VOLUME XCIV— NO. 43.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JTJLY 13, 1903.
TURKISH AND BULGARIAN FORCES CLASH
AMD SULTAM CALLS OUT MORE TROOPS
Death of Noted Thoroughbred.
LEXINGTON, Ky., July 12.— The former
race horse and Eire, Fonso, died to-day.
Fonso was 2-J years old, by King Alfonso,
dam imp. Weatherwith, by Wcatherbit.
He won the Kentucky Derby In 1SS0. de
feating Luke Blackburn. Among the get
are Rudolph, winner of $53,099; First Mate,
winner of J1C2S0; Ellen, winner of $ll,0. r «<);
Appomattox. Figaro, Forerunner. Gonfa
lon Lord Hussey, Loudon and Lord
Death of Kalakaua's Friend.
HONOLULU, July 12.— Judge Wilcox.
the intimate friend and adviser of the
late King Kalakaua and other monarchs
of the Hawaiian Islands, is dead as the
result of an operation, blood poisoning
having set in. Judge Wilcox was a noted
authority on the Hawaiian language and
was thoroughly versed in the history and
legends of the. islands.
Steamers Meet in Collision.
NEW YORK, July 12.— The excursion
steamer Clifton, running around Manhat
tan Island, was In collision this afternoon
with the Fi:lton ferry boat New York.
During the panic which ensued on the
Clifton two decKnarids jumped overboard
and one was drowned. No passengers
were Injured and both boats escaped with
trifling damage.
The most serious feature of the loss Is
the fact that the city will not be able to
get water from its supplemental .plant,
which is badly needed for the municipal
supply.
SAN BERNARDINO. July 12.— Fire this
morning destroyed the auxiliary pump
ing plant of the Colton Water Works, lo
cated a mile and a half from town. A
new air compressor had Just been in
stalled with electric power and lt,is sup
posed the current started the fire. The
building: and a thousand-dollar electric
motor were destroyed. £''! - V:.'V
San Bernardino May Suffer Severely
by Reason of Disastrous
Blaze.
CITY'S WATEB, SUPPLY
IS CUT OFF BY FIRE
BOGOTA, Colombia, July 12.— A rough"
canvass of the Colombian Senate seems
to show that only one-fourth of the mem
bers are favorable to the Ilay-Herran
canal treaty without amendments.
The Colombian Government has not of
ficially assumed responsibility for the
treaty. Serious debating on the conven
tion will begin on July 14. Dr. Rico, the
Minister of Foreign Affairs, yesterday
Fent a message to CongTess on the treaty.
The message follows along the same lines
as that which was sent to tho United
States Senate by President Roosevelt.
The Colombian Senate on Wednesday
continued the discussion of the absence
of President Marroquin's signature from
the treaty. Dr. Antonio Jose Uribe, the
Minister cf Public Instruction, spoke. Dr.
Rico, the Foreign Minister, in a much-ap
jilauded address, replied to former Presi
dent, now Senator, Caro's argument on
the Question of President Mirroquin's
signature to the treaty. The Foreign
Minister made what was considered a
powerful address, showing that the Sen
ate must approve the treaty before the
President Planed it.
The Senate resumed the discussion on
Thursday on the same point, but did not
arrive at any definite conclusion. On that
day the House of Representatives debated
on the Government's legislative decrees.
Senator Caro's motion on the question
of the President's signature to the treaty
was lost on Friday by a vote of H to 1L
The only liberal member in Congress,
Jose Camache Carrigos, took his seat in
the House of Representatives yesterday.
Crucial Cable Xn Th» Call and New York
Herald. Copyright, 1900, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
PARIS. July 12. — According
to a dispatch from Constan
tinople, published here, en
gagements have taken place be
tween Turkish and Bulgarian
troops on the frontier, which the
Turks accuse the Bulgarians of
having crossed. On the other
hand, the Bulgarians assert that
the Turks tried to occupy the neu
tral zone.
The dispatch adds that a Min
isterial council . was hurriedly
summoned at Yildiz Kiosk last
night and more troops have been
called to the colors.
Rumors are current in Con
stantinople that fresh troubles
have broken out in the province
of Yemen, Arabia, in consequence
of the appearance of a new
prophet.
Result of Canvass
of Colombian
Senate.
Fellow students of the kidnaped men
watched the episode from their dormitory
windows, but they have neither seen nor
heard of their comrades since the car
riage disappeared behind the trees which
line the Midway. The girls returned not
long afterward, but refuse to give out any
Information.
The captors are four young women who
escaped from the surveillance of 'the
heads of the Women's Hall and went out
for a glorious lark. They hired a rig
and drove furiously across the campus
into the men's quadrangle, which is
bounded by Snell and Hitchcock halls.
They found some of the men who live
in Hitchcock Hall standing on . the lawn
in front of the building-. Two of -.these
young men were bold enough to approach
the rig to Inquire if they could render any
assistance to the young women.
In less time than it takes to tell it,
two good looking young athletes, with
plenty of money to spend and plenty of
appetite for a good lark, had been en
ticed Into the rig. The horses were turned
about and they drove rapidly to Midway
and were lost sight of.
Special Dispatch t*%he CalL
CHICAGO, July 12.— What ha3 become
of two young men, students at the Uni
versity of Chicago, who lived in luxurious
quarters in Hitchcock Hall, who were kid
naped by a party of co-eds on Saturday
evening? The young men were spirited
away shortly after dark and up to a late
hour to-night had not returned to their
rooms, nor had their friends been able
to learn of their whereabouts. K
War CouncilHeld
in the Yildiz
Kiosk.
SCENE IN BULGARIA'S CAP
ITAL. AND A TRIO OF HER
MINISTERS.
Chicago University
Students Dis
appear.
C ANAL'S FOES
ARE LARGELY
IN MAJORITY
FAIR CO-EDS
KIDNAP TWO
YOUNG MEN
I**3 ANGELES. July 12.— Herman W.
Hellraan will on next Wednesday assume
the presidency of the Farmers and Mer
chants' National Bank. H. W. Hellmaa
retired from the Farmers and Merchants"
Bank about two months ago. Dr. W. L»
Graves, now president, will be made first
vice-president. The Farmers and Mer
chants' was recently made a national
bank. It is one of the oldest and strong
est financial institutions in California :
Accepts a Bank Presidency.
War Minister of Morocco Enters Taza
After Seven Days of Hard
Fighting.
f TANGIER, Morocco, July 12.— It is con
firmed that the War Minister, El Mene
bh!, entered Taza, the stronghold of the
pretender, Buhamara, on July 7, after
seven days' fighting, which resulted in" a'
complete defeat of the rebellious tribes.
Child Meets Frightful Death.
PERRY, Iowa, July ' 12.— Frightened be
cause he had set fire to his father's barn.
Abner Carpenter. Jr., 5 years old. to-day
hid himself in the haymow and was con
sumed in the flames - •
GOVERNMENT TROOPS TAKE
STRONGHOLD OF PRETENDER
BUDAPEST, July 12.— Disorders broke
out to-day at a meeting of electors at
Nagyvarad, capital of Bihar province,
which was being addressed by Dr. Bar
abas, the leader of the Extreme Left In
the Hungarian Diet. Seventeen persons
were injured and the military had to be
summoned to restore order. Many arrests
were made.
Electors at Nagyvarad Engage in
Rioting and Seventeen Persons
Are Injured.
DISORDERS BREAK OUT
AT CAPITAL OF BIHAR
NEW YORK, July 12.— In the case of
Walter Graham, a 5-year-old boy-suffer
ing from lockjaw due to explosion of a
blank cartridge which lacerated his hand.
Dr. George C. Weiss to-day, In the pres
ence of twelve physicians, cut open the
lad's skull and inserted antl-toxine. The
jaws relaxed in an hour and the child is
doing well. Dr. Weiss says he will re
cover.
New York Physician Performs an In
teresting Operation and Says
Patient Will Recover.
ANTI-TOXINE IS USED
TO RELIEVE LOCKJAW
SEATTLE, Wash., July 11— A copper
arrowhead was found early this month
in a pay streak on claim No. 38. Gold
Run, In the Klondike. It was eighteen
feet below the surface. The arrowhead
is probably the product ar.d former prop
erty of some Yukon or Alaskan Indian of
many generations In the forgotten past.
The arrowhead evidently Is made of na
tive copper. It is three inche:, long, thin
and tapering and gracefully finished. In
the center of the sides ore slight nicks,
either for fastening to the arrow or some
other purpose. The rear end of the in
strument is similar to the part of a file
which runs into the wooden handle.
Miners at Klondike Discover Relic
of a Supposed Prehistoric
Race.
ANCIENT ARROWHEAD
DEEP IN ALASHA SOIL
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. July 12.— Dr. Charles
Wardell Stiles of the Public Health and
Marine Hospital Service, the 'discoverer
of the parasite Uncinaria Americana, gen
erally known as the bookworm, or "germ
of laziness," and who, in his address last
December before the Sanitary Confer
ence of American Republics, told of the
effects of the ravages of the bookworm
disease upon the social, industrial and
economic conditions in the Southern
States, has made ano-aer discovery in the
parasite world. It is considered by Gov
ernment scientists as of the greatest im
portance and its effects may be far
reaching.
Dr. Stilejs* new achievement is the dis
covery, and isolation of what he has
named the Agaraomermls • culicis, other
wise known as "the mosquito destroyer,"
a parasite which kills millions' of mos
quitoes each year, and which, it Is be
lieved, under artificial preparation, will
prove far superior to any means now
known for ridding Infested communities
of these pests.
Scientists in Washington who have
been made acquainted with the discovery
say its importance cannot be overesti
mated, and that the mosquito is doomed
to extermination.
PRINCE OF WALES WILL
INSPECT THE KEARSARGE
Accepts Invitation of Rear Admiral
Cotton to Visit Flagship of the
American Squadron. .
PORTSMOUTH, England, July 12.— The
Prince of Wales arrived this evening for
the inspection of Rear Admiral Cotton's
flagship Kearsarge. Embassador Choate
and Secretary White traveled in the same
train from London. Admiral Charles. F.
Hotham received them at the station and
the whole party drove to the Admiralty
house as the admiral's guests, the Prince
of Wales, 'Embassador Choate and Ad
miral Hotham occupying the first car
riage.
H.' O. Arnold-Forsler, Parliamentary
Secretary to the Admiralty, and other de
partment officials have^ also arrived from
London' 'for , to-morrow's ..inspection.
Among the ¦ guests at, the dinner given
by I' Admiral '.. Hotham In -honor; of the
Prince " of Wales were the officers of the'
American squadron. , /..
"The comet discovered by Morelly at
Marseilles three weeks ago has been un
der observation by various members of
the Lick Observatory staff. It promises
to be an unusually interesting object. Its
brightness has increased very rapidly, un
til it is now as easily visible as a fourth
magnitude star.
"On Monday evening observer's should
experience no difficulty in detecting: It
about one or two degrees southwest of
the bright star Alpha Cygni. Its motion
is- carrying it southwestward about five
degrees daily. The orbit of the comet
has been computed by Professor Perrlne.
It is now in a parabola In such a way
tha* Its nearest approach to the sun will
occur on August 27 at a distance of
about 31,000,000 miles. Its present distance
from the sun is about 100,000,000 miles and
from the earth alout 20,000.000. To tne
unassisted eye the comet will appear as a
hazy patch of light. An acute eye should
be able to detect a short tall
away from the sun. Our photographs
have recorded two prominent tails, each
several degrees in length. While it is al
ways unsafe to make predictions as to
how bright a comet will grow, yet there
is little doubt that this one will be a fair
ly conspicuous object in the evening sky.
In fact. I should expect it to be the
brightest comet of the past ten years."
SAN JOSE, July 12.— Professor W. W.
Campbell of Lick Observatory gives out
the following:
1
Astronomers at Lick Observatory
Gather Interesting Facts About
Morelly's Find.
BRIGHTNESS OF COMET
RAPIDLY INCREASING
HONOLULU, July 12.— Although the
term of Sanford B. Dole as Governor of
tho Territory of Hawaii does not expire
until next June, campaigning has already
commenced. Reports have been circulat
ed that Dole will not be named to succeed
himself and a large crop of candidates is
expected early next year. Dole's friends,
however, assert that his administration
meets with the approval of President
Roosevelt, and they confidently look for
his re-appointment. None of the gentle
men who would be eager. to assume Dole's
gubernatorial functions has 1 yet been
sufficiently 1 bold to come into the open
but it is rumored that a number are
quietly Interesting Washington influences
In their behalf. Native Hawaiians are
particularly active, it is said, and there
Is already discussion among them of the
advisability of petitioning President
Roosevelt to appoint one of their race as
the official head of the islands.
Discuss the Advisability of Petition
ing' President to Name One of
Them to Succeed Dole.
NATIVE HAWAIIANS ENTER
THE GUBERNATORIAL RACE
Seventeen-Ycar-Old Spanish Girl
Drinks Acid to End Her
Life.
SAN JOSE. July 12.— Rosie Bernal, a
pretty Spanish girl, committed suicide to
day by swallowing carbolic acid. The girl
was but 17 years of age. No cause for
her act is known. She was the daughter
of Don Bernal, a laborer, and for over a
month past had been living with the
family of Fred Higuerra on Fox avenue.
It was there that she drank the acid.
When discovered she was unable to
speak and died soon afterward. She left
no note of explanation, but a love affair
is believed to have been the cause. The
friends state that the girl was married a
year ago to a man named Benjamin, but
that her husband left her soon afterward.
Since then she had another love affair.
LOVE DISAPPOINTMENT
CAUSES HER SUICIDE
Exterminator of
Mosquitoes Is
Found.
GOOD NEWS
FOR JERSEY
RESIDENTS
SOUR LAKE,. Texas, July 12.— Another
instance of remarkable rise in fortune
came to light here to-day. James Coch
ran, a student in the State University at
Austin, came here four weeks ago for the
purpose of making some money during
,the vacation season. He rode a Texas
broncho into town. The animal was
worth J10. A week after he arrived,
heavy rains made the roads almost im
passable and he traded the broncho to an
oil operator for an acre of land situated
far outside of what was then the proved
oil field. A few days ago a gusher was
struck within four hundred feet of his
acre and it was stated to-day that Coch
ran had just closed a deal for the sale
of the acre tract for $30,000, cash.
Trades a Broncho for an Acre of Oil
Land That Afterward Brings
Him 330,000.
TEXAS STUDENT SUDDENLY
FINDS, .HIMSELF WFJUJTHY
"We have not run away and shall
not. Alfred M. Best should have taken a
little better care of his father in life,
instead of showering alabaster vases of
perfume now. California won't want the
Woods when she knows the truth.
We are in good old Jersey now, and
shall remain, until cleared. Yours In
sorrow. "~ ALICE WOOD."
"They ,have asserted many things, not
one true, and we will prove It. Do you
think I, or we. would run away when wa
are innocent and let the name of Gulick
and Wood be eternally smirched? No. sir!
No Gulick ever committed a crime. I
shall live only to prove each and every
assertion a damnable He and Dr. Woods
a good man. He made a boyish mlstak*
years ago. I was more to blame than
he. I have been a burden to him, yet he
has nobly taken care of me. His only
fault is he is too good.
"I shall be hereafter dead to those I
love. I shall never see or hear, from them.
We will, however, as soon as the Bests
make their final stroke, wipe from our
name every stain. We owe It to our
selves, our child, our family. But tho
tide will turn when the Best affair U
cleared. Best's domestic and social and
financial affairs will be disclosed. They
Invited it, now let them take it. Colonel
Best, it will be proven, died from natural
causes.
"We have committed no crime. They
thought Colonel Best gave us about a
half-million stock. He dia not. The so
called diabolical surgical autopsy was
performed by the County Physician and
Coroner, ordered by William E. Best, a,
son. of Seattle, Wash. We never treated
Colonel Best — no. never. The property
they speak of finding with us was a grip
only, /which. Colonel B-.st had given Kath
leen. Colonel Best died a purely natural
death.
"We have not run away: we live quietly
out of broken-heartedness. Our attorneys
will not permit us to talk yet. They want
the Bests to drive the last nail. Then,
if they notify our attorneys, whom they
know, in a few hours or minutes they
can have us.
EASTON, Pa., July 12.— The woman who
In California passed as Mrs. Alice Cloy
Wood, the widowed sister of Dr. John
D. Wocds, and who is now believed to
be the latter's wife, has written a letter
to the Easton Call denying the charges
connecting her with the supposed murder
of Colonel William J. Best in San Ra
fael. Cal. This letter supplies the first
word from the Woods eince their sensa
tional flight to avoid arrest on warrants
issued in California. Mrs. Wood former
ly resided In Phlllipsburg, N. J., across
the river from Easton. She was well
known to the editor of the Easton Call,
who refuses to give the postmark on tha
letter. In the course of the communica
tion she says:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
After the shooting Terrill climbed Into
his buggy, reloading his shotgun, and.
holding at bay the crowd that had
formed, drove to the Sheriffs residence
and surrendered.
While a crowd stood around watching
the surgeon Terrill broke in the door. He
drove the crowd from the room at the
point of his gun. and, with the remark:
"I am going to get him now," fired both
charges Into his son-in-law's head." Wolfe
was terribly mutilated.
At the time Terrill fired Wolfe was half
unconscious.
Wolf*e was hurried to Petroleum, placed
upon an operating table In a surgeon's of
fice and preparations were made to am
putate his leg 1 .
CLIFFTON. Ind., July 12.— John Ter
rlll, a farmer, living near Petroleum, to
day killed his son-in-law, Melvine Wolfe,
firing the charges of both barrels of a
shotgun into Wolfe's head as he lay on
an operating table. The operation was
compelled by a gunshot wound inflicted
by Terrill a short time before.
Wolfe had deserted his wife and baby
and suit was brought to compel him to
support them. Early to-day Wolfe drove
past the Terrill home, shouting insulting
remarks and shaking his fist at Terrill.
When Wolfe came by again Terrill shot
him in the leg.
An article in a local paper during his
absence gave an outline of the investiga
tion and insinuated that he had fled.
Fulkerson returned and refused to act
further with the special agents. Col
lector Garrett was instructed by the
Treasury Department to require him to
give all facts in his possession and last
night Fulkerson resigned from the service
and sent the following telegram to the
department:
"I refuse to act with Agent3 Evans or
Johnson, they having no discretion as to
secrecy. Nor are they competent to ob
tain results. I am willing to co-operate
with any competent board. My resigna
tion Is tendered the collector."
The department promptly instructed the
agents to prefer charges against Fulker
son. The disclosures have created a sen
sation here.
EL PASO, Texas, July 12.— Special
Treasury Agents E. Polk Johnson of New
Orleans and J. F. Evans of El Paso are
investigating what is believed to be the
most gigantic irregularity that has ever
come to light in the customs service of
the Southwestern border. In a formal re
port filed with Customs Collector Patrick
Garrett, Storekeeper John Fulkerson, who
had charge of the Government force of
assayers and ore samplers at the .Amer
ican Smelting trust's works here, said he
could supply evidence that for years past
grave irregularities in the handling of ore
from Mexico had been practiced, result-
Ing in the loss of duties to the Govern
ment amounting to hundreds of thousands
of dollars. An investigation of the trans
actions for three months discovered a loss
of several thousand dollars, and Fulker
son, who has been storekeeper for ten
years, was confident the irregularities
have been practiced for at least half of
that period. He asked that he be made
chairman of a commission to Investigate
and gather evidence, and Collector Gar
rett so recommended to the department.
As a member of the commission, Ful
kerson would have been entitled, under
the laws governing seizures, to a commis
sion on duties recovered and would have
been practically assured of a better po
sittrm elsewhere.. inane service alter'be
coming 1 persona non grata at the smelter.
Garrett's recommendation was Ignored
and Fulkerson was ordered to supply to
the Treasury agents all information he
might possess. He declined to do this un
less made a member of the commission,
and, while his request was under consid
eration, he went on a five days' leave to
Mexico.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Resigns Wben Ordered to
Supply Proof of His
Charges. ; /
Fugitive , Says She and Dr.
Woods Are Still in
New Jersey.
Tragedy Follows Affray in
Which Victim Was
Wounded.
Alleges Evasion of Du
ties on Ore From
Mexico.
Declares Colonel Best
Died From Natural
Causes.
Fires Upon a Patient
Whose Leg Is Being
Amputated.
Murderer- Invades
the Office of a
|f Surgeon.
Letter Sent From
Her Hiding
Place.
An Official Accuses
the '-'Smelter
Combine.
MRS. WOOD
WRITES TO
AN EDITOR
SAYS TRUST
DEFRAUDED
UNCLE SAM
KILLS MAN
UNDERGOING
OPERATION
The San Francisco Call.
PRICE FIVE CENTS..OMAHA. July 12.— Dr. H. Nelson Jack
eon, of Burlington Vermont, accompanied
by.- Bewail K. Jackson, a professional
chauffeur of Taconia, Wash., arrived In
Omaha this evening, having made 1800
miles in an automobile from Ban Fran
cisco. He started May 23 and lost eigh
teen days on account' of the weather and
stopping for repairs. He will continue
his' trip" eastward to-morrow, going to
Cleveland, thence to New York and to his
home in Vermont.' -
Dr. Jackson is . making the trip purely
for pleasure, and 300 miles of .the distance
traveled has_ been: through a country
never before" crossed 'by an automobile.
He expects to reach Burlington August
1st. "His experiences thus far have been
exciting and at one time the two men
were thirty-six hours without food.
TIRESOME TRIP
IN AUTOMOBILE
JUNCTION* CITY, Kans., July 12.—Gil
bert Mullins, leader of the Fort Leaven
worth mutiny in November, 1501, who es
caped from, the County Jail here Satur
day with three others, was recaptured
to-day by Patrick Folck, to whose home
he had gone to ask directions to the
house of a man whose acquaintance he
had formed while in jail -here. Folck
pointed out the way and then, arming
.himself, followed alter Mullina and or
dered him to surrender, tiring as he did
bo. The bullet went wild and Mullins
made for a nearby cornfield. . Folck flred
again and Mullins fell, but he had not
been wounded, and when Folck came up
a moment later he surrendered. Mullins,
who was unarmed, said that he had seen
a crowd of citizens and soldiers going 1 out
early to-day to head off his flight and,
believing that he could not escape, he had
doubled back on his tracks.
Harry Barney, the highway robber who
escaped with Mullins, is still at large.
He returned to his home during the night
for some clothing and supplies, but fled
before the police got track of him. '
Marble Laborers Locked Out.
NEW YORK, July 12.— John Tobln. of
the marblecutters' organization reported
to the Central Federation of Labor to-day
that the employers in Greater New York
had locked out 1600 marble laborers In an
effort to force the organizations to adopt
the employers' plan of arbitration. The
men declare they will not sign it.:'.
Framing. Materials. 1
_The new styles, and" colors in picture
frames, mat boards and binding papers
please all who visit our store. Sanborn
Vail & Co.. 711 market .street. •
Special Dispatch to The CalL
NEWHALL. July 12.— John Colton, an
expert electrician, was suffocated and a
companion narrowly escaped a similar
fate to-day in. the Newhall tunnel on the
Southern Pacific Railroad between here
and Saugus. Colton had*charge of the
electric block system installed by the
railroad company to protect trains pass
ing through the tunnel, and had gone
into the hole for the purpose of repairing
some of the wiring.
While the two men were near the center
of the tunnel, half a mile from the open
air, two heavy freight trains, one with
three engines and the other with four,
passed up the grade, filling the tunnel
with smoke and v deadly coal gas. Realiz
ing their danger, the two men tried to
reach the open air. Colton had a silk
handkerchief, which he tore in two and
gave half of it to his companion, and
through this illk the men tried to
breathe.
Blinded by the smoke, they stumbled
and fell as they ran, and as a laM resort
began crawling along the track, with
their faces near the ground. When with
in 100 yards of the mouth of the tunnel
Colton became unconscious, but his com
panion struggled onward and finally
reached the open air, barely able to tell
what had happened. A relief party was
quickly formed, and several railroad men,
their heads covered with wet • cloths,
dashed into the tunnel and dragged Colton
out, but he was dead when found. He
was 27 years of age and leaves a wife
and one child. .
Death of a Distinguished Clergyman.
LONDON. July 12.— Father Antrobus,
Superior of Brompton Oratory, la dead.
He was regarded as a possible successor
to Cardinal Vaughan as Archbishop of
Westminster. In his early career he waa
in the diplomatic service and for a time
filled the post of Second Secretary of the
British Legation at Washington.
DETROIT, July 12.— Patrick A. Ducey,
a wealthy lumberman, died here to-day
aged 70 years. When the Michigan lum
ber business began to decline he pur
chased a. tract of 30,000 acres of timber
in the Adlrondacks and carried on active
operations in that part of New York State
until 1835. when he retired. He had also
«>xt«»nEive lumber interest? in Mexico and
California, besides mining property in
Colorado. He leaves a wife and four
children.
Death of a Wealthj Lumberman.
INDIANAPOLIS, July 12.— Negro lead
ers in Indianapolis are taking steps to
avert a race war. The Evansvllle riots
and conflicts .between the races in other
cities have, made them apprehensive of a
similar outbreak here. An organization
known as "The Negro Business League"
has just been formed, to rid the city of
what the better element of the negro
race calls the "Jim Crow" negro. Those
who will not work will be reported to the
police, with a request that they be driven
out of town.
NEW YORK, July 12.— A riot, which re
quired the reserves of three police pre
cincts to suppress, broke out to-night in
the negro quarter in West Sixty-second
street. The trouble was precipitated by
tho attempt of Policeman Connor, to ar
rest William Johnson, the leader of a
gang of negroes, who were making a dis
turbance in the street. The policeman.se
cured his prisoner after a sharp fight
and was dragging him to the station
house when he was assailed by a colored
mob' and volleys of bricks and stones
were hurled at him from the roofs of ad
joining tenements.
Connor opened fire on a negro on a roof
and the shots were returned from . win
dows of the house. Reserves arrived and
soon cleared the streets. Then they
chafed the other rioters over the roofs,
making several arrests, and. finally re
stored order.
LEAVENWORTH, Kans.. July 12.—
United States soldiers attempted to lynch
Everidge Williams and Walter Brown,
negroes, to-night, and for more than an
hour the entire police department was
kept busy quelling the trouble. Williams
and Brown had engaged in a row with
the- soldiers, and one of them fired
a number of shots at a soldier. Tha
soldiers then congregated In great num
bers, and it waa decided to lynch tha
negroes if they could be found. Twenty
five soldiers and a number of citizens
went to the homes of Williams and
Brown, near the old fair grounds, and
surrounded both houses. Ropes had been
procured and everything was In readiness
for a lynching.
Policemen with rifles and revolvers ap
peared on the scene just in time and by
careful maneuvering succeeded in getting
Brown and Williams away to the police
station. A number of soldiers, with re
volvers were arrested, but were later re
leased.
JAIL BREAKER
IS RECAPTURED
WASHINGTON, July 12.— During a ter
rific thunderstorm here to-day, lightning
struck a boathouse near the Potomac
river In which a dozen men had taken
refuge. Robert B. Smith was killed, an
other man so badly injured that he may
die and still another was severely hurt.
BEAVER CITY, Neb.. July, 12.— A ter
rific electrical and wind storm prevailed
here this afternoon, doing much damage
to small buildings and windmills. The
wheat crop just ready for harvest was
also damaged. The Salvation Army of
Kansas and Nebraska now holdtpg a
camp meeting here, suffered much "loss.
Nine of their tents were blown down.
Commander Holland was Btruck by the
falling tent pole and sustained serious In
jury. The camp was flooded.
Three hundred persons were rendered
homeless for the time being and were
compelled to find shelter in neighboring
houses. The damage to houses and house
hold goods is estimated at $100,000. The
rainfall here for the day was 3.95 inches
and the Telocity of the wind 46 miles an
hour.
BALTIMORE, July 12— A severe wind
and raio storm occurred here this after
noon which was particularly violent In a
limited section of northeast Baltimore
where within a radius of about four
blocks, fifty houses were unroofed, walks
demolished and treea uprooted. For sev
eral sauares the streets? were thickly
strewn with debris.
Save Two Negroes Prom
Fort Leaven worth
Soldiers.
Houses Are " Unroofed
and Trees Uprooted
in Baltimore:
POLICE PREVENT
THE LYNCHING
STORMS STRIKE
SEVERAL CITIES
FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE DEFUNCT PACIFIC BANK AND PRIN
CIPAL. STOCKHOLDER OF THE LONG-MOURNED PEOPLE'S HOME
SAVINGS BANK, WHO DIED YESTERDAY AT MONTREAL.
RENO. Nev.. July 12.— The Reno wheel
men defeated the Garden City Club of
San Jose to-day In a flfty-mllo relay race
by two* and one-sixteenth mllrs. This
was the cleanest and most sportsmanlike
race ever run on this course. Time,
2:11:00.
Beno Wheelmen Victorious.
DIES FROM GAS
IN THE TUNNEL
I At last the crash came. On June 22,
j 1S93. the Pacific Bank suspended payment
| and on November 3 It was declared In
[ solvent. A terrific run immediately com-
I menced on the People's Home Savings
! Bank and it also soon went under, carry
! ing ruin to hundreds of poor depositors.
President McDonald and R. H. Mc-
Donald Jr. were indicted by the Grande
Jury and made to stand trial. Frank Mc-
Donald fled to Japan. In both Instances
the alleged offenders were released upon
technical grounds after sensational trials.
Dr. McDonald, who was considered more
the unfortunate dupe of his two sons than
an active offender, could not face the
shame of the sensational incident and
left the city for Cuba, never to set foot
on his native land again.
McDonald Is survived by his brothers,
McDonald, the capitalist and
Park Commissioner of this city, and Mark
L. McDonald of Santa Rosa, who regis
tered at the Occidental last night. Rich
ard H. McDonald Jr.. the pon, who was
implicated with his father In the bank
failure, is now a practicing attorney In
this city. Both Jasper McDonald and his
nephew, Richard, are Jn Santa Rosa at
I the present time.
As subsequent Investigations showed,
the McDonalds soon inaugurated a reck
less campaign of speculation. Umler the
unscrupulous Influence of M. H. Sher
man, a daring financial promoter, first
the sons and later the father began to
squander the funds of the Pacific Bank
in wildcat schemes. First it wasf an
electric road In Los Angeles; then a Sim-,
liar enterprise at Phoenix. In these two
concerns $742,000 of worthless bonds were
bought with the money of the bank's de
positors. In quick succession stock In
the Mohawk canal, the John Brown Col
ony and similar unprofitable* ventures,
the chimerical schemes of Sherman, was
purchased with riotous prodigality.
When these expenditures had begun to
pinch the Pacific Bank President McDon
ald, without scruple, began a systematic
drain upon the People's Home Savings
Bank to stem the tide. As fast as the
deposits came into the savings bank they
were transferred to fill the yawning
breach in the other institution.
On December 11. 1831. the State Bank
Commissioners, becoming suspicious of
"the condition of the McDonald banks,
warned Attorney General W. H. H. Hart,
but the warning passed unheeded. Re
peated admonitory notes to McDonald
himself drew no reply whatever. It sub
sequently devolved that through J. E.
Farnum, manager of the savings bank.
McDonald was keeping his finger on the
pulse of the Bank Commissioners.
CRASH RUINS HUNDREDS.
Dr. McDonald, after a trial replete with
sensations, was allowed to escape on a
technicality, but such was the appalling
number of suits brought against him by
persons who had been defrauded, that the
disgraced bank president took refuge in
flight and had been a self-appointed exile
for ten years when his death came In
Montreal. It is known that he left- a
considerable fortune, despite the financial
crash which overwhelmed him. * s
It was with a small fortune amassed as
the results of the sale of a popular patent
medicine that Dr. McDonald became
president of the old Pacific Bank, which
had been incorporated as early as 1S63.
Later his two sons became officers and
heavy stockholders in their father's in
stitution. So prosperous was the bank's
business that the People's Home Savings
Bank was shortly launched under the
guiding hand of the McDonalds.
RIOTOUS SPECULATION.
DIES IN EXILE.
The death of Dr. McDonald recalls the
sensational Incidents surrounding the
failure of the Pacific Bank and the Peo
ple's Home Savings Bank in this city in
1833. The crash of these two concerns
and the resulting disclosures of wholesale
fraud involving Dr. McDonald, his two
sons, Richard H. McDonald Jr. and Frank
McDonald, and other men high in finan
cial and political circles of the commu
nity formed the most startling sensation
In the history of finance on the coast.
Detective Harry Bralg made a moat
thorough research, and, after taking Into
consideration all the various features of
the case, reported to Acting Chief of Po
lice Martin that as far as he could ascer
tain Hausel had taken his own life by
plunging over the landing at the top of
the stairs leading to the Alexander resi
dence.
The wound in the neck is still unex
plained, but It ia thought possible that
Hausel Inflicted this himself with some
Instrument and then walked some dis
tance This hypothesis would account fof
the trail of blood on the sidewalk and also
for a blood-stained handkerchief which
was found In one of the pockets of th«
dead man. -
The- remains have been removed to an
undertaking establishment and will be
cremated at the expense of Brewery
Workers" Union, Local No. 7. of which the
dead man was a member.
She told of her marriage to Hausel in
Seattle, of his habits and his actions on
leaving her three weeks ago without
money. She makes vague and indefinite
charges against "those men In Seattle"
and is convinced her husband was the
victim of foul play.
The poiiee have decided that Hausel's
death was a case of suicide and have
abandoned further investigation of the
case.,
"I know my husband loved me," said
Mrs. Hausel. "and would have sent for
me as soon as he got work. They would
not let him get work. Those Seattle men
that he fought with killed him. Now
they want me to go back to Seattle, but
a. will not go." . . - '
Mrs.' Hausel says she received a letter
from her husband last Friday. He was in
San Francisco and said that he would
send for her as soon as he found employ
ment.
Mr«. Joseph Hausel, whose husband's
body was found with the skull fractured
and- a wound in the throat Friday after
noon in front of a residence at 2523 Gough
street, believes he was murdered. She, is
living at the Bethlehem home In Los An
geles and In an Interview yesterday she
asserted that she knew who murdered her
husband.
After asserting the moral obligation and
the legal right of the United States to pro
test to the Russian Government against
its treatment of Jews, Weber said:
W> cannot look with unconcern upon the ar
rival of the thousands of hunted, terror
ftiickcn human beings, who come to us crush
ed in spirit and impoverished in substance to
enter into competition with our respected and
ecll -respecting ialxir. Neither Is it an answer
to eay that we have the remedy in our hands
by closing our ports against these people. That
¦would violate every instinct of humanity and
would war against the policy which has made
ttsts country great and prosperous and which
will continue to add to our progress and pros
perity. If immigration is confined to normal
case* alonp. The abnormal immigration from
Russia is due to the laws and methods of that
country — arid this gives us a legal and moral
right to object. Self-interest and humanity
unite In * loud call to Invoke, such rights.
rapr.t by vhe people. The Jew is. therefore the
ff!*crt of tht rabble, the Epoll of the official.
th# football of fanaticism, the buffer aeair.st
which strikes the wrath of bigciry, Intolerance
ana savagery.
To-day he is en alien in the land of his
birji. & subject who bears an undue share of
the runUns of good government without the
priv;i*K"s cf Its meanest citizens. Ftttered in*
his movements, handicapped in his vocation.
re*tri't-»<J in his educational opportunities, he
i« unabie to protect himself and powerless to
successfully invoke the protection of the au
thorities. A slave without the self Interest Of
a rr.a*i<.r to Fhltld him from abuse, he stands
IhIT'Vm friendless and defenseless against
brute force, the Irrepressible cunfiict of the age
l>eins Kovernment by autocracy and govern-
In his address, Weber charged the Rus
sian restrictive laws with being respon
sible for misery and persecution. He said
that there would be no peace, no substan
tial relief for the sufferers until the total
disappearance from Russia of either the
Jew or the special laws directed against
him. Taking up the laws regarding the
right of residence, which the speaker
characterized as especially hard and op
pressive, he briefly sketched the history
of the official decrees regulating the area
within which the Jews were permitted to
live during the past forty years. Sum
ming up the status of the Jew in Russia,
Weber said:
ATLANTIC CITY. July 1*.-John B.
Weber of Buffalo. N. T.. late Commission
er of Immisration at the port of New
York and chairman of the special com
mission authorized by Congress in 1SSS to
investigate in Europe the causes induc
ing immigration to th!s country, was a
speaker to-day before the Jewish Chau
tauqua on the subject of "The Status of
the Jews in Russia."
It Is r.o breach cf International diplomacy or
frlendFhip If this country Fubmits the question
to the Russian Government its to whether it
will receive a Petition presented hy a large
numher of respectable citizens of this country.
At the conference on Tuesday it will be de
cided what ehall be done with the petition. If
the Russian authorities decide that they cannot
acrept the petition, why that will end the
natter.
CAXL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W.. WASHINGTON. July IT.— Regardless
of Information received here from trust
worthy sources that the Russian Gov
ernment is taicing effective measures to
punish those responsible for the Kish
enev massacre and prevent further per
secutions of that kind, the President will
not hold back the petition of the B"nai
B'rith Association. It is understood from
an official of the State Department, how
ever, thafr arpruments will be used at the
conference on Tuesday at Oyster Bay
between the President and the petitioners
to Induce the latter to withdraw their
petition if the efforts of the Russian Gov
ernment to prevent further persecutions
prove to be sustained.
What may be accepted as an unofficial
position of the Government in the Kish
enev issue and the attitude of the Presi
dent Is contained in the following state
ment, obtained to-day:
The whole situation Is F.imply that there has
heen no official communication between the
two Governments. Since the President prom
ised the petitioners that he would forward their
petition there has- been nothing to change the
situation.
Special Dispatch to Th* Call
in 1SS3 paused widespread panic
and resulted in sensational charges
against its president, died in this -city to
day at an advanced age. ..It is said that
worry over his involved estate and the
many suits pending- against him as the
result of the failure of the bank of which
he was the head hastened his end. The
remains will be taken to the United
States for burial. .
MONTREAL. July 12.-Dr. R. K.
Mcbonald, formerly president
of the Pacific. Bank In San
Francisco, the failure of which
Will First Advise the With
drawal of the Kishenev
Document.
Police Conclude That Dead
Man Put End to His
' Own Life.
President to Forward
Protest if They
Insist.
Mra Joseph Hausel Says
She Knows Slayers
of Husband.
HEBREWS HOLD
PETITION'S FATE
WIFE BELIEVES
IT WAS MURDER
THE SAN FBANGISCO W&UX*, MONDAY, JULY 13, 1903.
Man Whose Administration Percipitated a Sensational
Double Failure, Proven to Be Result of Monstrous
System of Fraud, Passes Away at Old Age in Montreal
DR. R. H. M'DONALD, SELF EXILED
PRESIDENT OF PACIFIC BANK, DIES
2
AUCTION SALES
fe fes -^
THE FINAL SALE
—of— >•" ;¦'
Trotting Horses
From SANTA ROSA STOCK FARM
(Estate of Henry Pierce, deceased).
Win 'Take Place
WEDNESDAY. July 22. 1903.
Commencing at 10:30 a. nu
OCCIDENTAL. HORSE EXCHANGE,
246 Third St.. S. F. *
This' sale includes all the mares. colt«. geid-
inys and fillies on the farm. Among them ar«
many with records, and seven three-year-oias,
that have trotted quarters better than 35 sec-
onds, sons and daughters of Sidney Dillon »J™
of Lou Dillon.2:O4Vi champion): Direct. 2:05^.
Palo Alto.^2:08%: Inferna. 2:24%: Altamont.
3:24; Beau B, 2:16%; I* W. Russell. Almonl-
tlon, 2:24K. etc., out of famous broodmare»»—
the finest Individuals as 'well as the choicest
bred ever led into a sales ring. All are thor-
oughly broken, handsome and gentle. Tney
represent the result of many years' study on
the part of Mr. Pierce, and seekers after hlgn
class trotters and pacers, splendid broodmares
with foals by Sidney Dillon at toot, will get
what they want at this sale. It will -be tha
last opportunity to get euch well-bred horses
at auction. ,No reserve or limit: every animal
must be sold.' Catalosues Issued Tuesday.
July 14.
WM. G. 1.AYNO. Livestock Auctioneer.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE!
J£p» fcj* £i&
AT MERCHANTS 1 LIVERY STABLE.
607 California St..
TUESDAY. July 14. 2 p. m. ,
Consisting of 40 good livery horses. 3 good
1 hacks. 3 surreys, 5 open buggies, rubber tired;
• 10 wagons, 35 sets harness; must be sold, with-
! out reserve or limit.
JOHN J.. DOYLE. Auctioneer, office 327 6th st.
£^ . £^> £*
; AUCTION SALE. WEDNESDAY. JULY 15.
1003 at 11 a. m.. ARCADE HORSK MARKET.
! S27 Sixth st. 20 head of young horses; also
lot of heavy work -horses, harness, buggies ana
wagons. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
£3, 5^
Just arrived, a carload of good all-purposed
horses; must b* sold TUESDAY. July 14. 10
a. m;. at 1140 FOLSOM St.; also a lot of wag-
ons, buggies, carts and harness of every de-
; scrt'ptlon. . - ¦
\i>tviGOR» VII ALII Y for ML1
yC£p<*%K MORMON EISHOK-S PILLS
*?{« f% fcave been in use over flfty
/CT*fS5\ yean by the leader* of th«
fSSaS ¦"•* te'S Mormon Church aad thetr
fc n 3i»y i VjSCT followers. Positively cur* th-»
K?ra3/^JtT2a worst caaea in old and younj
tSk'ShAvfiSaf arising from eXXects of self-
Wkr5p\ikAS8' abuse, dljslratlan. exeease* or
V^^allV^C cigarette smoking. Curo . Lost
\3jtW Manhood. Impotency. Lost
«^S*^ Power. Ni*ht Losses. Insom-
ula Palnala Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervou* Debility, Headache. Unfltnesa to Mar-
ry Lola of Semen. CS f\ VarteoceU or Coa-
sUpatJon, Stop Ner %J vou. Twitching of
, Eyelids. Effects are TZ ral - m immediate. Im-
! part vigor and pote CEJVT3 n cy to every fune-
tlon. Don't get despondent, a cure is at haad.
i Reatore imall. undevelojred organa. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; o for
*2 60 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circular* fr««.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellla st
EVn Francisco. CaL GRANT DRUG CO.. 38
and 40 Third at,
BAILWAY TBAVEL
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN HY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
EAI1WAY COKPASY.
Tlfcuron Perry, j*oot of adarkert St.
SAN 7BAKCZSCO TO SAN RAPAEL.
WEEK DA Y3— 7:30, 8:00. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.:
12:35. 2:30, 3:40. 5:10, 5:50. «:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:C0, 0:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 D. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN rBANCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS — «:05. 6:S0. 7:35. 7:50. 9:2O.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. t2:C0, 3:40. 5:00. 5:20,
6:25 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50, 7:35. 0:20, 11:15. a. m.; 1:45.
3:40. 4:50. 5:00. 5:20. 6:10, 6:25 p. m. fEx-
j cept Saturdays.
: Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Franclsco-I May 3, HW3. [San Francisco.
' Week I Sun- I Deetina- I Sun- | Week
i Days. I Jays. | ticn. | daya. | Daya.
7:S0a ¦ ~7:45a 7:45 a
7:30a S:00a 8:40a 8:40a
-8:C0a 0:30 a Ignaclo. 10:'.*0 a 10:20 a
2:3'>p 2:30 p <S:O0p «:Mp
5:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
,; I 7:25 p
7:30 a 7:30 a 7:45 at 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 a<10:2O a
2:30 p '9:30i Petaluma «:2Op 6:2O p
5:10 p 2:30 p and . 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 7:30 a : 10:20 a|10:20 a
S:00a 8:00a Fulton. 7:25p|6:20p
2:30 p 2:30 p | 7:2op
4 Windsor,
-I:30a 7:30a • Healdsburg. 10:20a 10:20a
i Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Gejservtlle. 7:25 p 7:23 p
-y. Cloverdale.
7:30 al 7:3o"a! Hopland 110:2O a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. I 7:/5 p| 7:25 p
~7:30a| 7:30 a! Wllllts. | 7:25 pi 7:25 p
8:00 al 8:C0a!Camp Vacation. 110:20 a!10:20 a
2:30 p[ 2:30 p| Ouornevllle. [ 7:25 pj 6:20 p
S:0Oa| S:COal Sonoma. I 8:40 al 8:40 a
8:10 p| 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:00 p| «:20 p
7:30a|7:30a[ 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastopot. |T:*ap| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin. at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs: at Fulton for Altruria and Mark
West Springs; at Lytton fnr Lytton Springs;
at GeyservUle for SkagKs Springs; at Clover-
dale for tho Geysers. Boonevllle and Green-
wood; at Hopland for Duncan Springs, High-
land Spring*!. Kelseyvtlle. Carlsbad Springs,
Soda Bay. Lakeport end Bartlett Springs; at
1 1'kluh for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes. Laurel Doll Lake. Witter Springs.
Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley, John Day's.
Riverside, Ller!y*s, Bucknell's, Sanhedrin
Heights. Ilullville. Orr's Hot Springs. Half-
way Houfe, J Comptcne. Camp Stevcna. Hop-
kins. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg. Westport,
Usal: at Wllllts for Fort Bragg. Westport.
Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Laytonville, Cum-
mlngs. Bell's Springs, .Harris. Olssn's. Dyer.
QartwrTill*. P*pp*rwccd, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rate*. -
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to ail points
beyond Ean Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
. Gen. Manager. Gen. Pas. Agt.
I ' ~~~~~~_ " " :
; TO SAN RAFAEL
I |-^J^J|| SAn Ql'ENTIN,
1 tWJjyjiPBB-ffijffBBE Will"" inULt!)
cazad:ro,etc.
via Sausali to Terry
WEEK" DAYS ""{Holidays exeepted)— 6:45.
f7:45. 8M5. »:45, 11 a. m- 12:20. "1:45. 3:15.
4:15. t5:15, »e:15, 8:45. ». 11:45 p. m.
7:45 a. ra. train week days does not run to
\{lll Valtev
SUNDAYS AND LEGAL HOLIDAYS-7
t8 t*0. t*I0.,ll. tll:SO a. m.. J12-5O. t'l-30,
2:35 »3:50, 5. 6. 7:30, 0. 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
Those marked (t) to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m.
Saturdays. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train
TROM F SAN a RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week days— 5:25. :6:25. 7:40. t9:33.
11:03 a. ra.. 12:30. 2:20. 13:45, 4:50. 5:30. C:45.
1O S 2 UNDAYS-e:13. 7:35. tS'.tO. 0:40. J10:55*
111-45 a. m.. 12:50. 2:30. J3:25. 4:40. t5:50.
U:55. 7:35. 10:20 p. m.
Trains marked (J) start from San Quentin.
• FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Week days— 5:+5. 6:10 ¦ 7:43 8:25.
0:45. 11:10 a. m., 12:40. 2:45. 5:15, 5:10. 7:05,
10*40 d. m. '
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 7:55. 10. 11:10 a. m.. 12:05.
1-05 2 - 40 3:45. 4:55. *":C5. 7:10. 10:40 p. ra.
' ' THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. ra., week days— Cazadero and way
8 5:15 p. m.. week day* (Satardays ezcepted)
Tomales and way stations. ,
3:15 p. m.. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 8 a. nv Caza-
dero and way stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. m.. Point
Reyes and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— 62U Market tt.
' FERRY— Foot of Market st
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave fi» SiufcUio Jwtj - . Arrive
Saa Fran. >wt«f lUrtrt ft. San Fran.
Week Son- San- Week
»:45a «:OOa <££«**$« l',':OOf< STTsX
l:45p 9:00a W&SS^ST 1 U.-SOi- 3:30p
5:lSp IO:OOa X&iSs&ifeLf 3:3Op 3:50p
. ,'.',.. I 8:35 rj StOOp *-**'-. !....
fcttutkyi >aly. Haw ihwT Btaop.atrrwiy. il;3Oy t
IICIIT J 636 Maikkt St^ (North Shore RaUroadJ
8/riCB J and Sausauto Fkxkt, Foot Mfrkct St. •
AJDVEBTISEMENT3.
Skin Diseases
Eczema, Salt Rheum. Pimples,
RSngworm, Itch, Ivy Poison, Acne
or other skin troubles, can be
promptly cured by
Hydrozone is endorsed by leading
physicians. It is absolutely harm-
less, yet* most powerful healing
agent Hydrozone destroys para-
sites \v*hicb cause these diseases.
Take no substitute and see that
every bottle bears my signature.
<" Tried Size. 25 Cents. "^
At Drngffists or by mall, frota
Q^gygGSjfc* PHncegreet,
__ __ rnoekle>t on tb« rattoottl treat.
w*xW.K \ mr . n t »,f <Ii.rjiK-» mr-nt free.
A visit DR. JORDAN'S grcat^
OF ANATOMY^
0 'Ch ica&t£Z^:£.t«t.STts7&.s.rciLi
\ i?j The Lmt^ en Anatomical Museum ia the \
6 m**K>-*. y' 0 * 1 * He«Ja>ei*«» or any eoctricied g
• ifaLfcn b P c °* iii! °° the c&Mt - t S t. yeiri 15
A U*t£ I CR. JORDAN-DISEASES CF MEN 6
\ t'GuSfoM Con^alfiUoo fret tnd strictly pri»»!t \
§ I i**&. i Tr<arirrtlt P'noMliy or by Irtttr. A A
\ I tf life f**t— C*r* «a erery case undenakem. V
M F U tl# Writ* foe Book. PBILOSOPH V ef A
W ¦ I II ' ¦AMBIACiE, MAILED FREE, (AT
A U 11 wluable boot f« re-r) A
fl>B.4OBDA5tk CO.. 1051 Market SL8 F Y
<-^aV^^^'^' <^' <^'^»V^» <^-^^«V^ > .§
JtADWAT"S BEAST BSXkZSS- has stood
unrlvaJed before the public for 50 years as a
Pain KemwJy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds. Sore Throats, Influenza. Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia. Rheumatism. Neuralria,
Headache, Toothache and all pain. Internally
1 or Hale-rlA and til BoweU I'aioe. All druzi-iats.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
California
Limited...
To CHICAGO
|p^g9^§| An Ideal Train
FmSIeOP] or T nose Who
ff*^^T^ Seek the Best.
SANTA FE TRAINS.
Leave Market-stree^Ferry^epo^
"-Merced.... 1:03 P l&BggZ 3 13*
» Freano .... 2:40 p 3^ £ 7:150 a
••Hanford •• *=M P !:?,«.... 6:00 a
" VJsalla .... 4:55 p *:«P-* "... 7 33 a
•• Bakersfleld .7:15 p 6 .00 p -¦•¦'" 7:0 na
"KansasCity Z .fl I ".'...:. 8:« 9
•• Chicago •-• - XJ F r-
pl^at^irpolnwTnSanJcaqulnV^ley Ccr-
respondlnt train arrives at . 8:^.jLfIv , " y ; he
wngers. No second-class tickets are honorea
on this train. Corresponding trata arrives at
11*10 d m. Tuesday and Friday. ¦ . • »
¦930k m. Daily. Valley Limited. Composite
Car and RecllnlnB Chair Car between Eaxers-
fleld and San Franclsca Corre«pondln* train,
"flWiVu ItoSiton^al. Correspendlnff
n-V"!" m*V.Uy°5-- Se^fUnd Express
with through Palace and. Tourist Sleepers and
Free Recltninr Chair cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:23 p. m. dally.
Per-onally conducted parties for Kansas City.
Chicago and East leave San Francisco every
Monday. Thursday and Saturday at 8 p. m.
Offices— «41 Market street and In Ferry De-
pot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave »R<1 »r« due to arrive at
HAN FitAXCX-SCO.
fMarn Ling. Toot of M»rH«t Street > *•"
fc«' A T» ' — THOU JVM* «. **»- — ABBTra
"7.W*. Beolct».8als«B.inialraaa4 Sacra-
»ento I-J»
7.00x Vsearnie. "vrtntCTs, KumseT. 7.25>
7.30* MartlBea, Saa Baoum, Valleio.
- .Kapa. Callstog», SuU Kosa 8J5?
7.30a Mies. Latbrop. Stockron 7.2&»
8 00* Daris, Woodland. Knlgbu Landing.
KarysTtUe. Or»Tlll«. («oBne«t»
at MarysnUa lor Orldlsy. Biggs
aadCbJeo) :^-— -251*
100* AUantleExpr»M«— OgaenandBas*. 10.25a
SCO a Fort Co«ta> Murilne*. AaUocn. Bj-
roB.Tr»ey.Siocktoii.8»craineata,
Los B.inot. Meadota. Haaford.
VlMlta. Portarrnie »»4^5»
8.00a Port Ooata, Varttars, Lsthrop. Uo-
drito. liereed. Fresno. Oo«h«a
Junctlcn. Uaaford. VUalla.
Bakcrtrtickl 8^3»
830a Shasta Bxpr«»s— D«tU. WiiUauu
<for Bartlett Sprtntts). IVlllowt,
tmto. Bed BloS. Portland 7.55>
8 J0a KUes. Saa Jote. LlTermoro. Stock-
ton.Ioae,3acT«inento.PUeer»nie.
MarysTUlo. Cnlco. Ked Bluff 425»
8.30a. Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. 80-
nora. Tnolnmne »ad Angels ..... 4.299
900a MarUne»««dWsySUUons. 8 6fi»
1000a V»llejo_ 12.25*
*10J0a Crei«entCIty Express. Baslbonnd.
—Port Coata. Brron, Tr»oy, La-
throp, Stockton. Mereed. Bar- ;
mond. rreiao. Ecaford. Vlsalla, \
. : - Bakertfteld. Lo« AngeVM and (
Kew Orleaa*. (Wrstbonnd sr-
rlres as Pacific Coast Express.
r1a Coast Line) «1-3Cl
10 00a Tne OrerHnd Limited — Ogden.
Denver, Om«na. Chicago •2S»
1200m nsyward. Sllf» aott Way Stations. 3.25?
tiOQp Sacramento K1t«t Steamers. til. CD*
340r Benlda. "wfntera. Sacramento.
Woodland. Williams. Colasa.WU-
lowi. Knight* I.»ndinr. Msryt-
rllle, Oroviiii* and way (Utlons.. 10-63*
SJOr Bayward.Kfles and Way Stations.. 7 6&7
4 COr Martlnf*.S*>irUnjon.YalleJo,Sap-v
Callitoga. Sant» KiMa 9 25*
4.00r MarUnrs.Tracy.LKttirop.Stcekton. 10-25*
400r Kllea. Llrermore. 8cocktoa.Lo«ll.. 4.ZSp
4 30^ Bayward. SI!-«. Irrtastoa. Sam I tC.S'i ?.
jci'. Ll^ermore I 11 1.65a
6 00p The Owl Llair.ed— Fresno. Tnlare.
Bakerafleld. Los Angeles; eoa-
eects at bangns for Saata Bar-
bara 8.86a
6 COr Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton, Los
Banos 1 2 ?§*
1630r Kllea, San Jo*« Loci 7. 25 *
6 COr Hay ward. Ktles and San Joa*,. 102S*
$.0Cf Orfental llnll — C'ecten. DenTer.
Omaha. St. Lonl*. Chicago and
Eut (Carries Pallm&n Car pa*>
s«Bgera only out of San Fran-
cUco. Tonrist far and coach
passengers take 7.00 p. x. train
to Reno, continuing thenc«'!a
their cars 6 p. «. train eastward.. 425?
WeatDOUOd, Sunset Limited. —
From New Tork. Chicago, Kew
Orleans, El faao. Los Aagelea.
Frecno. Berrnda, Raymond < from
ToKTnlte). Siartlnex- Arrive*.. 8-23*
7X0? San Pnblo, Port Cost*. ilnrUnes
and Way Statloua 11-25 »
J7C0P VaUeJo« 7E6»
7-OOp Fort LOBta. Benld*. SuUun, Davl*.
Bacrameato. Trackee, K*no.
6tops at all ftatlona east at
Sacramento 7-654
8-CSp Oregon A California Expr«»»— Sac-
ramento, MnrTsvillr, Redding,
Purtland. Puget Scnnd and Eaat. 8-55*.
iS.IOr Bayward, N lies and Saa Jose (Son-
day only) :11.S5»
11.25* Port Coata, Tmcy. Lathrop. Mo-
de*to. Merced. Itaymond (to Yo-
•emlte). Fretno 12 2fr
Hanford, VUal 1*. Bakenfleld 5-2SP
COAST LirfE (.1»rr«m <Jad 5 s). '
(Foot uf Market Street.)
17-45 a Santa Crui Excnrilon (Sunday *
only) JS-IQp
8.1 5a Newark. Centerrille. flan Joae.
Felton, Bou'.cer Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Station*........... S 2Sr
IZ.IBr Krwurk. CenterTlIle. San Ji>!«<%
Kew Almadcn. Loa Gato«,7elton.
Boilder Creek, 3anm Crns and
Principal Way Stations 10.55*
4.15p Kewsrk. San Jose, Lo« Oatos and
war stations (ob Saturday sod
Sunday ruos through to Stnta
Cm*, connecta at Felton for
Houi.ier Cre^k. Monday only
from Santa. Cttj-i) ta.SSa
OAKLAND HAPfOOR FERRY.
From KAN fltA.M:htO, >"uot of Market St. (61laA>
, — tI:J5 »:00 11:00 a.m. 1 00 3 60 SIS P.M.
From OAKLAND. Foot of I»roa«lw»y — +«:eo t3:09
t8:l» 10:00a .u. 12 00 2 00 4 00 p.m.
COAST LINE (Itroad Uausf).
(fnlnl ana To*n»fBd Strega.)
6 10* fcan Jute and Way Sut'ons 7.3f>
17 COa Pan Jone and Way btations ... 63Ci»
/7 00a Kew Almaden y4.1(>
57-15* Monterey and Santa Crua Excar
picn (SiiDrfar only) 18-3Qy
•CCOa Cc»»tLlKeLljn1ir<i— btoptonly Sa«
Jc«e.(Ii:roT.Ilo!lli'ter.l»jjiro.C»«-
trovllic. ?«l!r.»», S»>n Ar«!o. Paco
l;oh!e». S»ntaMcrsar!ra.e»nH!l» , ;
«ib!.-po,(rr!nrt; »l itattocathcace)
Esata Barbera, aod Los An-
Kelts. Connection at CastroTilU
to and f rim B!cctercy and PariSe
Grove and at Fajaro nnrih bcund
from Caritola an<t Santa Cruz 10-489
¦ XCu Can Jooe. Tres ' Plnos. C*]>tto!a,
KftotaCras.PactCcnroT«,Sr«>lnaa.
mn Lots Oblspo and Principal
Intermediate Station* 4.1CSJ
Uf* ttboand only, fai-itr Coa»t Ex-
vw.— From K «w York,Ciir%go,
Kew Orleans. El Paso. Los An-
1020a Can A *c and "\V»t StatlODa » 1 2Qd
MZOa San Jo»e. Lc» Oatos and Waj Sta- ¦
ttona .. S 7 fip
•J-30P Ean Jcse and Way Stations " x 70«Sp
.A'lT Ban Jose and W«y Station* ... .;.. ia!4»w.
,0^3-tOP Dt>i Monte Kxprf>««— Santa Clara. "**
• Ean Jttt?. Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Saota Crnx, Bonlder •-•"• • ¦
_ _- Cre ek aod Narrow Ganpe Pn!nt«) (12.1&S
o3-30p BnrUeeaine. 8an Mateo. Krdwood.
i:euloP»rk. Palo Altc Majrfleld,
Vonntaln View. Lawrence, Santa
Clara. San Joa», Ui'.roy (connec--
tliiii fur Holl-strr. Trra Plnoa).
Pajaro (cenntctton for Wataon->
•/l:ie. Cap'Tf'.'a and Eanta Crua).
- Pacific ClOTe and way stations!
Connecta at t»«trovtiie fur Sa-
e4.3CP San Joso'atdf *w'«y*8taVtoaI!!!'"" 'S'slt
litO* San Jo»e. (t!» Sanu Clara) Loa
Oatoa, Wrtght and Principal ft ay
Siatlona , ....
•!5-20r San Joe and Principal Way Stattona linn
otg.i&p eanMateo.Bereafofii^eHnoBVa" * 8CC -*
Carle*. Redwood. Fair Oaka.
lienloPark. Palo Alto MJ .
8.3CP San Joae and Way Statiooa.. S?o
•7-CCp 8an»rt Limited. Eastbonnd — San •¦ JOA
Lul» ObUpo, Santa Barbara, Loa
ABgeiea. btmtur. El p« so . Kew
Orleana, Krw Vcrk. (Wetthonad «
snivel vi» S»nJc»c.tiin Valley) . v-anc.
8.CC» Palo Alto and Way Station......; Xfcllt
mi^Ol MUlbrae. Palo Alto and Way sii- lal5 *
t^OnS AM *a-
«114flp MllJbrae.'Satl'joiV" Vad'way*"sia; ra45 *
— Ooiu I9.45F
X B-tWSaW only. 4 * '" Mi ™™
{Stop* at all sUtlona oa Sunday.
1 Sunday exeepted. t Sunday only
« r«tnrda; only.
a Connect, at Go.hen Jc with trains for Uanfortt
. C .°" at Ltne - J Tneaday and Friday.
5viTlM5ilifi-v5JS? f excepi Satar(U7 -
e^ceWnn^y?,^ 8 "*
_£I2s<j not itfii> at Yaitacla sx, «•"•••
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I A| AQKA j I
I Refrigerators |
! Keep provisions longer g
and use less ice than §
any other make. o
Lend'tcr catalogue. <>.
*M W, MONTAGUE & CO. 1
I 309-317 Market St. |
V V^W 99 / Desk I
Z&S Distinction |
»^^ To the man who has made his f :
S pfrsonallty felt In th« business ?!
5 world there-is evident a decided ?
g altierenc* In the several pieces of 1
I Offtce furnlturo- -Just as In the »
{ mtn whom he mHti dally. .Such a 5
*} <Jer-k as thf> one h?n shown appeals •:
*p to a nuccesaful man. It ha* .le-p ":
S built-up writing; bed— a superb -V
1; . piece of quartered Oak— richly u
5 - * _ _ r) .i_. -n ...y«
J carv«d drawtr pulls ar.d a splendid > %
array of reOeaifd panels. It is i-
' known as No. 1523 and Its price is 'i
| ? *O*.50 "
¦i Perhaps you require a typewriter f-
« desk. ' We have a largo variety. %
i .both of flat and roll tP-> at pr!c*a ?<
:¦ ranginK from 520 to $75.. y f.
t Tawmw fc Erbo 6lfy. Co. <•
635-C3D Zaissioa St. i
Phone Main 1790. - ij ;
yp^^jt^YDUR EYES
CURES AIL EYE DISEASES. \ "> M^
6RANUIATI0N ETC.
California cunlight, strong winds and alkali
dust cause eye trouble. Little troubles grow.
Murlne Is a favorite toilet requisite, restores a
.faded eye to natural brilliancy, doesn't smart.
soothes eye Pain. ' .
¦ The laboratories of the Murlne Eye Remedy
Co.. Chicago, ape the larsect In the world pro-
ducing an exclusive line of eye remedies.
Sold by Druggists and OpticiansSANTA ROSA, July 12. — The annual picnic
of the Brewinasters' Association of California
was held In" this city to-day. The time was
devoted to singing by the Arion Singing Soci
ety and to, dancing, and feasting under the
trees. A banquet was served in a corner of
the park. John Opper, president of the Brew
masters' Association, made a speech of wel
come and It was responded to by President Ru
dolph Mohr of the Brewers' Protective Associa
tion. Others • who spoke were Dr. Magnus,
Charles Bach, K. Pankow and Fred Hagemann
Jr. Members of the order were present i from
Oakland, San Francisco, Benlcla, Petalumjt,
Vallejo and this city. . ¦ , . . '
OAKLAND. July 12.— William Sinkwitz.
an expressman, and his wife were at
tacked at Twelfth and Franklin streets
to-night at 10:30 o'clock by two men who
beat Sinkwitz about the head and rough
ly handled his wife. Sinkwitz claims the
men are unknown to him,, but that they
assaulted him because of Eome grievance
over union and non-union: express busi
ness.. His injuries, which were slight,
were dressed at the Receiving , Hospital.
Sinkwits resides at 516 Fifteenth street.
Man and Wife Attacked.
HONOLULU, July 12.— Joe Millet of the
Olympic Club of San Francisco fought
five rounds last night with Billy Woods,
the former sparring partner of Jim Cor
bett. When the sixth round was reached
the police stopped the mill and the referee
concluding that Millet had made the bet
ter showing awarded him the decision.
to keep the Qulrinal palace in readiness,
as . he may come to Rome at any time
from his summer villa near Turin, on
account of the Pope's condition or death.
In any event the King and Queen will re
turn to Rome on July 29.
¦ In addition to Dr. Rossoni, five news
paper correspondents have been added to
those stricken by fever. -The latter have
been taken to the hospital. *
Telegrams of inquiry continue to come
from foreign governments, i Messages
from Bolivia, Argentina and Peru arrived
to-day.
Joe Millet Is Given the Decision.
CHICAGO. July 12.— The indications to
night are that to-morrow will bring the
commencement of another conflict be
tween the freight handlers' organization
in Chicago and the railroads, such as was
experienced here last summer when the
union was defeated and all but disrupted.
The. difficulty this time is brought about
by a controversy between the Teamsters'
Union and the Kellogg Switchboard and
Supply Company, where the employes
went on strike two months ago because
the firm refused to discharge two. non
union employes. Lately the company's
•goods- have been hauled from its factory
by non-union men under police protection.
President Curran of the freight handlers
said to-night that if the Kellogg people
persisted In such a course he would order
a general strike of freight handlers in
i.iis city to-morrow. Tho railroad man
agers said that they were prepared for a
«tr1ke
striKe.
ANOTHER STRIKE IMMINENT.
BELGRADE. Servla. July 12.— Th* blrthdar
of Kin* Peter was celebrated to-day and
thanksgiving services were held throughout the
country.
LONDON, July 12.— The nervousness
felt regarding the political outlook in the
Balkans and Manchuria tended to restrict
business on the Stock Exchange last
week. The advent of fine weather bene
fiting the home railways, and the cheap
ening of money are expected, however, to
bring a revival of business. American se
curities have Bhown renewed weakness,
partly due to reports that Wall Street
suffered heavily through the rise in cot
ton. The anticipation of a new Issue of
capital for New York Central also tended
to depress the market, the idea being that
difficulty would be experienced in raising
the capital necessary to enable American
railroads to cope with their growing
traffic.
Uncertain Political Outlook in the
Balkans and' Manchuria Tends
to Restrict Business.
LONDON STOCK MARKET
SHOWS LITTLE ACTIVITY
Moore was fired upon in the street from
the foundry, and evidence obtained by the
police points to Ross as the man who
fired the shots. Ross, however, accused
Perrule. A number of Italians who were
In the place at the time say that Dettor
had given general orders to shoot at un
ion pickets who walked the streets out
side the foundry. The shots were fired
from behind a high picket fence.
No Immediate cause for the trouble was
apparent, but during the long strike there
have been threats that blood would be
shed. Four rifles were taken "from the
foundry by the police. The rifles are
claimed to . have been procured by the
head of the company, and the Italian
boss is said to have told his men that
they would be protected If they used the
firearms.
SYRACUSE, N. Y., July 12.— An Italian
strike-breaker at the foundry of L/C.
Stearns & Co. this afternoon shot George
Moore, a union molder, employed else
where but in sympathy with the strikers.
Three men are under arrest for complic
ity in the shooting— Thomas Ross, An
thony Dettor, a sub-boss, and Nick Per
rule.
The engine on the excursion train,
which consisted of twelve coaches heavily
loaded, broke down. A flagman was sent
ahead to stop the fast mail, then about
due. The engineer of the fast mail failed
to see the foremost flagman and only
slacked up when warned by ' the second
man. who was within a short distance of
the excursion train. The fast mall was
running at a high rate of speed and It
was/unable to come to a full stop. When
the /fast mall struck it was making fif
teen miles an hour. The engine, the bag
gage car and the foremost mail car left
the track and rolled down the embank
ment. The compact badly damaged the
KANSAS CITY, July 12.-MIssouri Pa
cific fast mail No. 7, which left St. Louis
at 3 o'clock this morning for Kansas City,
crashed into an excursion train. No. 6.
southbound from Kansas City, that had
become stalled at "dead man's curve,"
between Little Knob and Lee Summit, at
10:25 this morning. Three persons were
killed, two of them tramps, and fully
fifty others were Injured. With the ex
ceptldn of one or two of the crew on the
fast-mail all the injured were on the ex
cursion train. Most of them were Kansas
City negroes.
Eighteen were seriously hurt. The in
juries of the others consisted of cuts and
bruises. None of the passengers of the
fast mall were hurt. The engines, the
mall and the baggage cars on the fast
mall went down an embankment, but the
rest of that train remained upright, as
did the excursion train. Only jthe engine,
one baggage and a mail car on the fast
mail left the track.
The dead;.
ROY SWAIN, Kansas City, stealing a
ride. «.
WINKLEMAN, 3312 Russell avenue,
; St. Louis.
Unknown man...
Among those injured were:
"Walter G. Coleman, baggageman. Kan-
Fas City, badly bruised and cut: Eugene
Johnson. Qulncy, III., bruised and face
cut: Hallie Pavey, St. Joseph. Mo..
head cut and back sprained; Charles Reynolds.
Sedalla, Mo., badly bruiaed; Stella and Sallle
Rice; Independence, Mo., sisters, heads cut and
bruised: Arthur Smith, Kansas City, arm and
head cut; Harry Leidy, boy. Kansas City, leg
broken, bruised on head and body; Walter
Brown, boy, - Kansas City. leg bro
ken, head cut: Charles Watburn. Kan
sas City, internal injuries; Georg-e Hlckok,
Kansas City, thigh fractured. Internal injuries;
Charley Pratt. Kansas City. Internal, probably
fatal; Thomas Cooper. Kansas City, shoulder
fractured, body badly bruised; Benjamin Rob
in?rn, Kansas Ctty. Kans.. hips wrenched, in
ternal injuries; John N. Whitney, Kansas City
badly put and brulaed; James Lighter. Kansas
City, les crushed, head hurt: Florence Robin
son. Kansas City. Kans., nose broken, other in
1 Juries; A. H. Wlnslow. Kansas City, artery In
leg severed: M. A. Jackson. Kansas City, trav
eling salesman, severe contusion on head; Mrs.
I. N. Wells, hips hurt.
Shoots a Union Molder
Without Apparent
Past Mail Crashes Into
Coaches Containing
Excursionists.
TRAINS COLLIDE
ON SHARP CURVE
the patient. Dr. Lapponi addressed them
all, saying:
"Yes, the Pope is better, but I beg you
not to exaggerate In optimism, in order
to avoid a disillusion later."
Dr. Mazzoni also was absent from the
Pope's side, which in itself gave the
clearest evidence that the doctors them
selves were relieved of Immediate appre
hefision. Dr. Rossonl has been taken sick
with fever and was prevented visiting the
Pope this evening, as he intended.
ARISES AND DRESSES ALONE,
During the afternoon the Pope felt
strong enough to get up. He arose,
dressed himself alone in white and went
to sit In his usual armchair, where he
remained for pome time. Then the win
dows were opened for a change of air,
the sun streaming in, together with a
light, refreshing breeze from the Medit
erranean. Late in the afternoon he re
ceived Cardinals Mathiau, Steinhuber.
Agliardl and Casali. The Pope showed
his usual brightness and lucidity of mind,
and spoke to each without showing any
perceptible fatigue. To Cardinal Mathleu
his Holiness said:
"I have not ceased for one moment to
pray God to protect France and have the
men now governing her repent and stop
the persecution of the church."
He then sent the apostolic blessing to
Cardinal Mathleu's sister, who Is a nun.
He heartily thanked Cardinal Steinhuber.
who told him that the whole Jesuit order
was daily praying for his recovery and
preservation, and he asked Cardinal Ag
liardi hov.- he liked the position of vice
chancellor of the church, to which he
was appointed at the last consistory, and
how the Cardinal enjoyed his new resi
dence, the beautiful and historic palace
of tfie chancellory.
CARDINALS SHAKE HIS HAND.
Hearing that the Cardinal had not yet
moved thither. Pope Leo said: "You must
settle yourself before leaving for the
country." as though the removal was a
remote possibility. He thanked Cardinal
Casali for the warm interest the latter
had taken in his illness and then gave
all the Cardinals his hand to shake.
Aa the King of Spain had telegraphed
to inquire about the Pope's health and
had asked for the papal benediction, his
Holiness directed Cardinal Rampolla to
telegraph back, granting the request. I
Later the Pontiff took a short nap and
slept tranquilly enough, although he
seemed to have somewhat more difficulty
in breathing.
The doctors returned at 7:30 o'clock In
the evening and their evening* bulletin
gave negative encouragement, simply
showing that the favorable conditions of
this morning had been maintained.
Throughout the day St. Peter's was sur
rounded by the usual Sunday worshipers
and steady lines of inquirers visited the
Vatican courtyard, where the bulletins
are Issued.
Unusual rigor was adopted to prevent
unseemly gatherings. One notable in
stance of Vatican sternness was the ar
rest of Captain Smith, commanding the
Swiss Guard, for having given Informa
tion to the press.
IMPRESSIVE PRAYER SERVICE.
There was i striking scene within 8t.
Peter's to-night. In the midst of the
vespers the German students, all in scar
let cassocks, entered the cathedral. Be
hind them came the German friars in
rough hair cloth cassocks and then Ger
man nuns in conventional black and
white. These formed a procession and,
kneeling first at one altar and then at an
other, some prayed aloud and others in
silence for/Pope Leo. .
The congregation Joined in the pro
cession until the basilica was half
circled by a moving mass of color, and,
when St. Peter's tomb was reached, many
hundreds followed the picture of the Sav
ior held aloft by a statuesque monk. On
one side of the brass rails which guard
the entrance to the tomb knelt the nuns.
Opposite, three deep, were • the shorn
heads of the friars, while In the center
knelt the young: students, their scarlet
Judge Pryor and Town Attorney Pis
tolesl are determined to put a stop to
the rowdyism of the soldiers and each
offender will be given the full penalty.
After making the night hideous by
howling and vulgar language, three sol
diers of the Sixty-eighth Company, Coast
Artillery, named Parent, Bailey and Hill
engaged in an altercation in which pistols
were drawn and shots were fired. Luck
ily the town marshal was at hand and
with the aid of bystanders soon had tho
bellgerents under arrest.
justice Pryor to-day said that he had
had an Interview with Captain Wilson,
commanding Fort Baker, and that the
officer promised to do all In his power to
suppress misconduct on the part of his
men, and that if necessary he would
place guards on all roads leading to Sau
salito.
SAUSALITO. July 12— The heavy fine
imposed on a law-breaking soldier re
cently bv Justice of the Peace Pryor
seems not to have had a salutory effect,
for on last evening the residents of this
usually peaceful town were treated to a
display of\ rowdyism only paralelled by
the riots near the Presidio in San Fran
cisco.
Shots Are Fired and Authorities Take
Prompt Action to Maintain
Order.
VIOLENT SOLDIERS
DISTURB SAUSALITO
p.* OME, July 13, 6:45 a. m.
Y\ — The condition of the
Pope was stationary dur
ing the night. He slept at in
tervals, but was not entirely
tranquil.
ITALIAN KING AND PRELATE
WHO ARE CONCERNED
OVER POPE'S ILLNESS.
Pictures at the Edinburgh Exhibition" in
1SS7. He next edited a series of "Tudor
Translations," and produced a collection
of "verses for Englishmen" entitled
"Lyra Heroica." With Charles Whibley,
he published an anthology of English
prose, and by himself an anthology of
"English Lyrics."
In collaboration with T. F. Henderson
he edited "The Centenary Burns" with a
terminal essay on the "Life, Genius and
Achievement of Burns," for which the
academy awarded him one of Its prizes
in 1398. He later Issued an edition of the
prose and verse of Byron. In 1S33 Henley
received the honor of the LL. D. degree
at the St. Andrews University. He was
editor of the New Review from its be
ginning in 18S5 till its extinction In 1S97.
Henley aroused the wrath of the Eng
lish critics in December, 1831. by publish
ing in a Christmas periodical an article
reflecting on the character of his dead
friend and former associate. Robert
Louis Stevenson. He was severely scored
by them for disloyalty and bad taste and
for a time literary London was in a
foment over the matter. Henlty took the
onslaught coolly.
Now and then the Pope su3nccts that
something is being concealed lrom him.
To-day, after the visit of the doctors,
when a copy of the medical bulletin was
brought in, he read it attentively and
then rang. To Centra, who appeared In
response to the bell, he said abruptly:
"Bring me another cdpy of the bulletin,"
emphasizing the word "another," and
evidently believing that the first one had
been "doctored" for his benefit, as had
been done before. But to-day Centra was
able triumphantly to bring another identi
cal with the first.
One of the greatest difficulties is to pre
vent the Pope from speaking too much.
When some one is allowed to visit him,
he immediately begins describing the sat
isfaction he felt on the greetings he re
ceived on the occasion of the last jubilee
and also at the manifestations of sympa
thy from all parts of the world during his
present illness, which he considers almost
providential to strengthen the Influence
of the Catholic Church in the person of
its head. Then either the doctor or one
of his nephews steps in and monopolizes
the conversation, obliging the Pope to be
silent, which he does not like at all.
It Is remarkable -what different Impres
sions visitors receive of the Pope's condi
tion, according to their different tejnpera
ments. For instance, when Cardinals
Ferriata, Segna and Cretonl left the sick
room together Cardinal Ferriata, rubbing
his hands, said:
"The Holy Father is almost convales-.
cent. We shall soon see him in the Vati
can gardens again."
Cardinal Segna, making the sign of the
cross, sighed: "Our beloved Pontiff is
lost," while Cardinal Cretonl, shaking his
head in doubt, exclaimed: "Who knows?
He may die; still he may get better."
INFLUENCE OF AMERICA.
The newspaper Italia publishes an arti
cle with reference to the Journey of Car
dinal Gibbons to Rome, in which it says:
The Cardinal will certainly be one of the most
remarkable personalities in the approaching
conclave, representing, as he doea, 35,000.000
Catholics. If the successor to St. Peter were
to be chosen by popular vote. America's Influ
ence In the election would not.be inferior to
that of any other power, but the great Ameri
can nation will be represented by only a single
Cardinal, while Spain, with less than half the
number of Catholics in the United States, has
four times the number of Cardinals In the con
clave. But, perhaps, because he is alone. Car
dinal Gibbons will represent a moral force of
the first rank. I lie is , the only Cardinal who
Is absolutely free and independent of all the
petty Intrigues and machinations which to some
extent precede a conclave.
: King Victor Emmanuel has given orders
As many fantastic descriptions are in
circulation regarding the room . where
Pope Leo lies, a representative of the
press has taken^some pains to obtain an
exact account from one of the Pope's
nephews, who sees his uncle daily. The
room Is large, bright and airy. The walls
are hung with pale green and goldjike
damask. Entering it with the sun'pour
ing through the ample windows. Is like
a taste of spring. A large curtain - di
vides the room and is drawn open; show
ing on the right the modest, narrow brass
bed, covered with a red damask cover.
In his condition, Pope Leo shows great
daintiness with regard to his person, per
forming a full toilet whenever possible
and changing dally his fine white batiste
night robe. At the head of the bed is a
good picture of the Madonna, beside a
holy water font, while in the middle of
the adjacent wall is an immense crufciflx,
reaching from floor to celling, with an
ivory figure of Christ. At the foot of the
bed stands a very simple walnut writing
desk, at which the Pope has written the
best of his Latin poems. On the other
side is the now famous arm chair, which
Is most comfortable; a small table, a few
shelves with the Pope's preferred books,
and nothing more.
The chamber gives the idea of extreme
simplicity, luxuries being rigorously ban
ished. Even in his present condition. Pope
Leo has great objection to having per
sons about him, unless especially called,
so that except in the moments when he
was much worse, even Dr. Lapponi and
the valet. Centra, could not enter unless
he rang. '
Centra, who is most rductant to leave
the room, asked this morning if the
Pontiff did not think it better to have
some one always to keep him company.
Pope Leo replied, "I am In good com
pany," pointing to the large crucifix.
VALET SCORES TRIUMPH.
cassocks making a blaze of color which
ptretched far down the dimly lighted
nave. For nearly an hour' no move or
sound came from these supplicants fcr
divine interposition, save every few sec
onds the hoarse, monotonous cry, "Ora
pro nobis." The dirge-like cadence of the
guttural German voices quite drowned
the Italian choir, which still sang the
vespers from a neighboring altar. The
rosary ended, the Germans filed out, their
heads still bent in prayer.
POPE'S PLAIN SURROUNDINGS.
ROME. July 12.— Pope Leo has lived
to sec another Sunday and with
the Sabbath quiet which fell upon
Rome came also peace and even
progress to the Pontiff. Beginning this
morning with distinct signs of improve
ment, he maintained this throughout the
day. To-night Dr. Lapponi made the fol
lowing Important statement to the ques
tion if he believed the Pope's improved
condition could continue:
•'I believe that if the Pope lasts until
July II we may not perhaps achieve an
absolute cure, but we will secure such a
good state of health in the patient as will
allay our anxiety.
During the morning the Pontiff partici
pated In the celebration of mass. The
'ceremony was held in the chapel adjoin
ing the eick chamber. Monsigneur Mar
eoni being the cek-brant. The door con
necting the pick room with the chapel
¦was opened fo that his Holiness might
follow the services. He insisted that Dr.
Lapponi and his valet. Plo Centra, leave
his side and enter the chapel, in order to
better hear the mass.
The history of the day has be>en compar
atively uneventful. The Pontiff had sev
eral hours' repose, Dr. Lapponi resting
near him ihro'jghout the night. The phy
sician twice administered stimulants to
him, once of digitalis to strengthen the
heart and once of camphor caffeine to
overcome the paxtezxffl growing depres
sion. This morning found the Pontiff with
Fpirits bright and the conditions generally
improved.
FIRST HOPEFUL BULLETIN.
Dr. ilazzoni joined his assistant at 8:20
o'clock, and, after a brief conference. Is
sued the most enccuraging officlaJ bul
letin thus far given. Besides summariz
ing the satisfactory pathological condi
tions, the doctor pave the cheering tid
ings that the Pmtiffs condition had man
ifestly improved. The pulse, which went
down yesterday to £>. had risen to 85,
while the temperature and respiration
showed no abnormal characteristics.
Pope Leo lock his usual light breakfast
and Dr. Lapponi, who had remained In
vnceasinK vijril since th*- patient's case be
came desperate, felt sufficiently assured
to leave the Vatican for the first time,
poing to his home, where his daughter
Hea stricken with ferer. When Dr. Lap
poni left the sick room he was almost
mobbed by high dignitaries, including
several Cardinals, who rejoiced at seeing
the physician tranquil enough to leave
Pontiff Leaves His
Couch Without
Assistance.
DISTINGUISHED ENGLISH
POET AND COLLABORATOR
WHO DIED YESTERDAY.
Busy Day for the
Invalid in the
Vatican.
STRIKE-BREAKER
USES HIS RIFLE
He was afterward appointed editor of
the Magazine of Art, and in 1SS9 of the
Scots Observer, which under the new title
of the National Observer he directed until
1S94. To these journals, as well as to the
Athenaeum and Saturday Review, he con
tributed many critical articles. In col
laboration with the late R. L. Stevenson
he published a volume of plays in 1S93, of
which "Beau Austin" was previously act
ed at the Haymarket Theater. In 1S92
appeared his second volume of poems,
"The Song of the Sword/' To the same
date belongs "London' Voluntaries."
These verses marked a new" departure in
Henley's style. Henley was at one time
Interested in old French poetical forms,
and many of his lighter early pieces were
in triolet and other metres. He also
wrote "A Catalogue of French and Dutch
William Ernest Henley, the poet, critic,
dramatist, and editor, was born at Glou
cester August 23, 1S-I9. In his early years
he suffered much from ill-health, and his
first book, "In Hospital: Rhymes and
Rhymes," published in 1SS8, was a record
of experiences in the Old Infirmary,
Edinburgh, from 1S73 to 1S73. This was
the opening section of his "Book of
Verses," which attained to a fourth edi
tion in 1S93. In 1S75 he began writing for
the London magazines, and in 1S77 was
one of the founders as well as the editor
of London.
LONDON, July 12.— William Ernest
Henley, poet and collaborator in
several plays with Robert Louis
Stevenson, died this evening at
the age of 54 years at his residence at
Woklng. He was in his usual Uiealth
until a fortnight ago. He then felt sick
and was obliged to keep his room but
was not conlined to his bod. On Satur
day he became worse and a doctor was
summoned. He died suddenly at 9:30
o'clock this evening of heart failure, fol
lowing on nephritis. The papers contain
long obituaries and editorial articles in
which they regret the "loss of one of the
foremost and most striking of British
writers."
This evening the authorities here took
charge of young Simmons and he finally
confessed that he had ridden here last
night from Los Angeles on a bicycle, as
sisted the girl out s of the window, and.
taking her to Monrovia, placed her on
board a train. He has a brother-in-law
in Lnrned, Texas, and she was tc go there
and wait for him. He says he intended to
follow her in a few weeks. He will not be
given that opportunity, for the Revl Mr.
Jent will lay the matter before the Dis
trict Attorney to-morrow and if possible
proceed 'against Simmons criminally.
Telegrams have been sent ea3t to in
tercept the girl and have her returned
here. Because Simmons' story is not be
lieved by many persons, the friends of
Mr. Jent are continuing the search for
her in this vicinity.
This mornlns when the Rev. Mr. Jent
went to call his daughter he found that
nor bed had not been occupied. An open
window and footprints beneath it showed
how she had left the house. The Los
Angelfs police department and the Sher
iff's office were at once notified and asked
to ilnd the girl, and despite the fact that
officers searched for her all day no trace
of her could be found.
The young lady's absence was discov
ered earlv this morning, but It was not
until to-night that the truth became
known through the confession of the man
in the case. He is Carl Simmons, whose
home is in Los Angeles. «*ie has known
the girl for months, but until a few weeks
ago, when her parents learned that they
contemplated marriage, their relations
were supposed to be only those of ac
quaintances. He was forbidden to call
at her home and she was forbidden to
communicate with him. but through a
younger brother she regularly correspond
ed with him and arranged for the de
parture, which has left her oaients al
most heartbroken.
COVINA. July 12.— Impelled by an in
fatuation for a young man whom her pa
rents believed unworthy of her. pretty
Minnie Jent, the 15-year-old daughter of
the Rev. Ttfomas Jent. pastor of the
Covlna Daptist Church, climbed out of
the window of her bedroom Home time
last nicht, was driven m'.les across the
country and placed on board an east
bound overland train with a ticket for
Lamed, Texas.
Special D:*patch to The CalL
engine and baggage car of the excursion
train, but the cars remained upright.
Most' of the Injured were In the baggage
car on the excursion train.. This car had
been turned into a refreshment car and
In that were about fifty persons, mostly
negroes, making merry. The crash came
without warning and they were tumbled
Into a shrieking, groaning mass, crushed
and otherwise maimed. The Injured wera
cared for quickly and every attention was
given. When the track was cleared the
dead were taken to Lee Summit and the
injured brought to the Missouri Pacific
Hospital at Kansas City. There it is
stated to-night that all are expected to
recover. •. • s -
Yesterday, however, failed to bring
forth the desired results. Agulrre real
ized that all chances of remaining had
passed and now he proposes to vent spite
upon innocent parties. Just how many
more guards will go is a mere conjecture.
Those who profess to know, however, as
sert that the next few days will bring
many more surprises and that before the
prison directors meet on next Saturday
in San Francisco to erect a warden,
Aguirre will make It necessary for some
one to name a long list of guards and
petty officials.
Some of the guards who have been dis
charged assert that Agulrre laid all sorts
of traps in order to get a chance to cut
them from the payroll. As yet only those
near the outside gate, as it were, have
felt the disappointed warden's power, but
some of the guards and even the head
officials Inside the jute mill are daily ex
pecting to receive notice that their ser
vices are no further required. The war
den himself will not talk upon the sub
ject, claiming it is his own affair. In an
interview to-night Aguirre said:
"I did let out some of my men, but just
why I did it Is nobody's business. If they
had not deserved to be discharged they
would be here still. From the beginning
of my administration at this prison I
deemed It most essential that there should
only be one head to this institution.
Whenever I found that others werfc at
tempting to undermine me, why it' was
best to let them go. Further than this
I have absolutely nothing to say.
FINE RECOBDS FORGOTT^J.
The records of the men discharged aro
absolutely above reproach. ' Henry S.
Chappelear has been employed at the
prison during several wardens" adminis
trations and had been the steward of the
convicts' mess for the past twelve years.
He is well known to have been a most
efficient officer and one of the most com
petent stewards the prison has ever had.
Judson S. Kerfoot is also an oldtime
official. For the past fourteen years he had
creditably held the watch tower of "God
dess of Liberty." On one occasion sev
eral years ago Kerfoot is known to have
stopped a gang of convicts from escap
ing from the prison reservation- by the
prompt use of a gatllng gun. which was
in his tower. The convicts escaped from
the prison yard but by careful aiming of
the magazine gun. the fugitives were
compelled to seek shelter and eventually
were captured. All the other men dis
charged to-day were competent attaches,
but had incurred the enmity of the retir
ing warden.
To-day flvo of the most efficient guards
and one of the most competent officers of
the penitentiary were given their walking
papers. No reason was attributed for the
discharges and even these victims of
Agulrre's wrath have not the faintest idea
why they must hunt for other Jobs. Alt
h* will tell them Is that they were taken
off the payroll for good and sufficient
reasons. Friends of the discharged at
taches assert, however, tnat the present
Warden proposes to make a "clean-up"
of various employes and that In the next
few days many more trusted men will bo
officially decapitated.
The men who to-day felt the keenness
of Agulre's ax were Henry S. Chappelear.
Clarence E. Chappelear. Leander Carpen
ter, John Carpenter. Judson G. Kerfoot
and Joseph W. Hasklns. On July 1
Aguirre cut off several of the best at
taches of the penal institution from the
payroll, but the discharges caused so
much comment that he refrained from
scalping others. His list was long, but
he imagined he might have some possible
chance to retain his position and there
fore did not care to hamper his opportuni
ties for reappointment.
WEATH AT FAH.TJHE.
SAX RAFAEL. July 12. — Warden
Aguirre, realizing that he has only one
more week to serve at San Quentln. la
wreaking vengeance upon the attaches of
the San Quentln prison. Knowing that he
must soon drop Into political oblivion, he
Is attempting to draw others down with
him.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Attaches of Penitentiary Are Dis
charged and Reasons for tha
Surprising Action Ara
Not Explained.
Competent Officers Suffer Be
cause Their Chief
Must Go.
Fifteen-Year-Old Girl Climbs Out of
Her Bedroom Window at
Night and Police Are
Now Busy.
Los Angeles Man Hurries a
Pro?pective Bride to
Texas.
Sensational Elopement
in Southern Cali
fornia Town.
San Quentin's Passing
Warden Displays
His Anger.
LOVER TAKES
DAUGHTER OF
THE PASTOR
BLAMELESS
MEN INCUR
AGUIRRE'S IRE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CACL, MONDAY, JULY 13, 1903.
POPE LEO'S CONDITION IMPROVES
AND FOR FIRST TIME PHYSICIANS
ISSUE AN ENCOURAGING BULLETIN
William- Ernest Henley, Who Attacked the
Character of His Dead Friend, Robert
Louis Stevenson, Suddenly Passes Away
NOTED BRITISH POET AND CRITIC
DIES AT HIS HOME IN ENGLAND
3
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
f BACK EAST
EXCURSIONS
BY THE
JULY 12th, 13th, 14th,
15th and 16th.
AUGUST 18th and 19thi
25th and 25th.
THBHB AND BACK
ONE FARE.
STOP-OVERS 9O-DAY LIMIT.
Ask Agents
SANTA FE
for Particulars
641 MARKET STREET
i
Good for health and wealth
— Schilling's Best — at youi
'igrocer's, and moneyback.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
IT IS FOB T>AT)IES, TOO.
They Can Stop Their Hair Falling
Out With Herpicide.
Ladies who have thin hair and whoso
hair 13 falling out can prevent the hair
falling out, and thicken the growth, wty»
Newbro's "Herplcide." BesUes, Herpi-
cide is "one of the most agreeable hair
dressings there is. Herpicide kills tho
dandruff term that eats the hair off at
the root. After the germ is destroyed,
the root will shoot up and the hair grow
long as ever. Even a sample will con-
vince any lady that Newbro's Herpicide
Is an indispensable toilet ntnulstte. It
contains no oil or grease. It wuT not stain
or dye. Sold by leading druggists. Send
10c In stamps for sample to The Herpicide
Co... Detroit. Mich.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children,
Tha Kind You Hays Always Bought
Signature of OSt^/Z^S&tIn the wreck of a Virginia train the other day most
of the victims were negroes. 'It seems as if fate it
self were, conspiring against the black man in his
struggle for existence in the Southern States. .
A Hoboken dog, with a gold tooth has died from
gout, and its valet, a female human 'being of 'that city,
burned candles over its. body and ; has gone into
mourning' No blame attaches to the dog in the
selection 6f its help. *
, President's Loubet's visit to England, marked by
every desirable demonstration of good feeling,* is one
of those incidents of international life which . make
well for the world. The nation with a chip on its
shoulder is fast disappearing.
GERMANY'S rapidly increasing power on the
. seas has convinced British naval authorities
that something will have' to be done to safe
guard the British islands from a possible attack
from the north. To that end steps were taken some
time ago to establish a strong naval base of supplies
on the Scottish coast. Large appropriations for the
purpose were voted by Parliament and a site selected
at St. Margaret's Hope on the' Firth of Forth.
It is a familiar truth that the undertaking of one
work compels the undertaking of another. The
new naval' station is no exception to the rule. The
establishment of such a base of supplies on the east
coast of Scotland has raised at once a desire for a
means of speedy transportation of large ships from
the west coast to the cast. The Caledonian canal
is too small for such purposes, and moreover "it is
not sufficiently direct for the desired object. The
Government. therefore has decided to lend its aid
And now the Greek Cabinet, has resigned and all
Athens is in a fever of political excitement. It is not
likely, however, that the spluttering in this tiny leg
islative sea will cause more than a ripple -. in the
great ocean of European politics/
A GREAT CANAL SCHEME.
Records of the police court indicate very clearly
that wife-beating is something of a pastime in this
city among certain classes of human brutes. It is to
be regretted that the whipping-post, under such con
ditions, is not also among us.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
"You • think I make some pretty bad
breaks, don't you. Fred?" asked the
young wife. i~.,-
"Yes dear." replied the husband kind
ly' "but they're not like the breaks moth
er' used to make."— Buffalo Times.
"Gommander. dere Is a man py de fort
of ery dere . dot is at us making bat faces,
aind't it?" . ,. ;
"Py chlrainy Crissmas, dot is so! und
look, he is stecking his tongue oudt al
retty!"
"Aind't it awful! Gommander, gom
mander, he has shut vun eye undls vlnk
ing mlt de odder!"
- "Schmidtkopf. ve vill no more of dees
nonsense bizness stand.. Orter oudt de
heavy guns und let de pumpardment go
on. You pet your life nopoddy vill efer
make faces at de oldt flag of de vater
landt - mlt impunities. Hoch der Kaiser
¦und down" mlt der Venzervilllngers!"—
Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies, -50c a pound, in artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market at.; above Call bldg.*
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and . public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1041 - *
Dr. H. Xadeau of Los Angeles is at the
Palace.
Dr. E. L. South worth of Sacramento is
at the California.
C. F- Foster, a prominent rancher of
Corning, is at the Grand.
Colonel A. K. Whitton. a real estate
man of San Jose, is at tha California.
George W. Colwell, a capitalist of Har
risville, Mich., is stopping at the Palace.
Mark L. McDonald, the well-known
Santa Rosa capitalist, is at the Occi
dental. '••-.
Warren Rose, a butcher of Angel3
Camp, is among the latest arrivals at the
Grand.
Oscar Robinson, a banker of Colusa, is
in the city for a few days and Is stop
ping at the Grand.
A. B. Wray of Melbourne and Maurice
J. Nathan of London, merchants who are
making a tour of the world, registered at
the Palace yesterday.
An effort is being made to secure the next meet
ing of the National Educational Association for this
city. It is such people that we want to visit us, to
criticize us and to see in us and in the country in
which we live that which we believe, we have. It
js to our interest to have such visitors and then
to be on our best behavior when they come among
us. ' . " "I. .' .
A Philadelphia parent wrote to a schoolteacher
in that city: ''Miss Brown: You must stop teach
my Lizzie fisical torture she needs yet readin and
figors mit sums more as that, if I want her to do
jumpin I kin make her jump." Some folks may
laugh at that note, but if everybody in Philadelphia
could write with as much snap and ginger the city
would never more be regarded as a slow place.
The new marine biological station at Coronado is
already proving the wisdom of its establishment. Its
faculty has just 1 discovered two forms of marine
life never before seen upon this coast, one of which
has heretofore been seen only in European waters.
Wide'as is the scope of the daily newspaper and
varied as are the subjects it discusses, there seems
nowadays to be something lacking if in every issue
there be not a report of some train wreck in which
lives are lost and property destroyed: - Our modern
trains are becoming purveyors of death rather than
instruments of transportation.'
NEW conditions were visible in trade last week.
General business throughout the country ex
hibited increased activity and firmness, with
a better demand for goods reported all over the
country, and yet Wail street stocks, which are in
fluenced almost wholly (or supposedly so) by these
camt general trade conditions, were weak and de
clining, nobody apparently knowing why. This par
adoxical condition of frade hardly ever occuts.
Not even the mo%t astute financiers pretended to
definitely explain last week's marked weakness in the
New York stock market. For several days the whole
list of industrials and railroad shares declined and
the most vigorous professional support failed to
check the depreciation. Guesses were numerous, but
they were merely guesses. The general supposition
was that liquidation was not yet over, as previously
supposed, and this is about as good an explanation
as any. The Government crop report and the per
sistent poor threshing returns from the wheat belt,
finally culminating in the issuance of the report which
indicated a wheat crop of less than r 700,000,000
bushels, agaihsf an expected showing of- 750,000,000
or 800.000.000 a month or two ago, might have had
something to do with the depreciation, but this is
meri conjecture.
But. as said before, general trade made a better
cxhiit than for several months. The retail trade
in ilimmer goods showed marked improvement, with
many reorders: the wholesale business brightened up
under larger orders from the jobbers and practically
sure prospects of abundant harvests gave the whole
situation a brighter aspect. The improvement was
general rather than special, for taken individually
conditions did not appear especially encouraging. In
the first place iron and steel were dull, unsettled and
not over firm, while provisions persisted in being
weak at Chicago in spite of the attempts of the
packers to hold up the market. Both of these com
modities are accepted as very good barometers of
trade. There was an advance in ra*- wool, but no
other staple showed any improvement in quotations,
while a number declined. Still, the tenor of the
commercial reports was uniformlj' cheerful and the
impression seemed to prevail that the commerce of
the country, both foreign and domestic, was in pretty
good condition in spite of the pessimism of the past
several months. This cheerful confidence in the fu
ture is about as difficult to explain as the decline in
the New York stock market. Nobody seems able
to give a satisfactory reason for either. Taking up
the great staples of the country seriatim and con
sidering them from all sides give no grounds for
either optimism or pessimism, for regarded in this
aspect general business remains precisely as for a
month or so back. The bank clearings show very
little fluctuation from week to week, the percentages
of gains and losses as compared with corresponding
periods in 1902 being small. Last week there was
a gain of 7 per cent. Next week may show a loss
of the same per cent. Thus the tide of business
flows on week after week. The failures last week
were 104. against 193 last year. The railroad earn
ings in June were 13 per cent larger than in June,
1002, and 25.3 larger than in 1901. As to the plane
of quotations, Dun's index number showed a slight
advance in June, being $99,456, against $98,936 in
May. This is a change for the better, as this index
number has been slowly traveling down hill for some
months. As compared with July, 1902, there is a
decline of 2.4 per cent, chiefly in articles of food.
Locally there is not much change in conditions.
Almost everything that the farmer produces is bring
ing good prices under light stocks. This is true of
wool, hops, hides, cattle, sheep, hogs, dried fruit,
butter, cheese, eggs, wheat, barley, oats, corn, rye,
beans, hay, and in fact practically the whole range
of farm produce. This being the case good times
prevail in California as a natural result. The whole
salers report a good demand for merchandise, both
for local, interior and export account, the banks
have plenty of money to loan at reasonable rates
cf interest, real estate is moving very well at firm
prices and collections are good. The crops, as far
as the harvest has progressed, are turning out well,
and from present indications we arc to have another
year of prosperity.. ..... .
A COMMERCIAL. SEESAW.
In order to mystify foreign naval experts and to conceal
increases made in the Russian navy the. Admiralty permits
little accurate Information to be given out. Contradictory
statements as to types, size, armament and speed confosa
all experts. The latest mystification is practiced In chang
ing the names of torpedoboat-destroyers, new names being
given to old boats ' aTsd an interchanging 1 of names of new
boats of different sizes and types. This plan effectually pre
vents foreigners from knowing the. exact number of de
stroyers in the Russian navy.
A new scale of rations has been adopted In the British
navy to go into effect October 1. Instead of the old systera
of only three recognized meals a day— the last of which ia
at four In the afternoon— the crew will have four meals.
Breakfast is to be at eight o'clock, dinner from twelve to
one, tea between four and five, and supper, the extra meal,
about eight o'clock. Hitherto the men had to provide sup
per at their own expense. A further improvement Is Rja.de
in this that the rations are no longer to be served In tha
form of a pound of meat and a certain quantity of bread
per day. instead of which a greater variety of articles will
be Issued. The new scale cf dietary includes Jam. vege
tables—fresh and preserved— condensed milk, raisins, etc,
while the present meat ration will be slightly reduced.
A new school for navigating officers of the British,, navy
is to be established at Portsmouth. Selected candidates
will serve ninety days at this station, after which they aro
to be assigned for short periods to large ships of the Med
iterranean, heme and channel fleet?, after which follows ex
aminations in order to qualify for' permanent appointment
as navigating officers.
Lord CharUs Beresford's old flagship, the battleship
Ramillies, has achieved the highest average for 6-lnch
gun-firing on the Mediterranean station. Its score for tho
last four years firing with the 6-lnch guns. Mark, I. Is as
follows: 1S00. 43 per cent; 1501, 5$ per cent; 1902. 41 p«r cent
and for 1903 to date 63.6 per cent.
The German third-class cruiser Frauenlob of 2663 tons, 8000
horsepower and 21 knots, was built within seventeen months
by the Weser Shipbuilding Company, and her steam trials
have given satisfactory results. Its eight-hour trial under
full power took place on March 19 last and developed th«
calculated horsepower and speed. Later on, the vessel mada
four runs over a measured mile and averaged 85M horse
power and 21.102 knots. Her most economi
cal performance was found to be 11.8 knot3 with S3.9 revo
lutions and 1259 horsepower. The Frauenlob being Intended
for foreign service is wood-sheathed and coppered, by which
the vessel maintains Its high speed without being compelled
to so into dock for cleaning.
The use of oil as fuel has proved a success on the Mara
and Hannibal, battleships In the British navy. Experiments
have been in progress on these two ships during*. the pas:
three months, one-half of the number of boilers being fitted
for oil burning and the other boilers using coal. The trials
have demonstrated that while oil gives as much smoke as
coal the advantage is with liquid fuel in that It haa given
greater speeds and ability to keep at sea for a longer
period owing to reduced consumption. All the boilers In tha
two ships named are now to be fitted with oil burning ap
pliances.
vessels In home vards
• • s
PERSONAL MENTION.
The selection of C. W. Rae as successor to George W.
Melville as chief of the Bureau of Steam Engineering is a
disappointment to the recular line officers of which several
were candidates for this desireable office. Mr. Rae, how
ever, possesses the requisite theoretical and practical •quali
fications and is considered the best selection that could be
made. He was graduated from the first class of engineer
students at the Naval Academy in 1SSS and during his thir
ty-six years and nine months of -service has been a mem
ber of several important boards requiring expert engineer
ing and general scientific knowledge, besides taking his
share of sea duty. He is popular in Washington where his
duties required his presence for a number of years. His
service record to date is fourteen years and six months
at sea, chiefly on the European station; twenty years and
two months shore duty, largely in Washington and at the
Naval Academy, and only two years and one month unem
ployed. During the recent war Mr. Rae was chief engineer
of the battleship Iowa, the steaming performance of which
during the battle of Santiago was rather a disappointment
as contrasted with that of the Oregon. The failure of the
Iowa, however, was no doubt due to conditions beyond the
control of its ship engineer. Mr. Rae will relieve Engineer
in-Chlef 'Melville in August next and his retirement on ac
count of age takes place June 30, 1903.
Chief petty officers in United States navy are to receive
$70 a month after July 1. The present pay of this class,
embracing twelve designations, ranges from $52 to $70 a
month, and the increase is not to apply to those already
in the service but only to such as shall receive permanent
employment after a competitive examination. A new rat-
The u Bureau of Steam Engineering, which has been pre
paring plans for a scout ship with turbines, has found that
the increase in size of the turbine exceeds in rapidity the
increase in power, and that turbines as now designed are
far too large for use in small vessels of high speed. To
overcome this difficulty two alternatives present themselves,
one being to build the vessel with a highly arched deck;
the other to discard the deck altogether and substitute side
armor as protection.
The Brooklyn navy yard mechanics have appealed to Sec
retary Moody for his decision regarding the fifteen days
leave which the law allows them during the year. They
complain that they are not permitted to take this leave as
they would like to have it, but that it is doled out in small
sections and that they are forced to take it whether they
like it or not. Last summer it was the custom to make the
men take a half holiday each Saturday for thirty succes
sive weeks, and they ask now to have this practice discon
tinued and that they be permitted to take two or three
days off at a time. The heads of departments, as well
as the commandant, oppose the plan of the mechanics.
The Connecticut, building in the New York navy yard. Is
estimated to cost $3,952,000. against J3.9M.000 for the Louisi
ana, building by contract at Newport News. The sum au
thorized by Congress to be expended on each of these five
ships is H ,212.000, exclusive of armor and armament, leav
ing J2G0.000 for equipment for the Connecticut, but only
a $33,000 surplus for the same purposes for the Kansas.
This latter margin will be entirely wiped out in extras to
contractors and work done by the Government to complete
the ships and it is evident that there will be a deficiency
in the building of these ships of not less than $3)0.000 in the
aggregate.
WHEN our fleet was at Kiel the Kaiser
poured forth in commendation of the
American people a stream of words about
as sparkling and as exuberant as the champagne
that gave it a glow even if it did not inspire it. Now
in London King Edward has been equally gracious.
His method of speech is of course radically different
from that of the Kaiser. He speaks as a diplomat,,
while the Kaiser has the oratorical instinct and talks
with a flow that sometimes makes diplomatists gasp
and stare.
The commendation of crowned heads is not likely
to turn our head?. We have British blood among
our people and German blood also. We have a cer
tain liking for the sovereigns who hold the loyalty
of ourBritish and our German cousins. We delight
therefore in receiving the praise of royalty as a sort
of evidence of cousinly regard, and we are averse to
analyzing it too critically. Still in this case we can
hardly forbear believing that much of the commen
dation is due to the fact that we are getting to be
the biggest power on the globe, and that Kaiser and
King are gracious to us because we axe strong and
not because of any recognition on their part of dis
tant cousinship.
The American colony in London is now numerous
enough and influential enough to cut a conspicuous
figure in the cosmopolitan , world, and accordingly
when it speaks the world listens. It has just spoken
on the occasion of the celebration of the Fourth of
July and in doing so has been profuse in professions
of friendship toward Great Britain. Such professions
are natural enough. It is but right that a visitor in
a foreign land should, speak kindly of the natives
who give him welcome and enable him to have a
good time. Were there as strong an American col
ony in Berlin as in London we should have had
equally fervent professions there- of American love
of the fatherland. In fact when it comes to talking
love international we are about as eloquent as either
King or Kaiser.
Something like a love feast is going on between
our republic and the royalties of the Old World and
perhaps the world is the better for it. At any rate
no harm is done. Meantime neither Great Britain,
Germany nor ourselves will cease to strengthen naval
armaments. It is agreed at the love feasts that a
combination of the three powers could assure the
peace of the world, but it seems to be understood
that as yet they are by no means so loving as to
venture to ally themselves with one another and un
dertake the job.
THE PRAISE OF KINGS.
ing. that of chief water tender, at $3) a month, has also been
established.
The third increase of Japan's navy has received the sanc
tion of the Diet and eight ships are to be built, consisting
of three battleships, three armored cruisers and two pro
tected cruisers. Plans are already being prepared In tha
Admiralty. The battleships are to be of the ShlWshlma.
type, of 15,000 tons: the armored cruisers of the Asama type,
of 5>75O tons; and the cruisers of the Chitose class, of 4700
tons. All of these prototypes were completed four year3
ago, since which time many minor Improvements hare been
made, which will be Incorporated in the new ships, but no
increase in displacement nor speed is contemplated. Tad
Chitose was built at the Union Iron "Works and has evi
dently given satisfaction as a happy combination of gun
power, speed and coal endurance on a moderate displace
ment. The battleships are to be built abroad and the other
A harvest of gold is already pouring in from the
frozen fields of Alaska, and new men of millions are
rising from obscurity. Later will come the stories
of the tragedies in which men win this wealth and of
the comedies of life in which they spend it.
of 1001-2. The Newoort News, for example, increased
its bids for the Louisiana 11.14 per cent over the Virginia
figures, and in the Minnesota the cost i3 again raised 3 per
cent over the Louisiana, making an apparent increase of
fi?14 per cent in two years and five months. While the Vir
ginia has 1032 tons less displacement than the Louisiana and
Minnesota, the horsepower is 2500 greater in the first named
ship than in the latter two, making the Virginia relatively
more costly to build. On the basis of J160 per ton displace
ment and $63 per horsepower for the Virginia, the corres
ponding data for the Louisiana rose to $176.7 and $70.5, and
is now increased to $181.6 and $73 in the Minnesota. The
following table shows the increases:
THE contracts awarded for the battleshljw Minnesota.
Verrnont and Kansas show a considerable increased
cost of navy work as compared with the contracts
(E3» -«^ilig*3 Call.
MONDAY JULY. 13, 1903
JOHN a SPRECKELS, Proprietor. £
/cdrcss AH Communication* to W. S. LEA^E. w j^0^
_ _ ~~TELEPH0Nir~
Ask fcr THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
PUBLICATION OFFICE... M«rket and Third. S. F.
EDITORIAL. UOO1IS 217 to »1 Ster*n»O« St.
Delivered by Carriers, 2O Ct*. Per Week. 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms br M»n. Indn4U>* Po«ta« (CMb With Ort*r):
DAILT CALL <laela£l&r BtiwJv). oo« yew *?*£!
DAILT CALL (lndixUn* 6ua<Uy). C month* 4.OO
DAILT CALL— By SlfiffU it oath..- " ,/Sj
SUNDAY CALL. On« Te*r **? •
WKKKI.T CaJLU Om Ttr Jz!T^
f Dally... 9»Jf*O F«r Tear K«r»
rOREJO:* POSTAGE { 6un<U7.. 4.15 Per Te*r Extr*
I Weekly.. LOO Per Te*r Extr»
All Po«tm*»t«?r» *re «attaorUed to recelT*
¦sbaertptloB*.
tempi* oopiem «ttl t» forwarded when re«ne«t«a.
IU3 «cb«crtber» IB erterlnc ehane* cf mtl&ren «hoal« t*
SATtlcalax to £i»« both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
-.o isaur* a prompt and correct compliance wit* their request.
0AKLA.M) OFFICB.
HIS Broadway Telephone Uala 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE.
S24S Center Street Telephone Horth 7T
C. GEORGE KROGXESI, .Maaar" Forelrs A<Tef."
tl.lDd. Marqsette Utxlldlns. Cbleaso.
tLc&s DiatASO* Telepnca« "Central 2«1S.">
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MOrtTO.N E. CRAMS 1406 C Street. H. XV.
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ITEPHE5 B. SMITH 8O Tribute HallJing
BRANCH OFFICES— 6ST Montgomery, corner of Clay, epea
cstll »:33 •'dock. 800 Hayes, open ectll t:30 o'clock. «»
UeAIUtter. open catll t:SO o'clock. CIS Larkin. open until
• :» o'clock. :«U Mission, cpen until 10 o'clock. 2281
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until » o'clock. 109« Va
trsrcla. opee ontfl » o'clock. 10« Eleventh, open until 9
e'etock. KW. cer&«r Twenty-second and Kentucky, cpen
unUl • o'clcck. TSO0 niJmore. open until » o*doc*.
to subscrieersTeayihg towk for the sdmmer
Call sabaeribers contemplating- a ehanare of
residence dartna* the summer months can have
ikelr paper forwarded by mall to their new
cctrttin by notifying T*e C* 11 Business Office.
Tbls paper will also toe on sale at all aamtnrr
resorts end «• represented *r m. local mgent In
• 11 tOTrn" o» tbe coast.
DESPITE the well nigh universal opinion that
Cleveland cannot be seriously considered as
a- candidate for the Presidency next year, the
Brooklyn Eagle insists he will be by all odds the
strongest figure in the Democratic convention and
will have a fair prospect of carrying the country.
In confirmation of its views the Eagle has recently
printed a long letter on the subject from a corre
spondent who writes from the summer home of Mr.
Cleveland at Buzzard's Bay. Of the letter the Eagle
says in a double-leaded editorial: "The statements
which the correspondent makes are interesting, im
portant and suggestive, and arc quite likely to prove
historical. They, will not be questioned because they
cannot be. They will not be misunderstood and'for
the same reason. They will not be underestimated
by any intelligent politician, by any. enlightened
statesman, or by any thoughtful citizen. Nor can
they be easily overestimated, for their significance
is unmistakable and unescapable."
With that declaration by way of introduction the
article commands attention. The correspondent
does not assert positively that Mr. Cleveland will
be a candidate, but intimates as much. He says:
"The keyword to a determination of what the course
of Grover Cleveland will be is 'duty.' If in the de
velopment of events it can be made to appear to him
that it is a duty which he owes to the party and to
the country, those who know him well anticipate he
will accept another nomination and obey the call.
He recognizes the obligations of- duty as few men
do. It means much to him, and it will be with him
as in the past, swaying with him. All those then
who wish an answer to the question can find it in
watching the development of the political situation
of the next nine months."
The writer goes on to say further that the friends
of Mr. Cleveland are not asking him to declare his
position at this time. Those who are trying to get
an answer from him, or who are making demands on
him for a declaration of his intentions, are his op
ponents. He quotes "a man who knows Mr. Cleve
land as well as one can know another." as saying:
"Such demands can only confirm Mr. Cleveland in
his determination to remain silent during these days
of development. And. indeed, I imagine there is
enough Adam in the former President to refuse to
gratify them by an expression. If he were to signify
that he would accept a nomination they would imme
diately lift up a great shout that they had smoked
him out; if he were to say that he would not take
a nomination, they would declare with a flourish of
trumpets that they had driven him off. Whatever
he might say would be tortured to suit their ends."
The sort of developments which are expected by
Mr. Cleveland's friends to bring him back into ac
tive political life are those which lead to a "rehabili
tation of the party in the esteem of the people, bring
it back to old and tried principles and cast off the
errors and sophistries that have led it into disaster
and nearly into destruction."
If that view be correct it is by no means improba
ble that Mr. Cleveland may be the nominee of the
party, for it is unquestionable that in the South and
in the West the drift of Democratic sentiment is
clearly in the direction of Clevelandism as against
Bryanism. That tendency has been demonstrated in
well nigh every Democratic State convention of the
year, and has been further revealed in the expressions
of newspapers and of Democratic leaders. In fact
Bryan by his assumption of dictatorial powers in the
party has alienated thousands who might otherwise
have supported him, and it is now becoming ques
tionable whether he will be able to control even so
much as an important faction in the national con
vention.
As to Cleveland's relation to the revolt against
Bryanism the writer says: "He looks with leniency
arid equanimity on the use of his name in giving
direction to the movement within the party which
cannot fail to arouse among its members an old time
love and enthusiasm for the creed of pure Democ-
Then follows this statement: "In various utter
ances, by tongue and pen, Grover Cleveland has le # ft
the party and indeed the country in no doubt as to
what should be the future policy of the Democratic
party and what principles it should espouse. Disin
clined to talk to interviewers, at least on his own re
lation to the party, he has been free to speak of
party principles. He regards tariff reform as the
most important issue and believes that the best as
surance of success in the coming campaign is an
insistence upon its old-time doctrine of a fair and
beneficent tariff adjustment. He believes thousands
who have not declared irrevocably their party affilia
tions await an opportunity to espouse a cause in
which tariff reform is made the chief issue. Hardly
second to this is administrative reform, and in the
recent disclosures at Washington this question has
gained an\ importance it had not a few months ago
in the public mind. Sound money should be an
affirmative declaration and the present financial sys
; tern perfected by the necessary legislation."
Such is the understanding of the attitude of Cleve
land by those who are near to him and are in com
munication with his closest friends. They hold that
Cleveland should not be urged into making a de
cisive statement at this time. It is with them a wait
ing game. It appears as if everything were moving
in their direction, and that they have nothing to do
but to sit still and let the nomination come to Cleve
land without effort on his part or on theirs. It is
certainly an interesting situation, and the Eagle is
fully justified in pressing it upon the attention of the
rftiblic
to a long discussed project of Scottish business en
terprise, and as a consequence plans are now being
made for the opening of a deep canal capable: of
affording passageway to the largest ships afloat from
the Clyde to the Forth. ;
The proposed water way will be about forty miles
long, but some ten miles of that distance will be
through Loch Lomond. * The estimated cost is about
$50,000,000. ¦ The money required for a careful sur
vey of the route and for obtaining approximate cal
culations as to construction has been deposited by
a syndicate that purposes to undertake the work,
and it "is announced that plans for the enterprise will
be submitted to the public in November.
Naval authorities are quoted as saying the canal
will be of the highest strategic value and it is for
that reason the Government will give its aid to the
enterprise. When opened the canal will enable
British fleets to pass at once from the waters of one
coast to those of the other without having to make
a long voyage. The effective strength of the channel
and home fleets will therefore be materially in
creased. From a commercial point of view also the
work will be of great importance to the Scottish
people.'
In comparison with its length the canal will be
one-of the most costly of modern times. The Cale
donian canal, sixty miles long, cost but $6,000,000.
The Kaiser Wilhelm canal, sixty-one miles long,
cost about $40,000,000. The record for extreme cost,
however, will remain with the Manchester canal, for
that work, while only thirty-five miles in length, cost
inMhe neighborhood of $75,000,000.
INCREASE IN THE COST OF BUILDING
BATTLESHIPS FOR UNCLE SAM'S NAVY
CLEVELAND AGAIN.
THE SAN FBAXCISCO CALL;- MONDAY, JULY 13, 1903.
j „ «
LORD CHARLES BERESFORD AND HIS OLD FLAGSHIP, THE BATTLESHIP RAMILLIES. WHICH VESSEL HAS
ACHIEVED THE HIGHEST AVERAGE FOR THE PAST FOUR YEARS IX SIX-INCH GUN FIRING ON THE
MEDITERRANEAN STATION. *
4
I
Tons . I
1 Horse L
I Power, f
Date <
of C
Contract.
Contratcrs.
Contract I Cent
Price. j Per Too.
NAME OF SHIP.
Rhode Island
Virginia
Louisiana
Minnesota
Kansas
Veimont
14.94 <»
lt,94<<
ltt.OOU
1C.00O
lti.000
16,000
19.000 j
19.0«*> I
16..VO
16.500
18.500
16,500
Feb. 15. 1901.
I Feb. 15, 1901.
Oct. 15. 10C2.
June ». 1903..
June », 190.1..
June 9. 1003..
..Fere River '-..
..'Newport News. —
..Newport News. —
..'Newport News
. . : Camden Shipyard.
..iFor» River
iii_
Cl.406.0no «227 m
3.59O.W1O 240 2O
3. 800.000 24» SO
4.110.000 2M SO
4. 179.01 « 2«1 20
4.165.000 I . 2C0 SO
I
Tons . I
1 Horse L
I Power, f
Date <
of C
Contract.
Contratcrs.
Contract I Cent
Price. j Per Too.
NAME OF SHIP.
Rhode Island
Virginia
Louisiana
Minnesota
Kansas
Veimont
14.94 <»
lt,94<<
ltt.OOU
1C.00O
lti.000
16,000
19.000 j
19.0«*> I
16..VO
16.500
18.500
16,500
Feb. 15. 1901.
I Feb. 15, 1901.
Oct. 15. 10C2.
June ». 1903..
June », 190.1..
June 9. 1003..
..Fere River '-..
..'Newport News. —
..Newport News. —
..'Newport News
. . : Camden Shipyard.
..iFor» River
iii_
Cl.406.0no «227 m
3.59O.W1O 240 2O
3. 800.000 24» SO
4.110.000 2M SO
4. 179.01 « 2«1 20
4.165.000 I . 2C0 SO
Whisper to Tour Lady Love
SOMETHING NEW—SOMETHING FASCINATING
¦ \_ _
Ode to the Summer Girl
BY MARY E. WILKINS
This Is the First of a Series of Pull-Page Pictures, With Catchy
Appreciations by Famous Authors, Which Are Just
as Good for the Bashful Swain as the
Ardent Suitor.
1 NEXT SUNDAY CALL I
Truth, Philosophy and a Laugh in Every Line of the "Letters Prom
a Self -Made Merchant to Hi3 Son," Called
Pastels in Pork No. 3
CHRIS COX'S STRANGE WONDERFUL CAREER OF A
CHINATOWN EXPERIENCES BLIND "CATTLE KING"
( YotxTI Simply Roar Over the Next \
* \
And There's a Splendid Masterpiece in Color, Made Especially
for Framing,
BRYSON'S- "LADY IN GREEN"Baer went to New York and disposed of
the remainder of the stuff. He returned
and divided the money with the others,
but they now assert he kept by far the
larger share.
The trio then started for Chicago, and
on the way Engvall was robbed of nearly
$400, he says, by the other two. He was
afraid to report the case, but swore he
would be revenged. He paid the debt by
confessing the whole crime after his ar
rest in Chicago, and but for that confes
sion he and Reinleln would probably have
been released after a time because there
was little positive evidence to connect
them with the crime.
The capture of the gang resulted from
the receipt of an anonymous letter by the
Los Angeles police, telling them to look
up Engvall In a Chicago hotel, and also
mentioning Reinlein. This letter was
turned over to detectives and the two
boys were taken into custody. The offi
cers secured a confession, first from Eng
vall, and then both boys told of Baer's
connection with" the crime. All that re
mained for the officers then to do was
to have them brought back to Los An
geles and two Los Angeles detectives
made the trip to Chicago to tret them.
They will be given a preliminary exam
ination in the police court here on. Tues
day.
We are selling agents for several foun
tain pens, including the "Waterman," the
"Swan" and the "Marshall," the best $1
fountain pen ever made. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. . •
Fountain Pens.
LOS ANGELES, July 12— Three
youths, hardly more than mer»
boys, only one of whom has at
tained his majority, are prisoners
In the Los Angeles city Jail, self
confessed thieve? t guilty of the biggest
diamond robbery ever committed in this
j city, and. despite their youth, they have
i expressed not the slightest regret for
their crime.
They were brought back from Chicago
a few days ago, where they were cap
tured more by accident than by the exer
cise of any great detective ability, al
though the police of half a dozen cities
had been on the lookout for them or their
booty for several months. The thieves are
certain to be sent to the penitentiary, but
it is doubtful If any large portion of the
515,000 worth of diamonds and jewelry
they stole will ever be recovered. It was
disposed of in various places, most of it
in New York, for much less than its real
value, and the proceeds have been spent
long sipce by the thieves.
Tne prisoners are William Baer. aged 21
years, the leader of the trio; John Eng
vall and Charles Reinleln, aged 20 years
and 18 years respectively. Although of
tender years, hardened criminals could
not appear to be less concerned as to the
consequences of their crime; in fact, they
are boastful of It The onlv feel-
Ing they have expressed is that of a de
sire for revenge, each against the others,
for each believes the others responsible
for his capture, and to them capture was
worse than the commission of the crime.
All were bellboys. It was while work
ing as such at Hotel Melrose, a fashion
able family hotel in this city, that the
opportunity was presented, and quickly
embraced, Jo commit the crime which
has given them the undesirable distinc
tion to "turning the largest trick" in a
criminal line that has engaged the atten
tion of the local Police Department in
many years.
They received their training in Chicago
and came here last September Just before
the beginning of the annual tourist rush
to California. They worked at various
hotels and finally secured employment at
the Melrose. Among the guests at the
house early In October was Mrs. I. D.
Webster, a wealthy widow, whose home
is in Brooklyn, N. Y., and who spends her
winters in California. She carried with
her diamonds and other Jewelry worth
nearly $20,000. nearly all of it being con
tained in a fancy jewel case made es
pecially for it. As a matter of precaution
she placed this case in the hotel safe
and took from it, from time to time, such
articles as she desired to use. Thus the
bellboys learned ot Its presence there and
of its contents.
CHANCE FOB THEFT.
Reinleln had been appointed night clerk
at the hotel, because he had.displayed un
usual ability in such work, and this ap
pointment was Just what the trio wanted
to complete their plan of securing Mrs.
Webster's Jewelry. Fortunately for them
she decided to go to Coronado and not
caring to take her diamonds with her left
them, as she thought. In the hotel safe. 5
"That was just the chance we wanted,"
said Reinlein in his confession. "We
knew we would have time to make a
get-away and no one would know' that
the stuff had been lifted. The night she
left the house. October 26. I was on the
night trick and I emptied that Jewel case
in a napkin and put the empty, case back
into the safe. We three got together and
decided to hide the stuff and then quit
one at a time, so that we would not be
suspected. We knew. that nothing would
he thought of it when we quit, for bell
boys quit such jobs every week. * As long
as the case was not opened, no one would
know of the robbery. The plan worked
Just as we thought it would and we then
shipped the stuff to New Orleans and
followed it there. We pawned a diamond
cluster worth $1000 for about 5200 to get
the coin we needed and then left here. I
don't know why they did not get after
us sooner, and if Baer had acted square
with us we wouldn't have been pinched.
He got more money out of the stuff than
he told us he got and when me and Eng
vall were caught we just told what he
had to do with it. If Engvall hadn't
got cold feet and hollered, they couldn't
have done nothing with us, but we're up
against it now."
It was not until the return of Mrs.
Webster from Coronado, nearly two
months after her departure, that the
robbery was discovered. Meantime sev
eral other persons had had access to the
safe and at first suspicion was not di
rected to the three boys who had com
mitted the crime. The accidental finding
of a diamond ring in a room In a. lodging
house occupied by them the night before
their departure led to their being sus
pected, but that was nearly three months
after the robbery.
FINDING OF DIAMONDS.
The ring was identified by Mrs. Web
ster. '¦ A few days later through the San
Francisco Police Department a diamond
cluster was recovered in that city, f Theso
t,wo pieces of Jewelry are all that have
been recovered, and the thieves admit
they do not know what became of the
balance. When they reached New Or
lae.ns they sold part of their plunder and
while Engvall and Relnlein remained in
that city, working at different hotels,
YOUNG CRIMINALS WHO STOLE THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS WORTH
OF DIAMONDS IN A LOS ANGELES HOTEL AND ARE NOW UN
FEARINGLY AWAITING THE ACTION OF THE LAW.
Hawaiian Legislature Adjourns.
HONOLULU. July 12.— The extra ses
sion of the legislature adjourned last
night t having completed the business for
which it had ' been called by Governor
Dole. ..
Child Crushed by a Train.
SAN JOSE, July 12.— Bernard, the 12
year-old son of F. B. Galloway of Gilroy,
while attempting to alight from a moving
freight train yesterday afternoon, fell un
derneath the wheels and received injuries
which necessitated the amputation of his
left leg below the knee and three fingers
of his right hand.
Despondent Prospector Ends Life.
'NEVADA CITY, July 12.— Word has
just reached here from Brandy City, a
mining camp in Sierra County, that
Charles Camp, a pioneer prospector, com
mitted suicide yesterday by , shooting
himself. Camp had been sick for a long
time and his prospects in the hills had
not paid. For several days he had been
despondent.
Marin County Pioneer Dead.
SAUSAL.ITO. July 11.— L. G. Arbjorn
sen, a pioneer resident of Marln County,
died here to-day after a long illness. For
many years he had been prominent In
business , and * social circles. He was
formerly a member of the Board of Town
Trustees and Superintendent of Streets.
He Is survived by a widow and three
children. The funeral will take place
Wednesday.
LOS ANGELES, July 12.— It is stated
on reliable authority that the Huntlngton-
Hellman street railway syndicate will, on
next Wednesday, assume control <jf all
the street railway lines in Los AngVes,
including the Los Angeles traction sys
tem.
The price paid for the traction system
Is stated as $1.7S5,0C0. The battle, which
was at Its height when $110,000 was paid
for a franchise on West Sixth street, will
thus have culminated In the consolidation
of all the street railway systems in Los
Angeles under one ownership.
It was definitely stated Saturday that
the Clark option on the traction com
pany's system was transferred to the
Huntington-Hellman syndicate before Fl.
E. Huntington left Los Angeles and that
the property will be transferred not later
than Wednesday.
The holdings of the Los Angeles Trac
tion Company, which include the Cali
fornia Pacific Railway with a trackage of
twenty miles, consists of forty-nine miles
of street track, together with power
houses, sub-station and rolling stock val
ued at almost $1,000,000. The gross earn
ings of the company last year amounted
to $270,763 and the net earnings were $115,
60). Most of the city franchises of. the
traction company run until 1944.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. July 12.—
Professor William Russell Dudley, of the
botany department at the University and
secretary' for the commissioners who have
in charge the preparation of the new Big
l>asin Park for public use, said to-day
that for various reasons the Park was not
yet ready to be opened, that on June 15
the commissioners had unanimously
passed a resolution to exclude campers
from the Big Basin this year, and that
Mrs. White, president of the Semper
virtns Club, was mistaken in her state
ment concerning campers. When asked
for a detailed statement of the facts Pro
ftssor Dudley replied:
"There Is not a great deal to be said,
as there Is no foundation in fact to the
?•ssential points In the complaint. Since
the adoption, on June 15, of the rejfula
:ion prohibiting- the camping: of pleasure
putlea In the California Redwood Park
v.\ account of danger from tire in the tim
ber on the eastern side of the Park during
ihe dry season of this year, no permits
whatever, except to Governor Pardee and
quests invited by him, have been piven
oat by the secretary, or by any lndivid
::. I member of the commission, so far as
J Prow.
"The commission itself, in accordance j
with its published plans, has since June j
:* directed an engineer and his assistants i
10 fix the prade of a road already sur- j
vryed ir.to the area of the Park where j
are assembled the finest of the trees; it
has also allowed a party of geologists, j
engagt-d in plotting the structure of the
rocks in the Santa Cruz range of moun
tains for the United States Geological '
Survey.. to camp in the Park for a week
In pursuit of their work.
"It is rxi'ected that other similar sur
veys In small parties, doing work of ac
tual use to the commission, will enter
tbfl Park in the future; but since the j
adoption of the above named regulation j
r>o primits have been granted by the com- J
mlssioners In favor of any general camp
ers. }frs. White, who has recently be-
D08M a member and the president of the
Pcmpervirens Club, has been greatly mis
informed by some person recently visiting
the Park."
Professor Dudley expressed his respect
for Mrs. White and her generous devo
tion several years ago to the work of in
tfrcstir.g the rx'ople of California in the
proposed purchase of the famous Cala
veras Sequela Grove by the United States.
The party of campers from the St, Mat
thew's School went into the Big Basin
early in June before the time of the com
missioners' meeting. Upon apftying for
permission to go in they received It under
the practice that* had prevailed since the
land was bought last September until the
middle of June, 15»i3, of permitting respon
t-!b!e parties and experienced campers in
e mall numbers to camp in the Park. They
were given a permit under the same con- I
ditions that prevailed when the President
of the Sempervirens Club was gladly
granted leave to camp in the Park with
a party some months previous at the time
of her first visit.
"There have been forest fires lately,"
he said, "extending over the ridge from
th«» little basin of Scott's creek to the
Waddell creek In the Big Basin. The
guardian and eight men had extreme dif
ficulty in keeping the flames from the
heavy timber of the Park. Only by work
ing day and night and by backfiring were
they able to bring it under control, and
that was after several acres across the
Park boundary line had been swept. Al
though there is fire raging along the San
I^orenzo district and In the Santa Cruz
forests there is no further danger to the
Park, the guardian having the assistance,
of five men all the time, and there being
a gang of lumbermen within call."
Professor Dudley said the basin will be
ready for campers during next year and
thereafter.
TIENTSIN. JuJy 12.— M. Lessar. the Rus
nia.il Minister, will leave Port Arthur on his
return to I'eit'.T.K r.n July 14.
Price Paid for the Traction
System Nearly Two
. Millions.
President of Sempervirens
Club, Ho Declares, Was
In Error.
Stanford Instructor
Speaks About Big
Basin Camps.
Huntington and Hellman
to Take Los Angeles
Roadsl
Three Youngsters Who Stole Jewels Worth
a Fortune. From the Room of a Guest in
a Southern California Hotel Await Trial
RAILWAY LINES
FOR SYNDICATE
PROFESSOR TELLS
OF REGULATIONS
YOUNG DIAMOND THIEVES BOAST
OF EARLY SUCCESSES IN CRIME
TnE SAX FR AN CISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 13, 1903.
5
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA Sadisg theatk
One Week— BEGINNING TO-NIGHT.
Matinees Wednesday and Saturday.
AMELIA BINGHAM
And Her Company. Presenting Haddon Cham-
bers' Powerful Play,
A MODERN
MAGDALEN
First Time Here— 300 Nights in New York.
Next Week— AMELIA BINGHAM in
"THE FRISKY MRS JOHNSON."
DeKolta; Bailey and Madison; Hodges
and Launchiaere; Cbarles Dickson
and Company; Mosher, Houghton
and Mosher; Young and De Voie;
Julian Bo*e, the Biograph and
LAST WEEK OF
MABEL McKINLEY,
Favorite Niece of the Late President
McKlnley.
Reserved Seats. 23c: Balcony, 10c; Box SeaU
and Opera Chairs, 60c.
CALIFORNIA
America's Greatest Tragedienne,
MISS
NANCE O'NEIL
FAREWELL WEEK. *~-
To-NIght. Tuesday and Wednesday Nights
and Saturday Matinee,
ROMEO AND JULIET
Thursday Night— "ELIZABETH."
Friday. Saturday and Sunday Nights—
"MACBETH."
Next— NEILL-MOROSCO COMPANY.
THE LUTZ BROTHERS and
HANLON'S PANTOMIME COMPANY.
tilth-Class Specialties Every Afternoon
and Evening In the Theater.
SEE .THE BOHEMIAN GLASSBLOWER.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
VISIT THE
Pound and One-Half Baby
AND HIS COMPANIONS
IN THE INFANT INCUBATORS.
THREE BABY TIGERS IN THE ZOO.
AMATEUR NIGHT THUR8DAY.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. 6c.
Sr&IERCES
fLZF FAVORITE
IRESCRIPTION
M FOR WEAK WOMEN.
CENTRALS
Market Street. NearJ^ghth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— LAST WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Favorite Comedian. k
JAMES CORRIGAN
In the Funniest ef All Farce Comedies,
MULDOOM'S PICNIC
Brimful of Amusing Specialties!
Songs, Dances, Medleys, Burlesques}
DDirCC Evening 10c to 50o
rniWCO Matinees 10c, 15c. 25a
Monday. July 20— MR. HERSCHEL. MAY-
ALL in a. Grand Spectacular Production o£
"FAUST. |T
GPAISLD8SSS&
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY. J
- r LAST SIX NIGHTS - -
N RAYM02TD AIH3 CATEUY T
And Our Superb New York Co. In
IN CENTRAL PARK |
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT
First Time In This City of the Famous Musical
Eccentricity,
I IN WALL_STREET 1
Secure Your Seats Now 25c, 80c.. T3c
FALLUBASTILE
(FRENCH NATIONAL CELEBRATION),
TUESDAY. JULY 14, 1903,
DAY AND NIGHT
AT THE_CHUTES.
LITERARY EXERCISES CONCERT!
FIREWORKS (MODERN) at 9 p. m.
\r GRAND BALL EVENINO.
ADMISSION 25c. Children 10c.
Literary Exercise* Afternoon. Begin at 1:30.
English Oration by Stephen V. Costello.
Patent* D °N' T FAIL TO
1 aiai/W , ee the beautiful
- COURT Lounjrinjr-
Ofi/S room, the EMPIRE
ailll PARLOR, the
*• \ PALM ROOM, the
iir^nn louis xv par.
liiailU LOR vxd la.
u . i DIES' WRITING
Hotels rqqm -
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
. S A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
I tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, tor both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for DUeasea ot th«
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its- own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRCNE. Aeents.
823 Market St.. 3. F. — (Send for Circulars.)
IA/. TV HESS.
KOTASY PUBLIC AHD ATTOa^SY-AT-LAW.
Tenth floor. Room 1010, Clau* Sprackala bids.
Telephon« Main 983.
Rtildence, 821 California «t.. b«loir PovaO.
BMidtac* Ttlepboat Jamta UOL . .
AMTJSEMENTS.
""Trvoussffi,
TO-NIGHT AND ALL. THI3 WEEK.
SATURDAY MATINEE.
Revival of the Great Comic Opera,
W A IN G ,
With EDWIN STEVENS In the Title Role.
Last week of one of the greatest hits at any
season.
CAMILLE D'ARVILLE
Will Open a Special Engagement • In Smith
and DoKoven's Masterpiece,
"The Highwayman"
At the flvoll on Monday. July 20.
EDWIN STEVENS as FOXY QUILLER.
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 50c. 75c
Telephone Bush 0.
To-night is the first time of a wonderful bill
That's all new from the start to the very last
thrill.
There's "Under the Red Globe" and the "Three
Musketeers,"
And you'll shake so with mirth that you'll
wind up with tears.
A
MAGNIFICENT
PRODUCTION
Literally Filled With New Songs, New Special-
ties, New Dances. New Surprises.
RESERVED SEATS— Nights, 25c, 50c. 75c.
Saturday and Sunday Matinees, 25c and aOc.
Children at Matinees, 10c and 25c.
ALCAZAJrSSr
Gen. Mgr.
TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK ONLY.
WHITE WHITTLESEY
And a Great Alcazar Cast in a Magnificent
Production of
THE PRISONER
OF ZENDA...
By Anthony Hope.
Evgs.,25c to 75c; Mat.Thurs. & Sat.,15c to 50c.
Next Monday— MR. WHITTLESEY In the First
Stock Presentation of
Hall Calne's Great Play,
•"The manxman."
Seventh and Market Sta.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENINO.
POLITE VAUDEVILLE.
The Great Zano; Robinson and Grant;
The Thuietons; The Carls; The
Three Kuhns; Krafft and Daley;
Harry and Carrie I/a Kola ; Clin-
ton Montgomery and the Bioscope.
PRICES— Night. 25c. 20c, 15c, 10c; Matinees.
20c and IQc.^ \
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 per -Year.
ADVEBTISEMZNTS.
The Tyfold Collar
The picture shows how the
collar is cut out on each side
to allow for adjusting a neck
tie without springing the col-
lar open. The collar comes
close together in front, it keeps
the tie in place and you don't
see the cut-out part. Besides
the tie is retained just over the
button, which is also kept out of fight.
Your summer comfort will be increased
if you wear one, and you'll thank us
for the style. Dealers sell them.
Cluett Brand, 25c each
Arrow Brand, 1 5c each
Cluett, Pcabody & Co.
Tor *cr*«. T5orn«, Rc*l<l«, /^******JjBl
I'It*. R:nr<rorni, Tetter, J^ Vjl H
inRl*i!i».»n(Uii"liiuay/l 1 M
Erupuos»-«*e /T \ TW*f * I K
HEISKELL'S 8
— Ointment n
Thfy *:i yield to iu magtrtii tnflm^v^ nathe H
tb» ¦ Mh^tKl part, usinjf Hniktll't Soap, mrtt H
aod niornin«. ¦r>ply Jlrttkcll's Ointnx-nt. and 5
rarc^o.J<m»;uafpw<lay*. AtalldrntS^USuo. M
ixna ; or free hook of testimonials. B
•JOHNSTON, HOLLOWAY 4. CO. fl
.CUTUERJf*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HALF=PRICE OFFER CLOSING!
flf Ittlill'' 11$ "iU II Y ! lt@§==i ou rea^ ze t^ iat y° u arc l ett i n £ one of the greatest of book
l|]L^[l(|llWU)W\ yffig^^r opportunities slip out of your grasp ? For several months this of-
»ll A 1 1 ((i (PrU II I «i(taj * cr as k ecn °P en » but now the end is in sight. It has resulted in
\m mI M\ ' 'fo iiV iV)f^^ i the sa^ e °f' hundreds of carloads of that greatest of all reference
filili H The Encyclopaedia Britannica
lliljt.fi' bIi ' Il5i II.4-II : llll^^^ := *
|| ipSUL fijfjf which has been- offered direct to readers by the American News-
W- ilWBtl^HI iSim paper Association. On account of this Association's large adver-
' (trl if » [ki'l^l f fijl tising facilities it has been enabled to offer whole editions of Brit-
lillb l| P*4) ft % 000 annica at a price less than one-half that asked by the publishers,
(I-sMJi f[(-^[f5-((4rtf (I an(^ on payments amounting to only
rIpo I IB Ten cnts a Day
|4| {((•fiflM * if Think of it! A three million dollar library for ten cents a
filZlF IlL-fl^fllJLff " a^' an(^ P r °c ura ble by deposit of the first dollar ! It is no wonder
. | mu. V\ W*\ | that the demand has been enormous and record-breaking. Now
|u. j| I (| ->r HSrf ff-^- (f IJ^^S the end of this great offer is in sight. The remaining sets are only
[(•^l iP'Ifipj 'fflpll S hkely that you will get Britannica some time. It has
fit #|i)(I«'[|z| t in§s0^ come to be almost as much a necessity in the home as the Bible.
|l| *| H I Ifalif Then w hy not get it now?
IHltlCf ||M • Its 31 Splendid Volumes
IpJi )) ')/-)) Jjm. *mzl§M will provide you with a wealth of good reading and study the year
|4| ||4[(j';([4t lllili around. Summer or Winter you will come to Britannica during
ifJ/F fltelrifet" ifiSii the i(llc hour. You will therefore find it true economy to get it
n n i 11 It ill 11 f W&02L now — just as many people lay in next season's coal — while the
' )/ j;/ 1^*)) * A m wVff%ZZ&&i A man's buccpss i« largely due t/> his ability to learn things and to put
''-i- 1 {(f-i-l Si-ill 'M\t?%Zp what he knows Into practice. If the Encyclopaedia Britannic* can Klve you
Ik ' U'. 1 11 ' U° *\l T \\ _ Ihr \rap5J3 the living facts about any trade, profession or calling— teach you ironwork-
fl/. llValt . IU'<-U j fl 5 " TlJZzzZk inP- chemistry, engineering, science, philosophy or history — can you afford to
**" ¦ I I* pIR* 1 ; P0^^3 so without it. especially when you may now get it for a few cents a day? It
l)J_Ui; *)) lu .1 - *$ff™* contains the kind of knowledge that helps men to succeed.
(L-r lift fll4>(l' i ?//> \\ ~ Wi&zy&R Tnt ' Encyclopaedia Britannica is without a peer. It supplies just the sort
r^lltiJlll mIs'iII'mI iW 1^^^ of information the busy man needs from day to day. With its 25,000 pa^es
1 l¥i ill' u . )) )f 7n&%z£' teeminp with thought anil facts, written by 2000 of the ablest minds in the
¦iff* (li -•iMI^bf if 1 " lK^? world, it represents the highest sum total of human learning and research.
> l|) JU"* (Si\\^\V MI^^^A That is what critics mean when. they call it the one standard encyclopaedia.
Ifl'p I n |j^ Send the Inquiry Coupon TO-DAY
"^ 'If *^* ' ' iti liS^i tnr further particulars. But do not put off sending it a day longer, for ths
7* " 1 )) )) )) \iV(%Z?\ coupon below does not reserve a set; and the time limit is nearly over.
||ii^gH What Is Said of It
? TTffc^fRjJ2^fi^>/i^^^« "It is without a peer in the whole noble army of encyclopaedias."— iyman,
I i I jr^^3/T/?tCSA 'fctrb^^^^ Abbott D D. *
1 i^^?r^ WW '££y^^^ > ' '" rhe Encyclopaedia Britannica is kinp of its tribe."— Prof. David
(¦^l/f^Sf "rw~ tt^.arl&si&Z 2^^^« "It a" other hooks were destroyed, the Bible excepted. the world
U JjJ^^i^wjiraBefc^ki^^^^SlSS^^^^ would lose but littie of its Information." — Spurffeoa.
niwffi^H^^^^ I BOOKCASE FREE.
I /<^^i I. ill zL^lmMBtS£&^ a limited number of Bookcases wiU b« riven free of chaxr* to
'— ¦¦" | inl&g^"* Call reader* who respond promptly. The coupon below will be
known as the Bookcaia Coupon and should be mailed at once.
31 Massive Volumes. i >
!•,„• ,!,, t\%,nf onn Dnnnrlc Pr^Zr* Cut out * aA mall this Coupon to-day for particulars of our
Weight Over 200 POlindS. ' UfcdEr rreat oaox CaU reader*.
I I . 7-13-03.
31 Volumes in All. _ .. _ • . _. - ...
25 volumes Ninth Edition. The American Newspaper Association.
5 Volumes American Editions. Parrott Building;. San Francisco, Cal.
1 Volume Guide to Systematic — . , .
Readings of the whole work. Please send me free of Charge sample pages and full
— — ' particulars of your Encyclopaedia offer (Bookcase Cou-
/f%^ Secures This Entire Set ,„ . _ pon^.
WL "a of the * ''
fftl New 20th Centorj Edition Name .....'..Street .. :
B You can pay the balance T ntir _ Cmmtv *>tatf* s.
A at the rate of only 1 Oca lOWll V^Oliniy Oiaie m
day for a short time. O-AJLjIj BXJK.E^A-XJ.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Bun jffrattftgrol to look
/j^jjjjjjyrc*^^^^^^^^^^?_iz^ . -^~^Zl!^^^^i7i : ?B The Fashionable
r - 1 — :3TZ =^^^^^~2IZ^^^^ =: = r^^^S Private Address
i\^^r^ - " ¦ . ' - ' ~z^- _ Directory of
JKgllg=g===--- '— - __ == __ = L_ = — = = J JI|sa-. . California now
: - — —^ Being Compiled
Bysy^r^'^^^g'-^i^iwiwjaiiiii iMtfMJTnBsssMWIsMBsBBl * or " * : ! : :
PflB^wX^j^BBRjBflMSjgsiigKiTaJ^itiKg ¦ «<^HB^w.aPM^flMB»5s5^^SB^^SB^B^SMfcBMB^S^SBSl^BI T^vftTf Clrttf
pIto^BbI^^wh^^^r^^ jKffPBHBBH fa 1903 - 1004
yaollsiSflwf^tflBfflltffl^ Containing the
iwjffi^l^BKHHnJMnHUlflPHllin^HMiuMH I Lcsuing Famines
aiffiSsMEtfiaBHffsMBHBlm alphabetically
frjLj$3y3 *j**^y»Si2'ffi? /jBSr^T^awtSB^^^f «B Bl arranged In groups
g^Qj^^^gggJ^jj|^p3^Hj>Y^BB|isMMBjMMBHBfc^^^Bpw^HBBB|H matron and maid
BCTrBBSw^KBBytl^WHWilWBtTjssBrs^B^^^Ks^snKf^rog^B^BBBB^H^^B^B and benedict and
t^S^ro^HyjBwS"^ A IB 1 aBXB M t!^sm/3sliBBflHI^^H bachelor.
jmHraBM^KmHBBBBBSaQ^^lBV WgW/^St San Francises.
I Oakland. Alameda.
Eg£3g&*^#ffgJ5l^ Berkeley,
I SausallU.Belveaere
Wg^aSBtsSSKSSKUBmSSSS^Sm I SanJose.SanMateo
pycwoWj?|!t^"EyHcppWfgW#2|fB|CMflPBQrsi^M oocramento,
CTOmBJKlSMIi^k&aS^ Stockton,
Ka^S^^^^mS^S^^m^Snr^iVnSnivltl'^^''^^^^^^^^ Santa Cruz,
¦ RoM *•"*)*
BSBUBSfI M*«Ia Part
tt9Ainw?vnKT?»w) u>l LKaoXMH nBM memo ram,
fifcfffffcffag^ S«nU Barbara.
¦^^?^cxyr^ga^QRgJMfflSl Bl Pasadena,
H AlsoaClubDepart-
«|-TaiyKRj»^^y^*ti^CT<j^^oK^^Bg^gPl>wBBsswKB8Ef^BBMB»HMBsMB»aBi ment giving Offi-
|J^|ffBMaE18flW|lRmH|fcBCT cers Directors and
MgftM|ia|BaflKM Members.wlth
t&^4K»*«^*£ra8ijt8re their business ad-
&pM«WWi|l|lSTPMKllt1^ dresses; perman'nt
LTyaRjKasiia^^ guests ot the lead-
¥^iS^i^^9lS^^jB^^I^SS^^^BSiBSI(im/aUs^SSUBlBBa Fng hotels; person-
|^S!^'?^^IJ^H^^^I^g^^^PSwBMBHKMBBWB^^HB| diagrams of the
H^^^ G^nWnMHssnH I " treet » n . d avenue
Kj£|y>f5 k5«1xw?K B £ u5de Ki yi °E car
H " ne direct to my
F'T'^&^l&iySS^ffi.iCSjjft de sired number,
B * F^RICC S5*00
Adobes* Ail Communications to CHAS. C. HOAG, Publishem
-320 SAN8OMI ST.,: ROOMS. 47 TO OS:
THE E. D. BEATTIE PRINTING CO.
TELEPHONE MAIN 1T6O, y~ SAN HUNCIICOSKAT1LE. Wtsli.. July 12. — Hickey out
pitched Stovail to-day, allowing but six hits
and striking out ten men. The locals hit Sto
vall much harder than the score shows. The
batting and base running of Hurley was the
feature of the game. Attendance, 5000. Score.
R. H. E.
SenttN; 0 0 0 1 O 0 1 0 x— '£ 8 1
San Francisco ..»« 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 — 0 6 1
Batteries — Hickey and Stanley; Stovall and
Zearfoss. Umpire — Huston.
TACOMA, July 12.— The morning game
was a brilliant, hard-fought contest, with
dashes of sensational fielding, in which Lynch
and Fay were the star performers. The game
was anybody's until the eighth, when Byers
hit for two sacks, and, with two out. Fiannery
doubted and Fay singled, scoring two runs.
Both Blewett and Slagle were steady and ef
fective with men on bases.
In the afternoon Nichols had the Tigers at
his merry and would have scored a shut-out
except for a passed bull In the first inning
which allowed Lynch to score and Diesel's
wild throw In -the fourth allowing Byers to
score. Baker had nothing Spokane could not
hit and struck out nobody. The fielding of
both teams was very ragged. Spokane scoring
five unearned runs in the first Inning off one
clean hit and a bunt mixed with errors. At
tendance: Morning, 000; afternoon, 2400. Score:
First Game— R. H. E.
Spokane 0 0 10 0 0 0 0 0—1 » 2
Taeoma 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 x— 3 VI I
Batteries— Slagle and Zalusky; Blewett and
Byers.
Second Game — R. H. E.
Spokane ...:.... S 0 0 0 0 2 0 1 0—8 11 3
Taeoma 10010OO0 0—2 4 • &
Batteries — Nichols and Zalusky; Baker and
Bowers. Umpire — Mahaffey.
SALT LAKE, Utah, July 12.— The Senators
won from the Saints to-day in the best game
of the series. The locals had the game well In
hand up to the fourth Inning, when Lundblom
made a bad throw to Cook at third and thia
undoubtedly lost the game for the home team.'
Frary's fierce hit to Cook In the sixth, followed
by a clever steal and a long hit by Caiisch,
tied the score, and when Muller flew out to
center Carlsch reached third. Anderson made
an attempt to catch him, by a throw to Dona
hue at second, but the latter stopped to tag
Egan and Carisch came In with the winning
run.'- Attendance, 2000. Score:
R. H. E.
Salt take 2 0 0 10 0 0 0 0 — 3 5 3
Helena...'. »OO'.'O2OOi — 4 7 4
Batteries — Lundblom and Anderson; Wlggs
and Carlsch. Umpire— Coglan.
BUTTEJ Mont., July 12. — Loa Angeles broke
even with Butte in tho present series. The
game was a pitchers' battle up to the ninth,
when Dowling eased up and allowed four runs.
Attendance, 3000. Score:
Hickey Twirls in Great Form, Fan
ning Ten Batsmen.
McCLOSKEY'S MEN SHUT OUT.
Second game — r. h K.
Secttlfr 1000002 00 — 3 12 5
Oakland 1 0 1 004 1 0 0 — 7 10 1
Batteries — Drohan and Wilson; Lee and Gor
ton. ,.
Semi-finals — Smith and Allen (owe 15) v»
Whitney and Brady (3-6); Gayness and Lytton
(15) beat Foley and Bates (4-6). 6-1. 4-6. 6-4.
The semi-final match between Whitney
and Brady and Smith and Allen will be
played next Sunday at 12 o'clock. The
finals between the winner of this match
and Gayness^And Lytton will be played
at 2:30.
Twenty-one teams competed in the
handicap doubles tournament for the
challenge cups on the Golden Gate Park
courts yesterday. When time was called,
late in the afternoon, but three teams
were left to struggle for final honors. In
the lower half Stewart Gayne3S and Guy
Lytton worked their way Into the finals,
while in the upper half Will Allen and
Grant Smith will be opposed to Robert X.
Whitney and Jules Brady in the semi
finals. The winner of this match will
meet Lytton and Gayness next Sunday at
2:30 o'clock.
For a tournament of this kind there was
considerable more class than usual, and
most of the matches were very close and
interesting. Routh and Dunlau and the
Hotchklss brothers, the two scratch
teams, were beaten. Allen and Smith, the
most heavily handicapped team, playing
from 15 back of scratch, won both their
matches without losing a set. In their
match with Clarence Griffin and George
Janes, who received odds of "Vi of 15,"
Smith and Allen played great tennis and
won handily. The ponies had a lead of
3-1 in the first set, but their opponents
forced them away from the net and took
eight straight games.
Smith and Allen are the only team left
in the tournament with their names on
the cups. They won the trophies last
time and should they be succpssful Sun
day will be tied with the Hotchklss broth
ers, who have won them twice. Routh
and Dunlap have one win to their credit.
Following is the tournament by rounds:
Preliminary round — R. N* Whitney (3-6) beat
J. R. Lewis and Horace Mann (4-6). 6-3. 6-4;
L. C. Bozarth and Crooks (15 2-6) beat Burnett
and Schoeneman (15 4-6) by default: Hotch
klss i brothers (scratch) beat A. Beyfuss and
Harry Rolfe (4-6). 6-3. 6-2: Charles Dunlap
and Harry Routh (scratch) beat Long broth
ers (15 1-6). 13-11, 7-5; Norman Ambrose and
Miller Hotchkiss (2-6) beat H. Schlessinger
and Walter Smith (13). 6-3 6-4.
First round — Grant Smith and Will Allen
(owe 15) beat Robert Prolla and Charles Tel
ler (5-6). 6-3. 6-1; George Wanes and Clarence-
Grlfnn (3-6) beat C. C. Sayre and L. D. Rob
erts (15). «5-2, 0-7; Whitney and Brady <3-«)
beat M. ! Kdwards and Irving (15 3-6) 6-4
3-6. 6-4; Hotchklss brothers (scratch) beat Bo
zarth and Crooks (15 2-6). 8-4. 6-4; Ambrose
and Hcrtchkiss (2-ti) beat Routh and Dunlap
(scratch). 8-0. 3-6. 6-4; Gayness and Lytton
(15) beat Hamilton and Howell 1 1 5 3-6), 6-1,
6-3; Foley and Bates (4-ti) beat J M and
George Baker (3-6). 3-6 6-4. 8-6; C. S. sitaggs
and G. L. Hall (15 1-6) beat Myrtck and Mc-
Cullogh (15 3-6). 6-0. 6-1.
Second round — Smith and Allen (owe 15) beat
Grlffln and Janea (3-6). 6-3. 6-3; Whitney and
Brady (3-(i) beat Hotchkiss brothers (scratch),
7-5 4-6, 6-4; Gayness and Lytton (15) beat
Ambrose and Hotchkiss (2-6). 6-1. 6-4: Foley
and Bates (4-6) beat Skaggs and Hall (IS 1-6)
6-1. 4-0. 6-2.
EXCITING TENNIS
ON PARK COURTS
A great ' crowd attended Ingleside
Coursing Park yesterday and enjoyed one
of the best days of the season. The
hares were exceptionally strong and led
the dogs a hard chase on every occasion.
Prometheus showed remarkable game
ness, and with a score of 7 to 2 won the
deciding course, but not before there was
a battle royal with the quick and clever
General De Witt
One of the very exciting contests was
the one between Flora Belle and Valid,
the former scoring, 14 to 7.
Intruder ran game against Go On. the
course lasting three minutes and twenty
seven seconds. Idaho Boy and Advance
Guard battled for honors for two min
utes and three seconds, Idaho Boy prov
ing the victor. Another good contest was
between Red Pepper and Frisky Barbara.
Red Pepper proving the winner after a
hard run of two minutes and seven sec
onds. There was never a time when the
dogs had an easy course.
The results were as follows:
Ingleside Coursing Park, open ftake. second
round— Old Ironsides beat Bright Fortune. :t-2;
Slevenamon beat Patricia 4-0; Yukon beat
Pasha Pleasant 6-3; Real Pasha beat McIIen
ry 7-5; Young Fearless beat Rich Argosy, 7-1;
Sofala beat Lottie W, 4-3; Prometheus a bye;
Homer Boy beat Haddlngton. 7-5; Intruder
beat Go On 7-4 ; • Llllle Wright beat Mollle
Mack 4-2; Pure Pearl beat Whisky Hill. 2-1:
Pepper Jack beat Lady Chiqulta. 12-«; Flora
Belle beat Pullman Girl. 6-0; Valid a bye;
General Dewet beat Little Mercy. 5-1: Jack
Short a bye; Harlean Gladys a bye; Idaho Boy
beat Advance Guard, 12-9; Prompto beat Una,
6-3; Rob R beat Bonnie Hughie. 4-3; Clover
dale beat Conroy. 4-3; Red Pepper beat Frisky
Barbara. 14-7.
Third round — Old Ironsides beat Slevenamon.
9-5; Yukon beat Real Pa3ha. 4-2; Sofala beat
Young Fearless, 12-7; Prometheus beat Homer
Boy 5-4: LUlle Wright a bye; Pure Pearl beat
Pepper Jack 4-3; Flora Belle beat Valid. 14-7:
General Dewet beat Jack Short. 5-4; Harlean
Gladys beat Idaho Boy. 8-1: Prompto beat Rob
R 8-6; Cloverdale a bye.
Fourth round — Yukon beat Old Ironsides.
19-6; Prometheus beat Sofala. 5-0; Pure Pearl
beat Llllle Wright. 8-6; General Dewet beat
Flora Belle. 4-2: Harlean Gladys beat Promp
to. 4-2; Cloverdale a bye.
Fifth round — Prometheus beat Yukon. 5-0:
General Dewet beat Pure Pearl. 11-7; Clover
dale beat Harlean Gladys. S-2.
Sixth round — Prometheus beat Cloverdale.
7-2; General Dewet a bye.
Deciding course — Prometheus beat General
Dewet, 7-2.
Game Prometheus Wins De
ciding Course by Score
of 7 to 2.
Palo Alto at 1 0 to 1 Loses in
First Round to Mickey
Free.
It was a great crowd that filled the
grand stand and bettln? ring at Union
Park yesterday. The reopening of the
big coursing grounds saw many of the
old-time followers of the game picking
winners and incidentally tearing a ticket
on a loser or two.
To the players who cash only when tho
flag of a favorite Is raise-.! the stake will
go down in history as a profitable one.
Twenty-six trials were run. every one of
which was productive to trie talent, be
fore a choice failed to get the decision.
A. R. Curtis' Charta was the first to
break faith with the wise ones. Charta
has been a flag raiser on many occasions
and against Lady Granarrt the talent fig
ured her a good one to carry their money.
She carried it, but pat far enough to lose
it for keeps. The Lady, whose backers
got 5 to 1 for their coin, won the course
without much of a struggle.
Then came the top notcher. Palo Alto,
with a hard throwdown. Ten to one was
the price offered that he would beat
Mickey Free. It looked such an easy
thing that the pikers kept oft and luckily
for the moneyed men but few ticket*
were written.
Gearys champion set the pace and took
a three lengths' lead, but after scoring
five points was overcome by his chronic
disease, laziness, and let Mickey run up
six and beat him out.
Cascade against Reckless Acrobat,
Reno's beat of Lord Erazen at 3 to 1, Sil
ver Heels' win from Tralee Boy at 2 to 1
and Dom Pedro's victory of Benegade
Apache made up the half-dozen short
ends that were recorded.
Rector won the stake, taking final hon
ors from Silver Heels. The Curtis dog's
victory is all the more to his credit when
It Is considered that this was his first
time out since his inglorious defeat by
Real Article in the big John Grace cup
event in October last. Rector on that
day was a 1 to 7 favorite for the* course
and was heavily backed. He had his re
venge yesterday by beating Real Article
handily !n the third.
In going through the stake Rector made
his trials short and snappy and in the
final he was 1 to (> against Silver Heels.
Though he led in the runup and took the
turn. Rector's backers got quite a little
scare. Silver Heels joined in with a
chance to run up a score. She killed and
ended the course. Score 3 to 2.
Following are the day's results with
Judge John Grace's official scored:
Union tfourslng Park op^n stake, first round
— Rpal Article beat St. Conn. 12-3; Tillie It
beat Humming Bird. H-0: Liberator beat Lady
Oranarrt, l.'!-!<; Rector beat Full Moon, 5-'!;
Wattles beat lien Porter, 22-0; -Reno beat Lady
Menlo, 8-0; Lord ttrazon beat Golden Light.
ll-.'l; Fontenoy beat Topsy Turvey, s-i; Dear
Gaston beat Siaklyou. l."i-10: Ragged Actor
beat Ajtk1«* \V. 7-3: Master Rocket beat Tanke«
Boy, 3-2; John Keenan beat Tom Sayers. *-'-.
Cascade beat Queen's Motto. 1O-S: Reckless
Acrobat beat Medley. 7-.J; Firm Fellow beat
Concord Hoy, t<-4; Mountain Rose beat FenlJ.
tt-5; Otto beat Meddlesome. 5-0; Special a bye;
Pomona beat Vina, lo-C; Tobasco Hob beat
Lilac. «-5; Money Musk beat Flaunt. 4-1;
Viking beat Toronto. 5-4; Silver Hilla beat
Gay City, V2-0; Sacramento Boy a bye; Tralee
Boy beat Silver Cloud. 3-1; ill Amigo bt-at
Prairie Maid. 1S-6: L^dy Granard beat Charta.
10-4; Micky Free beat Palo Alto. «-5 Manhat
tan King beat Shadow. 9-3; Haphazard beat
Ruby Sankey, 6-0; Dom Pedro beat Renegad*
Apache, 8-ti; Earge beat Modest Beauty. Tt-2.
Second round — Real Article beat Tillie R.
16-10; Rector beat Liberator. 7-2; Reno beat
Wattles, 0-5: Lord Brazon beat Fontenoy. 5-J;
Ragged Actor beat Dear Gaston. 11-7: Master
Rocket beat John C Heenan. 5-O; Cascade beat
Reckless Acrobat. 4-2: Firm Fellow beat Otto.
«-l; Mountain Rose beat Special. 11-8; Po
mona beat Tobaa^o Bob. 6-0; Money Mwk
beat Viking. 3-1; Silver Heels beat Sacramento
Boy, !>-5: Tralee Boy beat Ml Amigo. »-.!:
i Mickey Free beat Lady Uranard. tt-1; Hap
hazard beat Manhattan King, 14-4; Barge beat
Dom Pedro. 8-7.
Third round — Rector beat Real Article. 3-2;
Reno beat Lord Brazon. 5-4: Master Rocket
beat Ragged Actor. 14-ti; Firm Fellow b**»
Cascade. 12-8; Mountain Rose beat Pomon^
10-2; Silver Heela beat Money Musk. 7-4:
Mickey Free beat Tralee Eoy. 4-1; Haphazard
beat Barge. 12-4.
Fourth round — Rector beat Reno, 9-2: Mastpr
Rocket beat Firm Fellow. 12-.I: Silver Heela
beat Mountain Rose. S-3; Tralee Boy beat Hap
hazard. S-3.
Fifth round — Rector beat Master Rocket. 8-1;
Silver Heels beat Tralee Boy. 0-6.
Deciding course — Rector beat Silver Heels.
3-2.
YACHTSMEN SAIL
IN UPPER BAY
AH the three yacht clubs having open
dates on their programmes for Saturday
and yesterday, many of the pleasure
craft with large parties on board, cruised
in the upper bay. W. G. Morrow's sloop
Challenger made Paradise Cove on Sat
urday night. Among the boats which
were cruising off the Marin County shore
yesterday were the flagship Thetis of th^e
San Francisco Yacht Club, accompanied
by the sloops Surprise, Ariel. Juanlta.
Curlew, the schooner White Wings, and
the big sloop Annie. The flagship Edna
of the Corinthian Yacht Club, with the
sloops Speedwell. Nellie. Xeptune and
Mischief, dropped anchor a little to the
south of El Campo. The flagship Idler
of the California Yacht Club, with the
schooner Zaza. the sloops Occident,
Thclma, and the yawl El Rayo, also
came to anchor in the same pretty cove.
The sloop Queen cruised up to McNear's
Landing. Other yachts under way were
the schooner Emerald, the yawl Nada.
the schooner Frances, the sloops Ivy,
Siren, and the yawl Frolic. The yacht
Sempenirens was also under sail In the
bay. F. A. Hyde's new launch Vladimir
was out yesterday for the second time.
A fine breeze was blowing off the Marin
shore, and the yachtsmen enjoyed a pleas
ant sail. The return trip was made on
the ebb tide, .the wind holding good
through Raccoon Straits. Off Sausallto
a few hard puffs were encountered. Some
of the amateur tars walked up to El
Campo and Joined In the dancing In the
pavilion. Commodore R. S. Bridgman of
the San Francisco Yacht Club had a
large party on board the sloop Thetla.
Vanderbilt's Alpha Wins Big Stake.
PARIS. July 11-Alfred Vanderbllfa
Alpha, ridden by the American jockey N.
Turner, won the Prix du President de la
Republlque, the principal event of to
day's race meeting at Mataens Lafltte.
worth $6400. His Marigold ran in the
same race but was unplaced. The French
President and Mme. Loubet, accompanied
by their suite, witnessed the race.
DENVER. July 12.— Roger W. Woodbury a
pioneer newspaperman and banker of this cltv
died to-dajr. a*»d C2. Mr. Woodbury wa» a
native of Franctstown. N. H.. and had b«en
a resident of Colorado for about thirty yaars.
He was one of the founders ot Um Dwv«r
Eve&Uu: TUnea. ;
Exciting Contests Are
Witnessed by Big
Crowd.
A. R. Curtis' Fast Cours
er Wins Union Park
Open Event.
STRONG HARES
AT INCLESIDE
STAKE HONORS
GO TO RECTOR
YACHTING, CRICKET, TENNIS, BASEBALL, COURSING, TARGET SHOOTING AND TURF NOTES
LIGHT IS POOR
AT SHELL MOUND
HARLEM JOCKEY
CLUB STAKES
Unfavorable Conditions
Affect Scores of
Marksmen.
Nominations for Nine
Events Close on
Wednesday.
Six Clubs Are Represented
in Regular Monthly
Contests.
Few Western Owners Intend
Shipping Stables to
Saratoga.
CHICAGO. July 12.— Nominations for
nine additional stakes of. the Harlem
Jockey Club close on Wednesday next. A
canvass cf the stables shows that fewer
Western owners intend shipping to Sara
toga than in years past, and In conse
quence the summer and fall racing in
Chicago is certain to be ot high grade.
So far as known, the only strings booked
for the East are those of John A. Drake,
Clay Brothers and Middleton & Jung
bluth.
Sixteen stakes will be decided during the
Harlem summer and fall meetings. Of
these seven closed in February. Nine
close on Wednesday, as follows: The
Tecumfen Handicap, one mile and three
eighths, $12,000 added; the Wood Handicap,
one mile and 100 yards, $1500 added: the
Prairie stake, eelling, one mile and an
eighth, $1500 added; the Cicero, gelling,
oj.e mile, $1500 added: the Speed, three
quarters of a mile. $1500 added: the Oak
Park Handicap, one mile and an eighth,
Jiy© added; the Sapling, half-mile, $1500
added: the Forward, seven-eighths of a
mile, $1500 added, and the Gold Steeple
chase, $1000 added.
The light was poor .on the ranges at
Shell Mound yesterday and the scores in
consequence were not quite up to the
average. Competition was brisk in all
events, nevertheless. The organizations
which held their regular monthly bulls
eye or medal contests were the Germanla
Schuetzen Club, San Francisco Schuetzen
Verein Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club,
Independent Rifles. Norddeutscher
Schuetzen Club and Company F, First
Infantry, National Guard of California.
The day's scores follow:
Germanla Schuetzen Club, monthly medal
Fhoot— First champion class, F. P. bchuster,
220- second champion class, N. Ahrens, —i;
first class, D. Salfleld, 204; second class, M.
Kolander. 218; third class. J. Buettler, 1CS;
best first shct, A. Gehret. 25: best last shot,
W. F. Blasse, 25. Competition shoot — A. G*h
ret 525. d. B. Faktor 222. II. Huber 208, N.
Ahrenfc 207.
San Francisco Pchuetzen \ ereln, monthly
medal ehoot — Champion class, highest score,
August Pape, 4S«i; champion class, medal, Her
man Huber 425; first class. Lieutenant David
Salfledd, 407: second class, not filled; third
class J de Wit, aO5; fourth class, J. Buettler,
370; best first shot, G. H. Bahrs, 24; beet last
shot. Otto Lemcke, 25.
Golden Gate l'.ille and Pistol Club, monthly
medal shoot: Pistol trophy— W. F. Blasse 80,
Dr. D. Smith SI. G. Armstrong 79. A. Thode «1.
M. Kolander 03. Re-entry match— W. C.
Prichard, »:<. 03. U2; G. Armstrong, 89. 85, 83,
M; W. F. Blasse. 6>5, £5. 83; Dr. D. Smith. 81.
Revolver trophy— S. C. Hlnkel 85, J. R. Trego
f>5 M. J. White Ml, F. Kruckel 73. Re-entry
match— P. A. Becker, »3. »1. fe»; J. W. Tomp
kins, 82; A. H. Pape. 8S. 87; F. Kruckel, 77.
77. 77; J. Kullman Ss, 83. Gold medal— M.
Kolander. 212. 211. 209. 212. 203, 205. 205; W.
Burkholder. 202 201. Medal bar» — M. Blasse.
214 2<>4 207 202. 213: G. Armstrong. 189. Club
trophy— A. Gehret 221. D. B. Faktor 218. O.
Bremer 210. M. Kolander 212. M. Blasse 207,
W. Burkholder 206. G. Armstrong 127, J. Kull
man ISO, M. J. White 161. Re-entry match—
C. M. Henderson. 218, 214. 215; X Gehret. 217,
217, 217; D. B. Faktor. 215: M. Kolander. 202.
Independent Rifles, monthly medal shoot — II.
Relnhardt 51 J. I>onovan :*5, C. Iverson *$.
Lieutenant H. tohlichtmann 45, II. Gaetjen
Jr 31. J. W Noudesha 4<i. Lieutenant J. H.
Kuhlke 4S. J. B. Kwlng <0. C. Herlng 34, II.
Kuhlke S3. L. Mayer 4(5. W. A. Smith 35, G.
K. Flicker 35. W. Wurzbark 43. Sergeant C.
Andrews 33. Sergeant U. Feyge 87.
Norddeutscher Sohuetzen Club, monthly
bullseye shoot— H. Hufoer 412, G. II. Bahrs 47i>,
Otto Lemoke CC5. John Gefken 1005. F. Kooh
11U1. F. P. Schuster 12S2. A. F. Meyer 1340,
W. F. Garms i:i55, David Salfleld 1443.
Company F, Fim Infantry. National Guard
of California, monthly medal shoot — Lieutenant
H. G. Stln.1t 44 Lieutenant J. A. McCarthy 45.
Sergeant Wilmarth .10, Sergeant C. Chester 4S,
Corporal V. Branch 32. Corporal J. Sevey S5,
C. WVhr 44. J« Salinger 21.. G. Slmmonds 10,
H. St. Clair 10. P. Fraupen 20, J. Dellex 14. P.
Molter 16. N. Waldsteln 2.". A. Robinson 6, Mu
sicion L. Cereghlno 41, Musician E. de Mar
tini 3.V
Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle Club, scores
made at bullseye Fhoot of July ."• and measured
last Friday — W. Siebe 11. Captain G. Larsen
22. H. MrKlnley 29, H. Windmuller 33>4. N.
J. Nelson 34, H. Kofod ."J9. F. J. Povey 44 L.
K. Murphy 44U,. II. Huber 45. W. Paulson SO,
J. Colby 01, A. P.amm 09. C. Gelrrine GO. R.
Mitchell «4. H. Puckhaber C4. H. Lange 64. G.
Fkinner C!>. P. Paulson CCi. H. Mackrle 70 L.
. Slehe 74, W. Guild 79. F. .W.. Dubols 82.
ALAMEDA TEAM
BEATS PACIFICS
Trunks, valises, dress suit cases, trav
eling rolls, pocket books, wrist bags, that
look good, are good and are cheap. - San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market street •
Trunks and Valises.
Alameda beat Pacific Cricket Team
yesterday in the Pennant match on the
ground at Webster street, Alameda, by
ki runs. The Pacific eleven went to the
wickets first, but only one batsman, E. T.
Langdak* (36). made any stand against
the bowling of Croll and Harold Ward,
who bowled unchanged throughout the
innings, the former capturing 7 wickets
for 43 runs and the latter taking 3 for 41
runs. The innings closed for 93 runs.
The Alameda team owed its victory to
the fine innings of Harold Ward, who run
up a total of 116 runs. Saunders contrib
uted 23 and Richter 17. Xo fewer than
eight of the Pacific eleven tried their
hands with the ball. W. Jamleson taking
3 wickets for 30 runs and Dr. O. N. Taylor
3 for 40 runs. The Pacific team went to
the wickets for the second time, scoring
93 runs for 5 wickets, but this score had
no effect on the result of the match.
The full details are shown below:
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB— FIRST INNINGS.
IL C. Casidy, b. Ward Jr 4
A. W. Wilding, b. Croll 0
E. T. Langdale, 1. b. w.. b. Croll 30
\V. Petherlck. b. Ward Jr 1
F. Bennlon, b. Croll -. . 1
C. C. Y. Williamson, st. Stahl, b. Croll.... 8
E. H. M. Lannowe, b. Croll 7
Dr. O. N. Taylor, b. Croll 0
W. G. Fortman. b. Ward Jr ::
J. J .Theobald, not out 4
W. Jamleegn. b. Crcll 8
Bye* 7
Tctai 93
Runs at the fall of each wicket — One for 14,
two for 10. three for 22. four for 25, five for 33,
six for 47, seven for 74* eight for 79, nine for
61. ten fjr U3.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler — Balle. Runs. Maid. Wick.
F. Croll »0 45 2 7
H. Ward Jr 1)0 41 2 S
ALAMEDA CRICKET CLUB.
F. A. Stahl. b. Taylor .• 3
F_ Croll, c. Fortman, b. Taylor 2
IL Ward Jr.. run out 118
J. H. Saunders, c. Bennlon. b. Taylor 23
W. J. Richter. c. Williamson, b. Casldy 10
F. Talmash. b. Jamleson o
F. Taylor, b. Jamleson o
C. Banner.- b. Casldy o
J. Bird. c. Williamson, b. Jamleson 9
G. S. MrCallum. c. Langdale, b. Wilding... 1
A. E. Acklom, not out 2
Bye* 4, wide 1 5
Total ....177
Runs at the fall of each wicket — One for 3,
two for 1*. three for 06 four for 132 five for
133. six for 133, seven for 140, eight for 160,
nine for ICti. ten for 177.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING. .
Bowler— Balls. Runs. Maid. "W'lck.
Dr. O. N. Taylor.. 60 40 0 .3
W. G. Fortmann... 24 17-0 0
C. C. Y. Williamson 30 7 0 0
H. C. Casldy GO 33 2 2
E. H. M. Lannowe. 24 20 0 0
F. Bennlon . . .- 24 20 O O
W. Jamleson 42 30 0 3
A. W. Wilding 12 5 0 1
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB— SECOND IN
IXNINGB.
W. Jamleson c. Richter, b. Acklom... 19
Dr. O. N. Taylor, b. Stahl : 10
F. Bennlon, c. and b. Acklom...- n
W. Petherlck. b. Stahl 8
H. C Castdy, not out 21
E. H. M. Lannowe. run out is
Byes 5
Total .....05
Runs at the fall of each wicket — One for 31,
two for 33. three for 49. four /or 63. five for 05.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler Balls. Runs. Maid Wick
J. H Saunders.... 24 24 I 0
F. A. Stahl 42 22 O 2
A. E Acklom 3<l 3fl O " 2
G. S. McCallum... 12 8 0 0
WASHINGTON PARK ENTRIES.
CHICAGO, July 12. — Washington Park's en
irie* for Monday are:
First race, elx furlongs, selling — Rainlana
106 General Steward 103, Mongore 103. Agnrie
Lewis la!, Nannie Hodge 103. Litsaway 102.
Soldier of Fortune 101. Sauerkraut 1O0. Ban
well 100. My Ester »7. Frank Carr 65.
Second race, six and a half furlongs — Golden
P.ule Il«, Runnels 112, Irene Undsey IO». The
Criyis »S. Elsie L 93. Aherta «3.
Third race, one mile — Bad News 112. Post
master Wright 110. Mary Glenn 106. Sid Silver
loa. Bondage 100, By Ways 05, Alrlirht »5.
Fourth race seven and a half furlongs. sell
ing—Balm of Gllead 110. The Kentuckian 110.
Travers 10S. Red Tip 10S. Ed Adack 107, Hot
Hi5 Alee 102. Orfeo 100. Barrtca 100, Lord
Touchwood »(i. Egg Nosk JM. Mezro *4.
Fifth race, one and a quarter miles, selling —
Boaster lOti. Vincennes 100. Prince Blazejs 102.
Captain Arnold 100. I^ady Chorister 10i». Little
Elkln-H7. Kunja BS, Lampoon »5.
s^ixth race, rive furlong* — Trompeuse 112.
Witchcraft 112, Shawana 10S. Badger Girl 10S.
Silk Maid 105 Susie Christian 105. Miss Mullie
100, Vallarambla 100. Grief 100, My Jane .100.
\VASI1I.\OTOX I'ARK SELECTION!*.
(By the Chicago Inter Ocean.)
Flrnt Race— Nannie Ilodsre, Ae»cl«-
J..-«i». Soldier of Fortune.
Second Race — Rannelo, Golden
Rule. Irene Llnd»ey.
Third Race Bondage, Dad Newn,
Mary Glenn.
Fourth Race — Travern. The Ken
tuckian, Mezxo.
Fifth Race— Ylneennex. Boanter,
Knnja.
MUli Race— Witchcraft. Mianana.
Tronipeune.
BRIGHTON BEACH ENTRIES.
N'EW YORK. July 12— Brighton Beach en
tn*-* for Monday are:
First race, elx furlongs, two-year-olds, sell
lnc — Ht>ney Bee 'M, Miss McKenna ft*, Ned.
Moore 1>K1 Tomcod 102, Sailor Knot «-1. El
ponot>o Iir2. Sir Wa.lt N» Fair Order 113, The
Bowery ltfJ. Excentrul 04. Flower 104.
Second race, Bt«*«>pl«-t-hase. fhort course, sell-
j ng — Gold Ray 132, Libretti II 140, Tankard
ISX, Highbee 1M, Fablus 15.1, Gasgar 14«.
I»rd Radnor 132, Walter Cleary 140, Your
Grace 14U. King Edward 132. Memorist l.iN.
Mat Harrison i:»0. Howard Gratz 14G. (Lord
Kadnor and Memorim. Laushlin entry.)
Third race, one and an eighth miles, handi
rap-Oom Paul I'M, lion Mot 121, Andy Wil
liam* US. Duke of Kendall 115 Setauket 115,
lJaley Green 113. Himself 112, Ahumuda 112,
Satire 110.
Fourth rare, five furlcngs. two-year-old
flllief. Thf Diftaff— Turquoise Blue 105. Sem
itic 11", Pirouette 110, IJrldle Path 105. Bel
dame 105. Komombo 105. The Ledy Kohe«la
1(15. L4da I>elb 1O.*>. Monsoon 105. (Bridle Path
and Heldame, Belmont entry.)
Firth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing—King Carter HU. Beverly 100, Postmaster
Bailey lt'O Loone MS, Flara U*, ¦Carroll D 10<J.
I>ark"l'lanet !W. The Rfgent 9S, Chicle S«, Ank
let M. Nodo S9.
Sixth race, eix furlongs, maiden three-y*ax-
V.ld flllie* — Boltna 1«KJ. Trtftesse 106, Julia Ar
thur JiMi. ThouKhtle** IO8, Bethel Gray 10*.
Vueen Boula 1<H5. Cappadore 106, Subdue 1<«.
halvau>ll& I'm; Pastoral ]">; Fair Rosalind 104,
1«"J, Effi> Sh"ii}*rd 100. Albany Girl 106,
Many Thar.k* IOC. Show Girt 106, Lady Knight
hood IOC. Nult Blancho 10rt.
IIIMCMTOY BEACH SELECTIONS.
<By the New Tork Telegraph.)
First Race— El Donoto, Sailor
Knot, i:\ccntral.
Second Race — Walter Cleary,
Tankard, Hlirble.
Third Race — Andy William*,
Dal*} Green, Doke of Kendall.
Fourth Race— Monnoon, I.Ida Lelb,
The Lady Robenia.
Fifth Race Flara, Xodo, Loonr.
Sixth Race-— Many Thanki, >nl
vutelln. Kffie Sheppard.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIP. July 12.— The entriei for Mon
day' p races are:
F"ir-Ft rare, four and a half furlongs, purse —
Bustler 107. Dale 111. Ingolthrift 110. Port
Warden 110. Dutty Miller 110, Fenian 110. Ad
h-rr.:ih 110. Tom Howe 107, Buck Wynne 110,
Lemon t 110. Glen Ej-hT 110. Potter 110.
Second nee. mix furlongs, selling — Cresrlda
!»•>. Lou Beach 88. Mint L«eaf 103, L»ella May
t»o ImTvtuous »3. l^ady Chariot 106, Maghoni
100. Kmma. Meyer «5. Blue Grass Girl 106,
Dolly Hayman K, Mistlc '.C, Kittle Cut a Dash
V5. Dolly Gray 98.
Third raf*. fire and a half furlong*, purse —
Wigwam 103, Bride 103. Council 10S. Orient 112.
Ty-t-fh 103 Jehane 105, Forehand 1US. Major
1'elham 115.
Fourth r»t». one mile and seventy yards,
purs* — nas d'Or 100. T«by Tosa 107. Maud
Gnnne 105.
Fifth race. seven furlongs, nelllng — Quicksll
mr Sue 87. Nabocklish l<o. Jake 103. Doeskin
1»7. Bengal 101. Mlsa Ooliirhtly 09. Jlmalong 111.
Orleans 104. Duela 67. Miss Mae Day 107.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing — Sarflian 91. Orpheum 8fl. Montana Peer
off &6. IMrateer 9*. Murmur S7. The Messenger
104. Virgie d'Or 103. Pyrrho 101.
rjELMAIl SELECTIO\9.
<By the New Tork Telegraph.)
Vint Umcf — In«oltbrlft, Fenian,
Battler.
Second Hare — Mlstlo, ImpetaoaH,
Maabonl.
Third Race— Forehand, Jehane,
Orient. 1
Fourth Rni'o — ThI» Tom, Ban
d'Or. Mundc Gonnr,
Fifth Kace Orleanw, Mr-nan I, .Minn
Msp Day.
Sixth Ilaee— The Meiiienger, Mur
mur. Orphean*.
AMERICAN YACHT SWAN
DEFEATS SWEDISH RACER
Captures First Prize in Class Four at
the International Regatta at
Copenhagen.
COPENHAGEN. July 12.— The regatta
of the Royal Yacht Club opened to-day
with fine, warm weather. Seventy yachts
representing Great Britain, Germany,
Scandinavia and America participated.
Robert W. Goeiefs yacht Swan won the
flret prize in class four, defeating the
well-known Swedish racer Khaki. The
course was twenty miles long. The
Swan's time was five hours 45 minutes
and 8 seconds, and the KhaTcf's six hours
J2 minutes and 12 eeconds.
Jockey Maher May Recover.
LONDON. July 12.— Danny Maher. the
American Jockey, who was injured in an
automobile accident Friday, passed a
restful day and the doctors are hopeful
of hi* recovery. The condition of his
chauffeur remains serious. King Edward
telegraphed asking after Maher's condi
tion.
THE SAN. FRAKCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 13, 1DO3.
ANGELS DROP ANOTHER ONE.
Portland Saves the Game by Fast,
Clever Fielding.
PORTLAND. Or.. July 12. — Portland took
the Rarno to-day from Los Angeles by fast
fielding at critical limes. Van ' Buren's run
ning left-handed catch of a long fly Into center
field and Anderson's left-banded stop of a hot
grounder were the features of the game. In
each case two men were on bases, but clever
fielding prevented a run and : retired the side*.
Hall was hit hard in the : first four innings,
but after that pitched 'a. good game. Shields
I uzzled the visitors fend on two occasions
et ruck out the batter when a man was on
third. Attendance. 5000. • Score:
*•*¦"* - ¦ • R TT P*
Ixia Angeles ...0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0— l' ~* 8* 4
Portland 1 0 0 10 0 0 1 x— 3 10 1
Batteries— Hall and Spies; Shields and Hess.
Umpire— L«vy: «
. SEATTLE. Wash.. July 12.— In the first
game to-day Seattle had it all her own way.
but five scattered hits and no " runs being
scored off Hughes,' who pitched In magnificent
form. " In < the second -game : Oakland won : in
the sixth through a combination ¦ of bunched
hit* and bases on balls. ¦ Score: ,, (
* First game— , , R. H.. E.
Seattle 3 10 4 0 0 0 1 x— 9 14 0
Oakland 0 0 0000000—0 5 5
Batteries — Hughes and Boettiger; Moski
man and Lohman.
San Francisco— Sacramento—
AB. R. H.P.A. AB. R. H.P.A.
Shay, ss. 4 0 13 4 Casey, 2b 3 2 2 4 4
Meany.rf 5 2 2 3 0 Hlldbd.lf 4 0 . 0 ± 0
Irwln. 3b 4 112 4 McLgn.rf 5 12 :r 0
Leahy, c 5 1 2 6 4 Egan, ss 4 1 1 0 \2
Pabst, Ib5 1 3 10 0 Twnsd.lb 4 0 2 15 1
Lynch. If 3 0 1 1 0,6helTn,3b 4 0 10 4
Krugr. cf 4 0 1 2 0 'Doyle, cf 4 1 1 1 1
Delms,2b 4 0 12 2|Hogan, c 4 0 0 2 0
Whalen.p 4 0 1 1 ; 2 Thomaa.p 4 0 0 0 2
Totals. 38 5 13 30 1CI Totals. 36 5 fl»27 14
•Game called in tenth with no one out.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento ..3 000 0,02 00 0 — 5
Base hits... 50 2 00 02 0 0 0 — !>
San Francisco. 2 0 0 O 300 00 0 — 5
Base hits... 3 2 1.0 4 1 0 1 0 1 — 13
SUMMARY.
Stolen baurs — Shay. Casey (2), McLaughlin,
Egan, Irwln, Leahy. Sheehan. Townsend. Er
rors — Hlldebrand. Delmae. Two-base hits —
Pabst (2), Whalen. First base on errors — Sac
ramento 1. First base on called balls — Off
Whalen, 3; oft Thomas, 3. Left on bases — San
Francisco 8,- Sacramento 5. Struck out — By
Whalen, 4. Hit by pitcher — Egan. Double
play — Townsend to Casey. Time of game-
Two hours. Umpire— O.'Connell. .
The morning engagement on the Oak
land prairie came to a stormy close at
the end of the tenth spasm, with a dead
lock as the result, the score being 5 to 5.
It was a great fight from the cry of "play
ball" till the last runner fell by the way
side in his journey to the home plate. A
big crowd was on hand to root, and
throughout the entire ten Innings there
was hardly a dull moment. The score:
Tie Game at Oakland.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento ...0 01 010000 1 — 3
Base hits 1 12210211 O— 11
San Francisco.. 0 1 O O 0 0 0 0 1 0 — 2
Pas e hits....l 100001111— G
SUMMARY.
Stolen basps— McLaughlln (3). Egan (3). Del
mas, Townsend. Errors — Irwln. Lynch, Shee
han, Egan. Two-base hits — Cutter, Egan,
Shay. Sacrifice hits — Hlldebrand, Meany, Mc-
Laughlln Sheehan. First base on errors — San
Francisco 1 Sacramento 1. First base on call
ed balls — Off Iberg 1. oft Cutter 5. Left on
bases — San Francisco 8 Sacramento S. Struck
out— By Iberg 4 by Cutter 1. Hit by pitcher
— McLaughlln (2). Double plays — Irwln to
Delmas; Doyle to Casey. Time of game — 2:00.
Umpire — O'Connell.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(Pacific Coast League.)
i W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
Lob Angeles.. M :!2 .flit Oakland ....42 5» .416
Sacramento ..f>4 39 .581 Seattle 33 63 .."KM5
San Fran 55 41 .573 Portland ....31 53 .30'J
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(Pacific National league.)
AV. I,. Pet. W. I,. Pet.
Butte 4* US .032 San Fran H'J 8» .500
Los Angeles. .47 .11 .l»0:J Taeoma 32 44 .420
Spokane 41! 83 .507 Helena 2H 45 ..'!S4
Seattle 42 .'14 .55. - S Salt Lake 4 8 .30.1
ONE little tally kept Mike Fisher
and his Senatorial gang from go
ing back to third place in the
merry chase after the pennant
yesterday. After ten vicious
rounds full of that real life and ginger
that make the game what it is the Sen
ators speezed Truck Egan through the
lines of the locals' defense, and all was
over. Mike Fisher was saved, and the
finish happened 3 to 2. After ten rounds
of battling on the Oakland diamond In
the morning the game broke up in a tie,
5 to 5.
A gala day throng was on the spot at
Eighth and Harrison streets when Um
pire O'Connell gave the high sign and
ushered in the game. And the crowd was
on its toes from the moment the first
ball was thrown. Such baseball has not
been seen here for ever so many moons,
and It is not likely that the fans will
have a chance of witnessing another per
formance of the kind for many more.
In the ninth round, with the game all
but over and every fanatic In the lot in
a fever of excitement, the home team
landed with a run, which tied the score.
Irwln, the first man up, was given a
chance on Truck Egan's error, the first
the Senators committed. Then Leahy
bunted along the third base line, Sheehan
grappled with the sphere, and in his anx
iety to make a double play threw badly
to second. I^eahy kept on running, but
was tagged out at the middle station
after a close play, Irwln going to third.
Pabst came along and lined the
leather at Egan. He fielded it and
threw it true to the rubber. But the
throw was a second late and Irwln
safely slid in with ' the run that tied,
while the multitude yelled and cheered
like mad. Delmas was the next man up.
He soaked one that was going right over
second, but Casey made a stab for it ana
got it Just in time to save the day for
the Senators.
Ham Iberg became careless for just an
Instant at the opening of the tenth and
he hit McLaughlln in the ribs. ' Egan
forced Mac at second. Then Townsend hit
to Irwln, who fumbled the ball long
enough to allow the runner to reach first.
At the next ball pitched, Egan and
Townsend started to work the double
steal.
Tommy Leahy lined the ball to second,
but the throw was low, Shay picked the
sphere up In a twinkling and shot it to
the plate. Egan was tearing along at
his fastest clip and he beat the ball out
by a foot. This was the last run of the
game, and it saved Mike Fisher from be
ing rudely hurled into third place.
But the locals died game. When their
turn came for hitting in the tenth they
fought every Inch of the way. Herr was
sent In to bat for Iberg and he was
passed. Shay hit to left and the crowd
nearly went wild. Meany forced Herr at
third and th£ next two men failed to
make Rood, s'o It was all over and the
game was Mike's.
Mike would have easily won without
the formality of going through an extra
inning had not Caaey become dopey on
the bases. In the third the bags were
loaded and but one man was out. Casey
was on third, and for just a single in
stant he dreamed, and while he was thus
engaged Leahy whipped, the ball down to
Irwln and caught Casey a yard off the
bag. Then again In the seventh Casey
was nailed in the same way. Each time It
• meant at least a run. The score:
San Francisco— Sacramento —
AB. K. H. P. A. AB. K. H. P. A.
Shay.s... 4 0 2 14 Cascy,2b 5 0 3 4 1
Moany.rf 4 0 110 Hlldbd.lf 4 0 1 3 0
Irwln.3b 5 10 3 7 MI.jr1n.rf 2 111 l
Ltahy.c. 5 0 0 5 3 Egan.e.. 4 112 3
Pabst.lb 3 1 0 13 1 Twnsd.lb 5 0 1 11 o
Lynch.lf 3 0 1 10 Shehn.r.b 4 0 13 3
/Crug. cf 4 0 2 2 0 Doyle.ef 4 0 t 5 1
Delms.2b 3 0 0 3 2 Grahm.c 4 0 1 1- 1
Iberg.p.. 3 0 0 13 Cutter.p. 4 11 0 5
•Herr 0 000 0 • '.
Totals 36 3 11 30 15
Totals 34 2 6 30 20
•Batted -for Iberg In -tenth inning. -
YOUNG BASEBALL PLAYER WHO WAS DISCOVERED BY MIKE FISHER IN THE NORTHERN PART OF THE
STATE A FEW MONTHS AGO, AND WHO HAS PROVEN VERY CLEVER IN THE GAMES HE HAS PAR
TICIPATED IN WITH THE SACRAMENTO TEAM. f
Both Teams Fight Stubbornly and Play Wonderful Ball.
Uncle's Followers Create Deadlock in Ninth Inning.
Morning Contest Gomes to a Close With Score Tied
SENATORS MAKE WHIRLWIND FINISH,
SCORING WINNING TALLY IN TENTH
The umpires were John Wilson and
James Wilson; referee. M. J. Tansey, and
scorer, John Partridge.
by Lyons (2). Degan, Theberge and Wil
liams, and for the Iroquois, Mlnto (3)
and Peterson.
The teams were lined up as follows:
Tecumsehs. Position. Iroquois
Gossip Goal a. II Jone»
Carrol Point Brennan
Degan Cover Point... McNaughton
Mcwunld First defense Burdon
J. J. Lyons........ Second defense Judge
Renwick '. • Center . , Peterson
Theberge '• hlrd home (None)
M. J. Lyons Second home Crilly
Williams..., Outside home F. Mlnto
M. Lyons Inside home . ...C. Mlnto
BISLEY. Enpr., July 12.— Funds have
been subscribed or are promised already
to enable a British team to go to the
United States, in 1904 to endeavor to win
back the Palma trophy. British riflemen
are delighted at this prompt action. It
Is stated that the Norwegians also will
send a team to the United States for next
year's match.
Will Try to Win Back the Trophy.
The California Lacrosse Association
played the fourth match of the present
series at the Presidio Athletic Grounds
yesterday afternoon In the presence of
about 1000 lovers of the sport. The con
lending clubs were the Tecumsehs and
the IroquoiB, the result being a victory
for the former team with a score of 5
,to 4. .
The game was by far the best of the
season, the playing being both fast and
brilliant. The goal keepers,; W. H. Gos
sip and A. H. Jones, carried off the hon
ors of the day, the latter making many
star plavs. . Burdon, Brennan and Mc-
Quald did fine work, playing good de
fense, prompt checking and making long
throws. Renwick as center showed fine
foot work. Degan . made long throws
and kept, the ball out of danger. Wil
liams,"as outside home, had many chances
to score but was wild in his stick work.
For the . Tecumsehs ¦, goals were scored
Tecumsehs Beat Iroquois at Presidio
Athletic Grounds in Exciting
and Brilliant Match. - ,
LOVERS OF LACROSSE
WITNESS FINE SPORT
R. H. E.
1^08 Angeles ....0 0010001 4 — 6- ti 4
Hutte . 0 0 0 0 10 0 0 0—1 - 8 4
Batteries — Strieklett ' and Hardy; Dowllns
and Swindell. Umpires — Hall and Roach.
6, OAKLAND, . July 12,— The quarterly
convention of the Alameda County Chris
tian Endeavor Union will be held in the
Pilgrim Congregational Church of East
Oakland on Saturday, August 15.
Christian Endeavor Convention.
COLUMBUS, O.; July 12— The Summer
meeting of the. Columbus Driving Asso
ciation, which begins to-morrow, is re
garded by horsemen here as practically
the opening of the Grand Circuit. Most
of the horses here will be taken directly
to Detroit at the close of the meeting.
There will be' five days of racing, four
races each day, and there will be' good
fields in every event. The purses aggre
gate more than $22,000.
Opening of the Grand Circuit.
SONORA, July 12.— S. S. Bradford one
or Tuolumne's foremost citizens, died last
night at 12 o'clock, at his residence here.
Bradford came to 8onora about thirty
five years ago and engaged in tho lumber
business, which he followed to the time
of his death, accumulating a fortune. He
was noted for his philanthropy and was
a director of the Tuolumne County Bank.
He was a native of Maine and 78 years
of age. He leaves a wife and two daugh
ters, Mrs. F. W. Street, wife of F. W.
Street, an attorney-at-Iaw, and president
of the Tuolumne County Bank, and Mrs.
C. R. Parsons of San Francisco.
Noted Tuolumne Citizen Dies.
Frank J. Morrissey, accused by the po
lice of this city of a most unique and dar
ing robbery, was arrested by the police of
Stockton yesterday. The capture makes
a story as interesting as that of the
crime Morrissey confesses to having com
mitted and was the result of a series of
events that makes it savor of fate. The
robber had accused another man of theft
and while making the complaint against
him was recognized and taken into cus
tody.
On June 18 Morrissey met Herman Nel
son, a farmhand from Fresno, near the
Cliff Ho'ise and Invited him to take a dip
In the surf. The two men walked about
four miles down the beach, stripped and
waded into the water. After a short
swim both returned to the shore and
while seated in the sand Morrissey struck
his companion on the head with a rock
and attempted to throw him into the
water. •
As soon as Nelson lost consciousness
Morrissey took his clothes, a gold watch
and $50 in coin and made his escape. The
robber left his own clothes behind. The
injured man was found by the life-sav
ing crew and was taken with a fractured
skull to the Receiving Hospital. Cir
culars were then issued by the police giv
ing Morrissey's description, but nothing
was heard of him until the news of his
arrest came last night.
Morrissey had been working at the
Smith ranch, a few miles north of L:ock
ton, since he committed the crime. Yes
terday morning a man who had formerly
worked on the ranch and whose place
Morrissey had taken appeared at the
place and demanded his position back. .
When this was denied him he entered
the bunkhouse and stole a number of per.
sonal effects, Morrissey's razor among
them. When the theft was discovered
the ranch hands went to town and re
ported the crime to the police and then
began searching for the thief. In the
meantime Officer Dutschke arrested the
petty larcenlst and went In search of the
ranch hands he wanted as witnesses.
Dutschke met them in the northern part
of the town and asked their names.
One answered "Frank Morrissey." He
then requested them to accompany him
to the station, where he looked through
the j files of "men wanted" and finally
came across Morrissey's photograph and
his description. When confronted with
these Morrissey acknowledged that he
was the man wanted.
Acting Chief John Martin is rejoicing
over Morrissey's arrest, j A few months
ago he was mixed up in an ugly affair
in the Mission district, but was acquitted
and escaped punishment. A detective will
be sent to Stockton to-day to bring the
prisoner here.
BOYS FIND MAN'S BODY
HANGING FROM RAFTER
Remains Believed to Be Those of
James Irwin, a Member of
Carpenters' Union.
Charles Dellemore of 2133 Lombard
street and Ed Lynch of 662 Linden avenue,
boys, went into a shed belonging to* C. A.
Warren, contractor, at Bay and Laguna
streets, yesterday morning and discovered
the body of a man hanging from a side
rafter. The man had tied a piece of hay
rope to the rafter and had wound It round
his neck, strangling himself. I
The Morgue was notified and Deputy
Coroner Meehan went for. the body. In
one of the pockets of the clothing Meehan
found i a union card of the carpenters*
union bearing the name James Irwin, is
sued in May last. The body was that of
a man about 47 years of age. The Build-
Church of St. Mary the Virgin, takes
the carpenters' union would be communi
cated with to ascertain If Irwin had been
a member. . V
'Tea growers and in Japan
have formed a powerful trust with a view
of pushing the tale of Japanese tea In for
eign countries, — >— — -
Cincinnati, Through Poor Fielding,
Loses Second Game of a Series
to New York.
NATIONAL, LEAGUE.
ST. LOUIS. Mo., July 12.— In a pretty ten
inning game to-day St. Louis won from the
Phillies by a score of 5 to 4. Timely hitting
by the locals won their game. Attendance
Ss9C2. The score:
R. H. E.
St. Loula 5 11 3
Philadelphia 4 11 1
Batteries — Murphy, Dunleavy and Ryan;
Fraper and Zimtner. Umpire — Moran.
CHICAGO, July 12. — All of the runs in to
day's game were scored In the third Inning.
Two doubles, two singles, three basen on balls
and an error gave six runs. Brooklyn's only
score resulted from two singles, a sacrifice and
a long fly to the outfleld. Attendance, 10,500.
Score :
R. H. E.
Chicago 6 6 1
Brooklyn 1 4 1
Batteries — Weimer and Kllng; Schmidt and
Ritter. Umpire — Johnstone.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, July 12.— The locals
played a poor fielding game to-day and lost
the second game of the series to New York.
The game was played between showers. In
the ninth inning Cincinnati had the bases full
and two men out. but Daly failed to get the
necessary hit. Attendance, 5800. Score:
R. "H. E.
Cincinnati 5 8 S
New York 0 13 ' 2
Batteries — Ewlng and Peltz; Taylor, Cronln
and Warner. Umpire— O" Day.
PHILLIES ABE DEFEATED
IN A TEN-INNING GAME
Negroes Beat a Sailor.
Martin Foley, a sailor on the monitor
Wyoming, was badly beaten by Lester
Mapp and Frank Thompson, two negroes,
in a Kearny street saloon last night.
There was some dispute during which
Thompson and his companion used brass
knuckles and the victim went to the hos
pital. Foley's "assailants were arrested
by Policemen A. E. Homes and C. W.
Brown and charged with assault with a
deadly weapon.
At Whakarewarewa, New Zealand,
there are geysers. Lot springs, boiling
pools, mud volcanoes and hot waterfalls.
Will Attend Convention.
Thomas P. Tierney and John O'Connell
were chosen as the San Francisco dele
gates to the national convention of letter
carriers to be held at Syracuse next Sep
tember. The election took place on Sat
urday night, after, which a musical and
literary programme was rendered and the
letter carriers passed a pleasant evening.
Probably the Dawson referred to in the
Seattle dispatch is R. F. Dawson, who
about a month ago left his home on Mis
sion street, telling his wife that it was
his Intention to go to Alaska.
The Rev. Mr. Dace at the Howard
street Methodist Church said last night
that he had been told that R. F. Dawson
had left for Alaska a month ago and that
his wife had gone Into the City and Coun
ty Hospital to undergo an operation.
SEATTLE. Wash.. July 12.— William
Dawpon, who says his home is in San
Francisco, but can give no further ac
count of himself, was picked up on the
streets at an early hour this morning, ap
parently demented. He was taken to the
City Jail and this afternoon removed to
the County Jail for safe keeping. He is
not at all violent, but his brain seems
muddled. There is no Indication that he
has been drinking.
Dawson is about 30 years old and neatly
dressed. In his pockets he had $180. He
was noticed this morning walking up afcd
down on First avenue with bent head,
covering the same ground time and again.
When finally accosted by the policeman
on the beat he could not even remember
his name. This and the fact that his
home was in San Francisco he appeared
to recall to-day, hut beyond that nothing
can be elicited from him.
The only William Dawson whose name
is in the directory was found last night at
614 Howard street. He had been missing
for about a month, having left his resi
dence in a most mysterious manner. A
fruitless inquiry was made in the city for
him and not until yesterday morning did
he return.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
NEVADA CITY. July 12.— L. I.. Gaff
ney, superintendent of the Downieville
Stage Company, has brought to town a
story of an exciting experience. He
states that while driving toward Nevada
City yesterday with many passengers,
and when between the Mountain House
and Nigger Tent, two large bears sprang
out of the brush just behind the vehicle.
Gaffney's attention was called to the fact
by the cries of the women passengers.
Glancing back the driver saw the cause.
Both bears were in pursuit of the stage
and close behind. The passengers had
no weapons, and as no treasure was be
ing carried Gaffney was not armed. The
only course left was to whip up the
horses and speed from danger. The bears
followed for half a mile and then disap
peared. —
Scarely a day passes when bears are
not seen on the road between here and
Downieville, but this is the first instance
where the animals have become so bold
as to pursue a stage.
THUG REVEALS
HIS IDENTITY
MAN WITH COIN
PUZZLES POLICE
BEARS PURSUE
CROWDED STAGE
By the sudden breaking of a front axle
on tireir locomobile Mr. and Mrs. William
V. Weber, residing at 1547 Sixth street,
West Berkeley, were pitched headlong out
of the machine while they were driving it
along San Pablo avenue, near. Fifty
eighth street, , this afternoon. "Mrs. Weber
fell heavily, on her right shoulder, which
was badly bruised. Her face was cut and
she suffered a severe dislocation '.' of ' the
left thumb. 5 The husband escaped with
nothing more than a shaking up. "That
the . Injuries were « not more serious \ was
due to the fact 'that Weber was running
the mobile quite slowly at - the time the
spill came. . —^__
Oakland. Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 12.
Mr. and Mrs. William Weber Hurt
f in an Accident on San Pablo
Avenue.
PITCH HEADLONG OUT
OF AN AUTOMOBILE
This evening Father King was the hon
ored guest at a reception tendered him In
St. Mary's Hall by his parishioners, who
surprised their pastor by presenting him
with a purse of . $3000. The presentation
was made by ex-Postmaster J. J. White,
who read a set of engrossed resolutions
from the parishioners, congratulating
Father, King upon reaching the lialf
century mark in his priesthood.
Archbishop Riordan, Vicar General Prender
gast, Father King, Father Kenelm Vaughn
and Fathers Yorke, Mulligan, J. B. McNaily
Br.. Heslin, PhilliDs, Vlubert. Cull. Scanlan,
Nugent. McGinty, Crowley, Caeey, Hopper,
Powers. O'Rlcrdan, Woods. Vltalis. Berxeretta,
O'Connell, O'Sulllvan, Lyons, . Morrison and
Cummlngs; Christian Brothers Agnon, Zeno
nian. Genebern, Victor, and Joseph: altar boys
— Francis Poherty, James Doling, Peter
Nlckola, James Coakley. Stanley Hess, Milton
Clune. Lyod Ferguson, Jamea Doherty, Joseph
Lavorel, William Bliss, Martin Webber. Ed
ward Doherty, Ray Faneuf, Francis Kelly.
Gustave Olson and George Cruz.
In the sanctuary during the celebration
of the high mass were the following
named:
venerable pastor of the Church of
Immaculate Conception, celebrated to-day
In honor of the fiftieth anniversary of the
ordination to the priesthood of the kindly
old clergyman, who is beloved by all who
are blessed with his acquaintance, irre
spective of creed or nationality.
Following the celebration of the solemn
high jubilee mass this morning was a
dinner to the visiting church dignitaries,
at which the aged priest was the recipi
ent of a purse of gold, a token from
his brethren in the church. The jubilee
festival was concluded this evening with
a reception to Father King, during which
a large purse of gold was presented to
him, the gift of his parishioners.
Because of his advanced years and for
fear that he was not strong enough to
intone the solemn high mass himself,
Father King delegated the office of cele
brant to the Rev. Father J. M. Gleason,
one of his young assistants. The priests
who assisted the celebrant all had been
at one time or another assistants to
Father King. They were the Rev. Father
Lawrence Serda, deacon; the Rev. Father
J. J. Cranwell, sub-deacon, and the Rev.
Father Thomas McSweeney, masfter of
ceremonies. During the service Father
King worshiped within the sanctuary on
the gospel side, of the altar. He knelt
at the right hand of Archbishop Rlor
dan, at whose left was the Rev.'
Father Kenelm Vaughan, brother to the
late Cardinal Vaughan of England.
Very Rev. J. J. Prendergast, vicar-gen
eral of the archdiocease, preached the
sermon, after reading the gospel of the
day, the eighth chapter of St. Mark, be
ginning with the first and ending with
the ninth verse, and which dealt with the
parable of the loaves and the fishes.
At the conclusion of the mass Ills Grace
Archbishop Riordan spoke brieflly, say
ing:
It must be a consolation to Father King to
look back over his fifty years of faithful stew
ardship in the service of the Lord. The priest's
greatest power lies In his fidelity to duty. He
must be rneek and humble like his Savior and
gentle to all. liy no other power could such a
congregation • as this be brought and held to
gether. Father King has been a gentle and
charitable priest. He has carried about with
him the teachings and attributes of his Mas
ter. May his life be spared for many more
years to bMM further promote God's word, and
when his time cornea to receive his reward
may he be given that crown of glory which
his Lord and Master Jesus Christ has promised
to all who serve him.
OAKLAND, July 12.— Impressive and
memorable was the jubilee of the
Rev. Father Michael King, the
Jubilee of the Rev. Michael King, Venerable Pastor,
Observed in Elaborate Manner.
EXISTS MORE
THAN CENTURY
Death of Old Resident.
OAKLAND, July 12.— William B. Mer
rill, a resident of Oakland for twenty-six
years, and formerly a manufacturer of
building brick, died to-day at his resi
dence 1443 Linden street, at the age of
77 yea'rs. A wife, Mrs. Martha J. Merrill,
and two children, the Rev. G. H. Merrill
and Adella Merrill, survive him. Mr. Mer
rill was a native of Connecticut.
OAKLAND. July 12.— Dr. J. I* Magnes.
a member of the faculty of Hebrew
Union College. Cincinnati, Ohio, is spend
ing his vacation with relatives In this
city. Dr. Magnes gained his degree of
doctor of philosophy at the University of
Heidelberg. ,".-.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, July 12.
At the age of 102 years and 5 months,
Miss Lavlna Wheeler passed away this
afternoon at 4 o'clock at her home, 1633
Grove street. Though she had lived in
two centuries and had been a participant
in historical events that have long since
been only of record In . the books. Miss
Wheeler retained possession of her mental
faculties to a marked degree. Last Feb
ruary this notable centenarian celebrated
the one hundred and second anniversary,
of her birth with a reception at the resi
dence of her sister-in-law, Mrs. Osgood
Wheeler, wife of the late Rev. Osgood
Wheeler, a brother of Miss Wheeler. For
several- months the aged woman had been
failing physically.
Miss Wheeler came of a long-lived fam
ily. She was born in Wayne County, N.
Y., February 4, 1S01. She was the third
of twelve children, all of whom lived to
an old age. Mrs. Eunice Crabtree, a sis
ter, of this city. Is the only blood kin in
this State. Their mother lived to the aga
of 93 years, and their father died at 75
years of age. Miss Wheeler in her early
life was a school teacher in her native
State and had many reminiscences of the
early days in the Empire State, where
her life was spent until 1875, when she
came to California with her brother, the
late Rev. Osgood Wheeler, at one time a
prominent Baptist clergyman. For a time
Miss Wheeler resided at Wheatland, com
ing to Oakland in 1881.
Miss Wheeler was a first cousin to John
Gould, the father of Jay Gould, the fam
ous Wall street broker. Before her phys
ical aliments enfeebled the aged woman,
she delighted in recounting stories of the
pioneer days In New York. She had lived
through the administration of every Pres
ident of the United States, except George
Washington. To her the war of 1812 was
a memory of childhood, and she had
grown to a mature age when the Mexi
can war occurred. All of her life Miss
Wheeler was devoted to the cause of re
ligion and she was a devout Christian.
Until "a very few years ago Miss Wheel
er took active interest In church affairs.
Sir William Allan contends that Britain
can build ships and bridges cheaper than
Germany, Belgium, France or America.
VENERABLE PRIEST, THE FIFTIETH ANNIVERSARY OF WHOSE CALL TO THE SERVICE OF THE CHURCH
WAS CELEBRATED YESTERDAY, PRELATE WHO PARTICIPATED IN THE CEREMONIES AND VIEW OF
THE THRONG THAT GATHERED AT THE CHURCH OF THE ' IMMACULATE CONCEPTION.
Grauman'B, Seventh and Market streets,
has a long list of attractions for th«
week. The Three Kuhns, Kraft and
Daley, Harry and George La Kola.
George Clifton, George W. Moore and
many others are on the programme.
The Chutes offers an entertaining pro
gramme this week and among other at
tractions will be found the Hanlon's Pan
tomime Company, Van Foasen and Mc-
Cauley, the Waldron Brothers, Marion
George, George W. Moore and a set of
new moving pictures.
Edwin Stevens will appear to-night and
the rest of the week In "Wang" at the
Tivoll Opera-house.
At Fischer's Theater there will be a
complete change of bill to-night, when
two burlesques, "Under the Red Globe"
and "The Three Musketeers," will be pre
sented for the first time here with new
scenery, costumes and original novelties.
The attraction to-night at the Central
Theater and for the rest of the week will
be the farce comedy. "Muldoon's Picnic,"
In which James Corrigan will conclude his
three weeks' starring engagement. -Con-
Ion and Ryder, the well-known comic
character actors, have been specially en
gaged for this production. r-* ;
• • •
A change has been made In Nance
O'Neil's arrangements at the California.
"Romeo and Juliet" will be given to
night, to-morrow and Wednesday nights
and at the Saturday matinee. A special
performance of "Elizabeth" will be given
Thursday night, while Saturday and Sun
day nights have been reserved for "Mac
beth."
"In Central Park" has only this week
to run at the Grand Opera-house, when
all its gorgeous costumes and scenery
and jingling songs will give place to an
other of the eccentric and merry musical
absurdities entitled "In Wall Street."
White Whittlesey will appear to-night
at the Alcazar Theater In 'The Prisoner
of Zenda," dramatized by Edward Rose
from Anthony Hope's famous novel.
Amelia Blngham will present at the
Columbia Theater for one week com
mencing this evening Haddon Cham
bers' powerful play, "A Modern Mag
dalen."
For a first encore Miss McKinley re
peated "Anona." a story of Arizona love,
that was such a decided success last
week. Then, when the immense throng
of spectators insisted that she, should
sing more, she gave the second verse of
the Indian ditty and retired amid great
applause.
The success of Miss McKinley does not
detract from the remainder of the bill.
On the programme are acts that are of
the artistic order. Manager ' Morrtsey
never secured a better aggregation of
talent. De Kolta is indeed a wizard. Ha
does not work alone on the stage, but
he walks among the spectators and mys
tifies them under their eyes. Hodges and
Launchmere. in comedy song and dance,
furnish the best of amusement. Their
"cat" duet is particularly clever and
something distinctively their owh. Bailey
and Madison are two rollicking: come
dians worth seeing any day.
Julian Rose, "our Hebrew friend," Is
just as popular as when he made his Ini
tial appearance. The beauty of his turn
Is that he changes his Jokes and stories,
and the monotony that accompanies a
great many hold-over acts Is missing.
Charles Dlckson and his company appear
in a pretty comedietta. "Heart to Heart
Talks." and their closing work, accom
panied by a song by Harry Goodwin,
won applause from every part of tho
house. Mosher. Houghton and Mosher
continue as acrobatic and comedy cy
clists, and Frank C. Young and Bessie
de Vole do a dancing turn that Is hard to
excel.
The audience cheered again for Miss
Mabel McKinley at the Orpheum last
night. The late President's niece opened
her second week In vaudeville yesterday,
and if success can be measured by the
welcome San Francisco has given her.
a brilliant future Is hers. She changed
her bill completely. Each number was
encored and the audience, called for
more. In her clear, full soprano voice
she rendered the waltz song from "Ro
meo and Juliet.'* Then she sang Chad
walck's "Danza." A third selection was
a dainty little Japanese love song, and
her exquisite Interpretation showed the
most tasteful cultivation.
under which a Normal School graduate
may enter the university and how much
•¦redit he will get. * This understanding
was arrived at after a conference be
tween a committee appointed by Presi
dent Wheeler and the presidents of the
Normal Schools. The result of the con
i". rence is embodied In the circular of to.
i:ay under the title of "The Relation of
\he Normal Schools to the University.'"
]? is as follows:
It is desirable that properly prepared gTa<J
¦u; '•¦* oj high Fchools who fine* completing
their hijjh school course have been under
;.-per instruction for two years 1n one of our
Male normal school* and have received th»
rcrn:al pcl:o':l diploma of graduation should
be ixrmitted to enter the university with
njvcmc c;«Jit.
Such credit may be given to tbe specially
re<i«»iiinrde<l graduates of any one of the
normal schools in which the instruction
U -f university grade; that is. Instruction (a)
<tirrlrd rn by teachers of university grade <b)
in cU.m-.-b made up entirely of high school
jrraivxtet-. (c) w!th proper scholastic equip
ment
Wr.»n all of these conditions have been com
pli -J Witts normal school graduates may be
j<rir.i:u-<i to enter the university with a ir.ax-
ISMta crcJ;t of thirty units.
So long as only one year of university credit
is riven for two years of normal school work,
the normal eohoole shall not be asked to make
any change in their (professional) courses by
way cf adjustment to the (general culture)
course of the university.
In lieu of inspection of normal school* by
university instructors, there shall be such oc
casional or stated conference as may be found
desirable between representatives cf the normal
schools and the university.
The credit granted in any given case shall
r.ot relieve the student of prescription 1n any
ceps.rtment of the university; but any de
partment may at its discretion accept any
trivea portion of the normal school work In
cluded v it!. in the thirty units of advance credit
as satisfying equivalent prescriptions in that
£er*rtment.
The university shall not be expected to make
any change in its admission requirements to
BMft the case of graduates of the normal
schools Any part of the university admis
sion requirements which may not have been
satisfactorily covered by a normal school grad
uate seeking advance credit shall be made up
by such «tudtnt before the granting of a de
gree. The question of a two-year course In
l^atin tn the normal schools shall b« consid
ered wish reference to Its value as a part of.
the professional training of these schools
To sum It all up, the university will not
accept Normal School graduates unless
their standard in instruction is raised,
ar.d the State Board of Education will not
grant cc-rtlncates unless the university
raises Its standard. In a few words, the
university and the Normal Schools must
improve their courses or the student will
have to go to both if he wants a teacher's
certificate. *
The men responsible for this new set of
rules are President Wheeler and Pro
fessors Irving Stringham, Frederick
Slate, W. A. Merrill, A. F. Lange. K. C.
Baboock and Elmer E. Brown of the unll
varsity, and M. E. Dally of the San Jose,
E. T. Pierce of the I»s Angeles, C. c'
Van Liew of the Chico, S. T. Black of the
San Diego and Frederic L. Burk of th«
San Francisco Normal Schools.
fo that they now outnumber the univer
sity's representatives. This increase was
brought about by the establishment of
• Normal Schools at Chlco, San Diego and
San Francisco", each of which is repre-
Ftnted on the State board.
The Normal Schools, having a majority
representation, proceeded to even up old
pcores with the university. And so the
first thing the majority did was to pass
a rule that the State board would not is»-
Fue any more teachers* certificates to
graduates of the university unless that
university added a course in practical
pedagogy to its curriculum. The univer
sity has always given its students the
best instruction In the theoretical knowl
edge of teaching, but very little practice.
The Norms! School people had been try
ing for a Ions time to force the univer
sity to put in a practice department, but
its minority was never able to do any
thing more than talk and storm.
Now the university will have to found
a practice department whether It will or
no. The new rule does not go into effect
until the year 1904, a delay which was
made in deference to the wishes of the
university. In the meantime the univer
sity will have to organize a practice de
partment, and it has already begun to
lcok around for a suitable place for it
and the necessary teachers to give in
struction.
The university is not altogether defeat
ed, however, by this latest turn, and it
has come out of the battle with a little
< r*-dit. It has succeeded in reaching a
definite understanding with the Normal
School people as to exactly the conditions
their numbers as representatives on the
Statp Roard of Education have increased.
The annual yuarrel between the Univer
sity of California and the State Normal
School authorities Is over, and out of
the smoke of strife looms another set of
rules designed to govern the education of
those young men and women who have
selected pedagogy for their profession.
These r.ew regulations appeared In clrcu-
But the advent of this circular does not
ten the whole story. The university has
l.ad its Inning for a long time, but now
comes the Normal Schools 1 turn. The
history of teaching in this State in the
higher branches is a history of clashes
between the university and Normal
School authorities. For a long time the
university had the upper hand. It out
numbered the Normal School representa
tion on the State Board of Education and
dictated terms. The university could de
rr.and any standard it wanted and always
pet it, but the Normal Schools were
forced to take what their rival was
j.'.t-ased to give them. All this led to a
friction, and the Normal School people
have not been willing to forget.
The Normal Schools' time to rule the
"oost has come. Within the last year
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
C14S Center Street, July 12.
Quarrel Among the Powers
Affects Educational
Interests.
Nance O'Neil Decides to
Vary Bill During the
Week.
University and Normal
Schools Draw Line
Tighter.
Mabel McKinley Is Yet
the Star at the
Orpheum.
MAKE IT HARD
FOR STUDENTS
GIFTED SINGER
STILL PLEASES
FIFTIETH ANNIVERSARY OF ORDINATION
OF BELOVED PRIEST JOYFULLY CELEBRATED
THE SAN FRANCISCO* CALL; MONDAY, JULY 13, 1903.
7
. ADVERTISEMENTS. --'¦"_.',.
@ ROASTS
::: &c^&>*. "^ good dinner sharpens
i^*iBa\^C?a wit and so/tens the heart"
'^^^y^^^i A good roast is the foundation
"' of a good dinner. Roasts are
/ifvfek ®B — fl* made good, delicious and ap-
18^ petizing if just touched up
xB|il^**^ with a teaspoonful of
LEA&FERR1NS'
SAUCE
THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE.
Add it to oyster stews, soups, fish, salads, chops, pot-au-feu,
meats hot or cold, game, rarebit, macaroni, etc.
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS, Agents, NEW YORK.
ADVERTISEMENTS. - • '^
Have you Indigestion?
Have you Sick Headaches?
Toko
Beecham's Pills
To avoid Indigestion
That distressed feell&s is simply a poorly-working stomach -it needs a little help— bo matter
bow bad it may be, a dose of Beecham'i Pills will tpeedily give relief. Tata
Beecham's Pill* for a few dayi and tbe trouble will disappear.
To euro Sick Hoadaohem
Blck headache* mean an overtaxed ttomaeh and a derangement of the digestive organs!
Beecham's Pills have proved themselves a boon for restoring that distressed feeling and
dlscomf ort. A dose will remove the lmTnndiaUi cause and If repeated for a few days will • ruble
yoor system to work normally. < , •
Sold Everywhere In Boxes, fOc. and 25c.THE SAN IBAKCISCO. CALL, MONDAY, JULY 13, 1903.
8
• HELP WASTEP-J-MALE — Con.
PACIFIC - PACIFIC
EMPLOYMENT EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY. AGENCY.
520 SACRAMENTO ST.
PHONE MAIN 1191. Cor. Leldesdorff St.
We shlo all over California; also ship to
Oregon. Washington. Nevada. Alaska. Ari-
zona- and Old ¦ Mexico. . .
We have bona fide Jobs In all the above
•mentioned States — No fakes.
> SPECIALS— TO SHIP TO-DAY.
FREE FARE— TO WILLITS— FEE $1.
On Cal. N. W. R. R. Co.'s Uklah Route.
25 laborers, teamsters and rockmen. $2 25
day; good water and board — Free Fare.
OREGON. FREE FARE. OREGON,
j 20 coal miners, 2 mines, good wages.
SENATOR CLARK'S NEW ROAD— BOSS
HERE TO-DAY.
15 rough carpenters— that's you— to build
concrete forms, long- Job. $82 50 and found.
; Part Free Fare — Balance Is Very Cheap.
Superintendent Is here to-day, come and see
him. for Diamond Match Company's private
X»- Tf -
FEE $1 • ' r -' ' FEE $1. *
25 2 . and 4 horse teamsters. $2 25 to $2 50
day; 25 laborers and muckers. $2 25 day; 25
men clear right of way. $2 25 day; 25 wood-
choppers, $2 25 day; 25 rockmen. $2 50 day;
SHIP TO-NIGHT. COME AND GO.
NEW SASH and DOOR FACTORY— NORTH
10 young, men to make themselves useful.
learn trade, chance to advance, cheap, fare,
a steady Job. $1 50 to $2 25 day.
FREE FARE— TO CASPAR— FEE SI.
BIG TUNNEL— IT'S NORTH.
150 laborers, teamsters, muckers and tunnel-
men, $2 to $2 75 day. Fee $1.
FREE FARE. FEE $1.
FEE $1. FREE FARE.
• 8. P. R. R. Co.'s Own Work.
We want 10CO men to work on section and
extra gangs all over the State — North, East
and South. Come and see us — we'll tell you
where.
SAWMILLS, ETC.
We want a full night crew for a circular
saw mill — Northeast.
10 laborers large mill. Humboldt County,
half fare. $40 and found; 20 laborers, large
mill, Humboldt County, chaap fare, $35 and
found; 10 laborers, large mill, northeast,
$1 50 day and found; 5 laborers, south, $35
and found; 2 spool tenders. Humboldt Coun-
ty, $50 to $70 and found; some see boss here.
MINES. TUNNELS, ETC.
100 miners all over the State, some 8 hours,
$2 50 to $3 day; 3 shaft miners, $90, 8 hours;
200 muckers, laborers and carmen, all over
State, $00 to $75; 2 furnacemen. mine north.
$65; 3 tunnelmen, $75; 3 muckers, $60, near
city, free fare: 3 muckers, $82 60, do some
drilling; G drillers, quarry. $45 and found.
MISCELLANEOUS.
10 trackmen R. R., near city, pay weekly, $2
day. board yourself; 10 laborers, new work.
$2 25~ day; 5 scraper teamsters. $52 50 and
found, north; 4 blacksmiths, country shops,
$2 50 to $3 day; 3 Iron molders, 9 hours,
$3 50 day; coremaker, city, $3 day; can cap-
per, $2 50 day, cannery: circular saw filer,
boss here, $3 to $4 day and found: 2 drag
sawyers, $60 and found; shingle sawyer. $(>u
and found; shingle packer, $35 and found;
wagonmaker. ranch, $45 and found; Jack-
man. $67 50.
FARMS. ETC.
6 farm hands, $30 and found: 3 men, hay
fields, $1 50 day and found: choreman, vine-
yard, $25 and found; 2 farmers, orchard. $30
and found; 3 milkers, $35 & $40 fd.; 3 farm-
ers and wives, $70 and found and $50 and
found; milker and wife, $50 and found; 2
choremen. $20 and found.
COOKS, ETC.
Chef cook, also a head waiter, first-class ho-
tel, north; cook, boarding-house, $45 and
found, one $40 and found; camp cook. $35
and found, one $60 and found; waiters, $25 to
$40 and found; dishwashers, etc.: fruit cook,
also a helper, cannery, $90 and $60.
For a good Job, a square deal and a free
list of Jobs, call and see us. the
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520 Sacramento st.
Phone Main 1191. Cor. LeldesdorfC st.
AT THE CAL. EMP. AGENCY.
59 Third St., near Call Bldg. Phone Bush 405.
FREE FARE. ,
S. P. R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK.
NEVADA AND UTAH.
500 laborers, $2 a day.
CHATSWORTH PARK TUNNEL.
10 timbermen, $2 50 a day.
10 saw and hatchet men. $2 50 a day.
10 caroenters' helpers, $2 50 a day.
12 carpenters. $3 50 a day.
' 10 tunnelmen. $3 a day.
10 drillers. $2 25 a day.
FREE FARE.
490 section hands all parts of California.
FREE FARE" ON CAL. NORTHWESTERN.
10 teamsters and laborers, $2 25.
WILLITS. UKIAH.
. HUMBOLDT COUNTY.
FARE ADVANCED.
20 lumber pliers. $35 and board.
12 laborers, $35 and board.
1 edgerman. $S0 and board.
COAL' MINERS. FREE FARE.
OREGON. FAMILIES SHIPPED FREE.
23 coal miners, $3 to $5 a day.
FREE FARE TO TUOLUMNE COUNTY.
10 lumber handlers and laborers, $35 and
board up; ship dally.
" CASPAR. MEXDOCINO CO.
10 tunnelmen, $2 75 a day.
10 teamsters and muckers. $2 25 a day.
12 laborers, mill and yard men, for lumber
company, $30 to $40 a month and board.
FREE FARE MONDAY.
Blacksmith helper, shoeing, $2 50 a day.
Man and wife, private place, care of horse
tnrt cow and cooking. $50.
:AL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 59 Third st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; ye pay express _>r
mall charges. 11 Third St., Examiner bldg.
WANTEL-— For the U. & Marine Corps, able-bod-
led, unmarried men, between 21 and 35; good
character; must speak, read and write Eng-
lish; marines serve at sea on men-of-war in
all parts of the world, on land In oar Island
possessions, and at caval stations In the
United States. Apply at recruiting office. 40
Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.: 222V* N. Main
st.. Los Angeles. Cal.. and 401 K at,, Sacra-
mento. Cat.
WANTED — Laborers, drillers, rockmen and.
rough carpenters for ditch and flume work.
Apply at office, Placervllle. Cal.. or room 14,
26 Montgomery st., San Francisco Construc-
tion Co.
PICK hops In August: enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for men, women and
children. Call or write to E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery st.. San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
months to complete and secure positions;
catalogue and full particulars mailed free.
Moler System Barber College. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
ruiis Denver House. 217 Third St.; 130 large
rooms: 26c per night: $1 00 to $3 per weeic
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. . HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
S0O MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
50c up; sollns cheap. 923 Howard St.. nr. Sth.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade: cata-
logue. 6. F. Barber College. 741 A Howard.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo.H.Thomas Po«t.O.A.R.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half-
price.t563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar^
ket— TOO rooms. 85c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
IB pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
60 HEAD of fresh dairy cows for sale at $70
per head. Address THOS. A. McCOY. Gon-
lales. Monterey Co.. Cal.
ON account of going- to build, entire stock of
wagons, buggies and harness must be sold at
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia sts.
SADDLE horses, 3 roadsters. 2 large pair draft
horses: cheap.- ' McCUE. Corte Madera.
SURREYS, buggies and carts cheap at 100
Golden Gate ave.
TWO business horses and one camping wagon
for sale; cheap. 738 Folsom at.
RARE chance; 7 good horses; must be sold.
827 Sixth st. ._¦_¦
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
.and gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let: send for
circular. O.H.UMBSEN * CO.. 14 Montgomery
SFCOND.- between South Park and Bryant 7
rooms each, or four flats 3 and 4 rooms each
Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO.. Real Estate
Agents. 630 Market st.
BAKER. 2118. cor. Jackson— A nicely furnished
corner house; 11 rms.. bath. basement; stable;
choice location for a doctor; $75 per month.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN ft HOWELL. 25 Post at.
l_ : ¦ UVKRY STABLES. —
'- OMKINSON'8 livery stables, 87-59-61 Minna
St.. bet. 1st and 2d— Vehicles of every de-
Ecrlptlon for hire at most reasonable rates;
cut rates for strangers. Telephone Mala 153.
HELP WACTED— MALE-^CoB.^
7 A M. TO-DAY.
MONDAY.
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st;-
PHONE MAIN 5848. PHONE MAIN 6843.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
WE KNOW NO DISTINCTION BETWEEN
MAN AND MAN.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1902 We Gave 1903 We'll GlT«
45.000 Men Work. 60.000 Men Work.
WE SHIP YOU FREE TO ONE,
FREE TO-DAY. FREE TO ALL.
Ogden. Utah. All Parts Nevada,
Los Angeles County, Santa Barbara,
Chatsworth Park. Hawaiian Islands,
Santa Susana, Oregon,
San Fernando. Washington,
Los Angeles County, Central America,
Arizona. Willlts. Uklah.
AND ALL POINTS NORTH. EAST. SOUTH.
( INCLUDING. OGDEN. UTAH.
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fence
builders, drillers, single, double and machine
men. corner and bench hands, muckers,
chuck tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, la-
borers, track men. cooks waiters, engineer*
blacksmiths, etc.. $5, $1.'$3 50, $3, $2 50 and
$2 a day
FREE FARE. FREE FARE. FREE FARB.
Everybody Talking Thousands Golnf.
ARE YOU? ARE YOU? ARE YOU?
MURRAY & READY.
J'<.;--> 634 and 636 Clay st.
EL DORADO COUNTY.
2 laborers, pile lumber, fare paid. $45 found.
HE IS HERE TO-DAY.
2 engineers, gold mine. $3 day.
Watchman, gold mine. $2 75 day.
4 single and double hand miners. $S2 50.
TO ALASKA.
10 laborers. See us.
Big Sawmill North.
25 laborers, fare paid, go to-day, $30 to $S0
and found.
To Paradise — Boss Here.
55 teamsters, laborers. $75.
55 drillers and hammersmen. $75.
GOLD MINE. SOUTHEAST.
3 engineers, double cylinder, hoist, $3 day.
' 18 miners boss here $82 50.
BIG ICE PLANT NORTH.
25 laborers, no experience wanted. $S5 month.
5 YOUNG MEN. SPECIAL JOB. $75.
OREGON— FREE FARE.
2B coal miners. *.'! to $5 day.
TO LOS ANGELES— R. R. FARE PAID.
S5 rough carpenters manager here. $105.
FREE FARE FOR* SOUTHERN PACIFIC
RAILROAD.
1C5 laborers, etc.. different divisions, includ-
ing Santa Barbara. San Luis Oblspo. Milton.
Farmlngton. Gllroy. Los Gatos.
TO OREGON.
26 laborers for a good mine, you'll suit. $75.
GOLD AND SILVER.
COPPER AND COAL.
116 miners single and double hand, some 8
hours, $S3, $90.
lti timbermen, different jobs, $90.
105 muckers, different Job3. $75.
364 laborers no experience required. $60. (
TO QUARRIES AND TUNNELS.
265 drillers and hammersmen, $75. $85.
3t(4 laborers, no experience required. $60,
$67 50. ,
LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS.
555 laborers for all classes of work, includ-
ing factories, excavating, buildings, mills,
etc., $2 60 and $2 day, located In San Fran-
cisco and all Darts of California.
TO HAY AND HARVEST FIELDS.
164 hay and harvest hands, $1 50, $1 75, l'£
and $2 «">o a day.
TO ORCHARDS AND VINEYARDS.
203 general hands. 15 fruit pickers, $30 and
$35 and found.
TO DAIRIES AND HAY BALERS. .
96 milkers, butter and cheese makers, $30,
$40 and $5<) and found,
lti hay balers, 20c to 25c ton.
STABLES AND PRIVATE RESIDENCES.
Ki stablemen, city and country Jobs, $75, $70
and $U0.
20 choremen, $40. $.15. $30 ami $25 and found.
MEN AND WIVES.
Farmer and wife, Sonoma County, $43 and
found; 10 farmers and wives, different Jobs,
$70, $iio, $50 and found.
4 cooks and wives, hotels, mines, sawmills,
etc.. $85. $t>0. $50 and found.
504 WOODCHOPPERS. TIEMAKERS.
Post, picket and shakes, also shingle bolt
maker?,'
MECHANICAL HELP.
84 blacksmiths and helpers, city and coun-
try. $3 50. $3, $2 50. $2 day. /
0 wagon and carriage makers, $3 50, $3 day.
12 carpenters, city and country Jobs, $4,
$3 50, $3 day.
!• machinists for wineries and sawmills, free
fare, $50 and found.
15 eooDera, lie: 5 carriage painters, $90; 6
brick molders. $3 50 day; plasterers, $5 50;
structural Iron workers.
12 bench hands and paperers, fare $1, $2 25
to S3 50 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT, ETC.
57 cooks, all over California, $90. $80. $75,
$t>0, $50. $40, $35 and found, for hotels,
mines, sawmills, camps, ranches, cafes, res-
taurants, saloons, harvest outfits, etc.^ , *
15 waiters, $:*5, $40, $30 and found.
o<> pot and dish washers, $35, $30, $20 & fd.
18 bell and elevator boys, porters, bed-
makers. $30 to $15 and found.*-
12 laundrymen, all. classes, $18 week up.
-« bakers and helpers. $35. $40, $30 and found.
Walter and dishwasher, same camp, $35 fd.
12 boys learn trades.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
YOUR FARE PAID
TO 89 SAWMILLS.
WOODS, YARDS. ETC.
YOUR FARE PAID.
Located In 4 States and 2 Territories.
SCO laborers without any experience, $35 to
$70 and found.
07 men for planiiwr mills. .
16 full day crews for woods and mills.
0 night crews for woods and mills.
12(5 men and boys for box factories, etc.
Wages $150. $1CO, $CO, $80. $70, $60, $30, $10
and found.
Everything from a swamper to an engineer.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MIDNIGHT ORDERS.
Porter, city saloon, $11 week.
Blacksmith, city camp. $50 -and found: bed-
maker, $-'i0 and. found.
Baker for Arisona. fare paid. $14 week fd.
Quarry foreman, -*75 and house.
Ratchet setter. Alles block, 25 M mill. $85.
2 foremen, excavating, city Job, $3 day.
(J laborers, free fare. 14 miles away, $60.
2 bakery wagon drivers, country. $25, $35 fd.
2 guards for a gold mine, boss here.
Tallyman, lumber company, boss here, $4 fd.
Cook. State hospital: plasterer, $5 50 day.>
MURRAY & READY. 634.(36 Clay stJ"
GOOD, strong boy about IS years old to work
in clove factory. \F. G. CONKLIN & CO..
413 Sacramento St.* .
BARBER. shop — Latest substantial furniture;
2 chairs steady and 1 extra; can be bought
extremely cheap for cash or on ' time pay-
ment. STOLTZ, 723 Market st.
PORTER wanted to carry out packages and
kcc{. store clean; must be a young man about
20 years of age. Apply after it a. m. at the
Stevenson-st. entrance, CIIAS. LYONS, Lon-
don Tailor. 721 Market st.
WANTED — Young man as an understudy to
an advertiser; must be a college graduate and
be a good grammarian; state age, experience,
If any, and salary expected. Apply Box 2299,
Call office. • • \ ¦ ¦
STEADY boy of good appearance about 16
years old w run errands and do other office
work; must live 'with parents: salary $20
to start. ¦ Address box 2545. Call.
TRY' our men's shoes, union made, at $1 per
pair, foot- form shoes at $2 50 or orthopedic
"shoes. $3 50; beat shoes on earth. 11 Third
st.. Examiner building. 5 doors from Market.
HEAD washer: must be first class. National
. Laundry, 411; Sanchez at.
MEN wanted to take contract cutting boilers.
Apply BERCOVICH. 5th and Webster. Oakld.
BARBERS — Good-paying 4-cliair shop in office
bldg; bargain. DECKELMAN. 106 Ellis st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third st.. Examiner b\ig.
lst-claes barber shop for sale; 3 chairs, 2 bath-
' rooms, laundry office. Ad. E.M.,Vacavllle,Cal.
LOST AXD FOUND.
tost a pass book with the Hibernia Savings
667. The finder will please return to bank.
Lost Parrot- wings slightly clipped. Retura
to 957 Mission st. ; $2 50 reward.
LOST— Small Irish terrier; male; collar: ears
and tall not cut; reward. 115 Halght st.
LOST Gordon setter bitch; scar on right side.
Return to 123 Henry st.; reward. ¦
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 22O Sutter st. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MEDICAL.
mr«? DR_ WY£*TH. specialist for all femala
wmpUlnts; install relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience. 729 Post st.. near Jones.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market st.. opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
m trouble consult thus specialist on f emal.
complaints: positively corrected, the unfor-
tunate helped: the most difficult cases treat-
ed; advice free. Office. 101S Market st.
DR. ROSEN. 2905 Folsom. cor. 28th— Ladles-
exclusive office and home where relief Is ob-
talned In all cases taken: consultation free.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1113 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist: a private home betore and during
confinement; best medical care: low rees.
MATERNITY Villa; strictly private. MR3.
DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
Drs. Goodwin 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
In obstetrics, female coma.: 25 yrs exper-nca.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERB3.
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs :^_
MISCELLANEOtS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
8700 FT. 4-in. screw pipe, per' foot 21
9.2SO ft. 34i-In. screw pipe, per foot.. .1»!^
10.1KW ft. 3^-In. screw pipe, per foot.. .15
8.000 ft. 2V»-in. screw pipe, per foot.. .ll>
7,200 ft. 1-ln. ecrew pipe, per foot .05
9.000 ft. *i-in. screw pipe, per foot... i04
10.000 ft. .'i-ln. screw pipe, per foot... .02*i
H. & WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. i:;0-132 Beale st.
ALL our goods delivered on first payment: you
can buy from us diamonds, watches, jewelry,
sealskins, men's tailor-made clothing, trunks,
suit cases, on a very small weekly payment;
no Interest charged; it will pay you to ex-
amine our goods and prices; established 1850.
LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25 Stockton St.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with Elaterite; in rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old,
Iron, tin or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
SECOND-HAND machinery, boilers, engines,
pumps, water pipe, bought, .sold, rented an-1'
exchanged. See Sunday's papers. H.S.WHITE
MACHINERY COMPANY. 130-132 Beale at.
A— FINE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 23S Kearny st..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— $3 60 DERBY and fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearay St.. near
Pine: open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear sC
MILES of pipe and fittings: all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
FOR sale — Cheap, good Cleveland bicycle. II
McAllister St.. room lft. .
MOVING picture film and song slides. 100
Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
A CO.. 122 Market st. -¦ ;
All bargains; camp stools & chairs, hammocks.
metal beds. mattresses.J.F.Hotter.712 Mission
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupi. 033 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches.
all slses. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg*y.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — Old pictures of George Washing-
ton. Jefferson, Adams. Napoleon, eta; high-
est prices paid; send name of engraver and
publisher on picture: by mall only. OEO.
L. GOODMAN. 21.S0 Sutter st.. San Francisco.
ENGINE wanted; 160 to 200 horsepower and 2
boilers from 80 to 100 horsepower each; state
lowest figure and where can be seen. Post-
offlce box 2086. San Francisco.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Jessla 233 1.
$5000 WORTH cast-off clothing wanted: highest
price paid. 322 Grant ave. ; tel. Red 3A32.
— — ~~* ~*** ~* — ' " ~ *— *~ *~™ *~* ~*~" ~^
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
eoi-602-603 Examiner building,
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter*
ests. assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE-. 103 Grant arfc.
LOANS FROM $1 to $10,000.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, ac
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84tl
Market St., tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chant.", teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments: largest business la
46 principal clttjs. Tolman. 533 Parrott bid*.
A — 1 per cent on *)niture or piano; no removal;
no commission; ao publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet. confldentliU. 28 Montgomery st..rm. 7.
AT cut rates on real" estate, furniture or piaao :
no commission. E. W. LICK. 1003 Mutual
Sav. Bk. bid.. 703 Market; phone Main 810.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried,
The TOUSLEY CO 143 Theian bldg. **
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones Douche
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
GOOD names; 1% on furniture. 2d mortgage;
any security. .".02 Montgomery St.. rm. 18.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal:
V. TREMAIN, room 81. (J Eddy St.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 638 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money ta
salaried employes. R. 311 Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORRSLL. 609 Examiner bldg.
3IUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A FEW snaps selected from 200; all reduced on
account of summer season for June. July:
S Chlckerlns $£8. $97. SIS5
2 Emerson $96, SllS
2 Heine $235. VK3
2 Stelnway. small A Urge uprtght.$lS5. $2S5
New pianos from i $137 up
25 Squares from $13 ua
Piano Players. $90 up; rents reduced to $j
op. apply on purchase; installments, one-
tenth down, two years l to pay balances
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary St.; tsL
Main 5744.
STEINWAY upright, left by private party.
$lt»; great bargain. 237 Geary st.
BUY your piano now and begin payment wh*a
you return from your vacation. By this
means you secure the benefit of our reduced
prices. Large stock, desirable goods and
easy payment. THE ZENO MAUVAJS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market at.
1 A FEW good upright pianos from $35 up In-
cluding Sterling. Marshall A Wendell. Hatnes.
German. Evevett..- v Sherwood & Jacobson and
Others: easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ A
SON. 16-20 O'Farrell. No branches In 8. F.
BAND Instruments; F. Besson. Parts, makerl
Gus Maiwald. Agt. Pae. Coast. 27S O'Farrell}
skillful repairing; 2d-hand instruments sola.
MAGNIFICENT Knabe. 3-Dedal upright piano
at great lo>s: leaving city. 920 O'Farrell st.
BEST renting piano in city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes su
BARGAIN; good upright; must be sold at
once. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
EOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos, Cectllan Dlano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, xlthers. old and new H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham plac*.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 931 Market St.—
Etfctr.Kv^retr. Lodwig and nthei* good pUnoa.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C C. O'DONNELL— Office- anTresldencal
102m Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb docto-:
treats all diseases of the human body tag
pa»t four years at 115-117 Mason- now lo-
cated at 6C7 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
'DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr U Pa
Tal. herb doctor; cures all diseases- of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Waahlngtoaat.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty
PR BALL. 1073K Market st. "P*"***
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dla-
easea cured by Chlr.ese herba. ii6-« Ctaj ¦«.
KPPCATIONAL — Continued. " L -
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 Post St.. S.
F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment:
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
J engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; special summer course In all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-^,
ship, $50; day and evening cessions.
DANCING — Prof. Drew's studio of society
dancing, culture of graces. 86 Geary St..
room 43; ladies' and gentlemen's private In-
struction; reception dally; phone Black 3738.
THE Eerllts School of Languages has removed
to 1000 Van Nese ave.; rates reduced during
cummer. Send for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall, Howard
St., near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mln.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City. Hall.
A SUMMER school of shorthand and bookkeep-
ing; enroll now and be ready for position In
fall. 8. F. Business College. 1230 Market st.
LESSONS given In Water Color or Oil Paint-
ing from Nature. CURRIER, 872 Sutter st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 MlsBion,nr.6th.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkpg. $8 mo.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st. S. F. ;
rounded 1SC3: new SO-page catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post et. ; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
CAN supply 15 Japanese laborers on quick no-
tice for farm work and picking fruit. . Ad-
dress H. ICHIYASU. 1221 3d St.. Sacramento.
A — OKPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese,
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.__
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp Office, 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 yeara.
Tel. Main 1SI07. BRADLKY Si CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
AN experienced waitress and second girl, best
of references from city, wants a place.
MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter. near Powell.
DRESSMAKING — A thorough fitter arj trim-
v rner on ladles' and children's gowns wants
engagements; $1 50 day. 92S Post St., phone
Hyde 3452. \
SEAMSTRESS and dressmaker would like a
few more engacements by the day. MISS
B. GRAUFFEL. 45 Franklin st.
ACCOMPLISHED musician from the East
wishes a few more music scholars; terms 50c
per lesson; piano and organ. Mrs. Steudcr,
27 Laskie St.. bet. Sth ani »th. off Mission.
A GOOD hand would like engagements as as-
sistant for dressmaker who goes out by the
day; wages $1 50. Address box 3995, Call,
Oakland. *
WOMAN wants work by th<» day or week: un-
derstands general housework and laundry;
good references. Box 2549. Call office.
WOMAN wants work by th* day washlns or
housecleanlng. Call 236 Hickory ave.
LADY stenographer wishes position. 30 to 60
dictated letters dally. Box 1S04. Call.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
A SOBER young man would like to get Into
some barber shop in center of trade or In
Oakland: has had 2 years' experience. Box
lfelO. Call. ;
FIRST-CLASS stonemason wishes position as
foreman or Journeyman: expert on water-
tight masonry. Address J. F., Denver House,
Third st.
YOUNG man wishes situation in- store or pri-
¦vate family; willing to do any kind of work;
eteady and honest; best of references. Box
2552. Call office.
RESPONSIBLE man would like place in office
to run set of books and do collecting; s?U5;
best of references. P. R.. 1332 Church Bt.,
' upstairs. •
RAILROAD construction.' mining or similar
work by bookkeeper and accountant: thor-
oughly experienced with rolls, time, supplies,
etc. Box 2590. Call.
GOOD job shop foreman carpenter or cabinet-
maker; 25 years' experience; 6 years with last
firm. 276 Hartford bL. city.
WANTED — Position as bookkeeper, cashier, or
both; references. Box 2297. Call office.
ACCOUNTANT cf experience wants position;
be*t of references.*. Box 2534. Call.
JAPANESE couple want situations in good
family: man as experienced cook, wife wait-
ress and housework; good references; $50.
HIRA. 518 Jessie St.; teL South 99.
YOUNG Japanese neat boy wishes position
cleaning doctor's or dentist's office or similar
work; reference; postal answered. T. H.,
41SA. Post st.
YOUNG Chinese wants position as cook in ho-
tel, restaurant or boarding-house. Address
33 Waverly place.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmoro.
FINANCIAL.
INVESTMENT— Bonds paying 5 per cent. fre«
of taxes; secured by real estate certified by
trust company; Interest July and January.
Address I. J. TRUMAN. Call building. San
Francisco.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stock
and bond Issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold; stock accepted for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO:. 326 Post.
FLATS TO LET.
HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantage of this
department; It will save you time and trouble.
Cordes Furniture Co.. 243-259 Geary st.. on
the square. -
PARK fiats; new; elegantly finished: on Sec-
ond ave. and C st., one block to McAllister
cars; 5 rooms, 6 rooms, 7 rooms. 10 room*;
$25 to $45; sunlight all around; open.
GREENWICH. 2727— Upper; sunny; 6 rooms;
new; marine view; $25; open.
TO LET— Flat of 41 'rooms; 1897 O'Farrell.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post wt.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
HANDSOMELY furnished G-room flat. Inquire
1458 Hayes st., rfear Baker; no dealers.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TEN rooms furnished: must sell; fur. good: of-
fer wanted; $475. Call Monday, 130 10th st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
I_ AND L. Auction Co.. 1059-61 Mission; phone
Jessie 1871; spot cash for furniture, etc.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission, phone Red 44(12,
buys, rents, repairs, packs, furniture, carpets.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .Hello. Grant 1S5.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, springs, north, open year
round, fares paid *:;<)
2 waitresses. -Skaggs Springs, fares both
ways $_r>
Waitress, fare paid, springs $25
2 waitresses. Santa Cruz Mountains fares
paid $2.">
' 2 waitresses, springs. Lake County, farea
here $25
Waitress, country hotel, no uniform ?i!.">
2 waitresses, health resort, steady work..S?.">
2 waitresses, commercial hojel $25
Waitress and chambermaid, plain country ho--.
tel $23. $20
5 chambermaid?, different country and resort
hotels .$20
Lunch waitress, no Sunday work ...$4 week
Starch lroners. resort $."55 found
2 mangle girls, country hotel laundry, steady
work year round, free fare and $20. room,
board and washing
Laundress, resort, fare paid $.">0
Short order cook, country hotel $35. $40
Cook, sanitarium, c|ty !$:i0
2 waitresses. Lake 'fahoe, fare paid $25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Infant's nurse. $25; chambermaid and seam-
titrcss. $25; houseglrl, Martinez, party here,
$30; woman with a child. $10; housekeeper,
2 men. country. $22; cooks, houseglrls. sec-
ond girls, nurscglrls city and country. $15,
$30. x
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
A — WORKING housekeeper, country rooming-
• house, see party here. $25. C. R. HANSEN
. & CO.. 429 Bush St.
A — MAN and wife, waiter and waitress,
springs, fare both ways. $55. C. R. HAN-
BEN & CO.. 429 Bush st.
AN experienced girl to take charge of candy
store, country nice place $25, room and
board and washing. C. R. HANSEN & CO.
429 Bush st.
HAIRDRESSING, manicuring, massage, hair '
work; removal of superfluous hair taught
from A to Z In 2 weeks for $4 50; positions
guaranteed: $10 to $20 per week; school day
and eve. 233 Geary, r. 13; maids prepared.
HAIRDRESSING, manicuring, massage, scalp
treatment, hair work, removal of superfluous
hair; $5 2 weeks; day and eve. class; wages
$10 to $20 wk. 1236 Market, cor. Jones, r. »4~
A— Practical Millinery School, estab. 14 years;'
terms easy. 816 O'Farrell. for. 1000 Van Ness.
GERMAN speaking girl for housework;
small family; plain cooking. 1901 Broadway.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE — Con.
GIRLS TO RIVET OVERALLS; STEADY
WORK; PAID WHILE LEARNING.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.,
~~32% FREMONT ST.
APPLY TO MR. DAVIS.
AT OUR 1KEW FACTORY, 1673 MISSION ST..
NEAR FIFTEENTH, SEWING MACHINE
OPERATORS ON OVERALLS WANTED:
INEXPERIENCED PAID SALARY WHILE
LEARNING OPERATORS AND RIVETERS
ALSO WANTED AT OUR MAIN FACTORY/
S2V4 FREMONT ST. LEVI STRAUSS St CO.
APPLY TO MR. DAVIS.
GIRLS TO LEARN ON SHIRTS AND OVER-
ALLS; A STATED AMOUNT GUARAN-
TEED. STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY.
COR. GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
/.-^OPERATORS on ladles' underwear; good
wages; steady position. I. MAGNIN A CO.,
656 Mission st. .
A — OPERATORS wanted on ladies' waists;
good wages: steady employment. 656 Mls-
elon Ft.. I. MAGNIN & CO.
A — OPERATORS wanted on children's and In-
fants' wear; steady position; good wages. L
MAGNIN & CO.. 650 Mission tt.
WANTED — A girl for light housework; no car-
pet sweeping,/ no windows, no cooking: refer-
ences required. Apply between 10 and 12,
1302 Geary st. .
RESPECTABLE girl to assist at housework
and cooking: small family; wages $20. 15
Baker st., near Halght.
(WRL to wrap and pack candy in factory. Ap-
ply from 10 to 1, Blum's Confectionery. Polk
and Sutter sts.
WANTED— Girl to do general housework;
wages $20. 791 McAllister st.
TWO girls wanted for restaurant work. 409
Spear st.
WANTEI>— Good woman to cook for deltcates-
sen. Apply after 12 noon. 125 Fifth st.
EXPERIENCED girls wanted at QUIRK
BROS.' bookblndery, 508 Clay st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
PICK bops in August; enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for men. women and
children. Call or write B. CLEMENS
. HORST CO.. 122 Battery >t Saw Francisco.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear, children's
wear and ladles' waists. 43-53 Ellis st. Ap-
ply bet. 9 and 10 a. m. Ask for MR. V.
MAGNIN. •
GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall season;
, trade taught from start to finish In 1 month
for $5; positions guaranteed at $10 per week
up. French School. 143 Stockton at., rm. IX
WOMAN of tact and knowledge of business
methods for commercial position. Box 2551,
Call office.
ELDERLY German lady to assist In light
housework; small wages and good home. 045
Jessie st.
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory. Central
ave. and Waller st.
WANTED — Salesladies for -waist department.
CAILLEAU'S. 114 Kearny st.
CORSET maker; must have experience. MME
WALTER. 503 Powell et.
WOOL sorters or women willing to learn with
pay. HENRI MARX, 13* Bluxome st.
TEN girl?. National Laundry, 411 Sanchez
st. ; lroners and machine hands; gnod wages.
FINISHERS on men's white shirts; ROGER-
SON'S, 5.-J5 Valencia st.
A SALESWOMAN of good appearance; state
experience. Box 2537. Call.
YOUNG lady for carpet sewing. Mission Car-
pet Store, 2020 Mission st.
.GIRLS for factory work; "good wages; no ex-
perience. Apply Gulf Bag Co.. 709-711 Front.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats. 1103 Mar-
ket st.
Experienced operators muslin underwear; be-
BlnncTd paid. G.W. Reynolds & Co., 507 Mission.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ami
subscriptions has been established at 1034
Valencia st.
IIELI* WANTED MALE.
AT C. R. HAXSEN & CO.'S EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY,
429 Bush st 642 Clay Bt.
I Hello. Grant 185.
Shipping Day— To-day .TREE FARE
..For Chatsworth Park Tunnel. L. A. Co...
For Company's Own Work, different Dlv.,
For Co.'s Own Work. Different Dlv.. Cal.
For Caspar Tunnel. Mendoclno
For Willlts Mendocino
Machine drillers, tunnelmen. muckers, drill-
ers, section hands, extra gangs.... $1 70. $3
20 tunnel timbermen. $2 50. $3 day, free fare.
Laborers. Chlco. Butte Co.. $2 25. fare $2 80.
Laborers, hammersmen. Placer.ville
......$2 50. $2 25
Quarry foreman. $75 found: blacksmiths,
country shops $3: stonemason. Oregon. $5;
millwright. $50: leverman for dredger '$60:
. quartz miners $3; men to load Ice. $2 50, $3;
milkers. $30. $40; choreman and wife. $.10;
butter maker and wife. $50; farmer and wife,
stock ranch Nevada. $40; choreman.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
. Storeroom and pantryman, country. $50; sec-
ond cook resort $60; cook, mine boarding-
house. $T0: second cook; night cook, restaur-
" ant north. $15 week each; 2 waiters and
dishwasher, restaurant, north, $10 week;
waiter anil wife springs. $55; porter and
waiter, country hotel $30: . washer and
starcher country hotel, $45 and found;
washer, country, $45; pot washer. Lake Ta-
hoe fare paid $30: dishwashers, kitchen
hands, bell boys, porters. $15. $30.
C. R HANSEN A CO.'S EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY.
429 Bush st ". 612 Clay st.
AN errand boy who lives with his parents.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 2ti Montgomery, rm. 12.
Cook. S7 "> : cook, $«0; colnrru waiter, $JJ:
bakpr,' I«i.»; helper for baker, $40 and found.
TRUSTWORTHY German tend bar make hlm-
/ self generally useful In business hours. In-
qulre 15 City Hall square. ;
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third St.. Examiner bldg.
ELDERLY man to assist, on light woodwork
. and polishing. Box 1SCC. Call office.
WANTED— A lunch waiter at 506 Howard, st.'
— — — - ; — — —
BARBER' wanted: steady. 411 Devisadero st.
WANTED— A man for fruit store; must be ex-
perlenccd. 1315 Stockton et. - •
FIRST-CLASS upholsterer for outside work.
C. HAYNERT, 40 Ellis St., fourth floor.
EXPERIENCED dishwasher; $S a week; res-
taurant. 126 Ninth st. . ;V~ ':
FOR SALE — Good paying oyster and chop
house. ISO Fifth st.
TRY our men's rhoes. union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mail : charges. . til .Third et.. Examiner bldg.
WANTED — Cutter on men's heavy work. Ap-
* ply Stllson Shoe Co., Tacoma, Wash. .
BAN FRANCISCO CALL,.
BUSINESS OFFICE of Th« San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every Bight In tbe year.
BRANCH OFFICES— C27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; orjen until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; cpen until 9:30 p. ra.
t£9 McAllister street ; open until 9:30 p. ra.
€15 Larldn street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
eatil 9 p. ra.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. in.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. ta.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. xa.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commander No. 1. 1C __
T. — Special assembly THIS EVENING *gjr,«
at 7:30 o'clock. Order of Red Cross. F-j
All fraters courteously invited. raw
THOS. H. BROWNE, Commander. »»
T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder.
ASYLUM of Golden Oate Comtnandery . ?
No lti. K. T.. (¦¦X) Hutt^r st.— t?pt-cial TOg
Assembly THIS EVENING at 8 g
o'clock; Order of Temple. All fraters w
are courteously iavited. By order oi —
the commander. HEo FRQLICH Rccorder .
BAN FRANCISCO Chapter *•"<£_. -V.
Royal Arch Masons, meets THIS JLJL
EVENING. M k M q /V\
EVENING at 7:30; first degree. By /V\
order cf tbe^maMer^ g Sge
HERMANN Lodge No. 127, F. and A. «
M.-Cai:ed meeti«g THIS DAY «JV
(MONDAY). July 13. 1903. at 7:30 />r\
o'clock p. m. ; degree 2. By order or
the W. M. L. SCHUMACHER. Sec.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 2C0. F. «
afid A M. 1S39 Fillmorc et.— First W
degree' THIS EVENING at 7:30
o'clock HARRY BAEHR. Sec.
ANCIENT Orler of United Workmen. ,>\t£.
attention — Supreme Master Workmai!j^~-\-
W. H.» MILLER will arrive In SanKMS
Francisco on THURSDAY, July 16. CS^
and a reception to him has been ar-
ranged to take I'lace in Ktetnway Hall, 232
fcutter «., on THURSDAY EVENING, July
16, at *> o'clock, at which time the supreme
master will thoroughly explain the new plan
recently adopted by the Supreme Lodge. All
members of the order are cordially invited
to be present.
C. T. SPENCER, Grand Recorder.
NOTICE TO STOCKHOLDERS OF THE
BANK OF CALIFORNIA— NOTICE IS
HEREBY GIVEN that a special meeting of
the stockholders of the Back of California,
hereby called by the President thereof, will
be heid at No. 400 California street, the
backing-bouse of raid bank, in the City and
County cf San Francisco. State of Califor-
nia, on WEDNESDAY, the 15th day of July.
1903, at the hour of half-past three o'clock
tn the afternoon of said day, for the pur-
pose cf considering and deciding what <21s-
poeltloh shall be made of the new or In-
creased capital stock of said bank that may
be authorized by said stockholders en said
day. and of providing how, to whom, when
asd at what price and under what conditions
said new or Increased capital etcck may b»
•old, and for the purpose of authorizing and
directing the Board of Directors of said
back what to do tn the premises.
WILLIAM ALVORD.
as Precldect of the Bask cf California.
Dated July 1. 1903.
'THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro-
cess from W. 8. Kerr. In Old Stiff Gravel
Mine, near Vallecita. Calaveras County,
r*al.. draining Into Wades Gulch Creek,
which reaches Stanislaus River, gives notice
that a meeting will be held at room 96,
Flood Building. San Francisco, Cal., July
20, 1903. at 1:30 p. m.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received application to mine by hydraulic
process Irom F. W. McLean in Hampton
placer mine, on McRea Ridge. Plum. is
Co., Cal., draining Into Nelson Creek,
which reaches middle fork of Feather Riv-
er, gives notice that a nwetlng wilt be held
at room W Flood blrtg., San Francisco, Cal..
July 27, 1903, at 1 :30 p. m.
NOTICE of meeting. — The regular quarterly
meeting of the directors of The Bank of Call-
fornla will be held at the banking-house. 430
California street. San Francisco, cia TUES-
DAY. July 14, 1903 at S o'clock p. m. The
transfer books for the transfer of etock will
close on Tuesday. July 7. 1903, at 3 o'clock
p. ra.. and will reopen on Wednesday. July
IB, at 9 o'clock a. tn. By order of the board.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the Ban Francisco So-
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani-
mals will be held In the Parrott building on
Monday. July 20. 1903, at 4 o'clock p. m.,
when a board of trustees will be elected.
C B. HOLBROOK. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
THE only authorlred life cf Pope Leo XIIL
written with the encouragement, approbation
and biessinr cf his holiness, by Mgr. Bernard
Orellly, D. D- L. L. D.. who for eight years
li%ed In the Vatican as domestic prelate to
the Pope; this distinguished American au-
thor was summoned to Rome and appointed
by the Pope as his official biographer; ap-
proved and recognized by Cardinal Gibbons
*nd*all church authorities as the only official
biography of the Pope; over SCO pages, mag-
nificently Illustrated; unparalleled opportuni-
ty for agents: best commission; elegant outfit
free. Bend 15 cents for postage to the JOHN
C WINSTON CO., 328 Dearborn st,. Chicago
IU.
AGENTS — We have an article that every
woman wants and will buy tf her attention
is called to it.
We want women of eense, energy and push
for that purpose; every sale means a perma-
nent customer. Do you want money? Are
you energetic? If en. call bet. 10 a. xn. and
4 p. m.. room 315. Phelan building.
ASTROLOGY.
Astrology taught, horoscopes cast. Prof. Ray-
mond bookstore. 049 Ellis. By mall If desired.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ROBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
rm. €11; all cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation
free: no advance charges; call or write;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3C01.
PROMPT attention to all cases ;divorce, estates.
collections; no fees unless successful; call or
. write; eves. Tues. and Frl. ; est. 15 yrs. ED-
WARD ACKLEY. 927 Market .tel Jessie 1530.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost In meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
cases; no fees in advance; op«n every even-
lr.g. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market St.. r. 31.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty ;<julck.qulet;
no fharge without success; established 15 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market St.. opp. Hales.
AITKEN & AITKEN. atttorneys rs. 309-10-11
Clunle bldg.. 503 California St.; tel. Main 727.
WICK MATTHEWS, attorney at law 632 Mar-
ket St.. room 23; legal advice; bank refs.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
cases; open evgs. W.W.Davidson, 927 Market.
Xa 3. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free: no fe*« In advance.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
gflCS borne for infants or children by one
who loves them. 1818 Prince St.. Berkeley.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
WARNINO - — ~— -~~w
To the
Investing Public.
We announce the completion of our
Wonderful Ditching and Dredging Machine,
which will do the work of hundreds of men
and horses.
On or about July 20th.
Upon Its completion no stock will be offered
for less than $1 per share. Until then a few
rhares remain to be sold at 50c. for cash or in-
stallments. Persons desiring to see this
Marvel of mechanical ingenuity
can do so by calling at. the offices of the
NATIONAL DITCHING 8c DREDGING CO.
C01-602-C03 Examiner Building.
WANTED — Real estate solicitors; liberal com-
missions. EDWARDS. 131 Montgomery st
rooms 11-12. . " [
$200— PARTNER In first-class real estate of-
fice; good opening for energetic young man.
EDWARDS, 131 Montgomery st.. rms. 11-12.
14000— FIRST-CLASS saloon; 6-year lease In-
cluding 24 rooms upstairs; large stock of
liquors. 181 Montgomery st.. rooms 11-13.
THOMAS & WILSON.
REAL ESTATE BROKERS.
102714 Market et.
Have .Removed to 1104 Market st.
Phone Jessie 4471.
WANTED— A partner In profitable restaurant:
must be a married man with a capital from
$500 to $1000; references. Answer box 1809.
Call office.
1150 — Restaurant; first-class all complete. D
McRAE A. CO.. S27 Mission st.
$125— RELIABLE man for permanent place;
pays $75 per month; experience not required;
short hours; light work. 1016 Market, r. 10.
FOR sale— Old established fine paying candy
business with factory. ~ For particular* ad-
dreas Box 2564. Call of floe; no agents.
BANK DEPOSITORS sending names and ad-
dresses, will receive, free, valuable lnforma-
tlon. Box 2555. Call office.
CTALLS In general market for rent; space
tultable for grocery, delicatessen store and
creamery. Call 2614 Mission st.
HAIRDRESSING parlors: cheap: value In sight;
gooC location; retiring. 1U3 Mkt.. bet.7th-8th.
BTJSINKSS CHAXCES— Continued.
IF you want to Invest In mining why not try
it close to San Francisco? I will sell you
stock tn the Twin Brothers mine or bond
you a good prospect cheap. I offer you full
value for your money. I am the original
promoter of the Twin" Brothers mine, which
is but 130 miles from San Francisco; 5-foot
ledge; $35 M per ton. Address or call on
J. M. CROWDER. 307 Fourth st., San Fran-
cisco. CaL
(toco — GOOD paying grocery and general mer-
chandise business in Oakland. Address box
3902. Call office. Oakland. •
BAKERY and delicacy store for sale; must be
scld; owner going away. 715 McAllister st.
AN outside route for sale. AK>ly Call office.
l'O nGIXG - HOl! '' ES KOR SAtlE '
ll C. DECKER, 90C MARKET St!
COR. STOCKTON & ELLIS. Phone John 531.
ESTABLISHED IN THIS CITY IN 1877.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES,
HOTELS AND FLATS.
I OFFER THE FOLLOWING BARGAINS:
80-room corner house, only ". $3,500
21 rooms, only $300 cash. baL paymfs 1.100
II rooms, only $150 cash 350
12 rooms, on Geary St.. near Powell.. 850
2(5 rooms, on Market; clears $200 1.650
24 rooms on Grant ave., only 2.400
12 rooms, new furniture, cost $1200. ... 600
«50 rooms. Just finished 5.500
4S rooms, clears $300 per month 5,000
atJ rooms, on Howard Et., clears $200. . 1,700
66 rooms, elegant corner, clears $350.. 5.800
Hotel and bar. 80 rooms, clears $500.. 10.0C0
24-rocm house on Howard st 350
100 houses from 5 to 600 rooms: all prices-
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
I HAVE REMOVED TO 906 Market, cor.
Stockton and Ellis. H. C. DECKER.
100 ROOMS 1 house for men; rent $140.... $4000
5S rooms; south of Market; rent $100.. 2000
24 roorr.6; corner: part cash; bal. easy. 830
11 rooms: good income; rent $20 850
21 rocins; water frcnt; rent $40; lease.. 650
120 rooms; good lease: low rent .6500
C7 nr.R; apartments; Western Add; rent. 250
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hctcls, roadhousee. fiats. 5 to 100 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearoy st.
$3000 — 2S RMS.; O'Farrell; leaee: inccme 1260.
$2000 — 15 rms; elegant: O'Farrell; clears $100.
$1200 — 16 rooms: O'Farrell Bt. : clears $75.
$c,00 — 9 rooms: Lea ven worth • st. : clears $40.
EDWARDS. 131 Montgomery St.. rms. 11-12.
THOMAS & WILSON.
REAL ESTATE BROKERS.
1027 Vi Market St.,
Have Removed to 1104 Market st.
Phone Jessie 4471.
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 4CC Examiner bldg. —
Hotels, apartment houses, flats and
ROOMING HOUSES.
$CriO — GREAT bargain: 10-room house on Eddy
St.; positively clearing $40. iO32 Market, r. 4.
JC.'iO — 11 rooms, beautifully furnished: first-
class in every way ! 612 Taylor. D. McRae.
SUNNY, well furn. cor. flat, 14 rms: rent $37;
price !tC30 gO4 Second >t.. upstalrm.
S 1*« «•» T »J A ¦-.! S ai.
MEDIUM card reader; readings 25c; sittings
daily; ladies only. 252 Natoma st., bet.
Third and Fourth.
KATIE HEUSSMAN, test circle Friday even-
ing. 25c; sittings dally. lOOO Harrison St.
CLAIRVOYANTS^
X^ caliTat 6nce~aniTsave $£
My Regular $3 Reading This Week For
*i. *i. $i. w. «. a. $i. $l
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San xFrancisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make you no charge if I fall to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I promise
to tell you whether husband, wife or sweet-
heart is true or false; tell whom and when you
will marry; in fact, I will tell-yc* every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
eelf. He restores lost affections, reunites the
separated, causes speedy and happy marriages,
makes you successful and prosperous, cures
disease and lest vitality without medicine, lo-
cates hidden treasures; hours 10 a. xn. to 8 p.
m. : Sundays 2 to 8. 326 O'Farrell St.. 32ft.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Exam-
iner bldg.; 6he reads your life correctly.
gl\-es an accurate description of the past, re-
veals the present happeni^srs and portray*
events to occur in the future: if you are in
trouble, discontented or not satisfied in life,
or have domestic, love or business troubles,
consult this great medium and you will be
told how to overcome tiwm; valuable advice
in all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction
guaranteed; readings by mall. Tel Black 15»%>.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permcnently located at 1104 Market
st., cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
m. to v 5 p. m.; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth: don't send currency. Send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MRS. A. II. KRONENBERG, palmist, clair-
voyant, card reader; readings. 25c; will give
full planet reading and answer 3 questionb
by mall, $1; when others fall try me; send
date of birth and lock of hair. 402 Frank-
lin Et., near Grove; tend P. O. money order.
A — MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, bom with a double veil and sec-
cud tight: tells the past, present and future:
lsdlee, 50c; gents. $1: by cards, palmistry
•rd clairvoy&ct sitting. $1 50. 126 Turk st.
MRS. A. KRONENBERG. r-almlst. clairvoy-
ant, card reader, will give good 10c readings
for short time only: where others fall try
me to convince yourself. 402 Frtnklln St.,
near Grove.
A — line. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given: 25c up. 5 4th St.. near Market.
A wonder; have you seen her? LELA, palmist
and clairvoyant. 277 14th St.. near Mission.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city,
26*4 Kearny, room 20; ladies 25c; gents 50c.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant card reader; slt-
tlngs dally. 44S^ Jetsle st.. bet. 6th and Cth.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth s'..
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 5Oa S51 Mission Et., nr. 6th; open Sun.
MME. MARFEAU, clairvoyant, card reader;
ladles 25c; gents 50c. 545 Minna st.
CARPET-BEATING AND CLEANING.
AIR, compressed, dry, ice cold. Is now univer-
sally used In sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or Injury: prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call big.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
rend for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Wcrks. 255-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet- beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor, 329 Guerrero Et. : tel. Mission 19.
TRY HOPKE BROS.' excellent carpet cleaning;
phone Bush 421. 411-413 Powell st.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. OEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH &. CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
DR. WOODRUFF. S55 Market.~5th fl.. rm]
597 — Corns, bunions, ing. nail* treated $1;
hrs. 9-6; Sun., 10-12; phone Howard 3226.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 50 Geary— All
ailment* of the f»»t cured: corns, bunions. etc.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
ADVICE free; bad tenants ejected speedily. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY.. r. 85. 916 Market;
tM. Red 618; collections; gen'l law business.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. '415 Montgomery, rooma B-10: tel. 5380.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, 0 rooms, bath and yard; fine view.
1323 Washington St., near Jones. ¦ v-
DENTISTS. \.
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 5Oc: gas. given.
REMOVAL.
DR. C. W. RICHARDS, dentist, has re-
moved from 47 Post st. to Mutual Bank bldg.,
room C14. corne^ Geary and Kearny sts.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crown, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Bet teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fll!lngs,25c.
GOLD fillings 75c, silver S5c. crowns $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewitt.204 Sutter.
10 PER CENT off this month: estimates free
New York rWitlnts. 9C9 Mission Bt.. cor. 6th.
DRESSMAKERS A SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
' — Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew.
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL. ~~
UEALDS SCHOOL OF~ELECTRICAX. EKdl-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day. night. 24 Post; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE,
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had: In-
dorsed by official court reporters. 13S2 Mkt.
- - — , ; - — — • "" " """
If you have fallen into debt and want to sell your rte, '
• We'll tell vou how to do it, and the coat will not be big;
Just put an advertisement in the San Francisco Call,
And buyers soon will come to you— this do not doubt at all.Steamer. Destination. | Sails. I Pier. '
July 13. f
Chehalls Grays Harbor 3 pm'Pler 2
Famoa.. Lo» Angeles Ports. 9 am | Pter 2
S Cnia Newport ft Way.. U ana! Pier lu
Centralla... Grays Harbor 5 pmlPler 10
North Fork. Humboldt S pmlPier 2
Iaqua Humboldt 4 pmiPier 2
R. Dollar. . Astoria & Portland. 5 pm Pier 2
Phoenix ft. Arena-Mend' co. 1 pm Pier 13.
Eureka Humboldt 12 m Pier 13
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
' July 14. j
S Portland. Seattle &- Taeoma. . B pm|Pler 16
Cnlco Coqullle River 6 protPler 2
' July 15. !
Rival.... ••• Willapa Harbor ... 4 pmjPier 2
Pomona Humboldt l:30pPlerl3
Argo ;. Eel River Ports — . 4 pm Pier 2
Peking China ft Japan 1 pm PUr 40
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 amIPier 27
July 10. . - [
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor 4 pmlPler 2
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 0 am|Pler IB
Sonoma Sydney & Way.... 2 pm Pier 7
Cocb Day. . . San Pedro & Way. 0 am Pier W
Jnly IT. I
G. Lindauer Graya Harbor 4 pm I Pier 10
G.W.Elder.. Astoria ft Portland. 11 am Pier 24
July 18.
S. Barbara. Los Angelea Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Arcata Coos B. & PtOrford 4 pm Pier Irt
Colon f». T. via Panama. 12 m Pier 10
July 10.
Centennial.. Seattle & Taeoma.. 10 am Pier 2
July 2O.
City Puebla. Puget Sound Pts.. 11 amlPler 27
July 21. j
8an Pedro.. Humboldt 10 aroiPler 2
Lothian.... China & Japan ' Pier —
Alliance Eureka ft Coos Bay $ pm Pier 16
July 22.
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
July 23.
Doric China & Japan.... 1 pm PUr 10
FROM SEATTLE.
VICTORIA, B. C, July 12.— The sealing
schooner Carrie I C returned to Clay oquot
yesterday with Captain D. . McPhee. her
master, .sick. He- died '..this-, morning
when en route to Victoria on a coasting
steamer. \
Skipper Dies On a Vessel
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July 12—5 p. hk
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Fair weather prevails over the Pacific Slope
except partly cloudy along Puget Sound and
the western slope of the Rocky Mountains.
The pressure h«s risen along the coast and
fallen over the plateau and Rocky Mountain
regions.
Th« temperature changes have been slight
in all districts. Throughout California It Is
generally below the normal.
A southwest wind of 3S miles per hour Is
reported from Modena.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. July 13:
Northern California — Fair Monday; fresh
west wind. . - -
Southern California— Fair Monday; light
we*t wind.
Nevada— Fair Monday.
Pan Francisco and vicinity — Fair Monday;
brisk westerly wind. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official. Temporarily in Charge.
~COAST RECORD.
STATIONS. S If llffa *~ »
' : «.*•«-': :':, §
• * <» • • j*
Btksr ... 29.78 82 M NW Clear !co
Carson 29. 82 80 R0 TV Clear .00
Eureka 30.10 5S 62 NW Clear *00
Fresno. 29.82 m «2 W Clear .00
Flagstaff ....29.72 02 52 SW Cloudy .00
Independenca 29.72 92 «2 SE Clear .00
Los Angeles.. 29. 88 82 56 SW Clear .00
Mt Tamalpais30.00 70 .. NW Clear .00
North Head ..30.08 60 H NW Cloudy .04
Phoenix ...... 29. «4 108 80 SW Pt Cldy .00
Pocatello 29.70 02 B0 SE ¦ Pt Cldy .00
Portland .....29. 08 70 68 NW Pt Cldy T.
Point Reyes ..29.98 68 .. NW Clear .00
Red Bluff .;.. 29. 82 90 64 SE Clear. .CO
Roseburg ....29.08 74 60 NW Clear .00
Sacramento ..29.88 80 52 S Clear .00
Salt Lake ...23. AS 98 C2 S Pt Cldy .00
San Francisco30.02 58 48 W Clear .00
S L Oblspo.. 30.00 70 48 W Clear .CO
San Diego ...29.84 72 «M NW Clear .00
Seattle ....... 30. 00 «6 52 S Cloudy .00
Spokane : 29.80 82 58 SW Clear .00
Tatoosh ......30.04 5S 50 W Cloudy .04
Walla Walla. 29. 80 86 58 W Clear .CO
Wlnnemucca .29.76 86 46 W Clear .00
Yuma ............ .-• Ttt ••'•• ..... .00
Weather Report.
¦ Steamer. # From. | Due.
Despatch Redondo July 13
Coronado Grays Harbor July 13
S. Portland... San Pedro July 13
R. Dollar San Pedro July 13
G. Grays Harbor July 13
State of Cal.. Pan Diego & Way Pts. July 13
Argo Eel River Ports July 13
Pomona Humboldt July 13
Coos Bay San Pedro &, Way Pts. July 13
Edith Seattle July 14
Barracouta... Acapulco Jujy 14
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria July 14
City Sydney.. New York via Panama. July 15
Del Norte Crescent City July IB
San Pedro... Humboldt July 16
O. Dollar.... J San Pedro July 16
Eureka I Humboldt July 1«
Corona I Humboldt July 18
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom July 1«
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. July ltt
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. July 18
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports July 1«
Point Arena, . Point Arena July 17
Santa, Crux... Newport & Way Ports. July I"
Alliance...... Portland & Way Ports. July IS
North Fork... Humboldt July 19
Santa Monica Grays Harbor July 19
Silesia Hamburg & Way Pts.. July 19
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria.'... July- 10
Olympic. Falrhaven :... July 20
Lothian Hongk'g via Manzanllla July 21
N. Maru China & Japan July 21
Alameda..... Honolulu July 21
I'matllla Puget Sound Ports.... July 21
Heredot Seattle July 21
J. Doliar I Seattle & Taeoma .... Jujy 22
Newport 1 New York via Panama. July 23
Nevadan Honolulu A Kahului. . . [July 23
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
The United States survey boat Gedney left
yesterday for an extended cruise- to the north.
Captain Blair of the Alaska Commercial
Company left Saturday on the steamer St.
Paul for Nome. ¦ _i
The schooner H. C. RlghTiarrived yesterday
from Mahukona. twenty-flve days. She brings
a cargo of 8100 bags of sugar.
Captain John Waller of the pilot service,
who was operated on four days ago for ap
pendicitis. Is still in a dangerous condition.
The pilot boat America Is being refitted at
Sausallto.
Water Front Notes.
Mirmetonka Leaves Fort.
The steamship Mlnnetonka left yesterday for
Seattle and Taeoma, where she will load for
New York.
Tho large crowd arrived just before
noon, and soon after that time luncheon
was served under the trees. -After lunch
con dancing was indulged in, while those
athletically inclined were interested in a
series of races and i other out-of-door
sports at the track. Valuable prizes, do
nated by members and friends of the or
der, were awarded to the winners of the
various contests.
An exhibition of pole-climbing was par
ticularly interesting and exciting. Twen
ty-two men, one at a time, tried to go up
a sixty-foot pole and down again inside
of thirty seconds. Robert McCharles of
the Western Union Company and T. J.
Kauffman of the telephone company tied
at 27 seconds. In the final Kauffman did
it in 26V£ seconds, beating his opponent
one-half a second. During this contest
Thomas Shanahan received a painful in
jury- While coming down tho pole he
slipped and slid twenty-five feet. In the
fall a sliver six inches long penerated
his left leg and buried Itself far under
the skin. lie was taken to San Rafael
for treatment.
The committees having the picnic in
.charge were as follows:
Arrangements — F. F. Dunne (chairman). Ed
Sproul Nell Cameron, W r . Phillips, P. \McSwe
gan, L. Wiseman. James Larimer. II. L.
Worth lnpton, Ed Case.
Wheel of fortune— J. Walters. F. P. Noonan.
P. T. Sherman, Charles Daley, J. P. Counlhnn.
Judges for all games — J. J. Gunther, Walter
Bentley. Fred J. Newman. L. C. Edwards. C.
Peace and or3'er — L. C. Edwards, Oeorge
Cooney, H. L. WorthlnRton. 51. J. Sullivan,
Morris Peterson, James Cameron." W. P. Stan
ton, P. O. Peterson. A. -F. Sproul. M. C. Ma
rlon, M. L. West, Jamea Coleman, Robert Mc-
Cloud. W. McQueeney.
Games — W. P. Hedbeor. r rank lae. C. W.
Blum, G. Dahlmier. Thomas Early. C. II. Kel
logg. J. J. Gorman. Thomas Shanahan,. J. P.
Counloan. Frank Wife, M. M. Laveria; C. Y.
Schafer, Fred Murray, G. C Holmes. Charles
Flo«>r manager— Albert E. Barnes; assistants
T. E. Flynn, J. F. Leonard.
The electrical workers of this city held
forth at Schuetzen Park, ' San Rafael,
yesterday. It was the second annual ex
cursion and picnic of the International
Brotherhood of Electrical Workers and
Linemen's Local No. 151. There were fully
1000 people present and all enjoyed them
selves.
Local Union Holds An
- nual Picnic at Schuet
zen Park.
¦ The steamer Corona, which left this port
ytsfrerdaj*. bound for Eureka, stopped for one
hour oft Black "Point before proceeding on her
voyage. No reason Is known for the delay,
but It is probable that come defect In the
irHcbmery was the cause.
Delayed Off Black Point.
The O. and O. steamship Doric, Captain
Smithy commanding, arrived last night from
Yokohama and way ports after an uneventful
voyage. The vessel was 27 days 2 hours from
Hongkong. 16 days 1 hour and 43 minutes from
Yokohama and 6 days. 1 hour and 32 minutes
from Honolulu. She carried 46 cabin, 5 second
cabin and 118 steerage passengers. She
dropped anchor in the stream at 9:46 p. m. and
will be examined by the quarantine and cus
toms officers this morning.
Doric Arrives in Port.
ELECTRICIANS
ENJOY OUTING
Sunday. July 12.
Stmr Rival, Payne, 65 hours from Wlllapa
Harbor.
Stmr Gipsy.- Leland. 23 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Mlneola, Klrkwood. 90 hours from Ta
eoma.
Stmr Acme. Lundquist. 44 hours from Coo«
Bay.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson. U hours from Port
Harford.
Stmr Aurelia. Peterson, 63 hours from Aa
torla.
Br stmr Doric, Smith. 27 days 2 hours from
Hongkong, via Yokohama 16 days 1 hour 43
min. via Honolulu 8 days 1 hour 32 min.
Schr Mayflower, Gudmaasen, 8 days from,
CtxiuiUe River.
Schr Bessie K. Merriam. 16 hours from San
Vicente Landing.
Schr Ellen Gunderson. Larsen, 4 hours from
Bollnas. .
SAILED.
Sunday. July 12.
D S stmr Gedney. Dickens, Seattle.
Stmr San Pedro, Hansen. Eureka.
Stmr San Mateo. Ross, Taeoma.
Stmr Montara. Reilly. Seattle.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San DlegOk
Stmr Aberdeen. Daniels. Seattle.
Stmr Arctic, Reiner, Eureka.
•stmr Westport. Smith. Bear Harbor.
Stmr James Dollar. Thwlng. Seattle.
• Stmr Columbia. Randall. Astoria.
Stmr Corona. Johnson. Eureka.
Stmr P.edondo. Krog. Eureka.
Stmr Mlnnetonka, Evans, Seattle and T»
coma.
Schr Ivy. Jensen. Coos Bay.
Schr Virginia, Nielsen. Portland. Or.
Schr Roy Somers, Solland. Willapa Harbor.
Schr Mary Etta. Larsen. Sluslaw River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— July 12. 10 P m— Weatbef
clear; wind W; velocity 20 miles per hour.
SPOKEN'.
Per schr H C Wright— July 3. lat 3T 3 N.
long 143 W, bark Coloma. from Sallna Crua
for Port Town»end.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SANTA BARBARA — Sailed July 12 — Stmr
State of California, for San Franciico; atmr
Coos Bay for San Francisco.
Arrived' July 12— Stmr Frances H L-g*ett.
from Newport News for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed July 12— Stmr Prentlss.
for San Francisco: stmr Geo W Elder, for San
Francisco; stmr Stanley Dollar, for China.
Arrived July 12-»-Stmr Alliance, hence July 7.
S\N PEDRO — Arrived July 12^ — 8chr Ad
miral, from Everett; «trar Fulton, from Eu
reka: stmr Mandalay, .from Cr»*cent City;
barge ganta. Paula, hertce July 1O. In tow of
tug Rescue: schr Stimson. from Ballard.
Sailed July 12 — Barge Santa Paula, for Saa
Francisco.
PORT MADISON— Sailed July 12— Bktn Joha
C Meyer, for San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July 12— Br
ship Klnr David, from Yokohama.
Sailed July 12 — Ger ship Aiauda. for Port
ABEKDEEN— Sailed July 12— Schr Muriel,
for Santa Rosalia; schr Jas II Bruce, for 8aa
Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed in July 12— Stmr Tam
pico from Nome for Seattle.
HUENEHE-r- Arrived July 12— Schr Fanny
Dutard. from Grays Harbor.
POINT LOBOS— Passed July 12. 7 p m— Stmr
Pafadena, from Eureka for San Pedro.
ISLAND PORTS.
KAHCU'I- Sailed July 12 — Stmr Nevadan,
for Honolulu and San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 12— Stmr I'a
bria. from New York.
LIZARD— Passed July 12 — Stmr Kroonland.
from New York for Antwerp; stmr Rotterdam,
from Rotterdam for New York.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived July 12 — Stmr
Cymric, from New York for Liverpool, and
proceeded.
Sailed July 12— Stmr Campania, for New
York.
LONDON — Arrived July 12 — Stmr Pak Ling,
from Portland. Or. via Hongkon* etc.
MOVILLE — Arrived July 12 — Stmr Parisian,
from Montreal for Liverpool, and proceeded.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Several dispatches have been* received
at the Merchants* Exchange during: the
voyage of the ship, stating that her trip
has been anything but pleasant. She had
several breakdowns during her voj*age
and caused her owners and the Ham
mond Lumber Company no end of anxiety
and the news that she has at last been
sighted near home will be kindly received
by all interested in her.
After leaving Newport News nothing
was heard of the ship till May 25. when
she put into the harbor of Rio de Janeiro
disabled. She was repaired there and
started on her journey again. On June
10 she signaled the steamship Punta
Arenas for aid. She then continued her
voyage for a few days more, but on
June 19 was again in distress and called
on the steamship Coronet for assistance.
Since that time nothing had been heard
of the Leggett till she was sighted by the
yacht Lurline.
The Leggett is said to be a very fine
boat and capable of making fast time.
The present voyage is the first long one
undergone by the vessel and it is thought
that perhaps she was not in condition for
the trip. It is said that she has been
chartered by the Hammond Lumber Com
pany and will be used here in the coast
lumber trade.
A dispatch was received in this city
las.t night statins that the steamship
Frances E. Leggett hatl been sighted oft
Carpentaria by the pleasure yacht Lur
line. The steamship appeared to be in
distress and signaled to the Lurline to
report her at the nearest" port, saying
that she was slowly making her way to
her destination.
The Leggett i3 a new steamer, recently'
built at the shipyards at Newport News,
Va, She left there about seventy days
ago and was due in this port two days
ago. She is consigned to the Hammond
Lumber Company and carries a large
cargo of coal. The Leggett is com
manded by Captain Jahnsen. She has
never been to this port.
Sho Suffers Breakdown, on
Her Voyage From New
port News.
Steamship Frances E.
Leggett Sighted by
Lurline.
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOT12 — The high and low waters occur 'at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
l —~ h:shrSt tiJ ° '•¦' the same at both places.
MONDAY. JULY 13. 1903.
Sun rises .' 4:33
Sun sets 7:XJ
Moon rises 10:06 £. m.
C [Time • ITlmel fTimel ITime!
5. Ft. | i Ft. 1 j Ft. I ! Ft. •
? !h w |l w| |h wj it. w|
13" l:0S[ 4.7| 7 •»« 0.31 2:43! 4.918:021 i'.s»
14 1:301 4.5; 8:05 0.C] 3:19| 5.0' 8:571 Ztt
15 S:38, 4.2! &:45 LOt 3:50| 5.1! &:£a 2.3
IS 3:10' 3.9! 0:30 1.5! 4:23 5.1110:40 1.9
17 4:49! a7!lO:l!»[ l.V 5:«W! 5.3111:53 1.1
IS 6:13| 3.7|11:15| 2.2| 5:49| 5.5j
L Wl |H Wj |L Wt H W
19 O:54| O.Pj 7:42| S.8 12:18| 2.5 rt:39 5.7
20 l:50'i O.2f 8:571 . 4.1; l:20| 2.7 7:33j 5.!>
NOTE — In the above exposition of ths tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and th» successive tides of th*
day In the order of occurrence as to time: th»
fourth time column gives the last tide of th"»
dav, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are Iri
addition to the aoundingfl of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
•Ign precedes the heights, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth glvea by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the
mean of the lower low waters. •»
DISABLED CRAFT
SIGNALS YACHT
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
- Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Foist. . entrance to San
Sun, Moon and Tide.
\ Steamer. | For. " Sails.
Humboldt..:.. Skagway & Way Ports. July 13
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. July 14
Dlrigo.. Skagway A Way Ports. July 15
Meteor Nome A St. Michael... July 13
Conemaugh... Nome & St. Michael... July 15
Al-Kl Skagway & Way Ports. July ltt
Santa Ana Cooks Inlet A Way Pts July 1«
Dolphin...... Skagway ft.Way Ports. iJuly is
City Topeka.. fckagway & Way Ports. i July Is
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports -IJuly 19
Kureka. ....... Nome ....> »*July 20
Spokane Skagway A Way Ports. July 21
Cottage City. . Skagway A Way Ports. July 22
Oregon Nome July -tl
THE SAN FEAKCISCO CALL, MONDAY, "JULY 13, 1903.
to sail:
9
PEttSOSAlIs.
A— FACIAL ULUMlisliZb iTlIHOVKU.
Wrinkles. y«.-i!e*» uv.i il&iiby sk:r..Lirtl:mark».
tn^ctlpox jiittusgs and tsars ."-cieatlf.ci.lly re-
lieved without cutting. ::¦.«*>?;-»'. «lectr;c:ty or
r..cCicine; special demonstration ih's weelc.
• ~&:i t.t write r>K L. WILMAM.-..S71 Geary.
SrTilU'lil.'.'t;. ci«i.ni *nd ;*udanuta baUta cured
at hcire by a pwalMC bOBM irtatment; ia-
ticrtfd and ute<l by l?*i".nK physicians ; corr»-
trcnder.c-t strictly ocnfiifnt:»:; jn pUln. seal-4
rsvetope: f-jili or "vTtte to-<l»y. India L»rug
Our*. £01 Turk t-t.; Iiruce V. Klmrr.lg. Mgr.
HEALTH Coltmc Mpp.tal Cnltare. Physicil
Culture. Thi* CflXnblnaUos :nsu:<*s the lu'l-
cct realization of all the b«rt that life af-
l-.rde. Write fcr *if< ial Sree xnal offer.
1'rof. Anderrcn. Df;>t C. ooO Market st.
-JiE ?lar Hair iitn:edy restore* Cray hair, trn-
rroves it* growth; stops lalHrccures d*.ndrufl
and Hcr.inu tcalp; no stain cr stickiness;
*.«ar.see fccsJr; at dru£g'.*U'. hairdre:-;; rs : ac-
< <-r t no £ut>stitut«. i-'.arUemccyC-J. ¦¦>*•-» i»***y.
NoT hew chep. but b0W t-ood. is the EMCU of
th* -r.ar.jffccu.rer? if the lUpid Hotar/
s-tacdard. the m wlr.g-mar'iinr ot to-aay. j.^ _
VV. EVANS, a^cnt. 10g£ Market st-
i'lITt-'ICAX, 15 years' eiDerienc.. cupm per-
manently moi-phim:. oocsfr.e habit. Call or
.::•.-.- Central rharrr.arj. SI orant a\e.,
corr.fr Sutter ft.; fre
V.AXTTn— The ax^uatoUnee of a middle-aged
woman ; object, raatriiacny. Address box
l^< 7. OI! office.
AT l.-s* than coft. uncailed tor fults . ov^rco.t.
*r.d trousers, at CH>BI.F3 LiO.\t>. Lonica
Tailor, 7^1 Market St. . i
L'ANCING Tttcaday. Thursday. Saturday and
"rucday enaizifi £* Tcator.ia Ha.l. Howara
Ft., near N:nth: tr-anaggment I-rof. Fcsttr. '
ELEGANT suits "ci rMf Installments; 60 cent.
and up per vr.*k. LKON LLMOt*. 1127 Mar-
ket *t . between Seventh and Eighth.
FflTS to order on installmtr.ts. $1 t>er wwk.
Neuhaus & Cc.. merch. tailors, 727-723 Market.
ALL Ttvley 5i^!nir.-rf:r.iL iSc: ha:r goodf : mant-
cunnit 2.V. O. LEI'^T'.r.R. 123 Stockton «t.
TAILOR-MAJ-'i: suit f7 60; dress pants $2 00.
Misfit detain* Parlor, ccr. Bush and Dupont.
EUPIERFLUOCS ha!r and moles removed by
electric rw<B«. Pr &Mrs.Traverse.ll7OMarjtet.
M ASOuTIii A LK coftutnre. rlay books, wit;*,
country or-JTrs. GOLDSTEIN A- CO.. 733 Mkt-
ALFREDL'M'S Erryptiaa Henna restores rrav
hsfr to its catnral c^inr: $1 ; at all drUR-gists.
fuperflui-.us hair & moles retnoved with elec- I
tr!«* needle Mrs. A- Miss Eaton. 1110 Sutter. j
VARICOSE veins and catarrh cure! at home.
Cull or write for testimonial?. DR. WILL-
TAMS ro.. 140 Hfirv ft'. Sv F.
PAL,?.! ISTI*. Y.
• LA3XATCR. the cn'y Kast Ir.dia psychle
r-A ralrr.ist. 20".« Kearay pt.. city; Jl up.
firERHAXGIXG. PAINTING. ETC.
;. MS papered. $3 SO up: tinting, painting.
,r--r:a,.-.n Paint Co.. 3Ii> 3d st. : tel. Main 413
PAHTXEH8 WASTED.
: r^ 1 — LADY piirtnfT wanted; one-tliird lnter-
''¦••¦1 -'".I Kfarry ft., t-ai^l'rancigco.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
niE Girlf' Directory Orphan Asylum hereby
t:\fj notice that the followins orphan and i
;.a'f-orph.ii:i cirls and boys have been ad- j
: :td to the asylum from. Janu-
1. lJXC. to July 1. lS»0.i:
:< t Dutro. » yrs. : Augusta Dutro, C yrs. :
- Fatiina. 12 yrs.; Louise Feccina, 10
: Jcffjhiiie Feecjtia, S yrs. ; David Fcc-
laa, <: yrs.-. Joseph O.aney. 5 yrs.; Rosa
?efta. « yrs.; Gasper Caitc'.I, b yrs.; 'Wil-
GutcIL 6 vrs. ; Martin Castcll, 4 yrs.;
1'iie Cano. S yrs.; Nettle Cano. « yrs.;
;hsel Cano. 4 yr«. ; Gertie Robinson. 1 yr.
' mo?.; May Concly. 7 yr*. : Ira. Conely. 0
yrs.: <Jti* Con«.!y. 4 its.; Benjamin de Rose.
- • rs : Maim oe Hose. 12 yrs.; Marcaret
¦ ¦..;., K' vrs.; Emma Cowep, 6 yrs.; Maria
•"..;,, S yrt. : Willie Cowe;>. 3 yrs. 6 mos.;
jr.uel Belccldi. 4 yra. 2 raos. ; Pauline )
• U v:>. : Micharl Martros=ar.ti. <$ yrs.:
"'.ary BclbVich. 10 yrs.: Antonet Bclovich. 8
. :? .: Charley del Grtr.di, 1 yrs.: Louise del
Grradl, <J yrs.: Marion Chapman, 5 yrs. 6
i : Ufimr.na Chapman. 3 yrs. « mos.; May
Chapman, 1 year « mos.; Remond Schwell. 4
r.. : Ella Creque. G yr»=.: Agnes V. Johnson.
7 yr-F. • J^-am V."ii!?h. 9 jts.; VSTi'-llam Me-
K.-n^ey. S yrs.; Isabel McKensey. » yrs.;
(''harlot irorer.stn. « yYs. ; r>cmarJine Flynn.
:. vrs. 6 mos.; Catherine iluri'hy. 8 yrs. ti
•:»!-.: Sarsh Murpfcy. 2 yrs.; Jo«r>h Mahor.er,
•J >:¥.: ilary loaostsa, 7 yrs.; Nellie John-
rtoa, Z yri.; 3amee Johnston, 2 yr?.; Clara
JafanMd. 10 yrs. 7 mos.; Ethel \Vagner. «j
i ri-. ; Maria Kir.?. 7 yra. ; Rose King. 5 yrs. ; i
\V:nfr*d Kine, X ym. 6 mos.; Ucr.ry King,
1 rear 5 mos. ; gam Schmidt. 3 yr*. ; Mary
Me Nick.:;* 7 yrs.; Apnes McNickeils. 7 yrs.;
Emily McX'lckells. & : John \Vairner. 12
\r*.;' Maria Wagner, 10 lif.; Chester Wap-
r.«T * yrs.; Clara Futter»r. 9 yrs.; Lewis |
< h«^>re!lo. « >t*.; Eva Narvis. 7 jrs. : Joha j
Hendcrbon. 3 yrs.: Marga.rct Banaan. 6 yrs.; !
J'.hn Gro*n. 3 yrs. ; Jicr.r>- Pamne. 4 yra.:
Oil* Brasd. 3 jit. : Maria Walsh. 1 year t>
mot.; E!:z»litX»i Kelly. -2 -t«.; WiUie Sum- j
m<Ti. 2 yr? 4 rcos.; Michad Lr,rue, 2 yn*. 2 j
rncs=.: Jotfjhine Baker. 1 year 4 mos.; Etsie
Je:ikir,i« 2 its. t> rr.«>s. ; Anr.'.e McDonnell, !«
r-rt.; S-'ad^ Mason, 7 yr«. ; Frank Loran. Si
yry.; Airr^ef Buckley. 12 >t«.; Lotti" Camp- j
bt-U C yry : E'la Moran S yrs.; Margaret
: t&a 2 yrs.; Ida Andersen, 4 yrs. 2 tnos.; •
F:or»nre Bucklej-, 0 yrs. 2 EM*. : Dor* j
G!e:s<-hner, 4 yrs. ; Addie Wcyhcr, 5 yrs.: .To
BepI) Bwayne, 1 year 2 ieos.: Rachael Myers.
2 5TJ=. ; Lil!;e Kearney. 1 year <> mo?.; Michael
M can, 2 yrs. ; Vlnlet Pickett, 10 yrs.; Frar.k
¦White 4 yr?. ; John WiKln. 4 yrs.; Joseph I
MiH<>r[ 5 yrs.: Oracle Hcpton. 7 yrs.; Carri-
Coliir.s. <S yrt.; Harriet Meehan. VI yrs.: John I
K.-.:.'. - yrs.: Grz.de Mihigan.-ll yrs.; Joseph
Rlcrdtn. <"• yrf.; Hmma Ca»irb«-en. 7 yrs.:
Tberesa K1XL 3 yrs.; Leonard Fisher. 8 yrs.;
Ar.r.a MuMor. H yrs.: LiUie Cashell. 4 yrs.;
tlotcacc NdKn, - yrs.: Kofiie Fotett, 4 yrs.,
Tt.*T**a. Iloctld. 5 >rs.: Ar^nle Brae. 2 yrs. ;
Frt-d Conley. :; yrs.; Mary Bryant, 4 yrs.; Al-
bert Nichol'i, 4 yrs. to rnos.; G»org:e Hoffman,
6 yrs.; A!:-~» NirhoIIr. 7 yrs.; Antonia Louise,
2 yrs. ; Tberesa Kicher, 8 jts.: Myrtle Fisher.
7 yrs.: Mar>- Srr.ld. 7 yr». ; Hilda Holvereon.
If" yrt.; Esther Jl-Iverson. C yrs.; Lizzie
Kfpan, 7 yre. ; Cf lia Rcean. 5 *rrs. : Mary
R^par.. * yrs.; Ph;lomer.a Morse, 2 yr*.: John
!>:«? ¦l::ri. 7 yis.; Uuz*l Roche. 10 yrs.
NOTICE — The secretary c! the Ean Francisco |
' Protertart Orphan Asylum Society herewith [
fives notice that the following orphan and
i.ii'.I -orphan p;r:s and boys have lxen admit-
ted to the ayylurn on Hbight and Lacuna
f's.. ircm Jan. 1. 1903 to July 1. 1303:
Maix-1 G Clark 8 yrs. and 10 mos.; Dora
U. Campbell. » yrs. ; Martha Brown. 9 yra.
4 moE.: Annie Brown 7 yrs. 1 no.: Christina
Ctrirtiariscn 15 yrs.; Lulu A. De&iil. 3 yrs.:
Louis* Mot-r. 7 yrs.; Alice E. Wh'.KBtnian. 11
Ar.nie Goassel 7 yrs.; Martha GoasseL
5 yrs.; Dalits R. Clark. 7 yrs. 3 mos.: Frank
O C!s-rk. 5 yrs. 2 nius.; Josej>h A. Keenan. 3
*>rs a racs. ; Jaaes Keenan. 2 yrs.; Herman
Mchr 5 yrs. 6 mos.; Albert William Whieht-
ir.ai! 7 yr*. : Albert CaJdwen. 2 yrs. 1 mo.;
Harold W. Anderson. 3 yrs.; Frederick Goas-
mt-l. 9 yrs.. and Henry Koenicke. B yrs.
TUG Ptciflc Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Home
fcociety heieby £iv*s notice that they have
admitted Into the orphanage from January 1.
1903, to June 30, 19O."S, the foilowinjr named
r>rphar.F and half orphans, beys and girls,
v.z: Louif Levin, aped 7 year*: Irene W.'tl.
afd 9 years 3 Tno^t^s; Helen We'.l, agr'd 8
years 2 month*: Charles Bernstein, a-jed 12
years: Harry Bernstein. a*ed 10 yeare tf
roontliE: i:<lna Weil. «*red C years fl raonthe;
Sadie Slarkowitz. a^ed fl yean 5 months:
Louis Robert Cousins, aped 10 years 3
rucr.ths; Matilda Ftcne. aged 8 years H
mrnthf ; Is=ador Klein, aged 8 years; So'omon
Kirln. as f d 5 years 7 months; Ida Miller,
aprd 10 years 0 months; Rose Miller, aged G
> '-ars ; Lawrence Maurice Beck, cged 5 yeart;
I'cr-o Elver, cred 4 years 11 months.
DIVIDKXO XOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Phoecix garlics.
Bu.IgShk and Loan Afsociatlcn, No. 538 Call-
lurr.ji bt_. San Francisco. Cal.. has declared
i*ir.i-ar.nual dividend* to June PM, ViVi, pay-
fcble July iO, 1903, at the foMowing rates, to
tiit: On installment certificates, a per cent
• per annum; time deposits, 6 per cent \*r an-
num; saviTiRS accountb <withdrawible at any
time). 4li jier cent per annum. A. A. Wat-
kins, president; C. R. Bishop, vice president;
K. Prertiss Smith, treasurer; C, Granee.
msnac'.nirr drrector.
DIVIDEND NOTICX — The Nevada National
Tank of S.m Fraactiico — At a regular meet-
ing cf the boerd of directors of this bank,
-lieid July 7. 1SG3. a dividend wm declared for
tli* 1-alf year «rn<iinr June 30. li"(W, at the
late of 7 L«tr cent per annum, payable on
and Bftrr t!;fc JSth iirt. Transfer bocks will
be closed from the JOth *• the 15tb lnet..
tcth Cays inciu»ri»-ft. gan Francisco. July 7,
r.-Oa. GEORGE GnANT, Secretary.
v i P KJCD NOTICE— French EavingB Bar.<
S15 MonJgcmcry et. For the half year end-
ir-r Juce uO, 1U03. a dividend has been de-
cisrt-d it the rate cf three and one-eighth
'!¦*) per rent per annum on all ¦':¦: om;s
Jrte of taxes; payable on and after \Ve<lne&-
<5ay. July 3. i:«W. CHARLES CARPy. Pre«-
:^er,t : LKX.r; RO^QITEKAZ. t-ecrttary.
PHOPOSALS.
i'ltOPoSALS f^Tron^^pe^NoT^SiJ New
IMontit'-rr.^ry n.. >^ n Francisco, California,
July 1.^ l'j';3.— Sealt-d |iroi>o«:l«, !n triplicate,
will be received here until 11 o'clock a. m..
Aujruct 12. 1903, for furnis-hinir about 4HH>
t:n* ran-u-'-n ii!r>e and 12.'X«i feet iraJvanlzed
Iron pipe, v.ith UttlltCa, d«-llver»-d at ships'
Uidclfe in Kan Krar.cisco. The Cnited KUites
r»-str\-e« the right to accept or reject any or
all proposals <»r ary part thereof. Informa-
tion and Mar.k prc*K>sals furr.'.shad on appli-
cation. Envelops will b» indorsed "fni-
potiaSs for Iron Pin*," and addressed Major
C. A. Devol. QuartermAtter, V. S. Army,
Depot Quartermcster.
A.N FI'.ANCISCO. CAL.. "june~ZJ, J*0X —
"Jilcd rrop&fcalr. !n triplir^-.c. tartU be n-
*lv*d here until 11 o'clock a. ra., July -^!.
.U03, and then cjitr.td for con*tn:cUsn or
t:am« buildings. ln<-iv«!!iig rluniblr.g. wirt;it
I i.r.d lit-nllnK. nt Tort Miic-y and Fort Baker,
I ,Cal. Government reserves rixht to reject ur
I acct-pt tny or nil bids in whole or la paru
I Informstion furnitbed en apviUfelion to J.
I MtE. HYDE, Deputy guartennasur Gen-
I '-~al. Cbitl Q. M.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
eEteamers leave San Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchtkan, JuneaO.
Skagway, etc., Alaska — 11 a.
m.. July 10. 15. 20. 23. 3O.
August 4. Change to com-
pany's steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
eoma. Everett, Whatcora— 11
a. m.. July 10. 13, 20, 25. 30. August 4. Chang*
at Seattle to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle for Ticom* to N-
P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka IHumbold* Bay) — Pomona. l:3O
p. rn.. July 9. 15. 21. 27, August 2; Corona.
1:30 p. m.. July 12, 18. 24. 30. August S.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles an*
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara— Santa
Rosa. Sundays, 0 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays, f> a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (Saa
Luis Obispo), Ventura and Hueneote.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. July 8, I 1 *, £4, August 1.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jos* del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata, La Pax. Santa Bo-
salla. Gusyroas (Mex.). 10 a. rn. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates.
TTCV'TT O^TOF-R — « N« w Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street ami
Broadway wharf.
Freight Office, 10 Market street.
C. D. DCNANN. Oeneral Passenger Agent.
10 Market st. San Francisco.
O. R. & /V. CO.
•¦Columbia" satis July 12. 22. Aug. 1. 11, 21.
31 "Georire W. Elder*' nails July 17. 27, Aujr.
6. IS. -"G. Only steamship line to PORTLAND.
OR. and short rail lin« from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all points, all
rail or steamship and rail, at LOWEST
RATES. Steamer tickets Inelode berth and
meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear- st. at 11 a.
m P. F. BOOTH, Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept.. I
Montgomery fct: C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Aft. Frt.
Dept.. 3 Montgomery «t. , .
TDYO KiSEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL.* STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. in., for YOKOHAMA.
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on beard on day of sailing.
S S NIPPON MARU.... Friday. July 31. 1903
S. S. AMERICA MARU ll"^Ll
Wednesday. August W. 1003
S s"HONGKONO MARU (Calling at Ma-
nlla) Saturday. September It). 1903
Via Honolulu. Round-trtp tickets at reduced
rates- For freight and passage, apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, comer First.
*^ W. H. A VERY. General A«ent-
««¦ sdNOMA for Honolutu, Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney*. Thursday. July 1«. 2 p, m.
k4 : ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. July 23. 11 a. m.
Ss! MAR1POSA. lor Tahiti. Aug. 13. U a. m.
ij. 5PSECXEL3 1 BS3S.C3^ Aftx.. TsJtit arCca,B43 lartrtS
Fce*a!it Bfflsi. SZ1 Marti! it.?kr la. 1. Paeife SL
CQXFAS5I5 BSUISJLLB TBilTSAfLAOTIQtH
LINE TO HAVRE-PARIi
3dS Vt^ol^^m^r^'^BB
ord-clsss to Havre. $45 and upward. OKN-
S-RAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
JKaDA S3 Broadway (Hudson bulldlng>.
vtw York! J. F. FUOAZ1 A CO.. Pacific Co*5t
a cents 5 Montgomery avenue. Baa FmncUca.
Ttrk° t*' ¦""Id by *» Railroad Tfe»l*et A«»nt».
Alar • Island anfl VaH«}o fltsamsrs.
Steamer GEN. FRI3BIE or MONTICELLO
— »-4A aT m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. «x. Sunday.
Sunday. 9:4» a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves Vallejo.
T a. m.. 12:30 noon. • p. m.. e*. Sunday. Sun-
day 7 a. m.. +:15 p. m. Fare. fO cents. Tel-.
Main 1509. Pier 2. Mission-*", dock. HATCH
BROS.
Weekly^aiii$1.00 pep Year
HEM, ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.)
W. J. GUNN, " ------
st >¦«.> « ,.., K0 CALIFORNIA STREET.
*l.c0O— BuildlPg lets, very choice, in that I
new and desirable neighborhood where I
r-rJt- class and costly residences are go- j
•*iK up: 25x120 each, with pretty view ,
=!i4 looking into Presidio on h:eh '
ETouno; street work done; a few step*
rrom the electric cars; easy terms can
*»• arranged; you can pay In install-
•ncn-s; wwt tide of Sixth ave.. north
of Lake st., up toward the Presidio
«irt/w.*% Our slKn on th *' l°tc
?l".0CC-Gre«n. north side, just east of De-
vlsadero; 30x106; the choicest residence
lot or. Pacific Heights with grand ma-
__rlne view. j
J1....O-— Union, north fide, west from Broder-
«« <-nn ,'; cls ***tOOj fine marine view; cheap. ;
*_,..oo— ¦ tnion. north eide. near Scott; lot*
— 1X1I0; cheap.
«S-a P U8lnrSia lot on I'nion. 00x110.
*SuO— 1 lot left on north fide A. near Eighth
ave.. 25x100; cheapest lot In Richmond:
sewered, leady for building: 3 lines cars;
tan borrow $c00; fine buy; or will sell
• •* «c-n° n !nf *a!2nients. $100 firft payment.
.*x.u only for both— Another bargain: 2 lots
a frw stepp from park; Kulton-st. cars
pac*; M>xl20; marine view.
W. J. GUNN.
S.TO California st.
A SMALL tract of Iar.4 that is ivo^Jed and
ras stream, or creek, in sltely location is
regulr.d by a club within reasonable dls-
atnc« et Ssr. Francisco; staU price and give
dcscn:.tion; propositions will be considered
i:1ko c:" lsnd on McCloud River or in Lake
Taboe r-?glon. W. J. GUNN. 530 Callfcr-
ni-., ct.
?4.VtO— FOR sale: 2 new 2-fiat houses. Just fin-
; ished. containing 4 and 5 rooms; separate
yard and basement for each flat; open plumb-
ing and all modern conveniences; on Golden
Gata ave.. near North Willard St.; 2 blocks
from Golden Gate Park. Apply on premise*
or at 226 North Willard st. ; take McAlllster-
tt. cars.
FOR SALE— Make offer for 6 lots: all level;
no grading necessary; a fin* location for a
name; close to Mlsrlon electric car: corner
Brazil ave. and Munich et. : will sell one or
all. Address A. G. CLARK, care of Call
Cusiress office. t
WHOLE block of houses Just started near the
Park en Carl. Cole. EhraderiParnissus ave. ;
plan* terms, prices to suit; apply premises.
JAMES ROUNTREE & CO.. 137 Carl st.
FOR BALE — House of H rooms, high base-
ment; sunny side of Nineteenth St.. between
Valencia and MIsslon>rnust sell; no reason-
able offer refused. STEPHENS & CO., 221
Powell st.
THE BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPA-
• NY. 511-512 Callaghan building, will buy you
a lot and build you a house; small cash pay-
ment- $8 per month pays principal and ln-
," terett on each $1000 of balance due.
$3200— Bargain; 314 Fair Oaks St., near 24th;
: C-rocm cottage, bath, etc.: lot 30x125.
. THOMAS McCRAITH. Hali of Records.
FOR sale — New 7-room modern cottage; nicely
decorated; easy terms. 27 Lizzie, nr. 30th
! and Mission. Apply owner. 3252 Mission st.
INVESTMENTS fcouth of Market St. from $1500
to J.1 5.000, paying from 10 to 15 per cent.
Syndicate Investment Co.. 207 Montgomery.
! NEW houses and Cats on Second ave. and C
t,t. for *ale on easy payments; one block to
McAllister cars: prices to suit you; open.
I i K16S0 — House S room? and bath: brick founda-
. j tlon. MADISON & BURKE. 30 Montgomery.
'¦ HOME lots In the Mission, J50O; $10 monthly;
no Interest. Owner. 636 Clay St.. room 1.
- REAL ESTATE Country — For S»'c-
: FOP. SALE BY C. S. CAPP & CO..
! Real Estate Agents, 630 Market st.
; Fifty acres In heart of Ml'.l Valley. Marin
' County; convenient to railroad; suitable for
picnic grounds or subdivision Into building
1 lots: to be soiJ as a whole. f
1 Over feoOO acres flne stock lands In Monterey
and San Benito counties; well watered and
! I very desirable.
J Also 1220 acres adjoining: good stock land; for
¦ 6ale separately or together.
' Over 800 acres in Fresno County; 10 miles fiom
i Fresnn: with canal and right of way; on the
• line of S. P. R. R. and San Joaquin River.
A full block in Fresno; well located and a bar-
I pain.
¦ 4S0 cr 640 acres in Tehama County, within
s mile or so of railroad; near Hooker sta-
{ tlon. 10 miles north of Red Bluff.
! ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards.
,. vineyards: lnjpected bargains; monthly cata-
: ' l-gue sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., 648
• i Market st.
• SAN 3IATEO RB.iL ESTATE.
FOR tale — 5'i acres. l"-» miles from San Ma-
» tec- 6-room house; barn And chicken-boupes:
l ] acre in fruit trees; price $5300. JOSEPH
; j in VIS, gan Mateo.
j I for Fai e or to rent. 4?i acres near San Mateo:
. i Improvement*. Inquire GRUMON.' 25 Post.
I ! ~ REAL. ESTATE WASTED.
t — _ , .
i 7 OR S room residence, centrally located; not
- j over $4fQ0. part cash. Box 1199. Call.
¦Iaumeda advertisements.
i 2
c ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
¦ ! DELANOY & RANDLETT.
i 1330 PARK ST., ALAMEDA.
I I
; We have fold the last house we bad built
: In our Bay Side Tract.
: On any lot we have left will build you a
. heme of any size or style you may select, so
: call at our office and examine plans.
AVe intend to commence a new 6-room bun-
- gaJow this week; something flne; easy terms.
• DELANOY & BARTLETT. 1336 Park St.
\ JUST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR!
t i A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
' j Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
i I train and schools; only I2&00; lot 75x125.
Nice 5-roem cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
Tel. Grand 1461. 1500 Park ft.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
1 fl75 TAKES lot 50x113. MURDOCK & CO..
I Lorin station.
- Alex. Murdock & Co., Lorin station. Berkeley—
Keal estate brokers, owners, builders, etc.
j OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
\ OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
j $100 DOWN — In . Piedmont; monthly pay-
) ments; cottage of 5 rooms, all in nice
x condition; close to care; street work all
done.
; $3000 — Nearly new, modern colonial cottage of
C rooms, high basement, brick foundation,
: porcelain bath, sanitary plumbing, all In
fine condition; lot 5C*xl40 (note the size);
street work nil done; stone • sidewalks
laid; cpen lawn; choice residence loca-
tion; near Grove st ; flne barn, gravel
j driveway, garden and a few fruit trees;
Bust be sold; owner away; cannot be
j - duplicated at the price; must be eeen to
. t.e appreciated; tenna of payment If de--
tired.
' $35<Xi — Ea?t!ake cottage of 6 rooms, bath, high
basement; lot 34x135; good email barn;
all In flne condition; for rent at $25 per
month; No. 5«57 25th St., near Grove.
I Send for 8-page printed catalogue.
. GEORGE W. AUSTIN,
r 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
\ OA1vLAXD^K£ r:vitiltub for SALE.
¦ FURNITURE good and cheap this month. U.
' SCHELLHAAS. 40S Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ROO3IS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
- A NEW apartment bouse; furnished and un-
i furnished rooms; new management; elevator;
• hot and cold water. 1043 Market, opp. Jones.
. AT Mayflower; cut rates now for summer. 008
Sd tt.; $5 up; also beautiful rooms $1 week.
' DIAMOND. S19— Three nicely furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; bath. ::"' ,.- ..:-
' ELEVENTH, 10C— Sunny furnished rooms com-
• plcte for housekeeping.
', FILLMORE, 2219— 4~large furnished rooms;
i bath; housekeeping; choice; $30.
• HERBERT (The)— Sunny apartments for'
« housekeeping; gas ranges; Just newly rur-
r nlthtd. 1530 Polk st.
1 KEARNY, 104—3 newly papered sunny unfjir-
nlehed rooms; $20; references.
r MCALLISTER. «37— 3 nice large unfurnished
sur.ny rooms; bath and yard.
' MISSION. 1C04. cm-. Twelfth— Nicely furnished
frcnt bay-window room: sun all day;
kitchen connecting; no children.
\ OAK. 17 — 3 fur. rms; housekeeping; bath; ele-
gant location; convenient to all cars; private.
• O'KARRELL. 431—2 sunny rooms, furnished
for housekeeping. -^ '
• STOCKTON. 12O&— Model house; new "lrnlsa-
t <S housekeeping rooms; $5 and $13
ROOMS FOR HfiliSF.KEEPIXfl— Con.
TEHAJIA, 44 — 2 front housekeeping room.3.
TURK, siS^Furnlshed rooms for housekeep-
ing; gas. bath and phone.
VALENCIA. 1S7— Three large, sunny rooms,
furnished complete for housekeeping; separate-
entrance frcnt and back, with bath and gas;
no small children; rent $22 50.
VAN NESS ave.. 706 — Three basement rooms
In rear complete for housekeeping. SIS.
A BRANCH offlee for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C96 -
Valencia 6t. - ¦¦••¦.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfurn.
A— - ' .
GRAND ARMY OF THE REPUBLIC.
ENCAMPMENT AUGUFT, 1!X)3.
The Committee on Hotels and Accommoda-
tions ci the Grand Army of the Republic
has arranged
With the
CITY ROOM RENTING AGENCY.
1104 Market St., cor. Turk and Market, ¦
Rooms 3 anJ 4, Phone Jecsle 4471,
To net with the Committee in locating
visitors to the Encampment, in private . i
residences, boarding and' roominz houses.
Householders desiring to accommodate visit-
ors ure requested to notify without delay, the
City Room Renting Agency ofysuch accom-
modations as they have to offer. None but
thoroughly respectable houses will be listed,
and the same will be subject to inspection by
a representative of the Agency, and In all
cases must be approved by the G. A. R.
Committee of Management before visitors
will be assigned thereto.
A. A. — City Rocm Renting Agency,
1104 Market st.. cor. Turk and Market sts..
» Rooms 3 and 4. Phone Jessie 4471.
FREE FREE
We locate you free of charge
In Rooms with or without board.
Housekeeping Rooms or Hotels.
A— HOTEL NETHERLAND — EUROPEAN
PLAN. IS TURK ST., 4 DOOKS FROM
MARKET; 250 OUTSIDE ROOMS; STEAM
HEAT AND TELEPHONE IN EVERY
ROOM: RATES 75c A DAY UP; SPECIAL
RATES BY THE MONTH.
A — HOTEL GRAYSTONE, !
06 GEARY ST.. PHONE BUSH 8S0.
CENTRALLY LOCATED; ELEGANT SUITES
j WITH BATH AND SINGLES.
AN elegant, sunny room for $3 a week ; single
rooms $10 a month; bay-window suites $20
up; cars direct to ferry. Cliff House and
Park. 067 Sutter, near Leavenwoith.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open al! night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Filth st)— Rooms, 26c. 60c, $1, « 60 night;
fl 60 to $10 week; bouse open all night.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk— 3. 4 and 5 room apart-
ments for hkpg.: strictly mod.; elec. elevator.
', ARDELL. 15 Page — Large furnished house-
: keeping rms.. double beds. $1 25. $1 60. $2wk.
! A LARGE furnished room for 1 or 2 genU;
| bath: running water; references. 889 Post st.
i BURNETT, 1426 Market— (old No. 13fri)— Fur-
nlsbed rooms, suites, single; also furnished.
CLIFFORD— 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished eunny rooms; prices reasonable.
•ELLIS, 413 — Nicely furnished rooms; private
family; modern conveniences.
GEARY. 402 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
$2 50 to $4 50 per week; strictly quiet.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 50c
to $1 20 night; ti to $6 week; reading-room.
GRANT ave.. 7 — Nicely furnished sunny suite;
also single rooms. $2 to $7 week.
HARRISON, 1626, cor. Thirteenth— Large,
sunny room, sirltable^for 2; reasonable.
HOTEL ST. VINCENT. 541 Slxtto — Beautifully
furnished; rooms slngi« or en suite; $1 per
wt-ek up.
LAPIDGE, 29 — Sunny furnished room for gen-
tleman; private family; no ether rooms.
I O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
ct flees; elevator; elec. lights; day. week, mo.
POLK, 1W3 — 1 large, newly furnished, sunny
front room; running water; $10.
! ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
; rtading-room. smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rccms per night. S5o to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month, $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SUTTER, 1531—1 large front furnished room
with private bell and telephone.
TO let — A newly furnished front bay-window
room In new modern flat, with uce of bath;
15 minutes from Third and Market sts. ; north
clde cf Market; bsndy to 3 car lines; must
have references. Box 13, Call offlee.
TURK, 416, Reglna— Beautiful sunny suites &
single; latest Impts ; lowest rates In the city.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy «t-. near Market
— 400 single and family rooms; &5c to $1
night; $1 75 to $6 week; elevator; eleetrlo
lights; reading-room; free bus and baggage.
VAN NESS ave.. 519 — Renovated; handsome
sunny furnished suites front rms; mod, cony.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
S5c to $150 nlglf; $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room; free bus; baggage.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AM0Y~THE~ Ml DEV1SADERO ST.
Strictly nm-class family hotel; sunny rooms,
suite or single: billiards; steam heat.
VAN NESS. 1714— Select private boardlng-
house; rooms single or en suite; desirable lo-
cation; all conveniences of home.
OLD Btevenson Mansion, opp. Grac» Church,
with annex 807 California et. — Attractive In-
terlor; exceptional table; frea bllllard-room.
1C20 GEARY— Large sunny room; hot and
cold water; gentleman preferred.
HAYES. C71-jNlce front room, with board, for
gentleman; private family; reasonable.
EILVER. 83 — Furnished eunny rooms; suitable
for gentlenian; excellent board; reasonable.
THE JOHNSON. COS O'Farrcll st. — Sunny
suites and single rooms, wtth board: refs.
ROOMS WANTED.
TWO furnished rooms for housekeeping; Sev-
enth and Broadway; for man and wife and
2 children. State terms, M. M., Western
Meat Co.. Oakland.
~BPECIAJLISTS.
CATARRH^ IdKAFNESS and NOISE8 in EAR3
coeltively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlnsham. 204 Sutter st.
DR. CARRIE EDWARDS, eye. ear. note and
throat. Removed to 428 Eddy st.
SESWIKG MACHINES AND . SUPPLIES
$15 r.O drop-head oak. guaranteed; second-hand,
S6 to $16: some neatly new; 60 days' exchange
agreement. Chicago S.M.Exchange, 033 Mkt.
St bet. 6th and 6th; phone South 433; eleva-
tor: branch. 2Sfi Geary St.: phone Main 760.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE System School, Van Ness and
Market: positive cure for all. Don't delay.
STORAGE AND i WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage A Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 7-.'»-
731 Howard 6t., near Third; phone Grant 161.
P1ERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell ef. ; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 833 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 120.
GOLDEN Wett Storage ; advances made; 8J0
Mission St.; tel. Howard »41. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWIUTERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREATMBARGAINS INTYPEWRITERS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
exchange, 63 tt California; telephone Main 266.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. A M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st. - - ;
SD-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Impee. Co.. 209 Sansoma.
BIRTHS-MARBMES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the nublicatlon offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. -
DfED.
Adler. Elkan Ivers, Nellie
Agard. Cecilia ; Kldd, William L.
Atnbjorni-on, Lars G. Lynn. Mauritz K.
Arthur, Sadie E. McConologue. Mary f
Brennan, All. ' McMahon. Christina
Brown, Amelia A. Merrill. William B. '
Clark, Rose C. ; Newbert, George W.
Cowan. Joseph H. . Nunes, John S.
Devlncenzi, Glrolama ' Parker. "Mary D. '
Eckles. Elsla E. Qulnlan. Peter B.
Foster. Elizabeth 8chnutenhaus, Ed-
Goicovlch. Splro mund
Grlffln, Jessie E. ' Spotorno, Eleanor
Guerln. Fltz W. Wlnans, John C.
Hetzel. Edward C. Wheeler, Miss L.
Hodglcins, Mary M. ~ -
i ADLER— In thla city, July 12. 1003, Elkan
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MEMBERS of Western Addition CaraD No. i
30«, ¦ W. O W. — You are requested to attend
the funeral of our late neighbor. G. W. ,
Newbert. Monday, at 0 o'clock, from his late
residence. 318 Noe-ttrtg. g £
V. F. de ROCO. Clerk. > .
NUNES — In Sausallto, July 11, 1903, John S.,
beloved ' hunband ef Rose Nunes, a native of
Portugal, aged 47 years.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock sharp, from his
late residence. Sausallto, thence to St.
Mary's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
Interment Sausallto Cemetery.
PARKER— In this city. July 10. 1903. Mary
Diantha. beloved wife of Francis J. Parker,
and mother of C. M. T. Parker, a native of
Massachusetts, aged 77 years 9 months and
7 day*. (Springfield. Mass., and Chicago pa-
pers please copy.)
EXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Monday, July 13, 1903. at 2 o'clock, at the
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery by electric funeral car from corner
of Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 2:30
p. m. {
QUINLAN— In New York City. July 7, 1903,
Peter B. Qulnlan. father of Mrs. M. O. Wat-
son. Mrs. C. B. Delaney and W. S. Qulnlan.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesda- X July 1J, from his late residence,
716 Golden Gate avenue, at 9:30 o'clock,
thence to St. Ignatius Church for services at
10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery
by electric funeral car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets.
SCHNUTENHAUS— In Manila. P. I.. May 31.
1903, Edmund Schnutenhaua. only and be-
loved son of Edmund and Margaret Schnu- '
tenhaus, a native of San Francisco, aged 27
years 8 months and 2 days.
ICTFriends and. acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
July 14. at 10 o'clock, from IJ. S. G. "W\ Hall,
414 Mason street, where the funeral services
will be held, under the auspices of National
Parlor No. US, Native Sons of the Golden
West. Interment private. Odd FeMowa'
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
MEMBERS of National Parlor No. 118. N. S.
1 * G. W. : You are requested to attend the
- funeral of our late brotHer, Edmund Schnu-
tenhaue. Tuesday, at 9:30 a. m.. Native Sons'
Hall. 414 Mason street.
-" HENRY G. HOLLER, President.
W. V. DOUGHTY, Rec. Sec.
SPOTORNO— m Madrcne, Cal., July 9, 1903.
Eleanor, dearly beloved daughter of Gaston
P. and Wllhelmina Spotorno. and devoted sis-
ter of Gaston, Aline, Emll and Alexander
Spotorno, a native of San Francisco, aged 7
years.
GTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Monday, July 13. 1903. at 11 o'clock, at her
parents' residence. 718 Cole street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery by electric car.
WINANS— In this city, July 10, 1903, John
C. Wlnans. a native of New York City, aged
74 years 8 months and 8 days.
E7 Funeral from Trinity Episcopal Church
at 3 o'clock, Monday, July 13. Interment
private.
WHEELER— In Oakland, July 12. 1903, at
1653 Grove street. Miss Lavlnla Wheeler, be-
loved sister of Mrs. Eunice Crabtree and the
late Rev. O. C. Wheeler, a native of New
York, aged 102 years 5 months and 8 days.
Adler. beloved husband of Bertha Adler, and
father of Charles Adler of New York, Jake
Adler. Cella Hardy. Mrs. Bessie . Hutchings
. and Rose Relda. a native fit Bavaria, Ger-
many, aged 77 years 1 month and 10 days.
JETFuneral and interment private in Eter-
nal Home Cemetery Wednesday.
AGARD— In this city. July 10, 1003, Cecilia
Marlon, btlo\ed daughter of Mnrcusj Agard
and ihe late Anna' Agard, and sister of Laura
: and Florence Agard. a native of- California,
aged 21 years fc months and 10 days.
CXFrlend" and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral aervic s
Monday. July 13, at 1 o'clock, at her late
-residence. 43 Hardy street. - Interment Cy-
* prees Lawn Cemetery. bv carriage.
AMBJORNSON — In Sausalito, July 12. l!>03.
Lars Guetaf Ambjornson, dearly beloved hus-
¦ band of Johanna M.~ Ambjornson. and father
of Mrs. Henry' Prosser. Henry and Clarence
Ambjornson and Mrs. Charles H. Peters, aged
• 70 years 7 months and 20 days.
ET Friends and acquaintances and. mem-
bers of Bausalito Lodge No. 20, A. O. U.
..W., ara respectfully Invited, to attend the
funeral on Tuesday at 2:15 p. m., from the
chapel of the Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Inter-
ment private.
ARTHUR— In this city. July 10. 1903. Sadie
Ella Arthur, beloved mother of Stanley
Clisby and Violet Zoe Arthur, and sister of
Milts L.' Farland. a native of Canada, aged
40 year*- 4 months and IS days.
IcrFrieii-ifi and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Monday, -July 13, 1003, at 10 o'clock, at her
late residence. t>24 Post street, between Tay-
lor, and Jones. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
j tery. - • •
BRENNAX-In this city. July 2. 1903. All.
Brennan, a native of San Franctsco, aged 34
years. A member of Boilermakers' and Iron
Shipbuilders' Union, Local No. 25.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday) at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
McFadden, McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission
" street, between Seventh and Eighth.
BROWN— In this city. July 12. 1003. Amelia
A.^Brown, a native of New York City, aged
73 'years. /
CLARK— In Oakland, July 12. - 1003. Rose
C. Clark, beloved daughter of the late Ed-
ward and Emily Clark, and beloved niece of
Mrs. Mary Crosson, a native of San Fran-
cisco.
IC7"Friends are respectfully invited to at-
; tend the funeral to-morrow (Tuesday), at 8:30
o'clock, from the residence of her aunt. 1200
West street thence to the Church of Im-
maculate Conception, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery. * _
COWAN— In this city, July 12. 1JMJ3. Joseph
Hamer, son of John A. and Mary Cowan, a
native of England, aged 24 years and 9
months..
DEVINCENZI— In this city,' July 11, 1903,
Glrolama, beloved wife of the • late G. B.
Devincenzl, and mother of Giovanni, Cesare,
Luigi and Pasquale Devincenzi, Mrs. Annie
Mtiffio, Mrs. Silvia Dematel, Mrs. Maria
Dematei, Mrs. Rosa Mortede and Mrs. Cater-
lna Devincenzl. a native of Italy, aged tM
years S months and 6 days. -*
EDTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Monday. July 13. 1003, at 1:30 o'clock, at
her late residence, 160 Blake street, between
Point Lobos avenue and Santa Rosa street.,
N. B. — A requiem high mass will be cele-
, brated for the j-eDOse of her soul on ' the
same day at Holy Cross Church, Eddy street,
near Scott, commencing at 9 o'clock. .In-
terment Italian Cemetery.
ECKLES— In this city, July 11, 1903, Elsla
Evelyn, beloved and only dausfhter of Cle-
ment W. and Mary Eckles. a native of San
Francisco, aged 7 months and IS days.
ETFuneral Monday. July 13. 1003, at 2
o'clock, at 311S Twenty-third street. Inter-
ment CypreM Lawn Cemetery.
FOSTER — In this city. July 11, 1003, Elizabeth
Foster, beloved wife of John F. Foster, and
mother of Floyd, Hattie and Sydney Foster,
a native of Sacramento. (Portland, Or., pa-
pers please copy.)
K7"The funeral will take place Monday, at
1 o'clock, from her late residence. 318 Point
Lobos avenue, thence to Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets, via electric car. at 1:30
o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
GOICOVICH— In this city. July 11. 1903, Bplro
Goicovich, beloved cousin of Mitchell, Nicho-
las, Drago and George J. Goicovich, a na-
tive of Mokrine. Boche dl Cattaro, Austria,
aged 20 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
July 14, 1U03, at 1 o'clock, from the mortu-
ary chapel of J. S. Godeau,' 305 Montgomery
avenue, thence to Russian Church for ser-
vices. Interment Servian Cemetery.
GRIFFIN— In this city, July 11, lfKB. Jessie
K.. beloved wife of Samuel M. Griffin, and
mother of Raymond Earl Griffin, a native of
Maine, aecd 31 years.
E7"Frlend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tho funeral services
(Tuesday), July 14. 11)03, at 1 o'clock, at her
late residence, 1255 Sixteenth avenue, Pre-
sidio Reservation. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery by carriage..
GUERIN— In this> city. July 11. 1003, Fits W..
beloved husband of Ella Guerln, and father
of John, Kitz, Geome. Henry and Robert
Guerln. a native, of Ireland, aged 57 years
3 months and 24 days.
JCTitemalns at the mortuar? chapel of the
Golden Gate - Undertaking Company, 2175
Mission Etreet^. near Twenty-first.
HETZEL— In this city, July 0, 1003. Edward
Charles, beloved husband of Isabella Hetsei,
a native of Pennsylvania, aged 44 years and
15 daya. • . .
lETThe funeral services will be held Tues-
day, July 14, at 2:15 o'clock, at the chapel
of Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 1:30
o'clock. Remains at the parlors of Halsted
& Co., 0415 Mission street.
HODGKINS— In this city, July 12. 1903. Mary
M. Hodgklns (nee Barry), dearly beloved sis-
ter of M. H., J. J., and G. F. Barry, a na-
tive nf West Maltland. Australia.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 0 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 12t;Q Union street, thence to St. Brid-
get's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
IVERS— In this city. July 11, 100.1, Nellie, be-
loved wife of John W. Ivers, and mother of
. William. Edwin. Lllile and Francis Ivers, a
native of Boston Mass., aged -18 years and
1 month.
Ity Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767
Mission street, between Third and Fourth.
KIDD^ — In Oakland, at the King's Daughters'
Home, Jul" 12. 1903, William Lee Kldd,
beloved father of Esther O. Kidd of San
Diego. Mrs. Dalsv Lee nunnell of Berkeley
and William L. Kldd of Laramle. Wyo., a
native of Columbus. Ohio, aged 01 years 4
months and 12 days.
LYNN— In this city. July 10. 1903. Mauritz E..
beloved brother of AfCx. and Charles Lynn
and Mrs. Fannie Helgesson, a native of Gut-
tonberg. Sweden, aged 40 years 3 months and
f7 day.
ET'Frlends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited *o attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from tho parlors of
the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany. 20 Fifth street. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. . -
OFFICERS and members of Court Bonlta No.
i4H. F. of A., are hereh- notified to assemble
at the funeral parlors of the Henry J. Gal-
lagher Undertaking Company. 20 Fifth street,
to-day (Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, to attend
the funeral of our late ' brother. Mauritz K.
Lynn. By order of
JAMES WILDE, Chief Ranger.
D. O'CALLAGHAN, Flh. See.
McConologue— in this city. July n, 1003.
Mary E.. beloved wife of William E. Mc-
Conologue. sister of Mrs.' M. Hulten and Mrs.
J. Taylor, and niece of Miss Margaret Kelly,
a native of San Francisco, aged 32 years.
• C^Frlfinds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tho funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 829 Douglass street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for tho repose of ner
soul at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
OFFICERS and members of Orinda Parlor No.
fiti, N. D. G. W., are respectfully invited to
attend the funeral of our dear sister, Mrs.
Mary E. McConologue, from her late resi-
dence-. 829 Douglass street, Tuesday morning
at 8:30 o'clock. By order of
NORA FOLEY, President.
ANNA GRUBER. Secretary.
McMAHON— In this city. July 12, 1903, Chris-
tina McMahon, beloved wife of the late
George McMahon. and beloved mother of Rob-
ert James, Alexander, 'Andrew, George Jr.,
William and Thomas C. McMahon, Mrs. John
McPhale, Mrs. Robert Anderson and Mrs.
Thomas McMurry, a native of Ireland, aged
7(1 years.
C7Frlenda and acquaintances arc respect-
fully invited to attend the runeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, at the
parlors of the Oantner & Guntz Undertaking
Company. 120!) Mission street, between Eighth
and Ninth. Interment Mount Olivet .Cenle-
tery. v
MERRILL— In- Oakland. July 12. 1903. Wil-
liam B., husband of Martha J. Merrill, and
father of Rev. O. H. and Adella Merrill, a
native of Connecticut, aged 77 years 2 months
and 6 days.
NEWBERT— In this city, July 10. 1903, George
- W., beloved eon of James W. and Margaret
Newbert. and brother of Lizzie D., Frank
W.; John M., Lillian M.. Grace F. and the
late Joel G. Newbert, Mrs. C. Henry. Mrs.
B. Conlon and Mrs. O. Cross, a native of
Vallejo, Cal., aged 34 years.
E7Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday.
July 13. at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 318 Noe street, between Tlxteenth and
Seventeenth, thence to the ' Church of the
Most Holy Redeemer. Eighteenth and Dia-
mond streets, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
)' ¦ NEAREST THEW
§_ OFFICE: 916 MARKET ST. |
I James ' McGinn. Henry Haosen. 4
' JAMES McGINN & CO.. i
Formerly With McGinn Bros., 9
! _ — Funeral ¦ Directors and : "mbalmers — I
• 214 Eddy: St.: '<TeL South 579. ' - ITrapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Drugelats, SOc flask.' Rlcnard & Co.". 406 Clay. •
Rev. Stephen Innes, rector of the
Church of St. Mary the Virgin, takes
exception to the -published report that he
is: engaged to marry, the daughter of an
army officer. -Rev.' Mr.. Innes, stated last
night that there could be no truth in. the
story, in ; view of the fact that he " had
been happily, married for the last four
years.
Rev. Innes Corrects False Report.
Butchers' Union Holds Outing.
Butchers* Union No. 115 gave a very
pleasant outing at Shell Mound Park yes
terday. More than 4000 guests were in at
tendance. The amusements consisted of
the customary concert, dancing and ath
letic 'contests. Gate and game prizes to
the value of several hundred dollars were
given away. The officers of the union
having charge of the ¦ affair were A. F.
Bresllni George Golden, Herman May,
August Hampel, Guldo Di Vechlo, J R.
Mauerer, J. M. . Lyons, Henry Hug. Wil
liam Murphy, Henry Schultz, William
Boehm, Charles Cabanski, J. M. Harring
ton and Charles Westphal. . .
Notices were read from nearly all the
city church' pulpits yesterday announcing
the jubilee year exercises of the San
Francisco Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation, to, take place this week. The
first great gathering will be the woman's
meeting next Thursday afternoon at 3
o'clock. In the Association auditorium, to
be presided over by Mrs. John F. Merrill.
Mrs. Isldor Lowenberg, Mrs. B. C.
Wright and several other ladies will
speak. This will be followed by a grand
rally of men Thursday evening, at 8
o'clock. The woman's meeting will be
held in the interests of the boys* depart
ment; all women are urged to be present.
Rolla V. Watt and Rev. Arthur H. Briggs,
D. D., will also speak at the woman's
meeting Thursday afternoon at 3 o'clock.
Juhilee Week Gathering.
They are peers in their , profession— binding
or printing. The Myseil-Rollins Co., 22 Clay. •
Cameras and Photographic Supplies.
Take a camera when you go for a vaca
tion or on a picnic. You will .never forget
the trip if you have good plates and good
films. AH photographic supplies of the
best at Sanborn & V ail's. 741 Market. •
YOUNG WOMAN WHO LAN
GUISHES IN JAIL ON A
CHARGE OF LARCENY.
•|— s^.VELYN ALDRIDGE, the statu-
esque blonde, who is confined in
the City Prison charged with
'¦ *w the larceny of numerous skirts
and bolts of material from Wil
liam Baron, the cloakmaker, on' Market
street, spent an unhappy Sabbath behind
the bars. She was held In detinue and
none of her friends were allowed to see
her. In fact, it is not on record that any
of them tried.
The young woman is confident that
Baron will not prosecute her. It is said
that he will be satisfied with the return
of the missing goods.
Miss or Mrs. Aldrldge was a familiar
figure prior to her arrest around the re
sorts where hot birds are accompani
ments to cold bottles. She is variously
known as Evelyn Mason, Evelyn Ald
ridge and Evelyn McGowan, and also as
just plain Evelyn, by which name most
of her male acquaintances, in that spirit
of comradarle that prevails under the
splutter of electric lights, will recall her.
She came to this city from Los'An
geles, where she was a familiar figure
on the streets and where she worked for
a time in one of the large department
stores. Of her history she will say noth
ing definite, but hints at the exalted po
sitions her relations occupy in society
upon their native heath and. the scandal
that the upper circles would be cast Into
if her true identity were . known. • She
admits taking the articles in question,
and says she sent them to a man named
H. Lewis, in Los Angeles.* John Mason
Aldridge, a bartender, who has been con
sorting with the woman, is 'under surveil
lance by the police on suspicion of being
implicated in the disposal of the goods.
The woman promises to have the stolen
articles returned to Baron, and expects
to go free when this is done.
Kicked in the Face by a Horse.
James O'Rourke was kicked in the face
by a horse at 1732 Market street yester
day. He sustained a fracture of the up
per Jawbone. The injury was attended
to at the Emergency Hospital.
Dr. S. M. Laib, dentist, has removed his
offices to 546 Sutter street. . •¦ •
Fell From a Streetcar.
Joseph Walters was treated at* the
Emergency Hospital yesterday for sev
eral wounds on the legs, arms and face.
Walters fell from a Fourth-street car at
the crossing of Clara..
HITS PROMINENT CHINESE
WITH CLUB DURING FEAST
Joe King, Ex-Pugilist and Erstwhile
Watchman, Is Arrested on
Serious Charge.
For assaulting Chin Chung, managei
of the Washingtorf-street Theater, and
one of the representative citizens of the
Chinese quarter, Joe King, erstwhile
watchman and ex-pugilist, was arrested
last evening by Patrolman Schmitt of
Corporal Sylvester's Chinatown squad and
booked at the City Prison on a charge of
assault with a deadly weapon.
King, up to a few days ago. was em
ployed in the Chinese theater as a ticket
taker, but was dismissed by Chung, the
manager. Last evening Chung, who is
better known as "Big" Chung, was the
host at a. banquet which he was giving
to sixty of Chinatown's representative
merchants at a restaurant at 710 Jackson
street. Shortly after the company Eat
down to the repast King appeared in the
doorway, and, walking over to Chung,
spoke to him. The nature of the conver
sation is not known, but is understood to
have been in reference to King's dismis
sal. Several of the Chinese, fearing trou
ble, attempted to hustle King out of the
room.
According to the Chinese, he drew his
gun and ordered them back. King then
drew his club and struck his former em
ployer on the head.
A scene of wild excitement ensued and
King ran down the steps, pureued by a
Chinese student. Policeman Schmltt was
attracted by the crowd and placed. King
under arrest. His pursuer informed the
police that King had drawn nis revolver
on him during his flight.
Chung was removed to the Harbor Hos
pital and several stitches were taken in
his scalp. The physicians feared that he
had sustained a fracture of the skull and
held him for observation for . two hours.
He was subsequently removed to his home
and his friends fear he has been seriously
wounded. .
King was formerly a watchman, for the
Six Companies and recently became en
gaged in an altercation with former Cap
tain Yoho of the squad.
EMBASSADOR GUEST OF
. ITALIAN-SWISS COLONY
Distinguished Visitor I*rom Wash
ington Deeply Impressed With
< Besources of For West!
The Italian . Embassador, Mayor del
Planches, who arrived from Washington
Friday night, was the guest of President
Sbarboro of the Italian-Swiss Colony
yesterday at Astl. where he was royally
entertained and enjoyed the outing Im
mensely.
The distinguished visitor. will return to
the city this morning and will rest dur
ing the day. To-morrow night he is to
be the guest of honor at a banquet to be
given at the Palace Hotel by the Italian
colony. -;..':
The Embassador is deeply impressed
with what little he has seen of California
since he crossed the southern border and
freely confesses that he little expected to
find a country so rich in resources, not
withstanding that he had heard and read
a great deal about the State.
He has not yet decided when . he will
take his departure from San Francisco.
Reed Will Speak.
Charles Wesley Reed will deliver an ad
dress at the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation night school this evening on "Mu
nicipal Ownership of . Public Utilities."
After the address . there will be several
musical numbers by well-known amateur
performers. The entertainment is free to
all who wish to attend. . . . -.*%'• ; : .
John Peters, 17,years of age, living at
407 Fair Oaks street, while hunting at the
Six-mile House . on the San Bruno road
yesterday, was accidentally shot, a 22
caliber bullet entering his left thigh,
passing out below the knee. He had the
wound dressed at the Emergency Hos
pital.
Shot in the Leg While Hunting.
California Sun, Winf. and Dust
Cause Eye Strain. Granulation and Red
ness. Murine Eye Remedy restores; cures
Eye v Diseases, soothes Eye Pain; aids
those wearing glasses; doesn't smart.
Ladies' favorite toilet requisite. 60c, drug
gists and opticians. •
William Barlow, a fisherman, found the
body of a man floating in the bay about
half a mile off shore near Fort Point yes
terday morning. He towed it to Fisher
men's wharf and notified the Morgue.
Deputy Coroner Meehan went after the
body and it was later identified at the
Morgue as that of Aloysius Brennan. It
was badly decomposed.
Brennan was a member of the Boiler
makers' Union and lived for a number of
years at 506 Third street. He was a sin
gle man, 34 years of age, and had been
employed at the Union Iron Works. One
of his hands got poisoned and it made
him despondent. He bought a revolver
with- the intention of shooting himself,
but the weapon was taken from him by
one of his friends. About two weeks ago
he was taken to St. Mary's Hospital to
have his hand treated, nnd on July 2,
while in a delirious state, he escaped from
the hospital. It is supposed that he
made for the water front and Jumped into
the bay.
Remains of Escape From St. Mary's
Hospital Are Recovered Near
Fort Point.
Switchman Charged With Mayhem.
Fred Lemon, a switchman at Larkin and
Market streets, was arrested yesterday
morning and booked at the City Prison
on a charge of mayhem. Frank Kenny,
a boy, was playing with several other
boys on top of a pile of planks at the
building being erected on the corner and
it Is alleged that Lemon maliciously
caused Kenny to fall off the pile and the
boy's arm was broken. Lemon says he
playfully pretended he was going to pull
out the plank on which Kenny was stand
ing and Kenny made a misstep and fell.
He thought nothing more of the matter
and was surprised when Sergeant Harper
arrested him. He was released on $200
cash ball.
BRENNAN'S BODY FOUND
FLOATING IN THE BAY
Hundreds of people who will visit Cal
ifornia during the G. A. R. encampment
are already booked for the Yosemite.
They will visit' the valley during August
and the same rush is anticipated as early
in June. A whole month now intervenes
before the Eastern hosts reach the coast
and now Is the time for San Franciscans
to take advantage of the lull In travel to
make this wonderful trip. The Santa Fe-
Merced route is via two groves of big
trees. Full information at 641 Market
street, Santa Fe office. •
Going to Yosemite.
After graduating from St. Mary's the
young man decided to study for the
priesthood. He was selected by Arch
bishop Riordan from a class of six and
sent to Lille, France, where ne has been
studying for several years past and where
he graduated with honors.
William P. Sullivan was educated in' this
city, and In. France. He first attended
Sacred Heart college, where he graduated
at the head of his class. Then he contin
ued his studies at St. .Mary's college in
Oakland, graduating there soon afterward
with the degrees of B. 8. and A. B. He
was considered one of the brightest stu
dents in his class and was awarded sev
eral gold medals.
WllliamP. Sullivan will' be ordained a
priest next Thursday morning at 7 o'clock
by Archbishop Riordan, at St. Mary's
Cathedral. The young priest will cele
brate his fls^t mass on the following Sun
day morning at 11 o'clock at St. Pat
rick's church on Mission street, near
Third.
William P. Sullivan Will Receive
Holv^Orders Next Thursday at
St. Mary's Cathedral.
ARCHBISHOP RIORDAN TO
ORDAIN YOUNG PRIEST
Detective Wren is hopeful that Zimmer
man's confederate will be captured. He
has obtained a good description of all the
former convhit's associates and among
them is confident he will be able to pick
the second man who took part in the day
light outrage.
A woman who resides in the lower flat
of the house is accustomed to loave there
every afternoon at 1:30 o'clock to go to
her employment. The police regard as a
suspicious circumstance the fact that the
robbery was attempted shortly after this
woman left the house, and believe that
some one who was cognizant of the move
ments of all those living In the house in
formed the marauders of what hour it
would be most safe to attempt their haz
ardous crime. Mrs. Rubenstein was ab
sent from the house when the men en
tered, ostensibly on her way to her sis
ter's residence, but she returned home
without going to the place of her original
destination.
Detective investigation Into the violent
robbery of Mrs. Thomas Hughes at her
residence at 314 Goujjh street Thursday
afternoon by two men has resolved Itself
Into a. belief that Fred Zimmerman, the
former convict now In custody, and some
man whose identity Is unknown com
mitted the crime. The police also believe
that Mrs. RubensteJn. an occupant of the
Fame fiat in which Mrs. Hughes lives,
may have had knowledge of the crime.
She is being watched and may be taken
into custody at any moment.
This theory of the detectives is based
on the fact that they claim to have in
formation that Zimmerman was a regu
lar visitor to the rooms of Mrs. Ruben
pteln and that another man with whom
Zimmerman is acquainted was also in the
habit of calling on her. The calls of these
two men Mrs. Rubenstein explained to
the other occupants of the house by say
ing that one was her divorced husband
and the other his employer.
Yesterday "Mush" Rubenstein, the di
vorced husband of the woman, called at
police headquarters and explained to De
tective Wren that he had not eeen his
former wife for three weeks. He said
he was in the habit of calling uoon her
once every month for the purpose of pay
ing her $10 alimony, which had been
awarded by the court for the support of
the child. He always gave it to her in
person and obtained her receipt for it, but
had no further dealings with her and had
not had since the divorce was granted.
He said he had never been accompanied
on his visits by another man, and his em
ployer did not even know he had been
married. He says he does not know Zim
merman, and the woman's explanation of
the identity of her frequent visitors is ab
solutely false.
After banking the money she had re
ceived from the street car company, Mrs.
Hughes paid a visit to a grocery and
made some purchases. When she returned
home she was met by Mrs. Rubenstein.
who Questioned her as to where she had
been. Mrs. Hughes said she had been
to the grocery and said nothing about
having deposited the money in bank. The
police believe that had she told Mrs. Ru
benstein that the money was out of her
possession the attempt to secure It in
the afternoon would not have taken place.
• Tuesday — Forty- fourth District Club at Red
Slen'js Hall. Post street, rear Stockton.
Friday — Forty-second Wstrlct Club at Sar
atoga Hall, Geary street, near Larkin.
Saturday — Fortieth District Club will open
headquarters at Pest and Fillmore streets and
then proceed to Franklin Hall, Fillmore street,
near Bush, where literary and musical ex
ercises will take place.
Monday — Thirty-fourth District Club at its
headquarters, 2»U9 Market street. S. M. Short
rldge, J. S. Partridge, Senator French and
others have been invited to address the meet
insr.
VOTE ON QUESTION.
Commissioners Voorsanger, Roberts and
Boyle voted to recognize the Aubertlne
County Committee. Commissioners Deasy
and Everett voted to support the Harders-
Berger petition. Facts pertaining to the
controversy were fully set forth m the
opinion of the acting city attorney which
was recently published in The Call. The
decision of the Board of Election Commis
sioners is regarded as a triumph of the
Parry-Schmitz ring and a defeat of the
followers of Michael Casey.
United Republican League Club meet
ings will be held this week as follows:
The Board of Klectlon Commissioners,
at a meeting last Saturday night, recog
nized the Republican County Committee,
Thomas D. Rlordan. chairman, and Clif
ford McClellan, secretary, as the govern
ing body of the Republican party of San
Francisco, and accepted the petition for
a local nominating convention and a place
on the primary election ballot, filed by
said committee. The petition signed by
followers of Martin Kelly's Mutual Alli
ance was rejected. The signers of the Al
liance s ~petition asked for recognition on
the ground that the Republican conven
tion of 1902 refused to reappolnt the old
County Committee and adjourned without
appointing a new governing body.
Commissioners Everett, Boyle, Deasy
and Voorsanger voted to recognize the
Rlordan committee. Commissioner Rob
erts voted against such recognition.
The factional fight in the Union Labor
Party engaged the prolonged attention of
the Board. An opinion of the acting city
attorney holding that the Harders-Berger
faction was the legal governing body of
the Labor Party In San Francisco was set
aside, and the petition of the Ewell-Au
bertlne faction for a place on the ballot
was accepted.
BECOGNIZES COMMITTEE.
Resolved, That we respectfully suggest to
our brothers, the County Committee ot Sar.
Francisco, that they seriously consider the ad
visability of reading Eugene Schmitz out of the
Union Labor party forthwith; and we further
suggest to them to nee to it that all of our
friends register and that there is no false reg
istration.
By unanimous order of the State Central
Committee.
JAMES A. ERIEN. Chairman.
A. W. ATHEKTON, Secretary.
At a meeting: of the State Central Com
mittee of the Union Labor Party held yes
terday morning at Its headquarters, room
41S Emma' Spreckels building, the follow
ing resolution was unanimously adopted:
Whereas, The State Central Committee of
the Union Labor party of California fully real
ize the important bearing of the approaching
municipal campaign in San Francisco upon the
future of the party in the State; and
Whereas, Mayor Eugene Schmitz has be
trayed the party which honored him and al
lied himself with so-called ''bofs politicians,"
thereby becoming a part of the political sys
tem which the Union Labor party utterly re
pudiates; therefore, be it
Resolved, That we call upon our brother
workers in San Francisco to be specially act
ive on August 11, ths day of the primaries, in
order that the combination of traitors and ene
mies with which Eugene Schmitz is allied may
have no further Dower for evil in our party
conventions, and in order that the world may
see that we are In earnest as to our principles
and will discipline those who are untrue; and
be it further
Also Think Mrs. Rubenstein
Has Guilty Knowledge
of the Deed.
Election Commission Turns
• Down Harders, Berger
and Kelly,
Police Believe Former
Convict Robbed Mrs.'
Hughes.
Mayor Eugene Schmitz
Is Assailed by One
Faction.
TRACING CRIME
TO ZIMMERMAN
FIGHT IN CAMP
OF LABOR PARTY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 13, 1903. ./T.
Woman Who Stole From Baron Guards Carefully Her Iden
tity, but Hints That Her Relatives Sit in the Seats of
the Mighty and Must Not Know of Her Predicament
STATUESQUE EVELYN ALDRIDGE STILL
LINGERS IN PRISON FOR LARCENY
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To Our Customers and Friends :
* Fire in our repository at Market
and Tenth streets the morning of
July 8 destroyed a portion of our
stock of vehicles. The main part
of our merchandise, however. Is
stored In our warehouse at Fifth
and Kine streets and Is uninjured. .
All orders will be filled with usual
promptness and business will be con-
ducted the same as heretofore. Our
repair shops In the new building
on Tenth street are not Injured and
our manufacturing, and . repairing
.are being promptly attended to.
For the present we have opened a
temporary office at No. 1325 Market
street, between . Ninth and \ Tenth
streets.. Telephone Private Ex-
chance 634. ...
We thank our friends for the pat-
ronage given us heretofore and re-
spectfully solicit a continuance of
. the same.
HO. ' 1325 MARKET STREET.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
MARKET
Just observe 'these prices; see how
much lower they are than the prices you
poy elsewhere: i :
Mason Jar Rubbers, per doz Otic
20-lbs Spreckels Cane Sugar ljU.OO
N bars Santa Claua Soap 32 jc
Finest- Eastern Hams, regular 17c,....
now 14Sc
4 lbs fairly good Walnuts 25c
Pure Olive Oil Pints 40c. Quarts 7f>e
!> lba SewlleRs Raisins, choice Uric
7 lbs fancy Evaporated Dried Peaches. JMSe
• 40c 4-atrinp Parlor Broom i. .2,">c
3 cans Heavy Syrup Peaches. Pears or
.: Apricots, regular 15c grade, 3-lb •
tins : 7. 25c
¦8 bbls best Baklnt Powder— Ib 25c
Fancy New IJurbank Potatoes, box.... 85c
Fancy old IJurbank Potatoes. 118 lbs to
,a sack ....:. JJC1.25
3S cases % gal Pure Honey, can..: ...45c
W)c all kinds tea sale. .BOc
50c all kinds tea sale :{Oc
ft lbs Breakfast Food 25c
All brands. Canned Creams, 3 for ...,25c
¦ 4-lb can finest Mocha and Java Coffee.
•nothing finer grows, can .80c
85 kits Pickled Pigs Feet, kit. .. ...tjti.rtn
«V4 lbs fancy Head Rice .: 50c
3 sks 5c table salt... IOc
. Solid car best flour. 50 lbs $1.05
25c bot. Horseradish or Celery Mus-
tard .IOc
Sale , on Egrgs and Butter all week — a
saving of 25 Der cent.
Mason Jars, pts 50c. qts UOc, 14 gal.. 75c
Family Liquors absolutely pure. They
are No. 1. . We are large distributors of
these goods. We keep them expressly for
family trade and use. Our prices are but
little If any more than half the price you
would have to pay liquor houses and drug
stores'for inferior .ffoods. - -.- .
J4.00 Rye or Bourbon Whisky, gal..*2.OO
$5.00 Rye or Bourbon Whisky, ga!..«2.OO
$•"'.50 Rye or Bourbon Whisky, gal.. $1.75
Old Rlppey Whisky. $6.00 grade #2.5O
Old Taylor Whisky, $5.00 grade .....*2.25
Old Blend Whisky, $5.00 grade . ...92.25
Hennessey Rye Whisky, $4.50 grade. .$2.OO
HennesBey Bourbon Whisky. $5 grade) (2.00
Old Holland Gin. $5.00 grade S2.OO
Old Tom Gin. $5 grade ....$2.OO
$1.50 grade Port or Sherry.. ....... ....7Oc
$1.00 Claret,' sale price ............... .ROc
Jesse Moore Whisky, bot.'. .. V. ........ 7Oc
.Blue Bell .Whisky 5Oe
Old - Stag Whisky. .5Oc
McBrayer,* 0-year-old BOc
50c Port or Sherry Wine,' bot......;. . .2Oc
50c Claret — sale price ,.2Oc
Full pint flask Kentucky Rye.... .....25c
Full Uj pt flasks Kentucky Rye 15c
Holland Gin. , pints, very fine. ....... . ,23c
Mail orders filled and shipped promptly
: at these prices. ' If ¦ you cannot come to
store . telephone < South 894, or drop ua : a
postal.' .-¦ ' . . • ••• ¦•--•.¦-"¦. ¦•-•'¦¦ : _-:v '¦¦¦•¦-v
1049 Market, bet. Sixth and Seventh,
' Opp. , Jones of, McAllister.* . •;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Hf^^^^^^TjaC^j'Tr*pij^^"TBMr^^BB»|S >^^^^^TSw
t i M I a I ¦¦ » I [il
TEE STOEE OT QUALITY.
All goods bought at our store ark guar-
anteed to be the best at the lowest, price
possible.
SPECIALS
MOSS AT, TUESDAY, WEDHXSD AY
MATJES HERRING, 3 for.... 25c
. Extra, choice.
MATZOS (Fresh), Ib ...IOc
FRENCH MIXED CANDY, Ib 30c
Elsewhere 50c Ib.
JELLY GLASSES, j££tt doz 30c
FRENCH CASTILE SOAP,bar 25c
Sardines (Good French), tin IOc
FINE ORANGES, doz 40c
FARD DATES, Ib IOc
BUTTER (Table), square. .45c
Special attention given to country orders,
226-228 POWELL STREET.
TcL Main SIS.
Automobile or English tea
baskets — new shipment —
$4 75 to $62 50 each — as-
sortment at Sutter and Pine
street stores
Monday Tnesday Wednesday
Table butter— square 40c
• Kona coffee— reg'iy 25c ib 20c
kich flavor— popular price
Chutney— Bombay pints 25c
Made in India — quarts c
reg'iy 40c— 60c bottle
Baby Pim-OIas— 3 bottles 50c
Olives with pimientos
Mushrooms— French can 2OC
F. LeCoitrt-button variety-reg'ly 25c
Sliced pine-apple 2 cans 45c
Hawaiian— reg'Iy 25c— 2* Ib can
Puree' de foies gras can 20c
Goose-liver sandwich paste-reg'ly 25c
New teas arriving — there is
a big difference between old
and fresh picked tea
CoCOa— Baker 2OC
Rich — wholesome— reg'iy 25c can
Canned apples— 2J ib can 10c
Ready to use— natural flavor —
reg'iy 15c can
Soap— laundry 8 cakes 25c
Home brand— pure tallow stock —
reg'iy 6 for 25c
Sardines— French 2 cans 25c
Lemoine— reg'iy 15c can
Fruits— in syrup 3 cans 25c
Alcalde— all but cherries and
berries— reg'iy 20c can
Puny babies become strong,
and robust babies when- fed
on Mellin's Food. Mellin's
Food gives strength.
You will be glad that you sent for a sample
of Mellin's Food when you see how eaeerlv
baby takes it. * *
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON. MASS.
f% B &¦ B Pfc Be <3'. Chairs. Stovea. eta
II HnHI I Tents for rent and for sal-*.
H II Imfl V Guns. Rlflea, Fishing Tackle
¦ |U1b|| and Sporting Good*. Send
WlliWll for Catalogue. Shrev* A
.¦¦•¦" Barber Co.. 738 Marktt «t
und 621 Kearny it.
WEEKLY CALL, Sfl, PER YEAB.
m CO.
Nail brush-regiy 25c 20c
Tooth brush— reg'iy 25c 15c
French— secure hptff dozen
Vegetable knife— reg'iy 15c 10c
New sauerkraut — Dull
pickles— Maatje's herring
Llstenne— Lambert— bottle 65c
Toilet Soap— American 2OC
Colgate— reg'ly 25c— box of 3 cakes
Liquor department
Whisky— Hermitage rye $1
Old Croto bourbon — *
reg'iy $1 25 bottle— $$ gallon - *
Riesling— ML Vineyard 65c
Rich— fruity white wine—
' reg'iy fi gallon
Porter — ale— white Label $ 2
Health tonic— reg'iy $2— $2 25 dozen
Brandy— Cahfornia 75c
For brandied fruits— <-
reg'iy $1 bott!e-$4 gallon *^
Regular prices
Duffy malt whisky-bottie 75c
Hostetter bitters— bottle 75c
Pond's extract-bottie 35c 75c
Malted milk— hospital size $3,
Jicky extract— bottle $1 50 '
Best tonic— bottle 20c
Catalogue free
432 Pine 232 Sutter 2800 California
_. San Francsco
Thirteenth and Clay Streets Oakland
SUN MS fa
1
l^J Slate. VJ
ADVERTISEMENTS^ ww^^^^.
We Call Particular Attention
to the Following Lines of
Goods Which Will Be on j
SPECIAL SALE
Monday, July 13, and Following Days:
. 3 Cases extra heavu BLEACHED BATH TOWELSj
hemmed, realu for use; size 22x48 inches.
Price S2.4O Dozen
Regular value $3.50.
150 Dozen BLEACHED SATIN DAMASK NAPKINS}
full dinner size, In afiout twelve different designs.
Price S2.OO Dozen
Good value for $2.50i
2 Cases WHITE SATIN MARSEILLES BEDSPREADS}
full size for double beds, In Yeru handsome designs.
250 Pairs LACE CURTAINS In Arabian, White and
Ecru. These are In new and exclusive designs.
50 Pairs WHITE GOLDEN GATE BLANKETS,
(sllghtlu Imperfect). These Blankets are extra, size
and weight. *
Price S4.OO Pair
Regular value S6.00.
3 Cases 36-lnch WHITE FIGURED CURTAIN MUS-
LIN In about 25 different patterns, Including Dots,
Sniall Figures and Stripes.
Price IOc Yard
Formerlu sold for 12}£g and 15c.
S ' 4 \^^ w -m — »
111, 118, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.