VOLUME XCIV— NO. 57.
PontiffsLife
Portrayed by
r T FdtheFi^dmm
4<vm HE . panegyric; delivered ¦. by the
', ,''¦£[>¦'¦ Rev. Father Rammat St. Mary's
' * % Cathedral • at the pontifical re
quiem • mass" yesterday morning was as
follows: .' . >
"Although .we are gathered -together
with the; whole ; Catholic" churchy in our
last act of public homage, and prayer at
the tomb of '.'. the dead Pope, yet our
mourning : Is; tempered t with ¦. a feeling of
deep ; gratitude | and -spiritual Joy—grati
tude to'God whO'has 'glvenus so great; a
Pontiff, a scholar so eminent,' a; ruler so
wlse, l L a] guide, so spiritual: and apostolic,
and Joy" that his wonderful life has ac
complished'that for which God' gave -it.
,\Ve\ feel -'that we can ; almos£ ; hear 'his
Master say to him: 'Well . done, thoii
good r and -faithful servant;' enter , thou
into ,the Joy of thy Lord. V, ."¦;'
[t '."Atr firsts feeling which .comes to us, in
contemplating* the- hnlshed : t life : of ¦ Leo
XIII J Is ' that - God'st.ways are _ not man's
ways. . Leo , was -'already, on , the/ .very
limit of 'the traditional .three-score and
J.-,. Sandy, ¦ Mr." Bournizeau and I Mr." von
der Kern.
; As the various members of the proces
sion entered the sanctuary the entire con
gregation arose and then knelt in prayer,
while., the- opening strains of Mozart's
mass resounded \ through the cathedral!
The clergy; ranged themselves on'/ 'each
side." of the sanctuary, and the; impressive
pontifical requiem mass, was celebrated in
Coadjutor v Archbishop , Montgomery,
wearing the I f ujl robes of his office j and
with a white miter on his head, followed,
supported by Vicar General Prendergast,
Father Hannlgan, Father Ramm and oth
er clergymen attached to 'the cathedral.
The black and brown robes and- cowls of
the -Franciscan, Dominican and Capuchin
brothers lent color to the impressive pro
cession. ¦ .
Bishop Conaty of Los Angeles followed,
supported by • two acolytes. ..The Bishop
was gowned in violet robes and wore* a
gold chain with a golden cross attached.
Two by ' two . marched the altar boys
and acolytes, dressed in violet gowns', and
white'eapes. Then came the lay brothers',
garbed In black cassocks.
Jtn Impressive Scene
Precisely at 11 o'clock the Impressive ser
vice commenced, and to the soft strains
of the organ rendering the prelude to Mo
zart's "Requiem.. Mass" the procession of
clergy . entered the sanctuary from the
robing room.
The augmented '; choir .'of thie^. cathedral
consisted [of the" following, singers : , SopraA
nosC Miss Katherine Black . and * Miss Mai
bel Quatman;ialtos, v £Mlss < Julia
and ,Mlss * Elena ¦•Roeckel; - tenors, ".David
Mahlloyd"; and * George Keane; ,_ bassos, r S.
The close of the, requiem mass was in
toned amid the flaring of tall candles held
aloft In crape-shrouded candlesticks by
ajtar. boys, r while .the smoke of .incense
was wafted through the. cathedral. ¦ - j
During, the ''offertory the i. organist softly
played .Beethoven's 'VFuneral * March,','
which 'filled the 'edifice with • beautiful,
solemn 'strains: 'After, the benediction had
been < given : the officiating clergy . retired
from^the. sanctuary and the vast, audience
departed ; from : the /shrouded < Interior; of
the cathedral, to the bright sunlight of the
streets."-.' : - "' -V '¦'-,',' .'¦'. ''•'*'-'.'¦-¦> ' ; .'
all its solemn details. Coadjutor Arch
bishop Montgomery was the celebrant. He
was assisted by. Vicar General Prender
gast and Father Hannlgan.
The 'musical ! portion of the . service was
undoubtedly the -finest ever .heard in a
place of worship in- this city... The regu
lar'choir was enlarged and assisted; by' an
auxiliary." choir ..and ; - an- ..orchestra, the
whole being, under the direction of Or
ganist Robert J. ;Harrlson. > .*.
Tall Candles Flare.
Continued on Page 2, Column 1.
'•''¦¦ • ' ¦ - . . *-..-. ¦¦•¦•¦ '.'.¦•...¦"'¦. ¦- ' . ~ ' ¦ . ¦
/iV. # every Catholic church in San Francisco yesterday morning solemn requiem masses were,
celebrated for the repose' of the soid of the late Pope Leo' XIII, mcry church being crowded
'At St. Mary's Cathedral a pontifical .high mass' of requiem was celebrated -by 'Coadjutor
Archbishop Montgomery, officiating for Archbishop Riordan, who, zvas indisposed.- The solmen
services ivcrc elaborated by specially selected programmes of music./
ten years' which are allotted to man
when his .providential life began; and
when 'other men of his years are surely
descending into thef shadows of the val
ley,'he, with resolute will and amazing
energy,' was steadily, climbing to that sol
itary'summit'on which at length he died.
He -seems ¦ to -have ' had. no descent, but
when his contemporaries of an earlier
generation! were all gone, alone he still
ascended . the mountain, like Moses of
A wall Is being built 'around the apart
ments where the conclave will ' be held.
If Is already ten feet high. Some of the
Italian bookmakers here proposed to con
duct public betting on the chances of the
papal 'candidates' and in order to obtain
permission to do so offered to donate their
gains to charitable institutions. The Gov
ernment, however, promptly refused tho
¦request. ...
/ Meanwhile requiem masses continued in
the chapel of the Sacrament, as well as
in many other Roman churches.
; The' will of -Leo XIII was read to-day.
While " nominally leaving the estate of
Caripentpito his nephew, Ludavico Pecci,
jt really^makes no change, as the whole
family^ property had been divided among
the three nephews. Count Camillo having
ajready. sold j his share.^ \ ;,fv
The congregation again to-day made
further progress with the arrangements
¦f6r~th"e' w 'ccfnclave." ' Cardinal Gibbons ar
rived to-day, but did not attend the meet
ing. ¦. ;.'¦¦¦ >
mains of the late Pontiff,
on which is the following simple in
scription ; in gilded letters: "Leo XIII
Pont: Max.", .
. U -^Sk OME. July 25.— Several thou-
Pm p sand of the faithful crowded
g] BL^^ . St. Peter's • to-day to pay
Ra Hy their tribute before the sar
1 ¦ ! ¦ B ' "^ cophagus containing the re-
The Interior of the cathedral presented
a solemn aspect. Draplngs of. black ap
peared around the . galleries and behind
the sanctuary. The altars were. devoid of
ornaments, the only glimpse of color be
ing from the massive brass candlesticks,
which were hung with crape, -The candles
on the main altar were lighted, while
those on the side altars were not, the tin
lighted candles being emblematic of grief.
The congregation that gathered, at the
cathedral was representative of all classes,
rich and poor, prominent and obscure.be
ing present in respect to the departed
vicar of the Catholic church.. r~.\>-v/'
of men, women
an d children gathered in the
M 1 Catholic churches In this city
\^j yesterday morning to take part
In the solemn services held for
the repose of the soul of the
late Pontiff, Leo XIII.
Every Catholic place of worship in San
Francisco! was crowded to its capacity,
and the solemn requiem mass intoned in
the various places of worship was im
pressive to a marked degree.
The principal service was held at St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a pontifical mass
of requiem was celebrated. - Archbishop
Riordan was prevented by Indisposition
from celebrating the mass at the cathe
dral, and his place was taken by Coad
jutor Archbishop Montgomery, assisted
by the officiating clergy of the cathedral.
The superb edifice on Van Ness avenue
was the center of interest - to . those ' who
desired to take part in the funeral ser
vices held in memory of the late Pope.
Although the pontifical requiem mass was
set for the hour, of 11 o'clock, the cathe
dral was filled to the doors long before
the hour_ named. The mournful tolling of
the cathedral bell was continued for an
hour previous to the commencement of
the funeral service.
Rich and Poor Meet
OBTAINS AN OPTION ON
DESCTJBBIDOBA PBOPEBTY
American Smelting and Refining
Company to Pay $8,000,000 for
Mexican Mines.
AUSTIN. Tex.. July 26.— The positive
announcement was received here to-day
from Durango, Mexico, that the Guggen
heim Exploration Company, which is the
Mexico branch of the American Smelting
and Refining Company, has obtained an
option on the Descubridora mining prop
erty, situated near that city, for 58,000,000
gold. This amount is said to include the
purchase of the Durango Central Rail
road, which Is a part of the company's
property. The road runs from Conejos
station on the Mexican Central line to
the company's mine, a distance of .forty
miles. # : ;
The principal owners of the Descubri
dora property are residents of Pennsyl
vania and New York. T. H. Watkins of
Scranton, Pa., is president. The office of
the company is at CB William street. New
York. The secretary is F. C. Rois, David
Gogh is general manager of the company
ftt Z>cscubridora a Durango.
-' ¦ ¦¦ - - ¦¦¦- >,"-. '-.'¦¦. : .'••¦¦ / ¦ . . • . - ¦ . • ¦ . ¦-.:¦•¦ ¦-¦•¦,.--' ; . : cvj:.
Scene in St. Mary's Cathedral at Celebration of Pontifical Requiem Mass for 'the Late Pope.
Desperate Fight Occurs in
Jail After Shooting
of Officer.
The alarm was piven and the town
thrilled with the pews. The citizens gath
ered for quick action and haste was made
to arrest the murderer. The three broth
ers of Casey led the pursuit. Demartini
was overtaken a short distance from
town and was called upon to halt and
surrender. Demartini did nothing of the
kind. Apparently he had come to a real
ization that the payment of a complete
penalty for his crime was inevitable. He
turned in his flight and fired at his pur
suers.
The. ""bullets~from Demartini's revolver
went wild, but these from the weapons of
the brothers of the man he had cruelly
murdered found the mark. The three
brothers of Casey opened fire on the
hunted man and came very near riddling
him with lead. He fell at the first vulley
and when the posse reached him it was
found that he had been mortally wounded.
Demartini is in a hospital here to-night
and may die before morning. He has
made no statement regarding the affair.
Casey, the man he killed, was a native
of this place. He was young and ex
tremely popular.*
The residents of the town are very
much excited to-night and there has been
some talk of lynching, but Sheriff Graves
has prevailed upon the people to allow
the law to take its course.
OAKLAND. July 20.— News of the
shooting at San Andreas was received here
to-night and Mrs. Richard McSorley, a
sister cf James Casey, the deputy con
stable who was killed, .left immediately
for San Andreas.
Thorn had a metal bucket in his hand
and. jumping over the body of Casey,
smashed the head of the murderer. Then
there was a desperate battle between the
Deputy Sheriff and his assailant. It last
ed only for a few minutes. The murderer
succeeded in overpowering the officer and
rushed out of the jail.
PXTBSTTIT OF MUEDEBEE.
The Deputy Constable who was killed
¦was James Cases', a popular young man.
who had served with credit in the office
of the Sheriff. This afternoon he was
called upon to arrest Julius Demartirf, a
¦woodchoppcr, and proceeded. to the place
where Demartini had for some time been
creating- a disturbance. Casey had no
difficulty in making the arrest. Dfnar
tinl, although drunk, surrendered without
protest and appeared quite willing to ac
company the official to the jail.
When Casey and his prisoner reached
the cell door in the lockup. Demartir.i
turned suddenly on the officer and with
a pistol shot him twice in the body. Dep
uty Sheriff Thorn was standing Jn tn>
corridor a few feet away at the time of
the shooting and tried to grab the
weapon from Demartini. He failed tn this
effort and the prisoner opened fire on
Thorn, but missed him.. --¦•[,
KILLING OF CONSTABLE
The impulse to lynch the murderer, who
was fatally wounded by the relatives of
the man he killed, pained strength to
night, but it is believed that Sheriff
Graves' request for order and observance
of the law will be granted The murderer
may die of his numerous wounds before
morning.
SAN ANDREAS. July 26.— The murder
Of an officer of the law by # his drunken
prisoner, a fierce battle in ;he corridor
of the Town Jail, the pursuit of the man
flayer by three armed and determined
brothers of the dead Constable, and the
storm of wrath and threats cf lynching
after these amazing incidents, made this
day a remarkably exciting one in the his
tory* of Calaveras, County.
Fpeci&l Dispatch to The Ca.ll
A strange situation is noticeable, but
the 200 soldiers here, it is believed, will
prevent further outbreaks, for the pres
ent at least. Half of these will be on
duty all the time.
The feeling against the soldiers Is no
ticeable. The commissary department to
day had much trouble in getting restau
rents to serve meals. Many refused to
feed the soldiers. Crowds gathered dur
ing the day near the lines and cursed the
soldiers. They were scattered with bayo
nets. Several other ¦ companies of the
regiment arc under arms at Springfield
awaiting orders. Officers of the guard <2o
not expect any attack, however.
Sheriff Whitlock had four deputies and
three constables with him in the jail
guarding the prisoners. He says no one
fired into the mob but himself.
"I was alarmed for the, safety of my
wife and children. My wife took a gun
and said she would stand by me. I got
her and the children out of the way. and
then as the leaders were coming with the
rail to batter down the walls I shot along
the rail to make them drop it. This ac
counts for so many being shot in the
hands and arms. I flred eight or ten sboU
in all." »
Sheriff Whitlock said to-day, in giving
his version of the shooting into the mob:
"After I saw from the Jail that the mob
was determined to attack I went to the
veranda and attempted to talk to the
maddened men. As I stepped Into view
of the crowd two bullets were fired, one
striking the wall back of me. I flred two
shots into the air. Some one shouted that
I wa3 only bluffing and waa shooting
blanks. I warned the mob that I would
resist an attack on the Jail with powder
and lead. There was another shot from
the mob and it surged forward. I then
fired a shot from my shotgun into their
legs. This drove them back, but they re
turned a moment later to the attack o£
the front door. ,
Four companies of militia arrived at
9;3O o'clock this morning from Spring-
Held. Companies A, I, B and H of the
Seventh Illinois Infantry were sent in re
ply to urgent requests sent at midnight
to State officials. The troops marched ti>
the market house, opposite the jail, and
camped. Streets were cleared and
the crowds disappeared. Sullen threats
were heard. but no attempt .at
an outbreak was made during tha
day. To-night 100 sentinels are pa
trolling the streets in the immediate
vicinity of the jail. Each soldier carries
forty rounds of ammunition.
SHEBIIT TELLS OP BATTLE.
Early in the morning Wilson, the al
leged iregro assailant of Mrs. Burgess,
was secretly taken from the county Jail,
but was returned shortly afterward.
After daylight this morning there were
restless crowds on the streets. Hundreds
of farmers came into the city. each, sur
rounding town sending Its quota. Many
miners were in the crowd. Great unrest
and a threatening attitude were reported
from Westvale, five miles away.
TROOPS ON THE SCENE.
Many of the wounded are in the hos
pital. Arrangements are being made for
the funeral of Henry Gatterman.
The wounded: JohnTJevore, right thigh
mangled by a load of buckshot; Adam
Murray, shot in • forehead, will recover;
John Bicknell, buckshot in right leg;
Clement Mobaker, buckshot In right leg
and arm; Erward Hart, shot in right
hand; A. W. Safford, injured internally;
Fred J.orenz, buckshot in leg; W. Lattern.
buckshot in both arms; Henry Rennick of
Taplin. III., buckshot in left leg and foot;
two unknown men. wounded in arms and
hands with buckshot, refused to give
their names vhen their wounds wero
dressed; Henry Slade . of Pavilion
Heights. buckshot in left aide;
two unknown men, one shot in left arm
and the other in the hand, refused to give
names when wounds were dressed; un
known young man, wounded in head, re
fused to give name; four unknown ne
groes, 'beaten into Insensibility by tha
mob; unknown woman, carted away in a
buggy after she was seen to fall; H.
Hlnes, shot in neck; Otto Rclnke, shot
in arm.
DANVILLE, 111.. July 26,-Two killed
and twenty-two wounded, the police sta
tion wrecked, the county jail with few
of Its windows unshattered. the city In
the hands of the State troops and a feel-
Ing of uneasiness and dread prevailing
everywhere is the situation left by the
race riots of last night and early thia
morning. The revised list of dead and
wounded from last night's catastrophe is
as follows: The dead:
JOHN D. METCALFE, negro, lynched
and burned.
HENRY GATTERMAN, killed by negro
Metcalfe.
Sheriff Whitlock the Only
One to Fire Upon the
Lynchers.
Brothers of Victim
Mortally Wound
Fugitive.
Twenty-Two Wounded
in the Attack on
Prison.
Arrested Man Kills
* Officer at San
Andreas.
City' Fears a Re
newal of Race
Riots.
MURDERER'S
FLIGHT ENDS
IN A BATTLE
DANVILLE
IN CHARGE
OF TROOPS
THOUSANDS HEAR REQUIEM MASSES FOR LATE PONTIFF
S^^FB(^CIBTO^rt^B^^^£Yi 27, 1903.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.Continued on Page. 3, Column .3.
tury had been one of bloodshed and warp.
Revolution had followed revolution.
Kings had been made and unmade. Em
perors and Presidents had been swept
away in the storms. Governments had
been set up and had fallen to pieces.
Pope Leo Found
* Many Arrayed
Ji f gainst Church
££ people were restless, dissat
r isfied with existing conditions
• and vaguely reaching after bet
ter things, , ready in. consequence to take
an active and even violent part in any
movement that promised .a new_order.
The Papacy stood in the mldet of these
volcanic disturbances, often Itself forced
to become a storm' center. Pius IX. mild
and gentle though he was, had been forced
out of Rome. His bishops and priests
were in prison In Germany. Negotiations
bad been broken off with Russia, whosi
"The beginning of Leo'e pontificate fell
Kpon difficult times. The precedinjr ctn-
eld, and with his dying glance surveyed
the world which God had given him for
his universal kingdom. Thither the eyes
and hearte of his children— ye*, of the
whole world, have, during these laet
weeks, followed him and watched with
him in wondering lore and awe. until, in
his unequal struggle with death, his he
roic eoul was at last set free from the
frail prieon-house of his body. And great
as has been the work of Leo XIII in his
life. God has so willed that it* crowning
KTe'Haest should be in his dying and in
his death. It has been an extraordinary
epectacle to *ee, the world over, the
hearts of the children turn to their father
in a common Impulse of enthusiastic
praise, loving rympathy and intense de
votion. It Is as though this were only an
other Instance of bow the Lord's ser
vant*, like himself, often labor with- more
abnnflant fruit when their earthly life
is oxer. 'Unless, a grain of wheat falling
Into the ground die. Itself * remalneth
alone, but If It die it brlngeth forth much
fruit.' ....
ruler was persecuting Catholics in his
borders. Switzerland had driven Catholic
bishops Into exile. France, ever too likely
to be extreme, forgetting the- traditions
which had made it glorious, was Inaugu
rating a policy of violence against the
church. England and Belgium were
scarcely friendly, and in Rome itself the
rulers of the new Italy, in hostile mood,
were sitting In the. ancient palace of the
Popes. The Papacy neemed to be out of
Joint with the rest of the world. Nations
were estranged from.it. Leo XIII suc
ceeded to this . heritage of estrangement,
suspicion, ill-will, hatred and persecution.
What a change he has wrought in the
twenty-five years of his reign! Not a
vestige of the old embittered relations re
mains save only in unhappy France, and
there only because the people would not
heed the counsel of, the Pope to live • in
the present and future and 'Let the dead
past bury its dead.' And so but a few
months ago the King of the great* Eng
lish nation and the official head of its
church paid respectful homage to the
aged Pope, and the . German • Emperor
seemed to glory in the splendor of his of
ficial visit; and If the President of France
and the Czar of Russia dld-not Journey to
Rome it wm only an unhappy accident of
Contixiued From Page 1, Column 6.
g£ yjFTERWARD he lifted up his
MJ' wonderful voice, giving, luml
*T^' nous explanation to many a
modern problem, as that upon political
toleration, of false religions and upon the
freedom that fosters prosperity and pro
tects States from arbitrary violence. This
indefatigable fighter for truth did not halt
here. We have his sage encyclical upon
liberty; that liberty in whose name so
many crimes have been committed: that
liberty which is the fountain of every
good and every evil; that liberty which
shares the throne, of God,- and to some ex
tent the abyss of hell with Lucifer: that
liberty for which we,werp. struggle and
die; that liberty constituted one great
subject that he made patent with incom
parable f clearness and eloquence.
"When all the world recently celebrated
the achievement of Christopher .Colum
bus, Leo sang upon his harp. Dante, Pe
trarch or Milton would ' have accepted
with pride his verses ae their own. The
study.-: of ; the .Bible, of history and the
sciences did not escape his attention and
keen- penetration and ho wrote passages
that will live and be handed down to pos
terity. ¦ :
'.'There was. another question that in-
Gives Luminous
Explanation to
Great Problems
Colorado Assembly Adjourns.
DENVER. July 26.— The General As
sembly adjourned at 1 o'clock this- morn
ing after having passed a general appro
priation bill, that being the purpose for
which the special session was called. The
House defeated the Senate joint resolu
tion calling upon the world's fair board
to disband. Governor Pea body refused to
issue a supplementary call fbr a special
session to consider an eight-hour bill.
Another paper quotes Monslgnor Fian
ciscanava as to the possibility of the elec
tion of a Pope who would reconcile the
Vatican and Quirinal thus:
: No Pope ever hated Italy. The ', Government
must reconcile Iteelt to the Pope. Certainly
Italy, on the occasion of the deatlr of Leo
showed herself well disposed for a reconcllla
tion.
lia replied that he had already noticed
this and that he would punish those who
were responsible.
Monslgnor Merry Del Val communicated
to the Cardinals the report from Santiago.
Chile, of the Incident which occurred
there during the celebration of the re
quiem for the late Pope, which was at
tended by the President of the republic
and all the authorities. According to the
report Monsignor Uguarte hi delivering
the eulogy upon the late Pontiff protested
against the usurpation of papal territory
by Italy, whereupon Count Cucchl Boas
son left the church and lowered the
Italian flag, which had been hoisted at
the legation as a sign of mourning. The
Incident produced ars unpleasant Impres
sion upon the Sacred College, being the
first discordant note in the universal
mourning. V
The ceremonial of the conclave estab
lished by Gregory XV is to be followed at
tho coming meeting. The Cardinals have
decided to eat in common during the con
clave in order to facilitate their work. A
local paper quotes the response of^ Car
dinal Svampa to a question as to whether
he believed the conclave would be of
lengthy duration as follows:
j On the contrary. I tlJnk It will be very
short. I believe that tfo days will suffice
to reach an agreement. '
former Secretary of State, in spite of the
fidelity of the Spanish Cardinals and a
certain Cardinal resident in Rome, whose
interest it is to see him elected, has no
chance of success. There is against it a
coalition of all who desire to give the
Holy S*e a different character from the
one it possessed under Leo XIII.
The opposition to Cardinal Rampolla
does not. however, render it more easy
to find a majority for any other candidate
among the papablle. for though Cardinal
Oreglia has gained ertecm of late in hi«
function as Cameriingo. he has never pos
sessed the sympathies of the Sacred Col
lege, nor been able to make warm friends
there.
It is certain that if Cardinal Gibbons
has worked to render impossible the elec
tion of Cardinal Rampolla. his efforts
have at the same time been directed In
favor of Cardinal Serafino Vannutelli.
The latter is one member of the Sacred
College who is very modern in his ideas
and whose conception of the papacy Is
an anti-polltlcal one. He is convinced the
Pope has nothing to do with the domestic
politics of the various countries and is a
strong partisan of the position or th«
church in the United States— that is. com
plete independence of church «nd state.
In consequence It is almost certain lhat
if Cardinal Vannutelll should be elected
Pope he would withdraw the prohibition
which prevents Italian Catholics voting or
from rtandlng as candidates for the Ital
ian Parliament. If this prohibition, which
TTti first made by Pius IX and continued
by Leo XIII i» withdrawn the result will
be the immediate formation of a Catholic
party in the Italian Parliament, which
will oppose the Socialists.
If a Catholic party 6hould be formed the
CAPACITY OF CHURCHES IS TESTED
BY MOURNERS FOR THE LATE POPE
conflict between the Quirinal and the
Vatican would take an entirely consti
tutional form, which would greatly miti
gate the present state of the rivalry.
But nearly all of the Italian Cardinals
absolutely opposed any change in this
direction, and though they recognize the
great qualities of Cardinal Vannutelll,
they will not vote for him. Therefore,
even if Cardinal Gibbons should succeed
in obtaining for him the votes of all of
the foreign Cardinals (except, of course,
the Spanish members of the Sacred Col
lege, who will remain faithful to Cardinal
Rampolla) and should obtain more Ital
ian votes than seems at present probable,
he will still be far from bringing together
the two-thirds majority necessary for the
election of a Pope.
Under these conditions and In the pres
ent state of the various combinations in
the Sacred College, we may prepare our
selves for considerable surprises in the
course of the conclave. As the election
of Cardinal Rampolla may now be re
garded as o'ut of the question and the
choice of Cardinal Vannutelll seems ex
tremely improbable, we necessarily reach
the conclusion that the Cardinal who will
succeed Leo XIII will be one not among
the anplrants at present prominent.
On his arrival here to-day Cardinal Gib
bons was accompanied by Father Garvln,
his secretary. He was received at the
station by Monslgnor Kennedy, rector of
the American ' College In Rome, and
Father Hertrog. procurator general of the
Order of Sulpiclans. They drove to the
Sulplcian House, where masa was cele
brated.
Being tired and the hour being late,
Cardinal Gibbons did not attend the meet-
Ing of the Cardinals this morning. In the
LATE PONTIFF. FOR WHOM THE CATHOLIC WORLD MOURNS. AND THE FAMOUS EDIFICE IN ROME. 1
ABOVE THE ENTRANCE OF WHICH HIS BODY WILL REST UNTIL ITS PERMANENT INTERMENT IN I
THE CHAPEL OF ST. JOHN LATERAN. ' i ]
world moves— starts and seems to weigh
less. When a good man dies all the world
bows down, sunk In sad reflections. Leo
XIII was great and good at the same
time: and it Is no wonder If all the earth
has surrounded his bier. That great man
when alive stoood before all the world;
and all the world, now that he Ib dead,
lying upon his funereal bed. views
thoughtfully his Inanimate figure.
"Before that sublime bier, I, who have
seen him so many times, I, who have so
often received his blessing and heard him
speak, will endeavor to picture to you,
not In a magnificent canvas, but In an
humble sketch, Gloachlmo Peccl. who was
the great, the good, the wise Leo Thir
teenth, supreme and august Pontiff of
the Roman Catholic Church.
"Meditations that arise from the tomb
are sad, gloomy, mournful, but the tomb
of a great personage Inspires our souls,
and I feel something In the depths of my
heart as I approach , this subject that
seems as a vision. Sometimes we are awe
struck at beholding a renowned conqueror,
who has left behind him ruin, blood,
corpes, death. Cyrus. Alexander, Caesar,
Napoleon enchant, bewitch and fascinate
our Imaginations, excited at the 6lght of
reeking wounds and razed cities^-- Cries,
tears, 3 oaths, curses, clash of weapons,
neighing of war horses, destruction of
towns and vlllagef*. falls of empires and
dynasties enshroud the presence of a con
queror who goes, surveys und over
comes. Sublime figures, beyond a doubt.
: "But we do not now'behold the tomb of
such a man. His eyes may have been
under the' brow -of -a Caesar, but his
smiles revealed an' ineffable something
that one could easily Imagine was the
smile of Christ, the Prince of Peace. Be
fore this exponent of peace the world was
silent. He swayed It with a mysterious
rod. He treated every ancient question
with the pen of a rlpescholar and great
master, and not with less prudence, wis
dom and light, dwelt upon every modern
question. He revived the moat august
philosophy, that of Aristotle, and St.
Thomas, called 'the angelic doctor.'
''In these days, whon men strive • to
abolish authority on the ground that the
people alone are the source of' it, he
showed* the people that there is a source
auove them from, which all governing
power springs, thus refuting the doctrine
of the 'social compact." ¦ A great society
is growing like a tree, the branches of
which-Shadow the light of the sun— Free
Masonryi Leo XIII wrote upon this so
ciety one of his most, learned and artis
tic works— on« that has won the admira
tion of the Masons themselves, whom he
kindly Invited to return to the pale of the
Church.
"We all remember how the. Emperor of
Germany humbly went to the Vatican,
when that soldier ruler Bhuddered before
"I taw him after the audience with
Lord Halifax, president of the English
Church Unipn. inviting the British nation
to re-enter the church. I behold him
bU6sing a few months prior to his death
the last King he blessed in his life. a suc- :
cessor of , Henry VIII and Elizabeth. I
saw him with the German empire, at the
head of which was the terrible Iron Chan
cellor, who had declared that : he would
never go to Canosea. and - Leo conferring
on him the title of 'Knight of Christ." •
Pope Pacifies
Unquiet France
With a Word
££ T SAW nlm *** ln °*fore France
i while* the royalists and the repub
<*¦ licans were about to deluge with
fraternal blood, not glorious battle-fields,
but streets and boulevards, when Leo
once more, arrayed in bis pontifical robes,
spoke to the royalists and spoke to the
republican*, explaining to them that the
church would bless every form of true
government, thus pacifying at that crit
ical period unquiet France. J saw Leo be
fore the Irish powers, and although con
demning their plan of campaign and sys
tem of boycotting, he showed them, the
children of his heart, that such methods
would Kad them Into harm rather than
to a betterment of their conditions.
"I saw him -calming the unrighteous
wrath of the rabid Carllst in Spain, cx
clted by the cordial relations existing be
tween the. Vatican and the Spanish Minis
try. I eaw him between- two nations, two
races, the Latin and the Teutonic. Spain
and Germany, while already throughout
Europe might have been heard the clash.
Ing of arms on account of t^e disputed
archipelago of the Caroline Islands, when
at a word from Leo Bismarck withdrew
and Alfonso XII went forward to clasp
his hand.
t'The ancient struggle of ancient Rome
with greater strength than in those early
days burst forth. New Corlolanuses
sprang up on -one side and new Gracchi
on the other and with threats of blood
were about to lead hordes gf despondent
humans against government. Institutions,
societies .jnd states. People could no
longer be calmed with a fine fable.
"It was then that Leo XIII spoke. The
tribunes heard him. Attila with his
Huns harked back to the wisdom anJ elo
quence of the first Leo. At the guldin? el
oquence of the last Leo the people did not
shrink, but heeding, came forward, and
to better hear his voice approached the
altar. Then they listened to the advice
of an old man, with piercing eyes and a
saintly smile, who was insinuating that if
society was committing an injusJce
against the toilers, they (the tollers) were
likewise committing an injustice against
religion by not allowing It to share their
sacred cause and rights.
"Workmen, 1 am certain, will surround
the tomb of Leo XIII more compactly
than they did his throne. After having done
all thut, if. he had died, .upon his tornb
these words might justly, have been in
scribed. 'Leo XIII. the great Pope." But
he did not die then. I have already fiaid
that Leo stood before the world like a
giant struggling through all his life, not
to destroy or create discord, but to estab
lish peace.
vaded every thinking mind, troubled ev
ery Cabinet, shook and Is still shaking
society— the labor. question. There was
not a nation but which was disturbed and
distressed with this problem. On one side
employers would not yield ground, pro
claiming their rights: on the other side
were the employes demanding recognition.
"Leo I arose when the-Attlla and the
Huns threatened to devastate Italy. Leo
XIII appeared when despondent peoples,
deprived of their . religion, often grew
more barbarous and flery than the bar
barians themselves. The more generous
a people are In their natures the more
like unto the savage they become at feel-
Ing that they are despised and downtrod
den.
At St. Mary's College a requiem maaJ
was chanted by the Christian Brothers at
6:30 o'clock this morn ins.
At St. Francis de Sales Church the mas ;
was \ celebrated by the Rev. Father
Cantwell. Father McSweeney. deacon:
Father Cull, subdeacon. and Father
Power, master of ceremonies. The musl r :
was under direction of Miss McNally.
Father McSweeney delivered the sermon.
The Rev. Michael King, the venerable
pastor of St. Mary's parish, said the mass
at the Church of the Immaculate Concep
tion. Fajher Morrison was deacon and
Father Gleason subdeacon. Adolf Greg
ory, directed the music, an original re
quiem mass written by himself for the
funeral of the late Bishop of Novara.
Italy. : ::^::[ \;,
"Leo XIII and His Pontificate" was
the subject of the Rev. Father J. B. Mc-
Nally's sermon at St. Patrick's Church.
The mass was celebrated by Father Mc-
Nally. the younger, with Father Mc-
Nally, the elder, as deacon and Father
Lony as subdeacon. The sanctuary was
draped in mourning emblems arranged
by the Ladles' Altar Society under direc
tion of .Mrs. McAvoy. A special choir of
twenty voices ?ang under the direction of
Professor Meredith, with Miss Grace
Qulnn as organist.
The Rev. P. C. Yorke. . pastor of St.
Anthony'B Church, delivered an euiogiura
on the dead Pope this morning after mass
had been said by Father Powers.
At the Church of the Sacred Heart the?
Rev. Lawrence Serda warn celebrant of
the mass, with Father Praught as dea
con and Father de Campua as subdeacon.
Father Praught preached on the life of
Pope Leo XIII.
The Rev. Father Heslin. pastor of St.
Columba's parish, celebrated the maw
this morning.
Chant Solemn
Mass for the
Late Pontiff
OAKLAND. July 26.— Solpmn requiem
high mass for the repose of the sou!
of the late Pope Leo XIII was said
to-day In the Roman Catholic churches bf
thts city. Observance of the sacred cere
monies was attended by elaborate music
and sermons on the life of the departed
Pontiff were preached by the pastors.
"To the end he was great. With him it
was a personal virtue. He received the
blessed eucharlst with edifying piety and
strikingly displayed his devotion to the
Blessed Virgin, whose rosary and scapu
lar he loved.
"He was humble. He was meek. HM
life was like that of an angel. His smite
was a symbol of his virtue; his eyes in
dicative of his genius. i ff
"The last words that he Unconsciously
pronouncsd were those that a Pope vises
to bless. Leo XIII died. No, he did not
die: he stll! lives. He lives In the glory
of God; he. will live in the history of tho
world; he will live in the hearts of men."
the venerable old man, when that Pro
testant sovereign kissed the trembling
hand of the 'prisoner at the Vatican." pro
claiming to the world at largo that from
that meeting he drew new ideals, new
views, new hopes and new projects.
"But Leo did not stop here. Ha dealt
with mighty .America, gaining the affec
tion of the Government and Ita people
and writing with tender heart that letter
upon 'Americanism.' winning the love and
admiration of Catholics and Protestant3
alike. . He expressed on numerous occa
sions his unbounded " admiration and re
spect for things American in words that
were fraught with the sincerity that ema
nates from a great soul.
"Such was Leo XIII. I would style him
the peaceful conqueror of the world.
Many a great* Pope' passed before him.
but none greater than he. who with bonds
of jp«ace and In times such as the world
Is now experiencing united all nations
around the Vatican. It Is no cause for
surprise therefore if at his last tllness tho
entire world sympathized and listened, not
losing one of his parting words.
"Before dying, like a swan, he sang, and
sent his last poem to the American Car
dinal as a token of his affection. To tho
end he arose from his bed and worked
and strove. Once he cried. 'Open the win
dow and give me light'— the dying words
of a noted German poet. We are told that
in his final agony he exclaimed, *I bless
all the world.'
FATHER SARDONI. AN OAK
LAND PRIEST WHO PAID
TRIBUTE TO LATE POPE.
*y*wOME. July 25.— At the sixth meeting
§J- of the congregation of Cardinals,.
¦^^ held, to-day, forty-five ., Cardinals
were present. Cardinal Delia Volpe. voicing
also the opinions of some of his colleagues,
criticized ! the ceremonies In connection with
the interment of Leo XIII last night; be
cause the Cardinals did not participate In
the ent're procession, and complained gen
erally of the lack of order. Cardinal Oreg-
Tells of Work
for Benefit of
Jill Humanity
ILVY^ emphasized apain the Al-
A-ymlghty's command written on
* ¦* the first pa^ge of scripture, 'What
God hath joined together let no man put
asunder.' 'It follows," he says, 'that
when the dignity of Christian marriage
is violated men adopt legal concubinage
instead of marriage, husbands neglect
their natural duties of fidelity, children
refuse obedience to and respect for flielr
parents, the bonds of domestic love are
loosened, and what sets a deplorable ex
ample and brings ruin to public morals,
pernicious and latal separations often
follow extravagant love." He outlined
the constitution of the Christian state
and the constitution of the church. He
spoke to laborers and capitalists, uphold
ing the former in their right to a just re
muneration for their toil; supporting the
latter in their title' to property justly ac
quired. He denounced anarchy and all
attacks' upon constituted authority ¦ and
pointed out to his people the great dan
gers of socialism. And ! because all re
ligious and all social and civil, even com
merclal. life, 1b based upon philosophical
principles, he, in the very beginning of
his reign issued a strong encyclical on the
sound traditional policy of the church, re
quiring that It be taught with renewed
vigor In all Catholic schools of higher
education. The results, which he hoped
to achieve through the teaching of his en
cyclicals he looked to .the church to ac
complish: Catholics, he knew,' would be
.obedient to his teaching, and he knew
also that if Catholics were better morally
and Intellectually by following his leader
ship he ¦ would Inevitably through their
agency benefit those outside: the church
as well. , And eo he said in a pastoral let
ter written In 1894, 'Guided by our knowl
edge of the times and our consciousness
of • our duty, what we have proposed to
ourselves, what we have indefatigably
aimed ' to do ' in words • and ; In - - actiont
throughout the whole- course' of our pon-
Brought Peace
Jifter Discord
Had Held Sway
££ f% UT Leo's purposes and triumphs
Aj did r.ot end with -bringing the
rulers of the nations back to
him. He never format that he was a
pastor of souls, the chief shepherd in suc
cession to Him to' whom our Lord had
said, "Feed my lambs, feed, my sheep." And
souls are Individuals He knew they were
his' charge and that they would
look to him for guidance. 'So
with the promptness of a vigilant pastor,
one month after his coronation he issued
his first encyclical in which with wonder
ful clearness and accuracy he portrayed
the evils of society and warned tile'faith
ful against them. .'Since the beginning
of our pontificate.' he says, 'there has
been presented to us the sad spectacle of
the evils with which mankind is over
whelmed on every side: that most wide
spread corruption of the supreme truths
on which rests, as on it? foundation, the
whose body of human society; that revolt
of minds incapable of enduring any law
ful authority; those constantly reoccuring
causes of discoid whence arise Intestine
strifes and bloody and civil wars; con-
Jempt for laws regulating morals and
defending justice; a cupidity insatiable of
the perishable.things and forgetfulncss of
things eternal; improvident administra
tions, dissipation and misuse of public
funds and property; the impudence of
those who. doinu everything to deceive,
strive to make themselves pass as defend
ers of their country, of liberty and of the
rights of all: and In the last. place, that
species of deadly plague that vitally at
tacks the organs of human society, gives
It no rest and threatens it with fresh
revolutions and most calamitous events."
"Could (ihr with -'surer touch put his
finger on the Ills of society They are all
here, disease of the spiritual life, the In
tellectual life, the moral life, the physical
life, the social and the political life. And
as these were wide-spread, penetrating all
classes of men and women, the Pope saw
that there was no possible remedy, except
by arousing the consciences of the In
dividuals. Legislation" cannot generate
virtue. The masses will be no better than
the units of which: they are composed. So
in a series of clear and forcible encycli
cals the Pope taught the world anew the
old elementary Chrlstain truths, which
have the praud strength and" glory of
having lifted mankind out of the ancient
paganism. He began by teaching that
Gcd is supreme on earth as well as In
heaven and that air power and authority
to command and make laws derive from
Him and from Him alone. Therefore, he
insisted r.n thn religious education of
children, that they; might learn to know
about God and the" hereafter. He spoke
of the Chrlstain family as the sacred
foundation of the" whole social fabric.
¦the t,lmes that prevented them from car
rying out the, desires of. their 'hearts.
Even official Italy, has shown by 'its spon
taneous courtesies how much the old
spirit of hostility has passed away.' It is
safe to say that when the time comes to
remove it the body of Leo XIII will be
carried in peace, as in honor, to Its tomb
In the Lateran basilica. •; :
"What a wonderful . tribute all : this
c!iange Is' to '..the consummate diplomacy
of Leo XIII! .But what ; a great tribute
it Is to the means he has employed. The
¦Gentiles have raged, and the people de
vised vain things. The kings of. the
'earth • stood up .and the princes met to
gether against the church . and against
her ruler.. But he that .dwelleth in the
heaven laughed at ' them. .They took
'away the temporal dominions of the
Pope, but the Lord gave him the Gentiles
"for his- inheritance and the' uttermost
parts of the earth for his possession.
They trusted in chariots and horses; Leo
trusted in the name of the Lord. He
loved peace and pursued it; he appealed
to the justice he knew to be in the hearts
of rulers and nations; he called, to It and
it harkened to his voice. Above all. he
watched and waited with the eternal pa
tience of Rome, and at last ho saw the
calm succeed to the storm-tossed political
sea of Europe. His eminent Christian
virtues\won the' good will and confidence
of those whom. he had found separated
from him. As Iscripture beautifully says,
•When the ways of a man shall please
the Lord he, will convert even hts Vne
mies.' • • • 'This is the Lord's doing
and it is wonderful in our eyes.*
Leo's \Life Forms
Themes for
¦¦' ,-, .. . , .;.JL : .i tvU(Ci •'.¦,„,-.;.;/.¦ ¦
¦^m LAMBDA, July 26.— At the sol
. emn pontifical requiem high
M 0^ mass sung in ..St. Joseph's
•^ • Church this morning for the re
pose of the soul of Pope Leo the
thirteenth, the sermon and eulogy were
delivered by the Rev. Father P. M. Sar
doni, an Italian priest of distinguished
lineage, .who knew the late Holy Fathec
personally ; and .who served for a time as
an assistant In the magnificent cathedral
of St.\ John de Lateran, the sacred edifice
•chosen by the late head - of the Roman
Catholic Church a» his final resting place.
Father Sardoni came here recently .from
Nicarauga and has been actinz as assist
ant to the "Rev. Father T.- J.. O'Connell,
who. In the absence of the pastor of the
parish, the Rev. P. A. Foley, Is directing
the affairs of St. Joseph's Church. Father
O'Connell was the celebrant of the mass.
The sanctuary and altar were draped In
black • and with . the. papal colors, yellow
and white-: Special music was rendered
by an. augmented choir. In his .sermon
Father Sardoni said in part;-".
"When a great man passes away all the
Cardinal Says
the Conclave
Will Be Brief.
afternoon he drove to the Vatican and
paid his respects to Cardinal Oreglia. who
received him'most cordially. Ho had^a
conversation with the latter, in which the
Camerllngo informed Cardinal Gibbons of
the conditions made by the congregation
with reference to the conclave. Cardinal
Gibbons will receive no one except Cardi
nals until after the copclave.
further doubt that under the In-
Euence of Cardinal Gibbons the French
Cardinals will no longer group themselves
around Cardinal Mattrieu to vote for what
practically would be a continuation of
the policy of Leo XIII. They have al
ready grouped themselves around Cardinal
Richard to oppose the election' of Cardinal
Rampolla. The latter Is practically the
author of the policy of the Vatican for
the lest sixteen years.
But Cardinal Rampolla represents some
thing more. He is the incarnation of the
eld conception of the papacy, which came
Into being at the time of the Council of
Trent, under the influence of Philip II and
the Spanish civilization of that period. It
5k certain that without the support of the
.French Cardinals the candidature of the
•^OME. July 35.-Cardinal Gibbons
m^M arrived here to-day. He is etop
yl^ping In the French Convent of
* » ¦* the Sulpldans. There is no
€p*€i*J Ca&I* ts The Call acd New Tork
Herald. Ceprrirht, 1908. by the New Tork
Herald PubllthlB* Company.
CARDINAL GIBBONS STRIVING
FOR SUCCESS OF VANNUTELLI
NOT WITH SWORD BUT WITH
SMILE LEO SWAYED THE WORLD
Praise Rendered
in Eloquent
DEEDS OF THE DEAD POPE ARE EXTOLLED IN SERMONS
THE SAN TEAKCISCO CALL", MONDAY, JULY 2TV 1903.
2FOUR NOTABLES WHO FIGURE
IN A REMARKABLE STORY OF
INTRIGUE.
PHILADELPHIA; July 26.—Congress
man Robert H. Foederer of the Fourth
Pennsylvania District "died at Norrlsdale
to-day, aged .43. He had been ill for some
time from a complication of diseases.
Congressman Foederer Is Dead.
: "And so we pray. God that in his mercy
he will deign to give us another shepherd,
who,, taking up the staff which Leo's tired
hand has laid down, . may from the an
cient; throne of. the, fisherman stretch It
out in .beneficent sway over new peoples
and alien lands. And may. h,e by his wis
dom and prudence" give knowledge of sal
vation to ' his people - unto . remission ! of
their sins, s and enlighten them that sit in
darkness and In the shadow .of -death, and
by his sure guidance direct our. feet Into
the way of peace." .
Though Leo Is
Dead His Work
Will Continue
££ y.EO'S work is done and; Leo has
§ passed away. But the Papacy re
¦ 4 m ains. The throne of Peter was
already old when the oldest of existing
thrones was first set up, and it alone has
the divine promise that It shall never fall.
Neither time nor decay nor wars nor rev
olutions nor any of the vicissitudes of
earthly thtngs shall bring it to ruin. God,
who watches over the church as the
greatest creation of his wisdom and the
dearest object of his love on earth, will
raise up another to take Leo's place. And so
while the church to-day kneels in mourn
ing repeating for Leo the prayer of her
liturgy, 'Eternal rest grant unto him, O
Lord, and let perpetual light shine upon
him,' there Is In her heart no shadow of
despair, but the spirit of hope bornjof her
trust in her founder's word. And so.she
adds that - other part of her j funeral lit
urgy, which is a . song of triumph, the
canticle of the benedictus, 'Blessed be the
Lord God of Israel, who hath visited and
wrought ¦ the redemption of his people
and has raised up the horn of salvation
to us in the house of David, his servant;
to the end that, being delivered from the
hands of our enemies, >c may serve him
in holiness and justice before him all our
days.' . , .
«y^ OME, July 26.— The will of the late
JL^ Pope was read to-day, after the
* meeting of the congregation of Car
dinals. Only that portion which deals
with material matter of the personal
papal estate was made public. The re
ligious testament was not disclosed. The
will is written on large sheets in the
small, cleat handwriting of the Pontiff,
presenting no trace of uncertainty. It
was opened by Cardinals Mocenni, Cre
tonl and Rampolla, the executors. The
relatives of the late Pontiff were not
present, although invited. That portion
made public Is as folows: "'.
In the name of the Father, the Son and
the Holy Ghost, as the end of our mortal career
Is approaching, we put on this holograph with
our last desires. Before all we humbly sup
plicate the Infinite bounty and charity of the
Blessed Lord to condone the faults of our life
and receive bcnlgnantly our spirit In the beatific
eternity which we specially hope through the
merits of Jesus, the redeemer, trusting to his
very sacred heart, an ardent furnace of charlty
and fountain of spiritual life and humanity.
We also Implore, as mediators, the Blessed
Virgin Mary, mother of God and our own much
beloved mother, and that legion of saints whom
In' our life we venerated In a special way.
Now, coming to dispose of our property,
•which is according to the deed of division
drawn up by the notary. Curzlo Franchl. De
cember 17. 1SS2, we appoint as heir of this
patrimony our nephew. Count Ludavico Peccl.
am of Giovanni Battlsta, our deceased brother.
From this property must be deducted that al
ready donated - to Count • Rlcardo, another
nephew, on the occasion of his marriage, ac
cording to a deed of February 13, 1R88. by No
tary Franchl. .Equally from this property must
be deducted all the estate in the Carlpento Ro
mano belonging to the Holy See, according to
the declaration on our chirograph of February
8, l»00. In this, our testamentary disposition,
we have not thought of our other nephew, Ca
millo, and our nieces. Anna and Maria, son
and daughters of our brother. Giovanni Bat
tlsta. For them ¦ we have In life properly pro
vided decorous maintenance on the occasion of
their marrlagea. " We declare that no one of
our family can claim any right In. anything not
contemplated in the 'present document, because
all the other pelonglngs of whatever nature
which have come to, us as Pont«if consequently
are, and In any case wo wish -to be. for the
property of the Holy See. - .
We confide the exact execution of this, our
disposition, to Cardinals Mariano Rampolla.
our Secretary of State. Mario • Mocenni - and
Seraflno Cretoni. This declaration is to be our
last-will.
The Vatican, Rome, this eighth day of July,
1000# GIACCHINO PECCI. LEO. P. P. XIII.
Prince George, the eldest, son of * King
Peter Karageorgevitch of Servia," during
the past week and has reported to the
Emperor that the boy la a degenerate. ~.
Prince George was born in 1888. and
therefore Is 18 years of age. "He was
reared practically under the direction of
the Russian . court, and a." report printed
just after the Belgrade tragedy said that
he was educated "to occupy the throne of
Servia. On June 12 a* Berlin dispatch to
the London Times said that King Peter
might abdicate in favor of his son.
'Simon,' said. our blessed Lord, speaking
to all the apostles, 'Simon, Satan hath de
sired you that he mlgHt sift you as
wheat, but I have prayed for thee, that
thy faith shall fail not, and thou being
once converted confirm thy brethren.'
Resting upon that promise, upon the
value of prayer, when he found himself
beset .by difficulties on every side, the
Pope at the very beginning of his reign
asked the faithful to bend their knees and
supplicate the health of heaven. And if
in these days the spiritual greatness of
the church has shone out with unwonted
splendor, if all men's eyes have been
turned to it. to what shall we ascribe the
result but to the prayer which, by his
direction, we have been saying after
every low mass for the last twenty years,
begging God. our refuse and our strength,
through the intercession of the blessed
Virgin and alljthe saints, to .hear our
prayers for the conversion of sinners and
for x the liberty and exaltation of Holy
Mother Church? For the same period of
time he has directed us, especially during
the month of October, to recite the sim
ple prayer of the rosary. He set apart
days of adoration and prayer for the dif
ferent nations of the world for the re
union of Christendom. He ordered that
the old century should be watched out In
prayer for the different nations of the
world, and that the coming In of the new
should find the faithful on their knees
consecrating again their lives and hearts
to the service of God. .
"May the spirit of Leo live on, and may
his splendid faith, his Christian piety and
his humble trust in prayer remain an ex
ample and an inspiration J.o us who have
life's battles still to fight against enemies,
visible and invisible.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 26.-A special
ist on the treatment of backward chil
dren, at the command of . the Imperial
Government, examined and- observed
PBINCB IS A DEGENERATE.
Specialist's Report as. to the Heir to
Servia's Throne. .
CITY OF MEXICO. July 28.— The Govern
ment has issued a decree granting to the rail
roads such an Increase In their passenger and
freight rates as will practically put them on
the same basis as though their receipts were
In fifty-cent dollars. -
of the scheme were agreed upon. They
were said to Include a military convention
and a customs alliance.
The plotters are said to have resolved
to carry out their programme, if possible,
by legal means, including a vote of the
Bulgarian Parliament. The plotters are
Said to have argued that -such a. united
kingdom could overthrow Turkey, . end
the Macedonian troubles and guarantee a
greater future for both Servia and Bul
garia.
The story is discredited here, being re
garded as fanatical. • •. •
The case is exciting great interest, as
the boys were so young they probably did
not realize the enormity of their acts.
The lads are members of prominent fam
ilies and have had a good reputation in
the past. The heating now in progress
will determine their punishment. There
are about forty witnesses on each side.
- The testimony Is that they compelled
the lad to both stand and sit with his
naked flesh upon the red-hot stones, hold
ing him there in spite of his screams and
pitiable supplications for release. After
that the big boys walked on the little one
and performed other horseplay tricks un
til the victim became nearly unconscious.
When young Canning was at last allowed
to go he managed to crawl home. He
was taken at once with great pains about
the stomach and died two weeks later.
BARTON. .Vt., July 26.— Three youn«
boys of this place, Alva Day, 11 years old;
Raymond Adams, 10 years old, and Ray
mond Waterman, 7 years old, are on trial
before Justice Guild charged with caus
ing the death of a schoolmate, Ralph
Canning by name, a delicate boy of 9
years. The elder boys had read of hazing
In colleges and they determined to try a
little original hazing on their own ac
count. They induced their victim to go
with them to a lonely pasture back of the
schoolhouse. where they built a fire and
heated a number of stones red hot in the
flames.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Compel Naked Victim to Stand and
Sit on Bed Hot Stones and ThaA
Trample Upon His
Body. ,_- r -
Reading College Stories Leads
Vermont Young3ters to
Try Hazing.
Mr. Proctor's-reply to the editorial In
the Pres3 answers a statement that he
sought exceptions to the ci»-Il service
rules in behalf of his relatives and friends.
He pronounces this charge untrue and
says he never asked exceptions for rela
tives or friends and so far a? he knows
has no relatives In the classified service.
Will of Late
Pope l{ead in
Congregation
Mr. Smith's letter closes with the statement
that "Mr. Proctor's innuendoes Justify a per
sonal statement, which will be more becomins
in a less formal paper."
An editorial In the Philadelphia Press of
July 2O, 1003. presumably contains this per
sonal statement. The article Is given almost
entirely to abuse and vituperation.
As the matters under consideration had their
origin prior to your Induction into office, this
letter cannot properly be regarded as referring
In any way to your administration^ the de
partment. Very respectfully.
JOHN B. PROCTOR. President.
. Mr. Smith now states hts belief that the
commission never received this letter and de
clares that he will not comment on "the pecu
liar candor 'which made no acknowledgment
of the removal of all Just ground of complaint
then, and- seeks to suppress the truth about
it now." * • ¦ •
A sufficient reply to this statement will be
found on page 300 of the seventeenth annual
report of th» commission published In the
early part of 1901. in which statement follows
the full quotation of Mr. Smith's letter: "It
Is gratifying to the commission to be able
to state that, since the date of the above
letter, but one case of this kind has oc
curred." s
He also quotes In his letter of December 27.
1900. to the commission. In which he agreed
that admissions to the service should, so far
as practicable, be made upon examination and
stated that directions had been riven which
would remove all Just grounds of complaint.
ADMISSIONS TO SERVICE.
. Mr. Smith says in reference to the same
subject: "In 1807. ... before I became 'Post
master General, some persons were appointed
to offices about to be classified and after class
ification they were transferred to other parts
of the service.. This practice thus introduced
continued In a limited degree."
As a matter of record there were only four
such appointments made during the latter part
of.lS97 and the/early part of ' 1888. - prior to the
appointment of Mr. Smith, and 124 under his
administration.
In commenting upon that part ot- the com
mission's letter which deals with the classi
fication transfer method adopted by the de
partment to evade the rules, he avoids, by a
safs margin, the facts disclosed by the inves
tigation. It Is a civil service rule promul
gated by the President which provides for the
classification of clerks at free - delivery offices
and the commission construes this rule as rec
ognizing . only bona fide employes as acquir
ing a. classifiable status. It was the depart
ment and not the statute or the rules that
places the names - of eighteen residents of
Washington or Its vicinity on the rolls of
postoffices In various parts of the United
States, without reference. to the needs of those
offices, for the sole purpose of getting them
Into classified positions In the Washington
postofflce or the department.
This was especially, true with regard to
persons appointed to outside office? for the
purpose of classification and afterward trans
ferred to the 'Washington postofflce and later
to the department, as well as In the cases of
persons appointed as laborers, but Irregularly
assigned to classified duty In the Washington
postofflce. who were afterward appointed in the
rural free delivery service just before Its class
ification.
The 'relevancy of a portion of the commis
sion's letter has been denied by Mr. Smith, al
though the essential facts it contained have
not been controverted. Concerning: the ques
tion of relevancy. It may b«- stated that the
Postmaster General requested the commission
to. Investigate and report- whether' the civil
service rules were being violated In the Wash
ington postofflce; and that as the investigation
disclosed, the fact that regarding the relation
of a' bureau to the department in the matter
of appointments and other changes, some of
the departmental affairs necessarily came with
in Its scope. - -
QUESTION OF BELEVANCY.
The Honorable the Postmaster General —
Sir: My attention has been called to the let
ter, dated July 14 of Hon. Charles . Emory
Smith, as it appeared In the public press of
July 20, commenting on the recent letter of the
commission In regard to the administration of
the public service in the Washington post
offlce. If this letter were based upon the facts
disclosed by the records, or could be read In
connection with the commission's letter and
the report of 'the Investigation, upon which
It was based, there would be no necessity for
remark or reply. Under the circumstances
there are certain parts of Mr. Smith's letter
which 'seem to demand attention.
WASHINGTON, • July 26. - Chairman
Proctor of the Civil Service Commission
has made reply to the recent letter of
former Postmaster General Smith concern
ing the tatter's attack on his report on the
Investigation of the Washington postofflce
and also to an editorial article in the
Philadelphia Press. 'The reply _to Mr.
Smith's formal letter Is as follows:
• • • . July 24. 1003.
Refutes Statements Made by
Former Postmaster
General.
Torture of Nine- Year-
Old Companion Rev
suits in Death. >
Chairman of the Civil
Service Commission
Fights Back.
BOYISH TRIO
MUST ANSWER
FOR MURDER
PROCTOR MAKES
REPLY TO SMITH
Speaks About
Great Work of
Holy Father
BERKELEY, July 26.— Solemn re
quiem mass was celebrated at St.
„ Joseph's Church to-day for the dead
Pope. Father M. O'Riordan was the cele
brant. The church was decorated in
mourning colors for *the occasion.
A special choir rendered the sacred
music. The Rev. J. J. Cant well acted as
deacon and the Rev. Father Carroll of
San Francisco as subdeacon.
Father O'Riordan delivered an eloquent
address upon the life and character of the
dead Pontiff. He said in part:
Pope Leo XIII was one of the greatest mas
ters the church hae ever produced. Living In
an age when his work was necessarily hard,
at the head of a church ones the temporal as
well as the spiritual ruler of the world. Pope
Leo was confronted with some peculiar prob
lems when he took charge or .the church at
the age of «3 years. But his administration
ha« been eminently successful.
Pope Leo's great work was to place . the
church on rood terms with the temporal pow
ere cf the world, and he has left it much the
tetter for his bavins lived.
Was Promoter
of Study and
Investigation
ff */5^ T ln nls work wItn nations and
rZ with peonies Leo did not forget
«-^ nor lose sight ot the great value
In these days of learning. He has been an
educational Pope. He has been a promoter
of studies and of investigation in all the
fields of knowledge, and the confidence
he has had. that all truth will ultimately
rebound to the glory j and usefulness of
the church Is well exemplified. In what he
said in 18S4 to the German Historical Cir
cle, 'Draw as much as possible on the
sources. It Is for that purpose I have
<jpened the Vatican Archives. We are
not : afraid to let the light come in on
them.* And to a later historian he said,
'You must make the Popes .known.' In
accordance with this spirit he has given
m a Catholic university in Washington.
He has founded new chairs In the univer
sities of Louvainl, Lisle and Freiburg. He
Success Is Due
to Potency of
Prayer to God
g( Y"Y% K nave seen the human agen
tji-J cie3 of diplomacy,, teaching
*>^^ authority and scholarship.
But we are not yet at the
source of Leo's power. Paul may
plant and Apollo may water, but
God alone can give the increase." And so,
while Leo used all 'human means to. ac
complish his work, he did not forget that
the* fructifying agent must be the grace
of God. . There is a celebrated portrait of
the Pope painted by the French artist
Chartrain which represents him on his
knees, his arms resting on a prledleu.'hls
handa- clasped in front of him, his head
bowed, and on his' face anrexpression of
Intense earnestness. It is Leoat prayer.
This has been the source of all his won
derfulpower. : He consecrated all his'en
ergies to God, and God gave them fruit
fulness. He understood St. Chrysostcm's
beautiful saying, iTThere' Is nothing more
powerful In the world than a. man who
prays-t He remembered that the very gift
which most distinguished the Papal chair.
Us gift of Infallibility In teaching revealed
truth, is a direct result ol prayer.
"Men find fault with the church for be
ing whaWthey call a system, but If the
strength^ind success of civil, political
and commercial life depend upon skillful
organization why should our Lord not use
this simple principle for the furtherance
pt good? Are virtue and religion alone
to have no organized supporters or pro
moters? Is Christ, the King alone, to
have no united army but only a crowd of
followers of some hundreds of isolated,
often hostile bands? And If evil at pres
sent day is knit together into such per
fect organizations everywhere, what unity
of Christian forces can be opposed to it
more effectlve^SPhan that which centers
around the throne of Peter and reaches
to the ends' of the earth? Consequently
the Holy Father has used all the weight
of his teaching authority within the
church to make the wonderful, world-wide
organization of which he is the head the
instrument of blessings to all mankind,
hoping and praying the while that those
who should be benefited by it might come
to his allegiance and further the fulfill
ment of that unity which was the burden
of our blessed Lord's prayer on the sad
dest night of his life. 'Surely,' said the
aged Pontiff only last year, 'the eye of
man cannot pierce all the depths of the
designs of God in thus prolonging our
old age beyond the limits of hope; here
we can only be silent and adore. But
there is one thing which we do well un
derstand, namely, that as it hath pleased
Him and still pleases Him to preserve
our existence a great duty is incumbent
upon us— to live for the good and the de
velopment of his immaculate spouse, the
holy church, and, so far from losing
courage in the -midst of cares and pains,
to consecrate to him the remainder of our
strength unto ourMast sigh.'
tificate has been to attach people to us
more closely, and to' bring out clearly
this truth, that the influence of the Ro
man Papacy is salutary in all respects.'
has increased the number of students at
the Gregorian University In Rome from
400 to over 1000. And, safeguarding the
interests of their. Catholic faith, he has
made it possible once again for the Cath
olic young men of England to attend- the
universities of ' Oxford and Cambridge.
He ha3 written an encyclical on the Bible
and but last year appointed a learned
commission to consider scriptural ques
tions. He encouraged Oriental studies,
caused pew seminaries to spring into ex
istence and gave a fresh impetus to the
work of the famous Vatican Observatory.
"And now these manifold and laborious
works of Leo, the. statesman, the teacher
and the scholar, would seem to be enough
to fill up the life and exhaust the strength
of one man; but besides these things,
which are without, he ha a had his daily
instance, the solicitude for all the
churches. He has ? been responsible for
the spiritual well-being of the universal
church. He has appointed Cardinals and
Bishops. He has, received pilgrimages,
he has encouraged the faithful in all
parts of the world. He has written nu
merous letters on devotional and doc
trinal questions. He has' : restored the
hierarchy in Scotland; he has . convened
the Bishops of this country in the Third
Plenary Council of Baltimore, and. in
18D8 he summoned the 104 Archbishops and
Bishops of Latin America In council at
Rome. But among. the sweetest joys that
came to his fatherly heart was the return
to the unity of the, faith of 100,000 schismat
ic Nestorians, " 60,000 Gregorian Armenians
and thousands of Copts. He has seen the
church rise to a position of spiritual emi
nence and power which is all the more
striking that his .temporal power has
shrunk to extinction. How, then, were
these wonderful results accomplished?
Continued From Page 2, Column 4.
V-IENNA, July 26.— The Universal
Bucharest publishes a sensational
story of an effort to bring about a
/Union of Servia and Bulgaria,
which involves the deposition of
Prince Ferdinand and the substitution of
the Karageorgevitch dynasty, and which,
Capacity of Churches Tested
by Mourners for Late Pope
also, according to the story, would inci
dentally result in the settlement of the
Macedonian question.
According to the report, a secret meet-
Ing was recently held in Belgrade of Bul
garian Parliamentarian^, prominent Ser
vians and Macedonians, at which details
In St. Boniface Church, on Golden Gate
avenue, the funeral service was celebrated
by Father Augustine, O. F. M. Many of
At Notre Dame des Victoires, th«
French church, the mass was celebrated
by Bishop Boeynaems of Hawaii, who was
consecrated last Saturday. The Bishop
was assisted in the service by the clergy
attached to the church, and the musical
portion of the service was extremely ef
fective. The eulogy was delivered by the
Rev. Father Hamct, who dwelt feelingly
on the characteristics of the late Pope.
The entrances and interiors of the
places of worship were draped wifh em
blems of mourning, and the solemn ser
vices wore indicative of the regret felt by
all at the death of the Pontiff.
At Bt. Mary's Church (Paulist) the
funeral mass was celebrated by the Rev.
Kather Hopper. The eulogy on the de
ceased Pope was delivered by the Rev.
Father Stark, and it dealt with the life
and memorable acts of Pope Leo XIII,
who was declared to be one of the great
est ratn of all times. The musical por
tion of the service consisted of Mozart's
•¦Requiem" and L^ybach's "Pie Jesu."
eung by Madame Argenti, Miss Vlantln,
L. Liceau and Signor Borghessl. The
choir was augmented.
At St. Ignatius Church, on Van Ness
avenue, the edifice was taxed to its ut
most capacity by the large congregation.
Father Allen, S. J., celebrated the requiem
xna!=!=, assisted by Fathers Butler and Pre
latto. The choir was augmented and
CagMero's magnificent funeral mass' was
rendered. The offertory consisted of
Beethoven's "March Funebre," rendered
on the organ by Professor Zoberbier. The
choir consisted of the following singers:
Tenors— James B. Lane, Oscar Lienan.
Joseph Redmond, Signor Comachi, E. M.
llilbert. Dr. Sebastian Schalkhammer and
T. J. Walsh; bassos— Signor Domenico
Borghese, George V. Wood, Professor R.
U. G. Kern and Signor Tomaso Panzinl.
At St. Dominic's Church, at Bush and
Stelner streets, the funeral service was
celebrated by the Rev. J. M. Foley, O. P.,
of New York, assisted by the Rev. F. S.
Walsh. P. P., and the Rev. F. B. Ciync.
The sermon was delivered by the Rev. J.
BL O'Connor of New York. Dr. Stewart
presided at th« or«:an and Mozart's
"Requiem Mars" was rendered by an aug
mented choir.
Requiem Masses
Are Heard by
Vast Crowds
j^ VERY Catholic church in San Fran
ri lisco was crowded yesterday morn
*^ ing when the special requiem
tnasfos were celebrated for the repose of
the povil of the late Pot>e Leo XIII.
nese legation, who denies that the Prince
is charged with such a mission, and adds
?hat Japan only wants peace, but is de
termined to enforce her rights.
YOKOHAMA, July 2*5.— M. *'avloff, the
Russian Minister to Korea, having ob
'jected to the Japanese telegraph line from
Sooul to Fusan, which was constructed
prior to the Russian line, the Korean Gov.
ernment asked Japanese Minister Hayaehl
to remove the line. The latter has de- j
clined to do so. \
LONDON, July 26.— The continuation of
the Russian menace in the Far East.
Cfcupled with the absence of effective
Britlfn support of Japan in the present
crisis, has evoked severe criticism of the
management of the British Foreign Office,
Arnold White, the well-known writer, se
verely contrasts its efficiency with the
methods of the American State Depart
ment. He says in an article just pub
lished that the latest phase of England's
relations with China is the transfer of all
"influence in the negotiations en the sub
ject of the open door in Manchuria from
Downing street to Washington. Pressure
from the Ir.lted States receives prompt
and courteous attention from Count
Lamsdorff. the Russian Foreign Minister,
but the British Foreign Office and the
British En-.bassador in St. Petersburg are
ignored and laughed at. It is deeply hu
miliating to the British taxpayers that
on'.y the protest of the United States at
present holds ta abeyance complete Rus
sian absorption and assimilation of the
province of Manchuria.
PARIS. July 26.— Reports having been
printed to the effect that the Japanese
Prince lapaharr.a was coining to Paris
c harped with a mission from the Emperor
of Japan ta &fk the mediation of France
between Russia and Japan. La Patrie has
inter.vievre<I a. h:ph official of the Japa-
Speclsl Dispatch to The CalL
HONGKONG, July 28.— A
Russian secret agent who has
arrived here from Peki-g
states confidently that war be
tween Russia and Japan will
be declared in a few days. He
adds that Great Britain and
the United States will not par
ticipate in the hostilities.
Neither the United States Nor Great
'Britain Will Be Involved
in the Coming
Conflict.
Declares That Hostilities Will
Be Declared Within
a Few Days.
In all the Catholic churches the requiem
masses were participated in by very large
congregations, the musical portions of the
services being specially selected.
the brothers of the Franciscan order took
part In the eervices, which -Included spe
cially selected music.
At the Church of SS. Peter and Paul
the congregation was composed mainly of
citizens of Italian descent or birth. The
church was somber with heavy drapings
of black velvet and cloth, relieved with
white cords. The funeral mass was cele
brated by the Rev. B. C. Redehan, and
the music consisted of portions of Mo
zart's and CagHeri's requiem composi
tions. The choir was augmented.
Admiral Taylor, chief of the Bureau of
Navigation, speaking about the voyage
to-night, said:
"There was no test of maximum speed
possible, but only a test of the usual run
ning under all boilers. It is customary in
ordinary cruising to use only about two
thirds or three-fourths of the full, boiler
power of the ship. All the boilers are
used when it is desired to make a better
speed and sustain It for a long period,
while for short periods of excessive speed
forced draught on the boilers Is used.
Thia Is done, however, only for short peri
ods, because the strain On the boilers and
on the endurance of the firemen is very
great. The bottom of the Kearsarge, al
though not necessarily very foul, is not
at its best condition because the vessel Is
not just out of drydock."
0.H"l-.I.l"K"l"H"H"H"H":"I"I"H"!-v«
WASHINGTON, July 26.— A great deal
of Interest was taken by naval officers in
Washington in the run of the Kearsarge
from Portsmouth to Frenchman's Bay. It
was estimated before the vessel left Eng
land that, with good weather, she would
make the run across the ocean in ten
days, and this prediction has been veri
fied. Estimating that she traveled about
3000 miles, the speed of the Kearsarge
would average approximately between
13.1 and 13% knots per hour. While the
run the vessel Just made Is not at all re
markable, yet it is very satisfactory for
a heavy battleship and indicates the en
gines were In good condition.
Considered Highly Satisfactory.
Ocean Voyag-e of the Kearsarge Is
NAVY DEPARTMENT PLEASED.
« , —
Captain Hemphill and his officers are
very enthusiastic over the way in which
they have been entertained while in for
eign waters. Everywhere the Stars and
Stripes was cheered as the Kearsarge
moved in and out of port. A big crowd
watched her departure from Portsmouth
as she started on -the voyage that has
ended so successfully. Captain Hemphill
will not give out the details of daily
runs, etc., until he has made his report
to the Navy Department.
The Kearsarge will leave this port to
morrow morning at 5 o'clock and proceed
to the coaling station at Lamoine, where
she will fill her bunkers preparatory to
participating in the naval maneuvers,
which begin August 16.
WHAT TBIP DEMONSTBATES.
The trip of the Kearsarge has demon
strated that a ship of her class can
maintain an average speed of over thir
teen knots on a long voyage without in
jury to her machinery; that her coal car
rying capacity is adequate for a trip of
4000 miles under full speed; that in time
of war, ships of her class can cross the
ocean and engage an enemy at once; that
the Kearsarge is one of the most perfect
ships in the world and fully equal to any
emergency.
The highest speed attained was a little
more than fifteen knots an hour and the
slowest was ten. Three times during the
trip the ship was slowed down, once on
account of being • in the v vicinity of an
iceberg and twice on account of a very
thick fog. Headwinds and thick weather
retarded the speed of the ship and under
favorable conditions she would have cov
ered the. distance in less than nine days.
Captain Hemphill says that he could
?tart on a return trip at once and beat
the record made on this voyage. Since
the Kearsarge left New York fifty
three days ago she has visited Germany,
Denmark and England, has steamed 8200
miles, has been at sea twenty-four days
and in port twenty-nine days, and during
all this time there has not been a single
accident to the machinery -or a stop of
any kind. She is ready for action.
When she left Portsmouth she carried
1640 tons of coal. She now has on board
410 tons, consuming 1230 tons on the voy
age, an average of 135 tons dally. As her
coal carrying capacity is but 1591 tons,
some coal was taken on deck.
MAKES FIFTEEN KNOTS.
BAR HARBOR. Me.. July 26.— The bat-
Ueship Kearsarge arrived at Bar Harbor
at 5:42 p. m. and dropped anchor In the
upper harbor at 6:13. All day the shore
path had been thronged with people anx
iously watching the eastern horizon for
the first glimpse of the famous ship, but
it was not until 5 o'clock that her im
mense hull appeared out of the mist In
the east. Coming full speed the battle
ship entered the harbor, passed the other
ships of the squadron at anchor and then
proceeded to the upper harbor, where
the battleship Illinois, with Admiral Bar
ker on board, was anchored. . After the
usual formality the representative of the
Associated Press was received on board
and was the first to greet Captain Hemp
hill, who expressed surprise that their
trip should be of interest to others out
side the Navy Department. He said:
"We left the Needles at 1:23 p. m. on
Friday, July 17, and Mount Desert Rock
at 12:30 to-day, covering the distance of
2900 miles in nine days four and a quarter
hours, an average speed of 13.16 miles an
hour."
Russian Secret Agent
Makes Startling
Statement.
Runs as High as Fifteen Knots
but Slows Down for Fog
and Icebergs.
SAYS WAR
IS AT HAND
IN ORIENT
Makes Passage to Bar
Harbor in Little More
Than Nine Days.
KEARSARGE 1ENDS
HER OCEAN RACE
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 27, 1903.
Conspiracy Against Sovereign Involves Proposed Union
of the Two Countries, to Be Governed by Kara
georgevitch, and Overthrow of the Sultan's Power
PLOT TO DEPOSE PRINCE FERDINAND
AND COMBINE BULGARIA AND SERVIA
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Tyfold Collar
- The picture shows how the
"collar is. cut out on each side
to allow for adjusting a neck
tie without springing the col-
lar open. The collar comes
close together in front, it keeps
the tie in place and you don't
see the cut-out part Besides
the tie is retained just over the
button, which is also kept out of sight.
Your summer comfort will be increased
if you wear one, and you'll thank us
for the style. Dealers sell them.
Cluett Brand, 25c each
Arrow Brand, 1 5c each
Cluett, Peabody & Co.
&0HEMM
•J SOLD EVEKTWHERE.
CORES AUL EYE DISEASES. \ JBP'
INFUMEO EYES. SCALES M UD8v*v^^---jg&-
GRANULATION ETC. '&X^iJr
California sunlight, strons winds and alkali
dust cause eye trouble. Little troubles grow.
Murlne Is a favorite toilet requisite, restore* a
faded eye to natural brilliancy, doesn't smart,
soothes eye. pain.
The laboratories of the Murlne Eye Remedy
Co.. Chicago, are the largest In the worltl pro-
ducing an exclusive line of eye remedies.
Sold by Druggists and Opticians
®Vim, Vigor, Vitality for Men.
MORMON BISHOP'S PILL3
nave been In use over fifty
years by the leaders of th«
1 Mormon Church and . their
I followers. Positively cur* ths
I worst cases In old and young
I arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette smoking. Cure Lost
" Manhood. Impotency. Lost
Power. Night Losses. Insom-
nia, Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Xervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen. gS #™k Vartcocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner \J vous Twitching o!
Eyelids. Effects are c e -.--Immediate. Impart
vigor and potency ** & ™ to every function.
Don't get despondent, a cure l» at hand. Re»
store small, undeveloped organs. StimuUt «
the brain and nerve centers; 60c a box; « for
f '• 50 by mall. A written guarantee to cur* of
money refunded with « boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis st.-
San Francisco. CaU GRANT DRUO CO.. M
and 40 Third it.
BAD WAT'S BEADY BELIEF has stood
unrivaled before the public 'for SO years as *
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds. 8ore Throats. Influenza. Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia, Rheumatism. Neuralgia.' >
Headache. Toothache and all pain. Internally
lor Malaria and all Bowell P&bu. AU druijtsu.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
For two years, 1900 and
1 90 1, there was an almost totai
failure of crop of the best red
pepper. Schilling's Best got
all that came to United States.
Another is redder; not nearly
so fine, not nearly so hot.
Schilling's Best has always
been that one best sort, what-
ever its cost — we'd rather lose
Esney a year or two of short
Dp.
UmzbKk«vw7thJ*«a!*ajf« . ...Senator Hoar had carried the duplicate
of, the borrowed knife continuously ever
since he received It. forty years ago, from
hi3 wife as a wedding anniversary pres
«nt.«-New l'ork Commercial.
Later the Senator was reproached by
Tjr. Cyrus Northrop, president of the
University of Minnesota, for "preaching
honesty to the boys of Iowa and then set
ting them such an example of mlsappro
»>iiation." Then the affair was explained
and Senator Hoar drew forth the "bor
rowed"'knife, and a knife case as well
The latter contained nn oxact duplicate of
the Instrument that he had taken.
As most of the world knows. Senator
Hoar of Massachusetts— but why localize
him?— there Is but one Hoar— delivered
the annual commencement address at the
State University of Iowa. The exercises,
in order to ! accommodate the immense
crowd of auditors, were held In a big tent
on the colleg campus. The wind from the
prairie blew high and it threatened at
times to blow the Senator's manuscript
up into the region of the Great Lakes.
Colonel George R. Burnett of the United
State* army borrowed a knife from the
Rev. Dr. Gcorjfe L. Cady, chaplain of the
university. This, as an Improvised paper
weight, the colonel placed on Senator
Hoar's manuscript. At the close of a par
ticularly eloquent period the Senator's
hand came In contact with the knife, and
he thrust it quickly into his trousers
pocket. The audience, having noticed the
Incident, burst into laughter. The speaker
said something about the "Jester never
seeing the point of a Joke," and proceeded
with the address.
Not a Kleptomaniac.
NEW YORK, July 2<>. — News of the sudden
death in Hutte, Mont., of former Congressman
John M. Clancy, one of the most widely known
Democratic politicians In Brooklyn, reached his
relatives in that borough to-day.
WASHINGTON. July 26.— The determination
of the question whether seal snail be protected
In the BerlnK Sea or whether all the seals on
the rookeries shall be destroyed at once, as
proposed last season, will be referred to the
Joint eommisfion which will sit In London In
September.
MADRID, July 2»i. — Ileyorts have been pub
lished her<» of excessfB Indulged In by pallors
of the Untted States squadron at Lisbon. The
Associated Press corrfsuondent learns from
Istebon that the affair that save rise to the re
port was quite unimportant and that It has
bc.n eatiefactorllv adjusted.
Leon J. Jacobson. a bartender residing
at GSi Greenwich street, fell from a Mis
sion street car at the corner of Six
teenth street yesterday morning and re
ceived severe injuries. He was removed
to St. Luke's Hospital, where it was dis
covered that he was suffering from con
cussion of the brain and internal injuries,
which are likely to prove fatal.
Falls From a Car.
MONTREAL. July 25.— Professor H. C.
Parker of Columbia University and a
Swiss guide. Hans Kaufman, ascended
Mount Hungabee July 21. This peak, close
to the continental divide at ttafl head of
the Paradise Valley, has been considered
the most difficult in the northern Rockies
with the exception of Mount Delraform.
which a« yet has never been ascended.
Professor Parker found the elevation of
the summit to be UJEOO feet.
Reach Summit of Hungabee.
GUTHRIE, O. T., July 26.— Dora Cox,
an alleged horse thief, has been recap
tured and placed In jail at Watonga, after
successfully eluding the officers since 1898,
when she escaped from the county jail
at Kingfisher. The woman was lor sev
eral years a member of a gang of Terri
tory outlaws.
Woman Outlaw Captured.
ALTON. III.. July 26.-Flre believed to
have been started by an Incendiary to
day destroyed a steam laundry, a row of
flats and a lumber yard and resulted In
the death of one person and injuries to
six others. Miss Ruth Meyers was burned
to death. All of the Injured were badly
burned but George Alchin, who was hurt
in jumping.
Incendiary Causes Death.
LONDON. July 26.— The influence of
Wall street, combined with the threaten
ing aspect of affairs In the far East,
speedily dissipated the hopeful feelings
with which the stock market here closed
the previous week and threw gloom into
all the markrts during the past week.
The public ceased to buy and was disin
clined to touch any new \-enturcs. The
fall of consols adversely affected all in
vestment etocks. Foreign Becuiit'es were
fairly steady, being supported by Paris,
where less importance was attached to the
Manchurian difficulty. One feature of the
week has been the heavy selling and de
cline of Japanese securities. Americans
were completely dominated by Wall street
and closed somewhat firmer In the hope
that the worpt was over.
British Stock Market Closes in Gloom
With American Securities Firmer.
SITUATION IN LONDON
The first eggs to reach the great pack
ing houses come from the far south. ' In
March the middle States and those near
by send In their eggs for storage. In April
and May egg3 from the north and ' the
Eastern States reach market In \ great
quantities. Before the end of June there
are often a thousand carloads in market
to bo stored for the dull season "when
hens will not lay."
At these packing-houses the tempera
ture is kept at 30 degrees Fahrenheit by
means of pipes through which brine cir
culates, exactly as steam does in mod
ern houses. The secret of storing eggs
successfully consists in keeping them at
only 2 degrees below freezing point, -In
surroundings of spotless cleanliness, and
In sorting those that have begun to be
stale from those that are strictly fresh.—
N. Y. Tribune.
The cold storage houses begin to store
eggs in the month of February, and stop
storing after the month of June until
cold weather comes again. In the" hot.
sultry weather of August eggs,' like all
other perishable products, spoil easily,
and are usually unfit for storage pur
poses by the time they are . brought to
market. -• . . •
An old picture in the Dresden gallery
represents a Dutch housewife "testing
eggs," and shows that the method In use
to-day was in vogue more than a hun
dred years ago, except for the substitu
tion of a strong electric light for the
ancient oil lamp. The interior of the egg
is examined by the glow of light which
shines directly through it. If a perfect
ball of rosy red Is found floating in clear
liquid in a clean shell, the egg Is fresh.
If there Is a slight vacuum at one end
it is fresh enough for ordinary use, but
not quite so fresh as the first one. Evap
oration has set in, but for cakemaking
and for many purposes this egg Is better
than a perfectly fresh one. Finally when
the egg has decomposed, the yolk sticks
to the shell; it is stale and unfit for/use,
though It may not be odorous. Eggs
which this test shows to be practically
fresh laid may not have been in the barn
yard for months, while those that have
not been properly stored will not bear
"candling," though they have been laid
only a few week?.
Cold storage of eggs is one of the great
est conveniences of modern times, giving
housewives eggs in abundance at a sea
son when there would otherwise be an
egg famine, and enabling the produce
merchant to control ithe market the year
round. Before this was done there was
no certainty of obtaining fresh eggs ex
cept in spring and early summer, and
speculators were continually arising to
"bull" the market, a process which often
met with abject failure. "No sooner was
the market cornered than hens all over
the country began laying," said an un
fortunate, speculator. "AOd there was no
possible way of controlling the hens," he
added, sadly. To-day the prices of eggs
are definitely controlled by the cold stor
age houses. The demand seems to be al
ways equal to, if not greater than, the
supply. It is estimated that every five
years the consumption of eggs doubles,
and only the process of cold storage keeps
down the prices. In cold storage houses
eggs may be kept for an indefinite time
as fresh as if they were just laid. The
secret of success in this matter He3 in
careful sorting and packing of. the eggs
in a uniform temperature.
How They Are Tested and. Stored
For Months at a
Time.
THE KEEPING OF EGGS
BY COLD STORAGE
To Found a Danish Colony.
MONTEREY, ilex., July 26.— The Val
halla Colonization and Improvement Com
pany, composed principally of California
capitalists, is looking for a colony site in
Mexico for 500 Danish families. The com
pany hopes to obtain a sufficiently large
tract of land soon, as 100 families now at
Tillamook, Or., are awaiting its decision.
When they have been settled the com
pany will provide transportation for other
colonists from Denmark until the full
quota of 500 families shall have come over.
BUTTE. Mont.. July 26.— A Miner spe
cial from Big Timber, Mont., says that the
sheeepmen of the Bridger Creek country
are up In arms as a result of the burning
of one of the largest sheep camps and
pens in this section of Montana. The de
struction is believed by sheepmen to have
been the \/ork of cattlemen, with whom
they have been on the verge of war for
the past six months. The sheepmen have
organized and a search of the surrounding
country is being made for the incendla,
rles. The situation is said to be extreme
ly serious.
Mountain Sheepmen in Arms.
George J. Saku, bicycle ' repairer, col
lided with a Long Beach electric car at
Ninth street and Central avenue arid was
terribly injured. His left arm; both jaws
and collarbone were broken. , He died at
the Receiving Hospital early this morn
ing. ' . '— '.
William H. Cameron, a grocery sales
man, was struck by a Central avenue
electric car at Central avenue and Thirty
fourth street late last night. He was
taken to the Receiving Hospital and died
this afternoon.
¦ LOS ANGELES, July 23.— Two men died
in the Receiving Hospital to-day from in
juries received last night while riding bi
cycles.
Two Los Angeles Men
Succumb to Serious
Injuries.
Woman the Victim of
White Avengers of
Shreveport.
SHREVEPORT, La., , July 26.— Jennie
Speer, the negress who administered poi
son to Jennie Dolan, 16-year-old daugh
ter of John Dolan, from the effects of
which the latter died, was lynched by a
mob last night.
, The woman was pursued by a posse,
which found her crouching In a hayloft.
She refused, to come out and had to be
dragged from the place. She asserted her
innocence, .but was identified.
The mob took her, to^ a nearby tree,
placed a rope around her neck and again
asked her to confess. She was stubborn
to the last, however, and was strung up
without making any admissions.
While the body was dangling in midair
several bullets were fired into It.
Miss Dolan was a beautiful young white
girl. She died in horrible agony and her
death caused intense excitement. .
MOB SEEKS THREE LIVES.
Murderers of a Little Girl Are Saved
From Lynchers.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 26.— Thomas,
Nicholas and W. R. McComb, charged
with having assaulted and killed Gertie
Gibson; aged 9 years, at Bloomfleld, were
brought here to-day for safe keeping, as
a mob had attempted to take the prison
ers by force at Bloomfleld and lynch
them.
The little girl's body was found during
the fore part of last week and the Cor
oner's verdict was that she had been
criminally attacked.
Train Crew Prevents Lynching.
3CRANTON, Pa.. July 26.— An attempt
to lynch John Peel, a Delaware, Lacka
wanna and Western Railway, detective,
was made last night at Fosler by a crowd
of the villagers, who were infuriated upon
learning that he had gained evidence that
would connect a score of families of the
village with wholesale thievery of brass
and other junk from the company's prop
erty. He was rescued by a train crew.
The ringleader of the mob is said to be one
of the leading citizens of the town, and it
Is alleged that,' because the detective had
gained evidence In connection with the
thieving which would disgrace him and
his son forever, he gathered the mob.
CURIOUS MYSTERY
OF WILD ANIMALS
What Becomes of the Bodies of Those
That Die Natural Deaths in
the Woods.
"The forest has many mysteries," said
an old woodsman, "but none deeper than
that of wild animals that die natural
deaths. The four-footed dwelled of the
woods certainly do not live, forever. Age
and disease must carry them oft 1 regular
ly, as human beings are carried off, but
what becomes of their bodies? I never
heard of any one's coming across a wild
dead bear or deer or wildcat or fox that
had died from natural causes. I found
the carcass of a big flve-pronged buck In
the woods once, but' a rattlesnake, also
dead, had Its fangs burled. In one of the
deer's nostrllB. There had evidently been
a fight to the death between tho reptile
and the beast.
"Anothr time I followed the trail of a
bear from a. clearing where it had stolen
a half-grown Iamb. I came upon the
headless body of the lamb a mile or so
out on the trail, and half a mile farther
on, near the edge of a swamp, I was sur
prised to find the body of the bear. Its
jaws were open and Its glassy eyes were
pushed far out of Its head. I held a post
mortem examination of the dead bear
and found the lamb's head lodged In Its
throat. How or why the bear ever per
mitted it to get there I am unable to ex
plain. I have many times found other
dead animals in the woods, but never one
that did, not show unquestionable evi
dence of having died from ' violence of
some klnd. r Every woodsman will tell you
the same. What becomes of the dead
wild animals that die natural deaths?"—
Chicago Inter Ocean.
A Come-Down.
-."The formative period In a young man's
character," said \ the . professor, . "ig usu
ally, the, period when he is at college. His
behavior there Invariably indicates what
his future will be." ; .
"That's right," '-. perhaps," replied the
street railway magnate, "but there are
exceptions.*- We; had a conductor once
yiYio took a medal for good conduct at
college, but he was not a good conduc
tor."—Philadelphia Press.
The police of this city suspected that
Mrs. Hodge was connected with the crime
and a few days ago issued a warrant for
her arrest at Denison, Iowa.
A' telegram late to-night from Acting
Chief ofJPolice Burbridge of Salt Lake to
Chief Carr confirms Mrs. Hodge's story,
states that there is a warrant for her
arrest for murder and asks that she be
held for the Salt Lake City authorities.
SALT LAKE, Utah. July 26.— Mrs.
Hodge is wanted in Salt. Lake in connec
tion with the killing of William X. Ryan,
a traveling spectacle peddler, in a
canyon south of this city about two
weeks ago. The object of the murder is
supposed to have been robbery, as Ryan
was known to carry a considerable
amount of money with him. When the
body was found the arms and legs were
tightly bound and the head, had been
crushed with some blunt instrument.
Mrs. Hodge refused to tell the name of
the man she killed. The woman is in Jail.
"When on a' lonely road near Salt Lake
City on July 11," she said, "he attempted
to assault me and I shot him with a re
volver I had been carrying. I left him in
the wagon and went to Salt Lake City t»
give myself up, but my nerve failed me
and I took a train for Denison. ,1 told
my brother, and When he went to tell the
authorities I fled. to Chicago. Then I se
cured a position in a Spring Lake (Mich.)
hotel, but could not rest with the tragedy
on my mind, so I came to Grand Rapids
to give myself up."
GRAND RAPIDS. Mich., . July 26.— A
young woman giving the name of Mrs.
Aurora Hodge, her age 19 and her home
Denison. Iowa, entered the office of Su
perintendent of Police Carr to-day and
eaid she wanted to give herself up, de
claring that she had Tdlled a man near
Salt Lake, Utah, on July 11. She said she
had parted ''from her husband a few
months after their marriage and went on
the road with a traveling medicine ven
der as his bookkeeper.
parison.
Wealth of Others Regarded as Kings
of Finance Sinks Into Insig
nificance in Com-
Special Dispatch tp The Call
MOUNT VERNON, N. Y.. July 26.— The
body of a woman about 26 year3 of age,
a blonde and good looking, was found
this afternoon in a sewer pipe on the out
skirts of Mount Vernon. A shoestring
was tied tightly around the neck end there
were finger marks on the throat which
Indicated that she had been murdered.
The discovery of the body was made by
two little girls who were picking apples
near Sixth street.
In order to place the body In the sewer
the murderer evidently had to break the
pipe. The theory is that the body was
lowered into the hole with a rope.
The woman apparently was a German.
She weighed about 147 pounds, was five
feet seven inches In, height and had large
blue eyes and a prominent nose. The body
was neatly dressed in a blue and white
polkadot shirt waist and skirt, with black
hosiery and patent leather ties. A large
white straw hat, trimmed with blue and
white ribbon, was found about a hundred
feet away, in Sites' meadows.
Coroner Weisendenger, who examined
the body, said the woman had been dead
no more than a day. The part of the city
where the sewer Is located is known as
East Mount Vernon.
Who th« murdered woman is or where
¦he came from Is a mystery. No one had
ever seen her in the neighborhood.
TRAGEDY STIRS
NEW YORK HOTEL
Syracuse Man Shoots
Supposed Wife and
Kills Himself.
Political Reform at Denver.
DENVER, July 26.— A large attendance
is expected at the conference of political
reformers to be held here to-morrow. The
conference will be of Informal character
and members of various parties are invit
ed to participate, but the national com
mittees of both branches of the People's
party are Called to meet here In conjunc
tion with the gathering, and it Is believed
that some arrangement will be reached
for harmonizing the two factions of that
party if an amalgamation to include
other reform parties is not effected.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 2G.— Wall street gos
sip estimating that the slump in stocks
had caused a shrinkage in Rockefeller
properties approximating $100,000,000 was
read with general surprise, and, by some,
with Incredulity.
-, John D. Rockefeller Is now classed as
a billionaire and reported to be the rich
est man In the world. Before the South,
African war Alfred Beit of Klmberley
was, according to an English list publish
ed in 1900, the world's only billionaire. U
Hung Chang of China stood second with
$300,000,000, and John D. Rockefeller third,
with $T>0,000,000. Only seven others wero
given fortunes of more than $100,000,000.
Cornelius Vanderbllt of New York was
rattd at $123,000,000. Andrew Carnegie at
$120.000 000 and William K. Vanderbllt.
John Jacob Astor. William Rockefeller
and William Waldorf Astor at $100,000,000
each.
Lord Rothschild of England was credit
ed with $75,000,000 and Baron Albert
Rothschild of Vienna with $70,030,000. Tha
English Dukes of Devonshire. Bedford.
Norfolk and Buccleugh each had $50,000.
000; Alfred Krupp. the gunmaker. had
$45,000,000 and H. D. Armour had $40,000,
000.
Collis P. Huntington. George Gould and
J. Pierpont Morgan were credited with,
$33,000,000 each and Marshall Field, HaroKi
McCormlck. "W*. 1>. Elkins and James J.
Hill with $25,000,000.
Fifty years ago the millionaires wer»
confined mainly to the princes and dukes
and bankers of Europe. The American
millionaire came with the era of develop
ment of railways and the mineral and
manufacturing resources of the country.
Since the census of 1900 there have been
great changes. Rockefeller has quad
rupled his wealth and the South African,
millionaires having lost ground. Many
Americans who were simply hard work
ers twenty and thirty years ago have
advanced to the rank of millionaires.
" Bishop Denounces Sunday Outing.
SCRANTON. Pa., July 28.— Bishop IIo
ban to-day vigorously denounced Sunday
excursions and commanded all Catholic
organizations to desist from conducting
them in the future. The denunciation has
caused much concern to a number of
Catholic organizations which have ar
ranged for Sunday excursions this sum
mer. , . ....
Flood Does Damage in London.
LONDON, July 26.— Heavy • rains Satur
day night throughout the south of Eng
land caused serious floods and damage
in London. The underground railway was
flooded and many printing rooms of Lon
don newspapers built In the underground
district between Fleet stree't and the
embankment were flooded and unable to
print Sunday editions until late this af
ternoon. 'The heavy rains coincided with
a high tide on the Thames, inundating
several low-lying districts.
MANILA. July 2B. — Major General Georg*
XV. I>avi» has transferred the command of th»
Department of the Philippines to Major Gen
eral James F. Wade. General Davis' last act
was to review all the troops about Manila.
OMAHA. July 26- — Extremely hot weather
prevailed throughout Western Nebraska and
Iowa to-day, the maximum tn Omaha being
98. At Schuyler one death was caused by the
heat. Hot winds with lack of moisture are
beginning to have a serious effect on growing
corn.
NEW YORK, July 26.— A well dressed
man, accompanied by a fine looking and
handsomely gowned woman about 23 years
of age, registered at the Morton House
this morning as "C. Weiss and wife, Syra
cuse, N. Y."
Late in the afternoon the woman was
heard shrieking, three shots followed and
when the room was entered she and the
man were dead. The woman had a bullet
in her heart and another In the wrist.
The man was shot through the heart. A
pistol lay by the man's right hand and
it Isbelieved that he shot the woman and
committed suicide. There is no clew to
the motive for the shooting, j The woman
was five feet four inches in height, with
black hair and blue eyes. The man was
six feet tall with a sandy moustache and
reddish hair. In the man's pockets were
found two railroad tickets from Syracuse
and a letter Addressed to C. E. Weiss, the
contents of which the Coroner refused to
divulge.
"UNCLE SAM" TO PAY MORE
FOB HIS STENOGRAPHERS
Present Salaries Do Not Induce
First-Class Operators to Leave
Private Service.
Uncle Sam has finally awakened to the
fact that he does not pay his stenograph
ers enough money. At least, he is find
ing extreme difficulty in inducing com
petent maid shorthand writers to enter
the Government service- at the rates of.
pay now ruling. This class of employes
start workins for the Government at $60
and $73 a month. The requirements of the
civil service examinations areQvery se
vere, and any man who. is able to pass
them usually has no difficulty In getting a
position with some business firm at a bet
ter salary than the Government pays.
The Civil Service Commission Is con«
stantly holding special examinations for
stenographers in an effort to get enough
good men to supply the demand. Unfilled
requisitions'" for competent shorthand
writers are always on, hand at the com
mission. The poor pay held out, however,
attracts an' enormous crowd of Incom
petents, the experience, stenographers
preferring to pay no attention to the
Government calls. This fact was well
illustrated in a special examination for
stenographers that was held in various
cities in April last. More than 700 can
didates appeared, of which about 123
passed. These have all been offered po
sitions, but one-half of them refused to
leave their old places for the meager sal
ary held out by the Government. It Is
easier to get women stenographers to
work for JiiO and $75 a month than men,
but nire-tenths of the requisitions are for
male shorthand writers.
The chief examiner of the commission
has conferred with the chief clerks of the
various departments in an effort to secure
a remedy for this situation. A scheme
has been devised by which it is hoped to
make the Government service more at
tractive to the competent stenographers.
In the past It has been the custom when
a vacancy occurred in a $1000 or $1200
clerkship to fill it by promotion from the
clerks in the lower grades, keeping up
the promotion process all the way down
to the lowest grade. This left a vacancy
at the bottom, which ' was usually filled
by the appointment of a stenographer.
Hereafter there will be only occasional
promotions of this sort, for the high-class
vacancies are to be held open for outside
stenographers". This will undoubtedly in
duce many first clas stenographers who
now refuse to take examinations to con
sider entering the Government service.—
Chicago Tribune.
Original and Actual Sin.
A wealthy Australian Scotsman, named
Allan, died some years ago and bequeath
ed a considerable sum of money to pro
vide perpetual prizes to the Presbyterian
children of tho commonwealth for pro
ficiency, in scriptural knowledge. The lat
est report of the Allan bequest commit
tee, presented to the Presbyterian Gen
eral Assembly in Melbourne, contains
some entertaining reading. "What is the
difference between original sin and actual
sin ?" elicited - these answers among oth
ers: "Original sin is Adam eating forbid
den fruit;. actual sin is Cain killing Abel."
"One Is good sin ; the other Is bad sin."
"Original sin is sin without murder; but
actual ; sin is sin, meaning swearing."
"Original sin Is. the things we ought to
do; actual sin is the things we ought not
to do.", "Actual sin means a want of obe
dience: but original sin Is a work of
Providence."— London Chronicle. -
Claims Killing of Ryan Near
Salt Lake City Was in
Self Defense.
Victim of a Brutal Murder
, Cannot Be Identified by
Residents.
very perious. brokers say. is evidenced by
the fact that leading bank presidents did
:3ot think the- situation sufficiently serious
to return to the city, while many left
(n«n on Friday or Saturday.
There were only a few who took a con
trary opihlon to the general theory that
there must be pome additional reckoning.
One man pointed out that the expected
never occurred. He was hopeful that
everything would be arrange^! over Sun
day or that London, at the«xtreme prices
to which stocks fell on Saturday, would
come in as a buyer and steady the mar
ket, and that this might result In quiet
ing thirties down, preventing demoraliza
tion and enabling firms to pull themselves
together.
In one or two Instances the names of
more prominent concerns, both in and out
of the city, were taken up, but such re
ports are not generally believed. The
hunkers of this city, without exception,
state definitely that they know of no im
portant houses or institutions involved.
They regard the matter of further sus
pensions as merely an incident of Friday's
failures and one means of clarifying the
atmosphere.
That matters cannot be regarded as
Not unnaturally firms which had been
<-IOBely associated with Stow & Co. or
Talbot, Taylor & Co. in their more im
portant ventures figured most prominent,
ly as among those that would probably
suspend. One, It i? said, is tied up in a
railroad of the second c'.ass, another is
paid to be involved through a street rail
way and industrial enterprises, while still
a third is tn mining and manufacturing
enterprises. In some instances these mat
ters were discussed as though the an
nouncements had already been made,
without recognizing the fact that- the re
ports were only rumors at best and the
firms might be tided over.
The names of the houses reported as be
ing involved were mentioned with con
siderably more freedom than Is usual In
puch cases. In each Instance the house
was identified with some undertaking or
other which, it was inferred, had locked
up its capital in the same manner as the
capital of W. L. Stow & Co. became un
available.
NEW YORK, July 2G.— Whenever "Wall
street men gathered to-day there was only
one topic of conversation. That was as
to the probable course of the stock mar
ket to-morrow and the possibility of fur
ther failures. There was a complete unan
imity of opinion that further failures
would be announced. Even conservative
bankers admitted that and spoke in a
manner that seemed to indicate that they
had full knowledge of the facts. But with
this statement came the comparatively
leasurtTig opinion that the failures expect
ed to occur would not be of great magni
tude and would Involve no financial insti
tution?.
¦¦ ?- ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call
Their Embarrassment Is Due to the
Tying Up of Capital in Some •
Outside Under- V
takings.
Tottering Concerns Are Not
Among Those of First
Magnitude.
BOGOTA. Colombia, July 24. via Pan
ama, July 26. — The Colombian Congress is
discussing the creation- of mints and the
question of the adoption of ' the gold
standard.
COLON, Colombia. July 26.— This city
is perfectly quiet, as last night's coup on
the part of General Cobos against Gov
ernor Mutis of the Department of Pana
ma is known only to a few here. _ Devel
opments are expected to-night or to-mor
row. General Luis Maria Gomez, Gov
ernor of this province, has been called to
Pannma and left in haste on a train this
afternoon. ! :
Genera! Cobos assured Bishop Jungulto
that for his part the controversy was
ended. General Cobos' statement was
transmitted to Governor Mutls this af
ternoon by the American Consul. The
Governor says that yesterday he com
municated to General Cobos a decree from
Bogota suspending the general staff here.
General Huertas, he said. Ignored it yes
terday, but to-day offered to protect the
civil authorities.
had intended to arrest the Governor. He
said:
- I was asleep last night when Informed that
the editors of El L«apiz had been attacked by
•om« officer*. I ordered seventy men out to
punish the offenders. Passing the Governor's
house. I went upstairs to Inform him of what
had happened, because of hta leniency toward
the Liberals, who dally Insult the military au
thorities.
Governor Mutis sent word that he was out,
which, being untrue, I concluded he had re
fused to see me. It was far from my mind to
arrest the Governor, who had no reasons to side
against me. I am anxious to end the situation,
which was really created by Governor Mutls
himself.
BICYCLE RIDERS
DEATH'S VICTIMS
LOUISIANA MOB
HANGS NEGRESS
PANAMA, Colombia, July 26.— Not
since the days of the last revolu
tion, when an, attack upon j the
city -by the. Liberals was feared,
has there been such a panic in
Panama as occurred last night. Shortly
after 9 o'clock the office of El Lapiz, the
organ of the Liberal party on the isthmus,
was visited by officers of the general staff
of the army, who destroyed yesterday's
edition of the newspaper. One of. the di
rectors was slightly wounded, but.man
aged to escape/
The news spread rapidly. . In the Santa
Ana neighborhood, where most t of , the
Liberals reside, sentiment' arose to a high
pitch and a 1 few of the prominent citizens
counseled \ retaliation. They took no ac
tion, however.
The next event came like a bombshell.
A company of soldiers, apparently under
the orders of 'General Vasquez Cobos,
commander of the national, forces, ' sur
rounded the residence of Governor Mutis,
but the Governor and his wife, who is an
American woman, having been warned a
few minutes before, the arrival of the
troops, succeeded in escaping 1 . • ¦
General Huertas, commander of the bat
talion of Colombia,, when he learned of
the El Lapiz incident, retired to "head
quarters, where he found General Cobos.
According to current reports, the latter
ordered General Huertas to remain in
quarters. Exactly what has taken place
is unknown, but It is said that Dr. Aris-
tides Arjona, Secretary of the Govern
ment; Fernando Arango, Chief of. Police,
and Etram Navia, a member of the de
partmental superior tribunal of justice,
are under arrest, the last named for try
ing to argue with General Cobos the ille
gality of his action.
. An attempt also Is raid to have been
made to arrest Senor Guerra, Secretary'
of Finance, but he refused to accompany
the officer who went to arrest him. When
the officer returned with soldiers to ef«.
feet his capture Guerra had departed.
The only civil officer on the street this
rooming was Mayor Ossa. Governor Mu
tls spent last night at the British Con
sulate, but it is rumored that he \ will
take refuse in the American Consulate.
It is rumored thaf General Cobos of
fered the Governorship to different Con
servatives, who refused to accept, and
that he himself will assume civil cwCz
mand. It is said that Consul Gudjer at
tempted to send a cablegram to Arthur
M. Beaupre. the United States Minister
at Bogota, but that the agent refused to
accept the message.
As this dispatch is being sent It . is
learned that Dr. Arjona and Judge Navia
have been set at liberty, and that the
Chief of Police, Arango, remains under
arrest.
The Associated Press correspondent has
interviewed General Cobos, who admlttted
differences with Governor Mutls. because
j of the latter's refusal to pay th6 soldiers,
who, Cobos said, were hungry. S He said
that Governor Mutis had systematically
opposed everything emanating from the
military authorities, but denied that he
Quadruples Already Enor
mous Fortune Within
Three Years.
Mysterious Crime Puz
zles Mount Vernon
Police.
«
Aurora Hodge Surren
ders to the Grand
Rapids- Police.
Wall Street Looks for
Further Suspensions
To-Day.
Standard Oil Magnate
Is Richest Man in
the World.
UTAH MURDERESS
TIRES OF FLIGHT
BODY OF WOMAN
FOUND IN SEWER
GENERAL VASQUEZ' COBOS, an officer of the Colombian army, has seized the reins of
government iit the department of Panama. Governor. Mutio and his American wife escaped
arrest by taking refuge in the British* Consulate, having been ivarned of the coup d'etat.
Other officials zverc temporarily imprisoned. General Cobos, having failed to induce any leading
Conservative to accept the governorship, will himself assume civil command. _,. For months past
there have been rumors of' a revolution in Panama and the secession of that and other states from
the Colombian Confederacy. The discontent has been due to tardy action on the canal treaty, those'
Colombians Jiving along or near the route of the proposed waterzvay being ed^cr for its construc
tion. General Cobos' sudden move may be the first incident in the carrying out of this programme.
MORE FIRMS
ARE VERGING
ON FAILURE
ROCKEFELLER
IS RATED AS
BILLIONAIRE
GENERAL COBOS OF THE COLOMBIAN ARMY
OVERTHROWS THE GOVERNMENT OF PANAMA
THE SAN FBANCISCOCMiL, MONDAY, JULY 27, 1903.
"Governor," asked tho inquisitive per
son, "why have you never married?"
The governor that had refused all offers
of marriage shuddered. ' i\
"I'll tell you," he said, "but this ig in
strict confidence. -I think I; never, could
bear to hear my wife referred to as 'Mrs.
Gov. Soandso.' "—Chicago Tribune.
4
NEW ADVEKTISEMENTS.
USEFUL DISCOVEBIES
Are Not Always Startling, Neither
Do They Create the Most Talk.
It Is not always the greatest, most start-
!In* discoveries of science that are most
useful to the human race.
Comparatively few people wore directly
Interested in Herrchcl's finding of the
new planet Uranas. but many thousands
•have been benefited by ProfefBor L'nna's
experiments, which proved beyond ques-
tion that dandruff and baldness are the
results of the Inroads of a parasitic germ
which invades the roots of the hair.
. The discovery of the true cause of bald-
ness made Newbro s Herpicide possible
Herpiride effectually kills this germ. "De-
etroy the cause, you remove the effect."
' Sold by leading drugcist*. Send 10c In
stumps for mample to The Herpicide Co
Detroit, Mich. 7
CASTORI A
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the sj? ' S/fj+^r
Signature of (-*ut>T7X T&Zc/UAi
CUTLERY
IA/. X. HESS.
XVtiXt PUELIO AKD ATTOEKET-AT-:/
? »niti floor. Room 1V1&. Clfcua £preckel»
Telephone Mito 9U.
Betldeaee, 621 California »t.. below Pcw«U.
iittldtnc* Tclepboot Justi 1601,
[ | The Outing QirFs 1 1 I
i I i i.i
j| New Picture Fad ||
You'll Never Guess What It Is Until You See the Pull Page of Dar-
ingly "Strenuous" Photographs From Mountain
.''-'; and Seashore in the
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
Also Two of the Best Short Stories of the Season, Which, of Course, S
Are Exclusive of the Clever Half -Hour Storiette Page. H
THE PRICKLY PIC = RED MOUNTAIN NUPTIALS I
a
TABLES FOR THE FOOLISH. NO. I—THE SORROWS OF A SOUL I
ALSO I]
WHY YOUR PHOTOS ARE BAD. I NEW INDIAN CRUELTIES. I
By Charles Taylor Jr. | By Gen. A. A. Burt, U. S. A. H
ALSO I
Fourth and Most Exciting Installment Yet of tl
=THE SPENDERS== |
By Harry Leon Wilson. O
Wherein Uncle Peter Bines Brings Billy Brue to New York to Show |
Him Fashionable Life in the Nickel Plush Hotel in the M
Most Unique Way Imaginable. U
P^BhTgrxa^Fco^ 1
AJ>VE3TISE2EB2JTS.
Hn at fei \MMm Zn " 'ITIm a
tIERCES~
FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
f% I RI9n Uf<S *- Chairs. Stove*, etc
I " II It H I J T ""> for rent and Cor sale.
I'^Il lUI W0 Guns. Rlflea. Fishing lUckla
M B jpa i W I I * ni * Sporting Good*. Send
VI II «¦¦ (or Catalogue. 3hr*»« A
BArt>«r Co.. 730 Mark* at.
tad 021 Kewu tt.
ADVERTISEMENTS. v
For Sore*, Dnrnt, Scalds, /
Ulcers, Ringworm, Tetter, J^ ti^m
Errnpelu, Scald Head, S // §
Itch, Pimple*. Hlotchea, JL >wj^ I
Inflamed EyeUds, Ilcb- w^^V JlT'~4
In* Piles, andall^kiny/Y >. •>> I
Eruption!— ote /F \ S t I
HEISKELL'S.
Ointment
They all yield to It* magieml inflamce. Bath«
the afleeted part, ntlnie HtutrlPi Soap, nicht
and morning, apply HfUkell'a Ointment, and
curefollowilnarewrtays. AtalldrogfUtsfiOc
Sand (or free book of testimonial*.
JOHNSTON, HOLLOWAY Jt CO.
•81 Cwaaieret BU, PhUadatpaU.
r®VB?TTLECURES
A* *3f MoBURNEY'S
C-.T KIDNEY** SiB" 1 '
jKm&T* r <»r Brighfs disease, brick dui'
deposit, bed-wetting, gravel, dropsy, diabetes
and rheumatism. Send 25 cents in 2c. stumps tt
W. P. McBuraey, 418 8. Spring st., Ixjs Angeles
C»l..for«day ? tr e atm't. /repaid fLW.nrnssi.feHONOLULU. July 26.— A gasoline famine
exists throughout the Hawaiian Islands on ac
count of -the recent extraordinary consumption
of tfee fuel -- • ¦ - .„¦¦ . - ,:
CANAK. Oa.. July 26.— Two were killed and
six wounded, four of them, .It Is •believed. -fa
tally, as the result of a row at a negro church
here to-day, in, which pis tola and razors played
a deadly_part. ¦/¦'.'¦¦ '"- ."¦¦ ":s ; ",'-' : v"j35SS!gteeiBeg8B
HONOLULU. July 2T>.— The hearlns of the
<iifti.irtn«'r.t i«ror<*ediass agalnrt Attorneys Ma
roon evA Davi* will <*,ine up in the Supreme
Court U>-morrow and thfn? i* go cnuch feeling
In th* matter that personal encounters are ex
pectai.
Sir John Rigby Dead.
LONDON. July 27.— Sir John - RIgby,
formerly Lord Justice of Appeals, is dead.'
NEW YORK, July 26.— Dr. H. Nelson
Jackron of Burlington, Vt., and Sewell H.
Crocker, his chauffeur, to-day completed
their automobile trip across the continent,
which began at'San- Francisco on May 23.
A bull terrier named Bud. which Dr.
Jackson picked up In Idaho, made the
Journey to New York with him. .
Long Automobile Trip Ends.
Superintendent in Shasta* County
Learns Why Some Recent Wrecks
Have Occurred. •
REDDING, July 26.— The experimental
train In charge of Superintendent Laws
that went up the canyon yesterday to
determine the cause of so ! many wrecks
was itself derailed near Gibson and de
layed several hours ' until a -wrecking
train, from Dunsmulrput It back onthe
track. An oil car^caused the trouble.
TRAIN HAS, A DISASTER
EXPEEIMENTAL TRIP
SEATTLE. Wash., July 26.- A special
from Dawson says: Judge Wlckersham
and th«> members of his party have re
turned to Rampart from the ascent of
Mount McKinley, the highest "peak In
America. Mammoth glaciers 400 feet high
wei i encountered. A river near the
mountain was named Wlckersham for the
Judge and a huRe peak near by Mc-
Kinley was named De'borah, In honor of
Mrs. Wic!cersham.
Explorers Find Big Glaciers.
Race in Southern Waters.
LOS ANGELES, July 26.— The South
Coast Yacht Club race for the Los
Angeles Times $500 cup was sailed yester
day off Lontr Beach and won' by Com
modore Herbert Pease's twenty-flve-foot
sloop Venus. The race was over a ten
mile course and furnished one of the
prettiest contests seen in these waters
between the winner and Wedgewood's
thirty-footer Marc. Venus' time was 2
hours 46 minutes 30 seconds. ' Marc was
6 minutes 30 seconds behind at the finish,
after deducting the time allowance she
made to the Venus. There were seven
other starters. ' ¦ >
lnterr-st in live bird shooting has been
considerably augmented during the past
few days by reason of several pnenome
ral scores made by the crack shots of
this city, and most notably those made in
a match last Thursday between Ned Fay
and J. V. Coicmaa. The two gunraen met
at the lngleeide traps, the conditions of
their contest being fifty birds, the loser to
pay for the feathered targets and a
sportsman's dinner. A large number of
those interested in the sport journeyed to
Ingleside to witness the shootins and
were dazed at the rrsults. Fay killing a
straight fifty and Colcman making a re
markable showing with a score of forty
eight. Half an hour later Fay, in a prac
tice ehoot, missed only one bird out of
fifty.
High Scores at the Pigeon Traps.
LONDON, July 27.— The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Dally Mail sends a
report that near the village of Schalajifa.
in the dlstrict'of Don, thirty-three female
field laborers were burned to death in. a
barn where they had locked themselves
to escape molestation by , male laborers,
who in revenge fired the barn and
watched the burning without heeding the
shrieks of the victims. ..^
Russian 7icld Laborers Commit Hor
rible Crime Near Village of
Schalajifa.
THIRTY-THREE WOMEN
INCINERATED BY FIENDS
PEORIA, 111;, July 26.— The Santa Fe
limited out of Chicago for the West wad
wrecked at the crossing of the Rock Isl
and near Prlnceville last night. The ac
cident resulted from an open switch.
Engineer' Ed O'Brien and Fireman
Charles Vogel, both of Fort Madison;
Iowa, were Instantly . killed. Express
Messenger R. L. B. Budway and his as
sistant, Ed' Parshall, both of Chicago,
sustained minor injuries.
Santa Fe Limited Wrecked.
YOUTHS TUNNEL OUT
OF HOUSE i OF REFUGE
More Than a Score Escape From In
stitution on Randalls
« Island. '
NEW .YORK, July 26.— More . than a
score, of youths of the H»use of Refuge on
Randalls Island tunneled under and
through the thlrty-flve-foot-hlgh and two
foot-thick wall surrounding the building
to-day and escaped.' A dozen others, dis
covered in the act of escaping, submitted
to arrest, and seven who tried to get
away were captured. Two had swum al
most to the Manhattan, shore across the
channel. Two more were caught in Little
Hell Gate; into which they plunged, and
another was caught in the water trying
to swim to Wards Island. The leaders
enlisted about twenty- five youths in the
attempt. Their agros range. from 18 to 20.
Funeral of George H. Nelson.
The funeral of the late George Horatio
Nelson, , who died at a sanitarium In this
city on Thursday last, was held Saturday
afternoon from .the late residence of the
deceased at 1319 • Thirteenth street, Oak
land.. The deceased was an. old-time San
Francisco manufacturer and ; a highly re
spected citizen. He had made his home
In ¦ Oakland ] for a ; number of years. He
was' the. husband of Mary. C. Nelson and
father of | Miss" ' Jessie R. Nelson, . the
trained nurse who : accompanied the wife
of the late President McKinley from this
city. "to\. Washington; . Mrs. James. R.
Leavell, ' Mrs. Albln R. Johnson and W.
Wallace Nelson. --. . ;' .
Cuts Throat With Razor.
George Cook, who resides at- 8 Welch
street, .made 'an; attempt, to commit sui
cide yesterday, afternoon by slashing his
throat with , a razor. Cook had been
drinking heavily -and was mentally de
ranged.-. His. wounds were dressed at the
Emergency. , Hospital. Q. ' : . ¦ ;
CLEVELAND LOSES GAME,
BUT PLAYS GOOD BALL
St. Louis Wins in Spite of the
Heavy Slugging of the
Visitors.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
ST. LOUIS. July 2C— St. Louis trimmed
Cleveland in the opening game of the series
despite some heavy slugging on the part of the
visitors. Sievers kept the hits fairly well scat
tered and the long drives did not prove asdam
ni?ing as they might. Good base-running helped
St Louis. • Attendance, 5500. Score: ,
•. • . ' "..-¦¦ R. H. E.
St. Louis;. .••• B \\ \
Cleveland 3 10 . 2
• Katterles— Sievers and Sugden; Wright and
Bemls. -
CHICAGO, July 26. — In the first game Bar
rett walked was sacrificed to second, took
third on a passed ball and scored the only run
on a triple. . The balance of the game was a
Ditchers" battle. In whtch Donovan held the
locals, safe at critical times. The fielding of
both teams was brilliant. Attendance. 2800.
First game— R- H.- E.
Chicago.:... 0 « \
Detroit •_ * 5
• BatterlesT-Owen and McFarland; Donovan
and Buelow. j
Second .game — R. H. E.
Chicago,. or 5
Detroit * ** ¦*
Batteries— .Flaherty and Slattery; Kissinger
and McGulre.: ;' .;"
.-" NATIONAL LEAGUE.
• CHICAGO,' July 20. -—In four of the five
Innings that the locals scored tn to-day's game
Ithoads started them off with passes. Stolen
bases and bunched hitting, followed the wild
ness tn each Inning. A low throw and Hack
ett's- long -.three- base drive alone saved the
visitors from being shut out. Attendance, 7000.
Score ; .". r. hve.
Chicago :...:..... n g 4
St.. Louis...... • V " ' ; -
! Batteries— Wicker and Kllng; Rhoads . and
O'Neill.' Umpire — Moran.
- CINCINNATI.' July 26. — Cincinnati's Inabil
ity to field slow Infield hits In the seventh and
Corcoran" s errors gave Plttsburg the game. At
tendance, 0500. Score: _
- .': ¦ . "• ". E.
Cincinnati'... 2 7 2
Plttsburg ./...' •••¦• o „ 9 x
Batterlos—Ewing and Pletr; Doheny and
Smith. -. Umpire— O' Day. •, .
Alleged' Burglars Arrested.
' Joseph' Cardinell' and John McCann were
booked' at the Southern Police. Station last
night on charges of ; burglary. \- The men
were'foiind In a'room ofa'SIxth-street
lodging-house, and; It is alleged, succeeded
in getting away with a bundle of towels.
SEATTLE, July 26. — The steamer Senator
arrived to-day ¦ from Nome with seventy pas
sengeri^and $50,000 of treasure. She reports
the arrivalat Nome of the steamship Roanoke
July *17, the- night of her departure. , John
Brynteson.-ione of i the discoverers -'Of Nome,
was a passenger on the Senator.
/ / w-<a ROM what I know of the late
j O O If * Captain Howard and the re
j""*^ ports of the facts surround-
ing his death which I have
learned since I have been
down here I have no doubt in the world
but he met his end as the result
of foul play." This was the opinion
voiced yesterday by R. W. Turner, neph
ew of the widowed Mrs. Howard, who
came down from Victoria to render cer
tain the identity of the man who was
found shot to death in West Berkeley on
July li
Turner arrived in town early yesterday
morning, bearing with him the seal ring
• of the heartbroken woman in Victoria
I who has been robbed of her husband by
• undoubtedly a murder. The delicately
' carved crest — a lion's bead with an ar
j row in the Jaws — was compared with the
| insignia on the finger of the body lying
i in the Berkeley Morgue and the two tal
j lied to a line. The identification of the
former captain of the Victoria Rifles and
friend of the Canadian nobility who had
been done to death hundreds of leagues
from his wife and children was thus ren
| dered complete.
1 But the man who has come down from
; Victoria to perform the sad duty of car
| rying the remains back to the sorrowing
! family can throw no ad^ed light on the
i deep mystery which veils the violent
j death of Captain Howard. He said yes
| terday:
REIiATTVE BY MARRIAGE,
"I was only a relative of Captain How
ard by marriage, his widow being my
aunt, and I have only met him at all in
timately since last February. I know
nothing of his business affairs and had
not heard of anything which might sug
gest a cause for his being made away
with until I arrived here to-day.
"1 will say that I am positive that he
was not the man to take his own life and
1 think the suicide theory untenable."
Turner visited the scene of the tragedy
behind Brennan's barn in West Berkeley
in company with the Berkeley Deputy
Coroner and went over the ground for the
purpose of familiarizing himself with tho
place so that he could report to Mrs.
Howard on his return. He will return to
Victoria on the next steamer.
Save the discovery of one slender clew
yesterday, the mystery surrounding the
ATT3MPT TO ASSASSINATE
A WITNESS AT JACKSON
Bullets Sp-.ed From Amoush at Man
Who Testified in Feud
Trials.
JACKSON, Ky., July 26.— There is much
excitement here to-day over an attempt
to assasinate Riley Coldiron last night.
Coldiron was with James Gear when two
shots from ambush were heard, one of
the bullets passing through Coldlron's
clothing.
Coldiron had testified before the Grand
Jury that he saw Britton and Spicer with
Curtis Jett at the time Jett is charged
with having killed Thomas Cockrill, and
when Britton and Spicer were Indicted
certain county officials attempted to have
Coldiron indicted for perjury.
A large crowd was attracted to the
California Tennis Club courts yesterday
by the epecial exhibition match between
the two professionals, Joseph Dally and
Norman Hodgkinson. While the match
was Interesting, it was too one-«lded to
be exciting. Young Hodgkinson proved
much too strong for Dafly, his older op
ponent, and won three straight sets.
• Daily's came sho»-»d the effects of play-
Ing for the last few years with beginners
and poor players generally. He was off in
most of his strokes and seemed to have
lost his accuracy to a jrreat extent. Oc
casionally he showed flashes of his old
time form, but it was evident be is not
the player he was a. few years agt>. On
the other hand, HcdgkJnson had a world
of speed and played 4.»i excellent game
from all parts of the court. The only
time Daily really xsa£e a stand was in the
second set, whea he pulled the score up
to 4-4 from 4-L Before and after this
everything went Hodgldnson's way. Tho
score in his favor was 6-1, 6-4, 6-2.
As the professional match was some
what disappointing and much shorter
than was expected, an impromptu exhibi
tion doubles was arranged. In this the
two professionals Joined forces against
Robert N. Whitney and Grant M. Smith,
stror-sest two amateur players. This
match was somewhat of an improvement
on the singles. Whitney and Smith were
slow to start, losing the first set, 6-3, and
facing a lead of 3-1 in the second. At this
stage of the eame the amateurs forced
matters and won the r.ext five games and
set, 6-S. The third and deciding set also
went to Whitney and Smith, 6-3.
In the morning the courts were crowded
*nd although the matches as a rule were
not high-class they were exceedingly In
teres'ir.g. Sidney Salisbury and W. S.
MacGavin furnished the best singles
match. The veteran baseline player, al
though not as fast as formerly, has rot
lost his c!cvr- strokes. He broke even
with Salisbury, each winning a set.
The best rsatcb in doubles was that in
which Salisbury and George Whipple took
three sets from Charles Kuehn and W.
Averlll. The first two sets were exceed
ingly close. The following matches were
played:
I)cn Volkmann and D. Horan tied Will Volk
ninn and Herbert - Gray, 4-6. 7-5; W. Voik
mann brat Oray. C-4, 5-7. 6-4: Robert Drolla
beat G. Mullrr. 6-2. 6-1. 6-2. 6-2. 8-6; Harry
OabrtH b«at Dr. I^ovegrove. C-4. 6-3; A. W.
Worth in* ton and W. F. Bull beat ijovtgrovt
end 'Jabrle:, 6-4. 6-2. 6-1; Sidney Salisbury and
UroTK* Whirrl* beat C G. Kuehn and W.
Avpi-»>:i. J»-7. 7-5. 6-S; Harry McAfee b«at Gus
I>iM?r. 6-2. 0-1 6-0: AMen Ames beat Sidney
Smith, 6-3. S-C; W. R. HaoOavln tied S. Kalis
bury. 4-<S, 7-5: Leonard Wood brait lien Wood.
«»-4. O-". 7-r.; Ed Kinriecan'Tieat f*. C. Bozarth.
6-2: Frark Strinsfram and Whipple beat Kuehn
and Averlll. C-4. 2-«. ii-~; Guy Lytton tied
£U»art Gaynp«, 7-5, 4-G.
Ycung Tennis Expert Proves Too
Strong for the Veteran in
Match Game.
HODGKXNSON DEFEATS
PROFESSOR JOE DAILY
A large force of officers was immediate
ly detailed to the scene and the track
was patrolled for a considerable distance.
In addition to this the train was brought
Into Portland under a guard.
OREGON CITY, Or.. July 26.—Infor
mation was received by the Southern Pa
cific officials that its train was to be
held uo last night and the passengers
returning to Portland from the Chautau
qua Assembly at Gladstone, a place
about three miles north of here, were to
be robbed.
Rumors of a Plan for Robbery Cause
Patrolling of the
Track.
OFFICERS OUABD TBAIN
NEAR AN OREGON TOWN
To-night a Coroner's Jury will meet In
the Morgue to pass its verdict on the
manner in which the unfortunate gentle
man from Victoria came by his death.
That Captain Howard exerted a fever
ish effort to place his valuable concession
on the market during his stay in San
Francisco is evinced by the numerous ad
dresses of mining men which appear in
his diary. Besides attempting to interest
William and" Charles Butters in his
project, his notes show that he called on
J. A. Wilkins, 39 Flood building, who is
now in Alaska; H. H. Norwood, 1922
Broderick street, and Henry S. Tobln,
now in the Klondike. Of all those whom
he endeavored to Interest in his scheme,
J. P. Treanor. his warm friend and ad
viser, alone i>ventured to offer, the impov
erished captain hope that he might real
ize a fortune from the brilliant opportu
nities which were stored up in the rich
concession on the Indian River.
It Is a significant fact that the week's
absence from the hotel was evidently not
premeditated by Captain Howard. The
effects which he left behind him contain
a shaving set, tooth brushes and monl
cure set, besides several changes of
clothing. According to the hotel authori
ties, the three pieces of baggage found in
Captain Howard's room after his deatji
were all that he had, so that it is not
probable that he carried a traveling bag
when ho left the hostelry on July 11 never
to return.
The fact that a punched ticket to Sau
salito was found on the dead man's body,
coupled with this note in his diary, may
mean that some person living in one of
the two cities named knew something of
his whereabouts between the time when
he left his hotel and the morning when
his body was found behind the barn In
West Berkeley.
A SIGNIFICANT FACT. .
"Go to Sausalito, narrow gauge; take
train to San Rafael; get off West End
station; walk up two blocks; xxzx for
claim."
week's disappearance and subsequent
death of Captain Howard remains yet un-
Eolved. An examination of the dead
man's diary shows an entry dated July
12. the day after his disappearance lrom
the Russ House
The note, which Is scratched and re
seratched by a lead pencil as if to pre
vent the possibility of its being read sub
sequently, can be partially deciphered as
follows:
RELATIVE OF MAN WHO MET MYSTERIOUS DEATH IN WEST
BERKELEY, WHO ARRIVED FROM THE NORTH YESTERDAY AND
IDENTIFIED BODY AS THAT OF CAPTAIN HOWARD.
L. J. Hoffman, who is a plumber and
steam fitter, residing at 305 Lyon street,
San Francisco.
Miss Nellie Hoffman eaid in telling of
the sad accident that before they at
tempted to cross the ftrtdge they heard
the train whistle. Her mother insisted on
crossing and stated her belief that they
could reach the other side in safety by
hastening. The daughter consented to the
mothers wishes and the two started
across the brldpe. They had completed
a.buut two-thirds of the distance when
the engine rushed upon them.
A cushion from a passenger coach was
secured and the inanimate form was car
ried up the embankment. The train was
backed up and the body placed in the
bajrsape car. Dr. J. W. Jesse had been
summoned and awaited the arrival of the
train, but the woman was past medical
aid.
With her two daughters. Misses Nellie
and Tlllie Hoffman, the deceased came to
this city about seven months ago for the
benefit of her health. She engaged in
the millinery and ladles' furnishing busl
re59 here on Fourth street. She was a
native of Pennsylvania, aged 63 years.
Her husband remained in Pennsylvania
wt.en his wif« and daughters came West.
Ets-des these mentioned she leaves a son.
When the bridge was reached they
heard a whistle, but not realizing that
the train was so near, thought that they
would be able to reach the other side of
the bridge before it arrived. When part
way across the train came in sight
around the sharp curve close to the
bridge. They at once tried to reach the
side of the bridge where they would be
safe from harm on a platform about two
feet b«»low the track. Miss Nellie reached
the platform In safety, but her mother
was cai^ht and whlrlod through the air.
Her body was mangled and then dropped
through the bridge to the creek twenty
feet below.
j SANTA ROSA. July 25.— The Southern
Pac53c passenger train from the south
killed Mrs. C. Hoffman while she was
walking across the railroad bridge in this
otty thSs evening. Mrs. Hoffman, In com
par.y with her daughter. Miss Nellie
Hoffman, bad been out in the southeast
ern part of the town for a walk, and in
returning home they decided to follow the
railroad track.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Da-sghtcr cf the Victim Is Unhurt
end Tells How Her Mother
Failed to Get Out of
Peril's Way.
Effort to Escape the Railroad
Cars Proves Unsuc
csssful.
The Injured: Vincent Higglns, fireman,
will die; Charles. BurUhardt, raotorman,
seriously injured; W. R. Miller, electric
conductor, seriously; Mrs. Mamie King;
Lculs Merkel; G. W. Young, fractured
leg; Simon Spaulding; Jacob Schilling;
Mrs. Allen Mack; Jacob Lenhartl; Elmer
Bell; Mr. and Mrs. "W. II. King; Miss An
nie Sommers, CenterviUe, 111. Eight
others received minor injuries.
The crash was terrific. The accommo
dation train was drawn by an engine,
which was backing and wa3 running at a
good speed when It crashed Into the trol
ley car. Thtf trolley car was hurled from
its track a mass of wreckage. The im
pact caused the coaches to break loose
from the engine and they did not leave
the track, but the engine left the rails,
ran about 200 feet on the ties and turned
over on its side. Engineer Roy and Fire
man Higglns stuck to the engine and
were buried in its wreckage. After being
removed Engineer Roy died at the hos
pital. Fireman Higgins is so badly in
jured that he cannot live. The two were
pinioned under a Jet of scalding steam
and their screams were agonizing. Noth
ing could be done until jackscrews were
secured and the engine was raised. Roy
and Higgins begged to be killed outright
that they might not suffer the torture
they were undergoing. When they were
finally taken out both were literally par
boiled. Beatty and Lenharth, the two
other men who were killed, were standing
on the platform of the street car when
the crash came. They were hurled al
most thirty feet and were picked up dead.
EAST ST. LOUIS, ni., July 26,— An ac
commodation train on the Vandalia road
en route to St. Louis ran into a well
filled electric car on the East St. Louis
and Suburban Street Railway near Lans
down to-day, killing three persona and in
juring a score. The dead:
JOHN ROY, enfc.neer. ,'> , ,
J. J. LENHARTH.
DAVID H. BEATTY.
Train Huns Into Crowded Electric
* C?.r Near St. Louis.
THBEE KILLED, MANY HURT
Meanwhile the limited was pounding
along at regular speed and met the freight
head-on, Just after it had rounded a curve
at Vlaeaty. The morning was fcggy and
neither engineer saw the other ttain in
time to Btop, although the engineer of the
limited had applied the air brakes.
That the two trains came together with
terrific force was evidenced by the fact
that both engines were badly damaged,
but they remained standing upright upon
the tracks. The baggage and buffet cars
were completely wrecked and turned
cross-wiae v.ith the .tracks. The first
sleeper back of the buffet was smashed
in the forward end.
The rear four cars remained Intact on
the track. These cars were used to bring
the dead and injured to St. Paul ur.d Min
neapolis, where the injured were given
surjjlcal attention. None of the passen
gers were seriously injured, but cuts and
bruises were freely distributed and tha
utmost confusion prevailed after the im
pact of the two trains..
The baggageman was burled underneath
a pile of trunks when the car was lifted
off the track, but was taken out unin
jured. The baggage car struck a small
building, and one end broke through the
side of the structure.
Three cars in the freight were wrecked,
one of them containing a ' number of
sheep, which were killed. The wreck de
layed traffic for several hours.
The seriously Injured: H. J. Hickey,
fireman of the passenger train; William
Noble, colored, porter of the bultct car.
Fireman Keene, of the freight train,
slightly injured. •
Fred Horton, the passenger who was
killed, is Bald to have been standing on
the vestibule of the front steps talking
to a friend. His friend escaped injury.
The two trains were the Twin City Lim
ited and a fast freight. The limited was
running as a first Bection from Oelweln,
Iowa, to Minneapolis. The second section
consisted of an excursion train running
from Dea Molnes to Minneapolis and was
three hours behind time. The fast freight,
southbound, received an order at Dodge
Center reading that the second section of
the passenger train was three hours late.
The crew evidently misread the order and
attempted to make Vlasaty tiding, be
tween Dodge Center and Hastings, Minn.,
believing that it was the lhnjied that was
late.
BT. PAUL, Minn., July 26.— Two trains
met in a head-on collision on the Chicago
Great Western this morning. Four men
were killed and twenty-five or thirty pas
sengers injured. The dead:
CHARLES MERKERT. engineer pa»
eenger train, Minneapolis.
H. COGER. fireman, who was riding in
the cab of the passenger engine but not
on duty.
H. HELMAN, engineer of the freight
train.
FRED HORTON, Dodge Center, Minn.,
passenger. ¦ ¦
Terrible Fate at Night
of a Resident of
Santa Rcfea.
Misinterpretation of Orders
Is Responsibls for tha
Disaster.
Pour Killed in a Col
lision of Trains in
Minnesota.
Nephew of Dead Man's Widow Comes to Render
Identification Complete and Carry Remains
Back to Sorrowing Family in the Northern-City
WOMAN DIES
UNDER TRAIN
ON A BRIDGE
FREIGHT CRASHES
INTO PASSENGER
HOWARD MET VIOLENT END,
SAYS TURNER OF VICTORIA
THE BAN- VEAK CISCO CALL, MONDAY, JtJiX 2? s liJOSU-
5
|WyBPSBMBBlBB|Pfty^S^yyMfe3^By'TC^ >^- v> -. i/™^?^^^^^^',^^'./.^*^- '•^^•f^|f^fcy'jih|_^*^HjTRff^^^^^t ¦ '¦ ¦ ' " v *i4y&Fj'" '¦'* y&SfiBl^StBBh&lEBttjfl^rFS&QtBI^&Wa'aSj^Ki
"Lady in Green 9 '
By BRYSON. ;
FREE WITH NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
Jta DON'T FAIL, TO GET THIS EXQUISITE ART SUPPLEMENT. ONE WITH am
*-k|» EVERY COPY OF NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL ALL DEALERS ' AND TRAIN *"V jf*
,t/U NEWS AGENTS SELL THE CALL. PRICE ; \3 XP . :,
¦ ¦ • • - :.-¦•¦ ---¦¦¦ i
THEY ARE FRAMING THE CALL ART SUPPLEMENTS I
¦"¦¦'"¦ Th3 Following Art Dealers Are Making a Specialty of Framing Gall Art Supplements: - ¦ :
SACRAMENTO— Hevener, Mier & ton Racket Store. 711 East Main street; SAN DIEGO— W. P. Fuller & Co.. 71 !
Co 615 J street; C, N. Davis, book Gage's art store, 509 East Main street; F street,
store. 817 K street. Weber's art store, 425 East Main street. FRESNO-Sronce & Dick.
M P^nf V " H< S> GutermUte « J " • OAKlInD^eTj.' Saakefl3 Tele- REDDING-W. H. Bergh "Berirh
M. Wyckoff. eranh avenue- A A Rarlow 3ff> Twelfth Furniture Company"; T. J. Houston,
SANJOSE-George Denne, M. Len- .8japha\enue. A.A.BarIo*.363Tweirm Houston -Furniture Company. •
ten i&- Son. . ' ALAMEDA— C. P. Magapnos, 135S REDWOOD CITY— W. L. Kline.
STO'CKTON— Morris Bros.' Book- Park street. SANTA CRUZ— H. E. Irish. Cook© <
store, 20 North Eldorado street; Stock- CHICO— Fetters & Williams. Bros., F. R. Hew, George Hoban.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Bflmlif/- Desk |
«kX\ Distinction |
\l^ To th«? man -who ha* mad» Ms >
'jr personality felt in the : business f
I world there la evident a declde4 £
*A difference In the several pieces of !¦
5 ofOre furniture — just aa In the 5
| men whom he meets dally. • Such % >!
4; desk aa the one hpro 9ho-w-n appeals j
•< to a successful man. ¦ It baa deep .;
;; built-up writing bed — a superb ¦:
}, piece of quartered Oak — richly jj
2 carved drawer pulls and a spUndM S
i: array of recessed panels. It • Is ?
?'. known as No. 1823 and Its price Is |
i *o.f.."o i
; Perhaps you require a typewriter j
? desk. "We hare a large variety, J
jj both of flat and roll top at pr'ces 3
£ . ranging f rpm $20' t© $75. • ¦ c;
?; Yawaaa ft Srt>« SSXy. Oo. j
!'. 632-633 XTJsslca St. ?
Phcne Main 1730. £
Jr iT"*i*r'** t*i *J-{.*i "?jCi> #**^3^ ij >* ji *\'' ' i'r Iff V f^fm sli i
t) visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
JtaUSEUB OF A3MT0KY$
a Cft i3:iiri22i:s?.^:.;:ii:i.:.r:ii. 4
T ' tj ¦ The Lar^e*t Anatmqica! Miwm In th« \
A jujKn, World. Wc.iknrs-e* of toy '».n:r»ct»<l O
V utSsSo <!:«J« p«»iil»».l7*nr«<il n? the oltieit T
0 I »jj S3I ' bpeaalbt oo the Coau. Est j4 y-ati. Q
A 4£&* ft 0R * JCSDAH-DI3EASE3 CF MEN k
\ W Vly4o#?9 Consultation fr>"e »nd «Ti<-t!y prlY»t«. \
B S irSt fi Twument prnamltf ex br trrtsr. A m
J R Vny /Entire Curi in every case undemk-n. Y
ApU IliSl * v -' rite for B^k. jniLOSOTOY of i
?l J W% BUnRMCG, MAILED FREE, f A f
A <» ti ¦ ¥ » lo * ble book loT mn) *'">* V M
f r»U.4OROA>' *»<>. 1C51 Market St.. •). p. fThe' Czar did not receive the American petition
«4th respect to the Kishcnev massacres, but just the
same his Ministers received full information about it
ted know what it meant
The San Francisco young woman who carried her
sister through the slime of the tenderloin and left
her besmirched, bedraggled and drunk in order, she"
said, that the unfortunate girl may not nurse a taste
for the. moral byways, seems to be inspired with a
belief that inoculation in moral disease is as effective
as it is for physical ills,; The lady seems to be too
dangerous to beat large.
The Press Club will hold its annual out
ing at Del Monte Saturday,' August 1. The
party will leave Third and Townsend
streets on Saturday afternoon at 3 o'clock
sharp in a special train',' and arrive at Del
Monte at 6:30. After dinner there will be
dancing, an informal jinks and a general
good time'.'. The special train will leave on
the return trip at about 8 p. m. on Sun
day. Tickets are $5 50. This includes the
railroad farelbotlv ways, four meals and
rooms at Del Monte Saturday night and
Sunday. Those who cannot leave the clty
Saturday will be- allowed .to use their
tickets on Sunday, going and coming. The
same tickets will also be good for the re
turn Monday.
Press Club Outing.
STAGE NAMES— Subscriber, City. As
a rule actors and actresses aooear on
the stace under assumed names, which
are known as "stage names." This Is be
cause the assumed name Is usually more
attractive than the real one. Th*re are
some, however, who persist in retaining
the true name, and in the case of act
resses being billed by the true title Miss
or Mrs., according to conditions. The act
ress asked about. Elizabeth Ponsi-Wallls
(nee Hanson) % who for many years sup
ported Edwin Forrest in Shakespearian
plays, appearing in leading roles, while
she wag thfe wife of James Ponsi. her
first husband, was engaged to appear In
one of the theaters m London, and the
manager Insisted In billing her as "Mlsa
Ponsi." She absolutely refused to appear
as "Miss," saying: "I am a married wom
an, r propose to be known as such and
have no Idea of sailing under false col
ors. I insist upon being called 'Mrs.' "
After considerable discussion there was
a compromise and she was billed as "Ma
dame." and ever after that. up. to the
time of her death In Washington. D. C.
in 1S99, she was known as "Mine. Ponsi."
She retired from the sta.ee in 1S33.
Recent developments indicate very clearly that the
Civil Service Commission has been notoriously at
fault in the character of the questions chosen by'it to
test 'efficiency in the Fire Department Instead of
examining the men in subjects which would call forth
a knowledge of duty the commission should have
confined* its queries to the dirty pool of primary poli
tics. Not an applicant would probably suffer the
humiliation of failure.
A CONTRACT— E. M. E.; City. The
books lay down the rule that "Mere hard
ship will not excuse the non-performance
of a contract, nor indeed anything else,
if the contract is not itself impossible,
unless performance becomes impossible
through what is technically known as
'the act of God.' This must be something
which no ordinary skill or precaution
could have forseen or prevented."
FROM various points in the East come stories
showing a most strange misconception of the
relations of the National Guard to the public.
In some States the labor unions are denying the privi
lege of membership in the union to men who serve
in the guard. In other States business men have dis
missed employes who belong to the guard, giving as
a reason for the dismissal that they cannot afford to
employ men who arc liable to be called away from
their work when they are needed. The most curious
story of all, however, is to the effect that in Evans
ville, where the guardsmen were called out to sup
press riots a few days ago, pressure has been brought
to bear to compel employers to dismiss any of their
employes who served on. the guard and thus aided in
the suppression of the disturbance.
That such things have happened, even under pro
test, is an illustration of the extraordinary change that
is coming over the minds of some Americans with
respect to our citizen soldiery. It is a change
without any justification. There is nothing abso
lutely perfect in the "world; every institution has its
faults and defects, yet it would trouble the mind of
the most critical and the most persistent fault finder
to discover any valid excuse for the actions either of
the labor unions or the employers in condemning
guardsmen for what they have done at any period
of our national existencel •
The members of the guard owe something to the
public and the public owes as much to the guard.
SBHE NATIONAL GUARD
INTERLOCKING SYSTEM— F.. Ala
meda, Cal. Under what is known as ihe
interlocking system, used by signalmen on
railroads, the signal operator can lower
only one 'signal, namely— that which
corresponds to the track which,
from the position of the switches, is ciear;
and before he can. alter the position of
the switches, he is compelled to return
this signal to "danger."
Hawaii, armed in the self-respect which clothes an
American community, has decided that she will send
ffo hula-hula girls to the St. Louis Exposition. She
has determined that her virtues, not her vices, must
advertise her and represent her to the kind considera
tion of the world.
BRONCHITIS— F.. City. According to
the dictionary, the pronunciation of bron
chitis is bronk-ecy-tis. The word comes
from the Greek, and in that language
the pronunciation is on the last half of
the word "ectts." not "e*. ctls."
\ J. Ross Clark, brother of Senator Clark
and vice president of the Salt Lake, San
Pedro and Los Angeles Road, arrived yes
terday from Denver, where he has been
looking. over th*e business affairs of the
new enterprise at that end of the line.
He is accompanied to this city by George
H. Casey of Butte, Mont., a contractor
who is going south to Inspect the route
over which the rest of the road Is to be
built with a' view of bidding for the con
tract for grading. It was stated by Mr.
Clark that It is the expectation of the
company to be operating trains as far as
Riverside Inside of three weeks.
Frederick Henri, for several years sten
ographer for W. J. Shotwell. general agent
of the Denver & Rio Grande system, has
been promoted to the position of contract
ing freight agent.
A. P. Stewart, general agent of the
Chicago & Alton Railway, returned from
a business trip through the northwest
yesterday and is registered at the Occi
dental.
¦ J. H. Bowes, a lawyer of Dawson, is at
the Occidental.
J.'R. Prince, a mining man >f Ashland,
Wis.. is at the Palace.
F. L. Doscher, who is .connected with
the Armour Packing Company in New
York. Is at the Occidental.
E. T. Parsons, who was with the Sierra
Club in its recent expedition up Mt. Whit
ney, returned to the city yesterday and is
registered at the Occidental.
Judge— Do you solemnly swear to tell
the truth, the whole truth and nothing
but the truth?
Witness— I do.
Judge— What is your occupation?
Witness— I was employed In the Weath
er Bureau.
Judge— You are excused.— Philadelphia
Telegraph.
"What is that car coupled behind the
Presidential train?" asked the tall re
porter.
"That is the photograph car," said the
"Yes. it contains the pictures of all the
big families in the West."— Chicago
"So you loaned Harbinger the money,
"What did he say?"
"He promised to pay *wlth alacrity."
"He did. eh? Well, let me tell you this:
If there's one thing that's scarcer with
him than money, it's alacrity."—Rich
mond Dispatch.
"Charlie Blue tells me he has broken oft
with Nell McClincher."
"The Idea. Nell says she never knew
that she and Charlie were engaged."
"Charlie doesn't say they were engaged.
But. of course, you know It amounts la
the same thing when a girl is as old as
Nell and a fellow like Charlie Is her only
possible chance."— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
"She ain't at home, sor," said the new
maid, returning from the floor above.
"Are you sure of that?" demanded Mr.
de Trop, suspiciously.
"Faith. Oi am not. but she seems to
be.'"— Philadelphia Press.
Mrs. Wickcrby (to new girl)— Eunice,
you will be expected, of course, to wait
on the table.
New Girl— I've generally ett when the
rest of the fam'ly did. ma'am.— Chicago
Tribune.
PERSONAL MENTION.
RELIABILITY— R., Benicia, Cal. This
department does not give information as
to the reliability of. any business firm.
ANSWERS TO >QUERIES.
An armored cruiser, building at Kiel to replace the Kaiser,
was named the Roon by the German Emperor on June 27. Tho
ship is of 9000 tons displacement and fitted with triple-screw
engines of 16,000 horsepower, calculated to give a speed or
twenty-one knots. The main battery consists of four 8.2-inch,
In two barbettes; four 6-inch, in casemates, and twelve 4-inch,
In broadsides— all the guns being quick flrcrs. She is the first
ship In the German navy to have four smokestacks, one abaft
/ . • •
The foregoing list shows a total of thirteen armored ships
of 120.736 tons and 142.407 horsepower, and eighteen unarmored
ships of 52,779 tons and 146,040 horsepower.
That Russia has largely Increased its naval force in China
waters of lat«; is best shown by a comparison with the num
ber of ships in December last. There were then eleven ar
mored vessels of 122.118 tons, and on!y seven cru'.sers and gun
boats of 29,747 tons, making a total of eighteen fighting ships
of 151,865 tons. The present fleet contains but few of the
vessels stationed in Asiatic waters seven months ago. which
latter have been sent home for alterations and repairs, and
the ships now on hand are in the best condition and ready
for the service for which thoy were built. In addition there
is the Siberian fleet, consisting of an unknown number ol
coast defense ships, gunboats, destroyers and torpedo-boats,
most of which are of doubtful utility and none to be considered
in a fight on the high seas. >
A CHANCE TO SMILE
It Is a fact that the United States war vessels are obtained
at a less cost than those of Austria, France and Germany.
The New York Syren nsserts that the contractors for the
latest 16.000 tons battleships will hardly make a profit. The
price which the highest bidder is to receive is 2 cents per
cubic foot less than France pays for the same class of ships,
and is about 1.3 cents per cubic foot cheaper than tho lowest
contract for German battleships. Considering the fact that
wages in this country exceed those of Austria, France an'l
Germany from two to three times. It is evident that only the
better methods that exist in cur yard3. enable American build
ers to derive profits.
the Zahringen's horsepower of 13,000 was calculated to Rive a
speed of nineteen knot3. The highest results attained during
tho Fix hours* forced draught trial was 14.750 horsepower and
not quit* eighteen* knots for the Wittelsbach; 15.500 horsepower
and 13.125 knots for the Wettln, and 14,750 horsepower and only
17.68 knots for the Zahringen- During a twenty-four hours'
continuous run the Wittelsbach developed a mean of 10.6S3
horsepower, with 35 revolutions and a coal consumption of
1.97 pound* per unit of horsepower, and again during a sev
enty-six hours' run 10,300 horsepower and 1&3 knots* speed was
developed. As the six hours' runs were made in shallow water
it is confidently anticipated that deep sea trials will enable
the three ships to make fully IS knots.
The decline has been expected for a year or more
and carefnl men have long ere this discounted it. The
New York banks have the situation' well in hand and
money is standing up excellently under the specu
lative strain. There is plenty of money in the coun
try, collections are good, failures as a rule are few and
unimportant and commercial reports from all sec
tions cheerful. When the great liquidation, in the
stock market is finally over it will be surprising if
trade docs not show the beneficial effects of the
speculative chastening.
A few days ago a well-known New York banker
explained that several inside features of this apparent
liquidation have been unknown to the public at large,
pjnd they throw a new light on the situation. Accord
ing to his statement much of the liquidation has been
no liquidation at all, but merely a shifting of money
from one pocket to the other. Several reorganiza
tions cf vast corporations, such as the Pennsylvania,
for instance, have taken place, and in order that they
may acquire good interests in the new organizations
many large financial interests have thrown their old
holdings on the marko^jo realize funds for investing
in the new ones. This partially accounts for the large
-quantities of stocks recently thrown on the market
2nd can in no wise be classed as liquidation, though
to the outsider it has that appearance. There arc
more of these collateral conditions, which, if gen
erally understood by the public, would give the Wall
street slump a wh'olly different aspect.
The staples have shown more irregularity during
the past week. The provision market has continued
weak, with increasing stocks throughout the West
and a gradual downward tendency in prices. Iron
and steel, as already mentioned, are quieter and not
firm. Weather conditions have been against the
cereal crops, hot and dry winds having been reported
from the Western and Southwestern States, and the
wheat crop estimates are now reduced to 650,000,000
bushels and under, against a Government estimate of
670,000,000 bushels on July 1, while the corn crop is
now hardly expected to turn out more than three
qnarters of that of 1902. Hence the feeling in these
two grains has ruled firm. The trade in woolen
goods has been given a surprise, as the opening prices
of new lines have been reduced to about last year's
level in. spite of a material increase in raw wools and
several other items of promiction. The footwear
factories are reporting business good with a very fair
run of orders.
In spite of the break 1 in Wall street the country's
bank clearings show the slight, almost insignificant,
decrease of 5.9 per <:ent from the corresponding week
last year, with every important city except New York
and Kansas City showing a gain. These figures indi
cate that the smasli in stocks is confined to Wall
street and that general business is undisturbcL The
two failures at the close of the week were not at all
commercial. They were speculative collapses and in
jio wise reflective; of the condition of business
throughout the country.
COMMERCIAL interest centered in Wall
street last week, but the prolonged and sen
sational decline in railway and industrial
shares produced little effect on the body of general
trade. Another new and felicitous expression has
been coined out of the current shrinkage in stock
market values and expresses the situation exactly, "A
rich man's panic." The farmer and merchant arc
watching the tumble of the speculative market with
interest, but Vithout trepidation. No real legitimate
business interest has really suffered thus far, with the
exception of iron and steel, which show a lessened
demand with weakened prices.
Evidently liquidation in Wall street is not yet over.
Jt is agreed on all sides that the values of stocks
have now got down to at least their true level and in
many cases below it, and the general expectation is
for a pronounced rally, which is expected to turn up
any day. But the pendulum has not yet. begun to
swing back. It swung too far up a 3'ear or two ago
and is now swinging too far down in the natural ad
justment of values to their true level. Out of this
decline, unless all signs fail, a more stable market
will emerge, with its diseased and hampering ele
ments sloughed off, with its millions of overcapitali
zation vanished into thin air, its reckless plungers
humbled and its gaudy plumage plucked. The resulf,
cannot but be beneficial to general trade, and the
great body of the American people know it. Hence
they are not alarmed and general trade goes on
serenclv in the even tenor of its way.
DIVORCE OF TRADE FROM SPECU
LATION.
of Japan. Korea, Port Arthur, Vladivostok. Hongkong
and Shanghai. The list does not include destroyers nor tor
pedo-boats, of which upwards of fifty are lying at Vladivostok
and Port Arthur. It will be noted that the armored fleet con
sists, in the main, of new ships, equal in offensive and defens
ive powers to those of foreign vessels of similar types and
that the cruiser class excel3 in speed all other forelgjh cruis
ers. The armament given does not Include the quick firing and
other small guns. Following is the list:
THE Krcnstadski Vlestnlk gives a list of Russian ships
which, except the JChrabry. now at : Piraeus on the way
to Port Arthur, are in Asiatic waters distributed in ports
Three German battleships. Wittelstach. Wettln and Zah
rlngen, have passed their acceptance steam irlals. none of
them, however, coming up to the calculated i»peed. The ships
are identical as to dimensions and lines and are all of U.SO'J
tons displacement, but the two first named have engines oZ
14 000 horsepower, intended to give eighteen knots speed, while
At the next German naval maneuvers a number of army
officers will be distributed among the several ships in order
to familiarize themselves with naval tactics In conjunction
with land forces.
the other. Her coal and liquid fuel supply of 1500 tons Is suf
ficient for 5000 miles at ten knots. The estimated cost la
$4,375,000.
BOSTON has recently entertained 30,000 teach
ers, gathered within her confines to attend the
convention of the National Asso
ciation Her people knew they were coming and all
classes, from the venerable codfish aristocracy and
the literary Brahmins down to the city Aldermen arid
newspaper men, prepared for their reception. Boston
did the best she knew how, and when it comes to the
entertainment of educators she flattered herself that
she knew it all: but now tha^t the teachers have come
and gone she .sits astonished, confessing not only to
herself but to the world that she knew nothing.
It seems that throughout the whole time of the
convention Boston was receiving surprise after sur
prise and shock after shock. For the opening of the
convention a grand mass reception was prepared in
a hall capable of seating 17,600 people. Something
like 7,0,000 tried to get in and the result was a scram
ble. A Boston correspondent of the New York
Herald in noting the happenings of the occasion says:
"After the first rush and when the seats were all filled
about 300 women managed to get in, and being un
able to obtain chairs sat on the floor in an open space
to the right of the platform.' Boston was aghast."
Worse things that that were to happen. The report
goes on to say:>"The most remarkable thing about
the meeting was the quickness with which the curi
osity of the throng was satisfied. Less than an hour
after tlie proceedings had begun — long enough for the
visitors to get a glimpse of Dr. Eliot and those they
had heard so much about— the speakers were talking
to empty seats and at times had to pause in their re
marks while hundreds left the hall."
From that time on the teachers saw Boston, but
snubbed the Bostonians. Despite the fact that 30,000
were in the city it was never possible to get more
than 2000 together for a meeting. The teachers
skipped the lectures and addresses Boston had pre
pared and took to sightseeing, boating and bathing.
Receptions were offered by the leading families, but
the schoolmarms did not attend. We are told:
"At some, where 300 invitations were sent out, less
than a third of that number responded, and some of
the leading members of the North Shore colony who
had made elaborate preparations for the entertain
ment of the educationists were surprised to find that
only a few accepted."
The schoolmarms in fact were having too good' a
time to waste it on receptions or convention meet
ings. They would not even read the papers con
taining accounts of the proceedings. We are told:
"Although the Boston papers added more pages and
devoted almost their entire space to lengthy dis
courses on the proper methods of instructing the
young idea in his different stages of development
there is little to show that the visitors were at all
interested in the display of enterprise."
Having thus snubbed lectures, society and the
press, the girls actually complained that they "were
being watched by policemen in uniform and in plain
clothes," and the Herald correspondent says: "Sev
eral of both kinds were in evidence, and the Western
ers assert that besides being watched their right to
be present was questioned in several instances."
Why Boston should have^. put her police on the
track of the inland teachers is not stated. Perhaps
she was bewildered and knew not what she did, or
perhaps she was afraid they would steal her senses
away and rob her of her propriety. Whatever may
have. been the cause of the spying the watching was
in vain. Not a single teacher was arrested in her
effort to use Boston as a merry-go-round. The
girls had a good time. It is stated that when they
went to the beach to bathe they astonished the
natives, "although Revere Beach is anything but a
Puritanical resort." Finally it is noted: "The West
erners took more kindly to the camera than Bosto.i
girls do.""
Altogether Boston seems to have had a delightful
experience, and while she professes to be shocked
it is probable she would like to have the teachers call
again.
FROLICSOME TEACHERS.
A Toledo woman, ambitious to shine as an amateur
in the fistic art^of self-defense, knocked out a profes
sional pugilist the other day." If her inner self calls
out to her to become a missionary , in this fruitful
field. we have an over crop of plug u'glies in San Fran
cisco that we would like to see meet her and be
thrashc-d.
&It£ -t^Hsl*3 Call.
MONDAY JULY 27, 1903
JOHH Dl SPREC&ELS, ggPggg^^^.^.
tittr*** All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manas"-
TELEPHONE.
Ask for TSZ CAUL. The Operator Win Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
PCBUCATIOX OFKICB Market •¦* Tfcird. S. r.
EDITORIAL ROOKS SIT to. 321 St«T«P»«»i» St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, T5 Ctz.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Tera» by Mill. Jacludicr Po«U»« <C«nh With Order*:
OAIX.T CAii. (including Snodajr). «n« r«r *^*AA
DJUX.T rr^T.T. flnclodir* aaaCxr). • month* 4.OO
DXH.T CAjJk— By Siogla Monti...- TV*
SCTfDAT CAXJU Oh Tcv a **J
WEJEXXT CAJJL, Oom Tw 1 '°°
f Dally... $8.80 Pw Tew Ertr*
FOREIGN POSTAGE { Sundaj- 4.15 Per Ye*r Extra
I Weekly.. l.OO Per Tear Kxlra
All Pornvtatuttfrn arc *ntb.«»rl»e«I to receive
¦ nbtcriptloni.
£*xspi« eopies will be forwarded when requested.
w.ti cnbacTlbers In ordering chine* of aldresa «aoald ba
pcrtJemlax to tfre both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In onto
to Insure a. prompt and ootioct oompiUnc* with their reQueat.
OAKLiM) OFTICK. ' K
1118 Bread way Telephone Mai a 1O83
BERKELEY OFFICE.
XI 44 Ceater Street.... Telephone North T7
C GEORGE KROG3KSS, Masicrr Foreign Ad>er~
tlalnr. Marqaette Ilolldtnc Chtctaa-o.
<Uemt EMrtaoca Telephone "Central 2619.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MOB TO* E. CRAKE 14O0 G Street, X. W.
QRAKCn 6FFICES— 627 Montgomery, earner of Clay, open
until » :W o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 8:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 613 I-trklo. open until
• :S0 o'clock. IW1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 3301
M«rk«t. corner Blzteanth. open until 9 o'clock. 10M Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 1OS Eleventh, open until 8
o'clock. SW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Fltlmore. open until 9 p. m.
REPORTS from Europe are to the effect that
but little Encouragement has been given to the
commissions of the United States and of Mex
ico now visiting various capitals for the purpose of
arranging an international agreement to fix the ex
change value between silver and gold. It is said
that neither London nor Paris promised much, while
in Berlin a* decided refusal was given to the whole
undertaking. In fact the reports tend to the con
clusion that in the opinion of Europe the visit of the
commissions will be wholly in vain.
It will be remembered that the object of the two
commissions is to obtain from European govern
ments an agreement to a programme in relation to
silver coinage which would materially aid not only
Mexico, but China and other silver, using countries,
in shifting their currency from a silver to a gold
basis. The negotiations have been conducted with
as little publicity as possible and no definite state
ment of the plan proposed has been given out, even
if such a plan has been yet devised. The reports
therefore are not to be deemed final, but there is
something ominous in the recent dispatch from Ber
lin to the effect that not only did the German Gov-»
ernment refuse to bind itself to any silver purchases
whatever, but that it is known in Berlin "from a
trustworthy source" that" neither Great Britain nor
France was inclined to be any more favorable.
The issue is one of high importance, for at the
present time currency problems are occupying the at
tention of a considerable portion of the world. ¦ To
begin with, the United States is already engaged in
providing the Philippines with a silver currency based
upon gold standards of value. Mexico is preparing
to accomplish a similar object by somewhat different
methods. Pressure has been put upon China to fol
low the example, and her Government , may be forced
to do so owing to the enormous indemnity she has to
pay to European powers and the difficulties in the
way of providing payment under existing conditions.
Finally it has been believed that Great Britain would
be willing to join in some sort of programme looking
to a solution- of the problem by reason of the large
interests that India has in the value of silver.
Just what difficulties have been found in the way
of the commissions has not b.een made clear, but it
may bt inferred from the reports that no nation feels
inclined to bind itself to any fixed programme. Each
feels itself competent by one method or another to
maintain its silver currency as a subsidiary coinage
at par wjth its gold, and does not care to venture
upon helping the rest of the world. The Berlin re
ports say that Germany has in fact a large volume
of silver for which she has at present no use and
which she cannot put into circulation, and conse
quently will not even so much as listen to a proposal
that she undertake to purchase more. Britain and
France are not so loaded with silver, but they have
enough and are inclined to let well enough alone.
The United States of course can keep the Philippine
currency safe without difficulty, so that our interest in
the matter is mainly one of friendliness. Such being
the case it is easy to understand the European belief
that the whole scheme will fail.
It is indeed a difficult matter to' obtain international
agreements upon any subject. Many efforts in that
direction have been made for one object or another in
recent years, but none has as yet succeeded. All at
tempts to form an international system of currency
or of weights and measures have been futile. So too
have been the repeated efforts to bring about in Eu
rope a partial disarmament, and the later attempts to
arrange an international tariff to protect. the indus
tries of continental Europe against the so called
''American invasion." It is evident that while inter
national agreements on subjects of universal interest
and importance may prevail in the future that future
is as yet far distant.
In this particular case something more than
national dislikes to international pledges is at work
in opposition to the plan proposed. Financiers have
learned that the operation of natural law in the com
mercial world is the only thing that can determine
the relation in value of gold to silver or of any other
one object to another object, and while financiers
and merchants would like to see the establishment of
a universal gold standard and cordially approve of
any well directed step in that direction, they do not
| like to try to hasten it by what they fear may be arti
ficial means.
It is to be noted finally that the object of the
United States in appointing a commission to co
operate as it were with that of Mexico is in no sense
an effort to give silver an artificial value or to at
tempt to fix a ratio regardless of natural values. We
have had of late too hazardous an experiment at
home in that sort of thing to venture upon it again.
The object of our Government has been to promote
as far as possible the establishment of the gold stand
ard even among silver using peoples and to reduce
the currency fluctuations which now interfere with
international commerce and so frequently occasion
heavy losses to innocent people. If then, as Euro
pean reports indicate, the work result in immediate
failure, it may none the less prove valuable as a cam
paign of education, leading in the end to something
of permanent value to the world.
RUSSIA'S POWERFUL FLEET IN ASIATIC
WATERS READY TO ENGAGE IN BATTLE
If it be the duty of the militia to maintain order when
called upon by the rightful, authorities, so it is the
duty of the public to sustain the guardsman when he
has bravely fulfilled his duty. Governor Durbin has
found it necessary to meet the Evansville situation by
saying: "I am sorry for those who are so foolish as
to turn on their protectors. To discharge a man
from employment because he responded to a callof
his State is an act of treason." v
The words are none too. strong for the occasion.
The Evansville riots threatened at one time to be
come so serious as to virtually turn the city over to a
mob. Had that occurred the business men of the
city would have suffered heavy loss of property even
if they had been in no danger of their lives. There
fore when they dismiss such members of the guard
as are in their employ they literal^', as Governor
Durbin says, "turn upon' their protectors." It would
be a sad day for America if such antagonism to the
National Guard should become the prevailing senti
ment in any community. It would be in the fullest
sense treason to the republic, for in every commun
ity there must be some source of protection against
mob violence, and if that protection cannot be as
sured by a ritizen soldiery such as has been and is the
pride of the United States, then the task would fall
to the army, and that would be the beginning of a
new and untried era in our history as a self-governing
people. ¦_ ..- . . -
INTERNATIONAL EXCHANGE.
THE SAN IBANCISCO> CALL, MONDAY, ; JULY 27, 1903.
BATTLESHIP RETVIZAN. THE MOST POWERFUL. FIGHTING MACHINE IN THE FORMIDABLE FLEET THAT
RUSSIA HAS ASSEMBLED IN ASIATIC WATERS. THE VESSEL IS OF THE SAME SIZE AS THE BATTLE
SHIP OHIO, AND OF EQUAL GUN POWER. AND WAS LAUNCHED AT PHILADELPHIA IN 1300.
When the . mails finally arrive, - those
people; who- are : always expecting a. let
ter, and .who never get. any, really ought
to receive a letter or two. .
Special information supplied daily to
business bouses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone ' Mala 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies, 50c a pound. In artistic Ore
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 713 Market st. above Call bids. •
The rebellion-tormented people of Hayti should
have at least one consolation in connection with the
latest governmental tow which has arisen on the
island.; Whichever side loses one bad and dangerous
element of the population will be removed, and if the
process of elimination keeps up long enough the little
rcoublic fnav.some-day.be free from disturbances.
6
NAM-E OF SHIPS. Class.
NA34E OF SHIPS.
Class
I • \
'. Built. 1
I I
! Tons.
I
Horse-
power.
i
'Speed.
i I
,1 Armament.
Armament.
- : -
i • > i
Kicolal I • .Battleship
Peresviet • • J Battleship !
Petropolavsky '. • I Battleship
Pobiedo • .-Battleship !
Poltrava i Battleship !
Retvizan •• 'Battleship \
Sevastopol' '• • '{Battleship !
Gromoboi Armored cruiser J
Rossia Armored cruiser [
Rurlk m. '.. Armored cruiser j
Gremiastchy Armored gunboat ....!
Khrabry Armored gunboat ..'
Otvazny , Armored gunboat |
Askold Cruiser !
Bogatyr Cruiser :
Boyarin Cruiser ...
Diana Cruiser i
Novlk Cruiser !
Pallada Cruiser I
Variag Cruiser • !
Cheniomoretz . Gunboat '
Coreetz Gunboat !
Djijdt . Gunboat I
Gilyak Gunboat '
Mandjur Gunboat '
Razboinik Gunboat :
Bobr Gunboat !
Slvootch Gunboat — !
Aboek •. Torpedo gunboat j
Zablaka Sloop i
Jenissei Transport ....: v .-i
I 1S?2 ]
i 1S31 I
1 1S3S |
[ 1901 t
j 1S38 j
! 19*32 |
! 1399 |
j 1900 |
I 1S93 |
| 1S35 J
j 1S93 I
| 1SSS j
t 1S94 I
| 1901 |
! 1902 |
| 1902 !
J 1902 |
| 1902 j
| 1002 1
! 1P00 |
' 1891 |
! 1SS7 I
j 1S77 |
' 1S9? |
i ISS7 |
I 1SS0 |
! iss* I
I 18S5 I
! mi !
i 18TS !
j 1899 j
] 9.672
| 12.671
I 10.960
| 12.674
j 10.96")
| 12.700
| 10.9HO
| 12.326
| 12.130
i 10.925
j 1.5C0
j M93
! .1.300
I «.ico
6.750
I 3,200
6.630
j 3.20-)
: 6.6C0
I 6.500
| 1.224
| 1.211
1.456*
963
| 1.416
| 1.321>
•J50
9C0
I 5J5
j 1.233
j 2.500
14.5C0
14.213
14J00
11.235
16.000
13.6>JO
14.50U
14.C0O
13.2TiO
2.50)
3.WX>
2.5^9
24.000
20.500
18,000
11.610
1S.O0O
11. WO
20.000
' 2,000
1.7W
1.70-)
1.000
K4>..>
1.7S*I
.1,150
1.123
4.50G
1.194
4,7:9
| 14.S
i 1S.0
j 15.3
i 18.0
| 16.2
| 1S.0
[ 17.5
[ 20.0
I M.O
i is.;
| 15.0
\ 15.0
| 15.5
j 23.S
i 23.4
| 25.0
I 20.0
i 25.0
| 20.0
| 23.0
j 13.5
I 10.5
I lio
i 12.0
| 14.0
| 110
i 12.0
! 12.5
| 21.2
¦ 14.4
; 17.9
2 12-in.: 4 9- in.; 8 6-in.
'4 10-fn.; 11 5-in.: 16 3-in.
[i 12-!n.; 12 5.9-in.: 10 1.87-
|4 10-ln.; 11 «-in.; 16 3-in.
•4 12-in.: 12 5.9-ln.: 10 1.S7-
4 12-in.: 12 6-in.: CfrS-ln.
U 12-in.: 12 5.9-ln.: 10 1.S7-
14 8-in.: 16 6-in.: 6 4.7-in.
\4 8-in.: IS 6-in.; 12 3-ln.
[¦1 8-ln: 16 6-in.; 6 4.7-ln.
il 9-ln.; 1 6-in.
jl ?-in.: 1 6-ln.
1 9-ln.: 1 6-in.
,12 6-in.; 12 3-in.
:12 6-in.; 12 3-in.
C 4.7-in.: S L8-in.
20 3-ln.
|f> *». i*tn. . s 1.5— in.
,6 6-ln. : 20 3-in.
;l2 6-in.: 12 3-in.
|2 8-in.; 1 6-in.
|1 4.7-in.: 5 3-in.
*2S-in.; 1 6-in.
B 6-in.
a 9-in.; 1 6-in.
;i ?-in.; 1 6-in.
2 3-in.; 4 LS-in.
[4 4.2-in.
;5 3-in.
NAM-E OF SHIPS. Class.
NA34E OF SHIPS.
Class
I • \
'. Built. 1
I I
! Tons.
I
Horse-
power.
i
'Speed.
i I
,1 Armament.
Armament.
- : -
i • > i
Kicolal I • .Battleship
Peresviet • • J Battleship !
Petropolavsky '. • I Battleship
Pobiedo • .-Battleship !
Poltrava i Battleship !
Retvizan •• 'Battleship \
Sevastopol' '• • '{Battleship !
Gromoboi Armored cruiser J
Rossia Armored cruiser [
Rurlk m. '.. Armored cruiser j
Gremiastchy Armored gunboat ....!
Khrabry Armored gunboat ..'
Otvazny , Armored gunboat |
Askold Cruiser !
Bogatyr Cruiser :
Boyarin Cruiser ...
Diana Cruiser i
Novlk Cruiser !
Pallada Cruiser I
Variag Cruiser • !
Cheniomoretz . Gunboat '
Coreetz Gunboat !
Djijdt . Gunboat I
Gilyak Gunboat '
Mandjur Gunboat '
Razboinik Gunboat :
Bobr Gunboat !
Slvootch Gunboat — !
Aboek •. Torpedo gunboat j
Zablaka Sloop i
Jenissei Transport ....: v .-i
I 1S?2 ]
i 1S31 I
1 1S3S |
[ 1901 t
j 1S38 j
! 19*32 |
! 1399 |
j 1900 |
I 1S93 |
| 1S35 J
j 1S93 I
| 1SSS j
t 1S94 I
| 1901 |
! 1902 |
| 1902 !
J 1902 |
| 1902 j
| 1002 1
! 1P00 |
' 1891 |
! 1SS7 I
j 1S77 |
' 1S9? |
i ISS7 |
I 1SS0 |
! iss* I
I 18S5 I
! mi !
i 18TS !
j 1899 j
] 9.672
| 12.671
I 10.960
| 12.674
j 10.96")
| 12.700
| 10.9HO
| 12.326
| 12.130
i 10.925
j 1.5C0
j M93
! .1.300
I «.ico
6.750
I 3,200
6.630
j 3.20-)
: 6.6C0
I 6.500
| 1.224
| 1.211
1.456*
963
| 1.416
| 1.321>
•J50
9C0
I 5J5
j 1.233
j 2.500
14.5C0
14.213
14J00
11.235
16.000
13.6>JO
14.50U
14.C0O
13.2TiO
2.50)
3.WX>
2.5^9
24.000
20.500
18,000
11.610
1S.O0O
11. WO
20.000
' 2,000
1.7W
1.70-)
1.000
K4>..>
1.7S*I
.1,150
1.123
4.50G
1.194
4,7:9
| 14.S
i 1S.0
j 15.3
i 18.0
| 16.2
| 1S.0
[ 17.5
[ 20.0
I M.O
i is.;
| 15.0
\ 15.0
| 15.5
j 23.S
i 23.4
| 25.0
I 20.0
i 25.0
| 20.0
| 23.0
j 13.5
I 10.5
I lio
i 12.0
| 14.0
| 110
i 12.0
! 12.5
| 21.2
¦ 14.4
; 17.9
2 12-in.: 4 9- in.; 8 6-in.
'4 10-fn.; 11 5-in.: 16 3-in.
[i 12-!n.; 12 5.9-in.: 10 1.87-
|4 10-ln.; 11 «-in.; 16 3-in.
•4 12-in.: 12 5.9-ln.: 10 1.S7-
4 12-in.: 12 6-in.: CfrS-ln.
U 12-in.: 12 5.9-ln.: 10 1.S7-
14 8-in.: 16 6-in.: 6 4.7-in.
\4 8-in.: IS 6-in.; 12 3-ln.
[¦1 8-ln: 16 6-in.; 6 4.7-ln.
il 9-ln.; 1 6-in.
jl ?-in.: 1 6-ln.
1 9-ln.: 1 6-in.
,12 6-in.; 12 3-in.
:12 6-in.; 12 3-in.
C 4.7-in.: S L8-in.
20 3-ln.
|f> *». i*tn. . s 1.5— in.
,6 6-ln. : 20 3-in.
;l2 6-in.: 12 3-in.
|2 8-in.; 1 6-in.
|1 4.7-in.: 5 3-in.
*2S-in.; 1 6-in.
B 6-in.
a 9-in.; 1 6-in.
;i ?-in.; 1 6-in.
2 3-in.; 4 LS-in.
[4 4.2-in.
;5 3-in.There are no "¦' fewer than twenty-one,
lions in the Dublin Zoological Gardens.
SANTA CRUZ. July 20.— The Rev. P. Gerald
Gay. who has been the popular assistant priest
at the Church of the Holy Cross, has been ap
pointed pastor of the Catholic church at Santa
Barbara durtnj? tbe absence of the Rev.' Father
Stockwell. who is In Europe. :
The Excelsior Homestead Progressive
Association, designed to improve the Ex
celsior homestead district of this city,
will give an entertainment and dance on
the evening of July 30 at Its. hall on Lon
don street, about 200 feet east of China
avenue. .- -V ' : .'• ':¦¦ :.-¦¦'- •'•¦-" '• *>-«V5 ,?;,. ; . ! ;,: O
Entertainment and Dance.
The thirteenth annual picnic of the Coun
ty Leitrim Social Club occurred yesterday
at Harbor View and was a gala affair. Tul
ly's i band furnished music and many
couples crowded the dancing pavilion dur
ing the entire afternoon. There were eight
races, for^ which valuable prises were
awarded, and thirty-four holders of lucky
tickets wero given gate prizes. P. M. Mc-
Gushin- was president of the committee of
arrangements.'
County Leitrim' Picnic.
UnH«J Ftatr? roast and Geodetic Purvey
Tinier, and Height* o » nigh and Vow
Water* et Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay Putiiis-lird by official au
thority of th» Superintendent.
NOTE — The hi«h and low water* occur at
the city front tMlnrlon-rtrret wharf) about
twenty-five minute* later than at Fort Point;
the height of tld«. j B the same at both place*.
• MONDAY.- JULY 27.
Sun rl«« 5:07
Hun *ets 7:25
Moon *tts 8:25 p. m.
O ITir-iet !Tl.-ne! ITlrael jTlme
£ I j Ft. I 1 Ft. | 1 Ft. I Ft.
? iH TV'I |L VV| \H W| jLtV
27 I l:0Oj .V«V 7:20!— fa.3\ 2:13! fi.fil 7:P2 l.S
2S 2:02 5J! K:r« O..1| 2:«»! 5.7 K:.V> 1.7
2S» 3:Oti 4.7i «:»;( O.»| 3:43 5.C|10:0O 1.6
• ttO 4:lf. 4.5! fl:50| l.s! 4:32 R.6 11:11 1.3
31 j 6:3li 4.i;iQ:4G| 2.0! 5:25| 6.Cj
NOTIv— In the above expoeltlon of th«. tides
th* early morning tides are gl\-en In the left
Sun, Moon and Tide.
During July and August special coupon
tickets are on sale, which include rail and
stage fare, hotel bills en route and ac
commodations in the valley at Camp Cur
ry, for a complete trip of five, seven or
ten days: ~ '
Fivu days, $37.50; seven days, $41.50; ten
days, $45.50. _
These accommodations are strictly first
class in every respect, and ladies travel
ing alone need feel no hesitancy about
going, as we can now positively guarantee
comfortable accommodations. Secure stage
reservations In advance at 641 Market
street, Santa Fe office. i]jSl|$&fgHft!dB
A Very Low Rate Established by the
Santa Fe.
Y0SEMITE VALLEY. • '
B. Ruflin died at the French Hospital
yesterday afternoon' from a fractured
skull and his body was removed to the
Morgue. He was 70 years of age and lived
at 622 Clay street. On Sunday evening,
July 20, two friends at Bush and Kearny
streets asked him to take a ride In their
buggy. As Ruflin. was getting Into the
vehicle the horse started and che old man
fell backward, striking on the back of his
head and. fracturing his skull.
Dies From Fractured Skull.
James Carroll, 17 years of age, was ar
rested at an early honr yesterday morn
ing by Policeman Farrell and booked at
the City Prison on a charge of assault
with a deadly weapon. George Leonard
who lives at the Dewey House, on Steuart
street, was walking down Third street
with a friend when they met Carroll arid
three other boys. Carroll, it Is alleged
picked up a cobblestone and threw it at
Leonard, striking him. on the head and
knocking him down. The four boys ran
along Minna street, pursued k~ Farrell
who captured Carroll, and Leonard idenl
tlfied him as the one who had thrown the
cobblestone at him.
Hit With a Cobblestone.
William McGIlvery arid Thomas Neil
were arrested at an. early hour yesterday
morning by Policeman J. J. TlUman and
booked at the City Prison on a charge of
robbery." They are accused ofiiavtng held
up and robbed Richard Hawkins, a la
borer, living at 1309 Stockton street.
TUlman was notified by John Kennedy,
112SB Harrison street, that three men
were robbing another at Third and 'Hunt
streets. Tillman hurried to tho corner
and Kennedy pointed out three men who
were running away as the robbers. Till
man gave chase and caugh. McGHvery
and Nell on Minna street.
Hawkins claimed that. 520 had been
taken out of his pockets by the three
men. As he was not In a condition to go
home he was sent to the City Prison and
will be detained in "the tanks" till this
morning, when he will be asked to swear
to a complaint against McGilvery" and
Neil. '^'"
Richard Hawkins Claims That He
Was Held Up and Coin Taken
From Him.
ACCUSES TWO MEN OF
HAVING BOBBED HIM
SANTA CRUZ, July 26.— The Santa^Cruz
and Capitola electric railroad Is now com
pleted. The first through car went to
Capitola last night. The car left last
evening with the officials, J. E. Gardner,
C. Cole. Dl Murphy and F. W. Swanton,
their families and representatives of the
press. The cars now run between this
city and Capitola every half-hour. On the
trial trip everything went smoothly.
When Seabright was reached a number
of persons were taken aboard. From Sea*
bright the run is jhrough Seabright Park,
across Woods Lagoon to Twin Lakes, tho
Baptist summer resort. Then there is a
long stretch along the beautiful beach at
the edge of Schwans Lake: to the bluff.
The road runs through the settlement ori
the bluff opposite Twin Lakes to Santa
Maria del Mar, the summer resort of the
Catholic Ladies' Aid Society. After leav
ing Del Mar the track crosses Corcorans
Lagoon, and then is a straight road to
Capitola. ¦ . ;./i-w
Special Dispatch to The Call
• • •
Camille d'Arville continues to be the
Miss Nance O'Neil is to be tendered a
testimonial at Sutro Heights on Saturday
and Sunday afternoons and evening, Au
gust 1 and 2, when she will appear as
Rosalind in Shakespeare's play. "As You
Like It." E. J. Ratcllffe is to be the Or
lando, Charles A. Millward Jacques and
Herbert Carr is to appear as Oliver. L.
R. Stockwell will be the Touchstone and
Blanche Stoddard will assume the role of
Cella, while James J. Corbett is to appear
In the part of Charles, the wrestler.
The prettiest part of the Heights Is to
be transformed into an open-air, audi
torium and already the carpenters are at
work constructing boxes and seats that
will accommodate 4000 people. The sale of
seats will begin at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s
music store to-morrow (Tuesday) morn-
Ing at 9 o'clock. .
• • •
Genevleve Haine's society drama, VHearts
Aflame." will be given by the Nelll-
Morosco company at the California
Theater to-night for the first time irk this
city. ; ¦"¦:•: '•"
At the Columbia Theater to-night
Amelia Bingham will enter upon the fifth
and final week of her engagement here.
The week will be divided between "The
Climbers" and "The Frisky Mrs. John
son."
The Orpheus Comedy Four is as well
received as last week. A better quartet
is hard to find and the comedy adds to
the value of the turn. The three Polos,
first on the programme, in a trapeze act,
are accorded a warm welcome and are
still a drawing card. :;, ' v
Ethel Levy introduces new songs in her
act. One, "If I Were Only Mr. Morgan,"
takes tho house by storm and increases
the popularity of the versatile actress.
Claude Gillingwater and company con
tinue in their little farce, "The Wrong
Man," and receive bounteous applause
throughout the sketch.
The usual excellent bill was rendered at
the Orpheum last night. Several new
numbers of merit added to the enjoyment
and the audience pronounced the perform
ance far above the average in vaudeville.
James J. Morton, as a monologue artist,
makes a decided hit. All of his stories
are new and are told in such a manner as
to keep his auditors in laughter from
start to finish of his act. Macart's dogs
and monkeys give entertainment of the
highest order. The little \ beasts are
trained to the top notch and their stunts
are wonderful.
Claudius and Corbln do a. banjo turn.
Their playing is marvelous and they are
by far the best stringed instrument
artists that have visited the city for some
time. Mme. Konorah, as a modern witch
and mistress of mysteries, kecpa the audi
ence guessing. She has been rated with
Kellar.
Santa Cruz and Capitola
Connected by a New
Line.
Miss Bingham to Repeat
"The Climbers" at
ELECTRIC ROAD
JOINS RESORTS
to arrive.
Steamer. ¦ From. Due.
V. Hi tJtggKttl Hurr.bc'.dt Bar 'July 27
. A' n;e j Siurisw River 'July 27
Vcstport San Pedro ; July 27
Ncwfcsrs .-'an I J e<Ir<.> July 27
>i.~ Ldadaaer .". Gray? Harbcr ! July 27
f-ii'-sia 4 Hamburg A Way Ports. 'July 27
fc>. M«n:ca. ... I San Pedro 'July 27
• bthMtiM ! 'ira>s llarl>c.r 'July 27
Ventura I Sydney & Way Ports. . July 27
h: ate of '.'a'.. *?«n V:e~ga 4'U'a Ports. Jujy 27
6». Barbara . . . i t^sr. Pedro. July 2S
t'oror.tdo «;iajs Harbor July 2S
No-rth Fork. .. Humboldt Uuly 2s
• ''jt-oria Kuniboldt 'July 2S
• zarir.a Com Bay July 2S
Siberia China & Japan July 2"J
< uracao Mexican Ports :JuIy 29
City of Psra.. New York via Panama. .July 2t>
Itamcna San Pedro & •ay Ports. July 29
< "olumbia Portland & AFtoria July 29
.. J F«£iUe & Tacoma July 29
1 w>| Xerte j Crescent City July 30
Boa:..] Pan Difro & Way Ports. July 30
Arr Eel River Ports 'July ::i
I v>r.iona j Huir.boldt July 31
< iry Puebla... Puect Sound Ports July 31
<"'.avrr:ng China & Japan July 31
point Arena., i Point Arena ! July 31
AXUuce ¦¦ Portland it Way Pc-rts. -Aug. 1
r.«end<T»h .Seattle 'Aug. 1
Cooa Bay I Newport & Way PorU.'Auir. 2
<;. WT. Elder., i Portland & Astoria Aur. 3
Rainier Seattle & Whatrom 'Aug. 4
L'natUla Puret Pound Ports Aug. 5
Pan Joy* J Xew York via Panama. Aug. 5
TO EA1L
Ft*amer. J destination. J Sails.] Pier.
j Jnlv 27. |
N*wburr...jGrey» Harbor , 4 rm Pier ]0
.S ilor.lca. ..| Grays Harbor * 4 pm'Pier 2
Jtontara. (Seattle & Tacorna.; 4 pmPler 9
Arro 'Eel River Ports ' 4 pmiPler 2
Pomona j Humbcldt 'l:3<Jp!Pier ID
<:.W.EJ<W.. Astoria * Portland 11 am'Pler 24
l'l. Arer.a... Point Arena • 4 pm:Pier 2
Jnlj 25*. j V I
Arctic .' Humboldt 10 am Pier 10
s. Barbara. .! Seattle A: Olympia.i 4 pm'Pier 2
JZureka j Humboldt fl ami Pier 13
Arcata JCoos B.& Pt. Orford 4 pm Pier 13
•oronado. ..JLis Angeles Port*.' 9 om'Pier 10
L'.thtan China & Japan 1 1 pm Pier 11
Coos Bay...* Newport & Way.. I 9 pmiPier 19
Argyll J Nome direct
Joljr 2f».
J'hierix P.Arena & Mnd'no! 1 pm Pier 13
J. iJcllar. I Seattle * Tacoma.. |1<» amSPier 2
iaqua J Humboldt j 8 amjPler 2
nival a Willawa Harbor....] 4 i>m:Pler 2
July .to. | |
Corona Humholdt (1:80 p,Pler J9
Cfil. Kan Diego tr Wty.J 9 amtPier J9
Queen ' Puget Round Pert*. Ill am Pier 9
July 31.
North Fork..' Humboldt I 9 am Pier 2
N. Maru. .. . MTiina fc Japan. I 1 pmiPier 40
Ne-vadan Hnolulu * Kabului! 3 pmiPier 2W
Aukum 1. ¦
Hamor.a 1 San Pedro & Way.j J» am Pier 13
Columbia.. ..'Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 2*
Newport IN. T. via Panama 12 m'.Pler 40
Ancu«t X
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma.' 10 am Pier 2
AofcuM 1. !
City Puebla..! Puget bound Ports. ill atn'Pier 9
Alliance. — J Eure'ra & Coon Bavi 5 pm'Pier ltt
Ausn«l If. : '
Denderah... Humburjc & Way.! iPier
Ango»t (I. ' 1
Ventura ' Sydney &• Way 1 2 pmiPier 7
FROM SEATTLE. ¦
Steamer. j For. | s«iig~
Hclphin Fkagway & Way Ports. jjuly 28
Nome City ' Cook* Inlet & Way Pts.IJuly 23
Oty Tcjreka... Kkar»"«y A Way PorU.iJuly .no
Meteor ' Nome & Ft. Michael 'July 31
Ohio Nome 4 Ft. Michael. ..(Aug. 1
Excelsior. ¦....' Conks Inlet & Way Pts.lAug. 1
Aztec Nome (Aug 1
Cottage City..] Fkacway A Way Porta.jAug. 3
Hpokane Fkagf.'ay ft Way Porta.JAug. 4
lioanoke Nnme & St. Michael. . .jAug. 4
Al-Ki ! Hkagway & Way Port*. (Aug. 4
I'iritro ' Kkajrway & Way Ports. Aug. 4
Fr-nator Nome- Aug. 5
lifTlhe ' Cooks Inlet A Way Pt». Aug. 7
«-ity Seattle... Ekagvay & Way Ports. Aug. 7
— • ¦ •
Movements of Steamers.
At Grauman's, Seventh and Market
streets, there is a change of bill this
week, with many vaudeville specialties.
The bill at the Chutes continues to af
ford high-class specialties and In the zoo
are to be found the baby tigers.
The bill at the Central Theater to-night
will be the drama, "A Lion's Heart."
"In Wall Street" is in its Becond week
at the Grand Opera-house, with Raymond
and Caverly in the two leading roles.
At Fischer's Theater the combination
burlesques. "Under the Red 'Globe" and
"The Three Musketeers." continue to be
the attraction, with Bernard, Kolb and
Dill, Blake, Hermsen, Whelan and Maud
Amber In the principal roles.
• • •
White Whittlesey will appear to-night
at the Alcazar Theater in the first San
Francisco production of Hall Calne's
"The Manxman."
• t»y m'-?: •
bright particular star in "The Highway
man" at the Tivoll Opera-house. Edwin
Stevens plays an<^ sings the part of Foxy
QuIUer.
Discouraging the dog's overtures and
dodging skillfully whenever the brute
shook himself • and sent paint spattering
"Did you get through?" asked Smith.
"Yes," came back over the wire. "I
got through all right*, but the bulldog has
the paint. He's spread It all over the
place and is getting ready for another go
at me. For God's sake came down and
call him off." ' . •• '
When Smith reached his office he found
the bulldog covered from head to tail with
several coats of paint. He found the dog's
impression, danein colors, against sides of
beef and dadoed along the walls. Stream
ing over the floor was paint and on the
office door a half chewed panel showed
that Smith had arrived jtist in time to
prevent a similar distribution of the
painter.
"Come here, McMillan; lie down, sir.
Get away from my pants, you brute."
READY FOB BATTLE.
CARTOONIST WARREN PICTURES SOME OF THE STIRRING INCI
• DENTS OP A PAINTER'S DAY IN DURANCE VILE WITH AN UN
COMPROMISING BULLDOG AS- HIS GUARDIAN.
to the ceiling. Smith made his way to
the office.
The painter was standing in a large
waste paper basket beside the telephone.
On a nearby table was a collection of
shoes, rulers, paper weights and Ink bot
tles. Wrapped around his left arm wa3
the office towel and in his right hand a
massive clock key. The painter was pre
pared to sell, his life dearly.
"Awfully sorry," said Smith. "I forgot
all about the dog."
"I'm sorry, too. Been . here since 7:20
this morning. I got in all right. Closed
the door behind me and had taken off my
coat when the dog discovered me. He
made -no bones about his intentions. I
dropped everything and got in here. Hold
the dog. I'm going. I'll send for the
cans. The pup at* the brushes before
neon. He tackled them after he finished
my coat. Never mind another coat. Just
let me out. I want air. Good-by.'.'
ORPHEUM BILL
IS OF THE BEST
"All right. There are my keys. You
know the way in and know just what I
want and how^I want it done. So-long."
PAINTEB. TELEPHONES.
Smith Invariably devotes the Sabbath
to the Smith family, and yesterday,' as
usual, spent most of the day out of doors.
As he entered his home about 4 o'clock
the telephone bell rang.
"It's been ringing all day," volunteered
the new servant. "I never meddles with
what ain't my business, but whoever that
man is he's no gentleman. There was a
growling and a barking on the wire and
I could not make out what he wanted, but
bis language was something awful. You'd
better be careful, sir, I think he's crazyi"
"Hello." said Smith. ' V
"Who? Oh. the painter. Well. What?
What?"
IF Ed ' Smith of the Golden Shore
Market is mare particular about any
thing than his own personal appear
ance it is about having his place of
business clean and freshly painted.
Smith supplies the larders of deep water
ships with all kinds of edible flesh. He
boards new arrivals and no matter how
small a boat he uses, how stormy the
weather waxgs or how wet anybody else
gets. Smith lands on the beach dry, clean
and to all. appearances as freshly . laun
dered as when he left his home in the
Western Addition. As Smith the man is
immaculate, so. behind the beeves and
muttons of his storehouse,- is the little
office where Smith the butcher writes his
letters and keeps his books.
Smith decided on Saturday that his of
fice needed a new coat of paint. As he
walked up Clay street he met the painter
who had on previous occasions done for
the office what Smith's tailor so frequent
ly does for Smith.
"When can you do it?" asked Smith, af
ter describing the growing nakedness of
the office woodwork.
"Any time I can get in. there," said the
painter.
"Work on Sunday? Will you do It to
morrow?" asked Smith.
"Sure." • ...
NEW YORK — Arrived July 2tt— Stmr Cym
ric, from Liverpool and Queenstown; stmr Bre
tagne, from Havre; stmr Umbria, from Liver
pool and Queenstown.
MOV'ILLE— Arrived July 26— Stmr Bavarian
from Montreal and Quebec, for Liverpool, and
proceeded. A
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed July 2ft— Stmr Lu
canla. from Liverpool, for New York.
HONOLULU — Arrived July 20— Schr O M
Kellogg, from Eureka.
Sailed July 25— Ship Hawaiian Isles, for
Delaware Breakwater.
HILO— Sailed July 22— Ship" Falls of Clyde
for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
SAN rEPRO— Arrived July 25— Schr Joa
Rues, from Port Orford. July 2tt— Stmra Ra
mona and Premiss, hence July 24; stmr Marsh
field, from San Diego; schr Sophie Christenson
from Gr»vs Harbor.
galled July 26 — Stmrs Ramona and Marsh
field for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Sailed July 2C— Schr Mary E
Ruw. for San Franrisce; Br bark Pharos, for
yueenstown.
ISLAND PORTS.
Passed in July 20\-Stmr Jeanle. from Nome
for Seattle; schr Argus, from San Pedro for
Everett: brig W G Irwin. hence July 4. for
Roche Harbor.
EVERETT— Arrived July 26— Ship A J Ful
ler, from Port Townscnd. ' "
SEATTLE— Sailed July 26— Sfmr Lyra for
Hongkong: stmr Oregon, for Nome.
Arrived July 26 — Stmr Senator, from Nome
TATOOSH— Passed out July 2O— Stmr Eu
reka, from Seattle, £or Nome.
DOMESTIC I-ORTS,
Per b*rk W B Flint— July 23. lat 40 N, Ion
130 W. bktn Katie Flicklnccr. from Port Los
Angeles, (or Columbia River.
Per «chr Peart— July 19, lat 49 N, Ion 130 W
Br sealinr «chr Sadie. "
Per Nor bark Bonaflde — July 18, i at 3<; j^
Ion 14» W. Nor bark Vivex. from Acapulco"
for Eureka. '
SPOKEN
POINT LOBOS, July 2f», 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind SW, velocity 12 miles per hour.
SAILED.
Sunday. July 26.
Stmr Chleo, Jensen, Bandon.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Ruth. Reed, Bowens Landing.
Stmr Mackinaw. Storm. Tacoma.
Stmr San Pedro. Jacobs, San Pedro.
Ger baik Gudran, Karsten. Callao.
Br bark Kalklrk. Helm*. Burrard Inlet.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Stmr San Pedro, Jacobs, 24 hours from Eu
reka: bound to San Pedro; put in to land pas
sengers.
Stmr CiDsy, Leland. 27 hours from Moea
Landing.
Stmr Itqua. Bonlfleld. 22 hours from Eureka
Stmr Coos Eay, Xicolson. 72 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Whitesboro. Olsen. 56 hours from San
Pedro.
Nor simr Titania. E«enes. 00 hours from
Nanairno.
Xor stmr Hero. Syvertsen. hours from
Oyster Harbor.
Br ship Marlon Lljrhtbody. Cordlner, 84 days
from Newcastle. N S W.
Bark Haydn Brown, Asplund, 38 houra from
Eureka.
Bark Palmyra, Peterson, 10 •¦4 days from Port
Gamble.
Fr bark Edouard Detaille. Drillet. 101 days
from Newcastle. N S W.
Nor bark Botiaftde, Olnen. CS day* from In
vereargil. New Zealand. . I
Schr A F Coats, Dahloff, 7 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Bessie K. Merriam, 18 hours from San
Vicente Landlnr.
Schr J M Colman, Peterson, 9 days from
Anacortes.
Schr Pearl. Peterson. Ifl days from Unga.
Sunday, July 26.
Ptmr Mlneola, Kirkwood. 8<J hours from Ta
cotm.
Stmr Queen. Cousins, 5? hours from Victoria
and Puget Sound port*.
Stmr Gualala, •Johnson, 19 hours from West
pert.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Glelow, 2 days from Port
Harford.
Stmr National City, Johnson, 14 14 hour*
from Fort Bragg.
Stmr Phoenix, Odland. 1* hours from Men
doclno.
Strcr Arcata. Maegenn, 49 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Eurelta, Jcssen. 22 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Melville Dollar. Fosen, 93 hours from
Everett.
?
Shipping: Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Resolved. That the executive committee, In
conformity with the constitution, proceed and
Investigate the charges preferred against the
following named members of the club for their
duplicity and antagonism to the Union Labor
party, who by their actions have shown be
yond a peradventure of any reasonable doubt
their insincerity to the cause of labor and the
public in general, and who have openly and
avowedly allied themselves with the Ruef-
Parry-Schmitx faction In the Interest of the
liepubllcan Primary League, -and whose acu
can only be construed that their own personal
benefit is paramount to the peace. happine?s
and prosperity of the citizens of San Fran
cisco and acainst the Interest of good govern
ment: Thomas F. Hasan, Thomas Regan,
John Wiedemann, Patrick Tlerney, ¦ Charles
Sislrron. M. J. Kerrigan, H. Bunkers and
R. W. Roberts.
JAMES McXAMARA, Secretary-.
The Union Labor Central Club has also
adopted the following proclamation:
That in view of the Ruef- Parry -Sehmltz fac
tion endeavoring to mislead the public by their
actions as being representatives of the Union
Labor party <of which they are not). the
club deems it their bcunden duty in the In
terest cf the Union Labor party and to set the
public right to Inform them that at 993 Markef
street there appears a sign bearing the in
»< riptlon, ""Union Labor Headquarter?." and
also^nother, "E. E. Sehmltz for Mayor." The
club earnestly desires to Inform the public
that the aforesaid signs are not those of the
Union Labor party, but of ths unscrupulous
political grafters who are endeavoring to mis
lead the public through fai?e representation.
The Union I^abcr Central Club as a representa
tive body of the Union I^abor party denounces
and deprecates the actions of these Impostors,
whose aims and objects are to disrupt the
Vrion Labor party and turn the name over to
the Ruef faction of the Republican party. The
Union Labor Central Club to prevent the pub
lic from being misled desires to inform them
that the headquarters of the legally recognized
Union Labor party is located at 850 Market
street, opposite Fourth, room* SS and 3$>
JAMES McNAMARA. Secretary.
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
F.irnetiraes occurs. The heights riven ar« In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Purvey Charts, except wh<-n a minus < )
sign precedes the heights, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth riven by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the
mean of the lower low waters.
Resolved. That the Union Labor Central
Club pledges all its members to assist the
legal coverninK body, the County Committee
to make the l*nion Labor party a success at
the primary election to be held on the 11th
proi.
There is war to the knife In the ranks
of the Union Labor party. The Auber
tine-Ewell forces, representing the sup
porters <Jf Mayor Schmlu. were defeated
in the Superior Court, but are preparing
for a battle at the primary election. Th«-
Harders-Berger forces, who are support
ing the Casey end of the party, are get
ting into line. They have the prestige of
recognition by the courts, as their Coun
ty Committee has been declared to be the
governing body of the party. The Union
Labor Central v.lub has also taken an ag
gressive stand against the Alayor.
A regular meeting of this club was held
on Saturday evening at headquarters,
915^2 Market street, and the following res
olutions were adopted unanimously:
Rival Factions Preparing for
Hard Fight at the
Primary.
Ars-wg the «Ci;r*» cf w»5*ia which arrived
here yesterday wa* cr.e that has never b«en
li^re before, the Norwegian hark Bcnaflde. She
,-rt Ir.vercarsil. New Zealand, for this port en
O'Callaghan's Find-
PohcrinaTJ O'Cal'.aghan of the Harbor vquai
I -r.i * pair of snowKhoea yesterday where
:".ey had been left by some ahsent-iainded
t-avel*>r in the ferry depot. The saovrshoes are
if tht Canadian kind, elaborately strung with
in th»!r frani*i with strlis of rawhide.
"Saowsboes," O'OaJlaghan called them in
•he report be tvrned in at the Harbor Station
with bifl Sad.
¦"SaowEhoe* be darned." raid Cautaia Dua
lerr. after examining the articien and glanc
'.r.K over, the ooliceman's repon. "Change that.
O*Cstilaan must be drramLns. They are
Itwa tencis racquet*."
"If the captain called those things lawn ten
:::5 bats he zaurt have been thinking of souie
:Mng e:»e." Eald Serteant Cook a little later.
"I've lived in Canada and there they play
laTota with those things. Belter change that
report. Call them lacrosse bats."
Sergeant Cullnai. the Bration-keet*r. read*
"ten change as suggested, but when Sergeant
Tom Maiiooey dropped in. scrutinized the
article* Tilth the eye cf a connoisseur and de
clared that they were FUtptao rhleids. Cullotn
trafcbod the snowfJioes. rut them under lock
ar£ ke\ and prepared for headquarters a re
j<crt which stated that Polic-man O'Cailagrhan
i.ad found In in* ferry depot "me bundle, ccn
t-rts unknown."
«
Shio From New Zealand.
The overdue French bark Edouard
D"ta511«. which has been on the reinsur
ulpe list einre July 9 and wjs beginning
Lo attract the attention of speculators.
Fettled all doubt as to her safety yester
day by blowing In through the Golden
Oate in gooa condition and Trith her cargo
of 2360 tons cf coal cocl and safe. She
was 101 days corning from Newcastle,
Australia. On account of her cargo and
its not infrequent habit of warming up
and catchtap flrtii the underwriter*, when
the v<*ssel had been out 84 days and was
still unhear>1 from, began to get from
under. The French Fhips. however, have
he»n <»xtre=jcly lucky as coal carriers and
although on the beard for nearly three
•reekfl the rate of reinsurance on the De
:a!I> was or.ly 15 per cent.
Uzht winds aqd cairns were given as the
cause of the vessel's long passage.
•
;oal Ships Arrive.
In addition to the Euouard Detaille, there
were oifc^r coal carriers among the large fleet
of ves*efc» which arrived yesterday from va
ii- > ef rrts of the Pacific. The Meant colliers
VIneola and Tltania brought between them
8632 tecs of the black diamonds and the Brit
ish ehir Marion Llirhtbody, g4 days from Kew
. a«!e. had tor cargo 32S0 tcna of coat
Although Long Reinsured Is
Quoted Only at 15
Per Cent.
Central Club Denounces
Followers of the
Mayor.
Edouard Detaille Is in
Port Safely From
Australia.
OVERDUE FRENCH
BARK ARRIVES
BATTLE RAGES
IN LABOR RANKS
Man of Colors Goes Into a Down Town Office to Do
a Day's Work and Is Driven to Shelter by Canine
Which Isolds Him Besieged for Nine Long Hours
MISPLACED VIGILANCE OF A BULLDOG
PLACES PAINTER IN PERILOUS STRAIT
DROPS A MATCH
AND LOSES IIFE
Stockton Child Causes
an Explosion and a
Tragedy.
Gasoline Tank Breaks Into
Fragments and City Is
Alarmed.
STOCKTON. July 26.— The remains of
11-year-old Mareno Gianetto are In the
Morgue, the child having met his death
this morning by an explosion of gasoline.
Little Gianetto and Louis Costa, a play
mate a year younger than himself, were
near Gianelli's grocery shortly before
noon. The boys were playing with
matches, and N one of these Mareno
dropped while lighted into a supposedly
empty gasoline drum. An explosion at
once ensued. The boy was hurled into
the air and he fell in the street with his
head against the stone curbing. Blood
gushed from his eyes, ears and nose, and
he was dead before a doctor arrived.
The explosion- was a heavy one and was
heard for several blocks. The big tank
was torn asunder and windows, in the
neighDorhood were shattered. The .other
boy was some distance away and escaped
with a few burns. The dead boy was the
son of G. Gianetto. a produce merchant.
THE SAN FBAKCISGO CALL, MONDAY; JULY 27; 1903.
7
'-'_ AMTJSEMEXTS. ..
3 I VOLJ HOUSE.
EVERY NIGHT and SATURDAY MATINB8.
Second Week of the Great Success of *
Gamilie D'Arville
In De Koven'a Tuneful Ccmlc Oo«ra.
"The Highwayman"
I HER . SPECIAL ENGAGEMENT HAS I
PROVED TO BE THE EVENT OF THE I
THEATRICAL. SEASON. I
EDWIN STEVENS In the Great Part of
FOXY QUILLER.
Arthur Cunningham. Ferrfs Hartmaa. Ed-
ward Webh. ' Annie Myers. Bertha, Davis ant
all of the TlvoM's .superb company and orches-
tra combine to Droduce a most brilliant per-
formance. - • . •
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 30c. T3<J
Telephone Bush 9.
VALID VAUDEVILLE!
Mme. Konorah; James J. Morton;
Macart's Dogs and '' Monkeys;
Claudius and Corbin; Claude Gil-
lingwater and Company; Ethel
Levey; Orpheus Comedy Company
Four; Three Polos and the Bio-
graph.
Re?#rv*d Peats. 22c; Balcony, 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs. ;".' i .
Proprietor*.
Market St., Near Eighth. Phone South 53X
TO-NIGHT— ONE WEEK ONLY.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The New York and London Success,
"A LION'S HEART."
1 With
HERSCHEL MAYALL
An«l the Central Stock Company.
Intense Heart Interest! Thrilling Climaxes!
Brilliant Comedy:
pnircc Evenings lQt to 508
rillWCj Matinees 1(X\ 13c. 23o
MONDAY. August 3.
Edwin Arden'3 Famous Russian Drama,
* "ZORAH."
SUTRO J1EIGHTS.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY AFTERNOON'S
ANI» EVENINGS. August 1 and 2.
4 OPEN-AIR PERFORMANCES 1
Monster Testimonial to
NANCE O'NEIL
Who Will Mak* Her First Appearance aa>
"ROSALIND" in a MagniHcent
Production of
"AS YOU LIKE IT."
An Unequated Cast. Including
James J. Corbett
As "Charles," the Wrestler.
Reserved Seats. $1; Box Seats, (I 50.
On sale at Sherman, Clay A Co.'s To-Morrow
Morning. .,> -
PoU r * dWt PAIL TO
* Clmby see the beautiful
: :^;.; COURT Lounging
flfid room, the EMPIRE
UllU PARLOR, the
P j PALM ROOM.the
II ft) fill LOUIS XV PAR-
\iiuuu LOR^ and the LA<
U^l^i^ DIES ' WRITING
Hotels r °om.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
j<£\£, f5>v Steamers leare San Fr»a-
/>Vp —^QoS. claco as follows: - '
fVi£. _ Nu>\ For Ketchlkan. Juneau.
I 0 -! W^*3l Y"M Skagway, etc.. Alaska— 11 a.
I ' \^3?^8v I m - JuIy 25 - 30 - AugU»t 4.
1 \ \lb9tri&sa/ ./ Chanct to company's steam-
w\ \\ >O/ era at Seattle.
VJ^vy^^*/ For Victoria. Vancouver.
>^»SrAi>^ Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
"^ ccma, Everett. Whatcom — II
a. ro. July 23. SO. August 4. Change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska, and O.
N. Ry.; at Seattle for Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eurtka (Humbcldt Eay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. July 27. August 2; Corona. 1:30 p. m.,
July 24, 30, August 5.
For Los Angeles (via Tort Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and . Santa Barbara,—
Santa Rosa. Sunday;, 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. ro.
For Los Anzeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San SImecn. Cayucos. Port Harfont
(San Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme. I
Coos Bay. 0 a. ra.. July 24. August 1.
For Ensesada, Magdalena Bay. San Joss 4*1
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Ro-
calla. Guayrnas (Mex.). 10 a. ro.. 7th of ea:b
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right .U reserved to change stsarners or si;l-
Jns- dates.
TICKET OrPICE3 — 4 New Montgom-
ery street 'Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight office. 10 "arket street. '
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O, /?, & TV. CO.
"Columbia" sails Aug. 1. 11. 21. 31. "Georg*
W. Elder" sails July 27. Aug. «. .«. 28. Only
stearcsbip line to PORTLAND. OR., and short
nil line from Portland to all points Eut.
Through tickets to all points. alL<raU or attain*
ihip and rail, at LOWEST RATES. Steamar
tickets Include berth and meals. Steamer satis
foot of Spear st. at n ». m. n. F. BOOTH.
Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept. 1 Montgomery St.: C,
CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt. Fit. l-spt.. 3 Montgom-
ery st. .
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Emnr.an streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hor-gking with steamers for India, etc. No.
carzo received on board en day of sailing.
S. S. NIPPON MARU. .. .Friday. July 31 1903
S. S. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday. August 28. 1903
8. S. HONGKONG MARU (calling at Ma-
nila) Saturday. September 19. 1003
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rate?. For freight and passage, appljt at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
. W. H. A VERY. General Agent.
oeeanie8.s.cb.sag
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land aDd Sydney. Thursday. Aug. H. 3 p. m.
S S MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Aug. 15. 11 a. m
S* S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Aug. 13. 11 a.ta
ii.s?ttctfis& asQs.co.. «,&.. i&giefsu, j« lartna
FrdBlH.ISo.32S larfetSL.Pbrh. T.fa&iL
C0XPA8XIZ CETC&ALS T&AKSATiaKTIQSl
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS. j.«*_ ,
sailing every Thursday, initead of ••I5(x!si»
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. «SSMB9
North River, foot of Morton street.
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. - Sec-
ond-class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA/ 32 Broadway (Hudson Building),
New York. J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Paelfle Coast
\cents 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agent*.
Max* Island and Vallejo Steamer*.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 ». m., 3:15 and S:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. ro.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves Vallejo,
7 a. in.. 12:30 noon, 6 p. m.. ex." Sunday. Lun-
day, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. ra. Fare, 50 cents. .1«L
Main 1509. Pier 2. M!ss!on-st. dock. HATCH
BROS. \
Bryson's Famous "Lady in (Jreen" Free With Next Sunday's Call
AMUSEMENTS.
LAST 6 NIGHTS.
Matinees Wednesday and Saturday.
• Amelia Bingham
And Her Company.
To-Night, Thursday and Friday Nights and
Wednesday Matinee. Clyde Fitch's
"The Climbers"
Tuesday, Wednesday and Saturday Nights and
Saturday Matinea. Clyde Fitch's
"The Frisky _Mrs. Johnson"
NEXT MONDAY ! aIS^" You
EZRA KENDALL
As Joe Miller, In the Great Comedy Hit.
"THE VINEGAR BUYER."
/VkbiFORNT/T
1 > J TO-NIGHT l&A
\J NSIZ.Z,-MO£OSCO CO. fl»
Prosentine Gciievleve Halnc'k m ¦
__ Brilliant Society Drama,
• tv Six NlKhts Only. ' ktf
HO Pric«^-75c. 50e. 25c.\ Kr>
**** Bargain Matinee Thursday— * JKJ
9 K fine and 25c. 4 K
*jO souvenir matinee sat- •£**
1 URDAV. •
Next Sunday Night. JANICE
r-T5*G MEREDITH. 0OB
I I The Greatest of All. fL,
GRANP^^
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
6ECOND WEEK— EVERY. NIGHT.
RAYMOND AND CAVERLY
And Our Superb New York Company In
Tho New Whimsical Musical Eccentricity,
|IN WALL STREET
The Same Production as Used by the Rogers
Brothers at the Victoria Theater.
New York.
NEW SONGS. SPECIALTIES. ETC.
Next— "IN HARVARD."
PRICES— 25c. 50c. 73c
ALCAZAR TKST
___ Gen. Mgr.
TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK ONLY.
' LAST WEEK BUT TWO OF
WHITE WHITTLESEY.
In the First San FrancUco Production of Hall
Calne's Master Work,
THE MANXMAN
As Played Only In England by Wilson Barrett
, and In America by James O'Neill.
Evgs.,25c to 75c; Mats.Thurs.& Sat., 15c to 60c.
Next— A MARRIAGE OF CONVENIENCE.
(ETWatch for the Greatest of Rural Plays,
THE DAIRY FARM.
Come, take In at Fischer's the hit of the year,
"Under the Red Globe" and each "Musketeer"
(Just Bernard and DiU and Kolb you will eee.
But. Dumas iie'er pictured so Jolly a three).
To watch them is better than bushels of pills.
They'll banish your troubles, your cares and
your bill*.
With that
Tremendously ':¦•'¦[
funny
Combination
"UNDER THE RED GLOBE"
"THE THREE MUSKEETERS.'*
Hear Blake and Amber's Duet,' "Love's Ra-
verle," and Harry Hermsen's "Oh Fudge."
THE THREE KUHNS.
HlSh -Class Specialties Every Afternoon
end Evening in the Theater.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
VISIT THE—
POUND AND ONE-HALF BABY AND HI3
COMPANIONS
IN 'THE INFANT INCUBATORS.
THREE BABY TIGERS IN THE ZOO.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION. 10c^ CHILDREN, 5c.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
I^PAIIM AN*Q : SEVENTH AN>
UIC/\UIT1/\11 O. M4RK6T STS.
Every Afternoon and Evening.
POLITE VAUDEVILLE. J^
THE LAUSING ' TRIO; : VAN FOSSEN \nd
McCAULEY: MOUNTS and DELMAR; LES-
TER and CURTIN: HATHAWAY and WAL-
TON: HANK WHITCOMB: LITTLE BLOS-
SOM: CLINTON MONTGOMERY and THE
BIOSCOPE. Prices— Night. 25c. 20c. 15c and
10c; Matinees, 20c and 10c. Phone for seals.
South 1022.Vanderbilt's Horse Runs Second.
Norway Wants Treaty Modified:
HAVANA, July 26^-The "Noiweglan
Government has notified Cuba that unless
certain -features in : thetreclprocjty treaty
between the United States and Cuba are
modified Norway." will i apply, maximum
duties to Cuban products.
NEWPORT, R. I., July 26.— To-morrow
will bejrln a week of hard .racing for
three America's cup yachts. According
to. the present arrangement .the yachts
will sail five races, three of which are
the official trial, races for the selection
of one of the nlnty-footers to meet? the
Shamrock. Ill In the International regat
ta for the America's cup off Sandy, Hook
next month" and the "other 'two- events
come in the Newport series. It is under
stood that tho . nlnty-footers will com
pete in the Newport ; series of the New
York .Yacht Club. These races will be
sailed on July 2S and 30 and are open -to
all classes of yachts enrolled in the club
Three American Boats Have a Hard
Week Before Them.
WORK FOR CUP YACHTS.
HONORS EVEN AT SPOKANE.
Home Team. Takes One Game, the
Other Going to Butte. «
SPOKANE. Wash.. July 26.— In the morn
ing game Spokane could not hit Bandolin when
hits meant runs. Butte found Dammann for
two home runs and a thre*»-bairger. The after
noon game was loosely played. Score:
First game — R. H. E.
Spokane 0 11000011—4 M I
Butte 010211001-9 7 2
Batteries — Dammann and Zalusky; Bandolin
and Swindells.
Second game — R. H. E.
Spokane 10 12 3 0 2 0 3—12 10 4
Butte 03OO004 0 1 — 8 10 2
Batteries — Slagle and Hanson; Dowling and
Swindells.
SALT LAKE. Utah. July 26. — In the most
Interesting game played here this (season the
Saints defeated San Francisco and broke even
on the series. Stopher was In great. form and
for five innings the visitors went out In one
two-three order. Attendance. 2000. Score:
• R. H. E.
Salt Lake 120000110—5 13 1
San Francisco. .0 0000400 0 — 4 10 4
Batteries — Stopher and Anderson; Borchers
«in«l Zearfoss. Umpire — Coglan.
GREAT FALLS. Mont.. July 20.— Los An-
Kdes. through the masterly pitching of Hilde
brand. shut Helena out to-day. .Score:
R. H. E.
Los Angeles ..0 10000030—4 7 0
Helena OOOOOOOOO- 0 4 1
Batteries— A. Hildebrand and O. H. Hilde
brand; Puttmann and Carrisch.
SEATTLE. Wa*h.. July 26. — Dennis McCar
thy lasted for four and a half Innings to-day
during which Tacoma made nine hits and five
run*. Hlckey then went In and held them
down to two hit?. Score:
R. H. E.
Seattle 2 00000000—2 4 2
Tacoma 103020000 — 6 11 4
Batteries — McCarthy. Hlckey and Stanley;
Blewett and Byers. Umpire — MahafTey.
Oldag, 341; fourth class. F. G. Thode,
330; best first shot, H. Huber, 23; best last
shot. J. Lankenau. 23. ;'; ,.-.- '...-¦
Red Men's Shooting Company, monthly
medal contest: Champion class, H. Rulffs,
367; first and second, class medals not
won; third class, D. Tamke, 312; fourth
class, C. G. Strippel. 334; first best shot.
Captain Grleb, 21; last best shot, Captain
C. Oldag, 22.
Monthly bullseye shoot— First prize.
Captain L. Siebe medal, P. H. Rolffs, 599;
second. C. Oldag. 646; third. Hanry
Schutz. 7G3; fourth, D. Tamke, 1771; fifth,
William Dressier, 1808.
Swiss Rifle Club of Oakland, quarterly
prize shooting— C. V. Camozzi 18/" L. Gll
lardi 17. Charles Luradi 17, U. Martlgnoni
17. F. Risi 15/ E. Rlsi 14. v •<
Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle Club, team
shoot— Captain W. Guild 201, P. Paulsen
197. G. Gluck 189, C. Paulsen 179; total,
766. Captain A. Paulson 1&0, E. Wixson
198. F. Frates ISO, R. S.Wixson 194; total,
752.
Even coursing was the day's feature at
Ingleside Park yesterday. Straight down
the card the favorites gained the flag with
but few exceptions.
In the open stake Flora Belle won first
honors, beating Conroy In a deciding
course in which she refused the Rocklln
dog a point.
From the start Flora made the, going
easy for herself and when the last flag
of the stake was raised there was but
one point scored against her during the
day's trials.
Conroy, the runner up, was not so for
tunate, having to extend himself in every
course. [
Prometheus, the carriage dog, so called
because of his peculiar markings, looked
to have a chance to go through the stake,
but fell a victim to hard coursing and had
to be withdrawn.
In the third round he had a trial with
Loretta. The dogs were slipped to a hare
that gave them a merry outing over the
entire field.
Relief dogs were turned loose, but the
pair In possession took another hold and
virtually ended the course without assist
ance. '
The upset of 'the day was the defeat of
Pasha Pleasant by Medley at 4 to 1.
In the consolation final Renegade
Apache beat Prairie Maid 18-0.
Following are the day's results with
Judge Thomas Tlerney's official scores:
Open stake, second round — Golden Rule beat
Mollie Me, 6-0; Toronto beat Meddlesome, 5-2;
Loretta beat Black Flush, 7-3; Prometheus beat
Rock and Rye. 3-2J J. C. Heenan beat Mc-
Henry. lf>-7; Bonnie Hughle beat Doc Burns,
4-1; Medley beat Master Clair. 8-0; Pasha
Pleasant beat Royal Friend. 5-3; Una beat
Equator. 10-2; Remisso Anlmo beat Laughing
Water, 6-1; Haddlngton beat aiay Hempstead,
5-3; Miss Brummel beat Oulda, 0-0; Lulu Girl
beat Silver Cloud. 14-7; Real Pasha beat Fern
brook, 8-2; Yukon beat Erebus, 8-0; Flora
Belle beat Little Lucy, 5-1 j Slrkiyou beat To
basco Bob. 7-5; Conroy beat Viking. 7-5; Puie
Pearl beat Young Buck, 5-4; Young Fearless
beat Yellowtall, 0-5.
Third round — Toronto beat Golden Rule, 3-0;
Prometheus beat Loretta, 17-11; Bonnio
Hughie, a bye; Medley beat Pasha Pleasant,
7-5; Una beat Remisso Anlmo, 10-1; Miss
Brummel beat Haddtngton. 8-5; Real Pasha,
a bye; Flora Belle beat Yukon, 4-0; Conroy
beat Siskiyou, 11-4; Young Fearless beat Pure
Pearl, 5-1.
¦ Fourth round — Toronto, a bye: Medley beat
Bonnie Hughie, 8-5; Una beat Miss Brummel
8-3; Flora Belle beat Real Pasha, 5-0; Conroy
beat Young Fearless, 5-4.
Fifth round— Medley beat Toronto. 14-7; Una
beat Flora Belle, 4-2; Conroy. a bye.
Sixth, round — Conroy beat Medley, , 12-0;
Flora Belle, a bye.
Deciding course — Flora Belle beat Conroy
6-0. , .
Consolation stake, second round — Renegade
Apache beat Lady Granard, 5-1; Lady Meirose
beat Racing - Glancer. 1H-0:- Creswlck beat
Snapper Garrison. 3-Oj- Lily . Wright -beat Ri
enzl, 5-3; Lord GofT beat Maura, 5-3; Whltt
Hat beat Bella Lloyd. 10-0; Star Sylvanus beat
Idle Fellow, 16-4; Prairie Maid beat Patricia.
7-4; Terah beat Wattles. 10-4; Flower of
Gold beat Old Ironsides, 14-9.
Third ¦ round — Renegade Apache beat Lady
Menlo. C-3; } Creswlck beat Lily Wright. 5-O:
Lord GonT beat White Hat. -4-2: Prairie Maid
beat Star Sylvanus, 4-0; Terah beat Flower
of Gold. 10-4. - . :
Fourth round — Renegade Apache beat Crea
wick. 9-0; Lord Goft beat Prairie Maid, 8-4;
Terah. a bye. •
'".Fifth round — Renegade Apache beat Terah,
14-2; Prairie Maid, a bye. : .
¦ Deciding course — Renegade Apache beat
Prairie Maid, . 18-0. -
Full Moon, the blue son of Moondyne
.II, won the open stake for greyhounds
yesterday at Union Coursing Park. He
had a severe trial in the second round
with McVey, but it did not seem to dull
his speed.
The bettors made Fair Tralee a 3 to
5 favorite over him in the fourth round.
They overlooked him again in the semi
finals In his course with Lord Brazen,
making the latter a 2 to 5 choice. In the
deciding course Full Moon beat False
Alarm cleverly by a score of 8 to 5. This
time he was a strong favorite.
Palo Alto was beaten by Lord Brazen
in the fourth round by a score of 6 to 0.
The big dog did not try to exert himself
and fell easy prey to the Lacy Crawford
crnck.
Several Futurity candidates were out
and made a good showing. M. C. Dela
no's McVey by Fetter Free-Dawn showed
a lot of class. He was finally retired by
the ultimate winner. Fair Tralee, T. J.
Cronln's Futurity prospect, was also re
tired to his kennel by the same grey
hound after he had led to the hare. The
day's results in detail, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
First round — Our Motto beat Fair Oaks, 6-5;
Barge beat Melrose. ti-2; Lord Brazen a bye.
Pomona withdrawn; Cluster beat Clobefell.
«-5: Rocklln Boy beat Oregon. 22-2; Gamb.t
beat Dear Gaston, 8-4; Ueal Article beat Ru
ral Artist 7-5: Palo Alto beat Krishna. lO-'i;
Eagle beat Reta S, 0-1; Haphazard beat Don
P«dro, 5-1; Full Moon beat Thelma. 12-:t; Mc-
Vry beat Trotting Bob 5-0; Ragged Actor beat
Flount 7-5; Firm Fellow beat Irish Lad. 16-4;
Fair Tralee a bye October Lad withdrawn;
Rector a bye. Niobe withdrawn; Fontenoy beat
Concord Boy 15-7; Honest John beat • Red
Rock 5-0; Liberator a bye. Vina withdrawn;
Otto 'beat Cremo. 8-0; Tralee Boy beat Jack
Short 6-1; False Alarm beat Runaway Girl,
10-1;" Golden Light beat Mickey Free, 8-1;
Manhattan King boat Harvey M. 5-4; Ruby
Sankey beat Reckless Acrobat. 6-2; Frisky
Barbara beat Flying Pasha, 12-4; Eastlakc beat
Draw's Hill 10-2; Cascade beat Pacing Billy,
10-4; Tlllie R beat White Mystery. 8-O; Clarice
beat Balendlne 14-8; Reno beat El Rayo. 15-3;
Rubber Ankles" beat Fenil. U-5.
Second round — Barge beat Our Motto, 10-5;
Lord Brazen beat Cluster. 14-7; Gambit beat
Rocklin Boy, 0-0; Palo Alto beat Real Article.
0-2; Haphazard beat Eagle. 0-5; Full Moon
beat McVey. 17-7; Firm Fellow beat Ragged
Actor. 8-5; Fair Tralee beat Rector, 2-1; Fon
tenoy' beat Honest John. 6-1; Liberator beat
Otto. 8-6; False Alarm beat Tralee Boy. 3-0;'
Manhattan King beat Golden Light. 0-0;
Frisky Barbara beat Ruby Sankey, «-.'t; Cas
cade beat Eastlake, 4-3; TIIHe R beat Clarice.
5-0; Reno bet Rubber Ankles.. 3-1.
Third round — Lord "Brazen beat Barge. 5-0;
Palo Alto beat Gambit. 12-5; Full Moon beat
Haphazard. 4-1; Fair Tralee beat Firm Fel
low. 5-3; Fontenoy beat Liberator. '•13-10; False
Alarm beat Manhattan King. 11-6; Cascade
beat Frisky Barbara, 7-1; Tlllie R beat Reno,
4-1
Fourth round — Lord Brazen beat Pala Alto,
6-0; Full Moon beat Fair Tralee. 3-1; Fonte
noy beat False Alarm. 5-1; Tillle R beat
Cascade. 7-2.
Fifth round— Full Moon beat Lord Brazen.
4-0; False Alarm beat Tillio R, 4-0.
Deciding course — Full Moon beat False
Alarm. 8-5.
and in racing trimi The official trial races
come July 27. 29 and August 1. .
The Reliance. Constitution, and^ Colum
bia are! all in readiness."; A new gaff to
take the place of the i one ¦ carried away
on the Reliance -yesterday .was brought
down from Bristol and slung in place. -
The yawl Iola, sailed by Robert Vin
cent, finished at 3:24:30 p.' m. in ah elapsed
and corrected time of lhour 54 minutes 30
seconds, she being the " scratch boat.
L»lght sails were carried by all the con
testing yachts ; and the ' ; run home was
against the ebb tide. The yawl Iola has
been in commission for only a month, but
has already shown considerable * improve
ment In her sailing.
Gypsie finished at 3:27:30 p. m. in an
elapsed time of ,1 hour 57 minutes 30 sec
onds, or,. deducting her time allowance of
11 minutes 20 seconds, in a corrected time
of 1 hour 46 minutes 10 seconds. Idler
finished at 3:39:04 p. m. in an elapsed time
of 2 hours 9 minutes 4 seconds, or, deduct
ing her time allowance of 21 minutes 50
seconds, in a corrected time of 1 hour
47 minutes 14 seconds.
The course was from the Oakland
bread gauge mole to and around Blossom
Rock, thence to and around Mission Rock
and thence to the starting line. It was
reckoned as ten nautical miles. The start
was effected at 1:30 p. m. on the last
part of the flood tide. The wind was a
light southwesterly breeze, which fresh
ened until it was a stiff wind.. Gypsie
crossed the starting line three seconds
ahead of the gun and had to go back and
cross It again, which she did at 1:31:35
p. m. Commodore George. M. = Shaw's
Idler, sailed by Harold Martin, crossed
the line at 1:30:15 p. m.. Pilgrim at 1:30:18
p. m. and Iola at 1:30:45 p. m.
Gypsie and Iola came up to the first
mark close together, the latter rounding
it first. Pilgrim finished at 3:43:45 p. m.
in an elapsed time of 2 hours 13 minutes
45 seconds, or, deducting her time allow
ance of ?3 minutes, in a corrected time of
1 hoi:r. 40 minutes 45 seconds. ¦
The yawl Pilgrim, sailed by Julian Al
tendorf, won the first cup, and 'the yawl
Gypsie, sailed by C. E. Clark, took the
second cup in the yawl race yesterday of
the California Yacht Club.
Four Boats of California "iacht Club
Sail Over Ten-Mile Course in
Stiff Breeze.
Messrs. Shafer, Gobel and Edell were
equipped with a knowledge of woodcraft
and with skill as anglers. The trout were
not rising to the fly during their recent
visit, but they soon found what bait
would tempt the shy fish from ,the deep
pools. For two weeks their dally catch
averaged more than eighty fish. These
ranged In weight from half a pound to
two pounds. After supplying their own
table the remainder was*"" distributed
among friends who were enjoying an out
ing in the valleyi
PILGRIM AND GYPSIE
'PROVE WINNING YAWLS
the traditions woven about the trout
fishing in the Yosemite Valley.
For years sportsmen have been making
an annual pilgrimage to the valley, equip
ped with the daintiest of Leonard rods,
fitted with automatic reels and enough
gear to almost require the services of an
engineer. They have spent days in the
valley, sometimes catching one fish, some
times two, but seldom more. They have
seen the Indians, who fish exclusively for
the hotels, pass quietly by with the most
primitive of tackle, but well laden. with
*trout.
IT remained for a trio of anglers,
Claude Shafer. Gus Gobel and Harry
Edell, the latter a well known sports
man of this city, to shatter one of
Flora Belle Beats Conroy
Pointless in the
Final.
M. C. Delano's Futurity Can
didate McVey Performs
Brilliantly.
Talent Experiences Few
' Setbacks in Open
Stake.
Captures the Stake at
Union Park From a
Strong Field.
The race was wltnesed by several thou
sand people, who declare that it was the
best race that has been held in the State.
It is understood that the Reno wheelmen
will challenge the winning team.
RENO. New, July 26.— The Reno wheel
men In a fifty-mile relay race tdday de
feated the Oakland wheelmen by just one
mile lacking a half wheel length, before
1500 people. The total time was 2 hours
and 16 seconds. After the first relay there
was no doubt as to the winner. Reno
claims the championship of the Pacific
Coast.
CARSON CITY, New, July 26.— The
fifty-mile relay race for the champion
ship of the Pacific Coast between the
Sacramento wheelmen and Carson City
wheelmen, run to-day in this city, result
ed in a victory for Sacramento, this team
winning the event in the last mile of the
race. The race from the start was ex
citing as Sacramento lead off and was
overtaken by the Carson riders. Nearly
a half mile gap was closed by David
over Franklyn. The final relay between
Venten and Wing was slow. Wing trail
ing his man to the final sprint for the
tape. In the final spurt Venten beat
Wing two wheel lengths, which gave Sac
ramento the race.
Exciting Riding in the Final Spurt
of the Fifty-Mile
Contest.
SACRAMENTO WHEELMEN
WIN THE CARSON RACE
ANGLER AND ONE DAY'S
CATCH OF TROUT IN YO
SEMITE VALLEY.
FAVORITES SCORE
AT INGLESIDE
COURSING HONORS
FOR FULL MOON
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club,
monthly competition: Rifle re-entry— C.
M. Henderson. 226, 220. 212. 209. 221. 213;
Al Gehret. 224. 220; D. B. Faktor, 217, 221;
M. Kolander. 208; 'club trophy-^-A. Gehret,
218; C. M. Henderson. 212; O. A. Bremer.
212; William F. Blasse, 207; F. E. Mason.
23; gold medal-MD. A. Bremer, 220, 212;
William Ehrenpfort, 1SS. 179; silver medal
— G. Armstrong. 208. 199. 196, 182; bars— M.
KoJander. 217. 205, 200: pistol club trophy—
G. Armstrong, 91; W. F. Blasse, 89; G.
Frahm, 65; M. Kolander, 71; B. Jonas. 67.
Re-entry match— George Frahm, 95, 91, 91.
89, 87. 85, 87; G. Armstrong. 82, 91. 85. R4,
W). 86. 86. 62; William F. Blasse. 83, 88, 86.
S5. Revolver club trophy— J. E. Gorman,
89; William Proll. 73; L. C. Hinkel. 86.
Re-«ntry match— J. E. Gorman. 95, 95; "W.
C. Pritchard. 8S; J. R. Trego. 85, 85. 85;
William Proll. S2. 81. Rapid fire match—
J. R. Trego. 43. 43. 43. 41.
San Francisco Schuetzen Vert-in, month
ly bullscye shoot— Louis Bendel 230 points,
John C. Waller 245. David Salfleld 413.
Herman Huber 446, A. Schaefer 467. F.
Heneel 493. D. Hunteman 500. Aug Jung
blut 565, John Gefken C21, H. Bprnholdt
639. D. B. Faktor C86, Charles Oldag 745,
F..Koch 752. Fred Brandt 865. Henry
Stflling 876. Henry Huppert 917. R. Stet
tin 918, Aug Goe tze 1043, John de Wit 1070,
A. Meyer 1094.
Monthly medal shoot of the Nord
d*"ut*chcr Schuetzen Club— First champion
claee. F. P. Schuster. 437 rings; second
champion class. Herman Huber, 408;' first
class, George A. Bahrs, SO; second claps,
J. Laxxkenau, SSS; third class, Charles
Monthly bullEeye shoot: Louis Bendel,
222 points: Max Kolander, 312: H. P. Nel
son, 331; Al Gehret, 382: William Garms,
3T2; D. B. Kaktor. 429; H. Bornholdt. 513:
C M. Henderson, 521; F. P. Schuster, 540;
F. E. Mason, €01; William Blasse. 651;
Fred Brandt. CGO.
Germania Schuetzen Club regular com
petition shoot: Frank E. Mason, 220; A.
Gehret. 21S; Otto Bremer, 216; H. Huber,
214; F. P. Schuster. 214; David Salfleld.
213; Louis Bendel. 207.
Company H, First Infantry Regiment,
hold its monthly medal competition. On
account of absence at camp It was nec
essary for the guardsmen to shoot three
prores in order that they catch up in riflo
v ork. The distance was 200 yards at the
regulation military target. The scores fol
low: Lieutenant J. L. Swift. 35. 37, 33,
Sergeant A. Robroeht. 20. 34, 3S; Sergeant
Eugene Peckham. 19; Corporal Paul So
bejr. C6. 34. 27; John Gcttle. 37. 37. 31; Roy
Holliday. ."W. 33. C7; J. McKeever. 29, 29,
S3; H. Cohen. 2.",, 13. 14: D. Alvarado. 25,
.TO, S2; T. Browne. 20, 31; F. Boitano. 24.
3. 11; Harold Hughes, 1H, 8, IS.
Company C, First Regiment, N. G. C,
monthly medal shoots for June and July:
Captain F. K. Moore, 48; Lieutenant W.
Corcoran. 43: Sergeant C. Maasberg. S5;
Corporal F. Llr.gge. 29; Corporal F. Stol
zenwald. 42; G. H. Seyden, 47: W. Rem
ley. 33; C. Doehman. 43; G. Brown, 14;
C. Reynolds. 2*; F. B. Papa. 21; L. S.
Connef-s. SJ; C. J. Carroll, 34; Charles
Battye, 20.
Company G. First Infantry, N. G. C,
annual State shoot, at 200. 300 and 500
yards: Captain W. L. Wall, 23. 19. 17;
Litutenant F. Ncwbert. 22. 20, 17; Lieu
tenant L. Grz'Ham, 17. 13, 16: Sergeant C.
Noyes. 23, 17. Z2; Sergeant E. Stroth. 21.
20. 21: Serg. ant F. Owe*ns, 22. 14, 17; Ser
geant W. Talbot. 20. 16. 19; Sergeant A.
Ames. 21. 15. 16; Corporal Steadman. 16,
15. 12; Sergeant H. D. Tuggy, 19. 17. IS;
Corporal J. Duffy, 22. 12. 12; Corporal J.
ls-aacs. ID, S. 12: L. Ayhens, 15. 16, 17; H. L.
Barrows. 20. 12, 11; J. A. Bright. 20. 16. IS;
J. A. Casbcrry. 14. 10, 12: J. Daley, 14, 12.
It; J. Dolan. 21. 20. 20; E. Dolan. IS. 16. 17;
W. Driscoll. 12. 8. 4; G. Harrif, 17. 2. 4;
J. R. Harvey. 20, IS. IS; B. F. Jackman,
2". 16. 20; W. Klippel, 16. 3. 6; B. W. Lundy,
15. H. 8; J. H. McGowen. 15. 12.
iO; J. V. McSweegan. 24, 19, 18;
J. A. Morris, 15. 16. S; F. G.
ONcil. 22. 7. 7: J. J. Schath. 15. 9. 5: W. A.
Spilman. 23. IS, IS; W. L. Spilman. IS. 16.
14; F. Whelan. 20, 15. 13; W. M. Corbett.
17. 16. 11; J. R. Wren, 12, S, 10; S. B. Mills,
12. fe. 4; M. J. Lyons, 19. is, 19; Corporal
Johnson. 1H. 17, 18.
Company C. First Regiment, N. G. C,
annual State fhoot at 200. 300 and 500
yards: Captain F. K. Moore. 24. 20, 20;
Lieutenant William Corcoran. 23. 22. 20;
Sergeant C. Maasberg, 20. 22, IS; Corporal
J. Mackin. 22. 20, 15; Corporal F. Lingge.
22. 21. 17; Corporal F. Stolzenwald. 23. IS.
20; William Remley, IS, 17. 14; C. Doehr
mann. 17. 1&, 23; G. H. Seyden. 24, 21. 21;
L. Conness. 23. IS. 19; G. F. Brown. 19. 18,
IS; F. Papa. 17. 16. 16: C. Reynolds, 16, 16,
— ; Charles Battye. IS. — . — .
Company A. First Regiment. N. G. C.
annual State shoot, second event at 205,
»*) and 500 yard?— Captain George T. Bal
linger. 23. 22, 16; Lieutenant Frederick
Hertrand 20. 20, 21; Lieutenant Jasper H.
G. Stahl.' IS. IS. 16: Sergeant Frank Mc-
Carthy. 20. 14. 1C; Sergeant John Murphy,
IS. 18, 19; Sergeant James Reilly. 21. 19,
1«: S«»r£eant John J. Brady, 19, 16. 19;
Sergeant E. J. Dougherty. 19. 19. 17; Cor
poral Joseph OHara. IS. IS. 16; Corporal
Michael J. Duffy, 19. 16. 18; Corporal Wil
liam R. Herbst. .1*. 14, 21; Corporal A. R.
Dunnigan. 15. 1*. 22: Cecil C. Carcass. 23,
23. 23: Alfred Ciawford. 4. 21. 14: Robert
L. Ennis, 17. 15, 1: Charles McKeon. 14.
21. 17; J. Oppenphaw. 11. 9. 13: J. Milsner.
17. 12. ?; John E. Page, IS. 16. 7: Charles
¦\Y. Ridgway, 14, 17. 11; M. Rearden. 14,
V2. 1^; F. C. Johnson. IS. ID. 1?; John
OKanc 10. 4. 13; C. R. Smyth, 13. 20. 15;
Osma Week. IS. 21 21; William A Taylor,
7. 12. 0; Soligma Katz. 14. 3. 10; Corporal
J. Murdock. 16. 12. U; John J. Hubbert.
k 14. •; Musician William Williams, 15.
IS. 37; Thomas H. Lind. 14. 16. 18.
target.
F. P. Schuester of the Norddeutscher
Oub was high man of that organization
w ith a total of 437 rings. In" the re-entry
jrlatol match of the Golden Gate Club
George Krahm made S3 rings with the pis
tol. J. K. Gorman twice scored 95 with a
revolver. In the same club at rifle com
petition C. M. Henderson. Al Gehret. D.
B. Fafctor, O. A. Bremer and F. E.
Mason all made creditable scores. The
rosults follow:
There was a large representation of
marksmen at Sh<vl Mound Park rifle
range yesterday. The strong breexe that
prevailed kept the scores down. Com
ranles C. G and A. First Infantry Regi
ment, National Guard of California, held
their semi-annual State shoot for deco
rations. Crrnrany H of the same regi
ment shot three scores on this monthly
meial competition. The Swiss Rifle Club
at Oakland held a quarterly competitive
match, while the Gerraania. Golden Gate,
Sar. Franci5co Schuetren, Redmen and
Nordrteutscher clubs engaged in medal
and bul!seye contests.
George F. Sfydcn of Company C did
the best shooting of the guardsmen, mak
ing U. 21 and 21 out cf a possible 25 at
300 3*) ar.d SOO yards. He also made the
good score of 47 out of 50 on the com
pany target. Captain P. K. Moore of the
s^aine company scored 43 on the company
"L have formed this opinion," said
Ryan, "upon what Jeffries told me after
his previous fight with Corbett and also
upon the comparatively poor showing he
has made in his recent fights. Like many
others he is undoubtedly surprised at
Corbett's present condition."
The big assembly hall at Croll's Gar
dens was crowded to suffocation yester
day with people curious to see Corbett
In action. He boxed three rounds with
Kenny and then retired. The heat and
closeness of the hall made it an undesir
able place for a boxer to perform, so Jim
wisely cut out the remainder of his work
with Sam, Berger, who breathed a sigh of
relief when he found he would not have
to play the part of an animated punching
bag for the edification of the spectators.
"When Jeffries and Fitzsimmons fought
here my brother Harry was authorized to
enter the ring and issue a challenge on
my behalf. Jeffries asked him as j# favor
not to do so, promising to sign articles
for a fight with me within three months.
He left the State without doing so and I
had to shame him into signing articles
for our forthcoming fight."
Tommy Ryan freely expressed the opin
ion yesterday that Jeffries would like to
avoid meeting Corbett.
"The fight is set for August 14, and
my training has been outlined to place me
In the ring on that night at my best. I
expect to be there, and if Jeffries does
not appear I will claim his $2500 forfeit
money. After that 1 will ignore h!m and
will entertain no proposition from him.
If Jeffries has been careless in his train
ing or in handling pet bears that is no
fault of mine and I should not suffer be
cause of It.
The intimation which has floated down
from Lake County to the effect that Jef
fries was not satisfied with his health or
his condition and might ask for a post
ponement of the light set hundreds of
tongues wagging yesterday at Alameda.
"I think Jeffries has heard of the excel
lent condition into which I am round
ing." said Corbett yesterday, "and is get
ting scared. He sidestepped me for a
couple of years and now seems to have
an aggravated case of cold feet.
Jim Corbett and his followers answer
both these questions In the affirmative.
Have the favorable reports which have
gone out from the latter's quarters In
Alatceda given th« burly man from Los
Angeles a haunting- fear that the cham
pionship crown is to pass from him?
Is Champion James J. Jeffries afraid of
James J. Corbett?
J. E. Gorman Makes Two
Strings of 95 Each With
a Revolver.
Accuses the Holder of the
Title With Being Faint
hearted.
George F. Seyden of
Company C Shows
Marked SkilL
They Catch Hundreds of Trout Where It Was Supposed
That Only the Indian, With His Primitive Tackle
and Knowledge of Their Habits, Could Succeed
IntimatioD Champion
Desires Delay Stirs
Jim's Ire.
CLOSE SHOOTING
BY A GUARDSMAN
CORBETT CLAIMS
JEFF IS SCAREO
TRADITION OF YOSEMITE VALLEY
IS SHATTERED BY TRIO OF ANGLERS
SPORTS OF THE RACE TRACK, THE PRIZE RING AND COURSING SWARD
SHARE HONORS
FOR THE DAY
HORSEMEN TURN
TOWARD THE SPA
Uncle's Followers Take
First Game, but De
feat Follows.
Cream of the Big Stables
Is Already at Sara
toga.
Angels Outplay Them Before
Big Attendance at Recrea
tion Park.
Turf Stars of East and West
to Meet in Spirited
Rivalry.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
?
(Pacific Coast League.)
W. L. Pet. I W. L. Pet.
Los Angelcs.W 3.S .bol 'Portland ...41 55.427
Ian Kran'co.62 47 .5W ;eattle 4,» 58 .4aj
Sacramento.. 57 4S .54.i uakland ....4tt €3 .40*
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(Pacific National League.)
W. L. Pet- 1 >v. L. Fct.
Los Angeles.56 XI .<fc»l£an Franco.46 44 .5U
Butte 04 34 .615|Vacoma «J7 51 .420
ipokane ....B2 SO .Rltt'salL-Lake. . . 8 12 .400
g.attle 4« 41 .52U!Helena 30 M ..»»
The Angels indulged in both defeat and
victory on the baseball field yesterday.
just enough to increase their lead in the
race and give them the series by four
games out cf six. In the morning at Oak
land they never had a chance, while the
San Francisco men amassed tallies and
v/ere there with plenty to waste. Score
9 to 1. The afternoon game was different,
and the Angels were never headed. Score
i to 1.
The home team could do little of any
thing in the latter struggle, while in the
first game they performed like cham
pions. The big Sunday crowd was disap
pointed, for the game was not what It
might have been in either tho hitting or
fielding departments.
Hall and his curves were In evidence all
the time. Iberg was easy, and in the fifth
he retired in favor of HoOson. The latter
fared better, allowing but a pair of hits.
It was not due so much to the visitors'
stick work, but to errors at ( critical
stages, that caused the four runs.
Little Jacobs had a bad day behind the
bat. The lad seemed unable to throw at
all, and three of his pegs at the bases
were wild and allowed runners to ad
vance. Lynch's error was also costly, as
well as one by Delmas and Iberg.
The Angels fielded well at every stage
of the game. Toman committed the only
miscue by throwing wide to first. The re
mainder of the team performed well, and
every ball that was hit waa fielded clean
ly and with that snap and vim which
have marked the work of the Angel team
during the series.
In the first round of the game the An
gels registered- Hoy was passed, and an
out advanced him a station. Then a Tex
as leaguer which Smith dropped to short
center field put Hoy over.
In the fourth Gravath singled. Ross sac
rificed. Toman and Spies hit and during
the mix-up Lynch threw the ball away
and two runs happened.
Smith got the last one during the fifth.
An error by Delmas allowed him to go as
far as third without a stop. Then Dillon
bunted a slow one along the first base
line, keeping out of Iberg's way long
enough to permit Smith to finish his jour
ney.
It was Kelly who gave the locals their
lone tally. This happened in round five,
when Lynch beat out a short one to tho
infield and was fleet enough to steal the
second bag. Then the King produced one
of his now famous pop fly hits to right,
and Lynch arrived with the tally which
kept disgrace at a distance. The score:
San Francisco — Los Angeles —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Shay.s.. 4 0 a 7 2 Hoy.cf. 4 10 3 0
Meany.rf 3 0 T 0 0,Whelr.2b 5 0 0 3 2
Irwln,3b 4 0 0 0 .1 Smlth.Sb 4 113 3
Krug.cf. 4 0 O 4 lDlllon.lb 3 O 1 13 O
Lynch. If 4 1 2 f> 0 Cravh.rf 4 1 2 O O
Delms.2b 3 0 0 1 ri'Ross.lf. 3 O 1 2 O
Kelly.lb J I) 114 OjToman.s. 3 1 1 1 :i
Iberg.p. 2 0 0 0 1 iSpies.c. 4 0 2 2 3
Jacobs. C 3 0 I 1 1 Hall. p.. 4 0 10 2
Hodson.p 10001
Totals 34 4 0 27 U
Totals 30 1 5 27 15
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Los Angeles 1 002 1000 0 — f
Ba?>e hits 2 2 0 3 0 0 1 1 0— »
San Francisco ...0OOO10OO 0 — I
Base hits 0 0 0 0 2 0 1 1 1—3
SUMMAUT.
Stolen bases — Cravath, Lynch. Spies. Er»
rors — Delmaa Toman, Lynch, Jacobs (3),
Kelly. Two-base hit — Hall. Sacrifice hits-
Ross. Dillon. First base on errors — San Fran
cisco' 1 Loa Angelea 2. First base on called
balls— Off Iberg 1. off Hall 1. Left on bases-^
San Francisco 3. Los Angelen 7. Struck out—
By Iberg 1. by Hall 2. Double plays — Delma3
to Shay to Kelly; Krug to Kelly: Toman tr,
Dillon. Base hits — Off Iberg 7, off IIod«on 2.
Time of game — 1:45. Umpire — O'Connell.
Lindsey Pitches WelL
Harry Lindsey and his southern wing
kept many an Angel away from the rub
ber in the morning game at Oakland.
Only one run was made off the small lad
with the excessive curves, while Gray waa
given a beating by the home stickers. The.
Angels also fielded in ragged form and
were never In the game at all. Irwin'3
home-run hit. which bounced over the left
field fence, scored three runs. The score:
San Francisco — i Los Angeles —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H.P.A.
Shay.ss. 2 10 0 4' Hoy. cf.. 4 0 0 2 0
Meany.rf 4 12 5 0, Wheel.2b 3 1 1 1 3
Irwln.3b 4 3 2 t 4Smlth.3b .1 0 O 1 a
Krug. cf ft 0 2 1 0. Dtllon.lb 4 O 1 IS O
Lynch,lf 4 12 1 0'CraVh.rf 4 0 0 0 O
r*elm. 2b 3 1 r- 2 3' Ross. If.. 4 O 0 1 O
Kelly, lb 4 O 1 12 liTnmnn.ss 4 O 1 2 5
Lind!<y,p 4 111 1 Hurlbt. c 3 O 1 4 3
Jacobs, c4 1 1 4 0 Gray, p.. 2 0 0 0.4
Totals.34 9 12 27 13! Totals.31 1 4 24 IS
RUN'S AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles .....0 00O0I 000—1
Base htt3 0 0 1 0 1 2 O O 0— 4
San Franctsco . . .0 O 5 O O O 1 3 x— !>
Base hits 0 1 4 1 1014 x— 12
SUMMARY
Home run— Irwln. Stolen bases— Irwln 2.
Errors-^-Dtllon 2, Wheeler. Toman. Two-bme
hits— Meany. Toman. Sacrifice hits— Del mas.
Gray. Meany. Lynch, Shay. First base on er
rors — San Francisco 3. Los Angeles 1. First
base on called balls— Off Llndsey 1. off Gray 2.
Left on bases— San Francisco ». Los Arigele*
7. Struck out— By Lindsey 4. hy Gray i Hit
by pitcher — Shay. Hurlburt. Wheeler. Double
plays— Irwln to Kelly: Wheeler to Toman to
Dillon. Passed ball— Jacobs. Time of game —
One hour 30 minutes. Umpire — O Connell.
OAKLAND TEAM LOSES.
SEATTLE, Wash.. July 26- — Seattle took the
last game of the series from Oakland to-day
by the terrific hitting In the sixth and seventh
innings. Score: r - r
Seattle 2 0 0 0 0 2 2 0 x— « 11 .•:
Oakland 0 0 0 2 0 3 0 0 0—5 10 2
Batteries— Drohan and Boettlger; Mosklman,
Cooper and Lohman.
PORTLAND. Or.. July 28. — Portland won a
listless game from Sacramento to-day by a
batting rally In the Hfth. Both Butler and
Cutter pitched good ball. The " features wer«
the batting of Egan and Casey, and the all
around playing of Nadeau. Attendance, 50w>.
Score:
R. H. E.
Portland 00104100 x— fi ft 2
Sacramento ....000100005- 4 7 3
Batteries — Butler and Hess; Cutter and Gra
ham. Umpire— Levy.
Flrttt Rare— Sadie, Ilnrch. WlK
\\»:ii. lltish Smith.
Second Race Aylnier llruce. Sin
ter Lillian. Crime.
Third Race Ititntlcr. Ilenton;
Rhyme anil Reason.
Fonrth Race .Ml»» Mae Day, Mand
Gonne. Evea G.
Fifth Race — Orphenm, Plrateer,
Stand Pat.
Sixth Knee— -Axnre«, Oar Latfr.
Baronet.
DKI.MAK SELECTIONS.
(By the New York Telegraph.)
Special Dispatch to The Call
NEW YORK, July 26.— Every indication
points to a wonderfully successful race
meeting at Saratoga this year. The cream
of the Western stables is now on the
ground and by the time the races begin
at the Spa the very best horses In train
ing from both the East and the West will
be seen in spirited rivalry. Not even the
Suburban handicap was more interesting
than the $12,000 Saratoga handicap will
be. New estimates by the official handi
capper as to the present form of the
horses entered in that race will surround
that valuable prize with far more grounds
for discussion than usually Invests a mid
summer event.
The presence of McChesney and Sava
ble in the Saratoga event and the likeli
hood of both being starters for it, togeth
er with Waterboy, Hermis, Irish La'd.
Africander, Blues, Bonnibert, Golden
Maxim, Caughnawaga and Goldsmith or
Gunfire, will titly characterize this as the
most Important midsummer race of the
year and perhaps most interesting of the
whole season, by reason of the sectional
flavor now attaching to it.
Additional attractions for the opening
day will be the Flash stakes for two
year-olds and the Casballston cup, a
hunter's steeplechase, for which there
are thirty-seven entries. In the Flash
some new performers will be Introduced
to the public, notably some of John San
ford's, one of William C. Whitney's,
called Mercury, and one or more of J. E.
Madden's.
There no doubt will be the usual
amount of speculative interest In the
races to be run this week at Jamaica, but
It Is Idle to expect to see much In the
matter of class when nearly all the^great
stables are now at Saratoga awaiting the
opening of the season there. That there
are still plenty of horses of medium cali
ber in and about the metropolis is appar
ent from the number entered in the seven
races to be run to-morrow. The experi
ment-of a short summer meeting cutting
in before Saratoga will be watched with
interest.
JAMAICA ENTRIES.
NEW YORK, July 26. — Weather clear; track
fast. To-morrow's entries at the Jamaica,
First race six furlongs — Yellow Tall 134.
Rosetint 1C8. Young Henry 134, Northern Star
12N. Ca^tivator 108. G. Whittler 114. OrlofT 00.
King Pepper 132. Operator IIS. Wealth 104.
Dtmurrer 105, Squanto 07, St. Daniel *V-.
Stroller 100. Astarita 122. Daisy Green 106.
Second race, one mile and seventy yards,
three-year-olds, belling— Cloche dOr 04. Mes
sina 103. Lord Advocate 10H. Stroller 106, Star
and Garter 07. Reformer 0«. Petra II 108. Daisy
Green 104. Sir Florlan 104. Sat!re 1CS. Belle
of Troy 10«, Ernest Parham 10;:. Carroll D 101,
Hyland 105, Past 06. Bob Hllllard 00 Water
Tower 107. Barbara Freltchie 08, Justice 102,
Irish Jcwe'l 105.
Third race, six furlongs— Tim Payne 112,
Race King 122. Fentaur 112. Tom O Day lOi.
Redman 104. Bob Murphy 112. Ned Moore 107,
Hazelwood 112. Bombino 112.
Fourth race, the Glendale handtcap for all
ages $2500 added, one and an eighth miles —
Rothampton US. Andy Williams 110. Hunter
Ralne 109 Lord Badge 100. W. K. Condon 100.
Daisy Green 06, Tugai Bey 02. Athelroy 90.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs, two-year
olds, for maidens— High wln4 112. Gold Dome
112, Miss Shylock 109. M. Iheo 109. La Grecque
100 Fltz Rosa 100, Cap and Gown 100, Don
nelly 112, Diplomat 100. Ned Moore 112. Flam
mula 100. Billings 112, Gypsy Ben 100, Be
rosa 112.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles. thre«
year-old«' and up — Goldsby 108. Irascible Ort.
Flying Buttress 108, Athelroy 06, Yellow Tall
120 Roehampton 108. Ethics 108. Disadvantage
103! Merito 07, Colonsay 102. Sheriff Bell 108,
Oom Paul 105, The Rhymer 1C8, Tristesse 01.
Northern Star ION, Water Tower 1CS, Blue Vic
tor 00, Duke of Kendal 114.
Seventh race, five and a half furlongs, for
maiden two-year-olds — Blacksocks 100. Water
Spout 112. Fernrock 112, October Flower 109.
Tlthonlc 112, Pompano 112. Tom OJ* 1 * J 12 '
Great Crossing 100. Sunshine 112. Klngsboro
112. Golden Mallow 100, The Hbwery 112, Emer
gency 10n IAMAICA SEL ECTIONS.
(By the New York Telegraph.)
Flrnt Race— G. Whittler, Sqnanto,
Ronetlnt. I «''-!-
Second Race DaUjr Green, Satire,
Stroller.
Third Race— Pentaur, Race Klnc
Jim Payne.
Fonrth Race — Hunter Ralne,
Athelroy, Roehnmpton.
Fifth Race— Ned Moore, Donnelly,
"sixth Race— Roehampton, Yelloir
Tall, Merito.
Seventh Race Great Croaslnsr,
Pompano, October Flower.
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
CHICAGO. July 26.— Weather clear; track
fast. Entries for to-morrow:
First race, four and a half furlongs, maid
ens— Trapsetter 113, Black Wolf 113. St. Blue
113 Harfang 113. Atlantlco 11.1. Codex 110.
Justine Morel 110. Mias McMeekln 110. Annora
J 11O Outwal 110. Durbar 110. Interrogation
110 Rlan 110, My Gem 110, Pulk Miller 110.
Second race, steeplechase, short course, han
dicap—Imperialist 157, Ceylon 133. Montanlc
148 Slap Dash 132. Tatar 13f>. Falella l.U>.
Alma Girl 134, Joe McGee 130, Indian II 138.
(Tatar and Falella, Hays entry: Slap Dash and
Montanlc. Dumell & Herz entry.) ¦ <->
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles, July
Selling stakes— Nitrate 10S. Leflare 101. Serge
ni Schwalbe ICO, Hermencia 88. Major Tenny
Dti. Bondage 0. r >. Glassful 00. Orslna JvS. (Serge
and Leflare. Coriigan entry.)
Fourth race, six furlongs, selling— Automaton
115 Sardine 110. Meehanus 109. O'Hagen 107.
St. Cuthbert 10*5. Louis Wagner 10j> Censor
104. Bard Burns 104. Cousin Carrie 104 Angea
104 Haydon 102. Flaunt 101. Louisville 00,
Lovable 00. Erema 00.
Fifth race, six furlongs— Sharp Bird ICa.
James J. CorbJtt 1«>. Pomplno 10«. Sharpless
104. Howendobler 104. Aline Abbott 104 Op
tional 102 Zella Knight 102. Senator Matts 101.
Zlbla 100. Eva's Darling 0t», Pompey 00. Silver
Fizz OI», Carrie I 09. Emma A. M. Oi.
Sixth race, one mile— Postmaster Wright 111,
The Major 111. Floyd K 107. Ontonagon 107.
First Chip 107. McGee 104. Wolfram 104, Nes
tria 104. SherVy 104. Orfeo 104, Vestry 102.
John Powers 101. Snowdrift 90.
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
(By the Chicago Inter Ocean.)
Flrnt II n oe— My Gem, Blackivolf,
'"seconu" .tact Ceylon, Tartar, In
'IWlrii Race — Bondajre, Xitrate,
Hermenela.
Fourth Race— Sardine, Flaunt.
ConMin Carrie.
Fifth Race Silver h Izs, ura'n
narllnnr, Sharp Illrd.
Sixth Race McGee, Postmaster
WrlRht. Ontonaffon.
DELMAB ENTRIES.
ST LOUIS. July 2S-— Weather clear: track
fast To-morrow's entries: - -J- , :
First race, five furlongs.' purse— Bush Smith
100 Toupee 105. Rebo 105. Laoadrome UK,
Major Carpenter 1 OS. Folle* Bergeres .105.
Caryota 100. Port Warden 103. Mrs. Malaprop
100. Wigwam 103. St. Giles 108. Sadie
Second "race, six furlongs, selling— Noweta
103 Mathllde 100. Mayor Graham 1CK5, Sister
Lillian M. Val Verde rts. Aylmer Bruce t>3.
Totlla 103. Varna Fonso 95, Feronla 100, Harry
Griffith 07. dime 100. Sid Silver 102.
Third race, four and a hair furlongs, selling —
Shortstop 00. Peach Juice 102. Frank Collins
101 Thunderatlon 98. Rhyme and Reason 103.
Sweet Note 104. St. Roche 109. Castle .Gregory
101, Glen Esher 93, Thales 107, Bustler 104,
Benton 93.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles, purse
—Miss Mae Day 100, Ivernia 102. Quisante 104.
•W B. Gates 104, Evea G 02, Kansas LJly »2.
Maud Gonne 102.
Fifth race, one mile, selling — Pettljohn 104.
Stand Pat 102. Plrateer 102. Orpheum 100.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards, sell-
Ing — General Dix 00, Tambourine Glr! 02, Deer
Hunter 00. Baronet : J04, - King's •' Sister Ki,
Axares 105, . Our Lady 102, . Verna Rice 100.
King's Court 107. "Pirate's Daughter 103. Sir
Paul 106, Charley's Dream 101, Immortelle IC
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL. MONDAY, JULY 27, 1903.
. PARIS, July 26.— W. K. Vanderbilt's
•Marigold ran second In the Prix Marlgsky
to-day at Malsons Lafltte. .n
8There are about 30.000 automobiles in
use In the United States.
A possible use for these camps Is sug
gested by the success of an experiment
tried, by a Pittsburg physician who Is a
firm believer In the open-air treatment for
tuberculous troubles— a treatment .which
at no distant date will be generally adopt
ed. The physician, I>r. Flick by name,
purchased an abandoned lumber camp in
the hills of Pennsylvania and converted It
into a sanitarium by repairing the shan
ties and adding a number of tents to the
equipment. There he takes his patients
and compels them to lead a rough, out
door life, .with no luxuries but plenty of
fresh air and plain, nourishing food. He
Is said to have made a great many cures
by his treatment, and his sanitarium is
crowded with patients the year round.—
Milwaukee Sentinel.
Scattered throughout Northern Wiscon
sin are scores of abandoned lumber
camps, some of them comprising buildings
enough to form small villages If they
were occupied and most of them, Includ
ing at least one commodious log house,
commonly called a "shanty," capable of
sheltering many people in snug If not ele
gant quarters. Though they were left to
decay -when they had served their pur
pose, many of these camps are still in a
fair state of preservation, and a compara
tively small expenditure would make them
habitable. And in the majority of cases
they occupy land that could be bought
for a few dollars an acre.
Deserted Logging Camps.
Edward B. Hlndes (owner) with Ralston
Iron Wrrks (contractors), architect Newton J.
Thnrp — Fire escapes for an eight-story and
basement brick building on S line of Sutter
street. 164 :C E of Taylor. E 60:9 by S 137:6;
$1497.
Johanna Hempel (owner) with Kalghln &
Calne (contractors). Martens & Coffey archi
tects — All work except mantels, shades, gas
fixtures, plumbing and patntlnfr for a three
story frame building, attic and basement on
SE corner of Washington and Broderick
streets E 69:6 by 55:£U: $7100.
Same owner with J. F. Noonan (contractor),
same architect— Plumbing. ga» fitting and sew
ering for same on same; $1015.
Morris Rothschild (owner) with Louis Cereg
hino (contractor). Sylvain Schnalttacher archi
tect—All work for two three-story frame
buildings (flats) on E line of Franklin street,
&5 S of Vallejo. S 55 by E 02:10; $17.810>
Independent Electric Light and Power Com
pany (owner) with J. H. Lemon & Sons (con
tractors) Bliss & Favllle architects—White
washing* and painting for addition to power
station between Humboldt and Twenty-third
streets from W Georgia eastward; $1375.
National Brewing Company (owners) with
Rlley & Rock (contractors). John & Zlmmer
m.inn architects—Excavation, concrete, brick
and Iron work for new malting department on
lot commencing at point 120:3% S from SE
corner of Webster and Fulton streets. S 47:8ft.
E 77:0. N 30:0. ii 12:5%. N 17:2%. W 89:llh;
$16,295. • ¦ -
P Klein (owner) with F. J. Femhoff (eon
tractor), Philipp Schwerdt architect — AU worn
except electric work, plumbing, painting, man
tels, shades and gas fixtures for a 3-story
frame building on lot on S line of O'Farrell
Btreet. 22 :« E of Larkin. E 23 by S JH>; $10,345.
Same owner with Joseph Flood (contractor),
same architect — Plumbing, Kasflttlng and
sewering for sam« on pair.*; $1605.
Builders' Contracts.
James H. Mahoney to Margaret O'Shea, un
divided H of lot on SE line of Bryant street,
275 NE of Third. NE 23 by SE SO: $10.
Margaret O'Shea to James A. Mahoney, lot
on SE line of Bryant street. SOI NE of Third,
NE 25 by SE SO. quitclaim deed; $10.
John and Catherine McGrath to Clara H.
Wise, lot on N corner of Seventh and Cleve
land or Cleveland streets, .NW 25 by* NE 75;
$10.
Frank A. and Angelina Plncelli to Leo
Rosenfeld. lot on SW lln? of Harriet street,
l'Tt SE of Harrison, SE 23 by SW 75: $10.
Estate of Elizabeth Cro«hwaite <by Michael
H. Ctwthwaite. administrator) to William J.
Nixon, lot on E line of Fifth avenue. 250 S of
Clement street, S 25 by E 120; $730.
Roman Catholic Archbishop of San Francisco
(corporation sole) to John J. Regll. lot on N
line of Harrington street. 300 W of Mission.
W 125 by N 100, lots CS. 70 and 72, block 4,
Academy Tract; $1500.
Pan If- 1 Crowley to Catherine Razzautl. lot on
N line of Pacific street. 76 W of Polk. W 23
by N 100; $10. . -
Caroline J. Harrison to Henrietta Franklin,
lot on XE corner of O'Farrell and Stelner
streets, K 120 by E 137:3%: $10.
Robert Mllllean to ilarle T. Mllllsan. - lot
on W line of DevJsadero street, S4:S N of Rid
ley. N 25 by W 125; Klft.
George \V. and Mercedes I,. Call to Ana R.
Pearce. lot on W line of Baker Btreet. 115:2)4
K of California. N 25 by W 125: gift.
George Haas Realty Company to Henry
Doscher, lot on S line- of Pate street. 100 W
of Shrader. \V 50 by S 1:57:6: $10.
Hlbernia Savings and I.oan Society to Marion
B. Foster, lot on X line of Twenty-ninth street,
230 E of Castro. E 50 by N 114: J:»4O. ¦
Antonio and Maria Ratto to Orlando Lend,
lot on M line of Telegraph place. 1.17:0 E of
Dupont street and 01 :B X of Greenwich. E
17:2% by N 4tf. BO-vara lot 603. beinff sub
division 1 of 50-vara lot map. recorded :t38 D.
394- also 1-15 of subdivision 9, 50-vara lot 503,
above referred to: $1600.
Chlchlzola Estate Company to A. Fodera. lot
on SW corner of Washington street and Wet
more place. XV 56 by S 112:6; $10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
SATURDAY. JUI/T 25.
The searchers scattered in three direc
tions. Postmaster Schmidt went to the
site that International used to occupy,
thinking it might have come back in the
night. But It hadn't. Postmaster Schmidt
learned by inquiry, however, that the
town had been shipped to Alameda, after
it had been loaded on three flat cars. Fol
lowing this clew to Alameda. he discover
ed the dismantled village in the freight
yards In that town.
The finding of the lost city was enough
for Postmaster Schmidt and to-morrow he
proposes to get warrants in Martinez for
the arrest of R. B. Mott and W. I. Sedg
ley for making away with the town.
Schmidt has been advised that Mott and
Sedgley had no right to take the village
after It had been foreclosed upon and
it is upon this advice that he is going to
make his charges.
It was worse than looking for the hang-
Ing gardens of Babylon, far worse- than
searching for the ruins of buried Nineveh
and a chimerical chase compared with the
pursuit of At!antls. Not so much a3 a
splinter betrayed the. site of the vanished
village. It w^s only a bare expanse of
plowed acres. Aladdin with his little
lamp could not have made a better clean
up. '
The discovery was made at the ex
pense of a whole day's search. In which
were engaged Postmaster Schmidt. School
Director William J. Schmidt and Anson
S. Blake, erstwhile directors of the In
ternational Explosive Company, in which
Robert B. Mott and W. 1. Sedgley were
also directors and vice president and
manager respectively.
The. once flourishing village of Interna
tional, that little Jumping-ofC place in
Contra Costa" County that the hand of
man swept out of existence in a night,
was found to-day by Postmaster George
Schmidt of Berkeley. But alas! It is only
three carloads of splinters and boards and
nails, miles away from the scene of its
former hopes and activities.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, July 26.
Not Even a Splinter Marks
Spot Where the City
Stood.
Schmidt,thePostmaster,
Goes Searching for
Lost Town.
FINDS VILLAGE
PILED ON CARS
Canada's exports and import* have al
most doubled In six years.
If Carsten would content himself with
an imitation of tbe fish and game laws,
and advocate a closed season for the ap
pendix the suggestion might be worthy
of serious consideration. Perhaps It
might be better for everybody if no ap
pendices were taken, say. between the 1st
of July and the 1st of October, and none
less than four years old and not more
than twenty-five by any one surgeon* In
a season, unless the taking of the appen
dix were absolutely necessary to feeding
the doctor's family. Tnis would be a rea
sonable regulation, and It would tend to
eliminate the mere pot hunter, who slash
es recklessly, and has a tendency to re
move more appendices than his bank ac
count really requires.
However, the details of the closed sea
son can be worked out later. We have no
desire to usurp any of the medical soci
ety's functions; but it Is none too soon to
protest against the pernicious doctrine
that a man has a right to keep his vermi
form appendix merely because It is
healthy, or that he has any property
rights whatever in his appendix. The
time has not yet come to beat the scalpels
into plowshares and the forceps Into
pruning hooks.— Detroit Free Press.
At this late day we cannot accept Dr.
Carsten's theory that a healthy appen
dix ought not to be removed. An appen
dix is an appendix whether healthy or not.
and modern surgery definitely ascer
tained that the function of the appendix
is to be amputated. That is its place in
the economy of man, and for countless
ages nature has directed her efforts, in
the process of evolution, to .the beneficent
work of producing a vermiform appendix
that could be easily separated from the
patient together with $250. She has suc
ceeded, and when Dr. Carsten advises
that the appendix be left alone to wither
and flap like the last leaf on the tree. It
strikes us that he Is counseling the sur
geons to violate the ordinances of nature.
Dr. John Henry Carsten's argument to
the state medical society against the In
discriminate removal of the vermiform ap
pendix appears to be Irregular and un
ethical. We .have always been taught
to believe that vermiform appendices were
what the lawyers call ferae naturae—
wild things in which nobody can claim
property, and which anybody is free to
take. The better the appendix, the better
the operation, and the more sport in the
chase.
to Be Interfered
WithP
Is the Sport of the Surgeons
CONTINUED PURSUIT OF
VERMIFORM APPENDIX
Dr. Veranus A. Moore, professor of
pathology and bacteriology of Cornell
University, who has just finished a visit
to the University of California, does not
believe that cattle only partly afflicted
with tuberculosis are unfit food for human
consumption. In a pamphlet on the sub
ject of bovine tuberculosis Dr. Moore says
that an animal may be diseased in several
parts of Its body with the germs of con
sumption and yet the parts unscathed will
be perfectly safe to eat.
This fact has been established after
many tests with never a fatal result.
Butchers and cattlemen bavo become
cognizant of the discovery and now meat
goes on tables every day in America that
has been cut from beeves slightly affected
with tuberculosis. Even the Government
has lately withdrawn Its embargo from
this class of cattle and ordered . Its in
spectors to pass that which is not dan
gerously afflicted.
Dr. Moore finds that this must be done,
for if all the animals afflicted witb tuber
culosis were to be thrown away, there
would be very little meat left for people
to eat, so extensive is the disease among
animals. Besides this It would make pau
pers of thousands of cattle men. When
the accuracy of the tuberculin test was
demonstrated a crusade against the dis
ease was started. It was found, however,
when the extent of the disease was appre
ciated, that the cost would be so enormous
that legislative bofiles hesitated to make
the necessary appropriations. Now care
ful scientific investigations have brought
about a better understanding of tbe real
nature of the disease and eradication of
the animals will be unnecessary.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2143 Center Street. July 26.
Partly Diseased Animals
Good for Human
Beings.
AFFECTED CATTLE
NOT ALL UNFIT
She is described as being of about av
erage height, with very graceful carriage
and was arrayed in the very height of
fashion.
She was a stranger and rather gave the
impression that sbe was an actress.
¦ Immediately after luncheon she drove*
away with her escort.
The Call knows where the rings can be
found, and when properly identified they
will be restored to the rightful owner.
Among the guests who stopped at the
inn for luncheon was a very handsomely
attired woman, who after dining inquired
of one of the servants the way to the
washroom.
The proprietor of a fashionable coun
tryside resort was amazed yesterday
noon upon stepping into a small wash
room adjoining tbe dining hall to see upon
the washstand a small fortune of mag
nificent diamond rings.
The rings are all of unusual design and
of great beauty and brilliancy. One ring
alone was judged to be worth fully J100O.
while the aggregate valuation of tbe
whole lot must be between $5000 and (9000.
The proprietor naturally expected they
would be called for,, but up to going to
press last night no one had appeared to
claim them.
Woman Leaves Diamonds
on Washstand and
Disappears.
Hotelkeeper Discovers
Valuable Gems but
No Owner.
FIND JEWELS
WORTH FORTUNE
Among the thousands of gifts received
by the Czar on his nameday from loyal
Russians in all parts of the empire none
touched him so deeply as a Email nutshell
£ase, from remote Siberia, containing a
chessboard and a complete set of pieces,
all exquisitely worked in miniature from
bone. The author of this little marvel
of ingenuity is a convict. Inquiries have
been set on foot as to how far the cir
cumstances of the man's case will Justify
the Emperor's merciful intervention.—
X&itimore American.
Chess Set in Nutshell.
Find Their Way Up in Spite of
All Modem Pre
cautions.
MICE AND BED ANTS
IN TOP OF SKYSCRAPER
"Where do the mice come from? is a
question as hard to answer as where do
pins go," said a New York architect.
"My office Is on the seventeenth or top
story of a modern buildins in the Wall
street district. All its walls are solid, and
there are no hollows, such as are found
in a wooden building. The spaces under
the wooden flooring are filled with ce
ment; the washboards are marble, where
steam pipes run through the floors the
openings are sealed with metal, so that
one cannot find a cranny to conceal, much
lees passages for, even a mouse. Yet
mice are there, concealed somewhere,
making their way somehow from floor to
floor until they have reached the upper
most.
"Only the other day I looked up from
my work and saw a small gray mouse. I
skated a flat paper weight across the
floor at him, and though it only struck
the letter file the fright half kUIed him.
Then I learned that I had undone, in a
second, the work of six months, as It
turned out that my stenographer had
been cultivating Mr. Mouse's friendship
with bits of bread and candy.
"The engineer says there are rats in
the basement, where they have tallow and
oil and soap to live on, but they do not
come above the first floor. He showed me
once a thin procession of red ants pass
ing in and out of a crack in the marble
floor of the tenth story hall.
"They must have come up by minute
and devious crevices to this point one
hundred and twenty' odd f#et from the
level of the street. But even so, their
presence was strange, for all the ground
except Trinity Church yard, two blocks
away, is completely and solidly covered
¦with buildings and pavings. There is not
a single square inch of bar© soil in- tho
vicinity."
BERKELEIY. July 26.-The Ladles'
Guild of the Episcopal Church of the
Good Shepard in West Berkeley is ar
ranging an interesting programme for an
entertainment to be given August 7 in
Fraternity Hall. It will be for the bene
fit of the church funds.
Ladies' Guild to Entertain.
OAKLAND. July 26.— Rudolf Duchly. a
retired East India merchant, died to-day
at hia home in this city at the advanced
age of CS years. Deatn came from heart
disease. He leaves a wife and three chil
dren. The funeral will take place from
his late resldence # 2222 Shattuck avenue,
on Tuesday.
Old Trader Dies.
BERKELEY. July 26.— C. II. Splnks. a re
cent graduate of the mining: department, has
been appointed superintendent of the Mertell
Mining Company, which Is installing a plant
near Livermore for the purpose of developing
rnagneflte deposits found there. . «
Dr. Will L. Jecson of the department of
botany and Professor Arnold V. Stubenrauch
of the agricultural department of the univer
sity will leave to-morrow for Idyllwild, in the
San Jaclnto Mountains, for the purpose of de
livering a series of lectures on forestry. The
first lecture will be given on Wednesday. July
29. and the last on Monday, August 10.
The visiting members of the Summer School
faculty will be entertained to-morrow evening
at the Faculty Club.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
PROMINENT OAKLAND WOMAN AND A WELL KNOWN PHYSICIAN WHO WILL ENGAGE IN CONTEST
WITH THE FOILS BEFORE THE ORDER OF BEN HUR THIS EVENING IN OAK*LAND. THE COMBAT TO
BE THE FEATURE OF AN INTERESTING ENTERTAINMENT.
Mr. Veitch was able to attend the
funeral, but Mrs. Veitch is not yet able
to leave her room, and It is feared that
the terrible shock o£ her daughter's death,
coupled with the severe injuries she sus
tained in the accident, may result in a
general breakdown.
OAKLAND. July 26.— The funeral of
M.ss Kate Veitch. who was killed at Lake
Tahoe. was held this afternoon at 3
o'clock from the family residence. 1961)
Summit street. The funeral service was
conducted by Rev. John Blglow, assisted
by Rev. Mr. fiassman. Friends of the
family sent a larce number of floral of
ferings, among which were two beautiful
set pieces representing the "Gates Ajar."
The pallbearers were: W« "W. Tucker, C.
Duval. J. McCracken, L. King, C. Mitchell
and A. Dingle.
The remains were placed for the present
in the receiving vault at Mountain View
Cemetery.
Sorrowing Mother Too HI to Attend
Funeral and Great Fear Is
Felt for Her.
REMAIN* OF MISS VEITCH
ABE LAID AT FINAL BEST.
The first meeting of the city trustees
when the applications of the Southern
Pacific for the two franchises will be
taken up for consideration will ue on Mon
day, the third of next month. The city
trustees will then announce the names
of the fifty citizens they have selected to
assist them in handling the franchise ap
plications. City Clerk James W. Glllogly
says that under an amendment to the
statutes of the State the franchises will
not have to be advertised as the local
lines come under the head of tho6e doing
interstate business.
There is nothing to indicate that the
city trustees are prompted by anything
but the best of intentions to adjust the
franchises and bring the agitation that Is
disturbing the city to a satisfactory term
ination. While the unsettled state of
affairs exists business men and property
owr.ers claim that there will fce no ad
vancement and more than one property
holder who contemplated building has de
layed commencing until such time as he
is certain what kind of train service Ala
meda is to have in the future.
ALAMEDA. July 2C— With the issuance
of the call bearing the names of twenty
eight prominent residents and property
owners for a meeting to discuss matters
concerning the welfare of Alameda and
for the purpose of "stimulating public
spirit," the agitation over the applications
of the Southern Pacific Company for two
local franchises lias received another Btir.
There are some who profess to believe
that the Southern Pacific Is behind the
movement which resulted Jn the city
trustees deciding to select fifty citizens to
advise with it In settling tbe matter of
the franchises and that the corporation
induced the twenty-eight citizens to call
a meeting of property owners to be held
En the City Hall on the night of August 5.
•The Passing of Pope Leo" was the
subject of an address delivered this even-
Ing by the Rev. R. C. Brooks, pastor of
Pilgrim Congregational Church. ,
The Rev. H. J. Vcnburgh, pastor of the
First Baptist Church, gave a brief ad
drees this morning on Pope Leo.
On the whole the world will bt> fortunate If
the successor of L#o jruves to be as good and
»:r^at, as !;b*ral and enlightened, as was L«eo
XJII. His whfic reien has made for peace and
lor a be-ttrr understanding between the Cath
olic church and the Protestant wcj-ld. I do
net for a moment believe him to have been
tho vicar of i"hrUt. but I da cheerfullv pay
tribute to the fact that he was a devout Chris
tian end a frreat statesman.
Dr. Dille presented his views on the
life of Pope Leo aa those of a Protestant
clergyman {riving the Oead Pontiff full
measure of respectful tribute for the In
fluences he exerted for good in the world.
Durlr.g his remarks the pastor said:
Among the crrat personage* of our epoch,
ti.-rp with I!i>m«rck, Gladstone and Lincoln,
rnu«t be reckoned *Vpe \jeo XIII. nut only U
ik'jm- of t.« position and i:iflu*-ae»\ but l>**
ini.t- cf hie commaadirur ability.' There i* no
other petition in the world so influential a«
the Roman pontificate, for the Pope ru!«-s di
rectly from the chair of Peter nvre than two
hundred niilliims of human beings and indi
rectly Influences The whole world.
Hi* immediate j.rf(!ece t -For, Piur IX. wm a
contrast to Leo in every respect. Leo w ? s u
much etror-ter character than Plus anJ a
rr.uch Btcmcr rr.an. Leo wac far more of a
. diplomat and statesman. I'nUer Plus IX _ tne
political lower and irflu«*no* of the \a-ucan
eteedlly loet etrwpth; under ljeo it has steadily
cair.ed in pow-r a-rd influence.
PEISOirEB IN VATICAN.
"""When Tope P'Lt IX came to the Pope>
chair Italy was ripe ior revolution. The Gov
ernment of the Uourbons in Italy had long
been feeble, corrupt anJ cruel, and in Rome
a series of Jn*i(rniflcant P^pes, politically
»:¦•< ,. • -. had occupied the papal chair from
J'lUF VI. whom Naixjleon dethroned and ban
ished, and Pius VII. who first crowned Na
poleon then excommunicated him. and was
Imprisoned by him. to Gregory XVI. who died
la me.
Enr after Victor Emmanuel created a united
Italy, with EtoSM for its political capital, ana
took away from the Pojxs the temporal power
¦ Pius IX and Le> XIII never left th« Vatican
incloeure. remaining there, voluntary prisoners
as a silent protest _,-..:-•. the loes of the tem
l»oral power.
The Popt us*»d to go to Ft. Peter's from tht
Qulrinal palace, to the roll of drums and in*
roar of cannon, for he was a temporal sover
eign, ruling the s'.at*-s of yie church; now he
, Itoes Into the Vatican a Cardinal and comrs
out a corpse, for he is not a temporal ruler, |
but a private citizen, and a subject of the j
yountr Kin* Victor Emmanuel.
When Piue IX died the papal power and
prettige had about reached its lowest ebb.
His was one of the most unpopular govern
ments known to history. In the place of Pius
IX the Cardinals, Jn February. 1ST*, on the
third ballot, by a vote of 44 out of Cl, elected
Joachim Vincente Pecci, then Cs years of age —
the man who under the name Of Leo XIII died
last Monday aped 93 years and 5 months.
Immediately upon his areesMon to the triple
erov.rj there was ip-eat interest throughout the
*orld. as there is to-day, with regard to his
successor, as to what his policy would be —
as to whether he would be a hide-bound con
servative !ike Plus IX. refusing to recognire
modern progress and modern thought cr
whether he would be a liberal pontiff, striving I
to adapt the church to the spirit of' this en
l;Fh:«-r.ed 8 K p - It was purposed by many who
knew his tact and brvadth of views that he
would come to & compromise with the Italian
Government and thus end the antagonism be
tween the Vatican and the kingdom of Italy.
But In r.1* very first encyclical he unhes
itatir.Rly maintained Pius IX's demand for the
restoration of the temporal power, and he
never left the Vatican lnclonure. remaining
there a constructive prisoner as a silent pro
test against the loss of the temporal power.
SMALL PERSONAL EXPENSE.
It is true the Vatican palace and gardens
are a? exter.y'.ve as a city. The Pope's house
hold expenses are J1.OWJ.000 a year and his
income durlr.g his Jubll*-* year was $4,5uO.G<K>.
though hig personal expenses were only 50
oents a day; but however large and however
rilded the cape, the captive is a captive still.
There were doubtless tlmeu when Leo longed
tor greater liberty of movement and In the
rickenlng summer heat and malaria of Rome
lorjfed foi the pure brr^zes of h'.s mountain
fcorr.e at Carplneto
The Italian Goverritnert put no restraint
Xipon his movements, lie cciu'.d go about the
ftreets of Rome just as freely as anybody,
if he chsse to do «o. Why did he not? Be
cause he could not go out «-xcept as the guest
of the King of Italy, whom he regarded as
a usurper.
Kut there Is another reason why the Pop*
*tajed within the Vatican and why the Ital
ian Government, which Is respon«lble for his
safety, is very much relieved to have him do
•o.
The Fope'e life, would rot have been safe In
the street* of Rome at any time during his
reign. Why. h« <!ld r.ot dare to show himself
to the peopl* from the balcony of St. Peter's
even during his Jubilee for fear of Insult. I
An not mean that the most of the Italians
themselves would not treat the Pop* with
every respect if he should go out on the
etreets. The King, who is tolerant in religious
matters and is a gentleman, would treat the
Pop* with the highest consideration; and the
Queen, who Is not only a Catholic, but a very
devout one. would be overjoyed if r he could
b* presented to the Pope and eotild kneel and
he blessed by him. But unfortunately neither
Rome nor modern Italy Is peopled wholly by
civilized Italians. The Eternal Citr Is the
greatest hotbed of anarchy i n the world; near
ly all the asssypins of rulers In the last fifty
years ha%-e been Italians. What chance would
any Pope have for his life in the streets of
Rome? For he is hated by anarchists far
more than any living sovereign, for he repre
sents eomethlr.gr that anarchv has to fear more
than any king or ruler in the world.
Of the 200 Popes that have sat In th* chair
cf Peter. Xew have exerted a wider Influence
on the social, political and religious world
then Pope Leo XIII. In the course of his
I-rentiScate he has issued a series of lumin
ous encyclicals which have i*rved as moral
landmarks to the Catholic church, and have
commanded the r**rpect "-nd admiration of the
civilized world. Among these is the encyclical
on Christian marriage In JSSO. In which he
vindicate* the e^nctlty and the in
<J!sso!ubillty of the .rnarriare bond. The en
cyclical on th<? condition of the workingmen
issued la 1S91 was an exhaustive document on
th« rights and duties of the laboring classes.
The third encyclical was issued In 1S95 and in
It Pop* L*o demonstrate* that the Catholic
church can adapt herself to alt forms of civil
rovernntent. To Leo's statesmanship and as
tctenes* are due the revocation of the May laws
In Germany which made belonring to a re-
Ilgicus order a crime against the state; the
separation of the clergy in France from the
loyalist movement, the skillful management of
the question cf the friars In tbe Philippines.
On the whole the world will be fortunate If
the successor of Leo proves to be as good and
great, as liberal and enlightened as was L*o
XIII. His whole reign has made for peace
f. r. 1 for a better understanding between the
Catholic church asd the Protestant world.
'Eummlrg up his estimate of Pope Leo
XII I and tls work, the Rev. E. R. Dille,
pastor of the First Methodist Church.
*ea!d to-night in a prelude to his evening
discourse :
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, July 26.
Says World Will Be Fortun
ate if Successor Is as
Liberal.
Trustees Will Not Meet for a
Week but Excitement
, Continues.
Franchise Question Dis
turbs Quiet of the
Municipality.
Pastor Lays a Protest
ant's Tribute on Pon
tiff's Bier.
RANKS DEPARTED
POPE AS GREAT
ALAMEDA VERY
MUCH UNSETTLED
¦William Hill of Honesdale, Pa., is the
last survivor of • the crew of Commodore
Stockton's frigate Congress, which raised
the first United States flag over Califor
nia in 1846. •
Good Points of a Houseboat. .
Having passed four delightful summers
on a houseboat, our family is still more
enthusiastic than ever. For several sea
sons It has been Impossible for us to take
a vacation of a month or two away from
business, and " consequently we have been
compelled to have the Wah-ta-Wah an
chored In lome convenient locality where
I could get to business every day. There
is no chance for bad drainage on a house
boat. No matter how hot it Is on shore,
you can. find a cool spot on the water!*
One has the pleasures of boating,, bathing
and fishing combined with perfect safety,
privacy and independence.— Country Ljf e
in America, ¦
One hundred acres of land In the sand
hills of the Dismal River forest reserve,
Nebraska, were planted this spring by
the Bureau of Forestry. On eighty acres
100,000 ping seedlings were set out; the
other twenty acres were sowed with seed.
The work will continue this summer. Tho
nursery will be enlarged so as to cover
two acres, which will hold 2,000,000 seed
lings. The bureau intends to Increase
the size of the nursery gradually so as
to make it grow enough seedling trees
every year to furnish sufficient stock for
the planting. It is Intended ultimately
to turn the whole of the Niobrara and
Dismal River reserves, which are now
barren sand hills, into forest by planting.
The Dismal River reserve Includes 86.000
acres, the Niobrara reserve 126.000. A
survey of the boundaries of the Niobrara
reserve will be made this summer' by. E.
J. S. Moore of the Bureau of Forestry.—
Bureau of Forestry Bulletin.
Tree Planting in Nebraska.
Tne police have a woman, Mrs. P. J.
Tearr. formerly Edith Gerald, under ar
rest. Sha is said to have been with the
man the day before he met his death.
It Is also reported that the police have in
custody a'male suspect, whom they picked
up to-day, but they are. very guarded in
their admissions. It is suspected that a
conspiracy to murder Walker existed.
It Is rumored that the police are getting
very near the bottom of the affair, but
for the present they withhold Information.
STOCKTON, July 26.-The police are
making good progress in clearing away the
mystery surrounding the crime brought
to light by the discovery of the remains
of a man Friday morning in McDougalds
Slough. The body has been identified aa
that of Arthur Walker, a newcomer to
this city, and who for some time was en
gaged at work on the , pipe \ line near
Fresno.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
The property in question lien mostly In
Round Valley, near the town of Covelo,
and is one of the best appointed stock
ranges in the northern portion' of the
State. It consists of 8003 acres of land,
partly Improved. The action asks for p.
specific performance of the contract and
to declare a lien in favor of the banks
on the lands for the purchase money,
with interest' on the same, and that In de
fault of payment the property be sold
and the proceeds applied to the amount
due the plaintiffs, and for a personal
Judgment against Hayward for the un
paid balance, and. for an execution
C . alnat the capitalist for the same.
SANTA ROSA. July 26.— Suit has been
brought against Alvinza Hayward. the
capitalist, by the Savings Bank of Santa
Rosa and the Santa Rosa Bank, both of
this city, to enforce an agreement to pur
chase and sell the big Henley ranch, near
Covelo. in Mendoclno County. The action
was filed in Mendocino County.
The banks . named secured title to .the
property In question in February last,
and at that time 'entered into an agree
ment to sell the same to Hayward for
$50,000, the deal to be consummated on or
before May 7. When the time came
around the banks jointly tendered to
Hayward a deed to the property, and de
manded the payment of the purchase
price agreed upon, which It is alleged
has not been paid.
Special Dispatch to The Call:
.The Rev. Henry. C. Minton, formerly
pastor of the First Presbyterian Church
of Berkeley and a member of the San
Francisco Theological Seminary, Is on a
visit from Trenton, N. J. The prominent
divine occupied the pulpit to-day at the
Tirst Presbyterian Church. "
JOr. 15. H. Avery conducted services to
day at Brooklyn Presbyterian Church
1 The First Congregational Church pulpit
was occupied to-day by the Rev. C. A.
Dickinson, D. D. ;
The Rev. Stephen R. "Wood, a veteran
of the Philippines and Chaplain of Gen
eral Liscum " Camp, service men , of tho
Spanish war. preached . to-day at Ply
mouth Avenue Congregational Church. ;
The" Rev. Ernest E. Baker, pastor of the
First Presbyterian < Church, will-, return
with his family ; to-morow from .Ben
Lomond and will take residence at 121
Thirteenth street. .
The Rev. W. F. "Whitlock, D. D., promi
nent in the faculty of Ohio Wesleyan Uni
versity, Delaware, Ohio, chairman of the
Methodist Conference Book Committee
and secretary of the General Conference
Commission In charge of the session to
be held at Los Angeles next year, preach
ed to-day at the First Methodist Church.
The Rev. Owen Hotle, pastor of the
Eighth Avenue Methodist Church, has
announced a series of sermons on "Evo
lution and Religious Thought." The first
discourse will be delivered next Sunday,
the topic being "Evolution and the Crea
tion in Genesis." Following will be the
subjects: August 9, "Evolution and Reve
lation"; August 16, "Evolution and the
Atonement"; August 23. "Evolution and
Eternal Life." The general thought is
"Do These Things Disagree?"
The Rev. J. Whitcomb Brougher, D. D.,
of Chattanooga, Tenn., and formerly of
Oakland has accepted an invitation to
preach on Sunday, August 9, at the Tenth
Avenue Baptist Church. Regular work
of the oholr will be resumed next Sun
day after a vacation of six weeks. -.'
The Rev. Edgar R. Fuller of Bakersfleld
preached to-dav at Fruitvale Congrega
tional Church. ,
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. July 26.
Two Santa Rosa ' Insti
tutions Sue Alvinza
Hay ward.
Clergymen From Abroad
Conduct Services in
Oakland. «
Woman Arrested in Mys
terious Case by Stock
ton Authorities.
MANY VISITORS
OCCUPY PULPITS
for the edification of the members of that
order only.
Mrs. McFarland has been a resident of
Oakland forborne time, and has proved
her skill with the foils in several private
exhibitions. Dr. Green is also an expert,
and though his professional services are
given to Oakland, he lives across the es-
POLICE SEARCH
FOR THE SLAYER
OAKLAND. July 26.— Mrs. Alberta
McFarland will endeavor to ahow
that woman is superior to man in
the good old art of fencing, and
for that purpose she will meet
Dr. Maurice L. Green in a combat at
arms. The contest will take place at the
Templejof Ben Hur to-morrow night, and
BANKS COMPLAIN
OF CAPITALIST
tuary In Alameila. Mrs. McFarland Is an
enthusiast upon her art, which she says
Is the triumph of all skill, and when she
was requested to give an exhibition be
fore the members of the Order of Ben
Hur In Oakland she decided to make it a
test of skill between members of the two
sexes. There will be other numbers on
the programme and also dancing.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, MONDAY, JULY 27, 1903.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA BERKELEY OAKLAND ALAMEDA NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
Mrs. Alberta McFarland and Dr. Maurice L. Green Are
Listed to Meet in Fencing Bout at Entertainment
of the Temple of Ben Hur Organization To-Night
WOMAN WHO IS CLEVER WITH FOILS
ISSUES CHALLENGE TO MALE EXPERT
9THE 5AN XEAls CISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 27, 1903.
10
HELP WASTED — FEMALI>-Coii.
A— LADY'S maid and seamstress. $30; a cham-
bermaid that will, sew. $25; cook for small
sanitarium $35; a laundress and chamber-
maid. $30; two waltresfces for same com-
mercial hotel, country. $23 each; a flrst-
clasn cook, American family. $50; 50 house-
work girls for city and country places. $20
to $35. ' MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St.,
near Powell. : - :
A — COOK who understands German cooking,
2 In family.- $35. MISS PLUNKETT. 425
Sutter st., near Powell.
HAIRDRESKlNli. manicuring, massage, hatr
work; remeval of superfluous hair taught
from A to 2 in 2 weeks for $4 50; positions
/ guaranteed: $10 to $20 per week; school day
and eve. 233 Geary, r. 13: maids prepared.
A — Ladles, learn all branches halrdressing
- trade; manicuring, massage, etc., 1236 Mar-
: k»t st, cor. Jones, room 94; positions se-
cured at highest wages; day & eve, classical!
A— OPERATORS on ladles' underwear; good
wages; steady position. I. MAONIN & CO..
686 Mission st
A — OPERATORS wanted on ladles' waists;
good wares; steady employment , 656 MIs-
slon st. I. MAGNIN A CO.
A — OPERATORS wanted on children's and In-
fants' wear; steady position; good wages. L
MAGNIN & CO.. 660 Mission st
GIRLS FOR FACTORY JTORK; GOOD
WAGES; PAID WHILE LEARNING;
STEADY EMPLOYMENT: APPLY AT
¦ oncb:' j ¦ . /;'
AMES & HARRIS,
• 100 SACRAMENTO BT.
AT OUR NEW FACTORY. 1873 MISSION 8T..
NEAR FIFTEENTH. SEWING MACHINE
OPERATORS ON OVERALLS WANTED,
INEXPERIENCED PAID 8ALARY WHILE
LEARNING OPERATORS AND RIVKTEJ19
ALSO WANTED AT OUR MAIN FACTORY.
32% FREMONT ST. LEVI STRAUSS 4k CO.
APPLT TO MR. DAVIS.
WANTED.
WOMEN AND GIRLS TO CUT FRUIT;
GOOD WAGES AND STEADY WORK. AP-
PLY CUTTING BRANCH CANNERY, CALI-
FORNIA FRUIT CANNERS' ASSOCIATION,
CORNER SEVENTH AND BEKRY STS.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work; highest wage*.
Apply California Canneries Co., Brannan
et., between Third and Fourth.
I OPERATORS ON CASSIMERE PANTS.
• STOCK WORK. STANDARD FACTORY,
COR. GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
GIRLS, stay away from the bag factories;
strike on hand. Burlap and Cotton Bag
Workers' Union No. 10C48.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit: steady
employment highest wa«res. CODE-PORT-
WOOD CANNING CO.. Bryant and Tenth.
GIRL for second work and assist with plain
wash: references. Call Monday morning,
1117 Post st.
A— Practical Millinery School, estab. 14 years;
terms easy. 816 O'Farrell. for. 1000 Van Ness.
GIRL to assist In small family. Call mornings,
604 StelnerNst.. near Oak. -
SALESWOMEN for bakery. 012 Kearny st.
HOTEL waitress wanted. Apply to J. JOHN-
SON, Brooklyn Hotel. 208 Bush, bet. 10 & 12.
WOMAN to do cleaning once a week. 612
Kearny st '
A TAILORESS wanted on coats. 824 Folsom
St., bet. Fourth and Fifth.
GOOD all-round tailoress on coats. 701 Geary
street. '-¦•¦>- ¦:'"-.
FIRST-CLASS finishers, also apprentices, on
vests. 230H Ninth St., opp. Clementina.
MIDDLE-AGED Swedish woman as working
. housekeeper; 2 In family. 622 Natoma st.
ELDERLY German Catholic woman: cooking
and housework; $7 per week. 1071 Market st.
DINING-ROOM girl wanted: first-class walt-
ress. . Restaurant. 206 McAllister st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object
WANTED — Trustworthy woman or girl to as-
sist light housework: small family; Sausallto;
good home; wages $12. Send address to In-
- glenook. Sausallto, Cal.
GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall season:
trade taught from start to finish in one month
for $5; positions guaranteed at $10 week up.
Eve. Echool only. 143 Stockton st, rm. 13.
PICK hops In August; enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable- outing fop men, women and
children. Call or write E. CLEMENS
HORST. CO... 122 Battery st. San Francisco.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on cloaks and suits at
KRAGEN, BAMBERGER CO.'S, 463 Mission.
slon st. \
GLOVEMAKERS wanted; experienced sllkers.
¦ - banders and makers. Carson Glove Co.,
123 Second st.
WANTED — Young girl to assist with general
housework; wages $12 to $15. 7 Central ave.
Call between 11 and 2.
GIRLS for factory work; permanent positions;
good wages; no experience necessary; paid
while learning. Gulf Bay Co.. 709-711 Front.
WANTED — Girl for general housework; cook-
Ing and washing:* small family; wages $20.
Call Monday S526 Sacramento st
OPERATORS ON SHIRTS AND OVERALLS.
STANDARD FACTORY. CORNER GOUGH
AND GROVE STS.
WANTED — Experienced feeder on ruling ma-
' chine. Apply SANBORN, VAIL A CO.. 741
• Market st ¦
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
.to travel. Apply Girls' Directory. Central
¦ ave. and Waller st. * '
GIRL for general housework: small family;,
must, sleep at home. 2320 California st ;
NEAT 'girl to assist in general housework;
wages $18 to $20. 821 Lark'.n et. .
GIRL for ' light housework In small family;
¦ wages $15. 1837 McAllister: St.
A 30 SIZE model wanted at KRAGEN, BAM-
BEROER CO., 463 Mission st. ' . '
NEAT elderly colored woman for general house-
work; farfUy of 2 adults. : Box 4610. Call.
CAPABLE demonstrator; state business ex-
.perlence. Box. 4606. Call.. "
"WANTED— A' good counter . girl at California
, Cafe. 19 Powell st. ¦ v
WANTED — Immediately. 5 ironers at National
Laundry. ! 411 Sanchez st. '' ¦
COOK wanted: -wages $25. I Call Tuesday (not
before). 2601 -Broadway; 'part of washing. . , -
WOMAN wanted to cut ladles' waists. Apply,
, between 110 and 11. 43 Ellis st .
•^ .
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.
Employment Agents
420 Bush St.. . 042 Clay st.
Telephone Grant 185.
SHIP TO-DAY FOR NEVADA.
Reno. 20 concrete laborers, Co.'s own work.. $2
Ryndon tunnel, tunnelmen $2-$o
SHIP TO-DAY. CHATSWORTH PARK.
Machine drillers and drillers $2-$3
(Bonus 25c day remain until work is done.)
Section hands, different divisions, Cal..$l 70
Absolutely Frtee Fare for All Above.
- Scandinavian lumber pliers, country.. $52 mo.
Harness cleaner, $70, room; leverman for
dredgfer, $00: blacksmiths, carpenters, shoe-
maker, carriace-maker, $3-$3 50; teamsters,
free fare, $2 25. .-, . ¦ r
Chef, mine boarding-house, fare refunded. $70
Chief cook, hotel, Nevada, free fare $73
Second cook, springs, $tK),' fare paid; cooks,
broilers, fryers, seconds, city and country.
$40-575; restaurant butcher, $60; bowling
alley man, springs, $23: dishwasher, pot-
washer, waiter, summer resorts, $30-$40:
pantrymen, dishwashers, waiters, bell and
elevator boys, $1.1-525; butcher to drive
wagon, $10 week; kitchen crew, north, 4 peo-
ple. $58 week, and numerous others.
C. R. HANSEN & CO... Employment Agents
429 Bush st 042 Clay st.
8 WOODCHOPPERS for mining company. $1 60
cord; 'A farmers and wives, $40 and $50 and
found; buttermaker, $40 and found; milkers,
$30 and $45 and found; man about place, $25
and found; chore boy, $16 to $20 and found;
boy "Tor store, $8 to $7 50 week; old man to
care for place, $5 and found; assistant gar-
dener, $25 and found; all-round laundryman
for country, $50 and found; fruit peddler,
$20 and found; Ironmolder, $3 day; miners,
$2 50 to $3- day; laborers, quarry men. coopers
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 625*
Sacramento st.
2 HOTEL waiters, country, $30 and found;
inside servant, private family. $35 and
found: silverman. $30; pantryman. $30: col-
ored porter, $25 and found; restaurant cook
for country, $12 week; restaurant cook, city,
$70; broiler, dishwashers and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento Bt
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
69 Third st, nr. Call bldg.: phone Bush 405.
FREE FARE— FREE FARE.
NEVADA AND UTAH.
We ship dally; S. P. Co.'s own work.
500 laborers, $2 a day.
4»0 section hands, all parts of California.
S. P. K. R. Co.'s Own Work.
FREE FARE— FREE FARE.
"¦EVERY DAY.
CHATSWORTH PARK— FREE FARE.
10 tunnelmen. $3 a day.
10 drillers and muckers. $2 25 a day.
2 swampers for the woods. $45 and board.
BUTTE COUNTY — CHICO.
60 teamsters and rockmen. $2 60 a day. '
50 laborers and axmen. $2 25 a day.
COAL MINERS.
FREE FARE— OREGON.
25 miners, ?1 a ton.
2 men to cut wood 4 feet. $1 25 a cord.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 50 Third st.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Walter, $30; cook, $75; potwat<her, $30; Ja-
' panese waiter for hotel, $30.
OPERATORS ON CASSIMERE PANTS;
STOCK WORK. STANDARD FACTORY.
COR. GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
¦
¦
A YOUNG man of good address to assist man-
ager of Juvenile dept: IS to 20 years of age;
references. S. N. WOOD & CO., 740 Market.
PANTS finishers wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at 27 Geary st.
RELIABLE cash boys. S. N. WOOD & CO.,
740 Market st
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 per
pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50, or oKliopedlc
shoes, $3 50; best shoes on earth, rl Third
St., Examiner building, 5 doors from Market.
CARPENTERS and plasterers. Girls' Direct-
ory, Central ave. and Waller st.
BOOTBLACK wanted. 200 McAllister st, cor.
Hyde.
BARBER— Steady; from 11 to 8 o'clock every
day. 44 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— A brass molder. 225 Beale st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express'or
mall chanres. ' 11 Third St., Examiner bldg.
MAN to work about place. 1443 Harrison st.
GROCERY salesman to handle side line. Box
4940, Call office. . .*
LUNCH waiter wanted at 434 Fifth st.
DISHWASHER— Young man wanted. Capital
Restaurant. 200 McAllister st.
WANTED — Good bootblack; none other. 34
Fourth st.
BARBERS, attention — Shaving parlor for sale;
, living-rooms. Inquire 1541 Geary st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express cr
-mall' charges. 11 Third st. Examiner bldg.
WANTED — Agents to take orders fcr auttior-
Ized "Lite of Pope Peo XIII." Written trith
approbation and blessing of His Holiness;
over 600 pages; elaborately illustrated ; sells
at sight; best terms; books on credit; freight
paid; sample, with full Instructions, post-
paid free on application. Address Glebe
-xBlble Publishing Co., 723 Chestnut tt, Phil-
adelphia, Pa : *
GOLDEN West Beneficiary Employment Asso-
ciation — Male and female help on short no-
tice; 60 laborers. $2 25 per day; sheep herder.
$30 per month: 7 waitresses, $25 to $30 per
month. PARKHURST & MAUP1N, ¦ 2i
Drumm st.
WANTED — For country place, a first-class
gardener who thoroughly understands all
branches of gardening anil able to take full
charge; copy of references required. Ad-
• drtss box 4240. Call office.
WANTED — Dentist, licensed, good extractor,
good ran t<l crown and bridge worker, good
addrers and habits; tiermanent; $30 to $40
week, according to ability and application.
Bchiffman Dental Company, Los Angeles.
WANTED — An all-round man at the Woodland
steam laundry; wages $50 and board: must
l>e a good polisher. Address box 216, Wood-
land. *
FOR sale — A good 3-chalr barber shop In the
country. For particulars apply at the Barber
Supply Dept of the WILL & FINCK CO.. 19
.O'Farrell st. ,
WANTED — 3 bollermakers; steady employment
to right men: standard wages; state experi-
. ence. Box 4255, Call office.
WANTED — Men for steamers and. sailing ves-
sels; all parts of the world. W. B. SWEARS.
Pacific Mall Dock; Tel. Bush 438.
WANTED— A bookbinder for all round work
• in • forwarding and finishing. Apply SAN-
BORN, VAIL & CO. 741 Market, at
WANTED — Man to solicit for "picture frames;
00 per. cent on $1.'. 1900 Stockton ; st. .
STEADY ' boy. to work in a paint shop ¦ and
store. Box. 4256. Coll office. -.'•¦"¦•--
FORWARDER wanted who understands flnish-
lng. ; MYSELL-ROLLINS CO., 22 Clay st.
PAYING 2-chalr barber shop; down town. Ask
for H. BAUM. 1037 Market st.
MAN to: do^" Janitor work for tuition In S. F
Barber School. ' 741A Howard st
EMPLOYMENT * OFFICES. »
GEORGE^OKlT^l Post stTTtelTBush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; . fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A— ORPHKUM Employment Office — Japanese, .
Chinese'help. 426 Powell. Tel. 'Main 6752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; pll kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. 040 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — FEMALE.
A — SCOTCH waitress, young.' strong, 3 years
last place, wants a situation; also a thor-
oughly reliable Scotch housemaid and seam-
stress wants a situation. Call at MISS
PLUNKETT'S, 425 Sutter st.. nr. Powell.
A GERMAN nurse wishes situation; good refs.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter at
RESPECTABLE Swiss girl, good sewer, wishes
a situation for upstairs work in American
family; wages not under $20; good references.
Call at 31)25 Seventeenth st., near Market.
COMPETENT Klrl wants housework and cook-
ing; wages $25. Call at 384S Twenty-sixth
st, bet. Church and Dolores.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position to
do general housework; thoroughly honest;
good references. 733 Folsom st
YOUNG woman wishes situation to do general
housework. 322 Fremont st.
WANTED — A situation. by a respectable wo-
man to do chamberwork. 713 Franklin st.
A YOUNG lady with 3 years' .practical experi-
ence In topographical and railroad draught-
Ing desires position with draughting office in
city; Al references. Box 4231. Call.
YOUNG lady stenographer and typewriter,
mercantile experience, unexceptional refer-
ences, wants position. Box 4608, Call office.
SWEDISH tlrl (17) wishes to do light house-
work and plain cooking In city; wages $20.
MISS A. B.. Redwood City.
YOUNG lady would like position as working
housekeeper or care of 2 or 3 children. 123
Harriet st.
A COMPETENT woman would like 3 or 4
half-days housework of any kind a week. Box
4232. Call. >
TRAINED nurse, speaking French and Eng-
lish, will care for and travel with Invalid:
terms reasonable; references. Box 4917, Call.
TRAINED nurse wishes hourly engagements;
can give baths, rubbings or any care the sick
may require. Phone Scott 3151. '
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister at.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
A — BUTLER with first-class references wants
a place by the 1st of August. Call at MISS
PLUNKETT'S. 425 Sutter st. near Powell.
BOOKKEEPER on a ranch; well-educated
young man who has previously been em-
ployed in above capacity seeks similar posi-
tion; highly recommended by last employer;
Is a stenographer and typist; abstainer; bonds
if required. Box 4246. Call office. __^
MAN and wife wish positions on ranch; man
good teamster and handy man; wife good
cook and housekeeper. Box 4030, Call office.
RELIABLE man wishes position to take care
of horses and garden; also a good driver; ref-
erencea. Box 4020. Call office. -
MAN With many years' experience in charge of
power and lighting plants will take a sim-
ilar position; Is a graduate mechanical en-
gineer, with ample proof of skill, ability
and character to satisfy the most exacting.
Address Chief Electrician and Engineer, box
S01. Call office. Oakland. •¦
A YOUNG man with extended practical expe-
rience in mining work and civil engineering
desires a position as field engineer with some
mining, exploration or railroad company,
either in United States or Mexico; speaks
Spanish fluently: best of references. Address
box 4237. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by experienced young
JloriKt and gardener to take charge of big
r.lace, either private or commsrclal; good
reference. Address A. W.. box 1227. Call.
A POSITION as cashier or assistant treasurer
In first-class hotel, or wholesale or large
retail dry-goods company, or large lumber
cempany. Box 4222. Call Office. _.
WANTED — Position In or near San Francisco
by linotype operator-machinist; 8 years' ex-
perience, day work preferred. Address box
43. Petaluma. Cal.
POSITION by young man In private family as
choreman; good milker; plain gardening;
car e of horses. Box 4609. Call office.
POSITION as cutter and fitter on ladies' tai-
loring; from the East; best of references.
Address box 4927. Call office. »
FIRbT-CLASS framer desires employment In
rood quartz mine as tlmberman. Address
J .C. box 4235. Call. !
RELIABLE, honest young man. German,
steady, sober, wishes situation as bartender;
cltv references. Box 4206. Call office.
BRIGHT Japanese boy wants schoolboy's po-
sition. Address 923 Sacramento st.
SITUATION wanted in private family by first-
class Chinese cook; wages $40 per month.
AH LEE. 1016 Stockton st. city. '.
JAPANESE wants to have a position as a
schoolboy in email family. Japanese M. E.
Church. 1329 Pine st. S. KURODA.
A NEAT Japanese wishes a situation as
schoolboy: speaks English. T. S.,' 935 Sac-
ramento st.
JAPANESE couple want places: man Is cook:
wife waiter at table. 832 Clay st.. rear,
Oakland. ___^
JAPANESE cook wants place; do kitchen
work. 832 Clay st. rear. Oakland.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
FINANCIAL. '£i
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed: stock
and bond Issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold; stock accepted for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Poat.
FLAT* TO LET.
HOUSES and fiats to let; an immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantage of this
department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
St., on the square.
PARK flats; new; elegantly finished; on Sec-
ond ave. and C St., one block to McAllister
cars: 0 rooms. 6 rooms, 7 rooms, 10 rooms;
$25 to $45; sunlight all around; open.
A SUNNY flat, 6 rooms and bath; rent reason-
able. 384 Fell St.. near Octavla.
BEAUTIFULLY furnished 7-room sunny cor-
ner flat. 237 Webster st. corner Page.
CASTRO. 132A. near Fifteenth— Six beautiful
rooms and bath; sun In every room; $23.
$32 50—018 HAIGHT St.; sunny 7 rooms, bath
and yard. \
MODERN 7 rooms: bath; basement; garden;
IMS Kills; rent $32 50. Inquire 445 Waller.
TWO new modern upper flats. 6 rooms each;
eun all day. Cor. Twenty-sixth and Florida.
VAN NESS and Union — 7 and 8 rooms; sunny.
modern and up to date; marine view.
TO let— Flat of 4 rooms; 1S97 O'Farrell.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st.
TO let — Flat of 0 rooms and bath. 432 Tehama
street.
$11 — COTTAGE of 4 sunny rooms, yard. 132
Rose ave., bet Gough and Octavla sts.
GREENWICH. 2727— Upper; sunny; 6 rooms;
new; marine view; $23; open.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st -
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED. ~~
CAPP. 614— 5-room sunny flat; furnished com-
plete; piano, gas and coal range; call bet.
10 and 3.
FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. .Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Bookkeeper and accountant, country hotel,
free fare .: ....$50
Bookkeeper and i stenographer, restaurant.
city, middle-aged*. .r. ..¦....•.¦.."..¦. $25
Waitress, Pacific Grove, . start to-day, free
fare • • $25
Waitresses, springs, resorts, country $25
Chambermaids, city and country $20
Fancy ironers, city and country.; ..$.1.1 found
Cook, institution,' city, no bread baking. ..$.»
'2 restaurant waitresses.. ..;...:. ..$1 25. day
Chambermaid to wait, springs, steady year
around, fare paid ..'... ... .'. $25
10 waitresses, R. R. eating-house along line,
free fare, parties here $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Man and wife, milker and- drive wagon and
housework, $55, see party here this forenoon:
house trirl. Vallejo, no washing, nice place,
$25, \oarty' here this forenoon; cook, small
family, city, $25; cooks, house girls,' second
girls, $15-$30, and numerous " others. ¦ -.
C. R. HANSEN & CO ...... .423 Bush st
A LADY'S maid, $25; chambermaid, $25; sec-
ond girl, $25; laundress, $23: -nurse, $25;^ a
number of house girls, $25 to $30; two cooks,
$30 each. MRS. NORTON, 313 . Sutter. at
A — SEWERS to . take work home on t ladles'
and children's wear. Apply 636' Mission t st, ,
third floor. '
SAX FRAACISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
urtll 12 o'clock every night In the year. ; .'
ERANCH OFFICES— K!? Montgomery street,
corner Clay; cpen until 3:30 p. ra.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CH» McAllister street: op^n until 9:30 p. m.
CJ5 Lurkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
l'J41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
:*2C1 M8rket street corner Sixteenth: open
Bttfl 8 s>. m.
IOC Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1006 Valencia rtreet; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
lucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
aOQ Fllltnore street; open until 9 p. m.
me>:ti>g notices.
SAN FRANCISCO c^pterSo.\.noy^l JB
Arch Masons, meets THIS E\tMM>. YY
K A. dfgree. /? »
II. G. PRINCE. Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodce No. 22 F. and A. ,£-
M.. THIS (MONDAY) EVENING at >Qr
7-30 oclock. Third degr«-e. By order /?A
of the Master. ANDERS ON. 5ec.
KING "SOLOMON'S Lo\- No. 260. F. •
and A. M.. IKTCt Flllmore St.— Second W
riepre? THIS EVENING ot 7:3O/V\
ociock. , HARRY liAEHlt, Sec.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. I. O.
o F. Members attend ir.iila- f j>^~gRgfe
tion MONDAY EVENING. July
27. V"itom^SlL- KAr n, Ayy .t^.
GOLDEN Gate I-odge No. 3. KnHghts
of Pythla*— Officers and members
are re*i«ectfully requested to attend ~ft*jD>
ihe futjeral of our late brother, P. C-^jj»S»^
MATTHEW WHITTAM. TO-UuiiHOW
(Monday). .July 27. W0J. at I o'clock p. m..
fruin the chaxnl of Charles H. J. Truman &
Co.. 180a Mission Ft., bet. Fitteenth and fif-
teenth. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
Attest: W. R. EMERICK. C. C.
F. A. MECHEDY. K. of K. aad S.
KEBEL Cork Benevolent Association —
Will holi itc seventeenth annual pic- \5$Jf
rile in Srhell Mound Park. Berkeley, on %v»
(SUNDAY, August 2, l'XO. Numerous Ccjfi«? j
eate and g-ame prizes. A Domestic 2"^CS !
sewing-machine win be given for a first gale I
prize, now oh exhibition at 1C21 Market Et I
A firet-c!ass union band will be in attend- j
ance. BoatF lr-ave every half-hour for the !
!>ark. Buy your tickets for Shell Mound. '•
Don't forget the date, as this is the picnic of
the ee-as-on — Sunday, Aupust 2. '
P. 1JEASY, Chairman. !
J. CRONIN. Secretary.
THE Board of Medical Examiners of the SUte |
of California will liold a regular meeting in
the examination chambers. Civil Service
CommisFjon City Hall. San Francisco, Cal.,
on TUESDAY, August 4, 1903, at 10 a. m.
UCO. G. GERE, M. D.. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING — The regular annual
oeetlng of the stockholders ct the Spreck-
cle Sugar Company will be held at the office
cf the company, SSI Market st. fin Fran-
e'.tco, on MONDAY, the 1:7th day of July.
1803, at the hour of 11 a. ra.. for tbe pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve
fcr the ensuing year and for tbe transaction
cr such otker business as may come before
the meetlnr. Tbe transfer books will close
cd Friday, July 24. 19U3. at 3 p. m,
W. H. HANNAM, Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Monterey
County Water Company will be held at the
ctflc* of tbe company, 327 Market ct.. San
Francisco, en MONDAY, the 27th day of
July. 1903. at the hour of 11:30 a. ra.. tor
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year and for the
transaction of such other business »» may
come bffore the meetlnr. Thi transfer
books will close on Friday. July 24. 1903. at
3 p. m. W. H. HANNAM, Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting— The RIkJob" Iron and Lo-
comotive Works — The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Rlsdon Iron and Loco-
motive Works, for- the election of trustees
for th< ensuing year and the transaction of
ruch other business as may be brought be-
fore- the meeting, will be held at the office
of the company. No. 2S8 Steuart street San
Francisco.*on MONDAY, the 3d day of Au-
gust, 1903, at 11 o'clock a. m.
AUGUSTUS TAYLOR. Secretary.
AGENTS WASTED.
THE enly authorized life cf Pope Leo XIII.
Written with the encouragement, epprobation
and blessing of his Holiness by Mgr. Bernard
O'Reilly. D. D.. LL.D., who for e'.ght years
lived In the Vatican as domestic prelate to j
the Pope. This distinguished American au- I
tUor was summoned to Rome and appointed j
by the Pop* as his official biographer. Ap- i
provec". and recognized by Cardinal Gibbons j
ar.fi all church authorities as the only of-
ficial biography of the Pope. Over SOO
; ages, magnificently illustrated. Published In |
• English. French and German. Unparalleled
- ori'ortuntty for agents. Best commission.
Klerant outfit free. THE JOHN C. WIN-
STON CO.. S2S Dearborn st. Chicago. 111.
AGENTS WANTED— Life of Pepe Leo XIII.
Ov*r- 800 pag"s. Nearly 200 illustrations.
Full acccsnt cf funrral ceremonies. Books
on credit {freight paid; ppecial term". Pub-
lished in five languages. Indorsed by emi-
nent Catholics. Colored portrait and outfit,
containing 1»k> illustrations, mailed fr*>e. Ad-
dress CATHOUC BOOK COMPANY. 1017
Chefrtnut st.. Philadelphia. Pa.
AGENTS A1ID SOX.ICITOBS WANTED. !
WANTED — Good agents In every city and j
town in the I'nited States to sell diamonds |
on installments; Tontine plan; known a3 ;
Touting- diamond contracts; men to onen up |
r.ew territory as managers in different parts
of the country: contracts run f>2 weeks at i
$1 25 p*r wwk; total paid. $0T> fcr a 1- carat I
clear ¦white diamond, or $100 In gold coin in !
lieu thereof; investment pays 5o per cent 1
profit: agents, herp Is a contract that will i
tell and one that you can set paid for sell- j
Ing. Address box >»02. Call office. Oakland.
ASTROLOGY.
Astrology taupht horoscopes cart. Prof. Ray-
mond, bookft-jre, «49 Ellis. By mall if de«lred.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ROBT. "»'. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
rxn. Cll; e.11 ca*?s. di^iages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation
free; no advance charges; call or write;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
PROMPT attention to all cases; divorce, estate*,
collections; no fees unless successful; call or
write; eves. Tues. and Frt.; est. 15 yrs. ED-
WARD ACKLEY. 927 Market; tel Jessie 1330.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost in meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate atid all other law
races: no fees in advance: open .every even-
Ing. J. M. THURSTON, S19 Market st, r. 31.
ADVICE free: drvorres a rpeclalty;qulck,q;ulet;
no charge without success ; established 15 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market Bt. opp. Hale's.
I* S. CLARK, Emma Sprockets bldg.. 627 Mar-
ket st; consultation free; no fees In advance.
AITKEN & AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 309-10-11
Clunie bid*:.. 303 California et ; tel. Main 727.
WICK MATTHEWS, attorney at law. 632 Mar-
ket rt. room 23; legal advice; bank refs.
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
YOUNG talking parrots, $5 each ,-Gcnnao singing
canaries. $2; we will try to please rou;every-
thlng in our line at right prices. 1546 Market
BOAADIKG FOB CHILDREN.
GERMAN woman wants 1 or 2 children to
board; ref. given. 612 Treat ave., nr. 19th.
¦
BUSINESS CI1AKCES.
SURE MONEY— BIO DIVIDENDS
CATTLE RAISING.
We will take your cattle and raise them
for a snare of the profits, guaranteeing you
a certain increase.
If you invest your money with us will guaran-
tee you a fixed income, secured by tbe best
of collateral.
Bank references. Al management.
CALIFORNIA CATTLE AND LAND CO..
C31-C61 Hay ward bid;.
HALF interest tea and coffee business, crock-
ery, etc.: good store trade and routes; about
K500. WHITTLE. 131 San Pablo ave.. Oak-
land.
FOR sale — \% Interest in a good mine, with
mill now running, with chance to work In
mill at good salary. Box 4C11. Call office.
NORTH German wants partner to buy flrst-
<lass well-paying saloon: SIZOO required; ref-
«Tenc<-s. Addrtbs box 492S, Call.
SHOE store; R.V on tbe dollar. Drug store at
invoice. MOSEMAN. b50 Market Bt
$75. IN VESTMENT will plve man fair wage*;
will be own boss. 803 Folsom et.
FOR KALE — Books and stationery, cutlery; Bit-,
oated on prominent street down town; long
lease; 23 years established. 226 California st,
EHOOTING ifallf ry concession with or without
targets across the bay. Apply 711 Polk st.
RESTAURANT for rale; business location;
must be sold. Apply 702 Kearny st.
OUTSIDE route No. 4 this paper for sale.
Inquire hardware store. I9th and Folsom sts,
Halrdresslng parlors;cheap;value in algbt:good
location; retiring. 1153 Market, bet. 7th-8th.
BUSINESS CHAJVCJBSj— Ooittlnoe-d. _
r^r^ale^Gcod'paylng restaurant. $250. 2723
gutter ft. '.
AN outside route for sale. Apply Call office, y
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE. -
100 ROOMS; house for men; rent $140. ;> ..$4O0O
tS rooms; south of Market: rent $100. 2000
tt rooms; corner; part cash: baU easy. 850
11 rooms; good Income; rent $20.. 850
21 rooms; water front; rent $40 please. 650
120 rooms; good lease; low rent...... 6500
f>7 rms. :apsrtments; Western Add; rent 250
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hciels roadhouses, flats. 6 to 100 rooms.
EITEL A CARROLL. 212 Kearny st
BARGAIN — 16 rooms; i bath, gas; furnished
complete; tunny cornerv 1 floor steady room-
ers; rent $26; $350 if taken this week. Box
4024 Call office. ? ;
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 406, Examiner bldg. —
Hotels. Apartment Houses. Flats and
ROOMING HOUSES. A BIG FREE LIST.
BUNNY well-fur, cor. flat, 14 rms.; rent $40,
lease; price $700. 204 Second St., upstairs.
gPIiUTUALISM.
JOHN SLATER— Circle to-night at 8:13 sharp;
readings 10 to 4. 836 O'Farrell Bt.
KATIE HEUSSMAN, circle Friday evening.
25c; sittings. 1000 Harrlton st. cor. Sixth.
" CLAIRVOYAXTS.
A^ CALL AT ONCE~AND SAVE $i
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
$1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1.
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco. * •
I do hereby solerhnly agree and ruarantee to
make you no charge If I fsll to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I promise
tu tell you whether husband, wife or sweet-
heart Is true or false; to tell whom and 'when
you will marry; in fact. I will tell you every
hope, fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself. He restores lost affections, reunites
the separated, causes speedy and happy mar-
riages, makes you successful and prosperous,
cures disease and lost vitality without medi-
cine, locates hidden treasures; hours 10 a. m. to
8 p. m.; Sundays 2 to 8. 326 O'Farrell Bt., 326.
i MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
' Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
I nently located at 17 Third st. next Examiner
bldjt. ; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
: present happenings and portrays events to
! occur In the future: if you are in trouble, dls-
I contented or not satisfied in life, or have, do-
imestlc. love or business troubles, consult this
great "medium, and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice In all affairs
of life- 25c up; satisfaction guaranteel; read-
ings by mall. Tel. Black 45C9.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located at 1104 Market
tt. cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
tn. to 5 p. m.; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 Questions answered, $1;
full life. $3; send lock of hatr, date and year
of birth: don't send currency. Send postofflce,
Welle-Farco money order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight: tells the past present and future;
ladles. 60c; gents. $1; by cards, palmistry
end clairvoyant sitting. »»1 60. 126 Turk st
Mrs. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading, 10c. for
a short 'time only; when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
MADAM CAROL, Ju«t arrived, will tell your
past present and future life. 901 Buchanan
nt. corner Fulton; no sign.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice:
names given: 25c up. 8 4th st.. near Market.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
genta 60c. 951 Mission St.. nr. 6th: open Sun.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
261$ Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c. genta 60c.
MRS. BROWN clairvoyant card reader; ladles
23c; gents 60c: readings dally. 132 Sixth at.
MRE. SHAFER. clairvoyant card reader: sit-
tings dally. 448 H Jessie St.. bet 6th and 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents — The Weekly Call.
18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
_CARPET-BEATI^ AXD mEAKIXO.^
AIR. compressed, dry, ice cold, is now univer-
sally used In sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or Injury: prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call;blg.; phone Main 6237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
1 send for SPAULDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
; ing Works. 355-337 Tehama st : tel. South 40.
| CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co., J. McQueen,
¦ proprietor, 329 Guerrero st. tel. Mission 49.
I -jjar HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
Tnattresses made over. 1432 Howard -.South 21 6
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Matn 334. CEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st; tel. Mission 263.
! CONKLIX'S Superior Carpet-beating Works
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East J26.
CHIROPODISTS^
i DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 60 Geary — All
j ailments cf the feet cured; corns, bunions. etc.
i ¦
COLLECTION OFFICES.
' ADVICE free; bad tenants ejected speedily. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY.. r. 55, 916 Market;
tel. Red 618; collections; gen'l law business.
I BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
1 city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
! CO.. 413 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. 65S0.
; COTTAGES TO LET.
I $16 — Rent or for 6ale;bav-window 6-rm.cottage':
every known Improvement: high basement &
chicken houses. Owner. 1223 Cortland ave.
DENTISTS^
DrTlUDLUM HILU 1443 Market.nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting, 60c; gas given.
REMOVAL.
DR. C. W. RICHARDS, dentist, has re-
moved from 47 Post st to Mutual Bank bldg..
room C14. corner Geary and Kearny ats.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crown*. $3 60: fillings, 60c;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st
PARIS Dental Parlors, 23S Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 60 up; crowns, J2 up; fllllngs,23c.
GOLD fillings 75c. silver 25c, crowns $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutt*r.
10 PER CENT off this month; estimates free.
New York Dentists. 9€9 Mission st.. cor. 6th.
DREggM^BMjfe^EAMSTOESSEg.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button 4c buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
PTcnro axtd ciiBA-^ruro.
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets.
lace curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works, 3913 Sacramento; phone
for wago.. -^est 463. H. HICKMAN. pres.
KDVCATIOKAJL. ~
A— CALDWELL College of Oratory. Acting,
Opera and Authorship; largest in the West:
14 teachers; positions guaranteed; fall term
begins Sept. 7; day & evening class; beautiful
new catalogue free. 1293 Market, cor. Ninth.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches;
day and night sessions; 11 Ins. catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS tOLLEG E.
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had: tn-
dorsed by official court reporters. 13S2 Mkt.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st; special summer course in all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship. $60: day and evening sessions.
DANCING — Prof. Drew's • studio of, society
dancing, culture of graces. 36 Geary st,
room 43; ladles' and gentlemen's private in.
structlon; reception daily; phone Black. 3733.
HEALD'S School of Mine* & Electriclty.24 Post
•t.. 8. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment Special catalogue free.
THE Berlitz School of Languages has removed
to 1000 Van Ness ave.; rates reduced during
summer. Send for catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil., elec. mln.. mech..sur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day eve.; est 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A SUMMER school of shorthand and bookkeep-
ing; enroll now and.be ready. for position In
fall. 8. F Business College. 1236 Market st.
A TEACHER would exchange lessons for room
rent: specialties piano, singing, Spanish,
higher EngMsh branches. Box 4242. Call office.
SYSTEM, discipline and results; the Golden
Gate Commercial CoUege, Van Ness and
Golden Gate aves..S.pr;fiIls every requirement
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall.- Howard
St.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
SPANISH Academy — Professor Arribas; classes
day and evening; private lessons. 834 Sutter.
LESSONS given in Water. Color or Oil Palnt-
lng from Nature. CURRIER. 372 Sutter st
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, prammar, writing,
etc. day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market.nr. 10th.
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkpg. $S mo.
'A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrsjrper, for mailing, $L per year.
HELP WANTED— MALE Con.
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 63o Clay st.
PHONE JdAIN 684S. PHONE MAIN 5S4S.
Leading: Employment and Labor Agents.
THIS 13 WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS,
WE KNOW NO DISTINCTION BETWEEN
MAN AND MAN.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
10C2 We Gave 1903 We'll Give
45.000 Men Work. 60,000 Men Work.
WE SHIP YOU - FREE TO ONE.
FREE TO-DAY. FREE TO ALL.
Ogden, Utah, All Parts Nevada.
Los Angeles County, Santa Barbara.
Chatsworth Park, Hawaiian Islands,
Santa Susana. Oregon.
San Fernando. Washington.
• Los Angeles County, Central America.
Arizona,- Wllllts, Uklah.
AND ALL POINTS NORTH. EAST. SOUTH.
INCLUDING OGDEN. UTAH.
. Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fence
builders, drillers, single, double and machine
men, corner and bench hands, muckers,
chuck tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, la-
borers, track men. cooks, waiters, engineers,
blacksmiths, etc., $5, $4, $3 60, $3, $2 60 and
$2 a day.
FREE FARE. FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
Everybody Talking. Thousands Going.
ARE YOU? ARE, YOU? ARE YOU?
MUURAY & READY.
634 and 638 aay st
WHAT IS IT? .
NEW RAILROAD WORK.
155 ITALIANS. FREE FARE.
165 , GREEKS, FREE FARK.
155 AUSTRIAN'S. FREE FARE.
Board' yourselves. Managers at our office.
See them.
MURRAY & READY. 634-<C6 Clay st
GOLD. SILVER.
COPPER, COAL. ETC.
156 miners, single and double hand, machine
• men, muckers, tlmbermen, furnacemen, etc..
$90, $85, $75 and found.
386 laborers (no experience required), $60
and $75.
Fares from $1 60 to $5. Many managers at
our office.
TUNNELS, QUARRIES. .
186 drillers, hammers men, laborers, $00, $73
and $60.
THEY WANT YOU.
12 laborers for mine, no experience wanted,
$42 and found; fare $2.
For stables, 12 men. $00 to $73.
For farms, 12S men, j-i0, $35. $40 found.
For orchards, 250 men, $25, $30 found.
For dairies, 63 men. $30, $35. $40 found.
For chores, 36 men and boys, $30, $23, $20,
$15 and found.
For hay harvest, 63 men, $1 60, $2, $2 50
day and found.
36 FRUIT PICKERS, $26 AND FOUND.
LOOK.
30 teamsters, city. $22 week. $2 to $2 60 day.
555 laborers, country. $2. $2 50 day.
Coachmen, gardeners, private choremen.
Married Helj> Wanted.
18 men and wives for mines, ranches, dairies,
hotels, sawmills, etc.. $40. $50, $60, $70, $S0
and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay it
MECHANICAL HELP.
&i blacksmiths. $3; engineer. $3 day.
0 helpers. $2; 12 bench hands. $3 60.
9 carpenters. $3 to $4.
Carriage makers, $4.
12 cooDers, lie barrel.
0 brick molders. $3 5O: iron workers, country.
155 other mechanics. $3 to $0 day.
SPECIAL— 12 two-horse teamsters.
For a large lumber company, manager here.
$60. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT, ETC.
57 cooks, all over California. $90. $S0. $75.
$b0, $50. $40. $35 and found, for hotels,
mines, sawmills, camps, ranches, cafes, res-
taurants, saloons, harvest outfits etc.
19 waiters, $35, $10. $30 and found.
3G pot. and dish washers, $35, $30, $20 and
found.
18 bell and elevator boys, porters, bed-
makers. $45 to $15 and found.
Crisp maker, $10; porter, city store, $40.
Second cook, mine. $40. also waiter, $30 fd.
Steward. $50 found; third cook. Eureka. $30.
21 laundrymen. all classes, $1S week up.
0 bakers and helpers, $35, $40. $60 and found.
12 boys to learn trades.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st
155 COAL MINERS. OREGON— Free fare.
155 COAL MINERS. OREGON— Going free.
FREE FARE, 65 MEN. WILLITS. URIAH,
TO-DAY.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 , Clay st.
FEE $1— THAT'S ALL— $1 FEE.
FREE FARE. 6«6 MEN. FREE FARE.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC R. R. DIVISIONS.
Santa Barbara Dlst. Santa Cruz Dtst.
San Luis Oblsoo Dlst. Santa Clara Dtst.
Bakersfleld Dist. Sacramento Dlst
King City Dlst Alameda Dist.
Soledad Dlst. Paso Robles Dist.
Salinas Dist. Los Angeles Coast Dtst.
Los Angeles Dlst Fresno Dist.
Gulnda Dlst Cordelia Dtst
Madison Dist. " ¦> Farmlngton Dlst
Also Hundreds of Different Places on Their
Divisions on Every Trafn.
NORTH. EAST. SOUTH.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
HUMBOLDT COUNTY, $2 50.
25 laborers to pile lumber, etc.. $60 WAGES.
SANTA BARBARA— FREE FARE.
25 laborers. MANUFACTURING PLANT:
IT'S GOOD. $45 and found
To-nljrht. To Arizona. FEE $1. To-night
SANTA FE. $1 FEE. SANTA FE.
12 splkers. $2 25, 0 hours' work; 12 track-
men. $2 25. ,
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WHERE ARE THEY?
SG LUMBER TRUSTS AND SYNDICATES.
Located In 4 States ,
Managers Here - -..;¦ 2 : -, Territories
FREE— FARE— FREE.
995 laborers, no experience wanted. $35 to
$70 and found.
156 experienced mill yard men. $40 to $150 fd.
3S-1 woodsmen. $40 to $150 and found.
Millwrights and sttckermen. Tallymen.
Spool tenders. . Machinists.
Buckers and trackmen. Line pullers.
Blacksmiths and wood turners.
Barkers and car loaders.
Tree fellers. Jackscrewers.
Log loaders. Shingle sawyers.
Dolbeer loggers. Carriage setters.
Swampers and trimmers. Gang edgermen.
Oilers and engineers. Saw fliers.
Pondmen. band sawyers. Carriage doggers.
Sorters, graders and peelers. Chain tenders.
Shingle packers, also janitors. Chute butldem.
$40. $50. $60, $70. $S0. $90. $100 to) $150
month and found.
3S« woodchoppers. tlemakers, shingle, post,
picket and box bolt makers, tools and pro-
visions found.
Big L \ MURRAY & READY.
Trusts. 634 and 636 Clay st.
SPECIAL ON MIDNIGHT
MAIL. PHONE. . TELEGRAPH
Cook, sawmill, south, few men, $10 and fd.
2 deck hands, dredgers.
Section boss, lumber company, north. $45 fd.
4 gold miners, boss at our office. $82 50 fd.
Woodworker, Fresno County. $3 50 day.
Chef cook, mine, $70; vegetableman mine,
$30. .
BOSS AT OUR OFFICE.
Steward. $60; 3 waiters, same hotel. $30 fd.
3 lumber pliers. $50 and found ; exceptional
good mill.
3 laborers, gold mine, boss here. $60.
Machinist, lumber company, fare $2 60. $90.
Blacksmith, camp. city. $50 and found.
Blacksmith, shop, special good Job. fare $1.
$75 and found.
Choreman. also stableman, ranch, fare $1 50
$60 and found.
Handy man, city. $2 day; 3 waiters, coffee-
houses. $10 week.
- 16 boys and young men about stores, etc.,
$40 and $20 a month.
Picture framer; solderer. $2 75 day; budder,
nursery. $40 and found: 0 butchers, slaugh-
ter-house men $30 to $60 and found.
LOOK— PRIVATE WORK. ; ->v...
12 laborers board yourselves $2 50 day.
VIA SANTA FE TO-NIGHT TO ARIZONA.
2 roustabouts, 50c fare, for dredger. $30 fd.
Furnace men for mine, also foreman. $45 fd
Cook, also waiter. 14 people, free fare, sur-
veylrg outfit. $65 and found.
Second cook, mining town, boss here. $10 wk.
Steward, hotel, mining town, boss here $60
4 laborers, handle telegraph poles. $-15 fd.
Young man. drive bakery wagon, fare 60c
$25 and found. ' -
Stableman, city. dra« stable, $18 we»k.
Laundryman. city institution. $50 found
Shingle sawyer, upright machines, lumber
company, $35 and found.
Painter. Institution, near city. $40 found.
Steward mine hotel, north. $50 and found
8 laborers, free fare, across the bay. *6O.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st '
TRY our mfn's rhoes, union made, at $1 pair;
' foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third st. Examiner bldg.
WANTED — For the U. & Marine Corps, able,
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and ZZi
good character; must speak, read and wrtti
Knglish: marines serve at sea on men-of-wat
In all parts of the world, on land In our 1st-
and possessions, and at naval stations in the
United .States. Apply at recruiting office 40
Ellis st. San Francisco. CaL; 222% N. Main '
St.. Loa.Angeles. Cal.. and 401 K st. Sacra-
mento. Cal.
WANTED— Laborers, drillers, rockmen and
rough carpenters for ditch and Cume work.
Apply at office, Placervllle. Cal.. or room 14,
26 Montgomery st. San Francisco Construe-
tlon Co. _^
PICK hops In August: enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable out'.ng for men. women and
children. Call or write to E. CLEMEN'3
HORST CO.. 122 Battery st. San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
. months to complete and secure positions;
catalogue, and full particulars mailed free.
Moler^ System Barber College. 633 Clay st
BOY in tin shop; learn trade; age 10 years.
633 Misslon»st . .
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia.. HERMAN'S. 26 8teuart st
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army Snoe*
60c up; soling cheap. 923 Howard st. nr. 5th.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40, Phelan
hid*. Past Com. Oeo. H. Thomas PostO.A.R.
HELP WAiTTEP— MALE— Cew.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
52() SACRAMENTO ST.
PHONE MAIN 1131 Cor. LeidesdortC
. STEAMER SAILS TO-DAY TO
ASTORIA OREGON on COMTMBLV
ASTORIA-OREGON-—^ RTVKL
very ;chkapVarb ve11t
STEAMER SAILS TO-DAY— CALL EARLY.
NO STRIKE — — SHIP TO-DAT.
20 more laborers. $31 50 and found.
20 more rockmen, $^9 and found.
NO DISCOUNT COMPANY WORK.
A BIG CROWD GOING— ARE YOU?
CALL EARLY CALL EARLY.
10 coal miners. OREGON—: FREE FARE.
10 coal miners, OREGON FaRE PAID.
FREE FARE to WILLJTS— FEE $1.
FREE FARE to CASPAR ¦ FEE $1.
60 laborers, muckers and tunnelmen. $2 to
$2 75 day. • FREE FARE— FEE $1.
3 beef butchers. $7(> fd. ; 2 sheep butchers. $60
fd.; boss here 2:30 p. m. to-day. SOUTH.
Blacksmith, ranch. $60 fd. : blacksmith.
ranch $50 fd., boss here; blacksmith helper,
ranch, $35 M.
3 water well drillers' helpers. $1 75 day fd.
FREE FARE to— UTAH la UTAH.
' FREE FARE— 9. P. R. R- Co.'s Own Work.
FREE FARE Tr FEE * U
SOO section and extra gang men all over th»
Stat« NORTH— EAST and SOUTH.
Ship At All Times on All Trains.
2 screw turners, mill, $82 80 fd.: full rttght
crew big lumber co. : 8 «buckers. $40 fd. ; 8
swampers. $37 fd.; 10 lumber pliers, IttH.;
10 laborers, Humboldt Co.. half fare, $40 fd.
MINES. ETC.
15 miners, all over. $75 to $00.
Machine miner, south. $9O.
6O laborers and muckers, all over, $60 to $73.
SO rockmen and drillers, $75.
Cooks, waiters, dishwashers, etc. _ "' : *»^-' *. *
Men, Come Read Our Bulletin Boards and
Get a Free List of Jobs at the
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
620 Sacramento st.
M SPECIAL.
10 laborers, near city, board home. $2 dayj
3 farmers, boss here. $30 f d. ; 6 trackmen,
private R. R.. $2 25 day. at
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 pair: foot-form
shoes at $2 50; we pa7 express charges. It
Third st. Examiner big.; catalogue tent free.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st; 15O large
rooms: 25c per night: $1 60 to $3 per week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St. near Mar-
ket — 70O rooms. 35o night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office- for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10M
Valencia st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged. halS
price. 563 Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d sta.
GET your shoes half soled whila waiting: 25o
to 60c. BBS Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AND WAGOX3.
ON account of going to build, entire stock oJ
wagons, buggies and harness must be soldi at
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia st».
RARE chance — t good horses for sale cheap.
327 Sixth st.
ONB flne buggy, fruit wagon, cart. 2d-hand;
new laundry wagon, cheap. 828 Harrison st
Al EXPRESS wa*on. llirht camping wagon
an«t gocart for nwle chenn. Xt2 Mission st
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of bouses to let; send for
circular. G.-H.UMBSEN A C0..14Montgomsry
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN A HOWRLL. 2S Poat »t.
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
PACIFIC ave. — New and complete. This is not
a cheap, old-fashioned place, but the finest
rental property in San Francisco. THE Mc-
CARTHY CO.. 646 Market st. y
A WELL furnished house, piano. 10 rooms;
very sunny: flne location: 1375 Masonic ave.
Apply MADISON & BURKE. 3O Montg. st. '
LOCKSMITHS AUTO EX.ECTKICIANS.
Locksmith and electrical wcrk3; I make and re.
pair anything. E. J.Schnetzler. 118 McAllister.
LOST A.M> I-'OIWD.
$10 REWARD for return of male pug dog a«-
swertng name of Uoaon; lost cor. Webster
and Fell sts. Return to 626 Oak St.
LOST — Plata gold band ring with Inscribed
initials; suitable reward. 115 Sutter 'st.
LOST — Along lower Geary and Market sts..
lady's gold watch with short chain; dog's
head engraved on back. Finder will receive
reward by returning to cashier Call office or
757 Fifty-ninth st.. Oakland. .»-
GOTTLOB SCHUTZ — Your W. F. money orders
found, amounting to $350. Faustznann>
House. 737 H Howard st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old
rold snd silver to rnnk* new wstrT» <•»#»•
MEDICAL.
MRS. Dr! WYETH. specialist for ail femaJ*
complaints; instant relief guaranteed; Sit
years* experience. 723 Post St.. near Jones.
MRS. DP.. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and lrrezularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1003^ Market st. opp. Stn.
DR. G. W. ODONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on femal*
complaints; positively corrected; the unlor-
tunate helped: the most difficult cases treat*
V ed: advice free. Office. 1013 Market st.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladiee'
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care: low fees.
—^ . ,
A maternity villa: private: secluded: confldea-
tlal. Dr. E. Funke. Ulti Eighth st. Alameda.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment 1128 Market st
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female comp.: 23 yrs. exper*nc».
DR. ROSEN, moved to 2095 Folsom st. cor.
26th: relief $10: ladles' exclusive office.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 313 Powell st. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALM.
BOILERS, engines. 2-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH fc WOLPMAN. 103-197 Fremont st
A GOOD reason to buy diamonds, watches and
Jewelry from us is that you need only pay
a small weekly payment on all purchases; all
goods delivered on first payment Call and
examine our goods, even if you don't care to
buy. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25 Stockton.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? "
Repair it with elaterlte: in rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
SECOND-HAND machinery, boilers, engines,
pumps, water pipe, bought, sold, rested and
exchanged. See Sunday's papers. H.S.WHITB
MACHINERY COMPANY. 130-133 Beale st
BAR and back bar of solid mahogany. 30 feet
long; a first-class fixture at a reasonatla
price. Apply t>t t>18 Third st.
A— Fine suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 30. Orlj-
Inal Mlafit Clothtn? Parlors. 233 Kearny st.
near Bush; open to 0 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— $3 60 DERBY and fedora, hats. $1 73. Po>-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st. near
Pine: open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe. shattln?r.«*ulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. C53-255 Spear st.
$20 CASH buys an optician's traveling outfit.
incl. case & 7 doz. glasses. Montgomery st..
734. room 10.
$5 — SINGER sewlns machine ; In good onler.
1571 Market st.. near Twelfth.
ONE camping outfit for sale: 2 horses, wasan,
and harness. ~'Ui Kolsom st.
SLOT machines: all varieties. Dewey's. $30 t>>
Eureka Novelty Co.. 150H Seventh. Oakland.
MILES of pipe and* fittings; all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 100 Vallejo st
MOVING picture film and -one sUdes. lua
Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E C BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st
All bargains; camp stools and .halm h-immock*.
metal beds. rcattreises.J.F.Hotter.712 Mission
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, movins
picture machines, films. Baclgalupi. 93U Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches.
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st
SAFES — New a%d second-hand. THE HEK-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento »t
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters ; all
makes. ALEXANDER ft CO.. MO Monts/y.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2eJ-band T.ofiag P'c-
tures. BULLAP.D * BRPCK. 131 Kwt «t-
MISCELLANEOUS WA.VTS.
T1LTON wants good second-hand clothing and _
theatrical goods. 154 9th st; tel.Je«*l»2SJl.
$5000 WORTH cast-off clothing wanted; fcifhssi
Dries oald. 322 Grant av».; teL Red 3933.
Here's llsrht on a subject which interests all, '¦
'Tls the value and truth of Want Ads. In The Call.
You will oft hear it asked: "Do they benefit tride?
Will' they .help one to work? Will they bring one a maid,
Or a cook, or a man who is faithful and can
Be relied on to work on a definite plan?
Will they aid one to buy or assist one to sell?
Can one get from them rooms, flats and houses as well?"
V/.-Ts There's no doubt on these things. We sav "Yes" with a will;
The Call's helpful to all; its Want Ads fill the bill.All code books cariiled "In warships have
leaden backs,; to'mnKe them ?ink should
the vessel be wrecked.
'"Swallowed a mouse, has he?* said the
doctor, gruffly. 'Well, go back homeland
tell him to swallow a cat.'^^ ."-'Cincinnati
Post. " ; '
" "Doctor, doctor, dear, my little son Pat
has swallowed ,a mouse. What in the
world. is to be done?' ..*,--•;> \-*-V
The humorist, MarHhall P. Wilder, was
not unnaturally in the best of spirits at
his recent wedding in New York. One of
the things he said was this:
"I am" going to tell you about an expe
rience that an Irishman had with a. doc
ton This will be appropriate, for the rea
son, that my wife. is a doctor's daughter,
and I thought seriously of studying medi
cine in my youth.
"There was an Irishman who rushed
late one night to a doctor's house In great
haste and terror. ..He rang the doctor out
of bed, and: he said, nearly weepins: ¦'¦.-
Tue Doctor's Advice.
The temperature chansea have hren slight
in all districts, and It is generally' below tho
normal throughout the Pacific . Slope.
The following high wind* are reported:
Modena. 30 miles per hour from the soutbweet.
and El Pasq. 3K miles northeast.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. July 27:
• Northern California— Fair Monday, except
cloudy or foggy along the. coast in the morn
ing; fresh west wind. ' .. , — t ¦
California— 'Fair Monday; fresh
west wind. •-.•• ¦--' . ' ' ¦ • . .
Nevada— Fair Monday. j
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Mpnday,
exeppf cloudr or foggy in the morning and. at
night; fresh west wind.
• G. H. • WILLSON. Local Forecaster.
Fair weather : 'prevail* over the Pacific Slope.
The pressure ,has remained nearly stationary
west of the Rocky Mountains. It i.« highest off
the coast of Washington and lowest In South
ern Arizona. .
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
F S K a ?S
. ' 3 -tfi S£ *I 15 •
STATIONS. 5 . J 3 1 3 » % . 7
• #• " o •
c c ; a •
• i -* . •
j n a I ¦ •
Baker 30.00 78 50 NW Clear .00
Carson 29.88 «2 60 W Clear .0*)
Eureka 30.12 5S 52 NW Clear .00
Fresno 29.fttt.100 68 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff ....20.82 82 5»J W Pt Cldy .CO
Independence 2!>.86 W) (54 SE Clear .00
Los Angeles.. 29. 08 76 62 W Cl«ar .00
Mt. Tamaljials30.00 "8 ¦ M W Clear .03
North Head ..:..: . . 5« ¦
Phoenix 29.74 1CW 80 W Clear T.
Pocatello 2U.78 »2 M S Clear .00
Portland 30.12 74 60 NW Clear .0f>
Point Reyes .20.9« 68 60 NW Clear .CO
Red Bluff 2V».8S 9(i 5rt S Clear .00
Roseburg 3O.C« 78 44 NE Clear .00
Sacramento ..2».A0 v 90 MS Clear .f>0
Halt Lake ...29.M 92 6S S Pt Cldy T.
San Franclsco30.02 (S 52 SW Clear .00
S L Oblspo. .30.04 70 4S W Clear .CO
San Diego ...29.96 70 62 NW Clear .00
Seattle 30. 16 .70 .60 W- Clear .00
Spokane 30.00 . 7« 62 W Clear .CO
Tatoosh 30.18 60 62 \V Clear .00
Walla Walla. 30. 0(» 82 66 SW Clear .00
Wlnnemucca .29.00 8S 6ft 8\V Clear .do
Yuma ....29.74 108 72 SW Clear .00
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCICSCO, July 20—5 p. tn
The subscribers having supervised the above
drawing of the lottery of the Beneflcencia
Publica. hereby certify that, the above te an
pxact copy of the -numbers which were this
day drawn from the 80.000 placed in the wheel,
I with the prizes corresponding to them.
Witness our hands at City- of Mexico this
23d day of July. 1903.
. JOSE M. DE LA VEGA, Treasury Dept. ,
U. KASSETTI. Manager.
i JUAN B. CASTELLA. Intervenor.
799 numbVrs ending with 93. being the last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
prixe of $60,000— $'-»• -
793 numbers endinjt with 53, being the last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $2O,0CO— $20.
TERMINAL PRIZES
100 number* from 46043 to 46143 inclusive,
b»ing 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of $60.000 — $60.
100 numbers from 49303 to 49403 Inclusive,
being 60 numbers on each side of number
drawing capital prlie of $20,000— $40.
100 numbers from 6433« to 64436 inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of $10,COO r -$20.
APPKOXIMATIOX PRIZES
(Class "G.")
City of Mexico, July 23, 1903.
.... , ¦ ¦ •>
No." Prl*e.|Nor Prlse.|No. ' Prize.'
.63..,.. 40| 176...;.: 40 250...... 20
306 20| 379 20 309 20
402.,,.. 401 MIS 20 558 20
57U. . . . . 100 - B»5 ...'..; 40 821 ...'.."' 40 "
1061..... 20| 1140 20 14«4.V...: 20
1622..... 20i 15M 20| 15S7..... 100
1006 40| 1H53 40| 1703 20]
1715 20|1884 40 1»21 20]
2130 20(2204 2012244 20:
2342 40| 2349 40 1 2684 100 ;
2740....; 4012051 2013007 40
3C00..... 40 8071..... 20 3154 WOO'
3224 2001 3315..... 20 &T32 20
33»7 20|3428 100| 3506. .... 20
3555 2013579 40 3833 20
3953 40 4268, 40 4438 20
4515..:.. 20 45-J5. 40 4691 20
40 4767 20 4790:....' 40
4816 20 4824..... 401 4904,.... 10*
R010. .:.. 20 5050 20| 5247 20
5383 20 5676..... ' 20 67«5..... 40
6»54..... 100| C051.- 20 «226 20
C200 4016264 40 6275..... 20
B371 2C01 «591 20 6449 20
6510 200 «703..... -40 «766..... 20
«8tti 2«» «097 20 7O»7 -20
7093 20 7206 ICO 7372 20
7439 40 7518 20 7667 100
7783......' 40 7885 20 7WH 20
8998..... 20 '6183 40 8219 40
8255 : lOOi 8366 20 851U 20
9114..... 40[9256..... 100 9291..... 40
9514..... ; 40 9610 100 9708 100
100M) .• 40|10129 40 10157 200
10083...'..' 100110892 . K» 10993 20
11002 201U28 4011164..... 40
11279..... 200 11356.....' 20 11464 20
11737..... 20 11759 100 11782 20
11803 100 USK9 .1000 11878.1... 100
11997..... 2(112131 40 12182..... 20
12233 100 12:513 20 12320 20
12501 ' 20112715..... 2012885...;. 100 I
13003 40,13113 40 13178 20
1 33.W ..... 20 13379 20 i:KW3 ..... y^20
13409..... 40 13496 100 13499 40.
13t»4 ' 20 13761 20 13898 20
14185..... -40 14445 40114447 20
14492 2014497 20|14535 ; 20
14651 20 14771 i 40 14S54 20
14015 500 15049 40 15135 20
15275 20 15508 40 15M1 2W
15567 41)15635 20 1*782 20
15770 20 15834 2016044..... 4t»
10108 500 1«16« 40 16222..... 1WO
16258..... 20 16265 40 1K343 40
16368 20 16376 40 16501 20
16779 20 16794 40 10799 2i»
16809..... 40 10801 . . 20 1692S 20
1(2)65 100 1U982 20 16990 - 20
17047 20 170(50 100 17130. .... 100
17138 40 171!T7 20 17364 20
17633 40 17694 20 17858. .... 2O !
l.SO;{8 20118252.,... 40 1R284 .20'
18387 40I1M61 500 18813..... 20
18847..:.. 20)19044 20 1JHX57 20.
19108.:... 40)19215 20J10224 40
19317 20I1U431 20|1947« 20
19040 20 19742 20 19S40 ICO
19A50 40I20195 40 2022fi 40
20230...... 40I2O232..... 40 2<«89 20
20425 * SO' 20429 40 20577 2«>
20607 20|20ffi»{» 2021015 20
21059 20J21189 20|
21285 4<t *i:«M 40,21403 20
21539 20 21551 20 21602 20
21635 2021674 20 21705 20
21965 • 20 219H9 100 22277 211 j
22336 20 22351 20 22514 10tn> J
22592 20!23O83 4O|23.VIS 20 |
23653 40 23774 23844.. V.'. 40
2301« 40 23962 20 24005 20
24052;.... 20 24097..... 20 24111 50t|
24279 40124433..... 20 24565 IP"!
24«12 4OJ247O4 .'20 24924..... 20 i
25048 20 2RH«0 40 25101 10O0
25390 20|25483 20:25529 20 i
25571 20)25752 20 25775 100 i
257911". ... • 4ft|25S16 20 2S901 20'
26103 20 2WS8 20 26082 20 ;
2G184.. ... 20 263»S 20 26469 2» |
26600 KO2tiG00 20|26790 20,
26840 40 2M166 ' 20,2*97 100 =
27057 2012733d 10(l|272t7 20,
27309 5C(C 274R3 " 100127597 20,
27654 2OJ27714 20 27823. .20'
27»48 ..... 20|2S121 2<> 28705 40
28752 20287M. 20 28764 20
29088 4O|2J>111 20 29154 4V
291K3 <0!r.>251 . . . . . 40!25>310 2<>
294 i> 9-... 20!29487 • I00j20618.\ • .. 20
29865 20 50936 1 00 ; 30091 .;...- 20 ;
30102 20 50108 2O|.10ir.8..-.. 20
30267 20 SK888 40 30:51 « JCO .
30451 40 30*79 20I.1C557 5w!
.",0674 40I30SS6 4030887. ....# 40
31149 20 31323 4ni3l43ti 2(>
31629 1CO!3171H 40731885. .Vi. !"<?
31946 40 32030 2013227.". 40
32373 40 3239« 40132449 100
32466 10O325I19 40|32SKS 40
33051 40 33089 100133117 20
33240 20 33273...:. 20I33.1K ICO
.13538 20:3.'H'.74 20 3.1772 40'
33824 20 :«927 20 3 t2'.*a 20
,11251 40 34342 20 34395 \ 40
34472 4034474 2O|34.«)t . . ... -If}
;«644 2034711 40 34721 40"
34728 40 34772 20(350:11 4f>
3.M49 . 2flOI3315O.'.... 4035104 40
35.-503!!... 40135376..... 2fri54ni 20
35453 , 201SM07 20 .'15305 40
3ob n 4 ... 2035598 100!.158»tO. . . .. 20
35029!.... 20.1(1473 100136737. .. .'. 20
liesss:;:.. So'sSis w,37S4i.:rr. w>
374ai 40M74S5...,. 201.17521 20
37755 20 3M032... .. 100138218 21*
38261....: 100I384M 20)38501 40
38660/.".. 20;.18.V« 4 ""'SII t f .^
38780 20,38810 40 :»»54 2O
3<<ev» 20l.1>i982 200[.190H> 100
591 17..... JOO!39lIo - 20J39272..... 40
59341 20130374 1a
30445 20i.1»546 203!>54i 40
39672 10 306WS 20 30727 4J)
SfiSOO 100I39S72 20(300*2
3O07S 20140171 40I4C2OO 20;
4024.'! .... 20 40477 10OJ4CS2R 40,
40861."..! 4040877 20 4C964 40
410W6 4OI41073 £?'\«' or,
410ST. 20141114 20 4118 .0
41277 .. 20U1470 100i414«5 40
41543 ... 5«l|4l7i;9 2014197.', 20
4->CC0 200 42048 40!4'.>07S..... 40
42003 I! 20142237 40 42335. 40
42477 !«H425«9 20 42599. .».. .
42607 .:.'.'. 600142670....: 2<ll42710 40
42804 20 4M80 20J43011 2|J
4M21 20 4SOM 20!43(«0 2<»
431M . 100I43172 20I43M5 20
4 : H8O 40 44034 40,44139 40
44141 20 44204 20144282..... 20
44397 100U4458 2O|4447S 40
44389 40 44860 4O]44891 200
44918 20 44934 2O]4.V)14 20
451S2 . 20 45S45 2O|4M7« 20
4540V 20 45516 20146705 20
<5-22"::: *o *r>™ mw&a 20
45<W6 20 4fi010. ; . . . 20|4«OTv8 100
4W03 60000 40111 40 462C0 40
4«2«7 '. . 40U6315 lftoUWfiO 20
J^J,i 20 46925 20'469l1..... 40
4W5.1 " 20 47016 2O0J47C.M ?0
!Vis7 20 47392 20147441 2C>
1US* 2047576 20147612 1/0
47C53 20147701 100147821 40
4784S""" 506U79O2 500147915 20
HI iiili msM s;
;;;;:¦¦¦:• »1 Jasss: 1 »
4^{J 20 4<««i2 2O|1S9*« 40
;^y, 20 4910.1 20140353..... 20000
49476 ::: 2049522 2014952s..... 20
IqtAs 40 497.15..... 20I4SS41..... 40
,5,"." 20 49905 40149923 40
B0111 ' 40150170 40|o0320 20
50492 40 50599 40l50«C3 20
MWo? 100I.W21 40!.W>K8 20
5W7" 40150674 20'50677 40
B0 70 = l(W507.1« 40I5O77B 100
50^4 20IW45 20i509-!2..:.. 10
l,il\l 100 51021...:.. 40151124 2ft
51152 I" lOfllBllM 20|.-.11«t 20
5118ft 200IM217....'. 20151202.:.,. 100
513n« "I 40151377 20IM490 20
k\km 100151667 20 51901 4(t
M05*" : lOOISinSO 40152023 > 20
52^1 40T>2327..... 2C01 52628 20
62('.B7 '. '. 4(H.-i5fi93. ..... Mj527.1T 20
20152946 20153137 20
|$M4 40IM62T 40!M«31 i>0
mSo 1C0I636M 2f'!5.1fi7» 20
tama' ' .. 40i.w*>. . , . . . 4o'msso 20
Kfl44 401MM5.;... ' 20|54O49 40
M*Wr;!; 20'5411« 200'M.132 UO
M387" 40I54S94 2OIM48H..... 20
54585' . 40155025 40!56U4..... 40
MIW'.' .. 100IM2M 40IW2M 20
R5378 !!! -20I554CI 20|5M74 , JO
KpAr, oft.WHW..... . 20!5W7(i 2«J
65623/!!!! • 10015573ft.... . 100|ri574S.... . 40
63897 40150017 20I660M 200
KfllS.V 40156325 20IM46.1 20
66406'! .. 4OI6fiT.O3 40'S6760 40
56S0O 40156S11 201 5.H964 . . . . . 20
67014 20T.714« 40157188...., 40
67281. 2OI57.T17 40I57340. .. .. 20.
676<H ..' JWR7727 20I57031. . .. . 40.
5.^02.1 2015*029 40ISS091 20
68287' 4OI5A649..... 2O|5Sf(»5.' . 41
6Rrt79 ""' 20I5S760 40!58S70. 40
58a-o"; 4f>lrJ»fll2..... 10fllM)O44..... 50
69065 .. 205914ft. » 20I5Q19H. . . .. 40
K ' 20169481 2OI6ft»!>4...., 40
TOM 6 " 2ni.19«43 40'59(W5 . 20
50048" 4O1»WW!7 100160171. ..;. 2l>
eO310'"!! 40160282..... 2ftl«O4!tt....'. 1<X>
Mlii 20lrt0355 .2016nS22 2f)
««o?r, 201flC0C9..... lf!timiO64 20
61097 ¦"'40IK1141...'.. 40IM674 20
ei58o! ! ! ! . ¦ 201617.10. . . ! ! • 2oi«mfi. .... 20
617S4 . 100IB1T91 2O«l«!)7 20
(UfMl""!.. 40lfi2218 401 .
K225O,;.'. 100162315.. :.. 40|H231!Tr.... 40
KM.T0' 40i«2-W4.:... 20IB2H10../.. 40
6*675' " ' . 200,«2«85 ICO «27O1 . . . . . ; 20
«2fl7i!!.. 40 63073...., 20i««164. . ... 40
63279 ... .20iff»02. :..... .20!<BW7 -40
&1C97 . 20i«W700 1(H1!A1S27..... 2ii
ffiS2»''! '!! lOOlMSfli 2<VlttS53..... Ax.
fB«5rt"!!. ' 40104049 1W>;«4128 ICO
64248 . 200i642rt4 1OOI6J.114. . . . . 40
64378 ! 20l«4.1i56 10000164481..... 10©
«4745 '...-. -.•¦•'¦ 20fM83l .'.... '40|- ".
«4888 ... 40;«4fl0». , . . . 4fl «i228 10O
653H8'.... 40165370 ¦ 40;65498. . .. . 40
66617 ..." 206S779..... 200 «5936. 20
fleO43 . 2ft6«11.1 20662S.8..,.. .V)
00.128 ... 406.1355 20|««39«. ... . • 20
««684..... 40|fi66«l . . . . . 2OH6724..... 20
6«72S ..: -2OI««5S2O..... 40166863..... 4d
66862!!... 20167113..... 1OO|67U«. .... 20
TiltM..... 100!fi7192..,.. 40;67221;.. .. 100
67420..... "20'67514 20 67.W5 2«»
07825 10OH7S34..... 20:*iT885..... 2»
C7876.... . JOO«7»79..... 4Oi«7O96.;... - 40
csoio..... 2o;csoc4:.:.. 2o;«8iii.-...." 20
68114....< 20j68524..... 20iC8597...;« 40
NUMBERS
OF THE
BENEFICENCIA PUBLICA
No. Prlie.lNo. . Prize.|No- Prise.
6S703 40 6S827 1OO16OO4S 2t>
8M174 20080198..... anjfflWU 40
OO4S4.;... 40|e»514 2O16O5S7 20
69710 2O0|0U798 100;60S04 2O
60840 20I6PS&4 20;«086« 20
69973 20170016 20170065 40
70071 20170171 500i7C2:rj 20
70684 .20)70587 4O|7O740 20
70807. 20 71152 20171206 40
71239..... . 20!71231..... 20171642. . ... 40
71674 ,20 71855 20171881 4O
72017..... -'20 720C8 40|7319l *l
172304 ¦I00IT2S03 2O|724«7 20
72IH3 20[72««3..... 2O72S.12. . . .. 40
72851..... 40172837 10O|72S9« 40
72080..... 2O|729f»». . ; . . 20J73028...:. 2l>
"3042 20,73053..:.. 20173073 ' 20
73102..... 200173170 2017.1107..... 40}
73221..... 20J7.1220 20|73332 500 1
•73425..... • 40|7351!>. . . . . 2O!7.»B« 20
73705 40|73SL»S 4O';74O21 40
74<M8 20 74043 10O;74.'tl3 20
744TS 20 74501 40,74821 40
j 74858 --. 2>t 74itOO 401741*13 40
75260 20175428 1CO| 75480. .... 20
75«5«9..;.. / 20175680 . 20175770 100
i75863 40|75»4(>..,.. " 20 7CO17 100
'76077,:... 20176143 20i7«150 20
7H17.1 20 7C18G 20176228 100
76300...... 20 7»«12..... 2O|7tJ719 20
7«7.Sfl 100:76832 20 7RS77 20
770S7 20177203 40177431 *0
77526 20177788..... 40:770."W So
77082.'.... 40!7807«..... 4O|7SCO7 4O
78107 20 7S149. 2078t0« 20
78.102 20)1 7S471 4ft( 78559 2O
78739...;. 20 79002 1000|7900l. . 20
79139; .... • lO0;702O5. . ',, . - 20i7»415. ; ..." 20
70545 2OI795S7..... '• 4O,7»«S7 4t)
7979« 20;79»l0. . . . . 40 70919 200
79075 20| , ! . I
tnE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 27; 1903.
11
BAILWAY TRAVEL. :
MOUNT TAMALPAIS JMILWAY
Leave ¥*» Sruaiito f wrr ( : Arrive
San Fran. Pwt «( Mark* ft, San Fran.
Week i Sua- ¦«! " Sun- I Weak"
P*^- da y» jffmW'Kk davs Pays.
f»:4ftA 8:O0a £^10 HToo^ BTTSX
1:45f 9:00a WSHD 12:S0p3:30p
5:15p 1O:00a WmkI^VsV' 3:3Op 5:ft0p
_..„.. 11:30a 4:3S>
l*Jtrixjt<n\y. utw 1Vvtr« iT 9tSr>r,urinl.t. li'"sor
' riCtST I tab Masxkt St^ (North Snore Kailroadj
OmCB ) art Sausauto kmmxv, F»«t Market Sc
AUCTION SALES
fe AUCTION SALE fe
OP FINE
ROAD, DRAFT, SADDLE HORSES
AND SHETLAND PONIES,
Including sons and daughters of Eros (2:29)."
Advertiser CJ:15V+), Richards Elector. Fin*
Draft and Business Horses and thoroughly'
trained Saddle Horses and Ponies. Sale takes
place THURSDAY. July 30. 1903. commenctnfC<
at 1 o'clock p. m.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
24« THIRD ST.
Catalogues issuad at one*.
WM. G. LAYNG. Livestock Auctioneer.
fe &*
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE of Horses. Wa-
gors. Harness. Wednesday. July 20. at 11 a. m.
Arcade Horse Market. o27 Sixth st. JOHN
J. DOYLE. Auctioneer. .
fe S:fe fe
SPECIAL SALE TUESDAY. July 28. 11 a.
m., at 114ft Folsom St.. of 4 horses and cam»
wagon, 2 express horses and wagon and also SO all
purposed horses and a lot of damaged buggies,
surreys and wagons from Studebaker** fire.
EAIXWAY TRAVEL.
California
Limited...
I CHICAGO
|Pj||r^ An Idea! Train
ffe^^pjtl) For Those Who
K~gS^3 Seek the Best.
SANTA FE TEAINS
Leave Market-»treet Ferry Depot.
I I Local I Llm'd I Local I OVrl'd
1 Dally ) Daily | Dally | Dally
i Lv. San Fran.. 7:50 a 9:30 a 4:00 p 8:O>> p
Ar Stockton... 10:40 a 12:01 p 7:10 p 11:13 p
" Merced l:ttt p 1:R5 p 1:2S a
" Fresno 2:40 p 3:20 p 3:13*
" Hanford .. 4:58 p 4:07 p 7:30 a,
" Vlsalla.... 4:55 p 4:4S p 5:00 *
" Baker»fleld 7:13 p 6:00 p 7:33 a.
" Kansas City 2:33 a T:0O a.
Chicago 2:15 p 8:47 p
a for morning; p for afternoon.
7:30 a. m. Dally, Is BakersHeld Local, stop-
ping at all point* /n San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:55 a. m. dally.
0:30 a. m. Monday and ThursJiv Is the-
CAXXTOBNXA LEOITED, carrylny Pal-
i ace Sleeping: Cars and Dining Cara
I through to Chicago Chair car runs to Bakers-
I field for accommodation of local flrst-class pas-
I senders. . No second-claas tickets are hooored
I on this trWo. Corresponding train arrives at
I 11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
i 9-30 a. m. Daily. Valley Limited. Composite
I Car and Kecllnlnr Chair Car between Bakers-
; field and San Frandaco. Corresponding train
I arrives at 11:10 p. ro. dally.
4*00 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives st 11:10 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Daily is the Overland Express
¦with through Palace *nd Tourist Sleepers and
, Free Recllninz Chair Cars to Chicago; also
! P^ace Sleeper, which cuts out at Frtwno. Cor-
responding tram arrives at «:25 p. 13. dally.
• Personally conducted parties for Kansas City.
I Chicago and Eaat leave San Francisco every
j Monday. Thursday and Saturday at 8 p. m.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry De-
¦ pot. San Francisco: 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
! CALIFORNIA N02IWESTERN HY. CO.
; SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
BAXX.WAY COMPA2TT.
Tiburon Ferry, 7oot of Market St.
: saw rsAzrcxsco to saw b afasx.
1 WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:CU. 8:00. 11:00 a. m.:
12:35. 2:30. 3:40. S:10. 5:30. 6:30 and 11:30
p. m. •
1 Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:3'. p. m.
1 SUNDAYS — 7:30, 8:00, 0:30. U:0Oa. m.; 1:30,
i 2:30. 3:40. 5:10, 6:30, 11:30 p. m.
! SAW SAFAIL TO SAH rBAHCISCO.
' "NVEEK DAYS— 6:06. 6:50. 1:35. 7:50, »:2O.
11:15 a. in.; 12:50. t2:©0, 8:40. 5:0U, fl:2t).
6:2.'. p. m Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:43 D.m.
SUNDAYS— «:S0. 7:35. 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:43,
3:40, 4:50. 5:00. 5:20, 8:10. 6:23 p. tn. |Ex-
l opt Saturdays.
Leave j In Effect \ Arrive
I San Francisco. I May 3. 1903. 1 San Francisco.
! Week I Sun^l Destlna- j Sun- I Week
1 Days. I days. | tion. 1 daya. | Pays.
i 7:30 a T:45a 7:43 a
i 7:30a 8:COa 8:40a 8:40a
8:00 a 8:30 a Ignacio. 10:20 a 10:20*
2:30 p 2:30 p - «:00 p «:*>P
5:10 p| 6:10 p 6.20 pj 7:23 »
7-30 a 7 '30 a 7:43 a 7:45 a
9:00 a 8:(>0a Novato. 10:20 a 10:2O a
1 2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:20 p «:2Op
6:10 p 2:30 p and 7:23 p 7:25 p
5:10 pi Santa Rosa.
I 7:30a 7:30a ! 10^*n0:20~I
I 8:0Oa 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 pi «:2O p
I 2:30 p 2:30 p I 7C5 p
; Windsor.
: 7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsbttrg. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle. 7:25 p 7:»s»
i Cloverdale^
j 7:30 a! 7:3Oa! Hopland 110:20 a!10:20 a
' ?:SOni 2::wpi and L'klah. |7:23p|7:25p
..^a, .:.aj»[ Willits. I 7:25 p( 7:23 p
¦ 8:C0a| 8:00 al Camp Vacation. 110:20 a|10:20 *
j 2i30pj 2:30 p| Guernevtlle. I 7:23 p[ 6:20 p
i s : COal 8:C0a| Sonoma. I 8:40*1 J'*2*
5:10 p! 5:10 pi Glen Ellen. l6:00p|«:20p
! T-tAal 7-3Oa! ~"~ 110:20 a]10:20 a
j 2 JSP p| 2 ISO pi Sebastopol. I 7 :25 pi 6 :20 p
i STAGES connect at Green Bra* for San
Qutntin. at Santa Ko*» for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla aad Mark
West Springs: at Lytton for Lytton Springs:
I at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at CJjver-
dale for th« Geysers, Boon«vtlle and preen-
1 wood- at Hopland for Duncan Springs. Iligh-
I land Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs.
! Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett Springs : at
¦ Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs.
1 Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter Springs.
Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley. John Day*.
! Riverside. Llerly**. Bucknell'*, Sanhtdrta
' Heights. Hullvllle, Ott** Hot Springs. Half-
I way House. Comptehe. Camp Stevens. Hop-
kin*, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. Westport.
Usal: at Willlts for Fort Bragg. Westport.
Sherwood Cahto. Covelo. Laytonvllle. Cusn-
mlnis. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer.
Garbenrllle. Pepperwood. Scotia, and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday— Roand-trlp tickets to all pofcjtJ
beyond San Rafael at half-rates.
Ticket-Office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pas. Agt.
IgHpUJlglTO SAN RAFAEL
l^^f^^lSAN QUENTIN,
valley,
BSsmM^! CAZADERO, ETC.
i^^^a^^^a^^l v * a Sausalito Ferry
TL-PPK- DAYS— (Holidays excepted)— 6:43.
i^R £-45 9:457ll a. ».. 12:20. '1:45. 3:15.
1^5 t5*15. &15- 6:45. ». 11:45 p. m.
7:45 a. m- train week days does not run to
M Hl'VT>AYS AND LEGAL HOLIDATS— 7.
«« t«» t*ia "^ t"^0 a. m.. fl2:3O fl:3«t
••35 •3-50 8. «• T:30, 9. 11:45 p. m.
"Train* marked (•) run to 8an Oueatln. Thos,
1 _. r ked (t) to Fairfax, except 5:13 p. tn. Satur-
! XytTOB Satuidaye «»• 3:lft P- "^ tn^ «"
I SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week days— 5:25. t«5:25. 7:40. 8:15. »:3J.
! U:C5 a. bu. 12:30. 2:20. »:43. 4:50. 5^JO. 6:43.
t 10 6UNDAYS— 6:13. 7:35. »:10. 8:40. J10:33.
¦tll'45 a n,.. 12:50. 2:80. t3:23. 4:40. t3:5U.
I «-65 7:35. 10:20 o. m.
Tralna marked <t) "tart from San Quentm.
FROM MILL VALLET TO 8AN FRAN-
1 CISCO— Week days-5:45. 6:40. 7:43. 8:25.
3:457 U:l0 a. m.. 12:40. 2:43. 5:13. 5:10. 7:0i.
. l °SUNDA l Y8— 6:35. 7:55. 10. 11:10 a. ra.. 12^)3.
106 "-40. 3:45. 4:55. 6:05. 7:10. 10:40 p. mT^
. .* ! TV THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. as., week days — Cazadero and way
atatlons.'
5:15 p. to., week days (Saturdays excepted>—
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m.. Saturdays— Cazadero and w ay
stattons.
I Sundays and Legal Holidays— 8 a. m.. C*i*.
! dero and way stations.
! Sundays ar.d Legal Holidays— 10 a. m.. Point
Reyes and wsy stations. • •
I TICKET OFFICE— 628 Market M.
• FEKRT— Foot c£ Market at. ' , _}
. MONEY TO LOAX.
A.^A— HEUMAN MURPHT
«01-G02-e0a Esam'.ner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
•Save expenses by dealing directly.
I>tatee, second mortgages, undivided lnter-
assignments of rents, property In trust,
4bci 'cgacies, life estatp? and undivided <3-
ifrest* in property purchased.
Courteous treatmrnt. Strictly cos&dentlai.
When Vou Need Money
P«^. HERMAN' Ml'RPHY.
HIGHLY te»pectable private place to obtain
liljoral advance? on diamonds, jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldvin Jewelry Store, felfl
. :.' . i.< t St.. tcl. Main 164*. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teanrrter*. boardinfr-houscs, without
pocurlty; easv paytnfntti larpcst fcusinesa in
*ij principal cities. Toiir.an. 5-t3 Parrott bldg.
A — 1 Per cent on furniture or pieno:no removal;
no ccmmls-ion; no publicity; ?£."> up: quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Mor.tgoiT^ry et.. r. 7.
MUNiaPAL LOAN OFFICE. J"3 Grant ave..
. LOANS FROM SI to Slo.OOO-
AT c-at rate* on real estate, furnitur? cr piano:
no commission. E. \V. LICK. H«S Mutual
Bav. Bk. bid.. 70S Market; phone Main 818.
:?. F. rusoOL'N-T AGENCY— Loan* to isalaried
people "n their note.
The TOUFLET CO 143 rhrlan bldg.
MONET to loan on low interest; gold, silver.
. .<S:amcnds peerls and precious stores bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
ONE per cent en fu-r.iture: $5 a month on each
(1000: any security. St'2 yinr.tgomery. room 16.
3"i ON lurr.iture & pienoe; 513 up; n» removal;
V. TREMA1N. room SI. 0 Eddy st.. fl.Tor 4.
ALL loass on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. £33 Kearcy.
STAR L r an Co. of Wyoming loans money to
#V.lar>d employes R. 311. ilutual Sav.Bk-bld.
> C^FH locned salaried people on nctes without
indorser. MORKELL. «'» Examiner bid.
A TCEKE rewe fnr » cents — The Weekly Call.
16 r*c p s. in *vrarr*r. tor iml'lne. $1 per year.
MISICAX. ISSTHIMEXTS.
A NVMEICK d good pianos returned from
•renter* will be s.tld at greatly reduced prices.
Among these ir-struments are several of th*
eadinsr makes. Other bargains:
. ;; Chickerir.£« $150. $1S3. $235
1 .-.-... wtlaut upright, celluloid keys..jr.s
i Brcerson $1*5. J215
• steinway J1S5. $»v»
4 Heine 1035 to *393
;2 »quarts $15 to $170
ji> < rfc-ar.s. $10 to $75
Bents $2 us. allowed on purchase; Install-
rrents $* up; piano-player* from $1*0 up; new
ptaoot from $117 uo. HEINE PIANO CO..
•j:^-^:!7 Geary «.; phone Main 5744.
t-TEINWAY uprUcht. left by private party.
rX-' 1 : rreat barsatn. 237 Geary *t.
A FEW gaol upright pianos from $70. comprli-
ing Vose. Sterling. Jarobson. Schwechtea.
Sherwood. Weser, Marshall & Wendell.
Uatnes, Everett and ethers; ea*y naymenta.
' KENJ. CURTAZ & SON. l«-20 OFarrell st.
No hrar.che* 5n San Francisco.
A BAVMEISTER or Pchubert riano is a ro-vI
om to buy. You eet full value for every dol-
• !ar invested. Our term* ere easy and the
r;J<-e« lew. THE ZENO MACVA1S CO.. 7«E»
'. Market St.
BAND lcstruments; P. Besson. Paris, maker.
Ous Maiwtld. Agt. Pac. Coast. C7S O'Farrell:
¦-...':: repairing: 2d-hand instramecti so!i.
ITsrn'.ly sailing lit Australia offers at sacrifice
handsome Steinway upright piana 51t> Eddy.
. ZITHERS, musio. strings, etc. Max Maier,
Teacher cf Zither, "04 A Turk st.
.KuR saJf — A fine square piano cheap. 1123
Sutter et.
BEAUTIFUL 3-peds.I Steinway upright piano;
perfect order: sacr'.are. Kceffe'f.2S5 O'Farrell.
BUY direct !ron the factory and sav« 50 per
cent HOnXUNG. 216 McAllister *t.
?;OKI.ER &. CHASE. 30 O'Ksrrel! «t.; largsat
ar.d eldest piano bouse.
* HKST rer.tins piano In city for $3 per month.
SCOTT- t;U.KTAZ PIANC/^O.. &C0 Hayes st.
BAr.GAIN: cod upright: must be sold a:
race. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister «t-
t-CHMEK. Byron KaBXT Plence. CeciUan piano
player. BYRON MAUZT. 3CS-312 Post st.
tl'PERIOR violins, zither*, old and new. H.
MITLER, n-.aker. repairer. 2 Latf-am place.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The ¦Weekly
Call. 1(» paces, sent to any adders* in the
T'r.iteri «tEte» or Canada <^ne vear for $1.
IjV ES_ A \D MIXIAC.
WITTD * nilMTI amount of capital to locate
And rc-cord imnwnw copper . r ;.-..-!t:..n in
Shasia County; goo-i indui-etnent» to right
« pa.-'ies. IkX i2V*. Call office.
OFFICES AND STOIIBS TO LET.
STORE with large basement; rear Kearcy st.
5re cmrer. CM Cltr tl . room 1.
HEHSOSA1.S.
A— *"ACIAL BLEMIEHE8 EEMOVED.
W f.r.klef. |»ltow and ftabbr skin, birthmarks,
-r:.a!lj'cx |i;ttin^s «r.d scars scientifically re-
1 mfn-^,j without cuttinjr.massaBe.electricity or
medicine; ixcxsj demonstrations thi* u»-ek.
Oil or write Vli. L. WILJ^IAMS. S71 Geary.
>'.... :-. ; :¦ r.. op.un; ar.d laudanum habits cured
st :. r..e by a painless home treatment; In.
c ¦--«-¦: and used by leading tihysicians; corre.
rpondence rtr!ct:y cor.fldential ; tn plain, sealed
ecvclcpe. call or write to-duy. India Drug
Cure. 2C1 Turk «t. ; Bruce D. Klroml*. Mgr.
WANTED — 83S> men with ec&lp diseases; lot*
cf hair and taliness prevented (can treat by
mail blank for stains); consultation free;
fc:3?> to «. Sundays 10 to 12. Prof. GEO. A.
GaP.LOW. Specialist, room 216, 097 Market.
THE Etar Hair Remedy restores gray hair, lm-
prcvec i*s srowih: etcps tailing, cures dandruS
i:.c itchtsr sc&lp: no stain or stickiness;
tieantei scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' :ac.
cept no substitute. 6tar Remedy Co.,34>&Geary.
NOT bow cheap, but bow good, is the motto of
the B^anufacturers of the Kapld Rotary
BtasGard. the tvtwlcg -machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANF. agect. 1C21 Maiket St.
PHYSICIAN. 15 year*' ei.perl«mee. cures per-
n-.aner.tly mcrthine. cocaine habit. Call cr
address Central Pharmacy, 251 Grant are..
corner Butter «t.; fee moderate.
GILBERT HARKLY of England is requested
to report at the Young Men's Christian Asso-
riation b'.ig.. Kan Francisco; newa cf Im-
portance from home.
REMOVAL Nctire. '
Pacific Envelcr* Co. has removed to 4C1
* Mission street. Telephone James 170.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evening* at Teutor.la Hall. Howard
tt., near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
AT iets than cost, uncalled for suite, overcoat*
end trousers, at CHARLES LYONS'. Londca
Tailor. 721 Market «t.
ELEGANT *ults 03 easy installments; 50 cent*
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket et., between Seventh and Eighth.
SUITS to order on installments. $1 per week,
Keuhaus * Co.. nserch. tailors, 727 -72» Market.
ALL style* halrdres*tnK. 2£c: hair goody; rr.ani-
curing 2£c. G. LEDERER, 123 Etocktan st.
TAILOR-MADE suit $T tO; <Sre#» panU $2 60.
Mlfgt Ctcthlng Parlor, cor. Bush and Du pon t.
61.PERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle. Dr.&Mrs.Traverse.llTOMarket.
MA6QUERADE roetumes, play books, wigs,
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna raetorea gray
5.3 t to its natural color: $1: at ail druggists.
Superfluous hair «V moles rrmovci with elee-
trle needle. Mra. ft Miss Eaton. 1116 Sutt-r.
VAP.ICOEE veins and catarrh cured at home,
. Call or write fcr testimonials. Dr. WILL.
tave rn . \tn o»»rv *t . B. r.
PaL.'JI?T3Y.
MADAM DEVAS. sdentiSe palmist and astrolo-
rlst. Offlo*. 2C Liebes bldg.. i:» Post et.; $1
r>«lm reading a specialty: open Tuesday eve.
PAPEKHAXCIXG. PAJXTIXC. KTf-.
i:OCi:e papeTed. $3 &0 up: tinting, painting.
Hartirarn Paint Co.. 313 3d tt. : teL Main 4H
.FUYMCIAXS AM> SI'JtUKOAS.
DR. C cT O"DONNELL— Offle* and resld'ence^
IC2IV4 Market St.. bet. Birth and geveath.
I'.EMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. aerb doctor;
treats all £iaeaces of the human tody: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 6S7 Geary st.. near Leavegworth.
DP- TONG PO CHT successor to Dr. Ll Po
T*l. herb decter; cures all diseases of hutnaa
by use cf herba end teas. 727 Washington st.
l:l-OOI), tV.'.n end rectal disease* a specialty.
PR. BALL. 10S7H Market st.
WONG WOO. tb« famous h*rb doctor— AM di*-
ea**» cured by Chl»e— herb* ?i#-* Clay st.
AXD WAUIIHOI'^S.
A— EMPORIUM Storage <t Van Co.: fumltur*.
household cooda stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard et.. near Third; phone Orant 161.
P!ERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
f.ce V'. ft t.nd Powell sts.; tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage— Furniture end merchan-
dise. S33 Golden Gate ave.; pbon* East 128.
GOLDEN Wert Et^raee; advances made; 840
Mission tt.: tel. Howard »tl. F. W, Zehfua*.
PACIFIC Store pe and Furniture Movtnr Com-
pear. 232O Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 2SL
2JEKINB Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
tt.; iti. Id&la it 10. £Wj--ic; at cut ratei.
; ; - BAILWAY TBAVEI*
SOUTH ERN PACIFIC
Xratins Ubtr and ar* due to arriv* a>*
SAN VKANCUCO. .
(Malm Line. Foot of Market Street )
t»ATB — F»OM Jg»B 11. liOt AKMTJ
" 7.00a Beotrl*, Balaun, Elmira tad 8*era-
¦jento: 7-2f»
7.00a Vac»Tllle, "Winter*. Rom»ey. 7.2S*
7.30a M BrUnei, Baa Ramon. Vallejo.
N»p«, Csllatoga. Santa Ro«a 8.26V
7.30a Klles, Latbrop. Stockton 7.26*
B 00a paTla. Woodland. Kniclua Landing.
MarriTllle. OrovlUe, (connect*
at MarytTllle for Qrtdley, Ulgs*
•ndChleo)... — ... 7.55>
100* Atlantic Express— Ogden »nd Bas«. 10.28a
8.00a Fort Costa, iitrtlnci. Antioch. By-
ron,Tr*cr,Stocktoo.6acr»mento.
Lo* Banos. Uendcts, lUnford,
VltaUn. rortervllle ««4.2S»
8.00a Port Costa. Martinez. Laihrop, Mo-
desto, Merced. Fresno, Goshea
Junction. Hanford. Vlsalla.
Bakersfleld 6.2S»
8.30a Shaita Express— Dayla, William*
(for Banlett Sprtpga). "Willows.
tFrnto, Red Bloff, Portland 7-13)
830a Klles. San Jose, Llvermore, Stoct-
ton,lone.SacMmento,Plaeer*We, ¦
M sry rrllle. Ca Ico. Ked Bloff. .... 4. A»
8 30a Oskdale. Chinese, Jamestown. 8o-
nor*. Tuolnmne and Angel* 4.2S>
-8.00a Martlnei and Way Station* 8 66*»
1000a V»uejo_ 12.26*
•10.00a CrescentClty Express. Bastbonnd.
. —Port Costa, Byron. Tr*ey. La-
. ' tbrop, Stockton. Merced. Ray-
mond, Fresno, Hasford, Vlsalla, >\
Bakertflrld. Loi AnjreSe* »nd - •
New > Or]ean«. (Westbound at* •
• - rtre* a* Pacific Coast Express.
?la Coast Lln«>.. «1.3O
10 00a The OTrrland Limited — Ofden, ~-
- Denver, Omahs, Chleag-o S .25*
1200m Hayward. JCIle* and Wsy Station*. S.2S»>
ti-OOr fRcrarornto Hirer Steamer*.. til 00*
tiOr Benicia. Winter*. Sacramento.
Woodland, William*. Coluaa.Wll-
low*. Knight* I.acdlog. Maryo
TllJe. Orovnie aad ¦wj (tattoo*.. 10 55*
J.30P nayw*rd.>lle*andW*yBUHon».. 7-56»
4C0f MarUnex.SanlUnioa.V^lleJo.Ksps, _ .
. CaUatoas. B*«U Ko«s... -J'SI*
4.00r M«nlDfZ.Tracy.L»throp.6toekton. 1025a
4.00p Nile*. LlTermore. Stockton. Lodl.. 4-26»
4^0f Uay ward. Nile*. Ir^lngton. Smn I t8.66A
Joac. Llvermore I Jl 1.6&A
6-OOr The Owl Llmltad— Freano. Talare.
BakeiiQtld. Loa Angelti; con-
nects at Saugas for 8snU Bar-
bara.. «I»
tJBOr Port Costa. Tracy, Stockton, Lot
Hano*
tS.SOf Klles, Ban JoreLoenl 7.ZOA
f.00r Unyward.NIIes and San Jots 10iS*
t-COr OrtenUI Mail — Osden. Denrer.
Omana. 6t. Loai*. Chicago sad
East. (Carries Pullman Car pas-
senger* cnly out of San Fran*
cttco. Tourist car and coach
Mtaenger* take 7X0 r. M. trala
: to Reno, contlnnlni; these* la
their cars 6 r.at. train e«*tward.. 4£f»
Westboand. Snnset Limited.—
From Kew York, Chicago, Kew
' . Orlean*, El Paso. Los Angeles.
Fretne. Berenda, Raymond (from
Yotemtte), Marline*. Arrive*.. 8 29a
7X0r Can Pablo. Fort Costa, MarUnes
and Wsy SUtloc* 1125»
J7C0r Vallejo 7.5&»
74J0JT Port Coats, Bentcia, Bulsun, Davis,
eacramento, Truckee. Beno.
Stops at all ¦tatloB* ttst of
Sacramento 7.E5a
•XBp Oregon * C*l!forntft Kxpr«*«— Sac
ramento. MaryiTllle, Reddicp.
Portland. Puget Senad and Zaat. 8-55*
IS.IOi* Bay ward, Klles and San Jo*e (Sun-
day or.ly) :i1-66»
11.261- Port Costa, Tracy, Latbrop. Mo-
deito, Merced, Raymond (to To-
•emlte). Fresno 12-28*
Hanford. Vlfalla. Bakersfleld S-gfey
COAST LI N E (Narrow flange). '
(Koot of Market Street.)
17.46a fianta Crux- Excaratoa (Svaday
only) J8-10*
8.16a Nrwiirk. Centerrlll*. S*a Jose, -.- .
Felton, Bouloer - Creek, Santa
Crn* *nd Wiiy Station*. 6 25r-
tJJ.IBr Newark, Centerrllle, San Jose,
• Kew Almaden.Lo* Gatoc.Telton.
Boulder Creek, Santa Crni and
Principal War Station* 1055a
4-16* Newark. San Je*e. Lo* Oatos and
way autlon* (on Saturday and "
- Sundsy runs through to fianta '
Crux, connects at Felton for
Boulder Creek, Monday only
from Santa Cruz) tS-Soa
-' OAKLANb HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN > HAX CISCO. Jfooi of Market fit. (Slip «l
—t7:» t:00 11:00 a.». 1.00 3 00 5-15 r.u.
Tram OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t«:0O Z3:m
t8:05 10:Of»A.l». 12 00 2 00 4 00 r.». V
/COAST LINE (Ur«a4Oa»g8L
• Cfhlrd and Townaend Street*.)
6.10a 6*b Joae and Way Station*......... 7-30>
t7 CO*. S»n Jt>se and Wnj' Station* 6 30»
/7 00a New Almaden /4.10F
17.16a ilor.terey and Santa Crni Excor
•inn (SuDflfiy only) 18.387
08.OO a Coast Line Limit iff— Stop* enly Pan
Jo*e.Gllroy.noniater.P*J*ro.Ca*-
trovllle. SaltDsa. Sfn Ardo, Pa»»
i ' Kcblrt. Santa lfar?arlta.f<itn Lull ,".
¦ ' obltpo,(pnnrlpal*tstlon*tbene«) ' ' .
Santa Barbara, and Lot An- ' '-
¦ ¦ ,, teles. Connection at CastroTlH* :
i to and from Monterey and Pacific -
Grore and *t Pajarn north bound .
„ _„_ from Capitols and SaataCrnx.... 10-45*
¦ •Ma San Jo«e. Tre* PInos, Capltela.
Santa Cms.PaciflcGroTe.Salinas.
> ' - Ban Luta ObUpo and Principal
Intermediate Station* 4.1 Q»
veatbonod only. Paclfl*: Coaat Ex*
• '¦ »re»*.— From Kew Ycrk.Chl'aro, '
i . ' Kev Orleans. El Paso. Los As*
I ._ '' tele*. Santa Barbara. Arr}v«».. t.SO»
10«0a Ean Joie aiu! Way eutlons 1.20*
lUOi San Joae. Lo* Gate* and Way Sta-
tion*...... 6.36P
•1 30r Ean Jose *cd Way Station X7-C0*
zOOf gan Joae and Way Station* ... .... (ft HQa
I^SXOrDei Monte Kxpreva— Santa Clara,
1 ' ¦ - 6an Jca«. Dei Monte, if onterey.
) . Pacific Grove (connects at Santa '"¦-¦
! ' Clara for Santa Crua, Boulder
p"^-_ i Creek and Narrow Gaupe Point*) t12-1 S*
i ciJiOr BnrUBKome. f an Mateo. Redwood,
1 Menlopaik. Palo Alto, Mayfleld.
¦ sionataln View. Lawrence, Santa
Clara. 8an Jose, Gliroy (eonnea> •
. U<ii for Bolllater, Tre* Ptnoe), '
Pejaro (connection for Wa»-on-
rt!le. Capltola and Sacta Cruz),
Pacific Giove asd way statlona.
Connect* at Castrortne for Sa-
llnaij,.,; 10.48*
•J.JO* 8snJo*caM Way Station. 8.96a
oIbXOP Sao Jo«*. (via Santa Clara) Let
(jatoa, "Wright and Principal Way
• Station*... ....¦......;'... fSOOa
*iH§ r ?»nJ°»««»o:PTtnefparvrayStatl«B* tSiOO*
•tfi.i&r 8*Dklateo.Bereaford.Belmoot.8as ¦
Carle*. Redwood, Fair Oaks.
UenlePark. Palo Alto... t8-48*
. .' |.2Gr 6«n Joae and Way Button*. 8^36a
I «7X0i- 8ot)*et Limited. Enitbonnd.— S»d
Lola Obttpo. Fanta Barbara, Lo*
Angeie*. hemlnir. El Paso. Xew
. Orlean*. New York. (Westbound
a Bnm - t J ril 7, <f * Tt »§-"Jt»fJnlnVaUcy)... v828a
«'£8*£ al ? Alt0 andWayStallon* 10.18a
"1130J Mlllbrae, Palo AHo and Way Stv lw * 1 "
• \ tion* .......... ts dS>
•HJSOyUlllbrae, San jo'te" 'and'way'stv I "'* 0 *
' tlo »< tBASr
* k.*. 1 ?" MwiBg. p for Aftereoo*.
X eatnrday and Sunday ooly.
< Stop* tt al) ktatloci on Sunday.
1 Sunday exeepted. t Eundaj only,
v 6 Saturday ooly.
« Connect* at Go*ben Jc. with train* for Hinfard.
ViMlla. At Ftomio. for VtaallaTla Sangar.
«V1» Coaat Line. J Tuesday and Friday, r.
, m Arrive via X lies, it Daily except Saturday.
v Via Ban Joaquin Valley. ..... .
• Stop* Santa Clara aoath bound only. Countess.
! except Sunday, for all polnta NarroV fisan. V^
MTinmm **t .ton m* 1T-1^--«- o. " .^^ •
ROOMS TO J.ET — Knrn. and llntorB.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day. week, mv
O'FARRELL, 871— Newly furn. sunny rms.,
central; Quiet; tel.; baths; moderate.
PAGE. 15, Ardell— Furnished rooms. $1. $1 25,
$1 50 week; front housekeeping suite, $3.
ROYAL House.. 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights.
reading-room, emoklng-room and ladies' par-
lor; room* per night. 35o to $1 CO; week. $3
to $8; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
STEVENSON, 522. bet. Sixth and Seventh—
Large nicely furnished sunny . front room;
grate; $6. '
SUTTER. 1M1— 1 large furnished front room
with private bell and telephone. '
TO LET — A newly furnished front bay-window
room tn new modern flat, with use of bath:
IS minutes from Third and Market sts.; north
•lde of Market; handy to 3 ear lines; must
have references. Box 13. Call office.
ll'HK. 418. Reglna— Beautiful sunny suites &
c ingle; latest lmpts: lowest rates In the city.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy St.. near Market'
—400 tingle and family rooms; 35c to $1
nlrht; $1 76 to $8 week: elevator, electric
lights; reading-room; free bus and baggage.
VAN NESS ave.. 619— Renovated; handsome
tunny furnished suites front rms; mod. conv.
WEBSTER. 69 — Furnished rooms to let.
WINCHESTER" Hotel. 44 3d et.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
S.V to $1 CO night; $2 to $.3 week; elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room: free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore »t.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencia Et.
ROOMS A.VD BOARD.
AMOY. THE 801 DEVISADERO ST.
Strictly first-class family hotel; sapny rooms,
culte or clnsle; billiards: steam twat.
VAN NESS, 1714 — Select private boardlng-
house; rooms single or en suite; desirable lo-
cation; all conveniences of home.
OLD Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church,
with annex. 807 California st,— Attractive In-
terior; exceptional table; free billiard -room.
THE JOHNSON. 605 O'Farrell st Sunny
•uites acd single rocms. with board: rets.
ROOMS AM) HOARD WASTED.
GENTLEMAN desires room and board at $7
per week. Box 42M. Call office.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
THE following children' have been received at
the Fan Francisco Nursery for Homeless
Children. 1534 Mission *t.. since lost publica-
tion of same: Albert Halght. half orphan,
sge 7 years; Martha Slebe, half orphan, age
10 years; RobeK Slebe. half orphan, age 8
years; Flora Slebe half orphan, age tt years.
HARRIET W. MANNING. Secretary.
8I * ECIAL1ST _S.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISE3 in EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham, 204 Sutter st.
DR. CARRIE EDWARDS, eye, ear. nose and
throat. Removed to 423 Ediy «t.
SEW1XG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES
$15 50 drop-head oak, guaranteed: second-hand.
$6*o $15; some nearly new; 60 days' exchange
agreement. Chicago S.M. Exchange, 933 Mkt.
St.. bet. 6th and 6th; phone South 4'i3; eleva-
tor: branch. 2S5 Geary st. : phone Main 750.
STUTTER1XG AXD STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE System School, Van Ness and
Market; positive cure for all. Don't delay.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TY^p1£\v1rITERS^W«'
cell better machines for less money than any
house In the city: rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California: telephone Main 266.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each: get par-
ticular*. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery et. .
2D-HAND typewriters told, rented. . repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 209 San»om*>.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS— Bids wanted — Notice Is hereby
Klven that sealed proposals will be received
by the Board of Directors of the Veterans'
Home of California at room 13, 320 Fansome
¦t., San Francisco. Cal.. ui> to 3:30 p. m.
on MONDAY. Auguit 10. 1003. for furnishing
uniform coats, pants and blouyes for the Vet-
erans' Homo, Napa County, Cal. <R. R. sta-
tion. Yountvllle), for six months, ending De-
cember 31, 11KCJ. Preference' will bo given to.
Koods manufactured In this State, price,
fitnegK and quality being equal, under the
provisions of sec. 3247 of the Political Code.
Each bidder must accompany his bid with a
certified check upon tome well-known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least' 10 per
cent of the amount of hU bid. payable to
i*. Mason Kinne, trea»urer. conditioned that
the bidder will enter Into a good and valid
contract upon notico of arreotance. ae re-
quired by law. The board rt-eerves the right
to reject any or all bids and to ordrr any
quantity over or under the amount specified.
Address John F. Sheehan. secretary OT the
Board of Director* of the Veterans' Home of
California, room 13, :?20 Snnsome Bt.. San
Francisco, Cal. By order of the Board of
Directors. JOHN F. SHEEHAN, Sec.
PROPOSALS for construction of a marine bar-
racks at naval training station. Pan Fran-
cisco, Cal. — Mradciuartern IT. S. Marine
Corps. Quartermaster's office. Washington.
D. C, July 1. 11)03 — Sealed proposals. In du-
pHcaf\ will be received !n the office of the
Acting AEst?tant Quartermaster, Marinu
<"orps, C27 Rlalto building. San Francisco.
Cal., until noon. August 17. lftO.1, and there
and then publicly opened for furnishing nec-
essary materials and labor to construct one :
marine barrarks at the naval training sta-
Uon. Han Francisco, Cal.' Copies .of plans
and epeciflcatlone may be obtained from the
Acting Assistant Quartermaster at the above i
address t>r from this office. The right Is re- i
served to reject any nr all bids and to waive '
informalities. F. L. DENNY.. Quartermaster.
1'. S. Marine Corps. * ¦' . '
OFFICE of C. Q. M.. Vancouver Barracks. I
Wash.. July 22. 11KJ3 — Sealed proposals. In j
triplicate, will be received here .until 11 a. j
m.. August 21. ]Jt<)3, and then opened for the
construction at Vancouver Barracks, Wash., i
of 1 double barrark. 1 guardhouse, y gun-
«heds and 2 workshops. For full information,
plans and {specifications apply to this office.
I*. S. ref erves the right to reject or accept
any or all proposals or any part thereof. En- ;
vf loprf containing proposals should be mark- '
ed. "Propoeali for construction of buildings
at Vancouver Barracks. Wash.," and address-
ed F. H. Hathaway. C. Q. M. , •
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. July 27, J9(KW-Se9leU
proposals. In triplicate, will be received .here
until 11 o'clock, a. m., AUguct 27. 19C3, and
then opened for filling ravine an<V laying
drain at the Presidio of San Francisco, Cal.
Government reserves right to reject or ac-
cept any or «ll bids In whole or in part.
Information furnlfhed on application to J.
McE. HYDE. Deputy Quartermaster General,
Chief Q. M.. Dept. of California.
UNITED HTATKR Engineer Office. ' Burke
Bids., Seattle, Wash.. July 25, IWrt— Sealed
proposals for dredging Grays Harbor and
Chehalts River, Wash., will be received here
until 12 m.. August 25. 1003. ami then pub-
licly opened. Information furnished on appli-
cation.- JOHN MILLIS, MftJ. Engineers.
BIRTHS— M ARBI ft GES— DEATHS,
Blrtk\ marriage and death .notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have th* rame published.
BORN.
BLEY— In this city. July 20, 100.}. to the wife
- of- Simon Bley, a ton.
GOLTON— In this city, July 25, 1003. to the
wife of James Thomas Oolton. a daughter.
~~ DIED '
Brown, Annie L. Wurphy. George
Brown, EMclle 6. Nellls, Margaret A.
Crowley, Grace M. . Ortman. Thonv»«
Donoghue. Michael Pea body, Edward A.
. Farmer,' Mary F. "> RussMl, James '
GardelU. Giuseppe Sands,. EIaIk* i
Goldwater. Amelia Ward. Gertrude M-
Lowry, Russell U. Whlttam, Matthew
BROWN— In thin city, .July 28, lOftt, AnnU
L. Brown, beloved mother of W. M. Starr,
Frank K.. Robert D.. James A. and H. R.
Brown and Mrs. Gratia L. Smith, a native
of Yarmouth, Nova Keotla, aged' C9 years *>
months an-J 22 days. /; ; j.
BROWN— In this city. July 26. 190.1. Estelle
S. Brown, beloved sister of Dr. <\ D. and
• Ada F. Brown and Mrs. •sA. M. Ewlng. '
E7Funrral services Tuesday, July 28, 19o:j,
at 0:45 o'clock, nt her late residence, 027
Valencia street. Interment private.*
CROWLEY— In thU city. July 2*1, 1903. Grace
Margaret, dearly beloved daughter of Henry
E. and Annie T. Crowley, a native of San
Francisco, aged 5 months and 5 days.
If' "nearest the city T^g
I OFFICE'. 916 M^RKEJT sy ,\
I James. McGinn. Henry. Haaaeo. ¦
JAMES McGINN & CO.. I
Formerly With McGinn Bros.. I
Funeral Directors and nmbalmers—— I
214 Eddy st..- Tel. South 676. I
JRCiVO ESTATE— -CITY— IFOttJ^ A J r *g:
11500— PAYMENT on 2 new flats at 3435 Mls-
Fion st.: will pay 20 per cent osi Investment:
2 new flats on Army st., near Mission, and
many others that will pay big interest. D.
COFFIN t. CO.. S303 Mission st.
THE BUILDING "CONSTRUCTION COM-
PANY. 611-512 Cailaghan building, will buy
you a lot and build you a house; small cash
payment: $8 per month pays principal and
tntereet on each <1000 of balance due.
WHOLE block of homes Just started near the
Park on Carl. Cole.Ehrader & Parnassus ave.:
plans, terms, prices to suit; apply premises.
JAMES ROUNTREE & CO.. 137 Cart et.
BARGAIN — Two-flat house, basement: room
for burs* and buggy. 3037 22d St., near
Folsom; g4000; call before 12 m.
NEW houses and flats on Second ave. and C
et. for sale on easy payments; one block to
McAllister cars; prices to suit you: open.
FCR sale — House 8 nni.; high basement; eunny
side HHh. bet. Valencia & Mission: no reas.
offer refused. Stephens &¦ Co., 221 Powell.
EXQUISITE home; 7 r. * b.: near cars: M500,
furnished $6000. MOSSMAN. K5O Market et.
REAL ESTATE Country— For Sale.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargatnt; monthly cata-
Jcgue ?ent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648
Market tt.
ALAMEDA .ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
JUST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR!
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flower* and fruit trees; n»ar
train and *ehooU: only $2K50; lot 75x125.
Nice 5-room cotta«re sr.d bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
Tel. Grand 14«1. 1«X> Park st.. Alameda.
i ?2t50 — NEW house of 6 rooms; just finished.
Fair Oaks st.. E. of Caroline, Encinal
Park Station.
J. H. YOUNG. OWNER & BUILDER.
; 1243 Park st.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
j BUSINESS ar.d residence corner for sale tn
A!ameda: the NE. corner of Central ave.
and Sixth st.. &4 feet on Central ave. by
123 feet on Sixth St.. containing cottage of
! J> rooms, batn. patent closets, etc.. on
Sixth ft. ; also store building on corner with
i ;r-:~F rooms: now doing a fair business; S.
'¦ V. narrow gauge station opposite; satisfac-
toiy reasons for veiling. Apply or address
II C. BALLHE1MER. 601 Central ave.. Ala-
nseda. on premises. V ¦
! f40"0— l.Vi7 PRINCE St.. wear Santa Fe R. R.;
large S-room house ; high basement; eta-
Me; cow barn; 7 houses for chickens; lot
1»><ixi:tf; street work comi'lete; call and
inspect.
W. C MORAN Sc CO..
2131 Shattuek are.. Berkeley.
j |}Q|jo_ HANDSOME, well-built !\-room house;
hirh basement: nice lot: close to cars; $100
rash balance $15 per month. W. C. MO-
RAN. Lorln station. C C. EMSLIK. Ashby.
: BARGAIN— Well-built 10-rootn house; must
I sold: owner leaving.. 2433 Warring Et.
i Mill Valley Advertisements.
I * MILL VAUUBT IlEAL ESTATE.
i LOTS r>Cxl25 at the station en graded streets;
beautiful tree?: charming views: prices very
low; only fS to $12 a front foot; terms, 10
per cent cash, balance $10 monthly: will
double in value: don't fail to see them: over
8«.» lots sold recently; money advanced for
building purposes: yend far illustrated book-
let; agent on the pmund Sundays.
LYON & HOAG. 110 Montgomery st.
I OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
. $3000^-FORCED Mle under mortgage; posi-
tively must be sold at once: 10 rooms: lot
56X11*: sunny frontae": clo«e to school,
churches and local train; Poplar St.; cen-
: tral: very desirable neighborhood; cost
present owner over $1100. . . . . .
! $3000 — Nearly new modern colonial cottage, of
H rooms, high basement, brick foundation,
porcelain hath, ranltary plumbing; all in
fin» condition; lot &0xl40 (note the size);
street work all done; stone sidewalks laid;
open lawn; choice residence location, near
Grove st.: fine barn, rravel driveway,
carden and a few fruit tr*es; must be
sold: owner away; cannot -be duplicated at
f the price; munt be seen to he appreciated;
terms of i>ayment If de*lred. . •-. .
' $100 down, balance like rent; new colonial
house of H rooms and bath; Juft com-
-ijleted: town in front; 3 feot above
htreet srade; Merrlmac or 2Sth St., near
Grove.
Send for new iirinted 8-page catalogue.
GEORGE W. ATSTIN.
1002 Broadwa3\ Oakland.
$SrX>rt— a FIRBT-CLASS lodging or apartment
hotel. 60 rooms; fine corner; central; doing a
paying business from $.100 to $GO0 net per
month; any parties meaning business we will
si, '.vi the property: if not as represented pay
any expanses incurred; must be cold op ac-
count of ill health cf owner.
THE ALDEN CO..
111S Broadway, Oakland.
ALEX. MURDOCK. Chronicle bldg.. San Fran-
cisco for Oakland Berkeley or rural homes.
OAKI.AM) rniMTL'llE POIt SALE,
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furnl- ¦
ture. H. ScheMhaas. Uth St. cor. store.Oaklnd
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT~ Mayflower; cut rates now for summer. SOS
Sd tt.: $5 up; also beautiful room* $1 '.reek.
FELL 228 — Sunny front con. suite, furn. for
houMrkpg; $16; bath, ga» range; adults.
FELL, 1071 — Part of a handsome 5-room flat,
furnished fcr housekeeping.
FOLSOM. $34— Bay-window and kitchen. $3 25
per week. '¦
COUGH 708 — 1 or 3 nnfurn. hskpng rooms;
gqnr.y' corner; quiet: adults: call 1 to 3.
HAYES. 1C56, opposite park— Suite sunny front
rooms; gap. bath: $10 up: »U« alngle. v.
HEP.BERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
houtekeepicg; res ranges; Just newly fur-
nl»he<?. 1S30 Pc'.k «t.
j JESSIE. 3-13—2 separate sunny front rooms,"
furnished housekeeping; $10. $12 each.
MISSION 1917— Large furnished eunny suite
housekeeping; gaa range; other rooms.
STOCKTON. 1206— Model house, newly fur-
nished; front housekeeping roems: phone.
gat, bath. _^
THIRD 415A — Pleasant, sunny front room and
kitchen; gas stove; reasonable.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10M
Valencia *t-
ROOMS TO LET — I'nrn. and Infum.
A.A.— City Room Renting Agency,
1104 Market at., cor. Turk and Market «t*..
Booms 2 and 4. Phoa* Jessie 4471.
FREE FREE
We locate you fr«« of charge
In Room* with or. without board.
¦"*>/.£ Bomtkeeplng Room* or Hotels.
A— HOTEL NETHERLAND ~ EUROPEAN
FLAX 18 TURK ST.. 4 DOORS FROM
MARKET: 260 OUTSIDE ROOMS; STEAM
HEAT AND TELEPHONE IN EVERY
ROOM: RATES 76c A DAY UP; SPECIAL
RATES BY THE MONTH. : -
A— BRUNSWICK Houses 14S Sixth— Room*
25c to II per night. $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light homekeeplng rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st (or No. 1
Fifth »t)— Rooms. 25c. M)c, $1, $1 &0 night;
. $1 f>0 to $10 week: house open all night.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk— 3. « aad 6 room apart-
menu tor hkpg. ; jtrictly mod. : elec. elevator.
A LARGE furnished room for 1 or 2 gents;
bath; running water: references. 889 Post at.
BURNETT. 1426 Market— (old No. 1364)— Fur-
r.lthed room*, cuites, tingle; also furnlshrd.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
fursicbed aunny rooms; price* reasonable.
DIAMOND 610— Two unfurnished rooms; In
rear; $6. >''-'¦
EDDY, 468— Nicely furnished sunny rooms; $8
\ and up. ' t ¦ -
GRAND Southern, "th and Mission— Rooms 50c
to $1 CO night; $2 to $8 week; reading-room.
HYDE. 1028. corner California— Clean, sunny
room; gas; suitable for gentleman; $6 60.
MAKON. 217— Neatly furn. rooms; quiet; re- •
rpectable ;' board optional. Tel. Howard 2090. :
MASON. 303 ft. near OTarrell— Upetain nicely
lurniEbed roozsi. . 1
DONOGHUE — In this city. July 26, 1903, ¦ at
his residence. 2804 Plne,*treet, Michael, be-
loved- husband of the late Mrs. Lucy Donog*
- "hue, and father ¦ of Katherine and Cecilia
Donoghue, a native of Armagh. Ireland, aged
78 years. A member of Gentlemen's Sodality
of St. Ignatius Church. : .
IE? 1 Notice of funeral hereafter.;
FARMER— In -th!*. city.' July .26,-1903, at the
French Hospital, Mary Florence, dearly be-
loved daughter of -Mr, and .'Mrs. C. C. Far-
mer, and sister of Mrs. E. A. Bering and
¦ Eugene -C. Farmer., a -native -of Santa Rosa,
Cal., aged 2U years and 0 month*.
GARDELLA— In this city, July 24, 1903, Giu-
seppe Gardella, dearly beloved husband of
Juana Gardella, and beloved' uncle of Frank
Gardella, a native of Italy, aged 60 years 11
months and ti days.
E7Friend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
July 27. 1903. at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, J 1-13 Lafayette - place, between
Green ! and Union, Dupont and Kearny
streets, thence to Sts. Peter and Paul's Ital-
, Ian Church, where a requiem high mass will
'. be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
¦ menclng at 10 o'clock. N. E. — The funeral
cortege will start from Sta. Peter and Paul's
' Church at .1 o'clock. • Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery; Please omit -flowers. ¦> •
GOLDWATER— In this city* July 26, 1903,
Amelia Goldwater. beloved wife of Marks
Goldwatef,' anil devoted ' mother . of Jake,
Isaac,. David 'and Cecilia Goldwater and Mrs.
Stoke?, a .'native . of London, England, aged
C'5 years. ¦ •• * ¦ " , " '. ." '
LOWRY— In N*apa, July 24, 1003, Russell Rob
ert, beloved eon of John.E. and Phenelia M.
Lowry. beloved brothpr of Charles G., Het-
bert . G. and Forest D. Lowry. and beloved
nephew of D. Daniels and Margaret Wil-
liams', a native of Santa Rosa, aged 22 years
2 months and 1 day.
C?"Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Monday, July. 27. 1003. at 10 o'clock, at hi*
late residence, 015 Oak etreet. Interment
private, Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MUKPHY— In this city, July 26, 15KB, > George,
beloved son of Catherine and the late Thomas
Murphy, and brother of Philip, Frank and
Thomas Murphy, a native of San Francisco,
aged i:l years 1 month and 25 days. - ¦..
ICTRemalns at the parlors of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green, .1171 Mission street, bs-
tween Seventh and Eiffhth. .••
NELLLS— In this city. July 24; 1903. Margaret
A., beloved wife of the late Dr. C. S. Nellls.
beloved daughter of M. G. and the late
Kathenne Reddy, and sister of Katherlne
and Lilian Reddy and Mrs. H. K. Develey
Jr.. a native of .-?an Franciscp.
E7"Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Monday), at 8:30
o'clock, from her late residence, 1027 .Filb«ri
street, them-e to St. BrlKld's Church, where
a solemn requiem hleh mass will be cele T
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 0 o'clock. Interment Holy Cros*
Cemetery.
ORTMAN— In San Rafael. July 25. WO:;,
Thomas Ortman, . husband of the' late .Ade-
iMlne Ortman. and father of Galen B., George
K. and WUHam H. Ortman and Mrs. J.-
Kurham, a native of Hancock, Md., aged 84
years. .'
K^Funeral Tuesday. July 2S. 1903, at
Petaluma, Cal. ; ' : '•¦
PEA BODY— In this city, July 2«. 10W. Ed-
ward A., beloved husband of Pauline Pea.
body, a native of Plymouth. N. H., aged i!9
years and 5 months. (Plymouth, N. H.,
I>ap?rs please copy.),
(ETFHvids'and acquaintances are reepect-
fully invited tn attend the funeral Tuesday,
at It o'clock, from his late residence, 8ITV3
Lombard street. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery. •
RUSSELL— In this city. July 24, 1903, James,
beloved husband of Jessie RusselL and father
¦ of Mrs. Christie of Benicia, Cal., a native of
Scotland, aged 74 jeais 8 months and 21
days. . .
tCPrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully . invited to attend the : funeral to-day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock.' from the parlors of
Theodor Dierks. l>f«7 Mission street, thence
by 11:30 o'clock train to Cypress Lawn
¦ Cemetery for Interment.
SANDS— In' this city. July 25, 1903, " at her
residence, 1404 Polk street, Eloise Sands,
stepdaughter of E. L. White, and beloved
sister of Mrs. G, W. Taylor and J.'R. and
C. F. G. Sande, a native -of- Virginia City,
New', aged 23 years 2 months and 23 days.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully invited t.i attend the funeral .services
to-day (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at.. Zlon
A." M. E. Church. Stockton etreet, between
Sacramento and Clay. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery-
WARD- A solemn requiem month's mind mats
will be celebrated for the repose of the eoul
of the late Gertrude M. Ward to-day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, at St. Peter'* Church.
Alabama street. Friends and acquaintances,
are Invited .to attend.
WHITTAM— In this city, July 25, 1903. Mat-
thew, beloved husband of 'Frances .O. Whlt-
tam. and stepfather of Mrs. Nellie S. Han-
cock of New York City, a native of York-
Khore, England, aged 73 years 10 months and
3 day*.
ETFrlends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of Golden Gate Lodge No. S, Knights
of Pythias, are rtsoectfully. invited . to at;-
tend the funeral ' servicee to-day - (Mon-
day), at 1:30 o'clock, at the chapel of Charles
H. J. Truman & Co., 1000 Mission street, be-
tween Fifteenth and Sixteenth. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by carriage. :Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and' neural glal
Druggists. 60o flask. Richard & Co., 40tf Clay. *
Dr. Mclvor Tyndall attracted a large au
dience to Steinway Hall last night by his
lecture on "The Thought That Kills." As
suming that thought Is electrical, the
famous telepathist demonstrated the fact
that thought is one of. the manifestations
of electrical force, illustrating bis lecture
by demonstrations. Next Sunday the sub
ject of his discourse will be- "Telepathy—
•Is It a Lost Art or a Development?"
Lectures on Telepathy.
William Seaberg, a pointer, living at 244
Shipley street, was held up shortly before
midnight last night at Mission and Annie
streets by. five men, and after beating
their victim on the head the thugs took
ills watch arid chain- and • disappeared.
Seaberg was taken to ,' the.. Emergency
Hospital, where his wounds were treated.
The police have been' notified and are on
the lookout' for the footpads. ••
Thugs ilold Up a Painter.
Don't be cheated. Ask for Bank Stock paper.
If you don't see the watermark, "Bank ¦ Stock
paper," don't take Jtr Mysell-Rollins, 22 Clay. •
F." Johnston, watchman on the Howard
street wharf, saw a body floating past the
wharf about 5 o'clock yesterday morning.
He jumped into a boat and towed the
body to Folsom street wharf, where it
was Identified as that of N. P. Carlson,
carpenter on the bark Annie Johnson. The
body was taken to the Morgue. Carlson
was last seen alive about 3 o'clock by
William Kline, watchman on the bark,
who said Carlson came aboard at that
time in an intoxicated condition. It is
supposed that he fell into the bay. He
was a single man, 46 years of age and a
native of Denmark.
Falls Into the Bay.
H. Digby Johnston, L.L. D.. will give a
lecture this evening at the Men's Club of
the California-street Methodist Church,
corner of California and Brodetick streets]
on "Florence and Her Famous Sons." It
1* said to be one of the products of a long
vacation spent In Italy. Admission will be
free.
Will Lecture on Florence.
Do you wear glasses? Properly fitting
glasses and Murlne Eye Remedy promote
Eye comfort. Murine makes weak eyes
Ftrong. Druggists and opticians. •
Frank Sayer. a laborer employed at
Warren's camp, was treated at the City
end County Hospital yesterday for seri
ous injuries. Sayer. with other workmen,
was at the bottom of an embankment
loading rock when a large bowlder slipped
from the face of the cliff, rolling on top
of him, breaking several of his ribs and
crushing his chest. It Is believed that his
Injuries will prove fatal.
Injured by a Falling Rock,
Mounted Policeman Greggains arrested
an . automobilist for violating the . park
regulations. At the Park police station
he gave the name of Frank Smith,' and
said he was a banker of Stockton. He de
posited $5 ball and was, released to ap
pear before the court this morning.
There was a big <crowd at 4he ocean
beach throughout yesterday and] Golden
Gate Park attracted ' many drivers arid
pedestrians. Several minor accidents hapl
pened, the most serious occurring to Jos
eph Lucier, 64 years of age and residing
at 1317 Folsom street. Lucier was watch-
Ing a ball game In" the park when he Was
accidentally struck by a ball, which'frac
tured, his left leg. Lucier- was taken to
the Park Emergency Hospital, where Dr.
W. E: Stevens set the fractured limb; At
the beach Tommy Marlett, 5 years of age,'
while walking with his father, who, lives
at 2825 Mission street, was attacked "by
a .savage dog. He was badly bitten . on
the \ face and was taken to j the Park
Emergency Hospital, where his Wounds
were dressed. • .....•¦,
Joseph Lucier's Leg Broken While He
Is Watching a Game of v
; Ball. ,; y ' V
Letters and" telegrams received at the
headquarters of the executive committee,
Grand Hotel, lead to the belief that the
throng of visitors in San Francisco from
August 17 to 24 will be larger] than the
first estimate indicated. Dazzling reports
concerning the magnificence of the en
campment have been widely circulated by
enterprising railway representatives in
the States of the East and Middle West.
San Francisco possesses great facilities
for giving food and shelter to a multitude
of visitors, but Grand - Army | Encamp
ment managers must look closely to the
system of assigning visitors to engaged
accommodations.' The crush of incoming
travel will begin Saturday, Augyst, 15, and
continue at high pressure throughout
Sunday and Monday.
The Southern Pacific' and Santa Fe
companies are counting on big. travel, as
they have positive assurance that the
number of Pacific Coast visitors coming
to San Francisco will be the largest ever
handled on this side of the continent.
Bia CROWDS RECREATE AT
PARK AND OCEAN BEACH
THE executive committee and the
several subordinate committees of
the Thirty-seventh National En
. ¦ campment of the Grand Army of
the Republic begin to feel the
pressure of preparatory work. Important
duties devolve upon the committee of reg
istration and information, of which S. D.
Thurston is acting chairman and John
Massey an active member. Colonel R.
Weineke of the committee on hotels and
accommodations finds that a vast deal of
detail work must be done. ." • •
San Francisco, May 24. 1S30.— Wheeler
Martin. Esq., 5 California Street.— Dear
Sir: My family has been using your cof
fee for the past ten years to its perfect
satisfaction. I think 1 know what a good
cup of coffee is. and 1 have no disposition
to hunt for anything better at the price
than I have been getting. Yours truly.
A. M. Ebbets. •
San Francisco, May 23, 1830. — Wheeler
Martin. Esq.. 5 California St., San Fran
cisco.—Dear Sir: Nothing gives me more
pleasure than to add my testimonial to
the delightful coffee that you have been
serving our family with for over ten
years past. The taste and delicate aroma
that it possesses gives zest and encour
ages the appetite at the breakfast table.
Yours truly, John Landers, 1121 Bush St.
San Francisco. June 2, 1890. — Wheeler
Martin. Esq., ij California St., San Fran
cisco.—My Dear Sir: In answer to your
inquiry I beg to add the unqualified in
dorsement of your friends as to the great
excellence of your coffee. I have used it
exclusively for nine years and its delicate
flavor and aroma are a great enjoyment
to the epicure. Yours very respectfully,
Alexander Badlam.
A few testimonials will be shown week
ly from my old customers.
VETERANS WHO ARE ACTIVE
LY ENGAGED PREPARING
FOR COMING CONCLAVE.
The encampment was highly successful
and will long be remembered- by those
who attended. . " , »- -
The last luncheon in camp was greatly
enjoyed by the cadets. Many of their
fair friends partook of the simple camp
fare and enjoyed the novelty of eating
such a meal. Preparations for breaking
camp were under way all morning. At 2
o'clock in the afternoon the ' "general"
was sounded by Buglers Frank Cresalia
and William Buckley. As the last note
of the call was heard the cannon boomed
the signal for lowering tents. ,In an In
stant every tent was dropped to the
ground. All the canvas coverings fell
toward headquarters street. "With great
celerity the cadets folded the canvas and
were ready for the last dress parade of
the encampment. This was an interesting
sight. Thd command, reinforced by the
presence of fifty more cadets who came
down for the last night, marched out on
the Immense field and in the presence of
the largest crowd of the week went
through the evolutions like veterans. The
band, under Lieutenant Williams and led
by First Sergeant Austin M. Morris,
played lively music. When the regiment
marched in review before the commander
and his staff the musicians played "Home,
Sweet Home " THe flag, which had been
hanging at half mast since the death of
the Pope was raised to its peak and then
lowered. The buglers first - sounded re
treat and the cannon was fired. As the
stars and stripes were lowered by Color
Sergeants George Shaw and James Mealey
the band played the national anthem and
sabers were presented in salute. After
this ceremony the regiment marched
through the streets of Santa Clara and
then to the depot, • where the cadets "em
barked on a special train. There was "a
large crowd at the depot, to bid farewell
to the cadets who had made many friends
In the town and vicinity, all of whom
were sorry to see \ them depart. Amid
cheers, fluttering of handkerchiefs and
waving of hats the long train pulled out
and journeyed to this city without inci
dent or delay.
Rev. Father Kenna, president cf Santa
Clara College, presented each cadet with
a badge made of the college colors and
also called J. T. Curley of Company C
before him and pinned a "Xobill" medal
on his breast as a reward for the excellent
work he has done in college during the
past two years.
Tanned by the sun kind looking natty in
their blue uniforms, the membe^ps of the
First Regiment, League of the- Cross
Cadets, returned last night from their
seventh annual encampment at Santa
Clara. The cadets moved out Market
street keeping step to a sjirring march
played by their big band and were greeted
on every side by friends. The boys were
tired and hungry and glad to reach their
armory and be dismissed.
The last day In camp was an Interest
ing one for the cadets and the hundreds
of visitors who entered the lines. In the
morning a solemn military mass was held
in camp. Father O'Ryan was celebrant
and at the conclusion of the picturesque
and impressive ceremonies he tock occa
sion to express the thanks of the regiment
to the residents of Santa Clara for their
cordial treatment of the regiment during
Us encampment. He also showered praise
upon the Jesuit Fathers of Santa Clara
College for the many courtesies shown
the cadets. He complimented Colonel
James E. Power for the able manner In
which he handled his command and kept
discipline in the camp. He also praised
the cadets for the manner in which they
conducted themselves during their stay
in the valley.
Members of League of
the Cross Home
Again.
CADETS RETURN
IN HAP PY MOOD
Just what move will be made by her
pon, George K. Hooper, has not yet been
decided on. It 1« believed that he will re
main with the hotel for a time until the
new management has become familiar
with its busines and then engage in some
other enterprise.
Mrs. Hooper, who has resided with her
family in the hotel for "many years, has
announced her intention of leaving on the
lirst of the month, taking up a residence
in a house on Vallejo street, which some
years back her husband purchased and
remodeled with a view of some day oc
cupying it.
It is said that James P. Donahue was
mainly influenced in his decision by the
fact that he is very friendly with the
father of George W. Hooper, who worked
for him many years, and that Burke was
induced by Donahue to join with him
in favor of the new manager.
The interest of the Hooper family in
the hotel consists mainly In its name and
the prestige which the late major gave It
by his management. The greater part of
the furniture and fixtures are said to be
the property of the owners of the bUild
ir.g.
When the heirs of the estates which
are interested in the hotel property met
to decide who should manage the Occi
dental in the future it is s-aid that Messrs.
Burke of Ireland and Jamrs P. Donahue
of Davenport. Iowa, were in favor of im
mediately giving the control of the hotel
over to Geonre \V. Hooper, notwithstand
ing that George K. Hooper, representing
his widowed mother and his sister, was
ready to take a new lease and continue
the business which his father had built
up during his many years' connection
with the establishment.
This announcement was made yester
day and came a* a surprise to the many
friends of the Hooper family, who were
piven to understand several days ago that
the widow and children of Major Hooper
were to retain an interest in the hotel.
In fact, when the statement was given out
by the representatives of the owners of
the hotel that the establishment was to be
overhauled and released to George W.
Hooper, it was generally understood that
he was acting In the interest of the
Hooper family, but It has since been
learned that the nephew is acting solely
on his own account and that the interest
of the Hooper heirs expires when the new
manager steps in on August L
Although none of those directly Inter
ested in the matter will discuss the sub
ject, it has been learned from a reliable
source that the family of Major Hooper,
after his death, endeavored to secure a
new Uaae to the hotel, but for reasons
which r.o one will explain their offer was
refused in favor of one made by the
nephew, who. for a number of years,
perved in the capacity of steward under
the old and popular management-
Beginning with the new month, the
family of the Sate "William B. Hooper,
•which for fo many years conducted the
Occidental Hotel, will permanently retire
from the management of the famous old
hostelry, which will thereafter be con
ducted under the direction of George \V.
Hooper, nephew of the dead lessee.
News Is a Great Surprise to
the Many Friends of
Dead Major.
Nephew of Late Lessee
Will Alone Run
Occidental
Letters and Telegrams Signify That the Encampment
Will Assemble Here a Vast Throng of Eastern
Veterans—Pacific Coast Travel May Break Records
HOOPER FAMILY
OUT OF HOTEL
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES EXPECT
TO HANDLE VAST ARMY OF VISITORS
RUMORS ANGER
FAIR EASTERNER
Mrs. Coffin Says Report
From South Dakota
Society Woman of Boston
Denies She Is Seeking a
NIGHT COOK ACCUSED
OF ROBBING EMPLOYER
Police Looking: for Carl Peterson,
Said to Have Stolen Money
From Restaurant.
Carl Peterson, a cook, employed until
yesterday at the restaurant of Charles W.
Baker, at 38 Seventh street, is being
searched for by the police on suspicion of
having robbed his employer of $30 In cash
and a f;uantity of cigars.
According to the police the money, com
prising the day's receipts, was placed In
a box and hidden behind the counter.
Peterson, who was on the night watch, is
said to have watched hi3 chance and ab
stracted the box with, the money while
alone in the place. Marks on the safe,
where a large sum of money was kept,
indicate that an attempt was made to
gain entrance to that also. When the day
cook went on watch Peterson was miss
ing, and this, coupled with, the disappear
ance of the money, led the proprietor to
the conclusion that the night cook was
guilty of the theft.
Peterson is a member of the Cooks' and
Waiters' Union and is said to be well
known in the city. Detective Regan, who
Is working on the case, is of the opinion
that Peterson Is the man who looted a
church in the Western Addition some
years ago and was sent to San Quentin
for a term. Efforts will be made to iden
tify his photograph in the rogues' gal
lery. A close watch will .be kept on the
Seattle steamers, as it is said that Peter
son recently carnje from there, and it is
thought possible he may attempt to re
turn to his old haunts.
Mrs. Elizabeth Riker Coffin, a former
society belle of Blnghamton, N. Y., whose
marriage two years ago to Frederick S.
Coffln, a member of one of Boston's prom
inent and wealthy families, was a society
event of importance, is- a guest at the
Palace. ., Mrs. Coffin's arrival follows
closely upon a'story telegraphed from her
former home several days ago to Ihe ef
fect that she and her husband had sepa
rated and that the wife had gone to Sioux
Falls . for the purpose of establishing a
residence preliminary to bringing an ac
tion for a divorce. The dispatch referred
to Mrs. Coffin's operatic ambitions and
told of her first meeting and subsequent
marriage to Coffln in the following Inter
esting manner:
Mr. CcIRn -became- acquainted with Miss
Rlker while she was filling an_ engagement in
New York, and showered her with favors. He
paid for ¦ a trip abroad and secured for her
vocal lessons from the best of Paris teachers.
Then, although he is twenty-five years older
than she. he offered his hand in marriage.
The' couple made an extensive tour of Eu
rope. At Monte Carlo Mrs. Coffin became ac
quainted with the brother of Secretary of the
Treasury Shaw. She became convinced that
she had made a mistake in choosing her life
partner, and Mr Coffln. it is stated, will
not contest the divorce!
F. B Uiker. father of Mrs. Coffin, said
this evening, that Mt was true that his daughter
is suing for a divorce and that he expected
her home in less than two weeks. She will
live with him.
IS NOT SEEKING A DIVORCE.
And now comes the denial of Mrs. Cof
fin, a' strikingly beautiful woman, tall,
stately and graceful, whose every word
uttered in' contradiction to the story pub
lished in connection with her marital af
fairs was emphasized In a dramatic yet
sincere manner. To her, so she professed
last evening, the accounts of her proposed
divorce, as conveyed to her in a copy of
the previous telegrams by her Interviewer,
were startling pieces of news. Not an in
timation had she received during her
Western trip, upon which she is accom
panied by Mrs. E. M. Brooks of New
York, that her name was appearing in
public print, and as she apparently medi
tated over the notoriety she had been un
consciously receiving she paced hurriedly
up and down her room. She frequently
became agitated almost to a point where
a good crying spell seemingly would have
been of great relief to her pent-up feel
ings, and then, suddenly pausing in her
walk, she would emit a heavy sigh and
laugh loudly over what she was pleased
to regard for the moment as a bit of fool
ish gossip, which she was sure had ema
nated from those whom she had regarded
at home as her friends. Discussing the
slory Mrs. Coffin said:
You can say that Mrs. F. S. Coffin of Bos
ton Is not seeking a divorce from her hus
band; 'that she has not been in Sioux Falls
preparing for such a proceedings; that It Is
not her Intentions to bring one and that she
has no acquaintance with a man named Shaw
or any relative of the Secretary of the United
States Treasury.
HAS PARTED FROM HUSBAND.
And then, as some thought of her fam
ily troubles apparently flitted through her
mind, her dark eyebrows contracted upon
her frowning face and she continued in
tones not entirely free from bitterness:
And you might as well state also that Mr.
Coffin Is not a millionaire. Yes, he did have
money, and the members of his family are
still very wealthy, but my husband is not so
fortunate. I never was an actress, never as
pired for fame in that direction, but when a
little girl showed some talent for music, a fact
which my relatives noticed and encouraged mo
to develop. Yes, I traveled abroad,' and con
siderably, but not at the expense of Frederick
S. Coffin. My. uncle. .A. S. Rennie, and it Is
a shame to drag his name into this' horrible
scandal, paid my expenses
It is ' true that Mr. Coffin and myself are
living apart — but what Is the use of discussing
that subect. for It is none of the public's busi
ness. We have been separated for over two
months, during the greater part of which I
have been practically burled in one of the most
isolated and horrid places in the State of
Washington, as. Mrs. Brooks here will testify.
What is she doing with me? Why. acting- the
part of a mother, my dear parent having died
a year ago. Mrs. Brooks has been with me
ever since. "
Mrs. Coffin proceeded to relate how she
first met Coffin at the home of his moth
er and how a. mutual affection, despite
his seniority 'in years, eventually led to
a marriage, which was celebrated in
Grace Church in New York two years
ago, and after reviewing their honeymoon
abroad, which included travels through
all the interesting places in Europe, Mrs.
Coffin referred again to the report of her
meeting with the brother of Secretary of
the Treasury Shaw. ¦ ,
WIFE IN TRAGIC POSE.
She denied that she was ever In Monte
Carlo, although a second later in describ
ing her experience in Italy she shyly re
marked that she had been very close to
the famous resort. Asked about her hus
band's social, prominence in Brookline,
Boston's suburb, which is really his home,
and his habits as a clubman,' the wife
smilingly replied, with a sudUen change
of 'feeling:
Poor' Freddie. No. he Is not a clubby fellow.
He is just a dear old man, quiet in nature,
who has been very kind' to me. He'll be aw
fully wrought over this affair, ¦ but it can't
be helped. Dear me! How I would like to
have prevented this horrible story from getting
Into print. Somebody has made my father
say those things about me — ¦ '
And the smiles again disappeared before
another fierce frown. But in , a minute
she relapsed into a congenial mood
and laughingly referred to gosslpers
as persons without souls. In an extreme
ly serious moment she remarked that she
had^come' to San Francisco with a view
to seeking some place where she might
improve her health, adding:
If it will Interest my friends, or those who
seemingly are taking an unusual - Interest In
my affairs, they may be pleased to know that 1
want to go' to some place where I can obtain
relief from my physical ailment. I will tell
them that I have been planning a trip to Santa
Barbara, but this affair may cause me to
change my mind and return to the East.
That was all that Mrs. Coffin would
have to say regarding her family trou
bles, except when" she expressed a hope
that the press In the East would' give
some space to her side of the story, ."just
for the sake of dear old Freddie."
Injured by Falling From Car.
- Frank A. Lawrence, residing at 208 Bush
street, was treated at the Park Emer
gency Hospital yesterday for a dislocated
shoulder sustained through trying to get
on a car' on Haight street while it was
in motion. He was taken to the hospital
by A. A.Paden, a conductor of the United
Railroads.
A \ boy -named Kaufman Coney, living
at 256 Carl street, was also taken to the
Park hospital. .'•', He was suffering from
cuts on the head as a result of a fall from
a bicycle. Dr. W. E. 1 Stevens attended
both cases. l f.r.'v
Shortall Laid to Best.
The .funeral of the late Thomas Short
all, one; of.' the , best-known members : of
the Gentlemen's: Sodality of -St. Ignatius
Church, was held from the residence of
Mrs.; J. A. Ledden, 1711 California street,
yesterday afternoon. .The Rev. Father
Hlckey, spiritual director of the sodality,
read the. last sad ,'rites over the remains.
Six members of tho Sodality acted as
pallbearers. Interment was made at Holy
Cross Cemetery. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY; JULY 27, 1903.
12
J30LDBERR
BDWEN
Vigor chocolate 55c
Kraft— reg'Iy 65c lb
Todd's Virginia hams —
improve with age — direc-
tions for boiling for the
asking— Maatjes herrings —
a seasonable delicacy— HBhic
Enameled cooking ware —
see display
Talcum powder stins^c
Jeannettt?»—ttg?ly toe
ToMet DSDer— Behsiderm $z IO
12000 sheets— very good— reg'Iy fT 15
DllSt pan-sted edge-regfly 35c 2OC
Dust brush— regiy 40c 35c
Shelf oil cloth— whit» 65c 1
reg'Iy 80c— 12 yds long— 14 bw wW« '
Shelf paper— x pieces 5c
5 yards long— 14 fathes wide
Liquor department
Whisky— O. K. bcnrfco&-3 bets $2
Our old stand-by— • jal g '
reg'Iy f 1 bottle— If gallon
VermOUth-reg'ly 6ec-totUe . 50c
French and Italian •
Gin— Wpnand Fbckink $1 25
Stone jug or black bottle—
reg'Iy $1 50 bottle
Burgundy— *&> vineyard 65c
reg'Iy $1 gallon
Port— Commendador— bottle % I 75
" The ,wlne_of KJng EaVard VII—
25 years In wood— reg'Iy $2 00
Send postal for catalogue
432 Pine 232 Sutter 2800 California
San Franeiaeo
Thirteenth and Clay Street* Oakland
<fl) AUTOMOBILE fift
HS AND DRIVIN6 A4
HEYE PROTEOTORSf J
|- J 25 cents per pair VJ
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiaha Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. 1NVIGORA-
tor and Nervln*.
The mwt wonderful aphrodisiac and SpscUl •»».
Tonic for th« Sexual Organs, for both ••*•». t?
The -Mexican Remedy for Diseases ot th«
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merit*.
NABER. ALFS A BRUNE. A«ent».
823 Market »U. S. P.— IS end for Circular*.)
ADVEBTISEMENTJ *---^
House
Furnishing
¦ • -^L^^ .^•^» t^t^
Extra Values This Week
Commencing Monday Julg 27th, we
will place on sale a large shipment
of NEW LACE CURTAINS in Irish
Point, Arabian, Battenherg, Madras,
Bonne Femme, Colonial Net and Not-
tingham. Our stock of above goods
is most complete, and our customers
can relg on getting the newest and
Lest gualities at the lowest prices.
EXTRA EXTRA f§
200 dozen double 125 bleached satin
damask bleached din- damask Table Cloths,
ner Napkins, 23 inches beautiful designs, size
sauare,yeru handsome 3 yards long and 2
designs. yards wide.
Price $2.50 doz, Price $3.00 each
Regular value $3,00. Regular value $4XE
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
6 OLD BERG
BDWEN
X nn
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Butter— Our quality square 4OC
Tea — Mandarin Nectar lb 45c
Blend of uncolored teas—
reg'Iy 60c lb
Borax soap 4 for 25c
Sea Foam— reg'Iy 3 cakes 25c
Coffee— Pasha blend • 27^C
Crescent blend— 2OC
reg'Iy 35c— 25c lb
Olive Oil— reg'Iy 60c quart 50c
Lucca— reg'Iy $2 25 gallon $1 95
Mackerel-reg'iy «i 25-5 n> pan $1
For a first rate breakfast
CatSUp— reg'Iy 20c pint 15c
Natural and sweet
Gelatine— Knox jfkg ioc
reg'Iy 15c
Tegij special
Bovri 1— best beef 2 oz 35c 3OC
extract— 4 oz 65c 55c
recommended by O. B. <fc Co.
Mush room s-reg'iy 20c can 17IC
Very good quality
Mustard-French- 2 bottles 35c
reg'Iy 20c
Horse-radish-fresh ioc
reg'Iy 15c bottle
Matches— safety— 144 boxes 55c
Saves the rugs and carpets— reg'Iy 60c
UemonS-reg'ly 25c 2 doz 35c
Maple syrup-sa«"'« 65c
Pure Vermont— reg'Iy 75c i-gallon
Buckwheat : eastern-iolbsack 60c
G. B.db Co. quality— reg'Iy 75c
Lentils 3*^250
reg'Iy ?\ lb 25c
OHveS— ManzaniUa quart 25c
Lieht new fruit-extra large-reg'Iy 30c
» Ef9 BBb SSt tS afi tPi BkiBQ
Fretful babies become calm
and peaceful babies when fed
on Mellin's Food. Mellih's
Food nourishes.
A sample of Mellin's Food cottsyou nothin*
but the asking;. Will y#u not then «sx for
It for your baby's sake ?
MELLIN'S FOOD CO., BOSTON, MASS.
g»K German Eye Water, a harm-
les s remedy. 5<Jc; by mail.
V5?Sfc5t$W> G2c - CAUTION— The K<-n-
> MnsSSfSSi^ ulne bears signature of Geo.
9^3^^* Mayerlo, also trademark— eya
„» *-',-. Sl th * cr ° w »». GEO. MAY-
ERLE. German Expert Optician 1071 Market
jtrcet. San Francisco. Cal. Phone South 572.
AD VEHTISEMENTS.
r&gvJ^ L-BSu Vfri iVWfeTTn K9
MARKET
There will be an Interesting sale of all
kinds of eatables commencing Monday
morning:. ' ,
We are popular because we are pro-
gressive. Our aim is to be liberal to our
patrons. •....•'
25 lbs Sprockets cane sugar if l.OO
(With other goods amounting to $6.0<>.)
20 lbs cane sugar...' .. .' 91.OO
<Wlth other goods amounting to $2.00.)
Solid car finest Eastern Ham.lb 14^4c
% car Falrbank's Santa Claus Soap. 8
• bars -."»»•
10 birs Eastern honey roap . .. ...iiCIe
40c and 60c 4 tie brooms,' now ...2.1c
2 solid cars best flour, sack........ $1.05
100 lbfi. $2.05; bbl, $4.OO; 1000-Ib lots..
...;..¦.......... :.fio.oo
9 lbs breakfast food or rolled wheat.. 25c
All brands of canned creams, dozen.. 05c
Fancy canned milk, superior to- Rose, :f
• for ...- 25c
W)c beef extracts, 2 Jars .....KSc
!1 65 cases pork and beans. 10 cans.... 50c
740 cases finest quality 3-Ib. cans peaches.
.pears and apricots, dozen cans.... 9 l.OO
100 per cent cheaper than frrth fruits.
We advise our customers to buy liberally
of, these canned goods
80 sks of 12VjC head' rice, 6V4 lbs..5Oe
3 5c sks table fine salt........ IOc
Dried .fruits, 5 lbs seedless raisins, .. .25c
5 lbs peaches. 25c; 6 lbs apples 23c
14 lbs prunes. 25c; 6 lbs plums 25c
4 lbs apricots. 25c; % gal pure honey.SOc
7. lba pure buckwheat flour. ,25c
25c bottle horseradish or celery mustard..
....:.... ioc
80c quality tea. BOc; 60c tea. 4Oc; 5 lbs..
.....:......: »1.T5
Finest Mocha and Java coffee. 4-lb can.SSc
Pure olive ell pts, 4Oc; qts, 75c; % gal..
.................... .t.fl.23
6 cans Baltimore: oysters ........... .45c
Finest Burbank potatoes, box ,'..73c
Fine creamery, butter sq. 40c; eggs doz.
. .". . .V..:: ., . ,\ . ...,". ,25c
For medical purposes; We keep them ex-
pressly for. family use. Our prices are but
little- If any more than half the price you
; would pay liquor houses and drug stores
for inferior goods:
Jesse Moore A A whisky, qt. ....... . ,75c
Hunter's rye whisky qt OOc
Paul Jones whisky, qt. ............. .'.80c
Old Pepper whisky. . qt. .05e
Marquette whisky, qt ...:. .81.23
Belmont whisky, qt. 4Oc; gal. ".. ...91.5O
OP. S. whisky qt. 4Oc: gal.. . .. 91.HO
Golden Club whisky qf 5Oc: gal. ..91.75
Silver Crescent whisky qt, 50c; gaI.S1.75
Harvest Home whisky, qt, BOc; Ral..«2.OO
Silver Shell whisky, qt -OOc: gal..«2.00
McBryer 0-year-old, qt. 5Oc: gal.. . $2.00
Imported Geneva ¦ gin, pt. ¦ 25c; qt, 45c;
•4 Kal. OOc; gal............. $1.75
Old Ton; gin, pt 25c; qt 5Oc
$1.50 port or sherry/ qt. 20c; gal.', .-.v. 7Oc
$1.00 claret, qt. 15c; gal ..5Oe
All California beers, doz hot. ...... .91.00
We are sole agents for 30 of the largest
distillers In Kentucky and Maryland whis-
ky.: ranging from tt to : 12 ; years old. In
order to introduce these fine " grades of li-
quors the price has been cut one-half. We
give the consumer, the" ; benefit instead > of
the different ¦ advertising : agencies. Prices
for all week as: long. as the different arti-
cles last. -Cut this out for reference.
... Mail orders filled: promptly.' Drop. us a
postal -If yoji '¦ cannot come to '. the ' store.
1040 " Market st., between Sixth and Sev-
enth. •* opposite Jones or McAllister streets.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TEE 8T0XE 07 QUALITY. I
Nothing- but the beet can be obtained at I
our rtore. I
SALMON BELLIES each IOc
F*ln» and Jarre.
MACKEREL ea. 1 5c, 2 for 25c
Barle's Horse Rams! Mustard 2 £* * £
Unpeekd Evaporated Peaches°*/ bs -
MASON JARS P %^ S V ST-
RIPE OLIVES "*q£8£!fc
DATETFaiT fbTlOc
DATES— Stuffed pk?. IOc
SUCHARD'S COCOA * a joe
CLARET gaL 40c
OK WHISKEY
Well accd. Keg. ?1 and 91.
226-52128 Powell St.
Tfl. Main 518.
Goods promptly delivered to all parts of
city. ¦