- TBS * > w»*'*-«r*«
ATcutt — "Under tie Bed Ho"be."
AHiambr* — Mm*. Ifordlcs (l&t*
tne«).
California — "Bodolpa and Ad
> olph."
Central— **TTncl« Tom's Cabin."
Columbia- — "Soldiers of Por
txme. 1 *
Plscber'* — "The P*rader».™
Grand — "Spotless Town."
Orpnram — VandevtUe.
Tie Chut«s — Vaudeville.
Tivoll — Grand Opera.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1903.
PRICE FrVB CENTS.
VOLUHE XCrV— NO. 152.
Continued on Page 2, . Column 2.
shall, to avoid controversy with a pri
vate, have the drunkard removed by his
comrades. These regulations are to' b*»
read to the army : and nary ev«ry four
BERLIN. Oct. 23.— The case of Naval
Ensign . Hnssner. who wa3 recently im
prisoned for killing an artilleryman who
failed to salute- him properly, has result
ed in the Issuance of an Imperial decree
against the mistreatment of privates by
officers. According to this decree an at
tack on a superior officer by a drunkan
private will not In the future be consid
ered an Insult, and only when the person
of the officer is in danger shall be be per
mitted to, use a. weapon.
The superior officer who is so attacked
Killing of an Artilleryman Calls
,-. Forth, an Imperial Decree
Against Cruelty.
GERMAN ARMY OFFICERS
MUST NOT ABUSE SOLDIERS
RENO. NeV:. Oct. 29.— TTv; Overland
Limited No. 2 that left San Francisco
yesterday at 10 a. m. was wrecked n«*ar
Fenelon, Nev., this morning at 7 o'clock.
The Limited was running behind time
and a work train took the main track
and tried to make a siding a few miles
from Fenelon before the Limited was
due, but the passenger train had gained
some of her lest . time and crashed mto
the work train going at a high rate of
speed. Both engines were derailed and
badly wrecked. The passenger coaches
all stayed en the track. A few passen
gers were slightly cut and bruised by be-,
ing thrown from their berths.
The work train was light, pulling but a
few empty cars, and Is s. total wreck.
There were about forty men on board *he
work train, and three whose names have
not yet been learned were killed. Four
were seriously Injured and will probably
die, as they have "not yet regained con
sciousness. The; baggage and * express
cars of the Limited were telescoped and
had not the messengers and postal clerk3
jumped they would have been killed. The>
cars were so badly smashed that 'they
will have to be loaded on flat cars for re
moval. Wreckers were at work all
day. and got the track cleared at a late
hour to-night.
Senator P. L. Flanigan of Reno, Nev..
and Dr.* Patterson, superintendent of the
State ; Insane Asylum at Reno, were on
the Limited, but were not injured, as
they were asleep in the rear part of the
train His
Three Laborers Killed and Others
Are Irjured in Nevada.
DEATH IN A COLLISION.
nouncement that the meeting would be
held on the corner and the crowd fol
lowed Bryan and his escort to the new
stand.
TOLEDO, Ohio.' Oct. S3.— William J.
Bryan w2s to-night ordered off the steps
of the Toledo Postoffice by the watch
man In charge of the building. Bryan,
who was on his way home from the East,
stopped over for the night and late this
afternoon a meeting was arranged and
he was to speak from the steps of the
postoffice. Two thousand people had
gathered and he was about to open the
meeting, when the watchman' qulotiy
went to Frank Niles. candidate for Lieu
tenant Governor, and informed him that
Bryan" could not speak from the steps.
but that he would have to get down on
the curb. Niles at once made the an-
Refuse* to Allow Him to Address a
Meeting' in Front of the
Building.
WATCHMAN ORDERS BRYAN
OFF STEPS OF POSTOFFICB
Will Operate "With. Russia in Far
FRANCE TO TAKE A HAND.
Eastern Mover- ?nts.
PARIS, Oct. 30.— The dinner given at the
ElyBee Palace last night in honor of Count
Lamsdorff was an exclusive affair, the
guests being a few high French officials
and the Russian diplomatists.
The Figaro this morning says it has
reasons to believe that one of the results
of Count LamsdorfTs visit will be that
France will exercise an influence In the
Korean situation along paraiiel lines with
that of Russia and for the interests of
peace.
According to the Echo de Parts, Count
Lamsdorff has practically declared that
It is desirable to cast the entire weight
and influence of the Franco-Russian alli
ance upon the enterprising spirit of Vice
roy Alexieff, whose warlike Intentions the
Russian Chancellor fears more than the
preparations of Japan. This paper also
says that there are reasons to believe that
the Japanese Minister has made overtures
in view of the fact that Count Lamsdorff
and M. Delcasse are considering the
question of submitting the Korean differ
ences to arbitration.
Count Casslni. the Russian Embassador
to the United States, who is now in Paris,
was not surprised to hear that the Rus
sian trcops had re-entered Mukden, in
•view of the conditions there. He said
that the experience of the Russian au
thorities was that as soon as they sur
rendered a district to the Chinese the lat
ter are unable to preserve order; disturb
ances occur and foreign interests are men
aced. The Embasrador added that the re
turn of the Russian troops did not affect
the status of Mukden as an open port in
accordance with the treaty between the
United States and China.
Investigating Committee Uncovers
Traffic in Boys and Girls.
TrrrM-A-KT SLAVERY IN CHICAGO
CHICAGO. Oct. 23.— Members of the
. City Council' b "graft" Investigating com
mittee to-d2y probed so deeply Into cor
ruption in the levee district that they
stand appalled at the result. In the mass
of evidence before the committee Is the
fact, proved to the satisfaction of the
members, that criminal trade in human
beir.gs exists with the knowledge and un
der the protection of the police- The in
\-estigators have before them a state
m*r-t that young girls and boys are stolen,
•old into slavery and held prisoners In
rooms. The evidence In hand is said to
«i»ow that the evil is not confined to a
tuv cases, but that It has been reduced to
ft bus intss.
. The committee has abandoned an the
petty scandals and minor graf ting in the
City Hall and followed the trail that leads
Co the depths of the dens of vice. Several
Dgh police officials are involved, as well
fie officers oh the beat, who winked at
crime and the system by which tribute
was levied upon fallen women and crimi
> nals of dark Chicago.
s
CHTTNCHUS ATTACK RUSSIANS.
2£assacre Steamship Crew and TH11
Forty-Fire Railroad Guards.
ST. PETERSBURG, OcL Z).-The rob
ber Chunchu tribesmen who recently in
trenched themselves at Bodone, a town.
on the Sungacha River. Manchuria, had
previously attacked a Russian cargo
steamer, at j. station on the Manchurian
Railway near Bodone. They • massacred
the, entire crew, and then attacked the
Russian railroad guards, killing forty-five.
Further reinforcements have been ordered
from Harbin to Bodone to dislodge' the
Chuiichus. -
Attorney Shoots and Kills Himself.
BOISE. Idaho. Oct. 23.— James Rogers.
En attorney, shot and killed himself to
day. About a year ago Rogers attempt
ed to dromn himself in Chicago, jumping
Into the Chicago River.
The rest of the report was ¦', the same
story as has already been told. ' Chief
Officer C. C. Bruce's^statcment was prac-"
tically the same as the captain's.
Second Officer Arthur Raven's report
said that he was on watch at 8:3&'o' clock
the night preceding the .wreck, 'when] the
captain' asked him ' where he * thought : h*
"There were five feet of crater in the
hold. I ordered the boats lowered and
put ten passengers, two saiiors. t*e
steward, cook, two firemen, two sailors,
one waiter and a stowaway in the port
boat. The starboard boat was capable
of carrying the' rest of the crew. Hie
chief. officer and myself wero satisfied
that the two* boats would carry all of the
people aboard." - *
At the opening of the investigation the
reports of the captain and the first and
second officers were read. Captain Mc-
Intyre's story was as follows:- "We took
a cast at 4 o'clock, getting seventy-five
fathoms. I then ordered her hauled .south
by east, half east. We struck at 4:10 a.
m. I immediately came on deck and or
dered the mate to put the wheel hard
sport and stop -her. He replied that he
had already done so. I then started her
slowly to keep her head to sea.
ABANDONS THE SHIP.
During a vigorous questioning by Cap
tain j Bolles the master of the South
Portland admitted that he had never
had any regular lifeboat drill; that the
members of the crew had no knowledge
of the positions they were to occupy in
case of sudden disaster: that although
he knew that the ship was. doomed, he
left the deck and Instead of attending to
the lowering of the lifeboats, went to the
engine-room twice to see whether or. not
the ship was making water. The master
further admitted that although .ho occa
sionally had a station drill, the seamen
were not numbered or designated to any
particular station, but had to depend on
the officers^ to know where to go. Witness
also made the admission Chat tha boats
were not fastened to the ship by. their
painters at the time of their launching,
and that he left the shia before ill the
people aboard had gone. *jV
'Two or the passengers gave t-s:lm(>::y
that they saw but little of thecaptnin;
one of them, although he was on the deck
all the time, saw the master bui o-ice.
Both agreed ; that there were not. many
life preservers available for the use of
the passengers, and one of them "said
he saw no provisions put into one of the
boats. Also they stated that the captain
left the ship in one of the lifeboats and
allowed the iest of the crew to look after
themselves. . :
Captain Mclntyre made some damaging
admissions that tend -to place upon him
the responsibility 'for the loss of the
steamer. " :
Bolger. The afternoon was
taken up by the ' testimony of Captain
Mclntyre and two of. tue passengers cf
the Ill-fated vessel— H. Weber and Al
Bailey. ! i
Investigation intc the causes
ff leading: to" the wreck "of " the
0 steamer South Portland was be-
B gun yesterday before Inspectors
of Steam Vessels Bolles and
The testimony of the two passengers
was taken, but. except 'in one or two in
stances, did not prove of much value to
the investigators. Both of .them agreed
with the" officers that the ship was run
ning slowly, as the jar at the time she
struck! was light. Both we're so much ex
cited that they failed to notice much that
was of importance. • Both agreed, how
ever, 4 that there were few life preservers
where the passengers could get them, and
that few! obtained any. . »~\, "
"¦¦ H. Weber said that he . heard the cap
tain order the men on deck," but heard no
orders to ¦ abandon the ship. He did not
hear, any. orders for, the passengers to* get
into the .boats, or. that the ship .was to be
abandoned. "Some .of the people," said
,Weber, "'had : on life preservers and a
FEW LIFE PRESERVERS.
"Then in case of sudden disaster at sea
and the abandoning of the ship the men
of th* crew would not know of their own
knowledge where to go?"
"No, sir; the officers would show them."
/The two beats carry forty-four pas
sengers, why couldn't you ¦ get twenty
two of the crew and twelve passengers In
them?"
"We could if the accident hadn't hap
pened." .. _
"Did you see the second boat drifting
away from the shljl?"
"I did. but was in the water at the
time."- x ,
"How did the boats get loose, were not
the painters fastened?"
¦ "No, sir."
"No, sir; I did not."
"In station drill were the oSlcers and
men designated either by. number or sta
tion In the ship what boats they were to
taker'
"Officers, yes; seamen, no."
. "Did you have regular drills and call
your men to quarters?"
"I did. I told him to keep her running
so that we could get nearer to shore."
"How -long after you came out of the
engine-room-the second time did you go
to the boats?"
'"I had a two, three, four or five minute
talk with the' chief officer."
"You ordered the ship abandoned before
you went to the boat?"
"Yes; If I am not mistaken I gave or
ders before I went to the engine-room the
second time to have the life-raft ready."
NEVES HAD A LIFEBOAT DRILL.
".When did you have station drills?"
"I never had any regular station or fire
drill. I had a fire drill once on the first
trip.- I had been in charge of the ship but
two months."
"How were the men stationed In case of
disaster?"
; "The second officer at the starboard
boat, the first officer at the port boat, the
chief engineer and his crowd at the life
raft."
"How manv seamen were there at each
boat?"
"Two; they knew where they .were
"How did they know?" f
"We swung boats regular every trip."
"Don't you- think; that It would have
been : better to have sent - some subor
dinate and stayed on the deck yourself to
assist the 'passengers to leave. the <Bhip?"
; the ship had been a bfg one it would
have been different, but the engine-room
was right, below,: me and I was 'not away
from the deck more than two minutes."
- "Then : you think , that * it i was " better for
you ' to have • gone j do wn , than : to ' stay on
the . deck and look after the • boa ts and see
that* everything was jail right ?" * J'
"E very thing was going on well on deck ;
the boats were swung out in their davits.'*
. .'.'The i second -time '¦ you .went to theVen
gine-room, did '¦ you \ tell - the engineer} you
t were going to' abandoQ"'the ship?'" . t ¦
"Did you know, before you went down to
the engine-room the'second time that the
ship was settling?"'
"Yes, Eir."
"Did you have -no one you could send
down about you?" • ;
"Yes, sir; I .could have done.it, but I
wanted tosee for myself."
"Did : you not. realize that'. the ship was
doomed before you went down?"
"I did, sir."
EXPLAINS HIS CONDUCT.
"Yes; I called all hands on deck and
gave' orders to the chief officer to get the
boats out. . I. then went down into ¦. the
engine-room a second time. , The chief
told me that ' he had • got a bell to go
ahead. ¦.., He said she was making water
fast. I could see it coming in through the
rivet holes . and seams, j and told ' him to
answer that bell and "go ahead." We got
the ship's head into the sea, which was
choppy, but - we got no headway, as the
engines had but* little "steam. I called Of
ficers Bruce and ." Raven to me and said,
'We'll have to get away from the ship;
she's going down fast.' ", ¦
was. He answered off the Umpqua River.
Captain Mclntyre then asked for the log
book and repaired to the cabin. In a few
minutes he returned and said he thought
they would clear Cape, -Blanco by '.ten
miles. He was off watch when the ship
struck.
On cross-examination- by Captain Bolles
and Mr. Bulger, Captain Mclntyre said he
did not know how many persons were on
the ship, though he thought between'"thir
ty-nine and forty-oneJ The steamer was
drawing: 16.9 feet and was quite heavily
loaded by the bead.- - ;
"I was in my; room when she struck,"
he said, "and knew that we had struck a
rock, this by the kelp around the' ship. I
went down into the engine-room and took
off a plate to see if we were making any
water. There was no water there."
The following questions and - answers
give an idea of the course of the examina
tion and the facts, admitted by Captain
Mclntyre:
. "Did you sound any signals of distress?"
asked Captain Bolles. .
"No: Iihad a whistle that could -be
heard but a very little distance."
"Did you sound for water in other parts
of the hold?" . . .
"Yes," we got ten feet forward; she was
very much "down in the head."
"Did you. give any orders to- lower the
boats?" ; : ." "iil ",
Testimony Before Inspectors Shows That There Were Few Life
Preservers and That Crew Was Not Trained.
THE CAPTAIN OF THE ILL-FATED SOUTH PORTLAND.. WHO TESTIFIED YESTERDAY -AFTERNOON AT
THE INVESTIGATION BEGUN* BEFORE UNITED -.STATES* INSPECTORS OF STEAM VESSELS BOTTLES
AXD BULGER. AND HIS TWO" MATES. I- i . £ . } ' "
District Judge Bowman, submitting
the cases to the United States Grand Jury
to-day, read the United States statutes
bearing upon the subject and urged the
jury to show courage and vigilance In
bringing to light any violation of the law
•against peonage cr involuntary Bervitude.
"Exactly what will result from the Inves
tigation to be Btarted by the Grand Jury
.to-nicrrow It is Impossible to say, but
Federal officials claim, to have a volume
ef evidence against Northern Louisiana
planters and say the practice of hoMing
negroes la virtual bondage is general in
thi* section.
It Is possible that District Judges of
Louisiana will be Involved In
"the Investigation, as they are accused of
"having contributed to peonage by uphold
ing the contracts between the planters
End the negroes.
Negroes having decamped, leaving debts
¦behind, have been brought back and
•whipped at the post. There are several
cf t±.e*e cases from Ouachita Parish.
The condition cf aSairs in Northern
Louisiana has been generally rumored for
MOM tine and even discussed in the
re-pere! Under the system in operation
r.egrces who become indebted to their em
ployers are not allowed to leave until
they pay cr seine cne pays for them, and
consequently they axe unable to obtain
ether employment. In some cases even
their redemption from this form cf semi
clavery by the payment of their debts
ty ether persons is refused and they are
then bound to tciL Newspapers objected
norths ego to the system followed by
scnie planters and called attention to the
fact that many negroes thus treated had
"jumped" their contracts, crossing the
line into Arkansas, where they could not
be reached.
The question now depends wholly upon
the contract labor law, which. It is
claimed by Federal officers cf the Depart
menX cf Justice, ha* been employed by
•certain planters to cloak a form of semi
•lavexy.
"William Pens, a negro arrested for per
jury, previously signed an affidavit be
fore a United States Commissioner __ In
¦which he declared that be bad been b»*t
ert by fcl* employer and held In Docdage.
O3i*t negroes -re *."] to have Uastlfled
that they got into debt. to their employ
ers and were held against their will, ccm
$>c!led to wcrk and beaten when they
failed to do so. One negro testified that
fc<? got Into debt to his* employer aad a
planter in a neighboring parish offere-1 to
pay th* debt If he could procure the ne
gro's services, but his employer refused
to release him.
respect
NETT ORLEANS. Oct. 23.— Tie United
Etatea Grand Jury of the Northern Dis
trict ef Louisiana, began a systematic In
vestigation at Shreveport to-day of the
Charge* that peonage exists in Northern
>-:i:i-i- It now develops that for six
months past Federal secret service offi
cials have been at work obtaining evi
dence. It is claimed that a number of
peonage cases have been unearthed in
Ouachita Parish aicne. A few are. report
ed in several ether perishes north of RVd
raver, and It is said that numerous Indict
ments win be found against those who
have violated the Federal statutes in this
e?*-izl Pl~Ktch to Tbe Can.
The passengers were remarkably cooL
John G. Ryan, a porter on the parlor car,
says he had three members of the well
known .Dunsmuir family on the car and
the ladies were not at all nervous. They
were assisted out of the window.
As soon as It was known that the train
was ditched every rig on th? main street
rushed to the scene and the passengers
were brought to Gilroy. All were happy
that there were -no serious injuries and
"congratulated themselves on their re
markable escape. A special train from
Pacific Grove carried the passengers to
their destination at a later hour.
The coast line trains had to transfer
their passengers and the south bound
were backed up to San Jose. The wreck
ing train arrived to-nlghtl It was several
hours before the train was rtelited and
traffic resumed on the main line.
WOMEN NOT NERVOUS.
Nelson says he sent back a flagman to
warn the engineer, but the latter saya
the. flagman did the. red Sag
and he "knew" "nothing of f_he*danger. .The
train came at the rate of forty, miles or
more Der hour down the grade and was
just inside the city limits when it com
menced to slow up. The fireman, look
ing ahead, saw the rails out of place on
the bridge and called to the engineer that
there was something wrong and to put
on the air brakes. The engineer did so.
The fireman, realizing his danger,
jumped to the ground tjerore the train
reached the bridge. He had his kneecap
Injured and suffered a contusion on the
head. His left hand was sprained.. The
engineer stuck to his lever like a hero
and saved the train. The four front cars
are off the track, but the strangest feat
ure is Jhat none of the cars are com
pletely turned over. The ground was soft
and the wheels plowed deep into the earth
and saved them from going down a ten
foot embankment. The mail and baggage
cars are en their left sides and the parlor
and smoker are on their right sides, thus
balancing. The engine and tender are
off the.track, but did not turn over. The
two rear coaches are standing on the
bridge. The south end or the trestle Is
broken.
FAILURE OF A FLAGMAN
GILROY.- Oct. 23.— The Del Monte flyer,
due here at 5:22 p. m.. was ditched in the
slough in front of the Catholic church,
about a mile from the Gilroy depot, this
evening. Considering . the location and
the rate of speed at which the train was
going at the time it seems a. miracle that
no one was killed and that only one man
was injured and he not seriously.
The train consisted of a mail, a bag
gase, a Pullman parlor car. a smoker
and two chair cars and was in charge of
Conductor Green. The engineer was J.
McCray, an old hand, and the fireman
Charles Dunbar, formerly of San Luis
Obispo.
The bridge over the slough was In
course of repairs. It was too weak to
stand the heavy rtrain and the rails
spread. Piles are being crlven In place
of the old ones and heavy timbers were
used to ballast the rock. The work was
In charge of Peter Nelson, the bridge
carpenter.
Special Dispatch to The Call
The Russian announcement of the reoc-.
cupation of Moukden caused the Japanese
Minister, Kogoro Takahira, little concern,
but no confirmation could be obtained
from him of the report ' that ?a agree
ment had been reached whereby Japan
would net oppose Russia's continuous oc
cupation of Manchuria.
To all outward appearances the situa
tion In this regard is not bothering the
State Department. It Is declared that no
advices regarding the Far Eastern situa
tion have been received there for many
days.
This significance is deepened when *It Is
remembered that Russian Admiral Alex
ieff, at Chefu, was not disposed to discuss
the opening of Moukden as a treaty port.
The question precipitated by the reoc
cupaticn of Moukden Is: "Does Russia In
tend to oppose the opening of Moukden
by the operation of the Chinese-Amer
ican treaty?"
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 29.— An official
dispatch from Moukden, Manchuria, says:
"A detachment of Russian troops entered
the town yesterday and reoccupied the
guardhouses. This action was in conse
quence Of the weakness displayed by the
Chinese authorities, who do not fulfill
their promises, and owing to the general
ferment prevailing here."
WASHINGTON, Oct. 29.— Russia's reoc
cupation of Moukden, as announced by
the Foreign OfSce In St. Petersburg, Is
regarded as one of the most Important
recent developments In the Far East. It
is not reassuring to the United States,
for Moukden and Antung are ports to be
opened when the Chinese- American com
mercial treaty Is ratifled. The adminis
tration has emphatically made It known
that it will not take a hand In the Far
Eastern tangle unless Its treaty rights
are interfered with, but that It will re
cent any effort to close the. "open door"
at Moukden and Antung.
The movement of troops Into Moukden
is especially significant, when compared
.with dispatches from Manchuria on Oc
tober 20, which stated that Russians were
indignant at the attempt of the United
States to make Moukden an open port and
declared that they would complain' to
the St. Petersburg Government «"ri Mouk
den would never be opened.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Parks, while in poor health, seemed to
be full of energy throughout the day's
ordeal. Several times the prosecuting
lawyers attempted to get on record the
fact that Parks had a bank account of a
magnitude far beyond the possibilities of
an ordinary mechanic, but each attempt
was overruled or cut short through the
strenuous efforts of counsel for the 4*~
fense.
Pittsburg. Easton. Chicago. St. Louis.
Cleveland and Cincinnati.
The International executive committee
estimates that 10.0CG iron workers will be
directly affected. This would mean the
throwing out of work of from 100.000 to
15O.0CO and possibly more workmen in
other grades.
The trial of Samuel J.' Parks, walking
delegate of the Housesmiths* and Bridge
men's Union No. 2. on the charge of ex
tortion probably wilt be concluded to
morrow. Judge Newburger, before whom
the defendant has been on trial since
Monday, said this evening that he would
endeavor to bring the trial to a conclu
sion before Saturday.
Parks was a witness to-day. While he
admitted that a good deal of testimony
given by the witnesses for the prosecu
tion was true, he declared that many of
the accusations made against him mis
represented the facts. Two or three
times Assistant Attorney Rand gave hfm
a severe cross-lire of questions, and ap
parently had Parks in an awkward place,
but Osborne and the other lawyers for
the defense were very watchful. ¦ and
their persistent objections to leading
questions were Invariably sustained by
the court.
NETV YORK. Oct. 23.— The threat ct a
national strike by thi International
Bridge and Iron Structural Workers to
force a recognition of local No. 2 by th«
Employers' Association culminated to
day at a meeting of the International and
local committees of the association in
this city in a resolution being passed or
dering a strike throughout tae country,
to go into effect on Saturday in all cities
where the members of the Iron League or
the Building Trades Employers" Associa
tions have contracts.
President Buchanan was In favor of
exhausting all efforts to bring about a
peaceable settlement, but the Parke ele
ment thought this too slow and carried
the majority with them. Efforts are to
be made to bring the new Housesmiths*.
Union of New York into line.
Notifications will be sent to-morrow to
all the locals in cities where the mem
bers of the Iron League or the employ
ers have contracts for Iron work. The
strike will affect the inside iron work
also. The cities which will be affected
include New York, Boston. Philadelphia.
Walking Delegate Triumphs
Over Buchanan in New
York Council.
federal Officers Obtain Mass
of Evidence Against
Planters.
Fireman Jumps and Is In
jured, but the Passen
gers Are Not Hurt.
Move Gives Rise to Fear
That American Treaty
Will Be Ignored.
Bnnaways WMpped at
the Post When They
Are Caught
At Least 100,000 Men
Will Be Kendered
lulu.
Troops Return to the
"Open Door", of
Manchuria.
Engineer Prevents a
Complete Wreck
of the Cars.
Del Monte Flyer
Ditched Near
Gilroy.
Forces National
Strike of Iron
Workers.
Russia Again in
Possession of
Town.
Extensive System
of Slavery Is
Uncovered.
BLACKS HELD
IN BONDAGE
IN LOUISIANA
SAM PARKS
CARRIES OUT
HIS THREAT
FAST TRAIN
DASHES INTO
SLOUGH MUD
REOCCUPIES
THE SEAPORT
OF MOUKDEN
SOUTH PORTLAND'S CAPTAIN
ADMITS ABANDONING HIS SHIP
BEFORE SAVING PASSENGERS
r
XSB w-itATh ma. •—, —
1- v _ >•?•
rcrecast mad* at Cm SToa-
Cisco I cr thirty karaa . *"i **ny
snlAslfffat, October ad^WOS.^^
Sob Frandsoo aad victoity—
r*tr Triiay, beocmlrrg cloudy •* -
sUrbt and pcwsltly ilzfet xaiaj
lirit north em rt winds, c&aa<tas*
to »otLtie»rt«xly.
A. Gh. XCASZB,
District Tonoastor.
The San Francisco Call.. • l ST.jPAUL,iOct.i29.-4Caspar Ernst, own
er/of ¦ a large office ; building, in . the • heart
of i the » city and " who » has . , ranked , hjgh
among ;, local Icapltallsts.^was-Jarralghed
in the Police Court to-day, on complaint of
Rev.^ Father :, Metzlerf of
/Wisconsin .Roman \ Catholic \ Church, who
alleges I that Ernst embezzled ' $700 intrust
ed •; to •¦ his ''• care. ¦ Ernst " was l admitted ¦ to
baiL=*. '.."; - ' i
Accuse s Capitalist ' of ' Embezzlement.
BASALT, Colo]; Oct. 29.— Four»Mexicana
accompanying a ear of cattle from Thom
nsvllle, L'tnh. attacked ." Mrs. 'John \; H.
Shepherd, wife of a Colorado Midland en
gineer, last .night "1 She r ; fought A the; men
off,; ran '• home . ; and procured a ri revolver
and " shot 'Josef Chacon • and': his „ son v An
tonio. ; ; ' It * is i believed " tho j elder ¦? Chac<Tn
will . die. '-,¦'¦ The". four men S were .arrested
end rare threatened with * lynching.: ,¦ r
Woman Battles With Four Men.
great many more had none. Wehad^not
a drop of water nor any provisions on the
life raft that ; I was . on. . I . saw the first
mate helping to make a raft, but I didn't
see the captain. I saw; the captain but
once; that was when he ordered the mate
to call out the men. > It ' was •> the only
time I recall seeing . the • captain. The
chief .mate acted very; coolly. I did not
eee the, officers putting \ the passengers
Into the boats." . . / :
Al Bailey, a . laborer, . stated • that he
heard the orders given, for .the;passen
gers to get Into the boats," but' does not
know who gave them. He also said that
he saw provisions thrown into one of [the
boats and heard the captain give orders
to put . the ladles in his ; boat. He said,
however, that . he saw very, few persons
with life preservers on.
Both passengers said that. Captain' Mc-
Intyre did all he could for; them after
they; reached shore, but they, had no
assistance ; from him . at : the, time It was
needed most.
• .The investigation; was continued. until 1
o'clock to-day/-
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
SOUTH PORTLAND'S CAPTAIN
' CHICAGO, Oct. 29— Of tidal announce
ment of the completion of the Interna
tional Harvester Company's plans of cen
tralization were made to-day. Hereafter
one general agent and organization will
handle all five lines of tfie consolidated
companies, and It is said there /will be a
material saving in operating expenses.
x-i-i-^
Trust Completes Reorganization.
TOPEKA, Kans, Oct. 29.— Advices re
ceived at 11 o'clock by the general:super
intendent's office ¦, of the* Santa Fe ;Rail
road from the ig-eneral hospital at Fort
Madison. . Iowa, say , that Colonel Holland
is still alive, but .cannot survive, and the
others wounded, In the Dean Lake w.j«ck
are Improving and will recover.
Colonel Holland' Cannot Survive.
• LONDON, Oct. 29.— General ; William
Booth, ( commander In chief of the Salva
tion Army, has! sent the following mes
sage to Salvationists the
world concerning the; tragic death ' of
Mrs. Booth-Tucker:
I am suddenly prostrated with grief in the
presence of .what appears at the moment to be
an indescribable calamity and an unfathomable
mystery. -I can only look up and say. to my
heavenly father, i "Thy will ! be don«."_ - :• ;
My daughter was, - after her . mother, ¦ first
among the many noble and . consecrated women
I have known durlnr the J fifty years of : my
public ; . life. . Her loss i la Irreparable, , but so
much more j need Is . there for me. for you i and
for us all to go on with our .work for God and
the. blessing: ; of our fellow- men.,. This,': how
ever ' my heart ' may " bleed, J is my purpose so
long as he may be pleased to prolong. my life.
General William Booth Sends - Mes
i£ ?;.-'¦: sage to Salvation Army. \
MOURNS TRAGIC DEATH.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 29.— W. H. Leek, for
merly for. seven years Clerk of Plumas
County, and later for a long period prin
cipal of the Alameda High School, dltsd In
this city to-day, aged 54 years. He re
turned from the Philippines, where he
had b«en for two years, in a very feeble
condition. He was a native of Pennsyl
vania, and leaves a wife and two chil
dren. • ..•¦¦'...• . .
Former Clerk '. of Plumas Dead.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 23.-Actlng Secre
tary Willis Moore of the Department of
Agriculture has asked the War Depart
ment to transfer to the Agricultural De
partment the title to' the summit of
Mount McKinley. near Fresno, Cal., with
a view to meteorological research work
later on. The War Department has had
control of the property-for several years
for Elgnal purposes, but has abandoned
It, and has so notified the Weather Bu
reau.
Wants Site for Signal Purposes.
It was the first time Morgan had been
in the vicinity of Canton since the Presi
dent's death and it was at his wish that
the train was stopped here and a visit
made to the vault. Through the corporal
of the guard the. party obtained permis
sion to go as far as the gates of the tomb.
CANTON. Ohio. Oct. 29.— J. P. Morgan,
with a party of ten officials of the Penn
sylvania Railroad, visited the tbmb of
President McKlniey . to-day. The" party
was en route from New York to Chicago
In speclaf train. '
J. P. Morgan. Gets Off. at Canton With
Several Friends While En Route
• to Chicago.
PAYS A VISIT TO TOMB"
OF PRESIDENT McKINLEY
ATHENS, Oct. 29.— It Is officially report
ed that Queen Olga Is recovering from an
operation for tumor, which was .per
formed at St. Petersburg. Tho matter
has been a secret in order not to alarm
her children.
Queen Olga Is Seriously HI.
CITY OF MEXICO, Oct. 29.— A standing
committee appointed to represent joint
ly the depositors and shareholders in tho
defunct International Bank and Trust
Company have outlined a plan which. It is
expected, will bring about a speedy set
tlement with depositors. There is also a
movement on foot for reorganizing the
bank locally and under a Mexican char
ter.
Insolvent Bank May. Be Reorganized.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 29.— A sensa
tional trial Is impending as a result of
a Government •examination Into •" the en
gineers who tui't th<> Sou'.nem Mat>
churlan Railway. The_ examination, has
developed the defalcation of several mil
lion roubles.
Millions of Roubles Stoles.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 29.— James I. Blair,
the attorney, passed a comfortable night
and he Is expected to be sufficiently im
proved in health within a few days to
stand the fatigue of a Journey which, It
is anounced, the whole family will take
soon. The Blair mansion, at Kirkwood,
near St. Louis, is being dismantled and
packing boxes and trunks are being sent
to this city for shipment.
The cases are addressed to Mrs. C. M.
Alexander. 6t Paul Apartments. 218
West Eighteenth street. New York. They
are believed to contain such valuable and
strictly personal household ornaments
and other belongings as Mrs. Blair de
sires to keep after she shall have broken
up at "Stancote."
The Grand Jury resumed the Investi
gation of Blair's story this afternoon. B.
B. Graham, president of the Graham Pa
per Company, who is Blair's brother-in
law, was eubpenaed as a witness, as
was also one other person whose name is
not known.
St. Louis Grand Jury Summons At
torney's Brother-in-Law as a
'
RESUMES INVESTIGATION
OF STORY TOLD BY BLAIR
Commander Booth-Tucker staggered,
raised his hand to his forehead and ex
claimed, "God help me; is it true?", and
fell In a swoon. .Pitifully moaning and
wringing his hands, he seemed for a time
beside' himself. He asked over and, over
If the. statement was 'true,' appearing un
able to believe It. For an hour then he
sat with hla head bowed In his hands.-
As soon as he. had revived sufficiently the
telegram announcing the death of his
wife was.. read to n.m..,'iiie dispatch was
from Ensign Dammess, secretary to Mrx.
Booth-Tucker, and was dated Marceline,
Mo.. 1 a. m., and read as follows:
"Consul passed from, earth. ; Bringing
her aboard; same train for Chicago."
rMra, .Booth-Tucker's body reached Chi
cago to-night on a Santa Fe train. . Sev
eral hundred members of the army 'were
at the station when the train arrived and
escorted the body to .~ an undertaking es
tablishment on State street. To-morrow
morning the body- will be removed to the
Princess Rink, one of the Chicago branch
headquarters'" of the array; where It will
lie' in state until to-morrow night, . when
It .will be removed, to New York. Later
It may be sent to London for burial. .
' CHICAGO, Oct. 29.-Commander Booth-
Tucker, who Arrived here to-day/ expect
ing to join hjs wife, was v prostrated by
the shock of. her. death. He was met at
the railway, station; by Salvation 'Army
officers and was taken in a carriage direct
to headquarters. No mention of his wife's
death was made on the < way and the
newspapers were withheld from him. The
arrangements were that Commander
rucker and wife were to meet here, Mrs.
Tucker arriving from the west at about
the same hour as her husband, and they
were to have begun a ten days' cam
paign on Saturday night. Arriving at
headquarters, the commander asked for
his wife and expressed surprise that she
had not met him. As gently as he could.
Colonel Sowton, In charge of the Chicago
station, said:
• Commander, your wife Is dead. She
was kil'ed in a o wreck."
Commander Tucker Swoons When In
formed of Wife's Death":
PROSTRATED BY GRIEF.
lower berth' In the tourist sleeper. The
other members of Mrs. Booth-Tucker's
party went into the chair car.
Gravelle to Be Tried for Extortion,
HELENA, Mont., Oct. 29.— Two Infor
mations were filed in the District Court
to-day against Ira Gravelle, the man
charged with having dynamited the
Northern ¦ Pacific - tracks. Two letters
which Gravelle Is alleged to have writ
ten to- the railroad officials demanding
money for immunity are the basis of the
informations. The specific crime for
which Gravelle will be tried will be ex
tortion.
Depositors ., No Longer. Panicky.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 29.— At the close of
business it was reported by officials of
the various \ trust companies that from
15 .to 20 per cent of the deposits with
drawn yesterday and the day before had
been returned and that complete equa
nimity characterized the financial sltua
tlon'here^ ~: v- =
NEW ORLEANS, Oct. 20. — Private cables
received here to-day report a blgr lire at Blue
fields, Nicaragua. Jhe losses are estimated at
$200,000.
SYDNEY. N. S. W.. Oct. 29.— The Brit
ish cruisers Plyades and Mildara and
four merchant steamers have sailed in
search of the steamer Ovalau, belonging
to the United Steamship Company of
New Zealand, eight days overdue from
Norfolk Island, with twenty-five passen
gers on board, including Lord Boringdon,
eldest son of the Earl of Morley, and
Judge Oliver, president of the New South
Wales Appeal Court.
Sail in Search of Missing Steamer.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 23.— County Superin
tendent of Schools H. J. Baldwin has dis
covered that the pupils of the Cnula 'Vista
school know too much. The school is
composed mostly of children of wealthy
persons, who have tutored them at home,
and they are from one to two years lr * j
vance of their grades. He will instruct
the teachers to hold them back and let
the grades catch up. „-. »> ...
Pupils Outrace Their Grades.
SALVATION ARMY LEADER
WHO WAS KILLED IN TRAIN
WRECK. ' '
SPRINGFIELD, Mass., Oct. 29.— William
H. Moody. Secretary of the Navy, ad
dressed an audience of 2000 persons at a
Republican rally here to-day. He touched
upon the postal Investigations, and said
he could promise for the President that
the reports of Holmes, Conrad and
Charles J. Bonaparte would be submitted
In 'full to the public, and no one would be
sheltered by the administration.
Talks on Postal Scandal.
BOISE, Idaho, Oct. 29. — Probate Judge
Brown : to-day ¦ discharged all three de
fendants In the Watktns arson case. He
dismissed Mrs. Harry Watklns and W.
B. : Holman on, motion of the defense
after the conclusion of the State's case.
Watklns, in his own behalf, testified
that he was at home all the evening on
the night of- tho fire. After the exami
nation of several witnesses for him
Judge- Brown discharged him. The
charge of firing the Whittier School re
mains unsolved. ,
Alleged Firebugs Appear in Court.
LONDON. Oct. 30.— The correspondent
of the Daily Mail at Chefu says it la
reported from Peking that the Chinese
Minister at St.| Petersburg has notified
his Government that the war party Is In
the ascendency In Russia, and that China
must be prepared to act In her own,in
terest. There is an increasing desire
among the intelligent Chinese for an alli
ance with Japan, adds the correspondent*
War Party In the Ascendant.
-Mrs. Booth-Tucker was the second
daughter of General William Booth and
W^f J Bald be the ablest of. all "the Booth
children. She had enthusiasm ¦ tempered
with cold Judgment and executive ability
It was these qualities, which Induced *e"r
father to send her to the United States in
1S96 to try to bring about harmony in the
American branch of 'the army. "
Had Mrs.- Booth-Tucker followed out
her original intention she would - have
missed the wreck: She arrived In Kansas
City on the California ' train which was
wrecked yesterday evening .and ; intended
remaining. here until this morning. She
found she could make a; briefs trip up
town between*, trains, however, and later
decided ; to continue . east '; on : the : same
trains. . All the lowerberths : In \ the stand
ard ; sleepers were [taken, and It was sug
gested that she'and Colonel, Holland take
berths in . the' tourist sleeper.' , She at first
objected/ saylhg>she. had -never "traveled
second : class -. except s in India.^ But > after
an Inspection of the car -she : accented ? a
Wrecking trains were sent from Marce
line and other points and the dead and In
jured started . for Fort Madison, Iowa,
The train broke down after going a short
distance and Marcellne, the next station,
was not reached until 2 o'clock in the
morning. Physicians were taken on' at
Marceline and the train proceeded north
Mrs. Booth-Tucker, who was on her
way home from a visit to the farm colony
of the army at' Amity, Colo., had stopped'
here a few hour B yesterday to inspect the
workingmen's hotel, which Is about to be
h»!ft \ b y the army. Mrs. Booth-Tucker
had taken especial interest in the project
f. LT'T ° n her a^e that It was be
the ?„ ? UP> K Accom PanIed by two of
the local members, she Inspected the
place yesterday, and expressed herself as
feh g for d rh7 lth thC arr^^ent r , Sel She
left ( for Chicago soon afterward, accom
panied by Colonel Holland and her secre
tary. Miss Dammess. She ' expected tn
meet her husband in Chicago and waf es
pecially happy • in returning home af^
what^he said had been a ?ery™aUsfac-
NEARLY MISSED THE WRECK
Mrs. Booth-Tucker, who was Miss'
f n m^ Bo H oth - m "ried Frederick Tucker
In 1888. He assumed her name as part
of his own. He was born in India. *l\
lived there several years after'th^mTr
riage.^He was commissioner of the army
in India. Mr., and Mrs. Booth-Tucker
were appointed to command the army in
America . in March, 1896, succeeding Eva
C. Booth, who had supplanted her broth
er, Balllngton Booth, who had been re
moved by the. general. » ...
In the forwardf Pullman • Mrs. Booth-
Tucker and Colonel Holland, who were
the sole occupants of that car, had Just
gone to the forward en4 for a consulta
tion, when the wreck occurred. After the
wreck both Mrs. Booth-Tucker; and Col
onel Holland were, found unconscious.
They, with the other injured, were af
ter much delay taken to the depot plat
form a few blocks distant, where every
thing possible was done for them. Neither
regained consciousness and within • half
an hour the noted Salvation Army leader
succumbed to her injuries. .For a time
it was believed that the unconscious man
at her side was Commander Booth-Tucker
and in the confusion this report was
spread. •
Injured: W. H. Murray, San Francjs'co;
Colonel Thomas C. Holland. Amity, Colo.,
fatally, fractured jaw, concussion of the
brain; Fred -Baline, Riverside, Colo.;
Bert Cumme, Chicago; Hester Dammes,
New York; G. N. Burkhardt, conductor
of the dining car, contusion of side and
back; Mrs. A. E. Baden, Wlnfleld, Kans.;
Ernest H. Baden, Wlnfleld, Kans.; John
R. Shoemaker, Denver;, T. N. Kirk "and
two children, Newcastle, Ind.; Lind New
ly, Onargo, 111.; Mrs. Newly, -Onarga,
111.; Anna Newly, Onarga, 111.; Fred Mil
ler, Philadelphia; Albert Miller, Philadel
phia; Emma Hester, Peoria, 111.;. Mrs.
Ella Kirk, Newcastle, Ind.; Emma Hos
ier, Los Angeles; Frank H. Nichol, Mel
bourne, Australia; Mrs. J. Kelby, New
York; George Berneckett, first chef;
Frederick Farwig, second chef; Michael
Mippolis, third chef; ' George Parker,
waiter;Slorace, Packley and McKay, em
ployes of dining car.
Th© wreck, according to Superintendent
Hurley, was caused by the breaking of a
journal in the rear trucks of the tourist
car. This caused a wheel to leave the
track and this In turn displaced a switch.
The tourist cars and two sleepers were
thus ' thrown oft the main track. The
tourist cars went into a ditch and the
standard sleepers were . derailed.
SUCCUMBS TO HER INJURIES.
Tucker and second daughter of
William Booth, founder of the army, 'was
the only passenger killed in the wreck of
the eastbound California train No. 2 near
Dean Lake, Mo,, eighty-five miles east of
Kansas City, last night. Colonel Thomas
C. Holland, in charge of the Salvation
Army at Amity, Colo., was fatally in
jured. Twenty-eight others were injured.
The dead and injured were taken to Fort
Madison, Iowa.
The killed: MRS. BOOTH-TUCKER.
Itt-ANSAS CITY. Oct. 29.— Mrs. ' Em
£ ma Booth-Tucker, consul in
\k America of the Salvation Army,
*^- wife of Commander Booth-
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash.. Oct. 29.—
Fourteen contraband Chinese and Harry
Thomas and Fred Anderson, the white
men who were piloting them into the
"country, were arrested on San Juan Isl
and . yesterday. They were broght here
to-day and will be arraigned to-morrow.
Thomas and Anderson are entirely un
knownto the customs officials, who are
thoroughly acquainted with the smug
gling fraternity. ' ¦* "v ' r .
- ¦ * - •
Contraband Chinese in Jail.
BUDAPEST, -Hungary, Oct. 29.— The
new Hungarian Cabinet will be composed
as follows: . Count Stephen Tlza, Premier
and, Minister rbf the Interior; Dr. De Lu
cacs,"; Minister of Finance; Herr Hleron
omye," Minister- of Commerce: Count M.
Michael 'Esterhazy, Minister of Agricul
ture; Herr Berzeviczy, Minister of In
struction; Dr. Pless, Minister of Justice;
General- Mylry, Minister of 'National De
fense. - ' ¦
Dr. Pless Is Minister of Justice and
Dr. De Lucas Will Look After
. the Finances.
NEW HUNGARIAN CABINET
IS FORMED BY COXJNT TIZA
Before the party broke up McKenzle
left, and, going to a medical institute.
secured a skeleton. He wrapped It In
gauze and with the aid of phosphorus
gave the- effect of lighting the entire
skeleton with . a weird brilliance. He hid
in the bushes near Miss Henshaw's home
and as she came .down the lane- alone
she was greeted -with a groan and the ap
pearance of the apparition with arms out
stretched. She went into hysterics and
within an hour was a raving maniac. ¦
She was taken to a private asylum, and
three weks ago died without regaining her
reason. McKenzie fled at once, but de
tectives eiuployed by the girl's father
located him in Fe.-nle recently. The father
declares he will spend every cent of hia
fortune in the prosecution of the young
roan.
SPOKANE, Wash., Oct. 29.— For fright
ening a youns woman to such an extent
that she went Insane, Edward McKer.zle,
formerly a bank cashier In Jacksonville.
Fla., has been' arrested at Ferule, B. C,
and will be taken back to his former home
for triaL
The case seems one of the most remark
able on record and Is the outcome of a
practical Joke. Details are given by Roger
Freye, a deputy sheriff, who has come
to bring McKenzle home.
On the evening of July 5 last- a party
of young people were on the veranda of
the Palmetto Hotel, Jacksonville, when
the conversation turned to superstition
and ghosts. Miss Ada Henshaw, a promi
nent young society woman, declared I she
was afraid of nothing in tho ghost line.
McKenzie made a trifling wager wtth.the
young woman that she could be fright
ened.
Special Dispatch to Trie Call.
Faustlno Gillermo,- leader of the band
of ladrones which for months past has
been raiding the province of Rizal, has
been sentenced to death. Two of his offi
cers have been sentenced to imprisonment
for life and two others to Imprisonment
for twenty-five years.
MANILA, Oct. ».-Mgr. Guidi, the Ro
man prelate sent to Manila as Apostolic
Delegate to conduct negotiations between
the Vatican and the United States Gov
ernment regarding the sale of land held
In the Philippines by the friars; is urg
ing a settlement of the matter before
Governor Taft leaves for America. The
Governor, upon his part, says he is in
hopes that the sale will be concluded be
fore his departure from the fact that the
friars have reduced their price consider
ably.
Seventeen provincial boards have In
dorsed. Executive Secretary Arthur "W.
Ferguson for the vacancy upon the
Board of Philippine Commissioners which
will be created by the approaching retire
ment of Governor "W. H. Taft, who will
shortly leave the Islands and return to
the United States.
Lieutenant James i W. Walsh Jr., con
stabulary supply officer stationed at Nas
bate, in the province of Viscayas, mili
tary department of Luzon, convicted of
embezzling 113,000 of Government funds,
hag been sentenced to ten years' Impris
onment.
HERMOSILLO,. Mexico. Oci~29.— Two
soldiers of the Twentieth Battalion of
Mexican infantry were condemned and
shot Tuesday at Torln, Sonora.
/The Twentieth had been reconnoiterlng
near Las Guasimas; . expecting an attack
by a rovincr band of Yaqiil Indians who
had taken* to tho warpath. Anigel Mal
donado and Simon Falion, two privates
in the battalion, were caught asleep. in
the watch and were severely reprimanded
by -Lieutenant Cabo, the officer who dis
covered '¦ them. ; They replied by insolent
language, "and When - t Cabo attempted to
place '. them undejr' arrest 'both shot him,
inflicting" wounds. /whlcti resulted In hia
death. ;• \." ' .
; A military tribunal was "at once sum
moned I and both "men were . tried and con
demned to death, which they met an hour
later. ; They were .shot In -the - cemetery
just outside of thft town. :.-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
After the building was cleared the fight-
Ing was continued in the street, the mob
peizing bottles and tables from near by
cafes for weapons. Shops were hastily
closed to avoid being pillaged. After the
battle the ground was strewn -with hats,
broken bottles, chairs and marble table
In the meantime showers of broken
glass. Inkstands, cuspidors and bottles
¦were bting hurled from neighboring win
dows. Some of the police were injured.
This shower of missiles made it necessary
to take the building^by storm and the
light which followed was desperate. The
police were armed with drawn swords and
the demonstrators in many cases wore
knuckle dusters and carried knives.
The Prefect of Police personally con
manded the operations at the Bourse de
Travail. The display of force made In the
afternoon was much greater than that of
the morning and Included the mounted
municipal guards, of whom 100 were
drawn up before the doors of the Bourse
when the meeting concluded. At first
those leaving the building w<re fairly or
derly, but they soon 'became boisterous,
whereupon Lepir.e, the Prefect, ordered
the municipal guards to station them
selves in puch a way as to force the
demonstrators to break up Into small
groups. This maneuver retarded the dis
persal of the crowd and the men then
began to Insult the police, who were
rapidly losing patience. Insults were fol
lowed by 6tone-throwlng and the munici
pal guards drew their swords.
The prefect of police says forts'-five
policemen were wounded and that more
than 100 rioter% were injured, a number
of them seriously. Thus far 100 arrests
have been made.
A terrible conflict ensued. Encouraged
by the resistance of those inside the
building, their sympathizers outside at
tacked the police. The forces of the mu
nicipality finally were victorious and
now occupy the Bourse de Travail.
PARIS. Oct. 29.—- A serious riot oc
curred to-day in front of the Bourse de
Travail (Labor Exchange), In the work
men's district. It followed a meeting of
C000 persons, who protested against the
establishment of municipal, employment
bureaus.
POLICE AND RIOTERS BATTLE.
Scores Injured in Combat in Labor
District of Paris.
Strike riots are reported to have oc
curred in neighboring villages. At Arens
the troops were obliged to fire on the
strikers. Several men were killed and
wounded, including soldiers.
The strikers threaten to attack the Gal
dano dynamite factory. A large force has
been sent to protect the works.
No newspapers appeared here to-day,
and all telegrams are closely censored.
General Zappino marched into Bilbao to
day with an Infantry regiment, two
squads of cavalry and a battery of artil
lery-
Six persons were killed and 100 injured
during yesterday's conflicts. Hundreds of
t> rror-stricken persons have fled from the
city. The railroad employes now threat
en to join the strikers.
Acting under orders frpm Madrid, the
Governor of Bilbao has summoned the
mine owners to a conference.
MADRID. Oct. 23.— The Spanish Cabinet
met twice to-day to consider the rioting
at Bilbao, where the situation seems to
be Improving. The Ministers were unan
imous on the question of sending large
reinforcements of troops to Bilbao. Gen
eral Zappino has taken the direction of
Affairs there, and telegraphic communica
tion with the disturbed city has been re
established.
Telegrams from Bilbao state that quiet
reigns there to-night. The street car ser
vice has been resumed and the shops are
again open.
The Government has decided to send
two gunboats and a torpedo boat to Bil
bao. An official dispatch from there re
ports that bread is £tili scarce and diffi
culties are being experienced In effecting
any arrangement between the strikers
and employers.
BILBAO. Oct. 29— The garrison of Bil
bao has been reinforced, but to-day tho
troops still had difficulty in coping with
the rioting strikers, who constantly erect
ed new barricades as the old ones were
torn down by the soldiers.
The city presents a sorry spectacle ow
ing to the widespread destruction w-rought
hy the mob. The rioters used dynamite
in several Instances to blow in the doors
of the Jesuits' houses and to destroy the
railroad tracks, with the object of pre
venting trains entering Bilbao. High
prices are already being charged for pro
visions. Even bread Is selling at 78 cents
ti loaf.
Morales, the Governor of Puerto Plata, has
pronounced ajrainn this Government (Govern
ment of Santo Domingo). Both naval ves
sels (Government vesswls) with troor>s have
l*>en eent here. It Is currently reported that
Mocha is In insurrection to-day. All quiet
here. Deschainps, the Vico President, Is a
prisoner. The insurrection is in favor of
Jlmintz. . .~- .
WASHINGTON, Oct. 29.— The following
cablegram from United States Minister
Powell, dated San Domingo, was re
ceived to-day:
SAN DOMINGO, Santo Domingo, Oct.
29.— Owing to the rebellion in the northern
part of the republic the Government has
decreed suspension of the constitutional
guarantees and is enforcing martial law.
Active measures are being taken to sup
press the revolution.
Among the passengers on the Cuban
mail steamer Maria Ferreria, which was
prevented entering Puerto Plata on
Tuesday by the Dominican Government
cruiser Independencia, was Senor Ca
ceres. former Governor of Santiago de
los Caballeros. Santo Domingo, under
the Presidency of General Vasquez, who
was exiled to Cuba by the present Gov
ernment of Santo Domingo. Senor Ca
ceres has gone now to Join General Jimi
nez, the leader of the revolution, at some
unknown point, and together they will
make another attempt to land In Santo
Domingo.
Telegraphic communication with La
Vega, Santo Domingo, has been restored.
It is rumored that the French cruiser
Jean de la Gravier, now at Port au
Prince, Hayti, has been ordered to Santo
Domingo.
CAPE HAYTIEN, k Hay ti, Oct. 29.—
General Navaro, the revolutionary Gov
ernor of Monte Cristi, Santo Domingo,
at the head of a strong force of troops,
has joined General Morales, commander
in chief of the forces of the Dominican
revolution, with the reported intention
of moving the combined forces on the
capital, San Domingo.
The blockade of the port of Puerto
Plata, on the north coast of Santo Do
ming-o. which is held by the revolution
ists, has caused provisions there to be
come very costly.
A force of Dominican revolutionists
has occupied Cotuy.
It is presumed that the Dominican
Government forces will be concentrated
at the capital, where heavy fighting is
expected to take 'place.
CAPD HAYTIEN, via Paris, Oct. 29.—
The Dominican Government cruiser In
dependencia to-day attacked Puerto Plata,
the port on the northern side of the islaiid
which is in the hands of the insurgents.
Landing
Exiled Former President Not
Yet Able to Effect a
Father of a Girl Who Was
Made Insane Is the
Prosecutor.
Governor'Taft Hopes to Ad
just Matters Before He
Leaves the Islands.
Murder of, a Lieutenant Is
Eollow by a Quick
Trial.
Official Advices Claim That
Troops Have Restored
Quiet.
Six Persons Killed in
the Rioting of Wed
nesday.
Former Bank Cashier to
Be Taken Back to
Florida.
Army of Jiminez Will
Attack City of San
Domingo.
Privates in a Mexican
Detachment Are
Executed.
Philippine Land Trouble
May Be Settled in a
Few* Weeks.- •
BILBAO GARRISON
IS REINFORCED
REBELS TO MOVE
ON THE CAPITAL
SOLDIERS' DIE
FOR THE CRIME
FRIARS REDUCE
THE SALE PRICE
PRACTICAL JOKE
CAUSES ARREST
Commander Booth-Tucker Arrives in Chicago Ex
pecting tol Meet His Wife and Falls in a Swoon
When fold That She Was Killed in Train Wreck
SALVATIONISTS MOURN
LOSS OF THEIR LEADER
THE SAN FBANC1SCO CALL, FKIDAT, OCTOBER 30, 1903.
2
ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
Chas. Keilus & Co.
E x c 1 u s i v e
Hig;h-Qrade Clothiers
Ko Branch Stores. - No A rente.
You're Not Skeptical?
Ocular Demonstration
Might Convince, You?
Our Fall Smart Models
Display Tailor's Skill
Make It a Point to Come
and Try on Some of Them
K e, a r n y S t re e t
T h u flow B'jacjk
To\ Cure ? a .Cold , in . One I Day ; ;.
Take * Laxative Eromo , Quinine ; Tablets. :. AU
druggists | refund the ¦ money It It' fails . to cure.
S. W. Grove's signature is on each 'box. 25c *
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Little Chat on
' The up-to-date young - man is particular .-/*'.#??^ ViPw^^^v^^v
! about his attire. He wants his garments in the 0^^W^^^^^^0&^^^
latest style /and made from a swell, seasonable .^^^:S$S^^P^^S^1^1r,
Ilere is where he will find the greatest as- '•'
sortment to choose from and the prices are the jp||
young man. He will get it in one of our new J^^^M^iM^^^^^^^^^W ' ::^^^f
sack suits, with its broad shoulders, shapely .*^^%*£a_J/
back and smart cut, like the picture shown. \^^^^'''^'WM^^^^0^^M -^"^^^^^
.The prices are $12.50, $15.00,. $17.50 and mj^m^&4^^^^^^^m-0^^^^
$20.00 and the ages are from 14 to 19 years. \
The materials are swell dark patterns and W^i^^^^^^^^MM'^^^^ML^^^^^^
striped worsteds. The suits come also in dou- t^S^l^Sp^^^ifr^^
ble-breasted style, with three buttons and long §-^^|?^^^^P8!^^^fej^^ '
Boys' Two-Piece Suits $2.75 |
On ' Friday and Saturday just 50 two-piece • ¦
suits for boys from 7 to 14 will be placed on • P^'^^^'S-S^^^'i^^?^!
sale for $2.75. ; ' . . , • |i§^l^|v§i
They are made in neat dark mixtures and , §^*$®vm
pretty: gray checks. Just the thing for school w-^P^^m % ;^^^l^?
wear. . .They are what remain out of several W^vl^i^'^
lines that sold at higher prices. , . . $V^$tl*4^ t^i'^^.f^
Boys' sweaters in more than a dozen dif- f'&i^M &$¦$*$!
Mention you Hike 64- page catalogue. '¦ $$wM
740 IVtonkcti Stncct* - ''^**^'PROMINENT OFFICIALS CON
NECTED WITH THE INQUIRY
INTO LAND FRAUDS.
LONDON. Oct. 29.— Lord Strathcona has
accepted the nomination to the chancellor
ship of, Aberdeen. 'University.',? The nom
ination was offered . to 'Andrew.: Carnegie;
who declined It In favor of Lord Strath
cona, 4
Accepts Chancellorship.
BIG ATTENDANCE AT LAST
RENDITION OF "EVERYMAN"
Gentlemen's Sodality May Consider
Advisability of Repeating Presen
tation of Morality Play.
An Immense audience attended the sec
ond and last night of "Everyman" at St.
Ignatius College Hall, where"*the morality
play has received a perfect presentation
by members of the Gentlemen's Sodality.
The actors were well cast, the stage ap
propriately arranged and the music dur
ing the progress of the play and the In
tervals was befitting the scholarly work.
The philosophy of the play was admirably
interpreted by the Intelligent actors, and
the serious and quaint atmosphere was
fully realized throughout the perform
ance.
The enormous success that attended the
presentation of "Everyman" has suggest
ed to the Gentlemen's Sodality the ad
vieability of repeating the production of
the play, possibly some night next week.
Thieves Loot a Fur Store.
Harry L. Smith, proprietor cf a fur
store at 726 Market street, reported, to the
police yesterday morning that his store
had been visited during the night . by
thieves, who stole articles of "the value
cf $263 and forced open the ca&h" drawer,
taking 125 In small change from; It He
thought the thieves had gained nccess to
the store by means of a stairway at 11
Geary street. "Detectives O'Dea and Mul
cahy were detailed on the case.'
Later in the day Casey was placed un
der $3500 additional bond to keep the peace
againsthis wife, whom, it is charged, he
has repeatedly threatened to kill. Casey
is amply able to furnish bonds, but says
he would rather stay in jail than put up
such' excessive bonds. • '¦
TUCSON, Ariz., Oct. 29.— Alexander
Casey, mine owner and capitalist, who
has been in the county jail since Tuesday
night, when he terrorized the guests of
the Wlllard Hotel by discharging a shot
gun and rifle repeatedly in the halls of the
hotel, was to-day bound over to the
Grand Jury in the ., sum of $13.0)0 on
charges of assault with Intent to commit
murder on the head waiter of the dining
room, and on the charge of assault with
a deadly weapon upon the Constable who
made the arrest.
Arizona Of fleers Arrange to Curb the
Gun-Firing Propensities of a
Capitalist
HOTEL PROPRIETOR CASEY
MUST STAY IN A JAIL
PORTLAND. Oct. 29.— Charles Eckstein,
a Nome miner, arrived In Portland on
Sunday with a pocketful of gold. He was
on his way to San Francisco, where his
people live, and had "besides the gold a
nne watch, a nugget chain which was the
wonder of all his friends and bank paper
worth several hundred dollars. He vis
ited the bad lands of Portland Sunday
night and Monday morning came to his
senses, minus all his wealth, with the
exception of a Wells-Fargo order for $500,
which the robbers could not handie. His
loss is over $400.
He declares that he was "rolled" by a
thug and that the operation took place
while he was drinking. To-day he has
been out of ready cash and has no friends
In Portland. He has the order for $500.
but it is useless to him because no one
can identify him at the bank.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Nome Miner Loses His
Alaskan Treasure
in Portland.
John Busch, an ex-convict, appeared be
fore Judge Lawlor yesterday for ar
raignment on two charges of robbery. He
pleaded guilty to both charges ami also
to the prior convictions against him. He
was ordered to appear for sentence on
November 28. Joe Laporinl, who is Jointly
charged with Busch with one of the rob
beries, was arraigned and pleaded not
guilty.
In the beginning of August a nur.ber
of holdups occurred in the North Beach
district and on the morning of Au^ist
IS Busch was caught In the act of holding
up a cigar dealer and his wife. Tne
charges on which he was booked and
pleaded guilty yesterday were for holding
up Frank O'Donnell of 1101 Broadway on
Green street, between Jones and Leaven
worth, on August 14, and Walter Young
of 726 Green street In front of his resi
dence on August 11. It is alleged that
Laperinl was with Busch in the Young
holdup.
John Busch, Terror of North Beach,
Saves State Expense of ' /'^
Trials. I *
PLEADS GUILTY TO TWO
CHARGES OF ROBBERY
John Keating was convicted by Toilc?
Judge Fritz yesterday of a chars- of
disturbing the ptace and was sentenced
to pay a fine cf JJW' with the a.ternative
of 1M days in the County Jail. - Ke^tins
Is employed by pawnbrokers to *o around
with pawn tickets and tell people that
they represent articles of jewelry worth
about ten times the amount secured and
that he would be willing to sell for the
amounts advanced. When the purchaser
•went to the pawn shop he got an article
almost worthless. Keating went Into a
store on Kearny street a few days ago,
cJTerlr.g to sell a ticket, and when he xw
ordered out he nicked up a cobblestone
from the street and was about to throw
It at the window, when the proprietor
grabbed bold of him and held him till a
policeman appeared.
Pawn Ticket Faker Convicted.
ROBBERS TAKE
ALL HIS GOLD
Secretary Hitchcock Says the Work
Has but Commenced.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 29.— Secretary
Hitchcock to-day received a telegram
MORE INDICTMENTS COMING.
PADUCAH. Ky., Oct. 29.— The losses in last
nicht's fire will not exceed ,$250,000. Mayor
Land was slightly injured while aiding the
firemen.
BUTTE, Mont., 'Oct. 29. — Humbert* Catt»-
Ilna and Martin J. Pishkar. Italian rr.ln«r», fell
from a. case tn the Minnie Healj- mlae this
morning to the dump. ICO) feet below.
. William F. Dasha, Thomas J. Demp
sey and LI Lim, Indicted for conspiracy
In the Chinese substitution cases, appear
ed yesterday before United States Court
Commissioner Heacock and gave bail in
the sum of $3000 each. Their trial has
been set for November 5. T. T. Burnett
is out on $2500 bonds.
Dash a and Dempsey Give Sail.
from Portland, Or., announcing the in
dictment of three more persons in con
nection with. the -public Uyid frauds in
that State. The telegram gave the names
of the persons indicted as Emma L. Wat
son, Gay Huff and Norman Williams.
The woman Is charged with conspiracy
in connection with -the proceedings
against Miss Ware, Commissioner of the
United State* 1 District Court for Oregon,
who already Is under indictment, and
Williams is charged with forgery in con
nection with the Nesbltt case. The charge
against Huff is forgery, but his is an in
dependent case.
Upon being asked if he had anything
to say apropos of the indictments, Secre
tary* Hitchcock replied:
Theatrical Performance at Golden
Gate Hall Is Attended. by a
Large Crowd.
Misc. Fabbri Mueller gave the second of
a rcri^s of subscription theatrical per
formance* ly.Et evening at Golden Gate
Hall. The programme consfsled of sev
eral one-art forces, dancijig and singing.
The performance was well patronized
and the difftrcr.t numbers were cnactfd
with an a mount cf life and spirit gen
erally lacking in amateur theatricals.
. The plays were all produced ur.der the
personal direction cf Paul Gerson.
The programme was as follows:
"Her f'n'y Fault" <a farce in one act), char
artery—Mr. Strand, W. F. Cody; Mrs. Strand,
fOm May Cradix-: Ur.ele BHffer. Lester Alden:
"kitty. Xirr Isabel Davis. "Ornntn Girl."
PpariiVh *on~ ar.d danc*>. M!e# Elsa Tolon.
"Setae rvttj." fv.h»r:<-k in eii Acct (Von B.
Frhurnar. t. [*r»onfn — Frau von BlamenberK.
tVittw*:. Mrs. Jo*eph!ni? Lafontine: Gujtav von
Etxrhard. lieutenant. Fritx R^mbach; Han
<-h»>n. Stuh^nxnadrhen. Mts; Hedwis Miller;
Mister Tool. Arr.'rikaner. J. O. Detterb^ck;
box D'.ener b*l X!r. Pool. Joe Friti; Ort der
Hsntflunr: nine Klfine Stadt Z*U: Gesenwart.
¦¦J&ma San." Jatwnpw rntic and dance. Mis*
H'ien ParliUK. "A Husband rfn Clover," ch»r
art#>r ,_Horac. Grrwood Willlarae: Ly<1!a.
Mice Asr.ee AUfn. Fencers' quadrille — Miss
Kl?a Tclon Mis« Helen Darllnr. Mls» Bertha
lAr.Mworth. Miss Ar-ita Murray. assi«e4 by
Barney" t orchestra.
MADAME FABBRI MUELLER'S
SECOND ENTERTAINMENT
Samue4 Ralston, who says he lives at
the National Hotel, Colusa. arrived in the
city on a visit on Wednesday morning.
He had lots of money and wanted a good
time. As he was walking out of the de
i>ot at Third and Townsend streets he
was accosted by a well dressed stranger,
v.ho asked him to cash a check for $40 on
Dexter Horton & Co. of Seattle. The
stranger explained that he did not have
i, me to go to the bank, as he was to leave
on the next train. Ralston gave him the
money and pocketed the check. He went
to a "bank, but was Informed that the
check was worthless.
Yesterday morning Ralston happened to
be at the ferry and discovered the well
dressed stranger, who was going over to
Oakland. Ralston called a policeman,
who went on the boat and placed the
stranger under arrest. He was taken to
police headquarters, where he said his
name was John R. Talbot and that he
came here from New York recently on
business. He refused to say anything
about the check. He was locked up in
"the tanks" pending an Investigation as
to his antecedents. As he developed
symptoms of delirium tremens he was
sent to the Central Emergency Hospital.
MAN FROM COLUSA CASHES
CHECK FOR STRANGER
Finds It Is Worthless and Has the
Trickster Arrested at
the Ferry.
SAN DIEGO. Oct. 23.— The suit of Lucille
D. Gay against John H. Gay. for divorce
and allmonv. which has been before the
Superior Court for many weeks, was de
cided by Judge Torrance> to-day, his
judgment denying the divorce to the
plaintiff, vacating the order for the pay
ment of money for support during the
trial, denying the plaintiff any right, to
defendant's estate and granting a decree
of divorce to the defendant's cross-cora
plaint. - «•
Mrs. Gay of San Diego Fails in Her
Suit Against Her Hus
band.
DIVORCE IS GRANTED
ON A CROSS-COMPLAINT
George Reynolds, a barber, appeared be
fore Police Judge Fritz yesterday on
charges of malicious mischief . and bat
tery. The complaining witness is Annie
Smith, who lives at 15 Eddy street. She
alleges that Reynolds Is In love with her
and because he was jealous of another
man he went to her room on Tuesday and
cut up her dresses with a razor. When
she met him on the street the following
day and remonstrated with him he struck
her on the face, closing one of her eyes.
The cases were continued till to-morrow.
Cut Up a Woman's Dresses.
Guy Huff, a bartender at Eugene, is
charged with forgery of dummy home
steaders' names by affixing them to final
proofs, which were forwarded to Wash
ington. A warrant will also be Issued
shortly for his arrest.
According to the Government theory
Mrs. Watson is the party to the con
spiracy through whom the ring came into
possession of the six homesteads. Where
Mrs. Watson is at this time the officers
do not know, but a warrant will be issued
for her arrest to-morrow.
John Doe is the officers are at this time
not prepared to say, even ir they are in
possession of the information.
The charge against Mrs. Emma L. Wat
son, who also has been Indicted, is that
of being jointly concerned with Miss
Ware, McKinley and Puter in the alleged
plot to defraud. She is Indicted as a
conspirator and the evidence considered
by the Grand Jury is to the effect that
it was she who appeared m the role of
the purchaser and bought and paid for
in the sum of 51 each the six homesteads
pretended to have been taken up and
proved upon by Robert Simpson, James
E. Warwick and four others, whose al
leged fictitious names have rigured In con
nection with the investigation of these
cases. ¦ .¦..., .
Arrivals of carloads at a time have been
reported, and many of the members of these
parties were 'women. In one or two cases
during the vacation period of last summer en
tire carloads of female schoolteachers, hailing
from the ' middle Western States, made tours
to the coast and all entered lands. In other
instances entire families, of four or five per
sons each, have come in from the outside and
have made entry of lands.
So far as known no evidence of fraud has
been discovered in these specified cases, but
the officials of the department contend that.
In view of the fact that more than $400 is
required to complete the acquisition of titles
under the timber and stone law, some of these
entries are at least suspicious. - .
In other cases entries have been made in the
names of surely fictitious persons. The con
nivance of officials i» necessary in proceedings
of this character, and these cases are easily
It°afso appears that the fraud extends east
ward from the coast States Into Idaho. Mon
tana 'and Nevada. , , * .
Nothing except that the ball gees rolling: on.
There have been seven indictments within a
week and there will be many more. Our suc
cess to the present time indicates pretty clearly,
I think, that our investigations have been quite
thoroughly conducted.
So far most ol the prosecutions have be^n
directed aealnst those engaged in fraudulent
proceeding*; under the timber and stone act,
and it now appears that many flagrant Irregu
larities have been* discovered in that connec
tion. Innumerable Instances of the evasion of
public land regulations by people in large
companies . have been reported to the depart
ment from day to day for the past year and
more. In many instances people have gone
to the Pacific Coast States from the States
farther East to enter lands under the timber
and stone law.
Sheriff Lewis. C. Hoover of Pluua County.
Ohio, accompanied by George B. Thomp
son, clerk of the Supreme Court of that
State, reached this city yesterday morn
ing to take back James Iw Brown, the
self-confessed defaulting cashier of the
Union Bank of New Holland, Ohio, who
embezzled $103,000. which he lost in stock
speculations. They will leave with him
this morning. Brown, when be saw them
In the City Prison, asked first about his
wife and children and being assured that
they were well talked freely to the of
ficers.
Sheriff Comes for Brown.
BAKER CITY, Or.. Oct. 20.— Dr. H. E.
Curry of this city reports the discovery
in the Mount Rastus mining district of
a tree bearing the inscription "Lewis and
Clark. 1S04-1S05," and of a well-constructed
stone fort and the remains of a log house.
The inscription on the tree was cut in
the late fall or winter months, when the
sap was down, because the letters now
appear as raised. It Is known that one
of the earliest overland trails passed near
the scene of the discovery reported by
Dr. Curry-
Near an Old Stone
Fort.
TREE BEAES NAMES
OF LEWIS AND CLARK
Inscription Said to Have Been Fotmd
CINCINNATI. Ohio, Oct. 29.— President
August Hermann of the National Baseball
Commission to-day awarded Pitcher John
Hickey to the Cleveland American League
Club. There was a dispute i between
Cleveland and Seattle for Hlckey's i^r
vices. He was awarded to Cleveland 'un
der the Cincinnati peace compact, but the
case was reopened by request.
Cleveland Club Gets Hickey.
DAWSON. Oct. 29.— John Burpee, as
sistant postmaster at Bonanza, has been
arrested for stealing letters from the ma.il.
Burpee is one of the best Known of ths
minor officials in x the Klondike and his
arrest has caused a big sensation. Over
2000 letters have been found in bis pos
session, and of these more than one hun
dred were registered.
The discovery which led to the arrest
of Burpee .was made by Kev. Mr. Wells
of St. Luke's Church. «© had himself
been complaining for some time of failure
to receive a number of letters and he
made a personal investigation.
Of the letters found many were un
opened and did not seem to have been
tampered with. Altogether the amount
of his theft is believed to be about JW.000.
Burpee seemed to be a young man of ex
emplary character. He never apent much
money and had for a long time lived with
Rev. Christopher Reed. He is well con
nected In the East. He cams from St.
John, N. B.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
-PORTLAND. Oct. 29.— The Federal
Grand Jury to-<lay returned an indict
ment that brings to light for the first
time evidence of what rnsv have been
one of the most foul double murders ever
committed In Oregon.
The Indictment lodges against Norman
Williams a charge of forgery in affixing
a false signature of Miss Alma Nesbeit
to a reiir.quishraent of a homestead claim.
but underneath the whole procedure lies
evidence of a circumstantial nature that
murder followed in the track of forgery
or preceded it to cover up tnat crime.
Known details of the supposed tragedy
show that years ago Norman Williams
and Mis? Ain:a Nesbett were friends at
Omaha, Nebr.. and came West together.
They took up homesteads in Wasco Coun
ty end lived en adjoining claims for about
a veax. Then Mrs. Nesbett. mother of
Aliaa, came out from the East.
One stormy night in March. 19W. Wil
liams enraged a rig at Hood Rover for
the purpose of driving Mrs. Nesbett and
her daughter to their homestead, about
twenty miles. The trio dlc^pv^ared in the
dark with na evidence of the mysterious
e»*quence to the ride. Williams returned.
but of the two wotacn who rode away
with him in the wild night r.o one has
heard the slightest thins:. That they were
murdered there Is in the nilnds of the
officers who hav* worked on the case no
room for doubt, and that their murder
vh deliberately planned by Williams to
gain possession of the homestead adjoin
ing his own Is their theory. The daughter
was murdered for her pr<n> c rtv. the offi
cers think, and the mother to cover up
the plot of forging the relimuishment to
•the homestead.
The case attracted much attention
locally. Searching parties were organ
ized, the country was scoured, but never
a trace of the missing women came to
light. Officers took the matter in hand and
attempted to work up the case, but their
efforts, too, were unsuccessful. Williams
is -thought to be In Canada, and if he can
be found the £5tate authorities will lodge
a charg-e cf murder against him.
Special PUpatch to The Call
Erides.ee Gathered Indicates That a
• Hother and Her Daughter Were
Slain by a Neighbor for
Their Property.
ment Offices.
Sensation Caused Near Dawson by
Arrest of Young Kan Who Oc
cupied One of the Govern-
Strange Disappearance of
Two Women Who Owned
Oregon Land.
The last feature of the morning pro
gramme was the prayer for increase in
the spirit of evangelism. The programme
of this afternoon included: Devotions,
led by Dr. D. H. Parkhurst; address by
the general missionary; report of the
committee of seven. William Thomas
chairman; general discussion, "Women's
Work in Foreign Missions"; addresses
by ladies of the Upcraft Society. The
evening was the foreign missions session
of the convention and was conducted by
Dr. H. C. Mable of Boston and outgoing
missionaries.
Officers for the year were elected as
follows: President. Rev. T. S. Toung;
vice presidents, Revs. A. P. Brown, L. M.
Protzman, W. L. Gaston, William Mc-
Court, W. L. H. Sturtevant, L. J. Saw
yer, G. W. Ayers; corresponding secre
tary. Rev. E. R. Bennett; recording secre
tary. Rev. M. R. Wolfe; treasurer, R. H.
E. Espey; directors — E. P. Vinlng. H. C.
Gilbert. Rev. W. L. Storey, Rev. William
Thomas. Rev. Francis Hope. Rev. C. M.
Hill. Rev. H. J. Vosburg. Mrs. L. A.
Johnson, Rev. Thomas Baldwin and Rev.
W. C. Driver.
FRESNO. Oct. 29. — The second day's
session of the Baptist State Convention
for Northern California and Nevada be
gan this morning at 9 o'clock with song
and grayer. The session this morning
was devoted to reports of committees
and officers. Treasurer R. H. E. Espey
presented his report, showing about
J4000 raised in the field for the exten
sion of mission work in this State.
Secretary E. R. Bennett presented 'a
report of the spiritual condition of the
work throughout the State and the
growth of the missionary fields. His re
port showed an encouraging condition of
the Baptist work in this State. A par
tial report of the committee on enroll
ment showed 119 delegates present.
Next followed the report of the com
mittee on home missions, which was
read by N. L. Freeman and showed for
the year a force of 1310 workers engaged
in mission work in North America. 120
new churches, 58S3 new converts. 55,000
addition to the Baptist church member
ship, h8,S33 attending mission Sunday
schools, 7000 scholars In schools for ne
groes and Indians and contributions
amounting to J621.387 32.
Then came the chief address of the
morning, on '"Home Missions," by Rev.
Francis Hope of the Healdsburg Church,
whose controlling thought was the prob
lem of immigration confronting this na
tion.
The shooting took place on the main
business thoroughfare and was a • result
of a quarrel between Evans and the ne
gro. On Wednesday night Evans used
the negro roughly during an encounter
and "Shine" had him arrested this morn
ing. The negro armed himself with a re
volver and when the two enemies met this
afternoon the shooting was a natural cul
mination of the affair. Evans beat a has
ty retreat into the saloon when the negro
drew his weapon.
There was much excitement for a while
and talk of lynching the negro, but cooler
counsel prevailed. The negro was taken
to Fresno and placed in the county jail
for safe keeping.
SELMA, Oct. 29.— "Will Jordan, a saloon
keeper, was shot late this afternoon by a
negro, who was out gunning for another
man. The negro, a local character called
"Shine" because of his avocation as a
bootblack, shot at W. H. Evans, a livery
man, but the bullet went wide of the
mark and struck Jordan, who was in his
saloon. Jordan was wounded In the shoul
der and the bullet narrowly, missed *his
Jugular vein In its course. The physi
cians who extracted the missile report he
will recover.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Two Thousand Stamped Mes
sages in an Employe's
Possession.
A dragnet clause also appears in the
Indictment against John Doe, whose real
name may appear later in the j course of
the Grand • Jury's Investigations. Wtio
T»-^< ORTLAXD, Oct. 29.— The Grand
|l| Jury to-day returned an addl- •
||^' tlonal indictment against Miss
**• Mary I* Ware, former United^
States Commissioner at Eugene;
Horace G. McKinley and . S. A- D.
Puter, timber land operatore. charg
ing: them with conspiracy to defraud the
Government of public lands. These three
have already been indicted for forgery
in connection with the land frauds, j
Bullet Strikes the Wrong Per
. son, but Arouses the
Populace.
Interesting Report Made on
the Frogre3S of Mis
sion Work.
Assistant Postmaster in
Klondike in Grave]
Trouble.
Indictment for Forgery
Sheds Light on Prob
able Murder.
Selections Are Made at
State Convention
in Fresno. \
Selma Bootblack Shoots
, Saloonkeeper by
Accident *-M:
JURY'S ACT
MAY CLEAR
THE MYSTERY
HOLDS MAIL
FOR MONEY
IN LETTERS
BAPTISTS NAME
THEIR OFFICERS
CITIZENS TALK
O F A LYNCHING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.Ii, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1903.
More Indictments Are Found in Portland and There Is
Abundant Promise That Sensational Disclosures
Ate to Come Before the Investigation Is Over
GRAND JURY PROBES DEEPLY
INTO TIMBER LAND FRAUDS
3
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS,
"ifTlMPOSSIBLE
To Disprove Pacts — It Is Decidedly
Easy to Verify Saa T ran Cisco
Opinion.
Nothing by way of an introduction
cou!d be added to the experience and
opinions given below which could in-
crease their value. San Francisco peo-
ple can safely be left to draw their own
conclusions, based on such convincing
proof as this citizen offers. What Is there
lacking in evidence like this to satisfy a
dyed-in-the-wool doubting Thomas?
Edward McDonnell, boiler-maker at the
Pacific Coast Boiler Works, residence 2766
Bryant street, says: "Any man who fol-
lows my calling requires a good, sound.
Ftrong back, and when for a year that
back Is weak, and often pains. life be-
comes almost a burden. An advertisement
about Doan's Kidney Pills Induced me to
try them. If the first box , had not
brought undoubted results I never would
have purchased a second, and If the sec-
ond had not radically disposed of the at-
lacJc (at least there has been no sign of
a recurrence for the last six months) I
could not be induced to publicly recom-
mend the medicine."
For sal* by all dealers. Price, 50 cents.
Foster-MUburn Co.. Buffalo, N. Y.. sole
apents for the United States.
Remember the name, Doan's. and take
no substitute.
Makes mor?ey for all con-
cerned — Schilling's Best — and
is safe.
At your grocer's, and money-
back.
• ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Long Warm lllilii- '¦'¦-¦
The coats are made of all-wool cheviots in . Wi^^^^^^^Al
fall patterns. The length of tne garments is >0
pare with this one we will sell for $10. V 7? < T^^^^^^f :^^^^^^^p |i^^^^^^r^^i
whatever you pay in our store you get your • '^2^vCzr-_^7 i^^^^^^^^^M^ ;
Out-of-town customers can get the same satisfaction by Jsi3&&f£ik -*^P- .. -^^^
mail as though they bought in person. Write for 64-page *^^^^^^a *^^^^^^^^^^"BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND,
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY,
2148 Center Street
Telephone North 77.
ALAKTEDA,
¦1435 Park Street.
Telephone Eagle 502.
NEW CARNEGIE LIBRARY BUILDING TO BE ERECTED IN BERKELEY FROM PLANS BY JOHN GALEN
HOWARD, HEAD OF THE DEPARTMENT OF ARCHITECTURE OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA,
THAT HAVE BEEN ACCEPTED BY THE TRUSTEES.
' BERKELEY, Oct-> 29.— The benefit en
tertainment .this evening* at ; Shattuck
Hall 'drew a 'large -crowd and 'netted a
substantial sum ¦¦ to - St.". Joseph's ; Church.
A (vaudeville ['¦ programme .was followed
byL the presentation of farce "Among
the Breakers."** The 'entertainers were
W. C. Harrison. ,W.J.; O'Brien. Miss;Lil
lian Beaumont. IT. . A.".' O'Brien, ¦ Fred ,W.
Huber, 1 Charles Bulotti.' Michael Donigan
and Miss Constance -Fisher. -
St. Joseph's Church Benefited.
ALAMEDA,^ Oct. 29.- Webster-street
roadway and* plans 'for its betterment
were discussed at the moating of the Wost
End ~ Improvement .Association - to-night.
City Attorney M. W. Simpson' explained
that he had examined the legiii status of
the thoroughfare and; while he considered
it to be practlcallya county highway, he
said that there was' at present no law
under which the county could be • called
upon to stand any share of what it wonld
cost to 'put the roadway in first-class
condition" so that it would be easily pas
sable at all seasons of the year. ¦
Simpson stated that he had . taken t"he
matter. ui> -with- Senator J. R. ; Knowln.id
and Assemblyman J. : C.'--'. Bates and cbe
lieved", that j relief could - be - obtained from
the n"ext " Legislature^ Major Charles L.
Tilden, George W."Denrtis,C.~C. V'olberg
and V. M. Frodden have?. been. named by
the West End : Improvement * Association
as • a committee ¦ to promote • the project
for the improvement of 'the roadway.
Committee Is Appointed to Promote
.1. the Project for Improvement
of Thoroughfare.
WEBSTER STREET ROADWAY
SUBJECT OP DISCUSSION
i The speakers all took turns in admon
ishing .the rooters to back up the foot
ball eleven with all their might. Bruce
Wright, former president of the Associ
ated Students, told them they ought to
get together and work as one man; Pro
fessor - Frank Soule dwelt upon thesim
portance of : team work, which, he said,
was the best way to produce the biggest
noise; Roy Smith, ex-yell leader, gave a
few exhibitions showing how to get the
most noise; Sam Stow, varsity left
guard, said the team couldn't win unless
it had the support, of* the whole band of
"rooters." Assemblyman \V. H. Waste
declared he had come to "rub it into"
the" students for lack of college spirit,
but the enthusiasm to-night demonstrat
ed ' that th*ls was unnecessary. J. E.
Roadhouse-was the chairman ..of the
evening and Philip Carey the yeil leader.
This was "pajamarino" night at the
University of California." A great crowd
of yelling, roystering students let every
body know that it was something extra
ordinary. They filled the pit of the
Greek Theater to its limit, all of them
garbed in pajamas and making a most
grotesque spectacle.
The "rooters", were dressed according
to their class. colors. The seniors wore
red, the juniors came in green, the soph
omores in another shade of red and the
freshmen In blue and gold. After the
speechmakiner" the ."rooters" formed the
"serpentine" and • twined 'innumerable
times, around the -immense fire "that was
built in the center of the pit. Round and
round they went, crowding and pushing,
until after a while they drifted -away
from sheer exhaustion. j
Berkeley Office San. Francisco Call,
2143 Center Street, Oct. 29.
Students Listen to Ad
vice on Subject of
HEAR REMARKS
ON NOISEMAKING
Allegheny City to Be Quarantined.
PITTSBURG, Oct. 29.— Dr. Wllmer Eatt,
quarantine officer at large for. the State
Board of Health, arrived here to-day
from Washington. Allegheny City has not
yet been quarantined, but Dr. Batt has
had i circulars i printed and mailed to all
banks in Western Pennsylvania and sur
rounding territory _ not . to accept any
money from Allegheny which ha3 not
been :. fumigated, and has put advertise
ments "In papers of "all surrounding
towns warning the people to remain away
from Allegheny.' ' : ¦-¦..-
The latest statistical estimates for the
German Empire place the population at
58,549,000. From these figures It appears
that the population has Increased L4S per
cent in the last year.
+ — f.
There are thirty-five brldsres across th«
Mississippi between St. Paul and St.
Louis.
BERKELEY. Oct. 29. — Superintendent
W. S. Palmer of the Southern Pacific
Company rode ( pver the lines of the com
pany to-day with the object, it is stated,
of making arrangements to meet the re
duction, in fSrry time made by. the new
ferry system. It is understood that the
Southern Pacific will put on fast trains
during the early morning and evening
hours. These will run straight through
from the mole to Golden Gate station,
and then stop at all the stations except
Adeline. On the return trip L the flyers
will make the last stop at Golden Gate.
The passengers at the stations between
the mole aqd Shell Mound will be picked
up by a new local train that will take
the place of the present "West Berkeley
local. The new system, if adopted, will
go into effect on December l.\
SOUTHERN PACIFIC TO MEET
REDUCTION IN FEBRT TIME
System of Fast Flyers Will, Take the
Place ' r. the Present Slow-Go
• ing Trains.
OAKLAND Oct. 29.— The cases of Dr.
C. L. Lancaster and Dr. G. N. Hein,
dentists arrested on a charge of practic
ing without a license, were dismissed to
day by Police Judge Mortimer Smith on
motion of Prosecuting Attorney A. P.
Leach. These dentists were amons a
number who were arrested on complaint
of C. C. Hamilton, representing the State
Board of Dental Examiners. On behalf
of. the dentists. Attorney Leach said there
was no question that a gross injustice
had* been done in the arrests of these
practitioners and that Dr. Lancaster was
one of the oldest professional men in
Oakland and ha., at all times met all
of the law's requirements. Dr. Hein had
not been practicing in Oakland for sev
eral months, but was in San Francisco
and had complied with the law. .
nounces Action of State Board of
Dental Examiners.
Leach, the Prosecuting Attorney, De-
CASES OF ARRESTED
DENTISTS DISMISSED
"Have you ever thought about the one
legged man. how numerous he is. what
he. does for a livelihood?" asked an ob
servant man. "Well, I suppose you have
without paying much attention to what
you were thinking about. You will find
many men who are thus afflicted quite
as well off in the affairs of the world aa
men who still retain both of their lower
limbs. Many of the brave soldiers who
took cart In the little skirmish of the
sixties left the fighting: with one leg, or
they were wounded in such a way that
they lost the limb afterward because am
putation ¦ became necessary. Frequently
this condition • confronted the wounded
soldier many years after the war. So
there are many one-legged men who are
prominent in all the professions and in
all the business affairs of the country.
"But I was thinking of another class
of men, men who are not, for one reason
and another, fitted for the more respon
sible positions in life, the class of men
who perforce fall into the moat conven
ient grooves for the aims and responsi
bilities which beset them. He Is a boot
black now and then, and we find him
lounging on the corner, waiting for some
good customer who will give him the us
ual allowance for a shine. Sometimes
we will find him at other things which
do not reaulre too much leg work.' as
the saying goes. But I had in mind a still
more curious fact in connection with the
calling of • the one-legged man. - Did you
know that fully 90 per cent of the rall-
Toad flagmen in the United States are
one-legged men? Did you know that fully
90 per cent of the men who sweep out
the srooves and who grease them, at the
curves on street railway lines are one
legged men? It is a fact, whether you
know it or not. and a little closer ob
servation will convince you of It. So you
find • the one-legged man at crossing of
the roads, ana your lifers often In his
hands. If he naus he may whiff your
candle out. Or if he should give a false
signal for some reason something might
happen to a whole trainload of people.
So true Is it that the one-legged man i»
the flagman In all the plays where It
has been necessary to introduce him. the
flagman is one-legged. The verdict of the
stage Is not always good, but in this re
spect I am inclined to think that no mis
take has been made. So. after all. the
one-legged man plays an important and
responsible »art in the affairs of th«
world."— Baltimore Herald.
Are Now More Numerous Than
Generally Supposed in All Sta
tions of Life.
ONE-LEGGED MEN MAY
BE SEEN EVEEYWHEBS
Th« crosa-country run this afternoon was
won by Tclchert '07. Olsen '07 being second.
The distance was four and a half miles, which
the ¦winners covered In 25:31 and 25:50 respec
tively, with nve-minute handicaps. Hackley
and Tlbbets.two of th« scratch men, went the
distance In 26:50 3-5. beins tied. Newhall.
the other scratch . man, was among the Ia3t
arrivals The other runners were Moody,
Wheeler. -Lowell. Clifford. Joy. Button, Mish
ler. BufTord. Backus. Demerltt. Dunham,
Goldsmith. Babson. La Grange. Druhe, Foster.
Lyon, Bryan. Barnes. Kelsey, Rued. Westoo.
Ching and Mitzman. I
The faculty athletic committees of
the four universities have decided in
formally to make four Important changes
in regard to athletic contests. One
of these is that the Intercollegiate foot
fall came shall be" played on the univer
sity campuses after this year, the first game
to be played at Berkeley. The other Is that
the freshmen play three games instead of one.
and these to be played In February of each
year. The third chans* relates to freshman
baneball and track events, which th« commit
tee* think ought to be held. The fourth change
bears on the colors to be worn by the football
eleven?, which the committees believe should
be distinctive In order to avoid confusion.
BERKELEY, Oct. 29.— A surplus of $C«9 CO
for the Durchasf of books for the Enfflish de
partment of the library was the financial out
come of the presentation of "Twelfth Night"
by the Ben Greet company of English players,
which was given as part of the recent dra
matic festival for the dedication of the Greek
Theater. "Phedre." the French play, wis
also a financial success, the sum of $1S 58
representing: the surplus. Thla sum " will be
devoted to the uurchase of ' books for the de
partment cf Romanic languages.
The Board of Resents has set aside $20,000
for the uie of the library committee. This will
be used to purchass new books, fill out incom
plete sets and reblnd worn out books. A tenth
of the amount will be used for reblndingr. The
ofneers of the various departments have been
invited to prepare lists of the books they
want.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
BERKELEY, Oct. 29. — The Rev. Rich
ard L. Halsey, pastor of the First Bap
tist Church, resigned from the pulpit
last night after four years. His object
is to accept a position as Immigration
inspector at Honolulu, to which he was
recently appointed by the United States
Government. The Rev. Mr. Halsey has
been .acting as Japanese interpreter at
San Francisco in addition to his duties
as 'pastor, and his going to Honolulu ia
in the line of promotion. His commis
sion waa received from Secretary Cor
telyou of the Commerce and L?bor De
partment. He will leave'Tdv'TionoluIa
immediately with his wife.
RESIGNS PULPIT TO TAKE
POSITION AT HONOLULU
The Rev. Richard L. Halsey Accepts
Place as Immigration Inspector
i».t Island Port.
As soon as they were out of sight tha
alarm was given and the brideless groom
was told that his wife had been stolen
and carried away in a hack. He thought
at first that she was hidden in the house,
but after a thorough search, found that
she was not there and, securing another
carriage, started In pursuit of the kid
napers. They had a long start, however,
and were not overtaken and the groom.
after, a search that lasted until Ions after
midnight, returned to the desolated home
to report the failure of his quest. As ha
entered the house he was met by his
'kidnaped' wjf^ who, demurely asked him
where he had been spending the evening.
The bride is the daughter of the late W.
T. Jones, a well known mining man of
East Oakland. She Is a sister of Mrs.
W. J. Webber and Mrs. W. Reid Plunkett.
The groom's home Is in Portland. Or.,
and he is a well known and popular aa
sayer. The young couple' will probably
make their home in this city.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway, Oct. 20. i
To have his bride kidnaped and earrie*
off less than an hour after being married
was the misfortune that befell Harry
Dunning Lee, chief chemist of the Con
fidence cyanide plant of Tuolumne Coun
ty, last night. The youjig man had Just
been joined in wedlock to Miss Geneve
Jones of 1529 Ninth avenue, and while
friends were congratulating the bride, the
youngr husband stepped Into another
room for a moment to speak to his moth
er-in-law, Mrs. W. T. Jones.
While he was absent the bride was en
ticed to the front door on the pretext
that fhere was a message for her, when
a shawl was thrown over her head and
she was picked up by Dr. B. D. Williams,
who carried her to a waiting carriage.
Miss Helen Lloyd, a cousin of the bride,
and Fred Le Balister entered the carriage
with them and they were quickly driven
away.
After a chase half around the world
and the capture of Julius Jorgensen, ac
cused of absconding with $8000 of the
funds of a bank in which he was em
ployed in Denmark, word has been re
ceived that he is apt to go free, as the
evidence against him Is not sufficient
without the testimony of Johanna Mul
ler, the bank stenographer who eloped
with him, and who is now living at
Golden Gate with her child. She refuses
to return and testify against him. and
the Danish Consul now fears that the
prosecution will fail in Denmark.
When Jorgensen left here to return in
company with the officers he stated that
he would come back as soon as possible.
The maximum punishment for the crime
of which he was charged is very 'light
there and it was argued that as the sen
tence begins as soon as the person Is
taken into custody the months spent in
Jail here would leave him less than a
year to serve. Miss Muller is living here
and waiting for his return.
In explanation of his act, Jorgensen
said his married life had not been a suc
cess and he, ran away with his type
writer. He also took" his two children
with him. They came to this country
and traveled through the East and
finally drifted to Oakland, to which place
the officers tracked them by their bag
gage. His two children, a girl and a
boy. were sent back with him. While
here a child was born to Miss Muller,
and when he left she was given an op
portunity to earn a living for herself and
offspring. They had spent less than
$2000 of the money, and there is still
something more than $6000 in two of the
local banks here, which he deposited and
which has been tied up. by the courts.
Information brought here at the time
of Jorgensen's arrest was to the effect
that his peculation had been very clev
erly covered up by his bookkeeping and
that wit,hout^the stenographer's testi
mony it would be very difficult to fasten
the taking of the money upon him.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 29.
Friends of Geneve Jonefl
Carry Her Away in
a Hack-
Stenographer, Wi'h Whom
He Eloped, Now Liv.ng
at Golden Gate.
Woman's Testimony Is
Needed to Convict
Absconder. I
Harry Lee Loses Wife
. an Hour After the
Wedding.
JOKERS KIDNAP
BLUSHING BRIDE
JORGENSEN MAY
GAIN FREEDOM
The - wise * weather, prophet never •" bets
real money on his predictions... : .; . ¦
All the rogue wants is Justice— to hear
him . tell it
-OAKLAND, Oct.' 29.— A burglar, stola
several' bottles of whisky ; last night' from
.Thomas .White's ; saloon, : 623. Erua&way./
Burglar Steals Whisky.
OAKLAND, Oct. 29.— Th«i folfowlng mar
riage: licenses were Issued by. the County
Clerk"to-day: James M. Page, 44, and
Mrs. Margaret E. Traver8,.34, both of
Oakland; Alexander B. Chappe, 33,LHay
wards, and Mary L. Brobeck, 23, Oakland;
James M. English, 32, and Maggie ;Alden,
32,''both; of San Francisco; ; Dennis '¦ Hol
land, over 21, , and • Catherine M. '¦. Boogar,
over lS.-both of. Oakland. .- ¦. . , ........
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Oct. 29.-DeaJers in second
hand merchandise have filed a protest
with the city Tax Collector against a rul
ing which declares they must, pay a
license on a par with junk peddlers. The
dealers claim that they handle second
hand wares as incidental ' to a general
buriness and should. not be compelled to
buy the Mcense. A test will be made of
the decision.
Protest Against a License.
OAKLAND, Oct. 29— James . Killlan, a
contractor, died : yesterday at *, his ¦ home,
663 street, after an illness
of several weeks. 1 ' The funeral will be held
at' St.*.' Francis"de; Sales ;Church' at ,9:30
a.', m.: Friday. VThe deceased.leaves a-. wife
and; three." children, ~ Joseph, Maryland
Helen Killlan. ~ '-^&&&Sf3ESEffl8S
Well-Known ; Contractor Dead.
ALAMEDA, Oct. ,29.— Chief F. K.
Krauth ,'of the Fire Department , has ; ap
pointed the following ' "call 1 ; men to take
the , place of Cordes '' Hose Company ' No. 1
5 of the volunteer department/which .will
disband Saturday, night' after being in ex
istence for thirteen, years:*. Louis '>£.'
Cordes, Percy - R." Fox, ; H.s W. Creason and
F. L. Creason. C^The . "call" .; men ¦' will I be
paid .$5 for eachialarm"for;a: flre^where
work has to be done and $2 50 for respond
ing to an alarm.
Appoints Four Firemen.
OAKLAND. Oct. ».-Plans have been
submitted to the Board of Public Works
for the renovation of .the Board of
Health's old quarters on Fifteenth street
at the rear of the City Hall, for us- as a
courtroom by city. Justice George Sam
uels. Prisoner* • will be taken direct to
the courtroom dock from the City Prison
by a rear entrance.
Plans for New Courtroom.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 29.— Alameda Branch
No. 135, National i Association of . Letter
Carriers, will hold Its second annual ball
for Ihe • benefit of the relief fund - of , the^
organization ¦ in Armory Hall , to-morrow
night. The committee • in charge ' of i the
dance consists of F. H, Splnk, P.-R.Fox,-
W. C. Forsythe, \ VI H. Smith. Herbert
Hamma, C. J.. Hammond Jr., F. S. Rol
lins, E. J. Rennell and C.B. Foster.
Mail Carriers Will Dance.
OAKLAND. Oct. 29.-Companies A. F
and G. National Guard of California, were
infected last night at the ' Twelfth
rtr^et armory by Colonel T. E. Wilhelm
of the regular army, who has been ap
pointed by the Secretary of War to In
spect the National Guard of California.
During the inspection the announcement
was made by Major Smith that the three
companies would go into camp with reg
ular troops next year and would be paid
by the Federal Government while in
camp.
National Guard Inspected.
' It . is stated ..that Mrs. Temple, . the
widow; has settled her; claim out of court
for the same amount offered the Children
and that the family will receive altogether
$8500.
A petition to compromise the claim of
the two children of, the late William 1u
Temple against the Southern Pacific Rail
way, for the death of their father in the
Byron train wreck was presented to the
court to-day. The petition Is made by
TV. J. , Crandley, guardian of Ruby I.
Temple and i Hope A, Temple, aged re
spectively 17 and 3 years. He states that
the company is willing to pay r the 'elder
child $1500 and the other $2730. While he
believes that a judgment could be secured
against the company for a larger ' sum,
he says that he has no'money with which
to fight the suit for the children and that
the attorney's fees would be from one^
third to one-half of what he could re
cover, and he thinks that it would bo to
their advantage to accept. this amount. '•
' The two girls are the orphan children
of the late W. L. Temple, who was State
organizer of the Woodmen. of "the World.
He was traveling on the. Owl train on
the night of the • 21st t of last-December,
when the train was telescoped while '-. at
'a -': standstill near Byron . station by the
Stockton flier. j^jfmffiffifKfetnlif|ffff
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 29. S
OAKLAND, Oct. 29.— Mrs. Mar" Brock,
residing at 1264 Kirkham street, lias been
arrested on complaint of Mrs. Mary
O'Donnell. residing at 1222 Cypress street,
who claims -Mrs. Brock stole 575. from a
room where. the complainant ?ay. sick in"
bed. The accused woman vigorously de
nies guilt and -declares that a suit for
damages will result. Mrs. O'Donnell, ac
cording to hpr former' fnend; was- suf
fering from a serious fit or nervous hys
teria and Mrs. Brock went to her relief.
It is said the money was In Mrs. O'Don
nell's room and was missed soon after
Mrs. Brock left the house.
Guilt Is Denied by Accused;- \ Who
Threatens to Bring Suit for
Damages.
WOMAN CHARGES FBIEND
WITH THEFT OF MONEY
OAKLAND, Oct 29.— John A. Howard,
who was tried here some years ago for
the murder of a Miss Johnson, and who
after acquittal married the sister of the
young woman he was accused of having
killed, has failed to. answer his wife's
complaint for a divorce, and has had a
default judgment entered against him.
Howard is in San Quentin serving a sen
tence for complicity in the squirrel scalp
frauds in Tulare County.
The case attracted a great deal of at
tention at the time on account of the .act
that Hulda Johnson, the sister of the
dead girl, stood by the man who was
charged with her sister's death. After
he had been acquitted they went- away
and were married. Later he was : caught
In connection with his j later crime and
punished. . • -i
A divorce was granted to-day to May
K. Gischel from George Gischel, a butcher
of Ashland, Or., on the ground of .deser
tion. A letter from him, in answer to one
Mrs. Gischel wrote in. which she told him
she intended to go to' him was read, and
in it he advised her that Ashland ts a
•jay town" and when she got there to
keep on going. *'/ r V
Minnie M. • Fletcher * was granted a di
vorce from William . A-.' Fletcher -on the
ground of extreme cruelty. She was also
given the- custody of their child.
Mrs. Gischel Granted Divorce as Hus
band Told Her to Keep
Moving.
JOHN HOWAED FAILS TO
ANSWER WIFE'S COMPLAINT
Railway .Offers Temple
Family $$500 as
• The second of the series of addresses on
missionary work will be delivered next
Sunday by the Rev. Francis H. Robinson,
Sunday-school missionary for the First
Presbyterian Church of Nevada. This
lecture will be followed by three others
at later dates by Mrs. McOraw of Berke
ley, Miss Edna B. Kinnard and Mrs. J.
B. Hume.
The reception committee Includes all
the officers and teachers of the Sunday
school.
OAKLAXD. Oct. 29.— The Sunday-school
of the First Presbyterian Church •will give
a social Friday evening, October 30. The
committees In charge of the event are as
follows:
Decoration*— O. Earle Kelley, Mrs. D. C.
Mitchell. Samuel Gray. Miss Lucy Maxwell,
Mies Lue Woodward and Mr*. P. M. Green
ward' 6 classes. Programme — E. F. Welhe,
Mies Lue Woodward, F. W. Oreenwart, Miss
May Coog&n. Miss A. de Fremerr. Premiss Bee
and Miss A. Maude Hunt. Refreshments —
Mrs. J. H. McCloekle, Mrs. E. F. Weihe, B.
TV. Cheney Robert Edwards, Theodore Wltt
•chen. Hailer Clarrese, Laurence Hotchkiss
and Mies Ethel Mayon.
Social Next Friday and Lecture Sun-
day at First Presbyterian
Church.
TWO NOTABLE EVENTS
IN SUNDAY SCHOOL
Larsen and the cook of the schooner,
Charles McCondah, were both drowned
in the accident to the little craft, which
was caught in a. Jieavy blow while on
the way from San Francisco to the-Mor
gan Oyster Company's beds at Millbrae.
The schooner was loaded with ice and
packing boxes, piled high on the - deck.
When the heavy wind struck her she cap
sized, and sank before . a , move could be
made by Captain Gustavsen. The four
men in the crew went down, the fourth
man. being E. M. Mikkelsen, the. mate.
The captain and mate clung to the small
boat, but Larsen and McCondah sank al
most immediately.
The dav of the disaster Mrs. Larsen
and the Larsens' three children arrived
in England, en route to Sweden to [ visit
the old home. Larsen was about 35 years
of age and had long been in the oyster
company's employ, j He was well known
along the water front in San Francisco.
The body of a man found yesterday In
the bay near Roberts Landing was iden
tified to-day as that of EmilLarsen, en
gineer of the gasoline schooner Admiral,
capsized* the moraine of October 9 In a
southeaster off Hunters Point, San Fran
cisco. Identification was made by E. W.
Crellin, president' of the Morgan Oyster
Company, which owned the schooner.
Crellin visited the Branch' Morgue, at
Haywards this morning and at once rec
ognized the remains. '
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 29.
Remains Pound in Bay
Those of Schooner's
Engineer.
LARSEN'S BODY
IS IDENTIFIED
WOULD SETTLE
DEATH CLAIM
On the main floor will be the reading
room on one side and the reference room
on the other, each 25x48 feet. At the
rear wjjl be the delivery desk, the libra
rian'* Office and the stack room, with a
capacity of 40,000 volumes. '"U-l-i
Steam will be used to. heat the entire
building. In edition to. which there will
be open fireplaces in each of the rooms.
The dimensions of the building will be
74x74 feet, with two stories. The mate
rials to be used In the structure will be
brick, with terra cotta trimmings. The
roof will be tiled.
. The basement will be above the street,
practically making one story. This wilt
contain the juvenile reading-room, cata
loguers' department, janitor's room and
lavatories.
Carnegie library for the' town of
Berkeley, which have Just been accepted
by. the library trustees, comprehend a
building modeled after the old style of
Spanish architecture that " is to ' cost
about $35,000. Andrew Carnegie gave*
the town $40,000 for the building, but
$6000 of this will be set aside for furni
ture and fittings. It will be built on the
lot at the "southwest corner of Shattuck
avenue and Klttredge street, which is
the gift of Mrs. Rose Shattuck, widow
of the late F. K. Shattuck.
BERKELEY, Oct. 29. — The plans
of John Galen Howard, super
vising architect of the Univer
sity.of California, for the new
Announcement has been made of. the engage
ment of Mine Ella B. Graves, | the musician,
and C. C. V. Reeve, The bride is a sister of
Frank B. Graves, librarian of the Free Li
brary- The groom Is employed in the audit
ing department of the Southern Pacific Com
pany In San Francisco. No date for the wed
dlnc baa been set. .
ALAMEDA, Oct 29. — Spruce Camp. Wood
men of the World, held a whist party in Wood
men's Hall Tuesday night. Prizes were won
by Mm. Frank Priestly, Miss Hattie Muzzy,
Mrs. Barbara Naber, Mrs. Notnagle, Mrs. M.
F. Colson, S. E. Grove. Harry Foley. Frank
Bexen, Dr. Tappan Lum and Charles Adams.
Mrs. MattSe A. Dalton has just returned
fr.oin Sacramento, where she went as one of
the reoresentatives from Oak Leaf Chapter
No. S to the recent Grand Chapter, Order of
Eastern Star. Mrs. Mlttie. Reed. Watson, Mrs.
Ada M. Dalton, Mrs. W. F. Batchelder and
Mrs. Ada M. Cockerton were also in attend
ance at the Grand Chapter, and all report a
most delirhtful ume. Visiting members were
entertained by the Sacramento chapters in a
very hospitable fashion.
The Tuesday Afternoon Club was entertained
yesterday by Mlas Edna Barry. The members
of this club will be hostesses Saturday night
at the Golf Club dance, at which the honored
guests will be Miss Edna Barry, Miss Jacque
line Moore, Mrs. Irving' Burrell (nee Kenna)
and Mr*. George Davis (nee Lowden).
At a luncheon given by Mrs. Henry 'Wether
bee at her FYuitvale home yesterday the guests
were: Mrs. George B. Sperry, Mrs. Lewis
Rlsdon Mead, Mrs. Hiram Hall, Mrs. John C.
Klein, Mrs. Charles Farnum and Mrs. Henry
Reed of, Cbico.
The Wheelock Club enjoyed a pleasant after
noon yesterday at the residence of Mrs. Paul
Lohse, on Webster street. The prize wad
won by Mrs.] George W. Cope.
• '.< .-•> - •
Mr. and Mr*. William Moller, accompanied
by their daughters. Misses Ernestine and
Eleanor Moller, have" gone East for an ex
tended visit. They will meet Miss Lillian
Moller, who has been traveling- in Europe, in
New York. The family expects to return some
time in December.
• -„••• ¦ -•
A. Daiziel, who has been ill for the past
eijht weeks, was operated on this morning,
for the- second time, at Fabiola Hospital. R».
porta as to his condition to-day are quite fa
vorable. Mrs. Dalzicl. who Is constantly- In
attendance on her husband, was formerly Miss
Helen Bruninsr.
Ml«s Steers, the clever young impresario
of the north, came down from Portland with
Dxxas and Madame Xordica, and oc-cui>ied i
box last night at the Macdonough Theater
with Mr. and Mrs. James Tyson of Alameda.
• • •
OAKLAND, Oct. 29.— Mr. and Mrs. George
R. Babcock «nee Olney) have returned from
their honeymoon and are at the Olney home
in Kast Oakland.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
OAKLAND, Oct. 29.— Petition was filed
to-day for permission to change the
name of the Brooklyn Banking Company
to that of the South Berkeley Bank. The
location of the bank Is to be changed
from that part of Oakland known r.s
Brooklyn to South Berkeley, where tne
majority of the stockholders live.
Bank Changes Name.
Cuvellier and Wallace spoke at length
ia favor of the test, as did Councilman
Howard, who argued that the plan pre
sented a solution of the problem and
would settle the controversy.
A special meeting of the street com
mittee has bee^ called for Thursday
evening, November 5, to consider the pro
posed Improvement of Telegraph and
Sen Pablo avenues.
Councilman Elliot of the Second Ward
spoke against the resolution, declaring
that the argument of the protestants was
simply one of sentiment against the ex
ihtence of the crematory.
**If some one must be sacrificed for the
general g-ood, as suggested by Mr. Good
ffilow;" 6ald Elliott, "why- not build the
crematory of marble and put it in the
heart of the city or In the lakeside dis
trict? Make It a sacrifice fit for the
gods. Don't compel a few poor property
owners to puffier."
Councilman Cuvellier uncovered the
fact that P. A. Sexton, on© of the hard
est protestants, had sold some of his
property to ttie Incinerating company.
"That Is so?" Queried the Councilman
of Sexton, who was in. the lobby. "Yes,
but I have more property out there." re
plied Sexton, "and I am still against the
crematory-"
OAKLAND, Oct 29.— The ordinance
and Judiciary committee of the
City Council to-night by a vote of three
to two recommended that Councilman
John L. Howard's resolution to give the
Pacific Incinerating Company's plant a
thirty <5ays* test be adopted. The vote
Ftood: For the resolution, Cuvellier, Wal
lace and Howard; against, Elliott and
XlcAdams. It was not without a hot pas
sage of words among representatives of
the company and the protesting Second
Warders that the resolution reached a
vote. Attorney J. IL Creeley, for the
Protestants, declared that if the plant
should be opened he would immediately
p<> to the courts.
"You have no right," announced the
lawyer, "to run this crematory in a resi
dence district. It is a nuisance of itself
tind I am prepared to go Into court and
stop its operation If we can."
W. S. Goodfellow. appearing for the
first time as counsel for the incinerating
company, said: "We are perfectly willing
to meet the protestants in the courts.
What harm can be done by making the
V>et? If It be a nuisance then the test
will settle It for all time. If It be not a
nuisance the people ought to be satisfied
to know that."
The attorney declared that the old con
tract, under which the plant had been
built, was a valid one, and that the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals In
the San Francisco Reduction Works case,
recently decided, had established the law
so strongly thai the contract was abso
lutely upheld. He suggested that the
new contract presented by Mr. Dornln
was in the nature of a compromise and
was acceptable to the company, which
would concur with its terms to bring
about a friendly feeling.
After a Hot Session the In
cinerating Company
Has Its Way.
Council Agrees to Per
mit Thirty Days' Ex
perimenting.
OAKLAND WILL
TEST CREMATORY
City Attorney Simpson also persuaded
the lawyer for the Southern Pacific to be
satisfied with the three switch tracks in
use at the west end of Pacific avenue, al
though the management asked to be per
mitted to have five tracks there. In ad
dition to this Mr. Simpson was assured
by Mr. Herrin that his company would,
after taking up Its tracks on Railroad
avenue from Eighth street west, repair
and macadamize that portion of the thor
oughfare now occupied by the -roadbed.
"Bald grantee shall not use any portion
of the main line of said railroad herein
described/ except that portion extending
from the Harrison-street bridge to the
roadway between Webster street and
Eighth street In the city of Alameda, for
the transportation of freight other than
freight destined to or from Alameda."
In the draft of the franchise for the
south side line the freight clause reads:
"No freight except that destined to or
from the city of Alameda, or to or from
points on the railroad of said grantee ex
tending from the city of Alameda to the
city of Santa Cruz, shall be transported
over the main line herein described be
tween the eastern boundary of the city of
Alameda and Alameda Point."
ALAMEDA, Oct. 29.— City Attorney M.
W. Simpson, representing Alameda, and
Attorney E. A. Herrln, representing the
Southern Pacific Company, met at the of
fice of the latter in 8an Francisco this
afternoon and reached a definite agree
ment with respect to the form of the re
strictive freight claueea to be embodied
In the franchises that the corporation
seeks for its two local railroads and which
It is now thought will be granted by the
City Trustees next Monday night. In
the draft of the t ranchise . f or the north
Fide line the freight clause reads as fol
low?: : '-
Oily Attorney Arrives at an
Agreement - With the
Southern Pacific.
Restrictive Parts Will
Appear in Alameda
Franchises.
HERRIN ACCEPTS
FREIGHT CLAUSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 30. 1903.
NEWS OF THE C0DNT¥ 0E ALAMEDA
Structure for Accommodation of Berkeley Readers Will
Be Commodious and Convenient, as Well as Hand
some in Design, and Will Be Heated With Steam
SPANISH STYLE IS ADOPTED
FOR NEW LIBRARY BUILDING
4
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE OCTOBER 30.
The Call's Cook' Book prem-
ium offer will close on October
30, 1903, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
fail to place their order im-
mediately.
This splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of
fifty cents per copy. Out ol
town orders twenty fcanta ad-
ditional to core- prepayment of
transportation charges.Shoe, Clerks "Win the Trophy.
Shoots at Former President of Peru.
AREQUIPA. Peru, Oct. ».— A man fired
tkre* ehots frsxn a revolver here yester
day at former President Romana. Senor
Romana was unhurt and the would-be
assassin escaped.
Mrs. Hendricka Ia Dying.
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind.. Oct. 23. — Mrs.
Thcn-as A. Henrtricks, widow of the late
Vice PresWcrit Hendricks, Is dying.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
« Thursday, October 29- •
•tsar Eur?ka, Jes««i. ;* boun from Eareka.
MEXEOCIXO— s*ued Oct 29— Star Phoenix,
TbaiwUr. October 2>.
LONDON. Oct. 23. — Lord Goaenea Is to t
lected to th* Chancellorship of Ox*crd Va
enitjr In succession to th* U.te Marqnls t
iallsbcry. Lord Kcsebery narinr wlttuirnr
:1s casIMaiure.
The unidentified woman who was found
In an unconscious condition suffering
from, gas asphyxiation in a Stockton
street lodging-house i on Tuesday night
succumbed at the City and County
pital yesterday afternoon. The body was
removed to the Morgue.
Succumbs to Gas Asphyxiation.
Escaped Convicts Picked Up at Sea.
MELBOURNE, Victoria, Oct. a.— A
rewboat cctitainisg several men was
picked nv at sea 400 miles from Noumea,
New Caledonia, and brought here Six
of the rescued men have turned out to
be convicts, who escaped from the French
penal settlement in New CaietLor.ia.
Two employes of the Board of Public
Works had narrow escapes from serious
Injury at Brannan and Seventh streets
yesterday afternoon. The men were about
to descend into a manhole with a lantern
when the escaping sewer gas ' exploded
with terrific force. The gas then took
fire, but the blaze was soon extinguished.
Sewer Gas Explodes.
Senator Bard Returns From Europe.
NEW YORK. Oct. 2f. — Among the pas
sengers on board the steamer Cedric,
which arrived to-night from Liverpool,
were Senator Thomas F. Bard of Califor
rJa. Mr. and Mrs. Andrew Carnegie, Sen
ator and Mrs. Henry Cabot Lodge of
Massachusetts. Marquise de Tallyrand-
Perigord. daughter, of former Vice Pres
ident Levi P. Morton; Joseph Pulitzer
and former Senator George Turner of
Washington.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 23. -When Presi
dent Roosevelt goes to Oyster Bay next
Tuesday to vcte he wfll be accompanied
ty Secretary Loeb. who will also vote in
Oyster Bay: two secrrt service oScials
and several messengers. From New York
the party will go to Oyster Bay en a
special train. The President will remain
at Oyster Eay cot to exceed an hour and
a half and expects to be back in Wash
ington about C:H> p: n. J."
Pr-side=.t Will Cast His Vote.
On the proposed cuto ff . Santa : Fe trains
west -bound will face a maximum grade
of ' thirty feet to "the mile"' ; East-bound
trains • must * push up = a . sixty-foot ; grade,
but ? that.' ts a ' trifle compared • to~; the old
Raton Mountain is "60S feet In elevation
and the railroad grade fs 135 feet to the
mile. Three or four of \ the largest en
gines In the world are required to push
a freight train up that bill. «. Glorieta
Mountain, on the same line, is almost' as
bad. as- It is 74n feet. high. Heavy traf
fic multiplies .the cost of maintenance of
such, roads. Accidents are cooramon-
Long trains break In two and come, thun
dering down- the- canyons. Pusher, en
gines : crush ."empties** ahead . of • them.
Freshets sweep ' down the gulches and
blockade traffic for days at a time.
OMAHA. Nebr.. Oct. 23.— From Rock
Island officials in this city it Is learned
that the decision of the executives of the
Santa Fe to construct a $10,000,000 cutoff
near Albuquerque, N. M., arises from. the
failure of the two railroads to reach an
agreement for the Joint use of the Rock
Island tracks in Kansas and New Mex
ico. The Santa Fe proposes to build SO
miles of railroad to shorten Its line five
miles-. The project Is of more Interest
and importance than any of recent years,
because It .will result in the shortest line
from. . Chicago to Los Angeles and San
Francisco and the saving of $*XU>JO an
nually on operating expenses.
The five miles which the Santa Fe la
paying $10,000,000 to avoid Is close to Albu
querque. Half a mile Is between that
city and La Junta. This short distance
of the work will take nearly all the
money. The other four and a half miles
are not considered material. What counts
is th« 2000 feet difference In altitude be
tween the Raton 'Mountain, the highest
point ! on the present line, and Abo Pass.
the highest point en the proposed cutoff.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The reports from recruiting offices are
said to be satisfactory and lead to the
belief that the corps will be brought to
the fullest strength allowed by law by
January 1 next.
It Is recommended that the leader.', of
the 'Marine Band *** given the pay and
allowances of a captain; the second lead
er that of a second lieutenant, first" class
musicians $1CO a month and second class
$75 a month. In this connection the re
port says: .
Tin order, to keep up . the standard of
the organization, the best musical talent
should be secured, but owing to the con
stant troubles with the various musical
unions of the country it is diQciilt to get
first class men to enlist for the pay now
given to the musicians of the band, and
as fast as their terms of enlistment ex
pire the best musicians decline to re-en-
Kst owing to the fact that they fear they
will not be allowed to accept outside en
gagements '¦'- which will make * their ¦ pay
correspond* with the amount they i could
earn in civil life.":
**I am pleased to say that it was not
a mistake to enact a law which allows
promotion from the ranks," says the gen
eral, "as all the officers In the Marine
Corps from this source have turned out
wen." : ¦ : : . : : - : '¦„:'¦ .-- ¦ \
WASHINGTON. Oct. O.-The annual re
port of Major General Heywood, com
mander of the United States Marine
Corps, contains estimates for the follow
ing, among other Improvements at the
yards and stations named: Mare Island,
CaL, erection of a small prison for the
use of the command at that station; Pu
get Sound. Wash., extension of . present
barracks. ;^lH8
NEW YORK. Oct. 3l— Industrial dis
bursement «JivMends daring November
will be. according to reports so far mad*.
U5.STr.S0O, the smallest monthly aggre
gate la several years^ These figures com
pare with V.1X4,;Z3 In October and $!>.-
S2S.I0O In September. Ia November a year
ago the payments amounted to KS.STMtT.
To a considerable extent the falling oft
tn next - cocnth's grand total Is due to
the retirement by the United States Ste«*
Corporaticn of $133.tll.0CO preferred stock
ur.der the conversion scheme.
Industrial Dividends Decrease.
The free illustrated lecture to be given
this evening In the' auditorium of tha
Young Men's Christian Association by-
James N. Hatch of Chicago will be of
special importance to mechanics and stu
dents. Mr. Hatch's subject win be "Iron
Ore From Mine to Furnace." The admis
sion will be by complimentary tickets,
which may be secured by the public at
the association office. Mason and Ellis
streets. The lecture will be Illustrated.
Lectore for Mechanics.
Ten Million Dollars to
Shorten ¦ Distance
Fiye Miles.
Commander of Marine
Corps Files Annual
Report.
SAYS MUSICIANS'
PAY IS TOO LOW
Negro Bccstaboats on Strike.
MEMPHIS. Term.. Oct. 25.— Because of
a lack cf negro labor five steamboats, tn
clatiSr.g two United States mail carriers,
ere tied cp at this pert. Negro roust
abouts are demanding 5It3 per month,
with one day oIT. Old river men say these
conditiens are unprecedented.
CHICAGO. Oct. 2.— Ore thousand pack-
L-g-ho-'ise can-ers walked out to-<lay.
3oim=jr the striking sausage-makers and
increasirc the numier of die men at the
Btodsyards to 1400. There are sixteen
other tranches cf organized labor In the
peddrg-hcuses yet to make demands, and
sere than 3X0 men are said to stand
ready to E^rpcrt the strikers.
Stockyards Strike Spreading.
To justify the expensive " charge ~± 9
Santa Fe must save in its operator ex
penses at least 4 uer cent Interest oa
$K>.<X3Q.«X>. This Is $400,000 a year, or about
S3 a day for each exile of tha road be
tween Albuquerque aad La Junta. The
fuel to run the engines over the proposed
cutoff must be abcu: 330 tons less si day
than at present is ecssused to cove the
same amount of freight. All this has been
carefully figured out by the 3anta»"Fe
experts. - The ccst has* been counted'' and
the road will be tui'.t.
Southwest was mere successful m secur
ing. traCc To be a competitor the Santa
Fe j realized that It zaust eliminate - the
mountain climbing.
As It is the freight - traffic, which en
ables a road to pay dividends, as long
as the Santa Fe Is obliged to haul thou
sands of carloads of through freight over
the 350 miles of steep grade between La
Junta and Albuquerque it was wasting
Immense sums of money ta fuel, repairs
and general , operating expenses which
stockholders might 'as well receive. Not
only that, but the- Rock Island with Its
tangent line across the tablelands of the
climb . of 1S3. These grades are
at Abo Pass only. The rest of the road
is over the level New Mexico prairies.
Industrially the construction of the cut
off Is of even greater Importance. It will
give Kansas City a second MOO-mlle track
into the heart of New Mexico and will
open up a new cattle grazing country of
great promise. With Irtue or no differ
ence in the grades of the respective roads,
the Santa Fe win have th« shortest line
between Chicago and Los Acgeles by
nineteen miles: between Chicago and San
Francisco by 1SS miles, and between Kan
sas City and San Francisco by 129 miles.
But the Rock Island wul still retain the
shortest line between Kansas City and
Los Angeles by forty miles and between
Kansas City and El Paso by 143 miles.
The Santa Fe will have the advantage on
the long hauls, but L~e Rock Island sur
passes its rival on the short hauls.
SANTA FE ROAD'S
COSTLY CUTOFF
A woman known on the Barbary Coast
as Daisy Williams, and in Stockton,
where she recently figured in a shooting
affair, as Daisy Graham, was arrested
last night on a charge of grand larceny
and vagrancy. She 13 accused by Jack
Teare, a Southern Pacific switchman,
who met her two nights ago in a dance
hall at SIS Pacific street, cf having robbed
him of $30. Shortly after the arrest of
the woman a man named Mike Crowley
asked for a warrant for the arrest of
George Crosble, proprietor of the dance
hall. In which he says he was robbed
cf C». '';;;-- '-O.\
Woman Accused of Theft.
The most spectacular of all his feats '¦
was his winning of $1400 at the Portland ;
Club, a large public gambling house. ]
Here he managed to have himself tipped !
off in advance as a wild and prodigal
Eon of a Chicago millionaire. Then He
bought checks with his forged drafts I
and had soon lost $3000. Next day, how
ever, he *rca $1400 and decamped.
It developed to-day that the forger had
by some method not made public induced
one of the local national banks to cash a
draft, the amount of which Is said to b«»
$1,000. While the Portland Club Is the
largest individual loser, many other jam- ;
bling houses gave the stage money man ;
$100 worth of checks for his drafts. De'ec- [
tives are searching for h'm.
PORTLAND. Or., Oct. ».— Representing
himself to be a Bon of P. D. Armour, an
unknown forger inveigled a national
bank, the Portia rid Hotel, several saloons,
numerous Individual business men and
the largest gambling house In the city
Into caching about $4000 worth of valueless
drafts on New York.
S7«ciil Dispatch to The CalL
Canadian Pacific to Cut Expeirses.
MONTREAL. Ocr 3.— An cSclal cf the
Canadian Paciic real is authority for the
ttatesfst that the read wlU shortly in
fc-gurate a system cf retrenchment and
wlU In a few days issue a circular laying
o2 many meru the force being cut down
Is every department. The reason for this
cove is that the net promts for the month
cf September cf this year were C3.2SS Ies3
than for the same month last year.
Stranger With Spurious
Drafts Astonishes
Portland.
HELENA. Mont., Oct. 39. — Governor
Toole received a committee representing
the Mill and Smelter Men's Union at An
aconda this morning. The committee
presented a resolution passed by the
union. In which the Governor was asked
to call an extra session of the Legisla
ture In the hope that the situation at
Butte and In the smelter towns might be
relieved and the mines of the Amalga
mated Copper Company started up. The
Governor has not yet decided the ques
tion. He will leave Friday morning for
Butte to take part in the conference
with President James J. Hill, Senator
Paris Gibson, Senator w. A. Clark and
Congressman Dixon.
Governor Beceives Union 2£en.
Detained Pending Investigation.
A suave young man. who gives the
name of Harry Cooper, was arrested last
night by Detective McMahon and his
name entered oa the detinue book pending
an investigation. He has been stopping
at the Commercial Hotel for a few days
and seemed to have plenty of money.
Last evening he approached the clerk
with a check for $24 drawn in favor cf
John Pool and signed by Martin Hlnk
ley. He asked If the management coald
cash It, and the clerk, becoming suspi
cious by reason of the poor execution of
the check, communicated with the police.
Detective McMahon was detailed and ar
rested Cooper at the hotel. When in front
of the Hall of Justice Cooper attempted
to escape, and the officer was comptlled
to use considerable force to subdue his
prisoner. When searched at the City
Prison a blank checkbook was found in
his possession.
CLEVER FORGER
CHEATS GAMBLERS
POKTI*ANI>. Or., Oct. 23.— The giant
blast fired at the Br^by quarry yester
day, which dislodged 100,000 tons of rock.
was an. expensive proceeding: for all con
cerned. The charge cf elgity tons ot
firnaxEite proved far too heavy and
wrought unexpected havoc
In the first place, instead of simply
shattering: the rc*ck without moving it
any considerable distance, the explosion
threw the side cf the mountain so far out
that GcvenMuent engineers estimate that
fully 50.C00 tons of rock fell into th© Co
lumbia River, where, of course,' It is
worth nothing.
In addition to this the tracks of the rail
road were tern up and the roadbed so
damaged that it will ccst $SXO to repair
it- The telegraph and telephone lines also
•were blown to pieces within a radius of
several hundred yards.
SpecUl Di3p«.t<--li to The Qtn.
Blasting on the Colum
bia an Expensive
Experiment.
Presiient Hcrwrelis said to-ni#;i.t:
The companies tave refused to arbitrate
frierances and all the cfncUis cr the 11=1011
have ri^es top*, and the strOce wUl occur
ca Narember 9. The reason we have waited
eo l<rsx wai that District 15 ceuld not hope
to win without the sanction of the executive
board.
President ITlteiell has ordered the rtrOte
tfersujh me. and th« flrht *a be to a *?•¦«>•¦
FIGST TO A I'LNTSR.
IS asd to authorize the i-raTTgnrailoo cf &
rtrlke at whatever date In our iudgnent held
ctrt tie createet prodlse cf success.
Pt^scact to these lmtructicna -we coea
r £.:•? : fcy wire with th« presid'st* of the
• . -..', i;:*« ais<n"e cirsed, "kirg thera to Sieet
cur repres«=.titiTes Is ccE'erenc*. We received
replies froa then decilsizg to meet oi er to
accept our overtures for a peaceful settlement
cf the <iifi=:ti«» pecdir^ In District 15. Since
tb* reoelpc of these declinations we coctlnued
our eSsrta to reach tie Interests which con
trol the Ciici-ido Fuel and Iron Co=rary and
the Victor Fuel Cossyanr. but regret to say
that cp to this time we have b*en unsuccess
ful, althotgh w» fcave sot abasdeaed ocr ef
fort* ts reaci an aijustnient wtthoct recocr**
tj a suspension of wcrk.
AUTiiOEIZE A "WALK OUT.
Infarrriatlm reachlns c» freni rarlooa rrln-
Izg carip* indicated a trcwir* restiessress oo
tie pirt cf th* cinsn arid ntat workers,
¦»!ics« cc^ittlors cf ersplcynect. espectiiiy
n-zder th« two cetnpariei reierred to. have
yrtiwa to be tstslerah-le. These- reports are
fully cosiirsed ty the cfficlal statements sent
to us by oar r>; regenta rives and are repeated
tT «j«cial cricials sent zo C^lcrado to Investi
gate.
la view cf these circcs^tancee w* have de
cided to atnicrlze the irauguraticti of a striie
la Col-raic, Utih. Xew Mexico and Southern
V>HSSSC to take effect lS.cz.ixr niominy, Xo
v»n^iwr 9, prc-rided an adjustment has not
b"H?n reached In the interval cr negotiations
are not then pfcndicjr which wocld authorize
us :z be^evlng thai a settlement wculi be
secured.
Tea are therefore authorized to issue as cf-
Sciil crd?T to the cine workers of District
15 to diaco=tirs» wcrk and rer-Aia la Idleness
ca and after Xo-rifZLSer 9 uniess they receive
Infocmatioe to the contrary from this effice.
Tos are authorized to Inform all mine *cnt
«rs »TTf«f and nsn-rrrtcc. that the cati«?ca.l or
panlzatisn cf tn* United itine cf
A=sertca wt:i render all possible assistance la
cojK'uctit^ th* striie and prosectitlnc it z» a
successful Issue.
It is cf course craecessiry to rerrlzd yoa
how important and essential It is that the
miners and their friend* conduct themselves
ij-mpathy and support from th<» public. The
men shodd be admonished to observe the law
ar.d under so circumstances shculd they per- ¦
ir:t ti^nselv-s to be proroked \z.io the cc=> j
missies cf szlawfd acts.
•With the earsest hope that the reisers of :
Diitr.ct 15 sir be successful ta their eflort ta i
secure riasonaile wayes and fair conilticns cf ;
entjlo7-=ent we remain, yours truly.
JOKX MI?' Hr '-'-. Presiient L*. M. VT.
C "T I* I-Sr^I3. Vice Preside=t U. if. X*.
of A.
V,- B WTL£0N. Secretary-Treasurer r. U.
•vr. of A.
TRINIDAD. Cclo.. Oct. S.— The great
ftriie cf cctl =lrers. peniingr la District
15 'or thirty days, was oficially called
to-day, when President Hots-ell* cent a
copy of the following letter to all unions
ta the district: ,
CTflANAPOLJS. Xz£_. Oct. 3.— mui*=»
EastZa, President Dtrtrtct 13. DL M. V?. of
A.. Ti-isilad. Colo.— Dear Br a=d Brother:
Ai Vs» last meeting cf the nation*! execatlre
*o*ri the cae*tlc:i cf Srar.gura.ilcy a etrlke la
t£« coal r..--.»9 of Colonio. Ctai. New Mex
ico aji-i Troslsg, District 15. received care
ful cossiicranoe. asi it »a» ura.si=.sus:y
&rr»ed to «=rcwer tie UEiersifEed to open
r.ec3tlatlos» with the Colorado Fuel an«I Iron
Company «*h ti.e Victor Fuel Cotnpanr for
tie purpose cf «rTai«t=^ a conference wltn
tJiesi 1= tie hoc* that an ad^sstnaent of grler.
asee* C^ftt fce reached and a strik* averted.
la ti* erect of tillure to elect an aisicafcie
a4?u«t=:e=t we were fivea fsll power to la
<i:rs» the arpiicaiicn d tie seiner* cf District
Qxrzjtzs cf "Western Ccal Fields Be
fuse to Treat With Unions and
2Gtciiell Authorizes a
Walkout.
Xioveraber 9 Named as Date
for the Cessation of
Work.
.A great mass meeting- was held in the
Auditorium to-night under the auspices
of the Silver Bow Trades and Labor As
sembly. The meeting was called to con
sider the desperate condition of affairs
that confronts the workingmen of this
city and to give expression to their be
lief that Governor Toole should call an
extra session of the State's lawmakers.
Resolutions were adopted along the line
planned by the projectors.
Resolved. That it be the sense of this sneet
isg that the Gcveraor b« requested to call a
special session of the Legiilature for the pur
pose of enacting roxin laws as would teci to
relieve th« present Industrial conditions, and
that the president azA secretary of tile Buai
nesa Men's Association be Instructed to advise
him of such action.
There was a larsre attendance at the
special meeting of the Business Men's
Association to-night, called .to devise
some rlan which would tend to relieve
the present Industrial crisis and assist in
an. early resumption of mining- operations
in the Butte camp. After the purpose
of the meeting had been stated, "W.. D.
Thornton offered the following resolution,
which was adopted after a lengthy.dis
cussion: .* ;---.. ., " '. •
The formal notice of appeal by. the Bos
ton and Montana Company and the bond
on appeal were filed in the District Court
to-day.
The transcripts and briefs In each of the
three cases will be- almost the 5?mp and
the judgment of the Supreme Court In
any one of the cases will govern in all
three. • '¦¦''.
BUTTEL Mont., Oct. 23.— Two appeals to
the Supreme Court la the MacGlnniss In
junction suits against the Boston and
Montana Company have b«en perfected in
record-breaking- time. The Injunction or
ders were made by Judge Clancy last Fri
day. To-day the transcripts, consisting' of
the evidence and depositions In the cases,
were submitted to Judge Clancy at his
residence and were^ approved and signed.
The testimony is In full questlon-and-an
swer style. By this means the perfecting
of the appeal was expedited. The print
ing- of the transcripts and the preparation
and printing- of the briefs on both sides
will now be rushed. It Is probable that
within a week the two bl^ transcripts on
appeal will be ready for presentation to
the Supreme Court. .<
In the mean-time a motion will be made
for advancing- the cases on- the calendar
in the higher court, so that the appeal
may be reached and passed upon at the
earliest opportunity. It is believed that.
In view cf the urgency of the magnitude
of the interests involved in this State and
elsewhere, the Supreme Court will grant
the motion.
TONS OF ROCK
LAND IN RIVER
CHICAGO, Oct. 29.— The conference for
the purpose of forming a national federa
tion of employers' associations to cope
with labor problems voted to-night to
adopt the name "Citizens' Industrial As
sociation, of America." The organization
will include both employers' and citizens'
alliances.
The objects of the association, as set
forth br the by-laws which were adopted
to-nig-ht, are:
First— To assist by all lawful and prac
tical meara the constituted authorities of
the. Stare and nation, in maintaining' and
deferuiing' the supremacy of the law and
the rlgrhts cf the citizen.
Second— To assist all the* people of
America La resisting encroachments on
their constitutional rifffats.
Third — To promote and encourage har
monious relations between employers and
employes, on a basis of equaT justice to
both.
Fourth— To assist local, Stat© and na
tional associations* of manufacturers and
employers In their efforts to maintain and
establish, peace and to create and direct
a public sentiment in opposition to all
forir-s of violence and intimidation.
Fifth— To foster and encourage by legiti
mate means enterprise and freedom in. the
management of industry.
Sixth — To establish a bureau of organi
zation for the formation of associations
favorable to the objects of this associa
tion and federating them with the asso
ciation.
Seventh— To establish & bureau of edu
cation and to distribute literature and
foster the objects of the association.
Eighth— To create and maintain a fund
for such purposes In harmony with and
promote the objects cf this association.
Oacers will be elected to-morrow.
Colorado, Utah, Wyom
ing and New Mexico
Men Called Out.
Expect Early Hearing and a
Prompt Adjudication
of Issues.
Another Conference Will Be
Held To- Day and Offi
cers Elected.
VAST ARMY
OF MINERS
TO STRIKE
Warring Butte Factions
Hurry to Supreme
Court.
Unite to Poster Freedom
in the Management
of Industry.
PERFECT APPEALS
IN RECORD TIME
EMPLOYERS FORM
NEW FEDERATION
THE SAN FBAKGI6CO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1903.
A reduction - on all stock taken over
from ; the various . gas companies \ by the
San Francisco Gas & • Electric Company
is,t>elng made at -their salesroom, -415
Post at. Now is the time to bur. •
¦WASHINGTON. Oct. ».— The *.- missionary
council of th« Episcopal church voted - unani
mously to-day i In fa"ror of the appointment of
the Satfrajran Bisbopa,' who." subject to th« pre
sidins: Blihop." shall take charge ¦ of • th« t work
Mxnaax ' th* aoa- American races In , this dty.V :
Coast Waiters' Anniversary Ball.
The Beventh anniversary ball of the
Pacific , Coast "Waiters* Association was
held in Native Sons' Hall last night-
There was a large attendance.
The Retail Shoe Clerks* Union won the
silver trophy which is offered annually
to the clerks* union having the greatest
number of names on its roll. After the
trophy -was awarded the members of the
union gave a smoker which was attended
by a large crowd.
5
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE OCTOBER 30.
The Call's Cook Book prein*
/cm offer will close on October
SO, 1903, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy cf this
household treasure should not
fail to place their order im-
mediately.
This splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of
fifty cents per copy. Out of
to-vm orders twenty cents ad-
ditional to cover prepayment oi
transportation charges.
JL Ji VP"R.TTgT? JVM T*t
is her nature to love
pare. The critical ordeal 'through which the expectant mother most
pass, however, is so fraught with dread, pain, suffering and danger,
that the very thought of it fills her with apprehension and horror.
Therejis no necessity for the reproduction of life to be either painful
or dangerous. The use of Mother's Friend so prepares the system for
the coming event that it is safely passed without any danger. This
great and wonderful . .
of women through — „,„ «¦» ma
the trying crisis without suffering. 15*™ \m% S *m»± nurs Afi
Sead for frw booi eont*iniaa; lafomsttoc isES EF^ & £LJ3 h&W £a&
•t priceless value to »U expee^as aotae.-s. Mm M iff ttjjT $ m j[#
The BnAMi Bwralatw C«, Atitata. 6*,^ w^.
jTHE EMPOBJTJM i ,...¦¦ Tm-rTlvrPOBITJM ' \ THE EMPORIUM { THE' T^rPQBTTjai
GdOtl I nf***** *»#» ' Choice of any Indian Blanket or Basket NettlO Corset
,7 *T in our stock, aU this week at kalf trice. naw™**w**4*.**4***n
5000 yards imitation Torchon and Point c*e • ft _ _~ J r UeiftOnStrBtSOn
Paris Lace and Insertions, 2^ to 4^ inches . - f -¦* "^ e cswr Eiods!s ' of the Nemo "Figure
wide, new ..elegant patterns; iplendid quality £ fa/tyf' M M f f£f Bvildiaf «"* "Sdl-Rrfudnf *TstcJn» are now
wajli !ac;j, sckablc for underwear and all tyl^M£&'^^^££&Jt/^f£> / r&9^7£w. 0B '' ;w a aar czrxZ 4ep*«msat, *?.i Mm \Vcr:K, tie
kinds of wash materials, valoea IOC ~^ CAUFORNU-S LARGEST- / mmml = * > expert «iecere(wta» will bs_wib a but a few &iv»
i,i/rTM*ir«J r A i mS C mnawnmmVfl^^^^^^^ long«), a nrplainfflg tacr merits. Sic will be f iad to *i-
-O I-/cC peryara; to-Cay only f , *^«^ ¦au^|flmJBH»'n*'*' AJiFRieA . s ca aNnr«rr «rrnpg ri*: you regarding the p™?-- =«i^ '« ±£**^ «^»-
Embroideries To-Day Hosiery Saie Friday
Special Saie To-Day . 50c Styles To- Day 29c
Thousands of yards of pretty cambric, nainsook and Swiss Embroideries and Friday only, ladies' imported lace lisle Hose, Hsrrnsiorf black, extra fiae
Insertions, worth np to 25c per yard, are offered til at one price *ffJg** ' q Ml «7» entire'y nsw designs, in cither full Uce front cr !acc *>Qf+
to-day (Friday), yard .. . .» . , : . r , -• . > - - #*TrCr boot styles, instead of 50c pair, for &%*%*
f m r • a • t \ ' ' \3T(ttn Aisle.}
M{nn Atsie.) Udles* 70 per cent Wool Vtsti tad Pantj— The &mo« ««G*obe" makr Vaa, aT f h Kck,
Wh3e buying emnroidenei to-dar, Inspect ths £oe asnrtment of fine AQ-Ovcn, ia. Venae longer ibort iiett« ; P-isrt. wiri Fresch yoke bzzis, absclaalv coa-sariaklag, pcft«-
aad appliques— the kind vxd for making waists — ia black, white aad Peniaa colon, all marked tioa b fit, colon oatsral or wbi*, nota'ag ia the tauket ia e^al," at >g " f%fS
a: much lower pricet than you will find for wme price'seUisg far elsewhere. garment. „;.*.•:¦. . *jj M Mdm&r
Great Under pr Iced Sale Suits and Overcoats
Astonishing Values— Every Garment New and Up to Date
Men's $20.00 and $22.50 " £jl These Big Bargains for Boys
Suits for $15.00 W ?L^ Suits for $5.00
These are some of the choicest and newest productions of the /<^^^W/^\ $7.00 J-piCCC Stilts !0T $5.00— AgCS 12 tO 19
season. The matenait, fit and workmanship are ot the / \ V^Vj/i v/ { V\ , , -,
best; they are the equal of any smt sold by, exclusive / i ' (f _J1 , f _^A \\ Y^ars; long trOUSerS. Vest and TOUnd COr-
clothicrs a: $25.00. There are plenty of those fashionable lift \"^' "\' 'fL^v ne r COat, made Of Oregon IndlgO Blue
\/*zS? Cassias, strictly ail wool, perfect in
lapela and shaped retaining fronts. We . can fit men oT alL. . I U ffl. - '¦ '^S ¦ Style, fit and finish. YOU pay $7.00 TegU"
sizes from 34 to 42 in. chest measure, {?»«£» gtfl \\ l\ ±fo*^^ \3l\Vl at the Emporium price -*^ *%*%
. and the price during this sale will be. . . %pM%J.WU I \ \ I fl^C^' dufing this Sale &&.UO
Men's Extra Value $15.00 I I |i iWy ii 5^30 Dovblc-Brcasted Suits $5^K)-For boys 12
SUifS for $O.5O j 1 \ \\ \ |Mu pi to 19 y ears « 3 pieces— long trousers, square
These taltt are made of neat casnmerej, fancy chevicti aad :*t;di b ti: I • i | |Vv\\ 5 VI j CUt C03t Snd VeSt, all WOO!, it! 3 Variety Of
lffS iri !f ptm ¦-- pe ccia Baw haadpaMed tiumideji, f H* \lijSfi% \1« fancy mixtures; are certainly remarkable
- ha* cloth fronts and are enr :n the most popular »tvles_ Yea wl pro- [ (I If mi»J»IFV \mA i j • r £ »t a»-« -r\
aenace tbem the bctt nine tob erer taw; at oar ale &Q RfM ' TH i ¦¦ JF\V \%\ ' Va ' UeS » anC^ a Saving 01 fully 3t the
p*" :ce • • • • • • •¦y"*W Iff VJ \'l Emporium price during this — ~g%g%
Men's Stylish $15.00 ffV £? % SaIe 9^.00
OvGrCO&iS for $H.5O Boys' and Youths' $4.50
Lock whir: yen will, g;: iliac on rie 3i>.co Orcrcoats yea £sd elsewhere— make cs »o=r ff*M+ S3 EZ
mind who has tie b«t one a: tlatpr^-keep before you the ityle, material, workn^n^ %0WGM W CU^M9 MUM 9 Z?*3m
finish aad general ippeanacej then come to the Emporiam aad ycu w01 read2y tee that we win Yoa wocld net d«ra it pcails da: so each fcnistc nhe, cich well, nd&v ccatj catild he teli
arc yoa just J3.50 orer the bat IX5.00 Overcoat bargain that yoa can find. - We thiak we it this price. We caa only da tt by tnryiag rach largs c^astccs gsning the cJcoat pctcble
«hall iatrmt hnndred* of mea with oor lale of this Ene of hamiiome black Thibet price*, aad seHia 5 them at a »ery Zow marjia cf procr. SmaZsr dsalen caaaot do k. Tat
and gray CheTwt Orercoats. They are bn2t with the new broad ihonlder, lined with heaTT t^^"' of th» heaTV Oxford pay, KyE.fi, serrkeable Oeicoar, s>asa pockea, aad loose fall
serge, aad silk t-eere Hniaj, in the long, loose, swagger e&ct»; * *m g*g% skirt eff.cr, for yoking men cp to r6 yeart, being soli for this prxsj valae /f? -O JW BZ
ca 'y t W& M M .&%M everywh^e 54.50; price dariag this tale. ..... .
$5.00 Hats $3.95 ZibelineSuiis$14.95 Shoes To-Day $1.58
f^^ W &i^e»Siar e 7oU Extraordinary Value Fall Styles for Women
S^\ bg brim TaYi°or Just arrived by express, a num- U S* iS sSj^styS _^gm
Hits, style like ber of pretty Zibeline'Suits in red, =•— ?* •'-• ssaby w^.-, -^^p
picture and similar gray and b!ue mixtures— made in STi-rS'-eSS
effecu, scratch fdt5, [ong b j ouse CQat effect w|th capes> =: , mcd^
n^idd btS,.t Piped with satin and neatly mfi&L
rsi, blue, brown, trimmed, satin lined— skirt seven <=*«« sd.s =^^-7 %vS-fe*-^
c:c, and whh qciiis gore, uniined— a full $18.50 value— 1J c " y '
and velvet; no^wo-«Iike; that would be exceed- priced by the bl^ &$jGL OK P 3 * - • S1-5B \Jg^>>
inglj cheap'at jSj^oo each, and hare- Aa q^ «:tore Ltdks' Bluchtr Cut Valkiaj
marked thecTat the very ipecial price S*%9.%0%9 " • Shoes-Tasasw T£l Kjla,
Ladies' Dress Bonnets and Tc^ucs— Made of jet Reductions m IfandSOmC Taflor-Madc ""^ "^ dreacn . *»« *«=» =^i=i a iatrxhee faHy
with chenille braid, and novcty silk and chenille SllitS— iNe W long COat models, light *£? ! wroU W w $2.50
.mmming with «grctt« and fancy jet ornaments; and ZlbelineS, reduced Udio' Bclmoa* Ust Shoc'-T^ «rV aewe* rih* fir Faa
ver 7 handsome hats, and aston- -r ~~ . & J My gQ aad Wm:=r, pateat leather .Eghr extcaaica «»J«, half
iihingly low priced at . . . I IWITI ZttD.W IO vJ/iOU C uiaa heels, sold ia nice stores at $5.00 a o
Seaulifcl Dress Hats -Of black velvet and Light and medium Gray Mixtures- MlS2?SS^^J^^\u000f fa
push with the new fiber lace, and trimmed Red UCed from $30.00 anil $35.00 SS "Ci^Sj^ S&Z Ev^h?^
with good ostrich tips, rosettes and jet orna. ** #1/1 *» «^ «?r: BJ heds, goo4 KrticaUe «hoes^ ; !«L?fer wear,
mena, in white, bine and 4 ,n g%g% * &^%*m%*%* sizes %% to n, pair S1.25 Sixes n>f to 2, pair SlmSO
black, specially low priced a: . ty .£.%M%M Second floor— front. ' (Section 2— Right.)
{Second Floor Front. ) "¦" ™ mmmm ~ m^^ m> m "^ mm^ ™ ™ "^""^ —^ ——^— — - -^ . H . H . m^ mm^ ,
Groceries ana Liquors Special Values Men's Furnishings
Friday and Saturday Flannelette Nljht Shirts — Extra good qaaCty Domet Funnel- Hen's Cashmere Host — The Wiastsd Hose for mea, thaa
Best Lacca 0:1— Crosse tc BlackwcITs; quarti ... 62o ctie ' neat sai ? ei "^ a S 00 * aaortaitat, extra wide aad food which there is eo scpeHcr; w: hars them ta hlack, gray,
Kona Coff »e— Ce'ehratcd Hawaia brand; & . . . . 1Qo length, ipsml valae at, each 45q Vic«a, etc, h : gh spSced hrel aad tee, doaak tiwed, cssaOr
Extra Standard Fruits— Peaches, apncoo, fears and plums; Underwear Juit in Time— Cooper's Dnby rihfced, jersey ctnag 35c the par, special as . . .- . . ;. 23O
dozen. $1.45; 2 tins 2SO Underwear, weight jost right for th's seas m aad cTaiat=; 6 pairs for $1.40.
Best Carotin* Rice— New crop; 7 lbs . . . . . . . 5Qo maie °* fiae w 01001 Egypcaa cotton, silk front oa sh«; p af -_™_« f _., _^ j^*,. nr -*^ a _^_
Importtd Swiss Cheese- Best .pality; C, 29O a " wer> made *&** «t,naedriH facia?, 3 pearl but- £ae ,«f fc **r«'
Cctter-sAlWTliskey-BrJ.-^ /! 7 5O waJ » «* 3* "44, very specal va!a,s. per sarmra: ,$/.O0 SZ^ 6^ "^ """* a *****> *%?)£
Gin|er Alt— CactteQ & Ccchraa's; dozen. . . . $f.5O fancy Shirts— The nobby new Fa3 cfiSxts b gray, Lcadaa "" % ' \* • '^ mSO
Best Domestic Porter— Zpal ta nnport=d;doiea .. $1.05 encke, ash gray, etc., etc, now so each ia deata=d by Mta'l Neckwear— The latest prodacccss caa h: fcaad b oor
Ycifowstone Whiskiy-R e or E^rbcn; faH qt» . .S1mO5 stySih dresjers; «3»ae with same body as bo*exn, others with iaaaea« assoraaeat of Isperials, E-g5ih Scar&, fcMed Fcbt-
Swect Winis— AngcUca, Port, Sherry, Tokay or Maieira, patch bosom, sach makes as Monarch, Lioa Braad, etc, each ia-Haais, West Eads, Bit Wiass, etc, b sCk, sasa aad
choice 51.50 wines; gallon . ..." &f»O* ... ........ . .... .-..$1*120 fancy weaves, each . . SOoSpeeches were made by, other candidates
and the meeting , closed with cheers for
the standard-bearer, and the rest of the
ticket.. ¦ .-".,• ¦ ; ' ' rV- *."' ¦
HENRY J. CROCKER, AT THE NOON HOUR, SPEAKS TO WAGE EARNERS AT THE PACIFIC MAIL DOCK.
AS tee campaign draws to a close
Henry J. Crocker is developing
greater strength. Wherever he
went yesterday he was received
with great enthusiasm. His voice was
heard by thousands and his hand
was grasped by enthusiasts who prom
ised to vote for the man who represents
clean government and who promises the
'people of San Francisco " two years of
hopest service.
The Republican standard-bearer at
tended four meetings last night, and his
speeches won many votes for himself and
the rest of the ticket. Wherever Mr. Croc
ker went he was greeted with great en
thusias-m. In Ruef's supposed stronghold,
the Forty-fifth Assembly District, the
Republican nominee for Mayor addressed
1000 voters. The statement had been
made by the opposition that when Mr.
Crocker attempted to hold a meeting in
that district he would only have fifteen
people in the halL This was disproved
last night by the Immense crowd which
filled Washington-square Hall. There
are hundreds of good Republicans over
there as well of Democrats and Union
Labor men. That the Democrats and
T'nion Labor men will desert the stan
dards of Schmitz and Lane Is certain.
Crocker buttons were proudly worn by
men who toil, and their cheers were loud.
After hearing his voice and heeding the
sincerity of his promises they came
away, like the others, determined to
stand by Henry J. Crocker.
Manzanita Hall, Teutonia Hall and
Mangel Hall were also crowded with cit
izens, who waited patiently for the com
ing of the next Mayor of Ban Francisco
When he did arrive he was greeted with
great cheering.
The various other candidates on the
ticket were also given splendid receptions.
General E. S. Salomon, William E. Lutr,
Percy V. Long. Judges Joachimsen and
Sweeney and George H. Bahra were
heard at all the meetings and won lots of
.votes. Judge Bahrs was given a fine re
ception in the Forty-fifth District, where
he was born and educated.
VOTERS CHEER FOR CROCKER.
The meeting in the Forty-fifth Assem
bly District last night was a pronounced
victory for the Republican party. Wash
ington Square Hall, corner Stockton and
Green streets, was packed to Its doors.
Hundreds of voters who were unable to
find seats etood for an hour for the priv
ilege of listening to the addresses of the
various candidates. This district has
been claimed by Abe Ruef, and, despite
the" fact that Mayor Schmitz was hold
ing a meeting In the vicinity, the voterri
of the district came to' hear Henry J.
Crocker, the man destined to become the
next chief executive of this municipaVty.
The reception tendered to Mr. Crocker
was a flattering one. His arrival in the
ha.Il was made apparent to the residents
in the vicinity by loud cheering. The band
attempted to play something at this Junc
ture, but the plaudits for the Republican
nominee drowned the blare of trumpets.
Tn> meeting was one of the best held in
the district and proved" to- many that
Henry J. Crocker as the representative of
the party of Roosevelt Is worthy of the
hieh honor accorded him.
There were hundreds of ladles in the
hall and the fair^ex joined in the acclaim
for the clean-cut candidate who appear
ed before them. Mr. Crocker's speech
was without frills. He talked to the as
sembled citizens in a language they
. 7~Serstood. He did not make Idle prom
ises nor did he indulge in personalities.
He told of the needs of the city and of
the vast sums of money to be spent in
improving and beautifying it and he mod
estly set forth his claims as the right
man to fill the Important position of over
seeing the expenditure of the money.
John S. Partridge opened the meeting
with a stirring speech. "On behalf of the
campaign committee of a united and
•whole-Fouled Republican party.'.' he said.
'•I des=lr© to thank you for this splendid
outburst of patriotism to-night. I have
gone from one end oC the city to the
other; I have gone from the Thirty-fifth
District to the Forty-first on the north;
from the Thirty-ninth on the west to the
water front, and never In my life, no mat
ter what the issues were. I .have never
•sen such a determined idea that a man
would win as I have found for your
standard-bearer, Henry J. Crocker.
(Great applause.)
"Your enthusiasm is an earnest of the
way you are going to tvote. There are
three candidates in. the field, and I have
not heard a Republican say one solitary
word against either of* the other candi
dates, but I do say that the Republican
Municipal Convention went forth into the
.highways and byways of this city and
county and looked one man over and an
other man over, and finally out of the
great press of good men we Just found
one man who could lead this city out of
the Elough of despond, and we found such
a man in that little giant of the West,
that Theodore Roosevelt of the Pacific
Coast, Henry J. Crocker. (Applause.)
"He stands before* you, and any nian
may look upon him. Ho Is the repre
sentative of all that is best in American
manhood. His whole life Is an open book.
On behalf of the campaign committee I
make this pledge— If you elect Henry J.
Crocker Mayor this city will take a for
ward movement and will take her place
as the queen of the Pacific. If you elect
Kenry J. Crocker you will have a
straightforward government, and there is
going to be an end, thank God, of graft
forever. , (Applause.) Ladles and gentle
men, on behalf of the campaign commit
tee I take pleasure in introducing Dr.
Campbell Ford, chairman of this meet
ing." (Applause.) . s?Vc^
Dr. Ford said he appreciated It a great
honor to preside at the meeting, as it
•was the biggest ' Republican gathering
ever held in the district. He introduced
Percy V. Long as the next City Attorney
of San Francisco. Mr. Long spoke as
follows:
CROCKER WELL RECEIVED.
"You will not hear a speech from me,
as I am eiraply here to bo Introduced to
you collectively. . I know many of you
personally. While I do not Intend to
make a speech, I want to call your atten
tion to a few things that every voter in
San Francisco ought to bear in mind. The
voters of San Francisco for the last eight
or nine years in national politics have
shown their allegiance to the Republican
party; have shown their 'belief. In the
policies passed by. the party in the halls
of legislation; and it seems to me, when
this city is about to expend a great deal
of money for its improvement, that the
Republican party is the party to handle
these larce suns which are to be ex
pended." ; v
Voters Impressed
by Candidate's
Promises.
Standard Bearer
Attends Four
Meetings.
THOUSANDS OF VOTERS GROW ENTHUSIASTIC
FOR HENRY J. CROCKER, THE NEXT MAYOR
North Beach Resi
dents Cheer the
Nominee.
Democrats to Sup
port Republican
Ticket.
ing a strenuous campaign and his elo
quence, is winning him lots ,of votes, f- .
Theodore Lunstedt and Robert Vance,
candidates for Supervisors; John J.
Greif, candidate . for County Clerk, and
Judge Bahrs, candidate for Assessor,
were represented at the meeting and
their friends did excellent campaign
work in their behalf.
The largest meeting was at Garibaldi
Hall. .Alfred Roncovieri presided and
many of the labor candidates made
speeches. Mayor Schmitz was greeted
with cheers and made a brief speech. He
dwelt upon his record, saying that it
was all that he had to stand on in this
fight for re-election. Peace, he said, was
what the laboring man wanted. He had
given. them peace during his administra
tion and would give the same if elected
again. He denounced the papers for say
ing that his meetings were composed of
hoodlums, and said that if that was the
case he was proud of his associates. The
Mayor gave special thanks, to the ladies,
saying that they could assist him a great
deal by taking up his fight.
In closing he said: "Vote for. me on the
Sd of November and roll up the biggest
majority that the city has ever seen, and
it will be heralded throughout the United
States that San Francisco, unaided by
any newspaper, has triumphed for the
cause of justice and right."
During the Mayor's speech he was re
peatedly interrupted by shouts from some
alleged funny men in the 1 audience, emu
lating a habit that has proved distasteful
to the people who have been attending
the Schmitz meetings. The crowd was in
terspersed with numerous boys and hood
lums, who were endeavoring to make as
much fun of the meeting as possible.
J At Occidental Hall a large crowd met
the Mayor and other candidates. The
Mayor's talk was brief.
indulge in any mud-slinging himself, his
followers and hired orators throw it pro
miscuously. '
At Garibaldi Hall James A. Devoto. the
orator of the . labor . ticket, in scathing
terms denounced Lane and Crocker and
dwelt on the fancied vices of these two
candidates, and did not attempt to say
anything that would tend to elevate In
the minds of his audience the characters
of the party candidates that he is work
ing so earnestly for.
OutsHde of the Mayor there is not a can*
dldate on the Union Labor ticket who
does not spend all his time and breath in
railing at the awful records of his op
ponents, i
Thirty-ninth Assembly District—Rich
mond Hall, Fourth avenue and Clement
street, to-be addressed by : Hon.- John R.
Altken. Marc Anthony, Carey Van Fleet,
W. W. Allen, J. G. de Forrest,' Henry J.
Crocker, Robert Vance and all the candi
dates. :D. D. Bluxome will preside.
Forty-second Assembly District—Sara
toga Hall, Geary street, between Hyde
and Larkln, under the auspices of t7io
Crocker- Wells Club. The meeting will bo
called to order by W. J. Herrin, who will
introduce 'George "A. McGowan as chair
man of the evening. Hon. Duncan E. Mc-
Klnlay,,, Daniel A. Ryan, A. L., Hart,
Henry J. | Crocker, Qeorge R. Wells and
all the candidates will favor the audience.
Ladies and, escorts are especially invited.
, Forty-fourth Assembly District—Aus
trian Hall.; corner Sutter and . Powell
streets, to be presided over by Dr. D. B.
Plymire. In addition to H«nry J. Crock
er, .Theodore Lundstedt and all the can
didates, Messrs. Lincoln E. Savage,'. Ju
lius Kahn, Alex Campbell Jr., Daniel A.
Ryan and A. Van der Naillen will address
the meeting.
Four Republican rallies will be helrt
this evening as follows:
Bear Club — Pioneer Hall, Fourth street,
below Market. Oscar A. Tolle will pre
side. The meeting will be addressed by
Hon. 'Jud C. Brusle, Merton C. Allen,
John T. Nourse, A. Van der Naillen,
Henry J. Crocker, E. S. Salomon and all
the other candidates.
The Campaign Committee Announces
Four Demonstrations To-Night.
BIG RALLY AT MANGEL'S HALL.
Crocker Is "Warmly "Welcomed by
Voters of Mission.. Districts.
Crocker wound up his evening of. cam
paigning at Mangel's Hall, Twenty-fourth
and Folsom streets, at a late hour last
night. When he arrived at the hall an
immense crowd was waiting for him, and
he was given a rousing welcome on behalf
of the Republican ¦ voters of the- Thirty
second and Thirty-fifth districts.
The meeting wasy held in behalf of
Crocker and Fred N. Bent, the Republican
nominee for Supervisor. . Crocker spoke at
length on the issues at stake, and he was
listened to attentively, and cheered at
frequent intervals by the voters, and when
the meeting broke up thre.e rousing cheers
were given for the Republican standard
bearer and the whole Republican ticket.
Henry F. Wynne presided at the meet
ing and he introduced many of the lead
ing Republican nominees, who delivered
short addresses. . Among those who
spoke were John J. Grelf, George H.
Bahrs, Percy Long, Judge Salomon and
many other prominent nominees.
¦ •__ — ; — » — - — j_ •
REPUBLICAN RALLIES.
SPEAKERS THROW r: MTJD.
Schmitz Meetings Prove Disorderly.
Mayor Speaks Many Times.
Mayor Schmitz address.ed" two large
meetings v and one small one last night.
The large ones^were at Garibaldi Hall, in
the Latin quarter on Broadway, and the
other at Occidental Han,' on Third street.
At the | Turk-street Temple j the hall ;was
sparsely filled, the gallery containing, but
a dozen \ people. Most I of. j the applause
started originated with hired applause
makers ' in the rear of tho hall,- and they
had : difficulty • in keeping .up ; the game.' •*
¦.The assemblage became tired of ; waiting
and began to 'depart : before '. the : arrival of,
the Mayor.' A J thin young man, introduced
as a* promising young lawyer,'* did bis best
to hold ; the' crowd, i .With on© hand- in* the
air arid .the" other wildly, describing; circu
lar gesticulations ¦ h© " passed i out ¦; a series
of : exalted ,: and hackneyed . phrases : in y a
general denunciation 'of all j the candidates
that were not /Union Labor men.*-;
: \ Mayor Schmitz > often : has said that * this
Is .not* a. mud-slinging: campaign.*-? Yet al
though the candidate for. Mayor does not
PATRICK PRENDERGAST presid
ed at the big meeting held in Teu
tonia Hall, on Howard street near
Tenth, last night. Ex-Senator Ed
win I. "Wolfe was the orator of the even
in?. In the course of his address he said
the Republican party was united and that
the nominees of the convention were men
who stood high in the community and
were entitled to the support of all good
citizens. He said If Mr. Crocker was
elected Mayor of San Francisco he would
be his own master — that no one would
own him. He said he was a man of busi
ness experience and represented the "high
est type of manhood. He spoke of his in
tegrity and honesty of purpose, and as
sured the voters that he was not an aris
tocrat and would treat all with whom he
came In contact with fairness and impar
tiality.
Speeches were also made by Joseph Ny
land. Robert Vance, George R. "Wells.
Morris I* Asher, candidates for Super
visors: Judges Joachlmsen and Sweeney,
candidates for Police Judges; William E.
Lutz, candidate for Public Administrator.
and General E. S. Salomon, candidate for
District Attorney.
Mr. Crocker's entrance was the signal
for hearty cheering. Throughout his
speech he was applauded, and when he
departed for another meeting the audi
ence loudly pheered him. In his speech to
the voters present he said: •
"I see a good many of my friends here
to-night and some who are for other can-'
didates in the field. That la perfectly
right. I want to say this for the other
candidates: They are my personal
friends. I have never said a word against
them in this campaign and I want to say
they have treated me with respect. I,
know the campaign i3 drawing to a close.
We are all getting a little bit excited. I
am reported to have given up the fight,
but I am still on deck and will be on
deck until the end of the campaign and
thereafter. (Applause.) I want to thank
the people of this city for the honor they
have conferred upon me. This is the first
time In my life that I have been out of
employment and I want you people to
hire me, and if you do I will give you a
good return for the investment. (Ap
plause.) If you will place me In the
Mayor's chair and honor me beyond my
deserts I assure you I will give you a
good administration. I was brought up
in this city. Everything I own In the
world I owe to this city. If I have been
successful it Is due to my effort*, i Let
me tell you I am no class nominee. You
boys and many of the men here know me
from the ground up.
"I am accused of being an aristocrat
and a steam beer campaigner. They
don't go well together, but I seem to
embody both these elements. (Ap
plause.) I£ I am an aristocrat, ladies ami
gentleman. I shall do honor to tha posi
tion of Mayor of San Francisco. If I am
a steam beer campaigner I give you my
word that when you come up to tha
City Hall you won't have to knuckle tr>
some side-show to learn if the Mayor is
in. There will be no intermediary.. I
will do the business of this city for my
clients, who are the people of San Fran
cisco. I guarantee that every dollar shall
go to the worklngman for a good days
work, and In return it shall be seen that
these worklngmen give to the city a fair
return for the money received. (Ap
plause.)
"You want sanitary conditions In this
city. You want to see your children
grow up and the death rate lessened, and
that is the reason why you have voted
for the bonds to build new sewers."
The speaker promised to treat all peo
ple with equal justice and promised a.
clean administration. Other speakers,
followed and the sentiments expressed
were applauded.
"When 20.000 of you men signed a peti
tion and sent It to the Mayor asking him'
to appoint David I. Mahoney a ! Police 1
Commissioner did he do it? No! Abe
Ruef wouldn't let him, because Ruef
wanted his friend Drinkhouse put In that
position, so you 20,000 were turned down
because the boss ordered it so.,
"That appointment was made to build
up a political scheme. Do you want Abe
Ruef to run this city? If you don't, vote
for me. If you want a Mayor who will
give you a clean government and be. ready
to receive and listen to every class of peo
ple on exactly the same terms, then you
can cast your ballot for* me."
Daniel Harrington was chairman of the
meeting. Addresses were also made by
Carl Westerfeld, Dr. Dodge, Judge Ca
baniss, T. Carey Friedlander, Judge Mo
gan and P. J. Curtis. . . -.
Lane next spoke to the voters of the
Thirty-first Assembly District at the Po
trero Opera-house on Tennessee street,
near Eighteenth, lie said he .saw many
in the audience he had seen in the same
hall five years ago when he first started
in to make his political speeches in this
city. He thanked them for the support
they had alway9 given him, and felt and
knew that they took a friendly interest in
him and he was assured he would have
their aid in the battle on Tuesday next.,
"I want to thank you, one and all," ha
said, ."and I want you all to know that I ,
appreciate what you have done for me.
I have always tried to pursue a straight
forward, honest and manly course and I
think and am sure you believe me. . I
want you to lift yourselves away from
partisanship and stand up for rood gov
ernment. Be true to yourselves and you
will be loyal to this great city of .San
Francisco, which you all love so well and
of which you are all so proud. To do this
you must get away from Abe Ruef and
his factions and for the welfare of the
city you must be patriots and rise, above
any political machine and any political
boss. Wipe out class lines. Vote for the
men who will give you a clean adminis
tration.
"There never have been such meetings
as I have attended the past few days.
Everywhere I have talked to the capaci
' ties of the different hall3 In which I haw
spoken, and I have seen in my audience
men of every class and station in life an<S
all have given strict attention to what I
have said in regard ! to good government
and the parties that are governed by a
political | boss.
"When I started out on this campaign
the word was passed around on every
side, 'Lane isn't In it.* There I3 a mighty
different sentiment In the land now, for
'Lane 13 very much In it.'
."People on every side are now rallying
to the rescue of the city and are "all de
manding a clean and honest administra
tion. This great wave is flstng by the
greatest* movement "that has been seen
here for, many years, and the banner
lines of this movement are' 'Justice and a
Franklin K. Lane addressed three big
meetings last night and at each was re
ceived with enthusiasm and applause.
He first spoke to the voters or the Thirty
second Assembly District at Masonic Hall
on Fourteenth street, near Railroad ave
nue. He began his remarks by thanking
the ladies who filled the galleries for
coming to listen to him and begged them
all to take an earnest interest in the
coming election. He said in part: "You
have a great stretch of i water front out
here, and. what are, you go:ng to do with
it? Do. you realize . the great value of
this waterway? The heart of the water
front is now almost completely monopo
lized by corporations, watch your water
front here. It will be a tremendous asset
within the next twenty years to all you
holders of property in this district.' Every
foot of it should be reserved for the ben
efit of you and yours and not be allowed
to pass into the control or corporations.
None of this waterway should be tied
up in a monopoly. Many of you j here
were leaders in the Union Labor party
and it was your idea and wisn that this
party, should represent, you and your
views', but to-day, you know it does not.
It represents the views of a*, boss and
that boss is Abe Ruef. You tried to es
tablish a , third party, .which was to be
essentially a party, to represent the labor
man, and you wanted to show the people
that , the laboring men were capable of
giving . to the management of the city's
affairs a clean and high-class government.
You wanted the country to know that the
great body that made tho wealth of this
city was able to manage it. ¦-, You did not
then think it possible that a movement
that ; came from you ; could be made, the
creature and tool to carry out the schemes
of a political boss. . You have all been
duped, tricked and fooled. •
"Now you have no -Union Labor party
to represent you, . but instead a party
managed s by. one. ;.who ; was , and. is . a ) Re
publican bqss. He never' was a member
of any - trades , union and never | affiliated
with them until he found- them necessary
to « his schemes-
Talks in the Potrero and the Twin
Peaks Districts.
LANE MAKES SPEECHES.
THE SAN ¦• FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1903.
Continued on Page 7, Colama 1.
NEXT . Tuesday % evening
. the results of the mu
nicipal election will be'
signaled from the dome of The
Call building, so that the news
will be known at the earliest
opportunity to citizens in;
every part of the city.
If Henry J. Crocker, the
Republican candidate, is elect
ed, red lights and rockets
will announce it.
If Eugene . E. Schmitz, the
Union Labor leader, is victori
ous, green flares and rockets will
illuminate the sky.
If Franklin K. Lane, the
Democratic nominee, is declared,
the choice of the voters, white
signals will be set off.
Remember the color of the
signals:
CROCKER ..'... RED
SCHMITZ ... GREEN
LAIfE : . WHITE
A stereopticon will throw re
turns for the entire municipal
ticket upon a white screen in
front of The Call building and
a rapid service of bulletins will
convey the results of the elec
tion to the people.
To Flash News
From Dome of
Call Building
.,.¦ Henry J.' i Crocker was 'cheered' when
presented to the audience. Mr. Crocker
made his usual ;; forcible .speech.!. He
made no promises that he could not keep.
He talked straight | from the shoulder
and' won ; the approval' of men who - In
tended voting j for, opposition* candidates.
He told them of the necessity^ .electing
a man; who would .see i to" it thattthey.
were given a share , of the r money; to ) be
expended' for^ improving the , streets,' by
allowing i them .to ; perform ¦ honest labor.
Mr.- Crocker • said he "I had ¦ no -one \ to ; dic^,
tate \ to i him,;; and I the ; Commissioners; he
appointed \ would come : ,' from the people
and .be a credit,^ not only to the adminisy
tration " but to themselves.' ~ I ".. ',.'"' .
•i. General; B. ; -S. Salomon, t candidate :for
District v Attorney, '.'delivered ;a"i brilliant
address and brought , forth- a ¦ great "deal
of bldiSOldierjs^mak-
William E. Lutz, candidate for Public
Administrator, was given a fine reception
and made a" short address, in which ? he
assured the assemblage that if elected to
the office . he would "give them an hpnest
administration.. Supervisor Alpers told of
his record and promised to do as well b"y
the people if re-elected to the office lie'
aspires to. Thomas McConnell, president
of the Water Front Henry ;.;'." J."; Crocker
Club, also spoke, j He toid the 'working-"
men " some truths ' about Mayor " Schmlt?
that they did not 'know and 'his . state-,
ments struck home. Speeche's were also
made by > Dan A. Ryan, 1 Percy V. Long
and other candidates. X' ' -
men's Union, whose strike the Republican
nominee settled, early in the ., campaign,
presided. He Introduced A. Van der Nail
len as the first speaker, and the friend of
the workingman -delivered a forcible ap
peal to the assembled voters to stand .by
the Republican party. ; He told them that
the labor unions made a mistake in'en
tering into politics. He told them that
they were being- betrayed by false leaders,
and appealed to the union men 1 to stand
by Henry J. - Crocker, > who represented
clean government.
Manzanita Hall, on Perry; street, near
Fourth, was packed. last night with voters
of the Twenty-eighth District.
When Henry J. "' Crocker ; arrived rat the
hall shortly, after 9 o'clock he^ hsuT to force
his thr ou gh the immense ' throng I in
order to reach the platform. .The seating
accommodations were hot ' sufficient, arid
hundreds of* men' stood: In *h& rear of the
hall, eager to listen to the standard-bear-;
er. .' Small boys ; attempted '] to ; cheery for
Mayor Schmitz; "but" their : cries ; were
drowned, by v the "cheers- for' Henry: J:
Crocker. gJHia»8|^P"g5HjprirfljM)|iT|CT
. J. J. McQueeney, a member of the Line*
Henry J. Crocker Well Received
South of Market Street.
ADDRESSES WORXINGMEN.
Mr. Long then paid a high tribute to
Henry J. Crocker and the other candi
dates on the ticket.
Henry H. Lynch, candidate for Sher
iff, was also given a hearty greeting when
introduced. He said he was not a speech
maker, but if elected" he would do his ut
most to conduct the office In an honorable
manner and would give equal justice to
all men.
George Dletterle, candidate for Super
visor, assured 'the' assembled voters that
if he were elected he would carry out
the duties of his position in an honorable
mariner. He said he had been a resident
of this community for the last. .forty-five
years. He further stated he had been
connected with a leading mercantile house
for many years and was aware of the
needs of the community. "This Is the
first time I have, been a candidate for
office," he said, "and if I am elected I
shall do my duty to the people who placed
me in office." . ,
Morris Asher, another candidate for Su
pervisor, was introduced and was given
a warm welcome by his many friends in
the audience. Mr. Asher was for many
years a resident of the North Beach and
is well liked by the residents of that
section of the city. In behalf, of his as
sociates on the ticket, he said they were
men of integrity and would do everything
in their power if elected to assist Mayor
Crocker in giving the city a clean ad
ministration. .
Mr. Crocker was presented at this time
and the cheering was renewed. The re
ception to the standard bearer was a
whole-souled one and warmed the cockles
of his heart.
""Before I start in speaking to-night.'
he said, "I would like to ask a question.
Are the people of this district used to
seeing ghosts? (Laughter.) Do I look
like a ghost? I met the Democratic
nomjnee for Mayor— excuse me. I met
Gavin McNab (laughter ana applause) on
the street the other night and I said,
'Gavin, you are not treating me right.'
'How is that, Henry?' he said. 'You
burled me and laid me quietly to rest,' I
answered, 'and I don't think you ought
to disturb me.' 'Unfortunately, Henry,'
paid McNab, 'you are on© of that kind of
people who never stay dead.' (Laughter,)
"Ladles and gentlemen, • you have no
doubt watched this campaign with a
great deal of interest. You have watched
the candidates and -have become ac-«
quainted with them; you have got to
know them; you, know what they say
and all that. We are now approaching
the time when you have got to say,
'What are we going to do?' I know what
the voters are going to do. I know what
every man. and child Is going to do;
they are going to say to you people who
have voted so heavily for the charter
and for the bonds, you are going to Btudy
this matter very closely and you are go
ing to find out what Jclnd of a savings
bank you are going; to put yo.iir votes in;
you are going to tackle, the proposition
hard. It is.of the deepest, interest to
every man, woman and^chlld, in the city
that we have an honest government/You
want an honest government You want
a government without party lines. You
want a government, for all the people, a
government that is equal and Just to all.
You. don't want a class government,
"The workingman does -not want the
best of it. They, want a good, clean,
A No. 1 government, which every one
will enjoy, and every neighbor will say,
•We are going to get an equal distribu
tion of the money to be spent in, this city
in the next two years.' You ' are going
to see thatlthe money'-is golng;,to .be
spent for new scboolhouses,- modern, up
to-day • schoolhouses, for city parks
and breathing places, and we want every
man who takes up that work ! to get a
share of that money. We want the men
who do the work to turn "over to the city
something ; that will make ; visitors mar
vel at the improvements and \' say Z that
ours is the. finest city. In the Union. ; .
"Do you ' appreciate what you . are " do
ing when you elect me Mayor of this
city? You are going to confer, upon- me
the greatest . honor that a man can | ask
for in this- municipality. > -You are going
to confer., upon me such a wealth of re
gard that a man who. can aspire to, that
place should be ] doubly grateful ¦ for the
honor. , v
: "In i return .for^. that what , should he
do? , He .should* give you his ' best ef
forts., Should he not try to give you a
plain, straight-forward administration?
What you want is a government straight
from the shoulder, without any man to
ge% up And say, 'I put him Into office and
you will have to come and see me before
you see the Mayor.'
"For the past twenty- six years I have
worked for a man and his name is Henry
J. Crocker. (Applause.) I have tried to
help him forward and keep him clean
before the world and maKe him a man
of integrity."
. When Mr. Crocker concluded he ' left
the hall and on his way out he was
cheered and his hand was grasped by
scores of voters, who pledged their sup
port. . .
JUDGE BAHRS SPEAKS.
Judge George H. Bahrs, candidate for
Assessor, was the next speaker ; intro
duced. This whirlwind campaigner had
lots of friends in the hall, judging by the
reception he was given. Every chance
they had the voters of the district cheered
Judge Bahrs. They laughed 1 at his clever
shots at his opponent and applauded his
statements. He was born in the district,
educated in the public schools, acted as
Janitor in those schools, worked as a
soapmaker and by .dint of hard- work
gained the approval of the people who
placed him in office.
"It was in this district," he said, "at the
grammar school on Filbert strept, that I
was educated. On Powell and Vallejo
streets I spent a great many years of my
boyhood. This is not the first time I have
been engaged In a campaign, and let me
tell you the voters of the Forty-fourth
and Forty-fifth districts have always
given Judge Bahrs the highest vote. If
you will look back at the records when
Judge Bahrs was running for Superior
Judge, he received more votes for the of
fice than any other* candidate on the
ticket. Is it at all strange that I feel
proud to bo before you to-night? I am
supposed to be the candidate who .'. en
tered this campaign .without a ghost of a
chance. They thought I was getting, a
gold brick, but they reckoned without
Judge Bahrs and without his friends, for
the moment it was announced that Bahrs
was nominated his friends— and he num
bers them" by the thousands on North
Beach — began to roll up this little
snowball day by day until now it has
reached such proportions that Dr. Wash
ington Dodge is growing hysterical over
the proposition. He is practically being
smothered. (Applause.) He is practically
being smothered by' the friendship that
has been rolled up for Judge Bahrs.
"The Examiner accuses me of making: a
gutter campaign. If making a gutter
campaign is going over to the Union Iron
Works and meeting the workingmen and
grasping each by the hand and thanking
them for their support; if visiting the
sugar refinery at the Potrero and meeting
the men employed there; if It la going to
the Fulton Iron Works and securing the
support of the worklngman, then I am'
making a gutter campaign and I am
proud of it" (Great applause.)
. The Judge declared that he did not say
he had the German vote in his vest
pocket, as a morning paper reported him
saying, but that he had reason, to believe
that he would, have the German vote to a
man and that the French, Italian, Greeks
and; other races would vote for him, and
his election was assured. A man in the
audience assured him, he had the Swiss
vote and others made like assurances. •;.
6'. SAN JOSE. OctJ 29. — Gears <• : T. -Anderson
ra arrested at' Almadea to-day for bcrglary.
lie confessed that b? entered tfce> room of ittaa
Welch, a. «:h- J oI teacher, ar.d took $33. He
was cent to the county jail ia default of 122W
* I»U. . ..-..;•¦ - • . - .; -.¦_•
Child Declares Charge TJntrue.
SAX JOSE. Oct. a-Agnes May, the
12-year-old girl who swore to a complaint
charging her stepfather. Robert H. Ed
wards, with felonious assault, testified
at the preliminary examination to-day
that her accusation was . totally • false
and made because she did not like her
stepfather and wanted to get rid of him-
Edwards was discharged.
BOSTON. Oct. 23.-On arrival of the
steamer Ivernia from Liverpool at her
dock to-day Vehtan Krikorian, an Arme
nian, was arrested at the request of
Scotland Yard on a charge of being ac
cessory before the fact of the murder of
Sagatel Sagoual on Tuesday. Krikorian
claimed that his object In coming to this
ccuntry was to attend lectures at Har
vard, but on being searched only 35 was
found In his possession. He will be ar
raigned before a United States Commis
sioner to-morrow.
The police deem the arrest of the utmost
importance. The prisoner denies any
knowledge of a conspiracy to kill SagounI
and appeared surprised to hear of the
tragedy. He admitted that he knew the
murdered man and that he had attended
several meetings of the Revolutionary So
ciety in London before bis departure for
this country. He denied that he belonged
to any revolutionary society.
Krikorian said he was a) years old and
a graduate of the American College in
Constantinople. For the last three years,
he told the offlcers, he lived In London,
maintaining himself by Journalistic corre
epecfleace and other writings. He ex
pected to cover his expenses at Harvard
by sending to Constantinople papers on
American customs. Krtkortan speaks
English fluently and with little foreign ac
cent. He is a good looking Armenian,
dresses well and displays considerable re
finement of manner.
sound. It Is a good scare word. But it
ought to take something more than scare
words to deter us from every reasonable
effort to get our share of the trade of the
countries I have referred to.
"All Europe is establishing -commercial
colonies, warehouses, branch offices and
banks on many of these shores. No man
can now say how soon complications may
arise simRar to those that recently ex
isted In Venezuela and no one can now,
predict to what extent and In what man
ner the United States may become Inter
ested to th« result of .these complications.
It is my Judgment that we should use all
reasonable means to be early on the
ground."
i'cr-s. But I had the experts of the Treas
ury Department figure it out and it would
have cost this nation not to exceed $1,000.
000 per annusi. unless some of her citi
zens hai employed American labor, in
American shipyards, and constructed
ships from American raw materials tak
«*n frca American mines ar.d American
forests. Th«>s had ships enough been con
structed it might have cost us J3.000.000
per annum. Ect the bill provided that
there never should be expended more than
S5.000.000 In ar.y one year.
"We annually pay J3» r 00O,O0O to for
eign sxbtiiis^d ships to get our foreign
commerce carrti»d. Senator Hansa told
xr.e there were three companies ready, if
the bin had passed, to make contracts to
build the ships &r.d establish ard maintain
regular lines In three directions where we
have do ships. But pnctScallr every
I>«nocrat voted against It, not because of
It* provisions, i>rt on principle. I recog
w* that the term -subsidy' has a bogey
I was satisfied with its provts-
couctrie« secure the balance. Why? They
are ready to pay th« price. They avail
themselves cf every natural advantage
moO pay the price of others. They have
and we do not have direct and regular
steamship ccrsrsunleaticn with these
countries. We created the corsnerce cf
the istericr and of the Pacific e!ope by
ts*a.n» cf subsidised railroads. We now
subsidize rivers and harbors In the hop*
of aiding cenrserce.
"Lart winter a bill was introduced of
f«rir.g a rsbsidy for American ships, but
it was defeated. I an not mourning Its
•'We are securing only 13 per cent of
the trade of South America, of South Af
rica and cf the countries washed by the
Paci2c Ocean. This trade Is wcrth more
than a thousand trillion dollars per an
run. We get 19 per cent of it. Other
BOSTON. Oct. 23. — Tremcnt Temple
was packed to the doers to-night, the oc
casion being the biggest political nieet
irg held by the Republican party In this
city during the present State campaign.
The principal speakers were Governor
Bates and Secretary of the Treasury
Ehaw. United States Senator Foraker
of Ohio, who was expected, was unable
t- b« present. Secretary Shaw said:
PANAMA, Oct. S.— News by way o£
Barranqullla is received to the effect that,
owing to recent rumors of public order
being disturbed In the Interior of this de
partment, the Bogota Government has
ordered another battalion of SCO men to
the Isthmus. The battalion is expected
to arrive about the middle of next week.
If the mall steamship should - refuse to
carry the troops It Is expected that the
soldiers will come on the cruiser Carte
gena. A French steamship due at Colon
to-morrow will bring definite news of the
coming of the military force and also of
General Tovar*s movements.
A request has been made ty the de
partment of Panama for B0 tons of coal
from the Panama Railroad for the Colom
bian warships Padlla ana Bogota, now in
the bay. These warships have been or
dered by the Bogota Government to pro
ceed to Bueca Ventura.
There Is no definite information regard-
Ing the recent alarming reports of in
vasion- Governor Obaldia Is without posi
tive Information, although the scene of
action is connected by wire with Panama
The opinion is gaining ¦: ground
here that the invasion is mythical or else
fomented by a band of foreign conspira
tors against a neighboring republic. At
any rate the Bogota Government seems
exercised ovtr Isthmian affairs In view of
the canal situation. -
Sp-cUl Cable to The C*n and Jfew Tork
Herald. Coprrlsbt. HCS. by the New York
Heraid PufcUahins Company.
Colombian Government
Orders More Troops
-"-, Into Panama.
Hold Young Armenian
at the Request of
Scotland Yard.
Treasurer Shaw Speaks
at Big Meeting in
Boston.
BOSTON POLICE
ARREST SUSPECT
SENDS BATTALION
TD THE ISTHMUS
The Robert Vance-Henry J. Crocker
Club was organised early In the cam
paign to further the Interests of the can
didate for Supervisor and the rest of the
ticket. The club has been doing splen
did work for the entire ticket and its ef
forts are greatly appreciated by all the
candidates. Mr. Vance has thousands of
friends In the city and they are signing
the membership roll.
Working for Vance and the Ticket.
FAVORS SUBSIDY
FOR OUR SHIPS
"There is a great cry frcm the- D«
Young crrwi thar they must have a besi
rees ZTr*--* fcr their Mayor. Now there
are ri=r klrds cf business men In this
rrusicipality. There are the business men
who sell the civil service cr-estioss : there
is the bcsi=e*s man who Icowi how to
sell a colt; there are business men who
¦SUn c>al to every ere.
' D. T. Atkinses was chairman. Short
talks mere made by Judge Cabar^ss. T>z.
D^djre. Judge Megan. Samuel Braunhart.
Etecnd Godchaux P. J. Curtis, T.
Ca:ey Friedlander and Dr. Leland.
It w*s nearly 11 o'clock when Lane ar
rived at Twin Peaks Hall, where he
spoke to the voters cf the Ttirty-fourth
AtKEb'T District. The place was packed
to- evocation and =a=y stood en the
cldewalk who could not get in the halL
He said in part:
understand how to sell places In the
School Department: there are business
raen who know how to make a graft In
the tenderloin- Tes. mr friends, there
are plenty of. opportunities for business
men In this municipality. We don't want
that kind of business men at all. We
don't want favors dealt out to special
pets. The man in the Mayor's office must
be free and must own himself. Mr. de
Toting says in his Chronicle that I am a
politician and that I am a lawyer and
therefore I cannot be a statesman.
"De Toting has never backed a winner
In his life. During my term of office I
have given one and ail a square deal,
and I. have never sacrificed any of your
rights. If you want the Abe Ruef kind of
government and you like that style, why,
you stick to It, and I cannot attempt to
convert any one who Is so dense) as to
like that sort of boss management. Peo
ple of that stamp are moral Idiots and
don't know good from bad. I don't want
their votes. But I do want the votes of
the kind and class who are loyal to their
city's interests, no matter whether they
belong to the Republican. Democratic or
Union Labor parties."
| Edward Coffey presided at the meeting.
Speeches were also made by Oscar Hocks,
P. J. Curtis. Samuel Braunhart. Dr. Gra
ser, Edmond Godchaux. Dr. Leland and
Dr. Dodge.
Ccnt/tmed frcn Page 6, Cohinn 7.
Voters of San Francisco Grow Enthusiastic for the
Republican Nominee.
THERE Is not the slightest doubt
that Peter J. Curtis obtained the
Union Labor party nomination
for Sheriff on an agreement to
surrender one-half or a good share of
the patronage of the office to Schmitz
and Ruef. The latter had absolute con
trol of the Union Labor Convention. All
that Ruef had to do In the execution of
a programme was to tell Schmitz what
he wanted. The Mayor then pressed the
button and Tom Eagan "did the rest."
The Democratic Convention made a hard
and fast rule that not one of the nomi
nees should accept a nomination from
another political party. Candidates were
pledged to abide by this rule, but the
pledge did not deter Curtis from dicker
ing with the manager of the Labor con
vention.
A story now comes to light to the ef
fect that a well-known resident In the
city, who was strongly In favor of
Schmitx for Mayor In the campaign of
1901, but who Is now supporting the can
didacy of Henry J- Crocker, was waited
assertion. "I am gaining every day," by
saying, "Yes, I know you are. and I am
glad to hear it and wish you success."
Among others greeting Mr. Crocker was
Charles Mlnert, president of the Sugar
Workers' Union. The candidate made a
favorable Impression on the union man
as evidenced by bis remark. "I£ they
were all like you we might equalize
things and come together better." Some
times there were a large group ot busy
workmen together. Mr. Crocket was In
troduced to several of these with the re
mark. "This is Mr. Crocker, boys, aon't
forget him." The answer came in a
prompt and emphatic way, "We'll not
forget him." From, a group :n the en
gine-room came the open expression of
confidence. "We'll vote for you. all
right."
GEBMA1TS ABE FOB CBOCKEB.
The Germans are for Crocker. There
is no doubt that his genuine heartiness of
nature is akin to that for which they are
noted. Crocker asked one German how
he' liked the rousing meeting held the
night before in the Potrero. "It was all
right. Lots of the people changed their
opinion and their vote after you spoke."
came the answer. Another said. "I be
lieve you are our friend, and I'll give you
a vote, anyhow."
When Crocker left the works he called
"Good luck" to the busy men around
him. and they cried, "The same to you.
and we hope to see you elected." That Is
plain enough to show which way the
wind is blowing. t A young teamster lead
ing the works with his heavy wagon was
made happy by the next Mayor tumbling
In behind and riding as far as the Union
Iron Works with him. a i'£'> ¦•'.. ' ¦_
The^atter place, with Its more than 3000
men, was reached about noon, and the
men as they came out for lunch recog
nized Mr. Crocker and many of them
stopped for a word and a handshake.
This was but the opening for a reception
later, which proved that the first- visit
made to the works some weeks ago by
Henry J. Crocker has been remembered
and borne good fruit. His visit yesterday
but marked a successful climax. After
luncheon at the yards dining-room Mr.
Crocker visited several of the ships In
course of construction. From the hatch
ways and turrets of the Ohio and the Ta
coma came the men. glad to give a mo
ment from their tasks to show their lik
ing for Crocker and their pleasure to
greeting him. Crocker buttons were in
demand and many of the men were wear
ing them. It was noticeable throughout
the day's trip that' those wearing Schmitx
buttons were mostly minors. Lane but
tions were" not numerous. As one
man remarked; "Lane and ScbmltzUl split
the vote- between them all right, and
there'll be plenty of room for Crocker to
get In." One man came up with" the re
quest for a button with .the remark: "I
bad my little girl cheering for you at the
meeting last night. Mr. Crocker." He got
a gilt-framed button. ,sent by the candi
date himself to the little lady. One man
called out: "Mr. Crocker, the fire boys
all over town are putting in a good word
for you. And I'll give you one good vote
If you never 'get another."
'Tim Rlordan, treasurer; of the Pipe Fit
ters* Union, was out yesterday , at the
works In favor, of Lane, but the most he
seemed to accomplish was to get into sev
eral scraps with some Schmitx men.; In
the molding shop things were almost solid
; for Crocker. * and he.: was greeted with
warm assurances of. support by the men
on this, "his second visit to them. Said a
man*,there::"You're agood man. and we
want <J to see « you walk ' right In. Things
look " mighty good for you here now. and
If -; we can't i hold "out a few days longer
; we're .not much good." ; # -
< MEETS ; OLD .. ACQTJ AIBTTAirCE.
j . In 'one department Mr. Crocker ' had : a
i pleasant meeting . with ¦ Jake ;_ Holton. : a
, lumber tailier." whom; he had known
twenty years ago and whom he recog
nized. Holton turned to a fellow work
in gman as Mr. Crocker moved away and
said: "Henry was always a nice, whole
souled fellow, and success has not
changed him." And that's the way many
of these men who toll think of Henry J.
Crocker. And that thought of him will do
much to bring him many -of their votes.
"After the reception of yesterday the
hand of the Republican candidate looked
a duplicate of that of the hardest worker
In the ranks. Almost everything had
touched it, from sugar to soot. Crocker
does not mince matters in handshaking.
From the Union Iron Works the Risdon
Works were next visited, and the same
greetings, marked by the same good feel
tEgs, were exchanged by the. men with
Mr. Crocker. Not one man out of the
hundreds employed there but wa3 glad to
see him. That finished up the ten miles
of greetings, and it was well along In the
afternoon before Mr. Crocker regained
his office, tired but thoroughly pleased
and satisfied with his day of campaigning.
The Norwegian Club Fram is not sup
porting Lane. John Ferem. president of
the club, is Indignant that such a thing
has been said of it. even by an unreliable
evening paper. Mr. Ferem said yester
day: "icis not true that the Fram Club
is indorsing Mr. Lane. I shall call a
meeting of the club for the express pur
pose of having the members of the club
say so. Bach member of th« club Is at
liberty to declare for himself, but I can
say they are not for Lane. The club Is
almost entirely a social organization, any
way."
ATTOEJTETS HJDOBSE GBEIF.
Republican Candidate for County
Clerk Favored by Lawyers.
To the voters of San Francisco: We.
the undersigned attorneys at law and
members of the bar of San Francisco, re
gardless of party affiliations, take pleas
ure in Indorsing and recommending for
the suffrage of the voters of San Fran
cisco John J. Grelf for County Clerk, the
nominee on the Republican ticket. | Our
professional duties are constantly bring
ing us Into Intimate contact with the
County Clerk's office. Mr. Grelf has been
retained by successive administrations of
this office on account of bis merit and
efficiency and we consider that his nom
ination, made largely through the recom
mendation of the leading members cf tie
bar Interested in greater efficiency in that
office, was a just reward for and. in rec
ognition of . faithful, intelligent, honest
and efficient service.
We heartily urge his support and elec
tion by the voters of San Francisco and
feel confident that the administration of
the County Clerk's office by Mr. Grelf
will be in harmony with bis previous mer
itorious service and his established quali
fications for attention to duty and integ
rity. .
-Dated San Francisco. October 14. 1303.
Edgar D. Pelxotto^ Charles E. Sajwr. W. H.
Div!«, K. H. LJcyi. Janes Robinson, Lew B.
Dottfias, L*« II. Olds, A. C. FlSisas. Jassea
U Galii*h»r. Jo&a T. Plrweli. H_ A. Powell.
Edward Laade. West* & De Jourael. Laarenc-
T. Warner, R. E. Fllcher. Hatvti £ Harea.
Hearr AcX ' Georxe K. Wen*. A.iclph Lo«*se:.
Georxe- H. Pippr. C. - E. Uetlieier. EdwaitS L
Butl*r. Frank J. Hnrj.hr. John W. Boordette.
Jimfj O' Hallo ran. F. L Dreber. UaxweXl
Mc>"titt. Isaac Frohman. U. Seidecbera*. =:.ia*j
V.-.' Smith.' Jaases I» Nag!**, Boamer tc Pad
dock. Graat A Laartilln. . Doscaa McPbersao
Jr.i Aylett R. Cotton. Fraaklta P. Bull. J. W.
L*£gett, Joseph Abnuna^ Charles E. Neorses,
Lmd E. Prescott. Tbcnsas D. RXorda=. H. W.
Matbews.' Corbet - Jt Gocdwic, Georse M. Da
vis." James Garttan. Alexaader D. K«yes; Pace,
McCutch^n it Knlsht. C Irvtag Wrtsfet. l*s-
Ita E. Burks: Grover. Fuller A Chapp«L D. M.
Duffy. H. M. Wrlsht. A. K. Wlaa. Thomai
B. Phety : Jr.. Bertla A. WeyW George D.
Collins, Hubert O. Refers. Elliott McAllister,
Loals G. Beedy. George H. Whipple. ' Robert
Rlchanls. Robert R. Mcody. Wai J. Tsxaka.
FraccJ» ' Per*. Albert P. • Wheelan. Jra*?h ¦ E.
Bf#n. : C. B. Marks. C. S. Faxtpxar.- Wttllaat F.
Sawyer. P. J. Mailer. Hoajthton tc Htmxttyz.
Fra&k I*.'. Owen. WUUaa H. Bnhr^i— . a. j.
K»wki=s. Harrison A Cotxntrxniaa. "William J.
Hares. Georse X. W!IlU3i». G*or%» A. Me-
Govaa. Jacob S. Meyer. Trasnaa it Oliver.
Jobn D. VThaler. Tbcsiss X. Kaw. TCUUam
H. Cliapniaa. Jases A. Deroto. Edwin L.
Forsier. Sltlner M- Ehrrsan. C. A. Hssiphrwy.
Tbecdore J. SaTace. Archibald J. Treat. W.
G. Bonta. R. it. F. Soto. Bart&otonsen Sort*.
Vf. S. Barnrtt. Octa,T« G. Vu Py. D«»m«r A
Stilaon. William T. SattenrMte. WClim J.
Herrtn. Edmsmi Tauaifcy. N. A. McCoa**hj.
W. H. Oxamberlala. Isidcr* Golden. Arthur
G Flak. A. P. Vaa Daier, F. S. Brtttatn. Al
len U CS!ck-rl=». 31. H. Wa»c«rrti. Charle«
A. I>e«. N\ H. Hard. Warren Grecorr. E. S.
Isaacs. ElTr?«r Westlake. J. N. Tarser. A. C.
Bcwhs. James H. Deerisa-. Jcha Host. Jodc^
Stsp*tUst Ctoart: Frank H. Kerrizaa. J- J-r*
Superior Coart; Jio*« U. Troutt. Judie 5a
perlcr Ccurt; M. C. Stoss. J»I?a STipertor
Caart: Thomas F. Gnbas. Jodxa aapv.<«>:
Coon: Carroll Ccck. Jadje Sapertor Court. -
vouch roB GRzrr.
Searchers of Becorda Testify to Fit
ness for County Clerk.
San Francisco. Oct. TL 1305.
We. the undersigned searchers of rec
ords of the city and county of Sas Fran
cisco, take pleasure is Indorsing the can
didacy of John J. Greif for the office cf
County Clerk.
During the many years we have trans
acted business In the City Hail, and es
pecially In the County Clerk's office. w»
have found Mr. Grelf uniformly courte
ous and accommodating and one of th*
best clerks in the halL
We have found him at his desk before,
after and during working hours, carefully
inspecting every paper xzA document
filed In the department over which be pre
sides, thereby protecting the Interest of
the attorneys, litigants and property own
ers of this city and county, and iz Is duo
to bis knowledge and experience and ex
treme caution that the titles to many
pieces cf real estate have cot beea hope
lessly Involved by reason of clerical er
rors discovered and corrected by him.
Frcsi cur personal knowledge of Mr.
Grelf we can recommend him to th» vot
ers and citizens of San Francisco as a
man worthy of their confidence and en
titled to their vote by rexscn cf beir:j a
faithful, honest public servant.
City Abstract Orssaay. H. W. Diaasd.
masagvr; Stocey, Rosieaa * Stacey. tttsracro
fcr~ Title Insarasce sod G^trmiy Caeipanx*
California TXtl« Ir.sun=ce CczttTABjr. X. T.
Spctt*. oaoam; Jc&n 3. Rail*. Kuup Roger*.
J. P. • Bol!». Henry BonseB. E. I* Tooaz. H.
R. Rue. O. C. Gray. William Ray*!. Al«an.ier
H. Jones. A. L. S£a». Jc&a H. CCaway. A.-A.-
Oliver. Richard D. Blatnrclt; Maxroa A L.::>
wocd. bj F. M. 5C*rrca; H. H. Swtntj, H.
FocTces». D. J. C&U&han. H. W. r>l=sond M.
F. Cfessertr. B. il»ro. M. Doaov&a. J. V. Oona.
J. H. WaUclas. Ed Z~ RsCs. U. Rlcker. X.
CaiheJ. V. M. Marrca Jr. ud M. C. Hraea.
"Bflly" Hynes Sot Satire Sea.
The friends of "BCIy" Hyzes. the nod
nee for -Public Administrator on the-
Democratic ticket, have been circulating
in various portions of San Francisco the
statement that he Is & Native Son of Cali
fornia. This statement Is absolutely ca
true. Hynes was born in Rutland. VL.
and was registered In the registration of
fice on September 13, 1303. and is his a. £3
davtt for registration gave bis birthplace
as Vermont. This was the first time that
Hynes had registered since January L
1301. showing that he did cot rote at tb«
-•rtmary or general elections of 1301. PC
or at the primary election of E03.
• .-.- :. «
Counting- cf Straight Ballots.
Registrar Walsh has issued «peci3c in
structions to election officers that thera,
most be co sorting of the ballots fcr the
purpose of counting them at the close of
the polls next Tuesday. Under farmer
laws the straight ballets were strung to
gether and counted as such, but under
the Australian ballot law but one ballot
may ' be taken from the ballot be i and
each name voted far thereon most b*
counted and strung before the next bal
lot Is taken from the box. Inspectors of
election are being cautioned to sea that
the law ia this resject U atrtcUy ' ewa»»
riled wltX
upon by an applicant for a position In f
the Sheriff's office. The applicant, sap-
posing that the man he was addressing f
was still in the SchmiU fight! said:
-I want you to give me a letter of In-
troduetlon to Mayor. Schmitx- I caa get
a position in the Sheriff's office if Curtis
Is elected, provided I can get the In-1
dorsement of SchmiU and Ruef. because
Curtis got the Union Labor nomination
on a deal to give Ruef half the patron-
age rn the office." !
The man to whoa the request for the •
letter was made frankly said that he {
supported Schmitz two years ago, but in
this campaign he was standing In for
M' Crocker. He remarked, however.!
tha't his personal relation with the
Mayor were agreeable, and therefore he
would give the letter of introduction as
desired-
Subsequently the letter was written
and th» annlica"t for a Dosition In the
Mayor Schmitz. The Mayor read the
communication, discussed the political
situation, referred to his own campaign
and remarked that Curtis, having two
nominations, stood a grjod chance of win
ning. The interview ended by the Mayor
giving the applicant a letter to Curtis
and a letter to Ryef. Later on the ap
plieant reported that Ruef and Curtis
told him that everything was all right
and advised him to get out and b-lp.
Curtis-
Ruef and Schmitx are evidently play
ing a cunning political game. The word
*&** °« passed "along the line" that
Ruef is for Henry H. Lynch, but a Aezl
was made all the same with Curtis and
the Democratic candidate got the nomi
nation of the Union Labor convention.
As Lynch's prospects are growing
JrjgUr every dayman d« Gang star
u convenient to wobble. A w«ll-
k QOwn business man on Valencia street
got the true inwardness of the bargain
which gave the Labor nomination to
Peter J. Curtis. The bargain itself ought
mr,p because ti» Sheriff Catly refus^i
to permit Ruef to dictate appointments
In the office.
By Abe Ruefs Brand Peter J. Curtis Is the Union Labor
Nominee for Sheriff.
: The good wishes and appreciation for
Crocker -began at the office and extended
throughout the many departments of the
refineries. ,.; Fully, SCO men turneu from the
furnaces.,, the . tanks where; the . syrupy
«tu£f ? waa i"; running; from rolling barrels
filled .with Vsugar .-, to grasp the hand cf
Henry J. Crocker. The work! igmen t-re
losing the conservative . attitude which
they had maintained until of late, anil are
now coming j out openly .'and ' stronglyjand
avowing * themselves ¦' as * Crocker .voter*. '= ;
\One ? man - echoed ! Mr/ Crocker's * ccaft^
deuce : when he replied ' to the candidate's
There is no doubt that this satisfactory
state of mind on the part of the "working
men voters ' has , been largely caused by
the personality of the man who yesterday
went among them as one of them, and as
a man offering them "a square deal and
a clean administration."
Henry J. Crocker scored ten miles of
enthusiastic greetings yesterday in one
of the biggest days of his campaign. He
rushed everything before him at>d tamed
up serene and fresh at four meetings at
night. By 10 o'clock in the morning Se
was going through the maze^of buildings
comprising the great: sugar rtrtneries of
the Potrero. To go , through these, ac
cording to the foreman who escorted Mr.
Crocker, means a. walk of at least live
miles. This five miles was ¦ marked by
many open avowals for Crocker, and the
expressions of good will on all sides as
the candidate extended his hand suggest
ed the fact that never before in the his
tory of city politics has a Republican can
didate met with such hearty expressions
of support and liking in. the section''com
prising the Potrero and South San Fran
cisco, taken as a whole.
"I have never authorized any person to
quote me as preferring Mr. Lane to Hen
ry J. Crocker for the office of Mayor. I
have never publicly expressed my pref
erence for one from the other. They are
both good citizens. My preference will
be expressed on next Tuesday, when I go
Into the voting booth. I am a Republican
and when my party places good men on
the ticket for public offices, everything
being equal, it has been my practice and
it Is my duty to support the ticket. I
know of nothing at the present time that
will cause me to deviate from this rule.
Thi3 Is all I care to say on the subject
just now, further than that I most posi
tively deny having ever said that I fa
vored Mr. Lane as against Mr. Crocker."
The Republican compaign committee.
W. J. Dutton chairman, holds dally ses
sions and considers the intelligence re
ceived from the various Assembly dis
tricts of San Francisco. The Republican
forces all along the line are well organ
ized and confident that a great triumph
for the party and the people will be won
next Tuesday In the election of Henry J.
Crocker. It is estimated that the total
vote next Tuesday will be somewhere be
twen 33,000 and 60.C0O. It Is the judgment
of this committee— a judgment formed af
ter a review of facts and figures from
every district— that Mr. Crocker will get
3.0QQ votes.
WAGEWORKERS FOB CBOCXEB.
The committee is in possession of posi
tive and authentic Intelligence that many
of the wageworkers of the city whose
support was given to Mr. Schmttz two
years ago will vote for Henry J. Crocker
next Tuesday because they regard the
Republican nominee as the fairest man
of the three candidates for Mayor
BUSY DAY FOB CROCKED
Martin Kelly has the old roll of the
Mutual Alliance Club ready for intro
duction on the eve of election. This doc
ument is the last round of ammunition
in the Lane arsenal, and when it is fired
there will be a roar of laughter from the
North Beach to South San Francisco, as
the people of the town are on to the
game of Kelly and Lane. The Alliance
was consolidated with the United Re
publican League a year ago. All that
Kelly got In the consolidation was the
club roll.
TAJ£E AND STUPID BZPOBTS.
The stories circulated by McNab's
evening paper that Horace Davis, J. B.
Stetson, George Center. F. W. Dohrmann,
William L. Gerstle and other leading cit
izens are supporting ! Lane's candidacy
are utterly false and stupid. No doubt
some of the men mentioned entertain per
sonal regard for Candidate Lane. Horace
Davis is a firm and outspoken suporterof
Henry J. Crocker. James B. Stetson pub-,
licly declares bis Intention to vote for Mr.
Crocker. William L. Gerstle Is a stanch
supporter of the Republican nominee. Mr.
Dohrmann gives Mr. Crocker positive as
surance of support. George L. Center
says :
B. P. Flint
ness rnea of the city, irrespec
tive of party affiliation, are lending him
support. The much advertised Lane
meeting: yesterday noon at the vacant
storeroom. 534 California street, was a
dismal failure. Only thirty men attend
ed the affair. It was a frost Like that
which nipped In the bud the Lane Union
Labor Club at the Turk-street Temple.
Millionaire E. B. Pond, whose hands are
callous from the cutting of coupons from
interest-bearing bonds, made a little
speech to the small throng of Lane wor
shipers.
McNabs evening newspaper is having
a hard time in recruiting a Lane contin
gent from the cemeteries and hospitals.
All the live Republicans mentioned by
the Bulletin as having Indorsed Lane
promptly come forward with denial of
such indorsement. .The evening organ's
block of Lane adherents is now shaved
down to —
Asa R. Wells.
Denis Kearney,
P. B. Cornwall.
Martin Kelly and
HENRY J. CROCKER. Republican
nomine* for ilayor. receives. ad
ditional assurance that the busi-
Scenes at Sugar
Refinery and
IronWorks.
WE have had the city thoroughly canvassed, and can positively declare that Lane is hope
lessly beaten. In the south-of-Market-street Assembly districts, at North Beach, along
the water front and around Bernal Heights, where the Democratic majorities are usually
rolled up, he is a bad third in the lace.
It is utterly impossible for him to make up this loss irfthe other districts.
Mr. Crocker beyond doubt is the strongest candidate before the people, and will most as
suredly be elected.*
Any fair-minded person can easily verify the truth of this statement.
iS. J. HENDY, ALFRED C RULOFSON,
GEORGE H. PIPPY, JAMES McNAB,
\LBERT E. CASTLE. MILTON H. ESBERG,
EDWARD B. CUTTER. JULIUS KAHN,
The Crocker Rough Riders will form on New Montgomery street, facing Market. In the
column will be the Union League, the Dirigo and the Greater San Francisco clubs, which will
follow immediately the mounted escorts, followed in turn by various clubs, organizations and
friends of candidates. The Bahrs Volunteers and the Lynch Invincibles have informed the mar
shal of their -intention to turn out. To-day friends of other candidates will make known their
wishes to participate. The formation of all these will be announced to-morrow.
It is desired that all clubs, organizations and friends of candidates who desire to partici
pate in this gathering report to Captain R. P. Hurlbut at his offices, Thurlow block, Kearny
street, near Sutter, as soon as possible to-day, that he may assign them their position in the
line.
Mr. Crocker and other candidates will address the people at various points along the
INASMUCH as the Republican campaign committee was unable to secure a hall sufficiently
large to accommodate the people, it has been proposed to have outdoor meetings on Satur
day efemng at various points on Market street. .
A ntunber of organizations and friends of Henry J. Crocker and of all the candidates
have tendered escorts to these gentlemen, and in order that there may be some uniformity it has
been deemed best to form all these organizations and friends into divisions and march along
Market street from New Montgomery street to Ninth, going up on the north side of the street
and countermarching on the south side. The head of the column will move at 8 130 o'clock from
the corner of Market and New Montgomery streets under command of R. P. Hurlbut, grand
marshal, and Albert E. Castle, chief of staff.
All organizations and friends of candidates desiring to name aids to the grand marshal
will kindly leave their names at the headquarters, 16 Geary street
Following the grand marshal and the aids will come the Henry J. Crocker Rough
Riders, mounted, to which all friends are invited to join, under command of Colonel Thomas
F. O'Nei!, with Major George Filmer adjutant and Samuel A. Clark, R. L. Radke and R. L.
OPEN AIR RALLY TO CLOSE
THE REPUBLICAN CAMPAIGN
CROCKER THE STRONGEST
MAN BEFORE THE PEOPLE
Nominee Greeted
by Many Wage .
Earners.
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL. FRIDAY* OCTOBER 30. 1903.
SIGNS OF THE CAMPAIGN INDICATE GREAT
TRIUMPH FOR ENTIRE REPUBLICAN TICKET
"T^HE statement made in the Bulletin last evening and again to-night that I would vote
* for Mr. Lane is made without any authority. It is untrue. -
I shall vote for Mr. Crocker. ';. HORACE DAVIS.
HORACE DAVIS SAYS HE WILL VOTE FOR CROCKER.
7THE SAN EKANCISCO XJALL, FRIDAY, vPCTOBER 30, 1903.
The interesting fact has -developed that by .-bequest of a
gentleman recently deceased William : Jennings Bryan * has
been made richer,^$50,000. It: is perhaps not amiss either
to observe that Mr. Bryan ¦ received" $300 for drafting the
will in which he is so generously- considered. : Under cer
tain conditions it is , very evident that Mr. Bryan finds that
a crown of "golden, thorns rests easily upon his calculating
IT is now admitted by the Democracy that it will make
the Presidential race next year a maiden stake and will,
run a colt, not expecting to win, but to make a juvenile
record that will admit him to the track in 1908. With this
view Mr. Carter Harrison, called by his party paper, the
Chicago Chronicle, "the mushy Mayor," will try for the
Presidential nomination next year, with the intention of
making a record in his yearling form that will let him into
the handicap of 1008. But that is Hearst's plan, too, and he
enjoys the advantage of being a member of Congress, and
will be present right. in the political center to put himself in
shape for the race.
Of course the nomination of cither will be a confession
that the party' has no man fit for the Presidency now, but
that it 'as 'opes of having one later on in the century. The
country will not be in sympathy with the proposed colt race,
for it is trifling with a great matter. The people look upon
the Presidency' as too important to be treatedas a kinder
garten affair. Parties arc expected to name for that great
candidacy seasoned and experienced men, whose claims rest
upon their exalted character and their fitness now to deal
with our vast domestic ; interests that converge upon the
executive office,, and with our! international concerns, which
now * are planted -in .every capital and in every part of the
world. All of the people would like to sec the •Democracy'
quit chewing its tongue and making strange signs and nomi
nate a strong man for the;Presidency and' make an earnest
fight for him on lines consistent with. fidelity to the consti
tution and the public welfare. But to nominate Harrison
or Hearst is to make' a laughing stock, of a /party that has
counted in its past leadershio someVof the, most worthy of
bur countrymen;
A MAIDEN STAKE.
"I, found him In the conservatory after
dinner and I went up and shook his
hand. His face lighted up with a smile
as he bowed "low over my hand. 'I as-
"Looks count for very little." said the
pretty woman pouring tea to a group of
society women the other day. "The most
perfect gentleman I ever knew was one
of the ugliest men I have ever seen close*
ly. There was a rugged strength about
his face that suggested blood and force.
It was seamed and scarred by exposure
and familiarity with sights that leave in
effaceable traces of suffering and dejec
tion which remain even when honors and
wealth offer their recompenses for past
experiences.
"This man had been a common soldier
once. He had forced his ' way to a major
generalship by those sheer forces that
make the perfect soldier. His greatest
commission waa during the siege of the
legations In Peking. When he was re
lieved from duty he came to' San Fran
cisco and I included him :n a dinner in
vitation to my. house.
/ "Oh, gracious, you've guessed whom!
mean. Yes, it was General Chaffee, but
you mustn't «ver tell that I was talking
about him.
"In the arrangement of the dinner. table
he was seated directly opposite me. I
was newly married then and .1 was: one
of my first big dinners. . Naturally I was
nervous. ' We were served with a salad
and I was chatting : away with. the man
next to me, when a quick glance shoTved
me that my soldier had hesitated over
something.. I looked down at his plate
and there . to my horror I saw a nnsty
green worm crawling over a piece of
crlfcp '¦ lettuce. If ever I ? poke "with ! my
eyes, I. did then. .Without a hint of dis
pleasure he folded the piece of lettuce and
bolted It. worm and all, never interrupt
ing his conversation with his neighbor.
I could have shouted , with. joy I waa so
relieved. C^HttHBWHBflHkSriH
General Chaficc's Grit.
The people of Seattle have been thrown into a chill
of dread by the discovery of a large quantity of dynamite
secreted in one of the great railway depots of the town.
The sooner that American police officials ferret out the
hideous perpetrators of these monstrosities of crime and
hunt them down as wild beasts the better.it will be. De
struction to such demons is mercy.
•j. — — V"
hands when on guard not only wait to
ward off any mack for the face, but the
left is supposed to !>e where It can guard
the heart and th« right where it can
j-i :.'-.!¦«: that nerve center known as the
solar plexus. The solar plexus is Just be
low the jK)int where the ribs begin to
separate into en inverted V. The left arm
ehould be advanced beyond the right, the
arm from glove to elbow being turned in
ward enough to "cover" the heart, the el
bow b**inc several Inches In advance of
the body. The right forearm should be
partly across the body in order to shelter
the' solar plexus.
Don't keep the face turned full toward
your opponent. Turn it a little to the
right. Don't 6tick the_chin out. I will
'cafplain the reasons for all this later.
Now, for the first move: This is the
Guard for Left I.ead for Head.
straight left lead. Push the left hand
straight toward your opponent's face,
lust as if it were being drawn thither by
tn clastic band.- In other words, steadily
ind in & straight line. Don't draw back
to dell\-er the blow. Don't bend the knees.
Merely bend the body slightly forward to
*dd force to the blow. Don't hit stiffly.
Let the shoulder go forward with the
)lowV The instant the blow has landed
trlng the left arm back to first position
Straight lief t Lead for the Head.
POSTAL. 'RECEIPT— Subscriber, Oak
land. Cal. The receipts at the New York
postofflce during the fiscal year ending
June 20, 1302. were Jll.670.S77 10. and In San
Francisco during the same period $1,291.
$40 10.
RAISING THE RENT— R.. City. A
landlord who desires to increase the rent
of a month to month tenant must give
due notice of intention of doing so. not
less than fifteen days. It Is customary
to give thirty days' notice.
FINAL, PAPERS— J. A. R.. Crockett.
Cal. When an alien who having taken
out his first papers appears before- a court
of competent jurisdiction in the United
States for his final papers. It must appear
to the satisfaction of the, court that the
applicant 'made declaration to become a
citizen at least two years before applying
for final papers and that he resided for at
least five" years continuously in the United
States and one year in the State or Terri
tory in which Is located the court In
which he makes application. If an alien
took out his first papers In 1SDC. resided In
the United States until 1900. then went to
Australia and returned In 1D02. he can ob
tain his second papers if he can establish
the fact that he lived continuously in the
United States for more than five years.
Answers — October 13 npt t
BUSINESS CAREER-A.. Y. M., City.
The question "What do you consider the
elements of success for a young man
about to enter upon a business career?" I*
answered by the words of Marshall Field
when asked a similar question: "A young
man should carefully consider what his
natural bent or Inclination is, be It busi
ness or profession; in other words take
stock of himself and ascertain. If possible,
what he is best adapted for and endeavor
to get into that vocation with as few
changes as possible. Having entered upon
It. let him pursue the work la hand with
diligence and . determination to know it
thoroughly, which can only be done by
close and enthusiastic application of the
powers at his command; strive, to master
the details and put into it an energy di
rected by strong common sense, so as to
make his service of value wherever he Is.
be alert and ready to seize opportunities
when they present themselves."
Towtrsend'a California glace fruits and
candles Me a pound, in artistic nre
etcned boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 4 715 Market stf. above Calibldg. •,
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). SO Cali
fornia, street. Telephone Main IMS. *
PHARAOHS HORSES— II.. Oakland.
Cal. A • correspondent Informs this de
partment that the picture known as "Pha
raoh's Horses" was painted by John F.
Herring, a tutted English painter "of ani
mals. : » ** ~ *
EXPLOSIVES— Subscriber. City. There
are a number of liquids that If mixed will
explode.- This department has not the
space to give each combination..
TEXAS UNIVERSITY— A. S.. City.^ W.
L. Prather. L.L.D., is the head of the 1 fac
ulty of the University of Texas, located
at Austin, Texas.
HIS TITLE— Subscriber. City. The offi
cial title of the sovereign of Germany la
Wllhelm II. German Emperor and Kin*
of Prussia.
BACK DATES— A. F.. City. May 3, E47,
fell on Monday. June 24. same year on a
Thursday, and May IS, 1S77, on a Friday.
\ CALLA— C. W., Vallejo. Cal. In the
language of flowers, a calla Illy means
magnificent beauty.
Bacon— To what family of. vegetables
does- the onion belong?
Egbert— I don't think it belongs to any
family. I think it's a rank outsider.—
Yonkers Statesman.
When the child saw the jacket she
clapped her hands with joy and cried
out: "That's mamma's Jacket. Oh, take
me to her. You've got my mamma.
Where is she?"
"You can't see your mamma to-night,
little one." said „ the sergeant as a big
lump rose in his throat. "You and little
Willie will see her to-morrow."
The sergeant spoke a word to the po
liceman, who thereupon stepped out into
the dark by the back door, which opens
Into the Morgue. He returned bringing a
woman's Jacket, soggy and dank with
the bay's water which still dripped from
it. - '
A big policeman walked Into the Cen
tral police station a bom 11 o'clock one
night leading by the hand a pretty littles
girl about 5 years of age. She was
plainly but neatly dressed and her big
blue eyes were swimming in tears.
"I found this little girl on the streeV
said the big poHcema.% on duty. "Shs
was crying and when I asked her tvIku
was the matter she said she was look
Ins for her mother."
"Do you know where my mamma fs?"
she said as she looked up into the ser
geant's face. "She went away this morn
ing an' tole me to > look after my little
brother Willie and she hasn't come back.
We haven't had anything to eat since
morning, an' we're so scared. I told
Willie to be good and I would go out and
find mamma. Willie's home waitln'."
The sergeant asked her what waa her
mother's name and she told .- him.
"Where's your father?" asked the ser
geant, and she replied. "Papa'rf" dead."
Heart of a Policeman.
DISTANCE— Feacer. City. The distance
by rail from Albuquerque to El Paso is
250 miles.
Answers to Queries.
THE demand upon our American forests for paper
pulp and railroad ties is alone sufficient to exhaust
them within one lifetime from this date. Each day's
issue of American newspapers requires the destruction of
square, miles of forest. ~The paper-makers have ceased to
explore and experiment with other sources of supply.
The processes for reducing trees to paper arc so perfected
and the reduction is so convenient and so profitable that it
is safe to say that no effort will be made to seek another
supply until this is exhausted.
What is needed is the discovery of something that
makes an annual crop, from which paper may be manu
factured. Trees are a century cropland when destroyed
that source for all present, practical purposes permanently
disappears. If science could take an annual crop, for in
stance the corn stover, the stalks of that plant, and, by
digesting the silicate in them, produce a paper pulp, an
enormous bulk of vegetable matter, now used only for in
different fodder for animals, would be found equal to the
entire. demand for paper, and the corn-growers would add
to the profits of that Crop. But, as far as known, no one
is seeking a substitute for wood pulp. Th« page on which
this is printed was only recently part of a green tree,
growing in the forest, with flowers blooming in its shade
and birds singing in its branches. The transformation is
the work of only a few -hours/
Recently in a German wood pulp factory a test of speed
was made in the conversion of a standing tree into a
printed newspaper. The trees were felled; at 7:35 a. m., the
bark was peeled and the wood sawed into 12-incli cuts,
split, put into the defibrators, whence they issued as pulp,
which was. sent to the vat and passed to the paper machine;
at 9:34 a. m. the roll of paper. was finished. The whole
process from standing tree to paper ready for the press
consumed only one hour and fifty-nine minutes. The paper
roll was carried two and a half miles to a printing office, and
at exactly io o'clock appeared a fully printed newspaper,
making just two hours arid twenty-five minutes from the
tree to a paper ready for the mail! As long as the raw ma
terial is in sight for such rapid reduction it is perhaps use
less to expect a substitute.
American railroads use annually 110,000,000 ties to re
place those that are worn out,, to say nothing of- the de
mands for new constructions There" is no substitute for a
wooden tie. Metal, stone and concrete have been tried,
but they present an unyielding resistance that finally dis
integrates them and is reflected in the wear and breakage
of the metal parts of the cars.
Mr. Wilson, Secretary of Agriculture, is conducting ex
periments to increase the life of railroad ties. His forestry
bureau expects to be able to suggest chemical treatment, at
low cost,, that : will 'double the durability of the wood. As
each year added to the life of ties saves 110,000,000 ties, it
will be seen that the life lease of the timber to supply that
many ties js correspondingly extended. This effort of the
Secretary, reveals the all-round usefulness of scientific for
estry, which is directed to preserving what forests we have,
to planting more* timber, and to increasing the durability
of timber after it has been reduced to economic uses.. ? We
may hope that as a further measure "in the interest of forest
preservation the Secretary of Agriculture may stimulate. the
search for ah annual crop that will take the place of wood
pulp in the production of paper. -
TIES AND PULP.
right, the weight resting equally on the
hall of ejLch foot. Keep the toe of the left
foot straight In front, turned neither to
right nor left. The right foot should toe
bat at a forty-five degree angle. The right
heel should be directly in a line with the
left. Keep the legs straight when thus on
guard. Don't bend the knees. Now for
the upper half of the body: Keep this
part of the body erect, bending neither
far forward nor far backward. The
shoulders should always be squared back,
end th? chest out. Never lean so far back
that you Iofb your exact poise or so far
babk that you cannot hit with lightning
rwiftness. In advancing the weight
should be thrown more on the left foot
than the right. But when on puard the
tveicrht should be equal on both feet.
Now for the hands and arms. The two
Again It was Sunday.
Again Sergeant Zellers. with Patrolmen
Ray and Emrich, were going up Madison
avenue.
They were oassins a grocery.
Suddenly Emrich ha!ted.
"Hist!" he exclaimed.
The others stopped and listened.
They heard- nothing.
"What is itr* asked Sergeant Zellers.
"I think there is some work golnc on
inside." replied Emrich.
Cautiously, they tip- toed to a side win
dow and peered in.
Emrich was right. - -r 1 <|<j
Just Inside the window sat a rlnegar
barrel.— Baltimore American.
Breaking the Lazv.
Austria and Russia have announced their, purpose to
control absolutely the measures designed to . bring 'peace,
contentment and respect for the laws in Macedonia, a pro
ceeding to which Turkey naturally voices a most emphatic
protest. As Austria and Russia did nothing to stop the
Macedonians and the Turks in their murderous assaults
upon . one another, it is . nothing more than fair that the
victor should dictate the terms upon which the vanquished
must keep the peace.
On Guard.
Pistol Pete— How much to marry us,
parson? *-"' ,
Rev. Bill Blood (looking: them over)—
Oh! I reckon 50 cents will— er— say. do you
want all the frills throwed in— kissin* the
bride an' all that?
Pistol Pete— Sure!
Rev. Bill Blood— Ten dollars.— Phlladel-
'"Now, my dear fellow, you're getting
absurd. You cawn't put a joke in a
shotgun, you know."
"I understand that the Scot has gone
on record as admitting the imputation,
but qualifying hj/i admission by limiting
the difficulty to an English joke."
"Oh, doctor, you are too severe. All
Joking aside, however, you are utterly
mistaken in your ideas of our ability to
assimilate even American humor."
"Can't convince me." reiterated the
doctor. "I meet lots of your countrymen
and it has been my experience that to
make an Englishman see a joke one has
to put it in a shotgun and shoot It into
him."
"No. doctor," said the man from Lon
don as he lolled back in the liner's smok
ing-room, "you are mistaken. All you
Americans make the same error. In the
educated Englishman the sense of humor
is peculiarly keen. Scotsmen are a lit
tle slow I will admit. You know the old
story about it requiring a surgical ope
ration to • get a Joke through a Scots
man's head."
•-¦- Dr. R. B. Irones, surgeon of the Occi
dental and Oriental steamship Coptic,
was discussing with a distinguished
traveler from the court of King Edward
the peculiarities of the English sense of
humor.
Weak in His Defense.
The old man's answer came thus:
"No! Not from this distance!"
Then, says Mr. dark, the boy decided
to go home and work on his father's
farm. \
"You won't see me starve, will you?"
Then he telegraphed to his father for
money— in fact he sent several urgent
messages nf this sort over the wire— but
to his appeals he received no answer.
Finally, in desperation, the son of the
rich man telegraphed his father in these
words: v. . .-; ",
The old gentleman in question is the
possessor of a large fortune, which he
has accumulated by much hard work and
the closest attention to business. He has
a son whom he wished to train up In his
father's business. But the boy was set
upon leaving home and seeing the world.
So he procured a position In Chicago.
He soon lost the Job, however, and in a
short while found himself wrthout means
of livelihood.
The Hon. "Chamt>" Clark is fond of
telling the following story of an ' old
friend of his, who. in his home in Jeffer
son City, enjoys a local reputation for
grim humor, says the New York Tribune.
Long Distance Sympathy.
Now get on puard. The left foot Fhouid
be about half a yard in advance of the
BY ALHEKT PATPON' TEUHrNE.
Now pull on your gloves and let's begin
our first lesson. Never pull on the gloves
with the teeth. It is bad for the gloves
and not especially pood for the teelh.
Draw on the gloves carefully and fasten
them.
First Lessons in Boxing
sure you, madam.* he ?a!d. 'It was tha
most delightful salad I ever ate!" "
Between Chicago and New York
stretches a copper wire— each end in a
Western Union operating-room. At the
terminal is a little, busy, humming brass
affair which spins out electrical dots and
dashes at the rate of 2400 words an hour.
At the other end Is the "buck." which, in
th* twinkling of an eye. transforms those
same intangible, silent nnd invisible dots
and dashes into printed letters on an
ordinary telegraph blank, ready for de
livery.
This electrical marvel is known as the
Buckingham automatic printing tele
graph, but the men and women who work
around it have short-circuited the name
to "buck." •
On She New York-Chicago circuit it
sends, receives and typewrites eighty
messages, averaging thirty words each,
an hour, but the same device, working on
a shorter line between London and Glas
gow, averages 125 messages an hour.
The average newspaper reader, when he
thinks of a telegram, has in his mind's
i-ye the familiar figure of a telegraph
operator sending a message by tapping a
Morse key and receiving one by listening
to the clickety-clicks of the sounder. But
I* t ween large centers of population, such
as New York and Chlcaso. most of the
messages are transmitted by means of per
forated paper tapes and are received at the
other end on paper tapes inked with the
dots and dashes of the Morse alphabet.
This is accomplished by the Wheatstone
system, which is so much more rapid than
human operators, that a large saying in
line expenses is effected.
The tape which sends the message is
prepared for the transmitter by operators,
many of them young women, who, by
means of a perforating device, punch
holes through narrow paper ribbon. The
holes on one Fide are for the dots and
those on the other side for the dashes
of the Morse alphabet. When the per
forated tape with Its punched message is
ready for the transmitter it has three
lineE of neatly cut holes extending Its en
tire length. The perforations of the out
side lines are spaced irregularly, but the
smaller holes in the center are at regular
intervals, for they "feed" the tape
through the transmitter. The tape, run
ning through the "mill." as the boys call
the sending device, permits litvie pins to
work up through the holes. The pins,
through a system of levers, operate "con
tact points." which open and close the
circuit each time a pin pops Its head
through a hole, and every time a contact
point makes a contact a "pulse qf cur
rent" is sent over the wire. The varia
tion of time intervals between the pulses
make the telegraphic dots, dashes and
spaces.
At the receiving end the Instrument
works the other way. In it the pulses
of current energise electro-magnets which
move an Ink wheel or syphon pen up and
down over a running paper tape, and the
electrical dots and dashes are made visi
ble on the ribbon. Typewriter operators
take thf Inked tape and transcribe the
messages on to ielegraph blanks. This
completes the operation.
Up to the point where the pulses of
current arrive at the receiving end the
Buckingham system is like that just de
scribed, except that a different arrange
ment of dots, dashes and spaces is used.
Every one of the twenty-six letters and
four punctuation characters printed by
the "buck" requires six pulses of cur
rent—three ncsitU-e and three negative.
When the current pulses arrive at the
••buck" they are somewhat weary with
their long journey, but they have enough
animation in reserve to "work" a "relay"
which catches the fatigued pulsations and
sends them forward with renewed life.
This relay Is an electro-magnet, so sensi
tive that even a feeble current is suffi
cient to energize It. As the recurring
electrical pulsations magnetize and de
magnetize the relay its armature moves
back and forth, faithfully reproducing the
dots and dashes arriving from the far end
of the line. The armature operates as
a switch to open and close a strong local
circuit and over this local circuit the pul
sations are led to a glass covered, mys
terious affair, called a "sunflower be
cause it has six little switches or "con
tact points" that radiate from a stem
something like the Petals of the floral
sunburst.
The "sunflower" performs a most Im
portant office-it separates the groups of
current pulses into Individual flashes of
current, literally dissecting each letter
Into its six parts and sending each part
forward as an Independent pulsation.
Suppose the letter A. which in the
Buckingham system Is composed of a
dash followed by two dots (— ---) comes
into the "sunflower."- It has six pulses
of current, one for the dash, two for the
dots, two for the spaces between the
dash and the dots, and the last, or sixth,
for the space following the letter. The
group of pulsations Is split up. each pulse
going to one of the, six contact points.
Each point Is a little switch, connected
electrically with Ha "relay." which in
turn Is in circuit with an electro-mag
net under the printing device.
The pulse of current for -the dash in
the letter A goes to the> particular relay
whose wire, springs, kind of winding,
etc., are so nicely proportioned and ad
justed that only a pulsation of the length
and, character represented by -the dash
will put it In action. On the instant the
armature of the "dash" relay moves a
current flashes around the connecting
electro-magnet In the printing device.
That particular magnet moves a little
ptcel arm. which in turn moves one of a
series of horizontally arranged levers, and
It Is these levers which push forward and
pull backward and turn the type cylin
der.
There are five levers with their five
pairs of electro-magnets In the printing
machine. There are five of the relays
which select their corresponding electro
magnets In the printer. , The order : In
which the first five of . the six pulses of
current for each lettei^ come -over the
wire from the sending • end ¦ determines
the combination of relays, contact points,
magnets and levers which moves' the type
cylinder forward and twists It around un
til the right letter for that particular
combination Is under the hammer. ...Then
comes the sixth pulse— always a long one.
It actuates its magnet, the little hammer
flies against the paper, and the dash and
two dots assume tangible form in . the
shape of a purple colored "A on the tele
graph blank. The message "written." It
is slipped from the brass arm and while
the ¦¦¦ operator, is sending the completed
message to be copied, etc.. the "buck" is
"writing" another one, the little hammer
tapping the letters out more rapidly than
[the most expert ot human typewriters.'
BT MAIyCOLM McDOWELL..
New 'Automatic Recorder.
It is not our affair, but we express- what many gentlemen
think in saying that Lane's set and thorough repudiation of
his friend McNab is an odious proceeding. It is known to
every politician in the State that McNab was Lane's wet
nurse in politics. He taught the young man the alphabet of
politics, picked him up in his first political panties, led and
nurtured him into knickerbockers and out of them into
long trousers. If ever one man was under obligation to
another Lane owes what he is to McNab. Therefore it is
painful to see him, at the dictation of the Examiner, stand
up and kick his friend in the face and break his political
nose and treat him as a man of such ill repute that associa
tion with him is contaminating. It is a high price to pay
for the office of Mayor, if it were possible for Lane to be
elected. All men know of McNab's sturdy and steady
friendship for the ambitious young man, and all who know
it feel that Mr. Lane has belittled himself by declaring that
the Examiner's" estimate of his friend is correct, and that
he is properly on that paper's blacklist and is a man to be
shunned.
A man of spirit' would not have done this. Mr. Lane
will never be a success in politics, and we fear that this
perfidy to his friend indicates his failure in everything, for it
is the first requisite to success that a man stick to his friends.
He may be mistaken in his estimate of them, but all men re
spect him for fidelity to those who have befriended him!
The politicians are aghast at this latest caper of Mr. Lane.
We have had various bosses and syndicates of bosses in this
city. They have worked politics, and in that work have
done grievous and questionable things. ..They have all de
clined and passed to make room for. others, but in the case
of each his fidelity to his friends is remembered as a virtue
that condoned many vices. It is noticed that even when
Chris Buckley comes to town his walk through the streets
is hindered by citizens, who greet him respectfully. They
know he bossed us with a heavy hand and trod us with a
hard heel, but that is forgotten, and men remember that,
with it all, he was faithful to his friends. It is a virtue that
he shares in common with men who never brought wrath
I upon them by bossing in politics, and is the one touch of
nature in which men who opposed and fought him fellow
ship him now.,
Mr. Lane puts himself in a class superior to Buckley,
but we wish to remark that in this respect of fidelity to a
friend he is Buckley's inferior. McNab is denounced by
the Examiner and blacklisted as a boss, but we know of
I no instance in which he has betrayed, belittled and repu
diated a friend. It is his fault that, as Mr. Lane's school
master, guide, philosopher and friend in politics, he did not
teach him fidelity to friends as the-first essential to success.
Perhaps he took Lane at his own estimate, and when he
appraised himself as a gentleman regarded this quality of
fidelity as a necessary element in that character. But he
pays dearly for assuming that much, for now Lane butchers
him to make an Examiner holiday. -This proceeding makes
Lane a preposterous candidate. It is the bending of his
neck to the Examiner yoke, which even Phelan's political
muscle found a burden too heavy to bear. :
it * R. LANE has furnished the surprise of the cam
/\/\ paign" He. has publicly repudiated and unloaded
1 V 1 M r/ McNab. He states in his unloading- speech
that he has not now never had anything to do with
McNab. To make his repudiation retroactive he declares that
he was under no obligation to McNab for his nomination
to the Governorship, and that he also nominated himself
for Mayor. To further clinch it he shoves his self-adminis
tered purgative still further back and tells the stdryof his
nomination for City Attorney, which he says he secured
by getting pledges of a majority of the delegates his own
self. One part of the whole repudiatory revelation is of
interest, for it makes it perfectly, plain that Mr. Lane did
not wait for any of the offices to which he has been nomi
nated or elected to seek him. He did not shy, side-step nor
run and hide. Quite otherwise. He went out and hunted
the office every time and ran it to cover and caught it, with
out any help from McNab or anybody else. He is the glow
worm of politics, and does not conceal himself, but lights
his lantern and gleams in the political grass to attract the
job which he covets. _ < . .
The Examiner has not only made this repudiation of Mc-
Nab necessary, but it is probably a condition of that paper's
support. In unloading McNab,- and dumping him in the
political go-down as so much chuckage, he loads up with
the Examiner. He has not escaped a boss, but has merejy
traded bosses, and the people, when they vote, must give
careful consideration to the exchange. Every citizen must
make up his mind whether the city government will be
cleaner and more decent if bossed by the Examiner instead
of by Mr. McNab.
Sensational newspapers, in the interest of the scrippers'
raid, have been parading tens of millions of dollars as the
amount involved in the frauds now under examination. But
the Secretary of the Interior says that a comprehensive
examination by experts has resulted in finding that only a
million acres needs to be investigated .for fraud. Such
cases are constantly under examination, and a percentage of
these to which public attention has been recently called are
not of recent origin. The rights of the Government never
lapse, and the statute of limitations does not run against
sovereignty, and these land cases lie for years in the hands
of the fraud division of the General Land Office until they
can be efficiently examined. There is now a proper dispo
sition to clear them up. and the well-known views of the
President upon righteous administration satisfy the people
that he will see to it that the truth is known and the guilty
are punished.
THERE is something suspicious in the effort to inflate
the land frauds into a gigantic measure. The holders
of land scrip have an organized campaign to procure
the repeal of all existing laws by. which public land, may
pass into private' ownership. ... If' this is done the outstanding
land scrip becomes very valuable, since by. its location only
can land, be secured. The best way to procure the repeal
of the land laws is by making the country believe thatthey
are the means of fraud. To this end the preposterous theory
is propagated that when an owner sells land that has been
patented to him that act is evidence that his intentions were
fraudulent! It is known that there are instances of mis
use of the land laws by the employment of dummies to
make the entry and get the patents. But such misuse of the
law. has occurred wherever there was public domain.
The same sensational charges that are made now. were
made in all the older land States. It is undeniable that the
laws may be guarded against misuse, and should be amended
for that purpose:^ It is also proper policy, if feasible,. that
desert and arid lands that, may be irrigated under the Fed
eral law may be withdrawn from entrv. under any of the ex
isting laws and held in reserve for actual settlers when
water is ready for them. This is necessary in order that the
Government may get its money back into the revolving
fund, to be applied again to irrigation works. But in order
to safeguard the laws by wholesome amendment, or to
carry out properly the irrigation policy of the Government,
it is ¦ entirely unnecessary to lampoon^the whole Western
country and make the Eastern people believe that we are
This lead and this parry are the ground
work of boxing. Study them carefully,
comparing your own pose with those in
the illustrations. That will be enough for
to-day. In ,my next lesson I will tell you
more of that same lead and parry and
will teach you several other of the funda
mental blows and guards on which all
boxing depends.
again, as when you were standing on
guard.
Now for the way to parry this straight
left lead for the face: When your op
ponent leads with his left for your face
raise your right arm, keeping the wrist
higher than the elbow, throwing the fore
arm upward and out, with the hand
turned out- Thus you will catch the blow
on the fleshy part of the forearm, where,
owing to the slant, it will not Jar you too
hard.
"That's the way I feel about my posi
tion toward the candidate you fellows
turned down to-night.- I was with him
to the last." . w^m^m^t
"Just before . election," said a promi
nent politician at his club last night,
"there was a conference between certain
political forces in tha city to attempt a
coalition to defeat a certain man for of
fice. It was for a minor office, so names
do not matter. There were friends of
two candidates present, and after a long
discussion ft was decided to throw all
our strength" to one of them in order to
beat the third man in the race. Among
those who earnestly upheld his candidate
during the discussion, but was finally
outvoted, was a fine old fellow who onCe
owned cattle In New Mexico. *¦ -.
"This puts me In a bad position. * he
said as he left the meeting. "It makes
me look like a traitor to. my -friend."
"But you did all you could for him.
some one urged. "We must beat this
third fellow and your man had to be sac
rificed/* • ' v
"Well." he said, "it reminds me of a
storyW a horse thref they hanged down
in New Mexico in the early days. He
had to be hanged, because he did steal
horses, and after the. operation was
properly performed tbo committee ad
journed to a neighboring saloon. - There
some galoot under the influence of bad
whisky began to recount the, virtues of
the deceased.
"'He spent all the money he stole as
though he found it.' said the galoot, 'and
he never seen nobody go hungry or thirs
ty when he had his gun.*
"Under this urging the committee be
came remorseful. They rounded up a
carpenter, who sawed out a headboard
from a dry goods box, and they woke up
the only painter in the town to decorate
It. Then the committee framed an epi
taph which read.
"•Here lies Six-Shooter Smith. This
monument is erected by his friends. We
was with him to the last.'
Until the Last.
LANE UNLOADS McNAB.
THE^LAND FRAUDS.
THE SAN iRANGlSGOi GALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor .. v . . . •• ¦". Address >AU Ommwiications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office. <f^j^0> Third and Market Streets, S. F.
FRIDAY •/... ."••• ;..:..:.......... ......i ..............:. ..OCTOBER 30, 1903
8
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES.; Old , Kirk Whisky is a straight blend of
the" best; Kentucky";whlskies, medicinal
»nd free 'from impurities. •:
The regular j annual November.^ festival
of the San Francisco Gruetli', Verein will
be held at v Turner Hall,; on YTurk 'street/
next Sunday, evening. .The singing section
will produce thefarce "A Small Swindle.'.'
A . musical ' programme, under the direc
tion of ; Professor G. Hoffmann,: will also
be rendered. . .
Oruetli Verein Festival.
Old Original; Indian Basket Store,
638' Post St.. corner 'Jones, selling out at
cost. Examine our stock before buying. •
The San E'rancisco Commercial Travel
ers' Association gave Its regular annual
benefit last evening at the Grand Opera
house. The theater, was artistically, dec
orated with American flags, banners and
greens, and the attendance was so large
as 'to force the management to place ex
tra, chairs and stools In the aisles. The
names i of several of the officers of the
association "were used in such- a way as
to cause great laughter from their friends.
Commercial Travelers' Benefit.
NEW YORK, Oct. 29.— The following
Calif ornians . are in New, York : • From
San^Francisco— H. : de Fontenay, at rthe
York: W. A. Doyle, at the Imperial;, S.
W. Ehrman and wife, Miss Guggenheim
and Mrs. L. Guggenheim, at the Savoy;
Mrs.. H. H. Hackett, at the Manhattan;
F. Hartln and wife, at the Marlborough;
J. L. Koster and wife, at the Manhattan;
Miss C. Li. Lovell, afthe Murray ' Hill ;J. J
California!!* in New York.
A party of Baptist missionaries com
posed of Miss Austin of Lyr.n, Mass.,
Miss Cole of Cleveland, Ohio, and V.r.
and Mrs. E. E. Jones of Boston, who sail
on the Coptic Saturday for China with u
number of other Baptists, arrived at the
Occidental yesterday.
W. K. Ryan and R. M. Dudley, wealthy
mining men of New York, who are large
ly interested in properties In Mexico and
the Middle West of this country, arrived
fiom the East in a special car with: their
wives yesterday and registered at the
Palace. Mr. Ryan is. the son ofThomas
F. Ryan, a member of what Is familiarly
known as the Morton-Ryan and Morton-
Whitney syndicate of New York, and is a
heavy operator In Wall street.-
on the circuit. At Lexington the colonel
witnessed Dan Patch break - the record
and had the pleasure of being one of the
officials in the judges' stand. He also
saw liou Dillon in her record-breaking
performances.
A. G. Maginni?, land agent of the Santa
Fe road, and E. L. Doheny of Los An
geles, with whom the former Is associated
In several enterprises, are registered at
the Palace.
General Funston, -commanding the De
partment of the Columbia, who Is visit-
Ing the family of his wife ir. Oakland/
spent several hours at the Occidental
yesterday.
Colonel John C. Kirkpatrick, managing
director of the Sharon Estate Company,
returned last , evening • from a' six weeks*
visit in the East, where his 'horses have
lately been performing remarkably well
R, R. Denny of Etna, who owns a num
ber of merchandise stores in Slskiynu
County, la at the Grand.
Charles Blakeley, a broker of Boston,
and his wife,' who have been at the Pal
ace for several days, ¦ departed for Aus
tralia yesterday. . ...
M. Sergy Freide, a capitalist of New
York, and hi« family are among the latest
arrivals at the Palace.
F. M. Buck of Vacavllle Is at the Lick.
Dr. J. S. Watson of Aurora, 111., Is at
the Palace.
Banker T. J. Field of Monterey is at
the Palace. ,
Peter Musto, c merchant of Stockton. Js
at the Grand.
John Craig, proprietor of the Highland
Spring Hotel, is at the Grand.
George R. . Stewart, a stock man of
Crows Landing, Is at the GranJ.
Dr. and Mrs. E. L. Marsh of Shanghai,
China, are registered at the Occidental.
Sydney Smith, a mining man of New
Ydrk, arrived at the Palace last evening.
W. J. Leland, formerly of Sissona. now
engaged In mining In Alaska, is etaying
at the Grand.
PERSONAL MENTION.
L. P. Latimcr delivered a lecture on
art. and criticized the methods in vogue
in photographic studios. He said that
not sufficient attention was given to ar
tistic posing and lighting and that un
natural positions were the results of this
neglect when the finished pictures werf
turned over to patrons. He advised his
The opening of the convention yester
da%' morning began with an address of
welcome to th*» delegates by the presi
dent. F. A. Webster of Oakland. He con
gratulated the members on the magnifi
cent display of more than M00 photo
graphs and felt sure that the gathering
would result in bringing the members Into
closer business relations and be beneficial
in every way.
WELCOME TO DELEGATES.
The study of light and shade, artistic
posing, development of negatives, print
ing' of pictures and the many attributes
of the craft were demonstrated yester
day and the members of the association
were able to learn much that will be of
value to them in their respective studios.
The association had its inception In the
gathering of seven photographers in April
last, with the intention of forming a so
cial club. From the temporary associa
tion grew one that embraced the leading
photographers in California and valuable
assistance from fellows of the camera
craft all over the United States.
nia, which commenced yesterday
in the art gallery of the Mechanics' Pa
vilion.
Although the association Is but a few
months old. the greatest credit Is due the
members for the excellence of the ex
hibit and the worth of the addresses pre
sented yesterday.
As a rule, conventions are limited to
the delivery of addresses and the ex
change of views of the members, but the
photographers of California have added
to the features by practical demonstra
tions of their art.
/ — s^ AN FRANCISCO has had many
'^^^ conventions, but none more inter
r^rt esting than that of the Photo
»^ graphers' Association of Califor-
J. Hyer, at the Union Square; Mrs. A.
Kutner and L. A. Kutner, at the Hoff
man, and Miss M. Patton, at the St.
Denis. '¦"••..•
From Los Angeles— Miss N. Petray, at
the Westminster; P. Feroe and E. D. Mc-
Laughlin, at the Victoria, and Dr. P. G.
Cotter," at the Hoffman.
From San Diego— I. I. Gill, at the Hol
land. r ;
Press — Carl E.-'Ackerman (chairman).' Georir*
W. Haley. T. rC. Murray. G. J. Fowzer O F
Lussler, George V> Robinson. A. C. Plllsbiiry.
Souvenir programme and annual — Dave F.
MuIIender.
Entertainment— I* D. ! Hlcka (chairman) :
baseball— F. D. BurlelKti, s. Cohn. R. A Tow
er*; banquet — O. II.. Boye. J. F. Rertrand I*
D. Hicks: theater— 1>. F. Terkelson. Ira' H.
Latour: excursion— Will Lussler. . G. FV Kelly.
.Reception — Georjre . I>. Wlleox (chairman),
Georifft Habcrnlcht. H. G. Vaujrhan, T. P.
Andrews, J. G. Hucks, Jacob Fowzer, G* H.
Knight. B Blaucrt. Paul Lota. Charles John
son. R. P. Whlghanv C. J. Wall Wt K.
Smith. J. C. Rasmussen, J. M. Le nz> p p.
Dana. D. Sewell. Arnold Genthe, Fred V. Ad
ams.
Convention committee — O. H. Boye (chair
man). Louis Thors. -I. \V. Taber. Will tussier
L. F. Terkelson. H. W. Oliver, K. I, Bowman
The officers of the Photographers' As
sociation of California are as follows: F.
A. Webster, president; M. M. Morrison,
vice president; F. G. Schumacher, di
rector; D. F. MuIIender, secretary; H. G.
Vaughan. treasurer; G. F. Kelly, ser
geant-at-arms.
The committees in charge of the con
vention, are composed of the following
gentlemen:
OFFICIALS IN CHAHOE.
The delegates will assemble this morn
ing at 9 o'clock to hear addresses and wit
ness demonstrations on the use of cer
tain kinds of printing papers. At 1 p. m.
the delegates will enjoy a ride on the
bay by special, ferry-boat, and this even
ing will attend a theater party at
Fischer's Theater.
There is also a complete exhibit of pho
tographers' supplies of all kinds, and
they give one an idea of the magnitude
of the business.
is likely to attract large numbers to
-nlght and to-morrow evening. The ex
hibit will be open to the public free from
8 o'clock to 11.
In addition to the display by pho
tographers of the State, there are exhib
its by photographers from every portion
of the United States. The exhibits from
outside of California are entered in a
contest for a silver cup, and the Judges
are sure to have a difficult task in de
ciding the merits of the entries. The ex
hibit Is the finest ever seen in San Fran
cisco, and reflects the greatest credit on
all concerned.
There were tiny miniatures in a score
of tones and colors, together with en
larged photographs ranging to more than
life-sized full length figures. The range
of the photographer's art is touched In
every minute detail, and the exhibition
The exhibit of photographs and pictures
wa? thrown open to the public last even
ing, and hundreds of ladies and gentle
men gathered in the art gallery of the
Mechanics' Pavilion to inspect the dis
play. - "i r
Almost every photographer of San
Francisco and the State was represented
on the draped wall* by exquisite and ar
tistic products of their studios.
FRES-TNTS ARTISTIC DISPLAY.
L. J. R. Hoist followed with an ad
dress on "A Few Facts About the Lens,"
and ho showed, by use of a blackboard,
the proper methods to use in photography
in order to secure concentration of the
rays of light. The address was replete
with figures explaining exact distances for
use of the' lens and the oroDer size of
lenses to use for certain distances. The
speaker answered a number of questions,
and he was given a hearty round of ap
plause when he retired.
Ira Latour gave a number of exhibi
tions in the use of platinum prints, O. V.
Lange explained the methods of the gum
bichromate process and T. H. Wilton
demonstrated the utility of the carbon
process.
W. C. Duyrea demonstrated the use of
the Eastman bromide process, and the
various sneakers presented to the gath
ering a number of superb photographs of
various tones and colors.
GIVE DEMONSTRATIONS.
hearers to use e^ery means to harmonize
lighting:, posing and^surroundings of their
patrons and not to sacrifice these artistic
requirements for mere financial returns.
George L. Wilcox then gave a practical
exhibition of posing and lighting under
the skylight, and the demonstrations were
closely watched by the audience.
J. F. Mullender gave an exhibition of
flashlight portrait work, taking the por
traits of two children by using flash pow
der. The development of the plates fol
lowed and the prints were of a high order
of merit.
OFFICERS OF THE PHOTOGRAPHERS' ASSOCIATION* OF CALIFORNIA WHICH WAS RBCBNTLT FORMED
AND WHICH IS NOW HOLDING ITS FIRST ANNUAL. CONVENTION AT" THE MECHANICS" PAVILION
ART GALLERY IN THIS CITY. ,
PEKING, Oct. 29.— The Chinese" Foreign
Office is alarmed at the project of the
Philippine Government to purchase 30,000
water buffaloes in South China to replace
those which have died of the pest. United
States Minister Conger has asked the au
thorities to remit the export duty on the
buffalo because the project is charitable,
but Ling Fang, secretary of the Foreign
Office, replied that he doubted whether
there were 30,000 buffaloes In China, and
said he feared the Chinese farmers would
sell all they had if they were offered a
good "price. I with the result that there
would be a famine, owing to the lackxof
animals to cultivate the land. The Chi
nese officials, however, probably will ac
cede to Conger's request.
Official- Fear That Farmers by Ac
commodating Philippine Govern
ment Will Harm Themselves.
CHINA DOES NOT LIKE
THE BUFFALO PROJTECT
nrUCXXGTOK. rvi.. Ort. _».— The wrrks of
tli* Johnson Forpe <>jrnp«nav !n this city were
burned to-night. Ix>s5. $]25.OTi».
SAN JOSE, Oct. 20— Miss Ella Perkins,
while ridlngr a bicycle thl3 afternoon, was
knocked down by another rider and seriously
Injured, her skull belnff fractured.
}?y-rst i Dowie isaid:
Tfrr-ve'* thai miserable Parkbursl. He tn!!s
over hit- wini'jn and hi» hearrrs toil xrhll*
listrnfnr to him. I have mart* up ray mtnd
th*t Parkhur^t isn't v.-^rt^i powijer and shot.
He iH'vor in his life ad!rpp«»<i ss many recple
e*= I addrpfsp^ in one w^k. I nevo'r hfard
that Mr. PerSiiiutet had to K^t th» polio* to
Ur-c v r*o ,1«. r,at _C bia church as th-j- had to
Co 8t my rrn^tins.
.. *VEW YORK. Oct. Dowi*.,
¦tt; his noonday mppting. engaged in a d*»
ri\:nciation cf medical studonts, medical
KpUores, secret suciptift: and the newspa
;!'<rs. Concerning Rev. Charles II. Park-
ELIJAH" DOWIE PAYS
KESPECTS TO PABKHUEST
ajjnounces His Opinion That the Re
former "Isn't Worth Powder
and Shot.''
It was during one- of these storms that
on August 20 Hotetter was carried from
the main gallant mast to his death. He
was a single man, about 30 years of age.,
and a native of Germany. August 31, the
day following his death, his remains were
buried at sea.
SEATTLE, Oct. 29.— Fierce storms, dur
ing one. of which, off Cape Horn, Second
Mate Hotetter lost his hold and fell from
the main gallant mast to the deck and
was instantly | killed, made a voyage
eventful enough for the German ship
Thalassa. Captain A. Pellng, which ar
rived this morning from Antwerp.
The vessel was 172 days at sea. She
had some rough weather during the sixty
four days to the Horn, but it was off the
latter that she ran into gale after gale,
which at times blew with almost hur
ricane force. *
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE "*"
OP THE PACIFIC COAST
Several Postmasters Are Appointed
and One California Office Is
Ordered Closed. -
WASHINGTON. Oct. 29.— Postofflce to
be discontinued November 14: California
— Lumsden, Tuolumne County; mail goes
to Nashton. -> \ ; \-'-'
Postmasters commissioned: Oregon —
Mary A. Wilson, Carson; William I_ Pur
cell, Holdman.
Fourth class Postmasters appointed:
California— Clarence A. Basaham. Auck
land, Tulare County, vice Ellas T. Gart
ner, resigned; Maynard H. Harms. New
Almaden, Santa Clara County, vice George
Carson, resigned. Washington— Arthur J.
Olarey. Wilson Creek, Douglas County,
vice Donald Urauhart, resigned.
Navy orders: Captain Richardson Clov
er is assigned to the command of the
Wisconsin. Midshipman C. E. Smith is
detached from the New York and goes
to the Petrel.
LONDON, Oct. 29.— Sir Thomas Lipton
has definitely withdrawn his offer to pre
sent a cup for a trans-Atlantic yacht race
in 1904, and has made way for Emperor
William,"' who 'will present a cup through
the New York Yacht Club or the Atlantic
Yacht Club. The result was attained by;
the following interchange of telegrams: j
From Sir Thomas Lipton to Emperor j
William, October 27:
1 hear . f rcm the Atlantic Yacht Club your
Majesty contemplates offering a cup for a trans-
Atlantic i yacht race in li«u, but that some!
question has arisen on account of a similar of- ¦
'fer by myseir. In the best Interests of the i
sport of which your Majesty has always been I
an enthusiastic exponent. I am only too willing ;
to ask the consent of the Atlantic Yacht Club
to -withdraw my offer for 1004 and most re
spectfully and heartily tender your Majesty
such support as lies In my power to mane a
trails-Atlantic race for your cup In 1W4 a thor
oughly representative, international event,
which, under your imperial auspices, it could
scarcely fall to be. Iwo trans-Atlantic races 1
the game year would hardly b« satlstttctory to .
the contestants, nor provide an efficient test of I
the highest yachting skill, endurance and work- i
manshtp. X i feel certain that these reasons I
which prompt this offer of withdrawal would
ui>i><al to the authorities or the Atlantic Yacht ;
Club, and that they, jointly with the New York i
Yacht Club officials, would gladly carry out suchj
arrangements as your Majesty might suggen )
and agree with me in desiring to do everything i
possible to show keen appreciation of the gen
erous- Interest* your Majesty has repeatedly ,
tv.n-.-ed In the advancement of yachting in all
countries. , .
Upon receiving your distinguished approval
I will cable to New York a definite withdrawal
of my offer for 1004. THOMAS. J. LIPTON. ,
From Emperor William:
NEW PALACE, Germany, Oct. 23.
Sir Thomas L/pton. LCndon: '
I am most grateful for your kind telegram.
My olfer was not made earlier, as 1 was unable
to find out whether you intended to build for
lSKU. Consequently I feared to disturb your
plans in case you were preparing a new chal
lenge for the America's' cup. I was informed
by my Kmbassador, who will offer my cup to
the two clubs, that a similar offer had been
made by you. I at once resolved to leave It to
the officers of the Atlantic Yacht Club and the
N«-w York Yacht Club to decide which offer
would be acceptable to them, as I fully agree
with you that two trans-Atlantic races In the
satoe year would hardly provide a satisfactory .
sport or results; ! Your resolve to withdraw j
your offer for my Bake has deeply touched me ,
and I hasten' to thank you for your generous
Intention and accept your proposal.
1 was prompted to offer a cup In hopes of en
couraging ocean racing with a view to stimu
latinr designers and builders into producing a
clasa capable of keeping the open sea easily and
combining seaworthiness with safety and com- j
fort, without sacrificing speed, and to develop
a sound type of schooner.
I believe this class of yacht would most ap
peal to those who love the sea and who do not
wish to use their craft exclusively for racing
purposes. -
With your generous withdrawal, you havs
magnanimously tendered your support to make
a race for an Atlantic cup a success, thereby
curving the great cause of yacht racing, the
finest sport In the world, the development of
which I have so much at heart.
Once more my most sincere thanks,
WILLIAM, I. R.
V iose friends were made beneficiaries by
hi*, will. The verdict of the Coroner's jury
•i< ayes the case where it has been all
siong, as it was believed that he did not
< :r from natural causes.
J. P. R. Brown, who had conducted the
"itvesti^ation. proposes to remain here
v.ntl investigate further.
}ihs been done owing to the illness of
• nionel C. T. Campbell of Louisville, who
Jiad been retained by J. p. R. Brown to
look after his interests in the case.
¦-•Kx-Rrcordcr Brown left a valuable es
tate, of which his wife, from whom he
l^ad been separated, several nephews and
up, and it has been continued at intervals
ever since. In all there were thirteen ses
sions, not counting: the viewing of the
bodjr. For the past two months nothing
PITTSBURG. Oct. 29.— The verdict of
the Coroner's jury on the death of ex-
City Recorder Owen Brown was reached
t^-night after thirteen sittings. The Jury
found that Brown came to his death sud
denly at his residence on Sunday after
noon. March 15. 1303, from poison admin
istered by some unknown person or per
sons.
. The drath of Recorder Brown occurred
H few days after his resignation as City
Recorder, at the close of a year's bitter
factional fighting in local politics.
There were vague rumors of suicide at
ihe time, but the death was generally at
tributed to collapse from overwork and
mental stress. The suicide rumors, how
ever, reached the ear of J. P. R. Brown
of Nebraska, a brother of the deceased,
and he cam*? here to investigate. On April
«i he had th«> body exhumed from its rest
ing place in Bull Creek Ometery, near
Tarentum, Pa., the boyhood home of the
Krcorder, and a post-mortem examination
lKld. • After the post-mortem the vital or
gans were sent to Philadelphia for a
chemical analysis.
• On June 29 the inquest proper was taken
Cup for Trans- Atlantic Race
Will Be. Presented by
the Kaiser.
Coroner's Jury Renders Ver
• diet Months After Com
mission of Crime.
Second Mate Killed DuriDg
Terrific Storm' Near^
the Horn.
Former Pittsburg Offl
cial the Victim of a
Murderer.
German Vessel Thalassa
Has a Perilous
.Voyage. ¦ "
Interesting Addresses and Practical Demonstrations
Usher In First Session of Gathering and a Superb
Exhibition of Artistic Pictures Is Opened to View
Distinguished Yachts
man ; Yields to Ger
man Emperor.
PHOTOGRAPHERS OF STATE
ASSEMBLE IN CONVENTION
MARINER FALLS
FROM THE MAST
LIPTON'S OFFER
IS WITHDRAWN
BROWN'S DEATH
DUE TO POISON
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL. FKIDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1903.
9
Ar V__BTISEMENTS.
IS YOUR STOMACH ON A
STRIKE?
There Is Nothing to Prevent You Em-
ploying a Substitute to Do Its Work, j
There Is such a thing as forbearance I
ceasing to be a virtue, even in the case of j
one's stomach. There is no question but j
that some stomachs will stand . a great j
dear more wear and tear and abuse than :
others, but they all have their limit and ',
when that limit Is reached . the stomach!
rnust' bo reckoned with as sure as fate. I
The btst way and really the only effec- !
tlve -way to treat your stomach when it !
rebels is to employ a substitute to do its .
work. This . will givp the weakened and j
worn-out organ an opportunity to rest and !
regain Its strength and health. I
Stuart's Dyspepsia - Tablets relieve the !
stomach of i its work by j taking up the i
work and doing it just as one set or [
shift of,' workmen relieves another. They !
actually digest the food in just the same j
manner and just the same time as the j
digestive fluids of a sound stomach do. In !
fact, when dissolved In the stomach thpy
are digestive fluids, for they contain
exactly the same constituents and ele-
ments as the gastic juice and other di-
gestive fluids of the stomach. No mat-
ter what the condition of the stomach is, I
their work Is Just the same. They work*
in their own natural way without regard
to surrounding conditions. .
The stomach being thus relieved by
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, . Is restored
and renewed by nature and the rest of
the • human body does not suffer in the
least by -reason of its failure to perform
its work.
;A Wisconsin man says: "I suffered the
pangs of dyspepsia for ten years. I tried
every known remedy with indifferent re-
sults until I was told of the remarkable
cures of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. I
bought n box, began taking them and
forgot. I had a stomach. Three, boxes
cured me completely. I have had no trou-
ble whatever for a year and have an ap-
petite like a harvest hand and can eat
anything that is set. before me without
fear of bad results."
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are for sale
byall druggists at 50 cents a box. The
druggist never falls to have them in stock,
because the demand for them is so great
and Iso pronounced that he cannot afford
to be Y without them. People who ;¦ could
not get them of one druggist would go
to ; another and would get in the habit of
buying v their other drugs there as well as
their, Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
ffe I IBI _P% Ammunition. Hunting aoj
fl BQ IHIt 1 Sporting Goods. L - r*e»i
| n l fl Bis ttock. Lowest prices. a«oj
HOB IIbBI >or catalogue.
%S U i « %JB .SHREVE * BARBSK CO..
-7~ -.- _ "¦ ~ ' 7X1 Market St. aud 311
•; Kwoy it.
i ADVEBTISEMENTS.
t .
Skin Diseases
Eczema, Salt Rheum, Pimples,
Ringworm, Itch, Ivy Poison, Acne
or other skin troubles, can be
promptly cured by
Hydrorone is endorsed by leading
physicians. It is absolutely harm-
less, yet most powerful healing
agent Hydrozone destroys para-
sites utfiich cause these diseases.
; Take no substitute and see that
I every bottle bears my' signature.
I Tri-1 Size, 25 Cents.
; At Dr_g_:tsts or by mall, from
'I
I I «r a w /Booklet on the rational trrat-
j I rw *'' r '\m»ut ordiieiiM «ent free.
idiatc gce the beilutifnl
j COURT Lounging
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
uuu PARLOR, the
!*!_«_, ,1 PALM ROOM, tho
llfaind LOUIS XV PAR.
Ul ** 11U LOR, and the LA-
H,U,J~ DIE S' WRITING
! I dr.pierces
GOLEDEK
MEDICAL, J
CflSCOVERY
VOR THE
BLOOP.LIVER.UJNCS.
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR "S^ST
¦ - General Manager.
"The New Stock Company a Trltunp_ for
| the Alcazar," — Say a Town Talk.
TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK OXLT.
MATS. TO-MORROW AND 8U*NDAT.
UNDER £-..
THE Stanley
Wcyman's
RED ROBE SSL,..
Evg., 25c to 75c; Mata. Sat. & Sun.. 15c to 50c
NEXT MONDAY — Inaugural of the Autumn
Comedy Season with Gillette's Laughing Hit,
TOO MUCH JOHNSON.
The Next Redtll Of the Series Planned for
Thl<~Wlnter Will Be Given on
SATURDAT. OCTOBER 31»t.
At 3 P. m.. In the Usual Place.
STEINWAT HALL.
MR PERCTVAL K. VAN TORX will pre-
side at the. piano with the aid of the Ange-
lu*. and
Mr. Herbert Williams,
TENOR, I
Will be the soloist of. the occasion. Compli-
mentary tickets mar be had at the store any
time before the recital.
SHERMAN. CLAY A CO..
Futter and Kearny sts.,' S. F.
BASEBALL !
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECREATION PARK.
EIGHTH AND HARRISON •
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY. 3 P. M.; SAT-
URDAY. 3P.1L
SUNDAT 2:30 P. M.
OAKLAND vs. SACRAMENTO.
LADIES' DAYS AND FRIDAT.
Advance Sale, 5 Stockton St.
iTEW ADVZHTISEMZNTS.
• HAPPY RESULTS OBTAINED
•.By the Uss of the New Scalp Antl-
; ' .. peptic.
It Tv-.tiMn't tnk^ lonjr to number the
-ba-if-s in the h<»ads r.f «sr>rn«» pwiplp the
rf-Hson behiff they b-TCn't many to num-
r.«T. _ Fn most instanc*-)*. however, the
.fault in their own. A jrerm _| the root
•strfin plays batrpe with the mo«t luxuri-
.ant grnv.th and cattsfta it to fa<V and fall
/"it. A remedy frr this has recently
'-Men discovered, called NVnhrn'n Ilerpi-
.ri^e. that riots liy destroying the pprm
:.t.bat d<w-« the damage, besides removing
s!l impurities from the scalp. In addi-
tion Jt permits new life and vijjor to en-
ler the s^alp. and happy result? are Pure
.t'> 1^ obtained from its usr. Try it. Sold
by. lrju!::-c drucerists. Send 10o in stamps
tor sample to The Ilerplcide Co.. Detroit,
!v; ;<^h.
CASTORIA
• : For Infants and Children.
Tba Kind You H^ye Always Bought
Bears the s-p? ££$j?-*~&-~
&gaat_ro ol (^^'*7*ff<ei6c6£/t£
b_.e;ks
Famous the World
Over— Full jl Matured.
%Totd EVerytoher: I
? CILBCRT MERCANTILE CO.. 1
Pacific Coast Acenta. K
br- — -y
.CUTLERY^
VU. T. HESS,
XTotary Public and Attorn ey-at-__w.
Tenth Floor, Room 1C1S. Clans SpreckeU bldg.
Teif-ihone Main 083.
Residence, 621 California «t.. below Powell.
Residence Telephone James 1501. - ,
DIRECTORY
GF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
l atalogue and Pries Lists Mallei
* on Application.
rarsH A_n> salt keats.
J \ J. U\J I C_> U vU> Clay. TeL Main 12J>4.
RUBRICATING OIL?-; LEONARD & EUUli.
«IM Front <„. S. F. Phone Main 1718.
FBX-TTUra. r ~~~--
F C RlifiHF? PRINTER.
U V. iHjUUCj, m Bansoroe St.. 8. IT.
ueAools and Colleges,
LEADING BUSIN'EES COLLEGE 'OF THE
WEKT. 24 Post «t.. Ean rranelteo. Cal.'-
tft*b!lRhc3 40 years. Open entire ye*r.
WrtU tor Illustrate, cataloru* Urtt).
AMUSEMENTS.
This Afternoon at 2 Sharp "sr^
DUSS NORDICA
ORCHESTRA soloist
SEATS— fl. *l so. $2 AND $3, AT SUCK— UUff.
CI_\Y_& CO.'S.
SEATS NOW* SEU—NG FOR
Ellerv's Royal Italian Band
AT SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S.
POPULAR PRICES.
5Oc 7 ____ SUOO
FIRST CONCERT NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON.
And every night except Monday up to and In-
cluding Sunday. November S. Matinees Satur-
day and Sunday^
NRW ACTS I PACES t
11 -* * T SENS ATIO N S I
McWatters and Tyson; Goleman's
Dogs and Cats; Three Richards;
* Crawford and Manning:; Wencna
and Frank, and New Motion
Pictures. Last Times of Water-
b_ry Brothers and Tenney; Whist-
vling Tom Browne and Herbert
Lloyd, assisted by Lillian Lilyan.
Reserved Seats _5o|Balcony 1(V»
Box Seats and Opera Chairs SOc
MATINEE TO-MO-KOVr—
Received With Shrieks of _,au*n.t«r.
LAST TWO NIGHTS
The Famous Musical Farce Corned?,
SPOTLESS
TOWN
LeMl» Morosco. I>tta Shaw and a Clarcr
Company of Comedians.
New Songs. Dance*. Specialties.
Beautiful Girl Chorus.
nnifCC Nights 150. 23c. SOc. T3a
inltCj Matinee* ISc. 25c. B0a
CRAJVptiSfiSZ
Four Weeks— NOVEMBER 2d to 28lti.
Matinees "Wet!, and Sat. Each Week. . »
x NO SUNDAY PERFORMANCES.
Curtain Rises Evenings at 8 o'clock Precisely.
Matinees at ". ¦ I—ite-comers not seated until
after prelude.
KLAW & ERLANGER'S
Stupendous Production of Qeneral Wallace's
BEN HUR
350 — Persons in Production — 35O
No 8«tts Laid Asids. >"» Ts'.ephons Ordsrs Titan.
PP.ICES— $2. $1 50. $1. 73c and SOc.
All Seats Reserved. General Admission, 91.
Out of town mall orders with remittances
filled In order received. Seats now selling. ;
irAbiFQRNlT
I Funniest Herman Comedians |#1
~*^ I That Ever Happened. " ¦
MASON AND MASON
In Their Great Farcical Success,
Rudolph and Adolph
Next Sun.— HAVEOILTTS MIXSTRE13.
with BILX.T VAX. the "Assassin of Sor-
row."
1 Eddie Leonard, last season «^^^
Ta.«f-o<-iatp ernlman with Lew|B~*
Dockstader. JQ-
HE.ATRU
I I V ULI HOUSE.
NOTE! — Performances begin at 8 sharp. SatTU> I
day Matinee at 2 sharp.
TO-NIGHT ¦
and Saturday . Night,
Verdi" a v Historical . Opera,
"UN BALLO MASCHERO"
("THE MASKED BAIJ_">
Saturday Matinee and Sunday Night.
Giordano's Masterpiece, .
"ANDRE JCHBNIER."
Next Week— "LA FAVORITA." "CAVAL-
LER1A" and '"PAOLIACCI."
PRICES AS CSUAI^— 25c. BOc. 73c.
Telephone Bush 9.
Belasco — ; Mayer. Proprietors.
Market 8t.. Near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAT.
Mammoth Production of
UNCLE TOM'S CABIN
100— PEOPLE IN THE CAST — 100
CHORUS OF 60 COLORED PEOPLE.
Southern Melodies. Grand Scenlo Effects.
I_ R. STOCKWELL. as LAWYER MARKS.
DDtT-C Evenlnics 10c t<J 60*
rKllfcjt Matinees ...10c. 15c. _5o
Week of Nov. 2 — "VALLST FORGE."
• — — — — ¦ ; — ,
This Week,> Last Chance to See That Exeep> ¦'
tloaal Play.
| T H _5 PAKADE R S |
Next Monday Nlgrht — A Remarkable Novelty, a ¦.
Real Rural Musical Comedy.
| IRUBEaa ond ROSES|
Staged to Perfection.
Our "All-Star" Cast, including Kolb and *
Dill. Baruey Bernard. W Infield Blake, Hany-
Hermsen, Maude Amber, Eleanor Jenkins. .
RESERVED SEATS— Nights, 23c. 60c and
75c. Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 25c and '
50c Children at Matinees, 10c and 25c.
woeld and xxxrosToar
AND A GRKAT SHOW EVERT AFTERNOON
AND EVENING IN THE THEATER.
DON'T FAIL* TO SEE
THE COLORED BABY
In the INFANT INCUBATOR.
Lion Slayiasr Baboon In tie Zoo.
LOTS OF FUN IN THE PENNY ARCADE
Election Beturns Tuesday Kiarht.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. 6c
Wken Phoning Ask for "The Chates."
& >PATEjsiTsf_;j
market sr. sTSSSr
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMXANA' BITTERS, THE
Great Mexican Remedy; xtves h«alt- «na
strength to sexual orgaaa. Depot, 323 Market.LONDON. Oct. 29.— George H! Watson
has declined the commission of the promi
nent Clyde yachtsman, previously^ re
ferred to as contemplating challenging ror
the America's cup. to design a cup chal
lenger, on the ground that it fs hopeless
for British or other challengers to con
tinue trying for the trophy under the
measurement rule by which* the chal
lengers have been rated.
Watson Declines to Build Yacht.
SAN JOSE, "Oct. v29-r- The well-known
Judson farm belonging to '..the estate of
H. C. "Judson, deceased," consisting of 158
acres was sold f to-day i to A: M. Hunter
or Utah for ; $30,000.' This place," which is
about two .'miles, from Santa -Clara, was
formerly ¦ widely known as ; the ; Judson
stock farm, .where^many f arricus running
horses : were bred. '. .., •¦ ¦ .
Old Judson Stock Farm Is Sold.
FATAL FALL FROM ROOF.— J. Relsi*. a
late arrival from Sacramento, fell from a roof
at GouKh and O'Farrell streets yesterday after
noon and died on the operating table at the'
Emergency Hospital from Internal Injuries.
Reisl? was working on the roof and lost his
balance.
' Floor— Mrs. George Richardson, Josephine
Bhea, May Stein. Lillian Byrnes, Sara Dorty
Rose Ryan and Mrs. . M. Brady. , I " '
, Reception — Elizabeth SmlthA Emma
ley, Susie McCluskejV Brlda O'Connor, Helena
Korean/ : " . .¦-¦•: ¦..: •. ;-.¦¦ ¦ .':; ¦¦ - .',;• , . , :
In addition there were vocal - selections
by the Elks', Quartet and specialties by
Ethel and Arnold Grazer, and M/J. Hynes.
The committees were as] follows:
_ Arrangements-^-Josephlne ' Bhea,* chairman-'
Nellie Anglln, treasurer; Mrs. George Richard
son, Mrs. M. FiUfferald, Cella Young; and
Kathryn Burke. ':¦ - •
Lyric Hall was crowded last night with
the members and friends of No. 7 of the
Young Ladies' Institute, who enjoyed' a
farce entitled "The Spinsters* Conven
tion," produced by Anna Mullery, Sara
Dorty, Lillian Byrnes, Mamie Deasy, Ella
Canning, Mrs. Mamie Fitzgerald, kittle
Burke, Josie Shea, Celia Young v Nellie
Anglln, Rose Ryan, .Elizabeth v Smith/
Margaret Ryan, D.' P. Casey, and -May
Stein. "¦ ; ¦ ., -¦ . ¦ ¦
Young Ladies in Farce.
NEW YORK, Oct. 29.— Thomas Mc-
Cauley, 16 years of age, lies at the point
off'deathiri a Brooklyn hospital from in
juires. received In a: football game. His
neck is broken and the lower, limbs are
paralyzed, but the lad retains full posses
sion, of his faculties. McCauley, ; who : Is
the son of a , police sergeant,' was iplaylng
on a. training school eleven. > He got the
ball, and started to run, when* he was
downed, with the entire team on top of
mW^lSgBgSSi . ,
Thomas .McCauley Is Carried From
i Field With; Neck Broken and
Limbs Paralyzed.
FLAYER IS FATALLY HURT
IN A FOOTBALL GAME
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 29.— J.:H.' Gray, a
contractor, who resides at 119 Boyle ave
nue, was attacked by three men near, the
corner of Ninth and Los Angeles streets
about 9 o'clock to-night and robbed 'of his
watch and chain and 50 cents, ~. all the
money he had with ¦¦ him. '• The 'robbery
was the first of its kind which, has. been
committed here for some time, for -in
stead of covering their victim with re
volvers the t obbers garroted him * two of
them holding hlnrwhile the third searched
his pockets. , V ' ;.- . : - '¦'
Robbers Hold Up a Contractor.
CINCINNATI. Oct. 29.— Dick Welles,
carrying 107 pounds and ridden by Knight,
failed to lower his world's record of
1 :27 2-5 at Latonla to-day, but he ran the
mile in 1:3S. clipping one and three-quar
ter seconds off the record for this course
fractional time— 25 4-5, :4S, 1:13, 1:38. Suml
rr.ary:
Firrt race, mile— G W W won. Cbantrelle
sw>nd. Bean third. Time 1:42% 7"^
Second race, six furlong's— Rlan won Chief
{^gg Becoad . GoW Bpink third. ' Time,
•Third race, mlle^ — Bud Emory won Frank
Mo B»>cond. Actolee third. Time 1-41V*
Fourth race. special event— Dick Welles
aenlns-i one mile record of 1:37 2-6. Time,
, Fifth race, six furlongs— Red Raven won.
Carl Kahler second. Reservation third. Time,
Flxti rac*. five and a half furl on jr»— Annie
Rofcinton won. Edna S. Hannon second. Annie
liaFilnr? third. Time. 1:08%. Annie
Seventh rar-e. six and a half furlong* Gold
finder won. King Rose eecond, Quix II third
Tinw, 1:21 2-5
Clips One and Three Quarter Seconds
" ,• Off Tim© for a Mile at That
Course.
DICK - Wrr.TKft BREAKS
• TBACK RECORD AT LATONTA
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 23.— The football
team of the Multnomah Athletic Club left
to-night for California, where games will
be played with Stanford and with the
University of California. Captain. George
McMillan will take fifteen men with him.
though he is somewhat disappointed that
four T of his best- men will be unabh- to
accompany the team on the southern trip.
The , following will compose the team:
Keller, Grieve, Ross, Horan. Krinick,
Kirkley, Pratt.f Dowllng, Johnson, Kerri
gan, Dolph, McMillan and Cock.
Will Play Both Stanford and Berke
ley During Its Football Pilgrim
> age to the South.
MULTNOMAH CLUB ELEVEN
STARTS FOR CALIFORNIA
Hundreds of veterans of the Grand
Army of the Republic were the guests
last evening in Pioneer Hall of Seven
Pines Circle of the Ladies of the G. A. R.
The occasion was a camp fire given by the
ladies. After a pleasing entertainment
there was a supper in the banquet hall,
such as used to be served in the army
In the days of the CiVil War. The fea
ture of the supper was baked pork and
beans,* served on tin plates, . with coffee
in tin cups. Pipes and tobacco were pro
vided for those who cared to smoke. In
addition to the "vets" and the ladies of
the circle there were many ladies and
gentlemen who are not members of either
organization, but who always take an
interest in social functions given by them.
For the pleasure of the assemblage there
was presented a programme made up of
the following numbers: 2
Overture, orchestra: address. National Presl-"
dent Mrs. B. S. Bailey: specialties, Ethel and
Arnold Grazer; recitation, "An Order for- &
Picture," Comrade J. H.. Roberts: Occidental
Quartet — First tenor. Harry Dowdell; second
tenor, Fred Keser; first bass, James Lewie;
second bass, Gus Dorn; specialties. Miss May
Pettee: recitation. "St. Peter at tha Gate."
Miss Josephine WaJworth; "The Man Who
Lead* the Band,". Frank Pohl, drum major.
This" very agreeable reminder of the
long ago, which closed with dancing, was
under the direction of the officers of the
circle. . - '. -
• ~~~ —¦ *— *— ~~
Old Time Camp Fire Prepared by
Ladies of the Grand
There were about 300 persons In attend
ance, and after the entertainment there
was dancing for two hours under the di
rection of Lyda A. Carroll as floor man
ager, assisted by Meta Kiigler, Lulu Aron
Julia Tanner, Dr. M. Freeman, Mrs ' J
Ralph, Minnie 'Abrams, M. Smith Miss
Beechtnor. Genevieve Carroll, Dr. A* Flor
ence Temple, Ide Kugler Mrs. H. Bailey,
Lottie Bean, Pauline Unger, Mrs. Kothe,
Frances Shine, Adelyn Brannan, Mary
Downs, Genevieve Murphy, Sadie -Drury,
Mabel Boscoe,. Emma: Kugler and Kittle
Unger.
a%? w arl *° r> Natlve Daughters- of the
Golden West, entertained a large num
ber of Its friends in Franklin Hall last
night with a vaudeville programme made
up of the following numbers: Recitation,
Miss Maude Langton; monologue "Baby"
Martin of the Alcazar; recitation. Miss
Julia Tanner; vocal solo. Miss Eleanor
Mangan; character sketch, Leavy and
Leo; vocal solo, Daniel Deasy, and spe
cialties by Hynes.
Keith Parlor's Vaudeville.
SEVEN PINES CTBCLE
- ENTERTAINS VETERANS
George Ring and Frank Bacieralupi, two
dairy hands, were arrested by Patrolman
CavaDaugh late«.last night and charged
at the Central police station with rob
bery. The men are accused by Joseph
Frank, a butcher, 216 Sacramento street,
with having robbed "and beaten him at
the corner of Kearny and Geary streets..
'Frank tells a startling story cf a bold
robbery in the presence of hundreds of
persons who were passing along the
streets at the time. According to • his
narrative he was walking alontf Kearny
street and as he was about to turn into
Geary the accused men quickly crossed
over from the opposite side | of Kearny
street and attacked him-
Frank states. that they struck, him sev
eral hard blows in the face ! and when
he had succumbed to their { beating the
pair went through his pockets and robbed
him of $7 30, all he'had. iTrankls badly
beaten about the face, but none of -the
money he is alleged to nave lost was
found in the possession of either, of the
accused men.
Joseph Frank Tells Police Officials
Startling Tale of Daring
Hold-TJp.
SAYS HE WAS BOBBED
ON CROWDED STREET
Four weeks ago the Talagoos defeated
the Tecumsehs on the field in this city
for the .California championship. The
members of the beaten team have never
been satisfied with the outcome. The Tal
agoos have been practicing regularly-., of
late in training for the trip to St. Louis,
where ¦ they expect to enter the interna
tional lacrosse tournament to be held dur
ing the World's Fair. The team Is In
splendid condition.
City visitors will come down by the
electric' cars from Market and Fifth
streets, which < take them within five
minutes' walk of the grounds. The game
will begin at 2:30 o'clock.
SAN MATEO, Oct. 29.— There will be
a match game of lacrosse on Charles "W.
Clark's grounds In this city next Sunday
between the Talagoos, the home ¦ team,
and the Tecumsehs of San Francisco. The
prize to be contested for Is a handsome
silver cup offered by the California La
crosse Association.
Talagoos and Tecumsehs Will Con
test for the Second Time for a
Silver Trophy.
LACROSSE TEAMS TO MEET
ON THE SAN MATEO FIELD
Fifth race, six and a half furlongs, selling —
Wachusett 111, Urbano 106. Martin Brady lOfl
Blue Miracle 106. Cherries 111, Billy Moore 111,
Respirator 111, Augie 111. -
Sixth race, one mile, selling — Cambaceres
112 ¦ Dr. Shorb 113, Constellator 100, Polo
nlus 95, Chub 112, Grail 104.
Fourth race, seven furlongs, srMIng — El Pl
loto 119. Miss Vera 124. The Miller 124,' Frank
Pearce 119, Loyal S 124 -
First race, pacere of 2:15 class, purse $400
Athnlo, Victor Platte, Otto Z, Wood B, L W.
Second race, four and a half furlongs. sell-
Ing, all ages — Pilot 11». Gusto 122. Toltec m.
Picture 99, County Down 9tt. Lady Belair 90
Rlxford 119, Private Nolan 119. Eva D 90.
Thii-d race, six furlongs, seVIlng; maidens
Bicycle 100, Camulos 101, Annie F 100, Hondu
ran 111, Midget 101, Cannell 106, Cazador 106,
Ismad 100.
LOS ANGELES ENTRIES.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Pronta, Frank M,
James J. Corbett.
Second race — My Gem, Badger
Girl, Fly Lady.
Third rac£— Eva's Darling, Jim
Hale, Cardwellton.
Fourth race — Witfull, Toah, Al
fredo.
Fifth race — General ; Steward,
Ralph Young, Myron Bale.
Sixth race — Boaster, Ledus,
Charley Thompson.
WORTH ENTRIES.
CHICAGO Oct. 29. — Entries:
First V&ce". one mile. PelHng-Llghthunt 112.
J>m«'J. Corbett 112. Four Leaf C 1O>
Balrd 107. Frank M 104, Jim KM. OJ
Mike 104. Pronta 104, Jack Doyle 99, Atheola
99 Tom Klnpsley 99.
Second race five and a half furlongs — Badge!
Girl 107. Leila 107, Fly Lady 100. Carmellta
100 Viola 100. My Gem 100. Wisteria 100. '
Third race, seven furlongs, selling — Jim Hale
106, Cardwellton 102. Lady Radnor 102, Eva's
t>arling 102. Sarah Maxim 09. Safeguard 99.
Emma A. M. 99. Niaxus 96. Goodman 92
Fourth race, one mile — Witful 111. Toah 110,
Fairbury 110, Alfredo 107, Coruscate 104, Palm
'Fifth race, six furlongs. Belling— Avenger 108.
Louis Kraft 105, J. Relff 100. Instrument 100.
Sheeny 100. Ralph Young 100, Myron Dale 97
General Steward 95.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, selling
Hluemlnt 109, Charlie Thompson 102, Boaeter
102 Ledus 101. Alfred C 101. Compass 101, C.
B Campbell 9fi. Lampoon 95. Lord Melbourne 02.
WORTH SELECTIONS.
ST. LOTJIS SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race— Miss Crawford, Lady
Free Knight, Lord Hennence.
Second race— Mocorito, Avoid, An
nie Max.
Third race— Excentral, Kilo, Check
Morgan.
Fourth race— Kingstelle, Pettijohn,
Aladdin.
Fifth race— Happy Chappy, Mav
< erick, Uranium.
Sixth race— Hegira, Optimo, Boger
Smith.
Third race, five and a half furlongs, 2-year
olds—Pilgrim Girl 1/)1. Sweet Myrtle 100. Deb
bie May 100. nusk'08. Our Llllle 101. Frank
Collins 103, Lucian 104. Haven Run 101 Lady
Thistle lOti. Rhyme and Reason 100. Ingolthrlft
98, Excentral 101, Kilo 106. Check Morgan 100.
Fqurth race, one and an eighth miles, handi
cap, 3-year-olds and up — Klngstelle 93. LeV
Dorsey 8C. Be«sle McCarthey 101, Aladdin 108,
Pettijohn 102, Taby Tosa 103, Jack Young 00.
¦ Fifth race, six furlongs, 3-year-olda and up
Kiss Quick 104.' Happy Chappy 00. D. L. Moore
04, Jlmalong 104, Ethel Durro 104, Santa Ven
tura 0!>, Uranium 102, Eleanor Howard 104
Mimo 69. St. Vitus 99. Shellmont 104, Maverick
09, Will Shelly 107. Jake Weber 105 JMaverlCK
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, 3-year
olds and up. eelling — Larry Wilt 110 Dr Hol
scher 101, Helen Hay 98, Noweta 03 Nettle
Regent 102. Wllhelmina 05. Optimo 102 El
Rey 102, Roger Smith 101", Kings Court 102.
Zella Knight 107, Axares 105. Heglra 100 Var
na Fonso 98, John II 101.
First race, seven furlongs, purse, 2-year-olds
— Colin George 02, Bugler 95, Lord Hermence
05. Miss Crawford 112, Dusty Miller 05, Lady
Free Knight 02, Launay 95.
Second race, six furlongs, all fillies and
mares, 2-year-olds and up— Shipping Port 103,
Temecula 107. Marchioness 103. Crime 103,
Philllda »5, Avoid 103, Alma Davis 05, Centie
103, SI Ah 107. Lady Fonso 95. Zirl 107. Tempt
107. Annie Max 107, Mocorito 107
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 29. — Entries
ST. I/OUIS ENTBEES.
R TT p«
Seattle 2 0 4 0 0 2 2 2 x— 12 l.V 8
San Francisco.... 0 0 110 0 0 3 0— 7 9 6
Batteri«-a — Hughes and Byers: Cutter and
Zearfoss. Umpire — Levy.
' R H P*
Portland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0 3 2
Los Angeles 1 0 0 10 111 0—5 8 5
Batteries — Shields and Shea; Hall and Spies.
Umpire — O'Connell.
SEATTLE. Oct. 20. — San Francisco made a
spurt in the eighth inning, scoring five runs
on hird hitting and on two errors by Janslng,
but Seattle" lead was too long to be overcome.
Jay Hughes was presented with a silk um
brella by the Seattle fans. Score:
PORTLAND IS SHUT OUT.
Team Is Outclassed by Angels at
Every Stage of Game.
PORTLAND.' 29.— Los Angeles had
Portland outclassed at every stage . of the
game to-day. The Portlanders who got on the
bases were killed off before getting: within
fighting distance of the home plate. Los An
geles' errors were mostly miscarried efforts
at fart playing. Shields pitched a poor game,
while Hall was a puzzle to the Webfooters.
Attendance, 2000. Score:
THE SUMMARIES. •
Weather fine; track fast. Summary:
oc ?r Ur 2 nd a half furl °nss. selllng^Lady Uak
OS (L. Spencer) 3 to 1, won; Flea 96 (Hllde
fcrand). 2 to 1, second; Lady Belalre ft«
(Chandler). 7 to 1. third. Time? 63U. El Cor
tera. Inspirator, Cazadero and Private Nolan
also ran.
J , F l ve , furlon * 8 . «elllnsr— Roltaire 112 (Chan
dler), 3 to 5. won; Isabelllta 109 (See). 3 to 1.
second: Ismad 112 (Henderson). 12 to 1, third
Time. 1:02 W. The Toller, Florista, Annie F
Rey del Cella and Minnie R also ran.
Six furlongs. Belling— Fox Lake 82 (Knapn)
8 to 0, won; Our Pride 109 (See), 9 to 1, second-
Ultruda ]07 fJ. Lewis), 4 to 1. third Time'
1 :15. Laureatea, Troy, Myrtle H, Dolly Welt'
hoff and Nona B also ran.
Seven furlongs, selling— Frank Pearca 110
(See), 2 to 1. won; Iras 114 (Kunz), 11 to 5.
second: Adrea, 114 (A. Powell). 6 to 1, third
Time, 1:2S»4. Dr. Worth. Tamm and Prestolus
also ran. -
One mile, selling 1 — Erne 107 (Knapp). 4 to 1
won; Marelio 110 (See). 6 to 5, second; Dug
Martin 08 (Hlldebrand). 6 to 1. third. Time
1:42. Little Secret, Step Around and Position
also ran.
2:17 trot; pur«« |400.
Mamie Elizabeth 1 2 2 1 1
Lady Zombro ........2 1 1 2 2
Lady Gypsy 3 4 dls.
Lady Madison 4 3 3 dr
Time — 2:25, 2:24^4 2:24>4 2:24 2-20
Stolen bases — Hlldebrand, O'Hara. Kruger.
Errors — Graham. Sheehan, Hogan. Three-base
hit — Keefe. Two-base hits— Devereaux, Town
send, Kruger. Sacrifice hit — Kruger. First
base on errors — Oakland 1. Sacramento 1. First
base on called balls — Oft Graham, 5; off Keefe.
1. Left on bases — Oakland 7. Sacramento 4.
Struck out — By Graham. 4; by Keefe, 3. Double
plays — Graham to Messerly;- Devereaux to
Schwartz to Messerly. Time of game — One hour
and forty-five minutes. Umpire — McDonald.
SUMMARY,
The eame was fast and much better
than the talent has been handing, out
during the last few weeks. The Cripples
registered their first tally in the fifth
'round. Devereaux started it with a dou
ble to' the center field fence. The next
two j men did not make good, but Willie
O'Hara shoved one into right and the red
top scampered home. Hogan threw the
ball away at second and O'Hara kept
on going till third was reached. Then
Rockenfield continued the good work by
rapping out one over Egan's head, mak
¦ing the second tally for Peter.
Keefe's triple over third, followed by
Hlldebrand's single brought home the
only- Senatorial tally in the eighth. It
might have been more, only. Kruger got
under McLaughlin's drive out to the left
field fence and therefore cut off a triple.
The Cripples opened up again during their
half of the eighth and batted in "two
more. The score:
Oakland— ¦ . Sacramento—
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P.A.
O"Har, cf 4 1-2 4 0 Casey, 2b 3 0 0 3 3
Hknflld, s 4 0 1 6 4 Hildbd.lf 10 12 0
Murdk. rf 4 0 1 1 0 McLgn.rf 4 O 0 1 0
Shwtz, 2b 3 1 0 3 3 Twnsd.lb 4 0 1 12 1
Krujrer,lf 3 12 1 uEgran, s.. 4 0 0 11
Mesrly.lb 4 0 0 8 2 Shehn,3b 3 0 10 5
Devr-x^b 4 12 0 1 Doyle, cf 4 0 0 2 0
Gorton, c 4 0 1 4 2 Hojran. c 3 0 1 3 1
Graham, p 3 0 11 4 Keefe, p. 3 110 3
Totals.33 4 10 27 16 Totals. 29 1 0 24 14
RUNS AND H1T3 BY INNINGS.
Sacramento ..... 0 0 0 00 0 0 1 0 — 1
Bane hits 0 11001020—5
Oakland ..i 0 0 0 0 2 0 0 2 x— 4
Base hits 00113023 x— 10
9 Mr. Graham and his southern shoots
steered the Cripples to victory again yes
terday afternoon at Recreation Park. In
every Inning the blonde topped left-hander
was the goods and he kept the Senators
away from the rubber till the eighth,
when they managed to squeeze one over
and thus save a shutout. Score, 4 to 1.
Clips a Second From Track
Record Established by
Articulate.
Step Around Jurned out a Fad mistake
as one of the choices in the concluding
mile selling affair. She led for three
quarters of the route and then sent her
regrets. The winner turned up in Erne, a
4 to 1 outsider, which led Marelio, the fa
vorite, over the mark with something to
give away. F. E. MULHOLLAND.
If any account whatever Fox Lake
looked a good 4 to 5 chance for the six
furlong run, next decided. The ring laid 1
8 to 6 about the two-year-old and he
won, but it proved no lay down. Big Bill
Knapp waited on Dollie Welthoff and
Nona B to the stretch, where he picked
up the running, and, in a driving finish,
downed Our Pride half a length. Ultruda
ran third and should have been first.
It looked as If Frank Pearce might have
been the compromise candidate in the
seven furlong selection. He was well
played and won all the way. Iraa, in a
drive, downed Adrea a head for place
honors. Waterbury, astride Dr. "Worth,
made a bad mess of it.
Chandler had the mount on Roltaire in
the flve-f urlong scramble following,' lit
tle Lewis not being considered persuasive
enough. The Texas-bred trick ruled a
3 to 5 favorite, and, leading from the
Jump, was all out at the wire to beat Isa
belllta half a length. Ismad, at 6 to Li
displayed more speed to-day, ending up a
good third.
LOS ANGBUES, Oct. 29.— A threadbare
card, entirely,- f eatureleets, attracted only
an ordlnary-Blzed crowd to the track this
afternoon and 'the betting was dull and
listless. , Roltaire, Fox Lake and Frank
Pearce were th© winning, favorites. Five
heats were necessary to decide the 2:17
trot, which finally went to Mamie Eliza
beth, driven by Walter Maben. Lady
Zombro, the favorite, with two heats to
her credit, lost the fifth and deciding one
by a narrow margin.
Lady Lusk, with L Spencer up, and
Flea, ridden . by Hilderbrand, fought It
out in the first running event, a four and
a half furlong run for two-year-olds.
Flea at first had the footing over the
filly, but she passed him in the run home,
receiving a nose decision.- Lady Belair
was third. El Corteza, from the Baldwin
stable, opened an odds-on choice, re
ceded to even money and ran back in the
ruck. . . ,
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
First race — Duke of Kendal, As
cension, Lord Badge.
Second race — Wotan, nammula,
Eriarth-orpe.
Third race— Thomas entry, Gren
ade, Contusion. . .
Fourth race— Flammula, Sweet
Gretchen, Dimple.
Fifth race— 7-The Guardsman, Cln
clnnntna, All Gold.
Sixth race— Lore Note, Erbe, Din
na Forget.
AQUEDUCT SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
Sixth race,' one mile, maidens — Heir Apparent
107, Ticond»ror» 107/ Sir Troubadour 110, Effi>
107. Dlnna Forget 107. Silver Fir 110,
Trejmn 107. Grantsdale 107, Aminte 107. Senti
nel 107. Squid 107. Nuit Blanche 107, Erbe 107.
Tom Lawson 107, Clover Land 110, Burton 107,
William Pidgeon 110, Margaret Kent 107.
fourth race, six furlongs, Oakdale handicap.
2-year-old* — Kac« King 122, Sweet Gretchen
117. Hick Turpin 113, Dolly Spanker 126, Dim.
pie 105. Monadnock 112. Plammula. 113. Tim
Payne 104.
Firth race, one mile, eelling — Man-o-War 10C,
Drop o' Rye '.•<>, Sentry 106, Nevermore 97, Sir
Roche 102. McWllliatn* 103, Conundrum 108.
Nire Spot 109, Medal 104. Bolina 103. AH Gold
JOH. The Guardsman 94. Oc law aha 83. Ethics
It*. Hot 105, Meisterslnger 111. Paul Clifford
103. Fotente 98. . Clnclnnatus 93. April Shower
tllO. - -
NEW YORK, Oct. 29. — Entries:
Kirst race, seven furlongs, handicap — Duke of
Kfcndal 126. Northern Spy 125, Ascension 117,
lev-water U*. Lord Badge 111, Hello 110, De
murrer 105. Moharlb 94. Mollnos 102. Ostrich 90.
Second race, six furlongs, 2-year-olds — M.
Tbeo 1C7. Piquet 97. Garnish 102. Molinos 110.
iHincan 119. Sliver Foot 102. Wotan 114. Reli
ance 1JO. Hiawatha 102, Klammula 111. Sou
riere 1<>7. Mtneola 107, Jasper 1O3, Ostrich 114,
Brtarthonw 111.
' Third race, one mile, all ag*s — Oarsman 115,
Fuiurita 95. Moharib ftO. Gaviota 102, Grenade
h". Young Henry 115, Duke of Kendal 110, Con
tu»ion 95.
AQUEDUCT ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE— One mile; all ages; selling:
Beitictf. lior*e. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
i« to JO — Orthodox. S#S (Redfern) 4 118
I R to 1— Sonoma Belle. 97 <HIgns).10 7 2 1
CO to 1 — Contend, 115 (Cochrane).. 8 3 3 2
Time, 1:40 2-5. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner. M. L. Hayman's ch. c. by Don d'Oro-
Orttjral. Our N'urget 107, St. Finnan 112. Clon
roel US Namtor 11.". Allan 107, Gorey 110. Ec
lectic 93. H: C. Barnett 112. also ran.
Time. 1 :21 3-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, F. Farrell's b. c. by Gonsalvo-Lilllan
•Belle. Clear the Arena 93. Ancestor 97, Al
conquln 93 Berosa 101, Flag Officer 101, Second
slight 34. Conkiing 104, Grand Vitesse 93, Esher
Leaf 98. Ghats 100, Matamoras 101, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
maiden 2-year-oldF; ftelling:
Belting. Hor?e, Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
4 to 1 — Ohamplain. VKi (O'Brien).. 1111
7 to 1— Reveille. 101 (Redfern) 11 7 2n
32 to 1— Dutiful. 9t> AV. Fischer).. 3.3 3h
Time. 1:53. Start good. Won easily. Wln
nf-r. E. R. Thomas' ch. c. by Hermence-Katy
'of the West. Three etarters.
FOURTH RACE — The Edgemere; one and an
>-'frhih miles; all ages:
Petting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Tin.
• 1 to 7— Hermis. 12(5 (Redfern)... 1114
• « to 1— iv Mcmente, 115 (Burns). 2 2 2 15
jfu. to 1— Warranted. 120 (Mullhld) 3 3 3
THIRD RACE— Five furlonps; handicap; 2
vear-ol is : __
Beulng. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
JO to 1— Harangue. 107 (O'Neill)... 3 a 1 Ui
•2 to 1— Lady Amelia, 120 (Michls) 2 12 1
8 io 1— Crown Prince, 107 (Sailing) 5 4 3 h
. Time. 1:C1. Start fair. Won ridden out.
Winner, J. Bauer's ch.' c. by The Commoner-
Lady Lou. Pol Roger 107, Agnes Brennan 102.
Marjoram 1W. Julia M 107. Adele Treble 92,
.Tom Cod 93, Cynthiaca 98, Ruby Ring 02, Jas
per 95. also ran.
SECOND RACE— One mile; Felling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
js t0 5_AU Gold. 106 (Burns) 13 14
' .15 to 1— Nine Spot. 105 (Wilkersn) 7 « 2 h
SU to 1— Nevermore, «3 U. Jones). 3 6 3 Vk
Time. 1:40 2-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner. W. L. Olivers ch. h. by R»yon d Or-
Me-ry Nelly. Stroller 105, Oclawaha 102, Mon
ograph 110 E. Parham 107, also ran.
Lady Amelia, with 120 pounds up, was
favorite for the two-year-old handicap,
but stopped again, even though, the dis
tance was only five furlongs, and the
rcanary and black" of Arthur Feather
etone was borne to the front by Harangue.
O'Neill in the saddle. Summary:
" FIKfT RACE — Seven furlongs; handicap; 3-
SulT 'Horse, Weight. Jockey. SL % Fin.
¦ 7 to 5— Aliumada, U7 (Hlggins). 4 1 1 6
S4 to 1— IllyriaTHa (Hicks) $525
7 to 1— Girdle. 113 (Redfern) 2 3 3 3
Time. 1.2S1-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner. J. A- Kyle's br. c. by O. W. Johnson-
Floroon. Brigand 110. Muzios US. Rightful
115. Ringdove 110, also ran.
AQUEDUCT, Oct. 29.— Hermis, winner
of the Brighton Cup, attested his versa
tility to-day by winning the Edgemere
stakes at nine furlongs in 1:53. which
.lowered the truck record try one second.
The nine furlones of to-day were run
wi^h only one turn, whereas the previous
holder of the record. Articulate (now
dead), ran his race with two turns, one
of which was very sharp— that at the
paddock end.
At one time to-day Stolen Moments ap
peared to have Hermis coing his best
and the performance of this filly, follow
ing so closely on the heets of her hard
race on Tuesday, reveals that she is a
.g-ocxl one. though very unlucky in several
of her etarts.
Special IMepatch to The Call
Time. 1 :22. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner, W. M. RoKers' b. c. by Florlst-Ka.tie G.
Legation 104. Lady Draper 103. Harry Beck
102, Military 102, General Pric 97, Mr. Phin
lzy 104. Aylmer Bruce 94, The Four Hundred
104, Kitty G 104, Armand 99. Aules 107 and
Crescerton 107 also ran.
SIXTH RACE — Six and a half furlongs,
KUiBf:
Bettlnp. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 2— My Surprise. 105 (Calvlt). 3 113
C to 1— Emma Oliver. 104 (Miller) 7 9 2 2
10 to 1— Mayor Graham,100(Dlxon)ll 13 3 2 !
Time, 1:42. Start poor. Won driving:. Win
ner, W. Mulkey's ch. z* by Dochart-Golden
Slipper. Lady Kent 103, Lev. Dorsey 94, Ray
103 and Crescent City 103 also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Mile, purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1 — Crolx d'Or. 103 (Calvlt)... 4 2 1 n "
•4 to 1— Pettljohn, 100 (Miller).... 7 7 2 1*4
0 to 1— Tuby Tosa. 103 (Austin).. 2 4 3 n
1 to 1— Malster, 103 (Howell) 3 14 1
•Disqualified for foul. »
FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs, handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1 — Glennevis. 98 (Foley)...... f> 7 1 U4
9 to 1— Bridge, 114 (Sheehan) 4 12 4
20 to-1 — Brulare, 96 (Lannon) 8 8 3 n
Time, 1:14. Start good. Won easily. W ln- T
ner, W. Durkee's ch. c. by Tristan-Kentlgerna,
Ed Ball 94, Rose Court S8, Frank Bell 116,
Lady Idrls S3 and Deutechland 113 also ran.
THIRD RACE — Five furlongs, purse:
Betting. Hcrse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 %o 5 — Anne Davis. 100 (Austin). 3 3 1 n.
6 to 1— Ben Adklns. 105 (Mahon). 112 1
10 to 1— Kiowa Chief. 100 (Foley). 6 7 3 6
Time. 1 :02. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, T. P. Hayes' br. f. by Loyalist-Valernlan.
Sanctum 108, Footllght's Favorite 100, Toupee
102. Columbia Girl 105 and Our LUlle 100 also
ran.
SECOXD RACE— One and a sixteenth miles,
celling :
Betting-. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Pierce J. 105 (Foley) 4 6 17
8 to 1— Bengal. 102 (Livingston).. 2 12 1
15 to 1— Export. 90 (Howell) 12 3 1
Time. 1:49'^. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner, Mrs. H. Robjnson's ch. c. by Prince of
Monaco-La Farondelle. Caithness 104, Second
Mate 107. Elle 102. Mynheer 107. Landola 107,
Getchel 98 and Hager L 107 also ran.
Time, 1:16. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, C. P. Kennedy & Co.'s br. I. by Orna
ment-Semper Vlvent. Tom Olney 107, Bugle
Horn 110. Bill Rye 100. Bessie B 107, Bandlllo
110 and Capitol 104 also ran.
FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1— Always Faithful, 100
(Foley) 8 4 In
10 to 1— Amberita, 107 (Austin)... 6 2 2 n
6 to 1— Tower. 100 (Livingston)... 4 13 2
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 29.— Th© only bright
feature of to-day's races at the Fair
Grounds was Foley's riding, the little fel
low landing three winners^ It was mainly
through his efforts that Glennevla won the
slx-furlong sprint. Foley kept him In a
nice place until the field swung wide at
the entrance to the stretch and then
brought the heirs© through on th© rail,
winning handily.
The track was fast, the weather dear
and the attendance large. Summary:
Special Dispatch to Tne Call.
SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 10-Glenrlce, 102 (H.Phillips). 2 3 1 h
0 to 3— Martin. 97 (OHpham). . .. 5 4 23
9 to 5— Christine A. »3 (Wilson).. 11 3 6
Time. 1 :40 3-5. Start strangling. Won driv
ing. Winner. P. Dunne's b. f. by Dr. Rlce-
Glenore. Mary McCafferty 108. Boundary 98.
Courage 98. Jet 98. Begone 98. also ran.
FIFTH RACE — Five furlongs; purse.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 5— Golden Rule,105 (Adklns) 2 2 1 Vi
B to 1— Stemwinder, 90 (Ferrell). 5 4 2 1
12 to 1-U Wagner. 100 (Phillip*). 1 3 3 n
Time 1:00. Start bad. Won driving. Win
ner C ' E Dumell's ch. g. by Golden Garter-
Lucille Murphy. Mayor Johnson 109 Bummer
112. Xeverfret 113, also ran. Scorpio 102 left
at post.
FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
Betting Horse. Weight. Jock*>y. St. % ? - ln
40 to 1— Huzzah. P5 (Mclntyre) . . . 2 S 1 h
15 to 1— St. Tammany. 97 (Davssn) 8 8 2 1
12 to 5— Grand Opera. 115 (Gray). 7 2 3 n
Time, 1:46 1-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner J. Arthur's br. c. by Herrnence-Com
plete. Auditor 9S. Jack Demund 108. Our Bes
sie 104. Lee Stinson 90. Ltttla Boy 9C, Ethylena
102. aleo ran. -
THIRD RACE — One mile; Chicago Ridge
B«Ung. P ' Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. <li Fin.
11 to N— English Lad,125 (Dotnnck) 7 v > 1 p
6 to 1-Shawana. 1.06 (H. Phillips) 5 4 2 2
20 to J— Badger Girl. 98 (J. Booker) 1 1 3 n
Time, 1:40 1-8. Start *ood. Won handily.
Winner. F. Cook's ch. o. by Requital-English
Lady. Flo Bob 114, Edward Hale 95. Glisten
103 ' Dick Bernard 122, Rainland 110, Foresight
10e! Mayor David S. Rose 97, also ran.
SECOND RACE— One mile and a hundred
Betting?* Horse. Weight. Jocfcejr. St. % Fin.
» to 1— Attlla, 104 (Pollak) 6 4 In.
2 to 1— Ivernis, 104 (Wilson) 8 2 2 3
7 to 2— Louisville, 103 (Ferrell) ... 3 3 32
Tim*. 1:46 4-5. Start ccod. Won driving.
Winner, H. T. Griffin's ch. gr. by Knight of
Ellcrslle-Furlano. Nellie Bawn 103. C. B.
Campbell 1<H, Mies Liza 103. Benson Caldwcll
111 Jim Winn 103, also ran.
CHICAGO, Oct. 29.— English Lad, carry
ing 125 pounds, won the Chicago Ridge
handicap at Worth to-day, coverine the
mil© In 1:40 1-5, which, under Buch a
heavy impost, is probably tne best race
run by a two-year-old in America this
year. Shawana was second, two lengths
in front of Badger Girl.
English Lad was last down the back
stretch, but Just before reacning the half
mllo pole he began to move up and fairly
ran over his field. He turned for home
in fifth place; then, under a strong ride
by Domlnlck, forged to the front grad
ually and won going away, with half a
length to spare. Nearly everything in
the race was well backed and it was one
of the best handicaps run at the Worth
track.
The weather wu perfect; the track faat
and the attendance good. Summary:
FIJRST RACE— Six furlongs; purse.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to 5— Formaster. 1U7 (Williams). 7 3 1 %
8- to 6 — King Ellsworth. 107 (Hall) 8 2 2 h
60 to 1 — Ananias. 103 <Davl»son).. 1'. 1 3 n
Time, 1:13 2-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner," Hoots & Hollenbeok's ch. c. by Bru
tus-Forira. Go Betweeu 109. Troean 100. 8ol
dler of Fortune 109, The Hebrew 107, Katie
Powers 100. also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
W. L. Pet. I W. L. Pet.
Ix>s Angreles.m 70 .622 San Fran.. 96 100 .489
Sacramento . 94 94 .SCO Portland .-.. Si 92 .480
Seattle 88 90 .494|Oakland ... 81 114 .415
6TANTHNO OF "piE CLUBS.
Trails to Half-Mile Pole and
Runs Over Field When
Lei Down.
Mamie Elizabeth Takes the
;. Trot After Five Close
Heats.
Kruger's Fast Fielding Robs
McLaughlin of Possible .
Three- Baggar.
Glennevis Takes a Sprint by
Reason of Olever
Handling.
Little Fellow Lands
Three Winners at
St. Louis.
Two- Year-Old With 125
Pounds Up Covers a
Mile in 1:40 1-5.
Senators Get Only One
RunOfi Graham's
Last Year's Champion
Continues Victori
ous Career.
Tame Card Fails to
Arouse Interest in
Los Angeles.
EDGEMERE STAKE
GOES TO HERMIS
JOCKEY FOLEYS
RIDING PLEASES
CRIPPLES PLAY
GOOD BASEBALL
FAVORITES WIN
IN THREE RACES
ENGLISH LAD'S
SPLENDID RUN
SPORTS OF THE RUNNING TURF, PRIZERING AND THE BASEBALL DIAMOND
The 'new Belgian military svstem es
tablished on the basis of voluntary con
scription, has /already proved a failure
Notwithstanding the 'active, effort*, of *he
enlistment committee, but few volunteers
have 'come forward during the last year.
; And the woman, carried away by sheer
admiration for her ,' audacity, gave her a
quarter.— New York Times.
"I'm not so sensitive as some folks "
she said. "I don't mind if people do con
sider me a servant." ,
"When the work was at last finished the
girl braced back and looked at the woman
steadily. '£$%& •
"I think it strange," she . said, "that
self-respecting people who have a good
position should so demean themselves as
to accept, contributions from strangers in
that way.' If the people for whom I work
should offer to tip me every time I drew
an extra breath I should feel insulted. I
should imagine that they considered me
a mere servant."
, Employes in various lines, of business
who are out for tips are not easily in
sulted by chance or premeditated re
marks of the people from whom the tips
necessarily come. One woman who has
had her pocket book drained and her soul
tortured by the insidious but persistent
demands of such attendants had that fact
impressed upon her early In the week.
She was a visitor in an up-town mani
cure* rarlor. She had been. there several
times before, and each time had courage
ously gone away. without paying anything
in excess of the regular taxation/ On the
occasion of her latest visit the girl who
took charge of her hands adroitly intro
duced tipping as an appropriate subject
for conversation. The woman availed
herself of the 'opportunity to express her
sentiments forcibly.
She Was Not Sensitive.
To Test State Militia Law.
EMPORIA. Kans., Oct. 23.— A warrant
was Issued to-night for the arrest of W.
C. Ilette Santa Fe agent at tfiJs place,
charging him with discharging from tne
employ of the road Leigh Petit, a mem
ber of the local Kansas National Guard
company, because he left his work to at
tend the maneuvers at Fort Rlley. Petit
was ordered with his company to the
maneuvers and claims he was told by
Ilette that if he went he could consider
himself discharged. Ilette says he had
decided to dispense with Petlt's services
before he heard of the maneuvers. A test
case will be made of the matter.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 23. — Another change In
the hsad of the local office of the United States
Engineers' Department has been ordered by the
Government. Major J. H. Wlilard, who cam*
here last June to saccesd Captain Edgar Jad
wln. has been ordered to Newport. It. I., and
Charles H. McKlnrtry. lately stationed at th«
Washington Barracks. Is to be placed In ehargo
here.
Mr. Roath says that since 1SS3, when
he retired from active life, he has travel
ed over much of the continent. His home
has been in the summers in Norwich and
in the winters in Chicago and In a sani
tarium in Michigan. — N. Y. Commercial.
Like that character of fiction, Mr.
Roath has been found to be fond of giv
ing Bound, homely advice.
"JLet me give you one piece of advice.
young man," he said to a caller. "Don't
invest in anything you can't eat. People
must eat always, but in hard times they
doii't put up big buildings, and they don't
buy any luxuries. .Don't borrow money.
I know a man who was worth $6,000,000.
He wasn't satisfied and borrowed as much
more to be used in speculation. In the
panic of 1573 that man was Just wiped
out.
"I have saved money every year of my
life since I began working here in a gen
eral store for $6 a month," the old man
said, in a brief review of his business
career. "A young man, to succeed, must
do that. Then I put the little I had saved
out at interest."
He told how he commenced life in Chi
cago in 1S33.
"It is true I had exceptional opportun
ities. Chicago, when I went there, had
SOOO people, and now it has 2,000,000. But
opportunities are to be found anywhere,
and at the present time."
-Many eccentricities of the old man are
told. It is known that he would haggle
with a hackman in Norwich, and would
refuse to pay more than a quarter for a
ride. In his trips to other cities, which
he has visited often in the years of his
leisure, he always put up at the dollar a
day hotels and quarreled with bootblacks
and barbers if he thought they over
charged him.
That the cash will be thrown away no
one in Norwich expects. The relatives are
frugal and industrious, and have never
been dependents, as they have never been
spendthrifts. They, in common with the
other residents of the New England city,
have not yet recovered from the shock
given them by the sudden revelation of
the true character of Mr. Roath. All
his life he was regarded as a close, im
penetrable money getter. No one knows
how to take him now. He is David
Harum outdone, they say, and they can
not venture any further. -
"I got it all fixed." he chuckled to him
self, discussing the matter, "and then I
sprung it on them. Now I'll wait around
and see what they do with it. Yes, I
gave it to them without a single reser
vation. They can throw it away if they
want to. I'll Just wait and see."
Stories are still coming from Norwich.
Conn., of the ways of Stephen B. Roath
of Chicago, who last week distributed
$1,000,000 among his relatives. Mr. Roath's
personality has been the subject of many
character sketches, and there is much
speculation as to what use the recipients
of his gifts will make of their money.
Mr. Roath is depicted as sitting on the
porch of the home of his sister, Mrs. Ma
thilda Randall, enjoying the prospect of
seeing how his relatives, formerly poor,
be*have themselves in their new affluence.
Hitherto Regarded as a Close-Fisted
Money-Getter Gives Away a
Fortune.
ECCENTRIC CONDUCT
OF NORWICH TVrrTTJONATRE
Seiger ran up some ten pounds in weight
during the let up in hfs training. This
must all come off. so he has settled down
to his work again in earnest.
It is claimed Jeffries woald beat down
Johnson's guard quickly and would soon
nave him at his mercy. Although John
son beat McVey the boxing men believe
the latter would give the champion a
harder argument than would Johnson.
The Yosemlte Club officials will pull
all th« wires in an attempt to secure the
leading heavy-weights for a championship
bout early in the new year.
George Gardner has secured Harry
Foley as a sparring partner and has
settled down to hard training at a Marln
County resort. Fitzsimmona Is training
at Croll's gardens. Alameda. but he has
been unable to secure a boxing partner
Sam Berjjer is anxious to be restored to
amateur standing and will not jeopardize
his chances by assisting Fltz-immona
Jimmy Britt is back at Croll's. His in
jured foot is not giving h:m any trouble.
Britt's recent training has all tended
toward the development of speed in box
ing, which seems a mistake, as it is hi3
hitting power upon which he must rely
for victory. It Is the man with the punch
who has been bringing home the money
in the recent fights.
The Colma Athletic Club is first in the
fle-ld for a match between Jeffries and
Jack Johnson. It can go any number of
rounds. An offer has been made of a
CO.OOO purse or 73 per cent of the gate
receipts. The new pavilion of the club
will seat 5000 people and the managers
estimate an average price of $10 per head.
of the boxing experts figure that
Johnson has a chance against JeKrles al
though they all concede he is a careful
boxer, who never takes a chance. Host
or the men of his race are witling. to let
well enough alone. If they obtain a lea.l
they do not rush In and risk receiving a
wild swing, but take matters easy, being
sure of the outcome.
Colma Club Is Out With an Offer to
Jeffries and Johnson.
SEEK TO MATCH BIG BOXEBS.
Open stake— 80 entries — Trotting Bob vs.
Onward Maud; Lulu Girl vs. Flora Temple;
Advance Guard vs. Maid of Oowrie; Lord Uoff
vs. Jlmmle Anthony: Lost Girl vs. Klttleman;
Master Claire vs. Katy Belle; Star Sylvanus
vs. Fre« Born; Roy Hughie vs. Shadow; In
truder vs. Doreen; Miss Wilson vs. Braw"s
Hill; White Stockings vs. Idleness; Redwood
Lad vs. Our Myra; Lord Granard vs. Golden
Rule; Tom Bayers vs. Agitator; King Death
vs. Irvlngton Tralee; Romeo vs. J E H; Con
cord Boy vs. Daylight; Roxana vs. Dorothy
M; Black Flush vs. Helen Hayes; Thunder
Mountain vs. Real Duchess; Linda Vista vs.
Master Washington; Nora Hill vs. Belfast:
Go On vs. Margueritte; Ragtime vs. Queen's
Motto; Little Lucy vs. Lady Chlqulta; Gold
Lily vs. Topey Turvey; Glaucus vs. Cremo:
Mike Rice vs. Good Decision; Yellow tall vs.
False Alarm; Firm Fellow vs. Honor Bright;
Morning Glory vs. Pacing Billy; General de
Wet vs. Van Noye; Bonnie Hughle vs. Odd
Eyes; Wattles vs. Mount Ida; Little Sister
vs. Tobasco Bob; Progresso vs. Tom Hurllck;
Lady Plnta vs. Paplnta; Beauty Gold vs. Or
slna; Comique vs. Pretty Face; Homer Boy
vs., Tyrone Prince.
Schmitz cup stake— 32 entries— .Piker vs.
Little Mercy; Doc Burns vs. Yankee Boy; Pep
per Jack vs. Toronto: Young America vs. Lit
tle Plunder: Reta S vs. Mount Rose; Sofala
vs. Royal Friend; Young Fearless vs. Clobe
fell; McHenry vs. Lady Menlo; Conroy vs.
Rock and Rye; Cloverdale vs. Pure Pearl;
Flora Belle vs. Full Moon; Slskiyou vs. Don
Pedro; Haddlngton vs. Wedgewood; Lily
Wright vs. Colored Lady; Snapper Garrison vs.
Commercial Traveler; Yukon Bob R.
Th© cup presented by Mayor Schmitz
to the San Francisco Coursing Club will
be competed for by thirty- two greyhound
on Sunday at Ingleside Coursing Park.
In addition to the cup the first prize will
be $100. The meeting will commence on
Saturday, when the first round of an
eighty-dog open ' stake and half of the
second round will be run. The draw
at Pythian CasUe last night resulted as
follows:
ANACONDA. Mont. Oct. 23.-Aurella
Herrera. the lightweight pugilist, to-night
knocked out Eddie Santry of Chicago la
the thirteenth round of what was to have
been a twenty-round go.
Herrera was the favorite In the bet
ting during the first five rounds, when
Santry's backers offered odds on their
man. with few takers. Santry had all tha
best of the fight up to the last round,
breaking through the Mexican's peculiar
guard as no other fighter has been able
to do. Santry fprced the fighting through
out and was plainly Herrera's superior in
science, but seemed unable to deliver a
knockout blow. While mixing it flercely
ln the thirteenth round Santry received a
terrific short-arm Jolt behind the ear and
went down and out.
End of the Fight Comes Un
expectedly Daring a
Fierce Rally.
Eighty Dcg Open Event Will
Oompiete the Card
This Week.
Thirty-Two Entries for
Cup Stake at Ingle
side Park.
Chicago Boxar Receives
His Quietus in the
Thirteenth.
MAYOR'S TROPHY
FOR GREYHOUNDS
HERRERA STOPS
EDDIE SANTRY
THE SAN FB^NCISCO CAIili, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1903.
A man who takes a drink of Old Kirk
"Whisky is sure to vote right. •-
VICTORIA* B. C*. Oct.' 20.— A* S.* Goodeve
Proxinclal placed his , resignation in
the. hands of Premier McBride to-day. He was
defeated at. the recent elections, w"hen> he con
«»«t Wl Pfwulinit. oxul h*a h*ld offla* i»'""^i^
WniT OF ATTACHMENT.— A ,writ of at
tachment In the sum of $1730 was served yes
terday .on M. B. Mlhran, a dealer In rugs at
205 Post street, at the instance of T. II. Kul-
PARIS, v Oct. : 29.— Tommy Hall 1$ to-day
broke r the : cycling, record for, one hour^ by
covering 54, miles and; 533 yards/ The pre
vious "record, . 52 miles and , 918 yards, was
made October^ 18,byr M. Dangla, - ' .^: r
Tommy Hall Breaks Cycling Record.
DENVER. Oct. 29.— Barney Oldfield this
afternoon lowered his own world's records
forifiverten and fifteen miles at the Over
land Park track with j his j Gordon (Bennett
eight-cylinder :•* 120-hdrsepower -'.;,, machine.
His j new records made ¦ to-day for ¦. the ' dis
tances named ; are A :45,"-; 9 :34% J and : 14 :24#.
His former I records were .'4:51. 9:45 and
14:35. , ¦ . • ,,- ¦ -'•":.-¦ ¦
Lowers Three World's" Records.
PI,UNGES FKOM WINDOW.— Julius John
son met ' death at i an s early hour yesterday
morning by falling '. out of , a window - at CIS
Jeesie Ftr«et. lie was picked up by a i.awer-
1 1 y and I taken to the Emergency Hospital, but
too late to save his life. . - v . . .
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Fairly Sparkling In Beer Goodness"
OO D cl U DGE5 .
OF BEER, DECLARE
Blatz Reer
¦
Superior from all points ot
riavr; Pon««lasr absolute pur* !
ity, proper mg» and Hones* !
riavor. Adapted to all tastas ;
¦ according: to Brtw end Brand.
npoaT wnaix phitatz stocx huescieier
Ask for "BLATZ" at Club or Bar.
YAL BLATZ BREWING CO., MILWAUKEE
Braunschweiger & Go.,' me;
5 and 7 DRU.VM ST., San Francisco,
Trt. Mala 1046. Wholesale Dealer*.
J visit DR. JORDAN'S great rf
JHUSEUH OF ANATOMY?
0 (|& i*3JHA2xxr37.*t.fcii7'.i,3.r.:i2. a
\ C# ,^ Th * MfT"' A»»temic«l Mmeua in tb* \
O dfri World. "Mkosiiti or u« contn.-trrl A
o jnssi «»«*>« Co iu. e»lj6,wT^ c
6 QZlSfh DR - JCROAN-DISEASES OF MEN t
\ r€$*5B Con«a!t»aoa free and ttrictly print* \
9 I $74 U II",™^. 1 P*"°~"'y «» b r Inter. A A
9 r 3 ¦ \\v m, y l^ e JvJ^' '¦"••"•"iT.fi
A IX II »»»•»«>•« book for mm) ««• f A J
V DIS. JORDAN* CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F V
j^^&lB MENANOWQMEJf.
<&SSkrVVUTiiymi Cie Big O for nnnatnrU
gSSBr !¦ i «o * iajvYJI discharges. inflammation*.
&*&Sf G»«»at«4 lrriUUooi or nlc«ratioai
Rt*J ?•* *• ""•«"•¦ of ma co a s meabriDN.
VnA eiNSiRNATi,a.^ra s«id k 7 Dnnuu,
HBHbW £•»•*? jmST or Mnt ia f ula """*•*•
"? •xpre**. prepaid, tor
VlSr fflH&^fl •! OO. or » bottles W.7S.
•"^^¦•^* Circular i«Bt oa rtquM*.Mrfc- Clara FoU*. attorney and coonac&or. haa
ccved to it^U bid*.. M floor; «ntr*ac« na. 2.*
MELBOURNE. VtctorU, Ort. 23.— Alind
i*>»kir.. th* nrw Frtml Prim. Mjclner. in
tnaocrete* the Klniatertai policy to a matins
at B*Il*r*t to-lay. Hid th£- h? wm ,mSj3
to . r*cirrorat» th* proposaj* f>t~3ct*sh Cham
berlain concyrelar tfce Brttiah £*cal policy.
SALONICA. Oct. S.-Purther email
fight* are reported to have taken place In
Maceicnla. Tie Turkish troops were vic
torious in tverx case. Chief Dontcho and
twelve men w*re killed in the district of
Zeres and another insurgent chief was
captured la the N'evrokox> district.
Turks Defeat Macedonians.
Attorney Is Burned to Death-
; FP v O.-KFORT. Ky.. Oct. Attorney
William H. Julien, one of the best-known
tax lawyers in Kentucky, was burned to
death at midnight in hi* ofSee. It Is not
known how the fire originated, but It Is
presumed Julien stumbled and fell Into
the open fireplace, before which the
brxly *a« found. He was seen on the
Btre€t 'within ten minute* of the discov
ery of the fire.
Wreck cf Schooner Disappears
•VICTORIA. B. C. Oct. ».— The wreck
rt the four-masted schooner Wosipe
Brothers cf San Francisco, which was
driven on Bcnilla Point on Vancouver
Isiand coast en Tuesday night broke up
I onlay and sew not a vestige Is to be
seen. The schrcner first broke In two
parts, the after end . foundering in deep
water. The forward end was broken to
kindling wood by the pounding of the
breaker*.
Investigation shows that tha. explosive
is not being rtolen from contractors en
*ocal work and In ail probability is being
trought into the city from the outside
ty the nsen who are engaged In distribut
ing It. Since October IS twenty-nine
sticks- have beea found secreted in four
<Sin*erent places and two explosions, of at
least one stick each, have occurred within
that time.
SEATTLE, Oct. 25.— The police have
been working all day en the dynamite
packages found ready to set off in the
fcasenest cf the interurban depot yester
<!ay afternocn. So far no arrests have
been made.
POLICE STILL SEARCH
. FOB THE DYNA2OTEES
YOKOHAMA, Oq*. 29.— A collision oc
curred in a fog to-day off Hakodate,
Japan, between the Russian Yushen
Kalsha Company's Progress and the
Tokal-Maru. The latter sank. Of the 100
passengers and crew on board the Tokai-
Maru only fifty-six were saved.
Scores Perish in Crash
of Vessels Off Coast
of Japan.
STEAMSHIP SINKS
AFTER COLLISION
The new conductor comes from a mu
sical family. His grandfather and his
father were both talented musicians and
composers and two of his brothers
are distinguished musicians. Another
brother is a high Government official and
a wonderful linguist.
Chiaffarelli Is liked by the members of
the band because of his quiet, unassum
ing manner. He is very much wrapped
up in bis work and is a great student.
He Is also a composer of rare ability and
one of bis compositions will be played by
the band in 'this city.- He is possessed
of great talent as a musician and can
play nearly every musical instrument.
CHIAFFARELLI, the new leader
of the famous Royal Italian
Band, soon to be heard in this
city, is said to Be one of the
most modest of leaders, and his
style is entirely different from that of a
great many of the famous conductors
now before the public He has made a
good impression in every city where the
band has played and the public of this
city will surely be charmed with his
style.
The unfinished tieadgear is now ready ;
for the pressing room, where It Is put un- ;
der pressure on machines, which process
gives Jt an even finish. In the • pressing '
room there are twelve hydraulic presses
and twenty-six steam presses. Hats that j
require a smooth, finish are placed under j
hydraulic presses, and when the rough ef- I
fects are wanted the hats are placed un- '
der the eteam machines. The work cf j
blocking and pressing Is all done by men.
The metal dies or patterns used in the
blocking and pressing, are also made j In
the molding or block shop in the base
ment.
The next step is to give the hats a light
coat of varnish to brighten them. The I
hats are then wired and lined. After this I
Is done, and if the factory is not going to j
put on trimmings, they are ready for the
market— for the milliners. However, this
factory does Its own millinery work . on
many of the hats, so the, headgear to be
thus treated is sent to the trimming de
partment, where tailor-made effects : are
added— that Is. the decorations of . silks,
quills, cords, «tc— Washington Star.
From this department the hats go to
the sizing room, where they are stiffened
with a preparation of glue. They then go
to the hat room, where they are dried
out. While the hats are In the chapes of
the style desired, they must pas3 through
several other stages of preparation before
they obtain a perfect and lasting shape.
For Instance, in the blocking room they
must be blocked on blocks that are heat
ed by steam or gas.
FINISHING TIP.
The sewing machines In use are not the
ordinary kind, but are more complicated
and costly. Each runs iOOO revolutions a
minute, a stitch to every revolution, and
the stitches are a good Imitation of the
hand-made stitch.
From the dyeing department the braid
ed straw is taken to the stockroom.
where It is stored In large boxes and riles
awaiting use as needed. The next step in
hat making Is to sew the straw togrther
into the shapes desired. This work is
dene in the sewing department, an im
mense room la which 20") or more women
preside at as many sewing machines.
They also do much of the finer work by
hand sewing. The straw is sewed Into
the shape desired by patterning the hat
after blocks of plaster cf parts made into
the form of the style desired. These
blocks are made in the molding depart
ment in the basement of the building. In
cidentally It should be stated that the
styles for women's hats nearly all come
from. Paris.
SEWED BY HAND.
The Cleveland factory does a great deal*
of this Importing itself and buys also ;
from the big importers In New York. For •
the ppring hats over 100 different styles ]
of braids are used. The braided straw ;
comes In Ira natural color, and the first
step in the process of • manufacture Is f
when it Is sent to the dyeing department, \
where It Is colored black, white, brown j
cr whatever color Is desired.
As far back as last October this factory
began to make spring and eummer hats
for women and the work of turning out
such hats will continue until next June.
Then in July the work of making hats
for fall and winter wear will be begun,
and will continue until the following Oc
tober. All kinds of hats are made, straw,
felt. b«aver, plush and velvet.
The braided cr plaited straw from which
the hats are made Is Imported . from
Japan. Italy, Switzerland, France* and
Germany la the shape of long and nar
row 6trips an inch or more wide. The
most of this material comes from Japan,
for the Japanese have made great strides
in making excellent braids of straw. The
straw cf Japan is of fine quality, durable,
clean and bright and cf light weight. The
chip braids made from trees also come
from Japan.
Then, too, tne fact that each hat while
in the process of manufacture passes
through many hands. Including the vulgar
hands cf men, and is glued, varnished,
steamed, blocked and subjected to treat
ment at many machines, is not nice to
think about. But the plain truth Is that
all women's hats are machine made, and
the majority of them are even fully
trimmed, ready for wear, in the factory.
To supply the feminine demani for
headgear many big factories in this coun
try are in operation all the time and give
employment to many thousands of women
and men. One of the largest of such fac
tories in the country is located in Cleve
land. Its output is from 400 to 500 dozen
finished hats per day during the busy sea
son of eight months in the year.
SWITCHING THE SEASONS.
Few women kne-w how their hats are
made. The majority of the sex. when in
the millinery store selecting a new hat,
probably unconsciously think that the
beautiful hats that they see there are the
particular creations of that store, and lit
tle realise that all these hats — at least
their bodies — are factory made. \ No doubt
the feminine mind would rather not know
this, for it does seem kind of plebeian and
vulgar to think that such pretty head
gear is factory made, that the hats are
made bv machinery and hand work com
bined.
New Conductor of-Italian
Band Is a Talented
Musician.
Advic** from New York state that
nether Comptroller Tilbm nor Secretary
Triable of the United States Steel Cor
poration win fiiscuss the removal of their
Pa cine Coast agent.
J- h * r « te*rd that there is a raroer Usat my
a-«*:*tasx. E. A. B#rr.a.rd. te to be placed in
r^arsr- of the Pacific Coa« besiseac. but eo
a- as I k=<rw tfc:* is ret confirmed.
E**be will be succeeded tr fcl» assirtart
H. A. WIIbco. who has fceea In the Ban Fraal
<¦.**> diem fcr teas* Unws. B«.eke«, the gea
•ral sa!»» -a**«. will arrtv* next week. I un
*.-rtra.T.<\. %zO. cntfl he arrfre* there win b«
K* to the reorrta that th»re ha» been any
t-v*if.« 1= th« P±C.*c Coast ©See. or that a-T
ex=«Tt tta tsnat ccrtlal r*Iattcr.s exit b^
r« «*n the (Odtfl cf the cocapasy aad myielf.
! '••¦- to ray that tbey are absclBtely tala*
;• General Manager Innoa was seen at his
••hrn-.f at 177 Santa Rosa avenue in Oak
. btp4 last night and when asked if he had
reigned Us position with the American
$iec : l and Wire Company, said:
, '• It l» trot that I hare sent my reeljrrati^n
¦<o -The OTEFiST, *ed it la aJso true tiat th«
chiKi "accountant has r»rijm«i. I hare be»n
•<t the he*<i cf the Part2c Co**t tranch c£ t-.e
AEieric&a EXmI ts.£ Wire Cocpany fur a m»
_t*r cf years, and eo fax as I know cy rcia
•tica» • with th« cctztzlht have alwt y» b**a
tro«t eordiaL My action nj prompted ty
pui»'y buslr.en motive*, and there was no
;roufci« whatever; la fact the officials cf the
r.-jnpa.r.y were very anxlcua that I shocld re
<-^r*i<!«T tz.t act'.s-i and remain la lay present
ptmttint.
'. I.ka rti!I la charge cf th« burners and win
¦r»ri*in *¦;. cntil the arrival of Frank Backcs
th* tn*r*l sal** ajr»=t <rf th« cottpaay. Who
rrr -tecaiior «-£J fc* I <jo net aa yet ksow
ISSIOX'S STATEJCEirr.
jigrted' tha: changes were In contempla
tion, bit profess-d absolute Ignorance of
Whit these might be. As to the facts
!*>ga.rding the causes that led to a re
orinwrzation rf the big concern none of
would talk, although it was evident
<rcn th«ir manner that they were hold
ing some secret.
. AI*. cf the leading men at the works
w,ere evidently prepared fcr the change,
although they were surprised that the
tnatter had become public. E. H. Bern
ird, who is assistant manager, admitted
fi«. change and at first hinted that he
ti;as- a temporary successor. Afterward
ho •' declared tfcat he did net know who
Ihe'.r.ew manager might be. He Eum
*mcne<3 the new accountant and some of
t£e heids cf the department, all of whom
• : FOBCED TO SESIG2T.
•, That arrangement has evidently cot
'pncB satisfactory to the governing
•J.<?}fers :and Manager Isoon has recently
r—r. notified to fcrsrard his resignation.
,F.e^b« has been discharged unconditlon
.aUy. -'although It is stated at the works
i-hsx _h£s tiaine will be carried on the pay
4 iils« until the end of the month.
•:.• Cijiscldest with, fcia dismissal is the
c-scijarge cf H. W. Beeb*. chief account
ant fcr thm corporation, who retired from.
•- :.e. ccHipary's er^loy three cr four days
tjro. . His retirement was asked for. His
pjjsltiea Is being tenpcr&rtly filled by H.
A. Wl^en. who heretofore has acted as
:-.":s head assistant.
The retir e =ie=X cf l^noa'and the dla
rharg* cf his chief accoustas.t are the re
f-jlt. cf- Investigations niafie secretly by
7.4Kera agents of the steel corporation.
The directors cf the corporation which
c ~tro!s the destinies oT the Araertcan Ste<l
i£lZ Wire Company concluded on their
recent visit that not ruffident income was
"ccrsisg In. from the plant to account for
tbm volume cf business dene on this coast.
\Yiea they renamed to New York they
recodmended a change cf management.
The" recommendation was rewarded by a
' dlvlslsii. in which the operating depart
rhect cf the concern was segregated from,
ihe sales department and Mr. Ismon was
. Relegated to take charge of the sales de
partment. One cf his subordinates was
substituted to manage the operating de
jirtment.
...Gecrge H. I«~cr., who for years has
&ci*& a» bead cf the American Steel and
v>.r« Corfjarj-. whlcii Is the representa-
thU ccast cf the United States
Steel -Ccrpcritics, has been notified that
tk win b«. relieved frosa duty on January
Z-r-ifrn Say His Withdrawal la
. .Forced by Eastern Bepresenta
. tives cf Corporation, but
This Ee Denies.
MAKING O F HATS
IN THIS COUNTRY
NEW YORK, Oct. S.-Mrs. Albert T.
-Sire died very suddenly at her home. 22
Weat Fifty-ninth street, this morning' at
I S:» o'clock. Her husband Is a well known
I lawyer and real estate dealer who has
been associated with some Important the
1 atrtcal enterprises. It was given out at
the house that Mrs. Slre'o death was due
to heart failure, and that she had been
Eufferlrg from heart disease for six
months. All further Information was per
emptorily refused.
It Is said that Mrs. Sire attended the
Knickerbocker Theater last evening with
her husband. Tttis the relatives of the
dead woman refuse either to affirm or
; deny, and theralso refused to say wheth
er Mrs. Eire had been attended by a phy
sician. She had a nurse in attendance
constantly fcr some time preceding her
death.
Up to a late hour to-night the Coro
ner's office had received no Official noti
fication of Mrs. Sire's death.
The funeral will be held on Sunday
morning at 3 o'clock at Evergreen Ceme
tery, Elizabeth. N. J.
Mrs. Sire was about 23 years cf age.
She was Miss Beatrice Cook, a noted belle
cf San Francisco and the daughter of a
wealthy Importer, from whom she inher
ited a large fortune. She was at one time
famous for the extent of her private char
ities and was identified with many benev
olent associations.
Special Dispatch to Tb« CWL
George H. Ismon Resigns His
Position With Impor
tant Institution.
me night shirt, in the first place, isn't
a garment that Is adapted to the pur
poses of men who have to hop Into and
out of the swinging sleeping bags that
are called hammocks. It is no slouch of
a job to grab a-hold o f a pair of hammock
hooks and pull yourself about five feet
from the deck of a ship Into one of these
swaying and closely hung hammocks,
and ma.iy's the lubber that has had to
stand for hard jolts and black and blue
spots for weeks after the beginning of his
first cruise aboard a man-o'-war owing
to the difilculties in the way of "turning
In" neatly and cleverly for the novlc**.
And climbing Into a ship's hammock 13
a stunt that would be enormously com
plicated, if not virtually impossible, even
for the old-time, deep-water, heavy
weather man, with the night shirt to
hamper the free and unconfined move
ments of the legs.
In the second place the bluejackets have
got to be ready, when they turn into
their hammocks, to stand for all sorts of
ship's calls and alarms , during their
sleeping hours— fire quarters, all hands to
quarters, all hands abandon ship, arm
and away, repel boarders, clear ship for
action and a score of other games that
are being constantly sprung upon them.
day and night, by exceedingly conscien
tious executive officers for drill purposes.
And what an Idiotically diverting epec
tacle a ship's company, say of 3Q0 or
more fiatfeet. would make of it if. the
call to fire quarters suddenly sounding
In the middFe of the night, they hopped
out of their hammocks and then had to
proceed to shed their night shirts before
Naval oflJcers and navy men in general
are having a lot of fun over that "news'"
paragraph which was sent all over tie
country a short time ago to the effect
that the Navy Department has it in con
templation to "substitute pajamas for
night shirts" for the use of the enlisted
men In the* United States navy.
The nub of their fun Is the night shirt
end of the story. Except for. a joke, no
enlisted man in the navy ever did, and it
is virtually a 100 to 1 proposition that no
enlisted man in the^ navy ever will, wear
such a highly domestic and home-like gar
ment as a night shirt. The bluejackets
sleep In their underclothing. The fiatfoot
in our navy who would break a night
shirt out of his dittybag or locker and
put It on before sliding into his hammock
would become the laughing stock of his
whole ship's company, and. in due course
of time, when word of the thing got
around among the fleets, of the whole
navy, from Tangiers to Tahiti.
The Oregon was out ninety days from
Newcastle and brought .2000 tons of coal
for the local trade. A French bark was
passed in latitude 37.59 north. longitude
130 west, but her signals could not be de
ciphered.
SAIXOBS LAT7GH AT
IDEA OF PAJAMAS
"We had calms and light winds
throughout the passage and nothing out
of the ordinary occurred until September
12, when we were in latitude 15.43 south,
longitude 152.06 west. There was a moder
ate breeze from the north when the sin
gular phenomenon occurred two miles
astern of the ship. The water was rush
ing and foaming up to an astonishing
height. It crossed the -wake of the ship
and we could see" the water rushing up
to the clouds in a spiral column- about
six feet in diameter.. At the base it looked
like heavy breakers about a mile around.
It finally disappeared to the westward.
If it had passed over the ship it would
have torn the masts and yards out of her
and finally swamped the vessel. It was
seen by all of the hands."
It is regarded as providential by the of
ficers and crew of the bark Oregon, which
arrived here yesterday afternoon with a
cargo of coal from Newcastle. N. S. W.,
that the vessel and all hands are not now
resting -in the unfathomed depths of the
Pacific. The vessel, while in latitude 15.43
south, longitude 152.06 west, on September
12, narrowly missed a colossal waterspout,
which, according to the master's report,
was of such gigantic proportions that the
pinnacle, like Jack's famous beanstalk,
was lost to sight in the clouds.
Captain F. O. Parker's narrative of the
wondrous affair Is as follows:
The jackles turn Into their hammocks in
their Government-straight navy blue un
derwear, and when they're prodded out
of their hammocks, on sudden ship's calls
or on sudden calls to watch, all they've
got to do is to slip on their bell-bottoms
and their shoes — an operation requiring
about forty seconds — and there they are!
Nightshirts or pajamas for the sinewy,
slam-bar.g. salt water rangers of Uncle
Samuel's fleet of frigates? Ask them.'—
Washington Star.
jumping into their uniforms in crder to
report in proper cniform. rig at their fire
stations!
Then, agaig? It would be something
highly hilarious to see an old shellback
of thirty years' service, a man who had
been up and down in the world in men-o'
war ever since the days of his apprentice
ship, crawling out of his hammock In a
nightshirt when poked awake and notified
that It was time for him to> prepare to
stand watch, alow or aloft! The very
suggestion of such a thing would make a
sailorman attached to Uncle Sam's line
of packets shake to the center of his mld
• riff with laughter.
Nor Is there the slightest probability
that the bluejackets of the United States
navy will ever wear pajamas, either.
Even if the pajamas are dished out to
the flatfeet by the paymaster's jack-cf
tfae-dust. that won't make the sailors
wear the things. The pajamas would
have to be doffed by all hands at a sud
den call to quarters In the middle of the
night, or when the regular watches were
turned out of the swinging bags, and
when a man-o'-war's man gets piped out
of his hammock he hasn't got any time
to slide out of a cute little suit of pa- ¦
jamas, roll them up and stow them in
dittybag or locker. By the time he got
through with such an operation as that
he would unquestionably be yanked to
the mast by the master at arms and hot
footed into the ship's brig or punished,
at any rate., with extra duty, for dilatort
ness.
WOODLAND, Oct. 2}.-Lorin A. Weis
was brought into court this mornin? on
a cot. Ihe strain had been too much for
him. Wednesday night after the ad
journment of court he suffered from ner
vous collapse and physicians were jrilh
him long into the night. His condition
this morning was improved, though he
will probably have to testify hi his oarn
behalf from his Improvised bed In tlie
courtroom. Judge Gaddis favored post
poning the trial, but Weis* attorneys in
sisted on proceeding, saying that delay
would not help matters.
The defense Dut en more character wit
nesses during the forenoon and several
others to prove that Hodge and Mrs.
Weis were seen often together after ttc
separatio at dances and different places,
all of which testimony went in over the
D.strict Attorney's objection that a
proper foundation had not been laid, it
not having 1 been shown that the circum
stances were communicated to the defend
ant and therefore could not have acted
to dethrone his reason. The court a - 1
lowed the testimony with the m understar.J
ing that the defense must show it has
been communicated to the defendant
The defense closed during the afternccn
session and the prosecution commenced
rebuttal testimony, all of which was con
tradictory to the defense theory and the
plea of Insanity. Most of the testimony
of the defense during the afternoon was
as to the defendant's mental condition.
several witnesses testifying that his fam
ily troubles weighed heavily upon him
and affected his mind. C. R. Wets, a
brother, testified that the defendant had
a severe spell at his home early this
year and again in the County Jail cince
his incarceration. During these «peils,
the witness said, the defendant changed
from a death-Hke stupor into a wild
frenzy, it requiring great strength to
control him. Jacob Weis, the fathsr of
the man on trial, testified as to a conver
sation he had with his son In which the
latter told of a last appeal made to his
wife for her return to him. The witness
said that on that occasion Mrs. Wei3
confessed herself unworthy of her hus
band, adding that he would be Justified
in shooting her.
When Senator Arthur Pue Gorman was
at the Fifth-avenue Hotel. New York,
just before sailing for Europe recently a
newspaper man, presuming upon long ac
quaintance, pressed the political sphinx
insistently for an interview. "Can't do it.
my boy." replied the Senator. "Politicians,
you know, are like children." "How so?"
•They should be seen and not heard." And
the Senator resumed his promenade up
and down the hotel corridor.
A marriage lottery has been organized
by the Bachelor Club of Derby, Conn.
Once a year the twenty-five members will
draw lots and the one receiving a black
ticket must marry within the year. The
penalty for failure is the forfeiture of 150.
which each of the members has already
deposited with the treasurer, expulsion
from the club and a loss of all money paid
the club's Insurance department. Those
who abide by the drawing will receive $200
for wedding exp«nses. The club has been
organized . fifteen years and.no . member
has ever married.
One of the bright clerks In the office of
a firm of bankers and brokers In Wall
etreet, which Is known the country over,
transacted a. business matter In a way
which highly delighted one of the mem
bers of the firm. *"Get the finest overcoat
In town," said the broker, gleefully, "and
send the bill to us." In a few days the
clerk appeared in a beautiful fur-lined
coat. - "Fine coat— fine,", remarked the
broker, as' he contemplated first the gar
ment and then a bill for $1300. "Why
didn't you have oil paintings on the but
tons?"—New York Post.
There are several young premiers In va
rious parts of the British Empire, but
the latest Is the youngest of all. He is R.
McBride. the new Premier of British Co
lumbia, who was .born in New.Westmin
ster, the original capital of that.West
ern Canadian prorlnce.! thirty- three years
S-go. He went to; the other end • of ; the
Dominion for his * education, as • he is a
graduate of DalhousSe University.: Hall
fax. In 1S92 he was called to the bar ; of
British Columbia, and six ! years later he
entered the Parliament ' of > the - province
of , which he Is now Prime Minister, . so
that his term of political preparation for
the premiership. was less than five years.
ITEMS OF INTF-REST.
The solos of Franko, the concert meis
ter, occasioned a regular furor. He was
obliged to substitute for the set opening
number the "Air Russe," by Wleniowskl.
which with variations brought out an ex
hibition of remarkable technique and also
showed the artistic side of Franko. To
satisfy the audience he was compelled to
play the "Prize Song" from the "Meis
tersinger," and the Moskowski "Sere
nata." Franko also played an obligato to
the "Prelude du Deluge" very cleverly.
When all the other entertainments in
the city were out the Duss orchestra was
still playing and -the audience was ener
getically applauding. This, considering
that an orchestral concert was the at
traction, tells the full story of success.
This afternoon Nordica and Franko and
the orchestra will be heard.
The soloists were Mrs. Katherine Fisk
and Franko. Mrs. Fisk's first song was
an aria by Saint-Saens from "Samson
and Delilah." This took so well that two
other songs followed as encore pieces,
not ambitious in scope, but excellently
adapted to fall easily within Mrs. Fisk's
register and to give scope to sympathetic
expression and daintiness- Later she
tang "A Summer Night." Dy Goring
Thomas. More was demanded *oy the mu
sically greedy audience, and Mrs. Fisk
made her best success of the evening by
giving the old ballad "My Love Js Like a
Red, Red Rose." Mrs. Fisk is greatly
successful as a ballad singer. Once Paul
Mlersch' played a violoncello obligato for
her. At the piano was E. Romayne Sim
mons.
plied by Franko; the "Indian Dance" al
ready mentioned and the "William Tell"
overture and some other pieces as en
cores. "William Tell," as explained by
the accommodating Conductor Duss, was
inserted by request. Whoever proffered
the request made no mistake, for the
overture went off all right, tinged with
all the colors that Its scope admit of. The
orchestral work was good all the even-
Ing, splendidly so in an accompaniment
to a violin solo by Franko. If it was not
always an ardent appeal to the emotions
it was always scholarly and technically
perfect, sane and completely balanced.
MBS. FISK POPULAB.
The "Rienzl" overture led the way
auspiciously. Then followed the sym
phonic po*?m, "Don Juan." by Richard
Strauss. This is not a composition to
awaken very de«p emotion, but it ,Js the
work of a virtuoso and has tonal variety
and grace of movement that, with clever
orchestration, entitled It to the rapt at
tention that it received. The other or
chestral numbers were the "Dream Pan
tomime," by Humperdinck. melodious and
reflectively treated; the "Rhapsodie Hon
groise No. 2"; the "Prelude du Deluge,"
by Salnt-Saens, with violin obligato sup-
MUSIC THAT WON.
The certainty that every player would
follow the baton; that every orchestral
tone would be pure and unmixed; that,
in a word, every individual man and the
woman who maniculated the harp would
play artistically, with perfect regard and
respect for ensemble, made It only a
question of selection In deciding what the
audience would like.
The particular thing about the Duss
orchestral concert In the Alhambra last
evening was that It was' completely tip
to-date. Nothing on the programme an
tedated the "Rienzf* overture by Wag
ner.' Salnt-Saena was represented In the
prepared musical offerings twice; Rich
ard Wagner twice; Humperdinck, Rich
ard Strauss, Goring Thomas and Waller
once each. The name of Waller may not
at once attract the full apprehension of
the reader, but he figures as the com
poser of the "Dance of the Sunfeast,"
a humorons, semi-musical tone picture
of a pow-wow of American Indians of
some indeflnltely indicated trlb«. With
the encores, chronologically the selections
harked as far back as the affluent time
when Rossini was scribbling scores with
the facility of a reporter writing hurry
up copy. Liszt was on the programme
once, his representative number being
the eccentric *'Rhar>sodie Mongrolse No.
2." that has done yeoman duty for a
generation or so with preliminary mock
and the most raggy of all
ragtimes syncopating the drums and
some other . instruments amazingly to
their too notch speed later on.
When the fact is mentioned that all the
music was essentially modern the next
statement due is that the orchestra
cohered as solidly and scintillated as
certainly as a block of ice. That is not
to say that it was cold— far from that;
but that it had an unmistakable oneness
and sympathetic glitter that ran all the
gamut from the concert meister and his
singing violin down to the nethermost
depths of the double bass and the bell
mouthed tuba, taking in. on the way, the
trumpets that cut the air as keenly as a
razor, on occasion.
Captain Parker Gives Vivid
Description of Raging
Storm.
Testimony Given to Prove
That Man on Trial
Was Insane.
Relatives, by Suppression of
Facts, Make Mystery of
Her Demise.
Large Concern Decides
. on Change of Man
: agement.
Pisk and Franko Win Laurels
by Their Excellent
Solo Work.
Bark Oregon Has Thrill
ing Experience in
South Seas.
Lbrin Weis Is Carried
Before a Judge at
Woodland.
Holds Audience When
All Other Perform
ances Are Closed.
Former San Francisco
Belle Passes Away
- in New York.
ATTENDS COURT
UPON HIS COT
NEARLY WRECKED
BY WATERSPOUT
STEEL TRUST
TIRES OF ITS
LOCAL HEAD
MRS. A. T. SIRE
DIES SUDDENLY
MILDNESS
WINS HIM
ADMIRERS
DUSS ORCHESTRA
IS SUCCESSFUL
THE SAN FBANCISCO OAIiIi,; FRIDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1903,
HEW CONDUCTOR OF CHAX
NING ELXJERT'S FAMOUS
ITALIAN BAND.
11
HimyadiJanos
ZF^jS natural
TfJ cSvL LAXATIVE
ACsSgLd MY NAME IS NOT
£^jfSr^£ HUNYADI ONLY,
S$S HUHYAQUaNOS,
R^SyC^"^ THE ORIGINAL.
KfT\ „ ONLY GENUINE
! " \\ WATER. J
Is Always Reliable for
eONSTlPATION
Rheumatism
Eri*!ir» i: *t as-*, brick «aa? «spc«lt. b*d-
wettiss. gravel. drcs«y, dUbetes. jj
Cured with
One Bottle /
h McBurney's /W* fvnB
f Kidney and fe) *W
I Bladder Cure jr* r ;
Sates. Express pre- * -^W -^P^
paid $1 50. S»nd 23c to W. T. itcBar-
ner for fiv« day** tr«ataieBt.
SI S. Sprtr* «t.. Lea Anjstea. ScU
by drusslatj. I
><^^V V' m ' V'Sor- Vitality for Matt
4#5T^^^ M0RJ4O.N' BISHOP'S PHoJ
fc£*_IS{\ hav- b<^= ta Ua « over er:>-
I m&ixirgfSak >'**" *>V the !ead»r» c£ th*
fciKi£rV}l5£j fjliowert. Positively <-»-« .~ a i
; Kreft-jIxiB *«"t cases is old aad youa<
i iSk^cA SSf mr1si =5 frcm ¦ «ffect» of aetf-
WBKfu'w abuae. dissipation, eicesnot cr
WmS*f£d9 cigarette »mok!aar. CUr» Lr.t
«tegkjf Manfc ci. Ixsootency. I>o«
""¦^7 Power. XUht Leases Iasotr.-
cia. Faiss In Back. EvU Dealrea. Lair.e Back.
Nerrou* Debility. Headache. CaStaes* to Mar-
ry. Leas of Semes. <_ -^ Vartcocele or Cca-
•lipatiaa. Stop Xer *5 fl vous Twltchtnx of
KT*Mm. Effect* inuaedute. fcnrait
i rljcr and potency **f» * ¦=*!(> every function.
I Don't get de9j:ao<»«it. a cure is «t hand. Re-
! store small, aadeveicued otxarta. Stisi3la-»
! ttse brain aai nerve centera: 3Oc a box: « for
* J Z-> by man. A written jcuaractee to car* or
money refundM with « box*3. CIrctUar* Ire«.
' Address BISHOP ROIEDT CO.. 40 E11U «.
I Fan KrancUco. Cal. GRJLNT DRUG CO. ii
I as.l 40 Third at. • . ¦ - ,
"DT5TTCIJI7C FOR BAKBER3. BA-
I »-.rewers. bcek&taderm, eandy-rr;ak«ra. eaaiwra,
dyer». Ccur tr.:::». touadriea. laandrie*. pi;«r-
haastrs. prtntan. paisten. sho« facton*a>
ttat.'essea tar-roofer*. ta=Jwra> tailora. «t&
BTTCXA2TAS BSOS,
Brass Manufacturers, 603 Sacraiarato 3X.
POLITIC AT. CASDS.
Mayor
HENRY J. CROCKER
Republican
H M f I I I Ml B IB
JFor Public Administrator!
William E. Lutz
For- Tax Collector
Edward Jt .
SMITH
(ZNCU3IB£NT.)
Regular Republican Nominee
'For Assessor :'
' Democratic Nflfflinpi.
For Sheriff
Henry H, Lynch
Rebublican Nominee
For Sheriff
Peter J. Curtis
Cfcairmaa Street Coiazltte« o£ rr— tat Bacp*
of 8U.W 1 liar*.
Democratic Nominee '¦
. Inloa Labor Party Nomto*
A Tl V KRTTSyTVrKTrrS, \v.*-FLEET OF SAILING VESSELS
THAT ARRIVED IN PORT
LAST NIGIJT.
Movements of Steamers.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Oct 29— Stmr Nomadic,
for Portland. ...
NEW YOFK— Sailed . Oct 29— Stmr La Lor
raine,. for Havre; stmr Neckar,' for Bremen.
GIBRALTAR— Passed Oct 29— Stmr New
York, for Alfflers, Nanles, etc. . ;
LONDON — Arrived Oct 2» — Stmr Cambrian,
from ( Boston; stmr Minnesota, from Phila
delphia. ' -..-.•¦ . , '
QUEBNSTOTVN- Eailed Oct 29^-Stmr West
ernlard, from Liverpool, for Philadelphia; stmr
Majestic, from Liverpool, for New York. . ». %
COLON— Arrived ' Oct 27— Stmr Yucatan,
from New York. '• . •
Oct 27 — Stmr Alllanca, for New York.
DEAL— Passed Oct 28— Br ship' County of
Kinross, from Antwerp,: for San Francisco.
SYDN1SY— Arrived . Oct 27— Schr Henry K
Hall, from Puget Sound.
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived Oct 27— Schr
Eric, from Puget j Sound. •.
ENSENADA — failed Oct 28— Stmr Curacao,
for • San Francisco.
CAPE HENRY— Passed Oct 28— Ship Aryan,
from -Baltimore,' _for San Francisco.
' i FOREIGN/PORTS.
EASTERN PORT.
for San Francisco; bark Diamond Head, for
Port Townsend. ; .
Arrived Oct 29 — Stmr Siberia, hence Oct 23,
for Hongkong.' ' • • - • •
FRIDAY, OCTOBER 30.
The Supervisors' Street Committee yes
terday reported in favor of. referring 'to
the Finance Committee the petition of
the Southern Heights Improvement Club
that a fire engine house be erected on
Twentieth street, near Missouri, together
with the^ necessary apparatus,, with the
recommendation that an .appropriation
for the purpose be made in next year's
budsec.
The committee rescinded ¦ the resolution
granting a permit to J. H. McKay to
maintain a boiler on Clement street, near
Fifteenth avenue, in response to a pro
test of the Point Lobos Improvement
Club,
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places. '
BETTER FIRE PROTECTION.
The committee again postponed action
on the petition of the Western Paciflc
Company for a franchise along Sixteenth
street, from Kansas to the water front. :
The committee thereupon notified Gray
Bros, that in future if they exploded any
more blasts on Telegraph Hill without
making application for a permit it would
rtcommend the passage of -an- ordinance
prohibiting rock crushing and quarrying
in that locality.- George Gray said that
if removing rock is quarrying It would
prevent building operations, as it would
be impossible to grade property.
- The Santa Fe and Southern . Paciflc
companies were notified to appear at
next Thursday's meeting to answer the
complaint of the City Front Federation
as to the alleged impassable condition of
Sixteenth street, between Kentucky ajid
Illinois, owing to constant 'traffic on
fourteen tracks. .
The Supervisors' Street Committee yes
terday concluded the investigation Into
the alleged violation of the 'ordinance pro
hibiting blasting by Gray .Bros, on ¦ Tel
egraph .Hill. A number of property own
ers repeated their previous evidence that
blasting had been done oh September 28
and October 8. They claimed that. Gray
Bros, had broken faith with the Board of
Supervisors, as they had promised not, to
blast on Telegraph Hill In return for be
ing permitted /to operate their rock crush
ing machine.
Gray Bros, contended that they had
kept their promise and had not exploded
blasts on the hill. They had a contract
to grade property on Lombard street in
preparation for the foundation of the
Merchants' " Ice Company building. Ed
Roman, foreman for Gray Bros., admitted
that he had exploded some powder to
break boulders loose. ' •
Supervisors' Street Committee Noti
fies Gray Bros, to Cease Alleged
Violation of Ordinance.'
MUST STOP BLASTING
ON TELEGRAPH HILL
The ordinance will be redrafted in or
der to encompass its sole design to let
the public know if a preservative is U3ed
in foods. Its provisions will therefore not
apply to medicines or other compounds
to cure disease.
D'Ancona agrees with the < . druggists
who characterized the ordinance "as ob
noxious, inasmuch as* it would '" compel
them, to divulge the secrets; of. the trad 1 '*.
A committee of druggist3 urged "Mayor
Schmitz to veto the ordinance, but this
will not be necessary, in view of the fact
that the Board of Supervisors ' will re
scind its action in passing' the ordinance
to print.
Supervisor D'Ancona, chairman of the
Health and Hospital Committee of tfie
Board of Supervisors, sent' a communica
tion to Mayor Schmitz yesterday request
ing: him to withhold his signature irom
the ordinance requiring the names of the
ingredients of all foods intended for. hu
man consumption to be placed on the
package containing them, in order that
the board may withdraw the ordinance
and repeal its passage.
D'Ancona stated', in his communication
that the ordinance was introduced
through a misunderstanding and was not
designed to compel manufacturers of pct
ent and other medicine? to print ' the
formulae of the compounds on the pack
age. The only Intent of. the . ordinance
was to require the name of any preserva
tive used in foods to be nut on the labels.
D'Ancona Asks Mayor l to
Withhold Signature Un
til Next Monday.
Supervisors tOK Repeal
Obnoxious Labeling
Ordinance.
DRUGGISTS NEED
NOT BE ALARMED
Sun rises ...I.'........ ...6:32
Sun sets \ 5:li
Moon sets '.'.....0:56 a. . m.
O JTimel |Tlme| • |TimeI - |Time|
* f { Ft. I 1 Ft. 1 Ft. I 1 Ft.
J> |L W| )H W] L, Wl 1H W|
30 0:42 1.21 7:47 • CO 1:48 2.3 7:42 4.2
81 1:35 1.3 8:25 6.2 2:30 1.8 8:37 4.3
1 2:15 1.41 8:56 S.2 3:0fl 1.4 9:26 4.5
2 2:54 l.«l 9:2S 5.4 3:45 0.9 10:17 4.7
3 3:31 1.8! 9:56 R5 4:15 0.4 11:C5 4.8
4 4:10 2.0|10:25 6.6 4:52 —0.1 11:54 4.9
NOTE — In the above exposition; of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive ¦ tides of the
day in the order of occurrence «ts to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tides of the !
day, except when there are but . three tides, as 1
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the foundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the .height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth- given -by
the charts. The plane of reference is th« mean
of the lower low watera,' ¦¦ ¦•:•:..
TOf eshire's Bate Advanced.
Th« \H« o/.reinsurance on the Flfeshlre was
advanced yesterday to 20 per cent.. .,
The French bark^Vugbt.' previously reported
in collision at Hamburg, bad . some : of her
plates bent and headgear and figurehead dam
aged. She was run into by a Government 'ves
sel. K
Trugot Badly Damag-ed.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's Coptic.' which sails Saturday, for
the Orient, will take nearly a hundred cabin
passengers. Among them will be a number of
tourists and many missionaries.' *
Many Passengers for Coptic.
. When the Government let the contract to the
Union Iron Works for the crulaer Tacoma a
number of similar vessels were ordered from
Eastern builders. Several of' these others have
been completed and all have fallen short by
from a half to one knot of the contract speed.
On her builder's trial held In this harbor on
Wednesday the Tacoma -made nearly half a
knot better than, the contract called, for.: and
In view of the other failures the local people
have additional cause for rejoicing.
Tacoma the Fastest of All.
The ferry boat Terba Buena yesterday car
ried away her steering gear shortly after leav
ing her slip at the other side. Forward and
after rudders were disabled and It was with
great difficulty that the boat by using, her
twin screws worked her way back. to the slip":
The rudders were both damaged and the ferry
boat was hauled up on Boole's marine ways for
repairs. The new ferry boats have set a new
pace In trans-bay travel, making the . trip
from slip to slip within twelve minutes.
Yerba Buena Breaks Down.
A round dozen of sailing vessels from all
parts of the world appeared off the heads yes
terday morning, and as the day wore on one
by one they eailed or were towed In through
the Golden Gate. Most of them reached Quar
antine too late to pass the doctor, but the
knowledge " that they were so doso at hand
kept custom-house officials and the standing
army of runners on the qul vlve until a late
hour. Among the vessels were the following:
British ship Monkbams. 159 days from Liver
pool; British ehlp Ancalos, 89 days from New
castle. Australia; bark Sonoma, 75 days from
Sydney; French bark Genevieve Mollnos, 139
days from Hull: British ship Hutton Hall, 65
days from Newcastle, Australia; British ship
Clan Galbralth, 125 days from Cardiff; bark
W. B. Flint, 19 days from Kahulani; schooner
Una, from Panama; French schooner Papeete
from Tahiti: British chip Galgate. 58 days
from Newcastle, Australia; bark Oregon, from
Newcastle. Australia, and schooner H. C.
Wright from Mahukona.
Large Fleet of .Windjammers.
To Australia — I1.6S1 cs canned salmon 116
half bWis pickled salmon. .18,910 lbs codfish
41,322 lbs 1 cs hops. &J00 lbs raisins 22 250
lbs dried fruit. 87 cm canned goods, 3651 pkgs
fresh fruits. 1116 lbs mrals, 4 csks bottled
beer. C7S3 lbs coffe*. COO lbs shrimps 8 bales
broom corn. 17 t'kgs rubber goods. S cs drugs.
B cs millwork. 115 cs boots and chocs, "0 coils
rope, 5 bales leather. U bdls sVins, 84 cs soap
J40 pkjts metal polish. 1550 doors 17 rolls
newspaper. 11 cs corsets, 32 : cs typewriters
JS pkgs agricultural Implementp. 18 bale* hose'
25 pkgs machinery and prp#, 20 kegs acid 44
cs paints, 250 kegs white lead. 40 Mis shin-
Kleis. - O bale* overalls. - 83 pkgs bicycles and
r-artF. 2313 lbs lead traps.
To South Africa — 400 cs canned fruit 4S00
lb« piston metal.
To Noumea— 4i00.lt* codfish. 2S cs canned
goods 1 half bbl pickled salmon.
To Fiji Islands — 135 cs canned calmon, 8 c*
assorted canned goods. 15 cru onions. 2 ca
bread. 175 lbs dried, fruit.
To New Zealand— 07.188 lbs dried fruit. 123 -
036 Ibg raisin*. 15C0 pkgs freeh fruits 6585 lb«
hops, 3450 lbs meals. 3342 cs canned salmon
2622 cs assorted canned goods 4360 lbs cod
fish. 75 crts onions. 100 gals wine, 3 cs bread
4 c« «heese, 63 pkgs machinery, 23 pkga drugs
B bdls oars. 142 cs boots and shoes 94 pkgn
bicycles and sundries. 52 bales brooms. 153
pkgs metal polish. 25 cs chewing gum 16 pkgs
electrical supplies. 4000 ft lumber 10 kegs
acid, 11 pkgs dry goods. 7 cs corsets 3S pkgs
cgrictiltural implements. 1 cs firearms 21**
pigs lead. 2 automobiles. 1 locomobile il.263
lh* sheet lead. 100 rolls newspaper 7 cs cigar
ette*.
To Samoan Islands— 73 bbls flour 472 ca 23
pkgs salmon. 44 cs canned goods 424 lbs
bread. 27 gals wine. 1600 lbs meals' 39 ckgs
potatoes. S pkgs cnions. 714 lbs nuts, 667 lbs
<5ried fruit. 200 lb« raisins. 35 pkgs fresh fruit.
167 pkge groceries and provisions 413 lbs
lard. 2400 lbs rice, 10.203 ft lumber 4 pkgs
drugs and eunflries, 7 pkgs bicycles and parts
6 c« arms and ammunition. 447 pkgs naval
stores. 6 pkgs dry goods. 3 cs boots and shoes
1 keg* nails. 6 cs turpentine.
To Honolulu— 500 bbls flour 2076 pkgs fresh
fruit. 1«3 pkgs fresh vegetables. 120 pkgs on
ions. 065 pkgs potatoes. 11 cs dressed poultry,
4503 lbs fresh meat. 10.750 lbs sugar 4765 lbs
beans, 750 lbs peas. 1500 lbs salt. # 1125 lbs
nute. 275 c« canned goods. 55 cs eggs 5400 lbs
butter. 1269 lbs 4 cs cheese, 642 lbs seed 231
X>kg» groceries and provisions 2600 lbs 3* bxs
ralEins. 2330 lbs dried fruit 460 lbs dried fl«h
21 c* mineral water. 400 lbs tea. 3 cs honey
610 lbs 14 « spice*. 462 lbs ham, 5C5 lbs
bread. 200 lbs codfish. 1700 lbs 12 cs meals 7
pkga electrical supplies. 17 cs arms and am
munition. 24 bars steel. 121 bars 30 bdls Iron
4 pkgs acid. 4 cs boots and shoes. 55 pkgs dry
good*. 3 pkgs leather. 137 bdls paper 2 pkgs
machinery, 8 cs fuse. 7 c» oysters, 10 cs nalle
10 pkg» paint*. 4 rkgs agricultural Imple
ments.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Sierra
nailed yesterday for Sydney via Honolulu,
Pago Pago and Auckland with a general mer
chandise cargo valued at $258,515, and dis
tributed ag follows: For Honolulu, $2S722"
B*moan Islands $10.0eS: New Zealand $94 -
174; Australia, $122,56fi; South Africa. "$2320;
Noumea. $143; Fiji Islands, $476- Raratonca,
$34 ; Fanning Inland. $12. The ' leading ex
ports were ae follows:
Exports by the Paciflc Liner.
An additional manifest was filed at the Cus
tom-house yesterday for the steamer Nevadan.
which called on Tuesday for Honolulu and
Kahului. The manifest was valued at* $23,557
and included the following: 5250 lbs meals
9397 lbs candy, 120 bdl« ehooks l«02 bxs soap
20 cs turpentine 95 pkgs paints. 42 pkgs nails'
€1 pkgs dry Roods, 113 bxs solder, 8 bdls oars,*
& cs boots and shoe*. . r > ce drugs and medicines
134 cs canned gooda, 9 pkgs machinery. 47,040
lt>s rice. 3 coops chickens, 205 hogs 12 mules
and 1 cow.
Additional Cargo.
In addition to the foregoing the steamer car
ried 2*,000 lbs dried fruit, valued et $1287, en
route to Winnipeg. Canada.
The eteamer Queen sailed on Wednesday for
•\ ictor.a with an assorted merchandise cargo
consigned to the port of destination and the
principal British Columbian ports valued at
$17,104 and including the following": €S.S53 lbs
dried fruit. 35.5M Ibe 79 pkgs - raisins 914
¦Ikgt fresh fruits. 124 pkgs fresh vegetables
4«x> lbs malt. 1045 lbs shrimps 457 gals wine
10:>5 bxs paste, 256 lbs coffee. 55s lbs butter.
11 pkgs groceries and provisions 10 pkgs on
ions. 25S lbs meals. 120 lbs nuts', S27 lbs leaf
tobacco. 143 cs lime Juice. 46 cs canned goods,
'2:510 lbs sheet lead. 15 drums acid. 1 pkg m»
.ohlnery. 31 cs arms and ammunition. 27 pkgs
fittings. 1 fifk quicksilver 14^ bdls pipe 4
pkgs dry goods. 1 cs hats. 200 tins matches' 15
bbls oil. 38 pkga machinery. 42 pkgs iron 2
cs steel.
Merchandise for the North.
The French bark La Rochejaquelin was
cleared yesterday for Queenstown for orders,
with £7.241 ctls barley, valued at fes.700 and
UGi2 ctls wheat, valued at $13,700. The" ves
sel also carried 24,000 ft lumber as dunnage
valued at *3<S0.
Shipments of Grain.
The British bark West Lothian, now at this
. jjort, proceeds to Puget Sound to load lumber
..ior Iquique.
. The French ship Jules Gommes, which ar
rived en Wednesday, was chartered prior to
arrival for wheat to Europe at 20e.
The British ships Chlltoaford and Lauricton
are- chartered for wheat from Tacoma to Eu
roz>t «t ie« 3d.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
I7EV7S OF THE OCEAN.
For Auckland— A. C. Atkta. Mrs. Atkln,
R B Beals. Mrs. Beals and child. Lieutenant
Colonel H. Burton. W. Campbell. Mrs. Camp
bell Miss A M. Clouston, Mre. H. D. Ellis,
J. Frame. Rev. J. Golden, C. A. La Roche,
Mrs La Roche, G. J. McKay, Mre. M. M.
Mytton. W. E. Redt-tone, Mrs. Redstone, Mrs.
W. E. Rice. E. E. Stark, Mise C. P. Thomas.
For Sydney — Frank Abbott, F. Albert, Mrs.
Albert, Master Albert, H. C. L. Anderson,
A. J Barnes. S. G. Black, Mrs. Black, C.
Blakeley, Mm. Blakeley, C. B. Camm, J. A.
Cochrane, Mrs. Cochrane, P. Duffy. A. W.
Fltzpatrick. Mrs. Fitzpatrick. J. Frame, W.
J. Hanna. A. G. Hooper, Mrs. Hooper and
child F. G. Ingram, C. F. Lyons, Colonel Mc-
Gillvray. B. K. Miller Jr.. Mrs. W. B. Orr.
Cunllffe Owen. Mr*. Owen. Mies Owen, Lieu
tenant L. D. Philliw. Miss L. Skene. A. C.
Stepney, E. A. Strout. R. Hardy Topham, Mrs.
Topham, Miss J. M. C. Walker, Percy Wax
man.
Join at Honolulu, for Sydney — M. B. Curtis,
J. M. Fuller, Geoffrey B. Grubb, Reginald C.
Grubb. E. H. Parrish. C. D. Sherman.
heavy cargo and more than 200
passengers. She left the Wharf promptly
at 2 o'clock. A large crowd thronged the
dock and for an hour or so Pacific street
wharf resembled the scene of a fashion
able social function. .
Among the Honolulu passengers was C.
T. Wilder, formerly Consul for Hawaii
at this port He has been for more than
a year engaged In business In the north.
He has disnosed of his interests there,
however, and is now going back to Hono
lulu to reside permanently. The army of
ficials constituting the hoard detailed to
design plans for the improvement of the
post at Honolulu sailed on the Sierra.
Among the passengers for Australian
and New Zealand ports were many promi
nent colonials.
The passengers Included the following
named:
For Honolulu— S. Albers. C. H. Atherton.
B. R. Banning:. Major W- E. Blrkheimer, Mrs.
Birkhtimer. Sister L. Braro. C. A.. Brown.
Mrs. Erown, 6. Burton. Miss E. Deiretau. Dr.
A J. Derby. Miss F. D«sky. W. G. Dusln
txirs. R. Enrel. Mlai M. Fennell. J. S C.
Fraser. Mre. Fraser. Mrs W. M. Giflard. Miss
M. Henklmus. Allan Herbert, Mrs Theo.
Hoffman. Mr». M. Holden. A. H. Irving, R.
M. lsenbenc, Mrs. A. Jaeger. Miss J.^ Jaeger,
T K Jame«, G. Kunfit. Sister U Labroue,
Mits E. L,. Ladd, J. M. Levy. F. S. Lyman.
H. C. Marsales, J. S. McCandless, Dr. J. T.
McDonald, Colonel A. McKeniie, Gordon Mc-
I>an. Mrs. McLean, A. T. Mlleo, Major H. B.
Moon, R A. C. Mytton. Captain G. W. Reed,
Mrs. R. B. Reedy, Mrs. C. J. Rittenhouse,
Mre M. F. Rittenhouse, S. B. Rose, Mrs.
Otto Schmidt, Mr*. E. B. Scovllle, C. H.
Smith, H. F. StirP. Mrs. Stlpp. Mrs. T. T.
Strain and child. Mrs. W. W. Thatcher. Miss
E. Thatcher. O. G. Traphaten.' H. E. Waity.
John Waterhouse, Mrs. Waterhouse, two chil
dren and maid: "W. H. \Vilburn, C. T. Wilder,
Mrs. Wilder and child. Miss I. H. Woods.
Alex. Young. £j
For Pago Pago— Mrs. W. C. Buih. T. B.
Clark. Miss Roma Paxton.
THE Oceanic Steamship Compajiy's
liner Sierra, Captain H. C. Houd
lette. sailed yesterday for Hono
lulu and the Antipodes with a
. Andrew Mctzinger, the "trusty" who
made such a thrilling escape from the
City Prison last week and was captured
l»y Policemen Connors and Larkin early
"Wednesday morning at Stockton and
gutter, streets, appeared before Police
Judge Fritz yesterday on a chargo of
Violating section 107 of the Penal Code,
makes it a misdemeanor for a pris
oner to escape from a penal institution
other than a State's prison, lie pleaded
guilty and was ordered to appear for sen
tence this morning. He was sentenced on
October 6 by Judge Mogan to six months
on each of two charges of petty larceny
•and will probably have another six
months added by Judge Fritz.
Metzinger Pleads Guilty.
' Many of California's stage lines are in
dependent and 'would suffer if the Rail
road Commissioners exercised control over
them. A large number of the lines are in
a. combination, however, and experience
has demonstrated that where corporations
are of considerable size it is not detri
¦mental to them to be controlled by a
State board.
At present county and town authorities
handle the work which the State board
desires to assume. Attorney General
"Webb has not yet taken the matter un
der consideration, but expects to get ! to
it within a week or two.
The law on the subject Is somewhat in
definite. The Beard of Railroad Commis
sioners is. empowered to regulate tariffs
on State transportation lines. Stages in
the country occupy a position correspond
ing to that of the railroads in the more
thickly populated districts. Hence it is
argued that the board has a right to is
sue its mandates to the stage companies.
The corporations have not yet learned
that the Commissioners are preparing for
an attack, but legal battles may be ex
pected if the board attempts to carry out
its plans. If Attorney General Webb de
cides that the commission Is legally jus
tified in assuming jurisdiction over the
etage lines, the State officials will lmme
diatf-ly take action accordingly.
The State Beard of Railroad Commli
eioners is attempting to secure jurisdic
tion over ail the stage lines In California,
•A move to this end was made recently by
requesting an opinion on the subject from
Attorney General Wetib. The question
has never before been raised.
The commission cites constitutional pro
vjslons tending to show that its position
is correct. The various stage lines of the
State are valued at hundreds of thousands
of dollars.
Important Matter Referred
to State Attorney
General.
Bailroad Commission Is
Preparing for a
Battle.
Oceanic Steamship Company- s Liner \ Sails for Austra
lia, Leaving Promptly on Schedule Time, and Tak-
ing a Large Cargo of Valuable General Merchandise
SEEKS CONTROL
OF STAGE LINES
CROWDED WITH PASSENGSRS
SIERRA TAKES DEPARTURE
? TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. . . , From. , . . I Due.
Curacao...... Mexican ' Ports ....... .|Oct. 30
Eureka Humboldt ...|Oct. 30
San Mateo. . . . Tacoma ............... Oct T 30
Centennial.... Seattle A; Tacoma, ..... Oct. 30
Phoenix Mendocino Oct. 30
Acer. Maru.. China & Japan..... jOct. 3*.
Ban Pedro... San Pedro |Oct. 31
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Oct. 31
W. H. Kruger Humboldt ...Oct. 31
Nebraskan... Honolulu & Kahului.... Nov. 1
C< rtua. ...... Humboldt. .....Nov. 1
Rair.'er Seattle &¦ Whatcom. Nov. 1
O. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria Nov. 1
State nt.Cal. .. San .Diego- Sz Way Ports Nov. 2 |
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Nov. 2
Olympic...... San Pedro Nov. 2
S.Barbara... Seattle & Olympia..". . . Nov. 3
Centralla Orays Harbor ....|Nov. 3
Alameda..... .Honolulu . ....:..... INov. 3
Ump.tllla Puget Sound Ports .iNov. :t '
ChehaUs Ban Pedro :.-.:. .. .....|Nov. 3
Portland Nome . via Seattle. . . . . . (Nov., 4
Pomona; ....." Humboldt,'..' ...INov.' 4
Coronado. .. .. San- Pedro .......|Nov. 4
S. Monica Grays Harbor INov. 1 4
K:in Juan New York via' Panama. INov. 4
Santa Rosa . .'. San ' Diego & Way Ports Nov. 5
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Nov. 5
J. Dollar..... Seattle & Tacoma Nov. 5
Newburg Grays Harbor ;...Nov. 5
Rival ........ "Wlllapa Harbor '. . Nov. 8
Arcata.. Coos Bay & PortOrford Nov. 6
Ccoc Bay SRn Pedro & Way Ports Nov. 6
Columbia Portland & Astoria.... Nov. -6
North Fork... Humboldt Nov. 6
Queen Puget Sound Ports .... . Nov.' S
Sonoma Sydney t Way Ports.. Nov. ft
TO' SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. ., | Sails. Pier.
October 3O. ~ "~*
Montara.... Seattle .& Tacoma: 12 m Pier ft
Arctic....;. Humboldt. ........ •* pm Pier 10
Califcrnian. New. York ¦ direct.. ..,-... Pier 2a
Columbia... Astoiia & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Chlco Coquille River..... 6 pm Pier 2
October HI. -
"W.H.Kruger Los Angeles' Ports. 1 pm Pier 2
.San Pedro.. Humboldt ......; ..I 4 pm|Pler 2
Eureka..... Humboldt ......... T9 amJPler 13
Pomona.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 0
Pt. Arena... Point Arena .:...; 4 pm Pier ' 2
Coptic...... China &' Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Acapulco... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
N. Fork. . . . Humboldt .... ,5 pm Pier 2
G. Lindauer. Astoria & Portland. 5 pm Pier 2S
Czarina..... Coos Bay direct.... 12 m Pier 8
. ' November 1. ¦¦¦¦¦•
Arcata Coos B.& Pt.Orford 10 am Pier 13
S. Rosa San Diego &: Way. 0 am Pier 11
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Phoenix.... Mendocino .City. ... 1 pm Pier 13
November ¦ 2. ¦
Olympic... Whatcom & Falrh'nl 4,pm Pier 2
City Puebla. Puset Sound Ports.|ll am Pier 3
Centennial.. Seattle. & Tacoma. 110 am Pier 2
. . ¦-; , November. 3. |
Chehalis.... Grays. Harbor '. .... ...... Pier 2
S. Barbara. Lqs Angeles Ports. 1 pm Pier 2
Alliance.'... Eureka & Coos Bay 11 am Pier 16
Corona..... Humboldt 1:30 piPler 9
. . - v . November 4." I; - - | •
B. Monica... Los. Angeles Ports. | 4 pm|Pler 2
O. 1 W. Eldei Astoria & PortlandlU amlPler24
Coronado.".. Grays Harbor. . ...;|. 4 pm Pier 10
¦ .1 .- ' November 5. |- •
State of Cal. San-Diego & .Way. 9 am Pier 11
Bonlta...... Newport .Way Pts. 9 am Pier 11
, • .- November 6.-
Rainier..... Seattle &> Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
Ramses..... Hamburg & 'Way. . 2 pm Pier 19
.- . . November... 7.
Centralla... Grays; Harbor ..... 4 pm Pier 10
Rival. .... . . Wlllapa Harbor. . . . 4 pm Pier 2
Alameda. . . . Honolulu 11 am Pier , 7
Umatllla... • Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier ft
Curacao.... Mexican. Ports... ..110'am Pier 11
Peru.... N. Y. -via Panamall2 m Pier 40
¦ November t $. •' . 1" •
Newburg... Grays Harbor ...:. 4 pm Pier 10
~~ T - FROM ; SEATl'LE. .
.Steamer.. , •.. i-.,- For.' -- ,| Sails.'.
¦ Dlrigo:*.. . : . . . Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 3o
Humboldt •,"..-. Skagway & Way-Ports. Oct. 31
Excelsior..... Cooks Inlet' & Way Pts. Nov. 1
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way, Ports. Nov. 2
Al-Kl........ Skagway" & -Way Ports. Nov.\ 4
Bertha ....... Valdez & Way Ports . . Nov. \ 7
Valencia .... Skagway & Way Porto. Nov. 7
1 - ' * - *»» - '- -¦ - ¦
HONOLULU— Sailed Oct ' 28— Stmr Alameda,
Sailed Oct 29 — Bktri Katie Fllcklnger for
Ban Pedro: schr W F Wltreman. for' Sari
Pedro.
Arrived Oct 29 — Bark Coloma. from • Ban
Diego. ¦ '• . ¦ ¦ , .
Sailed Oct 29— Schr Wlnalow, for San Pedro
REDONDO— Arrived Oct 2»— Stmrs Corona
do. Redondo and Brooklyn,' hence Oct 27.
TATOOSH— Passed In Oct < 29 — Stmr James
Dollar, hence Oct. 2fl, for Seattle.
. POKT HARFORD— Sailed ;, Oct 29— Stmrs
Santa Cruz and Coos Bay. for San Francisco
EVERETT— Arrived Oct 29— Bktn North
west, from Ban Pedro.
EUREKA— Sailed Oct 28— Stmr ¦ Eureka, for
Ban Francleco. ' < -
Arrived Oct 29 — Stmr Newsboy, hence . Oct
27: stmr Corona, hence . Oct 28.
. PORT HARFORD— Sailed 'Oct 29— Stmr Bo
nlta; for San Pedro." : • . " , .
PORT TOWNSEND^-Arrived Oct 29— Schr
Susie M Plummer,'; hence Oct, 18, for Tacoma;
bktn Quickstep, from Santa Rosalia. .-.:.-,;
COOS BAY— Arrived Oct, 28^-Schr' Chas E
Falk, from San. Pedro; schr Ivy, hence Oct 21."
. PORT BLAKELBY — Arrived Oct' 29— Bark
Reaper, hence Oct 17; Br. bark Iverna, T from
Shanghai; Br ship* Cambuskenneth. hence Oc
tober 15. '.:¦'"*¦ :¦¦-¦•: ' ¦--',.., :.-¦»¦..• "...
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Oct 29— Stmr
Chehalis, hence Oct 27. ¦_:,'..¦ ,
. - WHATCOM— Bailed .Oct , £9— Stmr ; Rainier,
for San Francisco. / ¦ ¦SMS''
SBamaGfri island l port.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
MENDOCINO— Arrived Oct 28— Stmr Phoe
nix, hence Oct 27. «•;-.-,.!
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 28 — Fr bark Ger
malne, from Newcastle, Aus.
Arrived Oct 29— Stmr Aurella, hence Oct 26
8EATTLE— Arrived Oct 29— Stmr Farallon
from Skagway. -.
Arrived Oct 29 — Fr ship Andre Theodore'
from Port l^s- Angeles; Ger bark Thalassa'
from Antwerp. ' ,
ABERDEEN— Sailed. Oct 29— Schr Borealls
for Melbourne. . • . '
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Oct 29— Stmr Rival
hence Oct 20.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Oct 29 — Stmrs Fran
cis H Lecrgett and Ruth, hence Oct 27
Sailed Oct 29— Stmr Alcatraz, for San Fran
cisco. ¦ • ¦-.:-.
TACOMA —^Arrived . Oct 29— Stmr Mineola
hence Oct 26. •-•'.. "
Btmr State of California, Thomas, San Diego
Stmr Sierra, Houdlette, Honolulu and Syd
ney.
Br fctrcr Tottenham, Peters, Port Towneend.'
Br «tir,r Wyefleld. Watson, Nanalmo.
Schr Sequoia, Johnson, Puget Sound
Schr Novelty, Hoffman, Aetorla. '
Schr Sacramento, Mercer, Sluslaw River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 29, 10. p m— Weather
foggy; wind NW. velocity 12 miles per hour. 1
Thursday. October 29.
Thursday, October 29.
Etmr Columbia, Doran, -Astoria; Oregon
Railroad and N«.v Co. • .
Stmr Sierra. Houdlett*, Honolulu and Syd
ney; J D Spreckels & Bros Co. -
Br stmr Wyefteld, Watson, Nanalmo;> West
ern Fuel Co.
Br «mr Tottenham, Peter*. Port Townsend;
J J Moore & Co.
Fr bark La Rochejaquelin, Durand, Queena
town; G W McNear.
. SAILED.
Thursday, October 29.,
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, 56 hours from
Victoria.
Stmr Point Arena, Miller, 14 hours from
Mendocino. ¦ , ,
Stmr Argo, Dunham,' 7 hours from Pigeon
Point.
Stmr Arcata. Nelson, 60 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, 19 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Czarina. Johnson, 42 hours from Coos
Bay,
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 24 hours from Monterey
and way ports.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 42 Va hours
from San Diego.
Stmr Alcazar, Martin, 49 " hours from, San
Pedro.
Br ship Hutton Hall, Thurber, 54 days from
Newcastle, NSW.
Br shm Monkbarns, McNeeley, 160 days
from Liverpool.
Br ship Ancalos, FUIton, 00 days from New
castle. NSW.
Br ehlu Galpate. Griffiths, 58 days from
Newcastle. NSW.
Br ship Clan Galbraith, Barker, 123 days
from Cardiff. ¦ •
Bark Oregron, Parker, 00 days from New
castle, NSW.
Bark Sonoma, Anderson, 75 days from Syd
ney.
Bark Oregon. Parker, 90 days from New
castle. NSW.
Bark W . B Flint, Johnson, 19 days from
Kahului.
Fr bark Genevieve Mollnos, Tattevln, 13S
days from Hull.
Schr H C WriKht, Nielsen, 17 days from
Mahukona.
Sehr Una. Harkins, 102 days from Panama.
Ft echr Papeete, Le Chevalier, 38 days from
Tahiti.
CLEARED.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
United States ;' Coast "! and ' Geodetic ' Survey—
Time and Heights of .High v and * Low
"Waters at Fort - Ppint, 1 entrance to San
• Francisco Bay. 1 Published byJ official: au
thority of the = Superintendent.^ ¦
NOTE— The ; high': and » low? waters | occur, at
the • city ; front j (Mission-street i wharf) about 25
Sun. Moon and • Tide.
Branch Hydrographic Office," U. 8/ N. t Mer
chants' 'Exchange, ¦¦ San . Francisco, Cal.;
. '¦> October 29, 1903. -^. ' .
- ! The Time Ball . on '..'J"> ? tower of . the ' Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
i.-e., afnoon of -the Vl20th, meridian,, or! at 8
p.m., Greenwich time. ¦::.'¦¦ : - ¦ ' -
Mnadg«raHi%9l^-' .,¦" . J. C. BURNETT. .."-•
Lieutenant U. 8. N.., In charge.'
Time Ball.
THE SAN • FKAis CISCO. CAliivrlFBIiyAY, 1 OCTOBER 30/1903.
12
B CALIFORNIA J
0 LimiTED TO CHICAGO |
R. Leaves Mondays nad Thursdays t
S at O:3O a. m., through In 8 days* §
ll with dinar and all trappings. m
Other Santa Fe Trains : .
fliS 5* S" i for Stockton. Fresno, Bak«r*field,
Ii00 p.' m! ) Merced, Hanf ord and VUalla.
4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
: Chicago.
Ticket Offic«: 641 * Market St.; and Ferry
Depot. S. r. Also 11U Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal. -
CALIFORNIA NORTBWESTERN RY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO ANU NORTH PACIFIC
EAI1WAT COMFAHT. ,
Tlbnxoa Perry. Foot of Market Street.
SAN FKAWCISCO TO SAW . aAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
3:30, C:10 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1 :50 and 11 :30 p.m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 9:30 11:00 a. m.; 1:30 3:30.
6:00. 6:20, 11:30 p.: m. .
SAW XATASL TO SAW PBAHC1SCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:05. 7:35. 7:50. 9:20. 11:15
a. m. ; 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
4:55. 5:05. 6:25 p. m. • . - '.
. . Leave I In Effect I . Arrive
San Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1903. [San Francisco.
Week I Sun- ( D&stlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I dayg. | tlon.' | days. | Days.
7:30* a 8:6oli ~~ '-. 9:10 a 8:40 a
' • 9:30a Ignacio. 10:40al0:20a
3:30 p 3:30 p - 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:00 p - 7:35 p
7:30 a ' ¦- j ~" 9:10 a 8:40 a
8:00a . Novato. ¦ 10:40a 10:20a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma. 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 3:30 p ' and 7:35 p
5:00 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a ~~~ ; 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a "Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p ' ' "'
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsbur*;. 10:40 a 10:20 a
' ¦ ; - Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyserrille. . 7:33 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale. ¦ - : -,
7 :30 a I 8 :00 at , . Hopland. 110:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 a| 3:30 p[ and Ukiah. | 7:35 p 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 al Wlillta. 1 7:35 pj 6:20 p
7:30 a! 8:0Q al . , - - 110:40 a[10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p! Guernevllle. - [ 7:35 p[ 6:20 p
7:30a| 8:00a|' Sonoma. I 9:10a| S:40a
6:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a! 8:00 al '. 110:40 a 1 10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebastopol. ' | 7:35 p[. 6:20 p
STAGES connect at ¦ Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa; for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servlllt fur-Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Booneville. and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelseyville, ' Carlzbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno,
! Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerly's,
! Bucknell's Sannedrtn Heights, Hullville, Or^s
i Hot Springs. Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
1 Stevens, Hopkins, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal: at Wlllita for. Fort Bragg.
•Westport, Sherwood. Cahto, Covello, Layton-
I ville Cummlngs, Bell's Springs, Harris. Ol-
! sen's. Dyer, Garbervllle. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 630 Market street. Chronicle
; buildlns. „. •
H. C. WHITING. . R..X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. ' Gen. Pass. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
. Leave . TU Snsalito Firry Arrive
San Francisco ftot of Mark* 8t Saa Francisco
1 Week Sun- ifflg ¦ s «a- Week
Days, days jfS~mr^\. day* Days.
•11:131* 8:00a KgSKi^a 12:05 r 10:401
•J;46p 9:OOa MoB&^toW l:35p »:Sl>p
5:15r 1O:OOa \s3SsgS7 2:50r S:ROr
i 11:OOa 4:5Or 9:50p
_.. l:45p 8:5 Op
.....—.. 3:15 p '^&r- - TiBOr ,~~~~.
•O»Bi«ctTil«tttf«fcr ,' .Mysa ia< ViGeT Ctay
nCUT ) <U6 Markkt ST~(North Shore Railroad)
flmCB ) and Sausauto Fsiutr Foot Market St.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
TOYO KIM KAISHA.
. (ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.) : : V
Steamers will leave wharf, - corner First and
Brannan streets, " at . 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG/ calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
, Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers •. for India., etc. • No
cargo received on board on day of sailing. *
B. S. AMERICA MARU....
e -. . . .-. .¦....•... .Tuesday/ November. 10. 1903
S. S. • HONGKONG MARH. ........... <
......:.. Thursday. December 3. 1903
8. 8/ NIPPON MARU (Calling at Manila)
........:. ;. Wednesday. December 30. 1903
| Via Honolulu.' Round- trip tickets at "reduced
rates.' " For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office, 421 Market street, corner First. ;
¦•¦¦:• W.-H. AVER Y. General Agent. .
S. 8. ALAMEDA, -for -Honolulu, Nov. 7. 11 a.m.
S.S; SONOMA, for- Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
; land and Sydney, Thursday. Nov. 19. 2 p. m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for.- Tahiti, Dee. /I. lla. m.
il.JP.£K£lSi8ICS.M^JI l U.,Tteli13fto,B«»arWa
fta^tBI&a.llSilirki!IL.flirli.7.pixfett
COMPAGNIB QSNEBALE TBAKSATLA5TIQUX.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. "-jmL**
Sailing every Thursday instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. **ns»BS«T
North River, foot of Morton street. ¦
- First-class to Havre. f"0 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $45 and upward. • GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson Buildlns).
New York, J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents., 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
. Mare I»Umd and VaJleJo Steaaier*), .
Steamer GEN.' FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a.m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.,' except Sunday.
Sunday, 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m.i Leave Valiejo.
7 a; m., 12:30 noon,'; 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. -Sun-
day..? a.m.. 4:15"p.'m. " Fare," 50 cents. -Tel.
Main 1508. Pier 2. Mlssion-st. dock. - HATCH
BROS. -5gESF|Bj%Mf|J^!f|n flrlHrr* 1 - - • '
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
(M«in Line. Foot of Market Street )
L g AT » — Fkom OcTon»it51. 19C3. — mm
74)0a Benicla, Salsoa. Blmlraand Sacra- "
mento 7.25^
7.00a VacaTlUe, Winter*. Rumter. 7.65^
7J0a Martlnex, San Ramon. Vallejo, •-
Napa. CalUtogK Santa Ko«« B.2&F
7.50a Nile*, LlTennore, Tracy, Lathrop.
Stockton 7.25?
8.00a Darn, Woodland. Knights Landing;
JUrysville. OroTille -ZSS P
8 00a Atlantic Express— Ogdensnd Ems. i9-2Sa
8 30a Port Costa, Marlines. Antlocb. By-
ron.Tracy,Stocltu>a.2ccr»menU»i
- ' ' Newman. Los Banos. Mendota,
Annost, Lemoore, Uaaford.
Viialia. PorterTllle 4.2S»
8. 30a fort Coita, M»r;iaez. Tracy. Lath- -
rop. Modesto. Merced. Fre*no.
Goihen Junction. Lemoore, Haa-
ford, Vlialla. Datcersfleld 455P
S.SCa 6h»»u Eiprrs*— Darl*. Wllltama
. (for Bartlett Springs). Wlllowt,
tFroto. Ked BlaS. Portland 7-55P
8.30a Jflles. San Jose. Llvennors. Stoclt-
ton.Ione,8acr*mento.PlacerTiUe,
Mary*TlIle. CBica. Red Bluff 4.25r
|.30a Oakdale. Ctatneie. Jamestown. So-
nora, Tuolumne »aJ Angels * -25'
9.00a Martinex tnd W»j SUtloni .8§f p
1000a V»iiejo.. 12.2ST
10.00a El Paao Paj*eager. Kantboaad.—
Port Costa, Martinez, Byma,
Traey. Lathrop, Stockton.
M«reed. Raymond. Fresno, Baa-
ford. VUalla. Balcersfleld. Loi
Angelei and El Fa»o. (West t
bound irrlTe* Tia Coast Line)... *i-3ar
10.00a The Orertand Limited — Ofden,
Denrer. Omaha, Chicago. 8.25*
12.00ii Hayward. Nlles and Way Station*. 3-25»
tiXOr Saeramento River Steamer* tii.OOF
330r Benicla, Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland. Knight* Landing. .
MarTiTllle, OroTllle and way
Stations. ......: 1 9i5*
3J0r Hayward. Xlles and Way Sution*.. 753r
3.30r Port Cost*, Martinez. Byron,
Trier, Lathrop, Modesto,
Merced. Fresno and Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Coita 12 25?
330p Martlaez. Tracy, Stockton, Lodl... 10-25*
4.00r Marti nea.Sau H*mon. Vallejo, Xapa,
Callstoga. Santa Hosa. 9 25*
4 00* Nile*. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4.25*
4 30* Hayward. Nile*. IrTlng-ton, San I t3.55»
Jo*e, Ltvermore f til. 65*
600* The Owl Limited— Newman. Los
Banos. Mrndota. Fresno. Tul&re,
BakersOeld. Los Angeles 8.55a
E.OOr Port Coita. Tracy. Stockton 12.25*
t5 3Cr Hayward. Kile* and Saa Jose 7.25a
6.00* Hayward. Nile* and Saa Jo*e. 10.25a -
6X0* Oriental Mali— Opden. Denier,
Omaba. St. Louis. Ctaleago aad
East. Port Costa, Benicia. Sul-
tan. Elmlra, Davis, SacrarneDto,
Rocklln. Aubum, Col fax,
Trnckee. Boca, Reno, Wads*
worth. TVtnn emaeca. Battle
Mountain. Elko ;. 4.23*
8.00p Vallejo, dally, except Sunday I 7 R c-
700* Vallejo, Sunday only f /o »'
74)0* 6aa PhMo, Port Costa. Marines
and Way Sutlon* '.1.25a
6 C5f Orejon * California Express— Sac-
ramento, MarysTllle, Bedd'.ng.
Portland, Puget Soond and East. 8-55 a
9.10* Hay ward, Nile* and San Jose (Sua-
¦ day only)v . 11.55a
. COAST LINE Marrow Uaage).
(Foot of Market Street.)
' 6.15a Newark. CenterriUe. San Jos?.
felton. Boolaer Creek, Santa
Crsi tnd Way Stations 5 55?
M.15* Newark, Centenrllle. San Jose.
New Almaden.Lo* Gato«.Felton.
. '-» Baolder. Creek. Santa Cnu and
Principal Way Station* 1055a
4 16* Newark. San Jose. Los Gato* and
way »t»tlona t3.55 a
'3 30* Hunter* Trnin. Saturday only, San
Jose and Way Stations. Sanday
only mums from Lo» Gato* :7 25*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rom SAN * I: AN CISCO. Foot of Market St. (3I!p«
. — tT:13 J-.ui 11:00a.m. 1.00 3.00 5-15p.h.
•Tom OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — tS:UO
ti:03 10:00 a.m. 1200 200 4.00 P.M.
COAST LINE (Broad tiaa**).
¦ IW~ (Tnird and" Townnend Street*.)
6-10a San Jose and Way Stations. S 3Qf> *
700a San Joae and Way Station* g 38*
800a yew Almaden (Tae*., Frld^ only), 4.10*
• 00a CoaatLIne Limited— Stop*only San -.¦:'-'
Jose. Gllroy (connection for Hol-
llster). Pajaro. Ca!"troTUle. Sa-
linas. San Ardo. Paso Robles,
Santa Margarita, San Lai* Oblspo.
Principal station* t&ence Surf
(connection for Lompoc) princi-
pal stations thence Santa Bar-
bara and Los Angele*. Conaec-
' ' tion at Castrorllla to and from
Monterey and Pacific Grove .18.49J
9. CO a San Joae. Tre* Pino*. Capttola,
SantaCrux.Paciflc GraTe.Sallnaa.
. San Lais Oblspo and Principal
i .... Way Stations 4.10*
10.30* San Jcse and Way SUttons 1.28»
11 30a Santa Clara,' San Jofe, Los Gatoa
. ___ and Way Station* 7.30*-
IJO* Sao Jo*e and Way SUUon* 8 36*
4. COr Paciflc Grove Rxprea* — SaataClara
6»n Jose, Del Mont*. Monterey.
Paciflc Grove (connect* at Santa
Clara for Santa Cruz, Boulder
Creek snd Narrow Gauge Polntt)
at Gllroy for Holllster. Tre*
» ___ Ptnos, at CastroTtUe for Sallna*. 12.1S*
J-30* Gllroy Way Passenger.... 110.45a
i4>45* San Jose. (tU Salu Oiara) Loi
,- . Gato*. and Principal Way Sia-
,._. tlon* (except Sunday) tft.20A
?¦¦*«* SanJoseandPrlnctpalWaySUtlon* t8.0Ok
8. COr Bantet Limited. Eaitbound.— Saa
LuU Obtspo, Sanu Barbara, Lo*
1 . : Angeles, Demtnf. El Paso. Sew
Orleana, Kew Tork. (Weatboand
„ . arrtTeBTlaSanJoaqulnVallry)... *9 25a
t«.16* San Mateo,BeresfoTd,BeImont.Saa
- Cvlo*. Redwood. Fair Oak*.
... Menlo Park. Palo Alto t8«8A
«f »- 6«^Jose and Way Stations. 8.38a
1 1 ,30r South San Francisco, M illbrae. Bur-
lins>rae. 8an Mateo, Belmont,
San Carlos. P.edwood. Fair Oak*.
.. _„ ; Memo Park, and Palo Alto 8 45*
•11-33* Mayfleld, Mountain View. Suaay-
rale. Lawrence, Santa Clara and
San Jose t945r
" .A for Morning. ~" . P f or Aiternooa.
? Sunday only.
I Stop* at all sUtlon* en Snaday.
T Sunday ezcepted. a Saturday only.
« Via Coast Line. »Vla San Joaquln Valley.
OT"Only train* stopplaa; at Valencia St. *oathhona4
•« • : 10 A.H.. n-.COA j»,lt : SO aji., 8: SO r Jf. and «: 30 p.m.
fSrfyp^g TO SAN RAFAEL
SAN QUENTIN,
1h^^^^ MILL VALLEY,
IIIJIIJlJS CAZADERO, ETC.
ESyty^^j^^S^^J Via Sausolito Ferry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric —
Depart from San Kranclsco Dally — 7:«X>. •8:00,
•D:0O *10:0O 11:00 a. m.. *12:20, *1:45. *3:13,
4:ia,'»5:15. 6:15. T:00. 8:45. 10:20. 11:45 p. m. .
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Dally — 5:25. *6:35. *7:40. *8:35. •0^5. •110*
a. m.. »12:2O. 1:45. *2:B3. »3:45. 4:43, »3:43
•6:45. 8:45. 10:20 o. m.
Trains marked (•) run to and from Eaa Quen-
tln. »
FROM MILX. VAI^LET TO SAJ* FRAN-
CISCO— Dally— 5:45. 6:53, 7:52. 8:33, 8:35
11:20 a. m.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15. 4:05. 5:08. 603'
7:03. 0:00, 10:35 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. m.." week days — Cazadero and way
stations.
5:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomalca and way statlona.
o-.15 p. m.. Saturdays — Casadero and way.
atationa. . - '
- Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyea and way
stations.
TICKET OFFICE— «26 Market st. .
FERRY — Union Dfpot. foot of Market it.
16 Pages. SI pep Yea?
OCEAN TBAVEL.
¦ - * vtfiE"P*sL" " • Steamers leave San Fran-
/^v^'^w^ Cisco as follows: • ¦. . •-.. ',
&*%!_• ¦¦¦:¦¦ ' : For Ketchlkan, Wrangel,-
/ft/v53SOtl V*l Juneaii, Halnes, Skagway,
I I 1 I etc - Alaska— 11 a. m., Oct.
I \ \W&8!a/ .1 2S, Nov. 2. Change to com-
WV \\ Jr,O/ pany's steamers at Seattle. -'
VVOI_^^y For ' 'Victoria. ' Vancouver,
Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
' coma. Everett..- Whalcom — 11
a. m.. Oct. 2S, Nov. 2. Change at Seattle to
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry.: at Seattle cr Tacoma to N, P. Ry.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry. : '• -.-> ¦;.*« •••
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
.p.' m... Oct. 31; Nov. 6: Corona,; 1:30 p. m.,
Oct. 2S, Nov. 3. ,
For, Los Angeles (via Port Los 'Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego ' and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa, Sundays, ¦ 9 a. m. • ' ..'-.,
; State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. m. . . - .
' For Lea ' Angeles (via San - Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa* Barbara, Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayuccs, Port' Harford (San
Luis Oblspo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay, 0 a. m., Nov. 1. . . ,
, Bonlta, 9 a.m.. Oct.. 28, Nov. .5..
'For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay,' San Joae del
Cabo, Maza tlaxi. Altata, La Paz, ~ Santa 'Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a.' m., 7th of each
month.: i . -•».'.-*¦' : ' > V -".,>¦*•' >' . ,' i'»- ¦
For further Information obtain, folder. ,"
¦ Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing-dates. '- ". • - '¦¦¦¦..¦; ¦=•-., «•
TICKET OPriCES— 4 New, Montgom-
ery ptreet (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street and
Broadway^ wharves. •".»,- v ,, . . .
Freight office. 10 Market street. '-
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.'
10 Market street, San Francisco. .:
1 0; r. & n. co. ;
• ¦•. 'Columbia'^ sails Oct. 20, S 30, Nov.: ft. 19,'. 29,
Dec. 9, 10.-29. "George. W. Elder" .sails Oct.
25, ¦¦ Nov." 4. 14. 24, Dec. 4. . 14, 2*. . Only steam-
ship ¦ Mne to PORTLAND, OR.; , and ahort rail
line from Portland to all points East. Through
tickets 'to all points, all rail or steamship and
rail ; at LOWEST, RATES.'- Steamer tickets In-
clude . berth and * meals. " Steamer "sails *' foot ' of
gpear st. a t :: 1 1 *> a. m. ">'. 8. ; F. BOOTH," - Gen.
Agt. ' Pass.^ Dept.^ 1 Montgomery st. : ' C.*, CLIF-"
FOR1>. Gen. Agt. Freight Drpt., 3 Montgomery. '
' ' ' c ' "•¦¦_'-_ RAILWAY TBAVEL. '. u
The sensible "fl ' ' ' |# I
traveling in a stand-
ard sleeper, and almost as comfortable.
But be sure you go the right way — via the Rock
Island. * c Scenic" or "Southern" route, whichever
you prefer.
• n , : Southern route cirs Ieate San Fraacisco .' . Per»
mmttSSBtSSHfttaam -^ tonally conducted three times a week. *
Scenic line cars leare San Francisco Wednesdayj,
H 1 Hi W.fl Kill lilt) Saturdays and Sondayt. . .
HJ.VA3i^M.JriJji. < q At k for folder. Tickets at Southern Pacific ticket office*.
F. W. Thompson, G. W. A.,
WBar—vy -*1ttB 633 Market St., Saa Francisco, CaLPORTLAND. Oct. 29.— WHEAT— Walla Wai
la. 76c; Bluestem. 78c; Valley 78c. -'
¦ The. wheat shipments from* the • port ¦ for tht
week ending to-day were 476,133 bushela.
The steamer • Indrasamha cleared to-day for
the Orient with 239.131 bushels of wheat.
OREGON.
Northern . Wheat Market.
¦-". About i the only ./ fluctuations • of . any : conse
quence yesterday, ; were an ¦; advance In Home
Oil to ?1 ¦ 05 .and { weaker, prices for the - gas
stocks;; Gas and J Electric" selling '.„ oft to |60®
69 20 '; and 5 the : certificates ' to ¦' $68 75. Trading
continued light .' on • all . the ' exchanges. " . ' i
.;^Tb« ,t Giant /I Powder,. , A Company; Consolidated
has decl-tred . a - regular monthly dividend ' of 50
cents ; per ' share. ; payable' November ' 10.*, ¦ ', i- .. •
Ex-dlvtdend ; yesterday : Pacific Coast Borax
Company, . regular - monthly, c $1 per ¦ share,
amounting • to $19,000. .
"¦¦ \,Th« i New. Almaden < Quicksilver Mining Com
pany; Chihuahua, Mexico, has ' levied assess-
Dullness characterised the fruit market yesi
terday, ss the,. lemand- for. local consumption
was light," owing to the cool weather, and there
Wa3 "very little Inquiry for shipping purposes
Receipts of table Grapes in • small packages
were lltht, but proved excessive- and price*
were : lower.*' ; Off^rlnjcs in lare« ; boxes werp • in
fair ; reauest ' end," us . recelntg -were moderate
prices were ; maintained, ;: The auotatlons for
Wine Grapes are largely nominal, as the season
Is practically over and only.' a I few straggling
lots are being received.. Cantaloupes and Nut
meg , : Melons continue to • arrive freely, v but at-*
tract very ¦ little - attention." and k poor . stock * is
hard to dispose of even at concessions. VApples
Pears and other tree fruits are ¦, arriving i freely
and prices show but little change from day to
day.- Lonjrwortb* Strawberries are selling at a
wide range | according to quality.' and attractive
lots • are • easily • disposed ; of r at the - maximum
quotation, i The ; dally > receipts .of > large Straw
berries . and Raspberries , ara , more than suffi
cient ' for ¦ requirements and . surplus | stocks ara
sdM "- to the - canners at • the ¦ Inside - quotations.
Huckleberries and < are- * in . limited
supply and: firm. » .-¦« -.^ : ; < »„•»".--">,'¦;_. %¦ -
/Citrus ' and ..Tropical , fruits are dull . and fea
tureless. i»»"..- '"i-'ri -y. : ' j^' ¦--•"i'v-.i -:-- ¦'¦'.•;•--¦¦¦ u ¦>'• -,n:j-' ¦ i
.,.; STRAWBERRIES— Longworths, $8@13 per
Deciduous and; Citrus- Fruits
Receipts of Produce.
• FOR THURSDAY. * OCTOBER 29.
flour qr«ks...l7,4!>« Mustard," ska.'... .' 313 i
iVneat, ctls..... 1W> Wool, bales..... 458
Barley.-' ctls: . . . . 2,200 5hort9, ska ...... 200
Dats ctls....... 80 3creenings. sks. 200
RyiTctlB.... ..¦..'- 400 rallow, ctls 207
Deans sks. 10,272 Pelts. No....... 1.319
Potatoes, sks... l.SOOjHides. No...V.. ; 1.152
Onions sks..... 270|RalMns, bxs.... 2,000
nran sks ..... 470 Leather, rolls. ,. 44
Middlings,- sks. . _& VV'ine.: gals 56.300
4ay tons:...... 2bO Powder, car 1
?traw tons. .... 13|rhleory. bbls. ... 25
Hops 'bales..... lSCLime. bbls...... -.• 408
;- — -.,. " WASHINGTON.' \ '
Flour, qr sks. . 17.112|Dran. sks.... ... 3.640
Oats,,ctls. ..:.... 2,BS3iRolled oats, sks.' 350
PORTLAND. Oct. 29.— Clearings, $600,105;
balances, $59,625. ' •
TACOMA, Oct. 29.— Clearings. $309,778; bal
ances. $27,597. . -.<-'- '
SEATTLE. Oct. 29.— Clearings, $705,516; bal.
• ances, $1*5.035. . . : ; '
SPOKANE. Oct. 20.— Clearings, $382,580; ¦ bal
ances, $59,383. ¦..•-,.
Northern Business.
ST JOSEPH. Mo., Oct. 29.—CATTLE}—Re
celptB. 2400: steady. Cows and heifers. $1 25
$4 50: stockers ' and feeders. $2 85®3 85
• HOGS— Receipts. 5000; 10c to" 15c lower.
LiKht $5 20#5 35; medium and heavy $5O
B 10. '
SHEEP— Receipts, 350; active. Lambs $5 50.
CHICAGO. Oct. • 2».— CATTLE— Receipt*.
13.000;- fteady; cood to prime steers, $5 35©
B 80; r©°r to medium, $3 80i?4 80; stockera and
feeders *2 2H<g4 35; cows. $1 35«?4 30; heifers.
$2ft5; cannem. $1 35^2 45; build. M2®4 CO;
calves. $206 75; Texaj fed steers, $2 75f)3 B0;
Weetern Steers. $3($4 60.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. .22,000; to-morrow,
10,<»00: 10315c lower; mixed and butchers,
$5 10©5 45; good to choice heavy. ?5 1O®5 50:
"rough heavy. $4 75^5; light, $6@5 90; bulk; of
sales. $505 35.
SHEEP-*-ReceIpts, 30,000; sheep and lambs,
steady; good to choice ; wethers. $383 65; -fair
To choice mixed. $23*3: Western sheep, $3@5 60;
nativa lambs, $106 65; Western lambs. $3 50
@5 25. . ' . . ;¦:
ST. JOSEPH.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. . 2tt. — The cotton market
opened firm at an advance rtf 35i7 noints and
closed steady at a net advance of 18®23 points.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
Oil stock— : Bid. Asked.
Alma • - • • 1 35
Apollo .' 42 ....
Associated Trust Cert 19
Aztec • ...»- .... .00
California Standard 11
Caribou '1.00 110
Central Point Con 65- ....
Chicago Crude 1» 20
Claremont 24 ....
Esperanza '. 1 50 ....
Four 69
Fulton - 4 00
Giant "..... VwKTSTrBn 20
Hanford 130 00
Home ••••' 1 °0 I 08
Imperial •••• 18 CO
Independence '19 19
Junction 10 .....
Kern ....;..'.. -.- 5 00
Kern River 13 «>
uon.'.:rr.'.fr:rerrr.rr..: — «J 04
Monarch of Arizona ........ 49 50
Monte Crlato 17
Occidental Of W Va 17 18
Oil City , Petroleum 25 28
Peerless 13 50
Pittsburg • •• 20
Reed Crude .............:... 41
8 F and McKlttrick ........ 2 75 ....
San Joaquin O a D 5 73 ....
Senator.... '•" 75
Sovereign 3$ ....
Sterling •• 2 65 ....
Superior.. •• ."¦ 06 07.
Thirty-Three - •• 6 50 7 60
Toltec ........ -• .•-.. 20 21
Twenty-Eight 4 25
West rihore 2 SO ....
' Miscellaneous — . ,
Abby Land and Imp ....... 1 40 1 60
Alameda Sugar .... 20 00
American Biscuit 85 CO
American District Tel ....- ¦>.:..
Cal Gas and Electric Corp ....
Cal Cotton Mills '. 88 00 ....
Cal Jockey Club ............ .... 106 00
Cal Shipping Co .....'. ....' 2500
Cal Title Ins and • Trust '.".". 130 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland... 60 00
Chutes Company * .... : . ."' 7 50 ....
Cypress Lawn. Imp Co...... -8 50 7 25
Flscher'u : Theater .....•..'.... 2 00 2 50
Gas Consumers' Assn 22 50
Honolulu " Sugar ¦,.'.....:;..: 14 50 .....
Northern »Oal- Power ....... 8 50- 6 00
North Shore Railroad ...... 6 00 7 00
Orpheum Company .......... 15 25 18 25
Pacific States Tel * Tel.... .... - 115 00*"
Parafflne Paint 33 00 ..'.
San ; Francisco Drydock ' : .¦;'. 47 ' 00 . ' ....
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Scratched Husband's Face.
Mrs. Josie Kauffman. who lives on
Jackston street near Stockton, waa ar
rested on Wednesday for being drunk in
a public place. She appeared before Po
lice Judge Fritz yesterday and her «?a*»
was continued. After she had been taken
back to the City Prison her husband vis
ited, her and she flew at him liku a
tigress, scratching his face and pulling
his hair. She was dragged away f mm
him and a charge of battery was bcoketl
against her on complaint of her huabanJ.
Complaining "Witness Disappears.
The case of Olive Rice, : charged with
grand larceny, was called foi trial'; be
fore Judge Cook yesterday. Sp* was nc
cused of having stolen $210 from Rasmus
Nielsen on December 8 last. Every effort
had been made to find the complaining
witness, without effect, and the District
Attorney asked that the case be dis
missed. The Judge so ordered.
, .Butter was .steady, with .most of the ¦ flna
creamery going at 2S>c, ¦' though the ran^'was
as quoted below.. There was no change in
Receipts were ltf.SOO lbs , Butter, 685 cases
Efffrs and 20,400 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 28@30c for extras and
20®27c for seconds; dairy. 21(6)25c; store Butter
17%ifilOc; cold storage. 24®26c; Eastern, 23©25a
per lb. ' ¦• - ¦¦,;•' ,¦
; CHEESE — 12%c for the general market, lXfi
l3V>c for select mild new and ll©12c for lower
grades: Young. Americas, _ 13^ei4c; Eastern
WifflWe; Western, -14815c -per lb. -'
EGGS — Ranch.: 40#45c; : store, nominal; cold
storage, 27#<330c: Eastern. 28g30c for fresh
and 25S26c for cold storage.;
Another decline In Eggs occurred yenterday.
Sellers quoted as low as 40c for ordinary ranch
and 43c" could buy the. best In the market. -Ail
dealers had stocks for. sale and most of them
reported stocks Increasinff. Buyers continued
to hold off and boueht only from hand to
mouth. I" - .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The fourth for of Western Poultry • for tho
week was on eale ar.d another car was rsporteJ
close at hand and Fehed'.'led for to-day's mar
ket. Callfornlan stock contln'ied rather weal;
under a »lark demand. - : Receipts, however,
were light an«i prle»s were maintained.
There was a- good demand for Game, and, as
the receipts came to. hand in condition, every
thing cleaned up well at steady prices. - ¦ . .
POULTHY— Live Turkeys. 2UiJt^_'c per lb Tor
young and 14@17c for old: Geese, per pair
$1 75@2; Goslings. $2'a2 25: Duckf, $4 C0S5 per
dozen, for old and $5S6 fdr young; Hens. $4 50
«&; young Roosters. $4@5; old Roosters, $4 50**
5; Fryers. $3 50#4; Broilers. $3®3 50 for large
and $2 J)0ff*3 for small; Pigeons, $l@i 25 per
dozen for old and.$2«S2 25 for Squabs. .
GAME — Mul'ard Duckc. $4fiR per dozen- C»»<
vasback. ,?5<FS7; Sprig. tl@i 5o; Teal. $2 CC®
:t:, Widgeon. ?2 50: small Duck.*. Si so^2- Oray
Geese, $3: White -Geese. $1 50#2; Brant
$1 f»0 for small and $2 f>0 for large; English
Snipe . $3: common Snipe. $1 75; Wild Doves
$1 25; Rabbits. $1 75 for Cottontails and $1 23
for Brush; Hare, $1 25(81 50.
Poultry and Game.
Copper more- than recovered Its yesterday'*
loss In to-day's London market, spot advancing
17s ed to £5rt 5s and futures £1 to £5S 1D«.
Locally, copper remains firm but unchanged.
l^ake is quoted at »I4, electrolytic at $13 75
ar.d casting tit *13 50.
Lead declined 5s 33, to £11 3s fld in I^ondon
and was unchanged at $4 50 In -the local mar
ket. - -
Spelter was unchanged in London and was
?fl 12 V» in the local mnrket. v
Iron closed st 49s !n Glasgow and at 42s in
Mlddlesboro. Locally. Iron was quiet. No. ¦ I
foundry. Northern. $15 50016: No. 2 foundry.
Northern, $14 75© 15 25; No. 1 foundry. South
ern .and No. 1 foundry. Southern soft, $14 60
@14 75.
NEW YORK. Oct. 29.— Tin advanced 15s In
Ix»ndon. spot closinsr at £118 13s and futures
at £114 5s. but was lower In the local market.
There was a sale of twenty-flve tons for Octo
ber delivery at $25 25, and epot closed at $23 W>
620. »
Nczv York Metal Market.
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask.] Bid.A»k.
Enperanza ... 01 02'Ton it Cal.... — ; 2">
Lucky Tom C — 10 Ton *.G W.. — ri
MacNamara . 12 l.">!Ton of Nev.. — 6 do
Mizpah — 2tJ Ton No Star.. 32 ii
Montana Ton. 83 — iTnn Midway. X: SS
Paymaster . . . — v 2Oi Ton & S take 13 —
PJne Grove... — ¦ 7.VUnited Ton... — 1G
Rescue '05 WJ; Utopia M Co. lf> _'—
Ton Belmont. $3 — *
THURSDAY. Oct 20—4 p. m.
Bitl.Ask.l Bid.Ask.
Alpha W - ON Julia Ol 05
Alta Oc; OllJustice 04 «.".
Andes 17 18jKentuck — «0
Belcher 12 ll|Keyes 1 75 1 So
Best & Belch. 1 15 1 ZDiMexican 90 91
Bullion Oft lOlOcoIdental ... 20 23
Caledonia ... 87 SJ Ophlr 1 35 1 4i»
Challenge Con 21 2-iiOverTnan IS !¦>
Chollar 15 lf.'PotosI 15 1C
Confidence ... 60 «2 Savage IS 1»
Con Cal & Va.l i>5 1 lOScorpIon 01 0:;
Con Imperial. 03 04'Seg Belcher.. 0.1 04
Con N York.. 05 07: Sierra N»v... S4 M
Crown Point.. 12 13 Silver Hill 58 <S>
Eureka Con.. — 5«StLouia 11 —
Exchequer ... 15 17, Syndicate .... 04 O*
Gould & Cur. 21 22 Union Con... 45 5O
Hale A Norc. 55 — ,l!tah 15 17
Lady Wash... 03 04 Yellow Jacket 3» 3J
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
BAGS— Grain Bags, 5®5!*c; San Quentin,
5 5fic- Wool Bas?, 32e35c; Fleece Twine. 7Vi
£Sc- 'Cotton Fruit Ba«, «^c. 6%c and 7%c
tor the three sradrs; Brown Jute, «H07Uc
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; New Wel
lington $8; Seattle. $« CO: Bryant. «« 50; Bea
ver Hill $5 30: Stanford, $7; Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay $5 50; Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond $7 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
SH 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14- Welfh Anthracite Egg, $13: WeUh Lump.
$11 '50; Cannel. *S 60 per ton;- Coke, $11 5W0
13 per ton in b«lk and $15 m sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions $S 45 per 2000 lbs and
$8 50 per ton, according to brand.
OIL— Linseed. 49c for boiled and 4ic for raw
in barrels; cases, 5c more; Cartor Oil, In cases.
No 1, 70e: Bakers' AA. $1 10@l 12; Lucol, 44c
for boiled and 42c for raw in barrels; Lard
Oil extra winter strained, barrels. 85c; cases.
80c- China Nut. 55<tf70c per gallon; purs
Neatsfoot. in barrels. 75c; cases. Sue; Sperm,
pure 75c: Whale Oil, natural white, N«$55c
i»er salion: Fish Oil. in barrels, 45c: cases,
toe- Cocoanut Oil. in barrels, 58c for Ceylon
and' Me for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
15«4c; Pearl Oil in cases, 22c; Astral, 22c: Star,
22c; Extra Star, 2tie; Elaine, 28o; Eocene, 25c:
deodorized Stove Gasoline, it. bulk, 17c; In
cases, 23%c; Benzine, In bulk, 13c; in cases.
19%c'; 8tt-d?zree Gasoline, In bulk, 21c; in
cases.- 27
TURPENTINE— 80c, per gallon in cases and
74c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND- WHITE LEAD — Red Lead. CV4@
7c nor lb; White Lead, U^fiTc. according to
q RlCE-^-China, No. 2. $4 3504*45; No." t,
$5 75H5 IK); oxtra No. 1, $t> 25®0 50;- Hawaiian.
$5 25; Japan. $5 »i©3 80; Louisiana, $4 30®
S17OAR — (*r>'Stal Domino is 25c higher.
The Western Susrr Refining Company
auotea as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubt-s, A Cruahed and Fhie Crushed. .: 5.85c;
1 Powdered, 5.70c; Candy Granulated, 5.70c; Dry
Granulated, fine, 5.60c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
MiOc: Fruit Granulated, 5.fi0c; Beet Granu
lated' (100-lb ! bags only), 5.40c; Confectioners'
A 5 60c: Magnolia A, 5.2uc: Extra C, 5 10c;
Golden C- 5c; . "D.". 4.90c; barrels, 10c more;
half barrels, 25c more: boxes. 50c more: 60-lb
baes 10c more for all' kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels 6.10e:. boxes, 6.35c; H. & E. Cryatal
Domlnos, fl.50c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or its equivalent.
General Merchandise.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— s a i M . H|)rtu t^,^, aoi!l .
Atrhifton pfd l.floo «)2 ' »0 BO
Bel A Ohio fl.000 n% 74U 7414
.Bal * Ohio pfd.... 2.200 R* $7% 87«
KUV-,:::: 3400 "'* 118 " jja?
<>.e» & Ohio....... 1,306 SO* »% 2914
-Chi & Altftn 1.500 2H% 27U OTU
0,1 & Alton pfd... 400 «2 7a- «&
BFt««»B^£ .. 10 ° w "IS
, Ch! Term A T pfd ;'" |*{* \% '
. C. C, C & St Louis. 100 73%s 7;ji£ •»ii '
Cclo So 100 13# 13^4 13
Colo *> lrt pfd.... 1.200 5« R4« M
Wo 89 2d pfd.... 100 23 23 * 22«4
... were* l*r<Jly inor« than nominal to-Uay. the
.' ae^regate transaction* t»re!y exeeedins a
.-.C(ujrt«-r of b mil'icn shares. The trading in
-¦' A'rnalpaT.«tea f>|ir»er was far in rxetn of that
: ; t'f any other 6to.k and it was the only stock
.'.of any . i-rcminenve which nhowed strength.
:; 5?.- tin early dealings it got l\ ever la^t
'¦; r! F ; * and had some sustatning effect on the
- : Rf-rieral lift. Th#> heaviness elsewhere proved
-, v l lo.be -too much of a welcbt for it to carry
>rj its maximum i-ate was not I»fld. It cloeel
:--tSe -day, however, at a net gam of l i. having
;. •held firmly above last night throughout. The
'• .dn'ji>" In the genera! market carrier & number
. of t.h«. leaders about a point below, including
.* "h*. Paul, Caloa Padflc. MissouH Pacific, Can
.- a<!ian ; Pacific. I»»>]awa.re and Hudson and Louis
. \ - i0e anJ Nashvin*.. The iron and Meel rom
-.t">any Ktjrks and th» railroad equlr>moiit stocks
. sifo showed \arioug declines of frtm I to 2
» Hointe. Ttie l<uyinic of Amalgamated M-an
. BUributed to the otjmtnc meeung *t Butte
.<'.<¦. a m^latimi committee, with the purple of
• rffc<-tln« a o r the quarrsl among
j itie ,opr#r inteppsts. The sagging tendency
• «f the general market w as flue to Inanition
rathtr than t<> any positive pressure to eell.
•••Trader* are liui*. <: i>: . *„] to extend theni
•• »ie!ve« in tare o f the hardening money market
; «*i.l the unknown extent to which the with
.-.dr»>wal8 'if <-urren'-y from this center m?y
:• <':¦!.¦ Telegraphic tranofers through the *ub
tr'.*i^ur> wer» over » million dollars leK« th»n
y#»:terd»r. bt=t thry F till rea.-fc^d the refpe~t
*U* total of $l.S7.'..0fm. (,- this amount $825.
_ <«»• »ent to *-t. Louis. *;. «,.<•«. , to Chicago and
. fS3DjVt» to New Orieam. There Is m. dispcsi
l tion t» account for the movement to Chicago
rtv the ground of FUdden development of the
lonsr-delayed crrvn moving: demand, but there
is authority for the belief that Kt. Louis has
»> ;riaijr- draft* <.n Chiraro for which Chiraro \,
1 V«-'-oui'lng- Itself by drawing on New York.
r* 'i*1,e t!«rhtenin£ of the local money market
• 1" nt sterling exchanjre downward with a
I-Iunge to within miwanble dtytance o* t,he
• Kold import point, dem'nd pterllr.jc LreaKing to
below 4.N5, but with a slight recovery at the
last. - Cotton bill* were a^ain. !n free supply
f and the outward movement of gram continue*
heavy. The weekly *tatement of (lie Iiar.k
Bit "^nrland »ho«-« a grain In gold for the week
• of nearly $4,000,000, but It l« poi^ible that
• n»- derr.ar.<5 by Xi>* York for st>M would
meet with rp*i*tance. as the demand on tfce
<ry}r.tinent Is keen. The weekly htatemenl of
. the Rank of I'Vance shows a decline of gold
• holding* cf nea-ly *2.000.000.. while, that.in
.pfitutlon'a loan account haw been fxpanded
over t2t).i<jfi.iKii) during: the week. Last week's
emergency shipments of currency to CaJtlmore
»nd Pltttburr ftiled to find any reflection in
Saturdays bank statement. This Is a con
dlticn that usually results in throwing over
the showing lnt«i the statement for the fol
lowing week. Thlfi weeks heavy outgo of
currency may therefore he reflected In agirra
\ktefi form In Saturday's bank fctatement.
Forr.e rumor* »ere current on the Stock Ex
• chane* of a tendency to spread of the epirlt
? cf .distrust eroured in St. Louis. These rumor*
were not vertfiert. but they had some Influence
o6 _f er "L nt Th * <"l°«Infi- was steady.
The bond rnarVpt W8 , affecte( j hy the decline
in utocki. and th* riFing money market, and
v'.ru^^.io/m * hemvv - Totai tmr
1 Jt n ra'n Stat " 2 * declin * <s * P er cent <"> th «
NEW; YORK. Oct 2fi. — Dealines In stocks
Xczd York Stock Market.
EASTERX MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm: 'creameries, 15\4ffJ21 1 4i-: dai
ries. 14@lSe. IZggs. firm, 19 1 .a'8'20 1 -ic. Chees»,
easy. I0'/-?i'llc.
Wheat — Dec.
Opening 6 tit-i
Closing C 5%
PARIS.
Wheat— , Oct. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 20 70 20 U0
Closing 20 70 20 90
Flour — ,
Opening (2 .Vi 2.S M>
CloMni? : . . . 32 20 28 t5
VEGETABLKS — Green Corn. 75c®$l- per
nark: Green Peas. 2\iffi3c i>er lb: String Bein*.
l».j«r2Hc l>er lb; Wax, 2<ft1c: Lima B.'ans, 2ijifj
3t£c r>er lb; Tomatoes, 2ft^r«0e iv»r box; Sum
mer Squash. 40®50c per box; Cabbage. 60c per
oil: Carrots. 75c per sack: Cucumber*. 40@5i!c
per hox; Garlic. :;«J4o Der lb; Ore«-n Pepji»r«.
25ffir>0c r'-r.box for Chile and 5Oa"G0c for Belt;
Green Okra. 40(S?(i5c per box: Eg? Plant. 40®
COc pi-r box: Marrowfat Squash, $10 per ton -
Hubbard. ?12. • .
Supplies of Buibank Potatoes continued lib
eral and Ih? maiket was -quiet at about prc
vlouu prices, local requirements being moderate
nnd the demand from outside points very light.
Th-?re were no frcs!' arrivals -of Sweets, "and
rarrlfid-over stock cleantd vo well at firmer
pricrs. . OnJong were- ! 11 free supply and un
chansetl, • with the demand confined chiefly to
itrictly fancy fitock;
VeRetabl^s wert-.in ample supply and- prices
had hut vll;nt varlotton. Tomatoes continue
to arrive lato snd ionslderabl(? quantities are
carrUd over from day to day. Fine smooth
Ftock sells readily to tha 'regular trade at 25^
50c per box, w'MIe r>cor .quality .and unattrac
tive offfrnns arc easily dlspcsed of to packers
at ihp, minimum ouotatlon.
POTATOES— Burbanks from (he river 50,??
7."e ptr ctj; Salinas Burbanks, $!$"1 40 r*er ttl:
Orecon Hurbank*. 7. r >c«i.>l 10 r*i" ftl; River
Reds, 5Cfifi.V per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, 51 255?
1 35 'per ell.
ONIONS— eoa&3c per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Artlclei: — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour. b?rro!s 3.I.BO0 i,S..«i«t
Wheat. bu*h*ls W7.50O 73,200
Pom, bL-she'n 375.IKK) 109.30O
Oats, bushels •. ....'tO.CCO 162,^00
Rye. bushels 7.M>;> 4,500
Barley, bushels OO.8O0 1«.*CO
Ca*h quotations wero es follows: Flour,
steady: Ko. 2 sprins wheat. S^Stc; No. 3,
756f?c*c: So.. 2 red, SI Vi€r«!lic: No. 2 corn.
43yfc@44%c; No. 2 'yellow, . 4434045c; No. 2
oats, :«l\ic; No. 3 white, 35V»@3SVic; No. 2
rye, 55%o: Rood feeding barley, 40ig43c; fair
to choice maltinp. 47@5."c; No. 1 flaxseed, 90c;
No. 1 Northwestern, Sm!c; prime timothy seed.
52 SO; mes« Dork, oer bbl. $11 37Vj@ll 50;
lard, per 100 lbs. $C 52mrtf 65; short ribs sides
doofet. $7C7 50; short clear eiden (bosed).
?7 25?>:7 60; whisky, basis of high wines. $1 25;
clover, contract grade, S10 SOi^lO GO. -
The f olluwlnij quotations are for good, sound
Llvo«tocjs. delivered in San Francisco, less 5i>
per eent ghrinkare-for Cattle: . .
CATTLE — Steers, .8@9c: Cows and Heifers.
7&kc: thin Cows. 4«J5c per pound.
CALVES — 4©4>£e per pound (gross weight),
SHEEP— Wethers. 3Vi©3»ic; Ewes. 3&ii%c
per pound (gross weieht).
L\MBS— $2 75413 per head.
HOGS— Live Hose, 150 to 250 lb*. 5ti<*:
under 160 lbs. BUe^c; Sows. 20 per cent off:
Boars 50 per cent off, and Stags, 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
¦Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: . . ' •
BEEF— CS7c for Steers end 6©6c per lb
for Cows. •
VEAL— Large. 6« 7c; small. 8@»c per !b.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7«4'£Sc: Ewes, 7©7£c
per pound. - '
LAMB— 9<B10e per pound.
PORK— Dressed Hors. "HSOc per pound.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Hnga are »-asy and quiet at the recent de
cline, with plenty coming in. Other meats re
main as before.
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
Afternoon Session.
2C0 Montana Ton. 9<>
300O Esperanza ... 02; CO Ton Belmont.l oo
500 Golconda Con. 101 100 Ton N Star...- XI
ion MacNamara . 1-i M Ton of Nev..t> 111
200 MacNamara . I",
The following were the sale's on the San
Francisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yes
terday:
Morning Session.
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
TOO Andes 17 .TOO Savage l«
TOO Chollar lh EOO Sierra Nev.. 34
"0O Con Imperial OT. i.'OO Silver Hill. .. 5^
WO Crown Point. 13 L"W> Union Con. .. 47
ZOO Exchequer .. 21 MK> Utah 15
feOO Julia '. •« I f.» Utah ....... 14
::00 Kentuck 01 !U:0 Yellow Jack. 34
fiflO Mexican SS J 100 Yellow Jack. 33
200. Savage 17 I
Afternoon Session.
pf> Best A Belch. 1 22^]tO<> Mexican P2
J0O Chollar 1»3 boo Mexican .... »O
«» CCA Va...l 17^a "200 Occidental .. 2i>
• 00 Con N York. 00 I&00 Overman .... V.t
5C0 Crown Point. 14 '100 Savage 2«»
t00 Crown Point. 13 i40O Sierra Ner.. S&
WO Exchequer .. IB hoo Union Con. .. 5O
500 GouKI A Cur. Zl 2C0 Yellow Jack. 35
J0O Gould A Cur. 22 !
The following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
200 Bullion CO 5CO Savage ftl
100O Exchequer ... 1« an«» Sierra Nevada 3t;
100 Julia W ;;CO Union Con 5u
100O Julia W
Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha .:.:... 07 300 Julia .... WS
100 Caledonia SH 200 Mexican HH
200 Challenge Con 22 10O Poto«J 15
100 Con Cal & Va.l 05 loo Sierra Nevada 31
2CO Gould &. Cur. . 21 10O Silver Hill 5!>
100 Hale A Norc. &1 2UO Yellow Jacket. 3U
The following were the stales on the San
Francisco Stock- and Exchange Board yester
day :
Morning Session.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE
Mining Stocks.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about IViq, under quotations, v Heavy salted
Steers, 0>&c; medium. Stye; lirht. 7%c; Cow
Hides. 8c -for heavy and "\c for light; Stags,
6V*c; Salted Klo.8Hc: Salted Veal. OV^c;
Salted Calf. 10c; dry Hides.' 15015V iC ; dry Kip.
13c; dry Calf. 17c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 2S''i>
••?0o each: s-hort Wool. 40060c each: medium. 70
0»Cc; Ion w Wool. *!*>! 50'earh: Horse H-d»«.
salt. *2 75 tor large and $2@2 60. for medium.
Si 25«I1 75 for small and 50c for Colts: Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 SO for me
dium, $1@1 25 fcr small and 50c for Colts.
Huck Sklnii— Dry Mexican. 32c: dry salted
Mexican. -25c: dry Central American. 32c.
Goat Skins — Prime. Angoras. 75c; large and
itnooth. .Vh:; medium. 35c; small, 20c- -
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4 ',4c per lh; No.
2. 4c: crease. 2Vj©3c. ' , . .
WOOI>— Fall clip— San Joaquin Lambs'. 9fJ
lie: Middle County, 11SM2e: Northern Free,
iltrlie; Northern Defective, 10011c; Hum
boldt and Mendocino. 12914c; Nevada. 13®15c:
Oropon, One. 18819c; Oregon, medium, 17c
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
;. ¦!¦ . ¦ lAft This I^*t
: •'.•Stations— 24 h>ur*. Sea».-m. f*ea.«on.
.Jftjreka 3.2i> -2.71
: lied Bluff r.. "».44 3.44
*>.14 1.B7
. « J 3rn Franciiw-o O.I 7 1.70
. >-v^>n O.Ort 0 42
!twlef*>ndenre Trie* O.SS
- ?aB U:ls Oblspo 6.02 2.00
' li* Angrle* 0.43 0,«9
• fca-n V.'gr. o.W ft.PS
- "¦ THE COAST RECORD.
:'./. - ; ' = K c 2 ' 2 5
- STATION. y • 3 «: r§ J» *
1 ..." r 1" \ f r I
JUker ' S0.30 ««: 3»» ,nw r>ar .00
.'••ja.rson "n.ii; «j(» :;\ w Cloudy .00
Ctineka M.<Q 58 52 *N Clear" .<O
¦¦<"aralloa ZX.fri TA &* NW Clear .0:)
. l^iw^no 2«.m 7«* 4V ST\' Our .(0
>la«st«ff LM.7<; 82 2>i \V Pt.Cldy .00
. l'-Tj^IK^>denre .?¦<.'.«> 72 f>0 XW «_1^ar .O<)
': - f- Ar^f-I^s ..r.«.Mj -1 id siV dear .00
r> . Tamnljinls.^.fiS 7* S2 JCW < >ar .^0
. N-nh Head ..:>».. V« M .'m» NW Oear .10
¦Vhoenik 25*. 7* hi .'.0 W Clear ¦•*¦ ".CO
: «;M-ntello 30.06 .'«• 44 SW 1 loudy T.
;.:¦'^land 3H.2ti 5k a« S Clear .f"0
: t''~nt Bern . .2J».O" «m r.2 NW near --.CO
ilrrt RJuJf ....:?:». »4 7k r.*> N «'iear .00
1 ;'.I*ebunf :ai.2n r.« 42 n ricsr .00 i
'^.'-rarncrtci ..T*.Wt fat 4-s NW <"'tai .f<*
>»!; !^ik». ...:••. 04 .Vt 42 K Pt.Cldy .01
_J-n FrBnri.ero.'Jfl.tt:) "n W Clear ' .(id
,tC L OV-if- € »K>. .2.«.'.t't «>2 4'S N Clt-ar '.00
•f*li nif^o 2>.ss a* 50 S rltar ''.<*>
;*i«a»Ue r.o.::4 r.« 4*5 XE Clear .O'*
• So ka.n«> MI.24 M 4<> SE Pt.v'idy .ri
. ''.etosh ."i»l.2*i tm 4K s «'loudy .f0
. \«"»iiia AVa'la. .:;o.i'S 5\ 4<» SW Clear' .K>
: v - irnsftiurra .."".12 .">(» :!C NW <";ear .CO
Vuma 29.7s Kv r^5 SW Clear .0<t
WEATHER CONniTIOXS AND CLNERAU
FOR » "AST.
T-t.r z>rr?s\irr has i'«.l!en rar'SJiy over the
••tithprn of the pacific Coast. A markeJ
vlorrn is p*j=s:r.f youihward over th« Rocky
Mfuntar.i and fnow i, fallin? in Wyoming
crd nn.:ul)ly in Northern Colorado.
Kr.ir weather prr-ails Rereraiiy in California.
bOI th°rt> are indiraiior.s thai a xl;an^e -win ]
"h* ' tenr'»erature ha* fa?le.r- 1" (Je^rcen in!
: :tali and Idaho er.d 2y dejrfees in Wyom'-ris. '
'"aliiornia there hc» been y«ut Httie chanse. j
..Fi»rec«pt made at San Francisco tor thirty 1
l.i- urs emlir.7 midnii:ht. f»ctober P.C:
N'prthern «"a!ifr>rnla — F?.Jr Friday, xvith frrrh
r-rthean wir.d». ohanfnnK t-« w«tthc«.Fterlv;
1. ff:b!y rain by Friday c'.plit in eitrcrce north
ern portion.' ¦
Southern <>!iforn'a — <1oudy Friday; fre?h
r". nt^v.vM wiridF.
-rc«>\(!t<ia~<Tcudy Friday; continued cool
*»eat!if r.
Saa rrani^n and \ ;• infty — Fair Friday, be- I
rominit el'udy a; ni^ht and pos»ib!y lijrhtraln:
li^ht northeaM wlnie, t-hangiBR to *outhea.st
eriy,\ >. G. MADIE,
DlFtrict Forecaster.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 15€i2 35: Pea. $3 25; But
tet-F. $3 25; small White, S2 OO^.J 25; large
Whit*-. $2 3&S2 50; Pink. %2 1562 40: Red,
$> nOftiS; Lima, $2 73#2 00; Red Kidneys, $(;
Blackeye. $2 llKgJ :« uer ft!; Horse Beans,
$1 50<&2; " ' ¦•
.'EtirjS— Brown Mustard. $3; Tellow! Mus
tai-d, i2 75@2 SO; Flax, $1 70C*l SO; Canary,
6(&5%c for Eastern; Alfalfa.' ' 12@13c: ' Rape.
l%CJ-'%c; J Timothy. tiSJOV-c: Hemp, 3U©:j%c
per lb; Millet, 3©3%c; "Broom Corn Ssed, $1:0©
23 per ton. - • .: ...
i)RIED PEAS— Orwn, $1 fiOQi per ctl.
Recilpts of Beans were large ajain. being
10,272 sack.*, making 45.550 thus far this* week.'
The market rannot stand uy under this influx
and several descriptions are still lower, an wlil
be peen. .
Beans and Seeds.
HAY— Wheat, $13®16. with sales of extra
choice at $1C 50; and Oat, $12 50®
15 50r f »at. $12 50@14 60: Wild Oat, $11 500
12 5O; Barley. $10^12 50; Stock. ?9#10; Alfal
fa. $10®H 50 per ton. , . '
STRAW— 40«?C5c ptr bale.
There was no further change In Bran or
Middlings yesterday, and Hay was steady, with
receipts of only 2tf) tons.
BKAN— $20 S0C22 per ton. . ,
• MIDDLINGS— 5V!5 5oiz28 per ton.
SHORTS— 520 0C«j22 per ton.
FEEDSTUKFS — Rolled Barley, ?24©25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26&2«5 50; Job
bing, $27©27 00; Cocoanut Cake, $21(@22; Corn
Meal. -$3C®81: Cracked Corn. $30 50031 50;
Mixed Feed, $22 WXg23 50; Horse Beans, $30©
40 oer ton. .
Hay and Feedstuff s.
$2000 Pacific Electric Ry 5s I«W 75
|.5000 S. F. A S. J. V. bonds 116 CO
Street— ...
40 Hutchlneon S. P. Co 10 00
65 Onomea Sugar Co. b. 10 32 0O
$1C,COO S. P. of C. Cs, (13C3. series A). 102 50
-Afternoon Session.
Board—
70 S. F. Gas and Electric Co 69 00
30 S. F. Gas and Electric Co ....:. 6» 25
* 20 Spring Valley Water Co 39 50
75 Trus. Certlf.. S. F. Gas A Elec. 6>t T5
$1000 S. P.. Cal., Jst "con. Ss (stamped) 1C8 50
$3000 S. V. 4s (2d mortgage) 9U 50
Street —
$2C0O Market-st. ¦ Ry. 1st con. 5s 113 50
5C0C0 Market-st. Cable «5s 118 50
$aOCO S. P. of C. 6s (1912).... 114 50
20 Makaweli 22 CO
10 S. F. Gas and Electric Co 6» OO
81 Pacific Coast Borax 1«7 00
20 Tru». Certlf. S. F. Gas A Elec.. C9 00
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. J • Bid. Ask
4s qr coup...lllttU2Mj Us flr new...l38^136>k
Is qr reg....llHsll:- Us qr coup... 108% 109^
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. '
Ala A W 5s. — — Do 5s .... — 110
Bay CPC 5«. — 103% Do con 6«. — 105
Cal C G 5s. 104% — O W C G 5s — 97>i
Cal C & E g Oceanic S 6s 75 79
m & ct 5s. — 102% Ora C R 6». — 122%
Cal-st 5s ... — — Pac G Im 4s — 8S
C C Wat 5s. — 102% P E Ry 5s.. — 109
E L &, P (is.124% — P ft C H 6a. — —
F & C H 6«. — lift P Sl O R ««.116%-—
Geary-et 5«.. 45 00 Powell-st 6».112% —
H CAS 5«4».101 — ¦ S E GAR 5s-102 103
H C ft; 8 5s. — 100 SF & SJV 58.115 —
Hon R T 6s.lO«iilO8 S It of C 6s.ll2% —
L A Elec 5s. 09 — IS P of A 6s
LARy5s..ll2 113%! (15*010 ....— 16*U
LALCote; — — (1910) ....108%109»i
Do gtd 6s. — - iSPof Cfa
Do gtd Q8.1C2U1Ofl%l (19C%)Sr A.1C2U10234
LAP lem 5s. — lOt i (19fi5)Sr B.iai 105
Mkt-st C 6s. 118 — (1»0«) 104%t0ti
Do lem 5s. — 114 ! (1912) .... — 114»i
NRR of C 6s — 107»i SPt: leg 6s. — 118%
Do 5s :...114 — ! Do stmpd.-10S%10»
N P C R 5s.lO« 10« S P B R fia. — 134
NCR 5s.. — 112 'S V V.' «s..lC5>A10^Vi
X C P C 5s. — ¦ I Do 4s 2dm. 00^100
N S R 5s.. — 100% Do 4a 3dm. 99 —
O G J. H 5s.l07%109 Stkn G&F.Nls 95 102'i
O T Co 6s...H7»ill9 IV G A E 5s. — ;— ,r
- WATER STOCKS.
rontra Costa 41% 45 (Port Costa.. — —
Marln Co . . 61 — - ISo V W Co. SO 39%
. GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3% 4% Sac E G A R — —
Mutual EL.— 11% 3 F G A E. 6S% 69Vi
Oak O LAH. 10% 12 S F Gas. . . . 3 3%
Pac G Imp.. — «— I Stkn G * E. 5 —
TRUSTEES" CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. 68% C9
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.320 —
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Bk.122% - L P & A....1W) -
Anglo-Cal .. — 95 ifer Trust... 232% —
Bank of Cal. — 4M> Merch Ex... — —
Cal Safe Dp. — ICO S F Natlonl. — —
First Natnl. — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S A L. — — Sav & L So. — — '
Hum a A L. — — Sec S«v Bk.40O 500
Mutual Sav. — — Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U.600 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..195 205 (Presidio ....—' 41
Geary — SO |
, POWDER.
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. 40c 75c tKlUuea S C. — 6
Hawaiian C. 44 45 [Makaweli C. 22 —
Honokaa SC 13 13%|Onomea S C. — 3.H
Hutch S PC l»% 10 jpaauhau SC 15Vi IS
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pck.152 151 Oceanic S C. — * 1 ~ ¦".
«'al Fruit As. 94 l«o Pac A F A. 2% —
Cal Wine As. 94 1)4% Pao C Borx.161 - .*~->
' Morn Ins Session.
THURSDAY. Oct. 29—2 p. m.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
Sanitary Reduction Works . . 2 30
Sausalito Land and Ferry.. l»J0O
Sperry Flour Company 27 50 30 OO'
Standard Electric "m 00
Tesla Coal Co 30 00
Truckee Electric 13 25 ....
Union Sugar ............... 22 St* ....
United Ga3 ami Electric 34 30 .'.'.'.
SALES.
Mornlnz Session.
200 Home" b~30 105
Street—
100 Hom« »7^i
1100 Home ICO
250 Plttsburff 13
Afternoon Session. ;
1O> TwentZ-Eight Oil 4 2<>
200 Home 1 Ml
1 COO Independence, b 60 19
ment No. 6 of "He per share on the outstand
ing'capital stock of the company, to become
delinquent December 28.
There was nothing new. either here or In
the Eatt. The. markets are reported . quiet
and poorly • supported «t the Western centers,
with lower prices exnected.' ¦- , -. ¦.„ X
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy.. 12 %e for light medium. 14V»o for light.
15c for extra light, ¦' ISo for sugar-cured and
10o- for extra sugar-cured: : Eastern eusar
cured. Hams, 15Vic: California Hams. 14%c;
Mess Beef. $11 30 per bbl; extra Mess.
$ 12® 12 50; Family, $13313 60; prime Mesa
Pork. 810; extra clear. $25: Mess. *20; Dry
Salted Pork, 12»4c: Pig Pork. $28; Pigs' Feet.
$5 215: Smoked Beef. 15c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7&c per lb for
compound and ¦ &@9V4c for pure; half barrels,
pure, J»i4c; 10-lb tins, a^OlOc: B-lb Una, 10%#
lO^c: 3-lb tins, 10*4@10%c.
, COTTOLENE— One half barrel, najc; three
half barrels. 9%c: one tierce. 9%c; two tierces,
Oc: five tierces, 8;»c per lb.
Provisions.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 60©
4 S5 usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 BO04-6O:
Oregon and Waehingtcn, $3 9^6-4 20 per, bbl
for Family and ?3 00(84 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follow*: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 1'R; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour,
*7; Corn Meal. « 25: extra cream do. 84: Oat
Groat?. ?4 50; Hominy, $1@4 25: . Buckwheat
Flour, $4 50{£4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75;.Fa
rina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $5 50; Rolled
Oats. tbls. $7 25@8 60; In sacks. $6 75@8 10;
Pearl Barley, $6; Split Peas, boxes. $7; Greeii
Peas. $5 60 per 100 lbs. ¦: ; ; - .
Flour and Millst'uffs.
; : - V a»Xh Merifitan— r«cific Time.)
I"!:'-. "Pan francisco. ocl *»— i p. m.
:':-TT* ifo'-lOTinr are the season*! rainfalls to
'ft*:!*, as compared ¦wirh those of the ram> date
]«*(••¦ season «n<l rainfall In last twenty-four
Weather Report.
Cona for money.88 6-16 N YCent 122W
Cons for acct..S8 5-16 Nor A . Western .. 6HU
Anaconda 3^4 Nor AW pfd.... e6
Atchison 69 Ont A Western.. 21U
Atchifon pfd .... 96%! Pennsylvania .... 61%
Bait A Ohio 75 Rand Mines 9H
Canadian Pacific. 122% Reading 23%
Che« A Ohio ;-.. 31 Reading 1st pfd.; 89 .
Chgo O Western. 15U Reading 2d pfd... 31.'
C. M A St P: 144 South Railway... 18%
De Beers ........ L'OH fio Railway pfd.. 77.
Den A Rio Or...: 20% Boothern Pacific '43K
D A.R O pfd.... 60 Union Pacific ....' 74*4
Erte ......... 28tf Union Pac prd... P7
Erte 1st pfd ..;.'. 6fiV4 US Steel ". 14«
Erie 2d pfd ..... 61 US Steel pfd ...81%
Illinois Central... 134% Wabaah ......'....20
Vouls A Nash 104^4 Wabash pfd .../ 34>4
Mo. Kan A Tex.. 17Hl ,
Bar diver, quiet, 2Sd per ounce, Money, 3 Vx
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
BOSTON- STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— jWentnghouse com. 67
Call loans 2%«3V4 Mining—
Time loans ...5 <W5 Adventure 41/
Bonds— Allouez ....'. "" a{1
Atchison 4s .;... 78- Amalgamated " 3s2
Mcx Central 4s.. 6S Daly West ' 3^
Railroads — iBingham . """" Ml .
Atchl«»n 66%'Cal & Hecla 450
Atchison pfd 89% Centennial . ' ' i«y
Boston tt AJbany.248Vi, Copper Range"" 4t2
Boeton & Maine. .170»*! Dominion Coal'" 12
Boeton Elevated.. 104H Franklin ... '" 714
X T. N II & H..185 Ule Royale ..." ««?
Fltchburg pfd ..137 Mohawk ...... " 37
l-'nlon Pacific ... 71% Old Dominion '.' 1041
Mexican Central . 8% Osceola r«
Miscellaneous — Parrot jgit
American Sugar. .114% Qulncy ' j<5
Am 8ugar pfd ...118Vt Santa Fe Copper 2~
Am Tel & Tel. ..124^7 Sarack 95
Dom Iron & Steel. d\t,f Jilty 51/
General Electric. 1.49 Vfcited Copper . 1314
Mass Electric ... 18 United States.... 17
Mui Elec pfd... 77 Utah .. .*. 2714
United Fruit 87 Victoria .......... 2?
U 8 Stlsl. 13% Wlnona 7 2
U 8 Sttel pfd ... 59H Wolverine «o
Adam* Con 12 Little Chief OS
Alice 14 Ontario 2 50
Breece %... 10 Ophlr .ISO
Pruniwirk Con ... 05 Phoenix 07
Comstoek Tunnel.. K^'Potoel -•¦¦> .
Con Ca.1 & V r a 1 00 Savage ".' 17
Horn Sliver 1 ro Sierra Nevada 32
Iron S'lver 1 75 Small Hopes ' 16
LeadviUe Con ... 04 Standard 2 CQ
NEW TORK MINING STOCKS.
Do Zf r*g 108«4; Do I«t inc .... 14
Do 3s coup lOTHi Minn & St L 4s.. 97
Do n?w 4s reg.mv.tl. K & T 4s ... f»S
Do new 4s coup.lSSVj ! Do 2ds 76 '
Do old 4s reg.lll VN'at R R of Mex-
Do old 4k roup.llim '<*o con 4s 7«
Do 5p reg lOlH'N V Cent g 3Ua; 99%
Do r.s coup 102H N J Cent gen 5s. 130 U
Atch gen 4* 101 H Nor Par 4c 102%
Do adjust 4s... 92 i Do 3s 71 Vi
Mlantio «: Um 4s 91 Nor & \V c 4a... J»«U
Bait & Ohio 4S.100T* Or S Line 4s »2
Do S'-is "(1% Ponn conv JU|". fl7«i
Cent of Ga 5e...lO«l Reading Gen 4s. 96>i
Do l»t inc 65 St L & I M •- 5s. Ill'
rhes & Ohio 4'^s.lOlVi Ht L A S F fg 4s. 82
rhl & Alton ?H«. "4 'St L S \V ltsts... 95
1'. n & o new 4v W ; Seaboard A L 4s. "67
;:. M & St P s 4S.101V; Southern Par 4*. 87%
C & N \V on 7».I32 Southern Rr 5s mni
C R I A P 4k.... 75 <Tex & Pac l«ts.'.ll«U
C. R I & P col 5» 74% Tol. St L & W 4s 70
C C C ft S L g 4S 97 Cnfon Paclflc 4S.J02H
fhi Trrm 4s 74 Do conv 4g ....»«vi
f'on Tobacco 4».. 55 Vi -t7 8 Steel 2d 5s 11 14
• •o!o & South 4s. WIVs Wabarh IbU-.. HSU
n * R G 45= 100 I Do Deb B .... 55%
K.rie prior lien 4s. OH (Wheel & L E 4s ' 90
Erie g» n 4« ....Hi M'l* Cent 4s ...."fta'4
F \\ & D C 1 its. 106% Colo Fuel con 7ii
Hock Val 4»it...lO»5%! llVt
SFAX YORK. Ort. 20 —Bond transactions of
the 1,'nited Rail re-ad* cf San Franclsio: lu.000
at 77fc.
NEW TORK BONDS.
]Li & X Uni 4s... ftSfi
V S ref 2s reg. ..107^ Manhattan c g 4B.I03
Do roup 107 i 4,Meic Central 4s.. 73
I>! * Hudson 400 155 Vi 155 * 154
P#l. Lark A West 23S4
Den & Rio O SO) 1SH 1&^ 19
Pen & Rio O pfd 67»4
Erie -5.100 27% 27 27
Erie l«t pfd • €00 6«V ««K C4
Erie 2d pfd :U>0 49«» 49H 49>i
Grvat Nor pfd ISO
Hock Valley 200 72H 72 71*
Hock Valley pfd... 200 82«i MM 81 »4
III Central 131
Iowa Central U»H
Iowa C»ntra! pfd 34
Kans Ohy So IS
KanK City Fo pfd i 30*i
I»ul« A- Kaeh. ¦ Z4OO 101«» 100^ 100>^
Manhattan 1 700 1S4T4 13*t, 1341^
Met Str»«>t Ry 1.300 109'^ 100H lOOif
; Minn St Irfiuls 44
i Mo Pacific 18.^00 JCU 00^ «l
Mo, Kan? &. T II
Mo. Kans & T pfd. 400 "6Vs 36V4 3*
NatRR o? Mcs pfd 8t>4
N Y Central I^fO 119', 11R»i 11S3 4
Ncr * We^twn.... 4<** M M'-»
Nor f-. Wrtt pf<i... 100 SS £« W
Northern P-cuiUtes tw
Ont * Wont 1.500 20*; 204 20%
Penntvlvanli 34.CCO 120', 119*; llft*»
ritts.C.C, & St U t>9
Reading «.3C0 45!i 4t*i 44T,
R^adiiiB 1st pM • 77
Readinff 2d pfd .... 4OO «O 60 »«
Rock Island Co 6.1W 25H 24'4 2* r %
Rock Uland Co pfd K00 W»i 59 T « RO
f I L i S T 65
Ft L & S F let pfd CO
Ft I,tSF £d pfd. r.00 46Vi 41 45»»
St lout. 3 TV 100 13H Ulj 13V4
St I^iuls S \V pfd l"0 32>4 32'.4 31
Pt Paul 10.TO0 13»6i 13SH 138H
ISt Paul prd t 172
ISo Pacific K.*™ « 7 -> 421* 42^
I Po Rt1l»ay 1.400 1S"S, KVi 18
I Fo Railway pfd *•» * 4 ** 7+u f
Tox * Ph.-*«c 2.700 2n 4 2-!H 2^*i
T. ?| I. f W 200 !7»4 17'* 17
V, St I. & W pfd.. ••• -<5
.•r,«n I'aclflc 17.UH) 72% 71<K 71%
» ni«>»i Pacific pfd.. 4CO 85 U £**+ , S5'i
Wabarh 1-100 1« T * W* I 9
Wahash "fd C00 31 32% 32H
Wheel t: Lake Erie ..... 15.
Wis Cential 400 Kit, 1« 1« (
1 TTiceonkfa Ocn pM.. !«• 35» 4 35*i ."5
FxprtE» 'Companies —
Adam* S»
American '.
lnitrd States If-'ij
Welln-Ftirgo • - Co
Miscellaneous—
Amalgamated C3op . 30.000 TA $7% 3S'»
Am Car & F .... 4.4ft» in-; 18> 8 lOlg
Am r*r * F Pfd.. 200 C3*i C5 «:5
Arr Lin Oil , » T i
Amei L Oil pfd 2«
Am L.Toomotiv*' ••• H«> 13*9 '3 13
Am Loto pfd ICO 7«U 7K>i 7«
Am Smrlt & R»f. 400 43 M 42% 43
Am Srr.rlt & U pfd .'. R7U
Am Bucaf Ref 4.303 n. r >»» 114%, 115H
Anncnn<la Mln Co.. 400 . 0««i 03 ftl
Brooklyn Cap T... BOO 35% 84%, ?.*'*
! Coin Fuel Jt Iron... " HSU 31 '31 31^
! Vorombu? * H Coal 200 1O',» 10»,i 10-
I romtolidated Oe»... 1O»» 177 177 I75»A
I General Electric ... 200 150 149 14S "
Irter Paper i : 11
Inter Paper pfd 400 01 * 4 60>« my t
Inter Pump ....... XI
Inter Pumn pfd O
National Biscuit K.".
National Lead 13
N«rth American 73*4
Pacific Mail 100 21- 21 20
i IVoplr'g Gas <500 MM 01 MM,
! l*rersed Steel Car... 6.200 2»> - 2S 2S
1 rrr*re:ri Sterl C pfd 4<W 701^ 70 <K»
Pullman Pal Car 214
Republic Steel 100 7*i 7*4 7«4
Republic Steel pfd. 1.1C0 53 52»i 52»*
Rubber Goods 400 H\i 14»i 14%
Rubber Goods pfd CR'^
Trnn Oal A- Iron. 700 2!»i; 2J»*i 2!»
II S Leather S.«0n st 4 7s; s
t: S leather pfd .. L700 78'4 77% 77»i
r B Rubber 100 fl'i 9^ u'
U S Rubber r>fd 35
T B.St*sl 5.500 14^4 13% 13N,
X' S Steel nfd 17.000 fiO 5!>Vi 5H'i
Wm;pid I'nion 400 S3 S2 B ,ii E2»i
Total »aie(i 273.500 share*.
VNITED RAILROADS OF PAN FRANCISCO.
lifallzstrcct Stocks weaken, with money higher.
¦ Local Securities dull and not materially cJianged.
•Sterling Exchange slightly lower.
Wheat futures lower and Barley firm.
Xo change in Oats, Corn or Rye.
¦Beans continue to decline under large arrivals.
'Hay steady. Bran and Middlings in moderate supply.
• Eggs continue to decline, with stocks increasing.
' Butter and Cheese as previously quoted.
Dried Fruits quiet, Tilth the market easy.
Provisions still dragging and unsatisfactory.
Hogs easy at the decline, with ample receipts.
'JJbcral supplies of Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables offering.
•Quotations for Poultry and Game show no change.
: fresh Fruit quiet, owing to the cool weather.
QHICAOO. Oct. 23. — There was no important
j n«"ws to Influence wheat prices, the only reatum
j of any prominence being the larger receipts at
| Minneapolis, with predictions of still further
i Increased ..arrivals. Opening prices were about
*teady. December being unchanged to V&c lower
at SO*i@SO%c. but with lower prices in all
outvfde market* and continued fine weather
!^h«»re was much selling: early of the December
{ option, and the markVt started on a downward
course. Trading was quiet with the 'fjreater
portion of the business of a scalping nature.
Th» fact that the "deal" still existed at St.
IxhiI.s. restricted speculation and helped keep
down " price*. After December had reached
"$••*<.• toward the middle of the sesslf.n a sll^lu
tally was experienced, due mainly, to reports
of a fair fhlnDln* d«mand, and December
I closed at SO^ig'SO'ic, a loan or J ,*fH»<\
Corn was Uecidedlj' quiet the entire session
and a weak tone prevailed. No special effort
was made to renew the bull enthusiasm of
¦ yesterday, the continued fine weather having
i a bearish Influence en traders. December
closed *se lower at 43?ie.
About the only feature in the trading in
rats was aotne buying of the May delivery by
local traders, but the demand was not sufficient
to prevent a decline In prices along with other
grain*. Outside of this business trading was
very small. Decembrc. closed off >ic at 3&\
Provisions shared with eralns the extreme
dullness, but, considering the surroundings, the
market httd firm. Ix>cal packers and scalpers
were on th'' buying side and cauced a email ad
vance In prices in smite of a decline at the
yards. January pork closed 3c higher, lard was
up 7 l ic and rib? a s^ade higher. , . '
The leading nitures ranted 'as follows:
Arttc'.eis — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wtuat No. 2—
i December RO"<t SOT* 73;j, KO%
• May 79% 7»% 70 79*i
i Corn No. 2 —
I October *W»
! I member *4'i *H S + ; l l & * ; *v»
May 43*g 43;*, 42?i 43
Oats Xo. 2 —
October •"•'Mi
December ...... S«U -36V» :!5»i - 3fi .
I May 36JiJ . SOT* 36^, Z«';»
M»>:s Pork p^r bbl—
Octob-r 11 43 11 4fi 11 45 11 4T»
January 12 12Vi 12 1ft 12 12«4 12 15
'May 12 20 12 "M 12 20 12 25
i I^ard, kt 1C0 lbs —
1 Octobt-r « SO ¦ 0 52^3 .0 50 « 52^
3*n\x*ry « S3 « 72V ¦« «5 0 72"^
May .." «5 70 0 T7»£ 6 70 ti 77H
Short Ribs, per 1f4) lbs—
Januarj" '"• 30 •' 3 s •' :!0 « 35
May . ." . *> 42 l i tl i'V^ «i 42 'y t» 45 "
Chicago Grain Market.
NEW TORK Oct. 28.— FLOUR— Receipts.
224,150 barrels; exports. 28,165 barrels. Quiet
and steady.
WHEAT— Receipt*. 77.050 bushels; exports.
103,625 buahels. Spot ea«y. No. 2>ed. 87%c
elevator; No. 2 red, 8794c f. o. b, anoat; No.
Dtiluth. filTsc f. o. b. aHoat; No. 1
hard Manitoba, nominal f. o. b. Afloat. Op
tions were dull and easier all day, closing %c
lower. May closed S3&c; December clostd
86*4 c
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Firm.
COFFEE — Spot Rio steady; No. 7 invoice.
6c; mild, steady; Cordova. 7^@12c. The mar
ket for coffee futures closed steady, net ' 6<glO
points higher. Sales. 110,750 bags. November,
6.30<g5.S5c; December 5.50@5.65c; . January,
6.MX55.60c; March, p.50@5.65c; July. 5.95<&
6c; September. «. 05®$. 10c.
ETJGAR — Raw steady; refined steady.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The- market is
firm: common quoted at 4@5V&c, prime at -Vs
©Cc. choice at 6%@«?iC and fancy, "c.
PRUNED— Quiet; fair demand for export ac
count. Prices range from S\ic to '-c for all
grades.
APRICOTS— Are not In large supply and
with demand fair rule firm. Choice are quoted
at ft'tSO'-jc choice 10Hc and fancy at lift'
12%cc. .
PEACHE£~F1rm; choice are held at 7@7%e;
extra choice at T?;g$Vt<-; fancy at 9H@10',*c.
New York Grain and Produce.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
WHEAT— Chicago continued : to decline,
losing %c. : There was no -noteworthy new3
from the Eastern j markets except that Minne
apolia reported Wheat moving more freely, as
farmers' deliveries were showing a marked in
crease. V . . '/ ¦ ' ¦¦¦' ... .. v .
Futures here' were lower. : Cash 'Wheat stood
as before.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 4001.45; California
White Australian, $1 50@l 55;- Northern Club,
$1 4001 42 V4; .Northern Blue Stem. $1 60®
1 55; Oregon Valley. $1 4001 45 per ctl.
FUTURES.
-.Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
• - : O Op-n. High. Low. _ Close.
December ..\%\ 43* ?1 «$£ *} f. $1 43
May ....;... .1 40% 1 *0?g 140 I 40
t 2 p. m. Session.
No sales.'
BARLEY— Futures i were . dull again. Cash
Feed was firm, with sales at the top quota
tion and sellers Irylng to get an advance.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 13%©1 16V4; SWPPjg* and Brewing. "
$1 20(gl 22^; Chevalier, $1 20@l 45 for fair to
choice - futures. ::
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m, -.
D«»c?n-.ber — $1 13%.
OATS Are steady snd unchanged, with - a
falr'demand for- local account.
White $1 20«182V4; Black, $1 40@l 62 W;
Red Jl 2J@1 25 forleed and $1 25© 1 35 for
seed'; Gray. $1 22>i®l 2T>4 per ctl.
CORN The market continues neglected and
weak Western sacked, $t 30(51 32 Va for
Yellow $1 S0O1 32Vi for White and $1 30 for
mixed ; - California large Yellow. $1 3 Hgl 40;
small round do. nominal; White. $1 35<31 40
per ctl. ., •
RYE— $1 20S1 30 per ctl. ,
BUCKWHEAT-12 2562 50 per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
64 per cent. Th« rate of discount in th» open
market for ehort bills is 3% per cent and for
three, months' bills 3% per cent.
Of course you haven't felt the thrill yet, for the new "whizzers" have
not yet reached San Francisco. But they are coming— coming fast now
— and next week the town will be full of them. And if vou don't know
what a "whizzer" is like it is a foregone conclusion that you will buy the
next Sunday Call, which willprint two full pages telling you all about
them— where they come from, why they are here and where the> are
going and, best of all, what keeps them always in such a tremendous
hurry, and why they sing so as they go. Indeed the new "whizzers"
will simply fascinate you.
Almost as remarkable as the "whizzers" is the new artillery drill now
performed by Uncle Sam's boys in blue stationed in the West. Just
think of seeing a battery of light-artillery go clattering and bumping
over the ruts of a stubble field and after careening madly around a shock
of new-mown hay come into action, shoot holes into a dense fog and
knock into the kneeling figure of a man four miles awav.
which they could not see by a good two miles. And yet it is not so much
what they do as the way they accomplish such remarkable shots that
makes the new, field drill truly wonderful. Just see the pictures in the
next Sunday Call.
And still there is more to interest you. For instance, there is the
third installment. of the "Golden Fetich," which tells vou more of the
Africa of to-day than has been revealed by any explorer since the great
Stanley gave his discoveries to the world. Then there is "The Cough in
Lower Seven," by Frank H. Spearman, which is as fascinatingly myste
rious as the title itself, and — but of course you know what excellent
railroad stories" Spearman writes. Then there are the "Me-ows of a
Kitty," clever, witty, charming little bits that you will quote to all vour
friends — and yojur lover. And the "Drawing-room Gowns for Winter";
and the beautiful "Child ModeL" (This is a full-page picture that will
make the same strange appeal to you that it does to everyone else who
has seen it.)
But— and here is genuine news for you — do you know about the big
golden jubilee of the Catholic Church that will be celebrated in this
city next Sunday. It will be one of the most notable events in all the
history of the church in this State. This article has been written
specially and exclusively for the Sunday Call.
*1 AVE you ever seen the new "whizzers" and felt the almost mad-
L— \ deninjr thrB^of seeing them ko flying by like meteors? The
X'- I sensation is strange beyond description, as strange as the new
%y "whizzers" themselves.' which are monsters of the most freakish
sort — monsters the like of which never were seen before. And how they
sing as they go! And with what terrific speed they cleave the air! Just
think of annihilating distance at the rate of less than a mile a minute!
That is how the "whizzers" go. Long, lean and low like a gray wolf
some of them are, while other's speed on their way like ghostly wraiths —
but with such catapult swiftness that the senses are first bewildered and
then intoxicated. It is a sensation that nobody ever escapes. If you do
you will be as superhuman as the new "whizzers" themselves.
Sterling Exchange Is slightly, lower. >
8terllng Exchange. 60 days.. — $4 82»4
Sterling Exchange, sight". — 4 B&M
Sterling Exchange., cables — 4 86^,
New York Exchange, sight. — ' . , O2fc,
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 05
Silver, per ounce <. ... ••• .-— 60ft
Mexican . Dollars 47 48
Exchange and Bullion.
The Wonderful "Whizzers."
The market for everything under this head
continues quiet, with prices easy,
FRUIT — Apricots. "4j8%c for Royals and
9@ 10c for Moorparks: Kvaporatad Apples, 4$4
©5>Ac; sun-dried, 3^(54c; Peachis. 4^@6Hc;
Pears, 6@10c; Nectarines, 4«5>.ic: Figs, white.
4@49^ In boxes; black, 4 Vic- Plums, pitted.
6&8q per lb. . , ' . -
PRUNES— 1903 crop, 2&@3c for the four
sizes. -
RAISINS — FV o. b. oriels, Fresno," for 1903
crop: OO-tb boxes— Loose Muscatel, 2-crown.
BHc per lb; 3-crown, 5*fcc: 4-erown. 6Vac; Seed
lees Muscatels... 4 He: do floated, 4'.«ic: un
bleached Sult&nas, 4 He; Thompson's Seedless,
t>Mc. London Layers — 2-crown, $1 25; 3-crown,
$1 35; 4-crown clusters, ?2; 5-crown Dehesas.
$2 .10; 0-erown Imperials, $3; Malaga Loose, 2
crown, 5c per lb:do 3-crown. 6%c; Valencia
Cured. 4V*c; Pacific do, 3%c; Oriental do. 2%c
Seeded Raisins — 16-oz. packages, fancy. 8e per
lb:. choice. ; 7 Tic; 12-ox. packages, fancy. G%c;
choice. 6>ic; in bulk, fancy, 7%c; choice. 794c
NUTS— Walnute, No. 1 softshell, 13%c; No.
2, llUcr No.l ' hardehell.T 13c; No. 2, lie;
Almonds, lie for Nonpareils, lOftc for I X L,
lO',4c for Ne Plus Ultras and 8%c for Langut
doc: Peanut*. #<& 7c for Eastern: Pecans, 11®
13c; Cocoanuts, 44 50@5; California Chestnuts.
10@l5c per lb. , ¦
HONEY — Comb, new, 12614c for white and
0@llc for amber; new water white extracted,
J>Vj©t5c; light amber extracted, 4>-j@5>$c; dark.
4®4Vic. ;
BEESWAX~27@2fic.
Dried FruitSjNuts, Raisins, Honey
chest; large berries, $1 5O5J3 for Mallndas and
$3@5 for the other varieties.
. RASPBERRIES— $3 MHsSoer. chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES^-8@0c per 1b.
CRANBERRIES — Cape Cod. $» 80 per bblt
Coos Ba".$2 50<g3per box. •.-¦_,
- AFPLE3 — 90c©$l 25 p$r box for fancy, 50$
85c for good to choice and 25@40c for common.
PE\R8— Bartletts; nominal; .winter varie
ties, 40076c per box for common and 75c9
$1 2B for Winter Nellls. \ :
• QUINCES — 10©60c per. box. V
FIGS— 5O@75c for drawers and single layers
and $l-for double layers.
POMEGRANATES — 50©75c for small boxes
and $2@2 60 for large. '.. .
PERSIMMONS— 60cg$l per box or crata.
PLUMS — Coe'B late red. 5O@63c oer box. •
GRAPES— 25© 40c for ' small boxes. 6Qg65c
for crates and 76c6$l25.for large open boxes;
Wine Grapes, $1S@21 per ton for Zlnfandet
and $14(S1<5 tor other varieties.
••MELONS — Cantaloupes, 60c(3'$l per crate;
Nutmeg Melons. 40©85e per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $2 5002 75 for
fancy Valencias, $2<B 2 25 ' for choice and $1@
1 60 for standard; I-emons. $1©2 50 per. box;
Grape Fruit, $1 60@2 60; Mexican Limes, $4®
4 SO; Bananas. $1@1 75 per . bunch for Ha
waiian and $2@3 for Central American; Pine
apples, 52'g2 SO per : dozen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 30^ 1903.
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
WASHINGTON,
, .TACOMA. Oct. 29.— WHE*' r -XLower. v . Blue
¦tern, S2c; Club, 76c. . IBfflfiBWBHfflS
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
13
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
;CLOSE OCTOBER 30.
The Call's 'Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close on October
30, 1903, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
fail to place their order im-
mediately.
This splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low . rate of
fifty cents per copy. Out of
town orders twenty cents ad-
ditional to cover prepayment si
transportation charges.THE 0 CALL
JOHN X». S7SECKELS, Proprietor.
litres ccmiaiiicaigia to JOM KflADGHT. Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con
nect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 SteTenson »t.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week, 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 6 Cent*.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage (Cash With
Order) :
DAILY CALL (indud. Sunday). 1 year.. .$8.00
DAILY CALL Undud. Sunday). 6 mos... 4^00
DAILY CALL —By Single Month «5c
H'NDAT CALL. 1 Year 2.50
"WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year iJ 00
f Daily ..$8.80 Per Year Extra
FOREIGN J sundsy.. 4.13 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. \ Weekly.. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copies will Le forwarded when re
quested.
Mill mbeerfbers in ordering change of ad
dress *hould be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
MIS Broadway Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY OFFICE. ,_ .. —
51 «S Center Street Telephone Nora it
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MCRTON E. CRANZ 1408 G Street, N. w.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS: ''
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
Ur.Icn Square; Murray HU1 Hotel; Flfth-rre
nue Hotel and Hoffmin House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palirer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS....Marquette Builds;
(Long Distance Telephone, "Central 2619. )
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BC8XKE8S OFFICE of the Sao Francisco
Call, corner Market and Thfrd streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
C27 Moi.tgorcery street, corner Clay; open un
til 0:30 c. m.
MO Hayes street: open until 9:80 p. m.
«» McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. in.
•13 Larkin street; open until 8:30 p. m.
1841 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261. Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
untl 1 0 d. re.
10« Eleventh street; open until 8 p. m.
1096 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets:
open until 9 cm.
Northwest corner cf Twenty-Recond aad
Kentucky street*: open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore gtre*-t: onen until 9 p. rn.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER V30. 1903.
14
HELP WANTED MALE-— Continued.
A— MURRAY A READY, 634-636 Clay St.
Phone ; Main 6848. '.- ¦
Leading. Employment and Labor Agents.
1002 We Gave'- 1903 We'll Give
45,000 Men Work. 60,000 Men Work.
• : ARIZONA '
V OREGON. NEVADA.
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe systems; free
pass - ¦ .
On Every Train.
Section hands, muckers, drillers, extra
gangs, teamsters, hammersmen.
3 ¦ Stables, Farms, Orchards, Dairies.
Farm and orchard hands, $30. $35, $40 .1 d. ;
milkers. $30 to $50 found.
Stablemen, city and country Jobs, $30 to $60.
365 woodchoppers.
287 tlemakers.
COOKS. WAITERS. PORTERS.
Cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mln«s and
• ranches, city and country. $30 to $70 found.
Waiters, city and country, $25 to $45 found.
. Butchers, different job*. $40 to $90 found.
• * LOCATED EVERYWHERE.
Laborers and teamsters, city' and country.
many in San Francisco, $2 25.
fl slack coopers, 9c; 5 cabinetmakers.
Cook and wife, country hotel, fare paid, $73.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
ALL FREE FARE *
BIG GOOD SAWMILL COMPANY.
Donkey boss, $ 100.
[2C laborers, you'll tult. $35 to $85 found.
'20 woodsmen. $.'^> to $90 found.
MURRAY A READY. ti-'U and 636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS.
?r carjier.ters to tull.1 large sawmill. $105,
boss at our office ti- day.'
1C carpenters, flume .work $15.
MURRAY A KEADY 634-636 Clay st.
OREGON. COAL MINERS. FREE
COAL MINERS. OREGON. FARE.
MURRAY A READY, 634-636 Clay st.
special!
Walter, 60c fare, hotel, $30 found.
Cheesemaker and milker, country. $40 found.
4 woodchoppers. free fare. $1 10 cord.
3 Jackscrewers, free fare. $50. found.
T!-n.ster, 2 horses, city $2 60 day; boy.
bakery. $15; married milker. $40; 3 wood-
choppers, $4 cord; farmer and wife, Colusa
County, $50 found.
I'uremnn dairyman, wife cook.
Baker'* helper. 10c fare, $30 found.
Grocery clerk. $60.
Gardener, vegetables and flowers. $40.
2 cooks, same hotel, country. $80.
2 line pullers. L. Co., north, (40 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
AT THE CAL EMPLOYMENT~AGENCY,
. C9 Third st.. nr. Call bldg.: phone Bush 405.
FREE FARE -
NEVADA NEVADA.
RENO, GOLCONDA, RYNDON.
10O laborers, $2 a day; S. P. R. R. Co.'a own
work; board ?4 50 a w,eek. *
. SPECIAL TO-DAY^CARLOAD TO
RENO.
CARPENTERS.
Big sawmill company, new mill, 5 carpen-
ters, rough work, $3 60 a day.
4 men for rock quarry. $2 25 a day.
CHICO. BUTTE CO.
Half Rate Fare. $2 80.
12 teamsters, <2 50 a day.
10 laborers, $2 25 a day. ,
15 teamsters. $75 a month.
Ship to-day; fee $1.
CAL^ JEMP. AGENCY. 69 Third St.
SCANDINAVIAN man about place. $35 and
found; milker, $40 and found; fruit farmer
and wife, $45 and found; married man to care
for Dlace, $55; laundryman for country, $45
and board; young man for hunting club, $25
and found: woodchoppers, $1 60 cord; quarry-
man, $2 25 day; laborers, $2 day; boarding-
, house cook. $40 and found; night cook. $9 a
week; cook and wife. $50; waiters and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
AT S. F. EMP. BUREAU, 17 Fourth st.
• Reno, Nevada, free fare, ship to-day.
Laborers and rockmen, city, $2 25 day.
Lumber pliers, northeast, $1 60 and fd.
Swampers, tspool tenders, timber fellers.
2 'Tough carpenters, lumber company, $2 fd.
Call and see us, boys; new Jobs.
Dally papers on file. All welcome.
We guarantee all our positions.
S. F. EMP. BUREAU, Phont Grant 26.
AT "E. A B." R. R. Labor Agency. '
638 Commercial st.
Free Fare — Free Fare.
60 tunnel men. $2 50 to $3 day. • ,
60 muckers and drillers. $2 to $2 60 a day.
100 laborers, $2 a day.
. Long Job; eight months' work.
Free fare — Ryndon, Nevada.
"E. A B." R. R. LABOR AGENCY.
- 638 Commercial et.
A YOUNG man or boy as porter for a store.
• $9 a week, no board or room; a groom for a
private stable, must be young and have ref-
erences. $35, board and room. MISS PLUNK-
ETT, 425 Sutter St., near Powell.
A BOY to work extra on a lunch counter; $1
day; see party here this morning. MISS
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st.. near Powell.
MANAGER wanted at once to represent and
advertise an old established house of solid
financial standing; salary $20 weekly; ex-
penses paid in advance each Monday by check
direct from headquarters; permanent posi-
tion and good chance for advancement; gcod
references and security required. Box 271,
Sacramento. Cal.
BRIGHT young man as bill clerk In wholesale
grocery business; good penman and accurate
at figures; state age, experience and wage*
expected: references. H. L.. box 2669, Call.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
toled when you can get It done for 25c. 30a
and 60c. while, you wait at 6K3 Mission st..
bet. Ut and 2d ets.. or 11 Third st. ?
1 LITHOGRAPHIC trensferer* wanted: perma-
. nent Dosltlons for good men. | BULMAN
BROS., Winnipeg. Canada.
MAN for country; must understand milking,
care of horses and garden. Apply after 0 a.
¦n., 005 Market St.
A — SEAMEN for deep water sailing ships.
W. B. SWEARS. Pacific Mall Dock, x -
BOY wanted at jblb ROSENBERG'S, 816
Market et.
I CASH boys wanted! Apply at S. N. WOOD A
CO.'S. 817 Market at.
BOYS wanted for general work in store.
MARKS BROS.. 1220 Market St.
ACTIVE boy of 16 or IS for wholesale- house.
Box 775. Call.
WANTED — An experienced salesman for the
road. WIESTER A CO.. 22 Second st.
BOOTBLACK wanted 'for barber shop. Cross-
ley bldg.. Mission, and New Montgomery sts.
BRIGHT, Intelligent boy for office. Apply su-
perintendent's office. Emporium. . r- 'i
LUNCH waiter wanted. 21 Mission st.
' YOUNG man as apprentice to window dresser.
Apply superintendent's office. Emporium.
STRONG, neat youth for stock department.
Apply superintendent's* office. Emporium.
CASHBOYS. Apply superintendent's office.
Emporium. . ; •
i FIRST-CLASS paying barber shop for sale.
Call at 132 Pacific et.- : -44^5^>^Ssi
- — ¦
; WANTED — A bedmakcr at SCO Howard st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday;
no student. 10CG Mi'pion st., cor. Sixth.
GOOD tailor wanted for bushellng. 827 Sutter
st., near Leavenworth.'
SHOE salesman wanted. Call at 20 Sixth st.
BARBERS — 2-chaIr shop on transfer corner;
snap. 1 U Polk st. ¦ ' : -
BARBER shop for sale; 2 hydraulic chairs.
Address box 144, Yuba City.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 60 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
expreas or mall chrgs. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
AN Al oil around dry goods man; must be ur.
[ to date, of good ' personal appearance, sober
1 and able to manage a dry goods depart-
i ment; permanent position - worth from $150
I to $200 per month; references must accom-
| .pany applications. , Address box 2662, Call.
' A GOOD position Is offered to a reliable man
j -who. han a 'large acquaintance among prop-
erty owners; If a good nollcitor. he can build
up a good paying business with a responsible
Eastern ¦ company. Address P. O^ box 2C94.
MEN to Irarn barber trade; only 8 week3 re»
! quired; special offer this month; catalogue
. antf full Information mailed free. MOLER
SySTEM^ COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
i WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
I that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor has
added 100; new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third st.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
EXPERIENCED cutter; good salary; steady
position for right man.-- Apply S. N. WOOD
A CO.. 740 Market st. ' -
WANTED— Trustworthy , man for light : work;
¦ steady place; good wages: must put up $150
cash." Inquire 55 Third st., room 1.
YOUNG man: who knows the city to earn hlj
: education In - a business '-• college. California
Vll'-sSrets College. - . . "
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.; 14
years', practice; refererces from thousands ot
: persons for. whom I have secured pensions.
BOY, about 15 years; of age for men's furnish-
t ing. store; : references."-' Address box 736, Call.
¦ COATM AKER. • for 1 country. Apply REISS
j BROS. &¦ CO.. 24 J Sutter st.
BARBER shop for sale. . 8 City Hall square. •
1 BARBER trade taught : In 5 weeks. Address
I W. \ C.,, B.. ¦ 647 Commercial st. '.
BARBER . shop . for sale; good business. " 1303
'. Harrison st.^ near, Tenth. ; ,, i .. ' ; •
BAILORS and ordinary veamen for Europe and
.Australia. HERMAN'S. 23 Steuart st. <
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. L K.
T.— Regular assembly THIS EVEN- ffB'
ING at 7:30 o'clock. Order of Temple. K3
All fraters courteously Invited. \f
THOMAS H. BROWNE. Commander. ¦
T. L. HENDERSON, Recorder.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 13«. F. and A. M, <^
Masonic Temrle. meets THIS EVEN-^QT
• ING. 7:30 o'clock. Second degree. /»'
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
UNITY Lodge No. 131, I. O. O. F.. .^aBKS^to.
«:'.l r*y a frfltrrral v>it to Mi*- jVtf>^B83fc
sion Retxkah l^if So. 22.V I. O. ~£z$$%S*£&
O. F.. 231«» Mis*icn st.. on the <*m*x^
evening of SATURDAY. October 31. Bring
families and friends.
F. H. HOLCOMB. N. G.
E. H. ANDREWS. R. S.
PHESIDIO Lodge No. 334. I. O. O. jj^CSKSftfe.
F.— Initiation THIS 5 'FRIDAY)
EVENING. October 3a ViMtors^s^rgJjg*?
fAMl'EL SEVERLING. N. G.
W. H. SHARPE, Sec
S A P.GENT Lodgf No. 368. I. O.
O. F. — General rrllef ¦--mmltfe jjffi^ijjhfSfc
will make '•- a :rst>-ir.;il vii«it -^T^^5^r
THIP (FRIDAY) EVENING.
Visiting members welcomed.
JNO. W. BROOKS, N. G.
GEO. W. DIXON. Rec. Sec.
EIRKKA Lod~e No. 9. K. of P.. 909
Mat ket ft., meets THIS (FRIDAY) *»J2>V
. EVENING— Knight rank (long
(orm). ViFiting brothers cordially In- J&feZir
vtttd. By order
FRED KLEIN. C. C.
J. W. C. BEATTIE. K. of R. and S.
FAN FRANCISCO Tent No.
IV K O. T. M.— Review AJl!f-^--ife\
THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- Z7J3 0 V>SS
ING at 8 o'clock. Pioneer ?*i
Hall. 24 Fcnrth «t. W2? <F -VijirW
D. R HICHARDS. VttT^S^i/
Record Keeper. WSjyjiB^
THE San Francisco Scottish Thistle . C7 >».
Club will hold us 22d annual Hal-^, raaj i
lomten ball. FRIDAY EVENING. >iWxV* :
October 30. l»03. at Lyric Hall. "**S3 l <fc !
lltt Eddy et. Everybody welcome, a k*1* {
time atsured to all. Good music. Grand .
march at S:30 p. m Admission 'layable at
door). 25 cents. Hat and cloak ro m> at •!!»-
ix>sal of sneets.
GEOHGE W. MILLER, Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON. Recorder.
ATTORNE Y S-AT-LA W.
„. ADVICE FREE. ~~~~
OLD ESTABLISHED.
COLUMBIAN LAW & COLLECTION AGENCY
Able attorneys. Rm. 85. 91« Market, opposite
Emporium. Bad tenants ejected speedily and
reasonably. Collections, no matter how small,
attended to; attachments; bonds furnished; cor-
porations organized; civil and criminal practice.
Tel. John t>22ti. Open evenings by appointment.
W* solicit an Interview with you.
THE LEGAL~ADVISORY.~Inc! '
Practice In Federal and all State courts.
Attachments, divorce, mining, bankruptcy,
prosecutions, adjustments, corporations, pat-
ents, estates, probate.
Experienced and Rellsble Attorneys Engaged.
Advice guaranteed. Correspondence solicited, i
611. 511 A. 51 IB CroMley Bldg. Tel John 2926.
N. E. Cor. New Montgomery and Misaion Sts.
ADVICE FREE. ESTABLISHED 22 TEARS*
Divorces a Specialty. Private. Quick.
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
O. W. HOWE. Atty-at-Law,
1122 Market «.. between Mason and Taylor. !
Nearly opposite "Hale's" Dry Goods Store.
ROBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.. '
room 611: all canes, damages, estates, wills. I
attachments, collections, etc., consultation
free; no advance charges; call or write;
' evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free — I w!H advance co»t In meritorl-
¦ ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
cases: no fees in advance; open every even-
lng. J. M. THt'RSTOX. S19 Market St.. r. 31.
DIVORCE costs $12: open evenings: tenants
ejected. $5. C18 Market, r. 62. phone Black 651.
A. M. EWING — Attorney-at-law. Room 612,
Parrott building; phone South 655.
DIVORCE^ — Cost*. *12; quick, quiet; open even-
Ings. 827 Market St.. room 301.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg. 927 Mar-
ket si; consultation free; no fees In advance.
AITKEN A AITKEN, attorneys, rs. 309-10-11
Clunle bldg.. f.03 California st.; tel. Main 727.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful; all
law buflnes*. W. W. Davjdeon. 927 Market.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
FOR sale— Furniture, carpets and' good^ wliTof
a new brick apartment-house of 175 room*
in the city's eweilest locality; partly fur-
. niched, and althogh Just opened la over half
filled with regular tenants already; long
lease; if you want an apartment house don't
fall to get particulars of this at rooms 1401
and 1405. Ctli building.
FOR sale— Cheap; grocery store, fixtures, safe
etc ; formerly owned by FHrpatrick A Ward-
well stocked; old-estab!lrhed bueinees- good
opportunity: southwest corner of 24th and
Khotwell »t«. Apply D. A. CURTIN room
£4. third floor Mills building. xwi * >1 ' room
MOVING, transfer and expreas business; the
entire plant; 3 wagons, large passenger bu«
3 sett of harness, moving tools, etc: eetab!
14 years. Mission E. A. B. Co.^lgta Valencia.
BRANCH bakery: mutt *ell this w~)c- r~«ke.
an offer. MOSSMAN. Examiner bldg..' 41L
FOR ssle— OId-e«tabli£hed efiootlug T gaJlery-
price $150; bargain. 33 Turk st. B>uleiT '
MORNJNO paper route In Oakland; good loca-
tlop; bargain. Box 841. Call office. Oakland.
$1400— HOTEL with good bar trade In good
country town near Oakland. P. c. Lasskn
A CO.. 460 Tenth St.. Oakland, Cal.
A BARGAIN— Photo studio; central location:
other business demands my attention; no
time for tnuers. Address box 750. CalL
f750 — DELICACY store: , select rooming dis-
trict: 2 living -rooms; owner called away.
Box T6O. Call.
WOULD like to buy part Interest or whole In
a good-paying business; small town or coun-
try; rive particulars. Dox 2651. Call
EALOON— Well established saloon for -sale.
Apply SE. corner Eighteenth and Capp sts.
JT>R sale — Rectaurajst and oyster house. 108
Seventh rt.; soing la another business
HBALD'S School of Mines & Electricity, 24 Post
St.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
icHOOL^OF ILLUSTRATION .Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Nightjslass.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar., writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mlssion.nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES^ ~
GEORGE~AOKI. 421 -Post st. ; tel. Bush 135 —
Japanese-Chinese' employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc
A— ORHHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 6752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415
Stockton; tfel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
IF you want Japsneee help advertise in The
New World, Japanese daily paper, 353 Geary.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best' help at
Leon Seung's, 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 420.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flee: all kinds help. y 315 Stockton; Main 5183.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY A CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
BRIGHT, well-educated young lady, with,
knowledge of typewriting and good penman,
desires position in business house, doctor's
office or reception-room; references. Box
774. Call office.
ELDERLY woman wishes position at general
housework; good laundress; reliable and hon-
est. 2252% Enclnal ave., bet. Oak and War-
ner sts.. Alameda. . i^
A YOUNG woman with good reference for
housecleanlng would like Sunday work in of-
fice; $3 day for Sunday; Saturday. $1 60 day.
Call by letter 505 Ellis St., in rear.
GIRL wants place as housework or chamber
work In hotel; best reference: good pay.
Please call at 2229 Fillmore st. to-morrow.
GOOD strong woman wants washing or any
kind of cleaning by the day or week. Box
2667. Call. ¦. '__
A STRONG woman wants washing or any kind
of housework by the day. Address L., 440
Cortland . ave.
YOUNG woman would like position to do all
kinds of housework by the day. Call or
write to 620 Bush St., room 31.
A YOUNG married woman would like a place
I . to do Hjrht housework; country. Box 776, Call.
' A COMPETENT woman nurse would care for
; sick or invalid; terms reasonable. 636 Turk.
! A NEAT, reliable American woman .wishes
working housekeeping position or cook for
I men; no objection to country. Address
Housekeeper, 278 Turk st.
A YOUNG German girl would like to help in
kitchen and do housework. Please call at
31 Vi Zoe st.. bet. 3d and 4th. off Bryant.
WANTED — By lady, situation In private fam-
ily as nurse for children, companion or maid.
Address K., New Western Hotel, room CC.
j A LADY of experience wants j.osltlon a's nurse;
wages $30; reference given. Box 768, Call.
I ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
; Call Branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
¦ WANT ad« and eubscrlptions taken for The
! Call at Katun's Bazaar, 633 McAllister st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements ana subscription!
received at Call branch office. 22<X> Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertirements and
mibscrtpllons has been established at 1006
Valencia st. • ¦
j EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
A BUTLER (English) with flrst-class city ref-
erences wants a place for the 1st of Novem-
ber. Address But'.er, care MI5S PLUNKE1T,
425 Sutter st., near Powell.
POSITION by a young man of 3 years' general
office experience; thoroughly familiar with
railroad office work; good bookkeeper and
uses the typewriter rapidly; willing to begin
reasonably; only requests a trial. Box 260S,
Call office.
A SMART young Irishman would like a posi-
tion in a wholesale house or any other kind
. of work. Box 4500. Call.
CANDYMAKER wishes situation; both whole-
sale and retail; beet of references. Address
Candymaker. box 2065, Call. . -
YOUNG man of much business experience and
ability as manager and traveling salesman
would like a situation. Box 4410. Call.
STEADY." sober bartender wants work. Box
777. Call. -•.:"•¦ ¦ '
A YOUNG man, college education, wants po-
sition: preferably traveling; Al reference.!.
Box 773. Call. '_
BOOKKEEPER wants place; has had 3 years'
experience on mine books ; ref erences. Box
2061. Call. .
SOBER, steady man desires position in ware-
house or as watchman: good references.
A. R.. 14S4 Fifteenth St.. San Francisco.
NEAT, sober and hustling young man .would
like to get office work of any. kind to do.
Address Box 2057, Call. ¦ -
EXPERIENCED butler desires position as but-'
ler or valet; traveling preferred; npeaks sev-
eral languages; city refs. Box 4497, Call.
YOUNG man. Just arrived from the Klondike.
: wishes work afternoons and ewnlngs; a
rustler: handy : at anything. Box 759, Call.
WANTED — Position ' as assistant bookkeeper,
shipping or receiving clerk; good character.
Address E. M. D., box 2655. Call office.
BAKER foreman on bread or bread and cakes;
city or country. Address 213 Natoma st. '
WANTED — To wash steps, water the garden;
Japanf**-, named George. 1410 Pine st. ;
phone Hyde 171.
.WANTED— A position to help In kitchen by a
good Japanese boy; $10 to $13 per month.
Address KAI. 628. Stevenson st. i
YOUNG Japanese boy, gentle, honest, wishes
position to do housework and general .help in
small family; wages $3 up a week. O.
HATANAKA. 317 Mission. ¦' . . .
JAPANESE neat good cook and competent
wishes a position to do any kind of work In
small family; good references. Address box
7C7. Call office. . ¦ :
1 JAPANESE rood boy. wants position In small
family to do waiting and housework. T. T..
849 Bush st. : ' ,*> < .
JAPANESE, neat, good cook, .wants situation
In private family: wages $30 up." ¦ GEORGE,
Box 2650. Call.: *
HONEST Japanese laundryman wants sltua-
' tion; will helo with housework:' best of ;ref-
erenceg. FRANK YAMAAMOTO. 521 Jessie.
JAPANESE wishes ' a * position as , bar porter.
M.'SAWA. 609 Stockton st. . - .
A GOOD Chinese' cook .wants . position In. a
family. N. M., 21 Brenhami place. ¦¦} '•"¦'':<
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sts."
CLASSIFIED advertisements and • subscriptions
' received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
Fi;R : K J I ' riJliE - , Flt)R^ ? ALE>
NICE household goods; suitable to furnish flat
Of 5. rooms: In storage. 958 Harrison st. Call
/¦ 9 to 12 a. m. lor 2 to 4 :p.;m.\ : ¦• .'-.
A — ELEGANT,' flat of. 6 rooms for sale; cheap.
150 Eday st., cor. Taylor
'•% FINANCIAL. ¦ \ '
4 PER CENT to 6 PER CENT HIGH GRADE
' Municipal, School,' Railroad and Corporation
< • Bonds,
Bank and Trust Company Stocks,
. Belacted for conservative investors.
: Write for information to
HEAZELTON A CQ..
Stock and Bond Brokers.
Hayward Building,
San Francisco. Cal.
REALTY SYNDICATE BONDsT
REALTY SYNDICATE BONDS.
Parties desiring to Invest In these securities
can do so at prices from 15 to 20 per cent be-
low prlco of company. Address SANFORD
FEIGENBAUM, Esq.. attorney-at-law. Safe
Deposit bldg., San Franclsco.Cal.. rms.413-414.
FLATS TO LET.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an lmmensa list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
. trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 246-269 Geary
• st.. on the square.
NEW flat: elegant corner; Hyde and North
Point; consists of C rooms and bath; modern
In every respect; permanent gas range; gas
and electric fixtures; cars pass the door; 12
minutes' ride from downtown; marine view;
rent. $32 60. LYON A HOAG, 116 Mont-
gomery st. ' ,
$30 — NEW upper flat; 8 fine large stmny rooms-
2 toilets'; concrete basement; fine finish. 130
Second ave., near Sacramento, Richmond.
A SUNNY cor. 6-room flat; flrst-claas In every
respect; 3945 17th st.; half block from Mar-
ket; Castro and Elghtenth st. cars.
ALPINE. 173 — New upper flat, 8 rooms, bath;
all modern Improvements ;sun every yom;$25.
$18—287 SHIPLEY, near Sixth— Flat. 6 rooms,
bath;, nice yard; sunny.
ELLIS, 810, xr. Polk — For business purposes; 3
rms.; all conveniences; electric light, power.
NEW flat of 6 r. and b. : cor. 22d and Valencia
gtt.; rent reasonable. D. Coffin. 3303 Mission.
FLATS FOR SALE FURNISHED.
A FLAT of 6 newly furnished rooms; cause
departure: rent $22 50. 315 Gough st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4463,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST price' for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURP, auctioneer. 1818 Mkt.itel.Ho^ard 2756.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
WANTED — Cook, San. Jose. $35, see lady this
morning: 3 nooks, $30, $35; parlor maid, $25;
4 second girls,' $20, $25; nurse, child 4 years,
$25: chambermaid and nurse,- 2 grown chil-
dren. $25: helD in orphans' home, Sacra-
mento, $20; assist private boarding-house,
Berkeley, $25; chambermaid and waiting,
?25; second girl, Frultvale, $25; maid and
seamstress, $25; housework, $30; 44 house-
work girls, city and country, at $20, $25, $30.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT. & CO.. 334 Sut-
ter *t.
A COOK for Santa Barbara. $30. fare paid and
see lady here. Call at MISS PLUNKETTS,
425 Sutter at., near Powell. . 1
TEN waitresses for extra work of 2 hours; $1 a
day; see party here st 10:30 this morning.
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter et..nr. Powell.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish in 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladles, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
A— WANTED — Girls to learn hairdresslng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
rtions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per. week up; leading school in
West. 233 Geary tt.. room 13. /.
A— LADIES to learn all branches hairdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc., 1236 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 'Jones, room 94; positions secuied
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
'F.TERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSART;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS A CO.'S
FACTORIES, 32^ FREMONT PT. AND 1873
MISSION, NEAR FIFTEENTH.
AMERICAN middle-aged -woman for light
housework In small American family; refer-
ence required. 371 Minna st.
WANTED — A young girl to sssist in small
restaurant. Apply Castro and Jersey sts.
RKLIAULE.- energetic lady representative;
city, country; good salary. Box 2604, Call.
GIRL to nwipt at housework; wages $15. 2102
. Golden- Gate ave.
Wanted — Stenographer who can also play piano.
Hoover Physical Culture.. 1839 Fillmore Ft.
RESPECTABLE lady for small office; no ex-
perience; small wages; ref. 473 Valencia st.
20 OR 30 girls to shell nuts. 421 Front st.
CHAMBERMAIDS wanted at the Golden'
West Hotel. 68-76 Bills st.
GIRL for second work. 2344 Sutter st.
BRIGHT, neat, industrious boy or girl. 16 to
20, stenographer deelrlng to study law, for
law office- In country; wages fair. Address
box 20, Call, in handwriting. .-:¦'•.'
WANTED — Experienced .waitresses for lunch
, only; 2 hours. 5Oc. 749 Market St., PURI-
TAN DINING-ROOM. ¦'¦¦¦-..
FIRBT-CLASsT "finishers on ladles' cloaks and
suits at KRAGEN. BAMBERGER A CO.'S,
¦ 4C3 Mission St., fourth floor.
BODICE, pklrt and ¦ sleeve hands. Apply
- dressmaking department RAPHAEL WEILL
, & CO.,' Post and Kearny stsL/ .''-¦¦
GIRL to do light housework and aeslut In tak-
ing care of 2 children; carfare paid. 263
Carl St., near Stanyan. ¦'.'¦;'
CIGARETTE maker* wanted: learners taken;
steady work: good wages. The John Bollman
Co.. corner Front and Pacific sU. - . : •
GIRLS about 15 for factory work:' giod wages.
Apply at once, AMES A HARRIS. 100 Sac-
ramento st. , ' ' . "¦•': -
COMMERCIAL traveler at once. : Box 26C3,
' Call.- : s ¦¦ • , ,; •. ¦ ¦• - . ¦ ¦-. ¦ ¦
A GOOD sewer for comet making; alto experi-
¦ ' enced hand. 503 Powell et. ' . . .
COAT and sleeve hands; .also operator and
stock girl. 110 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
¦•• ' M. O. Barrett.' Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions ' received at
, Call Branch office.' cor. Duncan ¦ A Church sta,
CLASSIFIED sdvertlsements and vibscrlptlons
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore.
A BRANCH office for. Call advertisements and
•'. subscriptions has;: been established at 1008
* 'Valencia' st. • ¦ ¦ ' ¦' ¦ . — . <
J^^^^^LP^WANTJBD^^LR.M^/^
WANTED— For U. Smarmy, able-bodied, 'un-
married men, between ages of 21 and 35, cltl-
. • zens of United States . of good character and
-temperate habits, who can. speak, "read and
v write English.' For. Information ¦ apply to Re-
y- cruittng Of fleer. Rialto s building, n New - Mont-
¦_¦ gomery 8t.,'lSan Francisco, or Masonic bulld-
• ing,' Sacramento,' Cal . ¦ ' ¦•• • • ;•
MISCELLANEOUS FOR^ SALE— Ton\
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launciics.; i
all sizes. J. K. UOAK. 40 Fremont st. \
ASK lor~i)riccsi en second-hand typewriters; a u
makes. ALEXANDER A CO., 110 Monty >
MISCKLLANKOPS WANTS.
I PAY hlzhest Drices for all kinds of cast- oft
clothing r send pcatal. MORRIS. 87O Folsom.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1149 Market St.; phone Jessie 3ill, or pvsta!.
TILTON w«nu good s;cond-han1 clothing and
theatrical goods, m Oth st. : tel. Jessie £C»l
A BIG orice paid for sealskins: send postal.
25 Stookt&n st.; phone Bush 4$4.
nONEV TO LOAJi.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-6U2-6UI Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.: legacies, life, estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY. __!__
INTEREST REDUCE^ TO 5 PER CENT.
DEAL DIRECT; SAVE EXPENSES.
1 will loan on 1st. 2d and 3d mortgages. SAN-
FRANCISCO. OAKLAND. TOWN. COUN-
TRY PROPERTY and REAL ESTATE in
probate; send full particulars of property; no
answer otherwise. Box 2438. Call office.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal; to permanent -salaried people on
their note without security or knowledge o;
employer; lowest rates; no commission. Na-
tional Credit Co.. 63 and 69 Donohoe bulld-
ing, 1170 Market st. _
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtata
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry, at
lowest rates, toaidwtn Jewelry Store. 84<J
. Market St.; tel. Main 1844. Branch. 13 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses. -withouvM
security; easy payments; largest business in \
46 principal cities. Tolman. 653 Parrott bldg.
THE Open Credit Assn. makes advances to re-
sponsible salaried people, confidentially: new
and simple plan: easy Installments. Room
50. Academy of Sciences, 519 Market st.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
nlture. pianos or to salaried people on their
note; proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO.. r. 16. Phelan bid., tel. Main 7lH.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano: no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity :$23 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 7.
M. JACODSEN A CO.. room 621. Emma SprecU-
els Building, loans money on real estate an4
all other securities; confidential; low rates.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.0CO.
MONEY to loan en low Interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
TO salaried people without security: on furni-
ture: indorsed notes and other security. S. K.
. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
YOU can borrow more money on your furniture
than any other place In city; no commission.
€12 Parrott building; ohone South <S55.
ON personal and real property. E. W. LICK.
1GC3 Mutual Savings Bank bldg.. 7C8 Market.
MONEY lo*ned to salaried employes. G. W.
MILLER, room 74, 5th floor. Chronicle bid?.
3% ON furniture A pianos; $15 up; no removal.
V.'TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy St.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 638 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to^
salaried employes. R.311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.^
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORELL. 6CU Examiner bldg.
Mt'SKAL WITRP^^^^^
A LIST of bargains that can't be beat any-
where — Uprlghis: Alexander Allen. $35: Col-
; lard. $37: Hither. $47; New York A Co..
$137; American, mahg.. $137; Klmball. wal-
nut. $147: Mansfield. Notnl. Italiar. wal..
$157; 2 Emtrsons. ebony and burl walnut.
$140 and $100 . ?tet*on, wa>nut case. $t)K>; 2
CJkickerlngs, small size, rosewood case. $18i:
2 Stetnways. small and large upright. $l»9
and $2U0; Singer, small size, slightly used.
$215: H»y"«o, new. damage to case in tran-
sit, $100: Heine, small size, less than 1>»
years eld, put In thorough repair. $163;
Heine. large style. slightly used, $223.
.Squares: Blumfield Otis. $12: W«b*r. $63;
i Stcddard. $25; Stedro*». $*& Rents $2 up.
apply on purchase; installments, $4 up. ;
HEINE PIANO CO.. 25S-237 Geary St.; OakV
laud branch. 13th and Broadway, old P. O.\
bldg. Largest exclusive whole»le and retail \
piano dealers of the West. J
THIS AD IS OCR GREATEST EXPENSE '
We pay no rent, as we own the building-.
The only reason we advertise Is to let you
know we rent the best piano In the city for It
per month. Now we can sell you one Just ti»
¦tnt, Our 'ipfnvs are so very much le«a
than other firms, why not Investigate our price*
and compare notes? Invest 5c carfare and »*.-¦»
from $75 to $150 on a piano. SCOTT-CURTAa
PIANO CO.. 360-62-64 Hayee st.
WE do- not advise the purchase of cheap ptaeos.
as they are seldom satisfactory, but we have
pianos at a medium price that caa be guar-
anteed 10 please the must critical. Our best
fellers are the Behr Bros..- Baumeister and
Echubert. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIO
CO.. 769 Market st.
A FINE lot of second-band uprights from $M
up. including such makes as Chlckerlng.
Vose. Krosger. Curtar. Klrkhasn. Peas*. ,
Hardman. Marshall & Wendell. Baas aal-J
others. BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. W O'Far- J
rell st. No branches In San Francisco.
BAND instruments:' F. Besson. Paris, maker;
Gus Malwald. Agt. Pac. Coast. 273 O'Farrelt:
skillful repairing: 2d-hand Instruments sold.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedel Stetnway upright piano:
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeff.e'a.235 O*Fs.rreU.
A RARE chance; a Hornur.g Bros.' upright;
little used; must be sold. 219 McAllister st.
RARE chance; cash or payments; elegant b!za
grade upright. 16 McAllister st.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whlteheafi's Storage. 163S Market st.
SOHMER. Brron Mauzy pianos. Ceclllaa piano
player. BYRON MAUZT. 308-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, xlther*. eld and new. H.
Mt*LLFH. mi»li«»r. rep»tr*r. 2 Latham nh»e^.
UFPICKS AXU STORKS TO LET.
FOR rent — Large office (over 1C00 square feet)
'in prominent building on Market st. ; modern
In everv particular: will sacrifice to rent at
ence. Rr.im 1024 Hayward building.
PART of front office to lawyer or business man.
f.12 Parrott bids.-, old phone. South 653.
FINE front office to let In The Wiley B. Allen
building. 0S1 Market st. .
STORE with large basemenrf below Kearny
at.; rent $.10. Apply B3W Clay St.. room 1.
PIANOS AND ORGANS.
PART of our list of bargains in second-hand
pianos for September. 11*03:
, Original
Price. Nov.
1 STEINWAY A SONS—
Itoscwocd <ase. large size. 7 1-3
octaves, beautiful tone. In excel-
lent condition $723 1373
1 A. B. CHASE—
Mahogany case, largest size, full
swinging music rack, three pedals. 1
- very latest style, cannot be told . ¦
from a new piano 330 4kMi
1 STEINWAY A SONS—
Walnut case, small size. 7 1-3 oc-
taves, nearly new. beautiful tone.
in fine condition «3S 47a
1 STEINWAY A SONS—
Mahogany cas*. large size. lateet
ftyle. 7 1-3 octaves, cannot be told
from new 730 S2S
1 A. B. CHASE GRAND—
Mahogany case. In perfect condi-
tion, only use:l three month* SCO 878
1 STK1NWAY * SONS BABT
ORANO—
Ebonlzed tase. In use a very short
time and equal to new 850 7M
Alto a large number of square plar.ee
ranging In price from S23 to $23O. and chapel
and parlor organs from $20 to $130.
Complete list furnished on application at
our store. SHERMAN. CLAY A CO..
Corner Kearny and Sutter sts.
PAL. »U STHY.
MME. DEVAS — Scientific palmist and astrolo-
gist. Palm readings $1; 3 QUESTIONS
FREE. Oper* Tuesday eve., also 139 Post st.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. «cienttflo palmist. 3t5
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phone Black 561. '
- I'AI'ERHAXGISC. PA1NT1NO. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $.1 50 up: tinting painting.
Hartman Paint Co.. SID 3d st.; tel. Main 413.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and "residence.
102lVi Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; partlcu-
Ur attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073 »i Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM ' herb~r!octor,
treats all diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo- ,
cated at 667 Geary st.. near Leavenworth. '\A
DR. TONG PO CHY. succe«sor~to~brr LUjd&P
- Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 7«"7 Washington st.
DR. H.:c. WONG. 719 Post St.; 'alTdUeases
cured by Chinese herbs; consultation free.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All «1»^
eases. cured by Chinese herbs. 7W 8 Gay •*•
BUSINESS CHA5CES— Contlnaea, j
BAKERY for sale at 1600 Church i st. ; good ,
business; all store trade; owner going East, j
SUMMER and winter resort for sale. Box I
2B58. Call office. !
PARTNER in flrst-class saloon. Inquire at I
1898 Howard »t. -_ tj
FOR sale— Stationery news business In live
country town. Box 762, Call office. '
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
16- ROOMS, rent $85. good. ........... .$1400 I
36 rooms, new furniture, transient 3500 j
14 rooms, good furniture, rent $90 1100 j
21 rooms, gcod transient 2100 j
17 rooms, i good location 650
11 rooms, steady roomers, rent $30 423
MOSSMAN. Examiner bldg.. 411.
A ROOMING-HOUSE snap; 18 rooms In a fine
location; Just furnished new; If you take It
quick the price will be only $1950; don't
overlook this offer: there's nothing in town
to beat It. Apply H. S. RANSON, 957 Mar-
ket st. ¦ ¦ . •
SPIRITUALISM.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
nod clftir voy eVocc i s t.«imp for c incuts r.
1112 Eddy St.. nr. Octavia; phone Scott 837.
MRS. HARLAND'S circles evenings; to-night,
10c; prophetic readings. 60c. $1. . 14S Sixth.
ALAMEDA— MME. YOUNG* S test meet to-
night. 10c Wigwam. Webster and Central av.
ETHEL CR1NDLE — Materializing seance Frl-
day eve., 50c. 32S Ellis St.; 8 o'clock.
EDWARD EARLE. 1062 Ellis. 'readings dally.
9:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS^ £
MY Regular $3 Readings This Week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE,
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge If I fall to tell you your
name, occupation asd what you called for;
I promise to tell you whether husband, wife
or sweetheart !« true or false: I tell you
whom and when you will marry; in fact, I
will tell you every hope, fear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; I Improve
your character so that you will reach the
highest possible development in mental vigor,
health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth: to you will live happy and contented I
the rest of your life. . Hours 10 a. m. to S
p. m. ; Sundays, 2 to 8. 326 O' Fan-ell st.. aid.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; if you are in trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied in life,, or have do-
mestic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
oveicome them; valuable advice in all affairs
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed ; read-
ings by mall. Tel. Black\45C0.
IfMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St., cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; eend lock of hair, dat* and year
of birth; don't send currency. Send postofflce.
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight; tells the past, present and future;
ladles. 60c; gents. $1; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting; $1 50. 126 Turk st.
MRS. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading, 10c, for
a short time only; when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 721 Franklin, near Turk.
MME. LEE. palmistry and clairvoyant; hours
9-5; evenings and Sundays by appointment:
readings 50c 805 Larkin et.. rooms 17 A 18.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.; L. 60c,
G. $1; hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin st.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th st.. near Market.
PARTHENA, gifted clalr.. Just from East;
wonderful prophetess. 507 Post st.. nr. Mason.
MISS WARD gives names, dates and facts;
hours 10 to 9. 413 Mason St.; no sign.
Mrs. Wyzan, gifted clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium; la. 25c. 1008 Harrison, nr. 6th.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
26 14 Kearny, room 20: ladles 25c; gents 6Oc.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card leader; slt-
tlngs dally. 448% Jessie «t.. bet. r»th and 6th.
C.4RPBT ; BEATING ASD CXEASISO.
.AIR comrrecsed, dry. Ice cold, is now univer- j
sally ueed in canltary cleaning carpets, on j
floor, without removal or injury: prices mod- •
crate. Apply S. J*. COMPRESSED AIR 1
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 5237. j
WHEN you become disgusted with your work '
wnd for SPAI'LDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat- i
ing Work*. 355-.157 Tehama st.: tel. South 40. |
SMITH'S Caruet Cleaning Co.: Al work guar-
anteed. 3c. 1S43 15th Pt.; phone Capp 1551.
! i WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1W* Har-
rison et. : Al cleaning; 3c: tel. Mission ,225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st. ; tel. Mission 4d.
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard ;South 216. i
I ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 4C2 Sutter st7: j
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop*, j
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices !
reasonable. 1703 Harrison et. ; tel. Mission 2b3. i
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden .Gate ave. ; telephone East 12t>.
F F I C E S .
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION !
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 5586.
CREDIT CLOTHIEB.S.
C. F. ADAMS CO. ~~~"
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from hats to
ehoet; everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 318 Mason st. f«
DEKTISTS.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. SO^MaTkeTTt^
cor. Fourth, room 7, Flood building; extrac-
tions done painlessly: teeth without plate*
our specialty; gold crowns. $3 60 up; piates,
$4 50 up. extraction free; office hour*. J
a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2.
DR. GRUSS. 504-5-6 Callag han bldg.. Market
and McAllister st*.. uses the Basford Obtun-
der, the only device ever Invented for grind-
Ing, drilling and excavating treth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. 50c; gas given. j
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break*-
warranted 20 yrs.: crown. $3 50; fillings 60c-
plat««. $5: full set;all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Harlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Set teeth $1 60 up; crowns $2 up; fillings 25c
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, 35c; crowns. $2: no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
DRES8MAKER8JLXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL DressmakTng and^Mnflnery" School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION sunburst & knife plaiting Stew-
art's button A buttonhole factory 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL. ~~
THE San Francisco Young Men's Christian As-
sociation conducts a night school for men an
engineering school, an evening law school, a
working boys' night school and a day business
and academic school. Students have gymnas-
ium and other privileges. Apply at Y M C
A. building. Mason and Ellis au.
HEALiys BUSINESS COLLEGB.~24 POST S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St.,
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar,
ket st. ; special summer course in all depart-
' ments: handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
shlp. $50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Buslne«sTconeger3O5 Larkin st
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual In-
structlon. Write for illustrated catalogue. '
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for th« university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
aor; day and evening sesslong. Phelan bldg.
I A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236
Market st. — Practical, progressive, reliable; '
_^*r **>d evening sessions;, write for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday Siin"-
1 day evgs., Teutonla Hall. Howard St.. nr.
-J > A h^l Prof - F ??l er i : * OCIet J r dancing taught.
. ENGINEERING— Ovti7^1ecT7~minTmech~»u7-
vey. assay, cyanide; dav eve.; est. 18&4. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr.' City. Hall.
1 A GENTLEMAN teaches privately young men
and women whose education has been neg-
lected; also foreigners. Call or add/ 719 Post.
, PPANISH.French.etcProf.DeFllIppe's Academy
1 of .Languages.S^Post; estab'd 1871;ableat profs
t GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 630 Golden Gate
ave,; full business course; day and evening.
This music man and his poor wife .
Don't seem to have much fun In life;
You wouldn't like to turn a crank
Or shake a tamb for little thank.
They ought to seek some better way,
s Which Call Want Ads tell of each day.
This course pursued, you'll oft hear said,
Has furnished butter for one's bread.
Then don't delay, our ads look o'er,
And you'll find work in. shop or store.
HELP WASTED— MALE— Contlawed.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY
A - - = . ' 520-SACRAMENTO ST.— 52p
Corner Leidesdorff st -...Phone Main 1101
BIG TUNNEL— NORTH-rCHEAP FARE.
10 tunnelmen. long Job. $6» ««£/<*"!£•„
GOVERNMENT IRRIGATION DITCH.
5 tunnelmen. Nevada^ $75. - '
3 carpenters, large sawmill company; see boss
here to-day; long Job; Vi 3O c , da , Y - _, t -tam
U. S. SENATOR CLARK'S R- B-— UTAH.
100 laborers, $2. Salt Lake City.
Bargeman, near city. $50and found.
NEVADA— S. P. R R. CO. WORK— FREE
100 laborers. $2. Reno. • £Si?7ti
BUTTE CO.. CHICO— HALF FARE— FEE $1
100 teamsters and laborers, $67 50 to $.5.
Cook. city. $30 and found; walters - fc cook /i™l
dishwashers, etc.; 5 young men, sash and door
factory. $1 50 to $2 25 day and increase,
steady Job: 300 men for other Jobs. See_ us at
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
520— Sacramento St. — 520
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50. or
orthopedic shoes $3 50;best ehoes on earth 11
Third st.. Exam bldg.. & doors from Market.
WANTED — For U S. Marine Corps. »ble-
bodled unmarried men, between 21 and 3o;
good character; must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-or-
war in all parts of the world, on land In our
Island possessions, and at naval stations in
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice, 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.. and
401 K St., Sacramento. Cal.
MEN to learn the barber trade; flrst-class In-
structions guaranteed. 611 Commercial st.
MCDONALD & PERRY have a large «tt»-k of
new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 230ad st.
MEN to learn barber trade: catalogue. mailed.
S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls, room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 35c night: reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch dfflce. cor. Duncan A Church sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 663 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your *hoes half soled while waiting: 25e
to BOc. KCT Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
FOR rale— One mule, about 000 lbs; works sin-
gle and double; good pack animal. At ROB-
ERTS'. 1615 Markn st.
BIO auction sale every Tuesday of horses,
wagons, buggies, carts and harness. 11 a. m.,
at 1140 Folsom st.
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money.
--at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. Inc.. the big store.
1145-1147 Market St.. San Francisco.
HORSE .$25; road cart. $15; Mexican saddle.
$7 60; laundry wagon. $50. 79 City Hall ave.
MUST be sold at a sacrifice; 5 good horses. 327
Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gcrart for tale cheap. 532 Mission st.
Largest assbrtmt 2-hand wagons.buckb'd. sur-
re»-. ha rn»r». work. driving horaes.l 5th- Valencia
£> HOUSES TO LBT
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery
A— HOUSES %nd flats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
it., on th« square.
CASTRO, 809 — 9 sunny rooms, bath, large base-
ment. yard, garden. Key 811.
BEFORE /moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN A HOWELL. 23 Post st.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — English setter dog. black ears, black
ticks on white body; leather collar with "F.
C. Schernstein. San Rafael," stamped on
plate. Return to F. C. SCHERNSTEIN. 225
Fremont St., or San Rafael; reward.
LOST — Male collie; black; white collar, chest
and front paws; face white 'and tan; license
on hind leg. Liberal reward If returned to
2012 Folsom at. •
LOST — A past president's badge of Berkeley
Parlor No 210, N. S. G. W. Return to
FRANK MCALLISTER. 191S Channlng way,
Berkeley, and receive reward.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of SAMUEL MEISTER. No. 172-990.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Child's gold chain, slide and !>>cket;
monogram D. N.;- reward: prixed account
gift from deceased uncle. 1808 Dupont it.
LOST — Oct 2S, black and white spaniel: li-
cense No. 4033: reward. ED. t BIRCH ALL.
corner Ellis and FUlmore sta. .
LOST — Black feathr boa. corner Sutter and
Powell. Return 2107 Jones st.; reward.
LOST— Gold fraternity pin; letters A. E. Re-
turn to. 2814 Pierce St.: reward.
LOST — Gold -mounted Elks' tooth charm; re-
ward. Secretary Elks' Club. 223 Sutter st.
POCKET-BOOK — Enclosures no. value except
owner; reward. Return Crocker bldg. r. 149.
LOST — A silver watch chain. Return to 40
Zoe st. Reward^ ;
LOST — Two plumes, black and white, either oa
Hayes or Market st. Call 413 Hayes st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Wstch Case Co.. 220"Sutter St.. Deeds old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MEDICAL. - ' " *
MRa DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed: 30
years' experience; removed to S2tt Poet st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. lCOS^a Market St.. opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL — All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st. ?
MRS. D. ALLEN. 11 IS Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care: low fees.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom St.. cor. 26th;
ladies, relief or no fee: $10.
DR. NG TOY KKE. 319 Powell St.. opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MILLINERY. .
LADIES— 200 stylish hats to select from; lease
sold, must vacate February 1. 19O4: sava
money by calling on MME. PO3CH. 207 Post.
MISCELLANEOUS — KOIi SALK. '
BOILERS. en«rln»s. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-107 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay:
needs no oalntlnc or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
BANKRUPT sale — Stock of Jewelry and no-
tions belonging to estate of Ely Stern Co.. a
bankrupt, will be told October 31. 1903. at
11 o'clock. For further particulars and in-
ventory call at room 425. Rlalto building.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pump*,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanred; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
FOR sale — New 50-ft. gasoline launch with
modern 40-horsepower engine and all extras:
good business; only cash sale considered. Ad-
dress G. B.. box 520. Sacramento, Cal.
A— Fine suits, $7 CO: dress pants. $2 50. Orlgl-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23S Kearny St..
near Bush; open to 0 p. m.; Sunday to noon.
A— ?3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 3-TO Kearny st..- near
Pint: open till 0 p. m. Sunday to nooa.'- ¦¦ -
A — BUYS, aolls or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
• etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Srear «t. ' -
TRY our men's shots at $1 and $l'5O pair;
foot-form - shore : ct $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.: catalog, free.
i A— 12-HORSEPOWER steam engine; horizon-
tal; $85. S. D. BURNS. 318 Bush st,
SAVE i money— Buy brushes and feather dust-
ers at Atlantic Brush Co."s, 322 Bush st.
A VERY fine diamond over 3 karats for SUSS
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
3, 6 AND 10 hp. gasoline engines; 2d-hand; all
sizes; new. E. B. BECK A CO., 122 Market.
NEW and second hand machinery of all kinds.
KROGH MNFG. CO.. 519 Market st.
SAFES — New and sscond hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-42J Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental ;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
MILES cf pipe and flttinrs ;. all sixes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 1C» Vallejo «t. "
MOVING picture • film and song slides. 1C9
; Montgomery' st
SAFES — New and second hand. E. B. BECK
, & , CO.. 122 Market st... ¦
All » bargains :camp stools and chairs -.hammocks.
¦ metal beds.mattresses.J.F.Hotter,712 Mission.
EJUon - phonographs, - records, supplies. - moving
« picture ' machines, films. Baclgalupl, 033 Mkt.Henry P.. and Ella B. Sonntag to Charles E^
Miller, lot on E line cf Stanyan street, 50 N
of Frederick, N 25 by E 100:8; $10 ¦
John Center to M. J. Pierce, lot o'n E line'of
Folsom street. 175 S of Nineteenth, S 23 by
E 122:6; $10. "... :' ::\ . i-.;..*
William F. ; Altvater to - Sophie C. Bretten
bach. undivided H of lot on E line of Mission
street. 1S5 ' N of Twenty-second. N 30 by E
125:6; gift. - .
; ETstate of Margaret I*. Henry (by "" John
Landers, administrator) to. Masslmellano Per
poll." lot 'on W line of Mission street, 163 N
of Twenty-flrst.N 24 by. W 00; $4750.
John and Helen A. • Landers to same same:
$10.. . . ¦ -- r. ':¦ .,....-..•. --..,,
Sarah L. Moore to John H. Batcher, lot ; on
NW corner of Liberty and Guerrero * streets,'
N 54 by W -100; $10. ' -
. John: Warner to same, same; $10. -
John -H., and Margaret , Batcher to. Lena Me-
Maria Reid to Hulda Jacob-, lot on S line of
Hayes street. 90 W of Webster,' W, 25 by 8
137:6; |10. .
Henry and Charlotte Dicker-on to FTedericka
Bauer, lot on 8 line M Oak street, 87:6 E
of Buchanan. E 23 by S 120; $10.
A. S. and Emma C. Baldwin to John D.
Robertson, lot en S line of Washington street,
104:2 E of Buchanan, E 33:4. by S 100;$10,.
.John or John B. Loughran to - Francis or
Francis J. or Frank J. Sullivan, lot on B line
of Webster street. 05 N of Page N 23 by E
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 29.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Zlegler. lot on N line of Fifty-ninth street at
intersection by line dividing lots 15 and 16,
block 4. N 119.92, -W 60. S 123. E. 50.08. lot
16.- block 4. amended map of Butler Tract,
Oakland; $700. (
John A. and Florence E. Britton to City of
Oakland, lot on SW line of Santa Clara
(Mots) avenue. 40 SE of intersection with NW
boundary of lot 14 SE 49:10. SW 100. NW 4l».
NE »«, portion of lots 13 and 14. block J. map
of Flint Tract No. 4. portion of Oakland
Heights Oakland; valuable consideration.
Heron-Holcomb Company (corporation) to L.
G Burpee, lot on N line of Twenty-fourth
street. 100 E of Valdez. E 50 by N 100; $10.
Hugh W. Dolan (administrator of estate or
Mary Pryor or Priar) to John Gunnip. all In
terest m lot on S line At Thirty-ninth street.
210:3 E of Grove, E 44:9. S 90. W 4o. N_S8.
portion of lot 21. map of Montgomery Tract
No 1 Oakland: also lot on E line ofjtubjr
street" 250 S of Weston avenue. S 25 by E 100.
lot 22*, Oakland Railroad Homestead, Oakland;
John W and Elizabeth K. Roberts to J. C.
Talbott lbt on N line of East Fourteenth
street 'ISO E of Twenty-third artnue, E 30
by N 150. East Oakland; $10.
Ellen J. and James Wilding to Lucy Mc-
Carl 3 acres beginning at point of intersec
tion "of Bellevue and Buckeye avenues, thence
.along line, of Bellevue avenue W lib, SW 153.
SW 139 SE 120 to where it Joins line of fence
of lot 16 thence N 313, N to beginning, por
tion of lot 3 map of ½ision of portion
of Piedmont ". Heights Oakland Township: $5.
Joeeph M. and Loulea Johnson to J. A. Mar
shall lot on S line of Channlng way. 137.43 E
of Tremont street, E 50 by S 135, lot 18 block
3.. Barker Tract, portion plat CS, etc.. Berke
e3 Agatha' Fuchs (widow) to Anton Fuchs (son),
lot on SW- line of Orion street. 248.67 NW of
Seminary avenue. NW 75 by SW 108. lota 33
to 25 block -65, map of subdivision of lots 56,
67; 65 and 66, " Klngsland Tract. Brooklyn
TO Honortne *P. ' and Edward Kelley to M. L.
Freeman (widow), lot on S^ Una of -Eighth
street ,125 E of Jackson, B 25 by Sl«, lot
11.- block 82, Kellersberger's map, Oakland;
'^Charles and Rachel McCall (wife) and Amy
M McCall (single) to James H. Algeo. lot on
E"llne of West street. 100 N of Forty-fourth,
N' 50 by ¦ E 90. lot 3, block 2102. Alden Tract
at Temescal. Oakland; $10 •*
Lulu A and J. A. Anderson (husband) to
W H and M. A. Glbbs.(wife). lot on E line
of Henry- street. 75;S of Eighth S 25 by E
100 block 629. Boardman's map. Oakland $10.
<5amuel H. and Maria Steward to J. Mitchell,
low 14 and 15. block 1>. map of reaubdivision
of block. AitoSF as per map 3. Roberts and
Wnlfsklll Tract Oakland ;. $10.
Realty Syndicate (corporation) to City of
Oakland, for public street, all portion of lot
69 lying SW of N line of Sunny Slope avenue
extended W, Mao Stanford Tract No. 2. Oak-
U San 'Francisco Savings Union (corporation)
to Elmer S. Burley. lotion NW line of ElKhth
avenue. 90 SW.of East Tenth street SW 30 by
NW 70 lot 34, block 11. map subdivision block
11.- Clinton, East Oakland: $250.- . , _
Mary M. -• Beaver (widow) - to William . E.
Knowles, lot on'W line of Telegraph avenue,
100 8 of Bancroft way. S 30 by W 104.82, por
tion lots 11 and 12, block 1, Beaver Tract, etc,
¦ Charlotte^: Abrams to Fannie
D Cutler (widow), lot on E line of Shattuck
avenue 52.59 N of Essex, N 82.5S. E 105:9. S
62.50, ;W 109 :T. lot 22.. and N 2-6 of lot 21.
block D. Map E, N portion Newbury Tract, Berk
eley *10. . -. ¦ ' ' ¦¦¦-¦:• --•¦¦¦ •'¦*:*•
Anna- R.- and. George. E. Wellington to Rob
ert H. Oldrieve." lot on S line of RusseU street,
155.26- W of Telegraph -avenue,- W 50 "by S
130.80, ¦ lot 7. block ¦ E, Suburban Tract, Berk
eley; $10.' ' - i*H|$N0nCqg£HUtfnHi
- 'J Ai and Emily -V. Marshall to Joseph M.
Johnson; lot on ,W^ line of Telegraph avenue.
93.06 N of Carlton- street, 'W 1C8.37," N 44.S3,,
E 120.S2,,' S . 46.63. * block . L> Leonard Tract,
Berkeley; $106. ;,: ~ : ¦-¦i •
: North Alameda Land Company to Mrs. ,V. : J.
Tolley.-' lot 1 , 22, : block 21; Map North- Alameda
Tract. . formerly »Valde» and Glascockr Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $800. .. 4
• u William * S.: and Llllle B. Gibson (by F.
and V A." F.': ; Bridge, ¦"¦ trustees) 4 to Thomas Pen-
Ilngton,"818 T>. 239/ beginning at a point on NE
line , County, road,. Oakland to San Leandro, 100
— from NW Patterson avenue. NW 100 by NE
150, lots 9 and 10. block B, Map Patterson
Homestead Association No. 2, Brooklyn Town
ship; $1193.
Western Pacific Land Company to Christian
A. Wleben, lot 21 and N ¥j lot 20. map resub
divlslon block 771, Levy Tract, Brooklyn Town
shin; $10.
Emma H. Swasey (single), by Gustavns A.
Swarey, attorney, to Stuart A. Hassey. lot on
S line of Clinton avenue. 275 W of Willow
street, W 25, S to shore line of Bay of San
Francisco, E along same to point which would
be drawn S from beginning at right angles to
Clinton avenue, N to beginning, block 7S, lands
adjacent to Enema!; Alameda; $10.
John O'Brien to Mary O'Brien (wife), lot on
SE line of Broadway. SCO SW of Central ave
nue. SW 50 by SE 140:2: gift. '
James Y. and Jessie Eccleston to Patrick
Kean, lot on N line of Mead avenue, 100 W of
San Pablo. W 25 by N 125, lot «. Mead Park,
Oakland; $10.
William H. and Frances Mackinnon to Lilla
R Havens, lot on E line cf San Pablo avenue,
30.70 N of Thirty-sixth street. N 34 by E. 103.
S 30:S',i. W »£. portion of lot 1. block A, map
of portion of Mrs. M. J. Evoy's property. Oak
land Township; $10.
• Elizabeth B. Waterman" to Bertha Hetdtmann
(widow); lot on N line of Highland avenue. 120
E of Laurel street. E 40 by N, 132.50. lot 4.
block N, amended map of Moss Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10. , »
Samuel. Charles, Hilda, Oscar. Frank. Louis
and William. Joseph. Bertha Cole and Cecelia
Sldlowskl to Amelia Joseph (mother), all Inter
est in estate of Hyrr.an Joseph as follows: Lot
on NE corner of Railroad avenue and Stanton
street, E 61 :3 by N 100, lots 1 and 2. bloc* S,
Powers Tract, Alameda; gift.
Emlia C. Gustafson (wife of Charles) to L. G.
Haven,: lot on E line of Fallon street. -75 8 of
Seventh,. S 25 by E 100, lot 4, block 202, Dillon
property," Oakland; $10.
Giles H. and Martanna W. Gray to Frances
H. Gray (widow), lot on NTV line of " Howe
street 100 NE of Howard. NE 10© by NW 250.
Iot3 5 and S, block 8, plan of Howe Tract, Oak
land; $10. ,
Sarah J. Carley (widow) to Ira Vaughan,
lot on W line of Poplar street, 149:6 S of
W. Twelfth. S 3« by W 115. portion of lot
12. block 660, map of blocks 660. 661, 576 and
677. Oakland; $10.
Elizabeth J. and Charles ' or Charles Layne
Johnson to J. • S. Myers, lot on N line of Brown
or Thirty-fourth street, H9 W of Telegraph
avenue. W 60 by N 119:10, lot 19, map B. map
or portion of estate of A. C. Brown, Oakland;
$10.
J. S. and Clara Myers (wife) to Lorain« S.
Hamilton (wife of F. R.). same; $10. .
- M. J. Madison to Pacific Coast Dredging
and Reclamation Company (corporation),
blocks 622, 623, 624 and 625. Baardman's map,
Oakland; ?10.
Madeleine Connor (single) to Morris Isaacs,
lot on S line of Eighth street, 40 W of Brash.
W 35. by S 100, block 96. Kellersberger'a map.
Oakland: $10. v
David J. Curtln (single) to Edward D. .
Thomas (single), lot 5, block E, Kllnknerville
Tract. Oakland: $10.
. Henry James (single) to Sophe Lind (sin
gle), re-record 80S . D 331, lot on W line of
Tenth street. 170 S of. Bancroft way, 9 37 by
W 130, •. block 122, map of tract of Berkeley
Land and Town Improvement Association.
Berkeley: $10.
Frances- J. Johnson to W. 8. and .'Ida S.
Uoughtaltng- (wife), lot l on W line of ' Spruce
street. 277 N of Rose, N 49 by W 135. lota 12
and 13, block 23. : property of North Byrne, In
Berkeley Villa Tract, Berkeley; $10.'
Calvin A; Shaw . (single) to West Berkeley
Lumber. Company (incorporated), -lot on N line
of Prince street. 35:6 E of Tremont. E M by
N ' 105,' block I A, portion ¦ of Newbury ¦ Tract,
In plat 51. Peralta Rancho. Berkeley; $10.
i - J. . L. ¦ and Mary E. Shuman - (wife) and Mrs.
Locile Kooser to Annie Soderberg (wife. of A.),
.lot = on E line of Grove street, 135.4S N of
Dwight way. N 45.16. E13L66. S 43, W 135.
block : 6. amended ma» of - blocks * 5 and 6,
Barker Tract. Berkeley; $2»50.
¦¦ N: B.-Kooser to Annie Soderberg,' same otllt
ctalm deed. Berkeley: $L —.- >•
* Henry and Jeanle D. East to William R." and
Jennie Low (wife), -lot on -W. line of Telegraph
ayenue,' 130.27 S of Webster ' avenue, W 117.1ft,
N- 4fi, "t E to W, line of Telegraph . avenue, s
47.72,-to beginning, Berkeley;- $10. <
•-J.vC. and Jessie .Talbott (wife) to Marv E.
HendrJckson' (single),- lot 21, block G. - Latham
terrace, Brooklyn v Township; $10.'-
-.Katherine ,V." Kllnkner (executrix of the es
tate of * Charles 'A. Kllnkner) : to «" Mrs. Cary
. ; Joteph J. .Paul to Charles • R. Bishop
(widower)," 3 acres beginning at SE corner of
plat 80, s thence. NW. 294. Si, SW 91.05 SW
501.60, SW.132, NE- 442.20 ,to beginning, por
tion ' p£ plat ¦ 80 • map - of t Ranchos V. and : D.
Peralta. (recorded October 27.* 1903). Berkeley;
$100;;-- -¦-.-- ¦•¦-. ¦.-¦.:--¦•¦:.. •.«..-*>- - A 
» Jane" F. and : Patrick .* Sexton i to ; Pacific ; In
cinerating • Company < (corporation), lot on ' SE
corner of Twenty-sixth ' and Union ¦ etreets, S
65:6 by' E 138:3, lot "lO/block'Q.- map of sur
vey of . Northern • Extension. : Oakland ; $10." -.;¦ ."
• John F. Boyd (owner) with Hinson & Jones
(contractcrs). architects McDoueall Bros.— All
work for a 1-story wood and steel frame build
ing covered 'with- galvanized Iron" on lot com
mencing: 250 feet more or less from SW corner
of ' Howard • court ' and Natoma street. W 30 by
S 60; $1797., ,f . ,.'...-.
• '' '^' 4 'AIameda. County.,
Herman M. Rogers (owner) with B. H. Rob
inson (contractor), architect Charles J. Rous
seau — All work except grading, concrete, elec
tric work, painting, • plumbing, mantels, gas
fixtures, * shades, - finish hardware, crates ' and
electric * lames for a - 3-story and . basement
fram* apartment building on lot on SE corner
of Van Ness avenue and Green street, S 60 by
E 86; $17,fKlO..- ' ¦ ; •...:.
Same owner" with , R. Stettin . (contractor),
architect same— Excavation, concrete^ and .ce
ment ¦ work for foundation for same on ' same ;
$1425." ¦ ¦ ¦-¦¦- - -. ' / .. V --, 1 . - . ¦¦;
., Same owner . with Schani & . Grundy (con
tractors), architect same — Plumbing, gasfltting,
sewer work,' hot water circulating system for
same on same; $3200. ': ' ;• . . :
Builders' Contracts.
Stephen A and Mary I. Born to Frank B.
and Minnie Ladd. lot- on W line of Sixth ave
nue.. 135 N of I street, N 25 by,W 120; $10.
Georglna and Joseph L. McCormlck to Sperry
W. Dye, lot 1, block Z, Park Lane 6; $10. '
- F. H. Haustman (by John Lackmann, Sheriff)
to Edward Lamberir. lot on N line of Fifth
avenue. 87:2 E of N street, N 205. W 104. S
200, E 87:2. South San' Francisco; $484.
Louis and Nellie Greenblat to Nathan Mam
lar, lot on NW line of Perry street, 375 SW
of Fourth, SW 25 by NW 75; $10.
Warren M. and Llna P. Crouse to John H.
Rlppe. lot on E line of Potrero street, 11*5 N
of Twenty-fifth, N 275, E 48:6. EE 288:7. W
13«r f 10- •
, John -H. and Elsbeth Rippe to Andrea Raf
fetto. lot on E line of Potrero street, 175 X
of Twenty-fifth, N 60 by E 100; $10.
Same to Charles Herold. lot- on E line of Po
trero street, 150 N of Twenty-fifth, N 25 by E
100: $10.
Warren M. and Lena P. Crouse to James C.
Shaf ter. lot on NE corner of Twenty-fifth street
and Potrero avenue, N 125 by E 100;. $10.
William and Jennie Helbins to John E. Ka
newske. lot on NE corner of Nineteenth and
Vermont streets. N 30 by E 100; $10.
Solomon and Lena Goldsmith to C. M. Web
ber, lot on NW comer of Amador and Virginia
streets. N 400 by W 200; $10.
Anna S. and John P. aicDermott to Henry
L. Ruppel, lot on W line of Twenty-first ave
nue. 2W) N of Lake street, N 25 by W 120; $10.
William F. Mau and Charles ¦ J. ¦ Bandmann
(by Joseph Kennedy, commissioner) to Adolph
Etelnberger, lot on SW corner of Elphih ave
nue and C street. W 20:8 by 8 100; $S00. .
: G. L. and Katie L. Fitz to same, lot on SW
corner of C street and Eighth avenue, W 0:11
by S 100. quitclaim deed; $30.
Adolph Stelnberger toWIIliam P. and Eliza
beth I. Foster, lot on - SW ¦ corner ¦ of Eighth
avenue and C street. W 26:8 by S 100; $1200.
Charles S. , and Caroline 8. Larsson to Ml
chele Mussto, lot on E line of Midway street,
6S:9 N of Francisco, N 22:11 by E 91:8; $10.
D. J. Reens to S. Grace KUpatrlck. lot on
N line of Chestnut street. 25 E of Laeaven
worth. E £2:6, N 87:6, E 25, N 25, E 35, N 25.
W 137:6. S 50, E 25. S 37:6: *10.
Rlke Stern (wife) to Philip Stern, lot on S
line of Post street, 215 W of Jones, W CO by
S 137:6; $ 10. •
Philip Stern to Herman and Theresa 'Asker,
same; ?10. / \
Frederick A. and Therese Hlhn and Joseph
L. and Thomas B. Kastland to Coast Realty
Company (corporation), lot on S corner of East
and Market streets, SW 45:10 by SE 137:6;
also lot on SW line of East street, 45:10 ?TW
of Mission. NW 45:10 by SW 137:6; also lot
on S corner of Fremont and Harrison streets,
B\V 137:0 by SE 137:6; also lot on SW corner
of Golden Gate .avtnue and Leaven worth
streets. S -137:0 by W 137:6; $10.
William T. and -Mary E.. Howe to Agnes
Kelly, lot on NE line of Fremont street, 114:6
SE of Folsom. SE Zi by NE 70; $10.
Asrnes Kelly : to -Alice ¦ H. Ke,lly, undivided
one-half of same; $10. -
Bailie E. and Frank M. Glass to Bridget
Stearns - twlfe of Victor J.), lot on Sff line
of Perry street, 07:6 NE of Third, NE 20 by
NW 80; $10.
Carrie"!* Morton to Otto H. and Mary lAp
pert. lot on W line of Bartlett street. W N of
Twenty-sixth. N 65 by W 117:6; $10.
Reglna lauppe to Reglna !.•. Lauppe, lot "on
E line of Church street, 76:0 S of Valley, 8
25 by E 10O; $10.
Ellen M. Coleman to Catherine F. Mitrovlch.
lot on N line of Twentieth street. 50 E of Col
llngwood, E !i5,by N 110; $10.
Joseph Moscrop of the Salvador Coffee
Roasting Company, 208 Clay, street, se
cured a warrant from Police Judge "Fritz
yesterday for the arrest of A. H. Parker
and Thomas. Gray on a charge of obtain
ing goods by false pretenses. It is al
leged that the defendants called at the
Salvador Company's store on October 23
and represented to John Mortinon, the
manager, that they were co-partner3 in
the Monarch Supply Company at 213 Mls
sion street, and obtained goods to the
value of $51. Moscrop alleges that there
is no such company as the Monarch Sup
p'y Company at 213 Mission street and
thet other merchants havo been -.swin
dled in the same way. ', -i
Mullen, lot on X\V corner of Liberty and Guer
rero streets, N M by W 100; $10.
Mary K. Caidweli to Joseph P. Maloney, lot
on E line of Church street. 104:6 N of Six
teenth. N 25 by E 125; 110.
Accused of Swindling Merchants.
Bechtel was a single man, 30 years of
age. He was a laborer and had been a
policeman. He had been a hard drinker,
and when intoxicated was easilyarigered
and prone to fight
The funeral of the murdered girl took
place this afternoon, the services being
held at her late home. As the girl lay
In her coffin her appearance told its own
story. Both eyes were discolered, as
though they had been struck with a
clenched nst. There was a big bruise on
the nose and several smaller ones on the
cheek and ear. The. worst injury, that
on the forehead, was hidden by the hair.
On a flnger was the engagement ring
given to her by Alfred Eckstein.
The suicide of Thomas Bechtel was
followed by the police officials telling
the story of the murder of Miss Bechtel,
as gathered by them. It starts with last
Thursday, when Eckstein > accompanied
Miss Bechtel to Philadelphia. He left
her there and returned. "Weisenberg met
her in Philadelphia and accompanied her
to Allentown. They were together until
midnight. Thomas Bechtel heard of this,
and, being opposed ' to Weisenberg, he
met the girl on her return. He struck
her a powerful blow on the cheek, caus
ing her to fall against a bureau^dead.
Members of the family held a' council
and decided upon the story made public
on Tuesday and upon the disposal of the
body and clothing as found. Charles
Bechtel later used a hatchet in striking
the girl, to give semblance to the story.
This .occurred . immediately after mid
night The body was concealed in the
home until Monday night, when - it. was
placed in the area way. w,here it was
found on Tuesday morning.
Eckstein knew nothing of the murder,
the police say..
AL.L.ENTOWN, Pa.. Oct. 29. — Thomas
Bechtel, who was held awaiting Investi
gation on the "charge of having murdered,
his sister, Mabel H. Bechtel, at ' their
home a few days ago, committed suicide
this afternoon in his cellat the Central
Police Station. Bechtel lay down on the
floor of his cell and cut his throat with
a knife. He was dead -when found. The
knife lay near him on the floor.
Evidence Indicates That He
Killed Sister With Blow
. -Jof His Fist.
Slayer, of Mabel Bechtel
Ends His Life in
- Prison.*
SUICIDE PROVES
BROTHER'S GUILT
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CAIiIi,V FRIDAY, OCTOBER 30. 1903.
15
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364) — Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; siso unfurnishsd.
CALIFORNIA, 1406 — Furnished rooms; gas,
bath and telephone.
CAETKO. 241— Pretty sunr.y front room, with
gas, large closet, coal grate; private family;
one or two ladles or gentlemen; references;
flO per month.
CLIFFORD. 304 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS. 1W0, near Scott— Large furnished
room for a gentleman; gas; IS.
FRANKLIN. 721 — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; all front; ail conv.; $14. $16 month.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 50c
to |1 60 night: $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
JESSIE. 3C3. east U. S. Mint— Furnished
rooms. 15 and |6 per month.
• LAGUNA and' McAllister. St. James fiat — Sun-
ny single room.
ROYAL House. 126 EUls— Incandescent lights,
i reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
[ lcr: rooms per night, S5c to $1 60; week. 13
10 f$; month. IS to |30; elevator on ground
. ' flocr: room- 1 with hot and cold water; baths.
THE GILLF.SPIE. 119 Ninth — Furnished rmn..
fl 50 to f'J 00 week: transient 5Oc-75c night.
, UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy st.. near Market—
400 single and family rooms; 35c to 11 night;
11 73 to |6 week; elevator; electrlo lights;
reading-room; free bus and baggage.
VAN NESS. 819 — Handsome sunny furnished
1 suites and single rooms, all conveniences.
I WINCHESTF.R Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
' j Moet convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
1 ! S5c to $1 60 night: |2 to 18 week; elevator;
• | elec. lights: reading-room; free bus: baggage.
' ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
1 Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscript Ions has been established at 1009
Valencia "St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. j received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
ROOMS AAD BOARD. ~
r i ET£*V^NS^N^MXiE7o"nT~6oT^UfoTn7a' St.— aY-
i tractive sr.d s;thtly rooms; best table and
eenice; lowest rates.
. VAN NESS ave.. 1714 — Private boarding-house.-
homelike; everything first class; sunny
. mites; sinrle rocrnn; choice locality; ref.
" R1OMS WASTED. ¦
; FOVR comfortably furnished sunny housekeep-
irg rooms, en 5'jlte. first floor, with closets:
exclusive use cf bath, etc.; references. Ad-
. dress box !W5, Call office.
- SEWING M ACHIXEST AXD SUPPLIES
NEW HOME sewing machine; this week only;
$10. |1S. $20; slightly used: needles 20c doz.
NEW HOME S. M. CO.. lOSl Market st.
SCIENTIFIC OPTICIANS.
DURING the O. A. R. encampment Dr. Cllse,
- 1023 Market et.. bet. €th-7th. fitted glasses to
• j On. Miles; you want the best as well as he.
- i '— ¦ . . :
SPECIAL NOTICES.
- | MOTHERS — Drink Cof-farin regularly and
- I your nerves and dlcestlcn will be all right;
" j rive it to the children and the old man, and
1 I half your troubles will cejue. '. ¦. •
: j SPECIALISTS. ¦
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
¦ p»>«tiY*iy cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottineham. 204 Sutter et.
a '; STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
• ' A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture.
• I houfthold goods stored, moved, shipped. 724-
• 731 Howard tt.. near Third; phone Grant 161.
- I FIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Pest and Powell sts. ; tel. Prlv. Ex. 57L
: j CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merthan-
'. ! iisr. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 128.
GOLDEN We_t Stcrasre; advances made; 840
• Mission St.: tel. Howard I>41. F. W, Zehfuss.
' PACIFIC Ftorage ar.d Furniture Moving Cem-
o j pany, 2320 Fillmore st. : phone Jackson 2S1.
i BEKINS Van and Storatre Co.. 11 Montgomery
,. i rt.: tel. Main 1S40. Sh'.rplnc at cut rates.
T ' STl'TTERIXG AXD STAMMERIXO.
o j ;
i MKLEOl'RXE School. Van Ness-Market — Cure
.f j in every case; individual teaching: no medl-
ciae. Inquire into wonderful cures :home cure.
t ! ¦ ¦ . . -^
- j TO LEASE.
- : A LARGE ng»ite«-t>asement to let. Apply 771
a ! Howard ft. or 2C1 Fourth.
0 ] ¦ . , ,
y - TYPEWRITERS^AADJ5UPPI.IE9.
- j great^ajioaTns in ttpewrTters^avs
<. ' cell betttr machines for less money than any
• ! hcuee ia the city: rentals $3. The Typewriter
3 ] Exchange. 536 California: telephone Main 26«.
_ . A FEW good typewriters at $30 each: get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Moat-
. I gcracry Et.
j 2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
_ j Webster Typewriter Ingr-^-. C-».. SW Market.
i. ] C^ " —^*™ " ** ~^ ™^ — * 1^ "~ — — — I!
LEGAL AUVKKTI'.EME.NTS.
Notice to Creditors.— Estate of ALICE
- SKAE, Deceased.
4 I Notice is hereby given by the undersigned,
i- i the executor of the will of ALICE SKAE. de-
- J ceased, to the creditors of. and all persons hav-
. | ing- claims against, the said deceased, to ex-
. j hibit theni, with the nec?-?sary vouchers, witn-
j j ia ten <10> months after th>> first publication of
j this notice, to the said executor, at Its place
~ of bmtaCM, No. 4K4 California etreet. In the
city and county of San Francisco, State of Cal-
ifornia.
„ MERCANTILE TRUST COMPANY OF SAN
I [Seal.] FRANCISCO, by FREDERICK W.
. ! ZEILE. 1'rcsident. Executor of the Will cf
ALICE SKAE. Deceased.
, ¦ I>attd at Pan Francijwo. October J2d. 1003.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
'* i The following marriage licenses were Issued
'¦ j yesterday:
_ i Alv'n Pl«r»on. 714 Oryant street, and
• f Maud E. Ya'.f-s, Iii. 045 Vi Folsom street.
Frederick A. Steinmann, 2ti, city, and Al-
vlua Gerke. 21. city.
L. ' William S. Wadv. 3.1, Eureka, and Ethel
Anderson, 27. Springfield, Mo.
Charles Carlin, 42. city, and Iva M. Powers.
39. city.
2 J. Calvin Ewing Jr.. 27. 21R Fair Oaka
street, and E'.sa E. Young, 2«.- 25*12 Sixteenth.
H ( Juan Gf.mfz, _2, 122!» Dupont street, and
3 j Ex.<lqn!a Margla. 2.1. KilH Ma«on street.
} EIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. -
Blrtlt, marriajre and death notices sent by
-• mail will not be insert cd. They roust be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
ti Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
•e sens authorized to have the same published.
»:
£ BOBN.
,e MITCHELL— In this city. October 16. 1003, to
the wife cf Jr.ha J. Mitohell, a son. '
ii MARRIED.,
t; HFICK— CARTER— In this city. October 17,
IMS, by the Ittv. Father John Rogers of St.
Ross's Church. Frederick L. Helck and Mar-
~ Karet G. Carter, both of San Francisco.
¦e ~imo7 ~
e Rarsar-tl. Rcsa Hurley, Michael
'• lielmorrt. Lull M. Johansen, Julius
'• Boell. Henry G. Kennedy, Bernard
_ Carlson. August McTamney. Mary
> r Corcoran. Anna Mooney. Thomas A.
6 Flynn. Albert J. Packard. Charles
Goetz (Infant) Richmond, Mary
- Gordon, Thomas Schussel, Conrad
n Hackett. David A. Fhlrley. Bessie H.
1- Hall. Miss Elthida Sire, Beatrice
: Haniy, Anni* F. fc'weeney. Gladys V.
; Harvey. A. W. Welch. Margaret G.
Herllehy, Catherine
1 BARSANTI— In this city, October 29, IJKXJ,
- Rosa, dearly beloved daughter of Bertha and
George Harsantl, and dearly beloved sister
of d-i-Ti" and Annie Uars&ntt, a native of
" tan Francisco, aged 2 years and 18 days.
? BELMONT— In this city, October 28, 1903.
Z LudI Milla. wife of George Belmont, mother
w of Crrra. Belmont.- and daughter of Mrs. S.
W. Taylor, a native oT Cleveland. Ohio, aged
27 years .3 months and 0 days.
g EJTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend ' the funeral services
to-day (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at her late
l " resldenre. 9 Adair street, off Howard, be-
•tweeo Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
7 BOELL — In Berkeley. October 29. 1903. Henry
. George, dtarly beloved husband of Julia
Boell. father, of Mariana Boell," beloved son
f cf Mrs. Boell. and brother of Edward.
Charles, Frank and Berdle Boell, a native of
- San Francisco, aged 32 years.
E7Remalns at the parlors of Edw. Cas-
_ tagiietto & Co., 643-G45 Valle.o street. No-
_, tlce of funeral hereafter.
8 CARLSON'— August Carlson. : beloved husband
! HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
• FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.'
- 20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
. -¦¦•",,'. Telephone South 60. . . __.
; UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
— Funeral Directors and Embalmera.——-—-
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple, ,:
I Now at 866 MISSION,. TeL South • 1«7. .
; Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Bates.
.. : .' ' PERSONALS.
•ATTEXT1CN. LADIES— ~
Tcr.pee.'ie to' believe; go and see the exbibi-
ttea at the Union Dru* Ftore, cor. OTarrell
' ..ajid 'Stockton sts.; a living model with the
Crinkles sod baccinem removed from one
.%!£« cf the face a year aga ty M. ELLA
• .'HARRIS of 7fcl OFarrell wt.
THE Star. Hair Remedy restores gray hair, lm-
' .'prores it« growth. sto]<« falling, cure* dandruff
" -and itcfaimr *ca.!p; no eialn or stickiness;
• ji-ifinsei seji!p;a.t druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
eept no substitute. Star Kemedy Co.. 1338 PoSk.
THERE are oihrr c«?real coffees, but If you
. .w*r.t the be^t ask your grocer for Cof-fartn:
fab.'oiutelT- pur*, palatable and nourishing
TH tq.-COF-F'A RIX CO.. 134 Valencia st.
¦JCOT hew ch«?ar' tut how pood is the motto cf
•'the niancjacturers cf the Rapid Rotary
• FtaRda.Vl. the 5fwing-mach!ne cf to-day. J.
AV. .EVANS., ager.t. 1021 Market st.
J > IIT?ICIAN P . 15 years' experience, cures per-
' rcawmiy "morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. '251 Grant ave..
cf-tfer Sutter St. ; fee moderate.
. EI.EOANT suits en easy installments; 50 cents
. up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127
•Market St.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
B&S&Xa Tu~day. Thursday. Saturday. Sun- '
: <5ar <>vfb.. Tcutonia Hall. Howard st. r.r.
'.':!-. : LYof. Koster; society dancing taught.
'. LiiwCiTl habit cured. We guarantee to cure
. tb*. UqHor habit in 2 days' or no charges.
. .. AcAe Liquor Cure Co.. 1)07 Market, r. 202.
' •TWU.'xk'KN'NESS. morphine and all drugs dlsT-
e-asfs positively cuned by Willow Bark Co..
tS3>* Polk et. ; consultation free;c*:i or write.
P.T2JOVAL— Vll. W. C. STRATTOX has r7- !
rrweS his offic* from 2255 Mission Ft. to j
ro.3ir.s"CT3 and 5T4. Parrott bldg (Emporium).
AT lees than rest, uncalled for cuits overcoats
sr.d trouper? at CHajU.ES LYONS'. London
Taller. ~'21 Market Et.
ANDERSON— Elegant theatrical anJ rnasquer-
ade cofiuTnes rented. 2G O'Farr*;!! st.
FT'IT? to Order en insts.Umer.ts. $1 i*t -srpfk.
Neuhavz.s ii Co.. merch.tallors, 727-723 Market. [
ETTPBXFIXjOCS hair & moles removed by elec-
, trie n<ai\e. I>r. & Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market.
THE- be«f' place to buy good um.bre!las or j
hare them covered or repaired Is 120 Stockton
TAILOR-MADE euitTfYsnTdVes* pants *2~50.
MisCt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupoct.
KASQX'ERADE co«un:«> p'.ay books wig^.
. '^. cr-ugtry orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO, 733 Mkt.
Al^F'EEDl.'M'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to iis natural color: $1 ; at all druggists'.
BurfrSuous ha.'.r and moles removed with elec-
-.*. • trie iK*<i!e. Mrs. &. Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
, '^lEAL ESTATE-—JCITV — FOR SALE.
• cottages: fir.ished complete with
• ' i'lt-ry convenience; eapy terms; large lots.
. -4 focrri*— StT-XiO.
." • 6'COCTTIS *.?2J»0.
I -fc 'roorr.f — fr^iOO.
.-" « rooKs— 9:>WQ.
••• -7'rocrrs — $1100.*
•'. * rooms— $i60O.
Located en First ar.d Second ave., bet.
, tl'&ry and McAllister Ft. cars ij»d one block
n .rth cf.sark. F. NELSON, builler. '
¦•titC'-^COTrAGE, 4 rooms, €23 Moultrie et..
. xr.-jst te sold to settle estate: also cottage, j
. '•* n ar.d b., 135 Nevada ave.. SlOu down. ba.1. 1
r-rrrj- P. COFFIN & CO.. r.3<JU li'.ssicn St.
-•BL1U3 *on your tin'.mproved realty: we loaa
.". fuir co*t laiprcv. end part lot at C per cent. !
' . MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Creker building, i
'tlSJZ Incorr.e Cats on Fulton, near City Hall;
. ' reasonable. Inquire It2 FuKcn *t.. owner.
•..POINT RICHMOND HEAL. ESTATE.
\ MANUFACTURING «:te. 4 acres, located on
• beta Santa Fe and Southern Pacific roads;
• most a^illabie rite for nsar.ufactuncg pur-
. • fccses en this side of the l;ay: pries very
ffasonstble. For price srd fu!l information
" :*^e i- H. MACDONALD & CO.. 1052 Broad-
. -r.!)- .- Qak'.ar.a.
.' AtAJER front lets sn<J bargains: all tracts;
'. •„ trars rhctc«. etc. CELL. 417 Parrott b'.dg.
/KEjtL KSTATK Country— For Sale.
;.-...-•.'$». ,0 DmVN —
-.'i '. acres' of choice berry .la M in Parramento
• "•- Go* close to scho-jl and in good neighbor-
Bood
** -i. Jifrt dowa-^30 acres alfalfa land un-
•. €;* pi#>4 ditch. Sarrar.fnto County.
.:" F.-r r»-r:t— Improved irrain and dairy
* QUcfclEE ia £*a J«a<iuin and Sacramento
*' Counties.' -
Fur «ilo cheap — .'.n? home In city cf
• Far.ta, Crux.
: QCIGOLK T2* Market rt., care. Whi taker &
] j)sr Cn S'to 3» a. m.. 4 to 5 p. xn.. cr ad-
. tire*-* t>CX 1j, G*3t.
• IN "^t. Ue;*rJt — ti acres choice lara, 5-rooa
. rnusf, wire- wUar and imDrcTemtnts; 1000
. rtnee e.rd sniae crrfcard. prlre J22U0. Apply
to tf MIDDLEMAN. 415 Frcct it.
HO A' JJCNTH buys s ten-acre farm twelv*
(r.iies from write for booklet:
' tt 6 Tree. WKIGHT it KrMBnOUGII. 603
': J' st.. Sscrairer.to. California.
IF roa wsr.t s ttock ranch, dairy or colonlza-
" Men tract, write- CKAS. W. COE A CO.. 43
tTc«t Santa. Et.. San Jose, CaL
-•ALFAL'A Jar.««. *toclc ranches, orchards.
v.fevards; inspected bsrgaics: monthly cats-
- lr«ru*> sect free. C. 5«. WOOSTER CO.-. «J48
., Market st.
.
FOP. poultry er.<i ranches yielding a good
»- rr-flt. HAMILTON A: JCEN'DRICK.Petaiurr.a.
: vHEKKELI: fTliYO TISEMENTS
nERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
¦ A GENTLEMAN'S borne near the new
'. Cuur.tr>' Ciub proumis. .
..-Fine house cf Vj rooms, large stables, etc.;
. 3U act+s of iand; worth seeing.
* Apply to JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate,
.- BerJffley station. \ ¦ \.'~ •
'. y"R f-xchsnr* — Nice house of .5 rooms anj
- fiath: lot .Vulii: funr.y *ide of street; Ftreet
" -work ttl done; \-a!ue «2T^J; mortgaKe ?1&jo;
wili take countrj- property for equity.
" " . JO?. J. MASON, Keal Estate, lierke'.ejr
. • ¦ HV^'AOli. ¦ • *
;-i-:x: «_soN.
Real Estate amd Insurance Ageat.
' ' • Cbclce Property a Specialty.
CC- cor. Shattuck «ve. and Center St.
Berkeley. Cs.1.
; OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
' " CFFICeT 1118 BBOADWAY.
¦¦¦ OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
'j?. U. DOBGE~&^OX.
r_f»i 1160 BROADWAV.
NJre r.e-w house; rrice i-.wJ'); built to live
In; planned by a woman for woman's neeils;
closets- gaJore; lots of arrangements to save
-rork «n<l unneceMirj' steps; well located;
near new ferry Use to San Francisco; large
lot. drive m-ay. etc
. f2<j<X>r- Attractive home; 6 rooms and bath;
bow rested for f20 ;• r month: tenants would
vacate en 15 days' notice ir you want It;
$:¦- -j c**h down; lot 34x100; stable.
L &. m. ix>ix;b & son.
P"| _ioo — COMFORTABLE cottage, with bay-
* window and high basement; lot 140 feet
deep; fine, large barn, gravel driveway; nice
, neigh bortiood ; street work ail dore; above
Bin Pablo ave.; terms Jf you like. GEO. W.
AUSTIN, cr J. B. MYERS. 10C2 Broadway.
Oakland.
TV.'O Baa flats; good location; rent $50 per
month: price only f47OO. P. C. LASSEN &
.CO.. 400 Tenth st.. Oakland. Cal.
Uotfern house. 8 rms.; stable; Mason A. Hamlln
crgan Pffore 12 m.. 422 Orange St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND F-CRJUTmE FOR- SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Schellhaa-. lltb st..oor.store.Oaklnd.
ROOMS FOR HOCSEKCEPIXG :: _
AJ»TLERS. 415 Turk st. — Etrtetly xnodern. 4-S
rootn apartments: fur. or tmfur. for hskpg.
Me ALLISTEH. CIS — Extra large sunny room,
email kitchen; t!2; gas range; adults. .
MINNA. £14 — A few nice sunny housekeeping
rooms to let; thoroughly furnished.
MISSION. 1221. near Eighth— Two sunny con-
necting rooms; <10: no children.
SiODEl, HOUSE, 1206 Stockton st. — Newly
furnished rooms. $5-$12; bath, gas, phone.
TWENTT-THIRD. 3726. nr. Dolores— 3 sanay
bay-wiuflow rooms: neat and complete.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received st Call branch office. 2200 FiHmof.
A BRANCH crr.ee for Ca.ll advertisements and
• subscriptions has been established at '1094
Valencia rt. '-. •
Iloaaekpic Itoonm — Apnrtm't ZIoases.
• THE Frederick. SOI fitanysm. opo. Park— Furn.
yV^ b; -nrr.i-r.tf : pri. bath; <>team heater: Janitor.
ItOOMS TO LET Furn. and 'UnfBrn.
X— BRUN6WICK House, 148 £lxtl» — Kooms
S£c to SI per sight. $1.25 to $S per. week aad
light housekeeping rooms; open all eight.'
*T "The Almonte." 873 Market et. (cr No. 1
Fifth rt.) — Rooms. 2Sc. 60c. tl. $1 60 nlgttt;
si CO to J10 week; house open all night.
STATEMENT
» OB* THJS
CONDITION" AITD AFFAJB3
OP THE
Fidelity and Casualty
COMPANY
OF NETW YORK. IN THE STATE OK NEW
York, on the 31st day of December, a. r>.
10C2. and for tha year ending- on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provision*
of sections «10 and 611 of the Political Code.
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid 09
, la cash 9 230.000 0«
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $ 821.180 S3
Cash Market Value of all Stocks ¦
and Bonds owned by Company.... 3,140.641 C«
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral... 2S8.00O0O
Cash in Company's OfOce 17.19*57
Cash in Banks 63.320 <M
Interest due and accrued on . all
Stocks and Loans 2.937 51
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 897.6M0R
Rents due and accrued 1.087 46
Reeerve reinsurance deposit (cash 1b
Company's possessios) 83.874 88
Total Assets tS.204.671 77
• ¦ ¦ ¦=
LIABILITIES.
Losses la process of Adjustment or
In Suspense..... | 280. S44 U
Losses resisted, including expenses. 623.060 1»
Gross premiums on Risks running
cne year or less. $ : rein-
surance 50 per-eent 3. 007. 843 30
Gross premiums on Risks running
mere than one year, $ -;
reinsurance pro rau S06.T08S4
Due and accrued for salaries,
rent, etc • 33.8O M
Contingent fund 230.000 00
Total Liabilities .<3.S64.8X0 06
IN'COMa. ==========
Net cash actually recelred Jot pr«- .
mtums .14,489^339 93
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loaas. and
from all other sources 134.743 97
Received for rents 64.088 M
Received from all other sources... . C0.489J7
Total Income. .........$4,734.804 00
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for losses (incrad-
tag S , losses of previous
years) $1,822:014 23
Dividends to stockholders 63.300 OO
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 1.173.194 60
Paid for . salaries, fees, and ether
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 2S2.877 8J
Pali for Stats, national and local
taxes ..-: 81,43099
All other payments and expendi-
tures • - 540.423 23
Total Expenditures .$3.967.418 »7
Losses Incurred dnrte* tn» year*. ...J1.3W.22* 37
GEOROE P. REWARD. President.
ROBERT J. HILLAS. Secretary. ,
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2SUi
day of January^ 1^?- KEKR notary Pahlla.
CHAS. <J. BOSWORTH.
' General. Agcnti
318 CALIFORNIA STREET,
««a Franciico, Cal* ._
of PatUe Carlson, aad stepfather of Mrs. W.
E. Henry. ¦ "William Beaumont . and . Garnet
Brown, aged 55 years.
CORCORAN— In this city, October 27, 1903.
Anna Corcoran, dearly - beloved ' mother of
Annie and Lizzie Corcoran, daughter of D.
Meyer, and sister of Mrs. C. SchoII. Mrs. O.
Strohmeler and Miss Lizzie Meyer, a native
of Fan Francisco, ag«d 33 years 3 months
and 7 days.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully innted to attend the funeral services
Friday. October 30, at 2 o'clock, at the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment private.
FLTNN— In Fresno. October 28, 1903. Albert
Joseph Flynn, a native of California, a?ed
30 years.
GOETZ— In this city, October 29, , 1903. be-
loved infant son of Joeeph and Bertha Goetz,
a native of California, aeed 15 days.
GORDON— In this city. October 29. 1903, at
St. Josenh's Home. Thomas Gordon, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 61 years 1 month and
11 days.
CJ'Frienas and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 7:30 o'clock, from the parlors
.of Carew & English, 29 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Boniface's Church, Golden Gate
avenue, where a requiem hisch mass will be
celebrated for tbe re&oee of his soul, com-
mencing- at 8 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HACKETT— In this city. October 29. 1903,
Pavld A., beloved infant son of Edward S.
and Mary Hackett. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 3 months and 8 days.
HALL — In Oakland, October 28,» 1903. Miss
Elthida Mercedes, beloved daughter of Kate
B. and the late Dr. J. U. Hall, a native of
Gold Hill, Nev.. aged 24 years 4 months and
27 days.
HANLY— In this city. October 27, 1903, Annie
F., beloved wife of Thomas J. Hanly. sister
of James F. and John T. Stuart, and mother
of Thomas J., James L., Estelle and Flor-
ence Hunlv. a native of New York.
CTFuneral from the oarlors of the Califor-
nia Undertaking Company, 405 Powell street,
Saturday, October 31. at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holv Cross Cemetery.
HARVEY— In this city, October 2fl. 1903. A.
W. Harvey, a native of Nova Scotia, aged
61 years & months and 17 days. A member
of Garden City Lodge No. 142. I. O. O. F.,
and John A. Dlx Post, G. A. R.
HERLIEHY— In this city. October 23. 190«.
Catherine, wife of John Herllehy. and mother
of John and Charles Herliehy, Mrs. George
Johnston, Mrs.' James McAdams and Mrs.
Andrew Thomson, a native of Ireland, aged
73 years.
CT'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday).- at 8:30 o'clock, from her late'
residence, "2902 Twenty-third street, thence to
St. Peter's Church, where A requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commsnclnsr at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HURLEY— In this city, October 28. 1903.
Michael Hurley, father of Mrs. K. E. Bn>-
gan.and the late Mrs. M. F. Bronson. a na-
tive of Ireland, aged S8 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
at S:30 o'clock, from his late residence. 810
McAllister street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and O'Farrell
street, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the reiiose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
JOHANSEN— In this city. October 29. 190.1.
- Julius Johansen, a native of Sweden, aged
41 years. A member of the Pacific Coaat
Walters' Association.
ETTriends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
at 2:30 o'clock, from the funeral parlors of
Porter. & White. 423 Golden Gate avenue.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KENNEDY— In this city. October 28, 1903,
Bernard Kennedy, a native of Kings County.
Ireland, aged 88 years 4 months and 10 days.
ETThe funeral will take place to-day
(Friday).- at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English. 29 Van Ness avenue. In-
terment private. Holy Cross Cemetery. Please
omit flowers.
McTAMNEY— In this city, October 28, 1903.
Marj- McTamney. beloved mother of Joseph
McTamney. Mrs. Rebecca Hutchinson. Mrs.
L. T. Plant and Mrs. A. M. Wopple, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 67 years and 10 months.
(Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at ft:S0 o'clock, from her late
residence, 441 Minna street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem high
mass atIII be celebrated for tho repose of her
poul. commencing at 0 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cress Cemetery, by carriage.
MOONEY— In this city, October 2S. 1903, at
429 Tenth street. Thomas A. Mooney. be-
loved son of J. n. and Margaret Mooney,
and brother of Mrs. Helen Robertson and
I!" Mrs. John Merrett (Lady Sholto Douglas),
a native of Pennsylvania, aged 32 years 2
months and 30 days.
i EyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
| PACKARD— In Vacaville, Cal.. October 27.
1003. Charles Packard, a native of Hartford,
Conn., aged 71 years 11 months and 1» days.
RICHMOND — In this city, October 29. 1308,
'¦ Mary, eldest daughter of George R. and Jo-
', hanna Richmond, and sister of Sadl» and
1 Belie Richmond, a native of San Francisco.
; ffy Notice cf funeral hereafter.
| SCHUSSEL— October 10, 1903. Conrad Schiia-
sel of Freibur*. Germany, dearly beloved
father of Arthur. Carlos ani Conrad Schus-
tel of San Francisco. Wtlhelm, Eduard.
¦ Max and Marie Schussel, Mrs. Gfetehen
Oestreicher. Amelia Oestreicher and Tenny
Herms of Germany, aged. 80 years.
SHIRLEY— In Vallejo. October 2S. 1903. Bes-
•ie Hooton, beloved wife of Guy Shirley,
': daughter of the late W. J. Hooton. and sis-
ter of Mrs. May H. Tyler and Clara V.
Hubhs, a native of California.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral at 2
o'clock Friday afternoon in the Mission of
the Holy Solrit at San Pablo Hall. Vallejo.
! SIRE — In New York, October 29. 11KKI. Beatrice
Sire, dearly beloved wife of Albert I. Sire.
and daughter of Mrs. Lizzie A. Cook, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 32 years.
¦ SWEENEY— Passed away, in Oakland. Tal..
October 23, lixtt. Gladys W!ma Sweeney,
clearly beloved daughter of John J. and Alice
J. Sweeney, a native of Oakland, Cal., aged
9 months and 9 days.
tCTKriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend th« funeral Friday. October 28, 1903, at
11 o'clock, from the residence of her parents,
510 Forty-fifth street, thence by ferry to San
Francisco, connecting with the funeral car
leaving foot of Market street at 12:15
o'clock. Interment Cycress Lawn Cemetery.
1 WELCH — In this city. October 29. 1903. Mar-
garet Glvr.n Welch, relict of the late Gar-
rett Welch, and mother of John C. Garrett.
Richard J. ar.d Marsraret Welch, Mrs. John
" Madden, Mrs. William Taylor and the- late
James Welch, a native of County Claire,
; Ireland.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invit«5 to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, R!)fc Twenty-second street, thence to
St. Teresa's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, comnienclng at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cress Cemetery. '
JHjr Dr.R.L.Walsh
*» " 847 Geary St
Ilmt y (fpciitt Sintigfc Hall
Reduced Rates for Thirty Days
Painless Extraction ..... 25c
Fillings . ..... . . . . . . 50o
Crowns . . . . . . $2.00 to $5.00
Plate Work . . .$5.00 to $25.00
LOOK 70S THIS AD. EACH OTEXS DAT.
GREATER FRISCO'S
GET NEXT SUNDAY'S GALL
• ¦ •.¦ & f _^^ ¦« -_r r mm 11 0 ".F^ _P"" _F^ 4 ' ¦¦ *__ I
"NOVEMBER "
With Schrcycr's Marvelous Picture
"FLEEING FROM THE FLAMES"
"FLEEING FROM THE FLAMES."
A wild, unreasoning panic often seizes upon men in the presence of
danger, or even when danger is only imagined. Among the lower ani-
mals the greater the intelligence they possess the more they are sub-
ject to terror. It is said that elephants tremble at the sight of a mouse,
and horses, which are credited with more intelligence than most domes-
tic animals, show more fear.
In the picture of Adolph Schreyer, reproduced in The Call art sup-
plement, there is vividly depicted a stampede of terror - stricken horses
from a burning stable. In their blind gallop into the darkness' they have
crashed into a barrier and are plunging and struggling in "confusion,
some entangled in the splintered wood, while others crowd upon them. It . .' .
Pis a scene which gave the artist abundant opportunity for dramatic effect
and vigorous action. He has also displayed his ability as a/colorist. In
its variety and richness of color the greatest merit lies, . and its color
makes this picture one of the artist's masterpieces. . : i .
Bomantic tendencies are strong in all of Schreyer's painting, and
sentiment, color and effect were more important to him . than accurate
draftsmanship. He possessed the power to express strongly what he felt
more than the ability to depict truthfully what he saw.
"Fleeing From the Flames" is owned by the Chicago Art Institute,
and is included in the splendid collection bequeathed to the museum by
the late Albert A. Munger iiv 1898. - .. " .
Reproduction of one other picture by the same artist, "The Arab
. -. • ... , scout," -has been issued by The Sunday Call, and biographical notes
have been published. : "';vi*
flLL NEWSDEALERS AND TRfllN NEWS AGENTS SELL
THE SUNDAY CALL.= =HOSTESS AND SOME OF THE
GUESTS AT A LUNCHEON
LAST NIGHT. "
Wedding- cake boxes, wedding utatlonery. Ed
u4 a. Kncwlei.'24 Becoad it.: Mala 638. •
.», MILTON,-. Oct. 29. — James G. - Stanawa y of
this . place celebrated . his ¦ one hundredth > birth
day \to-day. •: * '>
; 'Old Kirk Whisky is the purest«and the
finest ; ever ! put on ithisimarkat, 71 ; We ask
.good Judges to ; sample • ltflBHMBef •
The regular r weekly entertainment , at
the - South ' Park" Settlement j this evening
,wiir consist^ of "a, 'stereopticonVexhibition
and several 'selections *¦ by i the * Cpsmopolis
Quartet/";, The' public , is Invited ; to : attend."
Entertainment at South' Park.
1 \ ' The - : Board ¦ of Public -.Works • yesterday
awarded contracts 1 to 'various bldders'for
certain street, work on Ninth ™; avenue,'
from ; H :' to I street; street;:Eight- ? .Lynch :
eenth 1 street, between} York . arid ' Hamp
shire ; - Lake : i\ street,- v, between : • Twenty
fourth and .Twenty-sixth a venues ;t Wash
ing ton", Gtreet/-? between avenue ', and
Cherry ; street,* and * Eleventh is avenue, \ be
tweenflfandrjrstrMts.-: 332&&SB8ti&8A v ' :
Contract for Street Work.
" i.William .Stewart, cook on board /the
steamer ,' St.- Paul,", was 'arrested'yesterday
by : the United States' Marshal on a charge
of ;wounding Adolph ' Miller,' the steamer's
butcher,' bn.the high Jseas.- United States
Court; Commissioner jHeacock fixed -, Octo
ber 31 as the date" for. the. examination.
Cook Stewart Arrested.
The United -States Civil -Service Com
mission' announces that-., an examination
will be held at San . Francisco December
9 for the position of architectural drafts
man ; in the Philippine seryice.;at'$1400 per
annum. Age "limit, -"18 to v<0; years. -Ap
ply to the .United States Civil, Service
Commission, .Washington.- D. C., for ap
plication . forms . 2 \ and 375, .which should
be. properly executed ; an3 filed "¦ with . the
commission at Washington.
3>raf tsmen^ Wanted.
¦ Good, service in large "demand — that's why we
are always i busy.' Mysell-Rolllns, 22 Clay. ?
M. CHausman is the plaintiff in a suit
filed yesterday * against , Annie. - Boland,
widow. : of former /Public Administrator
Patrick ¦ Boland. He sues as. the assignee
of;M.' C. Hassett,' Boland's attorney, who
claimsHhat he advanced \ Boland $1555 20,
the amount sued for. V 7> .
Patrick Boland's Widow Sued.
• The -. first : race , meeting '• of the California
Automobile, Club ;at- Injcleslde track, Friday
and Saturday, November "C : and - 7. : . promises
to be a : noted ''as 'well as novel event in Cali
fornia rportlns annals. The- Southern; Pacific
will run' a ssecial train i on s both; days, 'leaving
Third and Townsend streets station at ; 12:30
p. m.,' and Injjleside,', returning, after the :rac
ing. Fare for round-trip. 30 centa. Tickets at
013 Market street, or Third and Tounsend.* *
Southern Pacific Special Train Ser
'.vice.' <
GREAT AUTOMOBILE RACES* AT
'-/:, ' INQLESIDE. . ;..! v. .
- United-States District' Judge de Haven
handed down an opinion yesterday giv
ing judgment for the ¦ libelant In the suit
of P. B. ; Cornwall arid others against
J.J. Moore & Co. \ The libel was brought
to recover $7500 for : breach of charter
party. United States Commissioner Morse
was authorized , to . take testimony and re
port; as to the amount of damages to be
assessed. *
.William Herbold filed a libel in the
United States District Court yesterday
against the McCollam. Fishing and'Trad
ing'Company.to recover $363 wages alleged
to be due as cook on the American steam
er Volant and J500 for damages for having
been "marooned in Alaska. . ...
Libels Filed and . Decide/1.
Harvey came from! San. Jose ¦ to this city
about ; a .week ago. , On last Thursday he
was in company with Dr. Troppman and
seemed to be cheerful. ,He ; 'did not. allow
the least; Intimation to escape him that
he contemplated suicide. ... . . .-
Born May. 12. 1812.
Dear Charley :f I expect to do something that
the world -looks on as a crime and ask you to
be -In at. the finish. ..The last time you saw me
that sore on my face seemed to be well; since
then it has broken out again and is larger than
ever.: and a month a?o I was taken clck with
stomach trouble and have not been able to go. to
work yet. and: I think there,. is a sore In my
stomach thf same as on my face. So I have
made. up my mind to end tt all. I intend to go
to the city to do It, and if successful want you
when my^body ]s found to turn it over to an
undertaker and have it cremated at as little
expense as possible. I will inclose a money or
der to. you which I hope will . cover the cost.
Now. Charley. ¦> look on it as I do. I don't see
anything before me but misery, but the sooner
It is" ended the better. I have written to my
sister and Mrs. Church." I don't do it here, as
there is no man in the Church family to attend
to it. and we have always been such goud
friends I thought I. could count on yon to fin
ish me up. Bid .the " family good-by, for me.
Good-by and success to you 'in all your under
takings. ' ' ', - , A. W. HARVEY.
Rather than suffer a lingering death
from cancer Andrew W. Harvey, a post
offlce mail clerk of San Jose, took "the
open door" of. the Stoic philosophers and
voluntarily ' went out of life. His dead
body with a bullet" wound In the right
temple was found yesterday morning by
Policeman James Foley in the shrubbery
north of the buffalo paddock and south
of the aviary of Golden Gate Park. A
cheap bulldog revolver lay on the ground
near the right hand of the dead man.
In the pockets of , the clothing were
found two . sealed letters, one addressed
to Dr. Charles M. Troppman of 452 Sixth
street.' San Francisco, ¦ and the other to
Mrs. J. B. Church, 178 E. St. James street,
San Jose. The letter to Mrs. Church re
lates simply to the disposition of his
•body. That to Dr. Troppman reads as
follows: , :
- SAN JOSE. Oct. 1C. 1003.
"Resolved, That in payment of all ser
vices up to the date hereof the j\ be paid
from the , treasury stock In fully paid stock
of this company as follows to wit: D. S.
Richardson, 2000 shares; E. M: Hoagland,
2000 shares; J. W. Erwin, 500 > shares: H.
P. Thrall, 500 shares; EarlKH. Webb, 50
shares; R. H. E. Espey, 50 shares."
¦ There was also Introduced In evidence
a vote of the. same meeting orderingithe
payment to Postmaster Montague,' as
treasurer of . the company, $740 advanced
by him as expenses. '
The Investigation will be resumed at 1:30
p^ xa. to -day, '
"Whereas, D. S. Richardson. E. M.
Hoagland. James W. Erwin, H. P. Thrall,
Earll H. Webb and R. H. E. Espey have
spent much time and energy in 'advanc
ing the Interests of this company, for
which they received no compensation;
now, therefore, be It
and as having denied holding any ' stock
in the company. The witness said that
the published report of the interview was
incorrect and denied having made such
statements.- < '
The following resolutions adopted at a
meeting of the company on January 9,
1900, were introduced in evidence:
Marchimago went the .restaurant
and, arming himself with a hatchet, bat
tered down the door Of Kagal's bedroom.-
He attacked Nagai with the hatchet and
Nagai'B wife rushed into the. street. and
blew a police whistle. Policeman Herjlhy
responded and when he entered the bed
room found the two Japanese locked in
a deadly embrace and blood pouring from
Nagal's head.' It is not expected that Xa
gai's wounds will prove fatal. .
Marchimago was . Instructed before Po
lice Judge Fritz yesterday and the case
was continued till to-morrow.
Sada Xagai, proprietor of a Japanese
restaurant at 619 Sacramento street, is at
the Central Emergency Hospital with a
fractured skull and numerous wounds,
and Y. Marchimago, cook and waiter at
the restaurant, is in the City Prison on a
charge of assSult to murder. -
The cook became intoxicated on
Wednesday night and went to several
Japanese resorts and raised a disturbance.
He slept in a room at the restaurant and
about 4 o'clock- yesterday morning he
knocked at the door of the .room occupied
by Xagai and his wife and demanded
more money, although he had been paid
his wages in full on Wednesday. Nagai
told him to go to bed, as he would not
get any more money.
Sada Nagai Suffers From a Fractured
Skull and His Assailant Is
Arrested.
JAPA2TESE COOK ATTACKS
EMPLOYER WITH HATCHET
Suits for divorce, were also filed ¦ by
Florence P. Smith against Francis P.
Smith for neglect, Carrie Meinen against
Anton Meinen for desertion and May Mil
herjn'against A. Milhern for .desertion.
Interlocutory decrees of divorce on the
ground of desertion were granted to Nora
Flaherty from- E. J. Flaherty, Catherine
Fulton from David Fulton . and Otto L.
Smith from C. F. Smith.
A suit for divorce was filed yesterday
by ¦ Sallie Brallier against D. , S. Brallier.
They were married in May. 1897. Mrs.
Brallier alleges, cruelty and in support of
her charge aye'rs that her husband his
on. more. than one occasion cursed and
abused her. She says that on , the night
of September 26 of this year he locked her
out cf their home and she was compelled
to seek refuge with a friend.. On tko
night j of . September . 27, she alleges, he
again locked her out, and she had to.re
enter her house by a window.
Sallie Brallier Claims She Had to
Enter Her Home Through
a Window. -
SAYS HUSBAND TREATS
HER IN CRUEL MANNER
Incurable Cancer Impels
Him to End His
Existence.
HARVEY TAKES
THE OPEN DOOR
Many were the little quips that ; crept
Into these toasts, but they were solemn—
undeniably solemn. .¦. ;.. : -
But it must be remembered that women
have toyed with toasts only -a very few.
years and they haven't yet' got on fa
miliar terms with them. .,
The luncheon, taken all in all, was an
eminent, success.^.; The menu, was excel
lent and the place. cards possessed an ar-.'
tistic value all ; their, own. They s were
cleverly executed ' in ' water .{ colors and
were twelve . inches \ long ; by ¦ ten * wide.
Pretty souvenirs they made of a very
pretty occasion.
The first toast was "Up-to-date He
roes," by Mrs. George Law Smith, presi
dent of the California Club. With rather
an unpromising subject (why will women
select such solemn toasts?) Mrs. ; Smith
did admirably. Her voice was good,'like
wise her enunciation, and what she had
to say carried to the farthest end of the
room. She dwelt on the evanescence of
honors, saying that the hero of yesterday,
was ofttlmes a shattered idol oftQ-day.
She spoke of the early worship of Dewey,
Miles and other wartime heroes, .who later
fell under the ban of public displeasure
for reasons Inexplicable. Altogether Mrs.
Smith's .talk was one of the cleverest
given— many of the guests pronouncing* it
to be the' best— and there were many
rather clever replies to toasts, If not
startlingly brilliant.
Mrs. Smith was followed by . Mrs. - Ella
M. Sexton on "Ragtime"; '.'Woman's
Weapons," by Miss R, Abel; "The"Stren
uous Life," Mrs. Horace Wilson; "Beaten
Paths," Mrs. Julius Kahn; "Femlnini
ities," by Mrs. Josephine deGreayer;
"Social Diplomacy," Mrs. G. W. Haight;
"Points of View," Mrs. A.'- L. Lengfeld ;
"Americanisms," Mrs. F. G. Sanborn;
"The Literary Guillotine," Mrs. . T. . W.
Collins; "The Bachelor Girl," Mrs. L.. L.
Dunbar; "The Stars and Stripes," Mrs.
W. R. Parnell.
Mrs. Lowenberg, gowned in a gray silk
frock, welcomed her guests with a few
gracious remarks and introduced' her
daughter, Mrs. Brown, as toastmaster—
and a clever one she proved to be. .
The guests were graciously received by
the hostess, assisted by her daugttter,
Mrs. A, L.- Brown, and Mrs. M. J. Bran
denstein, Mrs.'Moses Heller, Mrs. William
Greenebaum, Mrs. Leon Sloss, Mrs. D.
Neustadter, Mrs. I. Hecht, -.Mrs. J. J.
Jacobl, Mrs. B. Arnhold, - Mrs. J. O.
Hirshfelder, Mrs. Henry Sahleln and Miss
Eva Wineburgh.
At 1 o'clock the ladles . sat down to
tables aglow with roseate lights and
bearing blossoms in prodigal profusion.
Pink prevailed, but green, the color be
loved by nature, was much in evidence.
And when the guests were seated— what
a kaleidoscope of color prevailed ! j There
were gowns whltp and gowns pink and
gowns blue; likewise was there black
and gray and ruby red. And such millin
ery! To place a financial estimate? upon
the assembled headgear would be traitor
ous and unwomanly, but the artistic esti
mate can be summed up in a word — it
was. stunning.
many years has gathered about
her at luncheon the members of the Phi
lomath and the Laurel Hill clubs, likewise
the presidents of other clubs with which
she has affiliated.
+ . ¦— . *
CLUB women to the number of 240
gathered yesterday In the Maple
Room of the Palace as guests of
Mrs. Isidore Lowenberg, who for
A fire alarm was turned In from box 76
and the department responded. There
was only a small blaze, which the chem
ical engine subdued. The loss was smail,
though some of the clothes were parMy
destroyed.
Two employes of the F. Thomas Paris
ian Dyeing and Cleaning Works at 27
Tenth street were painfully burned in an
explosion of benzine yesterday afternoon.
The accident is supposed to have been
due to igniting of matches in some of the
clothes that were being put through a
cleaning machine.
The two iniured men, J. W. llarp of 2C
.West Mission street and J. ViessTt of
87 Stevenson street, were woiking near
a cleaning machine which J conlaii ed a
benzine tank with a capacity of twenty
five gallons. When the explosion occurred
the blazing fluid was scattered in all di
rections. A quantity of it struck the two
men and burned their arms and faces se
verely. They were taken to a drug store
in the neighborhood, where temporary re
lief was given, and they were then sent to
the Central Emergency Hospital.
Two Men iDJured in an
Accident at Dyeing
Establishment.
The committee asked Platt if the trans
fer privileges with the Market street road
could - not : be\ continued, ... but ¦ Platt said
that the .; price— $4000 monthly— asked by
the United Railroads Was prohibitive.
E. P. E. Troy argued that Platt was en
titled to no consideration from the board,
because a circular had been.issued slan
dering public officials, and that Christo
pher A, Buckley's guide had boasted, that
the former: Democratic boss had used
money . to . buy votes against the proposi
tion^ of the city ownership of the Geary
street , road.** Troy was told . to go to - the
Grand Jury with his plaint.
Platt stated- that the fact that the
United Railroads had' discontinued its
transfer privileges ' would materially re
duce the receipts of the Geary street road.
The » big corporation offered continue
the privileges for $4000 per month,'an-in
crease of $3000 above the existing contract,
Platt saiA: ;¦ : Y '> - - r
The Geary Street Company does not consider
the temporary permit as a 'franchise and ad
mits . that it is > revocable at the pleasure of
the board, the object of both the company and
the board being to accommodate the traveling
public . pending the necessary delay incident
to the granting of a new franchise.
The company does not' claim any right to
operate Its cars after the ¦ expiration of Its
present franchise and - will attempt in no way
to misconstrue Into a franchise this temporary
operation. - /< ~ <
This company - will keep in repair all that
portion of the street between the rails and
for two feet on either side thereof..
1, 1904, providing the company enter into
a written stipulation waiving all rights to
a franchise to operate the ". road and. all
rights to the roadbed and agree to pay 5
per cent of its gross receipts to the, city.
The City Attorney was also asked to
advise whether such a resolution will
jeopardize any of the rights of the city
and could be construed as recognizing or
conferring any right whatever on the
Geary Street Railroad; or its bondholders
or creditors, after February 1,1904.
"Our franchise expires on November 6,"
said .Horace G. Platt, president' of the
company," addressing the committee, "and
we do not claim any rights to run a car
after "that date. In order not to inconve
nience the public we would like to con
tinue operating the cars until a new fran
chise is granted. I state unhesitatingly
and unqualifiedly that the company will
not construe any. temporary permit into a
franchise, privilege. The board of direct
ors of the'eompany will sign a stipulation
relinquishing any rights it might. have in
the premises." i\\
| Platt thereupon submitted the following
agreement:
The Geary Street Company la willing' to pay
to the city In consideration of not being; In-,
terfered with after the expiration of its fran
chise on | November 6 and until the cranting
of a new franchise 5 per cent of Its cross
receipts durinjr said temporary operation. :
This action of. the board In permitting this
temporary ooeratlon la authorized under the
charter, which Rives the board control over
all streets and the operation of all railroads
thereon. •
.The Supervisors' Public Utilities Com
mittee yesterday requested the City At
torney to advise as to the legality of a
proposed resolution favored by the com
mittee and providing that no, interference
in the operation of the Geary-street road
will be ordered by the Board of Supervis
ors from November 6, the date of the ev
piration of its franchise, • until February
LARGE BENZINE
TANK EXPLODES
Geary- Street Road to Be
Operated Until Feb
ruary 1, 1904.
; -
MAY RUN CARS
WITHOUT PERMIT
. A. M. Cox, superintendent of the city
delivery department of the San Francisco
Postofflce, was called to testify as to the
utility of the invention.- He said that it
was useful in the - business district,
where the mall was collected by
pestofflee " employes who did nothing
else, but, it was not of much use
In the residence part of town, where
the mails were collected less frequently
and by the same men who delivered the
mails. Mr. Cox admitted that he was a
stockholder in the Montague-Richardson
company. He added that he had made
las statement of all that he knew about
the matter to Inspector Wayland two or
three months ago. and that he had also
told Mr. End-in as to wnat his testimony
would £>e regarding the utility of the time
indicator.
UNRELIABLE PAPER REBUKED.
The witness was at this stage of the
proceedings confronted, by. Mr. Knight
with an interview published in an even-
Ing newspaper on June 24," 1903, in which
Mr. Cox is represented as having- highly
praised the device in «n<juaUfled terms
"Is the testimony that you have given
here practically the same as that given
ty you before the Grand Jury in Wash
ington?" asked Mr. Knight.
"Yes, sir." was the reply.
."You testified as fully and completely
regarding Mr. Erwin here as you did
there T
"Yrg."
. ".Your examination by the District At
torney here was as complete as it was
by- the prosecuting officer in Washing
"Dld any of these persons on the back
cf this indictment know anything about
Mr. Erwin in these transactions?"
*'I don't know."
"Did Erwin ever advise or consult with
you relative to any stock being given to
Beavers or Machen?"
"Xo. sir."
"Did he have anything to do directly or
•Indirectly with the giving of that stock?"
"No."
"He never planned the giving of that
stock with jour*
"No."
"Did Erwin have anything to do with
j-t-u relative to the terms under which
these devices would be shown to the Gov
ernment?"
"Not that I know of."
EEWIFS INNOCENCE SHOWN.
The witness stated In answer to fur
ther questions that Mr. Erwin had noth
ing to do with the negotiations between
the company, and the Government for the
adoption or sale of the de\-lces. He had
assisted in gathering data as to the cost
of manufacture of the time indicators
He thought that Mr. Erwin believed that
the device should receive favorable con
sideration by the department on Its mer
lta. The witness went on -to state that
In June. 1900. Erwin went to Washington
en official business and the Richardson
"memorandum which he took with him
was simply Incidental business. "We as
sumed that we would have to pay the
freight," resumed the witness* "but there
was no understanding with the Govern
ment with reference to that matter." He
could not say why the Government did
not advertise for bids for the time Indi
cator. He supposed that it was adopted
on its merits.
In reply to a question by United States
District Attorney Woodworth Mr. Way
land eald that the Government was not
receiving any more of the Richardson de
vices. Two thousand of them were In
the storehouse at Reading, Pa., and 40tX)
more were in another storehouse, the
Government not having paid for any of
them.
Daniel S. Richardson, who still holds
the position of superintendent of the San
Francisco postofflce. was called to the
stand for cross-examination by Mr.
Knight.
DEVICES ON THE SHELF.
Mr. Knight asked whether the witness
knew of instructions having been given at
¦Washington, D. C, to have all mail ad
dressed from that city to Erwin and from
Erwin to persons there opened and in
spected.
The witness replied that no such order
had been given; that the Postmaster
General himself would not have had any
authority to gi\*e such an order, which
would be in plain violation cf the law.
. "When asked as to whether Mr. Erwin
Had not made a statement to the witness
freely and voluntarily, Mr. Wayland re
plied that when he called upon Mr. Erwin
for an explanation the latter did not seem
to know much about the matter, especial
ly with relation to the Government hav
ing been obliged to pay the freight on the
machines and about the increase in the
price from $4 and 54 25 each to $4, $4 50
and (5 for the different sizes. It was then
that" Erwin produced the memorandum
that had been introduced in evidence.
"There was quite a lot of information
that he ought to have given us, but he
d'^n't teil us at all," continued the wit
ness. "We asked him if he had ever writ
ten a letter to Machen, dated February 19,
1300. and he said that he thought that he
"had not written it, but when I produced
the letter he said, 'Yes, that is my signa
ture; I have written that letter.' He
probably never volunteered or told us
anything material about the case until we
had told him that we knew about it, and
then he would tell us about it. Richard
son, as president of the company, gave us
the papers concerning the whole transac
tion."
- Postoffic© Inspector C. L. "Wayland of
Washington. D. C, contributed some fur
ther Interesting information before United
States Court Commissioner Heacock yes
terday afternoon with regard to the ways
2nd means by which Daniel S. Richard
son and his associates prevailed upon
August W. Machen and George \V. Beav
ers to adopt tiie time indicator letter box
device without advertising for bids and
without considering the merits of other
devices that had been offered to the Post
office Department at less than one-third
the cost. This information was brought
out on the cross-examination by Samuel
Knight, attorney for James W. Erwin,
the indicted postal official.
¦ Mr. Wayland swore that some of the
devices xm file in Machen's office in Wash
ington ' were automatic, and nearly all
were simpler than the one put on the
market by" the Montague- Richardson Com
pany. Some of the devices had been test
ed by the Government, he said, but he did
not know why they had not been accepted.
V- WHAT ERWIN KNEW.
In the Cross Examination Attorney
Knight Brings to light Some Very-
Interesting Tacts in Post
office Scandal.
£new Little Concerning the
Sale of Mail Boxes to
Government.
The cases came up for trial, ' but were
never finished, a compromise being ef
fected. The trust company agreed to al
low the deeds of the realty to stand and
withdraw its charge of undue influence
provided the Brundages would give up all
claim to the personal property. .This of
fer was accepted by .the- Brundages ; and
in June,. 1900, all the x sults were dismissed.
Later the property was distributed.
It is now claimed, by the Park Commis
sioners and the other plaintiffs in the
present actions that they were not parties
to the compromise. The Commissioners
especially oppose ¦ the settlement on the
ground that by the retention, by the
Brundages of the realty the park Is de
spoiled of the . wherewithal to carry out
Sweeney's plans as made by him when
he was mentally capable and which he at
that time provided for in his will.
INTERESTED IN PARK.
The Park Commissioners' interest in the
estate of Sweeney is. due to the fact that
Sweeney during hia life showed a'decid
ed Interest in Golden Gate Park. It was
at his expense, that Strawberry Hill was
beautified and he also defrayed the cost
of the erection of the observatory on it3
summit. He frequently stated that he
would complete the building and told
several of his friends that in the event of
his death his relatives would carry out
his plans. In 1595, while the building was
in course of erection-, Sweeney' made his
will, and when it was offered for probate
after his death in January, 1900, it showed
that he had fulfilled his promise. The
will contained a clause bequeathing to the
California Title and Trust Company, ex
ecutor of the will, in trust for. the Park
Commissioners, a block of land south of
the park. The will directed the executor
to. use the' realty for the benefit of the
Strawberry Hill project and empowered
it to make such disposition of it as would
best enable the Commissioners to carry
out his plans. The property was never
distributed according to the terms of the
will, however, as Mary Ann Brundage,
sister of the deceased, and Charles S.
Brundage, her husband, came forward
with deeds executed by Sweeney in Oc
tober, November and December, 1S99, giv
ing them all the property he had previ
ously disposed of by will. All the deeds
were executed within three months of
the death of the testator, at a time when,
It. Is alleged, he was mentally, incompe
tent, and suits to cancel them were im
mediately begun by the trust company.
The , Brundages also brought suits, they
asking for a decree declaring the title to
the land, to be vested in them.
BRTTNDAOES TAKE BEAXTY.
The Park Commissioners' suit to set
aside the judgments obtained through the
compromise of the stilts over the estate
of Thomas U. Sweeney , was partly heard
yesterday by Judge Seawell. The suit Is
one of the four brought for a similar pur
pose, the other three being by W. E. and
C. C. Lane, brothers-in-law of ' Sweeney,
and Lucy Clark, his sister-in-law. The
defendant in each action Is Charles S.
Brundage, Sweeney's brother-in-law, and
owner under the compromise of several
blocks of land &outh of. the park. The
suits are brought on the ground that
neither the Lanes nor Mrs. Clark^nor the
Park . Commissioners were parties to the
compromise and on\ the further ground
that Sweeney was of unsound mind at
the - time he conveyed to Brundage the
property in dispute. A number of wit
nesses were examined yesterday by for
mer Superior Judge Dalngerfleld, attorney
for the Commissioners, arid they all tes
tified that Sweeney was undoubtedly
mentally weak during the last year of his
life. Their acquaintance with Sweeney,
they said, extended over a period of ten
years or more, and they each related
many Incidents tending to prove the Com
missioners' claim that he was incompe
tent. Several of them testified also that
Sweeney's hobby was the upbuilding of
Golden Gate" Park and In particular
Strawberry Hill, upon' which he had par
tially erected an observatory. The wit
nesses were Cyrus Hault, N. W. Hanks,
Henry Beaver, Dr. F. W. Harris, V>\ O.
Scott and George B. Mackrett.
jJichardson Says the Ac
cused Postal Official
Is Innocent
Claim They Were Not Parties
to Settlement With the
Brundages.
Park Commissioners and
Heirs Want Compro
mise Annulled.
EXONERATES
ERWIN FROM
COMPLICITY
SWEENEY ESTATE
AGAIN IN COURT
fHE SAN FRAKGISCP CALt^ FBIDAT, OCTOBER 30, 1903.
Mrs. Isidor Lowenberg Acts as Hostess to Throng of
Club Women in Maple Room of Palace, Several of
Whom Make Entertaining Responses to Toasts
BRIGHT FEMININE SPEECHES
GIVE A ZEST TO LUNCHEON
16
Friday. Saturday and Saturday N'istht.
SEEDED RAISINS. 18 oz. pk«3. 3 for 23c.
BEST t UTTER, Point Reyes sql9C
Good, sweet Creamery Butter, larff* .
gquares; usually 43c.
ROYAL BAKING POWDER, pound 36c.
BEST EASTERN HAMS I Ib9lc
Small pig shoulders. Plunap and tender.
CLEANED CURRANTS. 3 lbs 25c.
BEST RANCH "EGGS doz 45c
Exactly what you pay 55c for. Strictly
fresh.
COOKING BRANDY. Pint bot. 25c.
SALAD OIL 20c qt bot 15c
Gallon 65c, five gallons $3. Beat fur salad*.
12 LARGE BOXES 5c MATCHES. 35c
JAYAand MOCHA COFFEE, broken, 3lbs 50c
Good, strong, rich Coffee. "Tls pure and
all we claim for it. '
PABST MALT, 3 bottles 50c.
60c TEAS, all kinds ~~ !b 38a \
Pure Teas at reasonable prices— no prize*. '
WHISKY— 90c qt. bottle Me. "
TABLE CLARET, XXX ga! 400
Smooth." rich body wina — worth COc
EVAPORATED APPLES— pound. 5c.
PCRfoFSHERRY, Elsen gal 88s
Well-aged wine, sold on merit. Taste at
atore. Worth <1.25.
SATDSDAY WIGHT O3LY.
Extra Specials from 6 to U p. ra. AIT crd«ra
. , ' delivered Monday. ,
FELS NAPTIIA and Benztlene Soap, 6 bars.2So
TABLE FRUIT&— Peaches, Pears. Cots. 15o
cans •"• • lfta
ENGLISH BREAKFAST / TEA— 50c lb...,...25c
•WORCESTERSHIRE.. MARSHALL'S. 2 bot-
tles • • • *•'.-.' 25o
JESSE MOORE or Monogram AA Whisky.
bottle.: '•-•' 6flo
i All Specials Good With Country Orders.
1001 FILLMORE ST.- 119 TAYLOR ST.
TUT BOOTS & GUTTERS &EPAXS29*
AHLBiCH . & MATES.
* PLUMBERS AND JOBBER^
. 836 XCOWAXD ST.
Xelephone Howard 313&
ADVEBTISEMENTS. '., J .^..^-.
PfitSMk / - r*B*SiiSr5^ /t^'^^^r^v^^r / JUS?'" ** 1
BmRHf •'* *•, *. ¦•;. -'5*" siV'/v^ +*** "***w':"f i'**V CBlfiEM^BjHK^^B^B
BbBSi^bW**'' -sV« V*/"i • .•S\' f^\l ri^ < ¦ V.~^T ¦ **..^^ TJiT M T^BMIflffltMrt
B9v St * '• ****•" i^"v**^*^ *** ¦*.»'**»^*** m*z^ •' •* %.%• **• 1089
Parkdale Tennis Club, Chicago, from^ex-
perience advises all young girls who have
pains and sickness peculiar to their sex, to use
Lydia E* Pinkham's Vegetable Compound*
How many beautiful young girls develop into worn, listless and
hopeless women, simply because sufficient attention has not been paid
to their physical development. No woman is exempt from physical
weakness and periodic pain, and young girls just budding into woman-
hood should be carefully guided physically as well as morally.
¦^ If you knevr of any young lady "who is sick, and needs motherly
advice, ask her to write to Mrs. Pinkham at Lynn, Mass., who will
give her advice free, from a source of knowledge which is un-
equalled in the country I>° no * hesitate about stating details
which one may.not like to talk about, and -which are essential for
a full understanding of the case.
z^s. Miss Hannah E. MershonrColIings*
js^^i^. wood, N. J., says :
iBmMimmi "I thought I would write and tell you
that, by following your kind advice, I feel lika
a new person. I was always thin and delicate,
5a5^ *?S^ sllf anc * 60 -vve^k th afc \ could hardly do anythirg.
flrv figf Menstruation was irregular.
V" !& U I tried a bottle of your Vegetable Co.
llm^* J pound and began to feel better right away. I con-
jJ$0mS§^~^l^ tinued its use, and am now well and strong, and
{^jffliJHSlJgfflSPKw menstruate regularly. I cannot saj enough for
J&pK^&S&S^f what your medicine did for me."
£$$£ks Ow rs ' P in^^ am Helped
fSXflQ Fannie Kumpe.
"Deah Mrs. Pikkham: — I feel it is my duty to
write and tell you of the benefit I have derived from your advice and
the use of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. The 'pains
in my back and womb have all left me, and my menstrual trouble is
corrected. I am very thankful for the good advice you gave me, and I
shall recommend your medicine to all who suffer from female weakness."
— Miss Fannib Kumpe, 1922 Chester St, Little Rock, Ark. (Dec. 16, 1900.)
Lydia E. Pinkham^s Vegetable Compound will cure any
woman in the land who suffers from womb troubles, inflamma-
tion of the ovaries, kidney troubles, nervous excitability, nervous
prostration, and all forms of woman's special ills.
ApAAA FORPElT« T « cannot forthwith prodnco th« original letters and signatorM of