ENTS.
PRICE FIVE*!
The Macedonian organization Is re
ported to be planning a big movement.
General Zentchieff is said to be organizing
The Autonomye says the Turkish com
mander In the district of Seres has or
dered hla subordinates to kill and destroy
everybody and everything Bulgarian im
mediately the insurgent band appear,
dgbt hundred men. women and children
have gone to YasllDd. and the Turkish
Government is arranging to send them to
Asia Minor. The Turkish population la
fleeing toward Constantinople.
A fierce fight has occurred at Passaqual.
twenty miles from Adrianople, where
three Turkish battalions surrounded a
body of insurgents. A second band came
to the assistance of their comrades, who
thereupon broke through the cordon, kill
ing 150 Turks.
JOFIA. Aug. 2S.— The general situa
tion In the vilayet of Adrianople
continues alarming. The revolution
ists have destroyed all the Turk
ish posts along the frontier.
Terror Reigns in the
Homes at Jldri*
anople.
MASSACRE
THE ORDER
FOR TURKS
Continued on Page 2, Columns 3 and 4.
OYSTER BAY, L. I., Aug. 28.— President Roosevelt was informed to-night of
the Incorrectness of the. report that United States' Vice Consul Magels
sen, at Beirut, Syria, had been assassinated. ¦ The ; -President expressed
gratification that Consul Magelssen had escaped' without injury from the"
assault of. the. would-be murderer. • ¦ l • '
He announced, however, that no change at present would be madeTin the
plans of this Government, and that the European squadron, which he, last night
ordered to proceed immediately to Beirut, "would 'go', to; its, ordered "destina
tion. It can be paid that the President' and Secretary Hay^ both regarded it ad
visable, in view of the present state of unrest in Turkey, to have American
.war vessels in Turkish waters. : ...•,.-. .... .. *. V->Vr\
CONSTANTINOPLE, Aug. 28.— It transpires that the report that
Vice Consul Magelssen was killed is incorrect. An unknown indi
vidual fixed at him, and the bullet passed close to the Vice Con
sul, but did not touch him.
The Vali of Beirut visited Vice Consul Magelssen, expressing his
regrets for the outrage, and ordered measures for the arrest of the per
son who fired the shot. The error in stating that .Vice Consul. Megelssen
had been killed arose from a mistake In a cipher telegram. ' ; <
WASHINGTON, Aug. 28.— The State Department '. to-night re
ceived a cablegram from Minister Leishman at Constantinople confirm
ing the dispatch announcing that the' report that Consul Megelssen had
been assassinated was incorrect. The Minister says the mistake made
by him in announcing the assassination was due- to an error in the
transmission of the cipher dispatch from Consul Ravendal at Beirut. .
Mistake in Assassination Report
Hue to Cipher Bungling.
TURKISH OFFICIAL
EXPRESSES REGRET
CAPITAL. OF THE. SULTAN OF TURKEY AND TWO NOTABLE AMER
ICANS WHO. ARE TAKING A CONSPICUOUS PART IN THE TROU
BLE THAT OCCURRED IN SYRIA.
Continued on Page 2,' Colnnrn 5,
ductoT had secreted in his hip pocket.
To-night when the conductor was being
searched the robber said to him that he
would not leave $6 this time. The de
scriptions of the robbers are the same
as given of those in the former job, but
are anything but complete or satisfactory. .
ROME, Aug. 28.— Dr. Lardy, the Swiss
Minister at Paris, and Professor Matzen
of Copenhagen University have refused to
be arbitrators in the question of Vene
zuelan preferential claims. Count Lams
dorf. the Russian Minister for Foreign
Affairs, telegraphed to-day to the Italian
Foreign Office, asking if Italy had any
objection to postponing the first meeting
of the tribunal so as to give the Czar
time to choose two other arbitrators.
Italy's reply raised no difficulties in the
matter.
LARDY AND MATZEN WILL
NOT ACT AS ABBITBATOBS
Climbs a Forty-Foot Telegraph Pole
and Brings Down Unconscious
Workingman.
AUGUSTA Me.,. Aug. 28.— James G.
Blalne climbed a forty-foot telegraph pole
to-day to rescue a lineman, Edward Finn,
who had touched a live wire and tallen
unconscious over the crossbars. Several
linemen shouted for assistance when Finn
fell, but none thought of going up.
Blalne was playing tennis near by and
saw the accident. He Jumped the fence,
ran to the foot of the pole and rapidly
climbed up. When he reached Finn he
called to a lineman to come up, and to
gether they got the unconscious man to
the ground with the aid of a rope.
Finn was eent to a hospital, where It is
expected he will recover.
JAMES G. BIiAINE SAVES
A HELPI/ESS LINEMAN
One alternative is that the* President
shall act In accordance with' the provis
ions of the Spooner law, and, having
failed to make a treaty of a satisfactory
kind with Colombia, turn to Nicaragua
route and build the canal via Greytown
and Lake Nicaragua.
A second course is to delay this great
work until something transpires to maite
Colombia* see the light and then negotiate
for another treaty. This course might
be followed If the treaty should come
back without many important amend
ments.
The United States long ago informed
the little republic that if amendments
were made to the treaty they would not
be acceptable to this Government. It is
impossible for this Government to recede
from this statement and to consider the
talk of negotiating a new treaty which
would give Colombia greater advantages
and an annuity of $500,000 instead of $250,
000, which some of the Colombians de
mand. This demand is termed blackmail.
The conference of the President and Sec
ertary Hay was to map out a plan to be
pursued in view of the admitted failure
of treaty. There are several alternatives
for the administration, and none will be
taken until after full consultation with
leaders in Congress.
President Roosevelt and Secretary Hay
regard the treaty as probably dead. They
take little interest in dispatches from
Minister Beaupre at Bogota, which pur
port to detail efforts being made by Co
lombians to "save the treaty" by amend
inc it.
OYSTER BAT. Aug. 28.— Public senti
ment may yet be- called on to determine
what action the United States shall take
concerning the Panama canal negotia
tions. The canal Question was the chief
reason why Secretary of State Hay came
here to Bee the President to-day. As the
matter may be considered at the extra
session of Congress, Hay's visit was ar
ranged several days ago, while it yet
seemed Impossible for the United States
to become involved even indirectly In the
affairs of Turkey and her. r«>b~nious prov
inces.
S^ecial Dispatch to The Call.
Two hours later a milkman was found
by the officers who stated that shortly
kefore the robbery he had seen three men
criving an open wagon la the vicinity of
tie hold-up. He described the rig so
1 • -stly that a search was made for it. At
zntinlght a rig which answered the de
ec8ption was found and the officers are
nov searching for three men who hired it.
T;e robbers or two of them ar© be
lievfci to be the men who held up a car
here last Saturday night. On that occa
sion hey failed to find $6 which the con-
Completing their work^'the robbers
warned the passengers nf jf'to leave the
car for five minutes. ByAfcklng the con
troller handle with theip^they probably
thought the car could nj t be moved, but
the motorman found a. m takeywrench in
his tool-box and used*/.**iat as a con
< -oiler handle and brought the car to
this city. It was stopped at the first
etore and the police were notified by
telephone.
A. M. Cooper of South Pasadena lost
nothing, having put his watch and
money In an outside pocket and the rob
ber searched only his Inside pocket.
Cooper displayed great nerve. Although
he was unarmed he called the robber a
coward and offered to whip him then
and there If he would throw down his
revolver. The robber threatened xo kill
'"coper, but the conductor berjki him
not to shoot /
DEFIES HIGHWAYMAN.
Without hurrying, but seemingly with
the utmost coolness, the highwayman pro
ceeded to search his victims. From the
motorman he took a watch and 70 cents.
The conductor yielded up $21, his watch,
a revolver and papers. The passengers
were next searched, the robber making no
effort to 6earch the pockets of the women,
but contenting himself with taking their
purses. Miss Daisy Gulnn, 4303 Horticul
tural avenue, lost 70 cents and her purse.
J. S. Fink, his wife and 12-year-old son
were next searched. Fink gave up his
watch and chain and $12; his wife lost her
purse, containing a few dollars. E. Eng
mann. 223 West second street, surrendered
$18 and a watch, but the robber failed to
find $24 and another watch which he se
creted when they first appeared.
The first highwayman entered the car
among the passengers while the other two
guarded the ends of the car". He did all
the searching and while at work kept up
a torrent of oaths and Insulting remarks
to the women. He contini^lly flourished
his big revolver and kept the passengers
in a state of terror.
BOB THE PASSENGERS.
Tha car. which was In charge of Con
ductor W. P. Pierce and Motorman W.
y. Teles, ns en route from San Pedro.
At the 8anta Fe crossing cars on the
electrlo line always stop and the cob<Suc
tor alights to see that the crossing Is
clear. "When the car stopped to-night
Pierce stepped oS just as a masked man
emerged from the weeds at the roadside
and covered both him and the motor-man
with a revolver and ordered them to
throw up their hands.
They obeyed and at that moment a
second masked man appeared and taking
charge of the conductor held him cov
ered with a revolver while the first rob
ber climbed up beside the motorman,
took the controller handle and put It In
his pocket, thus "killing" the car and
making It impossible for the motorman
to turn on the current. The two car men
were then driven into the body of the
car, where the terrified passengers were
huddled. As the car men passed into
the car they saw a third robber guarding
the rear platform.
v I/)S AICGELES. Aug. 2&-^n electric
car of the California PaciSa Railway,
running between Los Angeles and San Pe
dro, was held u;> by three masked high
vayaea to-night at the Santa Fe rail
road crossing- The xnotorman. conduc
tor, three ncn, two women and a boy
who were on the car were searched for
valuables.
r^ec!*! rHapmtch to Tie CaXL
Leaders Will Be Asked for
Advice Before Final Ac
tion Is Taken.
Passengers and Operatives
Part With Their Coin
and Valuables.
Congress in Extra Ses
sion May Deal With
the Problem.
Kobbery Takes Place
in Outskirts of
Los Angeles.
Tlrags Commit Bold
Crime on Elec
tric Line.
President and Hay
Consider Alter
natives.
STREET CAR
HELD UP BY
MASKED MEN
CANAL PLANS
DISCUSSED IN
CONFERENCE
DEI RUT, Syria, Aug. 28. — Although the attack made on Vice Consul Magelssen was evidently pre
meditated, the bullets missed him and 'he escaped 'uninjured. FRYER, Iff
• y Treasurer of the Board of Presbyterian Missions.
Fleet on the Way to Syria Will Not Be Re*
called Until Sultan Gives an Explana*
tion to the United States.
OYSTER BJtY, N. Y, Jiugust 28.— President Roosevelt has
received through, the State Department at Washington
confirmation of the dispatches from Constantinople and
which show that the report of the assassination of Vice*
Consul Magelssen at Beirut is an error.
The President will not countermand the order to Rear*
Jldrhiral Cotton to proceed with the cruiser^ Brooklyn and San
Francisco and the gunboat Machias to Turkish waters.. The
attack on Mr. Magelssen is regarded as an incident which
points, to the necessity of a demonstration which would have
the effect of insuring the protection of Americans in the
"Y~.'i § ft/*! <?h S3 tin n / f/3 • * ¦¦» ' ¦:*"'
JL LLI n. IJ 1 1 tHilfJLi CT. , •
VICE CONSUL IN SYRIA UNHARMED BY ASSASSIN,
BUT YANKEE GUNS WILL FROWN ON THE TURKS
SAN FRANCISCO, .... SATURDAY,, AUGUST 29, 1903.
VOI/UME 2CCIV— NO. 90.
The San Francisco Call.TURKISH OFFICIAL REGRETS INCIDENT.
VIEW OF A BUILDING THAT
SUFFERED AT REVOLUTION
ISTS' HANDS.
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
ATROCITIES
MARK PATHS
OF THE TURK
The Secretary arrived here from his summer home in New Hampshire at
12:20 p. m. In a driving rainstorm he was conveyed to the President's home in
time for luncheon. During the greater part of the afternoon he was In confer
ence with the President. He left Sagamore Hill about 4:30 o'clock. He took
the 5 o'clock train for New York and will go thence to Washington to-night
At 11 o'clock to-night a telegram was received by Secretary Loeb from Act
ing Secretary of State Loomis at Washington, communicating the text of a ca
blegram from Minister Leishmann at Constantinople, confirming the report of
the inaccuracy of the story of Consul Magelesen's assassination. As soon as
the message was deciphered Secretary Loeb communicated its contents to the
President by telephone, i Mr. Leishmann explains that the error occurred in
deciphering a. telegram received from Consul Ravndahl, at Beirut, concerning the
attempt upon the life of Vice Consul Magelssen. The text of Minister Lelsh
mann's cablegram Is not made public here.
It can be said to be the purpose of President Roosevelt to afford American
citizens in the disturbed province of Turkey all the protection possible. For
that reason, and others that may develop In a short time, the decision is
reached that no change will be made at this time in the orders to the European
squadron. Admiral Cotton will proceed with his vessels to Turkish waters with
the idea of safeguarding American Interests.
- The fact that- Secretary Hay considers his presence in Washington neces
sary at this time indicates the serious view he takes of the Turkish situation. He
had not expected to return to Washington for several weeks, but the, develop
ments in the Ottoman empire during the past few days induced. him .to come to
Oyster Bay for a conference with the President, after which it was deemed ad
visable by both that he should return to Washington at least for a couple
of weeks.
For several hours to-day President Roosevelt and Secretary of State Hay were
in conference at Sagamore Hill. They discussed every suggested phase of the
situation in Turkey. At the conclusion of the conference Secretary Hay an
nounced his intention of returning Immediately to Washington.
A* Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
Itching, Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
Your druggist will. refund your money If PAZO
CINT&1ENX fells to cure you. fiO cents. •
SEATTLE,. Aug. 28.-General Frederick
Funston, accompanied by his aid-de-camp,
Lieutenant Mitchell, arrived in Seattle on
his return from an inspection of the forts
of Alaska to-day. "While in the north he
also investigated the conditions of the
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 28— Judge Conklln
to-day granted the motion of W. J. Hun
saker, attorney for H. Q. Otis and others,
to have stricken from the file the bill of
exceptions filed by Mrs. Katherlne, Ting
ley on her appeal from the order granting
a change . of venue in ; her damage suit
against Otis, Schmidt and others. Last
winter the', court ordered that the case
be transferred to Los Angeles - for trial,
and it was from, that order that the plain
tiff appealed. ' .. •..
Mrs. Tingley Loses Her Appeal.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. -28.— The Advent
Christian Conference to-day pledged $530
toward home mission work, and decided
to send Rev. Virgil Hunt to assist Miss
Ellis, an evangelist, who is holding meet
ings at Eureka. The Woman's Home and
Foreign Missionary Society held Its an
nual business session this afternoon and
transacted considerable routine business.'
Advent Christian Conference.
The firemen worked heroically and suc
ceeded after great effort in confining the
flames to the floor where they originated.
An Investigation failed to disclose . tba
cause of the outbreak. The damage done
by. fire and water is estimated at smew.
There was a rush to rooms to gather
and save valuables and as the flames
seemed to threaten the whole structure
the fear in the neighborhood for a while
was intense.
A fire broke out on the upper floor of
the Crocker Hotel, at Leavenworth and
Pine streets, at 5 o'clock yesterday even
ing. Many of the guests of the hotel were
preparlng-for dinner when the alarm was
given and the utmost excitement pre
vailed among them.
Building.
Breaks Out on, Top Floor, but Heroic
Efforts of Firemen Save
FIRE ENDANGERS QUESTS
OP THE CROCKER HOTEL
Acting Secretary of the Navy Darling to-night received a cablegram from
the admiral dated Villefranche, saying that he had left that place with the
cruisers Brooklyn and San Francisco for Genoa, on the way to Beirut.
The latest development in the Turkish situation . was discussed in official
circles, where the view was held that the denial of the report of the killing
of Mr. Magelssen relieved the situation of its Immediate awkward and em
barrassing features, but will not prevent our naval vessels continuing to the
East. Minister. Leishmann, in one of his dispatches to the department, sug
gested that conditions were such that it might be well to have some American
naval demonstration in those waters. Reports also have come to the Govern
ment from the mlsBionary Interests of threatened destruction of their property
at Harpoot, and because of this Admiral Cotton .will be allowed to proceed with
his vessels to Beirut. >YV •
The dispatch from the Minister was communicated at - once to President
Roosevelt at Oyster Bay. Its contents were extremely gratifying to the officials
of the Gvernment, as it relieved the situation of its extreme tension and leaves
the way open for an amicable and peaceful adjustment of the Incident. Acting
Secretary of State LoomiB declined to make public the text of Minister Lelsh
mann's dispatch to-night, but he gave a summary of ita contents. As stated
in the press dispatches it showed that Mr. Magelssen had been shot at by some
person at the time unknown to the officials, but that he had not been hit.
Local Turkish official* w^re prompt to express their regret at the occur
rence and were exerting themselves to apprehend the assassin, but thus far
had been unsuccessful. The Minister's dispatch also said -that Consul Ravn
dahl had reported to him that some of the foreign Consuls located at Beirut had
reported to their governments • that the Bltuatlon at that placo had become ex
ceedingly unsafe; that this condition of affairs had existed for some time and
that something ought to be done to relieve the tension. The S opinion was ex
pressed that the attemDted assassination of Magelssen probably would bring
matters to a "focus, the attention of the Turkish Government being drawn to
the matter in this forclbl* way and some effort would be made to avoid further
trouble. t
This information came to the State Department to-night in a dispatch from
United States Minister Leishmann at Constantinople, who said the mistako In
making the original announcement was due to an error' in the transmission
of the cipher dispatch from Consul Ravndahl at Beirut in reporting the Incident
to the Minister.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 28.— A decidedly new turn in the case of United States
Vice Consul William C. Magelssen, at Beirut, Syria, who was reported to have
been assassinated last Sunday, developed to-night when it became known that
the report was incorrect and that, although Mr. Magelssen had been shot at,
he had not even been . injured.
Alarming Conditions in Turkish Territory Require Pres
ence of Ships of War Near the Porte.
NAVAL DEMONSTRATION NECESSARY.
Two Firemen Injured During
Progress of the Con
flagration.
*rthur U. Welch, captain of engine No.
7, was Injured during the conflagration!
Ho was directing the efforts of his men
and a portion of the roof fell on him and
injured his back. The unfortunate man
was taken to his home at 85 Albion ave
nue and is now under the care of his
FIREMEN INJURED.
The members of No. 6 engine also per
formed heroic work. Five men rushed
',:«eir hose through the burning building
occupied by Markley & Winner, at 551
Brannan street, and battled with the
flames. On every side of the men charred
timbers were falling. Over their heads
ihi flooring, was burning fiercely. Spec
tators marveled at their courage and
wondered how long they could stay with
out being injured. The brave fellows
r.ever le f t their posts. They kept a wary
lookout .or falling walls and Chief Sulli
van did likewise. He was mindful of the
danger of his men and also saw the ad
vantage they had in keeping the flames
from spreading to the Herring Planing
MilL
During the progress of the fire mem
bers cf No. 8 truck climbed the shed over
the planing mill owned by Voigt & Veyhle
at 541 Brannan street and fought the fire.
They wore unmindful of trie fact that
the building beneath them was burning.
They stayed at their pest amid the ter
rific heat and the only relief they re
ceived was from the spray that spread
from their hose. T..eir clothes steamed
v.lth heat end their faces were scorched
but the- remained until the chief called
them oft.
The heit from the fire was so great
that! the glasses In the buildings on the
Jicrth s'.de of Brannan street were broken
and the paint blistered. It was feared
that the parochial house of St. Rose's
parish and the church itself was in dan
ger of destruction and the pastor and his
assistants were ready to move valuables
to a place of safety. However, the fire
men prevented the fire from crossing the
street. 1 lere was a wind blowing, but
It blew to the south. The condition of
the wind aided the department materially
in subduing the flames.
HEAT WAS TERRIFIC
Chief Sullivan was early on the scene
and directed the energies of his men to
saving surrounding property. In this he
was eminently successful. He succeeded
in keeping the fire penned between Rich
ard Herring's mill at 569 Brannan street
and the Progressive Planing Mill Com
pany at 523 Brannan street, both of which
were saved.
The engines worked in tandem and
pumped powerful streams of water
through the long lines of hose that tilled
the streets. One battery was stationed in
front of the burning structures and the
other in the rear. The batteries did won
derful execution. As many as six hose
were attached and the force of water that
•Ras sent through the giants was sufficient
to batter d«iwn walls.
vrhen the alarm came In for box 6S the
lire was burning fiercely in George
Braendlein's furniture manufacturing
plant at 547 Brannan street. Emil Coret,
a Morse patrolman, discovered the blaze
and immediately turned in the alarm. As
soon rs the District Chief arrived he saw
the magnitude of the fire and turned'in
a combination alarm from the same box.
This alarm was the third and fourth and
called ourt nineteen engines, five trucks,
t-.-o chemicals, the water tower and two
batteries.
FIRE IS DISCOVERED.
Chief Sullivan and h!s brave ftr«nen
proved themselves heroes at'the big con
flagration on Brannan street, between
Fourth and Fifth, last night. They bat
tled -the flames from all sides, and despite
the fact that inflammable material fed
the fire, succeeded in extinguishing it
within two hours after the first alarm
came in. From a spectacular point of
view the fire was well worth seeing,
names leaped high in air and the sky
v is Ut up for blocks xrith a rpd glow
wnich attested the fierceness of the flre.
Thousands of people rushed to the scene,
but were held in check by the police and
tfr, firemen had a splendid chance to
prove the efficiency of the department.
Beneath burning roefs the men stood at
their post of duty playing heavy -streams
on the -ipidly spreading Dames. In the
terrific i.eat the firemen fought the fire
and theiv efforts were successful. During
all the turmoil incident to a. flre. Chief
U.lllvari was everywhere, giving his or
ders coolly and seeing that they were
obeyed. He directed the men, from the
Brannau-street Bide and Assistant Chief
Dougher:*' looked after the firemen who
fought the flanis from Bluxome street.
The entire loss will not be more than
$75,000. The buildings were . two-story
frame and the property destroyed con
sisted of machinery and lumber.
Moore-Hess Metal Works, 62 Bluxome
street, in rear of burning mills, slightly
damaged.
Newton Hoffman, 553 Brannan street,
planing mills, totally destroyed. Hoffman
furnished power for his neighbors and
his engines were stationed in the rear of
his place. The firemen succeeded in sav
ing the power house.
Lorden & Reilly, 645 Brannan street,
planing mills, also suffered total loss.
Twelve men were thrown out of employ
ment and also lost their tools in the blaze.
George Braendlein, furniture manufac
ture, loss fixed at $15,000. He had in his
place a rosewood set of furniture valued
at $3000. Partly insured.
Markley & Winner, 551 Brannan street,
store fixtures, gutted.
D. Lewis, stair builder, 551% Brannan
street, total loss.
William Morgan, a carriage-maker,
whose place of business is 537 Brannan
Btreet, Buffered a complete loss. It is
slightly covered by insurance.
Voigt & Veyhle, general millwork, Ml
Brannan street, suffered a complete loss.
Insurance will not cover it.
Captain John Matheson of engine 19
suffered a fracture of a rib on his right
side. He was helping his men direct a
heavy stream in one of the burning build
ings, when the force of water wrenched
the hose from their hands. Matheson was
thrown violently against the wall and
suffered the injury. He forgot his pain in
the excitement and not until he returned
to the engine house did he look after the
injury. He visited the Emergency Hospi
tal and Dr. Stephens attended to him.
HEAVY LOSERS.
physician. His condition is not danger
ous.
Minister Irishman's withdrawal will
shortly follow in case Turkey refuses to
comply with the American demands. In
that event the Amertcan Legation will be
in charge of the British Minister.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 28.— If Turkey
does not promptly comply with each and
every demand of the "Washington Govern
ment Rear Admiral Cotton will be in
structed at once to seize one or more
ports and hold them until the American
demands are granted.
PORTS MAY BE SEIZED.
Turkey Will Have to Comply With
Demands Promptly.
»
It is believed that the dispatch of war
ships to the- scene orihe attempted mur
der in such haste will convince the Sub
lime Porte that the United States means
to make all its demands effective. The
American squadron will be useful in pro
tecting Americans and will furnish a ref
uge for those who are near the seacoast.
Another ungent appeal has reached the
State Department from the American
Board of Missions at Boston that ade
quate steps be taken for the protection
of American citizens at Beirut. The
board's dispatches from there Jor several
days have represented the situation as
extremely grave. There are at the Eu
phrates College at Marpoot four American
teachers, besides women and children,
and property to the value of $100,000. There
is an American college at Beirut in which
are a number of American teachers. No
word has reached the State Department
regarding any attack on them.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 28.— Minister
Leishman has cabled the State Depart
ment that he called at the Foreign Of
fice again last night and presented the
American demand for an immediate in
vestigation of the attempted assassina
tion of Vice Consul Magelssen at Beirut.
The Minister for Foreign Affairs, while
denying all knowledge of the affair and
attempting to discredit the report, on
the insistence of Mr. Leishman prom
ised that a.n immediate investigation
would follow and that the Turkish Gov
ernment would take immediate steps to
find out and punish the guilty.
Mr. Leishman stated that Macedonian
conditions are growing constantly more
acute, and that the situation in that
section is extremely grave.
In his cablegram to Mr. Leishman last
night regarding the report of the Amer
ican Board of Missions that an attempt
had been made to burn the Euphrates
College building at Harpoot. Acting Sec
retary Loomis instructed him to demand
of the Turkish Government that it take
immediate steps for the protection of
the lives of all Americans there.
TURKEY TO INVESTIGATE.
Demands Made by the American
Minister Are He%ded.
It is pointed out that the United States
is independent of European agreements
regarding Turkey and . that -no matter
what policy she may adopt in regard to
the attempted assassination of Magelsscn
or the unrest at Karput. it will not be in
tervention in the international affairs of
Turkey.
The officials of the Turki3h embassy say
the Sultan will undouotedly institute an
immediate investigation if he has not al
ready done so. The embassy deprecates
the dispatch of an Amertcan squadron to
Turkish waters as tending to encourage
the revolutionists, who. the embassy de
clares, have been eagerly seeking for some
time to embroil the Turkish and American
governments.
LONDON*, Aug. 2S.-The Foreign Of
fice has received a dispatch from the
British Consul at Beirut notifying
the authorities of the attempted as
sassination of William C. Magelssen,
the United States Vice Consul at that
place. No details are given, and this to
gether with the fact that there have been
no developments since the attempted as
sassination was reported lead the British
officials to conclude that no anti-foreign
uprising has occurred.
The Foreign Office declares that Great
Britain will certainly not and that It is
not likely that any other power will raise
an objection to summary action on the
part of the United States, but will watch
H with Interest.
Powers Will Watch
but Will Not
Interfere.
Big Fire Causes Heavy
Loss on Brannan
Street.
PLANING MILLS
ARE DESTROYED
EUROPEAN NATIONS OBSERVE WITH INTENSE INTEREST THE ADVANCE
OF UNCLE SAM'S MEN-OF-WAR TO THE SHORES OF THE TREMBLING TURK
FURNISHES WIT
FOR CLAM BAKE
Cleveland Bpeaks at the
J'Oid Colony Club
Festivity.
No Distrust Felt in
Paris Concerning
America.
Cares More for. Fishing Than
About Policy of Next
Administration.
Sp«cial Dispatch to Th» Call.
BOURNE, Mass., A us. 23.— Grover
Cleveland made merry with the members
and guests of the Old Colony Club at
a dam bake on Marshalls Island to-day.
The feature of the day wa3 a short hu
morous address he made. Cleveland said
in part:
"I rise, full of clams, hot corn and en
thusiasm for the welfare of the Old Col
ony Club and seal for its interests.
"Within the past few years I have been
widely Jeered and derided for spending
so much of my time at fishing. For those
who dtrido me" I have only auiet con
tempt. I go fishing because I like it. I
should like to say right here that I" am
more interested in the protection of fish
ing at Buzzards Bay than about our
hoary headed infant industries. I care
more for these fishing interests than I
do about the policy of the next Federal
administration.
"Perhaps some of you are aware that
an Interesting event has recently taken
place in our domestic circle. Although
this happy event was not the occasion
for telling any unusual yarns, I put my
fish scale*," Intp requisition and weighed
my latest catch honestly, and the tally
was an even nine pounds."
REPORTS FROM CAYMAN
SAY LOSS WAS GREAT
Many Persons Perish and Much
Property Is Destroyed by
the Hurricane.
MOBILE, Ala.. Aug. 2S— A private 1st*
ter from Grand Cayman, British West In
dies, states that the hurricane which
passed over the island destroyed 160
houses and twenty-seven vessels. The
British three-masted schooner . Governor
Blake, which it was /eared wa3 lost, ar
rived safely after encountering the. hurri
cane. The schooner Bentley. the crew of
which were drowned, with the exception
of the first mate, is reported to have been
saved by the schooner Seagull. At Lit
tle Cayman loss of life is reported, be
sides great property loss.
HANS FEICHNER ivrATrRg
PORTRAIT OP ROOSEVELT
Drawing of President at Re
quest of the Kaiser.
Famous Lithographer Executes a
BERLIN, Aug. 28— Emperor William
met Hans Feichner. the court portrait
painter, some days ago and asked him to
make a lithograph drawing o? President
Roosevelt, Felchner's. lithograph of the
Emperor having been most widely circu
lated in Germany. Feichner did so and
showed the result to the Emperor, who
had two copies struck off. One of thee«
will be sent to Roosevelt. The Emperor
kept the other one for himself. No more
copies will be taken from the stone.
PARIS. Aug. 28.— It is officially stated
here that if an American squadron
should go to Turkish waters the ac
tion of the United States will not be
regarded by France or the other
European powers a3 having any po
litical significance In regard to the near
Eastern situation. It is pointed out that
the United States has always refrained
from taking part In the near Eastern
troubles, th'e European powers assuming
the burden of that situation. An official
here likened the presence of an American
squadron in Turkish waters to the de
mand made by j the British and German
warships in Venezuelan waters, the pur
pose in each case being to command re
spect and enforce the collection of de
mands not having any connection with
the general political conditions.
The latest official advices received here
show that the Russian squadron, which
was at Inlada, off the east coast of Tur
key, was withdrawn to Sebastopol, where
it is awaiting further orders. Italy ha3
one warship, Austria pne and France one
in Turkish waters, but in each case large
squadrons are held in reserve for action
if the situation shall become acute.
The increasing gravity of the conditions
In Turkey is further shown by an official
report Just received from Philippopolis
giving details of the revolutionary plot
to blow up the Oriental express. One
of the plotters had been designated to
sacrifice his life by boarding the train
and throwing the bombs. This plot prob
ably was connected with the dynamiting
of the omnibus train at Kuleli Burgar,
but the Philippopolis report establishes the
fact that the original plan was aimed
against the leading trans-European ex
press for the purpose of impressing the
world with the magnitude of the disorder.
The reports received here from the
French Consuls at Salonica and Monastir
are still more reassuring. They say they
have no further fear for their lives unless
the Turkish soldiery become more lawless.
The reports add that forty-nine Turkish
battalions have been withdrawn from Al
bania and concentrated around Salonica,
as the Albanian disorders have been
crushed. The most remarkable feature of
the reports discloses the fact that the
Turkish force, which totaled 50.C00 men
when the troops entered Albania six
months ago, has been reduced to 35,000
men. Few of the soldiers died of disease.
The loss was chiefly in men killed while
crushing the Albanian uprising.
view of the appearance of insurgents less
than a hundred miles from the capital. A
trainload of troops was dispatched yes
terday from this city to the Scherskekoi,
vilayet of Adrianople, near which place
three. Bulgarian villages were recently at
tacked by Circassians and their inhab
itants massacred. The troops sent to re
inforce the garrison at Kirkkilisseh,
thirty-two miles from Adrianople, were
routed by insurgents, whose numbers In
the vilayet of Adrianople are estimated to
be 60.000, . . _ . .
WARSHIPS UNDER WAY.
Genoese Warmly Greet Officers of the
•American Navr. * "
NICE, France, Aug. 2E-— The United
States cruisers Brooklyn and San Fran
cisco left Ville France at 8 o'clock this
evening. When Rear Admiral Cotton, in
command of the American European
squadron, was seen at 5 o'clock, he was
asked to outline his plans for going to
Beirut, and said:
"The press dispatches published this
morning give all the information I have.
I expect to leave for Genoa this evening
with the Brooklyn and San Francisco for
coal. The Machias is now there."
GENOA, Aug. 28. — Complimentary
visits were exchanged to-day between the
local authorities and Commander McCrea
of the United States gunboat Machias.
The Genoese warmly greeted American
officers and sailors.
HONOLULU, Aug. 28.— The volcano of
Kllauea shows increased activity. Clouds
of smoke aro ascending from the crater.
BREMEN, Aug 28.— The North German
Lloyd steamer Neckar, bound for Balti
more, while off Terschellng, an island in
the North Sea, yesterday burst her main
steam supply pipe, which scalded the third
and fourth engineers and seven stokers.
The vessel is returning here for repairs.
NEW YORK, Aug. 28.— According to a
dispatch received to-day at the offices of
the ' North German Lloyd Company in
New York the two engineers referred to
in the Bremen dispatch and fwe out of
the seven stokers scalded died from their
injuries. The passengers of the Neckar
are all well- and the steamer, outside of
the bursting of her main steam supply
pipes, Is undamaged.
Bursting of Worth German Lloyd
Steamer's Main Supply Pipe
Has Fatal Results.
ENGINEERS AND STOKERS
ARE SCAXDED TO DEATH
VESUVIUS CONTINUES
TERRIFYING ERUPTIONS
Volume of the Threatening Stream*
Is Acquiring Vast Pro
portions.
NAPLES^ug. 23.— A correspondent has
just returned from spending a night on
Mount Vesuvius with the special
permission of the authorities to pass the
prescribed limits. The scene was terrify
ing but magnificent. Enormous masses of
liquid fire flowed almost to the corre
spondent's feet, forming great mounds.
The eruption continues to-day and the
volume of lava is acquiring vast propor
tions. Detonations inside the volcano
have 'caused the prediction that a more
violent eruption may be anticipated.
Slore Evidence Against HcPhetridge.
MARYSVILLE. Aug. 23.— The pecula
tions of Auditor and Recorder Eugene
McPhetridge of Sutter County, who 13
now in Jail awaiting examination on a
charge of falsifying public records, grow
in magnitude aa the investigation of his
accounts proceeds. A surprise was sprung
to-day when a representative of the H. S.
Crocker Company of Sacramento called
at the Yuba City courthouse for warrants
amounting to about $230 and found that
the derelict Recorder had already drawn
the money from the treasury.
Cowboy Horseman Breaks a Record.
LAMAR, Colo., Aug. 23.— Dick Creaghe
broke the world's record to-day in a flve
mlle cowboy relay race, the distance be
ing: made in 9:42 2-5. The. record was pre
vlusly held by Theo Watson and was
made during the State fair at Pueblo in
10:01. >, •;'.,-¦¦
SOFIA, Aug. 28.— The Government has
dispatched two regiments to the frontier
to strengthen the guards and enable them
to exercise greater vigilance in view of
the anticipated attempts of \ additional
bands of insurgents to enter Macedonia. '
CONSTANTINOPLE.- Aug. - 28.—Consid
erable forces of troops have been sta
tioned in the various suburbs of Constan
tinople as a precautionary measure in
During the evening of August 25 a force
of . insurgents attacked Neveska. where
250 soldiers were stationed, 200 of whom
were killed." The Insurgents have con
structed earthworks. Seven battalions of
Turkish troops which arrived atNeveska
this morning arc now bombarding the de
fense. .
SALONICA, Aug. 28.— About 2000 Insur
gents, now near Vodena, have been or
dered to concentrate In the mountains of
Movlhovo. They are expected to attack
Tikvash and Shevghell. - , V !
Reports from the frontier indicate that
increased numbers of recruits are cross
ing in small parties into Macedonia.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Aug.. 28,-The
Porte has communicated to the embassies
of Austria and Russia a memorandum
describing the doings of the Insurgents
in the vilayet of Adrianople.
The Russian squadron, which, was re
cently at Inlada, European Turkey, has
now returned to Odessa.
ATHENS, Aug. 28.— Five thousand Mac
edonians demonstrated here as a protest
against the action of the Bulgarian revo
lutionaries. No disorders occurred. A
memorandum embodying the protest of
the meeting was drawn "up and submitted
to the Greek Government.
There is no foundation for the report
published in Vienna that the police here
have discovered a tunnel leading under
the palace of Prince Ferdinand, which
is believed to have been constructed with
the Intention of blowing up the palace.
The Porte is not losing time In adopt
ing tha strongest measures to suppress
the outbreak in the vilayet of Adrlanople.
Makir Pasha, commanding the artillery,
and Sadik Pasha, commanding the infan
try force, have -started from Adrianople
for. the center of the disturbance at Klrk-
Killschi. -&¦:;!¦
The Dneivik prints to-day what pur
ports to be the accurate details of the
train outrage near Kuleli Burgas. It says
a package was placed in the restaurant
car of the train at Budapest containing
a bomb, with *a clockwork attachment,
which was timed to explode as the train
was crossing the bridge at Maritza. It
was intended to destroy the bridge and
cut off communication between Adrian
ople and Salonica.
a body of 5000 Macedonians to cross the
frontier. The Macedonian committee has
urgently appealed to Prince Ferdinand
to show greater interest in the Macedon
ian situation, saying if Macedonia is not
soon liberated the . position of Bulgaria
will become exceedingly critical.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CAI/L, SATURDAY, AUGUST 29, 1903.
Continued From Page 1, Columns 3 and 4.
2
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
«jt^nn reward
pc)UU For Women
WHO CAKMOT BE CURED.
So cnifonnly successful has Dr. Pierce'*
Favorite Prescription _proven in all forms
of Female Weakness, Prolapsus, or Falling
of Wotnb, and Lcucorrhea, that, after over
a third of a century's experience in curing
the worst cases of these distressing and
debilitating ailments, Dr. Pierce now feels
fully warranted in offering to pay $500 in
cash for any case of these diseases which
he cannot care.
It Stands Alone.— The "Favorite Pre-
scription" stands alone, as the one and
only remedy for these distressingly com-
mon forms of weakness^ possessed of such
positively specific curative properties as to
warrant its makers in proposing, and
binding themselves to forfeit, as we, the
undersigned proprietors of that wonderful
remedy hereby do, to pay the sum of $500
in legal money of tie United States in any
case of the above diseases in which after a
fair and reasonable trial of our treatment,
we fail to cure. No other medicine for
the cure of woman's peculiar ailments is
backed by such a remarkable guarantee ;
no other medicine for woman's ills is pos-
sessed of the unparalleled curative prop-
erties that would warrant its manufacturers
in making euch an offer ; no other remedy
has such a record of cures on which to base
such a remarkable offer.
Therefore, insist on having Dr. Pierce's
Favorite Prescription and turn your back
on any unscrupulous dealer who would
insult your intelligence by attempting to
foist upon yon some inferior substitute,
under the plea that "it is just as rood."
Insist on having- the article which has a
record of a thira of a century of cures and
which is backed by those willing to forfeit
$500 if they cannot cure you.
In cases attended by a leucorrheal drain
a solution of Dr. Pierce's Lotion Tablets
should be used conjointly with the use of
the ."Favorite Prescription." They are sold
by all druggists, or sent post-paid to any
address, on receipt of 35 cents in stamps.
Send 31 cents in stamps for Dr. Pierce's
Common Sense Medical Adviser. Address
World's Dispensary, Buffalo, N. Y.
Weak and sick women are invited to
consult Dr. Pierce, by letter, free. All
correspondence is held as strictly private.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo. N. Y.
Dr. Pierce'e Pellets cure bilious nc:a. ¦ i
A T> VETR.TTg'PrM HM'I'R
Sunstroke Insurance
-Jt~^V S\ When the summer's heat gets about 90 de-
sk^ u^^^^^L^Jla grees, you are liable to be sunstruck any
%hL jBE&p£F^4&^i^*'' time you are out in the sun, unless you take
ES^j^if^^y^^ proper precautions. Several years ago,
W /?i&r/j!0i^r t} ? e v y" tcr °^ t^^ s » who has s P cnt mu ch of
(h®Ml//rjA>& ki s e i n tn e tropics, thought he was safe
\Hilf/ *^C \ from sunstroke. One day he collapsed,
fcLIr \ remained unconscious for five hours, and
Ill&S. \ at mes k' s life was despaired of. As a
' j§1§p^ J matter of fact, any p.erson whose stomach
Ty*^€^B§& J an d bowels are in bad shape in the sum-
i^P^?^_^ffln^r^r/ mer time, is liable to be sunstruck in tem-
id^ I perature that would be harm-
>^^^^^^^^^«k Ws*^!!*^ less under normal conditions.
s^P&^^^^^^«w^ ««l^^^^^a ? c^ anc * b° w^ s * u^ °f fester-
found that natives of the South
• Sea Islands, living on laxative
bread-fruit, have a temperature 20 degrees lower than that of white men
who are careless about their food or their bowels. It has been found in
years of experience, that a CASCARET Candy Cathartic take? at
bed-time every night will keep the body clean and cool inside all <fay,
and forms a safe arid thoroughly reliable form of sunstroke insurance.
X5»_ _¦,_.. A 4i». : Best for the Bowels. All druggists, xoc, 93c, 50c. Never sold la bufc. Th«
iQjACjOLJiiiAlA genuine tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to cure cr your raoae* back.
Sampio and booklet free. Address .
1^^ Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or New York. ' £)DR. McLAUGHLIN : "I never prescribed any arsenic for
Mr. Bovvers, and have not written any such" prescription
at any time as that filled by Peterson. My name was
forged to the paper, by whom I do not know."
JC. PETERSON, the drug clerk: "I remember distinctly
, that the woman whom I now know to be Mrs. Sutton
visited the store a trifle more than a week ago and pre
sented a prescription for an ounce of arsenic with Dr. Mc-
Laughlin's name attached. I am absolutely certain that Mrs.
Sutton was the woman who purchased the poison."
EVIDENCE AGAINST THE WIDOW
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 2S.— Judge D. L.
Murdock, whose death is reported from
Kansas City, came to San Diego in 18S7
and became eclosely identified with legal
interests here. He was a member of the
Jaw firms of Collier & Murdock. Collier
Collier & Collier. Collier & Pillsbury.
He was an Odd Fellow of prominence and
attained a high position in the legal pro
fession. Failing- health caused him to go
to Kansas City about two years ago. A
brother, Stephen, and a sister live in Los
Angeles.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Aug. 2S.-David
L. Murdock. once District Judge of San
Diego County, California, is dead here at
the home of "his sister of a nervous af
fection, aged 67 years. Judgs Murdock
was born in Illinois and served through
the Civil War in an Illinois regiment. He
leaves two brothers. Dr. E. P. Murdock
of Chicago and J. T. Murdock of Streat
or. 111.
—IS DEAD AT KANSAS CITY
Former San Diego Jurist Passes
Away at the Home of
His Sister.
JUDGE DAVID L. MURDOCH
The houseboat is now nearer the Vir
ginia shore, where she will remain until
after the experiment. Before the storm
Professor Langley said a test would be
made Saturday if the weather permitted.
The f.ying- machine was so shaken up that
the launching may be postponed for re
pairs. The machine was all ready to fly
this afternoon, when the breeze stiffened
to twenty miles an hour and the experi
ment was abandoned.
to-day and returned to Clifton Beach, a
storm broke furiously. The houseboat
slipped her moorings and traveled rapidly
down stream for two miles, where her
anchors caught in the mud bottom. A
few men were aboard, but they were
powerless, and the stcrm was too severe
for any assistance to be afforded by the
tugs. The small steam launch tender, the
float and three rowboats were lost. They
were sought by the tugs unsuccessfully,
and the search will be resumed Saturday.
TTIDEWATER. Va., Aug. 28.— Professor
Langrley's airship houseboat had another
disastrous experience in a Potomac gale
this afternoon. Soon after the experts
gave up hopes of launching the aerodrome
Buffeted by a Potomac Gale and
Precious Cargo Is Badly
Shaken Up.
AIESHIP HOUSEBOAT
ADRIFT IN A STORM
After a long cross-examination by Chief of Police Wittman yesterday morn-
Ing the women. were allowed to go to the funeral of Martin Bowers. They were
accompanied by Detective Braig. Both Mrs. Sutton and Mrs. Martin Bowers
were In tears all day long. Neither would -remove her eyes from the ground.
The "sweating" wore on them considerably. In the evening they were given -a
severe examination by the uistrict Attorney. Peterson again appeared in an
swer to a summons and repeated his story. Mrs. Sutton was again positively
O'Leary is an ignorant laborer. He knows nothing of the accomplishments
of reading or writing. He could not tell the number of the 'house In which he
lived. When questioned regarding his knowledge of the case under investiga
tion he said: "I do not think Mrs. Bowers poisoned her husband. It is untrue
that he hit me over the head with a chair. I was at the house when he came
from Mare Island that night and was introduced to him. I visited him several
times later while he was sick. I never heard that Mrs. Bowers wanted to get
rld^of him. I got acquainted with her about seven months ago. I was coming
up the street and she said, 'Hullo, Mr. O'Leary.' I talked to her then and we
had a ' few drinks in a saloon. I saw her a number ¦ of times after that.
I know nothing of any, wrongdoing and want to get out."
piece of his own. He had had It for several weeks.
The watch was taken to Mrs. Martin Bowers and she said that It was hers.
She gave it to O'Leary to keep partly because it was not worth anything, partly
because it did not keep time and partly because she did not like to leave It In
the house. The lid to the case showed that something had been pasted inside
and then torn out When asked what this had been she replied that it was
her husband's picture. The police officials believe that this indicates that the
relations between the suspected woman and O'Leary were closer than either
would like to have known tn the present emergency.
An interesting feature of the case is the conflict of testimony in ngard to the
ownership of a lady's gold watch. It was found on O'Leary at the time of fils
arrest. He said that he had bought it of a Jeweler in a store somewhere south
of Market street. He bought It because it was cheap, although he had a time-
Dr. McLaughlin. when informed of the state of affairs, said: "My signature
to that proscription calling for an ounce of arsenic Is a forgery. I never pre
scribed arsenic for Bowers, but did give him some strychnine at various times.
I thought that he was probably suffering from ptomaine poisoning and treated
him accordingly. It might have been arsenic, but how could one suspect that? I
observed that the patient never vomited after coming to the Waldeck Sanatorium
and that he commenced it again when he returned to Clementina street I did
not think Mrs. Bowers was feeding him according to directions. I do not sign my
name 'McLaughlin, M. D.' I have no idea who could have forged my signa
ture." '% .
Statements Regarding Watch Are Conflicting.
"When I secured medicine it was some black stuff in a small bottle. I do
not know the name of it. I gave It to some of them at the house and they ad
ministered it to Mr. Bowers. I ma<lo some other purchases of articles for myself
or my sister at times. I always went to the drus store on the corner of Fifth and
Folsom streets. I will not say whom I suspect of poisoning Mr. Bowers. I am in
nocent of all wrong. I Mmply visited my sister and her sick husband and did
what I could to help them. It is surely not true that I bought the arsenic."
Mrs. Martin Bowers was confronted with a statement from Dr. McLaughlin
that his signature to the prescription was forged. Then she was asked to write
"arsenic" and "McLaughlin, M. D." This she did. She was informed that the
similarity between her own handwriting and that of the forged document was
great After some further questioning she made the following statement:
"I am innocent. I know nothing of any arsenic. I did not write that pre
scription. I loved my husband and would not do anything to Injure him. I gave
him his medicine according to the doctor's orders. There is nothing between me
and that slob O'Leary. I had drinks with him a few times, but that was all. I
never Intended to elope with him. That is all a falsehood. I drew the money
from the bank because I thought Harry Bowers or his wife might try to make
trouble for me on account of it. I did everything I could to muke my husband
comfortable while he was sick. If any person bought poison and gave it to Mr.
Bowers I know nothing of It."'
The paper on which the prescription Is written is evidently a leaf torn from
a blank book and does not contain the physician's letter head, as do all his
other prescriptions. The handwriting, even to the unpractlced eye, resembles
that of Mrs. Martin Bowers very closely. The drug clerk tells a, straightfor
ward story and his statements are given full credence by the police officials.
Mrs. Sutton when- told face to face by Peterson that she presented the fate
ful piece of paper calling for the arsenic replied, "You are mistaken; it was
some one else." In reference to the charge she said:
"I never bought any arsenic in my life. I do not know even what it looks
like. Mr. Peterson is mistaken. I visited the store on several days before
August 13 and once since then, but not on that date. I went to see Mr. Bow
ers nearly every day while he was sick, but never gave him any medicine. My
sister or Harry Bowers or his wife always attended the sick man. I cooked
supper for them nearly every day, as I always went there in the afternoon.
Refuses to Tell Name of Person She Suspects.
Early yesterday morning he accompanied the detective to the Hall of Justice,
where Mrs. Sutton had been taken previously. He was shown Mrs. Harry
Bowers and was asked If she was the woman who bought the arsenic. He said
she was not. Then Mrs. Sutton was brought into the room and he exclaimed
at once, "That is the woman." When asked if it might not be possible that Mrs.
Martin Bowers was the woman he replied" that he was sure already, but that
he would see her if they wished. When the last named woman appeared, he
said, "Oh, no, she is certainly not the person to whom I sold the arsenic"
He was then requested to make a statement, which was as follows:
"I remember distinctly to have sold the arsenic to a woman whom I now
know to be Mrs. Sutton. It was a trifle more than a week ago. She came
into the store and presented a prescription to which Dr. McLaughlln's name
was attached, calling for an ounce of the poison. I had filled .several of the
physician's prescriptions at other times, but did not compare the signatures.
Mrs. Sutton said that she wanted to get the arsenic to give to the doctor. He
intended, she asserted, to use it externally for a sore. She bought some ab
sorbent cotton and a few other articles at the same time and paid 93 cents fcr
the whole purchase. I saw her at the store several times before and knew her
face. There is no mistake. I am positive that she is the woman who bought
the ounce of arsenic. I know how serious a thing it is to say, but here I am
and what could I do but tell the truth? I cautioned Mrs. Sutton about the use of
the poiscn, but she eaid she would not handle It. I remembered her Immedi
ately when I saw her. this morning." j
Mrs. Z. C. Sutton Is Positively Identified.
Mrs. Bowers and Mrs. Sutton were given two rigorous "sweatings" yester
day, but denied ever having seen the arsenic in question. Attorney Frank
Drury has been retained by the two imprisoned women as counsel and they
are preparing to make a determined battle against prosecution by the officers
of the Jaw. Patrick O'Leary still maintains that he Is innocent of all wrong
doing. Mrs. Bowers stated to the police Thursday night that she had patronized
only the Owl drug store and the one at the corner of Fifth and Folsom streets.
Detective Ryan went at once to the last named establishment and asked if any
prescriptions calling for arsenic had been filled there recently. Clerk J. C. Pe
terson found one signed by Dr. McLaughlin, which had been filled on the morn
ing of August 19, six days previous to the death of Bowers.
DRUG CLERK J. C. PETERSON, according to the evidence discovered by the
police authorities, sold to Mrs. Z. C. Sutton the arsenic which brought death
to Martin L. Bowers. The poison was secured on a prescription to which the
name of Dr. McLaughlin was forged. The person who wrote the prescription
Is declared to be Mrs. Martin Bowers, who is suspected 1 of murdering the
bridge builder. The motive for thesuppoEed crime is thought to be the desire
of Mrs. Bowers to run away with Patrick O'Leary. The chain of evidence against
the suspected woman is growing stronger every hour. It Is expected that she or
her sister will break down at almost any moment and make a complete confession.
Shortly after midnight of Thursday the prescription calling for an ounce of
arsenic was discovered in the drug store of J. Askenasy at the corner of Fifth
and Folsom streets. Yesterday morning J. C. Peterson, who sold the poison,
positively identified Mrs. Sutton as the purchaser and she was immediately taken
Into custody by the police. Last night detectives found Dr. McLaunhlln at
Petaluma, where he went Wednesday for a short vacation, and he pronounced
the signature on the prescription a rank forgery. Handwriting Expert Kytka
stated, after a microscopical examination of* the chirography of Mis. Martin
Bowers, that she had signed the physician's name to the paper which called
for the arsenic.
Drug Clerk Peterson Says Arsenic Was
Purchased by Mrs. Z, C. Sutton.
Domestic hides again average slightly
lower, but email offerings maintain im
ported hides.
Failures this week numbered 176 in the
United States, against 173 last year, and
S3 in Canada, compared with 14 a year
ego.
Busings failures in the United States
for weekending to-day number 112, against
166 last week. 140 in the like wek of 1902,
1SS In 1501. 163 in 1900 and 161 in 1&>9. In
Canada failures for the week number 25,
as against 14 last week and 20 in this week
a year ago.
R. G. Dun & Co.'s Weekly Review of
Trade to-morrow will say:
There Is eti'.l no Indication of the de
pression in trade and industry that pessi
mists predicted would follow the depllne
In securities. Conservatism was developed
by the uncertainty regarding the effect
upon financial conditions, but legitimate
business is able to secure funds as they
are required and the more continuous pro
gress of business gives promise of greater
permanent gain. Weak spots have been
disclosed and the technical position
strenthened, just as occurred in the stock
market. Readjustment after a period of
inflation must of necessity bring some
losses, yet the outlook is brightened by
the removal cf the threatened Industrial
clouds. Dispatches from all sections tes
tify to the liberal distribution of mer
chandise and the disposition to prepare
for greater consumption of all the neces
saries of life, while the crops are making
good progress, aside from some cotton de
struction in Texas. The number of buy
ers in New York is increasing and a
heavy fall trade Is anticipated.
Wheat (.including flour) exports for the
week ending August 27 aggregate 3.245,056
bushels, against 3,372.789 bushels last week
ait<l 5.C6.530 this week last year.
Trade conditons are still slightly un
even, due to '.he backwardness of crops
in some tect.ons, damage reports from
others and tncertainty as to the mone
tary outlook Fall trade in favorably sit
uated sections compares well with a year
ago. while '.n others a disposition to hold
back is rr.anlfested. Car congestion re
ports ere ctlll numerous. The feeling
grows that the Iron trade is grounding
on the bottom as regards prices and small
buying 'if plg:ron is more marked, but
there Js some uncertainty still noted.
Taken «/« a whole the situation has many
elements cf strength. What business is
dolr.g Is of the solid character and in fact
ar.y tendency to overextension Is con
s-pcuouply absent. Wool is firmer. In a
more moderate demand.
NEW YORK. Aug. 2S— Bradstreet's to
morrow will sar:
Any Tendency to Overexten
sion Is Conspicuously
Absent.
Small Buying of Pig
Iron Becomes More
Marked.
TRADE IS STILL
RATHER UNEVEN
FORGED PRESCRIPTION FOR DEADLY POISON ALLEGED TO HAVE BEEN
WRITTEN BY MRS. MARTIN L BOWERS AND PRESENTED BY HER SISTER
M. Sena, a peddler, was instructed and
arraigned before Police Judge Slogan yes
terday on a charge of grand, larceny and
the- case was continued till Monday. On
Thursday afternoon he entered the store*
of Abraham Samuels, 1092 Howard street,
and kept. Samuels Mn conversation' while
a v confederate stole eight watches, from
the counter. Sena was arrested by De
tectives Regan and U'Conneil. but 'his
companion- succeeded In making his es
cape.
Accused of Stealing Watches.
The Thirty-eighth Assembly District
delegation to the Republican nominating
convention met last night at club head
quarters at the corner of Golden Gate
avenue and Webster street. Twenty-two
of- the twenty-five delegates-elect were
present. Max Goldberg was elected
chairman.- A resolution indorsing Henry
Ach for chairman of the convention was
unanimously adopted. The Twenty-eighth
Assembly District delegates to the \ Re
publican local convention met recently, on
East, street and indorsed John J. Fan
ning of 308 Folsom street. for Supervisor.
He is 40 years of age and a man of fam
ily.* Before going into business for him
,self he was a marine engineer, and skilled
machinist. ..The , district has not had a
Supervisor since Chris Dunker's term ex
pired eight, years ago. ,;'/.;.
Republican Delegates.
.The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that the following ex
aminations will be held at San Francisco
on October 21 for the Philippine service:
Estimate clerk and computer, salary $1600
per annum: jacket writer, $1600: proof
reader and reviser, $1600; compositor, $1400;
compositor-linotype operator, $1400; book
binder, $1400; pressman, $1400; electrotyper,
$1600; photo engruyer, $1400; electrician
engineer-machinist, $1600 or $1800, depend
ing upon the qualifications of the person
selected. ..If the person appointed to this
position displays intelligence and demon
strates his efficiency there is a good op
portunity for his promotion to $2000 per
annum.. The ace limits for all of these
examinations are. 18 to 40 years. Apply
to tho United States Civil Service Com
mission, Washington, D. C, or secretary
of the Consolidated Board of Civil Ser
vice Examiners. 301 Jackson street, San
Francisco, for application '. forms 2 and
1093, which should be properly executed
and filed with the commission at Wash
ington. "* > "
Opportunity for Compositors, Book
binders, Pressmen, Proof -Readers,
Electrotypers, Electricians, Etc.
PRINTERS WANTED FOR
PHILIPPINE SERVICE
Ten- Year-Old James Erskine Travels
Alone From.Galveston,
Texas.
In the detention room of the City Hall
Police Station, a lad of ten summers,
who has wandered all the way. from-'Gal
veston, Tex., watches and waits for the
time when he will be free and able to re
turn once more to the existence he loves
so well. His name is James Erskine and
he can relate tales of his travels that
would fill a small volume.
The lad arrived in this city last Wednes
day afternoon, according to his own story.
He journeyed about town till he reached
the Mission district, and being tired and
weary, he sat down on a Guerrero-street
doorstep and fell asleep. He was found
later by Patrolman O'Connor and taken
to the City Hall station, where he will
be kept till a home is found for him.
The lad is a native of Galveston, and
he left there several' weeks ago, beating
his way, to this city on freight trains.
His father was killed when he was a mere
infant and his mother met her death in
the terrible Galveston flood three years
ago.
Ever since his mother's death the boy
lived with an aunt. . He. became tired of
home and. resolved to come to California.
He says hie had a pleasant trip and adds
that he wants to be released and go to
work and earn his own living. v He Is a
bright little chap and is a remarkably
good talkef for one of his age.
WANDERING ORPHAN BOY* !
, ARRIVES IN THIS CITY
The authorities have investigated the matter of the bank account and find
that Mrs. Martin Bowers could not have been Influenced to murder her hus
band for that reason. All the while that he was at Mare Island he sent down
a certain sum weekly, which was deposited in the Hibernia Savings Bank. Mrs.
Bowers deposited the money and could have drawn it at any time. When she
withdrew the S'JSOO and placed it in the German Savings Bank she left her pass
book at the latter institution. The police .think that she feared arrest and
wanted to cet the money where it could not be touched. It is thought that
she cared much more for the ignorant O'Leary than she cares to have known.
Her husband was jealous of her. and his death might have cleared the way for
a fourth marriage, this time with O'Leary.
Professor Morgan, who, under the direction of City Chemist Green, i3 exam
ining the internal organs of the dead man, stated yesterday that the quantitative
analysis would not be completed for two or three days yet. Arsenic in large
quantities was present in Bowers' stomach. The arsenic was in the form of
white powder. No charge will be placed against the names of any of those de
tained for several days yet. Chief Wittman says more evidence is forthcoming.
Dr. Draper, attending physician at the German Hospital, made the ' following
statement in regard to the Bowers case yesterday:
"When the patient was brought in he was in a dying condition. I immediate
ly applied the usual restoratives and did everything to keep him alive. I was,
not positive to his ailment, ns I made no examination myself, as the man was too
far gone. At the time of his death I refused to sign the death certificate, as I
had not treated the patient for any sickness myself and was therefore obliged
to notify the Coroner. I explained this to Mrs. Bowers. The patient was in the
building only a few hours before he died."
The funeral of Mr. Bowers was held yesterday under the auspices of
Alta Lodge No. 203, Independent Order of Odd Fellows. Those that attended the
funeral were Mrs. Martin Bowers, ¦ Mr. and Mrs. Harry Bowers and, brother
members of the lodge. The usual funeral services were conducted at the Odd
Fellows* Hall and the remains were removed to Mount Olivet Cemetery, where
they were interred.
Police Search for a Motive for the Murder.
identified' as the purchaser of the arsenic. Both women maintained their stand
of the morning and did not vary to any considerable extent from their previous
statements.
John Cunningham, a waiter in the Oberon, was also examined last night. He
had been a frequent visitor at the Clementina-street house. He denied all
knowledge of any ill-feeling between Martin Bowers and his wife. Hfi was al
lowed to depart on the "understanding that he would be on hand If wanted.
QUARREL OVER TOOLS
ENDS IN A HOMICIDE
John Hippert Jr. Shoots and Kills I.
N. Robinson, a Pioneer, in
God's Country.
NEVADA, Aug. 28.— As a result of an
altercation over some borrowed tools and
a small sum of money, I. N. Robinson Is
dead and John Hippert Jr. 13 in custody.
Word was received at Granlteville this
morning that a shooting affray had taken
place In God's country, and a constable
was dispatched to the scene. The Cor
oner and Sheriff left for the place this
morning. There were no witnesses to the
shooting, but young Hippert's version 13
that he shot in self defense. I. N. Rob
inson, the murdered man. was a native
of Ohio, but has resided in the State for
more than forty years, and was con
sidered well to do. He shot and killed
Patrick Mulligan several years ago. but
was acquitted on the plea of self defense.
MBS. ALEXANDER WLNTON
DROWNS HERSELF IN LAZE
Wife of Manufacturer of Automo
biles, Suffering From Sickness,
Takes Her Own Life.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Aug. 2S.— Mrs.
Alexander Wlnton, wife of the president
of the Wlnton Automobile Company, com
mitted suicide early to-day by throwing
herself into the lake. Mrs. Wlnton had
been in ill-health for several months.
She arose from bed early this morning
during the temporary absence of her
nurse and disappeared. Subsequently her
body was recovered from the lake.
Intimate friends express the belief that
she accwentally fell over the steep em
bankment near the Wlnton residence.
When the body was found It was clad
only in a night robe.
Death of a Former legislator.
STOCKTON*. Aug. 23.— W. R. Leadbet
ter, a pioneer resident of this city, who
was identified with the city's progress for
years, being City Superintendent of
Schools, and holding other positions of
trust, died this morning at the age of 65
years. A widow and two married daugh
ters survive him. He represented this dis
trict in the Legislature in 1SS0. and was
formerly a member of the Maine Legisla
ture.
IN an interview at Petaluma yesterday
Dr. McLaughlin Inferred that he, did
not care to be mixed up in the Bowers
case, although he willingly reviewed
the events which transpired previous
to the death of the bridge builder.
While Dr. McLaughlin would j not say
that Bowers died from arsenical poison
ing, he thought all of the conditions
strange, to say the least. When Dr. Mc-
Laughlin first took charge of the case
Bowers, according to the statement of his
wife, had been suffering for three wteks
from the effects of having partaken of
pork, she also having been a sufferer.
The symptoms were diarrhea, vomiting
and emaciation. The physician refused to
handle the patient unless he was removed
to the Waldeck Sanatorium and Drs. Von
Tietjen and Dillon had been reimbursed
for their services. Bowers had been at
the sanatorium only one day when Dr.
McLaughlin was successful in stopping
the spells of vomiting. Later the diarrhea
gave way to treatment and on a die: of
peptonized milk the sick man appeared on
the road to recovery.
Dr. McLaughlln's treatment had been
the regular one employed in cases of
ptomaine poisoning, although Bowers had
all the symptoms of a person suffering
from lead poisoning, and this was puz
zling. In fact, it was such an interesting
and unusual feature that Dr. McLaughlin
invited Dr. O'Brien of Petaluma to have
a look at the patient, and this latter phy
sician corroborated yesterday the state
ment of Dr. McLaughlin. After being at
the sanatorium nearly four weeks. Dr.
McLaughlin thought Bowers well enough
to be taken home and so told his wife, es
pecially as she. complained of being too
poor to keep her husband at such an es
tablishment, f
Strangely enough, the very day that
Bowers was removed to his Clementina
street residence, there was a resumption
of the vomiting spells. Mrs. Bowers also
said that her husband was unable to take
the peptonized milk longer. As Dr. Lagen
had at this stage been summoned In
the case, Dr. McLaughlin refused to have
anything more to do with the patient.
A MAN WITH A METHOD.
A Practical Salesman Inaugurates a
Successful System for TTav
... ; eling .Men.
Mr. Charles S. Burhaus and wife of Elk
hart, Ind.,are visiting San Francisco on a
trip both of business and pleasure.
Mr. Burhaus holds one of the most re
sponsible positions In the business of the
Dr. Miles Medical Company, which ranks
as one of the leading patent medicine In
stitutions of the world.
He has the superintendence and direc
tion of over fifty traveling salesmen, and
has originated and perfected a system of
organization of his force that is said to
be nearer perfection than any other used
in this line of business. In some instances
men are routed for a ten months* trip be
fore returning to the home office, and yet
Mr. Burhaus' system is so minutely per
fect that he knows each day just where
his representative Is: Another feature
which has vastly extended his reputation
has been the establishment of a traveling
men's school of instruction, which con
sists of a- three weeks' course each year.
Early in July the men are called in from
the road and are organized into three
classes and daily are addressed upon top
ics pertaining to each feature and detail
of the business. They are Informed of
trade conditions existing in all parts of
the country, as well >as the banking and
crop situation, and are asked to freely co.
operate with the management in the dis
cussion of business policies for the ensu
ing year. Some Impression of the magni
tude of the business of this company may
be gained when it is known that nearly
200 men. are. on the pay roll and that dur
ing the year 20,000,000 pieces of literature
are distributed from house to house, be
sides mailing ,4,000,000 pieces of additional
matter to separate addresses. In view of
this enormous amount of postal material
Elkhart has been raised from the position
of < twelfth postofflce'ln importance in In
diana to fourth position. Mr. Burhaus
has been for nine years in the service of
the company and was for many years a
traveling salesman. Having spent several
weeks In Southern California and this city
he returns to the East in a few days.
The idea that cherry stones, grape seeds
and the like are the cause of appendicitis
does. not seem to be borne out by ex
perience. They are sometimes found In
the vermiform "appendix, but" there Is no
good reason for believing that they really
cause ; appendicitis.
PRESCRIPTION ALLEGED TO HAVE BEEN FORGED BT MRS. BOW
ERS. DRUG CLERK WHO FILLED IT AND MAN FOR LOVE OF
WHOMTVOMAN IS SAID TO HAVE POISONED HER HUSBAND.
Dr. McLaughlin Tells
of Bowers' Stay
at Waldeck.
COUNCIL BLUFFS, la,, Aug. 28.— All
the lower portions of the city are still
under water that has covered the lower
floors of many homes. Rowboats were
befng used in several of the down- town
districts to-day and, that, portion of the
country between here and the south is a
solid lake. Street . cars were abandoned
on the line to Manawa and launches are
being used instead. But one railroad had
clear tracks out of the city to-day. East
ern mails are forty-eight hours late.
BILLINGS, Mont., Aug. 23. — Word has
been received here from Moorcroft, VTyo.,
that the most disastrous cloudburst in the
history of that section occurred there yes
terday morning. Two large bridges on
the Burlington and a large amount of
trackage were washed out and destroyed,
delaying traffic from twelve to twenty
four hours. Two passenger trains are
stalled and It is not expected to get trains
through until late to-night.
The third was ¦Willie Paulsen, who lost
his life in the flooded cellar of his home
in Council Bluffs.
OMAHA, Aug. 2S.— Three deaths are re
ported as a result of the high water.
Two of them were Jefferson Keep and
Edgar Hamilton, aged 10 and 11. in South
Omaha. They were swimming in back
water and got beyond their depth and
were drowned before assistance could
reach them.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. Aug. 2S.— The pre
dicted rise In the Kansas River at this
point is being realized. From midnight to
8 o'clock this morning the river had risen
three feet, a total of eight feet in twenty
four hours, and it continues to rise at the
rate of two Inches an hour. It is expected
that the water will continue to come up
at the present rate for another twelve
hours at least.
KANSAS RIVER CONTINUES
TO BISE THREATENINGLY
Floods Do Much Damage to Prop
erty in Omaha and Coun
cil Bluffs.
To-day's movements consisted of a fierce
engagement, during which a landing party
of 1S0O men under Rear Admiral Coghlan
captured all the stations and defenses of
the Scape and Spurwin. The marines and
jackies landed almost at dawn and were
engaged until after noon, when they re
turned to the fleet, which had remained
off Rlchmonds Island all day. Rear Ad
miral Coghlan believed he had achieved
the grandest victory of the navy, but at
3:<5 Lieutenant Jordan. In command of the
engineer corps at the Two Lights, was in
formed by telephone that the umpires had
decided that no landing was effected by
the invaders, as the men and boats had
been put out of action before the landing
was attempted. Therefore the capture of
all the points on the Scape, including the
signal searchlight and flre control sta
tions at Two Lights, the defenses at Sil
ver Springs and the searchlight at Pond
Cove, was void, and they stand as if no
attempt had been made at their capture.
This left the Immense searchlights in
action for a demonstration to-night. Re
ports that the invaders were marching
upon the forts and the city prevailed, but
if such had been the intention it was not
carried out, the men returning to the
ships at 3M5. The men standing at the
entrenchments on Meeting House Hill,
three miles from the city, were reinforced
by COO men from the forts in anticipation
of an assault from the invaders or an at
tempt to march upon the city proper. The
capture of this force would require more
than 6000 Invaders.
PORTLAND. Me.. Aug. 2S.— At noon to
morrow the mimic war waged off this port
since midnight Tuesday, with all manner
of maneuvers by the navy, will come to
an end and the several thousand men
hurried to the defense of the city will be
withdrawn from the harbor defenses.
Contest Between Squadron
and Chaffee's Troop3 Will
End at Noon.
Umpires in War Game
Decide Against
Invaders.
NAVY'S GALLANT
FEATS ARE VOID
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, 'SATUKDAY, AUGUST 29, 1903.
HANDWRITING EXPERT KYTKA: "Dr. McLaugh
lin's signature on that prescription is a plain forgery. I
have compared the handwriting on the prescription with
that of Mrs. Bowers and am convinced that she did the Afork."
3
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24,
1003, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested to pre-
sent them immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates will be
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24.
JTEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
A CLEANLY AGE.
Twentieth Century Ideas Incline To-
ward Sanitation and Preventives.
Nowadays scientists believe that* In
cleanliness lies the secret of prevention
of diseases.
To prevent a disease, remove the cause.
Siist as unclean habits breed many diseases.
so careless habits will breed dandruff, irn-
iirojjer u*« of another'* brushes, combs, etc.,
will eurt-ly cause dandruff, and, in time, will
j wt as surely cause baldness.
It'« micrubic infection, nothing more nor
lees
Jtewbro'c Herpicide kills the dandruff perm.
and caUM.s hair to crow luxuriantly. Herpt-
cide is absolutely tree from grease or other
injurious eutotancec.
Hold* by leading drurrirts. Send 10c in
Biarojw for sample to The Herpicide Co.. De-
trclt. Mich. »
There are some pure mus-
tards now; Schilling's Best
was the first. But pure is not
bne; Schilling's Best is the
only fine, or at least the finest;
not colored ; there's prettier
mustard to iook at— that isn't
what mustard is for.
Your grocer's ; moneyback.PRINCIPALS IN SENSATIONAL
BATTERY CASE TRIED AT
SAN MATEO.
. BERLIN. Aug. 28. — Two students named
Ludwig Schmitt and Emll Mark of Heidelberg
have been sentenced to three months' deten
tion la a fortress for dueling.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 28.— A well known wine
dealer and grape grower here says If the"
grape growers of this and other sections
of the State do not receive as much for
their grapes this year as they did last
year it would " not be because of an in
creased supply of the product. On the
contrary, the California grape crop will
fall short this season of the crop -of 1902,
small as that was. , .
Says Grape Crop Will Fall Short.
SAN DIEGO, Aug.- 28.— At to-day's ses-
Eion of the Western Baptist Association
the following resolution was enthusiastic
ally adopted:
The Western Baptist . Association hereby In
dorses the sentiments of our honored Presi
dent. Theodore Roosevelt, in the position he
has taken against lawlessness and mob vio
lence. In America; and that we beseech the
great' bead of all governments to give him
wisdom and valor that he may lead this great
American nation to stand for the united prin
ciples of truth.- honor and Justice, and that
we deplore the occasions for those general out
breaks whether they be against negro or any
other man.
Indorses Sentiments of President.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 28.— Governor
Pardee and Secretary Melick of the Board
of Examiners left to-day for Dagueire
Point, about ten miles above Marysville,
where it is proposed to cut a canal, the
cost of which is estimated at $158,000. They
will inspect the proposed work for the pur
pose of determining whether or not the con
tract for the construction of the ' canal
should be approved. They will "also in
spect the work being done in connection
with the construction of the two brush
darns above the canal site and which are
to cost $35,000.
Will Inspect Proposed Canal Site.*
Prince Leaps From. Automobile.
BERLIN, Aug. 28.— The automobile of
Prince Eltel Friederlch, second son of
Emperor William, got out of the control
of the driver to-day near Bonn and start
ed down the mountain side.- The Prince
leaped out and the driver stopped the ma
chine at a neighboring village.
affairs and the confession of Deputy Con
stable Gianocca caused Justice Pitche:
to use caution and send the Smith cas<
out of his jurisdiction.
JUJtORS ARE SCARCE.
When the case was called to-day a large
number of residents of the county were
present.. Attorney Percy E. Fuller of San
Francisco represented the defendant and
Attorney James O'Keefe of Redwood City
acted as special prosecutor. The defense
waived a Jury trial but- the prosecution
followed the order of thlnga and twelve
men were called to the jury box. There
was considerable difficulty in getting a
jury. It appears that there are about
140 firemen in the little town and all
claim exemption from Jury duty on. that
score. Many more of the talesmen Were
not taxpayers and they were excused.
Even the superintendent of streets asked
to be relieved on the ground that his
services might be required at any mo
ment.
It was nearly 3 o'clock in the after
noon when eleven jurors had been chosen
and both sides agreed to try the case be
fore them. The prosecution outlined Its
case and placed on the stand as its first
witness Frank Martini. In a frank man
ner the witness related how Smith had
struck Migull and told what he knew of
the assault. Then Witness Vlncenso, with
Frank Albcrtonl acting as SCfi Interpreter,
corroborated Martini's testimony. The
complaining witness next took the wit
ness stand and testified that without
provocation and while ho was conversing
with Supervisor Debenedetti, Smith had
struck him and inflicted an ugly wound
over his eye. Dr. Emerson testified that
the wound must have been produced by
some blunt instrument.
SMITH BECOMES CONFUSED.
Wh6n the prosecution closed its case
Attorney Fuller asked for a dismissal,
first on the grounds that there was not
sufficient evidence to convict, and second
ly, that tho case was not being tried bo
fore the proper tribunal. Judge Booth de
nied the motion and the trial proceeded.
Smith's wltnesaes were all truthful. When
the. defendant was himself placed on the
stand he became confused under the fire
of cross-examination by Attorney
O'Keefe, and it* was evident from the Ex
pression on the faces of the Jurors what
their verdict would be. After Instructions
from the Judge a verdict of "guilty as
charged" was rendered. The defense
asked for a ten days' stay of execution. -
Charges against Constable Vallejo have
not yet been brought, but he is likely to
be called to account in the near future.
The disclosure of the jury transaction by
The Call created considerable excitement
in San Mateo County, and many of the
leading citizens express a hope that a
death blow will be Btruck to the alleged
corruption and that right and justice will
again prevail.
BAKERSFIELD, Aug. 28.— Paul W.
Bennett, Superior Judge of Kern County,
has filed with the register of the land
office at Visalia an application for patent
to the present site of the town of Hav
ilah. The town is the former county
seat of Kern and is located about fifteen
miles off the railroad. It was laid out
before any surveys had been made and
no title was ever acquired from the Gov
ernment When the Sierra forest reserve
was created the town was taken in and
the residents notified to move. Lands
have been transferred many times within
the last thirty years and deeds properly
recorded, but the original title is lack
ing. Judge Bennett's application is made
to clear the title. The case will be heard
before United States Commissioner A. C.
Maude at Bakersfleld on October 5. v *? : '
Superior Judge of Kern County Be
gins Proceedings to Clear Land
Titles in Havilah.
The accusation is openly made that the
constable is subject to the masterly rule
of the Supervisor. When the latter's
friends engage in lawlessness they are In
many cases protected and the Juries, in
the face of indisputable evidence—extend
ing even to admissions of guilt— acquit the
defendants, and the Justice of the district
is powerless to interfere. This state .of
APPLIES FOR A PATENT
TO THE SITE OF A TOWN
the venire was written. He destroyed it
and set out himself to summon another
Jury. When the day of the trial arrived
tne two venires were in attendance and
Justice Pitcher, being apprised of the.
facts, denounced the transaction aa in
famous and ordered the case set for trial
In this township.
Vallejo is a sort of political protege of
Debehedetti and is now holding three
county positions. One of them is as In
spector of a concrete bridge, the con
struction of which has been awarded to
contractors. He is supposed to be guard
ing the county's interests In an impartial
manner, but at the same time is receiv
ing compensation from the very persons
he is required to watch so that they will
faithfully "fulfill their contract
As soon as the record in each case has
been completed the complaints will be
duly filed against Woods and Murphy, to
be- followed immediately thereafter by an
application to the Governor for the neces
sary requisition upon the Governor of
Nevada.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 28.— The District
Attorney's office in this city is preparing
complaints to be filed against Convicts
Woods and Murphy, who were captured
in Reno, Nev., as a basis for application
to the Governor for a requisition upon
the Governor of Nevada for their return
to this State. They will be charged in
the complaints with every offense com
mitted by them when they made their
escape with the other prisoners. In El
Dorado County Woods and Murphy will
be charged with the murder of Militiamen
Rutherford and Jones and tho wounding
of Militiaman Gill. In this county they
will be charged with the murder of Guard
Cotter, the robbery of the guards and
the taking of the guns. Murphy will also
be* charged with jailbreaklng. Woods will
not be so charged, as he is a life-termer.
Convicts Caught at Reno to Be Tried
for Killing Militiamen and
Prison Guard.
WOODS AND MTJRPHY MUST .
FACE CHARGES OF MURDER
In the case of Smith, Deputy Con
stable Peter A. Gianocca swore that
after he had summoned a venire of
Jurors to try Smith. Vallejo had object
ed to the talesmen because, as Vallejo
expressed himself, "these men might
convict the defendant. "We must have
this man Smith acquitted," he added, "I
would give $20 of my own money rather
than see him punished."
Vallejo demanded the paper on which
As related exclusively in The -Call
this morning, court affairs became such
in the Halfmoon Bay district that Justice
John Pitcher abandoned all effort to se
cure th% proper administration of jus
tice and transferred the case to another
magistrate, where the power, that he al
leges hampered him, counted for little
or naught. Justice Pitcher complained
that Constable Vallejo had been In the
habit of selecting Juries which were fa
vorable to certain defendants, and that
convictions in his court, were nearly as
rare as icebergs In the tropics.
TUGGIAUQ WITH JURY.
a few moments' deliberation for
the Jurors to determine the guilt of the
defendant and to Justify the precaution
taken by Justice Pitcher of Half moon
Bay Township, who transferred the case
to this city for trlaL Justice TV. O.
Booth conducted the trial. Those who sat
with the court in the determination of
the matter were citizens of the highest
repute and were selected in a legal man
ner. Supervisor Joseph Debenedetti and
Constable Fred Vallejo, whose names
figure prominently In an embryo ecandal
in connection with the case, were conspic
uous by their absence, though the first
named might have given essential tes
timony in behalf of his henchman if
what Bmith testified to is correct.
SAN MATEO. Aug. 29.— A Jury of
eleven men to-day convicted G.
Sidney Smith of battery upon
Joseph MlgulL It required but
Special Dispatch to The Call,
President. Rev. W. M. "White; vice president.
A. A. Macurda; secretary. Miss Violet Lamont;
treasurer, Frank I. Turner; executive commit
tee — Rev. E. Nelander, Rev. W. M. White,
Rev. Dr. H. H. Bell, H. E. Wilkinson, Rev.
Charles Lathrop, Rev. F. A. Keast, Rev. Dr.
F. M. Larkin and H. C. Symonds.
The Rev. William Rader spoke on "The
Boy Problem" and took occasion to say
that the youth of the United States
needed reverence and respect for his eld
ers, and what' was most essential was
that he be obedient. If we taught our
boys obedience, more than we do, said
Mr.' Rader, there would be no such thing
as trying to capture escaped criminals.
He would have boy's value obedience, ob
serve respect for parental authority and
national statutes and civic law. He de
plored what he called the "slaughter
houses of boys' virtue," which he said
exist in San Francisco. » •
• Mr. Rader said he believed in the cul
tivation of manliness In youth and he ob
jected to the effeminate boy as much as
he disliked the masculine girl. He wanted
to see the manly boy and the womanly
girl all thje time. He extolled the great
old teachers of the past and said that the
home was the great Institution; It was, he
said, the thermometer of the republic
San Francisco, said Mr. Rader, needed
the home more. than anything else and
the Sunday-school should be the exten
sion of the home. He warned the Sun
day-school that It must be simple and
possess the naturalness and all tho
atmosphere of the home.
The result of the election of officers for
the ensuing year was as follows:
Mr. . Guthrie, speaking especially to the
teachers,' told them they should ask
themselves whether they were teachers
in name or teachers in fact. It was not
the letter "they wanted, he said, but the
spirit. The three essentials for a teacher
were first to "Know whom you would
teach" ; second, "What you are to teach,"
and third, "How to teach it."
OBEDIENCE IN YOUTH.
Later a general session, over which the
Rev. Dr. H. H. Bell presided, was opened
with prayer by the Rev. Dr. F. M. Larkin,
the devotion being followed by an address
entitled "The Art of Questioning," by the
Rev. "W. K. Guthrie.
LITERATURE FOB YOTJTH.
Mr. Jopson then, alluded -to -the litera
ture best for young people and youth' to
read, for, he said, the child being Im
pressionable must of necessity be I in
fluenced for good or evil by ;th» reading
matter placed in its hand. While, the Sun
day school had a home department, so he
said had infidelity its home department,
hence it was absolutely necessary to
guard youth in the choice of literature.
Mr. Jopson said that the home depart
ment sowed and gathered in the harvest, j
It reached- the people by invitation and
reached them also by personal contact.
The perpetual house to house vi3it, he
said, had been attended by untold success.
It reached those who were unable to at
tend the Sunday school and those who
would not, but were later won over.
The address was received with the
heartiest applause. .
I. N. Halliday gave an adress on "The
Normal Department," dealing primarily j
with the training of teachers, and sounded
a warning note' against controversial
study of the Bible, which, he said, had
caused turmoil in the world at various
periods.
Mrs. G. R. Alden delivered an address
on "Reading Matter for Young People,"
and C. R. Fisher spoke on "District Or
ganization."
At the evening session the first business,
to be transacted was that of the super
intendents of Sundayrschools^ of the city.
There were addresses by L. H. Carey on
"The Sunday-school Library," another by
A. A. Macurda on "The Music of the
Sunday-school"; "Graded Work of the
School," by A. S. Johnson, and "Rela
tion of the Individual Sunday-school to
the State "Work," by C. R. Fisher.
The San Francisco Sunday School As
sociation met in . annual convention
yesterday fit the Central Methodist Epis
copal Church. The Rev.. W. M. Whlta
presided and the attendance far outnum
bered that at last year's convention."
The convention was opened .with, prayer
by the Rev. E. Nelapder, who was fol
lowed by the Rev. C. W. Jopson, -'whoaa
address on "The Home Department" was
forcible and full of pointed argument In
favor of taking and maintaining the open
Bible wltftln the .home.
In every home, said Mr. Jopson, the
"home department"- -was -the- courier 1 of
the word of God. The crucial problem of
the day was the home, he said, and as
the home advanced so did the world, be
cause the home molded life and charac
ter and individual. * / •¦,, '-• .
Mr. Jopson eaid that the home must
again take its .responsibility and share
in the work of the Sunday School. He
praised and showed the power and Influ
ence of "mothere* meetinga/V which led
him to remind his hearers that "the hand
that rocked the cradle. ruled the world."
Sunday -School Convention
Hears Advice From
Wise Men.
Says There Exists Here
Slaughter Houses of
Boys' Virtue.
PASTOR MAKES
STRONG CHARGE
SAN MATEO JURY RETURNS VERDICT
OF GUILTY IN SMITH BATTERY CASE
Wisdom of Justice Pitcher in Transferring the Proceedings From Half Moon
Bay District Is Shown, for the Political Pull of the Defendant Fails
to Save Him From Punishment for Assaulting Joseph MiguiJ
SEEKS DIVORCE
FROM HERMELIN
Widow Lagrue. Tires of
Second Matrimonial
Venture.
Furnishes an Unexpected
Sequel to a Breach of
Promise Suit.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SAN JOSE, Aug. 28.— The local French
colony, which two years ago was greatly
excited over the breach of promise suit
of Mrs. Rene E. Lagrue against Julien
Hermelin and their subsequent marriage,
is enjoying another Eensation In the shape
of a divorce suit between the couple. Mrs.
Hermelin filed a suit to-day, accusing her
husband of extreme cruelty. For the past
year the couple have had numerous quar
rels, but these were patched up. .
Mrs. Hermelin was the widow of Hec
tor LagTue, former proprietor cf the La
Molle House ard wine merchant of this
city, and at his death Inherited about
t'itfi/j. Before 6he had discarded her
widow's weeds the fell la love with Jullen
Herraelin, who conducts the Hotel France
at ths corner of Post and San Pedro
streets. Hermelin also had money, but
Mrs. Lagrue became so enamored with
him she asreed to give him some of her
property if he would marry her. After
being engaged Hermelin backed out of
the matrimonial bargain. Mrs. Lagrue
then cued him for breach of promise, al
leging that her affections had been trifled
with and damaged to the extent of «20,000.
Hermelin compromised the matter by
marrying the widow.
Mrs. Hermelin now asks for an absolute
divorce. Their property interests have
been kept separate and there Is no com
munity property.
GAS COMPANY BLAMED
FOB McNAMARA'S DEATH
Deadly Fluid Escapes From a De
fective Meter and Kills an
Old Man.
The inquest on the body of Daniel Mc-
Namara, which vra.s continued from June
39. was concluded yesterday, the Jury
bringing in a verdict that death was
caused on May SO by suffocation from the
inhalation of illuminating gas which had
leaked from a defective meter. The Jury
added the following censure: "We find
the gas company responsible for the de
fect in said meter."
McNarnara was SO years of age and re
sided with his family at 2474 Broadway.
He was found dead in his bed on the
morning of May SO. Dr. Henry Gibbons
Jr. was called in and. not having been
informed as to the escaping gas, gave
his opinion that death had been caused
by heart disease, and a report to that
effect was telephoned to the Coroner's
office. The autopsy surgeon ascertained
on opening the body that McNamara had
been suffocated by illuminating gas. and
an Investigation by the Coroner"s depu
ties brought to light the fact that gas
leaking from the meter had escaped dur
ing the night Into McNamara's bedroom
and killed him.
THE SAN FB A NCI8CO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 29, 1903,
4
ADVXBTISEMZITTa.
Of Suffering From
Heart Disease.
I Would Not be Alive
Today
But For Dr. Miles' Heart
Cure.
Do not nef lect the warning symptoms of a
weak heart. Palpitation, smothering spells,
swelling of feet or ankles, pain in and around
heart; ortenliaes affections of the stomach,
lungs, liver, bladder, kidneys, etc, arise from
heart weakness. A weak heart must be
helped. It canaot step to rest It must be
EtrenftheRed and regulated. The blood mast
be enriched, the heart nerves strengthened
and the circulation improved bjr the great
heart and blood tor.ic. Dr. Miles' Heart
Core. There is positively nothing to equal
this wonderful medicine in its beneficial
infiuence cpon hearts weakened from any .
cause.
"I am very grateful for what Dr. Miles
Heart Cure nas done for me, as I am confi-
dent I would not be alive today had I not
learned of its wonderful virtues and taken it
before it was too late. I had been a sufferer
from valvtdar heart disease for many years.
in fact ever since I was a little riii and for
three years before I began using Heart Cure
I was in very bad shape. I could not sleep
on xa y left side at all and would frequently
have the most dreadful smothering $ pells.
At times tnj left side would swell up. I had
pain in my head all the time from which I
suffered- greatly. Nothing I took did me
aaj pood until I used eleven bottles of Dr.
Miles' Heart Cure which removed all these
distressing symptoms and made me feel well
and strong."— Mrs. H- C Cruse, San Fran-
cisco, CaL
All druggists sell and guarantee first bot-
tle Dr. Maes' Remedies, bend for free book
on Nervous and Heart Diseases. Address
Dr. Miles Medical Co, Elkhart, Ind.
$ visit DR. JORDAN'S great}
Shuseuh of flNfiTosnrJ
0 Q) ::i:KiEriTcr.trt.£!t*ri.:.r.:ii.i
\ tjr Tbe Lurest AiatareicD Mima in the \
X. 1 3 Wt fiaaic ».»"l"'r «r^ t, tkt olden T
O / S £5 I *>{*«»*"« «» I*' Cottx. Hit. jt re »n. £
A Z«¥» A OR- JORDAN-DISEASES CF KEN 4
\ lUnl CoenuttMion frr« **d toirtly prirmtc \
M I S*f If Tt^tiBCTt p»r»cn«;!jr or by lettrr. A M
V I r » M fMtw Our* in crery ctit uodenalcea. V
if II 0> Write for B.icV. PBII.«i.UPnr*ri
V • f BiaRUKE, MAILED FKtfi, f Af
A i lr »»lu»l5le book for Bra ) \ .
PS^JOBPAJ^A^O^lO^Mtrfc^ Ht.. S. F. Y
J^^ TTioso snfferlng from weak-
W^ nesses which sap the pleasures
* ¦ * of life should take Juven Pills.
iti One bottle will tell a story of
marvelous results. This medicine has more
rejavenatins. vitalizinr force than has ever
been offered. Sent b j mail in plain package
only on receipt of this adv. and f L
Hade by Its originators C. L Hood Co.. pro-
prietors Hood's Sarsaparilla. LowelL Maaa,
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalog-He and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
TXEBM AMD 81LX KUTt,
JAS BQYES & CO. gyi^E^ff
OILS.
LrUBRXCATIXO OILS. LEONARD A ELLIS,
ii* Front st. 6. F. Phon* Main 1719.
" BATXWAY TBAVEL.
California
Limited...
7b CHICAGO
An Ideal Train
[|ira|llij For Those Who
J&I^M Seek ths Best
SANTA FE TEAINS.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Local Ov'rl'd
k * ' J Dally Dally Dally Dally
Lr Ban Fran I 7:30a 0:30a 4:00p 8:00p
Ar Stockton 10:40alO:01p 7:10pll:15p
"Merced l:08p l:B5p 1:29&
"Fresno 2:4Op 3:2Op 3:15a
"Hanford 4:58p 4:07 p 7:50*
"Vlsalla 4:65p 4:48 p 5:00a
"Bakersfleld ... 7:15 p 8:00p 7:35a
"Kansas City 2:35a 7:00a
"Chicago 2:15p »:*« P
a for morning; p for afternoon.
7:30 a m Dally Is Bakersneld Local, stop-
ping at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:53 a. m. dally.
9:80 a. m Monday and Thursday Is th»
CAX.XFOBZTXA LIMITED, carryiaff Pal-
ace Sleeping: Cars and Dining Cara
through to Chicago. Chair car runs to Bakert-
fleld for accommodation of local first-class pas-
sengers. No second-clasa tickets ar» honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives at
11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
9:30 a. m. Dally Valley Limited. Composite
Car and Reclining ChaJr Car between Bakers-
fleld and San Francisco. Corresponding train
arrives at 11:10 p. m. dally.
4:00 p. m. U Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives at 11:10 a. m. dally.
8:0ft p. m. Daily is the Overland Kxpress
with through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:25 p. m. dally.
Personally conducted parties for Kansas City.
Chicago and East leave San Francisco every
Monday Thursday and Saturday at 8 p. m.
Offices — 841 Market street »nd In Ferry D^
pot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN ftY.CO.
IiBSSBSl
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
BAIXWAT COMPAHT.
Tiburon g«rry, root of Msxkrt It
SAXT rBABTCISCO TO SAW EATAEL-
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 8:00. 8:00. 11:00 a. m.:
12:35. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10, 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
p in.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:30 p. ni.
SUNDAYS— 7:30, 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30,
2-30, 3:40. 6:10, «:30, 11:30 p. m.
SAW BATAXXi TO SAW 7BAH0XSCO.
WEEK DATS— «:0S. 6:50. 7:35.7:50. »:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. 3:40. 5:00, 5:20.
6:25 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at»l:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50, 7:35. 9:20, 11:15 a. m.; 1:45,
3:40, 4:50. 5:00, 5:20. 8:10 6:25 p. m.
. 'Except Saturdays.
Leave I 1° Effect I Arrlvs
San Franclsco.1 May 3. 1900. I San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I . Destina- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. \ tlon. ( days. | Days.
7:30 a 7:45 a 7:43 a
7:30 a 8:00 a 8:40 a 8:40 a
8:00 a 9:30 a Ignacio. 10:20 a 10:20 »
2:30 p 2:30 p . 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p . .' 6:20 p 7:23 p
7:23 p
r:30a 7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2*30 p 9:30 a Petaluma. 6:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:23 p
6:10 p Santa Rosa.
7*80 a 7:30 a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p 7:25 p
{Windsor. ¦
Healdsburr. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p] Oeyserville, 7:25 p 7:23 p
I Cloverdale.
7:30a| 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
7:30 at 7:30 a| Wllllta. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Camp Vacation. 110:20 a]10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Ouernevllle. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 8:40 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:00 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 7:30 al ~ 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebaatcpol. \ 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa - Rosa for -White Sulphur
Springs: at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Oey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Booneville and Ore en wood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kefseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springy Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's Riverside, Lterly's
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights. HuUvllie, Orr"s
Hot Springs, Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg
West port, Usal; at "Wllllts for Fort Bragg
Westport, Sherwood, Canto, Covello, Layton-
vllle. Cummlngs, Bell's Springs, Harris, oi-
sen's. Dyer. Garberville. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka. s> * :'¦ ¦ .
Saturday to Monday round-trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday— Round-trip tickets to all oolnta
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WH1TINO, R. X. RTAN.
Pen. Manager. Pen. Pass. Agt.
£0KOBKH(2A AffO nUSAHT DXSOLaSSC].
A CURE 1A 48 HOURS.
Weak Men arid Women
SHOTJLDU3K DAMIANA BITTERS. THK
Great Mexican Remedy: gives health and
strength to Hezual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
EAHWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
- Trains leave and are due to arrive aC
SAN Fll.VXCI.SCO.
¦ (Mala Line. Toot of MarHet Street )
mats — Fao:i Accost 28. 1903. — amits
7.00a Bvalcla, Sulsan, Klmlrs and fiocrs-
meatu 7-25p
7.00a Tic«Tllle, Wlatert. Ramser.. 7-2Sr
7.30a Martinez. Saa Ramon. Vallejo,
Saps. CallstcKa. Sant» Rosa &-2Sr
7.30a NUes. Llyermoro, Lathrop. Stocit-
¦ . J ton 7.2Sr
|.Hi DaYls,Wood]*nd,Kntgat« Landing.
MsryiTllle. Oro»llle. (connect*
it.VUrysvnis for GrldleT.Blgss
andCnico) 7-BSr
8 00* Atlantic Esprems— OgdenaadRut. 1025*
8 00* Port Costa. Martinez. Antlocb. B/-
ron,Tracy.8tocktoD,6acramento,
Los Bnnos. Mendota, Han ford.
TUslla. PorterTlll* «4.25p
ICO* Port Costa, Martinez, Tracy. Latb-
rop, Modesto. Merced. Fresno,
Go«ben Junction. Hsaford, VI-
•alia. Itakersfleld 5.25J*
>.30a Enasta Express— Darls. William*
(for Bartlett Sprlnci). WUJows, ¦
tFrnto. Ued Bluff, Portland 7-55*
840a Kiles, 8sa Jose, Utermore, Stock-
ton. lone. Sacri> men to.P'.acerT'lits,
-¦ UarysTllle. Cnlco, Red Bluff 4.25r
830* Oakdale. Cbtnese. Jamestown. So-
norm, Toolumne and ADgels ..... 4.Z5P
900a Martinez and Way Stations B.55r
1000a Vallejo .— 12-2&T
1000a El Paw Psiienfer, Eastbonnd.—
Port CosU, Martin es, Byron.
' Trsey. Lathrop. Stockia*.
Merced. Raymond. Fresno. Hs».-
ford. Vlsa.Ua, Bakersfleld. Los
Angeles and El Paso. fWesV •
bound arrives via, Coast Llne>.. . «130?
1000a Tbo OTerland Limited — Ogden,
Denrer, Omaha, Chicago. 5s2 p
1200* Hsyward. Nlies and Way SuUons. 3.25?
tVOOr Saeramento ItlTer Steamers 111.00*
3.30^ Benlcla. IVIntet*. Sacramento.
Woodland, Williams. Colusa, WH-
. lows. Kniichts Landing-, llarya-
vine. OroTllle and way stations..' 13 a5 *
3.30? Hay ward. Nlles and Way Stations.. 7-55r
4.C0r Msrtlnei.8annamon.VsIleJo.Ksps - —
Calisfoga. Santa Uo«a ;. ... 9*5*
4-OOr Martinez. Tracy.Lathrop.Stockton. 10.2oa
4-00* Tflles. LlTermore. Stockton. Lodl.. 4~?5r
430r Hayward. Niles. Irflngtoo. Saa » tS^>5A
Jose. LtTertaore t J1 1.53 a.
S-COp Tbe Owl Limited— Fresno. Tulare,
Bakersfleld. Los Angeles 8 55*
E OOr Port Coils, Tracy, Stockton, Los
Banos 12 25r
1S-30> Bayward, Niles and San Jose 7 ?5*
6.001" Hayward. lilies and San Joss....... 10 2b*
?7.8& jvallejo.
6.00' Oriental Mall— Sacramento, Ogden. -
DenTer, Omaha. St. Louis. Cat-
. ctgosndEast. (Carries flrst-cl»«s
raasengemcm'.y out of Saa Frsn-
clsco. Tourist car axtd coach
passengers for points beyond
' ' Sacramento take 7.VOT. ». tralsi ' "¦
! to Reno, contlnnlng tnence la
. .. .1 their cars Sp.jf. train eastward.. 4.2Sj>
74tOr Port Costa, Benlcla, Balsnn, Davis,
Saerameato, Trnckea, Reno.
Stops st all stations east of
Sacramento 7.55a
7.00p Saa Pablo. Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations 11-25a
' B-CSr Oregon 4k California. Express— Sao-
ramento, MarysTille, Redding.
Portland, Pnget Sound and East, 8.53a
$8>10r Bsyward, >'Ues sad Saa Jots (Saa-
day only) 111.65 a
11.25? Port Costa, Tracy, Lathrop. Mo-
desto, Merced, Raymond (to Yo
semlte). Fresno, Uanford. VI-
sajla, Bakersfleld 12-2SF
COAST LINE (Marrow Uauge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
|746a Ssnta Crai Excursion VSuadsy
only) »-10>
8.15a Newark. CenterrlMa. Saa Jose.
Fsltoa. Boulaer Creek, Sant*
Cruz and Way Stations SZ5?
12.1 6r Kewark, Centenrllle, San Joss,
Kew Almaden. Los Gatos.Feltoo,
Bouldf r Crftek, Santa Crui and
Principal Wst Suttons 10.55a
4.1Bp Newark. San Jose, Los Oatos and
way stations (on Saturday and
Sunday runs through to Sane*
Cruz; Monday only from Santa QU
Cruz). Connects at FeKon to -
¦¦ and from Boulder Creek +3-55 a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
FroB SAN >' KAN CISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip**
— tf:13 t:0O 11:00 a.m. 100 3 00 515 p.m.
From OAKLAND, toot of Proad way — t*:0O Xi:Q»
t8:05 10:00 a.m. 12 00 2.00 4-00 rja.
COAST LINE (Broad bante).
XT ( f Bird and Townsead Streets.)
.' 8.10a Ban Jose and Way Stations 8 30?
t7-0OA 6an Jose and Way SUtlons 5.36?
:7.15a Monterey and Sant* Cruz Excur- .
sion (Sunday only) J8.30P
/8.00a New Almaden (Toes., Frld.) /4.10*
8.00a Coast Line Limited— Stops only Son
Jose, Gllroy (connection for Hoi-
lister), Pajaro, Csurovllle. Sa-
ltnas, Saa Ardo, Paso Bobles,
Santa M argarttA. San Lois Obispo,
Ouadalupe. Surf (connection for
Lompoc). Bants. Barbara. Saagaa
¦ ¦ and Los Angeles. Connection at Q
CastroTlUe to and from Monterey
and Pacific GroTo t5.45»0
• 00* Saa Josf. Tres Plnos, Cspltols. &
SanuCrnz,PaelflcGroTe,SaJiaaa,
San Lnis Oblspo and Principal
Intermediata SUtlons 4.10p
10^0* San Jose and Way Buttons .. 4.20V
11.00a Cemetery Passenger— Sooth Saa J
'-'¦-l Francisco. Saa Bruno 1.05*
11 JOa Santa Clara, Sta Joie. Lot Gatos
tad Way Stations 7.30?
•l-5° y Ban Jo «« » n<J W »T Buttons x 700p
Z.OOf San Jose and Way SUtlons 59 40*
2.30> Cemetery Passenger — South Saa
Francisco. San Bruno 4.35?
tJ.OOr Del Monte Exprens— Santa Clara,
Saa Jote, Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grore (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Cms. Boulder
_ ___ Creek and Narrow Gauge Points) M2.1S*
SZV* Pacific GroTQ and Way SUtlons—
Barlingame.San Mateo,Bedwood.
Henlo Park. Palo Alto, Mayfleld.
Mountain View, Lawrence. 6anU> - ' r ,
Clara, Saa Jote, (Gl'.roy. Hollla- J
ter, Tres Plnos), Pajaro. Wauon-
¦yllle. Capltola, Santa Crux, fas-
trovllle, Sallna* „ 1043a
*-30? Saa Jose and Way SUtlons ..... 8.36a
IBOOr San Jote. (rl» Sanu Clara) Lot
Gatos, Wright and Principal "w»y
.-2: SUtlons «>r9.00A
15.30? San Jose »nd Principal Way Station. t3.00 a
tS.16? 6anMateo,Beresfora,Belmont.San
Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaks,
MealoPark. Palo Alto 19-45?
6.30? Ban Jose and Way Station*. 8.36a
74)0? Sunset Limited. Eastbocnd.— Saa
Luis Oblspo, Sanu Barbara, Lot
Angeles, Demlng. El Paso. New
Orleans, New York. (Westbound
arrtTesviaSHnJosqninValley)... u<6.23v
1. 00? Palo Alto and Way Stations - 1015*
11 .30? South Saa Francisco. MUlbrae,'
BurllBgame, Saa Mateo, Bel-
' mont, Saa Carlos, -Redwood, ,«,.,
Fair Oaks. Menlo Park. PaJo ¦ ISjfi
Alto, Mayfleld, Mountain View, ?»•*«?
SunayTaie, Lawrence, Sanu
Clara and Saa Jose J >
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
X Saturday and Sunday only. j Sunday only.
I Stops at all stations on Sunday,
t Sunday ezcepted. a Saturday only.
« Via Coast Line. trVla San. Joaquln Valley.
wArme Tla Nlles. f Tuesday and Friday.
Of-Only trains stopping at Valencia St. tonthbooni
areS:10A.x.. 17:00a j(^ll:COxji.,2:SO?jf.aad8:SO?.x
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Ha Siututo fsrry Arriva /
StaPraH. H* *( lUriat 3t. San Kraa
Weekf Sw " "Smv j Wt&
P*^ '"y* days Dtyy
l l i* r ,V™ A \S^^»S' ia:»«?a3oii
ftilSr IO:OOa W«9^S*k/. 3:30p 3:5O»
J m..i 1 t '* 5 n * 81*00^ T*~"
fcsnrtmyi ear/. Haw Ttnn V 9iSOr.srrrrs»J. Il75o»
. QirUM ( and Saitsauto Fkxxv Foot Majke* Sl
WnDr Call $1.00 ifii'YeM
BAJLWAY TRAVEL*
TO SAN RAFAEL
SANQUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
.-via Sausalito Ferry
~WEEK~ DAYS— (Holidays exc«pted>— « : 45,
+.!•« 8%5 0!45. 11 a. m., 12:20, '1:4s. 8:15,
Rof 15:15? '•6:15. 6:45 9 11:45 p. m.
7:45 a. m. train week days does net run to
M SUtfDAYS ANd LEGAL HOMTjAYS— T,
t8 t«9 t-10.11. tU:30 a. m.. U2:30 fl:3O.
2 -'» *i -50 5, . 6, h :30. 9, 11 :45 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln. Thoss
marked (t) to Fairfax, except 0:15 p. nj. Sat-
urdays "on Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train
'"fROM^AN^'aFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
Week- day's— 5:25. J6:25. 7:40, 8:15. t»:3a.
HTo5 a. m.. 12:30. 2:20. *3: 45, 4:50. 5:30. «:43,
1O sirNDAYS— «:15. 7:35, tS:10. 9:40, ilO:65,
?1W5 a* mV 12:60. 2:30. *$:25. 4:40. -JS^
u-B5^ T:35. 10:20 p. /in. -
'Trains marked (t> ¦tart from San Quenthj.
FJW)M MILL -V ALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Week days— 5:45. 6:40. 7:45. 8:25.
lT:10 a. m.,12:40. 2:45. 4:15. S:1O. 7:05.
1O st?NDAYS— «:33, 7:55, 10. 11:10 a. m.. 13:05.
1 05 2:40, 3:45y 4:55. 6:05. 7:10. 10:40 p/oT^
1:00. *.-*>. THROUGH TRAINS. ,
7:45 a^ xn.; week days— Caradero and way
* 6:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m.. Saturdays — Cazadero umd way
Sundays and Leeal Holidays— 6 ¦• m.. Caza-
dero . and 4»ray stations. -
• • 1 Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. m p o i nt
Reyes and way stations. .
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market st.'
FERRY— Foot of Market st.
APVEBTI3EMENTS. ¦ t . ¦ ¦ ...
ABSOLUTFSEdURITY
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PIILS mnst bear
Fac-simile Signaturejjf /£a^z£^s£
j ¦ j .. .« _^
jS^ml SICK HEADACHE. | XC; \ff [&" O
JfigS^Un TORPID LIVER. UM W B« S^
//mS \1 I FURREO TONGUE. |p|;| «^n H H (f*
MM X& INDIGESTION. |; H OB L,IT^JP
rW LJ CONSTIPATION. J| yj B mTJatj^S
SALLOW SKIN. ¦8™i™ 1 «B |i l^™--^
am fffssas* 8mallPlll.
I I \# F-" Ft 8mall Dos*? '
They TOUCH the Lo I V En Small Prlc*
Genuin* Wrapper Printed on V;'l —yr^ **
RED PAPER BLACK LETTERS S&Z£*^rcZ/s>zrz/
Look fo* th» 61<natur» £j *'sC**'^ *C
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BUY *~
BREWSTER'S
MILLIONS
==YOUIU=
DEALER'S
TO-DAYST. ROSE'S CHURCH WILL
CELEBRATE ANNIVERSARY
Silver Jubilee Will Be Solemnized by
Young Priests Brought Up
in the Parish.
The silver Jubilee of St. Rose's Church
will be celebrated on Sunday morning at
11 o'clock. At the same time the patronal
feast of. the parish will be observed with
great pomp and solemnity.
The parishioners are unsparing in their
efforts to make it an unique event in the
history of the parish. All the officers of
the mass will be young priests of the dio
cese, former altar boys -of the parish who
grew up and became priests under the
care and solicitude of Father Denis Nu
gent. The celebrant of the mass will be
Father James Moran of Holy Redeemer
parish; the deacon Father P. T. Callopy
of St. Patrick's; the sub-deacon Father
Joseph McAullffe of St. Brigld's. Rev.
William Deeney, S. J., will act as master
of ceremonies. The sermon will be
preached by Father McAullffe.
In the evening solemn vespers will be
sung by the regular choir. Father Cal
lopy will preach Immediately after ves
pers and solemn benediction will close the
celebration.
.The music at both services will be a
special feature of the celebration. It will
be under the direction of Miss Nugent,
\he organist of the church. The regular
choir will render Mozart's Twelfth Mass
wiCh full orchestral accompaniment.
DENVER. Colo.. Aug. 28. — Twenty-one in
dictments against City and County Clerk
Alchele were reported by the Grand Jury to
the Criminal Court this afternoon. The princi
pal charges relate to the destruction of public
records and an alleged shortage of $6000 in the
County Clerk-s office.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 2S. — Thomas J. Maxey, one
of the prominent pioneer farmers of this val
ley, died to-day at his residence In Berryessa,
aged 75 years. He was a native of Virginia.
BILLINGS. Mont.. AC 2S.— \VhI?e Mrs.
James Boyce of Fulton. Or., was cookins
on a stove In the tourist «rar of the
Burlington train near Laurel tc*la morn
ing, the stove exploded and fatalTy burned
her three-year-old girl who stood by. The
flames Ignited the roof of the car. but
was extinguished by the crew.
Burned to Death in Tourist '"Car.
Gas ranges with two ovens set up In
your home ready for use only $19. San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company. •
Falls Into Channel and Is Drowned.
STOCKTON, Aug. 23.— The body of a
man who was drowned in Stockton Chan
nel this rndfning.V haying fallen into the
water while Intoxicated, was identified
this afternoon as that of James Burns,
who arrived from Denver, Colo., a few
days ago. Nothing IS known of him here.
Hears Protests of Counties.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 16.— The State
Board of Equalization to-day listened to
representatives of Santa Cruz, San Benito,
Santa Clara and San Mateo counties, who
gave their reasons why the assessment
of their respective counties should not be
increased... x <-. ~" "
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 28.-Major Frank
C. Prescott of San Bernardino has been
commissioned brigadier general of the
First Brigade of the National Guard of
California, vice Brigadier General C. P.
A. Last, retired upon his own request.
Lieutenant Colonel W. O. Welch, assist
ant adjutant general of the First Brigade,
has been placed upon the retired list.
Commander Randolph H. Miner, ald-de
camp on the staff of Governor Pardee,
has resigned.
Succeeds Brigadier General Last.
EDUCATION RULES.
Against this movement neither military
equipment nor immigration laws will In the
long run be of any avail. In view of this state
of things civilization, as represented .by the
Anglo-Paxon nations. Is pursuing a policy of
aggressive defense. Under the tutelage of
these nations, whether expressed through
schools or the institutions of Industry, the bar
barian Is led to lay aMde his barbarism and
become an ally of ctvlllzed society. The rule
of these nations Is an educational process. On
whatever point the Instruction bears, whether
on any of the numberless arts of peace or even
on the art of war, the result Is essentially the
same — the persons affected are brought nearer
the standards of civilization. The process of
education directed to any end recognized In an
enlightened state Imposes a sense of social obli
gation and responsibility which transforms the
barbarian and puts him on the side of civili
zation.
In a great nation culture has n certain mo
mentum that Is wanting where a people Is
broken up into a large number of petty inde
pendent States. When, therefore, the inhabi
tants of a small State or an Isolated region
are drawn into close union with a great na
tion, they are bound to be affected by tha cur
rent of that nation's life, and to be carried on
toward a higher phase of civilization by the
momentum of its culture. By this process of
education th» Aryan race now dominant In the
world is relieving the helplessness of the stag
nant races and preparing for the perpetuity of
civilization by the abolition of barbarism.
The meeting was also the occasion for
the leave taking of Professor Kendric C.
Babcock, professor of history, who was
recently elected to the presidency of the
University of Arizona. Professor Bab
cock paid tributes to former President
Martin Kellogg and President Wheeler
and the university that he said had ma
terially assisted in his education.
basing their security now on their superior com
mand of the force of destruction. But the
threatening barbarians may be already within
the limits of the field claimed for civilization,
or a barbarian Invasion may be peaceful, con
tinuing through many decades and leaving, in
the end, the society Invaded composed of new
elements and animated by strange purposes.
Against an uprising of internal barbarism
or an invasion like this a powerful military or
ganization furnishes no defense. The ques
tion of the power of barbarism to overwhelm
civilization is more than a Question of idle
speculation. The recent legislation by several
nations of Aryan stock against the Invasion of
the Chinese, the loud demand for restriction
on immigration from other nations and the
tising tide of Internal barbarism In certain
countries Indicate that the question is emi
nently practical. The consideration that has
moved legislators to provide for the exclusion
of unwelcome elements Is not the fear that
there will be more laborers than will be needed
to perform the work required in the countries
In question, but that the unrestrained cunning
of members of alien races will break down the
existing btandards of living and substitute bar
barism for civilization.
The force of the desire to migrate Is des
tined to increase with the increasing contact of
nations and the development of the facilities
for movement. Awaken the lower races from
their passive condition. Infect them with the
fever of progress and they will find their ter
ritory too narrow for their expanded desires.
Japan, scarcely half a century out of her
stagnant medlaeva'.ism. feels already the In
fluence to move and to seek a broader field for
her stimulated national spirit. Sooner or later
the other nations of the Orient will be aroused
to progressive activity/ The noise of Western
steamships In their harbors, the roar of rail
road trains across their fields and the rattle of
Western industry in their cities will render the
continuance of their long slaep impossible, and
they will learn that facilities for traveling
have made the territory of every nation con
tiguous to that of every other nation.
The education of the less advanced racea
under Influences proceeding from Western na
tions la Important in that It enlarge* the area
of popular progress - and contributes to the
preservation of the higher forms of civilization.
It is almost Inevitable that we should believe
In the permanence of our Institutions. Each
age regards Itself exempt from the forces that
have ruined the cultivation of preceding ages.
Yet In eplte of this belief, whenever a society
has fallen. It has succumbed to forces that
ruined Its predecessors. It has succumbed to
barbarism, either the barbarism of the.in
vading stranger or barbarism generated within
by governmental oppression or neglect. Against
invading barbarians civilized nations are
MENACE OF BARBARISM.
If on? is so thoroughly and uncompromisingly
a radical as to be irritated by the opposition
to secular education which the church has
sometimes expressed, he In hardly in a posi
tion to deal rationally with any social ques
tion. He fails to appreciate the compelling
force of a great tradition. He apparently ex
pects progress to be achieved by a series of
social miracles. This is not the method by
which society is moved from one stage to an
other. In general old traditions and old opin
ions are only gradually worn away and sup
planted by new opinions and new ambitions.
The rhurch. the oldest, the stablest, the most
consistent of European institutions, has a his
tory which no generation can ignore, and It
would not be true to Its past and Its tradi
tional opinions If it did not proclaim Its belief
in the superiority , of the Instruction which It
provides to any that may be offered by secular
authority. But an opinion, even an old opin
ion, does not establish a fact. . The church In
the Philippine Islands has accomplished a
great undertaking in turning the people from
barbarlEm toward civilization, and It has still
before It a task sufficiently Important to en
gage all Its force without departlnr from Its
legitimate field. Between thia field and the
proper realm of state action the founders of th«
Government of the United States have fixed
a line of demarkation in separating the state
frcm the church.
In view of the ambitions and hereditary pur
poses cf the church there was no reasonable
ground to expect that It would co-operate un
conditionally with the Government In the work
of secularizing instruction. For centuries the
church h;;s been the dominant factor in the
affairs of the Islands. It had aimed, with a
lofty cufDOBe. to educate end convert the in
habitants and to bring them into loyal and
devoted submission to its authority. Its long
service In the campaign against barbarism
had made It profoundly conscious of Its great
misflon. and It was morally impossible for it
suddenly to transfer i«& sympathies and sup
port from ecclesiastical to secular instruct Icn.
The establishment of a eystem of secular
public instruction in the Phlltpplne Islands,
where previously all instruction had been di
rected by etclesiastlcal authority, was a very
conspicuous experiment. Many factors in the
problem could not be determined beforehand.
It could not be known in advance whether it
would b» possible or not to secure an ade
quate number of teachers of the quality re
quired to carry thr undertaking to a mjecess
tul issue. In was recoffnized that we had to
do with Dersons whose only conception of a
¦schooi was that it was a subordinate adjunct
to the church and It was uncertain what would
be their attitude toward the new system. It
could not. moreover, be known in advance to
what extent the authority of the church would
be effective In preventing children from attend
ing secular schools.
ATTITUDE OF CHURCH.
It is not to be denied that in establishing
n«w conditions for the Filipinos much has been
done that is essentially experimental in char
acter. This fact, however, does not Involve a
condemnation. When viewed In the proper
light the art of government appears to con
sist \-ery largely of experiments. Every law
that Is passed Is framed to meet conditions
(subsequent to the time of Its passage, and,
consequently, these conditions cannot be fully
known at th? time the law is made. Further
more, the factors of practical problems hi dif
ferent period* or in different countries in the
same period are always more or less unlike.
It follow*, therefore, that every legislative act
is more or less of an experiment. Where we
have to do with the Imperfectly known psy
chological factors of n. strange race our acts
have in a larger measure than elsewhere an
experimental character.
The Filipinos are Christians, and a» Christ
ians their view of Die position ot women in
society ts net treatly different from the view
entertained by other Christian peoples. It is
essentially the eame view as that entertained
by the more conservative Western nation.-.,
| who deem it quite proper that girls should be
' taupht by women rather tha.n by men. In es
j tabllshing the new eystem of Instruction good
policy and a decent regard for the ideas and
prejudice* of the Filipino pecple demanded
that the sirls. at least in the larger towns,
ehould have an oooortunity to be tauKbt by
women. If. In making provision to this end. It
to happened that a certain number of boys
feil under the instruction of women the In
convenience was not serious. In fact, there
was no inconvenience at all. It is a very good
thing for the youthful Filipino to l?arn early
that In civilization woman hao a place of au
thority. It was. therefore, not a mistake to
employ a certain number of American women
us teacher* In the Philippine*. They per
formed an important function as Instructors
of children ajid at the same time they set a
standard of efficiency for the native women
teachers with whom they were associated.
With rare exceptions they were women of good
attainments, of high character and of nobl<5
purposes, and the Hervice they have rendered
and are etill rendering merits the most cordial
commendation.
WOMEN ARE WELCOMED.
who supported the project to employ women as
teachers in the Orient. The mockery of the
unbelieving is apparently based on the as
sumption that the social character of one part
of the Far East Is lik» that o: every oth«>r
part. In countries where woman has no social
position and where heaven Is conceived to be
open to her or.ly when vouched for by man It
would probably not be expedient to srnd Ameri
can women a* teachers without some prelimin
ary work In preparing the way. But In th*
Philippine Islands the way has been prepared
by the Spanish missionaries and the domina
tion of the church.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 2S— In the coyote
scalp case of Charles Blckerdlke against
the State, which was decided in plaintiff's
favor, the Attorney General has filed no
tice that the State will appeal to the Su
preme Court from the judgment rendered
by Judge Hughes of this county and en
tered on July 3 last.
State Will Appeal Coyote Scalp Case.
BUTTE, Mont., Aug. 28.— A Miner spe
cial from Choteau. Mont., s ys that Ralph
Pulitzer was arralgned..;.*.here this after
noon on 'the charge of having killed a
mountain sheep out of season as pre
scribed by the Montana statutes, the
charge having been preferred by the Dep
uty Gam© Warden— Pvi'tzer waived ex
amination and was oounii over tOjthe Dis
trict Court for trial, whlw convAes Sep
tember 7.
Young Pulitzer in Ct&rt.
FORMER PHILIPPINE COMMISSIONER AND PROFESSOR OF HISTORY
IN THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, WHO DECLARES THAT
NATIVES OF ISLANDS MUST BE EDUCATED AT ANY COST.
In addition to this there is society and club
gossip, able reviews of things dramatic, lite
rary and financial, fine editorials and the
brightest, snappiest comments printed In the
West. •
The San Francisco News Letter continues its
operation upon Dr. 'Wlnslow Anderson of the
College of Physicians acd Surgeons and is noc
using anaesthetics. To-day's number scores
the college In unmeasured terras.
The News Letter always has good fiction,
and this week it has a clever little story by
Barry Pain. Its verse is most carefully se
lected and Is a very attractive feature of the
paper.
There is a little story about a new society
fad that will set people guessing.
Ben C. Truman contributes another of his
Wawona letters. Junlus' comments on politics
are entertaining and are from the inside.
To-Day's News Letter.'
Accepts Offer Made by RoDert Grau,
Though Details Are Not
Yet Arranged.
NEW YORK. Aug. 2S.— The Cunard
steamer Lucania arrived at quarantine at
5:43 this afternoon after a ver%" fast pas
sage of five days, eieven hours and seven
minutes, over a total distance of S7S2 knot-;
at an average speed of 21.23 knots per
hour. ©
She brought 352 salon, 293 second cabin
and 610 steerage passeng*ra. * »
Robert Grau, just as* he boarded the
Lucania for New York, received an ac
ceptance of* his offer from Mary >ndersoh
Navarro to give one hundred readings In
America under his management in W01
1905. The terms are not yet known, as
all the details have not been arranged.
MARY ANDERSON TO GIVE
READINGS IN AMERICA
Army orders— Leave of absence granted
Second Lieutenant William M. Graham
Jr., Twelfth Cavalry, Department of Cali
fornia, extended one month. Lieutenant
Colonel Thomas C. Woodbury, transferred
from the Seventh to the Thirteenth In
fantry, will report to commanding gen
eral. Department of California, for assign
ment to station.
Fourth-class postmaster appointed: Cal
ifornia—John F. Goodrum. Beegufn, Te
hama County, vice John D. Graves, re
signed.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 28.— Postmaster
commissioned: California— Frank Pfitzer,
Volta.
and Army Orders Affecting
This Department Issued.
Several New Postmasters Appointed
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Mrs. Kate Lewis Smith, the petitioner
in the guardianship proceedings, came
here with Mrs. Hutton from San Fran
cisco. Attorney Brown declares he does
not know who she is further than that
she resides in San Francisco and is the
wife of a late Colonel Smith. He says
Mrs. Hutton brought Mrs. Smith to his
office and reauested that the guardian
ship proceedings be commenced.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 28.— Another move was
made in the Hutton divorce suit to-day
which tends to show that the San Fran
cisco Police Commissioner and his wife
have become reconciled. The develop
ments canie out op the hearing of a pe
tition in Judge Hyland's court to have
a guardian appointed for Mrs. Inez S.
Hutton. Police Commissioner Hutton was
present in court, as was also Attorney
Brown for Mrs. Smith, the petitioner.
Mrs. Hutton was not present, and Attor
ney Brown said he did not know where
she was. He asked for a continuance in
order that he might locate her. Hutton
objected, and asked that the guardianship
matter be dismissed. He claimed that
he held the power of attorney from his
wife to have the petition for guardianship
and also the divorce suit recently brought
by her dismissed. Hutton declared he
did not know where his wife was and
refused to aid in locating her.
Judge Hyland said the proceedings were
rather mysterious. "Here is a man,"
said he, "who Is being sued for divorce
by his wife and asking to have her de
clared mentally incompetent coming into
court and claiming power of attorney and
asking that the actions commenced by
her be dismissed."
He then ordered that a citation be is
sued for Mrs. Hutton to appear in court.
After the court adjourned Hutton filed
documents which give him power of at
torney to dismiss the guardianship mat
ter, and also the dismissal of Attorney
Delmas as attorney In the divorce suit.
The papers are signed by Mrs. Hutton.
A motion for the dismissal of the divorce
suit was also filed.
Mrs. Hutton. who had been at the Gar
den City Sanitarium in East San Jose,
left the city last Monday. It. Is said that
she has left the" State and will be absent
for at least a year.
Special DlBpatch to The Call.'
WASHINGTON, Aug. 28.-The published
statement that Secretary Shaw bad de
cided that under existing laws he was
authorized to segregate Government re
ceipts from Internal revenue sources and
deposit the same at his discretion in
national bank depositories does not raise
a new question, although such deposits
as have been made heretofore had not been
previously covered Into the treasury. As
early as 1878, the courts of the United
States held in effect that the national de
positories are part of the treasury of the
United States, so far as their authority to
hold public deposits is concerned.
The secretary, so far as can be learned,
has not determined the deposit of any
further funds with the national bank:--.
but has decided It is well within his pro
vince to make such deposits and with a
view to meeting any possible money con
tingency hereafter he has segregated the
Internal revenue receipts from other re
ceipts and has opened a separate account
in the treasury ledgers, so that in case
of need he may know just what amounts
are available for this purpose.
' . The cannery men saw an absolute fail
ing of the run facing them four years
from now. They, therefore, wired ¦ to the
Government asking for the declaring of
a closed season for the next fortnight.
For that time neither fishing nor can
ning should be done and the fish were to
be given a chance of getting up-river, but
the Government declined to act, because,
so it Is alleged, fishermen whose votes ar^
wanted by the Government would lose
that two weeks^ fishing. All Canadian
canners, however, are now refusing to
buy fish, and to-night large sales are be
ing made from Canadian, waters to can
neries on the American side.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Aug. 28.— "It Is
time we were annexed to the United
States if we ever expect to get laws that
will fill the needs of the salmon-packing
industry." This statement was made this
afternoon by George I. Wilson, the larg
est cannery owner and business head of
the Fraztr River Packers' Association,
which owns fifty canneries and Kas'sev^
eral million dollars invested on the Fraser
River.
"The entire industry is in danger of ob
literation," he continued. "We have asked
the Government to move In the matter,
but nothing- has been done. The Govern
ment cf the United States appears to be
wise enough to conserve its fishing inter
ests."
The case complained -.of is- this: The
salmon- run thia season on the Fraser
River and Puget Sound has been very
poor. Less than one-sixth of an ordinary
pack has been available. Salmon which
go up the river at this time of the year to
the spawning grounds produce eggs which
mature into full-grown salmon and come
back to the river in the fourth year from
now. James P. Babcock, Fisheries In
spector, formerly of California, astounded
the cannery managers yesterday with the
news that not q. single salmon this year
had- reached the spawning grounds up
river, for all had been caught at the
mouth of the river.
WASHINGTON, AujT. 28.— It was said
to-day at the State Department that Min
ister Conger had been Instructed that he
should not be a consenting party to the
surrender of the six Chinese subjects who
were arrested by the authorities of the
foreign settlement In Shanghai in July
last and put on trial on a charge of
sedition before the mixed court of the set
tlement and whom the consular body of
Shanghai refused to surrender on the
demand of the Chinese Government for
punishment according to Chinese custom.
Minister Conger was instructed that he
should take the ground that the judicial
procedure which was adopted under a
formal agreement with the Tao Tal of
Shanghai phould be carried out, with ap
propriate punishment in the settlement In
case of conviction. This Government, it
was stated to-day, has never departed
from Its original position In the matter
and never has had any intention of giv
ing up these men.
In Case of Money Contingency
He Will Place Them in
the Banks.
Canadian Canners Say That
Annexation Would Afford
Them Relief.
United States Holds to Its
First Position Regarding
Accused Chinese.
Judge Hyland Denies Motion
to Dismiss Divorce Pro
ceedings.
Internal Revenue. Re
ceipts Are Being
Segregated.
Wife of Police Commis
sioner Remains Away
. From Court.
Complain That Industry
Is Not Protected by
Government.
Instructed Not to Agree
to Surrender of Con
victed Men.
The most important educational work tinder
taken by the Government of the Philippines
in that designed to provide for the Filipinos
>n opportunity to Icam the English language
»nd to furnish well equipped Filipino teachers
O.r the primary schools. The knowledge of
language which it is propose*! to convey in a
purely practical knowledge with a distinctively
Practical purpose. By translating a few text
books Into the several dialects, primary in
struction mlrht have been given In the*e <jla
lects but It mould always have, remained
<j<je«ianabl«. whether ability to read a lan
cuage that has no literature is worth the trou
ble of learning to read. It was clearly seen
thsi a knowledge of no one of the Filipino dl%
lects would satisfy the practical needs of the
people.
T.» furnish Instruction In English became,
therefore, a conspicuous feature of the edu
cational policy of the Philippine Government:
and It was provided that this Instruction should
!w> given in the regularly organized day
whools. not only to the pupils but al»o to the
teachere; and it was etlll further extended by
«. system of night schools for adults. Th*
¦jfflcers of the local government, clerks in
• usiness houi«e« and Filipino tearhers attended
tie night schools in great numbers: and the.
Powerful Impression made by these schools
w« not due solely to the skill displayed in
th» teaching, but also In large part to the r»-al
«ni aptitude of the pupils. In view of what
has already been achieved, the task of giving
the educated part of the people the practical
use of a new language appears now much less
diffcult than at Am. It Is not a Utopian
undertaking. It is as practicable as teach
ing i community the ute of new tools.'
So»j e very good and very wise men hax'e had
<T«.vt doubta aa to the aanlty of those persons
INSTRUCTION IN LANGUAGE.
Industrial education In the Philippines en
counters two embarrassment*. The first of
tteaa is the lack of desire to engage in In
dustry; rnort of the young men who are abl»
to rise above the position of a house servant
rr a coachman preferring to be messenger* or
clerks under the Government, or to seek their
fortunes • in the profes«ions. ' The second em
barrassment is found in t».« difficulty of ren
dering efficient instruction In th? industries
in non-Industrial communities, it is true that
*r>me knowledge of industrial processes may be
conveyed by lnFtru^tlon in schools, provided
the people to whom the instruction is given is
already domlnflte/l by the industrial spirit: but
if this spirit does not prevail the schools are
rowcrlPFs through lack of interested pupils
Hitherto the industrial spirit has not been de
veloped among the Filipinos and industrial
schools ar* not likely to be of much Im
portance, until society shall have acquired a
mor«» decidedly Industrial character. There Is
nothing In the Filipino's history nor in hi*
present attitude to indicate that his unaided
efforts during the next fifty years win bring
cbout any very remarkable change in his at
titude toward industry, or that without the
influence of the practical examples of mod
ern industrial life, he will, to any considerable
rxtenU modify his purposes and ambitions
« ith respect to the conduct of economi-- af
fairs. Like ell other people in the lower
grades of civilization, "he Is bound by powerful
conservative instinct* to the social forms and
occupations of his past; and his past has very
little to reveal In the field of art or indus
try.
His history when viewed from the side of
art and industry and compared with the his
tory of Japan or China is a barren waste.
But nothing would do more to change his at
titude and to develop in him the ambitions
which lie at the foundations of Industrial bo-
Hety than to see Industry growing up around
him and its interest becoming the dominant
interests within his view. Such a transforma
tion can be brought about only by the Intro
duction of new skill and new Industrial power
from a foreign source. The laborers Intro
duced may b» employed in building ships,
making railroads and highways and doing all
the heavier work required to reveal and utilize
the wealth of a virgin country. The doing
of this heavier work would greatly increase
the demand for such labor as the Filipino's
strength and talent enable him to furnish, and
fcy this means his economic position would be
materially Improved. Under conditions like
Thejse the Filipinos might acquire the Indus
trial spirit, and be induced to accept the in
xtructlon and Incentives to Industry that would
Iff all around them.
DIFFICULTIES PRESENTED
This exclusive and persistent contemplation
of a sincle subject, and that on«? within the
realm of unrealities, necessarily limits the in
tellectual horizon and makes the mind In
hcspltable. These who go out from this school
so forth with no more practical knowledge
thtn they had when they entered It. They
have become specialists In relleion. Th^lr
•raining t«?nds to keep alive the fires of fana.t
ii-ipm and to preserve the religlou« tradition,
but it does not tend to develop power in prac
tical affairs. Mohammedan Instruction touches
life at only one point. \ few men from Eng
land and France, trained in institutions or
ganized to reach the various interests of so
ciety, have done more to regen-rate Egypt
tjian nil those m - ho have Bone out from her
urrversity in the last. 100 years.
The men of the East can scln as fine a
v eb of philosophy as the n:en of tho V.'est.
but thrlr weakness appears In the presence
at practical problems; and this weakness is
lxrcely the result of defective training. It
cannot be reasonably expected that men trained
under a system like that of the Mohammedan
rchoGll will have either interest or knowledge
in practical affairs. And wherever, as was
the case -In the Philippine Inlands under the
Kranish rrginie. education is directed and con
filled by the church it is inevitable that
There shouM be _a tendency to lay more stress
nn the spiritual than on the material Interests
of scw-Sety. Instruction in the Ph!li;>pin«!= un
fkr the Spanish had the Fane kin! cf defects
n* in other Oriental countries, although in a
leva marked degree: and there «-xi<ts there
still somewhat of the difficulty that exists
elsewhere in the Orient of bringing the people
to re<-ocnize the value of the n-.w form of
training and education and to mc'ify their
Vahituil mental processes S o that they may
be able advantageously tr> receive it.
SYSTEM OF WRONG.
BERKELEY, Jlu*. 2S.-Professor
Bernard Mores, the former Philip
pine Commissioner and professor
of history a.t the University of
California, believes that If trar
and rebellion are the price of education
In the Philippines we must Insist on foot
ing: the bill. Thrre is no retreat, no al
ternative, he sars, and an enlightened
policy must prevail, the Filipinos must be
educated in the arts and practices of civ
ilization no matter what the cost.
Professor Moses e&ve expression to his
opinions at the university meeting In
Harmon gyxr.naslum, which was under
stood to be a formal welcome to him upon
his return to the university after three
years' absence. His subject was "The
Education of the Stranger." After de
scribing the policy of the Dutch to Java,
which aims to keep the native In sub
jection through Ignorance. Processor
Moses contrasted it with that of the pol
icy of the Americans In the Philippines.
He said In part:
In" tho Philippine* » widely different plan
ra« be«i entertained. VaAtr thi. plan It la
ProotTd "rSrnlrt «uch facilities to the
ftUxflBM that Jack of opportunity to acquire
tkTi.Qul.lt* training- sh«Jl never be « .barrier
to th^lr obtaining ar.y position to which they
zr.ay legitimately aspire.
bound by principle.
This policy naturallr awakens in the minds
of our Dutch many doubts as to Us wisdom.
The Dutch are disposed to estimate the virtues
of 'their Oriental dependent* according to th«
humility and rubmlMlveness displayed, and to
regard with many mleylvlnsB th« discontent
end the seme of personal Independence de
veloped by education. They are. moreover,
jersuaded that a large knowledge will breed
rebellion and war. Our position In thi* mat
ter is. however. *uch the! if education brings
rebellion and war we are obliged to Insist on
education. We have no alternative. As Amer
icans w* are committed by our form of gov
ernment and by the traditional purposes of
our society to eland for •ducation, not only
her* between the ehores of the Atlantic and
the Pacific, but on every ehor» that lies under
the authority of thi. nation. If war comes
hj> a consequence of education we are obliged
to accept It. and. by the grace of God and
the devotion of the army, to ma*o th« best
cf It. Even war Is better than peace that
can be maintained enly by Ignorance.
The principle which It is expected will con
tinue to be carried out In the Philippine Ifl
sneis is the same principle that should con
trol th« educational rxjlicy here and every
where. It 1b that the systematic Instruction
of the school should touch the life of society
at all possible points. The most complete
currying out cf this principle is found In the
educational systems of those natlcns who6«
schools of the various grades deal with all
the departments of knowledge needed to further
the material as well as the Intellectual pro
gress of society. The other extreme, where
instruction touches society at only one or a
few points. In found in the Oriental school.
A few months ago I visited in Cairo the
r«>ntral university of the Mohammedan world.
The floors of Its immense halls were covered
with matting and en this wero seated, singly
or in iittle groups, thousands of students.
From the youngest to the oldest they were
all committing to memory and repeating pas
sages from their common text book — the Koran.
For them the utterances of the prophet con
stituted their s<">le subject of contemplation.
Sometime* in an apparent ecstasy, sometimes
in drowsy Indifference, their bodies swaying
Tackward and forward, or from side to side,
they repeat hour after hour the Koran's state
ments of Mohammedan theology and morals.
SALMON PACKERS
FEEL AGGRIEVED
MINISTER CONGER
NOT TO CONSENT
COURT DECISION
UPHOLDS SHAW
CITATION ISSUES
FOR MRS. HUTTON
EDUCATION OF PEOPLE OF PHILIPPINES
IS AMERICA'S PARAMOUNT OBLIGATION
Professor Bernard Moses Says That the Extension
of Public School System in the Islands Must
Be Continued at Whatever Cost It May Entail
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 29, 1903.
5
j
§ ' From the n '
is • - •?
| Absolutely and Perfectly Cured
I of Their Thirst for Alcohol by
• ¦ > ¦ ~ ¦; 2 r *
S '¦ ' - '
• " — _ ' ¦ ' ¦ ¦
8 ill/ I I iVlrK ANNA S
| Only Infallible Cure
I for the Drink Habit
| Do not expose yourself to the dangers of al-
| leged cures, 1 which are worthless and perilous.
| The McKanna treatment cures to stay cured; ad-
| ministered only by its discoverer.
I DR. J. sJ. TVioKIANNA
9 AHHrP'QQ /\11 7V\p)11 *
a . J 1WIM1 v^0O A mil / T IC4II •
8 XA- Geary Street, San Francisco, Cal.
2 £ Telephone main 1O37. ,
I ELEGANT ACCOMMODATIONS FOR WOMEN PATIENTS, With Competent Attendants
• . ; > ¦/ :¦¦ . ..¦¦¦•-'¦.,-¦ •¦¦¦¦• * ';
9(3 ; ; :_ — ¦ ¦ • • ¦¦— — — : ;Abbott's Estate Appraised.
The estate of the late Charles L. Ab
bott was appraised yesterday at 151.666 S9.
It consists, according to* the appraisers*
report, of (18,231 99 cash, stocks and bonds
worth $2415 and realty In this city esti
mated to bo worth $31,000.
City Attorney Lane advised the Board
of Public "Works yesterday that it has
control over Point Lobos avenue for all
street Improvement purposes and there
fore It can compel the building .of side
walks along the thoroughfare. While; the
avenue was under the exclusive control
of the Park Commission before the char
ter went Into effect It Is now under the
supervision of/ the Board of Works since
the adoption of the charter.
Status of Point Lobos Avenue.
Sir Thomas Lipton is a hero. There is much to
admire in a man who knowingly attempts the impos
sible and ends his effort only with a gracious ac
knowledgment of defeat. It would be unfair to ask
him to try again, for there would be no glory in an
other victory for us and nothing above the expected
in another defeat for him.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 2S.— State Printer W.
W. Shannon reports that the actual cost of
printing per book of th» new history for an
edition of 8000 will be 31 cents. This together
with the SO cents royalty for the us« of the
plates and text will make toe book ccst 81
cents.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles. 50c a pound, in artistic flre
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St., above Call bldg. •
bill and the King's visit that it seems quite
likny we are to have what will be virtually a new
Ireland— one as notable for prosperity and good
humor as the old has been for adversity and discon
tent. It is not the land bill alone that is to do the
work of redemption, for it seems that now that
good fortune has turned toward them the Irish are
going to have it in about every way that it can
come to a people.
In the first place there has been so much satisfac
tion among the English over the reception given by
the Irish to King Edward that many of the more
influential papers of London are urging the King
to establish a residence in Ireland and visit the
country at least once a year, as he does Scotland.
It is argued that a royal residence in Ireland would
be an inducement to men of wealth to establish
country homes there, and the result would be benefi
cial in many ways, as the social gayety surrounding
the court would break the monotony of Irish life,
lessen the discontent of the people and lead to the
expenditure m Ireland of a great deal of money that
would stimulate nearly all lines of local trade.
Another movement of note is that of the proposed
establishment of a strong naval port and base of
supplies on the south coast of Ireland. A military
authority says: "A glance at the map will show that
the western capes of Ireland, thrust out, as it were,
into the Atlantic, lie in a strategic position of great
importance in the event of a war with a first-class
European power. Were Great Britain at war with
a foe having a formidable navy it would be to some
point along the Irish coast that vessels laden with
grain from Canada or the United States would make,
whether under convoy or otherwise, before proceed
ing to their destination on the south and east coasts
of England." The establishment and maintenance
of such a port will be a direct benefit to the locality
selected and indirectly of advantage to the island as
a whole.
The most important prediction of a new Ireland
comes, however, from a representative not of courts
nor of armies, but of commerce. Mr. C. C. Shayne,
president of the Merchants' and Manufacturers'
Board of Trade of New. York, in a recent interview
has declared a conviction that Ireland is to be the
future great commercial distributing ground of the
international trade between America and Europe. As
the military authorities see in Ireland a strategic
point of advantage in war, so he sees in it a strategic
point of advantage in commerce, and predicts that
in a comparatively short time there will be built up
on the coast of Ireland a commercial port of first
class importance.
In explaining the reasons for his prediction Mr.
Shayne said: "We are nearing the era of steamships
with a tonnage of 40,000. The new vessels of the
Cunard line — to be the largest on the ocean — will
have a length of 765 feet, with a tonnage of 3S,ooo,
and I predict that the ships which the German and
the White Star lines may be expected to build to sur
pass them will reach the tonnage I have named. For
«uch vessels to go to Liverpool will be impossible,
both on account of their great draught and because
of the many orecautions that their vast size wouM
DISCUSSIONS concerning the prospects of
Ireland arc so encouraging since the land
IRELAND'S PROSPECTS.
In the matter of the petition of the
Crescent City Transportation Company as
owner of the steamer Crescent C!ty for
limitation of liability. United States Dis
trict Judge de Haven yesterday appointed
United States Commissioner George E.
Morse appraiser to ascertain and report
upon the value of the steamer and freight
pending and the company's Interest ia
the same.
Crescent City's Liability.
An infatuation for Princess Chamay, racehorse
gambling, speculation in Alabama ranch lands and
plunging at Monte Carlo are held responsible for the
recent death of a Count ir this city. The deceased
gentleman seems to have possessed a most persistent
vitality. Any of these causes, much less four, would
have killed an ordinary man.
Each train In the Overland Limited dally
service between San Francisco and Chicago is
provided with a separate and complete elec
trical plant. Each berth, compartment anil
drawing-room has Us own reading lamp. Each
table In the dining-car Is adorned by a dainty
lamp that sheds a soft glow of light. The
Booklovers' Library of Philadelphia provides
tho latest books, which, with the current maga
zines, help to pass the evening hours delight
fully on a train where one cam read at ease
with a steady, brilliant light.
Electric fans are used to cool the air. Elec
tric heaters are provided for the lad>ea' curling
Irons. Electric buttons bring quick service and
a telephone In the observation parlor connects
the passenger with the outside world while the
train la at terminals.
The Overland Limited leaves San Francisco
datly at 10 a. in., reaching Chicago In le.su
than three days.
For tickets. Bleeping car reservations and full
information apply to R. R. Ritchl*. generxl
agent Pacific Coast. Chicago and Northwestern
Hallway. C17 Market street. San Francisco. Cal.
The New Overland Limited Via Chi
cago and North-western Railway.
Frederick Law Olmsted was born at
Hartford. Conn, April 2G. 1S22. He was a
student at Yale In 1S43 and In later years
received the degree of A. M. from Am
herst and of LL.D. from Harvard and
Yale. In 1S57 he became landscape archi
tect and superintendent of Central Park,
New York. From 1S61 to 1863 he wa3 sec
retary of the United States Sanitary
Commission. Subsequently ho laid out
public parks in many large cities, the
grounds and terrace of the Capitol at
Washington, the Stanford University
grounds and was the landscape architect
of the World's Fair at Chicago. He was
the author of "Walks and Talks of an
American Farmer," "Our Seaboard Slave
States," "A Journey Through Texas"
and "A Journey to the Back Country."
A considerable part of the range on the public do
main was protected from destruction by unlawful
fer^cs. The Govvnmen£2has ordered these torn
down and the work is now in prognj^s. While the
fences were illegal, they did protect meadow that
will now disappc .„• and give plice to the desert.
The season of grazing that is just ending has been
characterized by many violent conflicts between
stockmen battling for th<£)pa^>ire. In these con
flicts twenty murders have been committed and sev
eral hundred thousand dollars' worth of property
has been destroyed. The present aspect of the prob
lem seems at last to have aroused fche/^Hiblic men of
the West to action. Time was that e^cry Western
Governor opposed leasing, and at their meeting in
Salt Lake City two years ago they resolved against
it Now a change is noted in that typicalljQ^razing
State. Wyoming, whose Governor, Mr. Chatterton,
replying to a request for his views, says: "The arbi
trary and, without legal authority therefor, drawing
of 'dead lines' by parties in interest is a constant
source of trouble and injustice and a continual men
ace to the peace of communities where it prevails.
The only practical solutionjjf the question that I am
able to satisiy myself is just, equitable and for the
best interests of the greatest number in the present
and for future generations is the leasing of the ranges
on the pubhc domain. The State, through a board
of competent men, should have control of the leas
ing. The board should be selected not because of
party affiliation, for this is a business proposition,
but because of their integrity, business qualifications
ai.d knowledge of conditions and the means of ob
taining thr object in view.
"The lands should be apportioned on some equita
ble basis according to the realty holdings of actual
settlers and, after they are provided for, to actual
resident stock owners. The number of head of live
stock allowed to be grazed should be limited ac
cording to the pasturage quality of the land, so that
overstocking would not prevail as now and the fu
ture thereby be provided for. The rental should be
nominal, say, one or one-half cent per acre, so the
small ranchmen may take advantage of this means of
protection. This would stop the 'dead line,' keep
oot nomadic sheep, which are such a menace, not
only to our resident stockmen but Jo the peace and
quiet of those sections now infested by them. Give
sheep and cattle separate grazing grounds; preserve
peace and insure the permanency of the pasturage.
It would require two or three years to get the plan
perfected and rightly adjusted, and those doing it
would be subjected to adverse criticism; but if the
board were honest, industrious and firm, five years
would bring greatly beneficial results to all inter
ests. I find a large majority of those to whom I
have talked favor such a method. Those who oppose
it are generally the owners of hrge flocks and herds
who have no home in Wyoming."
If Wyoming conclude that permanency of stock
ranging is better than its destruction and that law,
order and peace on the range are better than disor
der, homicide and destruction of property, the other
stock-growing States should hasten to join her in
putting the curative policy promptly in action.
THE CALL pioneered the issue of leasing the
stock range on the public domain. It was and
is a question of the ufmost importance to the
cunsumers of beef and mutton, and affects the very
life of the range industry of the West. We predicted
i progressive rise in the price of meat, caused by
the destruction of the range through its occupancy
in common, and consequent overstocking and ex
tirpation of the pasture. All of these things have
come to pass. The economics of the people are seri
ousiy affected by the high price of meat. The range
industry' is in distress and the desert is spreading
wh<rc the 'meadoyr? are destroyed at the rate of
five millions of acres a year. Western Congressmen
have been slow to realize the problem and enter upon
its solution, and the stockmen themselves, while
aware of their misery, were in disagreement as to its
cause. President Rooseve',t. fully informed in it by
his knowledge of the West and his experience as a
cattle ranger, sought to reach a solution by a com
mission authorized by Congress to examine and re
port legislation. The last Congress adjourned with
out action.
The Supervisors' Finance Commlttea
held a conference yesterday with J. J.
Hassell. president of the Haasell Audit
Company, which la at present experting
the accounts of the County Clerk's offlca
with a view to ascertaining what It would
coat to finish the work of expertise th«i
books of the municipal offices.
The sum of $2u00 was appropriated in
the last budget for the purpose and tha
appropriation will be nearly exhausted by
the end of the month. Hassell agreed
to submit a contract covering the cost
of completing the expertlng of all the
city's accounts.
The Judiciary Committee reported in
favor of the passage of a number of ordi
nances revised to comply with the char
ter provisions. The ordinance for house
moving was amended so as to provide
that in cases where the house to be moved
covered a surface area of 100 square feet
a permit for the moving must be obtained
from the Beard of Works. The old ordi
nance Judge . Sea well held was too com
prehensive, as It would require a permit
to move a doghouse.
Hassell Audit Company Agrees to
Submit Figures on Cost of
Remaining Work.
WILL •CONTRACT TO FINISH
EXPEBTINO CITY'S BOOKS
LEASING THE KANGE
BOSTON, Aug. 2S.— Frederick I*
Olmated, the noted landscape
architect, died to-day at Waver
ly, Mass., aged 81 years. Death
was due to weakness resulting
from Ill-health and advanced age. A
wife, two sons and a daughter survive.
FREDERICK I* OLAISTED,
NOTED LANDSCAPE ARCHI
TECT, WHO IS DEAD.
2&e -t^^^^ $LalL
SATURDAY AUGUST 29, i9°J
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
/. dre;t All Communication* to W. S. LEAKE. Mortager.
TELEPHONE.
Ask lor THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
. You With the Department You Wish.
PITBLICATION OFFICE. . .Market and Third, S. V.
rcDITOIlIAL. UOOMS 217 ««» 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cta.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by Ma.ll. Jndudlr.* Po«t«« (Cash With Ordort: :
DAILY CAIXt (Including Sunday). on« year fJ^J
UAILT CALL, UnclutfJn* Ennday). 6 month* ~*i
DAILT CALL— E>- Strurle Momh -72*
KUNDAT CALL. On« T«*r — *"*
WEEKJ.T CALL, One Te»r *'°°
f Daily... fMJ»O Per T«ar Extra.
TOREICN POSTAGE \ 6un<J«y.. 4.15 Per Tear Extra
I Weekly.. I. OO Per Tear Extra.
A.I1 F**mt*nm.mtrrw lire acthorlMd to recelfo
¦ nb»orli»tlon«.
Karr.rlo cople* will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscriber* In ordering change of adflrww should b«
particular to giv both NEW AND OLD ADWtKSy In order
10 ln«ure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICI3.
I11S Droadway. ..Telephone Main 1OS3
BEIIKELEY OFFICE.
2148 Center Street Telephone Jfortn 77
C. GEORGC KROGXGSS, Mnnniccr Foreign Adver
tising, Blarquette Unildlnu, Chicago.
(Lens Dl«tance Telephone "Central 2019.")
WASHINGTON COItKESPONTJENT:
MOHTON B. C11A>E 14O« G Street. J*. \V.
NEW YOIUC KEI'KESHNTATIVE:
STEPDCX U. SMITH SO Tribune Dnildlns
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CAnLTOS llermld Square
UIlAXCIl OFFICES— S27 Montgomery, corner of CIw, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
MrAUUter. open until 9:S0 o'clock. CIS Larkln. op«n until
9:30 o'clock. l»il Mission, oi>en until 10 o'clock. 22CI
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1090 Va
lencia, open until 8 o'clock. 104 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 8 o'rluok. 22OO Fillmore. open until » p. m.
OWING to the great amount of loss caused
to the New England States early in the sum
mer by forest fires something more than or
dinary attention is being given in the East this year
to the problem of preventing the spread if not the
outbreak of such fires and thus conserving the for
ests. Serious damages resulting from fires in the
woods have been occurring in the East every year
since ever white man settled there, and yet, accord
ing to the National Bureau of Forestry, only three
States in the Union— New York, Pennsylvania and
Minnesota — have made even so much as a system
atic attempt to prevent them.
The West of course suffers from this cause more in
proportion than the East, because the West has now
larger forests and the fires are more extensive. Es
timates of the losses by woodland fires last year are
to the effect that in Oregon and Washington alone
damage to the amount of $20,000,000 was done within
two weeks by the big fires which will be readily re
called. Those fires were exceptionally disastrous, but
it is estimated that taking the country as a whole the
loss has averaged upward of $30,000,000 annually for
the past twenty years.
Since there are three States in the Union that
have made "systematic attempts" at the prevention of
forest fires there are ample precedents for a fourth
State to follow, and the State that first hastens to
take up the work ought to be California. We have
thus far escaped with comparatively little loss by
fires in the woods and fields this year, but the dry
season is not yet over. Even as it is the loss, if it
could be fully computed) would be found to be far in
excess of what a scientific system of forestry would
entail in the way of expenditure.
The Bureau of Forestry has undertaken to promote
forest preservation in all the States and Territories,
and is now making careful studies on the subject. A
recent review of its work says: "The three States
having fire protection systems are said to have effi
cient ones, and the Government experts will ".study
their workings carefully; but what would do in one
section would not do in another, and each district
will be studied as to its peculiar needs. Then when
the Government has formulated its system it can
apply it to the Federal domain and suggest to the dif
ferent States the passage of suitable laws. Further it
cannot go, but in view of the immense annual loss
now incurred it would seem as if no State would re
fuse to act upon the suggestions of the Government.
FOREST FIRE SERVICE.
To those who wish well for California nothing can
be more encouraging than the fact, recently an
nounced, that the registration of students at Stanford
and at Berkeley is extremely large this year. Good
education makes it impossible for men and women
so to conduct themselves as to reflect bad citizen
ship.
Mrs. Prag was prevailed upon to with
draw her resolution and the one present
ed by Mr. Sturges was adopted without
much opposition.
Principal Brooks of the Girls' High
School spoke in favor of the resolution in
troduced by Mrs. Prag. President Wood
ward took occasion to say that the teach
ers could do more toward securing the
raise in the salary by appealing to the
Supervisors than the Board of Ed
ucation could accomplish. He said the
members of the board had added $90,000
to the amount asked for the School De
partment and this was not even consid
ered by the Supervisors when making up
the budget. He said the School Depart
ment had $140,000 less this year than last
to carry out Its important work. School
Director Mark also spoke. He said he
would do all In his power to help the
teachers increase the fund. He suggested
that the teachers organize and appeal to
the Supervisors who were up for election
next month.
Professor McCarthy was of the opinion
that the proper thing to do was to appeal
to the Board of Supervisors and not to
the Board of Education. "We mu3t have
more money," he said, "or the annui
tants must get leas salary. We have
thirty-nine on the list, and they will draw
very nearly $1170 a month. Either the
Board of Supervisors must help us more
or the teacehrs must Increase their con
tributions. I think If the teachers vote
to pay the $30 they should make it condi
tional. It is the duty of all teachers to
bind themselves to such an agreement.
It would not be fair for fifty teachers to
pay it and fifty not to pay it."
FAVORS RESOLUTION.
That In order to continue in force and make
benprtcial and to pro%'lde a fund for the pen
sioning of teachers the salary of tach teacher
now in the employ of the San Francisco School
Department be increased by the sum of $2, the
said $2 to be retained from each teacher and
paid Into the Teachers" Annuity Fund.
Be It resolved. That the Board of Educa
tion of this city and county be respectfully
requested to act upon the following resolution:
When the motion was before the meet
ing Mrs. Prag arose and read a long
statement In which she protested against
the of the sum. She said many
teachers could not pay the money, others
would not give it and she believed no one
should do so. She then told of the condi
tions existing In other cities. She proved
by statistics that teachers were better
paid in the Eastern cities and that the
annuity funds in New York, Philadelphia
and other Eastern cities were assisted by
the boards of education and by special
legislative enactments.
She then introduced a substitute for th6
motion. It was In part as follows:
President Woodward of the Board of
Education was chairman of the meeting.
At the outset of the meeting he deplored
the fact that the attendance was not as
large as it should be. He said the sub
ject was an important one and since the
teachers are contributing their money
they should be present to take part in
the proceedings, lie read a statement
prepared by Assistant Secretary Berliner,
which showed the condition of the annuity
fund. The statement showed that 852 day
school teachers contributed II a month to
the fund and that eighty-seven night
school teachers contributed 50 cents each
month. The total contributions for July
amounted to $S96 50. In one year these
contributions would aggregate $10,746. He
read that the total amount In the fund on
July 1 was $25,210. Of this sum $20,492 was
bearing interest and $4718 was in the
hands of the City and County Treasurer
and not drawing interest.
He showed there were thirty-nine an
nuitants. Of this number twenty-eight
were drawing the maximum amount and
eleven were drawing for services ren
dered. The total amount paid out each
month to annuitants was $1105 and this
would amount to $13,260 a year. He
showed there were at present 104 day
school teachers and thirty evening school
teachers who were not contributors to the
fund. President "Woodward thought It
would be a good plan to bring them into
the fold. He said he understood the
teachers who were not contributors had
ninety days in which to get In.
"The proposition is to have each of you
contribute $30 and thus put the fund in
good shape," said the president. "I would
like to have the Supervisors give you $2 a
month extra salary and this amount be
devoted to the annuity fund." This state
ment was applauded.
Horace Mann was Introduced and ex
plained the condition of the teachers' an
nuity fund and told of the efforts made
by the Commissioners to carry out its
provisions. He outlined its history and
his explanations were lucid. At the con
clusion of his address he made a motion
that it be the sense of the meeting that
a form of application be circulated among
the teachers, asking them to agree to pay
$30 into the permanent fund accumulated
for the teachers' annuity fund.
MRS. PRAG PROTESTS
The foregoing resolution was adopted
at a special meeting of the teachers of
the Ban Francisco School Department,
held Jn the auditorium of the Girls' High
School yesterday afternoon. It was in
troduced by Selden Sturges and was dis
cussed very widely before it was adopted.
It was at the suggestion of Horace Mann
that the meeting was held. The annuity
fund, which is contributed to by the
teachers of this city. Is diminishing and
the annuitants are increasing. To pre
vent the fund from becoming extinct. It
was suggested that each teacher who is
contributing to the fund pay an addi
tional ?1 for the next (wo years.
Many of the teachers went to the meet
ing opposed to such a course, but after
the lengthy discussion decided that it was
the only wa^to prevent the pension plan
from disappearing.
CONDITION OF FUND.
"Resolved, That It be the sense of the
teachers here assembled that we favor
the proposition to contribute $1 a month
extra for thirty months to the perma
nent fund for the teachers' annuity fund,
provided that 90 per cent of the con
tributors thereto shall signify their will
ingness so to do by signing an agreement
to that effect."
SAN FRANCISCO. Auk. 23. 1903.
Board of Underwriter* of the Pacific. Alfred
Stillman Secretary Bxecutlve Committee, 3KJ
California atreet— Dear Sir: The chief engi
neer of this department. D. T. Sullivan, bavin*
thla day and In open board, handed us your
communication of even date. In which you In
close a check In his favor for S10OO to meet
such expens* as win be incidental to his at
tendanc» at the meeting of nr» chiefs at At
lantic City. N. J.. September 8. 9. 10 and 11.
and it being necessary under the rules and
regulations governing this department that n»
be formally authorized to accept such moneys,
¦we bes to inform you that such authorisation
has been tills day granted with the greatest
pleasure by this board. We also desire to ex
tend to you gentlemen, our utmost thanks per
sonally and as members of the Board of Flr«>
Commissioners, for your very courteous act
and appreciation of our chief engineer aa
shown. Thanking you again and wishing you
all success; w» are. gentlemen, yours very
of fire commissioners.
J. W. McCARTHT. Secretary.
Chief Engineer Dejnls T. Sullivan, head
of the flre department cf this c'ty. was
yesterday afternoon presented with a
check for $1000 by the Board of Fire Un
derwriters. The chief Is soon to start for
Atlantic City, N. J., there to attend the
convention of flre chiefs from all parts
of the country, and the money Is given
him to defray his expenses and also as
a token of appreciation for the pood work
he has done as head of the fire depart-
The Board of Supervisors appropriated
•J1000 for the chief a few days ago but
one member objected, so Sullivan refused
to accept the money. Yesterday th*
Board of Flre Underwriters sent a letter
to Chief Sullivan inclosing the check.
Chief Sullivan referred the letter to the
Commissioner. The Fire Commissioners
Immediately gave their consent to^tte
chiefs accepting the money. Following
are the letters of the underwriters and
the Flre Commissioners:
Board of Flre Underwriters' Executive Com
mittee of the Pacific. 303 California street.
Mr^KlfT.'Sivan. Chief San Francl^
Ftre Department. City Hall. San f 1 ?™}* 0 ?-:
Dear Sir: I hav» the honor to Inform you
that by unanlraou- vote of the « ecu V v t 8 h 5°£"
mlttee I was instructed to hand you th.^In
closed check for J10W to meet »" ch «5?? n **
as will b« incidental to your attendance at
the meeting of fire chiefs and at the i»o«
time to axpre«s to you the pleasure or tn«
underwriters In having an opportunity to show.
In part, their appreciation of your services
to thla city. Yours respectfully.
ALFRED STIti-MAJT.
Secretary Executive Committee.
THE Governor of Massachusetts, John L. Bates,
in his inaugural discussed the need of reform
in public accounting and especially separation
of the cost of public utilities from the general fund.
He said that a law to establish' uniform accounting
would not only greatly economize municipal admin
istration, but the separation of public utility accounts
would supply useful knowledge on the problem of
municipal industries, such as furnishing water, gas
and electricity.
Mr. Harvey S. Chase, Public Accountant and
Auditor of Boston, commenting on this, says:
"Herein the Governor touches upon a matter of most
vital importance, namely, the great question of mu
nicipal ownership of public utilities, around which
there is a surging and at times almost a raging tide
of public opinion. The two camps of supporters
and opposers of municipal management of public in
dustries, such as electric light works, gas works,
water, street railways and other businesses, are vio
lently antagonistic. Both quote figures in support
of their views and both are hopelessly confused by
thes>e same figures, for there is to-day in these indus
tries no uniform and comparative accounting and
reporting upon which such figures can be impartially
and authoritatively based. Think of the millions of
public money which may be hereafter voted for these
enterprises in our various municipalities and judge
if we do not need absolute accuracy in our financial
statements and an impartial and unassailable com
parison of these conditions and results before such
vast sums are expended."
These views are simply the repetition of all the
conclusions of experience in every American city
where municipal ownership of any public utility has
a history'- Making the cost independent of the plant
which it provides and supports has caused a confu
sion that none can untangle and an expense which
staggers belief. Moved by the forces of society, our
cities in California are pushing forward to the same
chaos, unless their people firmly insist that they
start right by resting the whole cost of a public plant
and every penny of the expense of its administration
upon the plant itself.
This separates it efficiently, in the beginning, from
the general fund, and keeps it separate, so that any
moment and all the time the people can know the
cost of the experiment they are trying. This will
put an end to that hopeless confusion which is upon
both the proponents and ppponents of municipal
ownership. It will equip the people for judgment in
voting public utility bonds. They can easily reduCe
any such proposition to exact figures, demonstrating
cost and benefit, and in no other way can they vote
intelligently upon the issue of the millions in bonds
which are now contemplated.
Under such a plan the people of Oakland, for il
lustration, can immediately compare the cost of an
existing and a proposed water supply. To deprive
them of this opportunity is asking them to take a
leap in the dark. Public authority owes it to the
people to give them full opportunity to judge intelli
gently when they arc asked to vote millions of their
property in taxes to enter upon a novel expedient
for the supply of a public necessity.
SAN FRANCISCO
TEACHERSWANT
INCREASED PAY
UNDERWRITERS
REWARD FIRE '
CH1EFSULLIVAN
make necessary during fogs and general bathweather,
and for this reason we soon shall see some point in
Ireland the great entry port and shipping port for
freight to and from the United States."
In addition to the advantage which the Irish port
will have over any port in England or the Continent
as a distributing point for cargoes carried by the
monster steamships of the future, there will be the
further advantage of increased speed of transporta
tion. Mr. Shayne says: "I believe it will be possible
for a shipper in Scotland to send goods to Ireland
and from thence deliver them in Omaha in less time
than is required at present to send them from Liver
pool to New York."
It is, of course, quite probable that these promises
of courts, naval stations and cpmmerce are the ex
aggerations of oversanguine men, but the very fact
that there is "boom talk" in Ireland is sufficiently
strange to be notable. We have heard so much in
the past about Ireland's distressful condition that a
prediction of a twentieth century Ireland occupying
the commercial center of the globe is in itself a
change that marks a new era in the prospects of the
country.
PUBLIC UTILITY BONDS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO „ CALL, SATURDAY, r AUGUST 29, 1903.
DEATH SUMMONS
NOTED DESIGNER
OF LANDSCAPES
Even the Shah of Persia is threatened with relig
ious difficulties which may culminate in fanatical
war. In these modern days of toleration some people
pay too much for their religion. This fact seems
particularly to be true in those countries where the
best of rcliginni is not good.
RECENTLY an Italian expert declared that
the efforts of the Department of Agriculture
to establish a silk industry in the South
would be futile because, as he said, the hands of the
negroes are too heavy ever to acquire the lightness
and deftness required to reel silk from the cocoons.
Incidentally he intimated that the objection would
be found to run against white as well as colored
women, and that in no part of the United States
would it be found possible to maintain a silk-pro
ducing industry in opposition to that of Italy, of
China and of Japan.
The opinion of any expert concerning his trade is
always interesting and instructive, but in this case
it appears the expert was not wise in his generation.
Almost at the time when the Italian silk grower was
a:serting the futility of our efforts at the production
of silk, Secretary Wilson was exhibiting in Washing
ton a hank of silk reeled by machinery and announc
ing that he proposes to teach the people of the South
how to use the machine instead of relying on hand
labor as formerly.
A report from Washington giving an account of
the exhibit and of Secretary Wilson's plans regard
ing the industry says: "There arc three of these ma
chines, though only one of them has been put in
operation, the intention being to send one of the
two remaining machines to Tuskegee and the other
to some place, where sufficient interest may be shown
to learn how to operate it. Cocoons have been pur
chased from all over the country and two expert fe
male French operatives have been brought to Wash
ington to teach the operation of the machines. It is
Secretary Wilson's desire to have the people of the
South, and especially negroes, learn the business, be
cause of -the comparative cheapness of that labor.
Arrangements have been made to have some girls
come to Washington to learn the machines."
It appears from this report that we need not trou
ble ourselves to question whether or no the Ameri
can woman — white or black — has a neat enough hand
and fingers nimble enough for reeling silk from co
coons. The work. can be done by machinery. That,
of course, means success for us, for when it comes to
handling machines we beat the world.
An 18-year-old youth of Santa Cruz blew out his
brains the other day exclaiming, "Tell her I died for
her." Some unknown young lady has received a
stroke of *xceotional rood fortune.
AMERICAN SILK
6
I THE MAN YOU LOVE.
w IT has been said repeatedly that any woman, who is not positively
B I deformed, can, with tact and delicacy, win any man she sets her heart
S A upon, but — can she? How many women have smilingly accepted
8 the compliment of the assertion in public, only to ponder the ques-
S ticn anxiously, oft times hopelessly, in the privacy of the boudoir.
13 What an old, old, problem it is. to be sure, but oh, how appallingly
g new to most of the Rentier sex who will read these lines. Matrimony
g the right man — a comfortable, happy home. It is the one srreat prob-
8 lem of a woman's life from the cradle to the prrave. They are the ideals
§ that women have always •cherished, always will. And how many, or
8 rather, how few, realize their ideals. '
S It is a problem that few men can understand, or, worst of all. ever
§ try to understand. Man. with his lordly assumption of all the orerojj-
g atives of life worth havine. may woo and win where and when he list-
* eth. But to woman — passive, receptive woman — what is civen? She
S must wait her lover's cominjr. She may not seek, as man do*es. that which
§ pleases her most. And out of the lovers who choose to woo she must
S make what poor selection is afforded her, and, burying the ideal, give all
S the fluttering, clinging hope of the future to shaping the real into
8 something akin to the eod of her dreams.
o And in this world of sham and show, of the mad chase for wealth.
" the problem has become vastly more vexatious than it ever was before.
S Even thoueh it has been long accepted as something akin to a ioke. it
o happen? all too often in real life that she loves the poor man. and must
S rhoose between him and a wealthier though less undesirable suitor.
q Perverse woman, sav the knowing and the worldly: but only the girl
o who has been confronted with such a problem can realize the heartburn-
S ing. the sublime emotional tragedy of it all. Whichever way she chooses
S some great part of the ideal is shattered and— what then?
S Every woman who reads is seeking the answer to just such a ques-
S tion. Ju«t a few of those who write have tried to answer it for her.
8 Such a one is the "Half-Hour-Storiette" in the next Sunday Call, en-
q titled "When Jabberwock Rode." Curious title, isn't it? Well, it is a
g curious story, and one that answers the nroblem as — well, read it and
S see if you would answer it that way. If vou are a woman it is ten
« chances to one vou would or — would you? .
S Perhaps, after all. you wouldn't, for there is another storr that solves
S the riddle in a different wav. It is called "Betwixt Dad and Toe." but
« the problem before the girl is not exactlv what you would infer from
S that title — indeed not bv a great deal. Nor can you guess what man-
's ner of finesse «he used to brin* about a happy ending— the only sort an
g srdent girl will ever accept. Still another is "Under the Car of the
« Juggernaut." but the eirl in this story did not have thing3 as much her
8 own way as you mieht think she Hid frcm such a title. Or doe* that
3 title convey as clear a concention of what a remarkable story this is
S as a well selected title should? You'll be able to decide that question
S best for yourself when vou read »1! the bright, clever, up-to-date stories
Q on the two "Half-Hour-Storiftte" pages in the next Sunday Call.
<5 Then, to be sure, there is the second installment of "Brewster's
£fc Millions" which jroes far. toward clearing the mystery of bow he
8 spent one mUlion a year to make six more. If-"you think it is the
S ""easiest thing in the world to spend a million a year, get your money's
<2 worth and yet h*ve nothing to *how for if atthj end of that time
g you'll find valuable informat'on in the next Sunday Call.
S " You'll find also "A P*d H*iVed Cunid" bv Henry Wallace Philllo*.
Q "The Etiquette of the Hostess" by Madge Moore, the San Francisco
5 feaman who has just brought ? ereat sh«p safely into harbor by rWruj
j5, the broken rudder in a storm like a tramp on a brake-beam. "Old
Q Gorgon Graham's Alohabet." w>»»'ch is the fu«*Mest thine vou eve- saw
v eyreot perhaps the "Wonderful K'nedom of Wonderful Things." which
S reallv is a full pasre of something new itnrfer the sun.
q But what is the use of telling you any more. You will see all this
g for yourself, and much more, very much more, besides in the next
§ Sunday Call, that is if you care anything at all -about snappy, brilliant
Snewspaperi.
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24,
1903, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested to pre-
sent th*m immediately, as thla
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's, premium rates will be-
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24.NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early. morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides otf the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; ths
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
Eometlmes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of ti»e lower low waters. - '
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Heiehts of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height of
tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY, AUGUST 20.
Sun rises 5:37 a. m.
Sun sets .., 6:44 p. m.
Moon rises e p. m.
O Time Tlmel Time Time
¦ Ft. Ft. Ft Ft.
? H W L W H W L W
2S> B7l5^ 4.2 10:15 2.5 4:42 5.3 11:14 ai
80 6:31 4.111:22 2.8 5:41 6.2
L W H W |L W H W
31 0:46 0.7 7:45 4.2 12:36 2.9 6:42 6 1
1 1:41 0.6 8:46 4.4 1:30 2.9 7:40 6.1
2 i 2:28 0.4 9:25 4.6 2:31 2.8 8:33 ».l
3 3:07 0.3 10:14 4.8 3:16 2.7 9:20 6.1
4 I 3:44 0.3 10:50 4.9 3:54 2.5 10:04 5 1
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
AaffUftt 29.
Czarina ' Coos liay direct... 5 pm Pier 8
R. Dollar. . . Portland direct ... 12 m Pier 2
Centralia. . . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
S. Portland Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier 2
C. Nelson.. Humboldt 10 ami Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pmiPier 2
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p) Pier 9
Silesia Hamburg Way Pt3 2 pm Pier 27
San Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay... San Pedro Way Pts 9 am Pier ID
Acapulco... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 8
August 30.
Arctic Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier ly
Ansnat 31.
North Fork Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
Q. Dollar. . . Grays Harbor .... 12 m Pier 2
Olympic Whatcom & Falr'n 4 pm Pier 2
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
September 1.
Chlco Coquille River « pm Pier 2
S.Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Pomona.... Humboldt |l:30pPler 9
Argo Eel Pilver Ports 4 pm Pier 2
September S.
Bonita Newport Way Pts. 9 ami Pier 19
September 'A.
State of Cal. San Diego & 'Way. 9 am Pier 19
Arcata Coos B.&Pt. Orford 10 am Pier la
Korea China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
September 4.
Alliance Portland Way Pts. 5 pm Pier 16
September 5.
Peru N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Alameda. . . Honolulu 11 am Pier 17
O. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 21
Klval Wlllapa Harbor — 4 pm Pier 2
1 September 7. |
Curacao Mexican Ports |10 am|Pler 13
September 8. | |
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports.|ll am|Pier 9
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. I Sails.
CityTopeka.. Bkagway & Way Ports. (Aug. 29
Senator Nome direct Sept. 1
Eureka Nome direct Sept. 1
Excelfior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Sept. 1
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael... Sept. 1
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports Sept. l
Ohio •• Nome & St. Michael... Sept. 2
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports|Sept. a
Al-Kl Skagway & Way Pcrts|8ept. 6
Dirigo Skagway & Way PortslSept. a
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pt«|Sept. 7
Cottag-e City. . Skagway & Way Porta.|Sept. S
Steamer. From. Due.
Chlco Coquille River Aug. 23
Luxor Hamburg & Way Pts. Aug. 29
Centralia San Pedro Aug. 2J
G. Dollar.... San Pedro Aug. 3!)
Centennial Seattle &. Tacoma Aug. 30
Hedondo San Pedro I Aug. 30
Eureka Humboldt (Aug. 30
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports Aug. 30
Argo Eel River Ports Aug. 30
Pomona Humboldt lAug. 30
Edith Seattle (Aug. 31
Del Norte Crescent City I Aug. 31
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 31
Gaelic China & Japan Aug. ;>1
Mlnpoia Tacoma Aug. 31
M. Dollar San Pedro Aug. 31
Olympic San Pedro Aug. 31
S.Monica Grays Harbor ]Sert. 1
Curacao Mexican Ports ,Sept. 1
Arcata Coo« Bay & Pt. Orford. 'Sept. 1
Alameda Honolulu iSc-pt. 1
Corona Humboldt iS'-pt. 2
San Juan New York via PanamaiSept. 2
G. \V. Elder.. Portland A Astoria. .. .Isept. 2
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. ArenajSept. 3
Fanw Kosa. . . San Diego & Way Pts.iSept. 3
Alliance Portland & Way Portsiaept. 3
Rival Willapa Harbor (Sept. 3
Coos Bay Pan Pedro & Way Pts.jSept. 3
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports Sept. 4
Nevadan Honolulu Sept 5
North Fork... Humboldt Sept. 5
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma Sept. 0
Newburg Grays Harbor |SepC 6
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports. iSept. 7
Columbia Portland & Astoria ISept. 7
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. ISept. 7
The new gasoline schooner Topo, now being
completed at Folfom-street wharf No. 2. la at
tracting considerable attention and much
curiosity has been expressed as to her mission
in the marine world when completed. Stoutly
constructed as any ocean going vessel, her
field of activity will be confined to the bay
and river. 'She has twin screws and Is equip
ped with 140-horsepower engines. The Topo
has been specially designed for the bay and
river freight trade and on her spacious deck
will be able to accommodate J55O tons of mer
chandise. She is equipped with every con
trivance for the rapid handling of cargo and
when loaded will draw only seven feet of
water. She was built at Hay & Wright's ship
yard.
Twin Screw Bay Freighter.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE,
A lively fight on the ocean wave be
tween Chief Mate Willitm P. Canty and
Captain A. II. Scott of the bark Gerard
C. Tobey was ventilated yesterday before
Supervising Inspector John Birmingham.
The mate swore, but very gently, It be
ing a judicial proceeding, that on the 4th
of August. 1903. Captain Scott waa over
loaded with molasses spirits and tried to
brain him with an Iron belaying pin of
great weight, hardness and solidity, but
the weapon was wrested from his grasp
by sturdy brown armed heroes of the
crew.
dropped exactly at noon to-day. 1. e., at noon
of SS 120th meridian, or at 8 pnv Greenwich
time J- *— x» U itiMii i * •
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In Charge.
Then swore Mate Canty again that when
he retired to his room— not precipitately,
hark ye, but In obedience to the captain's
order— the captain broke open the door
with a sturdy kick and belted Canty upon
the head with a stout, high shouldered
bottle that had contained some of the
finest Dutch Rin that ever sailorman
smacked li?s ovar.
Then while the mate lay gruntine on
the deck the bellicose captain kicked him
in the eye and bit a piece of meat out
of hi* chest, but. not liking the flavor,
spit it out. Mate Canty gently swore
again that had not Second Mate A. Far
quhar and the ship's carpenter, L-. M.
Inderson, disarmed the captain Mate
Canty would have gone to Davy Jones'
There was the usual lack of unanimity
in the evidence. The captain and two
sailors judicially swore that Mate Canty
had hurled defiance at the captain and
had called him a lime juicing something
that would not look well In print. Then
the captain and the mate came together
and rol'.fd over and over on the deck of
the gallant bark Tobey in an unfriendly
embrace, swearing like pirates of tha
Spanish Main.
Supervising Inspector Bermingham will
sleep over the case for a few evenings
before rendering a decision on this drama
of the hich seas.
Trial Trip Next Week.
The revenue cutter Arcata is at Folsom
street wharf No. 2. where machinists are put
ting the finishing touches on her engines. Sh«
U to have her first trial trip Monday or Tues
day. Before going for a preliminary spin she
•rUl be eent to the W. A. lioole shipyard,
where she was built, and have the grime of
the water front <v>aJ-iad>-n atmosphere hosed
from her decks and upper works. She will
also have her paint work freshened. At pres
ent, covered with coaJ dust and marked with
the ell-stained fingers of the mechanics en
*age<l in finishing the installation of her ma-
cY.inerr. lh * Arcat* looks decidedly dlereputa
ble but she will emerge from the bath Boole
is preparing to give her one of the smartest
iookir.g of Uncla Sam's fleet of harbor boats.
After, passing a successful trial the Arcata
proceed to Puget Sound, where she will
be commissioned ac boarding Gutter for the
Custom-house at Port Townsend.
Reinsurance Changes.
The rate of reinsurance on the Aristides was
advanced yesterday to 60 per cent and the
Ivrrton was marked up to 15 per cent. The
Sit^us remains at SO. the Arabia at 15 and
s;*»ci:!at.ors are atfll 'investing in the Milton
F»rk fcnd Helen Brewer at 90 per cent.
China to Be Drydocked.
The Paoifc Mail Corr.rar.y'a steamship China,
which has betn un<ierpoir.s? extensive repairs
at the Union Iron Works, will po ro Hunters
Vo>.r.l drydock ts>-day to be scraped and paint
t-i. '• The Ciuna wiil resume her r>Ia.ce on th«
Oriental run when the City of Peking arrives
here.
Pilot John Wallace Is Better.
Captain John Wallace, the bar pilot, who
was lecently operated upon for appendicitis,
vislte-l the Merchant*' Exchange yesterday,
looking little the worse for his encounter with
thf turpeons. He is recovering strength rap
idly anJ exjiecie to go into commission again
within a few weeks.
Captain Brace Goes East.
Certain- J. H. Bruce, who recently resigned
hit position as ir.arine eurvt-yor for the Fire-
Kian's Vund Insurance Company, has gone
East for «ui extended vacation.
NXWS 0? THE OCEAN.
Tdatters of Interest to Mariners and
Shincine Merchants.
The French bark Emma Laurans is char-
fred for bar>V to E«ri«>e at 36s {wheat irtlf
f-,iing "s Cd). bark Krmeward Bound, barley
to Antwerp <term« private); German ship No
roia, wheat from Ticnma to Europe at 21a
¦>*•<!. chartered rrt°r to arrival. The f-hlp Fails
"of Civile returns to Hllo with general cargo.
Shipments of Crude OU
"The tank eteam»-r Vbiltier was cleared yes
terday 'or Honolulu wit*" 420,000 gallons crude
oil. valued at 114,0(0, and the echocner Santa
Paula was cleared for the pejr.e port with 215,
000 gallons, valued at t! 0.600.
•
Merchandise for New York
Tne Btean-« Texan sailed yt«erday for Del
aware Breakwater via Seattle and Tacoma
with the following merchandise Ia<le.n at this
pert an4 consigned to New York: 11. .074 *k«
dried prunes. t2)2fi cs canned goo<Js. HXO bbli
w:ne. SS.M4 bags sugar, 7u3 bags coffe*.
Seligman Held to Answer.
M. Carlton Seliermaji was held to an
swer before the Superior Court by Police
JudKe Cabaniss yesterday on a charge of
obtaining: money by false pretenses in
$1000 bonds. He was a solicitor for the
Conservative IJfe Insurance Company of
Los Angeles, and on May 30 represented
to Attorney Georse H. Bahrs that he
was the general manager. He employed
Bahrs as attorney for the company, prom
ising him a fee of 5500 for a year, and se
cured from Bahrs a promissory note for
$221 for the premium on a policy, receiv
ing $75 commiefclon from the company.
com; DUt in to finish loading.
Bktn James Johnson, Bennecke, 65 houra
from Eureka.
Schr Bender Broe. Wetzel. 28 hours from
'senr* Orient. Sanders. 10 days from Wlllapa
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 5 hours from Point
Reyes.
CLEARED.
Friday. August 28.
Stmr Whittier. Macdonald. Honolulu; Union
°'stm < r Coos Bay. Nicolson. San Pedro; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.
Stmr Sar.ta Rosa. Alexander, San Diego;
Pacific Ccait Steamship Co. _^ n -'-,
Stmr Rainier, Hansen. Seattle; Pollard
Steamship Co.
Stmr Robert Dollar. Johnson. Portland; E T
Br itfiip Dumfriesshire, Jones. Liverpool; G
Br snip Port Cameron. Williams, Melbourne;
J J Moore & Co.
Bark Kaiulani, Colly. Honolulu: Williams.
Dlrnrnd & Co.
Bktn W H Dimond. Hansen, Honolulu; J D
Spreckela &. Eros Co.
Barge Sar.ta. Paula. Pelle. Honolulu; Union
Oil Co.
SAILED
Friday. August 28.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, San Pedro.
Stmr Montara. Reilly. Port Harford.
Ftinr Signal. B*nd«»gard. Coos Bay.
Stmr H C Lindauer. Allen, Grays Harbor.
Ptir.r fcanta Cruz. Gielow, Port Harford.
Etmr Coronadj. Peterson. Grays Harbor.
BtBtr'CtMM Nelson. Anderson. Eureka.
Htrr.r Mackinaw, Storrs, Tacoma.
Ftmr Gips'y. Ltland. Moss Landing.
ttmr Ei-mlta, Alberts, Port Harford.
Ptmr Aberdeen. Daniels. Portland.
Stmr Texan, Morrison, Seattle and Tacoma.
ftmr Noyo. W'inkel. Fort Bragg.
¦ptmr PmVnix, Odland, Mendoclno. .
Stmr Criehsiiis. Frantzon. Grays Harbor.
Stmr laqua, Bonlfleld, Eureka.
Stmr Rainier. Hansen, Seattle.
Fr ship Duchetse de Berry, Kermoal, Ant
"verp. . *
Bark Amy Turner. Warlan'd. Hllo.
fcchr San Buenaventura. Holmberg, Cooa
Bay. •
Schr Jennie Stella, Krebs, Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Aug 28, 9 p m— Weather
foggy; wind S\V, velocity 16 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS
EUREKA— Arrived Auk 2S— Stmr Eureka,
bence Aug 27; ttmr Mabel Gray, from San
Di«>go.
Bailed Aug 2S — Schr Dora niuhm, for San
Pedro: echr Eva. for San Francisco; etmr Co
cuill" River, for San Francisco.
LITTLE RIVER — Sailed Auk 2S — Stmr Sa
moa for San Pedro.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Aug 23— Etmr Marnh-
Celd from Hardy Creek; schr W H Smith,
from San Pedro: echr Melrose, from Redondo.
for Columbia River, put in with captain's
* 6^N ! PEDRO — Arrived Aug 28— Stmr San
Gabriel, from Eureka: schr Beulah, from
Uznpqua; itmr Fulton, from Union Landing.
Sailed Aug 28— Strom Redondo and Alcatra*.
for San Francisco: echr F S Redfield, for
Grays Harbor.
POKT HARFORD— Arrived Aug 28— Stmr
MontAra, hence Aug 27.
REDONDO — Sailed Aug 28— Stmr Grace Dol
lar for San Francisco.
BASDON — Sailtd Aug 28 — Schr Antelope, for
San Francisco.
O0O8 BAY— Sailed Aug 2R — Tug Defiance,
with barge in tow. for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Aug 27— Schr
Halcyon, for 6?.n Francisco; echr Fannie
Adele, for Kan Francisco.
Arrived Aug 27— Schr Letltia. from Golo
¦-. SANTA. BARBARA— Arrived Aug 28— Stmr
State of California, and sailed for San .Diego.
EVERETT— Arrived Aug 28— Stmr Leela
naw. from Seattle.
ASTORIA— Arrived Aug 28— Stmr Francis
H Leggett. from Eureka.
Palled Aug 2S— Stmr Alliance, for Ban Fran-
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived Aug 28 — Bark
Challenrer. from Chemainus.
TATOOSH— Passed in Aug 28— Stmr Ohio,
from Nome, for Seattle.
Passed out Aug 25— Stmr Mlneola. from Ta
coma, for S^n Francisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed Auk 27— Stmrs Cottage
City and "Dolphin, for gkagway.
Arrived Aug 28— Stmr Ohio, from Nome.
Sailed Auk -28— Stmr Faralion. for Skagway.
WESTPORT— Arrived Aug 28— Stmr West
port, hence Aug 27.
HARDY CREEK— Arrived Aug 28— Stmr
Prentise. hence Aug 27.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU — Sailed Aug 27 — Bark Annie
Johnson, lor San Francisco.
Arrived Aug 2S— Br chip Brodick Castle,
from Newcastle, Aus.
EASTERN PORT.
CAPE HENRY— Passed out Aug 27— Ship
Afctral, from Baltimore, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS
BREMEN — Sailed Auk 25 — Ger ship Herxo
gln Cecilia, for Ban Francisco.
HONGKONG — Arrived Aug 2S — Jap stmr
Nippon Maru, hence July 81.
P1SAGUA— To sail Aug 30— Schr R C Slade,
for Ban Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS,
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 28— Sttrir La
Touralne. from Havre; itmr Lueanla. from
Liverpool.
Hailed Aug 28 — Stmr Cymric, for Liverpool.
MUVILLE— Sailed Aug 28 — Stmr Furneasla,
from «!fc*gow. for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed Aug 28 — Stmr
Fuerst Bismarck, from Hamburg, for New
York, via Cherbourg.
BOULOGNE-SUR-MER— Arrived Aur 28—
Stmr Rh>ndara, for New York, from Rotter
dam, and proceeded.
QCEENSTrtWN— Arrived Aug 28— Stmr Ui
tonia from Boston, for Liverpool: itmr Cam
pania*, from New York, for Liverpool, and
both proceeded.
galled Aug 28 — Stmr Mayflower, from Liv
erpool, for Hoaton.
CHERBOURG — Sailed Auk 28— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from Hamburg and Southampton,
for Kcw York. # - >-* -
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. B. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal..
August 28.
The time ball on the Ferry building was
A Cargt) for Liverpool.
Trf F.rllif-h *riip uumrrjeBunire was cleared
for Liverpool yesterday with S7.H79 c« canned
fruit 130 c» canned asparagus. 21.780 ctls bar-
Icy. 241.064 lbs tallow. 3<;iR lbs orchllla and 100
gai» wine, valued at $342,025.
«
Tu-o Cargoes for Hawaii
Shipping Intelligence.
The bark Airy Turner was cleared on Thurs
<Saj for HI1."; with an assorted merchandise
cargo, valued at $36.S11. and Including the fol
lowing-: CSS bbls flour, 43.7B2 lbs middlings,
136,274 lbs bran. 26 ctis corn. 10,243 lbs beans,
17&5 bales hay. 143 ctis wheat. 3273 ctls bar
ley, S3.&>0 lbs cait. 1370 lbs, 5 cs meals. I0,4iy
1b* eugar. 710.041 lbs fertilizer. 420 lbs coffee.
1122 11* butter. 120 pkire groceries and provis
ion*. 3r&" lbs lard. 221 c* assorted canned
good*. 4W5 rals wine. 3C3 lbs cheese. 3*C2 1L«
bread 43*>0 Urn cortfieh. 150 pk*» potato**. 15
j.kgs onions. 2S pkgs fne*h fruit*, 60 pkjr*
paEte 5 pkjrs pickled ulmon, 74O gals vinegar
1T.5 csks bottled beer. 25 tins matches. 163 bxs
«=oajj, 100 cs oil. 8 pkgs druge. 24 pk«r» paper
cs C04J oil. 20 cs raaolire. 60 bbl» lime, lb
coil* rope. 2 ro!U leather.
The bark Kaiulani was cleared yesterday for
Honolulu with a general merchandise cargo
valued at f.CJt.'tt?. The leading fhipments were
a* follows: 3400 bbl« flour. 2777 ctls barley.
:.<1 •atK lb» bran. «<K2 lbs beans. 3S.131 lbe mid-
IIItiKS «5 ctls wh»at. 200.000 lbs fertlllrer. 12.
:;'*• lbs bread, 1S*5 (rals vinegar. 222 pkgs gro
rf-rif-t and provision*. 2J>5 pksrs baking pow-
J«r, 5*52 cs canned goods. M0 bxs soap, &0C4 lh*
rrif«]g K>* vkrt beer. 2603 lbs butter, 11, W3
]h» lard. 40.<*iO lbs Mlt. KU05 lbs sugar. 104a
bale* hay 27C rtls corn. 81 ctls oat*. 850 lbs
¦lrir-4 fruit. 5 pkgs ralftlnn. 100 bxs parte. 450
!hs heps. 577» ga!> <-5 c« wine. 200 cs 1W bbli
¦Rhirky. 2013 lb* copper, 101T Ib« solder.' 4020
"b«! lard 33O coils rope. 65 bdl» brooma, 275
--.-¦« lead. 150 4?x« candles. 1208 lha March.
ilZS lhs eoda. Sfl.OOO bricks. 12 mules, 65 c»
ni»tcfci«,Tl pkss palr.te and oils.
ARRIVED.
Friday. August 28.
P'mr <^o!un-ibian. Doran, 57 hours from Port-
J irs<l, via A»torta AX houra.
S - mr ?outh O>a«t, Ols^n. 36 hours from
Crescent City; t;v und south; put In to land pa«
f'nrera.
iitmr Point Arena. Miller, II hours from
Meruioclno. via. Point Arena 12 hours.
Ktrr.r Newsboy. Adler. 18 hourm from Wect
r>ort. .•• -: ;
6tmr Chan ICelson. Andresen, 40 hour* from
B«n 1-Hjro.
Ptmr WhlteBboro, Olisen, 12 hours from
Cwnuooil.
Mmr North Fork, Nelecn. 28 hour* from Re
<J<-»nfln.
Htir south Bsy. Jamleson, 20 hours from
Eurtka.
Ptmr cijiro, Jcncen. ft] hours from Bendon.
» r hr ..Wwark, KHnfrtsen, J2 bourt from
Ktmaru Point.
Etrnr Stn Mateo. Locke. 91 hours from Ta
coicft.
Etmr Guaiau. Johnson. 17 hour* Irom Men-
Oocino.
Ger »taw £U«U. Lorens, 3 da>« from Wh*t-
Among the Peru's passengers was J.
Cabrera, the 11-year-old son of the Pres
ident of Guatemala, who comes here to
attend echool. Miss L.. Lyons, another
jiassenger, is a niece of the American
Minister to" Guatemala. Miss Lyons is a
Kentucky' girl and endowed with all the
charm which has made famous the maid
ens of the blue grass State. She was
popular in the Central American repub
lic and was the belle of the Peru.
Isidor Schuartz, the well known mer
chant of Guatemala and this city, return
ed on the Peru. The steamship docked
at the Pacific Mall wharf about 3 o'clock.
did Dr. Oununir.gs treat his involuntary
guests that, inconvenienced as some of
(hem were by the delay, nobody left An
gel Island with anything but the friend
liest of feelings for the surgeon in charge
of the station.
The ship was fumigated and released
shortly after the passengers left the quar
antine station on the tezider Mlllea Grif
fith. The pass.-r.gers wert taken ashore
at Angel Island Thursday afternoon.
Their effects wire carefully fumigated
and each passenger and every member
of the err vt »as given a disinfecting bath.
AM were provide-i with comfortable quar
tcrm for the :;ight and with such courtesy
The passenger? that arrived Thursday
or. the steamship Peru were released yes
ttrday from Quarantine and landed at the
Pacific Mail wharf just about twenty
four hour* later than they had expected.
The Peru called at Mazatlan and It was
to remove all possible chance of contagion
from that port of indifferent sanitary rep
utation that the Peru and her passengers
wore ordered into quarantine.
In discussing his future position as Min
ister to the Arcentlne republic, Mr. Bar
rett says, he will follow the same policy
as when he was Minister to Slam. He
will \n every way promote a demand for
all American products. He considers the
South American republics a splendid field
for increased commercial intercourse with
this country and he hopes that commer
cial bodies all over the United States will
recognize this fact and try to promote
closer trading relations.
Until March of this year Mr. Barrett
was commissioner general of foreign af
fairs for the St. Louis exposition. In dis
cussing thp /air yesterday he said that
indications clearly show that the expo
sition will be in readiness and be opened
promptly on May 1 of next year.
A large majority of the buildings are
now ready for the reception of exhibi
tions. The only possible delay so far is
in the completion of some of the foreign
and a few State buildings. The Russian*
French. German and Great Britain build
ings are being rapidly pushed forward
and the*- will be ready for the opening
day.
John Barrett, recently appointed United
States Minister to the Argentine repub
lic, is at the Palace. He will leave New
York to take up his diplomatic duties in
South America in the early part of No
vember.
We have in mind the editorial utterances of
the Prospect of the past, and find nothing th*t
we would retract. We find nothing that rightly
understood can be taken as antagonistic to
the interests of labor, or even the labor unions,
when their operations are within the law. The
course of the Prospect hat always b«en to
teach reepect for law and constituted authority.
Wn believe in the rights of labor and in the
rights of property, and we know that these
rights cannot bo secure except under the law.
• • • We admit that the Prospect has
been friendly to capital. For twenty years we
have done our best to induce capital to come
to Calaveras. We Believe we. have done fully
as much to Induce capital to come to r this
county as has the Calaveras Miners' Union of
Angels. Why? Not because, we have received
any direct returns. from the capitalist* them
selves, but because capital has built up pros
perous communities all over the county. It
has given employment to thousands of men.
and by the expenditure of millions of dollars
has created happy homes for those that labor.
In these homes the Prospect is a regular visi
tor and our support comes f ron% those, who
labor and are paid for their labor by capital.
Take the capital out of Angels, Melon«s, A1
tavllle, Hodson,* Owln Mine, Mokelumne Hill
and other places to-day and where would labor
b«? Take a million dollars of capital out of
Angels to-day and there would be no boycott
against the Prospect, because there would be
no Calaveras Miners' Union No. 55 . to pro
claim a boycott. We are the friend of capital
because It is the friend of labor. We are the
friend of labor because It Is directly from that
a community. 1b built up. Neither can exist
without the other In a mining community. ¦
The Amador Ledger, published at Jack
son, Amador County, advises the Pros
pect to take the matter into court, and
aays: :>.<,
According to this proposition the An«;el»
union proposes to .take a hand not merely in
The Calaveras Miners' Union of Angels
has boycotted the Calaveras Prospect and
a lively tilt is in progress because of this
act. In the declaration of the boycott a
committee of the Western Federation of
Miners sets forth that the Prospect has
tried "to defeat the object of organized
labor by creating dissension In the ranks
of unionism and promoting the Interests
of corporate greed at the expense of. the
toiling masses of this and other counties
in the State of California." The Prospect
replies to the various allegations in the
announcement that it is under the ban of
the miners by saying, in part: •
BESENT A BOYCOTT.
A twenty-stamp mill will probably be
placed on the Sweetwater mine near
Mariposa.
James and L. C. Rice report that they
have discovered mining property on Soda
Creek, about sixty miles east from. Vi
salia.
The Inyo Independent says this of ope
rations In Inyo County:
About half the force at the Valley View
mine was laid off the past week. This move
was made in obedience to instructions received
from the Ea«t to reduce the force at all the
company's mines, which waa betrun over a
month ago. Of the 250 men emtloyed two
months a«o on the Mizpah, Burro and Valley
View only about one-half remain, the rest
having been "drafted." The mine* are all
opened now to such an extent that their
future is assured and the company has de
cided to go slow in development till the means
are at hand to reduce the ore. The properties
are all practically opened up to a depth of
800 feet and there is ore enough m sUht to
keep a mill in steady operation for a long
term of years. For months past the company
has endeavored to pay the working expenses
of the properties by the regular shipments of
ore. and while it has succeeded in doing this
it has been done at a srreat loes. To handle
this ore that has been ehipped to the smelters
has cost from $40 to $50 dollars per ton,
besides the loes occasioned by leakage, and
as from one thousand to fifteen hundred tons
were shipped monthly the loss can readily be
appreciated when it is understood that the ore
could be worked at an expense of hot ex
ceeding $10 per ton If reduced at home.
Our negotiations with Mr. Camptw.ll for the
purchase of the Blue Point ProoerMes have
been satisfactorily concluded and we stand
ready to pay the purchase money eve r
the State Debris Commission shall grant us
permTwlon to remove by hydraulic workin«
such earth as must be removed before develop
ment work on the mine can be resumed. Our
application is now before the commission, at
their next regular meeting, a month hence,
a committee of the commission, accompanied
by an engineer, will examine the grounds and
report. If permission is granted we will re
turn to Marysville, pay for the property and
proceed at once to develon it.
The Lecompton mine in Nevada County
has started up with new machinery, in
cluding a ten-stamp mill.
Three hundred men are at work at the
Kennedy mine in Amador County. Twen
ty stamps will be added to the mill.
The Continental group of claims In the
White Mountains, Mono County, will be
developed by J. S. Stotler and others.
Coal is reported to have been discovered
in the Cottonwood Canyon in Mono
County.
The South Bank mine on Indian Creek,
between Angels and San Andreas, is re
ported as about to resume.
Superintendent Starr of the Empire
mine at Grass- Valley reports that the
Menlo ledge has been struck.
Fifty-five men are reported to be work
ing at the Jamison mine near Johnsville,
Plumas County.
The statistics of mining in California in
the future will doubtless show a greater
annual output of asphalt and petroleum.
The oil mining industry is getting on a
solid business basis, in which all experi
mental questions having been determined,
the product is sure to increase. The ef
forts to market California asphalt are
unremitting. The California Asphalt
Sales Agency has directed an agent to
proceed to the East in order to make
known the merits of the pure California
article and to establish agencies in the
Eastern parties have been in Marysville
and vicinity considering the matter of
buying and opening up the Blue Point
gravel properties near Sraartsville. S. P.
Chapln, one of the party, is reported by
the Marysville Appeal as saying:
ASPHAXT AND PETEOLEX7M.
The shipments by rail for various par
ties do not include the entire production,
as the railway companies own large
tracts of productive oil lands and they
are large consumers on their own ac
count: It is supposed that the petroleum
produced in California last year amount*
to between 16,000,000 and 17,000,000 barrels.
The gold product of California in 1902 will
show a falling off from 1901. Many other
products, which have been in the back
ground, are known to have turned out
in larger values in 1902 than In any pre
ceding year. Among these is rubble, a
mine product that is largely used.
While a bulletin on the quicksilver re
sources of California is about to be sent
by the State Mineralogist to the State
Printer for publication, some Interesting
information about quicksilver in the
United States, and especially in Califor
nia, is supplied by the United States Geo
logical Survey, the paper on the subject
being written by Dr. J. Struthers. Since
1850 California has furnished to the world
1,913,258 flasks of which the New Almaden
mine in Santa Clara County has given
up more than 50 per cent. The entire
United States produced In the year 1902
an amount- of 34.451 flasks of 76% pounds
each. The total value was $1,500,412. Cali
fornia in 1902 turned out 29,199 flasks, or
within 5000 flasks of the whole.
Charles G. Yale has almost completed
the mining statistics of California for the
year 1902, this for the State Mining Bu
reau. Much difficulty has been encoun
tered in securing an estimate of the out
put of petroleum.
regulating the relations of the mine owner*
and employes, but in the suppression of free
speech and a free press. * * * Is this a
notice to the press that any paper that dares
to publish any article that does not pass the
ordeal of their censorship will fall under the
ban of their organization? Is this American
ism according to the standard of the Western
Federation? Wo believe the head officers of
that order, as soon as they find out what has
been done, will have sufficient sense to call
a halt on this over-zealous subordinate union.
We venture to say this unwise action will help
rather than injure the Prospect. It behooves
every right-minded citizen of Calaveras County
to uphold the freedom of the presa against this
unwarrantable assault. In behalf of the press
of the entire State the duty has been laid upon
the Prospect of carrying this matter into the
courts by a suit for damages or injunction
against the union. In the face of -such out
rages upon free Institutions it la high time
that unions were made to understand that the
American Government is- stronger than the
Western Federation — stronger to protect the
citizen In the wijoyment of his property than
any combination of men is to deprive him of
his rights.
Later it was announced that the dead
numbered twenty and the wounded
eighty, Including six officers. A captain
who was killed had his head cut oft and
an engine driver was burned alive. Both
engines* were destroyed and several of the
cars were crushed into splinters.
The transportation of the wounded was
a pitiful sight, women crying all along
the route. •
Darkness rendered the confusion about
the scene of the wreck extreme, while
terror was increased when the trains took
flre shortly afterward. Fortunately the
flames were immediately put out. Spe
ciall trains were hurriedly sent to the
scene, carrying the authorities from the
nearest town, who organized a corps of
physicians and aided the wounded.
King Victor Emmanuel visited the hos
pital in person later to see the victims of
the accident.
ROME, Aus- 28.— A disastrous railway
accident has cut short the festivities and
demonstrations in honor of the King and
Queen at Udine, the chief town on the
eastern frontier, sixty miles from Ven
ice, where the sovereigns had gone to
view the grand army maneuvers. At 10
o'clock last night, near Udine, a train
overflowing with soldiers collided with a
freight train. Fifteen soldiers and one
trainman were killed and more than
sixty injured, twelve dangerously so. The
colonel in command was among the lat
ter.
Effects Fumigated and Each
Is Given a Bath in
Disinfectants.
Inspector Bermingham Hears
Evidence in the Scott-
Canty Fight.
Demonstrations at Udine
for King and Queen Are
Discontinued.
Says St. Louis Fair Will Be
Opened on Time and
Exhibits Ready.
Mining County Newspapers
Strike Back at the
Boy cotters.
Peru's Passengers Are
Allowed to Land at
Mail Dock.
Lively Battle on Board
the Bark Gerard^
C. Tobey.
Minister to Argentina
Hopes to Estab
lish More Trade.
Fifteen Italian Soldiers
Are Killed in a
Collision.
Quicksilver Holds Proud
Place in Minerals
of the State.
RELEASED FROM
ANGEL ISLAND
DID THE CAPTAIN
BITE HIS MATE?
BARBETT TALKS
ABOUT COMMERCE
FESTIVITIES CUT
SHORT BY WRECK
YALE'S FIGURES
ALMOST READY
THE SAN FRAK CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 29, 1903. '
7
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND 8SES£
MATINEE TO-DAY
Last Night of the Season
STANFORD UNIVERSITY NIGHT
BA-JTMOWD AXtD CAVEBLT
' And Our Superb Eastern Company In
IN HARVARD
PRICES 25c, 50c. 73c
Commencing To-Morrow Night
POLLARD LILLIPUTIAN GO.
IN THE
BELLE OF NEW YORK
SEATS NOW SELLING.
Prices 15c, 25c. 50c. 75c
Katunlay and Sunday Matinees... .16c, 25c, 50c
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY), An*. 29.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, any part exceot reserved, 10c.
KEOUGH and BALLARD
Presenting: "A VAUDEVILLE SURPRISE;"
The Pleury Trio; Sam Edwards and
Company and Larkins and Patter-
son. Last times of Boberti and
Billoski; Bosie Bendel; John Le
Clair; Heeley and Meely and Lew
Hawkins.
V U la U l¥i Ed 1 *f4 LEADING 1 HEAi?I
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
HENRY MILLER
MARGARET ANGLIN
In Richard Harding Davis' Comedy.
THE TAMING OF HELEN.
Next Week— H«nry Miller and Margaret Anglla
is aa entirely new version of
CAMILLB
MATINEES WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY.
SEATS NOW SELLING.
TIV0LI'£5&
THIS AFTERNOON. TO-NIGHT AND SUN-
DAY NIGHT.
C/*;viH-L« D'ARVILLB
And the Entire Tivoli Company in De Koven'a
Masterpiece,
THE HIGHWAYMAN.
The Last Chance to See the Hit of the Comlo
Opera Season.
GRAND OPERA SEASON 0PI5S NEXT WEES.
Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday
Evening*.
Tuesday, Thursday, Sunday Evenings, Satur-
day Matinee.
LUCIA Dl LA/WmERMOOR
BEATS ABE NOW ON SALE!
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c, 75c.
Telephone Bush 9.
•^¦^ bk^j Proprietors, j
.Market Street, Near Eighth— Phone South 833.
TO-NIGHT— TWO LAST NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
Sumptuous Production of Alexander Dumas'
Masterpiece,
"CA1VS!LLL M
EUGENIA THAIS LAWTON as CAMILLE.
HERSCHEL MAYALL as ARMAND DUVAL.
And Brilliant Supporting Company.
DD1PCC Evenings 10c to 5Oc
ilutCO Matinees ...10c. 15c, 25o
Monday, August 31— "THE GREAT RUBY."
Have You Heard the News?
10,000 People Crowded the House In Five
Performances This Week.
1" "QUO VASS ISS" and
-THE BIG LITTLE PRINCESS"
Too Funny to Miss.
Our "All-Star" Cast. Including
KOLB AND DILL. -
BARNEY BERNARD.
WINFIELD BLAKE.
HARRY IIERMSEN.
MAUDE AMBER.
ELEANOR JENKINS.
ETC.. ETC.. ETC.
RESERVED SEATS— Nights. 25c. 50c and
75c; Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 25c ant
5Oc; Children at Matinees. 10c and 25c.
Wait Until You See the Next Bill.
Symphony Concerts.
FRITZ SCHEEL, HI
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
Auspices S. F. Symphony Society.
Concerts Every TUESDAY at 3:15 p. ra.
Until October 8.
All Tickets Good for the Tuesdays of the
Week They Are Dated.
Prices of Seats— 60c. $1 00. $1 25. $1 80.
Seats on sate at Sherman A Clay's.
TWO POPULAR CONCERTS
FRITZ SCHEEL and S. F. SYMPHONY
ORCHESTRA.
MECHANICS' PAVILION
Labor Day. September 7, 3 p. ra. ; Admission
Day, Sept. 9, 3 p. m.
POPULAR PRICES. POPULAR MUSIC.
Seats on Sale at Sherman & Clay's. Prices—
25c. 50c. 75c
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
LYRIC HALL
Charles Frohman Presents
...EVERYMAN...
the XV Century Morality Play.
Evenings — Commencing Wed., Sept. 2, at 8:30.
Afternoons — Thursday and Saturday at 3.
Reserved Seats.., ....12. $1 50 aad $1
At Sherman, Clay ft Co.'s. Now oa sal*.
.AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA'S GREAT 4GR/CULTUML,
Horticultural, g? livestock
_ ir Exposition*
(WO VyKKS°f RUNNING & ffARNKJ f
tvl-L'i „ /irrifH Free > \h -i
Wabits \£l rim D r^tes to Visitor^
% life. s ,c R am E nto: caT '
AMUSEMENTS. * •
Ingleside
Coursing-
Park.
Jl * *
ujpCll jJldflv •
And 44 CONSOLATION STAKE *
SATURDAY and SUNDAY .
Aug. 29 and 30.
First run-down on Saturday, beginning at
11 a. m. sharp. Sunday coursing will begin at
10:30 sharp and continue till last winning fla*
goes up.
TOTAL PRIZES--$960:00
All Mission-street cars transfer to Guerrero .
cars, which go direct to park. .
THOMAS TIERNET. 'Judge.
EDWARD SHOR3TAO. Sllppac *
fAbirORNT/P
5 ¦ To-nigftt- Last Tirna of P?pl
v "SHENAIMDOArt" V 1
„ -. By the Universally Acknowl> _ _ .
(O edged Greatest Stock (Q
' Company in America.
j50 NEILL-M0R03C0 C0XPAK7. j5O
2J5l Special Matinee To-day. £J)
"Mrs. Dane's Defense." ¦ *
SM Al.*o To-morrow Night and IBSBi
111 Every Night Next WSfek. A,,
IH-EATRU
alcazaSSSt .
Q«n. Mgr. • .
TO-NIGHT™MATINEE TC-DAY/
....EXTRA MATINEE SUNDAY....
Greatest of Rural Comedies. . '
THE DAIRY FARM :
"It is delightful, and every one able to secure '
seats is fortunate." — The News l*tt«r. .
TOUR OPENS SAX DIEGO. SEPT. T.
Evs;.. 25c to 75c; Matinees. 15o to'Bflc ;
NEXT MONDAY— Special Season of
FLORENCE ROBERTS
la THE UNWELCOME MRS. HATCH.
First T1m« In San Francisco.
SEATS NOW SELLING. . *
— —
Five Baby Lions in the Zoo. '
A GREAT SHOW EVERT AFTERNOON
AND EVENING IN THE THEATSR.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT." ¦
SEE THE CHINESE BABY * .
IN THE INFANT INCUBATOR.
VISIT THE f
"MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE".
ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN. 5c.
When Phoning Ask for THE CHUTKS.
_ _ ¦
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECREATION PARK.
EIGHTH AND HARRISON—
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAT AND FIUDAY. 3:30 P. M.: SAT-
URDAY. 3:00 P. M.
SUNDAY - • 2:30 P. M.
OAKLAND vs. SAN FRANCISCO.
LADIES' DAYS THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
Advance Sals. 5 Stockton St.
LECTTJBES ANT> CONCITOTS.
TO-DAY
Reserve your seats from 1 to 5 p. o. tad
from 7 p. m Sunday at Box Office.
STI=.ilN\A//\Y HALL.
jBB/SGir •"^•Slll " Tne Marronl of th*
How toRnd Thought.
M ' Tickets. 23c.* 50c. 73c.
MtrCtil $1.00 per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Few people know the
comfort and beauty of
perfect natural skin.
Have you used Pears'
soap ? - %
Sold all orer the world.
BEERS
The Highest Priced but
the Best Quality.
60LD £VE&YWHER£ r
HILBERT MERCANTILE CO..
Pacific Coast Agents.
PfliflrP DON'T FAIL TO
1 aiaWW gce the beautiful
4 COURT Lounging
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
auu PARLOR, the
r> ± PALM ROOM, the
llf/ssid LOUIS XV PAR-
UlUlftU LQR and the LA-
U j. 1 DIES' WRITING
Hotels I £q qm
EVERY WOMAN
, . is interested and should know
J £*C?SS?!V about the wonderful
MADIfCI whirling
«»fA RlflHwtL SPKAY
J^wSKaswift 1 be new ?«tinal Syrinre.
WMLsaV\\iSm|I Injection and Suction.
»VI«W8Hm Best-Safest-Most Con-
W?!^MS»^L venient. ItCleansei
Instantly
Askyoardranhtforit. ?\ fasr^?^^^^"
If h* cannot supply th« \fflnf
MARVKI* «ccept no >fc, >T^5r -
other, but »end stamp for fllus- g ''Sg^V
tnted hook— SOaled. It g!v«s full \U, M •¦¦/»
partlcuUn and oiretticn* Invilutblo K' f ¦. la
to ladle- MABVKIi CO..
Boom 108. Tim— Bdg.. New Tork.
EVmBLAiOftfffiANTED
mO&S^M MEN AND WOMEN.
jtrjffl&jFfrcmEgreagJ UsoBlfG for unnatural
aSSrim 1 u 1 4arCUSl diicharges.inflanimstloni,
AW GaV.ite.i tt lrriUtiom or ulceraticai
Wmi n*t u itrtotart. of mucom membranes.
sfr 1 mn*u CmtafUa. Painlen. and not utrin*
RSlTKEEVMSCHEMICAlCfl. «»nt or polnonous.
VflDL C1KC1KHAT1.0.BBB SoW by Drn|IlllUl
C.a.4. TSBr or sent in plain wrapper,
m circular i«st oa rtautit.TENNIS CHAMPIONSHIP TOURNAMENT ATTRACTS CRACK PLAYERS OF STATE
WHEATLAND, Aug. 28.— The 1903 crop of
the Yuba County hops Is nearly harvested. Thm
crop. Is light, but of an excellent quality, and
the outlook la promising for good prices. Trnrif
sales have already been mads.
Chinese Gambler Gains a Point.
The'demurrer to the petition of Ah Sing
for a writ of prohibition restraining Judge
Conlan from proceeding with his trial on
a charge of violating the gambling ordi
nance was overruled by Judge Sloss yes
terday and the case set for trial next Fri
day. An answer to the petition of Ah
Sing was filed by the District Attorney.
It contains a general denial of the facts
set forth in the petition of the Chinese.
Card Sharpers Convicted.
Guy St. Claire and J. O'Brien were con
victed by Police Judge Mogan yesterday
on a charge of petty larceny . and will
be sentenced on Monday. They tricked
P.. S. Croops. a visitor from Merced, out
of $6 50 and a silver, watch at the ocean
trea^ JaatyTuggflay la a card gam.» • .-^
Robert Bowman, receiving clerk in the
office of the San Francisco Gas and Elec
tric Light Company, 415 Post street, se
cured a warrant from Police Judge Mo
gan yesterday for the arrest on a charge
of petty larceny of "Jane Doe" La Sere",
who has a candy store at 24 Hayes street.
He said Mrs. La Sere called at the office
yesterday morning to pay her gas bill.
She protested that It was exorbitant, but
placed the money on the counter. When
Bowman handed her the receipt she took
it and also the money, and walked out of
the office. She was arrested yesterday
afternoon and gave the name of Leneta
Trevlus.
New Way to Pay Gas BUI.
The coursing at Ingleslde Park to-day
will commence at 11 o'clock, when the
first brace of dog» in the open stake will
go to the slips. The losers will meet this
afternoon In a consolation number. Tha
total prize money is $332 50. The likely
winners look to be: ,
Homer Boy. Sylvan. Bonnie Hugh!*. Im
perious. Little Mercy. Royal Friend. Belfast.
Mount Rose. Harlran Gladys, Equator. Beluga.
Bob H. Full Moon. Half Moon. Lulu Girl. Kit
tleman. Young Fearless. HadJtnuto::. Pasha
Pleasant. Moonbeam. J. C. Hernan. Luxury.
Terah. Black Coon. Little Plunger. P»pr*r
Jack. Pure Pearl. Shadow. Medley. Mollto Me.
Ragtime, Thetla, Roy Hugh!?, Melro«e, Pre
sidio Boy. Yellowtall.. Flytng Fox. Rnck and
Rye. EastUke, Donneybrook. Sofala, Cascade,
Minnie Sankey and San Juan.
Pedro. Recklesa Acrobat. Ragged Actor. Tralco
Boy. Liberator. Cloverdale. Fair Oaks. Alzy
McDonald, Irvtngtcn Tralee, Golden LJXht.
Ruby Sankey. Fontenoy, Adonis. Rural Artist.
Lord Oof!. Maid of th» Glen. Reno. Haphazard.
Red Rock. Belle Free. Otto. Royal Archer.
Reta S, Flaunt. Flytng Pasha. Thelma, Master
Rocket, Old hrcr.sldes and Piker.
Membership — F. Koch (chairman). Pal»
thorpe of St. Matthews. Young of Berkeley.
President Gould, the newly elected head
of the Academic Athletic League, has
announced the appointment of the fol
lowing committees:
Field day — Al Norton (chairman). Fred
Koch. P Magerstadt.
Basket ball — P. Magerstadt (chairman).
Reezea of Alameda High. Clifford of San Ra
fael.
Records — Tharsing of Healdsburg (chair
man), N. Titus.' Baker of Uklah.
Academic League Committees.
"Besides these games we will have the
Reliance team, which promises to be un
usually strong this year.
"The big game will be played In San
Francisco. By an agreement the two uni
versities decided to hold the contests on
the respective campuses after 1904, but I
doubt whether they will ever stick to it
It would cost $20,000 to put the Berkeley
grounds into shape and that would more
than. eat up the . profits .for one year."
James Whipple will coach the California
team this year. No one has b?en selected
to assist him in the work up to the pres
ent time." .-.:..,
A big hole was torn In the eleven that
went against Stanford last year, but there
are enough of the former team left to
make it Interesting. "Little Mini," "Ox"
Albcrtson and "Bob" Sherman will be
missed, but there will bo such familiar
faces as Ben Stroud, center; Reno Demer-
Itt, end; Samuel Stow, guard; Overall,
guard; Heine Heltmuller, tackle, and
Harry Howard, guard, to remind the en
thusiast of battles past and gone.
To fill in the gaps caused by the gradu
ation of the great guns of the football
fort there will be such players as Cogan,
Belknap, Gillls, who played on last year's
freshman team, Rlsley, Muther, Force,
More, Clark, Sabin, Mlddleton and Hud
son, who played last year, but did not
make the intercollegiate team.
"We look forward to having just as
good a team this year as last," said Man
ager Decoto yesterday. "There's enough
material to make two good teams. The
men will go Into training a little earlier
this year than usual. They will have more
practice, too, for we have games sched
uled with the University of Oregon and
the University of Nevada. Warren ("Lo
comotive") Smith Is coaching the Orego
nlans. When they come we will play them
on the Berkeley campus. )
about the team they will send
against Stanford University and the
other teams. California is, apparently, to
have a crackajack eleven this year. Grad
uate Manager Ezra Decoto believes that
with all the tried material on hand It will
be an easy Job to overcome the cardinal
eleven. So also believes Captain "Ovie"
Overall, the hero of last year's game.
NOW that the college has reopened tne
football men of the University of
California are beginning to think
', First- round — Ml»s Hazel Hotchkiss (owe 15)
vs. Miss Dorothy Mllla (13 3-6); Mls» Lulu
Wegener (scratch) vs. ..Miss I. Mearns (30) •
Miss Ethel Batcllffe (owe. IS) vs. Miss Maud
Varney (scratch): Miss Vera Beyfuss (30) a
bye. - •¦ " > ' : :¦¦¦:¦¦¦•'
Lower half — Miss Emma Hunter (owe 15) vs
Miss Miriam Edwards (owe 15); Miss Dorothy
Weed (15 8-6) vs. Miss Anita Beyfuss (15);
Miss Alma Lea (15 3-6) vs. Miss ¦ A. Nay lor
(15): Miss V. Crocker (15 3-0) vs. Miss v
TownetfO), _____ - - — Z^j.
The second open handicap singles tour
nament for the Jackman cup will be com
peted' for by the women players on the
park courts to-day. Play will begin
promptly at 8:30 o'clock. Seventeen wom
en entered and some clever tennis" Is ex
pected. Miss Miriam Edwards, the holder,
will play. She will be placed "15" back of
scratch. ' Miss Hazel Hotchkiss, Miss
Ethel Ratcliffe and Miss Emma Hunter
will also play from this mark.
The handlcapper has been rather lib
eral, and if some of the poorer players do
not win it wlll.be their own fault. Miss
Anita Beyfuss on the "15" mark looks
dangerous. Miss Hunter and Miss Ed
wards drew together in the first round.
This will probably be the .best match of
the^tournament. In their last meeting
Miss Hunter came within an ace of win
ning. The drawing is as follows:
. Preliminary round — Miss H. Xaylor (30) vs.
Miss. Anna Alberger- (15).. .
mined by the Interstate Coursing
Club the eastern officials can arrange
their circuit meetings without further
delay.
They have been awaiting the action of
the Californlans to the end that the dates
of the big annual fixtures on the coursing
calendar would not conflict. While only a
small representation of greyhounds wiil
go from here to Waterloo and other
meetings, a large number of Eastern
hounds are expected to come to this
coast. P. J. Rcilly of this city has ac
cepted the invitation. to Judge throughout
the Eastern circuit. Efforts are also be
ing made to secure the services of James
she has played them some close matches.
The plan to bring out some crack East
ern players to participate In the men's
tournaments fell through. Had it been
thought of sooner the men could have
been brought out easily.
WITH the date of the California
Coursing Futurity and of the John
Grace Challenge cup finally deter-
- An interesting match game of lacrosse
will be played to-morrow afternoon on
the National baseball grounds, Ninth and
Bryant streets. The affair is for the bene
fit of Samuel Shear, an old volunteer fire
man, and is under the auspices of the
California Lacrosse Association. Play
will commence at 2:30 p. m. The team
will line up as follows:
Tecumseh. Ilurons.
W. H. Gossip Goal T. Lynch
TVtn. Denn Point C. Mlnto
R. Lyons Cover W. B. Judge
J. Williamson ...Defense ' J. Crllly
W. T. ScoQeld... Defense C. Darragh
C. Renwlck Defense J. C. Bartlett
H. G. Beck with.. Center F. Minto
II. Coutts Home E. Peterson
A. S. Theberge. . .Home F. Burden
O. Williams OtitKlde F. Beardmore
"W. G. Lyons Inside J. J. Brennan
\Vm. Blackwell .Field capt'n.Dr. McXaughtn
Lacrosse Teams in Match Game.
Blue and Gold Adherents
Are Jubilant Over Bright
Prospects of Their Eleven
FOOTBALL TEAMS
ARE LINING UP
FOR PRACTICE
Classical Events Both East
and West Will Attract
Fleetest Dogs in America
LEASHMEN READY
FOR BIG SEASON
ON THE SWARD
Grace as slipper. The latter has no equal
In this department of the game.
From the interest displayed during the
week at the meetings of the Interstate
Club and the San Francisco Coursing
Club and from reports from the East it
is evident coursing is again on the up
grade. Greyhounds are In great demand,
the supply of running dogs being inade
quate at the present time to satisfy the
demands. There was a lull In breeding
for a time, the effect of which is now
being felt. With so many parks In ope
ration dogs which can win are much
sought after. I
At the last meeting of the California
Coursing Committee the members dis
cussed, informally, the matter of hold
ing a big plains meeting under the joint
auspices of the clubs throughout the
State. With their co-operation a large
purse could be raised and the meeting
would be a memorable one. A liberal bid
is expected from Fresno, where the meet
was held last year. The coursing men
believe this the best available place, as
the ground is gocd, hares are plentiful
and excellent hotel accommodations can
be secured. With the two clubs In this
city acting in conjunction with the Los
Angeles, Stockton, Fresno, San Jose and
Sacramento clubs, the former glories of
the plains meeting would be revived. The
meeting would De held after the first
heavy rainfall of the season, when the
ground would be at its best,,
One of the important matters to be de
cided at the forthcoming meeting of the
American Coursing Board will be the
election of the keeper of the stud book to
succeed George MacE. Malcolm, who has
filled the position for three years. Peer
Tiffany of this city, who succeeded Mr.
Malcolm as secretary of the California
Coursing Committe, is the most promi
nent candidate for the place. AH the rec
ords from which the book must be com
piled are In his ofllce and he Is thorough
ly familiar with the work. The election
will be held at Oklahoma City on the
night preceding the running of the Amer
ican Waterloo.
E. Preston has taken a string of grey
hounds to Los Angeles, including Miss
Brummel, Prompto, Flower of Gold,
Golden Garter, Royal Spirit, Bright For
tune and Real Pasha. , .
E. M. Kellogg - of Gilmore City. Iowa,
has shipped three greyhounds to J. C.
Jackson of this city. As he has been rep
resented here : by. great dogs in the past
much is expected of these.
Trainer "Sol" 8pencer, who was with
Frank McComb.and A. R. Curtis, has
gone to Texas to take charge of the ken
nel of Cecil Lyon. He will make the
rounds of the Eastern circuit and win
then bring the best of his string to this
coast.
Frank McComb has sold Otto and Firm
Fellow to George S. Perry.
The coursing at Union Park to-mor
row will commence upon the. arrival of
the 10:15 a. m. train. A 64-dog reserve
stake makes up the card. The likely win
ners look to be: .
Boiwio Pasha, Cluster. Firm . Fellow, Den
The tournament committee which has
the events in charge is composed of W. B.
Collier Jr., S. C. Gayness, Homer Hotch
kiss, Alexander Beyfuss and Grant Smith.
R. N. Whitney will act as referee.
The entries will- close promptly at 4 p.
m. to-day, after which hour no name will
be received. Owing to the difficulty en
countered In the last tournament through
the carelesa methods of the committee the
rules will be adhered to strictly. The
drawings for all the events except the
mixed doubles will be held at the Califor
nia Club grounds this afternoon at 5
o'clock. Besides the challenge ; cups two
prizes will be offered for each event.
It is expected that few teams will enter
the men's doubles. ' MaeGavin and Smith
are considered : the most likely winners.
Probably the best match of the meet will
be between this team and Freeman and
Bell, the coast champions. Last year they
played a mosi exciting five-set match.
In singles there will be quite a large en
try, but good players will be rather
scarce. As in the doubles, the most likely
candidate^ for singles honors .- are v. Bell,
MaeGavin and Smith. MaeGavin is some
what off in his game,. due: to a rack of
practice. It Is expected he will get enough
playing before I the singles commence to
put him in good shape. Collier, Murdock
and Mitchell are also strong candidates
and will no doubt work well up-lnto ,the
tournament. Murdock has been practic
ing hard, and if at his best will -be a dan.
gerous competitor, v; -,
In the women's events the Suttons will
again carry off the honors. The strongest
local player is Miss Miriam Edwards, the
State champion, but she can hardly hope
to beat even; the poorest of the Suttons.
Miss Dobbins ;is the best player 'outside
of the famous; sisters, but she has never
been able to beat any o{ them, al though
The challenge match In men's doubles
will be played Saturday afternoon, and
the women's match Saturday morning.
The challenge matches In singles will be
played Wednesday, the 9th. The men's Is
set for the afternoon and the women's for
the morning.
The present champions who / will be
called upon to defend their titles are:
Lewis R. Freeman, men's singles; L. R.
Freeman and A. E. Bell, men's doubles;
Miss May Button, women's singles; Misses
May and Violet Button, women's doubles;
Mies Dobbins and A. E. Bell, mixed
doubles.
The opening event will be the men's
doubles, which will begin at 10:S0 o'clock
Monday morning. Tuesday the women's
singles will commence. Wednesday and
Thursday will be devoted to the men's
singles and Friday to the women's
doubles. N6 date has been fixed for the
mixed doubles. It will be played at the
convenience of the committee, the time to
be announced on the courts.
THE sixteenth annual tennis tourna
ment for the championship of the
coast will commence on Monday at
San Rafael. All of the prominent
players, as well as most of the lower
class men, will compete. .
s'o to the serious expense of having one
designed and built. In the 44-foot class
ti>e Corinthians have T. Jennings' sloop
i : peedwell, aralnst which the San Fran
cisco Club could set no worthy competi r
tor. Both these boats are comfortable
cruising yachts, with plenty of room for
sleeping and living purposes. The Corin
thians chose the sportsmanlike course of
challenging In the c'.ass In which the
trophy was taken from them. Whatever
the standing of the Corinthian with re
gard to the Macdonough cups may be,
she will at least furnish the yachtsmen
•with an lnterestine race and with mate
rial for much comment and discussion.
I TRIO OF TENNIS PLAYERS WHO WILL REPRESENT NORTHERN CALIFORNIA IN COAST CHAMPIONSHIPS.
Oakland will not b« ao easy In the fu
ture. "With Devereaux back In the gama
again the Cripples have a fast and com
petent infield. Just as high grade as any
other In the league. Then the outfield is
away above the average, and now, with
the new battery. Johnson and Hillebrand.
Peter Lohman has succeeded In gettlnff
together a combination of talent that wili
make them all hustle some.
Messerly has Improved wonderfully la
his hitting during the past two weeks.
He ranks with any player on the Oakland
team and is getting his two hits a gams
richt along. If he keeps this up for
about a month longer no one will miss
Brashear, for the new man is certainly
outfieldlng his predecessor at first base.
Spec Hurlburt Is still on the lookout
for a Job, but so far his efforts to land
have been of no avail. Spec was hustled
out of his berth on the Portland team
suddenly and may have to rest for tha
balar.ee of the season. ' There are a num
ber of ball players around town ready to
play ball any place and for almost an/
old salary that is offered him.
Los Angeles has plenty of men to spar«
and if any member of the team gets
disabled there Is generally another on*
left to take his place. Consequently Mor
ley's followers go right ahead and win
games. They are always in condition t»
give battle to any team they happen to
go up against.
By the way the home team has been
playing in thp past few games it will not
bother the Orange Growers to any de
gree. Uncle's team has not been hitting
at all and without the aid of pood ba.«»
hits no ball team ever won a pennant or
even figured seriously in a pennant race.
Then again the team Is crippled at
present— badly crippled. Only threo
twlrlers are left to do .the entire team's
pitching. Just now the club needs every
pitcher it can secure. Jimmy TVhalen
was winning about 75 per cent of Uncle's
games. >fow he Is in th© hospital class,
and according to dope the home team
will not be so high up in the percentage
column in ten days or more.
time they have a lead of 100 points
more or less over laeir nearest rivaU,
the San Franciscos. To be sure then*
are three months to run yet before the
season draws to a close, but something
must happen quickly or the Southerners
will have the little piece of cloth cor»
raled.
AS the days go by the Angels ar«
steadily climbing higher In the pen
nant chase, until at the present
Uncle's Crippled Pitching
Staff Will Be Easy for
Batters of Hostile Clubs
The Corinthian? feel the Perpetual cup
was won from them by a boat of a type
superior for racing purposes to any of
the boat* in the bay. and that the only
way to set the coveted trophy back is
10 build a racing machine. It would have
been quite simple for the Corinthians to
make almost certain of winning the cup
by challenging, with the sloop Harpoon,
designed by F. R. Cook, and which has
proved a fast sailer in many races. The
Ban Francisco Tacht Club has no boat
In the 56-foot class that would have any
cfc&nce 4rttb the Harpoon, and would not
J. M. Macdonough, the generous donor
cf the Macdonough cups for several years,
while recently in the city had a long
conversation on yachting matters with
A. M. Clay. He frankly expressed his
disapproval of the construction of such
craft a« the Corinthian for use on x the
San Francisco Bay. and expressed a de-
Fire that che should not be permitted to
contend for his trophy in the 30-foot or
any other class. He does not think such
a craft is, wholesome, being a freak meant
merely for racing, and not a real boat.
To compare small things with great.
the Corinthians found themselves in
much the same position as Herreshoff
with regard to the America's cup race.
That great designer had expended all his
inventiveness and ingenuity on the Co
lumbia, which turned out so great a sue
t-ess that she was twice chosen to defend
the international trophy. It was hardly
possible for him to go further in - the
direction of designing a boat of the Co
lumMa type, and it would have been use
less Co build a second Columbia. In the
Reliance he etruck out in a new direc
tion and with brilliant results. Similarly,
the Corinthians dJd not care to build a
boat of Just the same type as the eloop
Challenger, which was designed ;by
Crownlnshield of Boston. It was almost
I'^cessary for them to construct a boat
on a different plan. The Corinthian, as
i-he will be named, is of an extreme type,
being a mere racine machine. She has
enormous overhangs fore and aft, a shal
low floor, great beam and no bowsprit.
Tit; deed of gift of the -Perpetual Chal
le»,*e cup requires that the vessels con
tending fer the trophy shall be "cabin
yachts." Hfcfe is likely to arise a ques
tion as to Just what a "cabin yacht" is.
It naturally seems to mean a boat hav
ing adequate and somewhat comfortable
sleeping accommodation. The sloop Chal
lenger has a low deckhouse, but her cabin,
except that it docs not afford much head
room, actually furnishes accommodations
for four or five men. She has made sev
eral trips up the Sacramento River.
All the internal space of the sloop Chal
lenger is available for living purposes as
her finked is sustained by her hull. The
Corinthian, however, will not have a hull
capable of holding up her heavily weight
ed centerboard. which will be supported
by a ste*>'. truss. This truss was made
in the Eastern States and brought out
to San Francisco in pieces, to be put to
gether here. The strike among the steel
workers of the East caused several weeks'
delay in its arrival and really caused the
postponement of this year'B race for the
cup. When the truss is In place It will
cumber up the interior of the vacht so
there will be no accommodation for her
master and crew.
chor for the night. The San Fran
cisco and California clubs have nothing
on their schedules for to-nisht, but to
morrow the combined fleets of the three
clubs will cruise to the Heads and will
go outside for some distance. The tide
serves favorably for an ocean sail, al
though it is an event usually not much
liked by the owners of small yachts, as
the Ions swells are somewhat trying. •
As the deed of gift of the San Fran
cisco Perpetual Challenge cup requires
that the race for tne trophy tak© place
r.ot later than September 30 In any year,
and not sooner than thirty days after
the challenge has been received by the
holders. It is evident there will be no
cup race in these waters during the pres
ent season. Even if the new challenger
being buiit by the Corinthian Yacht Club
were ready to eail to-day the time for
tuning her up and getting her in trim
would be all too short. It is probable,
however, the race will take place about
midsummer of next year, when the winds
are strongest and truest.
Boats of Corinthian, San
Francisco and California
Clubs Combine for a Day
SEVERAL yachts of the Corinthian
fleet will cruise to Sausalito this
evening, where they will drop an-
OUTSIDE CRUISE
IS PLANNED BY
THE YACHTSMEN
SOUTHERN TEAM
IS INCREASING
* ITS LEAD DAILY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi,^ SATURDAY, AUGUST 29, 1903.
8BOSTON, Aug. 28.— Poolselling was
stopped at the Readville racetrack to-day
by the police. Summary:
2:19 class, pacing, purse $1000, best two In
three — Albock won two straight heats in 2:08%,
2:11%. C. O. D., Daybrook, Kthel Mac, Cotil
lion. Jim Kyle and Beraette also started.
2:C8 class, trotting, puree J2000, best two in
three — Prince of Orange won two straight heats
in 2:09. 2:08%. Dan T, Fereno, Dulce Cor,
and Baron, da Shay also started.
2:13 class, pacing, puree 11000, best two in
three — Major C won the second and third heats
In 2:0714. 2:08.' Frank Wilson won the first
heat in 2:05 3-5. Sarwa, Kiowa, Hale B,
Alvin It and Midway also started.
2:15 class, trotting, purse $1000, best two In
three — Dillon Boy won two straight heats in
2:12. 2:10«i. Rowell Allen. Fred H McClung.
Ben H, Prince Greenlander and Debut also
started. Allen and McClung divided second
and third money.
Racing at The Meadows.
SEATTLE. Wash.. Aug. 28.— Following ia a
summary of to-day's racing at the Meadowo:
2:10 pace — Won by Martha D In two straight
heats. Sam Bowers and L« Rol divided isec
ond and third money. Best time. 2:12%.
Four furlongrs — Classis won, BIk Dutch sec
ond. Mlm Nellie third. Timo. :48H.
Six furlongs — Headetrong won. Bicycle sec
ond. Lord Eldred third. Time, 1:15%.
One and an eighth miles — Admetus won 'As
tessment second Invictua third. Time, 1:'B5V6.
Six furlongs — Bassenzo won. Reciprocity sec
ond. Claudator third. Time. 1:15ft.
One mile — Frank Pearce won. Mountebank
second. Miss Vera third. /Time. 1:41»4.
Coney Island.
At ocean beach, below the Cliff House,
Sunday, August" 30, thrilling parachute
leap by the most, daring aerialist in the
aeronautical world. Mile. Aneti, from her
monster airahip Queen Lll. Big vaudeville
show, grand concert, many new midway
attractions. •
; It's awfuly exasperating the way a shirt
waist looks as if it were going to tell
everything, but stops off right at the most
interesting part
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Antolee, Safeguard,
Lady Matchless.
Second race — Morando, Oliver Me,
Paulaker.
Third race — Judge Himes, Siddons,
Bondage.
Fourth race — Bard Burns, O'Hagen,
Moabina. _
Fifth race — Skilful, Brulare, Orfeo.
Sixth race— Peter Paul, Nannie
Hodge, Elwood.
CHICAGO, Aug. 2S-— Hawthorne entries:
First race, eeven furlongs, selling— Banish
111, Sea Lion 110, Pomnlno 107. Safeguard
102. Lola L 102. Antolee 100, Emma A M 100.
Little Mission 98, Lady Matchless 03, Jet OS,
Maraselle 03.
Second race, steeplechase, short course, han
dicap — Indian II 150, Imperialist 145, Paulaker
140, Moranda 108, Oliver Mac 136. De Blaise
1S5.
Third race, two miles, the Endurance stakes
— Slddcns 113, Barrack 107, Curate 07, Judge
Himes !i5. Bondave Ul.
Fourth race, seven furlonrs. Belling"—Fleu
rcn 111. Fake 110, Prince Blazes 107. O'Hagen
107. Bab 107. Bard Burns 105. Censor 105,
Lord Melbourne 1CKJ, Moabina 102, Haydoa »5.
Fifth race. «ix furlong's — Joe Martin 112,
Handloy Cross 109, Howendobler 109, Brulare
107, EkiUul 105. Mindora 105. Orfeo 102. Lu
rallghter 100.
Elxth race, five furlongs — Peter Paul 118,
Nannfe Hodge 113, El wood 106, Blumenthal
101. Banwell 100. Our Chap B5.
Weather clear; track heavy.
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE — One mile, purse: -
Benin*. Horae. Weight. Jockey. St. «. Fin.
4 to 5 — Anck*. 105 (Otis) 5 1 1 1U,
1« to 1— Fair Lady Anna. 9S (Rob
bins) 2 2 2 h
8 to 5— Brush By. 102 (Wilson)... 3 3 3 4
Time 1:46. Start good. Won easily. Wln
ror, L. S. Eire's ch. t. by Locohatchee-Harlem.
Christine A 102, Sailor's Dream 100, Sherry
Id also ran.
Time 1 :52 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, J. W. Pugh's ch. g. by Fonso-Lucanta..
Dodie S 08. Moor 102. Pat Morrl?sey 107, Bar
rica 100, Oreenock 105, Lou Woods 105, Gra
cious 100. Urchin 107. Ida V 105, Charlie Graln
gor 100, Give All 107 also ran.
FIFTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles,
wlllnz:
Betttny. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
4 to 5 — Frmsoluca. 102 (Wilson)... 1 4 1 h
« to 1 — O'Hapen. 105 (Otis) 3 2 2 6
9 to 2 — Camr.bPll, 104 (Phillips)... 8 0 3 1
Time 1 :02 4-5. Start good. Won ftarily.
Winner. Mrs. II. Bradley's br. K. by Aloha-
Err.Snence. Katie Powers 103, MUs Coughlln
IU3, Plautus Ktt, King Ellsworth 106, Oudon
US also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Five furlongs, purse:
BetttBff. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin
Even— Peter Paul. 115 (Phillips). 1111
.1 to 2— Witchcraft. 112 (Wilson).. 2 4 2 6
8 to 1 — O'Neill. 1U'< (Robbins) 5 5 32
Time 1:5S. Start pood. Won easily. Win
ner C. E. Mahone's b. m. by Loantaka-Viru
lent. Rankin K2, l>utch Carter 92 also ran. .
"
THIRD RACE — One mile, handicap:
Kettlr.sr. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «4. Fin.
."» to 1— Louisville. !U (Knapp) 3 1 1 1%
7 to 2— By Ways. t>0 (Wilson) 5 2 2 5
U to 1 — Star Cotton. J>0 (Booker).. 4 4 3 4
SECOND RACE — Five and a halt furlongs.
Betting. Horse. Weijrht. Jockey. St. %» Tin.
7 to 1— Allista. 1C5 (Hoffler) 3 1 13.
K to 1 — Cofrnomeii, 97 (Booker)... 1 2 2 h
S to 1 — Chockayotte, 105 (Knapp). 4 4 a -
Time 1:10. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J. Mannlon'n ch. 1. by Lanjpllshter-
Marr.le Konso. Banwell 102. Glisten 100. Sol
Kmith 1C5, Sufie Christian 106. Ixmtsa Meinlnjf
105, Graneeman 100, Lawndale 105, Shaitan
W2, I'oad 107 also ran.
FIRST RACE — Six furlongs, purse:
netting. Horse.' Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
3 to 1 — Red Uaven, 109 (Davis) 2 111
10 to 1— IXin't Ask Me. 110 (FT'll)Kl 10 2 1
12 to 1— The^ Meteor. 108 (Adkins).12 4 3 1%
Time 1:18 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, Woodford & Buckner's ch. g. by Fly
ir.g l>utchman-Ellzabeth H. Pompcy 112,
Hrlmful 105. Fullback 115. Ebb Kcggr 1CS,
Catherine Chinn 110. Dumndel 105, Snowdrift
Il<\ Boundary 105. Tabellarius 105. Grayvillo
103, Chief Aloha 105, Feed Bill 113 also ran.
of cheap horses. and the sport was
dull and uninteresting. Probably the best
race was the third, a handicap at one and
one-eighth miles, and was won by Lou's
ville. Her fondness for the mud was well
known and the -books lost heavily by her
victory. The track was sloppy, the
weather rainy and the attendance small.
The track was cut off from the rest of
the world so far as telegraphic communi
cation is concerned. President FitzgeraM
of the Racing Association notified the tel
t graph companies this morning to discon
tinue their wire connections with the
track indefinitely. He stated he did not
want any report of the odds or running of
the races to be sent out during the day,
the inference being that the dissemination
#'f such information kept down the at
tendance at the track. Summary:
PHICAGO, Aug. 28.— There wa^jio par
ticular feature to the racing tjp-day at
\J Hawthorne. The fields were made up
, Special Dispatch to The Call
Telegraph Companies Are
Notified to Discontinue
Service From the Track
This Race Proves the Best
of a Poor Card at the
Hawthorne Racecourse
SHEEPSHEAD BAY SELECTIONS.
gy New York Mornlnjr TelegTapb,
First race — Amur, Adjidaumo,
Stej> Iigh-tly.
Secsfad race — Mimon, Funny Side,
Monster.
; , Third race — Articulate, Flying
Ship, Lady Uncas.
Fourth race — Hamburg Belle,
Lerzudas, Dovecote.
Tilth, race — Conundrum, Stroller,
Vincennes.
Sixth race — Alabarch, Flying Ship,
Moon Daisy.
0 Fourth- race, rVt furlonrs. Futurity course,
The Futurity — Beldam* 116, Broomstick 127,
Au<Jie:ice 114. Kaplan 124, Delhi 127, Kohinoor
117, J-ittle Era 114. Dovecote 119. Abdell 117,
The Miauteman 122. Gettysburg 117, Phaser
117, Mercury 117, Lecnldas 123, Midshipman
117. I-hCv Amelia 114, Highball 127. Collector
Jt-snup 117. Hamburg Btile 114.
Fifth race, one mile, •elllng— Conundrum 101,
VincenntB lf>4. Dairy Green 100, Sir Pu>che
101. Wild Pirate 103, P&r« 98. The Rhymer
J06,Thorneycroft 10S, Stroller 103, Locket 88,
Hooflwink 102. <r-,:&
Elxth rar(, one and a sixteenth miles, on
turf, three-year-olds and upward — Lord Badge
li'O. Flying Ship 114. Black Huzzar 100. Colle
piajf 1 0*. Paget 98. The Hanterer 08. Alabarch
1C8, Swamplands 108. Moon Daisy 10U. Flor
ham Queen 104.
Weather clear; track fast.
NEW YORK, Auc. 2S.— Eheepehead Bay en
tries: °
Flret race, Inaucrural eteeplechaae: short
course — YaMez 155. lnfpector Stevens 150, &»\t
I'rotc-tlon US. Beau Gallant 147, Eallust 14«,
Xljudaumo 143, Amur 140. Negative 140,
liroadway 140, Suave 140. Katherine C 140,
Step Lichtly tHieaway) 1G3, Ohnet 135.
Second race, nve and a half i urkr.jr?. Fu
turity eourxs, mt\\ir\s, two-year-olds — Grenade
309, ntdrnad 9<i. Ple&nant Memories 103.*Ruby
Itinx 94. I>onne!!y KH, Pweet Tone 104, Dob
Murphy 107. KunnyFide 102, Monster 107, Tom
rod 102, Tommy Ilct 02. JMr.a. Edwards
ICnowIedre 107, Miincn 83, Entralaw 92, Mil
dred L M hi), Anna Hastinc* 83.
¦ Ttiir* race, elx furioncs of Futurity course.
fall handicap— FSylnc £hip 114, niver Pirate
JJO, 6bot Gun 10». U&dy Cncaa 100, Articulate
114, The Mutketecr 119. Himself 100, Illyria
K2. °
SHEEPSHEAD BAY ENTRIES.
race seemed at his mercy.
TJie bookmakers to-night made Ham
burg Belle and the Keene entry equal
favorites at 4 to 1. with Madden's threw
at Eixes. Broomstick coupled with Audi
ence at eights, the Whitney Etable at tens,
and the others at long prices.
Hor»«. Weight. Jockey.
BnxaasUck • 127. V^non
KSS 5« «**¦
l.oomdas 1-.;.... Barn*
Vhe Minute Man....:.: VZ1 Coohran
povecote OJ <r3S
Kohinoor i£;f£"£?. U7. '. i '. } '. '¦ '. ' McCafferty
Mercuty H"
Phaser IM Mci.ua
jSXL IM Dullman
Aumerce 114 Jenkir.8
J-ady Amelia 114 Ke-Ml
iianij.urs Bey- 114 Fu :kr
Oityfbunt... 11T Cornell
U i0.*"hirman HT "• CaHahan
Uttie Km 114 J- Mart.n
Collector Jefsup 114 creamer
The'coney Ishind Jockey Club's course
at Sheepshead Bay never becomes heavy,
a^c it is hard underneath, but a steady,
soaking rain has fallen for fwrenty-four
btfbn and the weather man promises an
other twenty-four hours of the same.
Consequently the track will be at its
worst and the Futurity chute will be
especially bad. This means almost cer
tainly: that Hamburg Belle will not start.
?Co chances are taken with Air. Haggin's
horse?.*
Delhi, coupled with the other Keene
entries, wjlll be the favorite, and deserv
edly so. He has steadily improved in
races, and, thoush beaten once by Broom
stick, Drthi suffered then at the start.
The tfro arf by Ben Brush, but the lat
ter has worked seven-eiphths in 1:26. the
tnree-quarters in 1:13, with 105 pounds up,
and wen his la 4 st race under 112 pounds on
a c slow track in 1:151-5. Still, Broomstick
is fart and sturdy, and Odoni will ride.
He will have many supporters.
Of the others A. D. Bell will carry the
Madden colors, as will The Minute Man
and Gettysburg. A. B. Bell will have
O'Scil's services, which mean much. On
a fast track the Plaudit colt won a six
furlong f print ia 1:12 4-5. John E. Madden
bougrht Gettysburg a month ago. Mad
den never kept a bad horse. Gettysburg
is by Hamburg and In his only race^'a3
tangled up through greenness, but Vas
overhauling Magistrate in the Tremont
stakes, run on a heavy track.
Highball's unexpected return to stake
form at Saratoga makes him formidable,
on paper, to Delhi.
Little Em is the outsider most tipped.
She has done well in poor company.
TV. C. Whitney's candidates are not
considered formidable. •
This is the Futurity, however, and the
great prize of the Junior racing" division.
To win that crown the millionaire turf
men prepare for years. The pick of the
great racing •stiiblishments of America
will struggle for tho J 50,000 prize. The
year has rot shown a Domino or a Ham
burg, but the evenness of Quality Is of
excellence, not mediocrity.
From a speculative side the race
promises to be excellent. Hamburg
Belle will carry the wagers of most bet
tors, if not the most money, if she
starts. Her owners and trainer have
heavily upon her, but they with
drew Waterbfy from the Suburban on
account of a dangerous track when they
Ftood to win J 100,000 on him, and the
EpVcial Dispatch to The Call.
RIEW. YORK. Aug. 2S.-Rain has
IM epoil« a Futurity which promised
I 1 to have the largest field and one of
. the most closely matched in the his
tory of the sreatart ra« for two-yeax
oWs «- the «rori<L Only nineteen colts and
llllle« are carded overnight for the stake,
wh'ch *1U be worth about $50,000 to the
winner. One-third of these may be mlss
, "^^n the saddling bell rings, for the
only char.ee to cam a premium on the
J250 It vi-UI cost to start ench of them
s.-oms* to lie in the uncertainties of a
:-5irint through mud.
Hamburg Belle, the popular favorite, is
marked '-doubtful," and Keene's entry.
Delhi Kohinoor and Dovecote, will almost
< en.air.5y be the txntir;? favorite. The en
tries, weights and probable jockeys fel
low:
Are Equal Favorites for the
Futurity Which Will Be
Worth $50,000 to Winner
Many Horses Entered Will
Not Start Owing to the
Heavy Condition of Track
HAMBURG BELLE
SHARES HONORS
WITH KEENE ENTRY
BOOKS ARE HARD
HIT BY LOUISVILLE
IN THE HANDICAP
BLUE-BLOODED YOUNG RACERS WILL CONTEST TO-DAY IN THE FUTURITY EVENT
A Maine man jds trying to teach his
dog to. talk English.
Kaiser ) Gives Great Banquet.
BERLIN, Aug. 28— Emperor William,
banqueted 10,000 civil officials and ; promi
nent-inhabitants; of the province of Hes
se-Nassau at Cassel to-day,
In the evening the carcass was relieved of
Its fur coat " and the - skin was forwarded to
Woodland to be dressed and preserved as a
trophy of the' hunt.
This event Is but one of many 'this season,
demonstrating the country round about and
easy of access from Bartlett • Springs is the
sportsman's paradise. -Trout- are still plenti
ful. There are two notable trout streams near
at hand. Eel River will be stocked with de
licious trout. As a result "of the enforcement
of the game law deer . have become plentiful.
They are numerous- In the mountains In the
vicinity of • tha springs, and a skilled hunter,
by traveling some' distance Into other ranges,
can easily kill the limit in one day. There are
Btill enough bear in' the Eel -River country to
make the. sport exciting and to make It rea
sonably -sure .that an experienced .guide
and hunter, aided ' by , such fine dogs as
Professor Watson's fox J|6unds, can start one
in a hunt of two or thr«rdays.'
guests. Everybody wanted a picture of the
bear, doss and successful hunters, and cam
eras were busy for several hours.;
In the afternoon Miss Edith Chese
brough and Mlas Dolbeer played the final
round for the Del Monte cup for women.
Miss Chesebrough played a strong game,
defeating Miss Dolbeer 5 up 4 to ' play,
and winning the trophy. Miss Chese
brough's card read as follows: First
round, 5, 6. 4, 4, 4, 4. S, 4, 6— total 39; sec
ond round, 7, 6, 4 f 5, 4— total 26, for the
first five holes.
Miss Chesebrough won the first hole,
halved the second and third, won the
fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh 1 and eighth
and lost the ninth, ending the first round
5 up. She lost the first two holes of the
second round, making heq score 3 up and
6 to play. | Then she won the third and
fourth holes, making her dormie 5. The
fifth was halved and the match won.
J. J. Crooks drew the bye and went
around the course with an amateur. R.
J. Johnstone made the best score, 71, and
F. J. Reilly the second best, 74.
The scores of all the competitors for
the first thirty-six holes of the competi
tion were as follows: R. J. Johnstone,
71 71— total '142; F. J. Reilly, 74, 74-total
148; George Smith, 75, 75— total 150; Alex
ander Bell, 77, 82— total 159; W.' Frederick
son. 77, 82-total 159; J. Melville, 82. 80
total 162: W. Welsh, 83, 79— total lfti; A.
G. Harvey, 81, 84— total 165; J. J. Crooks,
95, 84— total 179; J. W. Byrne, 90, 90— total
180; Captain J. S. Oyster, 89, 92— total 181;
Dr. W. Carpenter, 88, 95^total 183; C. E.
Orr, 87, no returns.
R. J. Johnstone's card for the after
noon's play read as follows: 5, 4. 4, 4, 4,
4, 3, 5, 4. 3, 5, 5, 4. 3, 4, 3, 3, 4, an average
of a fraction less than four strokes per
hole.
Dr. W. M. Carpenter drew the bye and,
having no professional opponent, went
around the course with an amateur. R.
J. Johnstone of the San Francisco Golf
Club returned the best score for the morn
ing's play, 71. F. J. Rellly of the Bur
lingame Golf Club returned a score of 74.
W. Frederickson of the Los Angeles
Country Club made the best score, 77,
among the amateurs. In the afternoon
the contest was resumed, the players be
ing paired as follows: F. J. Reilly with
C. E. Orr, J. Melville with J. W. Byrne.
Alexander Bell with Dr. W. M. Carpen
ter, W. Welsh with A. Q. Harvey, R.
J. Johnstone with. Captain J. S. Oyster
and George Smith with W. Frederickson.
DEL MONTE, Aug. 28.— Thirteen golf
ers, six of them professionals, play
ed to-day In the first and second
rounds, each over eighteen holes, of
the third annual competition for the
championship of the Pacific Coast Golf
Association. For the morning's play the
men were paired as follows: F. J. Reilly
with A. G. Harvey, W. Welsh with C.
E. Orr, R. J. Johnstone with J. J. Crooks,
George Smith with Captain J. S. Oyster,
Alexander Bell with J. W. Byrne and J.
Melville with W. Frederlckson.
Third race, for roadsters, heats, 2 In 3, purse
$200—
Don Fraser, b. g. by Secretary (McGov
ern) 1 'r i
Lena Holly, blk. m. by Mountain Boy
- (Grimes) 2 2 2
Lady B. br. m. by Harris Ashley (Hoy). 3 3 a
Let Him Be, b. b. by Fairmont (G.
•Smith) '. ..." ..4 rHs.
Alameda Maid, gr. m. by Eros (Walton)Dis.
Time. 2:25, 2:24%, 2:25.
./For the closing day of the meeting an
excellent card will be furnished. The 2:24
class trot it is expected will prove an ex
ceptionally good contest. The entries are
as follows:
Oreen class pace, $500 — Ch7 g. Edwin S b
jr. Wa, b. ' g. Victor, b. < g. Blllle F b. ' m'
The Mrs;, b. h. Joe W, r. m. Mildred O, b. g
Colonel C, b. m. Lady Glenway, bl. m. Black
Venus, b. g. Tom CarneaL
California stakes, 2:24 class, trotting, $2000—
B. g. Charles H, b. s. Sutter. s. ¦ g. Deputy,
b. g. Sproul, ch. h. Larkln W, b. g. Rapldes
ch. g. Dr. Hammond, b. g. H D B, b. h. Suoml
b. m. Rosie Woodbum, ch. h. T C, br. m. So
noma Girl, b. m. Idyll wild, br. m. Daisy B
b. m. Una K, Jupiter B, br. m. Louise Croner"
b. s. McPheron, b. g. George C, b. g. Telephone
b. g. Moor Ros«.
2:17 class trot,'.$ROO — Br. g. - Hank, b. «.
Cuate, b. m. Grace McK, b. a. Potrero, gr. g
What Is It, gr. g. Rozell, b. m. Twilight, b. g,
Zambra.
To beat 2:04H (world's record for pacing
mares) — Alone, 2:09%, by Nearest.
F. E. MULHOLLAND.
Second race. Breeders* Futurity stake, two
year-old division, trotting, heats, 2 in 3, value
11250—
Almanden, blk. c. by Dlrect-Roso McKin
ney (J. W. Zibble) i j
Marvin Wilkes, b. c. by Don Marvin (Mas
tin) .; 2 2
Time, 2:25%, 2:22%.
There were five starters In the 2:17 pace,
with Cuckoo in brisk demand, a 20 to 9
choice over the field. The favorite never
got down off nla perch in the first heat,
won by Monroe 8' In an exciting head
finish with Penrose, and the field players
gathered profusely. But after this one
"Barney" all the field followers got was
feathers, for Cuckoo went on and won In
three straight.
Dan Eraser .captured the purse for
roadsters in straight heats. In the first
auctions sold Dan brought $20, Lena Holly
$7 and the field $3. Summary:
First race, pacing, 2:17 class, heats, 3 In 5,
purse $500 —
Cuckoo, b. g. by 6trathway-Edlth
Penrose, b. g. by Falrose (Mast In). 2 2 2 2
M (Liggett) 4 1 1 l
Monroe S, ch. g. by Dictator-
Wilkes (J. Zibble) 1 5 3 3
Dot, b. m. by Falrose (Hamner)..3 3 6 DIs
Victor, b. g. by Platte (Sampsell).S 4 4 Dr
Time. 2:13%. 2:10, 2:13%. 2:16.
That division of the Breeders' $6000 Fu
turity stakes which called on the two
year-old trotters was responsible for the
appearance of a smart youngster in Al
manden, a black colt by Direct-Kose Mc-
Kinney, owned and bred by C. A. Durfee
of Los Angeles. His owner was not pres
ent to see him perform, the promising
young equine gentleman being faultlessly
driven by J. W. Zlbble. Unfortunately,
Marvin Wilkes was the only other con
tender, and Almanden was not extended
In either of the two heats he won. At
that he stepoed off the second mile in
2:22*4, and his style and action was so
flawless that it seemed to be nowhere
near the limit of his speed./' The winner
was a 20 to 8 favorite over Marvin Wilkes.
crowd to-day. The sport was good
without being too Invigorating. As Cuc
koo, Almanden and Dan Fraser, all warm,
favorites, cams out with flying colors
there is rejoicing among the wise ones
to-night
"Rio Vista" George was In line after
every heat and the balance of the circuit
chasers strung with him. So hard was
the par! mutuel box hit that all that
remained of It was the frame and "Ring
er Up" George O'Brien's smiling coun
tenance.
DETALUMA, Aug. 28.-The third day
of the breeders' meeting at Kenll
| worth Park drew another 'fair sized
The chase was over a wild and ptcturesquo
country. On both Bides of the river the moun
tains rise precipitously, from a qiAxrter to a
half mile in height.- In many places the
growth of underbrush is so dense that the
hunter can only make his way through tho
tangle with great difficulty. In other places
the fir and pine trees grow to -great heights,
but the country is comparatively open. The
soil is so loose, however, that there is danger
of sliding from the mountain side to the bed
of the river, which is filled with huge boul
ders. In many places the bluffs are almost
perpendicular, and a single mlestep of the
hunter subjects him to the danger of being
dashed to death on the rocks far below. '
The bear led the hounds a wild chase, cross
ing the river three times and ascending to the
summits of the highest peaks in each range.
It is a conservative estimate to say the bear
and the dogs made a run of fifteen miles.
Bruin was so hard pressed that he took to
trees three times, long enough to rest, but
jumping cut before the hunters were close
enough to sight him. His last run was In the
shallow river for nearly a mile, after which he
took to a big fir tree, resting on a limb eixty
or seventy feet from the ground.
The hunting party, guided toy the baying of
the hounds, soon reached the spot. The tree
In which the bear took his last refuge was on
the mountain side, about ninety yards above
the river. When . we arrived he was growl
ing savagely, snapping his teeth viciously and
apparently preparing for a Jump. Guide Crab
tree and Professor Watson reserved their fire,
considerately giving me the privilege of the
first chance. The first shot, made under- the
stress of excitement and after a long run, was
probably a clean miss. On the second fire tho
ball went straight to the mark, striking the
bear Just back of the ear, inflicting a fatal
wound. As bruin leaped into the air Mr.
Crabtrea fired, the ball taking effect in the
shoulder. As soon as the bear struck the
ground the dogs were upon him. In the
fight that followed he lost his balance, rolling
down the mountain side a distance of more
than 200 feet - and : landing ¦ in the river less
than fifteen feet from where we stood.
As he raised his bead after the fall I sent
another bullet crashing through his brain. His
big frame quivered convulsively for a. moment
or two. something that resembled steam poured
from the gunshot wounds, he gasped a few
times and rolled over dead.
It was a black bear, about fifteen years old.
These , do not attain a great size. Tlfls one
was probably large for his species and would
have weighed BOO pounds had. he been fat Tha
kill was made at 9 o'clock in the morning,' but
It was after sundown before we succeeded in
taking the bear into camp.. The next morning
Guide Crabtree brought bruin to . , Bartlett
Springs and. during the entire day. he. was an
object of extraordinary interest to all the
The bear hunt was arranged by Pro
fessor Watson and Guide Orln Crabtree
for Mr. Leake. Here is Mr. Leake's
story of their exciting adventure:
We left Bartlett Springs shortly before noon
on the 23d lnst., went first to the Crabtree
home, ten miles west, then to the top of the
mountains on the south bluff of Eel River,
making camp in a fern-covered glade shaded
by pine and fir trees. Deer were plentiful in
the vicinity of the camp, but we did not dis
turb them. We breakfasted at dawn and left
camp about 6 o'clock. Fifteen minutes later
and in less than half a mile from the spot
where we spent the night "Red Eye" picked
up a fresh bear trail.
A number have been killed, but
with this exception by professional hunt
ers and guides. Orln Crabtree, whose ser
vices Mr. Leake secured for the trip, had
previously killed two bears this season.
He lives on the headwaters of the north
fork of Cache Creek and Is so thoroughly
posted In regard to the country and such
an Industrious and reliable guide that
his services are In constant demand. He
has been engaged to pilot Harry Corbett
and a party of friends who are coming
up from San Francisco next week, thor
oughly equipped for a bear hunt. .
Mr. Crabtree is working Professor
George Watson's celebrated pack of Vir
ginia foxhounds j this season with great
success. Two of them are so well trained
that when taken into the mountains for
a bear hunt they pay no attention what
ever to any other trail. It is probable
that as "varmint" dogs their equals are
not to be found in the State. "Red Eye"
Is the older and more experienced dog,
but High Step is a rapid trailer, has a
keen nose and promises to become tho
premier bear dog of the State.
BARTLETT SPRINGS, Aug. 28.— To
Ed .E. Leake of Woodland has fall
en the honor of being the first
guest in the history of this famous
resort to bring a bear Into camp.
Defeats Miss Dolbeer Clev
erly in Final Round for
the Golf Championship
Trotting Division of the Fu
turity Proves Only a
Cakewalk for Direct Coit
MISS CHESEBROUGH
CAPTURES THE CUP
AT DEL MONTE
ASTORIA. Or..». Aug. 28.— Colonel Charles
Humphries, who has. been in command of the
artillery corps of the Department of the Co
lumbia for the past two years. -has been trans
ferred to Fort Dupont, Del. He is to be suc
ceeded by Major Alexander V. Sctescic.
Stolen bases — McLaughlin 2, Doyle 2. Elsey.
Errors— Francis, Eagan, Graham, Hogan. Two
base hit — Blake. First base on • errors — Sacra
mento 1, Portland 3. First base on called
balls — Off Thomas 3. Left on base?—Sacra
mento 4, Portland 6. Struck out — By Thiel
man - 4. Double plays— Thomiifl - to Casey to
Hogan: Casey to Hogan; Francis to Anderson
to Elsey. Wild pitcli — Thomas. Time of game
— One hour and 30 minutes. Umplre^ — O*Con
nell. .
Portland ...1 0 0 0 2 0 0 0 x— 3
Base hits.. 3 0 0 0 2 2 1 0 x— 8
Sacramento ....'...0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 — 0
Base hits. ...... .0 0 0 0 10 11 1 — t
SUMMARY.
Totals 30 3 8 27 17| Totals 31 0 4 24 14
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 28.— Manager Fisher
replaced the hill in the diamond, which was
removed about two weeks ago, with the result
that the pitchers had all the best of It. As
Thielman was in splendid form and pitched a
far better sample of ball than Thomas, tho
Portland team had no difficulty In' winning.
Only four scattered hits were made oft Thiel
man. The game was played In one hour and
thirty minutes. Score:
Portland — Sacramento—
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Blake.rf. 4 110 0 Casey,2b. 4 0 0 5 4
VBum.cf 4 0 2 11 Hldrnd.lf 4 0 15 0
Ndeau.lf. 4 12 10 MLgn.rf. 4 Oil 0
Andsn,2b 4 0 13 5 Eagan.g. 4 0 0 3 4
Ftncs,3b. 4 0 0 11 Shehn,3b 3 0,1 2 1
Hlwth,s, 3,0139 Doyle.cf. 30020
Elsey.lb. 2 0 1 13 CiGruhrn.e. 3 0 0 0 3
Hess.c... 2 0 0 4 OHogan.lb 3 0 0 6 0
Thlmn.p. ;t 10 1 ljThmas.p 3 0 1-0 2
Experiences No . Difficulty in Out
pitching Thomas at Sacramento.
TmHTiTVTAN IS IN" FORM.
Home run — Corbett. Two-base hit — Smith.
First base on balls^ — Off Carrick 3. Struck out
— By Carrick 3, by Drinkwater 3. Left on
bases — Los Angeles 1. Seattle 2. Time of game
—1:45. Umpire— McDonald.
SUMMARY.
Los Angeles 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1—1
Base hits 1 0 0 10 0 0 0 1—3
Seattle 0 0 0 0 0 0 5 0 0 — 5
Base hits 1 0 0 0 1 1 6 0 0—9
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 28.— Joe Corbett's
home run saved the Seraphs from a shutout
in this afternoon's game 'with Seattle. Car
rick, formerly a National Leaguer, was about
as good as anything In the way of a pitcher
seen here this season. Three hits, two singles
and a home run. were all the locals could get
off his puzzling curves. The visitors*' made
all their runs In the seventh inning. TTp to
that point there was no choice between Drink
water and Carrick, as far as effectiveness was
concerned. The local man lost hia cunning for
about five minutes and six hits netted five
runs. The fielding of both teams was perfect.
Attendance, 2000. Score:
Los Angeles — Seattle —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Hoy.cf... 4 0 11 0 Lumly.cf 4 0 2 10
Wh.elr.3b 4 0 0 0 2 Mohler.2b 4 0 0 3 3
Corbet, 2b 3 112 3|Brshr,lb 4 0 0 9 0
Dlllon.lb 4 0 1 12 0;Smith.rf 4 12 3 0
Cravth.rf 4 0 0 3 O.Zinsar.If 4 113 0
Ross.lf.. 2 0 0 2 0Andws,3b4 0 0 0 1
Toman.s. 3 0 0 2 5!Dolan,s. 4 114 3
Sples,c. 2 0 0 5 1 Byers.c. 4 12 4 1
Drkwtr.p 3 0 0 0 2 Carick.p 3 110 0
Totals 29 1 3 27 131 Totals 35 5 9 27 8
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Scores a Home Bun in the Ninth In
ning in the South.
C0BBETT SAVES A SHTTTOTJT.
Special Dispatch to The Call
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 2S.-The feature cf
to-day's, card* ut Klnloch Park tva3
the fourth event, at one mile for two-
year-olds. . the locsest routa tho
youngsters have been asked to go thla
season. Old Stone . was clearly the best
and won In easy fashion. Rainland. a
heavily backed favorite, was second. The
track dried out rapidly after yesterday's
cloudburst and was in' fair shape. The
¦weather was clear and the attendance*
large. Summaries:
FIRST RACE — Six furlongs: selling:
Betting. Horse. Weirrht. Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
12 to 1— Requisition. 07 (Austin). .10 113
2 to 1— Maghonl, 104 (Watson)... 1 3 2h
5 to 2— Rejoice. »> (Howell) 3 2 32
Time, l:l»«i. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. C. Schwstacker's b. c. by Rerjultal-
Thrirty. Ultra Vh-ea lOO. Tho Advocate 1"O,
Signnra Plerson 05, Crime 1ih». A Truant U7.
Mamie Rellly £x>. also ran. Offset 93 fell.
SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
selling:
Batting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1 — Quaker Girl. 104 (Smith).. 5 2 1 n
2 to 1— Falkland. 1<>7 (Sheehan)... 3 3. 2n
4 to'l — Atla*. lort (Bridewell) 2 13 13
Time. 1:12. Start good. Wan driving. Win
ner. -W; M. Rogers' br. f. by Montana-Demurw.
Ocyrohe 107, bustler lOtf, By Itlght J>G, also
ran. • /
THIRD RACE— Fix fur!n rffa ; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. Fin.
4 to 1 — Decoration, liti (Bridewell) 1114
5 to 2 — Behoove. OS (Smith) 4 4 2 1»4
8 to 1 — Stub, 102 (Sinclair) 3 3 3 4
Time, 1:1a, Start good. Won easily. Winner.
J. A. McConnoll's ch. c. by Requltal-Tha
Heroine. Sid Silver 107. Klngrose 102, Bud
weiser 1C2. Brookston 102, also ran.
FOURTH RACE — One mile; handicap:
Betting. Jlorne. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
5 to 2 — Old Stone. SG (Austin) 3 2 1 l'i
7 to 5 — Rainland. 118 (Shrehan).. 5 3 2 10
5 to 1— Dr. Cartledje. OS (Smith).. 2 1 3 12
Time, 1:45. Start good. Won easily. Winner,
M. P. Mattlngly's b. c. by Sykeston-Wnita
Wings. Hugh McGowan 101. MUklrk 93, also
ran.
FIFTH RACE — Seven furlongs: selling:
Betting 1 . Horse. "Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
12 to 1— Lou Clieveden. 103(Scully) 4 2 11
7 to 5 — Stinsy. 88 (Austin) 2 1 2n
15 to 1 — Legation, 103 (layers) 5 5 3 1
Time. 1:33. Start good. Won easily. Winner.
J. A. Lynch & Co.'s ch. m. by Clleveden-Mlsa
Lou. Aronsas 100. D"Arcy 05, The Stewardess
105. Eleanor Howard JW, Lat3on 110, also ran.
SIXTH RACE — Mile and seventy yards; sell-
Ing (substitute for regular race declared off):
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
5 to 1— Lynch. OS (Perkins) 5 2 lh
7 to 5— Dave Somers, 102 (Howell) 4 12 4
0 to 2— Baronet. 105 (Smith) 2 4 3 1
Time, 1:3ft Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, J. C. Cahn's b. g. by Inspector B-La Dan
souse. Reducer 1C5, Gin Spray 1C5, Marcos
105, also ran.
XINXOCH PARK ENTRIES.
ST. LOUI3. Aug. 28.— Klnloch Park eatrlea:
First race, six and a half furlongs, selling—
Swart Piet 104. Little Henry 105, Pilaster 33.
Slah 02, Pay the Fiddler 90. Bscanaba. 100,
Cresslda. 85. Tambourine Girl 83. Loca 95.
Called Back 102.
Second race, six and a half furlongs, selling
— Henry of Franstamar 94. Duela 100. Dolly
Gray 98. Sweet Dream 1C3. Stub 05, Weird
104. Tom Crabb 102.
Third race, one mile and sevemty yards, sell
ing — Benson Caldwell 110, Chlckasha 06, Princa
Herman »7. Ida Penzanee 107, Kentucky Car
dinal 93, El Key 107, Hucena 92. Lynch ICO,
Peat 104. Brown Vail «3. Leenja US. W. B.
Gates 100.
Fourth race, six furlongs, handicap — Mal
lory 92, Frank Bell 107, Miss Gollzhtly 107.
Worthlngton 00. Kindred 1C9.
Fifth race, six and a half furlongs, selling —
Echo Dale 111, Tom Klngsley 102, Jake Weber
108. Mimo 1C5.
Sixth race, one and a quarter miles, selling
— Welsh Girl 101. Latson 103. South Breeze
99, Exapo 91, Menace 104. The Way 105, Eliza
Dillon 90, Satin Coat 106.
Weather cloudy; traclc fast.
KINLOCH PARK SELECTIONS.
By New York Morning Telegraph.
First race — Cresslda, Pay the Fid
dler, Loca.
Second race — Tom Crabb, Dolly
Gray, Duela. <^ ¦
Third race— Leenja, Lynch, Chick
asha.
Fourth race— Miss Golightly, Kin
dred, Mallory.
Fifth race — Jake "Weber, Mimo,
Echodale.
Sixth race — Exapo, "Welsh Girl,
Satin Coat.
TBIES TO HIT TJMPIBE
HTJRST WITH THE BAI/L
Gilbert Is Put Out of Game and
Crowd Threatens New York
Players.
NATIONAL LEAGUE. -
BOSTON. Aug. 28.— Many wild throws gav»
New York to-day's game. Gilbert tried to hit
Umpire Hurst with tha ball and was put out
of the game. The crowd pursued the Neve
Yorks in a threatening manner after the game.
Attendance. 2038. Score: * r. h. E.
Boston — . •- « ™ «
New York 13 u 1
Batteries— Malarkey and Moran; Matthew
son and Warner. Umpires — Hurst and Moran.
PITTSBURG. Pa.. Aug. 28.— Plttsburg mads
four runs In the third on five hits. The wet
grounds prevented any brilliant playing dur
ing the remainder of the game. Attendance.
S233. Score: R. . It E.
Plttsburg ...... ...... -...-.- 4 10 1
St. Loula •-• ISO
• Batteries — Philllpl and Phelps; McFarland
and O'Neil. Umpire — Emslle.
CINCINNATI, O.. Auff. 2S.— Cincinnati took
the last game from Chicago to-day by timely
nittinz. Hahn was hit harder than either of
Chicago', pitchers, but was at his best, with
men on bases. Welmer was taken out la the
seventh after one run had been scored. At
tendance, 1S0O. Score: R.- H. E.
Cincinnati —.-~. .•-.....— » . 8 *
Chicago <~ ;•. 3 " °
Batterie»-Hahn and Peltz; T7«lmer. . Taylcr
and Kiln*. Umpire— Johnstone.
Events at the Bluerock Traps.
The members of Millwood Gun Club will
meet to-morrow in one of their regular
shoots. The club's closing shoot of tha
year will be held on September 27. On
Admission day the club will hold an open
merchandise shoot, which, is expected to
attract a large number of gunners.
The Golden Gate Gun Club will hold an
open merchandise shoot at bluerocka on
tha Ingleside grounds on September 13.
Base hits — off Johnson S. off Graham 1.
Stolen bases — Devereaux (2). Errora — Shay
(2),' Francks (2), Irwin, Messerly, Delmas, Gra
ham, Schwartz. Two-base hit — Lynch. Sac
rifice hits — Lynch, Delmas, O'Hara. Meany.
Devereaux, Irwin. First base on errors — San
Francisco 4. Oakland 3. First base on called
balls — OS Lindsey 5. off Johnson 1. off* Graham
3. Left on bases — San Francisco 8. Oakland 5.
Struck out— By Ltndsey 3. by Johnson 2. Hit
by pitcher — Pabst. Double plays — Delmas to
Shay; Shay to Pabst; Shay to Delmas to Pab»t;
Schwartz to Devereaux. Passed ball — Gorton.
Wild pitches — Graham, Lindsey. Time of
game — Two hours. Umpire — Weaver.
SUMMARY.
Oakland 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 2 0 0—4
Base hits ...1 100000300—5
San Francisco. 00-00111101—6
Base hits ... 1 , 0 1122100 1—0
San Francisco — f Oakland —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Shay. s.. 4 113 3O'Hara.cf3 0 O 1 0
Meany.rf 3 12 4 0,Devn. 3b 3 2 2 3 2
Irwin, 3b. 4 10 1 5llilbrnd.lf 4 O 1 O O
Leahy.c. 5 0 14 0 Shwtr. 2b 5 0 0 5 4
Pabst,lb. 4 1 1 10 HMrdck, rf 3 O O 2 0
Krug. cf 4 1 2 2 OFrncks, s 4 1 0 2 5
Lynch.lf . 2 0 11 0 Mesrly.lb 4 0 1 10 0
Delm«,2b 2 0 15 3|Gorton, c 2 0 0 3 2
Lindsy.p. 4 0 0 0 1 Jhnson.p 3 110 1
• -• Grham.p 10 0 10
Totals 32 5 .9 30 13 Mskmn.lf 10 0 10
Totals 33 4 8*28 14
•One oot when winning run was made.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Johnj-n v/as on the hill for the Crip
ples and he pitched as good a game .of
ball as any roan who ever trod the green
at Recreation Park for many a. moon!
Peter Lohman used bad judgment- in the
eighth inning when he took the big slab?
ster out and filled his place with Gra
ham. The latter 'was wild and Ineffective
and Uncle Henry may thank him tor get
ting away with the game.
Homer Hillebrand won the game for
the Cripples In the eighth Inning, when
he drove in a run with a timely hit to
right. A few minutes later he trotted
in from left field and changed his clothes.
He said good-by to Uncle Peter and the
rest of the boys and at once departed with
brother Arthur for dear old Princeton,
and the fans will see the little favorite
no more. He will be missed, for in the
three games played here he had won the
hearts of the fans by his good work in
the field and at the bat.
Up to the fifth inning the natives could
not get at all familiar with the goods of
Johnson. Then they managed to soak him
for a pair, and an error helped them out
and gave them a run. They made a few
more, and so did the Cripples, so the
score was a tie, 4 to 4, when the tenth
spasm opened.
The Cripples failed to land, but Graham
immediately passed Meany and Irwin.
Pabst was not wanting, for he lined the
leather out to left field and brought in
Meany and ended it all. The score:
The game was full of good,. bad and in
different ball and poor Judgment. Errors
were frequent and they Invariably hap
pened when men were on base^. Moat
of the runs were scored In thla manner,
the opposing pitchers being: responsible
for but few. Shay and Francks each
made two mlsplays which resulted ,ln
runs.
noon at Recreation Park. With two on
the sacks and one under the bench In
the last half of the tenth, Pabst landed
with one of those old trade markers of
his and the winning tally was across the
pan In a twinkling. Score, 5 to 4.
IT took an extra spasm to settle the dif
ference that existed between the- Crip
ples and the natives yesterday after-
STANDING OP THE CLUBS.
(Paclflc Coast League.)
W. L. Pet. VT. L. Pet.
LosAng...Sl 48 .63$ Portland ..S3 66 .476
Ban Fran. ."« 61 .554 Seattle ....56 72 .433
Sacto 67 60 .506 Oakland ..57 66 .309
Lohmah Takes Johnson Out
of Box in Eighth, Though
He Pitches in Fine Form
Two- Year- Olds Are Sent
Over a .Mile Course, the
Longest Route of Season
Rainland, » Heavily Backed
Choice, Can Finish in No
Better Than Second Place
Both Teams Struggle Along
..for Ten Innings of Good,
Bad and Indifferent Ball
OLD STONE WINS
FROM A FAVORITE
AT KINLOCH PARK
ED PABST DRIVES
IN WINNING RUN
WITH TIMELY HIT
THE SAN FB AN CISCO CALL/SATURDAY, AUGUST 29, 1903.
Ed E. Leake of Woodland Has the Honor of Being the First Guest in the
History of Bartlett Springs to Secure a Bear, the Professional Hunters
Being the Only Men Heretofore to Land Such a Trophy of-the Chase
HUGE BLACK BEAR FALLS TO THE RIFLE
OF AN AMATEUR SPORTSMAN OF NOTE
SUCCESSFUL HUNTERS AT
BARTLETT SPRINGS AND
TROPHY OF THE CHASE.
SAJC JOSE. Aug. 2S.-Canton Dillon, a
half brother of Lou Dillon, the first trot
ter to make a mile In two minutes, is
owned by J. J. Dimon of thl3 city. He la
a two-year-old bay gelding and gives
promise of great ppped. Last June Dimon
purchased the colt at a ridiculously low
price In San Francisco at a Fale of stock
belonging to the Pierce estate. Canton
Dillon 1b by Sidney Dillon, the sire of Lou
Dillon
Is a Half -Brother to Lou Dillon.
P00LSELLINO STOPPED
AT READVILLE TRACK
Prince of Orange "Wins Purse in
2:08 Class, Trotting, in
Straight Heats.
9
ALMANDEN TROTS
TWO FAST HEATS
AT PETALUMA
THE CATT.'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24,
1903, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested to pre-
sent them immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at Tha
Call's premium rates will be
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24.CHAMPION BICYCLIST WHO RECEIVED SERIOUS AND POSSIBLY
FATAL INJURIES BY BEING CAUGHT UNDER A FALLING WALL
AT THE FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, ALAMEDA.
Samuel Michaels, employed by the Mer
cantile . Towel Company, was treated by
Dr. Stevens at the Emergency Hospital
early this morning* for a stab wound,
which' he says he received In a house on
Eddy street, near Jones. While the
wound was painful,' It is not serious.
Stabbed on Eddy Street.
REDDING, Aug.28.-The big Ash Creek
sawmill, located east of McCloud, was to
tally destroyed by fire ! last -Wednesday
night. The mill, dry kilns and 4,500.000
feet of piled . lumber, were burned, entail-
Ing a loss in the neighborhood of $300,000.
The Ash Creek mill was one of , the largest
in the McCloud /section and j had | a V daily
capacity of 125,000 feet- of. lumber. There
were 300 men employed in and : about the
mill. ' ;-:¦;
Fire Destroys \ Big Sawmill.
VENTURA. Aug.- 28.— There was a sui
cide on the southbound Overland train
yesterday whije it was speeding along be
tween Santa Paula and Fillmore. F. • S.
Addington of SalinjL, Kans., who was en
route to settle In .Cos Angeles, suddenly
jumped up from his seat, went into the
lavatory of the car and' shot himself
through the head. . Deceased was appar
ently about 40 years of age and dressed
as a laborer.
Commits Suicide on a Train.
REDDING. Aug. 28-Ed Mallows, better
known as "Dad" Mallows, one of the.pro
prietors of the Keswick Hotel, Is ' presi
dent of a company that Intends to operate
a drift mine under the houses of Dutch
Flat. All the householders and property
owners have deeded underground rights
to the company and work Is soon to com-'
rr.ence. The ground around Dutch -Flat
has been a great gold producer, and Mal
lows has great hopes (or the success of
the venture. ftftfflMi % wt
Will Mine Under the Town." —
SAN JOSE, Aug. 28.-Charles H. Pen
noyer, secretary and manager of the
United, Gas and Electric Company in this
city, has been made manager of the
Standard Electric Company for the San
Jose district.' There is a rumor that the
two companies have been consolidated,
the Standard absorbing the other. The
rumor is denied here, though the state
ment Is made that there will be perfect
harmony between the two companies. .
Deny Story of Consolidation.
Detective Ed Gibson returned from Port
land yesterday morning, bringing with
him Woo Sook, who was booked at the
City Prison on a charge of robbery. Woo
Sook Is accused of having been one of the
highbinders who broke Into a store at
726 Dupont street on the night of May 30,
1902. and attacked Wong See Chunrf. one
of the proprietors, and some of the clerks.
Two. of the gang who were arrested at
the time are ¦ now. serving, long terms in
the State's prison. ~
Chinese Robber Brought Back.
, Dead men usually become lighter, and
float on the surface In about nine days
after they have been drowned and it is
expected that- when the bay shall give up
its dead within the next six days the body
of Victor Poncet will be found. >
. Victor was a French laundryman and
earned good wages until a\few months
ago, when he became so sick that he was
oo longer able to work at his trade. He
had been rooming at a lodging-house, 619
Pacific street, kept by Joseph Martin,
until last Wednesday, when he disap
peared, leaving a note In French, a trans
lation of which Is as follows: - .
San Francisco, August 20: My long sickness
makes my life insupportable.- -I .am weary of
suffering. There Is no hope of a cure. I am
unable to work Jind that Is why I end \ my
days. -Don't accuse anybody. • Good by to 'all
my friends forever and ever. . >
. VICTOR POXCET.
Poncet was unmarried and 45 years of
age. •¦'.""..
VICTOR PONCET, TIRED
OF LIFE, DISAPPEARS
GARDEN FETE PROMISES . [;f.
TO BE A GRAND SUCCESS
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 23.— The garden
fete to be held to-morrow afternoon o*<
der the auspices of the Ladles' Aid So
ciety of the First Presbyterian Church of
San Rafael promises to be a success, both
socially and financially. Many prominent
society people from San Francisco will be
In attendance.
The palatial residence and spacious
grounds of A. "W. Foster on Forbes ave
nue have been fittingly decorated for £he
occasion. The ladies having the matter
in charge have arranged many unique
features for the entertainment of the
guests. A musical and literary pro
gramme, to be rendered by well known
society people, will add greatly to «he
Interest in the affair. Various booths
have been constructed under the wide
spreading oaks and costumed attendants
will be In charge of them.
The Oriental booth will be prtsided
over by seven Chinese children from San
Francisco. ..
A special train will be run over the
California Northwestern Railroad and
connect with the boat leaving San Fran
cisco, via Tiburon. at 12:30 o'clock. Buss^i
will meet the visitors at San Rafael *o
convey them to the fete.
Young Girl Is Accidentally Shot.
TULARE. Aug. 2S.-Ethel. the twelve
year-old daughter of Tax Collector Fewell
of Vlsalla. was accidentally shot Wednes
day while In the mountains near Glen
vllle. While sketching in company with a
younger brother, an acquaintance named
Guy Hughes approached them with a rtfle.
The two boys engaged In a scuffle for the
rifle and accidentally discharged It. the
ball striking Miss Fewell In the neck.
The wound was serious but not fatal.
"We simply had a few. words," said he
to-day. "and I lost my temper
and knocked him down. His head
struck the sidewalk, but I had no
idea the Injury he received would prove
fatal. After he was removed to his room
I nursed him for two days; in fact, I re
mained with him until he was 1 taken to
the hospital. I had no Intention of try-
Ing to escape. I went to San Francisco,
but as soon as I heard that I would be
arrested I gave myself up."
SAN RAFAEL, . Aug. 28.— Francis H.
McGrath, who is charged with the mur
der of Arthur E. Gilligan, surrendered
himself late last night to the officers in
Sausallto. He was brought to San Ra
fael to-day and turned over to Sheriff
Taylor.
. McGrath says that he bore no malice
toward Glllican.
Will Be Tried in San Rafael on
. Charge of Causing Death of
"%¦';. Arthur E. Gilligan.
McGRATH SURRENDERS
TO SAUSALITO OFFICERS
Superintendent of Schools Langdon and
Director Mark have been appointed a
committee to report on the request of
Principal Bush for the appointment of
an additional teacher in me Polytechnic
High School. Director Walsh is not in
favor of allowing an extra teacher and
points to the fact thatthe Lick School,
with 400 pupils, has fifteen teachers and
the Polytechnic High School, with 217 pu
pils, has thirteen teachers.
The Board of Education has decided not
to fill the vacancy created by the resig
nation of Miss Beatrice Reynolds as
teacher of Latin and Greek In the Girls'
High School. Director Mark, who was
delegated to look Into the. matter, has
reported that the two teachers at pres
ent teaching the languages, Miss Stark
and Miss Elsie Bowman, can properly at
tend to the pupils who are taking the
course. This decision on the part of the
board will effect a savins of 5140 per
month. ' ¦
Board of Education Decides Not to
Fill Vacancy in Girls'
High School.
WILL NOT APPOINT LATIN
AND GREEK TEACHER
In keeping with the quiet and sincerity
that marked his long life, the funeral of
Professor Martin Kellogg, formerly pres
ident of the University of California, was
extremely plain and simple. It was ob
served so*to answer the wishes of the be
reaved widow. There were few present
outside of the Immediate family and the
university family — the faculty with
which Professor Kellogg was so long as
sociated. The floral offerings, covering
the bier, bore messages of esteem and
sympathy from many absent one.
The services were held at the late resi
dence in Bushnell place at 2 o'clock. The
Episcopal burial service was' read by
Rev. Edward Parsons, rector of the San
Mateo Episcopal Church and a cousin of
the deceased. Rev. J. K. McLean, presi
dent of the Pacific Theological Seminary,
read from the scriptures. In accordance
with the tenets of the Episcopal Church
there was no eulogy and the remains were
borne to the last resting place in Moun
tain View Cemetery. '
The pallbearers were President Benja
min Ide Wheeler, Professors George H.
Howison, E. W. Hllgard, W. A. Merrill,
Elmer E. Brown and Wlllard B. : Rising.
President Wheeler appointed Professors
Merrill, Brown and Irving Stringham to
arrange for memorial services for Profes
sor'Kellogg. These will.be held in Har
mon'Gymnasium on Saturday, September
12, at 3 o'clock. It will be an academic
function and will give the friends of the
late president an : opportunity to hear
eulogies of him. Addresses will be made
by men representative of the faculty, the
university and old' Callfornians, though
the. names of these speakers will not be
•known until later.
Berkeley Ofllce San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Aug. 2S.
Simplicity Mark3 Last
Rites for Dead
Educator. I
Charles Ashton, Who Was Prominent
Here in Early Days, Dies After
a Long Illness.
PIONEER PASSES TO
LAST RESTING PLACE
Charles AEhton, formerly a partner in
the firm of Ashton & Gardner, real estate
dealers, is dead, after a long illness. Mr.
Ashton came to San Francisco in the
early fifties and was one of the best
known of the pioneers. He was a native
of Manchester, England, and is survived
by a widow, five daughters and a son.
Mr. Ashton came into prominence sev
eral years ago when 'he was mixed up in
litigation over the old Dashaway Club on
Pert street, near Grant avenue. In a
long and tedious lawsuit he was finally
the victor, but soon afttr that he was
shot and badly injured in his office by
one of the defeated parties. He finally
recovered after a long Illness, but was
forced to spend nearly all his fortune in
doctor's bills. Deceased was a prominent
Mason and the funeral will take place
under th* aut>pic*« of tha.t society.
HOBBED WHILE SLEEPING
IN UNION SQUARE PARK
C. J. Flynn Loses Watch and Pocket
* book, but Patrolman Riehl
Catches Thief.
%€L}'J. Flynn, a talior of D35 California
street, was sleeping early this morning in
Union Square Park when a young man
named Frank Louder was eeen by Pa
trolman Riehl to rifle Flynn's pockets and
steal a gold watch and pocket book.
Riehl hurried up to the men. but Lou
der eaw him approaching and decamped.
He ran to Po*t street, with Riehl after
him, and suddenly darted into the door
way of 270 Post street and made his way
up four flights of stairs. Louder then
ran to the roof of the building and Jump
ed to an adjoining roof, where he was
captured by Riehl.
Louder was taken to the Hall of Jus
tice and on being searched the watch and
rocket book were found on him. He was
booked on a charge of grand larceny.
Robert McKenna, a Young Carpen
ter, Sentenced to Term in
County Jail.
AMUSES HIMSELF BY
BEATING HIS MOTHER
Robert McKenna, a carpenter, 19 years
of age, has been in' the habit of beating
his mother, Mrs. Martha McKenna, 43S
Church street. He was engaged in that
pastime on Thursday night, , when her
screams attracted the attention of Po
liceman Foley, who entered the house.
McKenna struck the officer and had to
be clubbed into submission. After being
taken to the City and County Hospital
McKenna was booked on charges of bat
tery and resisting an officer.
The cases were called before Police
Judge Cabaniss yesterday, but Mrs. Mc-
Kenna refused to prosecute her son. as
she said he was the main support of the
family. He earned tl'i a week and her
two younger boys only earned $5 and $3,
respectively. She acknewledged that he
had beaten her several times, chiefly when
he was under the Influence of liquor, but
on Thursday night he was sober.
The Judge heard the evidence of Foley
and convicted McKenna on the charge of
resisting an officer, and after severely lec
turing him for his unfilial conduct sen
tenced him to serve sixty days •In the
County Jail.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND. Aug. 28.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Manuel White, over
21, and Delfino Nunes, over 18, both of
Centervllle; Manuel F. Amaral. 23, and
Mary Costa, 24, both of Haywards.
Fires Two Shots at Sullivan.
The police are investigating a myste
rious case of shooting that occurred on
Erannan street on Thursday afternoon.
Peter Sullivan, who lives in Boardman
©lace, was standing In front of the Har
mony Hotel. 733 Brannan street, shortly
before 3 o'clock, when a strange man fired
two shots at him from a revolver and
disappeared mysteriously. One of the bul
lets passed through the glass in the front
door of the hotel and lodged in the wall,
from which It was extracted by Police
man Thompson. After the second shot
Sullivan ran into the house adjoining the
hotel. He cannot understand why any
one should attempt to murder him and
is at a loss to know who could have fired
the shots at him. The police have a de
scription of the shooter.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Aug 28.—
All speculation as to the fate of the Hot- •
wegian barkentine Prince George'." on.
which heavy reinsurance gambling has
been done. Is set at rest by cable advices
received here to-day from South Mldora.
Philippine Islands. The vessel was
wrecked on Slbalon reef, near there,, and
since striking the rocks her cargo of pitch •
has melted into a solid mass In the hol£
and defies all. efforts at salvage. The ves
sel is doomed to total destruction ar,d *
surveyors report that the salvage^ of the
vessel and cargo would not be wortl* the
expense entailed.
The barkentine belongs to the appar
ently hoodooed Norwegian fleet of
"Princes," one of which, the bark Prince*
Arthur, was wrecked off Cape Flattery
on January 2. Reinsurance speculation
reached 50 per cent when the Prince
George was towed into Hollo with her
rigging partially gone and the crew down
with beri berl, but speculators who tools •
her safety at that time as an Indication
that she would reach her destination nav$
been heavy losers. The cable announces
the grounding of the Prince George to
have occurred on July 29 In the memor
able and disastrous gale * which swept
over the eastern ocean. ' (•.,
Ill-Fated Vessel Is Driven on Sib-*
. / alon Reef During a Heavy *
Windstorm.
NORWEGIAN BARKENTHTE *
PRINCE GEORGE IS LOSTV
The action of Hennessey is the result
of Information received by him to the
<*ffoct that Jones had a box in one of
the safe deposits, and it is hoped that,
if such proves the case, moneys and pa
pers belonging to him may be found,
and relieve the wife of the missing at
torney of the temporary embarrassment
¦which she has experienced through the
strange absence of her husband. The
power of attorney, Hennessey says, was
given to him at a time that Jones was
sick and unable to attend to his private
£.?>& business affairs.
There was filed yesterday in the Re
corder's office a power of attorney In
which Hu Jones, the absconding attor
ney of the Mooney estate, empower*
Frank J. Hennessey to act for him in
any transaction whatsoever. The docu
ment was signed by Jones on May IS,
1903. Hennessey is a clerk in Jones'
olnce.
Filed by Missing Lawyer's Clerk
With a View of Helping
the Wife.
POWER OF ATTORNEY
GIVEN BY HU JONES
The little companions of her daughter
were Lois' older sister, Ruth, and James
Davis, a boy of 4 years. *. f
Mrs. Foyle hardly realized for a few
minutes how close had been the call and
how brave had been the rescue 1 of her
baby. When the facts dawned upon her
bewildered mind she became hysterical.
"I hardly knew what to do or say,"
Mrs. Foyle explained to-day. "After I
recovered my composure I made Inquiries
and discovered that people who saw the
boy's brave deed declared It- was' done
with great coolness and heroism."
Mrs. Foyle visited the sick boy at his
home to-day.
So modest was young Loewen about his
act that for two days the baby's mother,
Mrs. J. H. Foyle, residing at the Oak
Lawn, Eighth and Castro streets, was un
able to learn the Identity of her child's
rescuer. Now thajt It has been disclosed
she has taken means to suitably acknowl
edge her appreciation.
The lad, who is an errand boy for
Charles J. Heeseman, Is the son of Mrs.
E. T. Loewen. a music teacher, residing
at East Sixteenth street and Twenty-third
avenue, and Is a grandson of the Rev. M.
Ongerth, a German reader at the Univer
sity of California. Since the episode
Thursday morning young Loewen has
been ill at home from the effects of his
efforts. '
Here Is his story of the rescue:
I was riding up Seventh street on my wheel
when I saw the up train stop at the Market
street station. I noticed the child on the
track as I wheeled along, but paid no atten
tion to her until I heard the train behind me.
The baby was at the crossing of Castro street
and the engine was then at West street, about
two blocks away. There were two other chil
dren near the baby and they were yelling
to her to come off the track, but the little
girl seemed too frightened to move. ¦
I was then a block away at Brush street,
but 1 sprinted on my wheel, and beat the
train long enough to get alongside of the
baby, jump oil and grab her and jump back
just as the engine whizzed by. I was eo close
that I felt the engine cylinder brush my coat.
I had dropped my bicycle so close to the
track that I thought it had been smashed, but
It escaped.
The train rushed on and I didn't even hear
the whistle blow. I guess we ( were so cl6se
under the pilot that the engineer did not see
us. After that I carried the baby to her home.
She was not hurt a bit. Then I went to the
store. ' . .
the life of little Lois Foyle, J 2
years of age, at Seventh and Castro
streets. The boy grabbed the helpless
baby off the track just as the engine
passed so close that the cylinder grazed
the heroic youth's coat. Men who wit
nessed the daring rescue declared that
It was the record breaker, for life-saving
under strenuous circumstances.
OAKLAND, Aug. 28.— In a race on
his bicycle .against a Seventh
street local train Herman Loew
' en, 14 years of age, won and saved
Lieutenant and Mrs. John Law Hughes
(nee Gibson) will receive on Fridays after
September 1 at their new quarters, Fort
Wlnfleld Scott, Presidio.
R. H. Peat, the well-known clubman,
visited Del Monte last week and took a
prominent part in the golf tournament.
On the return from the links his automo
bile was among the first to reach the city.
Mr. and Mrs. Francis Carolan sailed on
Tuesday last for Europe, where they will
spend the autumn. The Carolans visited
the Peter Martins at New York and Mrs.
George Pullman at the Thousand Islands
prior to their departure.
Mrs. Francis G. Newlands, at present In
Reno. Is expected to visit this city during
September.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick H. Hopkins and
son arrived from Portland, Or., yesterday
morning and are registered at the Palace.
An Interesting engagement Is that of
Harold C. Bradley, son of Professor Cor
nelius B. Bradley of the University of
California, and Miss Mary Powell, whose
father is associated with the Canadian
Bank of Commerce. Young Bradley, in
addition to graduating from the univer
sity with the class of 1900, won the Yale
alumni scholarship. Miss Powell is also a
graduate from the university and a mem
ber of the Kappa Alpha Theta fraternity.
Miss Virginia Joliffe invited a number
of friends to meet Miss Anglin on Thurs
day afternoon.
A pleasant luncheon was given yester
day by Miss- Ethel Cooper, who has but
recently returned from Lake Tahoe. Among
those Invited were Mrs. Silas Palmer, Mrs.
E. E. Brownell. Mrs. Danforth Board
man, Mrs. Thomas Bishop, Miss Leontlne
Blakeman and Miss Spreckels.
The lawn fete which will be given this
afternoon at the home of the A. W. Fos
ters, at San Rafael, will be one of the
first opening events of the geason. The
spacious grounds, which are perfectly
adapted to entertaining, are thrown open
to the public, and elaborate decorations
have been arranged. The large San Fran
cisco contingent which is going over to
the fete will generally represent society,
and all are certain to receive charming
hospitality. The proceeds will be devoted
to charity, in which Mrs. Foster is par
ticularly Interested.
James D. Phelan. Dr.' Arnold Grazier, Rev.
D. O. Crowley. Rev. William Rader, S. Gold
man, Thomas H. Griffin, Dr. Mary Halton,
Rtv. Father Morgan. Rev. L. C. Sanford, F.
W. Van Reynegom, Professor James O'Connor,
Mrs. John Greany George Walcom, Mrs. d'Er
lich. Mies Eliza D. Keith, F. H. Harris. W.
I*. Kelly. M. T. Sullivan. Mrs. Mary Tinman.
George T Knox. William Broderlck, Sol Liyp
min, Oliver J. Olsen. Rev. James P. McQualde.
Mrs. Halvalkcr. Wesley Davis, John Salter,
Ed Banning and A. Comte Jr.
The following committee was appointed
to canvass the city In behalf of the pro
posed park improvement:
More than 1000 members have already
joined this association, and they have
all expressed their Intentions to work to
their utmost limits to see that the city
acquires the property. The committee in
tends sending out 10,000 circulars setting
•forth the benefits the general public will
derive by having the tract converted into
a r-ark. : - y.-
There was a great unanimity of opin
ion expressed on all sides that the prop
erty known as the old Jewish cemetery
be purchased by the city and converted
into a public park. The property consists
of about 18S lots, bounded by Eighteenth,
Twentieth. Dolores and Church streets.
The valuation placed upon this tract is
$293,000. This would make each lot be
worth about $1600.
The Mission Park Association held an
enthusiastic meeting last evening at Na
tive Sons' Hall on Seventeenth street.
Chairman Eustace Cullinan presided. Vice
President Mark Meherln, Secretary Miss
Mary Burke and Treasurer Burnett were
also present.
MISSION PARK CLUB
HOLDS ROUSING MEETING
Wants City to Purchase Old Jewish
Cemetery and Convert It
Into a Park.
Quickly his fellow workmen extricated
Hearther and the Injured man was sent
OAKLAND. Aug. 23.— Emll Hearther,
a crack cyclist of the Oakland
Wheelmen, lies at the Receiving
Hospital with his back broken,
the result of injuries sustained
this morning by being caught under a
falling wall of the old First Presbyterian
Church, Central and Versailles avenues,
Alameda. which Is being demolished.
Hearther was in the employ of A. J.
Burgner, who has the contract for tear
ing down the old building. The young
man. with other workmen, was engaged
In tearing down a rear wall and was
working with a bar at the foot of the
wall when timbers and brick began to
topple. Before Hearther had time to
escape he was felled beneath the pile of
debris. That he was not crushed to death
was due to the pile of rubbish that pro
tected him from the full weight of the
mass.
The matter is Important, because should
the Board of Equalization persist in its
Intention it wiH mean a raise of 20 per
cent on the assessment of every house
holder and property owner in San Fran
cisco.
Assessor Dodge will be accompanied by
Experts Pritchard, Milsages and Corbitt,
who will be prepared with facts and fig
ures to prove that the present city assess
ment is a Just one and should not be
raised.
A number of city officials who have
been delegated to appear before the State
Eoard of Ecualization to-day to protest
against the proposed raise in the assess
ment roll of this city and county left
last evening on the 6 o'clock train for
Sacramento. The party Included Assessor
Dodge, Tax Collector Smith, Auditor
Baehr, Supervisor Brandenstein, chair
man of the Finance Committee: Super
visor Walsh, chairman of the Equaliza
tion of Assessments Committee, and Su
pervisor Payot.
LEAVE TO OPPOSE RAISE
IN THE ASSESSMENT ROLL
City Offloials to Appear Before State
Board of Equalization to
File Protests.
to the Oakland Receiving Hospital. Dr.
William S. Porter, with Dr. O. D. Ham
lin. Dr. R. T. Stratton and Drs. Kelly and
Emerson, took charge of the case. They
found the lower limbs paralyzed and a
severe dislocation of the spine, with a
fracture at the dorsal vertebrae.
Anesthetics were administered and the
surgeons placed the body in a plaster
cast. If Hearther recovers he will be
kept In the cast for at least two months.
Because of his excellent physical condi
tion the surgeons are hopeful that their
patient will pull through, despite his
broken back. Hearther is an athlete and
a strong, sturdy young man. As a wheel
man he holds records for riding at Reno
and his five-mile relay, run In 12 minutes
SO seconds at Sacramento, is the fastest
time on record for that track. His Ne
vada time for the same distance is 12
minutes 37 seconds. Hearther resides at
1216 Nineteenth avenue, East Oakland.
He is known among wheelmen on the
coast as "the Flying Dutchman."
FOSTER FETE
WILL ATTRACT
i A GATHERING
The merry war among the students of
the Wllmerding and Lick High schools,
which was started about ten days ago,
when the rival students took turns In
raictiiig each cither's class numbers off
the top cf Twin Peaks, was renewed yes-
U rday with additional vim and vigor.
The Lick boys made a dash at their op
ponents at the noon hour and for a time
a lively rush was at its height.
The Lick boys, about 200 strong,' march
ed to the Wilmerding School grounds and
demanded the return of several hats that
had been captured by the latter a few
days before. The demand was received
with jeers and at once the Lick students
began to make a real "rough house."
The opposing factions battled fiercely for
a few minutes and the Wilmerding boys
added fifteen more hats to their credit,
while their opponents captured two.
The rush came to a 6udden standstill a
few minutes later when the bells of the
two schools began to toll In a vigorous
manner, summoning the warring students
back to their own grounds.
INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL PUPILS
FIGHT FOR SUPREMACY
Boys From Lick and Wilmerding
Classes Indulge in a Spir
ited Rush.
Since the big robbery of gold last Mon
day night every road leading from the
camp has been carefully guarded so that
the gold could not possibly be shipped out
of the country. Finally the police ob
tained news of where one of the sacks
was and in this way the party was
traced. The officers declare that: there
are at least five other men In the sang,
and it is supposed by outsiders tbu.t ono
of these peached on his comradefi. Then
a spotted dog, known to be the ¦property
of Hughes, was seen with several men on
a ridge near the scene of the big rol*
bery, so that the identification is now .
fairly complete.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Aug. 28.— A spe
cial from Atlin says that three miners
of Atlin, all well known men and all citi
zens of the United States, were arrested
to-day and charged with the theft of $20.
000 from the sluice boxes of the Atlin Gold
Mining Company last Monday night. The
prisoners are Bernard Hughes, formerly
proprietor of a hotel in Dawson; Joe
Dixon and James Jennings. They were
arrested in different parts of town by
mounted police officials. Hughes was
staying at a first-class hotel and his ar
rest caused great excitement. It was given
out to-night that a sack containing $4000
worth of nuggets had been found In the
room of one of the men. Dixon wanted
to make a fight when arrested and drew
a revolver. Hughes, it is said, partly con
fessed.
Authorities Say Prisoners Stole
$20,000 From the Atlin Gold
Mining 1 Company.
AMERICAN MINERS ACCUSED
OF ROBBING SLUICE BOXES
Petaluma Letters Thought to
Be Work of a Cruel
Joke Maker.
The funeral probably will be held at the
family home in Willoughby. but no date
has yet been named.
Haworth played last season with Rich
ard Mansfield in "Julius Caesar," suc
ceeding Barry Johnstone as Casslus.
Later he was the leading man to Blanche
Walsh in Tolstoi's "Resurrection." Ha
worth came to Cleveland a week or two
ago on a vacation.
Joseph Haworth, who was 43 years ot
age, has been prominent In the theatrical
world for twenty-five years and was one
of the first actors to come under the
guidance of the veteran John A. Ellsler.
who died in New York a few days ago.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Aug. 23.— Joseph
Haworth, the well-known actor, was
found dead in a room in the
Klngsley Hotel at Willoughby. Ohio,
a small village a few miles east
of this city to-night. The discovery
of Haworth's death was made by his sis
ter, Miss Kate Haworth, who went to his
room to call him, as they were to go to
gether to the family home, a mile or two
from the hotel. The discovery was made
at 8 o'clock. Death is supposed to have
been due to heart disease.
"Marie, Countess Van der Velde," of
Petaluma, If there Is such a person, did
not attend the funeral of the late Count
Van Asperen Van der Velde. which took
place this afternoon from a local under
taking parlor, and the friends of the dead
nobleman from the Netherlands are in
clined to regard th© writer of the letters
signed "Marie, Countess Van der Velde,"
as an lrcposter with a grewsome Idea of
what constitutes a Joke.
This morning Abram Binneweg of S30
Broadway, who had befriended Count
Van der Velde and who raised by sub
scription the funds required to give the
late titled Hollander a respectable burial,
received a postal card from the Pctaluma
author of the letter that reached him yes
terday. George G. T. Marsily, Consul for
the Netherlands at San Francisco, who
was present at the final rites over the
body of his late countryman, was shown
the communications. He regarded them
is silly effusions.
Services for the dead Count Van der
Velde were conducted by the Rev. T. E.
Henderson In the presence of an assem
blage of countrymen and friends of the
Jeceased. including a number of women.
The remains were laid to rest in Mountain
Hew Cemetery.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. Aug. 28.
MARTIN KELLOGG
BORNE TO GRAVE
In the second paragraph of Lloyd's will
the following bequests are made: "I
give and bequeath to Matilda Buttner of
Sunol the sum of $500; to Loie Helen Wil
kinson of Los Angeles $500; to Elizabeth
M. Nix of Oakland, wife of Samuel Nix,
the sum of $5000; and to her mother the
sum of $1000, if she survive me, otherwise
said $1000 shall go to the said Elizabeth M.
Nix."
The remainder of his estate is left in
trust for ten years, the income to be
divided." one-third to his wife and the
other two-thirds to be divided between
Charles R., Mabel F., and Ethel Mary
Lloyd. The fourth paragraph of the will
Is as follows: "I make, no provision In
this my will for my son Frederick W.
Lloyd."
In the petition for the probate of the
will drawn by Attorneys Goodfellow and
Eells for Mrs. Lloyd, they state that
Charles R. Lloyd, son of the deceased,
resides at Fort Monroe, State of Vir
ginia; Mabel F. Lloyd, daughter of de
censed, resides in London, England, and
Ethel Mary Lloyd, a daughter of de
ceased, resides In Alameda County. Fred
erick W. Lloyd, the contestant. Is said to
be a resident of San Bernardino County.
Attorneys Waters and Wylle of Los An
geles represent Frederick Wv Lloyd, and
end their complaint in the suit brought
by them with the request that the will
of June 19. 1&03, be refused probate.
Mrs. Charles R. Lloyd, the widow, Is
ill at her home in Berkeley and when an
attempt was made to interview her to
day friends stated that she was In bed
and too HI to be seen.
Frederick Lloyd alleges" that they knew
that he was averse to the habits Indulged
in by his father and that for this reason
they conceived a dislike to him and
represented to his father that "he
had conspired with William Boxall
to cause him to shoot and kill Charles R.
Lloyd, and had conspired with Boxall to
accuse him of the crime of being the
cause of the downfall of his niece, Mar
garet Boxall."
In reference to this paragraph Mary
Lloyd and Helen Wilkinson say "that
they have no information or belief upon
the subject sufficient to enable'" them to
answer the same." But they believe they
are false on the ground that all the other
statements are false.
In his complaint Lloyd alleges that his
father made consorts, in his own house,
of Loie Helen Wilkinson and Various
other women and that by "reason of her
knowledge of the said conduct of Lloyd,
the said Wilkinson became possessed of
controlling influence over him which 6he
maintained till his death."
In reference' to Mary Lloyd he says:
"Upon the marriage of decedent to his
second wife, Mary Lloyd, she entered the
household with full knowledge of the
habits of Lloyd, and thereafter both she
and the said Wilkinson had common
knowledge of such conduct, and that both
of them thereby became possessed of a
control and influence over him which they
continued to exercise until hl3 death."
The answer and complaint make an
issue squarely on the truth or falsity of
all kinds of rumors surrounding the
shooting of Lloyd by his nephew, William
Boxall, at San Bernardino last January,
and charged by Lloyd in his complaint
as being true. To make a /showing be
fore the court Lloyd will have to drag the
family skeleton from its closet and ex
hibit It in all its hideousness.
An answer was promptly filed this morn
ing to the charges made by Frederick W.
Lloyd In the contest begun by him over
the probating of the will of the late cap
italist Charles It. Lloyd of Berkeley by
Loie Helen Wilkinson, 'the deceased capi
talist's housekeeper, and Mary Lloyd, his
wife. They, deny every allegation jmade
by young Lloyd. The matter .came up In
Judge Hall's department this morning and
the date of hearing the contest was set
for October G. ,"-¦';} ''¦ ¦">,;'£
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 28.
Finds Him Lifeless in Room
of a Willoughby, Ohio,
Hotel.
Prosecution of Suit Will In
evitably Uncover Family
Skeleton.
No Titled Woman Weeps
for the Late Noble
Van der Velde.
Contest Over Capitalist
Lloyd's Money Is
Now Joined.
His Sister Makes Sad
Discovery of His
Demise.
WIFE ANSWERS
SON'S CHARGES
COUNTESS FAILS
TO BE AT BIER
JOSEPH HAWORTH
DIES SUDDENLY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. AUGUST 29, 1903.
Fourteen-Year-Old Herman Loeweri Dashes in
Front of Thundering Locomotive and Rescues
Little Lois Foyle from Death on Oakland Track
HEROIC BOY ON BICYCLE BEATS
TRAIN AND SAVES LIFE OF BABE
Victim of the Accident Is a Champion Bicyclist
Known as "Flying Dutchman"— Doctors Have
Some Hope That Unfortunate Man May Live
FALLING CHURCH WALL BREAKS
THE BACK OF EMIL HEARTHER
10
HEROIC BOT AND BABE WHOSE
LIFE HE SAVED AT RISK OF
HIS OWN.
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will .dose on September 24,
1903, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested to pre-
sent them immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates will be
brought to a dose on Septem-
ber 24.California Stock and Oil Exchange
i Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Caribou Oil Co «0> 30
Four Oil ' «»
Hanford Oil 130 00 135 ©O
Home Oil 115 120
Imperial Oil WOO
Independence Oil 17 IS
Junction Oil 20 21
Kern Oil 5 0O 5 50
Lion Oil 03 04
Monte Cristo Oil KJ 70
Monarch Oil- 80 _ 53
Otl City Petroleum .'.. 28 30-
Peerless Oil 13 5<> 14 00
Reed Crude Oil 40 41
San Jcaquin Oil 6 50
Sterling Oil 2 75 3 00
Thirty-three Oil 8 00
Twenty-eight Oil 3 50 4 40
Union Oil «8 $0
United Pctrcleum 102 00
West Shcre Oil 3 00 3 23
Miscellaneous—
Abby Land & Impt 1 25 1 50
Alameda Sugar - 29 CO
American Biscuit 88 00 85 00
American District Tel
Bay Counties Power
Cal Cent Gas & Electric
Cal Cotton Mllla 83 00
Cal Jockey Club 105 CO
California Powder -.
Cal Shipping Co 25 00
Cal Title Ins & Trust 130 CO 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland 60 CO
Chules -Company » **•
City & County Bank
Cypress Lawn Impt Co 6 50
Eastern Dynamite .....
Ewa Sugar Plantation
Equitable (Pool) Gas
Gas Consumers' Assn 22 50
Honolulu Sugar IS 00
London & S F Bank (Ltd)
Mercantile Trust ..... ......
Northern Cal Power 9 50
Nevada National Bank
North Shore Railroad 10 00 .....
Orpheum Company 15 00
Pacific States Tel & Tel 122 50
Parafflne Paint S3 00
Postal Device & Impt
Pan Francisco Drydock 47 CO
Sausalito Land & Ferry 16 CO
Pperry Flour Company 27 50 30 00
Standard Electric 13 00
Truckee Electric 13 25 16 CO
Union Sugar 22 50
United Gas &. Electric 34 SO .....
Western Fish Co ..«..
Mornln: Session.
100 Alma. 133
10 Kern River 10 SO
1500 Independence .................... 17
1000 Superior Cxi
225 Monarch 51
TJNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. Bld,Ask.
4s qr coup... — — 4s arc (new — —
4s qr reg — — 3s qr coup... — 107
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — Do 5s .... — —
Bay CPC 5s. — 108 Do con Ds. — —
Cal C G 5s.. — 106 O W C tc 5s. — —
Cal G & E g Oceanic S 5s — —
& ct 5s. ... — — Om C R 6s. — 123
Cal-st 5s.... — — Pac G Im 4s. — _
C C Wat 5a. — 101 P E Rv 5s.l06%107
Ed LfcP 6s. — — P&CHSs. — —
F4CH6S.- — P&OR61. — —
Geary-st 5s.. — — Powell-st 6e. — —
H C & S3%s. — — S E G&R 5s — 104
H C & S 5s. 97%100 SF & SJV5s.H0 120
Hon R T 6s. — 107 S R of C 6s. — —
L A Elec 6s. — — S P of A «ta
L A Ry 5s. — — (1900) — _
L & L C 68. — — (1910) 108»l —
Do gtd 6s. — — SPofC6s
. Do gtd 5s. — — . (19OTi)Sr A. 104% —
LAP lem 6s. — — (1905)Sr B. — —
Mkt-st C 6s. — 124 -100«) — —
Do lem 5s. 117% — (1912) 117 US
NRR of Cfls. — . — S P C lcar 5s — —
NRC of C5s.H8"Jill0ii Do Etmpd.lOS —
NPC R R 5s — — S P B R 6s. — 140
NCR 5s... — — S V Wat Bs.108% —
NCPCSs. — — Do 4s 2dm. 89%10O
N S R 5s... — — Do 4a 3dm. 98% —
O G L H 5s. — — Stkn G&E 6s 98 103%
OTCo6s...— 122-^jU G Ac E 5s. — —
WATER STOCKS. ' *
Contra Costa — 60 IPort Costa.. — — .
Marln Co — — (Spring Val.. 84 S3&
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 4 5 Sac E G&R. — —
Equit Gas... — — S F G & E. 66% 66%
Mutual E L. 13% 13S4 S F Gas — —
Pac G Imp.. 53H 53% Stkn G & E. — —
Pac Lightng. 53 % — U G & E.... — —
-"TRUSTEES* CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. <3fc C6KJ
FRIDAY, Aug. 28 — 2 p. m.
Stock and Bond ExcJmnge.
ery Goods Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 28.— The demand for dry
troods has been more Insistent for quick deliv-
NEW YORK, Aug. 28.— The cotton market
opened firm at an advance of 3 to 6 points on
the higher cables, and closed steady, net 1 to
15 points higher.
New York Cotton Market
NEW YORK. Aug. 28. — Spot tin declined £1
7s tid in London, closing at £125 2s 6d, whtl*
futures there were £1 lower at £123 5s. Lo
cally tin was lower also, being Influenced by
the cables and somewhat freer offerings. Spot
tin closed at $27 45.
Copper was unchanged in London, £58 5s
for epot and £57 12s Ud for futures. The cop
ptr market in New York continues quiet and
more or less nominal. Lake. $31*75013 S7>-j
electrolytic. $13 C2%@13 75. and casting at
$13 37%@13 50.
Lead was unchanged at £11 2s Cd In London
and was firm here at $4 25.
Spelter was unchanged at £21 6s in London
and $6 in New York.
Locally iron was unchanged. No. 1 foundry
Northern. $17 06® 18; No. 2 foundry Northern
$16 50^17: No. 1 foundry Southern and No. i
foundry Southern soft, $10 50Q16 75.
New York Metal Market.
Nnv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Aug. 28.— FLOUR— Receipts,
23,000 barrels; exports. 14,200 barrels. Quiet
but firm.
WHEAT — Receipts, S400 bushels; exports.
5100 bushels. Spot, steady; No. 2 red, 86c
elevator; No. 2 rod. 88c, f. o. b. afloat: No.
1 Northern Duluth, 06c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba, OCc f. o. b. afloat. , Further
rains in the Northwest occasioned early
strength and was followed by realization on
poor cables and a decline toward noon. After
a second upturn on local buying the market
eased off again and closed ',jc net lower.
May 68%<gS9ttc, closed 8S?ic; September.
87U6S7 13-lOc. closed 87V4c; December 87%
eSS 3-10c closed 87 %C.
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES— Steady.
PETROLEUM— Steady. *
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE — Spot, quiet. Futures closed
steady, net unchanged to 5 points higher. To
tal pales. 10.000 bags, including: September,
$3 70@3,75; November, $3 05; December $4 30;
March. *4 55@4 CO.
SUGAR — Raw, firm; refined, firm.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market shows
little change from the conditions recently re
ported. Demand continues light and the tone
is generally weak. Common, 4@5c; prime 5K
@5»ic: choice «©6%c; fancy. ti?i@7%c.
PRUNES— Steady on a fair demand, with
the medium rlzeit showing relative firmness.
Quotations. 3% ©7c for att grades.
APRICOTS — Continue firm with coast advices
showing a firmer feeling among primary hold
ers. New crop, choice. 9%©9%c; choice 8%
©8%c; fancy. 12c.
Peaches— Firm ; choice. 7@7%c; extra choice,
7%e&c.
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW TORK. Au*. CS. — The etock market j
tad iia upward turn again to-day. The vol- j
nm« at dealings wa« considerably larger than j
in yesterday's altnost stagnant market, and
the fluctuations were rather wider, but the
market rotaiiu-d its highly professional char
acter and gave little evidence of an interest I
originating outside the board room. The prln- |
eip&I reason fcr the movement of the market 1
j>m; to be that lt wan a reversal of
ihat of the previous day. the t>bvious tendency I
beinc to c*cil!ate narrowly about a fixed point.
Tl. us the morning news that the equadron of j
American warships had hcr-.n ordered to pro- 1
'r+4 to Beirut prepared to «>xact reparation
for the murder of our Vice Consul there did
nut create so rhuch aa a ripple in the stocic
mr.i-ket. although the report of an appeal for
;ioteci:oa for American missionaries in Syria
iriml?*'J additional ccmi»llca.tlons. There is
.¦.r; ur.<5lsguu>ed confidence In the financial dls
'-ricts. how«vrr. that the Question is lncapa
ij't of adjustment by diplomacy. Reports of
:5.o Western flood news were equally Ignored i
with the Turkish Incident. There is a erow- |
lac confidence In the money market outlook !
vhich was lostercd by several of the day's |
tan iopments end this was probably the prin- \
¦ .pal factor la advancing prices of stocks. I
1 "he report* from WMhlnjfton that the Secre
tary of the Tr»-a*ury had accumulated some
t K-.OOO.OOO of Internal revt-nue payments which
tvouid te available for cpoxit in national j
'.>ar.ks». was a KTeatly reassuring factor, as the j
•'<:>¦'. hie means of relief for the money mar- ]
k< ! by the Treasury Department has born '
«¦ matter of consldercble doubt end conjecture. J
As lt i« the question remains of an ade- j
•:uate cupply of Government bonds by the
¦ ¦¦-r.ks as eeeur'.tles to obtain these deposits or
the future acceptance fcy the Secretary of the
Trfosvay of municipal and State bonds In re- |
miliyllW of laFt year's policy, which has been
'¦'-...Eidered of doubtful exr*-<3i«-ncr. The infor
!i*'!oti that th* $40,000,000 irai a contingent
j-oveion for Panama canal payments was re
'eivrfl as an official confirmation of the un-
HkoiiiKM of tjie payments being called for this
>ear. Ttie ejw'cii 1 . rtrerjrth cf the Pacifies led
»y Union Pacific was attributed to the obeta
'¦>* thus introduced for the Panama canal
project. The movements of currency for the
week rbow that the movement is etill In favor
of tfai» center as a«ainat the Interior. In the
is>>t week of August last year the loss to
the interior was a* much as $2,000,000 and
of the j-fay before was about $3,500,000. With
this -delay in the interior demaad tor currency
tfc* banks themselves are showing signs of
wea*niaw with the policy cf keeping their
rc&oitTtfs in call loans at a rat* below that
T.hich they «.re paying to trust comp&niea and
interior back* for thejr deposits. The result
waeeliown tc-iay in somewhat fewer offerings
or rundi fcr time loans end an appreciably
easier tone in that market. Mercantile paper
v.a* alto in somewhat Improved demand
rf\9** Pi active stocks advanced generally be- I
Equality Oil Company has levied assessment
No 2 of ViC per share, to become delinquent
September 22. • Vernon Oil Company has levied
an assessment of 714 c. to become delinquent
September 8. -,"
Business on the morning session of the Bond
Exchange was fair, with an advance in Alaska
Packers to *14» 12U and in Pacific Gas Im
provement at $33 5O@54. There were sales of
Pacific Borax at $1630166. The oil stocks
sold fairly, with no particular feature.
In the afternoon Alaska Packers was still
Higher at $149 r.o and Paauhau Sugar sold up
to $15 50. Other fluctuations were , Insignifi
cant.
STOCK MARKET.
WHEAT — The market is in good shape all
over the United States. Chicago reports the
demand first class everywhere. Large local in
terests there are apparently absorbing Wheat,
and the demand for Flour Is urgent. Minne
r.poliB wires that millers are hunting up the
cash Wheat m*n and taking all they will sell
to crrive on the quiet. St. Louis reports ad
vices of serious, damage to Winter Wheat in
Kansas and Nebraska. The exports from tho
country for the week. Flour included, were
3,245,000 bushels.
Futures here were lower, but cash grain
etlll remained without change.
A Paris dispatch states that the losses
the farmers in the north of France because of
rains will amount to $60,000,000.
CASH WHEAT.
Callfcmia Club, 1 45@l 60; California
White Australian. $1 5501 60; Northern Club.
$1 45&1 50; Northern Blue Stem. $1 65S1 67^ •
Oregon Valley. $1 62%.
FUTURES.
•»f : '. Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open.. High.. Low. Close
December ...$1 48% $1 48% $148 $148%
2 p. m. session. "
Open. High. Low. Close
May.'. $143 $149 $149 |i «
December ... 1 48% 1 48% 1 48% 1 48%
BARLEY— Receipts are liberal now, but the
market is taking them in some form or other
and shows no weakness.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 1001 12%; Shipping and Brewing.
$1 15*1 W; Cnevalier, $1 au<31 50 for lair to
choice. .
FUTURES.
Section 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close
December ...$1 11% $1 "% $1 10% $1 i lv £
2 p. m. session.
Open. High. Low. Close
December ...$1 UVi, $1 11% $1 HVi $1 11%
OATS — Receipts were heavy, being over 19,
000 ctls, as will be seen. But the market
ruled steady, as the Government announced It
self in the market for another order, this time
for about 3S00 tons. The local feeding and
milling demand 1b fair and the market is In
good shnpe for sellers. The Government order
is for either Red or White or both.
White, si 20@l 20; Black. $1 30@l 45; Red.
$1 1501 22% for common and $1 2501 30 for
choice; Gray, nominal.
CORN— Another car of Western came in yes
terday.' The market was steady and un
changed.
Western, sacked, $1 47%@1 52% for Yellow
and $1 47%@1 60 for mixed; California . larg«
Yellow. $1 5501 57%; small round do. $1 70
©1 75; White. $1 55 per ctl.
RYE— $1 2001 27% Per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 2502 50 per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 80^4
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 Sl%
New York Exchange, sight — 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounce — 5«%
Mexican Dollars, nominal , — 42
Exchange and Bullion.
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Coluwi — All fruits in eood condition; excel
lent weather for firyirg.
KJJ19WB — Wea.ther favorable fcr fruit dry
in*.
KnfltrtlT — Higti wicd is causing prunes to
fall .,.-¦.
feaaia Maria — Early beans harvesting; out
look fair; heavy grain etill continues.
l^lvermore — Threshing almoet finished.
< 'loveniaie — Grapes ripening fast.
Itlvenlde — Yield of craiii pood.
Nfc pa. — Peas pood crop.
Stockton— Potatoes beir^ 6hirped east and
teuth :n larce quantities.
I"j»:ermo~ The rush of peech drying is about
over. A. G. ilcADIE, li'.st. Forecaster.
FOR FRIDAY. AUGUST 2S.
Flour, qr sks... «.26O Straw, tons 23
Wheat, ctls...\ . l.Mrt Wool, bales 150
Barley, ctls 13.408 Tallow, ctls 251
Oats, ctls 3,6." Sugar, ctls Sitj
Corn, ctls 27 Hides, No 603
Beans, sks 433 Pelt*. No 43:1
Potatoes, sks... 2,2,"i < > Leather, rolls... 00
Onions, sks 830 Lime, bbls 317
Bran, sks 50 Quicksilver, flks. 73
Hay, tons ... 857iW!ne. gals 79.050
OREGON. :. >^
Flour, qr sks... 5.746 Feed, ski 500
Oats, ctls 1.102 Ch'pped Fd. sks. 1.100
Bran, sks 4. 813 Shorts, sks 5.098
EASTERN.
c °™. et» 500
Receipts of Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
The fruit market was liberally supplied with
poor stock, which moved off slowly. As usual
on Friday the local demand waa rather light
and there was little or no inquiry for ship
ping. Stocks of Apples were heavy and the
top quotation was en extreme figure for the
very best Gravenstelns In 4-tler boxes. Plums
and Prunes In small packages were in tret
supply and easy. Choice lots in bulk sold
readily for canning purposes at the previously
quoted rates. Bartlett Pears were steady and
good hard stock suitably packed was in de
mand for shipment. A carload of fancy stock
arrived from Cofoma and met with a steady
demand nt the maximum quotation. There
was no canning stock on .the market. Fine
Peaches from the mountain districts continued
to bring high prices and offerings from other
sections were in fair request at steady rates.
Carriers continued to sell at a wide range as
to 1 quality. The .canners were liberal pur
chasers of clingstones in bulk, and sales were
reported in a small way at $30 per ton. Figs
and Nectarines were offering freely and moved
off well. Quinces and Pomegranates sold slowly,
although offered nt reasonable figures. The
cool cloudy weather had a depressing effect
on the market for Watermelons, but as stocks
were lltht prices were unchanged. Receipts
of Melons and Cantaloupes were light, but car
ried-ovcr stock was abundant and there was
no lmnrovcment in prices. Grapes moved
slowly but fancy offerings In crates were
firmly 'held in anticipation of a good demand
for shipment on the Puget Sound steamer out
°CUrus fruits were unchanged and dull owing
to the cool weather. A steamer arrived from
Mexican DOrts with 370 cases Limes, which
had not been marketed up to a late hour. Ripo
Bananas were in somewhat limited supply and
8t STRAWBERRIES-$2e4 for Mallndas and
$4@0 for other large varieties; Longworths,
""RASPBERRIES— $7®ld per chest, with some
'"BLACKBERRIES— $3 50@4 50 per chest.
HUCKLEUERRIES-6@8c per lb.
APPLES— b5cfc*l per box lor fancy, 50@75c
for good to choice and 25®40c for common;
Crabapples, 25@35c for small boxes and 40@
¦^PEARS— Bartletts, £5c<3$l 25 for >fancy and
60@75c for No. 2; winter varieties, flo@65c per
40©65c per box.
FIGS— 60c@$l per box for black and 40@50c
and PRUNES— 35#50c per crate a.nd
-r.fWOc per box; large open boxes. 40@73c, ac
cording to Klze: per ton. $20625.
NECTARINES— We per crate.
PEACHES — Small boxes. 4O(gO5c for ordinary
and 65@75c for choice mountain fruit; carriers,
40{JC">c; lartce open boxes, 75c£$l; per ton,
* J pOMEGRANATES-^75c@$l per box.
GRAPES— Small boxes .'15<ff30c; crates, 50®
85c; large open boxes, 75c©$l 25; Wine Grapes.
MKLONS^-Cantaloupes. rf">c©$l per crate;
Nutmeg Melons. 1K&40C pe^box; Watermelons.
$b@20 per hundred. "¦
CITRUS FRUITS — Orances. $2 50®3 for
fancy— Valenclas. $1 75©2 25 for choice and
iiei 25 for standard; Seedlings, $1@1 25; Lem
ons 75c@$2 50 per box, with some fancy
higher: Grape Fruit. $1 23®2; Mexican Limes.
$4®4 50; Bananas. $1 75@2 DO per bunch; Pine
apples, $203 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
PORTLAND. Aug. 2S.— Wheat— Walla Wal
la. 78©79c; Bluestem. SlJjSJlc; Valley. 81c.
• ¦ WASHINGTON.
TACOMA Aug. 2s.— Wheat— Nominal. Blue
stem. S3c; Club. SOc.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
SEATTLE, Aug. 28.— Clearings, $590,703;
balances. *14S,(i22. . .
TACOMA. Aug. 28.— Clearings, $2CS,023;
balances. $45.8(53.
PORTLAND. Aug. 2S. — Clearings, $358,207;
balances. $r)N.61O. ;
SPOKANK. Aug. 28. — Clearings, $312,422;
balances, $S0,84a
Northern Business.
the twenty-four hours er.iiir.t: 5 p. m..
l-'«ti meridian time, Fan Frsnriitco, Aug. 2S:
E 2 T » s <
"?% "'= -- £.5 £-
i||l *s s* *§ <=
-TATIONS. |5 | S |Z- f~ p I"
T •* ff -. " ¦
• • :&§. -.•-¦.: :
;? • : •
O'.ovtrdsle f«4 T.4 . Clear FW St
Cnlg— i.1 .',» Clear
Kureka r.s 60 Cloudy W Lt
Fresno «.«5 <!2 Clear W S
H«!liFter 71 62 Lt.Fo* W
Independence .. hH e» Clear SE 12
L:vermor«? K> SI Clear
\s* Angeles ... 74 Gy Clear SW 14
Nara 76 49 Clear SW . .
N> n man Va <u clear
Pfclenno 0<l 53 Clear . . . ] .'.
Pcrtervll!e V7 5> Clear W
Hed Bluff S4 G! Clear SE 6
Riverside M 51 Clear
Sacramento . . . M 56 .... Clear 6 14
San l>iego ic» 64 Clear NW 10
K»r. Francisco, tut P2 Cloudy W 12
sar. Jo#e fut «2 Clear
H. L. Obirpo... 88 52 Clear "W 10
Maria . . 73 55 Oear V Lt i
Ssnta Rosa. ... 73 51 . Clear
Mocktoa *0 CO i 'lear .... . . !
Wsllcwi 91 19 Clear S
Cheese is %c lower and weak at the decline.
Supplies are so heavy that dealers are writing
their country shippers to stop sending it in for
the present.
Eggs show no further change, the market
being steady, with the supply and demand
about balancing.
Receipts were 16,400 lbs Butter, 853 cases
Eggs and 24.800 lbs Cheese,.
BUTTER — Creamery. 27&28c for extras and
25@2Cc for seconds: -dairy. 21(g23c; store But
ter. 17@20c; Eastern. 22*724e.
CHEESE — New, 12O12%c; Young America,
13®14c; Eastern. 15@lCc; Western, 14(j?15c
per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 31632c for large white select
ed and iS&l'Oc for good to choice; store. 22 %@
27c; cold storage. 23c; Eastern. lS@23c per
dozen.
¦ The only feature of interest In Batter at
present Is the almost complete disappearance
of dairy descriptions. It seems that the re
ceipts from dairies are steadily decreasing
year after year, as the dairies are generally
selling tv>elr cream to the creameries, and the
prediction is made that in several years more
dairy Butter will no longer be quoted. Even
now tho quantity coming in is so insignificant
as to hardly warrant quotations. It is dull
and weak.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd. — — I
BANK STOCKS.
Am NatI Bk.120 — L P & A... — —
Anglo-Cal ... — — Mer Trust... 205 250
Bank of Cal. — — Merch Ex... — —
Cal Safe Dp. — — BP N*tlonl. — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger SAL.— — Sar & L Fa. 92%105
Hum S & L. — — Sec S*t Bk. — —
Mutual Sav. — — . Union T Co. — —
S F Sav V. — —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — — IPresldlo .... n.'-i—^ffl
Geary — — I
POWDER.
Giant 65 67 |VigorU — Sft
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — — Kilauea S C — —
Hawaiian C. 43% — Makaweli C. 21% 23%
Honokaa S C 12-% 13% Onomea S C. 25 27
Hutch S P C 13% — Paauhau S C 15% —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. 149 150 Oceanic S Co — —
Cal Fruit As. 88 91 Pae A F A.. 2% —
Cal Wine As. — 99 Pac C Borx-lW — - .
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 148 50
65 Alaska. Packers' Assn 149 00
25 Alaska Packers' Assn 149 12%
KiO Hutchlnson S P Co , 13 75
.".it Mutual Electric Light 13 «2%
10O Mutual Electric Light 13 75
50 Paauhau S P Co 15 CO
2O Pacific Coast Borax ...168 00
10 Pacific Gas Imp , 53 5O
90 Pacific Gas Imp 64 00
$1,000 S F & S J V bonds 119 00
$20,000 S P Cal 1st cons 5s (stmpd) . . . 108 00
5 Trustees' Cert. S F G & E 60 CO
Street —
$3,000 Los Angeles Ry 5s bonds 11* 25
10 Piiclflc Coast Borax 165 00
Afternoon Session.
• Beard —
S5 Alaska Packers' Assn 14» 50
10 Giant Powder Con 67 00
10 Giant Powder Con 66 75
."•¦' Mutual Electric Light, b 10.... 13 75
C> nutchlnson S P Co 13 62H
110 Mutual Electric Light 13 75
$1,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5s 10R 75
r.o Paauhau S P Co 13 50
50 S V Gas & Electric Co tttt 5O
Street — •
$3 000 Nor Ry of Cal 5s bonds 119 00
$l'oOO S P of Arizona (1909) 108 00
COAL Oil- — Wat»r White Coal Oil In bulk
14e: Pearl Oil in cases. 20%c: Astral 20Uc-
Star, 20%c: Extra Star. 24%c; Elaine. 26%c :
Eocene. 23%c; deodorized Stove Gasoline. Jn
bulk, 17c; in cases. 23%c; Benzine. In bulk.
13c: In cases. 19%<*: 8<>-degree Gascllne. la
bulk 21c: in cases. 27%c.
TURPENTINE— 7Sc per gallon In cases and
7°c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 69
C%c per lb; White Lead, 6@fi%c. according to
quantity.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags*
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.75c-
Powdered. C.CHc; Candy Granulated. 5.60c; Dry
Grnnulated. fine. 5.50c; Dry Granulated, coarse
5 50c: Fruit Granulated, 5.50c: Beet Granulat
er (100-lb begs only). 5.40o: Confectioners' A
5 50c: Magnolia A. 5.10c: Extra C. 5c: Golden
C 4.00c: "D." 4.POo: barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more: boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags
10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half-barrels'
«c; boxes. «.2Sc per lb. No orders taken for
less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
¦ BAGS — Grain Mae*. f>®MJc: S»n Quentln.
5.55c; Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece Twine, 7%0
Sc; Cotton Fruit Bags, e%c, 6ftc and 7&c for
the three grades; Brown Jute. 6%@7%c.
COAL— Wellington $8 per ton; Ntw Wel
lington $S; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant. $6 50; Bea
ver Hill. $5 60: Stanford, $7: Roslyrj. $7; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Greta, $7; Wallsend. $7: Rich
mond, $7 50; Cumberland, $13 !n bulk and
$14 25 in sacks: Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump. $11 60; Cannel. $8 60 per ton;
Coke, $11 50@13 per ton In bulk and $15 in
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $8 45 per
20CO lbs and $9 50 per ton. according to brand.
5 OIL — Linseed, 4 Ir for boiled and 42c for raw
in barrels; cases, 5c more: Castor Oil, In cases.
No. 1. 70c; Bakers' AA. $1 1001 12: Lucol. 41e
for boiled and 30c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. 90c; cases, 95c;
China Nut, 57%«?«2c per gallon: pure Neats
foot. in barrels, 75c: cases, SOc: Sperm, pure,
70c; Whale Oil, natural white. 50@55c per gal
lon; Fish Oil. In barrels. 45c; cases. 60c; Co
coanut Oil. in barrels. 5Sc for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian. •
General Merchandise.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., Auk. 2S— CATTLE— Re
ceipts. 700. Steady to 10c lower. Natives $4
4?5 60; cows and heifers. $1 75@4 85; stockers
and feeders. $2 fiO®4 30.
nOGS— Receipts, 3700. Steady to 5c lower.
Llcht $5 50®5 75; medium and heavy, $5 32'A
#5 80.
SHKEP — Receipts. 600. Top natives weth
ers. $3 75.
ST. JOSEPH
CHICAGO, Aug. 28.— CATTLE— Receipts.
2500. Texans. steady. Good to prime steers,
$5 30^6. nominal; poor to medium, ?4@5;
stockers and feeders, $2 0004 30; cows $1 50
©4 50; heiferd. $2(g3 05: canners $1 50@2 60;
bulls, $2©4 25: calves, $3 5034 75; Texas fed
steers. $3<S4 65; Western steers. $3 25@4 50.
HOGS — Receipts to-day. irfXXt; to-morrow.
9000; 10015c higher. Mixed and butchers $5 20
@5 95; good to choice heavy. $5 4005 5<>;
rough heavy, $4 0505 M; light. $3 6005 65;
bulk of sales. $5 35® 5 65.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2500. Sheep and lambs,
steady. Good to choice withers. $39.1.75; fair
to choice mixed. $2 2S©."?; ."U>strrn «he«j>, $2 75
@3 60; native lambs. $5 r>C@5 75.
CHICAGO
Eastern Livestock Market.
The third car of Western Poultry for the
week was on sale and cleaned up well at steady
prices. The liberal supplies of Western had a
depressing effect on the market for local stock
and Fryers and Broilers were noticeably
weaker. Small Hens. too. were dull, but fine
large Hens and young Roosters continued to
command full figures. Game was in moderate
receipt and easy at previous prices.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, nominal; Geese,
per pair, $1 25®1 50; Goslings, $1 50<gl 75-
Ducks, $3#4 per dozen for old and $3@4 50
for young; Hens, $465 50: young Roosters
$500 50; old Roosters. $4 50J?5; Fryers $3 30(0
4; Broilers, $2 5063 50 for large and $i."82 M
for small: Pigeons. $1 50 per dozen for old and
$1 00571 T5 for Squabs. "
GAME— Rabbits. *1 25@1 75 per dozen;
Hare, $!¦&! 25;. Wild Doves. 75c per dozen.
Poultrv and Game.
Fruit end Wheat Bulletin.
Ss.n Francisco ar.d \icinity — Cloudy Saturday
with desse for in the morning and at night •
::trht southwett wind*.
A. G. Me A DIE. District Forecaster.
Nevada— Fair Saturday: cooler
Northern Oaiifcrnla — Cloudy Faturday poesi-
K>- light rain en the northern coast; fresh
southerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Saturday; light
southwest winds.
FORECAST.
The pressure has fa!<cn over the northern
half cf the Pacific s'.">jx- and is beginning to
r;te along the roast of Ca.liforr.ta. A general
depression overlies the interrnountain region.
Fog prevail* along the northern coa«t pf Cali
fornia tsd light showers may occur Saturday
morning. It i* cooler ia th« Sacramento anil
San Joaquin va!Vy f . x heavy thur.<ler shower
if reported st El Paso with high southeast
winds.
ForecaM made st Sen Franci*co for thirty
hour* enfiiny midnight. Auruet 2»:
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Oct. Dec.
Opening 6 OS 0 6% 6 6%
Closing 6 6% 6 6% 6 6%
PARIS.
Wheat — Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening 22 00 21 15
Closing 22 10 21 15
Flour —
Opening 29 65 28 20
Closing 29 80 23 20
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was unchanged; creameries, 14@19c;
dairy, 13t?17c. Eggs, firm; at mark, 14%@
10%c. Chetse, steady; 0%@lU»c.
HOGS — Live H,ogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 6c; under
140 lbs, 6%®5%c; Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars,
CO per cent off, and Stags, 40 per cent oft from
above quotations.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follow*:
BEEF — 6@7c for Steers and 60Gc per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7®8c; small. 9©10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8©8%c; Ewes. So per lb.
LAMB— 9®10c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 8%©9iic rer Ib.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for pood, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE: — Steers, S®9c; Cow» and Heifers,
7®«c; thin Cows, 435c per lb.
CALVES — 4@5Vic per lb <gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers. 4c; Ewes. 3%«.i%o per lb
(gross weight).
LAMBS — $2 75<i?3 per head.
DRESSED MEATS.
Receipts of Hog* continue ample for the de
mand and the market shows no further change.
Meat Market.
1 s g «m j| ?!
S =: :: #; £* C
STATIONS. y Sa^ll'?B ?" ?
r f I" : r I
<» 3 • • ;
m '. \ : '. ;
. k. r 2J>. kh S2 r><> FE Clear .00
« arton :».M S4 46 W Clear .«¦>
Kureka .'iO.<>4 Ji-S O't W Cloudy .(*<
Frf*no 2&.R2 m C2 W Clear
>"agstaff 25*. SS 7S 44 S\V Cloudy .0")
Ind«-ptndenc«- 2J»0 *A €2 FE Clear .00
I»s Angetai .2n.f«i 74 Ort fW Clear .<*
M TainaipaiB.2a.J»«( 72 «6 NW clear .00
North Head .S9.U2 «0 M NW Cloudy T.
I'hoerix t*9.74 l<m 7s \v Clear .00
Pocstello 21>.J»* K2 4S PE Clear .«•
Portland 25>.7s S2 S4 NTT Ciear .00
Point Rev** .-J».'Mi 56 50 NW Dns fog .00
R»-<3 Bluff 2S.M W €2 FE dear .00
Itoseburr 29. t>2 8S trz NW Clear .00
Farrarr.^nto ..»>6 *4 56 P Clear- 00
s^alt Lake ...29.y2 M -IS NW Ciear .00
San Fran 30.02 «0 f.2 W Cloudy .00
6. L. Obisj>o.3«.©2 CS fi2 W Clear <K>
J-an Die^o ...2».»2 72 04 NW Clear 00
battle 25».*>K <;>* ?,2 NW rioudy Jot
Fpokane 29.R0 M SO 5 Clear .00
Tatr>oeh 28.82 f S ¦ ftrt W Rain 06
AValla Walla.2i».74 1«> N Clear 00
Minnemucca .2S».t>6 S6 4" Clear .00
Yuma 2S. 74 1(V» 7«i w Clear .Oij
<12<"nh Meridian— Pacific Time).
FAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 2*— 5 p. ra
Weather Report.
VEGETABLES — Green— Corn. ,75cg$l 25 per
sack: crates from Alameda, 75c@$l CO; from
Berkeley. 50c@$l: Green Peas. 3@4c per lb:
String Beans. 2®2%c per lb; Wax, 2g2%c;
Lima Beans. 1%<?2c per lb; Tomatoes, 25<fJ
50c per box for river and 40@CCc for bay: Sum
mer Squash, 30@40c per box; Cabbage 75c@$l
per ctl; Carrots. 75c@$l per sack; Cucumbers.
o0f?40c per box; Pickle Cucumbers, $1 25<gl 50
per box for No. 1 ana 75c«i$l for No. 2; Gar
lic. 2©3c per lb: Green Peppers, 25@40c per
box or sack: Green Okra, 25{?35c per box*
Egg Plant. 40#00c per box; Marrowfat Squash'
$10@12 per ten.
The market was 'well supplied and continued
easy. Receipts were liberal and Included 1620
bags of Salinas Burbanks, which were selling
at easier prices. There was a limited demand
fcr choice river Burbanks for j shipping, but
supplies exceeded requirements and prices were
unchanged. Sweets £ were easy at unchanged
rates. A carload came in from Merced and re
ceipts from Stockton were liberal. Onions con
tinued weak, with the demand light and sup
plies plentiful.
There were heavy receipts of Tomatoes from
the river and across the bay and prices had a
further decline. Tho demand was fair, but
there was a heavy surplus unsold at the close.
The canners secured several hundred boxes of
the bay article on the preceding day at 30c per
box. Green Corn continued easy owing to the
poor quality of most of the receipts. String
and Lima Beans were dull and poor quality
offerings were selling at $1#1 23 per sack.
Green Okra, Cucumbers and Peppers were
abundant and weak. Marrowfat Squash was
quoted lower, the demand being light and re
ceipts heavy.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. 50c@
$1 per ctl in sacks and Jl@l 15 in boxes: Sa
linas Burbankg, $1 25®1 60 per ctl; Early Rose,
nominal; Sweet Potatoes, 2S2%c per lb.
ONIONS— 50^60c per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Total sales 203.C0O shores.
UNITED RAILROADS OF BAN FRANCISCO
NEW YORK. Aug. 28.— Bond transactions
I United Railroads of San Francisco: 15 000 at
$78 50; 10.000 at $79; 10.0CO at $79 37%T
NEW YORK BONDS*
U S ref 2s, res..lOG%!L & N unified 4s. 0S%
Do coupon 10C%jMex Cent 4s ... 73
Do 3s. reg 106%; Do 1st lnc 17
Do coupon 1CK>% Minn & St L 4s.. 97%
Do new 4s. reg. 133% jM, K & T 4b fl«2
Do coupon 134 1 Do 2ds 77 14
Do old 4«. reg..lO»UIN Y C gen 3%s.. 05^
Do coupon lf/J'ilN J C gen 6e.... 127*4
l>o 5s. reg 101%;Nor Pac 4s 100%
Do coupon 101 14 Do 3s
Atch gen 4s 9»%:Xor & W con 4s. 97
Do adj -Js :.., (Reading gen 4s.. 94%
Bal & Ohio 4s... :k»%;s L & I M con 5s.lll%
Do 3%s S»2 IS L & S F 4s 92
Do conv 4s «<» ;St I^ouls SV. r lsts. 93
Can So 2ds 107 1 Do 2ds 72%
Central of Ga rjs.lO4%.S A & A Pass 4s. 77
: Do 1st lnc 74 Pac 4s 86
! Chee & Ohio 4%s.lO2vi So Ry 5s 113»4
: Chi A Alton 3%s. 73%lT« & Pac lsts. .114%
C. B & Q new 4s. 92 |Tol. 8 L & W 4s. 71
CM & StP *n 4s.I03 Union Pacific 4s. 99%
Chi & NW con 7«.130%! Do conv 4s .... 94%
C. It I & Pac 4».100 jWabasn lsts 114K
C.C.C. & StLgn4s J)r ( %i Do 2ds 104
Chi Term 4e .... 73 J Do deb B C0%
Colo & So 4s 84 |We*t Khore 4s... 109
Den & Rio G 4s. 98%!W & L Erie 4s... 00
Krie prior lien 4s. 1K1%!WU Central 4s... W)«
Do een 4« S2%|Con Tob r,7
F W & D C lets.lCl Colo Fuel & I.... 78«
Hocktne A'al 4%s.lO4 Rock Island 7.j2
U S Steel 78% Pennsylvania 05%
Manhattan 101%;
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con x 10;LJttle Chief 06
Alice 17jOntano 4 50
Breece 15 Ophir 140
Brune Con 05' Phoenix ......... 08
Com Tunnel 07;Poto«l 06
Con Cal & Va.. 1 25'Slerra Nev M
Horn Silver 1 00 Small Hopes .... 20
Iron Silver 1 75|Etandard l 75
Leadvllle Con ... 021
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — I Mining —
Call loans 4ft5; Adventure 6
Time loans . .^,...5Qtf:Allouez £i£
Bonds — Anial Copper *.'. . 49 U
Atchison 4s S7%[Daly West ...\... .19%
Railroads — Bingham 26
Atchison 63 Calumet & UecU.475
Do pfd 83 Centennial 21U
BoBton & Albany.249 ' Copper Range . . WJU
Boston & M&lne.USS Dom Coal SO
Boston Kiev 137 Franklin 8%
N Y, -N H & H..195 Isle Royale 7%
Fltrbburg pfd ..135 Mohawk 43^4
Union Pacific ... 84%iOld Dom ..• 10
Mex Central 14V4 Osceola ...." 01
Miscellaneous — Parrot 21%
Araer Sugar 116% Quincy j>0
Do prd 119Vt Santa fe Copper. 1J,
tween 1 and 2 points and considerably larger
gains were shown -by some of the specialties
without legislation.
The strength of Amalgamated was In sym
pathy with copper securities generally at other
points and with an Improved sentiment In the
trade for that metal. Tho market closed heavy
an4 somewhat below the best.
The bond market was dull and Irregular.
Total Bales, par value. $2,265,000.
United States 2s advanced 1>» per cent and
th» old 4s J i per cent. The new 4s regis
twd M per cent on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 33.200 63% 62% «U 4
Atchison rfd 6<X> R3V* K>% S9V*
Bait & Ohio 4,400 83 S2% 82%
Bait & Ohio rfd . . 200 87 87 &6V*
Canadian Pacific... 2,300 127% 12(5U 126%
• Central of N J 159
; Chesap & Ohio 900 34 33^ 33%
Chi & Alton 100 22% 22 22
Chi & Alton pM 63%
Chi & G Western.. 400 17 10% 1«%
I Chi & G W 13 pfd 2i>%
I Oil & NorthweMn. 100 166 166 166
Chi T^nn & Trar.s 11
Chi Term & T pfd 21%
C C C & Et Louis 71
Colo Southern 14
Colo South 1st pfd. 300 53 52% 53
Colo South 2d pfd 22 Vi
Del & Hudpon 164
Del Lack & West 240
Denver & Rio G 24
Denver & R G pfd. 200 7S 7S 78
Erie 13..Vk> .10% 2"J% 30%
Erie 1st pfd 4.<)<» 67% G7% 67 '
Erie 2d pfd 500 52% Cl* 4 52
Great Northern rfd 160
Hocking Valley 69
Hocking Val rfd 80%
Illinois Central ... 000 133% 133 133 '
Iowa Central 21
Iowa Central pfd 3S%
K C Southern 21%
K C Southern pfd.. 300 3a 'i 39% 39
Louis & Nash 900 105*4 10i' 4 105
Manhattan L 3«*> 134% 144% 134%
Metropolitan St Ry l.fVJ 114% lli% 114
! Minn & St L^uis.. 200 61 61 5S
j Missouri Pacific 11,400 94% 03% 94%
I Mo Kan & Texa*.. 100 2<H 4 20V* 2O^ 4
Mo Kan A T pfd.. 300 42 42 42
[ Nt R R of Mex pfd 4U 4
j N Y Central 2.soO 122' 120% 121%
Norfolk & Western 700 03 (2N, «J3
Norfolk &: W pfd S6
Ontario & Western 2.7UU 23% 2-{% 23%
Pennsylvania 10,000 124% 123^4 124%
Pitts C C &. St L. 100 62 t,2 C2'
Reading 10,^00 5aVi 5o 55%
K*ading 1st pfd 88
Reading 2d pld t>S%
Rock Island Co 11,600 2-S 26% 27%
Rock Island Co pfd 400 65 «5 «5 '
£t L & S F 1st pfd «5
St L & S F 2d pfd. 500 60% 50% 50%
St Louis S W MH 16% 10 10
ft Louis S W pfd. 1,300 35% y:<% :u%
?t Paul 20.200 142H 140% 141%
St Paul ofd luO 172 171" 172
Southern Pacific.. . 6.700 45% 44% 45U
Southern Railway. 2.400 22% 22% 22%
Southern Ry pfd.. 200 83% 80% 8H%
Texap & Pacinc... t!00 1'6'i 26 26 u
Tol St L & West 20
Tol St L & W pfi 28U
Union Pacific 26,600 75% 73% 75
Union Pacific pfd .' . ..'. §4%
Wabash KiO 22% 22% 21%
Wabaeh r.fd 1.000 30% U5% 35U.
W & Lake Erie ." mil
Wisconsin Central.. 200 J9 IS 18%
Wis Central pfd.. 300 40Vi 40 40
Express Companies —
Adams «22
American '.'.'.'. ISO
United States 103
Wclls-Fargo j><a>
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper . 43,700 50% 48% 49%
Am Car & Foundry 900 33% 324j, ;{"i.
Am Car & Fdy pfd .; •. . „ gjjT
Am Linseed Oil ... 1,200 13^ "«tli 10
Am Linseed Oil pfd 500 36 35 30
Am Locomotive ... 400 1914 19 1914 '
! Am Locomo pfd 84 V '
Am Smelt & Ref 44 v
Am Pm & Ref pfd. 700 90% ti6" Mil
Am Sugar Refining 7tx> 11«% 11514 116
I Anaconda Min Co. . 4,400 Ni% 83' fiJ'i
! Brook Rap Transit 400 45% 4514 451' j
Colo Fuel A- Iron... 2,000 54% 52^4 "°'-
Colum A Hock Coal j'li?
Consolidated Gas.. 4,300 179 173" " 17-j
General Electric .. 200 164 163U l«J2'i
International Paper I.:*) 13% 1^0 131/"
I Internatl Paper pfd .Vjo 1* C7 »«
Interaatl Pump 03
I Int Pump pfd '.:'.". ";o
I National Biscuit .... . .. . 371 •
I National Lead 100 15>^ 15L" 151^
North American .. 400 77% 77' 771!
People's Gas 1.200 05' 94% 04%
Pressed Steel Car. 100 42 42' 4" ¦
I Presd Steel Car pfd m
Pullman Pal Car... 100 220 220 "18
Republic Steel 100 11% n% 11 u
Republic Steel pfd. l.S()0 C8',i 0414 C5
Rubber Goods 1.500 18 1C% 1714
Rubbed Goods pfd.. 300 85 81 H r >
Tenn Coal & Iron .. 1,700 43 42 4«»i'
U S Leather 300 8 8 77J
V £ Leather pfd . . . 200 81 % 81 81
TJ S Rubber J3
X' 8 Rubber pfd " 401.'
V S fcteel 4,600 22% 22% »>>£
U S Steel pfd 4.300 71 C9% 70%
Western Union 100 83*4 83% S314
.HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
snout l%c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 10c: medium, 9c; light. 8c; Cow
Hides, 8c for heavy and Sc for light:
Stags.- 6c; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal, 9%c;
Salted Calf. 10c; dry Hides. 16c: Ory Kip, 13c;
dry Calf. ¦ 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 23@30c
each: short wool. 40® 50c each; medium. 70©
90c; long wool, $1@1 60 each; Horse Hides,
salt. $2 75 for large and $2 25@2 50 for me
dium. ?2 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 50 for me
dium, $1@1 25 for email and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican, 32%c. dry *alted
Mexican, 26c: dry Central American. 32%c.
Goat Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c: large and
smooth. 50c; medium. 35c; small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%@4%c p-r Ib-
I*t». 2, 4@4tjc; grease. 2%®3c.
W'OOL — Fall clin — San Joaquln Lambs'. 9©
12c; Foothill, 10@12c; Middle County. ll@13c.
Quotations for spring clip are as follow*: Hum
boldt and Mendocino, 18@20c; Ne\-ada. 13@15c:
Valley Oregon, fine. lS®19c; do, medium, 17©
18c; do coarae. lC@17c per lb.
HOPS— 2O@21c per lb for both 1002 and 1903.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Bank Clearings.
NEW TORK. Aug. 28. — The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet. shown tho bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week Just
ended, with the percentage of Increase and de
crease as compared with the corresponding
week of last year:
Percentages.
Cities — Amount. Inc. Dec.
I «Xfw York $!V».614.S51 46.4
[•Chicago 149,16«,S<n 6.1
•Boston 101.232.562 3.3
i 'Philadelphia 1C3.7S9.47R 2.7
! 'St. Louis 41.563.537 9.9
Pittsburg 44.472,942 8.2
•San Francisco... 25.126.720 6.0
•Baltimore 18,205,720 15.4
Cincinnati 1R.S49.WS0 4.5 ....
•Kansas City 20.253, ISO 9.8 ....
Cleveland 14.636.89S 2.1
•Minneapolis 30.540.O.5S 3.1 ....
! •New Orleane 10,I21.3fW 15.2 ....
Detroit 8.6<>4,73J 7.2
•Louisville S.13S.970 10.2 ... w
Omaha 6.3R9.923 4.4
I 'Milwaukee 6,730.843 .11.3
i •Providence 6.4S5.00O 15.3
•Buffalo 6.00S.626 12.9 ....
•St. Paul 5,322,148 2.5
i Indianapolis 5.117.837 22.2
i Los Angeles 4.935.183 9.1 ....
•St. Joseph 4.3SS.746 23. S ....
Denver 4.5«6.541 8.2 ....
Richmond 3.074.219 4.1
I Columbus 3.504.300 .... 18.4
| Feattle 3.535.321
i Washington 7 2.637.192 .... 4.3
I 'Savannah 1,026.435 3S.9
I Memphis S.ORO.lfiS 30.3 ....
Albany 3.20S.32S 12.2
Salt Lake City... 2.616.909 14.7
•Portland. Or 2.394.989 12.4
I 'Toledo 2.891. 66S 11.6
! Fort Worth 2.820.201 2.3 ....
Pcoria 2.701.043 16.1
Hartford 1.805.476 11.2
•Rochester 1.759.508 1.2
1 Atlanta 1.717.751 2.4
! Dee Molnes 1,673.731 6.3 ....
'< New Haven 1.6SS.212 2.1 ....
i Nashville 1.R43.540 20. «
Fpokane. Wash... 1.95S.O50 36.0
Grand Rapids 1,791.312 14.4
i Sioux City 835,W> 40. S
i Eprinirfield. Mass. 1.002.106 11.2
j Norfolk 1.439.703 27.1
| Dayton 1,522.814 24.4
Tacoma 1.855,852 4S.6 ....
| Worcester 1,307.405 8.4
; Augusta. Ga 5S5.191 41.6
; Portland. Me 1.423.Ofil 30.3
! Fcranton 1.555.670 31.4
Topeka 1.451.921 12.2
Syracuse 9SS.195 5.2
' Evansville 1.030.335 23.9
Wilmington, Del.. 1.006.CS2 14.4
Birminphara 1.024.066 7.2
Davenport 623.844 9.K
Fall River 515.C78 7.3
Little Rock «50.417 6.7
Knoxville 1.2Sfi.831 8.-..0
Macon 5.17,000 10.2
Wilkesbarre 931,315 37.1
Akron 075.000
Springfield. Ill 624,170 7.0
Wheeling. W. Va. . 5*3,420 16.5
Wichita M5.55rt .... 8.2
Yountrstown ..... 79«.4-!S 23.9
Helena 44R.742 5.8
Lexington 4T.0.SS4
Chattanooga Cfil.101 36. S
Lowell 363.H18 15.7
New Bedford 415,0t!3 5.0 ....
Kalamazoo 701,838 ««.l ....
Fargo. N. ,D 386.622 27.7 ....
Canton. Ohio 434.000 12.2
.Taekponville, Fla. 4S4.SC6 74.7 ....
Greensburg. Pa. . . 342.934
Rockford. Ill 4:13,257 3!».fl ....
Springfield Ohio.. 457.881 43.7 ....
Hinphamton 312.100 9.8 ....
Chester. Pa 354.635 .i|
Rloomintrton, "ill . . 839,333 37.2 .... i
Quincy. Ill 323,710 15.0
Sioux Falls. S. D. 117.552 39.3
Mansfield. Ohio... 161.275
Jacksonville. 111.. 227.f.r>7 30.2
Fremont. Nebr 132.90.1 17.8 ....
t'tlca l,74«.f)CS 4.5
Pocatur. Ill 2ftfl.«41 . 7.6
••Houston 10.507,807 .... 17. ft i
••Galveston 5.273.000 26.7
Charleston. S. C. 605.988 .....
Totals. XJ. S $1,645,629,221 19.8
Outside N. Y... 705.014.370 3.0 ....
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $18,397,050 19. S
Toronto 12,833,157 20.0
Winnipeg 4.121.276 30.3
Halifax 1.793.37(1 19.5
Ottawa 1.921.375 2S.1
Vancouver. B. C. 1.319.734 .'15.0 ....
Quebec 1.S10.245 24.5 ....
Hamilton 903.424 15.3
Ft. John. N. B.... 1.013,854 31.7
Victoria. B. C M0.711 6.5 ....
•••London C58.746
Totals. Canada. $44,333,202 10.4
•Balances t>ald in cash. **Not included in
totals because containing other Items than
clearings. '"Not Included in totals because of
no comparison for last year.
Articles. Open. High. Lew. Close.
Wheat. No. 2 —
September, old. 81% 81 % 81 H 81 %
September, new. 81% 81% . t&% Sift
December, new. 82»4 82% 82J4, 82«*
May 8l«4 84»4 '81% 84»,
i Corn. No. 2—
September 51 61 60»i 60?,
December 51% 51% 60«4 50%
May 51% 61% 60% 51
Oats, No. 2 —
September 34% 35}» 34% 35
December 361-1 SGVi 30 36Vi
May ?,h% 38% 37% 37%
Mess pork per bbl —
September 12 55 12 55 12 47% 12 50
October 12 75 12 73 12 «2>-j 12 60
May . , 13 02^ 13 05 13 02% 13 02#
Lard, t>er 100 lbs—
September 8 27^4 8 40 8 27ft S 35
October 7 62^5 7 62% 7 00 7 60
January 700 700 700 700
Short ribs, per 100 lbs —
September 7 62% 7 05 7 57% 7 60
October ..7 77V» 7 75 7 07% 7 70
January (5 C2% 6 «% C 02% 6 62%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
firm; No. 2 red epring whe.-»t. S0»igS3c; No. 2
corn. 51c; No. 2 yellow 53c: No. 2 cats, 32%©
34%c: No. 3 white, 35%{f37c; No. 2 rye, 62®
64c; good feeding barley. 425?4Sc; fair to choice
malting. 5l®56c; No. 1 fiaxseed. :>7c: No. 1
Northwestern, $1 01%: prime timothy j^ed.
$3 20: meps pork, per bbl. $12 50<gi2 55; lard,
per 100 lbs. $8 20«8 22%; short ribs sides
(loose). $7 25@7 50; dry salted shoulders
(boxed). 6;£@7c; short clear sides (boxed),
7%QSc; clover, contract grade, $10, nominal.
Articles — Recelpt3. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 11,070 6.4S0
Wheat, bu 61,200 5,850
Corn, bu 224.600 122 337
Oats, bu 226.20O 250.9S0
Rye, bu 2.850
Barley, bu 23.100 1,825
Beans continue weak, but quotations show
no further decline. The tendency, as already
mentioned. Is to sell and clear the market for
the incoming crop, and for this purpose deal
ers are making concessions to buyers. New
Blackeye are quoted at $2 50 and new Large
White at $2 60 per ctl.
BEANS — Bayos. $3; Pea, $3 25; Butters,
*3 2.V fsmall White. *2 73*83 05; large White,
$2 50©2 75; Pinlr, $2 75@2 00: Red. $2 90©3:
Lima, 53 2n«S 40: Red Kidneys, nominal;
Blackeye $2 50@2 65 per ctl; Horse Beans.
$1 40@l 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $1 70@l SO; Canary,
5@5V]C for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape,
l^'PS^c; Timothy. 6©6Hc; Hemp, 3%©3^c
per Ib; Millet. 3@3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $20©
23 per ton."
DRIED PEAQ— Green. $1 S0©2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
LARD — Tierces Quoted at T%c per lb for
compound and loeiOVic for pure; half barrels,
pure. 10tt@10%c; 10-lb tins. 10%®llc; 5-lb
tins, ll^c: 3-lb tins. ll*4c.
COTTOLENE— On* half barrel. 9%c: three
half barrels, 9^c; on* tierce. 9%e; two tierces,
9Ko; five tierces, 9tto per lb.
The .situation at Chicago remains unchanged,
receipts of Hogs being liberal and the demand
poor. There is nothing new In this market,
which Is quiet.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 12%c per lb for
heavy. 13c for light medium, 15c for light.
15%c for extra light, 17Uc for sugar-cured and
18%c for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugar
cured Hams, 15%c; California Hams, l.Vjc;
Mess Beef, $11 5O@12 per bbl; extra Mesa, S12
©12 50: Family. $13 50; prime Mess Pork. $19;
extra clear, S25: Mess, $20: Dry Salted Pork.
12%c: Pig Pork. $28: Pigs' Feet. $3 25;
Smoked Beef. 15c rer lb.
Provisions.
Lccn! securities in fair demand end generally steady.
Sih'c-r and Exchange about as before quoted.
Ji 'all-street stocks somewhat higher on the day.
Wheat market in good condition everywhere.
Barley in ample receipt, but steady.
Government in market for 3700 ions Hay and 3800 tons Oats.
Large receipts of Feedstuff s from Oregon.
Beans being sold to make way for the new crop.
Butter and Eggs about as before quoted. Cheese lower.
A r rrc Dried Peaches, Pears and Apricots firm.
Provisions continue to drag at Chicago.
Hogs easy and coming in freely.
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables in good supply and easy.
Poultry ar.d Game coming in freely.
Fresh Fruit in liberal supply and quiet.
Arner Tel & m Tc1.133 Tamarack 100
Dom iron & 8.... 10 TrlmountaJn 80*4
Gen Electric ....162 Trinity 7«
Mass Electric ... 21% United States 19Si
Do pfd 60 Utah 27U
United Fruit 05 Victoria as.;
V S Steel 22«i Winona grS
Do pfa 70% Wolverine 73
Westing Com ... 82 I
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS. '
Cons for money . 90 !>-16 N Y Central.... 124 Si
Cons for acct..9O 0-16 Nor & West..... 641?
Anaconda 4% Do pfd 90'
Archison 64»; Ont & West 24?i I
Do pfd 91K Pennsylvania C2»i I
Bal & Ohio 85^i Rand Mines 10
Can Pacific 126% Reading 284
Ches & Ohio 34i/4 Do 1st pfd 40
Chi Great West. 17*i Do M pfd 35
Chi. Mil & S P.. 145 So Railway ..... 23
I* Beers 20% Do pfd 87
Ten & Rio G 25^ So Pacific 46}»
Do pfd SO Union Pacific 76«
Erie 30% Do pfd .-... 86
Do 1st pfd rt9H y S Steel 23H
Do 2d pfd 53% Do pfd 72%
111 Central 137 Wabash 22»i
Louis & Nash ldftu Do pfd 37'
M. K & Tex 20%
Bar silver — Steady, 26d per ounce.
Money— 1{T1% per cent.
The rate of discount In th* open market for
short bills Is 2ft per cent and for three months*
bills 2 T « per cent.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
CHICAGO. Aug. 28.— Wheat opened rather
strong, influenced hy the rains in the North
weet yesterday and firm Northwest markets.
St. Louis bought wheat . here and this also
helped the early upward tendency. Septem
ber opened unchanged to U cent higher at
81%c to S1?bC to 82«4c. Elevator interests led
the buying and secured quite a following, but
the strength did not hold, local Belling on the
advance causing a break in September to
S0%c. where it rallied somewhat, closing barely
-steady at Sl©81Vic. a shade under yesterday's
final figure December closed at the bottom
price of the day. 82 >,£c. a loss of %®%e.
There was Eelling in the corn pit throughout
the session. September closed at 50y«@B0%c.
a loss of December closed lower
at 5094«50%c.
Local longs continued to sell oats. The close,
however, was steady at an advance of %o for
September at 35c and with December a shade,
higher at 36W©3C>,ic.
A strong hog market and a report of con
siderable cash lard taken for export caused
some strength in provisions. TbPre was also
covering by shorte and rocd buying by brokers
and foreign houses. The close was steady
with September pork unchanged, lard 7>4@
10c higher and ribs unchanged to 2^ higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
The Government is In the market for about
3700 tons of Hay. but includes all three coast
States In its invitation for bids. The market
is steady at previous prices.
There were large receipts of Feedstuffs from
Oregon, as will be seen, but prices showed no
change.
BRAN— $24025 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27030 per ton.
SHORTS— $24©25 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $24®25 per
icn; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26®26 50: Job
bing, $27627 50; Cocoanut Cake. $21@22:
Corn Meal, $33 60UJ34 BO; Cracked Corn. $34©
35; Mixed Feed, $23@24; Horse Beans. $2S@30
per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $U@14 O>, with sales of extra
choice at $15; Wheat and Oat, $11@13 60; Oat,
$10@13; Wild Oat, $9 50@ll 60; Barley,- $9@11;
Clover, $3 KOtgll; Stock. $509; Alfalfa, $S9
10 60 per ton.
STRAW— 40©C5c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Meats and Fish remain about as quoted last
week and Poultry shows little change.
Eggs are higher, as must b« expected at
this time of the year. whil« Butter aad Cbees*
stand about the same. Comb Honey is some
what scare* and high.
Vegetables are plentiful and MTeraJ kinds
are lower. Seasonable varieties of fruits,
berries excepted. are la good supply, with
prices reasonable. Good berries are becoming
scarce and prices are commencing to advance.
Pomegranates and Quinces are added to the
list. •
COAL. PER TON— ft
Wellington ..$— <810 OOINew
feattle $— © 8 50 Wellington *— «10 00
Roslyn $ — © 0 00'Coos Bay ...$ — © T 5O
Richmond ...$— ® 9 5O.Greta $— <J 9 00
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter, choice, eqMjffTO' Common Eggs •• — C30
Do good 45u50 Ranch Eggs ...3&QW
Do packed. lb27%@30 Eastern Eggs. .27H©30 (
Chaese, Cal 15©20 Honey, comb, per
Cheese. Eastern.. 20©25 pound — ©20
Cheese. Swiss ..25©35I Do extracted .. 8&10
"MEATS. PER FOUND—
Bacon 15©22lPork Sanaa**.. 12%«13
Hams 16<$lSj Smoked Beef ...— ®20
Lard ..j 15<© — J
The San Francisco Butchers' Proteetlr? As
sociation gives the following retail priced for.
meats:
Roast Beef 10)8 M Hlndqrtr Lamb..lS32» J3j
Tenderloin Steak.lSeiS Foreqrtr Mutton. 801O
rorterhse. do.l7H©22% Leg Mutton ...12%ei3
Sirloin Steak. .12H®15 Hutton Chops.. 12 HOI*
Round Steak . .10®12H Mutton Stew .... 8©10
Beef Stew — «10 Roaat Veal 12@20
Corned Beef .... &510 Veal Cutlets ....15039
Soup Bones .... 43— Veal Stew ....12%«15
Soup Meat ueiO' Roast Pork ...12%3J*
Lamb Chops ...— £20' Fork Chops ....1561.1
FcreqrtrLamb .12%@.15.
POULTRY AND OAME—
Hens, each SO3S0[Gees* each SI 23
Young Roosters. Goslings 8O
each 40©75 Pigeons, pair *••— «3O
Old Roosters. ea.5O@S5, Squabs per pair. — ©50
Fryers, each 40350; Rabbits each ..— €t2O
Broilers, each 25S40 Hare, each — *»?i>
Turkeys, per lb..23S24 Wild Doves, di..$l 25
Ducks, each SOQtt.
FRUITS AND NUTS—
Alllgtr Pears, *a.20«$23 Limes doa — «J1S
Almonds 1j@20 Lemons Aox ....15&2S
Apples 3© 5 Nectarines lb .. . — 9 "»
Blackberries, dr.. 25^30 Nutmeg Mel ea.2%US
Cantaloupes 10$ 20, Oranges doa 20-SJ5"
Cranberries. qt_..—©25| Plums Ib 3|8 Z
Crabapples. Ib . . 3® 4 Pomegranates ea — Q •
Pecans — <S20 Peaches per Ik.. 3@ «
Brazil Nuts 200— IPears. per lb .. 3d 5
Bananas, doz . .25^40 Pineapples, ea. ..25050
Chestnuts — @1^H Quinces, lb — © 5
Cocoanuts. each. — 010 Raisins p«r lb.. !M»1S
Dried Figs, pr lb — ©10 Raspberries. drw30<375
Fresh Figs, pr Ib. 10315 Strawberries per
Grapes, pr lb ... 5O 6 drawer 20©5O
Grape Fruit, dz 50<8$l Walnuts, per Ib..l5©2o
Huckl'b'ries. lbl0iS12%! Watermelons ea.lO®23
VEGETABLES—
Artichokes. doz...40@50'Onions. per lb. .. 1© 3
Asparagus, lb 10<gl5 Okra green Ib. 6® 8
Beets, dozen 10«» — |Okra dried lb. . — ©25
Beans, white, lb. 5® — Potatoes, lb ... 29 2%
Colored, per lb 5© — Parsnip» per ds.lM«0
Dried Lima. lb... *U 8 1 Rhubarb, lb — © S
Cabbage, each- . . 5®10 Radishes. &z bchsl5«2O
Celery, head Seio'Sage. d» bunches23O—
Cress, d2 bunch. 15®— 5trtng Beaas. lb. 3® 6
Cucumbers, dz... .10015 Summer Squash.
Garlic — ® 6 per lb 3<9 R
Green Corn. doi.23S4O Sprouts per lb... 6® R
Green Peppers, lb 4® 6 Spinach, per lb.. — O »
Dried Peppers . . 10^2?> Bweet Potatoes,
Egg Plant — « 3 per Ib 5© «
Green Peas, lb .. «© 8 Thyme.dx bnchs.25^10
Lettuce per doz.l5<g2n Turnips, per dx.. —^1X
Leeks. dx bunchs.in«20 Tomatoes, Ib ... 3{J 5
Lima Beans. Ib.. 3@ 5
FISH—
r>arracouta — (S15'P"a Bass — 013
tarp 10©12HISmelts — O15
Tatfish — «12V4|Soles 12V4«t3
Codfish —©12^ I Skates, each ...10©15
Flounders 10© — jSquld — ©10
Halibut 15®— Tomcod 12Hd—
Jlerrlng — © — ITurbot 20© —
Mackerel — ©15 Trout. Salmon ..— *jW5
Do horse ISO — Trout — 0*0
Rockflsh — ©15 Brook Trout ... — 075
falmon fresh — ©15 Whiteflsh 10©—
Do smoked ... — ©25 Clams, gallon ..60© —
Fardlnes 100— Do hardshell, lb 8© 10
Shrimps — © — Crawfish — ©^ —
Fhad 10® — ICrabs. each
Ftriped Bass ... — (315, Mussels quart. — ©12H
Perch 10?7 — lOysters. Cal. 100.40050
Pomplno — i@5Oi Do Eastern,dz.30©40
Rockcod —^15'
Flour. $4 6004 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75: Fa
rina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 75: Rolled
Oats, bbls, $768 60: in sacks. $6 80© 8 10;
Pearl Barley, $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
tarlnes. 4g4%e for white: Figs, white. 4%©
4%c In boxes: Plums, pitted. 4%®5%o per Ib.
PRUNES — 1902 crop. 2%®2%c for the four
sixes, with %©lc premium tor the large sizes.
RAISINS — 1902 crop are quoted as follows:
2-crown' loose Muscatels. 50-lb boxes. 6*4e per
lb; 3-crown. 5%c: 4-crown, 6c; Seedless, loose
Muscatels. 6c; Seedless Sultanas. 6c; Seedless
Thompsons. 5%e; 2-crown London Layers. 20-
Ib boxes. $1 40 per box: 3-crown. $1 UK 4
crown fancy clusters, 20-lb boxes. $2; 2-crown
Dehesaa. 20-lb boxes. $2 50; tt-crown Imperials.
20-lb boxes. $3; Seeded, t. o. to. Fresno, fancy.
i5 ¥ ca rt«M. 7%c; choice. 7%c.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 12%©13c;
No. 2. 10%@ll% C ; No. 1 hardshell. ll%012c:
No. 2, 10®10%c; new Almonds, lie for Nonpa
reils. 10%e for I X L. lOVic for Ne Plas Ul
tra and 8%o for Languedoc: Peanuts. 507o
for Eastern; Pecans. 11313c: Cocoanuts. $4 50
C5.
HONEY— Comb, new. 12%©13%e for white
??, -=,i* c for am *>er; new water white extracted,
ii «?? Bht ambe '" extracted. 6@5%c; dark.
BEESWAX— 27ff29e per lb.
eries of spot goods, but buyers are not specu
lating on the future. The possibilities of the
next few weeks are too great to admit of ob
ligating themselves for anything more than is
absolutely necessary. Predictions of a scar
city of goods are numerous, but this does not
frighten buyers out of their conservatism.
THE SAN JFK AN CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 29, 3903.
| FA MIL Y RETAIL MARKBi\
Continued on Page Thirteen,
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 60®
4 8fi. usual terms: Bakers' Extras, $4 50®4 60;
Oregon and Washington. $3 00@4 20 per bbl
for family and $3 00@4 40 for Bakers.
MILLSTUFF$— Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 50 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour, $3 25: Rye Meal. $3; Rica Flour. |7;
Corn Meal, 13 50; extra cream do, $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 60; Hominy, $4 25@4 60; Buckwheat
Flour and\MWstuffs.
Brokers report firm markets for Apricots.
Peaches and Pears, with prices showing a '
rising tendency. Prunes are firmly held, but I
not active. CD. Harvey In a letter to the |
San Jose Mercury quotes the president of the !
California Fruit .Exchange as saying: that it is t
quite likely that the price will settle down ;
to a 3*4 basis for four sires, with no • pre- .
mlums for large sizes. Many sales have been !
made at from 3% to 3% f. o. b. California.
NEW FRUIT— Apricota, 7%@9%c for Royals
and Ofillc for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples,
5(2iJc: Peaches. 5*4 <27c; Pears, . C<QSc: Nec-
Dried Fruits,Niits,RaisitiSjHoney.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 29, . 1903.
12
E3IPLO YMEXT WAXTED FEMALE.
LADY'S maid and seamstress and nurse, hav-
ing superior references from, one of the best
families wishes a situation. 'Appljfc to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter JU
COMPETENT hotel housekeeper desires posi-
tion In first-class hotel as managing house-
keeper; first-class references. Box 2455, Call.
YOUNG girl 17 years of age would like to take
care of a child and do light housework. Box
2401, Call office.
A YOUNG woman speaking several foreign
languages wishes a position for traveling In
Europe as lady's maid or take care children;
city references. Address box 2433. Call.
YOUNG lady, experienced In general office
work, wants position; good penman; type-
writing. Box 2445, Call.
DOUBLE-ENTRY bookkeeper and typewriter,
four years' experience, desires position; ref-
erenceE. Box 2447. Call.
A YOUNG German woman wants work by the
day: washing or cooking. Address M. W.,
757 Folsoni st. -
A GOOD laundress would like two days' work
first of each week. Box 2442, Call office.
DRESSMAKER going out by the day wishes
an assistant. Addref3 box 2425. Call office.
THOROUGHLY competent young lady stenog-
rapher wishes position: $10 per month; rapid
and accurate. Box 2402. Call office.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister »t.
EMPLOYMEXT WAXTE^D— -3IALE.
SALESMAN. American, with Eastern experi-
ence, desires oositlon with local firm; with
drug' trrfde preferred; good references fur-
nished. Box 2150. Call.
YOUNG man. with the best of city references,
wishes a position taking orders and collect-
ing; cash bond given if required. Box
24fi7, Call office. •
MAN would like situation as watchman or any
light work; will furnish bonds If necessary.
Box 245$. Call.
AN experienced poultryman wlshos situation
as manager; entire new plan and successful
new system; parties desiring to establish
new plants given preference; correspondence
solicited. Box 2i44. Call.
YOUNG man, studying law, experienced
stenographer, desires position In a good law
office. Box 2448. Call.
A SINGLE old German seeks employment;
bookkeeping, caretaklng, collecting, copying,
gardening, night clerking. Box 2452. Call.
GERMAN couple want positions; wife first-
class German cook: man housework; city,
country. Box 2436, Call office.
RELIABLE accountant wants .position; San
Francisco or references. Box
2429. Call.
BAKER, good all around man, wishes situa-
tion in country. Address box 2437. Call.
JAPANESE nice schoolboy wants situation In
respectable family as waiter or housework;
speaks well: has references. YAMASAKI,
1J2D Pine st. '
JAPANESE boy wants situation. FRANK.
807 Thirteenth St.; tel. Page 4:163.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia rt.
~~ FLATS TO LET.
HOUSES and Hats to let; an Immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantage of thl6
department: It will save you time and •
trouble. Cardes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
Ft., on the square.
PIERCE. 259, near Page— Elegant 6-room flat,
with bathroom; cheap rent; very sunny.
WALLER, 1708. nr. Park entrance — A modern
sunny flat; 5 rooms, bath, yard; rent $22 50.
$37 50 AND $40 — Middle and upper new flats;
6 rooms, bath each. 1735 Page. nr. G. G. Pk.
57. I block from Market and Six-
teenth—New 9-room flat'; cheap.
CORNER upper flat; new; 7 rooms, bath; block
from Market. 308 Church st.
PAGE. 1221 — Elegant flat. 7 rooms and bath;
beautiful view. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
PERRY. 263— Flat; 4 rooms; rent $10.
VAN NESS and Union— 7 and 8 light sunny
rooms; modern. UD-to-date; rent reasonable.
$25 — New, modern up-to-date 5 sunny rooms;
grand view city & bay. Church st., S3d&24tb.
ELEGANT flat; half block from Market st.
3943 17th st. (Castro and Igth st. cara.)
NOE. 153, north of Market — Sunny 3-room bay-
window corner Mat. 0 rooms, bath.
TO let— Flat of four rooms; 1S97 O" Farrell.
HOOKER A LENT. 14 Post tt.
FLATS TO LET — FL'RXISHED.
SUNNY furnished Hat. ;t rooms, bath; mod-
ern: rent reasonable. 1402 Polk st.
FLATS FOB SALE.
A BARGAIN— $4250; CORNER LOT, 2 FLATS:
LOT 25x114; 184 CLIPPER ST. SEE
OWNER ON PREMISES.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURXISHED.
NEW furniture 6-room flat for sale; sunny; rea.
sonable rent; 9 to 12 or 7 to 0 p. m. 2240
Post St.. corner Devisadero.
FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, .packs furniture, carpets.
HELP WAXTED — FEMALE.
WANTED — Cook, orphans' home, $40; 4 cooks,
$30, $35; 4 cooks, small boarding-houses, $30;
cook, hotel, $40; 4 second girls, tSO. $25; 3
second trirls. San Rafael, $25; 5 nurse girls,
$15, $20, $25; maid, sleep home, $30; 4 res-
taurant waitresses, $8; 4 hotel waitresses,
$20, $25; 3 chambermaids, $20; kitchen help-
er; housekeeper, 2 men, $20, will take wo-
man with a child; man And wife, email place
$40; 50 house girls at $20, $25. $:S0. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
A— HOUSEKEEPER. $20: woman with" a
child. S'-'J; laundress. $25, Institution; two
cooks $35 each; 4 cooks. $30; 3 second girls
$25; 'chambermaid. $20. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st.
AN EXCEPTIONALLY GOOD PLACE.
Cook; 4 in family; fare paid; no office fee;
exceptionally good place.; SO miles away; lady
here to-day. , MURRAY & READY, «34 and
636 Clay st. ' ¦
A — WANTED, girls -to learn halrdress, mani-
cure, etc.; trade taught from A to Z In 2
weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 positions
to fill immediately; positions guaranteed at
$10 per week up; leading school In West. 233
Geary St.. room 13.
A— LADIES, learn all branches halrdressing
trade; manicuring, massage etc.; 1236 Mar-
ket St., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught frcm start to finish in one
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladles, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class". 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
BRIGHT, energetic woman to canvass and
take orders for Cof-farln, a delicious and
nourishing cereal coffee; awarded gold medal
by California State Exposition; salary and
commission. Cof-farin Co., 400 Jackson St..
WANTED — Experienced salesladies for cloak
and suit department at STRAUSS & FROH-
MAN'8, 107 Post st.
YOUNG girl or middle-aged woman to assist
light housework. 1050 Golden Gate ave.
~I*.--- V V", _,.-! *.-¦'- *— " V* -.- ¦ *•• :¦¦-' : ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦ ¦ "_ .... - ... " ¦ - "
HELP W'AJ¥TEP— FEMA-LB— Con.
MIDDLE-AGED women to sew buttons on
shirts by hand; steady work. LEVI
STRAUSS A CO.. 36Vi Fremont st,; take ele-
vator; see Mr. Henshaw.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work; highest wages.
Apply California Canneries Co., Brannan
St., between Third and Fourth.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS A CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32H FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION, NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
. employment; day and piece work: highest
wages. CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.,
Bryant and Tenth.
WANTED — FIrgt-class thoroughly experienced
cloak- and suit saleswoman. Apply between
9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Experienced dry goods wrapper.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
- BROS'.
WANTED— First-class jacket alteration hand.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'
EXPERIENCED waitresses for first-class res-
taurants; steady positions; no fte; apply
0 a. m. to 12 m. Restaurant Keepers' As-
sociation. 6 Eddy St.. room 46.
A GOOD vest finisher: also girls 10 learn vest
finishing; steady work. • Apply 27 Geary St.,
top floor.
YOUNG girls to work on gloves: wages from
start. CARSON GLOVE CO., 123 Second st.
OVERSTITCH silker on gloves; permanent po-
sition. CARSON GLOVE CO.. 123 Second st.
WORKING housekeeper wanted. Box 2462,
Call office.
COMPETENT cook for Institution. 2344 Sut-
ter st^
COMPETENT girl: hsewk and plain cooking; 4
adults: $30; call forencon. 2123 Jackson st.
WANTED — First-class corset woman; one ca-
pable of selecting goods and taking charge
of stock; state age, experience and salary
expected. Apply box 2428. Call office.
WANTED — Pants operators: union workshop;
union wages. Apply 27 Geary at., S. N.
WOOD & CO.
WANTED — Pants finishers, union shop and
union wages. Apply at 27 Geary St.. S. N.
WOOD fc CO.
FIRST-CLASS vest maker for country. Apply
between 11 and 1 REISS BROS. A CO.. 24
Sutter st.
GIRLS — About 15. for factory work; good
wages; apply at once. AMES A HARRIS.
10© Sacramento st. - •
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
. to travel. Apply Girls' Directory. Central
ave. and Waller st.
ERRAND girl wanted at 121 Post St.. room 43.
A GIRL who underrtands German cooking;
small wash. Apply before 1. 1946 California.
LADY piano player for country; must be
singer. Apply room 5, Hancock House.
DIGNIFIED experienced traveler for wholesale
house. Box 2440, Call office.
\VANTED-r2 ladles to travel with Rlngling's
show; must be stout. Box 2430, Call.
A NURSE girl to take care of a baby. French
Laundry. 1253 Pacific at.
LADY agents on salary. Call 9 to >">. office 59.
Columbian building, 916 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmor%.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094
Valencia st.
HELP AVAXTED— -MALE^
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Employment Office
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
SPECIAL SHIPMENT— NO OFFICE FEE.
2 carloads laborers, hammersmen. $2-$2 25.
Company's work, Nevada; board $4 50.
TO-DAY (SATURDAY) ONLY— FREE FEE.
SHIP TO-NIGHT (SATURDAY) for Nevada.
FREE FA HE. FREE FEE.
FREE FEE. FREE FARE.
Extra gang for Tracy, $1 70.
Extra gang for San Jose, $1 00.
Absolutely Free Fare" for All Above.
FOR CHICO. BUTTE COUNTY, CAL.
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
Teamsters, laborers, rockmen, $2 25. $2 50.
Special rate fare. $2 W. Ship to-day. *
Office Fee $1.
For New Work. El Dorado County, Cal.
Big Flume and Ditch.
Rough carpenters, hammersmen, $2 50, $3.
Laborers, $2 25.
Special rale fare. $3 C5. Ship to-day. \
Office Fee $1.
3 cooks, R. R. camps, free fare, $40, $65.
50 lumber pilers. north, $52 found; camp
Blacksmith, $50 found; quarrymen. laborers,
farmers, choremen, milkers, $25, $35.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Relief fry cook and broiler. $75; vegetable
cook, restaurant, city. $60; potwasher, dish-
washer, near city, $:<0-$25: houseman, •coun-
try hotel, free fare, $30; baker'a helper, $."50;
mangle boy, country hotel, $18 found, free
fare; pantrymen, sllvermen, . porters, pot-
washers, waiters, bell, elevator boys, others,
. $20-$35.
'C. R. HANSEN A CO. . .Employment Office,
429 Bush st 642 Clay st,
8 MEN to work as laborers for sawmill com-
pany, fare free, short distance, first-class
place, $40 and Increase: 3 Jobbing black-
smiths and horseshocrs. $3 day; 2 gardeners
for country; man about place, city. $30 and
found; Etablc and choreman, country, $30
and found; errand boys. $20; fruit picker,
$1 25 and found; man and wife, private fam-
ily. $40 and found: farmers; milker. $35 and
found; foreman for fruit ranch; laborers,
miners woodchopners and many others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento St.
COOK and wife. $60; butler. $35; cook for re-
sort. $60 and found; cook for institution. $55:
hotel cooka; boarding-house cooks. $35 and
$40; restaurant third cook. $50; kitchen man,
country hotel. $.50; waiter and wife. $40 and
found; dishwashers bell boys and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO..
305-6-7-8 Callaghan bldg.; phone Jessie 4631.
All-round dry goods and furnishing goods
man for store out of .town, salary $15 week.
Traveling -alesman with experience In dry
and fancy goods, not over 25 years old; per-
manent po-itlori to right man. . ,
Rapid and accurate operator for the Bur-
roughs adding machine; good salary and per-
manent position.
Bookkeeper between the ages of 25 and 2S;
must be competent and accurate; salary $65.
High-class accountant for auditing work.
2 flrst-clasa clothing salesmen.
6 carhboys about 15 year* old.
2 office boys, 16 to 17 years old.
3 boys, 16 to t7 years old, to learn trade.
Expert type caster, man about 30 years old
preferred; salary $18 to $24 per week.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot- form shoes at $2 50: we pay
express or mall chgs. 11 Third st.. Exam. bid.
YOUNG man to learn ' underpresaing on vesrs;
steady work. Apply 27. Geary st.. top floor.
BOYS to work on springs. Crescent Feather
Company. 405 Jackson fit.
HELP WASTED — MALE Con. ~
MURRAY& READY,
Phone Main 5S48. 634 and 638 Clay at.
Leading Employment and Labor . Agents.
Office half block long; 14 clerks employed: by
our own printing plant we publish a "FREE"
Bulletin, of Labor, containing every position
segregated under departments, ready for dis-
tribution 7 a. m. ; also noon and evening
editions. GET ONE FREE.
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
We know no distinction between Man and
Man.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1902 WE GAVE 3 1903 WE'LL GIVE
45,000 MEN WORK. 60,000 MEW WORK,
WE SHIP YOU FREE TO ONE.
FREE TO-DAY. FREE TO ALL.
Ogden, Utah. All parts Nevada.
Los Angeles County.
Oregon. Willlts. Ukiah.
ARIZONA. TO-DAY.
And all points North, East, South. Including
Ogd«n. Utah. '
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fence
builders, drillers, single, double and machine
men, corner and bench 'hands, muckers, chuck
tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, laborers,
trackmen, cooks, waiters, blacksmiths, etc.,
$5. $4, $3 60. $3, $2 50. $2 day.
FREE FARE'. FREE FARE! FREE FARE!
EVERYBODY TALKING. Thousands Going.
ARE YOU? ARK YOU? ARE YOU?
MURRAY A READY.
634 and 636 Clay at.
COME.
8C5 laborers, teamsters, city and country
jobs, $2. $2 50 and $3 day. All classes pf
work. Come, see.
155 Italians, $2 25 day. ,
You board yourselves. Steady Jobs.
26 laborers, free fare, 14 miles away, $42
and found.
155 coal miners, free fare, $3 to $5 day.
165 laborers, teamsters, Willits, Uklah, free
. fare. $87 50.
Do You Know — Free Fare —
¦• On every train we ship to S. P. Co.'s own
work, on all divisions, laborers, extra gangs;
also section hands. f
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY. N
186 teamsters and ax men, $75.
107 laborers and drillers, $75.
155 track layers, ballast track. $67 50.
Cost you only $1; no discount: steady Job.
MINES. QUARRIES. TUNNELS.
155 laborers, you'll suit, $C0. $75. found.
W> miners and timbermen, $90 found.
1K6 quarrymen. also drillers. $S2 to $90.
fl« carmen, furnace men. $75.
STABLES, FARMS, DAIRIES, HARVEST.
1f>« farm, orchard, vineyard hands. $30 to
S45 found.
38 milkers, butter makers. $30, $35, $40 found.
156 harvest hands, hay balers. $2 50. $3 day.
68 choremen, coachmen, gardeners, $30 to $50
and found.
Ifl stablemen, city and country, $30 to $45 fd.
86 men for brick yards, $35 to $80 found.
MARRIED HELP WANTED.
12 men and wives, farm-, orchards, mines,
mills, $10 to $70 and found.
MURRAY, & READY.
; 634 and 638 Clay st.
WHERE ARE THEY?
8ft lumber trusts and syndicates.
Located In Four '¦ ¦ States.
Managers here. Two Territories.
FREE— FARE— FREE,
i»05 laborers, no experience wanted $35 to $70
and found.
W experienced mill and yard men. $40 to
$150 and found.
383 woodchoppers. $40 to $150 fnund.
3K6 woodchoppers. tlemakers, shlrigle. post,
picket and box bolt makers; tools and pro-
visions found.
RIO L MURRAY A READY.
TRUSTS. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— COOKS— BIG PAY
COOKS. BIG PAY. COOKS. COOKS.
26 cooks for harvest and fruit ranches hay
presses, etc.. $70. $60. $50. $40. $30 found:
very few men to cook for; no women there.
4 cooks for different mines, $70 $65 $50 $40
found.
id cooks, hotels, restaurants, cafes, saloons,
etc., $70 to $40 found.
WAITERS.
?2 waiters, different places, including cafes,
grills. $45 to $30 found.
6 bell and elevator boys city and country
positions. $15 to $.10 found.
P porters and bedmakers city and country
positions. $45 to $20 found
S6 dishwashers, etc.. city and all parts of
California/ $40 to $25 found.
18 boys to learn trades and work in fac-
tories. $6 to $12 week.
COOK. NEVADA. $50; FARE PAID.
Baker, country shop, fare $.'J $5O- helper $25
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay 'st.
SPECIAL BY TELEGRAPH.
MIDNIGHT BY PHONE AND LETTER.
READ CAREFULLY EVERY LINE.
3 carpenters, house work, fare 75c, $90.
Cook, lunch counter, 10c fare. $40 found.
Butcher, ranch, fare $3 60. $40 and found.
Butcher, shop, Sonoma Co.. $."i;> and found.
Bakrr. shop. Sonoma Co.. $50 and found.
Farmer and wife, ranch, 10c fare, extra good
job, $50 and found.
Cooper for wine tanks, boss here, fare $3 50,
$105.
12 men, different hay press Jobs. $i to $5 day.
2 waiters, same place, fare $1 50, jS a week
and room.
Cook, hotel, fare 30c. plain good job, $00 fd.
fi laborers, big. good factory. 10 hours, $75.
6 laborers, board yourselves, 10c fare. $60.
20 men. anybody will do, pick prunes, fare
$1 CO. $3 ton.
18 laborers, gold mine, fare $3 .50. $75.
4 laborer?, city, good foundry, $2 25 day.
Wine maker, vineyard, big wages: also 2
farmers for same vineyard, etc., you'll suit,
$2 day. board In hotel.
12 laborers, force work of North Shore R. R.,
free fare, $67 SO.
WAREHOUSE— FARE $1.
12 laborers, bo exp?rience wanted. $3 day.
26 ITALIANS— FREE FARE.
For Los Angeles, Santa Barbara, San Luis
Oblspo.
ARIZONA— 000 MILES.
TO-DAY TO ARIZONA.
Cement finisher. $4 50: machine hand, furni-
ture factory, $2 50 day: 2 bench hands,
planing mill, $3 50; cook's helper, mine, $35
and found; bark peeler, fare $1, $10 and
found: 6 laborers, rity foundry. $2: tinsmith,
$3; blacksmith, lumber company, north. $90:
leverman. dredger, boss here. $60 and found:
boys for wholesale druggist, $18 to $35;
coachman, gardeners, etc.
Machinist country winery. $40 and found.
TOGETHER. BUTTER MAKER
And milker, fare paid, Inyo Co.. $70 found.
DRIVER. MERCHANDISE,
Country store. Tuolumne Co., $60 to $75.
2 boys, little experience, city machine shop,$0
3 milkers, steady Jobs year round, $35 found.
Carpenter, set up tanks. $90.
.*! milkers, steady Jobs year round. $35 found.
Gardener and coachman, fare 25c, boss here,
• $25 and found.
Plasterer for cement trays. $3 50 to $J day.
Milker, run separator. Madera Co.. $35 fd.
It! boys., city factories and stores, $20 found,
$4 week tip.
2 spool tenders. $f0; 2 log loaders. $90.
Blacksmith, lumber co., fare $3, $90.
3 laborers. lime quarry, fare $1, $fi7 50.
6 laborers, extra good men. fare $1 25. $60.
Choreman. city, private residence. $30 'found.
BEST PLACES AT MURRAY & READY'S.
BEST WAGES AT 634-630 Clay bt.
LOOK. MEN.
CARPENTERS AND HELPERS; FARE $3.
12 carpenters, plain work. $90.
15 laborers to help them and do other work.
$67 50; steady, good job« for Americans.
WATER ELECTRIC POWER SYNDICATE.
MURRAY & READY. 034-636 Clay st.
BOARD YOURSELVES IN HOTELS.
12 laborers -hovel work. 20c fare, $60.
MURRAY & {READY. C34-630 Clay st.
EXCEPTIONAL GOOD MINE.
. 15 laborers, no experience wanted. $67 50.
MURRAY & READY. C34-036 Clay st.
ITALIANS— FREE FARE— ITALIANS.
36 laborers, Humboldt Co., Lumber Co.: man-
ager at our office. $35 to $50 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay st.
CARPENTERS.
4 carpenters for vineyard and wine co., $40
found.
4 carpenters, lumber co.. fare $3. $75 fd.
4 carpenters all same work, 50c fare, plain
work. $3 to $3 50.
25 carpenters, big R. R. Job. $f>0.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay tt.
NOTICE!
Interpreter speaking several languages want-
ed for our office.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
ARE you going fruit picking to-day or to-
morrow ? 295 men wanted ; anybody can do
the work; a man or a boy who can eat fruit
can pick fruit. $1 Fee. $1 Fare.
FRUIT W0 fd. FRUIT
PICKING $30 fd. PICKING
TO-DAY. $30 fd. TO-DAY.
Some to work about packing and dry houses;
you can have a good vacation and come
back with $90 to $120; We ship north, eaat,
south also many to the great wineries
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
• $5,000,000 BANKING TRUST,
4 teamsters, 4 horses, steady job year round,
$10 found.
3 handy nien about orchard, vineyard; you'll
suit. $26 found.
4 plain : carpenters, few tools will do. $40 fd.'
Foreman grain ranch, to start with. $5O and
• found. and increase.
President -of .bank at our office. 'See him.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st. '
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 20 Montgomery, r. 12.
Night waiter, country hotel. $40; bell boy,
$13; colored waiter, $30; waiters. $30.
TRY our. men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot- form shoes at $2 50; we pay
• express or mall chgs.,11 Third St., Exam. bid.
CABINET makers, carpenters, stock cutter In
cabinet shop, r Interior Finish Co., 622 Third.
WANTED— Man to wash dishes. 2120 O'Far»
rell st.
BARBERS— First-class 4:Chair shop; nearby
1 town; modem; estab. 8 years. 24C0. CalL
iT^Fnn ¦¦_.- M 7 rm— m ¦imhim h Fti ¦ 1 ¦¦i.n. fill sm ¦¦ «¦¦ Ti ti ¦ 1 ¦> 1
i.onr.i\o Horsres for s.«.t.b — roi y !
ICO ROOM'S- house for men; rent $140 $4000
S8 rooms: touth of Market: rent $100.. 2000 j
24 rooms; ccrner; part cash; bal. easy. 850 ,
II rooms; good income; rent $20 350
51 rooms: water front; rent $40; lease. C50 t
120 rootns; good lease : low rent 6500
67 rm«. ; apartments: Western Add.; rent 250
Money lr-aned at 1 per cent.
Hotels roadhoure* f.ats. 5 to 100 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny St.
THOMAS OUELLETTE; special life readings
lU'c- absolutely free unless correct; full
names given. 3i glxth St.. rooms 10 and 12.
AKUIVI_IV-P_IOF. KKED P. EVANS, the fa-
mou* psychic; stamp for circular. 1112 Eddy
t-t , near Octavia.
KATIE HSCSSMAK. circle Friday evening,
25<-: sittin-K. 1000 Harrison St.. cor. Sixth.
UVSS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance clairvoyant,
r.uf!n««i tr.fdium and life reader. 416 Turk.
UiWARU KARLE. 1052 Ellis, reading, dally,
• :SO to 4: reascf Sunday and Thursday-
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— CALL AT ON'CE AND SAVE $2.
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE
The Firs: Registered Trance Clairvoyant ana
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make you no charge If I fail to tell your
name, occup»t!cn find what you call for; I
promlt-e to tell you whether husband, wife or
fivwt heart Is true or false: to tell whom and
when you will marry; in fa«t» I will tell you
e»ery hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself. He restores lost affections,
reunites the serarated, causes speedy and
happy marriages, makes you successful and
prosperous cures disease and lost vitality
without medicine locates hidden treasures;
hcur« 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. ; Sundays 2 to 8.
325 O" Farrell ft.. 326^
MME. M BERNARD THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and bu5lness medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner'
bldg": »he reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings ar.J portrays events to
occur In the future: If you are In trouble, dis-
contented cr not satisfied In life, or have do-
mcitic. love cr business troubles, consult this
greot mt-dium and you will ba told how to
overcome them; valuable a d vice In all affairs
of 1lf«-: 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
ings by malL Tel. Black 4569.
ISMAH. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located st 1104 Market
et cor" Turk: private readings dally. 10 a.
m " to 5 p. m. : readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered. $1;
full" life- $5; send lock of hair, date and yeat*
of With': don't s*nd currency.. Send postofflce,
Wers-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant" and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight: tells the past, present and future;
ladies 5oc: gents. $1: by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting; $1 60. 126 Turk st.
Mrs a! H. Krcnenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card read»r. will give a good reading. 10c, lor
a short tlir.e only; when ethers fail try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
A — Mine. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given: 25c up. 0 4th st.. near Market.
MF.S FHAFER clairvoyant card reader: sit-
tings dally. 448*_ Jesple St.. bet. 5th and Oth.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
2C'i Kearny, room 20: ladles 25c, csnts 50c.
CAH PET nEATl XG A >D CLEAXIXG.
A1K. compressed, dry. ice cold, is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor without removal or injury; prices mod-
erate AppJy S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLKANIN'J < "O . Call big.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you beexme diterusted with your work
j-end f<*r SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, _^5-o57 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J McQueen,
proprietor. 32t« Guerrero *t. ; tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
n;atmt>ei made ever. 1402 Howard;South 210
ADVANCE <*ari>ft Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main VM. GEO. WALCOM A CO.. Props.
ltUDi iLPH & CO., caryet-bf-ating works; price-
re»FonabU. 17c:; Harrison ft.: tel.Mlsslon 2«3.
CONKLiN'S s-UDerior Carpet-beating Works.
3oC Gddea Gatr a\V : telephone East 12«.
, CHIROPODISTS^ ____„„„
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 60 Geary— All
n!:n'.»nts cf the feet cured: corns, hunlons.ete.
COLLECTIO.V OFFICES.
1 1SANISHAKT WEYER,
Collectors.
No. 1170 Market Street. Room 37.
I AiJV JCt irte: U»<1 tenants ejected speedily. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY.. r. N5. »16 Market;
let Red «ilf>; collections: gen'l law business.
BAD tenants ejected :or $4; collections made;
city cr cnumry. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, room'' 0-10: tel. 5580.
DEXTISTS.
DR LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr.Eleventh
— No charge lor extracting when plates are
i.-.ii-ie; ol'J plates made over like new; teeth
i from $S per -et: extracting. 50c: gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crown. $:$ 50: fillings. 50c;
plates. J5; mil set; all wt.rk palnl'BJ and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
'.JOLD fllllncF. 75c; silver. SScj crowns. $2; no
pain: opm Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Suttcr.
PAIUS Dental Parlors. 2-'^> Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set tteth. $1 50 up: crowns, $2 up; fillings, 25c
10 PER CENT off this month: estimates free
N*«-w York Dentists. l»*a Miggion st.. cor. 6th.
D&BSSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
—Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, -unburst & knife plaiting, fcltew-
arfs button A buttonhole factory. 110 Tavlo?.
DVEIXG AXD CLEAXIXG.
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc.. done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Wtrks. 3915 Sacramento; phone
tor wagon. West 4K3. II. HICKMAN. pres.
EDCCATIOXAL.
A — CALDYVELL College of Oratory, Acting,
Opera and Authorship; laigcst in the West;
14 teachers; positions guaranteed; tail term
'\*5ints Sept. 7; day Ac evening class; beautltul
>-<\v catalogue free. 1295 Market, cor. Ninth.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post, S.
V. — Bookkeeping, rhorthand. touch typing,
Janguagts. telegraphy. English branches;
day and night Be--ion-; illun. catalogue tree.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236 Mar-
ket; modern, progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 years. Gregg shorthand, fastest,
eastett. niost readable. Actual business
Lockkeeping; typewriter at home free.
COACHING, from primary grade to High
School, including music and arawlng, by ex-
perierced teachi-r; 50c an hour for single
le>snn: reduction U%r more. MRS. E. BA-
KEK. 3114 Washington; phone Steiner 2151.
AYRES. the leading busineas college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; special summer course in all depart-
ments: handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
£b'p. J"C; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkln si.
"A thorough school" ; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual In-
struction Write for Illustrated catalogue.
HIXMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk si.,
betwten Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
HEALD'K School of Mines & Electrlclty,24 Post
it.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
THE Berlitz School of Languages has removed
to 1000 Van Ness ave.; rates reduced during
hummer. Send for catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. mecn., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 18G4. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SYSTEM, discipline and results; the Golden
Gate Commercial College, Van Ness and
Golden Gat; aves..S.F. : fills every requlremnt
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evcn<ngs at Teutonia Hall, Howard
st.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster. 1
p PIANO and German; pupil of Lelpsic Conser-
vatory: lessons 75c and $1. 34tt Golden Gate.
AT Kingsland Art Shop — Drawing, painting
and -burnt work. 11M Haight St., near Lyon.
SCHOOL Of ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night clans.
L^Eh.SONS given in Water Color or Oil Paint-
Ing from Nature. CURRIER, 372 Sutter ft.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
tie; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mlsslon.nr.6th.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market. nr.lOth.
Pittman thorthand. typing, hookkpg.. $8 mo.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post St.; tel7~Busir 13_~
Japanese - Chinese employment office; fur-
nithe- ben help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chinese help. 420 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 413
Stockton: tel. Grant 1US; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Office — Beat help at
Leon Stung' 6. 411H O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all klnd> help v 315 Stockton: Main 518a.
CHINESE and Japanese help; e*tab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1&97. BRADLEY & CO., WO Clay.
¦-.¦-• ¦ _M Bfa_ ____!
HELP WAXTED— MALE— Coa.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520 Sacramento st. 520.
Phone Main 1191. Cor. Leldesdorff st.
ASTORIA— On Columbia River, new.
OREGON— Portland— Fee $1.
25 laborers, 52 25 day; 25 rockmen, $2 50
day: beard, $4 week; company work: no dis-
count; very cheap'fare; no strike — Fee $1.
NEW WORK— NEW CAMP— N. S. R. R.
20 laborers, FREE FARE— Fee $1; $07 50.
We ship to RENO, NEVADA, to-day.
FREE FARE; fee $1; S. P. R. R. Co.'s own
•work.
WILLITS; fee $1; FREE FARE: 20 laborers
and- teams terp, $2 25 day; ship to-day.
BUTTE CO.: ship to-night: 25 laborers,
teamsters and rockmen, $67 50 to $75; fee
$1; half fare.
DIAMOND MATCH CO.'S own work: 50 la-
borers and spikers; half fare; ship to-night;
fee $1.
S. P. R. R. CO.'S own work; FREE FARE;
100 section and extra gang men; fee $1.
~ S. P. R. R. CO.'S own work; free fare; 50
Italians.
HUMBOLDT CO. FREE FARE— FREE FARE.
25 Italians, railroad work, woods, large saw-
mill company, $05 'found.
IHUMBOLDT CO.— HALF. FARE — Large
lumber company; 20 laborers, $2 day; 60
cents day board.
10 fruit pickers, Santa Clara County, $28 fd;
5 teamsters, large ranch, $40 and found:
cook, camp; free fare; good Job. $60 and
found; 30 laborers. 10c fare. $2 day; 3 chore-
men, private places. $25 to $30 and found;
bosses here; we want miners, muckers, tun-
*nelmerf. laborers, blacksmiths and helpers;
2 coal miners, south, $75 to $S2 50; farmers,
teamsters, woodchoppers, milkers, cooks,
waiters, dishwashers, etc. Call and get a
free list of Jobs at
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
520 Sacramento st.
SPECIAL— 2 section foremen: 1 extra gang
foreman: S. P. R. R. Co.'s own work, south.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 520
Sacramento at.
MIDDLE-AGED man; must understand gar-
denlng; $15. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
BOYS wanted immediately to pare fruit with
machine; good wages. California Canneries'
Co.. 423 Brannan st.
WANTED — Barber at once: must be first-class;
will use no other; wages $20 per week: steady
Job. Address H. A. GOEHRING, Red Bluff.
Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third st. ; 250 rooms: 25c to 50c per night.
TRY our men's ahoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50, or
orthopedic shoes, $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Third St.. Exam. bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
WANTED — Boys to work on cherries. $4 a
week to start. Apply at FLEISCHMAN A
CO.'B. 608 Front st.
WANTED — Walter: good place. Apply Mc-
Mahon House. Holy Cross. Colma; car fare
paid.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and steady. 137
Third at.
BARBER wanted Saturday. 229 Fourth at.
BARBER wanted for. Saturday and Sunday.
602 Howard st.
BARBER for Saturday night. 428 Sixth at.
WANTED— Good barber for Saturday; salary.
$4 25. 100 O'Farrell st.
RELIABLE office boy: must understand type-
writing and shorthand; refs. Box 2459. Call.
WANTED — Pants operators; union workshop:
union wages. Apply 27 Geary St.. S. N.
WOOD & CO,
A .THOROUGHLY competent clothing sales-
man; none other need apply. S. N_WOOD
6 CO.
A YOUNG man to assist In wrapping depart-
ment. S. N. WOOD A CO.
WANTED — An experienced salesman for glove
and ribbon department. Call at STRAUSS &
FROHMA.VS, 107 Tost st.
WANTED — For the U. S. Marine Corps, able-
booled. unmarried men. between 21 and 35;
good character; must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
In all parts of the world, en land in our Isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations In the
United States. Apply at recruiting office. 40
Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal.; 222% N. Main
St., Los Angeles, Cal.. and 401 K at., Sacra-
mento. Cal.
WANTED — Educated young man to learn our
business and take responsible position when
qualified; $900 per year; first-class references
required. Stoddard Lectures, 210 Examiner
building.
WANTED — Strong, healthy man 25 to 45 years
of age who understands poultry work; must
know how to milk; give full particulars In
answering thts: wages $25, with Increase.
Santa Teresa Poultry Farm, Edenvale, Cal.
WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
dry goods delivery clerk; one capable of tak-
ing charge of delivery department; state age.
experience and salary expected. Apply box
24^9. Call of rice.
WANTED — Half or whole Interest In good
raying barber shop by an expert all-round
arttst; reference gvien. Address box 91, Fow-
ler, Cal.
WANTED — Young man to teach little boys In
return for board and assistance In his stud-
ies. Write or call after 6 p. m. on H. C.
COONLEY. 1017 Clay st.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED — Experienced salesman to take
charge of glove and ribbon department. Ad- f
dress L. R. & CO.. box 24 1«. Call.
2 NEAT hustlers adapted for ex-Insurance
or sewing machine agents; permanent; good
pay. Apply 573 Ellis St.. bet. 4:30 and 5:30.
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers.
Apply room 14, 24 Montgomery St., San
Francisco Construction Company.
WANTED — Good, sober country newspaper
man. Call Monday at 626 Callagnan bldg.
BOOTBLACK wanted in barber shop; wages
paid. 1543 Devisadero »t.. near Post.
BARBERS, 2-chalr shop for eale; price $60;
cheap rent. Vox 2454, Call office.
MAN to do janitor work for tuition in S. F.
Barber School. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary teamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S, 2rt Steuert st.
LARGE errand boy for tailor shop. 110A Wll-
. Ham st., oft Geary, near Taylor.
STEADY, active boy for wholesale house: stat*
age and experience. Bex 243S. Call office.
WANTED— Oyster man; also porter, at 463
Seventh st., Oakland.
BARBER shop; 4 living rooms; cheap rent; 3
years' lease; reasonable. 229 Hayes st.
YOUNO men for Australian ships; also sailors,
at HERMAN'S. 2B Steuart St.
COATMAKER for country. REISS BROS. A
CO., 24 Sutter st.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40, Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to ard from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisement- and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 MisMon st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes halt soled while waiting; 23c
to BOc. 5tEI Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2rt .its.
HORSES AXD WAGONS.
SECOND-HAND wire wheel buggy and Jog
cart, Victoria, BrewMer coupe, surrey, phae-
ton, tandem cart, cheap. O'BRIEN'S, cor-
ner Polk st. and Golden Gate ave.
ON account of going to build, entire stock of
wagons, buggies and harness must be sold at
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia sts.
CHEAP: registered thoroughbred filly; foaled
Feb. 10, 1901. 850 Market St., room &.
SOUND yovng horse, true and gentle; weight
about 1500; cheap. 2S43 Mission st.
FOR sale — Handsome trap;, cheap. Box* 1050
Call office.
i ,
8 GOOD horses for sale cheap. 327 Sixth st,
GENTLE horse; will follow you; good home
more than price. 473 Valencia st.
ONE fine buggy, fruit wagon, cart. 2d-hand;
new laundry wagon, cheap. 828 Harrison st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagoa
and trocart for rale cheap. Kg Ml**lon st.
HOUSES TO LET — KUH.MSHEO.
A WELL furnished house, piano. S rooms: very
sunny; fine '.ocaticn; 1375 Masonic ave. Apply
MADISON A BURKE. 3O Montgomery st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN A CO..14 Montgomery.
BEFORE moving get our printed lint of houses
. to let. BALDWIN A HOWELL. 25 Pout at.
HOll&KS TO LET FUKMSHED. ¦
TO let — Handsomely furnished house of 21
rooms and 3 bath rooms, including parlor,
library and billiard room; Sutter St.. near
Van Ness ave. Apply to MADISON &
BURKE, 30 Montgomery st.
SAX FHAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
CaH. corner M-rket and Third street*: open
until ".2 o'clock every night in the year.
BKAMJI OFFICES—^7 Montgomery street.
G corner «"l_y: orx-n until i):30 p. in.
MiO Hayes ftreet: open until 9:S0 p. m.
<£>a McAllister s:re<t: <.r*en until 9:80 p. m-
133 Lai kin ttre*t; open until 9:30 p. ra.
1941 3d;**li n street; open until 10 p. n».
22'.il Market sireet, coiner Sixteenth-; open
crtil :t ;r. m. p
10S ESteVCBtJl street ; open " ntl1 9 *¦ m '
10IIU Valencia street; cj*-n until 9 p. nv
Sersltwmt <orncr of T*-eniy-s»con4 and Ken-
V m %f Etrrrts; open until » p. n».
22f<« i'illnyrf Ftrpft; or>" ur.til 5> p. m.
CHt BCM SEIll 1CKS.
FIRFT United Presbytrrian Churcft. c.-rner j
• ;ldrn Gate a\e. and IV Ik st.— Preaching ;
to-n-.orrrw at 11 a. BL and 7 :4.*t p. m. by th* j
rujftcr. H. H. ntll. D. D. Morning theme, ;
"The Inward Conflict." Evening thtme..
"Duty vs. Consequences." Sabbath-school at |
S:4.-. a- m. C. E. Societies at SSM anJ «:3O
rs n:. Stransi-rs cordially Imited to all
services. IVwe Tree. Courteous ushers. Come
and brlns your friends. Or. September 6 the
j*5t<-: will beciB Mi evening series of rer-
mons to •¦nii«:n»ys : Men." to be folljwfd by
11 xrlrs to "Lnbirirg Men."
51EETI>G NOTICES.
1">L1KXJKNIA Commander}' No. 1. K. . ¦_>_.
, >;'¦¦- asseirbly TH!? CSATCR- TSW*
DAT! AFTERNOON at 2:30 o'clock. C3
also THIS EVE3CIXG at 7:."i o'clock. W
order if Temple. All fraters cour- w
terusl* invited.
THOMAS H. BROWNE. Commander.
T. L HENDERSON. Recorder.
PAST Masters' Association cf Caiifor- a
• r.'.n I" a:v1 * M. — Regular monthly f\
i^eetins THIS EVENING it 8 /££_,
c'clork. By order of the president. «_*__• 1
H. 3. OWES, Secretary.
UISSICRC Chapter No. 79. R. A. M. — »
epceiitl meeting THIS (SATURDAY) VV
tVKMNO r.t 7:30 o'clock. M. M. /VN
d»fri«-e. By ordt-r of the H. P.
JOHN' R. H1LLMAN, Secretary.
MISSION Ltiijre No. 169. F. and A. M. O
— <"»ificeT-> and members are hereby no- "^Q/T
i;ficd to attend the funeral of '->ur de- /V\
erased brother. ISAAC BKRRY
«'Jt«K - KEK. from the haJl of this lodge
PCNDAY AFTERNOON at 1 o'clock. By
ctder of the W. M. R. E. ALLAN. Sec.
1H>R1' - Ludg- No. L'lfi. K. and A. M.— O
*;*. lal meeting THIS CSATOKDAT) 'VY
12VKNINO at 7:» o'clock. First de- /V\
trer. By order of the master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
LOCAL «4. 1. VT. S. E— Officers and membei-s. I
>"U we "rejuestrd to attend th- funeral of J
our late brother. OUSTAVE BWANSON. j
SUNDAY. Aupuft 30. U*J3. at 1 .-"J" o'clock. !
fr>m the ra.rtuary chapel of she Golden j
Hate Undert-king Company. "475 Mission st.
Interment f"jl»»si I-awn Gemeterv.
CLARX C. BRADFORD. Uec. Spc.
Aiit.\n
AGENTS wanted In every' town to sell Cof- |
larln. the best cereal i.-offt»e on the market; j
awarded gold medaj by California State Ex- 1
l*}?itlon: exceptional opportunity for bright. I
energftic parties with email capital to eslab-
1'sh a vroCtable business; exclusive territory.
«>if-farln Co.. 400 Jackson st.
ATVOUM2\ S-AT-LAW.
BOBT. W. KING. atty-at-Iaw. Examiner bid.,
rm. Oil; all cas-OF. damage?, estates, wills,
avai-hments. ccllectlons. etc.; consultation
ii'.-; no advance charge*: call or write; even-
ings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE frev- 1 will advance cost in meritori-
ous cares, Otvcrecs, probate end all other law
eases; no fees in advance; c»»a every evea-
1r.g. J. M. KHPBSTOM. S19 Market st.. r. 31.
ADVICE fre« divorces a epecialty:<julck.qulet;
no charge without success: established IS yrs.
,«3. W. IJOWE. 112i Market St.. opp. Hale's.
AnHES & AITKEN. attorneys. r«. 300-10-11.
Ciur.ie bldg.. 503 Caiif >mia st.: tel. Main TJ7.
ADVfCE free; a i| case*; cpen evenings. M.
L RYAN. PT.0 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
AUTOMOBILES FOR SALE.
eieam touring car: nearly new: perfect condi-
tion: latest lmpts; distillate burner. <i h. p.;
$7<X». write for photo: exchange for good land.
i:ik ''yclery. r. S. Jacks. Napa, Cal.
UIRUS. DOGS. ETC.
. , I
VoL'Nu Talking parrots. (5 each :German singing
canaries. S_. we will iry to please you; every-
tt'lr.^ in our i;ne at r!ght prices. 1540 Market.
Ul St>KS5 CMASCES.
A— *l.*»00; RESTAURANT and rhophouse: ,
<"lo;e to l'liclan building; daily receipts about i
$6j: fpiendid business.^ Set K. (J. WILKE, I
26'a Kearny M,
A— $3;5; BESTACRAJCT and coffee saloon, on
Ttiir.l t-t.; rent $.'tO: average daily receipts.
J1S; a bargain. It G. WILKE. M-4 Kcarny.
FOK — An inside route on this paper.
For particulars apply at office.
fl2T« — Ueiiable partner wanted: established bus-
lne>=>. clftsri* $70 tno. each. 55 .'»ti St.. rm. 1.
FIH'IT and vegetable store for sale. 1105
Buchanan st.
ROAD house, store or saloon; $7750; a bis
? nap; store, or could make -aloon and Hat
above, together, with about 4 acres fronting
"•^4x042 fert on mam county road adjoining
Oakland: property next to this gold for more
than double- the amount; owner is r.on-resi-
rient and wants to close out; building cost
C2S0Q alone. THE ALDEN CO., 1118 Broad-
way. Oakland.
WANTED— A man with $100.000 to buy irri-
gating ditch paying I> per cent net; chance
10 double valu* within three years.
CHARLES W. CO!_ & CO.. 45 West Santa
Clara •*., San Jose.
RESTAURANT— $1750— VALLEJO^CAL.
Ontral location; rent reasonable; 48 chairs
upper floor; 25 chairs ground floor; average
net profit per month $150. J. H. HARVEY.
511 Market rt.. from ; to 3 p. m.
OPPORTUNITY for experienced liquor man as
«o-work»r and prospective stockholder la well
d-tabHshed liquor house. Applicants give age.
Hijierlence. references. Address box 520,
fiacrarr.ento.
BAKERY and confectionery; corner atore; 4
living loome; utcnclls all new; will sell less,
than invoice; ownrr going East; a snap.
1162 Guerrero tt.
I;K.\\«'H bakery, laundry office, cigars, sta-
tionery, notions for eale at less thaji Invoice
price; good paying stand. 1007V* Mkt.. rm.L
ACTIVE, reliable partner for tine p3ying office
boetnees; good income secured; $J-7i cash re-
quired; splendid chance. 10u7>? Market, rm. 1.
I;O YOU TV-ANT TO GO INTO BUSINESS?
Do you want to go out of business?
Wiiford & Harrihon. Business Agents. 3 Taylor.
FJRSI-u'LA.Sis delicacy ftore: good location;
doing goad business; at a bargain: eickneaa
caure of telling. Box 1CJ7. Call.
1 1000 — THE Santa Cruz bill-posting plant; will
1-ay for it.-rit in one year. 2SG Pacific ave.,
Santa Cruz. Cal.
OYSTER and ch'.jihous* for sale; no reaion-
aU« offer refund. 160 Fifth st.
I3S0 1 K|KK littlp cqratcr and chophoute; no op-
|.csit!on: clearis $:«). 55 Third St., room 1.
FPLENDID chance for bakery' business; town,
near city; oven In place. 824 Potrero ave.
A bakery: delicacy; all store trade; $2S a day;
price $ISCO; no amenta. 715 McAllister at.
CLASSIFIED advertlsemenU and subscription*
lecelved »t Cal'. branch office. 2200 Flllmcre.
A BRANCH ofSce for Call advertisements and
ruhv.Tlptions has been established at 1096
Valencia tt. j
LODCiI.NU-HOl.SKS I'Olt SALB.
H. C. DECKER, f«00 Market st.. ccr. Stockton.
PHONE JOHN BEL
27 YEARS SELLING HOUSES in this city.
See the following bargains:
10 rooms ; Kolt>om Ft.: tull of roomers. $225
7 room*; modern flat; fine furniture... 200
8 rooms; newly furniehed; clears $25.. 175
14 rooms: exchange for lanrer h'niee... 500
17 roums: it rooms furnithed; snap 500
?« room?-; Leavenworth et. : reduced to. 500
. SS room*; choice location; Oakland 2200
12 rojmc; Geary «t. ; choice transient.. 400
4_: room*; winny corner; rent $100 3200
M room*; sunny bay-window corner.... 2800
2ti rooms; Mit-fion nnd Sixth sts. , «nap. 1900
12 rooms; Taylor tt. ; transient only . 700
«X> rooms; Market *t.; office*; permanent &5U0
62 roonie; j.arl house: Ions leaae _*XK)
* rooms; <wi $15G(*: a beauty; reduced. 700
ix rooms: newly furnished; long lease.. I2U0
H. C. bL'.'KKIt, MX; Market, cor. Stockton.
I-KOOM ljou«r: only $200; worth $000; must
fdl. DBCKEB, i»0C Market et.
rX)ll t:\i- chear-.
A good hoarding and lodging house business
#u »lv terminus of the North Shore Railroad.
S«n Itiifatl, Cal.: excellent oportunlty for
ttic ri*:ht party* Write for particulars to
MFCS. FERRITER. San Rafael. Cal.
6 ItOOMS; lease; men roomers $725
14 roonn>: piano and paintings I17U0
Zt> room*; transient; straight J2100
$1C-JO— 27 rooms; 3 years' Icaw; clears $100;
owner called East. MOSSMAN, 650 Market.
TIjOSE & CO.. 100714 Market et., room 1, have
wevtral mortgaged rooming houses whicn
tnuet be sold imme&att-ly: call and examine
our larre free list: all offers considered.
A BARGAIN this week: forced eale; 34 rooms;
Mvrkct el., central: all rented: first floor of-
fice*, riraring $17f>: only $2400: easy terms.
FETEIfcsEN & LARSEN. 1035 Market, rm. 1.
LOST AXD FOt'XP.
LOST— A purse containing $72 and a gold
medal awarded to Cof-farln Co. for the best
cereal eoff« by the California State exposi-
tion. A liberal reward will be paid for tTi-5
return or the medal to Cof-fann Co., V.'O
Jackson st. -' , •
LOST— Lady's watch attached to black J-Ilk
cord with fob chain and ro!<1 rinar: llb?ral
reward. S P. CO.'S agent. Corbin station. •
via West Berkeley.
LOST— Small Japanese pus pet dog: threw
spots on forehead; spot on sldo and tail; lost
around Fifth and Mission st*. Thursday. Re-
turn to 342 Minna st. and receive reward.
LOST Lady'a alligator pur3<\ with coin. t^r«
keys and pocket knife. Return t-- owner,
:>7j0 Twenty-flrat si., or phone Hlu.: :;7.*>1.
LOST Black leather hand satchel between
Eighteenth and Lnpidge. Valencia an.l Mar-
ket st3: reward. 31 Pearl st. \
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francwco, In th«
name of MICHAEL J. FORTUNE. No. 21$.-
134. The finder will please return to bank.
REWARD for return of dress suit case marked
J A K., left at corner Page and Buchanan
at«. * Return to Dramatic Review office. 2*
Geary at. > .
LOST Friday, crescent pin. opals and dia-
monds setting; reward. 103 Powoi; st.
LOST— Small black silk and bead nurse con-
taining valuable ring. Reward at 22M Green.
LOST— Bunch of keys. Finder will he reward-
ed by returning to 123 OFarrell st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that tha California.
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and silver to makw new watchcasiss.
LOFTSTOLET^
LOFT to lease— «C8~Mlssion~at.. NW. cora-r
of Annie; light loft of 4000 square feet; pas-
senger and freight elevator «ery1«: l*a*i
for a term; rent reasonable. SHAINWALD.
BUCKBEE & CO.. 218-220 Montgomery) st..
Mills building.
MISCELLAXEOtS—FOB SAX.E.
BOILERb. engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN«
TOSH A WOLPMAN, 195-107 Fremont at.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterlte; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATER1TE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market at.
A— Fine suits. $7 50: dress pants. $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny St..
near Bush; fcpen to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— $3 6O DERBY and fedora hata. $1 73. Pop- •
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny at.. n»a*
Pine; open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sel!s or rents gear machinery, en*
glnes, boilers, water pipe, shafting pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 2S3-255 Spear st
NEWSPAPER route for sale: fine chance for
the right man. Address N. A. LARSEN.
1715 Pacific ave.. Alameda.
FOR sale — One gasoline launch, 10x48; 34
horsepower; can be seen at Rio Vista; good
order. P. O. box 272. Rio Vlata. Cal.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 SO pair:
foot-form ahoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d at.. Exam, bldg.; catalog frea.
SECOND machinery, boilers, engines, puiaps.
wood and iron working machinery, bought,
sold and rented. H.S.WHITK.1S0-132 Beale.
GERMAN feather bsd. pillows, good mattress.
wire cot; cheap. 820 Linden ava. __^
LARGEST runts: best hen plguona; chotc*
homers. Address 2041 Linden at.. Oakland.
A JULES JURGENSEN 5-minute repeattn*
watch; very reasonable. 10 Sixth at.
PAIR 3-karat diamond earrings at a bargain.
10 Sixth at. t
A MARTIN guitar for sale at 10 Sixth st. W.
J. HESTHAL. >
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard A Breck. 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY A SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film and song slides. 109
Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains:camp stools and chairs. hammocks,
metal bed9,mattresses.J.F.Hotter,712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, m^vlns
picture machines, films. Bacigalvpi. 03.! Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches,
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 48 Fremont st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters :all
makes. ALEXANDER A CO.. IIP Monts'y.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
MISCELLANEOUS WA.MS.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.: tel. Jessie _S51
31O.XEY TO LOAH.
AAA— HERilAN MURPHY.
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.: legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain,
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 849
Market St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamstsrs. boardtng-houaes, without
security; easy payments: largest business la
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano :no removal:
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery St.. r. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
AT cut rates on real estate, furniture or piano;
no commission. E. W. LICK. 1003 Mutual
Eav. Bk. bid.. 70S Market: phone Matn 816.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note*
THE TOUSLE Y CO 143 Phelan Bldg.
1 MONEY to loan on low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth at. y
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. O. W.
MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle bldg.
ONE per cent on furniture: $3 a month on each
?10CO; any security. 302 Montromery. rra. 18.
3% ON furniture A planes; $15 ap; no removal;
\\ TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy St.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R.3 11. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indcrser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
AMONG OUR BARGAINS ARE:
3 Chickerings $150, $185, $23S
1 Filsher; upright $63
1 Jewett; mahogany; new $ISO
1 Schaffer; mahogany; new $isr,
2 Emerson $1S5. $215
2 Steinway .$1S5. $215
» Heine ~ $235 to $335
25 squares $15 to $17i>
7 organs $10 to $75
Rents $2 up allowed on purchase; install-
ments $4 up; piano players from $9o ap;
new pianos from $117 up. HEINE PIANO
CO.. 235-237 Geary st.. agents for the Gab-
ler. Krell. Steger. etc.
A SMALL walnut Emerson upright, absolutely
like new. 8135. 217 Geary st.
STEINWAY upright, left by private party^
$165; a great bargain. 237 Geary st. •
THE greatest opportunity ever offered In San
Francisco to get a good reliable p!_no cheap.
Before our reirroval we win sacrifice any in-
strument for cash or installments. Call or
write for prices and terms at once. KOHLEU
& CHASE. Established 1S50. 30 O'Farrell.
A FEW upright bargains from $70 up, compris-
ing such makes as Chlckerlng, JacobMn.
Vose. Sterling. Knabc. Fischer, ScHweci«?«n.
Weser, Pchuman and others; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, IS O'Farrell st.; no
branches In San Francisco.
WE have a fe,w snaps this week that are
very tempting and we can save you b'.g
money on a good piano; tome early; THE
ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market.
BAND Instruments; F. Besnon Parts, maker.
Gus Maiwald. Agt. Pac. Coast. 27.H O'Farrell;
skillful repairing? 2d-hand instruments sold.
BAKGAIN — Standard make upright: good con-
dltlon. SCHMITZ & CO.. 1G McAllister st.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whitthead's Storage. 1636 Market.
BEAUTIFUL 3- pedal Steinway upright piano;
perfect order: sacrifice. Keefte's.^SS O' Farrell.
BUY direct from the factory and save 50 per
cent. HORN UNO. 21tt McAlllrter at.
BEST renting piano In city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
SOHMER, Byron Mausy planes, Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY, 808-312 Post at.
iVPERIOR vl_lins. zithers, old and new. 5T
> 1IULLER. maker, repairer, S T -itt'irn ;Uca.
You would not have your boy a dunce:
So s«ek out some good school at once.
A list of such we print' each day
With teachers Rood, not much to pay.
Where they will take your son in hand
And teach those things most In demand.: TONOPAH, MINES.
Bid. Ask. , . Bid.Ask.
Colehan — 18 Rescue ...... 10.. 12
Esperanza ..." 03 04 Ton Belmont.l 60 1 80
Eula Con ... — -—Ton & Cal.. — —
Gipsy Queen.. 26 28 Ton Fraction. — —
Gold M Con. w .10 Ton & O W. 02 03
Hannapah .. 24 25 Ton of Nev.. 6 00 7 25
Lucky Tom. . ¦ — 10 Ton N Star. 35 40
MacNamara . 10 ¦. . ' 17 Ton Midway... — 47
Mizpah Ex V. — 33 T & St Lake — —
Mont Ton '..'.1.00 1 C5 Ton Union... — . —
NY Ton-.... — ¦ — United :Ton... — —
Paymaster .". -10 12 Utopia ....... — \ — •
Pine Grove • • — 54 . •
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Aug. 28—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha ....... 05 .07 Julia ....02: 03
Alta ...... ...05 07 Justice ...... 10 12
Andes 12 13 Kentuck .... 02 03
Belcher. ..... 25 27 Mexican ..... OS 9fl
Bert & Belch. 1 50 1 t)5 Occidental ... 38 38
Bullion 01 O2|0phlr .1501 55
Caledonia .... 84 83 Overman .... 23 24
Challenge Con 23 25 Potosi ....... 12-13
Chollar ...... 12 13 Savage ...... 21 22
Confidence ... 85 95 Scorpion .....02 04
Con C & Va.l 40 1 45 Seg Belcher.. 08 09
Con Imperial. 03 . 04;Sierra Nev . . 01 C2
Con N Y 12 14 Sliver Hill .. 66 69
Crown Point. 11 12 St Louis .... — lfl
Eureka Con.. 40 — Syndicate ..... _¦ o«
Exchequer ..04 05 Union Con . . 61 62
Gould & Cur. 27 28 Utah ........ 22 ,24
Hale & Norcs 37 : 38 Yellow Jacket 50 51
Lady Wash.. 04 - 00
The following tables give a comparative
statement for two years of the estimated flow
of certain California rivers in cubic feet, per
second, or second feet, one second .foot equal-
Ing 50 California miner's Inches, or about 40
Colorado miner's inches. - The figures for th«
last year may be revised by later measure
ments. The figures are by J. B. Llppincott,
hpdrographer. United States Geological Survey:
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE]
Second Feet.
DATE.
*,;;¦-; 1902. 1003.
August 10 . 155
August 17 115
August 18 SO ...
August 19 V 80 ...
August 20 .'. 65 ...
August 21... ' 35
August 22 ~ IS
. TULE RIVER NEAR PORTERVILLE.
- Second Feet.
August 16.. 21 16'
August 17 21 18
August ,18 • 21 18
August 19 21 14
August 20 21 14
August 21........ 21 14 •'.*
August 22 21 14
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT IRON CANYON.
. Second Feet.
DATE.
1902. 1903.
August lrt......'. 6660 4S0O
August 17.. 6660 4S0O
August 18............ -6660 4800
August 19 . 6660 4800
August 20. - 5600 4800
August 2t ¦ "5660 4800
August 22 , fritX) 4800
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
- Second Feet. .
, DATE. ~— — 1
1902. 1903.
August 18l.. ..... „. '624 . 1170 '
August 17........... '' C24' '1103 ,
August 18.. 572 1105 '
August 19.. 52O 1040
August -SO..'...'..; B2O .1040
August 21. .:...... .480 1040
August 22.. :.v...\ :.;.... • 410 • 1010
FLOW OP RIVERS.
The following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Andes ..... 14 .200 Overman . . 23
500 Chollar .... 13 600 Potosl ...... 14
200 CC4V...H0 700 Savage .... 22
300 Gould & C. 26 100 Sierra Nev. «1
100 Gould & C. 27 800 Sierra Nev. 63
200 Hale & N.. 39 200 Utah 23
300 Mexican ... 88 1000 Yel Jacket.. 61
Afternoon Session. .
400 C C & V...1 42% 300 Seg. Belcher 09
1000 Con Imper. 04 200 Silver Hill.. 68
200 Gould & C. 26 20O Union Con., fll
200 Mexican. .. n» 300 Utah 21
300 Overman .. 23 20O Yet Jacket.. 51"
300 Savage ..:. 21
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE!
The following were the sales on the San
Francisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yes
terday: • .
Morning Session.
lOOO'Eaperanza ... 04 600, South Eureka. 13
COO Hannapah . . . 25 50 Ton N Star... 40
200 Mon Ton..... 106 50 Ton N Star... 42
¦ 200 Rescue ". I 1
Afternoon Session. £
500 Esperanza . . . 04 100 Mon Ton.....l 05
500 Esperanza . . . 03 100 Pine Grove... 53
200 Gipsy Queen. 27 600 Ton & Cal.... 20
200 Mizpah Ex... .33
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
100 Alpha 06 200 Hale & Nor. . 40
300 Andes 13 200 Mexican Oft
100 Belcher 27 30O Occidental ... lift
100 Caledonia .... 84 300 Ophlr 1 55
100 Chollar 12 100 Overman .... 21
40O Con Cal & V.I 40 100 Potosl 13
100 Con New York 13 400 Union Con.... 6!>
300 Crown Point. 11 600 Utah 23
100 Gould & Cur. 25
Afternoon Session.
200 Caledonia 85 200 Savage 21
200 Con Cal & V.I 40 100 Sierra Nev... 61
200 Crown Point. 12 100 Silver Hill. ... 6T
100 Mexican 9N 100 Union Con ttl
200 Ophlr 160 200 Utah 22
300 Overman .... 231 100 Yellow Jack. . 57
The following were the tales on tho San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
• Morning Session.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Mining Stocks.
100 Monte Crtsto 70
200 Four Oil 6S
Afternoon Session.
Board —
7000 Independence 17
- 25 Monarch 52
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Eleven.
Thomas Moriarty, the cx-soldier who
shot himself in the right temple ; in . a
Bush-street lodging-house on Wednesday
night, is fast failing at the City and
County Hospital and is likely to die at
any moment. At first It was thought that
the man would recover, but he has stead
ily grown worse, till now he is delirious
and the end Is Boon expected.
Ex-Soldier Moriarty Failing,
Twenty-six applicants for the. civil ser
vice examination for truckmen in the Flro
Department passed the medical examina
tion and will be permitted to take the
athletic test nex\ Monday at .the ..Olympic;
Club. Of the 'remaiijln'p* v thJrtyrsix^;who
filed applications three were rejected by
the . doctors, seventeen were rejected on
height and- weight and sixteen failed to
respond. . .¦;'". . ...
Pass Medical Examination.
Mrs. Mary Gleeson (owner) with James P.
Burke (contractor), architects Kidd & Ander
son — All work exceot painting, plumbing for
a two-Btcry frame building (flats) on NW cor
ner of Twenty-fourth and Folsom streets, W
122:6, N 40. E 45:6. S 17, E 77, S 23; $3515.
Builder's Contract.
•S. Ducas Company (corporation) lo Erne3t
A. Wakeley, lot on KE corner of GIrard and
Felton (Henry) streets. E 00 by N 50, lot 5,
block 2, University Mound: $10.
J. Frank and Marea Walters to Stellssa
Beebe lot on E line of Whitney street. 323 8
of Thirtieth, S 25 by E 125. block 27. Fair
mount; $10.
Celso and Carlotta Zanlni to Gerolamo A.
Fabris. lot on E line of Conro street. 23 N
of Flood avenue, N 25 by E 100. lot 8. blocK
43, Sunnyslde; $10.
Adolph and Anna C. Widell to Louis G. and
Mary J. Bersxen. lot' on 3 line of Rlchland
street, 125 W of Mission. W 25 by S 100,
lot 16 block E, French and Oilman; $10.
-Louts G. Bergren to Mary J. Bergren. same;
gift.
Charlotte Robinson (trustee) to Lucretla
Thomas (wife of Charles W. H.). 1P97 D. 311.
as to estate of Georse Goodman, reconveyance
deed; ?512. -^
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to George
Weber, lot Jn cemetery; $220.
City and County of San Francisco to Po
trero Land Imorovement Company, nine de
scriptions will appear in full in next Issue; $ — .
-B40 by S 127:S}i: $10.
Robert A.'and EUle Vance to Benjamin F.
and MagKie Rellly, lot on S line of Aldlne
street. 120 E of North Willard. E 20:3 by S
125; $10.
• Clara H. Hatch to William W. R. Hatch,
lot on W . line of Harr!son street. 95 S of
Twentieth, S 75 by W 122:6; Klft.
John C. • Doose to Georse A. De^enfant, - lot
on E line of Noe street. 230 S of Duboce
avenue (Thirteenth), S 25 by E 150; $10.
Fernando and Julia A, Nelson to Thomas
and Rose C. Thompsojj. lot on N line of
Eighteenth street, 75 W ot Hartford, W 25
by X 1C0; ?10. > ' ( -
Catherine Harrington to Patrick and Bridget
Flanagan, lot on W line of Alabama street,
75 S of Twenty-sixth. S 25 by W 100; $10.
Maurice and Maesie O'Dowd to Oscar Hey
man lot on E line of Twenty-first avenue.
230 S of Clement street. S 25 by E 120: $10.
¦J. Frank and Marea ¦ Walters to Ellen L.
Sorgenfrey. lot on E line of Thirty-ninth ave
nue 05 S of Clement street, S 25 by B
120; $10.
City Realty Company to Albert W. Lehrke,
lot on SW corner of H street and Sixth ave
nue. W 32:0 by S 95: also lot on NE corner
of I street and Sixth avenue. N 35 by E
»5: $10. • '
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to John
and Hannah ' Welsh, lot on S line of Rlpley
street, 115 E of Folsom, E 25 by S ISO; $250.
KEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Monica Lord to Francis Sullivan. lot on S
Hire of Francisco street. 123 E of Van Ne»3
avenue E 37:6 by S 137:6; also lot on SW
line of' Ninth street. 110 SE of Folsom. SE
25 by SW 100- also lot on SE line of City Hall
avenue- 150 NE of City Hall squant. NE i3
by SE 100, City Hall lot 5C; $10.
Catherine E. Coleman. now Catherine E.
Grady. and Walter II. Grady to J. J. Rauer.
lot on N line of Pine street. 15«:3 W of
Buchanan. W. 25 by N 137:6; $300. >•,. -
Matilda and Adam M. . Brutscher to Laura
B McCornock lot on N Iin« of Oak street.
227:6 W of Fillmore, W 35:6 by N 137:6; $10.
P. B Cornwall to Katharina Schaefer or
SchaefTer, lot on S line of Turk street, 108:3
W of Steiner. W 30 by S 137:6, quitclaim
deed; ?10. "
Katharina Schaefer or.Schaefter to Rosalia
Stlch; same; $10. . ; .' ' . •
Edwin S. and Rebecca C. Tucker to Henry
and Mary Muller, lot on N line of California
street. 12S:» W of Steiner, W 25:10 by N
120; $10.
Belle H. Plummer to Louis F. GelsSler. lot
on. S line of Pacific street. 137:6 E of Lyon,
NEW YORK, Aug. 28.— Calif ornians In
New York: From San Francisco— T. C.
Arnold, at the Imperial: Schweitzer, at
the Grand Union: H. I* Tyler, at the
Cosmopolitan; A. H. Cowey, at the Hoff
man: H. S. Foote. at the Gilsey; A. R.
Reynolds, at the Gilsey House.
From Santa Barbara— Ia Thwaites, at
the Morton. /.
Calif ornians in Hevr York-
Advices at 2 p. m. show that the bandits
eluded the posse in pursuit and passed
on through the thick brush territory to
ward the Maple Hill bridge.
At 1 o'clock this afternoon the report
comes from Paxaco that Sheriff Frey and
Chief Custy of the Rock Island detective
force, aided by four county deputies, have
the robbers located in a stretch oZ tim
ber near Paxaco.
McFARLAUD, Kans., Aufr a,— At 1
o'clock thta morning sis ¦ masked men
heavily armed appeared . at the Rock
Island depot and started to aster the of
fice door. Conductor Menuehan el freight
train No. tt, Which had just palled in, and
Night Baggageman ! Charles Telsr saw
them and hurriedly attempted to block
the door, but tha robbers forced an en
trance and. after taking their roonoy and
watches, beat the men into Insensibility.
They then rifled the depot ef Its contents
and, going hurriedly to the eating-house,
held up and took all the valuables' from a
half-dozen men on the platform employed
at the roundhouse and a part of the train
crew. Passengers at the lunch counter
scurried upstairs and blocked the 'en
trance effectively. The bandits then loot
ed the eating-house register and silver
ware, doing their work in & cool and col
lected fashion after the manner of vet
erans, iv ---"-¦.- •¦•¦.'!
Then, apparently aa a Jofte, they
marched and carried six of the Bock
Island employes, Including the night hos
tler and baggageman, and locked them In
a refrigerator car and disappeared In an
easterly direction. . ¦
During the thirty minutes of their pres»
ence not a shot was fired and only Mon
nehan and Toler were injured.
Two hours after the robbers disappeared
Sheriff. Frey had organized a posse, re
leased the prisoners from the refrigerator
car 'and galloped in pursuit. The bandits
were headed toward Topeka. - .
The bandits secured eight watches and
probably $150. They left McFarland on
foot. : v
Carrie, Pfeiffer Stuhr, the one-time
Tivoll favorite, was awarded $50 a month
alimony pending the trial of her suit for
divorce. Thcawa.rd.was made by Judge
Sloss, who also directed her husband,
Louis Stuhr, to pay her $150 for counsel
fees. . Judge Kerrigan made an order di
recting Andreas Hanson to pay Ella Han
son 130 a month pendente lite 1 . Mary T.
Jones will receiv'e $75 a month alimony
from James A. Jones, a bicycle dealer,
until her suit for divorce is terminated.
Judge Graham issued the order. * '%'
¦ A suit for divorce was filed by Mary
Grace Terry against Frank . Terry for
neglect.
Annie McCarthy, a very pretty little
woman, appeared before Judge Graham
yesterday in quest of freedom from the
marital yoke .that bound her to William
McCarthy. •* With tears In her eyes she
told the court that McCarthy, ever since
their marriage two months ago, had
treated her In such a brutal and fiendish
manner that she had become a nervous
wreck. 'Her evidence was ¦ corroborated
by that of several friends, and Judge
Graham granted her prayer for divorce.
McCarthy Is property man at the Orr
pheum.
I Judge Graham also granted Josephine
L. Libbey a divorce from Albert. H. Llb
bey for cruelty. Annie M. King was
granted a divorce from James King by
Judge 'Kerrigan. King treated her bru
tally, on one occasion breaking one of
jher ribs with a kick. Judge Kerrigan
also granted Rebecca Biddeman a divorce
from Moses Biddeman for neglect, and
Judge Hebbard granted Louise Michl a
divorce from Joseph Michl for failure to
provide.
Ira Puerl Wllkerson, who , is being
sued for divorce on the ground of cruelty
and infidelity by Maude Amber Wllker
son, leading lady at Fischer's Theater,
demurred to his wife's complaint yester
day. He demurs on the ground that her
complaint does not state a sufficient
cause for action. ,
Amelia B. Grannli, who afew months
ago secured a decree of divorce on tho
ground of extreme cruelty from James Q.
Grannis of the manufacturing firm of J.
Q. Grannla &. Co., is dissatisfied with
that part of tho decree which gave to
Qrannla the custody of two of their three
children. Yesterday nhe filed a notice
that she would appear in court shortly
and move that the decree be modified so
that her 'little ones could be cared for
by her. She says that they are lonesome
and homesick and In need of a mother's
care and love. They are at present In
an Institution.
Sheriff and Mounted Posse
Gallop in. Pursuit of
the Fugitives.
Asks Court -toModify-Decree
Giving Them to Oare of
Their Father/ <
Relieve Passengers and
Train Crew of .
Valuables.
Amelia Grannis Claims
Her Little Ones Are t
Homesick.
MASKED MEN ROB
RAILROAD DEPOT
Captain Reginald F. Nicholson, United
States Navy. Washington, D. C, is in the
city. He will leave for his post of duty
at the national capital this evening and
S. D. Brastow will escort him as far east
as Reno. Captain Nicholson will com
mand the superb new cruiser Taeoma,
now nearing completion at the Union Iron
Works. It Is expected that the Tacoma's
trial trip will take place next November.
General Passenger Traffic Manager B.
O. McCormick of the Southern Pacific
Company left last night in his private
car for a trip to King River Canyon. He
was accompanied by Assistant General
Passenger Agent James Horsburgh and
others.
Judge E. Finley Johnson of Manila, who
lately returned to the United States to
.W. 8. Taylor, a medical practitioner of
LJvermore, is at the Palace.
Ex-Governor John H. McGraw.of the
State of Washington is at the Palace.
He resides at Seattle and is a large stock
holder in a Klondike railroad.
General John'C. Black, commander in
chief of the Grand Army of the Republic,
and General W. R. Shatter. U. S. A., de
partment commander, will visit the Vet
erans' Home at Napa County this even
ing. &*.: • ."
E. K. Smart, a mining jian with head
quarters at Grass Valley, is registered at
the Grand. • ; : -'
J«'-B. Kttlnger, a Maiden Lane Jeweler
of New York, is registered at the Palace.
W/'F.' Peterson, .'a 1 candy manufacturer
of Sacramento, is among the arrivals at
the Lick.
L. A. Blasingame, a well-known horse
breeder of Fresno, registered at the Grand
yesterday.
T. C. White, a banker of Fresno,- la at
the LJck. . '.,... . . \ ...
take his family to the Philippines, is at
the Palace* : .
¦ Former Congressman James Aa Leuttlt
of Stockton is in towm
,R. I* James, a mining man ef Seattle,
is a ffuest -at the Grand.
T. * Q. Yancey, a well-known merchant
ef Newman, is at the LJck."
Rev. Bernard Mi Kaplan of Sacramento
is a suest at the Occidental.
C. B.' Jillson, a capitalist of Napa, is
spending a few days at the. Grand*
A. S. Frost, who conducts a hardware
store at Marysvllle, is at the California.
B. R. Abadie, a mining man of Oro
ville, is among: the arrivals at the Palace*
SAYS CHILDREN
NEED HER LOVE
PERSONAL MENTION.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 29, 1903.
13
MEDICA1*.
t!Rs! DR.! WYETH, Epecialist for all female !
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; S(J
yca.ru' experience. 72S Post et. near Jonea.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable epecialist for all fe-
male trouble* and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 10QSH Market Ft. opp. Dth.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are flck or
in trouble consult this specialist en female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the mo«t difficult csswa «-*at-
cd; advice free. Office. 101S Market «t
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
*prcia!i:»t; a rrivate home before and daring
confinement : best medical care; low f^es.
DZL ROSEN moved to 2005 FcUom st. cor.
2Cth; relief flO; ladles* exclusive office.
Drs. Goodwin. 'Xi Turk. nr.Vtn Me?*— Kxpert
la obstetrics, female comp. ;V!> yrg.expTler.ee.
UK. and SiUS. DAVIKS and HINIHOO HKUPS;
original method cf treatment U3» Market st
DR. NO TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. ofppsIU
Vnton gquatf; a!! cMyenpea cured by herbs.
MlLLIM^rtY.
Ladles* Imported & tslicrcd hall Just In; call:
Trices low to etart them gntn* : fratres roaae
to fit th» face. MME. DOS'.'H. "0" rst £ "
PIA\OS A\D OIlC.t>S.
PART of our list of bargains in second-hand
llanos for 6er.tcn;bcr, HO3: OrU . lra]
'. ' IV.ce. Now.
I MAJESTIC— . , ,
Walnut case, medium size. • l-J
octaves, three pedals, fa'.l twinging
mnsic rack, latett design, eood ton-
dition -. '- 150 *"-*
Two in walr.ut ca*=e» an3 one in
oak. email Mze, carved rtn«i».
three petals, 7 1-3 octaves, fine con-
eition. each * >l!> ~°
1 FISCHER— , . _ . ,
Mahosar.y case, large Fire, . l-J
octaves fine ccr.tii:!on, thoroughly
renovated, cannot l>e told from a
new piano s ' 3 — 3
Mahopany case, large riie, latest
style, three pedals, 7 1-3 octaves.
raar.dolin attachment, almost new.. oOO -40
1 C A. STONE & CO.—
Walnut case, medium tizf. fua
fewtagirjr music rack, thoroughly
renovated and equal to new 850' -oO
c 1 F>TEY—
Walnut case, medium elre, » 1-3
c-taves In good condition 400 _50
1 HRUENN—
WaJr.ut case, cabinet rrar.d. 7 1-3
octaves, thoroughly renovated and _
, equal to new *50 *60
Complete list furnished on application at
our etore. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Corner Keamy and Putter eta.
PERSONALS.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
Wrinkles, yellow and flabby ekln, birthmarks,
rronllpox pitting and scars scientifically re-
Tnoved without cutting, massage, electricity cr
medicines; special deraonttratiens this week.
Call cr write Hit. L. WILLIAM!;. oTl Geary.
EPKCIAL — Reduced fcr the month only, home
treavir.cnt that you can use at your own
home, removing v.T:nklee, tan, Ireckles, leav-
irg skin clear and smooth; to be had only at
rr.y office. Call cr write M. ELLA HARRIS,
TM O KarreUtt
WANTED— 777 ladies with ecalp diseases; lots
cf hair and premature grayucEs prevented.
(Car. treat by mail. Blanks for ttamp.) Con-
fuivation free. 6:30 to «: Sundays. 10 to 12.
Prof. "GEO. A. CARLOW, Specialist, room
¦ -IS. 987 Market ft."
THE Etar Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
rrovet Its growth :steps falUng;cures dandruff
ar.i itchir.ff eca!p; no train or stickiness;
c!<r*ntes *ca.lp;ai drucglrtf'. hairdressers' ;ac-
crpl no substitute. Star Reined yOo.,2S5Geary.
>.'OT how cheap, but how good. U the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
standard, the eewing-machlne of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, aBer.t, 1021 Market st
PHTSICXA3Z, 15 years' experience, cures per-
tr.anently rncrrhlne. cocaine habit. Call or
tddrrsB Central Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave..
. corner Sutter Et.; lee moderate.
CPJNK Cof-fartii. the best cereal coffee oa
earth, rich in flavor, absolutely pure and
nourishing; composed entirely of. superior
grains and £cs.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutor.ia Hall, Howard
' et. near Ninth; management Prcf. Foster.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers, at CHARLES LYONS', Lcndon
Tailor. 721 Market ft.
THE . high^t price paid for ladies' or gents'
cart-eff clothing and all articles of value at
WEINBERG'S. 1UA Ellis st
ELEGANT euitt on easy Installments; 60 cents
end up per week. LEON LE11OS. 1127 Mar-
ki-t ft., between Seventh and Eighth.
BRING your goods; will make tailored Ehirt
•waist, f 1. The Fashion, 1129 Market, bet.7&S i
MRS. RUMPLE will be plp&*ed to meet old and
new friends at her millinery parlors.221 Geary
61'ITS to order on Installments, tl per week.
N^uhaui & Co.. merch. tailors. 727 -729 Market-
ALL styles halrdresEing, 2oc: hair good?; mani-
curing, 25c. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton et
TAILOR-HADE ruit $7 W; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlcr. car. Bjsh and Dupont
SUPERFLUOUS hair end moles removed by
eWtr.c needle. Dr.&iIrs.Traverse,1170 Market
MAPQUERADE costume*, piaj- books, wigs,
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henr.a restores gray
hair to It* natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
hair and moles removed with elec-
tric needle. Mrs. & Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
A "WEEKS news for C cent* — The Weekly Call.
Ti rftc»y. in Trapper, for mailing-, tl per year.
PALMISTRY.
A raw weeks aca a weman consulted MME.
IjI^VAS who had consulted many of the
leading PALMISTS and ASTROLOGISTS of
• the world. After MME. DEVAS had pre-
dicted the future for many years to come she
lold the woman of her past. DEVAS found
where she had KILLliD A MAN, the cause,
in what Ftate and described the conditions
ebowlng that she WAS JUSTIFIED IN HER
ACT. YOUR LIFC ALL COMES OUT.
PAST AND FUTURE, IN A $1 PALM
READING BY MME. DEVAS. My offer
to enswer 3 questions closes Sept J; full
r<ad:pEs $1. X1S:E. DEVAS, 13a Post st.
10 to 32. 1 to :,; Tins. evg. ; Sun. by app't.
UUE. 211 .T. All, ecientific palmist and card
reader; £5 years' exjjerience; late of New
Zealand and Australia. ',-Z, A Post et
H JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist 315
. TmvJcr rt.. near Geary. Phone niark 561.
PAPEttllANGIXG. PAJXTI.\G. ETC.
¦ ¦ —
ROOMS papered. $3 50 up; tinting, painting.
Hartrrarin Falr.t Or. 313 "ii ft.; fl. Main 413.
1'UYMCIAMs AMI SCRUEO.XS.
DR. C. C O'DONNELL — Of See and residence,
1021% Market et, bet Sixth and Seventh.
BLOOD, ekia and rectal diseases a epecialty.
DR. BALL. 1073^ Market Ft
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor;
treats 4II diseases of the human body; fcr
paet four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at CtT Geary et.. near Leaveaworth.
!.« II. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. Li Po
Ta.1. herb doctor; cures all dltpascs of human
by u*e of herbs 8nd teas. 727 Washia&ton st
IYONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dis-
tafu cured by Chinese hcrhn. 746-S Clay et
LEGAL ADVEnTISEJIKVTS.
IN the 8ur>»ricr Court of the City and County
ef i-an Francisco State of California. — Filed
Aug-ust 20. J'J03, ALBERT B. MAHONY,
Clerk by B. J. CASEY, Deputy Clerk; No.
2<» lftO. Probate — In Uie matter of the estate
of' ALICE SKAE. deceased. Notice for pub-
'llcation of time eppointed for probate cf will.
C- C P.. See I."iu3. — Notice is htrcby given
*. hat " Tuesday the Kb day of September,
A. D. 1S»U3. «t 10 o'clock a. ra. of that day,
and the courtroom ei Department No. & of
paid court, at the City Hall. In the City and
County of San Francisco, State cf California,
' -have been appointed as the time and place
for provlnjr the <3u!y authenticated copy of
the will and codicil of eaid ALICE EKAE.
deceased »nd of the probate thereof, and
for hearing; the app'-lcatSon of MERCAN-
TILE TRUST COMPANY of San FraficiBco,
a corporation, for the Issuance to It' of let-
ters testanv-ntary thereon. ISeal.J ALBERT
U. MAHONY. Clerk, by E. J. CASEY,
Deputy Clerk. Dated. August 23, A. D. 1903. !
MORJtIBON & COPE, attorney! for pe-
titioner^ _________^_______
THE drayaee firm of Baker & Co. has dis-
solved partnership. R. T. Baker can be found
with Hulme & Co.. 405 Front et. Telephone
No. Main 17C7.
NOTICE is hereby riven that the grocery and
bar at 371 Harrison et will chance hands
¦ bout the 1st of September.
STORAGE A \ D WlftE H OlCSE S. _
XTeMIWIUM fctoraRe & Van Co. ; furniture,
jj household Boode etored, moved, shipped. 725-
¦,! 731 Howard ft., near Third; phone Grant 161.
-PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
flce Post and Pcwell eu.; tel. Priv. Ex. 871.
CONKLIN'S etoragre— Furniture end merchan-
filre. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone Eaat 126.
GOLDEN Wect Etorare: advances made; M0
Miseion gt.; tel. Howard SHI. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2:20 Fillmore rt; phone Jackson 281.
EEKINS Van and Storcre Co.. 11 Montgomery
•t; tel. Main 1H0. £hirplcr at cut rates. .
ROOMS FOB HOPBEKKEPIJiG— Con.
MISSION, 10G3 — Front suite, complete for
housekeeping; other rooms $ 1 50 up. week.
SEVENTEENTH. 3324— To let. 2 nice hskpg
rooms; running water, gas range; adults; ref.
SOUTH PARK, 84 — One or two rooms, nicely
furnished, for housekeeping.
THIRD. 143 — Sunny housekeeping rooms com-
plete; front; first floor; hot and cold water.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3726, near Dolores— 2 suites
of 3 and 4 rooms: modern: complete for
housekeeping; warm belt of Mission.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
APARTMENTS TO LET.
"EL MONTEREY," the city's newest apart-
ment hotel, located on the north side of
Pine st, between Hyde and Leavenworth: a
puperb brick building? of Spanish architec-
ture; all the comforts of housekeeping com-
bined with the conveniences of hotel life; for
J30 per month you can secure here an unfur-
nished 3-room apartment, consisting of large
' living-room with ras grate and mantel, bed-
room with bay- window and closet; kitchen
equipped with gas range, built-in china
closet and hot and cold water: . bathroom
w:th toilet and porcelain tub (hot and cold
water); this price also Includes Janitor "ser-
vice nlfrht and day and night and day ele-
vator service; only ten minutes' walk from
PowMl and Market; eee these apartments
to-day.
ROOMS TO LET — Forn. and Unfair*.
! A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
lleht housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." S73 Market st (or No. 1
Fifth st)— Rooms, 28c. 50c, $1. $1 60 night;
91 CO to $10 week; house open all night.
ANTLERS, 415 Turk et— Strictly modern; 4-5
room apartments; fur. or unfur. for hskpg.
BURNETT, 1426 Market — (old No. 186*)— Fur-
nished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 495 — Quiet furnished, sunny rooms;
single and In suite. * i .
FELL. 491 — Fine furnished rooms; $10 and
>12.
FIFTH, 119, second flat — Nice furnished sunny
bay-window rooms; convenient; reasonable.
FOLSOM, 834 — Sunny furnished room; suitable
for centleman. «
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission— Rooms 50c
to $1 50 night; $2 to $3 week; reading-room.
HOTEL GRAYSTON-E ....
66 Geary st. ; phone Bush R?0.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished suites, with baths and singles.
HTDE. 810, near Butter 1 — A large furnished
room, $9. -^ V
MASON, 217— Sunny rooms; quiet, respectable
house; board optional; phone Howard 2696.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished roojns and
offices ; elevator; elec^ lights; day, week, mo.
SUTTER, 1531—2 large furnished parlors; prl-
vate bell; telephone; rent reasonable.
THE FERNDALE. 7 Grant ave.— Furnished
bedroom and kitchen; $5 per week.
THE FERNDALE. 7 Grant ave.— Furnished
rooms. $2 up: transient.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy st, near Market —
400 single and family rooms; 55c to $1 night;
$1 75 to $8 week; elevator; electric lights;
reading-room; free bus and baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st. near Market —
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
S5e to II 50 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch ofr.ee. 2200 FUlmore.
" ROOMS AXD BOARO. ,
£mOyT'tHE~ W "^ 601 DEVISADERO ST.
Strictly orst-class family hotel; sunny room*,
suite or single; billiards; steam heat
STEVENSON Mansion, 607 California st— At-
tractlve and sightly rooms; best table and
service: lowest rates.
$30 TABLE board for $20; only flrst-classho-
tels; no fake. Box 2120. Call office. -~~T
NEWLY furnished rooms with board; low rate.
627 Mission st '• ' ' -
ROOM and board; private family. Ill Twelfth
St., near Mission. ¦ • -
ROO31S AND BOARD WASTED.
BY a young lady, board In respectable family;
moderate price. Box 2451. Call office. Si •
C^ARwir^EAFTTKS^an^NOilsE^rfliEARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st.
STl'TTERIXG AXP STA>1ME ! RIXG :
MELBOUKNE System School, Van Nes« and
Market: poglttve cure for' all. Don't -delay.
TYPEWRITERS AMD SUPPLIES.
GREAtTbXrGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, t«.>0 California; telephone Main 2U6.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st. ¦
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired. ;
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co., 209 Sansome.
PROFOSALS.
PROPOSALS— Bids wanted. Notice Is hereby
given that sealed proposals will be received
by the board of directors of the Veterans'
Home of California, at Its office, room 13, 320
Bansome st., San Francisco, up to 12 o'clock
m. on Saturday, August 29, 1903, for furnish-
ing and delivering the materials and furnish-
ings for the new hospital at the Veterans'
Home, Napa County. Cal. (railroad station
Yountville.) Specifications for above may be
seen and examined at the office of the board
of directors between the hours of 9 a. m. and
6 p. m. each week day. Money for payment
on contracts will be available Immediately
after January 1. 1904. Preference will bt
given to goods manufactured In this State,
price, fitness and quality being equal, under
the provisions of Section 32*7 of the Political
Code. The board reserves the right to reject
•ny or all bids and to order any quantity
over or under the amount specified. Address
JOHN F. SHEEHAN. Secretary of the Board
cf Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13, 320 Sansome et., San Fran-
cisco. Cal. By order of the board of directors.
JOHN F. SHEEHAN. Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., August 26. 1003.—
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 12 o'clock, noon, September
10. 1903, and then opened, for furnishing at
San Francisco, Cal., Portland. Or.,' or Seat-
tle or Taeoma. Wash., for shipment to Ma-
.nlla, P. I.. 7,800.000 pounds of hay and 7,400,-
0C0 pounds oats. Government reserves right
to reject or acceot anv or all bids in whole
or in part Informatlon'furntshed on applica-
tion to C. A. (DEVOL, Quartermaster. Chief
Q. M. ,
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., Aug. 29^ 1903.—
Sealed proposals, In triplicate, will -bo re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m. Sept. 14,
1003, and then opened for construction of a
frame guardhouse at General Hospital, Pre-
sidio of San Francisco, Cal.; Government re-
serves right to reject or accept any r>r all
bids In whole or in part Information fur-
nished on application to C. A. DEVOL,
Quartermaster, Chief Q. M.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Aug. 27, 1903.— Sealed
proposals. * In triplicate, will be received here
until 12 o'clock noon Sept.' 7. 1903, and then
opened for construction of sewers at Depot
of Recruits. Instruction, Presidio of San
Francisco, Cal. Government reserves right
to reject or accept any or all bids in whole
or in part. Information furnished on appli-
cation to C. .A. DEVOL, Quartermaster
Chief Q. M. .
U. 8. -ENGINEER Office Flood building, San
Francisco, Cal., Aug. 26, 1903. — Sealed pro-
' pofials for repairing TJ. 8. snagboat Selzer
. will be received here until noon, September
26. 1903. Information on application. W. H
HEUER. Lieutenant Colonel of Engineers.
MARRIAGE LICENSEsT
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
John E. Collins, 23. 3170 Mission street, and
Mamie A. Post 21, 3450 San Bruno road.*,
Edwin M. Suplee, 37, Des Molnes, Iowa,. and
Blanche H. Wilkinson, 27. Chicago. •
Johnnie C. Meyere, 22, 53» Turk street, and
Bertha Main. 19, San Jose. .
Frederick S. Anderton, 50, San Jose, and
Llbble H. Place, 48, Santa Barbara.
? Joseph Kllnd, 47. 825 Kearny street, and
Annie Riant. 36. 624% Washington street
Martin King, 29, 515 , Howard Btreet. and
Delia Nee, 25, lOSVi Ninth street
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHSL
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. - -
BOBN.
BELLMER— In this city, August 25, 1903, to
' the wife of Gus Bellmer, a eon. >
BROWN— In thia city, to the wife of Max M.
! . Brown, a daughter.
CONLON— In this city, August 16, 1903, to the
wife of Frank Conlon, a daughter. ¦
MARRIED.
BURKETT— PIERCE— la this city, /August 27,'
OCEAN TBAVXL.
S Steamen lear* Sao Fraa-
ciaco as follows:
For. Ketchlkaa. Juaeao.
Haines. Ekaffway. eta.. Alas-
ka— 11 a. m.. Assnst. 29.
Sept 3. Change to company's
steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
eoma. Everett. Wnatcom—
11 a. m.. August 29. Sept. 3. Changs at Seat-
tie to thia company's steamers for Alaska and
G; N. Ry. ; at Seattle for Taeoma t» N. P.
Ry.; at Vancouver -to C. P. Ry.- • • • ' .
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1:30
p m.. August 26. Sept. 1; Corona. 1:30 p. m,.
August 29. Sept. 4. : •
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Anrele* and
Redondo). Fan Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Ko°a. Sundays. 9 a. in.
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. ra.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and Eart
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crus. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. August 29. Sept. 6.
. Bonita. 9 a. m,. Sept. 2. .
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Caba/ Mazatlan, Altata. La Pas, Santa Re-
salia. Guayraas Oder.). 10 a. cr.. 7th of each
month. - ¦ -'¦ i ¦¦•
For further information obtain foMer.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
lnjr dates
TICKET OFFICES—* New Montj^nn-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight office 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN General Passenger Agent. •
10 Markst st.. San Frandsco.
O, /?- & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails Aug. 81. Sept. 10. 26. 2a
Oct. 10 20. 30. "George W. Elder" sails Sept-
5 15 25 Oct 5. 15. 25. Only steamship lln«
to PORTLAND OR. and short rail line from
Portland to all' points East. Through tickets
to all points all rail or steamship and rail at
LOWEST RATES. Steamer ticket* include
berth and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear
st. at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass.
Dept. 1 Montgomery st.: C. CLIFFORD. G«a.
Agt. Frt. Dept.. 3 Montgomery st. < r
AMERICAN LINE.
- NEW TORK-SOL'THAMPTON— LONDON.
Phila... Sept. 2. 10 ami NT. York.Sept 18. 10 am
St Louis. Sept. ». 10 am| Phila. .Sept. 23. 10 ca
' ATLANTIC TEA53POBT UVX.
Hew York— Iiondon Direct.
Mln'ha-.Sept. 5, 4 pml Mln'tka. Sept. 19. 4 pm
Mesaba:Sept. 12, » amlMInapls.S«pt. M. ft am
Only First Class Passengers Carried.
! DOMINION UVB.
Boaton — Qnecsitowa — Liverpool.
New England.. Sept 3 New England... Oct. t
Mayflower Sept. 10 Mayflower Oct. 1
Commonwealth. Sept.24 Columbus (new) Oct. S
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Dominion Sept. 51 Canada ~ Sept. M
Southwark ...Sept. 12' Kensington Oct. 3
Boston Mediterranean *»***¦
AZORES— GIBRALTAR— NAPLES— GENOA.
Cambroman Sat. Sept. 19, Oct. 81, Dec 13
Hew York — Sotterdam, ' via BonlotiffB*.
Sailing Wednesday at 10 a. m.
Rotterdam Sept. 2|Statendam Sept. 1_J
Potsdam Sept.- olByndam Sept. 23
BED ETAS USX.
Hew York — Antwerp— P»rlm. ;
Zeeland.-.Sept. 5.10 amlVadTnd.Sept.ia. 10 am
Flnland.Sept. 12. 10 am I Kroonlnd.Bpt.3e. 10 am
WKXTE STAB ZJJTB.
Hew York — Queen Jtown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Teutonic. .Sept. 2, noon Germanic. Sept. 9. noon
Arabic Sept. 4, 4 pm Cedrlc.Sept. 11. S am
Armenian. Sept. 8. 7 am Majestic. Sept.' 1*. noon
C D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent. * Pactfla
Coast. 21 Post st. San ¦ Francisco.
TOYO K1SEN KA1SHA,
(ORIENTAL' STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe . (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. ' No
cargo received ©n board on day of sailing.
S. fi HONGKONG MARU (calling at Ma-
nila)... Saturday. September 19. 1903
8. S. NIPPON MARU ._.. •"*.«*.
; Thursday. October 15. J803
S. 8. AMERICA MARU ".V.-^
Tuesday. November IA 1803
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage, apply at Com-
pany's office, 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent
oeeanicS.s.co. ftss ms
vVVUiuvvtvt**' oixeci um to num.
s S ALAMEDA.. for Honolulu. Sept. 8. 11 a. m
q 8 SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
- lmid and Sydney. Thursday. Sept 17. 2 p. m.
S I MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Sept 20. 11 a. m.
4J. SFKEUELS k BZ9S.&, Agti.. Ticbt 3taa.Hl lartUft
fctytBOctJU HirW 3L. Fir It 7, f adft «. .
coxFASinx snncsALx TBivuTLiBnaxn.
DIRECT LINE TO HATRE-PARM. f »
Sailing every Thursday Instead of€gHft
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, •¦^¦•¦¦¦m
North River, foot of Morton street
First-class to Havr*. |70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre, |15 and upward. OEN- ,
EKALAGENCY FOR UNITED STATE3 AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building),
New York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mare laland and ValUJo UUm aawt,
Steamer GEN. FRISBIB or MONTICELLO^
8:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday, »:45 a. in.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo.
7 a. m., 12:30 noon. 0 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare, 60 cent* Tel.
Main 1508. Pier 2. Mis«Um-st dock. ' HATCH
BROS. ¦ ' »
Weekly Call; $1 per Year
' 1003, by the' Rev. John Stephens. 'David;- 8,
Burke tt and Minerva W. Pierce, both of San
Francisco.
: REHQUATE— XJPM ANN — August 28, 1003.
i William C. C. Rehquate and Lizzie Upmann,
both of Ban Francisco.
DIED. '
Adama, Mary A", v Kniwlea, Elizabeth
Ashton. Charles . ' McGrath. Thomas
Burger, Charles ¦. — <; McMahon, Thomaa
Corper, Jacob Neustadter, Henry
Crocker. Isaac B. .' ' Page. Frank L.
Davis. David Read. Alice
Flannelly, Mrs. A; Rogers, Robert F.
Flynn. Patrick • Simmons. Paul
Orady, Margaret ¦ ' Smith. Mary B.
Harper, Jeannle • Swanson. Gustave
Hartje. Florence L. Wayne. Indiana
ADAMS— In this city. August 28. 1803. Mary
A., beloved wJfe~of W. - J.~ Adamn, a native
of New York City, N. Y., aged 70 yearsand
8 months. ¦ - • ¦ ' ' . - ¦_
E7"Rema!ns will be shipped to Banta Rosa
to-day (Saturday), at 1 o'clock. .Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.\ 767
Mission Btreet, between Third and Fourth.
ASHTON— In this city, entered into rest, at
his residence, . 2BC0 Howard street. August
27, 1B03. Charles, beloved husband 1* Eliza-
beth C. Ashton, a native of M».nche«ter,
England, aged .75 years 8 months and 5.
days.
CT Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services Saturday, August
29, 1903, at 1:30 o'clock, at Bt. Stephen's
Church, Fulton street, between Webster and
fillmore. Interment private. Pl«ast omit
flowers.
BURGER— In this city, August 27, 1903,
Charles, dearly beloved husband of Gretchen
Burger, .father of Pauline Burger, son. .of
Johannls and Frieda Burger of Germany,
. and brother of Frltx. Katie and Marie Bur-
ger, a native of Weleae, Wurtcmberg, Ger-
many, aged 84 years B months and 9 days.
A member of Euroka Lodge No. 6, O. d. H.
S.i White Eaele Tribe No. 72, Imp. O. R.
M., and Master Brewers' Association of Cali-
fornia. (Sacramento papers please copy.)
EyFrlendn and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), from Pioneer "Hall. Fourth street,
tiear Market, where funeral services will be
held, commencing at 2:30 o'clock. Remains
at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137
Mission street, between Seventh and Eighth.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
CORPER — Entered into rent, in Amsterdam,
Holland, August 28. 1903, Jacob Corper. be-
loved father of Mrs. Jacob Voorsanger, aged
86 years.
CROCKER— In this city. August 27, 1903, Isaac
B. Crocker, a native of Massachusetts, aged
77 years.
(?""Friends and acquaintances are respect*
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Mission Ma-
sonic ¦ Temple, 26CS Mission street, under the
auspices- of Mission Lodge No. 169. F. and
A. M. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
Remains at the funeral parlors of Bunker &.
Lunt, 2C6tt Mlsalon street, between Twenty-
second and Twenty-third.
DAVIS— In this city. August 28, 1903, David,
beloved husband of Lulu Davis, beloved son
of Rachel and the late Morris Davis, and
brother of - Abraham, Marc and the late
Lewis Davis, a native of Culmar, Poeen.
Germany, aged 52 years 6 months and 5
days.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Bunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 106 Austin avenue, near Polk street,
and thence by electric funeral car leaving
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 2 o'clock
to New Salem Cemetery for Interment.
Kindly, omit flowers.
FLANNELLY— In this city, August 26, 1903.
Mrs. Anne, dearly beloved wife of the late
P. M. Flannelly, and mother of Mrs. J. W.
Welton and Mra. E. Burcess-Badlam.
ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the .funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 3823 Nineteenth street, thence to
, Mission Dolores Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment private, Holy Cross Cemetery, by
electric funeral car from Eighteenth and
¦Guerrero streets.
FLYNN— In Oakland, August 28, 1903, Pat-
rick Flynn, beloved' husband, of Johanna
Flynn, and father of Sara F-, James T., M.
Ella, John P. and Margaret J. Flynn, a na-
tive of County Sllgo, Ireland, aged 64 years.
• (CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
August 30, 1903, at 2 o'clock, from his late
¦ residence, 1401 . Seventh street, thence to. St.
Patrick's • Church,, where services will he
held at 2:30 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
. Cemetery. - A solemn requiem mass will be
.celebrated at St. Patrick's. Church on Mon-
day, August 31,-1903, at 9 o'clock, for the
repose 'of his soul.'
GRADY— In. this city. August 27, 1903. Mar-
garet, dearly beloved mother of the late
Thomas' Grady, a native of. County Cork,
Ireland, axed 75 years.
E7The funeral will take place Saturday.
August 29,- at 9 .o'clock, • from the residence
of her niece. Mrs. William Keating, 1108
Taylor street, thence to St. Mary* (PauL-
ists') Church, where' a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
bouI, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. .. ¦ - . • -
HARPER— In this city, August 27. 1903. Jeaii-
nie Harper, beloved wife ef the late Thomas
Harper, beloved mother of Herbert E. Har-
per,, daughter of 'Ann Jane Greacen,- and sis-
ter of Thbrnas, Samuel W., Wilson" and John
Greacen, Mrs. Martha ! Harrison and ' Mrs.
£arah Ann Harper, a native of County
Monaghan, Ireland, aged 43 years.
K7"Frle.nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday,- -August 29, 1903, at 2 o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Un-
dertaking Company, 2475 Mission' street, near
Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery,- by electric funeral car from corner
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 2:30
o'clock. ¦*"
HARTJE— In this city, August 27, 1903. Flor-
ence Louise, youngest and beloved daughter
of Fred and Annie Hartje, and sister of An-
nie, Fred Jr.. Henry, George. Mamie, Wal-
ter, Willie, Meta and Albert Hartje, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 1 year and S
days. . . .
(CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the family
residence. IS Chattanooga street, between
Twenty-flrst and Twenty-second. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. ¦ -
KNOWLES — In San Jose, August 26, 1903,
Elizabeth A., wife of the late Stllman H.
Knowles, beloved mother of Fannie M.,
Harry A. and the late Stllman H. Knowles,
and sister of Mrs. Sophia S. Cannon and
John- S., George N. and Thomas 8: Eells, a
native of ! Delhi, Delaware County, New
York, aged 03 years 8 . months and 2 days.
McGRATH— In this city, August 28. 11)03,
Thomaa McGrath, dearly ¦ beloved son of
Daniel and the late Mary McGrath of Hack-
ensack, N. J., and brother of James, John,
Allle and Katie McGrath, a native of Hack-
. ensack, N. J., aged 22 years.
CFThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 29 Van Ness a*vcnue,
thence to Bt. Paul's Church for services at
1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McMAHON— In this city. August 28. ll>03,
Thomas, beloved son of John and Ann Mc-
Mahon, and brother. of Katie and Annie Me-'
Mahon and Mrs. T. Sullivan, a native of
Drumshanbo, County Leltrim, Ireland, aged
27 years.
CThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of James McMcnomey & Son. 1057 Mission
street, ; near Seventh, thence' to St. Joseph's
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. -
NEUSTADTER— In Salzburg, Austria, August
24. 1903, after a brief Illness.' Henry Neu-
Btadter, beloved husband of Caroline Neu-
stadter, a native, of Bavaria, aged 73 years.
PAGE— In this city, August 28. 1903. Franki
L. Page, beloved brother of Mrs. John Scott.i
Mrs. Peter Kumle, Mrs. S. Harrison, Mrs."
Frank Scott, Frank and Charles Page of
Yuba County and Mrs. A. J. Holmes of
Nevada City, a native of California, aged
•41 years -I month -and 6 days.
READ— In this city, August 28. 1903, Alice,
dearly beloved wife of George. Read, and de-
voted mother of Rosa, John and Alfred Read
and the late George. Lizzie and Alice Read,
a native of Malton, Yorkshire, England,
aged 00 years 10 months and 2 days.
(ETFilenda and acquaintances are respect-
<s. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1631 Howard street, between Eleventh
and Twelfth. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
ROGERS— In this city, August 28, 1903. Rob-
ert F., beloved husband of Francesca-'rtog-
ers, father of Robert T., Francesca M. and
Isabella E. Rogers, and brother of Edwin
N. Rogers and the late Mrs. Isabella P. Kln-
sey. (Cincinnati papers pleape copy.) .
E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767
Mission street, between Third and Fourth.
SIMMONS— In this city.. August 28, 1003, Paul,
beloved son of Edward and Alma Simmons,
and brother of Grace, Raymond and Mary
Simmons, a native of San Francisco, aged
"8 months and 15 days.
SMITH— In Oakland. August 27, 1903. Mary S.
Smith, a native of Virginia, aged 68 year*
8 months and 15 days. .'.¦¦• ¦ ¦ .
¦ ItyThe remains will ,be borne from the
residence of her son -John, 5G3 Twenty- fourth
street, to the church. Friends and acquaint-
ances are respectfully invited to attend the
requiem high mass Saturday, August 29,
1903, at 9:30 o'clock, at th» Church of the
Immaculate Conception. Interment private.
SWANSON— In • this ; city. August 27. 1903,
¦ Gustave. beloved husband of Anna Swanson,
a • native , of , Sweden, . aged 38 years and 7,
months. -*
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral . services
Bunday, August 30, 1903, at 1:30 o'clock- at
the mortuary, chapel or the Golden Gate Un»
dertaklnj? Company, 2475 Mission street, near
1 Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by electric ; funeral car from corner
. Eighteenth and .Guerrero streets at 2 o'clock.
WAYNE-7-In ! Lorin. ,'Auguist 27, 1903. Indiana
' Wayne," beloved aunt of Josle Amos, a native
of: Washington, D. C, aged ; 38 years -2
," months and 2 flays. ' .' "¦' ' .
REAL jESTATB-— CITY— FOR SALE.
THOMAS MAGEE & 6ONS. ~"^
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
$42,500.
MISSION STREET.
?Cot far from 3rd; eplendld frontage with
extra depth running back to rear street.
$17,500.
23x137:6; on a. main street north of Mar-
ket end east of Larkln; splendid site for
firet-c'.ass store and rooming house; If
Improved will pay 8 per cent on $15,000.
XEW RESIDENCES. '
$13,000— Vallejo st; 30x137:6; new two-story
and basement residence ; very artistically
arranged; 8 rooms and bath; first -class
locality: fine view of bay; electric cars
close by.
$12,000— California et.; 27:6x137:6; 2-story, at-
tic and basement house; 5 rooms on first
floor, 5 rooms and bath en Becond floor,
2 rooms in attic, laundry and Chinese
room In bae«ment; first -clai-s residence
district; block level; Btreet work all
done; house was rented for $75 a month.
$7,500— Northeast corner; 61x72; park close by;
new 2-story residence; 8 rooms and bath,
attic and basement; hardwood floors In
salon parlors, hall and dining-room; ma- :
'hogany and cak mantels; very artist-
ically arranged; floored attic; planked
and plastered basement; stationary
washtubs; especially good hardware
throughout; good gas fixture*; a partic-
ularly sunny corner.
$T,000— Washington et.; 27:6x127:8; rood
2-story residence with attic and base-
ment; 8 rooms and bath; - heater
throughout house; clectrle lighting; the
rooms In this house are exceptionally
sunny and light; fine view of Presidio
and Marin County hills; plastered base-
ment; first-class locality; a very cheap
place.
J4.2OO — California St.; 25x110; very good resi-
dence; 5 years old; 6 rooms and bath;
floored and plastered basement; fine
southern exposure; very conveniently
and artistically arranged: three car lines
close by; mortgage of $2500 at 6 per c«nt
can remain for 2 years; only $1700 cash
will buy this place to-day.
GOUGH STREET LOTS.
Lots 27:6x110 on Gough St., near Broad-
way; street bituminlzed; granite curb-
ing: artificial stone sidewalk; one of the
finest residence localities In the city.
Key lot 27:6x110. with 50 ft of permanent
Fpace toward the south and west.. $4650
Three other lots at $1550. $4-150 and
$4350.
Corner. 27:6x110. with street wcrk and
sidewalk en both streets all done..$CO00
These are very cheap lots.
THOMAS MAGEE A SONS.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
0 MONTGOMERY" ST.
¦ STOP PAYING RENT.
$100 down. bal. $20 per month: cottage 9 r.
I erd b.. on 26th st.. half block Castro-st. cars.
$250 down, bal. $20 per menth; cottage 0 r.
and b., Sanchez st. Office open on Sunday.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission st.
A BARGAIN— $4250. CORNER LOT. 2 FLATS:
LOT £5x114; 184 CLIPPER ST. SEE
OWNER ON PREMISES.
FOR sale — House 8 rras.: high basement; sunny
Bide 19th. bet_ Valencia and Mission; no reas.
offer refused. Stephens & Co.. Unlon-sq. Mkt.
LOTS north cr south of park purchased. W.
J. GUNN. 530 California st.
RE.iL ESTATI3 Country — For Sale.
FOR cale cheap — "vVhltehcuse resort, rear Fair-
fax, conslsttnr of restaurant business and
furnished rooms In connection therewith; 24
pets of furniture, horses, wasona. etc For
particulars apply M. COCHRANE, San Ra-
fael, Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTEIl CO.. MS
Market gt.
POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
WATER frcnt lots and bargains; all tracts;
tnapg. photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bid*.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
ALA Mi: DA REAL ESTATE.
JUST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR.
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
train and schools; only $2»&0; lot 75x125.
Nice 5- room cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
Tel. Gr. nd 14C1. 1500 Park Bt.. Alameda.
BERKELEY' ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY . REAL ESTATE.
AN opportunity seldom met with; I have a
new 2-story 7-room nouse, 4 bedrooms,
equipped with all modern conveniences, gas,
electric lights, etc., on an Improved street,
only 2 blocks from the station, which I will
cell to a reliable party on the following
terms: $100 cash and the balance in month-
ly Installments; whole price $3500.
JOSEPH J. MASON, Real Estate,
Cot Shattuck ave. and Center, -Berkeley.
FINE. new. handsome cottages; up to date; all
conveniences: close to cars; large lota; $1550
to $1600; only $200 cash, balance $16 60 per
month.
W. C MORAN. Lorin station, or
C C. EMSLIE. Aahby rtatlon.
FRU1TYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUIT VALE REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE.
Ten-acre tract in Frv'tvale; suitable for sub-
division.
E. BISHOP. 4C6 Tenth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 2B0ADWAY. |
O A KLAKD REAL ESTATE.
BARGAIN.
Positively the most elegant Improved grounds
In Alameda County: nne 8-room residence
and barn; let irOxl&O; on the west side of
Telegraph ave.
BERKELEY.
A 4-room cottage on a large lot, 80x150. This
Is a snap at $1250.
M. L. WURTS 17th st and Broadway.
$7.'.OO FOR elegant residence In Highland Park.
Eart Oakland, that cost $15,000; lot 300x112;
1: j entire block; covered with choice shrub-
bery; lemon trees In fall bearing; away from
fogs and cold winds; Improvements first class;
electric cars to the, place; this fine property
must be sold ; owner in Europe. E. BISHOP,
4C0 Tenth Et., Oakland.
0^__^\IJ^FOIXITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains. In furni-
ture. II. Schellhaae, lltb «t.,cor. store.Oaklnd
Mill Valley Advertisements.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
TAKE YOUR WIFE AND FAMILY
, TO MILL VALLEY ON SUNDAY
And see the Gplendld lots we are offering
right at the station for $400; terms 10 per
cent cash, balance $1O monthly; large- lots,
SAfxVUt; the new electric trains are now run-
ning, the best service in the country; you
will have a pleasant outing, and If you buy
a lot it will prove a. very profitable one;
values are bound to increase; agents on the
grounds Sundays. LYON & HOAG, 116
Montgomery st.
ROOMS roil HOUSEKEEPING.
DEVISADERO, 1500 — Three sunny unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; running water, gas; $14
per menth.
ERIE, 117. near Fourteenth and Howard — Two
' furnished housekeeping: rooms; $8.
FELL. 22S — Elegant Rilte, -furnished for house-
keeping; $14; bath, gas range; adults.
FOLSOM. 630—2 or 8 furnished rooms for
- -housekeeping; others; with, stoves; cheap.
HERBERT fThe) — Sunny apartment! for
housekeeping; gas ranges; just newly fur-
¦ nlehed. . 1530 Polk «t. .
HOWARD. J0C3— 2 sunny connecting complete.
ly furnished bay-window rooms; electric
. lights; others. . ;
KEARNY. 104 — Sunny, frcnt suite; unfur-
• nUhed; newly papered; no children; refs. .
MISSION. - 811%— Nice evnny bay-window
culte; also other housekeeping room*.B.F.StolL dentist; Halght & Masonic av.*
BAKERSFIELD. Aug. 28.— Walter Pierce,
the 9-year-old son of James Pierce. . a well
known oil man and former superintendent of
the Peerless Oil Company, was killed a few
days ago by a horse In the mountains •¦ near
Kernvllle, where his parents have been camp-
Ing. ,->¦, ; _.v- -;-.--,
Qood service In large demand — that's why we
are always busy. Mysell-Rolllns. 22 Clay. •
Mary E. Macon, whose son. McCor^
Macon. was married to Eva Bennett at
Santa Ana February 12, 1903. filed a suit
for the annulment of the marriage yester
day. She says that her son was under
age at the time and did not secure her
consent to take unto himself a wife. His
wife was three years younger, being
just 16. . ¦-.;.*
Was Too Young to Marry.
To-day at 0 o'clock we srlve you another
chance to buy ladles' fine shoes for 50 cents a
pair; also a large line of men's shoes. 73 cents
a pair. Every pair goes to-day. Sale 0 6'clc.ck
sharp. Busy Bee Shoe Co.. 1029 Market street,
above Sixth. . •
50c for Large Feet.
Transportation— Homer King, Wells, Fargo
& Co.'a Bank; E. O. McCormick, Southern Pa
cific Company; W. A. Bissell, Atchison To
peka and Santa Vv Railway Company; William
McMurray, Southern Pacific Company. .
Public, halls— I. W. Hellman Jr.. Union
Trust Company; Edward Donoho«. Donohoe-
Kelly Banktr.c Company; J. Dalzell Brown
California Safe Deposit and Trust Company;
L J. Truman, Columbian Banking Company.
Entertainment— James K. Wilson, San Fran
cisco National Bank; P. E. Bowles. American
National Back: J. D.' Phelan. Mutual Savings
Bank; H. J. Crocker. Crocker building; r:
Altschul. London, Paris and American Bank-
J. Dalzell Brown. California Safe Deposit and
Trust Comoany; William Greer Harrison. 305
California street; S. G. Murphy, First National
Auditing— Lovell White. San Francisco Sav
ings Union; L. F. Mouiton, Bank of California-
W. McGavln. Ne\-ada National Bank.
The finance committee includes Ignatz
Stelngart of the Anglo-Callfornian Bank,
N. D. Rideout of the London and San
Francisco Bank, Robert J. Tobin of the
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society, Sig
Greenbaum of the London, Paris and
American Bank; A. Kains of the Can
adian Bank of Commerce and E. B. Pond
of the San Francisco Savings j Union.
Other banks on the committees are as fol
lows:
The . executive committee of arrange
ments Includes- William Alvord of the
Bank of California of this city as chair
man, President J. K. Wilson of the San
Francisco National Bank as vice chair
man and.R.M.. Welch, of .the San Fran
cisco Savings Union as secretary. The
executive committee "is .made up of the
chairmen of the respective sub-commit
tees. The full list is as- follows:
William Alvord. . Bank of California, chair
man executive committee; R. M. Welch, San
Francisco Savings ¦ Union -secretary executive
committee: I. Steinhart, Anglo-Calif ornlan
Bank, chairman finance .committee; Lovell
White, San Francisco Savings Union, chair
man auditing committee; - Homer S. King,
Wells, Fargo & Co.'s Bank, chairman transpor
tation committee; J. K. Lynch. First National
Bank, chairman reception committee; I. W.
Hellman Jr.. Union Trust Company, chairman
public halls committee: J. K. Wilson, San
Francisco National Bank, chairman entertain
ment committee; A. • H. R. Schmidt German
Savings and Loan Society, chairman hotel com
mittee: P. E. Beck, International Banking
Corporation, chairman decoration committee:
F.-B Anderson. Bank of California chairman
inrltatlon committee; F. J. Symmes. Central
Trust Company, chairman ladles' auxiliary
committee: A. Sbarboro. ' Italian- American
Bank, chairman press and Information com
mittee; F. W. Zeile. Mercantile Trust Com
pany, chairman printing committee
Not until yesterday were the commit
tees in behalf of the California banks
finally arranged, but since the bankers of
the United States voted In New Orleans
last October to come to San Francisco
the work of preparing for the convention
has been going on in the matter of or
ganizing the home forces and in arrang
ing the preliminaries. The announcement
of the California committees, which is
made this morning, shows a great array
of bankers of this State.
MANY LEADING BANKERS.
¦ sented, in one way or another, in the
plans for extending welcome and open
| handed hospitality worthy of the reputa
i tlon of California. The announcement is
made on authority that no subscriptions
are asked for or will- be received from the
genera! public. All the cost of entertain
ing will be borne by the .. banks repre
sented in the San Francisco Clearing
house, with which the idea of bringing
the convention to California originated.
Louis Rhea. a cook at El Carmelo Ho
tel at Pacific Grove, was sued for main
tenance by his wife, "Winifred Rhea, yes
terday. She charges that for the last flv«
years h© had not provided for her or their
three children. Ho earns $73 a month.
Cook's "Wife Sues for Support.
The proper thins; now la to arr&nx* part!**
for an evening trip on the new else trio c*n
to Mill Valley. The fare Is but 40 cents for
the round trip via Sausallto Ferry, ani ths
trip la comfortable and highly enjoyable, *
An Evening Diversion.
OFFICERS - OF CALIFORNIA
BANKERS' EXECUTIVE COM
MITTEE OF ARRANGEMENTS.
. practically completed yesterday
and yie men who represent 7000 of the
leading banking institutions of the coun
try and more than $1,000,000,000 in cash
have in view the assured prospect of a
great time in California.
The c convention will open here October
20 ana will continue in session to October
23. inclusive. With all the system char
acterjgtlc of bankers, the energetic com
mittee in this city having the arrange
ments in their charge have secured an
accurate list of every person who will
attend the convention from abroad. From
this It la ascertained that the delegates
and the ladies of their party will number
1200.
A more Influential set of men than the
delegates to the American Bankers' As
socia&on convention never have visited
this city. To give them fitting welcome
aJI the banks of California are repre-
THE plans for receiving and enter
taining the delegates to tne Amer
ican Barkers' Association conven
tion In this city in October were
i James K. Lynch, First National Bank; J.
K. Moffltt First National Bank; Georfce W.
Kline, Crocker- Woolworth National Bank; J.
Dempster McKee, Mercantile Trust Company;
P E. Bowles. American National Bajik; N.
T Smith, Southern Pacific Company; A. Sbar
boro 1 Italian-American Bank; Joseph Fried
landc-r. Anglo-Callfornian Bank; A. Ponla
towskl. Central Trust Company- Henry Brun
ncr Central- Trust Company; H. M. J. Mc-
Mlchael. Bank of British North America; J.
F. Bluelow. Nevada National Bank; H. T.
S. Green London, Paris and American Bank;
J. A.- Donohoe. Donohoe- Kelly Banking Com
pany-John Lloyd, German Savings and Loan
Society: W. B. Wightman, International Bank
•ing Company: S. C. Blgelow. Savings and Loan
Society; S. L. Abbott Jr., Security Savings
Bank; C. J. Deerlng, Union Trust Company;
J. R. Ambrose. Bank of British North Amer
ica; F. . W. Wolfe, San Francisco National
Bank; J. C. Currier, Columbian Banking Com
pany; Irving Lundborg. International Bank
and Tru»t Company of America; C. L. Davis.
San. Francisco National Bank : Theodore F.
Blake, First National Bank: Walter E. Dean,
Chamber of Commerce: General N. P. Chip
man. State Board of Trade; A. A. Watklns,
Board of Trade; George W. McNear, Mer
chants' Exchange; Fairfax H. Wheeian, Mer
chants' Association; James P. Currier, Manu
facturers' and Producers' Association;- Victor
A. Scheller, San Jose Chamber of Commerce,
San Jose; J. E. Baker. Bank, of Alameda.
Alameda; William S. Tevls, First National
Bank, Bakersfleld; F. W. Robinson, Producers'
Savings Bank, Bakersfleld; A. W. Naylor,
First National Bank, Berkeley: L. Gundel
finger, Bank of Central California, Fresno; O.
J. -. Woodward, First National -Bank, Fresno;
S. E. Blddle. The Old Bank, Hanford; T. S.
Hawkins. Bank of Hollister. • Hollister; J. M.
Elliott, First National Bank, Los Angeles; J.
G. Moesln, American National Bank, Los An
geles; W. C. Patterson, Los Angeles 'National
Bank, Los Angeles; W. L. Graves, Merchants'
National Bank, Los Angeles; J. A. Graves,
Farmers' and Merchants' National Bank, Los
Angeles; J. S. Craven. Southwestern National
Bank, Los Angeles; J. M. C. Marble, National
Bank of California.. Los Angeles;. William
Mead. Central Bank, Los Angeles; J. W. A.
Off, State Bank and Trust' Company, Los An
geles; J. E. Flshburn, National Bank of Cali
fornia, Los Angeles; W. S. Bartlett, Union
Bank of Savings, Los Angeles; M. N. Avery,
German-American Savings Bank, Los Angeles;
H.' S. • McKee. Los Angeles Trust Company. Los
Angeles; J. F. Sartorl, -Security Savings Bank,
Los -Angeles; W. A. Hale, Bank of Martinez,
Martinez; O. McHenry/ First National Bank,
Modesto; W. G. . Palmanteer. Central Bank,
Oakland; D. Edward Collins, California Bank,
Oakland; C. E^Palmer, Union National Bank,
Oakland: Charles"H. Schively, Bank' of Oro
vllle, Orovllle; Ernest H. May, First National
Bank. Pasadena: Henry Newby, Pasadena Na
tional Bank; Pasadena: George P. McNear.
Bank of Sonoma County. Petaluma; Richard
Bradley, Bank of Porterville, Porterville; E.
W. Runyon, Bank of Tehama County, Red
Bluff: C. C. Bush, Bank of Shasta County,
Redding; F. P. Morrison. First National Bank.
Redlands; L. P. Behrens, Bank of San' Ma
teo County, Redwood City; M. J. Daniels. Or
ange Growers' Bank, Riverside; Frank Miller,
National Bank of D. O.' Mills, Sacramento;
George W. Peltier. California State Bank, Sac
ramento: D. F. Garretson. First National
Bank. San- Diego; J. F. Brooke, San Jose
Bafe Deposit Bank, San Jose; Joseph D. Rad
ford. First National Bank of San Jose, San
Jose; T. Ellard' Beans, Bank of Sen Jose, -San
Jose; D. D. Barnard. Commercial Bank, San
Luis Obispo;. George S. Edwards, Commercial
Bank, Santa Barbara;- B. F. Porter, Bank of
Santa Cruz County. Santa Cruz; John P. Over
ton, Savings Bank of Santa Rosa. Santa Rosa;
a. K. Snodgrass, First National Bank. Selma-
P. B. Frasler, Farmers' and Merchants' Bank'
Stockton: Fred M. West. Stockton Saving* and
Loan Society. Stockton; E. P.Tonter. Bank of
Ventura, Ventura: H.- 8. Fletcher. Bank of
Watsonvllle, Watsonvllle: C. W. Bush,' Bank
of Yolo, Woodland: Professor Carl C. Plehn
University of California, Berkeley.
: LEADING ENTERTAINMENTS.
¦ The' committees have arranged for free
Bank; A. Sbarboro. Italian-American Bank.
Printing— F. W. Zeile, Mercantile Trust
Company; William Mackintosh. First National
Bank; P. G. Kastwick, International Banking
Company.
Hotel — A. H. R. Schmidt. German Savings
and Loan Society: F. E. .Beck, International
Banking Corporation; Zi. I. Cowglll. San Fran
cisco National Bank; W. Gregg Jr., Crocker-
Woolworth National Bank.
Press and Information — A. Sbarboro. Italian-
American Bank; WllUam McMurray. Southern
Pacific Company; J. U. Calkins, American Na
tional Bank; \V. C. Murdoch, Western Na
tional Bank. •
Decoration— F. E. Beck. International Bank-
Ing Corporation; James J. Fagan, American
National Bank; F. L. Llpman, Wells. Fargo
& Co.'s Bank; S. H. Daniels. Bank of Cali
fornia; C. K. Mclntosh, First National Bank.
Invitation — F. B. Anderson, Bank of Cali
fornia; F. L. Llpman. Wells. Fargo & Co.*s
Bank. ¦ '
Ladles* auxiliary— F. J. Symroes, Central
Trust Company; P. E. Bowles, American Na
tional. Bank; A. Kama, Canadian Bank of Com
merce.
BIG RECEPTION COMMITTEE.
The reception committee is a great one,
embracing a large representation of San
Francisco and interior banks of Califor
nia and also the official boards of control
of commercial organizations in this and
other cities, all of which united in the
Invitation that was cordially extended to
the bankers when. they were convened at
New Orleans. The members of the re
ception committee and the institutions
represented by. them are as follows:
Miss Snowgrass. who is only a little
over 30 years of ago. Is a granddaughter
of the late Judge O. C. Pratt, who, when
he died several years ago. left a large
fortune in realty. The estate was the
cause of long years of litigation. In which
the children of one of his daughters, who
was twice married, and who bor© children
by each husband, took part.
A petition to be appointed guardian of
Miss Jennie M. Snowgrass was filed yester
day by her half-brother, Orville C. P.
Goodspeed. The petitioner states that the
respondent Is not fitted to manage her
property, a statement affirmed by Miss
Snowgrass.
As another reason for the proceedings
It is stated In the petition that because
of the respondent's Inability, due to ill
health, it is feared that certain designing
persons have planned to take advantage
of her.
Consents to the Appointment of Her
Half -Brother as Her
Guardian.
trips, hotels included, to various points
of Interest in the State, for free telegraph
and telephone service and for pleasing. en-,
tertalnments for the benefit and enter
tainment of the visiting bankers. There
will be a session for the reading of pa
pers of Interest and for the transaction of
business each forenoon during the con
vention season. The afternoons and even
ings will be given up to enjoyment. The
headquarters of the bankers will be at
the Palace Hotel. There rooms have been
engaged for the accommodation of the
visitors and also several meeting rooms,
all of . which will be handsomely deco
rated with costly pictures of California
scenery and with dally renewed supplies
of flowers. There a band will play and
the home bankers of California will re
ceive thttr opUllnV guests.
On the opening day , of the convention
welcome will be. extended by Governor
Pardee for the State, by Mayor Schmitz
for the city of San Francisco and by ex-
Mayor Phelan for the bankers. An even
ing has been set for the entertainment of
the ladies of the party by the Century
Club. .
Hundreds of local people testify to the
efficacy of Dr. Koenigstein's Red Salve
for skin comDlalnts. •
MISS SNOWGRASS ADMITS
INABILITY TO: MANAGE
Not even his most intimate friends were
taken into his confidence during the hur
ried arrangements for his departure and
the first intimation they received of his
voyage was through hla farewell let
ters, which reached them when the Gan
tock Rock was far out to sea.
Charles Bishop is one of the best known
members of the younger social set of the
city and although a bit wild and inclined
to ignore the more serious phases of life,
he bore a splendid reputation among the
hundreds who enjoyed his acquaintance
ship and his association during the days
which he wasted in pleasure seeking in
stead of applying himself to duties that
would insure him a future place in the
local commercial world, in which his
father and multi-millionaire uncle are re
garded as important factors.
FAREWELL TO FRIENDS.
The Gantock Rock will go first to Puget
Sound and from there she will carry a
cargo to Natal. South Africa, thence to
Sydney and from there her master ex
pects, within the period of ten months,
to dock his old ship in the harbor of Liv
erpool. For this long and tedious voyage
young Bishop, in the menial capacity of
cabin boy will, as his shipping articles
show, receive three pounds sterling a
month or thirty pounds, all In gold, at
the conclusion of his service in Liverpool.
When h« was brought before Captain
Crosbie for inspection on Monday, the
master offered his wealthy young appren
tice the customary advance of three
pounds, which Bishop modestly declined
with the statement that he would like to
receive all his earnings at the end of his
voyage.
But Bishop's mind was determined, arid
with his newly purchased sallor'g kit, of
which his aprons and his blankets were
the bulkiest part, he was shipped aboard
the Gantock Rock on Monday afternoon.
"When his father learned that his son was
in earnest a feeling of relenting came
over him and he exerted a mighty effort
to recall young Bishop to the family
home, but it was too late. To return
would mean desertion, and having fully
made up his mind to begin life over the
son refused to accept suggestion of re
conciliation from his father and turned
his face to the ship's mast.
RELENTS TOO LATE.
Cabin boy for a man who has passed
his twenty-fifth year and has been ac
customed to the services of the best res
taurants and the comforts that are easily
acquired with wealth is not a particu
larly inviting billet. To rise before the
sun, don an apron. Join the ship's cook
in the galley and carry greasy vltuala to
a hungry gang of sailors and meals to
the captain and his mates are only part
of the dally routine of the cabin, boy and
are followed between messes by attend
ance in the captain's cabin and finally
a restless night on a dirty bunk in the
foul air of the ship's forecastle.
and had never known what it Is to toll
and they were deeply impressed upon his
mind when he left his father. During
the hours of the following night young
Bishop, isolated from his accustomed en
joyments behind the locked door of his
apartments In the Hotel Savor, seriously
pondered . over the past and looked dis
mally Into the future. Sunday morning
found him a changed man, upon whose
countenance could easily be discerned a
look of determination that bode achieve
ments never before considered by him.
That day he informed his father that he
had decided to so to sea, and early Mon
day saw Charles mingling among a lot
of rough looking sailors In the British
consulate, awaiting his turn to sign away
his freedom. Through the Influence of a
friendly shipping master Bishop had se
cured the guaranty of a position as cabin
boy aboard the British Iron ship Gantock
Rock, and fully primed with knowledge
of the hardships that were before him
he hastened to enter upon the duties of
his new lot.
They were stinging words for the young
man, who had been raised amid luxuries
Young Bishop became a member of the
Gantock Rock's crew by enforced prefer
ence; that is, he had been given the al
ternative gf going to work on a farm
or serving an apprenticeship at sea. As
a penalty for his son's apparent indiffer
ence to the future, his riotous way of
living and recklessness in the expenditure
of money furnished him by his father,
the latter called Charles Into his presence
last Saturday and. according to the young
man's own version of the affair, sternly
informed his son that the end of pater
nal Indulgence and toleration had been
reached, and that thenceforth Charles
should expect no assistance from his fath
er in a financial way or look to the latter
for parental consideration of any favor
able character," except under conditions
there named by the senior Bishop.
"Go to work on a ranch or embark In
service on the sea," the father is said
to have remarked to his son, "and In
that wav show me tnat you have the
courage to provide for yourself and I will
relent. Give me some evidence that you
have an appreciation for future respon
sibilities and I will undertake again to
encourage you in. life."
WORDS HAVE A STINO.
It will be months before the young man
will again set foot. In San Francisco, un
less he should grow desperate in his new
and somewhat humiliating position and
desert the ship, and this Is not likely, for
in affixing his signature to the ship's
articles on Monday last at the British
consulate the Vice Consul was careful to
remind the amateur sailor of the severe
penalties imposed under the British mari
time laws upon, those who attempt to
break their contract with a ship master,
EMBARKS AS CABIN BOY.
The Gantock Rock, commanded by Cap
tain , Crosbie, was towed out of the har
bor early Tuesday morning with, a cargo
of lumber, destined for the Sound. Her
departure, in so far as the local j ship
ping world was concerned, attracted no
particular attention. But to one individ
ual, Ira Bishop, local representative of
the Jupiter Steel Company and a brother
of Charles R. Bishop, vice president of
the California Bank, the going of the
ship was an impressive incident, for
aboard her was s his only son, practically
banished from home, and bound by rigid
ship articles to serve ten months as cabin
boy aboard the Gantock Rock.
There was no one at the docks to say
farewell to young Bishop, for as a matter
of fact he went aboard the ship as she
lay In th« stream the previous day and
no message from home reached him as
the Gantock/ Rock heaved her anchors
and made fast to the towboat line pre
liminary to starting on her long voyage.
Just before sailing, however, Bishop dis
patched several letters to his chums in
the city, bidding them adieu.
The, SDectacle of a California million
aire's son serving fodder to a sailors'
mess and packing meals to the master of
the ship is not one that San Francisco
society Is likely to contemplate with
pleasure, yet it is one that would prob
ably be witnessed on the good old Brit
ish ship Gantock Rock were the oppor
tunity afforded the members of local so
ciety to look down on that vessel as she
bucks' the billows on her way to Puget
Sound.
On the trip to the city the girl refused
to speak to any one and showed In her
maniyfr that she resented being found.
Miss "Wolfskin's mother, whollveslnLos
Angeles, Is at present staying at the Bella
Vista Hotel. Senator W. C. Ralston is
related to the young girl.
After wandering aimlessly around the
hills near Colma for forty-four hours
Miss Edith Wolfskill, the demented young"
woman who made her escape from the
California General Hospital, was found
by a Pinkerton detective' yesterday about
noon and taken back to the hospital
at once. Her clothes were badly torn
from walking through the thick brush,
but otherwise she was none the worse for
her experience.
The moment that the girl disappeared
from the hospital at Eighteenth and
Douglass streets a search was instituted
for her. Her relatives, besides notifying
Chief Wittman. employed Pinkerton de
tectives. One of these detectives, under
instructions from Captain Kemble, who
Is in charge of the Pinkerton office in
this citv, hired a conveyance and drove
down to colma yesterday. On Thursday
the young woman had been reported to
have been seen near Mussel Rock and
the man was told to make a thorough
search in this neighborhood.
Abandoning his carriage, near San Pe
dro Point, the detective climbed a high
hill and caught sight of the young wom
an at the bottom of a deep canyon. She
was kneeling and did not appreciate her
danger. With difficulty the detective de
scended the steeD sides of the canyon
and by the exercise of great strength
succeeded in dragging the girl up to the
level ground.
The carriage was then signaled for, but
Miss Wolfskill when it arrived refused to
ride in it. She was at last persuaded to
enter the carriage and she -was driven to
Colma kneeling on the floor of the ve
hicle. At Colma the detective notified
the Pinkerton office in this city that he
had secured the girl, and he was in
structed to taKe her back to the sanita
rium.
Abandons Convivial Friends
and Ships Aboard the
Gantock Rock.
Is Returned to the Hospital
From Which She Made
Her Escape.
Charles Bishop Begins
New Life in Menial
Position.
Detective Trails Miss
Wolfskill to Lonely
Canyon.
MISSING GIRL
FOUND PRAYING
RICH MAN'S SON
AS A CABIN BOY
THE SAN FEAKCISCO CALL SATURDAY, AUGUST 29, 1903.
Committees Representing Moneyed Institutions of All California Make
Plans to Welcome Eastern Delegates Who Handle Millions of Dollars
in Cash and Wield Vast Power in the Financial Centers of America
AMERICAN BANKERS' CONVENTION
HAS GREAT CHANCE FOR PLEASURE
14
S^S2S HALE^S. I HALE>S '
' Economy Sheets jffl -ttb. 9 H. B. Kid Cloves
Reinforcedln Center. M^^ooc^O^^^ "** tfftf/nfl Shades.
"Her Ladyship" Corset the first thought again to : day. Ifs the
Corset that doesn't disappoint.
Drug Sundries. New Veilings.
A few notes to keep our drug Latest styles and patterns.
department before you. 4 f ew f ashion no^ s -
—Listerine, regular $1.00 size, 65c. Veils are worn to preserve or em-
— Bradley's Woodland Violet Sea Salt, phasize beauty. The woman who
(The odor takes you back to the has the knack ot good dressing
time when you used to pick vio- knows that there are many possi-
lets in the woods.) Refreshing bilities in the veil— coquettish, de-
for toilet and bath. 25c bottle. mure, practical. * •..
—Bradley's Double Distilled Bay The autumn styles will be all
Rum. (He uses it after shaving.) kinds of chiffon effects ornamented
Fine, too. Large bottle 25c. with chenille, velvet, and some
—Ammonia, Hartshorn's best. oc. hand embroidered. They are the
—Toilet Soap, 3 cakes to a box, height of style and promise to rc-
Persian violet and rose, ioc. main so indefinitely.
—Hair Brushes, Bath Brushes and There are some particularly at-
hand brushes, large assortment, tractive effects in Tuxedoes,
good values, 25c. The diamond idea with small vel-
— Large Rubber Combs. Fine and vet dots in the center of each dia-
coarse. ioc. • mond is also very popular.
. The hat veil is no longer the
85C Lambrequins 39C. craze. It is a necessity.
2 y 3 yards long, i yard wide, with . *. Iade vciIs are also the hcight of
handknotted fringe on three sides. Vf' «.,„ ,, -,:,.., t n
They are in bright, pretty colors e are some new arrivals
and artistic designs, in either sateen P riced to sell:
nr madras 23 <5 rani — Hair Un« meshe*. T«erlff(» de-
orraaoras. gi? , ns b]ack tu^^ do tted.
JJon t you need a new one for COc yard — Brussels net. dotted or with era-
your piano? Maybe the lounge you broldered borders: black Tuxedoes spl-
„¦_«. V- i-_.;^L tu j » j de *" w « b patterns; chiffon with chenille
wish to cover or the door to drape O r sine embroidered dots.
— they look well Over the windows 73c yard— Black Tuxedo meshes with che-
tr%n n!l!e dots and clusters. Black Brussels
LUU# net. silk embroidered In diamond pat-
«. . . /-.. . tern with velvet dot In each diamond.
Negligee Shirts Hat Veils *
For Little Men. " ai VeilS '
r«/. ««-« -* «V- SO 6 — Black or white. Tuxedo me«h pattern
50C Ones at 3 3 C. veils. 1% yards long; trimmed borders.
Won t he feel big with a real 73<: — Chiffons l^ yards long with three
«;hirf liW nana'cl T.icf oc wr»11 m^. rows of ?elvet ribbon around border,
snirt llKe papa S! JUSt as well made. Jl.oo—Hemstitched chiffons. iom» of the bor-
gOOd and Strong. JUSt the thing for ders are scalloped, others chenllla or Tel-
livelv hovs T nnle rTrrcsv tnn vet dotted, while r>ther» have double
v mi tT y \ OOK , arcss y» \ n °' hemstitched effect with velvet stars bo-
1 You 11 have to see them to realize tween the stitching.
their value. Other stunning effects In chiffons, dotted
Di.-i, " j u'i j mi 1 and figured, with scalloped, silk embrald-
Ulack and white drill, fancy ered and applique borders $1.25. S\MH,
stitched front (plaited effect), all * x - 75 and *~°° eacn -
seams flat felled and double stitched. - w, 777"
Ages 6 to 12. ; H. B. GlOVeS
1 fir. r*« M #4., c«i« I n new shades.
10c Candy Sale And new stitching for fail
Is part of to-day's stirring news. But at the same popular price^ —
Half-pound bars of peanut taffy will $i.oo a pair,
be ioc. They come in the favorite ireo*
And cream chocolates, strawberry clasps, overaeam style, made from a
and vanilla flavors, s oz. at ioc. prime quality of lambskin. •
Hale's, 979 t on Market Street, meaty Sfrth..
ADVERTISEMENTS.
$o©«ooc2o©o©©3©Qeo0o®©eo©©ee©o©QO©os>*>f>»9©oe©o
I SUMMER MERCHANDISE MUST MAKE WAY. |
| RARE BARGAINS IN RIBBONS. g
S 1 25c Per. Yard. I! 1 15c Per Yard:! |6^cPerYardl %
9 . Newest"-, shades 'of SATIN TAFFETA LUSTER TAFFETA ©
9 CUSHION RIBBON, WASH RIBBON; new- WASH RIBBON: 3 ©
m <'i Inches wide. Rtg. , est shades; iy 2 inches Inches wide; all colors, .a
J5 value 40c. . wide. Res. value 25c. Reg. value 12^c. J?
" ¦* II II II ' II II O
Q ========* i : - ©
• Great Day for Hosiery. A Great Sale of Corsets. •
O 5 SPECIAL LOTS. n A „ „ q
A , m. I I, n LUp ERECT FORM CORSET: hose Q
• n'n CHILDREN'S -BICYCLE N UuU supporters attached; colors o
2 IZ*)U niBBED , HOSE; double heel, w gray or black; all sizes. T
X '™* w toe« and knee. " m.
V II ¦• O
• H- I t ADTFS' \\ C t fid EXTENDED HIP CORSET: Q
A I I P t ii'ir mppFn how « 0 l tUU w - B - or R - & G - make: made A
S U « irt l fpllc H ea B he E e?» a^foes" 1= Igj? 1 ** "^^ dOUWe ' Me S
• ¦ !!— 1 g
S 10 'nil i-ADiEs* white foot Hariflkprr.hipf Snprials o
S I / ft l!l HOSE; double sole; excellent IIOIIUIVCl OIIIBI Opt/Oldld. 9
*¦ grade of cotton. j| J*
? " ' ' masa Ofi Neat LINEN HEMSTITCHED II 2
• -^ || _ , T ,^7r~H Ju HANDKERCHIEF: 1-inch bor- 2
• drift LADIES* LACE HOSE; ** W der; Bold rerularly for 8c. •
• H 1 1 P spliced - heel and toe; best I II m
J U U U j] Hermsdorf dye. | ' '•
A == j fi 9
JT (j ! 1 JA A manufacturer's clean-up of a,
5 t\f% B LADIES' HOSE; best quai- I fin LACE HANDKERCHIEFS, on S
© #11 PO ity of lisle; high spliced heels 1 1, special sale to-day at 10c. Reg. V
9 AU U and double toes. T P rlca 20c - - *
• .....Vt-ILING NOVELTIES •
9 0 0 A II CHIFFON DRAPE VEILS; jl jj2° MOURNING DRAPE VEILS; •
9- lnP.Dl'/i yds. long; all colora. Reg. i 75C 1% yds. long; latest novelty •
• |j Pr^ce COc. ¦ | $1.00 1| for hat drapes. || Q
1 Wonderful Sale of , BELT W0VE1 - TIES - , I
O AI J. in ¦ i #%l<^ PATENTLEATHER Q
A Xill/ iil/niCtC ikA SHAPED BELTS; newest ©
§ • Oil 1% ww uio to. tjiJv 8tyle; colors black and red - e
• $5.00 SALE PRICE for our PEAU DE — — ¦- •
» SO1E SILK WAISTS: finely tucked ¦ ** 1000 ELASTIC BELTS go on 2 ;
• and trimmed with hemstitching; all fiJif* special sale to-day; gun metal **
© colors, all sizes. Ree. price $7.50. *ZVJv buckle both front and back. ©
| GREAT PAY FOR KNIT, UNDERWEAR. |
! I 45c I I 98c I 48c [I
• ¦ medhinf^elgh^iJng ¦ : IMPORTED VESTS; F L E E C E -UNED •!
• ¦ sleevev. pants . to lisle and wool mixed; UNION SUITS; Jersey ©
A match*' come In cream all colors. . , r - > i ribbed; colors gray and .a!
S- only. - ) I | | «?ru. |
S 3 striking Specials Very Much Less Than Usual. |
• LEATHER BAGS. SILK CLOVES. HOSE SUPPORTERS. •
• I ¦¦ .-/¦¦'•¦¦¦ " ¦ ~ • "^1 I JOc ~~~| 5
m- >^ ica? -_. ' tSZ£~\j-*» Children's Hose Sup- 9
2 i6OC porters; all sizes; reg. ©
© CHATELAINE or Just ; Received — A price 15c. _
A WRIST BAGS; - made new line of KAYSER 25c a
• of morocco ¦- seal and . SILK GLOVES; double Ladles' Belt ana 5»
walrus- all 'colors. -: tips; colors white and Side Supporters;, all •
9-- ¦¦ ' black; all sizes. . ¦ colors. . 9
9 L _J L- — —I I— -: o
• Sparkling Values In Lace Collars. g
S 81 RO for our BAT- $255 for our VE- f3.OO for our VE- 2
••'• TENBERO and SILK NETIAN STOLE and r - NETIAN CAPE COL- •
• CAPE COLLARS. CAPE COLLARS. LARS. Extra long. •
9 ' ' . i ' - , -. ' 9
9, A Variety of Styles to Select From. Colors. Arabian, Cream 'and Black. O
M Trading Stamps Given With Every, Purchase. .. . A
m Bend for Our Fall I Catalogue. Will Soon Be Ready, for Mailing. . T;
| yyi^\RICS BROS. ]
• 1220-22-24 Market St., Bet. Taylor and Jones. •
ASVZ&TISEHENTS.
THE PiNKHAM CORES
f WTIACTISG GEE1T ATTE5TI01 11056
THIIiOG W09EI.
Mrs. Frances Stafford, of 243 E
114th St.,N.Y. Gty,adds her tes-
timony to the hundreds of thou-
sands on Mrs. Pinkham's files.
When Lydia E. Pinkham's Reme-
• dies were first introduced skeptics
all over the country frowned upon
their curative claims, but as year
after year has rollea by and the
little group of women who had been
cured by the new discovery has
since grown into a vast army of
hundreds of thousands, doubts and
skepticisms have been swept away
as by a mighty flood, until to-day
the great good that Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
and her other medicines are doing
among the women of America is
attracting the attention of many of
our leading scientists, physicians
and thinking people.
Merit alone could win such fame j
wise, therefore, is the woman who
for a cure relies upon Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Co mpo itnd.
A Miser
must be be who doesn't keep his linen
Immaculate when we charge so little for
our work, though the work Itself Is first-
class In every respect. Write us. Call or
telephone and we'll send for your wash-
ables and deliver them when done. Bear
the name and number In mind— — • y ."" :
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
orncE 1004 mabket stbeit,
Near Powell. *" -
SPECIAL SATURDAY^ AND MONDAY.
3 1b tin SOUP (Reg. 23c) t3o
19 lbs FINE GRANTL.ATED SUGAR.. .fl.OO
50 lbs FAMILY FLOUR (makes white bread »
*i.or.
10 lbs ROLLED WHEAT (best mush) 23e
FRESH EGGS, per do* 2TV,«.
BEST BUTTER, per square S()e
7 bars EEST SOAP 23,,
McC0Y~& SON,
156 Ninth Street.
Phone Folsom 256.
CONEY JEMST
At the Beach. 2 Blocks Below CUfT House.
SUNDAY, AUGUST 30.
BALLOON ASCENSION and PARACHUTE
• LEAP
By MLLE. ANETI.
GRAND VAUDEVILLK SHOW.
¦ BAND CONCERT.
f« f J
MARKET ST. 3f!%&&r