Sunday Call Literary Sectiont So while the minutes of this safety si
lence ! multiplied and -there was space for
sober afterthought, I;fell to casting up
the chances of success. Now that Mar
gery was .gone/ and v/ith', her all the fine
enthusiasm, that c such, devoted souls as
hers . do always . radiate,, } it . .was ~ plain
enough that nothing. less, than a miracle
could bring success. Tarleton's legion
Although I could not hope to know the
outcome of this desperate cast to speed
the warning to the over-mountain settle
ments—could never live to know it, as I
thought— I screened the candle and stood
beside the open window, not to see or
hear, but rather from the lack of sight
or sound to gather" some encouragement.
For sure, I reasoned, if Margery's mes
senger should fall to pass the sentries
there would be clamor enough to tell me
of it.- ¦.• --',; •/•"—¦¦ *•¦ ••<—¦- ~
HOW A FORLORN HOPE CAME TO
GRIEF.
CHAPTER X.
I had always marveled ¦ that she " could
be so mocking hard at times, and at other
>. ."Margery, .why i have ; v you '« come?"*'- I
spoke Jn French, and she was ' quick \ to
lay; a finger on her Up. -¦•:_,'
"Speak to me in English; If you, please,"
she v whJspered. U "Jeanne, knows nothing,
and she'need not know.- But you ask why
I : come: could I do less than come, dear
friend?" ' \V , •
. She gave me little time for my word: of
welcome or of deprecation. While still I
stood amazed she dragged the woman in
with her and closed the door. At, that I
found my ..tongue. *'.
The question asked itself many a time,
and was as often answerless, before there
cam© a stir without and voices In the
corridor. It was the changing of the
guard, I guessed, 1 and so It proved, since
presently I heard the'clanking of the offi
cer's sword and double footfalls minlsh
lng Into silence. [I. ¦
The sentry newly come paced back and
forth to a low hummed quickstep of
his own, bestirring . himself as one
who, roused but now from . sleep,
would wake himself and be, alert. : He
made more. noise than did the other, and
that, is why I marked it when the foot
falls ceased abruptly. A moment after
ward the bar was lifted cautiously from
Its socket, the latch, clicked ¦„ gently and
the door swung open..' I looked and must
needs look again to make assurance sure.
For. on the threshold stood my .lady Mar
gery, and just behind her some broad
figure of a woman whom I knew for her
stout Norman tiring maid.
As I had. let him go- he would have
naught to tell, and so was safe, where.
otherwise he might be hanged or burled
In the hulks for knowing what I knew.
No, it were best he knew It not: but how
was I to rid me of this burden?— of this
and of that other laid upon me for my
love?
1
might else nip the Indian onfall in the
bud. .
No sooner was the priest away than I
began to upbraid myself because I had
not told him- of this British-Indian mur
der plan. And yet on second thought
'twas clear that it had been but a poor
shifting of the burden ¦ to weaker shoul
ders; and thankless, too, for Tarleton
would be sure to put him on the question
rack to make him tell of all that passed
between us. .
To me in the grim Doubting Castle of
despair the priest came. He was a good
man and true, this low voiced mlssioner
to the savages, and he would be a curster
man that I who failed to give . him his
due meed«of praise and love. For in' this
dismal interval of waiting, with death so
sure and near that all the air was grow
ing chill * and lifeless at Its presence, be
was ready to help me in time of need.' ....
When he was gone I fell to wearing
out the time afoot: and, . lest you i think
me harder than I was, it may be said
that while I, did not make confession * to
the kindly priest, I hope I tried to make
my peace with God: in some such simpler
fashion as our forebears did. 'Twas non»
so. great a -matter, for one. who lives a
soldier's life must needs be ripe for pluck
ing hastily.-^ ..v ;:„:- ? \ , :'. ',-¦¦¦' • .-.- . -
1 1 But . In: the final 'casting *of | accounts
there was ; an item written down in red,
andjoneciniblack,* "and these^ would not
be "cored across for. all the" travail; of
a soul departing. '¦;¦ The one In , black: was
bitter sorrow for the fate from which I
might* not live to save my loved one; the
one in red , was this— that \ shou Id die
and carry hence the ; knowledge . that
HOW A GOLDEN KET UNLOCKED
A DOOR.
Having my dismissal and reprieve I
was remanded to the custody of that
young Lieutenant Tybee whom you have
met and known as Falconnet's second in
the duel. Interpreting his orders liberally
he suffered me to keep my own room for
the night. I had expected manacles and
a roommate guard at the least, but my
gentlemanly Jailer spared me both. When
he had me safe abovestairs he barred
the door upon me, set a sentry pacing
back and forth In the corridor without
and another to keep an eye upon the win
dow from below, a.nd so left me.
There was no great need for either
sentry, or for bolts and bars. What with
the night's adventures and my scarce
healed wound I was far sped on that
road which ends against the blind wall
of exhaustion, | as you may well suppose.
For while a man may borrow strength
of wine or rage or passion, these lenders
are but pitiless usurers' and will demand
their pound of flesh; aye, and have it,
too, when all the principal is spent.
CHAPTER IX.
"You should not make me contradict a
lady, Mistress Margery. 'TIs evident you
have not all his confidence. He was cap
tured red-handed in the act at yonder
window, listening to {hat which he may
never know and live to prate about. Be
sides, he- killed a sentry for his chance to
listen, and for that I'd hang htm if he
were my own father's guest."
So much he said as mild- as if he had
not left his reading of the law to figure
in our annals as King George's butcher.
Then in a sudden gust of rage he turned
upon the priest, cursing him brutally and
threatening vengeance for his bringing
of the lady . to the courtroom.
My brave one stood a moment, shocked
as she had warrant for. Then, before the
priest or I or any one could: stop her, she
ran to throw herself upon her knees at
Colonel Tarleton's feet— to kneel and plead
for me as I would gladly have died a
thousandv deaths rather than have her
plead; for life for me, or if not that, at
least for some brief respite that the priest
might shrive me.
And in the end she won the respite,
though I did think it far too dearly
bought. When he granted it the colonel
lifted her' and took. her hand, bowing low
over it with courtly deference. "For your
sake, Mistress Margery, it shall 'be put
off -till morning/'-he said; 1 then gave'the
order:. At dawn they would march, me
out" and : hang f mer and I would "best be
ready. For later than the sunrise of a
new day the king, himself might \ not .de
lay my taking off. r :" v
'-•You know too" much,- my cursing cap
tain.','- was his parting word.' VWere it
not ; for Mistress Margery and my prom
ise, you should not keep the breath to
"Ha! How is this, Mistress Margery?
Do you keep open house for the King's
enemies? That spells treason, my dear
young lady, and hath an uglji look for
you, besides."
"It should have no look at all, save that
of hospitality, Bir," she countered brave
ly. "Surely I may plead for justice to a
wounded man who was, and is, my fath
er's guest?"
"And yet he is a spy, and spies must
hang."
"He is no spy."
The colonel's bow made but a mock of
true politeness.
m
face. And through It all, the while my
heart went near to bursting at this fresfc
proof of her most fearless loyalty, 1
ground my teeth in wrath that all those
men should look their fill and Bay by
wink and nod and covert smile that this
were somewhat more than hostess loy
alty. •
But it was the coloners~mocklng smile
that lashed me sharpest; his smile and
what he said; and yet not that so much
as what he left to be Inferred. ¦ .•."¦•
As it chanced, this was my first, sight
near at hand of that British commander
whose name in after years the patriot
mothers spoke to fright their children.
He did not look a monster. As I recall
him now, he was a short, square-bodied
man. younger by some years than myself,
and yet with an old campigner's head well
pet jipon aggressive shoulders. His eyes
were black and ferrety; and his face, well
seasoned by the Carolina sun. was swart
as any Arab's. A man. I thought, who
could be gentle-harsh or harsh-revenge
ful, es the mood should prompt; who
could make well-turned courtier compli
ments to a lady and damn a trooper in
the self-same breath.
This was that Colonel Banaster Tarle
ton. who gave no quarter to surrendered
men; and when I looked into the sloe
black eyes I saw in them for me a waiting
gibbet.
"So!" he rapped out, when I was haled
btfore him. "You're the epjing rebel cap
tain, eh? Are you alive enough to hang?"
His lack of courtesy rasped so sorely
that I must needs give place to wrath
and answer sharply that there was email
doubt cf It, Hince I could stand and curse
him.
He scowled at that and cursed me back
again as heartily as any fishwife. Then
suddenly he changed his tune.
"They tell me you were in the service
once and left it honorably. I am loth to
hang a man who has worn the colors.
"".Vculd It please you best to die a soldier's
d^ath. Ca:>tain Ireton?"
I said it would, most surely.
He said I should have the boon if I
¦would tell him what an officer on the
Baron <3e Kalb's staff should know; the
strength of the Continentals, the general's
designs and dispositions, and I know not
what besidos. I think it was my laugh
that made him stop short and damn me
roundly in the midst.
"By God, I'll make you laugh another
tune!" he swore. "You rebels are all of
a piece, and clemency is wasted on you!"
"Vour mercy comes too dear; you set
too high a price upon it. Colonel Tarleton.
If. for the mere swapping of a rope for a
bullet 1 1 could be the poor caitiff your
offer implies, banging would be too good
for me." #
"U that is your last word — >-, But stay;
111 give you an hour to think It over."
"It needs not en hour nor a minute," I
replied. If I knew aught about the Con
tinental army— which I do not— I'd** see
you nangvd in your own stirrup-leather
before I'd tell you, i Colonel Tarleton.
Moreover, I marvel greatly — "
Two ways there be to fetch a stunned
rr.an to his senses, as they will tell you
mho have seen the rack applied; one is
to flack the tension on the cracking
joinie and minister cordials to the vic
tim; th© other to give the straining
•winch a crueller twist. It was not the
gentler way my captors took, as you
•would guess; and when I came to know
and see and feel egain a pair of them
were kicking me alive and I was sore
and aching from their bufferings.
How Jong a time came in between my
futile dash for liberty and this harsh
preface to their dragging of me back to
the manor house I could not tell. It must
have been an hour or more, for now a
Kibbous moon hung pale above the tree
tops and all around were bivouac fires
and horses tethered to ehow that in the
interval a troop had come and camped.
The scene within the great foreroom of
the house had been shifted, too. A sen
try was pacing back and forth before the
door— a Hessian grenadier by the sire and
fchako of him; and when the two
trooper bailiffs thrust me in, and I had
winked and blinked my eyes accustomed
to the candlelight, I saw the table had
been swept of its bottles and glasses, and
around It, sitting as in council, were some
half-score officers of the British lighthorse
with their colonel at the head.
IN WHICH I TASTE THE QUALITY
OF MERCY.
CHAPTER VIII
It was ray plotting captain who rode
me thus to earth; and when I thrust he
laughed and swore and turned the blade
aside with his bare hand. Then, pressing
closer, he struck me with his fist, and
thereupon the night and all Its happen
ings went blank as if the blow had been
a cannon shot to crush my skull.
With all my breathless haste It was not
done too soon, nor soon enough. When I
had quickly freed a horse from the dead
hand that held it tethered and was mak
ing shift to climb into the saddle they
Thronged upon me; the captain from his
window, the others pouring hotly through
the gaping doorway.
I n-.ade- shift to get astride the horse,
to prick the poor tx-ast with the point of
sword and so to break away in some
brief dash beneath the oaks. But it was
a chase soon ended. As I remember, I
¦was reeling in the saddle what time the
lorezaost of them overtook me. I held
on crimly till the horse pursuing lapped
tho one I rode by head, by neck and pres
ently by withers. Then I turned and
¦would be making frantic-feeble passes
with the sword at the man upon his
back.
You may think small of me. If so you
must, my dears, when I confess what fol
lowed after. No man is braver than his
opportunity, and I had little stomach for
a fipht with three ungrounded men. Hence
it was narrowed now to a bold sortie for
the horses, and this I made while yet the
captain hung in air and sought his foot
hold.
Here was the chance I had prayed for.
Tom Garget's sword had clattered down
b^ide* me. and with it I sprang afoot and
cut a whizzing circle by my doughty cap
tain's ear that made him cringe and gasp
and all but tumble out upon me. The bit
of parchment fluttered down, and In a
trice I had it safe.
«^* s ** they were quick echoes, other
f I cradlings followed, as of chairs
I 4 flung back; and then the wladow
| Jest above me filled with crowd
"* teg figures. I marvel that I had
the wit to lie quiet as I had fallen, but I
bad: and those above, looking from a
lighted room Into the belly of the night,
6a.w nothing. Then Captain Steuart
eboBted to his dragoon horseholdei.
"Ho! Tom Garget; this way. man!" he
cried; and when he had no answer, put
a leg- across the window «eat to clamber
out. 'Twas in the very act. while I was
•watching ea'tlike every movement, that I
caw the precious scrap of parchment In his
hand.
Copyright by the Bowen-Merrtll Co.
This is the second *n«tMiiTn«it of
"The Master of Appleby," a new
novel with a love mystery that will
baffle you to the end of the very last
chapter. "Who finally wins beauti
ful -Mad ge Stair — Sir Prancis Falcon
net, Jennifer or "The Master of Ap
plebyP"
"You put a bold front on, Captain Ire
ton, but 'tis to no purpose this time," ho
began. " 'TIs charged against you that
you rode here from the Baron's camp
with your commission in your pocket, and
came and went within our lines Ilka any
other spy. You are a soldier, sir, and you
know that's hanging. Yet I will hear you
if you've anything to cay."
I made so sure that I 'should hang In
any case that it , seemed foolish to an
swer, and so I saved my breath. Withal
he was the terror of our southland, this
tyrant colonel gave me time to consider;
and while he waited, grim and silent, tho
candles on the table guttered ;and ran
down and the dim light failed until I
could no longer Bee the face of her I loved
framed in the archway of the stair.
1 thought it hard that I had seen my
last of her sweet face thus through thick
ening shadows, as a dream might fade.
Nevertheless, I would be glad that I had
seen her thus, since otherwise, I thought,
I must have gone without this last or any
other sight of her.
It was while I was still straining my
eyes for one more glimpse of her and
while the courtroom silence deepened
dense upon us like the shadows, that Col
onel Tarleton signed to .those who guard
ed me. A hand was laid upon my shoul
der, but when I would have turned to go
with them a woman's cry cut sharp Into
the stillness. Then, before any one could
cay a word or think a thought, my daunt
less little lady stood beside me', her eyes
alight and all her glorious beauty .height
ened in a -blaze of generous emotion.
"For, shame! .Colonel... Tarletcn,".- she
cried. "Do you come thus into my fath
er's bouse and take a wounded guest and
hang him? "You say he Is a spy, but that
he cannot be, for he has lain abed' in this
same house a month or more. You shall
not hang him!"
At this "there was v a mighty stir about
the table, as you may guess; 'and some,
would smile' and some would snuff the
candles for a better sight of her sweet
While Jennifer's guard and quota were
mounting at the door the aid-de-camp re
turned, and that without the Baronet. I
caught but here and there a word of his
report— enough to Gather that the captain
krdght was not yet In from posting out
the sentries.
I made no doubt his absence was de
signed. He would have Margery believe
that he had spared me honorably as an
enemy wounded, and so had left me to the
tender mercies of his colonel, well assured
that Tarleton . would not spare me.' And
this the colonel did not mean to do, as I
was now to hear in brief.
Though I was full tb bursting with my
news there was nothing I could do; and
¦when it was fairly over and he w.as gone
I was right glad he had not seen me. For
I knew well his Bteel-true loyalty and
that at sight of me in trouble he would
have lost his slender chance of guarded
liberty, and with it my last hope of send
ing word across the mountains; though
as for that the hope was well-nigh dead
at any rate.
"What will you do with him. Captain
Lauswoulter? By the look of. him he'd
make but Indifferent sausage meat."
"Vat shall I do mit him? I shall make
him mine best bows and send him home,
py Gott! Ve did had some liddle troubles
mit der cards, and ven mine foot was
slipped on dis verdammt grease grass, he
did not run me frough so like he might."
"Oh, an affair of honor? Well, we'll
count that in his favor. Take him away,
Trelawny, and quarter yourself and twen
ty men upon him at Jennifer House. You
have your parole, Mr. Jennifer, but, by
the Lord, if you break It by so much as
a wink or a nod Trelawny will hang you
to your own ridge pole."
Given a hearing, Jennifer would have
spoiled it all by swearing hotly he had
given no parole, but at the word the
colonel roared him down like a bull of
Bashan. and In the hubbub my brave lad
was hustled out.
Luckily, he did not single me out among
the bystanders, being fresh come from
the night without to the glare of candle
light within, and while the swart-faced
colonel plied him with questions I had a
chance to lok him up and down. Though
his arm was still in its sling, he was
seemingly the better of his wound. There
was a glow of health and strength return
ing in cheek and eye, and I thought him
handsomer than ever what time he stood
forth boldly and fronted down the bully
ing colonel.
Knowing the Jennifer stock and its fine
scorn of subterfuge, I feared It would go
hard with Richard, and so, indeed, it had
gone, lacking a word in season from an
enemy. When Tarleton would have made
him choose between the taking i of the
King's oath and captivity in the hulks at
Charleston, a burly Hessian captain at
the table spoke the word in season.
"Verdammt! mine colonel; I vill know
dis Mr. Ycnifer. He is a prave young
echalawag-s, and he is not gone out mlt
der rebels. Give him to me for mine
plunders."
The colonel laughed and showed his
teeth. Having one man to hang, he could
afford to be lenient with another.
While I was watching her, and we were
waiting yet upon the aid de camp's re
turn, there was a stir without, and when
it reached the door the sentry challenged.
Some confab followed, and I overheard
enough to tell me that a scouting party
had come in, bringing a prisoner. The
colonel bade me Btand aside, and passed
the word to fetch the prisoner before him.
When the thing wa« done I Bet my teeth
upon a groan. For it was Richard Jen
nifer.
As I have said, this gathering room of
our old house was in size like an ancient
banquet hall. It had a gable to itself In
breadth and height, and at the farther
end there was a flight of some few steps
to reach the older portion of the house
beyond. The upper end of this low stair
pierced the thick wall of the older house,
and in the shadows of the niche thus
formed I saw my lady Margery.
She was standing as one who looks and
listens; and my rage fit blazed out upon
the descrying of a shadowy figure of a
man behind her; a man I guessed in jeal
ous wrath to be the Baronet— a reasonless
suspicion, since the volunteer captain
would certainly have made his presence
known when his colonel had called him.
But while my heart was yet afire my
lady moved aside as if to have a better
sight of us below, and then I saw It was
the priest behind her.
"At your informant's lack of Invention.
He might have brought me straight from
General Washington's haedquarters while
he was about it. 'Twould be no greater
Up than that he told you."
He heard me through, then fell to curs-'
ing me afresh, and would be sending an
aid de camp hotfoot for Falconnet.
While the messenger was going and
coming there was a chance for me to
look around like a poor trapped animal in
a pitfall, loath to die without a struggle,
yet seeing not how any less inglorious end
should offer. The eye ' search went for
little of encouragement; there was no
chance either to light or fly. But apart
from this, the probing of the shadows re
vealed a thing that set me suddenly in a
fever, first of rage, and then of apprehen
sion.
"At what?" he cut in rudely.
As more than once before In this event
ful night, the air went flaming red before
my eyes and helpless wrath came upper
most. I saw no way to clear her. and had
there been the plainest way. dumb rags
¦would still have held me tonguetled. So
I could only mop and mow and stammer
and. when. the words were found, maka
shift to blunder cut that such an accusa
tion did the lady grievous wrong; t8*t
she had come attended and at my be
seeching, to take a message from a dy
ing man to one who' was his
For my pains I had a brutal laugh In
payment; a laugh that, s tax ting with th«
"You've found a way to make me speak,
sir. and I wish you Joy of it. 'Twas I
who bribed your sensry, and I did it to
go to Captain Ireton's room."
The colonel laughed . and shot a sharp
gibe at my enemy. '
"How Is this. Sir Francis? Did I. not
tell you you had thrust an Inch or so too
high? By God. sir, I think you will coma
overlate. if ever you do come at alL This
captain-emeritus hath forestalled you
beautifully." ' :
Now I have said that she was changeful
as any child or April sky, hut never had
I seen her pass from mood to mood a3
she did then. One moment she stood a
woman tremulous and tearful aa any
woman caught In a desperate deed; the
next she became a go<ides3 vilified, and if
her look had been a dagger I think, her
flashing eyes had killed him where ha
stood.
"By God, you He!" was hfs comment on
this. "She might have tampered with tha
guard and so got leave to keep a midoisrht
tryst with you. but not you ' And then
to my poor frightened love: "Have you
no shame. Mistress Margery Stair?"
"That is none of your affair. Colonel
Tarleton," I retorted boldly, thinking
that with such a man the shortest word
were ever the best. "Yet I may say that
the lady knew not what she did. nor whu.
As for my getting speech with her.. £ft
was not any to blamo. I tampered wita
your sentry."
" Twas a dastard's trick, my captain—
this tangling of a lady in your treason."
he begsn. "How did you get your speech
with her?"
The colonel stood apart, the center of a
group of officers, and Falconnet was with
him. Hovering on the edges of the group,
as if afraid to show themselves too bold
ly In such a coil.' were Gilbert Stair and
that smooth parchment- visa ged knave,
his factor. The while they thrust m»
forth to take my place at Margery's side
the good old priest come and would have
Joined us; but they would not suffer him.
So we two stood alono togethsr as
we had stood before; but now my
lady's eyes were downcast, and her
lips and cheeks .were pale. Yet
she was more . beautiful than Z
had ever seen her— so beautiful
that I would swear the sum of all th«
precious gifts in God's great universe
might be expressed for me in this; that I
might die to save her from this shame
and agony.
When my guards had thrust m«. for
ward the colonel made short work of our
fresh offense. T<J ¦
They bound me well and strongly with
many wrappings of stout cord before they
led me down. Nor must you . think me
broken-spirited because I let them. In
any other cause but this I hope' I should
have fought to die unmanacled; but now
I suffered gladly this little, seeing Z tuA.
made my dear lady suiter so greatly. -^
When we were coma Into the room be
low they let me stand beside her. as I
had prayed God they tnight, and when I
stole a glance at her I was fain to think
my coming gave her courage and support.
For you must know the place was fair
alive with men and ¦ flaring light with
torches, and they had never offered her a
chair. '. .
Yours is a skeptic age, my < dears, and
you have learned . to scoff at 'things you
do not understand. But so long as I shall
live I must believe > that, agonizing plea
was answered. Whila yet the anguish of
it wrung my soul ; there came a hasty
trampling in the corridor, the. gentry's
challenge and then; a quick unbarring of
the door. I turned .upon my heel to face
a young ensign come with two men at
his back to take me to tho colonel.
Anon the windows of the great fore
room flung bands of yellow torchlight out
upon the lawn, and I knew that Tarle
ton's court was set again. At that the
pains of hell got hold upon me and I did
pray as I had never prayed before that
God would grant me this one boon— to
stand beside her in this time of trial; to
give me tongue of eloquence to tell them
all that she was innocent; to' give me
breath to swear she knew, not why she
went, or what the message* was. she car
ried. ¦ jtt V-i/)
You may believe, my heart went
cold at the sight. .' I knew at one*
what she had ', dona — thla f earless
maid who would be loyal to her friend at
any cost. Having no messenger she could
trust— she knew it well when she had
promised me — she had taken the errand
upon herself, bravins a hazard that would
have daunted many a. man.
I thought the worst had surely now be
fallen, and wished a hundred times that
I had died before it came to this. But
there was worse in store. ] Her captors
passed the word while yet I looked and,
choked with rage and : grief, and then -^">4|
bivouac buzzed alive and men came run
ning, some with arms and some with
torches, these last to flash the light upon
her and to jeer and laugh. At length— it
seemed an age to me— an officer appeared
to flog the rabble into order; then she
was taken from her horse and led into
the house. »
Chewing such wormwood thoughts as
these. I watched and listened 'while' the
measured minutes, circling: slow on lead
en wings, pecked at my heart In passing,
and despair, cold Ilk* a winter fog, had
chilled me to the bone. For now It canvj^
to me that while I would bo saving lifCf
mayhap I had been periling it again.
There was small doubt that 12 th« mes
senger wore taken with my latter, his
life would pay the forfeit. And it tha j
fear of death should make fr^ tall who
sent him and to whom he was sent— X
had been careful so ' to word th» letter
as to shield my correspondent— both Mar
gery and Dick would be Involved.
'Tis worthy of remark • how, building
on the simplest supposition, we seldom
prophesy aright. For all my fine-spun
theories the manner, of the thing that
happened was all unlike the forecast.
Suddenly, and in silence, out of the gho«t
ly shadows of the trees and into the wan
moonlight of the open space- beneath my
window, with neither shout nor crash of
sentry gun to give 'warning, cam*
threo figures riding abreast— «. man la
trooper trappings on either band and on
the led horso sandwiched In between, ¦>
woman.
¦was made up of veterans, schooled well
in border warfare, and though the biv
ouac seemed but a camp of motionless
figures fast manacled in sleep— I could
see them strewn like dead men round th»
smoldering fires— I made no doubt the
sentries were alert and wakeful. How,
then, was auy messenger of Margery's to
pass the lines, or, passing them, to com*
at Jennifer, who by this time would b« at
Jennifer House, a prisoner in all but
name?
And but for this, that I heard the door
latch click behind her, and then the
heavy wooden bar fall into, place, I might
have thought the happenings of the hour
the unsubstantial fancies of a dream.
The low impassioned chant of the Ro
man litany was ringing in my ears as I
sat down to the table to write my mes
sage to Richard Jennifer. There were
quills and . an ink-pot at hand, but no
paper. I felt mechanically In my pocket
and found, not some old letter, as I hoped,
but the crumpled parchment map
snatched and hidden when Captain Stuart
had winced and dropped it at the bidding
of the whistling sword about his. ears.
How it was they had not searched me
for it, I know not; though haply the cap
tain did not guess how he had lost it. Be
that as it might, I had It safe, and Dick
should have it safe, and use it, too, to
some good purpose, as I fondly hoped.
You'd hardly ' think from the slow and
clumsy spinning 'of this tale that I could
crowd the narrative of all that I had seen
and heard into a niggard three-score
words or less. But this I did, writing
them upon the margin of the captain's
map, and noting in an added line the
pricking out of the powder convoy's
route. And while my pen was looping on
the flourish to my name, my eager little
lady seized the pounce-box, handed me
the heavy tralllngs of the quill, snatched
and hid the parchment in her bosom and
was cone.
"He is a prisoner, and if he were not
they would not let him see me. Besides, I
would not let you go on such an errand.
And yet— God help me, Margery! there Is
many an innocent life hanging on this;
the lives of helpless women and children.
Have you ever a messenger to send, a
man who will risk his life and can be
trusted fully?"
"Yes. yes!" she cried. "Write it down
for me and Dick shall have it. Quick;
for Our Lady's sake, be quick about itl
O Sancta Maria, mater Dei—"
"You could have done much less, dear
lady," I said, taking her hands In mine;
"much less, and still be blameless. You
have done too much for me already. I
would you had not done so much, I would
to God I had been hanged before you went
upon your knees to that—"
She freed one hand and laid a finger on
my lip— nay, It was her palm, and If I
took a dyin«r man's fair leave and kissed
It softly, I think she knew it not.
"Huahl" she commanded. "Is this a
time to harbor bitter thoughts T I thought
you might have other things to say to me»
Monsieur John."
"There is no other thing that I may
¦ay."
j "Not anything at alI7"
"Naught but a parting hope for you. I
hope you will be true and loyal to your
self, Margery mia." .
"To myself? I do not understand.
"I think you do— I think; you must.
"But I do not."
I turned it over more than once in my
mind if I should tell her all I had feared;
should tell her how I came to kill a man
and was fair set to kill another. had I
found a wedding afoot in the great fore
room. I could not bring myself to do it,
and yet I thought it would go hard with
me If I should leave her still unwarned.
"If I should try to make you under
stand you will be angry, as you were be-
The wicker chair was dose beside the
table and she sat down. And when she
¦poke she had her hands tight-clasped
across her knee and would not look at me.
"In n— about— Sir Francis?"
"It is," said I, pausing once more upon
the brink of full confession.
She waited patiently for me to speak
further; waited and let me fight it out m
Blow -pacings up and down before her
chair. .
I think my lady must have known how
hard It was for me to speak, for, when
the silence had grown overlong. she said
genuy: "I bought these Hying minutes of
the sentry. Monsieur John. Will you not
use them?" " _ .... .
"If I should say the thing I ought to
say, you'll think the minutes dearly
bought, I fear."
"No, that I shall not, if it will ease you
mind."
"Then tell me why you sent for Father
Matthleu."
The light was dim, as I have said, yet
I could see the faint flush spread from
neck to cheek.
"You are not of the church, Monsieur
John. You would not understand if I
should tell you."
"I think I understand without your tell
.ing. You. said Sir Francis Falconnet had
asked for you." : >
" 'Twas you who drove me to say it.
' "Because I tried. to warn you?"
'"Because you would be vengeful when
you should have been forgiving."
"'Twas not revenge, just- then, though
while I live I shall, have ample cause to
hate this man." .
"What was it, then?"
"It was love; love for you, and— and
Richard Jennifer."
She rose, and I could see her eyes ashlne
for all the half-gloom of the candle
light.
"You are a loyal friend!" she said, and
there was that within the words to make
me glad, whatever fate the dawn should
have in store for me. "You always think
of others first; you think of others- now,
when— when death— Oh. Monsieur John!
what can I do for you? Say quick! The
man is coming to the door!"
"Now I have told you this, there Is but
one other thing, Margery dear; one little
thing that will not let me die in peace.
If I might have ten words with Richard
Jennifer "
She left me in a fever flutter of excite
ment, whipped to the door, and had a
word with him who stood without. I
heard the chink of coin, and then she
hastened back to me, all eagerness and
tremulous Impatience.
"Tell me — tell me instantly what I must
do. I am not afraid. Shall I ride down
to Jennifer House and fetch Dick here?"
time*— as , now— so soft and gentle. And
though I thought It cruel that I should
have to fight my battle for th© loslns of
her over again, I had not the heart to
chide her.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
THE MASTER OF APPLEBY
2THE SUNDAY CALL. I
colonel, went the rounds In Jeering grins
cf Incredulity. And on the heels of It the
colonel rwore afresh, cursing me for a
clumsy liar.
"A likely etory. that!" he scoSed. "Next
you will say she knew not what this mes-
Baze was."
"I said it once. Eh* knew not what the
message was. nor why I sent It/*
I felt her eyes upon me as I spoke and
turned to find them full of tearful plead
ing. "Oh. tell tl»e truth !" she whispered.
"Don't you see? He has the letter!"
I looked, and sure enough he held it In
his hand; and then I understood the flash
of irony In the sloe-black eyes of him.
"Tou lie clumsily. Captain Ireton,
though it Is a gentlemanly lie and does
you honor. But we have trapped you
fairly, and you may as well make a clean
breast of it. Your mistress knew very
well what you would have her do, and
¦inee she is your mistress, went to do lt_"
¦While he was speaking I had a thought
white hot from some forge fire of Inspira
tion — a thought to tip an arrow of convic
tion and set it quivering in the mark. I
would not stop to measure It; to look
aside at her or any other lest one brief
g!asc« apart should send the arrow wa
vering from Its course. So I looked the
colonel boldly In the eye and drew the bow
and sp«d tha shaft.
"You think no other than a mistress
¦would have done this. Colonel Tarleton—
that it was done for love? Well, so It
was; but . with th« love there went a
duty.**
"A duty. «ay you? How la that?"
I bowed as best I might, being so
tightly bound; then fixed his eye again.
"Tou had forgot that honor is not
wholly dead. sir. This la£y la my wife."
CHAPTER XL
HOW A T-TT* WAS MAX)E THE VERT
TRUTH.
For souks small instant I dared not loo»e
my eye-grip on the colonel, to glance aside
at Falconnet. or Gilbert S-tair. or at th«
woman close beside me. If I tad flinched
cr wavered, or let an eyelid droop but by
the thickness of a hair, this keen-eyed
colonel would have be«n upon me to cut
the ground beneath my feet and leave me
dangling by the lie-
But u 1: was I fac«d Mm down; and.
winning him. won alL There was a mut
tered oath from Falconnet, a tremulous
cry of rage from where h-r father stood:
and then I sought my lady's eyes to read
my sentence In them.
She gave me but a glance, and^hough
I tried as I had never tried beforeTo read
her meaning it was hid from me. But
this I marked: that she did draw aside
from me, and that her face was cold and
etill. and that her lips were pressed to
gether as If not all nor any should ever
make her speak again.
At this sharp crisis, when a look
or word would cost me more than death
and rny dear lady her honor, it was
the colonel who, all unwittingly.
stood ray friend. A breath of doubt upon
mv V« and we were lost: and once I
thocsjbt he would have breathed it. But
be did not. Instead, he broke out In a
laugh, with a gibe floss first at Gilbert
Stair and then at Falconnet.
•God save us! I pive you Joy. Mr.
Stair, ar.d you. Sir Francis. These two
have duped you bravely. By heavens!
Sir Frank; 'twas you who should have
had the sword thrust in the duel. In that
event you might have stoad ia Captain
Iretcns shoes, and so had the priest
fetched for your beneflt." Then he turn
ed to Margery- wiih a bow that had no
touch of mockery In It. "I crave your
psrdcn, madame; I knew not you were
pleading for your husband's life an hour
ago. It grieves me that I may not spare
btxa to you longer than the night, but
v ar is cruel at its best-"
She stood like any statue done In cold
Carrara while he spoke; and when she
n:ade no sign he gave the word to re
..'rrrr.it me.
"Take him away. Lieutenant Tybee, and
fee he has a bribe-proof man this time to
keep him company. Madame Ireton, I'll
put vou en your honor: you may have
access to him* but there must be no mes-
Fages carried out. To your quarters, gen
tlemen. We must ride far and hard to
rn Trow."
When his final word had set her free
my frozen maiden came to life and ran
to throw herself In helpless sobbings, not
upen her father, as you would think, but
upon the good priest. And It was Father
Matthieu who led her, stlil crying softly.
out of the throng and up th© low stair;
ar.d now I marked that oil the rough sol
diery stood aside and made way for her
with never a man among them to scoff
cr sneer or poir.t a gibe.
At her going Tybee drew his sword and
cut the cord that bound me.
"Theee youngling cubs are overcautious.
Captain Ireton. We shall not make It
harder for each other than we must." he
said with bluff good nature. And then:
"Will you lead the way to your room.
Birr* this to give the youngling cub an
cther lesson. I suppose.
I walked beside him to the stair and
when. I etumbled, being weak and spent.
he took my arm and steadied me and did
I t»*'"fc It kindly done. At my own door
he gave me precedence again, saying,
with a touch cf the grateful Old World
courtesy. "After you, eir," and standing
aside to let me enter first. When we
were both within ha touched upon the
colonel's mandate.
"I must obey orders. Captain Ireton.
but by your good leave I shall not lock
you up with any trooper; I'll stay with
yciu myself."
I thought this still niore kindly than
aught he had dona before, and so I told
bim. But be put It off lightly.
" *Tls little enough an> one can do for
you. my friend,, but I will do that little as
I can. You are like to have a visitor. I
take It; If you have, I'm sure 'twill be a
comfort If your bodyguard can be stone
blind and deaf."
So Baying, he dragged the big wicker
chair Into tha bay window, planted him
self deep within It with his back to all
tha room, and so left me to my own de
vices.
Being spent enough to sleep beneath
tha shadow of a gibbet. I threw myself
full length upon the bed and was, I think,
adrift uaon the ebb tide of exhaustion
and fcrsetfulness when once asaln the
shifting of the wooden door bar roused
nie. I rose up quickly, but Tybee was
before roe. There was some low voiced
conference at the door; then Tybee came
to me,
- Tls Mr. Gilbert Stair," he said. "He
has permission from the colonel and In
sists that be must see you solus. I'll
take your word and leave you, .If you
like."
At first I bung reluctant, wanting little
of the host who came so late *o sea his
truest. Then, as If a sudden flash of
lightning hart irvea'ed it. I realized, as
I had not before, how I had set the feet
cf my dear lady In a most hideous laby
rinth of deception: how this lie that I
had told to bridge a momentary gap must
leave her neither maid nor widow in the
morning.
**Ye», tcm: tor God's sake, let him In,
Mr. Tyb*€." I burst out. "I am fair
rraxed with w*artnes*. and had forgot.
*TU soft Important, I do assure you."
\ .- - thing was done at once, and be-
fore T knew it I was alone with the old '
man who, though he was my supplanter.
was also Margery's father. He entered
cautiously, shielding his bedroom candle
with his hand and peering over it to
make me. out, as If venturing in were
not unperilous. And I marked that when
he rut the candle down upon the table
he edped away and felt behind him for
the >lonr as if to make sure of his re
treat in case of need.
"Sit down. Captain Ireton: sit down, I
beg of you," he said in his thin, rasping
treble. And when I had obeyed: "I think
you must know what I've come for, Cap
tain Ireton?"
I raid I could guess; and he began again,
volubly now. as if to have it over In the
shortest space.
" 'Twas not n gentlemanly thing for you
to do. Captain Ireton— this marrying of
a foolish girl out of hand while you wcr*
here, a cuest: and as for the priest that
did it I— I'll have him hanged before the
army leaves, I promise you. But now 'tis
done I hope ye're prepared to make the
best 'of It?"
I saw at once that his daughter had
rot yet confided m him; that he was still
enta.npled In my He. So I thought it well
to probe him deeper while I might.
"What would you call *th« best,* If I
may ask?" said I, growing the cooler with
some better seeing of the way ahead.
"The marriage settlements!" he cried
shrilly, coming to the point at once, as
once, as any miser would. "It's the
merest matter of form, as ye may say.
for your title to Appleby Hundred is
well burnt out. I promise you. But for
the decent look of it you might make
over your quitclaim to your wife."
"Aye, truly; so I might."
"And so you should, sir; that you
should. j*<* miserable, spying runag" — he
choked and coughed behind his hand and
then began again without the epithets.
" 'Tls the very least ye can do for her
now. when you have the rope fair around
your cur's — ahem — your — your rebel
neck. Only for the form's sake, to be
sure, ye understand, for she'd Inherit
after you In any case."
I saw his drift at last, and, not caring
to epare him. sped the shaft of truth
and let It find the Joint in his harness.
"'Tls.as you say, Mr. Stair. But as It
chances. Mistress Margery is not my
wife,"
it I had flung the candle at him where
he stood fumbling behind him for the
door-latch, 'twould not have made him
shrink or dodge the more.
"Wha — what's that ye say?" he piped
In shrillest cadence. "Not married?
Then you — you — "
"I lied to save her honor — that was
all' A wife might do the thing she did
and go scot free of any scandal; but not
a maid, as you could' see and hear."
For some brief time It smote him
speechless, and in the depth of his
foolish fear of me he fell to pacing up
and down, though always with the table
cannlly between us. And as he shuffled
back and forth the thin lips muttered
foolish nothings, with here and there a
tremulous oath. When all was done he
dropped into a chair and stared across
at me with leaden eyes: and truly he
had the look of one struck with a mortal
sickness.
*"I think — I think you owe me some
thing now beyond your keeping. Captain
Ireton." he quavered, at length, mumbling
the words as do the palsied. • ¦
'"Since you are Margery's father, I ova -
you anything a dying man can pay,"
said I. .""" — :"'
"Words; empty words," he fumed. "If
it were a thing to do. now—"
"You need but name the thing and I
will do It willingly."
Instead of naming It he shot a ques
tion at me. driving it home with certain
random thrustings of the shifty eyes.
"Who Is your next of kin. Captain Ire
ton r*
"Septimus, of the same name, master
of Ireton. on the James River, and a
major In the Virginia line." I answered,
wondering how my cousin once removed
should figure in the present coiL But
Gilbert Stair's next question dispelled
the mystery.
"If you should die Intestate, this Sep
timus would be your heir?"
"As next of kin. I should suppose he
would. But I have nothing to devise."
"Tr*»e: and yet" — he paused again as
if the wording of It were not easy. -
"Be free to speak your mind, Mr.
Stair." said I.
" 'Tls this," he cried, gathering him-
Belf as with an effort. "You've claimed
my daughter as your wife before them
all, and when you die to-morrow morn
ing vou'll leave her her neither wife nor
maid. I think— I think you'd best make*
that lie of yours the truth."
If one of his thin hands that clutched
the chair arms had pressed a secret
and closed a traD to send me gaspi'ig
dowu an oubliette I should have been the
less astounded. Indeed, for some short
epace I thoiicht him mad; yet, on sec
ond thought, 1 saw the method in his
madness. Could Margery be brought to
view It calmly this was a sword to cut
the knot of all entanglements.
As matters stood the .world would call
her widow at my death: and since a
woman i« first of all the keeper of her
own rood name she would . never dare
aver the truth. So In common Justice
she should own the name the world would
call her bv. Again, as matters stood, no
wrong could come of It to her, or Rich
ard Jennifer, or any. Dick would love
her r.cna the less because a dying man '
had given her hi* name for some few
hours. And If. at any future time, the
Ireton title should revive and this poor
double dealing miser should be forced to
quit his hold on Appleby Hundred my
father's acres would be hers In her own
right. One breach in all this sudden
builded wati I saw. but could not mend
It. With the Ireton acres hers by double
rifrht. the Baronet would press bis suit
with greater vigor than before. But as
to thi* no further act of mine could help
or ¦hirder: and If I died her husband she
would In decency delay a while.
So« surr.mlnjc up in far less time than
tt cost to write It out for you I gave my
host hi? answer.
*'I told you you might name the deed
and I would do it. Mr. Stair.. If you
car. mak« vour daughter understand"—
"The Jac> will do as she is bid," he cut
In wrathfu!!y. "If she will drag my good
name In the mire, I'm damned If she
sha'n't pay the scot. And now about the
settlements. Captain Ireton: you'll be
making her legatee residuary?"
At this I saw his drift ajraln, most
clearly; that he would never stickle for
his daughter's honor, but for the qulet
icg of hl« title to my father's lands— a
title that my cousin Septimus might dis
pute. It was enough to met me obstinate
against him: but I constrained mvse'.f to
think of Margery and Richard Jennifer,
and not at all of this poor petty miser.
Til sirn a quitclaim In her favor. If
that Is what yen mean." I paid. "But
'tis a mere pen scratch for the lawyers
to haggle ovr. As you *a'd a while ago,
the wife will b* the husband's heir at
law In any event."
"Trre: bet we'd b~st be at It in due
and proper form." He rose and hobbled'
to the door and was so set upon haste
that h!s ' shaking hand played a j rattling
tattoo on the latch. "I— I'll go and have
the papers drawn, and you will sign them.
Captain Ireton: I have your passed word
that, you will sign them."
. "Aye; they shall be signed. "-
He went away at that, and Tybee en
tered. Much to my comfort, the lieuten
ant asked no questions: so far from It,
he crossed the room wlwiout a word,
flung himself -into the great 1 chair and
left me to ray own communings.
These were not altogether of assurance.
Though I had promised readily .enough
to make my lie a truth, I saw that all
was yet contingent upon my lady's view-
Ing of the proposal. That I could win
her over I had some hope. If- only they
would leave the taik for. me. But there
was room to fear that this poor miser
father would make It all a thing of prop
erty and so provoke her to resistance.
3V.nd. notwithstanding what he said— that
she wou'd do as she was bid— I thought
I knew her temper well enough to proph
esy a hitch. For I made sure of on3 thing.
that If she put her will against the world
the world would never move her.
•Twas past midjiight. with Tybee dozing
in his chair, when next I heard some stir
rings In the corridor. /As before. It was
the lifting of the wooden bar that roused
my friendly guard, and when he went to
parley at the door I stood apart and
turned my back.
When I looked again my company was
come. A{ the table, busied with a parch
ment that might have been a ducal title
deed for felze. stood Gilbert Stair and
the factor lawyer. Owen Pengarvln. A
little back of them, the good old Father
Matthleu had Margery on his arm. And
In the corner Tybee stood to keep the
door.
I grouped them all In one swift eye
sweep, and, having listed them, strove
to read some lessoning of my part In my
dear lady's face. ' She gave me nothing
of encouragement, nor yet a cue of any
kind tr» lead to what it was that she
would have me say or do. ,As I had seen
It last, under the light of the flaring
torches in the room below, her face was
cold and still; and she was standing mo
tionless beside the priest, looking straight
at me. it seemed, with eyes that saw
nothing. - ' , ,
It was the factor .lawyer who broke the
¦Hence, saying, with . his predetermined
smirk, that the parchment was ready for
my signature. Thlnklns: It well beneath
me to measure words with* this knavish
pettifogger. I looked beyond him and
spoke to his master.
"I would have a word or two In pri
vate with your daughter before this mat
ter ripens further, Mr. Stair," I said.
My lady dropped the priest's arm and
came to stand beside me In the window
bay. I offered her a chair, but she re
fused to sit. There was so little time to
spare that I must needs begin without
preliminary.
"What has your father told you, Mar
gery?" I asked. .
"He tells me nothing that I care to
know."
- "But he has told you what you must
dor*
"Tes." She looked wlth^eyes that saw
me not.
"And you are here to do It of your own
freewill?"
"No." ... _
"Tet it must be done.**
"So he says, and so you say. But I
had rather die." ,'.¦, . .'
"*Tls not a pleasing thing. I grant you,
Margery; notwithstanding, ¦ of our^ two
evils It is by far the less. Bethink you a'
moment: 'tis but the saying of a few
word's by the priest, and the bearing of
my name for some short while till you
can change it for a better."
Her deep- welled eyes met mine, and In
them was a flash of anger. , •
"Is that what marriage means to you.
Captain Ireton?"
"No, truly. . But we have no choice.
•Tls this, or I must leave you In the
morning to worse things than the bear-
Ing of my name. I would It had not
thus been thrust upon us, but I could see
no other way.". _ -
"See what comes of tampering with
the truth." she said, and I could see her
short lip curl with scorn. "Why should
you lie and lie again, when any one could
see ' that it must come to this — or
worse?"
"I saw it not," I said. "But had I
stopped to • look beyond the momerrt'/i
need and seen the end from the begin
ning, I fear I should have lied yet other
times. Tour honor was at stake, dear
lady."
"My honor!**— this in bitterest Irony.
"What Is a woman's honor, sir, when you
or any man has patched and sewed and
sought to make It whole again? I will
not say the word you'd have me say!"
"But you must say it. Margery. 'Tls
but the merest form; you forget that
you will be a wife only in name. I shall
not live to make you rue It."
"You make me rue It now, beforehand.
Mon Dleu! Is a woman but a thing, to
stand before the priest and plight her
troth for 'merest form'? You'll make me
hate you while I live — and after!"
"You'd hate me worse, Margery dear.
If I should leave you drowning In this
ditch. And I can bear your hatred for
some few hours, knowing that if I sin
ned and robbed you. I did make restitu
tion as I could."
She heard me through with eyelids
down and some fierce storm of passion
shaking • her. And when she answered
her voice was low and soft; yet It cut
me like a knife.
"You drive me to It — Usten. sir. you
drive me to ltl And I have said that I
shall hate you for it. Come; 'tis but a
mockery, as you say; and they are wait
ing."
I sought to take her hand and lead
her forth, but this she would not suffer.
She walked beside me, proud and cold
and scornful; stood beside me while I
¦at j and read the parchment over. It
was no marriage settlement; It was" a
will, drawn out in legal form. And In
it I bequeathed to Margery Ireton as her
truo Jointure, not any claim of mine to
Appleby Hundred, but the estate it
self.
I read It through as I have said, and,
looking across to these two plotters, the
miser-master and his, henchman, smiled
as I had never thought to smile again. .
"So." said I, "the truth is out at last.
I wondered if the confiscation act had
left you wholly scatheless, Mr. Stair.
Well. I am content. I shall die the
easier for knowing that I have lain a
guest in my own house. Give me the
pen."
'Twas given quickly, and I signed the
will, with Tyb«e and the. lawyer for the
witnesses; Margery standing by the
while and looking on: though not. I made
sure, with any realizing of the business
matter.
When all was done the priest found
his book, and we stood before him; the
woman who had sworn to hate, and the
man who. loving, her to full forgetful-
ness of death Itself, must yet be cold
and formal. -masking 'his love for her
dear sake, and for the sake of loyalty to
his friend. And here again 'twas Tybee
and the lawyer who were the witnesses;
the one well hated, and the other loved
lf N but for this; that when the time came
for the giving of the ring, he drew a
gold band from his little finger and made
me take and use it. —
And so that deed was done In some
such sorry fashion as the time and place
constrained: and had you stood within,
the four walla of that upper room you
would have thoaght the chill of death
had touched us. and that the low-voiced
priest was shriving us the while we
knelt to take the benediction. All
through this farce — which was. In truth
the grimmest of all tragedies — my lady
played her part as one who walks In
sleep; and at the end she let her father
lead her out with not a word or look or
sign to me.
Tou'd guess that I would take it hard
— her leaving me thus, as I made sure,
for all eternity: and I did take It hard.
For when the strain was off. and there
was no one by to see or hear save my
good-hearted death-watch, I must needs
go down upon my knees beside the bed
In childish weakness and sob and choke
and, let the hot tears come as I had not
since at this same bedside I had knelt a
little lad to take my mother's dying love.
CHATER XIL
HOW THE NEWS CAME TO UNWEL
COME EARS.
Though all the western quarter of the
sky was night-black and spangled yet
with stars, the dawn was graying slow
ly In the east when Tybee roused me.
"They have not come for you as yet."
he said, "so I took time by the forelock
and passed the word for breakfast. It
heartens a man to eat a bite and drink
a cup of wine Just on the battle's edge.
Will you sit and let me serve you. Cap
tain Ireton?"
"That I will not." said I.- adding that
I would blithely share the breakfast
with him. Whereat he laughed and dipt
my hand and swore I was a true soldier
and a brave gentleman^ to boot.
So we sat and hobnobbed at the table,
and Tybee lighted all the remnant candle
ends and broached the wine and pledged
me In a bumper before we fell to upon
the cold haunch of venison.
My summons came when we had
shared the heel-tap of the bottle. It
was my toast to this kind-hearted young
ster, and we drained It. standing what
time the stair gave back the tread of.
marching men. Tybee crashed his glass
upon the floor and wrung my hand across
the table. *
"Good-by, my captain; they have come.
God damn me. sir. I'll swear they might
do worse than let you go. for all your
spying. Tou've carried off this matter
with the lady as a gentleman should, and
whilst I live she shall not lack a friend.
If you have any word to leave for
her—"
I shook my head. "No." said I: then
on second thought: "And yet there Is a
word. You saw how I must see the
matter through to shield the lady?"
"Surely; 'twas plain enough for any
one to see."
"Then I shall die the easier If you
will undertake to make It plain to Rich
ard Jennifer. He must be made to know
that I supplanted him only In a formal
way. and that to save the lady's -honor."
The lieutenant promised heartily, and
as he spoke the oaken bar was lifted and
my reprieve was at an end.
Having the thing to dispatch before
they broke their fast, my soldier hang- #
men marched me off without ado. The*
house and all within It seemed yet
asleep, but out of doors the legion van
guard was astir, and newly kindled
rampflres smoked and blazed among the
trees. In shortest space we left these
signs of life behind, and I began to
think toward the end.
'Tls curtous how sweet this troubled
life of ours becomes when that day
wakes wherein It must be shuffled off! As
a soldier must, I thought I had held life
lightly enough; nay.tlils I know, I had
often worn It upon my sleeve In battle.
Rut now. when I was marching forth to
this cold-blooded end wltnout the battle
chance to make It ' welcome, all nature
cried aloud to me.
a mile beyond the outfields of Appleby
Hundred we passed the legion picket line,
and I besran to wonder why we went ao^
far; wondered and made bold to ask the'
ensign In command, turning It Into grim
Jest and pavinc I mlsllkeu to come too
weary . to my end.
The ensign, a curst young popinjay, as
little officer cubs are like to be, answered
flippantly that the colonel had commuted
my sentence; that I was to be shot like
a eold ; er, and that far enough afield so
the volleying would not wake the house.
So we fared on, and a hundred yards
beyond this point' of question and reply
came out Into an ooen jrrove of oaks;
then I knew where they had brought me
—and why. 'Twas the glade where I had
fought my losing battle with the Baronet.
On It* farther confines two horses nib
bled rein's length at the grass, with Fal
connet's trooper serving man to. hold
them: and, standing on the very spot
where he had thrust me out, my enemy
was waiting.
'Twas all prearranged: ' for when tha
ens'gn had saluted he marched his men
a little way apart and drew them up In
line with muskets ported. But at a slfrn
from Falronnet two of the men broke
ranks and came to strap me helpless with
their belts. I smiled at. that, and would
not miss the chance to Jeer. ..
"Totr are a sorry coward. Captain Fal
connet. as bullies ever are," I said.
''Would "hot your sword suffice against a
man with empty hands?"
He passed the taunt In silence and,
when the men had left me, said: "I have
come to speed your partlng^Captaln Ire
ton. Tou are a thick heided. witless fool.
as you have always been: yet since you've
blundered into cervine me I would not
grudge the t'me to come and thank you."
"I serve you?" I cried. "God knows
I'd serve you up In collops at the table
of your master, the devil, could I but
stand before you with a carving tool!"
He lauffhed softly. "Alwaya . vengeful
and vindictive, and always because you
must ever mess and meddle with other
men's concerns," he retorted. "And yet
I say you've served me."
"Tell me how. In God's name, that I
may not die with that sin unrepented
of." .,
"Oh. In many small ways, but chiefly
in this affair with the little lady of Ap
pleby."
"Never!" I denied. "So far as decent
speech could compass It. I have ever
sought to tell her what a conscienceless
villain you are."
He laughed again. at that.'
"Tou' know women but Indifferently,
my captain. If you think to breach n love"
affair by a cannonade of hard words. But
I am in no humor to dispute with you.
Tou have lost, and' I have won; and.
were I not here to coma between, you'd
look your last upon the things of earth
In shortest order. I do assure you."
"You? — you come between?" I scoffed.
"Tou are all kinds of a knave. Sir Fran
cis, but your worst enemy never accused
you of being a fool!**
There was a look In hia eyes that I
could never fathom.
"You are bitter bard. John Ireton — bit
ter and savage and unforgiving. Tou
knew the, wild blade of a half-score
years ago, and now you'd make the
«rrown man pay scot and lot for that
same youngster's misdeeds. Have you
never a touch of human kindliness in
you?" £
To . know how .this affected me you
must 'turn back to that place where I
have tried to picture out this man for
you. I said he had a gift to turn a wo
man's head or touch her heart. I should
have said that he could use this gift at
will on any one. For the moment I for
pot his cool disposal of me in the talk
with Captain Stuart; forgot how he had
lied to make me out a spy and so had
brought me to this pass. ? '->>
So I could only say: "Tou killed my
friend. Frank Falconnet. and — ** -
"Tush!" said he. "That quarrel died
nine years ago. Your reviving of it now
Is but a mask."
"For what?" I asked.
"For your Just resentment In sweet
Margery's behalf. Believe it or not. as
you like, but I could love you for that
blow you gave me, John Ireton. I had
been losing cursedly at cards that day.
and mine host's wine had a dash of
usequebaugh in it. I dare swear. At any
rate. I knew not what It was I said till
Tybee said It over for me."
"But the next morning you took a
cur's advantage of me on this very spot
and ran me through." I countered.
¦ "Name It what you will and let It go
at that. There was murder In your eye.
and you are the better swordsman. Tou
put me upon It for,liy life, and when
you gave me leave, I did not kill you, as
I might."
"No; you reserved me for this."
He took a step nearer and seemed
strangely agitated.
•"Vou forced my hand. John Ire
ton," he said, speaking low that
the others might not ; hear. "Tou
had her ear from day to day and used
your privilege against me. As an enemy
who merely sought my life for ven
geance's sake I could spare you; but as
a rival — "
I laughed, and sanity began to come
again. "Make an end of it," I said. "I'd
rather hear the muskets speak than
you".
For reply he took a folded paper from
his pocket and spread and held it so
that I might read. It was a letter from
my Lord Cornwallls. directing Captain
Falconnet to send his prisoner. Captain
John -Ireton, sometime lieutenant in the
Royal Scot Blues, under guard to his
Lordship's headquarters in South Caro
lina.
"Can you read It?" he asked.
I nodded.
"Well, this supersedes the colonel's
sentence. If I say the word to Ensign
Farquharson you will be remanded."
"To be shot or hanged a little later, I
suppose?"
"No. Have you any notion why my
Lord Charles is sending for you?"
"No," said I. In my turn; and. Indeed.
I had not.
' "He knows your record as an officer
and would give you a chance to 'list In
your old service."
"I would not take It — at your hands
or his."
"J'ou'd best take it. But in any event,
you'll have your life ana Honorable safe
conduct beyond the lines."
"Make an end," I said. "I understand
you will obey his Lordship's order or
disregard it. as your own interest directs.
What would you have me do?"
"A very little thing to weigh against a
life. Mr. Gilbert Stair Is my very good
friend."
I let that go uncontradicted.
"His title to the estate Is secure
enough, as you know, but you can make
it better." he went on.
This saying of his told me , what I
had only guessed; that as yet he had not
b*en admitted Into Gilbert Stair's full
confidence; also, that he had no hint of
what had taken place In my chamber
some hour or two past midnight. At that
a joy fierce like pain came to thrill me. -
"Go on," said L
Tonr route to Camden lias through
Charlotte. Tour guard will give you
time and opportunity to execute a Quit
claim in Mr. Stair's favor."
"Is that aUr I asked.
"No; after that our ways must lie
apart— or yours and Margery's, at all
events. Give me your word of honor
that you will rellngulsh any claim you
have, or think you have, upon her. and
I pass this letter on to the ensign."
"And if I refuse T*
He came so near that I could sea the
lurking devil In his eyes.
"If you refuse?" Harken. John Ire
ton; if you had a hundred lives
to thrust between me and the thing
I crave. I'd take them all." So
much he aald calmly; then a sud
den gust of passion seized him.
and for once, I think, he spoke the sim
ple truth. "God: I'd sink my soul In
Calvin's hell to have her!"
I could not wholly mask the smile or
triumph that his words evoked. This
fox of maiden vineyards was entrapped
at last. I saw the tire of such a passion
as such a man may know burning In his
eyes; and then I knew why ho was coma
upon his errand.
"So?" said I. "Then Mistress Margery
sent you here to save me?" 'Twaa but
a guess, but I made sure it hit the truth.
He swore a sneering oath. "So the
priest carried tales, did he? Well, maka
the most of it; she would not have Her
father's guest taken from his bed a" rt
hanged like a dog."
I smiled again. " 'Twas more than
that; she would even go so far as to beg
her hushand's life a boon from that same
husband's mortal enemy."
"Bah!" he scoffed. "That He of yours
imposed upon the colonel, but I had bet
ter information."
"A lie. you say? True, 'twas a He when
It was uttered. But afterward, some hour
or so past midnight, by the good help of
Father Matthleu. and with your Lieu
tenant Tybee for one witness and the
lawyer for another, we made a sober
truth of it."
I hope, for your own peace of mind,
my dears, that you may never see a fel
low human turn devil in a breath as 1
did then. His man's face fell away from
him like a vanishing mask, and in the
place of It a hideous demon, malignant
and murderous, glared upon me. Twice
his hand sought the swordhilt. and once
the blade was half unsheathed. Then ha
thrust his devil-face in mine and hissed
his parting word at me so like a snake
It made me shudder with abhorrence.
'Tou've signed yoar own death war
rant, you witless fool! Tou'd play the
spoil-sport here as you did once before,
would you? Curse you! I wish you had
a hundred lives that I might take them
one by one!" Then he wheeled sharp
upon his heel and gave the order to the
ensign. "Belt him to the tre«, Far
quharson. and make an end of him. I've
kept you waiting over-long."
They strapped me to a tree with other
belts, and when all was ready the en
sign stepped aside to give the word. Just
here there came a little pause prolonged
beyond the moment of completed prep
aration. I knew not why they waited,
having other things to think of. I saw
the fixing line drawn up with muskets
leveled. I marked the row of weather
beaten faces pillowed on the gunstocks
with eyes asquint to sight the pieces. I
remember counting up the pointing muz
rles; remember wondering which would
be the first to belch Its fire at me, and
if, at that short range, a man might live
to see the Cash and hear the roar before
the bullets killed the senses.
But while !• screwed my courage to tne
sticking- place and sought to hold It there,
the pause became a keen-edged agony.
A glance aside— a glance that cost a
mightier effort than It takes to break a
nightmare— showed me the ensign stand-
Ing ear a-cock. as one who listens.
"What he heard I know not. for all the
earth seemed hushed to silence waiting
on his word. But on the Instant the
early morning stillness of the forest
crashed alive, and pandemonium was
come. A savage yell to set the very leaves
a-tremble; a crackling volley from tha
underwood that left a heap of writhing,
dying men where but now the firing
squad had stood; then a headlong charge
of rough-clad horsemen— all this befell
In leas than any time the written words
can measure.
(Continued Next Sunday.)
3
JOE BOSENTBEEQ'S.
$Jhe Jfome of Reaulijiers. J
THE AUTO VEILINGS- 1
vnrtm t lUMaBaaruaJiJ Mads of all-siiJc chiffon; £>
W£> y **^^^^0^^^^^^& extra fina heavy inesh; in S
§^V. ¦_/ * .?"'^"\C£|ip plain, chenille and emhroid- i^>
>o»j>»wc ji^c<^** g>^*t-'*" ,:..,.-„, •' -7-'* t C i 3>.** and TrlwftX, A.t veiling store q
TUXEDO- QUEEN, ANNE VEIL- ; 1
For protecting and . beautify- *°* millinery purposes or f a« §
. . " - . . . protection; in chiffon and g
ing; made of extra fine twisted cliss^ T0SS nets; to black , D i U9 g
thread; in dotted and plain. or orown; 54 inches long. Our S
our price V- 25 CENTS P ric « 50 CENTS |
•Wrinkled Faces BEaae to Look Tonnf fcy Our Complexloa VaiHaj. C
Beantiflex* Becelved Sally T-vui Our Parisian Souse. £¦
IOE ROSENBERG, I !
tJI "MSff"* 316 Market- 1 1 O'Farrell c
Qr Kail Orders Solicited. £
' 77- -J §For a moment 'Marth's heart stood still.
She know she was gazing ypon the dread-
Marth glanced again at the letter in
the bark, then back at Amos, and looked
disgusted. ;
"I've never said I was a thlnkln' one
mite about the schoolteacher, have I? ¦
"Not with yer mouth but ye've said
it up there with yer pocket knife." Amos
pointed at the big letter in the bark.
Marth turned a steady gaze, full of
fire, upon the man's face for a moment,
then l«t her words fly.
"Amos Underwood." she snapped.
"ye're the biggest gump I ever saw. I
hate you; I despise you. Now, you go;
and I do hope the revenues will get you
this very, night." ¦ ,
"Marth,. I"— Amos had taken off his
haf
"No, ye don't!" Marth stamped her foot.
"Ye've said enough. Go!"
She pointed up the trail, and Amos
moved slowly away. , .
Marth had wound up her fish line by
the time Amos had gone from view, and
she turned toward the old beech a^aln 
"The crazy,", she murmured. He
couldn't remember his own name started
with A. Well, he's gone, and Im glad
of it. I do hate a man that can't see
with bis eyes open." .
The girl. followed the trail to the top
of the. ridge,. then turned off to the left
and went toward a cabin on the side of
the mountain.
At dusk she milked. the cows, then went
to the" spring for. a pall of water. As ehe
stood and began slowly to N dip the water
from the rocky. basin with a long-handled
gourd her quick e#r caught the sound of
hoof I beats - against i the , stones, and she
turned her ' head • and .peered through the
woods to the right of her. Just across a
shallow ravine a trail led around the side
.of the mountain an«J on this trail Marth's
eyts could now see three shadowy horses
and riders, and there was a gleam- of pol
ished metal which told the ¦ girl ! that ' each
rider had a gun strapped to his back.
till I was-till something had happened
to me. Then I'd allers thought you loved
me."
} as its waters tumbled
'^^i Pi Y)*' ' 0VfT the rock3> drowned
\v\Yin wJa* the sound of footsteps,
I (^tIw drownf%(1 even the sigh
|>'*'Vi\)wi °' l * 1e breeze among the
U^'^—^J Gli tree top!l - A dense
l^HgSssiiswrglBiiwJJ shadow lay over the
gorge, for the sun was behind a cloud.
The fish in the stream had not been
biting to suit a young flsherwoman and
she had thrust her pole Into the bank and
gone aside to carve something In the bark
of an old beech. Laboriously she worked
away, and at length had completed a sin
gle large A.
A man approached along the river trail
and stood directly behind th» girl, watch
ing her. work. A flush passed over his
face when he saw the letter the girl had
carved and he frowned. Then he coughed
and the girl was startled. She turned
quickly around. *
"You, Amos?" she exclaimed.
"Me, Marth," was the answer..
"Why didn't you whistle or something,
•fore you got so close?"
"Wanted to see what you'er doln'."
Marth's face reddened slightly.
"Well?"
"Well, I see ye've got that school
teacher in yer mind."
" 'Taln't 60. Now I wonder what put
that in yer head?"
"I see ye're flxin* to carve his name."
Marth looked up at the letter in the
bark, then looked at Am 03 in silence.
"Don't reckon ye can hardly deny it,"
continued Amos, . Jealously, "for I don't
reckon you could say that letter stood
for anybody else around tnese parts but
Aldrich. So I put it up, yo're a thinkin'
a right smart about that same school
teacher."
"Amos Underwood, ye haven't got a
grain o' sense. Ye can't see two Inches
afore yer nose." Marth's eyes were danc
ing.
"I reckon you think so, Marth. But 'I
think I know what's what when a girl
carves a chap's name ¦ on a- tree. ' Marth>
girl, I think ye might have spared me
this kind o' thing, an' me thinkin* of
you the way I do. You might have waited
"Marth, I— I reckon, then, ye do love
me some, though ye did start to carve—"
"Amos, Jest plain Amos on that tree. I
reckon A stands for Amos, don't it,
crazy?" ,.' ,.. - • .
VMarth, I've been a gum fool! But I'm
powerful happy right now."
.He extended his arms j toward Marth,
but I the girl backed sway.
. s "No time for that. Amos. Don't ye h#ar
them hoof -beats ?"¦
, The moonshiner caught the girl's hand,
and together they sprang into the laurel.
Five minutes later they stood on the rock
above the 5 stillhouse and , listened to ttle
work of destruction that was being 1 car
ried on by the raiders'* axes.- ¦ ¦
"Well, ye're safe anyhow, Amos," whis
pered Marth; and Amos, catching- her in
his arms, tousled her hair with his chin.
ed revenue officers and her thought flew
to Amos more than three miles away
down the ravine, where he would soon be
at work In the distillery. >
The girl- sat motionless until the riders
had passed a boulder which protruded
from the hillside. Then she seized her
pall and ran up the trail to the cabin.
There was but one thought in her head.
Amos must be warned and saved at. any
cost. , Saddling a small mule which she
led from the stable, she leaped upon his
back, dragged a shotgun up after- her
and rested it upon the animal's neck.
Then she set off along a trail which di
verged from that taken by the officers.
At least she reached a high rock over
looking a bluff; and she stopped and lis
tened Intently. Then, slipping down from
the saddle, she crept Into a laurel thicket
on one side of the rock, and. after a few
minutes, came out in the glare of a fur
nace fire. She was at' the doorway of
Amos Underwood's stlllhouse. Springing
through the opening she called his name.
Amos turned quickly, and his hand
grasped the butt of a revolver. But when
he saw Marth he allowed his chin to drop
to his breast and his hand fell limply to
his side. '
"Have ye brought 'em, Marth?" he
asked. .
"No, Amos, but they're comin*. an' I've
come all the way here to warn ye so's ye
could save yourself. I'm sorry for what 1
said, though I didn't reckon I'd ever own
it.". ¦,,...¦ v - . ¦ .
"I don't know how you class Mr. Win
ters," Phillipa said one evening. "He
isn't a fool, and hq doesn't seem"
"My dear," Claverlng remarked, "he Is
a demon of the deepest dye." They had
been sailing (with Winters) that after
noon In the rough waters around the
outer ledge and tha qualms of the deep
were still strong- upon mm.
He had never been a dancing man; yet
when Winters took Phillipa. to the Coun
try Club hop it was Uncle George who
managed to dance with her the greater
part of the evening. His waltzing re
minded one of some stately walk gone
wrong, and he was hopelessly tangled in
the figures of the* newer dances. Still,
with Spartan courage, he stuck to It, and
when finally Winters had spirited PhilHpa
to a corner of the veranda, where the
moonlight was . particularly suspicious.
Uncle George came strolling up with \ a
cheerfully obtuse smile on his perspiring
face.
The day of the hunt he rode afield after
the pair, taking fences that sent shivers
coursing up and down his spine and put
ting his horse to water Jumps which ma
terially Increased his gray hairs. Wher
ever his niece might be, there was Uncle
George. He was "keeping and eye on
Phillips."
To those who knew Mr. Claverlng, his
behavior during the next few weeks was
Inexplicable. When Winters took Phil
lipa to the links, Uncle George went with
them, although it was known that, hith
erto, a mere mention of golf would suf
ficient to open the flood gates of his vi
tuperation. ;:¦
Claverlng bristled perceptibly.
"The young men of this place," he an
nounces oracularly, "are of two classes
fools and demons."
"I think I shall prefer the demons,"
said Phillipa sweetly.
PhilHpa had not been two days at The
Cedars when Roderick Winters came over
to smoke an evening cigar with Claver
lng. Winters was 2S and not particularly
impressionable. However, when his eyes
met Phillipa's he was as clay In the pot
ters' hand. Clavering saw It was the be
ginning; he took a long breath, aa one
who Intends to run a good race-.
fore him anri his heart sank.
"It's a. mighty quiet place here," he ex
plained.
"I saw some awfully interesting look-
Ing men as we drove over from
the station," she said. "I'm sure you
know a lot of them."
By C. S. Reid
THE PERPLEXING INITIAL
"A landscape!" mentally exclaimed
Marian, as'ehe recalled his dislike of land
scapes. "How he must hate me," she
continued, eating another candy, "when
he'd rather look at that than at. me! I
wonder— what had I ought to do? If he
and I were utter strangers, lost on a des
ert isle, and he had a dozen kernels of
corn, I should think him a cad if he didn't
offer me half. I think I ought to offer
him com? of these candles, even If we're
not on speaking terms."
Then, sitting back, and with eyes
straight ahead, Marian pushed the candy
box along the seat. Allen paid no atten
tion.
"Won't you have a chocolate?" Marian
asked at length, hesitatingly.
Allen made no answer.
"Will you"— and Marian stamped her
little foot— "I say, will you have a choco
late?" she continued Impatiently.
"No, I thank you," he replied, and re
sumed his contemplation of the landscape.
A long pause ensued. The box remained
half way between them.
"I think you're very— ungentlemanly,"
ventured Marian.
"1-ast night you were of the same opin
ion/' retorted Allen.
"You are more so now.'*,
HOW • ¦ . * i
"Well, j'ou— you know that I'm too po
lite to eat these chocolates and let you
j:o hungry— and I'm simply starved."
After she had eaten several of the can
dles she glanced over at Allen. Fastened
to the wall of the cabin opposite him was
an old landscape In a dingy frame, and
he was gazing at this with the concentra
tion of a stole.
"Well, I suppose it can't be helped,
then," submitted Marian, but she ap
peared bo very much annoyed that Abe at
once leaned down and continued his work
with a great show of bustle.
The rain was not yet over, and Allen
was busily engaged staring very hard at
nothing whatever. Marian looked at her
watch. It was past lunch time, and, as
she had felt too miserable to eat much at
breakfast, she commenced to feel hungry.
A sudden thought brightened her coun
tenance: she had with her a box of can
dles which she had purchased for her sis
ter's children. She could get them an
other box. She looked at her watch
again. Only a few minutes more had
passed, but her hunger had now become
unbearable.
She loosed the string from the box.
opened the paper, removed the cover and
ate a chocolate.
"Well, sometimes. But now last week
ehe didn't break down, Monday nor
Wednesday, all the hull way over!" And,
Baying this. Old Abe rose to his full
height, grinning with pride.
cllmbed around to the all-Important pad
dle wheel. After an exasperating wait
of perhaps tw«nty minutes Marian peered
out from the door, and seeing no one
called:
"Mr. Ferryman!" She was now heartily
wishing she had stayed at the house.
"I'm awful sorry. Miss," answered the
old man, rather dolefully, "but I'm 'fraid
it'll take a teenty bit longer. You see,
It's worse'n I thought."
"Do you have to stop like this often?"
asked Marian.
Mr. Clavering laid the note on the li
brary table with a perplexed frown. He
was a widower of several years* standing,
and, moreover, he was childless. The
ways of this, younger generation of rirls
he knew nothing about When he had
asked his sister to send her daughter to
him for a month he had mentally pictured
Phillipa as still 13, clad in muslin frocks
and made perennially happy by a simple
supply of sweetmeats.
Phillipa came— a happy, charming; ra
diant creature, with a pair of dark eyes
that would melt a stone and a silvery
laugh that' would thrill a graven Image.
Clavering felt a glow of avuncular pride
as he beheld her: at the same time he
realized that magnitude of the task t>e-
his warmest regards. Tour affectionate
sister. ALICE."
At this point a thunder shower, which
had for a time back been steadily ap
proaching, broke over the lake. Allen,
not df siring a drenching, rose to his feet
and went into the cabin.
In the darkening interior he saw no one,
and eat down on the middle of the seat
with a sigh, putting his elbows on his
knees and face in hands.
Marian was sitting but an arm's length
from him. After an awkward pause spent
in cogitation Ehe coughed lightly. Allen
•started to his feet directly, and, with a
bow, said:
"I do beg your pardon, madam: I—"
And then a flash lighted the cabin for an
instant, and he plainly saw his com
panion's face.
"I thought I was alone," he added.
Bimply, and awkwardly backing to the
farther «nd of the seat, sat down.
There was some reason for these seem
ingly strange actions. It was but the
previous evening that they had quarreled
and at the end he had fiercely taken back
the ring £he proffered, and they had part
ed forever.
At length. "Why are we stopping here?"
asked Marian of the boatman, who sat
at his pcet in perfect tranquillity.
"Jest a rcrew loose, miss," the old man
replied. "I figger I know where 'tis now,
and we'll be goin' again in a Jifty."
And with that Old Abe. tools lv hand.
Alien didn't know, as a matter of fact,
where he was going, nor did be care. He
had seen the old man puttering about the
boat, and on learning that a start would
Boon be made for somewhere, he bad list
lessly taken a seat for the trip.
With a loot of the squeaky whistle the
boat got under way. Marian, wishing to
stand in the prow, walked through the
cabin. But at sight of her fellow pas
senger she turned pink with embarrass
ment and quickly retreated and sat down
on the long carpet-covered seat that was
built through the middle of the cabin.
Under the guidance of the Jubilant old
man the boat advanced in a very satis
factory manner— at least to him— until
about half way across the lake. Here the
paddle wheel refused to continue re\'olv
lng, and, after some minutes of drifting,
tho boat was still.
(Copyright. 1SC3. by T. C. McClure)
m-am-ii^fliri HE ferry at Acton, a
r^fs rrj.E»- > - rl f small summer resort
cn PQ I) l>'i n ff next a most
j£+ tfjCJ. pleasurable Btretch of
52 ! W& like was operated sole
[rim ,,^S Abe." es he was called.
II | f 1 1, mmmmifg^^i^f The service had come
to be of such an unstable character that
the villagers had lost all confidence In it
*m a means cf transportation.
However. Marian Ardsley was not an
Inhabitant of the village, and so she
stepped confidently aboard the boat, as
elsted by Old Abe. As be bustled about,
be was softly chuckling and repeating to
himself: "Two. Two."
The rear third of Abe's stern-wheeler
was a pilot house and engine room, the
cestrtl portion was cabin, and in front
wae what may be termed a deck. On
this deck was seated the other of Abe's
"two" p&Esengers, Alonzo Allen, of New
Tcrk.
"Yes. while you were gone — " put In
Phillipa. She - stopped abruptly and
flushed.
Clavertrg looked at them In stunned si
lence. Winters cleared his throat.
"As long as you've got the hang of It
don't you want to take another little
spin, while we decide where we'll spend
our honeymoon?"
Clavering smiled weakly. "If you'll
trust me with the machine. Rod." he said.
"I'll wobble to the station and telegraph
Alice."
Some twenty minutes later the red
touring-car appeared on the crest of the
hill, coming in their direction. In it was
Covering, hatless, covered with dust, but
triumphant. He brought his serpentine
course to a finish in front of Winters and
Philllpa.
"I've got the hang of It now," he cried
Joyfully. "Stopped her all by myself:
turned her round, too. Knocked a piece
out of Crelgh ton's fence, but I've got the
hang of it, anyway."
Winters' drooping spirits seemed to
have revived.
"You left us rather unceremoniously.
Claverlng," said he. "And the method of
your departure rather worried ua. too.
But while you were gone — "
"You steer with this, eh?" said Uncle
George, "and start it with this— eo." Th*
touring-car started ahead. "Ha I
thought so. How do you stop her? Heyl
Rod, how do you stop her?"
A sudden inspiration came to Winters.
"Shove that lever down," he shouted;
"way down."
The car sprang ahead at full speed.
Claverlng gasped and shouted something:
which was lost In the roar of the laboring
gear. Steering wildly, the car reeling
from one side of the road to the other,
he went banging up the road and disap
peared over the crest of a little hill In a
cloud of dust.
"Oh." cried Phillipa In dismay. "Oh.
how could you! He may be killed."
"He deserves to be." . said Winters
grimly.
"Oh, I say. Miss Trent," he said; "this
is your last day here, and I haven't
shown you the Knob. Shan't wt take a
run over there?"
"Delightful." murmured Ph filly*, rUtajr.
"See here,'* said Claverin*. "I haven't
been over to the Knob since I was * boy.
Do you mind taking me alongT*
"Join us by all means," said Winters,
with a cheerfulness marked "eouaterfatt**
all over it.
The prospective departure of Phillipa
seemed to affect the two men very dif
ferently. All the afternoon, during- the
ride and the climb to the summit of the
Knob, Clavering was as light-hearted as
a boy. "Winters was taciturn almost to
sullenness. Phillipa was pensive.
When It was time to return Clavering
climbed Into the car first and fondled
the brakes and levers.
"I believe I could run the thing my
self," he observed.
"Simple as A, B, C," said Winter*.
It was the last day of Phllllpa's stay
at "The Cedars." ClaYericg was congrat
ulating himself that on the morrow she
would be gone. Than— to use his own ex
pression— h« would go Into firydock for
repairs. As Phillip* and her uacl* sat
on the veranda after lunch Winters cam*
up the drive in his powerful touting car.
By Will Burr
WHILE WAITING FOR REPAIRS
WITH AN EYE ON PHILLIPA
By T. B. Eaton
With an air of exaggerated politeness,
Allen reached over, took a candy and ate
it, his eyes fixed the while upon the land
scape. Marian then ate one, waited in
silence for ten minutes, and again offered
the box to Allen, who helped himself very
gravely and handed it back.' The opera
tion was repeated until soon only one
candy was left. The remaining one was
heart-shaped.
Allen handed the box to Marian. She
took the box, but directly offered It back
to him.
"No, thank you," said Allen, on looking
In the box. '
"But I am offering It to you," insisted
Marian.
"It's yours," replied Allen, and he shot
a quick glance at Marian, who had been
gradually moving from her end of the
seat and was now past the middle. She
slightly raised from her seat, and, leaning
toward him, said:
"L.on— pardon me — Mr. Allen, please
take it; I want you to have it."
"Is it— do you mean— you are offering
me a heart?" he asked. 1
Bhe might have answered, but tho boat
suddenly started with a Jerk, throwing
her full Into his arms. And there she was
when the boatman appeared in the door
way.
"I'm sorry for delayin' ye," said .Old
Abe, "but I'm thlnkln' things be tinkered
into shape ag'ln now." And that was true
enough.
"We—" and Marian looked at Allen,
"we're not blaming you, Mr. Ferryman."
"No; and we'll take the trip back with
you," added Allen.
"Thank >, thank *e, sir," replied Old
Abe, and. a? he went back to his work,
there was a merry twinkle In his eye. And
he chuckled to himself:
"They're not blamin' me. but I could a
started the durn old craft Jest half an
hour ago."
(Copyright, 1903, by T. C. McClure.)
*—>-—-— 5H3I R. GEORGE CLAVER
\*r(?!^$^n£J\ ING drew his chair
f i^JnK&flnBlf^H nearer the lamp, re
1Ci!^v/a@\Y i "Shfd the nalf - con -
«u mefl c'S ar and read
t$IWrWo*a£ nis ?lster ' s note a^ain.
|^^M?/JeM| "We are both delight
l^Syfmfe^dl fd at vour thoughtful
ness in asking Phlllipa to spend the month
with you at 'The Cedars.' I'm afraid
you'll" scarcely know the dear child with
the eight years she had added since you
last saw her. She Is quite beside herself
with anticipation. In her mind Uncle
George and archangels are synonyms. I
must caution you. dear, to keep an eye on
Phillipa while she Is with you. I confess
she Is an Incorrigible flirt. Henry sends
"Now. what on earth are you trying
to do?" demanded the wife, as she in
stinctively reached for the knife. "If you
had ever carved a turkey before you
would know better than to clash away
"Why don't you take him bv the lesr
and begin to carve? You don't propose
to stab him In the back. dr> you?"
"When I get ready to carvs, I shall
carve." he answered, with great frigidity.
"There is where most people make their
great mistake in carving. They go at a
bird as if they were stabbing and slash
ing at a dead porker. I shall get to work
presently, but there Is no occasion for
haste."
After five minutes more of 'Vcientlflo
principles" he seized a leg and began a
Burgicai operation on the patient's thigh
bone.
At this point the cherub of love dis
covered that he had business elsewhere,
and the little dt vil of acrimony came sail
ing in to take the vacant place. The hus
band, by the divine right of muscular
power, retained possession of the carving
utensils and procteued upon scientific
principles. That is, he surveyed the bird
from all sides, and wondered whether his
two Ftumpy leps ought to be pulled out
by fhe root? ns a first movement. He
might have attempted it but for the wife,
who Btemed to divine his thought, and
said:
"I don't like to have you speak to m«
In thRt tone. I have proved to you that
I know how to bake a turkey, and I wi'.l
now prove that I know how to carve one
as well. Let me have the knife and
fork."
"What! I have never carved a tur
key!" he interrupted. "I b*g to correct
you. You could never have possibly
carved anything beyond a quail, and I
will row give you your first lesson."
"It wouid be such a pity to haggle it."
"Who's going to haggle? You talk as
If I had never seen a turkey. You
wouldn't know how or whtri to begin. If
you started in."
"George." she said, as she brought the
carvlr.g utensils from the pantry with a
blush £t her forgetfulness. "you have
never carved a turkey In your life,
and "
"It is it* finest one I ever saw," said
the wife, as she touched up the table
here and there before eittlng down.
"And only the nicest little woman in
the world eoulJ have prepared It thus,"
¦was thf reply, accompanied with a kiss.
A Thanksgiving turkey must be carved
before it is eaten. This fact suddenly
stared bnsb&nd and wife In the f»ce. and
for a n:oment each looked anxious and
perturbed. Then their faces cleared
tlmu'.tareously.
He nestled while the young wife pre
pared the stuffing and filled the vacuum
and put in the basting stitches, as she
had teen her mother do on several occa
sions. ::n<] as rhe had no doubt she could
do Just as well, or better. lie was nest
ling still when the table was set for the
feast, and there was a smile of affection
end prioe on the husband's face as with
his own hzvAs the bird was finally trans
ferred from the oven.
Their firm quarrel was on the tupie. but
both restrained themsflves and happily
averted it. The turkey was put aside on
Ice until it should go Into the oven next
£ay. arid the cherub of love continued
to nestle. •
"And I am *ure that I know how to
select the finest bird in the market. I to
eelect— >mi to stuff and bake. It Is a. day
and a dinner to look forward to."
rnn I, , .,„ .., r VET had been mar-
C pw* >-..-. -.' e i-^ rUd for ten months,
Bh PEP l^\ \ EI1< -' durln *f that t5l ne
U-^vTi '^av- t; ' r '' n «<*. hern r.'i
¦ |t^jf fj'h '* v " r<1 " f dispute. If
»Xfi^£''' ¦y'\l ' ¦• < " rr had been pefi;-
Ep^JjL- _ {\ F '•'"' r * on *" r P^-rt now
UmmtWELJSJE!r>t>4* ar,d then, or Imi 1 *-
Ticiit*; <.n his, the clouds had drifted
away !¦¦ .- :.¦ .i ntorm c >uld pather. Within
their lii la home dwelt love and peaxe
and commitment, and they looked for
ward i.. Yn^jikfgning with peculiar In
terest.
"Beoau'e it will be our fret Thanksgiv
ing tui;.«y. he *ald with a smiie.
"Beciit no I am to cook it," bhe said,
with ciioV in her tones.
"And (ire you rare — pure — ?"
"Thai i knew how to stuff and bake a
turkey? (J.-orge. can you doubt rn*?"
As she left the room to don her out
door garments he resumed work. Ha
twisted the bird's legs down and his wins*
up, and then reversed the motion, but
nothing gave way. Then he resumed rHa
tunneling operations, hut struck such nat
ural obstructions that he had to abandon
the work again and look around for th«
ax. There was no ax, no handsaw, no
crowbar. In furnishing his house he had
forgotten that these things might be ia
demand on Thanksgiving day.
By and by, however, by faithful work,
aided by lucky accident; he dislodged a
bit of meat and paused to taste it. It
was turkey on the raw. Then he perse
vered until he succeeded in bringing to
light a spoonful of stuffing. It was stuf
fing a la paste. "Mother's old-fashioned
cocking" had been outdone.
Ten minutes later, when the young wiTe
re-entered the room, clothed for the
street, but feeling that she was only
making a bluff of it. she was surprised
to find her husband smoking and smillns.
"Come and kiss me. pet." ha said ia
his old loving tones.
"But where— where?" she asked, as she
looked at the table.
"Where Is the turkey? Oh, the poor
bird won't bother us any more. I droppo.l
it out of tha window Just in time to hit
a passing Alderman on the head."
"But George, I don't understand."
"Well. then, my dear. I got caught
with the oldest gobbler in town. You
knew no more about baking him than a
child, and neither of us knows enough to
carve a boiled turnip. Take off your
things, pet. and we'll eat up the cold po
tatoes and the cranberry sauce and be
thankful that Thanksgiving has done so
well for us that we are able to feast th«
street with roast turkey."
"That's simply butchery. If my father
had known what sort of man you were
he'd never have given h'.s— "
"And I wish he hadn't." snapped
George, as h« flourished the knife and
fork in the air.
"Do you say that to me. George Pear
son? I go back to my mother to-morrow.
I have found out at last what a villain
you are, and "
"And It makes me tired. If j'ou had let
me alone In the first place I should have
had the carving a" done by now.
"You have never carved— you will never
know enough to carve, and I can put on
my things and go over to my sister's to
night. When I am gone you can cut ani
thrust, pull and haul, twist and wrigsle.
and when you get ready you may eat
your Thanksgiving dinner alone.
"A dinner which would have been a
little love feast but for your foolish and
unwifely interference." .
"Thank you, sir— thank you.
But he grasped the legs and pulled and
yanked and wrenched .until h« even
moved the table about.
It wai no go. The bird declined to give
¦way to any such treatment.
When failure was realized the husband
picked up knife and fork again to work
upon another new Idea. Me would con
struct a subway to tap the Interior and
make it yield up Its stuffing. He began
cutting a hole In the side, but had not
drifted In very far when the wife cried
out through her tears:
"Taken, one leg in each hand, and sufficient muscular exertion used, the bird ought % to rip open like
a squash." ,
as If you had a razor In. ytraf hand. You
want to cut around the leg and bend It
up to sl?p the bone out of Its socket."
"Not If I am a man instead of a wolf."
he hotly rpplied. "You bend the leg down
—always down."
"You never do."
"You always do." .
"Will you please remember that I am
the head of this house."
"One of the heads only."
Then followed a lull, during which the
husband planned a . campaign and set
about carrying out the details. When h«
came to look more closely at the body
before him on the big platter he con
ceived the idea that nature designed the
legs to help a man out of a Thanksgiving
fix. Taken one In each nand and suf
ficient muscular exertion used the bird
ought to rip open like a ripe squash.
Such a feat would save half the carving.
"You mustn't— you can't— you shan't!"
cried the wife, aa she fathomed his inten
tions.
"Madam, stand back."
"I won't do it. You might as well call
In two dogs and let them—"
. THB SUNDAY CAM*
MATRIMONIAL COMEDY OF THE
THANKSGIVING TURKEY
4There had been a time when It looked
as tho' Nick would make his mark. That
time expired when he finished his engage
ment with the law of gravity.
When the other kids got wise to Nick's
mental Insolvency they made him run
for the ball when It was knocked over the
fence, dig- bait and do everything- else In
which there was no fun. Nick never put
up a howl for the reason that he utterly
despised a fight.
Nick worked pretty. hard at the Infor
mation Dispensary, but he didn't show
any signs of it, and before he .could get
on terms of familiarity with arithmetic,
geography and the like, he was disquali
fied by the statute of limitations, and bad
to quit the Enlightenry.
Nick was not exactly eligible for a
place in the county Bughouse, but it took
some of the best doctors In the State to
prove It, and cost old man Newcorab an
awful lot of money.
In due time Nick outgrew his teens and
Whether that be true or not Nick's
brain become so abstemious after that
little Incident he bad to carry a memo
randum book, and when he was sentenced
to the local Reason Refinery he went right
to thft foot of his class.
During; his Juvenility Nick fell out of a
tree and reached port head-first. The at
tending* physician announced that the trip
caused Nick to lose a pint of blood. Nick's
neighbors say be sustained other losses
that were not Included In the doctor's re
port..
(Copyright, 1*3, by Steve Floyd, N. T.ji"
ONCE upon a time there lived In the
town of Hickoryvllle a Presidential
Impossibility, who was listed In
the census reports as Nicholas
Newcomb.
headache and began to tell all about her
new dress made of black crepe de chine,
with sun pleated skirt and waist: yoke
and sleeves of black silk net, with collar
and cuffs edged with blue pan velvet and
skirt lined with heavy black taffeta. Nick
Juanlta thought that she had cot rid of
the pest. But she was wrong, for Nlok
was back the very next night to Invite
her to see the original all star company
In "Parted by Fate" at the opera-house
the following evening.
Juanlta was dying to see the show and
accepted the Invitation. She also hinted
thtt it would be Just splendid for Nick
to Invite Katie Carroll, too, for she dear
ly loved the stage and always said the
very nicest kind of things about him.
Nick couldn't see It that way and side
stepped the courtesy by stating that there
wasn't another seat left In the third aisle.
Juanlta was disappointed and showed It.
But not enough to cause all bets to be
declared off, for Hlckoryvllle Is not what
might be called a great show town.
She knew everybody would give her the
laugh for going out with Nick; that's
why she wanted Kate to go along and
make It look as though they were split
ting the difference.
Well, the next night, as soon as the
band began te play in front of the the
ater, Nick called for the only girl In the
world. Juanlta gave him no chance to
broach the subject during the perform
ance, but when If was over Nick took the
dark side of the street and got right
down to business.
He started in by saying: "Juanlta, have
you heard tho good news?"
"No. What Is ltr* she replied.
"I got a telegram to-night saying
Grandpa Nicholas had died In Montana
leaving me a gold mine." ., >;
"Oh. Nick, you don't mean It?"
"Yes, I do, and I want you to marry
me and help me spend it. Will you?"
"Why certainly I will, you little darling.
You know I have always loved you fit to
kill."
Moral. Some girls never learn that they
love a man until he has a streak of lack.
stood It until 11 o'clock and vamoosed
into the fr«sh air.
After giving Friend plenty of time te
administer discouragement, Juanita en
tered the parlor with a lace fan and sick
The next time Juanlta got , wind of
Nick's coming she took particular pains
to have a girl friend over -to spend the
night. When Nick arrived he was re
ceived by Friend, who knocked Juanita
for fair. Friend told Nick, confidentially,
that Juanlta had an awfully mean dispo
sition and that while she was bright and
pretty she was horribly selfish and;out
landlshly extravagant. Nick said: "Er,
huh. But she's nice."
She pretended to think he had called to
see her brother. Nick said he hadn't. He
moved up a notch. Juanlta took a chair
right in front of the parlor door which
stood wide open. Nick, told her be had
heard that she was engaged to Archie
Lomax. Juanita said she would not
marry the best man In th» world, for she
Intended to remain a bachelor-girl and
have a high old time. Nick looked at his
watch and said he bad a date down at
Main and Walnut.
After trying the absent treatment for
some time without seeing any evidences
of progress Nick grew courageous enough
to call upon the cause of his Insomnia.
Juanlta extended to him a polarlo re
ception, which be utterly failed, to Inter
pret.
took an interest in the opposite sex. and
before the authorities could Interfere he
got stuck on one named. after the Pullman
Sleeper "Juanlta."
For a long time Nick was too modest
to say a word about it*, not even to Juan
lta. But he showed It by wearing his
Sunday clothes, putting perfume on his
handkerchief, whistling "The Lost
Chord" and going home by Juanlta's
house, which was two. blocks out of his
way. He also wrote her name all over
everything because It made him feel good
to gaze upon it.
By Billy Burgundy
THANKSGIVING TALE OF THE BLOCKHEAD WHO WON ANYHOW
has evidently been on at least a doxen
trips. A man would have thrown It in
the stove before now. The little girl, on
the other hand, has faith In her crea-
He opened the manuscript with a whim
sical idea of being merciful and accepting
It if It were passable.
The usually stern, business-like Chand
ler was experiencing a tender-hearted
hour. Nevertheless his editorial soul
groaned when he saw the title. "The Un
lucky Birthday Stone" was too much for
him even in his most merciful mood.
He saw a little Jingle about the Febru
ary born. Now, It happened that the ed
itor had carried a little amethyst ring In
his pocket for ten years. It was a child
ish little ring with the Inscription "Ma
rion, 1893." and though he did not often
remember that It was there, he thought
of it as he sat gazing at that silly manu
script.
He had known one February gl", and
he determined to please this other child
If he could. Of. course, it was a child. No
one but an audacious Innocent would
send in a manuscript with such a title.
He could easily accept It, send her a
"By Jove! It's heliotrope 1 One might
have known It belonged to a woman. It
' He glanced at the bundle .of manuscripts
that had. been put on his desk Just before
he left the office. One had fallen directly
in the center of the desk somewhat sepa
rated from the others. It seemed to chal
lenge his immediate supervision, and Its
soiled, grimy aspect tickled his fancy.
"Unless my editorial eyes deceive me,
you have traveled much, little crow-black
missive," he laughed, taking it up gin
gerly. •
He smoothed one or two ragged edges,
then approached It critically toward his
nose with the mental bet that It; would
be reeking with tobacco.
(Copyright, 1003. by T. C. McClure,)
<p^>_ ;r:; _^-r3| HANDLER had struck
It^J-Js^S^gjto*! his easy hour, and he
1^t5^a^RS^u threw away the stump
I/^fllrT^T'^VSril of his after-luncheon
MraJh^jYw^H cigar with a gesture
't3wS5nf*^7-(IL °' P leased relaxation.
T®3^==i&%i He had talked
through the park on
his way to the office. It was a little three
cornered affair, that seemed a tiny oasis
of refreshment where the two busy streets
met. -
¦mall check out of bis own pocket to buy
a bangle with, then make waste paper
out of the poor child's literary effort.
The first paragraph mentioned a ham
mock under a mulberry tree. It was queer,
he thought, that she selected a mulberry
tree, and—
"By George!" the editor's .mercy was
now transformed Into curiosity; "she says
there was one of those hedges between
the hammock and the house."
Finally the sheets of paper dropped on
the desk and he sat thinking with a puz
xled, awed expression.
"To think that I should find It out like
this— ten years afterward," he mopped the
cold perspiration from his brow. The
editor's memory was doing some lively
work now. °
"So she saw me that night. Just when
that fool of a blonde widow put her head
on my shoulder and I didn't have cour
age to push It off."
Ha pounded tha desk In a way that
should have given the blonde widow Joy
of her very absence.
"And Marlon left next morning with
out "seeing me. left me that letter, and
went to her brother out west."
Ha looked at tha addresa given for the
return of tha manuscript. It was a small
town fn tho adjoining- State. Th« name of
the writer was either a com da plums ot
some one that knew Marlon's story.
Next day there was an acting editor in
Chandler's place, and Chandler himself
was on th» south-bound train.
He stood waiting for her after the serv
ant had taken his card, his heart thump-
Ing like a frightened schoolboy's at his
Impulsive step.
Would It b« Marlon, and If Marion—
somehow the Idea that she might be mar
ried had not come to him before.
The door opened and a tall, slender
woman came toward him. It was she.
but paler than be had ever seen her.
"So glad, Robert." She took his hand
with a shy Impulsiveness, and he remem
bered with Joy her old habit of gasping
her words In short sentences when un
duly excited.
"Is It Marion—still r* he asked, holding
both her hands fast and gazing anxious
ly Into her gray eyes.
She knew what .h» meant and smiled
faintly. "It Is Marion— still." she replied.
, "I never knew until yesterday why you
left." putting the manuscript In her hand.
Her face flushed.
"How did you get It?" she finally asked,
with an Increased shortness of breath.
"I have recently become editor of the
magazine you sent It to."
She had evidently lost her self-posses
sion completely and answered in an agony
of embarrassment.
"I have been writing for five years.
This Is not the name I generally use.
This little story was so different, silly
perhaps, that I would not send It under
my usual pen name. It has been returned
again and again. My own Interest in it
mads me determined to keep sending it
until It was accepted."
He had taken something from his
pocket.
"Marion. I can explain everything that
you didn't understand. The— editor will
accept the manuscript if you will accept
thia In payment."
He put in her hand the little amethyst
ring of childish design.
The rose color of ten years ago was on
her cheeks as sh.e slipped it on her finger.
"Perhaps If vou will rcdate it. Robert,
It will not be unlucky enough to b« rv
fuse<J acceptance"
"It is, indeed," said the doctor In tone
of crave acquiescence. "I don't remem
ber when we've had such perfect weather
In September as this la. Beautiful air,
too! Have you noticed how clearly the
hills stand out to-day? Generally, you
know, they are nothinr but a haxy blue
line on the horizon. Cast your eye. If you
will, on Rawenn't pond, over by the
woods, there. Did you ever see anything
Miller mounted the steps and. drawing
a chair close beside the sleeping man,
sat down, lie took no precautions as to
noi*e in these movements, for Colonel
tVorth, t,» .• !<¦)<•» being a sound sleeper, was
so <5eif that nothing short of a charge of
dynamite would arouse him. The doctor
lighted a cigar and looked thoughtfully
across tiic well-kr-pt lawn and the trim
shrubs- ,.nd hedgrs. He was thinking how
glad he was <oi this moment to collect
hirnseif Wfore he saw Her.
make an ass of myself at
the bV*!. 11 wai his optimistic forecast.
"Hee_p, :r . r . r . r ; Hee— gur-r-r!" the
colonel snored placidly. •
"Hee-Kurr-r-r-ah-h!" the colonel per
figure in the tteamrr chair. A humorous
twinkle c*me into his eyes, and a quiet
amile curved the comers of bis mouth.
"Hee-gurr-r r— ah-h!" the ColontI per
sisted.
On the front porch Miller beheld the
head of the house, Colonel John Grew
Worth. U. S. A., retired, stretched com
fortably in a steamer chair. No one else
was In sight. A closer Inspection dis
closed the fact that Colonel John Grew
"Worth, U. S. A., retired, slept. The dis
closure was brought about by the cars
rather than by the eyes, for Colonel
Worth had dropped his lower Jaw and
was sending heavenward a series of
grunt* and gurgles and snorts, which
would have done credit to the most en
thusiastic eawmlll.
r rfc= _5r3R. THEODORE MIL
i 1 'S^n** .j LER "*¦ nervous. His
V^ll y^v^HpTff nervousness had mar.l-
J?fef *'-v§4' K • eE * <>d Itself some time
Ani7w?J?il before l **° heavy etone
(xfi VVS$iR posts of the carriage
~?H% &*^vr&^ jt gateway appeared to
i jj^BDajm view, and all the way
sJong .the dusty road It had materially
increased. Now, as he stood at last be
fore the entrance to "The Poplars." it
had grown to such proportions that he
paused In mental Irresolution, which bade
fair to develop Into precipitate flight.
Indeed, s» much had his courage ebbed
fr>«t for several wavering seconds he
stood there, looking despairingly at the
trim driveway before him, and casting
wistful glance* at the dusty road he had
Just traveled. It was not until he had
called fclmseir numerous kinds of a moral
coward and procrastinating idiot—modi
fled by variegated adjectives— that he
started reluctantly up the driveway.
"See here, my boy," he observed, in
volixntarily squaring his shoulders and
Vdckcnlxip W* steps, "this will never do
la the world. You can't put It off any
longer, for they leave to-morrow. Bo
t« a ' little man. Go up and get your
occ? c"e grace, and go home and console
yourself with 'I told you so.' Gad!" he
*4£ed with an absurd chuckle. "I believe
I shall bolt before I reach the house In
spite of myself."
However, with all his qualms and
tremor*. Miller marched sturdily up the
drive. Soon the path turned sharply, and
be stood before the colonial house.
(Copyright. 1SC3, by T. C. McClure.)
AvS REVIEWED BY THE EDITOR
mZ»
By T. Allison.
"Now, if you were in my shoes wouldn't
you think Molly had given you — er—en
couragement? Ah! I thought you'd agree
with me; but really your answer loses
force when you repeat it so incessantly.
"Number two: Knowing thla young
lady as you do, do you honestly think I'm
the sort of a man to make her happy?".
"Hee— gurr-r-r!" It was a perfect imi
tation of. the affirmative snore, but it did
not coma from the colonel.
Miller turned and found Molly Worth
standing behind him. He came out of his
chair in an awkward bound. He tried to
i>ay something, but he stammered so help
lessly that he gave It up and stood star
ing at her until her face flushed crimson
and her eyes fell.
"That was the one that meant 'yes.'
wasn't it," she faltered; than suddenly
she found herself in the arms of a young
physician, whose power 'of speech had
been restored to him.
Some moments later thev remembered
the colonel Mlllor strode over to the
steamer chair and bent over him.
"Do I have your consent, air?" ha in
quired with ridiculous deference.
"Hee— gurr-r-r— ah-h!" was the benedic
tion of the colonel.
By Sidney H. Cole.
WHILE COLONEL SLEPT
"Oh, yes," he taid at length, "I know
the army Is -going to the dogs, but I
wouldn * be so vehement about it if I
were you. It won't do a bit of good."
The colonel seemed trying to shake
down the porch.
"Really, I must protest," said Miller.
"You see, I didn't come here to talk about
the army with you this afternoon. The
fact Is, I want to speak to you about—
about—" he paused and glanced furtive
ly around — "Molly," he said, amused at
his own temerity in thus aJluding to the
Imperious Miss Worth.
"Wh-r— poo-o-o," the colonel gurgled.
"Yea. I thought you'd be surprised,"
Miller went on. "No. I shall not ask you
for her hand at present; anyway, not un
til I have asked the lady herself, which
I intend to do some time this afternoon.
In all probability, if I follow out this
intention, I shan't have to trouble you,"
he added gloomily.
"Ourr-r-gurr-r— gurr-r," came hoarsely
from the colonel.
"Thanks for those cheering words,"
finer? The way It shimmers and glints In
—why. how rude of you to Interrupt," he
broke off suddenly, as a sprsm of un
usual violence shook the sleeping man.
The doctor waited patiently for this to
subside, leaning forward with an air of
interested attention.
If the colonel's throaty efforts had b?en
a trifle less violent at that moment Mil
ler might have caught the sound of a sub
dued titter behind the closed blinds of the
library, and a moment later he might
have heard the door behind him opened
softly, and the tread of light footsteps
on the porch. These were lost to him.
however, as b« bent over the s'.umberer
with a whimsical expression on his face.
"You've always seemed rather kindly
disposed toward me." Miller said, still
addressing the somnolent warrior, "and
so I'm about to take the liberty of ask
ing you a few questions. I wibh you'd
answer them without prejudice, as man
to man. Well construe your answer
thusly: that 'Hee— girr-r' (pardon th»
pronunciation, but those delicate accents
are rather elusive) we'll call an affirma
tive; and that 'Whir— puo', which you in
terpolate once In awhile, we'll call a neg
ative. Dear, dear! How annoying to
have you answer so Indiscriminately be
fore I've asked the questions.
said Miller. "I wish I felt as sure aoout
it. I think she knows I Intend to propose
6ome time. I've been on the point of do
ing so a number of times before, but
something always hindej-ed at the critica*.
time; once it was a cow, again It was a
bee, and another time her shoe became
untied."
winning way with
women. He was gay
hearted and debo
rrair and masterful,
with eye? of Irish
blue and hair like a
water spaniel, chest
r.ut curled. He never
wooed with words,
only with his eyes.
They were sufficient.
You cannot make
out a rase against a
man on the score of
tender eyes. So Lar
ry rode Vcot free over a h'.ghway of sigh
ing hearts until he struck Happy Chance
and Quita.
But when It was all over S'.m sold out
hl3 mine to him and went bock over the
mountains to the States. We understood
and did not blame him. It Is easier to
save the life of th* man you hate than
to stand by and see the girl you love as
his wife.
quiet interchange of compliments that
meant business, and a gradually closing
In around the rock.
"We knew Quita mun be with him, hut
whether she had fainted or been bound,
we could not tell, until suddenly, a clear,
sharp cry rang out, and every man
lowered his gun at the sound. It was a
cry for help, we believed, and we sent
back a shout that echoed In long leaps
up the deep ravines and gulches. For an
instant the firing from the rock ceased,
then began again, faster than ever, but
not so Bure. All at once the voice of SUn
shouted from above.
"For God's sake, boys, quit firing!"
It was hard to obey with victorv so
near, and the bullets flying wild around
our heads from the hidden hand behind
the rock. But we stopped, they did also,
and we scrambled from ledge to ledge up
over the ragged, splintered stones, until
the top was gained, and we looked down
on Larry and his captive.
It was a strange sight. Back against
the rough, gray rocks stood Quita. her
eyea aflame with reckless courage and
defiance. Larry's two revolvers were
gripped, still smoking, in her hands. At
her feet lay Larry, his white face up
turned to the dawning lisht. and a dull,
crimson stain soaking the right side of
his gray flannel shirt.
"I'll shoot the first one that dares to
touch him." called Quita. "You're a pack
of cowards to follow and hold us up like
this. What's he done?"
"H© stole you."
It was Sim who answered her.
Quita turned on him like a flash.
"He didn't steal me, Sim. I ran away
with him because I loved him, and it
seemed better to go at the last moment
than to marry you and love him all the
same. I thought a girl could choose the
man she loved and not have a whole camp
chase her and shoot him down. You don't
play fair, boys."
There was a dead silence. Her eyes
were full of tears and Happy Chance
hid its head in shame. It is not pleasant
to have a gallant rescue Knocked in tha
head by the scorn of a woman's will.
But Sim stood without shama or anger
and stared at the white, young face at
Quita's feet, and at last, without a wcrd.
he went down and lifted Larry in his
arms and made his way with him to the
trail and Quita followed slowly.
At Prospera we left the three and Sim
never gave up his guard until the wound
was healed and Quita rode into camp be
side her husband as Mrs. I^arry Carroll.
There were no hard feelings. As Larry
sald, no laws had been broken, but tha
law of heart and each heart has a law
of its own.
(Oryrisht. ISCq. by T. C. McCIure.)
f^L~ -^—-f AR Q UIT A JOSEPHA
'*L* l S^V'NiB i 5J?^] MARIA was her
T rinrr.p. Bc-cording to
!^l\Bk\*/ m'TJ the ha P tif!rna ' records
I wll*!'! in th * little wh!t ®
N^I^W' ! * s ra^ I *ni £s< 'On church at San
1 \{Jg**&f/JBLii Junipcro. Over at
Ui3S E 2*5c*fcsa] Happy Chance we
called her Quita. Some way she seemed
to belong more to Happy Chance than
•he did to S»n JuniDero, with its soft
toned belis and tho s=o!!tude of cloistered
gardere. She wrp tall, and slim, and sun
burned, with lips like the heart of a rose,
and dark, shadowy eyes that looked side-
Ions at one and made the earth seem an
excellent place to live in.
Before Happy Chance had opened up
as b. silver mining: center the shack of
old Trm I'errier had held its own up on
the mountain *ido and dominated the
whole va!lcy. No one knew when It had
been built. Ferrler had drifted from camp
to carriD down throuch Colorado, and
crosswise through the Sierras, until Mex
ico was the limit, and he found Happy
Chance. It was a bit cf the wilderness
that had escax>«d fortune seekers and
railroad surveyors, and he held it for his
©wn and believed that some day he would
be a silver kins.
In earnest of that belief he had built
the fhack and married Dolores Ruiz,
daughter of ihe eld Mexican who claimed
the valley by prior right. The result was
a success in a way. There were no signs
of sliver, but there was Quita.
When the strike did c«me, fifteen years
later, both Ferrler and the Mexican lay
in the deep sleep up among the pines
on the hills, and from the lone shack
QuJta ar.4 her mother looked down on*
the valley and eaw the chosen of the
Lord of Mammon sweep away their Ca
naan and it? wealth. But they were wise,
being women, and shewed no fight, and
Happy Chance as a law abiding com
munity, reviewed their case and admitted
ihem to a share. In the profits of their
<">wn property, and rhook hands with lt
*«-if over its eenerosity.
The summer after the Ftrike Larry Car
mM a lighted In camp, and we entertained
him unaware?, not feeing any wings. We
had h«-«fd cf Larry before. He was a
gentlemanly boy. with a pood record be
hind him of ways of honor. He was a
miner, hut he never mined. He would
follow the cry of fame to a new camp
and !«7.e around for a few weeks until he
found a claim that suited him. He paid
In rash and the camp would see him no
mor*- urtil cne day he would come back
with i-ome poor Innocent of a capitalist
he had corraled. and the claim would
chare*- hands, and Larry would ride on
in triumph: trn thousand to the good.
It showed a depth of intuitive wisdom
that the world respected, and Happy
Chan* e welcomed him. Also he had a
It wu tho beginning of a state of af
fairs which Happy Chance . resented,
flawdon owned the biggest claim in camp,
and If we ever grew to be a city we in
tended leaking him Mayor, or Chief - of
Police, or something
Interesting. In ttj«
dream of the future
Quit* had shared his
honors in our minds.
She belonged : to
Happy Chance. It
was right ihat she
There was a dance at Dorrlty*s the
night he came and he rambled in. Quita
was danelnj?, and as he stood in the door*
way. watching, she whirled by him. on
biff Sim Rawdon's arm and the cluster of
scarlet mountain flowers she wore in her
hair fell at Larry's feet. Sim went back
for them. They were In the breast pocket
of 'Larry's shirt, and the two went out
doors to settle the argument for posses
sion, while Quita perched herself on I a
.window alll and smiled contentedly.
We were willing to go. She was a home
product and we didn't propose having
any stray blue-eyed maverick come out
of the north and steal her away.
Up through the valley w« rode that
nlRht, forded the Tar ba jus: below the
fall* aad took to the broken trail that
led to the mountains on the California
line. I*rry wa» making for the States
" by Ms tracks and we
hoped to catch him
before he struck a
railroad.
"Will you plug him
on alfht, Sim?" ask
ed Keno Davis, In
mild interest.
"I don't believe
there'll be any shak
ing hands." said Sim,
grimly, and we glor
ied In the coming
fight
Just before sunrise
we came upon them
half way up Bald
Mountain. ' As we
rounded a corner of
the trail a gray som
brero showed above
the tangled growth
of vines and ferns
that dung to the top
of the rocks. Sim
put a bullet through
* It neatly. The an
swer laid Keno Davis
out under the shade
of a scrub pine, and
we decided to rest
and do battle scien
tifically, as Larry
had a clear eye and
* mighty good chance
to take his pick of
a hostile force. While
the rest of us en
gaged his Interest
from the trail below
the rock, Sim took
four others and
started on a detour
to reach a point
above.
It was a good fight.
There was no yelling
or Apache war danc
ing, only a steady,
should have the best article in Us mar
rlage market, and neither Slirt ncr Quita
had objected up to date. But with the
coming of Larry, there was a change.
We carried Sim home from the dance
with a bullet In his shoulder and Larry
went back and finished the waltz with
Quita.
Th« next day Sim went to the shack
with a "bandaged shoulder and suoke up
Ilka 'a man, knowing that public senti
ment was with him. When he came back
he invited us all to tho wedding, and
Larry tipped his chair farther back on
the shady stoop of the Silver Star and
whistled softly.
The weddlngr was set for Thanksgiv
ing day, and Sim rode every day to the
shack and came back with a smile on his
lips and a spray of scarlet flowers from
tho vire that, grew on Quita's hillside.
But on Thanksgiving eve, at sunset, when
he rode after his bride, he came back
without smile or flowers and told his story
to the crowd that waited in the Silver
Star. Quita was- gone. Old Dolores, said
she had been carried off by the devil with
the Irish eyes to the mountains and Sim
asked for company.
THE flTNOAY CALL.
QUITA'S KIDNAPPING
5
Sunday Call's
Two Full Pages
Thanksgiving
Storiettes.Now comes Margaret Sidney with an
other "Little Peppers" book. Some one
has said of these delightful children's
books: "No one can put into words the
sentiment with which we older ones, as
well as our children, hang over the old.
thumbed copies of the adventures of the
Pepper family in their little brown house.
We have done It for years, and we shall
Under the titles of "More Five Minute
Stories" and "The Green Satin Gown."
Laura E. Richards, the popular girls'
writer, has given kome score or more of
short stories to her young admirers. By
her numerous short stories, notably "Cap
tain January" and "Melody." Miss Rich
ards has come to occupy to a very large
extent the great place in girls* hearts
which Louisa M. Alcott filled fifteen years
ago. And like the author of "Joe's
Boys," Miss Richards writes tales which
are read all the way around the family
lamp from the little miss in frocks up
to father himself. r iZU
(Dana Estes & Co., Boston; Illustrat
ed; prices, U and 75 cents respectively.)
The board of editors, 1 numbering Z47 In
dividuals, have prepared this new edition
FEW people realize the remarkable
number of additions which are be
ing made to the English vocabulary
every year. The opening up of a
new country like China;- the development
of the science of aeronautics, the inven
tion of new mechanical devices, the ac
ceptance Into general currency of words
coined by the fertile brains of newspaper
and magazine writers— these are only a
few examples of the numberless sources
whence spring new words full-fledged into
the growing category of accepted terms.
At first thought one would- think that
there were • more than enough diction
aries of the Englishj language, but like
the crop of dragon's teeth, new words are
springing up about us so rapidly that
lexicographers have hard work to keep
from being swamped entirely, by the new
and -strange sounding expressions. To
fill the crying need for a revised and
amplified dictionary, which would be
strictly abreast of the times the Funk <fc
Wagnalls Publishing. Company has pre-'
pared a 1903 edition of their . "Standard
Dictionary," which meets every demand
of the remarkably prolific character of
our tongue. , , • ¦
Standard Dictionary.
of the action of the phagocytes In the
blood, which was made by his investiga
tions at the Pasteur Institute. These uni
cellular ori.an.sms in the life fluid during
the period of youth prey upon the mi
crobes in the blood, thereby preventing
their harmful influence by destroying
them: but with the advance of age these
merciful scavengers of the blood are
forced to seek the vital organs themselves
for their sustenance, and thus they induce
premature decay of the heart, the brain
and the other life-sustaining mechanlsmj
of the body.
Science, which has done so much with
dis'-:ise-pr<>\entive serums and anti
toxins, will Inevitably discover an injec
tiuii uf lymph into the blood which will
nourish these phagocytes and thus deter
them^from their destructive depredations
on old a^e. A normal old age will be the
result. Man, who has lived a clean exist
ence, will pass Into the mellow fall of life
with the buoyant spirit of Marcus Aure
llus.
"Do not abuse death," said the philoso
pher. "Do we not pass on from Infancy to
youth, grow up and become tall and at
tain manhood? Do not our teeth come,
our beards grow and our hair turn white?
If we marry do we not beget children?
Are not all such events in their due sea
son and the work of nature? Death comes
through the same agency. It, therefore,
behooves a wise man to approach death
with neither anger, repugnance nor con
- tempt, but to wait It like any other ope
ration of nature."
(G. B. Putnam's Sons, New York; Illus
trated; price $2 00.)
That the love of life, to which the aged
ding with desperation, should Increase
after the best that is in life has been long
since lived, is a remarkable evidence of
the effect of the inharmonious elements
of our nature. If we have lived our life
to the utmost of Its possibilities, says
Metchnikoff, why should we fear death?
Is it that we do not dare think of absolute
extinction? Is It the beyond— the invisi
ble — that we fear? No, replies the scien
tist; it is because the disharmonies of our
existence have so wrought upon our
bodies by their concomitant diseases that
we die before our time is full come — we
perish before the instinct of death comes
to close our eyes in a natural dissolution.
But how is it with those who die from
"old age," as the physicians term it— is
not the love for life equally strong with
them? And yet they die as the result of
no seeming disease.
Metcbnlkotl answers this with his final
argument, based upon his own discovery
In the digestive apparatus of man,
Metchnikoff cites the appendix as an ex
ample of a rudimentary organ which
serves no purpose and which, as we all
know, is one of the fruitful causes for dis
ease. The wisdom teeth, a large portion
of the digestive tract and the complicated
and often useless mechanism of the eye
all come under the scientist's sweeping
designation of disharmonies. In a very
careful study of the physiology of repro
duction Metchnikoff finds many other in
congruities. Then, to clinch his argument,
the author shows the disharmonies in the
instinct of self-preservation, which, per
haps, is the strongest of our instinctive
sensations.
After reviewing the testimony advanced
to deduce the fact of the simian origin of
man, Metchnikoff undertakes the unfold
ing of the main argument of his book—
the disharmonies in the physiological na
ture of man and the effects of these dis
harmonies upon his mental life. This
done, he introduces his theory of the pro
longation of life by scientific treatment
calculated to counteract the effects of
these disharmonies.
selection and the Inheritance of acquired
characteristics. After showing the ex
tinction of the mammoth through inabil
ity to adapt itself to the altered climatic
conditions of his habitat and citing nu
merous other instances of a like nature
Metchnikoff says:
'•These facts do not bear testimony to
the prevalent idea that there exists in
nature a law of universal progress tend
ing to the production of organisms more
and more perfect from the point of view
of complex.ty of structure. It is incon
testable that forms higher in the scale of
life have developed only after the appear
ance of lower forms. But It does not fol
low that development always takes a pro
gressive march. Man is one of the later
species that have appeared upon the
earth, but there are others of still more
recent date. It is among man's parasites
that we must look for the latest products
of creation."
To the special features of the diction
ary generous approbation is also due.
There are nearly 6000 illustrations to the
text. It is well supplied with maps,
necrological tables, census statistics and
valuable cyclopedic information. The
typographical work and arrangement of
the fever quickly subsided. There was no
necessity to catch words hot from the
bat, so alarmingly abundant — super
abundant—are those that have had time
to cool. The constant instruction to the
editors of the various departments was to
exclude every word that could be omitted
without Injury. Take this fact: there
were on our vocabulary cards over 500,
000 terms, every one having been 'located'
In some book or reputable periodical. We
threw out neck and crop over 200,000 of
these by the rigid application of the fol
lowing rule of exclusion: Omit all words
that would not be Inquired after by a
considerable number of people."
Practicability Is the prime excellence ot
' the new "Standard." To define a word
merely by some synonym leaves the in
quirer after the truth as much at sea as
In the beginning. The average man roes
to a dictionary .to find one or more of
three things about a word— Its correct
spelling. Its correct pronunciation, its
most, common present meaning. Tne busy
man does not wish to read first the root
of the word, then its historical tracing
through | Sanskrit, Greek . and - Latin and
finally its modern meaning. "The Stand
ard" adopts the eminently common-sense
method of giving the latest current mean-
Ing of the term directly after the word It
self and then following with -its history.
As was to be expected from the terri
torial expansion of the United States,
the language followed the flag and-as
similated a number of words of Spanish-
American, Cuban, Porto Rlcan and Phil
ippine origin. Interspersed throughout
these pages one notes occasional foreign
words for which there are- no English
equivalents. . and which therefore are
often found In the | periodical ' press, or
are current In English books, so must of
course be given place in an English dic
tionary. • Among these terms are: Aca
bala, aldeament, alpargata, barrio, bolo,
calesln, carabao, cogon, I Igorrote, Jura
mentado, kris, mestizo, recohcentrado,
zumbador, etc. But' this process of as
similation has not alone followed the
American flag; Anglo-African literature
has contributed also a number of terms,
and among them are many from Afri-'
cander-English that have sprung Into
prominence through the recent Boer
war,' as boschveld, commando, lndaba,
Induna, nek. Onderland, j schanzes, Uit
lander, etc.. and other words as dumdum,
hinterla'nd. lyddite, pompom, etc
There are only a few examples of the
many new words which find a place in
the latest ' eaulon of The Standard.
By these examples, culled at random
from pages of the volume, -it ¦ Is seen
that the modern reader need have n.o
excuse to pass over as Impossible of
definition any strange appearing group-
Ing of letters which he may" encounter
in his reading: - He must recognize such
as • words In the English ' language and
registered as such. by the authority of
, 247 men who can' speak authoritatively.
The book is the fruit of a • flying trip
through the Land of To-Morrow. The
author leads us over the border from
France by Port Bou, the gate of the
Pyrenees, through the north of Spain by
way of Barcelona, Saragossa and Lerlda
to Madrid. Thence his narrative carries
us into Andalusia, through Toledo and
Cordova, to Granada, the Alhambra, and
at last out of Spain by the iron gate of
the Gibraltar. But It is not upon the
typical "grand tour" that the author-ed
itor leads his readers: the hurry and
rush of the ordinary sight-seeing* tour
ist. Wh6n Hart finds something which
strikes his fancy — the bell-ringer* of
Glralda. the make-up of a Spanish
newspaper— he pauses and rets all the
meat out of the subject before he leaves It
to go on.
A whimsical humor characterizes the
Calif or nian tourist's work. He loves to
catch the odd side of things and turn It
Into a smile. That a beggar should rids
a-horseback and demand a largesse from
the humbler wayfarer on foot tickle*
Hart, and he in turn passes the laugh on
to his reader, reinforced by the dry hu
mor of the telling. One gains the Idea
from "Two Argonauts in Spain" that its
genial creator was drifting easily along
through Spain, always ready to see some
new thing and more than willing to see
'some funny thing.
The author very effectually tears the
veil from ''sunny Spain." Those of us who
have dreamt of Spain as a place where
people lie under palm trees In hammocks
and lazily chew pomegranate pips feel al
most as we did when we discovered who
Santa Claus was upon reading* what Hart
has to say of the weather.
"Never in my life," say* he, "have I
seen such wrapping and muffling; as ' I
saw in Spain. The 'men wear very heavy
cloaks— heavier than any outer "garment
we have in America, except fur-coats.
"They know their climate and Its treach
eries better than strangers. -But I would
not exchange the climate of California for
that of sunny Andalusia. Still! since I
have seen the Spaniards muffle themselves
up, all over sunny Spain, and even in
sunny Andalusia, I have concluded that
one may admit the occasional necessity
of an overcoat even in California.
"One of the* reasons for such careful
muffling is the Spanish terror of pneu
monia".: Not only in Madrid, but through
out all Spain, this fear seems to be felt.
It may be folly for a stranger to under
rate the danger— when traveling, it is
usually wise to do as the natives do. But
one cannot Ignore the variable climate of
Spain; the torrid sunshine and arctic
in excellent dress under the name of
Payot, Upham & Co., the local publishers.
The keynote of Mr. Hart's work is its
engaging sketchiness and breezlness of
thought and diction. There is no attempt
to delve into musty figures and produce
Government tables of the number of An
gora goats in Andalusia, or the per capita
tax in Saragossa for the last fifty years.
There are no rhapsodical passages upon
moonlight at the Alhambra. None of the
earmarks of the time-honored books of
travels are apparent in Hart's collection
of thumb-nail sketches.
JEROME HART, the genial editor of
the San \ Francisco Argonaut, has
given us a very readable book of
travel in his "Two Argonauts in Spain."
With his letters sent from abroad to his
periodical as a foundation, Hart has elab
orated upon the originals and written
enough new material to make a good
sized volume, which is printed on the Ar
gonaut press, and which is brought out
Argonauts in Spain.
"In my experience the great strain is
to keep words out of the dictionary, not
in compassing sea and land to ilnd
words to make it larger. While making
it, the increasing size of our dictionary
was a source of constant anxiety. The
limit which commercial requirements had
fixed was 2100 quarto pages. If .we ever
had 'a heated enthusiasm for bigness"
of the "Standard" with a view of ( regis
tering every word; extant in the. hugnsh
language, whether, it is archaic -"or very
freshly t'colloqulal. A They t 'jKave acted *>n
the very sound theory that the business
of a dictionary is not to make a language
but to ' record ¦ usage.. To ;. under iu«.e . iu
dictate what words the -people should use
would be an Impertinence. 1 ¦ But , the
"Standard" editors have wisely cnarac
terized obsolete or: slang .words as. such,
and thus while they recognize Ihelr pres
ence in the language, they act at the
same time as wIbb censors oT the pub
,lic 6peech. Dr. Isaack Funk, editor-in
chief of the new work, thus characterizes
the efforts of the board of editors in this
respect: '.
Really, were one to read ¦ the Standard
Dictionary ; from cover to cover —
which i no man short of a Methuselah
could do— he would say that verily
there' is, nothing new under the sun. .
. (Funk ' & Wagnalls Company. New
York^. Sold; only on subscription.)
the volume ha* produced a compact and
handsome tone which should be put on
your library shelf alongside of your
full calf ¦ Shakespeare.
And now for the (iris; there are plen
ty of fine books for them. First there 1*
the "Outlook Fairy Book." by Laura
Winnington. All of the old stories
about the brave tin soldier, the magic
tinder box and goldlocks are herein re
told for the little folks. The stilted
language of the old German and Han*
Christian Andersen book* 1* softened so
that the little one doesn't have to 1
terrupt her mother with, "What does that
word mean 7" Beside* the stories of
hobgoblins and beautiful princesses there
are several little ballads and some trans
lations'from the French and German
folk stories which make the "Outlook
Fairy Book" a complete library of de
lightful Btories.
(The Outlook Company, New York. Il
lustrated; price, $1 20.)
Again for the boys is George Ade's
"Circus Day." illustrated by John T. Mo-
Cutcheon. Since that old story. "Ten
Weeks With a Circus" (was It called?)
there has been no circus story for the
little fellows and this book is sure to
win its way to the Juvenile heart. It
is really not a story — not much of a
plot to it or anything Ilk* that— but
it tells how Joe Wallace and Shaver
Thompson saw the world'* greatest
hippodrome and refined menagerie Just
like any other boy would see them and
that is what the boy likes. He wishes
he was there. Perhaps the boy's father
will read the book also and wish he was
a barefoot youngster going to the circus
again himself.
(Saalfleld Publishing Company. Price,
CO cents.)
There is another book which is gen
erally supposed to be for grown-ups but
which in reality is best suited for boys;
that Is Cyrus Townsend Brady's "Sir
Henry Morgan. Buccaneer." Brady
might have thought that the elders
would take his book seriously and read
it as a romance, but really there is too
ruuch of the cut and thrust in it for the
average mature reader and enough of
pirates and black flags to catch the
youngster and hold him to the tale.
Brady should have designated the fact
that he had written a boys' book when
"Sir Henry Morgan" came from the
presses.
(G. W. Dlllingham Co, New York,
Illustrated; price, $1 60.)
ja »O little curly head should want for
/V books when Santa Claus comes
1 * around this Christmas. Already
the Eastern publishers have turned
out books and more books for children.
There are Indian stories for the boys,
stories of meadows and cowslips for
little girls and books of Jingles with
bright pictures enough to delight the
hearts of all the toddlers.
Probably one of the best books for
boys — and grown-ups too. mind you — is
Stewart Edward White's "Magic For
est." This author can make more
things come out of the woods and be
revealed to the reader than any present
day writer about nature save possibly
Henry Van Dyke. He knows tha story
of the birch trees; he tells the every
day life of the fox and the beaver; he
gives one little glimpses Into the homes
of the forest birds. In this, his latest
book, there is Just enough about Indians
and thrilling canoe rides to keep young
Johnny or Teddy on the jump until he
has closed the covers on the little story.
Some excellent illustrations add to the
value of the tale.
(Macmlllan Company, New York. Illus
trated; price, $1 50.)
Grist for Little Ones*
THE WAY TO THE WEST, Kmarsoa
Hough; Babbs-Merrlll Co.. Indianapolis;
Illustrated; SI SO.
THE- LITERARY OUnXOTINB.
Anonymous; John Lane. New York; prloa
II 00.
THE COMPROMISES O7 LI3*B. Hanry
Watteraon; Fox. Duffield & Co., New
York; price $1 25.
STANDARD DICTIONARY, MW •di
tlon; Funk & Wacnalls, New York; sold
on subscription.
WHO'S WHO IN AMERICA. WWKJ;
A. N. Marquis & Ox. Chicago; prlo« tl •••
THE HOME, Charlotte Perkins Oilman;
McClure-Phillips Co., New York; prlo«
•ISO.
A SHORT HISTORY OT MEXICO, Ash
thur Howard Noll; A- C lioClurg * Co.,
Chicago.
TWO ARGONAUTS IN BPATX. J«roa»
Hart: Payot. Upham A Co* 8aa Trmaalm
co; illustrated: price S3 00.
WOOD-CARVING. Oeortr* Jack; XX
Appleton & Co.. New York; Claatzmtod;
price U 40.
OUR COUNTRY'S PRIDE; Coppls* *
Leon. New York; Illustrated,
THE NATURE OF MAN. Elie Matoh
nlkoff; O. P. Putnam's Sons, Now York{
Illustrated; price U 00.
Clarke; Dana Estes & Co., Boston; Illus
trated.
CIRCUS DAY, George Ade; Saalfleld
Publishing Co.. Akron. Ohio; Illustrated.
REFLECTIONS OF THE MORNINO
AFTER. Herman Lee Meader; H. M.
Caldwe.ll Co., Boston: illustrated.
HOW TO BEAT THE GAME. Oarrett
Brown; G. W. Dilllngham Co., New York;
Illustrated.
CHATTERBOX. J. Ersklne
York: illustrated: price $1 00.
THE OUTLOOK FAIRY BOOK. Laura
Winnington: The Outlook Co.. New York;
illustrated; price $1 20.
THE GREEN SATIN GOWN. Laura E.
Richards: Dana Estes & Co., Boston;
illustrated.
illustrated; price $1 50.
A DEAL. IN WHEAT. Frank Norrls;
Doubleday, Page & Co.. New York; Illus
trated;-price $1 50. „„,„„
A TOUCH OF SUN AND OTHER
STORIES, Mary Hallock Foote; Hough
ton. Mifflln & Co.. Boston: price $1 50.
THE SHUTTERS OF SILENCE, G. B.
Burgin; Smart Set Publishing Co.. New
York: illustrated; price $1 60.
THE FORERUNNER. Neith Boyce;
Fox Duffield & Co., New York; price
J125.
BUTTERNUT JONES. Tllden TUford;
D. Appleton & Co.. New York; illustrated.
RHYMES FROM A ROUND-UP CAMP.
Wallace Coburn; G. P. Putnam's Sons;
New York: illustrated; price $1 50.
THE ADVENTURES OF DOROTHY,
Jocelyn Lewis; The Outlook Co., New
HESPER, Hamlin Garland; Harper**,
New York; price $1 60.
CHERRY, Booth Tarklngton; Harper*.
New York; illustrated; price SI 2*
A CHECKERED LOVE AFFAIR. Paul
Leicester Ford; Dodd. Mead & Co.. New
York; illustrated. ««.»™n.«
SIK HENRY MORGAN. BUCCANEER.
Cyrus Townsend Brady; O. W. Dilllng
ham Company. New York; Illustrated;
price 51 50.
THE MAGIC FOREST, Stewart Ed
ward White; Macmlllan Co., New York;
New Books Received.
wind* .of Its gTeat central plateau; the
fickle thermometer "of Madrid; and the
dangerous difference there between sun
shine 'and shadow."
The book is a very creditable exhibition
of the book publishing craft. It Is print
ed on a high-grade, thick linen paper and
Is typographically artistic Many illus
trations, the clear reproductions from
photographs taken by the author, add to
the appearance of the volume.
(Payot, Upham & Co.. San Francisco;
Illustrated; price $2 00.)
The old faithful "Chatterbox.- edited
by J. Ersklne Clarke, M. A., appears
again at the approach of Christmas to
gladden the hearts of the children. It Is
tilled entirely with new stories and some
brightly colored plates make the book a
very attractive holiday gift for little one*.
<Dana Estes -& Co.. Boston; Illustra
ted.)
In "The Adventures of Dorothy" Joce
lyn Lewis has made a winsome little stor y
for girls. Dorothy, who ia an active, lit
tle girl of about 10 year3 of age spends a
long summer on a farm, her first experi
ence of country life. She opens her In
vestigation of the farm by releasing the
hens which with their chickens make
great havoc in Aunt Nancy's flowerbeds.
Then she discovers the brook and there
meets Peter Van Campen. a sober little
German boy, who forthwith becomes her
devoted friend and champion. She dis
tinguishes their first meeting by falling
into the brook, but as is always the case,
her clothes are the only things to suffer.
They become Dorothy's one trial, as
Aunt Nancy's New England soul revolts
at the wanton destruction and limits her
to three dresses a day. But in spite of
this small cloud on her horizon Dorothy
manages to have as good a time and get
into as much mischief as any little girl
could. '' , „
(The Outlook Company, New York; Il
lustrated; price. $1.)
Metchnikoff then launches into the ab
sorbing subject of harmonies and dishar
monies In lower creations and in man
kind. It is on this topic that be takes
exception to some of the tenets of Dar
win. The great English scientist held
that the evolution of species was a pro
gressive process of the gradual per
fection of the organism through natural
There is another striking note in Metch
nikofTs philosophy which must be under
stood before any attempt is made to fol
low the inductive reasoning by which he
seeks to establish his theory of old age.
This is his attitude toward man in the
grand scheme of the universe. Most phi
losophers and scientists are prone to make
human nature the culminatlve point in the
plan of things created and with human
nature as a starting point to work down
and around in other forms of life. Not so
•with Metchnikoff. Human nature -is for
him merely the apex In the ascending
Ecale of organisms; not a point of depart
ure, but the point of highest water mark
in the great life tide. For what distin
guishes the man from the starfish? Sen
sibility, consciousness, immortality, says
the theologian. But Metchnikoff demon
strates that the microscopical phagocytes
In the blood fluid have a consciousness of
their existence and demonstrate both that
and a sense of feeling by their actions.
He shows that the smallest infusoria by
their constant reproduction by fission ex
hibit the only form of immortality which
can be demonstrated by science. Man is
the near brother to the tree, to the jelly
fish on the seashore, in that with them he
possesses common characteristics.
In common with the works of the great
English scientists MetchnlkofTs book will
come under the ban of dogmatic religion
ists. For, Hke Huxley, Tyndal and Spen
cer, Metchnikoff accepts nothing which
cannot be proven by science. There is no
set of tissues in the body which are the
seat of a soul, hence there is ho soul.
There Is nothing to prove that immortal
ity exists, hence immortality Is a myth
conjured up by all sorts and conditions of
men in all ages as a solace for the Ills of
the body and the troubles of the mind. In
his introduction the author endeavors to
point out that philosophy and religion
alike have arisen from the disharmonies
of human existence, being in themselvej
only attempts to reconcile our imperfect
happiness and blighted physical well be
ing with the general conception of a be
nign nature.
The one aim of life is. then, according
to Metchnikoff's theory, not the prepara
tion for a life hereafter— for he does not
tolerate the conception of immortality —
but to live our life as given us here on
this earth to the full limit of its years.
Instead of a pitiful decay and the ago
nies of senility. Metchnikoff would have
the eventide of man's life the most noble
and highly honored of his whole exist
ence. The old Grecian Council of the An
cients would find its counterpart in the
re\-ered old age of the future which
Metchnikoff would establish. Man would
live on and on in the full possession of his
faculties until the instinct of death would
steal over him like the Instinct of sleep,
and, weary, he would lay him down to the
final oblivion.
"ICcrality shculd be based not on hu
man nature la its exlstinr vitiated con
dition, but oa hnicsa nature. Ideal, as It
u-.ay be in the future.
"It is absurd to expect anything to
fellow death but absolute annihilation."
— The Kctaxe of Mas.
a DARING venture Into new fields
jlX of thought is always hailed as a
momentous event by scholars. But
when the explorer into the abstruse mys
teries of philosophy and higher science
has the power to make h:s discoveries not
only a rirh gift to the narrow cult of the
erudite, but a message clear and force
ful to be heard by the people, then he
has, indeed, achieved a preat work. This
has .-. Elie Metchnikoff done with his
book. "The Nature of Man."
It ts rarely that science and philosophy
link arms. Fro:n the time when Buddha
preached to his disciples his scheme of
life and the porch phiiosophfrs of Athens
soiipht to read the riddle of the universe
down to the present day of grace, the
world has se<-n its wise men who endeav
or'-d to chain the universe by a system
«'f major and rjfnor premises. Then in the
last century arose the school o* the scien
tists who attacked the creation v 'i'h scal
pel and microscope. Darwin preached his
jrreat sermon of thinps as they are. Wal
lace adde<? some afterthoughts. Huxley
and Fencer hrcan to r?ad science into
their philosophy. Hut now comes Meteh
r.IkofT. pupil of the preat Pasteur, himself
a physician, zoologist and botanlft, and
pivrs to the world a scheme for the phi
losophy of life which Is based upon the
fa^ts of science.
Other philosophers hare declared that
this was the worst of all possible worlds;
that the phenomenon of human existence
was a cruel joke of nati:re; that man's
only boon lay in his inevitable extinction.
Other scientists have decreed that man is
the freak chi!d of the anthropoid apes;
that he is the ultimate p lint of perfection
in the preat scheme of evolution; that he
must die like his kind, so that his body
will not encumber the earth when his use
fulness in the great scheme is spent.
Metchnikoff accepts some or these tenets,
modifies others, rejects still others and
adds to the total a distinctly new note,
which Is philosophical In conception and
scientific in proof.
Man is far from being physiologically
perfect, says Metchnikoff. From the xnany
apparer.t incongruities or "disharmonies"
of his body there arise a multitude of
physical and mental ailments, which has
ten old ape and a premature death. Death
Is feared by man above all the phenomena
of his existence. But is not death one of
the natural processes of nature? That
man should fear death more than sleep—
anoth»r natural process of nature — must
be due to these very disharmonies in his
physical constitution. Should man learn
to eradicate these disharmonies, trusting
to science alone to accomplish his purpose,
there would be no more fear of death.
Life would be prolonged many years then
and dissolution would only come when
the instinct of death overcame the indi
vidual whose vital organs had become
weakened, not through the ravages of
disease arising from these selfsame dis
harmonies, but as a result of the simple
course of nature.
"But to modify the human constitu
tion, it will be necessa:f first to frame
an Ideal and thereafter to set to work
with all of the resources of science. If
there can be formed no Ideal able to
unite mea In a kind or religion of the
future, the Ideal must be founded on sci
entific principles. And If It be true, as
has beea asserted so often, that maa
cannot live by faith alone, the faith
must be la the power or science.
"The normal end, comlns" after the ap
pearance of the instinct of death, may
truly be regarded as the ultimate goal
cf human existence.
"The true progrress ia human life coa
• icts la the elimination of the dishar
monies of human nature aad la the cul
tivation of physiological old axe followed
by natural death.
Str.king Philosophy.
continue to do It. every decade making
those blessed children perennially fresh."
Of all the fascinating adventures and ex
periences of the "Peppers." in which tha
young reader so delights none will sur
pass those contained in this latest vol
ume, tellins of their school days, which
was written In response to numerous re
quests from children In all parts of the
country; and 'Vive Little Peppers at
School" will fill every child's heart with
glee. „
(Lothrop Publishing Company. Boston;
illustrated; price. $1 2>.)
THE SUNDAY CAliL,
AMONG THE AUTHORS AND THEIR WORKS
6
AD V j-Ufi.* 1 rt r. nTTTNTB.
An admirabfo book which should bttath*
hands of §ver/ young man
The" Call
-OP THE-
Twentieth
Century
By David Starr Jordan. President of
Leland Stanford University, author ot
•The Blood of the Nation." etc 80 pp.
12mo. 60 cents net. Postage 0 cents
additional.
An outline of the work which the twen-
tieth century ts to see accomplished, and
of the character of the men who are to
assume the responsibilities of Its tanks.
Written in a strong, inspiring, manly way.
as a stimulus to the ambition of youn*
men — and. indeed, good for all who would
aim wisely to do "the day** work." Hand-
somely printed In two colors throughout,
and attractively bound — e> desirable vol-
ume for glf t-book purpose*. Society would
be done a aervice if this little volume so
full of wisdom and Inspiration, of sane
counsel and rare insight, could find its
way Into the minds and hearts of all
American youth.
THE BLOOD OF THE NATION
• BT THE SAME AUTHOR.
82 pp. 16mo. 40 cents net. Postage 4
cents additional.
A study of the decay of races through
the survival of the unfit. A powerful lit-
tle volume on a great and vital topic.
Oraer From Your Bookseller
AMERICAN UNITARIAN ASSOCIATION
25 Beacon Street. BostonTHIRST FOR NOVELTIES
He Was No Squealer
BEFORE Harshaw was 24 hours old
the thirty men who constituted Its
population were preparing to at
tend a funeral. A plains maverick,
Jed Slocum by name, was also ar
ranging f or ths «vent H« had drifted
into the gulch with the rush and a few
hours later had been caught robbing the
kit of a sleeping prospector.
Then Slocum reviewed his past. Like a
panorama his career passed before his
mental camera. His flight 'to tha West
was pictured and he saw himself skulking
In the shadows of tempting fortune in the
gambling hells of the mining camps, his
only comfort whisky. He roused himself
with . difficulty. Ho peered about. There
sat Bennett greasing the rope. The grave
diggers I were engaged In their gre wsomo
And we can trace back our blessings to their sources and recognize how
many persons have had a share in epreading our table and filling our cuo.
It is little short of marvelous how the humblest workingman to-day is the
object of the personal service of thousands of other persons in all parts of
the world. How could he eet his coal, his tea, his bread, his sugar, his
clothes were there not a vast army engaged in the production, transporta
tion and distribution of these absolute necessaries of existence.
To plan to make a happy Thanksgiving for others is the best kind of
preparation for the day. My grandfather used always on Thanksgiving mom
ing to give every aninial in the barn a double portion of provender. I know
a wcrnun of culture and refinement who last year declined several invitations
to homes of elegance in order to make a glad Thanksgiving feast for half a
dozen working girls. You may not be called upon to do that, but you
eight perhaps make a place at board for some needy, jkraely. one.
N o, you can't get up a first-class Thanksgiving dinner on the spur of the
moment, and you can't enter properly into the Thanksgiving spirit bv a sud
den spurt c: determination next Thursday morning. An article on Thanks
giving day, submitted to a magazine not long ago, contained this sentence:
"We are accustomed to reverence this day for his goodness which occurs but
once annually." Such a thought of the bounty of the Creator leads logi
cally to an expression of thanksgiving, "for this day only." Not so felt the
roble men who instituted this festival more than 225 years ago. "Having
ti;c c e many signs of God's favor and acceptances we thought it would be
great ingratitude if secrctlv we should smother up the same. And therefore
a solemn day was set apart wherein we returned glory, honor and praise."
thus speaks Governor Wtnslow of the Plymouth Colony, accounting for the
institution. It grew out of a spirit of appreciation and gratitude felt 365 days
in a vrar.
So we should have begun Ions ago to get ready for next Thursday and
yet there is time to count uo our mercies. Dweil a moment on what vou al
readv possess of material good. You would like more, but you are not
starring or terribly straitened. You can at least say as much as the converted
New York Bowery tough said when exhorted by the missionary to ask a
blessing before every meaL After considerable pressure he bowed his head
and prayed, "Oh, Lord, we thank thee for this grub even if we don't get
any more."
p>=? - 5 ~t|^ T Thj:rs<IaT ia multitudes of homes over this land
ir^i^SEKI h ? p . py famiIies wiu sit <lown together for their Thanks-
A^R*v5/^^YQ % "- ns feast - I »'or.der how many diners, as they look
'H'^O^Jlril up ? n Ir ' Turkcy in the P !ace of honor, flanked by the
i ytt^^fffcilL chickea ° ie anc^ r^ e arrav °f vegetables and goodies, will
r ;v7^j§*Vli p:mse to bestow cven a Passing thought of gratitude upon
* iii I i Mi t" c mother of the household or the cook in the kitchen.
through whose laborious efforts and careful planning such
a ciraer has been made possible. In the old days in New Enzland when
Thanksgiving completely overshadowed Christmas the days before the event
ful Thursday were marked by a buzz of preparation that was felt by every
member cf the household, from grandmother down to the latest occupant
cf the cradle. They used to begin on Sunday evening, after sundown, to
slaughter and dress the chickens, and on Monday morning the big stone
oven was warmed up. and from it for the next four days radiated appetizing
and tantalizing odors. As Eugene Field savs:
The very recollection of them puddln's and them pies
Brings a longin* to my bosom and the water to my eyes.
y^P? !^rrfl EARLY all of us know person* whose attitude is that of
/•^H^^Tfan constaQt yearninje for the novel. The special Joys and In-
P* terests of the summer are hardly ovsr before they begin to
*> i rcac k a^ ter the round of autumnal sports zs.d aincjs
'Cj hf^yjja ments. These ia turn lose their edje of dilisht before it
' s rcaIIy time t0 P' un S s * nt0 &" peculiar eayttics and di
n-7*~~—-7, in versions of winter. So on through the year these people
gallop from one fountain of pleasure to another. stopping
hardly long enough to slake their thirst and always craving something a
little more exciting. The newest story, the latest sensation at the theaters.
the most recent dictum of Dame Fashion bulk largest ia their thought. The
question most frequently on their lips is not "What have I now. what may
I enjoy this moment?" but "What's coming next?"
This craving is getting to be a marked characteristic of American life.
And with its emergence we are losing something of the old-time steadiness
and power of concentration and much of the former simplicity and dignity
of life. It has made itself felt in our most substantial institutions. It has
even crept into the church and produced a demand for a new voice in the
pulpit and for "modern methods." which term, by the way. covers a great
variety of new features, good, bad and indifferent, ranging from bright, at
tractive reading-rooms and gymnasiums to the somewhat questionable expe
dient of women ushers and a kind of vaudeville in the church parlors on
weekday evenings. As a nation we arc straining after the new. We mus:
beat yesterday's record somehow .or other. Our hotels must be a little more
gorgeous, our homes a little more palatial, our dishes a little more highly
spiced to-day than yesterday. .-¦¦''¦"¦-
To condemn utterly, this craving; would be absurd. It . means ia the
long run progress and a better civilization. But for the individual novelties
should be what condiments are to a feast. I know a : ' man whose firss
thought when he sits down to his meals is of pickles. Now that is not a
normal appetite. One ought to crave first of all good bread and butter,
meat and vegetables. -Then let the pickles and the other relishes come ia as
side dishes, not as the staole elements of the dinner.
One could not live without something to look forward to, but he ought
not to live entirely, upon his anticipations of the next frolic, the next out
ing, the next excitement The pleasures ahead of us — and let us hope they
are many for all of us— are designed to exercise in advance a certain charm,
but woe be to the man who finds his chief zest not in what he has. but in
what he may have, not in what he is. but in what he is to be. not in what he
is doing, but in what he expects to be doing on some future day.
The external world, it is true, is continually renewing and renovating it
telf. "Chance and chancre are busv ever." Man's eternal instinct for some
thing different is recognized and provided for in the succession of the sea
sons and in the differing glories of summer and winter, of seedtime and har
vest. But the same skies bend over us that arched themselves above wan
dering Abraham and his herdsmen. The fields clothe themselves in new gar
ments from year to year, the trees take on the brilliant hues of fall.' bet the
process goes on according to a fashion which has prevailed from generation
to generation and the world is not more beautiful to-day than on the morn
ing of creation. i.
Let not then the thirst for the novel dominate you. Believe that there
is still something of value in the old ways, the old truths, the old virtues,
the old books, the old friendships. One who allows the thirst for the novel
to grow upon him loses the ioy he might have in hi3 present work, over
looks the cup of blessing right at hand and misses the real prizes of life. ¦
THANKS WE DON'T GIVE
By the Parson.
Virility, or a viiforous manliness, is
a characteristic of the builders of our
nation. We do not always realize
that an important element in manli
ness is goodness. A manly thief or de
bauchee is an impossibility. Unim
peachable witnesses assure us that the
Pioneers, as well as the Pilgrims, were
a religious, church going people. Man
ly men to-day are following in their
footsteps and the best daily newspa-
ries : and present struggles lead us to
expect good results. The noble example
of our victorious predecessors has,
¦without doubt, lessened cowardice and
sloth in our land and so to-day in
spires us with a sure hope that brings
victories with it. We each one of us
have a war to wage with the lower self
and victory Is plainly possible, and
further, we may help others in their
conflict to victory. There are many
men whose lives are helping others.
One of these is Jacob Rlis, the suc
cessful warrior In the battle of the
slums inXew York City. Another Is
Booker Washington, the .champion who
is leading hosts of colored people to
larger and higher living. And Theo
dore Roosevelt, the intimate friend of
these two great men, exhibits the same
spirit, as he urges our nation to the
Btrenuous life of righteousness, which
means victory. Let us thank the god
of battles for the heroes df yesterday
and of to-day and of to-morrow. I am
aware of the fact that I have depart
ed from the usual custom of counting
at this season the blessings of the last
twelve months. I have felt that the
past, present, and future are so Inti
mately interwoven that our thanksgiv
ing must reach out from the glorious
present in both directions. The roots
of the "big trees" of our State reach
down deep underground and their
branches wave hundreds of feet above
the earth. Every year these trees add
one circle of new wood to the hundreds
telling the story of past years and each
circle Is larger than the preceding one.
Our State is growing In like manner:
reaching down into the dead past and
drawing life therefrom and reaching
high Into the realm of ideals and drink-
Ing in health and gladness. This year
California hfi-B added another circle to
her growth, and this yearfs circle is
the largest yet and tells of vast in
crease in wealth. In population, in rep
utation and, best of all, increase in
character and righteousness. Every
one of us may catalogue our mercies,
national and personal. The list will be
long for each of us: therefore we can
all unite on this glad day in Joyful
thanksgiving to God for his wonderful
goodness toward us. Gifts received
with true gratitude open up the way
for more and larger blessings. Let us
therefore with heartiest accord "praise
God, from whom all blessings flow."
This wedge-shaped letter V has in its
very form the promise of progress that
we feel when we see the sharp prow of
a swift vessel. Vision and virility point
to victory. Victory is a strong, glad
word — strong, for without struggle
there Is no victory; glad, for the
Joy of overcoming is the suprem
est happiness. The struggle for
existence has been fierce, and some
forms of animal life have ceased
to exist, but the better and more use
ful have been multiplied. Millions of
eheep replace the numerous wolves of
former days. However little we like
this process of elimination, we are
obliged to admit that the results are
good. Man, from the beginning, has
been forced to prove his right of exis
tence. He has won the victory over an
imals, though less in muscular power
than they. Man has fought against
man;, at first from the very lowest mo
tives, such as desire for revenge or for
booty. But if you study the wars of
history you will notice that more and
more a righteous motive, on at least
one side, has been the Impulse that led
to battle. The great wars of our coun
try have been struggles involving the
very highest moral Issues. Past victo-
pers give much apace . to religious In
terests. There were many bad men in
California in the -early days, but the
ruling spirits, represented by; the "Vig
ilance Committee," put themselves and
their State on record as agulnst un
righteousness.
In many ways these - heroes were
strong and to-day we offer our thanks
giving to their God and our God. . If
our present optimism Is justified. It
must be found to rest upon these same
foundations. And it Is true that good
ness, which is the harbinger of success,
is increasing In our land. Our last two
Presidents illustrate this tendency.
President McKlnley's dying reference
to the hymn, "Nearer, My God, to
Thee," invested those words with deep
er significance to multitudes, and every
week, in all parts of our country, this
doubly sacred hymn Is turning men's
hearts toward God. President Roose
velt's preaching— yes, preaching— of
righteousness has had a great Influence
upon our national life, and the good
ness of manliness and the manliness of
goodness are recognized and honored
to-day as never before. Read careful
ly the words of the Thanksgiving proc
lamation and note the strong religious
tone. I quote a part of this message
to the people: "It falls upon the Pres
ident to appoint a day of praise and
thanksgiving to God.
"During the last year the Lord has
dealt bountifully with us. • • •
"Therefore, in thanking God for the
mercies extended to us In the past, we
beseech him that he may not with
hold them in the future, and that our
hearts may be roused to war steadfast
ly for good and against all the forces of
evil, public and private. We pray for
strength and light, so that In the com
ing years we may with cleanliness,
fearlessness and wisdom do our allotted
work on the earth in such manner as to
chow that we are not altogether un
worthy of the blessings we have re
ceived." Such lives and words are In
spiring. For the strong, good men of
old and for worthy successors In
every station of life we render our
thanksgiving.
"Big" Rlley, the self constituted head
of the camp, looked on with amazement.
"Damn him!" he growled. "Why don't he
squeal?" ¦
Slocum heard him. "Squeal! Me squeal!"
he exclaimed. "Why. this Is what I came
West for. Life has been a failure. Why.
partners. I want to die! I'm ready to quit.
You're the best friends I've struck in the
Territory. Do the job right and I'll be
satisfied." _^
"Big" Riley was stumped. The maverick
appreciated the situation. "Don't you
worry. Rlley," he said, kindly. "Get hold
of that rope and pull hard."
"I'll see you blasted first," yelled the
leader. "You're too easy, and you're too
damned mean to die. I'll not help you.
Boys, let's call this thing oft. Let's give
him a chance."
The "boys" were willing. Bennett re
possessed himself of the rope and then
turned to the maverick. ."You'd better
skip," he said. .
"No skip for me." replied , Slocum. "I
like 'white men' too well to leave them."
The camp tolerated Slocum. He' did
his share of the preliminary work inci
dental to the organization of the camp.
He was elected recorder and his conduct
was so exemplait' that he was appointed
agent of the express company that es
tablished an office there in the early days
of the boom. In time he became the cus
todian of the funds of the men who had
voted to .hang him. When the time was
riDe for the establishment of a church he
headed the subscription list. He presided
at public meetings and was sent to the
Territorial convention as the representa
tive of the political views of the camp.
He was a steadfast advocate of law and
order Cards never tempted him and
liquor rarely passed his lips. From the
despised maverick he was transformed
into a leading citizen. He was elected to
the Legislature, and his crowning glory
was his selection as a delegate from Ari
sona to the national convention of his
party When he returned from the East
ern city In which the- convention was held
be was accompanied by a bright-faced
and cheery young woman— his wife.
The news of his marriage had preceded
him When the stage. In which he and
his bride were traveling from the rail
road to the camp, appeared at the head
of the gulch It was greeted with a volley
of lusty cheers- Anvils in which pow
der had been tamped roared a salute. The
camp's silver - cornet band played "8ee
the Conquering Hero Comes." The horses
were taken from the stage and a rope
was attached to the vehicle.; The bands
of a hundred enthusiastic admirers of the
former maverick seized the rope and at a
gallop hauled the stage to the hanging
tree. Beneath Its foliage, on an Impro
vised platform 81ocum stood and listened
task. Under a frowning limestone cliff
only a few feet away the court of Judge
Lynch was still In session.
"If I only had one more chance," the
maverick muttered. "There Is a chance
and I'll take It," h» finally said aloud,
and then his lips moved as If uttering a
prayer.
Two hours later Slocum was conducted
to the hanging tree. He was as reckless
as a war hero. He cursed his execution
ers and laughed In their solemn faces.
Bennett placed the greased noose about
his neck and adjusted it skillfully.
to "Big*" Bfley*! addreas ; cf welcoma,
"Big" Hfiey was Mayor of the camp and
bis raucous voice faltered when he look
ed at the object of his praise. "It Is fit
ting." he said, concluding his address,
"that on this spot we should greet our
distinguished fellow citizen and his beau
tlful bride. It was here that he founded
the camp and It was here that he first
endeared himself to the members of that
hardy little band by proving that he was
"A *s<iueal«r/ " Sloccxn answered softly.
"Is a man who Is afraid to play his hand
when the cards are stacked against him."
cot a *sauea!«r.' *• •
Blocum looked upward. A tv* xncaea
above bis head was a limb. Ita bark
was creased and the depression was la
the form of a circle. Aa Slocum raxed at
It his face paled. Hts- bride, har eyea
beaming with pride, whispered: "Dear,
what Is a 'squealer.' "
Prov. nix:lS — "tniaa there la no vis
ion, the people perish."
r^ry _ -<— zaHANKSGIViyG DAT
V^V-Mj^JSV* I reminds us, year by
''"&/ S Vv*-I >' ear - look back
1 , "•,»,>, I "H //*•*& ward. count our
:r^i$5>r^ blessings ar.d, with
1 \£X^rtHc|r-G, I latitude to the
"^"' •»iSL l i-' v^H Gl v er or every pood
»^J/~SMvj j g;ft. to look for
¦ 1 * M '«»'¦» -Rard with faith and
courage to a still better future, for the
years are surely bringing with them
better things.
We think to-day not only x>Z present
prosperity, but of the men who laid the
foundation for the great structure of
our national life. The Pi!rrim Fathers
of New England and the Pioneer Fath
ers of California, different as they were
in character, had many common traits,
such as love of liberty, dauntless deter
mination and especially the faculty of
looking forward with faith and hope
fulness. They were not satisfied with
the condition of affairs and they
lanced for a larger life. As a result
nf that dissatisfaction, coupled with a
capacity for work and the power to see
pr^at possibilities in the future, -we
ir.h^rit the glorious realities cf our
r-r^ent-day lives.
Every people that emerges from bar-
V'ari«:n has before ft a %islon of better
things. A vision of better things cam»
:• the founders of our nation and
State. We are grateful to God for the
vision of our fathers that has been so
largely realized in the magnificent
arhipvfmer.ts rf our nation and In the
gr!<">rious rrowth of our State.
Has this vision of better things
<-*-ased? Surely not. Californians are
believers in the future. If better
things are possible, we must make
them ours. Thi« vision also will be
r^'Azsi. The church shares this op-
Tirr.ism. Her eyes pee the great work
thut :s h<=rs and her hands are ready
an-i ber h^art glad: and the vision of
righteousness which alone truly and
permanently exalts a nation is urging
her to larger efforts, for well she
knows there are no '"bolter things"
vlthotxt religion, which is Itself a vis
ion of God and duty and an enlistment
in his service.
There never has b?en an inventor
who ha? not had a vision of what his
Invention would be. But vision alone
does not accomplish much unless It
prompts to vigorous action. The In
ventor sees the possibility and then
¦works for it. Through years If neces
rary. through many failures he perse
veres, keeping the vision before him,
knowing that hi« success Is not a mat
ter of chance. Xo one who tries to live
without working can be called manly.
The Pilgrims and the Pioneers were
rot shirker?, but workers. They were
men not afraid of any task. Deserts
and mountains and perils of land or
pea. instead of daunting their brave
hearts, added to their eagerness to
press on.
i
THE SUNDAY CAIiI*;
By H. A. Bridgeman.
VISION VIRILITY VICTORY
7uVntence. of-JlO.or ten flay* ~ Detective
Ackeray paid'the fine'."- '-•. ...,;. '.
In the corridor of the Ma*istrateV Court,,
he gave Nettie .what he would have been ¦
pleased to call "professional" -advice. -VSee, v
here, Net. the next time 't I chew the
rag with you about cuttiri' ¦ up, In . . the
streets an* booaln';'you want to listen— ,:
see?" " , " -..,-....' - -. ; _";" .; ; - ¦'• ¦ ".'. '; '- ; ?¦-.
. She did not listen the next time, nor the
time after, though it need not be doubted
that ehe was impressed— yes, and subdued*
and attracted— by the might.'and decision
of the prince. She had loved Harvey, I
mainly because -he had vanquished her
kinsmen." and a" little because " he had :
beaten her as often ns she needed It and .
not oftener.. In equal logic she ought to.
have loved the prince, mainly, because he
had vanquished Harvey, and a little bo
. cause, if he did not beat her to silence her
tongue, he: had discovered a method of
procedure, "which much ; more nearly
silenced It than anything that Harvey
had ever done; and the strong-point of
every woman is logic— the women in their
conventions and clubs say. so. " I3ut the'
Bccon^ strong pclnt of every .woman, is^- 1
her gift for concealing her logic. Nettie
Jeliffe concealed- hers, so far at least'as
" Detective Ackeray was concerned, as long •
as .in all human- endurance a woman'
could. ¦ " .." . . ':
She became an old offender In the,sev
eral magistrates courts in the j district
throughout which Detective Ackeray had
authority: The charge was always drunk
and disorderly, and the complainant al
ways Detective Ackeray; and'sometimes
as the months passed s>he had been drunk
and she had always been disorderly.'. She
could , not go back to . her kinsmen— her
mere .presence, reminded Llheni too/vlyidly
of an unpleasant incident, or 'coruscation
of incidents, which had taken place at the
moment of her. departure. She could not
retain; a position even when -ehe got one,
because of the .frequency with .which, sho
was under, arrest; and, i besides., the, {act
that she was Harvey; Jeliffe's* wife .was
not commonly regarded as a recommenda
tion. " "¦ :. V-* " ' ' :•>•¦"•"¦'¦'"' "
Ackeray. paid her fine, or let her pay It
herself, or work it tout,, as a' jockey might
gentle or punish, a "spirited ¦ horse which
he took pride in^training. .Whether he
paid her line.,or riot, he always repeated
to her. that 'the next ;t|mo- he, tried to
chew the i ag with her she t had better,
listen— see? Her absences from home and
her proved Intemperance made her an im
proper .guardian' for little-Blanche. When
the child was taken away. from. her. also
men who are sent - to prison do— In the
language of the pugilist, he gathered.him
self together. = Men who go to prison for
the first,; time have more: difficulty .In
achieving this feat than those' who have
been there before: but- to live at all suc
cessfully—and , even prisoners have their
standard . of success — all must' sooner or
later lilt upon a plan by which they, are
to deal with- their guards and fellow peni
tents with as little friction as possible.:
Even .with trio most careful there are
moments when ¦ they entirely forget their
philosophy and; do things which In. the
open they would never,' have been guilty
of.- Long Vonflnement will disturb the
mental equilibrium of any man; but all
must struggle, and do struggle, to live as
unobtrusive lives under the circumstance*
as - possible." • * \.' " ' .' ;'
!" -"Harvey Jeliffe, on arriving at the great
-^—penitentiary, knew with a., certainly
which would have. made some men com
fmlt suicide thaf he was. Innocent of the
'crime for wh!ch he had bean, convicted;
b'uf he knew 'also that it' waa no' use 'to
let this fact povernhis policy as a pris
oner. It was hot for him to ask the pris
on world how or why his conviction had
come jibout: it was for him to bo an ex
exemplary convict. And so, wondering'all
the while how things were going "on the
outside" and continually struggling with
an impatience at the way the world Is
made,- he worked, hard fortwo. years and
nine months to^get.a "goo* conduct" re
. durtion of his sentence. There remained
but a few. months more of. "confinement,
and they were to be the least irksome of
all, because- Harvey- had r climbed the
'heights -which "lead. to. the eminence of a
"trusty": he had become the errand boy
of the prisondoctor and was sent on com
missions to a"ll the different departments.
One. day, while on" an errand to the glove
department, he" met -an old J acquaintance
'who -had' recently. been commuted to the
institution, and he >asked him for the
news .of -the "outside."
. ."How :l3 the ipush •comin* tip?" *he
queried/ referring to his old ."pals.". Some
were "settled" (in .prisons, like himself),
he learned: 'others were dead, and still
j others were operating In new fields.
: , 'jWhafs I the, 1 matter with Net? I ain't
'heard anythin' from her for. two years."
"Ain't no s one . put you .next?" the new
comer •counter-questioned him.! ¦-, "¦" >
. "Next to what? l She ain't dead, is she?"
Detective Ackeray began his courtship
on a street corner and continued . it in a
station-house. He had deprived her of a
protector who did not protect; he wished
to provide her with another who would;
he had not hunted down Harvey out of
malice: it had been his business to work
up such evidence as there was and he had
done his business and got his reward,
and the prosecuting attorney, had done
the rest. These things he told her round
ly, with a manly straightforwardness that
should have touched the heart or the
imagination or fancy of- any woman.
When, instead of listening to him she re
viled.him with feminine finish, point and
fluency before a gathering crowd of.ehaf
llng auditors he proved himself a man to
be depended upon In an emergency, one
of the strong, dumb souls Carlyle and
Ruskln used to celebrate as natural lead
ers, and governors of men; heiprompt.y
placed her under arrest as drunk and dis
orderly. The next morning In court I she
sufficiently > demonstrated her disposition
to ; disorder by treating his : Honor
with an alternate haughtiness and elo
quence which made the audience behind
the rail titter and the double "bench of
bluecoats shake -with involuntary mirth.
The bailiff -cried •"Silence!"" and threat
ened to clear the court; his Honor Dasseu
succeeded In convicting H.irvey. alto-.
seiner on circumstantial evidence, and In
obtair.iiig a sentence for four years, she
cried still more bitterly/ "That was as it
should be. He liked her better because
she stuck 'to her man. The -farewell be
tween husband and wife was neither
heartbreaking nor , prolonged, but It was
"on-. the leveLV :„.,'.
"Take care o* the kid. Net.' old girl."
/Harvey said.., "I s m/ innocent all right.
'nouRh, but there' ain't no" need, for the
kid to know where'-I.am." ' '*. " ''•"*. ,'
' "I'll visit " you reg'Iar every : vlsltln'
flay,', 1 promised Nettle',. at the time really^
Intending to- keep her promise. "Remem-"'
ber, an'- make, good time, an' don't 'get;
into any rows. I'll take care o' Blanche, 1
so you don't nerd to worry. , You'll .write
me... won't _y,pu?" ¦. '
"Surt." '
"Kiss me good-by; y' ain't kissed me
since Blanche's/ last birthday. So long,
j Harvey!" And, the train and, Harvey
started for the Stir.
' : ¦ ¦' ,..,-*.**' ¦¦•'•: '¦
If Detective Ackeray. had been a mere
private citizen. and not a prince, or rather
a princeling, he must in mere decency "
have forborne for sonce time to -express
his admiration for Nettie Jeliffe. The
custom of an aristocracy is more direct;
the business of a prince and even, a
princeling requires haste, and their sub
stantial power ' makes haste possible.
Courtship in the given circumstances was
difficult, but courtship In the given cir
cumstances Js always difficult, and there
are no circumstances whatever in which
women have not been wooed and won.': 1 .'
"Lor.g-legged. leather-headed, front-of
fice stiff" Is* not a hackneyed term of en
dearment, and if Nettie Jeliffe had been
searching for a phrase by which to rec
ommend herself to Detective Ackeray's
esteem she might not have. hit upon K.
His taste, however, was mature and
sound. He did not mind hard words:
they do not lacerate the flesh. He mind
ed only bonnets and skirts with,feline
fiendish contents and it stands recorded
that whereas before Nettle Jeliffe had
ridiculed him he had pronounced her a
"clipper," after she had ridiculed him he
pronounced her emphatically a "corker."
No very definite Ideas are attached- to
either of these words, but they both ex
press admiration, and, "corker" is more
nearly extreme than "clipper."
Later Ackeray was heard to say, "That
little woman is too good for Jeliffe," and
to declare that he would do her a good
turn some time if he saw his wayi He
was not a man to split hairs. about what
he thought a good turn and what she
would think a good turn; it. she did not
know what was good for her, he did; it
vras not good for her to be beaten. When
he arrested Harvey "on suspicion" In
connection with the housebreaklng in
RIshworth place she cried more bitterly
than at any time when she had received
a beating— ehe took her beatings • f pr the
most part in haughty silence. "When he
Detective Ackeray was not hurt by the
frankness of Nettie Jellffe's speech;
neither did he find that it lessened her
"ladyship." On the contrary, he was old
fashioned enough to think a generous lie
a grace in womanhood and that a family
quarrel Js a sacred function so long as
the family stands ready to present a
united front against the intervention of
an outsider. -
"You jis* try to pinch my Harvey," she'
went on. "W'y, you long-legged, leather
headed, front-office stiff, I'd rather ,have
my Harvey kick me reg'Iar every morn-^
ing than drink a bottle o' sham with you
every night. You go home an* see 'f,
your own wife don't need a little troun
cin\"
The discipline was b*ing given in the
street, and Ackeray would not have been
a "fly" co? had he not believed it to be
his right to take a hand in all strc-t hap
penings. 'Harvey believed it to bo his
right to administer any chastisement that
he thought* his 'v/lfe needed wherever it
proved most -convenient. - - -
"This '.s my circus," he said defiantly
when Ackeray threatened to "pinch" him.
"You rubber too much with y'r neck, you
do. If you can't do anythin' bettor than
mix yourself in family affair?, why, I'll
help you to get 1 over the habit."
"I tell you those, too," Nettle declared;
boldly chamnloning her husband's right to
bring her up according to his best light,
"if you fly cops 'ud take care o* your own
fam'lies the way you try to take care of
other people's, you'd save more money.
You're an old woman, that's what you
are. I wouldn't be found dead llvln' with
you."
"Sock it to him!" "Hit him where . he
liven!" "Kick him out o* the street!" by-,
standers suggested, and Nettie was em
boldened to continue her "roasting."
«lld that which seemed o!e:isant In
bis own eyes, and what his heart lusted
for be took and kept with, a strung hand.
In particular his heart had lusted tor Net
tle IUx and he had taken her trom her
father and her brothers by dint of his
strong hand In their faces In what the
neighborhood called a "mix-up," which
occurred when he proposed for her.
To be cure his proposition was some
what sudden and was not couched in ac
cents that could in the least be celled typ
ical of the lover'* whining, wheedling def
erence toward the guardian dracrons of
his beloved. He had said with Homeric
simplicity, after having listened to the
family pretest against their main wage
earner being removed:
"You can stow that gas for nil me. Not
an* me Is goin* to tilt rlslit now. If >'.
ain't dead set on bein' sorry to part with
her y* can git away from that dcor. If
>' don't git away I'll walk trough y*.
and it might deregulate y'er msides."
It was then that the "mix-un" occurred.
Harvey "walked t'roush" Nettle's male
kinsmen, at all events, greatly to the dis
coloration of their outsides, and quite lit
erally brought away his bride. He had
not beaten her since more nor oftener
than she needed. She herself atood ready
to testify to this with every outward ac
companiment of rage the instant she
heard him accused: and nhe surely ought
to knew how often and to what extent
ehe was In need. Nettie was more than a
little good to look upon, and it Is possible
that her tolerance was great because, no
matter bow heavily he struck her. Har
vey was careful never to disfigure hei
face. They had one child— Dlanche— of
whom they were devotedly fond.
Detective Ackeray was not given to
what the young lady novelists would call
assorted sentiment. He had heard mem
bers of the officially gentler sex cry out
Insults, to which nothing but a good drub
bing Is an answer, and that an insufficient
one; and had seen women tantalize a man
to deal the blow which would dishonor
him. until from the point of view of a
member t.f the force he thought the blow
had been earned and ought to be deliver
ed. "A lady that ain't a lady and can't
act like a lady don't deserve to be treated
like a lady," he had once been heard to
declare between his teeth as he bundled
a bonnet and skirt, etc., roughly Into a
patrol wagon. To be sure, the exaspera
tion had bet-n extreme. The bonnet and
Ekirt had behaved more a3 if they con
tained a large number of the cat species
than a woman, and one side of Detective
Ackeray's face had been laid open in
broad bands from eye to chin. The point
is. however, that Nettie Jeliffe did act
like a lady, according to Detective Acker
ay's standard at least, and that be once
happened to be present when Harvey
Jeliffe was executing a bit of matrimon
ial discipline and threatened to "run him
In."
(Copyright, by McClure. Phillips & Co.)
Its the life that preceded his time of
bondage Harvey Jeliffe was rot a man
who coveted or, indeed, w'.io savt.
great occasion for commiseration. He
Of course. Miss Mabel Hastings had to
get her pet, and, of course, as the kitten
would not come at her call, the only way
was to go- into the studio after it.
She found It after-a considerable search
Bitting serenely beneath the bis rha.r
under the long studio window. "With the
kitten safe in her arms, she should have
cone back- to her intt^rrupted work, fane
did not. however. She listened to the
voice of the tempter, who to id her that
her opportunity was come at last, that
having seen so much, it was no harm -o
see a little more and that no one would
know. 1 She had wanted for a long wh.le
to know what Graham's studio, was li-.ee,
and if it suited with him. and a number
of other things. . ~
It is the first step that counts. From
a general survey Miss Hastings descend
ed to a particular examination. She tip
toed across the room, glanced at the
books, and inspected the Japanese ivories
in a cabinet on the. wall. Then, having
Imbrued one finger, as it were, and noth
ing having happened, there seemed to be
no reason why she should not; d'p In her
whole hand. Besides, if Graham should
come.- she-had tha. kitten for excuse. - It
was to the kitten she talked as we wan
dered about.- ¦ •: '
."He wouldn't. care at my looking at his,
p'ctures. kitty," she confided as she rum
maged in a stack of canvases "andany
way if he doesn't: want them looked at,
why does he- put them with their faces.
to the wall? He ought to knew that that
would make any onc-any one desire to see
them. I wonder If they are rejected pic
tures, and if he hates, to see them as I
do that pile of rejected stories of mine.
Perhaps that is why he leaves them
wrong side out. Hum! 'Spring Scene'
rVther good. I should say. 'Italian Peas
antSrfll don't think much of her. Old
man with pipe, moonlight or sunrise, or
something; It's pretty, but I can't make
t Tut. St look at the dust behind them,
too. It's all over my- skirt. It would be
» give-away If he should come-only I d
say I got It hunting for you. Did you ever
Se anything like this table. Dot? I wish
I dared straighten It up. He needs some
one to 'keep thln ga in order. Bachelors
are so untidy, which shows that the>
were never intended by. heaven to remain
bachetors. for order is heaven's first law.
It must be nice, though, to fcel above
obeying it." .
She moved about the room as she
talked studying the sketches on the wall,
te-tins the softness of the divan" .feeling
tne texture of the tapestries .running her
tlngers along the mantel shelf and looking
nt it with mock horror.
"It's just the kind of studio I thought
he'd have. Dotlets. It's just like him
bi" and sunny, and not too many books,
no'r too many curios, nor cluttered up
wUh furniture. I don't like a finicky
man. nor a " bcoky man. and he isn't
elthtr I knew he wasn't. Is that the
models throne over there.. I wonder-that
platform? It. doesn't s«m to. have been
used much, and yet he s- been palntlns
this morning. I'm going to see what, It Is.,
It's covered by a curtain, but— a peep
won't hurt any one." ;/ '^'I "\
The easel stood In the corner by a» table
littered with half-squeezed tubes, brushes,
paltttes and paint rags, as if the painter
had thrown them down In a sudden heat
of. exasperation 'over the inadequacy of
. -.jlabel drew the -curtain' from the p!c
| turc, and then sat down hastily on the
painting stool. It- was her own picture
she was looking at. Her own, and yet
not her own. Not the everyday, story
writing, money-worried Mabel Hastings
whom her looking glass reflected, but a
girl clad in some soft, exquisite, clinging
Eastern fabric, reclining gracefully in a
deep "chair of inlaid- ebony.. There were
"f Jewels gleaming In the meshes of her
— — V ¦' ;¦ '^" ' ¦ t was -the kitten who
p^'rSfiiiSiiS'i?! began .it, the Maltese
F^iSu{f Wttcn whose name was
il^i-^^isi^'s Dot - thou s h u Tva3 us "
I'^fpflj'a^hf'H ually called by any en
' ¦ fwCTt3)^'ii dear:n5 PP' 1 " 1 -' 1 which
f Ij^^i^^Syfi IS came handy. It ought
J^^fwsk^w^sS rot to have tired f>t
'.the' paper ball provided for it. ncr gone
on "a tour of exploration Into the hall, nor
then .'into .'Graham's studio. ".. But, the last
was Graham's fault, because he had neg
lected, to close the studio door when he
went out. "
It was some minutes later that Mabel
thought to look for thn Maltese kitten,
which had somehow tumbled to the floor.
"When you retouch the picture. Ned-
Ned, dear." she said, "couldn't you put
Dot In somewhere? I think Dotleta de
serves a reward, don't you?**
And Graham agreed.
"It would take a lifetime."
"I don't think I'd mind so very much
if It did." whispered Miss Mabel Hast
ings, "not even if it took forever."
"The mouth !¦ wrong, you said, and
the eyes. I couldn't let anything wrong
go out."
"You might correct it."
"Destroy it— or rather let you, for I
can't. You see my whole heart and skill
have gone Into it. All my dreams, and
hopes, and ideals — and I can't." He
handed the knife to her.
She took it. but did not use it "I don't
know how," she said, "and I don't think
I want to. Can't I have it? It's my pic
ture." .
"Why — any one can see it is. It's hard
ly brave of you to try to get out of It
that way. It's just Ilka me."
"It is a beautiful face."
"I didn't mean that." she cried hotly,
"and if it is. you had no right to make
me beautiful, nor to give me those
things— or to paint me at all."
"I suppose I hadn*t." Graham reached
about for a palette knife and found It.
"What are you goins to do?" asked
Mabel faintly. ,> ::•/¦
She deigned no answer. "Isn't It usual
to ask the sitter's permission before
painting them?" she said coldly.
1 "How do you know it is you?"
Mabel jumped, and felt the blood surg.
ing up into her facs. Graham was stand
ins by the easel, smiling down at her.
"I— I -ame after my cat," she said con
fusedly. "It came in here, and I had to
get it. You left your door open, you
know, anu " Miss Hastings rallied her
forces for a defensive attack — "and then
I saw this picture — a picture of me."
•"I thought I left It covered," said Gra
ham. * V • -
"Do you suppose he painted me because
he wanted to— because he liked me. and
wanted me to have beautiful things, or
just to make, a picture that would sell?
He needs me to ait for him, though. That
mouth is not quite right— and the eyes—'*
"That's what's bothering ms, the eyes,"
cakl a voice. "I knew they were not
right, but I've had so little chance to ob
serve^ "
coiled hair, and row upon row of pearls
'clasped the delicately curved throat. Her
har.ds we;e piayir.g with the roses la her
lap. her eyes were dreamy.
"Now. how did he know, Katlnka, that
I cared for roses," said Mabel." when,
after the first moments of surprise, she
settled herself in critical delight, chin in
hand, before the picture, "and such roses:
—dream roses! Just opening to the June
air. How did he know- if it is me. I sup
pose it isn't me really, but I like to think
It is— and indeed it Iook3 like me. or as I
might" lcok if I had beautiful things and
dwelt In a fairy palaee. Only I'm afraid,
kit, that I'm not half so pretty as that
girl. She hasn't any bother about making
her purse lit her necessities, nor trying
to make stories end nicely. I don't think
she writes at all. that girl — there's no Ink
c:i her Kngt rs. And yet I just know It is.
and I'm rather glad — only, of course. It's
horribly impertinent In him, you can't
know how impertinent.
"And the pearls? Did he pot them
arcund tcy r.fcU for effect or to show
how well he could paint them? Maybe—
maybe he wanted just^to give them to me.
It was very extravagant of him, kit. Tro,
sure he can't afford them, and of course
I csm't accent them. I'll have to say I'm
greatly obliged, but I couldn't think of
accepting them — only I'd like to.
"Then, too, there's nothing I could give
him in return— at least nothing he'd want.
I can't make him any nicer than he is,
nr.'l so in our stories I put him in just as
I see him— only sometimes he's rich and
sometimes poor, and sometimes a soldier
and sometimes an artist. I don't know
why he will insTst on getting into my sto
ries, but he docs. That's all I can do for
him, Fuzzlkins, and that isn't much— for
they often reject him. The editors, being
crusty and cantankerous, and homely old
bachelors, are probably jealous. If — If I
were an editor. Katinka, and he should
come for my acceptance, I don't think I'd
reject him — only I'm not an editor, and so
he'll never know.
By T.' B. Wrigk*.
ON THE TRAIL
OF A MALTESE
It has be»n remarked in the first part
of .this tale that Harvey Jeliffe, on be
coming a penitent in the great peni
tentiary, had no notion or Intention of
ever ; bidding /for' the notoriety that has
come to him in later years as the Prison
Demon. He went to the Stir originally
with the idea of getting all the "good
time" that the law allows a man who
baa bew sentenced to four years and
•f keeping; oat of all rows, as his wife
bad adrlMML Be did that which all wise
Thre.e months afterward she was legally
and_ absolutely separated . from Harvey
and* was married to a man whom she ad
dressed sometimes as "George," sometimes
as "dear," and little Blanche, who was
restored to h£r home, was outspoken' in
her approval of her new papa. "Detective
Ackeray • was "George." He was also
dear^ . r •¦ *-Y, -i ; '
at the instigation of Detective Ackeray.
Nettle Jeliffe listened. ' . ... Cr*-~*>V.
"No. she's 'live an' klckln' yet. but that
fly cop Ackeray ' has tied up with her.
They're married."
¦^ri^^'Ackeray, too. Calls
h A KSk appeared just then, and the
convention was broken off- It had been
successful, however: Harvey wa^
"news." and he had got Ther-^were
other trips to the. glove department to se
cure the details of the story by word or
mouth, but . his own j lmagin ttloa had
patched them together for «">»»""
had learned the main fact, which was
that Ackeray "had done him dirt. Tne
unmerited conviction and imprisonment
became for him now part of a general
scheme to "ditch" him.' The Injustice of
the punishment had troubled him and
"made it hard to obey the rules, but he naa
conquered/ the temptation to be unruly. He
had been puzzled by Nettle's refusal to
write, but he had not -connected Ackeray
with her neglect of him.
In ah indefinite way he had planned
Feme day to settle accounts with Ackeray
•'for 'the part he had played in his (Har
vey's) misfortunes, but, the thought of
ways and means had not captured bis
mind; that could be attended to after he
had secured his reduction of sentence.
Had he been "outside" even the news of
Ackeray's -theft of his wife and child
might possibly have been as • reasonably
considered as had been the conviction that
he "•was" unjustly a prisoner. Men of Har
vey's stamp are much calmer in the open
than In the Stir, and marriages and
divorces take on- no such final propor
tions. . It had taken all of Harvey's good
sense, however, to be a model 'penitent,
and the .complete revelation of Ackeray s
duplicity fired him with. a, desire for re
venge. Henceforth his one passion was
to meet Ackeray. He still remained a
"trusty": good behavior had become au
tomatic with him: but his ambition was
no longer simply to be released. He spoke
to the warden and the guard3 of his wish
to have a talk with Ackeray. He said
tho» there '- was a suspended sentence
hanging over him in another court, and
he wanted to know if Ackeray would be
willing "to fix things up for him."
"He's the ' .ly fellow that can straight
en the matter out." he explained to the
"warden, "and I want to have a talk with
him."
"You're afraid you'll be arrested on b»*
Ing turned loose from here, la that ltr*
asked the warden.
"That's exactly It," eald Harvey, "and
I thlnic If Ackeray '11 go to the front for
me I won't be bothered."
"All right. Ackeray's goln' to brine 10ms
prisoners here In a day or so. an' I'll let
him know."
Three days later Detective Ackeray ar
rived at the great penitentiary with
a batch of penitents, for whose body he
was given a receipt by the warden. He
was Informed of Harvey's desire for a
talk with htm and was Immediately Im
pressed with the Importance to himself
of such a talk. Possibly he might find
It to his advantage to arrange matters so
that the alleged suspended sentence
should b« carried out.
"Sure. I'll see htm." he said to the
warden. "Where la he T*
"You'll probably find him over la the
doctor's office. Take him Into the gar
den if you want to be private and tell the
doctor I said it would be all right."
The meeting took place in the doctor's
office. The doctor was In another part of
the prison and Harvey had been left in
charge. No one heard the conversation
between the two men. and only two of
the guards knew anything about their
being together. Whether Harvey made
v*e of his "suspended sentence" story or
charged Ackeray Immediately with foul
treatment of him has never been decided.
The two men were In conference, accord-
Ing to the testimony of the guards, about
half an hour, and it seems reasonable to
suppose that Harvey could only have In
terested Ackeray this length of time by
reference to the suspended sentence, but
In view of what happened one is Justlfled
In wondering why he should have wanted
to interest him at alL Harvey himself
ha3 persistently refused to make any
statement one way or the other. When
the doctor returned to his ofilce Harvey
¦was found sitting in a pool of blood oa
the floor, cutting into small bits with a
surgeon's knife the heart of Detective
Ackeray. who lay dead and mutilated la
ft, corner of the room.
At the trial it was reported that Har
vey had mumbled to himself as he cut.
"So much for so much: for that and for
that." but no intelligible interpretation of
these expressions could be discovered, and
they were eventually accepted as contrib
utory evidence of hia insanity.
THE SUNDAY GALL.
THE DEMON
OF THE PRISON
8Sunday Call
Women and Children's Sectionsmooth floor, no insects, ' no crackling
leaves, no dirt. What Is that?"
It was the odd, whinnying call of a loon.
Suzette heard It end smiled. Jean was
down there by the river waiting for her.
He had adopted that call when they were
children together nearly ten years before,
because Jean had said he was always a
loon when in her presence. '".-•'.",".
For a moment a troubled look came to
her face. She did not like to disappoint
Jean, or to keep him waiting: he was
such a good fellow. Then the trouble left
her eyes, and she" was again «smlltag. Jean
did not know anything about Paris, and
what was more he did not care to learn.
So an hour went by before' monsieur
rose gracefully from the stone upon
which they had' b*en slttlnr. *nd >*"&
many flourishes excused himself and went
tripping daintily and -disdainfully over
the crackling leaves' toward his boarding
place. Suz.ett« watched him thoughtfully
until he was out of sight, then ro«e and
walked down to the rlvtr.
Jean was waiting for her, as she knew
he would - be, lying upon the bank and
gazing ; rather moodily into the water.
But at her t approach he was instanCy
upon bis feet,' smiling again and happy.
"You were with monsljeur?", he
people have to work there?**
"The people we hire do, but not us. We
put our hands Into our pockets and take
out silver and give lt to them, and they
do everything." ¦
Suzette shook her head skeptically.
"That is extravagant, monsieur," she
rebuked.' "It Is cheaper to work than to
hire. I know that We never hire unless
we have more work than wa can do our
selves."
Her chin dropped upon her hand end
she gazed out among the great Canadian
pines, her thoughts in her eyes.
"Beautiful, beautiful," she murmured.
"Oh, I should like to see your chateau,
monsieur, and Paris glittering at night,
and the boulevards and automobile end
all. I do not understand how you could
leave so much." ¦ .
Monsieur hesitated a little, then swung
his hand In a wide Imaginary circle.
"It was my people," he said. "They
thought lt best for me to— to go away a
little while. They wanted me to see the
world, you know. But now Z shall return
very soon. They write that It Is all rig&t
for me to do so. And I will take you with
me, ma belle, to my chateau and beauti
ful Paris. They do not have rough walk-
Ing like this," kicking at a piece of broken
limb contarnp.tuously, "Xt la fUl Wee a
The next day was a holiday," end every
body went into the woods on a basket
picnic i Jean sought Buzette at once and
kept persistently by her side, soon lead
ing her into a shaded path In the deeper
woods.'. As they.' moved away monsieur
lolata them, Je»a looked, at l^cbaUenjc.
"Yes," eagerly; "and now there Is noth
ing to do but furnish it. I have 942, you
know. ; You must go down and ..help me
select the - things. I We will ¦ want a cook*
Ing stave. That wlir.be $12. 'for I went
yesterdey'to see. J Then six chairs will be
$7, and a rocking chair for you will be $2
more. I do not know about the dishes
and such things. You:wlll have to select
them. But there will be money enough.'!'
"Yes, plenty," agreed Suzette absently.
"Yes, he talked about such beautiful
things. Oh, Jean, I would like to see that
Paris."
. "It is not more beautiful than this,"
said Jean, sweeping his hand along the
broad course of the river, with Its wind
ing banks. "But never mind Paris and
the river Just now. I have something else
to say. My cabin Is finished," looking, at
her with joyous eyes. "I hung the last
door this morning."
"Isn't that nice?" rather listlessly. She
was thinking of Paris. ;
."But look et your own," cried monsieur
diasrcatefily, "you're muddy to tha kssea."
.Suzette was about to follow, but Jean
was by her side, and- in a perfectly nat
ural, matter-of-fact way he lifted her In
his arms and carried her to the firm
ground beyond.
"There you are," he said cheerily, "with
not as much as a splatter of mud on your
shoes."
Ingly. He was the first man to Join Su
zette, and monsieur the second; If either
left it must be monsieur. So the three
walked on together.
Deeper and more shadowy the path be
came, and at length they arrived at a de
pression which had been a brook not so
very long before, but which had now dried
to three or four yards wide of soft mud.
Monsieur looked at It discontentedly.
"We will have to mire through, I
suppose," he grumbled. "That's the
trouble with this abominable country,
you're always running up against things
like this. We must walk as carefully as
we can, ma belle. Perhaps you can fol
low. In my footsteps. See, I shall try to
walk on my heels," and he stepped care
fully into the mud, picking his way so as
to get as little as possible upon his shoes.
(Copyright, 1903, by T. O. McClureJ
f>~ C-r^, ,r-^ 3& ES> lt ** Uke heaven,
H f^^^^^l this Paris," monsieur
(jJX^Q&fl&ffi saJdi hls e * e8 BbinlBR*;
>f?^Jslf«f?j% ryland. It is dancing
Vjvf)/^C^VJ>/B and feasting, lovemak
>wrw^^M»mfc"^^Hpffi Ing and flowers and
music, driving on the boulevards and
walking In the parks, beautiful women
and gallant men. rich dresses end glit
tering Jewels end languishing eyes. Ma
belle Buzette, you do not know, you can
not understand until I take you to see."
"It must be fine— fine," murmured pret
ty Buzette, clasping and unclasping her
brown. Industrious fingers.
"Very fine," assented monsieur, smil
ing down Into her, dreamy eyes. "You
have told me some of your visions of
beautiful things, but .they all fall below
Perls, far below. And why -not, for you
have not seen. No one can dream Paris.
But you shall see, ma belle, very soon.
My chateau li la the suburbs, and the
whole city et night glitters before the
windows. We will fly along the boule
vards In our automobile, or glide down
the Seine In our cushioned boat." ¦
"But when does the work eome?"
jruortJonefl Buwttjj cyrioualy, '3>o not
SUZETTE
Frank H. Sweet
A good way to avoid taking any chances
Is to put about two cupfuls of boiling
water into the pan and then baste faith
fully every fifteen minutes for full three
hours. By the way, for basting use but
ter that has been melted In water twice
its ouantity. and after the fat commences
Some like the bird rubbed well with
salt and. then butter, while others fancy
there is nothing quite as nice as a paste
made of one-third cup creamed butter and
one-tourth cup of flour seasoned with a
little sage and white pepper. Then the
turkey Is placed in a hot oven and basted
with the fat that is in the pan. Be care
ful to sse that it does not burn, for the
slightest suspicion permeates the entire
bird and everything that it comes In con
tact with, for that matter.
and prettiest fashion Is to cut the bread
boxes in the shape of a basket, with tiny
handles, and see that each one has a
cover. Then the oysters may be put in
them, a few olives added to give a touch
of green, a bit of radish to lend a dash of
red, and the whole covered with the lid.
Of course, everybody has their grand
mother's recipe for roasting a turkey, and
Thanksgiving wouldn't seem one little bit
like Thanksgiving if the dressing were
missing or the gravy flavored with some
thing else.
on top or scalded milk and cooked first
on or.« Bide and then on the other. > As
lo"ng as they cling to each other they-are
not done ,and should not be dropped Into
the soup plates, as they will melt and
make the clear broth muddy and murky
looiiiDg. . ¦-;•¦
And bread", by the way; is not used In
the shape that it used to be. Small, hard
cones with a crust .are generally found
on the breed nlates and they are broken
up as one breaks a bit from a French
loaf. A good way to make them at home
is to tf\ e a loaf of Dread and remove
And what a difference there is In serv
ing. Therein lies the secret of at least
half the dinner. Of course, It roes with
out saylcg that vegetables, gravy and the
like are placed upon a tray and passed
to th* left of each person, so that they
may belo fbttBKlves. But If the tray 13
cot >e!d ktjjjtft _flv» laches afroya ttt
If It chanced to ba the table where the
turkey Is served the carver's cover, am
ple enough to protect the polished wood
end to afford room for the "rests," carv
ing knife and fork, are about all that is
necessary. The steel Is not placed on the
table, as the knife is supposed to have
been whetted suficlently before rtirm»r is
served. Bait and pepper cruets' are placed
for every guest, and to the left over the
forks are placed the bread and butter
plates. Just the same as they are ordinar
ily placed for e dinner or luncheon.
The Jelly dishes, olives end pickles are
placed about where there is enough space
for them, end are then passed, es it li
ever eo much more pleasant to have ell
things passed that do not require divid
ing.
fy l"CH a dinner -would make any one
Vq. happy for several hours, no matter
v*| how blase one might be. And
f"*^ when it Is served at different ta
* bles with different partners to look
et p.rA chat ¦with the fascination is in
creaFcii twofold.
A short time ago it was all the rage
to give dinners ar.d have the various
courses served in the neighborhood, but
every time the course was changed, so
was the house, and as it meant not a lit
tle driving it also meant not a little fun
and merriment. •
H'Jt at the same time it also meant a
treat deal of trouble and after one or
two the novelty wore c3 and they were
a decided nuisance. Just about the time
all were comfortably seated and enjoy
ing life they 'were bundled uncere
moniously off to another place, whether
they liked It or not.
Eut now the progressive dinner has
been reduced to a science and the reason
of it is that it is given in one home
and in the same room. If it chances to
be large enough, otherwise virtually all
over the house.
As a rule round tables are selected, as
they can be much more easily decorated
ar.d are in themselves more attractive to
look upon. No cloth is used and the lace
doilies and polished surface is a splendid
background for silver and crystal.
Flowers are always used for decorations
and nothing could be sweeter or more
simple. A bowl in the center, and. by
the way, see to it that It is either tow or
high, so that tha guests may look each
ether squarely in the face- without dodg
ing hither and thither, filled with a solid
color Is more popular, as the name cards
may ha carried out in t*"» same tones and
the t»w« express a bright, warm red or
& sott pink ra fh<>r ~*fr n n a. combination of
the two.
However, about Thanksgiving time,
•when there are seven or eight tables to
dress in distinctive colors, ribbon an
trwers beautifully as a substitute, and
about the awellest yet easiest thing to
fashion Is a great soft bow that Is set in
the mM/\\* of th© board. Of course, the
ribbon should be broad, and It makes a
much richer appearance If it is of satin,
as the luster adds its mite V> the splen
dor. To be sure, it would droop In a
very foolish fashion If tiny covered wires
were not run through it and then It may
be bent la any shape that pleases one's
fancy the most.
A deep yellow or a rich red are the
best colors to utilize- In this way, as they
ara stronger tones and make much more
of an impression than a dainty blue or a
pale lavender, or even white, for one of
the main things about this fad is the sur
prise and the pleasure that it Is always
certain to give on entering the room.
There Isn't half the care In setting the
tables for the progressive dinner as there
Is for the formal one, and there Is no In
terlining and dinner cloth to worry about,
end the silver, china and crystal axe for
cne course only, end not part of a com.
pllc/Lted whole.
Cirn CodCill- "Water Cracker*.
Consomme Duches*. To«.Bt«d Bread.
S'-uZcd Olives. Salted Almonds.
Oysters Scalloped.
Toast Turkey V.'lth Bread and Better
Stuffing.
Giblet Fauce. Cranberry Jelly.
Stuped Onio?i*.
£t*wed Celery.
ST3o*6trlc{r Potatoes,
Eroi'ed Quail "With Bread Bauce.
It<?<! Tomatoes Stuffed With Shrimps.
ErKlish I'lu-n Pudding. Hard Bauce.
ll:nee and Lemon Pie.
Vanilla Ire Cream.
Almond Clove Cra.ekllncs.
Candies. FYtrit. CoCee.
Apricot Brandy.
A grood soup to eerve Is made of one
quart of consomme. The whites of three
egrga are then taken and beaten until Btlff.
when the froth Is dropped, by spoonfuls
And then comes the part of thinking
out how each courBe shall be cooked and
served and in thJs manner Is shown the
originality of the hostess. While all din
ners may be good they may also be dead
ly commonplace, and no one particularly
cares to sit down to an ordinary every
day meal that might be prepared quite
as well In their own apartments.
For instance, clam cocktails are more
of a novelty than oyster cocktails, and
they are quite as easy to make. Open
about Eix little neck clams and drop them
with their juice, into a cocktail class
Then mix a little lemon juice a tea
epoonful of Worcestershire sauce, a drop
or eo of tabasco eauce and 6ervel
Some people like horseradish with oys
ters or clams, and It is as well to add a
teaspoonful on the side and they may
do as they like best concerning it. And
in th« matter of bread and crackers it
Is the same. Now and then lettuce sand
wiches are served, but the crisp water
crackers are more dainty and not quite
as filling, and that should be taken Into
consideration when there are eoma eight
or nine courses to follow.
Never permit a dinner to extend over
two hours for that is as much time as
the majority of people care to sit at the
table, although with the changing of seats
every fifteen minutes cr eo some little
time is merrily wasted' and the guests
have an opportunity to move about freely
and eo in a measure rest themselves.
.There is one drawback to this novel
dinner" and In many instances ft iV a
most serious one. Instead of:two maids,
and they can serve ten or twelve people
nicely, one is needed for every room, un
less the hostess Is clever enough to time
the courses so that one table may be
t-ating: while the other is b«;ng served.
But this is most difficult to successfully
accomplish and unless one fcas a splen
didly trained butler or maid one would
better not try it, for the least anxiety or
show of flurry always affects the guests
and their spirits are dampened accord
ingly.
What one eats certainly has a great
deal to do with the joys of an evening,
hut the entertaining talker or the clever
story teller is quite as necessary, aifd the
hostess who would make an enviable
name for herself will soon find out that
they are quite as indispensable as appe
tizing food.
The progressive dinner is not nearly as
formal an affair as the regulation one,
and no hostess need give the details such
an amount of worrying or fretting over,
although the manner of serving and the
assigning of guests to their places should
never be neglected for a single instant.
table It Is at a dangerous point, as well
as a very uncomfortable one, and there
Is great danger of soiling both the linen
and the frocks.
**Oh, It doesn't urnttiT about me," re
sponded Jean Indifferently.
A little farther en they came to a broad.
flat "rock which looked so tnvtting that
even monsieur made for It with returning
good nature.
•This is better," he said. "I have rocks
like this on the chateau grounds at home,
with roses drooping over them. When
you go there, ma belle, we—"
•Tes, I know it is beautiful." Interrupt
ed Suzettte pensively, 'Taut I «h«M! never
see It, monsieur."
"Ma foi. yes." eagerly. "Just as sooa
as I get another letter we will start."
But Suzette shook her head, dropping
her lashes to veil something which aha
was afraid might ehow in her eyes
"No. no, monsieur," she persisted- "I
shall marry Jean, and it Is not so easy
for two to travel at one. It costs more,
I have been thinking it over and I know
I would never be able to take care of a
chateau. You say we would not work,
then things would get untidy and I could
not be as extravagant as to hire help to
do work that I could do myself. Here It
is different. I can take care of a caM?
for I know how to sweep and cook. Jffj
—and there is another thing, monsieur "
evidently forcing herself to say something
which she found very difficult, •*!— I Uke
Jean better than any one else."
to simmer down use tnat. for It turns th»
turkey a beautiful, tempting brown. I
There Is always one caution about roast
ing fowl of any kind, and that Is don"t
let It dry up. When the b!rd begins to
brown too much on one side turn It over
and keep on turning and basting, and if
It eeems to be cooking too fast, cover It
with a big pan so that the heat may not
cook it so fast. Then It will retain aU Its
juice and be moist and delicious.
Bread and butter dressing Is bo simple
that any one could make It, but glblet
sauce Is more complicated and requires
more skllL In the first place, pour oft
the liquid In which the turkey was roast
ed and skim oft six tablespoonfuls of fat.
Then put the fat back In the pan and
stir in as many tablespoonfuls of flour.
"When this is smooth gradually pour oa
three cups of stock In which the giblets
have been cooked. The rest Is simple.
Cook about five minutes, season with salt
and pepper and strain. The giblets them
selves may be added, chopped up la tiny
bits, but they thicken tha gravy and
seem to give the idea "of more meat, so
it Is quite as well to leave them out.
Quail Is cooked much like turkey. Inas
much as It 13 rubbed with butter, sprink^
led with salt and pepper and well covered
with flour. But tha length of cooking Is
vastly different. Where one takes three
hours .the other requires at most not
more than fifteen minutes, and small ones
do not need more than ten.
They are especially appetizing when
served en toasted bread on a bed of crisp
lettuce, for then the garnishlngs add so
much that they look as though they
would fairly melt In th© mouth and. of
a truth, when they are cooked and served
properly are a dlsb fit to set before a
king.
Iced tociatoes ara a tempting dish and
one that Is very easy to concoct. First
of all. firm tomatoes must be cnosen and
then dipped In hot water for a minute so
that the peel will slip off without break
ing or marring their roundness. The cen
ter Is scooped out and they are put on
Ice to freeze. Then comes tha dressing
part. Take- as many shrimps as you
deem necessary and shell them carefully
In order to get as much meat from them
as possible. To this is added a regular
mayonnaise dressing, a little salt and a
dash of red pepper. Just before serving
the shrimps, well mixed with the dress
ing, are put into the tomatoes and the
whole set on a green lettuce bed and
given a yellow top of mayonnaise.
This sort of salad Is one of the richest
that may be had. for it Is refreshing endU
not as filling as chicken or crab salad
must necessarily be and It Is delightfully
cocl.
There is scarcely any reason why on*
should go to the trouble of having pud
ding made In the home when all that Is
necessary is to order It from tha gro
cery and have it delivered quite as deli
cious as It could be made by a first-class
chef. And It is practically the same with
mince, squash and lemon pies. These
days there are bakers who make a spe
cialty of mincemeats and holiday pies,
and when they put forth their best efforts
it takes more" than an ordinary cook to
turn out anything better, or half as good.
Almond cracklings are something new
and are good to top off with, as It were,
Take four tablespoonfuls of blanched al
monds and split them in fourths, two
ounces almond paste, three ounces of
powdered sugar, a few grains of cloves
and the white of one egg to moisten the
whole to the consistency of soft dough.
Work all together, using a spoon for
mixing In order not to heat the sugar
with the warmth of the hands. When it /
is about the right consistency drop from '
the tip of a spoon and bake far fifteen or
twenty minutes In a slow fire. After they
have been pressed down with the W?"1ff
of a knife they are flat and white, bat
when ready to eat are a delicate brown
that Is mest tempting.
Fruit makes a pretty centerpiece ami
really that is about all It Is there fjn,
for scarcely cne person In ten cares i4L
it after doing justice to the various other
good things. But the coffee tones down.
and when it is followed with peach bran
dy or some equally good Iicr-zenx life holds
no other bliss and It's a happy, happy
world until the next day.
Oysters may be served raw or cooked,
for they are tremendously popular either
way. II the cooking means anything la
the kitchen It Is better to garnish them
with bits of parsley and leidbn and let
them be brought on frozen, but. If on the
v other hand, the kitchen • Is serene, they
are ever so much nicer scalloped.
I A good recipe Is to mix one-half cup
each of stale bread and cracker crumbs
and stir In one-half cup of melted butter.
Put a thin layer of the buttered crumbs
In the bottom of the bread box, that has
been hollowed out before, then a layer of
oysters, well sprinkled with pepper and a
alight grating of lemon peel. Then add
two tablespoonfuls of oyster liquor and
one of cream. After that It Is but a mat
ter of repeating the Ingredients until the
bos Is well filled, being careful to have
the buttered crumbs on top. To make It
Just right It should be cooked full twenty
flve minutes and served while piping hot.
There are many ways of garnishing
such a dish, but inost of them are a great
deal of trouble and add but little to the
attractiveness. Just about the easiest
all the crust. Then pull the bread length
wise la Ion* •trips,, the width that you
want them, and bake. slowly In the oven
until they are brown and dry. They ara
simple and'aulck to prepare and are not
only much nicer but are much newer In
the bread line.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
THANKSGIVING
DINNER
NOVELTIES
10three. Cashmere is also pretty lor this
purpose.
But tha feature of the skirt is its em
broidery. A very profuse and very elab
orate design in wheat ears is worked upon
the gown in such a way that the design
runs all the way around the skirt. There
is a trimming of wheat oetween tha rows
of ribbon, and at tha head of tha ribbon
there Is a very wide, very elaborate em
broidery of wheat. ••;
The same design Is seen on the sleeves.
The cuffs are deep and are funnel shaped
and embroidered with wheat heads. Above
the cuffs there ara great melon shaped
pieces gathered at the back to form a
very full sleeve. The sleeve Is banded
with two-Inch wide rows of ribbon.
The top of the sleeve is a mass of tuck-
Ing and embroidery and the embroidery
extends over the shoulder cap and up on
the shoulder and yoke.
The waist Itself, too, Is a symphony In
harvest home ooiors, for, upon tha waist,
which Is a pale brown, there are em
broidered wheat stems and wheat heads
In shaded colors, changing from tha deep
er shades of yellow to tha paler ones.
A touch of scarlet is an excellent thing
In the Thanksgiving dinner gown. Thera
are very elaborate little scarlet • stocks
and there are handsome Persian neck and
wrist bands.' Coral beads are very showy
upon a house dress and great strands of
coral hang from the neck right. down to
the belt. Knots of scarlet ribbon adorn
the throat and a great many stocks have
knots of scarlet ribbon at the back of the
neck as well as under the chin, in fact,
the little : ribbon chou plays a very • Im
portant part in the house dress, changing
it, coloring It, subduing it and bringing it
Into harmony with whatever color scheme
may be desired. X ,
The New Bibbon Trimmings.
The extent to which the modistes are
carrying ribbon trimming cannot be fully
understood by the ona who has not made
a study of the subject.
Ribbon Is used for belting which ter
minates In a fat little chou;. and from
this chou Is carried a little loop of rib
bon up to another chou, and another loop
connects it with another chou further up
on the waist, until the whole terminates
In a very neat little ribbon ornament fat
the side of tha collar.
Then ribbon Is used as a band trim
ming and Is put on, not as a ruffle, nor a
a flat band sewed, upon each edge, but
It Is attached along tha upper edge and
is trimmed with a strange little fagot
pattern. Fagoting Is very fashionable,
used as the heading for a band of rib
bon; • and some of the prettiest ribbon
trimmings are doubled, sewed along the
upper edge and handsomely fagotted.'
' The Thanksgiving hostess must not for
get the new sleeve, which Is s now seen
Another restaurant gown, very similar,
was worn by the Duchess of Marlborough.
who was gowned In black net appliqued
with geranium flowers cut from panne
velvet. The=e geraniums were some of
them In a flaming red. while others were
In a deep crimson, while a few were In
pink, making altogether a perfect glow
of color.
The application of flowers to a gown Is
not at all difficult and. If carefully cut
out of the velvet, there will be no frayed
edges, nothing to .mar the completeness
of the flower. These bunches, or the sin
gle flowers, can be used upon the finest
and the thinnest of dinner gowns with
the very best results in every case.
At a restaurant dinner, where one Is
under the brilliant lights, the sharpest
contrasts In color are permissible, and
The neck was high, with transparent
yoke, and the sleeves were transparent,
and the slmnle little ruffled net at the el
bow was the only finish the sleeves had.
The entire gown was appliqued with
large bouquets of forget-me-nots cut out
of black velvet. These were in clusters
upon the waist and were scattered over
the skirt. Single forget-me-nots dropped
here and there upon the nounces.
For a Restaurant Dinner.
A typical gown for a restaurant dinner
was one worn by the Puchess of Manches
ter, whose dress was a pearl colored net.
built with fitted skirt, around the foot of
which there wt re two flounces, each eight
Inches deep. At the head of the upper
flounce there was a little ruffle of the net.
The waist was tight fitted, with only the
very slightest shirtwaist tendencies. The
yoke was ruffled with very narrow ruf
fles of the net. and the elbow sleeves were
finished with net ruffles, while a ruffle of
net went down the back of the arm, fol
lowing the seam.
In London, where the American Thanks
giving is observed, the custom is to ha\*e
a restaurant dinntr, to which a party of
congenial friends are Invited. ' At a res
taurant dinner the guests were semi-dec
ollete or serr.i-#ver.ing dress, and the gown
can be elaborately made. •
In the smaller cities, where families
have lived for years and are easily rallied
on this day. the subject can be settled
with comparatively little trouble. But In
the large towns, where strangers are in
vited to enter the gates and where the
dinner takes on a pretentious formality.
It Is a thing not to be so lightly set aside.
THIS Thanksgiving dinner gown Is al
ways a thing of more or less un
certainty, involving an hour of anx
ious thought.
How shall one dress for the occa
sion, and shall the gown be a modest one.
as befits the day of sacred memory; or
shall It be gayly splendid, the best gown
In one's wardrobe?
A lovely gown is a dress which Is built
In the harvest home tones. The skirt,
which is In pale brown veiling, or in
something a little heavier, Is made with
a skirt which Is slightly sweep length,
neither too short nor too long. It is trim
med around the bottom with rows of rib
bon two inches wide: and there are six
rows of the riuoon arranged In groups of
But the Thanksgiving hostess, when en
tertaining her near friends, can give her-
Belf more leeway. She can choose any
of the soft tones that are well known to
be appropriate for the house and can
gown herself simply though very taste
fully In them.
A Harvest Home Gown.
The instep skirt is a feature of the res
taurant guwn, as well us of the street
diess. and is also worn for the evening
and for the nicest of occasions. No more
is it preserved for the rainy day skirts
and the trotting costumes, but it will
be brought out on Thanksgiving days, at
the Thanksgiving dances and Thanksgiv
ing dinners, formal and informal.
For the matron who gives a dinner at
home there are gowns that are ideal,
neither too showy nor too plain. And in
this matter the hostess must be- her own
best judge, for she knows her guests and
she must be sure that she never over
dresses nor Is yet too conspicuously plain.
Many New York hostesses adopt the
plan of dressing either in white or in
black; and many draw a still finer line.
The black gown is chosen for day occa
sions at home, when they are to act the
part of hostess, and the white gown for
evening.
A great many evening dresses are cut
in instep length and very pretty they are
and very convenient. Coming just to the
instep, they show the high heeis that are
worn with the dinner gown and the very
graceful arch of the foot. Indeed, it is
due to her vanity and the pretty shoes
of the season that woman wears the in
step skirt.
Queen A.eacandra. who is not necessarily
an extravagant dresser just because sha
is a queen, wore not long ago a black
net trimmed with bands of black satin
ribbon over a dress of black and white
striped silk. The skirt was instep length
and the waist was cut on the shirt waist
plan.
And net has the advantage of variety,
for it can be worn over different colors
and always assumes a new appearance
over its new lining.
Net. while not a substantial goods,
wears very nicely and if of fairly good
quality is highly to be advised for a din
ner gown or for a gown for informal oc
casions. It is much more durable than
it looks, will stand a deal of- wear and
tear without looking shabby and can be
turned, made over and made up in such
a variety of ways that it turns out to be
in the lor.ff run cne of the best Invest
ments a woman ever made.
more than that, are desirable, for the
gown depends upon its color for its beau
ty. Pearl pray and geranium make a
beautiful combination; so also do navy
blue and bright green. In the latter case
the leaves are a soft, velvety, grassy
green, while the gown itself is a deep.
intense blue.
Whet the debutante will
wear, what the matron, what
the young girl and what the
hostess — Gowns for informal
dinners end gowns for more
stately occasions — The dinner
dress of the coming winter and
what it will show in novel feat
ures.
The tulle vest front, with loops and ends
spread out; the tulle chou at the back of
the neck, the tulle bow for the hair and
the little tulle rosettes that are now em
ployed to trim gowns of veiling, gowns of
other house stuffs, and gowns of lace, are
A lovely front for 'an evening waist was
made of pink tulle in a faint shade of
shell. The bows and ends were arranged
In group fashion upon the bust, then
drawn out and pulled down and spread
out with each small bow and each end se
cured with a little pink shell pin. At tha
throat there was a big pink brooch.
Tulle at the back of the neck has be
come a standby of fashion and the tulla
chou. fastening Just at*the nape of the
neck. Is both becoming and necessary In
-certain cases. It fills a gap created by
the high coiffure and lends a soft becom
ingness to the long thin ;, neck which
could not be supplied In positively any
other manner.
The Uses of Tulle.
A gflwn which will be worn Thanksgiv
ing night is made of lace, put together In
very wide strips, tully a third of a yard
in width. These strips are connected with
a network of narrow white velvet ribbon.
This network is interwoven and Interlaced
until it makes a very respectable lattice.
The lace gown should not be a gathered
affair, for the gathers destroy the beauty
and the design of the lace. On the con
trary, it should be extremely plain and
should be litted to the hips and around
the figure, and should be continued in one
long, unbroken line to the end of tha
train. It is hardly possible to make the
lace gown too tight fitting.
The foot of the skirt can be trimmed
with a very deep flounce, and the flounce
can be put on in such a manner that it
lengthens the skirt and looks like a part
of it. instead of serving as a flounce.
The Thanksgiving hostess can do a
great deal with tulle for the full virtues
of this material, as an accessory of dress
and as an ornament, have never been so
fully exploited as now. Take a large
double chou of tulle and fasten It upon
the front of the bodice, drawing it out so
that It reaches from the neck very nearly
to the belt, and a very nice vest-like ef
fect Is created.
For such dinners as are given Thanks
giving evening by the fashionable set
there are marvelous gowns in lace, abun
dantly trimmed with ribbon. The lace,
which Is not of an expensive sort, has Its
pattern supplemented with a ribbon swirL
which is carried all over the gown,
making a very decorative piece of work,
that is at first puzzling, for It does not
show what it la upon it3 face.
Another shows a stiffening of crinoline;
another sleeve is stiffened with a silk In
terlining, which holds it out sharply In
place. The day of the saggy, baggy sleeve
puff has gone out and has been succeeded
by the sleeve puff which Is fully stiffened.
In the Fashionable World.
The grfat and particular feature of tha
fullness Is the manner In which It Is ituff
ed out, for it no longer falls flat and baggy
below the hand. On the contrary. It sets
out in very smart shape, and to keep its
fullness there are employed all sorts of de
vices, one of which is that of stuffing the
fullness with tissue paper after the sleeve
is on.
wherever there is a nice gown. The sleeve
shows the fullness below the elbow, for
it swells out in a great melon-shaped puff.
But the fullness, instead of sagging. Is
so arranged that it bags out in a great
puffy shape, which is sometimes gathered
Into the cuff and sometimes laid In folds.
All the fullness 13 at the back of tha
sleeve, and the fuller it Is the better from
fashion's standpoint.
Tha Thanksgiving hostess can wear
many new features of dress, and ona of
her available novelties Is noticed In tha
lace paneling with which her dress can
be trimmed. Very narrow lace, running
from half an inch to two Inches in width,
can b« extended up and down the skirt
in such a manner as to cover the seams.
There can b« half a dozen panels, or a
dozen, according to the gown.
It Is an era In the fashion 'world when
a great deal of work Is put upon a gown,
not alone when it is being made, but
all during its career. Many handsome
dresses are built in such a manner that
they must be sewed up the back each
time they are put on, for it is now fash
ionable to conceal the opening In tha
w .ist. And the sown can be made to
fasten Invisibly only in tms manner.
The Thanksgiving hostess. If sha wotud
be dressed smartly, must ba wllllag te
go to some trouble,
The sleeves, which are long, are sewed
Into the shoulder seam and are not re
movable. But the yoke can be slipped
out and the vest comes out with It. This
creates a low necked evening gown at
once. When desired tha vest and yoks
can be put back in and the result Is a
day gown, suitable for dinner In the mid
dle of the day If necessary or for any
house occasion by day.
The square evening neck Is another of
the new thine* of the season, for It la a
neck that Is built, not In tha old. conven
tional fashion, but In a decidedly novel
manner, for It is simply cut squara at tha
throat and high over the shoulders and
semi-low In the back of tha neck.
Indeed, so modified is this squara neck
that it cannot be called a low neck at all,
but a neck that is squared out. and as
such It can be worn Just as well for day
as for evening-. A great many of thesa
necks are built entirely for day cowej
and are to be put on when tha sun shines
as well as when It has cone to rest.
This wearing of tha low neck Is a n*w
feature and Is another of* the revivals of
the year. Fifty years ago It was no nov
elty to see an afternoon dress with low
neck, or with the rounded throat. And
again that style has coma In. It Is In to
a greater extent than one would Imagine,
and a great many hostesses are building
their house dresses with necks that are
either prettily curved In round fashion or
are cut down almost to the "salt cellars"
of the neck. Of course, none are decid
edly decollete, but are more on tha
rounding type, or the squara type, cut
away so as to reveal the throat prettily.
And why should not tha gowns be cut
away In this fashion? Thera Is no reason
why the neck should be covered any
more than the face or hands; and tha
new gowns that expose tha throat are
pretty, sensible, becoming and certainly
on the order of novelty, and novelty Is
what every one seeks.
Tha woman who knows anything at all
about economy will so arrange her din
ner town that It can be worn either for
day occasions or for evening. The French
have a very pretty way of making a
gown aa that it* yoke and vest can be
removed.
an numbered amour th* pretty tftfngs e4
the ieuon.
The fancy for tha elbow ¦toeve Is grow
ing and. oh! bo manr housa dresses b*ve
this kind of & •leave. It Is not an abrupt
aleeve. but one that U cut off at the el
bow and finished with a Mil of lao* locg
enough to reach very nearly to tha hand.
Thera are elbow sleeves which are fin
ished at tha elbow, or a little below It.
with a bias ruffle of silk; and there are
elbow sleeves that are completed with &
tulle ruffle over which laca falls la very
becoming fashion.
THE SUNDAY :, CALL.
THE
THANKSGIVING DINNER GOWN
11HE Irish bard. Tom Moore, if he were alive to-day. wouH
jfr b*MVirW VT J\ Jffl feel thit his prophecy was on the point of realization:
r-sac^-fc^sp S -Erin. oh. Erin, thy winter is past.
|tJp3 l -T;-5>j£. I And the hope that lived through it now blossoms at laat."
\f?^tl* \ *" or *"'*¦ "consummation, most devoutly to bc'wishcd."
'?3z'' I no one deserves more credit than Horace Plunkett. who
! &&£ *%??§] was created a knight by King Edward VII during his late
* \^Z^2^^A visit to Ireland. Outside the leaders of the Irish National
L, r ,,. c George Wyndham. Chief Secretary for Ireland; Sir Anthony
O'Donnell Und'r Secretary, and Sir Horace Plunkett arc the most
popular men in Ireland At the time of the death of the great Irish
leader Chafes Stewart Parneil, when the ranks of the Irish National party
were torn by dissension, a prominent member of the party said: "What a pity
we did not catch Plunkett young enough. He is the only man fit to succeed
Parne:i." Parneli. although up to his neck in the fight for the political re
generation of his country, was thoroughly practical in his conception o, what
his country most needed. He had his eyes fixed on certain regions and in
dustries of Ireland, the development of which into activity and prosperity
only needed the fostering hand of capital and enterprise He spent a large
portion of his fortune in prospecting and developing mining industries on his
estates in the County Wicklow. He declared himself in favor of a protective
tariff in certain lines of industry in the event of Ireland's legislative inde
pendence, ar.d was therefore ahead of Chamberlain in his new departure.
Sir Horace Plunkett, unencumbered by political cares and troubles, is de
voting all his energies and talents to the practical economics for the ameliora
tion of Ireland's condition. Fortunate for the country, he was found not to
be the "man for Gal way" in a political sense, for he was defeated there at an
election for Member of Parliament by Colonel Lynch of Boer war fame. The
patriots of Galway. of course, elected the man who cast his fortunes with the
brave soldiers of the South African republic. Although they greatly admired
Horace Plunkett it was a case of "Not that they loved Caesar less, but that
they loved Rome more." When the House of Commons declared Colonel
Lynch's election void on the ground of his being guilty df high treason,
Plunkett refused to accept the vacant seat to which he was legally entitled.
Sir Horace Plunkett spent some years of his life in America. There he
learned valuable lessons of enterprise, go-aheadness and "no such word as
fail." He returned to Ireland with the full .determination of doing all in his
power to train his countrymen on the Yankee system. He saw, as Mr. Par
nell saw, that the immensely preponderating agricultural class of Ireland was
the one to be reckoned with in the building up of the country on a second
economic basis, and he laid his plans accordingly. Irish manufactures
which flourished in several parts of Ireland in the eighteenth century were
crushed out of existence by British policy. At a time when English manu
facture was very hard pressed by Irish competition in textile fabrics, an ad
dress praying for relief was presented to King William III by his faithful
Lords and Commons. He replied, "I will do all in my power to discourage
woolen manufacture in Ireland" He kept his word and many of his suc
cessors followed his policy. As a result the people were forced to eke out a
miserable existence as tillers of the soil owned by an absentee landlord
class who exacted from them the last pound of flesh with more than Shy-
Jock greed. For generations Ireland has been sending masses of her people
across the Atlantic to find new homes under the shelter of the* Stars and
Stripes. To-day the population of Ireland is less than half what it was. in
the days of Daniel O'Connell — a little over fifty years ago.
Sir Horace Plunkett, with characteristic grit and sympathy, set to work
to stop this tide of emigration, which was sapping away the life blood of the
country. He said one of the greatest obstacles in his path was "the spirit of
despondency which broods over our people, taking the form of a belief that
under existing circumstances nothing can be done." His grand idea to bring
them out of this slough of despond is co-operation. To get them out of
themselves and bring them together in order to confer as to what was to be
done and how they should set about it was his great task. An organization
called the Agricultural Organization Society was started in Dublin, which
was mdoTved liberally by the Government. Sir Horace Plunkett was elected
president) and as members there are Orangemen from the North. United
i's'i Leaguers from the west and south and men of all shades of politics
.-.••ft region from all sections of the country. His very soul revolts at the
f.V- wrought by religious dissension in Ireland, '"breaking one another's
Keaf!« for the love of God." Addressing a meeting of Orangemen in Belfast,
he *r.H facetiously: "We all know that those who differ from us in matters
r" re'igintr trill ?»c adequately punished hereafter. So why harbor bad feel
i-i?- r.nn? Let us shake hands and let the poor Papists alone for the pres
ent." Through the representatives or agents of this Agricultural Organiza
tion Fociety farmers and farm laborers are shown how to organize their in
dr.ftrie« upon business principles. So rapid has been the progress made that
thrre nr^iow over 700 co-operative associations organized and affiliated with
the central s ociety in Dublin, which have enrolled as members about 75.000
feftners. Through the central society they can purchase slock ana all tne
materials required in their several industries at the very lowest market rates.
These co-operative associations build and equip creameries, where butter and
cheese of excellent quality are manufactured. .They engage in poultry farm
ing, bee keeping, fruit growing, blooded stock breeding and other lines suited
to an agricultural people, all on the co-operative system. Many of these co
operative associations are developing industries which chiefly afford employ
ment to the female members of the family, such a* lace making, crochet,
embroidery, hosiery,, rug making, fancy. basket making, etc. Sir Horace
Plunkett's motto is to render "help to self help," and with that object' in
view he has shown the people how to start and operate co-operative banks.
Within a dozen years over 100 of these banks have been organized, which
give cheap credit through mutual security. The farmer who procures a loan
is expected to repay it at a very low rate of interest when he dispose* of his
crop or stock. So far not a penny has been lost by these banks. A car
driver at a place called Belmullet said to an important personage who had
hired him, "You could oblige me, sir, if you would hurry up, as there's a bank
meeting to-night, and as I am a director they will fine me if I do not attend."
So favorably impressed with the good work being done by Sir Horace Plun
kett was the great lawyer and orator, Bourke pockran of New York, that he
placed $50,000 in his hands, which was at once inverted in a milling enterprise
to the satisfaction of the donor. Sir Horace Plunkett it -the most, unselfish
man in Ireland. His official salary as president of the Agricultural Organiza
tion Society is $6750, which he turns back into iti funds, refusing to receive
a penny for his services. Fired by his example and ' carried away by his
convincing arguments, certain great capitalists in Dublin and Belfast have
contributed; millions for the construction of . electric tramways and freight
steamers to carry, at mere cost of transportation, farmers' "produce to the
English markets. The investors have announced thej do not expect to de
rive any profits or interest in this enterprise. Village libraries and reading
rooms, music, out-door sports, study of Gaelic and the beautifying of cot
tapes, by the cultivation of flowers and shrubs, are all encouraged by him.
He tramps day after day through towns and . villages,, visiting .the. most
wretched cabins, striving to give hope and practical help to the poorest, and
most despairing. Through his newspaper, called the Irish Homestead, he of
fers money prizes to the co-operative society which has done most to make
the village a place from which no Irishman would wish tcTerntgrate.' Money
prizes are offered the most deserving of all the Co-operative Industrial Soci
eties which has the effect of encouraging healthy competition in all parts of
Ireland. No barroom loafer, no hard drinker, no brawler is wanted as a
member of these co-operative societies and banks. He would be blackballed
if he tried to join. Sir Horace Plunkett has done his work quietly and unos
tentatiously, without flare of trumpet or designs of personal ambition. He
stands forth to-day in the eyes of the people of Ireland as a great patriot, a
pxeat economic and successful social reformer/. Above and beyond'the stress
of parties and warring creeds he has won the hearts of all his countrymen.
The vintage festival of the ancient Greek* was most elaborate and of
greater import to them than any other. With the Romans the festival was
supposed to be presided over bv the goddess Cer?-,.
But Thanksgiving day in America has a jar deeper meaning than in any
of the old pagan countries. Then it i* that our sordid aims and selfish de
sires are forgotten and the best thina* in our nature* are resurrected. Amid
all. the feasting and reioicinz we remembef the Omnipotent Power back of it
all and in it all, and to that Power we gladly give thanks and praise.
f^^_ •*> — ri AYS set aoart for thanksgiving have been known as far
1^3FZ0^£2.f back as the Israelites, but Thank?£ivir:~ in the United
(i IFit^C^^* States was first instituted by the piisrrim fathers at Plv
•5 *^^^s}l mouth in 1621. It then became a reco~r:iz;d holiday : r.
** ew E n ~' an(1 - an( *« a3 the S rc3t family festival, took the
JT7ag££«<j^£'£*Y; place of Christmas. The date is set as the la>t Thursdav
iCMff^ssisaB&BSB in November and is proclaimed by the President of the
United States. Thanksgiving days were no uncommon thing in England
prior to the Reformation, and afterward with the Protestants. In 1S72. even.
a thanksgiving day was appointed to give praise for the recovery of the
' Prinre of Wales from typhoid.
A minister by the name of Wolfall is said to have conducted the first
thanksgiving in North America, on the shores of Newfoundland, in 1578.
They were merely thanksgivinz services, which only consumed a few hours.
A day especially set apart for praise and joy must b- attributed to Governor
Bradford, the first Governor of Massachusetts Colony. This was in praise
for the bounteous harvest of 162T had been' preceded by great want
and barrenness. Here it is that ¦_ -:r honored Thanksgiving bird, the turkey,
made his debut. The Governor serf... out men in search of came to bs con
sumed on this festive occasion, and they returned well laden with wild fowl
consisting largely of the luscious Thanksgiving bird. They obtained enough
to last a week They, of course, did not have the elaborate et ceteras which
with us accompany this proud bird on our groaning tables, but the wives set
to work and made all the Brood things possible to evolve from so limited a
supply of material. At the dawn of that auspicious day a salute was thun
dered forth from the cannon, and the Pilgrims formed a solemn procession
and marched to the "meeting house." After the service was ended the
great dinner was served, and its delicious aroma must have traveled some
distance, for right in the midst of the festivities an Indian shout pierced the
air. and ninety red men — fortunately friendly ones — appeared on the scene
under the command of Kincr Massasoit They contributed their quota to
the feast in the shape of huee haunches of venison. The day. instead of beins
one, was prolonged into three, and psalms and songs were mingled with the
feasting. Interlarded by war dances by the red men and military drills bv the
well trained soldiers of Captain Standish. There were also other sports,
such as characterized the middle class of English people in that period. This
festival was the initial one of many Thanksgiving days throughout the
New England colonies^ Sometimes it was held once a year and sometimes
twice — when they had a victory over the Indians, or a ship h3d arrived with
plentiful supplies, or the harvest was bountiful. v Venison or bear's meat
graced the festal board in the pioneer days of Rhode Island and Connect
icut.
During the Revolutionary War Thanksgiving lost some of its local N'ew
England character. On December 18, 1777, Washington issued a proclama
tion for a general Thanksgiving by the Continental army, and acain at Val
ley Forge in 1778. In 178Q, shortly before Congress had adjourned, it was
moved in the House that the Prcsideat be requested to appoint a dav of
thanksgiving and prayer. The original manuscript of this proclamation, in
teresting as the first ever issued by a President, is now in the hands of a
New Hampshire man, who had it as an heirloom from hi3 grandfather.
Our Thanksgiving of to-day is handed to us from the past, and has many
of the genial features of Christmas. With the Yankee* it was the one time
of the whole year when the sunlight was permitted to enter their barren,
penurious home life, and its coming was anticipated with an excitement of
which the modern Yankee knows nothing. Those stern old souls were
thrilled and to.uched by its reunions and vacant chairs.
Cider and mince pie were on the tables of rich and poor, and always a
fowl of some kind. No tramp ever went hungry at that time, and even the
poorhouse had its turkey. Old feuds were patched up. old enemies recon
ciled, and. for a time, at least, men forgot hate am! retribution and thought
only of forgiveness and brotherly love. It was more beneficial than alt
the fifty- two Sundays put together.
In the^ middle of the century it was fashionable to make calk at that
time and rivaled New Year in that respect. Another custom was to dress
fantastically and parade the streets.
Thanksgiving has lonz been celebrated, even among heathen nations.
* and with them the heads of families were accustomed to (east with those in
their.. employ when the harvest was gathered,
The natives of Guinea offer nraij M t o the sjotU at their yearly harvest fes
tival, and the Chinese celebrate the harvest lime with Krcat ceremony and
rejoicing., . . . . .
By J. J. TOBIN.
KNIGHTING OF A GREAT
IRISH PROMOTER
ANCIENT CELEBRATION
OF THANKSGIVING
By Jessie Juliet Knox.
to individual differences ani
conditions under which v"o\U «r J
teachers work. In the hope of quiet
ing the pretests mar.y fruitless attemotj
I have been marie to secure ien:t>crarv
relief. That these attempts are the re
tail of ignorance of the underlying
principles of proper gradinz is conclu
sively proved by an examination of the
results obtained. Promoting twice a
year will not help matters. Neither will
a shorter clas* interval. Nor a dou
ble track course of study. Nor two
teachers to a class. Nor an unzra.ic 1
room in each buildinz. Nor the sav
ing of some pupils extra work. Thee
*re b'ut makeshifts whkn do not strike at the root of the evil. If yoa
doubt this statement step into any public school and lecure a truthful 2
swer to the question. "Are the pupils in this room so equally advanced in
their work that you find it satisfactory to have them all in^ the same clas3? "
Any plan which does not make possible the answer. "Yes." to this question
is not worthy of a place in the schools of the present century.
As schools are generally graded the following are some of the ob:ec
x. Pupils are not placed or kept with those of equal advancement.
2. The bright are injured by being held back; the slow by be:nz hur
ried on.
3. The work cannot be well suited to the pupils ia the classes.
4. The work is not done thoroughly.
5. The school life of the majority is shortened and the intellectual life of
all menaced. '
6. Eighty per cent lose time, whereas at least 75 per cent are able to save
time under a proper plan.
7. Seventy-five per cent do not go as far as the fifth year ia a tweve
years' course.
8. Less than 5 per cent reach the high school, and not core than 3 cer
cent graduate.
9. The lessons are generally prepared at home, though there b 20 good
reason why they should not be prepared in school.
10. Compelled to walk in lock-step with those who cap and should b«
allowed to move at a different rate, a great many lose all interest ia school
work. They therefore leave school.
In Elizabeth, a city of 6000. the following advantages are not-d: No
teacher need retain in any class any pupils not fitted for the work of the
class. No teacher ia required or permitted to take any class over the work
faster than they can do the work thoroughly. No pupil below the grammar
grade is permitted to have any home study. In the higher trrades they are
not" permitted to have over one hour's home work. From 5 to 8 per cent are
reclassified each month, that they may be where they can work to advantage.
But few have lost and 75 per cent have gained time. The attendance in the
higher grades has increased trreatly and that of the high school has increased
over 400 per cent since the plan was adopted.
Is there another place which can substantiate similar claims? Yet there
is no good reason why every town and city in the United States should not
have all these advantages.
Whose fault is it? Not the pupils'. Not the teachers*. Generally no?
the principals'. It is the superintendent's function to provide a proper plan
of grading. If he has not done so he must bear the responsibility. If the
Board of Education has interfered and prevented the superintendent's provid
ing the proper plan, then the responsibility must rest upon the Board of Edu
cation. Superintendents dare no longer plead ignorance as an excuse for not
having provided a method of grading which makes it possible for the
teacher to suit the work to the needs of the child, in place of compelling the
teacher to force the child into Procrustean grades of work.
7^==£===5=2?O'S alaoit ererr
|,/-'Tgp^f&* J line our erand pab
i?li^7i9i lic school$ar€ £"
VSty/ r*'P fcaMHe in em*
l f f^*csm'^TSi«St tion most schools
follow the methods
adopted by Sturm at Strausburg. z'x.
yws ago. They are therefore only so
far beyor.d the times. Methods whicn
r.er* intended to serve the interests of
the children have Ion? since become the
tyrannical masters of both children and
The decree of the Demon of Unifor
: ,.v. born of the examination fiend
¦ , to have been: "in tosether all . ,;^ ' V
together on together, out together. This decree menaces the intellectual
!e of all pnpfls; shortens the school life of many and makes pupil drivers out
¦A those who. but for it. would be teachers indeed and in truth.
Ij'it not an outrage to coned teacher* to drive the slow and hold back
the bright that all may walk in intellectual lock-step? Since the lock-step
lias been abandoned in prison and army it is time that the children receive
ecual con -iteration. It mav not be so easy for us superintendents and prin
cipals bat there «re those who think the schools are for the children and
tbzt r ii is <^-r business to find a way of • breaking the lock-step in the
schools. . ;• ' '¦'-¦ "''
None dare deny that the keeping ot pupils of unequal advancement to
gether results in creit miurv to all.
The effects of such methods on the bright children i< most disastrous, for
it injures them trreatly. both mentally and morally, to hold them down to
the pace of the dower ones. Who would work the mettlesome racer with
t;:c heavy draught hors-e and not expect it to end the usefulness of the racer'
Regardless of thorouzhncss. the dull are rushed over the work. They fall
behind, stumble for a time at the foot of the class, then, misunderstood, un
appreciated sr.d cifcouraeed. drop out of school, or are^ Quickly ob'isred to
leave lest "they brinz down the examination averagre." What teacher has not
seen such pepils drop out of school, having lost all interest in life? Sad it is
that they may have lost the confidence of their teachers. Sadder still that
tbe» should r.o lcr^cr be encouraged by the confidence of their parent*. But
inilnitely more are roch pupils to be pitied because they have lost ai! conn
«i- nee in their own abiiitics. Almost certain are they to become lost charac
teT>. Yet teacher? know that the most of them could have been saved if
<r.:',y they could have been permitted to go the pace that the Air
mighty intended that they should, instead of being obliged to ro at
the rate that ?ome Board of Education had fixed. Why should any one
be nude to suit the pacr to them instead of expecting teachers to force
It is certainly injurious to keep apt pupil? with those of preatly indifferent
i'D:!i;y ?.r,n attainments: it is little less than criminal to compel them to
in intellectual 1ock-steo with su;h for months and years: it is an out
r^.s;e to compel teachers to constantly po?d children, to hurrv forward the
slow or to hold back the bricht. and. for the sake of the machine, to force
mary nut of school after havine destroyed their self-confidence and con
*iemrci them to lives of ignorance, if not worse, is barbarism such as should
not be permitted in the present condition of civilization;
The demands of a rational svstem are very simple.
1. Pupils should be kept with tho?e of er;u2l advancement.
2. They should all bo over the course as fart as they can do the work
thoroughly and well, and r.o taster.
Could anything be more reasonable? Yet every teacher knows that she
seld< m. if ever, has a class where these conditions are met. £j§
From every part of the country come murmurincs which foretell the
cominp of a storm of protest acainst the system which eives «o little con-
THE .SUNDAY CALL;
HOW TO BREAK THE LOCK-STEP IN THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS
12In seme countries a man may get a di
vorce If his wife does not know how to
cook. That ought to be a cinch. Biscuits
like Mauser bullets and pies that would
double up the bowels of the deep would
make any man cry for home and mother.
fully planned burglar trap— "you .see, I
naturally struck a match now and then to
pee my way, and when I come on that
Plain, common mat In that beautiful hall
with the handsome rugs about, I knowed
it to be a burglar mat. so I Jest stepped
over It. I've no doubt all the things
would have happened if I had stepped on
it right." '
"I don't know/' said Miss Merryweather.
gloomily; "*niaybe the plumbers got it out
of ordar. Cut come here; open that
chest."
She pointed to the nuns' chest against
the Katt, and the burglar obediently start
ed trp lo do her bidding. An Inner chest
cf '.T'jn was disclosed, having two pro
y^tlng handles.
"Lift the cover," commanded Miss Mer
ryweather.
A smile of grim expectation parted her
firm lips; now approached her triumph.
The burglars laid his hands on the knobs
and pensively nodded his head, screwing
up his mouth like a man recognizing a
familiar flavor.
"Yes'm," said he; "galvanic battery,
ain't it? Kinder prickly!"
"I'll weaken the current," said Miss
"Humph!" said Miss Merryweather.
"You Bit down in that rocking chair and
stay there until I come up again. Don't
you burgle any until I come back; then
we'll see what we can do." , • .
"You ain't going to telephone to the
police to nab me?"
Miss Merryweather waved her hand to
ward the wall at a telephone.
"It isn't customary in houses of people
who are not millionaires to have two tele
phones." said she. "I am going to bring
you something to eat".
"I won't touch a thing, lady/' promised
the burglar; "I've been druv* to this, I
truly have."
"I don't want to disturb you, ma'am,"
be repeated, "but I've got to have some
money."
"Why?" said Miss Merryweather. She
was quite at her ease and had taken a
rocking chair.
"Why?" the man echoed bitterly. "Be
cause I prefer to steal to see my wife
dying for want of things done for her,
and my children without shoes to their
feet, and never a bite among us all this
day, by — I beg your pardon, lady; I was
n't meaning to swear, but I'm wore out!"
"Haven't you bad anything to eat to
day r f said Miss Merryweather.
He shook his head. A stiff lock of
brown hair which stood up on the top of
his head waggled at the motion. It gave
him a grotesque look. "He certainly was
frightfully thin.
When Miss Merryweather loomed upon
him— one may say darted, since that was
the effect of the springing of the light
upon her image— he lifted his empty hand
to his bat.
"Certainly not; at least, not until I can
see you," said Miss Merryweather. All
the while she was hastily donning a wrap
per and slippers. Then she turned on the
lights. The burglar stood directly under
the blaze. He did not look like a burglar.
There was nothing much in his pale face
except the look of recent sickness and
hopelessness. His clothes were like any
workman's, a pair of blue, soi^d overalls
with something like a bib front and a
patched, checked shirt. His hat (it was a
hat. and not the cap In which artists, for
reasons best known to themselves, delight
to depict the burglar) was a very bat
tered, soft felt, and It was not pulled
down over his black brows; It was pushed
back from dark brown locks. He looked
like a workman out of a Job! His hands,
one of which held a pistol, were calloused
and stained— a workman's hands.
"only no pulling out a pop, you know,
and firing It off at me in the dark, bit or
miss!"
She thought of waking the sleeping dog
and taking him upstairs; but the peril
to the china of Diogenes' clumsy bulk
seemed so much greater to her intrepid
soul than any personal danger from the
mild-mannered burglar that she dismissed
the suggestion as soon as it appeared.
When she entered her sitting-room again
and saw how starved and tired her burg
lar looked she was glad of her decision.
He was leaning back in his chair, his
pistol still In one limp hand, his head laid
back, showing his miserably thin neck,'
and the white glare full on the haggard
pallor of his face.
His eye brightened at the sight' of the
tray. Miss Merryweather, making no com
ment, lighted the lamp under the silver
chafing dish, and as it burned she but
tered the slices of bread and placed beef
between them.
"I am afraid the beef is a little under
done for your taste," observed she. kindly,
" and I hope you don't care for mustard,
for I forgot it, but I've pot on salt and
pepper, and .they were the best-done
pieces I could . find. The soup will be
warm in a minute. Now you drink this
glass of wln«." ;
The man drank It, keeping his eyes on
her. Then he laid the pistol on the table.
I ain't going to use it," he said.
"Much better not," returned Miss Mer
ryweather. "The truth is, I have long had
a curiosity to see a burglar, and I rather
have planned things that way; 'but I did
n't expect he would be so decent as you
seem. How do you like that wine? It's
old Jacques port."
The burglar looked rather bewildered,
but answered that it was the best wine
he had ever tasted. He added ingenuous
ly that he had "hot tasted much wine."
"You are not at all like a professional
burglar," remarked the lady, who. had
now come, to ladling, out . the steaming
Miss Merryweather encouraged him by a
nod and departed, lighted candle In hand.
Never, it seemed to her, had she heard
so many sinister noises as pricked her ears
while her candle flitted from pantry to
sideboard. Boards creaked under her
tread as they never creaked In the day
time, and every door she touched sent up
a long shriek of remonstrance.
But Diogenes slept cajmly In the laun
dry. Miss Merryweather shook her head.
She carried a revolver In her hand, which
she laid on the tray. "He seems like a
decent sort of submerged unfortunate,"
thus ran her meditations while she pro
visioned the tray — "but he may be wicked
and run after me downstairs. If he does,
Dl and the gun. will have to hurt him."
soup; "I think you must be an, amateur."
"I never touched a thing 't wasn't my
own before, lady, so help me !"
"Well, you haven't touched anything
yet, now," Interrupted Miss Merry
weathtr, who. had a mania for accuracy.
She continued: "I suppose you are put
ting that sandwich Into your pocket for
your family — don't do it! I'll make you
up a basket for them. Tell me what
brought you, such a decent man, to this
pass?" •
The man smeared his eyes with his hand
before he began. "I never seen a lady
like, you," said be. "I'm Just going to tell
you the honest truth. I was working in
Chicago, I belonged to the Junior Plumb
ers."
"Oh, if you were a plumber It must
have come natural to you to rob!"
The burglar acknowledged the sally by
a faint smile. "We ain't so tad as they
make : us "out. Well, hard times came
and work fell off, and the union wouldn't
let us work below wages, so I left the
union— fact Is, 1 couldn't keep up my
dues."
"Do you mean to tell me," cried Mies
Merryweather, tpringinjf from her chair
in strong agitation— "uo you menu to tell
me you are not a union man? Don't think
of burgling me. 1 can give you a great
deal better Job, and I will advance you
money on it, too. This house la only
about half plumbed; if you will take hold
and get this plumbing done by ti o'clock
to-morrow. I'll pay you welL And you
shall have two men to help you who are
n't p.umbera, but have some sense, and
a boy to run to the shop to get the touls.
Are you a good plumber?"
"Yes'm, I was; I'm a little out of prac
tice. But I Kuess'I can satisfy you. I'll
try hard. You see", they didn't take all the
men* back, ma'am, when the strike ended.
I hoard of a Job in Chicago, and I got it
sure enough; but it only lasted a little
while. And when I wrote to the new
factory they were starting here, the glu
cose' works, and I got a Job, but the flrst
week I come down with typhoid fever. I
worked with the fever on me, and I did
take whisky to kinder hold me up, for I
was wild to think of losing my Job;. but I
wasn't drunk, though somebody said so.
So I lost it and another feller got It— well,
I guess he needed It bad, too. But that's
how it was.
vi 'went home and was sick awful bad
for six weeks, and' when I got up again
there 'was nothing I could get; and the
baby come' Just then. God forgive It! and
I guess he knowed he was none too wel
come, for he's been hollerin* ever • since.
Doctor says he needs some kinder food,
nestling food, or some slch name, and I
wanted to git it, for I someway don't
Jest want him to die. if be Is mean! Then
I : wanted to get my woman things ; she's
an awful nice woman, I'll say that, and
about all we've got she's earned washing.
I've been ' out a week, walking about a
hundred miles, I guess, begging for a Job
everywhere I heard Jobs were to be had;
but you see we were strangers, and there
ain't enough work to go round "mong the
old men. . ' \
. "To-day, as I went back from the shoe
His Hands, One of Which Held a
Pistol, Were Calloused and
Stained.
"You see, lady, we ain't used to being
so poor; we didn't know about them
places Lady, I tell you, it ain't the pov
erty poor that gits squeezed the hardest
when there's hard times; bless you, no!
They're used to leanin' on other folks,
and they Just lop over a leetle heavier.
But it's the decent folks that never knew
the way to the poor oversseer's office be
fore, or even to. the. pawnshop, that catch
It. They suffer and don't holler about it."
"I see," said Miss Merryweather; "go
on!"
"There ain't much more," said the man,
very neatly folding the napkin. "I told
my wife I had got a Job and I would have
tho money for a turkey to-morrow; riot to
fret, I'd git some advanced. I went
straight out, meaning to enter somebody's
house and git enough to, buy a Thanks
giving dinner. I prowled about for a long
time, flrst deciding on one house and then
on another. By and by I saw all the folks
in your kitchen going out, and the light
upstairs, and says I. 'That lady is all
alone by herself, and I can git some
money easy.' So I come."
"But how did you get In? The windows
are barred down stairs."
they look like good winders;
but I come In by the door— the kitchen
door. • I reasoned like the girls would have
some place where they hid the kitchen
key, and I could hunt It up. Most like it
would be under the door mat. That's
.where it was, ' too."
•They shall have a latch-key, every
one of them; of course you got in. But
didn't you wake the dog?"
• "No, ma'am; he jest slept like the dead.
Them big dogs Is Jest like men about
sleeping,' they sleep so sound."
"Btlt when you came up the stairs _what
did you do about the mat at the foot of
the stairs? The lights ought to have
sprung up arid the bells rung the Instant
"your foot touched the mat!"
' "Why, you see, lady," said the burglar,
apologetically— he seemed to fear lest she
should be hurt by the failure of her care-
"But, goodness gracious'." exclaimed
Miss Merryweather, ' who had with diffi
culty refrained from Interrupting him be
fore: "why didn't you go to the Associated
Charities or to the Industrial Aid?"
factory, 'cross the river, and seen all the
turkeys In the winders, and remembered
how there wasn't a bite in our house fo^
to-day nor for to-morrow, and looked at
the rich folks that don't love their fami
lies a mite better'n I love mine, I got
kinder wild, I gues3. I never had gredged
rich folk their money before. I was will
ing to work hard and not to have very
much; but now it seems as If there wasn't
an Inch of room for me and my family on
this earth. We'd pawned every last thing
we could pawn, and there we was a-starv
ingl"
I cannot find any good moral in this
tale, unless It be contained In Miss Merry
weather's own subsequent reflection:
"Now, aren't the ways of Providence
queer? Here'3 my burglar's got a good
plumber shop and lots of custom, simply
by an unsuccessful attempt to rob. But.
then. It is a merciful thing that, as our
best lntentlor.3 are liable to bring harm
and misfortune, so our bad ones run off
the track sometimes, too. And, anyhow,
it wasn't because he was a burglar he
waa so lucky, but because he was such a
remarkably gentle and propitiating burg
lar! If he hadn't been I should have had
to shoot him or 'sic* Diogenes on him. I
hope it will be a lesson to us both that
it is better far to rule by love than fear,
and kind words can never die. and all
that kind of thing! And It was certainly
a mercy to me that I feel truly thankful
for. I don't know how I could have
beaten the plumbers without him!"
The plumbing was done, and well done,
by 4 of the next afternoon. The burglar's
family, as well as the Merryweather'a
gathering, dined late that Thanksgiving.
The household knew too well Miss
Merryweather'a generosity, for these spe
cial efforts, to be unhappy; but Robblns
summed up the general mixture of disap
probation and admiration. She said:
"Did you ever see the like! I believe
Miss Elinor would git her will If she had
to tear the world up by the roots!"
"As soon as you can; there's no time to
lose." said Miss Merryweather. "He la a
good plumber," she announced calmly to
her dazed domestic staff, "and I was
lucky to get him. I have sent a basket
of things to his family. Get him a gooel
breakfast to-morrow morning, and I hope
we shall have a Thanksgiving after all.
I shan't forget how good you all are in
these emergencies."
"No, ma'am; thank you, ma'am," the
burglar responded meekly, "and I'll be
back "
"Nothing Is the matter," said Miss
Merryweather. "I stepped on the mat
myself. It works perfectly. Harriet. I've
engaged a plumber, and ho la to work all
night, and the plumbing will be done by
to-morrow afternoon. If you need those
extra tools, you'd better go home and gtt
them now,"— turning upon the bewildered
burglar— "and you don't need that candle
any more, put It down. Don't forget the
basket."
She was at the hall door before she
ended, calling loudly to the shrieking
maids, who came In timidly (except Rob
bins), In the rear of the two men, who
were none too valorous.
"No, you will not," said Miss Marry
weather, all herself again, "you will stay
Just where you are while I open the
door."
"I guess the mats Is straight good.V
said the burglar. "You trod on It by mis
take, ma'am. Say. ./hat's that? They're
a hollering In the yard! I'll try this
door "
Miss Merryweather had very much the
sensations of a burglar in her own hou^-e.
and she despoiled the larder, the friendly
burglar holding the candle. They hurriel
at every glimpse of the clock, they trem
bled at all the creaklngs of the floor.
"Robbins never did stay out before later
than 13 or 1; It's a quar Great heav
ens!" Miss Merryweather Jumped. Sud
denly she was bathed In a flood of light.
and bells seemed to be ringing all over
the house.
"Hain't you weakened the current?" de
precated the burglar. "Pshaw! I thought
you had. or I wouldn't 'a' taken them
down. I'm real sorry."
Miss Merryweather laughed. "Every
thing la a failure." said she. "You ou?ht
to be held a prisoner, with your shouluers
hunched up. It's all wrong."
"Oh. no. It ain't, ma'am." the burglar
tried to reassure her. "I ain't no manner
of doubt that them mats downstairs
would work splendid; we kin try poinu
down. But these hero galvanic batteries
ure mighty unreliable. Never mind. I kin
f.x It all right for you. I'm glad I came,
theiugh."
"So am I," said Miss Merryweafher.
"Do you think something is the matter
with this, too?"— displaying her revolver.
It was a big revolver of glossy and iri
descent black, not a feminine frippery
about It— no pe.irj. no silver: a revolver
that meant business and showed its tn
tentlons honorably.
"No. it's all right." said the burplar.
admiringly. "You could 'a* plugged m<»
pure."
"Unless you shot me first."
/'Humph! that would 'a' been difficult
seeln' mine ain't loaded and there's some
thing the matter with the trigser so It
can't go off. else it would 'a' been In the
pawnshop 'stead of here.
"Well." sighed Miss Merryweather. "It's
a mercy you tried to burgle me with that
useless thing, instead of some one el?e.
Now. for goodness sake come downstairs
and let me give you that basket and get
you off before the servants come."
Merryweather: "yju must be a perfect
E par tan not to call out."
"Well, you 6ee, I ruther nuspldoned
what It was." the burglar replied, letting
his hands drop.
"How can you get your hands away?"
cried Miss 'Merryweather.
Of course It was not well; but Mies
Merryweather Just then did not think of
the nicer mea ling of words.
"Yes, ma'am," the voice repeated: "don't
b«? alarmed; I'm a man— a burglar!"
Miss Merryweather showed no signs of
alarm. In the first place, she had a fear
lens soul; in the second place, the voice
was so mild, so almost apologetic, that it
aroused her sense of humor.
"I don't know but that you are less
of a nuisance than the dog would be."
paid she. "You stay right where you are,
and I will turn on the electric lights.
Don't move or you'll hit something!"
"All right, ma'am." said the burglar;
Sternness was the only chance! "Down,
charge. Di!" she commanded. "Bad dog!
Down!"
A particularly mild voice answered her:
"It ain't a dog, miss: It's a man!"
"A man?" repeated Miss Merryweather.
"Well!"
if 5he called to the dog kindly he would
begin wagging his tail, that tremendous
brush which, with one sweep, might hurl
her Idols into Irredeemable, smashing.
crashing ruin!
BUM :.*>rry weather was not used to be
beater: it palled. She had mailed letters
to different plumbers asking for bids by
telegrepn: but. peer as she might, sho
eou:<> i «it Fee a loophole of escape for her
self :his time. She went to bed eariy,
but for ¦ long while she could not sleep.
She th'.uxnt cf the Plumbers' Union and
her own defeat «nd raged anew.
And when, at last, the was Just slipping
off i:u<> the shadows of pczjee. she heard
the of footfalls. Surely she had
closed 'ije door on Diogenes, the dog!
Hadn't >he closed the door? Her mind
drove b< r backward over that hasty Jour
ney through the rooms down stairs. Dio
genes lu.j a mat in the laundry and the
range of the kitchen. She certainly had
closed mm of the kitchen doors. Hadn't
she Closed the kitchen door upstairs? She
had— at least ehe had seen that the door
to the cellar was fast and she thought
ehe had bolted the door upstairs. How
did people e\ - tr feel certain enough about
anything to swear that It happened? The
footrtcpa were nearer, in the sitting room
which • adjoined the chamber. Her first
thought was for the safety of the tcatable
with its precious freight. She was sure
"Nn, poor fellow," she murmured; "most
likely he is lying dead In some alleyway,
with all h'.s ribs broken. They do such
things."
Therefore it wa« with a gloomy soul she
beheld the night before Thanksgiving.
"I never was en little thankful In my
life," vhe tr.urmured, "and I was so bent
on having that plumbing done In time to
have K'lcn, and show that Vance that I
am a mutch for the Plumbers* Union, if
I am a lctie woman."
Miss Merryweather was sure he had
either been bought off or assassinated by
the union. She paid no heed to th« theory
meekly tendered by Helen's husband, to
wit: that, knowing the man's habits, he
had cause to suspect he was simply cel«
brat!ng Thanksgiving In an unholy man
ner on his own account.
,_ Jf ' ??; KL!N n R MtRRTWEATH
/ i j\ \\\\ went to bed Thanksgiving
I \f I P vp, ing in a graceless frame of_
-*• "Yea may go, Robblns," she
raid io her faitfcfol maid, "and you and
li.-.iri. :" lUarr.et w; t s the cook), "and
!l lilda" ' Matilda wag a waitress), "may
F ;i ga t,. :h.il :>ar;y nt James'" (James
v--- i!>- b n<« *r>. "I shail not need any
of v ' ¦ li "
mj i . - I* sve you alone. Miss Elinor,"
pal-J R M»Iw. '"i hrs'titcd, knowing Ml.«s
>..-. v • itb*r well enough not to cjk her
v ¦ ; . ¦ . t :• afraid. She did uot do much
¦ • !.i;:t out: •'They do say there's
• ~ [a towxU ma'am!"
-Very wf!'.." responded Ml?s Mcrry
v . ' . r. with un«hekon calm— whatever
; . r faults, timidity never was charged to
1 . ; -Be svre you lock all the doom and
v, •¦¦.-;. i»-f wcurely. And you may as well
«=. ,- th«» tli» galvanic battery works all
rtgfct. Good night; a pleasant time to
} ¦ : ; , "
Robbln* knew when her mistress used
thl« tone that argument would be vain:
;- . rtiiTomtited, and with more than one
vi iful glance backward In the hall, she
retired.
T.Tiss Mcrry^'athcr hepan to walk up
: -i down the room. It wh? an attractive
l ¦• m. with the soft ivory gloam of the
jviirt and the spranciy. old -fashioned
tl'.wcrs on the creamy walls. One pcr
<< iv»-d. ah=o. an old-fashioned air. due to
the pirs'encc of certain chairs and table?,
luxuriantly carv. d in dull-hued oak. or
timed In old marquetry. In one corner
of the r<K»m a rabiiiH ehowed all the dai
zlinp huts «if rare ni<l china; the sump
tui.us pllding cf Satsiuma. ,'.ne delicate
J'.rrr.s r.f r;<i Fe\-re>i. the soldier opulence
ef color «Dd shape of the great English
r jV.ct?- a <i;:vc::t>ort in one corner, a
|< artgt wltb many pHlowa i*i another and
a ii-i :..'!< wjtli it* fhinins equipage.
hii ¦ . .1 the room to !<?> Miss Merryweath
ci's own -pooial Fittinp room. The eye of
a r>ew< imr r Instinctively turned to a
.heavy Italian chest, the lid adorned by
two curiously wrontbt iron handles, the
(t«;J Itself of aj;« -stained oak. having
«1.\«rs vagTJe and crlsly traditions cort*
j.'<ti::g it with the treasure of a convent
and the rrurder of faithful guardians toy
vandal robbers. Py a natural divagation
cf the mind, the chest had become Mist;
M*rr> weather's pafe. and contained, it
tras .-aid. a bona-fide Iron safe, wherein
wms deposited the famous Merryweather
pla:e. pjine descended from Colonial >Ier
r> w< others, foisf presented by brother
cfT.Trs to the liite General Merry-weather.
A'^'- ihcreifi Fp^rkkd the jewels of Miss
Mt-rry weather, which would not have
b(«Mi (lo^riFcd in a large city, and were
tecxnled with awe in an Iowa town.
Mi-s Memrweather. though a spinster
j. ; <! n • loncer young, was fond on proper
rr. «= < rs of migr.lncence in dress. Wliat
rv.r her eccentricitiCF— I must grant her
•-:..- "rie w*s= greatly loved by her fel
lit\- ti wr.i-mer. and thore who knew hrr
be; i i'-ved her mo^t strongly. She had.
however, a will of her own. And the was
ore v.h«. in the language of Holy Writ.
ki;;t h»-r promise to her hurt. Thus some
tir^s an impetuous temper led her Into
Us] rudent declarations, from which she
could not always extricate herself without
pr- . ! exercise of her wit.".
Her latest dilemma engroK^ed her to
r.i; -l>t. Having had the plumbing of her
dwelling repaired, in an unlucky moment
tli» re had come a quarrel with the plumb
er.-' u;.lon over a bill. The result wa.^
that ?he tent away "every man swindler
of them all"— I would not be understood
t'i Indorse her words— and waa left with
the- water service of the house cut off and
water hauled from the cisterns and a sin
gle frtuctt In the garden, while friends
sniffed apprehensively whenever they en
tered the house and asked her was she
not afraid of sewer gas? And her niece
(who was as a daughter to her) did not
dare to bring the baby to spend Thanks
giving because the child might catch diph
theria through the deadly leaking pipes.
*'Stuff "' said Miss Merryweather, who
used strong expressions sometimes, being
by birth and breeding quite too great a
lady to disturb herself about the minor
conventions. "Stuff and nonsense! There
are no leaks. But I'm not going to argue
with you. Helen. I shall get a plumber
and have you com« Thanksgiving."
Then, discerning a peculiar smile on the
amiable features of Helen's husband, she
a££ed gravely: "He will not belong to
.the union. IX I have to wait to hire a
melon plumber I shall wait until the pipes
[tumble to pieces."
uBut the Imported plumber who was to
put the forces of organized labor to rout
did not come, although, such Is the extra
ordinary working of the- feminine logic,
be was offered as high wages as the erring
and grasping union plumbers had been
refused.
Til r. c lTST> A Y CALL;
THE THANKSGIVING OF THE BURGLAR AND PLUMBER
13
ADVERTISEMENTS.
l^/ft Qfi THE HAND j
« jsf. &lTw r^M /"A " s a m * rror reflecting the many events the fu- S3
H r*i" K'hm E lit H / 3 ture holds, and palmistry shows how to chjngi Q
fl B fteJl "f f=i your relation to late and thus choose the best H
ii^"" JMBIJm °^" D ° Not Lose Hope "* j 1
BV rf^ because the way seems dark and the affairs of j|
H v '$a ! * JxmMX H? **k mixed ; it is determination and will thzt
1 j/^TOl 'if W^ Q w^ en &* eiiottz are ri2htly directed 9
H \\--'^*T& wl^S^ir if " Mme. Livorno saved me serious mistakes/* y
¦ '\**' f "^ Sa ra b, Eernhardt. Thousands xay the H
1 \fl^^> I TT-V-n-P-KF-n i
1 a /Ji^J Ju 1 V U II IM U I
i The Wor!d R « QOWQed Paknist I
N rsg- 1 ! and Crystal Gazsr. gi
i 34 KEAKNY STREET g
yOVEH FAMMSR3VITH i riELD'3. PHOH B'lCS Z43* gj
W- See full length portrait of Mme. Livorn? and L*stlmon:a's at entrance. rt
£E QUESTIONS by Mail, $1.00. ' Send month and year ol Hrth. y"Unless you proceed to get busy In
some game that nets you a larger propor
tion, of negotiable assets per minute. I
shall feel compelled to sever diplomatic
relations with you and push you out into
the cold, cold world to do others as you
have done me." v V 'r ; - '
The general effect of these few words
upon the wily William ' can be compared
only to the feeling induced by the sudden
precfpftatloh of a large, adult Icicle down
the back of the average human neck on
a cold day. He was dazed for a time.
Then he gathered a few of his wits to
gether and cast a cursory— not to say pro
fane—glance around him. As nearly as
he could figure it out the difference be
tween the operations of himself and his
venerable parent on his father's side con
sisted in the fact that he put up cash and
picked the long odds on the chance that
the rest of the field would fall dead in the
stretch while his parent aforesaid never
something after this manner. "My son,
your course of sin and unpaid bills is cal
culated to bring your aged parent's gray
hairs down in sorrow to the cold and
silent grave, or at least to a forty-dollar*
a-month flat. In childhood you were the
light of my life and my hope for the
future. Now it's my pocketbook that Is
light and unless some of my deals in
futures go the right way it's likely to be
a good deal lighter before the game is
done. I have toiled early and late over
the perspiring ticker In order that you
might carry an honored name and a' large
bank account through life, and this is
how you requite my loving labor. While
I am going to and fro In the narrow little
thoroughfare where the business of the
world and the dear public are done daily
you are idling away your time In abodes
of sin. where the other man gets all the
money and you get nothing but experience
that is not negotiable. While I .have
striven early and late selling Consolidated
Hot Air short and inducing my friends
to buy long you have been wasting my
substance in riotous living and you have
not even acquired the habit of winning.
The author of his being, who had been
tempted often to dispose of the copyright,
had endeavored In many ways to wean
him from his ways of sin, but without
success. He had sent him to college,
where he might delve in ancient lore and
hold communion , with the spirits of the
pact. , But the spirits with which William
held most frequent \ communion were of
the vulgar present, although he was
usually on hand .when he thought that
they/were likely to be passed. This seem
ing paradox can be ' understood only by
those who are familiar with the.ways-
and means— of our institutions of learn
ing. William* had acquired an extensive
and. valuable knowledge of anatomy from
his study of bones and a wide acquaint
ance with royalty as depicted , on. the
pasteboards with which he beguiled the
weary hours. In other respects his col
lege course may be said to have been
more or less of a failure, and the upshot
'of it* was 'the granting of an indefinite
leave of absence by the faculty for ser-.
vices rendered— by the Deputy Sheriff.
Despairing of seeing his son one of the
leading Intellectual luminaries of the day
the' old man decided to give him a chance
to break into business. If he had -locked
the door and given him a Jimmy the
chances are that the boy would have land
ed on the Inside in record time, but Wil
liam was of too fine fiber to waste the
precious hours of youth over a desk when
there was any new .way of losing money
that he hadn't ; tried. His applications
for a day off during the racing season
were as numerous as those of an experi
enced office boy with : a large family of
aged relatives in poor health, and the
only early bird that he ever imitated was
the'owL. Finally, after having paid Wil
liam about 150, per cent more than he had
earned, his alleged. employer was forced
to forego the pleasure of his presence In
the shop.
" In "despair" William's father summoned
him into his presence and addressed him
for William.
yOUNG William Blnks was engaged I
In giving a close and persistent 'im-***
itation of the black sheep of the
Binks family. Black sheep, from
the time of the late but not par
ticularly lamented Cain down to the more
recent but not more lamented William,
have had many specialties. Some are de
voted to the grand old art of internal ir
rigation; .tome amuse . themselves-'., by ':•
shooting their, fellow men full of large,
impressive holes and relieving him of his
available supply of cash assets, and some
write historical novels. William's partic
ular penchant was an addiction .to vari
ous and sundry .occupations humorously
called games of chance— by the dealer be
cause of the chance that some one. may y
get tired and quit before his money is
all gone— and devised for the special pur
pose of fulfilling the ancient saying anent
the ultimate separation of nine-tenths of
the human race from their coin. . ' .
When other young men who were a .
source of pride and income to their loving
families were busy marking- down the
prices on bargains from '75 to 74 per cent (
profit or assisting in gathering the annual
clip of lambs' wool In Wall street, he was
watching the bay pony with a hundred
and twenty-five pounds and $14 of W11-.
Ham's money up making- a' last despair
ing effortto get in before the next race
was started, or computing the chances of
filling a straight from' both ends and tha
middle.' . . :
It is needless to say that William was
a great trial to his father, likewise to his
mother, his sister and the police magis
trates. In fact, William participated in
a trial : of . some sort about every other .
week. There were few ways of prevent
ing his aged parent from giving, a dem
onstration of the surpassing ease with
which • an adult camel can pass through'"
the eye of a needle that he had not taken
a fling, at and the chances 'were good for
the' accomplishment of that desired end.
His motto was that time honored remark
of John J. Horace of the Sablne stock
farm to the effect. that it ia exceedingly
pleasant to "act the" fool* in' the "proper
place, and any old place was good enough
(Copyright. 1303, by Albert Britt.)
As a result of our careful study of the
case of William it is respectfully submit
ted to all prodigal sons, black sheep and
other small dealers that the American
Association for the Promotion of Knock
kneed Aphorisms prevents all self respect
ing union rules from working both ways—
if at all— and that what is sauce for tie
goosa ia likely to be caviare for the gaa
der.
When these few impressions had had
time to soak into his system thoroughly
William came to the conclusion that the
¦in of gambling lay in the imminent dead
ly danger of putting your money on the
wrong horse. When you knew how the
deal was going to turn out it was a busi
ness Investment. Thereupon he made up
what was left of his mind and went forth
to form a trust for the manufacture of
golf balls. When his father heard the
glad news he bowed his gray head and
wept for Joy at the sight of the prodigal
returned to a safe and profitable business,
and forthwith took him into partnership
and showed him how he could make twice
as much money in half the time in a
graft as g(u)ilt-edged as a Government
contract.
When he got home ha found his ™»irtTp!T
just coming In from tha regular M*iraaUy
free-for-all euchre In aid of tha Society
for the Support of Aged and Indigent Pus
Dogs. His sister was *<rt*"g as ofloltl
handlcapper for the church *«<» being
conducted by the Society of tha Daugh
ters of Eve of the Church of St. Dives.
When he questioned them as to the es
sential differences between their charita
ble works and what is known as gambling
he was informed by his mother that the
saving point in a charitable euchre was
that no one could ever make any use of
the prize and no one who played as fairly
as she did could hope to win any way.
From his sister he learned that there was
no gambling about a church fair because
it was a lead pipe cinch that every man
there paid ten times as much for the artl
cles that he got away with as they wera
worth.
put up anything move t**igTM> ?*»«*! a.
promise to pay if the Deputy Sheriff ooo!4
catch .him before the steamer iiliffl and
chose only the events that ha had flxs4
beforehand.
Fable for the Foolish.
THE REDEMPTION OF A BLACK SHEEP.
"When I lived In Sonoma" County,"
said the Judge, "I expounded religion. I
"Mr. Blank," said Judge Tweed, "this
is the time appointed for sentencing Pat
rick -Brunagan, who has been convicted
of housebreaklng. His counsel, I learn.
Is ill. Will you please appear for the de
fendant, for the purpose of receiving
sentence?" Mr. Blank signified his ac
ceptance of the duty required of him.
"Patrick Brunagan," said, his Honor,
"stand up and receive your sentence."
Brunagan, who was a little measly Irish
man, with mutton-chop whiskers and one
bad eye, turned deprecatingly toward the
counsel . appointed for the nonce. "Mr.
Blank," said he, "I'm not feeling very
well this morning. Won't you plaze stand
up and receive my slntence for me?" f • ¦
Judge J. B. Southard, familiarly known
as "Ben Southard," was a hater of shams.
A pretentious Arizona Jurist, who owed
his elevation to. the bench to his cousin
ship to a President's wife, was one day
vaunting his own character and career
before Ben Southard. "I made It a rule."
said the boaster, "when I was on the
bench, never to know a friend from an
enemy. I would decide & case in favor of
an enemy and against a friend Just ns
soon as I would the other way." "That
was my rule exactly," replied Ben. "But
when my enemy swore one way and my
friend another, I always believed my
friend."
"Prisoner," said Judge Southard to a
culprit who stood trembling before him,
"you have pleaded guilty i to the charge
of bigamy.* ¦ Who is twice married Is
twice punished. This court will let you
off with one hour's imprisonment and
one dollar fine."
• • •
and one of the parties dies during the
trial." Mr. Blair's argument was with
reference to an action concerning a farm
which had been tried a month before and
in which action the plaintiff died while
the case was on trial. "Your Honor -Will
pardon me." said Mr. Blair, "for thl3 di«
gression, but since the case at bar seems
not to Interest your Honor I thought
while we were reviving old cases I might
with advantage offer a few remarks on
this most Interesting question."
"The court accepts your explanation,
Mr. Blair," said Judge French, "and does
not wish to interrupt you. Indeed, you
are throwing about as much light upon
the case at bar now as you were when
the court Interrupted your original argu
ment." 'Y; : i
any of the strong Imported weaves, form
a part of the correct morning dress.
A change of coat is practically all that
is necessary when an afternoon call or a
"5 o'clock" is to be the next ceremony.
This is the frock coat, which is called
Prince Albert with persistence, probably
for the reason that Prince Albert, consort
of the late Queen Victoria, never wore a
garment at all like it. These coats are
sometimes longer in the skirt than at
other seasons; one year they show the
silk lining on the lapels, another year this
la eat out by the tailor, bet m carefal maa
who does not aspire to lead aaa wear him
frock coat for many iff" without at
tracting comment.
The same remark has bean auUte ec tbm
evening suit, but It la not troa, A man
who aspires to the title of "w%U dressed*
may not carry ever his Areas oo*t tram
one season to the other. Change* ia Cia
cut of that garment, alterations la Its La
pels. Its binding, it* material, its bat
tons may be. aa they eft*n are, rwrf
¦light from year to year, be* tfcay exist.
It may be stated that no society man Is
properly equipped for the business and
pleasure of modern life without at least
seven different suits in his wardrobe, bath
robe and pajamas not included. For the
morning sports, whether it is a ride or an
hour on the links, or even a bicycle spin,
a particular suit is required. No well
meaning man will ride 1n*the park these
winter mornings . except in his doeskin
trousers, his short, natty jacket, his ac
curate derby and gloves. Nor will he
either bicycle or golf without Incasing his
Clothes for Modern Man.
But there was one member of his bar
who was annoyed at this habit of the
Judge and who determined to express his
objections at the first . opportunity. One
warm afternoon in August, when the val
ley of the Glla was seething and all the
Idlers in Florence were sweltering under
the shade of the dirt-roofed piazza which
surrounded the old adobe building which
served for a courthouse, this gentleman,
who was employed for the defendant In
a noted divorce case, was contending be
fore Judge French that the rule of law
that the residence of the husband is the
residence of the wife did not prevail in an
action for divorce brought by a non-resi
dent wife against a resident husband.
Counsel paused for a moment in his ar
gument to pour for himself a glass of
water. "Mr. Blair," said the court, "I am
satisfied that the decision of the Supreme
Court of California is not law; I am sat
isfied that in an Indictment for stealing
bulllion from a mining company it is not
necessary to state whether the company
is a corporation or an individual— go on,
Mr. Blair." The counsel stood quietly
and received the Interruption^ The re
marks of his Honor referred 'to a bullion
stealing case In the trial of which Mr.'
Blair bad participated a week ! previous.
last day of the term It was argued at
great length before him. The Judge was
due to open court at Mineral Park, a hun
dred and forty miles distant, the follow
ing week. He was the possessor of a light
ambulance which he used In traveling the
circuit; but he owned no horses, finding
it more convenient and economical to hire
animals for each journey. "Gentlemen."
said- the court, "this motion which you
have so elaborately and ably presented
will Involve for its determination the ex
amination of a large number of author
ities, and I will not have time to look into
them until after my return from Mineral
Park. I will therefore take the motion
under sdyisement until then. And, gen
tlemen," said his Honor urbanely, "I un
derstand that you are both going to Mo
have County to attend court. I will be
glad to have you occupy seats In my am
bulance during the Journey, and I sug
gest that It will promote both the ends
of Justice and our personal comfort if I
also take the mules under advisement.
The court hear* no objection. Mr. M.,
you represent the plaintiff in this case
and you are a native of Missouri and
naturally understand the needs and char
acteristics of mules. I appoint you judi
cial equerry for the trip. Mr. F., your
rotund form suggests familiarity with the
good things of life and where to get them.
I appoint you judicial commissary and re
mind you that we shall probably be
obliged to camp out for one or two nights,
and that the water to be obtained Is not
good. Is that all satisfactory?" "Quite
so. The mules will, I am sure, enjoy the
trip. Mr. Sheriff, adjourn court to meet
next Monday at Mineral Park."
Chief Justice French was a learned and
able lawyer, who possessed a private for
tune and who accepted the Doslticn of
judge because he liked the work. He was
not In the least taciturn and<»was not dis
posed to sit mum-chance and allow the
lawyers to do all the talking. He would
"chip in" and participate in any discus
sion before him with questions and dis
sertations and side-bar remarks, and if
the case at bar did not offer opportunities
for him he would refer to some other
case*. *Those lawyers who understood this
Idiosyncrasy of the Judge always hum
ored him, and listened patiently until he
was through, and! then proceeded with the
trial of the pending case.
calves In Scotch hose, his thighs In strik
ing plaids from the same canny country
and with broad eaved cap of a stuff
matching his jaunty jacket.
The day thus auspiciously and correctly
begun draws to the business hours, and
for this Insistent period the dress which
varies only slightly from year to year
and from season to season must, be
donned. The sack suit Is the American's
Ideal of comfortable wear for business. It
happens to be a double-breasted sack with
two rows of three buttons each at the
moment. Next year It may be a double
breasted sack with but one row of but
tons, but while these changes are of vast
importance to the correct dresser they do
not Interfere .with the broad principle that
a short coat without tails is the business
man's choice.' Details may be left to the
nine tailors who are required, according
to the adage, to make a man.
But suppose a man has accepted an In
vitation to take luncheon with a party at
one of the fashionable restaurants.
The hour is set for half past 1, and in
order to dress correctly for that function,
unconventional-' though it may be, the
proper thing for him to do is to return to
his rooms (we are Just beginning to call
them ¦fchambers) and make a new toilet:
He then dons that peculiarly American
garment called indifferently "morning
coat", and "cutaway." With this he must
not wear the comfortable soft bosomed
ehirt which goes so well with the sack
suit, s but don a pretty percale or any
other, shirt that is not plain
white. The expanse of linen"
belongs nowadays exclusively with the
evening suit. Trousers of cassimere, or
"By what right," asked Chief Justice
French of an aspirant for admission to
the bar, "does the Arizona Legislature
enact laws?" "By the right," replied the
aspirant, confidently, "of eminent do
main." : j ' •
used to hold ; court on week days and
preach on Sundays. I found an old vol
ume of the sermons of Henry Ward
Beecher — the grandest - man that ; ever
lived — and I took the pains to commit
them to memory and I- used "¦ to preach
them to my. congregation, and those
Yahoos would Jgo to sleep under them,
and when I preached a sermon of my own
composition they would snivel and howl
and cry Amen. Well, that let me out. I
threw up my job as a preacher and 'never
took it up again."
Judge Southard's death was as genial
and as filled with good fellowship as his
life. He was seated on the hotel piazza
at Santa Rosa conversing with some
friends. Suddenly he sprang to his feet.
"Good-by, boys," said he, "I'm off." And
he dropped lifeless at their feet.
• • •
Let not distinguished counsel from East
ern or Western cities sneer at any Terrf-
It is only a fair tribute to the histrionic
powers of the actress to relate that when
the tangle was unraveled, the bedstead
restored and the curtain raised the roar
of laughter which greeted the catastrophe
was bushed to respectful silence, and the
scene was duly finished amid the tears
and cheers of the audience.
I was stage manager, and it is my proud
boast that I kept the company together
in perfect harmony with one exception
during fourteen consecutive weekly per
formances, which Included the dramas of
Bulwex. Robertson, Sardou and Boud
cault. Shakeepeare we did not attempt.
"We contemplated presenting "Hamlet,"
but the gentleman who was to delineate
the melancholy Dane insisted upon intro
ducing some original features, which he
claimed were Justified by the text, such
as a Sute solo by Hamlet in the Eecond
act, accompanied by a terpsichorean
dlvertlsement. When we refused to allow
him to have his way he grew insubordi
nate and left the company, with a threat
to shoot up the town and to begin bis ca
reer by making a target of any gentle
man who should attempt the part of
Hamlet in his place. As nobody became a
Ehlnlng mark for him we substituted
"East Lynne."
I had a large extension bed-chair in my
cQce, which at night was occupied as a
couch by our clerk. This was carried over
to be used as a bed for little Willie when
in the last act be passes In his checks.
The part of William was taken by a 6
year-old girl, who was one of our
"troupe." The stage official who set the
scene neglected to shoot the bolt which
kept the two ends of the chair in place,
and when Mrs. Fitch, who played the
Earl's daughter, threw herself In an
agony of grief upon the couch of the dy
ing child the head and foot boards of the
contrivance shut up with a click, like a
country jackknife, and as the curtain
went- down there^ was visible a pair of
gaiters poised toward the celling, while
the dying child howled. "Let me out; let
me out!"
THE moon behind a cloud, whose
edges were tipped with silvery radi
ance, the stars blazing through the
darkness, the distant moumaiTJ
with purple summits streVhing up
ward to the very gates of heaven, plains
brown and drear, seamed with bending
orchards and vales like the lawn of para
dise, the upper Gi!a tumbling in cascades,
the Colorado foaming through gorges a
mile in depth, giant cacti uplifting their
ghostly arms in the glocm, the electric
air, the indescribable charm cf the desert,
and then, as the night skies began to be
j'«-nc!!ed with the <Jaw/i. the song of the
lark, "the herald of the morn," bubbled
up in matchless melody over the rim of
the dark, and It was morning in Arizona,
Poor old Arizona. For twenty-five years
her matchless resources have been almost
untouched and her people have growled a
little, and hoped a good deal and waited
with longing and impatience for the tc^a
virllis of statehood, whose enfranchising
touch will invigorate the life and spur
the energies of Arizona, and bring to her
capital and people to develop her won
derful resources of field and forest and
mine.
Yet for the delay in achieving local
self-government. Arizonans themselves
have been not altogether blameless, for
*hen there was a Democratic majority In
Congress they would elect a Republican
delegate to Congress, and when Congress
was Republican they would hasten to
roll up a Democratic majority. Before
lR$a parties were not organized there and
all candidates were "independent." for
the people regarded both political parties
much as the South Sea islander looked
upon the new born twins, of which he
was the father. They were too small to
fight, and too I«»an to be eaten, and so
he neither loved nor respected them.
Other cities of "the sun-klsspd land"
rray have a grander future than Prescott,
but none have greater beauty of location.
It Is nestled in a charming mountain val
ley, girt with pine c'ad hills and boasting
of a stream— the Hassayampa— which, un
like some other streams in Arizona, very
often has water in it. The railroad,
which now reaches it. has deprived it of
its former charm of isolation, when it
was a little world of itself. And a world
that was up to the times. It was adjacent
to Fort Whipnle # the headquarters of a
military department. There was a bril
liant coterie of officers and their families
end there was always "something doing."
Private theatricals, masked balls, dinners
and other functions kept the military
bands busy and the young men in an im
pecunious condition. The citizens were
enterprising and liberal, the mines were
rich, money was plentiful, and a little
theater, 'costing nearly 110.000, was erected
by voluntary subscriptions. Waifs of all
kinds drift into mining camps. We found
a lawyer, who had once been a scene
painter at Wallack's, a banker's assistant,
who was an ex-stage carpenter, and ama
teur actors were as plentiful as frogs In
April. A colonel at the fort was as clever
a light comedian as ever walked the
boards; bis wife was a renowned Wash
ington beauty and a clever actress. A
signal service operator proved an excel
lent character actor— he has since gained
fame and fortune In New York as the
author of "My Friend from India," "The
Man from Mexico," and other dramatic
suocesses. Murat Masterson not only
was an artist with the brush, but he
played Joseph in Richelieu, and Damon
In Damon and Pythias, and the violin,
and the Oasis saloon with equal success.
He was a many aided genius, for he had
been first officer of a Confederate cruiser,
had taught mathematics in a Kentucky
academy, and was a leading lawyer in
Arizona and a member of the Legisla
ture. The b«st furniture and draperies
and brie-a-brao of Prescott houses
adorned the stage on occasions, and when
we seeded a Cardinal'* guard for Riche
lieu we had at our service a company of
real soldiers from Fort Whlpple, who
dropped to their knees like hot potatoes
when his Eminence pronounced the curse
of Rome.
(Copyright, 1303, by Thomas Fitch.)
torlal bar or bench. The litigation—lucra
tive to lawyers— which attends upon 'rich
mineral discoveries often tempts the keen
est Intellects to the frontier forum.
There were largo fees paid to at
torneys In Arizona in former . years,
and 'there was an able a bench as
could be found In any Eastern city.
Judge Charles A. Tweed — dead now,
of course: it seems to me sometimes as
if everybody who Is anybody is dead
was a jurist, a philosopher and a wag.
On one occasion a motion bad been made
before him to discharge from attachment
a pair of valuable buggy mules and oa the
In that case he had vainly endeavored to
procure a dismissal of the Indictment on
the ground now referred to by Judge
French, but the Jury had subsequently
acquitted the defendant and the case was
at an end.
"Go on with your argument,. Mr. Blair,"
Bald the Judge.
"If your Honor pleases," said Blair, "X
know that the statute provides that neith
er party shall be allowed to testify as to
verbal declarations made by the other
party where the other party Is dead, but
X submit that the statute does not apply
to cues where th» pleadings are verified
THE SUNDAY CALL.
RECOLLECTIONS AND REFLECTIONS OF THOMAS FITCH.
14
THE SUN-KISSED
LAND.
Tkis Is the
Tentli of Tliese
Clever Articlesrg*p* jw "W "^ *k° beautiful town of Pumpkinton, on the banks cf
*yr5*/ 2fikv BL IS ", '
J^^P\$MM "^ **** loyal fruit and vegetable folks honored Pump
- -vv With wondrous pomp and glory, King Peter, loved by
all,
Was escorted by Hayor Parsnip to a great reception hall.
Tor hours and hours the monarch, sat in his richest robes of state
And was introduced to one and all by the Mayor so sedate.
After all had kiesed the ruler's hand, a magnificent ball took place
In the chamber cf the council, which afforded sufficient space.
The gallant Mr. Crookneck Squash was master of the floor,
And policeman Pat Potato took up tickets at the door.
Promptly at the moment fixed, a burst of music grand
Carrie frora a bank of potted palms from Turnip's great brass band.
Crookneck Squash pranced to the fore, and while the room was still
Announced that the first dance number would be' a grand quadrille..
• • •
••Salute your partners, balance all," old Grandpa Prune piped out,
And dainty little Prissie Peach was whirled by Melon stout.
"Ladies step forward," Grandpa sang out, "and then all hands around,
And bo-sr to your partners right and left and bow down to the ground.
Spring like a river bridge, you all, and balance once again,"
And the way old Onion swung Miss Plum was funny to the men.
"All hands forward, all hands back, and do the Highland fling,
And then rush over to the throne and salute your mighty king."
After some light refreshments Grandpa Prune announced the lancers/
And the spacious floor was crowded with eager, happy dancers.
Zt seems that while the dance was on a robber bad and bold K
Sneaked into the check-room and of Crookneck's hat took hold.
The theft was not discovered until very late at night.
And poor Crookneck knew not what to do in his very sorry plight.
Since Crookneck had no hat to wear, and the air was very chill,
. . . . -.
Aunty Cabbage thought he might catch cold and become so very UL
.When 'twas time to leave the ballroom she told the hatlejs one
That she would wrap around his head her scarf, which was homespun.
He thanked her very, very much, but he was a sight to see
¦..-•¦¦..¦
.When he started away with. Miss Eggplant, a belle in society.
Zing Pumpkin praised the committee for the success of the great event,
j^-nA accompanied by the Mayor he from the ballroom went.
He announced that at some future time he would confer upon a few
Decorations quite important and titles— one or two.
Grandpa Prune rushed things so fast that Flag Pumpkin cried out "Stop I**
Or all the dancers 11 get bo weak that to tha floor they'll drop_. n
Old Grandpa made a fine saTftam, and cold the danoe was ended, '
And the thankful dancers one and all their way to the punchbowl wended.
The next dance on the list, my sweets, was a slow and dreamy waltz,
And Crookneck danced with a Gooseberry girl, whom ha loved with, all
her faults.
Jonathan Apple and Hellis Fear glided gracefully here and there, \
And so good a judge as Ganteloupje said that they wers dancers rare*-
Old Water Melon waltzed around with beauteous Brussels Sprout,
Until he stepped on her tiny toe and she had to be carried out*
THE SUNDAY CAJLIj.
THE WONDERFUL KINGDOM OF
WONDERFUL THINGS
15
Watch for "Captain Sharkey," by A, Conan Doyle , Next Sunday CallMildred Curtis, 918 Ellis street,
San Francisco; De Witt Pfaeffle, 1839
Market street, San Francisco; Nal
Curtis, 918 Ellis street, San Francis
co; Susie Hooper, 251 San Carlos ave
nue, San Francisco; Josephine Baer,
1200 Geary street, San Francisco;
Lillian Richards, Vallejo; Mannette
Leary, 2727 Pacific avenue, San Fran
cisco; Tom Brown, Hilton; Alice
Creighton, 826 Harrison street, San
Francisco; C. Mansfield, 826 Harrison
street, San Francisco; Violet March,
Stockton; Eddie Fonteneau, Stockton;
Kate Carroll, 141 Thirteenth street,
ftjm Francisco; Frank Carroll, 141
Thirteenth street, San Francisco;
Adelo Badarous, 104 Baker street,
San Francisco; Elaine Standish, 1275
Waller street, San Francisco; Josie
Brown, Winters; Eddie Barry, An
gels; Edna Flemming, Calistoga;
Ellsworth Mellon, 379 Alcatraz ave
nue, Oakland; Janet Arndt, Stockton;
Albert Buneman, 978 Hayes street,
San Francisco; Bess Richardson,
Vallejo; Frank Kelly, Vallejo; Ches
ter Wells, 26 Bincon place, San Fran
cisco; Hazel Maynard, 2108 Green
wich street, San Francisco; Alfred
Hasten, 7 3 5 Laurel avenue, San
Francisco; Edna Scriven, Melrose;
Maggie Norton, 1315 California
street, San Francisco; Stanley Hel
more, 1468 Twelfth street, San Fran
f Cisco; Grace Fauth, 238 Fourteenth
' street, San Francisco; Dorothy Cramp,
Vallejo; Eunice Cramp, Vallejo; A.
W. Kennedy, 1630 Market street,
San Francisco; Ethel Eckfeldt, 1920
Howard street, San Francisco; G.
Randolph, 1529 Oak street, San Fran
cisco; Tom Edwards, 2 7 3 8 Pine
street, San Francisco; J. F. Frazier,
Goat Island; Irene Wissing, 240 Four
teenth 6treet, San Francisco; C. Reil
ly, 721 Hampshire street, San Fran
cisco; Walter Sorensen, 207 Four
teenth street, San Francisco; Harold
Behnexnan, 2111 San Jose avenue,
Alameda; Viola Bowman, Fruitvale;
Mrs. Lubbock, Alameda; Agnes
Thomson, Lafayette; Anna McKenzie,
Sausalito; Frank Pendergast, Val
lejo; Max Rohde. 474 Edwards street,
Oakland; Fred Dixon, 79 Pleasant
street. San Francisco; Ruth. Bastian,
171 Seventh street, Oakland; L.
Ricci, Stockton; Edna Daley, 322
Eureka street, San Francisco; Lillian
Burgers,^ 571 Twenty-fourth street,
Oakland; -Antoinette Paolina, Stock
ton; Flores Pattee, Campo Seco; Lloyd
Evans, 1635 Page street, San Fran
cisco; M. Lichardt, Sacramento; L.
Bogers, 2516 Sutter street, San Fran
cisco; Alice Blacklock, 1374 Sacra
mento street, San Francisco; Irene
Red in. 138 Fair Oaks street, San
Francisco.
WINNERS
OF NOV. 8.
These Ptc^ss Rep^senVthe Nairos of Njne outdoor
Spoi-ts—^arps TheTi.a^d Win a Priz£.
GHIDREN, SEND IN YOUR PICTURES.
LAST CHANCE, CHILDBEN. WAKE UT, EVEBYBODY. This is the THIBTEENTH and last
contest of the Fifth Series, and if you want either of' those SPECIAL PRIZES for the highest per
centage during the -whole thirteen weeks it behooves you to think lively s and let the Puzzle Editor
receive your answers long before the time limit set for next -'Friday Noon. "'Behooves Is a very
food word and if it puzzles you as much as the puzzlcs^themselves you will find it interesting to look it
up in the dictionary. And besides the Special Frizes, just think of the regular weekly prize that you
may win at the same time.. Don't forget that #h?re , are SIXTY of them every week, TWENTY DIF
FERENT BOOKS to choose from— books that are classics, which means the best ever written, the books
everybody wants to read, the books everybody wants to keep and read and read again and' again. That
is another reason why the Puzzle Editor has selected this beautiful New Landscape Series, a special edi
tion designed particularly for a Christmas book. Each cover shows a different picture in multiple colors
pnri each picture is a work of art in itself.
And then there are those Superfine French Faints. Just think of the Christmas presents you
can make with those. And besides all this there is the Honorary Gallery of Prize Winners.
So remember this: You will all have a chance not only to win a prize/ but to get your picture
published as well. The Puzzle Editor wants all prize winners from now on to send in their pictures— the
whole sixty every week if possible. Begin right now. Don't wait. The more the merrier. There can't
be too many. But remember only the prize winners can have their pictures published.
; « Each of the Nine pictures in this, the thirteenth and last .contest of the FIFTH SERIES of Name
Puzzles, represent an outdoor Bport. Can you ifuessP Ah! There is rich reward for you if you can. Bemem
ber this is your last chance for the SPECIAL $5 and $10 prize for the highest percentage of the whole thir
teen weeks of the Fifth Series Ttl^"::
„ And now listen carefully: THERE ARE SIXTY PRIZES, and this ii what you must do to win
one of them:
Find the name of nine outdoor sports represented by the Small Puzzle Pictures on this page, and
write them out in full in the space opposite the proper corresponding number provided for
the purpose in the coupon on this page, as per directions; fill in the coupon with your name and ad
dress and the prize you desire — if you win— and send the picture, with the coupon attached, to the EDI
TOR OF THE NA2KE PUZZLE PAGE, Sunday Call, San Francisco, CaL .
BEMEMBEB— To the FIBST SIXTY BOYS AND GIRLS who «olve the IHne Name Puzzles cor
rectly, one of these SIXTY BEAUTIFUL PRIZES will be awarded. •:.-•¦ .
And don't forget this next point, because it is very important: ALL ANSWERS MUST 'REACH
THIS OrFICE BY FRIDAY NOON. This gives all those in the country an equal chance to compete.
Read everything on this page, to be sure that you overlook nothing that will help you to win a prize.
THE NAMES OF- THE LUCKY WINNERS "WILL BE PUBLISHED IN THE SUNDAY CALL
TWO WEEKS FROM TO-DAY, December 6.
. -These are the TWENTY BEAUTIFUL BOOKS from which' you may select if yon solve all th»
puzzles correctly: A Wonder Book, by Hawthorne; Evangeliae, toy Longfellow; The Fairy Land* of
Science, by Buckley; Greek Heroes, by Kingsley; Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, by Carroll; Old*
Christmas, bylrving; The Water Babies, by Kingsiey; A Child's Gar dan of Verses, by Stevenson; Jet
eica's First Prayer, by Stretton; Christie's Old Organ, by Walton; The Sketch Book, by Irving; Xava
nagh, by Longfellow; CranfordV.by Gaskell; The Pilgrim's Progress, by Bunyan^Wie Cricket '. on -the
Hearth, by Dickens; The T^les fronwSJiakespeare, by Lamb; Treasure; Island, by Stevenson; Adventures
cf a Brownie, by Mulock^addle^ni M&»>qjoosey f s Mission and : The Magic.Nuts, by Molesworth. :
• J ', /U t&^XOXpXfSVVteSLSJim FRENCH POINTS.
THE SUNDAY CAIili.
16
NAME PUZZLES
Solve tho Puzzles,
Fill Out the Coupon
and Send It to
Ifce Fuzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S. F.
To Puzzle Editor, Sunday Call,
San Francisco:
Below in their proper num-
bers please find my solution of
the names of Nine Different
Outdoor Sports represented in
this week's Name Puzzles.
8y
A n mm — .^-..-..^.» 11|1|>tM|
• l,... M ,.
- *«* , U ?" ¦ • . -
8 myaiiMiwuimiiiiiiMM
7 »» 1 ....M.^ r . 1r . V y.»»»<W«|M
" M. m*mm*Jim + mm_m.BmmmjL*»%aJt* *mmjum
Q
'/
KovtmbeT 22, 1903.'/
. Street or P. 0. ••••ki... "
City .......... V^v....«;..^
Stats i «
If I win I choose for prize
(Bee List of Prizes.)LITERARY WOMEN OF LONDON ARE PLANNING TO ORGANIZE
AN INTERNATIONAL CLUB WITH BACKING OF MANY MILLIONS
PARIS. Nov. 21.— Countess de Fonc
quevllle. whose efforts to earn a living
with a laundry were recounted recently,
says that she was approached by a rep
resentative of the Duke of Chartres.
who asked her if she would acept 2000
francs (J4G0) a year to settle her claims.'
. She will decide after taking legal ad
vice. The laundry has been seized for
debt.
Countess a Washerwoman.
POPE WILL KEEP THE
VATICAN ABCHTVES OPEN
Piua Will Continue Policy of Leo
XTTT in Allowing Inspection
of Records.
ROME, Nov. 2L — When asked by
Professor Pastor of the Historical In
stitute here to continue his predeces
sor's policy of throwing open the Vati
can archives to research, the Pope an
swered :
"It is my strict Injunction that Pope
Leo's policy shall be continued In that
respect We have nothing to fear from
the truth."
In accepting a copy of Professor
Pastor's '.'History of the Popes," the
Pope said:
"You are right not to conceal the hu
man weaknesses of the Popes. These
are like clouds before the sun, which
radiates the more - brilliantly for the
transitory obscuration,'' *
t Monkey Entertains Parisians.
PARIS, Nov. 21.— Mrs. Bull, the wife
of a distinguished oculist « of ¦ Paris,
made a "lion" 'of a monkey, this week.
In her invitations to a reception she in
formed her t guests , that they were ; to
meet Consul, a.\ celebrated chimpanzee,
which drew crowds to the Folles Bef
geres.
Consul was duly presented to the
company, garbed in faultless evening
dress, and with manners leaving noth
ing to be desired. "He\ate ice creams
and flirted with * the women- like a
"vieux^matrcheur." In- fact, he did
everything except sing.
The novelty was pronounced a hit. •'.
Memorial to Boer War Horses.
LONDON, Nov. 21.— A curious memo
rial of ; the: Boer , War is recorded from
Surrey. At Burstaw,- in that f country,
a drinking trough > . and; fountain 'has
been erected by a local > personage^ In
memory of ' 400,000 horses ; killed * and
FIND GEMS OF SEBVTA'S
.' . .. MTTBDEBED MONABCHS
Stolen Jewels, Were Buried in a De
serted Part of "the Palace
v Garden.
BELGRADE, Servla, Nov. 21.— The
Jewelry, stolen from the murdered King
and Queen has been unearthed In a de
serted ' part of the old • palace garden.
Several bracelets, a diamond diadem, a
locket containing a : miniature of the
King Jand three other Jewels were
found. The > ghastliest discovery was a
decomposed 'finger with the exceedingly
valuable 'ring King Alexander always
wore, 'which had ' disappeared". The
jewels,-: wrapped in . a piece of water
proof, were, found by two of the King's
servants, who' were, caught 'offering to
sell a bracelet and then surrendered the
remainder. •""•^ r
wounded during the South African War
from 1899 to 1902 . "in a cause of which
they knew nothing.". .
WELL-KNOWN AUTHORS AND WRITERS,' WHO ARE HELPING TO ESTABLISH THE INTERNATIONAL
CLUB IN LONDON FOR WOMEN WHO FOLLOW LITERARY, PURSUITS. •: THE CLUB WILL HJLVE UN
:'..f LIMITED FINANCIAL AID IN THE ENTERPRISE. ' - ' . A •
The Grand Duke Cyril is a clever,
none too robust young fellow, but he
has become completely captivated by
his dashing cousin, and even if he is
cut off from the succession he declares
his firm resolve to marry her. He is
the eldest sen of the Grand Duke
Vladimir.
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. 21.— Grand
Duke Cyril of Russia has risked a
crown for a wife In betrothing himself
to his cousin, the Princess Victoria of
Saxe-Coburg. There are but three lives
between him and the czardom. but
there is a proposal to disinherit him
unless he gives up the marriage.
The Princess Victoria formerly was
wife of the Grand Duke of Hesse, also
her cousin, with whom she arranged a
divorce • on the ground of incompati
bility by mutual consent. The mar
riage was not a happy one.
The Grand Duke is an easy-going,
rather phlegmatic individual, whereas
the. Grand Duchess Is a bundle of
nerves, and. like all three daughters
of the Duke of Edinburgh, possessed of
an exceptionally strong wllL Her sis
ter, the Crown Princess of Roumanla.
makes no pretense of showing any def
erence to her husband, who apparently
is quite satisfied as long as he Is left
alone to his books and his dreams.
The Princess Victoria- Is a daring
horsewoman and whip, driving a four
in-hand with perfect mastery, and ut
terly unconventional.
Grand Duke of Bussia May Be Dis
inherited If He Marries Hia
Cousin.
BISKS CROWN FOB THE
WOMAN OF HIS CHOICE
casional opportunities of meeting the
most distinguished literary people in
London and those who come to Eng
land a3 visitors. Frequent receptions
will be held and membership in the
club will constitute invitation. The
first 500 American members are to be
admitted without entrance fee. The
permanent American subscription will
be $5.
¥*ss AJys Hallard. the English writ
er, Is in Paris arranging for the open
ing of clubrooms there in/ connection
with the London "Lyceum." French
members are! already coming in and
there has been a hearty response from
Germany and Scandinavia. The club
plans to send some one to Greece and
Italy a little later in the season.
Several London sites are under con
sideration for the club. One is a series
of buildings in the historic Temple; a
second is Clement's Inn, a huge apart
ment house overlooking the law courts
in the Strand; a third is the building
now in process of erection adjoining the
ISavoy Hotel on the Victoria embank
ment; a fourth Is tne old-fashioned
Covent Garden Hotel. Whichever build
ing is finally decided upon, it.willbe
remodeled into the most comfortable
of clubhouses, 'with drawing-rooms,
working-rooms, reception-rooms, read
ing-room, lounges, library, dining
rooms (one for members only, another
for members and guests), meals table
d'hote and a la carte, with • varying
rates of tariff according to choice of
menu, private sitting-rooms, bedrooms,
dressing-rooms, masseuses, hair-dress
ers, manicurists, sewing maids and all
the rest of it. *
"The Lyceum" will give nftmbers oc-
SELECTING A HOUSE.
Miss Trimble leaves newspaper work
temporarily in order to accept this mis
sion for the Lyceum Club. - She will
be engaged throughout the winter, pre
senting its objects to the more Import
ant of the innumerable* women's -clubs
In America.
As representative of the English com
mittee. Miss Jessie Trimble will sail for
America soon to organize the club in
the United States as secretary pro tern.
Miss Trimble has done newspaper
work in London for two years and a
half, and before coming abroad was
connected with Chattanooga and Cin
cinnati papers, and immediately pre
ceding her connection with the London
Daily Express was on the Chicago Rec
ord. It was that paper which sent her
to Paris to write of whatever was of
interest to women in the exposition in
1900. She then got her first experience
with European work, an experience
which led her again to cross the ocean,
after being back in Chicago six months,
to begin writing in London.
the opinion of its distinguished mem
bers, is destined to be an important in
fluence In the literary world, is a 23
year-old girl. Miss Constance Smedley,
author of "An April Princess" and
"The Boudoir Critic," and of several
plays purchased by Mrs. Patrick Camp
bell. Miss Smedley was moved with
sympathy for the innumerable women
writers of London who have no really
comfortable homes. It seemed to Miss
Smedley that the whole status of writ-
Ing women would be raised If they
could be given a club as beautiful and
complete as the most fashionable club
in London. A little while later some of
this young lady's rich friends came for
ward and provided her with almost
limitless capital for the forwarding
of her Bcheme. The members take no
financial risks whatever. It is Miss
Smedley's determination to make the
club rich enough for the richest women
who may wish to live there, and yet by
obtaining a large membership, to make
rates cheap enough for the most modest
Journalist. She Intends having a large
reference library and other practical
features.
tical help with such Intellectual prac
tical work as they are engaged in.
FOUNDER A YOUNG WOMAN.
The founder of this club, which, in
"The Lyceum," like' all English
•women's clubs, has one radical differ
ence from the American club. Its mem
bers "will net meet! They will not dis
cuss — that is, as a body in congrega
tion assembled. They will merely have
B. comfortable place to live In and x>rac-
In addition they purpose to keep
members in touch with active literary
life by means of an Information bureau
Tvhich hag been thought out on original
lines. A member of the Lyceum who
lives, for Instance, In California and
*a.nts to sell a manuscript in London,
WA be advised as to the best person to
eend it to. If she writes a book and
tvants it translated into French and
published in Paris, she will be given
the addresses of translator and pub
lisher. Museums and libraries all over
the Continent will co-operate with the
club eo that through It the California
member can get research work done,
or if she wants to come abroad and do
it herself she will be given, the proper
instructions to curators of Institutions
v-here her ctudy Is to be done. This
information bureau has been most min
utely planned &nd will Include such less
learned branches as theaters, concerts,
lectures, shops and current matters.
LONDON, Nov. 21.— There Is likely
to be a lot of American Interest a few
¦weeks hence in a unique club for
women which has been organized bo
quietly in London that this is practi
cally the first word that has been said
about it in print. It is evidently going
to be a big affair, with International
connections, and with money enough
already guaranteed to enable It to do
tilings en a large scale from the start.
Broadly speaking, the object of the
Lyceum Club, as it is to be called, is
to bring literary women and university
women the world over Into touch with
cne another. Not only are such writers
es Mrs. Humphry "Ward, John Oliver
Hcbbes (Mrs. Craigie), Flora Annie
Steel. Lucas ilalet, Beatrice Harraden.
Mrs. Meynell. Mrs. W. K. Clifford and
Miss Rhoda Broughton members of the
club committee, but the universities of
Newnham and Girton at Cambridge are
taking up the scheme. It Is understood
that* 150 women with scientific degrees
xsill come Into the new dub en masse
and the long-established "Writers'
Club** of London with Its 500 members
Is planning to merge Itself in the Ly
ceum.
LADY BAXFOTJB CO-OPEBATES.
Lady Frances Balfour, sister of the
Duke of Argyle and hence sister-in-law
of Princess Louise, King Edward's sis
ter, has heartily given her support to
the Lyceum and will bring with her
a large element of radical women.
Lady Frances, who does not agree in
politics with her brother-in-law, the
Prime Minister of England, is an ardent
vomaa suffragist, but so far as I can
discover the club will have nothing to
do with politics, or any other cause.
Others actively working are Lady Bat
tersea (of the Rothschild family); Mrs.
Pa^et Toynbee, wife of the famous
Dante authority and herself the editor
of the forthcoming Clarendon Press
edition of the Horace WaJpole letters;
Miss Elizabeth Maxbury, the Countess
dl BrazzL formerly Miss Cora Slocumb
of New Orleans, and Mrs. Alfred Stead,
formerly Miss Elaine Hussey of Indian
apolis, .daughter-in-law of W. T. Stead.
These ladies are to purchase a club
house in the very heart of London, with
as many bedrooms as a large hotel, to
give members In all parts of the world
a stopping place in London, and to pro
vide permanent residence for those who
live in London ard wish to make the
club their home. ':¦'¦', ]'.
Mr. Arter Is keenly enthusiastic at
the prospect of exhibiting In the "one
man" way during the season in London
next June, and later in Berlin. He will
collect the more important of his pic
tures while in the United States, will
paint there T for a few weeks and then
return to England to get ready for his
exhibition. Among ' the American
women whose portraits may figure in
the collection are Mrs. George W. Kln
ney of Cleveland. Mrs. Clark Browning
of Toledo, the late Mrs. Archibald
White, whose tragic death occurred in
New York last winter; Mrs. J. J. Wy
sbng, Mrs. Francis Burrell Hoffman
and Mrs. Fred Benedict, all of New
York. Mr. Arter has just finished a
portrait of Mrs. "William Luther Croll,
his cousin, who died in London last fall.
Mrs. Croll was formerly Mis3 Alice
Maud Whlttaker of . Chicago, but she
was almost as well known in Cleveland
as is Mr. Arter.'ffijffggggJB
Another picture recently finished by
this lucky artist Is one of Governor
J. C. Arter, .an American from
Cleveland, was yesterday given com
mission to paint the portrait of the
Archbishop of Canterbury. Mr. Arter
expects to sail for the United States in
a lew days, and win do the portrait of
the Archbishop in London Immediately
on hla' return to England. The h*ad of
the Church of England called on Mr.
Arter, saw his latest work, the painting
of Lady "Wiltshire, a celebrated Eng
lish beauty, and forthwith decided to
be "done" by the American. The Arch
bishop's only condition was that he be
allowed to 'go home and get his wife's
help in choosing the photograph from
which Mr. Arter will . make some pre
liminary sketches of his Grace. Thus
in another instanc* has the Archbishop
proved the truth of the current opin
ion that Mrs. Randall Davidson has a
large Influence In small as well as great
matters ' In connection with Lambeth
Palace, official residence of the Arch
bishop In London. Another cleric on
Mr. Arter's list is his Holiness the
Pope, who has consented "to sit" in the
spring.
AMEBICAN ARTISTS LUCK.
LONDON, Nov. 21. — Andrew Carnegie
has been -having a pretty tiff with a
parson lately and has come out ahead.
¦The trouble was ovtt an offer of $30,000,
which he made recently to the town of
Ilford for the establishment of "a li
brary. " The rector of the parish church
who seems to 'be a sort of local Savo
narola, told hla congregation that what
they wanted was not trashy ! novels,
but bonfires in which to burn them.
This and other remarks attacking Mr.
Carnegie angered the millionaire so
much that he wired immediately with
drawing the offer. His decision caused
eucn a storm in the little Essex town
that the vicar's church was practically
boycotted and the vicar's life was made
miserable. Parishioners who had hith
erto respected him would pass him by
without recognition. Members of the
Town Council who favored the accept
ance of the offer appealed to Mr. Car
negie to reconsider his decision, but he
Insisted on an apology from the vicar
and this the vicar steadfastly refused
to give.
At last It was decided that a delega
tion be sent to Sklbo and appeal to the
great man personally. The strained
relations of the vicar and his congrega
tion were put vividly before him and
then,, after consulting his secretary,^ he
yielded. "After all.", said he "this vicar
of Ilford is but one man with, I sup
pose, one. ordinary man's . intelligence,
and as It appears now that he has not
much following in regard to his opin
ions about the education of the work
ing classes you can have the $50,000 and
It is to be hoped that the vicar will
never condescend to borrow a book out
of the library." [
almost Immediately.
LADY HEBBEBT STELL ACTIVE.
The mother of Great Britain's Uto
Embassador to the United States Is a
remarkable type of British matron.
Lady Herbert of Lea is getting on In
years, but she still continues her liter
ary work (with decided Journalistic
leanings), and her vigilant efforts on
behalf of the Roman Catholic church.
Although she has the reputation of
having brought more converts into her
church than any other woman in Eng
land, she has not been able to convince
those in her own household. Sons and
daughters alive have remained Protest
ant. One of the Intimate friends of Lady
Herbert Is the Catholic Dowager Duch
ess, her Grace of Newcastle, who, like
Lady Lea, was converted to Catholi
cism. It was Lady Herbert who was
primarily responsible for sending Flor
ence Nightingale to the . Crimea, and
the two remain great friends to this
day. ; V»,~
Stone, -which will har.tr In the State
House In Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.
Robert S. McCormick, United States
Embassador at St. Petersburg, traveled
literally on schedule time on his last
visit to "Western Europe. He spent a
few days in London, arranged his busi
ness in Paris so that it was transacted
In three days, en route home, visited
Berlin hastily, and was gone altogether
only about three weeks. Mr. McCor
mick Is largely responsible for the
choice of young Spencer Eddy of Chi
cago, recently of the America embassy
In Paris, to the first secretaryship in St.
Petersburg. Mr. Eddy goes to Russia
Will Form Branch
in America at
Once.
Lucky American Artist From Cleveland, Ohio,
Will Paint a Portrait of the Arch
bishop of Canterbury.
CARNEGIE COMES OUT BEST
IN TILT WITH A PARSON
Patronesses Who
Are Ladies of
Nobility.
. . . " . *¦ ¦ ' •* • \
Pages17to'20
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1903.
P2geJH7 to 20"Iris" will remain the attraction at
the Columbia this week. This, the last
of the Pinero plays to reach this side
of the Atlantic, has probably caused
more discussion than any of the much
discussed plays of this master. It is
here in the hands of Virginia ; Harned
and her company, who interpret it
with - admirable intelligence. Miss
Harned in the title role is a sumptuous
figure, and William " Courtnay as the
lover, and Maldonado as the millionaire
are prominent in the" support. The piece
Is going with much 'more elan than on
its initial : presentation here, the com
pany being then tired out with their
long and fatiguing Journey from Den
ver. . ".-¦¦¦' -. -¦; ' ¦' .' ¦ ; ¦
- Whatever the ethical merits of the
play it is at least prollflb of discussion,
and will not fail to Interest.
This is the last week of "Ben-Hur"
at the Grand' Opera-house, and will
mark the close of one of the most 'sue-.
Plays That Will
Be Seen at the
Local Theaters
In the course of the three years dur
ing which, she has starred, Grace
George has been supported by some of
the best-known player* in America.
Among those who have appeared In her
various excellent companies are Aubrey
Boucicault, Ernest Hastings, Rose
Coghlan, Wilton Lackaye, Max Fre'e
man, Frank Worthing, Sheridan Block,
Ralph Stuart, Grace Henderson, Vin
cent Serrano, Francis Carlisle, Annie
Ward Tiffany and Robert Loralne.
Al Leach, who is .starring In "Girls
Will Be Girls," recently got a request
for tickets from a man whose only
claim waa his financial prominence.
The note read: "I understand that you
are a good entertainer. Please send me
two seats. G. D." ,Mr. Leach mailed
the pasteboards with the following re
ply: "I understand that you are a
prosperous merchant. Please senfl me
$3. A. L." He got the money.
"The Pit," in wb-Wi Wilton Lackaye
made his appearance at Parsons' Thea
ter, Hartford," has fulfilled' its ' promise
of being the sensational success of the
season. " The audience went wild with
enthusiasm and sixteen curtain calls
was the record of the evening. "When
the scene (the pit : episode) was, over,','
said the Hartford Telegram, "one even
more remarkable was enacted In front
of the footlights. The crowd cheered
and stood up to applaud." Among those
present at Parsons were Mrs. Frank
Norris ; Mr. . Lanier, representing ."• the
publishers of' the / ; book;. William -A.
Brady and several other - metropolitan
managers.
What Stage Folk
Are JDoirig and Talk
Of Some New Plays
sides the things themselves were so
exquisite! — great, cool pearls like sea
flowers, faintly rose; sapphires tenderly
blue as angel eyes; dtemonds as lovely
as the young dews of aMay morning.
They were In her hair, at her throat,
all over her corsage, and there was a
trayful of rings besides. Miss Harned
showed me some of these and smiled
softly as she said: "Mr. Sothern gen
erally sends me a ring when he feels
lonely."
Mr. Sothern must "feel lonely" quite
often, I thought as the call came for
Miss Harned's first act.
Then she returned, and during the
long wait we got to "Iris" again, and
"Iris," and again "Iris."
"What should you 'subhead' "Iris/ if
you had to?" I asked.
"The tragedy of a weak woman, I
suppose," the actress replied. "She is
weak. That's her tragedy. She has no
backbone. She would' have been all
right If things had gone fortunately
with her "
"All of us would——"
"Pinero to me has made one big mis
take — he wouldn't truckle to the con
ventions—In not telling before the last
act that Iris suffers poverty for three
years before submitting to Maldonado.
Her suffering is not made clear* In
'Tess,' you remember, Tess is shown In
her poverty. She has' therefore your
sympathy in her falL"
"But Tess, of course, did not have a
'few pounds a week'— — ¦"
"No, but to Iris that was nothing "
"I think the construction of 'Iris'
throughout by no means equals that
of 'The Second Mrs. Tanqueray.' "
"No, Pinero has thrown all sorts of
conventions to the winds here," Miss
Harned agreed. "Those curtains I They
gave Mrs. Campbell fits when ehe saw
them. You know her. You know her
funny way of putting things. That
dark scene with Trenwith and Iris— — "
On second thoughts what Mrs. Camp
bell said about the dark scene shall go
Into the next edition.
"But what's the moral of the play
to you?— I'm not contending, for any
moral, but your press agent Insists on
several — " I put It.
"There are several— lessons, I should
Bay rather. One is that old men like
the lamented Bellamy have no right to
forbid a widow of, 26 to remarry. Oh,
there are lessons all over the shop to
me. It annoys me to hear the play
compared with 'Sappho' and 'Zaza.'
Where's the moral there? Both women
end up happily— at least in the Ameri
can plays. v Iris gets It all round."
"But what's the moral for a woman
like Iris?"
"There isn't any, of course. She's
born without the moral sense, like some
men. But do you notice trfat it is only
when she becomes poor that it begins
to offend? Of course, she's living with
Trenwlth In Switzerland, but her
friends are all round her there— the
money makes a vast difference in the
sin, I'm afraid. You said that Iris was
intensely false in your critique- — "
Miss Harned's tone was argumentative.
"Yes." ! :
"Does It strike you that she never
tells a He during the whole course of
the play?" ¦ V
"No, It has not done so."
"She tells Maldonado she does not
love him even when she promises to
marry him, then she writes to him Im
mediately when she elects to go with
Trenwlth."
"But the effect of her actions— she". Is
absolutely truthful you say, .' but for
five minutes— Is that of entire, falsity."
cessful engagements in the history of
the house. The big picture play has
proved attractive to all classes of
playgoers, who have In many cases
returned again and again to see it.
None can wisely miss it, and in par
ticular every child should Bee the
drama. There is a matinee on Wed
nesday, as usual, and a special matinee
on Thanksgiving day.
The Tivoli closes this week tomorrow
evening, when a benefit In aid of the
Verdi monument fund will be given. A
splendid programme has been provided
for this requiem of the far-famed lit
tle opera-house. - t
Sol Smith Russell's "A Poor Relation"
will be th& Alcazar's bill of the week.
"The Club's Baby" goes to-night, and
there will be a special matinee on
Thanksgiving day.
• * •
The California will revive to-night
the old favorite, "At the Old Cross
Roads."
• ¦-¦';¦ • ;.' ' •
"Midnight in Chinatown" should at
tract the usual crowds to the Central
to-morrow night. It Is said to live well
up to Its title. .
• • •
"Rubes and Roses" Is still going suc
cessfully at Fischer's, and will be re
placed a. week from to-morrow night
by a new burlesque from local genius,
"L O. U." /
• • •
The vaudeville will be "Epicurean"
to-day at the Orpheum, according to
the management The best of last
week's excellent bill will be retained.
Then i suggested; "It would have
been supremely interesting if Pinero
had made Iris end well, as Irises do end
weU not infrequently. Like Lord Quex
— a person of several pasts."
"That he would hardly dare to do,"
Miss Harned advanced. "I remember
playing a piece of Sardou's, 'Spirltisme.'
Bernhardt played it before me, and my
only consolation is that I played it five
weeks to her two! But that was the
plot. The wife sinned and the husband
took her back. However, he was a
spiritualist and thought that she had
been dead in the meantime! Even so,
the play wouldn't go."
"Maldonado really shows off more de
cently In a\ sense than Trenwlth—
though his rampant animalism dis
counts most of the sacrifice he would
be supposed to make in marrying Iris,"
I suggest.
"Yes, why does Trenwith throw hgr
over? Yet he would not dare "
"Tanqueray dares— — "
"And the result— v Oh, it's a pretty
hopeless business. Tet It does set peo
ple thinking. One lesson, I think, is
that it is* best to begin by being gen
erous to yourself. Iris' troubles come
largely through her generosity to oth
ers. She uses Maldonado's first check
to help someone else."
"The differing criticisms must amuse
you? Where did the play go best?"
"". "New York and Chicago. The funny
critics, of course, slated it. And they
are very; funny, some, of them. You
cannot but laugh, particularly when it's
about some one else! But I think a
Pinero play, written by a man who
never slights a letter of his work, who
Is master of his art, ought to be treated
in a dignified way."
"You Ilk© to play in problem plays?"
"I like to do everything," Miss Harned
said, in her big, vital way. "One can
not be an artist and confine oneself
wholly to one vein of work. Look at
the older actors. They did every
thing—Maggie's had a letter from home,
I know it from. her pink nose," Bhe
broke off, with a kind, droll glance at
the girl. , • :,.
. "I dare say Maggie could tell tales
of her Missus' nose sometlmea," I said.
And to my surprise, there flashed a
big, sudden tear in Mrs. Sothern's danc
ing gray eyes and ran trickling down
her delicate, saucy, lonely little nose!
VIRGINIA HARNED HAS WORDS OF PRAISE FOR PINERO'S SKILL/ BUT THE LEADING CHARACTER IN
"IRIS" HAS NO CHARMS FOR THE TALENTED ACTRESS. "DIRT" IS THE WORD SHE USES TO
EXPRESS HER OPINION. ... . . •
Rose Coghlan i* faith! And thank
the gods for it!
Ever since I met Miss Harned last
Wednesday evening, I have been puz
zling—doubtless with others— over her
haunting suggestion of some one else.
A sister of the craft, I was sure, but
who? I knew immediately every one
whom It was not. even to Mrs. Camp
bell, but recalled only at the last the
opulent Coghlan. Rose Coghlan it is,
and there is more in the likeness than
meets the eye. The eye in fact has lit
tle to do with the case. Still, it's a
fair presumption that the brilliant
gray-eyed Irishwoman looked like
enough to Miss Harned once upon a
time to be a sister to her.
Since meeting Virginia Harned's
husband, one of the rare x personalities
of the stage. I had Ftrongly desired
to see E. F. Sothern's wife. Fate
seemed rather against it. Miss Harned,
worn out with traveling, was obliged
to rest on Tuesday. Tuesday evening
between acts she could give, but the
Interviewer was taking in the Tivoli's
problem opera. On Wednesday the
actress was engaged In an all-day re
hearsal and Btudy of the little playlet
she appeared in at the managers' bene
fit this week. Wednesday evening,
however, found both free, and The Call
person at the "Margaret Anglln"— the
star dressing-room of the Columbia
and thus brass labeled.
As the door opened my impulse was
to put my hands to my eyes. It was
not only the flash of the trayful of
Jewels, nor the dazzle of the mirror
with its frame of electric lights, nor the
sheen of the toilet trlnketry. but the
big, radiant personality of the actress
herself, as Bhe stood there In her pink
dressing-gown, bronze-gold of hair and
all warm rose and ivories as to skin.
Her frank "How d'ye do?" was as
sunny as her hair, her smile another
sort of sunburst, and altogether I felt'
very glad to have come In out of the
rain outside.
It was when Miss Harned began to
talk, however, that the Coghlan mem
ory began to obsess. The dancing gray
eyes, as I got their witty sparkle at
second hand through the mirror, doubt
less helped. But where before had I
found that impulsive, generous habit
of expression, that almo6t masculine
breadth of outlook, that racy humor?
"This Is your first visit to California,
Miss Harned?" I began— and felt de
lightfully conscious immediately that
the interview would take care of Itself
whatever I said.
"Since I was grown up," the actress
replied. "I was here with Mr. Sothern
In 'Captain Lettarblalr* ten years ago —
four years before I was married to him.
"How is Mr. Sothern?"
"Not so well— poor dear. The wire of
his beard in "The Proud Prince* caught
his lip and Bomehow poisoned It." The
little frown of anxiety that accompan
ied this booh melted away Into Mrs.
Sothern's characteristic "eet fair" ex
pression, and she paid: "Mr. Sothern
enjoyed his last visit here so much."
"When does he come again?"
"He may bring The Proud Prince' in
the spring.**
"We shall like it?"
"I don't eee why not. But— '* and
Miss Harned turned her delicate saucy
nose — that 6he was whitening — and her
merry, Irish eye my way. "It's the dif
ference of opinion that makes horse
races, sa Mark Twain ears."
I laughed and she laughed at she
said then, Just as Miss Coghlan would
have Bald ft: "Alnt he delicious?"
"But when are we to have Mr. Eoth.
era In one of his own plays? I always
fancy him coming out with a Stephen
Phillips' sort of poetic drama?"
"He writes very well, doesn't he?" his
wife said to that. "Perhaps come day.
But before then you may see me In
one of ray husband's plays. After Iris*
I am to appear In one. The Light That
Lies In Woman's Eyes'——'*
"That's bo like Mr. Sotnern— the
title— "
"Isn't III It's an Irish comedy, of
course. I have the part of an Irish
girl Wear a red wig "
And still I did not think of Rose
Coghlan!
"It should suit you down to the
ground." I prophesied, and remembered
then that I was looking at the inter
preter of Iris, perhaps the most pecu
liarly unwholesome stage person that
has come this way. "But how differ
ent "
"From Iris— yes,** said Iris* Inter
preter. Then she shrugged her plump
shoulders, and with a little sweep of
the hand that took in all the legitimate
and illegitimate luxury of Mrs. Bell
amy, said: "It will be a relief after all
this dirt.** /
"It is dirt, then?"
"Plnero doesn't class ft otherwise,
but there again there's a difference of
opinion. To Illustrate. We played two
engagements with the play in St. Louis,
and during the last I received two let
ters on the same day— I get stacks of
letters about It- These were both from
women. One of them had seen me on
my former visit and had since had a
baby. She had called it Iris! The
'other was signed *A Former Admirer,'
and said that since seeing me in the
play she had lost all of her liking and
respect for me!"
"Which do yQU £gree. with,?", '
"Well " the Iris began, and there
was the full, maternal note of the
Coghlan voice in hers, "I wouldn't call
my baby after thi woman. But, again,
I wouldn't turn my back on some one
I liked because she had played her."
"I wonder what Plnero thinks?" ;
"You never know."
"You know him then?"
"Don't you know that Pinero stage
manages every one of his own plays
on their first production here?"
"Henry Miller— 'The Gay Lord
Quex — ' "
"John Hare brought it first to
America."
"Ah, pardon! So you went to Lon
don and Mr. Pinero rehearsed your
Iris?" ,
"Exactly."
"What Is he like? I've pictured him
Email, dark, nervous."
"Not a bit of it!" and Miss Harned's
rich, Baucy laughter blew my little
Plnero to atoms. "Why " and she
turned to the door," his shoulders
would hardly come through that door,
and h«» Is well over six feet."
"Oh!"
"He is dark, though," she 'consoled;
"his hair is black— all he has. He has a
very fine, strong face and is very
charming and gentle in his manner.
Looks something like a farmer—out-of
door sort of look. Of course, gentle
manly — no don't 6ay that, It's such a
haberdaahy sort of word. I thought
you might get a little the wrong sort
of impression from my calling him a
farmer, that's all. I was never so
astonished in my life as when I first
eaw him."
"I am not the only person then!"
"Pinero has a wonderful sort of posi
tion " in England," Miss Harned went
on. "He lectures at the universities,
does all sorts of things."
"But he won't talk about his people?"
"No," and the little Harned mouth
made a small moue at some apropos
remembrance. "I asked Mr. Pinero
once what became of Iris after the play
closes. 'Oh,' he said, 'I fancy she goes
home to study a new part. Not too
soon, I hope, though.' " N
"His stage management must be a
marveL"
"It is. Why, those people who talk
of one's Interpretation — there's hardly
the -quiver of an eyelash In a Plnero
play that he has not thought out and
Insists upon! He is tremendously pre
cise. They tell comical tales of It
sometimes. There is a butler in one of
his plays who has to place a dish on a
table. At rehearsal the butler asked
him where to put the plane. 'Here,'
said Pinero, indicating the spot," and
Miss Harned illustrated with her hand
glass. "But he corrected himself then
and naid: 'No, It would be better
here,' " and the actress moved the
mirror a fraction of an inch nearer the
cold cream. "That is Mr. Pinero, only
slightly caricatured, I give you my
word."
"No wonder he Is the most success
ful of modern dramatists."
"No wonder," Miss Harned echoed.
"Everything in his plays is the result
of the most Intense thought. Have you
noticed sometimes his repetition of a
phrase — you won't notice it In the
audience, but in reading the plays?
That, in constant playing of them,
sometimes gets on one's nerves. One
feels the repetition must be noticeable
to the audience. I suggested once to
Boudcault— who Is almost Plnero — and
looks after his plays in New York, that
we should cut a few of these phrases
In Iris.' "Not a word,' Bouclcault in
sisted. And he was right."
"Maeterlinck is very fond of the same
sort of parallelism, you remember?" I
recalled. "It is extremely common, of
course, in every-day conversation. And
one finds the parallel line in all art.
Plnero, In using it, Is evidently well
aware of Its emphatic value."
"Plnero said a curious thing to- Froh
man while I was over there — that if he
had to begin again he would like to
begin in America."
"That is curious in the light of his
matures! choice of subject— the decad
ent in all his variety "
"Oh, there are Irises everywhere "
"But fewer here "
"Who knows?"
She rose then, with a last rosy pat
on her little upper lip — Maggie's cue.
Her maid, a slim, dark, adoring creat
ure, here brought out the first "Iris"
gown, a thing of net, spangles and
flowers— dream number one. With
adroit hands the girl garbed Miss
Harned's shapely lengths in the dream,
then began to adorn her further with
Jewels. v
"These are the bane of Maggie's life —
aren't they?" the actress smiled up at
her maid, fitting a dazzling tiara to
her bronze gold halo.
The maid said feelingly, "yes," as
she clasped a "dog collar" of pearls
and diamonds round Miss Harned's
round throat.
"But— they're not real, of course?"
I asked. One may, of an actress.
"They are— unfortunately, Maggie
would say." the actress said simply—
"that is, most of them."
. - It was . provincial, of course, but I
couldn't restrain a small "Oh!" There
was a king's ransom on the figure be
fore me, a life's leisure, freedom, all
the little things one wants. And be-
The production of ' Zaza" this week
at the Tivoli explains in part and fur
ther sets one to wondering as to the
reasons for the almost complete failure
of the opera in Italy, where it was first
produced in 1900. Of course, the reason
given by the Tivoli artists in discus
sion of the point, even, also, by Mr.
Steindorff — the newness of the plot to
Italian audiences — was glitteringly In
adequate. To begin with, the plot is
as palpable in the opera as in the play.
He who runs may read the story —
whether his legs be Latin or good
American. Neither Is it possible fur
ther for the farthest remove from Mrs.
Leslie Carter and the rest of the Belas
co cast of "Zaza" much to befog the
libretto. They did a thing or two in
that line at the Tivoli the other night—
but of that later. No, some other rea
son than the unfamiliarity of Its story
must be sought in explanation of the
opera's failure in Italy, and the produc
tion of this week is at least highly sug
gestive. There was, indeed, a small
percentage of Tuesday night's audience
that took what one may imagine for a
moment to be the general Italian atti
tude toward the opera. Their viewpoint
will at least serve as a basis for argu
ment.
With "La Tosca," bitter, burning,
ugly, painful— all things at times in its
music that to music have before been
forbidden; with the almost as vivid
realism of the familiar "I'Pagliacci";
with the intense dramatic thrill— in its
trial scene — of "Andre Chenier"; with
the passionately colored "Cavalleria
Rustlcana," one has come to expect of
the modern/Italian some very definitely
denned and strongly marked character
istics. These, musical realism, the reds,
yellows and blackest blacks of the
tonal palette, the plots and rhythms of
the realistic drama, have indeed come
to be regarded as the chief virtues of
the new school. With "La Tesca" so
far as the apex of the genre, the whole
trend of the current effort of young
Italy may be said to be in the direction
of musically realizing the drama and
psychology of lust, murder, torture and
pain in their every-day brutality. The
actual bite of the scalpel, the actual
cry of the victim, the veritable thrill
of murder, lust, are things sought to
be portrayed in the new "verismo"
gamut. In brief, the merely beautiful
no longer satisfies the ear, already at
tuned to the mordant fascination of
ugliness. The beast has tasted blood
and blood it will have. And here is
where "Zaza" comes in. ->V
To go back for a moment, the/ques
tion is not at all whether the new real
istic menu is suitable for musical rep
resentation. Music Is being used to de
pict these things, and who shall bound
its domain? ,One may as well quarrel
with the tides as with the tendency.
And the "verismo" school has already
given us much that Is beautiful with
the traditional beauty of music, as well
as with the poignant thrill of what
has heretofore been known as ugliness.
It is only when in a blind adoration of
the new genre the public rejects any
other than-the prophets of its gospel
that it is useful to protest. "Zaza's,"
I believe to be a case in point.
In this, his latest work, Leoncavallo
has returned to the frankly tuneful,
semi-romantic school. There Is no at
tempt at ponderous psychologizing, hy
steric thunders, passions wrung to tat
ters. The composer has left the red
hair out of his score, as De Spada
omitted it from her make-up the other
night. He has emphasized rather the
comedy and sentiment of the story, and
accented the romance, and has succeed
ed in building an opera throughout
musically charming, interesting and
characteristic.
Best of all, perhaps, in Its Individual
value is the muslo of the first act.
Here, in the behind scenes setting of a
Parisian vaudeville temple, are In
geniously interwoven the little French
chansons of the "artists," with the
veritable vaudeville plunk of the ac
companiment, Zaza's and Dufresne's
drama j of meeting Cascart's faithful
note, the manager's excitement, the
comedy picture of Zaza's mother, the
quarrel of the stars, the excitement of
the company, ¦ all told in delightful
musical gossip'. The whole scene is
handled most ingeniously, Dufresne's
cynical ballade of appreciation of Zaza
perhaps its musical gem.
The rest of the opera is all musically
interesting — it must be owned not Infre
quently in the Leoncavallo-cum-Grieg
manner, a la Mozart, in the fashion of
Massenet, even according to Mr. Bach.
Not , that there Is ever any direct
plagiarism. It is only that Leoncavallo
wears easily for moments the motley of
other men's manners, though always
with his own individuality looking
through* the cap and' bells. One does
feel, however, a certain lack of dram
atic strength in the work, to return.
It is quite easily ~ believable, however,
that with a fuller orchestra than the
Tlvoll brings to the work, and a Leslie
Carter sort of temperament in the title
role the tale would bo different. At
any rate one cannot as yet fairly judge
here. One thing certain is that the
opera. abounds in charming lyrics, and
that its orchestral setting is piquantr
characteristic, picturesque and imme
diately appealing. Concerted music Is
somewhat lacking, though there are a
few good choruses, notably the washer
woman's song at the opening of the
third act. Caseart has the pick of the
lyrics, though Zaza and Dufreane are
both well supplied. One peculiarly en
gaging and novel episode, and here the
music is of admirable tenderness and
simplicity, is the 6cene between Zaza
and Toto, the child.
But altogether the work is of excep
tional Interest and only the strong bias
In favor of the verismo school can ex
plain its rejection In Italy. It is the,
sort of thing the Opera Comique in
Paris has open arms for. and there
should surely be a place for "Zaza" on
any modern operatic repertoire with
any leaning at all to the popular ele
ment. : . • ';
Our local Introduction to the work
was not wholly fortunate. Unhappily,
with Mrs. Carter's splendiferous ap
pearance In the play, and Florence
Roberts' hardly less dazzling setting, a
certain standard of sartorial sumptu
ousness has imposed itself on the local
mind. It is unfortunately "part of it."
One accepts readily enough the Queen
of Sheba in cheesecloth trimmed with
gold paper, but Zaza in a 75-cent wrap
per—no! Never! There may be rea
sons of course, too — they were not in
evidence — for the between-knee-and
ankle length of De Spada's short skirt
In her variety scene. But they were
not Zaza's. The little Duchess looked
much more like a little Dresden shep
herdess in her Irgentt blue than the
sultry fury of the story. And where,
oh where, were Zaza's impassioned
locks? Miss Barker perhaps had
"hooked" them? Her make-up was
certainly more apropos. Mamma, too
(done splendidly by Marcheslni), had
hers with her. And where again were
the eel-like skirt, and elegant sinful
ness of waist of the other acts? It was
Impossible to suspect the morals of a
person in the lumpy skirt and uncom
promising waist — stern black and white
— In which De Spada Indulged. And
really one knows that Zaza was no bet
ter than she should be!
What do- I want for 75 cents? Well
I'm not asking for the Harned gowns
round the corner,- but a little care and
an expense so slight that it cannot be
considered would have here made all
the difference. It is not Miss de Spada's
fault, but the management's, and
rather characteristic of the slackness
that has somehow ; characterized the
whole season. Otherwise the make-ups
of the- cast were clever as the Tlvolt
not seldom shows — Gregoretti's as a
vaudeville performer, Cortesl's as a
theatrical manager, Marcheslni's as the
comedy mother, Karl Formes as a
monologlst, all these and more delight
fully humorous.
Again, of course, De Spada lacks the
dramatic force for her part, though
she was pretty, piquant and tactful In
the role, never trying to overstep her
capacities. The rest of the cast was
very adequate, notably Gregoretti's
splendid Cascart. Ischierdo's vocal re
serve was not sufficient to his need,
though his Dufresne was verr satis
factory on the whole. The orchestra
again, this year not by half so reliable
as usual, was In exceptionally good
mood for its work, and Mr. Steindorff,
also not lately In his usual form, Is at
his best In "Zaza."
To-night's hearing will be the last of
the opera and the season. And it
should not be forgotten that much
gratitude should be going to Mr. Stein
dorff and the management for giving
us thus the opportunity to hear this
work on its first hearing in America. :
Henry W. -Savage's English grand
opera company begins a limited en
gagement at the Studebaker Theater,
in Chicago, on Monday, November 1*.
A new member of the company is
Achilla Albertl, the well-known bary
tone. Slg. Alberti, who was born in
Bologna, has appeared with marked
success in grand opera in Italy and
Francel His first important appear
ance was as Valentine In "Faust," at'
the Royal Theater, In Turin, on the
occasion of the special performance of
"Faust," in honor of the marriage of
Prince Amadeo, the brother of the late
King of Italy. Slg. Albertl came to the
United' States in 1896 as a member of
the Mapleson Grand Opera Company.
He subsequently appeared in Mexico,
where he created the role of De Serieux
in Giordano's "Feodora." For the past
two seasons he has been the leading
barytone In Mme. Scalchl's Grand
Opera Company. He will make his
debut in Henry W. Savage's English
Grand Opera Company as Escamillo
In "Carmen."
Slgnor dl Stefan!, the Italian slnjer
(who was with Tamagno in Italy), after
hearing Joseph' Sheehan, the tenor with
Henry W. Savage's English Grand Opera
Company In the role of the Moor In the
first English performance of "Othello,"
said: "No tenor, except Tamagmo. ever
sang •Othello* -as well as this American."
Verdi's "Othello" is the chief new opera
In Mr. Savage's English grand opera rep
ertoire this season.
"Way Down East" is now on Its
sixth visit to Chicago; where it has
had over 200 performances, and Ha re
ceipts at McVicker'a Theater averago
$11 000 2L ivppTt.
THE SAN FRANCISCO; CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 2S, 1903.
WITH THE PLAYERS AND TEH MUSIC FOLK
18The Jenny Jinks recently given by
Alta Parlor, No. 3, of the Native
Daughters of the 'Golden West, was
one of the most interesting and Jolly
affairs of the kind ever given by this
parlor, which has for Its motto: "Uni
ty,. Peace, Concord, Sociability, Sin
cerity and Constancy." The Jinks on
that occasion was in the nature of a
home circus, .In which a number of the
members were the performers. Mrs.
Mary French was the bareback rider,
performing " many daring f eats-^n a
Native Daughters.
Pacific Lodge -of the Independent
Order of the Sons of Benjamin, at its
last held meeting, appointed a commit
tee to make arrangements for a mas
querade ball on an elaborate scale, to
be given In honor of the Festival of
Purim, In Lyric Hall, on the evening of
February 28. A number of prizes will
be given to the wearers of handsomest
costumes, of most original fancies In
costumes and for best sustained char
acters. This Is one of the most prom
inent of the Jewish fraternal organiza
tions in this city, and the committee
will do all that can be dona to main
tain the reputation of tha lodg*
Sons of Benjamin.
The official visit of Grand Trustee
Tcare to Court Seal Rock last week
was emphasized by the Initiation of clx
candidates. The visiting official dur
ing the evening delivered an Interest
ing practical address, and he was fol
lowed in the line of speech-making by
Thomas J. Emery. Jacob Label of the
American Forester Review, Grand Re
cording Secretary Dr. C. M. Tropp-
Jp.ann and District Deputy. SewelL
On the second Wednesday in No-'
vember Grand Chief Ranger Gabriel
and Grand Trustee Teare paid an of
ficial visit to the court in Livermore,
where, after the business of the even-
Ing, there was a banquet at which the
attlcers named were the guests of hon-
American Foresters.
Several candidates were initiated in
Golden Gate Council at its last held
session.
A new council of the Order of Pendo
was recently instituted at Tracy with
thirty charter members.
• Twenty-five candidates were initiated
at Stockton and fdrty at Lodl within
the past two weeks.
Volunteer Council of this city in
creased its membership by the Initia
tion of, ten candidates in the presence
of a goodly number of members and
visitors.
A new council was organized in
Fresno last'week. Quite a number of
the prominent residents of that place
signed the petition for a charter.
Order of Pendo.
Court : Lincoln had an' evening at
home In its courtroom last week, when
there was presented a pleasing pro
gramme of music, songs, speeches and
specialties by members of the court,
Loyal Circle • will have a turkey raf
fle and dance In the social hall of the
AlO.F.. building on November 24.
Artlmes Circle had a Jolly party In Its
hall last week, at which there ware
many members and strangers to the
order. A feature of the affair was a
pie-eating contest.
— >J. Thornton of Potter Valley's Court,
Miss L. McLaren and J. J. Alvez and
wife of Court Trenton, were in this city
last Iweek and they, visited a number
of circles and the office of Permanent
Secretary Falconer.
Professor Koenig, instructor of the
Juvenile Band, Is recovering from a se
vere attack of Illness.
Court Castle Rock of Ancient Order of
Foresters reports {hat Special Deputy
A. U. Fields has secured for it thirty
four strangers, who desire to become
members of the court. This class will
be initiated in a short time.
The same deputy Instituted Juvenile
Court Shasta, at Shasta, on the second
Friday in November with a charter
membership of thirty-five. William
Zein is the chief ranger and R. F. Fair
weather is the recording secretary.
The foundation for a new court has
been laid at Corning and it will be
ready for institution in a short time.
Court Duncan Peak of Hopland, at
its last held session, initiated twelve
strangers lo the presence of High
Chief Ranger Sanf ord and Past High
Chief Ranger Dr. Case.
Court* Garfleld has arranged for a
dancing party on the evening of De
cember 1.
Ancient Forestry.
Great Sachem Samuels paid an offi
cial visit last week to Samoset Tribe
of Vallejo. He was tendered a most cor
dial reception by the Indians, and, after
the work of the evening, was the spe
cial guest at a banquet.
. Great Chief of Records Bliss visited
Apache, the tribe recently instituted
at Marysvllle, and on that occasion
"raised up" the chiefs of the tribe, as
they had not all been "raised," or in-'
stalled, on the night of institution, for
the full term.
Dr. C. M. Troppmann was the "big
Injin" on the evening of November 18
at a preliminary meeting of the' sixty
five citizens who have already been se
cured to form a new tribe to be known
as , "Calumet." There were a number
of stirring speeches. It Is expected that
the tribe will be Instituted by Great
Sachem : Samuels, assisted by Great
Chief of Records Bliss and other great
chiefs, on the evening of December 14.
A large class of pale faces will be in
troduced lntoPitiaches Tribe in Fresno
by adoption on the evening of Decem
ber 2. The great sachem has been In
vited to be present.
Walter Hank of Pocahontas Tribe en
tertained a number of members of that
tribe ; and others a few days since, on
board his ark,' off Greenbrae, Marin
County. '.; . >
Sachem J. O. Ward of Tonkee Tribe,
Past Sachem McCollum of the same
tribe and ; J. Gllson, also a Tonkeeite,
are organizing a new, tribe at Paso
Robles. ¦; .
Mrs. Minna Betts, great Pocahontas
of the "degree of Pocahontas has been
making official visits to councils of
San and vicinity during the
last ten days.- At Manzanlta Council,
in this city, there was, during her. visit,
the,' adoption of. sixteen plaefaces .under
the new: ritual, 'and the work 'was
Improved Red Men.
Grand Master C. W. Baker and
Grand Secretary George T. Shaw are
at this time visiting the lodges in Co
lusa County. The grand master an
nounces the following visits:* Novem
ber 80, Solano Lodge at Benicia; De
cember 1, Golden State at Vallejo; 2d,
Morse, San Francisco; 3d, Berkeley at
Berkeley; 4th, Salmon Creek at Occi
dental; 6th, Evergreen at Sebastopol;
Bloomfleld at Bloomfleld; 8th, Peta
luma at Petaluma; 10th, Observatory
and Scandia in Joint session in San
Jose.
The San Francisco relief committee
paid a farewell visit November 17 to
Magnolia Lodge, one to Abou Ben Ad
hem on the 19th. and on the 25th it will
visit Spartan Lodge.
San Francisco Can^Qn of the-Patri
archs Militant were the guests, on No
vember 18, of Oriental Rebekah Lodge.
The visitors were received by the no
ble grand, of the sitting lodge, after
which, there was a' response, and then
speeches by the visitors. There fol
lowed an hour of entertainment . and
dancing, as well .as the serving of
light refreshments. '
Templar Lodge of the Rebekahs, at
Its last held meeting initiated two
strangers in a manner that was most
satisfactory to . the Initiatory team
and the membership present
Mrs. Alma I. Jensen, president of , the
California Assembly, of Rebekahs, paid
a visit officially; to California Rebekah
Lodge on the third Friday in ' Novem
ber, and she was greeted by a large
number, of : the members ." and visitors.
There was an exemplification: of the
work and addresses, after which the
visitor and members and guests were
hospitably entertained, by the lodger
- Jubilee Rebekah Lodge ; had work in
the Initiatory degree on the evening of
the third Tuesday, in November.
Miss Jennie Wright, a ';' prominent
member of "Loyal Rebekah Lodge, was
married on the evening of November
18 to M. Tanner, also a member, of the
lodge.. ¦.. ... fi£99S59E@8|
On the occasion of the Visit of the
Odd Fellowship.
San Francisco relief committee to the
Oakland committee the visitors were
welcomed by President M. Barnett,
and the response was by President W.
I. Brobeck - of the visitors. After
speeches by a number of the i visitors,
a collation was served and the visit
proved to be a very agreeable one.
stltute parlors In , Redding, Monterey
and Occidental.
WELL-KNOWN MEMBERS OF CALIFORNIA FRATERNAL ORGANI
ZATIONS WHO ARE ACTIVELY ENGAGED IN THE PROMOTION
OP THE INTERESTS OF THEIR RESPECTIVE ORDERS. *
B. V. Sargent, grand chancellor of the
Knights of Pyth^la^, paid an official
visit to Roma Lodge, in Oakland, No
vember 17, and a very pleasant evening
was the result.
•On the second Tuesday In November
Grand Keeper of Records and Seal
Schaffner paid a visit to the lodge in
Richmond, in Contra Costa County, and
gave the visitors some interesting in
formation about the order.
A new lodge was Instituted at Paso
Robles by Deputy H. C. Bagley on No
vember 21.
The next ceremonial session of. the
D. O. K. K. of this city will be held in
the Pythian Castle November" 25. The
following day the members and newly
initiated candidates will enjoy a bull's
head breakfast at Colma.
San Francisco Temple of the Rath
bone Sisters, had a farmer's party In
Pythian Castle November 18. It was a
pleasant and amusing social affair.
This temple Is one of the oldest In this
State, and during the last few monthn,
under the direction of Mrs. Maida C.
Olney, W. E. C, and her excellent
corps of officers, has been making rapid
progress.
Pythianism.
wooden horse; Mrs. R. Kemp von Ee
was a ballet dancer, who, in short tulle
skirts, gave an excellent imitation of a
premier daneuse; Mrs. C. O. Miller
gave an exhibition of equilibrium by
walking "the tight rope," which on
this occasion was two-by-four scant
ling, the ends resting on two chairs,
and Miss Mabel Miller was the San
dow of the evening, giving an exhibi
tion of lifting heavy weights, painted
dumb-bells filled with wind. The con
clusion was a chariot race, a la "Ben
Hur," in which a number of members
took part. That, even if the other fea
tures had been left out, was the circus,
and at the close of the race the winner
was crowned with wreaths of laurel.
The affair was amusing and productive
of much enjoyment for the onlookers.
Grand President Flnkeldey, during
the last week, visited several of the
local parlors. She was met by a large
membership at each and was received
with the honors due her station. Among
the parlors visited were Orlnda; Yo
semite and La Estrella.
Piedmont Parlor of Oakland initiated
a class of sixteen, November 12, in the
presence of many members and visit
ors from other parlors, beside Grand
Secretary Laura J. Frakes and Hannah
Bailey of Keith Parlor. AH the officers
who took part in the initiatory work
were letter perfect and were highly
complimented. The members of this
parlor are working hard to increase
the membership to 100) and from the
way they have been working for some
time past, it will not be long before
their ambition will be reached.
Las Torrosaa Parlor had an Interest
ing entertainment, followed by a dance,
in Union Square Hall, November 11.
The several numbers presented, includ
ing a one-act farce, were well received.
The street fair given by La Estrella
Parlor in the banquet hall of the Na
tive Sons' building, on the third Tues
day in November, was a novelty in
fraternal entertainment and it was a
good show with plenty of fun for the
many who attended. There was on ex
hibition a half lady, fortune-telling by
Ispah, a gypsy; a merchandise booth,
a '49 mining camp and many attrac
tions that, are usually seen^at fairs of
this character. They were well patron
ized and proved a source o£ enjoyment
to all, Including the members of the
parlor, who worked hard to make the
fair a success. In addition to the side
show there was a programme of enter
tainment which N was contributed by
Miss Ethel Moore, Glydys Blakeway,
Professor Grabers' Mandolin and Gui
tar Club, Alice Dwyer, Miss Tessie
Veyhe, Gordon and Susie Osborn and
Miss Loretta Spelly. There were also
living pictures , representing La Es
trella, Escholtzia, and "Under Two
Flags." Charles A. Boldemann was the
chief spieler of the evening, and a good
one he, was. The affair was managed
by Birdie Holtman, ' Dr. Lillle Bolde
mann, Emily ilclnerney, Emma" Thler
bach, May Boldemann, Sophie Asmus,
Helen Bello, Tillie Rothmann,\ Anna
Bello, Phebe Field, Elizabeth Sonntag
and Tista Orengo. •
Charters will Boon be issued to iri-
The P. y. and V. D. Club, composed
of prominent members of the Foresters
of America, will give a social In the so
cial hall of the Alcazar building on the
evening of November 28.
Junior Court, Pride of the Golden
West, will be visited on the evening of
December 2 by Grand Recording Sec
retary Dr. C. M. Troppman and A. S.
Alexander.
Court Robin Hood is completing its
arrangements for the clebration of the
twenty-ninth anniversary of its Insti
tution. It will be in the nature of an
entertainment and dance in Golden
Gate Hall on the night of December 12.
Court Giolando Marguereta moved
into and dedicated a new Forestlc hall
at Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County, last week.
The courts of Sonoma County are
making preparations to tender Su
preme Chief Kelly a grand reception
in Santa Rosa when he visits this State
officially.
Court Live Oak of this city gave Its
eleventh anniversary ball In South San
Francisco Masonic Hall last week. It
was attended by a large number of
people and was in every sense of the
wprd a great success.
Grand Chief Companions Mrs. M. A.
Duke, Emma Harrington, Agnes D.
Bremer and H. Worms, and many of the
grand officers and delegations from a
number of the local circles. During
the evening the circle was visited by
almost the entire membership of
Martha Washington Circle. By reason
of the Illness of several of the officers
the regular degree team >waa not on
hand to exemplify the work, but It was
given by such officers as were present
and a number of substitutes, and the
work was well done. After the ritual
business had been exemplified for the
benefit of the visiting head of the
order, there was an' hour of speech
making by the grand chief and other
grand officers, as well as by members
of the visiting circles, after which
John J. Cordy, State deputy supreme
chief companion, on behalf of the cir
cle, presented to Grand Chief Compan
ion Mrs. Krimmmger a crystal nappy;
to the supreme sub-chief companion,
Mrs. Atwood, a large bouquet of
flowers, and to the organist a bunch of
fragrant Russian violets. The closing
of the circle was followed by the serv
ing of a collation, after which there
were vocal selections by a number of
the members. The meeting was one of
the most pleasant of the official visits
that have been made in local circles of
the order thus far.
At the last held meeting of Lincoln
Grove, Forest Coburn, noble arch of
the pride of San Francisco, McKlnley
Grove, acted as noble arch during the
initiatory ceremony and conferred the
ovates* degree in first-class style on
three strangers.
The visit of Noble Grand Arch
George Beck to Templar Grove, in this
city last week, was attended by quite
a number of non-members of the grove,
including Grand Secretary Martinoni,
Grand Treasurer Horn', Grand Trustee
Wedemeyer, Grand Trustee Slchel and
many of the past arches. The reports
presented developed the fact that the
grove, during the last term, admitted
ten strangers, by initiation and paid
out for the relief of distressed members
a little more than $800. After the meet
ing there was a collation, good cheer
and more speech-making. ,
The noble grand arch and grand sec
retary recently paid a visit to Santa
Cruz and met Madrone, Luis de Came
one and Santa Cruz Groves In Joint ses
sion. Grand Trustee C. D. Dorn, an
attorney of Salinas, presided during
the meeting. There was the initiation
of candidates, with Grand Trustee
Dorn as noble arch and Grand Secre
tary Martinoni as conductor. After the
work of the evening and an address of
instruction by. the noble grand arch
there was an adjournment to the ban
quet hall, where Past Arch Canela was
toastmaster. After the supper there was
speech-making by the hour.
The following night the same grand
officers visited Watsonville Grove,
where the second and third degrees
were conferred, and the ceremony was
followed by a banquet. The night fol
lowing they visited the grove in Salinas
: and were accompanied by Past Arch
Michado of Watsonville Grove, Noble
Arch Silacci of Gilroy Grove and No
ble Arch P. Snyder. Five candidates
were Initiated, and after the ceremonies
of the official visit were at an end, the
new hall, in which the meeting was
held, was formally dedicated to Druid
ism. This was followed by a grand
banquet to the members and their
friends. The principal speaker at the
banquet was -Superior Judge B. V.
Sargent. On the third Friday in No
vember, the noble grand arch and other
grand officers paid an official visit to
Oakland Grove.
The Druids.
or and spoke at some length for the
good of the order.
Court Acme had a delightful social
in the Alcazar building on the third
Friday In November.
The trolley ride given by New Cen
tury Circle, under the auspices of the
special committee composed of Com
panions Drendell, Doyle, Penderer, Dr.
Hansen and Nagle was a pleasant af
fair. Thare were two cars, and the one
in charge of the lady companions was
the most crowded, while in the other
there was plenty of room. At the
beach end of the ride there were
music, songs and dancing.
The official visit by Grand Chief
Companion Mrs. J. H. Krlmmlnger *of
Los Angeles to Ferruclo was one of ad
vice and instruction to the officers of
the visited circle. The grand officer
was well received and a pleasant
evening was speat.
The visit of the grand chief compan
ion to James G. Blaine Circle was a
very pleasant affair, at which there
were present Supreme Sub-Chief Com
panion Mrs. Lizzie Atwood, Past
Columbia Lodge gave a social, dance
and whist party In the Red Men's
building on the third Tuesday in No
vember. There was a large attendance,
many of those present being strangers
to the order. The programme for the
evening was one that entertained all
in a delightful manner.
On the third Thursday in November
Western Addition Lodge entertained a
large number of persons in its lodge
room at a card party and mu3icale.
There were a few words spoken during
the evening for the purpose of enlight
ening the strangers in regard to the ob
jects of the order.
The officers of the recently Instituted
lo^go at Frultvale were publicly in
stalled last week in the presence of
more than 300 persons.
Progress Lodge will give a Thanks
giving Eve bon bon social In Red
Men's building, November 25.
During the last two weeks Special
Organizer H. C Lewis Instituted two
lodges of the Fraternal Brotherhood,
one in East Oakland and the other in
West Oakland. He expects in a short
time to Institute two lodges of the
order in Oakland proper.
The entertainment and dance that
was given by San Francisco Lodge on
the second Friday in November in the
Native Sons' building was a very pleas
ant affair, and one of the best social
functions that this lodge has ever
given.
Fraternal Brotherhood.
dramatic and exceedingly interesting.
Sophie Hathaway, Pocahontas of the
new council in Santa Cruz, reports
that the council is receiving pale faces
at almost every meeting, and in a
short time it will be the largest fra
ternal subordinate in that place.
Walla Walla Tribe and Kaweha
Council have Joined for the purpose of
having a masquerade ball on the even
ing of November 28.
The whist tournament given by
Spruce Circle In Alameda, under the
supervision of M. B. Bugbee, the well
known manager of whist tournaments,
was a gratifying success. Prizes were
won by Alma Maber, Mrs. W. H. Foster,
Miss Caro McFarland. Mrs. A. Mock,
M. Palmer, R. Flieder, L. C. Jackson
and J. H. Brooks.
One of the grandest receptions ev«r
given by a circle of the Women of
Woodcraft was that recently given by
California Circle,- in Native Sons*
building, to Guardian Neighbor Mrs.
Ross on her return from a visit to the
East. The affair was a grefit success
from a social, scenic and eplcurlan
standpoint. The hall was tastefully
decorated with flags, bunting and
evergreens, and the tables were covered
with many dishes filled with tempting
viands and delicacies set In beds of
fragrant flowers. After the excellent
repast, there were toasts and responses,
and the most interesting of all was the
descriptive account by the special guest
of her trip to the other side of the Rock*
lea. The evening, a most delightful
one, was greatly enjoyed by the many,
members of the circle who were pres
ent to welcome the guardian neighbor
home again.
On the last Saturday In November
the drill team of San Francisco Circle,
W. O. W., will give a masquerade ball
in Mission Turn Verein Hall, on
Eighteenth street.
Woodcraft.
after which a toothsome supper was
served.
Court University of Berkeley Is
making good progress and adding
members to Its roll at almost every
meeting. It soon expects to cross the
100 mark In membership. The court
expects to have a first-class degree
team by the first of. next year.
-—Stanford Parlor will have a ladies'
night in Its hall. Native Sons' building,
November 22.
P Grand Trustees Charles M. BelEhaw.
Clarence E. Jarvis and M- T. Dooling.
the last named chairman of the board,
have been Epeclally invited to pay a
visit to VTatsonvllle Parlor No. 65, of
the Native Sons of the Golden West
at Watsonvllle. November 28.
Grand Organizer Andrew Mocker and
Grand Trustee Dooling Instituted Han
ford Parlor No. 27, at Hanford, Novem
ber 10, being assisted In the work by
District Deputy Grand President 61
p- rr.on Levy and members of Olympus,
Vlsalla. Napa and Fremont Parlors.
The membership of the new parlor. It Is
reported by the grand organizer. Is a
flee body of men. Frank Arnold was
'installed as the Junior pact president,
R. W. Musgrave as the president, and
C. E. Moffltt as the recording secre
¦ tary. The Installation of the officers
was followed by a social hour and
Epeech-maklng.
Visalla Parlor has arranged for a
large class initiation on the evening of
December 8. Chairman Dooling of the
board of grand trustees has been In
vited to be present and will undoubted
ly be there.
Ex- Mayor Oeorge Catts of Stockton,
e prominent member of Stockton Par
lor No. 7, paid a visit to this city last
week and called on the grand eecre
¦tary.
Grand Trustees Louis H. Mooeer left
¦this city November 5 for his official
visits to parlors In the northern part
t>f the State. At last accounts he was
'In the wilds of Trinity County, con
gratulating himself that the dust had
been nicely laid by the recent showers
*.nd praying that he may not be held
¦In "cold storage" for a we«k or more
by a snow blockade.
Grand Third Vice President Walter
D. Wagner, a member of Arrowhead
Parlor, Ean Bernardino, was In this
city a few days since on his way to
make official visits In his district,
which is composed of Sacramento, El
Dorado end Placer Counties. He re
ports that when the session of the next
grand parlor opens Arrowhead, No. 110,
-*xrin have a membership of 250. He vis
llted Elk Grove Parlor November 13;
"Courtland Parlor, 14th; Oak Park Par
•lor, 16th; Granite Parlor, 17th; Cape
Horn Parlor. 19th. and Sacramento Par
lor. 20th. He will visit Placervllle Par
lor on the 24th, Georgetown Parlor
on the £Sth end Auburn Parlor on the
2Cth.
Grand TruEtee Jarvis paid a visit on
the second Thursday in November to
Alcatraz Parlor, in this city.
Deputy Grand President C. Julius
Janssen, one of the most efficient of
the entire corps, a resident of Eureka,
Humboidt County, is spending a few
days In this city.
Berryvale Parlor of Slssln, Slskiyou
County, is arranging for a grand ball
on Thanksgiving night.
Grand Treasurer Henry S. Martin,
accompanied by Grand Secretary
Lunstedt. will visit the parlors In Hum
boidt County as follows: Golden Star
k Parlor, December I; Ferndale, 6th;
Humboidt, 7th; Fortuna, 8th; Arcata,
Sth, and Commodore Sloat, 10th.
Grar.d Trustee Clarence E. Jarvis of
Amador Parlor is on a visiting tour to
parlors in San Benlto, Monterey, San
Luis Obispo and Santa Cruz Counties.
During the last week he visited parlors
es follows: Santa Lucia, November
17; Fremont, lEth; San Lucas. 19th;
Ean Marcos. 19th; Nlpomo, 20th, and
Cambrias, 21st. He will continue as
follows: To Los Osos, November 23;
Santa Cruz. 24th; Babllan. 23th; Mon
terey, 27th; Watsonville, 2Sth.
The grand ball given by Sequoia
Parlor of the Native Sons, in Native
Eons' Hall, November 17, was a mag
nificent social success, which reflected
preat credit on the several committees
lhat had charge of the function. The
hall was prettily decorated and a num
ber of novelties were introduced, one
being the inclosure of the orchestra in
a fenced country farm. The programme
included twelve numbers and three ex
tras. The function was in charge of
the following commitees:
Arrangements— John Dumbrell, chair
man; William L. Llppcrt, David D.
Gibbons, J. S. Young, George J. Stock
wltz. V'.
Floor — Robert P. Dunphy, manager;
A. Gudehus, assistant; Al Fox, Heb.
Harvey. Frank McGeeney, L. McEvoy,
R. D. Barton.
Reception — Al Pfeiffer, chairman;
DeLucca, L. C. Pistolesi, Thomas
- 1 . Mulcahy. Charles A. MIchelse'n.
Thomas D. Eddy, William A. Herlitz,
F. A. Denhard, Fred Frederick, Joseph
R. Jock.
The next entertainment by the Native
Sons* Joint literary and social commit
tee will be given on the evening of No
vember 24, under the auspices of Cali
fornia Parlor. Those who are billed to
entertain on that night are William
Amberg, Frank Onslow, little Martha
Bowes. Victor Ferran. W. F. Codj,
Miss Isabelle Davis and Miss Lillian
Wentworth. After the programme
there will be dancing for two hours.
RIncon Parlor will give Its eighteenth
anniversary ball In Native Eons' Hall,
December 9.
THE SA*S FBA-SciSCOJ; CALL, SUNDAY, ]Sfoy EMBER 22, 1903.
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM
19The elect ion of officers In the several
courts is now in order, and In the
month following the election of the of
ficers for the ensuing term they will be
Installed by the board of deputies.
The board of San . Francisco deputies
of the Independent Order of Foresters,
at Its meeting on the second Friday la
November, decided to pay an official
visit to the court in Oakland on the last
Tuesday In December. The board also
decided to have a theater party sor^
lline in February next
Independent Foresters.
Ivy Chapter has elected the following
nnmed: Mary Louise Reddlck, matron;
James Edward Gordon, patron: Male
Watscn Hendry, associate matron;
Eva *D'Ancona Sal bury, secretary;
Carrie Augusta Anthony, treasurer;
Mrs. J. E. Gordon, ; conductress, and
Georgie Curtis Versalovich, associate
conductress.
Oak Leaf Chapter has elected jllttle
Reed Watson as matron; Frank Reeve
Woolsey, patron; Emily Augusta Dan
iels, associate matron;. Cynthia Cather
ine Nelson Walter, secretary: Jennie
Agnes Resseguie. treasurer; Mary Mag
dalene Van Court, conductress, and
Celia Williams, associate" conductress.
¦ Berk* lej Chapter' has elected Eva
Maude Stone as matron; Roy J. Young,
patron; Alice Desire Marllave, associate
matron; Anita May Sleeper, secretary;.
' Mission Chapter of the Order of the
Eastern Star, at its last" held meeting,
elected the following named officers for
the ensuing term: Dr. Louise Bacon
Deal, matron; Harry pa
tron; Hester Bell Oliver, associate
matron; Josephine Clark . Backus, sec
retary; Mary. Zhin Thorp, treasurer;
Lottie Jane Relss, ; conductress, and
Margaret Bell ¦ Snell, I associate j con
ductress. The same night the chapter
balloted- on six candidates.
The Eastern Star.
The last held reunion of. the "Ladies'
Auxiliary of. California Commandery
No. . 1 . of , the j knights Templar was In
the residence of. Mrs. S. A. McDonnell,
who graciously tendered the use of her
beautiful j home, : 1212 Fell street, to the
ladles last week for the purpose of _a
card party. There was progressive
whist and other games that ladies take
an interest j in, and, v after the playing,
which resulted in the first prize being
won by Mrs. George* Dyer and -John
Fraser Mclntosh,' and the second by
Mrs. M. • Pearley '. and S. : A. McDonnell,
there was a programme of music. Miss
McDonnell and Mrs/'- Marriner Camp
bell sang a duet and Walter Campbell
sang several of .his favorite; songs- as
only he can sing them. After supper
was served a number of those " present
spoke, 'among the number being Mr.
Bragg, who recently returned from
"away down in Maine," where he goes
every year to attend to the reunion of
the pupils who attended in the little old
schoolhouse three score years ago.
Those who made upthe'very pleasant
gathering were: Mr: and ; Mra. S. . '. A.
McDonnell, Mr. and Mrs. William
Roderick Jones, Mr. and Mrs. T. J.
Crowley, Mr.' and Mrs. ;E. P.. Heild,
MrT" and Mrs. : C. • C. Moorehouse, Mr.
and Mrs. Val Schmidt, . Mr. and ' Mrs.
R. L. Radke, Mr. and ; Mrs. J. ' P. Jacg-
Ladies' Auxiliary, K. T.
J. and Mrs. Broder (formerly Miss
Lillian Agnes Morgan), who recently
were united in marriage in this city,
are well known in fraternal circles.
Mr. Broder, who Is a business man of
Pinole and has business Interests in
Crockett, is a member of the Masonic
Fraternity, the Eastern Star, the Na
tive Sons of the Golden West, the Im
proved Order of Red Men, and Mrs.
Broder is a member of several of the
fraternal organizations, including the
Degree of Pocahontas. The young
couple have Just returned from a wed
ding trip In the southern part of the
State and have taken up, their resi
dence In Pinole. This marriage waa
a romance of the lodgeroom.
Fraternal Union.
Mr. Francis Carolan of San-Fran-
Mrs. , and , Miss • Brown of San -¦. Fran
cisco, who are ; now in Paris, are ex
pected in-England In a few days. •
taken a much needed rest at her home
In this city.
; - •-.•.•••¦
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph . Donohoe have
issued cards for a reception on Satur
day, November 28, . from 6 .to 7 o'clock.
-; ¦ " f fj • ' ¦-•'',.• i •>"¦- ¦
... Mrs. James D. Bailey and Miss Flor
ence Bailey have returned from their
! visit to Eastern cities and are at their
• home, at 1915 Franklin street for the
. winter. , . ., ¦ ,,^'v,' '¦'.'=¦
' Mrs. Ruthers of San Francisco is now
in', London principally for the purpose
of attending to some important mining
. business In that city! Mrs. Ruthers is
exceedingly pretty,' with -'rich golden
hair,' and is always a'/ubject of inter
est 1 to London on "account" of the
romance of her marriage. It will be
remembered that she was at school
when Colonel Ruthers married her on
' the eve of his departure for Cuba to
take part in the war with Spain! Be
ing killed In this ,war his death left her
a widow. To spend Christmas with her
mother, who is an Artist in San Fran
cisco, .Mrs. Ruthers intends , to leave
London immediately after business ar
rangements . will allow, her, but is /ex
pecting .to return to London _ early ' in
the spring, possibly to study music.
Cisco has arrived at the Carlton Hotel,
London, from Paris.
A QUARTET OF CHARMING DEBUTANTES, WHO HAVE MADE
THEIR BOW AND WILL CONTRIBUTE TO. THE PLEASURES AND
ATTRACTIONS OF THE, COMING SOCIAL SEASON.
ling, Mr. and Mrs. Harry Maundrell,
Dr. W. A. and Mrs. Atwood, Mr. and
Mrs. Eastman, Mr. and Miss Bracrg.
Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Martensteln, Dr.
and Mrs. T. B. DeWltt, Mr. and Mrs.
Walter Campbell, Mr. and Mrs. A. M.
Cox. Mr. and Mrs. George Dyer, Mr.
and Mrs.. John Fraser Mclntosh, Mr.
and Mrs. Fred Marsh, Mr. and Mrs.
James Young. Mr. and Mrs. Georsce
Newman, Mr. and Mrs. J. L. Prior, Mr.
and Mrs. H. D. Nichols, Mr. and Mrs.
T. L. Henderson. Mrs. George Haas,
Mrs. J. F. Logan, Mrs. H. J. McJunkin,
Mrs. Pearley,- Miss Susie Logan, Miss
Ada McDonnell, Miss Young and Her
bert McDonnell.
Julia Chandler Hill, treasurer; Belle
Searles Payson, conductress, and Laura
Lillian Durgin, associate conductress.
Carita Chapter has elected Mary
Ann Holts as matron; Mark Edward
Gaincs, ration; Elizabeth Ma/ Bheer
an, associate matron; Magdelene Anna
Nobmann, secretary; Theresa Joseph
ine Strong, treasurer; Laura Scott Mc-
Questen, ct nductress, and Amy Pearl
ilcFarland, associate conductress.
Grand Patron George Francis Me-
Noble will Instal the officers of Wood^
bridge Chapter December 5 and those
of Lodl Chapter on the 10th.
Mrs. Bessie Bowie is about to resume
her musical studies in Paris, • having
Miss Frances McKinstry will give a
luncheon next Wednesday in honor of
Miss Marga'ret Wilson and, Miss Ger
trude Hyde-Smith. Covers will be laid
for sixteen guests, most of whom ' will
be debutantes.
Mr. and Mrs*. Louis Samuel Beedy
are keeping house at 2304 Devlsadero
street. Mrs. Beedy's post-nuptial re
ception on Wednesday was the firet
affair she has given since her marriage,
and the afternoon proved a very pleas.!
ant one. Mrs. Beedy was assisted by
her cousins, the Misses Hamilton.
Mrs. Ives and Miss Florence Ives are
at Santa Barbara, where they have
taken a cottage for two months.
, Mr. and Mrs. Schwerln will shortly
leave for Southern California.
Mrs. KImball. .wife of Captain Kim
ball, has gone East where she will join
her husband when the Alert goes out
of commission. •
Mrs. Charles Wood gave an Informal
reception on Wednesday. ( The hostess
was assisted by Mrs. Gunn," Miss Gunn
Miss Cherry Bender, Miss Jeanette
Hooper and Mrs. Ferdinand Stephen
son.
• • •
Colonel and Mrs. Tilton, U. ; 8. A.,
have taken apartments at the Nordhoff
for the winter.
Mr. and Mrs. TiroJow, whose daugh
ter was flower girl at the Poett-Carolan
wedding, will leave for the East with
in the next fortnight.
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Poett (ne* Caro
lan) will spend their honeymoon very
quietly In the Hawaiian Islands. They
sailed Wednesday on the Korea, -
Mrs. Louis Welch has Issued cards
for Wednesday, December 2,. when sha
will receive from 3 to 6 o'clock.
Mr. rrd Mrs. Truxtun Betile are nt
present entertaining Miss Wells, Mrs.
Beale's cousin, at their ranch in South
ern California. Miss Wells will be their
guest during the holidays. Other friends
from New York and San Francisco are
expected and a series of Jolly house
parties will be given during the winter.
The engagement of Mliys Frances
Adele Grow of San Diego to Lieutenant
Beverly Cole Daly of the Thirteenth
Infantry hms *>een announced inform
ally.
» C • ;..
The engagement of Miss Hannah P.
Broeter of New York City and Captain
Julian R. Lindsey, U. S. A., is an
nounced. The groom-elect belongs to
the Fifteenth Cavalry and is stationed
at Governors Island. He has a num
ber of friends at the Presidio.
The wedding of Miss Elsie Bennett
and William Shlels will take place, to
morrow. Mr. and Mrs. Shlels will spend
their honeymoon at San Mateo.
Commander and Mrs. Noel are on
their way to China, having sailed on
the Korea.
Mrs. Helen Walker Tay will give a
card party on Wednesday.
Tom Barbour gave a stag dinner in
the red room at the Bohemian Club last
Tuesday to celebrate his birthday.
have sent out cards for a receotion on
Tuesday afternoon from *¦ until 6
o'clock. The Stetson home on the cor
ner of Van Ness avenue and Clay street
is particularly adapted to entertaining
and the tea will doubtless be one of
the largest of the season and the first
given by the Stetsons since their mar
riage.
Mr. and Mrs. James Burgess Stetson
Mrs. Malcolm Henry, who was guest
of honor at the reception given by Mrs.
Maurice Casey and Miss* Catherine
Dillon yesterday, was warmly wel
comed back to San Francisco. Mrs.
Henry, who prior to her marriage sev
eral years ago was Miss Kate Voor
hies, now resides in Washington, but
has come West to visit her father. Dr.
A. H. Voorhies. Mrs. Voorhies Is in the
East visiting her daughter and son-in
law. Lieutenant and Mrs. Guy Scott,
at Fort McHenry, but will return in
time for La Jeunesse next Wednesday.
Miss Marie .Voorhies is being pleasant
ly entertained in the Orient.
The members of the new Gaiety Co
tillon Club will have their first dance
on the 9th of December at the home of
Miss Helen Chesebrough. Thirty-five
young men have been selected for the
first cotillon from a list of 200, and the
others will have to wait until the next.
The remaining three dances will be at
the homes of Miss Pomeroy, the Misses
McCalla at Mare Island and Miss Ruth
Allen. . The exact dates have not yet
been decided upon. The members of
this new club are : chiefly from the
younger set and are twenty-five in
number. Among them are Miss Ger
trude Eells, chairman; Miss Christine
Pomeroy, secretary-treasurer; Miss
Emily Carolan, Miss Cora Smedberg,
Miss Stella McCalla, Miss Lutle Collier,
Miss Helen Chesebrough, Miss 'Anna
Sperry, Miss Newell Drown, Miss Olga
Atherton, Miss Ruth Allen. Miss Fran
ces Allen, -Miss Elizabeth LJvermore,
Miss Ruth McNutt, Miss Emily Wilson,
Miss Hazel King, Miss Lucy Gwin
Coleman, Miss Elizabeth : Huntlngton,
Miss Linda Cadwallader and Miss
Maud Bourn.
A strange coincidence in the marriage
of both Lieutenant William R. Bettison
and Lieutenant Murphy is still the sub
ject of much comment among their
friends. Both officers were great chums
when they lived together at No. 11,
Presidio. Both became engaged at
the same time and confided the fact
to each other, but did not mention any
wedding day. Later the lieutenants
were assigned to different posts and
saw no more of each other, but on
October 17 both were married and tele
graphed the news as a surprise, where
upon congratulations were immediately
exchanged by wire. Lieutenant Mur
phy married Miss Virginia Nokes at
her home in this city, and Lieutenant
Bettison married Miss Marion Smyth,
daughter of Marrlot C. Smyth, at Hav
erford. Pa. The Rev. Herbert Shlpman,
chaplain of the United States Military
Academy at West Point, performed the
latter ceremony.
The following officers are in charge
of the arrangements: Lieutenant Camp
of th* cavalry, Captain Nance ol tua
cavalry, Major Todd of the artillery.
Captain Johnston of the artillery. Lieu
tenant Sypher of the artillery. Captain
Hinkley, adjutant, and one doctor from
the general hospital, to be elected by
the hospital.
I can assure you of a jolly dance, as
the new committee will spare no pains
In bringing congenial people together
and the martial music is something of
an inspiration In Itself.
The Presidio hops this winter will be
particularly charming affairs, perhaps
as enjoyable as were those Informal
evenings at the club when the ladies
wore shirt waists and tailor skirts and
cooked delicious suppers in chafing
dishes.
Miss Barab Welch, who is being en
tertained considerably, is a beautiful
Southern girl. 'Her home is in South
Carolina, but she will remain in San
Francisco until January with her uncle,
j. •>!. Sims.
Mrs. Henry Dutton's friends are look
ing forward to being entertained in her
new handsome home on Washington
street. She is generally conceded to be
a beautiful and fascinating hostess and
has been greatly missed during her
absence abroad. Mrs. Dutton, who was
Miss Jane Dunne, is expecting Mr. and
Mrs. Harry Macfarlane from Honolulu
shortly before Christmas. Mrs. Mac
farlane, better known here as the
pretty Miss Polly Dunne, is beloved In
San Francisco society for her vivacious
manner and charming personality.
Miss Gertrude Duttonhas been aus
piciously launched and has every prom
ise of a smooth career. In addition to
her own attractiveness, the young
debutante has a charming mother, who,
it is said, makes friends for the entire
family.
ceiving party. They were Miss Onna
Sperry. Miss Etelka Willlar, Miss Ca
sey, Miss Dorothy Dunstan, Miss Louise
Stone, Miss Peters, Miss Langhorne
and Miss Frances Reid.
Miss Elsa Draper did not make her
debut at the tea given last week by
her mother, Mrs. T. Wain Morgan Dra
per, as was generally supposed, but
¦will come out next year. The tek was
a very delightful affair and many of
Miss Draper** friends comprised the re-
Others who may make their formal
bows this season are Miss Helen Pet
tigrew. Miss Olga Ather^on, Miss An
nie Wooster. Miss Dove, Miss Norma
Castle and Miss Gladys de Young.
Miss Mabel Watklns, Miss Bessie
Wilson and Miss Etelka Wllllar will be
among the debutantes this winter, al
though they are not exactly buds, hav
ing gone out a great deal Informally.
Mrs. A. A. Watklns will entertain for
her daughter in the Kimble house,
which they have taken for the winter.
Miss Bessie Wilson, who has spent
considerable time abroad, is now at
her home on Broadway. Miss Etelka
Willlar has come over from Sausallto
with her brother, Harry Willlar. and
will spend the winter months at the
Nordhoff. _.* '
Yesterday was a day of coming-out
teas. Miss Tallant was presented by
her aunt, Mrs. F. W. Tallant. Mrs.
John Paxrott entertained for her two
daughters. Miss Mary Emily Parrott
and Miss Abby Parrott. Mrs. Chese
brough gave the reception introducing
her own daughter and Miss Newell
Drown. Miss Newell Drown is one of
the handsomest of the winter buds,
but she is a very quiet girl and will
not devote herself to society as en
thusiastically as did her sister. Miss
B«rnle Drown- Miss Lulu Bothin was
presented at a pretty tea given by Miss
Mau on Friday.
The coming out reception is a most
trying one to all concerned. Papa is
brave and pays the bills like a hero.
He even comes home early on the ap
pointed Saturday afternoon, dons his
frock clothes and takes his place in a
bower of blossoms and foliage with his
wife and daughter, all prepared to say
nice things to the callere when they
arrive. The mother of the debutante
may wear a gown as elegant as she
can persuade her husband to pay for
(but, of course, no more elaborate than
good taste will allow>, but the daugh
ter must be simplicity itself.
The custom of wearing white in Lon
don has been generally adopted here,
although any light color would be per
missible. The transparent lace yoke is
often made separately, to be removed
afterward, making the gown decollete
for evening wear. If the debutante is
a fluffy girl or a wild rose sort of beau
ty she may effect showers of sheer lace
and chiffon, but must strive to keep the
toilet as girlish as possible. She may
carry a bouquet chosen from among the
flowers sent her by her friends and ar
range the others as near her as possi
ble, never failing, of course, to be de
lightful when the sender appears. Fans
are not as frequent as flowers, but are
sometimes sent by devoted friends.
With all eyes upon her. the debutante
is inclined to be rather conscious- that
she is there, but if she will remember
that politeness is only kindness she will
be too busy to be ill at ease. As she
is presented to her mother's friends one
by one 6he will avoid stereotyped re
sponses to their words of greeting, but
¦will try to remember their names and
faces, find something in them to like
and be genuinely glad to see them— as
pweet ar>d cordial to them as to Her
Intimate girl friends.
If the debutante is well bred, kind
hearted, sympathetic and thoughtful
for the comfort and happiness of others
her popularity is assured.
A! Ban Francisco girl who came out
at a ball winter before last not only
had a good time herself, but sought out
all of the older chaperons and found
tome one to talk to them and take
them to supper, that they might be as
happy as Ehe. "With so sweet a spirit
any girl would be a success and the
one to whom I refer has been remark
ably BO.
A girl used to make her formal debut
at a ball given for her, but now she is
almost invariably presented at a tea.
The invitations are issued in the name
of the father, mother and daughter
and Include their entire acquaintance.
In San Francisco— I regret to add— the
list embraces many whom the ambi
tious mamma does not know. If she
has the merest bowing acquaintance
with some desirable people or has seen
their names at least three times in the
society column of a newspaper she
sends them a card. Sometimes this am
bition on the part of a devoted mother
to Introduce her daughter into wealth
ier circles only fastens an insatiable
love of extravagance and discontent on
the daughter. A disloyalty to old
friends and schoolmates is one of the
characteristics most frequently seen in
the ambitious girl.
It is Important that a debutante
should have an invitation to the promi
nent club dances, should have a box
during the opera season and should
have young men asked by her mother
to dine at the house, which places the
eligible under obligation to dance with
her and to call. All other courtesies
are extended to her by other hostesses.
Then let the debutante enjoy the
honor and pleasures that are extended
while she is young: and eager for the
social mysteries. There Is plenty of
time later on to be blase.
The autumn has brought a number of
buds Into the foreground of society and
their refreshing smiles and pretty
gowns xrlll brighten teas, luncheons
and balls during the winter season.
Debutantes In their gladdening pres
ence are the center of much interest,
and are constantly feted throughout
the season, but they drop Into oblivion
the next year with a regularity that
leads us to expect nothing else.
This oblivion is sometimes accounted
for by the fact that the debutante is
gxsest of honor at one function after
another, while in her second season it
is she who must lavishly entertain for
later buds, and that with great fre
quency. She becomes so satiated with
eoclety that the fame is not worth the
bills at the florists and the caterers.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI^L, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1903.
NOWS THE DAY OF THE DEBUTANTE
20FORTY-EIGHT PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1903— PAGES 21 TO 34.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 21.—Comman
der Henry McCrea, formerly in com
mand of \he gunboat Machias, has
been selected for duty as detail ofH
cer In, the Bureau of Navigation, Navy
Department, "to succeed Commander
Reginald Nicholson, who has been as
signed to command the cruiser. Tacoma.
nearing: completion on the Pacific
Coast
Succeeds Commander Nicholson.
At a meeting to b« held during the
second week of December the rail com
mittees of the Central Traffic and
Trunk Line associations. will consider
an adjustment of the domestic rates
in ralLL
NEW YORK. Nov. 2L— Freight rates
on steel rails for export will be low
ered In a day or two, according to the
Herald. The cut will be the same as
that ordered Thursday by traffic offi
cials of the railroads In the Trunk Line
and Central Traffic associations, that
Is, 22 1-3 per cent of the present tariff.
The cut mentioned, it now develops,
was applied only to the "special iron
and steel tariffs," which did not Include
rails.
STEEL RAILS MAY BE
EXPORTED CHEAPE3
Saeetarriter Cavanaugh Dead.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 21. -John F
Cavanaugh. the widely known sheet
writer who for years has been asso
ciated with the Melvin Club died at
his home In this city this evening from
cancer of the jaw. caused by excessive
cigar smoking. The fatal disease made
Its appearance about two years ago.
since which time several operations
have been performed.
SCENES AT THE TERMINALS OF THE PROSPECTIVE WATERWAY ACROSS THE ISTHMUS OF PAN
AMA, AND COLOMBIA'S CHIEF EXECUTIVE. "WHO HAS AGAIN ADDRESSED AN APPEAL TO THE
AMERICAN PEOPLE THAT THEY REPUDIATE ADMINISTRATION'S RECOGNITION OF PANAMA.
FRENCHMEN
ARGUE WITH
THE RAPIER
EXPLOSION
ENDS LIVES
OF TEN MEN
Caused by a Fire
That Has Raged
Since 1890.
Dueling Season
Opens With One
Fatality..
Special Dispatch to The Call.
\ NEW YORK, Nov. 21.—Notwith
standing the secrecy that has attended
the project, the news that experiments
In wireless telephony between ' battle
ships would be begun at the Brooklyn
Navy Yard this week was confirmed to
night. A. Frederick Collins, formerly
of Philadelphia, has obtained permis
sion, from the Navy Department to in
stall his experimental apparatus on the
battleships Kearsarge and Alabama.
These two vessels are ' now moored
about 150 yards apart at the Brooklyn
Navy, Yard. On Monday. Collins, will
erect telephone booths on each ship.
Collins says he has already had con
siderable success while working his
wireless telephone system over, a dis
tance of two miles, and is hopeful of
the outcome of his experiments on. the
battleships. If the apparatus yields sat
isfactory, results It will be Installed on
all vessels of the squadron that is about
to go to the West Indies for the winter
maneuvers. . ..' ,
Collins will work under the supervi
sion of Lieutenant Hudgins of the bat
tleship Kearsarge, one of the Navy De
partment experts in wireless telegra
phy. Wireles telegraphy has-been the
subject of several experiments In the
Navy Department, and several vessels
are equipped with apparatus, but wlre-
Ies telephony has not been tried In any
navy in the world.
About a year ago Collins, with a very
crude experimental apparatus, tried his
wlreles telephone on ferry-boats trav
ersing North River. Since then, he
says, he has so far perfected his ap
paratus that he has heard ; messages
distinctly, over a distance of two miles.'
In Boston harbor a system 'of wire
less telephony Invented by the late Pro
fessor j Ellsha Gray, has been used for
some time by vessels of the Boston
Fruit Company to locate fog bells in
the harbor in bad weather, particularly^
at night, when landmarks. "were Invisi
ble/but no attempt has been, made, to
communicate between vessels by use of
a wireless apparatus. .
PARIS, Nov. 2L— The winter dueling
season began this week with several
sensational encounters. First came
that of M. Elselot, lawyer^ and M. Lau
tler, both from Toulouse. - Lau tier was
killed by a sword thrust under the arm
pit. Elselot quietly dined In Paris In
the evening and took a train back to
Toulouse.
Another duel took place on the fol
lowing day j between - M. RIchet and M.
Villette. VUlette got a severe gash in
the forehead - and one eye was j nearly
gougd out. ' • .
.A third duel, between- M. RIchet and
M. Bruchard, was called off ; In conse
quence of a reconciliation between the
adversaries. .'//*, r.
'General O'Connor, commander of the
French division of Ain-Sefra,' Africa,
has decided not to fight Captain Muller,
by whom he was fiercely assaulted In
the street.. Captain Muller is a former
subordinate of ¦ O'Connor. He . said the
general had sent false reports concern-
I ng '¦ him three ; years j ago, causing : his
recall and his being' placed on the re
tired 5 list. "He tried to strike O'Connor
with a cane.' The general parried the
blow ,with an umbrella and the j cane
was smashed i to pieces. The general
took a carriage home and a train for
Marseilles. . Captain Muller is regarded
as mentally unbalanced and the general
will ignore his challenge for a dueL
PBESIDENT IN; CONFERENCE
ON, POST-OFFICE 'AFFATRS
Cabinet Officials Enlighten Mr.
Boosevelt; on Progress of the
. : Investigation.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21.—Postmas
ter General; Payne iand Fourth Assist
ant Postmaster General Bristow had a
conference with the . President to-day
concerning the details of Bristow's re
port on the postofnee Investigation. The
President desired some elucidation of
certain phases of the report .with a
view. to. the ¦ preparation of : his own
comments upon it. Consideration? also
was given", to the President's review : of
the investigation and to. the time *when
the report is to be made' public. At the
conclusion- of the ; conference fit" 5 was
learned that the report, together .with
Uxe^j President's ;^memorandum Y^on it,
probably will . be given out for publica
tion on Monday, November 30.; - :Y
the American colony are deeply grate
ful to the authorities for the considera
tion shown to them.
The belief Is expressed In Government
circles that the United States Senate
win not approve of the action of Presi
dent Roosevelt regarding affairs on the
isthmus. hi. v
- Parties here have offered their aid to
the. Government and more than 100,000
volunteers have tendered their services.
in the event cf a declaration of hos
tilities.
MABBOQTJUrS "LATEST APPTTATV.
President Marroquin has made the
following statement to the press In re
sponse to queries as to the political sit
uation in Colombia:
"United States Minister Beaupre and
all Americans here are surrounded with
every guarantee for their safety. My
communications to the United States
Senate and to the people of the United
States make manifest tne attitude of
my government on the ques
tion. The situation in the interior of
the Colombian republic is quiet."
President Marroquin's reference to his
communication to the people of the
United States is explained by the fol
lowing address which he has given out:
"The President of Colombia to the
American People: The Colombian na
tion has Just been the victim of unex
pected aggression and is In danger of
losing the best part of its. territory. A
military movement, not popular senti
ment, was the origin of the proclama
tion of the independence of Panama.
"The American 'Government, which
always had been held by Colombia, to
be Its best friend and ally, prevented,
with marines, loyal militia from sub
jugating the traitors and checking the
origin, of the insubordination.
COLOMBIAN VUblW OP l TREATY.
"The solemn treaty between Colom
bia and the United States, alluded to
until the last moment by the American
Government, binds the United States
not only to respect the sovereignty and
ownership of the Panama Isthmus by
Colombia, but to help the latter main
tain them. The proceedings of the
United States marines on the isthmus
and of the American Minister here are
in open violation of that treaty.
"The isthmus of Panama, the most
coveted part of the globe and the most
precious of our fatherland, always has
been respected by the nations as & sa
cred trust confided by Colombia to the
honor and power of the American peo
ple.
"The traditions of that rreat nation,
the United States. <as a mighty de
fender of rights and bearer of the stan-
May Graze on Reserve.
WASHINGTON," Nov. * 2L— The Interior
Department "• has decided ;. to^ allow 50,000
head of cattle and horses to graze In the
Battlement Mesa ; forest reserve from
"April 1 to November ¦ 15, ', the ' stock " of
actual residents ' of the reserve,' however,
to • be : allowed ' to < graze there - the entire
rear.'^SSSS^BI^t^iP^SISaBSBMt
CONNELLSVTLLE. Pa,, Nov. ZL—
The ni-fated Hinfarm' district to-night
added * ten more victims ' to its black,
record. Just as the shift had nearly
completed its labors and was about to
leave the Ferguson mine at 6:30 o'clock,
a terrtfle.expjQsionVeht the entire mine
and Imperiled nineteen, miners who
were working In the vicinity. . The roof
came tumbling down and th« close air
of the mine became stupefying. The
men rushed In every direction, seeking
means * of • escape, but only nine suc
ceeded in reaching a place of safety.
The bodies . of., the .ten others were
found, horribly burned, when the rescu
ing party reached them shortly after 10
o'clock.
The. explosion occurred in the Fergu
son mine of the Dunbar Furnace Com
pany, which adjoins the Hlllfarm mine.
It is believed by mining experts that
the fire which" had "been raging in the
Hillfarm mine since the disaster of 1390
broke through the walls which had been
erected between the Hillfarm mine and
the Ferguson mine and caused the ex
plosion.
The dead are all foreigners, except
ing James" McGuirque, son of Pitt Boss
John McGuIraue. The pltt boss was
In the mine at the time of the explosion,
bat escaped, by crawling Into an aban
doned room, where he . remained until
the. flames swept by. The other eight
Injured men escaped In a like manner.
The injured were. brought to the Cot
tage State Hosjrtial here. All are seri
• otisly burned and it is doubtful If more
than four survive*; the effects of the ex
.plosion. . . ~ *
Continued ca Paga 23, Coltuss 3*
Invention.
Myy Department
vWill Test aii
EXPERIMENT
IN WIRELESS
TELEPHONY
John B. Lennon was re-elected treas
urer and Frank Morrison was again
chosen secretary. . W. D. Ryan of the
United Mine Workers and Dennis D.
Driscoll, president of the Boston Cen
tral Labor Union, were elected dele
gates to the British Trades Council.
For the new office of eighth vice-pres
ident William Spencer of the Plumb
ers', Gasfltters* and Steamfitters*
Union was elected.
D. A. Hayes of Philadelphia of the
Glass Bottle Blowers' Association of the
United States and Canada was elected
sixth vice-president, and Daniel j.
Keefe of Chicago, member of the In
ternational Longshoremen's Associa
tion, seventh vice-president.
For the office of fifth vice-president
John W. Slayton of Newcastle, Pa.
representing the United Brotherhood of
Carpenters and Joiners of America, was
nominated by the socialists against
Thomas L Kidd of Chicago, of the
Amalgamated Woodworkers' Interna
tional Union. Kidd was elected, the
vote standing 10,625 for Kidd and 2677
for Slayton.
The convention voted by roll-call and
President Gompers was re-elected by
an overwhelming majority. The vote
stood: Gompers. 12.521; Kreft, 1134
The following were elected by ac
clamation: FJrst vice-president, James
Duncan. "Washington. D. C, president
of the Granite Cutters' National Union
second vice-president, John Mitchell
president cf the United Mine Workers
of America; third vice-president, James
O'Connell. Washington, D. C, president
of the International Association of
Machinists; fourth vice-president. Max
Morris of Denver, Colo., member of
the Retail Clerks' International Pro
tective Association.
Then Delegate Debarry of St. Louis
In a few words nominated Ernest
Kreft, the man who had been selected
as the candidate of the socialist dele
gates.
Delegate Kramer of Richmond, Va.,
placed In nomination for president
Samuel Gompers. Kramer made a
brief speech eulogistic of his nominee,
whom he characterized as "widely
known for the honesty and sincerity of
his purpose and for his earnestness in
the cause of labor, and one who had
given his entire life to the cause of
organized labor."
i In the case of grievance arising from
the Question as to whether the Black
smiths' Helpers should join with the
International Brotherhood of Black
smiths or the International Association
of United Metal Mechanics, the com
mittee reported in favor of accepting
the recommendation of the umpire in
the matter, which was that the helpers
affiliate with the Blacksmiths' Uniom
Without settling this question, the
dele-gates took up the election of offi
cers.
The vote resulted as follows: San
Francisco. S143; Indianapolis, 44S2; St.
Louis, 254; Milwaukee, 63; Chicago. 23.
No action was taken by the commit
tee on grievances, which recommended
r.o action necessary as to the complaint
of the Wood, WIreand Metal Lathers'
International Union against the
Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners,
and the convention concurred. -
-On- {ho objection of the Bottlers'
Union -to -the maintenance of jurisdic
tion by the" Brewery "Workers' Union.
the committee reported in ; favor of giv
ing the Brewery Workers jurisdiction,
and the report was concurred in.
BOSTON. Nov. 2L— The American
Federation of Labor to-day re-elected
Samuel Gompers .president by an over
whelming majority and selected San
Francisco as the place for the next
convention. "When the question of a
convention city came up, five cities
were named— San Francisco, St. Louis,
Indianapolis, Milwaukee and Chicago.
San Francisco Gets the
Federation's Next
Convention.
LABOR LEADER RE-ELECT
ED TO PRESIDENCY OF
THE FEDERATION.
According to Bach the books of the
company for March 3L 1302. show that
Watson charged himself with $100 000
to the credit of the capital stock.Un
til the books are explained in court,
says the New York lawyer, it will ap
pear that the President handled that
amount for two years after the Incor
poration. Watson also Is said to have
taken $420.000.of stock of the new con
cern -for his holdings in the old cor
poration.
WHJ-;RE THE PBOFTTS WUJJT.'
"We hope to show that these Hon
duras interests are valuable assets,"
Bach said. "It is our theory that Mr.
Watson spent his .. large profits from
Porter Brothers In such Investments as
this. The schedules which he has filed
In court may help us to secure much
money for the benefit of his creditors."
The Investigation thus far has devel
oped the fact that Watson had full
control of the business. John R. Adams
is said to have been treasurer of the
concern In name only, and to have
known nothing about the ' finances j of
the company. The bookkeepers also
protested , that they took Watson's
word for much that was entered In
the books.
When Attorneys Bach and Greenfield
took up Watson's own schedules to
day, the first item of indebtedness* they
saw was one for $50,000, due J. R.
Bleekman of New York. This creditor
holds $150,000 fn stock of a lumber
concern as security for his claim. At
torney Bach said this creditor offered
to* surrender his claim and security if
Watson would pay him $8000 and sur
render his interest In certain Honduras
enterprises.
CHICAGO, Nov. 21.— The Inter Ocean
will say to-morrow: Examination of
James Watson, ex-presldent of Porter
Bros.' Company, was continued before
Bankruptcy Referee Wean to-day, and
he will be held on Monday. Attorney
Albert Bach of New York, who has
been examining Watson for several
weeks past on behalf of Nelson R. Doe
of New York, former New York part
ner of the head of Porter Bros.' Com
pany, says:
"The evidence already introduced in
dicates that Mr. "Watson, as president
of Porter Bros.' Company, committed
some of the most colossal frauds ever
revealed in a bankruptcy court. Be
fore we get through with the case I
expect to have proved Mr. Watson's
guilt so conclusively that criminal pro
ceedings will be started against him
under the State and Federal statutes."
Watson is the witness whose eyes
failed him to such an extent that he'
could not give evidence from the books
. of tie concern—the only evidence, he !
says, that can prore.what he did!,vr1th
the large sums of money handled by
the corporation. On account of the £b
i sence'of such evidence the J witness; has
not yet explained to the satisfaction of
opposing counsel how he disposed of
$1.SOO,000 said to have been received as
rebates from the Fruit Growers' Ex
press Company since 1896. This amount
was . credited .to the president \ on i the
books of the concern. The sum of
$1,069,000 was then debited to him,
leaving more than $700,000 to his credit.
HIS SALARY $10,000 A YEAR.
"As Mr. Watson. was receiving a sal
ary of only $10,000 a year," said Attor
ney Bach, "it Is difficult to see wherein
the company j owed him $700,000. He
therefore made a number of entries
which we believe to be fictitious, until
he had charged off this amount to
other accounts."
Watson has not made It clear to the
Investigators whether he loaned all the
"secret profits'* to the company. He
admitted several times that he had
kept part of the money himself. The
lawyers believe he kept most of it, but
the witness insisted in the early part
of the examination that he had paid
the corporation all that was due It.
Attorney Bach followed this contention
with a question whether the money
made in the business of Porter Bros,
did not belong to that concern.
"I did not think so," replied the wit
nesst
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mcrtensen'a farewell good wishes
were followed to-day by the Pardon
Board taking cp Hawcrth'a case. Affi
davit after affidavit was presented
timed by men cf standing, to the ef
fect that they had seen Haworth in
Ogden. sixteen and two-third miles
away, a half -hour before the murder
was committed. Seven of the Jurcrs
vrho ccnvtcted him asked for a commu
tation of sentence. The Chief of Police
in Ogden was one cf the men who
helped Mm In this alibL
Before all this evidence had been
presented Governor "Wells, chairman of
the Par don. Board, Interrupted the at
torney and "told him that was suffi
cient. The beard promptly granted the
commutation to life Imprisonment, as
asked. An application for full pardon
will new te made, with the prospect
that it win be granted.
"Oh, I hepe you'll have better luck
than I've had." replied Mortensen. "So
Iocs, old man."
They enlisted the aid of Senator Dol
liver, with the result that new evidence
v.-as unearthed and the Board of Par
dons promised to take up the case.
Yesterday Peter Mcrtensen was led
past Haworth's cell to be executed.
"Good-by, Pete; I suppose I'm next,"
Hawcrth called.
ESXIST ATT> OF DOLLIVEB.
An alleged confession tvas introduced.
Kawcrth repudiated this, but he was
nevertheless convicted. He was not ar
rested until some months after the
crime, his trial took place considerably
later, the appeal to the Supreme Court
t. as pending for a long time, and thus
tL* case hai dragged until he was final.
ly sentenced a few weeks ago. His rel
atives in Iowa, from whom he had been
separated for years, heard cf his plight
and get to work to save him, even
though the Supreme Court had rejected
his efforts to get a new trial.
Hawcrth is the son of a farmer living
rear Des Molnes, la. He had a roving
disposition and became a wandering
horse trader. While he was in Utah,
Thomas SandaJI. night watchman fn a
store at Layton, Utah, was murdered
on March 2S, 1S33. Haworth was tried
ar.d convicted cf the crime, and. after
arrrcrax a-rtaye, ttss sentenced to be ex
ecuted en December 11 next ' Being
given the option of hanging or shooting;
under the Utah law, he chose the lat
ter.
EVIDENCE IS CraCT7MSTA2imAIil
The case against Haworth was based
largely en circumstantial evidence. The
watchman was found dead in the store,
evidently having been shot by a' bur
glar. HaTrorth was identified as having
been seen in the vicinity shortly before
the crime, and evidence was presented
to Indicate that he had tried to dispose
cf bloody clothing. Popular prejudice
ran high against him. He was tried in
Farmington, a small town close to the
scene of the crime, abour miiway be
tween Salt Lake ar.d Ogden, and there
was talk of a lynching. During the
trial Haworth made an attempt to es
cape, which intensiSed the feeling.
Haworth was arrested through the
ftld cf the Saa Francisco police, who, at
the request cf the Utah authorities,
traced him to Portland, where he was
taken into custody.
Senator Reed Smoot figured in obtain
ing his release. He and Senator
Thomas Kearns were interested in the
case by Senator J. P. Dolliver of Iowa,
who, in turn, had had his sympathies
aroused by Hawcrth's father and
mother in Iowa.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Nov. 21.— With
less than three weeks intervening be
fore a sentence of death was to ha~c
been carried out, Nathan F. Haworth
was to-day shown to be innocent of the
crime for which he was to have been
executed. The evidence presented was
so conclusive that it convinced the
State Board cf Pardons, composed of
the Governor, the Attorney General
end three members of the Supreme
Court.
Epeeial Di«?atcii to Tfce Call.
Alleges That Vast "' Sums
Were Invested in Pri
vate Enterprises.
Senators Smoot, Kearns and
Dolliver Prove That He
Is Guiltless.
BOGOTA, Nov. 21. — A man prominent
In public affairs to-day Informed the
press that the Colombian Government
would await the result of the mission
to Washington of General Reyes be
fore deciding upon its policy as re
gards the new republic of Panama. The
general opinion here is that there will
be war. but the Government will first
do ita utmost to effect a diplomatic
arrangement.
United States Minister Beaupre and
Counsel for Creditors
Accuses Watson
of Fraud.
Nathan Haworth Not
to Be Shot* for a
Utah Murder.
Ready to Take
Arms Against
America.
Innocent Man Is
Saved From Ex
ecution.
"Secret Profits" of
Porter Concern
Missing.
Colombians Vol*
unteer for
FRUIT FIRM'S
BOOKS FAIL
TO BALANCE
OWES LIFE
TO TRIO OF
STATESMEN
LABOR CHIEFS
WILL GATHER
IN THIS CITY
BOGOTA'S DECLARATION OF HOSTILITIES
AWAITS THE RESULT OF GENERAL REYES'
DIPLOMATIC MISSION TO WASHINGTON
VSBS VUTIZB.
-.--rcrecas* mad* at Saa Praa
dae« for thirty boon esdisx
at&Sffct. 3srore=iT>er 23:
S aia Traadseo sad vicialty
ZA£Z\ iiowen Suaflay, probably
tr»»*tng away dsrln^ tie day;
lifit icctierly wta£s; ccsttaned
•waro. A. O. XZcASZE,
District Forecaster.
The San Francisco Call
. AIcax»? — ?TS» dsiVs.Bair."' .
'CWttrniiii > £*t tn»l>32> Crocs
• C«trai— "Va3«y,ta« Poifcr Star."
Co2Sn&l^— "Ttzx^njS SazsmA Is
risci>*'*— "Bui«* sad Xosm."
Gram 4 — "B o^K." /
' Orphmm— -Taodimt.
The Crates — VasdevUla.
TivoXi — Oraad Open.
VOLUME XC1V— NO. 175.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.PRESIDENT OF COLOMBIA
MAKES .^MOTHER APPEAL TO
PEOPLE OF UNITED STATES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1903.
COLON, Nov. 21.— Alfred Lebo, an
American who left Bogota on Novem
ber 6, reached Colon yesterday, bearing
messages from United States Minister
Beaupre to the State ' Department • in
Washington. Lobo will ; sail for New
Vice Consul at Colon Felicitates the
New Republic.
FRANCE EXTENDS GREETINGS.
The Colombian newspapers express
the hope that the American press will,
help the cause of Colombia. It Is an
nounced that the entire country rejects
the Independence of the isthmus and
demands that the Colombian Govern
ment send troops to check the secession
movement.
Volunteers/without distinction of po
litical parties, are enrolling with enthu
siasm, and thf*. Liberal leaders, who
have been the enemies of President
Marroquin, have offered him their ser
vices.
Two popular meetings were called
to protest against the presence here of
the American Minister, but the Gov
ernment issued orders forbidding them
to be held.
A battalion of troops Is on duty at
the United States legation.
Public opinion here demands that
Panama be compelled to submit to the
government of Colombia, which will
then conclude a canal treaty with the
United States. The population of Bo
gota" is quiet and the newspapers of the
capital are calmly but , energetically
discussing the situation. . ,
"We hope that the United States will
apply the doctrines which it upheld
during the war of secession and not op
pose the right of Colombia to suppress
rebels and not recognize their belliger
ency. The United States, by its recog
nition of the Government of Panama,
would accept conditions almost similar
to those existing at the time of the sep
aratist mor^tient in the United States,
thus aggravating the circumstances
and violating the treaty, which obliges
Colombia to enter an earnest protest
against such action.
"Colombia considers that her, friend
ship with the United States has reached
such a state of disturbance as. to make
it Impossible for her to continue diplo
matic relations with the United States
unless the latter announces its-inten
tion not to interfere with Colombia's
action to suppress the rebels oh the
Isthmus and in not recognizing their
belligerency or -the revolutionary gov
ernment.
¦ "Awaiting an early answer, I re
main, etc., etc., - "RICO." '
CLOSES WITH A THREAT.
" 'Here only one political power ex
ists and it is recognized by all na
tions.'
action of the United States was in con
trast with tha steps taken when Texaa
declared h«r independence, and, he
said,' was not recognized by, the United
States until two years later. He re
ferred to the treaty of December 12,
1846, between the United States and
New Granada, quoting article 1; say
ing that the United States by Its action
toward the Colombian forces on the
Isthmus had clearly violated said ar
ticle. .
The Minister then quoted the Cnal
part of article S5 of the treaty of 1846
and said the obligation of the United
States to maintain neutrality and Co
lombian sovereignty was clear and
could not be misinterpreted. He after
ward referred to the other treaties be
tween the United States and Colombia,
asserted that the treaty of 1846 was in
force and that if the United Btates
Government doubted that the recogni
tion of the independence of Panama
was against this treaty and wished to
submit the point to the arbitration of
another power or to The Hague arbl
trational tribunal, Colombia would
willingly agree to It
The Foreign Minister next touched
upon the Civil War in the United States
and said:
"When England and France recog
nized the belligerency of the Confeder
ate States, American diplomacy was so
astonished that Mr. Seward would not
listen to the reading of the Instruc
tions received by the Ministers of those
powers because the Union was divided
into belligerent factions, declaring that
it was not admissible; and Mr. Adams,
the American Minister In London, said,
quoting a disptch previously addressed
to the American Minister at Paris:
PANAMA, r Nov. a.— One of > the' " first
benefits resulting from the declaration of
independence of Panama is the decreased
cost of ice, the supply of which was con
trolled ' by : ", ah . extortionate monopoly
granted by '• the ' Government at ' Bogota.
The , company has 'lowered , Its ' price con
siderably, and. has thereby ;made -the peo^
pie of Panama, much -happier in! this re
spect .than they were under the old
regim*. / • ~" '
Cheaper Ice for Isthmians.
The Emerson Club of the Second Uni
tarian Church at Twenty-second and Capp
etreets gave an entertainment last night
in the church parlors. The entertain
ment was an Instructive one. The sub
ject, ''Radium. and the X-ray," was dis
cussed. Miss Norburg. and J.-K.' Carter
read papers on the . X-ray. The lecture
was illustrated by photographs by. Dr.
Huntly. Dr. D.' J. Kergan gave an Inter
esting exhibition with -an X-ray, machine.
Talks on the X Ray.
tVIENNA, <Nov. 21.— Baron Hengel
muller, the Austro-Hungarlan Embas
sador at 5 Washington, has : notified ' tne
Foreign Office that the republic of Pa
nama has requested recognition by the
European powers. No reply to the re
quest <of the Embassador has yet* been
sent.jbut the answer will doubtless an
nounce Austria-Hungary's recognition
of the new republic.
Austria Will Grant Recognition.
"ReSolved, That we drape i our charter
for thirty days, and a copy of these res
olutions be spread on the minutes of our
union, a copy be sent. to the relatives of
our deceased brother and a copy be sent
to the press for publication.
"M. W. COFFEY. President.
"JNO. DOWLIXG, Secretary
"JAS. BOWLAN,
"E. McCarthy.
"J. DOWLING, Committee."
"Resolved. That we tender to his
grief-stricken relatives an expression of
our sincere sorrow and earnest sympa
thy In this hour of bereavement; and be
It also
"Whereas, The hand of death has en
tered our ranks and taken from us an
esteemed brother, John Manning; and
"Whereas, the principles of unionism
of our late brother render it eminently
fitting that the Hackmen's Union, Local
No. 224, I. B. of T.. should be placed on
record in appreciation of his services
as a member and his merits as a man;
therefore be it
"Resolved, That we deeply mourn the
loss of our late brother, John Manning,
with feelings of regret softened only by
the confident hope that his spirit is en-
Joying perfect happiness in that better
world above; and be it further
The Hackmen'8 Union, having lost
through the death of John Manning, one
of its most active members, adopted the
following resolutions, a copy of which
was forwarded to the members of his
family and also spread on the minutes of
the union:
Tribute to Deceased Companion.
Succumbs to Apoplexy.
William Duwer, 66 years old, died snd-^
denly of apoplexy shortly before midnight
yesterday at his residence, 632 Jessie
street. Duwer had been an Invalid for
many years and suffered greatly. He
leaves a. wife and thre« grown children.
A bottle of carbolic acid was found in his
room, but Duwer had taken none of it.
. VALLEJO, Nov. 21.— An echo of the
serious trouble on the Isthmus of Pan
ama reached "the navy \ yard here this
af ternon In the shape of orders from
the Navy Department at Washington not
to put the , distilling and repair ship
Iris out of commission and asking how
quickly . the torpedo-boat . : destroyers
Preble,' • Paul Jones * and Fnrragut can
be got In readiness for active service.
The Washington authorities are pre
paring to make use if necessary of all
the available - strength In southern , wa
tersi The gunboat Petrel, which is still
here, • may soon be ordered to Join the
fleet at Panama. . ''
Government May Send Several Mare
-: Island Vessels to Panama.
ORDERS FOR WARSHIPS.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Nov. 21.— The offi
cial press here to-day published the text
of the cable message from President
Marroquin v of Colombia to President Cas
tro, Informing: the latter of the" recent
events on the Isthmus of Panama, say-
Ing" that the sacred 'cause of .sovereignty
and integrity of all the republics of
Latin-America was . one and the same,
and concluding:
"Colombia hopes that all her sisters of
Spanish-America will co-operate with
proofs of sympathy in the patriotic work
undertaken by her. Colombia is ' ready
to perish sooner thnn abandon the- prin
ciple of her integrity."
Colombia Asks for Proof of Her Sis
ter Republic's Sympathy. ,
APPEALS TO VENEZUELA.
The Electrical- Workers' Locan Union
No. 6 pave Its ninth annual- ball last
nig-ht at Mechanics' Pavilion. The affair
was preceded by an acrobatic, wrestling
and boxing exhibition.
The pavilion was brilliantly Illuminated
with myriads of Incandescent lights.
Dancing: was kept up until a late hour.
An immense crowd enjoyed the union's
g-ood programme. The committees In
charge of the ball were as follows:
Decorations — H. J. Kammerer (chair
man), W. J. Fisk, L. D. Moulin, I. Fross,
E. E. Gray. Electricians— Arthur Uglow
(chairman), F. Beem. F. Smith. President
— R. G. Alexander. Orator— P. H. McCar
thy. Floor— Harry Beach, R. D. Bennett,
E<i. Kappcrman. F. Haskell, Harry Lu
dnlph. Arrangements— H. J. Kammerer
(chairman), W. J. Flsk. F. Beem, F. J.
Smith, J. A. Richmond, A. Uglow, Ed.
Allender. William Ludolph (treasurer).
Reception— James Hammersley (chair
man). Nelson Bray. J. A. de Vecmon, F.
Haskell. F. H. Lynn. Honorary commlt
teemen—Local No. 15L P. N H. Pendleton,
W. C. Dennett, J. P. Counehan; Local No.
2K3. W. E. Owens, H. J. Summerhayes. C.
\V. Holland: Local No Jb&. WiUlam Wil
liam, J. R. Smith. William O'Ndl; auxil
iary of Local No. 6, E. V. McKenzle, P.
J. Kennedy, Albert Nagles.
Knights of the Incandescent Lamp
Make Merry at Their Yearly
Dance.
Deputy Coroner Fennell testified that
he had examined the exploded boiler
and had found it badly encrusted with
scale and that the crownsheet and
other parts were very thin and weak,
and therefore dangerous. It was shown
also that the' boiler had lain out of
doors for several years unused and was
covered with moss and mold before
BIggo resurrected It and put It to use.
Blggo is out of town and could not
be secured as a witness.
In the case of the death of John Ray
nor, killed on September 23 at Ocean
View by the explosion of a stationary
boiler in Rico Biggo's quarry, a Cor
oner's Jury yesterday presented a ver
dict to the effect that the boiler was
very old and unfit for use. The verdict
continues:
"And we hereby censure the owners
of the quarry at which the accident
happened for using such an .unfit and
dangerous boiler, thereby needlessly
exposing the lives of laboring men and
causing the death of said John Ray
nor."
"Was Put in "Use After Remaining for
Years Covered With. Moss and
Mold.
The Southern Pacific Company has de
cided to make a legal test of the right of
Assessor Dodge to separately assess the
company's ferry system between here and
Oakland and Alameda. Some months ago
the Assessor placed an appraisement upon
the ferry franchise of 57,500,000, and the
Assessor of Alameda County made a sim
ilar appraisement, it being Jointly
claimed by the officials of, the two bay
counties that the franchise was worth
115 000.000 and that the company should
pay a proportionate share of the assess
ment into the treasuries of the two coun
ties. "> j V
The railroad company, through its tax
agent. E. Black Ryan, opposed the as
sessment on the ground that the company
had no franchise for its ferries, but that
they are part of the franchise of the rail
road, which is annually appraised and
taxed by the State Board of Equalization.
The board recently fixed the assessment
of the* company, and it now proposes to
go to law with the Assessors.
On Wednesday it will make a tender to
the Assessor. of the taxes due upon its
realty within the county, and in the
Ready to Contest Dodge's Right to
Separately Assess the Ferry
System.
BAILBOAD PREPARING
TO FIGHT ASSESSOR
ELECTRICIANS GIVE
ANNUAL GRAND BALL
DEFECTIVE BOILER CATJSES
DEATH OP JOHN BAYNOE
event of tha Assessor demanding a sepa
rate payment for the ferries, the com
pany will refuse and .force the county
official to so into the courts for a ruling.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Editor V. S. McClatcay of the Sacra
mento Bee is at the 'California.
Dr. Elmer E. Stone of the Napa Insane
Asylum and wife are at the Palace.
Edson C. Merritt and S. W. Burrls,
bankers of Santa Rosa, are at the Cali
fornia.
State Surveyor . General Victor H.
Woods Is down from Sacramento and
registered at the Lick.
George K. Hanscozn, master electrician
of the equipment department at Mar*
Island, is staying at the California.
J. L. Hackett. a wealthy distiller of
Louisville, who is interested in the build
ing of the railroad from Sodaville to Toa
opah, Is registered at the Palace.
Charles D. Lane, the well-known mining
man, who Is extensively interested In
Alaskan properties, arrived from the
north yesterday and is staying at the Pal
ace, i ... ¦'¦•.^'¦¦uJf ,.'
Ernest Wlltsee,' American manager of
the Venture Corporation of London, has
arrived from the East on a tour of In
spection of the company's mining prop
erties in the West.
WASHINGTON, Nov^ 21.— The State
Department has not yet been informed of
the result of General Reyes' mission to
the isthmus. Neither has Beaupre been
heard from, but there is no apprehension
on the score of his safety. It is believed
here that the principal object of General
Reyes' visit is to try to effect an adjust
ment of his country's troubles by secur
ing for the Colombian Government some
share of the money which the United
States, under the new treaty, will pay
to Panama.
It was said positively at the State and
Navy departments to-day that there was
no intention of reinforcing the naval
force in isthmian waters.
Minister Bunau-Varilla has gone to
New York, and the Commissioners from
Panama are visiting Baltimore.
Colombia's Probable Reason for Send
ing Reyes to Panama.
WANTS PAET OP CANAL FUND.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21.— The Brit
ish Government is showing an interest
In the fate of the bonds Issued by Co
lombia and taken up by foreigners,
mostly British and Dutch holders.
Raikes, the British Charge here, had a
half hour's talk to-day with Secretary
Hay and it is believed that this sub
ject was touched upon.
The position of ' the' department, in
brief, Is that it cannot dictate to Pan
ama what disposition shall be made of
the money which is to be paid over by
the United States in consideration of
the canal right, but It certainly holds
that it is only right and Just that Pan
ama, In concluding a treaty of peace
with Colombia, shall make provision
for the assumption of a share of the
Colombian national debt; so it is ex
pected that the moral force of the de
partment will be exerted in that direc
tion.
AMSTERDAM, Nov. 21.— Two repre
sentatives of the Stock Exchange com
mittee called on the Foreign Minister
to-day and urged that the Government
of The Netherlands shall not recognize
the Government of Panama unless the
latter assumes a portion of the Colom
bian debt or surrendered to the Col
ombian bondholders a portion of the
money to be paid by the United States
under the Hay-Varilla treaty. The
Minister, in reply, refrained from com
mitting himself to any definite line of
action and the committee therefore de
cided to formally submit its views in
writing to The Netherlands Govern
ment. .
HOLDERS OF B0NI>S ANXIOUS*
Britain Takes Up Question of Pana
ma's Obligations.
On the following day Minister Rico
acknowledged the receipt of this note
and set forth that Colombia, wishing
to have the canal opened, signed a
treaty on January 22, 1903, . to consider
which the Colombian Congress was
called to meet in extraordinary ses
sion. The Government of Colombia,
he added, was notified also that the
United States would not admit modifi
cations of the measure, and that if it
were not approved friendly relations
between the two countries would be
compromised and the United States
Congress would take painful measures.
The treaty was sent to Congress with
this information. The Senate did not
approve of the treaty and appointed a
commission to study the best means of
satisfying the United; States Govern
ment without violating the constitu
tion.
Continuing, Minister Rico wrote that
Minister Herran Informed the United
States, Government on the 3d inst. that
the military at Panama had rebelled
and proclaimed the independence of
Panama, owing to the belief that an
other military force, arriving that day
at Colon, would be disarmed by the
Nashville's marine's, this intervention
preventing the re-establishment *of
constitutional order.
The Colombian Minister then said
the United States immediately after
ward entered into relations with the
rebels. Indicating that Colombia must
accept the situation or engage in a civ
il war, the action of the United States
also meaning that it would not allow
the Colombian Government to take
military measures to suppress the reb
els and reintegrate the nation. The
United States thus became the ally of
the rebels and severed her friendly
ties with Colombia.
Minister Rico then asserted that this
STATES COLOMBIA'S CASE.
The following are extracts from the
recently exchanged notes between
United States Minister Beaupre and
Foreign Minister Rico. Beaupre wrote:
"I have received a cable message say
ing that the people of Panama as the
result of a popular movement have
broken the political treaties with Co
lombia, have assumed Independence by
the adoption of their own government
and will be recognized by the President
of the United States, who recommends
that the governments of Colombia and
Panama arrive at a pacific and equita
ble settlement of the questions in dis
pute. He declares the United States is
bound by treaties and by the interests
of civilization to insist that free traffic
across the isthmus be uninterrupted by
constant civil wars. BEAUPRE."
"No matter what the procedure of
the Government at Washington may
be, the persons,and the property of cit
izens of the United States here remain
confident in the traditional honor of
the Government and people of Colom
bia. MARROQUIN."
dard of civilisation befor* th» world
always have been opposed to the ¦•-
cession of territories and the dismem
bering of nations. Non-recognition of
the Confederate States during the Civil
War confirms emphatically the applica
tion of this doctrine decisively at criti
cal momenta.
••The Amer*-*n people will not per
mit, I am sure, a violation of publlo
treaties, thus denying their glorious
traditions, in order to obtain by force
what Colombia Is ready to concede
through paciflo and equitable ways.
Colombia heartily wishes to strengthen
the ties of friendship and commerce
with the United States and' give vigor
ous Impulse to the common Interests
and to the greater power and glory of
her oldest sister republic But the pro
ceedings of the Washington Govern
ment interfere, unhappily, with good
feeling in both countries, being a bar
rier in the way of a higher enterprise
advantageous not only to them, but to
humanity In general.
APPEAL TO AMEBI0A1T HON0E.
"The Colombian people, tranquil In
the strength of right and being sure of
the sentiments of Justice and equity .of
the American people, appeal to the na
tional conscience of the % United States,
which conscience constitutes a force
superior by far to that of any army or
navy. In order to save the honor and
integrity .of our territory.*
. "The Stars and Stripes, always dear
to and respected by the republics of
both Americas, never shall be outraged
or blemished In Colombia.
' York on tha Alliance on November. 24.
During his official visit to Governor
Melendea on .Wednesday the French
Vice Consul here, Bonhenri, said:
"As I had the honor to; inform you
before, France has decided to recognize
the republic of Panama as a sovereign
state. My. credentials will be presented
later. In the meantime, my Govern
ment desires to see established forth
with cordial relations between the ad
ministrations of the two republics. It
is both a great honor and an intense
pleaure to Inform you of my Govern
ment's pledges of amity. On my part,
I will strive to make these desires real
ities, in order that the cordial relations
between you and the distinguished
agents of your administration and the
Vice Consulate under my charge shall
be maintained, and that France . and
the Isthmians shall continue to frater
nize as during the past quarter of a
century. -
- "I offer you, Mr.. Governor, the old
republic's most sincere wishes for the
happiness and prosperity of the new
born republic."
Governor Melendez replied:
"If is exceedingly gratifying to re
ceive official advice of the recognition
of the republic of Panama by the Gov
ernment of France. I hope that the re
lations binding the two states will be
come each day more sincere and cor
dial. On my part, you may depend that
I shall omit nothing to insure this end.
My best wishes for the prosperity of
the Government and people of France
and her Worthy representative at
Colon." -,...-.
Continued From Pag© SI, Column 7.
22
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The only way to gct» rid
of pimples and other erup-
tions is to cleanse the blood,
improve the digestion, stim-
ulate the kidneys, liver and
skin. The medicine to take is
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Which has cured thonsands.
Purely vegetable, mild and rellabl". Causes
jterieel Cisertion. complete absorption and
healthful resularity. - > - ¦-'-- :v«"
Vcr the cure of all disorders of the Stomach,
Uver. BcwcU. Kidneys, Bladder. Female lr-
jftula-ltles Blck Headache, Biliousness. Con-
nlpatlon. Piles and all derangements of th«
Internal Viscera. 2!Je a box. At druggists or
by xnalL EADWAr. & CO., New Jork.. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AONPLEASANT EXPERIENCE.
Has it ever been your unhappy lot
to be told by your physician that you
must ko to a hospital and submit to
an operation? If bo, you remember
with what dread and shrinking you
awaited the day when you must endure
the knife.
The present day surgeon appears to
be possessed by a mania for operating,
especially In cases of hemorrhoids or
piles, and while the greater number of
the profession do not recommend this
"last resort" unless they honestly be-
lieve It necessary, the fact remains that
much needless operating Is done, and
the patient put to much expense and
suffering for what?
To obtain a possible temporary re-
lief; these words are used advisedly,
because in nine cases out of ten the
affliction returns and the patient is
Just where he started from, i Often-
times he could be cured much ' more
simply and easily by the use 'of such
a remedy as the Pyramid Pile Cure;
this has come to be recognized as the
best remedy on the market for
the painful disease named, and the
druggists now sell more of It than all
other pile remedies combined. .
The writer personally knows people
who were afflicted with the worst form
of bleeding and protruding piles : and
who were permanently cured by the
use of Pyramid Pile Cure. ' In every
one of these cases the attending phy-
Bician had assured the sufferer that
only by an operation could he rid him-
self of the disease; so much for the in-
fallibility of the doctors. v • -. _ *
This remedy, which is ¦ sold by all
druggists at the low price- of fifty
cents, , Is in .< suppository : form, is ap-
plied directly to the parts affected, end
performs its ¦ work . quietly and pain-
lessly. The , Pyramid Drug Co., Mar-
shall,. Mich., will mail free to any ad-
dress a book telling all about piles or
hemorrhoids, their cause and cure. •
A suggestion is v ; offered £ that j. If ; the
reader is afflicted,' or knows any , one
who Is, this; book be sent for, as it will
» be found Invaluable. WE&UBHKB£?<
PB. PIERCED BEMEDIES.' ,
A mqtorman.in Chicago ran hia car
anto the approach of an open bridge but
stopped it with the fender actually over-.
hanging the gnlf below. He wouldn't
want to repeat the experiment because
lbs chances are that he'd never again
have the same good fortune. - . ; ; :
' O n c e i n & *' i »— gMMpj*^
who has travel- . ' p^y I ¦.. I •¦ .£aJW&g
stomach dis- -f*stei METROPOLI
ease stops just^g|lf*^ 'M^^fuuu^^^
in time to save^^jpgjg^T— j-,^!—
his health. But'" H'S^^^^g^
the majority of ' l "**^7 s N5=^|r|£p
people go across
the Hue, and - -
slight symptoms of indigestion grow tc
disease of the stomach, involving the
other organs of -digestion and nutrition
; Indigestion and other, forms of stom-
ach " trouble "-are perfectly and per-
manently cured by the use of Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery. It strength-
ens the whole body by enabling the per-
fect digestion and assimilation of food.
$3,000 FORFEIT will . be paid by [the
World's Dispensary Medical Association.
Proprietors, Buffalo, N.Y., if they cannot
show the r original signature of the indi-
vidual volunteering the testimonial below,
and also- of .the ..writers of 7 every testi-
noniai among,' the thousands which they.
arc constantly ; publishing, thus proving
their genuineness.
- « I have been sinTering: Tor about el*nt years,"
writes Mrs. H. Pierce, of Millsprings, Kv. " Uave
had several doctors to treat me— tome for female
weakness and others for stomach trouble, but
received no relief. I When I wrote you for advice
I was hardly able to work, and you advised me
what to do. . I took nine bottles, five of ! Golden
Medical Discovery, 1 four of 'Favorite Prescrip-
tion. 1 also two vials of the ' Pellets. 1 Dr, Pierre's
medicines will do all that you elalm for tK5m.'
Believe I would have been in my grave if I had
net taken them." .-.' „.
'Dr. Pierce's Medical Adviser is scnt/rte
oh receipt of * stamps ; to [ pay; expense ~ of
mailing "only. ' Send 2i~one-cent 6tamps for
the book in paper covers, : or >u{ stamps. for
the cloth-bound volume. : Address Dr. F. V.
-Pierce, Buffalo, -N. «Y#v - -*' \_:
DB. SHOOP'S BETVTrTDIES. .
Six Books for the Sick.
What I Learned After 30 Years.
\
W/L j jm w Boo?c 1 on Dyspcps$3-
shall Book S on the Kidneys.
: -r •' . J > Book 5 for Men (sealed).
. Sendr Book ft on Rheumatism.
: j&j '" No money Is wanted.
» Sl Simply select the book you need.
' It is my experience as a specialist of 20 years. In the book I
tell how at last, I found a way to reach difficult, deep-seated dis-
. eases. Thirty years of earnest, ardent toll in hospitals and at
bedsides, made it possible for me to write these books.
The books tell how I perfected my prescription — Dr. Shoop's
Restorative. How by scientific experiment I traced out the
causes t'at bring on chronic diseases.
I found invariably where there wa»' a -weakness, that the in-
side nerves were weak. , .. " ,:
Where there was a lack of vitality, that .the vital nerves
lacked power.
Where weak organs were found, I always found weak- nerves. •
Not the nerves commonly thought of, but the vital organs
nerves. The inside — the invisible nerves.
This was a revelation.
. - Then my real success began.
Then I "combined Ingredients that would strengthen — that
would vitalize these nerves.
That prescription I called a restorative. It is known the
world over now as Dr. Shoop's Restorative. that I did not
fall to cure one case in each hundred. In the extremely difficult
cases my failures for five years were one in each forty treated.
I found cancer Incurable. Cancer is for surgery, not medicine.
Then how to get this prescription to the sick ones everywhere
was my thought. • J
I must announce it in the public press. But, thought I, will
they realize the real truth of my discovery — the real power of Dr.
Shoop's Restorative? Then a way came to me — like a revelation.
"I will offer it to the sick on trial," said I. "Then they will
know I am sincere."
I wrote a reliable druggist in each city and village In
America.
I got their consent to co-operate with me.
* Now to any sick one
Dr. Shoop's Restorative
Can be Taken on Trial.
For a full month I will let you use it entirely at ray risk. ~ #
Send no money. Just write me for the book you need. When
I send it I will tell you of a druggist near you who will permit
the month's trial.
.^ Use the restorative a month. Then decide. If you say to
the druggist, "It did not help me," that will relieve you of any ex-
pense whatever. He will bill the cost to me. ~
This is my way of clearing your mind of all doubt as to what
Dr. Shoop's Restorative can do.
No matter, how prejudiced, you cannot dlspata this absolute
security I offer.
You cannot resist an offer like this if you are at all sick.
If you have a weakness, writ* mo.
If you can't do things like you used to do them, tell me about It.
Write in confidence. As a physician I will tell you a way to
help.
Get my book now — to-day.
• Address Dr. Shoop, Box 16S0. Racine, Wl*.
Mild cases, not chronic, are often cured by one or two bottle*.
At druggists. _^
sr, gmcmra swamp-boot,
SI BY SWAMP-BOOT
Suffered With Inflammation-Catarrh of the Bladder
and Weak Kidneys.
Hori. D. A. Montgomery's Interview With the Editor
of the Nashville American.
UOX. D. A. MONTGOMERY.^
Sir. Blcntffomery, Ex-Member of State Legislature, was recently Inter-
viewed 137 the Nashville (Tenn.) American, res-ardlnsr tli cure by Swamp-Boot
anfl made the folio wing- signed statement:
"My indorsement of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp- Root cannot be written strong
enough. I had been greatly troubled with my kidneys and with what the
doctors termed inflammation of the neck of the bladder. Was obliged to pass
water very frequently day and night, often with smarting and burning. Some-
times ray back would get so lame and sore that I was almost helpless. I tried
several doctors and medicines to no good effect, when finally I heard that Dr.
Kilmer would send a sample bottle of his kidney medicine, Swamp-Root, free
by mail. I sent at once and received a sample bottle without delay. After
trying the sample I concluded it was just the medicine I needed, and I pur-
chased a liberal supply from my merchant and friend, Mr. E. J. Eslizer. To-
day I am a well man. and can ride horseback and drive with any of my
friends. I cannot Tecommend Swamp-Root too highly for what it has done
for me. You are at liberty to use this letter or refer any one to me, and I will
gladly tell them about my past troubles and what a wonderful remedy this
Swamp-Root is. I am very glad to recommend it to others at every opportu-
nity. Mr. James Ivens of Saundersville, Tenn, and many others are taking it
with good results. Yours very truly, &)fi~Yrt 7"*
Worsham, Sumner Co., Tenn., Nov. nth. J[lJ.\l % f/f0Yi£c/fiffc$AAf
The mild and extraordinary effect of the world-famous kidney and blad-
der remedy, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, is soon realized. It stands the high-
est for its "wonderful cures of the most distressing cases. A trial will convince ,
an}- one — and jou may have a sample bottle sent free, by mail.
Sample Bottle of Swamp-Root Free by Mail.
EDITORIAL NOTE— If you have the slightest symptoms of kidney or
bladder trouble, or if there is a trace of it in your family history, send at once
to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y., who will gladly send you by mail,
immediately, without cost to you, a sample bottle of "Swamp-Root and a
book telling all about Swamp-Root and containing many of the thousands
upon thousands of testimonial letters received from men and women cured.
In writing to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Binghamton, N. Y., be sure to say that you
read this generous offer in the San Francisco Sunday Call.
If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root is what you need, you can
purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-dollar size bottles at the drujr stores
everywhere. Don't make any mistake, but remember the name. Swamp
Root, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the address, Binghamton, N. Y., on
every bottle. '
\ ¦¦}',; ADVERTISEMENTS.
I A«g!^^^^^^S^ A MILLION HEALTHY, MANLY 0
//^S^^^Sr^^SSV AMEBIOANMEN.fathersoffani- |
*j M^^^^<X>>^&W%, mea » busk 1683 men, statesmen, W
5| yW x^vjiMv tnechanic3, fanners, lawyers, min- g
\ in isSuSSlk ister3 > doctors, bookkeepers, ban*- g
' ; f£3K j&* l$j^i£2/ er8 ' sailors, soldiers, traveling |
ii£l^ ¦ salesmen, railroaders, laboring m ¦
TgS' *^-^\ Bf*lv, 7 men, men in every walk of life, in g
i feU?L 'd * &lA every line of activity, keep their g
h HP^H^r-CTi bowels regular with OASOAR- R
v fflWi\ IP/ CM ETS Candy Cathartic. They tell H
»T*« '^%W P merit ofthis wonderful little tab- p
™*« rBF^ft * \ let - TheytakoCASCAKSTShomo |
f»9t raarfS^ y 1& coneequence is a sale of OJER£ |
goodr' %9-««^^ MILLION BOXES A' MONTH g
1 JSF 5^ made by merit and appreciation. |
X j5 7 M&k S A man who keeps his bowels regular B|
JRM&g-sk J7 with CASCARETS, can keep strong and tj
< **fa$Pff5 5^ 5r healthy even without much exercise, for when H
MWX& thebowolsarercflrularandtbodifiresuonatrong I
JMr W the eystem is safe and the xnuscleMwain and H
/££r df nerves will have inexhaustible elasticity ani ule. u
¦W- J¥ All druggists. lOc 25c, 6O& NereraoW to *gj. g» B""" I
J r . titf ulne tabftt stampede C C. Sampled* w«"sigg. \\
m jff Address Sterunjr Eemedy Co, Chicago or wewxors. jj
I Al^UAL SALE— TEE RSILSJOW BOXES §
L Greatest in tha ____„ .ZeJBELFAST, Nov. 21. — The White' Star
Lire steamer Baltic, the largest steamer
in the world, was successfully launched
here to-day. Her displacement is 39.S0O
tons.
"World's Largest Steam ship.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 21.— The three
masted lumber schooner Owena Vance
arrived this evening from Puget Sound.
The vessel was overdue and there had
been some apprehension as to her safe
ty. She was twenty-nine days making
the voyage and encountered terrific
weather, during which her cargo
shifted.
Overdue Schooner Arrives.
Horses for Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 21.— Manager
J. "W. Brooks of Ascot Park received
telegraphic information to-day that the
racing stable of Pat Dunne, compris
ing two carloads, will reach here from
Chicago next Monday morning. On
Thanksgiving day the stables of Ed
ward Corrlgan, J. T. Williams, Dave
"Waldo, S. Peters, Charles McDonald
and W. W. Lyle will ship from Latonia
direct to Los Angeles. These stables
make ten carloads of high class racing
stock. A large number of horses al
ready on the ground are being exer
cised over the new track.''
Kills Striker, in Self -Defense.
CHICAGO, Nov. 21.— Daniel' E. ; Lang,
foreman of the pressroom of the, R. B.
Donnelly & Sons Company, was at
tacked by a mob of striking pressmen
to-night and in defending himself
killed Emile Reichow, one of his as
sailants, with a bullet through the fore
head. Lang is a union man.
as major general In the regular army.
Secretary Root, in his letter, does not
make any reference or reply to the
charges that have been made against
General Wood as Military Governor of
Cuba.
Carnegie Cheered at Birthplace.
EDINBURGH, Nov. 21.— The formal
handing over to-day of Pittencrieff
Park, the gift of Andrew Carnegie to
Dunfermline, his birthplace, was the
occasion of an enthusiastic demonstra
tion. The employes of all the works at
Dunfermline marched in procession
through the streets to the park, where
the ceremony of taking public posses
sion of it was performed.
Steamers in Close Connection.
LONDON, Nov. 21.— The mails carried
by the Cunard line steamer Campania,
which sailed from Xew York at 4:48
p. m. November 14, and those carried
by the American line steamer St. Louis,
which left New York at 11:40 a. m.
November 14, reached London practi
cally at the same time to-day. The
mails of the two steamers "were dis
tributed at the same delivery at 12:15
p. m.
Lake Steamer Overdue.
DULUTH. Minn.. Nov. 21.— The steamer
Progress, with the barge Iron Cliff in tow.
Is five days overdue and serious fears are
entertained that they have been unable
to withstand the heavy seas of Lake Su
perior. Both boats were old and heavily
laden -with coal.
"Will Confer With Menelik.
JIBUTL. French Somaliland, Nov. 21.
— Robert P. Skinner, United States Con
sul at Marseilles (who is going to Adis
Abeba. the capital of Abyssinia, where
he will conduct negotiations with King
Menelik) and his party, escorted by thir
ty marines, left here this morning for
Harrar. During their stay at Jibuti the
members of the party were courteously
entertained by the French authorities.
Postal Treaty With Hongkong.
"WASHINGTON. Nov. 21.—Postmas
ter General Payne and Arthur Raikes,
the British Charge d'Affaires, to-day
signed the parcels post treaty with
Hongkong and it will be approved im
mediately by President Roosevelt. The
treaty will take effect January 1 next
and provides a maximum limit of four
pounds six ounces.
Earthquake Shock in Sicily.
ROME. Nov. 21. — A heavy shock of
earthquake was felt In Eastern Sicily to
day. The disturbance is believed to be
a result of the recent eruption of the
Etrornboli volcano.
Galvan intended to sail from San
Juan November 18, but missed his con
nections and will not be ab!e to. leave
until November 24, when "v; will start
for the United States from Ponce.
SAN JUAN. P. R., Nov. 21.— Senor
Galvan, the Foreign Minister of the re
public cf Santo Domingo, has arrived
here on his way to Washington, where,
it is said on his authority, he will of
fer the United States Samana Bay as
a coaling station in exchange for the
United States support of the govern
ment o* President Wos y Gil, who will
make a desperate resistance to the
rebels before the capital pending Gal
van's arrival at Washington.
SALONICA, Nov. 2L— An entire bat
talion of troops was dispatched from
Seres, Macedonia, to-day, to re-enforce
a Turkish command which has been be
sieged for two days in the mountains
near Spatovo by a band of 350 insur
gents. Thirty of the Turkish soldiers
have already been killed.
Insurgents Besiege a
Command in Mace
donia.
Seeks to Buy American
Support Against
Jiminez.
PRESIDENT GIL
OFFERS A BRIBE
THIRTY TURKISH
SOLDIERS SLAIN
The entire afternoon was occupied
by the cominitte In examining Conant.
In connection with the alleged accep
tance of presents from the Jai Alai by
General and Mrs. Wood, Conant told
of a telegram which was sent from Ha-
THAT JAI ALAI PRESENT.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21.— The Senate
Military Committee continued Its in
vestigation to-day of the charges made
against General Wood.
Major Rathbone, who filed many of
the charges, was the first witness. He
was asked if he had given out state
ments concerning the inquiry, and ad
mitted that he had done so. He was
requested in the future to, consider
whatever took place inside the com
mittee room to be executive, and he
agreed to refrain from making public
any of the subsequent proceedings.
The committee decided that all extra
neous, irrelevant evidence should be ex
cluded. Hearsay testimony, even if
supported by documents known to be
on file at the War Depratment was
included in the matter ruled out,' as
well as that of the witnes who told
of the general impressions relating to
the acceptance of the gifts from the
Jai Alai company by General and Mrs.
Wood. In this connection much of the
evidence offered by Ernst Lee Conant
of the Havana office of a New York
law firm was ruled out. The methods
of procedure are those of a court of
justice, with the members of the com
mittee serving as court and jury.
BITTER FIGHT IN PROSPECT.
"If General Leonard Wood were on
trial for his life he would not receive
instructions from the court more favor
able than the rulings which have been
made by the Senate Military Commit
tee in the conduct of the present in
vestigation," said a member of the
committee to-night when asked con
cerning the methods used in detail with
the various witnesses examined.
It is believed that this evidence will
go before the Senate in executive ses
sion, and in the event of a decision by
the committee favorable to General
Wood the fight will be transferred to
the floor of the Senate. In fact, notice
of this has been given to a member of
the committee by one of the members
who joined in the protest against Gen
eral Wood's, confirmation to be a briga
dier general.
Witnesses Tell of Cuban Gambling
Company's Gift of Silver Set
to the Former Bough,
Rider. *
Committee Decision Favor
able to General Will
Not End Strife.
Judge Cleveland said that in view of
the conflicting forms of the decrees of
fered he would draw the decree him
self, giving all parties an opportunity
for a hearing on it if so desired during
the next week. /
Later in the day Mr. Bryan's attor
ney submitted to the court the form of
decree which they desired' entered.
After a statement that the will "Is ap
proved, allowed and ordered to be re
corded" this document declares that the
court finds that the envelope and the
letter which was within it are the
sealed letter referred to in section 12 of
the will, and that no undue Influence
was used, but that the court further
finds that the envelope and letter are
not proved to have been in existence at
the time of the execution of the will;
that the typewritten document which
Mr. Bryan offered was in evidence at
the time of the execution of the will;
that the letter contained in the envelope
was copied therefrom, but that the
typewritten document is not the sealed
letter referred to in section ' 2 of the
will; that the court therefore orders
that neither the letter nor the typewrit
ten document be admitted to probate,
without prejudice, however, to any
claim which may be hereafter made,
that they may be operative as a declar
ation of the trust mentioned in sec
tion 12 of the will, or otherwise.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Nov. 21.-The
inability of opposing counsel in the
case of the will of the late Philo S.
Bennett to agree on the form of the
formal decree to be entered In the Pro
bate Court proceedings was made man
ifest to-day when Judge Henry Stod
dard, as counsel for Mrs. Bennett, the
widow. 1 and other heirs, filed with
Judge Livingston W. Cleveland of the
court his draft of the form of the de
cree. With it Judge Stoddard submit
ted a note to the court saying that At
torney Hewitt of counsel for William J.
Bryan, the executor of the will, had
been unable to agree with him as to the
wording of the decree.
After Browne left the committee
room, Major. Rathbone resumed his
statement where he left off yesterday.
He was examined closely in regard to
his- charges that General Wood used
coercion and undue Influence with the
courts In getting instructions which
were unfavorable to Major Rathbone
on his trial in connection with the post
al fraud cases'. ' *
Secretary Root, in response to a re
quest i from the Military Committee,'
composed a report on the military rec
ord of General Wood. ; It is a strong
condemnation of that officer. The Sec
retary- reviews his career, pointing out
that he was first a line officer and then
became a 'surgeon. When a surgeon
he asked i arid obtained ' command of
troops I in the; Geronimo campaign-
Root appends letters of commendation
by General Miles and the late General
Lawton. He also - points out ' General
Wood's 'services -during the, Spanish
war. and calls attention to the fact that
he has been flve'tlmes named as a gen
eral v officer, i twice .as a brigadier : gen
eral of volunteers, once as a major gen
eral " of . volunteers, .« once as ' brigadier
general in the regular army and again
RATHBONE'S ACCUSATIONS.
Browne was questioned also in regard
to the charge that General Wood knew
the character of, the Jai Alai Company
when he argued in- favor of granting
It a concession to operate-
When reference tof this charge was
made by Browne, he was "asked by Sen
ator Cockrell to substantiate his asser
tion. He did so by directing attention
to official publications in Cuban news
papers, showing the nature of the Jai
Alal's establishment. The statements
included a j copy of the company's . by
laws and it was declared that these
had been suppressed by General Wood
In his statement to the War Depart
ment concerning the establishment.
The ground gone over by Browne Is
covered in the general statement of
charges filed with the company by Ma
jor Rathbone. It is expected Browne
will again be called before the investi
gation is concluded.
NEWSPAPEB MAN TESTIFIES.
Herbert J. Browne, a newspaper man;
who was in Cuba during the American
occupation, was called as a witness.
Brown told the committee that he had
obtained 'the affidavits made by, share
holders In the Jai Alai Company which
had been filed by Major Rathbone. In
the affidavits the shareholders declared
their stock had been assessed for the
purpose of paying the cost of the pres
ents which were given by the gambling
establishment to General and Mrs
Wood.
A request has been made that the
committee subpena a number of army
officers who served in Cuba with Gen
eral Wood, but thus far no action has
been taken by the committee In that
direction.
After much discussion the commit
tee ruled this testimony ouf of order.
Galbls is, dead, but it is said the tele
gram can be produced and will be of
fered to the Senate.
vana to New York while the granting
of a concession to the establishment
was pending. The story of the tele
gram was told to Conant by G. K.
Childs, a shareholder in the Jal Alai.
He said that Pedro Galbls, secretary of
the establishment, went to New York
to purchase a silver dinner set for Gen
eral "Wood and while there was ordered
not to make the investment until no
tice of the granting of the concession
was printed in the official gazette of
Havana. The concession was granted,
a* telegram was sent to Galbis and, ac
cording to Conant, the purchase was
made at a cost of $5100.
NEW YORK, Nov. 21.— The Financier
this week says: The official statement
of the New York Associated Banks last
week showed a loss of 53,747,500 cash,
Instead of (720,400, the amount of loss
which was estimated upon the basis of
the traceable movements of money
during the week. This discrepancy of
more than $3,000,000 between the official
and the estimated loss cannot be ac
counted for even on the supposition
that it was due to the operation of the
average system. The assay office paid
during the week $1,112,419 for imported
gold, which payment was not Included
in the estimates; moreover, the whole
of the disbursement should, it would
seem, have been accounted for in cash
receipts by the banks, because the pay
ments were distributed throughout the
entire week. There was a transfer to
San Francisco on Friday of $500,000,
which did not appear In the estimates,
but this would count only for an aver
age of one day, or one-sixth of the
amount. The estimated loss in the pre
vious week showed a decrease of $4,266,-(
100 cash, while the official statement
indicated a reduction of $2,913,200. It is
quite possible, therefore, that some of
the loss in the week ending November
14 was brought over into last week,
thus partly accounting for the above
noted discrepancy of $3,000,000.
The deposits decreased $6,180,700 last
week, and the required reserve was
te^.eby reduced $1,520,425; deducting
ti\s sum from the loss of cash leaves
$2,227,075 as "the decrease in surplus re
sew e to $3,911,350. Computed upon the
basis of deposits less those of $36,810,100
of public funds, the surplus is $13,llli
625. Loans were decreased $2,620,700,
probably reflecting the average of calls
made late In the week and also the
liquidating of speculative accounts on
the Stock Exchange. Borrowing upon
sterling investments was most likely
not large enough to have an- offsetting
influence. Comparisons of loans with
the previous week show that six of the
larger banks reduced this item by
$400,000 net. Cash changes show a loss
by six banks of $3,800,000. Though the
surplus reserve of the benks is low,
this fact should cause no concern.
Doubtless in the' current week the
greater part of the $6,000,000 gold now
in transit will arrive, and payment
therefor should be reflected in the bank
statement.
Court Decides That It Will
Prepare the Document
and End Dispute.
Intend to Carry Cam
paign to Floor of
Senate.
Estimate of Loss Given at
$700,000, When It Was
Much Greater.
Bryan's Counsel and
Their Opponents Fail
to Agree.
Figures Astonish Guess
er3 at New York's
Gold Mo vementa *
WOOD'S FOES
WILL FIGHT
TO THE END
JUDGE TO DRAW
BENNETT DECREE
MISTAKE JUST
THREE MILLIONS
THE SAN FK ANCISCO CAL.lv SUNDAY, NOYEMBER 22, 1903.
23
. ADVE3TIEEMEHTS.
It is a beautiful thing for a
grocer to do, to sell Schilling's
Best ; for the goods arc good
and the dealing is high; there's
nothing higher in business.
AJVEBTISEMENTS. \^^ ;¦____-__
1 A Little Chat on Your~Soii's Clothes
Our Juvenile Department is growing faster than the popula- zc^^psk
Rfe|/ ) This shows that more and more mothers are finding out that
! sf?. «V it P a }' s better to buy direct from the maker than to purchase from
! J s£ r Sr a dealer who has to buy his stock from a manufacturer IT
! J^^^S^J or a j°bb er - It must prove this; or where could all . M 'fei - JjS-
yf^.\ r.-^S^^^^ra^ •' J%ii^%j& / this increased patronage come from? Every mother H i fNaJ
! $£§&¦¦.^^%fc2§^ -'J&tf&y' who saves a third in buying here is pleased, and she
If^iilJ^P '•&^/y'lioj If -' ou have not bought here you don't appreciate f^^^^§^^
;^ 'feirWi ' w^ iat our P" ces mean. We know you will come here some 0^^M^^^^0^^^M^
W^^^^^^-^'^^^ShS (^ ' k Ut ie sooner y° u come the sooner you pay less for your f ' . 0&T 1
j &JZrfW i^^Hilfi son's clothes, yet dress him as well as he ever dressed — and ll^^^BfeiN^^^^^^
I ''^^^^^^^M^ Take the suit pictured on the left. We sell this three- . f^^^^^ff^^^A
\ P icce suit for $ 5 - The materials are black cheviots and tweeds W^^^h'i'fi I *Wmtiffl
¦ £p*."!V Jji : -\ '•¦'fill in black and white effects and pretty brown mixtures. The M^^^^||^| '' Vft^Stf
; ,• >;: : ' :^Jgx% a & es are f rom 9 to 15 years. Compare these suits with what >lsPf-V '^ • V
I :: '{:' :^ : /^. : ---" : -"vj^^S you see elsewhere for a third more. That's the way to tell. v^sA ¦•'.-•'
; ' If your - son usuall >' wears sailors bu y him a suit here and -^^^M^wk^S^M '¦
I ' sce how h Iast him * Tt ' s your first P urchase that we are
i striving to get. After that you will come of your own accord. j^ffilSHB^ranB^-
j t i$£0':jj ip|if to 6 years. Each suit is prettily trimmed with neat rows of /.' •:')§$& '
j BS? T&Sk better advantage anywhere else, and you are sure to get just .$$§&&. s i||lpW
iP^vS.-. ZtetcMfrcmlife we have instalIed on our secon d floor. He will be given a ':--MsmJI$$& . ]H«I| :
%g£6t-£.V ""' ' " card, entitling him to one book at any time, and upon its re- jS§6K$&$^ : '. -
t&d»\J\J Out-of-town orders CTL % «* /^"^ iT\ W\ C* itf^V^V Outside customers tPt)e«)5
filled for any adver- \™J */i»* W W %^9 \ JP B JP 2%i) m In should write for our
\ tised goods. . Address v^^ / ¦' y v * . '^^V n 7^ ' W vJ^ 64-page Illostratcd cat-
I H ¦" ' v •••• 1 740 Market Street. y^' / . - •'-•••' : - -' • V
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Parlor Table lde Estfrnates a
Quarter sawed oak — piano finish. -.u oo r -f ,, i I ,,
brass claw feet with glass ball. 24- CneeriUIiyi j^^.^^. *»t.^»-.
Inch top; reeular $5.00— thia #n qc given. I DCdrOOIli Chair
?"**¦••¦• VAdJiZzlL: _| Warranted solid oak.
1. ¦ — .. — .^ - \ cane seat, 6 spindles In
A Small Deposit ou Any Article In til* back. 3 In front: regular
Store Will Hold It Until the Holidays. • * 135 value— this QCq
T. Brilliant Furniture Co.
"338-342 POST— Opposite Union Square
A.DVEBTISEMENTS.
j jj V Wvr 7 ¦-• ;. ' of '76 (when the Wi- Wi
; ¦ '<£j^. . j .f&^* ky B. Allen Ccu first M ;;;
" f^iW" / // : ' ' started in business) M&km.
,-% kve we ever had such a magnificent line I
j /^^^fe^f 2^ of pianos to show as right now, carloads
/ •¦ S'^§ of the finest products — costly Uprights and|
s.jw. g| Grands, Art and Exhibition styles—are now on |
'^MM display, adapted and intended for only choice buyers. I
(i 1 w Cr We feel there is nothing too good for the I
v I. *• "¦ ;\\ average Calif ornian, and we have therefore brought |
M^^lli *° mi the finest and best pianos that |
1 I J^'/^cV\ money can buy. We cordially invite you to call and
& J^£^*Srar see tncsc pianos ; and you can secure one without
W&\ ziMj&Gm much sacrifice on your part — our terms are so liberal J
VpgU-uJS^H ,.,, _ .nui
;;:;ONE*^PI<TcE'; 'PIANO riOUSC >-. 'll-l
1931- 933 MatKket St. 5soFre>ncisc6|
V?',^i>".,l""J. I. ¦" ."*';' ' ' * " ' ¦ " ""¦" l i {{ll'""' '' " Tl '"''¦¦¦ .•iiiiiiiiiiniSy
i JUDGE'S JIORSEMENT.
He Recommends Peruna for Coughs, Colds, Catarrh and
General Debility. ;
i . HON. W. H. SEBRING, |
§ Ex-Brigadier Genera!, Ex-County Judge of Levl County, I | g
& Florida §
«¦»•» ? » • • ««»»»»»»•«•• •»•»»»»•» >•»• »»«»»•»•»»»• » • • •
? Hon. W. H. Sebring, late Brigadier General of the Florida State Militia. 1
11 also Ex-County Judge of Levi County, Florida. This prominent gentleman »
1 In a letter from 133 West Fourth street, Jacksonville, Fla., writes: +
"I can cheerfully recommend your valuable remeay Peruna t
;; as a very excellent tonic, and also good for coughs, colds, \
; catarrh and general debility." — W. H. Sebring. \
»»•• •••••••••••••»••••••••••••••••••••••••••• • • • • • ±
DURING the month of November man of me and now my life looks very
one should carefully guard a&ainst different and I am glad to testify to the
kidney diseases. During the warm merits of Peruna. • I hope that some of
months the skin has been eliminating my friends who are afflicted will read
the poisonous materials from the sys- this and be cured." — Oscar L. Meister.
tem. Perspiration has formed a channel Catarrh of the pelvic organs, especial-
¦ i through which the sys- ly catarrh of the bladder, is also very
tVOVEMBER tem has been protected prevalent during the month of November.
HFttTH from urinary poisons. Charles H. Pohlman. Sergeant Co. D.
"„„'" But during November 21st U. S. Infantry. Philippine Islands,
NOTES. the cold weather stops writes from 495 Breckenridge street.
"¦"¦"¦ ¦""¦"¦™ l ~ perspiration. This Buffalo, N. Y.. as follows;
throws the burden of eliminating the "I was so miserable for two years
poisons wholly upon the kidneys. with kidney and bladder trouble that I
• More cases of Bright's disease of the lost all enjoyment of life. I was in pain
kidneys originate during the month of whether standing, walking or lying
November than all other months of the down, and sometimes everything would
year. It behooves everyone to be on grow black before my eyes and I would
their guard against kidney diseases.- become- dizzy. Headaches were of daily
The kidneys need a little stimulating occurrence. I had great difficulty In
encouragement. Obliged suddenly to passing water and the urine :vas cloudy,
perform the work of the skin besides I certainly had one foot In the grave
their own work the kidneys may fail. and never expected to get well again.
A teaspoonful of Peruna two or Peruna changed all this, however. I
three times a day during the beginning used it for nineteen weeks before I was
of cold weather insures a man against entirely cured, but I gradually improved
the kidney diseases incident to this while taking It so that I felt encouraged
weather. ' to continue its use. I am so grateful
There Is no fact in medical literature that I cannot express my thanks In
better established than the fact that a words. Peruna simply saved my life."
few doses of Peruna taken at the right — Charles H. Pohlman.
time prevents kidney diseases. If you do not derive prompt and satis-
Oscar L. Meister, 4833 Vincent Ave., factory results from the use of Peruna,
Minneapolis. Minn., writes: write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
"One year ago last January I suffered full statement of your case and he will
with kidney trouble and I was a phys- be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
ical wreck and my life looked very vice gratis.
gloomy for many weeks, but Peruna Address Dr. Hartman, President of
came to my relief and has made a new ' The Hartman Sanitarium. Columfcus. Q.Enters House by Window, but Is
Frightened Awuy Before He
Completes His Work.
A daring thief entered the apartments
of Miss Roslne Emery. Gough and Post
etreets, at a late hour last night and ran
sacked one of the rooms, securing JS5 in
coin and jewelry and other valuables
amounting to $55. He made his escape,
leaving no clew for the detectives to fol
low.
Miss Emery occupies the upper flat and
DABINQ THIEF SECTJBES
MONET Aim VALUABLES
He had evidently been frightened away,
for he left several bundles of expensive
clothes and several pieces of Jewelry, be
hind him. Patrolman McKevltt was sum
moned and he did all in his power to
trace the daring housebreaker, but with
out effect. The thief gained entrance- to
the house through a rear window.
downstairs she conducts a dancing school.
There was a large crowd' at the school
last night and the living apartments were
vacated. The thief probably watched the
house, and seeing that no one "was up
stairs, entered unnoticed and ransacked
the rooms. v
Nov. 21.— Disturbances
occurred at the university to-day,* In the
course of which a bomb was thrown. ; A
panic was caused, but little damage was
done. The rector of the university; ap
pealed to the civil government to main*
tain ordenVMBwanin ¦'-:.'¦
Bomb Causes a Panic.
BERNE, Switzerland, Nov. 21.— The
Berne-Lausanne express, was ; wrecked
near. Lauzanne this afternoon by com
ing Into collision with a shifting en
gine. '". Five: persons were killed and
many others were injured. ¦
Five Killed in Train Wreck.
' Nov. 21.— General Andrade,
(former president of Venezuela, who took
ipart ln the recent revolution against the
'Government,', has arrived' here, ¦ having
been authorized; to return to Venezuela
;by President Castro* : ' ;
Castro Pardons Andrade.
MARSEILLES,: Nov. 21. — The expul
sion of the fathers from the Oblate Con
vent of Calvaire was achieved to-day by
the police In spite of strong, resistance
on the part of the' fathers. | The police
were compelled to demolish the doors of
the convent, enter the chapel and sanc
tuary and then to break down barriers
.which had been erected before the cells
and drag out the occupants.
Police Bald a Convent.
THE • HAGUE, '¦ Nov. 21^-In ? the Sec
ond Chamber ofthe States General to
day ! Foreign Minister :- Van jXlnden' an
nounced that the 'draft of a" general' Ar
bitration treaty had been communicated
to France. The Minister was 'unable to
say, however, '.what,- was V" the -present
state of ; the \ negqtlatlohs,\nor. could I he
make any statement ; regarding similar
negotiations v which : had t been .opened
with i other countries on the initiative Qf
the Netherlaritf- - • -¦" ¦¦•
Arbitration Treaty Proposed.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21.— The . Navy
Department is informed that Lleutenc.
ant G. P. Stone of the navy, attached
to the monitor Wyoming on the Pacific
station, was convicted by court-martial
of drunkenness on duty .and sentenced
to lose ten . numbers in his [ grade | and
to be publicly reprimanded by the Sec
retary of the Navy.
Rear ' Admiral Glass, ln reviewing
the proceedings, said that he. did not
consider the sentence ; awarded ade
quate to the , offense committed by
Lieutenant Stone, but approved • the
sentence "in ; order that the ' officer
might not < entirely escape punishment
for his very serious offense." ; ,
The Secretary. of the Navy has or
dered the publication of : the . proceed
ings, findings and sentence in this case,
together with \ the remarks ot Admiral
Glass, as a compliance with i that : por
tion of the sentence calling for a rep
rimand.
Lieutenant Stone Repri
manded for Drunk-. ;.
6nness. '¦:.'¦'.%-¦'.
NAVAL OFFICER
EARNS CENSURE
his command to throw up hands, it
slipped 'from his face and Crews, like
Mayfield, got a good look at him.
"Throw up your hands and be quick,"
shouted the boy in an excited tone of
voice. Seeing that his man did not com
ply readily, he repeated the word
"quick" many times and came nearer
and nearer with the revolver. His hand
commenced to tremble like a leaf and
the first wbrd Crews spoke to him was
a word of 'caution that the weapon
might go off. Then, when he called
on the conductor to "cough up," the
latter laughed and started for the
dummy. He called to the gripman,
James McElwaln', "Jim, there Is a fel
low out here trying to rob me. Stop
the car."
McEIwain, thinking that Crews was
joking with him, turned and asked him
if he had the nightmare. Crews then
pointed to the rear platform, and'pas
sengers and carmen beheld the robber
standing there, speaking words that
could not be distinctly heard, but
with the grin leveled at the conductor.
As 'McElwaln. released the grip and
threw on the breaks the bandit Jumped
friith the car and started to run across
a vacant lot.
In telling of his experience, Crews
said that he had been a soldier and
had seen too many guns to yield up -to
a "kid," as he termed the highwayman.
He has been ln the employ of the road
for about fifteen years and Is regarded
as one of its most careful and trust
worthy employes. He carried about
$15 in his pocket at the time of the
"affair. Si^'il'vifi. •
DESCRIBE BOBBEB.
Both conductors agree upon the de
scription of the boy. They say he is a
little over five feet five Inches in height,
about 18 years of age and has a brown
complexion. His face Is beardless and
his mouth droops at the corners. He
wore a dark suit of clothing and a
black soft hat. The color of his eyes
neither noted, but they could recognize
him If they ever saw him again.
The detectives are confident of a cap.
ture. They regard the bandit as a no
vice and believe that he •will attempt
work of this or some other sort soon
again. That he Is a coward and afraid
to shoot is evinced in the last hold-up.
This "will probably lead to an easy cap
ture should he ever j be confronted by
another man ¦who possesses the game
ness of Conductor Crews. .',0
Whether the bandit of last night Is
the one who held up the Hayes street
car at Its Stanyan street terminal a
few nights ago is hard to tell, but In
many particulars the descriptions
agree, although the crew of the last
mentioned car did not have an oppor
tunity to view the bandit's face. The
police of the Golden Gate Park Sta
tion began a comprehensive search Im
mediately after last night's robberies,
•with orders to pick up all suspicious
characters. The police have a theory
that there might be two robbers oper
ating together, though both conduc
tors saw but one.
SHINGLE PRICES
SOON MAY SOAR
Manufacturers in Wash
ington Talk of a
Combine.
WHATCOM, Wash., Nov. 21. — The
shingle manufacturers of Whatcom
County, which produces over 25 per
cent of the shingle output of the United
States % held a meeting hero to-day to
consider a proposition from the State
Bhinglemen's Association to form a
combination of all the mills in the
State.
Washington State produces over 50
per cent of the total output of the
country, and advices from Eastern
dealers are to the effect that such a
combination in six weeks would- raise
the price of shingles 25- per cent all over
the United States. ; >.
Although the local mills askad until
Monday to give a final answer, it was
practically settled to-day that they will
enter the combination..
FORESTERS ENJOY DANCING
IN NATIVE SONS' HALL
Court Seal Rock No. 43 of tha Foresters
of America gave a ball ln Native Sons'
Hall last night and the attendance of
members and ladles filled tha dancing:
floor to Its limit. The decorations wera
of the patriotic order and war© greatly
admired. .
Between dances Editor J. Label of tha
American Forester Review presented on
behalf of the court a case of silver table
ware, consisting of knives, forks and
spoons, to Charles S. Johnstone, part
chief ranger, for his untiring efforts for
the advancement of the court. The dance
programme was mads uj> of twelve num
bers and two extras. During Intermission
ice cream and lemonate wera served to
all. "§£83 " "¦ '"'¦'
The affair, ona of tha most elaborate
social functions given by a court of For
esters this season, was under the man
agement of the following committees:
Arrangements— Dr. Charles M. Tropp
mann (chairman), Gustave P. Anderson.
Henry Lange, Ed Coffaney. Otto John
son, Joseph Gallagher. August Bieden
bach and K. W. Jakobs.
Reception— Charles S. Johnstone. H.Mur
ray, J. J. Murphy. F. H. Garnle.. H. J.
Willis, Frank Dunn, George A. O'Brien,
H. T. Renlck.
Floor manager— Otto Johnson. Assist
ant floor manager— J. J. Sullivan. Floqr
committee— Walter Talsen. William - Ctm
¦way. J. Cusanovich, Fred -Biedenbach.
Louis A. Mayer, R. McAvoy, John TJal
deen and J. Petrle.
Berkeley Professor Honored.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21. — The Asso
ciation of Official Agricultural Chem
ists to-day elected Dr. M. E. Jaff of
Berkeley, CaL, president.
The Geary-street car was outbound
and Conductor Crewswwas standing Just
Inside the -rear door; when the bandit
J umped * aboard. 1 7 As ; in the case'of * the
first hold-up, there were no passengers
on* the inside of the vehicle," but Jthree-^
two men and a lady— Occupied seats on
the dummy.". Crews did not see the boy
get on the car. v. The first he was aware
of ! his presence was .when ¦• he , received
a poke in the back ; and* turning, ; faced
a ; < revolver. K The ; holder/ of i the\weapon
wore i the ¦black muffler,* but as he^gave
The robbery process consumed sever
al minutes and the car traveled from
Fifth avenue pas^ First avenue while
it lasted. .All this time the gripman
and the five passengers on front were
unconscloua of what was transpiring in
the rear, there being no signals for
stops.
All were surprised when the conduc
tor, in an excited condition,' rushed for
ward and told them of what had hap
pened. He said that about ,|20 In cash
had been taken and as soon as the car
house was reached the police were com
municated with.
Captain of Detectives • Martin detail
ed Detectives Tom Gibson ind Harry
Bralg on the' case and they Interviewed
the conductor and searched the neigh
borhood. While they were engaged* in
this investigation, , news of ' the second
holdup reached them. The robber had
crossed from ' Fifth"; avenue back to
Fifth and boarded Geary-street car No.
S52 1 hear the French Hospital. ',
LAUGHS AT BOBBER.
PASSENGERS STJBPBISEIX
"I want you to stand on this plat
form until I am at least 100 yards
away," he said. "If you make a move
toward the .inside of the car or touch
that bellcord I will shoot you dead. Be
good and you will be all right." Then
the youth slipped # /to_ the ground and
Conductor, May hew saw him standing,
still with the revolver in his hand, near
the pavement until the darkness came
between. ' ' -
INSISTS ON GETTING GOLD.
The bandit took the' money with his
left hand and held the revolver on the
conductor with his • right. He leaned
against the rear of the car to balance
himself and seemed, perfectly calm.
Finally Mayfield emptied his pockets
and told the robber so. The latter ap
parently \ did not believe him, for he
shoved the gun within an inch of the
conductor's face and demanded all the
gold he had. Mayfleld replied that he
haTno gold, but the man of the road
was insistent. At length he was made
to believe, and still holding the gun,
gave Instructions regarding the man
ner of his escape. -* : \ v
In each case the mask worn by the
robber slipped from his face, revealing
his features and making his capture
and identification almost certain. Ac
cording to both conductors he is not
more than 18 years of age.
It. was shortly after 10 o'clock when
car 251 of the McAllister line approach
ed Fifth avenue and Fulton street on
its "trip downtown. There was no. pas
sengers inside the ; car, although five
occupied seats on the dummy. Con
ductor Mayfleld was standing- on- the
rear platform and noticed the boy
swing on, grasping the railing with his
left hand. As he did "so he stumbled
and the conductor "reached forward to
assist him. "When the boy had regain
ed his footing he quickly raised a re
volver that he he^d in his right hand
and placed It near the" railroad, man's
face, at the same time.saylhg, "Dig up
and don't touch that bell cord."
Conductor Mayfield was startled by
the appearance of the robber. The lat
ter's face, was masked, a black. mufller
concealing it below the eyes. He seem
ed determined for, at . the railroad
man's hesitation, he again uttered the
command. .. .' .
"Don't be in a-hujry," said Mayfleld,
'Twill get it for you all right." Then
Mayfleld "dug" down into his pockets
and drew out all the money he had.
The robber watched the operation with
Interest and pocketed coin after coin as
fast as it was handed to him. While
so doing his mask slipped down, re
vealing his entire face. He replaced
the mask with an oath, but the con
ductor had noted his features and was
able to describe them to the police. .
A mere boy, in the guise of a bandi*.
held up two street cars in the neigh
borhood of Golden Gate Park last
night Armed with a big revolver and
with his face obscured' by a mask, he
first leveled his revolver upon Conduc
tor Arlington R. Mayfleld of car 251 of
the McAllister street line while the car
was in motion and there were five pas
sengers on the dummy. As a reward
for his daring he secured about $20,
and, leaping to the ground, disappeared
in the darkness.
Encouraged by his success as a
knight of the road, the boy bandit .was
soon • heard of again. This time he
poked Conductor James Crews of Geary
street car No. 352 in the ribs with his
revolver and demanded what coin the
carman had in his possession. Crews
showed remarkable courage. Instead
of complying with the request to throw
up his hands he laughed in the muzzle
of the ugly-looking weapon and started
toward the dummy to call the assist
ance of the gripman and three passen
gers. For a time the young bandit fal
tered on the car, his revolver still
pointed at the conductor and his hand
shaking like a leaf. Then he took to
his heels and started across a vacant
lot.
Pare Collector Calmly Turns His
Back on Man Behind the Gun,
* Ignoring His Com
mand.
Raia on Geary Line Nets
Youthful Highwayman
Nothing
McAllister Conductor
Parts With Twenty
Dollars.
BOY BANDIT
HOLDS UP TWO
STREET CARS
THE SAK FK AN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, HOYEMBER 22; 1903.
24
NEW ADVEBTISEMENT3.
ifOT HEREDITAET.
Baldness Due to a living 1 Minute
Germ. .
) Many people,' even unto the present day
of grace, ¦, consider due to he-
reditary influence.- ; ¦'¦".'.
Nothing is further from the truth —
Baldness is caused by • the onslaught of
a minute organism which secretes Itself
beneath the, scalp and attacks the, roots
of the *hair— causing it" to "lose :its life
and fall out.:"' ; •:">'..
ri.Thia organism cannot be got rid of ex-
cept by, the i free and persevering , use of
Newbro's Herpicide. "' - -¦¦; "-v ;
"-No matter how; badly the scalp is. af-
fected . Dandruff : surely " disappears
and hair health is restored when' Herpi-
cide is applied. > ', *:. '• . : ¦- - J'
I-. _!'DeBtroy the cause . you *; remove - the
effect." > Sold, byUeading druggists.. Send
1 Oc in i stamps ' for. sample to The ! Herpi-
cide Co.. Detroit. Mich. . . . , ( •
ADVZBTISEldjENTS. ' .. *" ' '' . ' ' ' "
8 GREAT LEADERS AT GREAT REDUCTIONS, FOR MONDAY AND TUESDAY.
rSTiUR scperb regular stock constitutes tfes sale. We are not offering special purchase-not presenting broken lines. There is nothing
I ;^| r in this assortment we are particularly anxious to close out. Our signal purpose in havingIthis_Special Sale is to attract you to the de-
interest yo^in our values-to prove to you our ability to announce Savings of a most unusual character. It is simply a
telling of regular goods at irregular prices. THESE ARE THE ITEMS:
| COLORED DRESS GOODS. 1 1| BLACK DRESS GOODS^ :*:
MW b The Regular SI 50 Quality Engiish Broadcloth at 01 19 The Regular $l.50Quaiity Silk finished Voile Etamine at O ,Q5
U^^l^r tfA W. W« mi a flne ,5^. blacK. an Ideal cloth for long coat, or fine uUlor suit, regular $ 2.^^
Zon*ct ehs-dlngy. insular ?2.W value, for gjl.35 yard \aluea. for •
A Saving Sale on Good Black Silks. TREMENDOUS FRENCH FLANNEL SALE.
We have again arranged a three-day sale of good Black Silk at say- / .) 200 Pieces 60c Flannels iOV
;«,t r,r,V/.« The OUALITY is what you want to consider first— price Tha most phenomenal Flannel Sale will be held here beginning <n* /» p
Sfy'be litJcifv? but if .bequalit/'s poor you've mad. a bad W g*™. 35^
chase. Our sales of Black Silks are based on the quality. If they don t t plaln Fren ch Flannels at one-third less than ... regular selling T»rd
Jla.r as we say the fault is at once rectified— that insures you absolute prices. These are the Identical qualities that are sold on every retail counter
-wear as we say, me i*u rarefnilv at 60c a yard— warranted all wool, extra heavy; In colors of green, black,
safety m. buying your Black bilks trom us. Kead caretullj. pink, light blue. rose. tan. gray, cardinal, lavender, brown and navy; on sale
' E11DK TAFFETA'. BUCK PEAU DE SOIE. « • • Yard 3oc
«t«rfi sennet. trtt*ant.ed Taffeta; 21-lnch P«au de Sole, Bingle-fftcedi EidCrdOWH Flannels at SCOtCh TCHHiS FlaHHClS,
r«7si*5 lor : 87o yard worth 85c. for ...65c yard German Eiderdown flannels, |R r VA A new shipment on Bale to- OKq VA
e8-i4xh inxaranteed Taffeta; worth 21-lach Pean.d* Sole, double-faced; extra heavy quality. In the lO^ 1U. morrow. These are the regxi- , **** ~ * "*
ftlis f «_ aM * Ille 95c yard worth $1.50, for -. .95c yard prettiest colors and designs, the kind so suit- lar 45c Qualities In tfae neatest strloea i and
38%^ SwuteeA Taffeta: worth 38-lnch Peau de Sole; douWe-f aced ; able for wrapper* klmonas and waists, ex- best 'colorings; .llrtt and dark. Splendid
f<»^tV7 . • • • • • • • - • »^- 32 y^ $1.75. for 81.35 yard cellent value at 15e yard. value at quo yard.: ¦
Corduroy and Velvet Specials. 1 '( Sale of 85c and $1.00 Oxford .Gheviots for I
An °» 6 '">"^ ! °< t m sek -' 11 °t t pie " s c n c
storts did Again for to-morrow: this season's choicest styles Mtrcenzed Cheviots.- Tluy are h U \~>
SHk-Finished Corduroys Novdty Velvets for v **&«*
Over 25 pieces on sale7C«VH A large variety of fancy 7K P Y>1 «iuu"u»-t" , , , t , • , v
to morrow Apand qual- ' oc * a » Velvets; the ones so popu- '"^ * «• dotted effects; absolutely fast colors; on special sy,*e; your
itv Corduroy In the leading plain col- lar right now for Waists; most.beau- !,-,:„ ' 59c Yard
ors; actual value SLOP, for 75c yd. tlful designs; on sale at 75o yd. J \ choice **•**- ' aru J
n One of the Greatest Silk Waist SaleJ|
600 Sample Silk Waists, Worth From $6 to $10, for j
We offer to-morrow what we consider the greatest values in Waists we have ad- ¦ . jdW jj&£& I
s \\ vcrtised In nuny a day. They are samples— and they will be sold at prices that in no jd&M £$%*%& ' B
'/^l wa >' be? P eak their worth. The assortment is broad and exhaustive— all the new Fall vJ» J^& |
£V styles are.represented-made up jaunty and stylish. Waists of CREPE DE CHINE, ''jSm^^M^^ 1
*^^ - PEAU DE SOIE, PEAU DE CYGNEand INDIAN SILKS; many of them are elabor- |
ately trimmed and embroidered. They come in all the correct colors— White, Pink, Light -
Blue, Cardinal and Black. Waists which, are absolutely worth up to $10.00,. at" the astonishingly low price. ?4.G5 Each J
o I iL n |,; nft nn A OFFiiRiNG of tJ0&~ Grand Values in
Oampie MdPKinS anU WINTER UNDERWEAR FOR WOMEN AND Wm$ loHlfio' Dlnnl/ DnHJnnntn
cin-.cThori Tohin pintho children. Hag! Laoies BiacK retiicoats
fo^Ss^nT-wh^^^^to 1^ &££&s£a Sff^S&«-.pSSjtf^ tfflm ir ? rep *»' «^^^F
for Thanksplv Jnp — w n*"n 3 ou warn 10 re utieen others— equally as rood. Bift^ VcJk V* ticoats. Three Strong- Leaders. Values
« SU'&Ssr^^ " '" udies; ¦ joe^BuajjaEjiflaFoii -sitm. :j. mM, «. " m = wlle ""' °' "»
S3mplB Table ClOthS. uack.Ju^^^ 95 C For Women's $1.25 Petticoats,
The most reliable -wearing qualities ln MMm cnVnnnv niouurnc unct ODAlBCfnrCI OH VWW& «\. E«> Made of Black .Sateen, fln-
cholcest patterns— they were secured un- LADIES OUC BLACK CASHMcRE HOSE, d PAIRS I0F 5t>l«Ut> - • C # : T*^ lshed Jf ith dee P flounce and tucked ruffle;
der regular prices, and so can you pur- w &6zen were Jast Monday: ther« are 30 dozen left to be "/jflS. extras-lath and length. , , ..
chase them to-morrow. closed out to-morrow. .They; are regular 50c Hose,, all wool, fin© "J/tSfeida' 1 a, . n ' r ,,,. • An nn n in i
Sizes— 2x2. 2x2%. 2x3. grade, verr elastic; sizes 8to 10. On eale Me pair. <m& QI.50 FOF. W0m8n S 52.00 PettlCOatS.
J2.50 Cloths 53.00 Cloths $3.50 Cloths LADIES' UNDERWEAR, 50c Each. LADIES' VESTS and PANTS, v $l Ea VI EMh O f the best Black Sateen;
for $1.85 Ea. for $2.45 Ea. for $355 Ea. Vestg ana pantg ln eVeam gray and Norfolk and New Eruns-nrlclc underwear, made with two accordion pleated ruffles;
— .. '¦'•"' Pink, good winter weight. ' nicely finished Swiss ribbed, warranted not to, BhriHk in others with deep flounce; nicely trimmed.
TahlP NanlltfiQ drawers, full length, all sizes, splendid white and- gray., sold elsewhere at $1.25; • ,.
I ami/ iia|Jl\lii3* value at ooc each. on eaie here $i.oo. , CI'Q^'Fnr Wnmon'<5 t9 Rfl Ppttlrnatc
75 dozen full size Dinner Napkins. CMILDREN'S UNDERWEAR. 25c Each LADIES" TIGHTS, 50c Each. t 3>rS?-'In- nlafn blad! 1 Sll'f
warVaited pure linen: ln a /K fi Ag Vests, rant, and drawers-Jeraey rib- Equestrian tights la white and black, -^^g. ¦ S* a £ with a tucked flounce-
x-iriptv of r<rfttir«=td'--sietis- *«*. ¦ bed in white and rray the proper fall Unec or ankle length, form fittins par- mniei lai, mane wiin a lUCKeci Iiounce,
stll in the regular way at 9l #C7J r!icely finished Varments, sizes IS ments; regular value 70c; on fala at r.Oc full width and length; actual value. $2.50
$2.50 a doren; sale price.. i P«ien to 34; special 25c each. each. . eactl - . ¦
[ White Blankets Worth S5.50 for | f „ ™» L ' Nilv 2 S^ CIA^-, ' II Sale Of Neckwear.: I
We make this special offer be- &4T% QQ I5C quality NCW NCar UlaSS Lining, There awaits .you to-morrow two wonderful
cause some of them have -become Hk f«Oa To Introduce It more fully we will sell -| -9 p, u nes of new neckwear- that we know will cause
slightly soiled from display pur- \J>^JP Fanh u to-morrow at lie yard; a splendid |U the liveliest sort of selling:
p Oses — they will therefore be closed T •-««*" drop skirt lining, with a high mercerized i I j , .
to-morrow "below the mill price. Full 11-4 size finish; 36 inches wfde; in all colors and *"" ¦JO " LADIES* NECKWEAR at 31c. Parh
White California Blankets; extra heavy; with black; a grand 15c Lining; on sale Monday ..... -.•¦ "rf "JJ-« -¦JJJmJ b . Neekw?ar Lavllv a Sh
pretty bordbrs; 35 pairs of regular $5£C ¦Btantag. Yard lie .,2?,* X-'SSSt i^f^i^SliSSt'S^
*"¦¦- 1" V •*;• h" "c^Q^h SILK-FINISHED MOREEN at ciai-at .;;..... '.Sen 35c
A SALE OF | COWTBY ORDERS RECEIVE PHOHPT ATTENTION. "H A I D »3 C 3 W?l I Slt^ fit
UhUe ' Cream KCni: J^^^W&&B^9^fW941fm ™JZ> fo°o r n^rfpacTwaists in
fs. 4 -.m. a i —si • a«\ am i> ¦ ti'l^Si 'VTvlWUniti ... • /? ' • - ' ,iiM»-*^ \Vnlte and Black; sizes 32 to 44; aro
Ql fin \IRfi Jinn \9 (lfl Yam »V VJ. Ura^Sfl^**^ rt , lcely P loatod and trimmed; havo largo
OliUU; OliJU (lliU OciUU IQIUi sleeves— flne littlnp Waists, worth $4.00,
Worth from $1.60 to $2.50 yard. S- . mWT . anumiui - for Each S^.50
\^ ADVEETISEMEHTS. " " •
[¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦^¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦bhb
* wr»
KSws^"s^^^^^'*^'^y^Wq^53^^ J |^_ | /!^^^^°syi^J. Jtrm !l'-rW~^tr&£— y /^^ jL jjj^Tj'tsr^ ••>• ¦ ¦ m Mil
K*^9^wViltt f^WJ^^^TffywB^^yyi^^^t^Pry*. 1^^*^** and rooming Iioubq ul
. IniE ofier. .- - •
Pioneer Gas Radiator; the heater that vrlil heat your mr'\w wiiw^siiii rtfc a
room ln less than three minutes, measuring 20 lnche* high. / a^^ J *^~P~ =: f s '"^ S
18 inches *-ide. Finished ln trenze or aluminum; four f T! BlirTIR! 1 H
tubes. Jeweled front. Ue&ter, Including the best 8 ft. rub- f C 1 1 II 1 ! II' E2
ber hose. f2AO; reculw prtce ti.ZO. U| |l j |I pj
Our Christmas novelUes ln the furniture line are r.ow > t BE \ lift B
Bhown ln our mammoth store. We cordially Invite you to a Hi MB V I JDr ea
Sa £ tS2! s Ielccted now W1U * ke^ . Ill 111 a: jl a
1320-1328 Stockton St. ffijug "
We furnits. Bouse* Cbmplete.' All Cars Lead to Our Store. j^V'^**' ' ' * I.?, * ' '¦^¦^T !
Country Orders Solicited. flr ' "7\9 •¦¦'' g
ADVEBTISEUENTS.*
THE DOCTORS WHO CURE
SAN FRANCISCO'S LEADING PHYSICIANS and EXPERT SPECIALISTS (
d^m^ WE TREAT AND CURE
#%^^Sf Et* CATABRH. No«e and Throat Troubles. Nervous Diseases. Kidney
ffiEgfcJSgB -^[ and Liver Dlseaaes, Bladder Trouble*. H«art Disease. Disease* of
'Bffil5£S&EP the Stomach and Bo^tls. Piles. FlstuU *nd Rectal Dlsea***. F«m*:«
hlMr~V& J0&Y Complaints. Chronic Diseases of Women and Children. Rickets. Spfn.
»£5fy Nil \ al Trouble*. Skin Dtseasea, Deafness Asthma. Bronchial and Lunj
«S\«« • 44 1 Troubles. Kheuniatljm. Hay Fever. Netiraigla. HystarU. Elf DU-
< 3. r*r easea. Goltr* or Bl« Keck. Varicoccl*. L«st Manhood, eto. : Blood
>J » ". ' j| j ' Dlf*aj§e». Private Diseases, Scrofula and ail forma of Msrvoua aad
\ ; " fil Chrcnlc Disease* (th at are curable).
A^**^}C!^r I OUB MOTTO: A low fes.9 /~£^g5i^V
¦ >ra^_ yV janick cnx«, mill and painlosi A^aS^^^H
8^^^S^V^??^S 1 Con»ult«Uoa la persoa ox 0*.
tr. A. j. Share* f* q f\ t^y^ar^
HOME CURES BY MAIL *\X ¦
Do not de«i?atr because yoa live at a dlsunce from the city Vrn. Nfc^9
Bhores' new system of HOME TREATMENT makes It easy to ret
expert advice and treatment at home. Their new syrnntom blank Ja^j^S'X^i
covers every symptom of disease which enables them to dlairaosa /Tfc/ffl%y
your case and tell you what your troublo U. what can b* dona for JtJwSSS^jTX^y '
you, and what the cost of' a cure, will be. WRITE K you cannot <Jm*ZZ£gffift*SQr '
call for their new symptom list and take advantage of th« ?REB
EXAMINATION. Whether you tak» treatment or not, th« ad- i
vie* costs you inimiiH iillslWt'lBJ Lg Dr. 0. W Siar«
WEAK MEN PAY WHEN CURED
If ran suffer from any of tha weaknesses We cur» you first and then ask a RfiA-
or diseases caused by ignorance, ezceaa or SO.NABLE FEE when you are cured. Ton '
contagion TOU ARE THE VERT PERSON - **o depend upon our word- thousand* of
WE WANT TO TALK TO. patients have Indorsed us" NOW WB
W« have proven cur skin ln aartes; WANT TO CURE TOU with th» distinct
CHRONIC dlseaaea by publishing the many undemanding that •»• wtU not demand a
voluntary testimonials from hom» people. FEE until we cur* you. This applies to
giving names, pictures and addresses. Lost Manhood. ' Seminal Weakness. Sper-
. WcXan't Publish Our Cures In &»£
Private Diseases. rhoea. CUet. Stricture, •f.l Co'ntaglotta
Because It would betray convene* H«c SS* "" of
T* T "i.° pro .\ e WJr tkul ln tl* 1 " C>»a« o« OFFICE HOUR3: 0 a. ra to 4 -SO n. m.-
trouble, ln another way. This U our plan. Ertnlng. «:30 to 8: Sundky?*10 aT'i to^.*
Drs. Shores a Shorev Expert Specialists; 933 Saa M^l[n C iiS^.i
ADVEBTISEMEKTS;
Costumes )I??2r ¦
and Jackets
dering a Costume, Suit, )K^Si*'^^»
quaiity garments and jfiS*fe^By
never find price* a stum- JrH^iSBSxB
bling block. -^I?3ib$t233$$&
10281030 MARKET STREET SAN ERANC/SCaHis "Life of Gladstone" is having a
great and deserved success. It prom
tees to become a classic among political
biographies. When asked on finishing
this colossal labor if he did not feel re
lieved, Mr. Morley replied:
"Yes. I am very thankful— and very
lonely."
Mr. Morley has Just removed to a
new house ln Wimbledon, Surrey,
having received 550,000 for his Glad
stone biography.
LONDON, Nov. 21.— John Morley has
accepted an invitation to visit Andrew
Carnegie at Plttsburg next fall, accord-
Ing to Clement Shorter ln the Sphere,
and deliver the opening address at
-the Technical College. The eminent au
thor and statesman was ln America a
good many years ago.
Merley to Visit America.
BERLIN, Nov. 2L— Hermann Suder
man starts soon on a Journey around
the world, going by the Siberian Rail
road. The tour is for his health; but
he will visit Japan to look for new
subject*.
+ h
Eudenuan to Circle the Globe.
CHICAGO, Nov. 2L— The use of Fln
een raye for the cure of consumption
is claimed to have worked three cures
that are pronounced permanent and
experiments are said to show the ben
eficial effects of the treatment. Dr.
Mary E. Jackson of Hammond, Ind.,
Is testing: the rays ln cases of tubercu
losis and is said to have ended the dis
ease in three patients.
futsem' rays work
WONDEB>FUIi CURBS
RIO JANEIRO, Nov. 21.— By the
treaty settling the Acre dispute, which
was signed yesterday, Brazil retains
the Acre territory as far as the elev
enth degTee of latitude in return for
the payment to Bolivia of 510,000,000,
the building of a railroad to Bolivia
and the cession to Bolivia of 2000
EQuare kilometers of territory.
In the treaty Brazil obtains about
1C0.OOO square kilometers in the upper
Purus and upper Jurua districts so far
as the eleventh degree of latitude
south, while Bolivia gets 3000 square
kilometers on the frontier of Matto
Grosso and the river Madera, besides
the $10,000,000, which is payable in in
stallments, and commercial facilities.
Brazil Must Pay Ten Millions, Build
a Bailroad and Cede Lands to
Bolivia.
SETTLEMENT OF ACHE
DISPUTE IS COSTLY
Ex-Mayor Perry heard of the war
rant issued against him and wandered
into police headquarters and gave him
self up. State Senator Burns and ex-
Alderman Kinney came in next. They
were in the custody of officers.
Aldermen Jacob Mot. Charles John
sen, Ryner Stonehouse. John McLach
lsn. Jacob Ellen. Peter Depagter and
Abraham Ghysels. it is charged, re
ceived $250.
for. Prosecutor Ward went to work at
once uoon the leverage offered by the
incomplete statement and secured
enough additional evidence so that
Palsbury was summoned again last
right for a conference. The result, the
prosecutor says, was a. statement which
is regarded as complete.
It has developed that Salsbury's first
confession, made last week, was not so
complete as the prosecution had hoped
Following are those Indicted: Former
Mayor George R. Perry. State Senator
David Burns, Corey P. Blssell, former
member of the Board of Public Works,
and the following ex-Aldermen, who
•were In office when the attempt was
made to put the water deal through:
James McColl, Peter. Depagter, Jacob
Ellen. M. Kinney. John T. Donovan,
Jacob Mot, Abraham Ghysels. Charles
Johnson. Ryner Stonehoase, Daniel Lo
zier. John McLachlan. Clark Elocum.
John Muir and Adrian Shriver. The
amounts the respondents are charged
with having received out of the alleged
boodle fund range from 5200 to $3333.
The revelations of the morning in the
service of the warrants show that the
Common Council was controlled during
the attempt to put through the water
scheme with the fourteen votes, which
included both Democrats and Republi
cans. The Aldermen are charged v.ith
having received J300 to J500 each. Mayor
Perry's share, it is charged in the war
rant, was $3333. and Bissell is charged
•with receiving $500. while Senator
Burns is alleged to have received $200
for his support.
GRAJCD RAPIDS. Mich.. Nov. 2L—
"Warrants were issued to-day for sev
enteen former city officials charging
them ¦with accepting a bribe in connec
tion with the famous Gannan-Cameron
scheme for supplying the city with
water from Lake Michigan. All of the
warrants are the result of the confes
sion made by former City Attorney
Salsbury on his return last week from
serving a two years' term in the De
troit House of Correction for breaking
the Federal banking law in connection
with the scheme. While in prison Sals
bury's conviction on a bribery charge
in the State courts in connection with
the same matter was affirmed by the
Supreme Court of the United States,
and with the prospect of being returned
to prison Salsbury went to the prose
cutor's office and made a lengthy con
fession, which resulted in to-day's is
suance of warrants.
Former Mayor Among Those
Accused of Corruption
in Water DeaL
Seventeen Officials Ar
rested on /Bribery
Charge.
PROBING GRAND
RAPIDS SCANDAL
THE SAN FKAjSCISCO CALL, SUNDAY,. NOVEMBER 22, • 1903.
25
Smallest Living Sale of. Scarfs $*» Francisco's big rainy-day store. Everything un- Sample Squares Sale This Week
People on Earth NlondayOniy der one roof . Cars from all parts^of the city stop at the Taaestries Velours Sheet Music
-. _ «--.-« -^.. „„ WM _ main entrance. Immense awning to the curbstone. Cafe ***§****>*r** s * f * wcauur ** _ . 1
t ft Exh f b ' tiO " i 85c Uncn *"»*¦ Bu^" v Scarb u - and all conveniences for an all-day shopping expedition. Monday Only, 23c . pleces * Wfe*? mn "
Ju«n and Martina De la Crux, the mar- An extra good quality, all hemstitched rr :7f->- < * » lc J hat we retail regularly «t 15c
rrlous Philippine midgets, 27 inches and 2 9 w j th drawn work . borders and aU «*^j& -<* m^' ' - ' ' A drummer's Sample line each, btginnbg Monday and during
0 '''*fb \//? JV V „ # of the new Tapestries and -«' -«>• w** hm ¦
derartmtnt. second floor, free Of Charge. scarfs 18x54 inches, the square 32 inches: a SsSS!^ Jtf /¥ £1 J& / M /f&bdf* / &~/ bLSmsm&Sfif B & tor cushion tops and backs, beautiful Good-Night. Beloved.
, «r .... v^J?^ £m A3 tSbp^ i» *7 B?>yfi/' XSr wrwr^frjtfjf CT . . Pollywoj March and Twosteo
J?>'t***,*1n'uthifHfifih from l"ge number of very pretty dss-gns in ths col- S8^ *^ B mw » material! that cut from regular DICCCJ Iolanthe Intermezzo.
nuery aay uns iveeK,jrufrt. , ection On to _ morrow "CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST- /r ....i.nwiniiii' ""^ .j u u * j l The way of m. crw
10 to 12 in the morning and only, each 2<$Q " ' w worth 3SC and 4 ° c cach;
2 to 5 afternoons. ' .. Main Aisle. -S=S^^^g2B**— AMERICA'S GRANDEST,STORE, special, to-morrow only . . 23C Second Floor. '
Suits and Costumes $1.25 to $2.©O Dress Goods 69c Yard $1.25 Underwear 73c
Leadership We have just closed out two lots of high grade dress goods, one from a foreign Hosiery? etCm
<^«8^f Manv Dew clever ideas find importer, the other from a domestic manufacturer, dress goods that are retailing . . .
%*J their way into these popular regularly to-day in all large cities in the country at $1.25, $150, $1.75 and $2.00 n^f!r\^ I™ *«' r WJfl
V^vJ ttnrV* i'ltr Pnrrmnu .. ' . -. i it 1 ,i . . . , ¦> -r j < -x - *-* HOW UDOH US, WC OlTer WC M? I
/<^fV d^in^bl: JrZll tne y^d, and we shall place them on sale Monday, and Tuesday also if qq thLs most o^ portU n e special in jjV*5> /
/[ \\\\l l\\ products to our re P rcscntativ " quantity lasts, at, yard..... ¦...**•*•* women's jersey ribbed.'full // V>W \
ill \ \\l |V\ first » becauscthc . v know wh « c • The assortment consists of the newest weaves in Panama suiting, fancy Zibelines, Scotch suit- 2-3 wool, vests and pants. / J I H * '
Iffr^ 10 secure the largest volume of i ngs and fancy foreign mixtures, in grays, blues, garnets, brown, green, black and white effects, and The vests are high necked^ — ' /
lr^^/«'raordina r ry X va f u 1 eI mCnt black ' T he greatest dress goods offering of 1903. and long sleeves, pants ankle /| (
Ml: MTV*/ The phenomenal' se'iing of Wain .AUle\ Monday and luesiay. . length, Satin French bands, f f=^\\
( v\ N Y the p«st week will certainly, be Crepe Egypta— A pretty all - wool 52-inch Broadcloth— Steam finish and Mixed Svithtfs— Serges and cheviots, patent finish. Color, sky blue, 8 \ \
( repeated here during . the laoric tor waists . and evening exceptional. y high grade cloth a very complete assortment of these SOld USUally at $1.2C p?r gar~ fL&% )
/^^£#\ coming days. wear; 46 inches wide, full iine of that we carry in a full line of color- popular makes of dress goods, 36 rrjent in the main ' wSl \ '/
Wm\ Manvcf'cur handsome Cpde new fa.l colorings, and remark- ing, .including b-.ck. Will give and 38 inches wide, absolutely all ais | e / Monday Qnly at J3C W\ j
f/iW!i V \ Chine Cosmme. go on sa!e Monday ' ably low priced tor a nove tv at. good wear and full satisfaction. wool^and the best .of va uu at inuuua^ utny at g 1 1
Iffl * I \k Y at reduced prx-s, color* whit-, bur, yard. ........ 7 Sc > - vard • • »^\ • • • $1*50 y vd 5Oc Ladies* Imported Swfas Ribbed Merino \m\ \ I
JW I l\\ \ green ani pink. 8 »;s - >A . -,b. -.3. To - \ . Vests— White, pink, sky blue and ilfi{k \ \
m//2m VI 111 «X avod b:uif di>.ppj!ntcd you should . ;-^^_ hlarlc" " lUl fl\ \ I
W / IW ¦¦_U S62 -s° Dresses - nov ' $s2 - 50 ¦ W% Mn*g*'B2g*zaffBw-eTHtT>in>a*2ai*r SY H 's h "" k > *"*^>!" $1.00 jYyW?
\ # _/^S^i,!>S60.00Dress e s,now.$50.00 . Jk5^ MB*& ne^iSy j " !r tSiSaSray I (m&J&y Low neck withnosleeves " 7Bo (l^> IJ
>ffl!!r $45.00 Dresses, now 537.50 gfc&Xrvh') Tho l^raf;t tho hanHcnmPct thp mncr rprrwrircth\f> IM^ff^W^
f|(ip£m' ine largesi, me nanasomest, me mosi remarxaoie /fljJoK^Jv Ladies- Swiss Rbb2dPurtWooivab-cream, natural, P bk,ik y b:«
Tsifor Made Suits- Late arrivals of velveteen i| .°;?:v I tov stock west of New York City is now at its best. /jOii jjjjjwS^ andbuck:
and cloth suits. Many handsome models have vWl'-ti We are prepared to please any patron, to suit any purse, fi M gg ™% «1 IJ'fs
been added to our already complete stock. Prettv things at 5c each; beautiful toys at §50.00 each, Will) S, h «d^n?Z£; th : : : IJ.'gg
Velveteen Shirl Waist Suits— Of a selected velveteen, i^^X^lSJ^* o n H jTil rhp nrirp<; in hpfwppn Anv tnv or enrnp that C&®*£i Womtn'i Equestrian Hjhii—ruB Merino jmey Abed, o _
prettily designed and/neatly trimmed, a real «t . and all ne prces in. Detween. Any toy or game mat .^<g^ fast black, ankk or knee ! eng th, open or do.ed, each... 5/-^5
$'5 00 value at ' $22.50 ' V . 0Ur ' 1^ t ' e I°lkS may Want Can SUrely be TOUnd here. ' Wcmtn's Heavy Fleece Lined Cotton Vests-And pano, jcr-
Ncw"cheviot instep Un 8 th Suits-Skirted blouse Coat, T h e toy display is now complete" in its most minute details— the dolls, the games, wo^^C iSSlSSSU w^m%&^. Vi
has deep capes and is cleverly trimmed with velvet the animals, the wagons, the mechanical trains, the doll carriages, are all herein heavy wmtei «; g ht, h; g h i P nced heeis, dcubie soies, pair . .2oc
uniined instep, skirt is also trimmed-a S35.00 such immense variety that we cannot begin to enumerate them. And surrounded
valueat ,• • - $23m5Q by the>e marvels of man's ingenuity and handicraft you will find for a limited time womtn-s Wot Hose— Au«ra-.hn iamb ; i Crooi,Vak wa'ckV ~ —
Complete showing of new coats from $6. 75 those marvels of nature, the Philippine Midgets. And if these attractions are not |^^2^ttl^S^^«£3: *„
to $40.00. enough to induce a visit to California's biggest and best toy department, we have, Merino, h ee i » n d toe, ipeciai T«- ue , pair 50c
Second Floor-Front Qur EnQp^ ous FamUy of Ho Uday Dolls, Selected Sections left. 1 _
&a§G 2§ilveg*WZiB*P> ffor S P ecial Sale Monday only the Two Illustrated. Sale WHst BaUS
WCtfi?«jr wlfl6riUlf WWmiB «*• Tfa _ Bcaut - fu » jointed Papier Mache boiy doll, as S^ISX Kid Body Dolls— Lots of mothers prefer thne to the j*?** 31 ****,^ An Xma^ CSfi
Bt AbOUt S\ * 7 c.,h ! H gh ,, 8 ,n.,,v fc , t ,.,, t ,^ M%, E^^^w ; #t^pf JS&£&\ OpporiCSty Monday
Half Off SL '</-J^ «AiS S:^^iP^Jffl*Sf5 Prcny - n '; rb ' th fia4 T Of T'T
in-eaSI Ull j^Ssfe!^ L,^wm*-*n.^™^,M>.gMffl2$ 4^3=? -a<ibo.v, 11> ii n d lt .uu. - l i.uufi,ibi,»=h«»5 WM83yM$f gram leather- (see picture),
Have the table at- PW^Zd/-3m^ .»J.^«rf.irf««^pf««fcM<^.,» O ijfT'''A 1 (|iF / . \ »¦"> "-p;"« ,w L .' h »™5 «* .-«" »»** •* mM^&k inside pocket, ful size, heavy
UdVt. UlCldLilCdl L /l! w\ • / " I in pretty nnjlets, bisqus hanls and forearms, patent ft»*8<^^^*^^) nickel frame and
tractive! V set for 'Pl.l I /> \ lcathf r sho "' °P en uork stocking*, fuU kidbedy, : , , ¦»-^ v chain black
. <^~^S$$r Papier Mach; Body Dols — Gjod ti drrss as babie«, I'U I \\ \ not part cJoth as §ome are" made, Monday only . . f* JJ * *
Thanksgiving /^^V\ failbaUind socket joints, baby face bi<que head, lj\\ \i \ -^ '"' ' * tm73 Jk ,_-f^' ii J^\ \ ,^^-^* **** °*
nppHlP9«;<;nCTap^finn //$$%%- \\69P & se-ping eyes, short ha : r, lorg lace-trimmid /// I V\ \ f] v -^ Dreued Indestructible Rag Dolls — We never !eem U^W^J^M^/ M fc'li fll/i'l I 1 '/' l\ regularly 75c,
UCLUieb^U CMIUII^,.- * J$£&Z™ skirt ~ /// \\l \ U ««/ to get enough of these famouidolli, so great is the j^ f il^m&^AW^^K MondlV onlv
tO taSteful hOUSe- Sg|? // /^BT^ 7-nch SOO » 5 >i-inch ..$t.QO /// V, \ demand for ihem. Thev can all be dreued and Wdv^'l *)) Monday Only. .
keepers. You can n$|S8*</ j Mp^ 9^-»ch .. . . 750 18-^ . . V__Jji^ \ u:idr "- d - " \juL^j!^y 5Oc
afford to get a lot of new fc -* - *'^Aj5BwB3ra2wW =i-mch . . . $2.fO ~~T^r|2r^ ' WW Big Baby, 20 inche» long, white drea . . $3. SO Si '
silvenvear at prices like Beit Quality p ap ier M«he Body DoIU-Fin-st Sk% ULJ J°. r ? ao H § ™ °" • • • • f I*2f Wrist Bajs— Kile shape, (see picture) eenuinewalrus,
those qao-cd be'ow A big IP^ 5^ bl!^ h » d . fi^» ™* ht ™ h ™ on n t, |||| J b > land T °7 DoU : x + lcchel lon K ; • ; 9U25 | arge ba ,, c , aspS( moire sj , k , inedt card case
special purchase of silver ]T^'^\A>^m^^i aSS e> "' Pre " y Chem5 C ~ 1 |! Am«ic« S^ihte'ta .* .' .' .' .' .' .' SOc 5" d P UrSe t0 match » WOfth 2 ' 00 » Mon * o -
plated hoilow-ware. man- 11 I i2>i'- : nch zs-'nch S4.OO £? BabyUnd Doll, 14 inches $f.25 day only 5i*<?O
u<acu-ed bv the Int-ma H\l«|if//^ 1? -' :SS a5i\1l i/7// / uK-inch ; 9 -ir.ch $5.QO * *' Babyimd Baby, white dress S/..25 Red Salfron Avtomobilc Bag— Gilt frame and chain,
nnaurea d> tnc laterna- , \nfWT, \u"/ **#'** • • • $2.00 ',o-\^ch j &-0 o T.- P sy Babv, white dr: S s. . $1.25 Aunt Dinah, 20 inch,* . ..$3.00 m oire silk lined with nurse to match
tional Silverware Co., who TO»\\\t I j iMW «-»* 52.75 3 --^-i"ch .... & 7 .2S Babyland B, ; -, 14 inches . $1.25 -Eayand Lady, 20 inch«..*3.50 Zl'l V?\() nn \T"ly ' Cf 75
make the celebrated 1847 2 3-'" c h $3.35 36-inch. . . . SSO.OO BaSyland Beauty, i6# in«.$2.25 Dorothy, 30 inches long . $5.00 c Vr , i> 'Jl iT Y '** * '. \' m *°
n R » j i*'*-^^ " oeai uratn Autcmabile Bag — The extreme sue, leather
on ° »•. L°' mXtv T •Jl^ J$LfZ> * ome «1 '*• ,*n»a/fer Specifies for Boys that can be Bought 0£Zg%£££J?. . tod . ** " rf ."*¦. $4.OO
morrow st these prices: <^3££> ttOW, While ttSO Stock IS Complete, ami Conveniently Hid Away Artistically cut brass initials for bags 35c and 75c.
Quadruple plated Bon Bon DJsh or Spoon Tray . $t.27 8 ™ Z °°* ' '^ffb W ' StCam En * lncS ~""° f *" de$cr5 P tions ' In Rotunda. . S
Quadruple plated Bon Bon Dish on lest, fancy embossed ta ) S12.5O fifo ft0\ fl exact models of large engines used &£&§$* TUff^ite]/ ffi@3S$&i*£>
bordcr $1m41 Magic Lanterns -Nickel nnshed, with f* /lit *«*. |,T ' 1 in factori=j, can be operated by n- -m «#- mm *s
f&&-^0$M l W^^i^\&^^S^^3i "Jft- fftsA .nychi.d.500 to S35.oo Family Size 59c \
r\ A ! i " *u* j * * '• I I *j '. ', •;v*»»O ou;fit .7 SO tO $6. GO ( |k iM! um r,^-v n _» . ** This iprcial purchase of roasting pans /
QuadrupiC plate Bread Tray, with beaded border, lancy RoJIer Skates - Plain, 75c, St.QO <k I (I! SHf H Climber or Friction Power ani»ed jus: in time for a pre- A /lf==— *^^
open work sides and end $l m QS adjustable. . . ¦ $1.5O, $3*OG Hjd0^!&b. Pi ! !J^**v s — Are much improved in style Thanksgiving «ale. It is one of /cfiy"']^? =^\
Quadrup'e plate Berry Dish, with fancy gold trimmed At Rifif* -Single shot, 75s, S1.QO : OP ll /kfT^N. ar ' d varie ty for this season, they run th * " nfSt » seIf fc»«in g roast pans -Jr^~-^ J_ __ c== -\ '
Qjadruple pate Cake Basket, with handle, fancy open and patterns, 5Oo, 75c, $1 OQ —j^pH^is^^ M^KMhV// car P cts or Sil 8 ht obstructions, great iest, and n : ckel plated TentOator, t ti£Zm&$ t *J£zJ$Wm
worktop. .'./. $3m15 Tennis Ricqu'ts — Durab'e ono, 75g- C^^HjlftgPjIt. j§ •\^ila ;^^ toys for either in or out doors. sire io^'xi 6 inch;s (all right for <^^^^^^^^^^0^^
Quadruple plate 6-inch Tray 6 9c _ ¦ ¦ •• • • : *''£% "'"' '~ r^~^ vfefg^T Locomotive- W.th steel tender and gong, ?«. ioSl*?"*!^*
Quadruple plate 3-picce Sets-Sugar, creamer and S? oon=r. Bucks and S-wt T F-r O Oc, Si.OO /4^Mm^> lg ineh .j^ 5S©
in the new Colonial design $5.32 Boys* Tool Chtst -Extra value for our trade, strong doveailed box, AutomobiIe _, r , Io # inches long .... . 5/.O0 ; — - I ' '
WMSMMMS&m Chafing Dish $3.00
— Other Tool Chests from 25c to $10.00 each. gong; only ' * . .... . S1.OO \ -pi , , . , e , ' £ ,. ,
mm- m . _„ , ,.„ „..,., . , , , . /,- Troly Car- 15 inches long, 8 passengers. ..... .St.OO The largest and most complete stock of chafing dishes
FSttQ LlffefSS NOW FootBalIl ~ IebMe8ranl X er «rt ?•^^"JoV *««A Circus Menaces- 17,* inhesions, with 5 moving animal, . . in the cify from which to choose here. 20 different styles,
P**wT tT-# Uf-ff C .!!/ -Tl ' ' ' ' $UO °' $U1G ' $U25 ' S5 '°° ¦¦'••• • • • • ; • • 92.O0 madeof rolled copper plate, heavily nickel plated, ebony
frlCeS That Will SurpriSQ Brownie Cameras -Useful and practical with finder,, small size Automobile-^ ineha long, , fast runner ....... SOo handlcj, asbestos filled and self regulating lampf
An unsurpassed stock of well selected ¦••¦••¦•• Si.2o,^™,$2.oo jmo&r <*-*}««*»*»«*,»**** soc
table sets, plain and hemstitched, napkins, w —. v , mm m ' -«• m 3-p'^»««- >. $*.oo
squares, trays, doilies, etc., at a price that FgJjgvfflBt&SB*® v£0!g$g2€2B£&a& t@B* BwaiBfflta&lY SJitieW r^*. 1I > n!ckeI f ™ e chafing dw,,- a-p«t ««e . . . * J^-gg
will astonish purchasers who appreciate •. • Z-tey*-*^ — " " —
good qualities and perfect styles. .,/ ..,„ Eithcro1 the P rctt y Tabovr " Thanksgiving Specials Groceries
Bleached Dinner Sets— a yard c.'oth, with dozen rapkins, for S4.OO cttes shown in picture on the l^^MM U II I U J Fancv H I If fl -am- .. * o • _.
Same with a^-yard dath ....-•-.. S^.5O , , • U V • " • MS ft H ffljf Chairs, fl || S#fl/ LltfUOrS, MOtttfBy & TUCSdSy
Same with 3-yarf dcth left, in golden oak or imitation WW « B-flff- Ju ' tabl: JLMl Ufff?° .
8-4 Bleached Hemstitched Setj, complete for . . '. '. ' ". .$6,G0 "^^> manogany, weJl and strongly made, JOWsJiv^ 111 Itf for Sw^!l OT/ Burnett's Flavoring Extract— A small quantity only oflemon «nd Taaina,
8-10 Bleached Hrmstitched S:t<, for . $6.75 /^3^ Tabourettes m^M''^ hd ' 1CS> IB HfS$ 1 p/ / 2 '° r " botdel ' lemon, regularly »jc bottle, /do; ranilla, regularly
Finer sets, plain and hemstitched, $10, $i 5 and $20. =«^. that any fi-.:- &SS«| t f >^ Si Sk l"L'n 3 ° C 24 °
The 5 oc B«chtd Damatk, a: the Emporium, yard 38o cli " furnture «fi^^l*«jS I I il Jbl-s"* JllJri^'. ft Plum Puddlnjl— II, *«, 49O/ 3« 60O
H«vy.o.d bleached Table Dam«k, vard 65O T^&^T MlfW\ StOC would I?iP«i (WJH "5 \J^^^^A Seeded Raisins -Two x-lb. pkg, ." . . . . 25O
$3.00 dozen Napkin, 2+ x H inch,,! here.; .:;••' *^ 28 // /1\| \| fif i | \V Monday ** J J h^W '¦ Heinz or Atmore Mince Meat- Sold by the 1b %3O
iI; 7 Dat«kTra?n Z 1 Ni?k^" Xa u lnCh^ LjiiJi \ -iL \ Thi, quaint Dutch deri^n 5 Fo&h- Th» comfortable Cobbler Hunt's Fruits- 3 -lb. tin^ extra peaches, aprieoO, pears o, plnn«, put «p
40c Damask Tray Clo h, cur pnee, each 2 *O jF^^^ Ml^^i * TA^^^SSi ed golden oak or ma- Seat Rocker, golden oak in hcry syrup, for the two day., do,. $2.85, tin . . . . 24©
An accumulation of remnants of fine and medium § (J \ /yt ==^V\ ft C cr im tation mahojany; reg- hogany finish, wers and imiiation mahogany, Royal Baking Powder— i-lb. tins .. . 38 C
damasks, towels, crashes, etc., on sale on bargain table, \ '" \ 70 W * 2 - 5 ° 5 «^ Kirk's White Ruwian Soap- Sold eTerywhereat S cb*r, » 9 but $1U)O
off rotunda, east side. • . • U ' v v Monday &S.Wi9 • • .. -. . .$3.15 specuiMondar.^f.so pweny,:^,!,^^.
' ' • ¦ ¦ ¦• - - - -. - - ' - p 4U i Jones, A Mar- : -,_.¦'• '
V fI" B e^vSy e^I Choice of Our Body Brussels £1.37 ¦-.-.. JaittesW'
4-pouad cdiioraa white bimKcIs — Fine woo!, slight* v, Beginning Monday and during the entire week you can select from our entire stock or.minWniit.boS w ! -*V
soued rrom nanaimg, so marked pair *>^^J£T tie 35a v~£'&V^B >^fl B"^ •»• ¦a^^'V
6-pound best California White Blankets, pair '. .' $5^% of Bod y Brussels Carpets, including such staple and standard and well known O id Vuc'hinan-Bour. £Jf
Golden Gate DianKcts-Bcst wool .nd' fin«t finish, instead makes as Bigelow Lowell, ¦ Whittalls, Worcesters, etc. a **!?' J*£ '¦ 'mj+r** -
of 5,o.oo. tha week. p.,r. a . 45 An tt Qr gt , e you wjsh and we j,, l^tf* '• » SrClQaPS
line^andlay the carpet, at .. .......... .... ? ; . ....;.^#M^ # JfW"
substantial comforters-white fiiiings, each . . . . gj c This price is only a .slight advance above the price of the best quality Tapestry ; h ° ice hoM «y^ ;|fl a +rirf s E-J&
D0 6oce D a C ch S he?a7 fimh ' 8lI 9° inches, instead o t Brussels. The same quality of Body Brussels is sold for one-third more in the ii^ -1- f<-SS II f #W Z ./^fcT
Piiiow C c^eslNot £ the cornm'on'id^, U; g^ '^^.L .' / /f f g exclusive furniture and carpet stores, / ;7 ' " ST^.^siS
Bamty, Be&istiful Holiday Handkerchiefs ffil Forty-Two Clever winter styles
Women's hand embroidered initial handkerchief, sheer Pure Linen HandKcrchicb— Embroidered, scalloped or hem- J^ll ' jpJiM : WomCit'S ShOBS for $3.50
lmen . . ... . . . . . 15c. 25c **& 50o stitched, each . 12ViCm 15c, 2Qc. 25o to $2 «. L ,. ". , » , %, , „• t . , ,
Women's hand embroidered, unlaundcrcd initial handker. Pure linen embroidered handkerchiefs, 6 ;n tancy holiday i-LM The best quah tie. that have ever been produced to seU at this price. Ths large
chiefs, also sheer, fine linen, cac> .. f2}4o «nd /J o box ' $1*50 and $3.00 ' SS&J& asiortmcnt of newest styles include vici kid, patent leathers, patent colt skin, box calf
Fancy unUundered handkerchiefs, with hand embroidered R ea l LaccHandkcrchle'ls- A Urge asiortmcnt of point*Rose ' In .f 1 CDameIcd lcathcrs ' Try t pair of the Emporium $3.50 shoes for women and yoa
. corner, 3 for. . . ... ... . ..-.'. . 50c '. »nd r.-al DucIkss: lace handkerchxfs, each S1.5O to $3S.OO " will become oar permanent customer in this department.
"THE ROAD THAT
MIA CHOSE."
A Story With a Strange
Ending.
BY SARAH COMSTOCK.
NEXT SUNDAY CALLARMY OFFICER WHO WILL RE
PORT UPON THE LABOR
SITUATION IN COLORADO.
DENVER, Nov. 21.— The miners of the
northern coal fields In mass meeting in
Louisville tQ-day tor the second time
voted, to reject the proposition of the op
erators for a settlement of the strike In
Northern Colorado Miners Stay Out
After Companies Yield. ,. :
VOTE TO CONTINUE STRIKE.
OMAHA, Nov. 21.— Major General
John C. Bates, commanding the De
partment of the Lakes and Missouri,
to-day turned over the Department of
Missouri to its new commander, Major
General SL S. Sumner. Nearly all the
officers in the Department of Missouri,
Including Major Smith Van Leo, chief
engineer of the department at Fort
Leavenworth, were present. No imme
diate change in the personnel of th«
staff will occur and Major F. J. Mc-
Clernand will remain as chief of staff.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21.— Major Gen
eral Bates, commanding the Depart
ment of the Lakes, has been ordered by
the War Department to proceed to Den
ver to Investigate the labor troubles,
with a view to ascertaining if there is
any necessity for Federal troops there.
It is stated at the War Department
that Major General Bates is not going
to Denver to relieve Brigadier General
Baldwin of his command of the De
partment of the Colorado. The purpose
of hi« visit Is to look over the field, to
advise Governor Peabody, if he cares
to have such advice, and, finally, to re
port to the department here, and,
through it, to the President, as to the
actual need that may exist for the use
of United States troops in connection
with the Colorado strike. In addition
to his experience Jn the Philippines,
General Bate" is regarded as an expert
in ' the settlement of vexatious ques
tions growing out of conflicting civil
and military authority.
Sends General Bates to Report TJpon
Colorado Situation.
WAE DEPARTMENT ACTS.
CHICAGO. Nov. 21. —The street car
strike has settled down, for the time
being at least, to a bargaining propo
sition. Negotiations have been in pro
gress all day and will continue through
to-morrow. The result to-night is that
the company has presented an answer
to the last proposition of the men,
which makes some concessions In the
matter of routine cars, but does not
grant anywhere near what the men
have been demanding.
The last conference or the day termi
nated at 3 o'clock and the union offi
cials left the room with displeasure on
their faces and evidently not In the
best of humor. They went at once to
the office of Attorney Prentiss, one of
their advisers, to formulate a reply to
the answer of the company. This will
be submitted to-morrow and the com
pany will make another reply.
The conference this afternoon was at
times somewhat heated and the voices
could be heard in the outer hall as
they argued the propositions involved.
"When President Mahon of the street
car men's organization came out of the
meeting he would make no statement,
and Colonel Bliss, the attorney of the
company, would only say:
"We have Just been discussing how
to run a street railway."
Attorney Prentiss said after 'he had
reached his office and was about to lock
himself up with the officials of the
union:
"There is no Immediate chance of a
settlement. I hope that we can reach
an agreement, but nothing has been ac
complished yet."
The present hitch in negotiations is
understood to be over the routing of
cars, the men having waived their de
mand for the exclusive employment of
union men and their right to pass with
authority upon the discnarge of em
ployes. On the question of wages there
haB never been any trouble, both sides
having been willing from the nrst to
submit that question to arbitration.
A ureat mass meeting of union men
is to be held to-morrow at Tattersalls
to discuss the strike.
The associated teaming interests of
this city, which organization counts
among its membership nearly all the
large business houses and manufactur
ing concerns that operate teams, has
served notice upon the Teamsters' Un
ion that unless the teamsters return to
their work with the Chicago City Rail
way Company all agreements held with
local teamsters' unions will be abro
gated. The notice was sent to Corne
lius O'Shea, international president of
the teamsters, by Robert J. Thorne,
chairman of the executive committee
of the teaming interests. The team
eters will hold a meeting to-morrpw to
decide upon a plan of action. . .
Corbett-Hanlon Match Hangs Fire.
Diplomatic negotiations are still in
progress between Young Corbett and
Manager Levy of the Hayes Valley
Athletic Club. The fight, which is ex
pected to attract a large attendance, is
too choice a plum to be thrown away.
It is expected the boxer and the man
ager will come to terms to-morrow in
order that the principals may settle
down to training.
Billiard Tournament Dates.
NEW YORK. Nov. 21.— The fourth
annual tournament of the National As
sociation of Amateur Billiard Players
for the amateur championship, the
eagle trophy and other prizes, will open
at the clubhouse of the I-iederkranz
Society on February 4. Entries close
January 18.
Superintendent McCormick was one
of the best known mining men In the
Cripple Creek district.
After receiving news of the explosion
Governor Peabody ordered the troops
In Cripple Creek who were to proceed
to Telluride to-night to remain In Crip
ple Creek. The force now there num
bers nearly 400. .*•
Major Naylor and a detail of soldiers
were dispatched from Camp Goidfield
to the mlna and took charge of the
property. No one is allowed to ap
proach the mine and no one is permit
ted to leave.
To the trigger of the revolver waa
attached a string, which was thrown
across the thaft in such a manner that
when the cage came down and encoun
tered the string the revolver would ex
plode, the bullet striking the explosive.
Pieces of this revolver have been recov
ered from the bottom cf the shaft, but
not a vestige of the infernal machine
can be found.
The explosion occurred while Super
intendent McCormick and Miner Beck
were descending into the mine on the
stage. They were the only passengers.
Just as the stage reached the sixth
level the explosion occurred. It wrecked
the level, cage and shaft at that point
and instantly killed both men. The ex-,
plosion was heard at the surface and
many persons thought It was an earth
quake. The engineer hastily reversed
the hoist, but could not pull up the
cage.
The bodies of McCormick and Beck
%vere recovered and brought to the sur
face through the second compartment
of the shaft this afternoon. It is be
lieved no other men were killed or in
jured. ¦ .
It is positively asserted by officers of
the Vindicator Mining Company, that
the explosion was caused by an infer
nal machine. This statement was made
after a thorough examination of the
shaft. The infernal machine, contain
ing many pounds of dynamite, was
placed in the sixth level, which Is part
of the abandoned workings of the mine,
within a few inches of the shaft. Then
a loaded revolver was fixed in the
shaft, with its barrel pointing directly
toward the infernal machine.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., Nov. 2L—
Charles McCormick, superintendent of
the Vindicator mine, and Melvin H.
Beck, a miner, were killed . shortly be
fore noon to-day by an explosion in the
sixth level of the Vindicator mine.
DENVER, Colo., Nov. 2L— Three hun
dred members of the Colorado National
Guard left here to-day for Tellurlde, in
command of Major Zeph T. HilL - They
will reach their destination at sundown
to-morrow and probably will stay in
the cars all night, making their camp
on Monday morning.
Question of Union Men Is
Waived, but Oar Routing
Causes Hitch.
Chicago Strike Is Bal
anced on Minor
Points.
NO AGREEMENT
IS YET REACHED
I N FERN AL M ACH I N E EXPLODED IN M I N E
KILLS SUPERINTENDENT AND LABORER
Colorado Fiends Devise Contrivance by Which Victims Become
Their Own Executioners, and Outrage Results in the Imme
diate Hurrying of State Troops to Scene in Tellur.ide District
, HEL.SINQFORS. Finland,; Nov. 21.~
Under ; the' terms of an s ordinance of the
Czar dated November 6 Russian subjects
not! having 5 Finnish: civil rights are per
mitted , to ; acquire real v estate j of . every
description In ; Finland, , and to own , s'uch
property with the ' same right as natives.
The restrictions which 1 formerly prevent
ed : such : ownership i axe * now --i enforced
against Jews only.
Ban Applies to Jews.
Fleischmann Reappears in New York
,
NEW YORK, Nov. 21.—William N.
Fleischmann, a* relative of the Mayor
of Cincinnati, who ' disappeared from
Saratoga during the race meeting last
summer, has reappeared: in this city.
Up* to the* time he left Saratoga he
had been in charge of the racing sta
bles of Mayor Fleischmann and it was
stated his secret operations in the' bet
ting ring by" which*he • was alleged to
have become indebted to the bookmak
ers for; more than" $40,000, caused the
Mayor to announce the retiring of.his
horses.
Fleischmann, who at various times
had been'reported in Europe and South
Africa and also to s have committed sui
cide, "declares he came (directly to" New
York and has seldom". left here since
August,, having been ill most of the
time.
BREST, France, Nov. 21.— Several
thousand workmen employed in the
dockyards made a demonstration In
the streets this evening: singing Social
istic airs and shouting. One group
numbering 100 ottacked a police com
missary, who endeavored to disperse
the crowd. They knocked him down
and tore off his official scarf.. .
"Worklngmen. in Demonstration.
FALL. RIVER, Mass.; Nov. 21.— The
cotton mills known as the Fall River
Iron Works, owned by M. C. D. Borden
of New York, will follow the other lo
cal mills In 1 the reduction of wages.
Notices for the cut down of 10 per cent
to eo into effect on November 30, a
week later than that of other mills,
were posted to-day. Nearly 1000 ope
ratives will be affected. Every mill In
Fall River is i now included In \ the re
duction. The first strike growing out
of the cut down occurred to-day, when
seventy-five weavers in the Stevens
mill voted not to return to work on
Monday.
Will Cut Wages Ten Per Cent.
BOSTON, Nov. 21. — Advices received
here from Lloydmlnster, 2?. W. T.. declara
that the Barr colony, composed of 130
Immigrants from London and environ?,
is in danger of serious disaster because,
of lack of food. , >¦ '„ ' ' .'
Colonists in Need of Pood.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21.— The treaty
for the cessation of the Isle ot Pines to
Cuba was to-day favorably acted upon
by the Senate Committee on Foreign Re
lations and it will be favorably reported
to the Senate -at the next executive ses
sion.
Favors Ceding Isle of Pines.
BUDAPEST, Nov. 21.— In the lower
house of the Diet to-day Premier Tisza,
replying to the speech of the Austrian
Premier, Baron von Koerbcr, in the
Reichsrath yesterday, said that the
Austro-Hungarian . ausgleich did not
exist. The Austrian law differed in
many points from the Hungarian aus
gleich law, but the common affairs of
the halves of the monarch were man
aged on the basis of the provisions of
the Austrian law. Count Tisza declared
that an exclusively Hungarian law
modifying the common affairs had in
any, case the force of law. The asser
tion that Hungary desired to prejudice
the principle of parity between the two
states was a "misrepresentation of
facts."
Tlsza Declares in a Speech. That Aus
tro-Hungarian Ausgleich Did
Not Exist.
SHARP REPLY GIVEN
TO AUSTRIAN PREMIER
SANTA ROSA. Nov. 21.— As a result
of the storm which has been ragirg
in this vicinity for three days past, the
Southern Pacific evening passenger
train came near being ditched yester
day on its return to this city.
The tracks near Schellville were un
der-water and the flood water stretched
out for a great distance on either side.
Engineer George B. Clark ran into tbe
water and suddenly his engine lurched
and seemed to settle. He applied the
air quickly, but the rails being wet the
locomotive slid along until it ran on to
solid ground and righted itself. Great
consternation occurred among the pas
senger? in the coaches when they fol
lowed the engine into the depression.
No one was injured.
Numerous landslides and washouts
are reported, the most serious one^je
ir.g near Occidental. Fully an acre of
earth fell from a hill there during the
rain yesterday morning and blocked
trafflc. Mail Carrier Frank Smith did
not reach" this city until noon to-day,
whereas his schedule calls for his ar
rival here Friday evening at 6 o'clock.
The landslides and washouts were re
sponsible for his delay.
When he discovered the slide near
Occidental Smith essayed to reach this
city by another road, but found it in
worse condition than the first one.
Reaching the laguna west of this city
this morning he was unable to cross
that stream and was compelled to re
turn and come around through Sepas
topol. He departed on his arrival here
at once for Occidental, his schedule
calling for a round trip daily. It is not
certain that he will be able to make
the journey, as other slides may have
taken place.
Creeks and streams all over the coun
ty are running brimful and doing con
siderable damage. A large hulkhead In
Santa Rosa Creek has been torn loose
by the force of the water. The water
was so high in the vicinity of the Napa
line of the Southern Pacific Railroad
that it was necessary to annul two
trains on that branch to-day.
ETNA, Nov.' 21.— A big storm, in the
Salmon River mountains flooded Scott
Valley, Siskiyou- County. The United
States mall coach from Etna to Yreka
tipped over in Kldder Creek and the
stage driver and one passenger nar
rowly escaped drowning. The mail and
express were recovered. It has been
raining since November 5.
REDDING, NoV. 21.— This region la
experiencing a wonderful storm. Rain
has fallen steadily for seventy- two
hours. , The precipitation for that pe
riod measures eight and a half inches.
The stage from Biebery Lassen County,
due here last evening, has not yet ar
rived. , The stage from Weavervtlle,
Trinity County, managed to get in last
night, although late, by selecting . a
new route to escape" the storm. The.
rainfall for the season is fourteen
inches.
The passenger train from Portland to
San Francisco, due here at 10:30 in the
morning, did not arrive until noon. It
Is learned that for an hour It was held
by a landslide two miles north of Kes
wick.
; NAPA, Nov. 21.— A heavy rain fell
Friday and Friday, night and the Napa
River is out of its banks at present.
The water was over, the railroad track
near Yountvflle yesterday. The rain
fall for twenty-four 1 hours up to,; 7
o'clock, this; morning was .1.45. This
makes a total for the season to date of
Special Dispatch to The- Call.
The rainfall throughout the State was
much lighter yesterday than on Fri
day and last evening: the indications
were that a g-eneral clearing up was
close at hand. The rivers in the north
ern half of California were somewhat
higher than normal, but there is no
danger of an overflow anywhere at
present. Professor ilcAdie of the
Weather Bureau stated last night that
the storm was going slowly east. No
rain fell in the south. Tne average
rainfall in the State yesterday was
about a quarter of an incn. During the
entire storm 2.80 Inches of rain fell in
San Francisco. The weather is grad
ually becoming warmer and the winds
are very light.
Rails Settle in Sonoma,
but Cars Reach Solid
Ground.
that district. It is understood that this
action Is In the nature of a sympathetic
strike, as the operators had practically
conceded all the demands of the men. The
vote is said to have been in opposition to
the advice of the officials of the United
Mine Workers, who have been trying to
effect a settlement in the northern fields.
About 1500 men are affected by the vote.
FLOOD NEARLY
WRECKS A TRAIN
7.05 inches. At the same date last year
10.64 Inches had fallen.
SAN RAFAEL.. Nov. 21.— The rainfall
in Marin County has been the heaviest
in years, yet the storm has not been
nearly as severe upon pedestrians and
animals as former ones. For the last
three days the rainfall in San Rafael
and vicinity averaged three inches a
day. Some other parts of the county
record mere.
¦ .¦-¦-¦¦. ¦
THE S-AK TEA^CISCO (ALL, 51XDA ", ? NC^E^ll^ir 22, ii)O3.
26
ADVEBTISEMENTSb •
More News of Stirring Under-Priced Offerings That Should
Make To-Morrow the Busiest of the Month.
Comparison Is frequently not always the cheap refuge for the Inexact
advertiser, the sort with the Incomplete conscience. How numerous his species:
But the temptation when giving news of the piano store is Kreat. The business
is big. Couldn't be otherwise with the great combination of pianos from tne fac-
tories of the best makes.
There is a vast deal of trading and renting going on in the piano business.
Strictly speaking, a piano that has been rented is not new. ,-»
Neither Is a piano that has been used ever so little.
Pianolsts wanting the latest instruments are constantly exchanging Instru-
ments that are not necessarily old for others that are younger.
Families that have used a piano for a long time need a new one and trade the
old one in making the purchase.
" In 'a piano business such as now current here, the number of traded pianos
that must be sold at off-prices Is very large.
We cannot, however, afford to be discredited by selling even aa underpriced
and formerly used piano if unsatisfactory, and before offering such they are put
through a thorough process of reconstruction that In most instances makes them
good as new.
FIBST OPFEBXHO — Nine Kimball pianos. Eight of them equal to new.
Three of them entirely new Inside. Only cases and hardware previously in use.
One is old — ought to be at the price. The peerless, century of honor. Kimball
reputation will be fully sustained by these pianos. Beyond this nothing re-
mains to be stated.
Klmball Grand. "Walnut Case, was $1000, was $500. now . ,\ (310.00
now $635.00 Klmball Upright Piano, Oak Case, was
Kimball Grand, Oak Case, was $950.00. $500.00, now 3313.00
now . . $565.00 Kimball Upright Piano, Mahogany Case.
Kimball Upright Piano, Mahogany Case. was $450.00, now $397.00
was $550.00, now $413.00 Kimball Upright Piano. Mottled Walnut
Chickering Upright Piano, Walnut Case. Case, was $390.00. now S303.00
- was $500. now . . . . : $368.00 Kimball Upright Piano. French Walnut
Chickering Upright Piano, Oak NCase, Case, was $375.00, now $233.00
SECOND OYTH1Z1JX&— Seven pianos. Four Jacob Doll pianos and three Fom-
mer-Eilers pianos. Mostly renters. All thoroughly gone over and placed in
perfect condition. Artistic approval places' these instruments In the front rank
of popularity.
Jacob Doll Upright Piano, Walnnt Case, Pommer-Eilers Piano. Burl Walnut Cas«».
three pedals. 7 1-3 octaves, in fine con- 7 1-3 octaves, good condition, was
dition, was $425.00, now ..... .$289.00 $375.00. now $318.00
Jacob Doll Upright Piano, Mahogany
Case, dull finish, 7 1-3 octaves, elegant Pommer-Eilers Piano, Finest Mahogany
condition, was $425.00, now $293.00 Case, was $375.00, now $210.00
Jacob Doll Upright, Oak Case, good con-
dition, was $425, now $337.00 Pommer-Eilers Piano, artistic case, of
Jacob Doll Piano. Oak Colonial Style. colonial design, improved repeating
71-3 octaves; line tone, was $400, action, with sustaining pedal, was
now .'. $210.00 $350, now $180.00
THXBB OPPEB1N0 — Nine second-hand uprights of various makes. Five
square pianos. All of them taken in exchange for new instruments, but put In
first-class condition. .-._*-
Wing & Son Piano, handsome walnut Anticell Piano, ebony case, was $300.00.
case, orchestral grand, having five now '. $118.00
pedals, in fine condition, originally Haper Piano, good tone and condition,
$300, now $163.00 ebonized case $100.00
Newman Piano, old German style, up- Beatty Square $48.00
rI fht ;••;••,• 3 90 - 00 Shaeffer Piano, carved legs, fine tone..
Bord Piano, small upright, fancy case. 843.00
2J,X b »4. ln ? 5 t 5S.'?on' < ,w ma . a !:fe4 t 5 h i3 *S»E2; £^m^- Vh~
A. B. Chase Piano; mahogany case, in- small size, for small room $38.00
side same as new, was $450.00, now.. Vose Square Piano, finest possible condi-
S235.0O tion and elegant tone $89.00
: POMMER-EILERS MUSIC COMPANY,
653 Market Street.
San Francisco's Busiest and Best Piano Store. •
. ADVEBTISETVrRTJTS. ,
€€W 7*7 9 '
in severe
GEO. R. NICHOLL, ESQ., Scotch
Plains, N. J., writes: ."I have taken
your 'TV for a severe Cold- and was re-
lieved so quickly that I wish to know-
more about your other Specifics. Please
send me Dr. Humphreys' Manual that
you offer to mall free."
SOME OF THE OTHER SPECIFICS.
No. 3 for Infants' Diseases.
" 8 " Neuralgia.
" 10 " Dyspepsia.
" 14 " Eczema. ¦ \» -
" 15 " Rheumatism.
" 16 " Malaria.
. " 27 " The Kidneys.
" SO " The Bladder.
In small bottles of pleasant pellets
that fit the vest pocket. At Druggists.
25 cents.
ETMedical Guide mailed free.
Humphreys* Med- Co.. Cor. William and John
Streets. N>w York.
J visit DR. JORDAN'S great i
fMUSEUH OF AMATOHY^
\ Or T*« X-»»T«» t Aa«t«Bieal Mukoo la tie \
A _J jT^_ World. WeUaeises or any comneted A
• 4^&9 dise»«e F«»i»«»"'7e«r«Mlb7theolde« T
O I* 5 Sfl i>P«cu^coaUieCouc. Eit jo jein. O
4 &^£*\ D3 ' JORDAM-DISEASES OF MEN i
\ f ffE/SJ Con«ull»doa free tad rtrietiy prlrtte. \
0 I lS^?H Titans" personally or by letter. A B
\ i if M W So* 1 *** £^"«>«enrc»»euodert»ien. \
APif \\a> Writ* for Book. Pnil.Os»OPnY»fi
f r tf . if BAHHMCE. MAILED FBES. ( A f
A fl ti '»» luable bocic ' or nn >> A
9 PB^jqBPA^^CO^lfg^MarkctS^.^. W
!bbk9RbsbbV!!ZSSVbbBHHBbb9I'' - ¦¦
y AUj]p2Eri&
ADVERTISEMENTS.
| B, KATSCHINSKI
|j Philadelphia Shoe Co.
ij 10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
[1 Adjcislsjr Call Buildlasr.
I Eiderdown
I Boudoir Comforts
H The acme of comfort and a style
| that will please the most fastid-
I lous. Ladies* finest Eiderdown
-I Fleece Lined Boudoir Comforts,
1 with lamb's wool soles. In colors,
| red. black, pink, blue and gray,
1 and ornamented with satin bow.
3 THE PBXCE OJJX.Y SI. 25- Sizes,
•i 3 to 8.
Sandals With Bow j
m For party or home wear. Ladles' Ij
i j VIci Kid One-Strap Sandals, orna- |j
f| merited with neat satin bow. plain B
|l coin toes, turned soles and low B
[I heel*. OUR PRICE, 85c Sizes, ft
!2% to 6; widths, B to EE. R
1 For Young Ladies
B Specially made for "Winter wear.
N Young Ladies' Box Calf Lace and
|J Button Shoos, coin toes and tips
} I and double soles, with spring J
j beels. THE PRICE SEDUCED 9
1 1 TO S5c Sold regularly for $1.60. 1
y Sizes, IVt to 6; widths, B to EE. 1
fyiCI KID JULIETS 1
M \x «tyle that will please. Many ij
|1 laAlf»s object to felt Juliets be- H
ij cauise the dampness penetrates, fj
H butl with Vlcl Kid Fur Trimmed K
K Juliet^, with warm lining, a lady H
Ij can veviture out into the wet and B
|j yet ke^p the feet warm and dry. fl
A THE FjSXCE. 81.50. Sizes, 3 to i
I j 8; wld^fos. B to EE. If
[| We dncsday night being 1
i Thanksgiving Eve, we will I
|| be o^en until 10 p. m. w
IB. KATSGHINSKI I
U. Philadelphia Shoe Co. |
|| XO THIRD 8T, San Francisco. I
DR. ILAXX/S REINVIGORATOB
stops ail losses and unnatural dis-
charge* In 2i hours. You feel aa
improvement from th« first doss.
We have bo much confidence In our
treatment that «re cSer Tiv« Hun-
dred reward for any case we can-
not cur*. This secret remedy cure*
leu power. nl«rhtly emissions, Wasted organs,
vartcocele, sjleet, strictures, kldneye. railing
memory. dnMns In the urine, gonorrhoea, dls-
c&s* of the i,Toctate glanda and all other terri-
ble effects of Beif-abus« or excesses, which lead
en to consumption and death. Positively cures
the worn «&ees in old or young cf that mortify-
l&g condition. Quickness of the discharge and
ws-stlng to do, and you can't. Bent sealed $2
per bottle, three bottles. (3. Guaranteed' to
cur* try case.
Call or address orders HAIX'S MEDICAIi
IKETTTUTn. 855 Broadvsy, Oakland. Cal
Al«o for aale at 1073% Market tt., S. F. Send
fcr free book.
KM^fSXQ a mBsL sp|f llp^^^tsBCl
t3m BfilUQBl sV KlBBftm^ |9 r S S9^ VV
Hi ISi asffi^ M ® K^NIi
Ka " M w9 RcSK mm HUB W I Bcia
U n h fcl iff! 3 *4S n&Kfell
W%t^^M^JCLm~J^iS9%mJLtL— _ sa— B^— sV— 4m
DDTTCU17C r0R BA.HBEHS, BA.
Dtl U DHJuO kerB > bootblacks, bath-
houif-p, billiard tables.
brawers. bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
6y*i£. flour mi Hi", foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, choe factories,
•¦tablemen, tar-roofers. -tanners, tailors, etc
BTJCHAWAN BEOS,
Brn«h Mannf actnrers. 609 Sacramento St.
Schools and Colleges.
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE
WEST. 24 Port St.. Baa Francisco, Cal.
Established 40 years. , Open enUra year.
Writ* for Illustrated catalogue (free).
IBj *ftQs95KSU Et^Ibhm KiNkL Ejfil BBSS ¦^¦ft JBsl ¦¦»¦ «BM I Kt vSfa wfyt D3&3 KftLSk Q ¦mr^^k
Y * KSBKBGSca EMr^SB^B* S£Io9pk Cs3l ness kfiH Km Ka mi *# BR9 sHS N&SUvmBk 4 IxbI KhvSA B b»*9 na
I - 2 Bjb fcgfa C-ift TmStT^n KjLJI S9?l . 199 EUN B£a «E*\ Mm BSBnflfl^B^^ B^uBSBX H990HbSBeS MM w96QSV H HtOt Sl£b
Murder, Lust and Mis- fHHa Km * s fahtmian to treat a **
cry lurk behind the JfflffloUllL Drinking man as a crim-
gaudy label on the Lnal. It is barbarous
Whisky Bottle. Every >S^^^«^^^^^S^ to **? an< * C00^ *" s * ever
crime in the calendar — ¦^^^rP^lBtlBim^BK^ " wit^ texts * He is a
every human atrocity, jfllwHBBwBW 1l«ffli yictim °* disease, and
every form of misery, WB^^IWkM IhH aI1 discases must hz
disease, horror and de- |^PffilBiyil91ISH HH - treated scientifically,
spair is masked by the P^^^^ffiliOln?™ rationally, . humanely,
alluring Trade Mark of g r^P^oHlr\ite= 11 AlcohoUsm has been my
the bottled fury, The J^ml^mWMMmM' specialty for the past
Drinking Man cheats f j MnlfKlT fourteen years, and
himself, saying "the \-n jfl#^*i\\ S^rJ"^S within that time I have *
label tells me this is V / Wh W^WWm'-''-' : effected 13,000 cures,
good whisky," but when \ I i i^^fflH^^iJli My method is recognized
the paper mask is torn J W^MBm^Wliim &7 men of science ev-
away . his own mask / ' HfWOTffl^^^Pil - erywhere as the only
falls, and he is hustled \A % treatment for the liquor
to prison to let iron bars t ( * \ that is absolutely
quench his thirst and //^^SHBffifflW^K" safc and permanent,
confinement cure his I^IS 111111111) H H It cures in Three Days , ;
tiR. J. J. MeKANNi; 14 G^ R^^ir ancisco -
THE OBXGX2TA& AST!) OXTXiT TEEEE-DAY CUBE 7OB THE JLXQTJOB HABIT.
, Open Day; JTUrht ana Sundays. ;. : *
DR. MclCANNA'S BOOK ON ALCOHOLISM SENT ON REQUEST. 7 •ganism and until this was proved be- 1
yond a doubt he could have no faith I
whatever in the efficacy of any treat
ment.
BERLIN, Nov. 21.— The* claim made
by Dr.Mamorek that Professor Mikul
icz of Breslau University had experi
mented with the tuberculosis germ dis
covered by the former with results
proving the healing powers of the se
rum is incorrect. The Breslauer Zel
tung has interviewed Professor Mikul
icz, who In the course ; of talk said he
•had been experimenting with Dr. Mam
orek's serum for seven weeks at the
university surgical clinic on patients
having various forms of • external ; tu
berculosis, carefully following "Dr.
Mamorek's directions.' Most . of . the
cases treated, he said, showed no signs
of Improvement, though in a very few
cases slight ~ improvement was noted.
The professor, doubts, however, wheth
er this was due i to! the serum treat
ment. The experiments will continue
as more time; is considered necessary
to r prove ( the value or worthlessness of
the remedy.
Professor Mikulicz Says No Cases of
Consumption Have Been Cured
s by the Bemedy.
LITTLE IS YET KNOWN
OF MAMOREK'S SERTJM
LONDON,' Nov. 21.— From the opinion
of several : medical men' obtained (to
day respect ing the , new treatment \ of
cancer by. Dr. \ Otto Schmidt | it Is evi
dent tha t there 1b a . general disposition
to believe [ that the method ? should , be
given a thorough test, \ hut 'that mean
while the attitude of the profession
should be one of reserve. .One eminent
medical man summed up the matter In
the f cllo wing terms:
"In curing L any. disease," he said,,
"you first -have td v find 'the cause, and,
secondly,. the conditions hostile to it." .
-He regarded it as* highly probable
that ¦ cancer was due' to some micro or*.
Want Cancer Remedy ; Tested.
HERMOSILLO,. Mexico, Nov. 21.—
General Luis E. Torres, who led the
Federal and State troops In the last
successful campaign' against the Yaqui
Indians, has just returned to,Henno
sillo, the capital of Sonora, after a long
absence in, the City of Mexico, where
he was honored by. General Diaz.
Torres' coming was made a gala day
in Hermosillo and the old leader of the
Yaqul wars ' was wildly cheered while
being driven from the station to the
Governor's palace, where a grand re
ception was held in his honor and he
was; welcomed by the Governors of So
nora and Sinaloa and by all of the not
ables in the capital. Later the public
was admitted and . General Torres met
many of the volunteers who served un
der him in the Yaqui wars. Celebra
tions In honor of the return *of ; Gen
eral Torres will be held In Magdalena
and Guaymas.
" tion From .the People of
Sonora.
General Torres Receives a Great Ova-
CONQUEROR OP YAQUIS
HONORED BY MEXICANS
The sale of intoxicants in New Guinea
has been prohibited by the common
wealth House of Representatives.
NEW YORK, Nov. 21.— The steel
mast of the America's cup challenger
Shamrock III has been presented to the
town of Cape May, N. J. f to be used as
a flagpole. It is 158 feet long. The gift
was made by Captain Barr. skipper of
the defending yacht Reliance, he hav
ing bought the challenger for the ma
terials It contained. '
Shamrock's Mast as a Flagpole.
BERLIN. Nov. 21. — Hitherto there
has been no such thing as a military
interpreter in the German armies. But
the officers are learning less and less
of foreign language% and the need of
one is now, felt. Hence the Emperor
has given orders for a course of lan
guages to be established In the army.
In the corps of the army of the east
Polish and Russian will be taught* iu
the other corps French, English and
Italian. •-- * •"¦;*. » '
Soldiers Must Study Languages.
VICTORIA, B. C. Nov. 21.— The
steamer Riojun Maru, which arrived
to-day from Yokohama, had a very
stormy voyage and for five days she
was rolling from beam to beam in a
gale. Four days ago her steering gear
became deranged and she was caught
in the trough of the sea. She was oa
her beam ends, her port rail being
burled.
It was feared for a time she would
turn turtle. Other than flooding she
sustained no damage.
Riojun -Maru on Her Beam Ends
During a Violent Storm
at Sea.
STEAMER HAS NARROW
ESCAPE FROM DISASTER
A monster theatrical performance
will be given at the Alhambra Theater
Friday afternoon, December 4, in aid
of the California Woman's A
splendid programme has been prepared,
which will include many artists of dis
tinction. A large attendance is as
sured.
Benefit for Hospital.
REDDING, Nov. 21.— The jury which
•at throughout the week in the trial of
John Burbank. charged with the mur
der of Dora Struber at De La Mar July
15 last, brought in a verdict of murder
in the second degree.
Burbank shot Dora Struber three
times, killing her instantly. Then he
turned the weapon on himself, inflicting
a superficial wound. It was claimed on
the witness stand that he and the
woman were wrestling for the posses
sion of a revolver and it was dis
charged.
Case of John Burbank, Who Killed a
Woman, Concluded at Red
ding.
JURY FINDS A VERDICT
OF SECOND DEGREE . MURDER
A single American system, the Penn
sylvania, carried more freight than all
the lines combined in any other nation In
the world.
ST. VINCENT, B. W. I., Nov. 21.—
Euposed changes in West Indian or
nithology in consequence of recent hur
ricanes and eruptions are attracting
English and American ornithologists.
Austin Clark of Boston, who is here
studying conditions of the fauna, has
been exceptionally successful. He has
secured many rare specimens, including
three of the Soufriere bird, the myrar
chusoberi. The first known specimen
of this bird was obtained by Frederick
Ober in 1S67, since which year the bird
has not been seen, although its fascin
ating whistle has often been heard
near the volcano.
Strange Birds Have Been Found
Since the Seismic Disturbances
in West Indies.
VOLCANOES ATTRACT
THE ORNITHOLOGIST
During Captain Brown's residence at
the lighthouse he 'and his assistants
saved forty lives. Some were saved
from capsized boats, some from
wrecked ships. In October, 1874, when
the Rescue went upon the rocks,
nine men were saved by Captain Brown
and his assistants. The last rescue of
note was in 1895 when several men were
brought ashore from the wrecked
steamer Samson. »"/ - >'
The wife of Captain Brown survives
him.
Captain Brown was 70 years old. He
! came to California when a very young
! man. He entered the civil service and
! in 1ST2 was appointed keeper of Point
\ Bonita lighthouse by T. B. Shannon,
then Collector of the Port. From that
time until his retirement from the ser
vice about two years ago he kept a
constant vigil from the bleak height of
Point Bonita.
Captain Brown had been ailing for
several years. On July 1, 1901, he re
signed from the lighthouse service and
took up his residence in Sausalito.
Ever since his resignation Captain
Brown had steadily though slowly
failed in health. The end came this
morning.
SAUSALITO, Nov. 2L— Captain John
Brierdiff Brown, one of the oldest pio
neers of California and for over thirty
years keeper of Point Bonita light
house, is dead.
Special DUpatch to The Call,
SAN DIEGO. Nov. 21.— A dispatch
from Washington states that Senator
Perkins has prepared and will, soon in
troduce a bill to move the quarantine
station from its present location on
ground wanted by the Navy Depart
ment to a new site near the jetty and
outside the harbor entrance. The bill
carries an appropriation of $50,000. The
purpose is to get quarantine away so
that the Navy Department can have
plenty of room for the training sta
tion which will be located here and for
the establishment of which $200,000 has
been laid aside out of the naval appro
priation bill.
Some years' ago. before the Navy De
partment thought it would want or
need a coaling station here, the depart
ment transferred the present quaran
tine site, together with 61% acres ad
ditional, to the Treasury Department,
and now finds that it is the most exact
portion that a training station cannot
get along without. When the bill ia
passed the Navy Department will have
a half-mile of water front just north
of the military reservation on the point.
WAVY WANTS THE I^AUT)
FOB TBAINTNQ STATION
Quarantine at San Diego to Be Moved
to- Another Lo
cality.
San Jose and became a merchant. Sev
eral years ago he was stricken with
paralysis. The second and fatal attack
came this morning. He leaves three
sons.
SAX JOSE. Nov. 21. — George W. Hoff
man, a pioneer miner and merchant,
died here to-dav. aged 78 years. He
came to California in 1S52 and for a
wh!> engaged in mining in Shasta
County. In the early '60's he moved to
Death of a Pioneer.
Former Official at the
Lighthouse Passes
Away.
FORMER KEEPER OF POINT
BONITA LIGHT. WHO IS
DEAD.
CARSON CITY. Nev., Nov. 2L—
Cochle Segmiller, a 16-year-oM Indian
boy, has been brought to this city and
placed in the keeping of Warden John
C. Considine of the Nevada peniten
tiary. He is under sentence to be
h&rged on January 23, 1904, for the
murder of ¦William Williams at the In
dian Creek ranch, about two months
ago. His was the first death sentence
ever pronounced in Lincoln County and
his execution will be the first in Ne
vada for nearly twenty years.
The young Indian and Williams had
trouble over a debt of $5. Soon after
the difficulty Williams fell asleep in a
chair. The Indian secured a rifle and
ehot his victim through the back, kill
ing him instantly. After replacing the
rifle where he had secured it the mur
derer went to the I^as Vegas ranch,
forty-five miles distant. Two ranchers
tracked his horse and captured the In
dian soon afterward. Ke admitted the
killing and pleaded guilty, thinking,
he says, that the Judge would do noth
ing with him. The sentence of death
followed.
Williams was an aggressive man and
had much trouble with the Indians. At
the time of his death the officers had
a warrant for his arrest for being Im
plicated in a shooting affray that took
place in one of the southern counties
•orne ti=e ago.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Nov. 21.— Mayor R. P. Mc-
Lennan sailed Into Dawson October 31
amid the unbroken mass of running ice
and completed the most rapid and sen
sational runs ever made from White
Horse to Dawson in a craft without
steam. The Mayor came In a house
boat and brought with him two brides
and their chosen mates, and others
swelling the number in the party to
sixteen.
The run was made from White Horse
in five days. Considering the fact that
the last three days of the run, from
Selkirk down, was made amid masses
of running ice the time and the success
of the craft are remarkable. The scow
ran day and night and was not
aground, once. Numerous steamboats
and scows were passed hard aground
at different places because of low
water. The scow was covered and in
closed in true houseboat style and
manned by six sturdy men engaged
especially for the trip.
The term "co-operative craft" might
be appropriately applied in reference to
the scow. It was bought and outfitted
at White Horse by ten men, including
the Mayor. The interior was supplied
with bunks, mattresses, tables, stoves
and other living accommodations. The
craft was escorted from White Horse
to the Yukon crossing by the steamer
Casca, and from the crossing made the
run to Dawson alone..
One of the newly married couples
was Mr. and Mrs. Van Curren of Los
Angeles. Van Curren will engage in
business in Dawson. Mr. and Mrs.
Lamb of Sulphur were the other newly
wedded people.
Special Wspatch to The CalL
Cowardly Killing of a
Rancher Sends Youth to
Gallows.
Mayor and Two Newly Mar
ried Couples on the
Yukon Trip.
Execution Will Be First
in Nevada in Twenty
Years.
Adventuresome Passen
gers Reach Dawson
After Perils.
YOUNG INDIAN
DOOMED TO DIE
BRAVE THE ICE
IN A HOUSEBOAT
BONITA'S
OLD CHIEF
SUCCUMBS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1903.
27
PBAXJEKS I . PBAGEBS | PBAQEBS _| PRAGESS
LEATHER. GOODS. Green Trading Stamps Given With ART GOODS.
$i.5o_Fitted automobile bags with leath- All Purchases Made at This Store mqom^? 11^ a ,• *
cr or chain handles. They come in Saffian • ¦ ¦ • ¦ ¦ - - $2.39, $3,79 and. $4.40-A hn^ of
leather, red, blue, green and black, and in wal- A <fo i drummers samples in finished cushions.
rus in black, tan and gray • Some embroidered in flowers, scrolls, etc.,
$1.5O— Half size auto shape in walrus Iggf Jm } and others are of burnt work. Finished with
gilt, nickel or gun metal frames. Colors, tan, MT 1^ A^Mi, ' J& cords or ruffl^,« ? «. 11 cxce P tionaI bargains.
black and gray. Each is fitted with card case gS»-"ll W^sBI 18W tfj^lil£& vk t. U^ ION TOPS ;
and coin purse. £11*^ sit 0 All ii H Wf H * 7^S I ' each— Cushion tops ready to make up.
CHRJSTMAS CARDS AND CALENDARS. mT # {& I T&8&^'&Z*<Z£r>rSt£.
<, for .>c_-Christmas booklets. Others up fc i »-»arA«^2^tf»w*w »*A va» V» » regular $1.00 tops.
toSoceach H. • AOVAYSTaEIjAaLE # r CK<KHET SLIPPERS.
4 J L^rfiiS^Thl^ rt r l^ lto | Pl238-lgS0MARKETSll^^ J?J& a &£* mu Bgautiful patteTP>
Unsurpassed Values in 500 Women's Newest A Sale of Reduced
Dress Goods and Silks Winter Suits at a Winter Domestics,
HERE is an assortment of goods that SaViflS Of OllG Hdlf. T HE col<1 weather has stimulated "buy-
is particularly appropriate for the WaY< "5 V * w**** * IW *' \ ing in this department, and to give «ur
i «** - have arranged these
than a few yards of these goods w" will f ne m Preparation for spring business. There FLOSS PILLOWS.
cut and lay aside any piece of goods chosen £? "hu" 8 fc ? »i, C T B SmLU These cushions are made with the best.:
and will issue a merchandise order for it. ing ' wluch wc wlU share mth vou t°- morrow - grade of silk floss; very full.
BLACK DRESS GOODS. ?14.95_A fintaisortment bV^ suits in every up- 15S""1 S 7 X \ *%T 2 * ** «.
i?l.OO a yard— Black Thibet suiting; rcg- to-date style and of fancy mixtures and plain che- oo»"~il Z y ™' r««~^c t 7
ular $1.25 value. viots; long and short coats, blouse or straight -*Je— 20 by 20. COc—26 by 26.
$1.25 a yard— Black broadcloth; worth front, with or without capes; skirts are made instep CORDED ARABIAN CURTAINS.
5 1 -50 a yajd. length and with train; regular $25.00 value. $2.45— Regular $1*0 Arabian curtains
91. 50 a yard-Black Venetian cloth; $17.45 and ?17.05-Beautiful tailored suits of $2.O5_Reg3ar US Arabian curtains'
worth $2.00. fancy mixtu-es and Lymansville ch'eviots, in all the #3.50— Regular $5 00 Arabian curtains*
50c A YARD COLORED SPECIALS. latest colors. Collarless straight front coats trim- $4.50— Regular $6.00 Arabian curtains!
, ., ,. o . , _ , med with Persian bands, also pleated coats with : -^ ~ „ _ ,~*.. _ *
33-inch zibehne. 38-mch Scotch mixtures. belt . skirts are either wa i k i ng O r dress length; COMFORTERS.
3S-mch granite. _ 38-mch albatross. worth $27.50 and $30.00. 91.35— Silkoline covered heavy quilted
-on Mo nH°fti C nrt a v Ki WAISTS. comforters filled with pure white cotton;
oOc, Guc and $1.00 a yard— Navy blue 91.25 and $1.45— Fine flannel waists in all worth $2.00. ;
cheviot and serges; 38. 42 and 52 inches Vide. colors; many pretty styles to be found; worth $1.75 $2.OO— Fine twilled sateen covered .'coo-
SILKS. ;-:^.'; and $2.00. ' forters: worth $2.7*5.
59c a yard — 19-inch black taffeta silk; , ¦ SKIRTS. $5.00^ — Sateen covered pure down corn-
guaranteed makes; 75c quality. $3.95 — Rainy-day skirts of fancy mixtures and ; forters.
75c a yard— 27-inch black taffeta silk; plain colors; worth $6.50. . BLANKETS.
guaranteed makes; regular $1,00 quality. $12.50— Three styles of absolutely new and $4.00— Best California blanket made* for;
79c a yard — 20-inch black peau de soie; correct spring models of black voile <lress skirts. bed.
' worth 95c a yard. They must be seen to be appreciated. $5.5O— 1 1-4 large double blanket- worth
$1.OO a yard— 24-inch black peau de soie; RAIN COATS. $7-5O.
worth $1.35 a yard. $19.75 — Fine coats, either for rain or shine; $7.5O— 13-4 large double blanket; worth
f 91*00 a yard— Soft finished surah; 24 made of fancy mixture cravenette with fancy collar $11.00.
inches wide; suitable for mufflers; regular and cuffs; strictly military. We show this exclu- $1O.O0i — 15-4 largo double blanket; worth
$1.25 quality. ¦ <?/! sive model to-morrow for the first time. $14.00.
Winter Footwear A Saving in Millinery , That Should Clear Entire Greatest Handkerchief
at Prices That Please. . Department of Entire Stock. Sale of the Season. "^ .-;
SOME new lines of shoes for TP O-MORROW we will open the way to lecure one of the new- 1 9c FOR 4Oc VALUES.
dress and everyday wear ' 1 est winter style hats at less than one-third the regular selling (Monday and Tuesday Onhr
at prices that mean a big prices. Our reputation and reliability insures a rare bargain in t APPF n,«nt;»« «f *„
saving. evcrv purchase. Early buying will give the wider selection. J\ j-akuii quantity of cne
$2.50-Walking boots for worn- C^ Sft Turban of reseda green velvet; shirred edge and fancy ** £££ lace^Lertion
en; vici kid, patent tip, medium ex- H>» •***' crown. Finished with a knot of mahne and white aig- and tucking cdj . e . w in' be on e
tension soles, fair stitch and Cuban — — rc »es. Former y $10.00. ,,_.,, . \ to-morrow and Tuesday only at
heels A lar e e » beautiful dahlia velvet hat edged with mink fur, trimmed , -.„.. rt-Anrtlnn Th*«? l,i n A
$2.30_\Vomen's fine dress with Oriental lace and velvet. One of our own patterns. Worth $12.00. kerchiefs have been sold over our
shoes; glazed kid, patent tips, lace, ; White maline hat with facing of velvet and white satin braid. A counters at "aS For the
light flexible soles and military long white plume falling to one side. Worth $11.50. next t davs thev mav be had
heels; all sizes and widths Handsome black beaver plush turban; "Continental" shape. It is f or 19c each
£1.00— Children's lipht box calf trimmed with pompon and aigrettes. Formerly $12.00. ' NEW* CLOVES
shoes; lace, heavy extension soles <P C f\f\ Brown beaver plush trimmed with tips and brown a t . rirnr ,^ tf . ae ««lX^7««. «f -itv
and spring heels; sizes 5 to 8; <|>O.UU satin ribon. A most becoming hat. an 5 ? lw,, • f K
$1.25, sizes 8J4 to 11; ?1.5O, Turban of white astrachan with crown of lace. Fin- Sceiied b?^ Th^.r?»!MS
misses' sizes, ntf to 2. . :. ished with fancy quill. """* *LZ' J\ V a }
l?a.50_Men's box calf or vici Navy blue beaver trimmed with navy blue plumes and satin ribbon. 5*£ e fn J^ " * ?„„?,: .tS^Z
kid shoes; lace, medium or heavy A stylish hat for a miss. - Jwi? V, ? P « 5* 7i I k
extension soles. The best shoe for Black chenille turban with large black military pompon and side fSi t«ml T« .Ti Jw. ? * 1PS
the value ever offered in this city. bandeaux of velvet. Very dressy. * v v and^come^n *£**
The Green Stamp Cigar Has Had Of Interest to Women and Children MEN'S HANDKERCHIEFS.
a MOSt Remarkable Ran. qr HEY are all excellent values and m demand 12^c_Initial hemstitched handkerchiefs,
7 for 25c ,- s for 50c. 1 * h . e E rea *«t at this time, so that the bar- part lincn; Iarjrc size , iaitial niceJ worked 7
Box of 50, ?1.G5. S ains are doubl y valuable. boxed by the haIf dozcn; 70c a b^
A Green Trading Stamp attached to the CHILDREN'S WEAR. SUSPENDERS
band of each dear. J J£ m \T^£™ l^ "tP^-
turned collar and cuffs bound with fancy velvet S^nrtSS' ?*? W i bmg; a
C ftmo R/irA PKanrOC Six large fancy buttons down front We have | large assortment to select from; worth 50c
OUIUC 1V.U1 C V/I&aXlWUd them in navy blue, tan and red. , %\n excellent —
for Men's Clothing, Ivg^.^^ The Big Sole of
N^^^^TZrlS^. Boys' Snits Continues
k * The low prices that are made save _ ' rA lxr KNrr , UNDERWEAR. J :
buyers considerable money. $l.oO— Women s heavy woven Australian ]\/f ANY parents were unable to take ad-
SUITS lambs' wool vests and French band pants; fin- JLV1 vantage of the unusually attractive
««i«i '-.o \ w,cr \m «f ' c^^^^.c t,«r«» ishedseams. Non-shrinkable. Natural and white. bargains in boys' clothing last Sat-
sp^s In ha"d tafcd HAND-MADE ZEPHYR GOODS. S*^ tS °l *'* Slexnency 2 of the
throughout, serjje linings, hair cloth fronts 9L5O— Square shawl of fine Shetland yarn, T f * „ * S / * r* C ? U> ! d
and that new broad chest effect; these gar- raised shell pattern. Finished with a deep at a very low figure from one of the lead-
ments are equal to custom work in every fringe. Black and white. mg retail clothiers of this city and offered
detail; not a suit in the lot worth less than ' f uch a S rand opportunity for our customers
<2ooo SDecial offer to save money that we opened the sale last
.20.00. bpecialo v £ R TOV DPft't Saturday To-morrow the offer will be re-
$7.S5-Blue^e R y C b°oxToat, cut 40 inches, A ***» l *£%*** '" eC ° a ° m7 CZimOt *
long and nicely made; good durable linings BOOKS. *1.90— Two-mW* «wft« «f ««?
and serviceable velvet collar; worth $10.00. BSc-Blue. yellow, green and red covered books material- mtttv~SStern? are! 8 ftl i<5 ™
?S.(J5-A rich shade of Oxford cheviot cut of fairy .tales; cloth bSund and beautifully illustrVt- none worS less S2?£v£* * '
50 inches lonjr: very full and hangs grace- ed. Special. '. «•» 4«t_rC« «:lt- .T-ZT r / u •
fully; extra well tailored; good linings and . DOLLS. and wor^e"d^ a'Ss 8 £16 vL^n$?¥?£
tri £ m V n n e A : TT^ V 2OP V ST , , • doll with composition body and and ™<£ *" * "' "^ feS °
vi* ?t7Jl S ?tu ( Ch ; ' ' head: of bisque; sleeeping eyes, long curly haTr and $3.4ff-Two-oiece suits of strictly pure
blpe and black kerseys, black Thibets, tan co- i ace stockings. Special woolen cheviots, cassimeres and tweeds- am
Shfj^sgle^^presintef C ° rrCCt '^ M *M "^^^
Some Special Values In 1
Walking Skirts and Suits I
l A Off Regular Prices 1
$£.00 Cloth Skirts, assorted colors ; . . $3.50 I
$7.00 Skirts, assorted tweeds ...... $5.00 §
S8.00 Cloth Skirts, assorted colors . . . $6.00 S
$9.00 Mixed Tweed Skirts ........ .$6.50 |
$15.00 Suits, assorted mixtures, blouse |
jackets ..... Y ..'... $9.00 g
| SEE OUR WINDOWS. | |
«* Wholesale Manufacturers o
fr.- 1142-1146 MARKET ST. |
ADVEBTISEKTENTS.
THE VALUE OF CHARCOAL
Few People Know How Useful It Is
in Preserving Health and Beauty.
Nearly everybody knows that charcoal 1» the
eaf#ft and most efficient disinfectant and puri-
fier In nature, but few realize Its value when
taken into the human system for the same
cleansing purpose.
Charcoal Is a remedy that the more you take
of It the better; It Is not a drug at all. but
eln-.ply attcrbs the gases and lmprrlties al-
ways crercnt in the stomach and Intestines
snd carries them out of the system.
Charcoal sweetens the breath after smoking,
drinking or after eating onions and other odor-
ous \t-K?tables.
Charcoal effectually clears and Improves the
ccrcplexlct. It whitens the teeth' and further
acts as a natural and eminently eaf t cathartic.
It Lt»>orb« the Injurious gasea which collect
In the stomach and bowels; It disinfects the
mouth and throat .from the poison of catarrh.
All druggists sell charcoal in one form or an-,
othtr, but probably the best charcoal and. the
most for the money Is" In Stuart's Absorbent
Lozenges; they are composed of the finest pow-
dered Willow charcoal and other harmless an-
tiseptics in tablet form or rather in the form
of large, pleasant tasting lozenges, the charcoal
being mixed with honey."
The daily use of these lozenges will soon
tell in a much Improved condition of the gen-
eral health, better complexion, sweeter breath
and purer blood, and the beauty, of It is that
no possible harm can result from their con-
tinned use, tut. on the contrary, great benefit.
A Buffalo physician in speaking of the bene-
fits of charcoal says: "I advise Stuart' ¦ Ab-
sobent Lozenges to all patients suffering from
gas In stomach and bowels and to clear the
complexion and ourlfy the breath; mouth and
throat; I also believe the liver Is greatly bene-
fltted by the dally use of them; they cost but
twenty-five centi a box at drug e tores, and al-
though in some sense a patent preparation,- yet
I believe I get more and better < charcoal . In
Stuart's Absorbent . Lozenges than. In any of
the ordinary charcoal tablet*.
ADVEBTISESIIENTS.
A Starting- Story VTiich -Will Interest
AH VTlo Are Short.
Tie Heirkt of Eiticr Sex Can Quickly Be
Ircreasei froxa Two to rive Indies.
These JC&rveloas Besulta Can Be
Accc»plis!ied at Koine Wltb-
out the Knowledge of Tour
asost Zatimate Frlendi.
The Free Book Tells You
All About It.
MR. K. LEO MINGES.
i Investor^ ec'.entlst* &cd phy«lcJ*3» haTe for
M. t-f been tnlng to Snl tozs» method wtereby
t-* he!xht of am i&divido&l could be increased.
and ua to the last few years have met with
fahcre. It ren-.m.ia*a for a comparatively
•j ur-c man. Mr. K. I>o Mir.ges by name, to
tflyocver wtst t>> many others had failed to do.
Mr. .'•'. -ff t resHcs in Rochester, N". T., and
has d^vcted the best rart of his life In study-
:•"- and fi;-»!-:--r.;;rf on the Cartllaee, and
hi* creat eCorts have at last bees crowned with
rucces*. A larpe company, composed of
Itochester'g lea-Jinc cltireas, has been formed
for the purpofe of placing Mr. Mlngec* dlscor.
ery and laventiens before the public, to that
new it is possible for any lady or gentleman
who is *hort to increase her or his height from
two to flve inches. These results are abso-
lutely guaranteed.
Mr. Mlcges has successfully u*ed hia method
en himself, and has troirn from a short,
(tusted bey to a handsome, robust man of six
feet oae inch In height. Thousands of people
lii-inc ia all parts of the world are mir.t his
method with <>qually as startling results. Let
u> send you the absolute proof of the abore
etatement*. AVe have Jurt Issued a beauti-
fully illustrated book, entitled "The Secrets of
How to Grow Tail." which contains Informa-
tion that will surprise you. Ten thrusand of
these remarkable hooks will be given away ab-
solutely free of charge In order to Introduce
them, if you fail to receive a copy, you will
slnavs recret iu Tfcl, great book tells how
Mr. Minc*« made his wonderful discovery.' It
tell« you how you can Increase ytwr helrtt and
tmlld up the entire system. . It contains the
pictures and statements of many who have
csed this method. After you receive the book
rou will thank us the longest day >ou live for
having placed within your reach this great op-
portunity.
Reaember, a postal card will bring It to
four vtty door, all charges prepaid. All cor-
fY'-ondene* strictly confidential and sent In
Jf.-a envelopes. If you wish a free copy of
UiiS book and the proof of our claims, write
o-day. Address The Cartilage Co:. Dept.
Rochester. N. Y.
I Helplea*. PhyucaJ and Financial rajSerno loncer fl
|Forirformation.writ« SAN LUIS HOT SUL-fl
Lphur springs. San Luis obispo. CalS
; OwingtOithej:ongrested r con-
. dition of freight traffic be-
tween 'this city and Ogden, the
: art; ' supplement, "Boderigo,"
advertised .to '.-be '. given away
free with to-day's issue of The
Call, will be replaced by.on« of ,
E. B. Maes'] eel ebrated poultry
studies, "The Orphans,^ andit
: is hoped that • "Boderigo" will
arrive in time to be Issued with
next Sunday's Call.Pioneer Rea Will Celebrate.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 21.— Thomas Rea. one
of the best -known pioneers of thl3 coun
ty, will celebrate his eighty-third birth
day at his home at Gllroy to-morrow.
Rea came to California in 1850 and moved
toGllrov In 1853, where he has resided
ever since. He is the father of James
W. Rea, "the well-known politician, and
was one of the first to assist in the-or
ganization of the Republican party In
this State. Rea has served the State ias
Assemblyman and also was Councilman
and Mayor of Gilroy. He is one of .the
wealthiest men of the county. At his
birthday to-morrow there will be - six
children, fourteen ¦ grandchildren and • one
great-grandchild. : . .
NEVADA, Nov. 21. — A man named
John Burns attempted to commit suicide
in Blue Canyon Thursday night. He was
found in a water shed there yesterday
with his throat cut, the windpipe being
severed but still alive. When discovered
Burns had suffered much loss of blood
and the wonder Is that he survived. A
razor was found at his side. He is in a
precarious condition, but there Is some
hope of recovery.
Cuts Throat to End Life.
A search warrant was sworn out and
the grain was found in the barn, some
of the sacks bearing the private mark
of the grain company. Graves is now
out on bail. James Collins, the ranch
foreman, is an ex-convict, having re
cently served eighteen months in the
Oregon State penitentiary for embez
zling lodge funds. The affair has cre
ated a sensation here.
MODESTO, Nov. 21.— G. R. Graves, a
prominent undertaker of this city, wa3
arrested this • morning on a of
burglary in the warehouse of the Has
lacher & Kahn Grain Company. A
warrant was also sworn out for James
H. Collins, an employe of Graves, but
he has disappeared. ££&.
Some time between last Saturday
night and Monday morning the lock
was forced from the warehouse door
and twenty-seven sacks of wheat were
stolen. Wagon tracks in the soft soil
led from the warehouse to the ranch of
Graves.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
It was learned that when Treasurer
McDougald was about to assume office
two years ago he was ready to furnish
a personal bond in the sum of $100,000,
but Mayor Phelan. who was then in
office, insisted that McDougald furnish
a bond of a surety company. Phelan
had in mind the defalcation of former
Treasurer Widber when he exacted a
surety bond from McDougald. The lat
ter could find nothing In the charter
requiring the giving of a surety bond,
but complied with the wishes of Phe
lan in that regard, and gave a surety
bond which costs him ?500 yearly.
The charter appears to make the ap
proval of an official bond by the Mayor
and Auditor purely a ministerial affair.
The provision in section 3. article 16,
of miscellaneous matters refers espe
cially to personal sureties, as follows:
"Sec. 3. City and county officers shall
rot be accepted as surety for each
other on official- bonds. Every bond
shall contain a condition that the prin
cipal will faithfully perform all official
duties then, or that may thereafter be.
WANTED SUBETY BOND.
Dodge was recently notified that the
premium on his bond for the same
amount would be 5200 yearly, or 5800
for the term of four years. This
amount is exactly double the sum here
tofore paid by Dodge in premiums.
Dodge rebels at this exorbitant rate
and will escape its payment by secur
ing two citizens who are well able
financially to Insure the city against
any financial loss it might possibly
sustain through any action on his part.
The reoent combine formed by the
surety companies to raise the premiums
on bonds furnished by city officials
caused Assessor Dodge to declare yes
terday that he will file a bond with
personal sureties to cover his term be
ginning January 8 next.
The exaeifans of the surety concerns
have become so burdensome that it is
likely that other city officials will fol
low suit, and result in a considerable
loss of premiums to the companies.
Assessor Dodge is required by the
charter to furnish a bond In the sum
of $50,000. During the last four years
Dodge has paid to a surety company
which qualified on his official bond the
sum of 5100 yearly as a premium.
Dodge has therefore paid out 5100 for
the protection guaranteed by the surety
company.
"Sec 4. Every surety upon an offi
cial bond, other than lawfully autho
rized surety companies, must make an
affidavit, which shall be Indorsed upon
such bond, that he is a resident and
freeholder in the city and county and
worth in property situated in the city
and county, exclusive of incumbrances
thereon, double the amount of his un
dertaking over and above all sums for
which he is already liable or in any
manner hound, whether as principal,
indorser or surety, and whether such
prior obligation or liability be condi
tional or absolute, liquidated or unliqui
dated, due or to become due. All per
sons offered as sureties on official
MUST MAKE AFFIDAVIT.
Imposed upon or required of him by
law, ordinance or this charter, and that
at the expiration of his term of office he
will surrender to his successor all prop
erty, books, papers and documents that
may come into his possession as such
officer. Such bond must also be exe
cuted by two or more sureties, who
shall each Justify in the amount re
quired for said bond; but when the
amount of the bond Is more than $5000
the sureties may become severally lia
ble for portions of not less than $2500.
When there are more than two sureties,
such sureties may justify in an amount
which, in aggregate, shall equal
double the 'amount of said bond.
NAPA, Nov. 21.— At a meeting of the
board of managers of the Napa State
Hospital, held Thursday night, the po
sition of steward, held by J. M. Palmer,
was declared vacant and ex-Postmas
ter Friend of Oakland was elected to
the place.
Palmer, though a Democrat, held the
position for the past twenty-eight
years, through Republican and Demo
cratic regimes alike, and has always
be«n regarded an honest and capable
official. The removal is made now to
make rcom for a Republican, which
Friend Is. The change has been under
consideration, for some time, but until
the last meeting Palmer had the sup
port of enough votes on the board to
prevent removal.
At the f e-sslcn of the board held yes
terday Charles Poole was removed
from the position of engineer and J.
McDonald of San Francisco was elected
to the place. Both changes have caused/
considerable comment in Napa.
The woman at first swore that Hulsa
and a third man aided Outlaw McKln
ney in the fatal battle. Later she de
clared in a newspaper interview that
she had perjured herself and said
Hulse was not present.
The prosecution to-day devoted most
of its efforts to the impeachment of
Ed Potter and John E. Caldwell, who
swore to an alibi for Hulse yesterday.
Charles Badger, an electrical lineman,
testified that he saw Hulse a few min
utes after the shooting when the two
witnesses declared he was in their
company. Badger, however, said he
was alone. George Carlisle, a street
car motorman, saw Potter and Hulse
In conversation the morning of April
19, but it was about an hour before the
shooting. " :
William Forker, superintendent for
the Jewett & Blodgett Oil .Company,
was on Chester avenue about 10 o'clock
and saw officers going toward the joss
house * before the battle. Hulse was
then on Chester avenue, but five min
utes later he was gone. David Scott
saw Hulse on Chester avenue between
9 and 10 o'clock, but a few minute3
afterward he "was gone! Scott was on
watch by the Crawford saloon, where
Hulse claimed to have been until the
fatal battle. He was not there during
this period.- John Collins was around
the Crawford ! saloon during the en
tire iime the defendant claimed to be
there, but did not see anything of him.
' BAKERSFIELD, Nov. 21.— The evi
dence In the Hulse case closed this
evening without either Jennie Fox or
Hulse himself, the only living eye-wit
nesses to the details of the tragedy, un
less, indeed, there was a third man Im
plicated, taking the stand.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLUSA, Nov. 21.— A- strange young
man stepped up to the Constable at
Maxwell yesterday and said:
• .' A couple of fellows have planned to
rob a saloon and a store In this town
and they have forced me to agree \to
help them, and we are to do the Job
to-night. I will be with them, so If
you lay for them don't shoot me. They
will first enter Tolson's saloon. They
already have keys to fit the door."
Constable Carpenter Immediately'se
cured % other officers and last night they
secreted themselves In Tolson's saloon.
After waiting: until nearly 2 o'clock and
when about ready to leave they heard
footsteps, then a key slipped into the
lock and the door was opened.
The burglars went to work on the slot
machine when they were surprised by
thW" officers and after a hard fight one
of the robbers was shot in the legs arid
captured. The other was captured this
afternoon at Colusa Junction and
lodged In the County Jail at Colusa.
Special Dispatch to'Tha Call.
Will Take Steps to Escape
Exactions of Surety
Companies.
s'tolen Sacks of Grain Found
on Accused Resident'3.
Ranch:
Bakersfield Trial Ends With
Much .Conflicting Tes
timony.
Democrat, Who HeM a Posi
tion for Twenty-Eight •
Yeare, Ousted.
Authorities Hide- in Saloon
and 7 Fight With
Criminals.
Friend of Oakland Gets
Place at Napa State
hospital.
Well - Known Modesto
f Man to Answer Bur
glary Charge.
Whereab Duts of Out
law^ Friend During
Fight Unknown. V
City Officials Chafe at
Paying Exorbitant
Premiums.
Young Stranger Tells
Constable Plans of
Robbers.
STORIES CLASH
IN HULSE CASE
DODGE TO GIVE
PERSONAL BOND
POLICE ARREST
AN UNDERTAKER
EX-POSTMASTER
NOWA STEWARD
INFORMANT AIDS
THE OFFICERS
CHILD EXPLAINS
HER FALSEHOODS
TORRENT WHELMS
A NOTED COWBOY
Serious Charges Mad©
Against a Father
Unfounded.
Jack Anderson of Round
, Valley Drowned in a
Stream.
Parent Released From Jail
After Wasting Coin for
Defense.
Foolhardy Effort to Cross on
a Horse Ends in His
Death.
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
TACOMA, Waah.. Nov. 2L— At Colfax
to-day Clara Sellers, 13 years old, who
charged her father, A. Sellers of St.
John, with a Berious^crlme, confessed
that she had lied and that her father
is innocent.
Sellers has been in Whitman County
Jail since April 20 and was to have been
tried to-day. At the preliminary hear
ing held last April Clara swore that her
father had committed crime. To-day
she told Prosecuting Attorney Hanr.a
her that the testimony was false; that
her father Is innocent, and that she had
concocted the story in revenge because
he had whipped her severely. The girl
Insists that no one prompted her to tell
the story. She says she recently Joined
a church and now realizes It Is wrong
to He.
Sellers iru released from the County
Jail to-day. He Is 50 years old and has
borne a good reputation. He sold his
farm and spent all his money in prepar
ing his defense and is now penniless.
His wife died four yars ago, leaving
four children.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COVELO, Nov. 21.— Jack Anderson,
the noted vaquero, was drowned to-day
while attempting to cross a tributary
to Eel River. Anderson had been to
Covelo, having come here. early in the
day. The heavy rains hadswollen the
waters, and about 4 o'clock, when he
started for home and came to the river,
he found it verv high.
At first he dared not attempt to cross,
but after considering for some time he
concluded to make the attempt. His
horse seemed to swim and breast the
water bravely, but when he reached
the center of the stream he failed and
horse and rider went down. The horse
came out 200 yards' below, but the rider
was seen no more alive.
Scores of Indians and whites have
been searching for the body and late
this evening it was found on a drift
some two miles from where the acci
dent occurred.
Anderson was considered a brave
among the Indians and a great pow
wow will follow mourning and dancing
for the repose of his soul. "
POLICE THINK THEY
HAVE A MURDERER
Man Arrested Who Tallies With De
scription of Slayer of Sheriff
Young.
HELENA, Mont.. Nov. a.— The Helena
police' have arrested John H. Dugan, be
lieved to be the man who killed Sheriff
George T. Young of Park County, desper
ately wounding Under Sheriff Better and
killing a man named Beaver in Novem
ber, 1901. Young was grand master of the
Ancient Order of United Workmen of
Montana and his murder created a pro
found sensation. His murderer was chased
over, the eastern part of the State. Dugan
answers the description and is said to
have admitted the crime to two compan
ions.
Stanford Parlor's Ladies' Night.
The following is the programme of,
entertainment that will be presented
to-morrow night in Native Sons' Hall
at the "ladles' night" of Stanford Par
lor of the Native Sons of the Golden
West, the elite parlor of the order of
this city: "The Dixie Girl," selections
from the "Prince of Pilsen" and
"Laughing Waters," by the orchestra;
bass solo, Frank Thompson: soprano
solo, Millie Flynn; violin solo. Hugo
Poheim ; fencing quadrille, by Miss
Elsa Tolon, Miss Anita Murray, Miss
Bertha Lanzwert and Miss Rod a Starr;
the singing comedian, George Hamilton
Ryan, In specialties; duet from "II
Trovatore," by Belle Thorne-Perlet and
Harry Wood Brown, the parlor magic
by Wanek, the wizard. There will be
dancing after the programme.
Court Inter Nos No. 18 of the Forest
ers of America, one of the most so
ciable of the order In this city, has is
sued Invitations for a grand ball to be
given in Union Square Hall on the
evening of Wednesday, December 2.
Joseph J. Harrington is the chairman
of the committee of arrangements,
which will do all that can be done to
make the affair one of .the most pleas
ant of the social events of the winter
given by a court of this order.
A Forestic Ball.
Californians in New York.
¦ NEW YORK. Nov. 2L— The following
Calif ornlans are registered here: From
San Francisco— F. M. French, at the Im
perial; Mrs. G. A. Proctor, at the Grand
Union: J. L. Brobst, at the St. D«n!s: G.
H. Laverson, at the Cadillac; D. Marx, at
the Imperial. From Los Angeles— Mls?e3
Bard. Miss M. B. Bard. B. B. Bard, at the
St. I>enls: W. E. Deutsch, at the Broad
way Central; J. H. Thurston. at the Grand
Union; T. Donovan, at the Baxtholdl.
THE SAN FR A1S CISCO c3AL,Ii, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1903.
Road to the Big Basin.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 21.— A meeting of the
local Sempervirens Club has been called
for next Saturday at the Courthouse.
The object of ,the meeting Is to promote
the building of a suitable, road from this
city to the Big Basin. With the construc
tion of four miles of road the people of
this city will be able to drive into the
big tree park. The route has already
been surveyed. An effort will be made to
raise tho necessary money for' the work
by subscription. ¦ -0 ¦
ELIZABETH, N. J.. Nov. 21. — Five
firemen were seriously injured in a 5175.
000 fire in the Donner Furniture Com
pany's building in this city to-day.
bonds may be examined on oath as to
their qualifications by the officers
¦whose duty it is to approve the bond."
Under the foregoing provisions it ap
pears to be clear that personal bonds,
If conforming tew 'charter requirements,
must be approved by the Mayor and
Auditor and no doubt other elected of
ficials besides Assessor Dodge will take
advantage of the sections noted.
Only nine men have been hanged In
Kentucky In the, last five years, although
there have been 79S murders.
COLUMBUS, Ohio. Nov. 21.-The offi
cial vote on the recent election in Ohio
was announced to-day by the Secretary
of State. The total vote cast was 877,203.
Myron T. Herrick's plurality over Tom
L." Johnson for Governor was 113,612, . the
highest ever given a gubernatorial can
didate in Ohio.
Herrick's Plurality Enormous.
Forty-Twiner Called by Death.
SAX JOSE, Nov. 21.— George W. Hoff
man, a pioneer of 1849. died at his home
in this city this morning. He was a na
tive of Germa'ny and 78 years of age.
When 14 years of age he came to Amer
ica. He went to sea shortly after and
for eleven years followed the life of a
sailor. In 1S44 he^was in a vessel that
came as far north as Mazatlan on the
Pacific coast. At the discovery of gold
he started from New York for California.
Until 1863 he followed mining and then
came to San Jose, where he engaged In
the : nursery business. A number of
grown children survive htm. Three years
ago he suffered a stroke of paralysis and
had been an invalid ever since.
28
ADVERTISEMENTS. : i rr« T
FOR ALL FAMILY ILLS IS THE FAMOUS
It is the best known and niost popular family medi-- "We would urge all! sickly people to stop experi-
oine<ever compounded, and has been used in thousands menting at once and commence taking the Bitters,
of homes throughout the country, during the past half You'll make no mistake if you do, for prominent phy-
oantury, with wonderful success, due to the fact that sicians everywhere never hesitate in recommending
it always cures. Then no home is complete without * it, especially in cases of Sick Headache, Insomnia,
a bottle of the Bitters in the medicine chest. Flatulency, Bizziness, Heartburn, Indlges-
Itis perfectly safe and reliable and is recog- tlon, By sp®ps§a, Gon&tipatldn, Biliousness,
nized everywhere as the "sick man's friend." f r ~7'~gSL ". Chills, Golds or Malaria^ Fever and Ague.
you need it to strengthen tide stomach, to 1 |§|| It positively cures these ailments, as hundreds
stimulate the Siuor ansi kidneys, to restore I Jllll of S ratef ul people have voluntarily testified.
the appetite, and to tuild up iffo® rzstd-down 1 __
system. Why not try a thottSe at once. It j -ZE=BELICATE ANB AIUNG WOMEN
has cured thousands of sufferers from stomach, j will also find the Bitters very helpful, as the
liver a^id bowel complaints in the past and cer- weakest stomach can easily retain it. It will
tamly won't fail you now. . \ §|| Jw£ build up strength, promote regularity, and
¦ ¦••••• -——r^— prevent Naua&a, Bio sting, Cramps and
urmr i* inminMi* mmniim, IIIS^ Fainting Spells. \ Don't take any other medi-
EERE IS CONVINCING F^fBBFs MM&MI cine until you have first tried the Bitters. It
!. ACICERMAN, NEV/ YORK, N. Y, sayo: "I am pleased to recommend your Bitters, for It cured m» 1 ScliyHHE^^^^Hyl ~_ 4 11 p^^ -*^»fl-* £*., *-**QB JT9 «*..*«*« ?«r> 4- te%
ef^toepl.. Indigestion and Conrtfpatlon." - 1 PHlgm Will please JOU. FOP £&£& U^ all UrUggtStS.
DR. HAEBERLE, KANSAS CITY, MO., cays: "I have u«od your Bitters for Locs of Appetite, tndlso*- i BWBfl^^S^MSBjjBKga / .. __
tion, Dyspepsia and lntomnla, and believe It la without an 8 B!^PmfiBBfil55^MaMfil HES^ pa"* (^^^ B JP9k 1 fi^l S^*
equal. I always recommend it." | BwG|^^@« * at^^M^*^— ¦ ¦ ¦ — ¦
R. H. SCOTT, INDI ANAPOLIB, IND., s.ys: "I suffered for a long time from wrak kidney*, but your | m^S^^^^M Hostettcr's Stomach Bitters is sold only in bottles, seoirely sealed, with our Private
Eitters cured ma, and I heartily recommend It." | Stamp over the neck. If your dealer offers it to you in bulk, by the quart or gallon,
T. C. CORNELIUS, NEW YORK, N. Y., cays: "1 have used your Bitters for stomach complaint, and B Har . REFUSE IT. FOR IT I§ COUNTERFEIT, and if you *vill kindly SEND US HIS NAME
found It very beneficial. All sufferera should try It." ¦ ' you will confer a great favor. THEHOSTETTER CO., Fittaburg, Pa.Napa on a special engine and Drs. Hen
nessey, Leach and Upton were soon in
attendance. The Ief t leg Seas amputated
at "the hipbone. This morning Hogan
was taken to the Southern Pacific Hos
'pitalUn San Francisco. It Is doubtful If
he «*'aVi recover and it Is a wonder he was
not killed outright. He Is about. 20
years old and has relatives " living ' la
San Francisco.
Say Fare-well to Ezabassador.
* LONDON, Nov. a.— United States Era.
basaador Choate and Mrs. Choate. Secre
tary White and Lord Mayor Ritchie and
the Lady Mayoress, were at Euston Sta
tion this morning to bid farewell to Sii
Henry Mortimer Durand. the new Brit»
ish Embas3ador to the United States
who sailed from, Liverpool for New York
to-day on the steamer Etruria.
Washington Departments Issue Or
ders Concerning' Affairs in States *
of the West. r
"WASHINGTON. Nov. 21.— The follow
ing, orders have. been Issued: /<
Postofflce established: "Washington—
Arden, Stevens County, Alexander Far
quhar, postmaster.
Postmasters commissioned: Oregon—Jo
sephine Ringellng, Chloride.
Washington— Minnie - Hutton, Catlin;
Charles A. Andrus, NIghthawk.
Fourth-class postmaster . appointed—
Katherine D. "Woodruff, Merced Falls,
Merced County, vie* Miriam F. Spears,
resigned. . , , , ' , .,
Army orders— First Lieutenant \ Henry
F. Hanigan, Fifth Infantry, relieved from
duty in the Department ot. California May
1, 1304, and will then Join his company.
-The followinjr officers, will leave San
Francisco for Manila by commercial line
OP INTZBEST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
steamer about December 1: Second Lieu
tenants John' J. 'Burlelgh, Twenty-second
Infantry; Augustine A. Hofmann, Fourth
Infantry: Henry^S. Brinkerhoff xJr.,
Fourth Infantry; Fitzgerald S. Turton,
Twenty-second .Infantry: Edward E. ; Mc-
Cammon, Twenty-second Infantry; Philip
Remington. Twenty-second Infantry..
Beappears After Wife's. Suicide.
CHICAGO. Nov. 2L— A .telegram from
Thomas. Eagan. formerly, of Chicago,' but
who was said to have disappeared mys
teriously in 'Brooklyn, announces to , his
relatives In/ 1 Chicago .that he la on ;*his
way back .with the bodyiof his wife, who
is said to have committed suicide because
of his disappearance. Eagan, . who - Is a
printer, " disappeared from, his '- home in
Brooklyn two * months ago, leaving his
wife and al5-months old son." Mrs. Eagan
committed suicide on Thursday, night "by
inhaling-' gas.* Her infant son, was found
dead by, her side. YEagan's; relatives deny
that he deserted •- his * family.
"Want* an- American Cardinal!
NEW- YORK,* Nov.- 2L— A. great strug
gle is going on;.' says a ,Rqnie^dispatch to
the TrUbune, to! have an 'American Cardi
nal chosen* at* the ' next . consistory. Senti
ment -is becoming more" favorable toward
Archbishop. Ryan, j } ¦ ' 7 : , v
:.: vHALF BATES % OK
THANKSGIVING; DAY.
On ; Thahksrivinir. d»T.* November 26, the Cali
fornia Northwestern i Railway wm sell : . tickets
to aa^polnts/. exceot |»abwrhan,^ at half . rate*
or one ' fare for the 'round trip, "with limit of
retain • Friday.' the 1 27th. j .-.< ¦
-Tickets will be on; sale at Tiburon . ferry en
Thanksgiving ' day." " : "V . •.
conversion. ; -\
The better prospects, in the
market have, been in fayor of the bond
market, but prospects of large addi
tions to .the Jlst of railroad- bonds Jias
been a deterrent influence" on buyers.
United States 2's declined %, and. the
V% and the old. and new 4'a 1%, per cent
below the calling last weel
United States Steel has been affected
also by the discontinuance of the pro
cess of conversion of preferred stock
Into second mortgage bonds. The
course of the preferred stock has been
downward during the conversion pro
cess In spite of the demand for accum
ulation by the syndicate for the pur
pose of conversion. The disfavor felt
toward tfce creation of a security, of the
preferred stock with the exclusive
privilege of conversion In the syndicate,
ccupled with" the unsatisfactory condi
tions In the trade, ..steadily overbore
the demand for absorption by the syn
dicate. Therefore the preferred stock,
and In fact all, the securities"- of the
corporation, rallied sharply on the an
nouncement of the completion of the
quirements have been met for crop
purposes as well as emergencies for the
financial troubles at Baltimore, Pitts
burg and St. Louis, without disturbing
the tranquillity of the money market.
The opinion is now growing that funds
may become plethoric In New York by
the turn of the new year.
On the Industrial side attention has
been centered on the iron and steel
trade and the affairs of the United
States Steel Corporation. Advices from
the trade show continued uncertainty
as to customers taking hold at the
price reductions already effected : and
an expectation that the decline In
prices Is likely to extend. The reduc
tion In export steel freight ra^es ac
corded by the railroads, while prom
ising to facilitate the export trade, is
looked upon as concrete evidence of
poor prospects for domestic -trade and
the lower level of prices at which busi
ness must be done to secure foreign
trade. The effect Is looked for In rail
road .earnings also. Gross earnings of
railroads, while holding above those for
corresponding periods . of last year,
show a progressive decline in the ratio
cf increase. For the first six months
of the year Increases in railroad gros3
earnings^were at an average rate of
nearly 14 per cent- For August the rate
of increase fell to 9 per cent, for Sep
tember to 7 per cent and for October to
a little over 5 per cent. The rate of in
crease thus far In November for a
smaller number of roads, reporting is
above 6 per cent.
CHICAGO. Nov. 21.— Alexander Wurs
ter, a veteran ¦" German theatrical man
ager, lies critically 111 from a stroke of
paralysis at his home "in Waukegan.
IVuster retired -from.- active business last
summer, when -he celebrated his fiftieth
year on the stage while conducting: a
theater in Philadelphia.- He t for years
conducted German theaters in Chicago.
Cincinnati, St. ' Louis and other large
cities.
Theatrical Manager Stricken-
NETV YORK, Nov. *L— The appellate
division of the Supreme Court has de
cided that the trustees of Columbia Col
lege are empowered to. Inherit the resid
uary estate of Stephen Whitney "Phoenix,
who died in' 1SS1. The executors found
that the bequest was worth $331,000. The
college* has come into over $131,000 of the
estate In bonds and securities. Some of
the heirs contested on the ground that
the college, under its charter, cannot hold
real estate with an income exceeding
$20,000 a year.
Columbia Will G«t "Estate.
ST. LOUIS. Nov. 21.— The indictment
against Joseph J. Gillick, a member of
the Democratic County Committee from
Caroridelet Township, was dismissed In
the United States iDstrict Court to-day
by District Attorney Dyer. Gillick will
be the chief 'witness against "Al" Mor
row, Governor Dockery's stenographer,
and Thcmas L. Barrett, formerly Mar
shal of the Circuit Court at Appeals, with
whom. he was Jointly indicted on charges
resulting from the naturalization frauds.
Gillfck is understood to be willing to
tell the full story. Assistant District At
torney Norton 'spent to-day- completing
his preparations -for the opening of the
Morrow-Barrett trial Monday. -
Joseph J. Gil lick Dismissed on the
Charge cf Fraud and Will Ap
pear Against A. Morrow.
WLLL GIVE STATE
EVIDENCE FOB FBEEDOM
FRANKFORT, Mich^ Nov. 2L— Judge
Chittenden's charge to the Jury In the
Thomas perjury case in the Circuit
Court has caused a sensation because
of the court's caustic criticism of Gov
ernor A. T. Bliss. The Governor re
cently pardoned Deputy Game Warden
SpaSord of Cadillac, who was convict
ed of manslaughter at Frankfort. The
case arose from the shooting of a fish
erman -who, it was claimed, had resist
ed arrest when Spafford caught him in
an alleged violation of the State fish
and game laws. Spafford's pardon was
practically simultaneous with his con
viction, His friends followed up their
advantage by charging that Thomas
had perjured himself to qualify as a
Juror In the Spafford case, and Gover
nor Bliss, In extending clemency, al
leged that it was a packed jury that
had convicted Spafford! In the Thomas
case Judge Chittenden ordered the jury
to bring in a verdict of not guilty.
"This whole proceeding, so far as the
pardening of Spafford is concerned and
the arrest and detention of this re
spondent, Thomas, is a burlesque upon
decency, justice and fair play." said
Judge Chittenden. "I consider this case
an act of persecution rather than prose
cution, placing the administration of
Justice at a disadvantage in this coun
try and rendering powerless the func
tion of the court by the blind interfer
ence of the State's Chief Executive."
Judge Chittenden has disregarded the
pardon of the Governor on the ground
that the document was not legally
drawn and executed and has ordered
Spafford to appear in his court to-day
for sentence.
handling cf the situation was required
to avoid an upset of foreign money
.•r.arkets, which might affect unfavor
ably the best markets for our prod
ucts. The cum of over $S,000,000 In gold,
which has been taken from London
during the week is not to be supposed
to represent the satisfaction of the
trade -balance in our favor. The res
idue is accumulating to our credit in
foreign markets. The purchase In New
York by bankers cf exchange bills for
investment is a process of lending by
New Ycrk to foreigners In effect. Com
petent authorities estimate that the
r resent volume of our Indebtedness to
foreigners is less than for many years
past. In contrast to the high level of
Fuch Indebtedness cf $400,000,000 within
two years past. Much cf this liquida
tion has been forced during the painful
period cf violent declines in the stock
market. The transformation thus re
vealed in the money and exchange
markets has had an inevitable effect
en sentiment in the financial world.
There was a time early in the year
when anxiety ever the resources of our
money market was euch that opinions
were heard that nothing but a failure
cf crops and the resulting tightening of
requirements on the money market
could save the market from a money
panic On the contrary, normal re-
With the exception cf October. 1900,
-his statement shows a value of exports
and in excess value cf exports over
imports greater than any previous
month cf the country's history. The
rise in value of cotton exports In Oc
tober cf 518,000,000 over those for Oc
tcber last year accounted for this. Enor
mous experts of cotton have continued
M'P to the present time, foreign consum
ers being influenced by the fear of an
other comer in cottton in this country.
At the present high price cf. cotton it
:*s 'evident that the marketing of the
7-reser.t crop will create a vast total of
credits to be liquidated for the United
States by foreigners. The declining
course cf our imports end prospects- of '
expanding iron and steel exports are
additional factors to be reckoned with
in estimating the future of the ex
change market. .The heavy require
ments thus thrown upon foreign finan
ciers have admonished the financial
world that delicate and considerate
r.rematicnal exchange situation, in
iuced by the publication of the for
eign trades statement for October.
yrprc- YORK. Nov. 2L— Trading In
g^^ vrzs of very desultory character
to-dar azi tta resxxlts in tlie way of
;ric - c v -3^S<*s •were not Important. The
—^5 tase tvas one cl depression, but
tie zzzsixt made a considerable re
ocTery axd closed firm. The publica
tjea zi assertions tlatt the passing of
tie dividend on United States Steel!
LL i nil stock and the reduction of that j
oo *is preferred stock had been decided J
epoa induced rew selling of the United i
tales Steel secarities, forcing the pre- \
furred stock more tnan a point lower '
a=<5 the second bonds nearly a point, i
IScth rallied in the late recovery of the !
market. The bank statement was an
tier discouragirg factor. The loan ,
. ;-traction amounted to 52,S20,700. The
vieposit account was further contracted
by shrinkage cf cash reserves of $3,- (
747,500, so that while the reserve re- ,
quireinent was reduced to the extent of ;
$1,520,425, the surplus suffered to the;
extent of J2,:27,07j, bringing^t down to
S3.aU,S50. A year ago there -was a sur- ;
plus cf $13,515.2^. and tiR o "years aeo of
$14.4SS,9C3. The course of the money
market makes a little obscure the re-i
rovery la foreign exchange. It is now
evident, however, that the accummula
tion of exchange has In view the re-
Qulreiaents for the payment of $40,000.
000 to the Panama Canal Company in
connection with the settlement of the
canal Question. It is to be noted also
that the value cf imports of dry goods
sr.d merchandise at New Tork this
week have risen $1,?00.000 over those of
last "week, while the exports of grain
for the w?ek are nearly 300,000 bushels
1p55 than last week.
Prices of stocks have turned upward
this week, in spite of some unsettle
i-ent at times. Transactions have been
largely in professional hands, and for
the most part devoted to covering of
short contracts put out on the previous
decline. The most effective influence in
turning the market was the realization
of the very favorable position of the
Cottcs Exports Ara Heavy,
Foreigners Fearing a
Corner. v
Criticism the Outcome of a
Case in Which Perjury
Is Charged.
Michigan s Executive Is
Accused ..of - .Abusing
Pardoning Power.
Downward Tendency
Augmented by Bank
Statement.
JUDGE SCORES
A GOVERNOR
STOCKS WAVER
BUT CLOSE FIRM
cident. . ...
j'NAPA, Novi 21. — Pat Hogan. a brake
man on a . freight train . that runs , be
tween Sulsun and South Vallejo, , met
with a terrible accident ' last evening at
Napa Junction. ; He was setting a switch
in front* of the station when his ' foot
got caught In- a frog of the guard rails.
Before he could give warning the engine
backed . up and passed over him. • His
left: leg. was terribly crushed and man
gled aad was almost severed . from the
bod y.*$3p|8PWSBflmBP9nB>$P9VMfl
The injured man was hastily taken to
Bailroad Employe Loses One of His
Legs as Result ;Cf an Ac-
FREIGHT TRATTT rSJTTBES
. TVTATST CAUGHT 'IK TtATT^
OGDEN, Utah. Nov. 21.— "Word received
by the Southern Pacific = here
definitely fixes the drivlne of the last
6plke on the Lucin cut-off at 12 o'clock
noon on Thanksgiving day. The spike Is
a golden one and will be driven by Presi
dent Harriman. Afterward the spike will
be drawn, suitably engraved and given
Into Harriman's possession. Tha Weber
Club of this city Is preparing to entertain
Mr. Harriman and the other guests. They
will be met with a band and entertained
with a musical programme at the lake.'
The club Is endeavoring to -arrange for a
grand bananet at one of " the camps on
the lake near where tne ceremony Is per
formed, v ;. "
Ceremonies WHl Mark Completion of
f. - vthe Lucin Cut-Ofl in ... ,
XTtali.
PRESTDENT HABBITVTATT
TO DBIVE LAST SPIKE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1903.
29
£31 JB& 3 /? Every wosiaa covets a
loss of their girlish forms
All of this can be avoided,
however, by Jthe use of Mother's Friend before baby comes, as this
great liniment always prepares the body for the strain npon it, and
preserves the symmetry of her form. Mother's Friend overcomes ail the
danger of child-birth, and carries the expectant mother safely throagh
this critical period without pain. It is woman's greatest blessing.
Thousands gratefully tell of the benefit and relief desired from tho
use of this wonderful . "
remedy. Sold by all fig JgT A (5 B __
druggists at |x.oo per BWS ff&Wfnk&^B^ J5|
bottle. Our little MW& WU? &BS §2 *£& **
book, telling all about _
this liniment, will be sent free. gl^T «a MjfPSb i&& 0*3
Th Inmi fegilitar Co., Atoafa, Ba, M BS&bB€B
GSAPE-2TCTS.
BOTH FEEL
What Proper Food Do«s for Both
Ml rid and Body.
Physical health, mental health, in-
deed aJraost everything rood oa this
earth depend "In great measure upon
proper food.
Without health nothing is worth
while, asi health can be -won almost
every time by proper feedinr on tha
scientific food Grape-Nuts, .
A California trained' nurse proved
this: •Three years ago I -was taken
"ery sick, xrar work as a trained nurse
havinr worn me out both In body and
mind, and medicine failed to relieve me
at alL After seeing a number of phy-
sicians and specialists and retting: no
relief I was very much discouraged and
felt that I would die of greneral nervous
and physical collapse.
"My condition was eo bad I. never
imagined food would help. me, but oa
the advice of a friend I tried Grape-
Nuts. The first package brought me
so much relief that I quit the medicines
and used Grape-Nuts steadily three
times a day. The result waa that with-
in six months I had so completely re-
rained my strength and health that I
was bade nursing again and I feel the
improvement la my brain power Just as
plainly as I do in physical strength.
"After my own wonderful' experience
with Grape-Nuts I have recommended
!t to my patients with splendid, suc-
cess and it has worked wonders in the
cases of many invalids whom I have
attended prof eEsionaUy." Name riven
by Postum Co.. Battle Creek, Mich.
Look in each, package for a copy of
the famou* little book, "The. Road to.
Wellville."
; JOE BOSEITBEBCPS. ,\ . * JOE BOSE2TBEBCFS. j; JOE BOSEXBEB(FS. } JOE BOSEJfBEBG'S. \ JOE BOSEJTBEBG'S.
TH A'lUK^filViWfr^ GENUINE FRENCH \ 1^^^^
i ni^niwUi v ;twy kid glovesv • • • ¦ — — /^g
*A/¥*I?1C Y^|iPi& 4iOO #^?TA1 I^TV ftQ^ C^rYX* Ead* r iwte*andcoulda*iVofc*T. «Y 3£^
v V HyiL/Ejfe x^S Six * UDA^l I i VP^ v^-vy « sh * waEted tilia * s ot * nch !rico asd | /J^i,
..it ra *ffi^< BraE-'- \ . -. • . vi That "poor Peter w*a almost wild. \ l<S^~j£,
Sp^^lSilfa^iilaSba T'V/i .S5cr«*B&5&sl^?! *** *l * _±j^k=^ ETireia! At last h« found the plac* N^r^'^
2^~Vs. » '«"rtrf^^n^^^^^^l —~~*r\ S**t^ %?&£& Where there are bargains la ribbons and wjTvT""!^
£< ;.,_JV— — mi ¦ iiiiiiMitmi 'ita'i.M * "Xy^^^ii * LM wife has now all thi^fi la barjfaias
J '^ J<t^ : g ;tl - U^~ WV%> • -I. . (f f/ Vs. /3Nv4n Tne is ont— it's tha price-cutter's V^V^^
¦¦ "^ ¦¦Ml* W »>•¦¦%¦ i W %r *#*•*»« j[ SB III W IPIIMW ]f%^ ¦ the face; chenille dotted and piain: "Tli\~~^)
?'_!" " ; - . ¦¦'-¦\*'' , _ • •; .. - „. —^ . — , <ftBl S 27 to S6 inches long. Remnant, each 'I \
For some 6f our so-called competitors when they find out what we are selling Stewarts Gloves, ijsKujVA 1Oc
the old reliable kind, for. Made of French kid, patent two clasps, stitched on* the back with three B ?o?SJ 8 7^ B ? P lSSheV'tidSf SSS J^^
rows of embroidery and over-seam stitching. In white, gray, mode, tan, beaver; also black. Sizes, >^p^V||p. . heavy, washable, in pink. blue. red.
No. sVz to No. 8. We bought them" from an importer who was retiring from business. Our New {J-SrK xi^Ss^cT^SS: alovSL-^e JhS^
.York buyer is always looking for snaps for us. ;_'.vj- %^vjfll g a te^t W! t^-cias d X °stitched W 'backI' YL Vb 3^
And here is one for you. Do not judge the. quality by the low price. They have been sold as f §»rice ...r.T^.???'. ?. Pair 25c ' I n//^\
high as $i.oo and,$i.25 in .this city and New York. If you are not in need of them now, why not i3K»/* ' :L^f s ' heSmchS Si Sd S3n S C kei
buy them and lay them aside for the holidays? -. - jgj&i&y flounce. Our price.... .50c
Ladies, we are willing to pay your carfare to the store and back if after seeing V^«^
them you do not think they are bargains at this price. Such values as these, only to be 5=^^l^5 y^~^^^ i = 5*$^£ -D . {^'"* 4 3&
had at Joe Rosenberg's, the Price Cutter, fcr such a price as this. /^^^^^^^^/V^^^^^^S^S^N^V^^ <J^^^\^l
Economical Women To Those Who Make Real Hand-Made Best News in the Paper To-Day %41*^ \j^'v5_'
who have visited onr bar- Battenbsrg Scarfs or Tidies. Is T abo T ut ,, o " r , c a °H T-Ifi^r^, m^n.i xje^jjc^
fcata basement are more than -rr • • n Ladies - and Children s .friannei-
piea.ed with the exceptional , that w? wui ?"? Ga^ ent fT M , ade j£ our /^J?h' B a on Time Monday There Was Never a Time
fsrreater values than ever. We J^ITJfefes. £,V *i,m \~*i* ?« -^m^rr^i LADIES PETTI- new waists. trv _ rt a _ it ls to-dav This i3
have added Will Jacob.' com- £&$$£&&& fcTi^U COATS — Made of Here i3 one made of V^ »ee of fashionable comfort,
plete .ample line of dolls. E^.^« S- «rt^?« «v l .\lv]'U striped flannelette, fin- Imported French flan- //\ " d *S« ieV^ota of fasMoa to
that we oonffht at a liberal J^^S^^>^ S tn i^'£ i r c ' I w , e "*- / ' 4 MfP^ ished with a deep fi^JlAjV nel - finished with six «#\ and the ota °- ra Ja »
reduction, for less than the ik£>!*sS&gi&ift DOYLIES— bix *#:**%!&* flounce. Price ...19o tucks down the front. J " dlv f.^;° •
whcle-ale price. They are f^U*S^' nf heart "'(1^ fTiltSXSSL LADIES' PETTI- ><^^^C * up-to-date V^ CORSETS C/^C/^T^
tasal^SSaJS' S^.-piLf^ -lss'^H^I'SS SSJSiliS
or'dbabiM' extr a heavy linen center and trimmed LADIES FLANNELETTE SKIRTa At p j Cutter's Sl.OS genuine whalebones; made of the best
or.a eaoies. _^ , with a seven-inch wide hand-made Bat- ¦" —In colored fancy stripes; nnished «™««.8taucrs .. ox.ua imported material. Price-
25-cent qnality .*^' c tenberg- lace. Price 79c with a deep flounce; trimmed with fl. m »m/i»i.'' J3.5O and S5.OO
50-ccnt quality «w»e m - VVT? r»c or rttpf\tt SCARF wide torchon lace. Price 4oc nememoer crrrrrc TtrqTrr a\t» m? roit\(
75-?«* 4«my 4r,c 20 R ln^ wide and 54 incheslonl, in CHILD'S FLANNELETTE GOWNS A rood bar^to from a rood .tor* fofXH^slemJef fi^?es^Ve?SSS
51*0 quality ooc scro n and Duchess lace desi&n. "When —Made of fancy steam-shrunk medi- LADIES' PETTICOATS — Made of ed. reversible, light in weight, invisible
K- n '* i~ .— you see them y° u wiU appreciate their cated flannelette; rolling collar, tailor- silk nnished sateen, in fancy colored when worn; in pink. blue, white and
TOU Can. t Imagine real worth .«i2.^."» stitched cuffs: also trimmed, . with plaid designs, trimmed with a deep black. Price.... 50c
Wliat Good Handkercnief Off«rinr« BUREAU SCARF— Made of import- br ? ld * ™ 1,^7. JS rEr l S ,, S °° C * accordion pleated flounce, also dust Sala OTarrftU-Street Xntrancew
These Are ed lawn in tambour and open work LADIES* GOWNS— Roll- ruffle. Bias folds and- tailor stitched gransuawm .motiico.
r.i M^t tT-nrr. ?>,« i««tt,« Irish point effects. Scalloped em- ing collar, scalloped and silk seams. Silk in look, but a great deal w , u . Dim mm ,- o-,;™.
A /£**, h!T L.inn^/whJj ?°«£ broidered edge. 20 inches wide and 54 embroidery trimmed; double ,, fi| longer in wear. Price 81.30 "^ Not Be in the Swim
®V J&WL te£t KlvDKPRraiEFS inches long. "At the Price Cutter's. 2oC y^e; fancy striped flannel- *{ 2*2^ And ret some of lai» wMta and
*StoS&SlM are made. Here are a , me>TS roW\S- Made o^ WS&&A Som * Ver y Preii Y Neckwear, "^ I? 01 ** dot a -
few of the many: . Ladies Bound -Garters. «tr?T^i flT^n^i/ttP- Aai tw caaaot Women of fashion are wearing them.
iPrS? CHILDREN'S HAND- eZ^C^ Always acceptable S ar tod bel^^ but £££ Made ° f aU sUk / a f la ta "^ f^*?'
I KERCHIEFS - Made of gR&g^ and especially for [rimmed, withpocket on the f jjUTf cla?, them »t ?he«e gwS !*?£ Pricf "? P "Oc
r^^" S» lefenr^h °li %^ h He^ if"' beaut, f^^^^^f.^Toc " AND : COLLAR A^-STOLE^
Price. 3 for oc or 19c a doze.n a * er on ,^ ua them for . They ire show- yoke, trimmed with ten rows of silk in star, ring and Made of Arabian lace, in Arabian color
LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS— Made room samples. Made of fancy filled stitching; neck and sleeves trimmed Grecian design3. At the Price Carter's in round effects, with the new straight
of sheer Shamrock linen; U-inch wide [{jje and v s u k elastic, with different with a scalloped ruffle, silk embrold 3Oc front stole. At the Price Cutters....
hem; hemstitched; with a neat, small styles of buckles set with amethysts, tred; in solid colors. Extra full in LACE OVERCOLLAR or RIBBON »!••*»
handmade initial. Unlaundered. Just pear i<a rubies and emeralds. width and liberal in length. Reg- PROTECTOR — Made -of Point Gene • _
as they came from the loom. You will $ 5 Quality at the Price Cutter's.. 17c ular price J 1.2 5. At the Price Cut- lace in pea rl and pansy designs. Cushions.
more than appreciate their value and 40c quality! at the Price Cutter's.. -.1e ter's Disc Now Oc It be many
low price xuc 50c quality, at the Price Cutter's.. 3oC • . , , . » V EMBROIDERT OVERCOLLAR — All — — —^ moons again b«fox*
GENTS' HANDKERCHIEFS— Made Actresses and Acrobats. i n one piece, in openwork scroll de- Sj *¦*.£**? yon wiU buy «i«sa at
of extra heavy Belfast linen; full size; . - - Why Hot ,. \v e have just received, on signs. Our price, apiece 3c >^" as low prices aa
in different widths of hems; I«i4 c • of otir Bainy-Day Siirts? - 5J>) last night's express, a larga . . tt S - ;, -~-*
a P Ieceor #1.25 Per dozen J*J t e proper thin? for thU time *^£j shipment of tights. The per- Belts • WtU ¦»*
GENTS' HANDKERCHIEFS — Made O f the year Ours hanr and nt as they JVZSS? fect-fltting kind, with-- feet, /^«gB^!h=J covered wltli extra
of Irish lawn, hemstitched, with a silk ahonld. • , double heels, double toes. Are In greater de- m£amamt a^B^- rtrcnr dotJi:
embroidered handmade initial. A box "via.de" of ""Enelish wool' eolflne. also .-V spliced feet. In black and - lt^^ raand than ever, and i«xl 6 inches 12i4c
of six for ; ...COC imported chfviot anTl homespun In ¦ \ pink. At the Price Cutter's. jg~£&&S2± here are some for your 18x13 inches "Oc
the latest flounce effect, tailor stitched. Sl.To %7,-afevj.jJ new TbanksyiTtor 20x20 Inches
._- -aAnommA mBTa¥B»n«tw» n ± j n j u/l m Predicts that it is ffoingr to be a rood gun metal clasps and slides. Price. 25c v ui'it u r j ei j t it
*.™ U^,. Customers and Beaders Who Appro- winter cf the old-fashioned kind, and 5 tadi ES - belts — Made of extra You Will Have a Good Story to Tell
wS'off" Sm a tne%a£. B w!y. *** w " i cate Good Laces at Lo*r Prices m 1 * »— a ™ <* «~* nad «- hi^?Se5S£ B enr»JdS.;l SS if You Visit Us Monday.
¦v CHILD'S WRIST BAG— w Here are some. POINT Here's a sample of the way we are *?, A 1 J , sr i?^r " *?2, vf,^V M T^I CUSHION TOPS — An odd lot made
*Made of pressed leather. JjSk DE GENE -ALL-OVER m St r *o sell the ?ood kind- stitched; hard enameled buckles. Price on a^ t denim and la Coral
with a patent steel frame. <?££ . LACE OR NET, in ser- . f °£* T rL?" 1 ""^ tt™' o{ steam . o0c scroll and conventional designs. Real
• also chain; coin rJurse in- ,^M pentine and floral de- .^ A,T«t™itan «7^i 2«-i« rihbS ,., « * t «^ • ,. .-. f worth 20c and 25c; reduced, to close
side and lined In moire. In /&$gh " i?n " Irl ccru and whUe ' h^eh ?eck and lone^eves" !i v hfte Can Look Straight in Your Eyes out. each oC
blue. tan. brown and black. %^Mf Pr * c r e ••-- • »3c a n >^ Jnd naturat PaSfs made f of same And tell you that yon cannot buy (No Kail orders filled o 3 these, be-
Pric , e ••'•^ •;;••• •'•/-• 5c tlt&z£h r frr op WItpi\v qualitv as above, with French bands, rood WINTXB HOSE at as low cause we -fcnow there will be none o$
AUTOMOBILE BAG— f^J^f^} \i AC L . C °H KBBl , N( - r ~ ankle "length. Price. . -50c a garment .prices as these: them left by the time we open the
Made of patent Levant &MyT \^ Full IS inches wide; in f fnTFS* VFSTS— Made of steam- LADIES* HOSE— maiL)
kid; band-sewed and lined \%H I rinsed, -and ef- . . ¦ - IES__ \E Je « "g^.- Made of imported cash- wKgg^. N
with a silk-ftntstied iining; ! *^" fec , ts : /, ast * he lace ??, r ¦ h^ &ek^Sd lonl sieeves- in Ly or mere, full finish, good foam^ Wf . *„ */.„__ C-^.-'/r-J
patent steel clasps with .extra strong T7*^- v 1^ waist trimming or mil- _ i^. 1 ? e^ nd to nfatch French bands width and »beral-^;5g5^ We Are Never Satisfied
¦ chain; purse inside, wlih patent clasp , «„ hnery purposes At tne ftrlki^l^nath Prto 4'," caiment length: stainless black. "%%£&? "W^ w^t we save our enstcaen.
same as bag. In brown,, green, red and Price Cutter's , li 95 c yard - a »"f^5"|^^™^"r^ c * S _„! ' A preventive against «§££ but are always striTinr. to do better
black. Our price... i. 50c ALL-OVER,, SILK-EMBROIDERED .,, LADIES VESTS— High neck and chlIWains O r cold feet > T lor them— «nd invariably succeed.
LADIES' AUTOMOBILE. SHOP- CHIFFON— Full eighteen inches wide: ¦ "-J?"5 fi^'w 3 '- £%£<, knit Pants to when you wear these. 'gTitf* H ere are some ribbons *-
PING OR CALLING BAG— Made of in leaf and floral designs. In black ,?L p^nch banL and anklp len-th Our price . .^5c a pair ._ of the good kind that you
Morocco leather, oxidized; clasp and and^^ white, j^Real worth J2.25 a- yard. ¦•^ t " &> *? enc .. D anas "CHILD'S HOSK— Made of steam- will be proud to wear at £jft&
chain. Patent clasp, set with large Thanksgiving week SI. 50 r fn'rpo'' vpVtqIm art* nf «» M m shrunk Australian wool; Jersey rinbed; your Thanksgiving dinner. ?^i>
rubies; also purse to match. Real 1500 yards of NORMANDY AND B u^VA^tri^ian woof hieh neck and fast black and soft as velvet. Al*sizes And we are proud that we VSgfe
worth. 11.50. At the Price Cutter's POINT DE PARIS LACE-From 3 to f^ n^ e^s i^sey^ka^s^iU^y at one price *. 25c can offer them at suca
SI. 15 7 inches wide. Loaf, tulip, coral and flTuh Pan's or tl*hts to match In low price3 - iy
floral designs. The good washing kind. nf n S w hiteCTav black and blue At You Cannot Acoreciate the Worth PLAID RIBBON— Made *lJ
Wise Ones . jg^g, «g *»**• « , U ,«» < JZ y T^Jt P^!^o^Zi ' %S^^S^lS\SS: J&
Know where to ro to r«t a Uttle bet- . q r £ rms-rov " n^ tllti '^» LADIES' VESTS— Low neck and no ROSE SUPPORTERS AND ABDOM- £^t desflnV*Alnara finish" tt^9
*¦* rJf sjt^sjtssa MzM^fBttzM ##fil^?^ sa^asra^r^rtt^J"- ¦ffepsrie&n'SS-***, ?&
VMU moreen. Double accordion -*uc a yara .^. . clasps. In pink. blue, red and black. ,"**¦"•' i&o
>t*?S. pleated rufH»s: bias folda ; „ . V, _ „ o,_. Mnne nf Thntp Tnwn-Talked Instead of 40c, at the Price Cutter's. .
Jfg* and tailor stitched bands. Here's a Good Story Some More ot l hose /own- ta/xea ins 25c Hosiery Tha{ ls a Comfort Wear
iiSifiF Liberal in width; all ,^^11^. Of a sample line of LACE Headed Lnams • perfect-fittinr kind-
Mf P^^m A PUS. n n S:iS€lS a^SSSs^^
at &l.oO \P3jSBf thing handsomer than I J larpe tassels, in green and /M H ,,° ! . . T . _ T _^. „',„ , r . •••— oc
W«ff lh « e to enhance the beau- V J white, blue and white, amber I t\\\ I-ull three and a Quarter LADIEi HObE — Made of extra
Umbrella Offerina K^3 J >' of your Thanksgiving V-T and white, and other combina- '* 111 I yards long. Made of siik-fln- thin ?auze lisle, double soles and
umurciiu vucuny Ry&Ks dress Madf> of AAbian I tions of colors Price them I ill I ished yarn, extra heavy tas- spliced heels. Stainless black. Prices
That cusrht to briar you here early Point " de * Gene and Venise • elsewhere. Then come to us fia«l! sels; in different combinations that you will lOta when you ne*
Monday mornlnr: KjEJ Lace. Come in ecru, white i\ t and you will flnd that the Price %4j£3 | oi colors. V. holesale price, them, a pair 25c
GENTS' UMBRELLA, with natural KSSf and beige. No two alike Cutter i3 never undersold. /V^sS I *3.oO a dozen. At the Price
wood handles. German metal trimmed. |SKW We bought them at 25 per Price Sl.OO eLfr^V Cutter's 19c each Worth B*adina
the Price Cutters 5Oc the same way: 1 »fa I Bi Si £" H HB d BS !¦ .- 1 fl L ,W^&*&^3 Tmv
LADIES' UMBRELLA, with elabo- 50c Lace Collars, now 35c L IJi|\i3|silaliaB«l«a r^r^.^r- A. I - rTf - rk IS&L/TQM keep ' - s? SbboT ?n
rately trimmed handle with pearl and 75c Lace collars, now 4.1c c | 1 3 H IB I I ¦« F U H I U ifl § I PPIPF-PI TTFP W&JS&i plrf«f condition
coin metal in fancy design, steel rod and n . O o i >a ce Collars, now «5c 001- lilJlJtilliJ&aB&U I l\lbL UU I I Ll\ «^T?> aro'-d* t4 neck 5
hf^k also tassel Collars with Stoles and Revers: W • " ' also a foundation for making fancy
SSfiS^SSdSSiiaSSi.TS \&^±$!mim 8I6 Market Street II OTarrell Street . SfflS%J^-J, I W*SS- c £
the Price Cutter's -.,.81.00 $2.00 quality, sample price. S1.45 " MAIL OBDEBS SOLICITED. . ers •••••- »C
Owing to the congested con-
dition of freight traffic be-^
i tween this eity and Ogden, the :
* art supplement, ; "Boderigb,"
advertised to be given away
:fre« with today's issue of The
, Call,, will be replaced by one* of
E. B. 'Maes' celebrated poultry
.studies, "The Orphans,"" and it
is hoped that. "Boderigo"^ will
arrive in time to be issued with"
- next .Sunday's Call." 1 ; •READERS of the Examiner of November 10 were im
pressed by the fact that it was not the. Congress of
the United States that met in Washington the day
before. On the contrary it appeared that President Roose
velt had called William Randolph Hearst to meet in special
session to attend to grave affairs of state arid .legislate .for
the United States. Mr. Hearst made this plain 'in -all. of his
papers. The galleries were crowded to see him meet and or
ganize himself. He said in his own papers that when he
appeared in answer to the President's proclamation "all eyes
were strained" and the thrill of a great 1 sensation' passed
down every backbone. ¦ • . ¦¦¦> ',,':. \_ : J> ,
One of his California admirers read the thrilling descrip
tion and wrote to the Colusa Sun: "Hearst is to-day making
the administration look for cover and he will make a bright
page of Democratic history within the next fortnight.'-' :,
Time .will be called on Tuesday and men are getting
smoked glass through which to read that dazzling page, i But
meantime what is Hearst;doing? The supporters ¦ of Presir
dent Roosevelt are not yet convinced that he made a mis
take in tactics, by calling Hearst in special session to give
him the chance. to make the President run to cover., The
President on the contrary seems" to be doing business in the
open. Since Hearst met Panama has been recognized,' a canal
treaty made and the completion of that great work brought
nearer than it ever was before. .We are credibly; informed
that all the Cabinet ; officers are still on duty. and ; that ; the
public revenues . are being : ' Collected and disbursed and not a
cog in the wheels of Government is idle or rusty. All of the
Democrats in the House but' ten voted for Cuban reciproc-
WHAL'S THE ' MATTER WITH HEARST ?
The redwood lumber manufacturers of California have
chosen a woman to plan and supervise their exhibit at the
St. Louis Exposition. This particular woman, having com
plete and sympathetic knowledge of the subject, becomes the
surest pledge that the redwood lumbermen of California will
have the most complete and most artistic exhibit of its kind
r A Cuban 'Adventure.
BY HON. WAUHOPE I/TN>*.
<Ex-Juflge of the Fir«t District Court of New
York.)
This story does not deal with any ex
perience of mine as Judge or states
man, but of a period of my life when
I was a young— a very young— and
very inexperienced lawyer.
Had I been less young and less inex
perienced I would not have risked my
newly acquired foothold at the New
York bar by accepting an invitation
from a friend if my father to spend
three months at his Cuban plantation.
But I was a bit run down by overwork,
and I fancied I could wrestle mere
doughtily with the problem of snatch-
Ing fame and fortune from a profession
already overcrowded if I could first
gret a change of air and complete rest.
So, early in November ef a certain
year farther back than I care to re
member, I found myself a welcome and
a decidedly happy guest at one of the
finest plantations on the Cuban coast.
The whole place was like fairyland
to my New York eyes— a dreamy, lazy,
tropical, multicolored fairyland. For
weeks I amused myself loafing about,
studying native customs, exploring the
hills and sailing on the broad waters of
the bay, that flashed and sparkled at
the very foot of the cliff on which the
plantation house was built.
The one drawback to my perfect en
joyment was the fact that, despite
the nearness and delicious warmth of
the water, I was implored most urgent
ly by my host never to go swimming.
"But why not?" I asked him, when
he first broached the subject. "That
is an ideal sheet of water for bathing,
and Just think what fun it will be to
write to my friends at home, who are
begin to shiver under the advance of
¦winter, and tell them I swim in the
ocean every day in November."
"I'm sorry," he replied courteously,
"to deprive you of any pleasure, and
more especially to rob you of the de
light of crowing over your Gotham
friends. But I'm afraid you might not
live to record that swim."
Being, as I have said, very young,
and being, moreover, strongly possessed
of the legal spirit of investigation, I
pressed him to explain.
"We don't like to speak of it around
here," he said at length, "because it is
a tragic subject to more than one of
irs. Have you heard the native negroes
or the Spaniards about here mention el
lobo marino?"
"Yes," I said, after a moment's
thought; "passing by the quarters last
night I heard a negro mother telling
her baby that unless it stopped crying
'el lobo marino' would catch him. My
Spanish is still a bit rusty, but, 'el
lobo marino' should mean the 'sea wolf."
I supposed it was some local bugaboo
when she said it."
"It is not," answered my host grave
ly. "It is a shark."
"I thought tiburon was the Spanish
word for shark." I Bald.
"It is," replied he. "It's the generic
came for shark. But the shark which
has made this bay a terror to swim
mers has the local nickname of el lobo
marino. Sometimes he is spoken of as
el calamldad del mar (the scourge of
the sea). He It is that keeps our beau
tiful bay free of bathers."
"How large Is he?" I asked, curiously.
"All sorts of reports are abroad as to
his size," responded the narrator. "Per
sonally I've seen him but once. From
that one quick glance I should say
he must have been close to twenty feet
long." •
"But." I protested. "I've always heard
sharks don't molest men. They say the
theory that sharks are man-eaters Is
Just an old Euperstltutlon invented by
sailors, and that sharks only feed on
dead bodies." w
"They say s o. do they?" retorted my
host; "then 'they* couldn't have been
¦with me In my yawl when my best
fisherman, Andrea, fell overboard.
There was a rush through the water
and I caught Just one fleeting glimpse
of the monster as It dragged him under.
He. never came up. There, are a dozen
other men along this bay who can tell
you similar stories of el lobo marino.
That Is why I beg you not to swim in
these waters." ¦' •¦¦¦".
For at least a day I was greatly Im
pressed by what I had heard. Then I
began to experience a longing to get
one glimpse of this dreaded monster.
While I could not doubt my host's
word, yet I felt the stories concerning
the huge Ehark must in some way have
been exaggerated.
I caught myself floating along the
bay's surface by the hour, in my boat,
leaning far over the gunwale to scan
the " perfectly dear depth beneath me
for some trace of "el lobo."
In northern latitudes, no matter how
clear the water may be, the human eye
can seldom penetrate it more than a
few feet. But along Cuba's coast, in
many places where coral formation is
rnost prominent, a man can look down
from his boat through three fathoms
of crystal-dear water and discern every
object lying on the gleaming white
coral sands below.
Yet, though I gazed with straining
eyes, I could never catch even a mo
mentary view of the great shark.
True, I saw several other sharks, rang
ing from four to perhaps eight feet In
length, but nothing larger. Hundreds
of other fish, too, flashed here and
there , through the transparent water
pilot fish, dog, fish, fish. with scales that
blazed like diamonds, and odd-shaped
Jelly fish. Once I saw crawling crab
like along the - bottom a devil fish,
whose tentacles roust nave had a reach
of six or seven feet from tip to tip.
As the shadow of my boat fell on him
THE suits instituted by President Roosevelt against
the meat combine have been won by. the Government
in the lower courts and are pending on appeal. The
revelations of the trial have roused the livestock interests of
the country to take defensive measures that will reinforce
the law and that will protect the producer even if the law in
its present condition fail.
The case of the livestock growers is on all fours with that
of the fruit growers of California that is now under investi
gation by the State Board of Trade. The price of meat to
the consumer is high, while the price paid by the slaughter
and packing houses to the producer is low. The producer
wants both to be governed by the natural law of supply and
demand to the end that the man who sells meat on foot and
the one who buys it on the block may have their natural
rights. At present the combined packers meet every day
and fix the next day's ; price for livestock. This is done
irrespective of supply and demand. This system has been in
operation for nearly eighteen months and the effect is seen
in a comparison of prices. Just before it began No. I beef
on the hoof sold in Chicago for $7 SO to $8 65 per 100. To
day the same quality brings only $3 85 to. $4 50 per 100,
making a difference of about $30 per head on animals of
1000 pounds weight. •
In the case of hogs the decline is $4 SO per head and the
decline in mutton sheep is proportional. Applied to the
total of livestock marketed under'these artificial prices the
loss to the livestock growers amounts to $865,000,000, or
equal to one-fourth the value of all the livestock in the
United States. If this enormous" sum had been saved to
the consumers of meat in the form of reduced price on the
block a national economy would have been effected. But
instead of carrying the reduction forward to the consumer
the price of meats, fresh and cured, has remained the same,
and what the producer has lost has been pocketed by the
middlemen
This squeeze has moved the livestock interest to action.
The loss of $30 on every steer represents the loss of the
grower's profits. How to save something for himself is the
problem. Its solution will be found in restoring competi
tion to the market and the renewal of natural relations be
tween the producer and consumer. To this end the livestock
men of Arizona, California, Colorado, Idaho, Indian Terri
tory, Kansas, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, New Mexico,
Nevada, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Texas, Utah
and Wyoming have organized and capitalized an independent
packing company, officered by men experienced in the
slaughtering and packing business. Its operations will reach
from the producer to the consumer and will bring them into
the right relation. This company will buy, cut and dis
tribute meat to the retailers, of the whole country and will
force the existing combine to deal fairly with both ends of
the market. With the interstate commerce law enforced
transportation facilities must be equal, and so there can be
no rebates to shut the new company out of a market.
In this system there seems to be a suggestion to the fruit
growers of this State. No one desires to oppress or to elim
inate the middleman as a distributer of products. . He is a
necessary factor, but when his greed is unrestrained he .be
comes the oppressor, of producer and consumer alike. With
out going to the extent of organizing a distinct distributing
agency a thorough organization of the fruit growers could
demand the presence of its own trusted agents in the dis
tributing centers to oversee the processes of transferring
fruit from the commission firms to the retailer. Honest and
expert men in such a position could easily stop the practices
which now seem to arrest the profits that are in the price
paid by the consumer and prevent them reaching the pro
ducer.
It will certainly pay all the producers of raw .food stuff
and of fibers in this country to watch the effort of the live
stock men to protect themselves and apply its methods to
their own industry. It is. a trite. saying that the prosperity
of the country depends upon the soil and upon those whose
labor brings from it the great staples which constitute the
necessaries of life. The position of such producers is pe
culiar. The manufacturer or the merchant or professional
man can quit. He can readily change his occupation. But
it is not so with the man who is tied to the soil. Production
is with him in a large measure compulsory. He can neither
quit nor change. When production loses profit the loss
goes back to the value of his land and he cannot sell it and
get enough to carry him over into some other bread
winning occupation. So'he has to stay with the soil and part
with his surplus for whatever the middleman chooses to
give him.
The position of the consumer is the same. He must exist,
and while he may limit his consumption of the necessaries
of life he must have them, for it is compulsory. This ena
bles the exploitation of producer and consumer and both
classes are interested in controlling the cupidity of the class
that stands between them.
THE PACKING v COMBINE.
he hid himself behind a mass of inky
fluid, drawing his body and arms up
into a compact ball.
Still no "lobo." arid at last I decided
he was a myth.
One morning I rowed around the
point a half mile beyond the house and
anchored to a tiny coral reef that rose
to about twelve inches below the sur
face a quarter of a mile from shore.
From there I cast my line an>1
watched the baited hook sink slowly
through the clear water. This was
my favorite fishing ground. Yet to
day I cast for a solid hour without
getting a single bite.
The tide meantime was running out.
At last my rock rose above the surface
of the water. I decided to row home.
On pulling up the anchor, however, I
found one of the flukes was entangled
in a. jutting bit of rock a foot or: two
below the surface. I could not reach it,
eo I stepped out of the boat on the
rock, and plunging my hands into the
water, disengaged the anchor and lifted
It back into the boat. A light breeze
was blowing, and as I was wiping the
water from my hands I did not notice
that the boat was slowly drifting away.
By the time I turned to step aboard it
was at least ten feet distant. I watched
it recede with more amusement than
chagrin. I had longed for a chance to
swim; yet I had. not wished to go
counter to my host's request. But
under circumstances like these he sure
ly could not object to my rescuing his
boat before the tide bore it off to sea,
I disrobed quickly and laid my
clothes on the rock, meaning to swim
to the boat, climb aboard and then row
back for my garments.
At last I was ready. ; The boat was
nearly a hundred yards away by this
time. Reveling in the prospect of a
plunge in those cool waters on so warm
a day, I drew in a deep breath and
dived off the reef. Down, down, I went,
far below the surface, until I had al
most descended to the coral sands that
carpeted the bottom of the bay. Then
I struck out, swimming under water
in the direction I knew my boat had
taken. It was a delicious sensation to
feel the cool caress of the crystal clear
water, to have made myself part of
that marvelous submarine world.
On and on I swam. At last I looked
up, for a large oblong shadow lay
athwart the glittering white sands, al
most directly above me.
"I must have swum farther than I
imagined," thought I, "to have reached
my boat by this time."
The next moment I felt as though
the waters about me had turned to ice.
For it was no boat that swung idly
above me, but an enormous fish!
I can shut my eyes and see him now
— the white underside, the tremendous
expanse from the snubbed oval head to
the faintly quivering tail. And it turns
me half sick to recall it.
It was undoubtedly "el lobo." I had
seen enough sharks to know their un
mistakable shape. And this fish was a
shark, but far larger than any other
shark I had ever seen.
I did a lifetime of thinking in the
next ten seconds. He had not yet seen
me, for he was facing in the same di
rection as I, and I was not yet quite
up to him.
I had a general idea where the boat
should be, and I swam for it with all
my strength, still keeping close to the
bottom of the bay, and making a de
tour to avoid the shark's eye.
I swam hard, putting into every
stroke all the power and speed of which
I was the master. My heart throbbed
like a trip hammer and I could feel the
blood banging against my temples.
Moreover, it was growing momentarily
harder to keep from breathing. My
lungs ached and burned and my chest
seemed bursting. Still I swam on, not
daring to rise to the surface, until I
should be far out of the shark's line of
vision. :.*"'
Finally I looked up once more. A
short distance ahead of me I could see
the shadow cast of my boat. But, the
same Instant, my blood turned cold
again. For. still almost directly above
me, hung the shark. .V ;
That he had not seen me I was sure.
At first I fancied I had made no real
progress at all, but was still where I
had first seen the monster. Then the
truth dawned on me. The shark had
seen the boat and was creeping gradu
ally up to it; perhaps in the hope that
some one might fall overboard; perhaps
merely for such food as a fisherman
might toss into the sea from his lunch
basket. He and I had been swimming
at the same rate of speed toward the
same object. T *;-
I was no more secure from him than
I had been before.' And my lungs were
paining me horribly. Perhaps he had
loitered thus about my host's boat the
time the luckless Andrea fell over
board. With a last effort I took a half
dozen v rapid strokes forward that
brought. me under the boat and a yard
or two beyond it. \ Then, driving my
feet into the sand and putting all my
remaining strength into the movement,
I sprang upward toward the surface.
Before I reached the upper air the
shark saw me. The shadow of the
boat, luckily, veiled me until I was
nearly at the top; otherwise I might
not now be writing this.
He rushed forward, displacing the
water and rocking the boat. That was
my last submarine view of him,,. for
the next instant my head was above
water. I drew in a big breath j and
swam, for the boat, which, was .barely
six feet away. I splashed as hard as
I could, churning up the water in hopes
of frightening the monster." He reached
the spot where IV had risen, then
wheeled and, turning on his side, struck
again for me. I was hauling^ myself
over the gunwale of the boat as he
struck.
'. I felt something brush my foot; the
boat whirled sideways from a sudden
Jar, and he had wheeled once more to
the attack. This time, however, I was
already over the gunwale and lying
panting and exhausted in the bottom of
the boat. .
I had missed death in a horrible form
and had missed it by barely an Inch.
I raised myself to my knees and
looked over the side of the boat.
There, not three feet below me, poised
el lobo marino, motionless, alert, wait
ing, patiently for me to fall overboard.
I/was moderately safe, of course,- in
the big, heavy Cuban ': boat.' .; But I con
fess I did not draw a really free breath
until I had 'recovered - my .-clothes,
rowed back to the "plantation and once
more felt 'solid ground beneath ; my
feet ' . i . •
Music will be an attraction In the
Iowa building at the World's Fair.
Former Lieutenant Governor Larrabee
of that State has presented an $8000
pipe organ to the State commission.
The organ, which is a large and hand
some instrument, will be Installed in
the Iowa building and will furnish the
music for all the State. functions to be
held there during the fair. Concerts
there will rival those given in Festival
Hall. The Iowa building la completed
and is a roomy and comfortable struc
ture, containing all the conveniences of
an office and club house.
Music for Iowa.
Towr.sendsj California glace fruits and
candles, 50c a pound, in artistic fire*
•tched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market si, above Call bid*. •
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men ' by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1M2. •
Thirtydead and fifteen cruelly maimed and wounded is the
latest .'record attesting the triumph of American railroading.
The incident was a head-on collision in Illinois, the occasion
was fan -act of divine providence, the responsibility is of
course nobody's, and the result is another indication that the
operation of our railways " must sooner or later be placed
'under the direction of- our criminal laws. Our railroads are
making , deith too expensive.; •
I." A .Western millionaire, lacking ; an - ear, has bought one
from an impecunious tradesman who thinks he can struggle
through - life .hearing enough with one. The process of
grafting ; is already partially successful arid the ' millionaire is
happy in the prospect of hearing clearly what the rest of
us may: say of hi? job lot anatomy. While many "will readily
lend an ear very few care literally, to sell one.
Sewing Bees to Rescue.
According to South African Export*,
there should be an increased demand
for coft goods In British East Afriei.
A notice in Nairobi, by John Afns
worth, the sub-commissioner, states
that natives entering the town mast be
decently clothed. Missionaries, eet
tlers, etc., are asked to encourage tne
wearing of cloth by natives in their
employ; while the police and Govern
ment officials have Instructions to warn
the blacks that they will not be allowed
in Nairobi unless they are wearing at
least an ordinary loincloth. So civili
zation stalks on. Soon, we <appos*.
there will not be left anywhere one clad
as "nature first made man." -
Incredible.
Would that we had some like this:
One of the most remarkable barber
shop stories extant has a. local setting,
and Is absolutely vouched for by one of
the most truthful men in Baltimore.
A gentleman who wanted a shave
stepped into a well known barber-shop.
The barber bowed and smiled a polite
good morning.
The gentleman hung up his hat and
waited until there was an empty chair,
A workman quietly said, "You're
next," and the man took his place In
the <ihair. ; \ ':.;.
The barber prepared him for shaving,
adjusted the chair to , the most com
fortable pose, and without a word went
right ahead and shaved him.
The barber didn't ask him If he want
ed a haircut. ,
He didn't remark "They're gettln* a
little lorfg, sir."
He didn't say "Shampoo to-day, air?"
He*didn't talk politics.
He didn't comment on the weather
or the news of the day. *
He didn't try to get confidential.
The barbers didn't stand and kid one
another while they worked.
¦ The one who was doing the work
didn't say "Gettin* a little thin on top
there— little tonic?" .j
He didn't ask "Comb 'em dry?" —
Baltimore American.
Trade Wjth Manchuria.
Thetrade of the. United States with
Manchuria, China, shows no perceptible
change,, in 1902 as compared with 1901.
Figures Just compiled by the Depart
ment .of Commerce arid Labor show
that the total imports into the port of
Newchwang. ; the principal doorway
through which Manchuria is at present
supplied, amounted' in 1902 to eighteen
million halkwan taels in value, against
seventeen millions In 1901, and eight
millions' 1 in 1900. The official report of
the Chinese Government does not speci
fy all classes of merchandise received
into • Newchwang from the United
States, but does specify the four prin
cipal articles— American Jeans, drills,
sheetings and kerosene. The total
value Qf these four articles of Ameri
can production reported as - brought
Into ' Newchwang .in 1902, either coming
direct - from ¦ the United States or from
other ports, of China, was 6,113,920
Sundials.
There Is an old-established firm la
London which devotes itself almost en
tirely to the making of new sundials
and the renovation of old ones. The
largest dial ever erected is six feet
square, and now records the time
when the sun shines on the •wall of
Old Tile House in Buckinghamshire.-
Sir Walter Besant has a fine modern
sundial In his garden at Hampstead,
and Captain Penton another at Chal
font Park, Uxbridge. Another well
known man has gone so far as to have
a beautifully carved sundial erected on
the marbie stone which covers his fam
ily burying-place. A handsome sun
dial was recently erected for the Duke
of Sutherland in the gardens at Chor
ley Wood, Surrey.
His Choice.
De turkey gobbler roos' too high
In weather col' an' murky;
But ef-I shine de 'possum eye
What does I want wid turkey?
De rabbit grwine pltty-pat -.>
Across de medders grassy;
He streak er lean en streak er fat.
But 'possum fat en sassy!
En springtime fetch de bird en bee.
En all de bud en blossom;
But falltime is de time fer me.
Kaze falltime fetch de 'possum!
— Atlanta Constitution.
World's Fair Notes.
Abraham Lerner, a Roumanian of
Detroit, will exhibit In Michigan's dis
play at the World's Fair a postal card,
on which he has written 7300 words.
The work was done with an ordinary
fine-pointed pen. '•
The first exhibit for the United States
Government building at the World's
Fair arrived at the exposition grounds
recently. It Is a standard pattern
postal car owned by the Pennsylvania
Railroad. It Is completely equipped
with up-to-date appliances and cemven-*
iences and will occupy a place In' the
United ' States " PostofHce Department?
exhibit.
Among the police exhibits from San
Diego, Cal., at the World's Fair will
be a reproduction of Old Town Jail.
The jail was built half a century ago
at a cost of $3000. An Interesting story
In connection with it Is that the con
tractor who constructed it was Its first
prisoner, and easily made his escape
from it after he had built what he said
was a model prison.
Among the features of Louisiana's
transportation exhibit at the World's
Fair will be a miniature train of rice
cars and cane cars, made of wood.
There will be a real steam engine,
though proportionately lillputlan, to
draw these infantile devices through
miniature fields. The cars will be load
ed with sections of real sugar cane and
tiny sacks of rice.
She Was Puzzled.
A brave little widow, who is doing
her best to provide for herself and her
three children by keeping a little bak
ery and notion store in the Mission,
gets many a nickel from the children
in the neighborhood of her store.
A few days ago she was telling some
friends about the little tots who fre
quent her store, and In the course of
her conversation she referred to a lit
tle Gladys, who lived but a few doors
away.
"She is the cutest little girl," declared
the widow, "I have seen In many a
day. One day last week she came Into
the store and* asked for 5 cents' worth
of thread and 5 cents' worth of candy.
I fixed up her purchases for her and
was about to give the packages to her
when she burst out crying. She sobbed
most pitifully, and I ran out from be
hind the counter, picked her up in my
arms and asked the little darling what
was the matter.
"For a minute or two she could not !
tell me, because of her tears, but finally
she opened her tightly clenched little
hand. In the little pink palm were two
nickels and at sight of them she began
crying again.
" 'Tell the baker lady what's the mat
ter with the little dear," I said, coax-
In gly. .
" 'My mamma gibbed me two fl'
centses,' she said between her sobs —
'fi* cents for tandy and fl' . cents for
thread, and I don't 'member what fl'
cents she gibbed me first.' "
THE law has been vindicated by two judicial officers be
fore whom lynchers have been brought for trial. The
cases somewhat offset the travesty on justice that was
displayed in the trials of lynchers in our own State in the
Modoc cases.
Last summer a mob tried to force the jail in Danville, 111.,
to get at an accused negro. The courage of the Sheriff frus
trated the design of the rioters, but they succeeded in killing
a negro who was not at all involved in the matter and was
under no accusation. Those who were identified in the at
tack on the jail were arrested and put on trial. The leader
was tried and convicted of an attempt to murder and is
undergoing a sentence' in the penitentiary. Since then
others who were identified have been convicted, and the
Judge in passing sentence said: "You may thank God that
you are not here on a charge of murder instead of an attempt
to murder, and that I am not sentencing you to be hanged
instead of to the penitentiary. For as sure as you live had
you gained entrance to the jail that night you would have
committed murder, not once, but probably a dozen times."
It may safely be concluded that lynching will not be popu
lar in Danville hereafter and that "leading citizens", will not
be found heading mobs to inflict unlawful punishment upon
men accused of crime. "The satisfaction in the outcome there
is not confined to the Judge, who did his duty, but extends
to the jury, which was willing against all pressure to do its
share in vindicating the majesty and supremacy of the law.
It will not require many such instances of efficient punish
ment to stamp out lynching and convince impulsive and pas
sionate individuals that the chosen executors of the law must
in all cases be trustedto effect its orderly administration.
The other recent instance which admonishes the hot tem
pered occurred in Delaware in the case of the lynchers who
burned to death a negro who had been guilty of an abhor
rent crime. Judge Lore in charging the jury. before which
members of the mob were tried said: "No man has a right
to commit that crime because he believes or fears that some
other person who is entrusted with the execution of the law
will fai] or has failed in the performance of his duty."
It will be remembered that in the Delaware case a minis;
ter of the gospel incited the lynching by casting odium upon
the courts and declaring that it was improbable that they
would do their duty in punishing the guilty wretch. His
sermon was immediately followed by the lynching, partici
pated in by some of the members of his flock, who were di
rectly encouraged by his intemperate harangue. It is to.be
regretted that he was not indicted as an accessory before the
fact and sent to the penitentiary with those whom he advised
to commit crime.
The air has been beneficially cleared by these two Judges,
who conspicuously honor the legal profession and vindicate
the bench. .', Things are rapidly , nearing such a pass in this
country that lynching would soon go beyond substituting
the criminal law, having for its excuse the nature of the
crime or the fear of laxity in enforcing the, law. It threat
ened to pass over and invade the execution of civil justice and
to treat decisions of courts or the delay of them in civil cases
as the excuse for mob outbreaks and the attempt, by un-.
curbed passion and aroused savagery, to undertake enforce
ment oi a mob's idea of civil justice. Such progress in vio
lation of «the law is to be expected, and when it occurs it
means the entire subversion of the law and the obsoleting of
its instrumentalities and processes. The result would be
anarchy and the destruction of government by law.
The courts have before them the task of arresting this evil
where it is. They will do it by such prompt administration
of justice as is compatible' with the preservation of human
rights. In this they should be assisted by the bar and by
all good citizens called to' duty as jurymen. If the present
condition of the law permit too great delay, prolonged to the
injury of justice, that is a grievance to be corrected by legis
lators when they make codes and rules of procedure. The
mob can no more substitute the law-making power than they
can take the place of the officers chosen to' execute the law.
When they, plead' obstruction to ; justice in the statutes and
rules established for judicial procedure they« do assume the
right to' usurp the place and functions of the Legislature.
So it appears that. lynching is set up to displace and replace
two of the coordinate branches of our system of govern
ment and is a far reaching evilthat cannot be too soon nor
too sternly repressed. >•.:/.?
The Illinois and Delaware Judges have done their duty
arid the chorus of approbation which has followed their
declarations should give strength to that judicial courage
which is the safeguard of all rights. '
A REMEDY FOR LYNCHING.
Decrepit Spain,
No recent political event in Spain has
created such a stir as the pessimistic
nature of the speech In which Senor
Sllvela announced to the Cortes his re
tirement from public life. He said that
he resigned because he had come to
the melancholy conclusion that at pres
ent Spain does not want a fleet, nor
an army, nor public instruction. It is
Interested only in material reforms, in
agriculture, in Industry, trade and
public works. For his part, if he were
to remain in office, the country must
want an army! a fleet, and such a for
eign policy worthy of it. a foreign
policy frankly accepted without fear of
the risks. To be on equally good terms
with everybody is not a policy. To
combat this state of public opinion he
required the backing of a robust and
stable party. At certain moments he
had fancied that he might obtain It.
When the illusion vanished, with it
went all the courage which enabled him
to hold ofSce. He- was a man who had
lost faith and hope. It was expected
that the Prime Minister, Senor VUla
verde, would vigorously protest against
so fainthearted a conception of Spa'.n's
condition, but he failed to mak* any
reply.
The indictment of United States Senator Dietrich on
charges of the gravest character in connection with alleged
postoftice frauds has led this national scandal to such a crisis
that one of two courses forces itself upon the American pub
lic as an immediate necessity. Either grand jury accusations
should be based on something more substantial than ex
parte statements or the Federal Government should hasten
to clerr its skirts of alarming and, apparently, widespread
frauds.
halkwan taels. which at the official
valuation of the halkwan taels In 1002
would make the total value in United
States currency 53,854,920.— Harper's
Weekly.
ity, the one administration measure before the extra session.
Besides that no measure of general importance has been con
sidered. .'
What is the matter with Hearst? Where is that "bright
page"? What is he writing on it and with what manner of
pen? He has two days more to finish it. Hjs solitary ad
mirer sits waiting, as Israel waited for Moses to bring the
table of stone down out of the mountain. The administra
tion refuses to stay under cover and things move along. Can
it be possible that when William Randolph Hearst js brought
in touch with great affairs of Government, in company with
practical legislators, he cannot make good on his brag? Is
he like Calamity Weller, who got into Congress by promising
to pass a law giving the people "a more and a fittener cur
rency" and then didn't know how to do it? ;.i
The great expectations invested in the member from the
New York tenderloin arc turning sour because a man by the
name of Williams, from Mississippi, .is made the Democratic
leader of the House, and all that seems to be left of William
Randolph Hearst is the* "every eye" that was strained and
the spinal thrill of the first day.
A Cracked Diamond.
" 'Friend Jack— This was only a ques
tion of a few days with me anyhow,
so what's the odds. You won't need to
resign now.' Sullivan.' "
"It Was early In the settlement of
Nevada," said an old prospector, "and
the only jail they had was the Sheriff's
cabin with a lock on the door. For a
long time business was scarce, but at
length a man named Sullivan killed
a fellow In another town, was brought
over and placed In the Improvised
bastile. He was an acquaintance of
the Sheriffs and the two lived in peace
and amity. They slept in the same
bunk and the key hung on a nail inside
the door. They loafed around town to
gether all day and if the Sheriff was in
a card game, which he usually was,
he would give the key to the prisoner
and tell him to lock himself up. The
latter made no attempt to escape, al
though he had every opportunity. At
length his trial came and he was sen
tenced to be hanged. This made no
change In the habits of either man
until the time of the execution ap
proached.
"Then the Judge insisted that the
Sheriff? take better care of the prisoner.
The Sheriff returned to the Jail, found
the prisoner smoktng calmly in front
of the fire, and throwing his revolver
and cartridge belt on the bed, an
nounced his intention of resigning.
'The Judge,' he said, 'tells me that I
must keep you locked up all the
and have some fellow watch you night
and day until you are hung. I told the
jackass you were a friend of mine and
would show up for the hanging all
right, but he told me to do what he
said or quit and I'm going to resign.'
• "Sullivan tried to persuade the Sher
iff to lock him up, but the latter re
tired, leaving the key on the nail as
usual. During the night he was awak
ened by a pistol" shot and found his
prisoner dead en . the floor and this
note beside him:.
THE SAN FBANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, NO\J5MJ5iSKSa, 1»U3.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. . ...... ... Address AH Commanications to JOHN HcNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office. ................ .~ <^^^^%^ •• • .....Third and Market Streets, S. P.
SUNDAY. ........:.....:...........:. ..NOVEMBER 22, 1903
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
30A dispatch from Vladlvostock states
that in the near future a Russian news
paper will be published in Nagasaki.
. The result, has been an uprising
against Bogota control, inspired partly
by a regard for the interests of Pan
ama and partly by the hope of securing
$10,000,000 from the United States. . It
is evidently for the interest of the
world's commerce and of the people of
Panama that the revolt shall be suc
cessful. This Government cannot af
ford to go to war over the canal, but
if its moral support will give the vic
tory to the side of progress there can
be no reason for withholding it out of a
sentimental regard for the patriots for
revenue only who, are in control of
Bogota.— Kansas City Star.
Stand for Progress.
It is proposed to commence ojl de
velopment work on a largo scale at once.
The deal is an important one and will
open a territory of Santa Barbara Coun
ty upon whjch no development work has
been attempted. The property is near
the largest asphalt mine In the world,
which was closed down by the trust
some time ago. " r*
SANTA BARBARA, Nov. 21. — A num
ber of San Francisco capitalists have
Just concluded a deal with Alfonso L.
Den for the lease of his property, a por
tion of the Rincon Rancho, consisting of
several - hundred " acres situated on the
coast, ten miles west of this city.
of Santa Barbara,
Leased.
CAPITALISTS PREPARE
TO OPERATE FOR OIL
Portion of the Rincon Rancho, East
frequented by ladies would remove his
hat, the elevator certainly comes within
the same rule. In an office building,
on the contrary, where hats are worn
in the corridors, it seems like an affec
tation to remove the hat on entering
the elevator. Yet even in this case lo
cal conditions may properly modify the
general rule. A courtesy which seems
exaggerated may border dangerously
on impertinence. — Providence Journal.
Of 400 natives belonging to the Ameri
can mission at Rahuri, Bombay, India,
who were inoculated against plague only
one girl caught the disease, and she re
covered.
WOODLAND, Nov. 21.'-^-The Woodland
Roller : Mills' • building- was destroyed by
fire this , evening. -Half • an ; hour -after
the" mill closed; down , nre , was discovered
in ; the . second : story.'J The origin is un-_
known. The loss is between $30,"000 and
$40,000, partly covered by; insurance.
Fife Destroys Roller Mills.
Heavy seas beat her upon the sands so
that she is full of water and it is im
possible.to get her off.
Lighters have been taken alongside
and the freight has been removed. Most
of it is damaged so that it will be almost
a total loss. The captain sold the vessel
for $150. ' -
STORM MAKES A RUIN
OF A WRECKED VESSEL
Schooner. Ocean Spray Cannot Be
Saved and Is Sold for One Hun
dred and FJfty Dollars.
• EUGENE, Or.. Nov. 21.— The schooner
Ocean Spray, which; ran ashore at the
mouth; of the Suislaw, is a total; wreck.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 21.— December 1 is. the
date set for beginning the city service on
the Los Gatos-San Jose Interurban Elec
tric Railway. The line inside the city
is completed with the exception of
stringing the wires, and this will be
taken up at once. Rails are laid between
here and Saratoga, and the last of the
rails are being laid between that place
and Los Gatos. A seven-minute system
will be inaugurated between the broad
gauge depot in this city and "a" point on
the Meridian road for the city system.
It is .claimed that the line to Saratoga
and Los Gatos will be running by Jan
uary 1. , .
As" soon as the full line of the Los
Gatos-Saratoga Interurban Railway is in
running order work on a short line from
Los Gatos to San Jose, by way of Camp
bell, will be commenced. , A freight and
passenger depot is being fitted up op
posite the postofHce,' where also will be
located the general offices of the road.
A. number of the cars to be used are al
ready here.
Los Gatos and San Jose Electric Line
Soon to Be in Op
eration.
BAILEOAD WILL START
NEW SERVICE NEXT MONTH
Bobbers Blow Open Bank Vault.
SEDALJA, Mo., Nov. 21.— The Citizens'
Bank at Clarksburg, Mo., was broken. Into
last night and the safe blown open. All
the money in the bank was taken, but
the officers d«cline to state how much.
A reward of $300 is offered for the arrest
and convittion of the robbers, who es
caped. •
It's sometimes easier for a girl to
think she is pretty than it is for her to
make other girls think so.— Chicago News.
Some splendid specimens of turquoise
stones are being found in the mines on
the "Upper King 1 River, 1 Victoria, Austra
lia.
Since wit and humor were so Ions
associated with the Speaker's office
Speaker-to-be Cannon will be expected
to say many funny things. His humor
is not of the same sort that caused
thousands of stories to be told of
Thomas B. Reed, but Cannon already
has a fine record as the author of "dry"
sayings. The latest is about his house
for Speaker Cannon will occupy a
private residence this winter. Some
body remarked to him the oth»r day
that it was a good thing to live in one's
own house.
"Wai, yes, it is," was the reply, in a
} Tw een Wealth and Poverty.
Mr. Cannon's description of the lo
cality was strictly correct. He will live
in a neighborhood that is neither as
plebeian as Northeast Washinarton nor
as ultra-fashionable as Connecticut and
Massachusetts avenues and "Washing
ton Heights.— New York Commercial.
drawl not unlike that of the late SJr.
Reed. "It Isn't such a fine house,
though. It's up here on Vermont ave
nue, half way between wealtn ar.d
poverty."
In the ruins this morning some of
the corpses were close beside the hoop
iron bands of the trunks and melted
gold and silver which had been kept in
these receptacles indicated that the
owners haji fallen and died with their
treasures in their arms. The bodies
were all practically burned to a crisp.
Peter Consavi, the superintendent of
the commissary, said:
"It will be impossible for anybody to
tell for some days the names of all
those who were burned. The bosses
know them only by numbers. I had
their names and numbers in my books
in the commissary, but they were all
destroyed. There is not the least doufet
that several thousand dollars were
burned ud in the trunks of the men.
They kept their savings there and I
would say there was some $4000 or $5000
anyhow. Many of them had enough' to
go back to their homes and families in
Italy, and would soon have sailed."
One of. the water-boys employed on
the work said that he was awakened by
hearing a man cry out, "Fire!" At
this time the fire was In the upper end
of the shanty only, where a struggling
mass of men were fighting to escape
from the building. Awakened suddenly
and confused by the sudden alarm, the
occupants of the shanty were unable to
control themselves. Some of the men
escaped, but a few remained asleep in
the bunks. AH at once the foreigners
on the outside remembered that they
had left their trunks in the blazing
building.
Then followed a rush of men into the
building through the lower door. The
majority of those who entered never
again saw the outside world. Those
who strove for the door were in the
wildest sort of panic. When one man
got ahead of another the other pulled
him back. They fousht, bit and
kicked, and among those who escaped
there are many who bear marks of the
fierce struggle.
One of the witnesses says he did not
believe that a single man of those who
went back for his trunk succeeded in
getting out again.
DIE BY THEIR GOLD.
JOHNSTOWN, Pa., Nov. 21.—Twen
ty-eight bodies, charred and blackened
beyond all possibility of identification,
lie to-night in the ruins of what was
once an Italian lodging shanty, located
on the line of the Pennsylvania Rail
road twenty miles east of this city and
three-fourths of a mile west of Lilly.
In addition to the list of dead there are
thirty-two men who have been re
moved to hospitals and several that
cannot recover.
The fire started early this morning,
while the men were still in bed. The
men who escaped from the shanty alive
are very reticent about the matter, re
fusing to give any notification as to the
origin of the blaze. , According to the
story of one man who escaped, the fire
started from an overheated stove. The
stove became redhot, it is said, and the
interior of the shanty, which was lined
with inflammable tarpaper, caught fire.
The shanty was 93 feet long and about
24 feet wide. It was occupied by sixty
five men, mostly Italians employed on
the Pennsylvania Railroad improve
ments between Lilly and Portage. On
each side of an aisle which ran down the
center of the structure was a row of
bunks three high. In these bunks were
piles of straw.
FIRE STARTLES INMATES.
It is believed that the district about
Manteca (Spanish for butter), with the
advent of a bountiful supply of water
for irrigation purposes, is destined to
be the central milk and butter produc
ing section of California, and already
there is much fine blooded stock raised
there. , .
The construction of the canal was be
gun in 1888 by H. W. Cowell, the first
ditch being constructed by the firm of
Shippee, Morris & Cowell. There were
many setbacks, owing to the lack of
funds, but the projectors never gave
up, and when Mr. Cowell saw the frui
tion of his hopes and witnessed the cel
ebration to-day he cried for very joy.
The celebration marks an era In the
history of Menteca which, not so very
long ago, was but a small settlement in
a barren waste.
NEW ERA FOR MANTECA.
Governor Pardee made a very Inter
esting address and won the regard of
the people by his lively interest in their
great improvement. Among other things
he said:
"Our brethren of the south, forced by
sheer necessity, have taught us lessons
that we would do well to follow. The
lands whereupon stand Pasadena, Red
lai>dF, Los Angeles, Riverside and all
the towns and cities south of Tehacha
pi. were but a few years ago dry and
scarcely able to support the wild ani
mals and .the half-wild cattle that
roamed over them. But her people
wedded the water of the irrigation
ditch to the lands of the hot and sterile
desert, and the result is that hundreds
of thousands of people now live in com
fort and luxury where, easily within
the recollection of him who now stands
before you, only hundreds lived be
fore."
Leroy Anderson of the San Luis Obis
po Polytechnic School made a very en
tertaining talk, as did also Professor
Majors of the dairying department of
the State University. The latter's ad
dress was particularly instructive and
interesting, as the district about Man
teca is especially adapted to the dairy
interests and the raising of blooded
stock.
Professor Fortier of the State Uni
versity made a speech upon irrigation,
and Professor Wickson also made a
very, entertaining address, which was
full of good advice to the farmers.
ADDRESSES TO CITIZENS. .
STOCKTON, Nov. 2L—Manteca, a
thriving little town in the southern
part of the county, to-day celebrated
in great style the completion of the big
Irrigation canal which is to insure the
permanent development of the section.
A special train from this city took a
large crowd from here, and there were
fully 1500 people present at the celebra
tion, which included a barbecue and a
bull's head dinner under a huge tent.
In' the town hall several speeches
were made by notable visitors, the first
being by Lieutenant Governor Ander
son. He was followed by President
Benjamin Ide "Wheeler of the State
University. Both spoke regarding the
importance of irrigation in general and
the future in store for the district
about Manteca by reason of the com
pletion of the canal.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Permanent Development of Southern
Part of the County Assured by
the Fruition of Hopes
of Years.
Alter Escaping Many Fight to Re
enter the Building for Their
Honey, and All Are
'*!:?¦¦ Lost.
Governor Pardee and Prom
inent Educators Among
SDeakers.
Twenty - Eight Perish and
Many Are Injured in
the Panic.
Celebration Over Canal
Completion in San
Joaquin.
Fire Steals on Railroad
Laborer^ in Their
Slumber.
NEARLY TWO
SCORE ROAST
IN A CABIN
IRRIGATION
GIVES JOY
TO MANTECA
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1903.
The old debate on elevator etiquette
has been revived again. There are
those who insist that every gentleman
should take off his hat in an elevator
if ladies are present, while others say
that rules observed in street cars and
other public conveyances apply. No
question Is involved in more complica
tions. Removing: the hat is, generally
speaking, a sign of respect, but in many
cases custom has made its removal ab-
Burd. In this particular case the ques
tion seems to be almost wholly one of
circumstances. In a hotel, for exam
ple, where a gentleman using corridors
Hats on or Off.
31
i£ji$zz?r : : ADVERTISEMENTS.
M, M M 1 J Di Jjf Es3 ra H fa W R pj m u H H H A
HOLIDAY NOVELTIES .
SOFT LEATHER PLEATED and I
CRUSH BELTS
In ail colors.
I , - x $2.25, $2.50 to $4,50 Each ]
ImetaLgirdi.es I
With or without stones.
I $6.00 to $20.00 Each |
Large collection of
BELT CLASPS
For Front and Back. In Cut Steel, Oxidized:
Gun Metal, etc., etc.
Latest Novelties in
LORGNETTE and HUFF CHAINS
Jn Gun Metal, and French Gilt. From
| $2.00 to $15.00
REAL TORTOISE 5HELL COMBS I
The latest shapes in Plain Shell or with
Pearl, Rhinestone or Solid Gold Mountings.
I $2.25 to $25.00 1
Very Large Assortment of
FEATHER BOAS
In all colors, iy 2 , 2, 2y 2 and 3 yard lengths.
Special Values
$15,00, $18.00 and $20.00
Ostrich and Marabout Stoles with Muffs to
match.
I HAIR ORNAMENTS and AIGRETTES j
I In choice variety. $1^5 to $6,00 Each |
I iriPORTED HAT PINS I
A choice selection of the newest popular de-
signs at all prices. Special values at
I 50c, 75c and $1.00 Each |
I RHINESTONE NOVELTIES I
Hearts, Horseshoes, Brooches, Bar Pins and
other unique designs.
I EXTRA WIDE FANCY RIBBONS I
For making opera bass and' for fancy work.
I $1.25 to $3.00 a Yard I
GLOVE SPECIALS 1
Ladies' 2-clasp Glace (good value) - - $1.25 Pr.
Ladies' 3-clasp Glace (extra quality) - $1.50 Pr.
Ladies' 2-clasp Derby (White House) - $1.50 Pr.
/ Cor.Post&Kearhy Sts.
' MISCELLANEOUS.
m — i ¦ .. ,,| — , ¦ '
*M A NEW DINING=ROOM SET? 1||
rWe know the completeness of our stock. We want you to know g
it We have forty different patterns of Dining Room Tables, some |
round, some square, some in golden oak, in weathered oak, includ- I
ing the old Mission styles, and also solid Mahogany. I
We have hundreds of different styles of Chairs to match any of J
these Tables. . I
We have put on exhibition in our Show Windows' eight Dining I
I Room Sets selected from this immense stock. The Chairs and Tables I
and Sideboards are selected in such a way as we would choose them for j
our own homes, but of course you may make your own combination 1
„ from all of the different styles to suit your own taste. I
I FIRST MISSION STREET WINDOW I
I* Here we show a massive round pedestal table with carved legs. A set of highly polished |
box-seat chairs with leather backs and seats match this table to perfection. In this window 1
we have a leather couch and leather-seated Morris chair, as well as an imposing sideboard and e
china closet. H
p OUR CORNER WINDOW S
I Holds a distinctly different display of dining-room furniture in the old "Mission" style. The |
| heavy, square-legged table with massive dining chairs, upholstered in genuine Spanish leather |
1 of a dark red color creates a decidedly artistic appearance. The loose-cushioned couch with a i
¦ Morris chair and novel sideboard add greatly to the simple beauty of this set. I
FIRST 16th STREET WINDOW 8
Contains a neat $30 table of golden oak with a pretty little buffet, worth $33.50. The accom- 1
panying box-seat chairs sell for S3.50 each. This is an attractive set. g
SECOND 16th STREET WINDOW |
Offers a novelty in the way of an octagonal dining table, finished in fumed oak, after the old |
"Mission" style. The leather-seated chairs match the design of the table with a pleasing repe- |
tition. This set is also a product of our own factory. 1
THIRD 16th STREET WINDOW j
Has a dining-room set of a distinctly FRENCH design. The highly polished square table has I
beautifully carved French legs with claw feet, while the chairs are patterned to match this deco- fj
rative beauty. The (dwarf) combination buffet and china closet is likewise well chosen. |
FOURTH 16th STREET WINDOW I
$26.50 will buy the beautiful round pedestal table of weathered oak finish shown in this win- |
dow. The gracefully designed box-seat chairs, with leather coverings, sell for $4.50 each, |
whUe the buffet at $16.50 will strike you as an exceptional bargain. B
FIFTH 16th STREET WINDOW I
Iln this window a round table, though of a little more massive construction, claims attention 1
for its grace. It is of quarter-sawed oak, 48 inches in diameter. The fine box-seat dining I
chairs have closely woven cane seats, while the grain of the backs matches the natural design I
r of the table top. A combination china closet 'and buffet shown in this window is exceptionally |
I attractive. b
I SIXTH 16th STREET WINDOW I
I One of our cheaper dining-room sets is shown in the sixth window. It shows what can be 1
bought for a low price— a Pattosien price. The $14.50 table has a highly polished top, heavy 1
legs and claw feet. Six leather-seated chairs for $13.50 and a decidedly pretty sideboard for |
%22 make the entire set $50. Credit may be all right, but cash is better — that is why we al- jB
I ways sell for cash. ¦ H
Our big corner window alone justifies an evening trip to the Mission. |
There are lots of windows, but every single piece in this window was I
Jmade in our own factory, right here. a
We save you 25c on every dollar you spend here. 1
I 1 WRITE FOR OUR CATALOGUE— IT'S FREE. 1
I Sixteenth and Mission. I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
KjM****' tar MM IE JP^^MBMHCBr IB^Mf m B ii-'ji
t«!l9jCBi«ru 6 w» y^JSsflhffijKWf'j' nisi Hy J3$S£W
W II I! it to execute. Let us place one || §wf|
mlm H * n y° ur k° me « You will never || ilyMS
iHH Hi art * c * e# We are agents for the §f|l|| 1 1
i\l i BEHRBR0S - dBAUME!STER - |\W I!
ma IH ce^ rate(^ *° r tone anc * action. !f\\|li
ADVERTISEME NTS.
Ruth McEnery Stuart's New Book
i w it '¦ a\ i*___E\
GEORGE
WASHINGTON
JONES
A Christmas Gift That Went a-Begg'ng
Cloth. Ornamental. Illustrated. $1.00
' This book has the rare and,
precious quality that made ; the ap-'
peal of Charles Dickens' Christmas*
stories '. irresistible,, and will' surely
find a warm spot in the heart of
every reader. Neither is it hazard-
ous to -predict that it -will be one
of;- the most f popular Christmas '
stories- ever published.
At all bookstores, or sent postpaid by
HENRY ALTEMUS
PHILADELPHIA
ADVERTISEMENTS.
{ E*d» one of the abort three Knef o» figures tpelU the name of a peat city Ini the Unitetf State* 1
1 Th'u i* • brand new purxie and can be »ol»ed with a little ttudy, at <ollow»i There are twtwy-iix M
I lrtitn ill the alphabet, and we have used fi*nre* in spelling the ntiet instead or let ten. ] l£"" A is g
¦ number I. B number t. C number *, etc.throcphout the entire alphabet. IF YOU «JA« Rirr-I^lj
I OUT THESK TORKK CI*IKS TOIT MAYSHAUK IN TUB DISTRIBUTION
MOT *1.000 WHICH WK ASS GIVINO AWAY for ioinz a little work for n». Tbw
¦ you can do in le»» than one hour of your time. Thi* and other most liberal offer* are made to Introance
I one o< the T »*« New York rnararinr* into er-err home in the United States and Canada. %* K
I XX> HOT WANT ONE CENT OF YOUR MONEY. When you have made oat the
I names of the»« three c«ie«, writ, them plainly on a po«tal card and tend it to us, and you wjU near
I tram ot promptly BY RETURN 3W A II,. It may take an entire evenine to 'solve the tnree
¦ names, bt* STICK TO IT AND TRYTO GET TOUR SHAKE OP *HK 81.000.
I A copy of thi, hirt-cb,* MONTHLY MAGAZINE WILL BE SENT FREE to every-
¦ ona uwwerfnr thi* idvmjwnfflL Do not delay. Send vour answer in immediately. ACOrens
I ROBINSON PUBLISHING CO., 24 North Will— m Street, Nott York City.XE-W RECTOR OF ST. PAUL'S
EPISCOPAL. CHURCH OF
OAKLAND.
Tyndall Will Demonstrate.
Particularly interesting will be, the
demonstration of psychic phenomena
given by Dr. Alex J. Mvlvor-Tyndall at
Stelnway Hall to-night, following his
exposition of [ the subject of "Thought
Transference and Telepathy." The puz
zling and startling examples of thesfe
phenomena, .which are daily,, attracting
the attention of the thoughtful, .call 1
lor a logical and scientific explanation.
The San Francisco Society of New
Yorkers will give its fourth annual
banquet in the Occidental Hotel on the
evening of Wednesday, November 25.
After the supper there will be a num
ber of addresses by members of the
association and reminiscences of the
Empire State. ', ;>
New Yorkers' Banquet.
Annie TJpson's Death Unexplained.
City Toxicologist Chlares L. Morgan
reported to the Coroner yesterday that
he had failed to find any traces of pois
on in the stomach of Mrs. Annie Up
son, who died suddenly on November
12, after haying taken some medicine in
the form of pills and tablets. The
Morgue record of that date fails to
show the cause of death. "Stomach
sent to chemist" is the only entry in
the autopsy part of the record.
Boy Burglars Sentenced.
William Foley and Albert Holz, each
to shoot for turkeys under the super
vision of Lieutenant Kammerer and
Gunner D. O'Hearn. The officers of
the militia will donate the turkeys.
17 years of age, who were arrested on
the premises of the Crescent Corset
Company, 768 and 774 Market street, on
the morning of October 9, and pleaded
guilty to a charge of burglary before
Judge Cook, appeared for sentence yes
terday. The Judge ordered Foley sent
to the Whlttier Reformatory and Holz
to the lone Reform School till they at
tained their majority. Both are bell
boys and came from the East.
"Women's Press Club Will Meet.
The Pacific Coast "Women's Press Asso
ciation will hold a social meeting to-mor
row afternoon at 3 o'clock in Century
Hall, on Sutter street. The work of th«
artists and sons-writers of the associa
tion will be presented, and Miss Anna
Frances Brigg3 will talk cf her experi
ences during a sketching tour through
Holland. . ¦'¦>¦*. ¦
The new rector Is said to be robust
in health and ln every way qualified for
administering the affairs of this im
portant and influential parish. Young
In years as well as in the service of
the ministry. Rev. Mr. Walkley has
had a successful experience. He is a
graduate of Kenyon College, Ohio,
class of '94, with the degree
of Bachelor of Divinity. He
commenced his theological studies
in 1894 under the direction of
Bishop Vincent of the diocese of South
ern Ohio, by whom he was ordained*
deacon ln 1894 and advanced to the
priesthood in 1S95, ln the meantime hav
ing in charge the parish of Christ
Church. Xenia, Ohio. On becoming
priest Mr. Walkley was called to Zion
Church, Palmyra, N. Y., and remained
as the rector until appointed assistant
rector of that old, ultra-aristocratic
and exclusive parish containing Grace
Church. New York City, of which the
eloquent W. R. Huntington is ln
charge, having oversight of the ex
tensive outside work of the parish and
gaining an exeprience that few men in
the country have the chance to ac
quire. *,
If old St. Paul's needs an awakening
It is confidently believed that the Rev.
Mr. Walkley will succeed in bringing
it about. He is ardent in mislsonary
work and being perfectly equipped in
health and attainments it is likely that
the parish will be asked to do some
thing outside of its own boundaries.
The new rector will be an acquisition
to* the ministerial forces which Bishop
Nichols is attracting' to his side. The
parishioners of St. Paul's are preparing
to receive their new minister with all
the* warmth of genuine and cordial hos
pitality which the cultured people of
Oakland know so well how to extend.
successor to the lamented Rev. Dr.
Ritchie, will arrive at his post. On
Sunday night the pulpit will be occu
pied for the first time and the duties
of the parish will officially be under
taken.
To-morrow, unless detained on the
road by floods or washouts, Rev. Charles
Thomas Walkley, B. D., the»recently
elected rector of St. Paul's, Oakland,
WASHINGTON. Nov. 21. — Colonel
Henry Jackson. V. S. A., retired, has
been ordered to report to the Governor of
Missouri, at tne request of the Governor,
for duty with the militia of that State
for a period of four years.
Rev. Dr. Walkley Soon to
Assume Duties at
Oli r dul o.
Acting Customs Collector William B.
Hamilton was notified yesterday by a
telegram from the Secretary of the
Treasury that AH Asghas Khan Ala
bekazam. former Grand Vizier of Per
sia, was on board the Hongkong Maru
and would arrive on November 21. The
Secretary instructed Mr. Hamilton to
pass the baggage of the party without
examination. On the same vessel is
John Goodnow, United States Consul
General at Shanghai.
Persian Nobleman Coming.
Coroner Leland held an inquest yes
terday on the body of Mrs. Gladys
Walker, who shot herself in the head
at her residence. 505 Hyde street, on
September 23. A verdict of suicide was
rendered. Mrs. Staunter, who lives in
a flat below the Walkers, testified that
she beard the shot, but did not hear
Mrs. Walker's body fall to the floor.
She testified also that immediately af
terward the dead woman's husband
ran downstairs and told her that his
wife had kUled herself.
A Belated Inquest.
Mamie Sproat, who is being su«d for
divorce on the ground of desertion by
Edward S. Sproat, In her answer to his
suit, denies that there is any truth In
his charge, and says that though she is
now living at 1737 Logan avenue, Den
ver, Colo., whither she went, she says,
with her husband's consent, she is ever
ready and willing to return to him, and
has frequently volunteered to do so.
Further, she says that Sproat, though
knowing these facts, took advantage of
her absence and commenced the action
for divorce, threatening that if Bhe
dared oppose his suit he would have
her arrested and prosecuted for alleged
offenses. She says that Sproat is worth
$25,000.
The marriage of the Sproats occurred
at Reno, Nev., August 6, 1901. Sproat
alleged In his complaint that his wife
deserted him in August, 1902.
A suit for divorce for neglect was
.filed by Jennie Fischer against Franz
Fischer.
Edith Madden, who is being sued for
divorce on the ground of infidelity by
Captain John F. Madden, has demurred
to his complaint. She objects to the
complaint on the ground that it Is am
biguous in that it does not show when
and where and with whom the alleged
acts of infidelity were committed.
DENIES SPROAT'S CHARGE.
The plaintiff says Yates first forgot
his vows In April of 1902, and that from
that time up to the time of the filing
of the suit for divorce he was in'con
stant attendance upon the Jackson
woman.
The Yateses were married at Punta
Arena, Chile, September 15, 1885. Mrs.
Yates is now staying at the St. Nicho
las Hotel.
Alfonsina Leone denies that. she was
Insane when she married Nicola Leone,
a musician, as he claims in his suit for
an annulment of the marriage filed two
weeks ago: In, her answer to the suit
she admits that the wedding took place
June 18 of this year and says that the
charge that she was mentally weak at
that time and is now is false. By way
of cross-complaint and ln support of
her prayer that Leone's application be
denied and that she be granted a de
cree of divorce, she brings charges of
cruelty. She says that shortly after
the marriage Leone hurt her feelings
and humiliated her by calling her a
"goat" andVorse names; that' August
9 he'struck her with his shoe, and that
September 3 he hurt her severely by
striking her with a clothesbrush. She
also complains that he threatened to
kill her and frightened her very much
by flourishing a pistol in her face. She
says that in addition to a divorce she
is entitled to an award of $40 a month
alimony, basing her claim for that, sum
on the fact that her husband is a very
fine musician and the owner of three
violins worth $500 each.
MARRIED IN CHILE.
Madame Ellse Yates, teacher of the
science of theosophy and, lecturer un
der the name of Madame Montague on
the teachings of Colonel Olcott and
Madame Tingley, is, with all her knowl
edge of the occult, a firm believer in
the things of the earth earthy. This is
evidenced by the filing by her yester
day of a suit for divorce against Mon
tague Tates. The ground on which the
suit is brought is infidelity. The plain
tiff accuses her spouse of loving others
than herself, one Mary Evelyn Jackson
in particular.
Madame' Yates says in her complaint
that because of her husband's fondness
for the Jackson woman marriage has
been to her but a source of pain and
regret.: She says that she discovered
in Octobar of last year that Yates was
not a rfc*o whose heart pulsed with
hers and whose mind ran in the same
channels as her own. With the discov
ery came a shattering of the ideals
that had made her married life a hap
py one, and she says she promptly left
him. The discovery was made in Lon
don, where she was enlightening the
subjects of King Edward on the bene
fits of the modernized religion of the
Brahmins, and she came to this city,
her legal residence, and instituted the
proceedings to sever the bonds that
have brought her only misery and men
tal torture.
The men of the Marlon are prepar
ing for a clam bake at California. City
some time during the month of De
cember. The vessel's steam launch,
•with several cutters in tow, will convey
the men to their destination.
To-day the men of the Naval Militia
will assemble at Harbor View range
Captain George William Bauer, who
recently assumed command of the
Naval Militia of California, has made
arrangements for the establishment of
a school of navigation for the officers.
Lieutenant J. T. McMillan, U. S. N., of
the United States hydrographic office
In this city, will be the instructor and
the school will be opened in December.
Captain Bauer has been placed on
the examining board of the militia and
by virtue of his rank becomes the pres
ident of the board. .
The following named have been as
signed to duty on board of the Marion:
Lieutenant George Kammerer, navi
gating and ordnance officer; Lieuten
ant Carl Schilling and junior grade
Lieutenant J. A. McGee to the first di
vision of the militia.
Dr. George Reinhardt has been rec
ommended for appointment as assist
ant surgeon with rank of lieutenant,
junior grade, to be assigned to duty on
the Marlon.
Captain Bauer has appointed En
sign J. J. Foley as his aid. ,
NAVIGATION SCHOOL.
The target practice ln the regular
army will, during the coming year, be
at circular targets, as was the practice
years ago, and the same practice will
be carried out in the National Guard.
W. A. Varney, captain of Battery A,
First Battalion of .Artillery, has ten
dered his resignation as commanding
officer of that organization.
To-morrow evening Lieutenant G. S.
Garber, Artillery Corps, U. S. A., who
Is acting as instructor of artillery prac
tice, First Battalion, N. G. C, will lec
ture to the battalion. As the instruc
tor has made himself very popular with
the officers and men of the battalion,
his lecture will be listened to by al
most every one of that organization.
¦ t- An election has been ordered for first
and second lieutenant of Company B,
First Infantry, to fill vacancies caused
by expiration of term.
A. P. Smiley, first lieutenant of Com-
pany G, Fifth Infantry, located at Ala
meda, has been promoted to captain
and assigned to . duty as regimental
quartermaster.
Second Lieutenant A. W. Foster Jr.
of the same regiment has been promot
ed to first lieutenant, vice Acques, re
signed, and detailed as battalion ad
jutant.
Under Instructions from the Secre
tary of War Colonel Wilhelm, United
Spates inspector of the National Guard
of California, will commence his tour
of Inspection of the different organiza
tions of the State in the first week in
January next. The inspections will be
rigid and close and upon the report
made to the Secretary of War will de
pend the rating of California's citizen
soldiery and the United States allow
ances for the guard will be based upon
such ratings. It has been suggested
that in view of this the commanding
officers during the month of December
maka themselves thoroughly familiar
with the comments that were made by
Colonel Koster as to the shortcomings
of the guard as he found them during
his tour of inspection, and take meas
ures to correct them by the time Col
onel Wilhelm gets around. It has also
been suggested to the commanding of
ficers that they read up the * reports
that were made of the several camps
that were held in this State during the
current year, so they may remedy the
errors that were discovered at that
time. This Is a matter of Importance
to the standing of the State organiza
tion, as the next encampments will be
In conjunction with the regulars, side
by side, so that the guard shall do its
best to the end that it shall not suf
fer too much by comparison. If the
suggestions are carried out and the
commanding officers enter into the
spirit of the desire to have the guard
redeem itself the guardsmen, it is
thought, will make a creditable show
ing.
CIRCULAR TARGETS.
Says Her Husband Lavished
Hia Affections on Mary
£. Jackson.
Upon the Report Presented
Will Depend Rating
• r and Allowance. .
He had been connected •with the Inter
nal revenue office for more than ten years
aad hid a. wide circle of friends.
Mr. Dixson had been complaining for a
few days past of not feeling well, but con
tinued worMng at his desk in the revenue
offloe until noon yesterday, when he went
home. The pains in his head increasing.
hi« wife called in Dr. A. F. Adler. Mr.
Dixson cre^r worse rapidly and ln loss
than half an hour passed away.
Dewltt C DlxBon. for many years a
deputy la the office of the United State3
Internal Revenue Collector, died suddenly
yesterday afternoon during an attack of
apoplexy at his residence. 1&6 California
street.
Piles Suit for Divorce
on the Ground of
Unexpected Death of
Deputy Collector
D. C. Dixson.
Inspection in January
Will Be Very Close
and Rigid.
A pretty luncheon was given by Miss j
Edna Lawrence at the Colonial yes
terday. The table was made* artistic
with pink carnations and wild, black
berry. The candelabra were shaded in
pink, and rosebuds shone on the name
cards and favors. The guests were
Miss Leslie Meyerfeld, Mi«s Edith Mau,
! Miss Minnie Conger, Miss Margaret
NCastle, Miss Elsie Horton, Miss Dean
' Tlsdale, Miss Evelyn Sherred, Miss
Edna Voogt, Miss Truble Bunker, Miss
Carrie Gerald, Miss "Edna Siegried,
Miss Julia Andrews, Miss Evelyn Leo
kowlcz. Miss Bentie Victors, Miss Edna
Lawrence, Mrs. Sidney Conger and
Mrs. A. M. Lawrence.
Owing to the serious illness of W. P.
Harrington the marriage of his daugh
ter Mary to Lieutenant Commander A.
P. Niblock, U. S. N., on November 24,
will be a very quiet affair, only the
family to be present. The invitations
to the house for that date have had to
be recalled.
• • •
Dr. and Mrs. William Himmelsbach
gave a pleasant at home yesterday
evening at their residence, 1911 Pierce
BtreeL One hundred and fifty guests
were received between the -hours of 8
and 11 o'clock and cordially enter
tained. The rooms were prettily deco
rated with yellow and white chrysan
themums, smilax, palms, lanterns and
balloons. Dainty refreshments were
served.
Those who assisted in receiving were
Mrs. George Frederick Curtis, Mrs.
Frank Piper, . Miss Dorothy Hufl>
schmldt. Miss Frances Willis, Miss
Jean Beach and Miss Constance Jef
ferys.
Mrs. I. Lowenburg will entertain a
large number of her friends this after
noon at her home. —^
The Misses Buckley will give a debu
tante tea this afternoon at their home
on Pacific avenue. Miss Helen Bowie
will be chief guest.
Mrs. Paul Bancroft gave a pretty tea
yesterday afternon in her apartments
at the St Dunstan. The hours were
from 4 to 6 o'clock, during which time
a considerable number of callers were
received.
Those who assisted the hostess were
Mrs. H. H. Bancroft. Miss Lucy Ban
croft, Mrs. Henry McD. Spencer, Miss
Ethel Kent, Miss Kathleen Kent, Miss
Georgie Smith, Miss Helen Gibbs, Miss
Virginia Glbtas and Miss Laura Farns
¦worth.
Miss Elsie Tallant made her debut
yesterday at a tea given by her mother,
Mrs. John Tallant, and her aunt. Mrs.
F. W. Tallant, at the home of the lat
ter. Chrysanthemums, palms and other
foliage were, prominent in the decora
tions, and the receiving hours were
from 3 until 7 o'clock. Those invited to
assist fn receiving were: Mrs. Chaun
cey Winslow, Mrs. Austin C. Tubbs.
Mrs. William B. Tubbs, Mrs. H. Alston
Williams, Mrs. George Lent, Mrs. Ry
land Wallace, Mrs. Frederick Beaver,
Mrs. Wakefleld Baker, Mrs. Edward
Pond, Mrs. T. Danforth Boardman,
Mrs. George Hellman, Mrs. Silas Palm
er, Miss Ethel Lincoln, Miss Suzanne
Blanding, Miss Gertrude Hyde-Smith,
Miss Ruth Allen, Miss Elizabeth Allen,
Miss Margaret Wilson and Miss Pearl
Landers.
• • •
Mrs. John Parrott gave a tea at her
home on O'Farrell street yesterday aft
ernoon In honor of her daughters, Mies
Mary Emily and Miss Abby Parrott.
Many of the old families were repre
sented among the callers, who extend
ed words of welcome to the two new
debutantes.
A pretty coming-out tea was given
at the home of Mrs. Arthur Chese
brough yesterday afternoon, when the
hostess presented her daughter. Miss
Helen Chesebrough, and Miss Newell
Drown. Chrysanthemums and autumn
foliage added to the beauty of the
rooms. Those invited to assist ln re
ceiving were: Mrs. Edward Dimond,
Mrs. Norman McLaren, Mrs. 'Athearn
Folger, Miss Kate Dillon. Miss Ger
trude Eells. Miss Bernie Drown, Miss
Emily Wilson, Miss Christine Pomeroy,
Miss Dorothy Getting?. Miss Anna
Sperry, Miss Natalie Coffin, Miss Mar
garet Postiethwalte, Miss Elizabeth
Llvermore and Miss Lucy Coleman.
The tea given by Mrs. Maurice Casey
and her daughter, Miss Catherine Dil
lon, yesterday afternoon was one of the
greatest successes of the present sea
son and the first large affair which
these charming hostesses have given ln
their beautiful new home on Broadway.
The artistic drawing-rooms were deco
rated with clusters of foliage and vases
of cut flowers. Everything was perfect
! ly appointed, and genuine hospitality
] was extended to the large number of
j callers. The guests were Invited to
j meet Sirs. Malcolm Henry of "Washlng;
| ton, D. C, who was before her mar
j riage Miss Kate Voorhies of this city.
j At the close of the tea forty guests
were entertanled at dinner, all seated
at a large square table prettily deco
rated with chrysanthemums and can
delabra. The dinner guests were the
ladles of the receiving party and a cor
j responding number of gentlemen. They
were: Mrs. Fred McNear, Mrs. Henry
Crocker, Mrs. Will Taylor, Mrs. Wil
lard Drown, Mrs! Walter Martin, Mrs.
j Thomas Porter Bishop, Mrs. Eugeno
Murphy, Mrs. Henry Dutton, Miss
j Lucle King, Miss Elizabeth Bender,
j Miss Jennie Blair, Miss Patricia Cos
; grave, Miss Florence Boyd, Mi3S Leon
! tine Blakcman, Miss Jacqueline Moore,
I Miss Charlotte Elllnwood, Henry Dut
j ton, Will Taylor, Henry Crocker, Fred
j McXear, Willard Drown, Eugene Mur
1 phy, Edward M. Green way, James D. 1
Phelan, Percy King. Fred Greenwood,
Emory Winshlp, Dr. Tracy Russell,
William L. McLaine. Jack O'Brien,
Walter Hart, Sidney Pringle, M. Ho
teling. Charles Field and Captain Eu
gene Wilson, U. S. A.
MILITIA MUST
BE PROFICIENT
MADAME YATES
WOULD BE FREE
EXPIRES IN
SUDDEN FIT
OF APOPLEXY
SOCIETY WORLD
IS REPRESENTED
AT CASEY TEA
THE SAN FEANCISCO CAIilj, SUNDAY. NOVEMBER 22, 1903.
CHURCHGOERS
ARE TO GREET
NEW PASTOR
32
1.DVEBTISEBIENTS. ;
PolOrinQQ QSlffl RflllffO ALL THIS SEASON'S IMPORTATIONS OF HAND-MADE AND HAND-EMBROID-
, ryEUl Illub dllll IYBuIIu = — ERED SILK AND CLOTH WAISTS MARKED DOWN FOR EARLY CLEARANCE.
AT UNUSUALLY ATTRACTIVE PRICES COLORS ARE CREAM, LIGHT BLUE, NAVY, LIGHT GRAY. SOME VERY CHOICE
BARGAINS FOR THE EARLY COMERS. ALL ALTERATIONS EXTRA.
j^|g|£|& "3~ HE namc "Vo3uc Cloak and Fur Co." on Fur "
/Mg&^MiSy \ Garments stands for excellence of quality and $25.00 Cloth Waists, now $i;.oo $40.00 Silk Waists, now / 525.00
SI JL exc ' u . slveness ° f desl *n and style. Every oco Qoth Waists, now $17.50 $50.00 Silk Waists, now $30.oo
fST^TF, garment In our entire range of Fine frur Staples 1° c-n i\r • - 1 « ° ¦ ZS c-u ,,r • i • <?¦>•?-«
WW<1 : and HIfih - class Fur .novelties reflects our superior §3ooo Silk Waists, now. .$18.00 $60.00 Silk Waists, now. $37oO
Si FUR NECK SCARFS, STOLES, VICTORTNE5 .¦ ¦
||f^I|j^|f {Sfabt¥urHr L o^ 1NES ' ETC ' inaUthiSSeaSJnS THIS SEASON'S COSTUMES OF SILK, CLOTH AND VELVET— OUR OWN IM-
t¥(M% iW $2.50 tO $150 t PORTATIONS— AT VERY MARKED REDUCTIONS. AS THE SEASON IS YET EARLY
lim^i^f Large FLAT CRUSH MUFFS (now very stylish) a THIS IS QUITE AN OPPORTUNITY.
¦ I f • most alluring prices. . %
CHILDREN'S FUR SETS-- Novel and dainty effects In Ermine, Thibet, L^rnb, $125.00 Costumes, now.. . . . .$po.ooj $250.00 Costumes, now ". . .$185.00
Angora, Siberian Squirrel, Iceland Lamb, etcTat prices ranging from $150.00 Costumes, now. ... ..... .$I00.0O$325.0O Costumes, now .$250.00
. $1.25 tO'-. $25*00 '' $200.00 Costumes, now..... .$145.00! $400.00 Costumes, now $300.00
to Wear 5 , W.-grant avenue V Maimer y
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Discovery of a Remedy Has Been
Made That Restores Lost
Manhood and Gives
Man the Vitality
of a Lion.
Suffer Ko Longer, but Send Tour Name snd
iddress To-Day, es This Grand Offer May
Never Appear Again, li Hzs Saved Thou-
sands cf Weak Men Who Though!
Their Cases Were Hopeless.
I
Tree One Week's Trial Package of This
Wonderful BemeOr "Which Rebuilds
the Structure of Youth and Gives
Ton Back the Vitality Toa
Save Xioit. Send Ko Money,
Simply Tour Kama
and Address.
Rereaer»t!ve Tableti is the only recognized
positive «.nd permanent cure for Lost Man-
hood in mil Its forms and stages. 'i>r
It Is scientifically prepared by the best chem-
ist* tn the world. The reputation of the In-
stitution Is such that all chysiclans know
when they etand sponsor for a remedy that
remedy xnust be exactly as represented. And
when upon their reoutation they make the
•Utemcst that Regenerative Tablets will cure
all cases of Lost Uashood. Spermatorrhoea,
Varicocele or* weakness of any nature of the
serve or orxans a cure must be positive and
permanent. This company will send every
person who .is sufferine from nervous diseases I
a week's treatment absolutely free. There Is
but one test of genuine medicine and that is
the results which are obtained by its use;
if it cure* the disease for which it is pre-
pared It is a true remedy. This Is the test
by which the Fallopla Lynn Company wish !
their one-week free treatment to be tried I
After using Regenerative Tablets one treck the
sufferer will find new vigor ln his organs;
new force ln bis rouscles; new blood in his
veins; new ambition; a new man in vitality
health and appearance. Regenerative Tablets
has a peculiarly grateful effect and the pa-
tient feels the benefit after its first day's use.
It roes direct to the seat of the trouble, no'
xnsttcr of how long standing, giving etren*rth
and development where It js needed. This
marvelous remedy banishes all feellnrs of
bashfulness toward the opposite sex, cures all
the ills and troubles that come from early '
sbuee. excess of overwork and business cares,
all of which result ln premature lots of
rtrerfrth end memory, emissions, impotency
and varicocele. Regenerative Tablets will ef-
fect a cure at any age. There Is no, case that
It will not care permanently, except where
epllepty or Insanity has already been reached.
Fallopla Lynn Company maxes no restrictions.
Every person who writes will be sent a week's
treatment absolutely free and postpaid, care-
fully wrapped in a plain package with no
advertising on it to indicate what it contains.
They have received thousands of letters from
people all over the country, telling of the most
astonishing cures made by Regenerative Tab-
lets. Their one-week free offer is^genulne, and
no embarrassing questions asked. Write to-
day to the Fallopla Lynn Company. 720 Bur-
lington Building, St. Louis. Mo., and receive
the week's treatment free. Their book, which
Is also free and sent with the free treatment,
will explain how to take the treatment ln pri-
rate and cure yourself at home.
.. ADVERTISEMENTS.
I 8J8-82O /^\APK&T 5x, 5 A tt FRAKOSCO. |
V SXBBO2TS. VE2I.IXG3. !#
S Sat i? al i y R'A 0011 for fancy work; Chiffon Drare Veilinss" 11-2 yards «
g all shades; 10 yards in bolt. lOe long; In afl colors" regular 75c. g
8 0111 tOT C0Ua " Speclal Monday and Twsday 39c. g
« No 1 11 ia ™»- i ~i «« Drape Veils tn large assortment of $
n .nJrtir" 10 y ln plece: re S 3 £e: different patterns; regular 33c; §
« xt p i ?v , '\\'"J ";•••. -°« special 17c ea o
8 «^rf a l y " n P CCe: res -»A C: Jt ? Une or «l»slon Veiling; nne qual- , g
£ N*nii9 Yft*\rV"; 2 - e ity: ln a11 shades; regular 15c: &
Q >.o. 1 1-2— 10 yds in piece; reg. 3Sc; special ... Sc yd o
§ No 8P t! b- 'yds.' in -piece;' Veg. S8g tJ^^TiS ?£ ** I
« special 35c ' *Hx. IiASIES. £
5 Beautiful shades of Pillow Ribbons: oti^mfr^^ caD ? bl l ? p . f *«PPly ln S £
§ regular price p.r yd., 35o; special ™g$ RibCMM!^. JKS#£S |
I Ladies' ConaVroundatVo'nV/poln^ SglS^&wlSSSSffiSSR 8
$ T»«il,5 ln: 8peclal Monda y an< i complete and our prices Vih give §
ft i uesday -; c ea satisfaction. ~
6 " ~~ — ¦ — 1 — _ __ ___ ___^___ c>
» liEATHEB OOOSS. MTB3O1S3. $?
g Carriage and Automobile Ba*». In Ebony Mirrors, handle and easel back «
§ StfM'U^lSg e^ handle ' fehV5feSSl~^ I
« Carriage Bars. ar«orted colors, with Magnifying Mirror*. »tarid and bant? £>
g enake chain. 92.5O up. double faced, from *t.OO up. O
» Walrus and Seal Wrist Bass, fitted Shaving Mirrors, in triplicate fnrm In "Ok
aj fl.nO up. wood backs, ail colors. French rlat» In <3
I Bo^rT.^ 41^ ™ st Bag> - ctte<i - ¦^ffitos^.gsas I
§ Imitation AIHgator Club Bags. COc up. ££?*$.& up"" """"' Fr<?nCh jg
rt We always carry a full and complete Easel Rark Mirrors In any shar>» d# 2-
g line of ladles combination and clasp sired, all colors of wood; they hari «r «
« purses. 25c up. stand. »1.2S up. S W g
g TABI.S DECOBATXOZTS POB THAITXSGrWTKO. <¦*
g Drawn work. Hemstitched and Lace Pap* Doylies, lOc. 15c and 23c per S
dozen. Guest Cards in various designs. Crackers Autumn Leave?. Feathers Oys «
?z> ter Shells, Life Preservers. Fish. Swe-?t P-»<*s. etc. Pecan and Almon-l Holders ln 8
» special shapes. Turkeys. Hearts, Shields. Flowers. Leaves, etc.. lOc to SOo dozen S
W Roses, Flowers and other fancy designs In solid colors of red. gre»n and p!~k 8
J-£ Ice cases, plain or fancy. DAINTY Menu Cards. Elegant assortment of Bonbons. lOc 5
JS to w^.r.O dozen. Fairy Lamps In various shapes, red. green, blue, yellow nlnlc S
W end white. ' v
8 BOOIC BAZOAirS. CHATTEBBOX for Idttle Tolis SOo. 8
Q At 15e— Handsome books, daintily Bar Sln'ster by R. Harding Davis gtl.OS 8
Q bound in white, gold and flowers. Love Success by W R. Hearst 95e 5Cf
Q and Friendship. Intellect. Self-Reliance. Jennie Baxter, by Rob-rt Barr 5«© J*f
« Manners. Character. Tho Use and Mis- Little Rivers, by Van r>yke Sl.OS K
« use of Books. J. Cole. Max and Gerald. _ * ....,_ .. , ,. «
« Tne Choice of Books. The Three Mus- _ TTEW BASKETS. g
* keteers On the City Wall. The Man Who Choice new styles and designs in Candy §
*" Was, On Greenhow Hill. Beyond the Baskets, in ribbon and lace effect, g
« Marshes. Little Pillows. Mornln* Bells. Waste Baskets, ln solid colors of white. O
3) Popular Amusements and 100 other titles. srreen. red or blue. 1C0 style* to select <%
U A BABE CHANCE. fTOm ' 25c to * 4 - 5 ° §
8 Chambers' Encyclopedist bound in ' TBTJ3IKS AT CTJT PBXOSS. g
« library cloth. 15 volumes, unabridged. Ask «. to "" the "ffl-taw*! trunks and J5
8 the complete set. ?1O. New American- » av « 25 P« r cent : al ln *™4 ««*«• 8
§ lied Encyclopedia Brlttanica, bound ln $20 Trunks.»l."».OO 112 Trunks.. fO.OO «
JD half Russia, 10 volumes, the complete- SIS Trunks.#13.5O $10 Trunks.. $7 .5O Y
8 set. ?12.oO. The above sets are about $15 Tnmks.#ll.OO $9 Trunk*.. ftt.OO S
8 half price. . $14 Trunks. $10.00 $6 Trunks. .$4 JW> &
« KNIVES. BAZOBS AND SxTEASS GBOTTITD A2ID EEPAIEED. S
8 PICTUEE XKAMES OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS MADE TO OBOSS. X
"a3aCS0S08gC8J9O608O9g3C8O«8aa^
£ £
& •••OvClais *Ls 1 EJ 1 §%§J^4 l> lollies %'••• 'o
8 We have placed on. oar new rug exhibitors one of the finest col- §
£> lections of Axminster and Velvet Rugs ever shown in this city, many #
« finished in the latest Oriental designs and effects. Special attention has S
-» been given in the selection of our carpets, resulting in our getting the S
« choicest patterns in the market. We can sell these 20 per cent cheaper §
ft than elsewhere, as we have no rent to pay and give our patrons the benc- O
8 fit in low prices and easy terms. 8
I The J. NOONAN FURNITURE CO. I
1 1017-1023 MISSION STREET, §It has been decided' that the 'new Liver
pool cathedral is -to-be btiilt ; 6f 'local ped
sandstone; . : .. . .¦ • -.; ?"; '„» . >' , . ¦ '
Jean Dwyer, the school teacher Whose
dismissal from the department on No
vember 23 was ordered a few days ago
by the Board of Education, took her
troubles.into court yesterday. She filed
an action for a writ of review of the
proceedings of the board, basing -her
suit on the allegation that Superintend
ent of Schools Langdon did not in
vestigate the charges preferred against
her as the charter-provides. Attorney
S. V. Costejlo-represent».hfri\.' / ;.v
Wants Board's Action Reviewed,
Six boys broke into the clubhouse at
the' baseball grounds at Ninth and
Bryant streets last. Sunday and stole
about $70 worth of goods. Including uni
forms, bats, balls and masks. They
also tore the pictures from the walls
and unscrewed the brass valves. Some
carpenters' tools that were in the club
house were also stolen. Detectives
Bunner and Freel recovered the stolen
property, which the boys had sold, and
yesterday morning they arrested James
Rafferty, Peter McGlvney and George
Flannagan and booked them at the
City Prison on a charge of burglary.
They were sent to the Juvenile Court.
Boys Wreck a Clubhouse.
Miller was engaged in changing th» belt
when the accident occurred. The sleeve
of his shirt caught in the revolving celt
and he was carried into the air and
around the shaft. Fellow-workmen came
to Miller's assistance in time to save his
life, and h« was extricated from his per
ilous position.
The Buffering man was removed to the
Central Emergency Hospital, where his
injuries were treated. While the opera
tion was ?oinsr on. Miller retained his
composure and never as much as* mur
mured, though suffering Intense pain.
Henry Miller. 233 Langdon street, a ma
chinist In a planing: mill at Sixth and
Hooper streets, had a narrow escape from
a frightful death yesterday afternoon,
when he was caught in a revolving . belL
As it was, Miller's right arm was nearly
torn from its socket and his right thfgrn
bone was fractured In two places, and he
received many minor bruises and cuts.
Henry Miller Has a Miraculous Es
cape From Death While at Work
In Planing Mill.
MACHINIST MANGLED
BY REVOLVING BELT
The various local laundries have
formed a combination and hereafter all
the concerns will be under one direct
management, to be known as the Met
ropolitan Laundry Company. The di
rectors say that the new association
wfll render much better service to the
public than hertofore and state posi
tively that there will be no inerease
over the present prices. *» v ;v. 1
According to the prime movers in the
new scheme, work can be done much
faster and better results will follow, as
a large amount of money is to be spent
in equipping the various plants with
the latest and most improved laundry
machinery. The following directors
have been elected for the first year:
Louis SIoss. W. H. Talbot, William
Thomas and Henry Rosenf eld.- The
combine was organized by the law firm
of Thomas & GerstleJ "
Various Plants Have Now Combined
Under the Name of Metropolitan .
Company. •\1>
LOCAL LAXnTDBTES MERGED
INTO ONE LABQE CONCEBN
Ji Riches have.wingsr.but they"don't seem
to^hayV'any tail . that you can; put 'salt
The suit for f amages against" the
Oceanic Steamship Company filed - by
James Brown, the mariner whose tale
of untold riches to be > had -for the
searching in the Cocos Islands prompt
ed the flttiAg out " of an expedition
whlph proved unsuccessful, was dis
missed yesterday. riBrown" was arrested
upon the return of the expedition^ and
he sued :for*eavy; damages 5 because
the arrest took place on ''one of the de-'
f endant company's ' Bteamships. ' ,.: .„ \':]:'*\*
Brown's Damage Suit , Dismissed.
Warrants were secured yesteray for
the arrest of J, H. Meyers, 606 Valen
cia street; "John Doe" Devlne, 3207
Twenty-second street; "John Doe"
Winegar, 1318 Valencia . street, . and
"John Doe,"; 1002 Valencia street, on
charges of violating. the pool-selling
ordinance. Captain Anderson detailed
Policeman William Meltke to watch
stores where it was suspected that
pool-selling was going on and the four
warrants is the result of. hia -vigilance.
'Accused of Selling Pools.
The board of directors of the California
Historic Landmarks League met yester
day afternoon at J.* J." Lerman's offlce.'In
the Clau* Spreckels building.
The meeting was called • for the pur
pose of hearing a final report on the work
In progress on i the Mission San Antonio
de Padua; Monterey County. President
Joseph R. Knowland, who has made-two,
trips to, the -Mission within a month, re
ported the east 'and west walls complete
ly rebuilt? from I the century-old • adobes
lying about the ancient area. Thirty feet
of the roof had been laid by November
10, and all the work done thus far thor
oughly protected by temporary sheathing.
All the lumber unused had been securely
stored in the old ; sanctuary, until spring,
when the work will be resumed., provided
funds are available by \ that time. . The
sum of $1200 was on' hand when the work
was undertaken by the league, and was
so small ia sum as to bring forth, amused
comment from builders. But what with
strict ' economy, judicious = purchase v of
lumber and , the contribution of much la
bor, i a' gigantic amount of work has been
done within". that sum,; leaving a small
balance on ; the , right side of.. the ledger.
President -Knowland . believes that . $1000
will finish the work on. this, the nnest of
the old. missions in Northern California; '
" ' The report 'of : the secretary, Mrs. Laura
Bride Powers,' showed 'a wonderful awak
ening of ; the t people of California to this
work-of saving , to the. future. these- struc
turesitbat mean so much, architecturally
historically and • ethicaHy.'
Old Missions Are Being Kept in a
State of Repair by Directors of
- ' Organization.
LANDMARK LEAGUE IS
DOING EXCELLENT WORK
Stetson petitions the board not to ap
peal from the Judgments rendered, and
that a demand In the sum named be
drawn therefor on the city treasury, as
the City Attorney has held that the
claims are legal charges against the city.
John W. Stetson, attorney for the Cali
fornia State Commission of Lunaby, sent
a communication yesterday to the Board
of Supervisors, in' which he calls atten
tion to the fact that there were duly en
tered in the Superior Court Judgments
against the city and county and favor
of various State hospitals for money due
them for the expense of keeping crim
inal insane persons. ' '
The list of judgments* Included those
in favor of the Napa State Hospital, • for
$050; Mendocino State Hospital, $450; Ag
news State Hospital, $334; Mendocino
State Hospital, - $375; Mendocino ' State
Hospital, $373, and Agnews State Hos
pital, $370. Total, $2734.
State Lunacy Commission Recovers
Judgment and Asks Supervisors
to Allow Claims.
CITY MUST PAY* FOR KEEP
OF THE CRIMINAL INSANE
-Mrs. Fipo Ditronla, 1102 Sixth street,
drank a quantity of bichloride of mercury
with Bulddal intent yesterday morning.
She was taken to the Emergency Hos
pital for ' treatment. She will recover.
Domestic troubles were the cause of the
woman's attempt on her life. Her hus
band appeared at the" hospital and the
pair were reconciled.
Woman Attempts Suicide.
The threatened action to revoke
lease of the premises at Geary street
and Grant avenue held by the Maison
Riche Catering Company wag filed yes
terday. The plaintiffs in the case, Louis
Meyerstein and Edward S. Rothchild,
who after leasing the property from w!
J. DIngee, the owner, sub-leased It to
the catering company, allege for cause
of action that their tenants by permit
ting gambling games to be run in the
building violated, one of the provisions
of their lease and forfeited their right
to continue in the possession of the
premises.
It is alleged In the complaint that the
catering company has, notwithstand
ing that the lease provided that only a
hotel and restaurant business should
be maintained on the premises, fitted
up the fourth floor of the building for
gambling purposes, so arranging the
rooms devoted to the games that en
trance and exit may be had with se
crecy. The "plaintiffs pray that judg
ment be given them terminating the
company's lease, that the premises be
restored . to them and that they be'
awarded damages and costs of the ac
tion. .
Suit to Terminate Lease of Maison
' Riche Filed by Meyerstein and /
Rothchild. , :
CHARGE LESSEES WITH
,\V VIOLATING AGREEMENT
The suit was an interesting one, in
that it developed Into a battle between
the United Railroads and the Southern
Pacific to see which corporation was
responsible. The blame was fixed upon
the Southern Pacific, which was repre
sented by Attorney Peter F. Dunne.
Attorney Charles S. Wheeler defended
the interests of the United Railroads.
The plaintiffs case was presented by
Naphtaly, Freldenrich & Ackerman.
The question of whether the United
Railroads or the Southern Pacific Com
pany was responsible for the collision
between an electric car and a train at
Sunnyside crossing in September, 1902,
was decided yesterday in Judge Kerri
gan's court. The jury before which was
tried the suit for $50,000 damages
brought by Israel Goldberg, a passen
ger on/ the electric car, who lost a le'g
as a result of the collision, rendered a
verdict for 514.200 damages against. the
Southern Pacific Company, thus com
pletely exonerating the United Rail
roads.
Jury in Judge Kerrigan's Court Gives
Israel Goldberg Verdict for
$14,200 Damages.
C. Julius Janssen was arrested yes
terday by Detectives T. B. Gibson and
"Whltaker on a warrant charging him
with forgery and was booked at the
City Prison. The complaining witness
against him is N. M. Rothenberg of the
firm of M. Rothenberg & Co., wholesale
liquor merchants, 423 Kearny street,
who alleges that on Wednesday last
Janssen passed a forged draft on him
for $18 60.
A few hours later Janssen was
booked on another charge of forgery,
the complaining witness being Bert
Nason of the firm of Xason & Hogan,
42 California street. Nason alleges that
Janssen passed a forged draft for $27 50
on his (Nason's) firm on October 30. It
was payable on sight to Janssen's or
der and was> drawn on the Janssen
Commission Company of Eureka, which
has been out of business for some time.
The draft purported to have been
drawn by Alpers & Bruhns.
"The police say that Janssen has been
passing numerous "drafts on business
men in this city and that other charges
of forgery will be preferred against
him.
C. Julius Janssen Is Arrested and
Two Charges Booked Against
, TTjttv
ACCUSED OF PASSING
MANY FORGED DRAFTS
VICTORIA. B. C Nov. 21. — The Vic
toria Board of Trade last night passed
resolutions indorsing Hon. Joseph Cham
berlain's fiscal policy for the Brltsh em
pire.
Little Cecil Cowlei, the . nine-year-old
pianist, will perform at a recital to be
given Thursday evening, December 3, at
Stelnway Hall, 223 Sutter street. -
The little girl will play selections from
the leading composers, as well as some
of her own compositions. The following
programme will be given: Fantasle, D
minor (Mozart); fant&sie. E minor (Cecil
Cowles): Impromptu (Cecil Cowles);
"Fugue." op. 5. No. 3 (Rheinberger) ; "Ar
abeske." op. 18 (Schumann); "Vogel als
Prophet," op. £2, No. 7 (Schumann); "Pa
plllons," op. 2 (Schumann): "Romance
Pathetlque." No. 1, E major (Floer
ehelm); "Fruehllngsrauschen," op. 3?. No.
3 (Sinding); intermezzo, op. 110, No. 1
(Brahms); waltz G minor, posthumous
(Chopin); "Etude," op. 25, No. 2 (Chop-
In): "Humoreake," op. 10V No. 7
(Dvorak); "Humoreske," op. 101, No. 1
(Dvorak).
FIXES BLAME FOB ACCIDENT
ON THE S0UTHEBN PACIFIC
Little Cecil Cowles to
Perform at Stein
way Hall.
SAN JOSE. Nov. it —^W. "W.. Turney
of Campbell to-day received word that
he had been appointed fruit Inspector of
this district by Governor Pardee. He
was Indorsed by all the granges of Santa
Clara County tot the position, Turney
resides at Campbell and Is one of the
best known orchardlsts of this county.
Governor Barnes Fruit Inspector.
TAXJEiNTED CHILD WHO "WTl-L
GIVB A PIANO RDCTTAIj
BARL.T tTEXT MONTH.
Over sixty members of the Legisla
ture, a majority of both houses, have
assured Governor Chamberlain that
they will enact none but legislation
which they deemed absolutely neces
sary to the welfare of the State and
adjourn at the earliest possible date.
Had the extra session not been called
the State and all counties, {owns and
school districts would have been thrown
upon their own resources and Interest
upon warrant indebtedness would have
resulted therefrom. The State has thou
sands of dollars In excess of the cost of
the special session.
: SALEM, Or., Xov. 21.— Governor
| Chamberlain to-day issued a call to the
members of the Legislative Assembly
of. Oregon, commanding' them to meet
at the Capitol building in this city on
Monday, December 21, 1903, for tho pur
pose of convening in extraordinary ses-
J Eion to enact laws to provide for levy
I of taxes oa assessment rolls for the
j year 1303. £ - ' V. % ''-j.' : ' \ \ ">>
\ This call was made necessary from
I the fact that a defect existed in the
, act passed by the" Legislative Assem
| bly of 1903, providing the manner of
! assessment and the levy and collection
j of taxes, known as the Phelps law.
j The Phelps law repealed the old law,
j but did not provide for a tax -levy of
I 1903, thus leaving the State and coun
! ties without nevenue from taxation for
I an entire^ year.
"Labor and capital are too often at
a^variance, but as fire and water forced
to co-operate produce the all-powerful
agent steam, labor and " capital,
working for each other's interests, pro
duce the wealth of the world."
T. B. Kinne of Portland and W. J.'
Thomas of Sausalito led the discussion.
Howard Stillman, engineer of tests of
the Southern Pacific Company, read a
paper on "Structural Changes In
Wrough Iron." "William A. Doble' of
this city and H. C. Barnes, electro-me
chanical expert of the Southern Pacific
Company at West Oakland, took an
active part in the discussion:
The important question of the even
ing was: "Can the Brown system of
discipline be improved? "TVouId it not
be advisable to de-rate the employe, a
percentage of the marks given In. the
record of suspension against his senior
ity?" W. H. Sheasby.of Fresno, H. L.
Stevenson of West Oakland; T. R.
Jones of Tucson. . Ariz.; , H. H. Hale of
Dunsmuir and J. G. Sloan of Tucson,
Ariz., read papers on the subject. Ow
ing to the unavoidable absence of some
of the speakers. Secretary C. C. Bor
ton read the papers prepared for the
occasion.
"Capital, before investing In any en
terprise, must be protected against loss
and also assured of a reasonable in
come. This protection can be afforded
to a great extent by labor, and the
workman should be early impressed
with this responsibility and brought 'to
realize that in protecting his employer
he" also protects himself from enforced
Idleness and consequent hardship, pri
vation and'want in his family.
Interesting papers were read before
the members of the Pacific Coast Rail
way Club at its meeting in the Palace
Hotel last evening. The papers were
highly technical and the discussion
which followed their reading proved
very beneficial to the railroad men
present B. A. "Worthlngton, assistant
to the general manager of the Southern
Pacific, presided at the meeting.
F. V. Carman's paper on labor and
its application and management, both
In construction and maintenance, was
well received. In part he said:
"The Ideas that I shall advance here
are the result of thirty-two years' ex
perience in handling labor in the vari
ous occupations connected with the
construction and . maintenance of
bridges and buildings and the manu
facture of bridge and building mate
rial. In constructing and maintaining
railways there are three factors to be
considered. The first is capital, the
second material and the third labor.
The last forming, as it does, about the
largest expense item in railway man
agement, should receive careful study
In. order to produce the best "results for
the money expended. Capital is the
controlling power and provides the ma
terial or physical properties, but upon
labor devolves all the building up and
embellishment of these properties, their
care and protection. ; .
Promise Is Made That the
Session Will Be Very
Short.
Paoiflo Coast Club Members
Are. Enlightened by
Experts.
Oregon Lawmakers Will
Meet to Arrange
a Tax Levy.
Technical Subjects -Dis
cussed by Able «
Engineers/
RAILROAD MEN
READ PAPERS
GOVERNOR CALLS
THE LEGISLATORS
GIRL PIANIST
WILL APPEAR
IN RECITAL
THE SAN IB ANCISCO CALL, STJN DAY, NOVEMBER £2, 1903.
33
A 50c Bottle of Liquozone and Give It to You to 'Try.
¦.,-i Liquozone— liquid oxygen—is . the the blood that no germ coald lire in r£,«it«rr-DUrrb«a Bcrofai^srpwnt. *
only product that can kill germs in any membrane or tissue. - ¦ Dandruff— oroxwjr ¦ stomach Tronbi«.
the body without Wliag;. you. No Liquozone does that. The results iSSSSA^^
man knows any other way to destroy are so certain that we- publish on Sl7. tr *~^* 11 s " a «« Tumor.— uic«»
the_ cause of any germ disease. ; every bottle an offer of $iooo?for a gSSrtSSa^ ftWoi*^
..I Vis new to America, and millions germ that it cannot kill. Yet oxygen ah di««» M that b«cin with ferer^In i«.
Who need it don t know of it. For is Nature's greatest tonic — the very fl*™™*tiont|ga. catarrh— an conu»iou« di»-
that reason we make this remarkable source of your vitality. ¦ Its effects btoST re *° It " of imvaT1> «_pd«aw4
offer. We will buy the first bottle are exhilarating) purifying, vitalizing la ' n«rrou« debtntr Liqoaiona acu «s *
and give it to you if you need it>^ We But germs are vegetables, ' and this Tlt * llxer « *«»«apii«hto« what no <sn»*» caa da.
wiir doit willingly, gladry, to con- excess of oxygen— the very life of an en- D«.*.^.i^. tt '• "
vince" you at once and forever that animal— is deadly to vegetable mat- .OUW , D.OltlC rTCe«,
Liquozone does kill germs. • ter. BaBB
£« r' « - - rv A Vv " : Wc s P cn d 14 days in making each If you . ° ee . d Li q n ozone, and have 1 '
'. ; ;We Paid $100,000 bottle .of Liquozone, and -the' result nev «. tried ,t, please send us this
¦' ., •¦¦¦:-V- T . ,- i is liquid oxygen— the ' best thing in cou P° n - We will then mail you an'
for the rights to Liquozone for the the world for you, yet certain de- ¦?„ r . on y° ur loc al druggist for a
¦United States. We tested this prod- struction to disease germs where- t ulI - Slzc bottle, and we will pay
uct for .years in the most difficult ever the Liquozone-laden blood goes Y OUT dru S?jst ourselves for it. This
germ diseases; then we bought these - * '» our free gift,* made to convince you;
rights for the highest price ever paid \ f> et , m . niiEf»nc*»cs to show you what Liquozone is, and
for a "scientific discovery. .',.;• UWI «'» uiosdCCBi what it lean do. Injustice to yourself.
We paid that price because Liquo- ~. , ,, - . please accept it to-day, for it places
zone 'does .what all the skill in- the incse are the known germ dis- you under no obligation whatever,
world 'cannot do' without -it. •:•;- Any c £ scs \ A » ¦ /n" medicine can do for Liquozone costs 50c and $i.
drug that kills'- germs is a poison to . thcse Roubles is to help Nature over- j ' ' \
you. and it cannot be taken internally. ?°™ e the germs, and such results are CUT OUT THIS COUPON
The^best physicians,' the world over, J nd , ire^ and ""certain. Liquozone tm &* effer „, not appear -„,
employ -t Liquozone alone for germ' kl " s * he germs, wherever they are, out th. bunj» «d man n tothe Uqnw
trouble; and any ¦ physician Who and the results are, inevUable. By o«n._ca. aa-M e. anai. st. Chicw
doesn't is 'almost' helpless in any destroying, the cause, of the trouble My di«.« u
germ -disease. , inva "ably ends the disease, and 1 hav» B «rer trted ijqao«ona. but if you
:-.,,.. . forever. . .: will , anpply m* a.50o, botU» £re« I wiu
JUSt Oxygen." . ¦ fe*** : \ , Hay Fertr-lnfluenxa "*
; y, &'¦ - ' Ab8ce»«— Anemia Kidney Diseases ... .... .... >
is :simp^;iiquid oxygen jl^^iU, '• ' '; -^ .....,...;..
—no: drugs, no alcohol, in it. It tlS Brlshf > rHaeaji* Liver Ttoubln* ................
the discovery of Pauli,.the;greatGer- ' S^iB^m *" • M»i«-u-Neunu«u ai4 f ..-: ..."
I—— *-»-*--_ • "'ti. — - — - ¦» o 1 Cougns— Colas Many Heart TrwiM<^ l^^— »¦—^^^« p ¦ ¦¦¦-' — ¦—^Ew»-^.fc«> — tt*^iwir^» *jd . >
man Chemist, who^ Spent 2O. years On ConsumrUon - Ptleii-PneumSu* ¦ ,O1t» fall addrw-wrlte plainly. .-; -j,
it His . object Was to get such an Colic— Croup : Pleurisy— Quinsy Smmm ~? m T. . . — ¦"¦"" . r
errMd' of nrvff^n ? in «tanU . Inrm • !»f « >* CoMtipatlon Rheumatism Any physlclaa or hospital not - yet uslnf
excess .o; : QX> gen, in, siapJC; form! into ! Catarrh— C»oc« SklaOttUMa • XiqooMU will b. gladly fuppUM for • VmCZ
-"./. . NEW A3DVEBTISEMiafT& . .'I' , .' . '¦, ,\_ _.
Newb r o's He r pi e i d e
THE HUNTERS CAME TOO LATE!
Their Faithful Dog has pointed out the True Remedy to prevent Bald-
ness, but the Hunters came too late— Chronic Baldness is Incurable.
HERPICIDE A " HAIRSAVER." teach new rales for scalp cleanliness, new rules for hair
. * = preservation and to supply a germ-destroying solution
Newbro's Herpicide saves the" hair by destroying the that will enable any one to save their natural head
germ or microbe that is^now known to be the cause of covering,, providing they take the least bit of interest
dandruff, falling hair and baldness. In chronic bald- in this direction. As a hair dressing Newbco s.Herpt-
.. , • c ii- i ! * i * u- a -....* cide is truly exquisite, on account of its dainty and xe-
ness the hair follicles are completely atrophied caus- freshi o J O r, which is characteristic. Chemically pare,
ing the scalp to shrink and shine; little can be done in it contains no O n p grea ' se or sedimentary substance,
such cases except to save the remaining "fringe," and neither does it stain nor dye the hair. It stops itching
this is well worth saving, for it offers some protection of the scalp almost instantly,
aeainst the cold GOOD BXSTn/rs 7SOM tbh STAST.
T , „„ • r* » • r it t* • k » « "My hair started to fall out about six years ago,
The Ha,r Grower is a -fallacy It requires but a and t J Qugh j havfi spent money whh doctors -; and tricd
slight knowledge of Anatomy and Physiology to know cvery hair prepa ration on earth, including the celebrated
that the hair gets its life and strength from the hair- jjair Remedies, did not receive any benefit, ia
papilla at the bottom of the hair follicle, and the papilla fact^some of ¦ them made my hair fall worse than be-
in turn gets its nourishment direct from the blood; fore. Herpicide has helped me from the start, my
therefore nature is the only true hair grower. There hair has stopped falling, roy scalp is fine and clean, and
are enemies of hair growth that cause hair loss and new *"*"¦ seems to be coming in _ , ~ ,•
baldness. Invisible microbic growths enter the sebace- (Signed) J. JOKING, Petaluma, CaL
ous glands, situated at the top of the hair follicles (D, % ££&* JS T^ft&SF** % %
? • t^X L?L ?Jj MIL ™*™u{ of Herpicide a ftvr months ago that, t^M?3->
Xl\&$ u y CnterS , the S^ t aIp m >.° U ?' like the majority of such preparations, fcfS^
mlWm Sa e bHsh°e n d e ( untYna ly r afre n r°montli *s\T SJVn [hfcomra^v jUsM^
IMUjB ' 2 lul P *",?,,:?, '"Li I i£ -' Barbers throughout the section in 011/^
'^llfe ? ebu 7 alS ° /ohdifies causing dry, hJ h j , „ d attention to the -X®,«fi^p
ill^B "? terl ? ss , and - bn "' e hain D «troy new hair sprouting out on my scajp, J^Sgwjf ,
L h ' S micr .° h l c ( v>th . and P f Ot . ect , th . e and they inquired what I had been Wa^lffiW../
ag !l m reinfectlon - and . the ha > r using.. I hav-e told them, also giving
KW&k%£ 1S i° U w d ° r ° W - aS , natUrC J ntended - your name and address." ' )1^^W
%W^m#? Newbrps Herpicide is a Twentieth (Signed) ALF R. KELLY. /p\^X|/
\fi?"' VhS^r 1 Century Remedy. Its mission is to San Francisco. 'L^^^^j
Xsjggggg*^ Send JO cts. in stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co^ Detroit, Mich.
A Healthy Hair. ; " DESTROY THE CAUSE— YOU REMOVE THE EFFECT." An Unhealthy Hair.
.-. • ADVZB.TISE2CENTS.
What Is
GataFrh?
If You Have Any of theTollowing
" 1 Symptoms Send Your Name
and Address To-Day.v-
Is your breath " foul ? Is yotfr voice
husky? l£ your hose stopped? Do
you snore at night? Do you sneeze a
; great deal? Do you have frequent
| pains in the forehead? Do you have
j pains across the eyes? Are you losing
i your sense of smell? Is there a drop-
i ping In the throat? Are you losing your j
! ser.se of taste? Are you gradually ;
getting deaf? Do you hear buzzing
sounds? Do you have ringing In the
ears? Do you suffer with nausea of
the stomach? Is there a constant bad
taste in the mouth? Do you have a
hacking cough? Do you cough' at
Hight? Do you take cold easily? If
so, you have catarrh.
Catarrh is not only dangerous in this
way, but it causes ulceratlons, death
and decay of bones, loss of thinking
and reasoning power, kills ambition
and energy-, often causes loss of ap-
petite, 1 indigestion, dyspepsia, . raw
throat and reaches to general debility,
idiocy and insanity. It needs attention
at once. Cure it with Gauss' Catarrh '
Cure. It Is a quick, radical, permanent
cure, because it rids the system of the
poison germs that cause catarrh. "
In order to prove to all who are suf-
fering from this dangerous and loath-
some disease that Gauss' Catarrh Cure
will actually cure any case of catarrh
quickly, I will send a trial package by
mail free of all cost. Send us your
name and address to-day and the
treatment will be sent you by return
mail. Try it. It will positively cure
so that you will be welcomed instead of
shunned by your friends. Write to-day;
you may forget it to-morrow. C. E.
GAUSS, 1837 Main street, Marshall,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
rwILLGiVESioOO
-2^^^. If I fail to cure any
CANCER
|H or lumor I treat
yjfc— ••^^ £*^w > bcierc It poisons
M Ho Kaifel Ho Pain!
£*± P Ho Pay Until fared
**> // caiH"ers ttan aay other doctor
-sy! living. Why experiment wlih th«
fcw -**r*jr 1 swindling JC Ray or home txcut-
ra£^s^L :^ at;y lump in a
. WOMAN'S BREfiST ISOANGER
Tber always ro'sos tho glands In tho ariapit
cad -^ju'dtr; tbea c-inzis oTten lrspossi ble. Anj
tuxcr. Iuil? or tore ca tha LIP. PACE or any-
•wae'e six contts Is ncarl/ aIksts cancer.
• Xbcy never pain until alcost past cura.
120 PAGE BOOK. SENT FREE.
\r . — ; ' ---^ and tc.°i;~?n:s^s of thousands
cured nrtioa jou caa ass aua ta ;k with.
Dr. S. R- CHAMLEY «& CO.
•• Strictly Reliable." Two Lady Assistants.
25 Third 5t. t San Francisco, Cal.
SEND TO SOMEONE Y/ITH GANGER
. TKft'outpui of
j ANDREW USHER
;!st largest bec&uss il Is'
acknowlcdgtcl the BEST
[Scotch Whisky]
< eil over the globe
Willan WoK f lCo. mMoso
4
I "Kias of cH BotUe^J Beers.".
« I Brewed £rota B ohemian Hops, i |
H SOLOEVEEVWHESe.
1 KH.URHT MERCANTILE CO.. '.
R Pacific Ccast Ac-:.u.
/Sh EXPERr OPTICIANS. f£rS
I /V HAKE OCULISrS Y{j[
SJ Prescription
EYE GLASSES H
At Moderate Cost.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
S£\<C f'^S. Steaaseri leave Eaa Fran-
/r^J^ —^Q«V Cisco aa follows:
Ag_ XiA F"cr Ketchikan. 'Wra.nrel.
iH.' '^_jl"'^{» -A Juneau. ];a:r.»f. ficagwav,
I I- \UQa ! 1 '•-'-. Alaska— 11 a. m.. Nov.
I I \^P> ,1 I 22. 27. I>«c. ::. Char.fe to
w\ V\ TjOGr cempanr'e eteassera at Seat-
s' hi*tf&/ Fcr Victoria. VancouT»r.
•" — *"^ Pert Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
«im, E>*erevt. "Whatconi— 11 a. ra., Nov. 22. 27.
Dec. 2. Change at Seattle to this company's
rte£.aer» for Alaska tni G. X. Ry. : at Seattle
cr Tacoma. to X. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P.
Kail way.
K6r Eureka (HmnboUt Bay) — Pcmor.a, 1:30
p. m., Nov. 24, 30. Dec C; Coroca. 1:00 p. xa.. |
S>v. 21. 27. Dec. 3. . !
For Los Armeies (via Port Lea Anselea ar.d !
Redcndc), fcan Diero and Santa Barbara — San- i
ta Rosa. £undayF. 9 a. is.
Ftate of California, Thursday*. 8 a. m.
For I>oa An^-flea /via San Pedro and East j
Pan Pedro), tianta Barbara. Fanta Crut, lion- !
terey, Ben Bimecn. CajTicos, Port Hartord tS?n
X-ui* Oblspo). Ventura end Huer.etne.
(loo* Bay. 9 a. in.. Nov. 25. Dec. 3. ¦
Bcnita. 8 a. m., Nov. 21. Itl. Dec 7.
Fcr Knsenada. Ma?da!ena Bay, San Jcse 6*1
Cabo. Altaia, La Paz, Santa Ro-
eaiia. Guayznsa (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
tnonth.
For further lnformatltjn obtain folder.
Iil^t.t Is reser\'ed to change eteamers cr eall-
lr«r datee.
TICKET OITICES— i New Montgom-
ery etreot (Palace Hote:>, 10 Market street and
Errr&iv.a.y wharves.
Frelrht office. 10 Market street ' *
C. D. DL'XANN, General Passenger A»rent. i
10 Market street. Ean Francisco.
¦ ' ;
O, /?. <S N. COi
*'Co!unib!a" eallr 'Soy. 19_ 29. Dec. 9 IS, ]
23. "Georg-e W. Eider" sails Nov. 24. 'life.
*. 14. 24. Only eteamshlp line to PORTLAND
OR., erd «hort rail line from Portland to eli
points East." Through tickets to all point?.
•11 rail or steamship and rail at LOWEST
BATES. ' Steamer tickets Include bertli ard
rr.-ils. Steamer ealls foot of Spear St. at 11
Pa. rn. S. F. BOOTH. Gea. Agt. Pass. Dept .
1 Montgomery et.; C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt.
Kreipfet Dejrt..' 3 Moctgomery et.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
fORJE?fTAL ETEAMSHTP CO.)
Steamers wi:i leave »harf, corner Firrt and
• Braiinan «tre*ts. at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe <Hlogo>.
K&gasakl and Shanghai, and connecting- at
fcHinrkon* with steamers for. India, etc. No
Eftrgro received on board on day cf calUnx
E S HONGKONG MARU .7771 .,
Thursday. December 3 1903
S 6. NIPPON MARU (calling at Manila)
Wednesday. December SO. 1303
€ B AMERICA MARU
.* ..'.'../. ..Monday. January 23 1W>4
Via Honolulu. Round-trip ticket* at reduced
rates For freight and passage apply at Com-
panr'« office. 421 Market Ftre*>t. corner First.
W. H. AX'ERY. General Agent.
oceaBieS.s.C6.E»SHJ
? P. ALAMKDA. for Honolulu.Nov.2$.ll a.m.
6. e. MARIPOSA, tor Tahiti. Dec. 1. 11 a. m.
I. S. VESTCRA. for HoncZolu. fiamoa. Auck-
lar.d and Sydney. Thursday, Dec 10. 2 p. m.
En£tE2a.£2] tuitUUxh. l.ft&H '
cCfiPAGKlS CEKERALE TESXBkTLlSTlVZt
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PAHIS. jfj^,.
F-:'.ins <:¦', Tfcureday instead of^5 f^3rh
Saturday, at 10 a. ra. from Pier 42, »**«£*
KV.rth River, foot of Morton street. - .•
First-ciaEs to Havre. J70 and upward. S*c-
>nd-class to Hat re $45 and . upward. GEN- •
• tJRAL AGENCY FOn UNITED STATES AND ,
TANADA. H2 Broadway (Hudson Building).
Kew York. J. F. FITGAZI &. CO.. Pacific Coast
M:enu. 6 Montgcnsfry avenue. San Fraacisco.
ticket* sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Blare lalcaa aad Vallejo Steamers. '
Steamer GEN. FRISCIE or MONTICELLO—
1:45 a. ra.. 3:15 end 6:30 p. m.. except Sunday
Sunday. 0:45 a, m.. 8:30 p. ra. Leave Vallejo,
a. tn.. 12.Z0 ar.d 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
ay. 7 a m-. ?=" P. m. FarB, 60 cents. Tel. '
f*\n X50S. Pier 2. Misslon-st. dock, HATCH
Sfpa. ¦ .
81 oei» Year. v JTrapper's Oil cares rheumatism and neuralgia.
DrurrlsU.' 50c Cask. Richard * Co.,' 406 CUy.»
McKinley Company No. 68, First Reg
iment, of .the f California '.Brigade,
Knights of Pythias, will give its second
annual military ball in Golden Gate
Hair on , the evening of • Monday, No
vember 30. Members \ol other divisions
of the regimentVwill be; in
and these, as well as those of McKinley
Company,' will be in military uniform! '
Pythian Military Ball.
A writ of attachment in the sum of
$7500 was served yesterday on Edward
Mohrig. a dealer - in bicycles at ,121 City
Hall avtnu«~ at the instance - of "W. T
Hassell.who has brought suit to recover
the amount named for goods furnished
and delivered. The Sheriffs deputies
levied on the stock belonging tq Mohrig
and also on some real estate standing in
his name ; at the corner of 'Fulton " and
Lyon streets. ' • ... .
Bicycle Dealer Attached.
George B. Keane, the Mayor's secre
tary, acted as auctioneer yesterday at an
"old horse" sale and disposed of some
material belonging to the city under a
resolution giving the necessary authority
to the Mayor. Keane sold 140,000 cobble
stones, constituting the pavement on
Spear street, from Mission to Market
which is to be replaced by a better pave
ment. J. W. McDonald was the only bid
der, .and he secured the cobbles for $140
he to remove them from the Btreet;;Mc-
Donald also bought 3000 feet of granite
crosswalks for $15 and 500 feet of granite
curbing for : $5, the material being, very
much in the way in the corporation yard
on Berry street. .
Presides at Cast-Off Sale.
Aged Policeman Succumbs.
James Harold, a retired policeman,
<!ied yesterday morning after yeara of
suffering from Inflammatory rheuma-
"Star-Spangled Banner," national an
them United States of America (the au
dience Is requested to arise and remain
standing during the rendition of this
number); march, "New England's Fin
est" (Herbert Clark); overture, "Mac
beth" (Hatton); -waltz. "Tout Paris"'
(Waldteuf el) ; solo for obo« (selected). Mr.
Charles Dickman; potpourri of Offenbach
operas . (Meyrelles); overture, "Fest"
(Lassen); (a) "Ave Maria" (Gounod-
Horst); (b) "Caprice— A Lesson In Flirta
tion" (Englander); "A Comical Contest"
(Godfrey); selection from "The Burgo
master" (Lueders); grand fantasle, "Rob
ert Bruce" (Bonnisseau); "America."
The following programme will be ren
dered by the Golden Gate Park band this
afternoon: • .
Music at the Park.
The News Letter's editorials are fearless and
to the point. Its paragraphs crisp and biting:.
Its society column is authority, and In finance,
Insurance and automobile topics it leads. * .
There is a fine article on Mormon marriages,
the usual amount of authentic political In
formation, an interview with Barney Oldfleld's
wife, and other srood things.
The Looker-On department of the News Let
ter continues to improve. A lot of hitherto
unknown facts about the arm; scandal are
told. - The Klnc and Queen of the Klondike
make subjects for an amusing article, ' and
the troubles of the women writers of the coast
are detailed. Nothing worth while escapes
the Looker-On.
Th« death of L. Dupont Syle and the causes
that led to it are subjects of stlnrine com
ment In to-day's Issue of the San Francisco
News Letter.
To-Day's News Letter.
Postponed.
, The sailing of the Pacific Coast S. S.
Co.'s steamer Corona, advertised to leave
for Eureka Nov. 21, at 1:30 p. m.. is post
poned until same hour Sunday, Nov. 22.*
tlgatlon the minority stockholders have
been forced to the conclusion that the
majority stockholders in the mine have
a reason for delaying operations at the
property, and they have joined with
the owners of other properties at Tono
pah In the opinion that an effort is be
ing made to depress the value of the
mine with a view of keeping down the
values. of the adjoining ones and event
ually forcing the owners of. the latter
to either enter into a. consolidation
scheme or sell . outright. John Brock
has for several days been conferring
with the representatives of the Mon
tana-Tonopah, the Salt Lake-Tonopah
and the North Star mines, which ad
join the property of the Tonopah Min
ing Company. '"
• WANT TO SEE THE. GOLD.
' For some time it has been contended
by the main stockholders of the Tono
pah Mining Company that the Mon
tana-Tonopah Company's claim apexes
that of the former, and hints of litiga
tion over the, alleged fact have been
made by the Philadelphia people. The
owners of the smaller property, how
ever, denounce these reports as an at
tempt on the part of the big company
to coerce the smaller mine into a sale
or a consolidation, and preparations to
meet a fight in the courts are already
under way.
So far Brock has failed to accom
plish the purpose of his visit, and is
now reported to be confronted with
more trouble at home, where the out
side stockholders, eager to realize
something on their investment, are de
manding that the Tonopah Mining
Company cease dickering for additional
holdings and proceed to get out of its
own property at least a. part of the
vast wealth that a number of experts
claim is blocked out under the ground.
One of the associates of the Brocks,
A. O. Oliver, a heavy owner of stock
in the Tonopah Mining Company, left
here yesterday after a conference with
President Brock.
TOO MANY HIGH RAT.a-rtfr
. To a number of his friends Oliver is
said to have declared that he is very
much disgusted with the management
of the mine and is anxious to dispose
of his holdings. Oliver, it is claimed,
shares with a number of Philadelphia
stockholders the opinion that the Tono
pah Mining Company is burdened with
high-salaried officials and handicapped
by a too, expensive method of mining,
to which' he directly attributes the fail
ure of the company to place the mine
in a condition where it might be im
mediately . converted into a dividend
paying corporation.
The stand taken by the Tonopah
Mining Company has aroused a very
bitter, feeling in the camp against the
managers, . or rather the controllers of
the property, in Philadelphia, and the
fact is plainly evidenced In • the utter
ances of a large number of mining men
from there who are now at the Palace.
Trouble . Is expected, and the smaller
mine owners are arraying, themselves
against the bigger corporation with a
view of thwarting any attempt to de
press values or toward assisting plans
for forcing 'the. mines to' come Into a
combination. ....
John Hays Hammond, who 'is con
sulting engineer of the Tonopah Mining
Company. and receives an annual sal
ary of $25,000, stopped over at Tonopah
on his way to the coast and inspected
the property, but as to the results of
his investigations, which were made in
conjunction with several experts of the
company, he declines to talk.
Reduced rates on household goods to and from
the East and South. Bekln's, 11 : Montgomery. ¦
In September . Scottish shipbuilders
launched . eighteen . steamships,' aggregat
ing ' 23,000 . tons. Orders are scarce and
prospects . for < the next few months are
not good."
B.F.Stoll. dentist; Haisht & Maaoaio »t»«
The parishioners of St. Brigid's
Church have completed final arrange
ments for their annual entertainment,
which will be given at. the Alhambra
Theater on Tuesday evening. Several
of the best known amateur and profes
sional entertainers in the city have vo>
unteered their services for the occa
sion. The proceeds will be devoted to
ward the new church fund.
Tina de Spada, the talented opera
singer of the Tivoll Company, and Sig
nor Augusto Dado, from the same com
pany, are among those that will be
heard. The two stars will sing many
of their favorite selections.
Billy Hynes, the well-known ama
teur entertainer, has also volunteered
his services for the occasion. Miss Lil
lian Quinn will render several of her
recitations. Lambert and Bracket are
to appear in their knock-about sketch
and several more amateur performers
In various roles will complete the pro
gramme. .V -:/ '
Splendid Programme Arranged for
St. Brigid's Parish Annual
Theatricals.
TALENTED ENTERTAINERS
TO APPEAR AT BENEFIT
Mm. Clara. Foltr, attorney at law, has re
moved to the Mills bid.. 2d floor; tel. Front 9S.»
The stock is composed of some sixty
or seventy pianos, mostly high grade in
struments. - It is thought the store of
the Paige Piano Company will be closed,
and in all probability \ Kohler & Chase
will sell out the stock from their new
retail building, corner Post and Kearny
streets. It Is possible that the piano
purchasing public will be treated to
some genuine piano bargains. What
Kohler & Chase undertake they do thor
oughly, and such a sale would attract
great numbers of Christmas buyers to
the Post and Kearny streets building.
...¦..'¦. , . ¦ ¦ -. .- -, . • -
It Is "unofficially stated that the stock
of the Paige Piano Company, agrents- for
the Blasius, Behningr.'Albrecht and other
pianos, will pass into the hands of Koh
ler & Chase. •
Kohler & Chase Said to Have
Obtained the Entire Stock
of the' Paige Piano '
•Company.
BIG DEAL IN THE
PIANO BUSINESS
The -new, office is finished in
quarter-sawed antique oak. All
of the glass work in the front
of. the office is Florentine. There
are.! two .money, order j windows,
for. this sub-station does the largest
money order business of ; any office in
the United StateB outside of the main
office In New York. There Is a wln
dow» for the sale of stamps, one for the
carriers and one for general delivery-
Every effort has been made in the con
struction of this office to . facilitate the
immense business the branch handles.
The . entrance to the building, for
merly the old quarters of the Builders'
Exchange, is protected from the weath
er by a right angle entrance. Behind
the partition the office is equipped" with
everything for the rapid handling of
mails, and special precaution haabeen
taken to protect mail matter from Ios3
in handling. .
Facing on Mission street is a large
door, through which runs a car from
the street, carrying the' malls to and
from the street railway postofflce cars.
Upstairs, owing to the rule which
prohibits any of the maircarirers from,
remaining in the office when not on
duty, a large lounging-rom has been
built for them, with lockers and every
convenience.
Station "K" of the local postofflce
branch service will move* into new
quarters to-morrow or the next day
at 40 New Montgomery street. The of
fice has heretofore been under the Pal
ace Hotel. The new office Is said' to
be one of the best branches in the
United States. There is a seventy-two
foot front in the. place, giving ample
room to the public for the transaction
of its business. '. „ , .
BROCK SECUBES CONTROL.
The retirement of Whitney left the
Brocks and their business associates in
control of all but 200,000 shares of the
company's stock, which is owned by
various people in Philadelphia and New
York. For a time -Arthur Brock was
president of the company, but he Is
said to have soon tired of the way mat
ters were going and was succeeded in
the presidency by his brother John.
Since John Brock assumed the direc
tion of the affairs of the Tonopah Min
ing Company there have been frequent
expressions of dissatisfaction among
the minor stockholders, developing
mainly from the fact that it is well
known that the mine is a rich one and
should be paying large dividends, but
for reasons which no one but the
Brocks and their close associates seem
to understand, it has not been yielding
a cent in the way of profits.
Experts twho have examined the mine
have reported that there is already
blocked out ore of a value which is
variously estimated between $2,000,000
and 540,000,000, the ore being of the
same character as that of the Comstock
mines. Engineers who have Jong
worked in those properties and have
handled the. product. of the Tonopah
and the adjacent holdings claim that
the latter can be \yorked at a saving
of 85 per cent.
STOCKHOLDERS ARE ANXIOUS.
These facts have come to the knowl
edge of the minority stockholders in
the East and they have been demand-
Ing to know why the Tonopah mine is
not worked at a profit and, are eagerly
seeking dividends.
Through their own sources of inves-
Mining men, particularly those Inter
ested in the more valuable properties
in the Tonopah district, are quietly
watching the movements of John
Brock, the' Philadelphia capitalist, and
John Hays Hammond, the minjng ex
pert, who have been at the Palace
Hotel for several days. Their coming
to the coast at this particular time of
the year has been attended with much
mystery to the outsiders, ' but to the
mining men of Tonopah their visit, or
at least that of Brock, is known to be
due to the latter's plan to effect a con
solidation of the larger mines of that
district It is a move, however, that is
not likely to be accomplished, for the
feeling in Tonopah is very strongly
opposed to Brock.
John Brock, Arthur Brock and a
number of other moneyed men of Phil
adelphia are the principal owners of
the Tonopah Mining Company, sup
posed to be the richest property in the
district. WilliamjC;. Whitney of New
York was formerly interested in the
mine, but became dissatisfied with its
management and finally made a prop-,
osition to the Brocks that they give or
take, which ended in the latter buying
out the millionaire horseman at an ad
vance on what he paid for his share in
the mine.
Every Provision Made for
the Rapid Handling
of Mails.
Philadelphia Capitalist's Plan
'to Consolidate Bodes
- Trouble.
Postofflce Officials to
Change Location of
Station "K"
Big Tonopah Property
! Is Causing Anxiety
for John Brock. *
WILL OCCUPY
NEW QUARTERS
STOCKHOLDERS
A BIT UNEASY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; ' ; SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22; 1903.
tism. He was born July 2, 1825, and
Joined the force on February 1, 1869.
He was retired on a pension July 31,
1895. He lived at 703 Stockton street.
Mrs. McKianon Given Allowance.
Wm
The battle of Sarah McKlnnon for an
allowance from the $93,000 estate of her
late husband, J. J. McKlnnon, was de
cided yesterday, by Judge Troutt. The
court made an order directing Leonora
McKlnnon, administratrix of the estate, i
to pay to Mrs. McKlnnon $100 a montl^
and $7800 accrued family allowance.
The i allowance was opposed by the
creditors of the estate.
34
Armand Cailleau, Inc.
A Large Assortment of
Misses' Suits and Coats
10, 12, 14, 16 year Sizes.
Rain Coats, Waists^
Evening Wraps.
Suits, Skirts, Evening Dresses
112, 114, 116 Kearny Street
_¦___¦ _ ' ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIAL VALUES IN OUR
LACE and HANDKERCHIEF
DEPARTMENTS.
175 DOZEN LADIES' VENICE LACE STOCK COLLARS!
In tiotli White and Ecru 30c Each
Regular value SOo.
125 DOZEN LADIES' VENICE LACE STOCK COLLARS,
White and Ecpu, (extra fine goods)..., 40c Each*
Regular value 75c.
75 DOZEN LADIES' WASH STOCK COLLARS In aUOUt
12 different patterns osr Fa r h
Good valua for 35c, ° C fcaC "
100 DOZEN LADIES' FINE LAWN EMBROIDERED
'I SHIRT WAIST STOCKS. ...5Oc to SI.5O Each
750 YARDS NAINSOOK, CAMBRIC and SWISS EM-
BROIDERED, FLOUNCINGS, 16 inches deep, malarae
Yurletu of patterns 5 0c Yard
Regular value 76o. v •- ' u
40 PIECES 48-INCH FRENCH CHIFFON, (a Yeru SUU3-
rlor aualltu), In Black, White, Cream and all the
leading shades...; .-60c Yard
. Regular price 75o.
150 DOZEN LADIES' UNLAUNDERED SHEER LINEN
INITIALED HANDKERCHIEFS, (all letters)
- ..:....v. ............6 for 90c
400 DOZEN LADIES' SHEER LINEN HAND EMBROID-
ERED HANDKERCHIEFS, put up In fancu Doies....
..$1.50 and $3.00 Box
Half dozen In box.
LADIES' LINEN CAMBRIC and SHEER LINEN HEM-
STITCHED and INITIALED HANDKERCHIEFS
... SI.OO, SI.5O, $2.25 and S3.00 Box
: > '-. -"w. Half dozen In box.
GENTS'; LINEN ;CAMBRIC INITIALED HANDKER-
CHIEFS. .....SI. 5O, S2.4O and S3.OO Box
Half dozen In box.
• We -lwiire Just recelYeda large shipment of FRENCH
VALENCIENNES LACES, Edgings and Insertlngs to
match, In all widths. Prices from . . v
.........;... 40c to $2.00 Per Dozen
•^J^-X'Tp'CI^ Orders by man receive prompt attention.
l^lvy K J— 1/ All orders for samples or goods filled
= and shipped same day they are received.
!5jiip§l|p
' Hi, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
THE FEARjOF^HUMBUG
Prevents Many 'People Prom Trying
' a Good 'Medicine.
Stomach troubles an* so common and
In most cases so obstinate to cure that
people, are tpt to look with suspicion
on any remedy claiming to be a radical,
permanent cure for dyspepsia and Indi-
gestion. Many ; such pride themselves
on their acuteness in never being hum-
bugged, especially in medicines.
This fear of being humbugged can be
carried too far, so far, in fact, that
many people suffer for years with weak
digestion rather than risk a little time
and money in faithfully testing, the
claims made of a preparation so relia-
ble and- universally used as' Stuart'*
Dyspepsia Tablets.
Now Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are
vastly different in one important re-
spect from ordinary proprietary medi-
cines for the reason, that they are not
a secret patent medicine; no secret is
made of, their ingredients, but analysis
sbows th<:m to contain the natural di-
gestive ferments, pure aseptic pepsin,
the digestive acids. Golden Seal, bis-
muth. hycSrastis and nux. | They are not
cathartic, neither do they act power-
fully on any organ, but they cure indl-
gestion''on the common sense plan of
digesting the food eaten thoroughly be-
fore it has time to ferment, sour and
cause the mischief. This is the only
secret of their success.
Cathartic pills never have and never
can cure indigestion and ! stomach
troubles because they act entirely on
the bowels, whereas the whole trouble
Is really in the stomach.
Stuart's Dyspepsia; Tablets taken
after meals digest the food.; That is .all
theie is to it. Food not digested or half
digested is poison, as it creates gas,
acidity, headaches, palpitation of the
heart, loss -of flesh and appetite and
many oi h«r troubles ."which are often
called by some other name. " \
They are sold by 'druggists every-
where at 50 cents per package. * ,
TtXPKRT OPTCCTAIT.
Highest Optical Skill.
GEORGE MAYERLE'S GLASSES
Xmas Gift
OEDEBS ZSSPOXO.
znrss szAvorss rsxrs.
Colonel George French,
Commander Paelflo Coast Division Salva-
tion Army Headatuurtars, Sin Francisco,
says:
Ta» glasses yon mad* for m« ar» ex-
cellent aad X inall tak* «TT«»t pl«*mx«
to recommend your services as a prac-
tical optician.
ozobob nunrcH.
Colonel.
SISTER MARY BAPTIST,
Sister of Mercy. Kt. St. Mary's, Grass
Valley. CaL. says:
I ant perfectly de-
lighted with the
Glasses you made
for mem
SISTER MART BAPTIST.
Sister of Merer.
Any wnsation of p&ln Is a warning.
GEORGE MAYERLE,
German Expert Optician. '
1071 Market St., San Francisco
Opposite Hlbemla. Bank, near Seventh street.
Telephone South 87;.
German Eyewater SOo. by mall 630.
\
ADVERTISEMZNTS.
t>»»«¦«»»¦>«»»*'*' »
I Oriental Goods j
At Wholesale Prices
We Offer Onr Satire Extra Tin* CoV
[Oriental Rugs
AND CURTAINS
At 25 Per Cent
' Discount f/cm regular retail prices.
We are sole agent* for
JOHN CROSSLEY & SON'S
CELEBRATED ENGLISH CARPEia.
tKSm^SB^^O^KBBKfft99U^Km9lm9mWtiBm^KKSBSSBmlmWBmWtt^mm
Ghas. M. Plnm & Co. j
; Cor. 9th and Market Sts. I
_^ ADyEBTISEMEKTS. , '
SPECIAL *
ANNOUNCEMENT
ANNUAL SALE OF PARISIAN I
HAND=MADE WAISTS
To-morrow we will place on sale our entire line of
this season's IMPORTED PARISIAN MODEL
WAISTS. A variety of choice and exclusive designs;
only one of a style; the finest 'products of the fore-
most Parisian manufacturers; all stricfly hand made.
Every Waist will, be sold for less
than the cost of importation
This sale will be of utmost importance to women, J
owing to the fact that fancy waists are more in vogue
this season than ever before. -
Note the following reductions:
$35.00 Waists, now". 822.50 525.00 Waists, now. 812.5O
'J57.B0 Waists, now. S27.50 $58.60 Waists, now. $32. OO
$60*00 Waists, now. 838.50 $75.00 Waists, now. 845.00
$87.50 Waists, now.855. OO $100.00 Waists.now.865.00
$125.00 Waists,now.88O.OO~ $110.00 Walsts,now.875.OO
Many other styles reduced in proportion.
JUST RECEIVED a New Shipment of j.
. Exclusive Designs of . \
',. PARISIAN NECKWEAR |
JUVENILE DEPARTMENT -
The Magnin styles are recognized as the most exclu-
sive In design, superior in quality' and the most reason-
able in price. The materials in vogue this year, are
plain and fancy : wool mixtures in a variety of- shades; •
also piques and linens. _ t * • . .
Boys' and Olrls' Suits— Made of all-wool covert cloth. ,';'/
Russian effect; trimmed with "pearl buttons; "shades of ¦ •
gray, blue or brown; sizes, ltf ; to 5 years; anfl^O Off
exceptionally good value ............. .' . . .\ :^fm* 6m O
918-922 Market Street.
Our Fall and -Winter Catalogue contains V complete '
1 ' line of stylish, wear forewomen and children. It will be
sent free upon request. ..." v .-
at - J^ < — tfM^— — —^— BBimiiiw. mniBnnm'iwwwni—tiipni'<maiti<h«i^gmw»»<!CTit-if»M^^ /j^
tNEW STYLISH
TAILOR SUITS
A Manufacturer's Stock
AT BARGAIN PRICES
Oar New York buyer recently purchased
a manufacturer's stock of high-grade suits —
the season's latest creations. He rushed
the first lot to us by express, and they are
here now, ready for you at a great reduc-
tion in price, which averages about
ONE-THIRD OFf
They are the latest in the Louis IV style,
and only the best of trimming is used.
In this department we have a corps of
expert fitters and all suits that we sell are
guaranteed to fit.
$15.00 SUIT $8.50
BLACK 1 CHEVIOT DRESS SUITS in blouse style; a long coat
effect; capes over the shoulders and trimmed with fancy £ O CQ
braid; skirt full 7-gore flare. Special price %pw v
$20.00 SUIT $12.50
TAILOR-MADE CHEVIOT SUIT in Louis IV style with blouse
front, cape over the shoulders and fancy silk braid trimming; skirt is
fuJl 7-gore flare. Colors black, navy blue and gray. Spe- $]2.50
$25.00 DRESS •SUIT $16.50
BLACK CHEVIOT DRESS SUIT in the blouse style, with new
idea shoulder capes; trimmed with bands of Peau de Soie and fancy
braid. The latest cut flaro skirt is included. The spe- Gftf £Q
$35.00 DRESS SUIT $25.00
NOVELTY TAILOR-MADE DRESS SUITS with the very latest
jackets in the blouse style; long coat effect; new style capes over the
shoulders and trimming of fancy silk ornaments and bands of Peau de
Soie; the skirt is cut full with deep sweep; the colors black q* ? C /)/)
and navy blue. Special price N - <>P*0'UU
$3.75 FLANNEL WAIST $2.25
A1X-WOOL FRENCH FLANNEL WAISTS; tucked front and
back; full pouch sleeve and pearl button trimming. . Colors black,
•white, navy blue, cardinal and reseda. Special fr? Of
price V&»4O
.GREAT DRESS GOODS SALE
$1.25 CAMELS' HAIR ZIBELINES 7Qp
$1.50 BRITISH TWEEDS
We have" selected for special selling this week two of the most
stylish and desirable fabrics. The Zibelines are the long, silky
hair kind. The Tweeds are British novelties in neat mixed effect
with a bright silk knob of red, green, blue, etc. The colorings in-
clude new blues. Oxford srrays, golden brown, green and many
others. The widths ranee from 48 to 56 inches. These eoods are
really worth $1.2.5 and $1.50 a yard. Special price for this 70s*
week **C
We sponge and shrink all dress goods bought here free of
charge.
$1.00 SILKS 48c YARD
Encouraged by the general appreciation of our silk offer last week,
we are going to offer for this week a big line, consisting of Hair Line
Stripe Taffetas and Louisines in dark blue, maroon, dark green, red.
reseda, brown and gray; also in white grounds in blue, black and gray
stripes, black and white checks and lace effects. These goods AQs*
are worth from 7Sc to $1.00 per yard. Special price *tOC
35c HANDKERCHIEFS 19c
Ladies' Pure Linen Embroidered Handkerchiefs. They have dainty
embroidery work inside of a half-inch hem and we offer a splendid
line of designs to select from. Christmas is coming and here is //}
a good suggestion. Special price each iZrC
25c TAFFETA RIBBON 15c
This is a standard trade Tatieta Ribbon, one of the best "<c qualities
on the market to-day. The width is3^ inchesandthe list of shades in-
cludes pinks, blues, red. lavenders, nile green, cream, white and i c
black. Special price per yard _ IOC
50c CUSHION TOPS 25c -
They are the new Poster Cushion Tops. Some of the patterns have
never been shown before. Among them you will find Cleopatra, a new
Indian Head. Fencing Girl. Zaza, Violet and the Japanese 'y c
Girl, Fencing Girl in action. Special price jCOC
25c MEDALLIONS 15c DOZEN
.'Lace Applique Medallions in ecru and white in some entirely new
patterns, suitable for trimming chiffon stocks. We have some larger
patterns suitable for waists and dress trimmings. Special price, *p
per dozen — IOC
A REDUCTION OF 25 PER GENT IN TABLE LINENS and NAPKINS
Thanksgiving day is only a few days away, and for those who
have delayed purchasing their new linen we will offer a reduction
of 25 per cent on all table linens and napkins.
We also have remnants in table linen, in lengths ranging from
2V2 to 3 yards, which we will offer at greatly reduced prices.
GLOVE OR MERCHANDISE ORDERS
We are now issuine Glove or Merchandise Orders for Christmas
gifts. You are no doubt familiar with the advantages of this way of
gift making. Our Gloves are appreciated by every lady who has ever
worn them.
We stamp free of charge all materials purchased in our store.
Lessons given in Embroidery work.
Country' Orders receive prompt and careful attention.REPRESENTATIVES OF SIX COUNTIES
TALK OF CALIFORNIA'S DEVELOPMENT
IN SHADOW OF FAMED MISSION WALLS
CAPTAINS OF THE BIG EASTERN
UNTVERSITT FOOTBALL TEAM3
WHICH MET YESTERDAY.
* C. a. anutary Academy. W«t Pciat. pUra
H. Welcker's vwy b«satlfo! BooMrclt aCvefc •
Continued on Page' 37, Column 3.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 2L— The following
persons have registered here: At the
Shoreham— L. F. Gnrnsef and. wife. Los
Angeles; at th« New Wlllard— C. B. Jef
fries and wife. Dr. W. Johsstoae and wife.
San Francisco.
Califomians in Washington.
Thursday will be Thanksgiving - day.
and the man who sits at the head of the
table ' will ' be \ Interested ' In having the
right kind of tools .with which to do his
work. - If .; you- discover -that you are
lacking anything in i this ; line you will
find in the - cutlery department of , Na
than-Dohrmann Company, on . Sutter
street, a magnificent stock ' of - Carving:
Sets, which include game and roast sets,
as well as. game shears, which come. In
very handy In the carving of any fowL
If other Thanksgiving needs suggest
themselves take a trip around the store.
Perhaps it' smother table cutlery, a Punch
Bowl. Stein SeV Wine. Glasses, or. China
that you t need. , "Whatever it happens . to
be you are sure to find It In this, the
Uraeat crockery store la' the world.
Mine 1 Host,: the Carver.
The entertainment committee of .the
Choppers* Friendship Clcb of the
Woodmen of the World has decided to
have a grand reunion of the members
and their families In the Lincoln Hall
of the Pioneer building on the evening;
of Wednesday. November 25. on which
occasion there will be a good pro
gramme of music, song and literary
numbers, after which the host club will
serve Ice cream and cakes. A part of
the programme will be the exhibition
of stereoptlcon views, many of which
are new.
Choppers' Beuaion.
Commissioner Fllcher was given a
vote of thanks for his information and
the convention then proceeded with its
regular business.
The reports of • the secretary and
treasurer showed that the membership
of the association was increasing and
that many boards of trade and cham
bers of commerce were being formed in
the counties in order, to secure repre
sentation in the association.
FAVOR NEW NATIONAL PARK.
Representation of the association had
been eecured on the State Board of
The mest Important question that
came up before the convention was
that of making a big display of the re
sources of the counties represented in
the association at the World's Fair at
St. Louis next year. J. A. Fllcher. Cal
ifornia commissioner to the exposition,
addressed the convention and gave In
formation regarding the space set aside
for California. He informed the con
vention that in addition to the general
State display to be made that the coun
ties of California would have an op
portunity of displaying their resouimss
in separate exhibits. He also suggested
that the six counties combine in mak
ing their display uniform In order to
advertise the central coast section of
California.
In addition to the above-named gen
tlemen who were present at the con
vention were the following delegates :
C. S. Downing, Palo Alto; W. Al Clark,
Mountain View; A. F. Killam, Santa
Clara; T. C. Barnett, Dr. F. H. Pater
son. Dr. J. L. Benepe, San Jose; M. C.
Payne. L. C. Cunningham, Morgan Hill;
W. T. Garrett, Peck's Tourist Bureau,
San Francisco; J. H. McDougal, Sa
linas; A. N, Judd. L H. Tuttle, Wat
sonville; C. W. Hammer, Santa Cruz;
F. B. Abbe. W. Duncan, C. A. "War
nock. S. R. Canfleld, San Juan; L. W.
Jefferson, E^ S. Logan, F. L. Savage,
Hollister; W. S. Lewis, Paso Robles
and R. L. Perry of San MigueL
WILL DISPLAY AT ST. LOUIS.
San Mateo County, F. H . Thorpe,
Redwood City; Sanfa Clara County, R.
B. Roll, Santa Clara; Santa Cruz Coun
ty. D. C. Clark. Santa Cruz; San Benito
County, R. P. Lathrop. Hollister; Mon
terey County. J. E. Steinbeck, Salinas;
San IiUis Obispo County, W. A. WI1
mar, San Miguel; at large, Paul Shoup,
San Jose.
find houses In which to live on their
arrival in California.
The officers of the improvement as
sociation are, in addition to President
Canfield, Duncan McPherson of Santa
Cruz, vice-president; I. B. McMahill of
San Jose, secretary; Charles A. Rick
etts of San Luis Oblspo, assistant sec
retary; Bank of San Mateo, treasurer.
The board of control of the associa
tion, consisting of the vice-presidents,
is made up as follows:
PROMINENT MEMBERS OF
THE CENTRAL COAST COUN
TIES ASSOCIATION.
A suggestion at the close of the ban
quet that the ladies raise. funds for the
repair of the old mission building was
heartily received, and in a few minutes
the" sum of 550 was contributed by the
delegates. Mrs. S. ' R. Canfleld was ap
pointed to • present the money to the
aged priest. Father Valentine Closa,
who Is In .charge of the old mission.
This mornlnsr the delegates left for
their * homes," well satisfied -with, the
woA accomplished yesterday and with
the vivid recollections of the generous
hospitality of the residents of San Juan.
The Cliff House will reopen for busi
ness this morning after having been
closed two days. According to B. W.
Rice, vice president and principal
stockholder of the Wilkins corporation,
the trouble between Sroufe and Wilkins
has been temporarily settled and the
business will continue as in the past. ¦
In an interview last night. Rice safd:
"Attorney Denson, acting for the Wll
klns corporation, and Attorney Shurt
leff for Sroufe, met to-day and effected
an agreement whereby we will be per
mitted to reopen the place this morn
ing- and continue business till the finan
cial trouble is entirely settled. We are
perfectly satisfied with the terms and
the business of the Cliff House will
continue as in the past, with Wilklns
as president and manager."
But Shurtleff had an "entirely differ
ent tale to relate regarding the tempo
rary patching up of the existing finan
cial trouble. He said: "Yes; we had a
sort of an understanding at a meet
ing to-day and we have agreed to al
low Wilkins to open the Cliff House
tljis morning. We have taken the at
tachments : off a quantity of the wine
and provisions, so that the customers
can be served.
* "The keepers will be in charge as
usual and the attachments will remain
on the furniture of the place till the
case is finally settled. Business may
continue for several days, but' I am of
the opinion that it will be but a short
time under the fixed conditions.
"We are Just as anxious, to have the
trouble settled up as is Wilklns; and if
there is any chance of doing so we will
exert out utmost Influence. We realize
Just as much as the other aide does
that the present difficulty Is liable to
injure the business of the Cliff House,
and, of course, neither side wants to
see this occur."
of the Future," I. B. McMahiU of San
Jose; "Progress at Mountain View," W.
A. Clark of Mountain View.^&fSggSS
"We intend to make a severe exam
ple of any one found guilty of defacing
public property." said Roncovieri. "It
is possible that the Polytechnic boys
did not paint the signs. If It should be
found that they did they should be
made to understand that they are no
better than anybody else simply be
cause they are attending high school.
It is too bad that some boys do not ap
preciate the fact that they are being
educated by the State at practically
no cost to themselves. They should be
taught to respect school property."
The Board of Education will havs
another position to^fill, owing to Miss
Alice M. "Wolfe, a teacher of the sec
ond grade In the Rlncon Grammar
SchooL having sent In her resignation
to take effect at once. Miss Wolfe s
resignation will be acted upon at next
Wednesday's meeting of the Board of
Education and as usual In such case3
the resignation will be accepted.
The Board of Education decided yes
terday to institute a rigid investiga
tion into the conduct of some vandals
¦who painted the legend. "Cold feet—
23 to 0— Poly." on the Lowell High
School building. The matter has been
placed in the hands of the police and
no stone will be left unturned to bring
the guilty parties to Justice. The build
ing has Just been newly painted and
renovated at great expense.
School Director Roncovieri visited the
school Friday morning and ascertain
ed that the act of vandalism had been
performed some time during Thursday
night. The letters were at Iea3t one
foot high and were done in red paint.
The front of the building was literally
covered with the inscriptions.
Roncovieri says that suspicion at
taches to the boys of the Polytechnic
High SchooL Thl3 conclusion is drawn
from the fact that the Polytechnic
football team beat the Lowell team by
a score of 23 to 0 last year. This year
the Lowell team Returned the compli
ment by defeating the Polytechnic
team by a score of 6 to 0. It Is 1 thought
that the Polytechnic boys took this
method of calling particular attention
to that fact that they had once won
from Lowell.
Attachments Are Taken
Off Wines and Pro
visions.
There was some discussion as to the
manner in which the exhibits of the
six counties were being maintained in
Los Angeles and It was the opinion of
all the delegates that considerable good
would result . from keeping the , exhib
its in place as they, would advertise the
six coast counties among the tourists
who arrive In Southern California's
metropolis. The question of making a
display at the St. Louis Exposition took
up some time of the convention. The
reports of the delegates from each
county showed that every resource and
product of the localities would be dis,
played at the big exposition.'
PRODUCTS tbt.t. OWN STORx*/
The general opinion" of the delegates
was that it was better to spend money
in sending the products of the counties
rather than expending" funds in print-
Ings literature.
"Printing literature." said Delegate
Barnett, "is all very well, but it is not
the best "wayi to get ; people ' out < here.
Literature' and . pictures .will \ tell people
what we can raise, * but actually show-"
IMMIGBATION BESTBICTION.
The report from the committee on
immigration presented a resolution re
questing Congress to restrict objec
tionable Immigration into the United
States and calling the attention of the
national lawmakers to the Incoming
of thousands of persons who are a
menace to the welfare of American cit
izens. The resolution asks Congress
to pass stringent laws in order to keep
out of the country undesirable immi
grants. The resolution was adopted
and will be sent to the California Sena
tors and Congressmen. Letters were
read .from Senator George C Perkins,
Congressman V. H. Metcalfe, the Cali
fornia Promotion Committee and the
Los Angeles Chamber - of Commerce,
pledging support to the resolution in
question. ¦>'•
Trade and the California' Promotion
Committee and considerable literature
of the six central coast counties had
been supplied to those two main bodies
for distribution. H. JD. Mathews of
San Jose represents the association on
the State Board of Trade and R. P.
Lathrop of Hollister on the California
Promotion Committee.
L. W. Jefferson reported that Con
gress had been asked to purchase for
national park purposes the great body
of rock formation consisting of twen
ty sections and known as. "The Pinna
cles." These rocks are situated in Mon
terey and San Luis Obispo counties.
Paul Shoup, delegate at large, who
is division, freight and passenger agent
of the coast line of the Southern Pa
cific Railroad, reported that his com
pany intended to secure many photo
graphs of the "Pinnacles" and use the
same in advertising form. He stated
that Congress ' would - .take up next
month the question of setting aside the
land in question for a park.
In expectation of action by Congress
Delegate Shoup stated that some per
sons had filed locations of part of the
land, hoping to make a sum of money
by such transactions. /
The convention decided to adopt- a
uniform sign for display boards to be
erected along the coast line of the rail
road. These signs will inform trav
elers that the towns and cities men
tioned belong to the central coast
counties and will give data as to pop
ulation, climate, resources, etc. The
signs will be ten feet high and thirty
feet long.
MEET ON HISTOBIC GROUND.
No greater proof of the development
cf this portion cf California could be
shown than in contrasting: the alms of
the gentlemen who niet here yesterday
Tvith the history that hovers over this
picturesque settlement. In the very
rooms where ence gathered the padres
*ho overcame countless obstacles to
ci\'ilize the Indians, the men of to-day
discussed the scientific methods of
agriculture of this century. Where the
last Spanish Governor made his official
reslience, where General Fremont, the
Pathfinder, made his headquraters and
t ought historic battles; where General
Sherman visited; where Helen Hunt
Jackson eought Inspiration for her
famous novel, "Raraona"; where Gen
eral Castro and his relatives lived;
uhere the Dons of Mexico rode for
leagues ever the domains, citizens who
to-day reside in the six counties above
mentioned assembled as delegates in
convention and exchanged ideas as to
placing the resources of this section of
California In such light as will attract
home seekers from the crowded East.
The representatives of the six coun
ties forming the improvement associa
tion told of the vast product of fruits
of ail kinds; of \-egetables that can not
be Furpassed; of wines of the finest
vari<?ti»»s; of enormous deposits of
petrcloum oil that will serve as fuel
for manufactories; of deposits of iron
ore that will enable California to pro
due* h?r oTrn iron and Eteel; of enor
mous quantities of building stone; of
hay and fodder that take thousands of
railroad cars to move to market; of
quicksilver mines that surpass fiction in
th<rir richness*
Sugar b*e:s amounting to hundreds
of thousands cf tons are raised in these
counties and the industry is but in Its
infancy-
MANY DELEGATES GATHER.
The inclemency of the weather did
not deter the delegates In assembling
here yesterday. and when President
Bamuel R- Canfield of San Juan called
the convention to order In the ' old
, "Pizza, building but few of the counties
frilled to respond -with a full quota of
representatives. The California Cen
tral Coast Counties Improvement As
sociation was formed less than two
y-nrs ago, and it has been so successful
In this brief time that In some sections
home seekers have not been able to
Erei*: Dlepatch to The Call.
SAN JUAN. Nov. 21— Ii_ the shadow
cf the •walls cf the famous Mission San
Juan Eeuusta there gathered here yes
t-rday la quarterly convention, repre
sentatives cf the six counties of San
Mateo, Santa Clara, Santa Cniz, San
Benito, Monterey and San Luis Oblspo,
•R-hich localities fora the California
Central Coast Counties Improvement
Association.
In meeting in this quiet and quaint
nettlflBent in the hills of San Benito
County the delegates of the Improve
ment Association brought vividly to
sr.ind the progress cf events which will
ultimately make cf this portion of the
United States the taven of countless
thousands.
"Progress and development" is the
ectto of the California Central Coast
Counties Improvement Association and
If other sections of the State work with
es much real as is shown by the dele
gates cf the association that gathered
here, the successful future of Califor
nia is assured.
Paint Red Signs on the
Front of the Lowell
Building.
CLIFF HOUSE
WILL REOPEN
Central Sections
Combined for
Progress.
VANDALS DEFACE
A SCHOOLHOUS
Delegates Throng
Picturesque \
San Juan.
Yale's offense looked strong, but after
getting to Harvard's twenty-flve-yard
line - : the blue was penalized .twenty
yards for .the offside play. The" teams
then exchanged kicks, and once more
Yale started for Harvard's goal. On
two rushes into the center. Metcalf cir
cled the Harvard right end for thirty
five yards, planting the ball on the five-
YALE'S OFFENSE IS STBONG.
On . three central plays Harvard
gained ten yards, which gave great en
couragement to the 'crimson side of the
field, but again was penalized ten
yards, which was followed by a poor
pass . by Parkinson and the consequent
loss of the ball to Yale on Harvard's
thirty-seven-yard , line.
On the second play Marshall, by a
quarterback run, covered seventeen
yards, bringing the ball Into the center
of the field. Two runs more carried it
four yards, and then came a penalty,
which set Harvard back to her forty
eight-yard line- Lemoyne's kick was
a poor one,- covering only twenty-two
yards. Again Yale kicked on the sec
ond down, the ball going to Harvard's
twenty-yard line. This time Marshall
covered nineteen yards before he was
thrown.
The kicking was below the average,
especially on Harvard's part and was
a great disappointment to the crimson
supporters. Mitchell, for Yale, covered
338 yards on fourteen kicks, while Le
moyne and Nichols of Harvard covered
220 yards on eight kicks. In rushing
Harvard had slightly the better of it,
gaining 21S yards on sixty-eight rushes.
while Yale made 130 yards on forty
seven rushes. Yale ran back for six
ty-three yards and Harvard for 104
yards. Yale was penalized six times
for sixty- five yards and Harvard three
times for forty yards.
Yale won the toss and chose the west
goal to gain the little benfit " of the
faint west wind. Lemoyne kicked off
to Mitchell on Yale's five-yard line.
Mitchell ran the ball back twenty
yards before he was thrown by Cloth
ier. Yale kicked on the second down
to Harvard's thirty-five yard line, but
the Yale ends came on fast and Mar
shall was thrown before he was well
started. ,
CAMBRIDGE, Mass.. Nov. 2L—Har
vard struggled bravely against Tale to
day In their annual football match,
but was defeated 16 to 0. principally
because her offense weakened and
Yale's .defense grew stronger as the
crimson players were within striking
distance of the Yale goal.
Nearly' 40.000- persons watched the
game. 'While it was not as spectacular
as that between Yale and Princeton, a
week ago, better football was played
and for the first half and for
several . minutes In , the second
half the score was small enough
to make. the result uncertain. In fact.
after Harvard had shown sufficient
speed to get twice inside of Yale's five
yard line in the first half, her support
ers were wellnigh convinced the team
would not only score, but would win the
game. Yale's defense proved too
strong, however, and. backed by 15,000
voices which yelled, "Hold 'em! hold
'em," the blue line stood. firm beneath
its own goal bar, twice capturing the
ball on downs and In the third In
stance taking advantage of a fumble
by a Harvard player. In the second
half Harvard got within six inches of
the Yale goal and yet could not score.
The defeat, therefore, was exceeding
ly bitter for the crimson, as the fast
play of the team beyond the Yale ten
and fifteen yard lines pleased the Har
vard supporters and proved one of the
features of the game.
There was some fumbling and sev
eral blocked kicks, one of ' the Yale
scores being? directly due to the latter.
There were several end runs for fif
teen and twenty-five yards, but as a
rule the play, especially so far as Har
vard was concerned, was a series of
fierce line plunges for short gains of
one. two and three yards.
KICKING IS BELOW AVERAGE.
Losers Play Better
Game, but Are
Unlucky.
S. R. Canfleld was toastmaster. and
was assisted by C. A. Warnock. F. B.
Abbe, F. A. Hodges and E. F. Pearce,
the committee on banquet. Mrs. S. R.
Canfleld was In* charge of " the ladies
who attended j to 'the wants of the
guests. The toasts ¦ responded to were
as follows:' r "The Missions of Califor
nia." Judge M. 3 T. Doollng of Hollister;
v '*The ;. Apple ; Industry of , the Coast
A*: N. ; Judd of Watsonville;
"How to Build Up the Coast Coun
ties,"; R. ".P..; Lathrop of '-, : HOUlsterf
"Prospective^ .", Improvements of ,, the
Southern Pacific . Road," Paul Shoup of
San Jose; '.Real. Estate; Prospects
of .{ the "Central £Coast [ T.^C
Baxattt cf ' Saa * Jose; "The ' California
HELP TO JBEPAIB MISSION.
A" vote of thanks was tendered to the
citizens of San Juan, and the conven-,
tion then adjourned to partake of the
banquet provided for the delegates by
the San Juan ] Valley Improvement
Club. The banquet was served in the
refectory of the , old mission building,
and was unique In every way. " The
adobe walls of the room were decorated
with American .and Mexican flags,
lamps depending from the roof. The
table . was ". exquisitely decorated \ with
vines and "peppers and loaded down
with every delicacy of the season. The
banquet provided was a typical one of
old Mexico, and was prepared by the
ladles of San Juan, assisted by ; Mexi
can cooks. The menu consisted of ta
ruales, olives, frijoles, enchiladas, chile
ccn came, tortillas, . pimolas, capiro
tada, cafe negros, nuences, frutas, vino
bianco and -vino tin to. A number of
the pretty ¦ young ladies of San Juan
who waited on the guests were dressed
In Mexican - costume, and the evening
was . thoroughly -enjoyed.
ENJOY MEXICAN BANQUET.
Considerable indignation was ex
pressed^ by the convention at the at
tempt of certain persons to frustrate
the selection by Congress of the Naci
miento rancho," in Monterey and San
Luis Oblspo counties, for a camp of
military instruction. The site was se
lected by an army board of engineers
and Indorsed by Lieutenant General S.
B. M. Young, and Congressmen Need
ham and Daniels have introduced a bill
in Congress to provide for the - pur
chase of the land in- question.
John L. D. Roberts of Seaside recent
ly,sent communications to various of
ficials and objected to the site for the
camp as being unhealthy and unfit for
the purposes of . a military instruction
camp. The convention unanimously
adopted a resolution denouncing Rob
erts, and a copy of the same will be
sent to the California delegation in
Congress. * •- -
It was decided to hold the next quar
terly convention in the city of Santa
Clara on the third Thursday of Janu
ary, 1904.
The city of Paso Robles and the city
of Palo Alto extended Invitations to
the convention - to meet in their cities
in May, and the city of Watsonville
asked for the convention in August
next.
DENOUNCE A "KNOCKEB."
Ing them the producs tells a far bet
ter story."
The display at the St. Louis Exposi
tion to be made by the six central
coast counties will be one of the finest
representing this State. In addition to
thousands of Jars of every known va
riety of fruits, vegetables, wines and
oils, the agricultural display will be a
lavish one. Arrangements will be made
to daily sblp to St. Louis large quanti
ties of fresh fruits and vegetables. The
vistors to the St. Louis Fair will have
an , opportunity of eating' the choice
fruits, and^ other products and thus
finding out what the" six central coast
counties can raise.. The six counties
will Inform the .California Commission
ers to the St. Louis Fair of what they
Intend to display, and space will be re
served for them. Designs of the exhib
its will also be furnished, and the Com
missioners will be requested to have the
six counties' exhibits next to one an
other in order to advertise the section
of California as a whole.
James S. McCue of Corta Madera
filed a libel yesterday in the United
States District Court against the North
Pacific Coast Railroad Company and
the ferry steamer Sausallto to recover
$£00,000 daniages. In pursuance of the
libel United States Marshal John H.
Shine attached the steamer.
McCue was a passenger on the San
Rafael and was Injured In a collision
which took place between* the ferry
steamboats Sausallto and San Rafael
on November 30. 1901, when the San
Rafael sank to the«bottom of the bay.
McCue alleges that when the collision
occurred he was struck In the back and
knocked through a glass door; that
his right arm was half cut off; that
the bones of his right hand and wrist
were broken; that a part of his left
ear was cut off; that his lower Jaw was
fractured; that his body was lacerated
and bruised; that he was thrown into
the water and nearly drowned, and
that he was made a cripple for life..
He alleges further that at the time
of the accident both vessels were run
ning through a dense fog at a high
rate of speed and that the collision was
caused by the. gross negligence of the
officers and crew of both vessels.
Harry V. Storehouse is the attorney
for the complainant.
Alleges That Steamer San
Rafael Was Sunk Through
Negligence.
Demands Three Hundred
Thousand' Dollars
Damagea
M'CUE ATTACHES
THE SAUSALITO
BLUE OF OLD ELI IS TRIUMPHANT
OVER THE CRIMSON OF HARVARD
IN THEIR ANNUAL FOOTBALL STRUGGLE
SAN FKANCISCO, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1903.
¦ ¦ Tt jbl^. • ' /xfpu :.:.•¦-.-"¦;¦.,-
&P$5 to 48
wmm 48According to official statements Just
published there were in Russia at the be-
E-innlns of 1S02 1T,7S6 industrial establish
ments, employing 1,710,373 persons, of
¦whom 73.2 per cent were males and 26.8
per cent females.
YELL IS UNANIMO JSLY
ELECTED FOLSOM WARDEN
Prison Board in Executive , Session
Discusses Affairs With New
Appointee.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. Archibald
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Yell was unanimously elected warden
of the State prison at Folsom to-night.
The board was In executive session
most of the night discussing prison
matters with the new warden.
The favorite was a close third. Jack
Martin and his mount received quite an
ovation on returning to the winner's
ring.
While Greenock and Diderot' were the
The big fellow fairly reveled in the
Juicy going. Don Domo, who did not
shine to any marked. advantage, was
passed by the 15 to 1 shot Sol Smith
in the stretch. The latter, under the
clever riding of Otis, made an excellent
showing, ' but was unable to extend
Bearcatcher, .which won galloping.
OVATION FOB BEABCAJTCHEB.
The distance was six furlongs, and
Jack Martin lost no time in sending
Bearcatcher to the front. .
Bearcatcher. the slashing big son of
St George, owned by Garnet Ferguson,
and probably the best two-year-old in
California, delighted the big Saturday
gathering at Oakland track yesterday
by kicking mud all over Don Domo.'
It is not often the gray one has to
stand for this sort of business, 1 but
when the "Texas streak" returned to
the stand yesterday he looked as if he
had been doing cart duty in the char
coal regions of Pennsylvania.
No one seemed to doubt the ability
of Bearcatcher, but It was a question
as to whether or not he was ready, it
being his first public appearance since
last spring. For that reason Don Domo
was installed a 3 to 5 favorite, while
the price about the Ferguson entry
went from 2 to 3.
Bragg Takes the
Handicap in a .
Gallop.
Chief Wittman wired the r?snlt to
Richard Sylvester, superintendent of
Police of Washington, and about two
hours later received a dispatch from
Major Sylvester with the result of the
shooting of his team, as follows: Pri
vate Bunn, 88; Private Buckingham,
S4; Private McCormick, 79; Private
Langley. C£; Private Curtis, 67; Pri
\ate Bode, 65; total, 45L an average of
7r> 1-6. George E. Foster, thf secret ser
vice agent, who represented the San
Francisco team, had a dispute over one
Fhot by Private Bunn, who was al
lowed to fire another shot. Major Bell
of the National Revolver Association
acted as range officer.
The match was for a cup to be pre
sented to the winning team by tfie los
ers. Several days ago Chief Wittman
expressed the opinion that he would
be the custodian of the cup and his
faith In his team has not been mls-
T> laced.
There was great rejoicing among the
bluecoateJ guardians of the peace yes
terday wbea it was known that the
borne teara of six had sscred a. victory
over six men of the metropolitan police
of "Washington. D. C, in tha revolver
match. Although the local team was
handicapped by firing at twenty yards
and the Washington team at fifteen
yards, it vron the match and the silver
cup by 15 points. Tha highest individ
ual score was made by ons of the
Washington team.
The team which was in charge of
Sergreant Kelina Cred at tha Harbor
View range. John A. Hammersmith of
Hammersmith & Field represented the
V.'ashinfrton team. Each member of
the team fired ten shots, with the fol
lowing result: F- W. French. 84;
Smith Carr, £»: W. "V7. Wilson. 82; W.
TL Proll. 78; J. E. Dolan. 77; Harry
Hook, 61; total, 467, an average of 77 5-6.
There -vras no dispcte.
Otto beat Beacon. 7-2; Gold Lily beat
Roulette. 6-0: -Brilliancy beat Golden
Rule, 6-0: Idleness beat Lord Goff. 26-2;
Rich Argosy beat Orsina. 10-4; Odd Eyes
beat Yankee Boy, 9-3; Belfast beat Wat
tles, 6-0; Frte Born beat Good Decision,
5-3; Laughing Water beat Pure Pearl,
S-G; Mi3s Green beat Don Pedro, 11-9;
Slievennamon beat Lucky Shamrock, 7-2;
Braw's Hill beat Rural Artist,. 5-3; Cremo
beat Roy Hughie. 4-1; Clohefell beat Lit
tle Lucy, 6-0; Lord Granard beat Pacing
Billy, 8-2; Siskiyou beat Full Moon, 8-6;
Special beat Miss Wilson, 13-5; Lily
Wright beat Rosetree, 6-0; The Referee
beat Halfmoon, 4-0; Sofala beat Queen's
Motto, 9-3; Irvington Tralee beat Van
Alba. 6-1; Flora Belle beat Pepper Hill.
9-7: Money Musk beat Tobasco Bob, 7-4;
Mark Twain beat Margueritte, 8-4; In
truder beat Loretta, 14-2; Young Johnny
Rex beat McHenry. 9-3; Doreen beat Bon
nie Hughie, 6-4; Gunpowder a bye. Rector
withdrawn; Jerry Wright a bye. Little
S!ster withdrawn: Dorothy M beat Pro
metheus. 4-1; Reta S a bye. Agitator
withdrawn: Colored Lady beat Linda
Vista, 3-2; Wedgewood beat Jimmy An
thony, 7-1: Our Motto beat Regal Attire,
7-3; Maid of the Glen beat Lady Plnta,
10-9; Rock and Rye beat Our Myra, 4-2;
Mount Rose beat Mountain Poet. 10-2;
Viking- a bye, Hrm Fellow withdrawn;
Beauty Gold beat Fenii, 7-3^ Comlque
beat Xorthern Lad, 10-0; Roxana beat
Green Girl. 6-0- Pasha Pleasant beat Jin
gle Bells. 3-1; Lady Menlo a bye, Balen-
Qine withdrawn; Cloverdale beat Concord
Boy, 11-6; Little Plunger beat Hadding
ton, 8-5; Homer Boy beat Young Klam
ath, 6-4; Monbells beat Commercial Trav
eler, 10-S: Cubanola beat Progreso, 11-2.
Amons the greyhoun03 which will be la
tfce running tc-day and which were se
verely tried were Brilliajicy, Idleness,
Rich Argosy, Odd Eyes, Laushlnsr Water.
Miss Green, Siskiyou, Special. Flora
Belle, Morey Musk, Jerry Wright, Maid of
tho Glen. VTMng, Lady Menlo, Little
Plunder and Manbeilr.
Coursing luck will play a prominent
part in the running to-day if the hares
are strong. The dogs which get off with
the easiest trials will work their way
down to tha big money. Those which
seem to ave the speed are Siskiyou,
Mount Rose. Cloverdale and Homer Boy.
The results of yesterday's running in
detail with Judge Thomas Tiemey's offi
cial scares follow: V-);,'
The greyhounds coursing at Ingles'de
Park put la a busy afternoon yesterday
chasing the bares, which seemed pos
sessed of the £2eed of tho wind. Sixteen
of the trials lasted more than a minute
and a half, while a majority of these
lasted over two minutes.
Losers Will Present Silver
Cup to This City's
Finest.
Siskiyou, Mount Rose, Homer
Boy and Cloverdale Are
the Favorites
Wins Revolver Match
Againsi Washing
ton Men.
Give Greyhounds Lively
Time at Ingleside
, Park.
WITTMAN'S TEAM
IS VICTORIOUS
HARES CONTINUE
FLEET OF FOOT
BEARCATCHER MAINTAINS HIS REPUTATION BY OUTFOOTING DON DOMO
ANOTHER GAME
FOR UNCLE'S MEN
Senator Pail to Hit the
Ball at Opportune
Times.
Both Whalen and Keefe
Show Good Form in the
Pitcher's Box.
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE*
(StandUur of the Clubs.)
W. L. Pct.i xr. I* Pet.
Los An*.. .120 77 .621 Sacraaieato..0S 103 .4SH
Seattle .... 07 02 .613 Portland ...93 103 .475
San Fran.. 1W ICti .4«5 Oakland ... S3 123 40H
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 21.— The San
Franciscans won another same to-day
and had little difficulty in doing so. In
the fifth inning Egran made an error
which should properly have been
charged to Hogan and three hits al
lowed three runs to score. The Senators
could not get a man over the plate ow
ing to the fact that they could not hit
when hits were needed. Both Keefe and
Whalen pitched good ball. Score:
Sacramento— I Ban Francisco—
AB. K. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
D«5vl»,cf. 3 0 2 2 0 Shay.n... 3 0 0 8 2
Htlbrd.lf 3 0 13 0 Meany.rf 3 0 12 1
IILghn.rf 4 0 0 1 0 lrwln.3b 4 0 0 2 3
Casey.2b. 4 0 0 3 3 Leahy, c. 3 10 2 1
Egan.s... 4 0 12 4 Krug.cf. 4 12 10
Hogan.lb 10 0 6 1 Lyncb.lf. 2 114 0
Shehn,3b 4 0 0 2 4 Pabst,lb. 3 0 1 10 1
Grahm,c. 3 0 0 12 Delms.2b 2 112 2
Keefe. p.. 3 0 2 O 1 Whalen. p 3 0 113
Fwnsd.lb 10040 — — — — —
~ Total* 27 4 7 27 12
Totals 30 0 6 24 15
RUNS AND HITS BY rNNTNGS.
Sacramento 0 0 O O 0 0 O 0 O—O
Base hits 0 0 2 12 O 0 1 0—6
San Francisco ....0 00O3010 x — *
Base blU 0 10 0 3 0 2 1 x— 7
SUMMARY.
Stolen base — Doyle. Errors — XTgan (2). Two
base hit — Delra&a. < Sacrifice blta — Hildebrand.
Lynch. Leahy. First base on errors — San
Francisco 2. First base on called balls— Oft
Keefe 3. off Whalen 2. Left on bas<?s — Sacra
mento 7. San Francisco 4. Struck out — By
Whalen 1. Hit by pitcher 1 — Townsend. Double
plays — Sheehan to Egan to Townsend: Casey
to Egan to Townsend; Meaney to Pabst: Shee
han to Graham to Casey to Hogan. Tim* of
game — 1:25. Umpire — C Connell.
whuki.ttr. LOSES A GA3TE.
First Defeat Sustained by the Los
Angeles Pitcher This Year.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 21.— Wheeler pitched
for Los -Angeles this afternoon and was batted
hard and often, Portland winning by th«
score of 0 to 2. It was the first losing gama
Wheeler pitched this season. His support was
not good. Thielman. for Portland, was in
great form and excepting one inning the local
batters could do nothing with his curves.
Newton of the Los Angeles team will pitch
for Portland to-morrow and Oscar Jones of
Brooklyn for Los Angeles. Score:
Los Angeles — I Portland —
AB.K. H. P. A. AB.T». H. P. A.
Hoy. ef...3 10 1 OlVnBn. cf..« 2 2 8 0
Whler, p..4 0 11 3;Frmn. lb.4 3 3 12 0
Smith. 3b.t 112 3!BIake. 3b. I 12 10
Dillon, lb.4 0 2 9 OiAdrsn. 2b.3 10 0 5
Crvth. rf..4 O 1 © 0|Xadau. lf.4 112 0
ttoam. If... 4 0 0 8 0'Frncls. s.5 0 2 3 2
Bayma. s. I 0 0 1 3|Thlmn, p.5 O 3 X 2
Eager, c.3 0 15 3 Clark c.3 0 14 1
Corbt, 2t>.3 0 15 SiMrFld rf.S i x « o
-_ —
Totals.33 2 7 27 IV Totals.41 0 13 27 10
* RUNS ANT> HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland ..'. 4 1 0 0-0 0 O 4 0 — 9
Base hits 42211OO5 0—13
Los Angreles .... ct o O O O 2 0 0 0 2
Base hits 0 10 10 3 10 1—7
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Dillon. Eager. Errors— Dillon
Wheeler. Smith 2. Eager, Corbett 2. Three
base hlts^ — Freeman, Francis. Two-bas« hits
Francis. Cravath. First basa on errors—Port
land 4. First base on balls — Off Wlieeler 2.
eft Thlelman 1. Struck out — By Wheeler 4, by
Thielman 5. Double play — Cbrbett to Dillon.
Left en bases) — Portland 8. Los Angeles 5
Sacrifice bits— Blake. Anderson. Paused balls
— Clark. 2. Hit by pitcher— Anderson. Time of
game — 1 hour and B0 minutes. CmDlre—
Francks.
MIXED FOTJUSOKTES ABE
POSTPONED ONE WEEK
Heavy Bain Yesterday Deters Ladies
Prom Taking Part in Scheduled ..
Contest on Presidio T.<nV«,
The mixed fo&rsomes over eighteen
holes, medal play, with handicap, set
down on the schedule of the San Fran
cisco Golf Club did not take place yester
day on the Presidio links on account or
the heavy rain which fell In the morning.
They will be held next Saturday.
It is announced on the bulletin board
of the San Francisco Golf Club that the
competition for the council's cup for men
will be postponed from December 1 unless
eight or more players qualify for the
match rounds.
In spite of the threatening weather and
the heavy condition of the course several
members went round for practice In th©
afternoon.
same was played last season at Palo
Alto, but, the team being made up of
players from various clubs, the differ
ent uniforms made It hard to distin
guish'the-members of the opposing
elevens. It Is Intended to take down
two club teams ¦wearing: their distinc
tive'uniforms. 'This will render the
game 1 much more Interesting and easy
to understand.
PARIS, Nov. 2L— Princess Mathilde
Let it la Wilhelmtna Bonaparte Is seri
ously ill here* - - •
OA.~KIaA.TSTD BACIiTBACK — Saturday, Nov. 21. — Weather ' showery. Track sloppy.
C3-J2. FIRST RACK— Seven furlongrs; selling:; 4-j-ear-olds and upward; value to first, $325.
Index I Horee and Owner. Wt St. % . £T 9i, Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. , Cl.
K38 Greenock. 6 (J. Woods) 107 4 6 4 4 2%2 S 1 1%1 4 |I. Powell... 3*3
M22 Billy Moore. 6 (Rector) ffi 5 22 lHln }5 29 |Kun« ...:.. 10 12
&:«2 Redwald. 6 (Magrane & Co.). 06 7 0 1 0 1^4 1»43 3 3 5 W Coleman 2 3
4754 Bedner. 6 (J. A. Cruse) 100 88 Sh644 1%4 ?4 Fe'rrell .... 3 16-5
6313 MarWio. 4 (J. Quinlan) 103 6 4h 2h 3 1%5 2%5 4 U Jackson. 4 7
(6101) Burdock. 6 (H. F. Parks) 101 3 7 n 7 3 7 3 6 4 0 6 H. Smith... 8 20
4753 Matin Bell, 4 (A. Josephs)... 97 1 3 h ; 8 8 7274 OUphant ... 15 60
JK»O_ Max Bendlx. 5 (Schrelber).. . 100 2 1 h 3 l'j« 4 8 8 D. Hall 10 . 80
Time— :23. :49*4. 1:17. 1:80%: At post 1% minutes. Oft at 2:12>4. Greenock, place." 1:
f-how. 1-2. Moore, place, 4; show. 2. Itedwald. chow. 1-2. Winner, br. h. by Bramble-
L.lllian Lindsay. Trained by W. P. Woods. Scratched — Grand Sachem. Start good.
Won In a gallop. Next three driving hard. Greenock Is a handy old cripple In the mud
when not grouty. Redweld is a slow breaker. Bedner oft poorly. Marello did not run
his race. Beridlxiioaicooaiivt- ¦
5343. SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; purse; 2-year-olds;. value to Bret. $325.
Index 1 Horse and Owner. Wt St. *X. yf. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op! OL
(4374) Bearcatcher (T. G. Ferguson). 105 5 ... 11 1 I%1 n 1 1 J. Martin.. 2 S
53S7 Sol Smith (J. M. . Cooper) 108 1 ... 2 h 3 1Mj2 2%2 % Otis * 10 15
<5.»7) Don Domo (J. F. Newman).. 112 3 ... 4 3%2 2 3 4 3 2^4 Ferrell 3-5 • 11-20
&3?1 Avenger (J. F. Schorr) 10S 2 ... 5n 5 3>£4 « 4 10 Reed 10 12
6325 Abydos (P. Ryan) 102 4 ... 3 % 42 55 5 6 Chandler .. 20 30
Wlnefreda (B. Schrelber) 106 6 ... 6 6 6-6 D. Hall 20 100
Time— :2*%. :49%, 1:17. At post C% minutes. Off at 2:42%. .Bear, place. 7-10; show, out.
Sol. place, 5 2: show. 3-5. Domo, show, out. Winner, br. c. by St. George-Sallle McAl
liEter. Tnlned by T. G. Ferguson. Start fair. Won very easily. Next two driving
hard. Winner was ready and it will take a good one to beat him. Don Domo can do
better probably over a different track. Avenger will Imorove.
5344. THIRD RACE — Seven furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and Upward; value to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. IWt St. %. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
C322 Sugden. a (McNames) |100 6 6 % 5 ltfl n *1.2%1 3V4 Chandler . ~~t 11-8
0334 IGalanthus. 5 (Mrs. Coffey)...| 98 7 7 7 7 4 1«,42 4 . Connell .... 0-2 4
K!08 Bard Burns. 5 (Fountain) 1105 4 In 1 % 22 2 2&3 3% Bell . 5 s *
(5334) Canejo. C (G. B. Morris) 100 S6S64627 4 1% L. Jackson. 4 18-8
6333 H Thatcher. 6 (Hastings). .. 101 3 3 h 2 h 3 1%5 n 6 2 J. Martin.. 8 12
G198 Mountebank, a (Keating) 95 1 2%3n 42 3 3 6 1% Hllderbtnd 3 7
.... J. J. Corbett. 5 (Hedge*) .... 103 2 4 1^4 H 6 % 6 h 7 iFerrell .... 10 12
Time— :24 :50U. 1:18%. 1:31 tf. At post % mlnuta. Off at 3:05%. Sugden, place, 4-5:
. show. 2-5. Galanthus. place. / 6-5; show, 3-6. Burns, show. 3-2. Winner, chl g. by St.
Leonards-I^ucella. Trained by J. M. McXames. Scratched— Flourish. Erne, Quiet Start
good. Won in a gallop. Second driving hard. Third stopping, i Sugden enjoyed first
rate raclnr luck and was well ridden. Away better. Galanthus might have won. Burns
tired. Canejo didn't do m,uch._ - M y m^ e bank_was_short._ _
0345. FOURTH RACE — 1 1-16 miles; handicap; 3-year-olda and up; value to first, $500.
Index) -Hor»e and Owner. I WtlSt. % . Vt- %• Btr. Fin. Jockey. Op!. of.
K329~iBragg. 4 (J. Curl) 11061 52312 1 2V41 3.15 ID. Hall. :.. I ~* 3 5-2
<5300)|Eonic 5 (C Young).. ]107i 4 1 % 2 % 2 n 2 n 2 3% Chandler .. 8-5 11-5
5309 iHoratius 3 (J.J. McAllester)I107| 3 5 5 ' 5 : 4 1 3 2% I. Pcwell... -e 7
5309 Ivellow fail. 6 <J. Hackett). .(lio| 1 4 2%3 % 8 1%3 14 7 j R. King.... 8 12
5S09 IXIgrette. 3 (W. B. Jennings). | 971 2 3 % 4 2VJ4 1^5 5 , Ferrell .... 5-2 11-B ,
Time— :24V4." :DOVi. 1;16." 1.44%. 1:51. r At post V, minute. Oft at 3:30. Bragg, place, 7-10;
show, 1-4. Eonic. place, 7-10; show, out. Horatius, show, out Winner, b. h. by Sid
dartha -Can tatrlce. Trained by J. Curl. Start good. Won very easily. Next two flrlv
ing hard. Bragg was heavily backed and brought home the coin. Eonlo ran a good race
Horatius did his best. Yellow Tail. stopped. Nlgrette will improve.
r.tt-IO. FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs; selling ;¦ 3-year-olds and upward; value to . first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St \L. %. ;%". Btr. Fin; j Jockey. Op.: a.
5310 Martinmas 3 (Henshell) . . . . . 105 3 ... 4 H 42 21 Ins Otis ".i 5 , -3
8315 Lord Melbourne, 3 (Bender). . 100 8 ... 7 1^5 n 8 2.2 % Ollphaht ... 10 ""lO
(5300) Captivate. 5 (P. Hlldreth) . . . . 103 2 .;. 1 1H1 2^1 1 8 5 , L. Jackson. 15 20
Silurian 5 (Lamasney) 100 6 ... 8 7 % 6 2 4 H Poley ...... 10 40
M09 The Fretter. a (O'Rourke). . . 104 1 ... B.H'.6 3 4 %03 Haack . 10 ' ' 12
0S26 Tower of Candles. 6 (Young). 100 7 .;. 63 2 h 7 8 6 2^4 Chandler .. 6-2 11-5
(5332) Matt Hogan. 6 (Magrane) . . . . 106 4 2 n 3 n 3 1 7 8 D. Hall.... 8-2 2
45C5 Sir Preston. 3 (J. Hunter)... 90-5 ... 8 % 8 8 8 Connell .... -30 60
5310 Fort Wayne. 3 (A. Robs)..... 03 » IHllderbrnd ' v. 6 - 12
Time— :24%, :4D, 1:16%. At post 2 minutes. Oft at 3:59. Martinmas, place," 2;, show, 4-5.
• Lord place 4; show. 2. Captivate. 'show, 3. .Winner, ch. g. . by Martasrom-Nekomlfl.
Trained by E. Wright Scratched — Oro Viva. ; Halnault. Mildred ; Schultz. , Start good, i
Won'in a hard drive of three. Away, better and with- a closer': ride' Lord "Melbourne
- would have won.- Martinmas well handled. Captivate beat' the others away. . Silurian
will bear watching. Candles could not get to. the front .'Hall had. Matt Hogan 'in > the
poorest going. 'Left. '_•'_¦ 1^ '-'"•¦_" '"T • _-,-,''_,-,"_ -'„"- I-; — '-..111, -I, — -;-;„ -,•„.„.„•.*'
R347. SIXTH RACE — One mile: selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first. $325. ¦
Index I . Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. % . %. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey.; I Op.. Cl.
5317 (Diderot, 5 O. P. Atktn) :.."... 100 4 1' n 1 1W1 1%1 1%1 ns IHllderbrnd '3-2 '-3-2
(KJ.TJ)iMiracle II. 4 (J. Curl). ....... O» 1 2 2%2 4 2 4 3 3 2 5 • |Knapp . . 2 '8-5
5328 1 Dodle S, 4 (S.G.Morton) 100 2 4 2 4 3%4 7 4 10 3 % IFoley . . . .. . 4 6
(r,2«2) (Colonel Van. 5 (Cy Mulkey)..» 113 3 3 1%3 2%3 4 f '2H 4 15 JRobertson . 4 . • 7
6311 jConstable. 4 (Stockton Stable) 101 0 5 « B H 5 10 5 8 5 8 I J. ; Martin.*. 30 80
.5328 1 Rio Shannon, 6 (Coffey) ....... 07 5^6 6' 0 6 6 [Connell-.:.. 30 '¦¦'¦ .28
Time— :27. :52%, 1:19^. l:46Vi. At post 2 minute*. Off «,t 4:26.' "Diderot; placed 1-2;; show,"
out Miracle, place. 2-6 ; show.: out. - Dod le 8, show, 1-2. ¦ 2 Winner, . ch. • g.* by ; Rosseau
• La Relna.- Trained by E. % Carey.- Start fair. ; Won in a * hard; drive -of .three, v. Diderot
struck his own kind of going and stood a long drive. Dodle S got up late. Colonel Van
could have won with a competent rider up.
No association football match • will
take place in this city to-day, no ground
having been secured for the game be
tween the Pickwicks and v Vampire
teams, which is set ' down on the
schedule of the California League.
This match will be played on Thanks
giving* day on a ground not yet deter
mined upon. There will, however, be
two other matches, one at Idora Park,
Oakland, and the other on the cricket
ground at Webster street. Alameda.
The Oakland Hornets will meet the
Thistle eleven at Idora Park, at 2:30
p. m. The Thistles will line up in the
following positions: Lowe, goalkeeper;
Forrest, right full back; Tierney, left
full back; McGregor, right half back;
Taylor, left half back; Duncan, center
half back; A. Disher, outside right;
Smith, Inside right; Lydon, center for
ward; B. Dlsher, inside left; Rlntoul,
outside left. 1 .
The team of the Oakland Hornets
will be made up as follows: C. C. Y.
¦Williamson, goalkeeper; W. Pomroy,
left full back; Connolly, right full back;
Bird, right half back; Chambers, cen
ter half back; McKay, left half back;
Lackle, outside right; Cowell, inside
right; Shand, center forward; Ersklne,
inside left; Hunter, outside left C. W.
Irish wiU'referee the game.
Connolly,- who was ruled off toward
the close of last season for rough play
on the American-British Rifles' team,
Is in the field again. He plays a strong
aggressive game and is a useful for
ward. Shand goes back to center
forward, the position played by him
last season on the Rifles' team. Last
Sunday in the match against the Vam
pires, he played right back.
On the cricket ground at "Webster
street, Alameda, the Occidental eleven
will meet the Independent team, the
kick offitoklng place at 2:30 p. m.
Henry Roberts, secretary of the Cali
fornia Association Football League,
will referee the contest. The Occidental
team will occupy the following posi
tions on the field: Chivers, goal
keeper; Evans, left back; McCarty,
right back; Lloyd, left half back; Bow
den, center half back; HIggins, right
half back; F. Holland, outside left;
Condon, Inside left; V. Holland, cen
ter forward; Lydon (captain), inside
right; Smith, outside right
The Independent team will line up as
follows: Forbes, goalkeeper; Arm
strong,! left back;. Lynch, right back;
Smith, left halfback; ."Watt, center half
back; Walsh, right halfback; E. Fay,
outside left; Mechels, inside left; Ellis,,
center forward: T. Fay, inside right; :
Russell, outside right. Watt, the cen
ter halfback, has Just returned from
Manitoba, where he was captain of the
Fairburn football team, holders of the
championship of Manitoba.
, During the past week the following
registrations of players qualified to
take part in the matches of the Cali
fornia Association Football League
have been made: Albion Rovers. Her
bert Cox: Occidentals, John O'Brien,
William Evans (transferred from the
Vampire Club) and Thomas Higgins;
Thistles, Peter Lydon; Oakland Hor
nets, D. A. Connolly and Hugh McGIll,
the latter transferred from the Inde
pendent Club; Independents, G. Watt;
Pickwicks, Adam Angus, Peter Cowan
and Andrew Murdock. The total of
registered players is 179. .
Next week a meeting of the Califor
nia Association Football Union will be
held, at which arrangements will be
made for matches for_ the cup and the
drawings for the first" round of games.
The Independent and Vampire clubs
will enter two teams for the cup, and
it is possible the Thistles may do the
same.
, The following table shows the stand
ing of the seven clubs in the Califor
nia Association Football League at the
present time: _^
2? P " I si 5
clubs. || : : V | .•
Vampire ......... 2 2-0 T 0 4
Thistle ........... .2.2-0 4 04..
Independent ....... 3-2: 1 T 3.L4-
Hornet ..;........ 8' 1 2 3 4
Occidental 2 • 1 8- »• 1
Pickwick*....; 2 • 1 8 8 l:
Albion Rovera. 2 0 [2. 1 ' | 4.) 0
•Tie.; . ¦ ~ :.' : -.-. v -'~ ~~~~
An exhibition game : of .'. association
football will be played soon between
two teams of the California League on
the campus of Stanford University. A
Three Teams Have Taken an
Equal Number of
Matches.
Two Association Foot
ball Games Are
Scheduled.
HORNETS TO PLAY
THISTLE ELEVEN
V. LOS ANGELES/; Nov.:: 21.^-Frank A.
,WatersV has i been, appointed right of
wajT agent 7 of the; Salt Lake Railroad
to r succeed : J. B*. W. Diss, removed.
; As the members of the newly, organizet
team - are either; artillerymen or cavalry
men;; they are to wear red and yellow cap
bands and stockings." Lieutenant; Sypher,
a popular, young artillery officer, was cho
sen; mascot of tthe. team.; ; "
. Owing to the . wet weather that has pre
vailed . for. the last week Uhe . lieutenants
have v been . unable to do r any! practicing,
ibut as soon; as the weather permits they
Intend doing some hard 1 , training ; prepara
tory,, to playing the officers' team at Mon
terey.
I Tho officers of the Presidio have become
enthusiastic over baseball, and after see
ing: the splendid showing: made by the en
listed men's j team ' they have decided - to
organize a team of. their, own. At a meet-
Ing of . the young 'officers yesterday morn
ing in the dubrooms Captain White ¦ was
elected captain and manager of the new
team. ; He ,was ; for. three ' years captain of
the West Polntteam and served one year
as pitcher of the Salt Lake nine. •
as Head of : the New
Nine./; [I ¦
Captain White Is Chosen to Act
OFFICERS WILL ORGANIZE
CRACK BASEBALL TEAM
s The five-mile open race was won by
the Toledo machine,*" driven by Saun
ders; Ryus second, Garbutt third.
Time, 6: 53 1-5.
: Oldfleld will go against all records up
to 'fifteen miles to-morrow. In his big
machine.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 21.— Another
big crowd attended the automobile
races at Agricultural Park this after
"noon. The races were' without feature.
No records were broken, and aside from
Barney Oldfield's appearance in two
events there was small interest mani
fested. The competition races were
mere processions. Summary:
The flve-mile open race was won by
Shuttler's oidsmobile in slow time,
Cowan second, Hamlln third.
Five miles, open to club members'
pleasure machines, was taken by F. W.
Flint Jr.,*who ran away, from the' field,
A.'W. Eagar second, G. B. Ellis third.
Average time aboutl:40 per mile.
Barney Oldfleld, " against the fifteen
mile record, driving his "Baby Bullet"
machine, covered the distance in
15:44 4-5.
Chief Interest Centers in the Attempt
. of Oldfleld to Establish a
New, Record.
ATJTOMOBIIjE CONTESTS
ATTRACT A LARGE CROWD
Billy Magrane's sprinter, Matt Ho
gan, hooked up with quite a collection
of speed in the slx-furlon* jaunt, fifth
on the card, and had the honor of be
ing Installed favorite. D. Hall picked
out the worst footing for him and came
In among the "also ran" division. Otis
on Martinmas rode a well timed ra.ee
and in an exciting drive earned a nose
decision over Sidney i Bender's t Lord
Melbourne, against which 12 to 1 was
laid. After cutting out the early pace,
Captivate ran third. Tower of Candles,
the second choice, also ran disappoint
ingly. : . * .
Six started in the last event, a mile
selling race. Diderot, with Hildebrand
in the saddle, went to the post a slight
favorite over Miracle II ridden : by
Kriapp. The two midget riders fought
it out hammer and tongs ¦;, the last
eighth of a mile,*Dlderot receiving the
verdict by a nose. Dodle S took show
honors. : •¦_.
' NOTES OF THE TBACK.
C. n*i Pettinglll arrived from New
York on a belated train Friday night
and assumed his position :. as asso
ciate Judge in the stand yesterday.
> Willie Waldo; the Jockey, is, here. - He
will be ¦managed, by. "Butch". Fisher,
and It is to be hoped with better;re
t-ults than marked the young, man's
saddle work last season.
.-George Erllck,';. a well-known turf-,
man of St. Louls/is here. |Mr.: ErUck
is manager for '• Cella, Sippy and Alder
and will put a book on next week, s He
would have, cut in yesterday but, for
njisslng a boat. \V :
, V Green , Morris is tin , owner again. ,', He
purchased Canejo from Steve, Judge
yesterday and later gave Dell' Fountain
a f airprice f or the 3-yearJold Dupont.' i
the pause . before the numbers
were exhibited af ter Uhe • finish : of the
fifth race,' Charley Henshall-unbut
toned his* overcoat/. There was 1 a v cause
for -his feeling a trifle warm; -for? he
told 'some ; friend '. that ¦ he ;,bet; $2000 on
Martinmas at 5 . to ; 1^ The '.money .was
placed ¦. in poolrooms and this $10,000
clean-up 1 is the first real "killing"- made ';
, on the season.' :
Pat > Dunne," the Chicago turfman, .-' Is
stopping > here ''; for " a ¦ day .of .' so?' on'? his'
\vay y to]Lbs;Angeles: v
Robertson,* who * rode '[[ Colonel "Van;
was considered r quit© 'a • Jockey up in
Chandler landed the third number,
also a seven-furlone affair, with Sug
den. The aged gelding attracted* a
heavy play, the price dropping from 4
to 11 to 5, and he also won in a gallop
from Galanthus. Bard Burns led to the
stretch, where he gave out. Galanthus
opened favorite and might have won
but for Connell'8 dilatory tactics 'at the
post. ¦ fiY->- Qiii'iZi&O
SUGDEN HEAVILY PLAYED.
only successful favorites, the ring did
not find business so profitable, for the
other winners all received smart sup
port. Sugden, Martinmas and Bragg,
the handicap winner, were extensively
supported. Nearly every book that did
not "duck 1 ! the coin, lost on the after
noon's-play.
.The Windy, City contingent set It in
on Bragg to take : the .mile * and a j six
teenth handicap, as if they knew some
thing. 1 The Siddartha horse's odds
were bumped from 4 to 2&, while the
general public confined its operations to
betting on Eonic and Nigrette, each
closing at 11 to' 5. There was nothing
to It from the start but Br^gg. Eonic
was the only one that could get within
hailing distance of him, and at the wire
he beat Caesar Toung's mare going
away. Yellow Tail had speed, but did
not last, losing the . show to Horatius.;
Nigrette did not show to advantage. .••
Old Greenock, with his proppy under
pinning, took the opening seven furlong
selling event" without half trying. • His
race of the day before just seemed to
have keyed him up, and after closing
equal favorite with Redwald, he romped
In ahead of Billy Moore. Redwald fin
ished third.' Ferrell managed to get
away badly with Bedner, or that horso
would have had a chance. -
CRACK TWO - YEAR- -OLD
WHICH BEAT A GOOD FIELD
AT OAKLAND.
Fifth race, maidens, one mile — Nor
bury won, Silver Foam second, King
B third. Time, 1:43 3-5.
Sixth race, handicap, mile and three
sixteenths—Circus won. Sheriff Bell
second, Highlander third. Time, 2:06.
Fourth race, Grand Consolation for
two-year-olds, seven furlongs — Ortho
dox won, Robin Hood second, Reliance
third. Time, 1:281-5. . '
Second race, five and a half furlongs
—Beneficent won. Kern second, Ben Ad
kins third. Time, 1:13. '
Third race, one mile^— Frank Me won,
Kiwasa second, Sailors Dream third.
Time, 1:47.
Fourth race, seven furlongs, Avon
dale handicap — Commodore won. Fath
er Tallent second, Rainland third. Time,
1:32&: ;
. Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth hand
icap — Fonsoluca won. Ocean Dream
second, Jack Ratlin third. Time, 1:53%.
Sixth race, seven and a half furlongrs
— Fair Lady Anna' won, Christine A
second, Behoove third. Time, 1:40.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2L— Bennlngs
results i
First race, seven furlongs— Taxman
won, The Major second, Plttacus third.
Time, 1:30.
Second race, six ' furlongs — Clear the
Arena won, Fort Hunter second, Sour-
Ire third. Time, 1:151-5.
Third race, Chevy Chase steeplechase,
about two and a half miles—Imperial
ist won, Manlllan second, R. B. Sack
third. Time, 5:26.
Finishes First in the Avondale at
' the Latonia Track.
CINCINNATI, 1 Nov. 21.— Latonla re
sults:
First race, six furlongrs— Miss Aubrey
won, Hilee second. Dynasty third.
Time, 1:18%. fr-^-J.^ \-
COMMODORE TAKES HANDICAP.
Idaho. Too bad the racing season
didn't last longer- there.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBEK^ 5TJ, iyU3.
Owner of Martin
mas Makes Big .
"Killing."
36
(^^^^^™?^^^^^ . In S. S. S. Nature has provided a tonic suited to
vvbllP^^h evel 7 requirement of the system when in a debilitated,
•^>===^ jtjq down condition. It contains no strong 1 minerals or
drugs, but is a pleasant vegetable preparation. You can find no better
remedy for toning up theneryes and bringing refreshing, restful sleep when
in a low state of health, br sick and worn out with work or worry.
S S S. improves the I have no hesitancy in recommending jour S. 8.8.
l-i ' ¦~;Aa-*U'*Aicrt«t~ Mthe best Bpringr tonlo on the market. I have used
appetite, aids the dlges- many otnar me <Ucines, but find 8. a. 8. to bo nndoobt-
tion and reinforces the cdly the only tonlo that will build op. tho system. I
I «^«^ ««^ it« <rnrA t»f- Bha " take) pleasure in telllnB all whom - 1 - think in
system, and its gooa ei- need ol a ood blood tomo ol your medioine.
fects are seen almost from Yours truly, > - IZetwis s.FrEBirB,
the first dose. It acts Care Stoll, Hamilton & Co. IiexingtonTKy.
promptly in cases of chronic dyspepsia, indigestion and all stomach troubles,
and does away with the uncomfortable fullness, nausea, shortness of breath,
drowsiness and dizziness that so often come after eating.
S. S. S. is not only the best tonic but possesses alterative or purifying
properties, and U* there is any taint, humor or poison in the blood it
searches it out, and removes it. Many times a low state of health is due.
to a bad condition of the blood and can only be remedied by a blood purifier
and tonic combined, or such a remedy as S. S. S.
-. If -you suffer, from debility, insomnia, nervousness, loss of appetite,
-bad digestion," or any of jthe symptoms of a disordered blood, nothing will
so soon put i your blood in good . condition, invigorate and tone up ; the
system as S. S. S. SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., A TIANTA, CAs
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jig"
G DR. 0. C. JOSLEN |
p The Ltadin? Specialist. M
g I Cure the Cases That B
M Others Cannot Cure K
r> A boll Etatement. but Just as true H
H a? It if bcld. Not all cases that oth- 6
t] era fall to cure are curab!« by my L
i meihocs. but fully ninety per cent of r
i them. The way to learn whether your H
I case is cur.ible Is to consult roe. I B
% know exactly what can be done la £
d every inRtance. I ought to know this, M
I for I have done nothing other thaa y
: treat men's diseases for seventeen RJ
; years. If your case ft curable I will f
; treat you. If It isn't I will not. H
1 MY CURE FOR t]
| weakness!
! Is elmply a process of restoring the F
1 i rrjftate gland to Its normal state, and ¦
) this I accomplish promptly and com- f,
i pleiely. My treatment is a. local one Pi
I entirely. It is original and sclentlflc, |i
and has been proven absolutely ef- H
; fective Yy thousands cf tests. I am H
¦ convinced that by no other methods B
can full ' and complete restoration of H
pi rtreseth and vigor be accomplished, H
j because I cure each case I treat. Ul
: Varlcocele 9
Absolutely painless treatment that |i
Scurfs completely In one week." In- N
veftlffate my method. It Is the S
only thorougrhly scientific treat- [2
mer.t for this disease being em- H
ployed. f J
Contracted Disorders I:
Be eure your core Is thorough. H
Not one of my patients haa ever 9
had a relapse after being <Sis- N
I charged as cured. , and I cured In h
less time than the ordinary forms H
of treatment- require. pi
Other disorder* Z euro are H
Stricture, Bpermatorrnea, &oit fj
Vigor, Specific Blood Pcisoa, M
Piles, and all reflex ailments.. H
My fees are fair; my ' cores N
are permanent, asl yon' can ¦
pay when cored. H
My pamphlet. "Xilve All Toor a
Tears a Kan," free at office or U
by mail. . H
I offer conrultatloa free and am al- Eg
_ way* elad to render any advice that B
ft may he helpful. All correspondence H
|j etrictly confidential. M
I DR. 0 .jfjOSLEN 8
Cor. Market and Kcarny Sts., S
tt Private Entrance. 702 Market St. ¦ Jg .Continued From Page 35, Column 6.
BLUE OF OLD ELI TRIUMPHANT,
SAN JOSE. Nov. 21.-The Santa
Clara High School football eleven de
feated the San Jose High School team
to-day on the Santa Clara College grid-
Iron by the score of 15 to a
CHICAGO, Nov. 21.— Wisconsin 6.
Northwestern 6.
ANNAPOLIS, Nov. 21.— The Virginia
Polytechnic Institute defeated the navy
football eleven to-day by a score of 11
to o.
IOWA CITY, Nov. 21.— Iowa 12, Illi
nois 0.
BETHLEHEM. Pa., Nov. 21.— Lehigh
12, Lafayette 6.
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J., Nov. 21.—
Rutger 0, Franklin and Marshall 0.
ANN ARBOR, Nov. 21.— Michigan 42.
Oberlin 0.
AUBURN. Cal., Nov. 21.— Placer
High School 15, Chlco 0.
On Various Gridirons.
FITZSnOIONS IS FAVORITE.
Ring experts are equally divided in
their opinions as to the relative abili-
The t^or.ty-five round battle between
Britt ar.d Canole at Colma on Friday
night was the ts^k of the town yester
day. It w ss admitted on every hand
that ite contest was the best seen in
t'h:s vicinity for years. The majority
of the men who attended the fight.
however, vowed they would not again
undergo the hardships they suffered
!ast Fr:iay ni^ht to see the best men
in the world combat
Britt and Canole spent the day in
the baths working out the soreness in
thdr arms and legs. Britfs face show
ed he had pone through a hard battle.
He had a deep gash over his left eye
and his face was swollen in many
places. Jimmy's right arm was par
ticularly sore. He used it in blocking
c'ir.ole's leads and as a result he was
fcrced to carry it in a sling. Canole's
lips were twice their normal size. His
face was also swollen and his body
ached from the terrific smashes Britt
landed on him.
Britt will take a much needed rest,
but will challenge the winner of the
Corbett-HarJon contest. Canole will
stay out here under' the care of Alec
Greg'Sair.s and will be ready to meet
all comers. He is only 19 years of age
tnd has not grot his strength. In a year
or so he will make a strong bid for
championship honors.
The gate receipts Friday night were
J2S59. Of this sum the fighters received
Jii^S 50. Eritt received 51072 15 as his
share for winning and Canole's share
was J357 38. Britt also had a private
agreement with the Colma Club, which
gave him 13 per cent of the entire gate
receipts, netting him J42S additional.
Canole's bor.us consisted of two rail
road tickets from the East and return.
HETZBEE WELCH'S FIGURES.
Referee Jack Welch kept a careful
tab on the battle and yesterday gave
The Call a copy of his card. It showed
that Britt had the best of eleven
rounds, Canole eight rounds, whiie six
rounds were even up. The card show
ing-*he various rounds was marked as
follows:
Britt Canole. . Even.
3 2 1
* 5 10
S 6 12
9 7 20
13 11 15
1* 17 16
13 IS "
22 a
£4 .^ m " mm
25
The manager is blamed by the direct
ors of the Colma Athletic Club for the
inconveniences suffered by the ring
goers. In future a new head will man
age the club's affairs. The club prom
ises to get a geng- that will be heard in
the ring^ and will also provide better
ventilation. Other improvements are
promised for the Johnson-Ferguson bat
tle, among them getting the men in the
ring earlier.
Harry Corbett took a large party to
the fight in a private car. In the party
were the following well-known sports
men:
Young Corbett, Tim McGrath, Colonel
Martin Brady, George Weeden, Jim
Wallace, John J. Gleason, George Hart
ing. Eddie M. Graney, Morris Levy,
Matt Larkin, Eddie Hanlon, Harry
Monahan, Dick Adams, Frank Shortall,
Charles Bush, "Bunty" Short, John Pe
ters, John J. Barrett John Willey,
Richard Dwyer, Ed Kripp, Charles
Long, Charles Levy, Arthur Loftus,
Captain Norman, Thomas Mulvey,
James Coffroth. Harry Corbett, Ed
Smith. William Applegate, Thomas
Murphy, Jack Wolfe. Harry Green and
John Gilmartin. There were several
other private" cars on the road.
The announcement of the receipts of
the fight created surprise, as it was
thought at least 15000 had been taken
at the gate. With this big crowd, the
largest It may ever have. It is esti
mated the club made only 59, which Is
not a good profit, considering that the
Colma building cost $5000. As it is at
present arranged the gallery seats are
at once the best and the cheapest.
MANAGEMENT IS BAD.
In discussing the battle Referee
Welch said:
"It was the cleanest, most scientific
and most gentlemanly battle I ever ref
ereed. In fact, it was the best I have
ever seen. Canole's showing was re
markably good. I believe he will do
better when he gets his strength. I
understand he is only 19 years old. Had
I been called upon last night to give a
decision at the end of the twentieth
round I would have called it a draw.
1 It was in the last five rounds that Britt
[ showed the greater strength and en
' durance. Britt won the battle by show.
! ing these qualities. He certainly hurt
J Canole every time he punched him. Ca
nole also showed great gameness. Ca
nole has a splendid left hand, but he
has no steam behind it."
The sale of tickets for the contest has
been large, the indications being that
Mechanics' Pavilion will be packed to
the doors on Thanksgiving eve. Man
ager Coffroth has arranged to have a
big corps of ushers and police to handle
the crowd.
Fitz and Gardner will entertain large
crowds at their respective training
quarters to-day. Fitz will work out in
the afternoon at Croll's gardens, Ala
meda, and Gardner will exhibit himself
at Larkspur.
ties of Fitzslmmons and Gardner in
next ¦ Wednesday night's contest. The
betting started at 1 to 2. with Fitzslm
mons favorite. John J. Gleason, leader
of the Olympic Club, immediately bet
$250 on Gardner and tried to make it
$300, but the betting switched to 10 to 6.
It is expected the betting will be 10 to 8
before the night of the battle. Gardner
is looked upon as the best short-end
that has appeared in months. He is
out to win. He holds the light heavy
weight championship,- and, If victorious,
is in line for a battle with Jim Corbett
in May. He can also have a battle with
"Sandy" Ferguson or Jack Johnson, in
January, under the auspices of the San
Francisca Athletic Club. Gardner has
everything to gain by beating Fitz. He
has trained harder for this battle than
he has for any previous contest He
has set his heart on beating the Cor
nishman, and if he succumbs to one of
Fitz's heavy punches he will be broken
hearted.
Fitz was born on June 4, 1S62, at EI
ston, Cornwall, England. He has been
at the fighting game since 18S9. He is
41 year of age. During his career he
has been beaten four times, twice by
Jeffries, ence by Jim Hall, whom he af
terward knocked out, and on a foul to
Tom Sharkey.
Gardner was born in County Clare,
Ireland, on March 17, 1S77; he is 5 feet
11% Inches In height, the same as Fitz
simmons. He has youth and vigor In
his favor. He is only 26 years of age
and is the youngest light heavyweight
champion the world has seen. He has
been fighting since 1S98 and has only
lost three fights, one on a foul and two
decisions against him. Walcott secured
one and was afterward defeated by
Gardner. Johnson grained a decision
over Gardner. Gardner comes of a
fighting family. He has two brothers
who are clever ringsters. Ills notable
victories were over "Kid", Carter, Joe
Walcott, Marvin Hart, Jack Root
(twice). Jack Moffatt and Peter Maher.
Gardner Is much heavier and bigger at
present than when he fought Johnson
here in October, 1902, an engagement
which should be thrown out in figuring
form.
Referee Welch Says the Californian Outpointed the Loser in Eleven
Rounds, Was Outpointed in Eight, While Six Were a Tie.
At Twenty Rounds He Would Have Called It a Draw Battle
BRITT AND CANOLE RING ENGAGEMENT
FURNISHES SUBJECT FOR DISCUSSION
SPORTS OF THE PRIZE RING.
The Chief of Police of Port Chester
furnished a clew, on which Inspector
McCluskey acted. It pointed to a man
who was recently arrested for assault
upon another Italian in a saloon and
who proved to be the same man whom
the Port Chester police had previously
had In custody on a charge of black
mailing. There was insufficient evi-
NEW YORK. Nov. 21.— In their search
for the band of blackmailers who have
demanded money from Rev. Joseph
Cirriggione of Willlamsbridge the po
lice have discovered that, under threats
of death, certain wealthy Italians of
Port Chester have been paying sums of
money to the same band. So many
points of similarity were found between
the operations of the Port Chester
Italians and those who selected Father
Cirriggione for a victim that Inspector
McCluskey sent two detectives from his
staff to Port Chester to-day to Investi
gate. .
Special Dispatch to Ths Can.
Father Cirriggione's Tor
mentors May Soon
BeinToila
POLICE ON TRAIL
OF BLCKMAILERS
—New York Commercial. '
Queen Christina of Spain has no less
than 200 rings. She makes a point oi
wearing them all in turn, changing
the rings on her fingers every time she
changes her dress, which she does as
frequently as four or five times a day.
Fft« Two Hundred Bings.
It Is claimed that "Thanksgiving
ought to come on Monday. Then the
homegoers would have two days in the
country. Now they must scramble to
get a part of one." Some of them, how
ever, take not only the Thursday, but
all the time to the following Monday.—
Brooklyn Eagle.
Should Be on Holiday.
dence to hold him on an assault charge
and he was released. The police are
now watching his movements and hope
to discover the Identity of tne man who
wrote the letters of Father Clrriggione.
According to the police of Port Ches
ter systematic payments were demand
ed by the Mafia, and the victims, who
had been terrified by threats, paid at
regular Intervals until the police ax
rested one of the alleged blackmailers.
He was held for some time, but when
the case against him waa called for
trial the complainant failed to* appear
and the man was released. The same
Italian was arrested three days ago
charged with being one of a band who
attacked an Italian named Fixiana Co
lombo and nearly killed him. Colombo
is now In a hospital at White Plains.
He Is said to nave given Information
which may aid the police In capturing
his assailants and connecting them with
the Jddnaplng of Father drriggione.
Yale scored again within five minutes
after the second half began. An ex
change of punts was followed by Yale
blocking a kick on Harvard's nfteen
yard line. The Yale team shoved Ho
gan over for a touchdown. Mitchell
failed to kick a goal.
Harvard by hard work then advanced
the ball to Yale's twelve-yard line. Line
plunges netted nine yards more. Here
Yale braced wonderfully and held Har
vard for downs. The blue rushed the
ball fifteen yards and kicked. Harvard
lost the ball on a blocked kick on her
own thirty-yard line. From here Yale
yard line amid the cheers of the blue's
supporters. It took three rushes to
push Kinney over for the first score of
the game, twenty-one minutes having
elapsed.
As Mitchell failed to kick a goal the
score s^ood: Yale 5, Harvard 0. The
balance of the half proved a series of
bitter disappointments to the crimson.
Three times the team was within
striking distance of the goal, and each
time failed to score a point After the
three failures of Harvard to score kick
ing was resorted to, but the half ended
without further score.
Nobody will have the least sympa
thy for the "Wall street man Just ar
rested in the West for. stealing bonds.
Nobody should, if he is guilty. Now
adays a "Wall street man who overlooks
the splendid opportunities for getting
rich quickly with.no chance of arrest,
and who, instead of flooding the mark
et with millions of dollars of worthless
stock, stupidly commits grand larceny,
will be treated only with the contempt
he deserves. A Wall . street promoter
who stoops so low in • the art of swin
dling .? as to ¦ break the . criminal law,
when he can be just as dishonest and
make a; great deal more money with
out-running chances of losing ; his
liberty, Is not 'a spectacle for pity,; but
an r object of everlasting scorn. — New
York Press ,-'¦ .,-¦
Common Theft In "Wall Street
Has Els "Will Handy.
. Kicardo B. Skinner, a carpenter,
about 65 years of age, died yesterday
at his residence. 220 Montgomery street.
He had been sick for several days. His
will was tacked to the wall at the head
of his bed. He beaueathed his effects
to his son, and requested Undertaker
Godeau to take charge of his remains,
for which purpose he left $50 in gold.
The will was dated last Januaiy.
SPOKANE, "Wash., Nov. 21.— While
an angry Pullman woman was making
the telephone wires smoke in an effort
to prevent the marriage of her daugh
ter In the neighboring town of Colfax,
the young woman was taking the wed
ding vows which made her Mrs. Fred
Libby.^ - .
Immediately after the ceremony the
bridegroom called up his •.mother-in
law over the long-distance telephone,
told of the wedding and asked forgive
ness. But instead of forgiveness he got
this message: .f
"You lie. You're not married; I'll
never forgive you."
Then Mrs. Valk, mother of the bride,
went to the brother and a sister of her
new son and vented her feelings in
forcible language, but was laughed at.
•The wedding followed an elopement
Miss Valk and Fred Libby had been
lovers for some time, but the girl's par
ents forbade him the house. The
couple . met clandestinely and planned
the elopement which was carriqd out
to-day. The. families of the young peo
ple are of different religious faith. This
fact is said to have accounted for the
parental objection. Young : Libby is a
blacksmith. His bride, aged 19, is a'
handsome young woman.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Irate Mother Unable to
Stop Elopement and
Wedding.
LOVERS LAUGH
AT COMMANDS
In seven rushes scored again, the third
and last touchdown. Mitchell kicked a
goal. >>
HAHVAED LOSES THE BALL
The play for the balance of the game
was on Tale's side of the field. Harvard
managed to rush the ball to Yale's sev
enteen-yard line, where it was lost on
downs. Yale kicked and Harvard tried
a goal from placement after Yale had
been penalized. The attempt failed.
Again Harvard tried to reach the Yale
posts and pushed the ball to the
twenty-two-yard line, to- lose » it on
downs. Yale then pushed the ball into
Harvard's territory- The game closed
with the ball on the crimson side of the
line. The line-up:
Harvard. Position. Tale.
Clothier Left end RaTTerty
Derby-Squier* Left tackle Klnney-
Blnsell-Morton
T. mflTn . Left g^iard.. ... . . Batchelder
PariKn* ....... ¦ c e nter " • • -Rollback
A Marshall R1 * ht ruart..MUler-Ktnaey
KnoXn .:.:.... MS" tackle Hogan'
. . . . Right end. . . . . -Shevlln
r Marshall Quarterback. Rockwell-Soper
Xtchol" Goodhue. . Left halfback . . ..Mitchell
Hurley • • R'sht halfback Meteair
MiUs-SchVellkopf . . Fullback . . . Farmer-Owsley
Officials— Referee. Paul DashJel. I<ehl?h; um-
Dlre M. McClunen, Lehlgh; timer. Whiting,
Cornell. Time, S3-mlnute halves.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAMj, SUNDAY, ¦,¦ NOVEMBER, 22. 1903.
37
; ADVERTISEMENTS. V
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦Ba
¦ A .* 5
S Here is what a well-known man says of our treatment : ?-; ¦
i SAN.QUENTIN, Aug.29, 1903. g
a "I was ruptured by a fall from a bicycle several years! ¦
Jj ago. I was treated by the Fidelity method and -after ten treat- jj
¦ ments was radically, -and, I believe, permanently cured. la
11 will cheerfully answer any questions relative thereto upon in- 5
¦ closure of necessary stamps." ¦'':¦?.. ¦:¦¦- . * . a
§ (Signed) ' A.DRAHMS, |
B -. ¦; '¦'.' Chaplain State Prison. q
® We have scores of other- letters like this. We have not/ g
m failed in a single case.. Call and see us before it is too late. . H
jg Consultation is free. . *
g FIDELITY RUPTURE CURE I
£ 1344 Market Street; Sari Francisco. g
BMHs»BBHBB9HBB!HHHUHHBHHaBHBBHBBBBBBaB&H
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
I 1 TififS&fcf^LA/AAft* an^ only
I uiiaerwear th e best
| viLLURET-pure wool by the best dressers
|j BOMBYRET—pure silk among men and women
H MEN'S $1.00 to $6.00
I* BOYS' $1.00 to $2.50
INFANTS' 75c to $1.25
WOMEN'S $1.75 to $8.50
\\ Athletic Supplies I
| — KNITlfTINGCO.
(i Open Saturdays till 10 P. U. eo GEARY STREET
ti» ¦ — ¦ — mi — ¦»!¦ ¦¦ iii ¦¦ i ¦ :- . - San Francisco. Cal.
I Pi s sLk fFTT' B B* &^ \£ I * « 5 Jri Wr^k w"^r
I " ' I >^j5^£^^ li 3-S,fl5s?< fi* jfS^KiP^HHC^f lyfttL * * • .*, -*_"** * ~
¦ •*# * * - m ' r^^S^^TJ^^sWL "^^rcM^^^^^^^^^^jpJ^^^^ * * * » *«
I ' * - • \^ t%$a *• • "¦*•-•-* I ' ' • • .* " • .
£^|§||g|S - Marquette Whiskey is the pure, first-quality
|£--2L2nIir§? whiskey of all the homes and clubs where su-
pyTBft7«|*g| perior whiskey is demanded.
|ii^-l!i* : Marquette is distilled by Grommes & Ull-
X$%M~2errPttf rich of Chicasro. who have the reputation for pro-
p| JW^^^ ducing the highest crade of liquors in America.
«^**»^ili* *^ s k or arc ! uettc w k«n you want good soods
E**^T ' * [jffirli and you will then be sure of getting the very best
S %k £•?^^5 whiskey it is possible to produce.
GROMMES & ULLRICH. W; J. KEARNEY, Representative, •
Distillers. 4oo BATTERY ST.. S. F.
CHICAGO. ILL. • Telephone Main stf. :
- . ADVERTISEMENTS.
JJi. ifiCLaUgHilil S UaS lflaUw LUG fJr^L
Get Some Life \\ & f 'W[ This Is the Way
Into You. \ I^^i|js8*fig / Thev FeeI -
What's the use of dragging your legs \ " : 5g& /fr? I j ***??%£ I The men who had given up hope, wh'o
about Hke a wooden man? Feel like a "\\ \ \ft r 7 / -j / thought there was no cure for them, until
man of spirit. Away with the pains and v X\ \ \ 'is I ' 7 —• /*• / / t_ ™ «* t ui- » t?i
aches; off with thii wretched feeling as ' v\ N^V \*5 H / 7 1/ they came upon Dr. McLaughlins Elec-
if you were seventy years old and had one w \Vn AX \ \\ l/////\^ tric Belt * Now are fuU ° f Hfe d
foot in the grave. Come and let me put Vv Ol s v > v\ \ \ \ 1 r /^/£*&^ overflowing with joyous spirits. Pains
life into your nerves; let me give you a l^S^s^#\\li '4 /s^^Jk are S one » weakness has gone, and full
new supply of youthful energy. Let me lS^3$>-— <4^J?m vigor is in every action,
make you feel like throwing your chest ttsL^wZ__i-i-J^^5fSf'l I * r •, n *«.- *•> t.
out, and your head up, and saying to Mi^iiffl liit^Eft y ° U /*
yourself, "I'M A ' MAN !" Let me give A^^V^W^^^^Ja--^- wear the grand hfe-savuig appliance for
you back that old feeling of youthful fire, l\^*^y4ltl \/\V^V* s >Ci two months at ni S ht - Ifc charge every
vim and courage. I can do it, so that in fx' S 7\H \ \ V^V nerve with electric life, and you will feel
two months you will wonder that you / J A I \ KXXsK rejuvenated and invigorated. It puts
ever felt so slow and poky as you do /^ \ ( FA ii-VVx > IX . j / * j , •
irZ Act to-dav Life is sweet so en- I / / f OlW iN> steam into your run-down body, drives j
joy every minute. away pain and renews youth.
I'll Pay $1OOO to Any Weak Man
No matter what else has failed to cure him, if I cannot make him a stronger and better man than he is with my newly improve'd
Electric Belt. This Belt is the marvel of electricians, having power enough to give healthy vigor to any part of the body not totally
paralyzed. . . . .
Every weak man wants to feel young again! To realize the joyous sparkle of nerve life as it infuses the body with its
glowing vitality ; to feel the magnetic enthusiasm of youthful energy; to be happy, light-hearted and full of joyous impulses; to be
free from spell's of despondency, from brain-wandering, from the dull, stupid feeling ; to have confidence, self-esteem and the admira-
tion of men and women I Such is the wish of the broken-down man, and it may be gratified.
Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt
Makes men noble; it causes the nerves to tingle with the joyful exhilaration of youth; it fills'the heart with a feeling of gladness,
makes everything look bright and makes the nerves like bars of steel.
It does this while you sleep, by "pouring electricity, which is nature's energy, into your nerves and blood. Electricity is life
to the vital parts ; when they are weak it will make them strong.
It Is truly the foundation of youth to men who have begun to feel older than they are, and It Is a fine thins for an old man who wants to feel youny. It
Is over two years now since I got a letter from Mr. A. Crawford' of Pokcgama, Oregon. In which he said: "I asked you to send me something to make an old man
young, and you did. I have worn your Belt three months, and am as vigorous as I was when a young man. I am seventy years old and can do as much work as
I could at thirty- five."
Her« Is a leter that I received from Mr. I am glad to tell you that I am cured ot 1 are better and I am better than I have beea order, the heart action all rlg^t. my
Crawford the oth-r day : recelvea mm my rheumatism. For years I was not able for years. I am sure that the Belt Is a God^ rarlcocel. ts rapid y disappearing -and mq
In reply to your letter I am »lad to say to dress myself without help and suffered send to any suffering: man or woman, and I complaint gradaahy yleld^s- My condl-
thit I am just as much In favor of your terrible patn. but had I taken your treat- can't say enough for it. Some peopls to tlon was very serious when I commenced
Belt aa I ever was. for It has been a re- ment I might have saved myself all this whom I speak of the treatment think It Is your treatment, and It does not seem possl-
markable help to roe. I am 72 years old. .ufterlns years ago. The money I spent a swindle, and say that they have been tn- ble that In «o 'hort a tlrne so great an _ lm-
but I do not look any more than BO. Am paying doctors" bills was all thrown away. quently misled In tha past by so-called rem- provement could b« brought about I have
enloylnir perfect h-alth and will continue Tour Belt has done for me In a few months edles. but my cure certainly convinces them spoken to several men about ta» Belt, and
to r^ommend the Belt, as I have been do- what doctors could not do In three years* that your Belt does what you say It will they are surprised to know the great ran*e
te/irtrt "iloni" «s I realize that but for continual treatment. I am glad to recom- Mr. M. O. Rollins, box S4fl. Blsbee. Art- of troubles this form of treatment reaches.
It I should have been dead and buried by mend the treatment to any one suffering *ona. says:. but what it has done la my case !« suffi-
thls time . with inflammatory rheumatism. I have worn the electric Belt thr*« cient to Drove to them Its •fflcacy. so I
Mr Joseph M. Elslng 725 Park avenue, Mr. W. H. Smith of Acampo, Cal.. says: months and the good It has done me has have no doubt but that you will bear from
San Francisco, says: ' I am improving all th» time: my nerves been continuous. My stomach is in good som« of tfcem.
I know that no man remains & weakling because he wants to: I am sure you want to overcome every Indication of early decay that has shown Itself on you.
I don't think the man lives who would not like to feel as. big and strong as a Sandow. and I know that If you have a reasonable foundation to build upon I can
make you a bigger man than you ever hoped to be. I want you to know that, you who cannot believe It and I want you to have my book, in which I describe how
I learned that manly strength was only electricity, and how I learned to restore it; also I want to tell you the names of some men who will tell you that when
they came to me they were physical wrecks, and are now among the finest specimens of physical manhood.
I want you to read this book and learn the truth about my arguments. If you ara not as vigorous as you would like to be. If you have rheumatic pains,
weak kidneys, loss of vitality, nervous spells, varicocele, or any ailment of that kind, it would assure you future happiness if you would look Into this method of
mine. Don't delay it; your best days are slipping by. If you want this book I send It closely sealed, free, if you send this ad. Call for free consultation.
r\D M r M/tI AITrSHI IM 906 Market St., Above Jg&ST* •• °- " « - 1 °» s -
UK. M. Kfi MCLALJUnUllN, EIHs, San Francisco. A^iffSASSSiE 1 st:
- \t ADVERTISEMENTS.
Men, Read This!
V 1 $500.00 REWARD
Jg£& for any cm* of Z.OST POWIB or IMPAXa£!> TTIGOS that
i^^ . Dp. Ii»wTeace'« new Perfected
Vacuum Developer
Cacnot restore; or for »nr cas« of Shrunken. Debilitated or "Weak Or-
\ g-ar.s that thte wonderful Perfected Vactrum Treatment falls to d*»eto»
> to normal proportions. . It also permanently cures Varlcocele. Prematsre-
cess, Drains. Stricture. Prostatlc Troubles, etc .
SENT TTLEE on tea days' trial and apwroral.
¦Its effect is pcsltlTe and scientific. It Is beyond question th«» greatest INVIGORA-
TOR the woTld has ever known. A SIMPLE. CONVENIENT AND PIXASANT
HOME TREATMENT. - l . f
Call or. write for Illustrated book «. FOR MEN ONI.T. «ho^rln» mal« system aad
explaining- our Perfected Vacuum Treatment. - Sent plain sealed. FREE. J
ALL DISEASES OF HEN. Contracted Disorder*, etc.. successfully treated at our
" Otflce. Our physicians ar« trained specialists and usa only best modern methods. >
Consultation trt*. Hours. 9t.in.to9p.ni; Sundays, 10 to t. ¦ >
,NO MONET REQUIRED CNTH. CURED. g
HEALTH APPLIANCE GO.,
• 6 OTARR ELL ST., Near Market, San Francisco.The Knights of Pythias Burial Asso
ciation has decided to give an enter
tainment and ball in Native Sons'.. Hall
for the purpose of Increasing the mon
ument fund of that organization. The
committee of arrangements has pre
pared a" first-class programme' of ' en
tertainment,- and upon its conclusion
there will be dancing for two hours.
Pythian Burial Association.
... James A. Garfleld Corps, Woman's
Relief Corps of the Grand Army of the
Republic, will give a novelty In the so
cial line in the assembly hall ¦ of the
Alcazar building on the evening of
Monday, November 30. It is to be a
'.'hunters' party," and there will -be
prizes for the successful hunters. '^V-v
Hunters' Party.
Gulllett's Thanksgiving extra mince pies, Ice
cream and cake. 905 Larkin st.; tel. East 198.*
Friendship demands quality, while love
is /often satisfied with quantity.
Deputy Fish Commissioner Hyde ar
rested Joseph Vermlllia at Benicla yes
terday for having small bass in his
possession. Justice of the Peace Biggs
fined the offender $20. Judge Fritz fined
J.-Pachles $20 for having small bass in
his possession. Deputy Welch arrested
W. Diehl of Oakland yesterday for ex
ceeding .the bag limit on ducks. Deputy
Davis arrested J. de Rosa at Black
Diamond. Contra Costa County, yester
day for having small bass in his pos
session. Justice of the Peace Fitzger
zdd fined De Rosa $20.
Game Law Violators Punished.
S. H. Friedlander, who has the man
agement of Adelina Pattl's farewell
concert tour for the Pacific Coast, has
appointed M. N. Klock assistant man
ager. Pattl is scheduled to give a series
of concerts in January in the principal
cities of this coast.
Management of Pattl.
Mission Council No. 3 of the Younsr
Men's Institute will give an entertain
ment and ball in Mission Parlor Hall,
on Seventeenth street, near Valencia,
on the evening of Wednesday. Novem
ber 25, for the pleasure of Its members,
friends and acquaintances. There Is to
be a good programme of varied num
bers and dancing.
Mission Council Will Entertain.
The annual masquerade ball of the
San Francisco Turn Verein will be
given next Wednesday evening, No
vember 25, at the verein hall, 353 Turk
street. This is one of a series of high
class entertainments and balls to be
given' during the season, at which the
best of music and refreshments will be
provided. The committee in charge of
the affair consists of Louis Hlnz, E.
Trost, F. Zecher Jr., E. Fleischer and
F. Attinger Jr.
Turn Verein Masquerade.
On Th&nkBglvlnsr day, Thursday, November
20, the California Northwestern Railway will
sell tickets from Ban Francisco to all points
mentioned below at half rates or one fare for
the round, trip, with limit of return Friday.
November 27 : . . .
St Vfncent, Iiroacto, Novata, Petaluma, Co
tatl, Santa Rosa. Fulton, Windsor. Healds
burg Lytton, Gey6ervtlle, Asti. Cloverdale,
Preston. Hopland, Guemevllle. Shellvllle.
Vlneburg. Sonoma, Agrua Callente, Glen Ellen,
Sebastopol, UkJah-
Tickets will be on sale at Tlburon ferry on
Thanksgiving day. *
On the California Northwestern Rail
way.
A man between 35 and 40 years of age
was knocked down last Friday even
ing near the Tanforan rac6 track by
a car of the United Railroads.
He was removed to St. Luke's
Hospital, where he died at a quarter
of 4 o'clock yesterday morning. On the
back leaf of a memorandum book
found on his person was the inscription,
"James Devlin, son of Robert T. Dev
lin of 346 W. Prince street, New York
City."
Killed by a Car.
HALF RATES
FOR THANKSGIVING
The case of Mrs. Martha E. Bowers,
charged' with' the murder of her hus
band, Martin L." Bowers, by adminis
tering arsenic to him, was called In
Judge Cook's court yesterday, to be set
for trial. The accused was represented
by Attorney Frank Drury, who asked
for as speedy a trial as possible. The
Judge said it was hard to get Jurors
during the holiday season, but he sup
posed the trial should take place before
the holidays. Finally the trial was set
for December 14. #
Mrs. Bowers' Trial Set.
The suit for an accounting filed by
County Clerk Albert B. Manony against
J. J. McGrath, his partner in the busi
ness of the Golden Gate Beer Bottling
Company and former Chief Deputy
County Clerk, will be heard by Judge
Hebbard to-morrow morning. The suit
Is to determine Mahony's interest In
the concern', it being claimed by him
that McGrath has had more than his
share of the profits.
The eult was filed six weeks ago, but
did not come to light until yesterday,
vhen Judge Hebbard, to whose court
It had been assigned for trial, ordered
It placed upon the calendar. .
Order of Judge Hebbard Reveals
Quarrel Between County Clerk and
Former Chief Deputy.
MAHONY'S SUIT AGAINST
McGRATH ON THE CALENDAR
A suit for an injunction restraining
the Pacific States Savings, Loan and
Building Company from selling a lot
on Twenty-second street, near Noe, was
filed yesterday by Minnie Wurthman,
owner of the lot. She would prevent
the sale on the ground tha^ the, officers
of the company deceived her.
According to Mrs. Wurthman's com
plaint the property Is worth $5500. She
says that last August she borrowed
$3000 from the company, giving as se
curity a mortgage on the land. She
says at that time the officers , of the
company represented to her that the
document she signed to complete the
transaction was a deed of trust, when
in reality It was an absolute deed. The
first she knew that she had signed
away her rights in the premises, she
declares, was last October, when she
saw her property advertised for sale.
She says further that she was never
notified.
The case will be heard by Judge Sea
well, the officers of the company hav
ing been, ordered by Judge Murasky to
appear before him next Friday to show
cause why the temporary restraining
order Issued upon- the filing of the com
plaint should not be made permanent
Minnie Wurthman Appeals to Court
to Prevent the Sale of Her
Property.
SAYS BUILDING AND LOAN
CONCERN DECEIVED HER
Adam Becker Halts His Team in the
Shadow and Fays Nature's
Debt.
Police patrolmen on the long and
lonely night watches see many strange
sights, but few as strange as that ob
served by Patrolmen Phillips and "Wil
son when they met at the Intersection
of Market and Fifth streets at half
past 3 o'clock yesterday morning. In
the deep shadow caused by an obstruc
tion of the electric lights they discern
ed the form of a man seated on a bak
ery wagon standing at the corner. The
man was half sitting, half reclining on
his Beat with the reins in his hands.
The horses were nodding drowsily.
"He's asleep," was the comment of
Patrolman Phillips.
"Let's wake him," suggested "Wilson.
"Say, old man, wake up."
There was no response. ; "
One of the officers placed his hand
against ¦ the cheek of the ' supposed
sleeping man.
He was stone dead.
_-The body was Identified at the
Morgue as that of Adam Becker, a
member of the Bakery Wagon Drivers'
Union. He was 65 years of age and
had passed out of life' painlessly and
unwarned. The autopsy showed that
heart disease had summoned him
hence.
STARK HANDS OF CORPSE
HOLD HORSES STEADILY
Shortly after Jones disappeared the
newly appointed executrix of the
Mooney estate. Mrs. Gaylo'r of Phila
delphia, an adopted daughter of Mich
ael Mooney, through her attorney, J. C.
McKinstry. brought suit against the
local banks that had accepted Jones'
order for the money, which they had
held in custody for the Mooney heirs.
The suit was based on the claim that
the order Issued by the court for the
transfer of the money was illegal, in
that the executrix, to whom it was is
pued. had not yet qualified with a bond.
The suit is now pending.
The threatened arrest of Attorney
Jones crows out o*f his theft of the
funds, amounting- to about $14,000, of
the estate of Michael Mooney while he
was acting as attorney for the execu
trix. He secured an order from the
court permitting the executrix to with
draw the money from several banks for
the purpose of depositing- It tog-ether
in another. Instead of carrying out the
order of the court, Jones, with a power
of attorr.ev of the executrix, withdrew
the money and, it is claimed, used it
for his own purpose.
When his misappropriation of the
money was discovered he disappeared
from the city. After an absence of sev
eral months he returned to the city a
few weeks auo and has since been at
tempting- through friends to make some
kind of settlement with the Mooneys.
He made frequent promises to Con
Mooney to straighten out his difficul
ties, but failed to keep them. A few
days ago Mooney endeavored to induce
an attorney who is interested in the
estate of his brother to swear -to a com
plaint against Jones, but the lawyer de
clined. Finally Mooney decided to get
a warrant and . his visit to the Hall
of Justice yesterday was with -that ob
ject In view.
Ha Jone?, the well known attorney,
is to be brought to the bar of Justice
on a charge of embezzling: the funds
of the estate of the late Michael
Mooney. Yesterday Cornelius Mooney,
brother of the deceased, applied for a
warrant for the arrest of Jones, but
the Police Judges declined to issue it
for the reason that they were not cer
tain oa to whether one Is necessary
in a case of the character in which the
attorney Is involved, but the applicant
was given assurance that some step
would be taken on Monday to put
Jones behind the bars.
K&therine S. Rufflno to a client, residence
and lot. 33:4x200 feet, on the east line of
Dolores street,' 181 feet north'of Sixteenth, for
(9200; Miss Carrie L. Morton to Mis. Mary
Lippert, lot' 65xllT:6, and two dwelling* on
the west line of Bartlett street, S5'feet north
of Twenty-sixth. ¦ for $7750; Albert Wilford to
John Hot an, lot 25x100, on the north line of
Union street, 87:6 east of Webster, for $11,000;
J. C. O*Donnell to G. H. and E. B. Llndauer.
lot 30x100. with Improvements," on ' the west
side of Bryant street, .130 feet south of Twen
ty-second for $l!>50; Amelia P.^Hogan to L.
and: B. Raffo. : lot 25:10x1.17:6.' and v Improve
ments., on the west line of Bartlett street, 112
LISTS OF BROKERS.
Lyon & Hoag haxe sold the following
mentioned properties:
* For P. Austin et al., improvements and lot
100x120, on the south line of Grove street,
131 :3 east of Buchanan, $17,250; for Beusan
et al.. Improvements at 773, 775 and 777 Bush
street and 22:&4 feet, for $10,750; for Becker
et al., north, corner of Harrison and Tw-ilfth
streets, 50x100 feet, Irregular, $0000; for Mary
J Kacn, Improvements at 44 Clementina street
and lot 25x80. feet, for $3000; for F. E. Hes
thal Improvements at 322 Clementina street,
and lot 22:6x80, for $3500; for A. W. Anderson,
Improvements at 7C0 Blannan street, aiid lot
20x75 feet, for $2750; for C Munk, Improve
ments at 20 Silver street, and lot 25x70 feet,
for $2505; for Mary Englsehe, lot 25x137:6, on
the south line of Page street, 156 feet west of
Clayton, for $2425; for, Mrs. A. E. Blgelow, lot
27:6x187:6, on the south line of Vallejo street,
137:6 east of Hyde, for $2250; for F. E. Hes
thai Improvements at 2324 Clementina street,
lot 22:6x80, for (2150; for the McMahon estate,
lot 25x»0 feet, on the north line of Clay street,
100 east of Central avenue, for $2000; for C.
Dyer. Improvements at 5 and 6% Salmon alley,
and lot 20x00 feet, for $1800; for Mrs. A. L.
Clarke, lot 25x100 feet, on the south line of
Twenty-fourth street. 75 east of Vermont, for
$1100; for Frank E. White, lot 63x130 feet, on
the northeast corner of Twenty-first and Do
lores street*, for $1050; for M. Rodgers, lot 25x
110 feet, on the east line of Noe street, 70
north of Twenty-second, for $750.
Shalnwald, Buckbee & Co. report the
following list of sales for the last
week:
For Calvin X. L«ngton to Joseph Head, lot
on northeast corner of California street and
Seventh avenue. 32:6x108:3% feet, for $22."0;
for William Barge, lot on east line of Wood
ward avenue, ZM feet north of Fourteenth
street OOxSO feet, for $3G00; for the estate of
Ludwig Altschul. deceased, lot on west line of
Broderick street, 50 feet south of Post, 50x100
feet, to George A. Dolan. Tor $."$500; for L.
Cooper, lot and Improvements on the. east line
of Stanyan street,' 25 feet north of Eighteenth,
25x139:2 feet, for $3500; for the estate' of Lud
wig Altschul, lot and three cottages on the
west line of Church street, 80 f«*t north of
Seventeenth. 50x106:3 feet- for $4100; for Mrs.
Lulu F Burns of New York City, lot with
two residences on the south line of Pine street.
137:6 feet east of Webster. 41:8x137:6 feet,
for $9000; for Mrs. S. B. Melone, let on. the
northwest corner of Sixteenth and Landers
streets. 100x69:8 feet, for $C250; for Mrs. S.
B. Melone lot on the north Una of Sixteenth
ptrect. 100 feet west from Landers. 60x69:0
feet for $3000; for the estate of Ludwlg
Alts'chul, lot and three cottages on the west
line of Church street. ISO feet north. of Seven
teenth. 60x100 feet, for $4300.
The following sales have been made
.by G. H. Umbsen & Co.:
IN ALL SECTIONS.
For Henry Kahn to Charles Hanren, lot on
northwest corner of. Second and Silver streets,
70 feet on Second street by «0 feet on Silver,
with a depth, of 90 feet on the north line of
the lot, for $9750: for William Moob«t, lot on
the north Bide of Broadway, between Broderick
and Baker etreets. 45x137:0. on private terms;
for J. C. Doherty to Rachel Van Winkle, the
h0U5e and lot, 61x70 feet, on the northeast
corner of Lake street and Eighth avenue.'
During the past week Sonntag Bros,
have made the following sales:
I»t 62x80 on the north side of Folsom
strwt, 412:0 west of Fifth, with a two-story
building containing a store and flats above, to
M. J. Malnder for $22,000; 60x100, on the east
side of First avenue. 128 feet south of Clay
Ftreet. to Mary Lomis for $4800; southeast cor
ner of Liberty and Guerrero streets. 152:0x100,
with two houses, for Charges E. MlHard to
Lena McMuller for f75OO; 25x107 feet, on the
past side of First avenue, 27 feet north of
Eacramento street, to Tony Leuter for ?2200.
Thomas Magee & Sons have made the
following sales:
LOTS AND HOUSES.
For the Santa Clara. Valley l*nd Company,
fiv* acres each at Redwood for $13. a in both
caws to B. C. Byrd and CD. Kelso of Je
rome, Ariz.; at Fair Oak*, for. the Collins es
tate ten acres to II. It Fee of Ban Francisco,
end for G. H. Rice, fifty-eight acres of wooded
tract to buyers from this city, who will sub
divide the land for villa sites: at the San Mar
tin rancho. In Banta Clara County, at the rate
of *10O an acre; to J. H. Kogers of Chicago,
twelve and a half acres; to It. P. Christian of
Maoon. Ga.. fifteen acres; to H. Relnhart of
Kureka. twenty acres: to August Roder.of San
Francisco, twenty acres; to Guy Lathrop, ten
acn»s; to J. Schuey of Chicago, ten acres, and
to J. F. Schutt, ten acre*.
Lands in the country have been sold
by the C. M. Wooster Company as fol
lows:
The other piece of suburban prop
erty sold is in the city of Alameda, on
the south line of Railroad avenue, 163
feet west of Prospect street, 160x265
feet, for $3750, for Mason Carnes of
Paris. This last piece was sold In con-
Junction with Captain J. S. Hanley of
Alameda.
Shalnwald, Buckbee & Co. report the
sale of two pieces of suburban proper
ty, one piece at Stanford, close to the
Stanford University, known as the
Cooksey place. The property has been
sold on private terms, but the price is
known to be In the neighborhood of
$20,000. The improvements cost some
thing over $40,000, and the property is
one of the most desirable suburban
residences in the vicinity of San Fran
cisco.
Through the. agency of G. H. Umb
sen & Co., COxSO feet and Improvements,
on the southeast line of Folsom street,
61 feet northeast from Fourth street,
have been sold by C Mortensen to a
client of the brokers mentioned for $30,
000.
SAMPLE TRANSACTION'S.
Business In medium and email prop
erties remains brisk. The sales of resi
dence sites continues without any ces
sation or diminution of purchasers. In
this class of property the obstacles to
agreement are less and bargains are
easier made. The sale of lots near the
park is a feature. During the last fort
night, as reported by Lyon & Hoag,
they have sold seventeen lots In the
block bounded by Haipht, Waller and
Ashbury streets and Masonic avenue,
for which $46,575 was paid.
There were no very large sales of
local realty during the week Just closed.
The transactions were undoubtedly in
terfered with by the weather. The rain
will, however, improve the market for
country lands and will make city prices
even stiffer than they are. The
scarcity of choice business properties
in the market is still the prevailing
feature of the local situation* This in
dicates that the 'owners are content to
keep their holdings unless they can
secure the prices they seek. The In
quiry is good. The skill of the brokers
is taxed to bring the owners and pros
pective purchasers to a common basis
of agreement as to the consideration to
be paid.
When the Solace leaves here on or
about December 1 for the next round
trip to the Philippines there will go out
on her as passengers a large number of
men who have been ordered to duty on
the Asiatic station. The number of
these is being constantly increased, the
latest additions to those already on the
Solace * awaiting transportation to
other climes, being a draft of men Just
sent from the Independence.
VALLEJO, Nov. 21.— The U. S. S.
Alert arrived at the navy yard to-day,
and saluted Admiral McCalla with
thirteen guns, she being the first ship
to honor the commandant since he re
ceived his commission as admiral.
Since the Petrel was taken out of the
drydock Thursday barges have been
alongside of her and work of coaling
the ship is in full progress. It is gen
erally understood that when the Petrel
leaves here she will be ordered to the
Asiatic station. A large shipment of
ammunition has been ordered made
from the navy yard to the general
storekeeper at Cavlte for distribu
tion among the various ships on that
station. The Solace, in addition to the
regular cargo will take out as much of
the ammunition as possible.
Upon arrival at Pacific Grove, which
is only 28 miles distant, she received
her basket, but all the fruit waa gone
as were several small articles. The
paper In which, the fruit had been wrap
ped was in the basket. As the. train
stops an hour and a half at Castrovllle
after arrival at 11:40 a. m., before con
nection Is made .with the Grove train,
it is not possible that without the full
est inquiry it can be discovered where
the robbery occurred. Other cases
somewhat similar are reported.
SALINAS, Nov. 21.— From facts
which have Just came to light all of
the car robbers who have been operat
ing for several months past on the
Southern Pacific are not yet captured
in this section.
A few da*ys ago a Salinas woman
went to Pacific Grove. She had a
telescope basket which contained fruit
wrapped singly In pap'ers and other
articles. This was securely faaten
ed by two heavy shawl straps,
and checked to her destination.
Keirs of the Looted Estate
Determine to Punish
the Attcrney.
Woman Loses Fruit From
a Basket on Southern
Conditions Are Favorable for
Country Lands in
Market.
,Large Shipment of Ammuni
tion to Go to the
Philippines.
Lot 60x137:6 and three-story residence. ' on
th« north line of < Post street, 300 feet west of
Franklin ; lot 30x100 - feet and two | houses on
the north line of Golden Gate avenue, 70 : feet
east of Fillmore street; lot 27:6x137:8 on the
north side of Chestnut street, 123 feet .west of
Van Ness avenue; 25x100 feet and three flats
on the south line of Pine street. 82:6 east of
Webster: 24x115 feet and two flats on the east
side of Laguna street, 06 . feet - south of Fil
bert; 45x02:6 on the northwest corner of Fre
mont and /Harrison- streets; slot 30x122:6 and
two flats on the west. side, of Shotwell street,
155 feet north, of Twenty-first; lot -29:6x114
feet, with Improvements, on the south »Hne of
Twenty-fifth street, 175 feet west of Sanchez;
The list of properties to be offered
at auction by-Easton, Eldridge & Co.
on Tuesday of the- present week in
cludes the following:
AUCTION. ANNOUNCED.
Sol Getz & Son report the following
sales of the week:
37:6x100 on tha south • line of J street,
82:6 feet .west of Ninth avenue, for
$1500, to L. M. Kroenke; 50x120 on the
west line of Forty-sixth avenue, 225 ' feet
south of H street,- to E. W. Lewln; 60x
100 on the north line of X street, near Thirty
ninth avenue, to S. Comens;: 37:0x100 on tha
south line of J street, 82:6 feet' east of Tenth
avenue, to R. Mote, for $1500. .•¦' >-¦ .
The following sales in San Francisco
are reported by the C. M. Wooster
Company:
Sophie Schadde to Jessie W. Robson, 100x80
feet on the southeast* corner of Julia and
Minna streets, with flats and cottages, for $15.-
OtiO; J. H. Boardman to Mrs. Hosa Gomez OI
scn. three new fiats at 1120. 1131 and 1133
Church street for $5250; Alexander Bond to
R. P. Christian. 35x125 and two flats and sta
ble at 120 Diamond street; Margaret McDon
ald to Gustav H.. Charles W. and Ernest H.
Schilling, lot and two houses at 2415 Clay
street for $4500; Mrs. C. Kleinhammer to
Julius Roth, two flats at 2047 and 2049 Fol
som street for $4100: G. W. Hansen et al. to
F. W. Goetz, flats at 117 Fair Oaks street for
$3625; H. C. Sexton to Thomas E. Dobbie, five
flats at 328 . and 328ft Hitch street and 7, 0
and 11 Clyde street; Jane T. Eagan to Jessie
W. Robson. two flats at 110 Bernard street;
Elizabeth Durkee to W. F. Krueser, lot 40x
100 on the west/ side of Hampshire street, near
Twenty-fifth, for $750; Eliza L. Dodge to. Ed
ward W. Stadtmuller, two flats on the ' east
side of Nineteenth avenue, . near Lake street,
for % *1600. ; .;.,;."' :
Frank Martinez went Into the shoe
store of H. G. Chase, on East street,
Friday and tried on a pair of $3 shoes.
The fit was perfect, and the customer
hypnotized himself in wonderment at
the ingenuity of a far-away shoe fac
tory that could bo perfectly manufac
ture an article that would conform
with his Chlguagua-born feet. Glancing
hastily around as he came out of the
trance he called the proprietor's atten
tion to the fact thaf some unworthy
dog of a miscreant was attempting to
force the back door. While the pro
prietor's attention was attracted he
sprinted away with the new shoes on
his feet. He was overhauled and spent
the night in jail. When lie appeared
before Judge Mogan he said he was an
eminently respectable citizen of^ Oak- '
feet north of Twenty-fourth, for $4150; John
Rohrbacher to C. O. Keenan, lot 37:0x100, on
the east line of Scott street. 100 north of Oak.
for $4000- Miss M. B. Martin to William
Parker and Elizabeth Foster, lot 20:8x100, on
the southwest corner of C ¦ street and Eighth
avenue, for $925; Bay District Land Company
to I-. E. Underman, lot 25x120, on the west
line of First avenue. 125 feet north of B street,
for $1000, and the Balrd Estate Cumoany . to
A F. and E. A. Peterson, lot 25x137:6, on
the north side of Waller street. 132:3 west of
Masonic avenue, for $2650.
Joseph and Niocolo Crudo were up
yesterday, before Judge Conlan on
charges of murdering Prospero Migalo
on Green street on November 12. Near
ly every Italian bootblack in the city
was present to listen to the opening
evidence. A somewhat surprising feat
ure waa developed when the prosecu
tion put on a witness who testified that
Niccolo Crudo, who is admittedly the
slayer, attempted to get away from the
dead man several times on the night
of the alleged crime, but that Migalo
persistently followed him." This wit
ness was dismissed as quickly as pos
sible, but the defense took full advan
tage of his testimony in the cross-ex
amination. The main testimony taken
yefeterday was from Policemen Jack
Stelzner and C. W. Matthewson, who
found the body of the dead man. De
tective Harry Reynolds, who made the
arrests gave some evidence concerning
admissions made by the defendants
that practically fixes the slaying, on
Nicolo Crudo.
Joseph Feld, the policeman who shot
and killed his father-in-law, appeared
in- Judge Fritz's court yesterday.- He
Is charged with murder. The arresting
officers showed the defendant the pro
fessional courtesy of allowing him to
sit in a char of the courtroom, but
Judge Fritz promptly vetoed any such
consideration. "The defendant Is
charged with murder," he said, "and
will be locked up in the dock. A po
liceman charged with crime is no bet
ter and no worse than any other per
son." Feld's case was continued until
Monday for preliminary hearing.
' Judge Fritz wrestled with two mur
der cases yesterday. One charge was
against George T. Querbock, who is ac
cused of kicking Annie Wilson to death
at her residence at 5 Capp street. The
autopsy surgeon reported that the
woman died from fatty degeneration of
the heart. The Police Department sur
mised she had been kicked to death.
The Coroner's Jury found an equivocal
verdict that may be offset by the ad
missions of the defendant which he
made to the arresting officers. The case
went over for a week, but as the result
of the original testimony in the case It
is a doubtful question whether or not
the defendant, who has practically ad
mitted his guilt.^will ever have to an
swer for his crime.
.A Turkish rug that looked like an
explosion In a paint shop was an ex
hibit in Judge Cabaniss' court yester
day. It was introduced as evidence to
convict /Thomas Killeagan of the
crime of petty larceny. The hearing
was of sucb importance that W. W ;
Foote appeared as special prosecutor
and R. P. Troy was for the defense.
Among the witnesses was Mrs. Clara
Curtis, portly and impressive In ap
pearance, who testified that as a solic
itor for the Interstate Mercantile Com
pany she had come Into the possession
of the rainbow decoction of carpet
manufacture from the far shores of
Turkey by. the help and aid of Kil
leagan. There Is a civil suit pending
in which the defendant claims he. is
a partner in the concern on Post
street, where Oriental rugs are dis
played In profusion for the benefit of
people •vrho like to divorce themselves
from their money to posses mixtures of
that character. The hearing was con
tinued until to-morrow. : ,
Oliver Everett will expend $18,000 to
erect a three-story flat building on the
northwest corner of Fell and Fillmore
streets.
Henry W. Meyer will have stores and
flats erected on the northwest corner
of Stelner and Waller streets,, the cost
of which will be $19,500.
A -five-story addition will be placed
by Louis Schoenberg on his building
on the west line of Second street, twen
ty-three feet north from Jessie street,
the cost of which will be $20,000.' -.
Flats to cost $24,000 will be erected
for Johanna Blalch on the southeast
corner of Larkin and Washington
streets. . ¦ . ,
lot 100 feet square on southwest corner of
Eighteenth street and Potrero avenue; lot 25x
80 feet and dwelling on the west eido of Lang
ton street. 103 feet north of Bryant; lot 25x76
feet and four tenement flats on the east Bide
of Converse street. 175 feet north of Bryant.
Edward Glenn brought his appetite
with him when he invaded the restau
rant of Owens & Starr, at 6 Sixth street,
Friday during the dinner hour. He or
dered turkey, pate de fois gras, canvas
back and a small cold bottle. When he
arose and approached the cashfer's
desk he told him that he was without
money. The cashier figured on secur
ing 'a stomach pump and recovering
some of his waste of material, but at
the suggestion Mr.. Glenn hit him on
the eyejand other parts of his personal
anatomy, so as to confine him In bed
for two weeks. ¦ Judge Mogan thought
that six months' repression . in the
County Jail would be about right for
Glenn.
Salvator Ornate, who slapped a little
girl's face on Bay street, on November
1 and nearly tricked Judge Conlan Into
letting him go, when a number of wit
nesses testified that on November 17 he
had not touched the child, was sen
tenced to spend 100 days in the County
Jail. The discovery of the trick assist
ed the course of justice materially. Or
nate confessed to his crime yesterday
and was given no leniency.
Mary Anderson, who claims Sacra
mento for her home and birthplace, has
gone astray since she quit the muddy
lowlands of the mountain-gorged river
of her nativity. Whenever she imbibes
too freely she has a weakness to go
6ut into- the highways of the city and
flag street cars with her old plaid
shawl. For months she has been led
tenderly back to the curb by policemen
and admonished. Yesterday she ap
peared ebfore Judge Mogan for about
the steenteenth time and was sentenced
to six months in the County Jail.
Henry Muller, an aged man of re
spectable appearnce, has' discovered a
new graft. „ He represents that he is
the father of some prominent man out
side the city who cannot readily be lo
cated, and then borrows $5 or $10. The
arresting officer was Captain of Detec
tives Martin, and. he appeared as tho
complaining witness before Judge Mo
gan yesterday. It was a grave, ques
tion before the court whether or not
the astute captain of detectives had
been a "fall guy" to the blandishments
of the aged „ "moocher." : The captain
was not asked directly the question, but
his well-known liberality in money
matters exciting the suspicions of the
Judge and the prosecutor from the Dis
trict Attorney's office. Mr. Muller, de
spite his respectable appearance, will
spend six months under the careful
tutelage of the under sheriffs in charge
of the County Jail.
* • •
One of the most despicable thieves
that has ever appeared In the Police
Court came before Judge Fritz yester
day and was given the full limit in the
County Jail. This means six months of
retrospection. He is Frank Hess, who
was employed as a clerk In an employ
ment agency at 630 Commercial street.
Deliberately, according to the testi
monyyhe took $2 each from two work-
Ingmen and instructed them to go .to
Eureka, Humboldt County, to secure
Jobs at $60 a month. Both men sought
merely the opportunity to give their
labor, in return for their living. He
charged them a premium for this, and
when they had ; traveled 300 miles r at
their own expense they found that
there was no job waiting for them.
They worked with a will in the timber
to earn the money to bring them back
and prosecute the thief. On their show
ing Hess was promptly convicted, and
it is a pity that more worklngmen do
not stay, like an Apache on the trail,
to pull down these harpies that make
plunder of .the needs of men out of
jobs.
land/w£o never before had been In
trouble. He didn't look good to the
Judge, so an Investigation of his record
was made. It developed that only three
days before his latest crime he had
been discharged from the County Jail
for petty, larceny after serving six
months. He will spend another six
months at the same institution as a de
terrent to further ingenious efforts at
theft.
Will Have to Answer
a Charge of Stealing
Mooney Money.
Lots Suitable for Sites
of Residences Are
Well Sold.
Mysterious Crimes Are
Again Reported on
Salinas Line:
Warship Alert the First
to Salute Bowman
McOalla. ,
Alleged Partners Bring Their Troubles Into Police Court.
Expensive Appetite Gets Edward Glenn Into Serious
Trouble— Unworthy Hirer of Labor Gets Limit of Statutes
JURY WILL THY
LAWYER JONES
HOME BUILDERS
ARE PURCHASERS
THIEF OPERATES
ON THE TRAIN
HUES OF FAR-FAMED RUG
ATTRACT CURIOUS C ROWD
CANNON BOOM
FOR AN ADMIRAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22. 1903.
38
ADVERTISEMENTS.
VARICOCELE
Cured in One Week.
ttttt a *T* "Varlcocele." a prevalent
" XXTV X disease of man, is a diiata-
IT IS tlon or enlargement of the
* * *"** veins of the spermatic cord
In the scrotum, which, from various causes,
become corded and knotty, feeling like a
bundle of angleworms when taken in the
hand. It usually occurs on the left side and
produces dragging sensations in the groin
and back. It impairs the general health
and causes much worry: your brain becomes
weak and you grow despondent.
\J/U AT' 8° much has been paid about
"_*"* * Varlcocele in medical adver-
IT DOES tlwments that every man
ir-XTrirT-irT o^at t» too* ** he has it
TO MEN « not - lt la a eoH* fact,
however, that I run across'
men every day that are complaining I of
weakness who have be«n so negligent as to
not even examine themselves and discover
their trouble until It has run them down
and weakened them, mentally and physi-
caily.
T^OTVT" ' *"° sensible man should
ify^T—T "alt. He ehould realize that
WAIT the 'onser he delays the
...... more the organ affected will
waste away. Don't live and linger wben I
have an absolute cure for your varicoceje
ana weakness and can make you happy,
marJy.men. with mental and physical pow-
ers complete. I cure in one week. I. don't
a«k you. to take chances on my skill and
cure: I will take your case on a written
guarantee.
X AXSO CXTSE
tost Manhood, Herrous Debility.
Wasting- Drains, Unnatural Weak-
ness, Stricture, Syphilis, Eydrocele.
Contracted Ailments, Gleet. Piles!
Rnptnre, Disease of Kidneys, Blad-
der, etc
TERMS "1 \
f\ SEASONABLE,
/ uS^ HONEST
i / " \5a TBEATMBMT.
eW Jfli QUICK in
¥sn £gsf JBSJ cubes.
\ Jte? ./ If you cannot call
CjfliSuJr. fj write for qumion
WXTT»& I llK t and free book
WRjfc I describing my rpe-
y^S^Z-."^^ 1^ K Cor respondence
I 4> 71 / • confidential. :
I L\ / ' Consultation and
. I /rd / advice free.
C.K. HOLSMAN, M. D;
TS9 Stark et St., S. P. (Top Floor).
Hours— » to 8 dally; 9 to 12 Sundays.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
2Ttie Modern- Specific That Produces f 38^
Every man and woman may find it in j^ Vl >; -
The Great Nerve Tonic W^m
and Blood Remedy f ||
Produce plumpness, round out hollowness, bring the bloom of youth to HF* /¦ E» .¥ £77C
the • cheeks, and all who take them enjoy good health and strength.- .M /iL/JLw M +*^
Nervan Tablets act on the nerves and* blood, and contain all the elements of life. Positively
CURE KIDNEY and BLADDER TROUBLES, Rheumatism, all Diseases of the Blood, Back-
ache and Nervous Dyspepsia, Clear the Complexion and Aid Digestion.
Give you a good appetite, renew life cells in young and old. .Permanently restore youthful vigor and vi-
tality. They tone up the whole system and make you feel like a new person.
• - No : remedy In the world to equal them. Tako a few Ncrvan Tablets and note the wonderful effects.
| ALCOHOL IN ALL LIQUID KIDNEY AND RHEUMATIC REMEDIES CONDEMNS THEM. .
An lgnorantly compounded remedy containing alcohol, as nearly ail liquid kidney remedies do. will stimulate them so riolently
that an inflammation will be set up. and instead of bein* merely lazy, the kidneys will become diseased. _ . , . ..
" There is no alcohol in Nervan Tablets to interfere with the removal of all harmful s»dJmeni from the body. The Tamets sooth»
and heal the kidneys when they are Irritated and inflamed. They cure the kidney diseases that make you dizzy, restless, sleepless and
irritable* that make you pass water often during the day and night; that causa rheumatism, catarrh of tho bladder, pain in tne back.
Joints and muscles; that make your head ache and caus* Indigestion, stomach and liver troable. and a sallow and yellow complexion.
¦ '.» -No matter how many other remedies you may have tried and found useless, remember th» great modern wnwy, Asrvan
Tablets, the Deer'of all remedies, will cure you. . - . ,
• Samples of many letters received from ffrateful persons who have been cured by Werrran Tablets.
Ncrvan Tablet Co.. Chicago, 111.— ' Chicago. 111.. July 23, 1D03.
v- ? Gentlemen: For the past six years I have suffered greatly with Rheumatism, at times was so bad I could not sleep for week*.
' seemed the cold wind blowed on my leg all the time. I never found relief until I took Nervan Tablets, and they cured me quick; am
"in fine, health now. Any one who wants to see ma can. .Very truly. ¦ A. T. HAIRSTON. 915 Leland ave^ Sheridan Park.
Nervan Tablet Co., Chicago... III.— \ The Delmonico, Guide Rock. Nebr.. Nov. 6. 1908. _
-. Gentlemen: My. wife and myself have taken three boxes of Ncrvan Tablets and I think it is tho b*at medicine on eartn. TVe
" are both gaining In flesh and strength.. We both cheerfully recommend Nervan Tablets to the suffering humanity and safely vouch for
its many Dualities. If the above is of any benefit to you, yon can use it as a testimonial. -W* are ever ready to vouch for its good
qualiUes. for success. T. J. MALONEY AND WIFE. Ix>ck Box O. Guide Rock. Nebr.
a erva Dfta a , g lra:- .'i am using NERVAN for general debility and lost energy. As an energy builder they cannot be beat. I feel like
25 years old and I am 60. 1 would not be without them and I will try and induce others to taker then. S. A. READ.
Griswold,IH..:Oct. 5. 1903. . . . . \
« rwT-srr -A ¦ sr «nri T - Nervan. Tablets tone up the whole system; renew life cells in young and old : permanently restore youth-
\/ II j\ i 1 I V ful Vigor. Strength and Vitality. Avoid liquid kidney and rheumatism medicines that contain alcohol.
V * J. I~lk.M^iA A M. Alcohol congests the 'kldneya with blood and retards their activity. , .
Every $1 box sold. with guarantee to refund your mosey should they fall to do all we claim for them. For sale only by
UNION DRUG COMPANY STORES:
. 214 Kearny St.; Stockton and O'Farrell Sts.; Market St. and Van Ness Avenue; Sixth St, cor. Mission: 318
Montgomery Avenue; 400 Sutter St; Valencia St.. cor. Twenty-third; California and Fillmore Sts.
Or Sent by Maii onl Receipt of $1.. 6 Boxes for $5.00> Nervan Tablet Co., Chicago, 111.
••C , ADVERTISEMENTS.
KIDNEY, BLADDER AMD
PROSTATIC DISEASES ARE
CURt'J BY ELECTRO-CHEM-
ISTRY AS BY NO OTHER
KNOWN TREATMENT.
Mr. K. B. CUTTING, Petaluma, CaL
Mr. CUTTING says: "For.
many years I suffered from rheu«
matism. I had a back-breaking
pain over my kidneys. My knees
were painful and weak — my blad-
der was irritable, I had to get up
very often at night. I took much
medicine, but it wore out my stom-
ach and did me no good. I am a
pretty old man and thought I had
about worn out, but the Electro*
Chemic treatment has cured me
and I feel twenty years younger
since taking it. (Signed),
R. B. CUTTING/
Petaluma, Cal.
EMtiT HA-f rgTrM 'K'l'wv CXTBE3.
Catarrh Zilver Diseases
Asthma Bladder Diseases
Con samp tloa Eczema ',
Deafness Epilepsy
Head Holsea File*
nervousness Women's Diseases
Cancer - Men's Diseases
Toman Skin Diseases
Bright'* Dlseas* Blood Diseases
Diabetes Bhetunatlsm
Dyspepsia Neuralgia
CONSULTATION miT
and rnrr
X-RAY EXAMINATION* ULL
HOME TREATMENT.
If you live at a distance, try to coma
for a personal examination. If you can't
come, write for Instructions for home
examination and treatment.
ELECTRO-CBEHIC INSTITUTE,
118 GBANT ATE., Cor. Post st., SAST
rBANClSCO.
Office Hours — 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7
to 8 p. m. dally; Sundays, 10. a. m. tQ 1
p. m.
Separate apartments for ladles and
gentlemen. -
A FULL PAGE PICTURE
OF TflE -
M0ST r STI7NNrNO:,OIBL •
IN SAN FRANCISCO.
NEXT SUNDAYVCALLALAMEDA, Nov. 2L— Mrs. A. M.
HIckox died to-day at her home. 1110
Santa Clara avenue, after a long Illness.
She was the wife of A. M. HIckox. a
daughter of the late Lev! Peck, sister of
Mrs. L. H. Jacobi. Mrs. R. E. Kearon and
Mrs. R. D. Hunter of this city and Mrs.
J?.* E Tichenor of Blnghamton, N Y. She
s also survived by a son. Mllo HIckox.
The deceased was prominent in local so
cial life and an active worker in practical
philanthropy.
Mrs. A. M. Hickox Passes Away.
In a preliminary report of the com
mittee of fifty scientists formed in 1S35
to study the liquor question, the Influ
ence of alcohol on growth and develop
ment Is considered by D. C. F. Hod^e
of Clark University, and the report Is
based on experiments on the growth of
yeast, the growth of kittens, the
growth of intelligence and activity In
offspring of dogs and upon the activity
of rabbits. It is' interesting to note the
Instinctive aversion of animals to a!-'
cohol. "Kittens refuse to drink milk
with even the odor of alcohol about
it." The dogs, the most intelligent of
the animals experimented upon,
"showed many of the nervous symp
toms In evidence In human beings
when under the long-continued influ
ence of alcohol." Fear is immediately
recognized as a characteristic feature
in alcoholic Insanity, and delirium
tremens is the most terrible fear pay
chosis knows. Under the influence of
alcohol the dogs became timid. "Whis
tles In. the distance threw them into a
panic. In which they howled, while
normal dogs simply barked." In re
spect to vigor of offspring, the sopert
ority of normal to alcoholic pairs is
most striking. These experiments also
prove the general conclusions of hy
gienists, that In feats of strength and
endurance alcohol should be avoided.
The animals also showed a diminished
resistance to certain diseases. — £*>
Effects of Alcohol on Animals.
OAKLAND. Nov. 2L— The seventh
annual military ball of Company N.
League of the Cross Cadets, will be
held at Maple Hall on Friday evening,
December 4. The affair is In charge of
the following committees: Committee
of arrangements— Private J. F. Cone,
chairman; Sergeant J. N. Gallagher.
Sergeant G. L. Courtney, Private J.
Fheehan and Private A. B. Cosgrove.
Floor committee — Sergeant J. L. Flynn,
J-'ergeant D. L. Kennedy, Corporal D.
Treaty, Private F. J. Doling, ilusidan
F. J. Hanly and Private S. Cuneo. Re
roption committee — Sergeant J. V.
Fitzslmmons, Corporal W. Kelfer. Pri
vate A- Eilva. Private C. W. Scanlan.
Trivate J. M. Lloyd, and Musician
James Martin. Floor director, H. J.
Leonard. Assistant door director. Lieu
tenant W. J. Hannlgan.
Cadets' Annual Military Ball.
The officers and men of the Fifteenth
Cavalry are still in a quandary as to their
next move. Rumors are afoot that they
will be sent to Panama, while some think
that the regiment will be ordered to Vir
ginia or Vermont.
At all events it is evident that the cav
alrymen are anxious to stay where they
are, as the Presidio is one of the most
desirable posts. The hospitals contain
many soldiers of the Fifteenth, and It is
hinted by some that the men are making
the sick list as long as possible In order
that their regiment will be ordered to re
main here.
The entire regiment was removed yes
terday afternoon from the leaky tents
which It has occupied for the last ten
days and Is now well sheltered in the
¦wooden buildings Just vacated by the
Seventh Infantry."
Fifth Regiment Now Installed in
Quarters That Protect Men
From the Rain.
MOVEMENTS OF FIFTEENTH
CAVALRY STILL UNCERTAIN
Few engineers who have been found out
of fast runners will make any compari
sons of any kind of their runs with those
of other engineers. There is one thing,
however, about which an engineer of
this class Is "touchy." Suppose he has
made a fast run, but has been laid out or
delayed from one cause or another. He
Invariably wants that delay deducted
from the total time of the run.
Railroad men say that the longer a
man runs on an engine the long-er he
wants to. f He Is in love with his danger
ous calling, and he la a : veritable duck
out of water when once he realizes that
he Is laid off for all time.— Chicago Tri
bune.
"He's a mighty good engineer and can
tell you more of what you want to know
than I can." and then he goes about his
puffins: steed feeling if or hot places and
poking a long-spouted oiler under the ma
chinery. It la 10 to 1 that the other man
will get out of it In the same way.
A fast runner being approached by an
outsider who wants to know something
about the life of an engineer will inva
riably be asked to see so and eo, who
is another engineer on the same run or
<3I\-islon.
"Arriving at our destination," said the
conductor who had charge of the train,
"the engineer found awaiting him a tele
gram from the eeneral superintendent of
the road, who paid him the highest com
pliment that an official could extend to
an employe. The man read the telegram
and shoved It Into the -pocket of his
blouse without a chango of countenance.
No one, from looking under the peak of
his can. could tell what sort of a feeling
had been wakened, even If It affected
him at all." . - Wir- . •
Of the men who sit in the cab of a lo
comotive and turn the machine loose In
a race of 100 miles In 100 minutes It Is
said they are the most modest individ
uals of the human family.
Thl« Is a fact said to be clearly shown
by a talk with any of the Chicago en
gineers who have any such record. It
is evidenced not so much from what they
say when questioned as from what they
do not and cannot be induced to say.
For not two men In a dozen of fast
runners are given to talking about what
they have accomplished. Much less are
they Inclined to pass any opinion of the
capabilities of any other engineer.
Take it all In all the men who ride the
Iron horses In races that are appalling
are the oddest characters in the Jumpers
of a mechanic. A short time ago a spe
cial train was chartered to make a fast
run down the country. The engineer In
taking. coal at a station was delayed by
the coal-chute apron becoming unman
ageable. The man who sat in the cab
ahead was as cool as an Iceberg, but no
sooner had the apron been hoisted out of
the way than he opened up the valve
and began a race that for speed and
smoothness was one of a thousand.
Locomotive Engineers Are Not In
clined to Be Talkative
While on Duty.
KEEP SILENCE WHILE
WORKING AT THROTTLE
With the cost of living advanced al
most half as much again, the natural
tendency should be, in all equity, a
corresponding increase in the earning
powers of the average man and woman.
The claim has been made that the
wages of workingmen have been
raised. This has been done, however,
only in specific cases, and then usually
when threats to strike were made by
the unions. In no Instance has the
raise in wages been in proportion to
the advance in the cost of living. If
we look closely at the labor statistics
for the last two or three years we shall
see that in nearly every case where
there has been a raise of wages among
one class of .workmen there has b"en a
decrease in another. Thus, In th«s re
port of the Labor Bulletin of the Stata
of New York for June, 1903. the aver
age quarterly earnings of certain or
ganized trade unionists show an !n
crease over 1S97, but the true reason for
this, as explained in the report, is that
the principal Increase In the me:»'s
earnings Is in the growth of the groups,
that range from $600 to $300 a year, at
the expense of those who earn only $3CJ
to $600 annually. The proportion of men
now earning less than $300 a year is
larger than it In 1902.— Brooklyn
Eagle.
Disproportionate Incomes.
OAKLAND. Nov. 21.— The County
Board of Education grar.ted th» following
teachers' certificates to-day:
High school. Annie E. McCleave;
grammar school. Josephine L. Mclntyre;
Facial, in shorthand and typewriting.
Laura E. Davis; permanent grammar
rrad«», M. E. Conners. S. J. Dewing. E.
Krank. M. E. Francis, V. A. Francis. J.
J. Cm, J. P. Garlick, Dora Helrne. A. F.
K>ef»r. C. P. Leet. R. McClure. L. A.
Phillips. A. F. Phillips. C. M. Partridge,
C. E. Reed. A- Stewart. J. K. Storrie. C.
C. W. Walters and E. L. Thompson; spe
cial certificate to teach drawing. F. S.
Jackson: primary. S. P. Beck; grammar
prade. Maude W. Hupp.
The fallowing named were recommend
ed to the State Board of Education for
life diplomas: Grammar grade. M. T.
Dunn. G. A. Benjamin. I. L. Hunt; high
Fchool. L. A- Walters. M. G. Clazes. Roy
J. Young; for university documents, E.
M. McMillan and M. H. Powell.
Also Makes a Number of Recommen
dations to State Authorities for
Life Diplomas.
BOARD OF EDUCATION
GRANTS CERTIFICATES
BERKELEY. Xov. 21.— The Right Rev.
"William Ford Nichols. Bishop of Califor
nia, will deliver the sermon to-morrow
morning at St. Mark's Episcopal Church.
In the evening a '/Harvest Home" service
will be held in anticipation of Thanks
giving day. A choir under the direction
of Warren Roscoe Lucey will render spe
cial music.
Bishop Nichols to Preach.
The Senate will debate the following
question Tuesday evening in Stiles
Hall: "Resolved. That the Senate of the
United States should ratify the reci
procity treaty with Cuba." Affirma
tive, H. H. Kelly, S. S. Hawley; nega
tive, W. A. Andrews and A. E. White
law. • ,
The Re,v. M. Ongerth will lecture in
German at 11 o'clock to-morrow morn
ing in Stiles Hall. His subject will be
"The Christianity in the Days of the
Apostles." The lecture wfll be open to
the public.
Arthur Rugh. who represents the
International committee of the Young
Men's Christian Association, has gone
to Shanghai. China, to assist in the su
pervision of the six or eight Young
Men's Christian Associations in that
city.% Mr. Rugh was a guest I of the
Students' Y. M. C. A. for several days.
The Civil Engineers' banquet will be
held In "Bab's" restaurant, 323 Larkin
street, San Francisco, at 7 o'clock Mon
day night.
Miss Harriet Brown, State secretary
of the YoungN Women's Christian As
sociation, will address the Students' Y.
M. C. A. Tuesday afternoon at 4:15
o'clock in Stiles Hall.
The Students' Congress will debate
the following question Tuesday evenL.j
in room 19. North Hall: /'Resolved. That
the action of the United States in rec
ognizing the Panama republic Is ad
visable at the present time." The af
firmative will be sustained by G. B.
Gillson, D. M. Evans and A. C. Keane
and the negative by L. D. Bishop, B. F.
Hathaway and H. L. Hagan.
BERKELEY, Nov. 21.-"The Plio
cene and Quaternary Canidae of the
Green Valley of California" is the title
of a paper Just issued by Dr. John C.
Merriam of the department of palae
ontology and historical geology. The
extinct animals described show an in
teresting parallelism with the hyena of
the Old World, but their origin and de
velopment were evidently quite differ
ent.
BERKELEY. Nov. 21.— Congressman
Metcalf of the Third Congressional Dis
trict has sent to the Berkeley High
School 104 volumes of messages, reports
and proceedings of the last session of
Congress. A large number of valuable
geological survey maps were Included in
the gift They will be placed on tha
shelves of the library.
Congressman Metcalf Gives Books.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
OAKLAND, Nov. 21.— Judge Greene
this afternoon issued an order for the
arrest of Clarence C. Sperry for the
non-payment of alimony. The order
has been placed In the hands of the
Sheriff and as soon as Sperry can oe
located he will be taken into custody
and imprisoned in the County Jail un
til such time as he" pays the money. '
Some months ago Mrs. Kate Sperry
was granted a divorce by Judge Greene
and was also awarded a small monthly
allowance. The aggregate of the
amounts that have come due is only
$80. Of this amount, however, Sperry
has paid only $25, and a balance of $55
is still unpaid and due. The wife rep
resents that she needs the money and
by the order made by the Judge he will
see that she gets it.
Former Wife Represents That He
Has Failed to Pay Alimony
Awarded Her.
BENCH WAEBANT ISSUES
FOB ARREST OF C. SPERRY
OAKLAND. Nov. 21.— The following
marriage licenses were Issued by the
County Clerk to-day: "Robert L.
Gaunce, over 21. and Alice Turner, over
18, both of Oakland; Henry Zaun, over
21, and Agnes L Dettmers, over 13, both
of Oakland: Edward C. Bernzott, 22,
and Loretta M. Murphy, 21, both of San
Francisco; Harold J. Thuesen. 24. Su
nol. and Catherine S. Russell. 22. Cres
cent City; Franz A. Swanson, 31, and
Theodora M. Genander, 31, both of Oak
land; Fred A. Brewer, 27, San Francis
co, and Annie Reichie, 25. Monterey;
John E. Du Bose, over 21, Sacramento,
and Frankie C. Kilborn, over 18, Duns
muir.
Marriage Licenses.
Michael Nihlll, who was convicted in
Judge Cook's court on Thursday night
of murder in the first degree for shoot
ing and killing Mrs. Benefrieda Baker,
the Jury fixing his punishment at Im
prisonment for life, appeared for sen
tence yesterday. At the request of At
torney Alford for the defendant sen
tence was postponed till next Friday.
Judge Cook has not yet fully recov
ered from his indignation over the
Jury's action in fixing NihiH's punish
ment at imprisonment for life and he
will possibly have something to say on
that particular subject next Friday.
There Is a strong feeling existing in
the Hall of Justice since the verdict
that the "professional" juror should
be abolished. Two years ago a law
was passed allowing each Juror $2 per
day, and since then, it is claimed, some
Jurors, although bitterly opposed to
capital punishment, will answer in the
Jury box while being examined that
they are not opposed to it for the sake
of the $2 per day. Business men do not
seem to care to act as Jurors on crim
inal cases, which compels the courts to
fall back upon the "professionals."
Be Abolished.
Feeling Exists, Owing to Verdict,
That "Professional" Jurors Should
JUDGE COOK POSTPONES
SENTENCE ON N1H1I.T.
OAKLAND, Nov. 21.— The new pipe
organ which has recently been installed
at the First Methodist Episcopal
Church will be formally dedicated to
morrow morning. Special dedicatory
exercises will be held immediately after
the regular morning service. William
Handel Thorley, the noted English or
ganist, will officiate at the organ.
During the evening service Dr. Dille
will deliver an address on the history
of organ building and some of the fa
mous Instruments of the present day.
A special musical programme will be
rendered by an augmented chorus £hoir
and among the organ numbers by Mr.
Thorley will be one of his own com
position, a canzone.
Following are the programmes for the
morning and evening services:
Morning— Organ prelude, sonata. No.
1 in F minor (Mendelssohn): doxology
and Apostles' Creed; responsive ser
vice; festival te deum in E flat (Buck);
psalm 150, congregation in concert;
gloria; prayer; *'O, Lord, Thou Art My
Strength" (Godard); announcements;
offertory, andante, with variations;
sermon by pastor, closing with dedica
tory service; hymn Xo. S6S;. benedic
tion; organ postlude, Hungarian march
(H. Berlioz).
Evening— Organ prelude, funeral
march and seraphic chant (Claimant);
"When the Lord Turned Arfain the
Captivity of Zion" (Foster); responsive
service; prayer; announcements; of
fertory canzorj; (W. H. Thorley); can
tata. "Give Thanks Unto God" (H.
Clough-Leighter); address by the pas
tor; hymn No. 94; prayer and benedic
tion. Organ numbers by Mr. Thorley:
1. Caprice (Guilmant); 2. Barcarelle
(Sterndale-Bennett); -3. Toccata and
Fugue in D minor (J. S. Bach).
Methodist Church to Sold
Thanksgiving Service.
WILL DEDICATE THEIR
SPLENDID PIPE ORGAN
Congregation and Choir of First
The attorney representing the plaint
iffs states that from what he has
learned from his Investigation of the
case Martha Odell has been engaged
in this business since early in the nine
ties. The work is done through tha
mails and owing to the promises is
more than apt to catch the unwary.
Now that the suits have been brought
and publicity given to the matter It is
believed that numerous other persons
¦Will come forward and acknowledge
having taken the same bait.
George H. Horn, a third plaintiff,
comes from Nebraska and asks Judg
ment for $2200.
They all claim In a chorus that they
were induced to sell small pieces of
property at a loss in order to grab at
a golden dream of wealth offered for
sale by Martha Odell and her co-de
fendant, Fremont. The mines of which
they claim the ownership, it is said,
are of no value and the $500 a month
position they say is a myth.
Arthur H. Lee says he comes from
Kansas. He has brought suit for $1100.
a part of which he alleges »ie wa» in
duced to Invest in some mining stock
with the understanding that he was to
get a position on a salary of $500 a
month. George W. Kent has brought
a similar suit for $1200. He says ha
came from Oregon. :'•.¦<
The alleged promoters of the fraud
are Martha A. Odell and G. G. Fre
mont. Suits were instituted to-day
against them by Arthur H. Lee. Georga
W. Kent and John H. Horn, who state
that they are victims to the extent of,
several thousands of dollars and that
the number who have been taken In
and lost their money will never be
known. ,
What is said to be one of the most
extensive wildcat mining frauds ex
ploited in recent years has been brought
to light by the filing of three suits this
afternoon by alleged victims, who have
been caught by glittering promises.
The plaintiffs come from three different
States and it is presumed that the op
erations have been carried on through
out the entire West.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway, Nov. 21.
Ketchum said to-night: "There has
been no family trouble that could have
made him • leave his home. He has a
son about 14 years of age by his first
wife, who has been giving him a little
trouble recently, but that could not
have caused him to leave his home. We
are utterly at a loss to account for his
disappearance. He is about 46 years
of age, is over six feet in height and
weighs over 200 pounds.
Louis W. Hale, a well-known resident
of this city, has mysteriously dropped
from sight and the local police have
been appealed to by his relatives to
help solve the riddle of his disappear
ance. He left his home at 1109 Eighth
street last Thursday to go to his work
in San Francisco and has not been
heard from since.
At his home there is a wife almost
distracted over her husband's failure to
return, and J. G. Ketchum. Hale'a
father-in-law, is doing everything in
his power to relieve his daughter's anx
iety and at the same time find out what
has caused his son-in-law's unusual ac
tion. So far no trace has been found of
Hale since he left his, home, about 7
o'clock \ist Thursday. Inquiry has de
veloped the fact that he did not reach
his place of business.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 21.
BERKELEY, Nov. 21.— A pretty
wedding took place to-day at 3 o'clock,
when Miss Grace E. Garoutte, daugh
ter of former Supreme Justice C.H.
Garoutte. and Richard H. Hovey were
united in marriage. The interesting
ceremony occurred at the First Unita
rian Church, the Rev. J. H. White, pas
tor of the West Side Christian Church
of San Francisco, officiating.
In honor of the occasion the little
church was handsomely decorated with
greens" and pink and white buds. The
bridal party marched down the aisle
to thn altar in the presence of some
200 guests. The ushers— Chester E. Has
kell Rudolph Bertheau and Stuart
Fair-weather— led the party. Then came
the bridesmaids. Miss Rachael Hovey
and Miss Paula Wolff, and the maid of
honor- Miss Amy Garoutte, sister of
the bride, all attired in rich silk gowns
and large white picture hats. The
bride, wearing a gown of white, hand
made lace en tralne and with veil,
brought up the rear' with her father.
At the altar the party was m^t by the
groom and the best man, Charles Suy
damV ¦'•'¦¦'¦ ¦
After the ceremony, a wedding break
fast ; was ; served at the i Garoutte home,
1544 'Oxford street. Only the immedi
ate relatives , and' members of the bri
dal party attended' the function, the
guests being limited to thirty. Mr and
Mrs. Hovey afterward departed on
Adelphlan Hall will be the scene of
the annual pound party of the Wom
en's Charitable Association to be held
next Monday afternoon and evening.
The obtect of the affair is to obtain
supplies to be distributed among the
deserving needy of the city during the
holiday season. There will.be a musi
cal and literary programme rendered,
in which the following will participate:
Mrs. Frederick W. Ahlborn, Mrs. Henry
J. Curtaz, Leland Roberts, Miss Bessie
G. Yard, Mrs. Wilbur G. Zeigler, Mrs.
Florence Jenkins Trost. Edward K.
Thornton and Miss Emily Lancel. Mrs.
Laura Dray Perry will direct the enter
tainment during the afternoon and
evening. Tea will be served from 3 to
5. The ladies presiding at the tables
will be Mrs. Tyson. Mrs. Mecartney and
Mrs: Blssell.
• • •
ALAMEDA, Nov. 21.— Mr. and Mrs.
Henry C. Hubbard celebrated the silver
anniversary of their wedding at their
home. 201S San Antonio avenue, last
evening. Many friends called to extend
congratulations, and the silver remem
brances were numerous. Among the
guests of the occasion were: Mr. and
Mrs. .William W. Hubbard. Mr. and
Mrs. Lewis, E. Hauchett, Mr. and Mrs.
William Ross Ormsby, Miss Marion
TJpson, James Lamb, Mrs. W. E. Dent,
Mr. and Mrs. W. V. Stafford. Mr. and
Mrs. Barstow, Mr. and Mrs. T. E. Gay,
Mr. and Mrs. Lessig, Mr. and Mrs. H.
Van Zant, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Brooks,
Mr. and Mrs. George F. Fox, Mr. and
Mrs. R. P. Wyllie. Mr. and Mrs. Charles
H. Schu, Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Dynes,
Mr. and Mrs. L. W. Cummings, Mr. and
Mrs. D. H. Mclntyre, Mr. and Mrs. .Joe
J. Tomkinson, Mr. and Mrs. Frank P.
Tcasley. Mrs. L. Everett Nickerson,
Mrs. Ella C. Maze, Mrs. Willard J.
Skinner, George Owen, Mr. Bunker,
Mrs. Clark. Mrs. Avery,' Miss Alice
Nickerson, Lulu Fox. Mr. Neff, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Buyer, Miss Florence
Buyer, Mrs. Robert Barton. Mr. and
Mrs. Phil Scott, Miss Edna de Vellen,
Mrs. J. Richards, Mr. and Mrs. j!
Krumb, Mr. and Mrs. J. L. Martin,
Miss Beatrice Cummings, Mr. and Mrs!
J. Tiedeman and Mr. and Mrs. Harry
Band.
• • •
Miss Edith Gaskill entertained the
Wednesday Afternoon Euchre Club
yesterday, five hundred being the
game enjoyed.
• • ¦*•
Mrs. Emma Shafter Howard is at the
St. Dunstan In San Francisco for the
winter.
A dinner was given by Miss Annie
Cnskie last evening that was a most
enjoyable affair. The guests were: Miss
Annie L. Caskle. Miss Caroline Jacot,
Miss Grace Stllwell, Miss Carmelita
Cuvellier, Misses May and LiUie Fish
er, Misses Eunice and Phillis Ricketts,
Miss Elizabeth Wilcox.
brated the first anniversary of their
wedding last Friday with a reception
and musicale at the home of Mrs. How
ard's parents. Mr. and Mrs. Charles B.
Davis. 913 Kirkham street.
Among the guests were Misses Ger
trude Prather. May Gould. Mabel
SchunhofC, Pearl Gould, Gertie John
ston, Elma Johnston, Evelyn Schmidt,
Carolyn Bosworth, Minerva Bosworth,
Mary Morison. Lulu SJoberg, Miss
Stromberg; Messrs. Clyde Needham.
Dave Rand, James Edelen, Ernest
Wilkins, Victor Anderson, Charley
Righter, Colonel Montgomery, Frank
Johnston, Lucien Bacigalupi, Arthur
Prather, Charlie Smith, H. A. Lut
trell. H. B. Lamb. Professor C. P.
Pederson. M. S. Barkalow, Mr. and
Mrs. H. O. Mason, Mr. and Mrs. Earl
Norton, Mr. and Mrs. Archie La Rieu,
and Mrs. D. E. Jones.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
'* 1118 Broadway, Nov. 2L
* Thomas P. Hogan, a brakeman In
the employ of the Southern Pacific
Company, was fatally injured at Napa
Junction at 6 o'clock last night and died
on the way to the Railroad Hospital in
San Francisco.: Hogan tvac engaged In
switching at the Junction and in cross
ing the tracks his foot caught in a
frog Just as the locomotive started to
back toward him. - Before the .engine
could be brought to a stop it had
passed oy/r Hogan, crushing his left
leg near the thigh.
The injured brakeman was put on a
train to be taken to the Railroad Hos
pital, but he died Just as the train
reached West Berkeley.' Hogan was 30
years old and lived in Oakland.
The engineer said that he did not see
that Hogan was caught until It was
too late.
The Judge has listened to arguments
from these attorneys for 135 days and
from his manner he was Inclined to
grant the fees so far as Davis and
Huxley are concerned. Attorneys for
the Spring Valley, however, made
strenuous objection to the • charges of
512 a day for several years made by
Ford. The matter was not finally set
tled to-day and was continued until
next Monday. The Spring Valley has
been represented by Attorneys M. B.
Kellogg and M. C. Chapman-
The long contested suit of Mrs. Jane
Clough against the Spring Valley
"Water Company' was practically de
cided by Judge Greene this afternoon
in favor of the plaintiff. While final
Judgment has not yet been rendered
the case has been submitted and Judge
Greene stated: "It is my opinion that
Judgment should. go to the plaintiff,
quieting title to the water used by
plaintiff in the amount used before the
alleged diversion by the Spring Valley
Company."
The suit was brought by Mrs. Clough
for the Washington and Murray Town
ship Irrigation Company against the
Spring Valley Water Company to quiet
title to water in Alameda and Cala
veras creeks. By the decision the ir
rigating company is entitled to the
right to use all the -water it -was using
prior to the acquiring of riparian rights
by the Spring Valley Company.
The suit has been in the courts for
the last five years and has consumed
135 days of actual trial, and Is of wide
spread Interest In the district affectedf
According to the complaint of Mrs.
Clough the Irrigating company has
been using water for irrigating pur
poses cut of these creeks since 1874.
In the latter eighties the Spring Val
ley invaded the field and built a dam
above the place where the irrigating
company diverted its water, letting
only a small amount escape.
The suit was brought and. endles3
arguments have been indulged in. Dur
ing the course of the trial the amount
of water in Inches and gallons that ran
through the various ditches of the ir
rigating company have been computed
and this amount in gallons Is in the
neighborhood of 3,000,000 a day. By his
remarks Judge Greene has confirmed
the right of the Irrigating company to
the use of this water as against the
claims of the Spring Valley.
Not the least interesting part of the
victory 1b the judgment of the costs of
the suit which the Spring Valley will
have to pay. Attorneys W. R. Davis
and T. C. Huxley for Mrs. Clough were
put upon the stand to-day and Inter
rogated in regard to their services by
Judge Greene. They ask $2J,000 each. W.
H. Ford, as associate counsel, asks
$cooo.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 2L
In Morris C. James, principal of the
Berkeley High School, Berkeley has
found its most public spirited citizen.
Rather than see the streets leading to
his school littered with papers. Princi
pal James has hired a boy to keep it
clean and out of his own pocket pays
the boy's weekly salary.
Mr. James' unusual interest in the
city's looks was suggested by com
plaints the people of Allston way, be
tween Shattuck avenue and Grove
street, made about the' way the stu
dents walking along that thoroughfare
littered it with candy bags and scrap
papers. He told the students in meet-
Ing that it wasn't a very dignified thing
to do and agreed that If they would
stop scattering papers he would hire a
boy to clean up the street. The stu
dents agreed and now a small boy pa
trols the street every day, picking up
the papers of other days.
Berkeley Office 8an Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Nov. 2L
"When Grantham was brought to the
hospital he was in an unconscious con
dition, and on examining him I found
a fracture of the fifth vertebra and a
partial fracture and dislocation of the
fourth vertebra. When I first exam
ined the man I did not think that he
could possibly live for more than three
or four days, and his condition indi
cated that he would not last more than
fcrty-eigrht hours.
"An immediate operation was neces
sary in order to relieve the pressure on
the urinal cord, which had caused a
complete paralysis of the body from the
neck down. The operation was per
formed and the posterior portion of the
fractured vertebra was removed. The
pressure was removed to such an ex
tent that the patient regained sensa
tion in his body and limbs, but he
never regrained control of any of the
muscles. The anterior portion of the
fractured vertebra, which we were un
able to reach without cutting, the
spinal cord, still exerted a considerable
pressure, and this caused a gradual
disintegration of the cord, finaly result
ing In death.
"Considering the nature of his inju
ries, it v.as astonishing that Grantham
should have lived as long as he did."
Grantham was SO years of age. a na
tive of England. He leaves a wife and
a son. 7 years of age, who reside at S30
Thirtieth street.
With his neck broken and his body
paralyzed from the neck down, Walter
D. Grastham, who was thrown from a
bakery wagon In Alameda, lived for
nearly six weeks after a portion of the
fractured vertebra had been removed.
H!s case was a man-el to the surgeons
•who attended him. as they thought
v. hen he was taken to Fablola. Hospital
that he could not live more than forty
eight hours.
Grantham was driving in Alameda
when his team ran away and he was
thrown to- the pavement. He was
ricked up unconscious, and after some
delay was taken to Fabiola Hospital,
where Dr. J. M. Kane found that there
was a complete fracture of the fifth
vertebra and a partial fracture and
dislocation of the fourth vertebra.
Granthem's body was completely para
lyzed below the neck and it was
thought that he would not live through
the next day.
An operation was performed by Dr.
Kane, who removed a portion of the
fractured bone. Shortly after the oper
ation the patient regained sensation in
his body and limbs, but did not regain
any control of the muscles up to the
time of his death. He remained con
pcious until the day before the end
came, and even after lapsing into a
pemi-eonseious condition Grantham at
times recognized his wife, who was
constantly at his bedside.
Dr. Kane was very much astonished
at the young man's vitality and tena
cious hold on life. In discussing the case
the doctor said:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Nov. 21.
He Mysteriously Drops From
' Sight aud Cannot Be
Found.
Big Victory Won by Washing
ton and Murray Township
Irrigating Company.
Catches His Foot in a Frcg
and Is Crushed by
Locomotive.
Surgeons Marvel at Wonder
ful Vitality Displayed
by Injured Man.
Manifests Unusual Interest
In Looks of City's High
ways.
Sue Martha Odell and G. G.
Fremont to Recover
Large Sums.
Relatives Ask Police to
Locate Louis W.
Hale.
Three Victims Uncover
Alleged Extensive
Mining Fraud.
Heavy Judgment Given
in Favor of Mra J.
dough.
Thomas P. Hogan Killed
While Switchiflr at
Napa Junction,
With Neck Broken Wal
ter Grantham Makes
Battle for Life.
Principal James Hires
Boy to Pick Up
Papers.
PAYS TO KEEP
STREET CLEAN
SAY THEY TOOK
A GOLDEN BAIT
SPRING VALLEY
LOSES ITS SUIT
BRRKEMM MEETS
TERRIBLE DEATH
HEAD OF FAMILY
FAILS TO RETURN
FIGHTS DEATH
FOR SIX WEEKS
Mr. and Mrs. Frank R. Howard 'cele-
The Oakland Club's New England
luncheon last Wednesday was both a
culinary and a social success. :A large
number of guests were present and the
elaborate, well-cooked menu was en
joyed with keen relish.
The afternoon concluded with a musi
cal programme," Miss Gladys Downs
giving, two piano selections. Mrs. H.'A.
Jones and * Mrs. E.. L. Dow 'each ren
dered several "' vocal solos and : " Mrs.
Francis. H. Gray read a paper, written
by Mrs^ E. M. ' Herrick, descriptive of
the Puget Sound
" Mrs. B. F. Holbrook, -Mrs. W. H.
Friend, Mrs. E.-M. Gibson, Mrs. W. D;
Smith, Mrs. L. D. Lennox, Mrs. W.VF.'
Rudolph" arid Mrs. G. W. Kelly formed
the'commlttee in charge of the lunch
eon. ,
Mrsu. J. S. Emery was chairman of
the decoration committee and was as
sisted by! Miss ' H. L. Nye, : Mrs. George
W.' Humphrey. Mrs. F. H. Dorsaz, Mrs.
W. D. Manning, Mrs. H. A. Jones 'arid
Mrs. C.R. Elder, v :
• • •
The entertainment promises to be
quite unique in many ways. Those in
charge of the booths are:
Eaby Booth— Toa Still, Edith Ren
nie, May Van Osdel, Alice Vesper, Miss
Ballard, Annie Ingham, Miss Riley,
Daisy Wilson. .
Child Booth— Grace Weeks. Cora Fal
lis, Helen Cushman, Bertha Mecum,
Mary Liggett, Zelma Wethern, Marlon
Johnston, Isabel Rice, Ella Donaldson,
Viola Mecum, H. Webb, Helen Webb,
Alice Edgren, Bessie Bacon, Margue
rite Copeland, Marguerite Raphael,
Genevleve Cronberg, Ora Howard, Lucy
Grow, R. Bust, Hattie Johnson, Helen
Rice. Belvie Barber, Louie Fleenor,
Estella Vane, Ollie Farmer, Alma In
berg, Violet White, E. Gomes, Marion
Rennle, Lily Benner, Ethel Tomkins,
Helen White. Helen Hoyt. Margaret
Brown. Grace Vesper, Marion Miller,
Kitty Wicker, May Atwell, Irene Smith,
Ina Curleux, Miltona Thwing, Penelope
Thwing, Margaret Zingo.
School Girl Booth— Florence Weeks,
Mabel Howard, Frankie Grady, Eliza
beth Miller. Nora Liggett, E. Bliss,
Leora Houghton. Grace Edwards, Ada
Hayden, Lydla .Wethern, Gertrude En
yart. Margaret Benner.
Sweetheart Booth— Florence Dam,
Myra Wethern, Maude Norton, Mar-
Jorie Donaldson.
Bride Booth — Marguerite Vesper,
Florence Stephens. Alida Dowlng, Amy
Hill, Esther Franklin, Aimee Bacon.
Mother Booth— Ada Still, Mrs. En
yart, ' Mrs. Donaldson, Mrs. Brown,
Mrs. Wethern.
Grandmother Booth— Mrs. Hager
man. May. Wethern, Lilian Anderson,
Gertrude Bell, Eva Shaw, Grace Ben
nett, Florence Crandell, Maude How
ard.
Gibson's "Seven Ages of Woman,"
which will be represented by a series
of living pictures, will be given by the
"Inasmuch" Circle of King's Daugh
ters next Friday night at 1246 Thir
teenth avenue, East Oakland. There
will be seven booths, each showing
woman at a different age, and in each
appropriate articles will be for sale.
The invited guests were:
Mrs. F. L. Adams, Mrs. L. P. Adams,
Mrs. J. C. Ackerly, Mrs. Fred Allardt,
Mrs. Charles Allardt, Mrs. George Bor
neman, Mrs. Frank Brigham, Mrs. F.
Buteau, Mrs. W. Burbank, Mrs. Rich
ard Bahls, Miss Grace Bartlett, Mrs.
W. Baxter. Mrs. Lee ' Cole Burnham,
Miss Breillng. Miss Emma Breiling,
Miss Elsie Bennett, Miss Burnheim.
Miss Bull,, Mrs. W. Bannan, Mrs. E.
Brinckerhoff, Mrs. C. S. Benedict of
San Francisco, Mrs. H. P. Carlton, Mrs.
T. C. Coogan, Miss May Coogan. Mrs.
W. H. Creed, Mrs. Charles E. Cotton,
Mrs. Fred Clift. Miss Chevelier,
Mrs. Charles Evans, Mrs. Albert
Elliott, Mrs. Ernest Folger, Mrs.
W. Edwin Griffith, Miss Mabel
Thayer Gray. Miss Elizabeth Gray,
Mrs. Frank Gorrlll, Mrs. C. D. Galvin,
Miss Gaskill. Mrs. W. M. Hall. Miss
Louise Hall. Mrs. W. H. Hyde, Mrs. C.
E. Judson, Miss Pearl Judson, Mrs. E.
A. Judson, Miss Charlotte Judson of San
Francisco. Mrs. James F. Jenks, Miss
May Judson, Miss Kate Judson, Mrs.
Raymond Kitchener, Miss Koenig, Mrs.
F. J. Kendall. Miss Kendall, Mrs. H.
F. Kergan, Mrs. Newton Koser, Mrs.
A. F. Larkey, Miss Edith Larkey, Miss
Ida Larkev. Mrs. Charles Lovell. Mrs.
Franklin K. Lane of San Francisco,
Miss Leigh, Mrs. Oscar Litchfleld, Mrs.
Robert F. Moore. Mrs. W. E. Miles,
Mrs. Shelby Martin. Mrs. W. Morris.
Mrs. A. F. Merriman Jr., Mrs. Milwaln,
Mrs. Fred W. Morse, Mrs. J. P. Max
well, Mrs. C. H. Mann. Miss Miller,
Miss Elva McGraw, Mrs. D. A. Men
denhall, Mrs. Mathes, Miss Mathes. Mrs.
J. E. Nicholson, Miss Margaret Olcese,
Mrs. Warren Olney Jr., Mrs. W. G.
Palmenteer, Miss Palmenteer, Mrs.
W. H. Quinn, Mrs. Charles Ro
dolph, Mrs. George Rodolph, Miss
Irene Rutherford, Miss Mabel
Rutherford. Mrs. Holland Rubottom.
Mrs. D. S. Shanklln, Mrs. Malller
Searles, Mrs. Sites, Mrs. Edgar Stone,
Mrs. C. E. Snook, Mrs. J. R. Scupham,
Miss Geraldine Scupham, Miss E. Scup
ham. Miss Henrietta Stevens, Mrs. E.
A. Stephenson, Mrs. Fred Stolp, Miss
Georgie Strong, Mrs. Harry Welles
Thomas, Mrs. Churchill Taylor, Mrs.
Felton Taylor, Mrs. Hayward G.
Thomas. Mrs. A. H. Turner, Mrs.
Frank Turner of San Francisco, Mrs.
"Captain" Taylor, Mrs. J. H. Todd,
Mrs. James Tyson. Mrs. Cress Unger,
Mrs. Willard Williamson, Mrs. Vernon
Waldron, Mrs. Warford, Mrs. F. P.
Winchester, Mrs. Hugh McColl Web
ster, Mrs. F. C. Watson. Mrs. Alexan
der Young and Miss Eva Yorker.
OAKLAND, Nov. 21.— One of the sea
son's most brilliant affairs was given
to-day by Mrs. Seth Mann, her guests
numbering more than a hundred and
the game of "500" helping to,, pass
several' very delightful hours. Mrs.
John P. Maxwell, Mrs. Alexander Young
and Mrs. W. H. Qulnn carried off the
handsome prizes.
The number of beautiful gowns was
unusual, some white dresses being no
tably so.
The charming hostess was "herself
clad in an exquisite creation of white
chiffon and nearly all of the receiving
party wore gowns of the favorite and
always becoming white. Mrs. Lee Cole
Burnham, Mrs. Charles Lovell, Mrs. W.
E. Miles and Mrs. A. S. Larkey all wore
elegant white dresses. Mrs. Felton
Taylor's yellow silk was covered with
white lace and Mrs. Robert S. Moore's
pretty blue crepe de chine was most
becoming. Mrs. Frederick Morse was
also in the receiving' party, her gown
of pink and blue chiffon organdie be
ing one of the loveliest there.* Mrs.
Churchill Taylor, Mrs. S. H. Buteau and
Mrs. Fred Allardt assisted in receiving
and were handsomely gowned.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
THE SAK FBAT? CISCO CALL, SUNDAY. NOVEMBER 22, 1903.
THE HAGUE. Nov. 21.— It Is stated
that ' no representatives of the Dutch
Government will . be ' appointed" at ; Bel
grade because King; Peter of 'Servia has
not appointed a new representative of his
Government at The Hague. s
CONCORD. N. H.. Nov. 21.— The resi
dence of Mrs. Mary Baker Eddy, the
founder of Christian Science, was entered
to-day and a number of gold and silver
articles and other valuables were taken.
The Dolice have no clew.
Christian Scientist Is Bobbed.
Thomas Kelley. alias Prank Calla
phan. who were arrested on Thursday
night by Policeman Blrdsall for pass-
Ins: Confederate money on grocers and
fruit dealers In the Western Addition,
¦was booked at the City Prison yester
day afternoon on three charges of ob
taining money by false pretenses. The
complaining witnesses are Herman
Schleu. 12SS Broadway, who is out
$17 50; C. H. Venker. 801 Geary street,
¦whose loss is $8. and H. Heinrlchsen,
Sutler and Webster streets, who parted
with $18.
Passed Confederate Notes.
Berkeley Parlor No. 210, Native Sons
of ; the Golden West, : has arranged to
hold a high Jinks.' exclusively for mem
bers of the order, on Thanksgiving eve.
It i will! take place in the lodserooms'ii*
Mrs. Grace Brooks of 1911 Mllvia street
is about to leave for Paris to com
plete her studies In vocal music A
farewell concert Is being arranged by
her friends,' who wish to testify their
regard and appreciation of her gener
osity 4 in singing at many gatherings.
The function will take place on the eve
of her departure.
their wedding trip, which will carry
them through the southern part of the
State. Upon their return they will re
side in San Francisco, where the groom
is eneaged In the lumber business.
39
THIS IS ONE OF
A. CONAN DOYLE'S
Most Exciting Stories.
"CAPTAIN SHARKEY."
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
Owing to the congested con-
dition of freight traffic be-
tween this city and Ogden, the
art supplement, "Roderigo,"
advertised to be given* away
free with to-day's issue of The
Call, will be replaced by. one of
E. R. Maes' celebrated poultry
- studies, "The Orphans," and it
is hoped tHat "Roderigo"' will
arrive in time to be issued with,'
next Sunday's Call.A. O. W.
Grand Recorder Spencer reports that
the payments of beneficiary certificates
by the Ancient Order of United Work
men during the month of November
amounted to $60,000.
The San Francisco extension com
mittee held a meeting last week and
reported that the anniversary celebra
tion of the order last month had proved
a great success as to entertainment and
attendance, many being unable to'ob
taln admittance Into the hall where the
The second annual recitah given by
the Verdi Club last s Thursday ; evening
at Mission Opera' Hall was a most en-
The Ariel Rowing Club gave its an
nual masquerade ball last . evening at
Saratoga Hall, 814 \ Geary street • The
committee of arrangements comprised:
Henry Meyer, John von Staden," Charles
Wilson, . Joe Lewis, George ] Ross, - * Ed
Hanlon and Harry Foley.
The El Alma Cotillon Club gave its
second dance on Friday evening, No
vember 13, at Cotillon Hall. The co
tillon was a decided success and . the
f o tball german was the most - attract
ive part of the programme. It was led
by B. •Farrell, R. G. Baldwin, Miss' M.
Mlrskey and Miss A. Ihos. The next
party will be held December 4 "at Co
tillon Hall.
The IS Allegro Club of 1903 will give
a progressive whist party at the resi
dence of Mr. Joseph Buckley, 714 Fell
street. Thanksgiving eve.
The members of the Entre Nous Co
tillon will give their second assembly
and german of the season on next
Tuesday evening, November 24, in the
new ballroom of the Palace Hotel. Sev
eral pretty figures of the cotillon will
be danced. No spectators except
chaperons will be admitted. .
Club Parties.
The following: programme of sacred
music will be rendered this evening at
St. Paul's Church:
Choir: Sopranos— Mrs. Lenore Gre
ven. Miss Gertrude Abbott, Mrs. Flor
ence Wyman Gardner, Mrs. Georgie
Taaffe Pratt, Mrs. Redmond W. Payne
Mrs. Charles E. Ker, Mrs. S. Mathews'
Miss Ruth Dahlgren. ' '
Altos— Miss C. M. Wheat, Miss Hazel
Bell Pitcher. Miss Isabel Kirk Mrs
Frank Pierce, Miss Adeline E. Birch
ler.
JTenors-George J. Wallace, Chester
W. Rosenkrans.
Bassos-Reginald Marrack. Alfred
Van Hovenberg, James F. Lomas.
Charles E. Ker, J. E. Strader,- W M
Young. ' "
Cornetist— Miss Myrtle Morgan.
Organist and choirmaster— John Har
aden Pratt. i ¦
Processional hymn, 403, "O Mother
Dear, Jerusalem;" magnificat and Nunc
Dimittis, 81mper; anthem, "Rock of
Ages," P^att, Mrs. Greven, Miss Wheat,
Mr. Wallace, Mr. Marrack; "Nearer
My God to Thee"; "O Lord, how mani
fold are thy works," Barnby; "With
Verdure Clad," Haydn, Mrs. Florence
Wyman Gardner; "Ye shall dwell in
the land,? Stalner, bass solo by Mr.
CharleSy E. Ker, soprano solo by Mrs.
Redmond W. Payne;. "The Lost Chord,"
Sullivan. "Miss "Adeline E. Birchler;
Granler, Chester W. Rosen
krans tenor, Miss Myrtle Morgan
.cornetlst; offertory, "The "Peace of
God," Gounod, Mrs. ; Gardner, Miss
Birchler, Mr. Rosenkrans, Mr. ,Ker;
doxology; prayers, hymn 434, kneeling;
ST. PAUL'S CHURCH CHOIR
TO GIVE MUSICAL SERVICE
Sacred Programme Will Bo Rendered
Under the Direction of John
Haraden Pratt.
Grand Arch Druidess Louise Zazzi,
paid an official visit on the second
Thursday in November to Olive Circle
at St. Helena. She was accompanied
by Grand First Bard Mrs. S. Lange,
Grand Secretary Mrs. A. Thornhlll,
Past Noble Grand Arch Henry Lange,
Arch Druidess McCottery of ' Golden
Gate Circle and a delegation from
Justice Circle of Napa. The circle lias
several candidates to Initiate, ana is,
as the reports showed, doing well. The
progress of this circle la largely due
to the continued and untiring efforts
of Mrs. Lange, the grand first bard.
The official business was followed b>
a banquet and remarks by nearly all,
after an interesting speech by the
grand arch Druidess.
After the recent installation of the
officers of El Dorado Circle the retiring
arch Druidess, Katie Gille. was, on be
half of the circle, presented with an
artistic emblematic pin in recognition
of her services as presiding • officer of
the circle.
The Druidesses.
Notbohm of Spokane, Washington.
They will be at home on Wednesdays
for the next two months at the home
of their sister, Mrs.. J. T. O'Neil, 985
J?eralta street, Oakland.
The committee that will have charge
of the entertainment that Is to be given
next Wednesday night by Excelsior
Lodge, in Excelsior Hall, reports that it
haa completed the arrangements and
expects to have a most Interesting
evening's entertainment.
The corporate directors will meet on
the 28th inst. for the purpose of con
sidering many matters in connection
with putting the new plan Into opera
tion, which is to go into effect in the
early part of next January.
Grand Organizer E. A. Freeman Is In
the southern part of the State talking
up Workmanship.
exercises were held. The members of
the committee also reported that they
had visited all of the city lodges and
had discovered a chance for the better
in the feeling in regard to the new
rates of assessments, and that quite a
number of candidates had been initiated
Into the order. It was decided to visit
the lodges until the end of the year,
and lodges were assigned to sub-com
mittees. : -,-i\:>
recessional hymn, 403, "Jerusalem the
Golden."
Service at other churches to-day wlH
be as follows:
First English Lutheran — Morning.
"When Our Life Work Seems a Fail
ure"; evening, "As a Refiner of SllTer.'*
Pastor Rev. E. Nelander.
Rev. Father Wyman will preach at
the 11 o'clock mass this morning In St.
Mary's (Paulist) Church.
A month's mind mass will be cele
brated next Tuesday at 10 o'clock In St.
Rose's Church. The reverend clergy
and friends of the deceased are request
ed to attend.
To-day being the feast of St. Cedlia.
the patroness of sacred music, special
services will be held in St. Anthony's
Church, Folsom and Army streets. At
10:30 a. m. a solemn high mass will be
celebrated by Rev. Robert F. S«snon.
During the day a precious relic of St.
Cecilia will be exposed to the venera
tion of the faithful. In the evening at
S o'clock the customary annual concert
will be held at St. Anthony's Hall. For
this occasion the very best talent haa
been secured.
Lebanon Presbyterian — Morning,
preaching by Professor GUchrist. The
pastor will talk on tho various sub
jects. "Spiritualism," "Christian
Science" and "The Anglo-Israel Prob
lem." The subject this evening is "The
Responsibility of American Citizen
ship." Pastor, Rev. R. Logan.
The mass meeting for men only at
the Young Men's Christian Association
Auditorium, Mason and Ellis streets,
this afternoon at 3 o'clock, will be ad
dressed by Rev. Edgar Vanhee of the
University of Sydneyv N. S. ,W. Mr.
Vanhee's subject will be "Why People
Do Not Go to Church."
Mixed Metaphor.
The young minister was delivering
his first set sermon on "The Church."
He traced the steps she had trod, told
of her achievements, of her heroes and
martyrs, and, warming to the subject,
became eloquent. "Such, my friends,
is the church! Noble, grand, steadfast,
holding that which Is good, stimulating,
encouraging, fostering, teaching. Such
Is the church! With one f*.ot firmly
established on a rock, the other point-
Ing to the skies."— New York Tribune.
The Interest you have to pay on bor
rowed trouble is exorbitant.
Chestnuts
xweniy-nve years ago a Sodus citizen
Fft out forty chestnut tree?. Of these
Fixteen survived and began paying for
their keeping several years ago. They
produce large crops for which $6 50 per
bushel is the compensation. Railroad
men. quick to see a good thing, began
at about the same time to plant chest
nut trees along the Lake Shore Rail
road. The enterprise was laughed at,
but it made no difference to the cap
italists. Into the gTound went the
chestnut trees and in a few years the
head officers got together in nutting
time to "store" the crop. . There was
full half a gill of the nuts. The trees
have never produced that quantity
Eince and most of them are dead, the
cause being, it is believed, over-pro
duction.—Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Gorky's Life.
The other day, save a London paper.
Maxim Gorky was asked by his publisher
to write his biography. He at once took
up his pen and wrote as follows:
1578. I became an apprentice to a shoe
maker.
1579. I entered a- draughtsman's office
as apprentice.
1880. Kitchen boy on board a packet
boat.
1S83. I worked at a baker's.
1884. I became a street porter.
1SS3. Baker.
1SS6. ChoriEter in a traveling opera
company.
1S87. I sold apples in the streets.
18S8. I attempted suicide.
ISM. A lawyer's copying clerk. • *
1S91. I Made a tour of Russia on foot.
1S32. I worked in a railway shop. In
the same year I published my first story.
Gorky might have carried his summary
ten years further.— Boston Transcript
Mr. and Mrs. H. C Vldeau gave a
birthday party to their only daughter,
Miss Francine Vldeau, on her 18th
birthday at their city residence, 606^
Haight street. Many handsome pres
ents were received. Musical selections
were rendered by Miss Ethel Lawrence
and Miss Martina Tiedemann. Supper
was served at midnight by Mrs. Vldeau.
The rooms were deco'rated in the col
ors of the Stanford arid California
universities, red and- blue and gold.
The following named were present: Mr.
H. C. Videau, Miss Francine Videau,
Miss Annie Mehrin, Ethel Lawrence,
Miss J. Ammick, Reta Newman, Mar
tina Tiedemann, Maud Wilson Juliet
Heyman, Mr. Whitefield Sullivan, John
Newbergin, Roy Lee, Marshall Dill,*
Herbert B. Moore, Fred Hintz, Walter
Isarel and Roger Wilson.
A reception was given to Morris
Kurizman by Davis Silverman and
friends at Mrs. Bloom's residence,
12B Moss street. on Saturday
night. Those present were: Miss
R. Krow, Miss A. Epstein) Miss A.
Katz, Miss A. Green, Miss E. Leah,
Miss B. Brown, Miss G. Selig, Miss A.
Reis, Miss S. Reis, Miss R. Friedman,
Miss M. Silver, Miss S. Friedman, Miss
J. Zurllinser, Miss E. Green, Miss B.
Friedman, Mr. S. Michael, Mr. C. Weln
stock, Mr. M. Cohn, Mr. S. Eremberg,
Mr. E. King, Mr.' M. Steinberg, Mr. S.
Zurllinger, Mr. S. Swirling, • Mr. 'j.
Isaacson, Mr. H. Reis, Mr. M. Schoei
flel, Mr. M. Levy, Mr. J. Shapiro, Mr.
H. Kurizman, Mr. M. Bloom.
* • •
Arthur Heyneman gave a card party
last Wednesday, evening at his resi
dence, 202 Waller street. The young
ladies and gentlemen had an enjoyable
game of hearts. Miss Ethel Roche re
ceived the lady's prize. The hall. was
most effectively decorated in Elkhorn
moss and tall' palms. The drawing
room was in yellow chrysanthemums
and the dining-room was decorated in
yellow blosoms and blue and gold rib
bons: Those that were present at the
table were: Mr. Harry J. Kushner and
Miss Dora Stelling, Mr. Forest Arnold
and Miss Gertrude Scott, Mr. Arthur
Heyneman and Miss Belmont Walton,
Mr. Len O'Brien and Miss Aggie Shor
tell, Mr. Clifton Lowe and Miss Ida
lngerman, Mr. Fred Sheldon and Miss
Ollie Ellsworth, Mr. Robert Henry and
Miss Hazel Aubrey, Will Oliver Craig
and Miss Gladys. After dinner, dancing
was resumed.
Home Parties-
Mr. Charles A. Durfee and Mrs.
Durfee and daughter, Leonor, have re
turned from a three-months' trip across
the continent. They were accompanied
by Mrs. Durfee's sister, Mrs. L. R.
Mrs. Max Levy has moved to her new
home, 1459 Page street, where she re
ceived on Friday, November 20.
Mr. and Mrs. Ira Kahn and son have
returned from Ross Valley and are
again at their home, 2218 Clay street.
Mrs. Edna Morris and her daughter,
Mrs. Arthur Glass, have moved from
753 Eddy Btreet to 1235 Ellis street.
Miss Pauline Morris is having a
pleasant visit at Fort Valley, Georgia,
after visiting the large Eastern cities
during the last eight weeks.
• • •
Mrs. C. Gensler and her daughter,
Mrs. M. Moses, have moved to 823%
Eddy street.
• • •
Mrs. M. Weinsteln of Kaolo, B. C, is
visiting her brother. Henry Simon. She
will receive her friends at 1110 Eddy
street.
• • ¦
Mr. and Mrs. A. R. Cooper will be at
home this afternoon at 2052 Union
street.
• • •
Mrs. Louis H. Benas, nee Mann, will
receive the last Wednesday of each
month at her residence. The Elaine,
626 Turk street.
Mr. and Mrs. James TV. Burnham
have secured apartments at the new
Hotel Sequoia, corner Geary and Hyde
streets, where they will reside during
the winter. On April they will return
to their Alameda home.
Personals.
Macaroni is taken from a Greek de
rivation, which means "the blessed
dead," in allusion to the ancient cus
tom of eating it at feasts for the^dead.
—Philadelphia Inquirer.
Gooseberry fool is a corruption of
gooseberry foule, milled or pressed
gooseberries.
Forcemeat is a corruption of farce
meat, from the French farce, stuffing —
i. e.. meat for stuffing.
Succotash is a dish borrowed from
the Narragansett Indians and called
by them m'siekquatash.
Blanc-mange means literally white
food, hence chocolate blanc-mange is
something of a misnomer.
Charlotte is a corruption of the old
English word charlyt. which means a
dish of custard, and charlotte russe is
a Russian charlotte.
The sandwich is called for the Earl
of Sandwich.
Mulligatawney is from an East In
dia word meaning pepper water.
Waffle is from wafel, a word of Teu
tonic origin, meaning honeycomb.
Hominy is from anhuminae, the
North American word for parched
corn.
Things Worth. Knowing-.
A pack train cannot be stampeded
¦while the bell is tinkling, even under
heavy fire; neither will a charge by
yelling Indians drive away the mules
unless the bell animal can be first run
off. The more commotion there is the
more closely do they huddle about the
bell animal, as though knowing that
there they are safe. Not only do the
mules follow their bell, but they learn
to recojrnize its sound as well. When
two trains meet on the march tho
mules will not intermingle? — each will
follow its own bell. In case the mules
of two trains are turned out to graze
in the same neighborhood, and become
mixed, it i? only necessary to capture
the bell animals, lead them to some
what widely separated positions, rat
tle the bells, and the mules of each
train will at once gather about their
own bell. At nipht, when on the
march, the bell mare Is hobbled and
turned out to graze with the herd.
The packers well know that they will
have no trouble in locating the pack
animals, for they are always to be
found, whenever wanted, within sound
of th© bell.— John Dicks Howe, in
Leslie's V.'eeklv.
Army Pack Train
Sterling B. Nourse of Chlco, formerly
In the Southern Pacific service and re
cently appointed chief clerk of the
Butte County Railroad Company, wa»
married in this city on Thursday even
ing, his bride being Miss Mabel Forbes,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. George H.
Stephenson. The bride Is a beautiful
young lady, who, for the last two years,
has been a society favorite in Sacra
mento. The wedding took place at the
home of Attorney and Mrs. John T.
Houx, 2467 Sacramento street, and waa
attended only by relatives and a few
of the immediate friends of the bride
and the groom. The Rev. B. M. Weeden,
rector of St. Luke's Episcopal Church,
at the corner of Van Ness avenue and
Clay street, performed the ceremony
in the old English style, Mr. Stephen
son giving the bride in marriage. The
parlors of the Houx residence were
beautifully decorated in pink and green.
After the ceremony a wedding supper
was served and then Mr. and Mrs.
Nourse started away on their tour of
the State. They are to reside In Chico
after the beginning of December. The
bride is a niece of Mrs. Houx. Mr.
Nourse is a brother of Dr. Beverley
Nourse and of Mrs. Thomas Nunan and
Mrs. Leonard Everett of this city.
Wedding*.
The engagement reception of Miss
Tillie Savannah and Mr. Louis Hlrsch
will be held Sunday, November 29,
from 2 until 5 o'clock, at 606 Fell atreet.
• ¦ • •
The engagement is announced of Mr.
Ellis D. Levin to Hattie Bro^n, daugh
ter of Mrs. P. Brown, formerly of
Marysvllle. The reception will be held
next Sunday from 2 to 6 p. m. at 605
Octavia street.
Mr. and Mrs. Marcus J. Waldhelmer
announce the engagement of their
daughter, Irene, to Mr. David Bres
lauer of Chlco. The reception wlll.be
held this afternoon from 2 to 6 p. m.
at 505 Buchanan street.
• • •
The engagement of Miss Harriot
Mendelson to Emil Kahn Is announced.
They will receive next Sunday afteiy
noon from 2 to 6 o'clock at 1340 Fell
street
Engagements.
The social ball is rolling with a rapid
ity that foretells of many a much
needed rest cure In the weeks to come.
Club and private parties are Increasing
in favor as the evenings grow longer,
and dancing Is the all-absorbing dlver-
Bion of the gay. young world.
Friday, November 27, at 2 p. m.—
Annual meeting of section presidents
and voting distribution of garments.
Saturday, November 28, from 2:30 to
4 p. m. — Annual reception for directors,
members and all who may be Interest
ed In seeing the garments before distri
bution.
Reports at. S p. m.
Please notify your directors and re
quest them to inform their members of
the time and place of meeting.
Tie your packages very securely and
have them marked on the outside with
kind of garments and number in each
package. Also state where you wish
them sent If for general distribution,
please mark them so.
It Is very important that packages,
with blue list enclosed, be sent prompt
ly on Wednesday, November 25, be
tween the hours named, that correct
reports may be made at the business
meeting on Friday.
Please have the parcels delivered at
the lower door.
The work of each section should be
sent in strong bags, plainly marked
with name of president and number of
section and number of garments.
The treasurer. Miss Wiggins, will be
on hand each day to receive and give
receipts for moneys received.
The. Needlework Guild of America,
San Francisco branch, will hold its an
nual meetings this week at Miss West's
school, 2014 Van Ness avenue. The fol
lowing bulletin has been Issued:
Wednesday, November 25, from 9 a.
m. to 2 p. m. — Annual collection of gar
ments.
Joyable affair,, but the audience, owing
to the; bad weather, was rather slim:
Each number on the excellent and
rather ambitious programme was re
ceived with applause until the singers
responded with an encore. The solos
by the Misses Sonderup, Broneer and
Juliette Lytgens, a duet by Miss Lulu
Krull and Mrs. C. Klaussen and a piano
solo by little Miss Heftmeyer were
heartily applauded, as was the quar
tet Blnglng by the club, and all the
numbers given were a credit to the
young ladies and to Mrs. Elizabeth
Poulsen, the energetic leader of the
club. A special feature was the dis
creet and sympathetic manner In
which the accompaniments were
played by Mrs. Poulsen, who showed
herself as a pianist of no mean rank.
(All notices for the "Society EvenU" columni
of The CalKehould be sent In time to reach
the editorial rooms not later than Friday
night, and * must" be accompanied by the
name and ' address of the member of the
family otfSfaember of .the club sending 1 the
communlcvfon.)
SOCIETY EVENTS
SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22, VJL903,
40
ADVERTISEMENTS.
U Miss Rose Peterson, Secre - «¦
tary Parkdale Tennis Club, Chi-
cago, from experience advises all
young girls who have pains and
6ickness peculiar to their sex, to
use Lydia E Pfakham's Vege-
table Compound.
How many beautifnl youn? girls d»-
relop into worn, listless and hopeless
women, simply because ¦ufflcient atten-
tion has not been paid to their physical
derelopment. No woman is exempt
from phrtical weakness and periodio
paiH, and yonng- girls Just budding into
womanhood should be carefully guided
physically as well aa morally. Another
woman,
Miss Hannah E. Mershon, Col-
lingswood, X. J., says :
M I thought I would write and teU
you that, by following your Idrid ad-
Tice, I feel like i a new person. I was
always thin and delicate, and so weak
that I could hardly do anything. Men-
struation was irregular.
¦ " I tried abottle of your Vegetable
Compound and began to feel better
right away. I continued its use, and'
am now well and strong', and men-
struate regularly; I cannot say enough
fo Jr2& a . t -J our medicine did . for. me.?;
-~*S000 forfeit If original of abow t*tt»r proving
genulnenets cannot be produotd.
£ Lydia E^ Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound Ttfll cure any woman
111 "J? jjand -who suffers • from"
womb troubles, inflammation of :
tne ovaries, and jkidnejr. troubles*
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I ¦¦mm
Our stock is the largest and finest we have ever shown—
and we have no reason to be ashamed of the past. Our
values, too, are unusual enough to justify the use of the
strongest words of praise that can be written.
TAKE THE $22.50 WALKING SUITS FOR EXAMPLE
• nd «CJ slve «tl B f.rtlon from th« day they go into «nce until he '.« thrrafl
*ear* out. The long skirted blouo* coat is lined with satin and % if J 2x
the Mvfj-fwe Fkirt is trim and »raceful in «>v«ry line Hand- Bit SO
eon)*!y EtrappM. See them before buying — It will eave you hoth * / / v
regreta and money * ua 't (ft
Here's a Word of Some Other Remarkable Suits
WAVSJXa SUITS of handsome brown -^T?*!?!; t!>OU»UO
mixed tweed. Blouse Jacket— taffeta V w fcCITS of brown cheviot,
lln^d — and peven-eore sk*rt. Trimmed' xaneta lined blouse with cane
with bands of CQfl {\(\ £•« five-gore plaited flounce eklrt
UCet* «?aU»UU ftftched PlP<yl <U>d S^Q
WALKING SLTTS of imported rray TAILOR " "sf-rra " " ' V/ v
ir.lsed tweed. Satin lined single breast- or black Cheviot cJi r ? W ? t .. bIue
ed fly front Jacket and seven-gore Z^a £2L -„ '^"i- Skirted blouse
SrSp^p 525.00 &£a?S *B $35.00
WALKING SUITS of fine rray raized TAILOR EMITS nt t>~-_ '
tweed. Eilk lined tlrht flttln* single cheviot. TafleU l?ned £Zfl* ft*™ 1 "
breasted jacket and seven-sore 8 kirt. and .evea-forT flj£e iklrt HS} M
fS^.T!p 827.50 £j «~?-2? $37.50
OUR MILUNEBY DEPARTMENT
Is one 6l the busiest spots in San Francisco
<^|||||^||||g* The Special Sale of
Trimmed Hats
$5, $7.50, $10, $1250 and $15
f is the business-drawing' magnet
• A bevy of new beanOes-dreamed out In our workrooms la*t week-will be ready
tar you to see «nd buy to-morrow. ; fwu7
I __ ¦ • KEWTilLAm & JiEVINSqN. _^_ J^
Kearny and Sutter Sts.
The Best Sale of Fancy Silks
of the Entire Season Begins Monday. (S25aO
Unquestionably the most important sale of Fancy Silks we have ever announced. It far excels
any previous event, because— there are more silks, selections are better and qualities are finer. This
season's choicest productions are represented in this enormous collection, including:
White Corded Silks— Plaid SiJks— Checked Silks— Figured Satin Liberties-Figured
Faille Francaise — Gun Metal Sflks — Peau de Cygne Silks — Fancy Figured
Pongees— Novelty Silks 'in Black and White and White and Black Effects, etc.
The variety of colorings is too great to attempt a description— not a favorite is missing. They
are the identical silks you saw here a short time ago at $1.00 and $1.25 per yard. Your nr p
choice of the entire, assortment during this sale for the extremely low price of U JU
Sale of Silk Petticoats c^rs)
A big, special purchase of Silk Petticoats goes on sale to-morrow. They are handsomely made
of fine, lustrous, rustling, Black Taffeta Silk of excellent quality ; full width, trimmed with prettily
tucked Spanish flounce, edged with small ruffle, also dust ruffle. Real value, $8.50 ; our <r g pq
special price for to-morrow's sale »pU.UU
Grand Display of Holiday Novelties
S In Our Art Department (^ Kearny su )
The choicest Holiday Goods are here— embracing everything useful and ornamental in the most
attractive fancy articles ever exhibited in this city. Make selections now, when assortments are
complete, and avoid the holiday rush. Goods purchased now can be set aside and delivered at
customers' convenience. Here are a few suggestions and their prices :
Sofa Cushions, hand embroidered, exquisite Oriental, Hand Embroidered Center Pieces in white linen; round
scroll and floral effects, trimmed with 7fi n g n or oval, exquisitely embroidered in +, - n i - M
ribbon ruffles or cord. $5.(5 to 1Z.5U violets, roses and tulip designs.... >*.3U to I3.UU
Hand Painted Sofa Cushions, on satin ; beautiful floral Handsome Toilet Sets of net and Swiss, also some of
and conventional desiens, prettily <c cn ft nft real lace; very elaborate and hand- - n
finished with satin ruffle to ZU.UU somely trimmed, prices from OUL to $Z3.UU
Laundry Lists, made of linen, In tan, green i nn Stick Pin Cases, made of white linen, embrol- t1 nA
and blue, with hand painted figures. .UU dered in violets, forget-me-nots and roses »pi .UU
Veil Cases, made of tan linen, with hand- a^-J 1C Pin Cushions, prettily made of moire silk, heart c^ _-
somely painted floral designs shape, with variety of all kinds of pins yZ,(O
Buy Holiday Handkerchiefs Now gsse)
Not too early to buy gifts — and it is not difficult to make selections now, for assortments are at
their best. There is every kind for man, woman and child — from the inexpensive plain hemstitched
to the most elaborate hand embroidered and real lace — all rightly priced.
Ladies' Handkerchiefs in Lace Edges, Ladies' Duchesse and Point Lace Men's Pure Irish Linen Handker-
hemstitched and scalloped, embroider- Handkerchiefs, in a large assortment chiefs; hemstitched, with hand embrol-
ed, pure linen ; at of new patterns. dered initials.
Each, I2Kc, 25c, 50c, and $1.00 Each, $2.00 to $10.00 Box of six, $1.50 and $3.00
Ladies' Novelty Colored Handker- Children's Colored Border Handker- Men's Black Silk Mufflers, hem-
chiefs, great variety of designs, in plain chiefs, plain and initialed, put up in stitched by hand, i^-yards long, extra
and initialed. fancy boxes, special good values ; at
Each, 25c to $2.00 1 5c and 25c per box. Each, $ 1 .00 to % 3.50
Neck Chains, Fans and Umbrellas «sfffi&)
This vast display of beautifulgoods, specially imported for the holidays, has no equal anywhere.
Everything brilliantly new and desirable; all marked at very attractive prices.
NECK CHAINS SPANGLED FANS . UMBRELLAS
A magnificent assortment here to We never had such a variety of hand- Nothing is more acceptable as a holi-
choosefrom. Long neck chains in gold, some fans. Fancy designs; spangled day gift than an umbrella. Here are
silver and gun-metal ; in fancy jewels in gold, silver, steel, black, and black hundreds of ladies', gents' and child-
and rhine stones; also some in hand- and steej, with boae, pearl and tortoise ren's umbrellas to select from; made of
some bead and jewel effects. shell sticks- best silks and choicest handles.
Prices, 1 1 .00 to $15.00 Prices, $1.00 to 125.00 Priced from $2.50 to $17.50
TAPESTRY TABLE COVERS « ORIENTAL COUCH COVERS
Special Sale To-morrow • At Reduced Prices
(Second Floor Sutter St) (Second Floor, Sutter Street)
We place on sale Monday a special lot of Tapestry Closing-out Sale tomorrow of a lot of fine quality Tap-
Dining Table Covers, 2 yards square, fringed on all sides, estry Couch Covers. They are In the choicest of Oriental
Colors— red, green, old rose and delft in the ~ 4 colorings, nicely fringed; some 3 yards, others
prettiest of two- toned effects. Newandperfect \! M 4 yards long, all 60 inches wide. Sold regu- QO CH
goods. Real value, $1.50 each; sale price.... »" llUU larly at $4.50 and J5.00 each; sale price *«•««
Write for. our ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE — W© mail it FREE.
ADVEBTISETVrEjrrS. :
Gceoco0<5ceoQ©coacos«ceaco»©eoo®©ooee©eoe«e©oo
I Dry Goods • 5^^^^ ; Company, §
s Thanksgiving.-' §
§ Hand embroidered; round, square and ob- %
g long pieces. Hand embroidered and hem- g
S stitched Tea Cloths. :::::::: S
o •
© k k &
g Linen Table Cloths, $Q,QO Linen Table Cloths, $O,75 S
§ V/ 2 yards long, at Q 2 l / 2 yards long, at Q g
f Square Linen Table Cloths. |
• John S. Brown & Son's make — 3, Zy* and 4 9
e yards, for square or round tables, are 2
g . marked at gr6at bargains at one-third less g
o than they can be replaced. :::::: ©
© t , k e
S BLEACHED LINEN TABLE LINEN, marked g
g down to $1.00, $1.20 and $1.25 yard g
O (Napkins to match if desired.) . 9
a 1 f o
| CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, |
O Cecrj cad StocHoa Streets. Union Sqaara. ©
ADVEaTISEMENTS.
! MflWO£S^y£lMWxBmfr f$» Hi
A#p/zAJuty -jmr. yKSk J8k>aEilf 1
jxnmr s&uum. ¦•'VSm$JM*mKfflJ
sstazx svx v/r- vBa •v^^W
. &JEJVCJWE ¦' \fJ*£C/AZ , Mwmjsr— <
¦X 3S9, Sutter Street
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
??T-i nd S> A; "W.: TRAVERSE. • Donohoe
building:. H70 Market street, cor. Taylor.' rooma
28-28." with tho electric needle ¦without pain or
scar: permanency -guaranteed: hours 1 to 4 p.m.
Owing to the congested con-
dition of freight traffic be-
tween this city and Ogden, the
art supplement," "Roderigo,"
advertised to be given away
free with to-day's issue of Th©
Call, will be replaced by one of
' E. B. Maes' celebrated poultry
studies, "Tha Orphans," and it
is hoped that "Roderigo" will
arrive in time to be issued with
next Sunday's Call."It's no wonder, some people get rich,
the way they look out for " pennies."
said a member of a large Philadelphia
wholesale firm. "Of course, strict bus
iness methods are all right, but there
is »uch a thing as carrying: them to
ridiculous extremes. For Instance, one
of our best customers' Is a man who
runs a department store In an Interior
town. He discounts all the bills and is
very particular about the matter of re
ceiving a monthly; statement. Some
time ago he failed to receive this state
ment, either through an error on our
part or on the part of the postal au
thorities. At any rate. It didn't re.ach
him, and he wrote 'up a postal card to
that effect. The . statement was imme
diately sent to him, and by return
mail we received his check, accom
panied' by k memorandum deducting
the i usual discounts., together . with one
cent for, a postal card."— Philadelphia
Record. ¦ . . : .
Caring for the Pennies.
Continued rains in Australia are mak
ing agricultural prospects in that coun
try better than they have been for years.
Society may not be an empty thing, but
there are lots of empty things in soci
ety.
Berlin, Germany, will soon have an
electric-distance-printing apparatus as
an adjunct to the telephone. Through
the contract with the Fostofflce De
partment, of which the telegraph and
telephone system is a part, the Fern
druck*r Company is able to establish a
special service for subscribers in Ber
lin and suburbs, who can exchange
communications in printed type by
way of the main telegraph office. The
apparatus is similar to a typewriting
machine. After connection is male,
communication can be had by simply
manipulating the machine like a type
writer; even if the addressee be absent,
the printing goes on automatically on
tape. The text of the message is du
plicated on the machine of uie sender,
so that a correct record Is kept and
mistakes In transmission are avoided.
The annoal subscription Is $119.—Ex
change.
Electro-Distance Printing.
"My son." replied Robinson, '"this is
a poetical, not a bookmaking, proposi
tion."—Philadelphia Post.
"I love to see the early morning sun
shine kiss the dome of the capltol, paint
It golden, and make it look glad."
"I'll bet you $10 you never saw It."
said Representative Ruppert of New
York.
Representative Robinson of Indiana
was declaiming on the beauties of na
ture. .
An Ethical Distinction.
The wire that was responsible for the
electrocution was one that had broken
off where It had been tied to the in
sulator. It was rusty and the high
wind made the strain more than it
could stand and It fell, dropping over
the heavily charged wire beneath. The
police stood guard at the spot until
linemen came and drew the dangling
wire out of reach.
The doctor who was summoned by
Turn Suden said:
"The first Intimation that I had of
the accident was when Mr. Turn Suden
drove up to the house and told me that
two men had been struck by, a live
wire at the corner of Thirty-fifth and
Market streets. I Immediately accom
panied him to the scene, and found that
the officers had already arrived. I ex
amined Mr. Yerrick first and found that
he was past any aid that I could offer.
I think that he must have been in
stantly killed, as he received the full
force of over 2000 volts, which Is enough
to kill any man.
"After examining Mr. Yerrick I turn
ed my attention to Bertz, who was
still breathing, but unconscious. While
I was working over him the patrol
wagon arrived and he was taken to the
Receiving Hospital."
When the call was sent to the police
station for the ambulance Captain of
Police Peterson, who was in charge of
the office, sent two pairs of rubber
gloves out to the officers In order that
they might get the fallen wire clear of
the sidewalk.
J. N". Gallagher, the construction
foreman of the Oakland Gas, Light and
Heat Company, said that one side of
a dead telephone loop had fallen across
one of the light company's leads and
the end of the wire had swung down
within reach of the sidewalk. He said
that the wire had probably broken off
In the tie.
WIND BREAKS WIRE.
George A. turn Suden. driver for his
father, who conducts a grocery, was
driving up Market street and saw the
second man fall, and Immediately went
in quest of a doctor. On tha way he no
tified Policemen Lee Andrew and Fen
ton Thompson, who hurried to the
scene of the accident and carefully
drew the two bodies away from the
vicinity of the dangling, death-dealing
wire.
Turn Suden called Dr. A. F. Higgins,
who made a hasty examination of the
two men. Yerrick he pronounced dead,
but expressed some hope of saving
Bertz, whom he ordered to be removed
to the Receiving Hospital. At every
point of contact with the wire it had
burned and seared the flesh. Bertz's
wrist was burned to the bone and his
face scarred in several places where it
had touched the flesh.
It is hardly believed that Bertz can
survive the terrible voltage that
shocked his system until he was thrown
into one convulsion after another and
it required the combined strength of
five men to place him into tha police
patrol and take him to the hospital.
There his body, still wrenching and
twisting, had to be strapped to the
operating table.
SUMMONS PHYSICIANS.
One man waj killed here to-night and
another lies at the Receiving Hospital
hovering between life and death as the
result of coming into contact with a
deadly electric wire hanging down over
a sidewalk at Market and Thirty-fifth
streets. One man following another a
short distance saw the first fall and
not realizing what was the cause of the
accident, rushed to his assistance, and,
coming Into contact with the same
murderous current, fell prostrate over
the body of the man he went to assist.
The man that was struck first Is dead.
The second lies at the point of death,
having received a shock of 2400 volts.
Clark Yerrick, assistant superintend
ent of the San Francisco, Oakland and
San Jose Railroad, is the man that was
killed. He was walking toward bis
home and had reached the' crossing of
Market and Thirty-fifth streets wh«n
he met his death. Behind him was
walking H. Bertz. an lronmolder.
A broken telephone wire hanging over
a heavily charged electric "feeder" was
the cause of the tragedy. The wire did
not touch the ground and was swinging
free when the linemen went out later
to repair the break. But one other per
son saw the accident happen and real
ized the danger of coming Into contact
with the wire.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 21.
VICTORIA, B. C. Nov. 21.— Later re
ports of the Tokai Maru disaster, after
collision with the steamer Progress, re
ceived by the steamer Riojun Maru,
which arrived to-day, reveal distress
ing details.
At the time of the collision the snow
was falling so thickly that nothing was
visible a foot away. A deed of hero
ism is reported on the part of the Jap
anese captain, who tied himself to the
bridge and sank with his vessel, pull
ing the whistle cord as he went down.
Neither the Tokai Maru nor the Pro
gress suspected each other's presence.
The former was sailing northward,
when the latter came up from the east
and drove her bow into the Tokai Maru,
which sank in five minutes.
At the time another N. Y. K. steamer,
the Higo Maru. en route also from
Aomori for Hakodate, was attracted to
the scene by the sound of the ship's
whistles, which were barely audible in
the snowstorm, and on being apprised
of the disaster assisted In the effort to
rescue survivors.
When the accident took place
Captain Hinta did his utmost to save
the lives of others. He sent off boats
with passengers, but only one of them
reached the Russian steamer, which
also dispatched several life boats. One
of them approached tha sinking ship to
save the captain. He had, as stated,
tied himself to the bridge and was
still pulling the string of the whistle.
When Invited to leave his pos£ he
sternly refused and calmly sank with
the ship. The Russians shed tears over
this tragic incident. Almost all the
survivors are injured more or less, and
the decks of the Progress were bespat
tered with blood. Sherfwill have to be
docked at Hakodate to repair the
damage to her bow.
A survivor named B. Shablto de
scribes the disaster as follows:
"I was once a seaman, so when the
crash was heard I was able to grasp
the gravity of the situation. I rushed
on deck and observed a man who ap
peared to be the captain urging the
crew to exert themselves. The stern
was already under water, so I hurried
toward the bow. As there was no boat
ready I cut one away from the davits
with a^knlfe and launched It, and in
this I, with five or six others, em
barked. The heavy seas upset the boat
a minute later, and I clung to the bow
of the sinking ship for two hours before
I was saved. During that time I saw
several persons, who were also clinging
to the bow, gradually lose their
strength and sink one by one. The
sight was terrible."
Fpeclal Dispatch to The CalL
DAWSON. Nov. 2L— A special tele
gram from Fort Gibbon to the Dawson
News states that fire to-day made a
clean sweep of the military Quarters
there. The loss is not mentioned, but
will probably run to $100,000 or more.
The fire is particularly unfortunate at
this time of the year as the Arctic
winter is now on in full rigor and will
last five months longer.
The flre broke out in an unknown
manner in the smokehouse. Before an
alarm could be given the entire bar
racks were ablaze. The soldiers had
nothing with them to fight the flames
but snow, which proved useless. The
fire made a clean sweep of the bar
racks, warehouses and paint shops.
The warehouses contained the supplies
for the soldiers for the winter and
nothing was eaved. All the soldiers
lost their personal belongings.
The commandant is moving with
great rapidity to again house the men
and send up the Yukon for more sup
plies. Fortunately the stables and
horses were not involved In the fire.
Fcrt Gibbon belongs to the Depart
ment of Columbia, under command of
General Funston.
Twenty-Four Hundred Volts Pass
Through Their Bodies at Mar
ket and Thirty-Fifth
Streets.
Skipper Aids the Passengers, Then
Ties Himself to the Bridge, and
Sinks Blowing Ship's
Loss Is Probably One Hundred
Thousand Dollars and the Troops
Hay Buffer in the Arctic
Winter.
Barracks Blaze and Soldiers
Are Helpless to Save
Goods.
Thrilling Details Obtained of
a Recent Wreck
at Sea.
Clark Yerrick Is Killed and
H. Bertz Seriously
Shocked.
PORTLAND. Ore.. Nov. 21.— "Fifty
per cent d the sheep of Eastern Wash
taStos er.d Eastern Oregon will perish
this winter on account of lack of hay
ar.d feed en the ranges and the hard
winter which stockmen believe Is be
fore them." stated Charles McAlister.
a • fhee? king" of Eastern Washington
to-day.
"This Immense loss cannot well be
prevented under the present circum
stances. Every sheep owner Is trying
to get rid of his stock. Stock is in bad
shape and hard to dispose of on that
account."
Mr. McAlister says it is nothing to go
out on a cold, wet morning and see
hundreds and even thousands of dead
and dying sheep on the ranges.
Gallant Conduct of Jap
anese Captain After
Collision.
Dangling Electric Wire
' Carrier of Fatal
Current.
Owners in Eastern .Oregon
and Washington Greatly
Alarmed.
Fire Visits a Military
Station in the
Par North.
COMMANDER
PROVES HERO
IN DISASTER
0NE STRUCK
DEAD, ANOTHER
UNCONSCIOUS
SHEEP PERISH
O N THE RANGES
in the Northwest
Doomed.
Fifty Per Cent of Stock
FORT GIBBON
MAKES FUEL
FOR FLAMES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1903.
41
AHT7SE2CE2JTS.
IS «¦«... ¦¦!.! II. ...I I »»¦
I II e * lt Comraenete* THIS ASTER- ¦
} |Sj KOON. Noremher 22. |j
> ¦ B
f g K2XJTJLJLR MATDJEE3 TrEECrES- g
| g DAT. THURSDAY. BATUR- »
| 2 DAT AND SUNDAY. |j
! 5 ~ •¦
t H Th * B * n * atloa °* T»» Conttoents.
: g Annie Abbott s
* £3 Th* LltUa O«nr1a Macnet. U
» S — *5
; : Armenfs-Tifo Quartette B
1 EJ Novelty Deaeera. 3
i ! Bryant and Savllle g
1 ¦ Musical Comedians, With a New ijomO; fl
I a oToooda. • Q
¦ Sear! and Violet Allen 1
I ¦ Pnaactlns; "THE BIOS PAZNTSB.* r «|
: g The Three Zolars g
1 E3 European Qratesqu* Gyxccuurta, ¦
. i _ _
: g Serra and Bella-Rosa s
1 ¦ Honltj Aarobata. M
: 8 «
: s The Brlttons g
| ¦ rmmaam Cblond Eaurtatoers. ;|
: S Orphsum Motion Pictures!
H UlustraUn* the U!m ct Nanotooa. |
, ¦ ; ¦
¦j ZAst W«ak and Ttwneadoas Saocas* at S
| Wright HantlDgtoD and Co. g
n Piwentlnc Tbatr Best Bittch. "A !
g 8TOUST KJS3." • SI
¦ ifi
El OaiWren, any psut except rmaired. 10a C
¦ - A few front Orchestra. Rows, reserved, p
m We; front rows ot Balcony, reaarved. E
" ¦ Q
CALIFORNIA
TO-NIGHT!
7XBST TTTVrn HXBS!
Special Thanksgiving Matinee
ARTHUR C.AISTON
ZQims.:.
m n James
iiliUoo °^
JSn^? 1 * Successful Southern
jHsaCfanri | comedy Drama.
ALCAZAR 8 "^^-
Oeneral idmamgtr.
Th« Sarleklnrty runny Faro*. -
MA.TENEE TO-DAT— TO-NIQHT—
* IjA3T TXMXS
| THE CLUB'S BABYT
To-morrow Nl«ht— First Time tn Stock et Bol
SsUth Russell's Great Play.
A POOR RELATION
Quaint Humor. Extxoislt* Pathos.
The Delightful Children. The OiirfnaJ Bones.
KXTRA MAT. THANKSOIVINO.
Erg.. 23o to 75c. Mats.. 13o to 60a
NEXT — The Romance of Russia,
"A ROYAL PRISONER."
CENTRAtr^
Btlaseo ft Mayer— Proprietor*.
Market it... near Elsrhth— Phone Sooth 533.
MATINEE TO-DAT— TO N1OHT XJIST TXKB.
The Ma&niflcent Dmtnatla Spectacle.
UNDER THE POLAR STAR
TO-MORKOW NIGHT— ALL. NEXT WMX
MATTNEKS THA>'KSQIV1NO DAT. BATUR-
DAT AND 8XJNDAT.
Th* Immensely Successful Comedr Mslodruas,
MIDNIGHT IN CHINATOWN
Rich and Rarel Strange and Mysterious!
Vtrld Pictures of Llf« In Ban B"r«nclsco"s
Oriental Quarter.
Splendid Scenery and Stajr* ECeets.
All Central Favorites In the Cast.
nmrcc* Evening*. 10c to 60s
rlUCCj* Matinee* 10c. 10c, ao«
FINAL RECITAL
ANGELUS PIANO PLAYER
SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 29. at 3 p. n.
In
8TEINWAY HALL
Another Plane Recital will be riven by Mr.
Perclval K. Van Yonr ar ta« piano, wtti .
U« aid of
THE ANGELUS.
8OLOIST,
Mr. Joe Rosborough.
Barytone.
Complimentary ticket* may b« seenred at oar
¦tor* any time betor* the reoltaL
' SHERMAN. CLAY A CO..
Kearcy and Sutter at*.. S. 1*. ¦
"Ml H< ! K ' - T - ** "WT^TTH.
P^iafP DONT FAIL TO
laiaWW gee beautiful
t . COURT Lounging
fltlH room, the EMPIRE
ailU PARLOR, the
r j PALM ROOM, the
!iTflflfl LOUIS XV PAR-
UiailU LOR. and the LA-
D j. 1 DIES' WRITING
Hotels room - ._
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••I
j Lowest Prices Ever Known
• - F0R
i TAILOR MADE GARMENTS
I Height of the Season.
% Many cases of Tailor-Made Suits, Novelty 'Silk* Jackets,
• Military Coats, Silk and Etamine Skirts and Rainy Day Skirts
it have arrived. They are the product of two prominent whole-
• sale manufacturers of New York. ONLY GARMENTS of
g MERIT; ONLY THE VERY NEWEST STYLES.
• To-morrow and following days this week we will offer
S Black Tailor Suits at $12.50, $15, $16.50, $18.50, $20, $22.50
q They are well worth - |i«. 5 o, $*>, 1*1.50, $25, 1^7.50, $30
• New Mixture Suits at - $12.50, $15, $16 JO, $l&50, $20, $25
• They are good value at ;"-.;; f^o, fao, #1x50, |*j. $27.50,135
• Zibeline Suits at • - - -» $18.50, $22.*50, C5, $30
I Full value at ¦ > - - .- $ 2 $ t $30, #32.50, $37.50
§ Silk Coats at - ... $10, $12iO, $13.50, $17.50, $20
| Military Coats at . - - - - $15, $17.50, $20, $2150
| Trimmed Cloth Capes - - - - - - - $8.50 to $25
| Rainy Day Skirts at - - • $3.50, $4.50, $5, $6, $7.50
• Pur Garments at Lowest Market Prices.
1 1230 -1232 -1234 MARKET STREET, near JONES
©©©o»©®®o©oooo®9e©©oo*e®o©o«©®o«.©«o©eooo©«©«
aab IIU9E&I A sw nwiciscira
%?U.UU EwlJQli4 LEADlh'Q THEA'.Pi
So^o-iv? LAST WEEK,
MATTNEB SATURDAY.
SPEQAL MATINEE THANKSGIVING DAY
CHARLES FROHMAN PRESENTS
VIRGINIA.
In Plnero'a Masterpiece.
This famous play has aet all San Fran-
, cisco talking, •
. The New York Sun say»— "Not to have seen
this masterpiece is to have missed a great.
vital play."
Sunday Night. November 29 — German per-
formance.
The Alameda Lustsplel Ensemble presenting
"IM WEISSEN ROESSL" (At th« White
' Horse Tavern).
MONDAY. November 30 <
Wa. A. Brady •¦ Special Prod noil on
ft PLAT WAY. 1H WEEKS
0F DOWN "
DIIIEISIL - TT IE! Till
SYMPATHY. £:j4ST CITTi
SEATS BBAST THXTBKDAT.
KISCELZtANEOTJS AJSUSSXENT3.
Thought_ Forms
MR. C. W. LBADBEATER
"'"'{Of the Theosopbical Society, London).
Will Lecture at Golden Gate Hall,
. To-night at 8 o'clock.
The lecture win be illustrated with a large
number of entirely new and unique lantern
slides. Admission 25 cents. ;
SAN FRANCISCO BY AUTOMOBILE.
;¦•""'. Rates Less Than Carriage Hire,
Call MOBILE Carriage Co,
1 GOLDEN Q ATE • AND .VAN NESS A VES. '
Phones Larkin 3841. Polk 3080.
Downtown I offlco. Lobby ' Palace Hotel. I Phone
'. ' B«sh 860.
Yon can secure these ears at the ofCo of any
hotel : or - cafe. Open night . and . day.
Positively the last of the performances at the
old Tlvoll.,
TO-NIGHT
Last Presentation of
"ZA2fA M
MONDAY EVENING, November 33.
Grand farewell performance for the benefit
VERDI MONUMENT FUND.
Selections from "Nabucco," "The Barber of
f Seville " "Forsa del Destine," "Lom-
bardl.* 1 "Gtoconda." "Rlgoletto," "£n.
ani" and "Zaza."
All the Artists will appear.
PRICES AS USUAL, 25c 60c. and 7So.
Telephone. Bush, 9.
A CONCLTJSTVB PROOF THAT A FIRST-
CLASS SHOW WILL DO BUSINESS.
| RUBES AMD ROSES j
That Delightful Musical Burlesque Is Packing
the House.
IMPORTANT
MOHTMT NEXT. November SO.
First time on any Stage.
;> I-O-U.
A Musical Comedy Sensation.
A marvelous Burlequ* creation.
First appearance of the Altnea Twins.
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
SPECIAL MATINEE ON THANKSOIVTXa
High-Class Specialties ETery Aftemooa and
Evening In the Theater.
CARBERRT AND STANTON: LITTLE HEL-
ENE; MARSH AND SARTELLA: ROSS-
LEY- AND ROSTELLE: THE VOLKTRAS:
MABEL LAMSON. and '
NEW MOVING PICTURES.
SEE THE COLORED BABY IN THE INFANT
W)WWI l WftMfft T1>rr^ TT>A ' rr ' t * tfWlsJI
HAMAPBYA3 IB THE JBOO.
Lots of Tun In tha Pansy Arcade.
AMATEUR NIGHT NEXT WEDNESDAT.
—^—ADMISSION, 10c: CHILDREN. 6c — :
STATEMENT
OF THE
couDrnoir and aetatbs
' OF THE——
National Standard
INSURANCE COMPANY
OMTi^JW^? ESS? FS
19C2. and for the year ending on that day u
2^* * h « Insurance Commissioner of 'the
J* L# CM i t °^ ii^ pursuant to the provisions
of sections €10 and «11 of the Political Code
condensed as per blank furnished by the Coml
mlssioner:
Amount of Casltai Stock, paid t»
111 <** 1200.000 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1442L07T M
Cash In Banks ! 1W82T 28
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1 «4« g«
Premiums in due Course of CoIIec- '
Uoa 83,668 62
Total Assets $834.121 04
LIABILITIES. — —
Lowes in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense J $49.033 00
Losses resisted, including expenses. 733 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
niag one year or less. $3S8.421 88;
reJpsurance 60 per cent 194 213 43
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one r*&r $76.-
278 05; reinsurance pro rait*. 42.282 68
Commissions ar.d Brokerage due and
to become due .............. iftfiio (Mi
All other liabilities .'. 21,293 38
Total Liabilities $324,010 S3
INCOME. *~
Net cash actually recelred for Fire
premiums $424,003 83
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 4 75
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 13 771 89
Received for profit on sale of Bonds. io|ll7 10
Total Income 8447.988 18
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losseei
(Including $ . losses of prevl-
00* years) $268,273 70
Net amount paid for Marine Losses)
(Including $ , losses of previ-
ous years) 39 jo
Dividends to Stockholders 10,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 116.687 73
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges' for officers, clerks, etc.. 1,333 00
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 14,281 14
All other payments and expendl*
»««• 4.963 43
Total Ezpendltnres ..$413,579 21
Losses incurred daring the year. .. .$282,300 90
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
rear $59,684,820 $746.847 68
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
% .yw 86,834,413 683.381 36
Net amount la force
December 8L ltt». 36.984,803 464,703 Cl
Marine
Risks and Premiums. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
y*** $ $9 4»
Net amount of Risks
expired during the -
year » 49
Net amount In force
December 31. 1002
R. B. RATHBONB. Preat.
JOHN B. COONET. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2Ut
day of February, 1903. • f~
CHRIS. DAMBACH Notary Public
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Trunkand Suitcase
SPECIAL OFFER.
Exoellent Trunk, durably tnsde, with ail
heavy brass trimmings, two extra travs.
double r-.rs.rped. «nd an extra value *tt
$9.50. VTe have specially reduced the
price to SQ.OO
"* Dreas East Case of fine sole leather, hand-
fonie In appearance, well made and
durable, worth much more, but we offer
H for $6.OO
We are daily In receipt of new Holiday
Leather Goods Jn Chatelaines. Bs^s and
6ult Caees. EpeclaUy desirable as holiday
presents.
A. B. SMITH CO.
Trcnka and Traveling Outiu.
128-132 Oils Street Above Powell,
Ban Francisco.
STATEMENT
OF THE
COUDITIOU AND ATFAIES
AssneCompany
OF AMERICA
OF NEW TORK. IN THE STATE OF
New Tork. on the 31st day of December.
A. V. 1902. and for the year ending on that
<»ay, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
cf the State of California, pursuant to the
provisioes of s*«ctions €10 and 611 of the Polit-
ical Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner. *
CAPITAL.
Amount of Casltai Stock, paid up
in Cash 5200.000 00
ASSETS.
Ca*h Market VsJiie of all Stocks and
Bonds owxed t>y Company $<M.2T7 50
Cseh tn Banks 76,824 47
Zr '•¦->*' £'-'• and accrued on all
Storks and Loans _ 1,€23 82
Prer2iu=is in due Course of Collec-
tion T5.eS3 12
Total Assets t^S^ 91
LIABILITIES.
Lobbcs tn proexm of A ' Jumtranr.t or
tn 8usr*«»e $48,743 00
Loeses resisted, lnc!u<!in«; *>xpenses.. 850 00
Gross pm=i»ms on F^re Risks ron-
rlror cne year or less. $381,125 54;
ppiasurasce 50 oer cf«t 19O.S03 87
Gr«8 premium* en Fire Risks rnn-
r.Ir.i; r&or» than one year. | JSO.-
347 31: reinsurance rro rata 44.807 88
C — - ¦ r .' -• and Brokerage due and
to "-.- t.» due 13,056 83
All otter Liabilities 17.7S4 14
Tctal Liabilities $317,816 83
IXCOME. "
SCet ca*!» artunlly reeelTed for Fire
premiums J123.MC 72
N»t cash artuaiir reeeiTod for Ma-
rtae premiuir.s 4 74
Received lor interest and dividends
en Bond*. Stocks, Loans and from
all other source 13.4S9 21
JL deceived for profit en sale of Bonds. 13.204 31
Tt»tal Income 1454.203 63
EXPENTJTTURE3. =
Ket atnoont I>ald for Flr« Loesfa
(taclndlnsT % > lonf * of pre-
Tloui yeare) ;••;••••;••••• 287.46X) 03
Vet amount paid for Marine Losses .
(including $ . losses of pre-
vious years) •-•• 89 15
D!>1drr»ds to Stockholders 10. 000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokera** -• •• 118.316 60
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charres for efflcers, clerks, etc.. 1,453 uo
Paid for £tate. National and Local
taxM • ••• 12,002 51
AU otb»r payments and expendi-
tures • ••• B6« 00
Tctal Expenditure. $409,6«9 31
Losses iscttrred dnrtna: the year. ...$282.624 21
~ Fire Pre-
K'lks ar.S Premiums. RUks. mlums.
Ket amount of Rlfks
written (Surinr the
rear $52,859,148 *a».01« 24
Net amount cf risks
expired durirjr the
year 54,642.080 645.060 B7
Net amount in force Dt-
ceaber 31. 1&02 86.669,190 46L473 25
Marine | Pre-
Hisks and Premiums. Risks. mtnm»
Net amount of risks
written durlrx the ' -
year <4 74
Net amount cf risks
expired durlrr the
year ......•¦¦¦•... 4 74
Net amount In force' i>!
cember 31. 1&02 None.
ROBEKT C. RATHBO.VE. Prest.
> F »-^-»3 D . RAT HBOXE, Secy.
-X Fut»c«bed and swr,rn to before me this 21st
"¦v cf February. l{*03
CHHIS. BAMBACIL Notary Public. '
C. Pl. HENRYc&GO.
General Agents Pacific Coast Department,
215 SANSOME STREET. SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
ADVEBTISEMKNTS.
« .
ATraj^uH of
.MILWAUKCC.
•rA.Good Hand
And a steady one, for It means
sweet words of approval. The
"dispenser,", whether host or
dealer, Is never embarrassed by
the feeling- that it won't please.
There's QUALITY back of It —
Quality that means "Blatz" • In
every glass. Uniformly Pure
and Mature.
Always the Same Good Old Blatz
Bl*ti Malt-Vivint (Nta-Intoz) Tonli *
vi^-ssS - : '¦ Druggists or Direct.
Val. Blatz Brewing Co., Milwaukee.
Braisclif eiier & Co, inc.
5 and 7 DRUMM ST., San FrincUcp.
Tel. Main 1646. Wholesale Dealers.
AMUSEMENTS.
Racing !^^^^ Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
Commencing: November 14.
- Raring Each Week Day. , Bain or Sola*.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commenc at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
For special trains stopping at the track take
8, P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at IX
li:80, 1:00. 1:80 or 2 o'clock, ¦ No smoking U
last two cars, which are reserved for ladles
and ' their escorts.
.Returning' trains leave track at 4:18 sjtd
4 :43 and Immediately after the last race. *
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
¦ PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary. -
c USCTUBE3 AJSTD : C0KCEBT3.
_is# i""TB"3nSfrm OTiila wAT w»t.t.
*SB§Xpj£fW%'p\ ' "W" 1^' Experimsnts In
»_...-; '.'. AMUSEMENTS.
GRANDS
— — ———————
COMMEKCMQ MONDAY—
f-A./^O 1 3 MATINEES
~ KVENtNOS AT 8 O'CLOCK.
MATINEES WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY AT 2 O'CXjOCX.
SPECIAL MATINEE THANKSGIVING DAY.
Klaw & Erfanger's
STUPENDOUS PRODUCTION OV GENERAL LEW "WALLACE'S
foA m^ tSfiy^ts3 S3 fea is s» B9 r 'lA
Bf^ll ¦uasj snBB B&B Bnnrnfl PeOM gWH rfiSS IS9I RsM m£5&
nvfl HaEQi Hbpb ssnB bbbeB SrScl Hi Shh BhB BBeB
Dramatized by WILLIAM YOUNG. Music by EDGAR STILLMAN KELLET.
POSITIVELY LAST PERFORMANCE
SATURDAY NIGHT, NOV. 28.
BUS DAT APT.. gOV. 29 — OPENXKO OP OOMBSTATZOir 8SA8OS AS
POPXTLAB PKICES. — ''OVER, VZAOABA PALLS."TO ARRIVE.
FROM SEATTLE.
Shipping Intelligence.
AltRIVED.
Saturday, November 21.
¦ Etmr Olympic, Hansen, 83 hour* from Ban
IPadm. '
LONDON. Nov. 21— Kxtradition was
granted to-itey for Charles Taparac and
Kebear, the two Crcatians who were ar
rested at Southampton October 21, charged
with the murder of S. T. Ferguson at
V.'est Middletown. Pa.
Croatians to Be Extradited.
• Usually the more law costs the less Jus
tice ther* Is In It. ¦ . .'
Solomon was the wisest man of his day,
yet he .was hopelessly married.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Nov. 21. — Wheat — Walla
Walla, 73c; bluestem. 78c; valley, 77®78c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Nov. 21.— Wheat, steady, un
changed. Blnestem. 70c; club. 75c.
NagRsby— Aren't those bagsasemen de-t
atructlve cusses? ¦\VagEer3by— I should
say so. They treat a trunk as If It /wens
a promise and they were tho Sultan of
Turkey.— Baltimore American. .. .
¦ » »
During July 117 vessels of 21.430 tons
were built and officially numbered In tho
United State*.
Yesterday was one of the quietest
days the local shipping has seen for
some time. Up" to 5 o'clock the only
arrivals for the day were the schooner
O. M. Kellogg and the coasting steam
er Olympia. j
The schooner O. M. Kellogg, which
arrived yesterday eighteen and a hall
The oil carrying, oil burning steam
ship Rosecrans, Captain Johnson,
cleared yesterday for Hilo, via Hono
lulu.
Water Front Notes.
Eig Price for Gambling Privilege.
J3EP.L1X. Nov. 21.— The Alpenberger
Fpielbank. on the payment of $200,CCK>
yrarly. has received a concession from
the Greek Go\'ernment for gambling; at
Corfu for thirty-six years. It will b«>srln
operations on December 15.
The barkentlne Omega of the Simp
son Lumber Company's fleet is being
converted into a schooner. The rig of
several vessels has been changed In
similar manner during the last few
months with great success.
Omega to Be a Schooner. {
RERUN. Nov. 2L— It has been finally
r]ecid«Hj that the Prussian Ministers of
Commerce. Agriculture and Education
will send delegates to the St. Louis Ex
position, to Investigate and report on* n»w
ideas. Provirions therefor will be In
cluded In the forthcoming budget.
Prussia Wants Ideas.
There comes from Paraguay to the
Journal 5 of Tropical Medicine v news of
an apparently harmless beverage which
is ' sole jstay f and ,, stimulant of • the
working-classes in. Paraguay, and the
Argentine /Republic. It is often known
as Paraguay tea or ; mate. It is us
ually drunk as a hot Infusion, through
a' metal : tube,' but may be taken • like
tea; with milk land sugar." "Workmen
take it with them wherever they go and
sip It ' occasionally. -¦ Wood-cutters ' will
work on It for five or six* hours before
breakfast, and the writer declares that,
taken at night, it makes nursing, study,
orj what doctors "call "night work," real
pleasure. Analysis . does .not explain
these ;;: results; ; and ' lifelong , and "¦ .: per
sistent use appearsto have, no evilcon
sequences.^-New York Commercial Ad
vertiser. .' \
A Harmless Stimulant.
What's the. matter with Mrs. Stuyve
sant Fish? • She sputters very much
as If somebody had been stepping on
the train of her best gown.— Boston
Globe.
Mrs. Stuyvesant Fish states that
Henry Lehr is Just like the ordinary
person. Mrs. Fish Is unduly pessimis
tic—Milwaukee Sentinel.
: Probably '¦ Mrs. Stuyvesant Fish will
find the "stupidity" of life somewhat
relieved when she. gets back to New
York and ascertains what the "smart
set" thinks of those St. Louis Inter
views.—Sioux City Journal:
Mrs. Stuyvesant.' Fish .seems to con
sider, all other kinds were codfish.—
Boston Herald.
Some Fish Lines.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Heights of High and Low Waters
ct Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. • Published by official authority of the
Superintendent. '
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) ibout 25 min
utes later than at Fort Point; the height of tide
is the same at both places.
SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22.
Sun rises .....6:57
Sun sets 4:53
Moon sets.... 8:04 p. m.
0 Time Timel Time . Time
» ' Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
» H W L. W H W [L. W
22 2:27 4.7 0:56 3.0 1:01 5.3 7:40 — 0.2
23 3:15 4.8 7:4S 3.3 1:50 6.0 8:30 0.1
24 4:02 4.9 8:55 3.3 2:38 4.5 9:13 0.4
25 4:44 4.D 10:08 3.2 3:33 4.2 9:57 0.8
26 6:23 4.0 11:20 2.9 4:31) 3.9 10:45 1.1
27 6:07 B.ljl2:20j 2.6 6:53 3.8 11:43 1.4
28 | 6:47 5.2[ 1:11| 2.0 <:06 3.8|
NOTE — In. the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column - and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence an to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. . The : heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( )
sign precedes the height, and then the > number
riven is ; subtracted from , the . depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the"* lower low waters.
ROME. ICov. 2L— The reports that Car
dinal Satolll will represent the Holy Sea
at th* Et. Louis exposition are incorrect,
it being against all rules and precedents
for the Vatican to Bend a representative
from Rome in the person of a member of
the Sacred College to any exhibition. The
rumors to the effect that Cardinal Sa
tolli will take any steps toward going;
to the United Btates are also quite un
founded.
Satolli Will Not Be Present
The name of the. British steamship
Hardwick Hall, overdue from Delagoa
Bay for Calcutta, was taken from the
reinsurance board yesterday when M.
A. Newell received a cablegram from
London saying that the vessel was
ashore at Parquharls. The other over
dues are quoted as follows: Charlonus,
10 per cent; Fifeshire, 45 per cent;
Parts, S5 per cent; Cadwgan, 15 per
cent; Llndisfarne, 10 per cent; Thalia,
£5 per cent, and La Bruyere, 15 per
cent.
Overdue Hardwick Hall Ashore.
22
23
24.
25
26
27
23 |
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
November 22.
G. Dollar. . Grays Harbor 12 mlPier 20
W. Kruger . Beattlei & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
G. Lindauer I Astoria* & Portland 2 pm Pier 28
Chlco. .....: Coqullle River. .... 6 pm Pier 2
Centralia...' Loa Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 10
N. Fork.... Humboldt 2 pm Pier 20
Corona Humboldt ......... 1:30 p Pier 8
Fr Leggett Humboldt ......... 9 am Pier 10
S. Rosa. . . . San Diego Ic Way. 9 am Pier 11
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
November ' 23. ; ' , - • •
S. Monica. . Grays Harbor ... : 4 pm Pier 2
Rival ...:.. WlUapa Harbor . . 4 pm Pier 20
Nevadan... Honolulu .......... 12 m Pier 23
Phoenix.... Mendoclno City.... 1 pm Pier 13
Chehalis... . Grays Harbor .... Pier —
Olympic... Whatcom & Falrh'n 4 pm Pier 20
. November - 24. • '
Rainier. '.'. . Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
Arctic. . .... Humboldt ........ 9 am Pier 10
Pomona.' . . . Humboldt ........: 1 :30 p Pier 9
G. W. Elder Astoria &. Portland 11 am Pier 24
:%- • ./¦•¦. November 25. *•••* -
Eureka . Humboldt ......... .9 am Pier 13
Coronado. . . Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Coos Bay. . . San Pedro & Way 9 am Pier 11
Gaelic, t... . China & Japan... 1 pm Pier 40
November 26. , ¦•¦•,'¦
laqua .'. Humboldt ...| 10 am Pier 2
State of Cal San DlegO & Way. 9 am Pier 11
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma.. B pm Pier 20
•...;•• November 27. ¦ • '
Nlcaria. ... Hamburg & Way.. 2 pm Pier 19
Alliance.... Eureka &Coos Bay '. Pier 16
Newburg... Grays Harbor ... . 4 pm Pier 10
Oueen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
«jueen...... . November 28# . ». ~ c
PC Arena '. Point Arena'.. '. ... 4 pm Pier 2
SamP*»dro.. Humboldt '-4 pm Pier *
Alameda... Honolulu:.. .: ll'am Pier T
C Sydney. } N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
v ,* ' November 29.; v ; • :
Bonlta Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Columbia'... Astoria * Portland. 11 am Pier 24
December 1.
Ma'riposa... Tahiti direct.. r..". 11 am Pier 7
¦ ¦ .<¦'--.-¦ December 3. ;¦ :.: *•.-. . ¦¦
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier » 9
December 3. i . -¦ ¦, *
H. K. Mara China &. Japan. ... 1 pmlPlsr 40
Exports by the Panama Steamer.
The steamer Colon, which sailed yesterday
for Panama and way porta, carried an assorted
cargo consigned to the principal Central and
South American ports, and also some largo
shipments of produce and merchandise en
routs to New York and Europe. The cargo
was valued at $132,593 and was distributed as
follows: For Mexico, $8074; Central America.
$13,732; Panama, $8544; Colombia, $1382; New
,York, $90.t!54; Germany, $7765; Belgium. $1401;,
Holland, $080; Trinidad Island, $30; Venezuela,
$36. The leading ea»>orU were as follows:
To Mexico— 13.800 lbs rice/ 80 cs mineral
water, 2C0 gals 20 cs wine, 483 lbs spices, 6
cs canned goods, 439 lbs codfish, 287 lbs ham,
10.815 lbs soda, 844 gals vinegar, 11 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, 400 lbs raisins, 250 lbs
dried fruit. 292 lbs bread, 343 lbs cheese, 12
bxa paste, 160 pkgs potatoea, 60 pkgs fresh
Irult, 80 pkgs onions, 6 - cs ¦- meals, 60 pkgs
paints and oils, 76 vet 6 bdls steel, 43 pkgs
nallR. 2100 lbs shot, 2120 lbs lead, 6 pkgs
leather, 1070 bdls snooks, 27 pkgs machinery,
6 bbls cement. 21 bales bags, 4470 lbs rosin.
2 cs tobacco, G9 pkgs paper. 4 • bdls duck, ' A
cs drugs, 1554 ft lumber, 2 cs boots and shoes,
2 cs arms and ammunition. - ' -
To Central America— 2430 bbls flour. 250 gals
3 ca wine. 33 cs whisky, 400 lbs sugar, 15
pkgs beer, 776 lbs sago, - S cs canned goods,
22 pkxs groceries and provisions, - 261 ; lbs ham
and bacon. 400 lbs rice, 4 cs bread, 1 cs gin,
16,000 ft lumber, 15 bbla tar, 2 . cs ' coal oil.
7018 lbs tallow, 22 bags coal, 8 cs dry good*.
20 bdls 12 bars Iron. 209 lbs lead.
To Panama — 25O bbls flour, 39 pkgs potatoes,
70 pkes onions, 30 crts garlic, 900 lbs sugar,
775 pkgs naval stores, 226 lbs raisins, 160 lbs
beans, 00 gals wine, 2 pkgs liquors, 1000 bxs
soap, 65 colls rope, 4 bdls oars. -. : ' ¦
To Colombia — 135 bbls flour and ' 1350 gals
wine. . . .
To New. York — 78.045 jtals wine, 400 cs
honey. 83,482 lbs dry . hide*. 5461 lbs skins,
1000 pkgs horns, 32 - cs typewriters and parts,
35 bdls scrap leather, 21 cs books, : 5678 pigs
lead, 140 flanks quicksilver, 5 bbls vegetables,
23,846 lbs grease wool, 90 bales junk.
T» Germany — 349,639 lbs dried prunes and 1
cs canned fruit.. ¦ ¦¦ . '¦-¦¦.¦
'. To Belgium— 49,779 lbs dried prunes.
' To Holland— 61,263; lbs dried. prunes.
¦ To Trinidad Island — 10 cs canned salmon.
To Venezuela — 10 ca canned . salmon.
Steamer. ¦ | For. Sails.
Dirlgo Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 24
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 27
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts|Dcc. 1
Valencia Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 4
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way PtsjDec. 7
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Health Officer Smith realized for^the
first time the change In his appearance
made by the new uniform when he
went home to dinner yesterday. He
knew his suit would surprise his wife,
and he" thought he would make the Sur
prise as complete as possible by going
around the house and coming in at the
back door. As he opened the door
quietly and looked. In, he saw his wife
standing in the kitchen with her back
turned toward him. To attract her at
tention he coughed - quite loudly.
Whereupon .she turned, and. as she
caught the 'first glimpse of him she
threw up her arms and gave a scream
and was apparently about to faint
away when the eallant doctor in his
stunning blue regalia," rushed up and
caught her in his arms. "What's the
matter?. Don't be. alarmed. It's I,
your own McKendree." Oh, my Mc-
Kendree, I — I thought it was a — a — po
liceman." Dr. Fraker also appeared the
same day for the first time In his new
uniform, 'and "Lieutenant" Morlarity
and "Sergeant" Evans will soon join
the dazzling health department galaxy.
The uniforms are neat but not gaudy.—
Columbus (Ohio) Dispatch.
Gold Braid in Ohio.
News of the tug Sea Rover and her
big tow, the ship Two Brothers, Is
awaited In marine circles with some
anxiety. The Sea Rover left Astoria
November 16 with the Two Brothers
In tow. Since they left heavy south
easterly gales! have been sweeping up
the coast. The Two Brothers Is towing
down because It was found impossible
to secure a crew for her. The sailors
as a reason for their refusal to go in
her claimed that the vessel was leak
ing and unseaworthy. In the event of
her parting company with the Sea Rov
er she would be in a serious predica
ment, not having on board enough men
to handle her under sail. As the
weather has been unusually bad there
is little doubt that Captain Dan
Thompson has on his hands as big a
contract as he ever tackled and every
body interested will feel easier when
the Rover and her tow pass in through
the Golden Gate, If they do.
Must Be Having Hard Time.
The bark Amy Turner sailed yesterday for
Hllo with an assorted merchandise cargo, val
ued at $42,81*7, and including the following:
!»'« bbls Hour, 1177 bales hay, 72,836 lba
middlings, 100,038 lbs bran. 4417 ctls barley,
97 ctls wheat, 225 ctls corn, 13.123 gals wine,
183 gals 35 cs whisky, 6000 lbs bone meal, 25.
000 lbs rice, 202 ctls cate, 30 pkg« candy, S85
pkgs groceries and provisions, D0O lbs lard,
325 cs canned Roods, 4200 lbs bread, 6C9 lbs
butter, 2000 lbs codfish, 30 cs liquors, 1100 lbs
sugar, 20 gals alcohol, 50 casks beer, 80 pkgs
paste, 7C19 lbs beans, C02 lbs meals, CQ pkgs
fresh fruits. 10 pkgs fresh vegetables, 200 pkgs
potatoes. 27 pkgs onions, SID lbs cheese, 10
pkgn dried fruit. 1000 lbs nuts, 550 cs coal oil,
H7 pkics paper, ui colls rope, 0 pkgs machin
ery, 26 pkg» dry goods. 79 cs boots and shoos,
10 pkgs electrical supplies, 127 bars 16 bdls
iron. 10 bdls steel, 8800 lbs chloride, 30 bxs
candlts, 38 okgs drugs and- sundries, 26 pkgs
agricultural implements, 111 bxs soap, 46 pkgs
paints and oils, 6 cs arms and ammunition,
200 bbls lime, 150 pkgs millwork, 100 cs blast
ing powder.
A Cargo for Hilo.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The barkentlne John Palmer is chartered for
lumber from V"*et Sound to Shanghai at 33s
Od. with option of Manila at $9.
The French bark Neullly proceeds In ballast
to Sydney Heads for orders.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,*
November 21, 1903.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Perry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
1. c., at noon of - the 120th meridian, or ttl 8
p. xn.. Greenwich time;. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant U. 8. N., in Charge.,
TO SAIL.
Movements' of Steamers.
She carried about sixty passengers.
Of these twenty- two 'were Chinese.
Among the others were C. D. Curry, D.
Marshall, Arthur Finger, Thomas Rey
nolds, J. Cartier, P. J. Stack, G. W.
Ault, J. Sullivan, W. G. Watson, F. M.
Ballard, J. H. Meguire and wife, A. W.
Furlong, A. Canobia, R. Gigot, \ wife
and children; W. F. Arbuckle, Alex
Nowell, Tan Soi San, Chon Ho San.
. The Pacific Mail Company's steam
ship Colon, which sailed yesterday for
Panama and way ports, carried sup
plies and mall for the ships of the
United States squadron now stationed
at the isthmus. The Colon's cargo of
2500 tons, mostly for New York, includ
ed 2100 barrels of California wine. 600
tons of Sour, 350 tons of lead and 400
tons of prunes.
days from Mahukona, brought 7366
bags of sugar.
The German ship Magdelene ' from
Antwerp has been anchored. off the
lightship for the last two days.
The army transport Sumner arrived
yesterday at New York. •
The coasting steamer Dispatch,
bound from Astoria for San Pedro, put
Into port yesterday afternoon to re
plenish her supply of fuel, having used
up most of her coal bucking southeast
erly gales.
Steamer, f Trova. 1 Vkm ' ..
Arctic '"7" Humboldt • Nov. £2
Centralia.:.:: Gray, Harbor Nov. 22
Hero Oyster Harbor Nov. 22
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports Nov. 22
Pomona Humboldt Nov. .-
Newburs Grays Harbor Nov. -2
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma N<£. 22.
Kicarla Seattle ov - *3
Eureka Humboldt •.••• Nov. 23
Chehalls San Pedro No%- 23
Coronado.... San Pedro No\. 23
Marlposa Tahiti N«> v - £>
Queen Puget Sound Ports Nov -;2
State of Cal.. San Dlejo & Way Ports Nov. 21
laqua Humboldt Nov. 2*
Centennial.... Seattle & Tacoma Nov. 24
Alameda Honolulu Nov. 24
Aztec Tacoma Nov. 25
H. K. Maru... China & Japan Nov. 2j
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Nov. 2.>
Lothian China & Japan Nov. 25
Corona Humboldt Nov. 23
Ban Pedro Grays Harbor Nov. 25
Newport N. T. via Panama Nov. 25
Point Arena:. Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Nov. 26
Santa Rosa... Ban Diego & Way Ports Nov. 28
Bonita Newport & Way Porto. Nov. 2ti
Columbia Portland & Astoria.... Nov. 26
Hawaiian.... New York Nov. 27
North Fork... Humboldt (Nov. 28
Curacao Mexican Ports Nov. 28
CityPuebla.. Pugret Sound Ports Nov. 28
Abydos Hamburg & Way Porta. Nov. 28
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports... Nov. 30
B.Barbara... Seattle &' Olympla. Dec. 1
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria. ... Dec. 1
City, of Para. N. T. via Panama IDec. 2
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports. ...| Dec. 3
By the same act the authority of the
people, as voiced by Parliament, to set
tle disputes as to the succession was af
firmed and recognized. Besides the
Princess of Bavaria, the author places-
Don Carlos of Spain, dozens of conti
nental Princes and nobles, and hun
dreds of commoners ahead of our King,
so far as the quality of their royal blood
Is concerned. All this serves to show
what a lot of humor may be worked
out of a very blue subject. The thought
of a pretender nowadays even making
a pretense is quite droll and amusing.
It must be handy to know exactly
where cne stands in the list of royal
ties, or how far the original azure fluid
In our veins has been diluted by the
common plebeian variety. The Duke of
Devonshire, for instance. Is numbered
3653 from the Princess of Bavaria, and
there are lots of Smiths, Jones' and
Robinsons ahead of him. It Is the cus
tom of^the sovereign to speak of his
subjects as his trusty and well beloved
cousins. If it does us any substantial
good, we may all claim to be at least
the thirty-second ' cousins of royalty,
even without the authority of the Mcr
quis of Ruvlgny.
According to a recent publication,
there is no danger of Great Britain ex
periencing any shortage of blue blood
for many years to come. The industri
ous author of this interesting but un
necessary work Is the Marquis of Ru
vigny. who has devoted his life to the
study of pedigrees. He has discovered
that there are at least 11,723 prsons who
are legitimate descendants of thre
Kings— Edward IV and Henry VII of
England and James III of Scotland. It
is' not pretended that the list is com
plete, so that those of us who are omit
ted may attribute it to inadvertency.
Indeed. It Is estimated that the de
scendants of British royalty number
400,000. Thus the Marquis has only
touched the fringe of this extensive
subject. The author has obligingly
numbered each of the persons whose
pedigree he has investigated, so that
they may all see at a glance how near
or how far they are from being at the
head of the dynasty. No. 1 is Princess
Louise of Bavaria, and she Is certified
by the law of primogeniture to be "the
heiress of the Royal House of Stuart,
etc., who but for the act of settlement
would be de Jure hereditario Queen of
England. Scotland, France and Ire
land." By the act of settlement of 1701
the Catholic sons of Elizabeth. Queen
of Bohemia, sister of Charles I. were
excluded from the throne, and the suc
cession was settled on the children of
her Protestant daughter, the Electress
of Hanover. y
PLENTIFUL SUPPLY
OF BLUE BLOOD
Near 12,000 Persons Listed* as Be
ing Descended From British
Kings.
BERLIN, Nov. 21. — Future aerial navi
gators desiring to attain great altitudes
will use hermetically sealed double-walled
aluminum and glass cages and before
starting will put on oxygen masks, ac
cording to a prediction of Dr. Hermann
von Schroetler of Vienna in a lecture be
fore the Berlin Society of Aerial Naviga
tion. Dr. von Schroetler maintains that
the physiological disturbances In the up
per atmosphere are due solely to lack of
oxygen and he advised an early recourse
to oxygen inspiration before the bad ef
fects of the poorer atmosphere are per
ceptible, calculating that the lungs re
ceive less oxygen from pure oxygen in an
airship at a height of fourteen kilometers
than from air at the surface owing to the
diminished pressure, and 50 per cent less
at nineteen kilometers, which necessitates
inspiration under pressure. But this
pressure Is available only under certain
restrictions owine to disturbances of the
blood, hence the prediction made by Dr.
von Schroetler. ¦
Dr. Von Schroetler Declares That
Airship Men Must Use Mechani
cal Devices.
OXYGEN- MASKS FOB
attrtat. NAVIGATORS
BHIP TWO BROTHERS WHICH IS BEING TOWED FROM ASTORIA BY
THE TUG SEA ROVER AND FOR WHOSE SAFETY CONSIDER
ABLE ANXIETY IS FELT.
Though* this was a remarkable Jour
nalistic feat, pointing to Immensely
useful development of the electrophone
in the future, that Instrument Is not
yet perfected for such a purpose. When
Mr. Chamberlain was speaking straight
before him his words were clearly audi
ble, but when he turned to one side
they became Indistinct, and cheering
and other interruptions from the audi
ence blurred them.
Mr. Chamberlain spoke eighty
minutes, and his epeech contained
about 10,000 words. Fifteen minutes
after he epoke the last word of the
speech was In type in London.
Mr. Hannsworth has adopted a novel
method of advertising the Dally Mail.
A member of his staff is booked for
lectures throughout the United King
dom on "The Romance of a News
paper." He will recount the history of
the Dally Mail and show the Inside
workings of the different departments.
The electrophone is the Invention of
an Englishman. It Is claimed for it that
it marks the beginning of a new era in
certain branches of newspaper work.
By means of the electrophone it was
transmitted to the office of the Daily
Mail, 113 miles distant, where It was re
peated to a staff of reporters, every
word being clearly heard. The speech
was printed verbatim, and the paper
was selling on the streets In three
minutes less than half an hour after.
Mr. Chamberlain had ceased speaking.
Telegraphic reports of the same
speech arrived In London more than an
hour after the Dally Mail was on the
street.
LONDON, Nov. 21. — England has
grown so accustomed to looking to the
United States for marvels of Journal
istic enterprise that Londoners find it
difficult to realize that what is practi
cally a revolution in reporting has been
Inaugurated by one of their own papers.
A speech delivered by Joseph Chamber
lain in Birmingham on Wednesday
night was read in the London Daily
Mail exactly twenty-seven minutes
after it was delivered.
By Us© of New Instrument Speech
Is Published Fifteen Minutes
After Delivery.
LO2TDON PAPER DOES
FEAT IN NEWSGATHEBING
CHERBOURG, Nov. 2L— The entry
of the royal yacht bearing King Victor
Emmanuel and Queen Helena and the
escorting squadron into French waters
was greeted with a salute of 101 guns
from the forts. The French squadron
in the roads fired twenty-one guns as
the British vessels picked up their
mooring buoys. The maritime prefect
at once boarded the Victoria and Al
bert to greet the King and Queen. This
evening the French fleet was brilliantly
illuminated. Their Majesties landed at
the arsenal and were received with mil
itary honors. They then boarded the
train.
An incident of the departure of the
Italian sovereigns which occasioned
some excitement was a collision be
tween the torpedo-boat destroyer Vio
let, one of the escorting flotilla, and a
gunboat. The Violet's bows were some
what damaged.
The first farewells of the members of
the royal families took place in King
Edward's waiting-room. The two Kings,
arm in arm, then inspected the guard
of honor and the two Queens followed.
Subsequently King Edward and King
Victor Emmanuel escorted Queen Hel
ena and Queen Alexandra respectively
to the saloon train, where the Queens
bid each other an affectionate good-by.
As the train was moving away from
the station King Edward stepped for
ward, stretched out both hands and
clasped the hands of King Victor Em
manuel, who feaned out of the window.
The band then played the Italian na
tional hymn and King Edward stood
at salute until the train was out of
sight.
Royal salutes from the warships,
which were dressed rainbow fashion,
greeted the Italian King and Queen on
their arrival at Portsmouth. They im
mediately embarked on the royal yacht
Victoria and Albert, which shortly af
terward departed for Cherbourg, at
tended by the torpedo-boat destroyer'
flotilla, amid the strains of "Auld Lang
Syne" and a final salute of twenty-one
guns.
LONDON, Nov. 2L— Much ceremony
attended the departure from "Windsor
of King Victor Emmanuel and Queen
Helena of Italy. The royal procession
from the castle to the railway station
was similar to the one witnessed on
the occasion of their arrival. The
crowds" gave the visitors a most cor
dial 6endoff.
Edward VII Gives King and
Queen Affectionate
Farewell.
Much Ceremony on
Leave-Taking of Ital
ian Sovereigna
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Nov 21— Stmr Cam
pania, from New York; stmr Celtic, from New
York; stmr Cedrlc, from New York.
Sailed Nov 21 — Stmr Etrurla, for New York.
Arrived Nov 21 — Stmr Columbus, from Bos
ton.
ROTTERDAM — Arrived Nov 21— Stmr Rot
terdam, from New York.
Sailed Nov 21 — Stmr Noordam, for New
York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 21— Stmr Peru
gia, from Genoa.
• Sailed Nov 21 — Stmr Pennsylvania, for Ham
burg; stmr Umbrla, for Liverpool; stmr Min
neapolis, for London; stmr Kroonland, for Ant
werp; stmr Hohenzollern, for Naples, Genoa,
etc; etmr Hesperla, for Marseilles, Genoa and
Naples; stmr Hickla, for Christ lanla. Copen
hagen, etc. .
HAVRE— Sailed Nov 21— Stmr La Touraine,
for New York.
ANTWERP— Salted Nov 21— Stmr Finland,
for New York.
BREMEN— Arrived Nov 21— Stmr Frlederich
der Groese, from New Ycrk, via Plymouth and
Cherbourg; stmr Rheln. from New York. -.
GENOA — Arrived Nov 21 — Stmr Prlnz Oscar,
from New York, via Naples.
COPENHAGEN— Sailed Nov 21 — Stmr United
States, for New York. • •
MORORAN— Arrived Nov 5— Ger atnir Eva,
from Seattle.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Nov, 21— Stmr
Coptic, from San Francisco, via Honolulu, for
Hongkong.
To sail Nov 13 — Stmr Hyades, for Seattle.
Palled Nov 4 — Jsp stmr Riojun Maru, for
Seattle.
DOVER — Psssed Nov 19 — Ger stmr Anubls,
from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Nov U— Br shiD Celtic
Queen, for Wallaroo.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed Nov 1J— Br ship
Garnet Hill, for Tocopllla.
COLASTINE— Arrived Nov 6— Ger stmr
Hcleno Menzell, from Lunde, to load for New
York.
VICTORIA— Arrived Nov 21 — Jao stmr Rio
jun Maru. from Yokohama.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Nov 21—
Olympla, from Tacoma; Br stmr Yeddo, from
Astoria, via Nanalmo.
MAZATLAN— Sailed Nov 19— Stmr Newport,
for San Francisco.
. OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TORK— Sailed Nov 20— Bark Nuuanu.
for Honolulu. ¦
Arrived Nov 21— U S stmr Sumner, from
Manila.
PHILADELPHIA — Cleared Nov 20— Ship
Edward Sewall, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
8ttnr Oeo W Elder. Randall. Tl% hours
from Portland, via Astoria 60 tt hours.
Stror South Coast, Olaan. 24 hours from
Caspar.
Btmr Despatch, JJeviMon, 100 hours from
Columbia River; bound south; put In ror fuel.
Stmr Phoenix. Odlaad, 24 hours from Men
doclno; bound south; put In for fuel.
Schr O M Kelloct, Iverson, 18V4 days from
Mahukona. »>-.
CLEARED.
V; Saturday, • November 21.
Stmr Colon. Irvine, Panama, etc; Paciflo
Mall Steamship Co.
8tmr Rosecrans, Johnson, Hllo, via Hono
lulu; J D Bpreckels & Bros Co.
Stjjp- Umatllla, Nopander, Victoria and Port
Townsend; Paclflc Coast Steamship Co.
;Bark Amy Turner, Warland, Hllo; Welch
* Co.
SAILED.
Saturday, November 21.
Stmr Bonlta. Alberts, San Pedro.
Stmr. Colon, Irvine, Panama, etc.
Stmr Empire, Mactenn, Coos Bay.
Stmr Oeo I/oomls. Badcer, Seattle.
Stmr O C Ltndauer, Allen, Astoria.
Stmr Point Arena, Miller, Mendoclno.
Stmr Brunswick, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Ger ship Industrie, Schweirmann. Adelaide.
Bark Amy Turner, Warland, Hllo.
TELEGRAPHIC.
. POINT LOBOS. Nov 21, 10 p m — Weather
fogey; wind SE, velocity 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS. j
ASTORIA — Arrived Nov 21— Stmr Columbia,
hence Nov 19; schr Molrqee. from Redondo;
schr North Bend, hence Nov 9; bktn Tam
O'Shanter, from San Pedro.
Sailed Nov 21— Stmr Navarro, for San Fran
cisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 21— Stmr Montara,
hence Nov IT; stmr Nome City, from Valdez.
Sailed Nov 20 — Sttnr Indiana, for New Tork.
Nov 21— Stmr Valencia, for Skaffway.
TATOOSH— Paused out Nov 21 — Schr Sa
lem, lrom OlymDla, for San Pedro; utmr In
diana, for New Tork; Ger stmr Nicarla, for
San Francisco.
Passed In Nov 21 — Bark Oregon, hence Nov
15, for Ladysmilh: schr Bangor. from San
Diego, for Port Gamble; stmr Edith, hencs
Nov 18, for Seattle; Br bark Pass of Brander,
from East London, for Royal Roads.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Nov 21 — Bark
Hecla, for, San Francisco.
EURE4CA— Arrived Nov 20— Schr Alcalde,
from San Pedro. Nov 21— Stmr laqua, hence
Nov 20; schr Mabel Gray, from San Pedro;
atnir Eureka, hence Nov 20.
Sailed Nov 20 — Stmrs South Bay and Arctic,
for San Francisco; stmr San Gabriel, for San
Pedro; achr Emma Claudina, for Redondo. Nov
21 — Stmr Pomona, for San Francisco: schr
Lottie Carson, for San Pedro. «¦
PORT TOVVNSEND— Arrived Nov 21 — Bchr
Mary E Foster, from Honolulu; Br ship Sara
¦ EOfsa, hence Nov 13.
Sailed Nov 21 — Br ship Claverdon. for Port
Pirie.
TILLAMOOK— Arrived Nov 18— Schr C T
Hill, hence Oct 31. . ¦ . ,
TACOMA— Sailed Nov 21— Stmr Afctec. for
San Francisco; bark Colotna, for San Diego.
SOUTH BEND — Arrived Nov 21 — Bktn Ara
go, hence Nov 13.
MARSHFI ELD— Arrived Nov 21— Stmr Alli
ance, from Astoria.
Sailed Nov 21 — Scbr Abble, for San Fran
cisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Nov 21— Stmr Lakme,
from Redondo.
Sailed Nov 21 — Schr J M Weatherwax. for
Grays Harbor: stmr Samoa, for San Fran
cisco. .
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Nov 21— Schr Wm
Ols«»n. hence Nov 11.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Nov 22— Stmr
Coos Bay, for San Francisco.
• VENTURA— Arrived Nov 21— Stmr Asun
cion, hence Nov 20.
SAN DIEGO — Arrived Nov 21-^6chr Oceania
Vance, from Everett. ,
Sailed Nov 21 — U S stmr Hugh McCulloch,
for . • "
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Nov 20— Stmr Se
quoia, for R*dondo. Nov 21 — Stmr San Pedro,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Nov 21 — Schr Sailor Boy, hence Nov
IT; bktn J L E vision, from -Honolulu.
PORT ANGELES — Sailed Nov 21 — Schr Vik
ing, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
Pacific Mail Company's Steamship Sails for Panama With Large
Cargo, the Bulk of It for New York and Consisting Largely
of California Products— Liner Takes About Sixty Passengers
COLON CARRIES SUPPLIES TO PACIFIC
SQUADRON AND A BIG WINE SHIPMENT
VICTOR DEPARTS
FROM ENGLAND
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1903.
42
SEE THE NEXT
SUNDAY CALL
WHO FINALLY WINS
PRETTY MADGE STAIRP
-== WAS NEVER MORE IN ' EVIDENCE THAN TO-DAY *^=^
"AT WORK" I
Free Sunday, Nov. 29,1 903
The publisher of The Call, in anticipating the tendency of the times
in giving moTe time to recreation, hunting and fishing/ has acquired for
/" their exclusive use a series of art pictures which will serve as reminders
' during the busy months of those delightful days passed in the field.
"At Work," the title of the next Sunday Call's offering, is a reproduc-
tion from an oil painting by J. M. Tracy, an artist whose paintings of'
dogs have never been surpassed.
Mr. Tracy had for the subject of this study the celebrated Llewellyn
setter, "RODERICK)," who became famous in this country by his clean
sweep of bench and field events.
This picture, while it appeals strongly to those who know every point
in a dog, is perhaps just as interesting to the many who love the faithful A
animal. y
In handling, color and action, "At Work" is a most life-like study; a S
picture that, when framed, could with difficulty be distinguished from S3
the original oil painting. '-? * H
To overlook this is to miss one of the best of the Sportsmen's Series. U
DON'T DO IT. \ ORDER THE CALL TO-DAY. |Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 21.
Flour, qr sacks . 15, 664 Wool, - bales .... 162
Wheat, centals. 450 Feed, sacks .... 172
Barley, centals..' 9,970 Tallow, centals. . 250
Corn, centals... 560 Pelts, number. . 413
Rye, centals.... 65 Hides, number.. 600
Beans, sacks.... 700IBrandy, gallons 8,850
Potatoes, sacks: 4,290 Raisins, boxes.. 3.000
Onions, sacks... 400 1 Leather rolls..-' s 51
Bran, sacks.... 1,235 Wln»» gallons.. 00,750
Middlings, sks. ,625 Sugar, centals.. 4,500
Hay. tons...... 161 Lime, barrels .. J $17
Hops, bales.... 64
EASTERN.
Corn, centals ... ¦ 600
. 5? ' ~t : Morninr Session.
500 Andes 15 200 Mexican 63
300 Belcher ...... 15 2CO Occidental ... 35
200 Belcher 16 250 Overman 14
400 Bullion OS 250 Overman 13
100 Caledonia 91 500 Savage 14
30O Con N Y OS 500 Sierra Nevada 27
200 Hale A Norc. . 501
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Tonopah
and San Francisco Mining Exehange yesterday:
Mornlns Session.
100O Brunswick .. 08 100 Mont Ton..l 12^
7000 Esperanxa .. 01 1C0 Ton Midway. 35
2500 Hannapah ... 10 . 300 Ton Nevada.. .6 50
100 Mont Ton..l 07% 200 Ton N Star..' 45
TOO Mont Ton 1 10
TONOPAH MEfES.
Bld.Ask. 1 • Bid. Ask.
Colehan — I 9 Paymaster ..01 CS
Esperanxa... — 01 Rescue 03 05
Gold Mount.. — 05 Ton Belmont. 75 92
Hannapah... — 10 Ton * Cal... — 21
Lucky Tom.. 02 08 Ton Nevada.8 00 —
MacNamara . OS 12 Ton N Star.. 35 3«
MtePab TT... — 20 Ton Midway. 35 SS
Mont~Ton..l 10 1 17*4 United Ton .. — 12
N Y Ton.... 01 03
Following .were the sales on the Pacifle Stock
Exchange yesterday:
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
""We get some idea of shape, more
than we do of size. Of color we have
an idea of black and white and of red.
but I think few, if any, of us can com
prehend any other hue. "We picture the
sun as an Immense mass, with red ray3
shooting about It, and daylight as a
million white shafts floating above the
earth. \
"When a blind man .dreams . his
dreams are not like those of other peo
ple, but consist almost entirely of sen
sations of sound. He cannot dream of
scenes and places, for he has never
seen them. For Instance, when -we
dream of hearing of our friends, we
dream of hearing their voices.
"The sensation of sound and motion
take the place In the dreams of thei
blind of the objects which appear in
the visions of the night to those who
can see. I speak of those who have
been blind always, for, of course, with
those who once could see, their dreams
may be filled with visions of people and
places which their waking eyes cannot
now behold, but which may appear viv
idly to them In sleep. But one who has
been blind always cannot dream of see-
Ing." — Answers.
A man blind from birth, speaking of
the mental pictures which unfortunates
like himself have of external things,
said:
With the Mind's Eye.
Heavy and Increasing etocks of Butter led
some houses to give concessions to buyers yes
terday, and while there was no general de
cline, the feeling was weak and depressed and
lower Quotations were looked for during the
coming week. —
Cheese continues weak and plentiful.
The market is -still bare of ranch Em and
the high prices still rule. Stocks of Eastern
are now controlled by one house, " which is
pursuing 'the policy of keeping the market
where it is and not allowing this description
to advance. In order to keep the market from
falling Into the hands of the Western combina
tion of packers mentioned a couple of days
ago. :
Receipts were 17,100 lbs Butter, CS1 cases
Eggs and 10.600 lbs' Cheese.
- BUTTER— Creamery. 31@32%c for extras
and 2C@29c for seconds; dairy, 21@25c; store
Butter. 17'/J©19c; cold storage. 24826c; East
ern, 2S&25c per lb. •
: CHEESE — 12@12%c for the general market,
13c for select mild new and llwlH^c for
lower grades;. Young Americas, t3@14c; East
ern. 15%@16^c; Western. 14©15c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 52%@55c for choice and 45@
48c for small and mixed colors; store, nom
inal: cold storage, 2SQ32 He; Eastern. 26@*2Sc
for cold storage.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
New York Metal Market.
NEW TORK, Nov. 21.— Business In the
various metals to-day was light and prices
were about the same as those ruling yesterday.
Quotations for Iron continue more or less nom
inal and demand shows little sign of improve
ment in the near future.
Tin occupies a firm position, with spot at
$25 10@25 40. '
Copper is quiet, with Jake at $12 60®13
electrolytic at $12 87% and casting at $12 75.
Lead ruled quiet and steady at $4 25.
Spelter was easy and unchanged at $5 C2%.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Exports and imports.
NEW TORK, Nov. 21. — Imports of dry goods
and merchandise at the port of New York for
the week ending to-day were stated at $11,-
S65.792. Imports of specie were $1454 in sil
ver and $1,854,251 in gold. *~ -
Exports of specie were $747,732 in silver and
$26,675 in gold.
St. Louis Wool Market.
BT. LOUIS, Nov. 21.— Wool, steady; me
dium grades combing and clothing, 17@21%c;
light fine, 15ei7%c; heavy fine, 12^15140; tub
washed, 20830c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Nov. 21.— Clearings, $876,801;
balances, $130,661. i
TACOMA. -Nov. 21.— Clearings, $222,392 •
balances. $32,542.
PORTLAND, Nov. 21.— <3earlngs, $418,236;
balances. $71,552. ' .
SPOKANE, Nor. 21. — Clearings, $414,412:
balances. $95,244. . ~
dissociated Banks' Statement.
NEW TORK. Nor. 21. — The statement of
averages of the clearing-house banks of this
city for the week sbowe:
Loans $557,234,300; Dec. .$2,620,700
Deposits 847.333,400; Dec. 6,081.700
Circulation ....... 46,023,100; Inc.. 40.100
Legal tender 62,790,800; Dec. 259,600
Specie 162.953.900; Dec. 8, 487.900
Reserve 215.744.700; Dec. 3,847,500
Reserve required.. 211.833,350; Disc. 1.530.420
Surplus 3.911.X50; Dec. 2.227,075
U S. deposits 13,111.625; Dec. 2,257,265
Exchange and Bullion. Jf-
Bterllng Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 80%
Sterling Exchange, sight • — 4 R4U
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 85^
New York Exchange, sight — " " Pat
New .York Exchange, telegraphic — 02 H
Silver, per ounce. . ... . .1 — B8&
Mexican Dollars — 45»^
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The markets of ths world are atlll
without feature and quiet..
Chicago was lower, with cable* slow. -Tho
domestic situation, however,, waa reported
strong. . ¦ ;..i
Wires from Chicago to BoIton.De Ruyter &
Co. cald: "There is a lot of extravagant talk
about the falling off of the movement in the
Northwest," which is not confirmed from all
sources. The foreign markets show no dispo
sition to follow advances here, and this is
accounted for by the liberal weekly shipments
from and' large surplus in the Argentine."
In this market futures were lower, but cash
Wheat remained as before quoted.
CASH WHEAT.
California, Club. $1 40@l 45; California White
Australian. $1 50&1 55; Northern Club. $1 409
1 421$; Northern Bluestem. $1 5001 65; Oregon
Valley. $1 40©l 45 per ctl. - * ¦
: FUTURES. .
Session 9. to 11:30 a. m.
-'-,.> ¦ Open? 1 High. Low. CloMk
December ..$1 34% -fl 35 $1 34%. 11 35
May ........ 132% 132% 1 82% 1 S2H
NTW TORK STOCK LIST.
P'joci*— Fa>s. .High. Low. Close.
Atchison 12.HOO \ COH 64^ 64'A
Atchison j>f4 300 fc»aj 8»^ . 88H
Baltimore & Ohio.. 8,400 75% 74fc 75
Bait & Ohio pfl 87
Canadian PaciHc... 400 llSTi 11SU H«H
Central of N J 153
Chesapeake & Ohio. 1,200 30% I9?« 23V4
Chicago & Altsa... 200 80H 30*5 80^
Chi & Alton pfd.. 66
Chi Great Wenem. 200 15 U 15^1 15U
Chi G W B pfd... 200 28 2« 26V*
Chicago 4 N W... 200 164 Ji 164% 163
¦hi Term & Trans. 100 S% 6*4 8H
Chicago T & T pffl. 100 17 Vi 17 H 17
C. C. C & Et Louie 71H
Colorado Southern. 100 IS 13 12%
Colo Bouth 1st rfl. 100 UM Wi; C2H
Colo South 2d pfd -21
I>elaware & Hudson 100 1£5 163 153
Del. Lack & W«>*t -.... 235
Denver & Rio G 18
TJen A Rio O pfd 66U
Eri» 8.400 27 28% 26%»
Erie irt pfd 400 66% 05% €W
Erie 26. pfd .... 4S^
Great Northern pf4 160
Hocking Valley 72
Hocking Val pffl... 83%
Illinois Central. S0O 123 129 129
Iowa Central 20
I-v a Central pfd... ..... .... .... 36
K C Pcuthem 17
K C Southern pfd 22
Louis & Nash 1.000 10m 101% 101 «4
Manhattan L LOOO 138?i 138 lSSU
Metropolitan St Rx 1.100 114^4 11* 114*
Minn & ht Louis.. 100 61 Cl 57
Missouri PiclSc... C.100 90^4 69H 90
MU, Kan & Texas 16H
M. K & T pfd 86
Ntl RR Ilex pfd » ..»• S5H
New York Central. 1.700 117% U6H 116«
Norfolk & Western ti^i
Nor A W««t pfd 83
Ontario & Western. 800 20«t . 20H 20U
Pennsylvania IS. 450 1U*£ 113H 113%
Pi C C & Et Loo's 67
Reading «.3OO 40% 89% 40^4
Reading let tTS .... 75%
neaOinx 2d pfd J. . 67
Rock Island Co... 4,000 24H 23% 23?4
Kock Island Co pf a M
FtL & fiF 1st pfd 60
«tL & £F 24 pfd 44
St Louie S W 1314
Ht L S W pfd Six}
Ft Paut «,900 13SIJ 13714 137%
Pt Paal pfd ' .... 172*4
Houth^rn PariSr... 20.SOO 44«i 43T4 44H
Southern Railway.. «0O JS14 1S% . 18
Southern Ry pfd... COO 75% 75U 74U
Texas & PaclSc... 200 23 23 22%
T. Pt It A. W 100 20«4 20% 20ii
T. fit L & W pfd.. 100 31»i 31»i 30^4
Cnion Pacifle 10.700 72H 71% 72%
t'nlon Pacific pffl S5?i
V/sba.«h 100 1014. 19H 19H
V.-«.b«Bh pfd....... 2.200 84% S4# 34%
Wheeling &. L E 15
Wisconsin Central.. 200 16U IBH 16*4
Vnaooasln Oeat pM 800 87 86# 86H
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Not. 21.— FLOUR— Receipts.
18.183 barrels: exports. S3C0 barrels; market
opened firm, but demand was light. Winter
patents. $1®4 35; winter straights, $3 05©4 10;
Minnesota patents, $4 55@5; winter extras, $3
63 30; Minnesota bakers, $3 S0®3 85; winter
low grades, $2 £0&3 15. /
WHEAT— Receipts. 106.900 bushels; exports,
94,400 bushels. Spot, quiet; No. 2 red, 87%c
elevator; No. 2 red, SSUe f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Du'.uth, 90%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba, nominal. After opening steady
on local covering orders, steady cables, small
Northwest receipts and prcepects for more bull
leh weekly statistics on Monday, wheat eased
off under realizing, closing &c lower. *May
clow*! at K3"4c; July closed.' 79*ic; December
closed, 87 He- .. . *, ¦
HOPS^ — Steady. State, common - to choice.
1902 crop, 24®32c: J902 crop, 17@25c: Pacific
Coast. 1003 crop, 21©28c: 1902 crop. 21©25»4c;
old*, 9<Sl2c ¦-• .- .
HIDES — Steady. Galveston, 16c; Califor
nia. 19c
SATURDAY. Nov. 21—12 m.
Bid.Ask.1 Bld.Ask.
Alpha 01 05 Julia 06 07
Alta 01 02 Justice 10 12
Andes 15 10 Kentuck 03 04
Belcher 15 17 Keyes Graes. — 1 SO
Best & Belch.l 30 1 40 Mexican 62 63
Bullion 07 08 Occidental ... 34 30
Caledonia ... 91 P2 Ophir 130 135
Challenge Con 16 18 Overman .... 13 15
Cho'.lar .....\ 11 12 Potosi 00 10
Confidence ... 64 60 Savage 1.1 15
Con Cal & Va 92 P3 Scorpion .... 01 03
Con Imperial. 02 03 Seg Belcher.. 05 CO
Con N Y 03 — Sierra Nevada 27 2f>
Crown Point. 13 14 Silver HU1 ..51 53
Eureka Con.. — 50 St Louis .... 11 —
Exchequer... 11 12 Syndicate ... 04 Ort
Gould & Cur. 19 £1 Union Con ..35 37
Hale & Norc. 49 51 Utah 11 12
Lady Wash.. — 04 Yellow Jack.. 31 32
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
100 Andes... 10 ilCO Occidental ... 40
100 Best & Belch. 1 .".5 100 Ophir 135
100 Con Cal & Va 92 SCO Savage ... 14
700 Exchequer ?... llilCOUtah 11
100 Gould & Cur. 20 SCO Tellow Jacket 31
Mornln: Session
BAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
Cisco Stock and Exchange board yesterday:
Mining Stocks.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2000; sheep and lambs,
steady; good to choice wethers, • $3 C(X$i 25;
fair to choice mixed, $2 75@3 60; Western
sheep. $2 25@4; native lambs, $3 75#5 50;
Western lambs, $3 50^5 15.
CHICAGO. Nov. 21.— CATTLE— Receipts,
200; Western nominal; good to prime steers,
$5 10&5 45; poor to medium, $3 50@3 00; stack
ers and feeder*, $2j?4 15; cows, $1 45®4 25;
heifers. $2@4 60; canners. $1 50-3-2 40; bulls,
$2g3 25; calves, $2 5O@7 25; Texas fed steers,
$2 25<§3 75; Western steers, $3<34 60.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 23,000; Monday, 30,
000; steady to 10c lower; mixed and butchers,
$4 15@4 70; good to choice heavy, $4 5O@4 65;
rough heavy, %* 30@4 50; light, $4 45^4 60;
bulk of sales, H 50@4 6a
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. in 100- lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed 5.85c;
Powdered. 5.70c ; Candy Granulated, 6.70c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 6.60c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.60c; Fruit Granulated. 5.60c; Beet Granu
lated (100- lb bags only). 5.40c: Confectioners*
A. 5.60c: Magnolia A. 5.20e; Extra C. 5.10c;
Golden C, 5c; "D," 4.90c; barrels, 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more; boxes. 5Oc more- 50-lb
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. 6.10c; boxes. 6.35c; H. & E. Crystal
Domlnos. 8.50c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
OIL— Linseed. 49c for boiled and 47c for
raw In barrels; cases. 6c more; Castor Oil. in
cases No. 1. 70c: Bakers' AA. $1 1001 12;
Lucol. 44c for boiled and 42c for raw In bar
rels; Lard Oil. exlra winter strained, barrels.
85c; cases, 00c; China Nut. 65@70o per gal
lon; pure Neatsfoot. in barrels, 75c; cases,
SOc; Sperm pure, 75o; Whale Oil, natural
white. C0@ 53c per gallon; Fleh Oil, In barrels.
SOc; cases. 55c; Cocoanut Oil. In barrels. 5Se
for Ceylon, and 55c for Australian.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil in bulk.
ir>>4c; Pearl Oil in cases. 22c; Astral. 22c;
Star. 22c; Extra Star. 26c; Elaine. 29c; Eocene.
25c; deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk, 17c;
in cases. 23%c; Benzine, in bulk. 13c; In cases.
19Hc; SQ-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 21c; In
cases. 27 He.
TURPENTINE — 80c per gallon In cases and
74c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6HO
7c per lb; White Lead, «H07c, according to
quantity. ¦
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5@5Hc; Pan Quentln.
5.55c; Wool Bags, 32035c; Fleece Twine. 7%
fiSc- Cotton Fruit Bags, 6&c, 6%c and 7%c for
the three grades; Brown Jute. 6J4@7&c
COAL — Wellington, $8 per ton;. New Wel
lington. $S: Seattle. $6 50; Bryant, $6 50; Bea
ver Hill $5 50: Standard, $7; Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay, $5 60; Greta, $7: Wallsend. $7: Rich
mond. $7 60; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and
$14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump,
$11 60; Cannel, *S 50 per ton; Coke. $11 60®
13 per' ton in bulk and $15 In sacks: Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 SO per long ton. according to brand.
General Merchandise.
GAME— Mallard Ducks, $2 50@3 per dozen;
Canvasback. $3^5 ; Sprig. $2@2 60; Teal.
$1 50; Widgeon, $1 50; small Ducks, $1 25®
1 60; Gray Geese, $3; White Geese, $1@1 50;
Brant, $1 25 for small and $2 for large;
Honkers, $5 for large and $3 50 for small;
English Snipe, $2 60; common Snloe, $1 50;
Wild Dovea. $1 25: Rabbits, $1 76®2 for Cot
tontails and $1 25 for Brush; Hare, $1 25@
1 60. - ¦: ¦-¦-.'
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. 21 ©24c per lb;
live Turkeys. 19@21o per lb; Geese, per pair.
$1 75©2; Goslings, $2®2 25: Ducks. $4 60®
5 50 per dozen for old and $5 5O?6 50 for
young; Hens, $5©6 for small and $6 50@7- 50
for large; young Roosters. $6@6 50; old
Roosters,. $5#5 50; Fryers. $5iS5 50; Broilers,
$4@4 50 for large and $3 60®4 for small;
Pigeons. $1©1 25 per dozen for old and $2©
2 25 for Squabs.
There was a good demand for Game, but re
ceipts were too heavy for the regular trade to
absorb. Snipe were quoted lower and there
was a general decline in Ducks. -
Two cars of Western Poultry, one of which
was consigned direct to a retailer, were mar
keted, making a total of three cars for the
week. Both Western and domestic stock met
with a continued steady demand and the mar
ket was practically bare at the close. Dressed
Turkeys were in good request and sold at the
previously quoted rates. Receipts were 14
cases, including 8 from Oregon.
Poultry and Game.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery, 16323c; dairy,
14919c. Eggs, firm; 23@26c Cheese, steady;
l&gllc
Articles — ' . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour. bb!s 32.100 9.400
Wheat, bu 314,000 272.600
Corn, bu 151,400 214.3C0
Oats, bu 232.100 81,800
Rye. bu 33,600
Barley, bu 170.100 17.9CO
Local bask clearir^s during the week Just
•fc2*a «-erw J32.040.3C4. against $32>723,2S8 dur
ir,g the same w*>^k last year, showing a <*?-
create of fSSS.O" 1 *. The dearinps during the
corresponding week of 19O1 were $28,014,152.
The Lumber Trade.
Th» TVest Coast ar.d Puget Sound Lum
berman la its monthly review eays: "Th#
pric* cutting far domestic citrgoes on the ccast
is wors* than the ra.!l trade Is enjej-ing, and
taJes ar» being made at less than cost to the
rr.-.U man. Tfco foreign cargo trade is the only
besJtfry branch cf the luir.ber trade at the
jr*ter.t UOa, with the exception of redwood,
Trhich Is, halting up remarkably well. In the '
lower grade* cf other California lumber sales
are be'.ns male nt prises vhich indicate aver
; ruducticn &n-3 anxiety to unload quickly.
Fh:ngtes «J-e still declining. heavy shippers
have recently reduced quotations, and there
tr* mill* reaiy to accept the orders. There is
r.ot much to hope for ur.tll after the new year
comes in. Yard stocks . throughout the East
• re reported very lc>w. and they ehoulfl b«
heavy buyers ler the spring trade.',*
Weather Report.
( 120th Meridian— PaC.fitj Ttae.)
EAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 21. 5 p. ra.
-3^:e foliowlsr are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as ecrciiared with those of the same date
.last seaicr. and rsUnlStll in the last 24 hours:
*•• I«*t This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Ee&son. Season.
Eureka l.OC 13.13
R<m1 EluS 0.60 8.30 10.C8
F&cram^r.tj 0.02 3. CO 3-63
Sa= Francisco 0.15 4.S9 S.6S
Krejr.o 0.00 0.64 2.C7
Iadep*nience 0.00 T. 0.45
San Luis Obiipo O.02 0.44 3.40
I>w Arjreles 6. CO 0.43 2.47
6an Di-»grj 0.00 0.05 2.60
THE COAST RECORD.
stations. I ?§ *§ jrf £2 e
: f g :' : S
". ? '• 1 •
-Baker SO.lS 54 40 JTW RaJa Ti
Careos 30.10 60 44 6W Clcuiiy .10
Eureka SO. 12 64 20 SE Rain 1.03
Ftrallon 30.20 6S 67 S Clear 1.09
Fresno 30. IS 74 S6 FE Pt.ClSy .00
KJagttaJT S<>.30 64 2ft E Clear .00
Independence .30.20 64 44 N Cloudy .00
Lcs Arr»;«s. .20.10 74 64 W Clear .00
lit Tanra:pal*.S0.22 13 51 SW Foggy .63
North Ke&4...30.10 £2 4S S Pt.CMy .14
Phoenix S0.04 78 42 W Clear .00
Pccatello SO.lS £2 SS E Cloudy .00
Portland 30.12 52 42 SE Pt.Cldy .24
Po'.tJ. I>y«..S0.I3 57 M 6 Rain .15
P.eS Blu-r P.O. 12 €S S6 £E Cloudy .60
IloeeburK CO. 16 TA SS NTT Rain 1.10
Facramecto ..:,(}. 20 CS 58 S Cloudy .02
f-a-t Lake. .-...30.24 M SS NW Cloudy .00
fan Francisco.?.*. 20 04 M E Cloudy .1*
6. L. Obl!po..3').l?> 72 ZA NTT Clear .02
fiaa Diego CO. OS 63 IS NW Clear 00
Peattie 30.0*5 64 45 S Clear 37
fpekane 30.12 42 34 S Cloudy .40
Tsfwsh 23.VKJ 12 44 SW Cloudy 1 38
Walla VTalia. .30.15 50 30 6 Cloudy 62
W-.-r.e=:ucca .30.14 EC 42 BW Cloudy 19
Ta-'sa 3.'.C>4 62 50 N Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Tte pressure has rises rapidly daring the
last 24 hours over the ncrthem half ©f the
PaciRe Elope.
The temr>eratnres) have remained alrao«t ata
* tiosary, «xcect In Northern California and
Northern Nevada, where there has beea a rise
of tbout S degrees.
Rain has faiien over Northern California m<j
brsk southerly winds continue from the mouth
cf the Columbia River northward.
Forecast made at San Francisco far 80 Boon
ending midrieht. November 22:
Northern California — Clearing Sunfiay; light
southerly wln<l».
Southern California — Fair Sunday; light
westerly winds.
Nevada — Clacdr, tssetUed weather Stmday;
fooler.
Eaa PVaacisso aaS vicinity — Light shower*
Pusday, probably breaking away during th«
day; light southerly winds: continued warm.
A. G. McADIEv District Forwcaater.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
f.rm; No. 3 spring wheat, 79%®82c; No. 2 red,
83\SS5%c; No. 2 corn. 43%c; No. 2 yellow,
44%c; No. 2 oats, 35%c; No. 3 white, 36%@
S9c; No. 2 rye, 69c; good feeding barley, 37@
3Sc: fair to choice malting, 47©50c: No. 1 flax
seed. 90e; No. 1 Northwestern, »8%c; prime
timothy eeed, ?2 92%; mess pork, per bbl.
$11 27%&11 60; lard, per 100 lbs, $0 77%«>C SO;
short ribs sides (loo?e). $8 75@7; short clear
sides (boxed). f6 5frgt$ 62%; whisky, basis of
high wines, $1 25; clover, contract grade,
$10 65.
There Is no further change- In live or dressed
Meats supplies about balancing the demand.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaugnterer* to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 6®7c for Eteers -and 4%e6c per lb
for Cows. .
VEAL— Large, 7%68%c; «mall, 8%©9%o
Wethers, 7%©8%e; Ewes. 8©3%o
per lb.
LAMB— 9%810c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hojta, 7%©9c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE>-Steers 8@9c; Cows and Heifers.
7©8c; thin Cows. ,4S5c per pound.
CALVES — 4®4%o per pound (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%@4c; Ewes, 3%®3%c
per pound (gross weight).
LAMBS — 4%C5c per lb.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 140 .to 180 lbs, 6%c; over
ISO lbs, 5c; Sows, 20 per cent off; Bears, 60 per
cent off. and Stags 40 per cent fit from abov*
quctations.
Meat Market.
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat. No. 2—
December, new. 80% 80!$ 70% 79^
May 79 79% 78ft • 78%
July. 74% 74% 74% 74^
Corn, No. 2—
December 43% «T4 «3'4 43%
May 42?; 42% 42% 42%
July 42% 42% « 42
. Oats. No. 2 — .
December 35% 85% 83% 35%
May 80% 88% 36 36%
Mess pork, per bbl —
January 11 60 11 60 11 42% 11-' 43
May 1163 1165 1155 11 67}J
Lard, per 100 lbs—
January 6 65 6 67% 6 €2% 6 62%
May 6 C2«4 6 65 6 C2% 6 65
Short ribs, per 100 lbs —
January 6 12% 6 12% 6 07% 6 07%
May 6 22% 6 25 6 17% 6 20
A firm feeling prevailed In the Potato mar
ket with the demand steady and receipts mod
erate. River Burbankg, which constituted ths
bulk "of ths supplies, moved freely, and high
grade offerings were quoted higher. The Ore
gon steamer was due with about 1100 sacks,
but had not arrived up to a late hour, Sweets
were steady and a car of fresh stock cleaned
up quickly at the previously quoted rate.
Trashy stocks of Onions were well cleaned up
and prices of fancy stock had a narrower
range.
< There were moderate receipts of Peas and
Beans from Lcs Angeles and choice lots found
ready sale at good prices. A considerable por
tion of the receipts of Peas came to hand in
poor condition and dragged at the minimum
quotation. Lima Beans were firmer and there
was a scarcity of choice stock. . Tomatoes
continued to sell at a wide range as to quality,
but the market was gradually cleaning up.
The canners were in the market for the first
time in a long while and bought up a large
quantity of poor »tock at 20c per box. Fresh
offerings of Green Peppers did better, as poor
and old stock was cleaned up. Dried Okra
was offering at 12^c per lb, but sold slowly.
POTATOES — Burbank* from the river, «*>
90c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $lgl 43 per ctl;
Oregon Burbanks. iv>c@$l 15 per ctl; River
Reds. C0@75c per ctl; Sweet Potatoes. $1 25
per ctl.
ONIONS— *1 10SI 50 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 2S5c per lb;
String Beans,' 4i36c per lb; Wax, 4g3c:
Lima Beans. 4©5c per lb: Tomatoes, 50cig$l
per box: Summer Squash. $1@1 23 per box for
bay and 75c for Los Angeles; Cabbage. GOc
per ctl; Carrots, 75c per sack; Cucumbers, $1
©1 50 per box for bay and 6&575c for Los
Anereles; Garlic C^Sc per lb: Green PeDpcrs,
3ZQ 50c per box for Chile and 60@75c
for Bell; Egg. Plant. 40@50c per box; Marrow
fat Squash $10®15 per ton; Hubbard, $15@20.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
HIDES AND- SKINS— Culls and brands eell
about 1 VtC undfr quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 9c; medium. 8c; light. 7%c; Cow Hides.
7»ic for. heavy and 7^4c for light; Stags, 5c;
Salted Kip, 9c: Salted .Veal, 10c: Salted Calf.
10Vj311c: dry Hides. 15c; -dry -Kip. 13c; dry
Calf ISc; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25@30c each;
short Wool. 40<2ti0c each; medium. ~<XQ\tQc;
long Wool. $16150 each; Horse Hides, salt.
$2 75 for lartte arid $2S2 50 for medium. $1 25
01 73" for small and 50c for Colts; Har»?
Hides dry, $1 75 foTMarge and $1 50 for me
dium. $1©1 25 ¦ for. small and -50c for Colts.
Buck 'Skins — Drv Mexican. 32e;- dry salted
Mexican, 25c; dry Central American, 32c Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras, 7»Sc: large and smooth.
EOe: medium, 35c: small, 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4%c per lb; No
2, 4c; grease. 2&@3c.
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquln Lambs*. 90
lie; MIdnl* County, ll@12c;- Northern Free,
llSnSe; Northern Defective. 10®llc: Humboldt
and Mendocino. 12®14c; Nevada. 13@15c; Ore-;
gon fine, 18©19c; Otesron medium. 17c. per lb.
HOPS — 19>g22c per lb_ f or California and 100
Z2c for Oregon. :. " ., ...".•'
Hides, Wool, Tallow and Hops.
Pink Beans continue to advance under the
Improved demand already mentioned, but the
other descriptions show no change.
BEANS-Bayos. $2 25@2 40; Pea, $3@3 25;
Rnttprs $3 25; small White, $2 75©3; large
White $23562 60; Pink. $2 40®2 <S0; Red.
$3@3 25; Lima. $2 75®2 93; Rea Kidneys.
$4 23; Blackeye. $2 15©2 33 per ctl; Horse
Be <fEEDS~Brown Mustard. $3: Tellow Mus
tard *" C532 S3; Flax. $1 70@l 80; Canary.
aSsUe for Eastern; Alfalfa, 11814c; .Rape.
jSe^Uc- Timothy. 6€u%c: Hemp. 3%@3Hc
per lb; Millet. 3®3#c; Broom Corn. Seed. $200
Green. $1 8032 ptr ctL
Beans and Seeds.
Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Alma .... " 1 50
ApOllO 42 ....
Associated Trust. Cert 20
Aztec .... i-5
California Standard ' 10
Caribou .......ju... 05 1 00
Central Point Con .......... €0 ....
Chicago Crude 19 21
Claremont .... > . 23 ....
Esperanza .*. 150 ....
Four ........'.. 67 C9
Fulton 4 25
Ulant ... n ... 20
Hanford ..:......... ...130 00 140 00
Home .... fc5 100
i Imperial 18 0O
Independence ;........_. ' U 17
Junction .-"-.' 1.....T lft
Kern • <.... 4 75 SCO
..Kern River ..; 13 IM
Lion 03 04
Monarch (of Arizona) 4.1 ....
Monte Cristo 60 874
Occidental of W. Va. IS
Oil City Petroleum • 27 2*
Peerless ". ..........13 50 14 25
Piusburg 2O
Reed Crude, old issue 40
|S F & McKlttrick 2 75
San Joaquin O. & D 4 0O ....
Senator 63 75
Sovereign 39
Sterling 2 75 2 83
Superior 04 06
Thirty-Three 7 00 S 0O
Toltec 22
Twenty-Eight 4 0O
West Shore 2 90 ....
Miscellaneous —
Abby L. & Imp 1 50
Alameda Sugar .... 2*00
American Biscuit .... 03 00
American District Tel ....
Cal Gas & Electric Corp ....
Cal. Cotton Mills 88 0O
Cal Jockey Club 100 OO
Cal Shipping Co 27 00
Cal. Title Ins. & Trust. 130 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland.... 60 00
Chutes Company .... 8 00
Cypress Lawn Imp Co ,6 50
Fischer's Theater 2 25
Gas Con. Assoc 22 50
Honolulu Sugar 14 50 10 00
Northern Cai. Power .,.. . 9 00
North Shore Railroad .... ....
Orpheum Company 16 23
Pacific Slates Tel & Tel 115 00
Parafflne Paint 33 00 ....
S..F. Dry Dock 47 00
Sanitary Reduction Works.. 1 50 3 00
Sausalito Land and Ferry... 13 00
Sperry Flour Company 27 50 3O*0
Standard Electric IS 00
Tesla Coal Co 32 30
Truckee Electric 13 25 .;..
Union Sugar 22 25 ....
United Gas and Electric... 34 60 ....
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
ICO Independence b 5 13
100 Monarch 50
Street —
700 Monarch 49
200 Home, b 5 1 00
California Stock end Oil Exchange
Bar. k Clearings.
Express Companies—
Adams .'..- .... 220
American ..... .... .... 190
United States ,. 1C0
Wells Fargo....... ..... ..;. ..... 195
Miscellaneous — -'
Ait-bI Copper B.200 . 8S« 8SH' 3K*i
Amer Car & F 200 19% 19S 19%
! Amer C & -F pM .... 67
Amer Lin Oil • .... .... 9
Amer Lin Oil pfd 25
Amer Loco .... . ,13>4
Amer Loco' pM -' ¦ .;.. ..... 76
Amer Smelt & R.. 400 44H 44H 43*4
Amer S 4 Ref pfd. 400, SSH S$H 87
Amer Sugar Ref. . 2,700 117% 117H 11714
Anaconda Mln Co 62
Brooklyn Rap Tran 4.800 SS14 87"4 S^V*
Colo Fuel & Iron.. S00 29 27H 2fi
Columbus & H C 10H
Consolidated Gas.. 400 178 177 ....
General. Electric... 400 163 -163T4 153
Inter Paper 10>-4
Inter Paper pfd A.. 62
Inter Pump 30
Inter Pump pM 6S
National Biscuit .. 100 36 ' B« i«m
National Lead 600 12H 12 13
North American 71
N'or Securities 67
Paclflo Mail 200 .28 '. -26 23
People's Gas 300 93% ' 93% M%
Prwsed Steel Car 27^
Pressed Steel C pfd CSVs
Pullman . Pal Car. 210
Republic Steel 1.000 7% .7 6"*
Republic Ste*l pfd. 3.300 49 47% 47
Rubber Goods 14
Rubber Goods pfd '.. .... 69>4
Ter.n Coal & Iron. 500 2SV. , 2S 2?J4
U 8 Leather COO 7U 7 7^
V S Leather pM " :... .... 76H
V S Rubber .100 9 9 8^
C S Rubber pfd ¦ .'... 36*4
XJ 6-Stecl 15.000 11^4 10% 11
T* S Steel pfd 42.900 52 . 6OH 6lH
Western Union ' .... .... S4V4
Total shares sold.197,000
UNITED RAILROADS OF EAN* FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Nov. 21. — Bond transactions in
United Railroads of San Francisco, 10,000 at
$76 CSV*.
- NEW YORK CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s n?g 106% .Hocking Val 4Hs.lO6*»
U S ref 2s coup.. 106 *4|L & N unl 4s... 9SU
U B Ss rey 107^! Man con gold 4s. 102^
U 8 3s coup 107^ Mexican Cent 4a.. 71«4
V S new ?« reg.,134!4|Mex Cent 1st inc. 14^
U S new Am coop. 134 l i: Minn & St L 4s.. 97
33 S old 4s reg...HOHjMo. Kans & T 4a. ¦.»»'•;
U 8 old 4s coup..H0^- Mo. K & T 2ds... 95H
U S 5m rer- lOlu'Nat R Mex con-Is. 75ft
Uflti coup 101%'N Y C gen Sfts.. &9
Atchison gen 4S..100 N J C gen 5s 129%
Atchlson adj 4s.. S6 T * Nor Pacific 4s... 102
-Atlantic C L 4*.. 92 % Nor Pacifle 3s... 70
Bait & Ohio 4S...100H Kor & W con 4s. 97
Bait & Ohio SUs. 94% Or S Lice 4e & p. 92
Cent cf Ga 5e 103*i Pa" conv 314s fl5%
Cent Ga 1st inc.. 65 Reading gen 4s... 97
Ches & Ohio 4>^s.l01 St L & I M ccn5».110%
Chgo & Alt 3He-- 73 'i ft L & S F fg 4s. $2%
C. B & Q new 4s. 03%! St L Sowestn lsts 93
C M & B Pgen4s.lO9 Eeabord A L 4s.. 12^
C & NW con 7s.. 131 • Southern Pac 4i.. 88
C. R I & P 48... 71% Southern Ry Ss... 112*4
C R I & PcolSs. 74H| Texas & Pac lsu.117%
C.C.C & SLgen4s. 96% Tol. Et L & W4s. 71%
Chgo Term 4s 76 H Union Pacific 4s. .102%
Con Tobacco 4s.. 65*V Union P conv 4s: 94
Colo & So 4s S4V4JU S Steel 2d 5s.. 70
C F * 1 66Vfc Wabaah lsts 113V4"
Den & Rio Gr 4s. 93 Wabash deb B... 56H
Erie prior lien 4a. 98 W & L E 4i «6%
Erie General 4s... S4 Wls Central 4s... 60
F W A DC lste.lOe
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10'Ontarfo ...' 6 00
Alice U Ophir 1 25
Breece 10 Phoenix ..., 07!
Comstock Tunnel.. 07 Potosi 17
Con Cal & Va 90 Savage 12
Horn Silver.. .....1 00 Sierra Nevada...*. 24
Iron Silver 1 95 Small Hopes 15
Leadville Con. 02 Standard 2 00
Little Chief CXJl
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — . I Do prefd 51
Call loans 5^6'Westinrh Com .. 67 :
Time loans 5@6 Mining —
Bonds — ¦ (Adventure 3'4
Atchison 4s ...... 99H!AMouez 4
Mex Cent 4» .... €9 'Amalgamated .... 38H
Railroads— ibaly West 35H
Atchison ....... 64"^;Blngham ./ 21 %
Do prefd 89%jCalumet A Hecla.445
Boston & Albany.243 'Centennial 14«4
Boston Sc Maine. 170 Copper Range •• 42%
Boston L 140 Dominion Coal... 73
N Y N H & H..195 Franklin 7U
Fltchburg pfd ...133 l*le Royale 6U
Union Pacific 72 Mohawk 35H
Mex Central .... ' 8?4 Old Dominion ... 8«4
Miscellaneous — Oeceola 57
Amer Sugar 117^4 'Parrot 17%
Do prefd ..120 Quincy 80
Amer Tel & T.. 125% Tamarack 85
Dem Iron .& S.. 9l*;Trlnlty .... .... 5
Gen Electric ....153 United States .... 17#
Maaa Electric ... 17 Utah 27
Do prefd 78 Victoria 2*4
United Fruit .... 96 Wtnona 7Ji
U S Steel 10?4 Wolverine 65
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols, money .. S8%1N Y Central ....121
Do acct SS 13-16 Nor & Western .. 67%
Anaconaa .... .. 3% Do prefd SS
AtchUon 67% Ontario & Weat.. 21%
Do preM 02*4 Pennsylvania .... 69%
Ealto & Ohio ... 7SH Rand Mines 9%
Canadian Pac ...122>,4 P.eading 21
-Ches tt Ohio ... 31% Do 1st pfd ... 39
Chicago O W .. 1« Do 2<1 pfd .... 29^4
Chi Mil &. Et P.143 Southern Ry .... 19
DeBeers 20% Do prefd .. 78
D & R G 20%; Southern Pac ... 46%
Do prefd C9& Union Pae ...... 75
Erie 2S DopreM S9
Do 1st pfd ... 68*i U 8 Steel ....... 12tf
Do 2d pfd .... 50% Do prefd 64%
Illinois Central ..13* Wabash ; 20
Louis ft Nash ...105 Do prefd 36
Mo Kan & Tex.. 17^4
Bar silver, dull, 27d per ounce. Money, 2%
03% per cent. The rats of discount in the |
open market for short bills is 404 1-16 per
cent and for thre« months' bills S 15-1694 per
cent. . • • ,
CHICAGO. Xov. 21. — While cables were
rather Indifferent to the big advance here yes
terday, a more potent factor in causing lower
prices in the wheat pit wat. the gain in values
in the Northwest. The situation as a whole
remained about the same as for the past few
days, but the local traders who bought yester
day were inclined to secure profits, and, al
though the market was supported by some of
the interests, declining tendencies were no
ticeable. Weather was decidedly favorable, but
receipts in the Northwest continued small.
Trading was principally in the May delivery
end that month was a little firmer than De
cember, closing %c lower at "&%c December
opened lower to He higher at 80Vi®if>%c,
and after selling up to SO T «c the market start -
I ed on the down grade and closed at the bot
i torn at 79Sc, a lo#s of HS%e. I
Corn ruled easier along- with wheat. After
Mlilng between 43%c and 43T4c December
closed *46%c lower at 43%o.
In the absence of support from 4*\e- leading
long, bullish enthusiasm disappeared from the
oats pit, the market slumping along with other
rrains. December closed . %@%c down at
S3Hc.
Provisions were easier on selling by packers
find on lower prices for hogs at the yards.
Some buying by shorts checked the decline.
Pork closed 12H@15c lower, lard was off 7%o
and ribs 7He lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
COTTOLEN'E— One half barrel. 9?»c; three
half barrels, 9&c; one tierce, 9&c; two tierces.
»c;-five llercea. 8%c per lb.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy. 12%c for light medium. 14},e for light.
15%c for' extra light, l$»%c for sugar-cured
and" 20S21 %c for extra sugar-cured: Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 14Hc; California Ham*.
13*ic; Mess Beef. $11 60 per bbl; extra Mess,
$12@12 50; Family.- $13; prime Mess Pork, $1S;
extra clear. f24; Mess. $10; Dry Salted -Pork.
12c; Pie Pork. $28; Flga' Feet. $5 26; Smoked
!^>ef, 15c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and 9c for pure; half barrels, pure.
SViC; 10-lb tins, 9%c; 5-l!> tins. 0",c; 3-lb tics,
10c.
Chicago was lower, with recelots of Hcgs
larger than expected, which caused some sell
ing. ¦* Stocks of meats are light and^the dis
tributive demand is good, but speculative
operations are small. . , ' ¦ - • -
This market continues quiet and featureless.
Provisions.
Receipts cf Hay are very light during "the
present rainy weather, but as the demand is
correspondingly light prices show no change.
Feedstuffs remain as before.
BRAN— $20G>21 per ton. '
MIDDLINGS— $2WJ28 per ton.
SHORTS — $20@21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $24 50<g23
per ton- Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26®26 50:
jobbing J27^27 50; Cocoanut Cake. $21@22;
Corn Meal. $30031: Cracked Corn, $30 Sfrff
31 50- Mixed Feed, $22 50@23 60; Horse Beans.
$14916 50; Wheat and Oat.
$13 50@16 50; Oat. $13©15; Wild Oat. $11 50-^
13 50; Barley, $U@13; Stock. $10011; Alfalfa.
$10012 50 per ton.
STRAW — 40®65c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
But there are several hundred thous
and acres of forest land of the greatest
value for protective purposes. Indeed,
so great is the importance of these for
ests that on their preservation depends
the existence of the sugar Industry, and
that is equivalent to saying the con
tinued prosperity of the islands. The
sugar exports of the last fiscal year
amounted to $25,000,000, and sugar is
practically the only export. The rais
ing of sugar requires an enormous
amount of water, nearly all of which
must be supplied by irrigation, the
water being carried in flumes and
ditches from the vret, mountainous
parts of the islands to the dry plains
on which the sugar cane is grown. The
rainfall of the Islands Is nearly all con
fined to the northeast and east moun
tain slopes, where it is tremendously
heavy, some years * more than 200
inches. On the other side of the divide,
and in the plains beyond, where the
sugar cane grows, there may be no
more than 15 inches of rain a year.
The forests are largely confined to
the rainy side of the mountains, and
are necessary as a protective cover, to
keep the ground from washing from
the slopes and the rain from rushing
back too rapidly into the sea. The
presence of the forest cover, since It
makes the stream flow regular, pre
venting both floods and periods of low
stream flj*w, Is indispensable to the
success of Irrigating projects. The
value of this forest, strangely enough,
consists not so much in the trees it
contains— for they are frequently low.
crooked, and sparsely scattered— as In
the Impenetrable mass of undergrowth
beneath them. This undergrowth, com
posed of vines, ferns and mosses, is of
so dense a character that it shades the
ground absolutely and holds water like
a sponge.- It is. however, exceedingly
delicate and easily destroyed. Let cat
tle into such a forest and they will
speedily eat or trample down the un
dergrowth till the bare ground Is ex
posed. | The soil then rapidly dries out
and "becomes hard, and the trees soon
die.- Grasses, insects and wind usually
hasten the destruction. Cattle and
goats have ravaged the Hawaiian for
ests without hindrance for many years
and have worked further each year
into the heart of the dense tropical
growth.
The Hawaiian public lands consist of
1,772,640 acres. AU of these lands,
which are in forest, and many forest
areas privately owned which the Gov
ernment can gain possession of by ex
change*, will be put into forest reserves,
cleared of cattle and goats, fenced, and
preserved. Some' compensation must
also be made for the great areas of for
est already destroyed. It will be part
of the work of the forester to plant to
valuable trees large areas of this de
nuded land upon which forests are of
most vital importance to the agricul
tural Interests. Mr. Hall, who care
fully examined the climatic conditions,
believes that species of the Pacific
Coast, such as redwooi and red fir will
do well In most places at the higher
elevations on the islands. An example
of how a foreign species may succeed
In Hawaii Is furnished by the mesquite
of our own Southwest, which was in
troduced Into the islands some 50 years
ago and now covers about 100,000 acres,
furnishing quantities of valuable fuel.
It is not called mesquite in Hawaii,
however, but goes by the name of
algoba. ' , -¦ : '-'-"
The forest conditions of the islands
are unlike any that prevail in this
country. Mr. William I* Hall of the
Bureau of Forestry, who has just re
turned from a two months' examina
tion of the islands, reports peculiar and
interesting problems which forestry
must solve there. Ths islands contain
scarcely any forests capable of yield
ing timber of value for lumber. Nearly
all the lumber used for building pur
poses comes from the Pacific Coast.
The Territorial Government of the
Hawaiian Islands will appoint as su
perintendent of forestry this winter a
man furnished it by the Bureau of
Forestry, who will take charge of Im
portant projects for the betterment cf
the islands' forests. The man appoint
ed will have the responsibilities first of
determining the location and the
boundaries of a system of forest re
serves, and later of superintending a
great deal of forest planting both on
public and private lands.
Peculiar Conditions With. Which, the
Forester Must
Deal.
DESTRUCTION OF HAWAII'S
FORESTS IS A MENACE
A combination of~* number of the leading
mills which turn out cereal products is re
ported. Otherwise there is nothing new under
this head.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, S4 60^
4 85 usual terms: Bakers' Extras. $4 50@4 6t>;
Oregon and Washington, $3 OOS-4 20 per bbl for
Family and S3 00©4 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as fol
lows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour, $3 25; Rye Meal, *3; Rice Flour. $7;
Corn Meal. $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour ?4 50«H 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats' bbls $7 25®S 60; in sacks. (6 75@3 10;
Pearl Barley, 5ti: Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour' and ' Millstuffs.
'Local bank clearings fall slightly behind last year.
Wall-street stocks close the week rather easier, f? •< f ' / :
Local stocks and bonds very 'quiet.. ; ., : .
Silver and domestic ExcJumge declined. ¦/--
Wheat futures lower, and Barley futures higher.
'Nothing new in Oats, Com and Rye.' w> ~"
Bear. s end Seeds still quiet, with little variation: \ \
Weather still operating against the Hay -market. >• . .
Feed end Millstuffs selling at previous quotations.
Butter depressed, with a decline expected this week. J~-\
Eggs still scarce and high. Cheese dull and weak.
Nuts, Raisins and Dried Fruits inactive and easy.
Provision market still lacking in life and firmness.
Wool, Hops and Hides unchanged.
Supplies of Cattle, SJicep and Hogs still sufficient, i
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables steady and cleaning up.
Game in "heavy receipt, with Ducks lower."
Poultry market well cleaned up at the close.
Fresh Fruit active in spite of the-wei weather.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
WOOL — Firm. Dome«tlo fleece. 28332c.
SUGAR — Raw, firm; fair refining, BVic; cen
trifugal. 96 te«t. 8%c; molaraes sugar, 3c. Ra
flned, quiet; No. C, 4.30c; No. 7, 4.25c: No. 8,
4.20c: No. 9. 4.15o; No. 10. 4.10o; No. 11. 4.05c;
No. 12, 4o; No. 13, 3.95o: No. 14, 3.90o; confec
tioners' A, 4.55c; mould A. 4.95o; cut "loaf,
O.SCci crushed. 5.30c; powdered. 4.80c; granu
lated. 4.70c; cube*. 4.05c
COFFEE— Spot Rto, steady; No. 7, 6o; mild, i
steady; Cordova, 7%©12V4c. .
. Coffee futures closed steady "at unchanged
prices to an advance of 10 points. Sales,
11,000 bags/ including: December, 6.15c;
March, 6.S0©3.85c: May. 6c ;- July. ,8.06® 6.10c
• • : ,. DRIED FRUITS. i-'
EVAPORATED APPLES— The . market con
tinues easy.- Common are quoted at 4@5c;
prime at 6HG3%c; choice at 6@6Kc and fancy
at 7c.
¦ PRUNES — Are rather lees In demand again
and rule quiet, with quotations ranging from
2&esi^e for all grades. -•
APRICOTS — Are moving slowly. Choice are
quoted at 9US8V4c; extra choice at 10@10V4c
and fancy at lH315c. ' ¦
PEACHES— Dull, with choice quoted«at 7%
67%c ¦ v ;
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— ' -' Dec. March. May.
Opening 6 5>4 6 4^4 « 2»i
iOoslngr... .6 5ft 8 4H 6 2»i
PARIS.
Wheat — Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening 21 00 20 95
Closings 2100 ' 20 85
Flour —
Opening 29 65 28 40
Closing .29 25 23 40
- With the exception of Walnuts everything
under this head continues quiet and easy.
Raisins and Prunes being especially dull.
The steamer Colon took out for Europe 450,
6S1 lbs Prunes, valued at $10,123.
FRUIT— Apricots, 7gS%c for Royals and 0Q
lie for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4©5^c;
sun-dried. 3Va@4c; Peaches. 4^@6We; peare,
OglOc; Nectarines, 4fi5Hc; Figs, white, 4S4*jc
in boxes; black, 4&c; Plums, pitted, 6@9c per
pound; * . - "
PRUNES— 1803 crop. 2H02%o for the four
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices. Fresrao. for 1903
crop: 60-lb boxes-^-Loose Muscatel. 2-crown.
5%c.per lb; 3-crowa, ,5%c; 4-crown. 6%c; Seed
l»ss - Muscatels, 4V4c; do floated, 4^c; on
bleached SulUna*. 4%c; Thompson's Seedless.
5V.e. London Layers — 2-crown, $1 25; 3-crown,
$r35;' 4-crown clusters, $2; 5-crown Dehesas,
$2 50; C-crown Imperials, $3; Malaga Loose. 2
crown. Gc per lb: do. 3-crown. 6%c; Valencia
Cured, 4 He;- Pacific do, 3%c; Oriental do, 2%c.
Seeded Ra»slcs-rl6-oz packages, fancy. So per
lb; choice. 7%c; 12-oz packages, fancy. 6%c;
choice. C%c; in bulk, fancy. 7%c; choice, 7%e.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 13%©Mc:
No. 2, im@12c; No. 1 hardshell, lS®13ftc:
No. 2. U@llHc; Almonds, Uo for Nonpareils.
lOHc for I X L, lO&c for Ne Pius Ultra and
S%c for Lansuedoc: Peanuts. e@7c for East
ern: Pecann. ll©13c: Cocoanuts. $4 50@6: Cali
fornia Chestnuts. 8@10c per lb, and ll@12%e
for Italian. . - ' - '- - -
HONEY— Comb. 11613c for white and 9©10c
for amber; water white extracted. 5@5Hc; light
amber extracted. 4Vi@5c; dark. 3ij©4c
BEESWAX— 27028c per lb.
Dried Fruits fluts, Raisins, Honey
Open. High.- Low. Close.
December ..»X 10 1110 fl 09%- $1 10
May .... . . . .1 0'M 1 07^4 • .1 07. 1 C7
OATS— Rule quiet and steady^ with seed lots
In fair demand and feed Inactive. Prices are
unchanged. '-. '• • ¦ " '"'¦>. '
Whit* $1 20«l 30; Black. $1 4031 60- Red.
$1 10@l 22% for feed and $1 25'gl 85 for seed;
Gray. npminal;'none here.
CORN — Is still inactive and easy, with prices
slowly settlinff to a lower plane.
Western sacked. $1 27 30 for Yellow.
SI 30 for White and $1 2&gl 27V» for mixed;
California large Yellow, |1 30>Ql 35; smau
round, do, *1 4O31 CO; White. $1 25<gl 30 per
C RYE— Inactive at $1 25S1 SO per ctti
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25^2 60 per ctl. ' >:
Feed, tl 10© 1 13% ; Shipping and Brew
ing «ll7Vi@I-£2Vi; Chevalier. $1 203 1 43 for
«*>¦*•»?•¦ ruTUR-a.; gft?i
Session 9 to ll:S0 a. m. .'
CASH BARLET.
g - BARLEY — Futures continued to - advance I In
spite * of - the "rain, but cash quotations showed
no particular variation excent for lower grades
of Feed, which were fractionally lower.
CITRUS FRUITS— Valencia Oranges. $2#
8 50 per box: Navels, $2@3 23; Seedlings. |2;
Lemons, |1®2 50 per box; Grape Fruit,
II 50@2 60; . Mexican Limes. $4@5; Bananas,
$1 25@1 76 per bunch for Hawaiian and $2 50
63 for Central American; Pineapples, |2 50®
3 50 per dozen.
GRAPES — lOSeOc for small boxes, 63c$91
for crate* and 75c@$l 50 for ¦ lar^a- open
boxes. • •
POMEGRANATES — 75©S5o for; small boxes
and $1 5062 60 for large.
PERSIMMONS — 60@90o per b«.
H C4S 514S.101 — S E G&R 5s. — 10©H
H C & 8 5s. — 100 SF & SJV5s.ll« 117
Hon R T 6s.lO*H10« S R of C 6a.ll2H —
L A Elec 5s.l04%105% 8 P of A 6a-
L A Ry 5S..112 113fc (1900) .•••¦ 107^ 1 S!«
LALCofo. — — (1910) ....lOS^lCSH
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s ,„„.„„
Do gtd 5s. — 104 <1906)Sr A.102S1C3U
LAP lem 5B.100 — (1905)Sr B.103?»10t
Mkt-st C 68.113 — "O»W) ....'— 105
Do lem 5s. — 114 (1912) ....114%114*i
NRR of C6s.lWH41O7^ SPC 1 eg 5». — —
Do 5s 114%115U Do stmpd — 107
N P C R 5s. — 107 5PBR&- |M
NCR 5s. .100 — S V W 6s. 106t»
NCPC5». — — Do 4s 2dm. 9SH W>
N S R R 53. — 85 Do 4s 3dm. 97»* 09
O O L H 5s.lO7 — Stkn G&ESs. — 102»»
O TCoC> v - 113 U G & E 5s. — —
WATER i STOCKS.
Contra Costa S9% 42 [Port Costa... — —
Marln Co ... 61 — |Sp V W Co. 30** 40
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 4 4% S F G & E. 60U GHJ
Mutual EL. 9% — S F Gas L. . 3 —
Pac O Im... 55 65% Stkn G A E. 5 —
Pac L Co... 65% — U G & E... — —
Eao E G&R. — . —
¦ ~ 'TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
8 F G A B. 69% 69% • .'-
INSURANCE.
FIrem's Fnd.320 —
.BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Bk. — 125 L P A A... — 170
Anglo-Cal ..84 Mer Trust... 230 250
Bank Of Cal. 451 *$4C0 Mercb- Ex... — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 152H S F Nationl — —
First NaUonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger 8 A L.. — 2300 Sav A'L So. 95 100
Hum 3 A L. — — Sec Sar Bk.400 500
Mutual Sav. 100 — Union T Co.. — —
S F Eav U..600 — '
; STREET RAILROADS.
California, .. — 205 iPresidlo' S994 —
Geary — 80 1
'- . - . POWDER.
Giant 65 67}i/Vlgorit — 4%
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. — SOc Kilauea 3 C. — 6
Hawaiian C. 43 45 Makaweli C. — 24
Honokaa S C 12% 13U Onomea, S C. — 32
Hutch S P C 10 10U raauhau S C 14^ lM-i
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. — — Oceanic S C. — 6H
Cal Fruit Co. 92^4 93 Pac A F ... 4 5
Cal Wino As. 61 91 «i Pao C Bon. 167 —
Morning Session.
¦ ¦ Board — -
280 S F Gas A ETectric Co.... 69 25
10O Spring Valley Water Co 8© 87
' ICO Trustees' Certificates (S F G 4 E) 69 00
25 Trustee*' Certificates (S F G A E) 68 25
Street —
10 Hutchinson S P Co 10 CO
THE SAN FKA^OISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1903.
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
8ATURDAT. *Nov. 21— 12 m.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
• : - UNITED STATES " BONDS. -.
- Bid. Ask.) . Bid. Ask.
4s or coup.MlOHlllVl *a qr cp new. 134 *£ 133V*
4s qr reg...'.lJ0%lll3l3fl qr coup.. 107^108%
« qr MrscE £k ANEO Tj 3 BONDS. - . :•
Ala A W 5s. — — ' Doos ....106H — -
Bay CFC 5s. — 103*4 Do con 5a. — 105".
Cal CO 56.105% — O WV G ? 5s. — 87
Cal C &-E g - , Oceanic S 6a." — , 75
m & ct 5s. — 102« Oc C R 6S..120 123 _
Cal-st 5s ... — Pac G Im 4s — 97
C C Wat 6s. — 100 P,B Ry> 5s.lO8H10S
E L A P Cs.120 — P AC H 6s. — ¦ —
F & C H 6s. — 117 P & O R-6B.U6U120-"
Geary-st 5s. 45 . 80 =*- PoweU-st 6a.ll.1U —
A world's record for an undertaker
was possibly made this week by B. E.
Mason of Chrome, a small town near
the Mason and Dixon line. He was
called "upon to bury three persons whose
combined ages were 307 years 1 month
and 16 days. They were Miss Lydla
Woodrow, near here, 100 years 6 months
and 4 days old: Mrs. Caleb Bradson.
near .Barnsley, Pa.. 102 years 7 months
and 11 days old. and Mrs. . Ann Kirk,
near Blue Ball. 104 years old. All the
women were Marylanders by birth.—
Philadelphia North American.
Notable Funerals.
The sensation of hunger has not been
easy to explain. 'The new theory of a
German physician is that It is due to
emptiness of the b!oo,d vessels of the
Btomach, and it is pointed out that hun
ger is appeased with the rush of blood
to the stomach following the taking of
food and beginning of digestion. In
many anaemic persons, who have no
appetite wbAn the stomach Is empty,
the blood vessels of the stomach are
really congested Instead of being
empty. " Lack of blood in the stomach
in health acts on a special nerve, which
is a branch of the same nerve trunk as
the nerves of the mouth and tongue. A
stimulus applied to the tongue,' as by
a spice, thus increases appetite, while
disease affecting the nerves of "the
tongue may produce Ios3 of appetite
even when the stomach i3 empty. — New
York Commercial Advertiser.
Feeling Hungry.
The week closed with quiet markets on all
the exchanges, 'and prices showed no notewor
thy-variation. '
Sales on ¦ the California Exchange last week
were 12,721 shares, valued at $6258, 1 the lead
ing sales being as . follows : Associated Oil.
770 shares: Associated Oil, bonds. $1400; Home
Oil 1050 shares; Independence, 3550; Monarch,
2SO0; Oil City, 1000; Caribou, 600; Superior,
BOO.'.-' ¦•Ji •'¦-¦¦"¦¦¦¦ : ¦ . !
¦ Caribou Oil Company ha* levied assessment
No 5 of 10c per share, amounting to $8000. de
linquent on the board December 20.
Linda Vista Oil has levied an assessment of
2o and ' Sunset Oil one of 5c. .
Despite the rajny . weather the fruit market
was quite active in the morning on -local ac
count as retailers , were purchasing freely for
the Sunday trade. Choice offerings . of table
Grapes packed In crates were In demand f or
shipment on the Puget Sound steamer, put.
to-day, and prices ranged higher. The Tokay
and Cornlchon varieties sold for shipping ac
count at 83c@$l per crate, while Verdela
ranged from 65c to 1 75c. Email boxes arrived
freely from Santa Cruz and as a portion of
the , receipts showed the effects of the rain
prices had a wider « range. Receipts of large
boxes from Martinez were Wry light, but the
market was liberally supplied with Friday's
belated arrivals, which moved off well. There
were light arrivals of Strawberries and Rasp
berries, which cleaned up quickly at advanced
prices. There was a good demand for Apples
and * Pears ': and prices were ' well sustained.
Quinces were firmer i under decreased receipts
and Persimmons and Pomegranates were steady
at previous prices. "
New ' crop Oranges - and Grape Fruit , were
offering freely,' but moved slowly as the fruit
lacked * color. There were a ! few / scattering
lots of weir colored Navels, offering, which
sold In a peddling way ', at |4 per box. Pine
apples I from Mexico.' ex-steamer," were, offering
and found quick sale at Improved prices.
' - STRAWBERRIES-rLongworths, ¦'. $10<gi2 v per
chest; . large < berries. per chest for
Malindas and $&SS for othe'r varieties.
RASPBERRIES— 48-S 10. per- chest.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod," $11@I1 50; Jer
seys. $ 10010 75 per bbl; Coca Bay. $2 50@3
per. box.- " .,; -'_-'.. .. ¦ _-. * '¦ ¦¦¦.'..."' -
APPLES— Fancy Spltienbergs, $2 25 per box
for ... Oregon v and .¦ - 91 C021 - 75 ¦¦ for California;
other varieties, « $1® 1 25 for • fancy. . 75©S5c for
choice and 25© SOc for common; Christmas Ap
ples,. II 50®2 50. -r-: :.:,-•.<.-.„ - ; ¦ -;.:;:... i»-:.v;
¦ PEARS— $1 25©1. 60 per box for, fancy Win
ter, Nellla and. 60@75c for other varieties. "
QUINCES— 50® 75c per, box. /- . . ¦ r ,
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
43
AUCTION SALES
SALE EXTRAORDINARY
.--/ARCADE HOUSU MARTTgT.
027 SIXTH ST.
WEDNESDAY. Not. 23. at 11 s. m.
By order of Overland Freight and Transfer
1 Company I will sell 6 pairs of condemned
f Horses and Mares, weighing from 1200 to 160O
lbs. This la a rare chance for farmers and
those - wanting good work horses and brood
mares at their own price. Also I wtU sail 1
Phaeton. 1 Coal Wagon. 1 Farm Wagon. 10
Sets of Harness. Everything must b« as rep-
resented or money refunded. Horsea can be
seen at our stables any tlmo beforo sala^
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
J££> t^» &*
A LOT OF LARGE CHEAP MOM AND
HORSES will be sold at auction, along with
a large assortment of wagons, surreys, buggies
and harness at 1140 Folsom st.. Tuesday. No-
vember 24. 11 a. ra. __^_^_THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1903.
44
LYON & HOAG,
- . 116 MONTGOMERT ST.
Send for our printed list of property for sale
In all sections of the city.
m A GOOD INVESTMENT.
$9,500—2 swell flats on Union at, containing.
7 and 8 rooms; rent $80; best portion of
the street; commands a good marine
view
ANOTHER BARGAIN IN FLATS.
$7,500— Rents $65; 2 flats in the Western Ad-
dition. Inside of Fillmore st. ; lot 30x100.
¦ A SACRIFICE. '
$1,850 — Bay-window cottage on 25th stt. be-
tween Dolores and Church; 6 rooms and
bath; lot 26x114.
, A HANDSOME NEW HOME.
$5,500 — 25th ' st.. near Guerrero; contains 8
large, aunny rooms; all the latest con--
venlenceg; key lot. 25x100: this house
was built for a home and no expense
was spared; best residence eectlon of the
THREE . ACRES. ~i}~\ \
$4,500— 19th-ave. boulevard, close to th« In-
gleslde electric cars; a flne tract, sur-
rounded by beautiful evergreen trees; a
good spot for a resort. .
A flne large corner, 100x200. for $2000; corner
of the Corbett and Trocadero roads; a
etone's throw from Inrleside electric
cars; beautifully wooded. I •
A GOOD SPECULATION.
$22,000— Almost a 50-vara lot on Sansome et.
2 blocks from the water front: present
. Improvements rent for $135; change of
grades and the building of tunnels as
contemplated under the bond Issue will
certainly increase the value of this prop-
erty 100 per cent . _,«...»-
NORTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$8,200— Business corner north of and close to
Market at: lot 27:6x104: etore and flat;
strictly modern; rent $70; actual value
$9000. _,
A SNAP— MISSION FLATS.
$3,500— Hartford at., near Castro and 18th st.
cars; 2 flats, 4 and 6 rooma and bath;
all modern lmprovemenU; rents $34; lot
MUST SOLD— MISSION RESIDENCE.
$2,400— 22d at., near Castro-et. cars; cottage
of 6 rooms and bath; high basement;
$500 cash $25 monthly; submit offers.
INSIDE INVESTMENT.
$10,250— Near Bush and Powell; 8 flats. 7. 5
and 0 rooms and .bath; rent $95; lot
83-feet front _ , ,_ __
ELEGANT FLATS ON ELLIS ST.
•17,000— Rent $130; 3 substantially-built flata
on part of lot which has double front-
age; the rear portion Is unimproved.
POLK-ST. PROPERTY.
$8,750— Contains 4 rooms and bath; also sta-
ble; good size lot. _._
PAYS ALMOST 12 PER ¦JpBNT.
$6,000— Perry st.. close to Harrison and sa.
A 4 BARGAIN SOUTH OF MARKET.
$8,000— Bryant st.. near 3d; 4 flats; large lot;
, almost 50-f<Jot front: runs through to
rear street; rents very low at $t>u.
NBW TWO-STORT HOUSES NEAR THE
PARK. ON EASY TERMS. .
$8,600 each-Handaome new residences con-
taining 8 rooms and bath each, on
Shrader St.. near Carl; houses are ex-
ceptionally well arranged and have hard-
wood-finished paneled dining rooms and
beamed ceilings; plenty of light and
sun; good car service; this price Includes
street work. & gg^s
116 Montgomery st
MADISON A BURKE. VUi££a
REAL BSTATE AGENTS,
ESTABLISHED JANUARY. 1858.
80 Montgomery st Opposite Lick Houae
$19,000— Devlsadero at.; ators and flats; lot 80x
82:6; new building; rent $150.
134,000 — Fine business corner on Devlsadero
at.; rent $2400 per annum and tenanta
make all repairs and pay water extra;
lot 50x100 feet.
$5,500 — Sacramento at., near Fillmore; 10-
room house, very sunny; this is very
cheap and is in good order.
$12,000— Post at; two large, well constructed
houses; very • large lot.
Fillmore at. corner of Geary; 185 feet on
Oeary and 137:6 feet on Fillmore; the
' largest and finest corner on the market
on any business street; $40,000; call for
particulars.
Jackson st, BO-vara lot. corner'Lyon; an ele-
gant, alghtly building location: com-
mands grand, unobstructed view and
best neighborhood In city; only $30,000.
FINE LOCATION FOR PHYSICIAN.
$11,000 — Sutter st., near a transfer corner; 10-
room residence In flne condition; large
lot, 27:6x137:6 feet.
$8,000 — To close an estate; Dolores st, near
Sixteenth; 8 houses: rents $60; large lot;
must sell Immediately; call for particu-
lars. ....
LOTS "
$10,800— Jackson st.; 50-vara lot In the Pre-
sidio Heights district.
$4,200— Steiner st, near O'Farrell; 25x109:0.
$2,500 — Lota on Larkin at', near Broadway;
$100 ser foot.'
Choice residence lots ' on Sutter, Post and
Stener sts.. in sizes to suit.
Building lots, NE. corner Golden Gate ave. and
Baker st, In sizes to suit; prices from
$2000 upward.
$1,500 — Snap; NE. corner Sanchez and Valley
sts.; 26:6x100. \
MADISON & BURKE,
80 Montgomery st, opp. Lick House.
A. J. RICH & CO.. Real Estate Agents,-
112 MONTGOMERY STREET.
$100,000.
Sutter street corner; 137:6 frontage; the very
best Investment on this street. '
$210,000.
' Grant avenue, near Market; 40 feet* front;'
a .rare opportunity for a down town invest-
ment.
$38,000 — Jackson street; four new. grand apart-
ments; rented for $4,000. per year; lot
60x137:6.
$32,600 — McAllister street, ¦ near- Laguna; 6
modern flats; rents $215 per month; lot
60x137:6.
$30,000 — Northeast corner of - Sacramento and
Hyde; large lot, 68:9x97; grand alte
for an apartment house.
$19,000 — Bush street, near Webster; three new
modern Improved flats; well rented;
under lease; lot 27:6x137:6. . ,
$17,000 — Harrison street corner; 56x100, near
Sixth street; . paying . a flne income on
the asking price.
$10,600— Northwest Jackson and Baker; 40x
128; magnificent lot for building either
a residence or flats.
' $8,700 — Fell street; modern ! residence, . near
Aehbury; facing Panhandle and Park.
$8, 6E5 — Jackson ¦ street ; corner lot ; 37 : 6x
127:8%; overlooking Presidio; com-
mands a flne marine view; "one-quarter
cash. • . '
$6,500 — Larkin street; flne modern ' cottage ;
houre; near Washington; large lot 29x
137:6; open, to an offer. ' . ¦
$3,500 — Scott street; near McAllister; lot 25x
¦ 112:6; street work. done.
$3,250— Scott street; flne lot for flats; near
McAllister street; 25x87:6;, key lot
$3,250— Fell street; lot 25x137:6; near Devisa-
« dero.
$2,100— Pierce street lots; 25x100 . each; be-
tween Vallejo and Green; one-quarter
cash. ¦ '
$1,900 — Hayes street lots; near Masonic ave. ;
easy paymenta.
A. J. RICH & CO. ¦¦'¦'¦ r
' . 112 Montgomery Street.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
- Never Before Were Lots Sold so Faat!
Why? Because they are choicest and cheapest
$500 to $1200— Every lot graded for building;
fronting boulevard, -park,, ocean and cars; un-
obstructed ocean view from, every lot; don't
miss this opportunity for bargains; see them
to-day; eaay terma. ;
$75 to $300— Near park : and ocean; $5
monthly.
Oceanslde Branch Office on 49th ave..'' and K
at Open Sundays. ,., V- - v ,
$500 to $1000— New lota in Sunaet District;
graded and sewered; near cars; $10 monthly.
Sunset Branch Office on 9th ave.; Near H it
$150, $200 and $300— Level Excelsior Home-
stead lota; near electric cars; $5 monthly.
$1000. $1500, $3500 1 and $5000—*. B," 6 and 8
room modern cottagea and -houses in Sunset
Richmond. Oceanslde and • Excelsior Home-
atead! All bargains'. Easy terms. - ;:
. 6OL GETZ & SON. Owners and Dealers.
Room 64, Chronicle Building. .
, POINT RICHMOND LOTS.
BEST REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TO-DAT
GET . IN BEFORE THE RAISE.
SANTA FE TRACT IS THE BEST.
LOTS LEVEL. . $5 PER MONTH. ,
STREETS GRADED: BITUMEN SIDEWALK8.
McEWEN BROS., 118 ' MONTGOMERT- ST. :
SOLE AGENTS. . .'.
JOSEPH STRAUB, 630 Market st. ¦ •
$2100— Cor. Twenty-flfth and Wisconsin ats.:
new . cottage . of 4 : rooms, = bath and ' baaement ;
good location for grocery; $300 down, $15 month.
« $1,50— Fine new cottage of ,4. rooms,- bath and
basement; $300 down,, $15 a' month: AVUconaln
•t, near Twenty-flfta. r~
!lg^ M ESTATE---CITY.-- FOR^ SALE.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.,
C. M. WOOSTER CO..
C. M. WOOSTER CO..
048 Market at.
$18,500 — 3 magnificent modern flats finished In
the latest up-to-date modern style; welt
built; 9 to 11 rooms and bath, social
hall, etc.: rents $1920 per annum: on
Ellis st., close to Van Ness ave.; lot
25x137:6. .
$4,000— Rents $540; large house of 15 rooms
and rear flats, on Clementina St., near
2d; lot 25xS0. This is in the downtown
district nnd the lot alone is worth the
asking Trice.
$3,100— 2-story residence, 8 rooms and bath;
rent $300; near ISth and Noe sts.; lot
25x80. ¦
$2,500—2 flats and a rear eottasre on Zoe st,
near Bryant: rents $276.
510,250-^Grand corner on 7th st, near new
rxistofflce: 55x80.
$3,500 — Handsome Mission residence; 6 rooms
and bath; on 15th st., near Howard, j
$20,000— Lot 50x80. on 3d st.
$13,500 — 3 elegant new modern fiats of 6-7-7
rooms «nd bath, on Buchanan St., near
* Pine: rents low ?1350: lot 25x110.
$3,500— Rents S180; 3 well built flats of 4-5-6
rooms: brick foundation, etc.; near 26th;
always rented: lot 25x85. A snap.
$3,000 — Handsome residence, 6 rooms and
bath: In solendid condition; on Lexing-
ton ave., near 20th.
$65,000 — Golden Gate ave.. vory close to Mar-
ket St.: C8:9xl37:6; erand "site for an,
automobile reriosltory.
$6,750 — 2 new modern flats half a. block from
' Duboce Park; Just completed; rents $690.
$12,000 — 3 modern residences In first class con-
dition, on Guerrero st, near 17th;
should be converted into flats; rents
$1080: lot 50x80.
$3,100— Cozy cottage. 5 rooma and bath; with
stable in rear for three horses; on Capp
St.; runs to rear street..
$26,000 — 3 new modern flats on O'Farrell st.,
close to Larkin: lot 27:6x120. to rear
street; rents $2280.
$6,750 — Handsome, modern, 2-story bay win-
dow residence: 7 rooms and bath; on
Octavia st., near Broadway; lot 25x137:6.
fl.800— $300 cash, balance very eaay; modern
well built cottage, 4 rooma, bath, etc.;
in Al condition; near 29th and Sanchez
sts. ; lot 25x114.
$10,000 — 4 new, elegant, modern,' up-to-date
flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath each;
all rented; paying over 1 per cent per
month; fronts 85 feet; in the best part
of the Mission; on electrlo car line;
mortgage of $6000 at 6 per cent can re-
main.
$12,000 — 2 modern residences on the best
part of Steiner st. ; rents $1200; the lot
alone, 66:6x110, is worth the asking
price.
$22,500— Double apartment house of 21 rooms;
4 flats on rear street: lot . 41:3x120;
north side of Golden Gate ave., near
Van Ness.
$3,100 — 2 new modern flats of 4 and 6 rooms
and bath each; new plumbing; flne con-
dition; rents $372; on Glover St., near
Leavenworth.
$9,000 — Make offer; 3 new flats on Post at,
well built: all the latest new modern,
' artistic ideas; rents very low $1035; lot
25x137:6.
$20,500 — 6 modern, up-to-date flats, artistically
planned and finished, well built; on a
Masonic ave. northwest corner; grand
lot 36x118:9: only partially improved;
present extremely low rents pay $2040.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648 Market at
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANT,
613 CALIFORNIA ST.
SUTTER-ST. APARTMENT SITE.
$26,000 — 35x120: Sutter St., near Larkin, run-
ning throuch to Fern ave. ; in the best retail
locality of the Western Addition; $100,000
apartment house in course of construction ad-
joining.
/ ELLIS-ST. FLATS.
' $18,500—25x137:6; 3 new flats, Ellis st, near
Franklin, containing 9, 10 and 11 rooms; rent
$145. •
CORNER POLK AND LOMBARD STS.
$6000 — 60x68:9; old improvements; renting for
$30 per month;. rapidly growing locality.
COR. JACKSON ST. AND CENTRAL AVE.
$16,000 — 81:2x127:8)4; unobstructable marine
view. •
UNION-ST. BUILDINO LOT.
$5200 — 41:6x125; Union at., near Van Neea
ave. S
LARGE DEVISADERO-ST. BUILDING LOT.
$20,000—130x137:6, with old Improvements;
must be sold at once to close an estate.
COR. OF ASHBURY AND FREDERICK STS.
$10,000 — 61:6x110; northwest corner Ashbury
and Frederick sts.; flne site for residence or
flats. . .
RAUSCH-ST. INCOME PROPERTY.
$6000— Rausch st., near Folsom, running
through to Clementina; improvements consist
of flats renting for $72 per month.
PINE-ST. FLATS.
$6000 — Pine st., near Van Ness ave.: 2 flats
and a cottage in good condition; renting for
$43 per month.
MODERN BAY WINDOW FLATS.
$4500 — Laguna st. near Union; 2 modern
bay. window flats; rents $34.
MISSION HOME.
$4500— 80x122 :«: Capp st.. near 18th; 2-story
bay window residence of 7 rooms and bath,
renting for $35 per month.
'mission flats.
$3250— Sanchez St., near 25th; 2 flats of 5
and 6 rooms, renting for $25 per month.
F. B. SURRYHNE,
REAL ESTATE AGENT,
138 MONTGOMERY ST.
BUILDING LOTS.
BUILDING LOTS.
BUILDING LOTS.
25 euperb building lots, fronting Devlsadero,
Waller. Buena Vista ave. and Alpine St.. and
only one block from Halght-st. cars, from
$2000 to $4500; easy terms If desired. These
choice building lots lay on the easterly slope
of Buena Vista Park and are the most per-
fectly sheltered from wind and fog of any
property in the city; command an unobstruct-
ed view cf the entire eastern portion of the
city, the bay, Alameda and Oakland, and are
surrounded fcy some of the choicest Homes.
< one lot just sold out of the tract Is being
improved with a handsome residence costing
over $15,000. "Streets are bituminlzed and
stone sidewalks laid. If you are contemplat-
ing buying a residence lot do net fall to look
at this property. Diagrams, prices, etc., can
be had upon application at this office.
$6,000 — Near Larkin and Vallejo: good double
house. 7 rooms and bath; rents $50;
large lot.
$3.700 — corner on Jcnes st; 4 tenements;
rents $32.
$9,500 — Jones st; house and 2 flata; Al im-
provements: rents $70; can be Increased
to at least $85.
$4,500-jHoward St., near Twenty-flret; 8 flats,
4 and 5 rooms each; rents $42 50; lot 25x
SO; an excellent buy.
$12,500 — Two handsome modern flats; Western
Addition, best part; rents $110; key lot;
splendid investment
$5,250— Rents $47 50 oer month; 2 new mod-
ern flats. 5 and 6 rooms and bath each;
well located on Pacific Heights.
I publish a monthly catalogue, giving de-
scription and particulars of residences. Invest-
ments, building lots. etc.. situated In all dif-
ferent parts of the city. Send for one.
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG & CO., "~
Room 2, 7th floor, Mills bldg.
$35,000 — Corner Broadway and Baker ats. ;
125x132:7; elevated lot; superb marine
view.
$10,000— Washington st. west of Baker; lot
75x128; splendid site for flats.
$7,500 — Beautiful home on College Heights,
south of the park; new, modern and up-
to-date throughout; grand corner lot;
eunshlne on every elde: superb views;
the choicest of choice residence prop-
erty.
$7,500 — Lot and residence: Broderick st; fin-
ished basement, double parlors, recep-
tion hall, dining-room,: kitchen, 6 bed-
. • rooms, bath, toilet, etc.: very desirable
at price. s
$6,000— Willard St.. College Heights; modern
residence, 7 rooma. bath, etc.; lot 37:6
front; stable, etc.
$3,100— Welsh st. near Fourth; 5 flats; an-
nual rents $444; water $2 40.
' $5,750— New flats on Greenwich st. ; 6 and 6
rooms each: pay flnv Income.
RAYMOND, ARMSTRONG & CO. \
FOR aale by
JULIEN SMITH,
Real Estate Agent. 420 Montgomery at .
VALENCIA ST.,
NEAR SIXTEENTH.
Lot 60x90; Improved with stores, etc.; fair
rentals; this is a fast-growing, promising, pop-
ular center; stores, .. factories, new Bank of
California, etc.. near: price $15,150. ,
CALIFORNIA ST.
Near Devlsadero St. ; 2 excellent pieces of
business property; lots each 27:6, . full depth;
fair income; 2 houses on each lot; price $G500;
growing investments; large stores now, others
building. -r ¦ ¦ ¦. •¦••¦'
TWENTT-THIRD ST.
Pretty home, tt rooms, basement attic: side
entrance; brick foundation; cement bulkhead:
all in perfect condition:, lot 25x114 and extra
lot same size; price $4200; cars one block.
TEHAMA ST. ',..;•. r.
Near First; large lot;' 2. houses; rents $39;
price $4000. but. little less might' be accepted;
excellent storage or warehouse property. ,
BIG sacrifice — $1800' will , buy. chicken ranch,
four . large lots, house, _ - stables, chicken-
houses, windmill,' horse and wagon, -400 flne
laying hens, ducka,! pigeons, etc.; part cash.
Call' or write, to. LEOPOLD .WEINSTEIN, ;
NW. corner San ' Bruno and Sliver aves. ,
TWO houses containing 4* flats in good condi-
tion. - at . 925 Greenwich . st. ; lot 30x120 to
Valparaiso ; st. ; price .• $7000. ' Owner, « 2300
Leavenworth ¦ st. : .-.,. -.¦;;•- . ' . ,
NOE-ST.- cottage for $3500; bet. 17th and 18th; \
lot 25x110; - 6 • rooms, bath. . high basement,
barn: owner must sell;; make offer. G.'A.'
BERTON, 323 Montgomery . »t -
\.
REAL. ESTATE — CITY-— FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 MARKET ST.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION , '¦¦¦¦. -¦•¦¦;
TUESDAY...'. November 24, 1903
At Our Salesrooms, at 12 o'clock noon.
FREMONT-ST. INVESTMENT.
NW corner of Fremont and Harrison sts.;
extremely lar<e lot, 45x92:6 feet; improvements
consist of 3 2-Jtory frame buildings, containing
7, S and 10 Mums; also large store; present
rents low at £125 per month; this is a most
desirable manufacturing site.
GOLDEN GATE-AVE. INVESTMENT.
N line of Golden Gate ave.. 70 feet E of
Fillmore St.; i226-2*i; lot 30x100 feet; improve-
ments, 2 elesiint houses, 8 rooms and bath
each; brick foundation; high basement; rent
.<>.".: mortgage $tHXK> can bs obtained.
IWHERO MANUFACTURING SITE.
SW corner Eighteenth st. and Potrero ave.:
large parcel of ground, 100x100 feet: will sell
as a whole or subdivide into building lots 25x
300 feet.
MISSION FLATS.
W line of Shotwell st.. 15."i feet N of Twenty-
first: lot 3oxl22:<J feet; G22-fl22»?; Improvements
2 beautiful Hats. 4 and 5 rooms and hath;
beautiful lawn; large palm trees; building
newly painted: plumbing in first-class order;
ror.t $40 per month; concrete »cldewalk; bitu-
minlzed street.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS-
S line of Pine St., 62:6 feet E of Webster;
3 handsome fiats. 6, 7 and 8 rooms; perma-
nently rented at $35 per month.
MISSION FLATS.
S line of Twenty-fifth St., 175 feet W of
Sanchez; large lot 29:6x114 feet; 2 sunny flata
containing 5 rooma and bath each; patent toi-
lets; brick foundation; large windmill and
2000-gallon tank on premises; no water bills to
pay; rent $35' per month.
LAGUNA-6T. FLATS.
E line of Lazuna St., 96 feet S of Filbert;
24x115 feet: improvements 2 modern flats, 6
rooms and 'bath; 12-foot basement; flne brick
foundation; could easily be made into 3 flats;
rent J40 per month.
WESTERN ADDITION BUILDING LOT.
N line of Chestnut st.. 123 feet W of Van
Ness ave.; lot 27:6x137:6 feet: particularly de-
sirable neighborhood; flata erected could be
made to pay handsomely.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
E line of Converse St., 175 feet N of Bryant,
bet Eighth and Ninth; lot 25x75 feet; improve-
ments 4 tenement flats; rent $35 per month; in
good condition: brick foundation.
LANGTON-ST. BUILDING LOT.
W line of Langton et., 35 feet N of Bryant:
lot 25xS0 feet: Improvements on the premises
of dwelling partially destroyed by fire, which
can easily be remodeled at slight expense.
POST-ST. INVESTMENT.
N line of Post st.. 30:2 feet W of Franklin;
large lot 00x137:6 feet; present improvements
consist cf magnificent 3-story residence, 24
spacious rooms and baths; steady tenant ready
to take premises at $175 por month; this por-
tion of Post st. Trill soon be important business
property.
For further particulars send for catalogue.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
\i 638 Market st.
EASTON. ELDRIDOB & CO..
C33 MARKET ST.
$160,000 — Extraordinary offer of a magnificent
6-stcry and basement brick and steel
fireproof hotel; close to Ellis and Powell
sts. : leased for 10 years, good security,
at $12,600 per annum.
$47,500 — Eddy st, near Jones; 47:6x87:6;
present improvements pay $1440 per
annum; excellent site for apartment-
house.
$32.000^ — Apartment-house; absolutely new;
contains 10 separate apartments, 4
rooms and bath, toilet and gas range
complete; leased for $28S0 per month.
$25,000 — Western Addition business corner;- 3
stores and 5 flats; rents $2472 per year;
extremely large lot. 67:6x106:3.
$13.250— Sutter-st. flats: near Octavia; 3 beau,
tiful flats; S rooms and bath each;
rents low at $97 50; lot 27:6x120,
throuKh to rear street.
$13,000 — Three new flats, 7-7-8 rooms and
bath; modern in every respect; electric
lights, gas, porcelain baths, etc; a
revelation In architecture.
$9,500— Franklin et., near Golden Gate ave.:
40x70; improvements, elegant 2-story
residence. 12 rooms and bath; rented
for ?'X) per month; should bring $90.
$6,750 — Geary-st. residence; 27:6xJ37:6; near
Webster St.; 10 rooms and bath; rented
et $40 per month; lot alone positively
•worth the money; could easily be
changed into flats at slight expense,
making paying Investment.
$6,250— Eighteenth st; 2 magnificent flats,
built less than one year; rented to first-
class tenant for $57 50 per month.
$6,000 — Pine St., near Hyde; improvements
consist of a 3-story residence of 8 rooms
and bath; rented for $50 per month.
$5,150— Tehama st., near Fifth; 5 excellent
flats; rented for $53 50 per month; ex-
tremely large lot, 37x80; a map.
$5,000 — North line Waller st.; residence, op-
posite Duboce Park; unsurpasbed view;
beautiful lawn and garden; 7 rooms,
bath and hlg-h basement; brick founda-
tion; 25:9x137:6.
$4.500 — Twenty-second at; 2 beautiful flats,
4 and 5 rooma and bath; lower flats:
completely furnished, which Is Included
in the sale; brick foundation; concrete'
. sidewalk; rented permanently for $40
per month.
$2,500 — Folsom ave.: 3 flats In first-class con-
dition; newly painted; plumbing A No.
1; rents $31 per month; cheapest buy
in the market.
BUILDING LOTS FOR SALE.
$1,600— Beautifully situated lot on Octavia
st. near Union; 25xS6:6; a positive
bargain.
$1,900— South line of Waller st.. 62:6 feet
. west of Central ave.; 25x100; level and
ready for building; cheapest lot on the
street.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
j 638 Market st
CENTER & SPADER,
11 Montgomery st.. Lick House block.
$23,000— Big corner lot; 163 feet railroad front-
age: switch into the property; substan-
tial building; close in and \-ery accessi-
ble; this property is very cheap.
$20,000— Rents $160; very choice buy on Pine
et. ; Inside Jones; new building; every-
thing up to date; particulars at office.
$14,000— Rents $1260; 3 new flats on Stanyan
st. facing the Park; lot 25x106.
$30,000 — NE. corner; store, flats and cottages;
rents nominal; lot 227 ft. on Dolores by
100 ft. on 18th st.; this property must
be sold to close an estate.
$5,500— Eroderick St., near Clay; 2 modern
flats, 5 rooms and bath each; lot 25x110.
$1,500 per lot— Bryant st, bet. 20th and 21st
sts.; In lets 25x100 each; 1-3 cash, bal-
ance on mortgage at 6 per cent: street
pax-ed and accented: water and sewer
connections made to lots.
$9,000— Howard-et. store, flat and cottare-
rents 560: lot 50x100; this Is a snap?
$25,000— Snap; choice investment: flne location-
NW. corner; 6 new up/o-date flats :
rents $22S0 per annum: ldt 73:6x89; part
of lot vacant; investigate.
$5,600 — Rents $40: store and flat; Union st
near Buchanan; lot 25x100; L 12x31 to
Buchanan; very cheap.
$5,250 — Two modern flats: rents $42 50- lot
30x120; Mission warm belt
$2,500— Snap; must be sold; 2 flats, 4 rooms
each: rcrfts $22; lot 25x100; on Bryant
CENTER A SPADER.
MARK LANE, [ ~
NOTARY. V • * /
REAL ESTATE— LOANS— INSURANCE
630 MARKET.
NET 9 PER CENT.
OVER 12 PER CENT ON EQUITY
,J^?£? Offer ; Mu8t Be So 1 * Immediately.
$39,600— An elegant new apartment- house- cor-
ner; choice location; great future; long
secured lease.
$20,500-6 stores and 2 flats, 3 frontages, on
folsoni and 24th; a lively corner; rents
$2000; reduced from $25,000.
$12,500—6 elegant new flats; Carl st. near
Golden Gate Park; now nets over 10
per cent; bound to enhance in value.
$16,O0Or-Bua!nese property snap; 70 ft. extra
depth; In the moat rapidly improvlnr
business section of Mission; near-22d-
Inform yourself; good building could be
made to pay big revenue.
Also other improved and unimproved
properties In same section.
$30,000-12 elegant new flaU; Sutter st; rents
$3168; do not fail to aee theae, aa they
must be sold. *
MARK LANE. 630 MARKET BT. • '. ¦ ¦
B. GETZ, Room 22. Chronicle Bldg.
OWNER AND DEALER. "';--¦
$60 to $500— Ocean Heights and Ocean Boule-
vard lots!!!
$300 to $500— Nlffeveenth-ave. Boulevard lota" 1
- Graded and level, ready to build on. "*
$S50 to $1200— Choice Sunset and Richmond
lots!!!
$150 up— Excelsior Homeatead— warm belt of
the Mission. Level lota, ready to build on
good car service.
All lots sold on easy monthly paymenta from
$5 up. . j . .
$100w to $5000— New cottages and houses on
easy Installments.
NO TROUBLE TO SHOW MY PROPERTIES.
Call at my office, room 22, second floor
CHRONICLE BUILDINO. '
FOR sal f— As a whole or in subdivisions; 6<£
vara lot. south line Union st.. 137:0 feet east
cf Pierce; lot northeast corner Green and
Pierce sts.; lot 103:6x137:6 feet.: Inquire of
CHARLES C. BKMIS. Real Estate Broker
221 Satisom* at , .
COTTAGE with modern improvements; terma
same as paying rent. Apply owner lumber
yard. SE. corner Alabama and Montcalm ets.
THE^CALL
JOHN X). GPSECEELS, Proprietor.
Kfina CCMUicatisM-ta lOfil KcSADGET. Kana^r
TELEPHONE.
Ask fcr THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You Witb the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third, S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage (Cash Wit>
OrCer) :
DAILY CALL finclud. Sunday). 1 ye«r..?S.0C
DAILY CALL, (includ. Sunday). 6 mos.. 4.04
DAILY CALL — By Single Month 75c
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year 2..'»<»
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year 1-00
moi>T-T/- v ( Daily. . .$S.M) Per Year Extra
£S£rACr \ Bunda-.. 4 . 16 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. [-weekly.. 1.00 Per Tear Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Cample Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail *ur»ci1bers in ordering charge of »d-
f.ret* rhould be particular to give both NEW
AND OI.D ADDRESS in order to insure a
prorr.pt «nd correct compliance w;th their re-
<j-c*t.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
HIS Broadway Telephone Main 10S3.
BERKELEY OFFICE: w _.'
£14S Center Street Telephone Isortn Ti.
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRANE.... 14C6 G Street 1^ W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf - Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. 31
Union Eauare; Murray Hill Hotel; Fl£th-ave»
cue Hotel and HcCman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
• Pherman House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer Hcuse.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS...M*rquette Build g.
(Long Distance Telephone, -Central 2618. )
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San FrancSsco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock ever}' nljrht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
f£7 Mnntomerj' street, corner Clay; open un-
til 9:30 p. m.
S00 Hares sircet; open until 9:o0 p. m.
r.3fl McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
JIM1 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
ur.tl! 9 p. nt.
106 Eleventh street: or>en until 9 p. m.
10»6 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan atreeta;
open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twer.ty - second and
Kentucky streets; cp«t until 9 p. m.
2?(<ft Flllm^re street: open until ft p. m.
HEAL ESTATE— -CITV— FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
25 POST ST.
$6 ooo— Buchanan nr. Sutter; 7 rooms.
$17,5<«O— Fell facing Park; 50 feet; Eastlake.
$3,000— Maple; key lot; 2-story, 7 rooms;
etable.
(4.000 — Tremont ave.; new 2-story; 6 rooms.
$4.000 — Frederick nr. Aehbury; cottage.
$24.5CO — Pixtii et.. nr. Folsom; 25x120; rents
$105.
$3 20o— Tthama. nr. Eighth; 2 flata; rente
$U3.
$5,M>0— Seventh. r.r. Folsom: 2 flats.
SlS.sriO— Haipht st. ; CS:9xl37:6; 4 houses.
$27,500— Fulton-et. corner, nr. City Hall; Im-
proved.
f is ooo — Devisadero-st. corner; store and fiats.
$4^500 — Lyon nr. California; 2 flats.
fi5 000— Devlsadero at.; store and flat*; rents
$1800.
$47.000— Pclk st: stores, etc.; SO feet front-
$12,«)0— Fell rt. Market; 4 Cata; rents $90.
$$700— Webster, nr. Halght; 2 flats; rents
SC5.
$S 500 — Sacra.mer.to; 4 flats; rent $81; 32x128.
f 13,000 — Broderick. nr. Sacramento; 3 flats;
rents J106.
$5,500— Jackson; marine view comer; 2 flats.
$5,750— Bush nr. Devisadero; 2 flats; etable.
$no. 000— Polk.' nr. Ellis; 6 flats; rent* $2400.
$2Z.MC< — Golden Gate ave., nr. Van Ness;
42x120; rent $144.
$17.500 — Golden Gate ave.. nr. Octavia. 37:6x
120- t flats.
515.000 — Vallejo. nr. Hyde; new Cats; rents
5140.
$5 250 — Bucharan. nr. Bush; 2 flats.
$16 500— Montgomery ave.: stores, etc; 4-
story brick; rtr.t $.120.
$10,750— Washington, nr. Hyde; 3 fiate;. rents
$97.
$17 500 — Leavenworth, nr. Clay; 8 Cats; rents
*137.
*42.500 — Ellie nr. Larkin; rents $3600.
$6.000 — Dolores-st. corner; 60 feet; rents
$E2 50.
J3.300— Alvarado, nr. Sanchez; new, 6 rooms
and bath.
$4.000— Clement it: 4 flats; rent $40.
PARNASSUS Heights,
Sunset District.
Park Frontages.
BEACH LOTS.
Cottstces and Flats
On Installments. } ' m •
Branch OfOce.
H et. and Seventh ave.
Open Sundays.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
25 Post BU
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 MONTGOMERT ST.
«30 000 — Rents $200 per month; choice corner
on Fourth et. ; substantial building, con-
sisting of 2 stores and 2 flata: .30x75.
$25 000— Goort site for an apartment house ;
Hyde st. : 50x120; 2 houses of 10 rooms
.rnd bath each, renting for $100 per
month; Improvements of little value.
$20.000 — An eJecant home en California a*.; 12
rooms, 2 baths and 2 servants' rooms,
etc.; large lot, 34:414x132:6.
$:«,500— Rents $1C7 per month: choice corner
on Howard st., near Sixteenth.;, sub-
stantial improvements, consisting of
etore and Cats; lot 25x95.
$10,000— An elegant sunny home, new modern
residence of 10 room* and bath, facing
on Park: lar*re lot.
$3,000 — Rents $966 per annum; business cor-
ner: 6tore, flat and 2 houses; lot SOxSO;
within 0 minutes' walk of the City Hall.
zm
For further particulars of the above and for
the Real Estate Record, containing a list of
properties for eale in all parts of the city. In-
quire et our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery at.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
DESIRABLE cunr.y building lots, close to Du-
boce Park: bitumlnized streets; | lots level
nnd ready to build on; a rare chance to ob-
ta'.n a holding admirably situated and close
to the city at a. very reasonable figure; <Jla-
Fram. price and all further particulars at our
offlci.. G H. UMESEN & CO.. 20 Montgom-
ery st., real estate ascnta and auctioneers.
E. H. LANGE & CO.. ~~
58 Montgomery at., room 23
$2,250 — Elegant cotta«e. 9 rooma and bath;
McAllister st., near Etanyan. opp. Gold-
en Gate Park; barraln.
$0.600 — Carl st-. near Stanyan ; 2 modern flata.
£-<"> rooms and bath, with stable; rent
$:>3: let 25x137:6.
$4.C00— Bufh st. near Baker; modern 6-room
cotta«e and bath: let 23x100: rent $30.
<!kI&0 — Ellis rt., near Van Ness ave. ; 3 mod-
err, fiat*. R-9-y rooras each; lanre lot;
rent fi.%0 per month.
$2,100— Ftanyan st., near Frederick; choice
bulifilng lot?. 25x125. •
E. H. LANGE & CO..
2C Montromery St., room 23.
$500 FOR A HOUSE AND LOT
On!y eipht blocks from a
school house and street car line.
Will sell tor cash or part cash and balance
».n ' monthly payments.
The house has 3 rooms, new and never been
used.
The lot is 25x100 ft. level and on grade.
This is a bargain and I want to sell it; it
:s in a co>d locality and is worth more
money than I ask for It.
An opportunity for a laboring man to own
a home in frcra 3 to 4 years and only pay
on it a* you are r.ow paying renf; investigate
tfclF,. Address Owner, box 4574. Call office.
SAVE $5 ' ~-
\ "*VE3i MONTH
Tiy buylntr a lot !n the growing city of Rich-
mond, wihfre are located the Standard Oil
Company. Santa Fe Railroad terminal, the
Southern Pacific 11. R. belt warehouses and
manufacturing tjlar.ts. All level. Streets
graded. Mai* fr<**.
aiCHMOICD LAND COMPANT.
Crocker building. San Francisco.
tS.OOO— SNAP: rent 8720: north of Market"
$21 .000 -Rent $1,980; Polk street, ticar Sinter
S26.0IXV— 10 rv?r cent; Inside business corner
KP.fiOO — U f.0 vara: Hush ttr»et. n<»ar Mason
pnr.CY B. TR AVERS. SI 4 Montgomery, r. a'.
CITY DEEDS.
ANDP.EW a. OLIVER,
H ALL OF RECORDS.
! CITY DEEDS.
frcjrj DOWN and $20 per month, cottage 5
rvnw and bath; 4145 23d St.; the latest.
S300 down and $25 per month; 6-rooai hou*«
on Duncan st. : a snap.
D. COFFIN & CO.. S303 Mlaalon at.
FOR harrains In city property, call en
ROTHEKMEL & CO.. 507 California et.
FINE income ftatu oa Fulton, nr. City Hall;
reasonable, Xngulre 112 Fulton et. owner.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
HOOKER A LENT .'......14 Poat et
$100,000— Wholesale business property: one
tenant: long lease; new brick building;
4 half block from Market st.
$77,500 — Business corner, near Geary and Tay-
lor sts.; large building; 3 stores and
apartments; rents $400.
$30.000— Inside of Powell; a corner: new Im-
provements; rents $4260.
$45,000 — Near Sutter and Mason; corner, 60x
112:6; rents $230.
$45,000— Bush St.. near Powell; 86x120; old
improvements ; rents for $190.
$43,000— Third-st. corner, near Howard; 4400
square feet; grand site for a hotel .and
stores.
$26,000— Polk st. close to a prominent trans-
fer point: stores and flats; new buiid-
inrs; rents $165. •
$22 000 — Business corner, best part of Western
Addition: 3 new buildings, stores and
flats; lot 37:6x100; rents $170.
$21,000— Flats, 4 houses of 2 flats each: lot
85x105; rents $175; close to Van Ness
$20,000— Fine Padflc-ave. flats; rents *"3;
extra large lot and elegant new build-
ing.
$19.000— Near Bush st. and Van Ness aye.;
lot 60x120, with 6 new flats; rents $155.
$18,600— Fine residence; lot 65x110. and house;
most attractive; large garden and con-
servatory; in best part of Western Ad-
$16,000— Rents $140; 8 flats; lot 80x137:6:
Western Addition: flne buy.
$16.000— Corner. 72x81:3; near Halght anc*
" Steiner sts.; partly Improved; rents
$102.
$16,000— Ellis at. northeast corner; 87:6x87:6.
$13.500— A magnificent Broadway corner, with
unobstructed marine view; 60x137:6.
$12,500— Turk-st. store corner; large lot;
67:6x87:6. , , ,
$12,600— Business corner, near Larkin and
Poet sts.; 3-story bulldlwr: stores and
flats; rents $75. ¦'
$12.600— Post st, near Hyde; 2 flats; lot 25x
137:6; rented well.
$12,600— Rtnts $110; grand bargain; houses
and flats near Valencia and Eighteenth.
$11,000— O'Farrell-st. corner; atores and flata;
rents $108 per month: larire lot.
$11,000 — Flats, east of Leavenworth st ; two
buildings of 4 .flats; lot 86x137:6;
rents $90.
$10,600— Valencia at; 23x170; 2 frontagea; Im-
provements in flne condition; price re-
duced to make sale on account of
owrer'a departure for the East; pay
6% per cent net; a banraln.
$6,000— Near Steiner and Waller: two nice
flats; rents $50.
$6,000— Scott-st. residence, facing Duboce
Park; 9 rooms and bath; 27 feet front-
age.
$5,000 — Clay st, near Devisadero: residence;
9 rooms and bath; 27:6x137:6.
$4,000— Tenth-st. flats; rents $33.
$3,250 — Near Third and Folsom sts.: lot 25x
SO; rents $33.
$3,200 — A bargain; new cottage; Hartford
st.; 5 rooms and bath, attic and base-
ment; Mission warm belt; close to cars.
$2,500— Polk st., near Union; lots graded and
ready for building; 25x100; flne marine
view.
$6,000— Fine northwest corner on Polk at;
60x87:6.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st
SPECK & CO.,
667 MARKET ST.. OPP. KEARNT.
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors,
Full Charge Taken of Property.
SELECTED INVESTMENTS.
. MUST BE SOLD.
$225,000 — Magnificent downtown Ellls-st cor-
ner; nearly 100 ft. frontage; 5 stores
and 80 rooms above; good building;
giving leases and expending about $6000
will Tent, for $1350 per month; no
choicer buy In the market; offer wanted.
CORNER NEAR MARKET.
$130,000— First-st. corner; new brick building;
10 years' lease to one tenant; 940O sq.
feet floor space: a very choice buy.
FOURTH-ST. TRANSFER CORNER.
$60,000 — Main corner; 75x100 feet; stores and
apartments above; pays 6 per cent net;
very safe Investment to hold.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.
$50,000 — 12 new, up-to-date flats; modern in
every respect: pays 15 per cent net by
assuming bank mortgage of $25,000 at
5% per cent interest; lot 87:6x81 feet;
6 blocks from new City Hall.
NORTHWEST CORNER.
J50. 000— 137:6x137:6; substantial improve-
ments; insured for $20,000; mortgage
of $30,000 at 5% per cent can remain;
pays 8 per cent net.
LARKIN-ST BUSINESS CORNER.
$50,000 — S7 feet frontage; stores and lodging-
house: pays 0 per cent net; offer of
$47,000 refused; such downtown cor-
ners are scarce.
SECOND-ST. CORNER. *!
$4S,000 — One and a half blocks from Market
st.; 47 feet front; cheapest downtown
corner to be had near Market st, a
chance to make a turn at good ad-
vance.
TEN YEARS' SECURED LEASE.
$47,500 — Corner; stores and apartment-house;
60 rooms; 5-story bulldlnir: 10 years-
secured lease: 1 tenant; $4400 annual
rents; will consider part exchange city
property; mortgage $20,000; pays over 8
per cent net : •
CHANCE FOR SPECULATORS
$42.000— Lot 82x275; two frontages; 108 rooms;
rents $350; one tenant; can be easily
leased at $400.
POLK-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$22,000 — Stores and lodging-house; rents $165:
lot 30 feet frontage; pays over 9 per
ceoi net.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT
$16,500— O'Farrell st, east of Van Ness- pays
• 10 per cent net by assuming $9000 bank
mortgage; rents $115; lot 27:6x120; two
frontages.
$11,500 — Rents $119; downtown flats: lot 50x
80 feet.
$3,250 — Yearly income $420; flats near Third
and Bryant; lot 25x75 feet
$1,400 — Corner lot, near Golden Gate Park-
20x100 feet. *
SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
McAFEE BROTHERS, ~
108 MONTGOMERT ST.
SUNNY MODERN FLATS
On Clay st. near Baker; 6 and 7 rooms, attic
and basement: rented for $77 60 per month-
lot 25x127; price $8750. '
BEAUTIFUL 50-VARA LOT.
Looking into the prettiest part of Golden Gate
Park; will subdivide; prices very reasonable;
this property has a great future; flne for ele-
gant fiats or anartment house.
MISSION ST.,
Between 3d and 4th, 3-story building: rented
very low at $127 per month; price $35,000.
PANHANDLE COTTAGE.
New, modern, up-to-date, 7 rooms and bath;
only J4350.
MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE. '
On Pacific Heights: splendid new residence,
commanding marine view; everything the very
best; hardwood floors, billiard-room, 2 baths,
furnace, etc. ; price $15,000; an offer wanted. '
PANHANDLE FLATS.
New modern flats, 6 rooms each; all rented .
for $56 60 monthly; price $5750. \
MISSION COTTAGE.
Five rooms and bath: 2 lots. 50x121; near ;
18th st; close to cars: only $2500.
THIRD ST.. ;
Between Folsom and Harrison; 23x80 feet;
rents $75; price $14,000. .
McALUSTER-ST. LOT.
Between Scott and Devisadero; 27x137:8; only '
$3250.
' FELL-ST. FLATS.
Fronting on the Park Panhandle, near Lyon
St.; 4 and 5 rooms; rent $46; lot 25x100 feet: .
price $6000. •
IN.BERNAL HEIGHTS. ' <
Near Mission at: good corner. 50x70 feet;
only $750; owner very anxious to sell. J
NEW TRACT OPENED.
GOING FAST. 5 LOTS SOLD LAST WEEK.
On Frederick, Willard and Carl stsr; 1 block
from Stanvan: close to all car lines; fine lots,
looking into Golden Gate Park; the street work
will be done and several flne buildings to be
erected immediately; prices from $1200 to $1600; !
a' splendid chance to get a good lot cheap;
the3e prices .will be raised; buy one now; any !
size frontage desired.
I
McAFEE BROTHERS, . !
. 103 MONTGOMERT ST.
POTRERO ave. !
And Twenty-third.
New 5-room cottage.
Easy terms. !
OSCAR HETMAN.
. 14 Post at !
DAT and Noe. <
¦ New 5-room cottase. ¦ ,
Half block from
Mission and 29th .
street - cars.
OSCAR HETMAN.
'-.-'-' 14 Post, st .
JUST completed. — _ .
Richmond flats, . ¦
4 and 5 rooms. ' <
Rented for $43.
OSCAR HEYMAN.
-f '¦-':- ' 14 Post st !
MODERN, cottages: finished complete with
rroTm^2900 nCe: '"* ««»«¦¦««• toU.
8 rooms — $3230.
6 rooms — $3500.
6 rooms — $3600.
, 7 rooms — $4100.
8 rooms — $4600. .
Located on First and Second ave bat. '
Geary and McAllister at. cars and one" block
north of park. F. NELSON, builder.
BUILD on your unimproved realty we loan
full cost improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker bundSc!
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SAL'S.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO., _
218-220 MONTGOMERT ST.
, ,_ • ; ESTATE PROPERTIES.
$7,000— Reduced from $8100; must- be sold;
Sutter at, near Devlsadero; substantial
residence and stable; extra large lot,
69x114 ft; will sell residence and lot
. ' 34:3x114 ft., for $5000.
$9,750— Franklln-st. corner, near Golden Gate
ave.; two-etory residence renting for $60
per month, extra lot, 40x70; should be
improved; a big bargain. :-...'
$17,000— Offer wanted; Washington at. N. line,
.near Larktn; two modern residences.
12-13 rooms, 2 baths each; renting for
$130 per month; lot 45:10x137:6 feet
$10,250— Clay st. near Jones; 3 modern flats.
5-6-S rooms and- bath; rents $1050 per
annum; always rented.
$9,000— Minna St., near Sixth; 4 flats, renting
• '. .." for $60 per month; 3-5 rooms and bath;
lot 25x80 feet; must be sold.
$5,000 — Sutter st, near'Devtsadero; flne lot to
build on; 40:6x100 feet
$32.500— Larkin st, near McAllister; grand lot.
50x87:6 ft; would be Ideal location for
stores and apartment-house or hotel;
mortgage of $15,000 can remain; must be
sold; make offer.
$7.000— Presidio Heights corner. 35x107:6 ft:
positively the biggest bargain for a sun-
ny corner lot in this district; both streets
bituminlzed; side sewers, bulkhead and
stone sidewalks.
$10,000— Vallejo st. near Leavenworth: 3 mod-
ern flats one year old; 6 rooms and bath
each: lot 27:6x127:6 ft.; rents for $87 50
monthly.
$8,200— Howard-at. Investment; rents $64 50
!". monthly; lot 25x85 ft; near Eighth St.;
» substantial Improvements. '
$10,000— Reduced from $12,500; Clay st. near
Buchanan; beautiful 10- roomed resi-
dence; every modern Improvement; Vi
block from public square; lot. 25x100 ft;
is being sold at the above figure to ef-
-^ feet an Immediate sale.
?o«J.ww> — Fillmore, corner Sacramento; one of
the best investments in the market;
handsome lot to Improve.
$8,000 — Central ave., near Pacific ave.; ele-
gant marine view; lot 40x90 ft; % block
from Presidio gate; ready., to build on;
is being offered at above low figure to
effect quick sale.
$20,000— Fifth St., near Folsom: new building,
store and lodging-house; rents for $175
per month; lodging-house has 48 rooms
and bath; five-year lease; mortgage $12,-
000 'can remain; all repairs made by ten-
ants; one of the best in vestments on the
market.
$30.000— Nob Hill residence; substantial two-
story, attic and basement residence; 12
. rooms- and 2 baths: electric lighting;
good stable; lot 50x127:6 feet.
$18,000— New Presidio Heights residence: first
floor contains large reception hall and
living-room. dining-room, breakfast-
room, kitchen and butler's pantry; upper
floors contain 5 bedrooms and bath; also
bllllard-room; basement contains ball-
room, laundry, servants' room, furnace,
etc; house just completed and sold on
account of owner's departure from city;
• „„ lot 40x127:8% feet.
$45,000 — O'Farrell-st. corner, downtown; three
frontages; old lmprovemente renting for
$158 per month; lot 50x90 ft; mortgage
of $25,000 nt 6 per cent can remain.
$6,250— Mission at. near 20th; store and 6
rooms: lot 28x122 ft.; make' offer.
$2,200 — Northwest corner of Castro and Alva-
rado sts.; lot 50:6x105 feet; elegant view
of city.
$31,750— Fourth et. near Mission; lot 28:10x
82:6 ft; rents nominal; should be im-
proved.
$8,760— Income $900 gross per annum; 2 new
modern flats -on sunny elde of Sacra-
mento, st.; will pay 8 per cent net; lots
25x100 feet.
$7,200— Presidio Heights residence; Locust st.
near Jackson; almost new; 2-story, base-
ment and attic; 7 rooms and bath and
baecment; 3 bedrooms and also room for
servant; lot 25x112:6 feet
$35,000— Misslon-st corner; 100 ft. front; pays
over 10 per cent- net; stores and apart-
ment house above; flne Investment.
$30,000 — 3-story and basement brick building.
Battery st ; one tenant: leased five years
at $175 monthly; pays 6 3-10 per cent
net; lot 40x94 feet.
J7, 000— Broadway, this side of Van Ness ave.;
2 modern flats of 0-5 rooms and bath;
rents $33; pick-up.
$5,260— Moss st. between Sixth and Seventh,
near Folsom: 2 flats. 5 and 6 rooms and
bath; rents $40; lot 24x80 feet.
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for sale. ¦ • -
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO., "
Real Estate Agents,
213-220 Montgomery st
NELSON. JOHNSON. & CO.,
205 Montgomery st., Opp. Mills Bldg.
$6,000 — 2 elegant, modern, bay- windowed Pa-
cific Heights flats; 5 and 6 rooms and
bath.
$7,500— Key lot. 25x100: Golden Gate ave.:
choicest block; 2 elegant, modern, eunny
flats .of 6 and 7 rooms and bath.
$6,750— Oak st, close in; 2, very well-built
sunny flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath.
$7,3SO — Rents $882: 50 foot frontage; 6 attract-
ive, well-built flats of 4 and 5 rooms;
perfect condition: never idle; few feet
• - from Third st._ ' ¦ . _ —
$4,800 — Amid sunshine, fruit and flowers; 2
flats; well built, bay-windowed; 6 and 6
rooms and bath; modern; In the heart of
the Mission warm belt; large lot; choice
bituminlzed car-line street.
$5,250— Bush St.; 2 well-built bay-windowed
flats; 5 rooms each; good plumbing;
brick foundation.
$27,000 — Right downtown; 55x120; 2 frontages;
the only lot of its size In the heart of
the downtown apartment-house section.
$5.500— Rents $642; 37:6 frontage; 4 well-built
flats; new plumbing; perfect condition.
$6,750— Rents $SS3; Fil moie-st cars one blcck;
4 new, uo-to-date flats.
$5,750 — Modern Presldi* Heights residence of 7
rooms and bath; choice aristocratic
neighborhood; beautiful surroundings.
$3,750 — Two attractive, well-built, bay-window
Mission flats; Twenty-third st; improve-
ments alone cost $4G00; 25x114.
$7,500 — Elegant up-to-date residence of 9 rooms
and bath; flooded with sunshine; only
few feet from Park Panhandle.
$6,750 — Panhandle residence at a sacrifice; re-
duced from $9000: elegant, modern; 8
rooms and bath; $4000 mortgage.
$7,000— Scott St.; 2 modern flats of 5 and 6
rooms and bath; very attractive in ap-
pearance: select neighborhood.
$7,500 — Howard st. ; right downtown; north
side; reduced from $10,000 to' force sale
this week; a big speculation.-
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO..
, 205 Montgomery et., . Opp. Mills Bldg.
HAWKS & SKELTON. ¦
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property.
$13,000 — Taylor-st Investment, near Sutter: 1
lot 22:llxS7:6: new building here would
pay well.
$18,000 — N. line Pace) near Buchanan; partly
Improved; will pay to build flats on.
$5,500— Seventh St.. near Folsom: lot 25xS0;
flats rent $30.
$20,000— The finest view of the bay In this city;
convenient for cars and teams: view
¦ assured forever: SW. corner Larkin and
Francisco: 137x137.
$7,200 — Marine view lot: Hyde St., near Chest-
nut; 36:8x110; very flne view assured;
new buildings on each side of it
$5,000 — Lot on SW. cor. Larkin and Lombard
sts. ; 25x105: magnificent marine view
¦ • from every window.
$4,500— SE. corner Larkin and Greenwich, 50x
62:6; elegant view of Golden Gate and
bay.
$3,000^-Lot. Franklin st., near Filbert; 53x
•'¦-¦ 100; street sewered. ¦-'
$4,000— Lot, Greenwich st, between Van Ness
ave. and Franklin st; 66:8x137:6: will
divide it.
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery at :
WHAT MAKES YOU LOOK SO HAPPY TO-
DAY. WIFE?
Is it not enough to make me happy when
I know we are in our own home, instead of
a rented flat?
• For eight long years $25 a month has gone
for rent, and nothinsr to show for it •
If we had the opportunity used to pay the
same on our own home we would have nearly
owned ! the home;' But • never mind, wife: we
will turn a new. leaf and pay oft our home,
as hundreds of others have done on the Hey-
man Tract
¦ Go out. on Hoffman' ave., near 23d st, and
see the beautiful 5 and 0 room cottages we are
building you can have with your rent money.
A^flne Christmas Drcsent will be given the
purchaser to start housekeeping.
JACOB HEYMAN COMPANY, 117 Sutter at
H. E. POEHLMAN, Realty and Insurance. ¦ "'
' . 304 st; . San Francisco.
$6500— Probate sale; comfortable home; 8
rooms, bath,- basement: lot 27:8x112:6; flne
location on Pacific - Heishts.
$6000 — Baker st. ; neat bay window house. 8
rooms, etc. ; substantially built; lot 25x106:3;
will net 7 aer cent.
$2700— Clement st, close In; modern cottage,
barn and driveway; a cozy home.
$1600 — Rent. $156 yearly; Reed st, near Jack-
son and Leavenworth; 2-story house of 5 rooms
and bath; flne view. _
$2850- r -ValleJo st, near Presidio; lot 44x122;
superb view; safe investment.
: < EXTRAORDINARY CHEAP!!!
ELEGANT NEW-MODERN COTTAGE, 4
.', . ROOMS AND BATH. I
EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD. WARM BELT.
NEAR CAR LINE. VERY EASY TERMS.
MUST SELL. FOR PARTICULARS AT ,
B. GETZ. ROOM 22. CHRONICLE BLDG.
FOR sale — $775; flne ; building lot situated on
east line of Tenth ave., 100 feet north of
California st. : 25x120; adjoining property x
selling for $900 to $1000; reduced for: quick
sale. FRANK P. LEE, 011 Broadway, Oak-
¦ land.y-/-vy.' ---;.y.'.... ¦' •'•¦¦* ¦-¦ - 1 -.?.;:
JUST opened a new ' tract of splendid . lots in
• the best part of Berkeley; terms very attrac-
- tlve ; - call or ¦. send . for ; map and particulars.
". S. F. and 8. Home Building Society, -708
' Market st.'. S. F. ¦¦'¦•¦¦.'-, •,-.'.'-' -'
$7800 — NEW '.' colonial 10-room houre; Interior
paneled and beamed ' In natural wood; large
. fireplaces; garden and lawn; Western Addi-
tion; lot 25x137:6. Box 4750, Call. .
SNAP-7-Just I completed: modern ' 1 H-«tory , cot-
¦ t age, 6 rooms, > bath ; ! easy terms. 20 Merritt
at; take 18th-st cars, get oft at Hattle.
REAL ESTATE— Country — For Sale.
• FOR sale — $63 per acre: 500 acres of aspara-
» gus. garden truck cr alfalfa land, on Roberts
: Island. 7 miles from Stockton; this land- Is
highly improved.
$10 oer acre — 800 acres stock ranch. Sacra-
l mento Co.; improved: 400 acres alfalfa land,
under good ditch, fenced and cross-fenced.
• $45 per acre — 140 acres improved dairy ranch.
San Joaquln Co.. one-half bottom land; $2000
: down, 5 per cent on balance; close to town
and sclioot.
I $4oo — $2w> down; 10-acre tracts In the "WTiIta-
ker & Ray Colony. Sacramento Co. : this land
> , is flne: berry, fruit, table or wine grape
I land; close to rood school.
QUIGGLE. care WHITAKER & RAT. 723
¦ Market at. S. F.. 9 to 10 a. m.. 4 to 5 p. m.;
• or address box 15. Gait.
i $23,940
I CLEAR PROFIT. _! ,
10 miles from Sacramento City. Cal..
: we have 2G6O acres of land that can
i be divided and sold in 40-acre tracts
for $2t> an acre; $5320 will pay
; all the expenses of advertising.
Now we can sell you this land for
$9 an acre, but it must be
; sold by January 1. liH>4. to satisfy
a mortgage. Now if you have the
; cash and want something good
come and see It at once.
¦ WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. 603 J. Sacramento.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains; monthiy cat±-
i legues sent free. C. M. WOOSTEit CO.. MS
' Market at.
FOR farms, orchard and vineyard lands, stock
. ranches and timber lands, call on or address
for catalogue. ROTHERMEL & CO.. 607 Cali-
fornia at
ALFALFA our specialty; best alfalfa land at
$20 per aere; ditch and artesian water. P.
H. JORDAN CO.. 118 Montgomery st.
BUT a cheap home; send stamp for list; chick-
en ranches, alfalfa, stock, fruit and general
.•farms. W., J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery st
FOR sale — A house of 4 rooms, with 2 lots,
each 60x70 feet, in a town In Sonoma County.
For particulars apply at Call office.
A WEEK'S news for 0 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
BAK MATEO BEAI. ESTATE.
SAN MATEO SAN MATEO
THE FINEST SUBURBAN RESTDENCB
DISTRICT NEAR SAN FRANCISCO.
We have a choice Hat of excellent residence
properties villa sites and acreage. Don't fail
to see us before buying. Investigate Saa
Mateo Park. The ideal property of then* all.
Lota of about one aero each. Easy terms.
Bound to be most valuable. See our local agent;
Frank S. Grummon. San Mateo office- open
Sundays.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 23 Post St.
SPECIAL— 230 ACRES — CHOICE LAND.
Close to city of San Mateo. Oak trees, run-
ning water. Can be had at $173 per aere.
Sold to close an estate. Can be subdivided
into 5-acre tracts and sold at a splendid profit.
Particulars of FRANK S. GRUMMON. agent
at San Mateo. or BALDWIN A HOWELL,
23 Post St.
SAN MATEO— BURLJNOAMi:.
. Best suburban homes near San Francisco:
no ferry; electric railroad now running; lots
and residences for sale; we can sell good lots
as low as $500 each; we will be glad to show
them; we also have some acreage land near by -
as low as $100 to $200 per acre.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
1CS Montgomery st.. San Francisco. Resident
agent S. G. GOODHUE. Western Union Tel.
bldg.. San Mateo. /__
POIXT RICH3IO\D REAL ESTATE.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts:
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE. '
CHOICE PROPERTIES FOR EXCHANGE.
$5000—31 acre*. Santa Cruz, near Capttola:
flne Improvements: half fruit.
$25,000 — 2100 acres, Stanislaus County; firm
and stock; well Improved; want bay city.
$25.000 — 160 acres; flne orchard and improve,
ments; want bay city.
$25,000— Fine Chicago apartments; want good
stock ranch.
$7000 — 100O acres; Calaverxs; Improved; stock
and farm; want bay city.
$55CO — Elegant 9-room Oakland home; fine)
site; want stock ranch.
$3000 — 10-acre orchard and home near
Brighton. Sacramento County: want bay city.
W. F. CUMMINS. 240 Montgomery st.
A LARGE list of country real estate for sale
or exchange for property around the bajr.
MOSSMAN. 411 Examiner building.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th«
United States or Canada one year for $1.
TO LEASE.
TO LEASE — Will build 100-room apartment-
house on corner on Market St.; $5 per room;
all outside rooms. Apply A. J. RICH & CO.,
112 Montgomery st
Mill Valley Advertisements.
MILL TALLET REAL ESTATE.
LOT 60x125. $400 to $SCO.
On graded street; beautiful trees; charming
view^; prices very low; only $3 to $12 a
front foot: terms. 10 ser cent cash, balance
$10 monthly; new tract at Mill Valley, right
at the station; values bound to Increase;
don't fall to see them; over 80 lots sold re-
cently; money advanced for building pur-
poses; send for illustrated booklet; agent on
the ground Sundays. LYON & HOAO, 113
Montgomery st.
VILLA sites and Improved property: dairy
ranches; Cushlng and Stetson tracts. For
information apply to sole agent for lands T.
L. & W. Co.. LOUIS L. JANES, real estate.
Hayward building. 488 California at *
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAUEDA REAL ESTATE.
SEE FOR TOURSELF AND BB CONVINCED.
WE ARE OFFERING BARGAINS.
$2400 — Buya a beautiful 5-room cottage. 8-foot
basement: all modern Improvements; lot
50x150; choice . locality.
$2500 — Buys a beautiful 6-room colonial home;
a snap; close to trains and schools. .
Better than paying rent; an easy means of ob-
taining a home.
$3000— Elegant cottage; San Antonio; larg* lot;
to close estate.
$3500— Choice 7-room colonial home; a snap.
$4250— Buys an 8-room modern horns; 2 yean
I built; sacrifice.
Alameda property never looked aa promising aa
at present.
Purchase a home now; secure a bargain.
Call and aee our $1600. $2300 and $3000 homes.
Lota for sale In all parts of Alameda.
Easy terms. Easy terms. Easy terms.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANT,
1500 Park st.. Alameda.
Houses built, rented and exchanged.
Take broad gauge.
BARGAINS.
$1350— Five-room new cottage; lot 26x100: near
Bay station.
$1150— Five-room 1%-story house; lot 28x100;
very cheap.
$1950— Five- room cottage: fruit rarden; lot
67x150; fine location.
$2100— Five-room new cottage: lot 40x113; two
blocks from station.
$3600— Ten-room modern cottage; fine grounds;
lot 45x130.
$4800— Nine-room 2-story house; lot 74x150;
stable and windmill. -
' : *;' FOR EXCHANGE.
Modern 7-room house.
Apply to A. R. DENKE. 1400 Webster at.
Alameda. _
LARGE. 8-room. modern shingled house on
t water front: flne marine view; new; $3230.
Modern 7-room house on water front; lot
100x150: fine marine ,view; $3000.
3 cottages, near station; good investment;
rents $30 per month; $3150.
R D. JUDD & CO..
1424 Park st.. Alameda.
$1300 — ELEGANT lot on St.. Charles st.
$3500 — Two-story 7-room house: lot 58x130.
$4500— Lot 103x150; a fine 2-story house.
W. K. CONGER & CO..
1501 Park St.. Alamoda.
HOUSE FOR SALE.
A srood house of 11 rooms, with all modern
conveniences; lot 50xl5O; between Grand and ¦
Chestnut sta. stations; price $4000. J. S.
HANLET. 1310 Park st. real estate.
FOR sale — Business property in Oakland; good
Investment; •& per cent net on money invest-
ed; also, in Alameda a brand new 8-room
house: tn> to date.' CHAS. ADAMS A CO.,
Bay Station. Alameda; shone Paru 1SXL'THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1903.
45
HORSES AXD WAGOX9.
A FINE chance; horse and express wagsa:
everything complete: established business; no
competition; good living: good reason for
selling: cheap. E. J. YATES. S. Berkeley.
A LOT of cheap horses, mules, wagens. lur-
ries, bussies. carts and harness will be sold
at auction Tuesday. November 24, 11 a. tn..
at 1140 Folaora st. '
HARNESS and caddies, the best for the xncu«7.
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. Inc.. the- big store.
1145-1147 Market at.. San Francisco.
2 BIG ranch mares. $100; wagon. $23: cart.
$12 30: hcrse, $23; buggy. $12 SO. 79 City
Hall ave.
NEARLY new hack, coup* and phaeton.
O'BRIEN'S. Golden Gaf are, and Polk at.
ONE light business wagon, harness, also bug-
gy horse. 15 Dame St.. oS Thirtieth.
MUST te sold at a sacrifice; 3 good horses.
327 Sixth at.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light eamptng wagoa
and Kfcart for sala cheap. S32 Mission at.
Largest asaorunt 2- hand wagocs. buckb'd. sor-
rey.harneo*. work. driving horses. 15th-VaI«nct*
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A— HOUSES and fiats to let; an ixaznens* Uat:
service absolutely free; take advantags of
this department: It will save you tlms and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-239 Geary
st.. on ths square.
NEW house, 8 sunny rooms, fine yard. $32 SO;
new Cat. 3 sunny rooms. $2S. Hous* 134.
fiat 130 Second ave.. near Sacramento tt.
HOUSE. 13C3 Waller St.; » rooms, bata and
bllllard-rootn: modern: rent ISO.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of house*
to let. BALDWIN A IIOWELL. 23 Post si.
CHEAPEST and best !n America— Th# Weakly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address ia th«
United State* or Canada cr.e year fcr tt-
HOUSES TO LET — FfRMSIIED.
COMPLETELY furnished house. 12 rooms, Cal-
lfornta. nr Pierce. Apply 37 Columbian blig.
HOUSES FCRMSUEO— FOR SALE.
S ROOMS clears rent: north of Market St.:
good furniture; sT^all payment do^vn. Call
room 81. St. Ann's building. 8 Eddy st.
JSOO— 12 ROOMS, beautlfallv furnished: near
transfer corner; rent $37 50. 1421 California.
5EWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
NEW HOME sewing machine; this week only:
$10. $15. $20: slightly used: needles 2Oc do*.
NEW HOME S. M. CO.. 1031 Market st
SPECIALISTS. '
CATARRH. QEAFNES3 and NOISES In EARS
positively cured: new method: 1 week's treat.
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter at.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Ladies! Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pllla
are best; safe, reliable: tak<» no other. Send 4a
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladies"
In letter by return mail. Ask your druggist.
Chichester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. r».
AXD WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage A Vaa Co.: furnltur*!
household goods stored, moved, shipped. T24*
731 Howard st.. nr. Third: phone Grant 1O.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storag* A Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlve. Ex. 371.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchaa-
dlse. 333 Golden Gats ave. ; phone East 126>
GOLDEN West Storage; advance* mads; 940
Mission st.: tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehftus.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmora at.; phon* Jackson 2*1.
BE KINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.: tel. Main 1840. Shipping at eut rates.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS — W«
tell better machines for less money thaa aay
house In the city: rentals 13. Ths Typ«wrlt»r
Exchange. £36 California; telephone Mala 286.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each: gat par-
ticulars. L. A M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented repaired.
Wabater Typewriter Inapec. Co.. 508 Market.
PROPOSALS. ~~[
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS.
OFFICE OF THE BOARD OV STATE HAR-
bor Commissioners. Union Depot and Ferry
House. San Francisco, California. Novem-
ber 16, 1903.
Sealed proposals cr bids will, be received at
this tfflca at or prior to 2:15 o'clock p. m.
on Wednesday. December S3. 1903. for tha
construction cf a section of seawall and
wharf along sama to b« located between
King and Channel streets on th« water
front of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco. In accordance with the plans) and
specifications prepared therefor by tha Chief
Engineer of the. Board and adopted by ths
Board August 27. kjCQ. and on fils in this
office, to which special refereno» is hereby
made. The work to be dons under thess
specifications consists in furnishing all ma-
terials and labor for constructing and eract-
ing a stone seawall with end embankments
and a wharf. It Is estimated that the sea-
wall and end embankments will contain
about 90.000 tons of stcne; the wharf will
contain 36.060- square feet af wharf sur-
face. This section cf the seawall will ex-
tend from the intersection of tha northerly
line of Channel street (prolonged easterly)
with ths water front line, six hundred (600)
feet northerly alcne said water front line.
The materials to be used for tha construc-
tion of the seawall and end embankments
will consist of stone not subject to decom-
position nor disintegration by tha action of
sea water or air.
Two classes of stone will be reccgnlxed.
The first class will Indudo stons of one or
more cubic feet la fair assortment cf sizes
between one and four cubic feet; no objec-
tion will be made to stone larger thaa four
cubic feet; this class of stone must be fret
of seams and marked lines of cleavage.
The second class will Include stone of less
than one cubic foot, in assorted sixes, bat
no stone less than five pouads will b« ao-
- cepted at the Quarry.
The materials for the construction ef ths
wharf will consist of ths requlsits quanti-
ties cf first c'.asj. close grained. Douaias
yellow fir piles and yellow fir lumber (mer-
chantable quality), wire rope, wrought lroa
bolts, spikes, etc.. aU of the best quality
and subject to a rigid examination.
No bid will be received unless it Is made
en a blank form furnished from this office
and Is accompanied by a certified check far
five per cent of the aggregate amount cf
the bid. payable to the order of the Secre-
tary cf the Board, as a guarantee oa the
part of the successful bidder that he will
within six (8) days after the acceptance of
the bid enter Into a written contract to d»
eaid work, according to the plans and spec-
ifications prepared therefor, and will also
execute and file with this Board a bond ia
such sum as the Board may deem adequate
with a surety company, to be approved by
the Board of State Harbor Commissioners.
and conditioned for the faithful performance
of ruch contract: nor will said bid be con-
sidered by this Board unless delivered to tha
secretary or to the assistant secretary, at
the office of the secretary, at or Drtor to
2:13 o'clock p. ra. on Wednesday, Decem-
ber 23. 1903. at which time and place the
bids will be ocened.
The Board reserves the right to reject any cr
all bids If deemed for the best interest cf
the State. •
Bidders are Invited to be present at the opea-
ici of the bids.
CHAS. H. SPEAR.
JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK.
J. D. MACKENZIE.
Board of State Harbor Commissioners.
LOTT D. NORTON. Chief Engineer.
JOHN M. EOY. Secretary.
PROPOSALS— Bids wanted. Notice Is hereby
giver; that sealed proposals will be received
by the board of directors of the Veterans'
Home of California, at Ha office, room 13. 320
Sansome St.. San Francisco. Cat. up to 11
. o'clock a. m.. SATURDAY. DECEMBER 5.
1003, and opened Immediately thereafter In tfcs
presence of bidders, for furnishing and deliv.
ering Quartermaster and cotnmUsary aupplie*.
etc.. for the Veterans' Home. Napa County.
California (railroad station YountvUle).for six
months, commencing Jan. 1. 1304. and ending
June 30. 1004. Schedules with information
and instructions for submitting bids will te
lurnlihed upon application by the under-
signed. Bidders will carefully follow the con-
ditions of the schedules, and no bid will be
considered unless it Is ia accordance wiO
auch schedules. Bids on tea. coffee and sngar
must be made on samples submitted. No bid*
will be received from parties who are not
regular dealers la and carrying stock ol sup-
piles oa which they bid. Each bidder must
accompany his bid ~ with a certiaed check
upen some well-known and responsible bank-
ing-house for at least 10 oer cent of the
amount of his bid. payable to C. Mason
Kir.r.e treasurer, conditioned that the bidjer
will cater Into a good and valid contract
upon notice of acceptance, as required by law.
The board reserves the right to reject any or
all bids, and to order any quantity over or
under the amount sceclfled. Address" JOH.V
F. SHEEHAN. Secretary of the Board of Di-
rectors of th- Veterans" Home of California,
room 13. 220 Sansome street. San Francisco.
Cal. '
By order of the Board of Directors.
JOHN F. SHEEHAN. Secretary.
For Additional Classified AdvartU*-
me»ta See Paj« Fortj-Six.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
460-462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
A 8ACRIFICE OF $5500.
' $7000 — Splendid modern 2-story house, 11 roorns
and bath; beautiful terraced lot. 100x150;
I northeast corner; fine stable and grounds;
choice elevated location; rents $45; cost
$12,500; a bargain.
FORCED SALE.
$3500— Elegant, modern, new home. 6 rooms
and bath; owner Involved and must sell;
only $250 down, balance same as rent;
make offer.
UNEQUALED BARGAIN.
$40CO— Modern 10-room home; open plumbing,
electricity, gas, bam; terraced lot, 75x150;
south frontage; marine view; drainage and
climate periect; choice location on the
heights.
i REDUCED FROM $5000.
! $4500 — Magnificent house of 9 rooms and bath;
fine lot. £0x140; modern in every detail;
barn, driveway, lawn; $3000 flat loan can
remain."
TELEORAPH-AVE. RESIDENCE.
$4650— New, modern colonial. 8 rooms; fully
equipped with all recent appliances; lot
32xloO: situated near Telegraph ave. and
Thirtieth st,
A SELECT PROPERTY.
$5250 — Splendid modern home, 8 rooms: sun-
rhir.e ail clay; artistically and convenient-
ly arranged; 40 feet east frontage; Tele-
' graph ave.. close In; must sell.
i $3S50— .Modern cottage. 8 large rooms: sunny
. . corner: 70x100; near locals and street car
. lines; short walk to business center; re-
duced for quick eale.
$4250 — Modern house, 9 rooms and bath: lot 50x
100; close to center of city; $3000 mort- ,
gag« can remain.
$1500 — cirner business lot. 50x120; fine oppor-
tunity; Frultvale; offer wanted.
A PICTURESQUE HOME.
$3100 — Beautiful modern residence, 7 rooms and
bath; fine terraced lot; prettiest location
In Oakland; 1 block to car lln« and near
Lake Merritt; easy terms.
GOOD INVESTMENT.
$2600 — Modem house. 0 rooms and bath; In good
condition; short walk to Broadway and
near local trains; rents $25 and situation
guarantees permanent tenants.
$2200 — Modern cottage. 6 rooms and bath; pret-
tily situated; lot 50x105; near car lines;
sacrifice.
BARGAIN.
51S50 — Extra well built 2-story housa. 8 rooms
and bath; in perfect condition; cement
basetr.ent and sidewalks; not a dollar to
expend for repairs; 50 fset frontage; near
Market st.. close In.
$1500— New, modern cottage, 5 room* and bath:
$700 cash, balance $11 25 month; owner
must tell.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
' 460-462 Eighth St..
Oakland.
GEORGE H. VOSE, 1118 BROADWAT.
$5100— 2 flats and cottage In rear, bringing In
$60 per month, which Is more than 14 per cent
on vonr Investment; close In.
$2750 — Cottage of 6 rooms and bath, near
Fan Pablo and only 3 blocks from Fourteenth
st. and San Pablo ave.; this pays 12 per cent;
25 feet front.
$17,000— « flats, enly 8 blocks from Broad-
way; rent for $170 per month; pays 12 per
cent on Investment.
$6000 — i fiats on 5Oxi20 feet: rent #»r $60
per month; pays 12 per cent per annum.
GEORGE H. VOSE. REAL ESTATE.
111? Broadway, Oakland.
BARGAINS In Piedmont residence lota. Includ-
ing all kinds of flowers and shrubbery ; will
build to cult. Box ?54. Call office. Oakland.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent* — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OAKLAXD HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent — $27 50; unfurnished modern 8-roota
house, with good (table; on Twelfth ave..
East Oakland: near street cars snd school.
E. H. WELCH A CO.. Fifth ave. and Eight-
eenth st.. Oakland.
OAKLAXD ROOMS TO LET.
VENDOME AND GRAND HOTELS.
P.'.'.u, Washington and CIO Ninth sts.. Oak-
land: furnished rooms en suite cr single, with
or without board: special rates to families.
OAKLAND FURX1TUHE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furnl-
turc. H. Schellhaaa. 11th sl.cor.Btore.Oaklnd.
EMPLOYJIEXT OFFICES.
GEOP.GE A OKI. 42T^Post"~iT; tel. Buih~135^
Japanese-Chinese employment office: fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc
A — ORPHEUM Employment OfSee— Japane**-
| Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
j A — GRAND Japaneee-Chlnece Ems. Office. 415
Etocktcn; tel. Grant 1CS; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel Main 1937. BRADLEY A CO.. 640 Clay.
EUPLOY3IEXT WASTED FEMALE.
AN American woman wishes to take charge
cf a rooming-house or keep house for wid-
ower; no objection to cook for hired men.
MRS. H. COOK. 124 Eleventh St.. city.
A MIDDLE aped lady of literary tastes would
like a situation as chaperon or companion;
able to give advice about manuscript. Ad-
dress W. box 4536, Call.
COMPETENT narse wishes engagements; con-
finement or Invalids; cheerful, painstaking;
references: moderate terms. MRS. KING,
817 Geary at.
AN experienced nurse desires engagements;
surgical or confinements; reference; reason-
able: careful: economical Call or address
MRS. MERRITT. 127 Seventh st.
COMPETENT woman, can do all kinds of day
work; can give the best of references; $1 50
per day and car fare. Call or address "J.
V.," 1403 Pevlsadero st.
! EXPERIENCED German nursery governess de-
sires situation with children over 4 years of
age; best references. Box S53. Call. Oakland.
A COMPETENT girl wishes to do general
housework; wages from $25 to $30. Apply
Park Hotel. Alameda.
A WOMAN wants work for Wednesdays; wash-
ing, ironing and housecleanlng: $1 50 a day.
Address box 4765. Call.
GOOD woman wishes work by the day; good
laundress, cook and ¦ chamber work. Box
4519, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by elderly lady as house-
keeper; excellent cook. 1722 Market ft.;
phone South 930.
RELIABLE, competent woman wishes posi-
tion as general housekeeper. Box 4756. Call.
GERMAN girl wants to do housework and as-
sist with cooking. Address box 4528, Call.
POSITION wanted as eook or will do house-
work; references. 214 Fifth st. -
A YOUNG lady, educated, of good family,
wishing to have her expenses paid East,
will go as lady's companion, nurse or in
almost any capacity. Bex 4558. Call.
YOUNG lady who has had training in a sani-
tarium would like to care for Invalid lady or
gentleman. Address "A," . Call office, San
Jose, Cal. •__
A REFINED middle-aged lady wants a posi-
tion as housekeeper for a email family. Ap-
ply or address Mrs. V. P., 1058 Pacific st.
WANTED — By a reliable woman, houseclean-
infe- by the day. ' Apply Mrs. R., 3355 26th st.
A YOUNG colored girl would like a situation
to do light housework and plain cooking.
Box 4583. Call office. ¦_
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Baxaar. 633 McAllister st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
MAJT 60 years old. 45 years', experience in dry
goods, clothing, gents' furnishings and boots
and shoes; can keep books, order and corre-
spond; is a good penman; strictly sober and
reliable; can give the best references; no ob-
jection to country; will be satisfied to work
for small wage*. Address box 4530, Call. .
FIRST-CLASS Installment houses — For your
domestic dry goods department, experienced
salesman In linens, curtains, blankets, etc ;
excellent stock keeper; first-class references.
Bex 4757. Call office. -
GENTLEMAN of extensive general buslneaj
knowledge, understands accounting thorough-
ly, now filling responsible position, would
contract to make change about Jan. 1. Box
4524. Call office. ,
YOUNG man holding position at present desires
any kind of work .during the early evening
hours. . Box 4512, Call. . _
BARTENDER wants position; city or country;
good reference. Box 4522. Call office.
YOUNG German (34), Industrious, willing to
do anjrthinr, wishes position. Box 40M, Gall
EMPLOYMENT WAXTEP- -MALE.
ENERGETIC salesman of good appearance. 7
years" experience, is desirous of accepting po-
sition as traveling salesman with mercantile
house; good references. Box 4523. Call.
WANTED — Position as bookkeeper or as assist-
ant by young man of 5 years' experience;
quick. "accurate and good penman ; can give
best cf references. Box 4554. Call office.
EXPERIENCED and willing young man wants
position in wholesale house as salesman or
assistant bookkeeper; good references. Box
4531. Call office.
EXPERIENCED waiter; has worked in flrst-
class English, French and Italian restaurants,
cafes. East, and speaks came; wishes sltua-
tlon.' Box 4768. Call office.
EXPERIENCED laundry distributer desires
position In city; 6 years' experience, some
experience in marking room. Address box
4552, Call office.
Al CLOTHING and gents' furnishing goods
salesman capable of taking full charge, of
either department; 20 years' experience;
country preferred. Box 4762, Call office.
POSITION by experienced salesman from the
East; desires to locate here; has handled
cutlery and grocers' specialties. Box 4517,
Call o'fflce^ .
GOOD piano player as bartender, with few
hundred dollars, wishes a position In saloon
business in country town. Box 4513, Call.
YOUNGman. German, clerk and typewriter,
best references, wishes position. L. MZL,
box 4761. Call office. -
A TEMPERATE colored man would like to
obtain a position as Janitor or porter; best
of references. Address box 4550. Call office.
AN elderly man, reliable, good references,
wants position as night watchman. ' JACOB
BAKER, room 110. Winchester House.
EXPERIENCED young man wishes position
as coachman driver or the caring of horses;
references. Box 855. Call office. Oakland.
EXPERIENCED gardener, best references,
wants steady position in dry or near by. Box
4533. Call office.
WANTED — Poeltlcn by thoroughly competent
male etenographer; 3 years' experience; Al
references. Box 4534. Call office.
YOUNG Swede, 22 years old, wishes position;
willing to do anything; will work for small
wages. Address box 4525, Call office.
YOUNO man desires position with reliable
house where he may advance; 3 years' office
experience; best references. Box 4526, Call.
YOUNG man 22 years old. of good character
and neat appearance, desires employment.
Box 4516. Call office. .¦
! YOUNG man, 22, sober and reliable, wishes
work of any kind in city. Address box 4537,
Call office.
YOUNG man. going to night school, wishes
position Wn hotel or private house. HENRY
BERGEN. Ill Prospect place.
WILLING young man. 10, and fine penman, da-
slres position In office or wholesale house.
Box 4520, Call office.
POSITION wnnted by energetic, ambitious and
thoroughly experienced accountant and man-
ager; desires on account wife's health to
leave Chicago; will consider nothing but emi-
nently desirable propositions, as he Is earning
a large salary and has no reason for wishing
to change other than given above; bond If
required. Address MERRILL, 4051 Prairie
ave.. Chicago. 111.
ENGINEER'S position wanted, city or coun-
try, by an experienced engineer and machin-
ist Holding a U. S. Inspector's license; ref-
erence. Address Engineer. 204 San Jose ave.,
city. '
BARKEEPER, well recommended, first-class
mixer. New Tork and San Francisco experi-
ence, wants position; city or country. Box
4557. Call.
ALL-ROUND mechanic, general blacksmith,
woodworker, upholsterer, cobbler, etc., in in-
stitution, public or private, or elsewhere.
D. W. J.. 1764 Fifteenth «t-
A RELIABLE young man. 22 years of age.
would like position in electrical line; has had
considerable experience. Box 4555, Call office, j
POSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable Scan,
dlnavian on city or country place as coach-
man, gardener and general utility man; can
milk and understands his business thorough-
ly; references. Box -J.'.ut, Call office.
WANTED— By a first-class mechanic, painting,
paper hanging or tinting, by the day or con-
tract: all tools (urntkhed. R. D. MAR-
SHALL. 423 Douglass st.
A YOUNG man would like to work in aa auto-
mobile shop to learn the business. Box 4579.
rail office.
WANTED— By experienced retail grocery man.
a few hcurs' work datly; cigar stand pre-
ferred. Address box 4503. Call office.
A PAINTER, paper-hanger, whltener wants
work; has all tool"!. 1302 Webster St.; tele-
phone Jackson 1321.
TO publlFhers — Practical printer and Journalist
wishex management of publication. B.. 765
Market st.
ETUDKNT wants pcflUon In dental laboratory;
has had 1 year's experience. Box 4532. Call.
YOL'NG Japanese boy wishes situation as
schoolboy or half day work. M. NONAKA.
S.Q7 Polk et.
JAPANKSF iwhoolboy wants pofltlon us waiter;
can speak English. 1 "BEN. box 450ft. Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce,,<:or. Duncan A Church sts.
EDCCATIOXAL.
HEALD' S BUSTS : ESS COLLEGE. 24~POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. EnglUh branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
; HINMAN'S Academy: a •horough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polle st..
between Pine and California; both adult and
1 children's claeges are now open for tha geason.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket St.; (pedal summer course In all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; Ufa scholar-
shlp. $50; day and evening sessions. - . *
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln «£
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; Individual In-
struction. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor: day and evening session*. Phelan bldg.
THE PAUL GERSON School of Acting. th»
foremost Institution of the kind in the entire
West; 12 teachers: send for catalogue. Native
Sons' bldg.. 414 Mason st.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Buslneas College. 1236
Market rt. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
gay and evening sessions; write for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs., Teutonia Hall, Howard st., nr.
Oth. Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day. ev.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD"S School of Mines A Electriclty.24 Post
St.. 8. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
"KINGSLAND art colors" are the best for
painting wood, leather and photos. OLIVIA
KINGSLAND. -
A COMPETENT pianist would like a few
more pupils; 25 cents per hour. Box 4514,
Call office.
SOPRANO Ju«t from the East wants church
position; good reader. Box 45C2. Call.
EUGENE DE FOREST SCHOOL OF ACTLN'gT
Saratoga Hall. 840 Geary St.; call 2 to B.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st.... Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve. $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr. 6th.
LOST A.VS FOUXD.
LOST.
At football grounds, or between there and Junc-
tion of Market and Taylor sts., a gentle-
man's purse containing money and large dia-
mond ring. 1 diamond shirt stud, 1 plain gold
ring. etc. Finder olease return to S29 San-
some st. and receive $400 reward. Including
money in purse. •
LOST— From Palo Alto Stable, O'Farrell st..
: large blue Dane dog, "Prince" ; white spot
on chest; welcht 140 pounds; cropped ears;
liberal, reward. LEE S. FOX, 222 Mason St..
phene John 2301. \ •. ¦ ¦
LOST— Between . 6 and 7 o'clock, goins from
Washington and Hyde sts. to Fourth and
Townsend a diamond screw shirt etud.' Lib-
eral reward for return to 1506 Washington st.
LOST Collie pup male, about S months old;
white on breast; no collar on. Return to
707 Ashbury st.; tel. Park 323. -
LOST— Friday evening, a necklae* of gold
beads valued as a keepsake; liberal reward.
Return to 2SS1 Howard st. "'. •
LOST— Pair of rimless glasses in front of Call
bldg. Finder pleas* return to this office and
receive reward ;. .. '¦;..¦. - " :
LOST— Scarf pin, 3 pearls, small diamond in
center. • Return 210 Market st. Reward.
LOST— Fox terrier; female: last year's license;
reward. Blackhawk Stables, 1009 Valencia
st. Tel. Mission 15. , » " . - . ..¦¦•,¦
LOST — Brindle and white bulldor: tag -No.
443.1. Return to MISS; JOHANNSEN, 423 i4
¦Oak st... and receive reward.
LOST— Draft and * two checks payable Ramon
Dlax.' Rsturn fr'cw •vTestern Hotel; reward. :
IT will pay to "Remember*: that ths California
¦Watch Case " Co..;: 220 :¦ Sutter . st.,' needs . old
cold and sllTer ta soaH» new watel* causa.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
WOODWARD. WATSON A CO..
Real Estate Agents and Dealers,
! 1172 Broadway, comer Fourteenth et.
ALBION-ST. HOME.
$4500.
A very »rttty home of 7 rooms, bath, cement
basement and ail modern lmcrovements; good
barn; tb« owner has left Oakland and has
reduced the price from $C0OO for quick sale.
NEW HOME.
$5000.
In a choice neighborhood; large lot; best
slfie of street; close to train and electric cars;
th» house contains 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc. ;
J handsomely finished; the parlor and .dining-
I room are extra larse; large front porch; a
I bargain,
i _^^____
' /• TELEGRAPH-AVE. HOME.
$5500.
This is a bargain; lot is 42x115; the hou«e
j contains 0 rooms,- bath, laundry; «J1 modern
Improvements, heater, attic and basement; the
! hous« Is In first-clars condition and alone coet
. more than price asked.
HOME AND INCOME.
$(3000.
On nonh side of etreet; cloee to Telegraph
I »ve. ; large let; thfre are two houses, one o* 8
| rooms and one cf 7 rooms; all In fine condition.
FOR EXCHANGE.
$C500.
A very fine home; clcse to traina and car
j line?; large lot, 100x150; beautiful lawns, flow-
; crs. etc.; large cottage. 7 rooms, bath, large
t basement; furnace; modern improvements;
i large stable; will exchange the equity for lots
i cr smaller place; bank loan of JS500; this
I property coat $15,000.
JUST COMPLETED.
$4750.
A hAr.dsorr-e new home, on the high ground
j of East Oakland: elegant view; the lot is
; 45xl2<>: the house has three bedrooms an!
| t>ath above and fear rooms below; large base-
i m*nt: reception hall; hardwood floors all down-
; Ftairc: all rooms below finiehed In oak; every
• modern improvement.
List Your Property With Us.
WOODWARD, WATSON A CO.,
1172 Broadway, corner Fourteenth rt.
j HOLCOMB. BREED A BANCROFT. Inc..
1C«O BROADWAY. OAKLAND. 6aL.
! SPEC™^- SPECIAL.
; lit 50 per month; very fine location; sunny:
fine view; Santa Clara ave., near Vernon
St.. Linda Vista: terms if desired.
g £ j^
$23 00 per foot: fine location; good eurroun<l-
ings; north side; near Telegraph ave.
and cross town route to San Francisco.
, $2750 A BUNGALOW COTTAGE $2750.
6 rooms; reception hall; connecting par-
lor and dicing -rooms; cozy window seats;
fine mantel; bookcas« and china closet:
pas and electric lighting; open plumb-
ing; porcelain bath; nickel trimmings;
medicine chest and every up to date fea-
ture for comfort: must be seen to appre-
ciate its good value: clos« to Telegraph
ave.; lot 37:6x115; re« photo and plana at
offlcs.
M. A. B.
! S2500 JX'ST COMPLETED $2500
New 7-roorn house: modern: lot 40x135:
north side: elegant view of Berkeley hills
ar.d Golden Gate; close to Key Route to
Fan Francisco and 5 car lines; terms If
¦desired.
INVESTMENTS
j $4.000 — 2 fiats; pays $**0 per annum.
! $?-2O0 — t fiats; pays $1100 per annum.
] $21.000 — 8 Cats; re-ys ?223S per annum.
See our list of bank rropertles. Low prices
: and easy monthly parments.
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT. Inc..
1060 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
j ZZZZ
#
j '
==
} A. J. SNYDER.
REAL ESTATE BROKER * PEALER.
467 NINTH ST..
OAKLAND.
TELEGRAPH-AVE. HOME.
j $6000 — This frlendid house of 8 rooms and
bath, with let 5Oxl25, on Telegraph ave..
in the best residence eecUon; reduced for
$2500— FINE 5-roora cottage, extra room In
fioored basement; near cars and Adeline sta-
tion.
$2600 — Bargain; nearly new li$ -story house
6 rooms and bath; reception hall, barn, chick-
! en yard; 34x100.
$2S00— Price Just reduced, for 5-rootn cottage.
n«sar business center: $!C00 mortgage; will
i rent for $25; nearly new.
. ¦-.¦•:.*'-.
; $3000 — Colonial home, 6 rooms and bath, re-
ception hall, gas and electric lighting; near
! "Key Route" ferry; owner going north.
I $3000— Near Market-st. wtation and cars; 7
rooms and bath; bam; Just painted; 51x125 ;
part caeh.
$3250 — Elegant new 2-story bouse. 6 rooms
and bath; laundry; lncloeed back porch; fine
i bevel glasj front door; 40x125; view of hills
and Lake Merritt.
S. M. DODGE A SON,
1160 Broadway, Oakland.
JAS. S. NAISMITH.
Real Estate. Notary Public.
534 THIRTEENTH ST.
Offer wanted — 10th ave., close to 18th St.; lOOx
150; fine buildine lot.
$5CO — On Campbell st., short distance from
14th: easy tenns or will lend buyer money to
build with.
North Oakland sr.ap; 60x120: for $275.
Here's another! 00x200, on 47th et., for $700;
worth ?750.
Corner on Telegraph ave. in South Berkeley:
100x125; will cut into 6 lots: $2000 takes It;
this Is less than $21 per foot.
S-room bouse, short distance from Grove and
ICth sts., with 60-foot lot; will be sold for
$3300; the lot is worth this price.
6- room cottage, close to Grove and 23d sts.;
will be sold for $2350: easy terms.
IMPROVED PLACES ARE HARX) TO DE-
SCRIBE IN AN AD.
Call end see me if anything is wanted.
We have lots of them and can salt you.
NOTE OUR NEW LOCATION.
534 THIRTEENTH ST.
$1550— A SUNNY, modern cottage. 5 rooms, on
north side of Thirty-second et. ; lot 25x100;
street work and sidewalk done.
$1650— 5- room house on Sycamore st: lot
G0xl20 (house old); must be sold; owner a non.
resident.
$1750— Modern cottage, almost new, on Myr-
tle tt. : lot 25x100; high basement; nickel
plumbing.
C. K. MARSHALL. 111S Broadway.
fCOO CAEH, $12 monthly; 6 rooms and bath;
1 -i-Etrr;.' house. Queen Anne style; 3 fine
lota, 75xlCO; all fenced: good well of water.
j immense shade trees surrounding; extra qual-
ity soil; running mountain water; a cory
home and a bargain: price in all. $1500; ad-
joining East Oakland; near car line arid fine
Echcolhcus". Call cr send for circular, 455
S-vfr.th st.. cpp. EroatJiray Station. Oak-
! land; carriage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
t ¦
j $1475 — COTTAGE and lot; cory and sunny side
j of etreet: walking distance to Fourteenth
and Broadway; ea?y terms. THE ALDEN
COMPANY. 1118 Broadway. .
$4CO0— 2 FLATS; all modern; rents $47 50;
near Broadway; good investment. THE AL-
DEN COMPANY. 111S Broadway.
$21,000—8 NEW. modern flats; yearly Income
$2258; good corner property.
THE ALDEN COMPANY.
1118 Broadway.
100x100 OR In subdivisions. $11 per front foot;
street work and sidewalks complete; East
Twenty-third st. and Twenty-sixth avenue,
East Oakland, or will build on terms to suit.
J. H. YOUNO. Boildrr. 1213 Park st.. Alameda
¦ . MEDICAL.
MEDICAL profession, attention — 16-rooa resi-
dence, high basement, large outhouse for ser-
vants or patients, shade trees, beautiful gar-
den; lot 57x235; rear entrance; located in
warm belt of Alameda; particularly adapted
for sanitarium; must be sold; great bargain.
J. S. HANLEY. 1310 Park st.
MRS. DR. WYETU. specialist for aU xamaie
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to 326 Post at.
MR3. ER. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fa-
rnale troubles and irregularities; instant re-
llef guaranteed. 1008 tt Market St.. opp. 3th.
VALPEAITS female pills; best regulating pills
sold; pric» $2 50 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets: prlca $2 50. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists, Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this . specialist on female
' complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st. ¦ V T:-.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 TUrk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
in obstetrics, female complains; inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours, 10 to 5; 25 yrs. exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable ladles-
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
A maternity villa: private; secluded; confiden-
tial. Dr. E. Funke, 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
DR. ROSEN resides 2005 Folsom St., corner
2flth; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MR3. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1120 Market st.
DR. KG TOY KEE. 310 Powell St.. opposite
Union pquare: all disease* cured by herbs.
MILLIXERY.
LADIES— 200 stylish hats to select from; leas*
sold, must vacate February 1. 1904; save
money by calling on MME. DO3CH. 207 Post.
PRIVATE millinery: hats remodeled: ladles'
own material used; prices reasonable. 50O
Turk et. .
MIXES AXD MIWIXO.
FOR sale— 2 *eod Tonopah mining claims. Box
852. Call office, Oakland.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-107 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? -
Repair it with elaterite; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for ww roofs.
ELATERITE RgOFINQ CO.. 713 Market St.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers. ' engines, puni?.
pulleys, charting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y Co.. 130-132 BeaU st.
A— Fine suits. $7 50; dress pacts. $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny st..
Bear Bush; open to 9 p. ra. ; Sunday to noon.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st:, near
Pine; open till 8 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
2 TSxlG HORIZONTAL tubular boilers, front
and all flttlnes. TRACY ENGINEERING
CO., 151 Fremont «t.. San Francisco.
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost:
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
sent free. R. E. Revalk A Co.. San Francisco.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay «xpr»ja
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog, free.
LADIES', gents' castoff clothing bought; old
gold, silver, etc. COLEMAN. 506 Kearny
St.; tel. Green 842.
FOR SALE^ — About 3000 feet of 6-in. terra
cotta patent chimney flues; Steiger pattern.
Apply 610 Shrader st.
DESKS and Bafts; see the complete line at 1S19
Market, ab Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
I —
j FOR sale — Fine sealskin coat; buet 3$; selling
account departure. 8102 California st.
THIS week only, our beautiful ?5 cabinet pho-
toB. folder «tyle. $2. The Fad. 1204 Market.
THOROUGHBRED Irish setter pups cheap.
1114 Vermont st.
GASOLINE encines for sale. Bay City Iron
Works, 3d and Washington sts.. Oakland.
Printing office. S CAP. presses, motor cutter.
type, fixtures; doing good business. 29S6. Call.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
A VERY fine diamond heart for $210 at W. J.
HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st. .
8. 6 AXD 10 hp. gasoline engines; 2d-hand; all
sizes; new. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Market.
NEW and second hand machinery of all kinds.
KROOH MNFO. CO.. 5^9 Market st. ,
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard A Breck. 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittings: all sizes. E&
GENE RILEY & SONS. 100 ValleJo st.
SAFES — New and second hand. E. B. BECK !
A CO.. 122 Market St.
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs :hammocks.
metal beds,mattresse».J.F.Hotter.712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Badgalupi. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 44 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MISCELLAXEOUS WAXTS.
WANTED^ — An assortment of fine table linen;
must be In good condition. Address box 4523,
Call.
WANTED — Second-hand music box. in good or-
der; state price. 39S1 Twenty-fifth st.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1149 Market st. ; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-oft
clothing; send postal. MORRIS. 870 Folsom.
T1LTON wants good eecond-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. : tel. Jessie 2851.
A BIG price paid for sealskins; send postal.
85 Ptockten st ; phone Bush 4S4.
9IOXEY TO LO AX.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-ti03 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust.
etc: legacies, lifo estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money ¦ ¦, t •-
See HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal; to permanent salaried people on
their note without security or knowledge of
employer; lowest rates: no commission. NA-
TIONAL CREDIT CO.. OS and C3 Donoho*
building. 1170 Market st.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
niture, pianos or to salaried people on their
note; proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO.. r. 16. Phelan bid., tel. Main 704.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. 'Baldwin Jewelry Store. -S49
Market st.; tel. Main 1644. Branch. It) Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried' people, retail mer-
chants. . teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business In
48 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano: no remov.
al. no commission, no publicity ;?25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN "OFFICE, 103 Grant ar«L.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
MONEY to lean on low Interest; rold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stcnes bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
TO salaried people without security: en furni-
ture; indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
YOU can borrow more money en your furniture
than any other place in city; no commission.
612 Parrott building; phone South 655.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy; no comtnls9ion:installmcnts accepted.
BONELLI. 601 Eddy, Conservatory building.
OPEN Credit Ass*n. loans on salaries confiden-
tially; new, simple plan. Room 50. S19 Market.
$25,000 TO loan in sums and upon terms to
- suit. Electric Collection Co., 622 Montgomery
MONEY ¦ loaned to salaried employes. G. W.
MILLER, room- 74. gth floor. Chronicle bldg.
3% ON furniture A pianos; $15 up; no removal.
: Vi TREMAIN.-room 81, 6 Eddy at., floor 4.-
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Ma-
, tual Savings Bank bldg.. 705 Market st.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
¦; mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 539 Kearsy.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 811. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
, ¦;. >::.:. MPWCAK :^1XSTRJUMEXTJ^^^^
BAND Instruments: ' F. ' Besson. Paris, maker:
Gu» Malwald." Agt. Pac Coast. 278 O'Farrell;
skillful repairing; ' 2d-hasd ' Instruments sold.
A STECK upright mahogany, nearly new;
must bs sold.. 216 McAllister st. -
ALMOST naw upright; cheap: cash or install-
meat. fiCHJtflTZ * CQ» 10 McAllister st.
"I:EHKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
PKRKELCY^K^I' ESTATE.
ALL GOOD BUYS.
««<O0— Fosr-roots bocs*: chicken yard; fine
• v.el!; ttre«t «* erei; large lot; handy to
cart; ta good condition.
.>t900— Five-rocra house; ala-.oet new; modern
- plcnbtng; hish Lasemest; street wcrk
complete :' har'ir to car?.
*2C00 — H&iieson> ir....Uerii 7-rooci house; fine t
location; nfeet wort coru>lete; lot 50x '
14«; caa be sold en ternu.
$CV(0 — New 6-roos: rouse; etreet work com- |
plete- fiae location; cloee to cars; $200
cash ar.d'*25 per raer.th buys this place.
¦$2J»?0— Two flat*. I* rooms In all; every ccn-
•\-enlence: 2 ch:mneys; etre*t work com-
piete; !• t 4fxl20; cloee to cars; fruit
trees, ate.
f2T^> cash, ba'ianre $20 per month. Come ar.d
*ee cur lift cf residences and business
. . lota,
" • tT. C. SIORAN. Lcriri station
Or C. C. EMSLIi:. Ashty station. •
•ALLEN & ELI.:F SPECIALS.
Bargains in lots, on macadamised streets.
$4V) — I5xi:."v. five blocks of Berrvnian station. I
$CVk— R0xJT5: chde* location; near Ashfcy.
$<3»— 40x135; ]Vj blocks of Berrrman station I
$750— 40x120. three blocks cf Berkeley etatlon! «
'?S5<V— 40x90; choic* location; east cf Shattuck. !
south of Rose.
WO— -40x135; in choice location; east cf Tele- •
graph.
$11*. — Small lot north of Dwight. east of Ful- \
ton.
tlZZS— 50x156; Hlllegass Tract, near Parker. j
••1*75 — BOBttS, south fror.t. In Scenic Tract.
rear Euclid.
$150rt — *4:<x<2; choice location: close to urj- !
vereity and nation.
Jt2000— SrtxL3« ; corper; close. t» university and '
ALLEN * ELLIS.
2129 Cent*r et.. Berkeley. Cal.
t^OCO— GOOD investment; a fine corner, with a ;
. lft-r'v-ra dwelling thoroughly up to date: rent- ¦
?d for $*i per month net. W. J. MORTI- !
VER A- CO- Berkeley. I
$?On— SPLENDID lots on Fu'ton St.; 4ixl20; I
a!l Etreet work done; JVk>>; tenrs if desired, j
. \V. J. MORTIMER & CO. !
'.S3S50— AN up-to-date, r-ew 7-roosi house; lot j
i'\'.Z7 : etreet work done; east cf Shattuck j
ave.
$25 per foot for business property on Shat- i
tuck ave.. «t Berryrr.an Ftatlon. W. J. MOR- !
TIMER A CO.
.$?**'>— FINE lot in the Ferry Bangs tract; stre-t :
wirk all doce; near Telegraph ave. TV. J. i
ilORTIMER A CO.. 2123 Center tt.. Berke-
ley.
J275O — NEW. modem 5-r. cottage; lot 40x135;
«>* block Irom North I>rke!ey nation.
jrooo — 3.^4 acre* on C!ar*n>cr.t ave.; choice lo-
cation fnr ftoe home.
HXW One a.crr. near new Santa Fe depot;
a --:•..«¦- st.
l;50rt — 1<*4 feet on Grove *t.. r.ear Parker; this
price for limited titre; thr»e factory sites i
cr. rsi'road. TTejt Berkeley, for ?s!e.
«<1O'i — 40 lots. West Berkeley, on R. R.; hest i
t-usiBes* block In North Berkeley; notr !
r^n'ei an( i paying 8 per cent on asking j
price.
JI.W>-;-r. r.«use; Carlton «t. ; I«t 2<V>x270.
I.*rr» Vr. of houses and lots for sale.
CHENEY & BERRY.
___^ Pestoffie Block. Berkeley.
THE key f> the sltBUlcB 1* the key route to ;
tny office direct; only 36 minutes from San t
Francisco.
Do yea ws.at a beautiful home ©r a fine I
let in the choicest part of Berkeley? We hav» ;
*-e»» and st moderate- prices and on easy j
terrns.
Ow.e acd look at our dream of a cottage for ]
f2S00 — new ar.3 modern in every particular. I
A'.fn our beautiful seven-rocm house and coun- j
try home*.
JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate.
Corner Shattuck are. and Center #t-. Berkeley, j
f2s<>0 — MODEr.X 2-story house. <5 rooms and I
bath. halt. r*ntry. gas. porcelain plumtlng. '
etc.: lot 40xl3o: fine nelckborhood; $300 c£*h. I
balance like rent. H. D. IRWIN. Lcrtn «ra- i
tioo. I
fiV» — ELEGANT new cnttage. 5 rooms, larjr* !
i--*ll. !*•>-.. MLsemmt. etc.: tinted wall: per- 1
celain plumbing: electric lights; fenced: cor- ]
n*r let; »tr»et work done: close to both ferry j
train*; *a*y terms. H. D. IRWIN, Lortn '
etation.
FOR »al(» — Choice prej>eTt!*s. improved rr nr- |
• irns>roved. fcr residence or burine**. in all '.
parts c-f tn«rn. Call or write for particulars I
FRANCIS FT^tRIER. Real Estate.
2121 ghattack ave.. on>. BERKELEY *ta. j
LAWTON A ALBEE. real estate, have fcr 6a!e i
Berkley homes, resilience and butlness lots \
at lowert Briefs; choice investment property. \
psylrg 0 j^r cent to 10 r»r rt>zt Det: refer to :
either bar; It tn Berkeley. 2J33 Center rt.
f2.Vrt — NEW fcocne cf J! nycmt; lot 4Oxjno ; I
rtreet work all done: near Ftatfcra. LITTLE .'
& WOOLSEY. rilO Fhattack ave.. Berkeley, i
J^h !
WRITE TO
CENTRAL P.KAL ESTATE COMPANY,
214» CENTER FT.. BERKELET.
FOR ANT INFORMATION CONCERNING
PROPEP.TT IN THIS CITY. j
NEW 5-ro-m <-ottage: rnoderr.: all ronven- |
ierjre*: ore block frcm station. Berkeley, j
Box 475« «"»:i. I
FRUITVALEADYERTlSEMENTsI
mCITVALE REAL ESTATE.
-~~~~~— -~- ~_~^«- — ,
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruit vale Station.
j
1 1275— Good 5-roors crttage and bath, hot and j
cold water; rood well and city water; '•
large lot; $75 down, balance $16 per !
racjrth; 4 blocks from local train.
$1^50— Fine cottage cf four room*, bath. h!*h !
basement, brick foundation; lot 35xl2A; I
half block from electric cars; Snc location.
J2300 — Besxtlful dwelling of <5 rooms ar.4 bath;
fir.* mantel; 7-foot basement, etc.; stable.
fre!t trees; lot 70x135; choice locatlsa;
half block from Fruitvale ave.
m
»:-V-V-Pln« cottage cf 4 large rooms bath,
hall, high basement; lot 37:€xl33; street •
work all done; 3 blocks from local station;
IEJO0 ca*h, ba!ar.oe sarr.e as rent.
»;<500— New cottage of 4 roc:=s and bath, with
ail modern Improvements; 7- foot base,
ner.t; brick foundation; also nice stable;
lot 60x175. all fenced and sewered: la the j
most beautiful and handy location. .
* : CO— Bay-window cottage of S rooms, fine I
rr.ir.tel. bath. large ha!I. 7-foot basement:
os:>- 2 blocks frora Fraitvale station; this I
Is a bank fcrecJosure sal* and a snap.
f.4S0 — New modern cottage of 4 large rooms
ar.d bath. hall, etc.; 7-foct basement: sta-
tionary tuba; gr>od cement foundation; lot
35x123; convenient to local trains.
ICOO— New eottsjc* of 3 Urge roonss; hard fin-
Iihed pantry, clossts, etc.: lot 40xl."», all
fenced; one block frotn electric ears.
H - A. PLETTNEn, Fraitvaie Station.
ETj.lI HURST— New cottage. 3 roorns and bata:
S sriruter walk to poeteffice and cars; large
set: price $300. Call, 56 Erie et.. San Fran.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BEOADWAY.
° AKLA *ELi^ : - AL ' ESTATE.
J. H. MACDONALD & CO ~~
1C52 EP.0AT>WAY. COR. TENTH ET.
SS23 — SpleadM lot on Edward rt. near Tele-
graph ave. : 23x125; good location fcr sell-
ing cr renting.
$: 125— Lot 50x120 on Broadway ; In locality
b-ur.-i to advance.
$:CO0 — Fine northeast corner on Broadway; en
r-.fdrr.cr.t branch cf "Key Route."
$1800— Splendid lot. 50x140. on Eaat Four-
?-eer.th «.. convenient to electric and lo-
cal F.r.ti; fine location fsT fiats; sunny
«'-<Se of street.
5^250 — Ele*ar.t n«w modern cottar* of 5 rooms
*n4 all conveniences; lot 40x145; net built
Jo eel!-, near Etation of "Key Route" and
Ttlegraph-ave. electric cars.
$.XO0^-A fcarpa'n; good, comfcrjable hocse of
. rootr.* « sd a'l conveniences; lot 25x75-
fcar-y tiiit of street; within 4 blocks of
. • Broadway; rents for $35.
WBHAVE THE LARGEST LIST OF RES-
IDENCE. BUSINESS. MAXCFACTTTRIXG.
SPECULATIVE AND INCOME PROPERTY
FOR 6ALE IN OAKLAND. COME BEE VS
EEFORE YOU BUY.
VTM. P TODD 1070 BROADWAY
„ OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$-200 — A r*orth Oakland home of 7 rooms; lot I
Zlxl^Z: ezey terms. j
$2500— A fin* e-roem cottage; lot 50x150; nice
bam; easy teras; fine location.
$0250— N«w 7-rocm colonial home; lot 40x125:
l overlooking Lake Merritt: terms easy;
modern ta evtry particular.
WM. P. TODD. 1070 Bread way.
. Oakland. Cal.
EPLENDID sawmill, with 1500 acres deeded
!*cd; 15,000.000 feet yellow pine; 12 Bilca
from R. R. CU.; Eplendid local market; very
accessible and a. great bargain; owner QUlta
cia «nd laid cp: price $13,000, part down.
A. F. COXXETT, 1200 Broadway. Oakia*-*;
rtot« Bfeck 4iC3.
MUSI CAL rNSTRlTHENTS — <Totf.
SLIGHTLY USED PIANOS. THANKSGIVING
BARGAINS.
1 Woodworth A AUevan ..; $ «*•
1 Arion, rosewood case 1'-° i
1 Draper, mahogany case 1$2 j
1 Wilson tc Co., walnut case !••*!
1 Denniston. oak case 2°->
1 Howard, mahogany case '. 2"-°
1 Epielman A Co.. walnut case 23OI
1 Lester A Co., mahogany case ~"*
1 Byron Mauzy. walnut case 3UO ,
1 Sohmer A Co.. baby grand £$" 1
S Ceclllans. 1903 models 20°!
1 new pipe organ 15C0
BYRON MAUZY. 3CS-310-312 Post st.
WANTED — A large square piano In good order.
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post St.
RENT a piano for $3 p«r month; tre allow six
months' rental of the purchase price it you
wish to buy: this gives you six months' trUl
of the Instrument for cothlng; if the piano
rented does not suit we allow the rental on
any Instrument in our stores;. with such good*
aa the McPhall of Boston, the Schiller and
our own make to select from we can guar-
anteo satisfaction to every one In quality,
price and terms. Se« the . Scott-Curtaa
"Bijou." the smallest full scale piano In San
Francisco. SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO..
&eO-e2-64 Hayes rt.
ALL uprUhta on our bargain s!at» to-day—
Collard. $35; FUsher. $50; Sherman A Hyde,
$100; Weber. $65; KimbaU. $113: Mansfield A
Notnl. K 125; Haynes. $150: American. $1C5:
Chickering. $167; Emerson. $172; Miller.
$175; 2 Steinways. large and small size. $133
and $290; Heine. large style, slightly usjd.
(325. Reuts $2 up. apply on purchase; In-
stallments $4 up. HEINE PIANO CO.. 233-
237 Geary st; Oakland branch. Fifteenth and
Broadway, old P. O. Bldg. Largest exclu-
sive wholesale and retail dealers of th« West.
A CARLOAD of beautiful Draper Bros, pianos
Just received. They are offered as the best
thing In the market for the price, $300. We
hav« also a fine assortment of Behr Bros,
.and Baumelster pianos. Simplex Piano Play.
erg and all kinds of musical lrn>trucsents.
Th5 ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC COMPANY,
769 Market st.
A FINK lot of second-hand uprights from $30
up, including auch nuJcas as Chickering.
Vo?e. Kroe^er. Curtaz, Klrkham. . Pease.
Hardman. Marshall A Wendell. Baus and
ethers. BENJ. CURTAZ A SON, 16 O'Far-
iell Ft. No branches In San Francisco.
A MASSIVE solid walnut case Estey organ.
two banks of keys and pedal baas; cost $750;
your own price. BOWERS & SON, 11 Mason.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright piano:
perfect order; gacrlflce. Keege'a.2S5 O'Farreil.
.Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltehead Storage. 1636 Market st.
SOHMER, Byron ilaury pianos. Ceclltan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. SCg-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. II.
Ml'LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia tt.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET. '
UNION. 1527-9 — For rent: a good location for
hardware and plumbing: store la fitted up
with shelving for hardware, with flat up-
stairs oX 8 rooms and bath.
DESK room In lawyer's office: desirable loca-^
tlon for business maa. Rm 219. Parrott blflg.
STORE with large basement: below Kearny
St.: rent >30. Apply «36 Clay st.. room 1.
PERSONALS.
A special low rate, 30 days only—
M. Ella Harris.
To all whom I have made prices to e.inc»
Jan. 1. 1903. and for th» ensuing 30 days
only. I will make a liberal reduction from
all prices for. my special deep-wrinkle treat-
The lady who has been on exhibition In
the drug store windows may be seen at my
office this week from 10 to 3. in order to ac-
commodate those who have requested to ex-
amine the face more thoroughly in private.
M. ELLA HARRIS,
7«1 O'Farrell street, near Larkln. Call or
write for book explaining method.
BARONS CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE.
Young ladies steadily employed can hare
Baron's cloaks, suits, furs and tallor-mada
suits to order, en weekly or monthly pay-
ments plan, at regular marked prices. Con-
vince yourself by calling on BARON. 763
Market at.
SPECIAL BALE.
Monday. Tuesday and Wednesday, the 23d.
24th and 25th. in the very latest style and
shapes of best velvet hats, trimmed with an
13-inch long real ostrich plume. At 130
Sixth st. •
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves 1U growth.stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching ecalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scaip;at druggists*. hairdressers': ae-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1333 Polk
WRINKLES" and all facial blemishes removed
by new Parisian method; superfluous hair re-
moved by electrolysis : lessons given In man-
icuring; terms reasonable. MME. H. EAST-
WOOD. r. 7C2. Alto bldg.. Bush and Kearny.
YOUR life reading — Many typewritten pages
concerning business, love, health, etc.: free;
send date of birth. 6ex. Address Astropathlo
Institute. Dept. 11. Auditorium bldg.. Chi-
cago; reason, your recommendation wanted.
VITALITY low. debilitated or exhausted cured
by Dr. Kline's Invigorating Tonic; free $1
trial bottle containing 2 weeks' treatment.
Dr. Kline' a Institute. 831 Arch St., Phila-
delphia, founded 1S71. ;*
4 — LETTER received; sorry you are not feel-
ing well: let me know In time about S. J.:
anxious to see you; am well but very busy.
L. and K.
A BRIGHT young woman of pleasing person-
ality, cultivated musician, stringed instru-
ment, desires position as companion to a lady
or children ; highest references. Box 4571. Call.
NOT bow cheap but how good Is the motto cf
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN, 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine cocaine - habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 231 Grant ave..
corner Butter st.; fee moderate. ?.- -¦•--
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 709 Fifth st-, Oakland.
MAN'S best friend — Dr. Mutter's quick cure
for lost manhood; "It does the business";
sample free. KRAIGCO, Chemist, Dept. 204.
Milwaukee. ,Wls.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drags dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1839 Polk St.; consultation free; call or write.
MASSAGE, hand-rubbing treatment and face
vibratory machine: genuine tubs. Prof.
Morris, 406 Geary st., above Mason.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trous-rs at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Taller. 721 Market st.
LIQUOR habit cured In 2 days or no charges:
guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 697 Mar-
ket st.. room 203.
ELEGANT suits on easy Installments: 50 cents
and cp per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127
Market et.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
DANCING Tuesday Thursday. Saturday. Sun.
day evgs., Teutonia Hall. Howard st.. nr.
0th; Prof.' Foster; society dancing taught, j
PALMER HENDRIKSON, formerly of Seattle,
is earnestly requested to write to h!s sorrow-
ing mother, or come home.
FOUNTAIN PEN. 14k solid gold; send fox
special free offer. Acme Pen Co.. box 517.
, Matteawan. NJ Y. -
$5 HATS a specialty this week. 816 O'Far-
rell st. ¦ •-*-¦-
INDIAN bead work and baskets; free cata-
logue. B. B. Rich Curio Store. Portland. Or.
MANUSCRIPTS reorganized, revised or criti-
cized. C. DIXON. 2517^4 Castro st., S. F.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
ANDERSON — Elegant theatrical and masquer-
ade costumes rented. 26 O'Farrell sc
OLD hats made new. 816 O'Farrell st.
6UITS to order en installments. $1 per week.
Neuhacs A Co.. merch.tallors,727-729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair A moles removed by elsc-
trtc needle. Dr. A Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market.
THE best place to buy good umbrellas or
have them covered or repaired is 120 Stockton
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 5o.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1: at all drngsUtV.
Superfluous hair and moles removed with elec-
tric ceedle. Mrs. A Mlsa Eaton. 11 IS Sutter.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 page9. sect to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
rootage paid. ¦ ' .»
PALMTSTRY.
MME. DEVAB.'. scientific palmist and astrolo-
gist; palm readings $1; 3 questions by ex-
; prese. $1: open Tuesday eve. also. 139 Pest st
MME. NEEROAARD has moved to her new
- : bldg.. 242 Pest -.phone James 1; mail readings.
H. JEROME FOSELLL scientific palmist. 51J
Taylor st., near Geary. Phoce Black 541.
* PAPERHANGIXG. PAINTING. ETC.
ROOMS 'papered. $3 50 up: tinting, painting.
_ Hartrnana Palm Co^Sia 3d_at.i.trt. iUla. 4IXTHE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL/ SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 23.- • 1903.
46
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE — Con.
V (BOOMING.)
(Room 400, Examiner Buildlne.)
Phone Black 3607. Take elevator «tq 4th floor.
40 rooms— fSOOO; furniture and building NEW.
21 rooms and RESTAURANT— $1000; clears
«125.
85 rooms — $5000; rent $2S0; ELEGANT furni-
ture.
85 rooms— NETW; will furnish to eult buyer.
It rooms— $1250; APARTMENTS; rent $75;
clean (80.
W rooms — NEW; will furnish to suit buyer.
18 rooma— ?900; 8E CORNER; clears $60.
43 rooms— $3000; one-third down: rent $123;
income $30S; 5-year lease; NEW house;
NEW furniture; price reduced from
$4400; death the cause.
16 rocms— $700; rent |7O; clears $01; T blocks
north; owner In HOSPITAL; must aell.
60 rooms— $1500 cash necessary; NETW house;
FINE furnishings; 7-year lease; clears
$300 month.
20 rooms — EXTRA fine; 20 select boarders;
corner; beautiful lawn: very fine; deara
$150 month.
80 rooms— High class, BEAUTTFULLT fur-
nished; GUARANTEED to dear $650
monthly.
100 rooms— APARTMENTS: clear* $1000 per
month; 6PLKNDID, up-to-date house.
12 rooms— $500; rent $40; clears $40; north.
44 rooms- $4500; TRANSIENT; cleared $488 in
October; books open to bona flde buyer.
C. E. HINKLEY PHONE MINT 790.
1020 MARKET ST., OPP. FIFTH.
SQUARE DEALINGS. CLEAR TITLES.
EASY TERMS. ,
10 rooms; clears $25; rent $20; a snap..$ 200
14 rooms; clears $45; a good buy 600
00 rooma; transient; liquor license 2700
12 rooms; sunny corner; partially fur-
nished BCO
19 rooms; rent $50; housekeeping 650
42 rooms; apartment house; Post at.... 3000
21 rooms; rent $45; price only 800
10 rooms; rents $22 50 200
100 rooms; offices and country transient., 1 500
SPECULATION — 17 rooms; clears $60; rent $45;
price $750; easy terms. HINKLEY, 1020
Market st.
MODERN— 18 rooms; electric lights; leaee;
clears $60; transient; nicely furnished: easy
terms; see thla, C. E. HINKLEY, 1020 Mar-
ket St.
LUXURIOUSLY furnished 50-room modern
apartment house; choice location; long lease;
swelleEt house of the size in the city.
HINKLEY. 1020 Market st.
MONEY-MAKER— 60 rooms; transient; llqupr
license; clears $500; 2 entrances; oak and
maple furniture; a gift at J2750. HINK-
LEY. 1020 Market st.
PARTIALLY furnished 10 rooms, piano Includ-
ed; rent only $28; amazingly low price, $225.
NEWLY furnished 14 rocms; rent $55; choice
location; large yard; oak and mahogany fur-
niture; clears $50. C. E. HINKLEY, 1020
Market it., opp. Fifth.
SEE
TETLOW & DEACON.
Phone Folsom 2957.
1023 Market St., between Cth and 7th,
For . hotels, . roomlng-housea and business
' chances; any part of the city.
HOTEL, 46 rooms, clears $200 month.... $2500
Hotel, -27 rooms, TClears $125 month 750
For sale by WM. K. DUBOIS.
' 2231 Market st.. bet. 15th and 16th.
Phona Church 187.
A— CCOOO; PRIVATE boarding-house, with 40
elegantly furnished rooms, on Van Ness ave.;
rooms always occupied and first-class patron-
age. See R. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
ELEGANT corner flat, 8 rooma. Western Ad-
dition; rent $35; cheap. $000: large list of
bouses, 6 to 200 rooms. EITEL A CARROLL,
212 Kearny st.
WHO wants cheapest, best-paying roomlng-
housa In city? No agent*. Box 4585, Call.
SPIRITUALISM.
» ««»"»¦ - ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦ '¦¦'¦ ¦ ¦ '¦' - ..¦.¦—.•_ ¦ ..,-¦¦.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy St.. nr. Octavia: phone Scott 8S7.
MRS. C. KOTTER— Test circle to-night; devel-
oping circle Man.; sittings dally. 34 6th st.
ETHEL CRINDLE materializing seance Sun-
day eve., 50c. 82S Ell la at; 8 o'clock.
MRS. A. R. SMITH of Portland. 706 Polk St..
room 26. The Gladstone, corner Eddy st.
EDWARD EARLE. J0B2 Ellis, readings dally,
0:30 to 4: sennces Fund.iv and Thursday.
~ CLAIRVOYANTS.
Come and Have Your Life Read by
MRS. DR. E. SANDERS,
And Learn Mental Telegraphy.
How adepts communicate freely and at will
with brother adepts in any part ot the world.
It enables you to attain a success that would
otherwise be beyond the wildest hopes of your
ambition. Its rowers are almost unlimited for
elth«r good or evil. It teaches the power of
secretly controlling others. Persons compelled
to act ( -.ainet their own Judgment and reason
In an/ part of the world. This subtle power
and ln>.uence Is never suspected by the one In-
fluenced. None but those who are Initiated
Into these secrets can hope to avoid this in-
fluence. An adept cannot be Influenced against
hie will.
KNOWLEDGE IS POWER.
With It you can have health, wealth and the
cne you love. Test meetings every Sunday, 8
p. m. Sitting's dally, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
Parlors, 418 Post st.
CASHMIRE.
Clairvoyant and trance medium.
Consulted dally on all important business,
spiritual or material; messages from living
or dead, and names. CASHMIRE spent much
time in the Orient among the occult work-
ers; peer of all clairvoyants, and is the great-
est reader of human destiny alive. Those
who have consulted Cashmlre always send
their friends.
Tells You When and
Whom You Will Marry.
Divorces, Lawsuits, Buried Treasures. •
Learn the Secret
and have your wishes and desires satisfied.
Mediums Developed.
Fees within reach ot all.
305 Taylor st., cor. Ellis.
Cut this out, as it won't appear daily.
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
PalmUt Ever In San Francisco.
1 do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fail to tell your name, occu-
pation and what you called for; I promise to tell
you whether husband, wife or sweetheart is true
or falae; tell you who and when you will marry;
in fact, I will tell you every hope, fear or ambi-
tion better than you can tell youraelf ; I will give
you luvk that wina auccesa in love,marrlage. di-
vorce, business, speculation, mining, health and
loot vitality, etc.; hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m,
326— O'Farrell tt.— -S26. Readlnrs $1.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st. next Examiner
bldg.: sh» reads your life correctly, gives aa
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; If you are in trouble,
discontented or not satisfied In life, or have
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
this great medium and you will be told bow
. to overcome them; valuable adUce In all af-
fairs of ilfe; 25c up: satisfaction guaran-
teed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 4569.
•A-^L-I-V-O-R-N-O, , ..
L-I-V-O-R-N-O,
The World-Renowned Palmist
and Crystal Gazer,
34 KEARNY ST..
Over Hammersmith & Field's. Phone Black 2135.
Three questions by mall, $1. Send month
and year of birth.'
Captain Slgsbee of the Maine says: "Mme.
Llvorno'a reading of my hand waa remarkably
clever." See portrait of Livorno and original
testimonials at entrance.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
«t. cor. Turk; private readlnga daily. 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.; readings by mail aa satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; send lock of hair.. date and-year
of birth; don't send currency. Send postof flee,
Wella-Fargo money order or registered letter.
10c................:. 10c ........ ......10c
THE ORIGINAL ROMANY GYBSY QUEENS.
The only real fortune tellers; your past,
. present and future an open book ; and they
tell it truly; no fairy tales, no faking; come
and see them.
2S5 Geary st.. near Powell.
- 10c... ...... lOo ...lOo
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clair. A palm.,
has second sight; a wonderful prophetess.
I. correctly treat your love 'affairs, domestic
: trouble, bus. and financial success; names;
L.. 60c; G.. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. Q. G. ave.
MRS. VEIN A, wonderful trance medium and
; .• card , reader; just returned from long ab-
ttnec. 406 Geary, near Mason, - room 1.
MRS.', GARDNER, clairvoyant, card reader;
names given; 25c and 50c. 656B Minna st.,
below Eighth. ' - , ; , ¦
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
¦ namea given; 25c up. 5 4th at., near Market
MRS. BROWN. , clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c. gents 50c; readings dally. 152 Sixth st.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c~
gents 60c. 951 Mission gt., nr. 6th; open Sun.
MISS WARD . gives names, dates and facts;
: hours 11 a. m. to 9 p. m. 413 Mason; no sign.
MRS. AVERT clairvoyant ' card reader, 040
Howard st.; ladles only; 25c; no sign..
rnrnni •fF.BVtcr.J.
FJRPT Co-gregatlor:-! Churrh. corner Post ani
Mason Etr.— Pev. George C. Adams. D.D..
;-aMor Will preach at both cervices. At 11
e m.' toi-ic. •¦The Social Duties of the
<"hr:tt'an." At 7:ii p. m.. topic. "A Man
Who Cams :o Jc:u.«." All are cordially in-
-. itcd.
}'LVMO»;TI: Congregational Church. Post St.,
r.rar \\>b«Ur— Rev. I. C. MeBerve. D.D.,
;*a*tor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m.
S'jnrfav (<choo! at 0:"0 a. m. Meeting of
the C E. Society at «:45 p. m. In the even-
lrii: the pastor will sr^ak on "The City as
It Is." this boine the fourth in a series of
Sunday evening discourse* on "Civic and
iSocia' Hlghteousncfs."
TIIIHD Congregational Church, fifteenth St.,
near Mission— Rev. William R^der. pastor,
will preach at hoth services. 11 a. m.. "The
Porch and the Pool." 7:30 p. m.. "Amof—
the Hebrew Hums." Third in eerles en Old
Te*tament rrophets^
FIRPT Presbyterian Church. Van Ness ave.
find Sacrament < ft. — Rev. William I Kirk
Outhrle jastor. Services at 11 a. m. and
'¦3» p *ir. The pastor will preach at both
servicVs. Sabbath f choo! 12:30 p. m. Chris-
tian Endeavor Societies. 3:15 p. m. and «:15
p m. W«__e*daT. S p. m.. mid-week serv-
ice. All are rprdlally Invited.
CALVAP.Y Prtrby'tertan Churcb. corner Jack-
son and FUlmor* sts.— Rev. John Hempnlll.
H D pastor. Morning service at 11 o clock.
Evening service at 7:3!» o'clock. The ra« t0 «;
•TO preach at both services. Sabbath school
at 9:30 a. m.. orchestral music. Christian
Endeavor meeting at 6:30 p. m- p , raJ '^!'
meeting Wednesday evening at 8 o clock. All
are cordially Invited. ,
WESTMINSTER Presbyterian Church, corner
\\>b«e r e r.d Page fit*.— HaJght. Hayen and
Flllrcore st cars convenient. Preaching at
11 a m. bv Rev. J. T. Wills D.D. Topic.
•The Fr'.rtt of True Worship, and at « :43
P m. frtr. "The Essentials of an Earnert
I f» " Sunday school at 8:45 a. m. Chris-
tian Endeavor" at »J:45 p. m. All invited and
welcome^
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church corner Hayes and Buchanan «t«-— -
Rev John Stephens, pastor. Public worship
ot 11 a. m. and 7:-10 p. m. Sunday school
Hi !*••«> pro C n. Perkins superintendent,
ntworth L*-.iKUe at fi:."0 p. m.. Dr. R. O.
Morxlv rrw<!ent. The pastor will preach
to-.iav at both services. Evenms subject.
"American Idests." Special Thanksgiving
rr.urlc. SfS'.s free. All Invited.
CFVTRAL M. E. Church— Preaching by the
pastor. EWV. George W. White, both morning
snd evening. Sunday-school at I2:4j. Holla
V Watt superintendent. Young people «
• meetings _t «;:1.\ Sacred concert from < :i.O
to <\ followed by sermen. Seats free, every.
t>3_y Tvclcorae. 1
UNITARIAN Church (First), southwest corner
<i~ary and Franklin sts. — Rev. Bradford
L-a\itt minister, lie v. Bradford Leavitt and
• ¦harl^s A Murooc-k. superintendents of Sun-
Oay-sihcoi. The Junior church and Sunday-
school -re at TO o'clock. morning ser-
vice I* _t 11 o'clock. Rev. Bradford Leavltt
•ill irearh. Subject. "The Kingdom of the
WOT. M_sic by quartet, under direction of
H Brether'.ck. organist. Parents may leave
children in the kindergarten room during ser-
vice. All are cordially invited. There is no
evening service.
VN1TAMAN Chtirch <5eecn<l), corner Twen-
tieth and Carp cts. (take Mltsion or Valen-
cla-st. car)— The Rev. Jay William Hudson,
rr.rftist'r: residerce. SCO Capp st. The Sun-
dsy-rchocl meets at !>:4S o'clock. W. C. Max-
»-«ll superintendent. The mcrn'.ng service Is
at 11 oVlock. TV.e Rev. Jay 'William Hudson
•will conduct the service and the Rev. WesUy :
H»rkeil of Alameda will preach the sermon. I
The music will b» rendered by orchestra and ,
choir, un-ler thr direction of Jabish Clement. I
All the seats are free. No evening service^
FIRST Baptist Church. Eddy st.. near Jones —
Miss Msry G. Buriette. secretary Woman's
Foreign Missionary Society, will occufy the
1'Ulpit at 11 a. in. Bible-school. 12:30 p. m.; j
Christian Endeavor societies meet 6:30 p.m. :
Sermon 7:"0 p. m. by Rev. Thomas Baldwin, j
P.D.: topic. "Joshua Crossing the Jordan." ;
Dr. Iialuxvln will conduct the midweek prayer |
eenlee on Wednesday at 7:45 p. m. All are j
invited to these eervices.
6T. PAUL'S Church. California St.. near Kill-
more — Holy communion, 7:30; Sunday-school,
$«:.>0; rcornirg prayer and sermon. 11 a. m.;
harvest thanksgiving service, 7:45 p. m. : An-
them. "Rock of Ages" <Pratt); two harvest
anthems. "Te Shall Dwell in the Land"
• ftair.er). "O Lrrd. How Manifold" (Barnby);
solos. "With Verdure Clad." "The Lost
Chord." "Hosanna" CGralnler); offertory.
"The Peace of God" (Gounod). Augmented
choir with cornet. John Haraden Pratt, or-
ganist and director.
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Gough sts.
— Rev. Frederick W. Clampett. D.D., rector.
Holy CoTEmuriton, 7:30 a. m. ; Sunday-school,
9:^9 a. m. ; morning prayer, 11 o'clock: even-
ing prayer, S o'clock. The rector will preach
at both eervices.
FIRST Church cf Chri€t. Scientist, Central
fclock. 223 Sutler st.. bet. Kearny and Grant
ave. — Christian Science service at. 11 a. m. ;
eubject cf leston-sermon. "Ancient and Mod-
ern Necromancy; or. Mesmerism and Hyp-
notism"; Sunday-school for children at the
enme hour; Wednesday evening meeting at 8
o'clock. Jtudpe Septimus J. Hanna. C.S.D..
will give a free lecture on Christian Science
in the Alhambra Theater Monday evening, to
•••hlch the public is cordially Invited. Free
reading-rcom. 206 Kearny St., rooms 5C9-510.
All are welcome.
THE Prcple's Church holds services every Sun-
<5sy ev<n'rig in Elks' Hall. 223 Butter st.
Subject this evening. "A Spiritual Invest-
ment." All are welcome. Pastor. Mrs. Anna
1». Gillespit.
A GREAT union mass meeting of all the city
churches for young men only will be held at
the Younir Men's Christian Association audi-
torium. Mason and Ellis sts.. this (Sunday)
afternoon at 3 o'clock. The meeting- will be
addressed by Rev. E<*g8r Vanhee of the Uni-
versity of Sydney. N. S. W. Mr. Vanhee
. will answer the question. "Why young men
' do not go to churrh." Orchestral music and
feats in the hall free to all men.
tPFCIAL Bible addresseTln the hall. 17 City !
Hall square, near Market st.. Sunday. Tues- I
<?a»- and We^nesd^y evening* at 7:45. Mr.
Wi!l!am McCar.dless from the East will speak.
Special a/Jdrr^s to Christians Thursday after-
noon <Thankr«rivlng day) at 3 o'clock. All
welcome; seats free.
THE Theosorbieal Society. Colonel H. S. Ol-
cott. pr»£!o>rt-fo_n<1er — Public lecture at 8
p. m. in Golden Gate Hall. Sutter St., by
C. W. L»ad beater cf London: subject,
"Thouirht Forms," illustrated by unique Ian.
<era slides. Admission 25 cents.
MEETIXGS — _______•
PROFESSOR FRED P. EVANS, the famoua
prychtc. known throughout the occult world
fp the king of alater.-rltsm. interviews dally
on all subjects of Interest, business, social or
spiritual. Office 1112 Eddy St., near Octavia;
phone Scott (A7. Owing to the great demand
for Prof. Evens' sen-Ices, appointments
should be seoured in adv&nee to insure In-
terviews.
W. J. COLVILLE
L*cture« in Theosophical Hall, Flood bldg..
80!» Market st.. S. F.. at 3 p. m.; subject,
•'The Lights and Shadows of Spiritualism" ;
in Lorinr Hall. E31 11th et.. Oakland. 7:30 p.
tn.. "Conc«-ntrat!on. the Key to Success."
MONARCHY. anarchy. socialism. which?
Mcseg Hartnan. editor Chlcaco Lucifer. Odd
Fellows' bldg.. Memorial Hall, 8 p. m. ; rests
and Oiscussions free.
MME. SEELEY'g flower test; spirit costume;
spiritual healing; come, sick and afflicted;
ad. 10c. Friendship Hall. I. O. O. F. bldg.
PROGRESSIVE spiritualists to-nssht. Odd
Fellows' bid., "th and Market; Mrs. R. S.
Linie, speaker; admission free.
EARLS' S aeance to-night; 25c. 1052 Ellis at.
W.G.KEEQAN holds a test seance everj' night
except Saturday. 10c; «lt. 10 to 5. 148 6th st.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night
10c; private readlnga dally. 619 McAllister.
Friendship Hall. 3S5 McAllister et. — Mra. C. J.
Meyer; testa every eveg. 10c; readlnga daily.
AT Master Adept's, 1233 Market: tett circlet
Sun.. Tues.. Thur.. Frl. evgs.; readings dally.
C. V. MILLER'S materlallilng seance to-night,
8 o'clock. $1. 10S4 Bu-h st.; tel. Larkln 4133.
AT Mra. Etoddard'a seances you may meet your
spirit friends; Sun.. Tues. 278 Ninth st.
TESTS; front hall. 903 Market St.. 2-8; Mra.
Pltroff. Dr. Cowan. Mr. Wilson; 10c.
srxnAY LECTPItES.
DR. JOHN A. KERGAN'S free lecture this
eveninr. Crj-rtal Hall, Pythian Castle. 909
Market st. Subject. "The Skin and Ita |
Functions.' followed by views in the new
republic. Panama. Free tickets will be dis-
tributed for X-ray exhibition at Sanitarium
Tuesday eve. Question box. Special music.
O. N. ORLOW— Lecture this (Sunday) evening
In Golden Gate (upper) Hall, 629 Sutter st.
At « o'clock a talk will be siven on
"ELECTRICITY IN THE FUTURE."
Good music and vocal - aolos. Admission free.
"THOUGHT Transference- and Telepathy,"
practical demcnstratlcns, by Dr. McRor-
Tyndsll. to-night. Etetnway Kail. 223 Sutter.
Phsws of thought-force fully demonstrated.
"•\"OW" lecture: Henry KarriMn Brown, "Sigh,
.Snarl. Swear and Smile": Odd Fellows' bldg..
S p. m. febarp. Brine a friend.
HORIZON lecture* free: Edward B. Payne on
current tcpica. Odd Fellows' bldg., 3 p. m.
BIKDS. DOGS. ETC.
WaRBLINO cacarlea, talking parrots; all
kinds of ccng and fancy birds: goldfish, eeed
cages, *te. Give -a a trial; we will pleac •
you. IC-6 Market aC
J yV-, 3IKETING NOTICES.
AEYLl'M Celifomia Commandery No. 1. -»_
K. T.— The Sir Knights of California [jKj
' Ctfirimandery arp urgently requested to K3
assemble in th* asylum this day. *^
SUNDAY, ot 12:30 p. m.. to attend
the funeral (K-rvioes of o'lr deceased Captaln-
' G^nt-ra!. Sir BP.AINARD N. ROWLEY. Full
J Templar service In the commandery hall. By
i order cf
: THOS H. BROWNE. Commander.
I T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder^
. CALIFORNIA Lodge of Perfection No. ©
i 10. A. anJ A. P. R. — Officers and y VV
i members are requested to attend the /TT\
I funr-ral ceremonies of our late brother,
B. N. ROWLEY, at Comma ndery Hall, Me-
1 son'c Temple, TO-DAY (SUNDAY) at 1:30
i o'clock p. m. By order of th* V. M.
i CHARLES JELLINEK. Secretary.
TEMPLAR Ix>dge No. 17, I. O. <«_»«<,.
O. F. — Men.bers will ai>forabl» ¦2^*'?*z!$ J £r' i -
in locifrp roo-n MONDAY at 11
i o'clock sharp for the purpose of ¦^>y»w£ i
' attending thf funeral of our late brother,
JOHN BEARCLIFF BROWN.
I J. R. MORRISON. R. 8.
! HERMANN Lodge 145. I. O. O. F.
— MTntirrs are r'querte 1 tit at- ¦drt^jfc&jj:.
t:i<l our noxt regular mooting. "-^fs*!3rt5*^
! MONDAY. November 23. Inltia- s '
j tlon and first nomination of officers. Visitors
! cordially invited.
DR. JOSEF ARDENYI, Noble Grand.
\ S. COHN. Secretary.
; ALTA Lodge No. 205rI. O. O. F.— ¦v.« arfe
The first degree will be given lnX£U£_|£flsgfcL
I our hall by the officers of Exrvel- "l2^*3*i_^
I elor Degree Lodge No. 2. MON- "«§»W5J^
; DAY. November 2S. All members of the
! lodge and order are invited to bo present.
I ALFRED VOLIGNY. Noble Grand.
B. F. LEUFORD. Recording Secretary.
! FIDELITY Lodge No. 222. I. O.
1 O. F. — Nomination of officers .aiSEMflS-iSe.
MONDAY EVENING. Novem- %S^__^
¦ her 23. Members please attend. ***WW^
Visltora cordially Invited.
' J R. CASSIDY. N. O.
; MITCHEX>L. Rec 1 _Sec.
' LOYAL Golden Gate Lodge No. _»«_a&_
i 71M>. I. O. O. F. M. I'-— Sum-;3»3«g>jJ3t
1 mor.e<i mertlrp NOVEMBER -5. =?$3J?»g^
i Important business. '^*T*%r
F. ROBERTS. N. G.
; H. I. WILSON. P. S.
i ORDER cf Scottish Clans Twenty .«_&
fifth anniversary celebration — Clai _,*£»
! Fraser No. 7S will celebrate th
I twenty-fifth anniversary with
: grand literary entertainment am __\.v
I ball on FRIDAY EVENING. No •**
vember 27, In the Scottish Hall, 111 Larkm
rt. Scottish eongs by the best talent to be
procured in San Francisco. Address by the
R»v. William K. Guthrie. Music by Fair-
i grieve's Scotch Orchestra. Come early and
i secure seats. Admission 25c.
i WILLIAM CORMACK. Chief.
: ALEXANDER KING. Secretary.
' ST. ANDREW'S Society — Tho forty- v^
lirEt anniversary of the society, will Cfy OJ^y'
I be celebrated by a banquet In the XvkSLy*
i Palace Hotel 03 MONDAY EVEN- '«fc_5*%
ING. the 30th of November. Tickets can be
procured from John Reid, 73 Geary st., and
; the Hanren A Elrick Co., 200 Montgomery et.
( HELGA Lodre No. 3 of Danln — Officers and
members take notice — -Our late brother, AN-
DREW JORvJENEEN died November 20. Will
be burled Tuesday, November 34, at 1 p. m.,
from Golden Gate Undertaking Parlor, 2475
Mission St., near Twenty-first.
1 P. PETERSEN. President,
I J. F. SCHMIDT. Secretary.
! THE California D«bris Commlseion having re-
; ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro-
j cess frcm Omega Placer Mining Co., In
Omega Placer Mine, near Washington, Ne-
vada County. Cal., draining Into Scotch-
Scotchmans Creek, which reaches Yuba
River: from W. II. Murchle, in Murchie
Mine, near Nevada City, Nevada County.
Cal.. draining into Deer Creek. which
reaches Yuba River; and from W. I. Wad-
leiph. in Badser Mine and Liberty Hill
Mine, near Dutch Fiat. Nevada County. Cal..
i draining into Stump Canyon, which reaches
I Bear River, gives notice that a meeting will
1 be held at room f>6. Flood building, San
• Francisco. Cal., Dec. 7, 1JK)3, at 1:30 p. m.
1 .
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro-
cess from United Gold and Copper Company
In Spring Valley hydraulic gold mine, near
Cherokee. Butte County. Cal., draining Into
Spring Valley Creek, which reaches Feather
: River, gives notice that meeting will be held
at room 06. Flood building. San Francisco,
¦ C«l.. November SO. 1903. at 1:30 p. m.
AGEXTS WASTED.
t_0 WEEKLY and expenses: sample free;
greatest money-making Invention of the age:
Automatic Washer; doea a washing in 30
minutes without labor or attention; cheaper
than any other; indestructible; everybody
buys; agents coining money; thousands of
testimonials. Automatic Washer Co., station
U, Chicago.
WANTED — Agents to aell splendid article to
housekeepers; all want It; one agent made
$100 in ten days in October; only reliable,
industrious agents need apply; new article;
ready seller; big commissions. Address Jubi-
lee Iron Co.. Omaha, Nebr., 1503.
BEGIN business for yourself: stop working for
others; we etart you in profitable mail order
business at home; pleasant work; immense
profits; unlimited possibilities; full informa-
tion for stamp. Franklln-IIcward Co., Den-
ver, Colo.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that is
a decided improvement on building and loan
is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company, Parrott building.
ATTORXKYS-AT-LAW. ~
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advloc free. Phone South 743.
Eult 222, Emma Spreckels building.
Dlvcro-s quietly and legally obtained for
eicbt causes; damacs secured for lniuriea to
person or estate: replevins for property un-
lawfully detained; attachments and garnish-
ments for lebts; bonds furnished; bankruptcy
proceedings: wills probated; estates settled;
collections made I? all parts of the U. 8.
ADVICE FREE. "
OLD ESTABLISHED
COLUMBIAN LAW t COLLECTION AGENCY
Able attorneys. Rm. 85. 916 Market, opposite
Emporium.- Bad tenants ejected speedily and
reasonably. Collections, no matter how small,
attended to; attachments; bonds furnished; cor-
porations organized; civil and criminal practice.
Tel. John 6226. Open evenings by appointment,
We solicit an interview with you.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small lee.
Eee roe and save mon»y; no pay in advance.
G. W. HOWK. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Efcftbllshrd 22 ; rs.; ran. 1. 2, 3, 4 & 5, 'it fl
1122 Market et., between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free, all matters. Detectlvea employed.
AA— THE Legal Advisory, inc.; reliable attor-
neys; practice In ail courts; attachments, dt-
1 vorce. estates, bankruptcy, probate. 611
fill A. 511B Croesley bldg.. N. E. cor. New
Montgomery and Mission sta.; tel. John 2»26.
ROBT. W. KING, a'.ty-at-law. 'Examiner bid.,
room Cll: all cases, damages, estates, wills,
-ttachmots, collections, etc.. consultation
free: n» advance charges; call or write;
evenlnrv by appointment. Tel. Jt»d 3601.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost In meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
caees; no fees in advance; open every even-
lfig. J. M. THURSTON. S19 Market St.. r. 31.
DIVORCE— Costs. $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; open evenings, 827 Market st.. r. .101.
DIVORCE costs $12; quick and quiet: open
evenings. Examiner building, room 315.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldff.. 927 Mar.
ket rt.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
lew busings. W. W. Davidson. 027 Market.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms S-10; tel. 5586.
BrSIXESS CHAXCES.
A THE RELIABLE AGENTS A
KREDO & CO. 765 MARKET ST.
ESTABLISHED 15 YEARS
BIG LIST AT OUR OFFICES — —
j $850^ — Corner saloon; good location; $25 dally.
$30fK) — Saloon, elegantly fitted; $50 dally.
$5000 — Hotel and bar, with real property.
A— $350; B. BAKERY and delicatessen; $10
daily; rent $17; 6 furn. rooms. Kredo _ Co.
$6200— ESTABLISHED bakery, near San Fran-
cisco; town 5000; control* trade of 4 towns;
receipts $4000 monthly; large counter trade.
KREDO _ CO.. 765 Market st.
$750 — FULLY furnished private rooming and
boarding house near the university In Berke-
ley- a bis bargain. GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
11002'Broadway. Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS saloon business, with full con-
tents of the same and flat above; building for
s.ile; lot leased; doing a big business; fronts
main street; a fine opportunity. Inquire at
1CC2 Broadway, Oakland. '
$1000 CASH, balance same aa rent, for corner
grocer}' and bar: leas than stock and fixtures;
running 0 years; with 2-story cottage, " 6
rooms and bath; lot 25x100. Twenty- first and
Douglass sts,
$20,000 BUSINESS property. for sale In Oak-
land; 44 rooms; lot 50x150; now leased for 8
jeer* at $150 per month; good security.
Aleo in Alameda a brand new 8-room
house; up to date. CHA8. ADAMS A CO., Bay
station. Alameda; phone Paru 1S11.
FOR SALE — A good grocery business; cen-
trally located. For further information ap-
ply to J. J. SCHUTZ, care Haas Bros.,
6a n Francisco.
AN'oM established wholesale produce commis-
sion business for sale; owner wishes to re-
tlre. Price reasonable. Box 4507, Call office.
BRIGHT. Intelligent partner wanted with
email capital. Box 4506, CaU office. ,
I IHTMNESS CHANCES — Continued.
I R. G. WILKE. Reel Estate and Business
1 Agent (established 14 years)? 1 20',. Kearny
et., rooms d and 10.
A $1600 COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
the water front, close to Market st. ;• dally
receipts about ft!5; business clearing $300 per
month: trial given: a splendid offer: Investi-
gate at once. See R. G. WILKE, 26 &
Kearny st. _
A— $3500; HOTEL and barroom with 30 rooms,
in Point Richmond: rent $100; rooms always
occupied by employes of rnllroad and Stand-
ard Oil Company ; board bill guaranteed by
company: owner never clears less than $300
per month. Cnll R. G. WILKE, 28}.
Kearny st. '
A— £300; SALOON on water front, with 8 fur-
nished rooms; 3 iron bedsteads In each room;
2Vs years' lease; rent $33; rooms alone pay
t~0 per month and saloon doing a good busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE, 20'^ Kearny st.
A — $350; EMPLOYMENT office, doing a good'
business; mugt be Bold at once on account
of sickness in owner's family. Call R. G.
WILKE. 20 fc Kearny st.
A— $1800; HALF interest in one of the best
corner saloons on water front: lease; dls-
ajrreement of partners cause of sale; will
sell whole for S3400. Call R. G. WILKE,
. 20 H Ke3rrc- s^
A— $1250: CORNER saloon on Fourth st., close
to S. P. freight ehed?; 8 furnished rooms
and kitchen; a good paying business. See
R. G. WILKE. 20 V, Kearny at.
A— $800; DAIRY produce and delicatessen
atore; rent $22; business clears above $100
per month: llvinc rooms; value in alght.
Call R. O. WILKE, 20% Kearny st.
A— 12000; SAI-OON on Kearny it., about 3
blocks from Chronicle building; place estab-
lished years and' doing a good business; or
one partner will sell his Interest for $1000;
disagreement cause of sale. See R. G.
WILKE, -«tt Kearny et.
A— $1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery: close to
Phelan building; a good paying business,
but must be sacrificed on account of owner
being sick in hosnltsl. Particular. R. O.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $3250^ LEADING saloon on Market and
Mason «ts. ; net rent $160; lease with priv-
ilege of 6 yeara more: value In sight. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearnyj_.
A— ?050^"ciGAR. etand on Montgomery St.; a
$700 cigar utand on Ellis St.; stock at in-
voice; a $200 cigar stand on Third st.: stock
at invoice; a $400 cigar stand on Eddy St.,
stock at invoice. Call R. G. WILKB, 20tt
Kearny st. '
A^$1250- COFFEE saloon on Geary St.; rent
$45. R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny -I
A REGULAR INCOME GUARANTEED
By
JOHN R. PEARSON & CO (Incorporated).
Capital Stock $250.C0(>.
6 to 7 per cent weekly on accounts of $25
and upward has been earned and paid by
this company since January 1. 1003. Our
grand success is undoubtedly the result of
our strict adherence to conservative methods.
Percentage Percentage Percentage
Is our aim and the secret of our success.
Immune from the vicissitudes of the specu-
lator, yet earning for our patrons more actual
net profit each week, than they believed pos-
sible; WE RECOGNIZE NO RIVALS nor
competitors in the world of finance.
Reckoned from the average profits we have
earned in the past:
$25 00 earns you $ 6 44 per month
$50 CO earns you 12 as per month
$100 00 earns you 25 75 per month
$250 00 earns you 64 38 oer month
$500 00 earns you 128 75 per month
$1000 00 earns you 257 50 per month
ALL DIVIDENDS PAYABLE WEEKLY.
You can easily verify the truth of our
statements by corresponding with any or all
of this DONA-FIDE investors, whose names
and addresses will be sent to you, together
with out free booklet, upon request.
Every dollar sent us is subject to with-
drawal upon demand, and it is with pride
that we can say that wo have never lost a
dollar for any subscriber nor failed to return
in full upon request all of a subscriber's
original Investment. If you have idle cap-
ital and desire to Increase your income do
not delay in remitting to us. Full particu-
lars and unquestionable references will be
furnished free upon request. Make all checks
or money orders payable to
JOHN R. PEARSON & CO..
225 Dearborn St.,
Chieazo, 111.
A— PARTNER WANTED.
Druggist of 20 years' experience desires to
Join forces with a young registered druggist;
have a good opening In town of over 15.000,
either to start new store or buy out well es-
tablished business; full prices; from $4000 to
$OKK> required, each partner to furnish half;
references exchanged. Box 4527, Call office.
$3500 — BOOK, stationery, music, toy, picture
and framing store; In best of Northern Cali-
fornia towns; good location; complete and
clean stock: established 5 years; sales last
December $1400; owner must sell becauce
sick; this is a good and honest offer; best ref-
erences in S. F. Box 4597, Call office.
A— LIGHT MANUFACTURING BUSINESS.
A businees man with $5000 cash can secure
Interest In established business that will pay
him 100 per cent on his Investment; closest
investigation solicited.
GEP.MANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market at,
A MAN with $5000 can make $8000 in lt> days;
absolutely no risk; fullest investigation In-
vited; no agents; must be taken at once. Box
4551. Call office.
OLD-ESTABLISHED Jewelry store for sale,
near the city: account sickness; $8 a day In
work. Box 4521. Call office.
FOR sale — First-class well-estab. dressmaking
business; excellent location. Box 4766, Call.
A— PARTNER WANTED.
A young man with 10 years' grocery experi-
ence in San Francisco desires to meet man or
woman who will invest $2000 in the business;
highest references.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market et.
HOTEL for sale In Healdsburg; parties going
East; price very reasonable; don't ask about
It. but come and see it. The Union Hotel;
lease three ycara.
$175 — WORTH double; store with second-hand
furniture and other goods; good location.
. 654 Howard st.. bet. Fourth and Fifth. •
$350— WELL^EQuTpPED butcher shop; must
be sold; dally receipts $25. Box 4760. Call.
STOCK and fixtures for eale cheap; delicates-
sen store. Box 4566, Call.
WANTED — A man with $500 for half Interest
In good paying business; paying $300 month*
ly. Address box 4570. Call office.
$10,000 WILL buy half Interest Sole Agency
1 United States two Imported waters. Ad-
drese box 4577, Call office.
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION.
Do you wish to enlarge your business, or do
you desire additional capital? If so. we can
furnish you with an active or silent partner
who will Invest from $100 to $50,000; we
have a large number of desirable applicants
on our books seeking good business openings
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels building.
$600 — PARTNER In a well paying and increas-
ing business; will stand thorough investi-
gation; payable within 3 months; no agents.
Apply 610 Telegraph ave., Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS delicatessen store; good busi-
ness, good location; 3 'living rooms. Box
4500, Call office.
FOR sale — Good paying paper and laundry
route In country town, near city. Address
News Agent. Mill Valley, Cal. /
A— GENERAL MERCHANDISE
STORE FOR SALE; a nice clean stock in the
best town In California: invoice about $4000;
low rent; long lease. »
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market et.
FOR KALE— A well established harness busi-
ness In the thriving city of Chico. For par-
ticulars call on L. D. STONE &CO., 417
Market St.. or write to box 263. Chlco.
DRESSMAKING parlors, completely fitted;
'living-rooms furnished: $125. 1005 Larkln.
~ A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 cash and services secures half-Interest
In established Installment house; investment
secured and $50 weekly assured.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO., '
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels building.
WANTED — Energetic man. no experience re-
quired, with $1000 to $1500 cash, to share
equally In profits of established moving pic-
ture circuit: rare chance for person with
satisfactory references. Novelty < Theater,
Oakland. *^
STRANGERS. ATTENTION!
Are you looking for a safe and profitable busi-
ness opening In San Francisco? If so, we can
offer you any number requiring an Investment
from $100 to $50,000: every business opportu-
nity that passes through our office must stand
the closest investigation, and we can place
you In a store, factory, hotel, mill, office, or.
in fact, any business you may prefer; kindly
call and Investigate.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO.,
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels building.
~~LOPGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
BEST bargain in a large, dependable rooming*
house; very centrally located: CO rooms and
all large. light and airy; furnished splendidly
nnd In most artistic taste; lease for
eight years at very low rent; house
is clearing $300 per month, guaranteed: price
$6000; electric' elevator; hot and cold water;
modern Improvements; cause of sale, owner
compelled to be out of city on business; .
will sell or exchange for real estate. '
MARION GRIFFIN. 400 Examiner building.
FOR sale — 4 flats of 11 rooms; : also lodging-
house 20 rocms, all elegantly, furnished;, ex-
cellent climate; thriving town Southern Cali-
fornia; is paying 25 per cent on price asked;
owner must have money to meet business ob-
ligation, hence the sacrifice. ,¦ Particulars
from ALEX. • MURDOCK, 1 16 Chronicle bldg..
Ban Francisco.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE-^Con.
A WAITRESS and parlor maid for American
family $«0; a good second Klrl for small
family] $.5; a cook tor an Institution in city.
$:;5- a girl to assist the cook In a amall in-
stitution 128; a chambermaid to assist wait-
ing in the same place. $25; a cook for small
sanitarium in Oakland. $30: a French gover-
ness for one child. S.'.O; a waitress for a
German family. $-"U); a young second girl for
small Jewish family, $25; 20 housework girls
for city and country, (20 to *•«*. BUbi>
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st., near Powell.
WANTED — 2 German etyle cooks. $35; 4 sec-
ond girls ?-0. $25; parlor maid. $;«): _ laun-
dresses $.T0; waitress for country liotcl. 5-j».
3 nursegirls. $-0. S25: companion to elderly
lady. $25; 2 nurses for Institutions. $20; tray
girl for Institution. $20; dining-room girl for
sanitarium. $20; laundress for home. Me-
ramento $25; housekeeper. $22 50; dormltorj
work. $20; and a large number of general
housework girls, city and country^at *2a
$25, $30. Apply Monday. J. F. CROfc-ETT
A ¦ CO.. 334 Sutter st.
NURSE 2 grown children, 5 and * years lit-
tle sewing, little housework. *2l>; waitress
and parlor maid. Broadway. $-TO; 5 se*cn.i
girls for best city homes. $25; » £«>«*« '
housework girls, fine homes. $2j to $30: gen-
eral housework, Sausallto. good place, *_3.
THE DOMESTIC CLUB,
36 Union Square building. 2£$ Geary at., cor-
ner of Stockton; phone Bush e54. «|
UPSTAIRS girl desired quickly: good place for
right kind of gtrl; wages from $30 to $13
per month. Cdll In person with references
at 1403 Jackson at., corner Nineteenth, Oak-
land. '
A— WANTED — Glrle to learn halrdreaalng.
manicuring, etc: trade taught from A to -i
In 2 weeka: $5 to those entering now: 3 po-
altlons to fill immediately; positions guaran-
Wd at $10 per week up; leading school la
We«t. 233 Geary st.. room 13. _
A— Girls to learn millinery now for fall seaaon;
both seasona taught from start to finish In 1
month for $10: positions as trlmmera. sales-
ladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 p«r week up:
, day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
A— LADIES io"learn""_'ll branches nairdrensiug
trade; manicuring, massage, etc .1236 Mar-
ket st.. cor. Jones, room 91; positions recured
at highest wages; day and eve, claaa: call.
BEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS A CO.'B
FACTORIES. 32% FREMONT ST. AND 1S73
MISSION, NEAR FIFTEENTH.
LADIES do plain sewlns* home; S3 to $15
weekly: experience unnecessary: material
sent free everywhere. Send stamped envelope
for particulars. Weber Mfg Co., 1135 Broad-
way, New York.
WANTED — Competent lady barber: $15 guar-
antee. Communicate with FRANCES E. NIL-
SON. 124 North Washington st., Spokane,
Wash.
LADIES to do piecework; we furnish materials;
pay $7 to $12 weekly. Send stamped envel-
ope to Royal Co., 34-E Monroe st., Chicago.
WANTED— Experienced alteration hands on
skirts and Jackets to start to work Monday
morning at 9 o'clock. Apply at HALE
BROS.'
YOUNG girl to do lljht housework and assist
with children. Apply Sunday afternoon, 814
Valencia st.
WANTED — Woman to do cooking and house-
work: sleen at home; good wages to right
party.. Call to-day 63O Cola St., near Halght. i
LADIES having doilies, centerpieces. Batten- j
berg and drawn work to sell address Ladies' |
Exchange, 34-D Monroe St.. Chicago.
LADIES — Something new; $10 to $15 per week;
no canvassing; steady work. Address Surety
Mfg. Co.. Chicago. 111.
WANTED — Young girls as apprentice* in kit-
ting mill: nice clean workrooms. CANT- '
NER & MATTERN CO.. 607 Grove s^ .
$30 PER 1000 for copying letters: other lines
of work $8 weekly; evenings. Parisian Sup- 1
ply Co., Grand Rapids. Mich.
OLD established business house wants a good
traveler; woman preferred: references and
security required. Box 4764. Call office.
WANTED — A maid for eldeny lady. Apply
2744 Stelner St.. on Monday or Tuesday, be-
tween 12 and 3 p. m. ./
WANTED — Experienced crockery saleslady;
give reference and wages expected. Box
4555. Call office^
STENOGRAPHER, one who Is a good penman
and having slight knowledge of bookkeeping;
$30 per month. Box 47C7, Call.
FIRST-CLASS fitter on ladies' cloaks and salts.
American Cloak and Suit House, 122 Stock-
ton at.
WANTED — Experienced saleswomen. Apply
between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS/
LADY presser. 1191 Howard st.
PROTESTANT girl for gen'l housew'k A cook-
ing; must be comp't; $30. 3524 20th. nr Mis.
GIRL to assist general housework; family six
adults; no window washing; $20. 2524 Union.
APPRENTICE for hair business at G. LEIV
ERER'S. 123 Stockton St.
EXPERIENCED saleslady for laces and em-
broideries. Apply Superintendent's Office.
Emporium.
GIRLS experienced at labeling: steady work;
good wages. , The JOHN BOLLMAN CO..
corner Front and Pacific ats.
A LADY of indomitable energy to make money
and a convincing talker. F. PERSON, 477
and 475 Parrott building.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for general housework;
German or Swedish preferred. 1S6 Russ st.
FACIAL and manicure artist: state experience
and wages expected. Box 850. Call. Oakland.
EDUCATED elderly German Catholic lady as
children's nurse: $3 per week. 1071 Market,
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett, instructor, 302 Montgomery.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
r»c*lv»d at Cal! branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY
520 Sacramento st., 520.
Phone Main 1101, corner Leldesdorfif at,
OFFICE OPEN FROM 11 TO 12 M.
Ranch teamster, San Mateo Co., $30: Chlcn,
Butte Co.. half fare, shop Monday night, $25;
: 2 and 4 horse tenmsters*$2 25 and $2 60 day
Clilco; 3 farms to lease; bosses here.
A. SCHILLING A CO. want a good boy— want
a boy absut 15 years old, one we can depend
upon, one who lives with his parents; and.
to sum it up, a gentlemanly young fellow
who will earnestly attend to his dutlea and
will come to us determined to work his way
up in our esteem and our business. Apply-
to us in person between 1 and 5 p. m. within
th* next three days, 2d and Folsom sta.
CORPORATION controlllnc business estab.
1865 deslrea energetic business man with un-
questionable ref. for ability and Integrity to
manage branch office; compensation $2500 per
annum. "Auditors," box 536, Madison, Wls.
WANTED— Active advertising and insurance
solicitors on new proposition; sells on Its own
merit; exclusive territory to good agents;
good compensation. Call from 9 to 10 a, m.,
suite 10, Columbian bldg. 016 Market st.
WANTED — Bright married man from 25 to 30
years of age; one possessing executive ability
and capable of managing other men; prefer
¦ some one familiar with dry goods; state ex-
perience and \ salary expected. Apply box
4515. Call office.
TRAVELING salesman for California: no tech-
f nlcal knowledge, but active, all-round hus-
tler; established, well-rated house. Box 524,
Detroit. Mich.
SALESMEN make 500 per cent commission
- eelllng "novelty sign cards"; merchants buy
10 to 100 on sight: SCO varieties; catalogue
fr»e. SULLIVAN CO.. 1130 Maplewood ave..
Chicago. 111.
ATTRACTIVE , line to salesmen and dealers;
large commissions; weekly; staple, easy sell-
er; vest pocket sample. Address B. E. LE
VERT, Roe building, St. Louis, Mo.
WANTED — Al experienced razor concaver and
shear grinder;, steady position: good wages
to right man. Pacific Barber Supply Co
Seattle. Wash. * *
WANTE<6 — A first-class finisher and polisher-
only those with good references and _ob*r
need apply. Jackson Furniture Co. 523
Twelfth st.. Oakland. '
WANTED everywhere— Hustlers to tack signs
I distribute circulars, eamsles. etc. : no can-
i vassing: good pay. Sun Advertising Bu-
, reau. Chicago. ¦ .
WANTED— Varnlshers and polishers. Acnlv
, __M. FRIEDMAN & CO.. 237 Post st.
WANTED— Cabinetmakers. Apply M. FRIED-
MAN.& CO.. 237 Post st.
" DYER and cleaner. • 1191 -Howard st.
DETECTIVES— Everywhere"; "good salary, no
• exper'nee. Ictl Detec. AgTcy. Milwaukee. Wla.
HFXP WANTED ;V'^ : ~r_? wtlWT *— > .
1 OPEN TO-DAY (SUNDAY). 8 TO 12 A. M.
t MURICAY & READY. &M-«MI Clay «t.
Phcne Main :'S48.
• Leading Employment and Labor Agent*.
IIXj-T we gave UC: *a-\\ « lv
[ 43. tt)O men i*ork. 60.01*1 mea work
ARIZONA. r *-
ARIZONA.
OREGON. " NEVADA.
t Southern Pacific and Santa Fe systems t T %
• I pats
ON EVERY TRAIN.
Section hands, muckt-rs, drll:er3, extra ganss
teamsters hiramcrsniMi.
STABLES. FARMS. ORCHARDS. DAIEUp;^
Karm ami orchard hands, *.JO. % *C5. J4i> f^.
milkers. .•JOO to $50 and found.
Stablemen, city, country JoDs, $->0 to $00.
3t>5 weodehoppers.
25>7 tlprnikor.
COOKS. WAITERS. PORTERS"
Cocks, hotels, restaurants, camp*, mines a.iii
ranches, city and country, $•'" to $70 and
found; wa!t»rs, city and country. $2T> to Jlij
aad found: butchers, different Jobs. $40. $30
MURRAY & READY, e:;i-C-J« Clay st '
CABINETMAKER, $S 50 DAY.
Planennan. lumber company, $75 frund.
HEAD DONKEY MAN. WOODS. SOUTH.
Striper and krtterer, all-round painter, (3
day.
2 eeatmakers. $5 r»*r coat.
Married farmer, $45 and house; 2 boys, learn
painting. $5 .
OLD MEXICO— FREE FARE.
Carriage trimmer, boss here.
Gang edgerman, lumber company, north, $C3
and found.
COAL MINERS— OREGON— FREE FARE.
Married waiter and chambermaid, hotel, tare
$1. $50 and found.
Man and wife, man as section hand, wife aa
cook, few men, $1 CO day, .*:J0 per month for
woman.
2 plumbers, north. S months' Job. $3 50 day.
2 bench hands, planingr mill, Palo Alto.
$3 50 day.
Driver, light delivery wagon. 13 week.
MURRAY A READY. 634-ti:;a Clay at.
ENGINEER and handyman. $55 and found.
Bartender, city, $15 week.
Blacksmith helper, wagon, city she?, $1 73,
6 boys, city shoo. S5 week.
FOREMAN
For orchard, to start. $5O and found.
MURRAY A READY. 634-SHtJ Clay at.
WANTED — Men everywhere, good ray. tr> dis-
tribute circulars, adv. matter, tack signs,
etc.: no canvassing. National Adv Bureau.
Chicago. '
F. HAMMAR PAINT CO., St Louis Mo
<*50O.0OO paid in capital), want salesmen;
liberal commissions; references required.
TRAVELING salesman for Cal. capable of re-
sults with staple line to country merchants;
bond required. Box eOS, St. Loulx. Mo.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale; gas, run-
ning water. living-rocm; rent $8. Box 4361.
Call office.
2-CHAIR barber ahop. central. In San Joaav
$100: $9 rent; good business.. Address A. W.
KNOWLES. 301 Jonea at., San Francisco.
WANTED— Pattern maker: one who has had
some exxierience on cabinet work: a good
place for the right man. 208 First at.
WANTED — Handy man; must know how to>
repair all kinds of toys; state experience and
salary expected. XApply box 4763. Call.
DRIVER who has had experience in Western
Addition; $10 per week. Call to-day between
10 and 12. BLUM'S. Sutter and Polk sta.
TINSMITHS wanted. Apply 17 Drumm at,
BOY to learn harness trade; one with some ex-
perience. 2310 Pine st,
WANTED— Dishwasher. 467 Valencia tt !
1 WANTED — First-class dre«s goods saVraan.
j Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALS
BROS.'
WANTED — Thoroughly competent fancy goods
and notion man. Apply between ft and 11
a. ,m. at HALE BROS.'
I WANTED — By wholesale grocery house, brltiht
I young man to start as office boy; good
I chances for advancement: references re-
I quired: apply in own handwriting. Box 4567.
CaU office.
GOOD salary and expenses paid to an energetic
i man: ambitious and willing to work; respon-
sible position: good references and security
required; splendid chance for the right man.
Address box 271. Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED — An all around bookbinder; one who
can do forwarding and finishing on full
bounds. Apply SANBORN. VAIL A CO..
741 Market st.
TRY our men's snoea, onion made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair, foot- form shoes at $2 £0. or
orthopedic shoes, ft 50: beat shoes on mirth. 11
Third at. Exam, bldg.: 3 doors from Market,
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a good •
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON.
477 and 47S Parrott building.
WE pay $52 a week and expenses to men to sell
poult! y compound. Imperial Mfg. Co., D 54,
Parsons, Kans.
BOYS for cash and errands: youths for wrap-
ping parcels. Apply Superintendent's office.
Emporium.
WANTED — Boy to work in down town drug
store; state references and wagea expected.
Address box 4572. Call office.
APPRENTICE to photographer wanted; must
be honest, sober and Industrious. Box 4578,
Call office.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and,
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mail charges. 11 3d St.. Exam. bid.
BUSHELMAN and pants maker for country.
Apply REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
GOVERNMENT positions— More than 13.000
appointments last year; chances even better
now; examinations in every State; thousands
prepared by Nafl Corres. Inst.. Washington.
D. C, the originators of this work, are nc^r
in the service. Write for circular J-l, show-
ing positions, salaries, examinations, sample
questions, etc., to our Pacific Coast Office.
t>27 Market st.. San Francisco. Cal.
SHORTHAND In 30 days; Boyd's Syllable; no
ruled lines; no shading; nothing to confusw;
only 9 characters: easily ready: stndy by
mail; circulars, testimonials and first lea-
son, covering one-fourth the course for two
2-cent stamps. Chicago Correspondence
Schools. Incorporated. 62 National Life
building. Chicago, 111.
UNCLE SAM wants help: 14.000 appointments
Ian year; fre« examination paper and cat-
alog giving positions and salaries. Dept, Q.
Western Correspondence University, Saa
S Francisco.
BARBER trade taught in one month: n«w
method. Address W. C. B.. 647 Commercial
¦t.. or room 24. 20*>Vs S. Broadway. L Ang.
WHY pay big pricea to have your ahoee half-
soled when you can get It done for 25c. 30a
and COc while you wait at 563 Mtaaloa •_..
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third -t. T
GOVERNMENT positions — Call at room 14,
fifth floor. 3C5 Larkln st,. for free Informa-
tion as to positions, salaries, age limit*. et«. ; .
day or evenings. /
WANTED— For U. 8. Marine Corpa, abJe-
bodted unmarried men. between 31 and 33;
good character; must speak, read and writs
English: marine* serve at sea on men-of-
war In all parts of the world, on land In oar
island possessions, and at naval stattona ta
the United States. Apply at recruiting ot-
flee. 40 Ellis at,. San Francisco. CaL. aad
401 K at.. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED — Boys from 16 to 15 years; ** !r . { }, t *
ft feet 4 inches and orer. to Join a aociaJ mili-
tary rifle corps; regulation uniform and «""-
Apply S. SZANIK. 473 Valencia at., any
evening between 6 and 8 o'clock.
MEN wanted to learn the barber 1ra_» la twa
Inonths and secure good poaitlors: f*-- 10 "^?
hialled free. MOLER System College. «3*
Pay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to knoir
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House P roprl ' t< £',J^**
added 100 new rooms to the Denver Hoo».
217 Third st.: 250 rooma: 25c to 50c per night.
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS. «<>£"• £; l A
year*' practice; references fromi^"f.^* oS
persons for whom I h»ve secured pensions.
MEN to learn the barber trade. Inquire at
611 Commercial at.
MEN to learn barber trade: catalojraa. malleA.
B. F. Barber School. 74 1 A Howard rt.
PENSION attr. E. A. Bull!", roora 40 P^laa
bl-g. Past Com. Geo. H- Thomat ro»>,O.A.R.
*.5g_K---giMS -g-W £
T-S»S-?«*|_j%5H E
free "bus and baggage to and from ferry.
FOR SALE— Two-chair barber .hop. cheap.
127 Cay at.
ALL •;«e« men's .toes. •"* h % d »*??« 1 -, **"
price. B63 Mission st.. bet t 1st and -d sta-
GET yonr shoe, half aoled white waiting; 23a
to COc. M3 MHwlnw »t.. bet. Ut and 2d » ts -
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
np' r> r O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
iu"li4 Market St.. bet. 6th and »th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of woraan.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. lC-iV, Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body: for
tiast four year* at 115-117 Maaon: now lo-
cated at eC7 Geary »t.. near Leavenwortn.
DR TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. fcerb doctor, curea all disease* of humaa
. by uso of herbs and teaa. 727 Washington -t,
H. C. WONG. 719 Post st.: all dlaeaaea
cur.d by Chinese herbs; consultation free.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor^ — All dta-
eaaes cured by Chinese herbs. 7 46-8 Clay at.
. CLAIRVOYANTS— Conilnn»>«i;
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
26& Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c; gents COc.
MME LAMAR. wonderful palmist: card read-
er; 25c, 50c. 320 Jones at.; hours 1-9 p. na.
MRS. SHAFER clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
tlrigs dally. 448% Jessie St.. bet. Bth and 6th.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Iti pages, sent to any. address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
CARPET BEAT1XG AXD CLEANING.
AIR compressed, dry. ice cold, is now univer-
sally used In sanltnry cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or injury: prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIK
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.: phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
_lng Works. 355-357 Tehama st. ; tel. .South JO.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
S rison St.; Al cleaning; 3c; tel. Mission 2^:5.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen.
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st.. tel. Mission 49.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Suiter St.;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM A CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH &. CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel.Mlsirion 263.
OONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CBEDIT C_-OT_-XSaa.
C. F. ADAMS CO.
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe th« whole family from hats to
shoes; everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 818 Mason st.
CUBES RUPTURE.
NAPA, May 10, 1903.
Mr. A. Hunter.
Dear Bli< — We are much pleased to inform
you that our baby's acrotal rupture is cured.
The holder held It In place all right. Our doc-
tor says In thirty days the parts have healed
up. The baby was six weeks old when you fit-
ted the holder. We are indeed very grateful to
you. Yours truly,.
¦-,:¦". GEORGE GREEN AND WIFE.
WHO DOES IT? HUNTER. 1206 Market St.
I Send for circular. Why will you auger?
DENTISTS.
DlC~G RUSS. 504 -If- c" CallRghan"'bldg. , Market
and McAllister sts., uses the Baaford Obtun-
der, the only device ever Invented for arlnd-
Icg. drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at offW.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr.Eieventh
—No charge for extracting when platea are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $3 per set; extracting 50c: gas given. ,
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs: crown. $3 50; fillings, BOc;
plates, $r>: full set; a'l work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. ror. Bush—
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns $2 up; fillings. 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; Bilve.r. 35c: crowns. $2: no
pain: open Sunday. Pr.O.B.Hew1tt.2f>4 Slitter.
DRESSMAKERS AX J?. S _ E :*?! STT^tJESStEjS
McDowell dressmaking
and millinery school.
Thorough instruction in all branches.
Our miptls hold first class positions.
Imported patterns. Evening class.
1019 Market st.. above Sixth.
ACCORDION, sunburst A knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button A buttonhole factory.110 Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking A Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure :»ve. class. 1010 Mrkt.
"= FINANCIAL. ' ¦
INVESTMENTS.
TTB BUY and SELL STOCKS and BONDS
of all the MINING, OIL. LOAN. BANKS.
INSURANCE and INDUSTRIAL companies.
Send us your«offers or bids on anything: we
can fill your orders and save you from 10 to
80 per cent on almost any investment.
At the present time we will buy:
2000 Potomac Oil.
1000 Horse Shoe Bend.
000 Alaska Central Ry.
MXK) Eastern Consolidated OIL
1000 P. B. Steifer Mining Co.
2000 Ohio and Cal. pref. and com.
6000 Jessie Belle Gold.
1C0O Llchtner..
And all Western Blocks.
WE WILL SELL:
750 Gwln Mines % " "5
1500 Aurora Con 21
6000 Mt. Jefferson 52
1000 Solar Furnace and Power 14
700 Aurora Extension 11
3000 Union Con. Refinery 12
3000 Viznaga '• 17
6000 Gray Eagle 30
50 Abbey Effervescent 8alt • 60 00
• 75 International Mer. Agency.. Make bid
200 Alaska Central Ry Make bid)
And many others at very attractive prices
f contained in • our market letter of 500 bar-
gains sent free on request.
WATT & COWPERTHWAITE,
Bankers and Brokers.
Stockton. Cal.
COMPANIES lncoroorated. financed aM stock
floated. W. H. lilTTNER. Lawyer and Fl-
nanctal Agent. 322 Emma Spreckels bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
A HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage <jf
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
St.. on the square.
TWO beautiful modern flats. Just completed:
all the very latest improvements; northeast
corner of Chestnut and Leavenworth sts. ; 6
rooms and bath each; every room sunny;
grand marine view; swell location; walking-
distance from town; rent reasonable: open.
ALL of the most desirable flats and bouses are
listed in our renting department: let us give
you a list and help you find one in the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE-
COMPANY, 1039 Market St.; services abso-
lutely free^ -
TO let — $27 r>0; elegant new flat. 6 large rooms
and bath: modern, sunny, up to date; $27 50
per month; water free. 878 Fourteenth St.,
near Noe. RIVERS BROS.
ELLIS, £24— Sunny. 5 rooms; Just finished;
electricity for light and power; $45.
HAYWARD. 2, off Harrison, near Eighth —
Sunny upper flat. 4 rooms; rent $11.
HAYES. 1735. near park — Upper sunny flat, 3
rooms; gas; rent $12 50^
LARGE 7-room corner flat; modern. Twenty-
third and Non pts.
SUNNY flat; 6 rooms and bath. 115 Leaven-
worth st. - *
WALLER. 130314, near Masonic ave. — Modern
- i)-room flat: rpnt $35. ' '
8 LARGE rooms to let at 665 Hampshire st.:
S13; no children.
$7— LOWER flat. 726^4 Harrison st.. between
Third and Fourth.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
ELEGANTLY furnlehed 8-room modern flat;
will rent or sell. 2307 Van Ness ave.
MISSION, 1148 — Elegant front flat; 4 rooms;
complete for housekeeping: piano if desired.
NICELY furnished modern flat of 7 rooms;
rent reasonable.- Apply 1304^ Larkln st.
FLATS FOR SALE— FURNISHED~
ELLIS. 421 A— Newly furnished flat, 5 rooma
and bath; reasonable.
FOR 8ALE^ — Departure sacrifice; 7-room flat,
nicely furnished. 006 Jonea at. ¦ . •-
rACIAJ. MASSAGE.
A — WRINKLES removed: fine complexion guar-
anteed, new method : 50c. ' M. LUTON, man!**
curing parlors. 764 Larkln St.; phone Polk 17.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
SOME rare old easy chairs and bedstead; rose-
wood and mahogany. - 2231 Mission at. „ •
FURNITURE W ANTED. ~
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. L. H
BURD, auctloneer.1818 Mkt. -.tel.Howard 275«!
1 A. WOLLPERT. . 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
. ¦ HATB DBESSHTQ.
YOUNG woman wishes few engagements for
ehampoolng, manicuring, scalp treatment,
Phone Capp 3573.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
A— OPERATORS on ladles' summer waists;
good pay; steady work. C56 Mission et., third
floor. •-. • - :•
A— OPERATORS on children's woolen dresses
and coats. •?. C56 Mission st., third floor. i
A — OPERATORS wanted on ladies" and ¦: chil- !
; dren'a underwear., C56 Mission st., third floor. '
A — OPERATORS wanted to take work home on
ladles' waists. 050 Mission St., ; third floor.
LADIES to do plain sewing at home; *S to $15
//.weekly; . material sent: free; ¦ send stamped
envelope , for . particulars. Fontaine, Key 3
- Sacramento, ' Cal. - t ;
COOK— ?30 a month, 6 days a week, siutro
: Heights Louvre. ; ¦D Richard Martens and Albert H. Reich-'
ling' (single) to Charles Camdeh. undivided
% of lot on'NW corner of Linden and Eighth
streets 70 I on Linden street and • W along N
line of Eighth 115. known as 003 Linden, ex
cept use • of water from well on property of
Francis Relchling in his lifetime, known' as
911 Linden street,. Oakland; $10. ¦ ¦-
D Richard Martens (guardian ©state of
Francis R. Anita L. and Richard G. Martens,
minors) to same, all Interest being an undi
vided %' Interest In; same. Oakland: $2200.
Same guardian of same to James J. McBIroy,
undivided 1-6 interest In lot on W line of
Under T street/ 150:6 N of Eighth.. VT 100 ;by
N M, except' right of way to use water^etc,
D aT Rlchard' Martens, Albert 'H.',Relchltng
and'Llllie H. Theurkauf (single)^ to sarne^ un
divided 5-6 interest In same. Oakland; $10.
Oakland Building | and Loan Association to
A J Foster, lot en SB line of . Twenty-first
avenue 50 SW of East Twenty-second utTeet.
SW 27'e^by SE 125. block 67. map Northern
Addition nrooklyn. East Oakland; $1200.
EW Gordon (single) to C. R. Mayhew. lot
on E line of Taylor street at a. point 160 from
W corner of blockNM. E parallel with Madison
and Monroe streets. 119 by S 30. portion lots
and M 00^ 8^ ch, n ton. East Oakland : $10:
J C and Mary B. McMullen to Claude E,
and* Marion F. Miller, lot on N line of Stuart
street 160 E of Grant.. B 40 by N 135. lot 47.
block 2. Grove Btreet Uno Tract. Berkeley;
* j w Rledman \o Joseph J." Mason, lot on
N line of Falrview* street, 45:00 E of Deakln.
B 44 fby N 135 v lot 1«. block 2, map O. . D.
Baldwin's -ino-P 'subdivision portion Woolosey
t nchrM le lnd $1 RB.Rodol P h (Prut) (hus
band) to Wllltm Cashroan. lot on N line of
fifxteenth rtreetri80 W of Cypreea. W 60, N
?04-0 lots 25 ' and 26. block - 603-B. Bagge
Tl HaVr? 8 L 3 and $ Nyda W. Holcomb to Henry
Mpthtph ¦ lot on N line of Thirty-seventh street,
460 W'ol Telegraph avenue. W 40 by N 150.
lot 5, , Roosevelt Terrace D. & A., Oakland;
?1 Armle Cllear • (widow) to James H. ' and Mar
taret Dav ».' lot on N line of Fourth street. 75
W of Grove." N<100 .by W. 25. lot 23, block 47.
K>i)ei=*bercer'3 map, Oakland; $10. .-assassMBrt*
D " Richard Martens- (widower). Albert H.'
Reichling (single)- andLlllie H.- Theurkauf to
Joseph and - Emily or Emma ¦ Williams ¦ (wife),
undivided five-sixths interest In ? lot on W line
of Linden street. 257:6 N of .Eighth. 1 . W.. 165 by
N 49, Oakland, except right to^ use- water, etc;
- D - 1 Richards i Martens (guardian / estate '. of
Francis R.' and Anita" L- ; and 'Richard ; G.j Mar
tins (minors), to same, all Interest belng'an un
divided oT>e-6lxth of same, same exception; $591.
Roman Catholic .Archbishop (owners) with
J. I. Mltrovlch (contractor), architects Shea &
Shea— All work for a frame church on N line
of Fell street. 137:6 W of Franklin. W 65 by
N 120; $11,908. , .
Michael J. Pierce (owner) with P. H. Pierce
(contractor), architect Charles , J. Rousseau —
All work except mantels, gas fixtures, backus
grates and shades for a two-story • and base
ment frame building (two flats) on E line of
Foliom • street. 175 S of Nineteenth. B 25 by
E 122:0; $4600.
. . Alameda County.
Peter Hanberry . (trustee- astate of Bridget
Pridy. deceased) to Mary E. Irish formerly
Mary E. or Mary Pridy. wife of Charles W.
Irish), lot on W 'line Jof Prospect avenue,- 70
N of Cortland aveYiue. N 40 by W 113 lot
144%. Cobb Tract; $1.
John F. Kelly to Daniel V. Kelly, lot 14,
block 17. Paul Tract Homestead; $10.
James Lawton to Ellen Mullen, lot on S line
of Point Lobos avebue, 750 B ¦ of Marengo
street, E 25 by S 125. lot 15. block N, Railroad.
Homestead Association; $50.
Builders' Contracts.
Serene Larsen. Ann Nelson Randl Berg,
Ollne. alias Lena Fossum to same, same; $1
William F. Hanrahan to George W Keegan
undivided hi of lot on W line of Fifteenth
avenue. 122:6 N of C street, N 146, W 75-3,
SB 140. E 73:6; also lots 1 to 14 block 34
Sunny Vale Homestead; $10.
Agnes E. and W. G. Bohannan to John W.
Rlckley. lot on ' N line of I street. 107 :6 E
of Eleventh avenue, E 25 by N 100; $10
Hedda G. Olson and Beata Johnson alias
Johansof* to Jacob Heyman Company (a cor
poration), lot on E line of Twelfth avenue.
125' N of K street, N 25 by E 120; $10.
. Albert M. and .Laura Brookes to Mary S.
and Emma H. Brookes, lot on N line of Tenth
avenue. 170 w of L street, W 70 by N 100 ¦
gift. i :
Estate Sivert, alias Sewerd Fossum (by John
Farnham, Administrator) to John Ryan lot
On NE corner of Sierra and Michigan streets.
N 100 by E 50; $4250. '
Sophie Schadde to Jessie. W. Robson ¦ lot on
E corner of Minna and Julia streets, NE 1C0
by SE SO; $10. . ' ¦ ¦ •
and Rose Herrmann (Dolan) to
Thomas Comisky. lot, on SE line of Harrison
street, 325 NE of Third.- NE 25 by SE 90- $10
Louis Haas to Esther Laude, lot on SE line
by EtfTeo- 8 $«oo W NrE of Elghth - NE , 20
Edwin and Julia T. Parrlsh to Mary J. O'Sul
livan, lot on N line of Hill street, 65 W of
Noe, W 25 by N 114; $10.
.,,£ er ? and0 aD(i Julia A - Nelson to Isldor Boas
(%). Louis and Esther Boyarsky (#), lot on S
line of Seventeenth etreet. 25 E of Hartford. E
_-O Dy s oi '1* $10. ¦' *
Hugh and Theresa Keerian to Napoleon J.
and Annie L. Huot, lot on SW corner of Page
and Scott streets, S 37:6 by W 100; $10.
Henry W. Cope to Angela R. de Siekavlzza,
lot on N line of Beulah street. 181 :3 E of Stan
yan. E 25 by N 137:6; $10.
Charles Crocker, Crocker Estate Company,
Louis .Enright. Edward J. Ohm. T. L Ruth
erford. Albert W. Scott and George S.
Wright (by Matthew Nunan, late Sheriff) to
Crocker Estate Company (a corporation), lot on
SE corner of Stanyan and Waller streets, E
375:3%. & 100, W 87S.-N 84:6; J230.
George F. and Emma L. Burnett to Wolde
mar and Marie Starke. lot on S line of Waller
street. 16C:3 W of Shrader, W 25 by 8 137:6;
Harry .A. L. Floyd Gopcevio and Mllot M.
Gopoevlc to Minnie F. Gray (wife of George
F.), lot on S line of Page street. 217:6 W of
Buchanan. W 30 by S 120; also lot commencing
217:6 W of Buchanan and 120 8 of Page W
30 by S 17:6; $10.
William F. O'Brien to Grace D. O'Brien, lot
on NE corner of Ellis and Pierce streets. _ 40
by N 87:6; $10. . . - -..
SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 21
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
GENEROUS WOMAN
CROSSES RIVER
DISCUSS MANUAL
TRAINING WORK
Mrs. Vestatia Gove Dies
After Life of Good
Deeds.
Convention of Teachers
Is Held in Alameda
High School.
University Professors and
.Other Instructors Deliver
Lectures.
Devotes Years to Seeking;'
Keform in Publio In
stitutions.
Berkeley Office San Frandsco Call,
2148 Center St. Nov. 2L
The llfework of Mrs. Veatatia J. M.
Gove, .a woman widely known for her
philanthropies, was ended to-day by
death at the home of h<r daughter, Mrs.
J. -H. -Men-all of 1617 Shattuck a venue*
She passed away at the advanced age
of 78 years, death having been due to
the complications j accompanying old
age. - t
Mrs. Gove was known everywhere for
her., charities and philanthropies, par
ticularly In California. She became In
terested in reform work soon after com
ing to California in the early 60's and
was active in securing better conditions
in'puWifr institutions. Fr many years
she was the State Superintendent of
prison work for the Women's Christian
Temperance Union, having been an in
valuable assistant to Chaplain Drahms
at San Quentln prison. She was the
only woman who was allowed the free
dom of San Quentin prison.
¦ Mrs. Gove was a native . of Morris
town, N. Y., and the widow of the late
Captain Albion B. Gove. She leaves
two sons and a daughter— F. A. Hyde
of San Francisco, formerly a member of
the San Francisco Board of Education;
Marcus D. : Hyde, who* is associated
with his brother in the law, and Mrs.
Merrall.
The funeral will be held to-morrow
afternoon at 2:30 o'clock from the First
Congregational Church of Oakland,
with which Mrs. Gove was long, affiliat
ed. The Rev. J. K. McLean, assisted by
Chaplain Drahms, will officiate.
THE BXTLING PRICES
FOB. WELD BEASTS
ALAMEDA, Nov. 21.— Manual train
ing, drawing and domestic science as
related to public school education were
the topics of interesting lectures deliv
ered to-day at the convention , of the
Manual Training and Drawing Teach-,
era' Association, held in Assembly Hall
of the Alameda High School. Profes
sor Arthur B. Clark of Stanford Uni
versity, president of the organization,
called the meeting to order at 10:80
o'clock this" morning. Brief welcoming
addresses were delivered by School Su
perintendent . Fred T. Moore, Principal
A. W. Scott, Principal Duncan McKin
non, Principal J. O. Osborne and Prin
cipal Clinton E. Miller of the local de
partment. Professor Myer Jaffa of the
University of California gave his lec
ture on "Tho Place of Nitrogenous
Foods in Diet" at' the' morning session.
Dr. Elmer E., Brown of the University
of California spoke on "Some Relations
of ManualTralning With Other As
pects of Education" at the afternoon
session. He held that there was not
sufficient importance given to manual
training in the colleges. Other papers
read at the afternoon session were:
"Outline, Design and Ornamentation,"
M. J. Doyle: "Hearst Domestic Indus
tries," Miss M. A. Hicks, University of
California; "Sewing,", Miss Mary L.
Crittende'n,' California < School of Me
chanical Arts, San Francisco; "Art in
the Public Schools," Charles P. Neilson,
Alat'me.da.
Mr. Neilson did not believe ' that
enough attention was paid to art in the
public schools. Drawing, he said, was
to art what grammar is to literature.
Great works of art were the labors of
grea.t minds and could only be correctly
appreciated by those educated in art.
FIREMEN FALL
WITH THE ROOF
Volunteer Fire Fighters
y Narrowly Escape
Burning.
E It was the morning after election and a
stout, thrifty German housefrau was In
a butcher shop making purchases for the
day. The butcher, his clerk and a man
who dropped in to- say good morning were
talking about the results. ! The butcher
was a Tammanyvoter, his clerk ¦ likewise,
while the visitor had cast his ballot for
the Fusion cause. The. Fuslonlst took the
butcher's chaff good-naturedly, remark
ing that there would be "other elections,"
when the housefrau struck' In with tho
observation:
"Ven I can vote I vlll vote bote tickets.
Then I vlll not be left no matter how the
election goes." . ......
The men looked at each other and
laughed, but no one was rash enough to
enter into argument with the housefrau.
— Brooklyn Kagle. - ¦
The 'Hausf rau's Politics.
The following table will give an Idea of
fair prices for these beasts and their
average length of life in menageries: -
Years. Value.
Elephant 20 $5,000
Grizzly bear 15 1,500
Black bear 12 200
Lion :...:........... 12 1.000
Tiger (India) 12 2,500
Siberian tigef 12 4.000
White bear 20 1,000
Of course, these prices are only aver
ages and do not apply to trained animals.
A well-trained lion is worth about $5000,
arfd is not on the market at that price.
I have the very best tiger In all the world
— I can sleep with him. and he knows ev
erything. I would not take $10,000 for
him. On the other hand, there are lions
that can be bought for $100. Some tigers,
rIho, are very cheap. Those are the ones
born in captivity. They are not much
good, being degenerates In every respect.
Their bones are soft and their brains are
poor. The great menageries of the world
won't take them at all. - ; > r a;~w" ;v
Some of the white bears are worth a
good deal more than I have stated. Singu
larly . enough, in spite of their , violent
change of climate, they are seldom sick.
A tank of water and plenty of fish Is
about all that the white bear needs to
keep him in good order. The price I name
for the Siberian tiger is also low.; I doubt
that orders for good Siberian tigers could
be filled at that price. They are rare
beasts, tremendous In size and having
coats of hair live or six inches long.
There ia a«flne specimen In Bronx Park.—
Independent. W- .• ;
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
1 2148 Center St., Nov. 21.
Two volunteer firemen, Charles Gil
martin and Louis j Parquet, came near
finding burial In a bed of "coals at a fire
in "West Berkeley early this" morning.
"While the men were on the roof of the
building trying, to manipulate ¦ a hose
so that the flames could be reached, the
fire burned the BuppoTtsfrom beneath
them. They were so busy that they did
not notice their danger and had started
to climb to the ridge of the roof when
a warning cry went up to them from
the spectators below. The men felt the
roof sinking under them and retreated
Just as it fell, into the flaming pit be
neath. The flames were temporarily
balked, however, by the crash, which
gave the firemen time to climb to the
edge of the frame still standing and
leap to the ground. They escaped with
slight burns.
The burned building was occupied as
a grocery store and dwelling by Daniel
Duggan. and stood at the corner 1 of
Third and Camella streets. It was in
sured for $2000. Fire Chief Kenny be
lieves that the fire was the work of an
incendiary.
Cost of English Elections.
A general election, such as seems In
evitable -within a very short period, is a
costly business, but not nearly so ex
pensive since .the introduction of the
corrupt practices act. In 1880 Mr. Glad
stone's majority of 211 in Midlothian
was obtained with an outlay of £2693
12s 8d, or an average of £1 14a l%d for
every vote, while the Earlof Dalkelth,
who opposed him, incurred an expendi
ture of £4068, or £2 19s 5%d a vote. In
the same year the Duke of Devonshire
pair £4617 for his seat.' Lord George
Hamilton_and Mr. Octavius ' Cooke be
tween them in Middlesex ran up a bill
of £11,506, and Mr. Herbert Gladstone,
who was rejected by the same constit
uency, spent. £6377— a tidy sum to pay
for defeat In 1880 an English county
seat cost- approximately £3000 and a
borough about £800; now the average
outlay has been reduced to a little over
£1000 and about £600, respectively.—
London Chronicle. /
Queen Wllhelmlna's Det amusement Is
taking photographs. She goes about on
foot, snapping a passing peasant, a group
of children coming from school or a bit
of scenery, ', whenever an * agreeable sub
ject .presents : Itself.
J W. Entrlck (by Mary M. Calame. attor
ney, 'and Mary M. Calame to 'Annie E. -Em
rick (wife of William J.), lot on E line of
Magnolia street, 108:4^4 S of Seventh. S 50 by
E 128:3, lots 10 and -17, block 488, map No. 2
of Brlggs Tract, Oakland, and property out of
C °j n s r# and 'Josephine Burpee (wife) to Virginia
P. 'MacCabe (single), lot on SE line of Howe
street 247:5 NE of Moss avenue. NE 40 by SE
125. portion of lots 26 and 27, block A. Ther
mal Hill, formerly Howe Tract. Oakland; $10.
Olivia B. and Joseph Johnson (husband) to
Elizabeth Judge- (wife of Barney), lot on E
corner of Howard and Howe streets, Is E 110 by
SE €5, .block K, same; $10. ' _
James NlcoJ (widower) to John U. and Au
gusta Mendes, lot on E line of East Nineteenth
(Qutncy) street. 200 SE of Twenty-first (Ala
ineda) avenue. SE 50 by NE 140, lots Oand 10.
block. 60. map of r San Antonio, East Oakland:
Harry J ' Gamble (single) to same, lot on
NE line of Eact Nineteenth (Qulncy) street,
150 BE of Twenty-flrst avenue (Alameda street).
SE 60 by NE 140. lots .7 and 8, block 50, same
map. East Oakland; $10. ¦•-"
Jeanette.E. Merrltt (single) to Florence M.
Gardner lots 1 to 11, block A. and lots 24 to
26 block V, Sanford Tract; Oakland; $10. • '
THE SAN FKAlJsCISeO CALL, SUKDA^Y, NOVEMBER 22. 1903.
47
NEXT: SUNDAY CALL
THIS. IS ONE OF .
A. CONA1T DOYLE'S
Most Exciting Stories.
"CAPTAIN SHARKEY."
rooms^foh norsniXEErtxG.
AT Kr.!ckwbockffr Apartments J340 Pine rt.,
near Hyde— Furnlvhod Kootn «ult»: *3tt up; (
steam heated, electric Hchtfl: fw bath.
FOLSOM S34— Suany tar-window room with
kitchen'; bath; gas; a sint'.e. together or ,
ee pa rate. __________^_^___
GEARY STS— Sunny basement. 4 rooms; com-
;uete for housekeeping- :
GEARY 1042 Parlor floor of 3 or 4 rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnifh.-^l'ath & phone; private.
GEARY 1225— Cottage, three furnished hous«-
k^ir.g rooms; ra^J^f " n * water, garden.
GEAP.Y lfl:o— For »dul:s; 4 connecting rooms,
bath, toiltt. gas. co*l stovea; all necatsarlcs.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1042— Parlor floor of 4
room* furr.isfced: us « of P lBJ1 °: conveniences
.cf entire flat; gunny and pleaiant.
JONES. SftO— The Zo!a; newly furnished suites,
3 & 4 rms; ai*» tingle; water; steam heated.
LARKIN W.B — » nfcssJy furnished front house-
keopirir rooms: running water; bath, phone,
MARK FT i^'- ( — To let ! a rooms, partly fur-
ni'hert fl2: rcar^ upstairs; cheap. WIL-
UAM "BURNS-
MARKET. ISSU — Sunny room for housekeeping
with kitchen.
MISSION. 1«CS — Elegant front suite, complete
for housekeeping: running water, gas. phone.
MODEL HOUSE, 1206 Stockton st. — Newly fur-
" Dished rf>oreg, $5-$12; bath, gas, phone.
OAK. 117— Sunny suites; $12 and $16; gas
range, bet bath; laundry; adults.
S PARTLY furnished rooms; rent 512. In-
Qu!rt? grocery Etore, corner 25th and Capp sts.
SEVENTEENTH. 3»45. near Castro — S beauti-
ful desirable unfur. rva%; no children; reason.
6IXTEENTH. SO77, near Valencia— 2 neatly
furnishod rooais for housekeeping; cheap.
CLASSIFIED advertisements an-5 subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has beta established at 1<XkJ
Valencia st.
nOQMS TO LET — Psrn. and UofnrB.
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
115 AXD 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDT ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP TO DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN; lfO ROOMS; 35 SUITS
WITH PRIVATE BATH; ELECTRIC
LIGHT?: STEAM UEATEO THROUOH-
OUV: TELEPHONE IN EVEKY ROOM:
SUITS WITH BATH. *1 trt to 12 50 PER
DAY" SINGLE ROOMS 75c to $1 ; HOT
WATER PAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041.
~ ASHWORTH HOTEL,
320 Mason si., bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
Ro<Mr.» with or without private bath.
New edftillon Just completed; entire house
rieuly renovated; sun In rooms all day.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st. — Rooms 1
28c to $1 per Rlrcht. $1 25 to $5 per wetk and .
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." S7.1 Market st. (or No. 1 j
Fifth «.)— Rooms 25c. 50c. $ 1. $1 50 night; |
SI 50 to $10 weefc; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rootri*. su'.te. single; also unfurnished.
CAPP. SI6 — Lnnfp. sunny, furnished rooms to I
let; private family. j
CHANGED hands; rents reduced; steady room- !
ers will find It to their advantage to lnyes- j
tigate: trunks moved free; riano; at the La I
r»!oaa. 903 Market St.. next to Halo's.
CLIFFORD. 2Ot KUis. corner Mason — ElA^antly
furnished tunny rooms; prices reasonable.
DEVISADERO. IE2S— 1 or 2 sunny unfurnished j
front roorcs 'to let. •
ELLIS. €13 — Furnished eunny single rooms; I
private family; rent reasonable. j
FRANKLIN. 721. near Golden Gate ave. — I
funny front roon-.«- ell conveniences; sulta- !
tie for 1 or 2. *io.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rootr.«50c i
to $1 50 aight; fl to ?3 week; reading-rooci.
HOWARD. 1310 — funny double parlors acd s4n-
»;l« room for gentlemen.
HYDE, 815— Nicely furnished room, private
family, suitable for 1 or 2 gents; reasonable.
JESSIE. 3G3. east U. S. Mint— Furnished room,
T6 per raosth; for 2. $S.
LAGUNA end McAllister. St. James flat — San-
ny dncle room.
NINTH. 113 — 2 eunny furnished rooms; rent
reasonable.
NINTH. 119 (GiJcspie)— Nicely furr.lshed rooms, j
SI 50 to 52 T.O r>fr week; 50c to 75c per night, j
OLIVE ave.. lie — Furnished or unfurnished
rooms.
PINE. 709. r-ast of Powell — EJrgant parlor
elite, running wat*T. private bath: also other
rooms In fleraxit furnished new flat; gentle-
.men preferred.
POLK. IZXiS — Tke Carnegie — This ha» changed
hands and is thoroughly renovated; $6 up.
POWELL. 317 — Sunny front suite for doctor
or dentist: alfo oih^r furnished rooms.
HOYAL Hoose. 120 E'.lls — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, tmoklng-rooni and ladies' par-
lor: roome v*r night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to JS; month. JS to $30; elevator on ground
floor; roorr.s with hot and cold water; baths.
SLTTTER. 1023%, r.^ar Hyde— 2 large eunny
parlors, with outside kitchen or laboratory.
2 FURNISH3-3D rooms to let; good for rr.an
and wi!*; $'i rr.or.th. Apply 2(2 Third st.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy st.. near Market—
400 single and family rooms; 35c to $1 r.lght; j
fl 75 to $0 ir«k; elevator; electric light*; !
reading-room; tre* bus and baggage. j
VAN NESS. 51»— Hand«cme sunny furnished
suites and eingle rooms; all conveniences.
VAN NESS ave.. 706— Sunr.y front basement
«¦;.••• and kitchen; elso two rear rooms.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 :;d «t.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 7W> roonn;
25c to ?1 50 night; 52 to IS Wfk; elevator;
elec. lights; readlr.g-room; fr»»« bus; baggage.
ADVEP.TISEMENTS. subscriptions received at
Call Branch olflce. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
rer-eived at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore et.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* *.ii
subscriptions has beec established at 1084
Vmi«-r.cla rt.
_ M BOOMS AXD DOAKD.
HOTEL BALTIMORE,
VAN ICESS AVE. .NEAB GEARY ST.
AMERICAN PLAN.
PHONH PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
EELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER.
EPEC;.'-L RATES BY MONTH.
MUNGER & ZEBERO, PROPRIETORS.
CALIFORNIA. 1240— Handoomely furniehed
rooms, single and en suite; select borne;
choice location; excellent table.
HOTEL MARTINET. Geary st. and Van Ness
eve., has changed hands; hereafter conducted
flrct-cla?s family hotel; table board specialty.
STUDENTS will find a good home and board
reasonable at C70 Harrison et.. Rlncon Hill;
fotir blocks from the Palace Hotel.
STEVENSON mansion fe07 California st. — At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
I een-lce; lowest rat*«.
BOARD and rooms In private family. 1916
ElHs Bt.; references.
F1BST. £23 — Room and board. $1 50 per week;
home cooking-; house changed hands. -j-
A WEEK'S news for B e*nt»— The Weekly Call.
16 paces. 1n wrapper, tor mailing, tl per year.
ROOMS AAD HOARD WASfTCD.
WANTED — A suite of rooms with board for
man and wife In a flrst-clas* hotel or board-
!rg-hoas« north of Market street, on or near
a car line; state rates. Address Box 4470,
Call office. .
WANTED — Room and board In good hotel at
%'i'j per month for a rentlemai; north of
Market et. and west of Taylor. Address box
4580. Call office.
LADOIilNG man wants 21 special and good
meals per week and small room; lower part
of cttv. n-)X 45CS. Call.'
TO IJET.
SHOEING, wagon and paint shop. 22x80. In-
quire In grocery, eouthweet corner Geary and
HrodPrick st<. '
, STtTTEnnc A.VP STAMMEniXO.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market— Curw
In every case; Individual teaching: no medl-'
dpe. .Inquire Into wonderful cures;hom> cur».
MAHBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Elmer E. nmcry, 24, K7 Geary street, and
Iy.ltia II. Kennan. 23. 1315 Clay street.
Edward 3- KiUllea, 27. 20JT Devlsadero street,
\ sjjd Jtscle J. Phllbon, 25. 22C Twenty-seventh.
t Herman Muller. 2S. 27G0 Twenty-third street.
and Anna Kirchen. 23. 2955 Twenty-sixth st.
Joseph . I-imarht-r. 30. 13 IS Kansas street.
and Josephine G*lger, 27. Berkeley. -
Earl M . H ill, 'Zi, Bcnicla, and Mamie ' I.
•Wcrell. 22. city.
Johaa M- Hanson. 23, 4 1 Third street, and
Annie Gre»rer. 2*. 66 Third street. , ..
- Samuel Homy, 2K. 243 Steuart street, and
. Ly.ia Yofcela, 21. 243 Rteuart street. • ' -.-
Charles E. Tully, 21. 207 Franklin street,
maA Allude Flj-nn, ZX, 104 Eddy street.
Philippe J. Maiiry. 28. 119 Sixth street, and
Marie L. Carrleres, 27, 441 Geary street.
Morris A. Mont. .T?, 11«3 Mission street, and
Celia Gold, 2H, 1163 Mission street.
Phllos H. Tylrr, 34, New York City, and
Martha L. Rundel, 24, Waco, Texas.
Edward T. Maw, 27, 212A Fourteenth street
and Ethel B. Earhart, 19. 212A Fourteenth tU
James E. Maokie, 19, 120 Converse Btreet,
and Maggl« Jorecnsen, 10, S3 Converse street.
J»an Laiwalle, 40, 416 Broadway, and Cle-
tnence Courpet, 34, 619 Jacksun street.
ndwar.l N. AVerner, 27. 08 Elliott Park, and
Fa rah O'Brien. 27, m Elliott Park.
Otto J. Ohlson, 27, 177 Perry street, and
Ar.na B. Johnson, 23. 1231 Folsom street.
Pomenlo Henamatl, 23, 51&H Filbert street,
and Louiso Terrogiaro, 21,.t*15 Union street.
Thomas Tlerney. «0, Irvlngton, and Kittle
E. Place, 27, Irvlngton. ,
G*on?e J. Sehmltt Jr.. 24. 2C8 Stevenson
strc-el. end Katherlne Powers. 20, 23 Boyce st.
Charles Chapman; 42, 5 Douglass street, and
Bertha Orh», «9, 0 Douglass Btreet.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Elrth. marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
»oni authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published onoa In this column
free of charge.
BORN.
BRUTCHER— In this ciry. November 21, 1903.
to tho wife of J. A. Brutcher. a son.
COMPAGNO— In this city. April 19. 1903. to
the wife of Manuel Compagno. a daughter.
CONROY— In this city. November 19, 1903. to
the wife of J. J. Conroy. a son.
OARREN-In this city. November 5. 1903, to
the wife of Leslie E. Garren. a daughter.
HEDQUIST— In this city. November 15, 1903,
to the wife of John Hedqulst, a son.
HEINER— In this city, November 20, 1903. -to
the wife of L. A. Helner. a daughter.
HIRSCH— In this city, to the wife of Herman
Hirsch, a daughter.
LYONS — In thla city, November 21. 1903, to
the wife of H. E. Lyons, a daughter.
MAHONY— Ia this city. November 18. 1903. to
the wife of Andrew F. Mahony. a daughter.
MORTON— In this city, November 21, 1903, to
the wlf<» of R. C. Morton, a daughter.
RAMSAY — In this city, November 14. 1003, to
the wife of George Ramsay, a daughter.
SHEA— In this city. November 4, 1903. to the
wife of W. D. Shea, a son.
SIDEN— In this city, November. 5, 1903, to the
\ wife of Arthur Siden. a daughter.
THOMPSON — In this city, November 3, 1903,
to the wife of Walter G. Thompson. & son.
VANDERVEER— In this city, to the wife of
John B. Vanderveer, a son.
WICKSTROil— In this city. November 13,
1SKC. to the wife of L. Wlckstrom, W son.
W1PKOTSCHILL— In this city, November 18.
1903. to the wife of E. J. Wlskotschlll. a
daughter. .
HAMMOND— HAROWITZ— In this city. No-
! vember 15, 1903. at the home of the bride,
Llewellyn B. Hammond and Janette A.
Horowitz.
j McDONALD— SCHUETT— In this city, No-
vember 19. 1903. by the Rev. J. Fuendellng,
Daniel McDonald and Marie Schuett.
i Mclaughlin— boardman— in this city.
November 4, 1903, by the Rev. Patrick Scan-
Ion, pastor of St. Joseph's Church. Cornelius
P. McLaughlin and Margaret E. Boardman.
' MAHONY — CONWAY — In thta city. November
15, 1903, at St. Paul's Church, by the Rev.
M. D. Connolly. Edw. P. Mahony and Mary
E. Conway, both of San Francisco.
MYERS — VOGEL— In San Rafael. November
18, 1903, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, Eugene
H. Myers of San Francisco and Freda C.
Vogel of San Rafael.
SOLLMAN— LANGER — In thla city. November
; 18. 1903, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, Theo-
' dore W. Sollman and Margaretna Langer.
I STEVENS — DAY — At St. Mary's Episcbpal
Church, Nome, Alaska, October 22, 1903, by
the Rev. John White, rector, Sylvanus Har-
low Stevens of Nome and Alma Giddings
Day, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Thurber Day of San Francisco.
1 VON HUSEN— BUCHEL— In this city, Novem-
ber 18. 1903. by the Rev. J. Fuendellng,
Frederick L. von Husen and Emma Buchel.
~~~~ diebT"
Baker. Annie Hlgbee. Earl
Becker. Adam Hogan, Thomas P.
Bollinger. Francis Jorgensen, Andrew
Brosna:v,VJohn D. Joseph, Milton
• Brown, Benton B. Larrabaster, Lucy
Brown, Cart. John Lehman, Bertha
Brownlow, Chas. B. Lusk, Mrs. Emeret
Campbell, Catherine McLaughlln, John
Christ. Antone M. Martin, Frank F.
Commlns, Leo R. Morlarty, B. Ellen
Constant, Margery J- Nee, Mary
' De Lucca. Annie Newell. George
Dlxson, De Witt C Patterson. Lenna C.
Edwards, Mary E. Rlley, -Mary E.
Ferguson, Henry Rowley, Brainard N.
Foley. Mary Sands, Lorensa
Qallagher. Ann Schalble. Albert
Gove, Mrs. A. B. Ellssman, John M.
Gove. Vestatia L M, Smith, Mabel H. J.
Green, Dora Stanley, Dr. Wm. H.
Harold. James ¦ Strel. Alice J.
Hickox. Minnie B. ._
BAKER — In this city, November 19, 1903, An-
nie, beloved wife of Frederick W. Baker,
daughter of the late James and Annie Hall,
and elster of Mrs. A. J. Estelita, Mrs. R.
Dorrance and the late John Hall, a native
of San Francisco, aged 25 years 10 months
and 7 days.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
" 1 Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Henry J. Gallagher . Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery, by carriage.
BECKER— In this city, November 21, 1903,
Adam Becker, a native of Germany, aged C5
¦ years. A member of Bakery Wagon Driv-
: ers' Union No. 106.
£7Remaiiis at the parlors of Gantner
Bros., 1209 Mission street, between Eighth
and Ninth.
BOLLINGER— In this city. November 20, 1903,
Francis, beloved husband of the late Mom-
Ing Bollinger, and brother of Mrs. Emma
Doll and the late Nicholas Bollineer. a na-
tive of St. LouU, Mo., aged 64 years. (St.
Louis. Mo., capers please copy.)
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co.. 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery- ',-¦'•->
BROSNAN— November 21, 1903, John D., be-
loved husband of Mary Brosnan, and father
of James A. Brosnan, a native of County
Kerry, Ire-land, aged OS years.
JC7 Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the Earlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767
Mission street, between Third and Fourth.
BROWN— In this city, November 19. 1903,
Benton B. Brown, a native of St. Louis. Mo.,
aged GO years. A member of the Paper-
hangers' Union No. 001>. = r V* ; >
lE^Fr-lcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
McFadden, McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery.
BROWN— At his residence in Sausallto, No-
vember 21. 1903. Captain John B. Brown,
late of Point Bonlta . Lighthouse, beloved
husband of Charlotte Brown, a native of
England, aged 70 years and 26 days.
CTFrlefc'is and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvirM to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 11:30 o'clock.' from the I. O-
O. F. Hall, corner of Market and Seventh
streets, under the auspices of Templar Lodge
No. 17. I. O. O. F. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery. Oakland, by 1 o'clock creek
boat.
BROWNLOW— In this city. November 20. 1003,
Charles B. Brownlow, a native of Kentucky,
aged f>0 years.
ETTriends and • acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street. | between
Fifth and Sixth, under the auspices of Lau-
rel Lodce No. 4, K. of P. Cremation Odd
Fellows" Cemetery.
CAMPBELL— In this city. November 21, 1903,
at her residence, 1728 Waller stre*t, Cath-
erine, teloved wife of the late- James D.
Campbell, and mother of James D. t Archie
E., Kate E. and Alicia J. Campbell, a na-
tive of County Meath, Ireland.
EZNotlce of funeral hereafter.
CHRIST— In thla city, November 2L 1903,
Antone M. Christ, beloved husband of Ettle
J. Christ, and father of Andrew and Antone
Christ, a native of Mir*ourl. aged 33 , years
and 3 days.
-¦ C7 Friends aad acquaintances arc respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock. . from the funeral
parlors of James McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy
street. Cremation Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
A member of Portland Aerie No. 4. Mem-
HENSY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth ft., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple,-
Now at t>«6 MISSION. . Tel. South 167.'
\ Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
j — _
F. J. MONAHAN. Manager. Tel. Mission 21.
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DinECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2239-2341 Mission st., near Nineteenth,
San Francisco. - - , •
James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
JAMES McGINN & CO..
Formerly With McGinn Bros.. . :
Funeral Directors and Kmbalmers).
t 214 Eddy «t.; Tel. South 678.
bers- of San Francisco Aerie ' No. 8 art re-
quested to attend. „
COMMINS — In this city,' November '19, 1903,
Leo Richard, Uearly beloved Infant son of
Jams* E. and MaAirle Commlns", brother of
Maggie. Alice, Evelene and Ruth .Commlns,
and grandson of Mrs. Margaret Egan, a na-
tive of Ban Francisco, aged 8 montha-and
28 days. - .
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect--
fully Invited to attend the funeral ¦ Sunday,
November 22, at 1 o'clock, from the r«sl-»
dence of the parents, a43O . Mission streeti
Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
CONSTANT— In -this city, November 21, 1903.
Margery Jane Constant, beloved eister of
Mrs. Mary Elliott, a native of Elkhart
Grove. 111.
DE LUCCA— In this city, November 20. lOOtt.
Annie, beloved wife of Sv. G. de Lucca, and
daughter of Mrs. Bach, a native qt uer-
many, aged 24 years and 2 months.
CTThe funftat will take place Sunday,
November 22, at 1:30 o'clock, from lWi
Taylor strwt. Interment Mount / Olivet
Cemetery. Funeral prlvat*. Pleaat omit
flowers. :':'„-.-
DIXSON — In this city, November 21. 1903, De
Witt C, beloved husband of Mary M. Dlx-
eon, and father of Charles H. and De Witt
C. Dlxson Jr., a native of Slbleyville, N. Y.,
nged (11 years 11 months and I. day. (Hngl-
naw, Mich., papers please copy.) _
ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
EDWARDS— In this city, November 20, 1903,'
Mary E., beloved . wife of Officer John Ed-
wards, mother of Alice and John Edwards,
and slater of William, John N. . and Jere-
miah Hurley and Mrs. John C. Ward, a na-
tive of Grass Valley, Cal., aged 31 years.
(Oakland papers please copy.)
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1850" Union street, thence to St.
Brigld's Church, .where a solemn requiem
masa will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FERGUSON— In this city. November 21. 1903,
at 007 Howard street. Henry, dearly baloved
«on of William and Mary Ferguson, and
brother of James P., Anna M., Theresa,
John and William Ferguson, a native of San
Francisco, aged fi months. -.
FOLEY— In the City and County Hospital,
November 20, 1903, Mary Foley.
GALLAGHER— In this city, November 20,
1903, Ann, beloved wife of the late William
Gallagher, and mother of Mis. F. E. Har-
rington, and sister of Mrs. ». Shannon, a
native of County Galway, frtWLl, aged 6U
years.- . • ' ' . • •
ETTrlends aad acquatntLU,<rs are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:10 o'clock, from the parlors
of J.»C. O'Connor & Co., 707 Mission street,
thence to St. Peter's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. -
GOVE— In Oakland. November 21. 1908, Ves-
tatia I. M., wife of the late Captain Albion
B. Gove. and mother of Frederick A. and
Marcus D. Hyde and Mrs. J. H. Merrall, a
native of New York, aged 78 years 2 months
and 9 days.
GOVE— In Oakland, November 21, 1903, Mm
A. B. Gove.
. IE7" Funeral from chapel of First Congre-
gational ' Church, Oakland, at 2:30 o'clock
Punday.
GREEN— In this city, November 21, 1903,
Dora, beloved wife of Mark Green, mother
of Hilda. Monroe. Arthur, Julian, Hazel,
Selma and Stanley Green, and sister of Mrs.
E. Simon, Mrs. L. G. Kaufman and 8. M.
and Sol Seellgsohn, a native of San Fran-
Cisco, aged 45 years.
(£7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
HAROLD— In this city, November fl, 1903,
James Harold, an ex-member of the Police
Department, pensioned, and member Of > the
Knights of the Red Branch, a native of
County Louth. Ireland, aged 79 years.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English, 29 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Ignatius Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the renose of his soul, commencing at
9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, by electric funeral car from Eighteenth'
and Guerrero streets.
HICKOX— In Alameda, November 21, . 1903,
Minnie Bell, beloved wife of Arthur M.
Hlckox, mother of Milo E. Hlckox, and sis-
ter of Mrs. R. E. Kearon, Mrs. L. H. Ja-
cobl. Mra. R. D. Hunter and Mrs. C. E.
Tltchener.
HIGBEE — In this city. November " 21, 1903,
Earl, beloved son of T. W. and Elizabeth
Hlgbee, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year and 4 months.
HOGAN — In Oakland, November 21. 1903,
Thomas P.. beloved son of Patrick and
Catherine Hogan, and brother of William,
Joseph, Maggie and Mary Hcgan and Mrs.
J. Marquardt, a native of Peoria, 111., aged
29 years 10 months and 28 days. - (Peoria, -
111., papers please copy.)
£7 Remains ot the parlors of James Mc-
Menomey & Son, 1067 ' Mission street, near
Seventh. Notice of funeral hereafter.
JORGENSEN— In Fly District. Napa County.
November 20. 1903, Andrew Bent, beloved
husband of Tinnle Jorgensen, father of How-
ard A. Jorgensen and' the late Harold. .C. ,
Jorgensen, son of Jorgen and Cecilia Jorgen-
sen, and brother of Mrs. Sam Henderson,
Mrs. C. Pedlar and Henry Jorgensen, a na-
tive of Denmark, aged 26 yean 2 months
and 26 days. A member of Helga Lodge, No.
8 of Dania and Golden Gate Camp No. 64,
Woodmen of the World.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, November 24, 1903, at ' 1 o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Un-
dertaking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-flrst. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
JOSEPH— In Ocean View, November 20. 1003,
Milton Joseph, dearly beloved father of Wil-
liam M. and George A. Sanger and Mrs.
George McGilllvray, a native of Boston,
Maes., aged €2 years 2 months and 4 days.
LARRABASTER— In this city, November 20,
1903, Lucy, dearly beloved wife of Frank
Larrabaster, and loving daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. R. Pineda, a native of San Francisco,
aged 20 years 3 months and 7 days.
(£7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
November 22, at 12 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 710 Broadway, thence
to the Spanish Church for services.
LEHMAN— In this city, November 20. 1903,
Bertha Lehman, beloved mother of Max,
William. Abe and Jennie Lehman and Mrs.
Emma Olsen. and grandmother of Henry
Rothenberg and Llllle Lehman, a native of
Banter, . Germany, aged 57 years and 8
months.
E7Frientis and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at 10 o'clock, from her late residence, 768
Fulton street. Interment Salem Cemetery,
via the 11:30 o'clock train from Third' and
Townsend streets depot.
THE officers and members of Bay City Circle
No. 11, C. of F. of A., are requested to at-
tend the funeral of our late companion. Ber-
tha Lehman, on Sunday, November 22, at 10
o'clock, from her lato residence, 714 Ful-
ton street. By order of I
<TOSEPH TREMONT, l C C.
MRS. H. WORMS. Fin. Sec.
tiUSK — In this city, November 21, 1903, Mrs.
Emeret E. Lusk, grandmother of Mrs. H, T.
Harper, John L. Frost, Miss Emeret Ken-
nedy and Miss Ruby Kennedy, a native of
Litchfleld, Conn., aged 91 years and 9
months.
MCLAUGHLIN — In Keswlck. November 19,
1903, John McLaUKhlln, beloved brother of
Ed McLaughlln and Mrs. Peter Young of
Walnut Creek and Mrs. Joaeph Foster of San
Jose, and cousin of John and Edward Young
of Walnut Creek and Mike Young of- San
Francisco, a native of County SUgo, Ire-
land, aged 41 years.
tyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, .from the parlors
of Valente, Marlni & Co., 1524 Stockton
street, thence to St. Francis Church for ser-
vices. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MARTIN— In Agnews, November 20, , 1903,
Frank :T.: Martin, beloved son of Mm. C. F.
Martin, and brother of George J. and Charles
F. Martin, a native of California, aged 41
years.
MORI ARTY — In this city,. November 20, 1903,'
B. EHen Morlarty, beloved wife of th« late
Timothy Morlarty, * and loving mother of
John E.. Daniel \V., Timothy F., Anna C.
and Nellie E. Morlarty. a native of County
Cork. Ireland, aged 57 years 7 months and
22 days." (Boston papers please copy.)
C7Kemalits at her late residence, 4009
Twenty-flfth street, near Hoffman avenue,
until Sunday • morning, at 8:30 o'clock.
Friends and acquaintances are respectfully
Invited to Attend the funeral to-day (Sun-
day), afl o'clock; from the parlors of Mona-
han. O'Hara & Co., 2339-41 Mission street,
near Nineteenth, thence to St. Paul's 'Church
for services,. commencing at 1:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. A requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul on Monday, November 23, at 9 o'clock,
at St. Paul's Church, Twenty-ninth and
Church streets. ¦ Frlenda are- cordially in-
vited to f attend. . •
NEE— In 'this city, November 20, 1903, Mary,
beloved wife of the late John Nee, mother of
Thomas Nee and the late Mary and John
Nee, and niece of Mrs. J. Fitzpatrick, : a na-
: tlve ¦ of County Galway, Ireland, aged 39
years. (Oakland papers please copy.) . -
E^Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the ' funeral • to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
•"of the United Undertakers, 860 Mlsoion
street, between Fourth and Fifth, . thence to
St. Joseph's Church for seryices at 1 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ~ ';« . ._,-.;
NEWELL — In Narapa, Idaho, November 20.
1903, George Newell, brother of W. IJ. New-
ell of this city, a native nf Ban Francisco,
, aged 45 years and 7. months. . :/.
PATTERSON — In West * Berkeley, November
21. 1903. Lenna C, beloved wife of Frederick
' Patterson, dearly beloved .daughter of Mrs.
• Donoho and James ¦ McCormack.' and ulster
of Mrs. May. Duglass and Mrs. Jennie Ham-
mond. - ¦• \ ,: -'. ,
ICTIntennent at 8acramento. ;
RILEY-»-In this city. November 21, 1003, Mary
Edith, dearly beloved, daughter of Davld'and
"' Nellie Rlley, sister of Gertrude, ' Alice ' and
David Rlley, and granddaughter of Patrick
and the late Bridget McNamara,. a native of
Sari Frahciscb, aeed 8 year*' 6 months and
10 days. - ,
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited "to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Monday), - at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 20 Gilbert street. Interment
Holy CroBB Cemetery* '
ROWLEY— In this city, November 20, 1903,
Brainard X., beloved husband of Mary E.
howleyi and father of Howard Ci and R;
Lloyd Rowley, r a native of Philadelphia, :
aged B5 years 3 months and 9 days.
C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday)i at l!30 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of California Command-
try No. 1, K. Ti Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemeteryt by electrlo car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets.
BANDS — In Lorin, Berkeley, November 20,
1903, Lorensa, beloved wife of Olle Sands,
devoted mother of Mrs. Bertha Bund. Mrs.
Olivia White, Mrs. Laura Aune and Thomas,
Robert and Olle Sands Jr. and the late Mar-
tin Sands and Mr«. Josephine Bastrup," and
grandmother of Anchor and Henry Bastrup,
a native of Btavancer, Norway, aged 59
years 4 months and 4 days. . .
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at -'li30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1440 Irving street, Lorin station,
Berkeleyi Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery. 1
SCHAIBLE— In this city, November 21, 1903,
Albert Schalble, a native of Germany, aged
09 years. A member of Cooks' Helpers'
Union, Local No. 110.
SLISSMAN — In this city, November 21, 1903,
John M. Blissman, beloved father oj. George
I., Lewis and Elmer H. Sllssman, a native,
of li'rankfort- on-Main, Germany, aged 04
! years 11 months and 26 days.
SMITH— In this city, November 19, 1003, Ma-
bel , Hilma Johanna, 1 beloved daughter of
Charles F. and Cathrina Sophia Smith, and
elster of Mrs. Alice Wilson, Mra. Mamie
Burke and Dennis and' Helen Smith, a na-
tive of Ban Francisco, aged 12 years 0
months and 0 days. ; *
[QPFrlendB and acquaintances are respect-,
fully Invited to attend the funeral . to-day
(Sunday),* at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Craig. Cochran & Co., 429 Golden Gate
avenue, between Polk and Larkln streets.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery. Remains
will be at the family residence, 121 Drumm
street, until 12:30 p. m. Sunday.
STANLEY— At Fair Oak". November 20, 1903,
Dr. William H. Stanley, ( husband of Minnie
- B. Stanley, a native of North Carolina, In
his C2d year. V-
. E7" Funeral services at resldenoe at 2:30
o'clock to-day. Train loaves Third and
Townsend streeta at 1:30 o'clock.
BTREI— In thla city. November 21. 1903. at
the residence of her parents, 2517 Harrison
street, Alice Joeephine, .dearly beloved daugh-
ter of William E. and Alice J. Strel (nee
Cunningham), and sister of Vincent Strel, a
native of Ban Francisco, aged 8 months and
6 days. •
CTThe funeral will take place from her
late residence Tuesday, November 24. 1908.
at 10 o'clock. Interment private. Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland. >
YOUNG INDIES' INSTITUTE— The annual
requiem mass for deceased members of the
. Young Ladles' Institute will be celebrated at
9:80 o'clock Monday. November 23, In the
Church of the Most Holy. Redeemer, Eight-
eenth and Diamond streets. All members
said friends of .the order are invited to be
present ' MAY STEIN, Grand President.
JOSEPHINE T. MOLLOY, Grand Sec.
EAILWAY TEAVELw
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISGU ANJ NURTH PACIFIC
* : •> I BAXLWAT COMPANTT.
Tibnron rerxy, Foot of Market Street.
BAH rBANCISCO TO BAN BAPAE1..
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays^ — Extra trip
at 11*30 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:00. 0:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
5-00 6:20. 11:30 o. m.
SAN BAPAEli TC SAW FBAKCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05, 7:35, 7:S0. 8:20, 11:15
a. -m.: 12:50, 3:40, 5:00, 5:20 p." m.
¦ Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 0:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:55. 5:06. 6:25 p. m. ' -
. Leave j ' In Effect • -J - 'Arrive
San Francisco. | Sept. 27, 1903. |San FrancUco.
"Week I Sun- I Destlna- ' J Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tlon. . | daya. [ Days.
7:30 al 8:00 a ! 9:10 a 8:40 a
9:30 a Ignaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 3:30 p 6:08 p 6:20 p
5:l»p 5:00 p| ¦ 7:35 p
7.30a ~^ 9:10a 8:40a
6:00 a Novato. ' 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:05 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
. 5:00 p Banta Rosa. \
1 so a ~ '¦ •¦•-.•; 10:40 a 10:20a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
8:30 p 3:30 p ¦ • •
¦ Windsor, '
7:30a 8:00a Ilealdsburp, 10:40a 10:20a
Lytton,
3:30 p 3:30 p GeyservUle, 7:35 p 8:20 p
Cloverdale.
7-30at8:0Oa| Hopland 110:40 a!10:20 a'
a;30a| 3:30p| and.Uklah. |7:35pJ6:20p
7:30a|8:0Oa| . Willlta... | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30a| 8:00 a! - - • 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 pi 3:30 p[ GuernevlUe. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma, I »:10a| 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:00 pi Glen EHen. I 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:3Oa| 8:00 al : 7 ~~ - 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebastopol.- | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
BervlUe for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale . for
the Geysers. Boonevllle and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes,. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo,
Potter Valley." John Day's, Riverside. Llerly's,
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Orr*a
Hot Springs, Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendocino City, Fort Bra^g.
Westport. Ufal: at Willlts for Fort Bragg,
Westport, Sherwoofl, • Canto. . Covelln. Layton-
ville, ; Cummlngs, Bell's Springs, Harris. Ol-
een's. Dyer, Oarbervllle, Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka. S5«*5l"*»J|HO!nP"<a ' ¦¦ ¦ .
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates/SJW«»j*i**BSWW , - • •
'On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at halt rates.-
Ticket office, 630 Market street. Chronicle
building. ' • - .
. H. C. WHITING. ' K. X. RYAN. -
\ Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
B OALIFORNIA |
| LIMITED TO CHI0A8O g
R Leavtt Boadays and Thorsdny* »
g at 0:30 a. m., through la 8 days r 3
¦ with diner and all trappings. |
Other Santa Fe Trains :
2^ ** S" I * or Stockton. Fresno, Baksrsfleia,
8-00 p" m* ) Mcrced « Haaford ud Vi&alU. •
4.00 p. m. for Stockton. • '- * r -
8:00p.tn. for Kansas City, Gtaad Caayoaand
Chicago.
Ticskt Ofpic«: Ml Market St.. and F«rry
Dopot. 3. r. Also 11U Broadway, Oak-
land. Cat. . . .
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains l<tu»e anil »r« iliif to arrtre »t •
sAN FKANCISCO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
1.HTI — r»OM SOTHlIfA 1903. — A»»IT« '
7410a Vaeanile, Winter*. Itamaey 763»
7.00a Benlcta, SuUaa. Elmlra aott Sacra- •
meatb 7.25P
7J0a Vallejo. N*p«, CalHtoga. SanU •
llosa. .MarUnex, 8»a Ramon 8.25r
7-SOa Nile*. LlTennore. Tracy, Lathrop.
8tock:oo 7.2V
8.00a Bha«» Express— (VU Darta). ..;.".
William* (for Bartlett Sprlags). ¦
Willows. ?Frnto. lied Bluff.
Portland. Tacotna. Seattle 7.55*
8.00a Dan*. Woodland. Knight* Landing.
MarytTllle. OroTllle ' /•55»
8 30* Port Costs, Martinez. Antloch. ¦
Byron. Trscy. Stockton. New-
. man. Los ftsno*. Mendota.
Armonv lisa ford. VI sal la,
PorierTllle 4.2S»
8304 Port Costa. Martlnex. Tracy. Lath-
rop. Modesto. Merced. Fresno.
Ooshen Junction. Ilanford. 1^
VUalla. Bakerwfleld ...v. .".. «-55»
8-30* Nile*, 8i»n Jose, Llvermore. Stock- •"-.'sV'.
— V' ton, (fMlltun), lone, S»or»mento,
Placerrllle, Marysrllle. Chloo.
Rod Blalt .., 4-25»
8.30* OmkdHe. Chtnete, Jamestown. So-
Bom. Tnolnmne and Angels ....." 4 25p
8 00 a Atlantic Express— Ogdon *nd B*it. 11.25a
930* Richmond. Martinez and Way I
Station* B-55*
10 00* The OrerlAQd Limited — Ogdea.
Denrer. Omaha, Chicago. 825»
1000a Vallejo™ 122S*
10.00a Lot Angeles PMsenfrer — Port •
Costs, Martinez. Byron, Tracy,
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Fresno, Oosben Junc-
tion. II Anford. Leiaoore, Vlislla,
' Bakersfleld. Los Angeles 7.23^
12.00V Baywsrd. Nile* and Way Stations. 125F
ti-OOr Sacramento Hirer Steamers. tii-00*
3 30f Benlcla. Whiter*. Sacramento.
.Woodland. Knights Landing.
Maryivnie, OroTllle and way „
- stations ; : 10.55*
3^0? Haywsrd. Nile* and Way Buttons.. 7.65»
340p Port Costa. Martlnex. Uyron. >>;
i Tracy. Lathrop. Modesto. . .,
Merced, Fresno and -Way Sta-
•'¦-- •- '•'-- tlon « beyond Port Costa 12-25?
J.30* Martlnex, Tracy. Stockton. Lo<U... 10.25a
4.00f »I»rtlnex.S»nIUmon,V»lleJo.Xaps.
Csllstosa. 8nnt»Uos» ... 9 25«
4 OOr Ktles. Trscy. Stockton. Lodl 4.2&F
4.30? Hayward. Nlles. IrTlnjton. San I t8.55* ¦
Jos;, Lirermoro I til. 53*
6 OOr The Owl Limited— N'e* ram. Lo« : . .
- Banos. Mendota, Fresno. Tulare. .
Bakeritleld. Los Angeles 8.55a
• B.OOp Port Costs, Tracy. Stockton \22Sr
t63OP Hayward, Nlles and San Joae 7.25*.
8. 00e Hay ward. Nile* and San Joae. 9 &5a
6C0p Eastern Express— Ogden. Denrer. ' . ' ;
Omaha, St. Loals. Chicago and .
ICasC Port Costa, Benlcla, Sul-
. iun. Elmlra, Davis, Sacramento,
Rock tin. Auburn, Co I fax.
Trucker. Boca, Reno, Wads- .
worth, Wlnnemucca : 5-2Sr
8-OOr Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... I 7 K c.
7.00* Vallejo, Sunday only f '- Bar
7.00r Klchmond. fcaa Pablo. Port Costa,
Martlnex and Way Station* 11.25a
8-05p Oregon to California Expre«9— Sac-
ramente?, Maryarllle, ' Redding.
Portland. Pnget Sound and East. 8-55 a
9.1 Or Bayward. Nile* and Saa Jo*e (iun- .
<layonly) .11.65*
COAST LINE (-iarw.w tiasge).
(foot of Market Street.)
8.15* Newark, Centenrtnr. 8»n Jose. ™ :
Felton, Boalaer Creek, > Sa&U -. -
Cras and Way Station* 553r
t2-15P Newark, Centerrllle, San Jose,
New Almaden.Loa GatocFeiton. - ¦
Bonlder Creek. Santa Cruz and - -' ¦"• \ '
Principal Way Stations +13-55*
4-15P Newark. San Jose. LoiOato* and t »353 a
wayswtlon.i ...» t10 5aA
«930r Hnaiers Train. Saturday only. Saa
Jose and Way SUtlons. Return-
ing from Lo« Gato* Sunday only. X7 2S>_
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Frem SAN MAS. CISCO, foot of Market » L ( 311? J>
— fI»M •:(» 11:U0a.m. 1.00 300 5. 15 r.». '
from OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t6:U» »:M
ta:05 10:00 a.m. 1200 2.00 400 f.a. ' |
' COAST LINE (Brosd «»»«•). '
QT (Third and Towaaend Streeta.) • ¦
6-10* 6anJoieand Way Stations 6S0r
7 00a San Jo»e and Way SUtlons 6.3Sf
8.00a New Almaden (Tues.. Frld.. only). 4.10t>
8 CO* CoaatLlne Limited— Stop* only Saa . ¦
Joae. Gliroy (connection for Hol-
llster). Pajaro. CaatroTllle, 8»- ' ¦ .
1 ', * "• • Itnas, San Ardo.' Paso Ruble's,
* Banta Margarita, San Lula ObUpo,
Principal stations thence Surf
¦ (connection for Lompoc) prtneK - • <
:."'•"' pal itatlom thence Santo Bar> '
Sara and Los Angeles. Connec-
tion at CastroTlIla to and from
Monterey and Pacific Grove 13.4V >
t.COA San Jose, Tres Plnos, Capltolv , '-. :
SantaCruz,PaclaeGroTe,SalInaa,
San Luis ObUpo and Frlaclpsi
Way SUtlons ...-. .'..... '4.10*>.
10.30* Ean Joie sad Way SUtlons 1.20*
11 -30a Santa Clara, San Jo*e. Los Gmtos -
and Way SUtlons 7.30 *
130r San Jote and War SUtlons ....... S-44a
4.C0r PaclaoGrore Express — SanUCIarm.
San Jote, Del Monte. Monterey.
Padflc Orove (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Crux, Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauce Points) ;
st Gliroy for Bolllater. Tres
Plnos. at CastroTllle for Sallaa*. 12.T9P
3-30p Tres Plnos Way Psssenser... ...... 510.43a -
t4 4br Ban Joae, (rU SanUCIara) Los
eato*. and Principal Way Su-
, m 'jC „ tlon* (except Sunday) T9.Ua,
SB. 30? San Jote and Principal Way Stations |8.00a '
8-007 fiuiiMt Limited.-* Redwood, Saa
Jote, Gliroy ,SsUnss,Pato Robles,
Saa Lnit Oblspo, SanU Barbara, $«<?.'
Lot Angelea, Cemlnc, Kl Pa*o.
- ' New Orleana, New York. Coa-
aecU at Pajaro- for Santa Craj • '. "¦
and ' at Caatrorlll* for ¦ Paelflo
GroTS and Way Stations 7.10a
IS.Ior SanMateo,Bere*fora,B«lmoavSaa
Carlo*. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto ,HMa
8.30p Eaa Jots and Way SUUons. ..834a
11 .30* South San Francisco. HUlbra«. Bur-
Unzame. San Mateo, Belmons, ' -
Saa Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaka,
Menlo Park, aad Palo Alto 9.43*
all .30* May field. Mountain View, Sunny-
Tsle, Lawrence. SanU Clara aad
Ban Jote t845>
A tor Morning. P for Aftaraooo -
, J Sunday only. / ¦ .„ -.
5 8top» at all station* on Bandar.
rt Sunday exeepted. « Saturday snly.
Or* Only train* »toppto k at Valencia St tonthoot— 1
*ret:10*.M^7:00*Ji^ 11:80 *-J»^3:30f.M. and «:30rjt>
¦' - -— jo SAN RAFAEL.
ROSS VALLEY,, r
MILL VALLEY, .
CAZADERO, ETC:
via Sausalito "EeVW'
Suburban Service. Standard Cause Electric—
Impart from San Francisco Daily— T ; 00; 8 W>.
&:W. 10:0O, 11:©O a. m. 12j20. 1:43. Stl4 4:15.
K-15 8-15 1:00. 8:43, 10:20, 11:43 p. m. .
FBOmTaN RAJ?Afa.TO BAN FRANCISCO
-DauA5:25. 6:35. T:40. S:35, 9:33 U;05 a,
m.7^12:2O. 1:45. 2:56, 3:43, 4:43., &:»J. .«:43.
8: FROM 2 MliL?'VAIXET TO SAN FRAX-
CISca-DaUy-«:-«. 6:53. 7:32. S:55. 8U55.;
lvSoaTnE 12:33. 2:00. 3:13, 4:05. 3:05, 8:03,
7:05. 9:00. 10:35 p^ m. : . :;.% • -.'.
••«».» • THROUGH TRAINS. "
¦ 8 # 0O a m. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
5:15 p". m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.. • - •
3:15 p. m. Saturdays --Cusiiisro aad way sta-
tions- ¦ ¦
Sundays only — 10 a. m., Pitet Reyes and way
stations.
TICKET OFFICE — 628 Market st.
FERitY — Union Depot, foot of Market st.
IVIt. Tamaljpais Railway
Leave Tia Sioahto Fsrry Arrive
San Frandsco r»M «f lbrx*t St San Francisco ;
Week .Sun- ¦ arm . . .Sun- Week
I Days, days Jr^ijSySEK. days
! 5T109T»H:OOa 1»:»5pI014B|
1 i "1:45r 9:00a ifiHBsKaW !'•*** »:6»p
' 5:15p 1O:OOa 2:ti0r .'>:AO P
11:OOa TKSgSBr 4:30p 9:50p
•.. UM », l:43p 5:50? ...
• "Cwimt wita ttag* >r ' Kya aad fW*w Cutt
nCIK K 626 Makkkt ST..(North Shore RatlroadJ I
OTflOB } and Sausaijto Fsuiy. Foot Market S».
'iW.BBF.Ci 1 111 WarThe signal corps of the Second Brigade,
N. G. C, held its annual banquet at the
California Hotel last evening. Lieutenant
Rowell presided. Covers were spread for
forty.
Signal Corps Banquet.
OGDEN, Utah, Nov. 21.— Miss Atala
Wagener of Ventura, Cal., came to the
Alumni ball to-night in Ogden with an
equipage valued at no less than $200,000
and was the first passenger over the
Lucln cutoff. The young woman has
been employed in the office of the
superintendent of construction at Og
den, In charge of the . Ogden-Lucln
cutoff work and with headquarters at
the ' new town on the west .side of the
lake which bears the unclassical . name
of Hogrup. It had been planned by the
women of the camp that Miss Wagener
should take _*' the regular daily ,; train
from Lucin into Ogden around the
Special Dlcpatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N:
W., WASHINGTON, Nov. 21.—Secre
tary Cortelyou has received the report
of Navigation Commissioner Chamber
lain on the investigation into the charge
that the Sailors' - Home at San Fran
cisco is a crimping establishment. ~ The
testimony shows that the Sailors' Home
is in the main a well conducted sailors'
boarding house. • Its *. abandonment
would doubtless be detrimental to the
maritime population of that porL : iThe
officers of the charitable society . re
sponsible for its management seem to
have little acquaintance with the. laws
of the United ; States. ; Their interest is
in cleanliness and morality "of the home.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2L— The Re
publican and Democratic leaders of the
Senate were in conference much of the
time to-day over the question of fixing
a time for a vote on the Cuban reci
procity bill and so far as they were
empowered to do so entered into an
agreement to take the final vote on De
cember 16, or a little more than a week
after convening the regular session of
Congress. There was no opportunity
to consult some of the 'Democratic Sen
ators who desire to speak on the bill,
but it is not doubted that they will as
rent to the arrangement.
Very little progress was made during
fee day ln the effort to secure an agree
ment between the Senate and House
How a Stenographer
Kept Engagement
in Ogden.
Report on Establish
ment at San- Fran
cisco Is Filed. -\
Both Sides in the Sen
ate Agree to Vote
on December 16.
WILL NOT RUSH
THE CUBAN BILL
RICH SCION DIES
ON A DEBAUCH
Member of Vanderbilt
Family Pound Dead
in a Chair.
Special Dtepatch to The Call.
NETV YORK, Nov. 2L— William Vaa
derbilt Klssam,-a nephew of the late
Mrs. William H. Vanderbilt and cousin
of William Kissam Vanderbilt, waa
found dead this morning in a chair ln
' the sitting-room of the Planters* Hotel,
a cheap lodging-house in Newark. The
County Physician, after viewing the
body, said death was due to heart trou
ble occasioned by the excessive use of
alcohol and morphine.
Kissam in the company of Dr. Paul
D. Thome, who was formerly connect
ed with a liquor cure, visited many sa
loons during Friday and wound up at
the Hotel, , -where they con
tinned until both were helples*.
GOES TO BALL
IN SPECIAL CAR
SAILORS' HOME
WELL CONDUCTED
north end of the lake In the usual way,
but advices from the west brought the
unwelcome news that the train was
about six hours late and would arrive
in Ogd#n about the time that the
strains of "Home, Sweet Home," were
being played at the close of the great
society event. The young woman was
in despair and resigned herself to the
prospect of changing her. ball gown
again for workaday clothes and spend
ing the evening disconsolately In the
dreary construction camp. The chiv
alry of the railroad men was at stake.
It 1 was suddenly decided necessary to
send an engine and car over to Ogden
for repairs. Miss Wagener was invited
to occupy the coach ' and she rode
proudly Into Ogden an hour or so later,
the first passenger over the new cutoff
and in a special at that. -
Broderick Complied With Lav.
It was ascertained yesterday that
William Broderick, candidate for Aud
itor at the last election, complied with
the purity of election law by filing a
statement- of his campaign expenses
with the County Clerk on November
18 last!, Broderick's name appeared up
on the list of t those who had not filed
such statements with .the Registrar,
but the fact that he swore to his af
fidavit before the County Clerk relieves
him of any responsibility, in the prem
ises.
The Senate Committee on Foreign
Relations to-day had under considera
tion the treaty with Cuba embodying
the Platt resolutions and also the nat
uralization treaty with Haytl, but did
not take action on either of them. A
legal question was raised in connection
with the Cuban treaty and it was re
ferred to Senator Spooner for investi
gation. The Haytian agreement was
referred to Senator Lodge. - '
for a final adjournment - of the called
session before Thanksgiving and there
were no conferences between Senators
and members.
The Senators are quite hopeful that
an understanding to that effect will be
reached, but they say. that if it is not
they Intend to accomplish the same
purpose by taking several adjourn
ments for , three days at a time, the
maximum time which one house can
refrain from meeting without consent
of the other.
They should require strict ' compliance
with Federal laws relating: to seamen.
If necessary, to this end, the society
should, make the United States shipping
commissioner, and possibly, In view of
the largre amount of British shipping: in
port, British Consul General,, ex-offlcio
members of the committee having
charge of the home. The Investigation
has necessarily raised the larger ques
tion that Is directly presented whether
in view of all the facts, the institution
is now solely a sailors' home wlthinthe
meaning of the act of. August 11, 1876,
which will be submitted to Congress for
determination. The House Committee
on ' Commerce which reported pnVthe
government grxant toithe horhe : in 1876
said of the property: -'
"If at any time, it: shall be used for
any .'other than' a public : purpose It
shall ! revert back to and " become the
property of the United States."
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, NOYEMBEB 22, 1903.
It has been found that the Anopheles
mosquito, which is responsible for ma
laria, likes red and blue objects, but has
a pronounced aversion to yellow. This
Is considered a further argument in favor
of khaki uniforms in tropical regions.
48
\... TrAT ' TS> f 1 I HALE'S. j HALE'S. _^j HALE'S. 1 - HALE'S. \ TTAT<E 'fe _l! KALE'Sw '; y \J
Lets See What Hale's -Are Doing
Touch" the store any place. It responds. Dishes and linen and silverware are In bountiful variety. If it's some- almost overshadows the turkey. There are handkerchiefs, Christmas novelties in celluloid and leather; a chance to
thing for yourself for Thanksgiving, new neck piece, new hat, new pair of gloves, a new suit (zibelines $16.50, buy inexpensive rings; sofa pillows, too, and art linens. But it's the toys, dolls, books and games Santa Claus
think of that!) or new waist, see what we are doing. Just behind the turkey stands Santa Claus,. but in the store he wants you to see. He has fixed up the third floor like Fairyland. Come and catch the Christmas spirit
Wrlte t0 I^^ ne We The Infa -^' store irW IBpyEzzzf II Luckiest Handkerchief
and feel that you are goim? to Ret it the 49c for 75 C children s dresses. Kff , JL-.~i^ju[[ fc^jgsiSfcft/sTN . <Tzs« v .
same as if you came into the store. We p . mt . nmtr etvloc Cx&\ /uml JNSSu 1 1 I'M I Offerings in I nno* YVhiif*
take pains with our Mail Order business. Eox coats, new styles. Su/\M $Z*5^ UsMM r<^Dv JSPfes^ unenngs in uong wniie.
We aim to fill and ship every order the And some special 25c garments LllLuI T^l^ii in<^ at e luckiest time.
-bfi^In^^hr^^frie^n^Yt'f^ia^f — flannel skirts, pinning: blankets /^Wjf] WW^ '.,,,,-, .. ,. MSM- f&fiS When so many women are thinking of handkerchiefs and
and sacqucs. 1 g I£T &M m^ when the y Ieast ex P«* to find to™ "nderpriced.
? Still another opportunity ? This infants' sToT^ on the second fegHlPV' "* *»*' ' . K There are many thousands of pretty Swiss embroidered hand-
. • floor is a cozy retreat for mothers; an y- -*\ - .- —^ m **JrJ\ V kerchiefs. The factory experts tell us they lack a little. But for the
TI,I«S2rt5?.,«r SS5SSS!^^&^^ rapOS- 7 See the TOy FUrnitUre J . lifeofuswe^n-t see anything wrong with most of than. What you
I nailKSglving 490 cMidren'g oreuea are in piiin pink y rJ °)m'^ ' &>s^ci^. do see wrong you will forget about when you realize you are getting
" and blue Kineham; far.cy yoke n-lth Jtrapi ~-zJ£&£x w w , r . • , r 1 ii--.
And save money on some SL w^ Dl A I Se. tI JSJef fl Sih,Sr l £iid wl S Ha OnPli^ I In them for about a half what you would pay it they were perfect
things thj^^and cu^ p«n button.; .,«- 1. HC V^pCllS \J \J |^^ ; SlotS' 1 1C T^C IRr
5 Box Coat., new styles for little girls. 2 ff|l .- ¦ , |. <2g~*\ J-«ULO. l^V^, -£^V~, JUL.
Maybe some folks will buy (who LnaVa^?- m^^m'so .'SdlS'oo 1151 " 1 naV> ' / I 1 See h ° W mUch ° f lt there is ' how much more improved it is j» w^l The Swiss handkerchiefs, fixed up as only the Swiss know how to fix
hadn't thought they would) when Infants Cream' Coats, long or short, j MJLJ* and how much orettier than heretofore 1» -^r7S| them with hemstitching and embroidering. Some of the edges are scal-
! they see whit we are doing. liT^^V^up^s/^"^ n ° W i PrP^ \™ i " T IVu • neretOt0re (TZ>*\ loped, some of the edges. may be in leaves and apphqued ideas. They are
Hale's are ahvays ready to meet ase'ria^ei Skirt., long, in cream white tL. » -I hen look at the prices. V^ all interesting and especially now that Christmas is so near,
you more than half way flannel with cambric waist hands. ... In the 38c lot are some of lour own 50c and 65c linen handkerchiefs
S8 and So Dinner Sets for £i >eir U s e Think of white enameled drop-leaf tables at 25c, and bureaus, dressers, china closets, side- that have bccome a littlc soilcd and musscd -
$5 7O "^E? l S^^^iiSS: p t!SS^"SN 1x>ards, 25c and 50c, and each with gilt trimmings. This white enameled .idea is the whole thing this " ; — : : $
Fifty pieces in three pretty <3eco- imewnj. tack cuffs tlpped wlth " Uk ihe11 season. It gives a touch of daintiness to the inexpensive pieces they never had before. If they went TV* T*«*<«t'^ Gi o^i^ia1 XT^« t
o^VTs'^Hcr^nton^Sue s Sn§I r : — as quickly as they did last season when they were plain (two weeks " before Christmas they were all 1 O = L/ciy S rianiiei 1>CWS
border! anyone a'datetJ'fSiY'SjSy Trimmed Millinerv gone )' how much uicker the y wil1 SO this time, now that they are so much prettier and neater? Of c^^ + Ua ,.:.„»„ f~~Z^. n^i ofrtra
pattern: in natural colors and all a 1 I lllllHCU iTllllIHCI mnr^ \w an» hpttw tirfnaml hut snrli vaiiiM or. enr* t ft erir nn e«;«*^ ir \\T tl j rrOm the CltV S TOremOSt tlannel StOre.
high porcelain. You may have A n A nartimiariv nmv for ihnzp cours e are Detter preparea, Dut sucii values are sure to stir up spipted selling. We may have made ' . J 1 r\
your choice now of any one of them /\na panicuiarij HOW Ior,U105e , , priess this time as we HiH ]a*t veor VT 1. i. r a ¦ 1 r ,.- 1 £ 11 ' ' 1 . t
at 16.70. who want a new hat> who want j- t as Dacl a g" ess this time as u e did last year. No shortage of pretty flannels for particular folks ; no lack o!
Turkey Platters 53c. in the latest style and who want |j x Bu y early-you will be certain of getting what you want then. • values for thrifty folks.
sa^SSSf^wS the least money. White Enameled Furn iture <>*c and SOr
eelling from 60c to $1.25; all go in at "7 HHrW L^llCllll Wlvtl 1 Ul 1I1LU1 V Ji+%J\* CtllU O VfC' cloth as we know of. 15c yard. ,
one price to-morrow morning. 53^ The last census shows : Bureaus . - Commodes. Sideboards. China Closets Flannelette skirt length, flounced, Scotch flannels at 40c are the fa-
y 2 Doz.. Water Iumblers 28c. 2 00 hats at $4.75. Drop-leaf Tables. Dressers. Chiffoniers. 39<=. Other skirt lengths, 2%, yards to vorites for waists and men's shirts.
ish T e™le\T"iaif and' SL^tMil 17" hats at $7 OO u a all full-fledged pieces-made just the same in every way as larger pieces. Even this 25c side- the pie "' 2 / c «5f: . . l y ard w J!j c ! daint y stripe patterns.
ilL some of them tre thtfSfn bSSn ! .J 7 ' 00 ' has high shelf, mirror and linen chest as well as drawers. Also gilt trimmings, which of itself is a new 75C Oxford WaiStings at 58c. IOC Outing Flannel at 8c.
kind. All very unusual at this price. 210 liatS at leature. , . . Wool cloth ln solid colors, as well as Heavy fleecy every day cloth, ln atrip*
rsc for hi dozen. A d . f f fc olentv of . But lets go on up the line at these bureaus, dressers/ chiffoniers, sideboards, china closets, getting larger m j£t y M f »? c £JI oven^ eas: reds *. p1^ 3 ' and check patterns. Not many of a kind.
Stem Glasses at IOC. black ones; not one of th^meneap oV ?f e d Sfl" 1 ? 0^ S CVCry S e^ S^ C ° f ,, them £™ two c ° ats °? cnan^ cl . instead of one, some Sf the S m hfve IW^IS t^^eV^nefsThl^all^d 8 ° T^/V^lV^Z* U n
corciai Glasses. sherry Glares. common. It's a beautiful line of hat«; trimmings, most all of them have the flower decorations inpink and blue. Very substantial pieces. one you wouldn't expect to find under- I2J6C onaker rlannel at 9c.
Port Glasses. Claret Glasses. fn ei imv af ,t,: c «•-,,,-„„ n c f u a : "~* T .,,. TT , , _ _ _ . priced. But we snapped up a little of It Cream flannel. 36 in. wide, used a ereat
sweet Trine Giwsea. J° snow at ? n . is season ot the year. Little Housekeepers Outfit. • Doll Hiirh Chairs O^C wlth reservoir attached. One the little at a bargain. It certainly won't stay deal for gowns and underwear, a« well
They're thin blown, lead finished Uur own milliners are making new Only a kitchen table to look at u nn* one can have a fire ln, do her own cook- long on the counter at this price. 58c I as for children.
one*; best quality, such as sell usu- ones all the time, and they are sell- vet li« the cover and there you will fiSd w In reed ' wlth upholstered seats and ***> - There are pots kettles, that are
aily at $1.60 and $1.80 a dozen. All ing all the time. We haven't an old all the housekeepers Utensils? poT" pans k ; H They're . strong. We have never needed, too. All for $1.00. .
sss^iVassr- with daInty thln »»**-<iown h* to .h OW yo^ ; » TheDoiis. . if^ 7 _^ c««+« c\**++~
one in the salon over $10— though , A 1 plete, even to the canopy: also mattress Jointed doll, with molded body, papier j?V t<T/AV »\V T3 L^lrlliS yf 3^^^^^.
Table Liners fome' of them look as if they are Laiindrv Set S. and covers. 48c. 80c and $1.25. mache, fine quality bisque head, moving C/UlllrU WAM.M4J y^fe^C- «&
1UUIC LIlICIl^ Lnrth *->n Put un the «?amo « th«. ntti o v, n Brass beds, real wire mattresses, brass eyes, natural hair wig, long curls. It's V<3^v j\. S~* w -w -r • a * /^^S^K^v^k
The pattern cloth, ar* preferred now. WOrth$20. ke-DPrs' o utnt- In ihi, f J{,ir» h^ USe " and head, regular bed casters. Some- a wig that you can comb and curl and \/^ KS^ / rAtti^cWUli P^r^^L^V^
Pr, rlv '^ on : » n l <31vi(J "f I style not to be In this case of $10 ones are some cl o "the«f bisklt tin w,,i, if.n' •/>,>, f thln ° new thls season. We have had Play with like your own hair; shoes and 1 \^ WUlllwS W I L fl Wf& — -^V<iM
%UVrr?^ y £ e^^e£Sl n ° m ™ beautiful fur hats, mink or ermine, w?fff%^5 e^Srt^ c^pTSffiaTl &* Tnfbett SSf^^O ' A^rtiTK^llWeiiSTSp LT^ffnT. JK^jf £ ,!j n 1.7, JlV Itt *"lfi9
Hemttitched Lamask Cloths, all lines. with velvet flowers. Also large black laundry. $1.00. Of course, there are show^n to-dav in the bed line $3 00 A doll that readily sells for \ --S77S ffl\ /^\^TSmra^r^n^f^TK\ ?}?7. /VsS
Sf h s1; ! halS With l0n^- keeping Ostrich °ther laundry sets as low as 25c and 45c! ?ho,n today in the bed line. "Another Jointed doll, molded body, tine ( ' M& W\S « f M» llWllV* W^N*V
iorb. ?3. : y plumes. bpnijht Pianos. Doll Cozy Corner, papier mache. jointed wrists, arms. I \J wnritl JlSl'fiLfollJ !k)m 1$ Ih^/J i \St3
*?!£*&?•?££ &:4'S A aKnr m X e X^w^Ip? 9 flnepIUnies ' thJi^re'S 1 ' 72*, "^ S ° mC ° f One of the »™ noyeUies; draped in JasTsS T beautiful wf^aubu^n ) [\ VWfWI5W^k ' i 'M
$2.1873 ,-ard. ionr. 'WLSO. ' Hyard "' |4 »J » ™~ ""^ ~^e ~h.n 5» of handmade Le™ X' h n« Tlfov tn™ T/,? thM ? r f lsh COlorS ' trlmmed wlth and Sha ? e h f'[- ' 1 - 75 ' a' doll that we ( A\ NSNkSM • i \ M -
Tou can have Xapkln* to match them. IS hat.. In the new favorite Thapes- many TttSL and InSS "VlnTJh£ S? ¦ t 5 e *»? ew b ?" le ax - They're finished even to the don't think can be duplicated in the city aA J\ \ TT* "^^» ifcjTrtY) */)ffif/i
lnche. square. J1.6O a doren. black one« as well as colors euchai brotn wf « nanSfi *, ». Om oc° f them P lllows and cushion seat. $1.25, $1.90 under $3.00. * fe) toVV f-fiC T3 *•«<«*>•£? YlNlI . / (' I Ml
Bordered cloths, of fine Scotch Damasks. purple and new blue. h ?« e a ca ndelabra attached. 25c up to and $2.85. T^ T c . 11 IS IX I Tl %J \ A» ( / f/ J ifl'
ln patterns not seen elsewhere and which . ' 10 - , Iron ranges as low as 25c, 45c. 75c and 1 OV 1 ea betS. M. M. M.AJ 1V111 A V * V'
we haven't shown before; three lengths; Here S one. particularly, with 18 keys $1.00 and as hieh as $6 50 It's this one Close to 100 «Urri»r»nt «f v i o « i-« n »i nn . « »T^
kg g$&v0g$i Men! Read Th . s as^^^^-gajaTSLfl h^^^i^BB aS-H^F^^'^i Thousands |g sty]es; -^ n or |g Sets; | menj woraen
If you are looking for something # • or children; pretty showy worth}'
-¦si^u^lp And wives W ho , rant to get some- Christmas Prize Money for Children Those 'vxa^uJu <*£&>, 5oo, 75c and $1.00. !
in A =^y u "«t7S.ue™ h ' " '"' " We: g _ mst * Ms - $125.00 IS BEING DISTRIBUTED TO 25 DIFFERENT CHILDREN who send us the best pic- £' «•"" ">.n> risin s ! he «^« •»<! **™t y one may have for even *sc or 50c.
Samuk »apkia», $1.78 a doten. 22 t s : t - nrw „„]..:.? tures of Santa Clan*; Snm*» rliiiri <r«»fc Cf ™-* A*, r T7o^t, A~*,>* K«*«u : ' -j j 1 Here are children's rings, plain band, some with sets, 25c.
" t iZ are 1 -fSv lnea ' Wlth * a8t A dres? shirt' -ru u j ¦ , g ?5 y V ' Y batCh ' 1S COnS1 ( dered Separately. And large band rings for women, oniy 50c
• '— «L_Ll y - A pair of SU sp Cn d e rs? ¦ , Se ° send P lctures to-day , may send some to-morrow and the next day and the next day. We An <* single set rings, opals, turquoises, amethysts and garnets, 25c.
Kitchen Things May be a housecoat? don't care who draws or how many they draw or how often they draw, provided of course they com- Two and thrce sct rings in a variet y of settings, 50c
For Thanksgiving- Or handkerchiefs or underwear? ply with the conditions we print " ' T=*=? i~Any child of school a*e mw take Mind you ' thcy are not rinRS to be ashamcd oi cither - They do not betray
Double roasters 25c- worth 39c. And m handkerchiefs we are cer- here. Santa Claus wants to see > — — * ' --— — *^ — 7. » art - themselves. They keep their brightness and beauty and charm for two or three
Puddinr pans. 4c; 2. 3 and 4 qt. size; tamly giving cards and spades. Here what the children think of him. /Skvnk QRlvlC. a TP»"C-"-E FPOM hA L LS./ \ lag t mu »tj *• orijrtnai, not years. The people who make them guarantee every one. They stand ready to
PJ|W mo id, 29c: tube. % Linen Handkerchiefs xoc. g^gSS {—^ 7==^ t] « -. W^M^^MW^^ M box after box of
8 ' 10C: BtCel th^ATtaniSSSfflfwiS^aS %^& Iffflt ££"
Sheet iron ovens $1.26: 12 In. square. hems. Also^- ' B1ZM ' W " h % InCh ting so many he has had to find >0& K&L V I it i^S ** 5-Wlth the drawing must be printed tXi here are SOme nnRS at S 1 * 0 that have T^ *Ones, opals, amethysts,
bladV.? - 8 r<i,5"te^L* handleS: 35C Suspenders 2OC. an artist to help him decide. >gr7 i^> V^V. Fk \ i&^sgS"' g turquoises garnets and ? in K le sets."
All copper fakettie?.. T9c; regular r>f ~™a f , ., ,_ Mane Louise Rimes is helping .%£ i?& \rr\&3tT~r Uf^-Z "Hale's." ana To make the occasion even more tempting and more convincing the fac-
Prtce. $1.25; , No. 7 size, seamless. et ?les hlVkid n f n rtl. a8 r«t^^ ln^ new him now. She is in the com- f XK KS> ' " AlA *-The name. aadre« and a*e of the tory gives us
" Tatirs^erware ¦ '^i^^mS W^^^ <*tit ''**** W\ m \ h An Expert Demonstrator This Week -,
v 1 ? r ?• Heavv I „„ 3 . here in San Francisco. He WUK f. . __^ t—J RB 7-Maii them to Santa aau». Hale*. To show you why the-nnes can be so cheap and yet be so serviceable. If you
No lack of pretty things here. co^ d y 8^£| r rTbilS 'skfrl^c^ 0 ! 1^ lcaves the arti stic merit to her Ii**uW I a^«^ r^"l T I P ? U^ or ¦ brine them to the .t^T^d want a ring or two for yourself or your little girl, will you take advantage of
d ™^ Ur V,f J- hey arC^ hcrC the^ p^ re ," "5?^ 1 fVai Prize Picture to-Dav > •' H Dg l I 1- 111 hts Ietter *« &t «» this opportunity this week? Or if you have some rings which you <toa'?2£ to
5«1 f«tJ;« 1, *k S °° d Monday "V^""- F< "- the first time u b ; "dva fr^xke S Y5T six / -^ • E^ / Send ln *™ "ea even if you ex P° Se a " the t«ne # you may get some duplicates to wear off and on. You have
deal to know when you are buying Monday. 90c. u by^dna fbanke : of \vn six- / , ¦¦ „ ., — SS ¦ ; \ 1 1 can't draw very wen. The idea no idea how much imitation jewelry is being worn to-day. >It's such perfect imi-
silverware. I avenue> clty> ] yeara 2ll : count< » «¦ »«ch as the drawing tation that you could not tell it from the real jewelry.
WMMMm s 3000 Mercerized Waists % x*^ Im c urta in S .
Scotch suitings stand first and of — (* a ¥ t /^*I • C\ 4- TPt— • ivr « They reduce the abdomen.
them all this cloth at $1.00. It's the V O w is tii/tim* tn oa am WOUie lO US IOr ClOSin&T Ullt I MIS Week And do it .in a healthy way-not with Some 1904 Styles shown this
Satest addition to the Scotch familv e , ttiem « rr, r , ¦ ° . straps and squeezing, but by distributinj? „,,. A ,
mixtures are simple but effective Now is the time to buy. l he present pretty styles of vestmgs, oxfords and cheviots. Plenty white ones and rich cream- the surplus flesh, which does away with eeK - . A nd no more expensive
striking; 54 inches wide. Others at Automobile smoking sets in the widest colored ones; and black and white; and white ones with raised figures. any unsl^ htl y znd uncomfortable bulg- than the old styles.
$1.50 and $1.75. variety possible. $1.50 up to $6 00 • ' " ln S- '_' '
liS^^^^^i?^^" coirr e an P d^ a uffX S xtsVrTun a d 8 or^uare The factory men said they would rather lose a. little money than 4o lose any time getting to Miss Bevier, Gorsetiere,; . f-'J ' ?jp
,tion this week, among which are Eton all new ideas $1.00 to $5.00. •' work nn , nr : nfy ' . J f- : S CLUn S lo Is here t0 explain ?*-¦- point and give We do this for housekeepers who
S^toSS^Wri^ Wh ! P " man^unfqu^sty^^c 1?** 9 '' ? ? . | y0U * l^ t0 £"™p* '«;. ff Oi to fix up at home during holiday
Sc Ev^^™^'^ 75C ' 95C ' 2 '' $I '5°' HI 9S . $3-5o, $375, $3-95, $475- ] t?^£&& «— -J^ «^ &JfljjJ
smungs 30c : regular 5OC $,.00. And at every pr i ce _there are probably fifteen different styles, . and in a good run of sizes. ?dg,$gg: TprSg for tO Wt i
And Black Fabrics. Music Sale Mondav Where ther e are a few sizes they are in 34's, 36's and 38's. Imagine the variety and then to think Gold Clocks ' 1B0 v**-**™ "*^ p»«ern.. *» scotch
And some good values this week, 18c Copy that not one of them is hurt or marked or inferior in any way. r . $1.25 to $30.00 Z^iJ^^S^S^^SS
iS^lp^cb^o't, $1 vain, at 75c ii25 "£^,7?^ th * K er ri a w.." Regular stocks don't offersuch a choosing nor is the beauty in them any more pronounced " Within that range are many covet- $*« pair-io elected pattern*. P ui n center.
8 & at •>, ¦ ::^lrS. kT "" ie8 " than c in th f 1 WC afe fortunate e »P u^ h to P ut to-morrow underpriced. «d cl ock styles. c^^ t^^ Sa-fafaSSf w^S! : Not "
cra^te Ooth. sse vaiu, at me «&&£a225to.~ Schotti.che. f °™ °J f * e « are the identical waists that were selling elsewhere yesterday at $6.oo. J ' f or the parlor, d& ng-room or bed- Arabian curtain, tn th. popular •«* .nad^.
Q n •' ' r Some of the $2.95 ones are the same we had a while ago for $5.00. ' Y rnnm v * llwl ' u ""»8 » uuw wr u « u new .tyie.. $a.w. $4.50. $3.80. $9.00 and $7.00
Ma 1^^^^^^ ' 5 OnCS "* StylCS that WC S ° M Carlier in thc season at and then were the cheap- *jW7 '
Near Sixth ' J^WtMLA^^S^^^» A1^ thC ° l^ r ] ° ts f "« cq^ ally ""Phonal; all the waists fixed up in the prettiest ways, with tucks and pleats; &S> /£/ t>,«. [L •* - L
I ear sixtn, jffl J&J&*^ 4 W& Qg^ «agg$& some pleated backs, others French backs;all with fancy stocks, some with tabs, others with ties 7^Sr7M Jz33& M^ (S^ «^^^ erl^s for M pario? S^
San Francisco. 4^ te SMaE^ some of them have those black buttons in front, all of them have new sleeves. # M pg^^^^^ 1 i»Sm or litw »•
i O ~^^*<H*> 0000^^ There are more of some than there are of others/ so it's well to be among the firstcomers if you Jffl Z^^SSETmodS^^ tT-&ft£FS3?$& " '
, • . . . • -_ . -• ¦ , would not be disappointed. \. , W*i>M -r- tagg4 ji.25 each.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
SEE THE PHOTOGRAPHS.
N STBANQE LIFE
AMONG THE CLITF
BERKELEY PROFESSOR'S