Distinguished Soldiers Speak in Braise of the Impressive Pageant
(~*eneral John C. Black — / have nrcer seen a better
parade than this one. It lias exceeded my expecta
tions in every respect. The large number of men zvho
came thousands of miles to attend the encampment
Jiave been well tewarded by the heartfelt welcome
they have received. San Francisco is to be congratu-
FLOWER OF REPUBLICS CHIVALRY PARADES THROUGH STREETS
BENEATH BATTLE-FLAGS TORN BY SHOT AND SHELL, RECEIVING
WHIRLWIND OF APPLAUSE FROM VAST CONCOURSE OF CITIZENS
consln and Iowa— from, the workshops and
fields "of . the Middle ;West-»caine • the com
mon people that ; Lincoln" gloved. V-The old
men -that -filled the [ ; City's streets, yester
day .were youths when the great Abraham
wrought his' immortir deeds^-and) the old
men of /yesterday's : procession ;!were the
very boys ¦ that. answered Lincoln's call."
Sturdy j and patriotic . boys .were they in
the days of war— and they are patriotic
old inen now, old and ; onJy waiting . until
the shadows are a little longer grown.'
FESTERDAY was a festival of
memory, for the great proces-.
sion of old soldiers recalled' the
stormy • yesterdays .. of • their
lives, when j they ' heard their
country's call I and j went ;forth
to do or die that the flag of the Union
might not be taken from the* sky. |
Men of Iron from Chapyltepec stood side
by side with heroes of the Civil War.'and
the great types of history— the living he
roes of Vicksburg and Antletam— none
Thrilling Sights Are Seen
as Heroes of Ciml
War march.
. - ¦¦ . . ¦ . , . .
MARCHING VETERANS .WHOSD PRESENCE ON CITY'S STREETS
AWAKENED INTENSE ENTHUSIASM AND .WHO, WERE GREETED
ALONG THE LINE BY- ROUND AFTER ROUND OF CHEERS. \/'-...-
successes,- was suggested by his • dlscoy;
ery some time since. that the unfertilized
eggs of a sea urchin could be- developed
by the simple ¦ extraction of water ' from
vividly and were constantly reminded of
them during the passing of the veterans
yesterday. It was a grand sight and was
worth traveling hundreds of miles to see.
Two hours and a half were consumed la
passing a given point. No one seemed to
take notice of the time, as all mind*
were filled with a moving picture of a
truly remarkable procession. No acci
dents were recorded, thanks to the watch
fulness of the Police Department. Vet
erans fell out of line at intervals before
the reviewing stand was reached, but
there were so many in line that the few
departures were not ¦ missed.
Flowers were showered on the com
rades from every side. Roses strewed
This is the boldest statement that Dr.
Loeb has ever made since his discoveries
elevated him to fame. He has been rep
resented as Eolvlng the problem of life
and peopling the world with artificially
made animals and soiling the race sui
cide question, but these he 'never
dreamed possible. His latest discovery,
however, has put science one step nearer
the solution of that greatest of all prob
lems, the mystery of life.
Dr. Loeb's last investigation, with . its
From these experiments Dr. Loeb
makes the deduction that if science ever
acquires positive evidence making for
the solution of the secret of abiogenesls,
that is. the fertilization of the eggs of
au!ma!s where the sexes are separate, it
will be through artificial parthenogene
sis.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
21iS Center Street, Aug. 13.
Professor Jacques Loeb, the German bi
ologist, whose scientific discoveries have
attracted the attention of the world, be
lieves he has hit upon the path that will
lead to the solution of the problem of
the chemical fertilisation of the ova in
all animals so that life will epring from
them. In a series of experiments that he
has Just completed at the University of
California Dr. Loeb succeeded in demon
strating that the eggs of animals con
taining both sexes can be fertilized and
developed into animals through physical
and chemical agencies, technically, arti
ficial parthenogenesis.
Chemical Agencies
the Hope of
Science.
WIZARD LOEB
PROBES INTO
LIFE SECRETS
Continued on Page • 4, . Column ¦ 7.
Continued on Page 2, Column 8.
less illustrious; than" these, . made' for; the
people a holiday, a carnival of old memo
ries. From i-Newy York. and - tlie/fSouth,
from the ] great \ cities ; of ' the East, r came
the heroes of the 'parade. >' ': - ":'".':?'.*' 'J'*,.*.
-From "Indiana* and Illinois, from Wis
¦ .The processlonvwas »,llying,picjture.}The
spirit ot- 'Amer^ca^s^immortaJ^iilpalBt^arbse
from the^ silence* of "^a : \ygenenitlon'^'as*' !
Burned ;visible 1i f dfhi.f andtmarched 'through
taeTstreeta*- to- the'Sttrrinjj 'muBic* fof'many
, The surviving; heroes were V cheered 'by
those that ; were their contemporaries 'and
cheered by* their ' Juniors/' by the v genera-'
tion that has come, on .the; stage^ sincel the
sixties. ¦ The'observers did not forget that
the 'first marches ?Vof- those 3 they ¦.looked
upon under.1 yesterday; s •¦ benign ¦ August
sky were the marches that made history—
and.', the; object jle'sspn'ywast a £ panorama.
And over jail -came ;• the; : thought" that
was but ¦ a" remnant:that r pasaed J in; review;
only Ja f remnantVof -that! Grand ?Army ?.of
the ' Republic, th"at* is * fast > vanishing j from
the! field ; of }lUi'.% k ' : : - ,";V ' • . '-i^-S't " " !
t...r J-, ¦¦ ¦• 1
e JJllnd, the crippled— meir of
Shfloh^and "the Wlldeiness^-ttiese "we're" in
'the '• procession— the : past* Invoked, men
.whose • glory .? can never fade., trudging
their -,way; through the streets, their. eyes
kindling, ~ r their ' steps* tottering and their
hearts ; bounding at ' the sound of ' music,
thesight of faces, and the spirit of com
radeship- that : "will .soon' unite ; them no
more \ forever,- In '. the i land ; they made iree." .
- The'/ residents of , San : Francisco ;' proved
to • the world yesterday^ that they : possess
theUrue spirit 'of \ patriotism. With wav
ing* flags and ' handkerchiefs, • with >6lces
lifted *in ; on« great '.greeting, the' old '• bo\
'diers;were • made -, to • feel -.that ; their > deeds
havernot-beehi forgotten; that their sacri
fices were I appreciated^ and that all ¦ honor'
la due" them.T^0Wj^SSj^^^>^S|^j^^fi^
: .t No 'comparison can be made between 'the
two parades the people have seen in the
last" forty-height' hours." The r one' held on
Tuesday ; morning was in the nature of
a. military. pageant, whereas yesterday's
parade was a grand review of the heroes
of the war of secession. ¦ The veterans
marched 12,000 strong. . They passed be
tween long: lanes of, people, with heads
erect and bared to. enthusiastic greetings
and with 'contentment'; in -their hearts.
, It is a difficult task to picture the scenes
on the streets of San Francisco yesterday.
Once seen they can never.be efface^ from
the memory of those who witnes^d them.
Seventeen years ago the veterans marched
through the streets of this ; city in an
other encampnientl '•- They, marched with a
firmer. tread and in. larger numbers.' Those
who ' remember those scenes. recall them
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, AUGUST 20, 1903.
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 81.
Qommander-in-Chief General Stewart- I never ex
' pected to see such a big parade as this one. ;It has
exceeded all calculations. Words fail to express: my
thanks} to the people for the welcome [accorded the vet
erans. I must thank Commander Cook of%Penycr for
the splendid music furnished by the Zouave band at the
revirjuing stand. •' \ : .
f^eneral Nelson A. Miles—The parade was a very
, fine one. \ ~: With the glorious weather, the grand
hospitality of the people of California and the perfect
police arrangements it is one of the finest parades I
Ivxve lever witnessed. -New York can learn a lesson
from San Francisco as to the liandling of large crowds.
The San Francisco CallEX-COMMANDEB MARCHES.
At the head of the procession marefced
Colonel Thomas G. Lawlor. past com
mander in chief- of the Grand Army "of
the Republic. He led hla post. Post No
I. Rockford. 111. Illinois was in the van
guard of the parade,, because of its ae
niority. It-is the first State that onr.in
lzed;under the rules of the - National Vs
sedation.' The veterans from that State
kept time to "Marching Through Geor
gia." "When Johnny Comes Marcninsr
Home," "Just Before the Battle, Mother ••
and other war time meJodleg. -The colors
were guarded by veterans armed with
rifles. Every veteran was attired In the
now familiar uniform worn by members
of " the -organization and on their coats
were, phined the badges of their organiza
tion and army corps. y . '
.When Commander ln^Chief GennraT
ed a. great deal of attention, but did not
pause to hear the plaudits of those on the
sidewalk, as .he was a busy: soldier.
General Wagner, past commander of the
Grand Army^of the Republic, rode in a
carriage. He was attended by other
prominent members of the organization
The Department of Illinois turned out
nearly 1000 veterans. Thfy were headed
by the Firs't Regiment band of the Na
tional Guard of California.
The parade wedde'd: its way down Geary
street . .tb"..Kearny, - out that thorough f<Vra
O'Dea, his aid, rode before : the oncoming
thousands in order to see that their path-,
way was not impeded. The Chief was de
lighted with the order that "was 'main
tained^, by his. men.
• Behind the Chief of Police came two
platoons of Park policemen mounted on
bay horses. The mounted squad made a
fine appearance in .their, natty .uniforms
and the manner in which they bestrode
their horses. -In their wake came General
Edward" S. Salomon, grand marshal of
the parade, . attended by his staff. "Wil
liam J. Ruddlck was chief, of staff; Wil
liam E.Lutz, adjutant general: Sol Cahen,
quartermaster . general, and J. ' P.- Shine,
chief aid.. Then, came General George
Stone and staff.
/The- Seventh Presidio Infantry Band
ledU, 1 the members of George H. Thomas
Post oh' the 'march. There were nearly
three hundred in line and- they, made ,a
handsome appearance. . The comrades
marched r company .front; and' in perfect
alignment. Kach ¦ veteran carried •-, a , silk
flag, whichiwas topped off. by a. white, silk
ribbon bearing the name of the .organlza
lloir/VThe colors were guarded by a squad
dt Ve^rans j armed, w^itli'.thepld Spring-;
fleld^rMe.; •'•>,»•; • V.. ?.¦>;•- r ;-\~U- -¦':¦;, i-.'-is
Men Who Gallantly Fought on Scores x_ of Battlefields
Present Spectacle of Heart Interest.
;INBPIRINO SCENES AND^ INCIDENTS THAT WERE WITNESSED YESTERDAY . BY MANY THOUSANDS OF
• THE NATION'S CITIZENS, BEFORE WHOM THE HONORED VETERANS .OF THE GRAND ARMY OF THE
REPUBLIC, WITH TATTERED BATTL.EFXAGS PEACEFULLY FURLED.VaSSED IN REVIEW.
PROGRAMME FOR TO DAY IS
MOST IMPORTANT OF WEEK
9:30 a. m. — Opening session of the Thirty-Seventh Encampment of the
Grand Army of the Republic, Grand Opera House.,* C
9:30 a. m. — Opening session of convention of Woman's Relief Corps,
Golden Gate Hall, 625 Sutter street ' '
10 a.m. — Opening session of convention of Ladies of the G. A. R.,
* Union-square Hall, 42": Post street.
zo a. m. — Excursions to Vallcjo and Mare Island Navy-yard. Special
railroad excursions to Monterey, Del Monte and Pacific Grove.
a p. m. — Second session of Encampment of the Grand Army at Grand
Opera House. . ; ' . -.
a p. m. to 5 p. m. — Reception at Mark Hopkins Institute of Art, un
der auspices of the press committee of encampment. ,'>¦
8 p. m. — Naval Veterans' reunion and dog watch, Austrian Hall, 507
Sutter street.
8 p. m. — Fife and drum prize contest at Armory, 815 Ellis street,
under auspices of National Association of Civil War Musicians.
8 p. m. — Reception to commander in chief by Ladies of the G. A. R.
and to all comrades, Union-square Hall, 421 Post street. -^
8 p. m. — W. R. C, Department of. Massachusetts, reception, Golden
Gate Hall, 625 Sutter street. "'
8 p. m. — Illuminations of streets and triumphal arches.- -
OMAHA, Neb., Aug. 19.— In the singles
in the Middle West tennis championship
tournament at the Omaha- Field Club to
day the two Lincoln players, Raymond
and Fallor, went down In the third round
before Hunt, the California champion,
and Fred Eberhardt of Sallna, Kans. The
first Hunt-Raymond match was a fast
one and showed the Californlan at his
best, the points being 24-4. r-
California Tennis Flayer Defeats a
Nebraska Champion in Mid
dle West Tournament.
HUNT AND EBEHHAEDT
WINNERS IN SINGLES
At the G. A. R. Headquarters.
19 New Montgomery St., can be had the
official badge, 25c each; ten, it: by mail,
30c each. * •
Twelfth Corps headquarters flag carried In
the Army of the Potomac untU after Gettys
burg, and then with Sherman's army in tha
West
First Pennsylvania Cavah-y and Eighth Penn
sylvania Cavalry. These regiments partici
pated with these yellow standards la all th«
cavalry action* of the Cavalry Corp*. Army of
the Potomac, under Generals Stoneman, Gregg
and Sheridan. J
Twenty-third. Stxty-flrst. KlRthy-seconr!. Nine
ty-fifth. Ninety-eighth. One Hundred am! Sec
ond and One Hundred and Nineteenth Pennsyl
vania infantry were part of the Sixth Corps,
tha b*»ya that wore the Greek cross participat
ing In all the actions of that corps, whteh was
commanded by Generals Sodrwlcta and Wrsnt.
Army of the Potomac, and Sheridan in 1S64 m
the Shenandoah Valley : , .
Twenty-ninth. Forty-sixth. Seventy-tniM
and One Hundred and Ninth Pennsylvania in
fantry carried these standards In the Army or
the Potomac until after Gettysburg an then
with Sherman, down to the sea.
On« Hundred and Twenty-seventh Pennsyl
vania Infantry was In the Second Division. Sec.
Following is a short history of the bat
tle-scarred standards: -:
Fifth Corps headquarters flajr. Third Divi
sion, made famous by the- services of the Penn.
•ylvanla Reserves. Army of the Potomac. This
is the Pennsylvania Reserve headquarters flag,
representing the Fifth Corps, and this* was car
ried in the parade by Comrade Owea Jones.
Sixth Corps headquarters flag 1 .- Third Brigade.
Secon4 Division part of the galaxy of fighters
In the Army of the Potomac.
HISTOBY.OF FLAGS.
Stewart arrived at the reviewing stand
on Van Ness avenue he found that Gen
eral Nelson A. Miles bad preceded him.
General Stewart gave General Miles a
cordial greeting and told him to consider
that he was an honored guest.
When General John C. Black marched
past Che reviewing stand with the Illinois
Department the commander in chief left
the platform and hurried along the ave
nue and overtook General Black. He
took his comrade by the arm and escorted
him .back to the reviewing stand amid
thundering applause.
In line was George H. Thomas Post No.
5 of Chicago, fifty-four marching, and
after them came sixty-four members of
Ulysses S. Grant Post No. 28 of Chicago.
There were veterans from Pike County,
Springfield and Quincy, 111. Some marched
arm in arm, some carried umbrellas at a
carry, some were weighted down with
years and carried heavy canes to help
them in the march.
Major General MacArthur, commander
of* the Department of California, marched
at the head of the Wisconsin 'veterans.
He was in civilian uniform and no one.
unless he knew him. would have pointed
him out as the distinguished soldier that
he Is. At his side were General Lyon,
Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of
Wisconsin, and General Amos Cobb. ex-
Chlef Justice of the Supreme Court of
Nebraska. Commander J. P. Rundle was
tn charge of the contingent and be had
Captain Henry of Eau Claire as his aid.
Thirty-five battle flags wera carried by
the Pennsylvania representatives. All
along the line of march the precious
relics of the great war were viewed witn.
interest. They formed a hollow square
and were guarded by 500 soldiers from the
department. The history of these flags
entitled them to the ovation they received
as they were borne aloft by the proud
color guard. Post No. Z of Philadelphia,
one of the largest In the department,
whose members have attended all the Na
tional Encampments, and who in the
early days of the organization appeared
before the national body to exemplify tha
work of the order, sent twenty battle
flags. General E. D. Baker Pest No. 8.
another crack post, Contributed twelve
battle flags. Members of Post No. l^S of
Allegheny City marched with three batilo
flags. A Union bunting flag was carried
aloft and attracted lots of attention. It
was taken from the knapsack of a dead
Confederate at Fort Hudson. The knap
sack was burning and the flag was
slightly scorched. The flags were carried
by th# boys from the Keystone -State and
proved an attractive feature of th* pa
rade.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin Entertains tha
Military. Hero.
General Nelson A. Miles was the guest
of honor at an elaborate dinner last night,
given by Mrs. Eleanor Martin at her res
idence at 2M0 Broadway. The beautiful
home was magnificently decorated witn
American flags, arranged in a most artis
tic manner. . •
The banquet board was decked wltn
American Beauty roses, Intermingled wltn
the stars and stripes. Shimmering glass
ware and rare old silver added to the or
nateness of the general embellishment.
General Miles was in a fine vein of
humor and at the request of his hostess
gave a graphic description of his tour
around the world.
Those invited to meet the distinguished
visitor were Colonel and Mrs. Walter 8.
Martin. S. G. Murphy, General Arthur
MacArthur, ex-May*r James D. Phelan.
Horace H. Hill, Barclay Henley, ex-
Mayor E. B. Pond and Cnristian Froellch.
GENERAL MILES IS DINED.
I cannot begin to express to you my gratitude
for this royal reception to-night. My life, as
you all know, has been devoted to tha servlca
of my country— the greatest and grandest that
the wn ahlnTs upon. My only thought* ar.
for Its welfare and Its defense. The great
Civl War. that terrible contest of American
a^inst American, taught us a great lesson
±JSSt%^^^ Sgnt'Saf ol'e, «J
-S& TTiSsrz&g^sr™ ™ *. *«
BDlrlt of manhood and enterprise. Here w»
flnd l good soldiers, uid the reason that you an,
good soldiers is because you are g^od citizens.
First a good citizen, then a good s° ldl «r-^
Nowhere in the world exists such a freedom
of thought and purpose. Nowhere Is woman so
Stehly «t«emed and«spect«rd. Kvery man In
tWa "country Is & sovereign and every woman
a superior to a sovereign.
THE Nelson A. Miles Command
No. 244. Spanian War Veterans,
held a rousing reception at
Pythian Castle last night. Gen
eral Miles was the guest oC
honor. The hall was crowded to suffo
cation with artmirera of the .retired com
mander In chief of the United States
army. The general had previously ac
cepted an Invitation to dine with some
former comrades and friends, and It was
after 10 o'clock when he entered the hall.
He was accompanied by General G. W.
Baird and Colonel H. H. Adams. A» the
distinguished party passed down the cen
ter aisle the Immense throne arose and
cheered the general over and over again,
and It was a long time before Captain
Curaon could auiet the enthusiastic as
semblage and formally Introduce the
guest of honor.
As the general stepped forward he re
ceived a .tremendous ovation. His speech
mainly dwelt upon the subject of citizen
ship and loyalty to the flag. He said tn
part:
Another event of special Interest was
the reception given In the parlors of the
Lick Houe(S by the Woman's Relief Corps,
Department of Washington and Alaska,
assisted by the commanders of the G. A.
R. of the same department. A feature
of the .affair was a well-selected musical
programme rendered by Professor H. T.
Worbes of Spokane and Mrs. Burnett of
Berkeley.
Governor Pardee and his staff, In car
riages, endeavored to make the* rounds of
all the social gatherings, but for want of
time failed to reach a number of them.
At those he did visit he was received with
all the attention due Jhe chief represen
tative of California.
Hardly had the national officers arrived
and taken their seats on the floral deco
rated platform before the presence of
Governor Pardee and his military staff
was formally announced. Both the Gov
ernor and Adjutant General Stone ad
dressed the assemblage, and in the course
of their remarks etrongly emphasized the
cordial feeling that the State and city
entertains for its distinguished visitors.
As the Chief Executive of the State bade
his adieu and passed out of the hall tho
audience rose and accorded him an enthu
siastic ovation.
Nearly all the department headquarters
wtie converted Into places of reception
and entertfc"fciment last evening, and be
tween the hours of 8 and 10 they were
thro:ieed with well-gowned women and
their escort*. In all there were sixty-one
1 unctions in full swing at the same hours.
More notable of these special events
wits the reception And entertainment
jriven by the Ladles of the G. A. R.. De
partment of California, In honor of the
national officers of the organization, at
I'tilon Square Hall, the seating capacity
of which was hardly equal to the occa
sion. Department President Mrs. M. J.
Griffiths presided and delivered the ad
dress of welcome, to which Mrs. Anna
Hall, the national president, responded.
Recitations and music combined to make
the evenings entertainment a delightful
one.
Social Functions Bound Out the Day
of Celebration.
FETE NIGHT OF VISITORS.
General Stewart offered the Woman's
Relief Corps his heartiest felicitations
and expressed his gratitude for the honor
extended him by the corps.
Then the Knickerbocker Quartet Eang
and an orchestra played spirited music.
The entire scene was animated, patriotic
and dignified, with the prevailing spirit
of love of country and respect and admi
ration for the nation's guardians of 1S61-
C5.
In the midst of a presentation a cheer
went up at the doors and then a volley
of cheers echoed throughout the build
ing, the outburst of enthusiasm being for
Governor Pardee as he entered, led by
General Stone and followed by his aides
de-camp.
When the general took his position bo
neath a maltese cross of bright golden
bearing the inscription. "Woman's
Relief Corps. 1SS3," the letters formed by
golden electric lighted bulbs, the who'.e of
the assemblage, numbering almost 2000.
filed passed and each laJy with her es
cort was presented to the distinguished
Bol<Sler.
The hall was never more beautifully
decotStad and never before had a larger
gathering of representative % women met
to do honor to a distinguished member
»f the G. A. R.
At S:20 o'clock Mrs. Elizabeth dArcy
ICinne. past national president, with Mrs.
Ooraldine E. Frisble, national senior vice
president, entered the brilliantly illumi
nated hall, followed by members of the
organization from almost every State in
the Union. Then followed General Stew
art and his aids, Thomas J. Scott of Illi
nois and Charles Burroughs of New Jer
sey, members of the council of adminis
tration. x
7 HE reception given Commander
in Chief Stewart by the Woman's
Relief Corps at Golden Gate Hall
last niffht will long be remem
bered for Its brilliancy.
Governor Pardee Is
Also Given an
Ovation.
Delivers an Jfddress
on Patriotism
and Duty.
of G. A. R,
Women Honor Com'
mander*in*Chief
Given Reception by
Spanish War
Veterans.
SGENERAL
STEWART
IS FETED
GENERAL
MILES IS
HONORED
THOUSANDS LINE THE CITY'S STREETS AS HEROES PASS
THE SAN FRAXCISCO/ C&LIv THURSDAY; AUGUST 20, 1903.
Continued on Page 8, Column 4.
their path and they were entitled to the
beauties of nature because they were re
turning herpes. There were Incidents in
the long parade which brought tears and
also laughter to those who watched it
pass. Tears welled In tho eyes of the.
sympathetic when they saw a soldier
hobble along on crutches; when they saw
one comrade leading a blind old soldier
and describing the scenes around > thfem
and wbrf-n armless, men .wended their way
along, happy to be with their comrades
again. They laughed when they. saw the
meeting of two .veterans", arid ' watched
thorn dance for. Joy. - They laughed when
they read the sign carried by a tali; vet :
eran, which read, "13 very thins ia lovely
and the goose hangs high," and they were
pleased to '.hear the. veterans marching
along singing* the songs that lightened
their journeys forty years ago. " .- v
It was ten minuses -after ten o'clock
when the firing of a 'cannon on 'one' of
the buildings in the vicinity of Geary and
Stockton streets gave the signal for the
start of the > parade. It was half past
twelve when the last representatives 61
the Department of California and Nevada
pas&ed beneath, the triumphal arches j at
Third and Market streets;: ; Necessarily
the pace was much slower than that set
by the regulars the • previous i day. :The
soldiers of : to-day marched : with the
swinging stride of youth and -vigor, whlls
the heroes.^ of yesterday moved' along
slowly and "infirmly. [¦'¦ ; ¦:.',¦; ..
... Chief of Police Wl ttmau and CorDpral
Continued From -Page 1, Column 7.
Veterans Step '. Out 'Proudly as They
Hear Familiar War Tunes^
Captain Charles A. Jackson of "Boston
proved an efficient aid to the commander
in < thief. ¦ He ' was " mounted - on - a bicycle
and : he spun up and down Market' street
with great speed. It was a* novel slght'to
see ¦ this modern courier. - a • veteran at
that*- pedal up- to a division-commander,
salute and deliver the compliments .of hia
"superior^officer.", Captain Jackson's ma
chlae \Jna uoflr Uecorated. Ho attract-
The George H. Thomaa Post members
acted as' guard of honor to v the visiting
comrades. They preceded - General
Thomas J. Stewart, the commander In
chief of the Grand Army of the Republic,
and his personal staff,- which consisted of
the ; following * officers: ' Quartermaster
general,.' Charles. Burrows;' judge advo
cate general.' A. B. Beers; adjutant gen
eral, John W. Schall; junior vice"comman
der in chief, James P. Averlll; chaplain
in chief, D., B. Shuey; assistant adju
tant: general, J. H. Holcomb; Inspector
general,"" A.: Walsh; ; members of exec
utive committee— Thomas j| G. Sample,
Thomas w: Scott, \V. H. Armstrong, M.
J. Cumming", S. C. James,' A'.*. A. Taylor.
to. California, down that street to Mont
gomery, .to Market and out Market to
Van Ness avenue and up that wide street
past the reviewing stand. -
QUABD OF HONOR.
2
!/»• packs Toilet 1'ap^r. 7 packs. ...... ,S3e
use i-nr fellow WJi'nir BowIb.... ....lOe
10c Ve.nry Colored Ptkkpln*. iioi.fi\:. .5«
''omtilnntion Apple Corer»Gratrr .'.!..¦.. itc
vV Chins Cup* and Saucers for l.Oc
I ft) Whlt» Crockery Cups-Baueer»...«--.6«
Uic all f<lor« Tip** Corsets lor - .. ..» .,,:t5c.
•ZUt 1 ;:.!.<• \v;,!!«. Knvelopr-s, bo».'. .-.25c;
All iUM Nickel fmtctr'.J*ink. 3 dtf2en..Cc
35-37 Taylor Street.
PRICES f OR ALL OF THIS WEEK.
Bibbltt fioao. a*l week. C bars 25e
10c bars French Cestlle Soao. 3 bare.. 25c
Lfvln's best Sand Sr>ap. 8 bars 25c
Large 10c jikgs Pearllne, 3 pkg« 21c
lOc bjr Wool and Queen Lily Soap... 7c
4 gapollo. 25e; 12 Dandy Soap 25c
30c 2-qt Agate Lipped Saucepan.^. ,. .l)Se
2<»c 2-<it Auale Milk Pans for lOc
40c Aeate Covered Saucepan .25c
7.V- lt-qt Axate Dishpans lor.. 5<)c
l&c AKate Colanders for 15c
ric Fancy Glass Water Pitchers 15c
All sizes Carpet Tacks* package ,.l*i
2<Jc iM nch Glass Berry Dish ., lOc
40c <'-ql Aeate Lipped Sauc*pad 22c
25c lU-qt Tin Dlshpans for 15c
f»Oc 6-<jt Agate Preserve Kettles'. ..... .ROC
S1.7S Challenge Wringer, special... .91.111
fZ.25 BlFnell Carpet Eweeper $1.87
>1.25 Iron Lined Gas Ovens for ..75c
Sc Tepper and Bait Shakers, 2 for. .'....Ac
IDe Cudahy's Rex Lye, special t>c
10 l>'.a» Hardwood Toothpicks..... ...23c
aOc Nickel Alarrh '"!.<k! lor ,Ui)c
Alt colors UlUKicn. yard ' J<>«
a«;-lnch I'.lack Taffeta Lininc, yd :.ric
3«-inch black Cotton Canvas, yard.... Re
Wont >1'.:<-Ti. j-d 25c; S!lk Moreen.. 2Kc
20c lilack Kancy Lace llont.tor ...lOc
V*' I>jn»dale Muslin, yard .-. .Me
?.". tw-pltra Fancy Dec Dinner. Set. .*a.J>3
RED HOT I nfl&B'C
PRICES AT LlUSS^O
ADVERTISEMENTS.BERLIN. Aug. 19.— The Foreign Office
officials here regard the arrest of Ger
man and other merchants at Cludad'Bol
ivar, Venezuela, for refusing President
Castro's demand for the repayment of
taxes already paid to the late Insurgent
Government as probably the work of the
local Governor, and for which the Vene
zuelan President is not responsible. It is
also believed that President Caatro will
no doubt cause the release of the prison
ers as soon as the facts are made known
to him.
German Officials Think President
Castro Is Not Responsible for
Harsh Measures.
BLAME LOCAIi GOVERNOR
FOR MERCHANTS' ARRESTS
TACOMA, Aug. 19.— Governor McBrida
to-day granted a pardon to Edward Mor
ris, who is confined in the State Peniten
tiary at Walla Walla for grand larceny.
His two sisters traveled all the way from
Austin. Tex., to see the Governor in the
interest of the young man to whom the
pardon has been granted. They appeared
before the Chief Executive this morning
and left Olympia this afternoon, rejoiced
over the success of their mission.
Morris was sentenced at Spokanw
County In May of last year to a term of
two years and «ix months. He was -/
years old and has been engaged -as cook
in the penitentiary for some months. Ha
has been a model prisoner. HI3 sistera
will take him home to Texas.
SISTERS OBTAIN PARDON
FOR ERRING BROTHER
Texas Girls Appeal to Governor Mo*
Slide, Who Gives Freedom to
Edward Morris.
Frank Elliott Myers, post commander; Quar
termaster A. E. Conn. Mrs. Katie Gilbert. Mrs.
Ada Duncan. Mrs. trances Peters. Mrs. Delia
Dillon. Mrs. Fanny Close. Mrs. Dora Hopper.
Mrs. Bertha Mackrett. Mrs. Henrietta Mackey.
Mrs. Grant. Mrs. Addie L. Balluu. Mrs. May
Wilson. Mrs. Jennie Coon. Mrs. Annie Pierce.
Mrs. Rose Bergman. Mrs. Mary Emmett. Mrs.
Kate Yeoman and Mrs. Jennie \Va!. j h.
Miss Alma Coon has delighted the
guests with her piano solos, both through
out the day and evening.
James A. Garfleld Post No. 34, Depart
ment of California, is dispensing hospital
ity to comrades and visitors to the city
with a lavish hand at Albion Hall, Al
cazar building.
Those acting as hosts and hostesses are:
A reunion of the United States Maimed
Soldiers and Sailors took place at Turk
street Temple yesterday afternoon. Tru
man Reeves presided and J. H. R. Storey
addressed the veterans for some time on
the pension question and the success that
was ultimately achieved In gaining an in
crease in the pensions after years of labor
in the cause.
The soldiers that listened yesterday to
the recounting of the incident of that day
were J. E. Strlcklen, Company I; E. W.
Plumb, Edward Heacock, James E. Twi
name, E. J. Burke, C. M. Duffy, Marion
Millsap and M. B. Kirtley.
Colonel David Murphy, First Missouri
IJght Artillery, was present, looking hale
and hearty and telling his Interested
comrades who were with him on the oc
casion how he picked the body of General
Lyon from off the battlefield and placed
it on a wagon at Wilson's Creek. Mo. He
reminded his white-haired audience of the
official order which they received to re
move the body of the general from the
wagon that room might be made for the
wounded. He told of laying the body rev
erently on the ground and how it was
taken by the enemy, who, however, re
stored it upon learning of the identity
of the slain hero.
numbers of those who served
their country met for the first time sinco
the day when peace was proclaimed.
James E. Twiname. Battery F, Second
United States Artillery, was one of tho
heroes who received and welcomed vet
erans who had fought for Old Glory.
._ REUNION of the First Missou
jjrt and the Second United States
M^r Artillery was held at the Alca
%+r JL zar building yesterday, when
Crippled Soldiers in
Convention Jls=
semble.
Men Parted Since
War Meet in
Old Age.
MISSOURI
VETERANS
REUNITED
Before* returning home you will be interested'
In seeing Sau*alito, Mill .Valley or San Rafael.'
tbe beautiful suburban home district; 14 trains
daily via North Shore R. R. (Sausalito ferry).
Fare, round trip. 25c to • 3Oc. Mount Taraalp*U
(scenic railway trip). $1 00. Ticket ofUce, 62«
Market etrect. S. F. (Phone Private Exc. 16tU* 1
Holders of G. A R. Tickets.
NOTICE
HTJURICANE AT TAMPIOO
DOES GREAT DAMAGE
Cablegram From United States Con
sul Magill Tells of Twelve-
Hour Storm.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 19.— The State
Department to-day received the following
cablegram from Samuel Maglll, United
States Consul at Tamplco, Mexico:
"Strong hurricane here for twelve
hours. Much damage to property."
Cardinal Martinelli Received.
ROME, Aug. 19.— The Pope to-day re
ceived Cardinal Martinelll in private audi
ence and asked him for Information about
American affairs, ,• saying his close ac
quaintance with Cardinal - Gibbons bad
given him much satisfaction. . .
TOO PROUD TO WORK,
-HORSE KILLS HIMSELF
Owner Believes Animal Struck Its
Head on the Ground "With,
Suicidal Intent.
PORTLAND, Aug. 19.— Before he would
allow himself to be worked with other
houses, a valuable horse belonging to
A. H. Metcalf of East Portland knocked
out his brains against the ground. The
animal was hitched up for a short drive,
but refused to move. The owner tried to
lead the obstinate animal, but still he
would not stir. Metcalf persisted In his
efforts to lead the horses, when he sud
denly swung his head around, striking
the ground, and In an instant the valua
ble animal was lying dead in the harness.
There was no nick or other hard sub
stance upon which the horse struck his
head. Th« owner, who has handled horses
for years, believes it was a deliberate
suicide.
Countess von Waldersee Sails.
BERLIN, Aug. 19.— Countess von Wal
dersce (formelry Miss Leo of New York)
will sail for the United States to-mor
row. The official duties of Field Marshal
Count , von Waldersee prevent him visit
ing America.
Sanger Opera-House Burns.
FRESNO, Aug. 19.— Shortly after 5
o'clock this morning a small blaze was
seen issuing from the roof of the Banger
Opera-House at Sanger and by 6 o'clock
it was reduced to ashes-
W ABASH. Ind.. Aug. 13. — The Wabash
Bridge and Iron Company assigned, to-day: for
the benefit of creditors. Liabilities are esti
mated at $200,000; assets at $100,000, which Is
This decision of the big map publishing
company follows in the - wake of other
publishing houses that have left Chicago
for the same reason. Poole Bros., railroad
printers have established a branch house
at Holland, Mich., and the "VV. B. Con
key. Company are also erecting a branch
there. .
When a. woman cornea back from "a
visit she usually has a great deal. to say
about the smart sayings of her sister's
children-
Officials , of the company said to-day
they had decided to get away from Chi
cago. They assert it is impossible to
maintain a plant like the Rand-McN'ally
concern In Chicago and meet the demands
of unions and compete with the jobbing
trade.
CHICAGO. Aug. 19.— Rand, McNally &
Co., one of the largest publishing houses
in the country, employing more than 1000
people, Is preparing to move Its two big
plants from Chicago at once _ to escape
labor troubles. For some time the com
pany has had several sites under con
templation, one In Waukegan meeting
with most favor.
Special Dispatch to The Call
"WASHINGTON, Aug. 19.— The Insular
Bureau of the "War Department is ar
ranging for the. shipment of five million
pesos in silver certificates to the Philip
pines by registered mall, thus avoiding
the heavy charges demanded by the ex
press companies.
The currency will be put in charge of
three railway mail clerks who will go
through from Washington to San Frae
clsco. An army officer will receive the
certificates in San Francisco with a guard
of soldiers and will take the. currency
aboard an army transport, where he will
be personally responsible for its safety
until he has delivered It to the treasurer
of the insular Government in Manila.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
The now star discovered by Turner of Oxford
in the constellation Gemini last March was
systematically observed here and elsewhere
until in May. when the sun reached the part
of the sky In which It is situated. The sun
having now passed to the eastward sufficiently
to permit observations to be resumed. Dr.'
Curtis reobaerved the star this morning and
found it to be of the (tenth magnitude. The
spectroscoplc observations made In. the spring
showed that the spectrum of the star was
gradually changing and assuming the character
of the spectrum. of a nebula. This morning's
observations show that the change to the nebula
state is complete. j;
SAN JOSE, Aug. 19.— The following is
from Director W. W. Campbell of the
Lick Observatory:
The faint periodic comet discovered by Pro
fessor Brooks of Geneva, N. Y., in 1889, ap
peared again in 1890. and its second return
was predicted for this year. Dr. Altken found
it' this morning with the 36-inch equatorial,
about five minutes of arc ' from its predicted
place. It Is of the fourteenth magnitude and
therefore requires a telescope 12 Inches or more
in diameter to see it.
Charges.
Government Will^Avoid
Heavy Express
Lick Astronomer Finds
It With 36-Inch
Equatorial.
Rand, McNally & Co.
Prepare to Leave
Chicago.
night, which was largely' at
tended. The hall was gayly decorated
with the Stars and Stripes and a pro
fusion of evergreens. A. G. WIessert
called the meeting to order. The pro
gramme offered was of a most interesting
nature and was highly appreciated by a
large and enthusiastic audience.
Among those who took part in the ex
ercises were Wade H. Richardson, Com
rade Philip Check. Judge Burrell of Oak
land. Colonel Warrier of the Thirty-sixth
Wisconsin, Comrade # J. P. Rundle (de
partment commander), Miss Decker and
O. H. Lagrange, governor of the National
Soldiers' Home at Santa Monica.
Colonel La Grange made a stirring
speech and was loudly applauded. He
referred to the great part the American
nation played In civilizing and christian
izing the world at large. He advised
all his hearers to follow the flag— the
flag that would lead them to a future
for which there could be no fear. %
THE Wisconsin Society of the Civil
War Veterans held a reception at
Lyric Hall. 121 Eddy ctreet. last
As soon as the trains arrive carriages
will be on hand to take the visitors for a
ride about the city. Those who are not
taken in carriages will be given trans
portation on the street cars.
At noon lunch will be searved In St.
James Park under the trees. Seats and
tables for 4000 are to be prepared, and a
small army of women and_glrls will act
as waitresses. Music by a band will be
furnished during the repast. A sort of a
reception with addresses will follow. Five
tons of fruit "will be distributed among
the visitors.
Every preparation Is now completed
for the entertainment of the visitors.
Four thousand of the veterans and their
friends are expected.
A ride through the orchards and city,
with an elegant lunch and informal re
ception in St. James Park, is what San
Jose will tender the hosts of Grand Army
men who visit that city on Saturday next.
Santa Clara County day is to be made a
memorable one in the minds of the old
soldiers. ';,." ,
The tug Unadllla will leave this city
with the veterans and on arriving at Val
lejo the houses of the officers there will
be thown open to the guests.
A souvenir programme, printed in the
navy yard office, will be . given to each
visitor. A concert will be rendered by the
navy yard band, and there will be plenty
of "hard tack" for the old soldiers.
Y • ALLEJO will be en fete to-day
m J to receive the delegations of the
Grand Army of the Republic which
will visit that city and the navy
yard at Mare Island.
Old Soldiers Take
a Bay Trip
To*Day.
Badger State Men
Spend a Merry
/*"# 1*0/7 i n or
PESOS BY MAIL
IN CERTIFICATES
THE grand concert at Mechanics'
Pavilion last night was a grat
ifying success. The audience
was 10,000 strong. Every num
ber on the programme was en
thusiastically applauded and encores were
numerous. The martial music struck a
sympathetic chord in the hearts of the
hearers and after the rendering of some
of. the patriotic airs there was a verita
ble storm of handclapplng and cheers.
The chorus of 500 voices under the con
duct of John W. McKenzle was excep
tionally fine. The orchestra of 100 musi
cians under the direction of Paul Stein-,
dorff was worth a trip across the conti
nent to hear. John Marquardt, concert
master, also deserves a great share of
BIG PUBLISHERS
TO MOVE PLANT
mann). H. H. Bamhart: "Hungarian Rhap
eodle II" (F. Liszt), orchestra; (a) "Soldiers'
Chorus" from "Faust" <Gounod); (b) a new
patriotic sons. "Gallant Boys In Blue" (Shafter-
Howard), grand chorus of 600 voices; "Grand
American Fantasle" (Victor Herbert), orches
tra; "Tannhayser Overture" (R. Wagner), or
chestra: (a) '^Hy Own United States" (Julian
Edwards), a new national song (first time).
H. H. Barnhart. chorus and orchestra; (b)
"When Johnny Comes Marching Home," cho
rus and orchestra; grand aria, "11 Kst Doux,
II Est Bon." from "Herodlade" (J. Massa
¦net), Mrs. M. E. Blanchard; (a) "Tenting On
the Old Camp Ground" (Klttredge); tb>
"Marching Through Georgia" (Work), grand
chorus and orchestra: concert valse, "Fuersten
stelner" (B. Bllne), orchestra: (a) "Stars and
Stripes Forever" (Sousa); (b) "Reminiscence
of Philippine Islands," grand chorus and or
chestra: "Star Spangled Banner" (Key).
Mrs. M. E. Blanchard, grand chorus and or
chestra.
BROOKS' COMET
AGAIN OBSERVED
The affair was conducted throughout In
an admirable manner. There was no dis
order of any kind and ticket holders se
cured their seats without difficulty. The
concert programme follows:
"Jubel Overture" (C. M. von Weber), or
chestra; '"The Two Grenadiers" (R. Schu-
the credit, for the success of the enter
tainment. The Instrumental and the vo
cal music met with equal favor -at the
hands of the enraptured audience.
The songs rendered by Mrs. M. E.
Blanchard were received with thunder
ous applause. Her rendering of "Home,
Sweet Home," In response to an encore
was applauded to the echo. The old war
songs brought the veterans to their feet
and sent the house into a frenzy of en
thusiasm:
Veteran Critically 111.
Veteran Corporal Eamuel BirSh of Ohio,
wrho was taken for treatment to St. Wini
fred Hc.-rital en Tuesday suffering from
brain trouble, the result of overexertion,
was in a very low condition last night.
The eld hero Is under the medical care
of Dr. Winslow Anderson. Every atten
tion and care is elven the veteran and
the greatest solicitude is shown for his
rwnvprv.
BAN JOSE. Aur. 19. — Am«5ee Delp*ch. one
of the b^st-known vin*yardi£ts or.d wine men
cf this county, died at hi« hom* near Lob
Gatos to-day. He vu a native of France, ajted
R2 ysrs. The funeral will be h*>ld Jn Han
Trancifco to-morrow under the auspices of the
Franco-American Lodge, I. O. O. F., of which
b«= iru a. member.
HEUWIOW HELD
BY WISCONSIN
TO BE GUESTS
OF NAVY YARD
Monster Choir and^ Orchestra Render Patriotic Music, Giving
Pleasure to Immense Audience.
Five Hundred Voices Harmonize in a Pssan to the Grand Old Heroes of the Greatest War in Centuries.
THE delegates to the Thirty-sev
enth Annual Encampment of
the Grand Army of the Republic
• Trill meet la session to-day at
the Grand Opera-house. The
convention Is scheduled to convene at
9:30 o'clock this mcrnins a^d will be called
to order by the commander in chief. Gen
eral Stewart. It has been a rule of the
convention for a number of years to
v*aive the calling of the roll of delegates,
end It Is probable that there will be no
departure from this custom to-day. A
prayer offered by the chaplain In chief
will be followed Immediately by the re
ceiving of reports from the various na
tional officers, the commander in chief
reading his and the other officers, includ
ing the chairman of the different stand
ing: committees, submitting theirs in
printed form.
Then will follow the appointing, by
General Stewart, of a committee on rules
and regulations, of which the chairman
will no doubt be former Commander in
Chief Robert Beath of Philadelphia, who
has held the position for about twenty
four years.
WILL APPOINT OFFICERS.
It is expected that this business will
consume the greater part of the forenoon
session, and at the call to order in the
afternoon the convention •will proceed at
ence to the election of officers, five of
whom are to be chosen as follows: Com
mander in chief, senior vice commander
in chief, junior vice commander in chief,
chaplain in chief and surgeon in chief.
The other national officers, including ad
jutant general, quartermaster general, in
spector general, judge advocate general,
tenior aid de camp and chief of staff and
assistant adjutant general and the chair
men cf the different national committees,
are appointive and will be selected later
in the day by the new commander.
As yet nothing has arisen to suggest
any opposition to the election of General
Flack by acclamation and the election of
Colonel C. Mason Kinne of this city to
the position of senior vice commander in
< hief is certain, although a number of
friends of General Shafter, who recall
Colonel Kinne's opposition to the depart
ment commander's recent candidacy,
have been threatening to spring another
local candidate for the second position in
< ommand. After the election of officers
is disposed of the convention will settle
¦'own to the consideration of various bus
tsen matters. Among the national offi
ers it is thought that the session will be
,>. s-liort one. The most important matter
••-..it will come vp for consideration will
• the selection of a plac* for encamp
ment r.rxt year and it is regarded as al
most a foregone conclusion that Boston
¦rill be chosen.
.WOMEN TO CONVENE.
The conventions of the national dele
cts of the Woman's Relief Corps and
the Ladies of the Grand Army will con
¦ • • ' to-day, but it was stated last even
ir.jr by the officers of both organizations
that the election of new leaders would
cot probably be reached until to-morrow.
The proceedings at these meetings are
:-:ir.i'.ar to those of the 'Grand Army, the
f^rn» number of officers being elected.
fa the Ladies of the G. A. R. there were
Dver 3 dozen candidates for the position
r ' president in the field yesterday and it
i= possible that this number will be in
creased before the balloting begins.
In the Woman's Relief Corps Mrs. Win
asj is still In the lead for the highest
r r ?;'ion in that body and is gaining
strength as .the convention approaches.
Both organizations are prepared for a
busy meeting and if the candidates for
the presidency of the Ladies of the G.
A. R. persist in seeking the nomination
:t is possible that the session of that or
ganization will be prolonged to the end
of the week.
Women's Societies
Also Ready for
Convention.
Delegates of Grand
Army to Meet
To*Day.
BUSINESS
SESSIONS
TO OPEN
GRAND CONCERT GIVEN AT PAVILION DRAWS THRONGS
¦ . • ., : ~ ¦ ¦ ¦¦ - ' - - • ¦:¦ •*¦-¦'¦ - '¦ ¦¦¦-•• -
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, THUKSDAY, .. AUGUST 20. 1903.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Diamonds .
May Soon
Drop in Price*
The reason for this you will observe
when you have visited the Palace of J.
C DAVIDSON, the world's greatest dia-
mond imitator, and have inspected the
Papph-Diamond. This gem has enga&<?3
the thought of our famous diamond im-
porters because of its excessive HARD-
NEBS, phenomenal luster and brilliancy.
Having the Fame diamond cut. they pos-
rj-** the prismatic fire so characteristic
»'f the genuine. Constructed as nearly on
thf lines r>f nature as it was possible for
•¦cience to venture, pressure and the most
intense hf-at obtainable are the important
factors cf construction.
No fcilbacks and never sold under elec-
tric lights and demonstrated side by
side with genuine diamonds.
Beware of any one offering to represent
n,e— there is but one place on the Coast
v.here the Sapph-DIamond can be pro-
cured. 124 Kearny street, San • Francisco.
Reconstructed rubles, emeralds, pearls
and sapphires.
Importer of Australian and Mexican
fire opals.
Catalogues on application.
These three words go wel
together: Schilling's Best and
moneyback.
Why? Your grocer will tell
you.
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
¥WO CAMMOT BE CURED.
So uniformly successful has Dr. Pierce't
Favorite Prescription proven in all forms
of Female Weakness, Prolapsus, or Falling
of Womb, and Lencorrhea, that, after over
a third of a century's experience in curing
the wont cases of these distressing and
debilitating ailments'. Dr. Pierce now feels
fully warranted in offering to pay $500 in
cash for any case of these diseases which
he cannot cure.
It Stands Aloxe. — The "Favorite Pre-
scription" stands alone, as the one and
only remedy for these distressingly com-
mon forms of weakness, possessed of such
positively specific curative properties as to
warrant its makers in proposing:, and
binding themselves to forfeit, as we, the
undersigned proprietors of that wonderful
remedy hereby do, to pay the sum of $500
in legal money of the United States in any
case of tbe above diseases in which after a
fair and reasonable trial of onr treatment,
we fail to cere. No other medicine for
the core of woman's peculiar ailments is
backed by such a remarkable guarantee ;
no other medicine for woman's ills is pos-
sessed of the unparalleled curative prop-
erties that would warrant its manufacturers
in making such an offer ; no other remedy
has sneb a record of cure* on which to base
such a remarkable offer.
Therefore, insist on having Dr. Pierre's
Favorite Prescription and turn your bacic
on any unscrupulous dealer who would
insult your intelligence by attempting; to
foist upon yon some inferior substitute,
under the plea that "it is jnst as good."
Insist on having the article which has a
record of a third of a century of cures and
which is backed by those willing to forfeit
$500 if they cannot cure you.
In cases attended by a lencorrbeal drain
a solution of Dr. Pierce 's Lotion Tablets
should be used conjointly with the use of
the "Favorite Prescription." They are sold
bv all druggists, or sent post-paid to any
address, on receipt of 25 cent* in stamps.
Send 31 cents in stamps for Dr. Pierce'3
Common Sense Medical Adviser. Address
World's Dispensary, Buffalo, N. Y.
Weak and sick women are invited to
consult Dr. Pierce, bv letter, free. All
correspondence is held as strictly privata
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo. NT Y.
Dr. Pierce's J"cllcts_ cure biliousnessITALY'S MINISTER OF MARINE, ONE OF HER NAVAL HEROES AND
AN ITALIAN SHIP OF WAR WHICH IS NOW HOVERING NEAR
THE WATERS OF THE SULTAN'S DOMAIN.
Continued From Page 1, Column 2.
WIZARD LOEB PROBES.
Dr. Elvira Castner of Marienfelde. near
Berlin, who was one of the first German
women to come to this country to study
a profession closed to her in Germany,
has given up h«r profession of dentistry
after many years of successful work and
is devoting herself to a school of horticul
ture for women founded by herself. There
are now a number of women dentists In
Germany.
"Sinffle taxers are greatly exercised over
the accuisltion of a clubhouse by the
Manhattan Single Tax Club. The club
has made a dangerous departure from
the teachings of Henry George In regard
to the private ownership of land. The
members are not all reconciled to the fact
that the club has become a private prop
erty owner. It was for the purpose of
promulgating hfs single tax ideas that
Henry George founded the club years
ago.— New York Letter.
The Italian Embassador at Constanti
nople has telegraphed to the Foreign Of
fice that the Porte has declared it will
soon be able to re-establish order In Mac
edonia and that it has already secured
effective protection for all the foreign
Consuls there."
.LONDON. Aug. 19.— A dispatch to •
news agency from Vienna says Bulgaria
has ordered 15,000,000 cartridges from A
Vienna firm for prompt delivery.
Bulgaria Buys Ammunition.
The can was deposited in the baggage
car at Waltersburg by a man and woman
who said they would take It off at Drav
osburg, their destination. When. Dravos
burg was reached the couple were ar
rested. They said their names were Mr.
and Mrs. Isaac Jublller of Tucker and
that the boy was their son who had ac
cidentally killed himself with his father's
revolver. When they found he was dead
they decided to keep the matter quiet
and bury him privately at Dravosburg.
MON'ONGAHELA, Pa.. Atrg. ©.— Th*
blood-stained corpse of a five-year-old
boy was discovered to-day by the bag
gageman on a Pittsburg, Virginia and
Charleston Railroad train en route to
Dravosburg. The body was packed tight
ly in a large coffee can and was wrapped
In the blood-soaked folds of a woman's
dress'. The only mark on the body was a
bullet hole In the breast.
They Decide to Keep Matter
Quiet and Bury Body
. Privately.
Boy's Parents Declare
His Death Was Ac
cidental.
CORPSE 15 FOUND
IN BAGGAGE CAR
NICARAGUAN MINISTER TO WASHINGTON. ,WHO BELIEVES THAT
HIS GOVERNMENT WOULD PLACE- NO OBSTACLES IN THE WAY
OF A CANAL TREATY.
Ready to Profit by Russia's Difficulty
With the Porte.
LONDON, Aug. 19.-rThe Italian Embas-
JAPAN GROWS WARLIKE.
Turks Pursuing Remainder -of a
THIRTY REVOLUTIONISTS FALL.
Macedonian Band.
SALONICA, Tuesday, Aug.' 1S.-A revo
lutionary band engaged a force of Turk
ish troops yesterday' at Dailar. Thirty
of the revolutionists were killed and the
troops are pursuing the remainder of the
band. . ¦ . • --¦ ¦¦ ¦ .
A message from the Metropolitan of Sa
lonica further confirms the reports that
the.) Turkish troops on entering Krushevo
terribly maltreated the inhabitants.
About 150. Greeks and others, including
eighty children, were marched' as prison
ers to Monastir. Five of. them died on
their way.
ALL MALES ARE MASSACRED.
Bulgarian Village.
Women Report Turkish Atrocity in
SOFIA, Aug. 19.— Reports from Monastir
say 200 women, who have arrived there
from the Bulgarian village of Rakovo,'
hav.- ar.sented petitions to the Russ'lan
and Austrian Consuls and to Hllml Pa
sha, the inspector general, setting forth
that their village has been burned, and
that all the males of the population have
been massacred.
Fifteen villages in the district of Ok
rida, three In the district of L»erln and
three in the district of Rezen have been
destroyed. .
Further details of the fighting at Krush
evo show that the insurgents retired to a
point in the vicinity of the town, after
losing.sixty men killed and twelve wound
ed. The Turkish loss was 250 men killed
or wounded. ¦. ¦ ,
A band of seventy insurgents, near-Ko-
Jle, in the vilayet of Uskub, fought a de
tachment of Turks all day. Nine of .the
Insurgents were killed. Th& Turkish
losses are not known. On the following
day a party of Bashi Bazouks entered the
village and slaughtered all of the inhab
itants. . . iv
Severe fighting Is reported to have oc^
currei' • near Vetarsko.. The result Is not
known.' ' -
BULGARIA AGAIN PROTESTS.
Austria Supports Demand for Censur-
J ing of Hilxni Pasha.
VIENNA, Aug. .19.— The newspaper Die
Zeitung asserts that M. ZInevieff, the Rus
sian. Embassador. at Constantinople, yes
terday presented another ' note to the
Porte demanding that severe official . cen
sure be passed upon Hllml Pasha, the in
spector • general . of Macedonia, ¦ ! for his
negligence in permitting excesses by
Turkish soldiers. The Austrian' Embas
sador personally .supported the demand.
An unconfirmed rumor from Sofia says
that the insurgents have captured the
town of.Utschebo, in, the vilayet of Mon
astir.'.They are reported to have mur
dered* the Mayor and to be holding tho
inhabitants for ransom. * • v*
Bandits Attack Magazine.
: ST. .PETERSBURG, Aug. 19.-A dis
patch; received here from Port Arthur
says a band of bandits recently attacked'
a. dynamite. magazine near the Manchur
ian frontier: station " and : attempted to
blow It up. ¦"'.: A detachment of Cossacks'
TRAINS TO BE DYNAMITED.
Boris Sarafoff's Warning to Railroad
¦¦yx:'- ¦ Company Is Plain. "'
VIENNA, "Aug. 19.— A telegram from
Boris S.arafoff, the active leader of . the
Macedonian insurgents, to the manage
ment of the Oriental Railroad is pub
lished here. Sarafoff says. that the gen
eral staff of the revolutionary committee
of Macedonia and Adrianople announces
that In consequence of the rising of the
Christian population of Macedonia for lib
eration'from Turkish rule they williVnec
essarlly have to commit outrages on rail
ways," and he begs the ¦ management
During the last fifty years land 'values
in New York and Chicago have prdbably
Increased more" enormously than in any
other two" cities in the world.' In 1626 the
Dutch " purchased t Manhattan Island for
$24; in 1890, according to the census, the
real estate/of the city of New York was
Valued at J2, §27,000,000— figures that the
mind Is utterly incapable of comprehend
ing.
The advance in the value of land In
Chicago has been ; equally as wonderful.
In 1816 there was not a single white per
son on the present site of Chicago, . and
the raw prairie land was practically val
ueless. ., The .census of 1890 estimated the
real estate value of the . city .at , $1,330,
000,000. .:¦¦¦:"; .... . ... ... . : - ' ¦
• The most valuable quarter acre In. Chi
cago In 1830 was worth 530; In 1840,; $1500;
in 1850." $17,500; in' 1860, $28,000; in 1870. $120.
000: in -1S8, $130,000 ; in 1890, . $900,000, and in
1894, $1.25O,uuO. At the present time this
tiuarter-acre is worth close; to $2,000,000.
The * Illinois Land Bureau some years ago
made a careful estimate of land values in
Chicago in Seventy Years Presents
Figures! as to Values That Are
Simply Wonderful. , .;.-,,,
INCREASING VALUES
- OF LAND IN CITIES
PLANS A NEW TBEATY.
Colombia's Move Finds No Favor in
• • '. £ Washington. '
S BOGOTA.. Colombia, Friday. Aug. 14.—
A bill is ready authorizing the Govern
ment to make a new canal 'treaty with
the United States upon a fixed basis and
also providing for modifying the national
constitution.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 19.— In State De-
captured "twenty of the bandits, but the
majority of tne band escaped.
partment circles the news that the Co
lombian Congress intends to ratify the
canal treaty Mn an amended form or to
propose a ;new treaty is not regarded as
changing the* situation at Bogota. It has
all along been declared, both at the State
Department and the "White House, that
substantial- amendment of the treaty In
any part would mean its death. There is
no indication here that this view is not
still held by the President and Secretary
Hav.
Information received by Dr. Herran, the
Colombian Charge d'Affaires here, Indi
cates an intention on the part of the
Colombian Senate to resume considera
tion of the subject of a Panama canal
.treaty in place of the one disapproved by
that body on the 12th inst. This shows
a decided change in the turn of events
and leads Herran to hope that a meas
ure yet will be passed by the Colombian
Congress which will form the basis for
the ratification of a treaty between the
United States of Colombia and the United
States of America for the construction of
an Isthmian canal. Dr. Herran's infor
mation is that on the 13th Inst., the day
after the disapproval of the treaty by
the Senate, that body voted to appoint
a committee of three members to act
jointly with a committee from the House
of Representatives for the formation of
a measure having for its object the rati
fication, of a treaty between the two
countries by the executive of Colombia
after the two houses of the Colombian
Congress have passed an enabling act out
lining the terms and conditions on which
a treaty should be drawn. The President
of Colombia by this act would have full
power in the premises and the treaty
would not have to be afterward sub
mitted to -the Coiomblan Congress.
Dr. Herran was not surprised at the
news. He admitted that the previous ca
blegram announcing the rejection of the
treaty contained the words: "Another
proposition is under consideration." Dr.
Herran, after further reading of the ca
blegram announcing rejection now con
tends that the Spanish word used should
be translated "disapproved," rather than
"rejected." Of the news from Bogota to
night Dr. Herran said:
! This shows that the Senate has not aban
doned the idea of canal leglslat on of some sort
at its present session. I take It that the con
ference committee will asree upon^modifications
to the Hay-Herran treaty, which the Colom
bian Coneress will Insist upon, and that the
canal bill will be passed incorporating the pro
visions of the canal treaty which are satisfac
tory to Congress, and empowering; the President
to ratify such treaty.
the city of Chicago. The most valuable
section is known aa the "South Side." and
Its boundaries are the Chicago River on
the north and west. Twelfth strefon the
south and Lake Michigan on the east.
All- the great stores, wholesale and retail,
the high office buildings and the great
banking institutions are found within this
area.
, Deducting thirty acres of public land
owned by the nation. State, county and
city, and -55.13 acres owned and used by
the railroads, there remain 266.29 acres be
longing to individuals and private cor
porations. This the bureau estimated to
be worth $319,000,000 for the land alone,
without reckoning the ' Improvements,
which are worth as much more. Marshall
Field owns $11,000,000 worth, and the next
largest holder. Levl. Z. Lelter, $10,500,000
worth. There are in all 1198 owners of
this $319,000,000 worth of . land. Eighty
eight persons own $136,000,000, which Is
nearly one-half of the business center of
the city of Chicago.— New Tork'Commer
cial. ;, . . ; ..
Count de la Vaulx, who tried last fall
to cross the Mediterranean In a balloon
and failed, owing to bad weather. Is re
constructing his balloon and will make
the trial again this year. His ballast
will be In the form of water pumped up
through a hose, the lower end of which
trails in the sea. When the balloon rises
more water is pumped up, and when it
descends some is let out.
In the meantime tne Russian squadron
will not proceed to Constantinople, as has
been reported, but will rendezvous at the
email port of the vilayet of Adrianople,
above the' entrance of the Bosphorus.
For the present this squadron has no or
ders to assume an aggressive course. Its
action will depend on Turkey's fulfillment
of the t*rms of Russia's final demands
In connection with the assassination of
Consul Rostkovski: The punishment of
a number of the persons implicated Is
not considered to be full compliance with
the terms of the demands, which include
an adequate indemnity.
Besides the Rostkovski incident, the
proposed joint naval action before Sa
lonica Is due to the. earnest representa
tions of the foreign Consuls at Salonica,
who set forth that their lives are In dan
ger. The first representation on the sub
ject reached the French authorities sev
eral weeks ago, and since then other Con
suls have made similar representations.
The assassination of M. Rostkovski is
giving such emphasis to the statements
of the Consuls that consideration of a
joint naval demonstration of sufficient
strength to Impress Turkey with the nec
essity for taking decisive action looking
to the maintenance of order in Macedo
nia is now In progress. The exchange of
communications has shown that Russia
and Austria continue to co-operate fully
In the action taken toward Turkey.
PARIS, Aug. 19.— It was learned In offi
cial Quarters to-day that the action of
Russia in ordering a naval squadron to
Turkish waters may be speedily followed
by an important joint naval action on
the part of the powers. Communications
are at present being: exchanged between
the powers relative to a Joint naval dem
onstration before Salonica. The final de
termination will depend largely on Rus
sia, but if a joint demonstration shall be
determined on the fleets of France and
Austria will certainly co-operate and it
Is probable that the fleets of all the Eu
ropean powers having Turkish Interests,
except possibly Germany, which through
out has not favored taking energetic steps
against Turkey, will take part in the dem
onstration.
ticipate in Movement.
Germany Alone May Refuse to Par-
JOINT ACTION BY POWERS.
Since my Government has not given me in
structions I - am unable to say. aa Minister,
-what the terms, .or conditions will be; -but,
speaking In my private capacity. I am sure
Nicaragua will approach any new negotiations
In a spirit of complete frankness and fairness^
She has always considered the. great enterprise
as one in which the pommerce Of the world was
concerned and has never viewed the subject
from any restricted, personal standpoint, but
rather as an undertaking of international mag
nitude. ¦•• ¦ ¦ ¦ •' ' ¦ '
PAJtIS, Aug. 19.— Dr. Corea, the Min
ister of .Nicaragua to. the United States,
who Is here on a vacation, when seen to
day declined to discuss the rejection of
the Panama canal ' treaty by the Colom
bian Senate. The Minister was asked
whether. If the United States desired to
reopen negotiations, Nicaragua would de
mand new terms and conditions beyond
those contained in the Hay-Corea proto
col. He replied: . . ,. ....
Minister Corea Says Republic Would
• ' Welcome Proposals.
ATTITUDE OF NICARAGUA.
them and without the assistance of
sperm. He reasoned that artificial par
thenogenesis might be practiced on the
eggs of other animals and set to work
on experiments with the result that his
efforts were justified. His most success
ful experiments were carried on with lim
peta found at Pacific . Grove, from the
eggs of which he produced the young..
The results of Dr. Loeb's experiments
and hla. observations upon them- are con
tained In a bulletin issued at the Univer
sity of California to-day. It reads as fol
lows:
After the discover!' of the fact that the un
fertilized eggs of a sea urchin can be caused
to develop by merely extracting water from
them and without the addition of sperm tho
question arose whether artificial Partheno
genesis is confined to a few species or whether
it Is as general as the phenomenon of sexual
reproduction Itself. If the latter could be
shown to be the case it would be of importance
In two directions. It would suggest the possi
bility that the artificial physical or . chemical
me an> by which the unfertilized eggs can be
caused to develop have something in . common
with the means by which the *perra causes
the development of the eggs. Thus the ex
periments on artificial parthenogenesis might
pave the way for the solution of the problem
of fertilization. Second, if it be possible ever
to gain any positive evidence for ablogenesls
the experiments on artificial parthenogenesis
may have sonw bearing on this problem.
It can, of course, not be expected that the
eggs of each* of the numerous forms of ani
mals can b€#txamlned in regard to the possi
bility of artificial parthenogenesis. If it can
only be shown that the eggs of each form on,
which the experiment has been tried can be
caused to develop without sperm by physical
or chemical means we may conclude with some
probability that the eggs of the animals of the
same group not yet tested would behave in the
same way, although the technical difficulties
may be greater in one form than in another.
The forms thus far experimented upon aa
belong to two groups, echinoderms and anne
lids. No species of these two groups whose
eggs have been subjected to the test for arti
ficial parthenogenesis have proved refractory.
I had long Intended to see whether the unfer
tilized eggs of mollusks could not be caused by
physico-chemical means to develop, but at
Wood's Holl no forma with separate sexes
were obtainable. Meanwhile Arlola reported,
that he had tried In vain at Naples to produce
artificial parthenogenesis In a mollusk. "Den
talium Entails." It must be said, however,
that this author, through a blunder on his.
part did not use the right solutions, and hence
his experiments could not be successful. Pro
fessor Kostaneckl recently published a short
paper announcing that he had succeeded In
producing the first segmentations in a mol
lusc, "Mactra." by the method employed by
me on sea urchins. The fact that he did not 1
succeed in causing the eggs i to reach the
larval stage he ascribed to the possibility that
he did not use the optimal concentration for
thla form.
I have recently had an opportunity to try
some experiments on the limpets at Pacific
Grove, namely. "Lottia glgantea" (owt limpet)
and three other limpets, some or all of which
are species of Acmaea. In each of these forma
I iucceeded in producing swimming larvae
from the unfertilized eggs by submitting them
for two hours to sea water the concentration of
•which had been tncreaaed by the addition of
potassium chlortde or sodium chloride. The
optimal concentration differs somewhat for
each species. In from two to three hours after
the eggs were taken out of the hypertonic so
lutions and nut back into normal sea water
segmentation beiran. which wa» very regular
at least in the two and 'our cell stages. For
the eight cell stase I did not obtain
any satisfactory observations. In from
twenty to twenty-four hour* swimming
larvae were found. In most cases the Utter
developed within forty-elsht hours; la one
species only <!ld I fin<* larvae which showed a
tendency to live longer, fteath was caused or
at least accompanied by a tendency of the cella
to fall apart and to disintegrate. In older cul
tures were found a comparatively large num-
What the cause of this disintegration was I
am not yet able to state. It i» probable that
the eggs had not yet reached their full matur
ity at the time of my experimentation. I am
inclined to conclude this from the fact that I
did not succeed In fertillxtn* the eggs of "Lot
tla" (on which the majority of experiments
were carried out) wtth sperm of their own or
any other species. It Is perhaps worthy of
note that the «K83 which could -not b£ fer
tilized with sperm could be caused to develop
by a physical agency such as the extraction of
water from the egg. This refractory behavior
of the eggs toward sperm was in one r»spect
welcome in these experiments, aa it added to
the feeling of security that the precautions
against th«. contamination of the eggs with
sperm were adequate.' In the control experi
ments no segmented egg or swimming larvae
was found. ..... .- .
Treatment of the eggs with acid led only to
a beginning of segmentation. Mechanical agi
tation as far as tried had no effect. I can
therefore state that on the basis of these ex
periments and taollusks may now be added to
the list of animals in which it is possible by
physico-chemical means to cause the unfer
tilized eggs to develop Into- swimming Urvaa.
The experiments will be continued.
The general consensus of opinion among
the diplomatists Is that there is nothing
in the present situation' to warrant the be
lief that it will -develop Into a general
conflagration, as the powers are co-oper
ating generally to preserve the- peace -of
Europe. The situation in the Far. East,
especially the national agitation in Jap
an, Is regarded "by some diplomats as be
ing as threatening as the Balkan situa
tion. The Japanese officials hardly at
tempt to conceal their, belief that their
Government would act 'in the Far East
should such an opportunity offer as th«
embroilment of Russia in the*Balkans.
Dispatches received to-day from Yoko
hama state that the leading newspapers
of Tokio have abandoned '. the silence
which they - have hitherto observed re
garding the situation in Korea- and pub
lish articles strongly denunciatory of the
action of Russia. The Jiji i declares it is
time to show Korea that Japan's patience
is exhausted, while- the Shimbun urges
the Government to demand explanations
of Russia. Both the papers mentioned are
newspapers of moderate tone.
sador here to-day received a dispatch
from Rome that an Italian
squadron had been ordered to- Macedonian
water to "watch events." No explanation
was given of the reasons underlying the
orders and the embassy officials were/un
able to say whether it was a result of
Russia sending a- squadron to Turkish
waters. It was regarded as probable that
the Foreign Office had received advices
showing that Italian interests, which are
important at Salonica and In its . neigh
borhood, are menaced and that it was
deemed wise to have a strong force handy
to convince the Turks of the inadvlsabil
lty of affecting such interests by any hos
tile act. It was added that the presence
of the Italian fleet would deter the Turks
from committing outrages on Inoffensive
Christians. '
Servian refugees are arriving at Uskub
from Dibra, having fled from there, on ac
count of fear of a massacre. The Alba
nians In that district have burned a num
ber of Bulgarian villages.
Letters received here from Uskub state
that there Is a great feeling of unrest and
It is feared they may be attacked.
The monastery of the Holy Virgin, near
Kitcherc, has been burned by Albanians
after a determined struggle between the
defenders of the monastery and the in
surgents, during which both sides last
heavily.
The Embassadors of the powers have
again drawn the earnest attention of the
Porte to the fears of a massacre at Sa
lonica, and have demanded the adoption
of immediate and effective measures for
the protection of the foreign consulates
and the subjects of the various powers.
Consular reports received here from
Monastir continue to emphasize the dan
ger of an outbreak of Mohammedan fan
aticism there. The consular^reports have
asked for protection and the question of
again dispatching warships to Salonica
is being discussed by the representatives
of the powers.
Dispatches from Turkish sources say
the insurgents have destroyed another vil
lage in Macedonia. ; .
soldiers left the train and pursued other
Bulgarian workmen to a neighboring sta
tion, where the Turks murdered them all
in cold blood.
COLON, Aug. 19.— Mail advices
fronv Bogota,' under date .of
August 5th, report that "United
States Minister Beaupre had
sent a strong official note to
the Minister of Foreign Af
fairs, stating, in the name of
Secretary Hay, that all American claims
pending against Colombia must be settled
by diplomatic intervention, and not by
the local courts.
Advices from Barranquilla say . that
General: Jose Vasques.Cobos, former mil
itary chief of Panama, who headed the
military coup in July against the Gover
nor, was imprisoned there and sent to
Bogota on August 15th under military
¦escort.' _•" ' "¦" ' ' "
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork
• Herald. Copyright, 1003, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
Japan Shows Disposition to Profit by
Russo-Turkish Entanglement.
The killing of Bulgarian workmen who
were repairing the railroad track near
Uskub Is another grave instance of the
insubordination of the Turkish troops.
Details of the affair chow that a trainload
of Turkish soldiers, soon after leaving
the railroad station at Uskub, not only
fired on and killed three Bulgarians who
were at work on the road and left . the
bodies lying on the line, but some of the
Notwithstanding the warning which
Russia addressed to the Bulgarian Gov
ernment, it Is generally believed here that
the Russian naval demonstration In Turk
ish waters will dangerously encourage the
Macedonians, who, it Is asserted, will in
terpret Russia's action as being the first
step toward Intervention In their behalf.
The Insubordination of the Turkish
troops is regarded as being one of the
greatest dangers of the present Balkan
crisis. The lack of discipline among the
soldiers Is marked. It Is found necessary
to humor them in order to prevent con
flicts between the soldiers and their of
ficers. For Instance, a regiment, while
on the way from Uskub to Monastir. de
nianded that the train be stopped at Sa
fonica for twelve hours Instead of the
schedule half-hour, so that the soldiers
rright amuse themselves In the town-
After futile endeavors to prevail on the
men to allow the train to proceed, the
officers were obliged to grant their de
mand.
The Russian demands on Turkey grow
ing out of the recent murder of the Rus
sian Consul at Monastir, ML Rostkovski,
were formally presented at the Yildiz
J'alaee to-daj*.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Aug. 19.— The atti
tude of indifference hitherto assumed by
the Turkish officials toward Russia's ac
tion Is giving way to one of marked con
cern. The Porte fears that Russia con
templates making still more Important de
mands than contained in the recent note
of M. Zlnovoff, the Russian Embassador,
such as the appointment of a Christian
Governor General of Macedonia. This
idea, however, does not find Support In
diplomatic quarters, where the convic
tion prevails that Russia is working In
full agreement with Austria. Turkey is
expected to accept the Russian demands,
with the possible exception of the ap-'
poJntment of European officers to com
mand the gendarmerie. This Is likely to
arouse opposition and it is believed that
Russian anticipation thereof led to the
dispatch of the squadron, the presence of
v.-hich was hardly required to enforce a
fulfillment of the other terms.
With Indifference.
SULTAN BECOMES ALARMED.
No Longer Regards Russia's Action
LONDON. Aug. 20.— The Daily
Chronicle hears that Admiral
Domville. commanding the Brit
ish Mediterranean fleet now off
Portugal, has received urgent
orders to dispatch some vessels
to the neighborhood of Salonica. imme
diately.
ROME, Aug. 19. -The Italian Mediter
ranean squadron, now off Cagliari, Island
at Sardinia, has b<?en ordered to Sicily,
so as to he nearer the scene of the trouble
in Turkey. Italy, it was announced to
day, has decided to act In accord with
the other powers in the Balkans situa
tion.
BERLIN, Aug. 19.— Baron Marshal von
Biebersttin, the German Embassador at
Constantinople, is to be received by Em
peror William, at the castle of Wilhelms
hohe. His visit- is regarded as one of the
highest political importance.
The Daily Mail admits that Great Brit
ain. Russia and Turkey are laying in an
enormous and abnormal quantity of
Welsh steam coal, presumablv in prepar
ing for all eventualities. The British Ad
miralty has asked for quotations for 1.000,
000 tens for storage at British coaling
Ftationp. principally Gibraltar and Malta,
for four months ending December, which
Is double the quantity usually required.
Russia warts nearly as much coal, and
Turkey is buying extensively.
The Daily Mail further understands that
unless the Macedonian situation improves
all the powers will probably send squad
rons to Turkish waters.
Owing to the elation of the Turks at
Premier Balfour's recent announcement in
Parliament that he was of the opinion
••that the balance of criminalities rested
on the insurgents." says the Sofia cor
respondent of the Times, the British Em
bassador at Constantinople has been in
structed to give a warning against any
misconception and he has notified the
Porte that BaJfour's language was of a
purely parliamentary character, being de
signed for purposes of debate. The Em
bassador said that Great Britain was
firmly resolved to support the Austro-
Russlan representations, even though a
greater measure of ethical turpitude must
be assigned to the insurgents.
Italy Dispatches a
Squadron to
Sicily.
Great Britain Or
ders Warships to
Salonica;
Bratnober is said to be a. reliable man
and his story is believed in Dawson. He
is returning to the- district within ten
days himBelf and will, with a. couple of
assistants, take in a consignment of pro
visions for ..the suffering miners.
"from humane considerations to accept
no passengers, in order that' there may
be no unnecessary sacrifices to deplorp."
Another bomb outrage Is reported to
have occurred at Philippopolis. A bomb
was thrown into the house of a merchant
there and three persons were killed,
"l r/ passed through, the northern end of
the Tanana streamtwo weeks ago and ten
days before joining the jsteajmer at Fair
banks. The sceries'along the/route from
the Nazina. ' country whicn lies to the
northwest of Tanana are the most pitia
ble ever witnessed in tho north. Nearly
300 miners are in actual want and so
many are sick and unable to travel that
almost the entire number are stranded.
Many will never reach the outside. I and
my partners had been away to the north
on a long prospecting tour. We were
working nearly 500 miles northwest of
Fairbanks, the nearest port on the Yu
yon. For the first 100 miles of the trip I
met few prospectors, but even these were
In hard luck. Then I came on a camp of
twenty who were in such bad shape that
they had almost to a man given up hope
01 ever reaching the river, 300 miles
away. They had no food and were then
emaciated and too weak to travel. Some
of them had managed to travel five or six
miles in the right direction, but they were
in such bad shape that they were over
come with the effort. They had stayed
In the country till they had no provisions
left and their search for gold was abso
lutely fruitless. The country they were
in when I passed through is only sparse
ly wooded and in some parts practically a
barren waste. Many of the miners were
keeping from starving to death by eating
berries and even moss. There is little
that is nourishing grow* on these wastes
in the far north v The' men were mostly.
Americans and they wanted' messages
sent to United' States authorities asking
for relief to be sent in.
'"One member of this first encampment
had died the day before I arrived. He
was a young man from New England an'd
he had' literally starved to death. For
days all he had was a. biscuit and some
shreds of dried meat, which one. of the
stranded men gave him.
"On the road further north; I met other
parties and heard of .more deaths. It
was the same story of starvation and ter
rible hardship in .the unavailing search for
gold.. I left with them all the provisions
I had except barely enough to see me
through. And I was even hungry myself
before I reached. the, posts in the Tanana
country close to the river, where I could
obtain .goods., I notified . the authorities
at these posts as I came through -and I
expect that before this, some efforts have
been made to succor tfte. .unfortunate .peo
ple. ¦ . .... •'":*¦'
"The rush to the Nazina started early
in the year. Though. they were warned,
the average prospectors took. far too little
in the line of provision's, with; them.. Their
luck was uniformly bad and. when all at
once every, one Iran 'out of, food and they
realised how far, , they any post,,
a panic resulted.*. Men started., on forced
marches to get out' of the country, and
some lost their way. "In a fortnight the
condition of affairs was. terrible. Many
are prostrated with disease and unable to.
move, even if they had good food."
DAWSON, Y. T., Aug. 1&.— Two hundred
and seventy : flve miners are face to lace
with starvation; stranded and helpless on
the trail from .the Nazina country. Five
men 'have already died from starvation
and- dozens of the remaining ones who are
trying^ to reach the Yukon River are liv
ing on nothing but berries and moss and
•whatever , they can find on the waste
north 'of the Tanana. < Such is the news
brought' to Dawson to-night by H.*Brat
nober, .one of four? passengers to arrive
by the steamer' Sarah. The. vesseT is one
of' the ' few to- arrive this year from the
lower, river and it was late this afternoon
when she tied up at; her berth.
. Bratriober's* story is as fpllows: V <
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Unfortunate Gold Seekers Are Trying
to Fight Off Death Until Assist
ance Can Be Sent to Them
From Dawson.
Returned Prospector "Tells
Story of Hardship and
Starvation.
Several Hundred Men
Are Stranded and
Helpless.
MINERS DIE
OF WANT ON
NAZINA TRAIL
POWERS UNITE IN COERCION OF TURKEY
THE SAN FBANCISCP CALL, THU.RSpAY, AUGUSTv 20, ,1903.
Secretary Hay Serves Notice That the
Colombian Courts Will Be Ignored in
Settlement of • Claims Now Pending
NO FURTHER TRIFLING
WITH BOGOTA REGIME
4A Market-street merchant has an office
boy who Is all right as a faithful, honest
little chap, but his home training has been
so good that he is by no means a good
fibber. The other day the merchant said
to the boy:
"Did you tell that awful bore who called
that I had eone to San Francisco?"*
"Yes. sir." said the" boy: "I told him
you started this" morning."
"Good boy! What did he sav?"
"He wished to know when you'd return,
sir and I told him I did not think you
would bo back until after lunch."—Phila
delphia Ledger.
Altogether Too Truthful.
Resolved, That we bow with perfect ¦ubmis
sion to the will of Almighty God; that in thft
death of Mr. English this community as well
as the State of California loses one of Its most
valued citizens; a man of rare ability and in
dustry, ever diligent and painstaking and who
by his courteous, cheerful, considerate • and
kindly manner endeared himself to all with
whom he came in contact
Resolved. That these resolutions be spread in
full on the record of the proceedings of this
board and a copy thereof be engrossed and sent
to the bereaved family of the deceased, to
whom we extend our sincere and heartfelt sym
pathy.
"Whereas, It ha» pleased Dl-rine Provldenc* to
call from our midst, la the day of his u»efal
ness. our beloved friend. "William D. Cnxliah.
a former president and recently •ecretarr
of this Board of State Harbor Commissioners;
therefore be It ' „
The State Board of Harbor Commis
sioners held Its regular meeting 1 yester
day afternoon. Little was done by the
board as nothing pressing has been
brought to the attention of the commis
sioners of late. A set of resolutions ex
pressing deep regret and sorrow at the
death of William D. English.^ former
member of the board, was Introduced by
Commissioner Klrkpatrlck and unani
mously adopted.
The chief engineer was Instructed, by
the board to prepare plans for the repair
of ferry slips 1, 4 and &. The commis
sioners looked over the plans of. the new
bridge to be erected by the Santa Fe
Railway at Third street and approved
of them. The following resolutions were
passed out of sympathy to late Commis
sioner English: .
Harbor Commissioners
Mourn for Former
Associate.
HONOR MEMORY
OF W. D. ENGLISH
"I see by the papers," remarked Mrs.'
Waggles, "that Pike County is so over
run with rattlesnakes that a bounty of a
quarter of a dollar is paid for each skin."
"That looks ; like a rather dangerous
way of making money," commented her
"But , there must be some safe way of
getting the skins.",- . .
"Yes, there is, my dear."
"How's that?"
"Wait until the snake sheds them."—'
New 1 York Times. '
* The Only Way.
Conservatism is believed to be the dis
tinguishing characteristic of Englishmen:
A young^ man ' of Bermuda, of English
descent, , now residing in New York City,
Imports : his collars : from St. George's
Town, on the island where he- was born,
not because he has any prejudice against
American-made : goods,, nor because ' he
can't get* a collar ; to /suit his r needs" in
one of the thousand or more shops where
collars . are sold here, , but simply that he
is used to, the sort that he imports. . "It's
the kind: I've always had, -y* ,know.":he
isays.by way of explanation.— Exchange. :..¦
The Kind He Always Had.
: "I saw the point, and bethought : me of
an : old" inauguration badge I. had with
me, which ; I ; had worn as chairman of
some i committee. I dug; If out of my
trunk and -pinned it on my coat. It was
about .ten inches long and three • broad
and as gaudy and tinseled as a dozen or
ders all; in one. No one knew what ' it
meant, but i it was! a decoration, and as
such \ carried me Jail, over Europe in as
fine style as If It were an ¦ emblem of the
noblest ; order • of the * old .world."—Wash
ington Post. '
"I was traveling abroad," said the re
turned, tourist, "and I noticed that In
the railway carriages, at the stations, in
the hotels and everywhere a certain class
of • travelers were paid every " considera
tion, although they spent no more money
than I did. The railway guard sprang to
open the door for them; the hotel people
gave them the best they had and every
one seemed anxious to do them honor. At
one of the big- hotels S noticed a' number
of these men who had got the best of me
at all times for several days back, and I
consulted the waiter. . , .-
" 'Why is it.' I asked, 'that , this man.
and that man, and the other man are
shown so much courtesy and attention?'
",'Ah!" said the waiter, 'they have been
decorated. One has the Legion of Honor,
the other the Golden Eagle, and that one
the ¦ Order of the Star. All gentlemen
having decorations are given the utmost
consideration/,'
Here is a story that might have come
from Secretary* Hay. Perhaps it was told
him by. the traveler In foreign lands.
SAW THE SITUATION *
AND ACTED UPON IT
ORIENTAL PERFUMES ?
NOW FASHION'S FAD
Quantities Are Being Imported for
the Ultra Set in So
• clety.
The newest of the fashions to be
brought to America are the Oriental per
fumes. These scents and smells of old
Japan are the ultra-fashion for the wo
man who cares for luxury.
Instead of violet she will smell the lotus
flower; Instead of heliotrope it will be
sandal wood; instead of lavender it is to
be ambergris.
The sachet is In Japanese paper, cov
ered with Japanese pictures. The lotus
flower water is an artistic little class
bottle covered with queer seals. Other
sachets are in little fantastic silk bags
tied at each end. The powder comes In
queer liltle books, out of which you tear
a leaf and gently rub It on your face.
The soap is wrapped in all manner of
Japanese characters, stamped on silver
foil and paper.
There may not be as dainty an odor aa
some of the better known productions,
but the queerness of them Is very effec
tive,, and will fro far toward making them
fashionable.— Cincinnati Enquirer
runs for six innings. In the seventh, with two
men on bares. Jubell tied the score with a hit
past first that rolled under - the right-field
blwichers. making it a home run. A single.
White's wild piu-h and an out gave Boston the
pame in the ninth inning. Attendance, 12,730.
Score:
i:,- iv r. h. . e.
Chicago ...a • 9 r 4
Boston „ 4 .9 \
Batteries — Whit* and Slattery; Dineen and
J. Btahl.
CINCINNATI WINS ONE
GAME A2JD LOSES ONE
NATIONAL. LEAGUE.
BOSTON. Auc. 19. — Cincinnati *hut out
the locals in the firrt garAe of a double header
to-day, but hard hitting and some luck turned
the table* in the second. Malark^y wa« hit
hard an<3 oftrn in the earlier rame. The fea
ture of the second tune wag l>onl!n's terrlflc
hit In the r.inth. although «evere lameness pre
vented him, rrotn setting more than two bags.
Attendance, 3000. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston •• 0 6 4
Cincinnati ;. 6 14 1
Batteries — Malarkey and Moran; Hahn and
Swmii rune— R. H. E.
Boston ........•..••..,......••.•.•• 4. 9 1
Cincinnati 3 10 a
Batteries— PUtin^er end Dext$r; Phillip* and
Haberer. Umpire— Johnston*.
BROOKLYN, Au*. 18. — Brooklyn and Chl
' ace. broke even In the double header here to
day, the home team wlnntng the flnst contest
and losing the second. In the flist game the
Chicago fielders gave 'Weimer wretched sup
port. The visitors made five runi In the second
inning of the last pame. but after that Garvln
(v-ttled down. Wicker started In to pitch for
Oilcaro. He was knocked out of the box in
the fifth inning. Taylor relieved him and
Brooklyn's scoring ended. Attendance, 33U0.
Kcore: .-",
Firrt came— R. H. E.
Brooklyn 6 7 2,
Chicago 2 7 6
Batteries — Schmidt and Jacklitscb; Weimer
and Klins.
Second game — R. H. E.
r-hicsijo 6 11 1
Brooklyn 5 8 1
Batteries— Wicker, Taylor and Kling; Garvln
and Hitter. Umpires — Hunst and Moran.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CLEVELAND. Auj. 10.— Cleveland woa .a
pitchers' battle from 'Washington, each team
makins only five hits. Cleveland scored la th-»
' :i-hth on abate on balls, a eteal'and two long
f!i»*. In the ninth Oochnauer scored on his
?inrle. Moore's sacrtnee and Flick's hit. At-'
tendance. 1400. Score:
£"el«d £ f E 6
"arhiagton 0 5 0
Batteries— Moore and Bernlc; Dur.kle and Klt
-r*cce.
.£,"} C , AGO ' Ao *- 39— Errors, both battery
«d fielding, **ve the vUiton a lead of thre« '
Cordell is undoubtedly Insane. He was
examined as to his sanity two weeks ago,
but not being considered dangerous, was
not committed to an asylum. He was
taken to the County Jail at Los Angeles
to-night and will be sent to the State
Hospital at Patton.
LONG BEACH. Aug. 13.— Laboring un
der the hallucination that'R. M. Lynn,
the Town Marshal, was his worst enemy,
George Cordell, a well known dairyman,
to-day attempted to wipe out the. Lynn
family, and came near killing one of its
members. While delivering milk through
the residence section of the city, Cordell
stopped his team in front of Lynn's res
idence, and drawing a revolver, began fir
ing into the house. He aimed at the doors
and windows, and his bullets went tearing
through the rooms.
Theta iiynn, hearing the shots, ran to
a window and Cordell opened fire on her,
but did not hit her. Several men were
attracted by the shots and at their ap
pearance Cordell covered them with his
revolver and ordered them to keep away.
He had fired ail the cartridges in the
weapon, howevejf. and the men closed in
on him and disarmed him. before he coufd
reload. He gave them a terrible fight, but
was finally overpowered and taken to
Jail.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The guard was at once turned out to
beat the brush and was later Joined by
the neighboring farmers, who threaten to
lynch the fugitive if they succeed in over
taking him before the soldiers accomplish
his arrest. His escape seems Impossible,
for the island is far separated from the
mainland and all the boat landings are
under close surveillance.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash.. Aug. 19.—
The Island county, comprising Whidby
Island, one of the most fertile farming
eections of Washington, is in a fever of
excitement over a murderous attack made
yesterday morning by a drunken artil
leryman from Fort Casey on the wife or
a prominent farmer. The soldier threat
ened the woman, who is an invalid, with
a razor, and dragged her by the hair to
a secluded epot. where he left her for
dead, after maltreating her. He then re
turned to the post barber shop, and after
removing his mustache to disguise him
self, decamped.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Fugitive Makes Mur
derous Attack on
Wife of Farmer.
Crazed Dairyman Runs
Amuck on Streets of
Long. Beach.
The remeasurement was made at the
request of Sir Thomas Lipton.— The dif
ference In the measurement was caused
by the lowering of .the throat halyard
block three feet, thus adding to the length
of the topmast and decreasing the sail
area..
Secretary George McCormack was asked
to-night if the measuring was the result
of any dissatisfaction on the part of Sir
Thomas Lipton with the figures obtained
by Mr. Mower.
"Not at all," said Mr. McCormacki
"simply Sir Thomas altered his boat by
lowering the throat halyard block. He
then asked , for a remeasurement and got
It. That's all."
NEW YORK, Aug. 19.-H was an
nounced at the New York Yacht
Club late to-night that C. D.
Mower, the official measurer, had
remeasured Sir Thomas Lipton's chal
lenger, Shamrock III, off Sandy Hook to
day and that as a consequence the chal
lenger will be in receipt of an additional
allowance of twelve seconds In the races,
making a total allowance of one minute
and fifty-seven seconds, against the pre
vious estimate of one minute and forty
five seconds.
The new measurement revealed the fact
that a mistake' had been made in measur
ing the length of the topmast. When
Mr. Mower ran his tape over the vessel
again to-day he found the throat halyard
block was three feet lower than . his
figures of yesterday showed. This made
the length of the topmast greater by
three feet, reducing 1 the size of the main
sail and thus decreasing the sail area.
The new measurement brings the racing
length of the Shamrock III down to 104.4
Instead of 104.77; ecual to a time allow-,
ance of twelve seconds.
"There never was any Jockeying. I do
not consider it an honest way of getting
people to bet their money. Except in a
few cases when Mr. •Fife has wanted to
sail alongside of the Shamrock I we have
always done the best we could, and I have
always wanted to see her do ifer best."
Sir Thomas, added Jokingly: "The Sham
rock III will win the first race by either
six or seven minutes. I'm not quite cer
tain which; the second race by four min
utes and a half. You will have to ask me
about the third race later."
A flood of letters, cablegrams and tele
grams reached the Erin to-day from all
parts of the world, bringing wishes' for
the success of Sir Thomas and the Sham
rock III. One cablegram came from
Images, Portugal, from Lord Charles
Beresford, saying all the officers and men
of the channel fleet sent hearty good
wishes and hoped to hear the Shamrock
III had won by a length. Other.mes
sages came from the Durban Yachting
Club of South Africa; the Yacht Racing
Association of Perth, Western Australia;
the Royal Yacht Squadron of New, Zeal
and, and from nearly every yacht club
In Canada.
Among the notables who will probably
•be guests of Sir Thomas on the Erin dur
ing the races are Adjutant General and
Mrs. Corbin; Paymaster General Bates,
U. 8. A.; Hon. Charles Russell; Captain
Brownson, commander of the Naval Acad
emy; General and Mrs. Chaffee, Mr. and
Mrs. tJohn D. Crimmlns, Mr. and Mrs. T.
A. Edison,' Mrs. Jefferson Davis Hayes
Jr. and Mrs. John A. Flagler, Senator and
Mrs. Kearns of Utah, Governor Odell;
Lady Sweetenham,- wife of the Governor
of the Straits ' Settlement; • Lieutenant
Commander Isani T. Takeshlka of the
Japanese • Navy, former Lieutenant Gov
ernor Woodruff, Commander John C.
Cameron,' captain, of the Oceanic," and
Captain McKlnstrey of the Teutonic. •
In reply to a question whether or not
there was any basis for suspicion that
the challenger had not been permitted to
show all her speed in her trials with the
Shamrock I, Sir Thomas said: • V
. receive the Earl and Countess of
Shaftsbury and others" of Sir" Thomas'
guests from the Oceanic, after which she
returned to Sandy Hook with Sir Thomas
and the party on board and lay there dur
ing 1 the night. C. Oliver Iselin, the man
aging member of the Reliance syndicate,
and his advisers passed the night on
board the Reliance's tender, Sunbeam, at
anchor near the Reliance.
When asked for a prophecy of the result
of to-morrow's race. Sir Thomas said:
"I am more- confident of winning than
ever. My confidence is shared by every
man on the fleet and other admirers of
the Shamrock III. Designer Fife is sat
isfied with the tuning up that the Sham
rock III has received and Captain Wringe
is confident." ...
NEW YORK, Aug. 19.— Sir Thomas
Lipton's steam yacht Erin came
up the harbor this afternoon to
EMPTIES PISTOL
AT YOUNG GIRL
MOB IN PURSUIT
OF ARTILLERYMAN
Shamrock Ill's Time
Allowance Is In- \
creased.
Sir ' Thomas Will En
tertain Numerous
Guests.
In neither of his previous attempts to
carry off the precious "mug" did Sir
Thomas sail . on a challenger. To-night
he was in doubt whether to sail in the
challenger to-morrow. His friends on the
Erin urged him not to do so for fear of
an accident. According to the rules the
first race will be fifteen nautical miles to
windward or leeward and return, depend
ing upon the direction of the wind. After
that . each alternate race will be over a
triangular course, ten miles to the leg.
The next race will be sailed on Saturday
and the. third next Tuesday and thereaft
er every other day until the series Is com
pleted. The winner of three out of five
will be the victor. According to the
rules if the course is not covered within
the time allowance, five and a half
hours, it is do race.
The weather prediction for to-morrow
is not alluring, the forecaster promising
a breeze of from three to nine knots. A
seven-knot breeze will be necessary to
carry the boats over the course in the al
lotted time. For the first time the chal
lenger and defender to-day sailed in'com
pany off Sandy Hook, when both boats
were taken out for final trial ppins. Some
observers thought the Shamrock III
heeled a little more and seemed to carry a
larger stern wave,
The, Reliance was, first to get away from
her mooring within the Horseshoe and
passed out by the point of the Hook at
10 a. m. There was a fine ten-knot' breeze
from the .¦ south-southeast and, sailing
close hauled, she went out through the
main' ship channel and Georges channel
to the* Sandy Hook lightship, about eight
miles, at a fast pace.
Shamrock III left Sandy Hook fifteen
minutes later and 1 , followed the defender
out through the channel to the lightship.
Both yachts carried lower sails' and club
topsails. The Reliance turned" at the
lightship and ran back toward the chan
nel, meeting the Shamrock III on the
way out. The two - yachts passed / each
other at a distance of a mile. Shamrock
III proceeded as far as the lightship, hove
to and waited the arrival of the Oceanic,
bound in, and then followed the big liner
in under mainsail a/id Jib. ; ;
The Earl and Countess of Shaftesbury,
the, latter of whom was sponsor for the
Shamrock HI at her launching, were on
board the Oceanic, and as the big steamer
passed the crew of the Shamrock cheered
the Countess. Both of the yachts re
turned to their moorings at Sandy Hook
after having been absent an hour and' a
quarter, the Reliance reaching hers about
fifteen minutes- in, advance of the Sham
rock. For the: remainder of the day b»th
boats swung at their moorings, while the
crew overhauled their, sails and got every
thing in readiness for the race..
Like greyhounds in leash, the big racers
are moored to-night inside Sandy Hook
ready for the fray to-morrow. Both were
given their final trial spins to-day. De
spite the big time allowance the defender
must concede to the challenger, the
friends of the Reliance are extremely con
fident that Sir Thomas is again doomed
to defeat. The confidence in the Ameri
can boat is reflected in the betting, where
the odds are 2 to 1 on the Reliance. The
friends of the British boat, on the other
hand, profess the greatest faith in the
ability of Fife"s latest creation to "lift
the cup." *
which ever witnessed an International
cup race will go out to witness the initial
race for the blue ribbon of the sea. *As
in the two preceding series, the Govern
ment-will police the course with revenue
cutters and the most stringent rules will
be laid down to prevent interference by
the excursion fleet with the big single
stickers.
ATLANTIC HIGHLANDS, N. J., Aug. 19. — Sir Thomas Lipton came down on the Erin
to-day. He said late this evening : "I feel more sure of beating them than I did last night.
I believe we will win without the necessity of our time allowance. I feel confident that to
morrow Shamrock III will mark the first step toward lifting the cup."
Sir Thomas said he had received cablegrams of hope that he would "lift the cup" from Ad
miral Lord Charles Beresford and Vice Admiral and commanding officers of the Channel squad
ron at Lagos, from the Natal Yacht Club at Durban, from the Royal Yacht • squadron in New
Zealand and from the Yacht Racing Association of Europe.
SIR THOMAS LIPTON CONFIDENT OF LIFTING THE CUP.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 19. — Float
quartz, containing an ounce each of gold
and silver, besides copper in paying quan
tities, has : been discovered In Marquam
Gulch, a canyon In the southern part of
the city. The 'find was made by laborers,
who were plowing potatoes' on ground
owned by Judge Marquam.
Mrs. Carrie Elwert passed over the field
and "_ noticed * some ' shining particles of
metal, which she took to J. H. Fisk, an
assayer. .. The assayer declares that the
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Portland Laborers Un
cover Deposit of .
Quartz.
GOLD DISCOVERY
WITHIN THE CITY
/ Before , the .. frigntened Mrs. Heinlck
could stop her the desperate woman fled
through the' front door and out on the
street. Her husband was merrily playing
a fiddle * in - the adjoining barroom and
when informed of what had happened he
rushed after his wife.
I He overtook her as she made a vain at
tempt to climb the stairs of their home
and caught her in his arms. The dying
¦woman 'made an attempt to speak, but
she could .not. and with a last shudder
she fell ' dead in her husband's arms.
% ¦ -• ¦
Late last night she entered the saloon
and grocery "conducted by Fred Heinlck
at 1133 Filbert street and met the wife
of the proprietor of the place in the front
part of the store. The pair stood talking
for a few moments, when suddenly Mrs.
Musgrif pulled out a bottle of carbolic
add and drained its contents. ,
Mrs. Musgrlf was 64 years of age -and
resided with her husband at 1119*4 Filbert
street. 'The home life of the couple was
unhappy, as It la said that the wife was
a victim- of -the llauor habit and every
time her' husband' chlded her a quarrel
was euro i to result. The woman had
threatened to "end h«r life" many times,
but 'no attention was paid to her threats.
While M. Musgrif was playing a popu
lar air on a fiddle In the barroom of a
North Beach saloon last night his wife
suddenly entered the place and. after say
ing a few words of farewell to a friend,
produced ' a - bottle of carbolic acid and
drained its contents. Then the unfortu
nate woman rushed to her home in the
vicinity. She was overtaken by her hus
band, who had heard of tier rash act, and
died in* his arms in the hallway of their
home. ' "
Wife Takes Poison After
x Bidding Farewell to
a Friend.
DIES IN ARMS
OF HER HUSBAND
••¦ ¦ • ¦ ¦ . • .
THE SAN FBANCISCO CAIjL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 20. 1903.
FLEET YACHTS READY FOR CUP RACES
RIVAL YACHTS WHICH MEET
TO-DAY IN FIRST OF INTER
NATIONAL CONTESTS. .
ATLANTIC HIGHLANDS, N. J., Aug. 19.— "Nat" Herreshoff said enthusiastically to
night : "We have here the best boat ever anchored inside of the Horseshoe to defend the
America's cup. I feel confident of her performance to-morrow."
Captain "Charlie" Barr said: "Win? Of course, we will win. Why, you can't find any
Shamrock money around anywhere."
On board the Sunbeam, in the absence of, Mr. Iselin, who did not return from his home at
New Rochelle until late to-night, there was no one who would express an opinion. When pressed
one of the party said : j "You surely cannot expect us to speculate on to-morrow's result- It is
YANKEE TARS EXPRESS GREAT FAITH IN THE RELIANCE.
concentrates should yield $300 to the ton.
The ground upon which the quartz was
discovered Is within half an hour's ride
of the postofflce and still nearer the city.
It is a mile within the city limit*. The
gulch has been dwelt upon and cultivated
a number of times, but the discovery
came as a complete surprise.
Assayer Flsk, who has had experience
In Oregon mines, believes that the mother
lode, from which the floating quartz came,
can be found easily, and. If so, a fortune
is awaiting some one.
The hills which Marquam Gulch drain
are of the same formation as the Cas
cades and Flsk believes that in the moun
tains a heavy lode will be found. Work
will shortly be begun on a shaft.
When the office seeks the man it usually
finds the path blazed so there will be no
excuse for its getting: on the wrong trail.
5
First of ythe, In
'..;.¦ ternational
Reliance Made a
One to Two
N ; • EW YORK, Aug. 19.— Over the
ocean race course outside San
dy Hook Sir Thomas Upton's
third challenger, the Shamrock
I III, /will try conclusions to
'"*' ¦ morrow with the new cup de
fender of. the America's cup, the Reliance.
It Is expected one of the largest crowdsGERMAN LIEUTENANT
FATALLY SHOT IN DUEL
Combat the Result of Joking at a
Farewell Dinner to a
Captain.
BERLIN, Aug. 19.— Lieutenant Kayser
was probably, fatally shot yesterday in a
duel at Allenstelh with Lieutenant Klau
enfiugel. The duel was the result of jok
ing at a farewell supper given at the
officers' casino to Captain Flege..
Classmate of Emperor.
BERLIN, Aug. 19.— Baron von Wind
helm, whom the Emperor has just ap
pointed Governor of Upper Silesia, was
a classmate of the Emperor at Bonn Un
iversity. It is well understood at court
that Von Wlndhelm Is destined for a high
place 'In the Government and his present
appointment Is . regarded as » but prelimi
nary to his entry Into the Cabinet. .
California Scenic Trips.
/Holders of G. A. R.' excursion tickets are
entitled on - presentation thereof to • the ; follow-'
Inr excursion' rates via North Shore Railroad.
Trips embrace vi«wa of buy and ocean beach,
giant redwoods,* forests and thi picturesque
Russian River: Camp Taylor, $1; Point Reyes,
$1 ; Camp Meeker, Monte ,Rlo Park, ; Mesa
Grande, $2; Duncans Mills or Cazadero, ?2 SO.
Train leaves San Francisco (Sausallto ferry) at
7:45 a. m., returns 0:40 p.* no. " •
HOTEL DIRECTORS HOLD
AJT EXCITING V MEETING
Police Officer Is Summoned and Sits
at Door Expecting to Be
Called.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 19.— There was a big
row at the meeting of the directors of
the Hotel Vendome to-day and so fierce
did the argument become that a police
officer was summoned, and for several
hours he sat at the door, waiting to be
called. Gus Lion, one of the directors,
objected to the dividend which was re
cently declared and wanted a statement
of the hotel's business. He contended
that the hotel debts should be paid be
fore a dividend. This precipitated the
trouble.
L'. Lion, a well known banker of this
tity and father of Gus Lion, "sided with
his son at the election of directors. Later
Gus Lion was. unseated as a director and
J. H. Hendry elected In his place: L.
Lion denounced the directors in, strong
terms and threatened to throw them all
out of the rQpm. i
Then It was that President Joseph
Rucker went for the police.'
Finally a recess was taken In order to
quiet things. L. Lion declared he would
ouet President Rucker and Manager Snell
from their positions.
AH the old board of directors and offi
cers were re-elected with the exception
of Lion. The Lions are the leading finan
ciers of San Jose and to-day's quarrel in
the. hotel directorate may shortly be'fol
lowed by some changes. > !
Officers Given Appointments.
MANILA, Aug. 19.— The Philippine com
mission has appointed Captain George T.
Langhorne of the Eleventh Cavalry sec
retary to the provincial government of
the Province of Moro and Captain Keller
engineer officer, both of the new ap
pointees to receive an addition of 20 per
cent to their army pay. ,
Peace Celebration.
MANILA, Aug. . 19.— Major : Robert L.
Bullard, with the assistance of the
friendly Moro chiefs. Is making arrange
ments for a grand celebration and peace
conference on the completion of the
Lanao military; road.
music. The little drummer was hardly
as big as the drum he carried.
POLICE HONOR CRONIN.
As John Cronin, veteran of the Police
Department, passed the triumphal arch.
Sergeant Wright stepped out and handed
him a handsome bouquet. The old veter
an was touched at this expression of good
feeling and wiped his tears away.
Herman Isaacs, a veteran confined at
the German Hospital, was anxious to take
part In the parade, but his condition was
such that he could not walk. He fretted
so much that the doctors feared he might
suffer a relapse. They humored the old
soldier, by having him placed in the am
bulance and with windows open he
watched the crowds x and took part In the
encampment parade. •
The sight of a youngster- leading, the
veterans of the war was novel, but when
that youngster carried a flag In one hand
and a big slice of watermelon in the other
It was even more so. . . «•',
ARMLESS VETERAN.
Fifty-four members of Farragut Post.
Vallejo. were In line. The cynosure of
all eyes, however, was Richard Dunphy,
the only armless man now receiving* a
pension * from ; the • Government! H. . D.
Richardson and Charles Green, at ope
time •'. champion broadswordsman of the/
army, held up his sleeves In order to show
that the veteran had lost both arms while
serving . the Government. *. . While serving
on the Hartford. Farragufs flagship, he
was struck by a shell fired from the ram
Tennessee. The shell took off both " his
arms and plowed a* furrow,. In his chest.
Upon recovering- he- returned home and
the girl w.ho had promised to be his wife
before he enlisted kept her promise and
they were married. Ten children axe the
result of this union. Two of his boys
The League of the Cross Drum and Fife
Corps headed the North Dakota veterans.
Each' man carried wheat stalks and they
were led ' by a man garbed In the colors
and' costume of; Uncle Sam. ¦ ;
General Shatter led the Department, of
California and Nevada. As the distin
guished soldier i rode along " he ; was con
tinually engaged bowing , to crowds who
showered plaudits upon hlm.V His recep
tion along the r line was a t veritable ova
tion and. attested, to, his, great popularity.
The members } of Lincoln ' Post carried
Springfield s and marched "as in the days
of '61. j The! Oakland- contingent was head
ed by the } boys' band of the 1 Masonic
Home. . These \ younsters discoursed good
A dozen comrades from Oklahoma were
in the v parade. ' The standard bearer car
ried aloft a / big sign which read, Ok
lahoma Wants Statehood. v
A number of wives of the Texas vet
erans ; marched with their husbands. A
handsome oalr of horns -bore aloft de
noted'the Lone Star -State. As the dele
gation: passed City Hall avenue a lfttle
woman rushed out. yelling, "There he is!"
Despite the efforts of the policeman to
stop her, the eager little woman. ran for
ward and ' threw . her , arms around the
neck ,cf ; a 4 biff Texan and^ln a moment
the woman was laughing and sobbing on
her brother' b shoulder. She had not seen
him in years and; her joy at their first
meeting caused many to smile and others
to, weep '; in sympathy. It was " only one
of the -many" incidents- of the. day.
APPEAL FOR STATEHOOD.
Of the thirteen veterans who I represented
the - Department of West Virginia two
of them were minus arms. The United
States Marine Band led the veterans from
South Dakota. The latter carried corn on
sticks and marched like a lot of young
men. . '.-'.'¦' tfKt/
WASHINGTON. Aug. , 19.— Secretary
\Root left here for New York to-day and
will *ail for Europe Friday to take his
seat as chairman of the Alaskan Boun
dary Commission, which meets In Lon
don September 3. Until the 1st of Sep
tember the War Department will be un
der the direction of. Colonel Bangers, the
Assistant Secretary,' at which time Gen
eral Oliver will succeed him.
General Corbin ieft^on the same train
with Secretary Root ana will witness the
yacht races and then make, a trip north
to the Thousand Islands and Canada.
Goes to Preside Over Meetings in
London of Alaskan Boundary
Commission.
SECRETARY ROOT READY
TO SAIL FOR EUROPE
served In the navy during the Spanish-
American war and both were wounded.
He receives a pension of H0O a month and
13 one of the leading, citizens of Vallejo.
The officers of the Government Printing
Office were loth to-day to discuss the
case, but it was learned that the charges
were mainly directed against Miller's per
sonal' character and related to acts said
to have been committed as far back as
twenty-five years ago. An official of the
Government Printing Office said Miller's
status in the office is not likely to be dis
turbed.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 19.— The contro
versy between the Bookbinders' Union
and William A. Miller, assistant foreman
In the Government Printing Office, has
broken out afresh. On Monday Public
Printer Palmer handed to Miller a set of
charges which had been prepared by the
union. Miller waa informed that, he
could take the rest of the week to reply
to them, but he sent them back to the
Public Printer yesterday with the state
ment that they were made by irresponsi
ble parties; that they were based on hear
say, and were too absurd to be consid
ered. •«
BERLIN, Aug. 13.— Lessons taught by !
the recent disaster on the Paris under- !
ground railway are being applied by the ',
Ministry of Public Works. Orders have
been issued * to the officials of the Ber- '
lln underground and overhead I railway '
to light all tunnels .by .wires wholly dis- ;
connected with the motor current and to
Install apparatus enabling train hands to :
break the traffic current anywhere and ;
thus etop trains approaching 1 the scene ;
•< an accident. The offlcials are also •
ordered to cease overcrowding cars. ,
Profit by Paris Tragedy.
EL PASO, Tex., Aug. 19.— Interest In
the investigation of the Kansas City Con
solidated Smelter by special treasury
agents was revived to-day by the an
nouncement that the Inspectors had com
pleted their work without having un
earthed any gross frauds practiced upon
the Government in the sampling of lead
ores. A few irregularities were discov
ered, but nothing of importance came to
light. : .
The disclosures in reference to the' al
leged smelter trust frauds In the pay
ments of duties on Imported ore created
a sensation here a short time ago, and
the Government storekeeper, who made
the charges, resigned in preference to aid
ing the special agents In the innvestiga
tions.. He wanted to be a member- of the
commission and claimed that without his
aid nothing would be accomplished. Or
ders came to force him to testify, but
he had already resigned. He claimed that
the purpose of the agents was to white
wash the smelter trust. . r jv," V
Inspectors Complete Work of Inves
tigating the Texas Lead Ore
Sampling Case.
FIND NO GROSS FRAUDS .
OF THE SMELTER TRUST
File Charges ' Against
the Assistant F re
man.
Chosen as Trustee to
Manage Porter Bros.
Estate.
NEW YORK, Aug. 19.— It ia expected
that at the meeting of the reorganization
committee of the United States Ship
building Company to-morrow with James
Smith Jr., receiver of the company, an
agreement will be reached by which the
receiver will be supplied with' funds for
keeping In operation the plants of the
company. In case the committee will
supply In no other way, a request will be
made for its approval of the issuance of
receivers' certificates. If this co-opera
tion is not forthcoming, no attempt will
be made to issue the certificates.
•In order to prevent cancellation of Gov
ernment contracts and the final removal
of partially constructed ships that are
being built for the Government at the
Crescent shipyards, it will be necessary
fof the receiver to -show within a week
that, he has funds -sufficient to complete
the contracts without further delay.
Special Dispatch to The Call
CHICAGO. Aug. 19.— At a meeting of the
creditors of the Porter Brothers Com
pany in Bankruptcy Referee Wean's
office to-diay a new corporation known as
Porter Brothers in Liquidation was
choeen as trustee to manage the estate
in the bankruptcy court. The bond of
the trustee was fixed at $50,000, which is
said to cover the. value of the local mer
chandise of the big fruit commission
houso, which failed several months ago.
This corporation, of which President £.
A. Potter of the American Trust and Sav
ings Bank is head, is composed • of the
largest creditors, mostly bankers. These
creditors will act as a board of directors.
They will continue the . business of the
fruit concern until they determine on a
plan for realizing as much as possible out
of the estate. The liabilUies of the com
pany are now placed at $1,500,000 and as
sets at Sl.OtW.WO. Much of the property of
the corporation is under the control of
courts in other States. A corporation uch
es has been formed is said to bt a ww
idea in the • management of bankrupt es
tates.
Fpecial DiEpatch to The Call,
Shipbuilding 1 Company
Directors May Heed
Request.
PRINTERS OPEN
FIRE ON MILLER
This resolution was howled down. Con
gressman James McLachlan delivered an
address this evening.
PASADENA, Aug. 13.— The annual
meeting of the State Afro-American Con
gress to-day refused to indorse Booker T.
Washington's sentiment that the leaders
of the colored race should keep out of
politics. J. H. L. Edmunds, editor of a
Los Angeles Democratic colored news
paper, Introduced the resolution. Booker
Washington advises the withdrawal of
leading organizations of the race from
politics In order to devote their time to
affairs more important to the colored
race's upbuilding. The resolution reads:
Resolved, That we, members of the Afro-
American Council, to be in accord' with the
policies proclaimed by. Booker T. Washington
and further for the advancement of the race,
<lo hereby cease to make one of the purposes
of this organization the promotion of the poli
tical interests of the race or In any manner
doing politics.
WILL REMAIN IN POLITICS.
Afro-American Congress Rejects Ad
vice of Booker T. Washington.
RECEIVER SMITH
ASKS FOR FUNDS
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 10.— FYank Rogers, a
teamster, received fatal injuries to-day while
driving a wagon under a dumping trap. HIh
head wes caught between the timbers of the
trap and the wagon seat, crushing, the skull.
He died within fifteen minutes.
. The greater the difficulties to be overcome,
the more (strength we shall gain, by succeed
ing. • ' ¦ j '
Every house owned, every farm well culti
vated, every bank account, every irtore opera
ted every tax receipt is one Influence which
will operate tremendously in our favor.
The negro Is not ungrateful for all the bene
fits be has received at the hands of the white
people of this country and should on every,
proper occasion not fail to express this grati
tude in no uncertain lanpuase. Hut the mere
fact that we are not easily satisfied and seek
still further opportunities of advancemont is
an indication of the value of the race. People
who are easily satisfied are people of few
wants. Wherever you find a race that ia
easily satisfied and one that has few wants,
there you will find a race that is of little value
to its country, industrially, commercially or in
any other direction. .. •. •
Mr. Washington was re-elected presi
dent of the league. -'*¦*
While we are in many cases surrounded with
disadvantages, when we compare our con
dition and opportunities with those of the Jew
In many parts of Europe It is easy to eee that
almost every opportunity denied the Jews is
open to urn.
NASHVILLE, Tenn., Aug. 19.-Some
1500 negroes, representing almost every
section of the country, assembled in the
House of Representatives at the State
Capitol this morning, the occasion being
the opening of the seventh annual con
vention of the Negro Business Men's
League. Booker T. Washington, the Ala
bama educator and-, president of the
league, was the central figure of the con
vention and his address to-night attracted
a large audience. He said: *
We shall succeed in winning our way into
the confidence t and esteem of the American
people iaet In proportion as we enow ourselves
valuable to tbs community in which we live in
ait the common Industry, In commerce, In tbe
welfare ot the State and In the manifestation
of thA highest character. The community does
not fear aa a rule the vote of the man, no
matter what bis color, who is a large tax
payer. It is not tbe nesro who owns a suc
cessful buvinero or works at a trade who is
charred with crime.
CREDITORS FORM
A CORPORATION
GEORGETOWN, Ky., Aug. 13.— In the
Powers trial to-day Henry. Broughton, the
witness who ran away and had to be cap
tured, told of going to Frankfort with the
mountaineers on July 25, 1900. After ar
riving at Frankfort he met Powers and
the defendant asked him to give him tha
r.ames of eeVeral men, one of whom could
b« Tilled on to "do the killing" or "do
the work." | He gave Powers the names
cf three men to do the shooting.
Former Senator W. J. Deboo took the
•witness Etand for the defense this after
noon. He Eaid that he went from Wash
ington to Kentucky on January 16. 1900,
and stopped at Frankfort to eee Gover
nor Taylor. He went on to Louisville and
attended the Gait House meeting of lead-
Ing Republicans, at which the contest
was finally discussed. Taylor never in
formed him of his purpose to have a
mountain array of petitioners to go to
Frankfort, nor did h» any meet-
Ings at Frankfort. He denied vigorously
ever having had any conversation with
the convict. Henry Youtsey. in which
esy reference "was mr.de to taking the
life of William Goebei. He left Frank
fort the night of the da/ before the shoot
ing, returning to Washington to talk to
tteslient JIcKinley about the Kentucky
dtualon. He had already asked the
Preslient ond other prominent men of
both parties at Washington, he 6aid, to
exert. a moral influence on the Kentucky
Demcrta-ata to abandon the contest. Later
he afked the President to send Federal
troops to Kentucky, Governor Taylor
havini; urged It In a telegram after the
killing of Gocbel. He said that he saw
uothlrg disorderly in the mountain
ennrd at Frankfort on January 2\ 1900.
OYSTER BAY, L. I., Aug. 19.—Ques
tions of national concern were discussed
to-day by. the President with several
callers: Currency legislation, the Pan
ama, canal situation, the work of the ex
traordinary session of Congress and Fed
eral appointments were among the topics
under consideration. , "¦•,».
Senator Kearns of Utah talked with
the President about the probable date of
the extraordinary session of Congress,
urging him not to call it until after the
October elections.
Later in the day the President received
a call from John A. Schleicher, . editor
of Leslie's Weekly and H. H. Kohlsaat
or Chicago. Schleicher discussed with
the President the reform movement in
Chiria. and the threatened punishment of
the Shanghai editors who were advocates
of the reform. He recalled that only re
cently the whole civilized world, was
shocked by the frightful death penalty
inflicted upon one of the native editors
by orders of the Empress Dowager.
Other reformers are threatened with sim
ilar penalties. An appeal was made to
the foreign legations at Peking on be
half of the editors. Thus far only the
Governments of Great Britain and Japan,
it Is understood, have protested against'
the punishment of the editors. , President
Roosevelt said he had heard nothing of
the affair, but promised to investigate
it at once.
Kohlsaat talked to Roosevelt about the
proposed currency legislation.
Editor Makes Appeal on Be
half of the Chinese
Reformers.
Henry Broughton Tells of
Meeting With the.Ac
cused Man.
Declares Colored Man Must
Show His Value to
Community.
I— O— w— A.
Whenever the volumn was ¦ delayed
Thomas Fireside, one of the veterans, en
tertained the spectators by singing "Yan
kee Doodle" with verses »f his own make.
; Cook'g Denver band .and drum' corps
created a fine Impression by their play
ing and marching. ¦ : These young men
headed ; the Department • of Colorado and
played all th« way. On Market street
they played "Onward, Christian Soldiers,?
and as the j drummers j arid bandsmen kept
perfect \ time they ' formed ' into , a cross
and moved up the thoroughfare. • The
Colorado representatives sang "Marching
Through Georgia." .Behind them camo
the Kansas veterans.\ ,The leader, f A.* W.
Smith," wore an immense ' sunflower on his
breast and every ..man in the 'delegation
wore a sunflower in: the lapel of his coat.
They sang "John Brown's Body" as ; they
marched. r/.The Minnesota contingent wore
sheafs of wheat In their hats and car
ried "loaves ', of • bread I on poles. Ransom
Post of Missouri- made v a fine appearance
to | their blue \ uniforms and white ; spats.
. The Iowa representatives marched 1 323
strong. » Every veteran carried a sheaf of
wheat and as they moved along the
street they kept- step with their cry:
Hurrah, hurra, '"
Corn and hay,' '
We are the men from
One veteran in the Nebraska contin
gent proved himself an old campaigner.
He carried a campstool under his! arm
and every time the long column came
to a halt he would give the signal > to
pause and with dignity he would unfold
his campstool and seat himself. He look
ed so comfortable while seated under the
triumphal arch that one of his .comrades
fanned him. This action caused the spec
tators to laugh. Another veteran,, flifding
his shoes too tight, removed them and
slung them over his broom and marched
through the streets In his stocking feet.
This navel sight caused many smiles, but
the visitor from the pine woods of Michi
gan took no heed of the good natured
chaffing he received. A number of vet
erans were forced to leave the, ranks, at
the, safety station by reason of "their fee
bleness. They occupied the stone seats
and watched their comrades j pass, - ex
changing comments and applauding the
marchers. ; .•/¦¦¦
AN OLD CAMPAIGNER.
Probably the most striking incident of
the entire procession was the appearance
of two veterans from Virginia and North
Carolina, two States that seceded in 1861.
These lone representatives of, the Union
cause m.irched arm In arm "and wero
heartily cheered. - : C> "v >;
The advance guard, ot- the Department
of Rhode; Island were tattired in white
duck r.nd made a striking, appearance.
The Vermonters looked striking in their
evergreen adornments. There were many
in lino and the men from the maple su
gar State were loudly cheered. Seven
veterans carried letters which when read
in a line spelled out the nameof their
State. %
. M. \V. Cartwright, Chief of Police of
New. York, was mounted on Chief Witt
man's splendid horse, which the latter
loaned to the visitor. Chief Cartwright
keenly watched the manner in which the
local police handled the crowd and was
generous in his praise of the department.
John S. Coster was in - charge of the big
representation from the Empire State.
At the head of the Connecticut contin
gent was a standard bearer, who carried
a huge nutmeg. Behind him came a big
delegation. Many of the veterans carried
flowers which were presented to them
during the march by members of New
England societies who reside here.
Jerry Struntz, a veteran who haila'from
Pasadena, a member of the New York
regiment, ¦ waited in a wheel chair to ac
company his comrades. Just as he was
being wheeled into line, the rubber tire
on his front wheel became dislodged and
for a few minutes it looked as if Struntz
would.be unable to appear in the parade.
A .bicycle expert in. -the crowd repaired
the wheel in quick time., -land happy
Struntz was wheeled along by. his com
rades. He was showered with bouquets
and he generously turned them over to
his comrades. . . •
At the, right of the first arch stood an
old lady 5 . She leaned against the wire
and won: the hearts of every one near
her by her kindly, nature. Even the big
blue-coated policeman exchanged chaff
with her and made her comfortable. The
old lady held a silken flag and as .the
brave boys of 1S61 passed her, she re
membered that her husband was one of
them and that her brothers had fought
under Old Glory and she waved the flag:
and smiled with happiness. Her cheeks
were stained with tears, but she did not
mind that people were looking at
All she wanted to do was to hare a
chance to express her feelings for the old
soldjers. They in. return gazed at her
silvery hair and her. sweet . face, and
raised their hats to her In salute.
\ PATRIOTIC OLD LADY.
1 Commander Edward Walton led the
[Ohio delegation. There were nearly 500
• rfen In line. First came the members ef
'Brooklyn/ Post No. 26S, with, 53 men in
i line, and' commanded by G. G. Burlin
fgame. An immense buckeye carried by
; one of the \ standard bearers told what
' State was on the march. The Third Ar
tillery band of the Presidio,- under the
leadership of Armand Putz., discoursed
patriotic music. The bandsmen captured
the prize for marching at the notable
I competition held in Salt Lake City a few
years ago and- the crowds easily distin
guished them to be regulars by the man
ner, in which they stepped out.
•-Memorial Post was headed by a pretty
little girl who rode a hdrse. On the. back
,of the maiden was a shield, containing
a splenuld ' picture of the late President
McKInley and surrounding the likeness
were medals and other trophies belonging
to her father. The members of the Me
morial Post carried red, white and blue
banners, and as they marched they sang
"John Brown's Body. 1 -', Mayor Warren
Olney or Oakland marched with this post
and he was recognized by many during
the march. Brooklyn Post, Addison Post,
Trescott Post No. 10 and Walcott Po3t
had many representatives In line , and
they made a creditable showing 1 .
A3 the veterans passed under tho arches
they raised their hats and remained un
covered until they had cleared the struc
tures. One member of the executive com
mittee said: "That certainly repays us
for all the trouble we took in building
the triumphal arches."
CAREY A BUCKEYE:
ond Corps, at Frederlcksburg arid Chancellors
ville. under General John Gibbon.
Sixty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry, the Irish
flag-, and tbe Seventy-first Pennsylvania Infan
try, was known as 'Baker's California Regi
ment, organized by Senator J3. P. Baker, killed
at Balls Bluff. Both of thefe regiments served
In the Second Corps under General Hancock,
Army of the Potomac and held tha stone wall
during Plckett's charge at Gettysburg as part
of the Philadelphia Brigade.
Ninety-ninth and One Hundred and Four
teenth Pennsylvania Infantry were with the
Third Corps Army of the Potomac, under Gen
eral Dan Sickles at Gettysburg, clear down to
the surrender of Lee *
Ninetieth, Ninety-first and One Hundred and
Twenty-flrsfc. Pennsylvania ' Infantry and
Twelfth Pennaylvanla. KeBerves were part of
the Fifth Corps Army of the Potomac, under
Meade and Reynolds Another Fifth Corps
flag la the One Hundred and Eighteenth Penn
sylvania Infantry which had the honor to be
part of the brigade under Chamberlain, who re
ceived the surrender of the Army of North Vir
ginia at Appomattox.- - • ¦-
The One Hundred and Fourth Pennsylvania
Infantry was with the Army of the Potomac
on the peninsula campaign, with the Eighteenth
Corps in South Carolina and with the -Tenth
Corps. Army of the Potomac. ..
Hartranffs Division headquarters flag. Isinth
Corps, was at the head of this splendid division
when Gordon broke the lir.es at Fort btead
man. in front of • Petersburg and drove them
back
Former Senator a Wit
ness for the De
fensa-
Booker; T. Washington
Addresses Negro
Convention.
President Discusses Na
tional Topics With
Callers.
VISITORS BROACH
STATE QUESTIONS
URGES INDUSTRY
UPON THE RACE
DEBOE TESTIFIES
IN POWERS CASE
¦.,. THE SAN FBANCISCO QALLy TklTRSDA 1903.
Continued " From Page 2, Column 7.
Grand Army
of Republic
on Parade
6
¦BHBBMHflBHBHUUB
ONE BOTTLE CURES, g
.fVIk McBurnjay's 1
fW KIDNEY]
Wm& : and I
I BLADDER CURE |
I Certain and thorough cur* for pals* la I m
n the small of the back. Irritation of U>» =
2 .bladder. Brlght'« dUaasa. . female trou-,"
I bias, incontinence of urine. brlctc"du3t . D
¦ depoalt. bed wetttnr of children, travel. *•
£2 Kali atones, thick, turbid frothy urln«. mm
B dropsy, dlabetei and rheumatism. J,
_. Send 23c for fiv« days' treatment and if
¦ ret relief In 20 minutes. ... ?
0 Kidney, and Biadder Cure.... $150 m
g~ Liver and Blood Purifier... $123 S
¦ : ¦; . _.... . •. -- - B
* FOB SALE BT AZiZ. SBUQOZST8 ¦
¦ W. F. McBTTBatST, Sol^Mfr," 2
¦ 826 S. Spring St, Xioa Aas/tlcs. CaL 1 ¦
BBBflBflBBflflBflBBBBBBBBflS
il^li^llf A GREAT "BRYSOR" " "...^:.^ \
I LADY IN BLACK. I
| . It would be advisable to place orders for THE SUNDAY CALL L |
g )38( at once with your local agent or newsdealer, as they are selling ->)§§( %
§ * s like hot cakes and the supply is limited. & &.&&'<& ;' |
I -TRAIN NEWS AGENTS AND ALL NEWSDEALERS SELL THE CALL 1
I , Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents. ;§
I THEY ARE FRAMING THE CALL ART. SUPPLEMENTS 1 1
§ ¦ The Following Art Dealers Are Making a Specialty of Framing Call Art Supplements: • s
8 SACRAMENTO— Hevener, Mler & '. street; Gage's art store. 609 East Main SAN DIEGO— W. P. Fuller & Co.," 71 g
Q Co., 615 J street: C. N. Davis, book street; Weber's art store, 425 East F street. . -¦«.- 8
& Btore/817 K street. Main street. FKESNO— Sronce & Dick. * • 8
§ PETALUMA-H. S. Gutermute, J. MARYSVILLE— G. W. HalL REDDING— W. H. Bergb, "Bergh »
S M. Wyckoff. OAKLAND— E. J. Saake. 13 Tele- Furniture Company": T. J. Houston, 8
S SAN JOSE — George Denne, M. Len- graph avenue: A.- A. Barlow. 369 Houston Furniture Company. 8
* ten & Son. Twelfth street. / , REDWOOD CITT— W. L. Kline. Q
g . STOCKTON— Morris Bros.* book ALAMEDA— C. P. Magagnbs.' 1358 SANTA CRUZ— H. E. Irish. Cooka g
« «tore, 20 North El Dorado street; Park street. Bros., F. R. Hew. George Hoban. 8
g Stockton Racket store, 711 East Main CHICO— Fetttrs & Williams. JACKSON— E. G. Freeman Co.- <3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Elcctro-Chcmic
Quick Cures
BtSa^il*^ \'^^^^^^^^^^^: ? ' ¦* + "''«&%&
»iii. tj. KOWJHEUQ. 1?>55 Pine Ktretsu
Mr. Kordberg ears: "After years of Buffering
from £atarrh and Khetjmatlmn and after epend-
lsjr a email fortune for doctors and medicines
m-ithout any benefit, ElectrO-Chemlstry has
cured me In less, than a month and the expense
has been almost nothing when lhe wonderful
results are considered.
"My rheumatism by weakening my knees al-
most Incapacitated roe for .work, but now I. can
do my' heavy work as cable splicer on the
Butter-street line without the least inconveni-
ence. I am glad to recommend this 'wonderful
new treatment to others and will be glad to
**"* a .? y one . who *¦ specially interested in my
Blcned) E. NORDBERG.
• 1555 Pine street. Ban Francisco," CaL
CONSULTATION ~r- fT% W~ fT •
X-RAY EXAMINATION I 1% L t •
Specialties — Consuxn p tlon, Catarrh,
Bronchitis, Asthma, Cancers, Tumor*.
Deafness, Head ana Ear Helses, Rheu-
matism, Paralysis, Heuralyia, Piles,
Diseases of the Stomach, Liver, Kid-
neys and Bowels. Special Diseases of
BCea and Women. All Chronic Diseases.
Electro- Ghemic institute,
118 GB.AHT ATE., Cor. Post St.,
SAS FBAXCXSCO.
Separate Apartments I or Ladles "and
tentlemen. iPrisoner Attempts Suicide
WOODLAND, Aug. 19.— Fred Gyson. a
prisoner at the city Jail, made a desperate
attempt this evening to commit suicide.
He cut a deep gash in the left side of his
throat ¦with a ruEty razor, but did not
sever the Jugular vein. He may live.
Gye*m was arretted last night by Officer
Tobias on suspicion of being insane. He
la a Etranger here.
DOWIE'S FOLLOWEKS
WILL GO IN FORCE
Railroad Men Are Informed That at
Least 4000 Persons Will
Join Expedition.
: CHICAGO, Aug. 19.— Passenger repre
sentatives of Eastern roads received . no
tice to-day that when John Alexander
Dowle's expedition starts for New York
October. 14 at least 4000 persons will have
to be moved instead of 2400, as originally
announced. ¦
• Special rates of one fare for the round
trip have been granted by the railroads
from nearly all the Western States to
Chicago and from ¦ contiguous territory to
all of the large cities between Chicago
and' New York. The movement will be
the largest of its kind to take place In a
single day in the history of the railroads.
Strike of .Carmen Is Postponed.
SEATTLE, Aug. 19.— The Street Car
men's Union to-day determined to await
the return to the city of President Jacob
Furth of the Seattle Electric Company,
who has promised to arbitrate the differ
ences between the company and the em
ployes. ¦ The , decision of the men was
urged by- Mayor .Humes and. the -City
Council. Furth will return in about ten
days from the Yellowstone Park.
EUREKA, Aug. 19. — Tevis and Coburn of
San Francisco are the prime movers . in the
establishment here of a brick factor^. The
brick is to be manufactured from beach sand
mixed with ordinary lime. This brick, has
been manufactured and used in Germany for
the past fifty years. ¦ .
Extra Sausalito Boat.
Dally August 17th to 22d inclusive an extra
boat will leave San Frandacoat 10:30 p. m. for
Sausalito, San Rafael, Mill Valley and inter
mediate points. Last boat leaves at 11:45
p.m. • • ~: ./ '\ * -
Varnetta ;has been superintendent : of
wiring and electrical , construction -and
George S. Ames is superintendent of the
mechanical department -and the . ferry
boats.
Hopewell's sanitary linen mesh suspen
sory,' cleanly, comfortable, cheap, 2 for
75 cents. ; 40 .Ellis street, rooms 3-4. . •
Neighbors Fail to Appreciate the In
artistic Decoration of Their
Fences With Bed Paint.
SAN JOSE, Aue. 19.— A bucket of red
paint and the mischievousness of two
boys has caused a tumult in East San
Jose. The lads, Al Verser and Jack Stout,
after finding the paint, visited the barn
of J. Garcia and painted one side of 1L
A horse and goat belonging to Garcia
were also pair.ted a bright carmine. D.
richer, who lives across the street, was
their next victim. His fence was given
a carmine hue and decorated with such
signs aa "Goat eggs for sale here" and
"Here is the place to buy your prune
peed."
FiFher had Verser arrested for malicious
mischief, but did not complain against
Stout.
When brought before Justice "Wallace
to-day young Verser had a black eye. was
badly bruised and was walking on
<-rutches. He said Fisher had beaten him. ;
and he swore to a complaint charging
Fisher with battery.
Stout Is busy whitewashing to oblit
< rate the red paint they put on the barn.
He will scrub Garcia's horse and goat
with sand soap to get the carmine coat
off them.
FRANKS OF YOUNG BOYS
LEAD THEM INTO TBOTJBLE
The failed bank is officered by well
known men, the published list of direc
tors Including ex-Governor J. S. Hogg.
R. Oliver, J. S. Culllnan, at the head of
a b'lg Texas oil company; R. E. Brooks
and E. J. Marshall. R. Oliver, who Is
president of the bank, is connected with
a number of banks throughout the State-
He denied himself to- all save Intimate
friends to-night. Governor Hogg to-night
said he was not- a director; he had been
elected but had not accepted the place."
He gave his own losses as "several thou
sand dollars." '::';
The bank was opened for business May
31, 1901. The capital stock was 5100,000
and the deposits have ranged in the
neighborhood of $500,000 until recently.
The other banks In the city were pre
pared for the collapse. Their officers
state that they have provided for any
emergency that may arise to-morrow
when the fact of the suspension becomes
generally known. They say no other
bank will be affected by the failure.
BEAUMONT. Texas, Aug. 19.— The.Cit-
Ize"hs* National and Savings Bank was
closed this afterFdbn by Bank Examiner
Logan, who had been here for several
days looking over the affairs of the in
stitution. Examiner Logan positively re
fused to say anything concerning the
status of the bank's affairs except that
he had prepared a statement for the
comptroller of the currency. It Is ru
mored on the street that the bank has a
large sum in paper which is alleged to
be practically worthless. It is also stated
that there is $200,000 in overdrafts.
Beaumont Bank Closed
by Examiner
Logan.
Yolo Will Exhibit at State Fair.
WOODLAND, Aug. 13.— Yolo County
will'make a creditable exhibit at the Stat«
Fair In Sacramento. The necessary fund*
have been appropriated by the Board of
Supervisors and the committee appointed
on the exhibit for the World's Fair at St.
Louis, the latter advancing $300 with th«
understanding that they get exhibit at
the State Fair after the close thereof.
SANTA Aria. Aug. 19. — Ramon Cooper.
aged 18. of Yorba was to-day held to answer
to the Superior Court on the charge of murdtr
la connection with the d<?ath of his companion.
Leonco Yorba. last wet-k In the iourse of
a quarrel. The boys were wrestling and It t»
thought Coopft- meant no bodily injury to hla
opponent.
Rumored Strike Upsets
Trans-Mississippi
Congress.
Soldiers Drill on Outpost Duty.
SANTA CRUZ,' Aug. 19.— At Camp
Stone to-day the soldiers had drill in out
post duty. Lieutenant Colonel Forbes
commanded the regiment. A company
was detailed outside the camp, with in
struction to try to enter." Only one man
succeeded, he being a mountaineer and a
member of the Nevada City Company. A
ball was given in the evening at Dolphin
pavilion in honor of the regiment. On
Friday a sham battle will take place near
Sea Bright. The Hospital Corps will give
an entertainment to-morrow night at
camp.
Will Boycott Livery Stables.
STOCKTON,- Aug. 19.— The Federated
Trades to-night placed a boycott on all
the livery stables of the city, to take ef
fect to-morrow noon. The men demand
that the hours be cut from fifteen to
fourteen and that some of them receive
50 cents a day additional. The old agree
ment existing between the union and the
employers expired on the 1st of this
month and the employers failed to renew
the agreement. .
Veteran Is Slowly Burned to Death.
NAPA, Aug. 19.— George A. Mower, a
veteran who lived alone about a mile
from Callstoga, met with a terrible death
Tuesday morning. He * was suddenly
stricken^ by paralysis and fell across a
hot stove. There was no one to render
him assistance and he slowly burnea to
death.
Fort Huachuca to Be Improved.
TUCSON, Ariz., Aug. 19.— A Star special
from Fort Huachuca says that word has
been received at the fort from the War
Department to the effect that the depart
ment has set aside $450,000 for improve
ments at Fort Huachuca. It is intended
to make Huachuca the military headquar
ters for the Territory.
First of Salmon Fleet.
The ship Star of Russia, Captain Llndberg.
arrived last night after a twenty days' voyage
from Karluk, Alaska. The vessel brought down
26.0C9 cases of salmon for the Alaska Packers'
Association. The ship is the first of the sal
mon fleet to return from the north. There
were three women on board . as cabin passen
gers. The officers report. a fair passage and
nothing eventful occurred on the trip. From
the size of the Star of Russia's cargo the sal
mon catch in the northern waters will be up
to the average. ,~ '
SEATTLE, Wash., Aug. 19,— The pro
ceedings of the second day's session of
the Trans-Mississippi Congress was brok
en off with a Jar this afternoon when
John Henry Smith of Utah, who was pre
siding temporarily, raised Ms hand for
order and announced that the women In
the hall had better hurry to the city, for
there was a rumor that the streetcar men
were gojng out on strike at 4 o'clock.
Five minutes later the hall was cleared,
not only of women, but of men as well.
Thurman G. Palmer was in the middle
of an able paper telling about the Phil
ippines when the announcement of the
possible strike was made.
Before the hall was entirely deserted,
one delegate had the presence of mind
left to make a motion to adjourn, but no
one stayed long enough to vote on the
question. Mr. Smith declared the motion
carried, however.
Though official action had not been
taken, it is understood that the next ses
sion of the Congress will be held In St.
Louis during the World's Fair. Richard
C. Kerens, the Republican leader of Mis
souri, was unanimously elected president
for next year. A. L. Black of Whatcom,
Wash., was named as first vice-president;
Walter Gresham of Galveston, who is pre
siding over the present Congress, was
selected as second vice-president; Hon.
John Caulfleld of St. Paul, third vice-pres
ident; C. B. Booth of Los Angeles, fourth
vice-president; George B. Harrison of
Kansas City was re-elected as treasurer,
and Arthur Francis of Cripple Creek,
Colo., was re-elected secretary.
The Congress was called to order short
ly after 10 o'clock this morning and an
invocation was pronounced by Rev. Dr.
Matthews. Hon. Edward F. Harris ad
dressed the assembly upon "The Port of
Galveston— Child of the Trans-Mississippi
Commercial Congress."
He was folowed by Major Millis, En
gineer Corps, U. S. A. Major Millis chose
as his topic, "The Navigable Waterways
in the State of Washington." Hon. John
Barrett, Minister to Argentina and re
cently commissioner general to Asia for
the Louisiana Purchase Exposition, next
spoke on "The St. Louis World's Fair and
Its Relation to Trans-Mississippi Trade
With the Orient."
At the afternoon session after the intro
duction of resolutions the discussion of
"Irrigation," presided over by Hon.
George H. • Maxwell, ... chairman of the
National Irrigation Executive Board, was
commenced. This »vas followed by an ad
dress by Chairman Maxwell on "The
Future of the Great Northwest," and an
address by Hon. F. H. Newell, Depart
ment of tfle Geological Survey, on "Irri
gation."
Hon. C. B. Booth of Los Angeles, chair
man of the executive council of the Na
tional Irrigation Association, then ad
dressed the Congress.
Hon. Truman Palmer, secretary of the
National Beet Sugar Association, spoke
on "The Philippines."
.The. pressure of sap rising from a grape
vine root has been found equal to sustain
ing a column of mercury, three and a half
feet high.
Trips to Doints of interest near San
Francisco. See the large sign at 613 Mar
ket street, giving a list of the places of
interest on the Southern Pacific which
can be seen in a few hours at trifling
cost. It will save you money and time.
G. A. R. . Excursions.
England's Old Married Folk.
One of the most curious tables in 'the
recently published census v summary, is
that which gives the respective ages of
all the married couples in the kingdom.
From this we ascertain that there is at
any rate one husband of 95 years who has
a wife of 21, while three husbands rang
ing in age from 85 to 95 have secured
wives at 25. Elderly' wives and youthful
husbands are rarer, and the greatest dis
parity In this direction is between a wife
of 65 yearsand her husband of 20. .The
oldest couple in the list are aged 100 and
95 years, respectively, while the youngest
pair have only numbered 16 and. 15 sum
mers respectively.— London Chronicle.
New Matron for Roble Hall.
STANFORD . UNIVERSITY, Aug. 19.—
The appointment of a new matron for
Roble Hall, the young women's dormi
tory, has been awarded io Mrs. 1*. B.
Wright of Pueblo, Colo. She will suc
ceed Miss Lillian Ray, Stanford, '97, who
has -held' the position for the last five
years, but gave It up to go abroad. The
duty of the matron is to act as chaperon
for the hundred or more women students
living In Roble Hall. Mrs. Wright Is
'the mother , of Irene A. Wright, editor
in chiefs of the Sequoia, the bimonthly
literary magazine published by the stu
dents.
Believes Infant Was Smothered.
SAN JOSE, Luc. 19.— The body of a
male, infant was founa to-day under the
bridge at. the junction of the Gish and
Alviso roads. Coroner Kell believes the
infant was smothered to death.
DELEGRTES RUSH
FROM THE HALL
When the airbrakes were applied and
the wheels stopped at Mill Valley an ova
tion awaited those on board. From high
Tamalpais red fire burned and cast a
ruddy glow over the mountain top.
Everybody in the pretty little place was
Engineer Charles E. Stocker was at the
controller and Conductor George Lewis
was in charge of the train. From the
time the power was turned on the tars
moved smoothly considering the speed at
tained, and the stretch of country to Mill
Valley was covered In less than nine min
utes. There was not a single hitch or in
cident that would bring disappointment
to the company or to those who have con
ducted the work. Nor has there been any
thing of this nature since the first car
was sent over the rails lafet Saturday. The
train rode like a flash and as steadily as
a yacht In placid waters. The rumble
and jar that usually attend transporta
tion were not there. Nothing more per
fect than the operation of this train could
have been expected.
When the San Francisco party arrived
last night a train of five newly construct
ed cars was awaiting them at the ferry.
Among those who boarded tho train were
General Manager W. R. Rank, Assistant
Superintendent E. L. Braswell, General
Passenger Agent George W. Heintz, the
Boards of Trustees of San Rafael, Sausa
lito and Mill Valley and many railroad
and business men from the city. A sort
of generaj Invitation was then extended to
residents along the line and before "all
aboard" was shouted fully 200 passengers
occupied seats. President Johq 3 Martin
was unable to make the trip.
A PERFECT TRIAL TRIP.
For the last year and a half the work
of transforming the North Shore road
from a steam line to an electrical one be
tween San Rafael and Sausalito has been
In progress. A. H. Babcock. a man, of
wide experience and- knowledge of electric
roads, was placed in charge, and to him
is due most of the credit for the good re
sults that attended the maiden trip last
night. Babcock superintended the con
struction of the power-house, as well as
that of the road. He had new Ideas re
garding what was practical In undertak
ings of this sort and all of his plans
worked out so well that the road is con
sidered one of the most excellent of its
kind in the world. ¦
¦ - *^ LECTRICITY as a factor in gen-
I j eral railroading was introduced
|\ into California for the first time
H *g] ast night. A train of five cars,
propelled by electric power and
laden with officials and Invited guests,
rode smoothly and swiftly over the rails
of the North Shore Company from Sau
salito to Mill Valley, and the trial was a
success In every particular. To-day reg
ular trips will be made over the com
pleted track and within one month steam
locomotives will be a thing of the past
between Sausalito and San Rafael.
The road will employ Its old engineers
as motormen.. The reason given- for this
is that they are acquainted , with trie
road and understand' the operation of the
air brakes perfectly. Each has' been
given thorough instructions, and many
are already competent. Many applica
tions for positions were made by San
Francisco streetcar, men but they were
rejected and the company will adhere
strictly to this rule. The equipment of
the road has been increased by 9. motor
cars and 25 new coaches and there are
more .to come. One of Babcock's most
capable assistants in s the work, of "con
struction was W. W. Mason,, formerly
with the Boston Elevated Railroad. He
is now foreman of the car shops. Frank
ENGINEERS AS MOTORMEN.
The road itself is a beauty. A third
rail runs adjacent to the track and this,
fed every 60 yards by aluminum wires,
contributes the fluid that operates the
train. The third rail is raised from the
ground and touches rods that extend from
the trucks of the cars. At crossings this
rail is so protected that no one may be
injured by It. In the open the road Is
fenced and large sign boards announce
the danger of trespassing . on the road
bed. The introduction of aluminum wire
as a conductor of the current is new but
Babcock is positive that it is preferable
to copper wire. Until the road enters
San Rafael, which will ha within .four
weeks, the narrow gauge trains will con
tinue to run to Sausalito. „
Each train is composed of five broad
gauge coaches. The first and last cars
are each equipped with two one- hundred
twenty-five horsepower motors which op
erate at the same time, giving five hun
dred horsepower to the train. Injury to
one machine would not affect the others
and there are controllers and air brake
equipments on each end of both cars.
Every device known to electrical . science
has been adopted on the cars and nothing:
was overlooked in making the rolling
stock the finest of its kind. There will
be little change In the time table of the
company except that trains will run
faster and more frequently.
EXCELLENCE OF THE ROAD.
After a fifteen minutes' stop the train
returned to Sausalito. where more gruests
were taken on board, and then the trip
was made to the powerhouse at Alto. A
steam train, placed at the disposal of the
visitors by . the company,, covered the
ground, from the main line to the house.
For, half an hour* those present listened
to an explanation of. the manner in which
the power was received and utilized, and.
inspected the works. The electricity for
use of the line is supplied from Yuba
River. 160 miles distant, by the Bay Coun
ties Power Company. Forty thousand
volts reach Alto on three wires, and this
immense quantity Is first reduced to a
voltage of 5000 on three transformers, and
a direct current of 500 volts, which sup
plies the trains, is produced by three mo
tor generators. To overcome the Jar and
loss that might occur when trains are
stopped and started the electric fluid is
gathered Into a storage battery room,
consisting of 288 large cells. When
charged this battery has a capacity of
supplying power for the road from twen
ty to thirty minutes should anything
happen to the motors or machinery.
In the event that the power from Yuba
Hiver should be turned off . there is a
steam engine capable of operating two
large dynamos — one of 700 horsepower and
the other of 1300— that no hindrance to
traffic shall occur. Fire is one of the.
worries of those who have charge of
powerhouses. To avoid this the switch
rooms are practically sealed vaults en
tered by manholes in which any blaze
might be confined. The entire building is
subdivided by terra cotta walls and the
roof is of slate. In the tower where the
terrific current enters there is a light
ning arrester, and every precaution has
been taken against fire. The connections
with the Yuba power plant will not be
made for about two days. At present the
electricity is generated by dynamos ope
rated by the stationary engine. The whole
thing was designed, by Babcock with a
view to safety, and so fine has his calcu
lation been that but V£ per cent of the
power is lost after It reaches the power
house and passes through the transform-*
ers. -,;•'., • -
VISIT POWER-HOUSE.
out in summer regalia, and, at the top of
their voices, shouted a welcome to the
new order of things and cheered for mod
ern progress. Glowing and fantastic lan
terns were stretched across the avenues
and locomotive whistles screeched above
the general tumult. When the passengers
had landed, congratulations to the rail
road people were In order and were given
in profusion.
VAL.LEJO. Aug. 13.— This morning Com
mandant McCalla telephoned the Coroner
that a body had been washed ashore at
the navy yard. The body was later iden*
tlficd as that of Chief Machinist Hansen,
who was drowned off the yacht Heine
August 9. Shortly afterward th« body
of Mr. Wilson, who was drowned at the
same time, was discovered. The remain*
of all those drowned in the Heine disas
ter, four in number, have been recovered.
Bodies of Yacht Victims Recovered.
Edward M. Piercy of this city. Andrew
J. Piercy. and Mrs. Marshall of San Fran
cisco are children of deceased. She is also
the grandmother of Miss Viola Piercy, a
prominent young society woman of San
Francisco. The latter's father was Samuel
J. Piercy, son of Mrs. Piercy, <and a well
known actor. Samuel Piercy married a
daughter of the Dunphys of San Fran
cisco and at his death a fierce legal battle
waged between Mrs. Mary Piercy and the
Dunphy family for possession of the child.
The Dunphy family was finally victorious.
A short time ago Mrs. Piercy deeded
1200 acres of land, valued at $30,000, near
this city, to her son, E. M. Piercy. An
drew Piercy tried to have his mother de
clared incompetent and brought suit to
have the deed to E. .M. Piercy set aside.
This case was decided a few days ago in
favor, of E. M. Piercy.
Mrs. Piercy owned much valuable prop
erty in San Francisco.
SAN JOSE; Aug. 19.— Mrs. Mary Piercy,
a wealthy pioneer woman of this county,
died at. the home of her son, .Andrew J.
Piercy, 3543 Twenty-third street, San
Francisco, this evening. She had been ill
but a short time, and-her death was not
expected. Mrs. Piercy was 84 years "old.
She was the widow of Edward Piercy, a
pioneer of this county, who left an estate
valued at nearly $500,000.
Her Death Recalls a Fierce Legal
Battle for Possession of a
Grandchild.
MES. MARY PIERCY DIES
RATHER- UNEXPECTEDLY
The present prices are set by the mill
ers, who are freely buying wheat with
which to resume milling operations. Their
mills have been shut down for months.
The agents of the mills are having some
difficulty in buying wheat, but in most
cases the mills will start up between now
and September 1. Several grain ships
now waiting for cargoes at, Sound ports
will have to be held until September be
fore loading.
The price of wheat is now higher than
ever known at the beginning of the har
vest in the Palouse country. Though the
crop Is .lighter than last year's the ag
gregate amount received for it will be
much greater. The millers say that a
larger percentage of the crop will be
ground Into flour than ever before and
that the exports of flour from Puget
Sound during the coming year will be the
greatest known.
. TACOMA, Aug. 19.— Farmers of Eastern
Washington hope before spring to receive
a dollar per bushel for their wheat. They
are accordingly holding back the sales,
though buyers are offering 70 cents for
club and 73 cents for bluestem. The
farmers feel certain that the pi Ice will
advance at once to 75 cents, and those
who contracted before the harvest to sell
their crop at 60 cents are much chagrined.
Exporters are not buying, declaring that
present prices are 5 cents above what
they can afford to pay for the Liverpool
market.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Since that meeting allegations of cruelty
have multiplied so rapidly that those
higher in authority than the board have
been obliged to take cognizance of the
fact and respond to the public demand
for a full and impartial Investigation.
wpured. W. S. Melick. secretary of the
Btate Board of Examiners, and Dr. F.
IV. Hatch, general superintendent of the
• 'aliforr.ia State Commission in Lunacv,
have expressed their Qeterminatlon to be
present and probe to the bottom of the
difficulty.
Coveting a period of several months.
R. C. Harbison, it in alleped. has been
publishing anonymous articles In the San
Bernardino Sun rrflectine upon the man
agement of the as>lum and alleging cruel
treatment of patients. At the last meet
ing of the board cf managers Harbison
refSsed to divulge tne nature or the
fource of his information.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 13.— Following
the dismissal of C. N. Whittaker as stew
ard at the Southern California State Hos
pital at Patton and the publication here
and elsewhere of charges of cruelty to
insane patients and incompetency in the
management of the institution the State
Commission in Lunacy has decided to be
pin a thorough investigation cf the af
fairs of the asylum.
It has long been known that the offi
cials at the asylum were not dwelling
together in brotherly love and that there
was strife and dissension thore, which
practically destroyed the possibility of a
tuccc6sful administration of affaire. Mat
ters reached a climax when Dr. M. B.
Campbell, medical superintendent of the
institution, filed charges against Whit
taker, alleging insubordination and con
duct unbecoming a gentleman or a State
< mploye. He proved his charges and
after an all-night session of the board
of managers Whittaker was discharged.
Since then WhJttaker has been leaving
Bo stone unturned to make it uncomfort
able for I>r. Campbell. He stated to
uight that he has in his possession cer
lain requisitions and vouchers calling for
soup plates and other chinaware. but he
asserts that instead of these articles fine
t-utg-lass and other expensive things for
the personal use of the officers were se
cured. He declares that he will produce
his papers whenever there Is an investi
gation.
Dr. Campbell, who 1p now in Los An
peles. denies Whittaker'* statements and
intimates that If Whittaker has abstract
ed any of the official' records of the hos
pital he win Institute criminal proceed
ings againft him. He is also prepared
to make charges against other subordi
nates who have taken Whittaker's part.
Dr. Campbell will be assisted by. Assist
ant Attorney General Stetson, who will
arrive from Sacramento to-morrow.
Dr. Campbell has also taken the first
*teps toward forcing R. C. Harbison of
Pan Bernardino to show his hand. To
day he made the demand of Chairman
K. P. Clarke of the board of managers
that Harbison be Induced to prefer
> Marges and appear at the next meet
ing of the board with his proofs. That
there will be a thorough investigation is
Special Dispatch to The Call
FAILURE IS DUE
TO OVERDRAFTS
Riley is one of the hardest cases the
police have ever dealt with and that Mrs.
Parkhurst's name should be so closely
connected with his has occasioned great
surprise to her family and friends. Park
hurst has said nothing against his wife,
but he hopes to be revenged on Riley,
whom he had befriended and who so
treacherously broke up his home.
Rtley was released from Salem peniten
tiary August 1, after, having served a
term for highway robbery committed in
Portland, and through the kindness of
Mrs. Parkhurst's husband Riley visited
the Parkhurst home, where he was kind
ly treated. On Tuesday, August 4, Park
hurst, his wife and Riley attended a ball
and started to return home about la. m.
When they arrived at Salmon street Ri
ley suddenly turned and dealt Parkhurst
a terrible blow on the head, knocking him
down and seriously injuring him. Before
Parkhurst could regain his feet a car
riage drove up and Riley and Mrs. Park
hurst hurriedly entered it. The carriage
drove off in the darkness, leaving Park
hurst alone, maimed and bleeding.
Parkhurst first reported the case to the
police as a hold-up, then as a kidnaping,
but the facts soon became public. The
affair caused great excitement.
Since then detectives have been search
ing Jar and near for Riley and the wom
an. It has now been learned that Mrs.
Parkhurst during all this time has been
at her father's home in Kugene. Riley is
still at large, although a warrant is out
for his arrest for assaulting Parkhurst
on the night of the elopement.
If Mrs. Parkhurst knows where Riley
is she is keeping her own counsel.
PORTLAND, Aug. 19.-Mrs. Elliott
Parkhurst, niece of former Governor
Geer of Oregon and#daughter of Warden
Jaynes of the Oregon penitentiary, has
been located by Detectives Snow and
Kerrigan at Eugene, Or. Several weeks
ago a sensational elopement occurred
here, the parties involved being* Mrs.
Parkhurst and an ex-convict named
Rilcy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
State Commissioner in Lun
acy Decides to Investigate
Patton Hospital.
Hope to Receive a Dollar Per
Bushel for the Grain Be
fore Spring.
Deserts Her Husband for an
. Ex-Convict Who Is
. Still Missing.
Mrs. Elliott Pafkhurst Is
Pound at Home of
Her Father.
Former Employe Makes
Charges Against
Officers.
Wheat Growers of East
ern Washington Hold
Their Crops. *
Introduction of New Motive Power in Marin
County Is the Cause for an Ovation
When the First Cars Reach Mill Valley
ASYLUM FIGHT
CROWS BITTER
BETTER PRICES
ARE IN SIGHT
POLICE TRACE
RUNAWAY WIFE
ELECTRIC ENGINES DRAW
THE NORTH SHORE TRAINS
xfiE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 20, 1903.
PRESIDENT OF NORTH SHORE ROAD. UNDER WHOSE DIRECTION
A THIRD-RAIL. SYSTEM WAS CONSTRUCTED AND WHICH GAVE
COMPLETE SATISFACTION. (PHOTO BY TABER.) .
I
7
WATCH FOR BREWSTER'S MILLIONS— NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL— A GREAT SERIAL STORY
- ; -'^ m ADVERTISEMENTS.
/**& *£& ILrff" t
Finished golden color and designed
for comfort. Has a saddle-shaped seat
, and rests on easy runners. A new pat-
tern, which appeared on . the floor for
the first time yesterday.
Our buyer ordered the makers to
send us a good many duplicates of this
rocker, because he believed it to be a
good one for the price we ask — $6.50.
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.
ADVXBTISiaiZHTS.
THE WAY WE DO IT
In :he line of washing, starching,
ironing and generally laundering
men's linen seems to have caught the
fancy of our male patrons. No reason
in the world why we cannot please
husband, father, son and bachelo."
with our manner of "dcing up" their
washable belongings. Your patronage
is solicited.
No saw cdjes.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
O77XCS 1004 XABXST STXSST.
Xeir Ifowell. ]
3OHEMI0
"-' SOLD E.VER.Y WHERE.
HILBEKT Mfc-ttCANTlLK CO..
. Pacific Coast Agents.
i visit DR. JORDAN'S cheat i
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMYi
A Qk i:5m22XT5;.to.s:*»?a.3.r.:i:. l
\ Hr The Larce*t Anatomical Muscua in the
A jL. World. *> eaknetses or any cnntri.-te H t \
W Kgaa d:se*i<r *»«HI»»«r e«ro4 fty t»e olden ¦
£ IIS 531 ipec»:i*: oa the Couc t*t 36 jear*. <
A gSff A DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN f
\ f 4(S*&B Con«ult»tK>n free and Uiictly pi+»aif. \
At Jfmjfm Tr»«iment p*rv»Mlly or by lette». A a
V B I r hD /"wift"* C»jr«m e»cry cate undertaken. T
A* II A Wr.lt I01 BMk. Pr]LO»OPB» >f A
|F r II V ¦AmniACB. mailed free, (at
A O ll •¦• »»»u»W«book «D«»ra) >
r DO. JOBDAIK 4t CO.. 1051 Market St-.S. F. ¥
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. TUh
Great Mexican Uemedy: «l»e» health «nJ
Ktreortb to vexual organ* Depot. 323 Market.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
§ CAUTION!
As poor butter spoils
sauce destroys the flavor
T") t %
LEA & PERRINS
SAUCE
THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE.
Beware of unscrupulous dealers who so far forget their own interests and
the health of their customers as to sell you worthless imitations of
LEA & PERRINS' SAUCE.
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS, Agent*, NEW YORK..
[¦iiiwi !¦¦¦¦¦ iiwim i ¦¦mi in win ii ilium ¦¦¦¦iimii—i«i« ¦¦One of the curiosities of modern news was involved
in a recent item which recited that in the existing
bloody disturbances in Bulgaria the terrorized Chris
tians must inevitably depend upon the Turks for pro
tection. It is not difficult to determine what the
character of that protection will be. Death as the
victims of beasts of the forest would be merciful in
comparison. • ;M-
It sometimes happens that at long intervals some
thing in the environment of ardent but impecunious
young swains happens to make the course of true love
run smooth. More than fifty young persons of lov
able natures were poisoned by icecream recently at
Colorado Springs. Every youngster of sparking pro
clivities should paste the item in his hat and argue
that the icecream sold at Colorado Springs is no dif
ferent from that sold everywhere else.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Aug. 19.— Californians in
New York: San Francisco— F. J. Lura.
at Gllsey; Miss M. Owens, Mrs. M. B.
Owens, at Park Avenue; S. L. Bernstein,
at Savoy; S. L. Dolsen, at St. George; F.
E. Forbes, O. S. Wells, at Morton; W. J.
French, at Cosmopolitan; W. Rosenthal,
at Ashland; Miss K. C. Thompson, at
St. Denis.
San Diego— H. A. Geisnoal, at Marlbor
ough.
An examination under United States
Civil Service rules will be held in this
city October 21 for the position of assist
ant examiner in. the patent office; mini
mum age, 20. years. Apply for application
form No. 1312 to the commission at Wash
ington, D. C.,- or to the secretary of the
Consolidated Board of Civil Service Ex
aminers, 301 Jackson Btreet.
Patent Examiner Examination.
Quick Charge Artist.— "Maria," began
Mr. Stubb, "last night I played poker
"Played poker!" interrupted Mrs.
Stubb. "how dare you spend your money
gambling, sir?"
"As I was saying, I played poker and
won enough to buy you a set of furs"
"You did? Oh, John, you are so good!
I knew thqse sharps could not get the
best of you."
"And Just as I was about to quit I
dropped It all and flfty more" — -
"You brute! To think I should have
married a gambler!"— Chicago News.
"Don't mind 'em,' hey?" he rejoined,
cheerfully, shouldering his pack again.
"Well, there's nothing like getting used
to one's afflictions. Oood day, ma'am."—
Chicago Tribune. /;;:, : vv ;'.
"Are you troubled with cockroaches or
other insects about, your premises,
ma'am?" inquired the man with the pack,
who had succeeded in gaining an audi
ence with the mistress of the mansion.
"No, sir!" she said, glaring at him. "We
are NOT troubled by cockroaches or other
Insects!"
"American statesmanship is not what it
used to be," said the persistently gloomy
man.
"I'm glad to be able to agree with you,"
answered the cheery person; "we're
rapidly getting away from, these old-fash
ioned, shoot-Qulck-and-vote-often ideas
in politics."— Washington Star.
. "Do you consider her honest?"
"In view of her opportunities I am in
clined to think she is."
1 "I don't quite understand." .
"I mean that we keep all our valuables
in a safe deposit vault." — Cleveland Plain
Dealer.
"Do you think that Shakespeare wrote
his own plays?"
"Of course, I do," answered the man
.who is always. positive, however ill-in
formed he may be. "If Shakespeare
didn't write his own plays, whose plays
did he write?"— Washington Star.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Only one suit for divorce was filed yes
terday. The plaintiff was Mary Morlock
and the defendant William Morlock. In
fidelity was the charge. Judge Troutt
granted a decree of divorce to Jubellna
Thureson from Carl W. Thureson for
cruelty. •
Mismated Couples in Court.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles. 50c a pound, in artistic flre
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bldg. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042.
Members of the Pacific Coast Co-opera
tive Union will hold a convention at the
Academy of Sciences to-day and to-mor
row. Several prominent business and
professional men will deliver addresses
on subjects of particular interest to agri
culturists and merchants. Reports of
work already accomplished and the map
ping out of a campaign for the coming
year will also be features of the conven
tion. • * - ,;•-.-.
Co-operators to Convene.
Simon Levy, a merchant of Visalla, is
here on a short business trip and is reg
istered at the California.
S. H. Babcock, assistant general traffic
manager of the Denver and Rio Grande
Railroad, Is at the Palace, accompanied
by his wife and two children.
J. T. Whalen, assistant general passen
ger agent of the Mexican Central Rail
road, with headquarters at St. Louis, is
spending a few days in the city.
Duncan Guy, an attorney of New
Zealand, is registered at the New West
ern Hotel.
Dr. W. G. Downing of Sulsun is at the
Lick.
Judge Plrkey of Willows is a guest at
the Lick.
W. W. Campbell of the Lick Observa
tory is at the California.
F. G. Noyes.a banker of Napa, is at the
Palace, accompanied by his wife.
President David Starr Jordan of Stan
ford University Is at the Occidental.
George Scarfe, a mining man of Nevada,
is among the arrivals at the Grand.
. H. von Engellstein, a coffee planter of
Guatemala, is registered at the Palace.
C. L. James, a cattle dealer and capital
ist of Modesto, Is among the arrivals at
the Lick.
JUMPING BEAN— N. O. M-. City. The
Jumping bean, or devil bean, sometimes
called the Mexican bean, is the seed of a
Mexican plant Infested by the larva of a
small moth. The uneasy movement of
the Imprisoned larva when it is warmed
makes the seed roll about on a flat sur
face and sometimes the larva makes the
seed Jump. The larva pupates in Jan
uary and February and th© moth soon
after issues through a hole previously cut
by the larva. The trees bearing the bean
grow wild in but one State In Mexico
and produce a berry containing three
beans, but only one contains a larva.
There is no indication as to how the larva
enters that one bean.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Housekeepers will have to put the kettle on and do
their own canning if this thing go much further.
In canned fruits and vegetables California has to
compete with commercial dishonesty, domestic and
imported. Therefore it should be the aim of the pro
ducers and preservers of this State to strictly observe
the rules of commercial honor. Then a world, tired
of being poisoned in its food, will turn with con
fidence to our products, and they will hold a market
against all competitors.
It has long been known that great quantities of pig
livers are exported in barrels from this country to
Germany. Those who knew it supposed that the Ger
mans had a lasting appetite for pig liver and were
feeding it on the American product But now it seems
that these livers are turned into pate de foie gras, by
the use of dangerous drugs and silk rags! Our im
ported truffles are made of unvulcanized rubber and
leather, and the most innocent of that kind of im
ported delicatessen is made of potatoes, flavored with
ether.
r= If half the world does not know how the other
half lives, it must be that the whole world does not
know what it eat?. Having risen from a high-priced
meal of painted turnip, vaselined fish, lobster made
of cuttlefish, rubber truffles and goose liver pate made
of hog liver and black silk, washed down with im
ported wine made of dried-apple juice and gypsum,
the average American citizen can surely boast of a
bomb-proof stomach if he can manage to live out
half his span.
"Imparting a greenish color to oysters is another
adulteration. An oyster requires about one month
in the beds to acquire the greenish color. As this is
too long a time, the dealers help them along with
an artificial color. The chemists in the Paris munici
pal laboratories have shown that tomato jelly is adul
terated with turnips and powdered pepper contains a
large admixture of powdered hardtack."
"Chopped artificial truffles are made of black rub
ber, si'.k or softened leather, and even whole truffles
are made out of roasted potatoes, which are flavored
by adding ether. They are said to sell well.
•'Fish, spoiled in spite of ice and borax, is treated
with salt of zinc, aluminum and other metals. Rub
bing the fish with vaseline to give it a fresh look and
coloring the gills with fresh blood or eosin — a coal
tar color — is resorted to. The latter is also used to
intensify the red color of inferior crabs.
THE CALL recently published a remarkable dis
covery made by a retail dealer in Pennsylvania.
Among other foodstuffs he was a purveyor of
canned tomatoes. Upon examining his stock he found
the contents of his cans to be a mixture of green
tomatoes, turnips and potatoes, dyed to a proper ripe
tomato complexion with red paint. This mixture is
another added to the many proofs of the recklessness
and ingenuity of the American adulterator of foods.
But that is not the worst of it. Americans, hearing
much about the paternalism and autocratic methods of
foreign Governments, jump to the conclusion that peo
ple so well raised and disciplined as they must be un
der such Governments arc incapable of like injurious
sophistication of food, and so purchase at a high price
and consume with childlike trust the preserved pro
ducts which are imported.
This confidence gets a rude jolt by a report just
made to the State Department by our Consul General
to Germany, in which he. says: "An ordinary liver
patty is made into "Strassburger* pate de foie gras, a
goose liver patty, by means of borax or salicylic acid
and of finely chopped and cleverly distributed pieces
of black silk, representing {ruffles. Cosmos, a Ger
man paper, guarantees the fact that under the label of
canned lobsters the soft parts of the cuttlefish and
crabs are sold.
"'In Paris snails are popular, and the adulterators
mix them with lungs of cattle and^ horses. Even en
tirely artificial snails are manufactured. The shells,
recoated with fat and slime, are filled with lungs and
then sold as 'Burgundy' snails. Lovers of fresh
rooster combs are imposed upon by a substitute cut
out of hogs' intestines.
SOME DELICATESSEN.
LAKE TAHOE— M. A. R.. Los Angeles.
Cal. What is now known as Lake Tahoe
was at one time called Lake Blgler. The
lake Is in two States. California and Ne
vada. When it was first discovered it
was supposed to be- wholly In California
and was named Blgler for its one time
Governor. When the boundary line was
drawn it was discovered that the lake
was a part of the State of Nevada. The
people of that State objected to the name
Blgter, and after a number of confer
ences between California and Nevada rep
resentatives the name was changed to
the Indian one, Tahoe.
OUTSIDE of Paris itself, the recent terrible dis
aster on. the Metropolitan Electric Railway
has nowhere more powerfully affected the
public mind than in New York. In that city the
calamity is looked upon as a lesson of warning and
there is every reason to believe it will be heeded.
While it is not certain what caused the accident,
enough is known to confirm the belief that electric
lines operating in tunnels are always dangerous and
that extra care must at all times be exercised to gua»d
against fire.
In the discussion now going on in New York over
the equipment and operation of subway electric lines
in that city it is recalled that more than a year and
a half ago George Westinghouse wrote to the New
York Times a letter, in which he said: "It should be
borne in mind that the electric energy required to
operate a heavy train is sufficient to melt a consider
able bar of iron, or to start a dangerous fire if any
thing goes wrong upon a car of ordinary combustible
construction. The destruction of a car upon a street
or upon a level is one thing, but such an occurrence
upon an elevated railway or in a tunnel can have
consequences the contemplation of which should lead
to wise regulations governing the construction and
use of electrically propelled trains, and. thereby insure
to the public the rapid development of electric, trac
tion. In Liverpool, during the past month, an elec
tric train, while running in a short tunnel, Was set
afire by the electric current and totally destroyed,
with considerable loss of life."
The warning contained in the letter was not much
heeded, but the disaster at Paris is too appalling to be
overlooked or ignored and already a searching in
quiry is being made concerning the nature of the pre
cautions provided by American electric lines that
operate in tunnels or subways. The result of the in
vestigations has not been altogether satisfactory. The
Philadelphia Public Ledger in reviewing them says:
"It was announced a few days ago that the Pennsyl
vania Railroad would construct fireproof cars for its
tunnels in New York City. The cars under construc
tion for the New York City subway, it is said, are
not to be absolutely fireproof; they are to be sheathed
with metal only as far as the window sills on the 6*ut
side. The New York, New Haven and Hartford
Railroad is sheathing its passenger cars completely."
The agitation of the question will, of course, com
pel the various subway lines to - adopt better safe
guards than they would otherwise have done, even if
they do not make them thoroughly effective. To that
extent then American cities will profit by the calamity
of Paris and they will have to thank the press for in
sisting that the warning be heeded by electric com
panies.
WARNING PROM PARIS.
ONCE IX A LIFETIME— Subscriber.
Alameda, Cal. The saying, "every one
has on© chance in life," is attributed to
Cardinal Imperial!. Montesquieu, a French
writer (1683-1755). in "Pensees Dl
verses," wrote that of which the following
Is a translation: "I have heard Cardinal
Imperiall say: There is no man whom
fortune does not visit once in his life;
but when she does not find him ready to
receive her she walks in at the door and
flies out of the window.* "
Ex-President Cleveland has received many and seri
ous setbacks in the campaign which his friends have
been making to place him, for the third time, in the
President's chair. The worst, most malicious attack
made upon him, however, comes in the report that the
Tammany Society of New York will support him. It
is the very refinement of cruelty to punish our
enemies with our own faults.
NEWSPAPERS— B., Elmhurst, Cal. The
principal papers devoted particularly to
agriculture and live stock in California
are: The California Cultivator. Los An
geles; Pet Stock Tribune. Los Angeles:
Butchers* and Stock Growers' Journal.
San Francisco: San Joaquln Valley Farm
er, Fresno; Rural Calif ornlan. Los An
geles, and Sonoma County Farmer, Santa
Rosa.
TANKS— R., Oroville. Cal. In circular
tanks every foot of depth five feet in
diameter gives 4*i barrels of 31 gallons
each; six feet in diameter. 6% barrels:
seven feet in diameter, 9 barrels; eight
feet In diameter, 12 barrels; nine feet In
diameter. 15 barrels, and ten feet In diam
eter, 18%, barrels.
POSTOFFICE POSITION'S-M.. Seneca.
Cal. Postofflce employes obtain their ap
pointment through the civil service sys
tem. Examinations are generally held In
the spring and fall of the year. Due no
tice of such examinations Is given to the
applicants and is also announced in the
dally newspapers.
CORPORATION-B.. City. Lnder the
laws of California a corporation must
elect a board of directors from among
the stockholders, and the directors must
elect from among their number a presi
dent, secretary and treasurer.
THURSDAY AUGUST 20, 1903
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
ledress All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
I TELEPHONE.
Aak tor THE CAIX. The Operator Will Connect
You With, the Department You Wish. »
PUBLICATION OFFICE... SInrUet and Third. S. F
UUr.TOniAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers. 2O Cts. Per Week, 75 Cfc.
Per Month. Single Copies C Cents.
Tmat by Mall. Inelnfilnr Portwe (C*»h With Order)?
DAH-T CALL (lnclnfilnc Sunflay). on« year -••••**•""
DAILT CALL flnclufilnf Sunday). « month* *•<*'
DAILY CALL— By Elnsle Month .»««
EtXDAT CALL. On« Ye*r -~"
WEEKLY CAI.L. Oa» T««r •• *",
f Daily... fS.8O Per Year Extra
FCREiaN FO6TAGE i Sunday- 4-l» Per Tear Extra
I Weekly.. 1.00 P«r Tear Extra
All Po«txn««tem are authorised to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies win be forwarded wben reane«t««.
11*11 sobrcrtbera In erterln* chanr* of a£fir*«« should b«
particular to girt both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS la order
to tscurt a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1118 Broadway- Telephone Main 1OS3
BERKELEY OFFICE.
tl«S Onter Street Telephone Worth 77
C. GEORGE KROGXESS. Hanatrer Foreiiro Adver
tising-, Harqnette Uniiainc Cblcaaro.
<Xjocc Dietanoe Telephone "Central 2819.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON B. CHARE 14O0 G Street, H. W.
KEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
kTEPQEX B. SMITH 3O Trllinne Building-
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CABLTOX Herald Square
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Cbennan House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
TmnoDt House: Auditorium Hotel: Palmer House.
NEW YORK NEWS rTANDS:
Walaorf-Aaterla Hotel; A. Brentano. 81 Union Square:
Ucrray Hin Hotel; Firth-a venue Hotel and Hoffman House.
BRA5CH OFFICES— B27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, epwt
cntil •:» <*• clock. 800 Hayes, open until 9:80 of dock. 633
lieJUllater. «P«» « ntu 8 :S0 o'clock. C13 Larkln. open until
» SO o'clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 22M
ttarkct. corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 10M Va
lencia, open until 8 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
e>lock. KW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
antli • r'<-locfc. ggQO FlUmore. open until 8 p. m.
INDIAN TEACHERS-M.. Seneca. Cal.
Teachers in Indian schools are paid vari
ous salaries. A superintendent receives
J1700. and then the salaries are graded
down to evening teachers, who are paid
130 a month.
JUDGMENT-C. R-. City. In California
a Judgment may be renewed at the expi
ration of five years upon a proper motion
being made In court.
Miss Margaret Murphy and Harry Ma
hony were the principals at a wedding at
Sacred Heart Church last evening. Rev.
Father Lagan officiating. The bride was
attended by Miss Alma McCormick and
Miss Rose Garrity, bridesmaids. Joseph
Mahony was best man and Messrs.
O'Brien, Donegan, Cooney and Conlin
ushers. Eighty guests were entertained
at the home of the bride after the cere
mony. Mr. and Mrs. Mahony will keep
house at Fell and Scott streets upon their
return from a wedding trip to Southern
California. The bride is a daughter of D.
B. Murphy and the groom a son of Jere
miah Mahony, well known in this city.
Mrs. J. W. Phillips of 2004 Gough street
will return home to-day from a two
months' stay at Tahoe and other moun
tain resorts.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick J. Home (nee
McClung) were tendered a breakfast on
the U. S. S. Alert by Commander and
Mrs. W. W. Klmball a few days ago. The
young couple are being entertained Quite
informally by their many friends.
Mrs. Parker Whitney (nee Parrott) has
been ill for the past few days at a hos
pital in this city. Her mother is In at
tendance upon her.
General and Mrs. MacArthur expect to
make a trip to Southern California at
the end of the present month.
Mrs. McNear and Miss Susie McNear
are at Deer Park Inn.
Miss Reina Maiilard, who has been 111
in Philadelphia, is on her way to the
coast with her father and aunt, Miss
Maiilard. The Maillards will proceed at
once, to their country home in Marln
County.
William Tevis has returned from Tahoe.
Miss Pearl Landers and Mrs. Landers
have returned from Del Monte.
Miss Kohl of Burlingame is the guest
of Miss Maye Colburn for a few days.
One of last .season's most popular deb
utantes, Miss Florence Bailey, left yester
day for the East, where she will spend
two or three months with friends and rel
atives. A few days ago Miss Bailey was
tendered a farewell tea by Mrs. Edwards
at Belvedere. The affair was quite infor
mal, only a dozen of Miss Bailey's friends
being invited.
Society will wend its way to San Mateo
on Saturday, when Mrs. William L. Spen
cer, formerly Alice Hasten, will give a
christening and tea, .The hostess will intro
duce her new baby to her. friends, who
are . eager to make the littlo stranger's
acquaintance, and after the christening
Mrs. Spencer will entertain her friends at
tea informally during the remainder of
the afternoon. The artistic home of Mrs.
Yuill, Mrs. Spencer's sister, will be the
scene of the happy event.
The directors of the San Francisco Sym
phony Society have been compelled to
change the date of the next concert to
Tuesday. August 25, at the Grand Opera
house. Thi3 was owing to some unfore
seen circumstances that were unavoid
able. The sale of seats for the Tuesday
concert will take place to-morrow morn-
Ing at Sherman, Clay & Co/s at 9 o'clock.
Dr. ' Alexander J. Mclvor-Tyndall's
Sunday evenings have become a* fa
vorite place of amusement among those
who like to unite Instruction with their
pastime. The subject for the psychologi
cal lecture on Sunday next wllL be "What
is Thought?" • -
Hodges and Launchmere, the clever
colored couple, the Campbell brothers,
club Jugglers, and other clever specialty
people are pleasing large audiences at the
Cnutes. To-night, after the regular per
formace, the amateurs will appear.
Not since ,the first "Weber & Field's
burlesque was put on at Fischer's Thea
ter have there been so many people
turned away from the house as the past
week with the double bill of "Quo Vass
Iss" and "The Big Little Princess." Both
plays have taken Immensely.
The phenomenal run of "The Highway
man" at the Tivoll with Camllle D'Arville
in the leading soprano part will un
doubtedly be continued during the com
ing week in response to hundreds of re
quests, both from city people and from
out of town folks who intend to visit here
during the G. A. R. celebration.
"The Dairy Farm" is Jamming the
Alcazar with the biggest and most
enthusiastic audiences of recent years.
The demand for seats is so gTeat
that it has been necessary to ar
range an extra matinee next Sunday af
ternoon in addition to the regular mati
nees this afternoon and Saturday.
"In Harvard" Is still the bill at the
Grand Opera-house. It has more than
n-ade good so far and is considered th<?
best production In the musical comedy
line ever put on at the Grand.
Heeley and Meely, "the most peculiar
couple before the public"; Rosle Rendel,
the graceful and versatile English trans
formation dancer; John LeClair, the re
flned comedy Juggler, and Seeley and
West, comedians .and Instrumentalists,
the newcomers at the Orpheum. have all
made hits.
¦ ;-.',_¦¦ • • ;..y • ¦
Henry Miller and Margaret Anglin, sup
ported by a superb company, are attract
ing a deal of attention at the Columbia
Theater In their latest success, "The
Devil's Disciple."
Owing to the enormous success of
"Shenandoah" at the California this week
an extra farewell performance of the
stirring war play will be given on Sunday
night!
Packed houses are the rule at the Cen
tral Theater this week and hundreds. of
visiting veterans nightly take part in the
enthusiasm created by the thrillingscenes
of the war drama, "Cumberland '61."
YOSEMITE VALLEY— A. B. C. Bishop.
Cal. Yosemite Valley was set apart a 9 a
National Park In 1S64.
DESPITE the gameness shown by Sir Thomas
Lipton in his struggles for the America's cup,
and the general keenness of men in all sorts
of contests between well matched competitors, there
is unquestionably much less popular interest in the
races this year than in former years. The decline in
excitement may be due somewhat to Lipton's good
nature,' for when the challenger takes the issue blandly
the defenders are very apt to be equally good-natured
about it. When Dunraven came over with his fight
ing blood at fever heat we were all about as eager as
himself, but this year it is not at all uncommon to
hear even yachting men say they would not be sorry
if the cup were taken by the challenger for once, be
cause it would give more interest to the sport here
after.
There are, however, other factors in the problem
that have contributed to the decline in popular interest
in the matches. One of these is the growing convic
tion that after all it is not so much an international
contest as a mere racing event between the New York
Yacht Club and a British club. When the Boston
yachtsmen were excluded from the competition for
the cup two years ago it was everywhere recognized
that America as a nation was out of it, and that the
cup in its present hands is not open for general com
petition. The impression created by the exclusion of
the Boston yacht was distinctly adverse to the New
York club, and at the time there were a good many
persons who expressed a wish that Lipton would win
in order that the cup might once more be placed as
a trophy to be competed for not by two yachts only,
but by as many as chose to enter the contest.
Another cause of declining interest is the abandon
ment on each side of a distinctive national type of
yacht. The present competitors are neither of them
distinctively British nor American. Even in the case
of the crews and the captains, there is no longer a
strictly national distinction. Each side has sought the
best it could get in the way of hull, masts, sails, crews
and skippers. That, of course, is all right in a contest
between rival clubs, but it diminishes the national
issue and correspondingly lessens popular interest.
Concerning the comparative points of similarity be
tween the rival yachts, experts differ. Some assert
they are strictly of the same type, while others,
conceding that they do not present rival national
types, maintain that they do present distinct types of
yachts common to both nations. On the one side the
New York Sun says: "The two models are now as
much alike as any two peas that ever were shelled.
Both are fairly deep and fairly, wide. Both have a
minimum of underbody and a maximum of overhang.
Both carry an abundance of outside ballast. Both
have enormous sail plans, with high lower masts and
tall topmasts. Both have club topsails, whose yards
stand straight up alongside the topmasts and act as
prolongations of those spars. Both are built as light
and easy of hull as engineering skill can make them
in view of the tremendous strains to be withstood.
Both have standing bowsprits and set their jibs on
jibstays. Each has a mainsail with the foot laced
to the boom. Neither one carries a sprit topsail to be
hoisted from the deck. Both steer with a wheel."
On the other side the Boston Herald says: "Even
to the ordinary observer we think there would be
quite a marked difference between the appearance of
the Reliance and the Shamrock III were both ex
posed at the same time in drydock. True, both are
keel craft of the fin variety, with an immense amount
of lead on the outside to give them the necessary
stability to carry their enormous sail spread, but the
lines of the hulls are far from being similar, and this
is particularly true in the forward sections of the two
sloops. The race is not to be a test between an
American shoal center-board sloop and a deep Eng
lish keel craft, but it will, nevertheless, be a test of
types, and types which any yachtsman will recognize
as being quite widely different in many essentials."
Where experts on the spot differ it is not for judges
on this side of the continent to decide. There is a
further cause of complaint. It is said that in perfect
ing the racing machine the builders have departed
from what is called the true j r achf type, and that the
construction of these machines does not in any way
advance the art of yacht building, nor suggest any im
provement that would be of advantage to a man de
siring a pleasure craft. Such complaints have been
both frequent and loud ever since the Shamrock III
reached American waters, and it is not improbable
that there will never be another challenger of this
kind, as the holder of the cup may, in deference to
what seems to be the prevailing opinion of yachts
men, so fix the terms of future competitions that
racing machines will be barred and none but genuine
yachts permitted to compete.
Be that as it may, the Shamrock III represents the
best that British money can obtain in the way of a
racing machine constructed in a British shipyard and
the Reliance represents the best that has yet been
produced in America. That in 'itself will be sufficient
to arouse the sporting spirit of our people* and while
there has been a great deal of indifference so far, the
actual Tacing will unquestionably have the effect of
awakening interest. It matters not whether they be
: true yachts or not, or truly national or not; now that
the day has come to match them, and one flies the
American flag, while the other displays the Union
Jack, there will surely be big crowds in every city in
the United States and Great Britain waiting for the
bulletins, ready to cheer the victor.
THE YACHT RACES
FRIENDS WILL
PAY HOMAGE TO
SPENCER HEIR
THEATERGOERS
ARE CROWDING
PLAYHOUSES
them. The first step having been taken in the direc
tion of a good prison system, it is reasonable to ex
pect that other steps will follow in due season.
A* feature of note in the agitation which led the
Legislature to act so promptly is the work done by
a country editor, a woman at that, Mrs. Myrick of
Americus, v/ho. not only demanded reform through
her paper, but went to the State Capitol and de
manded it of the Legislature when she found she
could not get it from the Prison Commissioners. It
appears that when she went to the prison officials
about the matter she met with scant welcome and was
told with brutal frankness that the clamor against the
whipping of women was silly. She is quoted as say
ing: "Warden Moore told me that Mamie de Cris was
not the first white woman to be lashed at the State
farm; that other women had received much worse
punishment and that the woman did not get half
what she deserved. 'Jake' Moore said that other
white women had been whipped and the people did
not raise such a howl, and he was unable to under
stand why so much noise had been made about this
affair, when Allagood and Dr. Adams were doing
only their duty."
The Commissioners were a little more courteous
and less frank than their subordinates, but even they
would promise nothing. Mrs. Myrick says they de
clared they would not let the newspapers "bulldoze
them into condemning the whipping." Well, the
whipping has been condemned by the Legislature.
The women and the newspapers have won their fight,
and among other good results it is probable the
Prison Commissioners and wardens will be a little
more respectful when a country editor calls upon
them. At least they will if the editor happens to
have the vim and vigor of Mrs. Myrick.
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
"* _ _.,»_
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 20, 1903.
A dissatisfied husband and wife from Missouri have
matie San Francisco the scene of their prospective
Ftrujrglc for divorce, the wife asking for the decree.
This is evidently one of those cases when the gentle
man had to show her and couldn't Or perhaps his
career on the sea of matrimony was altogether too
spectacular for the lady. .
OUT of the suffering of the unfortunate woman
who was whipped on a convict farm a few
days ago, or rather out of the intense indig
nation aroused by the report of it, Georgia is to get
something in the way of prison reform that will be
beneficial to her convicts and creditable to herself.
It happens that the Legislature is in session, and in
response to the cry of the women of the State it has
promptly enacted a law forbidding the use of the lash
upon any woman convict, whether white or black, and
furthermore has passed a convict bill which will go
far toward mitigating the evils of the convict lease
system by requiring that all convicts sentenced to five
years or more shall be set to work on public roads
instead of being leased out to private parties.
The reform measures fall far short of what they
should be and Georgia will have to go far before she
reaches the American level in the matter of treating
prisoners, but it is nevertheless gratifying to note that
the Legislature has done something to protect con
victs against the greed of those who lease them and
the barbarity of those .who are put in authority over
GEORGIA AND HER CONVICTS.
It is consoling that while every endeavor is being
made by the people of the city to welcome the heroes
of forty years ago as they deserve and to show them
what manner of men we are in our products, the
police are herding that other product of our civiliza
tion, the pickpocket, and in his unwelcome variety are
locking him behind bars to keep others out of his
harm's way.
Thousands. of Croatian peasants are reported to be
in revolt and have expressed their rebellion by an
insult to the, Hungarian flag. This is the necessary
prelude to what will probably be a material reduction
in the population of Croatia. Perhaps the relation of
supply and demand in Croatian peasants has been dis
turbed and can be restored only by cannon shot.
President Castro, free from rebellion, immune from
the assaults of foreign victims, national and indi
vidual, is now amusing himself by imprisoning mer
chants upon pretexts so absurd as to appear only to
ridicule. He is probably trying to illustrate the char
acter of the. Governments which the United States is
pleased to tolerate as republics.
Charles M. Schwab, late of steel trust fame, has
denied emphatically that he is interested in the or
ganization of a proposed gigantic combination of
tailors. For all of which we should give thanks. With
nine such tailors as Mr. Schwab would be the
proverbial man in their making would be a grotesque
wonder.
8
f~y AN you make word pictures? Ever tried? Without a doubt, for
f i' this is an age when everybody thinks he can write. Some very
V/p quickly discover their error. Others never do. Result— over-
\^ crowded book Shelves with "literature" which nobody ever reads.
Why? Because not one writer in a hundred knows a good story when
he sees it. It takes something more than a grammar, a speller and a dic-
tionary to make "word pictures." It is the ability to compress a human
comedy into a "thumbnail sketch" or put a tragedy into a nutshell that
makes "literary genius." Better than all else, it's the only quality that
sells books. Just take a peep at this little extract from a book that the
whole country is talking about and you'll realize, perhaps for the first
time, what a tremendous lot can be said in 250 words:
"At 3 o'clock the elevator made another trip to the top floor and
Zllis rushed over to the unfriendly doorbell. This time there was stub-
aorn determination in his face. The singing ceased and a roar of laughter
followed the hush of a moment or two.
" 'Come in!' called a hearty voice, and Ellis strode firmly into the
studio.
"'You are just in time for a 'nightcap,' Ellis,' cried Harrison, rush-
ing to the footman's side. Ellis, stolidly facing the young man, lifted
his hand. .' " "*#'
" 'No* thank you, sir,' he said respectfully. 'Mr. Montgomery, if
you'll excuse me for breaking in, I'd like to give you three messages
I've brought here to-night.'
"You're a faithful old chap," said Subway Smith, thickly. 'Hanged
if I'd do A. D. T. work till 3 a. m. for anybody.' . >~"
" 'I came at 10, Mr. Montgomery, with a message from Mr. Brew-
ster, wishing you many happy returns of the day and with a check from
him for $1000. Here's the check, sir. I'll give my messages in the or-
der I received them, sir, if you please. At 12:30 o'clock I came with a
message from Dr. Gower. sir, who had been called in '
" 'Called in?' gasped Montgomery, turning white.
" 'Yes, sir, Mr. Brewster had a sudden heart attack at half-past
eleven, sir. The doctor sent word by me, sir, that he was at the point
of death. My last message '
"'Good Lord!" . '^. ,
" 'This -time I bring a message from Rawles. the butler, asking you to
come to Mr. Brewster's house at once— if you can, sir— I mean if you
will, sir,' Ellis interjected, apologetically. Then with his gaze directed
steadily over the heads of the subdued 'Little Sons of the Rich' he added,
impressively: '/ ,/-
" 'Mr.. Brewster is dead, sir.'" .^v:
Can you imagine anything more graphic? The suspense is so keen
that it hurts. And yet that is only the closing incident of the first chap-
ter of "Brewster's Millions." which begins in the next Sunday Call. In
point of fact, "Brewster's Millions" is absolutely unlike anything that
has ever beerr written before, for In it a perfectly adorable youne fellow
,ias to spend a million a year, get his money's worth and yet have abso-
lutely nothing to show for it at the end of that time inorder that he may
inherit six million more.- Sounds fascinating, doesn't it? Well, it is
more than that.
But the popular craze for literature of the bright, snappy, uo-to-date
sort goes even further than this. Never before was there such a tre-
mendous demand for short stories of the best sort. And what better
reading could you get? A eood short story is a complete novel in con-
densed form, and it is iust such excellent reading as this that is pro-
vided in the Sunday Call's new "Half Hour Storiettes, of which, next
Sunday, you will Ret two full pa^es. Here are so*"*, ,«£ th^ titles:
"Mysterious Leofric." "In the Flash of Striped Death. The Secret of
the Jamaica Sink Hole." "The Beautiful Miss Marnam Fables for
the Foolish." "Shorty Mahan's Passing." "Love's Golden Tether.'
"While the Train Waited." "What Tiny Peter Did.' etc Best of
all there is a new short story by A. Cnnan Doyle. The. Sshadow Be-
fore"; "Millions in His Dreams." by Mark Twain: Me-ows of a Kitty,
by Kate Thyson Marr: "The Oracle of Mulberry Center, by S. E. Riser,
etc.. etc. „ , u
And, besides all this there is the regular Sunday Magazine section,
giving you the Tery latest in everythintr that is coins: on in the world
to-day. The Sunday Call can't b* beat.
Can You MaKe
"Thumb Nail Sketches? 11Usual Ocean Breeze Is Missed
by the Residents of
Los Angeles.
High .Temperatures Are
Recorded Throughout
th6 Citrus Belt.
HOT WERTHER
IN SOUTHLAND
Less ' than one-seventh of the land in
Great. Britain is owned by farmers.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 19.— The State
Board of Prison Directors will hold a
meeting at Folsom prison next Saturday
at which it is understood the recent es
cape of thirteen convicts will be made
the subject of an inquiry, with a deter
mined effort to fix the responsibility
where it belongs.
Will Investigate the Prison Break.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 19. — William
Pinken, aged 15 years, had his right arm
torn from the shoulder Tuesday while
operating a planer. in Inman & Paulsen's
mill. Physicians believe he will recover,
although he Is very weak from loss of
blood and the shock to his nervous sys
tem. Ho recently came here with his
parents from San Francisco.
Boy Suffers Tabs of His Right Arm.
SPOKANE, Wash., Aug. 19.— Private
advices from Vermilion, Mont, state
that the concentrator and nearly the en
tire plant of the Kentucky-Vermilion
Mining and Concentrating Company were
destroyed by fire last Sunday. The loss
is estimated at ' $125,000 to $150,000 with
$30,000 insurance. ' The property was own
ed by Spokane men.
Fire Destroys a Large Plant.
FIREMAN BLAND DIES
FROM HIS INJURIES
Burns and Scalds Received When
His Engine Exploded Near
Kingman Prove Fatal.
LOB ANGELES, Aug. 19.-J. H. Bland,
the fireman who was Injured by the ex
plosion of an engine on the Santa Fe
railroad, near Kingman. yesterday morn-
Ing, died to-day at the California Hos
pital in this city. Bland was placed
aboard a special train immediately after
the accident and rushed through to this
city under the care of physicians. The
train made fast time and reached La
Grande station at 1:55 this morning. At
the hospital it was first thought that
Bland'8 life would be saved. His injuries
were too severe, however, • for medical
skill to overcome. Bland was terribly
scalded and suffered a fractured leg. The
deceased was unmarried and lived at
Needles. His funeral will be in charge
of the Firemen's Union.
NEVADA. Aug. 19.— The Corotoman
Mining Company, which owns big gravel
property at Forest City, has brought suit
to recover $10,000 from the Chinese owners
of the Golden Star gravel mine, which
adjoins the Corotoman. The suit prom
ises to be one of great importance in Si
erra county. In its complaint the Coro
toman company alleges that the Golden
Star company has encroached on its
ground and by the means of tunnels and
drifts removed therefrom gold to the
value of 510.COO.'
Chinese Owners of Mine Are Sued.
Chandler has been missing since some
time before the explosion and the officers
have been searching for him.
He declared that C. E. Chandler, finan
cial secretary of the union, told him some
time before the explosion that a com
mittee, consisting of Napoli, Carbonetti
and Philip Fire, the man who was killed
at the time the building was blown up,
had been appointed to blow up the Sun
and Moon.
IDAHO SPRINGS, Colo., Aug. 19.— At
the hearing of Napoll and Carbonetti,
Italian members of the Miners' Union
charged with complicity in the blowing
up of one of the buildings of the Sun
and Moon mine last month, a sensation
was caused by the evidence given by
William Bate, a union miner.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 19.— The conven
tion of the California Retail Grocers' As
sociation adjourned to-day after electing
the following officers for the coming
year: President, J. S. Stulz, San Fran
cisco (re-elected); secretary. L. Warnke,
Alameda (re-elected): treasurer, John S.
Elliott, San Francisco: vice presidents,
W. Lenhoff, San Francisco; G. Russell,
Oakland; J. F. Nelson, San Bernardino;
directors, S. J. Sill, Berkeley; George T.
Morris, Alameda; George H. Jones. San
Jose; J. J. Hayes, J. T. Hurley and H.
G. Lockman, San Francisco. San Jose
was selected as the place of meeting for
the next convention.
Retail Grocers Elect Officers.
Witness Causes Sensa
tion at Idaho
Springs.
STOCKTON. Aug. 19.— The flm of the
series of condemnation suits to secure
for the Western Pacific a right of way
between Stockton and Sacramento was
filed this afternoon by Clary and Fraser,
attorneys for the corporation. The de
fendant in the case is J. C. Zignego. A
piece of land 100 feet wide and containing
3.62 acres is desired near the corner of
West's lane and North street. Nine other
suits, five of which will be filed in this
county, will follow. As soon as the con
demnation suits are decided construction
will begin.
Construction Work Will Begin as
Soon as the Condemnation Pro
ceedings Are Decided.
WESTERN PACIFIC SUES
TO SECURE RIGHT OF WAY
Killed by Dynamite Explosion.
SALT LAKE. Utah, Aug. 19.— While
working on slag at the Germanla smelter
at Murray to-day a premature explosion
of dynamite occurred. Daniel Spencer
was Instantly killed, his head being torn
off by the force of the explosion, and
Isaac Harris was slightly Injured.
QUEBEC, Aug. 19.— The Northern Railway
shops were destroyed by nre early to-day.
OGDEN. Utah, Aug. 19.— Jesse Langs
dorf, cashier of the Salmon City (Idaho)
bank, was taken to Salt Lake this morn-
Ing to be treated for two dangerous gun
shot wounds received while camping out
on the Salmon River in Idaho. A shot
gun was accidentally discharged, a por
tion of the load striking him in the right
eye, destroying the organ, and the rest of
the charge making a dangerous wound
in the thigh. The victim is the son of a
prominent banker of Salmon City.
Camper Accidentally Shot.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 19.— The first ses
sion of the thirty-fourth annual conven
tion of the National Beekeepers' Asso
ciation was called to order at Blanchard's
Hall this morning. The attendance was
representative, many of the most promi
nent men in bee culture being present.
W. Z Hutchinson. of Flint, Mich., edit
or of the Beekeepers' Review, and presi
dent of the National Association, called
the delegates to order. His annual ad
dress was a review of the conditions pre
vailing in the business of producing and
the accomplishments of the association
duringe the past year. The morning ses
sion was taken up with an address by
Professor A. J. Cook, of Claremont. on
"Honey Exchanges and Co-operation
among Bee Men," which was followed" by
extensive discussion. In the afternoon J.
F. Mclntyre, Sespe, Cal.. and E. S.
Lovesy, of Salt Lake City, discussed the
question of "How to Make Money Pro
ducing Extracted Honey."
BEE MEN MEET IN ANNUAL
SESSION AT LOS ANGELES
Delegates Bead Papers of Great In
terest to Those Engaged in
Producing Honey.
SALT LAKE, Utah. Aug. 19.— The pre
liminary hearing of Mrs. Aurora Hodge,
charged with the murder of William X.
Ryan, a spectacle peddler, near Murray,
about a month ago. was commenced be
fore Judge Dlehl this morning. No addi
tional facts to those already known were
brought out during the day.
Mrs. Hodge's Trial Begins.
Lieutenant Colonel Edwin B. Bolton, re
cently promoted from major of the Twen
ty-fourth Infantry, will join the Tenth
Infantry on its arrival at San Francisco.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 19.— Postofflce es
tablished: Washington— Wernlcke, Clarke
County, William H. Dillon Postmaster.
Postoffices discontinued August 31: Ore
gon—Crystal-and Odessa, Klamath Coun
ty, mail to Fort Klamath. Postmasters
commissioned: Oregon— Wallace W. S.
Mead. Heppner. Washington— Curtis F.
Dixori, Lamona. Fourth class Postmas
ters appointed: Oregon— Annie Burket,
Divide. Douglas County, vice Elena Hed
rick, resigned; John E. Ennis, Nyssa,
Malheur County, vice S* N. Emison, re
signed. Washington— Carl Tessmans.
Echo, Stevens County, vice R. E. Watts,
resigned.
Navy orders— Lieutenant A. W. Hinds
detached from command of Fortune to
naval hospital at Puget Sound for treat
ment.
Lieutenant Colonel Bolton Is Ordered
to Join the Tenth Infantry
* . in San Francisco.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Grand Excursion to Mare Island.
A fine chance to see the U. S. navy yard
to-day. Boat leaves foot of Market street
9:30 a. m. with, band of Sixth Infantry on
board. Delightful day promised. Rate,
60 cents. Get tickets at Southern Pacific
office, 613 Market street.
TELLS OF PLOT
TO WRECK MINE
The resolution was signed by F. J.
Kierce, Thomas Cody. Rev. Jame3 Grant,
J. Lynch and D. J. O'Leary.
After a sumptuous banquet last even-
Ing the delegates listened enthusiastically
to the following toasts: "Our Church,"
Archbishop Montgomery; "Young Men's
Institute." T. W. Kelly: "Patriotism." J.
D. Whalen; "Our Departed Brothers," F.
J. Murphy; "Our Junior Councils," Rev.
F. J. O'Connell; "The Ladies," D. J.
O'Leary- Musical numbers were very
successfully rendered by w. J. Hynes, W.
J. O'Brien and John Hay during the
progress of the banquet.
Be it therefore resolved that the Grand Coun
cil expresses deop sorrow that Leo XIII could
not he spared longer to govern the church. The
Grand Council in Its Catholic faith believes
that Christ himself presides over the destinies
of the church he Instituted, that the gates of
hell will not urevall against it. yet it knows
that Christ acts through hlg agency of man.
It believes that Christ In his providence raises
the great men to accomplish his will among
the nations. It believes that Leo was raised
up and endowed with extraordinary gifts of
heart and head to be God's agent in guiding
the church in a time of extraordinary need.
The Grand Council therefore thanks God for
the incalculable service rendered to the holy
cause cf religion and to the human race by
the late sovereign Pontiff. It thanks him in
particular for the remarkable stimulus given
Catholic faith and piety among Catholics by
the works of Leo. for the spirit of conciliation
and good will the late Pontiff wag able to
effect among: the people of dissident religions
toward Rome and the teaching of the holy
church.
and the discussion of future work.
In the evening there was a grand ban
quet and much merrymaking. The con
vention closes to-day.
A telegram of greeting and well wishes
was received from A. Schwann. supreme
district deputy of Southern California.
By ' unanimous vote a resolution was
passed extolling the life and achievements
of Father McKinnon and indorsing the
movement to erect a monument to the
martyred priest. Following several ad
dresses on the greatness of the !ate
Pope Leo XIII, the council passed the
following resolution:
THE delegates to the Young Men's
Institute Convention spent yester
day in the passing of resolutions
CANYON CITY. Colo., Aug. 19.— James
Armstrong, the convict who led the re
cent jail break at the penitentiary, com
mitted suicide by hanging In his cell last
night. He had arranged a dummy In his
cot and his body was not discovered for
some hours. He made a noose from a
piece of electric light wire. Armstrong
was considered one of the most desperate
criminals in the West, and was wanted
In Utah for murder. He was serving time
here for burglary.
Convict His Own Executioner.
BISBEE. A. T.. Aug. 19.— Two masked
men entered the St. Louis beer hall last
night and commanded the occupants to
throw up their hands. Without waiting
to see if their order was obeyed they be
gan shooting, killing the roulette dealer,
named Miles, and wounding Bartender
Schmidt. Some of the men in the saloon
returned the fire and the robbers fled
without any booty. It is supposed they
crossed Into Mexico. A posse is now in
pursuit.
Masked Bobbers Kill a Gambler.
SEATTLE, Wash.. Aug. 19.— James
Willis Sayre, the Times globe trotter,
reached Seattle at 4:15 this afternoon over
the Northern Pacific Railroad. Imme
diately upon his arrival here he went
aboard the tug Magic of the Puget Sound
Tugboat Company and was taken out. in
the bay, crossing the line where the
steamship Hyades passed out opposite
Seattle at 8:05 o'clock on the morning of
Friday, June 25. This completed the en
tire journey around the world. At 5
o'clock this afternoon Sayre had been
gone from Seattle exactly fifty-four days
eight hours and fifty-five minutes. The
best previous record, made by Charles Ce
cil Fltzmorris. was sixty days, thirteen
hours and twenty-nine minutes. Thus
Sayre has broken the record by more than
six days.
Having relieved the officer of his
weapons and other property. Ecklund left
the train at Laramle. Marsden was not
awakened by the conductor until Chey
enne was reached, when he called. for as
sistance. As Marsden had absolutely
nothing on his person to prove he was not
a prisoner, the trainmen would not re
lease him. The railroad authorities tele
graphed to Chicago for instructions and
when the train reached Sidney, Neb.,
Marsden* was finally released from his
predicament. To-night he passed through
Cheyenne, en route to Laramie to try to
effect the recapture of his prisoner.
. CHEYENNE, Wyo., Aug. 19.— Albert
Ecklund, alias George Johnson, who was
captured at Rawllns and was being taken
back to Chicago to answer to tlie charge
of grand larceny, effected a remarkable
escape from Detective William Marsden.
Marsden left Rawlins last night' -with
Ecklund and to make sure of his man
shackled him to a seat in the smoking
compartment of a chair car. While Mars
den was sleeping beside his prisoner,
Ecklund went through the detective's
pockets, secured the keys to the shackles,
released himself and then shackled the
officer to the steampipes.
JEFFERSON CITY. Mo., Aug. 19.— The
trial of State Senator William P. Sullivan,
under indictment on the charge of solicit
ing a bribe of $4500 from a representative
of baking powder interests for three votes
in favor of the bill to repeal the anti-alum
law, was begun here to-day before Spe
cial Judge H. C. Timmons. JThe jury was
secured without delay. It is made up of
seven farmers, two carpenters, a State
house employe, a clerk, and an engineer.
Whitney Layton, representative of the
baking powder interests, the witness upon
whom the prosecution depends chiefly,
after testifying to the fact that he at
tended the Legislature last winter trying
to secure the repeal of the pure food bill,
said:
"I met Senator Sullivan in the large
back room of the Senate cloakroom. He
said we needed three votes to get the bill
: that we wanted passed. He said that for
the sum of J4500 he could carry two other
votes and his own for the repeal of the
law."
.. "Who were the other Senators?"
"He gave me to understand that Sena
tor Smith was one of the others. He said
he would see Smith and go into the mat
ter further."
Layton then told of Sullivan, Smith and
himself going to the Madison House, and
added:
"Just then Senator Farris came in and
Senator Smith stepped over and joined
Senator Farris. I talked to Senator
Smith later after Smith had talked wfth
Farris."
Baking Power Representative
Gives Some Damaging
Testimony.
Trainmen Refuse to Release
Sleuth Until Identity
Is Established.
Makes the Trip as Repre
sentative of a Seattle
Newspaper.
Journeys Around World
in Less Than Fifty-
Five Days.
Missouri State Senator
Charged With Solicit
ing a Bribe.
Prisoner Escapes Prom
Sleeping Chicago
Detective.
PUT ON TRIAL
FOR BOODLING
GLOBE TROTTER
BREAKS RECORD
CHAINS OFFICER
TO STE1PIPE5
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 20, 1903.
VOICE GRIEF
AT DEATH OF
POPE LEO XIII
YOUNG MAX WHO WILL. BE
NEXT GRAND PRESIDENT
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE.
AUBURN Aug. 13.— Anthony Clark, one
of the oldest mifltnf* cf the Forest Hill
divide end a prominent mining man of
Placer Ccuntr, died at Forest Hill yes
terday at the advanced age of SO years.
Ke leaves a large estate.
Death, of Prominent Wining Man.
6ANTA ANA, Aug. 19.— The hot weath
er cf the past three days has done con-
Eiderab'.e dazna^e to the bean crop of
Orange OuuutW especially to that part
ef It which was planted late. The in
te_s« heat has dried up some of the pods
co that the beans will not mature. To
day was the hottest experienced this
year, the temperature being 95 degrees.
The hot wave has been felt all over
Southern Calif orr.ia and 5n the interior
has been extreme. The highest tempera
ture recorded Is at Volcano Springs, on
the Southern Pacific railroad, near the
Ealton fiefert, where the thermometer
registered US degrees in protected places.
At San Bernardino a temperature of 108
is reported. San Diego reports the hot
teet day in twelve years.
ed P4 decrees, the h!ph<si point reached
during the hot tpdl which has lasted
since Sunday. Temperature* higher than
that given by the weather bureau were
reported from parts cf the city less fav
orably located than the observer's office,
which is at the top of an elffht-story
building. The streets to-(iay were fur
nace-like with a total absence of the
usual ocean breeze.
IX)S ANGEL.ES. Aug. lS.-Los Angeles
tBd the greater portion of Southern Call
orrua is experiencing the hottest weather
f the season. At noon to-Jay the ther
mometer at the weather bureau register-
9
AMTJSETHTETTTa.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
LAST TEN NIGHTS
OF THE SEASON.
RAYMOND AND CAVERLY
And Our Superb Eastern Company.
In the Delightful Musical Eccentricity.
"IN HARVARD"
Next Saturday University of California
night. Ha! Ha! Ha! Cal-1-for-nl-a— U. C—
Berkeley. Zip — Boom — Ah!
PRICE3— 25c. M>c. 75c.
Heeley and Meely; Bosie Bendel;
John Le Clair; Lew Hawkins and
the Biograph. Last week of Seeley
and West; Sidney Wilmer and
Company; Miss Wynne Winslow;
The Great Kaufmann Troup« and
ELFIE FAY,
"The Craziest Soubrette on the American
Stage."
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box Seat*
and Opera Chairs. 50c.
_*rti IBBUBSI A m fsmcisco-3
(UULy BW_l8_#4 LEADLN3 THEA.Pi
Powell Street. Near Market.
LAST THREE NIGHTS— MATINEE SAT-
URDAY.
HENRY MILLER
—AND—
MARGARET ANGLIN
In George Bernard Shaw's
THE DEVSL^S DISCIPLE
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY.
SEATS NOW READY.
HENRY MILLER and MARGARET ANGLIN
In RicharJ Harding Davis" Comedy,
THE TAMING OF HELEN.
Matinees Wednesday and Saturday.
f §¦ H\j I B^Ajal Belasco &
Market st.. near Eighth. Thone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Magnlflcent Production of the Grsat Civil War
Drama.
"CUMBERLAND '61"
GORGEOUS SCENERY'.
SPLENDID STAGE EFFECTS!
BRILLIANT CAST!
SPECIAL mt TO THE GRAND
DDirCC Evenings ,\^ 0c ,. to 52°
PKlVCJ Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
Aug. 24. Alexander Dumas' Masterpiece.
CAMILLE.
There are 6O.000 soldiers In the city — 10,000
of them will see
- QUO VASS ISS
And
THE BIG LITTLE PRINCESS
Too funny to tell about. »Vi >
' Our "All Star" Cast, Including
KOLB AND DILI-
BARNEY BERNARD.
WINFIELD BLAKE.
HARRY HERMSEN.
MAUDE AMBER.
ELEANOR JENKINS.
Etc. Etc., Etc.-
RESERVED SEATS— Night. 25c. 50c and
?5c; Saturday and Sunday Matinees, 25c and
50c; Children at Matinees. 10c and 25c.
PalarP DON'T FAIL TO
1 iliUWV gee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
ttUU PARLOR, the
ft 4 PALM ROOM, the
liniTifl LOUIS XV PAR-
ui aim LOR^ jmd xhc LA _
U~±~i~ DIES' WRITING
Hotels room -
BARTLETT SPRINGS
Now is the time to re-
gain your health and
have a good time.
Write J. E. McMAHAN, Bart-
lett Springs, Cal., or apply at No.
2 Sutter St., S. F., for full informa-
tion.
Pamphlets Mailed on Application.
f>
Santa Catalina Island
iyi Hours From Los Angeles.
Season 1908.
Our Marine Band of 30 Artists.
OUTDOOR PASTIMES, BOATING, BATH-
_NQ. FISH1NO. OOLJ", ETC
The Famous Canvas City is Now Open!
With aa Entirely New Equipment. In Shady
Oro-e.
HOTEL METBOPOLE,
With Modern Appointments. Always Open.
Reservations Made. Address
BANNING CO.. 222 SOUTH SPKINQ ST-
LOS ANGELES. OR
PECK'S BUREAU. 11 MONTGOMERT ST..
BAN FRANCI3CO.
HOTEL
Del Monte
The only roll links In California with full
18- hole course equipped with perennial turf
green*. This course is provided excluslT«Iy fcr
the ruerta of the hotel.
POLO, AUTOMOBILINQ,
GOLF AND SWIMMING
The year round. Rate*. $3 60 per day and up.
Special rates by the month on application to
GEORGE W. REYNOLDS. MgT.
Adams Springs
LAKE COUNTY. CAI-
STIX1. HAS T__G CROWD.
BEST WATER.
SUPERIOR SERVICE.
DurlEjr the month of August the celebrated
Merced Ccncert Band In full uniform will b«
at the springs.
DR. W. R. PRATHER. Prop.
Tahoe Tavern at Lake Tahoe
. Is now open for the reception of guests.
Our patron- of last ¦eaion say: "Ta-
hoe Tavern Is t_« equal of any lummer
retort hotel In the world, 1 *
and that Lake Taboe has no equal. Visit us
and prove statement for yourselves. Rate*
irom J3.5O per day upward. For particular!
or reservation of rooms address Tahoe Tavern,
Taboe City. Cat ¦
YOSEMITE VALLEY
O>TLT 18 HOURS FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
OVER OILED ROADS via WAWONA AND
INSPIRATION POINT.
THE ONLY ROUTE TO MAKIPOSA BIO
TREX8!
THE ONLY ROUTE VIA INSPIRATION
POINT!
For particulars address A. S. MANN, 613
MARKET ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.
HOTEL WILLITS.
Pint season. New building; up to date
equipment; over a hundred rooms, handsomely
Xurnlched; large dining-room; rooms en sulta
with private baths: hot and cold water; elec-
tric lights; first-class plumbing: and perfect
tewerage. Redwoods and mountainous country
around with all their pleasures; center of th»
deer bunting and Aching of Mendoclno County.
S2 to $3 60 per day; $10 to $18 per week. Ad-
orers WILLIAM WEIGAND. Manarer. WU-
Ilts. Mendoclno County. CaL
P-SCAOEBO.
6 wanton House, under new management.'
popular hotel of San Mateo Co. Commodious
cottages, beautiful grounds, famous pebbl*
beach fishing, hunting, sea bathing. Phone.
Rktes'. $8 and 110 per week. W. L. STEVENS.
; Proprietor.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\ • ¦
Of Fast Heart Lasted
160 Hours.
Doctors Didn't Know
What To Do.
Dr. Miles' Heart Cure and
• Nervine Cured Me.
"For seven years I have been troubled
with what the doctors called a 'fast heart,*
going: -t once from the usual beat to twice as
fast, which in a short time would exhauit me
terribly and only after treatment by a physi-
cian it would get back to normal speed.
These attacks increased in frequency and
severity until December, 1901, when they
came on once a week. Each attack would
lay me up a day or more. The attack begin- •
ning January 13th, 1902, lasted 160 hours
(almost a week) my heart beat almost one
hundred and fitly per minute and some
times more. During this week rav physician
consulted with four other doctors, but all to no
purpose. My heart finally slowed up, and it
was then a serious question with my family
what to do next; as tor me, I was too far gone
to care much what happened. Dr. Miles' al-
manac said, "write for advice" and my son
wrote, receiving a nice reply. A neighbor told
us he had used your remedies with great ben-
efit. I took courage, began the use of Dr.MUes'
New Heart Cure and Restorative Nervine
until I had taken eleven bottles of the Heart
Cure and seven bottles of the Restorative
Nervine. I had two slight attacks after I
began the use of your medicine the last one
lasting only thirty minutes. For more than
three months my heart has run without a
flurry. I am cured, and Dr. Miles' Remedies
did the work. I have been postmaster here
for more than ten years."— M. T. Cantrell,
P. M., Fredoaia, Kansas.
All druggists "sell and guarantee first bot-
tle Dr. MUes' Remedies. Send for free book
on Nervous and Heart Diseases. Address
Dr. Miles' Medical Co- Elkhart, Ind.
tfy\ Duplicates and Replied A*f^\
fjv Broken Eye Glass jf[l
\{'p Lenses for 50c.
I j Factory on premises. £*>i|
J^T Phone Main JO. 7 J
(|) QUICX REPAIRING. Vj
4__i_b _LjABfx_L_lL_a_r
Located tine miles northeart of Red BluS on ¦;
the Da* of th«? Southern Pacific Railroad.
The underE-^aed begs to inform the publlo |
that it has eucc*wled to the ownership and
management of these famous springs. s.cd It
it their puipoe* tn conduct them in a manner
; h*t ¦will Insure such care and comfort to its j
fatrons as will be thoroughly satisfactory. Par-
ticular attention will be given to the culstn*
and dirlEg-roctn service. Furthermore. It is
the intention ol the new owners to extensively
Improve and beautify the property — which,
added to the marvelous curative properties of
the various spring* in caces of Gout. Rheuma-
tism. Catarrh ct the Bladder. Gravel. Diabetes.
Kidney Trouble* of every variety. Urinary trou-
fcW Skin Diseases Dyspepsia. Cystitis and
ElocJ Diseases cf every description will place
the "TUSCAN SPRINGS" in the front rank
of the famou* mineral springs of the world.
Cases of RHEUMATISM GOUT AND ALL,
CI>OOD DISEASES WILL. BE ACCEPTED
V.VDER A GUARANTEE THAT THEY WILL.
BE CURED WITHIN A SPECIFIED TIME
OR ALL EXPENSES INCLUDING RAIL-
WAT FARE. WILL BE REFUNDED.
These wonderful eprtngs can be reached by
the Bourbem Paciflc Company's system of rsJI-
»ay • asd Its connections throughout the
United Etates.
Tuscan Mineral Springs Corporation.
An experlcsced physician resides at the springs.
8ta«r« transfer •errtc* between Red BluS and
Tuscan Eprir^s. <
Tor rstes cf fare and routes of travel apply
to ary Southern Tartflc Railroad Agent.
NAPA iNapa County,
SODA SPRINGS,) Cal. |
FOB HEALTH A>'D PLEASURE OO TO
Napa Bo<la Eprtngs. Situated 1000 feet abo-«
the beautiful Napa Valley. Hot asd cold soda
taths. EheUaad ponies aid burros for children.
Two trains &ally 7:30 a. zn. and 4 p. m. Add.
BOLLMAyN A JACOBS. Napa Soda Springs.
PARAISO SPRINGS
aCOZTTE-tXT COUHTT. C___.
The leading Summer Resort of the
Pacific Coast. Hot Soda, and Sulphur
Baths, large Swimming Tank, first-
class table. Send for beautiful illus-
trated booklet and rates to F. W.
Schroeder, Manager, or San Francis-
co Agent, II Montgomery street.
TO "WIND UP THE EUMltEn SEASON
/ETNA SPRINGS
It the Ideal p!ac« to ro. Grand scenery, witn
ir.vigora.tin* air and health-restortcg waters.
Id^al service. Charming cottage or hotel life.
I'learure _»d amusements cf -11 kinds. (7 round
trip from Ban Francisco.
AETHA EFRIUrGS COMFAZTT,
Aetna Bpr-ttf. gaga Co- CaL
NEW ANNEX
GOLF LINKS.
ORCHESTRA.
HOTEL VENDOME,
E AN JOSE. CAU
SWIMMING.
BOWLING.
AUTOMOBILES.
VJCHY SPRINGS.
: ::.:>* from Uk:s=h. Mendoctno Co. Natural
t iectrlc waters, champagne baths. Only plac*
n the world of this class. Fishing, buntl&fg
i ¦. »*.ai Eprlngs- Accommodations; table first*
¦•lass. J. A. REDEMETER A CO.. Props.
Campbell Hot Springs.
IS hours* rail to Boca; iu^e for springs con-
r.ectt 6 t. m. train from city; round- trip, la*
¦ . -c-.r.w stape. 114 60, good for season. Kates,
>10 per week.
Seigler Hot Springs.
Natural hot baths, wonderful stomach waters,
mumming pond, games, livery; $9 to $14 per
week. Booklets at Peck's, 11 Montgomery St..
or II. H. McGOWAX, Beigler. L-k« Co.. CaL
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
EEEWICK. EISKITOU Cv... CAU
*::-:• fighl&g, hunting and bealt- resort on
the cout. Send for booklet.
EDSON BROS., Proprietors.
ADVERTISE-EENTS.
Cash treatment
without
cash\,.
% Furniture, carpets, curtains
This is the proposition: You want to fur-
nish a home. You haven't enough ready cash
to pay in full when the goods are delivered,
aence you're compelled to buy "on time." Yet
you dislike trading in an out-and-out install*
ment store. How are you going to the
easy - payment accommodation and still buy.
your goods in one of the big first-class stores?
We offer you the way.
We loan you the money, charging simply
the regular banking rate of interest — six per
cent. You go then to one of the big, first-
class furniture stores where the stock is big
and fresh, and where satisfaction is certain;
and when you have made your selections pay;
your bill in good, hard cash.
The installment stores charge you ten per
cent above their cash prices for time. All you
pay us is six per cent. The actual saving to
you is FOUR PER CENT.
For instance: If your purchases amount to
$100.00 we will charge you $106.00— which is a
six per cent advance; then you pay us $20.00
cash and the balance in monthly payments
amounting to $8.60 each month. If your pur-
chases amount to $75.00 we will charge you
$79.50; you make us a cash payment on this
of $15^00 and pay the balance at the easy rate
of $6.45 per month.
investigate this — it will pay you.
O- >
Gould, Sullivan Co.
Smte 1403-05 "Call" Braiding, SSMSS.
Its least virtue is that
it lasts so.
Soap is for comfort and
cleanliness.
Pears' soap cleanliness —
perfect cleanliness and
comfort.
Sold all over the world.
AMUSEMENTS.
¦ X t*\ k rW A T> Belasco A Mayer,
ALCAZAR «. stu
Gen. MgT.
TO-NIGHT-3 MATS THIS WEEK.
USUAL MATS TO-DAY AND SATURDAY.
EXTRA MATINEE NEXT SUNDAY.
To supply the Enormous Demand for Seats for
the Quaint Rural Comedy,
THE DAIRY FARM.
1200 TIMES IN THE EAST.
"It i» a winner." — Call.
•Tilled with humor." — Examiner.
"Too few such plays." — Chronicle.
Exquisite Scenery — Picturesque Costumes.
# COAST TOUR TO FOLLOW.
Evg , 25c to 75c; AM Three Mats. 13c to Me.
MONDAY, Aug. 31— Special season of
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In THE UNWELCOME MR3. HATCH.
IfA-ilFORNIft
U Welcome to the nation's _B-&
heroes to-night In honor o! I I
the visiting veterans cf th»
__ Grand Army, the remarkable. __
75 Nelll-Morosco Company will YS
*" present the great war play. *
Kf\ "Shenandoah." Most brll- Rf%
** v llant military spectacle ever ** vr
« K seen on the stage ; 200 regn- O
--*/ lar soldiers in the marvelous --**
battle scene. Prices. 23c. 50c.
75c. Bargain matinee to-day,
9Vn 25 ° and c - N * xt Monday.
|ll "Mrs. Dane's Defense." L
II HEAT RU
TIYOU8S8S-;
TO-NIGHT and all this week.
SATURDAY MATINEE.
In Response to the General Demand.
CflmiLLC D ARVILLB
Will Continue in DeKoven's Great Cotnie
Opera.
THE HIGHWAYMAN.
The cast Is a special one throughout!
EDWIN STEVENS as FOXY QUILLEB.
Arthur Cunningham, Ferris Hartman. Ed-
ward Webb. Annie Myers. Marie Walsh. Atmes
Leicester and the entire Tivoll company.
The Grand Opera Stswn Will open on
MONDAY. August 31. Seats fo? tale
From Monday, Au_u»t 24.
POPULAR PRICES 23c, 50c. 73c
Telephone— Push 0.
HIih-CI ass Specialties Every Afternoon
and Evening In the Theater.
TONIGHT. .
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCB
Concluding With—
NEW LIVING PICTURES.
TAKE A TRIP "DOWN THE FLUME."
VISIT THE
"MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE"
ADMISSION 10c , I CHILDREN 5o
Symphony Concerts.
FRITZ SCHEEL, 'ffiffi
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
CHANGES OK DATES OF CONCERTS.
The SYMPHONY SOCIETY anounce- that
the concerts under the direction of MR.
SCHEEL will take place on TUESDAYS in-
stead of Fridays, at 3:15 p. m. The next con-
cert will be on TUESDAY. Au*. 25. at 3:15 p.
m The remaining six concerts on: . Tuesday.
Sept. 1; Tuesday. Sept. 8: Tuesday. Sept. IS;
Tuesday Sept 22; Tuesday. Sept. 23; Tuesday.
Oct 6 Seats on sale at Sherman & Clay •
Music Store, cor. Sutter and Kearny «ts..
Thursday morale* and after. Price*: 50c SI.
tl 25 $1 5Oi Tickets good for Tuesdays of the
weefc'of their dates.
k ». *_7" * ** i w .^i •H^£^^!*^f^^^^ "^^^~^^^~f 5—M— L— —————— 3——_ —_ry^—i^—^*cc^______»__—-»Manager "Billy" Madden in Town.
•CHICAGO. Aug., 19.— Ed- E. Farley. tHe
.Detroit race . horse , owner who has been
behind the fights against the Washington
Park and Harlem race tracks, Is wanted
in Michigan to-. stand' trial there on- a
charge of. substituting race horses,,tech
nically known as "ringing."- Judge Chet
lain to-day refused to grant his release
on : a writ of ; habeas corpus. ; Farley is
under arrest, but has been released- on
bonds. ' ¦
Farley Wanted in Michigan.
• Thomaa Brady, .the aged veteran fire
man who fell, down a flight of stairs at
the Pioneer building last Thursday night,
died at St. Luke's Hospital ' yesterday
morning. Brady's skull was fractured
and he received internal injuries which
hastened his death. WS^Sk^M
Brady Dies of Injuries.
The regular monthly boxing exhibition
of the Ban Francisco Athletic Club wiil
be held to-morrow night in the Sixth
street gymnasium. Bonar Wilt will meet
Billy Stewart, the champion middleweight
of the navy. Healy Conna of Australia
will make his first appearance here In a
bout with Billy Platt, a lightweight from
the navy. The other bouts include Kid
Parker vs.' Jack Dunne, Mike Synfy|.vs.
Charles Trolsen, William BorBl vs. Wil
liam Perkins, Dave Campbell vs. Jack
Lenihan and Pierpont Ordway vs. Billy
Duffy. Alex Greggalns will referee.
Amateur Boxers in th© Ring.
Make Fifty-Eight Hits in Two
Games, Scoring Forty-Two Runs.
iV : PACIFIC NATIONAL LEAGUE.
• W.L.P'ct. W.L.P'ct.
Los Angeles.. 66 42 .612 Seattle 57 49 .540
Butte 64 42 .(108 8an Fran ...56 63 .514
Kpokane ....CO 48 .556 Salt Lake ...14 29 .320
LOS ANGELEJS, Aug. 19.— Rellly'a team re
turned to town, and opened to-day at Prager's
Park with San Francisco. The local team
brought many players whose faces are new to
the home followers of the game.. A fairly
good crowd turned out to see them perform.
It was a battlr.fr contest from start to finish,
the locals winning out by opportune stick work
and good base running:. Householder made his
first appearance, here this season. Score:
R.- H. E.
Lob Angeles ....12 14 0 2 0 3 0—13 14 2
San Francisco ..2 1300211 O — 10 15 , a
Batteries — A. Hlldebrand and H. HUdebrand-
Leltinan and Zearfoss.
BUTTE, Aug. 19.— Butte won to-day In a*
ten-inning slugging, match. Spokane's clever
fielding kept the score close.' Score:'
R. H. E.
Butte . 8 00002 100 1 — 10 17 2
Spokane . ...321000300 O — 9 12 3
Batteries— Lundbohn and Henry; Slagle and
Hanson. -
SALT LAKE. Utah. Aug. 19.— There was no
game here to-day, . owing to the non-arrival of
the Seattle team. Two games will be played
both on Saturday and Sunday.
EATTERS IN GOOD FORM.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 19.— The game be
tween Sacramento and Seattle to-day devel
oped into a pitchers' battle betewen Carrick
and Cutter. -In which the Senators bunched
three hits on Carrick in the' second Inning and
won the game. Cutter was too much of a
puzzle for the Si washes at all stages. Score: I
It. H. E.
Sacramento 0 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 — 3 6 o
Seattle . , 0 0 0 10 0 0 0 0—1 « 2
Batteries — Cutter and Graham; Carrick and
Wilson. Umpire — O'Connell.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 19.— Big Warren Hall
scattered Oakland's hits throughout nine in
nings to-day, not enough of them coming in
any one inning to give the Cripples a score.
Most of the hits made by the locals were op
portune. Wheeler put the ball over right field
fence for a home run. In spite of the heat,
which was the severest or the year, 2500 fans
saw the game. Score:
R. H. E.
Oakland. 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0 8 2
Los Angeles . ...1 0 0 0 2 0 0 Ox— 3 6 3
Batteries— Cooper and Gorton; Hall and Hurl
burt. • Umpire — McDonald.
OAKLAND IS SHUT OUT.
Fail to Land Consecutively on the
Offerings of Pitcher Hall.
The champions and the cliallengers ap
peared to be in prime form. Play began
at top speed. .The first set went to the
champions. Both teams fought hard for
the second set. and it was full v of bril
liant rallies, but the British players took
the lead and were never headed. In the
third the Americans fought gamely, but
they were no match for the clever Eng
lishmen.
Next to the doubles in importance was
the match in singles between R. F. Do
herty and Krelgh Collins. Each player
had played in the hard doubles match in
the morning, besides disposing of a man
in singles in the early afternoon, but in
spite of this handicap both put up a very
creditable game. Doherty took the first
set, 6-2, but Collins was always at the
net In the second set and played so well
that he won, 6-2. Doherty took the lead
in the third set, 5-4, and 40-30, but Collins
ran the game out, and eighteen games
were played before the Britisher played
the set to his credit. In the fourth set
Doherty forced himself more and ran out
quite easily, 6-3. Summary:
American tennis championship In doubles—
R. F. and H. L. Doherty (holders) beat
Krelgh Collins and L. H. Waidner (challen
gers), 7-5, 6-3, 6-3.
Championship singles, first round — R. Ste
vens beat R. L. Dana, 6-1, 6-1, 6-1. Second
round— N. Mellard beat H. W. Slocum. 7-6.
0-2. 6-4: C. M. Bull beat W. W. White Jr..
0-7, 6-2, 6-1. 6-3; C. - E. Sands beat H. J.
Nealy by default. Third round— R. II. Carle
ton beat E. A. Freehman, 6-2. 6-2. 6-3; W. J.
Clothier beat C. E. Sands, 6-2, 4-5, 6-3,. 6-1.
NEWPORT, R. I., Aug. >19.-The Do
hertys retain their, hold on the national
doubles championship to-day - by a bril
liant straight set victory over Collins and
Waidner, the challengers. H. L. Doherty
was the most effective of the four. The
Western team played* much, better tennis
than yesterday, when they- defeated the
Eastern champions. Ward and Ware.
Another perfect day cheered the play
erB and spectators alike. The betting fa
vored the Dohertys. The Dohertys suc
cessfully defended their title as Ameri
can tennis champions, winning in straight
sets from Collins and Waidner, 7-5, 6-3,
6-3. ¦ -•. - . '«*¦-.. ¦ J
Defeat Clever Western
Team, Collins. and
Waidner. x
The work of the team . has improved
about 500 per cent since showing here on
the last trip. They can run bases and
they can hit and field the ball like
real champs. Then they have developed
the useful habit of yelling at the umpire
every time he has to give a decision.
This shows they ¦ want to win a few
games and the man with the indicator
has to look sharp else they speak their
minds.
The principal trouble with the home
stickers yesterday was their inability to 1
get jerry to the offerings .of Southpaw
Shields at the time hits meant a great
deal more than money to - them. He
pitched a fine quality of ball from the
start and, barring a little wildness in one
or two innings, was perfect. Then his
support was the best that is ever tended
a slab artist, not one of his backers
throwing him down on a single chance.
Herr, for the home team, was also in
the going some himself, but in the ninth
Inning they happened to wallop him when
the. time was" right for tallies. Hollings
worth led off with a double to the score
board and Shea drove him In with a hit
to short center, winning the game. The
score:
San Francisco — Portland —
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Shay..- s. 4 O 1 « ,'i H'rlb't.rf 5 0 0 2 0
Meany.rf 3 0 0 0 0 VB'rn.lb 4 1 2 14 1
Irwin, 3b 4 0 1 1 .1 N'd'au.lf 2 0 0 0 1
Leahy, c 4 0 0 1 2 A*drsn.2b 4 0 12 5
Pabst. lb 4 0 1 14 0 Frncis.3b 3 0 13 4
Krufr. cf 2 0 0 0 0 Hgswth.s 4 12 3 3
Lynch. If 3 1 2 6 0 Blake, cf 1 0 0 2 0
Dimas,2b 1 O O O 4 Shea. c. 4 n 1 3 o
Herr, p. 3 0 0 0 S Shlelds.p 4 0 0 0 6
Totals. 28 1 6 27 16 Totals. 31 2 7 27 20
RUNS AND HITS BY INNING8.
Portland .... .1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1—2
Base: hits 2 0 1110 0 0 2—7
San Francisco..... 0 0 1 0,O O 0 O 0 — 1
Base hits 0 01~l 0 1 10 1 — 3
SUMMARY. -
Stolen bases— Van . Buren, Shay. Error—Ir
win. Two-baee hits — Anderson, Hollingsworth.
Sacrifice hits — Nadeau, Delmas (2), Blake (2).
First base on errors — Portland 1. First base
on called bails — Off Herr. 2; off Shields. 4.
Left" on bases — San Francisco 5. Portland 6.
Struck out — By Herr, 1; by Shields. 2. Hit by
pitcher— Francis. Passed ball — Leahy. Wild
pitch — Shields. Time of game — One hour ano
thirty-live minutes. Umpire — Levy.
In the outfield Blake, a new man from
the Eastern league, is in charge of cen
ter. The other two fly chasers. Spec
Hurlburt and Nadeau, were ..with the
team on the former trip here. So, all the
way through, the nine is a pretty swell
combination of talent and will make them
all go some to win ere the season comes
to an end.
The Portland team, with a new bunch
of faces and a new lease of life, trotted
about the green at the Eighth street lot
yesterday afternoon with that air of con
fidence and that swagger attitude which
plainly bespeaks the real cream cheese
in any kind of a sporting event. These
men of the north, who have been earning
reputations for valor on the native field,
showed yesterday they were there. Never
did the home team ' seem able to cope
with them and the game finished Port
land 2, San Francisco 1.
'Tis a different team ' altogether which
now represents the metropolis of the
northwest. The infield is all changed,
with the exception of-Anderson at second,
and there is no need of changing him.
Colonel Van Buren now does the act on
the first station; Hollingsworth, of light
foot fame, is stationed at short, and
Francis, who comes from the Eastern
league with a record as a ball player a
yard long, has the honor of receiving all
basemen who slide into third.
W.UP'ct.1 W.I*P"ct.
Lo» Angeles .79 45 .6381 Portland 54 62 .467
San Fran ...71 57 .554|Seattle 53 67 .4*0
Sacramento .63 62 .."506 Oakland 54 81 .400
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
DOHERTYS HOLD
CHAMPIONSHIP
2:18 trotting • class ; purse $1000 — Dillon won
the first and third heats in 2:14V4. 2:12%. 'Ada
Gray won the second heat in. 2:13%. Grace
Keller Joe N. Neckette. Crow Shade, Dark
Secret,' Christine G and Hie Boy also started.
The Metropolitan: $5000 purse;, 2:20 paces-
Dick "Wilson won the first, fourth and sixth
heats In 2:08. 2:10*4. 2:12. Hal Chaffin .won
the third and fifth heats in 2:09. 2:14. Dlabltt
won the second heat in 2:08%. Mary Anna
and Gilbert H also started.
Special against time to beat 2:003i. and $2500
to ¦ beat world's record; 1 :5!Hi pacing — Dan
Patch, b h. by Patchen-Zelica, by VVilkes
Berry (McHenry). Time. :29U. :B8%. 1:2914,.
1 :5».
Kentucky Stock Farm; purse $5000; for three,
year-old trotters; three in five — Ethel's Pride
won the second third and fourth heats In 2:14,
2:13>i. 2:lti>/4. Mary Gage won the first heat
in 2:10>4. LIbbie Queen. Bob Burdette, Gra
nolno and Blossom also started.
2:07 pace; purse $1000; mile and one-half —
Locands won in 3:15U- Winneld Stratton,
Onoto. Sphinx. Sufreet. Charley Hoyt, Berdina
and Bpausant also started.
The new champion was not at all dis
tressed and looked as if he will be able,
before the season is over, to beat his own
record. The betting was . even money,
either for or against his beating the
record. Summary:
NEW YORK, Aug. 19.— Dan Patch broke
the world's record to-day for. pacers by
pacing a mile in 1:59 at Brighton Beach.
It was a magnificent performance and
seemed an impossibility, the wind and
track considered.
. There was a stiff breeze blowing, which
struck the horse fairly in the face. The
track was a little slow, but the effect of
the wind was discounted by sending a
runner in front -while the second runner
galloped alongside. In view of the ad
verse condition the. announcement was
made that Dan Patch would go against
the track record of 2:00?i, but also would
try to beat the champion record of l:59Vi,
held since 1897 by Star Pointer. "
When the unbeaten pacer (for Dan
Patch never lost a race) appeare.d on the
track he was loudly cheered and after a
few preliminary warm-ups he got the
word. With a swift, frictionless stride,
he shot from the wire and seemed to be
determined to push his nose into the fly
ing sulky in front of him. which the
thoroughbred in the shafts was steadily
pulling ahead. On swept the famous
pacer to the quarter in 29V4 and when the
half-mile pole was flashed past in 58>i a
great cheer went up from the vast crowd.
Then came the difficult top turn and
the slowest quarter of the mile ensued,
the three-quarters being done in 1:29%.
But down the stretch as swift and steady
as a locomotive he came, and as he shot
under the wire the watches stopped at
1:59.
A Double and a Single During
Last Inning Decide
Contest b
Adverse Conditions Make
Achievement the More
Remarkable.
Horse in Harness Goes
; a Mile in 1:59
Flat.
Uncle's Men Are Game
but They; Lose by
One Tally. -
PORTLANDS PLAY
LIKE CHAMPIONS
STAR POINTER'S
TIME SHATTERED
OLYMPIAN GAMES
ARE SCHEDULED
ALAMEDA CREW
IS VICTORIOUS
Provisional Programme
Is Made Out by the
Committee.
Defeats the South End
Pour Cleverly at
Astoria.
Contests Cover Practically
All the Sports of the
World.
Queen Frances Is Crowned
in the Presence of a
Great Throng.
;ASTORIA. Or., Aug. 19.— The first day
of the ninth annual regatta opened with
the crowning of the queen this morning
and closed with a ball to-night. The cor
onation ceremonies were performed in
a decorated barge in front of the grand
stand and in the presence of an enormous
crowd. When her majesty. Queen
Frances, at the close of the coronation
ceremonies rose to declare the regatta
fcrmally opened, tremendous cheers went
up from the crowd. Scores of whistles
from steamers joined in the outburst. On
the royal barge, besides the visiting car
nival queens, maids and ladiss-ln-waitlng,
were Governor Chamberlain and staff in
uniform, Admiral Smith and staff and
Mayor Suprenant. The Mayor officiated
as master of ceremonies.
The United States cruisers Marblehead
and Concord with the rest of the fleet
taking part in the ceremonies were pro
fusely decorated with the stars and
stripes. The street parade ' was one of
the largest ever seen on Astoria's streets.
The races were spirited and well at
tended. For the first time in the history
of Astoria regattas foreign crews parti
cipated in the junior four-oared barge
race. The contestants entered were
crews from Vancouver and Victoria, B.
C. It was a closely contested race, Vic
toria winning by three seconds.
The California crews, Alameda, South
End and Ariel, raced for a prize offered
for senior barge races. Alameda held
the lead from the start, winning from
the South End crew by five seconds and
from the Ariels by twenty seconds.
The cutter race was won by the crew
from the lighthouse tender Manzanlla
over crews from the Columbine and
Heather, also lighthouse tenders.
A four-oared race between local crews.
"West Enders against East Enders. was
won by the former.
The hose race was won by Astoria
against Oregon City and .Vancouver.
FOOTBALL MEN TO MEET
AND DISCUSS SCHEDULES
University of Nevada Men Anxious
to Meet the Elevens Representing
Berkeley and Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Aug. 19.—
Dr. A. C. Steckle, manager and coach of
the University of Nevada football team,
was at Stanford to-day for a conference
with Student-Treasurer D. V. Cowden
concerning games for the approaching
gridiron season. The Nevada players,
who showed such surprising strength last
year in games with Stanford and the
University of California, desire to enter
the lists again this fall. Manager Steckle
is anxious to arrange for a series of
games similar to that of the previous sea
son. Owing to the fact that the Stanford
and California schedules largely depend
on each other. Treasurer Cowden was un
able to fix any definite dates with the
Nevada manager. However, in order that
the schedules may be fixed without fur
ther delay it was decided to hold a joint
meeting in San Francisco, at which the
managers of the three universities may
come together to survey the situation. At
this conference, which will be held proba
bly to-morrow afternoon, Cowden and
Steckle will meet Decoto of California
and some definite conclusion will be
reached.
In speaking of Nevada's chances in the
coming season of pigskin battles. Man
ager Steckle said: ."From present'indi
cations we will have a better trained and
a more strongly organized eleven than we
put out last year.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 19.— The Amateur
Athletic Union's committee, vested with
full power to arrange for ths Olympian
games of 1904, at the. World's Fair, held
their final meeting here this week with
J. E. Sullivan, chief of the Department
of Physical Culture. The members of the
committee present were President Walter
H. Llginger of the Amateur Athletic
Union, E. E. Babo. Harry McMillan. H.
G. Garneau and John J. O'Connor.
The Olympic Interscholastic committee wai
appointed, wlthT. P. Senter of Smith Academy
as chairman: T. C. Bland of St. Louis, Horace
Butterwortb of Northwestern University. John
S. Rhodes. New York Interscholastic Associa
tion; D. R. James, Princeton: Clive Duval.
Yale; Everett Jansen Wendell. Harvard; George
W. Orton, University of Pennsylvania; C. K.
Adams. New York University, and three- more
representatives to be appointed from collegia!*
on interscholastic associations in the North
west.
Committee on golf — F. W k Gerould, Chicago
Athletic Club, chairman; G»orge S. McGrew. .
St. Louis: C. W. Scudder, St. Louis; I* Stick
ney, St. Louts, and F. S. Semple.
Irish sports — John J O'Connor, chairman; P.
J. Conway. D. F. Cohalan. Victor Dowling.
Judge O'Neill Ryan. Colonel Mathew Kiely,
J. Sheehan. P. R. Fitzgibbon. James- J. Mc-
Olynn. Timothy Danaher. P. W. Byrne and
M. M. Cregan.
Dwifcht Davis was appointed chairman of thm
lawn tennis committee, with Howard Eltlng
as the St. Louis member. Other members will
be added. L. J. Doyle of the Crescent Athletic
Club was appointed chairman ef th« lacrosse
committee. A. G. Batchelder of the National
Cycling Association was appointed chairman o£
the cycling committee and James G. Boyil.
chairman of the cricket committee. Asso
ciated on the cricket committee will be Dr. E.
Duckworth of St. Louis.
Baseball — A committee of three was ap
pointed on the national game. Harry Pulllam.
president of the National League; Ban John
son, president of the American League, and P.
T. Powers, president of the National Asso
ciation of Professional Baseball Clubs.
Strong men of the world will have
ample opportunity to settle the question
of supremacy in connection with the
Olympian games, an all around dumbbell
contest having been arranged, open to
amateurs.
The following schedule of events for
the Olympic season of 1904 has- been ap
proved by the committee:
May 14 — Interscholastic meet, for St. l/ouii
only. ¦ •
May 21 — Open handicao athletic meeting.
May 2S — Interscholastic meet for the school*
of Louisiana Purchase territory.
May 30^ — Western college championships.
June 2 — A. A. L*. handicap meeting.
June 3 — A. A. U. Junior championships.
June 4 — A. A. V. aenior championships.
June 11 — Olympic college championship*,
open to colleges of the world.
June 1-J — Central association championships.
June IS— Mass exhibition. Turners.
June 20 to 23— College baseball.
July 1 and 2 — Turners' international and in
dividual team contest.
July -I — A. A. U. ill-round championships.
July 5. 6 and 7 — Lacrcase. '
July s and 8 — Swimming and water polo
championships.
July 11 and 12 — Interscholastic basket-ball
championships.
July 13 ud 14— T. M. C. A. basket-ball
championships.
July 15 and 16 — Olympic world's basket-ball
championships.
July Is and 19 — Basket-baa. — - -
July 20 to 23 — Irish sports, hurting and
Gaelic football. '
July 2?> — Open athletic club handicap meet
ing the Western Association, A. A, U.
July 30— Championships of the Western As
sociation. A. A. I*.
August 5 and e — Interscholastic champion
ships, schools of the world.
August 8 to IS — Tennis.
September 1. 2 and 3— <Jlympic games.
September 8 to 10 — World's fencing chain
plonshlps.
September 12 to 15— Olympic cricket cham
pionships.
October 1 — Military carnival.
October 14 and 13 — A. A. XT. wrestling;
championships.
October 28 — A. A. U. gymnastic champion
ships.
October 20 — Gymnastic championships.
November 10 and 11 — Relay racing, open to
athletic clubs, colleges, schools and Y. II. C. A.
November 12 — College football.
November 15 and l«t— Association football.
November 17 — Association football (morning).
November 17 — Cross-country championship*
(afternoon).
November 18— -Association football.
November 19 — Association football.
November 24 — College football. Cast and
West, and local cross-country championships.
CLAIMS HER SON HAS
. BEEN ENTICED AWAY
CLASSMATES BEAR RALPH
MAYON TO RESTING PLACS
Funeral of Popular Toung Student of
Oakland High School Held
Yesterday. .
OAKLAND, Aug. 19.— The funeral of
James Ralph Mayon, who died at tha
home of his parents. 1069 Market street,
last Monday, tooE place from the family
residence at 11 a. m. to-day. Principal
Pond of the Oakland High School at
tended the funeral and the following
fellow students of the young man acted
as pallbearers:
William Roberts, Elton McNamara.
George Davis. Stewart Irwin. Frank
Madden and Charles Dunham.
Services were conducted by Rev. Dr.
Hulme. rector of St. Paul's Church.
OAKLAND. Aug. 19.— Th© Alsmeda
County Epworth League Alliance will
hold Its regular quarterly rally at the
Eighth avenue Methodist Episcopal
Church to-morrow evening. Addresses
will be made by the Rev. Dwight E. Pot
ter. Rev. Clarence Reed of San Francis
co. Rev. H. E. Mllnes of Santa Clara.
Assemblyman W. H. Waste and W. A.
Kllng. secretary of the Oakland Young
Men's Christian Association.
Will Hold Quarterly Rally.
Mrs. J. P. Setancue Applies for Po
lice Assistance to Locate
Missing Boy.
OAKLAND, Aug. 19.-Mrs. J. P. Betan
cue, residing at 566 Eleventh street, has
complained to the police that her son.
Frank Powers,' 16 years of age, has dis
appeared under circumstances which im
pel the anxious mother to believe that
he has been enticed away from home
by his stepfather. J. P. Betancue, an in
surance agent. The boy* left home Sun
day. Mrs. Betancue claims, and gave no
sign that he intended to remain away.
The Betancues are separated, the wife
having brought suit for a divorce last
month. The missing boy is a son of Mrs.
Betancue by a former husband, W. F.
Powers, an employe of the Oakland Cream
Depot, from whom the mother was di
vorced several years ago.
Betancue was interviewed by the police,
but he denied all knowledge of the step
son's whereabouts.
Irrigation Congress Delegates.
OAKLAND. Aug. 19.— Mayor Warren
Olney requests citizens to communicate
with him concerning appointments of del
egates to the Eleventh National Irriga
tion Convention which will be held at
Ogden Seotember 15 to 18. The city Is
entitled to four delegates. The Mayor Is
desirous that a full representation be
made.
UNBEATEN DAN PATCH LOWERS THE WORLD'S PACING RECORD
FALELLA MAKES
POOR SHOWING
KENNER STAKES
FOR INJUNCTION
"Lepper" Runs in Bad
Form at Hawthorne
Track.
Heavily - Backed Grey
Friar Not in the
Money.
Heavy Betting on a Sprint
Captured by A. D.
Gibson.
Shorthose Poorly Handled by
Haack at a Critical
Juncture.
Special Dispatch to The Call
CHICAGO, Aug. 19.— Interest In to-day's
races at Hawthorne, centered In the third
event, a sprinting affair at six furlongs.
All of the horses were well played, the
bulk of the money going In on A. D. Gib
son at 11 to 5. Gibson Jumped Into the
lead soon after the start and maintained
It to the wire, winning easily.
Falella's bad race In the steeplechase
was questioned by the judges. The last
time out Falella won easily from practi
cally the same field that started to-day.
This afternoon she could not ge/ up a re
spectable gallop I and was disgracefully
beaten.
Late to-night it was announced that
Judge Bryan had Indefinitely suspended
Jockey M. Kelly for his suspicious ride on
Falella.
Nothing new transpired to-day in the
Holtman-Corrigan controversy. Holtman
still wields the flag.
Weather clear; track fast. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling:
Betting. Horse^ Weight, Jockey. St. »i Fin.
3 to 1— Determination. 98 (Philpa) 4 2 11
4 to 1— Rusk, 10S (Helgesen) 7 2 2 \i
15 to 1— Durbar, 101 (Knapp) 8 6 3 n
Time. 1:02 «3-5. Start fair. Won handily.
Winner. Fred Cook's b. f. by Rough and
Ready-Fatality. J. \V. O'N'elll 103. Banwell
98 Doric* 96, Monts 90. Requirms U9. Charlie
Slade 104, Shaitan 101, Apolllnaris 101. Elie
i*C\ Mary Dunn 104, Louise Melning 101, also
nut.
SECOND RACE — Steeplechase; short course;
handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey.- St. *i Fin.
9 to 5— Indian II, 13t$ (Hueston).. 22 12
7 to 1— Paulaker, 145 (Zeno) 4 12 1
25 to 1 — Oliver Mac, 130 (Corbley). 3 2 3 4
Time, 2:50 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, E. Corrlgan's b. g. by Indio- Lucerne.
Falella 140. Anchor 142, also ran.
THIRD RACE — Six furlongs; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to .%— A. D. Gibson. 104 (Wilson) 11 1 1V4
s to 1— Wainamolnen. 1«2 (Adks) 3 4 2 14
13 to 1— B. Ormonde, 107 (Watbry) « 5 3 1
Time. 1:13. Start eood. Won caelly. Win
ner W. W. Darden & Co.'s ch. s. by Favor-
Kate Pelletler. L'Etrenne 102, Sylvia Talbot
105, Toah 104, Glenrlce 95, also ran. -
FOURTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
handicap: ,
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 5— Orsina 9S (Adklns) 3 1 1 2>4
9 to 2— The Giver, 104 (Blrkruth) 2 3 2 V4
13 to 1— Huzzah. 99 (Bobbins) 5 5 3 1(4
Time 1 :47 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner P. Dunne's blk. t. by Orsini-Slee.
Warte Xicht 104, Bragg 107. also ran.
FIFTH RACE — One mile and seventy yards;
selling:
Batting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1— Cornwall, 105 (Williams). 7 7 1 Vi
6 to 1 — Meehanus. 109 .Bonner). 6 3 2 1
15 to 1 — Frivol. 97 (Spencer) 10 9.3 1
Time. 1:45 3-5. Start excellent. Won driv
ing. Winner J. H. Slack's br. c. by Faraday-
Alta Blue. Pronta 98, C. B. Campbell 101,
Kunja 102, Louisville 104, Moabina 103. Head
water WH, Silver Flu 104, Domadms 104, v also
ran.
SIXTH RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
jiurse;
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. »i Fin.
6 to 1— Don Liomo, 100 (Ferrell).. 4 2 13
« to 1— Auditor 111 (Helgesen).. 1 1 2 H
Itt to 1— Peter Paul, 113 (Pollak).. 3 3 3 h
Time. 1 :U" 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J. F. Newman's br. g. by Raneocos-
Falthless. English Lad 113, Flo Bob 111,
Prince Sllverwlnes 111. J. P. Mayberry HI.
Orangeman 100, also ran.
Pp*elal IMspatch to The Call.
'SAKATOGA. N. Y.. Aug. 19— Grey
Friar, heavily hacked to win the Kenner
Fta.kes, ran unplaced to-day, and that,
too. with the weights all In his favor. The
Ftake was worth $4550 to the winner. Fox
haJl P. Keene's Injunction, which was an
ridded starter. At the last furlong pole
Shoithose seemed a likely winner, but
there Gannon made a really urgent call
upon Keene's colt, whose response was
prompt and satisfactory, and he won by
about a length from Shorthose. not well
handled by Haack at a critical Juncture.
Reliable ran the gooii. game race that
h* always has, but was outrun in the last
furlong, while Grey Friar finished fourth.
Klark Hussar, whose excessive knee ac
tion was more pronounced than ever be
fore, was not far behind at the finish.
Weather, clear; track fast. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Handicap, all ages, iix fur
lonjs:
letting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
7 to 1 — Ingold. 110 tBurns) 2 3 11
1 to 1— Irene Llndwy. 115 (Coburn) 1 12"
10 to 1— The G'ardsmn. 107 (Fuller) 5 6 J 2
Time. 1:12 1-5. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner. A. Featheret one's b. g. by Ingoldsby
r.«dianc*. Rac* King 103. Alabarch 117. Ma
ior I>alnterfield 128. Oarsman 107. Hlyrta 10S.
J-hamplain ;w. Nettle Repent 103. Red Hook
](V». St. Daniel 1"7, Toung Henry 125, Bath
Ueach 96, also ran.
SECOND RACE — Steeplechase, handicap,
sbout" two and a half mile*:
Betting. Horw. Weight. Jockey. St. ?« Fin.
5 to 2— Tankard. 1M (G. Green).. 1 1 1 15
H(> to i — lieau Ideal. 140 moderick). 6 3 i a
o0 to 1— Daryl, 12S (Ray) 5 4 3
Time 5-13. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. T. Hitchcock Jr.s br. g. by King Mldas-
Epergne. Highble ISA. Manilian 130. Srmi
noie 13.\ Semoer Ira 14O. also ran. Ixun rour
f'll.
THIRP RACE— Selling, two-year-olds, five
and a half furlongs:
Petting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *» Fin.
J«> to ft — Ocean Tide. 10C (Burns)... 1 1 1 •>
1<» to 1— Juv. Maxim. 110 (J.Martin) 3 2 2 1
& to .%— Wizard. 109 (Gannon) 2 3 { h
Time, 1 :O0 2-5. Star poor. Won easily. « in
fr»r P.' H. McCarren> b. g. by St. George-
Come and Go. Auf Weiderschen 97. Excen
tral 94 Thp Bowery 103. Sllverrr.eode 09, Ho
rro 94.' Mildred L M 101. Kingsborough 10S.
Amberita V.*. also ran.
FOURTH RACK— Tbe K*-nner Stakes, three
j »ir-r'4f, one and one-<juarter mile*:
Betting. Horse. Weight. lacker. St. «i Fin.
r, to 1 — Injunction. 128 (Gannon).. 4 4 12
<; 10 1 — Short Hose. 129 <Haack) 5 2 2 3
5 to 1-R'llabl*. 126 tRedfern) 3 3 3 H
Time. 2:CC. 4-5. Start good. Won cleverly.
Winner. F. P. Keene's ch. c. by St. Leonards
rrohiliitlnn II. Grey Friar los. Sir Voorhies
111. Hlack Hussar 11C, also ran.
FIFTH RACK — Purse, maiden two-year
t/Ma, t-ix. furlong*:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ¦; Fin.
3« to ;?— ThcMinuteman, 112 (O'Neill) 4 2 12
If. to 5 — Crown Prlnc*. 112 (Redfern) 3 12 2
2 to 1 — Kohinoor. 112 (Gannon) 2 4 .'! 4
Time, l :i:i. Start fair. Won handily. Win
ner. H. T. Griffin'* ch. c. by Juvenal -Semper
lVratus. Requlter 112. Rockaway 112, St.
Jolly' 112. Fort Plain 112. alS5 ran.
SIXTH RACE— Selling, three-year-olds and
cpward. one mile:
!>tting. Hoire. Welpht. Jockey. St. % Fin.
«; to 1 — LadyPotentate. 101 (Redrn) .1 f. 1 '»
«i to 1— Syrlin. ».l «Feicht) 12 21
13 to 5— Royal. 104 <O'N>ill) 2 1 3 '4
Time. 1 '.:» 3-5 Start bad. Won driving.
Winner. E. It. Thomas' ch. m. by Potentate-
Htratrtne. Ella Snyder 87. -Rocky 101. St. Se
- er 101. Lord Advocate 106, Slide!! lOtl. Rus
sell Carth OoldFby 112. Stuyve 1«5, also
ran.
SEVENTH RACE— Selling, two-year-ojds,
five and a half furlongs:
Hetting. Hor»e. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
Irt to 1— Toi San. 94 (DeSouza> 4 1 1 h
4 to 1— Monastic, 107 <Bullman).. 2 3 2 4
ft to 1 — Tom Cod, 1U2 (J. Martin).. 6 4 3 2
Tun*. 1 :07. Start fcooA. Won driving. Win
ner. Plea^ance Stable's b. f. by Peesara-Diana.
Cake 101, Redmaa 1OU. Duncannon »4,
viona 104. Lowcut W. Ktumpy 104. Fair
Owen 97. Sea Gate 94, Pleaisant Memories 104,
al«) ran.
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
CHICAGO. Aug. 19.— Hawthorne entries:
First race six furlongs, selling — Fleuron 111,
Firi-t Pa*t 'll»7. Automaton 107. Hindus 1O4,
Pomplno 104, Censor 102, Alline Abbott OKI.
Marineuse 102, Schwarzwald Hl«. Bud Embry
lrt», Pompey 1*9, Dutch Carter tm, Dodle S 97,
Delagoa 97.
Second race, seven furlongs, hlghwelght han
dicap — Dr Stephens 118, Federal 116. Collon
ade 113, Port Royal 112. Semper Vivum 110,
St. Tammany 100, First Chip 105, The Forum
11H Father Wentker 104. Vestry 104.
Third race, six furlongs, selling, Midsummer
stakes, two-year-olds — Buccaneer 107. Elwood
100. Aggie Lewis 100, Susie Christian 100,
Chockayotte 100. Outwal 100. Sweetie VS. Tryon
98. Glisten «5. Patsey Brown U5.
Fourth race, one mile and an eighth — Dick
Welles 104 Flocarllne 99, Bondage VJ, Glass
full iW. Postmaster Wright 94.
Fifth race, one and a half miles, selling —
Compass 101. Port Jarvls 101. Larry AVilt W,
Curate 8S Antole* 96, Fox Flyer 9tt, Lou
Woods 05. The I-adaean 94. Little Elkln 93.
Sixth race, one mile — Ontonagon 112. McGee
112. Nestoria 1OI». Joy 1O9. Mauser 10!), Avoid
l</7, Barney Uurk 105. Lendin 100. Prodigal
Son 100 ChrUtine A 104., Durandel 102, Boun
dary 102. Sailors' Dream 102, Fair Lady Ann
1W. Hosewater 100.
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Delagoa, Automaton,
Fleuron.
Second race — Collonade. Federal,
The Forum.
Third race^ — Sweetie, Elwood, Buc
caneer.
Fourth race^ — Dick "Welles, Glass
ful, Bondage.
Fifth race— Little Elkin, Compass,
Curate.
Sixth race — McGee, X.endin, Chris
tine A.
Highball.
Fifth race — Trinity Bell, Past,
Partnership.
Sixth race — No selections.
SARATOGA ENTRIES.
SARATOGA, Aug. 19. — Entries:
Fjrst race fix furlongs, all ages — Cobourg
1IR. Hurstbourne 110. Futurita 105, Savable
lift. Leonora Loring 113. Unmasked 115. The
N5uFkete*r 11R. Bad NVws 107, Duke of Kendal
110. Mclly Brant 10T». Flexion 100.
Second race, one and an eighth mile*, handi
cap, all ages — Hunter Ilaine 123. Gimcrack
1!6. Rockwater 115. Ada Nay 114. Claude 112.
Mackey Dwyer 305. Htamping Ground H*l. His
Eminence lyrt. Falconbridge 93, Harding 97,
Colons*)' SW. Irascible J»0.
Third raw. one mile, selling, three -year-olds
— Laejr Crawford ilS. Glurlotsa 104. Nun U6. liar
r:«on 101. Robert L U7. Hylatid 101. Irascible
111. Partnership lu.'l. CincinnatuF 101. Gavlota
in«. Caledonite fll. Star and Garttr 9.1, Ulrch
hroom JOC. Orion* lfJ5. Jov Cobb 114, S«t— t I
Alire 101. Harding 111. Dinksle 91.
Fourth race, islx furlongs. The Albany handi
cap, tw o-j ear-olds— <JaIlant IIS. Long shot 112
Tf-pee 100. The Byck 107. Cold Saint 98. For
Luck lftft. Knobhampton llo. Kob Ilcy 10O
YpIIovi- HamniPr HIM. Highball 117. Moharlb
116. Echinate 1»2. Hylas 107, Stamboul 115*
Bobaflll 110.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles on turf
filing, three-ypar-olds and up— Caithnesa 10"'
Trinity Bell 103. Partnership «.;. Past 0C, Water
Tower ln2. Ernost Parham lol. Foxey Kprns
J»l. Carroll D IOC. St. Sever 10.'!, Kingraine 107."
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs, maiden
two-year-olds — BluiFh 110. Strike a Light 110
St. Hatlan 110. Clovie 110. Exclamation lio'
Vanity 107. Israelite 110. Anlrad 107. Dutiful
110. Nutcracker 110, Long Spur 110 Adrlutha
107. Hortensla 107.
SARATOGA SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Hurstbourne, Coburg-,
Leonora Loring.
Second race — Claude, Mackey
Dwyer, Harding.
Third race— Sweet Alice, Birch
brocm, Cincinnatus.
Fourth race— For I.uck, Gallant,
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 20, 1903.
SEATTLE. Wash.. Aug. 19.— Following is a
summary of to-day's racing at ; The Meadows :
2:25 pace, best two in three — Won by Reta
H In two straight heats. • Oma A second.
Polka Dot third. Best time, 2:13.
Five furlongs — Pat O'Ran won. Madam Bish
op second. Knockings third. Time. 1:02*4.
Six furlongs— El Chihuahua won, Marello
second, Dr. Sherman third. Time. 1:14%. .-
Mile and one-quarter, hurdles — Limber Jim
won The Scot second. Humbert third. Time.
2:18«.
Five furlongs — Troy won. Hercules second.
Step Around third. Time. 1:01%.. .. -.
Mll« and one-sixteenth— Rosnrl« won, Solon
pecond, Invlctus third. Time, 1:48*4..
Twenty-three acres-, of ground are
needed "to bury - London's dead of ' one
year.
Racing at The Meadows.
Open stake. 48 entries— Rubber Ankles vs.
Lord Brazen; Reno va. Ragged Actor; Frisky
Barbara vs. Cloverdale; Reckless Acrobat vs.
Flying Fox: Mi Amlgo vs. America: Fontenoy
vs. Belle Free; Ruby Sankey vs. Bonnie Pasha;
Free Born vs. Real Article: Haphazard vs.
Idaho Boy: Mickey Free vs. Flaunt: Fenli vs.
Thelma; Roman Athlete vs.' Boots; Glancing
Pasha vs. Tralee Boy; Silver Cloud vs. Rector;
Yankee Boy vs. False Alarm; Fair Tralee v«
Pocatelli; Honest John vs. Lady Flyer; Viking
vs. Fair Oaks; Liberator vs. Don Pedro: Dean
Gaston vs. Vandal; Red Rock vs. Cluster:
Snapper Garrison vs. Sweet Peas; Kettleman
vs. ' Pepper Hill; Aigy McDonald ' vs. : John
Heenan.
Puppy stake. 28 entries— Ploughman vs. Pa
cific; Rocker Arm va. Our Motto; Queen's
Motto vs. Balmy Climate; Mountain Poet vs.
Pacing Billy; Cubanoia ve. Equator: Dartaway
vs. Balendlne; Flnoola vs. Free From Flaw;
Gunfire vs. Fancy Free; Raby Aurora I vs.
Rocklln Boy: King Death. vs. Progresso: Baby
Byron vs. Concord Tralee; Beauty Gold vs.
Irish Lad: Minnie Horgan vs. Cremo; Rock
away vs. McVey.
Seventy-six entries were received last
night for the two stakes which will form
this week's card. The draw resulted as
follows:
A new Judge will bo seen in the saddle
next Sunday at Union Coursing Park.
John Grace Jr., who officiated in his
father's absence last week, finds the
strain too great. He has been a sufferer
from rheumatism for three years and the
violent exercise on horseback proved too
much for him. Two candidates are In the
field— P. J. Rellly and Andrew Dean. The
former has officiated at Union Park on
several occasions and has proved a com
petent judge.
The Violent "Work in the Saddle
Proves Too Much for John
Grace Jr.
NEW COURSING JUDGE
TO ACT AT UNION PARK
First race — Bisuka, Ultra Vires,
Howard P.
Second race— "Worthington, Henry
of Franstamar, Sting.
Third race— Sister Lilhan, Rejoice,
Scotch Snuff.
Fourth race — Little Scout, Taby
Tosa, Orris.
Fifth race — Brancas, Hugh Mc-
Gowan, Turando.
Sixth race — Immortelle, Exapo,
Marcos. ¦ (
By the New York Telegraph,
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards, sell-
Ing — Varna Fonso 86. Una Price 107, Marcos
110. Immortelle 91. Tenny Belle 104, Legation
102. Our Lady 110, Kings Court 109. Ben
Hempstead' 104. Counter Tenor 109, Ezapo
01. Rollick II 102. Chandoo 107, Tickfui 104.
KINLOCH PARK SELECTIONS.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles,
handicap — Josle F 98. Taby Tosa 103, Leenja
93. Orris 08. Light Opera 96. Little Scout 107.
Fifth race. *even furlongs, purse — Turrando
08. Hugh McGowan 100. Brancas 103, Leech 98,
Harbor 9S.
Third race, six furlongi. purse — Discord 102,
Anzelger 102. Whiten 102. Sister Lillian 100,
Scotch Snuff 105 Prince Eugene 105. Requisi
tion 110. Wethelmlna 105. Rurallst 102, W. C.
John 105 Sues Sister 100. Rejoice 100, Ranch
man 105, Second Mate 110, Moyle 105.
• ST. LOUIS, Aug. 19. — Kinloch Park entries:
First race, six furlongs, purse — Prince Her
man 102. Araxes 102. Carpet Knight 107. How
ard P 102, Blsuka 100. Ruth L 1O5. Wineland
105 Leon De 102. Zulma 105, Ultra Vires 102,'
SIgnorina Plereon 105. Llllie Long 100, Lady
Esher 105, Harplithe 105. . . .
Second race, seven furlongs, selling — Leila
Barr 107, Henry of Franstamar 1C9, Reformer
104 Landeeer 109. Felton 1U9, Fon Spray 109,
Pay the Fiddler 104. Sting 102, Charles C lOSi,
La Rouge 107, Countess Clara 112, Worthlngton
109. Armand 100. Eliza Cook 1O7.
KINIiOCH PARK ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE — Mile and one-quarter; sell
ing:
Betting Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 5— Sattn Coat 101 (Watson).. 14 11
7 to 2— Jena 94 (Mclntyre) 2 1 24
15 to 1— Gin Spray, 105 (Murphy)... 5 2 3 4
Time 2:08^. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner R ' R Rice's br. h. by Badge-Mattle Rap
ture. 'Baronet 105 South Breeze 102. Class
Leader 96. Sir Phillip Sidney 103. Meddlesome
100. also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Mile and seventy yards;
purse:
Betting Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. s * Fin.
7 to 2— Flintlock, 105 (Higglns) 2 2 In
8 to 1 — Ada N, 103 (Sayera) 3 4 2n
2tol — Plrateer. 98 (Mclntyre) 5 3 3 nk
Time 1 :46. Start good. Won driving. Winner,
Finn & Roes' ch g. by Knight of Elleralie-
Flash in the Pan. Hindi SS. Golden Glitter
103, LJndenella 9S, also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Optional. 95 (Mclntyre) . i ... 5 2 14
5 to 2— Frank Bell. 109 (Shea) 112 3
4 to 1— Uranium. 91) (Hlgglns) 4 3 36
Time, 1:14«4. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. H. Dernham's ch. f. by Albert-Option.
Elastic 117. Santa Ventura 95. also ran.
THIRD RACE— Mile and one-sixteenth; sell
ing:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. a i Fin.
10 to 1— False. 100 (Hlgglna) 3 3 In
6 to 1— Kinstelle. 05 (Perkins) 1 .1 2 3
6 to 2— Dr. Hart. 106 (Sheehan) 2 2 3 15
Time. 1:4S%. Start good. Won driving, win.
ner, E Dealy & Co.'s ch. m. by Folsom-Belle
M Varner 105. Axares 105 Eugenia S 99,
Kittle Clyde 106 Oton Clay 104. also ran.
SECOXD RACE — Six furlongs; purte:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. % Fin.
9 to 2 — Mallory. 115 (C. Bonner).... 4 4 In
8 to 1— Jake Weber 110 (Fogg) 12 22
it to r»— Joe Goss 119 (Sheehan). . . . 6 6 33
Time, 1:14%. Start poor. Won driving. Win
ner. L. C. Sloane's ch. c.. by Onondaga-Miss
Thomaa. Dolly Gray 110, Mabel Winn 117,
Detest 110, SI Ah 117. Irene Mac 110. Theory
117. Harry Beck 119. D. U Moore 112. Judge
Rankln 119. King's Lady 110, also ran.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 19— While class was
lacking In the make-up of 'the programme
at Kinloch Park to-day, some excellent
sport was witnessed by the large crowd
present. Three of the events resulted In
sensational finishes, while the others
were close enough to be exciting. Op
tional, at 4 to 1, captured the handicap at
six furlongs, which was the feature of the
day, in handy fashion after a clever ride
by Mclntyre.
Weather clear; track fa«t. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
selling;: '
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin. '
6 to 2— Dr. Cartldge, 109 (F. Smith) 5 1 1 H
20 to 1— Frank Collins. 107 (Sheehn). 3 2 2 Vi
9tol— Mendon 103 (Nlbblack) 13 38
Time. .1:0914. Start good Won easily. Win
ner, J. F. Daniels & Co.'s' b. c. by Faraday-
Dare Vela. Our Lillle 90 Quaker Girl 106,
Bandlllo 98. Burrows 107 Phllllda . 106. Um
padrome 101. Alcom R 102. Don Alvaro 96,
Mayor Miller 102. The Frisco Line 100. also
ran.
Three of the Six Baces
Supply Sensational
Finishes..
Earns Brackets in the
Feature Event at
Kinloch.
OPTIONAL FIRST
IN A HANDICAP
Mexico now. has 60.000 American resi
dents and . $333,000,000 American money, ¦
NEW YORK, Aug. 19.— A son was born
to-day to - Mrs. , C. " Oliver ; Iseun, wife . of
the managing owner, of the Reliance, de
fender of the America's cup.
If ascot for the Reliance.
Billy Madden, accompanied by Denver
Ed Martin, 'the' colored boxer, arrived
here yesterday^ from the East. They are
on their way to Los Angeles, where Mar
tin Is to meet McVey.a promising colored
heavy r welght.
10
ADVERTISEMENTS. ',%
ALW/LYS TIRED tfl »^
NEATER RESTEtillRNl
To be tired out from hard work or bodily />TfTife=f§p •j^Si'ln
exercise is natural and rest is the remedy, but l/yMflm
there is an exhaustion without physical exer- /^^ !#»ZJ^//Jffiisiffr 1
tion and a tired, never-rested feeling — a weari- f Ijjjfpf. v I j
ness without work that? is unnatural and shows $3 ¦ t\ r£&*5§»;i^»il!;lv
some serious disorder is threatening the health. One of the chief causes of
that "Always-tired, never-rested condition" is impure blood and bad circu-
lation. Unless the body is nourished with rich, pure blood there is lack of
nervous force, the inns-
j^^^.JLu «,. a: For over four yean I «uff-red with general debility,
des become weak, tnedi- causing a thorough breaking down of my system. My
gestion impaired, and c ° u * i 4 n A wll ° had been benefited by 8. S. 8., told mo
general disorder occurs Sffifedk1!rt i^a?^%i. to S^oK'
throughout the system, thoroughly *ood blood toitfo. Youra^Z^,^^ .
Debility, insomnia, ner- «4W. Ninth St., Columbia, Tenn. *- ¦ MM -** AJ^ 1 -
vousness, indigestion, •
dyspepsia, loss of appetite, strength and energy, and the hundreds of little
Sj0m^ /¦— "»^ ailments we often have are due directly to a bad con-
n^ CC^ oa °f e blood and circulation, and the quickest
V^^^ V^^^ way to get rid of them is by purifying and building
N*—^/ <^y U P the blood, and for this purpose no remedy equals*
v>1 "^ S. S. S., which contains the best ingredients for
cleansing the blood and toning up the system. It is a vegetable blood purifier
and tonic combined, that enriches the blood, and through it the entire system
is nourished and refreshing sleep comes to the tired, never-rested,, body.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Varicocele Dubs the Lives
of thousands of Men
. That's what's dragging your life out. That's
jj« Jt^JWJJte. what is making you so tired, so listlrss and
MftifiT' V^ stupid. That's what is robbing you of your
Kg v 1 strength, yoar nerve force, your ambition. It is
m H draining the very sap out of your body and will
HJw JP^JwA £^*L m a k e a wreck of you in time. Cure it now be-
B^fji^fjjft *|f*"T§) ' fore it goes too far on you.
Wk :J^W I GUARANTEE A CURE
fpIy ir^r arse's
Aa^J - J • i^rtlT noon the »«roUen »eln» by « special attarbmeat. It re-
Jtj^te^ mot^ T thTd,.d blood » n J S^, rijoro^ drcn.atlon. It U .
-<^K^^ !* C " t " U ™~' <*""* Cl *7- *~ '
W§ttm%*^ DR McLACOni.fV-De«r Sir: I c«n truthfallj state ttat I
'iXm^SSj. f J&XL hiTfe Dot felt the lent bit of pa'.n since I commenced your treit-
NVY^Vi/ ment tnd tbe T,rlcocl» K to »» tppet.-*ne<vi. enred. I. mink
0\\ V^ th i e | t a wonder, mnd lt» convenience of application remarkable.
I gladly recoameod tbe treatment to all tuStrrn.
It will core yon. too. Com* to me now. and It will be" the haDple«t day of life. If
ton eai-t eauT^eid foV my book. It will tell yoc IT you are afflicted. Consultation tre«
nm \m I ..aU!: m 90S Market St.,
Dr. M. C. McLaughhR, v£™Su
Otflca Hctxra— S a. m. to 8 d. ».: Sundays. 10 to 1. '"Well. 1 wanted to stop yer paper,'
said the subscriber, candidly, "an' know
in" how bad you need the money I didn't
have the heart to come righl out an' do
it. So I Jes' wrote you the note about
beln' dead."— Argonaut.
A North Missouri editor received a note
the other day telling him that one of his
subscribers was dead, and asking that his
paper be discontinued/ A few days later
the editor met the "deceased" subscriber
on the street, and told him about the
note. "I wrote that note myself," re
turned the subscriber. '
"What for?" asked the editor.
Broke It Gently.
"All of these young enthusiasts are
scientists of the first water, and they are
undoubtedly the embryo professors of a
few years hence."— Washington Star.
"These are the four ctxrves properly de
scribed according to the accepted expla
nation of the best professional twirler.
and mean, when translated, that the ball
fallows its nose. If it leaves the pitch
er's hands revolving downward on a hori
zontal axis it .is bound to drop. If it
leaves his hand revolving upward it fol
lows Its nose and rises. "When the ball
travels on a vertical axis, revolving out
ward from the batsman, the outward
curve is the result, and, similarly, on a
vertical axis with an Inward revolution,
the Inshoot is caused. The ou.td.rop is
the result of the ball traveling on a slant
ing axis with an outward revolution, and
so on.
" 'Ah, dat's easy. All yer got to know
is dat de ball skates after its twist, and
den get yer- fist trained to do the biz.
If yer wants ter fool de guy wld de stick
by de droo whlrler yer Jest pass it out
under dese two fingers after yer spit on
yer hand to make de top spin. Turh. her
over de top fingers^ and de flying ma
chine goes up. When she Is ter waltz
Jest outside de reach of de stick de twist
must be on de dead level, swinging out.
If yer wants to puncture de guy in da
ribs do de level twist on do inside, and
dat's all.'
"There is one science which is under
stood and described with as much en
thusiasm by the boy of the street, with
his peculiar vernacular, as it is by the
learned college professor." remarked a
man who takes more pleasure In study
ing the percentages of the ball teams
than any of the other weighty national
and international problems. "That is the
science of the curved ball. Here is how
it was explained to me the other day by
a youthful participant in a rery warm
game at the foot of the "Washington mon
ument: • ", '.,'¦"
"CURVED EALL" MYSTERY
CLEARLY EXPOUNDED
"De Kids" Enow More About tha
•'- "Physical Phenomenon" Than
Do Professors.
OAKLAND, Aug. 19.— A telegram re
ceived at the County Jail to-day saya
that Julius Jorgenson. the absconding
Danish bank cashier, must return to the
scene of his alleged crime and stand, trial
for his offense. He has been in the hopes
that his case could be compromised, but
the negotiations in this regard have evi
dently fallen through. He states that the
Danish Consul has offered his companion.
Johanna Moeller, \ a position that will
serve to keep her and ! her child from
want. Jorgenson expects that he will be
gin bis return Journey by next Sunday..
Must Face Accusers.
I received th* three sealed bids yesterday,
but was not at that time aware that the garb
age men had formed a mercer and raised the
rates. One of the envelopes enclosing a bid
bora on the outside the words. "Doe cne
scent." I did not smell the rat then, but later
I detected the meaning of It all. It was not
a very fragrant pun. but It might hava been
worse. It Is possible that we may have the
jrarbage removed from the schools hereafter by
the city's teams. . .
It develon^d last night when the bids
for removlne the waste material from
the Dubllc schools were opened that the
scavengers of Alameda had evidently
heard of the business tactics pursued by
John D. Rockefeller. Andrew Carnegie
and other famed financiers .of modern
times and that they had formed a com
bine to gather In more coin for gather
ing 1n banana skins, orange peels, muti
lated sandwiches, scrap paper, lead pen
cil shavings, fractured slate pencils and
the assorted debris that Is srenerally to
be found about educational institutions.
The lowest bid submitted last night was
ten times greater than what the Board
of Education has been payinjr for two
years for having the same work done.
Heretofore a scavenger has been allowed
{3 50 a month for removing the garbage
from all of the public school premises.
Last night Luigl Farnando & Co. offered
to take tbe contract for $35 a month. B.
Flndle 9c. Co. would do the work for $33 50,
and A. Mussi wanted S-io a month to dis
pose of the garbage. All of the bids were
rejected, and Secretary Hughes was or
dered to make other arrangements to have
the waste material taken away. In speak
ing of the scavengers' trust Hughes said:
ATiAMEDA, Aug. 19.— Local scavengers
have^ organized a trust and as a result
of their first move to increaaa their divi
dends the garbage men have got them
selves into bad odor with tho members
of the Board of Education. Secretary
Charles C. Hughes of that body has been
instructed to break the refuse merger If
he can. "While he realizes that It may
prove on© of the strongest' tasks he haa
ever tackled, Hughes asserts that he will
stay, the efforts of the garbage monopo
lists or feel after he has done his best
like a man in the "dumps."
Alameda Officials Refuse to
Meet the Demands of
the Merger.
Scavengers Get Into Bad
Odor With School
Directora
ORGANIZED LOCAL
GARBAGE TRUST
STUDENTS WILL DON THE SOCK AND BUSKIN TO PRESENT
ARISTOPHANES' IMMORTAL GREEK-COMEDY "THE BIRDS"
Berkeley Undergraduates Plan a Monster Theatrical Entertainment Lasting Three, Days
/ for the Opening of the Newly Completed Open Air Theater.
CLUB WILL SECUBE
MOBE IN STBUCTOBS
Many Improvements Will - Be Made
in Arrangement of Reliance
l v ..- : Clnb Booms.
OAKLAND. Aug. 19.— The Reliance Ath
letic Club is considering a number 'of pro
posed Improvements in ¦ the Interior ar
rangements of the club rooms, which will
add to the accommodation of the. mem
bers. An additional number of instructors
will be secured to assist in the gymnasi
um and a ee/les of tournaments in bowl
ing, billiards and handball will be ar
ranged to 'take place soon.
Owing to pressure of business, Director
J. B. . Dean haa tendered his resignation,'
but until a decision is reached as to his
successor it will cot be accepted.
To Contest Will.
OAKLAND, Aug. 19.— The beginning of
a contest in the courts over the estate
cf the late Catherine Hahn. who left
property valued at 1120.009, was begun to
day. At the final accounting of the ex
ecutors. objection was made by Rosemary
K. Bouveroux, one of the heirs, to a $3000
fee charged against the estate by the ex :
«rutor« for their attorney, Benjamin Grif
fin. This item was cut by Judge Hall to
51500. The case wa» then cootirfued to
September 15.
Rehearsals have already begun for
this, and as the play is not "to be: given
for a month there will be ample time for
the student-actors to commit 'their 1 parts
well.' In the' meantime ' those j having "to
do with the play will make the most
AMPLE TIME FOB STUDY.
Only the general arrangements^ have
been made, but these general plans are
sufficient to show the magnitude of the
three days' dramatic - festival. Three
members. of the faculty will have charge
of each day, and these committees: are
already; perfecting the details of the
event, which will shortly be given to the
public.
At present only one definite play and
cast has been selected, that for the first
day. September 22.- This will-' be the
Greeklday, and It has been decided :- to
present "The Birds." by . Aristophanes,
one of the most famous of Greek come
dies. "•;«'
William R, Hearst, will be
dedicated next month with a three days'
dramatic festival. It Is proposed to give
a Greek play, a French play and an Eng
lish play, the actors to be selected from
among the students of the University of
California, and professors to act aa the
instructors. ,;'. ..V . : --- i.
Ey ERKELEV, Aug. 19.— The open
"B air Greek Theater, which Is the
offlclal name that has been
\ adopted for the amphitheater
Jr presented to the university by
OAKLAND, Aug. 19.— In line with the
definite policy cf a complete o\'erhaullng
of the city's streets and sidewalks in
the interests- of— cleanliness and the con
venience of the public Mayor Olney has
instructed Inspector of Streets Denton to
report Immediately to the Board of Works
violations of all ordinances covering Bide
wa'.k repairs. Inspector Denton has also
exacted a promise from the Contra Costa
Water Company to immediately repair
rtreets left in disorder because of exca
vations for pipe laying. Daily district
inspections of the city are in progress
with the end in view of enforcing as
Fpecdily 23 possible all of tbe ordinances
covering the use of streets and sidewalks.
The Board of Public Works has decided
on this Dolicy on the ground that the
city has long Eince passed the village
stage and should be handled as a city
in fact at veil as In name.
REVIVES ORDINANCES
fcFOB CITY'S IMPROVEMENT
There were no relatives present at the
time of his death, but P. L. Winchell of
Vallejo.^ another son-in-law,' arrived to
night and will take charge of the funeral
arrangements. The inquest will be he'.d
in Berkeier on Friday, death having oc
curred In this county. The deceased was
68 years of age and a native of New York.
Lafferty was taken to the Berkeley San
itarium two days after the shooting and
it has always been supposed that he
would recover from the wound, so that
the death to-night was very unexpected..
He waa being attended by Dr. George W.
Davis of the sanitarium.
William H. Lafferty, who was shot at
Point Richmond on August 11 by George
C. Henley, his son-in-law, died at the
Berkeley Sanitarium to-night. Death
came suddenly at a time that Lafferty
was supposed to be on the high road to
recovery. Lafferty was shot through the
neck, and while the bullet did not cut
an artery It passed bo near that the
membrane covering waa injured. It failed
to heal properly and to-night the artery
burst and death came very shortly.
Henley, the son-in-law who did the
shooting, was in Point Richmond at the
time, having been released upon S2300
bail for assault to murder at the time
that Lafferty was expected, to recover.
When It was announced that the
wounded man had died Henley* at once
gave himself up and was charged with
murder.- :-.v..i
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. IS.
Victim Lingers I£ore Than
One Week With Hopes
of Recovery. v
Bullet Fired by Son-in-
Law Kills William
H. Lafferty.
DIES SUDDENLY
OF HIS WOUND
OAKLAND. Aug. 19.— The weddlrs of Miss
Isabella Mitchell and Professor William J.
Raymond thii evening: was aa unusually pretty
affair, the artistic bora* oX Mr. and Mrs. John
Mitchell on Tfclrty-Elxth etreet. where the
znarrisxe took place, needing little help from
the decorator to transform tt into a bower
of beauty. Plr.k and white blossoms were
mingled cracefully with asparagus fern and
the large round window in the drawing-room
formed an arbcr In whJch the happy coupl«
plighted their troth. Hop vine*, rtlll bearing
their email green ¦ blossom*, were Interwoven
with vink blossoms and formed the top and
eldes «of the arbor, the front of wt*ica waa
outlined with tone sprays of amaryjlis.
Although the preparations for the wedding
v < r . quite elaborate tbe family and a few In
timate friends only were Invited rueets.
The brides father. Rev. Andrew Mitchell,
performed the wedding ceremony, assisted by
Ilev. H. J. Vosburgh, pastor of the First
Baptist Church. There were no attendants at
all. The fcrlde, a rronouno-d blonde of pleas
ing appearance, was attired In a rich rown
cf white oeau o> sole, a yoke an-1 panel of
;:.-<¦- adorning; both bodice and skirt. A lace
tx>rthe wac arranged about the shoulders. Xo
veil was worn and the bridal bouquet was a
Fhower of white »weet peas and tolls. The
groom's gift, an exquisite scroll of diamonds
.-::,". pearli, was fastened to the corsage.
Supper w»s served In the pretty colonial
tfininjr-rooci. pink sweet peas and rose-shaded
candelabra eli'lng a pleasing touch of color.
Professor and Mrs. Rayni'md will take only
a fhort honeymoon trip and on their return
frill reside In their own dome on Sixteenth
and Grove streets.
Both Mr. and Mrs. Raymond belong to well
known pioneer families of Oakland, his father
being the late Dr. J. C. Raymond, at one
time a prominent physician here. Professor
Raymond is a craduate of the University of
California and is now Instructor in physics
in the came institution.
The bride Is a graduate of the Oakland Hlgtt
School and is a cultured and charming woman.
She, is a Bister of Supervisor John Mitchell,
et whose home the marriage occurred this
tvenins.
• • •
Mr*. V«rnon Waldron was informally "at
home" yesterday, thirty or forty guests calling
during the afternoon. Mrs. Glllchrist of Lon
don U Mrs. Waldron'e rue*t and she expects
to remain for sex-eral weeks, during ¦which
Fh«- will be the guert of honor at several
affairs. •
• • •
Among the promising events planned for
the near future are Miss Georxie Strong's tea,
a card party at Mrs. George Hamner's pretty
FruitvsJ« home and Mrs. William Colby's tea
in Ran Francisco. Mls*e* Ida and Edith Lar-
Jcey will also entertain Saturday in honor of
Mrs. Herbert Gasklll, and to-morrow Miss
Arlin Johnson will be the hostess at a small
luncheon complimentary to Miss Kutb Kales.
• • * •
The Wednesday Morning Muslca! Club will
resume its work in September, the first pro
gramme to be given on the ICth.
• • •
Mrs. Q. A. Chase and her daughter. Miss
Helen Chase, left this morning for the East.
They will both be much miss«d In social
circles. •¦ they expect to remain away for at
least three months.
• • •
Minn Gertrude Mansfield Is In Holllrttr visit
ing friends and expects to return to Oakland
ebout Saturday.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway. Aug." 13.
Public interest in Mayor Olney's mes
sage on the subject of a municipal water
tupply has been awakened to an extent
rarefy manifested over official documents
vt that character. On all eides the ex.
jiression of approval of the paper as an
able, firm and straight from the shoulder
exposition has bt*n strong. These opin
ions are given from many sources and
are unar.lmous concerning the 6plendid
ability shown in the clear and concise
j^rtser.taticn of the water situation, no
ir.atur what might be individual belief
concerning: any or all of the projects pro
posed for the people's considepACloo.
For the present the public is concerned
in the final action that will be taken by
the Contra Costa Water Company. The
ten days' limit placed upon the provi
sional offer of J3,3CrJ.O00 for such of its
l^ant as mipht be required to serve Oak
land will expire a week from to-morrow.
Though President William J. Dingee of
the water company has been freely
quoted as declaring that his company
would not consider the tender, definite
action toward other channels must be de
ferred until the expiration of the time
limit. With an unofficial understanding
that the Contra Costa Water Company
wlll not break its si'ence since the Mayor
first tried to open negotiations on the
pubject of a selling: price, the special
bond committee will be able to take pre
liminary eteps at once to begin active
Investigation of the messape.
' The work will be directed, it is practi
cally understood, to a careful consider
ation of the Bay Cities Water Company's
proposal to Install a system at the south
ern boundary of the city capable of de
livering at least 20,000.000 gallons of water
daily, with a gross capacity for 25,000,000
g-allons per dlcm.
That preposition has been concretely
presented In a voluminous and compre
hensive contract, provisional, of course,
together with a mass of engineering
plans, maps and data, which will be
available to the city's experts.
It is expected that the municipal ¦water
supply proposition will be ready for sub
mission to the people at a special bond
ing election within one hundred days.
Officials Await the Time
Limit on Offer to Contra
x Costa People.
Widespread Interest in
Message on Water
Supply.
MAYOR'S PAPER
PLEASES PUBLIC
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Aug. 19.— The following
marriage licenses were ';¦ issued by the
County 'Clerk to-day: William H. Ca*
well, 28, and Cassie F. Huff. 28. both of
Sacramento; Ttmoleon Polrier, - 69. and
Ellen Kltto, 67, both of Oakland ; Murray
Laldlaw, over 21, and - Carrie ; C . Aker ly.
over- 18, both of Oakland; Charles W.
Macartney, 'over 21, and May A. Donovan,
over 18. both of Oakland; Harvey E.
Jackson, 44, , Oakland, and Lucille H. Er
win, S6, Portland.;
Improvement Club to Meet.
OAKLAND. Aug. 15.— Matters of Inter
est to the people of West Oakland will
be discussed at a meeting of the West
Oakland Improvement Club -which 'will
bo held, to-morrow evening at Hansen's
Hall, corner of Wood and Goss streets.
ALAMEDAi Aug. 19.— Frank MIrandi re
covered the body of an unknown man
from the water off the south side of Bay
Farm Island to-day. It ia thought, that
the. remains are those of a sailor.
He was about 6 feet 2 inches In height,
dark complexloned. with dark hair, wore
a dark woolep coat and vest, blue over
alls, light underclothes, heavy socks, tan
leather slippers and heavy leather belt
In the ' pockets were found four brass
buttons bearing the Inscription. "Liver
pool, Brazil and River. Plate S: M. Co.,
Ltd.," and also a monogram with ,"L and
H" In it. From its appearance it is
judged that the body has been in the wa
ter for three, weeks or more. .
BODY OF AN UNKNOWN
RECOVERED FROM BAY
~ "The Birds", is a satire on human so
ciety as it was observed by Aristophanes,
and 1 its humor • can' be as* weil appre.
olated in this day as It'was centuries ago
by the Greeks. It deals with the trans-
Although the cast is not yet complete
the principal speaking parts huve been
assigned. These will be taken by Will
H. Alexander, Ivan M.Llnfarth, H. H.
Dewing, : Beverly Allen, W. A. Brown and
Barry H. .Cerf. In addition to these
players there, will be an acting chorus
of twenty-four men, which will be re
inforced by a singing/ chorus of about
thirty men. , The singing chorua and the
orchestra, both of; which will bV under
the leadership of -Dr. H.J. Stewart of
San Francisco, will be concealed' from
the spectators' ' view.. The music will be
that which was composed by Dr. John
K.' Paine; expressly, for the Harvard Uni
versity production of the play.
• The training of Jhe actors is being di
rected by Professor Leon, J. Richardson,
assistant professor of Latin: James Tur
ney Allen, assistant ; professor of Greek
and classical archaeology, and Dr. Wash
ington Prescott, instructor in Latin and
Greek.-- «i^;' 1 '. : oC i ' ".' ¦¦¦'. . . : "
elaborate preparations for a perfect pro
duction of this old play. It Is a play
that affords exceptional opportunities fpr
the presentation of brilliantly costumed
choruses and to make its stage pictures
effective It will be necessary to spend
considerable time. and effort in the train-
Ing and costuming of the players. . The
stage properties will be arranged as far
as possible to conform with the dramatic
canons of the ancients.
NEW OPEN-AIR GREEK THEATER ON CAMPUS OF THE UNIVER
SITY OF CALIFORNIA. AND PROFESSOR ANEJ STUDENTS WHO
ARE ARRANGING FOR THREE. DAYS' DRAMATIC FESTIVAL.
By - reducing the number in a class you
prevent overcrowding and Rive a teacher some
chance to impart knowledge. s^pbAm;
To remedy this condition of affairs we must
have some new school buildings as soon aa
possible.
The Board of Education. has under con
sideration the applications of between 2G0
and 360 non-residents for permission to
enter the public schools as pupils. Ac
tion on these requests has been deferred
until, tho enrollment of resident attend
ants shall have been completed. The
board exacts a tuition fee from all non
residents who are granted the privilege
of entering the Oakland public schools.
This rule can only apply this year to
primary and grammar school pupils and
such high school students as shall come
from districts where high schools are es
tablished. Those applicants who reside in
districts not provided' with high school
facilities must be accommodated without
expense of tuition fees.
Superintendent of Schools McClymonds
has 'received cqmplete reports from the
several .schools of the city showing that
organization' for the present schools term
has been effected. There has been heavy
crowding at ' the Durant School. The
others are well. filled, there being through
out the department an average enrollment
of forty-eight members to a class, exclu
sive >of the high' schools. Superintendent
McClymonds declares that the maximum
limit, the way outside figure, should show
not more than fifty members .to a class,
that anything approximating proper at
tention by the teachers might be given
to the pupils in their charge.
The Superintendent said;
It is this lares class enrollment that la dis
turbing I us; Our facilities are so inadequate
that we are compelled to form much larger
.classes than we should care to organize. A
teacher cannot exercise the . individual over
sight that is required to do good, work unless
the number of pupils Is kept within reasonable
bounds. IMP^SfV'SM
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 19.
City Superintendent McOly
moncU Objects to
\ Large Classes.
The play has only been given twice
In modern. times. It was revived for the
first time., after its abandonment by the
ancients, in 1SS3 in England, when Sir
Humbert Perry wrote thfi music for it.
Ten years later it was flayed by the
students at Harvard University, so now
it Is reserved for the University of Cali
fornia to produce it for the third time.
On the second day of the festival Ra
cine's famous tragedy, "Phedre," one of
the masterpieces of the French dramatic
genius, will be presented. It will be In
charge of a committee consisting of
Marlus J. Spinello, Charles H. j Howard
and Carlos Bransby. all members of the
department. of Romanic languages.
An old English play will be given on
the third day, though it has not yet been
selected. It may be the blur.k verse
tragedy "Ion," by Sir. William Noon Tal
ford, or Shakespeare's "Twelfth Night. '/
The play, whatever It is, will be given
under the direction of Professor Charles
Mills Gayley, head of the department of
English; Professor ChaWncey Wetmore
'Wells, assistant in English composition,
and Victor Henderson, .lecturer in Eng
lish.
PRODUCTION IS BARE.
formation of a- certain number of mortals
Into birds, who look upon human society
from- ah external point of view, thus
giving new opportunities for fresh points
of satire and amusing incidents.
Many Non Residents
Apply fpr Admission
as Pupils.
LOCAL SCHOOLS
ARE ATTRACTIVE
TBE SAKlEBA^GISCO GALL, -THURSDAY, AUGUST 20.. 1903.
Few people get high enough up th« lad
der of fame to make them dizzy.
11
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
FROM TOUR STATES.
Testimony to the Efficacy of the New
Scientific Dandruff Treatment.
James C. Row», of Livingston. Mont:
"Herpicide cured ray dandruff and
stopped my hair falling."
Orange McCombs, St. Anthony, Idaho:
"Herpicide cleaned my scalp of dandrufl
and made my hair soft as silk and glos-
sy."
W. H. Otis, barber, Champaign, UK:
"I used Herpicide on one customer for
dandruff and on another for falling hair
with excellent results."
F. W. Woody, (assistant postmaster). Cham-
patKn. III..: "Herplcld* completely stopped my
falUn* na«r."
J. J Bentlty. Sheridan. Wyo.: "H«rpiciii«
excellent for cleaning the scalp."
Sold by leading druggists. Send 15c in
stamps fcr sample to the Herpicide Co.. De-
troit. Mich.TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. , From. Due.
Arctic .* Redondo Aug. «0
Centralla Grays Harbor Aug. < 20
Phoenix Mendoclno Aug. 20
Mineola Tacoma Aug. 20
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 20
S.Monica Han, Pedro Aug. 20
Santa Roea... Han Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 20
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports.... Aug. 20
Acapulco New Tork via Panama Aug. 20
Mackinaw.... Tacoma Aug. 21
Redondo Humboldt Aug. 21
Corona Humboldt Aug. 21
Point Arena. . Mcmli.olno & Pt. Arena Aug. '21
5. Barbara... San Pedro Aug. 22
Klval Wlllapa Harbor Aug. T2
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom... Aug. 22
Bonlta. Newport & Way Ports. Aug. 23
Newburg Grays Harbor Aug. 23
J. Dollar Seattie & Tacoma Aug. 23
G.W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria.... Aug. 23
Del Norte.... Crescent City Aug. 24
Chehalls San Pedro ..Aug. 24
Czarina . ... Coos Bay Aug. 24
Argo Eel River. Ports Aug. 24
Pomona Humboldt' Aug. 24
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Aug. 24
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pu. Aug. 24
Silesia Seattle .Aug. '-*¦
Cornnado...;. San Pedro I Aug. 25
Callfornlan... New York I Aug/ 25
Korea China & Japan |Aug. «5
Queen Puget Sound Ports Aug. 25
Peru New York via PanamalAug. i.'G
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Portsl Aug. 26
North Fork... Humboldt ...Aug 28
Columbia/ Portland & Astoria.... Aug' 28
Luxor Hamburg & Way Pts. Aug 28
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma.... Aug.' 29
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports.... Aug. 30
Curacao Mexican Ports Aug. 31
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination, Sails. Pier.
Aiittiui 20. ¦ ~ ~~
Iaqua Humboldt Sampler 2
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 2
F. Leggett. Portend Way Pts 6 pm Pier 10
Alliance Eureka & Coos Bay 10 am Pier 16
C. Neleon.. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
San Pedro.. Humbadlt 2 pm Pier 2
6. Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt l:30pPler 9
Argo Eel River Ports.'... 4 pm Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 1U
Minnewask* New York direct Pier
Centralla... Los Angeles Ports. 1 pm Pier 10
R. Dollar.. Portland direct 5 pm Pier 2
Angnat 21. .
Arctic Humboldt 12 m Pier 10
Redondo.. - Los Angeles Ports. 3 pm Pier 2
North Fork. Humboldt B pm Pier 2
Coos Bay... Newport & Way.. S am Pier 10
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
A«m««t 22. •
Phoenix.... Mendoclno direct.-. . 1 pm Pier 13
S. Portland Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier ..
S. Barbara. Seattle & Olympia 4 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt .........12 m Pier 13
Barracouta. N. Y. via Panama 12 m Pier 40
Angoit 23.
S. Rosa."... San Diego & Way. 0 ani Pier 19
Corona Humboldt l:30pPler 9
AiiRunt 24. •
Nebratkan. Honolulu & Kahulul 3 pm Pier 20
Pt. Arena. . Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Chehalls... Grays Harbor'.... 3 pm Pier 2
Ausust 25.
Coronado. . . Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Bonlta Newport Way Pts. 9 am Pier 19
Arcata Coob B.&Pt. Orford 2 pm Pier 13
August 20. .
G. W. Eldet Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
A. Maru... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Rival Wlllapa Harbor. ... 4 pm Pi e r 2
Aufcust 27. ¦ .
Newburg. . . Grays Harbor ' . . . . 4 pm Pier 10
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts 2 pm Pier 1
3. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier* 2
\Ralrler. . . . . Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier ,2
AHffunt 28. - 4 ¦
Silesia Hamburg Way Pts 2 pm Pier 27
Auffusjt 29. 14. I .
Acapulco... N.' Y. via Panama. (12 " ml Pier 40
Queen Puget Sound Ports, j 11 am | Pier U
NEGHO WOMAN CLAIMS
WHITE GIRL AS DAUGHTER
Leaders of Kidnapers Axe Captured
and Lodged in Jail at
Fort Smith.
FORT SMITH. Ark.. Ausr. 13.— William
Hicks and his wife, the supposed 'leaders
of the band of eight negroes who are ac
cused of kidnaping the white girl at Fort
Gibson, I. T., have been captured and
lodged in jail here. News has been re
ceived of the canture of all the other
members of the band.
A party of farmers who attempted to
rescue the girl yesterday was fired upon
by the negroes and cne cf their number,
a man named Pate, was killed. The Hicks
woman claims that the girl is her daugh
ter.
Millers Favor Eeciprocity.
FARGO. N". D., Aug. IS.— At a meeting
of the millers of North Dakota and
Northern Minnesota to-day, resolutions
were adopted favoring reciprocity be
tween the United States and all countries
importing American flour. The resolutions
also Indorsed the action taken by the
Millers' National Federation Convention
held In Detroit favoring reciprocity be
tween the United States and Canada
Scow Cinderella Goes Ashore.
The ¦ tcow schooner Cinderella, which Is
owned by F. H. Hammerich. while en route
to the China Basin, ran on the rocks near
the Presidio yesterday morning. The tug Sea
Fox, after some delay, succeeded In taking
the Cinderella off the rocks and proceeded with
her In tow for the China Basin. While oppo
site the Mission rocks the Cinderella capsized.
No one was aboard the boat at the. time and
therefore no fatalities resulted. The Cinder
ella Is an old boat and badly waterlogged.
She will be beached and repaired.
Transports to Sail Soon.
The transport Logan, which was scheduled
to call for the Philippines on October 1, will
rail on September 5 Instead. The change In
the eallinc time was made owing . to recent
orders from army headquarters that the Four
teenth Infantry proceed as soon as pcaslble to
the Philippines.
The transport Thomas will also sail for the
Philippines on September 1. The Thomas will
carry 30$ marines and casuals. Both vessels
will also carry a full cabin passenger list.
More Ships Are Overdue.
Two more vessels were on the overdue list
yesterday. The Aristldes, 84 days out from
Caleta Buena to this port, and the Madelaine.
176 days out from Antwerp to Tacoma. Re-
Insurance rates upon the Aristldes are quoted
at 20 Der cent and on the Madelaine at 10
per cent. The reinsurance on the overdue
rhip Helen Brewer, which is ifiG daya out from
Sourabaya to the Delaware Breakwater, went
down S per cent yesterday, making a rate of
S3 per cent.
Boy Falls From the Yards.
Charles Sevelle, an apprentice on board the
ehlp Annosana. yesterday afternoon fell from
the main yard of the forward mast to the
deck, but suffered only slight injuries. Se
velle U a native of Belgium, his father being
one of the high officials of the city of Liege.
Sevelle stated yesterday, while lying on a cot
In the Harbor Emergency Hcspltal, that he ran
away from home to eail the eeas. but now he
wished he was bome, where he would stay
hereafter. . - ;
First Salmon Packer Arrives.
Tba Star of Russia was sighted off Point
I POINT LOBOS— Aug 19. 10 p m— Weather
bazy; wind W; r velocity 16 miles an hour.
MISCELLANEOUS. .
, Fr- sh|p • Andre Theodore, from : Antwerp, - at
Port Los Angeles August 16, experienced heavy
weather on voyage; Jettisoned part of cargo of
cement.
SPOKEN.
July.19— Lat 47 11 8. long 63 11 W; Br ship
Monkbams, from . Liverpool for San Francisco.
July 26— Lat U.S. long 27' W. Br bark In
veramsay, from London for San Diego.
DOMESTIC PORTS..
REDONDO— Arrived Aug 19— Stmr Chehalls,
from San Pedro. -
SEATTLE— Arrived Aur 18— Br ship Lauris-
, ¦ i SAILED.
Wednesday, August 19.
Stmr Chtco, Jensen, Bandon.
Stmr Alcazar, Martin, San Pedro.
, Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria, etc.'
Stmr Acme, Lundqulst, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Westport, .Smith, Westport.
Stmr Newsboy, Adler, Mendoclno.
Stmr Iaqua, Bonlfleld, Eureka. '.
Stmr Ssn Mateo, I-ocke. Tacoma.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Hansen, Moss Landing.
Stmr Chas Nelson, . Andresen, San Pedro.
Stmr Centennial. Klltgaard, Seattle.
Schr John F Miller, Hansen, Grays Harbor.
, Schr Ocean Spray, Olsen. Siuslaw River.
Schr Ltrzle Vance, Jensen, Grays Harbor.
Schr Roy Homers Solland, Grays Harbor. ;
Schr Ottillle Fjord. Bosch. Eureka. .
Schr Olga. Waldwlck, Columbia River.
Barge Santa Paula. Pille. Ventura, in tow
of tug Rescue. .
RETURNED.
¦ .',;¦>• Wednesday, August 19.
Brfg.W G Irwln, Garthley. . hence August 19
for Roche Harbor, on account of vessel being
on fire. . . • ,»*
TELEGRAPHIC. --• /
CLEARED.
Wednesday, August 19.
Stmr State of California.' Thomas, San Diego;
Pac Coast S S Co.
Stmr Centennial, Klitgaard. Seattle; E T
Kruse. •
Br ship Stronsa, Jones. Runcorn ; Balfour,
Guthrle & Co.
Bark W B Flint. Johnson. Honolulu. Maka
well and Kahulul; Alexander & Baldwin.
Wednesday. August 19. .
Btmr Cella. "Norberg, 17 hours from Albion.
Stmr Gualala, Johnson, 10 hours from Flsh
ermans Bay. •
Stmr Scotia, Erlckson, 11 hours from.Bowens
Landing.
Stmr Alcazar. . Martin. 13 hours from. Green
wood, bound south; put In to land passengers.
Stmr Chas Nelson, Andresen, 60 hours from
Grays Harbor, bound south; put In to land pas
sengers. : •
Stmr Brooklyn, Hlgrins, 15 houra from Fort
Bragg. : v
Stmr Navarro, Weber, 38 hours from Trini
dad, with brir W G Irwln In tow.
• Stmr Alliance, Hardwlck. 5& days from
Portland, via Eureka 24 hours.
Stmr Iaqua, Bonlfleld, 42 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nlcolson. 60 hours from San
Pedro.
Nor stmr Hero, Syvertsen, 80 hours from
Ladysmtth.
Bktn Fullerton. Brleman, 26 days fm Klhel.
Schr Ida McKay. Lehtola. 3% days from Eu
reka. ¦ . ¦ . ..
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The time ball on the , Ferry building wu
dropped, exactly at noon to-day. 1. e., at noon
of the 120th meridian, or at 8 p. m. Greenwich
time. j. c. BURNETT.
Lieutenant, U. S. N., In Charge.
Time Ball.
rranch Hydrorraphlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
. chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
August 19. 1903.
Movements of Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aue 19— Stmr Patri
cia, from Hamburg. Boulogne and Plymouth;
¦tmr Lombardla, from Naples. - •
Sailed Aug 19 — Stmr St Louis, for. South
ampton; stmr Ryndam. for' Rotterdam- via'
Boulogne: stmr Majestic, for Liverpool,
i QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Aug 19— Stmr Iver
nla, from Boston for Liverpool, and proceeded.
Sailed Aug 19— Stmr Carpathia, from Liver
pool for New York. ¦ '
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Aug 19— Stmr Teutonic,
for New York via Queenstown; stmr'Western
land/ for I Philadelphia via Queenstown. - :
CHERBOURG— Sailed Aug 19— Stmr Kaiser
WUhelm der Grpsse, from Bremen and South
ampton for New York. ; <
, TAKU— Sailed Au« 19— Stmr Hyades. for
Tacoma.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Aug 18— Fr bark Due
d'Aumale, from Oregon.
HONGKONC*— Arrived Aug 18 — Br stmr Em
press of India. • from Vancouver. Aug 19 — Stmr
City of Peking, hence July 15.
' SHANGHAI— Sailed Aur 19— Br ship Dun
fermllne, for Port Townsend.
SHANGHAI— Sailed Aug 19— Bktn Georgina,
for Port Townsend. *-.. ¦ ¦„';«.-
OCEAN STEAMERS.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed Aug 18— Stmr Korea,
for San Francisco; U S stmr Celtic, for Puget
Sound. * ¦
HONOLULU— Arrived Aue 19— Stmr Ne
vadan, hence Aug 11. ¦
NEWPORT NEWS— Arrived Aur 18— Ship
Clarence S Bement. from Philadelphia, to load
for San Francisco.
NEW. YORK— Sailed Aug 18— Stmr Saratoga,
for Colon.
ISLAND PORTS. *>
TRENTON. N. J., Aug. 19.— The Aeo
lian-Weber Plarjo and Pianola Company,
capital $10,000,000, 'of which $3,000,000 is pre
ferred stock, was incorporated here to
day. '
ton, from Hamburg; stmr City of Seattle, from
Skagway; stmr Conemaugh, from Nome.
SEATTLE— Sailed Aug 19— Stmr Geo Loomis
for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived Aug 19— Tug Sea Rover
hence Aug 15. I
TATOOSH— Passed* out Aug 19 — Br stmr Era
press of Japan, for Hongkong.
TATOOSH— Passed out Aug 19— Schr Corona,
for Callao. ' . . ¦¦ ¦
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Aur 19— Stmr Rival,
for San Francisco; schr Novelty, for San Fran
cisco.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Aug 19— Schr Ex
celsior, hence July 30.
GR ATS HARBOR; — Arrived Aug 17 — Schr
Fannie Adele. hence July 21; schr Fanny Du
tard. from Hueneme. Aug 18 — Stmr G C Un
dauer, hence Aug 15.
Sailed Aug 17— Stmr Centralla. for San Fran
cisco. ...
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Au» 19— Schr
Corona, for Callao.
Arrived Aug 19 — Bktn Alta. from Port Gam
ble for Melbourne; S wed ship Thessalus, from
Victoria.
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Aus; 19— Stmr
Santa Monica, from Ventura.
FORT BRAGG — Sailed Aur 19 — Stmr Noyo,
for San Francisco.
EUREKA — Arrived Aur 19— Schr Mary
Buhne. hence Auz 0; stmr San Gabriel, hence
Aug 18.
Sailed Aug 19 — Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
cisco.
POINT REYES — Passed Aug 19. 4 p m — Ship
Star of Russia, from Bristol Bay for San Fran
cisco.
PORT LTJDLOW— Sailed Aug 1&— Br ship
King David, for West Coast: Br bark Mela
nope, for Cape Town. V. >
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed Aug 19— Stmr
Prentlsa. for San Pedro.
ASTORIA — Arrived Aug 19 — Schr Alvena. fm
San Diego: schr J M Colman, hence Aug 10
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Aug 19— Schr Salem,
from Olympia; stmr Fulton, from Hardy Creek:
stmr Samoa, hence 3V.ug 17; atmr Whittler,
hence Aug 17. • -
Sailed Aug 19— Stmr Whittler. for San Fran
cisco; stmr Santa Barbara, for San Francisco.
MENDOCINO — Sailed Aug 19— Stmr Phoenix,
for San Francisco.
VENTURA— Arrived Aug 19— Stmr Whittler.
from San Pedro, and sailed for San Francisco.
CASPAR — Sailed Aug 19 — Stmr South Coast,
for San Francisco.
EASTERN" PORTS. ¦ V
Piano Company 'incorporates.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE-'-The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street *-:iarf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height of
tide is the same at both places.
THURSDAY, AUGUST 20. - ¦
Sun rises 5 :29
Sun sets 6.50
Moon rises 2:51 a. m.
O ITime !Tlme| Time Time
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• |LW H W L. W H W
20|3:12—0.5 10:18 4.8 8:07 2.5 9:17 0.0
21 3:50—0.7 11:00 5.1 4:00 2.110:14 6.0
22 4:42—0.7 11:40 5.4 4:50 1.8 11:09 5.9
23 5:27—0.5 12:17 5.6 5:42 1.6
H Vi\ L W H W L W
24 0:01 R.ft 6:12—0.112:55 5.7 6:35 1.3
25 0:55| 0.51 6:56 0.4 1:34 5.7 7:30 1.1
26 J 1:52| 5.11 7:4O| 1.0| 2:15| 5>6| 8.26 1.1
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides, of the
day in the order of occurrence as'to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, aa
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of tho United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( )
sign precedes the heights, and then the number
given is subtracted, from the depth given by
the charts. The plar.e of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters. ¦
The treaty perpetuates the regulations
for the exchange of mails between the
two countries which were made while
Cuba was under American control.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 19.— The Postmas
ter General signed to-day the protocol
to the postal treaty between the United
States and Cuba, made necessary by the
amendments made by the Cuban Senate.
The treaty becomes effective without rati
lication by the Senate of the United
States, but the Cuban laws require the
action of the Senate of that island # and
one- of the amendments made embraces a
statement of that fact. Another provides
for the prompt transmission of the mails
of one country by the other, subject only
to sanitary regulations. These alterations
are specified in the protocol, and they
have been accepted by the postal authori
ties of this country. The treaty will now
be forwarded to the President for his
signature.
POSTMASTER GENERAL
SIGNS THE PROTOCOL
Cuban Senate Amendments Axe Ap
proved and Will Go to the
President.
TOPEKA. Kans:, Aug.' 19.— Official an
nouncement is made to-day by the Santa
Fe Railroad of the appointment of F. G.
Pettibone as general superintendent of
the Gulf, Colorado and Santa Fe line,
with headquarters at Galveston, Tex.,
succeeding C. J. Nlchollsoh.
Pettibone Is Promoted.
The British ship Strcnsa was cleared yes
terday tor Kuncorn. England, with 70,483 ctls
barley, valued at $84,5S5, and 18,000 feet lum
ber as dunnage, valued at $270.
Barley for England.
The British ship Gantock Rock Is chartered
for lumber from Puget Sound to Natal at
50s, option of Delagoa Bay at 51s 3d.
The German ehip Alice was chartered prior
to arrival for lumber from Puget Sound to
Port Plrie at 32s 3d, with option of Melbourno
or Adelaide at 33s 9d.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Reyes yesterday afternoon at 4 :30. She the
first of the salmon packers to make this port
this season.
The British ship Stronsa cleared yesterday
for Runcorn.
BUTTE. «Mont., Aug. 19.— A dispatch
from Helena says that the fence about
the Fort Belknap Indian reservation,
which is forty miles long and sixty miles
wide, has at last been . finished. It is
probably the longest fence in the. world
and has taken a year in building. The
fence is to protect the flocks and herds of
the Grosventres and Assinaboines from
intrusion, as well as to keep them from
straying. » •
Longest Fence in World.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
STEAMER NAVARRO AP
PROACHING THE BURNING
BRIG WILLIAM G. IRWIN.
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. , ¦ r For. I Sails.
Portland Nome & St Michael.. Aug. 20
Dlrlgo Skagway & Way Ports Aug. 20
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports Aug. 21
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way PortB Aug. 22
Nome City... Cocks Inlet & Way Pts Aug. 25
Farallon Skagway & Way Pts.. Aug. 26
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports Aug. 27
City Topeka.. Skagway & "Way Ports Aug. 20
Senator Nome direct Sept, 1
Eureka Nome direct Sept. 1
Excelsior. .... Cook's Inlet & Way Pts Sept. 1
Roanoke....;. Nome & St. Michael... Sept; 1
The auenchinp of the fire in the hold
of the W. G. Irwin did not end the trou
bles of the brig, however. The steamer
Del Norte, while Meiggs wharf
last night at 10:30 bound for Crescent
City, collided with the Irwln. The steam
er carried away the bowsprit cathead of
the windjammer, but suffered no appre
ciable damage herself and was able to
proceed on her voyage without returning
to port.
While the flames and smoke were still
pouring from the vessel's decks, the "tug
Governor Irwln, which had gone to the
threatened boat's assistance, was busy
pumping water into the hold, and after
over two hours' work the flames were
extinguished.
The loss of the cargo, which was not
insured, will aggregate about $7000.
The brig William G. Irwln, 331 tons, was
built in 1S81 at Port Townsend by Turner.
Rundell & Co. She is owned by the Ta
coma and Roche Harbor Lime Company.
Most of the cargo on board at the time
of the fire was consigned to this com
pany.
During Monday night all hands were
kept busy battening down the hatches
for the purpose of smothering the fire.
On the morning of August 18 the hatches
were again taken up and the fire was
found to have gained considerable head
way, having already attacked the ship's
sides and bottom. The life boats were
launched and towed astern. At 8 p. m.
of the same day, all hands went below
and got out the fifty cases of giant pow
der, which were immediately thrown over
board. During the excitement which
prevailed the crew showed excellent con
duct and worked heroically.
In a heavy sea the brig squared away
for this port, but yesterday morning was
forced to anchor off the coast a few
miles south of the heads, flying a distress
signal. At 8 o'clock in the morning the
steamer ICavarro came alongside, passed
a line and towed the disabled vessel into
the bay, arriving off Meiggs wharf short
ly after 10 o'clock.
10 o'clock on fire. The brig sailed
with a mixed cargo of merchandise, in
cluding fifty cases of giant powder and
four tanks of easoline and a quantity of
oil. The boat was in command of Cap
tain Garthley and the crew consisted of
eight men.
Shortly before 10 o'clock on the morn
ing of Monday, August 17, while Second
Mate Barkfield was in charge, he noticed
that smoke was coming from the forward
hatch, and immediately reported the mat
ter to the captain. All hands were called
on deck and a thorough search of the
vessel's hold was made. The fire was
found to be in the lime stacks, Just to
starboard of the forward hatch, and ef
fcrts to quench the flames were unavail
able.
THE brig William G. Irwln, which
left this port Saturday bound for
Roche Harbor, was towed into
the bay yesterday shortly after
CLEVELAND. Ohio. <Augr. 19.— The
names of the alleged murderer and his
victim in last night's double tragedy was
learned to-day. The man was William
Leutbecher, 28 years old, and the young
woman Martha Faehnnch. The; cause
given for the tragedy is the opposition of
the Faehnrich family to Leutbecher's at
tentions to Martha. — ;
Miss Faehnrich was a clerk in her
brother's grocery and it is supposed
that Leutbecher called upon her last
night and induced her to go for a walk.
While in a lonely locality and not far
from the girl's home it is believed Leut
becher shot Miss Faehnrich and then
killed himself. .
Young Man of Cleveland Shoots
Sweetheart and Then Kills
Himself.
DOUBLE TRAGEDY DUE
TO FAMILY OPPOSITION
The annual meetings and elections of
officers were held by the following com
panies, which are auxiliary to the Colo
rado Fuel and Iron Company:
The American Fuel Company, the Mln
nequa Town Company, the Steel Wheel
and Wagon Company, the Crystal River
J »¦:::<! and Improvement Company, the
Redstone Improvement J Company, the
Crystal River Railroad " Company, the
Colorado and Wyoming Railway Com
pany, the Rocky Mountain Coal and Iron
Company, the Pueblo Realty and Trust
Company, the Colorado Supply Companj',
the Mountain Telegraph Company, the
Laramie Iron and Steel Company, the
Minnequa Co-operative Company and the
Rocky Mountain Timber Company.
in the hands of men of such high standing in
the business world and whose financial strength
will enable them to build up the enterprise 10
the fullest limits of its possibilities.
JOHN C. OSGOOD.
The Xew officers of the company who have
resigned have don« eo voluntarily and not at
the request of the new interests. I feel that
the people of Colorado are to be congratulated
that this corporation, in which they have taken
so deep an interest and which is eo closely allied
to all of the business interests of the tState is
I feel the same interest in the Colorado Fuel
and Iron Company that I have throughout the
existence of the corporation, and have never
had ar.y thought of going Into my line of busi
ness or engaging In any enterprise antagonistic
to the Colorado Fuel and Iron Company, and so
Jar as I am able to do so I shall render the
new management overy possible assistance.
trtctkn or sntaponisci between myself and the
Dew interests:. I can state positively that it
is not the desire oJ these interests to change
the character of the corporation as a dlSttSCt*
ivcly Colorado enterprise and that the business
will be managed by residents 01 Colorado.
There i£ no Intention of making wholesale
change* among the o:flcors and employes of the
company, no changes will be made except what
is necessary to improve the service. Every
present employe will stand on his merits and it
is the desire of th* interests to retain all of
the old employes whom they find competent
No yucrum cf the directors being pres
ent, the directors' meeting for the elec
tion of officers was postponed and will be
held next week in New York. The state
ment was given to the press that the fol
lowing members cf the executive commit
tee have been agreed upon: John C Os
good. George J. Gould, J. J. Hearae, J. D.
iiockefelier Jr. ajid i':c>i T. Gates.
The following siaii.n:eiit by Mr. Osgood
was civen out:
I have not had tin-.e to attempt to answer or
correct the numerous statements and gursses In
rtgard To the chances m the rr.anacemer.t of
the Colorado Fut-1 and Iron Company which
have EDi.ea.ied fcr more than a month past la
the Denver pajxrs.
Tlure ie really nothing to add to the state
ment" which 1 made at the time I resigned as
(hairtr.an of the lv-ari cf directors. The
itrong financial intercuts which have acquired
control c: the ftock of the company and have
a^umed Its management and who will »cive it
the financial backing which is necessary to the
tu'.i development cf Its properties have treated
me with the utmost consideration and fairies*
and at no time has there been the slightest
DENVER. Aug. 19.— The annual stock
holders' meeting of the Colorado Fuel
and Iron Company was held at the of
fices of the company in this city this af
ternoon. About four-fllths of the stock
of the company was represented and the
following directors were chosen: John
C. Osgood, Julian A. KeLler, George J.
Gould. John D. Rockefeller Jr.. F. J.
Jiearne. KreJ T. Gates. E. H. Harriman,
id win Hawicy, L5en Nicoll. J. H. McClem
cnt, James H. Hyde, E. W. Ogiebay and
E. Parn:elce Prentice.
It is possible rather than probable that it
muy be otherwise now, but, Judging them from
the light of past or present, it Is to be regretted
that the enforced publicity which has been
given to these Initial experiments, which art
essentially experiments and nothing else, may
lead to quite unfounded expectations. .¦ - •
It Is the practice of all scientific men. Indeed
of all prudent men, not to make public the
results of their work until these are certain.
This consideration, and not any desire to with
hold from the public matters in which the
public Is Interested, has dictated the policy
thus far punmed here. The fullest publicity
consistent with the national Interest— the pres
ent experiments have for their object the de
velopment of a machine for war purposes — will
be given to this work if it reaches, a- stage
which warrants publication. ¦•¦' - : ,-- ¦
S. P. LANGLEY.
In my previous trials success has only been
reached alter initial failures, which alone have
taught the way to it, and I know no reason
why prospective trials should be an excep
tion. . •
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION. Aug. 10.—
To, the Press: The present experiments being
made In mechanical flight have been carried
on partly with funds provided by the Hoard
of Ordnance and Fortifications and partly from
private sources and from an endowment cf the
Smithsonian Institution. The experiments are
carried on with the approval of the Board of
Regents of the Smithsonian Institution.
The public's Interest In them may lead to an
unfounded expectation as to their Immediate
rtnults. without an explanation which Is here
briefly given...
Those trials, with seme conducted with steam
driven flying machines, are believed to be the
first in the history of invention where bodies
far heavier than the air itself are sustained in
the air for more than a few seconds by purely
mechanical means.
WASHINGTON. , Aug. 19.— Professor
Langley, secretary ' of * the .Smithsonian
Inatitution, whose experiments down the
Potomac River with the aerodrome or
flying machine devised by him have at
tracted wide public interest, in order to
correct certain public misapprehensions
to r day issued the following: statement:
Corporation Will Remain a
Distinctively Colorado
Enterprise.
Purpose Primarily Is to De
velop an Engine ' t
of War.
Osgood Issues State
ment Concerning
Future Policy.
Langley Explains Why
Publicity Is Not
Desired.
Vessel's Crew Work Heroically During the Excitement, Although
Fifty Cases of Giant. Powder Are Stored on Board— The Scow
Schooner Cinderella Runs Ashore and Later Capsizes in the .Bay
FUEL GOMPIWT
DIRECTORS MEET
FLYING MACHINE
INVENTOR TALKS
BRIG W.G.IRW1N TOWED INTO PORT
WITH FIRE BURNING IN HER HOLD
THE SAN FRANCISCO -CALL, THURSDAY,: AUGUST 20, 1903.
12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AS A LAXATIVE
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters is
without an equal. It will not
gripe nor shock the system, and
make you feel sick all over like
most cathartics do, but has a firm
and gentle effect on the consti-
pated bowels, stimulating and as-
sisting them in the proper per-
formance of their functions. Then
an occasional dose is all that is
needed to keep the bowels regular
and the stomach strong. A trial
will convince you of its value.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
. *w> yti i m lftH* M 14 mi tiro tint? to rtrriv© Jfc*
r»AN FKANCHCO.
plain Lino. Foot of Market Street ) „
>TK — r»OM ACOCST 1. !¦¦»«¦ — A»»iT«
~7 00a Bentcla, Snlsun. Elrnlra aud Sucr*-
men to 7-ZSP
7.00a VaeaTlllc. Winter*. Ramsey 7.25*
7J0a -Mortlnez. S*n Iiamon. Vsllejo.
* Nap«.C«!l»togs v Ssnt»Ko»« 825r
7.30a jj«e». lJ»crrcore. Lathrop. Stock-
son 7-25*
B 00* DaTls. TV Ofdland. KnUhts Landing.
JlsrysTllle. OroTllle. (coaaects
st M»ry»Tlllc for Grldley. Biggs
•ndCbl.o A-***
8 00a Atlantic Exprw-OirdeB nod Raw. 10-2»»
I DO* Port Costa, Martinez. Antioch. By-
• , . ron Tr«cy.Stockton.Ssr.r»meato.
Los' Hanos. .Mendota, Uanturd.
Vlsalla. PorWTllIe w»4^S»
. WJa Port Costa. Martinez. Tracy. Lath-
B4MJA r« Modesto> Merced. Fresno.
Go*hen Junction. Haaford. VI-
italla r-aker»Celd 5.25*
• TflA Shasta KipreM — l>avl». Williams
8.30a «»«»,*«&„ Sprint). Willow,.
trrnto. IJed muff. Portland 7.53>
a T(l» X!le» San Jwr. Ll»erm«>re. Stock-
• ! °' «»;
800a Martlne. and Way Stations 8 55*
Tr»rv La throp, Stockton.
SSSi iVaymond Fresno. 1I«-
ford. Vlsalla. P» k «^ eId ; w^'
S £» «*"
,000a T l e en O ;^d J: ,m.ted-Ogdcn :
3.30* B«ntcla. Winter*. Sacramento.
Woodland. . William*. Colnsa.Wll-
low». Knights Landing. MMT* ,_.-
Tllle OrovUle and way station*.. »2gg*
S.30r Howard. Nile, and W ? y3uuons 7.65*
4 00* Martfncx.San lUmon.V»lleJo,Nspa,
Call*tog». Sant» IJona ... ,SSg*
400* M.rtlr.MTTr.er.Lathrop.StocktOB. 1025*
408* Nlles. Llrermore. Stockton. Lodl.. *•*?'
430* Haywarrt. Sllea. IrTlngton. Saa » J»||*
Jose. L!»errnore n-y ' *' '•* a *
6X0* The Owl L!mlted~Fre«no. Tnlare.
BRSeriQeW. Los Angeles: coa-
nects at Sangus for Santa Bar-
l)»ra. ;¦•• 8BB *
6C0* Port Costa, Tracy. Stockton, Lot
Banoa 1 ?'?e»
t5 JO* Hayward. Nile* and San Jo*e ,Asit
6-00* llayward, Nile* and Ban Jo»« IB-ZS*
S.uOr Oriental ilall— Ofcuen. DenTer.
Omaha. St. Loals. Chicago and
East. (Carries Pullman Car pas-
sengers only out of San Fran-
cisco. Tourist car and coacn
passengers take -.00 *. *¦ trsln
to Kino, continuing thence In
their ears »*.*. train eastward.. 4-25*
Westbound. Kan»et Limited.—
From New Tork. Chicago. Sew
Orleans, El Paso. Los Angeles.
Fresno. Bcrrnda. Raymond ( from
To#emlte). ?4artlne». Arrives.. 823*
7X0* E«n Pablo. Port Costa, Martlnei
and Way Stations. 'HI*
17.00* Vallejo 7-65»,
7X0* Port Cocta, Bentcla, Sutsun. DaTls,
Sacramento. Truckee. Reno.
Stops at all stations east of
Sacramento 7-58A
8X5* Oregon 4c California Expreis — Sao
ramento, Mary»Ttlle, Redding,
Portland. Puget Sound and East. 3-55*
19.10* Hay ward. Nllea and Saa Jose (San-
day only) tT1-63»
11.25* Fort Costa, Tracy, Lathrop, Mo-
desto. MercM. Raymond (to To-
semlte), Fresno, Hanford. VI-
•ails, B&ker*fleld 12-25'»
COAST LINE l^arr»w tiaaaje).
(Foot of Market Street.) ,
1745a Santa Crnz Excursion (Sunday
only) ; JS.10*
8.16a Kewark. Centervllle. San Jose.
Felton. Bouloer Creek. Santa
Cms and Way Stations 6 25*
t246* Newark. Centerrllle. San Josa,
New Almaden.Loa Ga(o*,Teiton.
Bonlder Creek. Santa Cms and
Principal Way Stations 1Q.5S*
4.15* Newark. San Joae. Los Oatoa and
way stations (on Saturday and
Panday rnna through to Santa
Cruz; Monday only from Santa
Crnz). Connects at Felton to
. and from Bonldrr Cr«*k t8.S8^
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SjA.N tliAh CISCO, lout of Market St. < 311? *»
— 17:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 1 00 300 6.15 *.M.
From OAKLAND. Foot of nroairway — t«:0o U:M
t8:03 10:0U*.M. 12 00 200 4 .00 P.M.
COAST LINE (Broad «aa«e).
tr ( lalrJ and Towntend Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations 7-30*
t7 00a San Jose and Way Muttons 630*
/8.00a New Almaden (Tues., Frld.) /4-10i>
:7.15a Monterey and Santa Crux Excar
slon (Sunday only) 38.30*
8 C0a Coast Line Limited— Stops only S»n
Jose.GIlroy.HoUUter.PaJaro.Caa-
troTtlle. Salinas. San Ardo, Paso
Bobles. Santa Margarita, San Luis
Oblsp».(prtnrlpal utatlonstoence)
6antaBarbara.SansrusandLosAn-
reles. Connection at CastroTlll*
to and from Monterey and Pacific
Grove and at Pajaro north bound
' from Capltola and 8»nt»CTO*.... 10.439
8X0* Ban Jose. Trea Plnos. Capltola,
Ean ta Cruz.FaelOc OroTe.Sailoaa.
San Luis Obispo and Principal
Intermediate Stations 4-10*
Westbound El Paao Passeager.—
From Chlcsgo. El Paso, Los An-
geles, 8anta Barbara. ArriTes.. I.SOp
10.38* fan Joae and Way Stations... .... 1.20*
11X0* Cemetery Passenger — South San
Francisco. San Bruno 1.CS»
11 -30a San Jose. Los Qatoa and Way Sta-
. . „_ tlona 5.3S*
• ¦1-30'* San Jose and Way Stations X7.00*
2X0* San Jose and Way Stations 19.40*
2.30* Cemetery Psssentrer — South San
._„._ Frand*co. San Brnno 4.3S»
1 13X0* Del Monte Kxprms— Santa Clara,
fan Jus*. Del Monte, Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Crnz. Bonlder
_ ,_ Creek and Narrow Gausre Polnta) M 2.1S»
• •£G* Burllaarame, San Mat«o. Redwood.
MenloPark. Palo Alto. Mayfleld.
Mountain View. Lawrence, Santa
Ciara, San Jose, Ollroy (connec-
tion for Hoi lister, Tre* Plnos),
Psjaro (connection for Watson*
Tllle. Capltola and Santa- Cru),
Pacific GroTe and way stations.
Connects at CsstroTille for Sa-
lisas... •••........ < 10-48*
.f-JO* San Jose and Way Stations 8.36*
t6X0r Ban Joae. (Tia Santa Clara) Los
• Gatos, Wright and Principal Way
Stations M00*
16.30* Ban Jose and PrlnclpalWay Stations taJJC*
tS-16* 8anMateo.Beresford.Bflmont.San '"**^
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
MenloPark. Palo Alto t8.48*
6.30* San Joae and Way Stations cu.
7X0* Sunset Limited. Eaatbound.— San
Luis Obtspo. Santa Barbara, Los
Angeles, Detain*. 31 Paso. New
Orleans. New Tork. (Westbound
'¦ arrlTesTlaSi»nJoa<iu1n Valley)... «rfl.J«l»
8. CO* Palo Alto and War Station* 10.15*
•11.3C* Mlllhrae, Palo Alto and Way Sta-
tlons t9.4S#
• 1130* Mlllbrae, San Josa and Way Sta- ¦
»ons ta.48*
A for Morning. p for Aiurnooa.
X Saturday and Sunday only.
I Btops at all stations on Sunday.
t Sands j excepted. t Sunday only.
a Saturday only.
d Connects at Goshen Jc. with trains for Haafar*
Vlialla. At Fresno, for Vlsalla Tia Bangs*.
• Via Coast Line. /Tuesday an4 Friday.
*n ArrlTe Tia Nllea. n Dally except Saturday.
•vVia S*n Joaquln Valley.
5 Stops Santa Clara south bound only, fnnrinms.
except Sunday, for all points Narrow Gauge.
C7*Only trains stopping at Valencia St. soutbbona*,
are t:10 a.*.. 11:00 a_m.. 2:30 y.M. and 1:30 *.*.
H'~» TO SAN RAFAEL.
I SAN QUENTIN, :
| MILL VALLEY,
|l CAZADERO, ETC.
j|| via Sausalito Ferry
"from'san baJad. to san
10^SUAY"&-<:1-1. 7:35. tS:W. 8:40. tlO:»a.
tt^i a ntTl2:50. 2:3a j5:25. 4:40. &.W.
«:S3. 7:53. 10. 11:10 a. in.. 12:05.
l£F 2-40 ITS 4:55. 6:05. 7:10. 10:40 p. ml
X.05. 2.w. ° THROUGH TRAINS.
7-15 a m.. week day* — Cazadero aad way
m.. *»e« k ***• (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales" and way stations.
3:15 P. «•- Saturday*— Cazadero and way
* l Sunday and Legal Holidays— 8 a. m.. Caaa-
dero and way stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. bl. Point
Reyes and way stations. r •
TICKET OFFICK— «2« Market st.
PERRT— Foot of Market *C .' :', ' -•-
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave I Tia SiosvUm Ftrrr Arriv*
Sma Fran. _>*¦» 1 Martst at, Sa W Kran.
Week Sun- , sa Pf m Sun- Week
JMyu dar» /<5$3ft!lw dan DavT.
ih4SA H:ou* rc^StaCSUa l*:OOMU:l.iX
1:45* «:OOa \S?jSK&£iJ 12:.1Or3:3O»
8:lSr 1O:OOa \*«aJc»*?y 3:3Op 5:5Or
1 1:3Oa >fcg?gsSy 4:33>
1 t S:35r H:OOp *
»to**7» «fr. **n ftTtraT 9;30r.arrrwl7. 1T;*3O»
T H£L »*« M*ax»T St., (North S&ore kUilro«<i7
sjnas } and Sausaltto Pout, Foot \Urkai s«
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JBGARTEKS'
* sRsSv^ MB« •» ¦ ¦" ¦* "^
Positively cured by these
little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hcartj Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Kausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue !
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER.- They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
.SmaBhPriciv
RAILWAY TRAVEIj.
California
Limited.
to CHICAGO
liiiilllilOiP or Those Who
SANTA FE TRAINS.
. Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local I Llm'd Local lOVrl'd
Daily I Dally Daily Dally
Lv. Ban Fran.... ":30a 9:30a 4:00p 8:00p
Ar. Stockton 10:40 a 10:01 p 7:10p 11:15 p
•• Merc?d 1:06 p 1:56 p i?2 a
"Fresno 2:40p 3:20p 3:15a
" Hanford 4:Mp 4:07p T:30a
" Visalla 4:53p 4:43p 5:00 »
"Bakersfleld .. 7:15p 6:00 p 7:33 a
" Kansas City 2:33 a .:00 a
"Chicago 2:15p 8:4< o
a for morning; p for afternoon,
7:30 a. m. Daily Is Bakersfleld Local, stop-
ping at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor*
responding train arrives at 8:55 a. m. dally.
9:30 a. m. Monday and Thursday la the
CALIPOBNIA LIMITED, carrying: Pal-
ace Sleeping Cars and Dining Cars
through to Chicago. Chair car runs to Bakers-
fleld for accommodation of local flrst-claaa pas-
kengers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrlTea at
11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
9:30 a. m. Daily, Valley Limited, Composite
Car and Reclining Chair Car between Bakers-
field and San Francisco. Corresponding train
arrives at 11:10 p. m. dally.
4: CO p. m. Is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives at 11:10 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Dally is the Overland Express
with through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Freano. Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:25 p. m. daily.
Personally conducted parties far Kansas City.
Chicago and* East leave San Francisco every
Monday. Thursday and Saturday at 8 p. m.
Offices — 641 Market s'treet and in Ferry De-
pot. San Francisco: 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
See Salt Lake City
on Your Way East.
In many ways it is the most interesting
city on the American Continent. Yon
may enjoy a visit there if you join a
Burlington Route Personally Conducted
Tourist Party. The; leave for the
East three times a week.
Another attraction is the Rocky
Mountains, whose grand panorama
unrolls before your eyes for 700 miles.
\ Let me tell you about the trip. Drop
me a postal, or call. - •
W. D.SANBORN, Gen'l Agent Burlington Route,
631 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
689 Phone, Main 1188.
CALIFORNIA NORTWESTEfiN Ml. CO.
. LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
BAILWAT COMPAHT.
Tinuron ferry. Toot oZ Market St.
SAK rBAHCISCO TO SAH &A7AEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.:
12:33, 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 3:30. 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00, 0:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30, 3:40. 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 p.m.
SA2T BAFAEX. TO SAX F3AITC1SCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 6:50, '7:35. 7:50. 9:20.
11:15 a. m.: 12:50, *2:00, 3:40. 6:00, 5:2Ut
6:25 p. m.
- Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35. 9:2O. 11:15 a. m.: 1:43.
3:40, 4:30, 6:00. 6:20. 6:10. 6:23 p. m.
'Except Saturdays. -
Leave j In Effect i Arrive
Ban Francisco. I May 3. 1903. |San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days, j days, j tlon. | daya. | Days.
7 :30 a 7:45 a 7:43 a
7:30 a 8:00 a 8:40 a 8:40 a
8:00 a 9:30 a Ignaclo. 10:2Oa 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p ii:'.'O p
5:10 p 6:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
7:25 p :¦*,.'¦
7:30 a 7:30a . . 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a PeUluma. 6:20 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:23 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:-5p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p 7:25 p
Windsor.
7:30 a 7:30a Healdsburr. 10:20 a 10:20a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle. 7:23 p 7:23 p
Cloverdale.-
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. \ 7:25 p| 7 25 p
7:30al 7:30.il Wllllta. I 7:>jrp4 7:25 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Camp Vacation. 110:20 a[10:2u a
2:30 pi 2:30 p| Guernevllle. | 7:25 p| «:2O p
8:00 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 8:40 a! 8:4Oa
6:10 p| 5:10 pi Glen Ellen. I 6:00 p[ «:20 p
7:30 al 7:30 al 110:20 a!10:20 a
2:30 pi 2:30 pi Sebastopol. I 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Sprin**: at Fvlvn for Altiutia and Mark
West Springs: at Lytton for Lytton Springs:
at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Clover-
dale for the Geysers. Boonevllle and Green- .
wood; af Hopland for Duncan Springs. High-
land Springs. Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs.
Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs.
Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley. John Day's.
Riverside. Llerly'B, Buckneirs. Sanhedrtn
Heights. Hullvllle.' Git's Hot 8prlngs. Half-
way House, Comptche,- Camp Stevens. Hop-
kins, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. Westport.
Usal: at Wllllta for Fort Bragg. Westport.
Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Laytonvllle. Cum-
mlngs. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's, Dyer.
Garberville. Pepperwood. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rate*. -
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half-rates.
- Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronlcl*
building.
. H. C. WH1TINO. R. X. RTAN.
| >"¦¦' Gen. Manager. - Gen. Pass Aft.Yesterday was a dull day In stocks. There
were no fluctuations of any consequence on
the Bond Exchange, and the California and
Tonopah Exchanges held no morning sessions
on account of. the Grand Army parade. Home
Oil "sold In the afternoon at $1 37V4©1 50.
Monte Crlsto Oil will pay a dividend of
lc, or $5000, to-day.
The Homestake . Mining Company of South
Dakota has declared a regular monthly divi
dend of 25c per share, payable August 25.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
WEDNESDAY, Aug. 18—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
. Bid. 1 Ask.l . Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. . — •• 110 1 4s qr c (new)134 135
4s qr reg... — 110 1 3s qr coup — 107Vi
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — | Do con 5». — 105
Bay CPC. 5s. 104*4 — OW C g 5s. — —
C C G&E 5a. — — Oceanic S 5s. 75 82
Cal G & E g ¦ . On C R 6s. — —
and ct 6s.. — — Pac G Imp 4s — —
Cal-st C 5s. — — P E Ry 5s..l06*4107".*
C C Wat 5s. — — PAC R 6s. — —
Ed L & P 6s. — P & O R 6s.. — —
FACH6S. — — P&OR 6s.. — —
Geary-st 6a.. — — ' Powell-st 6s. — —
H C A S 54s — — ' S E G&R 6e. — . —
H'C & S 6s.. 96 100 JSF & SJV fis — 120
Hon R T 6s. — 1074 8 R of C 6s. Ill —
L A Elec 5s. — — S P of A 6s
L A Ry 58..11241M (1909) ....107»il08
L A L C 6s. — — (1910) — —
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 6s. — — <1905)Sr A. — —
LAP lem 5s. — — (1905)Sr B. — —
Mkt-st C «s. — — (190C) — —
Do lem 68.1174 — M1912) — —
NRofC 6s.lO6VilO7"4 S P C leg 5s. — —
NRC(of OSs.119 120 Do stmpd.. — —
NPC R R 58.106 — S P B R 6s. — 138
N C R 5s... — — S V Wat 6s.l07%108
N S R 6s.. — — Do 4s 2dm. — 100 .
O G L H 5s. — — Do 4s 3dm. — —
O T Co 6s.. — 122% Stkn GAE 6s — —
Do Cs — — 'U G & E 5s. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — — iPort Costa . . — —
Martn Co ... — — ISprlng Val.. 85 86
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L * P. — 5 ISac E G & R — —
Eqult Gas... 4% 54 S F G & E. 63 64
Mutual EL.— 134 S F Gas — O-
Pac G Imp.. 50 524 Stkn G & K. — —
Pac L Co. . . 55V4 — U G & E. . . . — —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G t E. C3 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd. — —
BANK STOCKS.
Am Natl Bk. — — Lon P & A. — —
Anglo-Cal .. — — Mer Trust ..20C 260
Bank of Cal. — — Merch Ex . . — — -
CSD&T. — — SF Nation*. — —
First NatlonI — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger SAL..— — Sav & L. So. 95 105
Hum S A- L. — — Sec Sav Bk.400 —
Mutual Say.. — — Union T Co. — f —
• STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — — [Presidio .... — — *
POWDER.
Giant 674 684/Vlgorit — 54
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — — Kilauea S C. — 7
Hawaiian C. 43 — Makaweli C. 2O 25
Honokaa S C 13 13 Vi Onomea S C. 23% —
Hutch S P C 134 14V; Paauhau S C 15 —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Paek.146 148 Oceanic S Co 7 —
Cal Fruit As. — 904 Pac A F A. — —
Cal Wine As. 96 96Vi Pac C Borx. — —
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 43 00
ISO Honokaa Co 13 00 '
25 Honokaa Co 13 12Vi
75 Mutual Electric Light 13 50
100 Paauhau S P Co 15 OO
10 Spring Valley Water, cash 85 0«>
$1,000 S P of Arizona (1900) 107 75
Street —
25 Cal Win Assn 85 50
Afternoon Session.
15 Cal Wine Assn 95 75
110 Cal Wine Assn 9« 0O
10 Giant Powder Con, s 90 68 00
50 Mutual Electric Co 1.1 00
1(X> Paauhau S P Co ...'. 15 00
50 Spring Valley Water S5 00
Street —
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 64 00
62 Spring Valley Water 85 00
$10,000 Market-st Ry 1st con 5s 117 624
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks — Bid. Asked.
Caribou Oil Co 75 SO
Four Oil 70
Hanford Oil 130 OO 135 00
Home Oil 1 37Va 140
Imperial Oil 19 00
Independence Oil 17 IS
Junction Oil 22
Kern Oil 5 00 5 50
Lion Oil
Monte Crlsto Oil 80 85
Monarch Oil 64 M
Oil City Petroleum 30
Peerless Oil 13 50
Reed Crude Oil 40 41
San Joaquin OH 5 50
Sterling Oil 3 00
Thirty-Three Oil 8 00
Twenty-Eight OH 3 50
Union Oil 68 00
United Petroleum IIS 00
West Shore OH 3 00 3 25
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Improvement.. 1 25 1 50
Alameda Sugar 29 00
American Biscuit 8000 9000
American District Tel
|Bay Counties Power
¦Cal Central Gas & Electric
Cal Cotton Mills 85 00
Cal Jockey Club 105 00
Cal Powder
Cal Shipping Co 25 00
Cal Title Ins & Trust 130 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland 60 00
Chutes Company 1 8 25
City & County Bank
Cypress Lawn Impt Co 6 50
Eastern Dynamite '
Ewa Sugar Plantation '
Gas Consumers' Association 22 50
Honolulu Sugar 20 00
London ASF Bank (Ltd) .....
Mercantile Trust .....
Northern Cal Power 9 50
Nevada National Bank .....
North Shore Railroad 6 OO s 00
Orpheum Company 15 50
Pacic States Tel A Tel 122 50
Paraffins Paint 33 00
Postal Device A Improvement
San Francisco Dry Dock 47 00
Sausallto Land A Ferry IB 00
Sperry Flour Company 27 50 80 00
Standard Electric • IS 00
Truckee Electric 1.1 25 IS 00
Union Sugar 22 50
United Gas A Electric ....... 34 50 .....
Western Fish Co
OFFICIAL SALES.
Afternoon Session.
600 Home Oil 1 37Va
1150 Home Oil 140
100 Home Otl 143
100 Home OH .'. 150
603 Reed Crude Oil 4O
600 Occidental, cash 18
100 Sovereign 33
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Followtng were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange board yesterday:
Morning Session.
•00 Andes 161200 Mexican ......110
500 Caledonia .....1 ior.no Occidental 42
SCO C New York.. 131200 Savage ....:.. .15
100 Con Cal & Va.l 251100 Sierra Nevada. 66
200 Crown Point.. IB 4CO Silver Hill .... 67
300 Gould & Curry 33 5O Union 73
*0O Imperial O4
Afternoon Session.
800 Andes 17 100 Silver Hill.... OT
100 Caledonia 1 10 400 SIKer Hill W
100 Crown Point . 15 200 Utah 2»
SCO Occidental 42i 100 Union* ?•
100 Savage 151200 Union TU
300 Sierra Nevada, lot
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
3tt> Alpha Con 07 1^.00 Con CaI&Va.l 27*i
200 Andes 17 1 Mi • Con New Torft lit
100 Best £ Belchr.l 90M0O Mexican 1 15
tOO Caledonia ....I lc|2(»j Unton Con ... 75
Afternoon Session.
COO Bullion 0»lJl>0 Potosi 17
100 Con Cal&Va.l 27*4 ItOO Sierra Nevada. 63
£10 Occidental . 42 1 200 Union Con....' T»
SQO Overman aci
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales In th« Tonopah
Mining Exchange yesterday:
Afternoon Session.
1000 Hannapah ... 25, 200 Un Tonopah.. 16
200 Ton N Star. . . 49, '¦- *
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Aug. 19—3:30 p. m.
Bid. Ask.) Bid. Ask.
Andes 17 1* Julia 02 04
Alpha 07 C9 Justice 12 1*1
Alta 04 Oti'Kentuck 02 CCi
Belcher 1« 17 Mexican 115 120
Belcher 32 o5 Ophlr 1 <tt 1 70
Best & BIchr.l «<> 1 75 Occidental ... 4.5 44
Bullion «>•¦? O* Overman 29 So
Caledonia 1 10 1 2«> Potost 17 IS
Challenge 30 a* Ravage IS 1«
Con Cal & V.I SOI 35 feg Belcher.. 10 12
Confidence ...1 00 1 05 Sierra Nevada 6-S 7i>
Crown Point . 15 1« Silver Hill... W Ki
Exchequer ... 06 07 i Union 77 7'.»
Gould & Cur. 24 .15 Utah 24 23
Hale & Nor.. 41 43 Yellow Jacket 66 53
Imperial 03 0*1
TONOPAH MINES.
¦Csperanza . 03 04 Tono A Cal. 33 3*
Hannapah . — 25,Tono * GW — 1«
MacNamara 15 25jTono N Star 47 4n
Mon Ton...l 07Va 1 lOjTon Midway 47 4S
Paymaster . — 25 Tono & S L — 55
Rescue. ... — 10 United Tono 15 —
T Belmont. — 1 05 Utopia ¦ ... — 56
No. 1. 70c: Baken* AA. $1 10®l 12; Lncol. 41c
for boiled and 39c for raw In barrels; Lard OH.
extra winter strained, barrels. 90c; cases. 95c;
China Nut. 574©62c per gallon; pure Neats
foot, in barrels, 75c; cases. 80c; Sperm, pure,
70c; Whale Oil. natural white. 50«55c per gal
lon; Fish Oil. In barrels. 45c; Cases. 50c: Cc
coanut Oil. In barrels. SSc for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil In cases. 204c; Astral. 204c;
Star, 20V4c; Extra Star, 244c; Elaine. 264c;
Eocene. 23Hc; deodorlxed Stove Gasoline, In
bulk, 17c; In cases, 234c; Benxlne, in bulk,
13c; In cases. 194c: 86-degree Gasoline. In
bulk. 21c: In cases, 274c.
TURPENTINE — 76c per gallon In cases and
70c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead. 6®
64c per lb; White Lead. 6@64c. according to
quantity. -
RICE— China No. 2. $4 82V4B4 87V4; No. 1.
$5 7.Vfi5 90; extra No. 1. $6 40@4 45; Hawaiian.
$4 9O$5; Japan. $5 35@6; Louisiana. $4 50-37.
SUOAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes. as follows, per lb, in 100- lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.75c;
Powdered. 6.60c; Candy Granulated. 5.60c: Dry
Granulated, line. S.ROo; Drv Granulated, coarse.
5.60c: Fruit Granulated. 5.50c: Beet' Granulat
ed (100-lb bags only). 5.40c; Confectioners' A.
5.60c; Magnolia A. 5.10c; Extra C. 5c; Golden
C. 4.90c; "D," 4.80c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 20c more: boxes. 60c more: 50-lb bags.
lOo more for all kinds. Tablets — Half-barrels.
6c; boxes. 6.25c per lb. No orders taken for
Imss than 75 barrels or Its equivalent fi. t
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. AUGUST 19.
Flour, qr sacks. 19,802 Hay. tons 414
Wheat, centals. 12,931 Straw, tons ... S
Barley, centals.. 11.4S9 Wool, bales 117
pats, centals... 3,810 Tallow, centals. 2.V1
Rye centals ... 520 Wine, gallons... 47,550
Beans, sacks ... 191 Brandy, gallons 2,250
Potatoes, sacks. 1,94.1 Leather, rolls .. I:>
Onions, aaeks. .. 933 Pelts, bundles.. 165
Bran sacks ... . 938 Hides, number.. 717
Middlings, sacks «70 Paper, reams . . 82
Screenings, sks. 2O0jQulcksllver. ttsks 70
Sugar, centals.. .600[Cnlcory, barrels... 20
Meat Market.
The situation shows no further change. Hogs
and Cattle are easy and there is sufficient Mut
ton coming In to supply current needs,
ion to."., b DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: w
BEEF 6©7e for Steers and 5$6c per lb
°VEAL— Large, 7©8e; small, 9@10c per lb.
MUTTON — Wether*. 8#9c; Ewes, 8684c per
Spring. 94©10c per lb.
PORK — Dreswed Horb. 8V4C9V4C per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers, 8{i9c : Cows and Heifers,
7(ErSc: thin Ccws, 4®5c per lb. .
CALVES — l§54c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 4c; Ewes. 34@3%c per lb
(gross welsht). . li!__ " .
LAMBS— Spring. $2 75©3 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 6@64c:
under 140 lbs. 54fe6%c; Sows. 20 per cent oft:
Boars. 50 per cent off. and Stags 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS^-Grain Bags, B35Uc;- / San Quentln.
5.55c; Wool Bags, 32035c; Fleece Twine. 7 V4&
8c; Cotton Fruit Bags, 6V*c. 64 and 7V4c for
the three grades. . ¦
COAL — Wellington. $9 per ton; New Wel
lington, $h; Seattle, $0 50; Bryant, $0 50; Bea
ver Hill, $5 60; Stanford, $7: Roalyn, $7; Coos
Bay. $5 50: Greta. $7: Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond. $7 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk ana
$14 25 in sacks; Welsh Anthracite Egg. SW:
Welsh Lump, $11 60» Cannel. $8 60 per ton;
Coke, $11 6O®13 per ton In bulk and $15 in
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $3 45 per
20iX) lbs and $8 50 »er ton. according to brand.
OIL— Linseed, 44o for boiled and 42c for raw
In barrels; cases. 5c more; Castor Oil. In cases.
¦¦'¦¦'
Nevs York Stock Market.
SEW YORK. Aug. 19. — The reactionary
'orce* developed In yesterday's late stock mar-
krt becanr.c preponderant in to-day's stock roar
k. t and caused a sharp backset in prices. It
\.aj. *vI4ent that the underlying cause of the
r ••action «.ii that the rebound had been fast so
Car as perctfradt the outside causes which were
•'.var.ced to account for the decline being th? ef-
, t ( .atfcer tftan the cause of it. The domi
tant infiatnees in prices were In the market
itM-'.f Yesterday'* profit-taking left the mar
ket i« a weaker technical poeltion. The con
<ir(t<5 celling all through the list caused the
relief that a large* bear party had been organ
ised among the professional traders to contest
lne advance. In j>ome quarters lt was suspected
i hat the choice of well recognized bear opera-
ar* to conduit the selling was a ruse to cover
n,f.\-itklnK sales cf those long stocks, as the
::;>earanc<? cf bear selling is the most likely to
BvttB support of stocks by their market man
ifrr. The kind of eupport and protection for
¦rk-< * which h«vr- been in evidence since the
rend definitely turned upward was not 6<?en
o-day and th* fall In prices was uncontested.
riir speculative public at large was left to
OBjectm* wht-ther the powerful capitalists
ho**- leadership they have supposed they were
illowirj? had sold cut their stocks and rc
reil from the market or whether they had be-
• tSrac dissatisfied with the rapidity of the ad
vance and the character of their following ami
lid determined to countenance a reaction for
Um purpose of shaking off a weak and unde
••-.rable following of weuk traders. The reac
ttea did. in tact, uncover large numbers cf
i-top-losa order* and wiped out narrow margin*
of small .speculators who have been attracted
by the rapid rebound. London was a seller o"
Mocks on a large scale. «-vident]y In the nature
of profit taking. That there were large addi
tions to the ehort interest aa a consequence of
the day's sjeJling Is a fair conjecture. As 'or
the news developments that were an Influence
«--n important plac* must be given to the ques
tion rained whether the rejection of the Panamg
<ar,«l treaty by- the Colombian Senate Is to be
r*«arded as final. Yesterday's news of the
rejection was made njuch of by the bulls as re
lif-ving the exchange market of the need of
supplying means far remittance on the canal
payment aad leaving the Treasury Department
free to us* measures at relief for the mnn*y
market. Buyers on this factor were naturally'
<"i*fcppointed by to-day's revised view of the
canal treaty outlook. Much attention was da
voted to a circumstantial report that th« leg- '
lr!ator» who are looked to to frame the legisla
tion have be*& unable to agree; ana that aoy1
Wheat — Sept. Oct. Dec
Opening <> «H 664 0 UK
Closing « 6% 0 64 6 ii%
PARIS.
Wheat— Aug. Ncv,-Feb.
Opening 22 25 2155
Closing 22 15 ' 21 43
Flour —
Opening 3<> TO 28 CO
Closing 30 60 28 5j
Eastern Livestock Market.
* ¦¦ ¦ ' ¦ ', ¦¦¦¦ - ¦
CHICAGO. Aug. 19.— CATTLE— Receipts
1S.500, Including .1500 Texans. Good to
prime steers. $5 1005 60; poor to me
dium, $3 <!5@4 90; stockers and feed
ers. *2 2504; cows. $2 50@4 40; heif
ers, $2@4 95; canners $1 50@2 00; bulls
$2^4 30; calves, $2 50©7 25; Texas fed steers!
$3 2. r >«i4 40; Western steers. $3 25ig'4 45
HOGS— Receipts : To-day. 25.000; to-morrow
20,000. Good, steady to strong; others slow'
Mixed and butchers'. $4 9005 65; good to
choice heavy. $5 15®5 45; rough heavy $4 75
OS 15; light. $5 20g6; bulk of sales. $5 15®
5 45. .
SHEEP— Receipts. 25.000; sheep and lambs
steady to 15c lower. Good to choice wethers
$3 25^3 65; fair to choice mixed, $2 5003 25-
Western sheep. $2 75tf?3 50; native lambs $3 25
@5 76; Western lambs. $4 60(85 50
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo.. Aug. 19— CATTLE— Re
ceipts. 1500; steady; natives. $3 85@5 40; cows
and heifers, $1 50@4 50; stockers and feeders
$2 5004 15.
HOGS— Receipts, 6000; 5c higher. Light.
$5 3005 65; medium and heavy $5 15ft 5 05
SHEEP— Receipts. 7500; 10@15c lower.
Nczv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 19. — The cotton market
closed dull, but - 16 points' higher to 3 points
lower. ...
New York Metal Market. .
NEW YORK.- Aug. 10. — Spot tin was . £1
lower in London at £127 and futures declined
10s to £124 5s. Locally tin was steady, with
spot closing at $27 80®28. =.-...;•
Copper was ¦ rather easier. .In London, spot
there. declining 10s to £59 10s, with futures;
however, unchanged at £53 15s. Locally cop-'
Receipts of river Potatoes were light, bul
carrled-over utock was plentiful and the tone
of the market wa« rather weak. The low
prices stimulated the demand for shipping, and
buying for that purpose was moderately active.
Some strictly fancy lots in boxes and sacks
continued to command a small premium over
the quoted rates. Three cars of Salinas Bur
banks were on Hale and moved off well at
steady rates. Sweet Potatoes were in light re
ceipt and prices were largely nominal. Onions
were in free supply and moved slowly at un
steady prices.
With the exception of poor String and Lima
Beans, which were exceedingly dull, there was
a brl«<k demand for vegetables and prices of
several descriptions ranged higher. .Receipts
of Tomatoes were light and choice offerings
from the . river brought a« much as the best
article from across the bay. Some very poor
and soft stock sold at 75cft$l per box. Green
Corn, Summer Squash, Egg Plant and Cucum
bers moved freely, while Green Okra and Pep
pers were dull.
I POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, 75c@
$1 10 per ctl in sacks and $101 50 In box™,
with some fancy higher; Salinas Burbanks.
$1 60©l 75 per ctl; Early Rose, 80c©$l; Garnet
Chiles, $1@1 15; Sweet Potatoes. 24@3&c per
lb for river and 84@4c for Merced.
ONIONS — 60f&;70c oer ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. $l@i 50 pt . r
eaok- crates from" Alameda, $1 25@l 75; from
Berkeley. $1©1 26; Green Peas. 3@4o per lb;
String Beans, l®24c*per 1b; Wax. 14@3c;
Lima Beans. 2@3c per lb: Tomatoes. $i 25@2
per box: Summer Squash, 30@>40c per box; Cab
bage. 75c©$l per ctl: Carrots. 75c@$l per sack;
Cucumber-. r>3@50c per box: Pickle Cucumbers,
$1 50 per box for No. 1 and 65c©$l for others;
Garlic, 2@3c per lb; Green Peppers. 25®40c per
box or sack for -Chile and 35@50c for Bell;
Green Okra, 40050c per box; Egg Plant.' 60@
65c per box; Marrowfat Squash. $20 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
• The,. Poultry, market, was heavily supplied
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables.
EASTERN MARKETS.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about 14c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers 10c: medium, »c; light. 8c; Cow
Hides. 8c for heavy and 8c for light;
Stags 6c: Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal. 9Vic;
Salted Calf. 10c; dry Hides, 10c; dry Kip. 13c;
dry Calf. 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25@30c
each- short wool, 4<Mj'60c each: medium, 70®
00c- long wool, $1C?1 60 each; Horse Hides, salt.
$2 75 for large and $2 25@2 50 for medium, $2
for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $1@1 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins^ — Dry
Mexican 324c; dry salted Mexican, 26c: dry
Central American. 324c Goat Skins— Prime
Angoras. 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium,
TALLOW— No, i rendered, 4V4®4*4c per lb;
No. 2, 4©4Vic; grease. 24®3c
WOOLV-Fall clip — San Joaquin Lambs'. 9@
12c; Foothill. 10012c; Middle County, 11013c.
Quotations for spring clip are as follows: Hum
boldt and Mendoclno, 18620c; Nevada, 13©15c:
Valley Oregon, fine, 18® 19c; do, medium. 170
18c- do. coarse, 16@17c per lb.
HOPS— 1003. 10020c; 1002. 17V4c per lb.
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
Bruit and, Wheat Bulletin.
For the twer.ty-four hours ending 5 p. m..
l^i'th tiMTidian time. San Francisco, August 20.
2 2— "i t3 <
Iff 1*1 *: 8 *i
STATIONS. 5= b" =5 % r =-
\ '. """"b - • '•
«*!cv*.rd:ile ... '.'"> C 2 Clear
Coluna »1 61 Clear
Eureka C2 f>4 Clear W Lt
Krvsno U4 70 ....*. CWr NW 12
Har.tord «5 «1 Clear • ..
Hol!ist«-r K» t2 Clear
Independence 1<» <)C Clear W 20
King City ... K9 52 Clear N Lt
Livt-rmcre . . M* f.2 Clear
Los Angele*. 94 CS Cltar SW 12
Napa s*. 4S Pt.Cldy SW
Newman I 1 * '*• •••• Cloudy
Palerraa «3 «4 Clear e * ..
Porterviile ... 97 05 Clear W
r>d Biuflf ...'¦<•> 68 Clear SE 8
Sacramento . *»« 56 Clear S 12
f-un VHr.xo m; 4X .... Clear SW 6
San Fran . . . «4 S2 Pt.Cldy W 28
San Jom? ~* 52 Clear
P. L. Obispo.. M C8 Clear NW 8
Fanta Rosa . Ml 45 Clear
Stcxkton K1 «;i Pt.Cldy
Willow H4 t.7 Pt.Cldy S ..
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Har.ford — Packinc: houses report peach crop
heavy. Prunes lisrht. Grape* excellent.
Willows — Crop conditions continue favorable.
HolUster — Coclln moth Injuring apples and
I-urp th-it have not been sprayed.
Nar>a— Prunes rl|.«nlng. good «ize and qual
ity.
Livrmore — First car of pears shipped tn-day.
r-*r.ta P.osa — Peach and pear drying pro-
PplernTv—Orctisrdi-rtF are drying late Craw
ford ;*arh«i.
«"!ov<rdale — Cling peaches large, but short
crop.
«¦«.»! uta — Prunes have commenced to ripen.
Orapfs of fine quality; large crop.
Newman— Light showers: no damage.
Stocki'.n — Graf""* very Flow in getting eoler;
holding back Eastern shipment!-.
A. G. McADIE, Section Director.
Chicago was easier, with no news of import
ance. This market wa» ; dull, as the different
houses closed during the middle of the day on
account of the Grand Army parade.
CUR£D MEATS — Bacon. 124c per lb for
heavy 13c for light medium, 16c for -light.
154c for extra light, 174c for sugar-cured and
184c for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugar
cured Hams, 15%c; California Hams, 154c:
Mess Beef. $11 60<912 per bbl; extra Mess, $12
©12 50; Family, $13 50; prime Me?s Pork, $13;
extra clear. $25; Mess. $20: Dry Salted Pork.
124c: Pig Pork, $23; Pigs 1 Feet, $5 25; Smoked
Beef. 15c rer lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7*Jc per lb for
compound and 10@10Vic for pure; half barrels,
pure. 104©10"4c; 10-lb tins. 10%©llc; 5-lb
tins U%c; 3-lb tins, 114c
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 9%c; three
half barrels, 94c: one tierce, 9%c; two tierces.
9V4c; five tierces, 9V6c per lb.
Provisions.
There »re no, further changes to report In
Beans. The market Is quiet.
BEANS— Baycs. ?3; Pea. $3 25; Butters,
$3 25; small White, $2 75fi3 10; Urge White.
yz 75&2 ST.; Pink, $2 85^.1; Red, $2 9O@;;.
Lima. $3 25413 50: Red Kidneys, nominal;
Blackcye, $2 5032 75 per ctl : Horse Beans,
»* 40@l 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal: Flax. $1 7o#l 80; Canary,
5fi3*4c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape,
1%®24c; Timothy, 6@«4c; Hemp, 3V«e3Vsc
per lb; Millet, 3#34c; Broom Corn Seed, |2u@
13 rer ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green, *1 80(g2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — $4 83J4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86%
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 87%
New York Exchange, sicht ..... — 74
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Silver, per ounce — " °4 V*
Mexican ' Dollars, nominal — 43
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Foreign futures were lower. Oth
erwise there was nothing new from abroad..
Chicago was unsettled, declining from 80%c
to 7991c and recovering to 81 Vic. The specu
lative feeling was nervous. Offerings contin
ued moderate. Southwest acceptances were
light and Northwestern houses were buying.
It was reported that Northwestern crop esti
mates would be revised and increased.
In this market futures were higher, but the
cash grain remained unchanged. • -_....
* CASH WHEAT. ....
California- Club. $1450150; California
White Australian. $1 55«1 60; Northern Club.
II 45ijl 60; Northern Blue Stem. $1 55^1 574;
Oregon Valley, $1 524.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. ta.~
Op*>n. Hl?h. Low. Close.
December $1 464 *1 4 ?4 H *«H-*1 4TVi ,
2 p. m. Session." . . , .
Open. High. Low. Close.
December .....$1 474 $1 ¦*"* H.47K $1 47V4
BARLEY — The feeling was firm and a sale
of Feed to arrive at ?1 10 was reported. The
southern coast sent up free receipts, but they
were «n route to Port Costa.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $1 074@l 10; Shipping and Brew-
Ing, $1 124S1 174; Chevalier, $1 20@l 40 for
fair to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ?1 07% *l 07% $1 07% $1 07%
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December $1 01% $1 08 $1 074 $1 07%
OATS — There is nothing new to report in
this market. There 1? the usual Jobbing de
mand for feed, while the inquiry for seed con
tinues good.
White, $1 20<31 30; Black, $1 30@l 45; Red.
$1 16@1 20 for common and $1 25®1 30 for
choice; Gray, nominal.
CORN— The old prices are still quoted, with
a quiet and steady market.
Western, sacked. $1 50®l 524 for Yellow
and $1 47 41; 1 50 for mixed; California large
Yellow, $1 574©1 624: small round do, $1 70
©1 75; White, $1 55 per ctl.
RYE— $1 17461 2"» I*r ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25^2 50 per ctL
Flour and Millstiiffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras. $4 CO©
4 85, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 50<tfJ 60:
Oregon and Washington, |3 0004 20 per bbl
for family, and $3 (KX&4 40 for Bakers.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 50 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour, $3 25: Rye Meal, ""$3; Rice Flour. $7;
Corn Meal. $3 50: extra cream do. $4 25; Oat
Groats $4 50: Hominy, $4 2*.'i?4 50; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 5C04 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 76; Fa
rina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 75: Rolled
Oats. bbls. $768 CO: In Eacks, $6 50©8 10;
Pearl Barley. $0: Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Handlers of Feedstuffs continue to report a
firm market for thesa goods. Hay is unchanged.
The circular of Somers & Co. says:
"Hay shipments have been increasing dur
ing the r»ast week, the total for the past six
days being ">500 ton». an increase over the
week preceding of 400 tons. Under the pres
sure of such heavy arrivals, matters have
been dragging somewhat, but prices have been
held up remarkably well. Choice grade Wheat
Hay sells Itself, but the medium grades have
to be worked off because of their abundance.
Ordinarily this would bring a decided lowering
of price?, but as the bulk of present ship-,
ments are shipped on purchases. It can be
readily understood why every- one holds firmly
for the prices of 'last month.
"Owing to the general fear of early rain*,
much Hay is seeking storage room; private
barns are being utilized in many districts and
many lots that were purchased for immediate
shipment will be put away for winter delivery.
We believe the fields will be cleaned much
earlier than usual, and that we will have to
draw from warehouse stocks shortly after the
first of October. This will probably occasion
a much earlier advance' in prices than was
generally exoectrd, and a fairly strong' fall
market can be reasonably anticipated.
"Export trade continues without chanee In
any way. no orders of any great size having
been placed here for some time. Town trade
is brisk, as la usual' this time of year, with
1 many large consumers filling their barns for
winter."
BRAN— $24 50(?25 50 per ten.
1 MIDDLINGS— $27®30 per ton.
SHORTS— $24(525 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled B&rley, $23@Cil per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2iVg26 50: Job
bing, $27@27 50; Cocoanut Cake, $21»22:
Corn Meal. $33 S0@34 50; Cracked Corn. |34@
35; Mixed Feed, $23^24; Horse Beans, $2S®30
I or ton;
HAY— Wheat. S12igl4 50; Wheat and Oat.
$110i:« 50; Oat.- $10013; Wild Oat, $9 50®
II 50; Barley. $9«?11; Clover. $s 50©ll; Stock,
*N0O; Alfalfa. $S@10 50 per ton.
STRAW — 10@<X'c per bale.
NEW FRUIT — Apricots. 64©9c for Royals
and 9610c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples.
54@6}<.c; Peaches, 44®7c for fair to good
stock; Pears, nominal at 7c.
OLD FRUIT— Evaporated Apples, 4g54c;
Bun-dried, «K«Nc: Nectarines, 4©5c for white;
Plums. 4Qtic for pitted and l@14c for unplt
ted- Fig->. 3V.04c for black and 4©5c for white.
PRUNES—^1902 crop. 2%«r2%c for the four
sizes, with 4@lc premium for the large sizes.
RAISINS — 1902 crop are quoted as follows:
2-crown loose Muscatels. 50-lb boxes. 5%c per
lb; 3-crown, 5»4c; 4-crown. Cc: Seedless, loose
Muscatels, 5c; Seedless Sultanas, 5c; Seedless
Thompsons. 64c, 2-crcwn London Layers, 20
lb boxes, $1 40 per box; 3-crown. $1 50; 1
erown fancy clusters, 20-lb boxes. $2: 2-crown
Dehesas, 20-lb boxes. $2 50; 6-crown Imperials,
20-lb boxes. $3; Seeded, f. o. b. Fresno, fancy.
1-lb cartons. 7%c: choice. 74c.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 124® 13c:
No 2. lOW.@114c: No. 1 hardshell, ll%@12c;
No' 2 10®10M.c: new Almonds, lie forNonpa
rell's, 'lC4c fo"r I X L. lOVic for Ne Plus Ul
tra and 8*4c for Languedoc; Peanuts, ">B7c
fcr Eastern; Pecans, ll®13c: Cocoanuts. ?4 50
e 'i>.
* HONEY — Comb, new, 1240134c for white
and lie for amber: new water white extracted.
54«j»5c; light amber extracted, SgfS^c; dark,
44©*" t ic
BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb.
Dried Fru its, Nuts, Raisins, Honey
Boston & Albany.247 Pom Coal 80
N T. N II & H..195 Franklin - 8
Fltchburg pfd ..134 Isle Royale "4
Union Pacific 744 Mohawk 40V*
Mex Central 144 Old r>om 10
Miscellaneous. — Osceola 57
Amer Sugar ./...115 Parrot 19
Do pfd 118 ,Quincy 05
Amer Tel & Tel.. 134 Santa Fe Copper. 1H
Dom Iron & Steel. 9 Tamarack 100
Gen Electric 163 Trlmountain «»4
Mass Electric ... 22 Trinity 5%
Do pfd 70 United States 19*4
ITnlted Fruit 95U Utah 26
U S Steel 224 Victoria 4 .
Do pfd 71 Winona Rl
Westing Com 80 Wolverine 66
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for money.90 5-16IN Y Central 127H
Cons for acct 00%lNor & West 654
Anaconda 4 t Do pfd 884
Atchison 63% Ont & West 25V*
Do pfd ti2»4 Pennsylvania 64%
Bal & Ohio 85 U Rand Mines W>Z
Can Pacific 12S»4 Reading 25^
Ches & Ohio 35% Do l«t prd 42
Chi Gt Weste-n. I8V4 Do Id pld J54
Chi. Mil & St P.1484 So Railway ?4
De Beers 19% Do pfd 874
Den & Rio G 2<1V 4 So Pacific 474
Do pfd 804 Union Paciflo ... 78
Erie V.OU, Do pfd 884
Do 1st pfd C94 U S Steel ....... 244
Do 2d pfd 15r»H Do pfd 74V4
III Central 13ft Wabash 23V4
Louis & Nash. ..100 Do pfd 37%
Mo. Kans & T... 214
Bar silver— Steady. 25%d per ounce.
Money — 1HS2 per cent. ' *
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills Is 2% per cent and for three months'
bills 2% per cent. •
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Aug. '19.— FLOUR— Receipts,
17,800 barrels; exports, 23,633 barrels; steady,
but dull.
WHEAT— Receipts, 3S.2O5 busheU; exports,
31,eS3 bushels; spot, firm; No. 2 red, 85c
elevator and 874c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 North
ern Duluth. 95c f. o. b. afloat. Options opened
steady with the Northwest, but booj yielded
to liquidation. Near the close there was a
sharp rally on covering and export busiMas.
last prices showing %&Hc net advance. May
closed at 88%c; September, 864c; December,
87%c.
HOPS— Firm; olds. 7fi?9c; Pacific Coast,
1901 crop, 15©17c; olds, 7Cf9c.
HIDES— Steady.
SUGAR— Firm.
COFFEE — Quiet. Futures closed steady at
net unchanged prices; sales 19,000 bags. In
cluding September at 3.90c; December. 4.45Q
4.50c; March, 4.70S4.75C; July, 4.9535c.
DRIED FRUITS. ¦
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is
rather higher and quieter. There Is a good,
demand with outside prices rarely obtained.
Commort 4g54e; prime, 5»<i@6c; choice, 6^4®
64c; fancy. 6%^74c.
PRUNES — Spot prunes are in coed demand
from Jobbers and show no matirlal change,
either in price or general condition*. Quota
tions range from 3c to 7c for all grades.
APRICOTS — Firm: new crop choice are
quoted at 9QD4c; old choice, SSS%c; fancy,
10ffl24c.
PEACHES— Moving a little better and rule
firm at 7S74c for choice and SglOftc for
fancy.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Aug. 19.— There was a fairly
steady opening In wheat, due to reports of
continued wet weather in the United Kingdom,
and September opened a shade lower to a
ehade higher at S0%@80%c. Local longs
showed a disposition early in the day to buy
back some of the wheat they .had sold out
during the past few days and were encouraged
in that by the action of cash houses, which
bought freely of the September delivery. This
demand resulted In a better tone during the
first half hour, when September sold up to
61 %c. but later In the day reporU of good
weather In the Northwest, together with a
better field than had been expected, caused
heavy liquidation and prices declined rapidly.
A break of 2c In the price of the cash com
modity at Minneapolis, heavy receipts at all
primary points and light clearances added to
the weakness and started a stampede to sell
by local longs which resulted in September
declining to 7!»%c. Covering by shorts during
the last half-hour caused a sharp rally and
the close was near the top, with September
%G4c hirher at 81 Vic.
There was some covering in corn early In
the session on the firmness In wheat, and with
light offerings the market became firmer.
September closed a shade higher it lilVic.
Oats were Independently strong throughout
the entire day. September closed J4o higher
at 344c.
Provisions were without support and con
tinued selling by longs forced prices to a
lower level. Trading was dull the entire day.
The close was weak, with September pork
down 15c, lard was oft 74@10c, while ribs
were down 5c.
The leading futures ranged as fellows:
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2 —
September, old. 81 81% 804 81%
.September, new. 81 Sl% 79% 81 4
December, new. 81% 824 H 82 1 ,;'
May 83% 84 83 84
Corn. No. 2 —
September 514 61% 50% 51%
December 51 Vj 52 MM, 52
May 52 524 51% 524
Oats. No. 2 —
i September 334 -4% 3.1 ** 34 4
i December 35% 3«4 K>=v 36^
May 37% 3$4 374 38%
Mess pork, per bbl —
September 12 55 12 65" 12 43 12 524
October 12 70 12 70 12 . r >24 12 60
May 13 024 13 024 12 82H 12 95
Lard, per 100 !bs —
September 7 874 7 874 7 80 7 SO
October 7 50 7 00 7 40 7 45
Short riba, per 100 lbs —
September 7 324 7 374 7 324 7 35
October 7 424 7 45 7 40 7 45
Cash quotations . were as follows: Flour,
easier- No 2 spring wheat, 82®83e: No. 3,
7805.1c; No. 2 red. 79',ii3*lc: No. 2 corn,
71 V« ©71 4c; No. 2 yellow, 524c; No. 2 oat*.
344c; No. 2 white. 33c; No. 3 white, 34U@
354c; No. 2 rye, 514c; fair to choice malting
barley. 4G!353c; No. 1 flaxseed. 964c; No. 1
Northwestern, $1; prime timothy «eea, $3 25;
mess pork, per bbl. $12 45@12 50; lard, per
100 lbs $7 C2467 65; short ribs sides (loose),
»7t?7 25: dry salted shoulders (boxed). J7(g7 25;
short clear sides (boxed). $7 «24#7.7"i; whisky,
basis of high wines, $1 24; clover, contract
grade. »12@12 50.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 35.700 11,000
Wheat, bu 212,300 &7.500
Corn, bu 200,000 209,600
Oats, bu 299,900 43,100
Rye bu 10,500
Barley, bu 11.000 2,500
On the Produce Exchange to-day tht butter
market was steady; creameries, 141il9c; dair
ies, 13ffl7c. Eggs, steady; at mark. 14gl54c
Cheese, steady; 10«114c
Weather Report.
(I2f'th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 19. 5 p. m.
..«a s 2 r i J
9 b ~r , S a ** * * *r
2 |S == %.- »: S
STATIONS. % :¦- 53 s5 =•"* ?
T *L~ £~ r r 5
I S. C ; . 3
• S re • '. '.
raker 23 . 7fi 02 60 NW Clear Too
Cfcrtwa 2:».k2 84 60 w Pt.Cifly .<0
Kurtka :io.«2 62 54 W Clear T.
Fresno 25*. 76 Ws 70 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 28.80 M 52 N Cloudy .02
Independence 2&.CS 100 66 W Clear .00
Lab Angeles. .29. 8f» in ty* SW Clear .00
Mt Tamalpals.29.IH 78 fiO \V Pt.Cldy -O0
N»nh Head. ...H0.O0 «2 ">« S Cloudy .02
I'hc^nix 29.«V» li>* K4 s Clear .00
Pc<-ate:io, Ida.29.7S 94 58 SE Cloudy .02
Portland 29.94 78 «» N Pt.Cldy .00
Red Bluff 29. 76 'J*i «R SE Clear .00
Roseburg 2>.92 SO C2 NW Clear .<X>
SacrarnfTito ..29.80 KS 5*5 S Clear .00
Salt Lake 29.72 9S 06 SE Pt.Cldy .00
t-an tYaftciseo.29.P2 «4 M W Pt.Cldy .00
8. L. Ohl*po..*».fc4 8* 62 NW Clear .00
Kan Diego 29. SO &« 6K EW Cloudy .00
Prattle 29.98 74 5S SE Clw T.
2S.74 SS 70 W Clear .00
Tatootih 2».M <X» f»4 SV\' Cloudy .02
"A alia Walla. .29. <«2 8* #3 r-W Clear .C«0
Wtr.nemueca .29.7>« f>2 M NW Clear .00
Yuma 29.C4 10*. 82 SW Pt.Cldy .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Thf pressure ha* ri?*n slowly over the north
em hn'.f (,' the Paelflr Coast. An exten«i\-e de
l>r^*ficn exists over th«- 5ntermountaln country,
with an extension northeastward across the
Kocky Mountains to the upper Missouri Valley.
<"lcu<iy weather has prevailed over most of
<*aUforn!a and thunder *howers have occurred
in Snuth'rn Idaho, Utah and Arizona.
Over the northwestern portion of the country
ther* has beer a fail of about 8 degrees In tem-
I*rature. «
H;rh wind* are reported at Modena. Carson
City and North Head.
For*ca« madr at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. August 20:
Northern California — Cloudy Thursday. p<"*
t-'.hly shower* In the foothills and mountains:
v.arrr.er in the interior; brisk westerly winds
<,n the coast.
Roetbera California — Clrrudy. unsettled
-*«athrr Thtirs<day. -»ith showers in the ln
ttrior: fresh eouthwest wind*.
Xtvada— F»lr Thursday In northern portion;
»'::<- wort; cooler in southern j>ortlon.
Psn Frar.clsco find vicinity — Cloudy Thurs
dar; licht southwest winds, changing to brisk
»c*terlT. A. G. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
NEW YORK, Aug. 19.— United Ilallrpads of
j San Francisco bond transactions were $15,000
at $77 50.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Sales. Hleh. Low. Close.
Atchison <>J,000 ti3«i 60 60
Atchlson pfd 1.500 90 89 89'
Baltimore & Ohio.. 18.100 MU S2 82
Bait & Ohio pfd... 1.100 87\ S7 87
Canadian Pacific. 6,500 125"* 124 124
Centra; of N J 159
Chesapeake & Ohio 4.300 35 33V4 33
Chicago & Alton.. 1)00 23 23 22
Chi & Alton pfd... 100 63 63 61
Chi & Gt Western 2.000 174 16*4 l«?i
Chl&GtWBfd.. 500 29*4 29 29
Chicago & N W... 100 1654 1654 1654
Chi Term & Trans 5*00 11 11 11
Chi T & T pfd rt<>0 21*4 214 20"-i
C. C. C & St I 1.200 76 744 74>4
Colo Southern 1.20U 14*4 144 1*J4
Colo South l«t pfd. 700 53»fc 52 MS
Colo South 2d pfd.. 100 234 234 22"*
Del & Hudson 1624
Del. Larka & W 243
Denver & Rio G.. 800 25 24 24
D A R G pfd 300 77*.; 77 76
Erie 69.100 30% . 2S 28
Erie 1st pfd fc.300 68 OtH4 WU
Erie 2d pfd 2.700 52»i 604 50 Vs"
Great Northern pfd 165
Hoiking Valley ... 200 71?» 70 704
Hocking Val pfd.. 700 SI 80 78
Illinois Central ... 1,100 13***., 133 1S5
Iowa Central .... 100 22 22 21
Iowa Central pfd 39
Kans City South.. 5O0 22% 20% 21
I K C Southern pfd. 300 394 38 S7
Louisville Jc Nash. 6.900 107 104*4 104*i
Manhattan L 2.300 130*% 133 13*
Metropolitan St Ry 1.100 115«-j 1134 1134
Minn & Ft Louis.. 200 «2V* t*2"* 59
Mi-smri Pacific .. 34,400 9« 934 93»«,
M. K & T .7.000 20*; 19\ 19»i
M. K & T pfd 1.S00 43% 414 41 •*
Nat RR of Mex pfd 600 39*4 3T"4 374
N Y Central 4.600 1244 122 122
Norfolk 6c WeEtwn.-. 1.800 .. O3i4_ .124 <"2*A
Norf & West pfd.: . 80
Ontario & Western 8.400 24 Vt 23 23
Pennsylvania 13.100 1251* 123-4 1231s
Pitts. C. C & St L 100 63 63 62
Reading 66.300 57 544 54%
Reading 1st pfd... 200 81 s ; 80% SO"*
Rwuling 2d pfd «S4
Rock Island Co... 130.400 30*; 26% 26%
Rock Island Co pfd 3.400 «K$ C34 V2
St L & S F iFt pfd COO 704 704 C9
St L & S F 2d pfd 400 51 50 4 50
*=t Louis S \V 7<R) 17 16 16
St Louis S W pfd. 2.3O0 S44 32 S 33
St Paul 42.S0O 145% 141% 141 **
St Paul pfd 171
Southern Pacific .. 33.300 46% 43% 44"-,
Southern Ry 18,800 24 ¦ 224 224
Southern Ry pfd.. 100 83% R3"» S3",
Texas & Pacific .. 4,«00 28 H 264 2»J
Tol. St L & W 100 22*; 22*; 22
Tol. Ft L & W pfd 300 30 % 23*4 29
Union Pacific 67.900 77 74 i s 74 4
Unton Tec r-M 7"0 8tt"-i 85 4 8«Vi
! Wabash 1.300 23 22 22
I Wabash ni4 6.000 XI :it% 34 * 4
Wheel & Lake Erie 100 174 17Vi 17
Wisconsin Central. 300 19«^ 184 18
Wisconsin Cen pfd. COO 40>; 39 384
Express Companies —
Adams 221
American 183
United States 105
We-Hs-Farj-o 200
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper. . . 77.0<"i0 51 464 46%
Amer Car & Found 1.400 34 34 >i 32
Amer Car & F pfd. 100 84 »J S4 83
Amer Lin OH 10
Am L Oil pfd 32
Amer Locomotive . 1,100 194 184 18
Amer Loco pfd ... 200 84*; 84 8«4
Aroer Smelt & Hef 3.700 46'^ 44^4 45
Am S & R pfd Kl'i
Am Sugar Ref 6.90O 117 115 115
Anaconda Minig Co £00 7^"« 70>-i 754
Brooklyn R Transit 9.S00 47>; 44% 44%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 45
Colum & H Coal 1H%
Consolidate Gas.. 2,000 180 178 177
General Electric... 800 1«5 103 177
Internl Paper 800 14 124 12
Intern! Paper pfd • 081}
Internl Pump 200 S5^ 33 33
Internl Pump pfd 524
National Biscuit .. 1O0 3K»; 3S% 27 4
National Lead 100 1C 16 15
North American... 1,300 78% 754 75U
Pacific Mail 100 22 22 21
Peoples Gas 1.000 95 934 »•"¦ 4
Prctsed Steel Car. COO 444 42 42 »
Pressed f= Car pfd 80
Pullman Palace Car 10O 2IS 21R 21S
Republic Steel 1.200 124 12 ll"i
Republic Steel pfd 1.100 «7 iA C5%
Rubber Goods 2,100 14"i 11«; »((,
Rubber Goods pf<3 «l»4
Tenn Coal & lrcn.. 10.300 444. 41% 41M-
U K Leather l..W> H\( t 84 «vii
1* S Leather pfd.. 9.."MW R3 81 Rf)
V B Rubber 1.S00 13 11 4 10
\: H RuM^r pfd... 1O0 4O 40 3:»
V fi Mccl KJ.flOO .24% 224 224
r S Steel rfi 11.300 73 714 71
Western Union $3
Total Mies xfM.Sfifl
NEW YORK BONDS.
V S ref 2s. reg. .IW- L & N u .i<n>d 4s. »8"4
Docoupon lOfii; Mcx Cent 4« 72%
Do 3s. reg lOfiV.- Do 1st lne 10'
Docoupon 10«4 Minn & St L 4s.. 97 - '
Do new 4s, reg. 134 M. K &. T 4s 9"
Do coupon 134 1 Do 2ds 77
Do old 4s, reg.109 N V C gen 34s.. B8*4 !
Do coupon 109 N* J C cen 5s.... 1274
Do 5s. reg 1014 "*or Pac 4s 100%
Do coupon 1014 Do 3s 7o«i
Atch ren 4s sni$ Nor & W con 4s.. 97
Do adj 4s SS I Reading gen 4s.. 95
Bui & Ohio 4s... 100 S L & I M con 5s.lll
Do 34» »2 iS L & B F 4s 92
Do conv 4s 95 |St Louis SW lets B3*S
Can So 2ds 108^4 Do 2ds 73'*
Central of Ga 5s. 1044 S A & A Pass 4s. 75
Do 1st '.nc 754 So Pac 4s R5"4
Che* & Ohio 44s.lO2>4 So Ry 5s mi*
Oil & Alton 34s. 724 Tex & Pac lsts.,114%
C, B & Q new 4«. 90% Tol, S L & W 4s. 71 U
C. M 4 SP gen4«.102 Union Pac 4s.... 99%
C & .NW con 78.129 Do conv 4s ... ft-lii
C. R I & Pac 4S.100 Wnba-n lsts ...JUi2
C.C.C.&St Lgn 4s. B3 Do 2ds .A04 ¦
Chi Term 4s 724 Do deb B 6S4
Colo & So 4s 834 West Shore 4s ...lf«U
Den &. Rio O 4s. 99 W & L. Erie 4g.. 89
Erie prior lien 4s. 9«4 Wis Central 4s... 89
Do gen 4s 82^ Colo Fuel & I.. HO
F W & D C lsts.104 {Con Tob B7
Hock Val 4Hs... 1044 Pennsylvania B5W
Rock Island 75 Manhattan 102
Steel 79 I
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con .. 10 Little Chief 06
Alice 17 Ontario C 00
Breece 15 Ophlr .'..150
Bruns Con 07!Phoenix 08
Com Tunnel .... O6H Potosl 15
Con Cal & Va.. 1 40 Savage 22
Horn Silver .... 1 05 Sierra N»v 70
Iron Silver 1 75 Small Hopes .... 20
Leadvllle Con .. 02 Standard 1 75
itoSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Mining —
Call loam 404% Adventure 6
Time loans ....*fj<J Allouez ....; 5U
Bonds — Amal Copper .... 464
Atchlson 4s 97 Daly West 404
Mex Central 4s.. 70 Bingham 25
Railroads — Calumet &. Hecla.445 ¦'
Atchlson «0 Centennial 1.*
Do pfd 89 Copper Range ... 63?;
currency measure at this coming session of the
regular session of Congress Is Improbable. The
selling was much concentrated, a single com
mirel.-n houne disposing of many thousand
shares during the day. The personality of thj
firm and Its oast employment by one of the
great financial groups caused considerable sig
nificance to be attached to this selling. The
further reduction In prices of Southern pig lruii
had its greatest effect en Tennessee Coal, but
the iron and eteel stocks all shared in the day's
weakness. The concentrated selling referred to
largely converged on Amalgamated Copper an-1
Rock Island was a leader in the reaction. The
low temperatures In the corn belt and the ne
cessity of early warm weather to ln6ure. the
crcp from frost were considerably dwelt upon.
There was a considerable covering movement
at the beginning of the last hour, but the
tears made a iresn onslaught and forced a weak
closing at the lowest of the day. Declines in
the active list ran from 1 to 4 points. Some
early strength In the bond market gave ¦ way
to heaviness in sympathy with stocks. Total
sales (par value). $1,852,000.
United States bonds were unchanged on call.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
LOCAL MARKETS.
per was firm, lake being quoted at $13 82*40
13 75; electrolytic at $13 50@13 62% and cast
ing at $13 25@13 67%.
. Lead was Is 3d lower In London, closing at
£11 68 3d but remained unchanged here at
$4 25. : - -
Spelter waa unchanged in New York, but' ad
vanced 2s 6d in London to £20 12s fid.
Iron closed at 51s Od in Glasgow and at 46s
7Ud In Middlesboro. Locally iron was un
charged for Northern, but the quotations for
Southern were lower No. 1 foundry. Northern
$17 50©18; No. 2 foundry. Northern. $16 50®
17; No 1* foundry. Southern and No. 1 foun
dry. Southern soft. $16 50016 75.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 19.— Wool quiet: medium
grades, combing and clothing. 10©21c; light,
fine 16©18c; heavy, fine, 12015c;. tub washed,
20®29ttc
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Aug. 19. — Clearings. $688,841; bal-'
ances. $fS4,039. ' ¦/*"*
TACOMA. Aug. 16.— Clearings. $271,243; bal
an pORTLAND. Aug. 19.— Clearings, $520,658:
balances. $89,567.
SPOKANE. Aug. 19.— Clearings, 1371,104;
balances, $54,044. .
Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA Aug. 19.— WHEAT— Nominal; 'blue
stem. 83c; club. 80c.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or.. Aug. 19.-WHEAT-Walla
Walla 77@7»c; blue stem. 80682c { valley. 80c.
- HUCKLEBERRIES per lb.
, APPLES — 85«©$1 15. per box for fancy. 50®
75c for good to cholae and 25®40c for common;
Crabapples, 30@40c for small boxes and 50j365c
for larse.
PEARS— Bartletts. S5c*T$l 25 for fancy and
5CX375C for No. 2; per ton |20@35.
FIGS— 75eg*l 25 per box.
PLUMS— 50@65c per crate and 30@40c per
box; large open boxes, 40® 75c; per ton, $20
925
t NECTARINES — 854785c per crate for red.
PEACHES — 35® 60c for small boxes and 66®
75c for carriers; large. open boxes, 50c@$l per
ton $15@20 for freestones and $20 for, clings.
MELONS — Cantaloupes, 75c<3$l 25 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons, 40@ti5c per box; Watermelons,
$5020 per. hundred. ¦:
GRAPES — Seedles*. 40<S80c per box and 65®
85c per crate; Muscat, 5CKgS5c per box or crate
and $1 25 for large open boxes; Fontalnebleau,
35® 50c per box or crate; Tokay. 50c@Sl per
box or crate; Black, 50® 85c per box or crate;
Swectwater In large open boxes. 75c® $1.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Orange*. $1 50®
2 50 per box; Seedlings, $1@1 25; Valencia*.
*2@3; St. Michael. $2@3; Mediterranean
Sweets $1 25@1 50; Lemons. 50c@*2 50; Grape
Fruit. '$101 25; Mexican Limes, *4@4 50; Ba
nanas. $1®2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $283
per dozen.
Trade in the fruit market was active under
a continued strong demand for local consump
tion and a steady inquiry for shipment on the
Puget Sound steamer. Fine Pears In wrap
pers, good hard Peaches and Grapes In crates
were eagerly Bought after for shipment and
readily commanded full figures. Receipts of
fruit from the river districts were light and
canners war* paying high prices for choice
Pears. Fancy Apples moved freely, but trashy
stock, which was plentiful, dragged at easy
rates. / Peaches In small packages continued
firm and cleaned up well, but offerings in bulk
were easy, as there was only one canner on the
market. Plums In boxes and crates were easy,
supplies being heavy and the shipping demand
light. Canning Plums were very scarce, and
what little came In sold readily at full figures.
Figs were more plentiful than for some ' time,
but moved off well at fairly steady prices. Nec
tarines were offering again and met with
prompt sale. Cantaloupes were in free supply
and easy, while Nutmeg Melons were very firm
In the morning, but weakened upon the receipt
of freBh supplies later In the day. Water
melons were pretty well cleaned up and sales
of flnellarge Melons were readily effected at
higher rates. Strawberries and Blackberries
were generally poor and soft and prices ranged
lower, with some very poor offerings selling be
low the quotations. Raspberries were in light
supply and firm at a* sharp advance.
•There is -nothing new to report in citrus
rrults. supplies of all descriptions being plenti
ful and the demand light. Ripe Bananas were
more plentiful and sold at a wide range as to
size of bunch. Pineapples were ¦" steady at
firmer rates. • ¦ <
. STRAWBERRIES — Longworths, nominal;
other varieties, $3 50<ff5 per chert. -
RASPBERRIES— $9® 10 pe rchest.
BLACKBERRIES— $2 5O@3 50 per chest.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Though there is more Butter on the market
than last' week, the extra demand due to the
O. A. R. Encampment keeps the market firm
at the advanced prices.
Cheese rules steady at the old quotations.
Eggs are firm and somewhat higher, with
moderate stock. The demand is nothing extra,
however. , ,
The Butter and Egg houses closed during
the middle of- the day yesterday on account
of the Grand Army parade, and business was
light all day in consequence.
Receipts were 41.600 . lbs Butter. 799 cases
Eggs and 4900 lbs Cheese. • »___
BUTTER — Creamery. 2«Q28c; dairy, 20325c;
store Butter, 17620c: Eastern, 22@24c.
CHEESE— New, 12i913c; Young America, 14
615c: Eastern, 15**©16c; Western. 14®15c
EGGS— Ranch, 28@29c for large white •elect
ed and 23@27"4c for (rood to choice; store. 20
@24c; cold storage, 25c; Eastern, 20$22c per
doten.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Business slack yesterday, owing to the parade.
Local Stocks and Bonds very quiet.
New York Stocks experience another pronounced decline.
Slight variations in Excltange and Silver.
Wheat quiet, zvith higher futures. Barley firm.
Oats, Corn and Rye as previously quoted.
Hay remains the same. Feedstuff s firm. r.
Xo further change in Beans and Seeds.
Butter and Eggs fractionally higher and firm.
Cheese in ample supply at previous prices.
Provisions inactive and without change.
Xo new features in live or dressed Meats.
Poultry in heavy supply and weak.
Potatoes and Onions about as before. Vegetables generally firm.
Active local and shipping demand for fresh Fruits.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, nominal: Geeie.
per pair, $1 25@1 60: Goslings, *1 60@l 75;
Ducks, $3@4 per dozen for old and $3 503 4 50
for younic; Hens. $4@5; young Roosters. *4©
5 50; old Roosters, $4 BO; Fryers, (3 50©4;
Broilers, ?3Jf3 50 for large and $2 25© 2 50
for small: Pigeons, $1 50 per dozen' for old
and $1 00®l 75 for Squabs.
GAME — Rabbits, |l 25©1 75 per dozen;
Hare, $1 25@1 50; Wild Dove*. 75o per dozen.
and had an' easy tone. No Westerns, were
received up to a late hour, but there were lib
eral receipts of domestic, . and as retailers were
well supplied, trade continued quiet and quite
a eurolus had to be carried over. Old Hens
were very dull and young: Roosters were cheap
er, . offerings being small and not up to the
usual stand. Game of good quality sold easily
at steady rates, while poor stock was practi
cally unsalable.
THE SAN FRAK CISCO CALL, THURSDAY,, AUGUST 20, 1903.
STOCK MARKET.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
13
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Steamer* Ieav* Baa Fraa-
/WJxVQX cisco as follow*:
/££_ ror Ketchlkan. Jnncau.
/ay**~*L~|--M-| \j\ Halnes. Ska*way. etc.. Alas-
\\L"J»5^ \ I ka— 11 a. m.. August 4, 9.
I V Vw^J J 14. 19. 24. 29. Sept. 3.
W\ \\ * YO'f Change to company* a iUtm*
VS>O> ers at Seattle.
x4Wsi*5^ ror Victoria. Vancouver.
--*^ Port Townaend. Soattla. Ta-
coma. Everett, Whatcom — 11 a. m.. August 4.
» 14. 19. 24. 29. Sept- 3. Chang* at Seattl*
to this company's steamers for Alaska aod O.
N. Ry.: at Seattle for Tacoma to N. P. Rjr.;
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m.. August 2, 8. 14, 20. 28. Sept. 1; Corona,
1:30 p. m.! August B. 11. 17. 23. 2*. Sept. 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angelas and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursday*. » a. to.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Obitpo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. August 5, IX 21. 29.
Sept. 8.
Bontta, 9 a. m.. Aug. 17. 23. Sept. J.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jo*« del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa. Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. va.. 7th of e»ca
month.
For further information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates.
TICKET OJETIC.ES — 4 New Mont-roni-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street aad
Broadway wharf.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco*
O. R. & 7V. CO.
"Columbia" sails Aug. 21. 31. "G«or-r« W.
Elder" sails Aug. 1«. 2«. Only steamship Una
to PORTLAND, OR., and short rail line from
Portland to all points East. Through tickets
to all points, all rail or steamship and rail, at
LOWEST RATES. Steamer tickets include
berth and meals. Steamer satis foot of Sp«ar
st. at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH, Gen. Agt. Pan.
Dept.. 1 Montgomery st.: C. CLD7TORD. Gen.
Agt. Frt. Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK-SOUTHAMPTON— LONDON.
NewYork.Aug.26, 10 am, 'St. Louls.Sept. 9. 10am
Phlla ...Sept. 2. 10 im' New York. Ser>.l«.lf» ara
ATLANTIC TBAXTSPOBT LI2TE.
New York — London Direct.
Mlnneps.Aug.29. 10 amIMesaba. .Sept. 12, 9 am
Mlnnehaha.Sept. 5. 4 pmiMln'fnka.3ept. 19. 4 pn\
Only First C\tt*% Passeneers Carrled-
OOMXHI02T "LINE.
Boston — Queeastown — Liverpool.
' Commonwealth.Aug. 27 pommon wealth. Sept. 21
New England.. .Sept. SINew England... Oct. I
Mayflower ....Sept. 10| Mayflower Oct. %
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passaga
Kensington ...Aug. 29] South wark Sept. 12
Dominion Sept. 5 Canada Sept. 28
Boston Mediterranean Dlrect
AZORES— GIBRALTAR— NAPLES— GENOA.
Vancouver Sat. Ad|. 29. Oct. 10. Nor. 21
Cambrnman Sat. Sept. 19. Oct. 31. Dec. 13
HOLLAND AMEBICA LINE.
New York — Rotterdam, via Boulogne.
Sailing Wednesday at 10 a. m.
Noordam Aus. 2*5. Potsdam Sept. 9
Rotterdam Sept. 2iStatendam Sept. IS
BED STAB LINE.
. -j • New fork — An t-rerp — Paris.
Kroon'ld.Au-r.29. 10 am.iFtnland.Sept. 12. 10 am
Zealand. .Sept. 5. 10 am ' VaderM.Sept. 19. 10 am
WHITE STAB LINE.
Hew York — Qneenstown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Victorian. Aug. 25, 7 amiTeutonlc.Sept. 2. 12 m
Oceanic. Ausr. 26. 8 am Arabic Sept. 4. 4 pm
Cymrlc.Au-f. 2S. 9:30 am! Armenian. Sept. 8. 7 am.
C- D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent. Paciflc Coast.
21 Post St.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
'Steamers will leave wharf, corner First an*
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting- at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc Na
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
S S AMERICA MARU
Wednesday. August 2«. 13OX
S S HONGKONG MARU (calling at Ma-
nila) Saturday. September 19. 1903
S. S. NIPPON MARU
.Thursday. October 13. 1903
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates For freight and passage, apply at Com-
cany'« offlce. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
jfamburg-Stmerican*
FOR PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG. HAMBTJRO.
Twin-Senw Exerts* *3l Fish-;;: Strrin.
p Slglsmund ..Aug. 15 j Patricia An*. 29
Bluecher Aug. 20jMoltk» Sept. .1
Pennsylvania ..Aug. 22|Palat!a Sept. ."»
A Victoria. ...Aug. 27 'F*. Bismarck. .Sept 10
HAMBORQ-AlfiaiCA.M LI5B. 31 B'w» T . »• T.
HERZOG & CO.. 401 California St.. Cen. Arts.
©ceanics.sxo. » ~™ b :e
S S SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Aug. 27 2 p. m.
S S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Sept. 3. 11 a,m.
s' S* MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Sept. 20. 11 a. m.
4J.S?KHEUi B303.C3.. l2Xftl3tari!eM43 tow*
frt*it85a.323 larkatSL.Flvh. 7.PaafleSl
COMPAQKIE GENERALS TBAKSATLAHTIQITS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. t jaj6sg»
Sallini- every Thursday Instead of !WTOy>
Saturday at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. ****'•»
North River, foot of Morton street.
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Seo-
cnd-class to Havre. $43 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUOAZI * CO.. Paciflo Coast
Agents, b Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ttcktt Agents.
Mare Island aad VaUejo Steamer*.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:43 a. m.. 3:15 and S:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:43 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave ValUjo.
1 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Fare. 60 casts. Tel.
Main 1506. Pier 2. Ulsstoa-st. dock. HATCH
BROS.
AUCTION SALES
fe fe ia&
BIG AUCTION SALE OF
1000HORSES
The first consignment of this Jot will be sold on
THURSDAY. Aug. 20. at 11 a. m..
At SUNSET SALES YARDS. 18O VALENCIA
ST., near Thirteenth.
If you want good sound young hones or
rr.ares at your own prices don't fall to attend
this sale, as they must and will be sold to tt»
highest bidder.
8. WATKIN3. Auctioneer. 122 Grotf st.THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 20, 1903.
14
HELP WANTED— FEMALE-— Con.
OUTING la the country and earning money at
name time; women and girls wanted to cut
fruit; working pears and peaches, the most
profitable part of the season; comfortable
workroom; furnished room for two, with use
of kitchen. In private family. $1 50 per week;
fr«e camping grounds. Further Information,
220 Market st., room 12; come at once to LOS
GATOS CANNERIES. Los Gatos, Cal.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work; highest wages.
Apply California Canneries Co.. Brannan
St., between Third and Fourth.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID 8ALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 3215 FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION, NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
employment: day and piece work; highest
wages. CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO..
Bryant and Tenth.
WANTED A girl to assist in general house-
work; sleep at home. 234 Fair Oaks st.,, near
Twenty-fourth. •
LINERS and finishers on furs. Apply before
10 a. m., H. LIEBES & CO.. 137 Post gt.
WANTED— First-class millinery trimmer.
Freeman's Millinery Store. 435 Geary st.
GIRL to do general housework and plain cook-
Ing. 42 Stanley place, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GIRLS wanted to sew labels on coats. Call at
11 Battery st.
GIRL, general housework, plain cooking; wages
$25; call Thursday; refs. .1810 Vallejo st.
A WOMAN with experience In the nursing line
for commercial position. Box 3390, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED Swedish woman as working
housekeeper; 2 In family* 622 Natoma st.
YOUNG girl assist in housework; sleep home;
wages $12. 410 Jones st.
AN experienced stenographer. Call THE
. WHITAKER & RAY CO.. 723 Market st.
WANTED — Neat girl for light hecorid work and
sewing; good wages. 11S0 O'Farrell st.
STENOGRAPHER to assist In office work. 538
Washington st.
WANTED — Girl to learn to label and trim
cigar boxes. Apply 226 Fremont gt.
GIRL for downstairs work and cooking. 1207
Gough Et. -
CYLINDER vamper; steady work; on men's
fine shoes. Apply to BUCKINGHAM &
HECHT. 26th and Valencia sta.. S. F.
SHOE fitters on men's shoes wanted; steady
work. Apply to BUCKINGHAM & HECHT.
26th and Valencia sta. S. F.
WANTED — Experienced millinery maker. - 'Ap-
ply, between 9 and 11 a. , m., at HALE
BROS'.
WANTED — Young lady to keep stock In
wholesale millinery house. Apply HOLM &
NATHAN, 512 Market st.
BOOK folders and sewers; girls wanted to learn
the business; wages paid from the start. F.
MALLOYE. 422 Sacran»ento sU
GERMAN girl In home restaurant for plain
cooking and to help on tables at lunch; fair
wages. 1S37 Union St.. near Octavia.
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory. Central
ave. and Waller St.
PANTS finisher*- wanted by 8. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at 27 Geary st. : union wages.
GIRLS wanted; wages from start. CARSON
GLOVE CO.. 123 Second st.
GIRLS wanted; collar rubber. The Electric
Laundry, S37 Folsom st.
WANTED — Woman for light housework; good
home. Call 382 Fourteenth st.
GOOD skirt hand; apprentice paid while learn.
ing. 121 Geary st.. Starr King bldg.. r. 336.
LADY of good address to represent high-grade
magazine; good pay. 59 Columbian building.
ELDERLY German Catholic woman for house-
work; 17 per week. 1071 Market et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
has . been established at 109<S
Valencia st. . •
H E LPAV A j^EP— -MA^E^^
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third St., nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
Section hands, coast line and all parts of
California.
S. P.'S OWN WORK.
FREE FARE— FREE FARE.
50 sectton hands, $1 60 and $1 70 a day.
BUTTE COUNTY— CHICO.
50 teamsters and rockmen, $2 tiO a day.
60 laborers and , axmen, $2 25 a day.
COAL MINERS.
FREE FARE— OREGON.
25 miners, $1 a ton.
5 miners, single-hand, $3 a day.
5 muckers. $2 50 a day..
FREE FARE— CASPAR.
10 tunnelmen, $2 75 a day.
10 teamsters and muckers, $2 25 a day.
10 laborers and teamsters, $2 a day.
No discount; no hospital fee.
8 men for the sawmills, $30 to $60 a month
and board. ¦*
4 carpenters, big company. $3 60 a day.
flfl families, boys and men, to pick prunes,
hops and grapes.
Blacksmith, country. $3 a day.
12 laborers, $2 25 a day.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 69 Third st.
BUTLER. $40: barkeeper. $60: meat cook for
institution. S55 and found: 3 hotel cooks. $33,
$45 and ?t>0 and found; boarding-house
cooks, $40 and found; cook and wife for
kitthen. hotel, country, $60; restaurant por-
tsr. $30; dishwashers, $30. -and others. J.
F. CFtOSETT & CO.. 62$ Sacramento st. .
FOREMAN for orchard, $40; 4 laborers for
mill and woods, $55: 3 section men for R.
R.. $2 day: 20 laborers for mines and quar-
ries. $_• and $2 50 day; 6 miners. . $3 day;
farmers, $25 and $30 and found; 2 farmers
and wives. 540 and $50 and found; laundr>-
man. $40 and found; handy man for lnstltu-
SETT & CO., 628 Sacramento et.
ANDRE'S. T.17 Stockton st.
Chicken butcher, $50: kitchen hands of all
descriptions. $20 to $35 a month and room;
cock iFrench), a la carte, $75; second cook.
$10 a week; night cook, club, $50: 2 wait-
ers, courrtry, eame place. $35 and $30; 2 glass
and silver pantrymen, $25, etc.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
2 colored waiters $32; elevator and bell boys,
SIS. "¦
TRY our men's shoes,' union made, at 51 and
$1 50 per pair: foot-form shoes at $2 50, or
crthopedic sho s, $3 60; test shoes on earth. 11
. Third St.. Exam, bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
VESTS presser. Apply early- at S. N. WOOD &
CO.. 2" Geary st. ;
"WANTED— A live man as porter.' 212 O'Far-
rell gt. ¦ / v
WANTED — Good lecturers and canvassers.' Call
or write r. 8. 855 Washington St.. Oakland.
WANTED— Strong boy to learn carriage black-
' Bmlthlng. 828 Harrison et." ' -:-.-•-.
WANTED— Good.- steady, sober dishwasher at
restaurant. 02 Eighth »L
HELP WANTED MALE Con.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S
_o« « EMPLOYMENT AGENTS.
429 Bush st 642 Clay st!
• Hello Grant 183.
SHIPPING TO-DAY FREE FARE,
FOR NEW WORK. RENO, NEVADA.
50 laborers • $2
GOLCONDA., NEVADA.
10 fence builders $2 25
CHATSWORTH PARK. L. A. CO.. CAL.
Machine men, drillers.; $3-$2
Bonus 25c day, remain until work Is done.
Absolutely free fare for all above.
EL DORADO AND BUTTE COUNTIES.
Laborers, rockmen, rough carpenters. $2 25-$3
Special Rate Fare.
10»drillers, 8 hours' work ...$2 75
10 Scandinavian lumber pliers, north. $52
and found; 20 laborers, city, $'_': 6 young men,
IS to 20 years $2 a day; a grading foreman,
small camp, $55-$6O and found; good rough
carpenter, $60 and found, same place, sea
boss here; buggy washer, $70 and rootn.
20 fruit pickers, almonds $1 day
Young man, general ranch work and learn
- butchering, $30 and found, fare advanced.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. '
Upstairs porter, country hotel, good wages;
9 meat and pastry cook, country hotel, $75;
cook and wife, country hotel, $80; ceok and
wife, country hotel, $60; cook, country hotel.
$(!0; third cook, country restaurant. $35; third
' cook, country hotel, $30: German porter and
lunch man, $40; 6 waiters, country hotels
and restaurants, $30-$45; 3 restaurant wait-
ers, country, $40-$45; dishwashers, kitchen
hands, pantrymen and others, $25-$35; bread
baker, city. $17 a week; second on bread,
country shop, $40.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., Employment Agents,
429 Bush st » 642 Clay at.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
620 Sacramento St.; phone Main 1191.
Steamer sails to-morrow morning to
ASTORIA— OREGON— ASTORIA.
Near PORTLAND, on Columbia River.
FEE $1, Fare very cheap.
30 laborers, $51 found.
20 rockmen, $59 found.
Company work. No strike. No discount.
BOSS HERE TO-DAY FOR CHICO.
Diamond Match Co.; R. R. — FEE $1— half
fare; 50 laborers, teamsters and rockmen,
$2 25 and $2 50 day: ship to-night.
WILLITS, 10 men. FEE $1. FREE FARE.
Men. call and read our bulletin boards; hun
dreds of other jobs: also get a free list of
jobs at PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
S20 Sacramento et. ; phone Main 1191.
BOYS wanted Immediately to pare fruit with
machine; good wages. California Canneries'
Co., 423 Brannan st.
A GOOD .opportunity for a steady and sober
man with experience, to solicit orders and
take charge of delivery wagon for a whole-
sale liquor house; must furnish references
and bond. Apply box 1016, Call office.
WANTED — 'Man and wife to take charge of
kitchen and dining room in country hotel;
good chance for people who understand the
work. See party at 1 o'clock on Aug. 21, at
616 Clay st. ___^
WANTED — A first-class custom pants operator
and pressman for Los Angeles. Apply to-day
at 116 Sutter st. be.t. 10 and 11 a. m. or 4
and 5 p. m.
WANTED — Al traveling salesman to sell me-
chanical rubber goods and assume estab-
0 llshed trade on first-class line; references re-
qulred. Box 1017. Call.
WANTED — Genteel boys to sell the official G.
A R. souvenir badge on guaranty; must de-
posit $1 05. Apply at 8:30 a. m., 19 New
Montgomery st. 1
GOOD barber, Saturday and Sunday; steady;
union wages and houra. 3083 Twenty- |
fourth fit. _^
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON,
477 and 488 Parrott building.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall-chgs. 11 Third St.. Exam, bid.
WANTED — Dishwasher. 145 Fifth st.
LUNCH waiter wanted at 506 Howard st.
WANTED — Bootblack for barber shop; wages
paid. 15-1?. Devlsadero st^
BOY wanted who understand butcher busi-
ness. 3329 Sacramento st.
BARBER shop wanted in small town; state
price. - Box 104S. Call.
BARBER shop; 4 family rooms; old estab.;
cheap rent; 3 years' lease. 229 Hayes st.
WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply between 9 and 11 j
a. m. at HALE BROS.
WANTED — Cash boys from 12 to 13 years.
Apply at once S. N. WOOD & CO., 740 Mar-
ket st.
SKIVER wanted on boots and shoes: steady
work. Apply to BUCKINGHAM A HECl^r,
Twenty-sixth and Valencia sts., S. F.
WANTED — For the U. S. Marino Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and 35;
good character; must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
1 In all parts of the world, on land in our Isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations in the
United States. Apply at recruiting office, 40
Ellis St., San Francisco. Cal.; 222>£ N. Main
St.. Los Angeles. Cal., and 401 K at.. Sacra-
mento, Cal.
WANTED— By a large tailoring establishment,
a flrst-cjass cutter of experience, ability and
p'easlng personality; must have good char-
acter and habits; the position affords a good
salary: this Is a splendid opportunity for the
right kind of a man. Address box 3349. Call.
WANTED — Educated young man to learn our
business and take responsible position when
qualified; $900 per year; flrst-ciass references
required. Stoddard Lectures, 2ill Examiner
building.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanic! to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.: 250 rooms; 25c per night.
FURNITURE packer wanted: state experience,
salary expected: must have practical city
experience. Address box 1043. Call office.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 60 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mail chgs. 11 Third st.. Exam. bid.
WANTED — First-class pressman on platen
presses. FORD. CMITH & LITTLE CO..
Los Angeles. ; . . ;--. v
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers.
Apply room 14, 26 Montgomery st., Saa
Francisco Construction Company.
EXPERIENCED layer-off; steady. CARSON
GLOVE CO.. 123 Second st.
BOT,' 16 'year*... to learn trade: wages to start.
CARSON GLOVE CO.. 123 Second st.
WANTED— Boys to deliver telegrams: wages.
$25 to $35 per month. Apply 000 Montgom-
cry st. . .
FIRST-CLASS tinner wanted. Call 8 a. m.
1832 Union St., near Octavia.
WANTED — To buy a good barber shop in
country town. GUS MAUER. BIO Utah.
BOY of 16. generally useful, wholesale house.
$4 50 per. week; Box 1020. Call office.
BOT wanted at 25!) Stevenson st, between
1 Third and Fourth.- '. . ~
$275 BARBER shop, sale $100; snap for right
man; retiring. Inquire 1541 Geary st.
FOR SALE— 2-chalr barber shop; rent $12 80;
price $75. : Box 1018. ¦. Call. ..;
BARBER shop ' for eale. Inquire at Call of-
fice.
IAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of tte San Francisco
Ca!l. censer Market and Third streets; open
tr.til 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
ecrrer Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
800 Hayes etreet; open until 8:30 p. m.
C39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m -
1W1 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
1261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
nstil 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street: cpen until »<J>. «-
1096 Valencia street; open until 8 p. "•
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Btreeis; open until 8 p. m.
•200 Flllm ore street; open until 8 p. «.
¦ !JT!~~~~-
3HEETING NOTICES.
SPECIAL and stated communica- j-j
tlon of Yerba Buena Chapter of J <
r.^Fy., THURSDAY EVENING. T_T"~^
August 20. 1903. at S o'clock. In ft
the Preceptor}- of the Kite. Com- l(
ir.andery Hall.- Ma»on»c Temple. P
The sublime eighteenth degree. U
in full fun* and ceremony, inci-
dental music, augmented choir and new and
brilliant effects.
HARRY J LASK. M. W. and P. M.
HENRY BI'HNER. Kt. Secretary.
MISSION' Chapter No. 78. R. A. M.— _<
Sl»t»d meetir.f THIS (THl'RSl)AT>'Jy
KVEKZMG, 7:M o'clock. Itoyal Arch /V>
l>fgre+'. Fly order of the H. P. -
* JN'O. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. and A. »
M. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) W
EVENING. Aug. 20, at 7 o'clock. />r\
TttTd degree. By order cf the Mas-
ter.
FRANKLIN' H. DAY. Secretary.
LA FARFAITE UNION Lodge No. 17, O
F. and A. M. — Called meet:ng, FTU- VV
DAY. Aug. 21. 1U03. at s p. m. First /Y\
degree. By or ier ot the W. M.
P. ST. JULLIEN. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. M. » '
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAT)VY '
EVENING at V :30 o'clock. First <3e- /VN I
gree. Masons cordiallj- invited. By
order of the W. M.
. FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No 216. F. and A. M. ~
.<i«-c:sl meeting THIS <THURSDAY> I
t-VENIXG at 7:30 o'clock. Seccnd de- TQT I
grt-e. By onier i>f the Master. /V\
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
wFFXCEHS and member* of San ocaa^v^fe. '
Kr<ii> <-¦,«-.-, I.,,.;!;:.- Nc. :;. I. < >. •"?jk^_56£fe; I
«' K. are rf-.j j"Me.i t'i att»:n1 ¦-•rjCSESr.y :
the funeral of our late brother, "^SW/rW**- j
JOHN REAGAN, from Odd Fellows' Hall,
Kt 12:45jo'clotk p. m. eharp TO-DAY '
.THURSDAY). AugUFt 2<», 1803.
A. STEIN'METZ. N. G.
J. ALLEN, Recording Secretary. '
HARMONY Lodge No. 13, I. O. O. I^b^Z"
F.— The officers and the funeral J'JU^feC'i '
Lommlttt* of the a>>oi f-namfd ''
lodge ar« hereby notified to as- JS^lftwSi**' ¦
fcmble at Odd Fellows' Hall, corner Market I
and Seventh sts., on THURSDAY. Aug. 20, !
lft<:3. at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. for the purpose \
of attending the funeral of our late brother •
JOSEPH ASSION. By order '
ADOLPH PAtBA, N. <S. ]
CHAS. QUAST. Financial Sec. |
YERBA BCENA Lodge No. 15, I. J ___£'_
O. O. F.— First degree and a fra-
:'rnal visit by Pacific Ixxise. TO-
NIGHT, August 20. A pleasant "~8H«flP*
evening aasured. All brothers welcome.
FRANK KRULL. Noble Grand.
CHAS. A. WISEWELL. Rec. Sec.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155. I. O. O. .^m^,..
F.— Meeting railed to order -* rJ-ffTfttiLr
7.:;O THURSDAY EVENING.
THORNTON THOMPSON. N. G.
J. S. MEE. Recording Secretary.
iTnITY Lodge No. 61. K. of P.— Mem- "<E5L
'. »rs erp hereby notified to attend the
'uneral services of our late brother. 79fc_»_>
ARTHUR WINHALL. from the un- __S5*C '
<l*rtaklng parlors of H. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mis- j
sion st., FRIDAY, August 21, at 12:30 p. m. 1
JAS. MORAN. Chancellor Commander !
P. W. GATES. Keeper of Records and Seal. I
FRANKLIN Lodge No. 44. A. O. U. .-< ft !
W.— Regular meeting THIS <THURS-^>g»i
DAY) EVENING at 8 o'clock. Grand E&J5?
Master Workman FRED W. BROWN- cEs;^ '
ING will be rresrnt and address the mem- •
h*rs en mature of importance. All brothers i
Of the order cordially invited By order cf j
C. E. KHEFPER, M. W. !
JOHN BOVET. Recorder. :
CHIEFS and member* Pohonachee -rv*--w
Tribe No J(\ Imp. O. R. M. — You jKSi*
¦re hereby notified to attend the 4_a_9aV_f 1
funeral of our deceased brother. Past Sachem ':
.T. B. JONES, from his late residence, 1618 ,
Pir.e st.. FRIDAY Aug 21 at 9:3O a. m. j
Py order 8. M. WEBB. Sachem. i
TVM. NUTTALL. C. of R.
THE officers and members of _{y>^__ j
Burnaby Lodge No. 104, Or- £^p£3fzf !
der Sons oC St. George, are fj?VXLJi\. ._. i
requested to assemble at the ijtfj_rS v «^^ I
funeral parlor* cf H. Suhr -^2*^T*sV"^V
* «"o.. 11^7 Mission st., on w\ wrJVOX .
FRIDAY. August 21. at tt - \flp?Ctr/ :
¦-:.'." p. vr... for the purpose 7
• f £tr«rTll!ic the funeral of v*_S?^^
DOT late brother. A. WINHALL.
J. E. POTTER. President,
n. J.. Secretary.
REGULAR meetir.z of the Oal- ry >. ' !
f donian Club at 8 o'clock and open liiS?
meeting for members end lady xViSs '
friends at S:30 FRIDAY EVEN- "<£^?"W
ING, August 21. Scottish Hall. 117 Larkin st. '
A. M. MACPHERSON, Chief. j
JAS. H. DUNCAN. Secretary. <
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of i
the Pacific Undertakers will be held at 777 I
Mission et.. San Francisco, on MONDAY.
August 24. 19C3. at 8:30 p. m.. for the elec-
tion of directors for the ensuing year and
the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting. Transfer
bcok« wi:i close on Thursday. Aurust 20.
By crder of the board of directors.
M. C. GORHAM. Secretary.
SCNDAY LECTl'RES.
HENRY FRANK. « *
Eminent lecturer In Carnegie Lyceum, New
York, on The Religion of Science, and
founder "Independent Liberal Society of the
New Thought," delivers address Golden
Gate HaH. Sunday. 11 a. m. 'only); subject,
"Prngress and Triumph of Truth." "Mag-
netic Orator." "Profound Thinker." Miss
Xena Roberts sings. Seats free.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS— A new money-makerT^FTpE^RSON*
477 and 478 Parrott building. 0
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW.
ROBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
rm. 6U; all cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation'
free; no advance charges; call or write; even-
tnp* by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost In meritori-
ous caac*. divorces, probate and all other law
cases: bo fees in advance; open every even-
int. J. M. THURSTON. 818 Market St.. r. 31.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty :quick.qu!et;
no charge without success; established 15 yrs.
G. W. HOWg 1122 Market st.. opp. Hale's.
ADVICE free, all cases. R. C. ADAMS, room
£16.. tfclrd floor. Examiner building.
L. 6. CLARK. Emma, Spreckelc bldg.. 827 Marl
ket St.; ccecultaticn free; no fees In advance.
AITKEN & AITKEN. attorneys rs. 300-10-11
Clonle bldg.. SOa California st.; tel. Main 727.
DIRDS, DOGS. ETC.
YOUNG talking parr ots,$5 each;German singing
canaries. J2; we will try to please you;every-
thirs; in our line «t right prices. 154C Market.
DL'SINESS CHANCES.
A— $1300; EEBTAUBAKT and chop^ho^se;
close to Phelan liu'ldlng; daily receipts about
$&.¦»; tpleiuJid buslntes. See R. G. WILKE
IX'-j Ktarny st.
A— *C00: COUNTRY bakery, with chop house,
in Cilavera* County; living rooms; no op-
p-*;tio:i: a splendid chance for baker or cook
n. G. WILKE. -t>'i Kearny st.
A— V-00; SALOON. •Mth 10 furnished rooms"-
rlac<>. iurrouiiricd by hreweries trfi malt-
houses: rent $10; 4 gcod business, hat 6\r-
*_T*eme-rjt of three partners is cause of sale; j
lee.se- Cell R. <i. WILKE, 20'i Kearny st. I
A — tSSSi I1E3TAUHANT and coffr* saloon, on I
Third «.: rent *J0: average daily receipts 1
*' S: __ t/ *j[f <1 "- I{ - G - WILKE, 26H Kearny.
nESTAURAICT. $«jo! IIESTAURAKt".
Th«- b^-st bargain ever offTed for the money;
re«-elj>ts sv<r«_> $40 daily.
S«e \\lLFo::D & HARRISON and get in
>vrint.ft.
BARGAINS BARGAINS BARGAINS
At 3 Taylor «t.
THS bett business In the Mission; stationery
Here, ncer 7 school*, for what It will invoice
fcr; fci-V» for a business at 31X1I Army «t.
P. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission rt.
TWO quartz claims, fixl2 feet; timber and
water ; buUiiTigt; too!*; for sale cheap or
traCr. A. B. li.. 13S Sixth St.
FOIJ itiv fcind of business, city or country, get
our list. MOSSMAN. 650 Market ,t.
Jiff» WILL. bay & lunch counter; a bargain.
• 7:>5 Ftlroin «t.
tZ<X> BUYS ccrncr saloon to-day: 5 years' lease.
t>ll early. 2«W Ninth St.: sickness.
FOR «a!e— Printing office: good condition; e«-
t&bHfhed puf-onage; cheap rent. l(H2. Call.
tU<O— HOME bakery: brick oven; choice loca-
utm: lew rest. -SbO Foleotn st
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
jT-oCO^FIRST-CLASS delicacy Btcre and branch
bakery doing good business; good location In
Weite'ni Addition; sickness cause of selling.
Box 1O47, Call. :
$350 CHICKEN ranch, chickens and fixtures
for bale; 5-room houre, 1 acre of land, for
rent: $10 p*r month: 5 years' lease. Address
P. O. box 142, Fruitvale. Cal.
I5OO— PARTNER; tend to shipping goods: do
some "collecting; $KO month guaranteed. Par-
tkulars 620 Bryant st.
Halrdressing parlors; cheap: value In eight;
good location; retiring. 1153 Market st.
A bakeiy; delicacy: all store trade; $25 a day:
price $1800: no agents. 715 McAllister st.
OCTSIDE route No. 4 this paper for sale.
Inquire hardware store. 19th and Folsom sts.
lodging-houses for sale.
hTc. decker!
0<;6 market, cor stockton.
PHONE JOHN 531.
Headquarters fcr i.ual Estate.- Roomlng-
Hou^ep. Hotels. New Apartment Houses,
l'ltiis ar.c! tnvate Homes.
27 YEARS IN 1HIS BUSINESS IN
SAN FRANCISCO.
See the following bargains:
10 rooms. Kclsom gt.. fall of roomers.... $225
7 rooms, modern flat, nne furniture 200
8 room*, newly furnished; clears $25.. 175
14 room*, exchange for larger house 5lH>
11 rooms. M rooms furnished; p-nap OOJ
* room?. Leavenworth st.. reduced to — 500
30 roums. choice location, Oakland 3l'00
12 rooms, Geary st., choice transient 400
42 room«, sunny corner; rent $1CO 3200
:>'» rooms, sunny bay-window corner 2800
26 rooms. Mission and 6th sts.; snap.... 1900
12 rooms, Taylor Et.; transient only.... 700
CO rooms. Market St.; offices, permanent. 5600
52 rooms, part house, fong lease 2C00
8 rooms, cost $15C0; a beauty: reduced. 750
IK rooms, newly furnished, long lease... 1200
H. C. DECKER. 906 Market 6t.. cor. Stockton.
100 P.OCMS; bouse fcr men; rent $140.... $4000
ES rooms: ro'Uh cf Market; rent $100. 2000
24 rocms; corner; part cash; bal. easy. 830
11 rocms; good Income: rent $20 330
21 rocms; water front; rent $40; lease. «50
ICO rooms; good lease; low rent 6500
67 rrr.s. : apartments ;Western Add; rent. 230
Mcney leaned at 1 per cent.
Hctels. rcadhouses. flats. 5 to 100 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
$650^ — ELEGANT colonial flat, 5 reams and
bath; beautifully furnished; all new; cost
over $10<i0: piano cost $350 alone: must sell.
PETERS EN & LARSEN. 1035 Market, rm. 1.
A BARGAIN this week; forced sal*; 34 rooms;
Market St.. central; all rented: first floor of-
fices, clearing S175: only $2400: easy terms.
PKTERSEX & LARSEN, 1035 Market, rm. 1.
$1500—26 ROOMS: rent $70; clears $100; three
years' lease. MOSSMAN. 850 Market st.
$750—8 ROOMS, nicely furnished: gcod loca-
tion. MOSSMAN. 850 Market st.
$2100—20 ROOMS: rent $125; clears over $100;
snap. MOSSMAN. 850 Market ?t.
$S0O ON'LT — 12 rooms; new furniture; rent
cheap; must leave city. 7S8 Bush st.. rear.
NEWLY furnished house of 15 rooms; owner
leaving citv. C1C Taylor st.
SPIRITUALISM.
JOHN SLATER'S circle Friday evening 8:15
sharp: readings to-day, 10 to 4. 336 O'Far-
rell st. _^
MME. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages
to-night. 10c; readings dally. 619 McAllister.
KATIE HEUSSMAN. circle Friday evening.
25c; sittings. 1000 Harrison st.. cor. Sixth.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance clairvoyant,
business medium and life reader. 416 Turk.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally,
9:30 to 4; ceances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A^ CALL~AT~ONCE AND SAVE $2.
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmlet Ever In San Francisco.
I <3o hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make you no charge if I fail to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I promise
to tell you whether husband, wife or sweet-
heatt is true or false: to tell whom and when
you will marry: in fact. I will tell you every
hope, fear or ambition better than you can tell
j-ourself. He restores lost affections, reunites
the separated, causes speedy and happy mar-
riages, makes you successful and prosperous,
cures disease and lost vitality without medi-
cine, locates hidden treasures; hours 10 a. m. to
8 p. m. ; Sundays 2 to 8. 326 O'Farrell St., 326.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bldg.; tfce reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; If you are In trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied In life, ot have do-
mestic. Iov> or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; \-aluable advice in all affairs
cf life: 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
"lngs by tnall. Tel. Black 4569.
IEMAR, tfce Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
rt., cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
m. to o p. m. : readings by mai! as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't tend currency. Send poetofflce,
Wfclls-FarKO meney order cr registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight; tells the past, present and future;
ladle*, 50c; gents. %\; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant elttlng; $1 50. 126 Turk St.
Mrs. A. H. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading, 10c, for
a short time enly; when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
A — Mm* Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given: 25c up. & 4th st . near M«rnet.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader: ladies
25c; gents 50c: readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
26*4 Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c, gents 50c.
MME. LE FERN, professional card reading.
109 Fifth st.
MRS. EHAFER. clairvoyant can. reader: tlt-
tlngs dally. *4F.V, Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
CARPET-BEATING AND CLEANING.
AIR. compressed, dry. Ice cold. Is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or Injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply 8. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call big.; pijone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted i»ith your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Teh&ma st. ; tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero Bt-. tel. Mission 49.
TRY HCPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
mattreeses made over. 1432 Howard ;South 21S
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 50 Geary— All
ailment? of the feet cured: corns, bunlons.etc.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
ADVICE lree; bad tenants ejected speedily. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY., r. 83, 916 ftlarket;
tel. Red 618; collections; gcn'l law business.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections mede;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, room* 0-10: tel. a.*SQ.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FURNISHED 6-room cottage; rent $30. Call
after lla. m.. 2S->4 Pine St.. cor. Baker.
DENTISTS.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 M*a7ketT^ir^eventn
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plate* made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
A NEW plat«- — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrt.; crown, $3 50; filling?. 50c;
plate?. $5:full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 21 Sixth st.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 88c; crowns. $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Set t?eth. $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; filllngB,23c.
" 10 PEIt CENT off thin month: estimates fre*.
New York Dentl5tg. »y> Ml«plon -t.. cor. Oth.
UK liSSMAKERS dc SLIAMSTUKSSKS.
McLOWELL Dressmaking and Mllilnery~School
---Any pattern cut to measure. 10ia Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew".
art'* button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
BTEING AlffO C_EA_XHa.
SEA bieeses eweeten all garments, blankets.
lace curtains, «tc.. done by the Presidio
Heights L>ye Works. 3915 Sacramento: phone
for wagon. West 453. H. HICKMAN. pre«.
EDUCATIONAL.
A— CALDWELL College of Oratory, ActlngT
Opera and Authorship; largest in the West;
14 teachers; positions guaranteed; fall term
begins Sept. 7; day Si evening class; beautiful
new catalogue lree. 1295 Market, cor. Ninth.
HKALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches;
day and nicht sessions; lllus. catxlorue free.
EDUCATIONAL — Continued. ''-
KAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1230 Mar-
ket; modern, progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 years. Gregg shorthand, fastest,
easiest, ' most readable. Actual business
bookkeeping; typewriter at home free.
AYEES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket st. ; special summer course in all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship, $50; day and evening sessions.: . ..
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkin st.
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; Individual in-
struction. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity,24 Post
et., 6.1 F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
THE Berlitz School of Languages has removed
to 1000 Van Ness ave.; rates reduced during
summer. Send for catalogue,
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, min., mech., mr-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.: est. 1864 Van ,
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SYSTEM, discipline and results: the Golden
Gate Commercial College, Van Ness and
Golden Gate aves.,S.F. ; nils every requlremnt ;
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and j
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall, Hcward
st., near Ninth; management Prof. Foster. ¦
PIANO and German; pupil of Leipclc Cor.ser-
vatory; lessons 75c and $1. 346 Golden Gate.
AT KIngsland Art Shop — Drawing, painting
and burnt work. 1184 Haight st., near Lyon.
KENT Law School, day and night; assures ad-
mlsslon to the bar. 554 Parrott building.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S, 4J>4 Pine st Night class
LESSO?CS given in Water Color or Oil Paint-
ing from Nature. CURRIER. 372 Sutter st
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar.wriring.
etc.; day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mlaslon.nr.6th.
Chicago Business College. 14S5 Market, nr. 10th.
Plttman shorthand, typing.- bookkpg.. $8 mo. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post st.; tel. Bush 135 —
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nlshes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 6752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 418
Stockton: tel. Grant 168; expert,rellable he)p.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411V4 O'Farrell; tel. East 428.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 64ft Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
DRESSMAKER and seamstress would like a
few mere engagements by the day; good
dressmaker; Jl 50 a day. Address 359 Pros-
pect ave. Phone Capp 3096.
SWEDISH woman wishes work by the day; a
first-class laundress; best of references.
1517 Turk st.
COMPETENT girl wishes any kind of work;
city or country; wages reasonable. J. P., box
33S9,_Call office. -
COMPETENT woman wishes position In pri-
vate American family as cookA will do wasa-
lng; references. 794 Folsom st.
TRAINED nurse with knowledge of bookkeep-
ing, speaking French and English, desires
position In physician's office or any light
occupation. MISS G. A. R.. 1259 O'Farrell.
AN American lady just from Europe, speak-
ing German, desires position as housekeeper
or seamstress in respectable family. Box
1023, Call office. . . ' :, ;
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ha» been established at 1094
Valencia st. ' '
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
A FRENCHMAN, married, having long ex-
perience in own vineyard In France, desires
position where he can make improvements:
knows all about making of wine, etc. Box
3383. Call office. ;
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper would like to keep
books for several small firms; best of refer-
ences. Box 33S4. Call.
! AN experienced packer and cellarman wants
I position with wholesale house; city refer-
ences. Box 1039. Call.
PAINTER, Eastern man, wants work by day
or small jobs and contracts taken. Address
painter. 1121 Webster st.
JAPANESE student wants position as school-
boy in small family; without rootn; speaks
English. S. K.. 1329 Pine st.
JAPANESE wishes to work as school boy;
good cook. Box 1051, Call office. '
JAPANESE student wants position as school-
boy; speaks English. KONDO, 132S* Pine st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions'
' received at Call branch of^ce, 2200 Flllmore.
~ FLATS TO LET.
HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantage o! >thu
department; It will save you time land
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
ct.. on the square.
! CORNER Noe and Elizabeth sts.; new, sunny
! flat on corner. 1050 Noe st.; modern Improve-
ments; convenient to Twenty-fourth and Cas-
tro st. cars; rent reasonable.
PAGE. S05, near Pierce — 5-room flat and bath;
reasonable rent. i
PIERCE. 239— 6-room flat, very sunny, with
bath; near Haight st.
HAYES C09, corner Laguna— Three sunny
rooms' and yard: rent reasonable.
TO iet— Flat of four rooms; 1897 O'FarrelL
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Poet st.
FLATS FOR SALE— FURNISHED.
FIVE-room furnished flat for eale; 4 Antonio,
bet. Ellis and O'Farrell. Call bet. 10 and 3.
FURNITURE WAITED.
A WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4482.
'buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
WANTED — Cook, Protestant, 30 children, $40;
cook, no wash, $40: 3 cooks, $30, $35; cook,
small restaurant, $30: governess. 3 grown
children. $30; house girl, $40; house girl, Rosa
Valley, $30; cook, 20 men, $35: 5 nurse girls,
$15, $20, $25; 4 second girls, $25; 5 waitresses,
$20. $25; chambermaid, girls' school, $25; 3
cooks for ranches; butler, $40; nurse for
home, $20; companion, old lady, German, $25;
nurse girl. San Rafael, $25; nurse for lady.
$26. 2 laundresses. $30; help for club
house, $25. and others. Apply to J. F. CRO-
Sfc/TT & CO.. 334 Sutter st. ¦>¦:¦'¦>¦;
A NURSE. $25; housekeeper, $20; 6 cooks, $:!0
and $35; second girl. $25; house girl, $35;
laundress, $30; cook, hotel, $40 MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st.
A— HOTEL~GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
chambermaid; $25.
HA1RDRESSING, manicuring, massage, hair
work; removal of superfluous hair taught
from A to Z in 2 weeks for $10; positions
guaranteed; $10 to $20 per week; school day
and eve. 233 Geary, r. 13; maids prepared.
A— LADIES, learn all branches halrdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc.; 1236 Mar-
I ket st.. cor. Jones, room 94: positions secured
f at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both eeanons taught from start to finish In ons
month for $10; positions aa trimmers, stales-
ladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton Et.. r. 13.
YOUNG lady assistant In Auditor's office; must
be of neat appearance, quick and accurate
at fgures, and have some knowledge of book-
keeping; state salary expected.' Address Box
IC4». Call office.
ARTISTIC trimmer wanted for baby baskets;
good references necessary. Apply between
U and 10 a. m. I. MAGNIN-& CO., 43-53
Ellis nt.
GOOD home for elderly woman to take care
. of paralyzed lady; $12 month: call only after
6 p. m. for a week. 136 Colllngwood St.,
near ISth and Captro.
HANDFINISHERS on ladles' wal-ts«. I. MAG-
NIN & CO., 43 Ellis st. Call bet. 8:30 and
l»:30 a. m.
WOMAN wanted as cook at Pacific Hebrew
Orpliansge. COO Devisadoro St.; goo3 wages.
Apply between 10 and 12 a. m.
WANTED — Refined German girl for upstairs
work and sewing; references required. Apply
in morning 2016 Pacific ave.
WANTED — Girl to do plain cooking, help with
housework and care of baby; $20 a month.
o04 Made st., bet. Clay and Sacramento.
GIRL to mind C-year-oM boy: sleep home. Call
between 10 and 12, room 109, Hotel Granada,
¦ ' Butter and Hyde.
WANTED — Girl to do general housework and
assist with two small children; wages, $20.
; Call between 12 and 4, 1636 Waller at.
A LADY of indomitable energy to make money
and a convincing talker. F. PERSON, 477
and 478 Parrott building. . .
A— HANDFINISHERS wanted to work In fac-
tory. 650 Mission gt.. 3d: floor; take elevator.
A — OPERATORS on ladles' underwear; good
wages. : 656 Mission St.. 3d. floor. . •-
A— GIRLS from 14 to 17 to sew bjTnand. 656
Mission st.. '3d floor: take elevator-.
HELP WAHTSP— MALE-— Con.
MURRAY. & READY.
PHONE MAIN 5848. 634 and 636 Clay st.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Office half block long; 14 clerks employed; by
our own printing plant we publish a
"FREE" Bulletin of Labor, containing every
j position segregated under departments, ready
for distribution 7 a. m.; also noon and even-
Ing editions: GET ONE FREE.
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
We know no distinction between Man and
Man. -*
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1902 WE GAVE 1903 WE'LL GIVE
45,000 MEN WORK. 60.C00 MEN WORK.
' WE SHIP YOU FREE TO ONE,
FREE TO-DAY. FREE TO ALL.
Ogden, Utah. All parts Nevada.
Los Angeles County. Santa Barbara.
Chatsworth Park. Hawaiian. Islands.
Santa Suzana. * Oreson.
San Fernando. Washington.
Los Angeles County. Central America.
Arizona. « . willlts. Uklah.
And All Points North. East. South.
Including Ogden, Utah.
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fence
builders, drillers, single, double and machine
men, corner and bench hands, muckers,
chuck tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, la-
borers, track men. cooks, waiters, black-
smiths, etc.. $5. $4, ?3 50, $3, $2 Co. $2 day.
Fre« Fare. Free Fare. Free Fare.
Everybody talking. Thousands going.
Are you? Are you? Are you?
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay St.
165 MEN OR BOYS.
FRUIT PICKERS— 430 fd— FRUIT PICKERS
Fare $1. Fee $1. Three months' jobs;
picking, packing and drying.
365 laborers, teamsters, city and country
jobs $2. $2 80 and $3 day. All classes of
work; come see.
155 Italians. $2 25 day.
You board yourselves. Steady Jobs.
26 laborers, free fare, 14 miles away. $42
. and found. -
26 laborers, you'll suit, factory, fare paid,
$67 50.
155 coal miners, free fare, $3 to $5 day.
165 laborers, teamsters, Willlts, Uklab. free
fare, $67 50.
Do You Know — Free Fare —
On every train we ship to S. P. Co.'s own
work, on all divisions, laborers, extra gangs;
also section hands.
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
156 teamsters and ax men. $75.
197 laborers and driller-. $75.
155 track layers, ballast track, $67 50.
Cost you only $1: no discount: steady job.
MINES, QUARRIES. TUNNELS.
155 laborers, you'll suit. $60. $75, found.
96 miners and tlmbermen. $90 found.
156 quarrymen. also drillers. $82 to $30.
96 carmen, furnace men $75.
STABLES. FARMS. DAIRIES. HARVEST.
196 farm, orchard, vineyard hands, $30 to
$45 found.
38 milkers, butter makers. $30. $35. $40 fd.
1C6 harvest hands, hay balers, $2 50, $3 day.
68 choremen, coachmen, gardeners, $30 to
$50 and found.
16 stablemen, city and country, $30 to $45 fd.
86 men for brick yards. $35 to $80 found.
MARRIED HELP WANTED.
12 men and wives, farms, orchards, mines,
mills, $40 to $70 and found.
MURRAY * READY.
- 634 and 636 Clay st.
WHERE ARE THEY?
86 lumber trusts and syndicates.
Located In Four States.
Managers here. Two Territories.
FREE— FARE— FREE.
995 laborers, no experience wanted. $33 to
$70 and found.
186 experienced mill and yard men. $40 to
$150 and found.
383 woodsmen. $40 to $150 and found.
386 woedchoppers, tlemakers, shingle, post,
picket and box bolt makers; tools and pro-
visions found.
BIG L MURRAY & READY.
TRUSTS. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— COOKS— BIG PAY.
COOKS. BIO PAY. COOKS. COOKS.
26 cooks fdV harvest and fruit ranches, hay
presses, etc., $70, $60. $50, $40. $30 found;
very few men to cook for: no women there.
4 cooks for different mines, $70, $05. $50, $40
and found. '
46 cooks, hotels, restaurants, cafes, saloons,
etc., $70 to $40 and found.
WAITERS.
32 waiters, different places. Including c&fes,
grills. $45 to $30 and found.
6 bell and elevator boys, city and country
positions. $15 to $30 found.
9 porters and bedmakers, city and country
positions. $45 to $20 found.
86 dishwashers, etc.. city and all parts of
California, $40 to $25 found.
12 butchers, different jobs, $35 to $60 found.
6 bakers. 5 helpers, $35 to $50 found.
15 boys to learn trades and work In facto-
ries, $*i to $12 week.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
MISCELLANEOUS.
35 carpenterfT new Job. fare $1, $90.
16 blacksmiths and helpers, located every-
where. $90 to $45 found.
Also 96 other different mechanics, come see.
Pattern-maker, large sawmill, free fare. $120.
MURRAY & READY. C34-636 Clay St.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
We want 8053 men not advertised for: come
see. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS. FREE FARE.
36 CARPENTERS.
Plain work, building sheds, barns, etc.; few
tools will do. $90; steady, good job, north.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
_ LOOK^ ~~ ~~
4 carpenters, city job. $3 to $4 day; cook.
Nevada, fare paid. $50.
tinsmith, $3 day. city; young man work city
laboratory, $30 and found.
Trackman, care R. R. spurs. $3 day.
Fireman traction engine, 30c fare, $40 found.
Watchman, lumber company. $2 23 day;
gardener. Institution. $35 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 gay st.
COATMAKER for country. REISS BROS. A
CO.. 24 SutUr st.
MAN to do janitor work for tuition in S. F.
Barber School. 741A Howard st. ''.,*.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
•Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
50c up; soling cheap. 923 Howard at., nr. 5th.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H.Thomas Post. G.A.R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms, 35c night: reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lOOti
Valencia st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts*.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting: 23c
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
¦ »----»»--————-¦-¦- -——-'-'- - — -—¦ - - - - — -~^_ — _»_
ON account of going to build, entire stock of
wagons, buggies and harness must be rold at
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia sts.
4 GOOD big ranch mares; combination buggy,
$25; cart. $10; buggy, $12 50; waron, $25.
70 City Hall ave. "^
FOR sale — Handsome trap; cheap. Box 1050,
Call office.
GENTLE horse; will follow you; good home
more than nrice. 473 Valencia st.
8 GOOD horses for sale cheap. 327 Sixth st.
GOOD horse for sale, $45. 2091 San Bruno
ave.
3 SHETLAND ponies, harness and carts In-
cluded, fcr $125 each. 1504 Folsom st.
ONE fine buggy, fruit wagon, cart. 1'd-hand:
new laundry wagon, cheap. 828 Harrison st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission at.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
%fj pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN * CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Pest st.
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
A COMPLETELY furnished 2-story house; gar-
den; back and front rooms all sunny; reason-
able. Apply HOOKER & LENT. 10 Post st.
A WELL furnished house, piano. S rooms; very
sunny; fine location: 1375 Masonic ave. Apply
MADISON & BURKE. 30 Montgomery st.
A WEEK'S news for 8 cents— The Weekly Call.
18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 p«r year.
LOST AND FOUN D.
LOST — Monday, on Hayes, between Polk and
Franklin, one pair of diamond earrings, a
diamond stud and a breastpin in shape of
clover leaf; were all tied In a handkerchief.
Liberal reward at 103 Polk st.
LOST— A pass book, with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, tin the
name of THOMAS H. FITZGERALD. No.
i 116-439; the finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Ladles' gold watch; Initials P. A. on
plain front: flowered design on back. Ad-
dress W. B. A. Co.. 931 Market st.. and
receive . reward. ¦ ¦ - . . ¦ . . - • - -¦ -¦
LOST — On Market 'st.-. between 2d and 7th, or
on Haight'st. car, small watch and pin; re-
turn STEINBERGER & KALISHER, 200
Sutter at., receive reward. ¦ 1
LOST AND FOPND Continued.
LOST— Tuesday evening on Market st.. be-
tween 10th and 3d sis., a ladies' gold watch
and rope chain, with two monograms; liberal
reward at 172t Market st.
REWARD for return of dress suit case marked
J V K left at corner Paare and Buchanan
sts. " Return to Dramatic Review office. 2«
Geary st.
LOST— CoiTieTlog. yellow and white: liberal re-
ward at 403 Montgomery St.. room 9.
IT will pay to -Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
iOrTSOTOIiET^
LOFT to lease — 63C Mission St.. NW. corner
of Annie: light loft of 40OU square feet: pas-
tenger and freight elevator service; wi:; leas*
for a term; rent reasonable. SHAINWALD
BUCKBEE & CO.. 218-220 Montgomery it..
Mills building. !
MILLINERY.
Ladies' Imported & tailored hats Just in; call:
prices low to start them goinsc: frames made
to nt the face. MME. DOSCH. 207 Post st.
MINES AND MINING.
PRACTICAL and experienced mine superin-
tendent wishes i-csition; good refirences.
Box lfrlC. Call. '
FOR sale — Whole or part Interest In process
for saving flour gold. Box 1040. Call.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TO3H A WOLPMAN. 185-197 Fremont »t.
A GOOD reason to buy diamonds, watches and
jewelry from us is that you need only pay a.
small weekly payment on all purchases; all
goods delivered on first payment. Call an<t
examine our goods, even If you don't car* to
buy. I-ICHTEN3TEIN BROS.. 25 Stockton.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFIXG CO.. 713 Market St.
A — Fine suits $7 50; dress pacts. $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny St..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— S3 50 DERBY and fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine;
open till » p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells, or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WH1TELAW. 253-255 Spear St.
SECOND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps*
wood and iron working machinery, bought,
sold and rented. H.S.WHITE.13O-132 Beale.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges II 3d st.. Exam, bld'g.: catalog free.
GAS and gasoline engines, new and second-
hand; all sizes. E. B. BECK & CO.. 123
Market st.
TICKETS, whole and half fare, to St. Paul.
Minn. Evenings. 507 Golden Gate ave.
TWO 50-gallon copper caldrons. 1760 Union
street.
AUTOMOBILE— Olds ; 1303 pattern; Al condl-
tion; used 6 weeks; $525. Apply 203 Larkin.
MOVING pictures, magic lantema. sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo at.
MOVING picture film and song slides. 109
Montgomery st. .
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st. ________
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs, hammocks,
metal beds, mattresses. J.F.Hotter. 712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
' picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 033 Mkt.
GASOLINE englr.es. automobiles and launches.
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; a!l
• makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. IIP Mcntg'y.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent*— The Weekly Cal!.
1rt paew. In w— «tjpw. for manttifr. »"1 t>er v«ir.
MISCELLANEOUS AVANTS.
WANTED — To buy a busheling shop; must b«
a bargain. Box 3324. Call office.
T1LTON waats good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goorig. 154 nth -t. : tel. .Te-»ie 2SH1.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY
801-902-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment,
gave expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust.
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtata
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 844
Market st. : tel. Main 1644 Brar.ch. 19 Third.
__ ¦
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, tearasters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business la
46 principal cities. Tolman. 533 Parrott bldg.
A— 1 per cent on furniture or plano:so removal;
do commission; no' publicity; $23 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery St.. r. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 1C3 Grant a**..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
AT cut rates on real estate, furniture or piano;
no commission. E. W. LICK. 1003 Mutual
E»f. Bk. bid.. 708 Market; phone Main Slfl.
8. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried]
people on their not*.
The TOUSLET CO 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan on low Interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. O. W.
MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle bldg.*
ONE per cent on furniture: $3 a month on eacH
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery, room Id.
8% ON furniture A pianos; $15 up: no removal;
V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy St.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per ceat
mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 933 Kearny.
STAR Loaa Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav.Bk bid.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bid.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AMONG OUR BARGAINS ARE:
3 Chlckerlngs $130. J133. $233
1 Ftlsher; upright $&f
1 Jewett; mahogany; new list)
1 Schaffer; .mahogany; new ilSS
2 Emerson $183. $215
2 Stelnway .|lM. $213
3 Heine $233 to $3U5
23 squares 113 to $170
1 organ* $10 to $7S
Rents $2 up allowed on purchase; install-
ments $4 up; ' piano players from $90 up:
new piano- from $117 up. HEINE PIANO
CO., 2X3-237 Geary St.. agents for the Gal>-
l«r. Krell. Steger. etc
A SMALL wa'.nut Emerson uptight, absolutely
like new. $133. 237 Geary st.
STEINWAY upright, left by private party.
$163; a great bargain. 237 Geary st.
A FEW upright bargains from $70 up, compris-
ing such makes, as Chickerlng. Jacobaon.
Vose Sterling. Knabe. Fischer, richweenten.
Weser. Schuman and others: easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell St.; ao
branches In San Francisco.
BAUME1STER stands for all that Is good in
piano manufacture; also you can buy It for
a reasonable amount cf money. THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st. All
pianos on easy payments.
G A R VISITORS — Free Cecilian Piano
Player concert* daily at BISON MAUZY' ».
All are welcome. SOS Post st.
BAND instruments: F. Besson. Paris, maker.
Gus Malwald. Agt. Pac. Coast. 273 O'Farre'l;
fklllrul repairing: 2d-hand instruments sold.
THE bis piano sale at BYRON MAUZY'S Is *
grand chance to purchas* a piano cheap.
3<V» Pout st^ '
UN'FOKSEEN circumstances cause sacrifice of
first-class 3-pedal upright piano. 35S Golden
Gate ave.
BARG \IN— Standard make upright; good con-
dltlon. SCHMITZ A CO.. 18 McAllister st.
Unredeemed storase piar.os and Itrnlture dirt
cheap. Whitehe.id's Storage. 1636 Market.
A GRAND rusn at BYRON MAIZT'8 sale of
planoa; uprights. $50 up; squares. $2O up.
308 Post st.
CALL at BYRON MACZYS Piano House ani
get prices on piano* which will pleaaa you.
SOS Post st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stetnway upright pUno;
perfect order: -acrtflce. Kecge's.2S5 O* Fa rrelL
£jY direct from the factory and save 5O per
cent. HORNUNG. 218 McAllister St.
KOHLUR & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell St.; largest
and oldest piano house.
BEST renting piano In city for $:s p-r monrV
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. SCO H a °es ,t
KOHMER. Byron Mauzy ptanoa. Cecilian pUno
player. BYROX MAUZY. 30H-312 Po«t Su
S H?t E t R t X £S vlo " na - *"hers. old and new. H."
MLLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S newi for 3 cents— The Weekly CalL
ie pages, la wrapper, for malltas. $1 per w.
For her skill and her rig this fair maid took first prize
At the Blingum horse show— and we're telling no lies
When we say through The Call you such turnouts may find,
*»> From the prancer In front to the tisrer behind.
If first prizes you'd win In the business of life,
From the choice of a horse to the choice of a wife,
Our ad columns consult, for there each day you see
* What will bring you success wheresoe'er you may be. -•'¦.-last , street Is now located.-v.W 40, 9 100.33
NE 40:2, N 96.30, .portions lots 3 and 4, block
T, amended map NewbUry Tract,' in 'plat 51,
etc.. Berkeley; $10. '¦ * .*..,: . ,
Richard and Maria Leavers to John Leavers,
lot on S line of East street, 228.2i from East
Central avenue, E 37:9 by S 111, portion lot
10, Fruitrale ;; Homestead-'- Association Tract,'
Brooklyn Township: gift. ¦.-
Christ "A. andi Margaretha Wlebcn to Nels
P. and Anna Johnson, lot on N line of Put
nam street, - 75 E of Bassett, E 37:6 by N
105, lot 12 and portion lot 13, block. 771, «map
resubdlvlslon block 771, Levy , Trait;
Tpwnshlp; $10.- ,• ¦ • • . - ,
. Caleb and Viola P. Jewett to Lucy D White
(wife of C. JE.). lot 40. map Forest Park Tract.
Brooklyn Township; .$10. .' ••";
.Frederick and- Anna : C. Bammannrto J. H.
Young, *• lot on *»W Hne of > Fifth »tre«t ' : 250
N. of Halght : aveniie, W * 160, . S • 115,' W 320,
N 185,* E 480, 8 70/ block 22.1, Alameda; $10.
Miss Jessie B. Dodge tb Elizabeth B. Dodge,
lot ofs*NE ; corner -of; Alameda avenue and
Chestnift street. ;E. 200 by N -150, -lots. 1 to 4,
blolk A; -lands adjacent to Kntinal. Alameda;
»10.r ¦-; -.-„;- -_.; ., :-: - ' : - .... -, ,. '•
. Mabel -LV-.-and George A. - Innes - to • same,
same. 5 Alaraeda;" $10. / ¦ • ' ,
Blushing is not an. art, neither is it a
sign of ill-breeding, as some unkind.peo
ple maintain. The fact is, it is just as
natural for some persons to. blush as it
is for others to turn pale. The same laws
of nature which govern the one rule gov
ern the other. The capillaries, or small
blood vessels which connect the arteries
and veins of the body, form, particularly
over the cheeks, a network so fine that it
is necessary to employ a microscope to
distinguish : them. Ordlnatily the blood
passes through these vessels In normal
quantities, leaving only the natural' com
plexion. But when some sudden emotion
take.s possession of -the heart its action
increases and an electric thrill Instantly
leaps to the- cheeks. The thrill is nothing
more than the rush of blood through* the
invisible capillaries just beneath the del
icate transparent surface of the skin.
The causes that bring about this condi
tion in the circulating system are called
mental stimuli. They consist of joy, an
ger, shame and many other emotions.
' Sudden \horror, remorse or fear, on the
contrary the nerves which con
trol the blood vessels, and' the face be
comes white. I Blushing and pallor result
from the Budden action of the mind on
the ¦ nervosu system. " So If the mind be
forewarned and prepared " for emotions,
both habits can at least be partially over
come. But when the nervous system la
highly strung It would be a lifelong. It
not a futile task to endeavor to effect a
perfect cure. It is the. sensitive, nervous
girl wtfo blushes easily, while the ¦ girl
stolid by nature, or who by conventional
education has her nerves under perfect
control, seldom ¦ blushes.— St. James Ga
zette. V ( ;-:'; ' '.;•- : . : . ¦- : : \ ¦", . ¦ -¦¦•.;
."Art-V
A Showing of How Little the Doctors
Know About the Ancient <I "
THE .^lAIDENLY BLUSH " \; O- 1^
liATTEB OF PLAIN FBOSE
TATOOSH— Passed Inward Aug 19— Stmr
Montara. hence Aug 16 for . Seattle.
COOS -BAY — Arrived Aug 1J>— Schr Jas A
Garneld/ from San Pedro.
ABERDEEN— Arrived AUg 19— 6ehr Sailor
Boy. hence July. 30; schr Cecilia Sudden, from
San Pedro; schr Fannie Adele. hence July 21;
schr 'Jas H Bruce, hence Aug 1: schr W J Pat
terson, from San Pedro: schr Fred E Sanders,
from San Pedro; »schr William Bowden, hence
Aug 8. •
. Sailed Aug 19^-Stmr Newburg, for San Fran
cisco. \ . ¦
• ,.- - . SAILED.-^ ,- :
- Wednesday. August 19.
Stmr Del Norte. Green, Crescent City.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
. AV*dnesday, August 19.
Ship. Star. of Russia. Lindberg. 20 days from
Karluk.- ¦ • - - - .
OAKLAND, Aug. 19.— Despondent be
cause of, hja falling eyesight, Ul Hecht,
a native of Germany 45 years of age, liv
ing at 529 San Pablo avenue, committed
suicide to-night by shooting himself In
the head. The dead man lelt two let
ters, one directed to his sister, Mrs. Levy,
and the other to his brother, H. Hecht.
who lives in New York. Both letters
were In German and . gave as the cause
of his deed that he was going blind and
was tired of living. ' ' ,
Failing Eyesight Causes Suicide.
Same to Richard E. Queen.' undl\*'.ed half
interest In lots 3 to 13, block 2091. Map of Ceni
trar Oakland Tract. Oakland; -$10. - •
* J.*;H, and Agnes A. 1 Simpson* to" Richard 'P.
M Gardiner -lot. on N line of Brockhurst street;
345.65 W of" -Grove. W 30 by N 100. r block F,
map • of ' remaining property ¦ of Central Land
Company, blocks F and G. Oakland; $10. : ': ¦.
'.' John' H- and- Carrie C. Bills to ¦ Joseph ;E.
Greaney (single).; lot on SW- corner of Thirty
fourth and Grove streets. -\V 117.10., S S8.19, E
11(1.56 N 25," Oakland; $10. -
: Murray ; Laldlaw - to Frank' Laldlaw,', lot* on
E line of Ettle- street, 600 , S.of Thlrty-escond,
E 116 S 112, more or ; less,. W 142 :+, N 38 , to
• beginning - lot- 1;, block '-O^ Peralta Homestead,
Oaktand; warranty deed; $5. ' ,. ,,¦,»'
• Edward an J ¦ Adeline • .Kaeser . to ¦ Lloyd "- C.
Eartness '" lot -on *N.> corner' -of East Tenth
street arid • Fifth '¦ avenue, NE ¦; 50 ty '¦ NW 115,
block 22,^ Clinton. East Oakland; $10.-; ¦ "
John W and; Susan Floud to R. ¦• A;- Berry t
lot ' on ; S line - of ' Alvord street, . 240 \W of
Dwlnelie, W 40 byS 132:6, lot 4. block; 3,
Case : Tract, 'Berkeley; ¦ $10.- • ¦ ' '¦ :- ¦¦¦':•-.*>
•-. Edward D." and- Hele^ Harmon to Peter Mad
sen., lot on S line * of Woolsey* (Kent) 1 street/
130 .'W'-of ;T/emont," paid: point being distant
129:2 ; W frdra , W line" of Tremont, as * said
' ¦ Richard ' J." Montgomery (single) to r Ellen
Montgomery (widow), lots 20 to 39.. block 2001.
same Oakland ; also lots 38 to 40. block 2081.
same,- Oakland; also lots 1 to 5.-7 to 11;-- black
2081,- same Oakland; quitclaim deed: $10/ .
Mary I C. 3 John . J.'; James P.' and Richard J.
Montgomery (and a3 attorney), . Margaret and
Jane Montgomery to Ellen Montgomery
(widow), kkt on NW corner of Forty-second
street and Telegraph avenue. W 409.80 SCO,
E 425.03. N 60 being portion of land covered
by Forty- second street. Map No. 2 Montgomery
Tract, Oakland ; also. deed made to. convey fee
title of all original owners to land covered by
Bald portion, of Forty-second street not included
In deed to'R J. Montgomery. 725 D, 422; quit
claim deed j $10. • •-• • ¦ V
; Ellen Montgomery (widow), to Richard J.
Montgomery, (single), lots 1 to 19. block 2011,
Map of Central Oakland \Tract, Oakland; also
lots 1. to 37, '47 to 4«, block 20»O, same. Oak
land; also lot 6, block. 2081. same. Oakland;
quitclaim deed: $10/: \ - » ,
Samuef Solomon ¦ (single) to H. D. Brown
(single), lots 82 and 8.1, Drexler Tract, Oak
land, quitclaim deed;. $10.- • . .
Same to F.M. = Smith, same. Oakland- $10.
F. M. and Mary R. Smith to Realty Syndi
cate . (corporation), same,- Oakland; $10.
Fred and. James Chrlstensen tc Cecilia
Bryan, -lot on W line of Adeline street 1OC-C
N of Third, N 25 by W 12S:3. lof 42, block
477. Brlgss Tract, Oakland: gift. -
Matilda Lundqulst (wife of E.) to Christina
Palmer (wife of AdolpTi P.). lot tin S line of
Eighteenth street, 155 W of Cypress, W 37:6
by 104:9, lot . 11 and portion- of lot 10,
block t)03, A. Bagce Tract; Oakland ;' gift.
.Hamilton H. -and Margaret 'T. Plant to N.
Castle lots 1 and 2. block C, Parson'* Golden
Gate Tract,' Oakland: $10. V» ' ', - , .
•- Wellington Jr. and Leonie Gregg, to" Charles
R. Hatrquist, lot on. W: line of Linden street,
I>0 : S of Railroad avenue or Seventh street; S
25 by W 132, block 480, Boardman map, Oak
land; $10.
Thomas Hill to Carrie L. Partridge (widow),
lot on N. corner of Webster street or Piedmont
avenue and Howard street. NE'100 by NW
125, lot' fl. block 7, Plan Howe Tract, Oak
land; $10: . ¦
George W. aRd Mary J. Keeler to Almarion
L. and Mary Keeler, lot on S line of Thirty
second; street,' 315 W of Grove, W 5d . by S
140, lot 12, block 2037, Rowland Tract, Oak
land;, elf t.- . ','¦'
Joseph and Margaret Davis to - .Tames Gor
don, lot on SE corner of Bancroft way and
Tremont street. E 34.14, S 130, W. 43.89, N
1.10.39, 5 lot 25. block 1, map ; Barker Tract;
portion 'plat 68. Berkeley; $10. . • ¦.- ;
Alameda County.
Margaret and Ludwijr Kirshbaum to Oscar
Heyman, lot 23. block C, Pajk Lane Tract; $10.
'Oscar Herman to Margaret Moore, same: $10,
Joseph and Dora Chabati tct Anna D. Joost,
lot 13,.block'2.-Lakevlew; $10.- -,.-- ¦ ¦
Estate of Margaret Moi-daunt (by executor)
to F. C. Clark. lot 49. block V, Park Lane Tract
2; also lot 31; block 5, Holly Park; $50.
Robert Giles to Marietta Welch (wife of L.
J.). lot on SW line Of Eighth avenue, 150 NW
of M street. NW 50 by SW 100, block 166, Cen
tral Park Homestead; gift. ¦¦ ' . . ,
Herman and Clara Klepen to Mary Coleman,
lot on N line of Sadowa avenue, 100 E -of Ply
mouth street, E 27 by N- 125, lot 5, block H,
Railroad Homeetenrl; ?10. .
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to James
Brennan. lot on SE corner of Rlpley place and
Folsom street. S 30 by E 116; $410.
Same to James J. Donovan, lot on K line -of
Folsom street, 30 SofNRlpley place, S 125 by
E 115. r. V. lands; $1300.
Annahella McMillan to Edward D. Swift, lot
on W Uh« df Stefner street, 125 N of Sutter,
N 25 by W llOj $10. '! , . .-.
California Safe Deposit and Trust Company
to William J. Gunn. lot on tt line of Green
street. 58:1% E of Devlsadero. E 43 by N
105; . -
Samuel W and Margaret P." " Cowles to
Charles M. Belshaw. tot on W line of Broder
lck street 75 N of Oak, N 25 by. W ICO; $10.
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to Kate
E. Sloper. lot on N line of Twenty-first street,
185 W.of Noe W 25 by N 114; $1000.
' Martin F. Fragley to John 1 McGrath. lot on
W line of. Hampshire street. 171 N- of .Twenty-,
fifth. N ICO by W 100; $10. '
Teresa A. Farran to Benjamin Healey, lot on:
S line of Twenty-Seventh street.- SO w of. San-,
chez W 25 by 8 U4; $10. •" -
Benjamin Healey to James Clarke, same; $10;
Andrew B. and Jennie G..Knox to Jane Noo
nan. lot on W. line of Castro street. 89 S of
Twenty-fifth.. 8 25 by W 80; $10. ¦ •
- F' M and Katherlna Freund to John M.
Manning lot on N line of Twenty-sixth streei.
80 \V of Diamond. W 80 by N 114; $10
' Mllo J Glllett. Oeorge \V. Dennis, Josephine
D Crofu't Henry I Kowalsky (and as trustee)
and Walter J. and Clara Tuska to'Jose COata.'
lot on S line of Ellin street. 38:6 of Glas
gow W 36:6 by 8 80:6; $10.
Edward A. Belcher to J. Costa, same; quit
claim deed; $10. . ,.
Martin Kelly to same, same; quitclaim deed;
Josephine D.^and ; George R. Crofut to Jose
Costa, same; quitclaim deed;-—. , .
Mary A. McDonald to California Title In
surance and Trust Company, lot on MV line of
Jessie street. 150 SW of. Fourth. SW 25. by NW
Mary" E. Priest to John and MarlaAMonte
verdl, lot on NE line of. Geneva streeSFl50 SE
of Brannan, SE-25 by NE 100; $10.
Charlea H. and Agnes A. Breslln to Char
lotte 8.. Weir, lot on W tine of Third avenue,
225 S of Lake street; S 25. by W 120; $10. }• . •
Oscar Heyman to Frederick W. Foley, lot on
S line of California street. 107:0 W of Fourth
avenue. W 25- by B 1C0; $10. »-
Jacob and Llnft Heymftn to James M. Cor
dray, re-record 1020 D. 24«. lot on- E line of
Thirty-eighth avenue. 125 N of R street, N 25
by E ISO: $10.
:. Jacob Heyman Company (corporation) to
same, lot on N line Of U street, 67:0 W of
Fortyfourth avenue, W 25 by N 1£>Q, to correct
1875 D. 2t ; 8: $10. ..-. , ¦ '¦ • • "
BEAL ESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
Councilman Howard and Fitzgerald re
quested that a statement be prepared for
the future . use of the Council touching
the assessments.
Councilman .Wallace, in making the mo
tion to deny the application, said he did
so because of the City Attorney/a opinion
and because the. company was doing all of
Its business in this city, jle considered the
assessment of $300 on Its franchise in San
Francisco, to ,be a subterfuge.
The water company's application to
have an assessment of $147,000 on solvent
credits was granted, on the ground thai
the figure represented the amount in liti
gation over water bills. An Item of $16,
650, money in bank, was also stricken
from the » rolls. '
The assessment on the West Oakland
railroad yards was reduced from $250,000
to $200,000 on real estate and from $50,000
to $40,000 on improvements. On Central
Pacific property at the . foot of Broadway
the assessment on real. estate was re
duced from $158,000 to $100,000, and on im
provements from $75,000 to $50,000. ;An.as
sessment of ; $50,000 on the block signal
system, was reduced to ?7BQ0. ( An assess
ment of $25,000 on one-half pf a franchise
on. the freight ferry : was' reduced to- $5,
but a like aasesmenfc on the, harbor ferry
system, with . terminus at the i foot of
Broadway, was not touched.
• Division Superintendent W. . S. Palmer
appeared for the railroad, company. Dur
ing the discussion to-night Mr. Palmer
contended that the bulk of the property
along the water front other than that
owned by the railroad company was as
sessed at one-half and, In some cases, an
eighth as much as the company's hold
ings.
The City Council to-night, sitting as a
Board of Equalization, denied tha appli
catlpn of tho Contra Costa 'Water Com
pany to have the assessment of J1.05O.00O
on its franchises in the city of Oakland
cat off the rolls. This- action was taken
on an opinion filed by City Attorney Mc-
Elroy, who. said:
•The right to exist as a corporation 13
a franchise. The right to collect rates or
compensation for the use of water l»y vir
tue of the constitution is. also a franchiso
and cannot be exercised except by author
ity of and in the manner prescribed by
law. The manner prescribed by law is
set forth in article XIV, section 1, and
by reason of the action of the legislative
body of this city, namely, Ita Council, an
ordinance was passed fixing water rates.
In my opinion the Contra Costa "Water
Company exercises a franchise in the city
of Oakland by reason of said legislative
act of said Council, authorized by the
constitution of the. State of California,
and said franchise is assessable by the
Assessor of the city of Oakland. Cal."
Oakland Office SJan Francisco Call.
. ' 1118 Broadway. Aug. 19.
Contra Costa Water Com
pany's Petition for Reduc-'
tion Denied.
Council Holds to Its
driginai Valuation
of Franchise.
REFUSES TO CUT
ITS ASSESSMENT
THE SAN FR AKCISCO a G ALIv ? THC R SD AYv A UGUST 20, 1903.
15
• HEAL ESTATES- WANTED. .
"WANTED— To lease (furnished) a good paying
stock and grain ranch for a term of years.
with the privilege of buying. Box 1036. Call.
_, ROOMS^FO REHOUSE WEEPWG/^
CAPP, C34, near Twenty-firBt-^Furolshed house,
keeplrg rooms; very desirable-. . '
EDDY, 207 — Front housekeeping and single
rooms for families; no transient; unsurpassed
cleanliness. . . ' ,'. „ .;
HERBERT --(The) — Sunny apartments '¦ for
housekeeping;' gas ranges; Just newly fur-
nished.' > 1530 Polk -st.', -,->•> ¦ ¦ .-; :¦':. ¦)¦
JESSIE. 333 — Bunny front- room, furnished
housekpg., • ?12 ; - other room <10; : gas ranges.
STOCKTON. 120«— Model house; nicely fur-
nished;$5-$12; tront; phone, gas, bath, sunny.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3720, near Dolor.?«-<3 -Sunny
bay-window rooms; nice, neat, complete.
UNION. 1844 — 2 or 3 sunny front rooms for
light housekeeping; gas range, water.
VALLEJO. 1010 (Russian Hill) — I rooms, part-
ly furn; two people; rent $32 50; marine view.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FlUmnm.
A BRANCH' office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established et 109S
Valencia st. . -.
HOTELS ASP BOABDINO-HOUBES.
~" "THE PRINCETON?"
(EUROPEAN PLAN.)
Superbly furnished and the only high-grade
residence hotel In the city which Is. operated
on the European plan. /Located at No. 710
JONES ST.. bet. SUTTER and. POST STS.,
and reached by three street car lines. One
hundred rooms, mostly arranged en suite,
with bath. Electric lights, steam heat, long
distance telephone In every suite;' billiard
and smoking rooms and a magnificent grill,
room. Rates are very reasonable.
APABTMEWTS TO LET.
"EL MONTEREY," the city's newest apart-
ment hotel, located on the north side of
Pine St.. between Hyde and Leavenworth; a
cuperb brick building of Spanish architec-
ture; all the comforts of housekeeping com-
bined with the conveniences of hotel life; for
$30 per month you can secure here an unfur-
nished 3-room apartment, consisting of large
living-room with gas grate and mantel, bed-
room with bay-window and closet; kitchen
equipped with gas range, built-in china
closet and hot and cold water; bathroom
with toilet and porcelain tub (hot end cold
water); this price also includes Janitor ser-
vice night and day and night and day ele-
vator service; only ten minutes' walk from
Powell and Market; see these apartment!
to-day. -_;.;
BEAUTIFUL Haddcn Hall, 031 Eddy" St.,, 4 bet.
Franklin and Gough; a few high-grade fur-
nished and ' unfurnished apartments now to
be had; 4 rooms and bath; kitchens unusual-
ly large and have g&o ranges; telephone In
each apartment; gas and electric light; steam
and gas heat; watchman on duty all night;
elevator service day and nleht: ref. required.
ROOMS TO LET— Porn, and Unfarn.
AA — City Room Renting Agency,
1104- Market et.. cor. Turk and Market ets..
Rooms 3 and 4. Phone Jessie 4471.- •.
FREE. . • FREE.
We locate you free of charge
In Rooms with or without board,
1 Housekeeping Rooms or Hotels.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms
. 25c to SI per night. $1 20 to $a per week, and
light, housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT f The Almonte," 873 Marked st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms, 25c. 50c, $1, $1 60 night;
fl 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk et.— Strictly modern: 4-5
room apartments; fur. or unfur. for hskpg.
BURNETT. 1426 Market— (old No. 1384)— Fur'
clshed rooms, suites, single: also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunry rooms; prices reasonable. .
FILLMORE, 1720 — Large sunny furnished
room for lor 2 rentlemen; bath.
GILLESPIE House. 119 Ninth st.— Nicely fur-
niehed rocms. 50c to $1 per day; phone; quiet.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission— Rooms 50c
to $1 CO night; $2 ta $3 week; reading-room.
HAYES' 857 — Elegant newly furnished parlors
and bedrooms r bath; phone.' - - .. • -
". ...HOTEL GRAYSTONE.
06 Geary st:;- phone Bus:i S80.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished suites, with baths and singles.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator; elec. lghts: darv-week, mo.
SW. CORNER Sixth and Howard — 200 rooms
at 15c, 25c and 50c per night; from $1, $2,
$4 a week; open all night.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy tt.. near'Market
— 400 single and family rooms; 35o to $1
night: SI 75 to $0 week; elevator; electric
lights: reading-room: free bus and baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
85c to $1 SO night; $2 to $8 week: elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions,
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st. _"-¦
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
* "THE PRINCETON."
(EUROPEAN PLAN.)
Superbly furnished and the only high-grad»
residence hotel In the city which Is operated
on the European plan. Located at No. 710
JONES ST., bet. SUTTER and POST STS.,
and reached by three street car lines. One
hundred rooms, mostly arranged en suite,
with bath. Electric lights, . steam heat, long
distance telephone In every suite; billiard
. and smoking rooms and a magnificent grill i
room. • Rates are very reasonable.
AMOY, THE 901 DEVISADERO ST.
*¦ Strictly first-claps family hotel; sunny rooms,
suite or single: billiards; steam heat. '
¦HAIGHT, 214 — 2 large sunny 10 ,ms; hot and
cold water; private family; with or without
board; phone Fe'l 2383.
OLD Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church
5 with annex. S07 California st. — Attractive tn-
terlor: exceptional table: free bl!liard-room.
A WEEK'S news for B cents— The Weekly Call
Ifl pages. In wrapper, for mailing. *1 per year'.
ROOMS WANTED. ~ j
UNFURNISHED room; easy walkln^distance i
of Affiliated Colleges; state price. .Box 33SS i
¦ Call office. - . '. j
WANTED — 2 unfurnished sunny rooms- 1 !
front; by man and wife; north of Market;!
state price. < Box 1041. Call office. ;
STCTTEIUXG AXD STAMMEHIXO.
MELBOURNE System School. Van Ness and
Market: Positive cure for all. Don't delay.
" ¦ MARRIAGE LICENSES.
*fhe following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday : , , ¦ . .
Clementh L. Glrard. 21, 1032 Clay street, and
Camille M.. Conklin, 18, 2324A Mission street;
Henry Jurs, 52, -4,'t Third street, and Hannah
L. Wristen. 42, 43 Third street.
Irving T.- Nixon, 27, 510 Fulton, street, and
Ethel M.Garrett, 2a, 510 Fulton street.
¦ Paul • L. Spottiswood, 21,' 2010 Eddy street,
and Margaret V. McGovern, 18, 147 Cook st.
Jacob Vanderlln, 20, 549 Howard street, and
Amalla' Finstrom, 24, 549 Howard stregt. \
. Moody Pound, 24, Prince Edward Island, and
Esther Abbott, 22, Prince Edward Island.
Edmond S. Lee, 21, 448 Eddy street, and
Lilian Mahon, 18, 240 Dolores street.
Elmer C. Jennings, 24, 130 McAllister street*
and Elizabeth Boyd, 18, 630 San Bruno avenue.
Clement Furrer, 29, 119 Albion avenue, and
Karollna Wurech. 24, 3116 Sixteenth, street.
. Andrew Dahl. 28. city,, and Hildah Ander-
son, 29, city. -- •
Sidney A. Johnston, 31, 332 Eighth avenue,
and Effle I. E. Banfleld, 17. -318 Eleventh ave.
Waller S. Davis. 46. Santa : Rosa, and Nan
M. Orr. 26, city. *
Harry Roeenblum. 31,- 803 Leavenworth
street, and Beckle Asher, 18, 1858 Geary street.
Frank Dale, 43. Denver, Colo., and Margaret
Smith, 26, 58 Webster street.
Charles Klnzel. 20, 3709 Washington street,
and Josle A. IJoysen, 22, 1018 Folsom street.
Emli Kaufmann. 33. 524 Castro street, and
Mary Barrett, 28, 141 Linden avenue.. -\ ..
Ludwlg Hildebrand, -30. 351A Minna street,
and Meta Blohme, 30, 351 A Minna street. • -
, Johii/F. O'Brien. 28. Salt Lake City, Utah;
and Elolse Shoebridge. 24. Salt Lake City.
; BiBTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS ¦
Birth, ' marriage and death . notices Bent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either, of the publication offices ami be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorised to have the same published.
born.;
KRAUSS— In Honolulu, August 4, 1003. to the
. wife of F. G. Krauss (formerly Hllmer)/ a
daughter.' ¦'...•
NAUNTON— In this cjty, August 18, 1903, to
the wife of Richard 'H. NaUnton, a son.
ROSSI— In ¦ this city, August 13, 1903. to the
wife of Angelo J. Rossi, a, daughter. . .
STRONG— In : this city, August 17, 1903.- to the
•wlfe'of 'Henry : Strong,' a son.' ' -.. »¦ .
•':"=.', ";-,.'¦ : ; .MABRlteD. •.' .. . ;^>';;
DAVIS— tUND^-In this' city, AugusV 18,'l903.'
j by the- Rev- Dr.-.E. Nelander. pastor >of the
-First English Lutheran .Church,, Burt Lincoln
•' Davis and Camilla Corln Lund, both, of this
I city, ¦-:>;•-. •.;:¦- '--¦/: v; •? -v .'-•¦.'
SAMPSON— OLDHAM— In this city, August
MEDICAL* I
MRS- DR. WTETH. specialist for all femala j
compatints: instant relief guaranteed: 30
> ears' fxperlcncg, 728 Poet St.. near Jones.
1IRS V L-R. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
m*.e troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
•jlef guaranteed. lOO&y^ Market St.. opp. 5th.
YALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syringe
und tablets; price. $2 50. By express on!y on
receipt pf price. OSGOOD BROTHERS.
wholesaie druggists. Seventh and Broadway.
Oakland.
PH. G. W O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
la trouble consult this tpeclalut on female j
ccmplaista; positively corrected; the unfor- 1
vur.ate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
<d; acvlc? free. Office. 101S Market ft.
htV.fi. T> ALLEN, 1318 Market-^-lteUablp ladies' •
specialist; a private home before and during 1
¦ ¦(¦Efinteunt; best medical care; low fees.
A rr.att>mlty villa: private; secluded; conSden- J
tlal. Dr. E. Funke. 141B Eighth st.. Alatneda. j
Prs Goodwin. 733 Turk nr. Vcn Ness— Expert
in obstetrics. ?eraa.!f> comp. ;25 yrs.experterce.
DR an3 MRS DAVIETanTllINnrlo HERBS:
oririnal method of treatment. 11-'! Market st.
PR. rtOSEN moved to 2»35 Foisora «t.. cor.
aatfc: relief $J0 : Udies" exclusive office.
Vn NCI TOY KEE. 319 Powell rt.. opposite
T'r.ion square; all* diseases <-ur»d herbs.
OFFICES AXU STOKES _TO LET.
I KM. 1 , SPRECKELS bui'idins. Market St.— .
Offict to let; rent $15; lijtht. h-at. lar.ttor aad \
telephone. ASHTOS & OAKUINKlt. j
FOR RENT— lTL\l of rtoTTiSxUS CeetJ all the-
basement; 115 Davis pt. Ca!l Los Angclee ,
P<.»ap Co., 124 Market st. !
6ANSOME~712*nrar Jackson— Handsome large
store to let : r^nt $25.
rCItSOXALS. _
A CaAPHOPBONE Jrce wiU. two dozen reo-
cr<i^ i!ake your friends a present. Talking
machines and records ex a:i makes ex-
chare.d Ve are manufacturing headquar-
ters and our guarantee means something.
COLCilJ-IA PBOXOG5APH CO.. 1^5 Oeary
tt.. S. K-. and 4O Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
¦* A _KMIAL ULES11SHBS REMOVED.
. V. ririkieis >« How and Cabby ekin. birthmarks,
frr.illpcx pitlir-rs and e<-*rs seienUSca'.ly re-
r.-.cved without cuttir^, maEsags;. electricity or
rcedicinet; enecial demonstrations this week.
Call or write PH. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
THE Star Hair luniedy restores gray hair, tm-
pro\"e« its growth ;stops falllng;cure» dandnisi 1
•nd itcains scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanftes eca!p;at drugKists'. hairdressers' ;ac-
c*pt no substitute. Star RemedyCo..^>5G€aj-y.
WANTED— «W mea with scalp diseases; loss
cf hair and baldness prevented (can treat by
*r.*ll b:&nk lor stamp); consultation free;
C:30to 6 Sundays 10 to 12. Prof. GEO. A.
CARIBOU"' Specialist, room 21S. 997 Market.
J\OT hew cheap. Lut how good, is the motto of
the manufacturers cf the Rapid Rotary
Standard the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market at.
FHTFICIAN. 13 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine ha.bit. Call or
' address Central Phann&cjr. 251 Grant ave..
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
checiJle-wove rugs, eilk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 70» Fifth St.. Oakland.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and t
Sunday evenings at T<*utonia Hall. Howard
et.. nfar Ninth; rr.ana^ercent Prof. Foster.
AT lets than cost uncalled fcr suns, overcoats
ar.d trousers, at CHARLES LTONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st. _^
THE kitb?£t price paid for ladies' or gents'
cart-eff clchlng ar.d e!1 articles of value at
WEINBERG'S, 1HA Ellis ei.
ELEGANT su!l* on ea*y installments; 50 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
krt St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
NOTICE to milkmen— For sale at the Piant
Farm Dairy Co.. 514-M6 Octavla St., 200
gallons cf rr.l'.k.
X5ANGHART & WETEH. *
Collectors.
No. 1170 Market StreelL Room 37.
MRS. PX'MPLE will be pleased to meet old and
new friend* her miliinery i»arlors, 221 Geary.
j GENTS fumiFhlnfr»,.notIona. toys and station-
ery. WOODWARD'S Bazaar. 2200 Fillmore,
ANITA iJIA MA1TD — Please send me your ad-
firess to 90* Market et. CHARLIE.
Sl'ITS to order on Installments. Jl per week.
Neuhans tc Co.. merch.tallors.727-729 Market.
ALL styles hairdreesing. 25c; hair goods; manl-
curing 2^. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 EO; cre*s pants $2Sa
Hieflt Clothing Parlor, cor. Du*h and Dupont.
trCPl-KKLVOUS hair and moles removed by
electric n»-*dl«. Dr. AMrs Traverse.ll70Mark«_
ilASQTKRADE cofturres. p'.ay books, wigs,
ccurtrj- orfl»rs. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDPM'S Ep>-ptian Henna restores gray
hair to Us natural color; Jl; at all druggists'.
Kuperf.-jcuF fcaix and, moles removed with elec-
tric r.f*<ilc. Mrs. & Idas Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 paees. eent to any address In the
T'n<t»-<! St«tr« ct <"arafl» on* year for tl
f PALMISTRY.
MME. DEVAS, Rcientlfie pa'mist .irsd astrclo-
Ktst. Office, 26 Lit-l>es bldg., VJ9 I'ost st.; Jl
I aim n-afiirtCE; 3 questions free; Tues. eve.
MME. ZILLAH, scientific palmist and card
reader; 25 year*' experience; late of New
Zealand and Australia. ;&:>.\ Post ct-
II. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 5i5
Tavkr ft., near Oeary. I'hope Black 561.
PAI'HUHAAGI\G. PAIXTIXG, ETC.
noOMS papered, $3 50 up: tinting, painting.
H»rtrrf»n Faint Co.. 31!i Hd yt. : tel. Main 413
PHYSICIANS AXD SLIIUEOXS.
VR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
tflglH Market «.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
BIjOOD. fkin end rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. l<yrr-4 Market et.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
treats aU d. r- t.r-ft cf (.he human body; foi
past four' years at 113-117 Mason; cow lo-
. cated at <&7 Gesry «t.. near Leavenwcrth.
DR. TCNG PO CHY. cuccctFor to Dr. LI Po
Tai. herb doctor; cures all <".'.&t-ae*s of humti
by use cf kerbs ard tf*as. 727 \rcshlngton st.
WONO WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dis-
Hfw >-ur«*i1 >>v Oriinpy h»rt>«. 74fl-^ Clay sf
PROPERTY WAXTEO.
' WANTED — Farms and town property for rash
customers. W. 11. HL'RKE, Clifton Springs,
N. Y.
SPECIAL XOTICEh.
LadiesT Chicf.c-ster's English Pennyroyal Pills I
tre best; eafc. reliable: take no other. Send 4c j
Ftarnps for particulars. "Relief for Ladies,"
In letter by return mail. Ask your druggist.
rhteriort*»r Chemical Co . Philadelphia. Pa.
SPECIALISTS.
cXTARRHT^HA^NEsFamTNOISES" laE ARS
potitlvely cured; new method; 1 week's treat--
roent free. Dr. Cottintrham. 204 Sutter st.
STORAGE AXD AVAHEHOCSES.
A-EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; lurr.lture,
'household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
~4l Huward et., near Third; phone Grant lfll.
PIEUCE-KODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Poet and Powell «ts. ; tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
COXKLIN'S etcrage — Furniture ajid raerchan-
di»e. ZZ3 Golden Gate ave.; phone liast 12.H.
COLDEN West Storage; advances made; 640
U iselcn rt.: tel. Howard ML F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
r-any. 2320 Fiilmore et. ; phone Jackson 281.
liEKINK Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
n.; ttl. Main 1S40. Shipping at cuf rates.
TYPEWRITERS^ AXDJSIJPPLIES.
G>-;EATnBAP.GAIX8'lN' 'TYPEW'RiTERS— w"«
bill better machines for less money than . ny
hotse in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, I'M California ;telephone Main 266.
A FEW good typewrite! « at fSV each: get par-
Ueulara. L. fc M. ALEXANDER. 11U Mont-
' comery «t.
"U-HAND typewriters *old, rented, repairefl.
V'fbtter Typewriter Ingpec. Co;. 209 Stnsome.
PROI O*=ALS. ,',
J'JUjI'OSALS — Bids wanted. Notice 1» hereby
i'.\er. that Bcalcd 'proposals. wJll be received
I'l the board of dir»-ctors of the Veterans'
Home of California, at Its office, room 13. 320
Ransom* et.. 8aa Francisco, up to 12 o'clock
'm. on Baturday, Auguist 2». 19(13, for furnish-
ing arsd delivering the materials and furniftb»
'•¦is for the new hospital at the- Veterans'
H>-?,i», Napa County. Cal. (railroad etation
Ymintvllle.) " Epepifiraticns for above may be
"¦T s-nd -examined at the office of the. board
£f directors lx-twwn the hours of 0 a. m. and
5 v m. each w**-k day. ' Money for payment
en contract* will be available Immediately
«f!«r Januarr I. 1SO4. Preference will be ,
Kn'm to goods manufactured In Ojtr State,
)/ric*. fitness and quality being, equal, under •
the provision* of Section 3247 of the Political
Co«e. Tl^e board reserve* the right to reject
, any or an bid* and to order any quantity
T^i»^ r T . un "'* r »»"*" B 'no«nt (*rwc!fW. Address ,
JPtS F ' S"r E ™ N - -Permary of the Board !
rr IJirertorB dr the Veterans' Home at ***!|-
If«^ o r ? om ,' 13 - :r!20 6pnstf) «e ft.. Ean TTan- •
Cisco, Cal. nj-ordrr of th^ board rt directors. '
3OUX T. SHEEHAN. Secretary.
I REAL E STATE-^ITV~FOn,^ S ALE.
W. J.' GUNN. .
. I - 530 CALIFORNIA ST.
(Savings. Union Building.).- . i'y~-£
CHEAP LOTS NORTH OF THE PARK.
$2G0o — 3 lots. A et. , near : 6th ave.; graded;
street work done; brick fewer; 3 lines
cars. -
jlv.n — 2 lots, B st., this side 9th ave.; graded.
ready for building; sewered. • •
$9(>0 — 1 lot. 8th ave.; near B. " :
jisini — 2 lots, 7th ave.. near B.
jl^SO — Tenth ave.: Jot 34:4x120.
f (;.-><> for both; 2 lots near D> et. .- ¦ •• • ' . '
.ci-t"ii — cth ave.. north of Lake st. ; lots 25x120.
WESTERN ADDITION LOTS THAT ARIJ
CHEAP. ¦ * ,'?'-- 1
J1C75 — Union, N. side, west of Broderlck ;.25x
100; grand marine view.
$^>O0 — Union, near Scott; 23x110; wrl! located;
elevated.
! S2000 — \Vebster-8t. corner, 25x100. • •••¦"¦'
I $rnt->0 — Iiroderick-st. corner; 44x103; grand ma-
rine view; fine lot.
j $2000— Filbert et.: lot 34:4x137:6; street bltum-
J lnized; marine view; choice location.
W. J. GUNN. 630 California st.
FINE LARGE HOTEL SITE
ON VAN NESS AVE. .
We have responsible and experienced tenant
for six-story . building. . -
, THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
Real Estate Acents,
." 5 Monteomery st. .
1 ¦ —^—^ - -',..-*'
. BETTER THAN ANT BANK.
flOOO down and ?50 per month for new flats
\ near Twenty-ninth and Mission street*.
£300 down and J20 per month will buy you
cottage. !i rooms and bath: tip to date.
. D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission street.
FOR EAle — Hotis* 8 rms. ; high basement: eunny
fide 19th. bet. Valencia and Mission; no reas.
cfter refused. Stephens & Co.. Unlon-sq. Mkt.
FOR sale — $3000; modern 6-room house In best
portion of Mission. 506 Hill st.. near Castro.
INVESTMENTS — $1400 up, paying 10 to 15 per
cent. THORNE & CO.. 207 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE— Conn try— For Sale.
FOR SALE.
Orchard and poultry farm; 49 acres; Sonoma
County; 40 mile? from San Francisco.
2000 full-bearing fruit trees; this year's crop
approximately 20.500 lbs cherries, ,, 4000 lbs
j Crawford peaches. 6000 lbs Bartlett pears, C000
lbs piums. 4000 boxes apples, 3 acres asparagus.
1300 hens. 7 pens fancy fowls, horses, Jersey
cews and heifers.
Large barn, fruit houses, chicken houses.
brooders. Incubators, wagons, harness, farming
arid orchard outfit complete. and modern.^ .' !
Dwelling house 11 rooms; fine shade groves,
lawns and garden; abundant water.
This year's net Income $4000; distant resi-
dence of owner compels sale.
L. E. THOMPSON. 4tg Parrott Bldg.. S. F. „
FOR SALE— TOKAT GRAPE LAND.
This flaming Tokay grape, land can be pur-
chased In 10-acre tracts. In WhltaJser & Ray
Colony, Gait.. Sacramento Co., Cal.. $400 a
tract. >4 down: the Tokay grape ripens In this
I locality 4 weeks earlier than In any other part
of the State. Grapes from this locality .can be
seen in the windows at 648 Market st.. 11 Mont-
gomery el. and at the Sacramento County ex-
hibit, ferry "building. ¦' ;¦/ - •
QUIGGLE. 11 Montgomery st.. care Wood,
ward & Co.. hours 9 to 10 a. m. and 12 to 1 and
4 to 5 p. m.. or address box 15. Gait, Sacra-
' mer.to County, Cal. • ' - - - -
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains; monthly-cata-
logues rent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO 643
Market et. - • - - . ¦ •
$13.000 — A LOVELY country home: 30 acr«s
' fruit: 00 miles. MOSSMAN. 850 Market at.
POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
-WATER front lots and bargains; all tracts;
• maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
1 REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
REAL estate to exchange: free printed 11st.-
Padflc Coast Ex. Bureau. S30VMarHet st. ,
; ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
train and schools; only S2830; lot 75x123.
i Nice 5-room cottage and bath. • •
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
Tel. Grand 14C1.' ' 15W Park st.. Alameda.
$3150 — EIGHT-ROOMED house in good loca-
tion; must be sold. W. H. POLLARD, 218
California el.. San Fra.-.clsco.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE..
CHENEY & BERRY.
$2000— HOUSE of C rooms; lot 43x100; street
work complete; house nearly new; cost
$2^UO; will take lot In part payment.
$2000 — C rooms and bath; lot 00x120; street
woik done; modern plumbing; 1 block
from proposed car line.
$400 — Lots half block from Grove-st. car line.
$3500 — 7-roora house; barn; large lot; on street
car line; exceptional easy terms to re-
sponsible party. <
$1330 cash — 5-room house, near College ave.;
lot 40x120. . »
40 lots — 1 block from car line; 4 blocks from
high e<Jiool; $400 to $C00.each; fine villa
eites; from 1 to' 3 acres each r fine view:
of Ean Francisco Bay, and adjoining' the
university grounds. • .;• . . >-, . .
CHENEY & BERRY.
-•¦¦¦- P. O. Block. -Berkeley.
AN opportunity seldom met with; I have a
new 2-story 7-room house, 4 bedrooms,
equipped with all modern conveniences, gas,
electric lights, etc., on' an Improved street;
only 2 blocks from the station, which I will
sell to a reliable party on the following
terms: $100 cash aDd the balance In month-
ly installments; whole' price $350" ; '.".
JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Ertate. .' • -
Cor. Shattuck ave. and Center. Berkeley.
1507 PRINCE St.. near Santa Fe R. R.— Large
8-room house; high -basement; stable.- cow
barn, 7 houses for chickens; ¦ lot* 160x135;
street work complete; call and Inspect.
LEVI J. MORAN,
rj 2131 Ehattuck ave.. Berkeley.
$4O00 — 3 ACRES on Dwight way. East Berke-
ley; elegant location: fine., .. . ¦ ..
LEVI J. MORAN. .:
2131 Sbattuck ave.. Berkeley.
FINE, new, handsome ottages; up to date; all
conveniences; #lose to cars; large lots; $1350
to $1000; only $200 cash, balanre $16 60 per
mcoth. ¦ x
W. C. MORAN. Lorln station, or
C. C. EMSLIE. Ashby rtatlon.
FOR RENT — House of 8 rooms and bath; near
-^ U. C. and Head Seminary. •';••/-'
JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate,
. Comer Shattuck ave. and Center st.
TWO 7-room houp-es; modern; street work all
done; 2 blocks from North Berkeley station;
south frontage; price $3000; one-third cash,
balance same as rent: no agents. See owner,
1925 Vine St., Berkeley.
NEW, modern house 10 rooms, near university,
for sale or to rent; $30. Inquire 1911 AdQlson
Ft.. *CaM Berkeley. . ¦ ." . . . ¦*.'..;
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 3B0ADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$450 CASH. $10 monthly— New~Queen"Anne
1 Vi-s toi-y cottage. 6 rooms and bath : 3 fln4
lots, 75x100; all fenced; rich sandy loam soil;
Immense Ehade trees, oak. laurel and pine;
running spring . water; a lovely home; near
cars and fine. school; no fogs or winds; ad-
Joining East Oakland; price In all $1200;
nothing like It for the money in California;
call or «end 4 for : circular. '455 Seventh' st.,
' opp. Broadway station, Oakland; carriage
free. . H. Z. JONES. Owner.
LOOK AT THIS--$2e30 only for a fine home of
7 rooms and bath : better than- new; - lot OOx
127; -all . street -. work done • and cement walk
around the bouse, etc. Apply to' P. C. LAS-
• SEN & CO.. 4C0 lCtta st.. Oakland, Cal.
BARGAIN— Only $1000 for a flne~5-room cot-
tage in East Oakland. P. C. LASSEN & CO^
406 Tenth st,, Oakland.
HOUSE « rooms, etc.; mftdern; 837 37th st.,
near Syndicate bask and station; a 'private
loan At your own terms of payment. Address
BuiU er. 831 ,eOth_ et.. Oakland.^ Cal. . .
'BEFORE moving get ray printed list 8f houses
to let. . GEORGE W. AUSTIN. 1002 Broad-
' way. . :" . ""-'"*V*. ' '.;¦"''.'.. ¦'¦
ALEX. MURDOCK. Chronicle bldg.. gab Fran-
' cinra. tor 'Oakland. Berkeley or'rura* home<
O.tKLAM) FUKXlTLltB ' FOR SALIS;
TO-MpItROW; thejday for. bargains -In furni'
• ture. H. Scheilhaas, 11th Et. cor. store, Oaklnd I
ADVERTISEMENTS,
.r UNITED STATES.jBBANCH.-h, S
STATEMENT
|* OF THIr— .-..-.
Condition and j^faxsa '¦: v--
...'•.¦. OF THE— —>: '¦.""'-' /
Commercial Union
ASSURANCE COHPAHY. LtalW,
Or-tOKDON. -ESaVJ^STK' OX THEMStT.'
dar ot December., A, D^ l>902. -«*><!" for
the year ending on that day.' m madt to the .
In»ura\ce . Commissioner of the State of Cal-
ifornia, pursuant to -the provisions cf- Sections
610 and 6H of the Political Code, .condensed
a* per blank fumiaatd by the Commissioner.
-Asgirra ' • .*
Real Estate owned by Ct«nj>a*y... 1^?.^ »'
Loan* «n BorvUanof Mortgage*,... SU.00O 0O
C**o Market Value of all Stock*
and Bond* owned *y Companjr. . iWMl 25 ,
Ca«h In Company's CWOce .rTiTT.,. ,, *232 63
Cash In Banks 1TS.730 50
Interest due and accrued on ail __.
Stocks and Loans 1.813 25
Interest due and accrued on Bonds -; .—
and Mortgages ... .......... *,1** W
Premluma Iri due Coarse «C Col- _„:*__"
lection 83(^792 78
Bills receivable, sot; Matured,
taken for Fire and Marine Rlsits. 9.114 41
Rent* da« and accrued . ... ..,.,. \ '- '^703 IX ¦
1 Due from other Companies tot Re-
Insurance on losses already paid. ' 22 05
I Total Assets «?-• M.0T3.824 77
rjABILlTtE3. *~
Lomm adjusted and unpaid ...VI. S73.950.0O
i Losses In process of Adjustment or " ¦ '' \ -
I In Suspense .».. 00
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 37,200 00
' Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, .$2,283.- • ._..___.-
; 971 39: remsTirance 50 per cent.. 1,146,485 »0
; Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- -/>-..'
! sing more than one year. $2.13<>.- ¦- • ¦ * ¦ ¦
902 04: reinsurance ort> rata. . . t 1,113,498 09
; Gross premiums on Marine and),
Inland Narigatton Risks. $...:
i reinsurance 100 per eent U.136 Off
¦ Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risk?, I ..:..; reinsurance SO
per cent :.. '....,...... J; ...',-"¦
Amount reclalmable by the In-
sured on perpetual Fire Iaaur- - -
ance Policies ........ 103.416 13
All ot&er UakUltiea « -y 134.833 43
Total Liabilities 3S
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums ...$2.S10.0S4.M
Net cash actually recerwed tow Ma-
rine-premiums .~ .... 1S1.4S0 63
Received for Interest on Bonds and . '
Mortgages 10,408 13
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans •and
from all other source* ,. TJ.3TO 4f|
Received for Rents 19.512 S3
Total Income $3.091.885 73
. EXPENDITURES. ~ ~~~~
Net amount, oald for Fire Losses • ?J
(Including $.....», loesea of pre- '^ „
vloua • year»> .". Jl.634,610 08 •
Net amount paid for Marine -
Losses (Including $......, losses ,„-„. ' m
ef previous years 118,615 68
Paid or ajiowed for Commission ' / -
or Brokerage M8.85O, 4T
Paid for Salaries, Tees and other .
charges "for officers, clerks, etc. 142.913 43
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes ..;....... 72.243 TS
All other payments and expendi-
tures; .148,559 74
Total Expenditures . . . ."« ? . .".12. 663.800 20
'-.. - ' 'y^:: . - Fire. -. ."
Losses ineurred duricg, the year.. $1,670.433 72
Risks and Premiums- Fire Risks. Premtajns.
I Net amount of Risks
Net amount of Risks •."--• * -f^ -
expired during - the
year •.........'..-• S39.009.101 S.702.333 W
¦ Net amount h» force . ¦ ~
December 31. 1902.. 403.174.717 4.413.873 43
Mar. Rtaks.1 Premiums.
Net amount of Risks . '",
SSSJSS?.^ $38.<M0.5dl $261.239 06
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 57.662.154 272.820 53
Net amount In' force? . ....
December 31, 1902.) 4.183.394 84^.343 29-
¦ C. F. MUIXIX8.'
:.»«•. V pacific : Coast Branch Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this'
10th day of March, 1903. '„''' * 'A' '..
Deputy Insurance Commissioner.
416 California Street,
SAN FRANCISCO. : *• '
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
. CONDITION AND AFFAIBS . •
— oi>.the-^ : [?:»'v*
ASSURANCE COMPANY, Limited,
OF LONDON. ENGLAND, on the 31st 4ay .
of December; A." D. 1902. ahd for th* .
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of. the State of .Callr '
; fornia.- Dursuant to the provisions of. sections.
610 and 611 ot the Political Code, condensed.
as per Wank furnished fey the Cornmtsstonen .
- ' ' . "AS3ETS.' ..
Real Estate owned by Company. ..'*¦; H73.17O 8T
Cash Market Value pf all Stocks • -
and Bonds owned by Company. • B87.000.0ft ¦
Cash In Banl* » ,.73.868 $Q -
Interest due and accrued . on, all . , .
Stocks and Loans *..'..' 2.250 CO
; Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion ••• i — ;.........'. 65,430 Rl
Rents due and accrued ........... CCS W
Due from other Companies for' re-
Insurance on losses already paid 2.031 f»2
Total- Assets ...\..r. $904.317 40,
LIABILITIES. ' - -. . -r -
Losses adjusted and' unpaid...... . $l« 33
Losses In process .of Adjustment. . :
or In- Suspense, '¦ 10,145 83
Gross premium* . on . Fire . Risks .......
running . one ". year.. or les*». . .' -i .
$233,434 17; reinsurance 80 per ¦ - w -
cent ............' 11«;T1T 09
Gross premiums • on Fire - Risks • • ¦ . '
running more than one year. .;- ,
S11S.921 22; reinsurance pro rata 43.213 43
Due and accrued tor salaries; rent.'" "
etc.. ........ •-*• 4,568 33
Commissions and Brokerage due -.
and to become due A ll r l!>o S3
All other LlablliUe* -. 11,397 57
Total Liabilities $217.133 64
. "-.INCOME.*'
Net cash actually received for Fire .
premiums •' • .. . - . . .'- • ; . . ..— $279,607 64
Received for Interest and dividends : ¦
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources.......... 19,68194
Received for. Rents . 13,821 50
Total Income $30941113
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net 'amount paid for Fire Losses ¦'¦'_-,
(Including $3,927, losses of pre-
f] vlous years) $S3.9S1 49
Paid or allowed Tor Commission or ---
Brokerage ,63,780 62
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other . .
¦ charges for officers, clerka. etc. . 14,185 03
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes ...... ... ............;..; 1.801 1$
All other payments and expendl- . , ..
tures .:......„.-..... ;.... ,19.004 6.4
Total Expenditures .......... £$184.723 37
: .;-'¦•" ' '" " ' -Flre"^- '
Losses Incurred during the year... $ 88.743 It ¦
Kfgki andf Premiums. I Fife Risks. | Premluma. ,
Net amount • of : Rlski ; ' ¦
'^ en ..^^f.. .^! $23,230,241 $ 378.071 It,
Net amount of -Risks . . ¦ .... .'£¦„-;•„'
expired "•daring the ,:¦,.-• ,.
• yekr ...... -".-.; 25.165.083 347.585 34 .
Net amount ' In force :
. December 31. 1902: { 25.913.127 352.353 S3
BAMUEL R. WEED,! of Weed & Kennedy, : .
V. 3: Managers. , .'. ;
: Subscribed and sworn to before me this 14thj -
day of February. 1903. . ... - » *
- -F. FISHBECK. Notary Public.;
416 California StpeetJ f
18, 1P03, by the Rev, A. C. Sane, pastor UoW.
ard-street Methodist Church, Frank R. Samp-
66n of this city and Julia E. Oldham of Kan-
. sas City. ; ¦£¦-<::, •'. - ". •¦¦•
SMITH— KRAMER— In this city. August 18.
1903, at the Mizpah Presbyterian Church, by
the Rev. Frederick A. Doane, Leonard A.
Smith of San Francisco and,Fiida A. Kramer
Of. Alameda. - '•.'•:'- A : _L..-lLiiL— _i.._
--¦.-, -. t * -¦ mma •-¦;.>¦' . . ¦
! ' Asfeioh. Joseph • Hurst, James
- Berwick, Mrs. Mar- Jpnes.-'JpW B.
— - garet - : ' c -t- - .-¦ ; Leopold, . Pauline
"" Bogel, ¦ Emma L. ¦ Madden,' John J.
Brady, Thomas Marryatt, Henry A.
Brunn. Hans P. * ; Mqcksr, Annie L. -
, Chellnl, Emli ' Woelien John
1 con very. Patrick Ntlson, .Jamea
Davenport r Amanda < .-. pt.Cpnuor, ; Michael V.
¦ Ue- ticrg. Christian Piercy, Mary
Delpech. Ameda»-- y -RaUary, Ellen
Dunbar. Margaret Schleiden, > Joseph F.
Dunn, John , ', •••Schonfeld. Louia
•DffPy, Maria G: - Tietjen. Florence I.
Flaherty;. Wllllam-H. Webster, Lemuel
" ., Gibson, Mary . . Wheeler, Alfred,
' ¦ Hoeft, Gustave .
AssiON--ln this dt£, August IT, 1903, Jd*
! *eph Asslon, dearly beloved brother pt MrS;
1 M. Felirenbach, Mis. E. Hernster tt garita
Barbara antt the late Mrs. K. Wiase of Peta-
luma, a native of Germany, aged 82 yeais 5
hionths and 1 day.
• (CTFrlendB and acquaintances. are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday.
! ; August 20, --1U0.1, at -1:30 o'clock, from the
¦ mortuary chapel of J. S. Godeau. 305 Mont-
gomery "avenue, thence to Odd Fellows' Hall,
where tservlces • will be held under the aus-
plcee of Harmony Lodge No. 13. I. O. O. F..
commeccing, at 2 o'clock. Interment Laurel
' Hill Cemetery.
1 BERWICK— In Oakland, August 19, 1003, Mrs.
* Margaret llertv'lck. widow of th^_ la^e V&xiA
'. Uerwlek, a nfetlve of St. Andfewsi Scotland,
. ttged.lra yeah 0 months arid 10 daj-ft.
' UOGEL^-ln this city, August 18. lsto, Emma
Louiea, beloved wife of Henry F. Bogel.
mother of Carl. Rita and George Bogel . and
Infant daughter, daufehter of Mrs. C. Engel.
! and sister of John A. Kretschmar, Mrs. F.
E. Redfleld and Carl F.. Frieda and Julia
Engel. a native of San Francisco, aged $8"
; years 3 months and 11 days. .
(ty Friends and -acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday. August 21,-1903. at 1:30 o'clock, at
the residence of her sister. Mrs. F. E. Red-
, field. 1!U5 Taylor street, between Union and
Filbert. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BRADY— In thie city, August 19, 1903, Thomas.'
! belovtd husband of Annie Orady, and uncle
of Mrs. John English, a native of County
Cavan, Ireland, ' aged C5 years. . • , .
(tT Remains at the parlors of CarSw *
English. 29 Van Ness avenue. Nbtle§ dt
funeral hereafteh ' :
! OFFICERS and members of the Veteran Volurl-
' teer Firemen's Aseoclatlon will please assem-
ble at hall, 2S3 Jessie street, on Friday morn-
ing, August 2r, at 8:30 a. m. sharp, to at-
tend the funeral of our late brother, Thomas
> Brady. By order.
. •-.--., . STEPHEN: BUNNER." President. '
1 J. J. McMAHON, Rec. Sec. ...
1 BRUNN— In this city, August 17. 1903, Hans
; P. Brunn, dearly beloved husband of Anns*
Brutin, and devoted father of Anita and
! Peter Brunn, a native of North Schleswlg,
Germany, aged 53 years and 14 days. ' .
CyFrlencls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Theo. Dlerckts, !>.*>7 Mission street,
where the funeral services will be -held, .un-
der the aunplces of Court - America No. 3,
F. of A. Inferment_Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CHELINI— Drowned at Vallejo, August f>, 1903,
1 ¦ Errill, dearly beloved ' husband of Margherte
Chellnl, father of Kdfth Chellnl, dearly be-
loved eon of Joseph and the late Annie Che-
llnl, -and brother of John. Joseph, and Annie
Chellnl, Mrs.' E. Reith nnd Mrs. F. Toso, a
native of San Francisco, aged 33 years.
. ; .~- CTFuneral will take o!aee from 332 Sixth
street, at 10 a. m... Thursday,' August 20,
thence to Holy Cross Cemetery.- " • -
CONVERY— In this city, August 19, 1003, Pat-
rick, beloved husband of the late Annie Con-
very, and father of ', Annie .and Catherine
Convery, Mrs. A. W. Shields and the late
Helen , Convery, a native of^ County Derry,
Ireland, aged 78 years.* ••-'.-' • "¦- -^
IWFriends and acquaintances are respect-
l fully invited* to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2549 Post street, 'thence to St. .Dom-
inic's Church, where a requiem high mass
; will be celebratsd for the repose of his soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cro«s Cemetery.
DAVENPORT— In this city, August 18,: U'. •
Amanda Davenport, daughter of Mrs. F. G;
• Hall, .and sister of F. H. Hall. Mrs. -W. A.
- Jones of Vlsalla,. Mrs. John Rebman of. Los
Angeles and Mrs. K. A. Langrlck of ¦ San
Francftco, a rintiv'e"bf Illinois. ? .
DE BERG— In this City, August 18, 1003. Chris-
tian A. De Berg, a native of St. Thomas,
West Indies, aged 50 year?.
DELPECH— In Los Gatos. August 19, ' 1903,
Amedee Dtlpech. beloved hunband of Ger-
, malne Delpech, arid, father of Margueritte
Delpech, a native of France, aged 52 years
and 4 months.
(CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited' to attend" the— funeral Friday,
Aueuet 21, 1003, at 2 o'clock, from the mor-
, tuary chapel of Julius S. Oodeau, 305 Mont-
gomery avenue, thence to I. O. O. F. Hall,
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of Franco- A mericaine Lodge No. 207..'
DUNBAH— In this city, August 18, 1903, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of Robert C. Dunbar, a
native of California, -aged 2S years 8 months
and 24 days. ¦- .
tyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
at • 2 o'clock, from the. : funeral parlors ot
Portvir & White, 423 Golden Gate, avenue.
Interment Odd Ftllows' Cemetery.
! DUNN— In this clfy, August-17. 1903. John,
beloved husband of Mary 'Dunn, father of
Philip J., John J. and Charled A. Dunn,
Mrs. A. Gale. Mrs. J. A; Murphy and the
late James A. Dunn; and brother of Mrs. R.
Jepsen, a native of Youghal, County Cork,
Ireland, aged 03 years 3 months and 13
- days. . ¦ • ¦ - i
C/"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
I fully Invited to attend the funeral to=day'
I (Thursday), at 12.-.5O o'clock, from his late
! residence, 12U0 Kolnjin itreet, thence, to St.
! Josephs Qburuh for: services at. 1 o'clock.
j Interment. Holy Cross Cemetery.
! DU PY— In this city, August 19, 1003 Marie
OibPlin du Py. beloved mother of O«?tave and
Peter du Py/nnd Mrs. H.- D.- Scripture, and
grandmother of Hortense Maugln, a native of
France, aged 04 years and 8 months.
(CTFuntral Friday. August 21, 1003, at
8:30 o'clock, from .her. late, residence. 1517
Sacramento street, thence :to"French Chiirch
(Notre Dame des Vlctolres). ; Interment prl-'
vate. Holy Cross,. Cemetery. '¦¦:¦ ¦;.<-; .. ,
FLAHERTY— In this rlty,-- August . 10. 1D03'
William -H.; dearly" Ijticfveif 'husband 'of Kitty
Flaherty, beloved father of ."Willis, LilHe and
Georgi Flaherty. . and ¦• .beloved- brother - of
Fletcher Flaherty, , a native o? New \ York
aged 42 years 1 month and. 17 days. .'
GIBSON— In this city, 'August 19, 1903. at the
residence, .M5 .Minna .street, -Mary, beloved
i wife of the late Samuel "-'8.' Gibson, and
mother', of ' George, 'Janjes,". William • H. and
! Samuel OibSori and the late Louise B. Wal-
• droll, a native of County Limerick, Ireland,
: aged ''2 years. ' ' . ".;
1 HOEFT— In. this city, August 16, 19ft3, Gus-
• tavc Hoeft, a native of. Germany, aged 45
years^* " • . ,
(?'"Remains at Charles J. B. Metzler's
undertaking parlorB, (i'{(J Washington street.
HURST — in this city, August- 1H, l!)03, Jamej
dearly beloved husband of Allle -Hurst, and
dearly beloved father- of Mabel, James. Jr.,
¦GeorKl'^'anJ Willie Hurst, a native of County "•
Fermanagh, Irtiahd, aged. 53 years and 1
monlh.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are res'pett-
fully lnvlttd to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10 p'clock, from his latp resi-
dence,' 13.'{2 Fulton street. Interment Cypres-a
Lawn Ceriietery, by carriage.
JONES— In this city, August 18. 1903. Joel B..
beloved husband of Gussle Jones, and father
of Gerald Jones, • a native of London, Eng-
land, aged Si) years 5 months and 17 days. *
¦ IC7Frl*!n<ls and icquaintancea are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o;clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1018 Pine street." near, Van Ness ave-
nue. '; Interment ¦ Home of Peace Cemetery by
11. o'clock train from .. Third and Townsend
streets. ¦ i ;?;%;:
LEOPOLD— Friends and acquaintances are In- .
vlted to attend the dedication of the monu-
ment to be erected in - memory of Pauline
Leopold (deceased) at Salem Cemetery, Sun-
day. August 23, af 2 p. m.,. .
MADDEN— In this city, .August 18, 1903, John
\ Joseph, beloved husband of Mrs. Annie Mad-
den.'i father of Joseph Madden, and • son of
Mary and the late Michael H. Madden, a na-
tive of San ' Francisco. ;¦ aged '28 years 9
months and- 19 days. A member of Gentle-
men's Modality, of St., Ignatius Church. . , :
Cy Ft lends, and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
1 (Thursday), at; 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 1802 Ellis street., thence to Hoiy
Cross Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
- o6rnmanelnjr;at ,10 o'clock. T Interment Holy
Cross . Cemetery. .'. - .-- . , . • .;..
MARRYATT— In' this city. August 19. 1D03,
Henry A. '. Marryatt/ devoted husband of
Sarah A. Marryatt, and loving father of Mal-
vlnla, Henry A; : and Noble O. ; Marryatt; a
- native of ¦ Kingston, Jamaica,, aged 48 years
' 6 months and 28 • days/ - c ¦¦-¦ ...
MOCK£H— In this city, 'August 18. 1903, Anm«
L.; belo\'ed wife of Andrew Mocker, mothe-
Ot IrAne M. Mocker,' And daughter of Sophie
* and' tMeMute ¦ Her.ry ; Schroder,-' a native ,of
-- San-' Francisco, r-,.':' . -, r - - - i-
¦ v IC?"Friends I are Invited to .'attend" the fu-
neral-to-day'; (Thursda'y). : a.t 1:30 'o'clock' 1
I fron» • the residence* of her .sister. Mrs. J
Thode, . 820 Waller street, near • Broderlck.
Interment orlvate.. Please, omit flowers,
MOSHER— In Nilesl Cal.', .August 18.--1903
John .' Mosher. beloved • father t' of ¦. .Kitty
Jamea McGinn. -i .-¦'•% '"¦¦ '-: ¦¦¦; Henry Hanaen.-
" ' - • JAMES ' McGINN & CO./- . ,-,.,. ,....
v', % .Forrterly; With McGinn Bros.,
— — .Mineral -Dlrfcctors and vEmbalmers— — *
. ! . 2H Eddy. St.; Tel. > South ,576. ¦', : ;
F.'J.;Monahan, President* "' i ;>!-;' f'
M MONAHAN::Sv CO.,
.'„, :.-..:..¦..,-,,_, '.- ,i (Inc.)' "f ,'¦:¦¦ _•..-
FUNERAL* DIRECTORS AND 'EMBALMERS.
2339-2341- Mission st. -Telephone Mission 31;
- Mosher, an« -brother of. .Mr* A. B»weH and
A. K. Mosher, a. native at New York, aged
58 years 9 months and" 9: day s. ¦--" -;. -
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to 'attend the Interment to-,
day (Thursday), 'at .1 o'clock, at Cypress
' La wo Cemetery, SaaTMateo County. ' "
NELSON— In thia city, August 18; 1908, Jamea,
beloved husband . of . Margaret Nelson, father
; Of Mary, William and James Nelson, brother-
in-law of My U s Nionan. and uncle of Pat-
flck Mellahoti, a native of County Clare
Ireland, aged .62 years lQu months and \&
days. .::-:--:¦:•¦¦ ¦ ¦ '¦¦ -
B^?" Friends aad acquaintances are respect-
fully. Invited to. attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his Iata
resldenee, 417 Folaoro street. : thence to St.
Breadan'* Church for /services.. Ioteonent
Holy: Cross- . Cemetery.
O'C0NNOR--in thi* city, August 19. . 1903.
Michael ' F,, belovtfd husband of Katherlne
O'Connor, father of Hqward and Bernice
O'Connor, and son of George O'Connor, a na-
. tlve of San Francisco, aged 4S-jeaM.
¦.' IC The -funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 0:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J..Q. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mtaslon street,
thence to St.* Patrick's Church for service*
st 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. ' ' i ¦¦¦:•'. : -\
PIERCY— In this cltyj, August 19. 1903. at the
residence cf her son, A. J. Piercy. 3548
. Twenty-third streeli Marv ,. Piercy, - beloyed
'mother Of Mrs. J- L. Marteli, A. J. and E.
M. Piercy and -the. late Samuel W. Piercy.
and grandmother ot Viola C. Piercy, a native
of Ireland, axed 84 years.
ETNotlce of funeral hereafter. ».-'. ¦
HAFTERT— In- :¦ thia'.. city,- August 18, 1903.
Ellen, beloved wife of the-late M.. Raftery.
and mother of Thomaa F. - Raftery, Mrs. Mao
Ackerson Mrs. Kitty May and Mrs. Thomas
Flynn, a native- of SHko, Ireland, aged 56
years 8 months and 7 days. ¦--- -,-
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ihVlted to attend the funeral Thursday.
at »i.1O tt'cleeh, from her late residence. 1477
$eary street, thefltfe ' to Bt. Mary's Cathe-
dral. 6'Farfell street afitf Van Ness avenue,
where a solemn retjuleiti high ma»» will b*
celebrated for the repose 6f her jeul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
2 Cemetery via electric car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets.
SCHLEIDEN— In th« City of Mexico. August
17. 1903, Joseph F. Schleiden, beloved hus-
band of Virginia H. Schleiden. and father, of
Emillo, Adolf o. Juan and the late Joseph
L. SchUlden, a native of Mexico, aged G5
years.
8CHONFELD— In this city. August 19. 1903.
at his residence, 54« GouKh street, corner of
Fulton, Louis, dearly beloved husband of
Catherine Schonfeld. father of Louis Jr..
¦ George and Hed wig Schonfeld, brother of Mrs.
' Aug. Trost of Germany ¦ and David and the
late Aug. Schonfeld, son-in-law of Mrs. Mar-
farethfe Hess, and brother-in-law of ' Mrs.
bhn Jebe and Midi Btfse Meldner of Seattle,
a native of FrahketibUfg, Hessen. Germany,
aged 44 years 5 months and 26 days. >
TIETJEN— In this city. August 197 1903. *"»<»-
ence. Irene, dearly beloVed daughter of George
H. and Llz7.ie N. Tietjeh, a native Of San
. Francisco, aged. 16 years 5 months and 8
¦" days.
WEBSTER— in this . city, . August R 19,, 1903,
Lemuel Webster, beloved father of . Cecil
Webster, and -brother. of ' Mrs. J. R. Troxel
and Peter and William Webster, a native of
Prince Edward Island, aged 57 years.
WHEELER— In this city, August 18, 1903, Al-
fred Wheeler, ft 'native of New York City.
• aged 81 years.": Reduced rates on household goods to & from
the East & South. Bekin's, • 11 -Montgomery.
J. B. Hughes waf arrested yesterday
afternoon at Ninth and Market -streets by
Officer . Stanley and .charged, with grand
larceny. . Hughes snatched a purse be
longing to Mrs. J. S. Peters of 767 Castro
street and was caught by the officer and
several citizens after a hard run.
Purse Snatcher Caught.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 1&-The annual con
ference of the Advent Christian Churches
of California opened here ; this .evening.
Rev T. H. Organ preached the . conference
sermon. Among the clergy attending. the
conference was i the \- Rev. W. H. ;; Davis,
of Toronto, "Canada/ . ' i l ;
Conference I of f Advent \ Churches.
1 . Edward Harris was arrested yesterday
afternoon by Detectives Harper and Arm
strong while entering a pawnbroker's es
tablishment. He had in , his possession
a considerable quantity of jewelry, in
cluding several ' valuable pins,", rings and
opera glasses. He .Is a morphine fiend,
well known, to the police, and will be held
pending- an' Investigation as to = how the
property, came into his possession.
Arrested on Suspicion.
Strong men at the head means good service for
you. » Mysell-Kollins,22 Clay.printers&blnderB. ; •
Edward F. Dougherty, a member of tBe
Fire Department,. who was run Into by an
electric car at the corner of Potrero ave
nue and Twenty-fourth street, sued the
United "Railroads yesterday for $20,000
damages. He. charges Una company with
carelessness. •
Fireman Sues for Damages.
Thomas Clancey, 350 Fifth street, got
into a fight with William Brown, a bar
tender in a saloon near his residence, early
yesterday morning, and had his Jaw
broken. He was taken to the Central
Emergency Hospital and later to the City
and County Hospital. < Brown was arrest
ed on a charge of battery.
Clancey's Jaw Broken.
A pre'ss dispatch, sent from Chicago last
Saturday, night, to the effect that Stephen
B. Elkins Jr. had left Chicago that even
ing 'for New York In a private car ' and
was accompanied by . a • mysterious and
beautiful woman, is entirely erroneous, as
the gentleman did not depart , from ; San
Francisco until, two days later, r ';;./.
Stephen B. Klklns Jr., son of the United
States Senator from West Virginia, who
has been visiting San Francisco for the
past month, left for the East last Mori
day night and was given a.farewell send
off by his numerous friends.
His Departure Last Monday Dis
proves Sensational Story Sent
Out From. Chicago.
STEPHEN B. ELKINS JR. . jt
LEAVES FOR THE EAST
Mary Guptlll, who lived at 403 Broad
way, was found dead in her bed yester
day morning. She had been drinking to
excess. . Thomas Brady, a veteran fire
man, 65 years of age, died in St. Luke's
Hospital yesterday from injuries received
last Thursday by falling down stairs at
the Veteran Firemen's headquarters, cor
ner of Fourth and Jessie streets.
Two Coroner's Cases.
"Both Dr. Woods and his wife. Alice
Cloy Woods, will aoon be brought back
to California," said Boyd. "I do not pro
pose to offer them any inducement to
come out of their supposed hiding place."
"Woods has communicated with me sev
eral times during the -past few weeks,
through his attorney, but' I have paid no
attention to the epistles. '•' The charge now
filed against' Woods and the woman la
grand larceny. 1 but when - we E get them
here more serious charges will be. placed
against them." - : .. ; :
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 19.— The promise
made by Dr. John Donald Woods that he
will give himself up, provided the Marin
county authorities will . deal' with him
leniently, amuses the authorities here. ,
District Attorney Boyd to-night stated
that Woods would be ' given no quarter,
but would be prosecuted to the extent of
the law.
District Attorney of Marin County Is
Amused by Fugitive's Offer
to Surrender.
SAYS HE WILL NOT MAKE
TEB.MS WITH DR. WOODS
Detective Ed Gibson' left for Portland
yesterday afternoon with the papera for
the extradition of Woo Sook, -who Is want
ed here for assault to murder and at
tempt to commit robbery. He is accused
of having been one of the highbinders
who broke Into the store of Wong See
Chong, 726 Dupont street, on May 30, ,1902
and wounded the proprietor. Two of the
robbers were captured at the time and
arei now serving terms in San Quentin.
"Will Bring Back Chinese Robber.
Mrs. Nettie Robinson, who lives with
her husband at 2134 Folsom street, drank
carbolic acid yesterday afternoon with
suicidal intent. She was removed to the
City and County Hospital, 'where she soon
recovered from the effects of the drug.
The woman explained that she had trou
ble with her husband and wanted to die.
Tries to End Her Life.
Nicholas Mori secured a warrant from
Police Judge Cabaniss yesterday for the
arrest . of^ two men, one colored, whose
names he does not know,* on a charge of
grand larceny. He told the Judge that
while he was having a drink in a saloon
the two men took his photograph with a
camera and said they would call upon
him when they had developed it. They
called on August 14 and while be was
looking at the photograph they stole $315
which he_had "in 'his' trousers pocket. • He
did not miss the. money, till after the men
had rone.- ..._.„ .^, ;
Has His Money Stolen.
Do not fall to visit this wonderland of Cali
fornia. See Its towerlne walls of granite,
rugged cliffs and cascades, hundreds of feet
high. Total cost $48 50, including round trip
railroad fare, berth In sleeper. . hotels, trails
and visit to the famous Mariposa big trees.
Sleeping car to Raymond via Southern Pacific
every night. For folders and details apply to
Information Bureau, 613 Market street. •
Special G. A. R. Excursions Open
to All.
TO SEMITE VALLEY.
Is almost constantly irritated by wind
and mineral-laden dust; inflammation,
r*dnees. Itching and burning, followed by
granulated" eyelids, are the results.
MURIKE EYE REMEDY gives quick re
ttef. Doesn't smart: soothes eye pain;
makes weak eyes strong. Your druggist
or optician sells Murine at SO cents. *
The San Francisco Eye
In the absence of Police Judge Conlan
yesterday Judge Cabaniss presided for a
few' minutes In the ¦ former's court and
continued all the cases on the' calendar.
One of them was the case of Jacob Baum
garten, arrested last Friday evening by
Detective Freel for selling tickets for the
prize fight "without a license. Baumgar
ten's attorney made a request for a con T
tinuance till August 24, which Assistant
District. Attorney Weller agreed to and
It was so ordered.
Baumgarten's Case Continued.
The physician at the City and County
Hospital say that Johnson may die as a
result of his terrible Injuries. \ Engineer
Watson has not yet been arrested, as he
was on his way to San Jose" with the
train. He will probably be, taken into
custody to-day. .* . —
Andrew Johnson, a laborer employed by
the Spring Valley .Water Company, and
residing at 1465 Seventh avenue,' was run
over by a train yesterday afternoon at
Eleventh and- Channel streets. Both of
the unfortunate man's feet were so badly
crushed that it was found necessary .to
amputate them in order to save his life.
Johnson was at work making pipe con
nections and did not hear engine 1379 ap
proach. Engineer Watson, In charge of
the train, could not have observed John
son, for he ran the unfortunate man down
without even slacking speed.
Andrew Johnson May Die From In
juries Received While at Work
Near Railroad Track.
LABORER'S FEET ARE
CRUSHED BY A TRAIN
SAN JOSE, Augi'wi— The Southern Pa
cific Railroad -Company ., has a genuipe
live African lion on its hands and woijld
like to get rid of it. A. J. Morrison, who
had been exhibiting the beast at Schuet
zen Park, started for Santa Cruz yes
terday after hiring an expressman to haul
the lion tb the narrow gauge depot to
be shipped. The lion is in a smallcage
and the company refused . to accept the
freight as It was caged. Andy Young,
the expressman, tried to send it by Wells-
Fargo express, but this corporation would,
not accept it. . The expressman then drove
back to the dPDot and left the lion and
cage on the platform.
The depot employes finally placed the
king of beasts In the warehouse. { All
last night it kept the neighborhood awake
with Its roars.
Young began suit to-day against Mor
rison in Justice Wallace's court for $18 50
for services in handling the animal and
an attachment was levied upon the lion.
The railroad company must now keep
the unwelcome freight until the claim of
Young Is settled. (
Morrison is! in Santa Cruz anxiously
awaiting the ftrrival*of a ,hls*lloh.*; ; .^-jvj !
Beast Is Held at the San Jose Depot
Pending Outcome of Civil
; Suit:
SOUTHERN PACIFIC REFUSES *
TO I HAUL A CAGED LION
The funeral of the, late Robert Sample,
the brave special policeman who died a
few days ago as a result of a wound re
ceived at the hands of two thugs on Aug
ust 10, was held yesterday from his late
residence, 4330 Twenty-third street. A
large number of friends and relatives of
the dead officer were present to pay their
last respects.
The funeral was held under the auspices
of the special policemen of this city and
the Odd Fellows. Many beautiful floral
ofHerings were sent by sorrowing friends.
The body was interred in Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. The following special officers
acted as pall bearers and took cbarge of
the funeral arrangements:
Otis Barge, Samuel Daggett, Peter Ha
vens, John Dougherty, Charles White
head, James Fehaney, Kmil Brenng,
Henry Beatty, George Delmar, W. Deasy,
George Green and J. J. Smith. . \
Murdered Special Officer Is Laid to
Rest in Cypress • Lawn
Cemetery.
MANY ATTEND FUNERAL
OF LATE ROBERT SAMPLE
One of the witnesses on the stand yes
terday testified that' Graham had stolen
his diamond pin and when he was arrest
ed for the laundry burglary the pawn
ticket for the diamond pin was found in
his pocket.
William C. Graham was convicted by a
jury in Judge Dunne's court yesterday
on a charge of burglary in the first de
gree and will be sentenced on Saturday.
He broke into a French laundry at 3372
Mission street on the night of June 13
and robbed the telephone box of Jl 50.
¦ Graham on May 6, the day of the gro
cers' picnic, went with Henry Wesch,
grocer, 1524 Guerrero street, to San . Ra
fael and purposely lost him in the hills.
Graham returned to the city, broke into
Wesch's grocefy and stole $151 50 from the
safe and cash register.^ After the burg
lary he^-ent to the picnic and Joined Mrs.
Wasch so as to take away suspicion from
him. He was arrested a few days later
by Detectives Graham and Fitzgerald for
burglary, but so much pressure was
brought to bear upon Wesch by his cus
tomers not to prosecute the case that it
was dismissed.
Jury Convicts William C. Graham of
Burglary in the First
Degree.
FINDS A WAY TO GET
INTO STATE'S PRISON
The trial of the suit of Maud Van
Buren against the Mountain Copper Com
pany. (Ltd.) was ended yesterday after
noon when the Jury returned a verdict
awarding the plaintiff damages in the
sum of $6760 for the death of her hus
band, John Van Buren. who was killed on
February 25, 1900, by a cave underground.
This was the second trial of the case,
the former 1ury having awarded Mrs. Van
Buren 515.000 damages, but a new. trial
wae granted by the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals.
The evidence was practically the same
on both occasions. It was shown that
John Van Buren was not a miner, but en
gaged as a laborer on the surface. Not
withstanding that fact, he was gut to
work a few days later in a stope which
was insufficiently timbered. Many wit
nesses testified that pieces of rock
"scaled" from the roof of the excavation,
bo much so that the foreman of one gang
of men ordered them out of t»e dangerous
stope into a safer place. Ten minutes
later the "cave" occurred, killing Van
Buren and his seven fellow workmen.
Mrs. Van Buren was left destitute with
three minor children to suport.
She Is Awarded Six Thousand Seven
Hundred and Fifty Dollars
by a Jury.
MAUD VAN BX7REN WINS
.. HER SUIT FOR DAMAGES
Those in the secrets of the management
say that it has been definitely decided
that the addition to be built on the Cos
mos Club property will be exactly like
the part of which the walls have been
completed. It Is learned through a relia
ble source that the owners of the prop
erty on the southwest corner of Powell
and Post streets have offered to lease the
land on which present buildings stand,
the duration of the lease to-be twenty
years; and also to erect, on a lease basis
of six per cent of the cost of the build
ing, a structure to adjoin the St. Franci3
Hotel and to be like it in every regard,
connected with the St. Francis and, dur
ing the lease, to be an integral part of It.
This proposition has been made to the
parties back of the St. Francis Hotel and
it meets with favor, but no definite ac
tion has been taken. The addition pro
posed would give the St. Francis I-Iottt
nearly oi# thousand rooms in total and
make it one of the most imposing hotel
Structures in the world. •- .
There is a strong possibility that the
St. Francis Hotel, on Powell and Geary
streets, will be enlarged not only to take
in the, lot Juat north of the present struct
ure, which has been acquired by pur
chase, but that it will be extended the
same height and on the same . architect
ural, lines as the present large beginning,
until It takes in the entire frontage on
Powell street from Geary to Post and
running back on both Geary and Post
streets.
A contest of the will of the late Betsy
Wolff was inaugurated yesterday In the
Superior Court by. Rosa Wolff, daughter
of the deceased. The contestant claims
that, at the time the will 'was made her
mother was of unsound mind.
Daughter Contests Mother's Will.
. It has been announced at army head
quarters at Washington that the Second
and Fourteenth " Cavalry regiments and
the Seventh, Eighth, Twentieth and
Twenty-second Infantry regiments, now
stationed at the Presidio In this city, are
to be sent to the Philippines for ser
vice. The Second Cavalry will be sent In
about two weeks and the other regiments
are to follow shortly afterward.
This move was made in order to re
lieve several regiments now doing > duty
In the islands. These soldiers have been
away for a long time and are badly In
need of a rest from the long and tedious
campaign. It was decided to send the
Presidio regiments, so as to avoid the
difficulty and expense of outfitting re
cruits for service. / ¦ >
Cavalry and •--Infantry: ... Regiments
; Will Relieve Others Now Sta- -
tionedi in the Islands.
St. Francis May Extend
the Entire Length of
Powell Block.
MORE SOLDIERS TO BE
SENT TO PHILIPPINES
Eighteen bootblacks brought suits yes
terday in the Superior Court for an in
junction restraining the Board of Public
Works from removing their stands from
the streets, j They claim that the order di
recting the board to remove them. Is. an
Infringement ..upon their constitutional
rights. '
Bootblacks (Object to Order.
ENLARGE PLANS
FOR BIG HOTEL
Applications are coming In very slowly
for the civil service examination for
truckmen in the Fire £>*>Dartment to be
held on September 5. 1903. Only twelve
applications have been so far received
and the time for filing them will expire
next Saturday at 5 p. m.
Examination for Trackmen.
• J. K. HaywockLreturned yesterday from
Keswick,- Shasta County, where he had
been engaged for several weeks at the
request of the law department of Wash
ington, D. C, In making observations on
the action of the fumes from the works
of the Mountain Copper Company upon
the vegetation of the surrounding district
for the purposes of the trial of the suit
brought. by the Government to enjoin the
company from destroying the timber with
the sulphurous fumes from its flues.
Expert Haywood Returns.
Harry Elliott, a carpenter employed on
a new building at Bush and Leavenworth
streets, fell a distance of twenty feet from
a scaffold yesterday afternoon. He re
ceived a possible fracture of the skull, a
broken collarbone and was badly shaken
up. The attending physician at the Emer
gency Hospital says that Elliott's condi
tion ii^serlous.
W. J.* Murphy, a painter residing at 118
Sixth street, fell a distance of forty feet
yesterday afternoon while painting a
smtfkeetack at Folsom and Sixteenth
streets. He suffered a fracture of the left
leg and was treated at the City and
County Hospital.
George Rist, a painter, fell a distance of
twenty feet yesterday afternoon from a
scaffold at Eleventh and Railroad ave
nues. He sustained a fracture of the skull
and severe internal injuries which in all
probability will result in his death.
The injured man was taken to the Emer
gency Hospital and later was removed to
the City and County Hospital, where he
now lies in an unconscious condition?
Both Receive Fractured Skulls and
Their Injuries May Prove
Fatal.
CABPENTEB AND PAINTER
FALL FROM SCAFFOLDS
The City Engineer recommended the es
tablishment of grades on Twenty-first
avenue northerly from Lake street, and
filed a map showing the location of_a pro
posed right of way for an intercepting
sewer for the drainage of the blocks
northerly from Lake street, Sixteenth to
Twenty- fourth .avenues.
Regarding the petition of property
owners . that Buchanan and Webster
streets be graded between Hermann and
Market, the City Engineer reported that
the cost would be far in excess of one
half the assessed valuation of abutting
property and suggests that provision be
made for doing the work and assessing
the cost to a district.
Resolutions for private contracts were
adopted for the bituminlzlng of Twenty
third street between Dolores and Chatta
nooga; Twenty-fifth street between Fol
som and Treat avenue; Twenty-fourth
street between Vermont and San Bruno
avenue; Harrison street between Twen
ty-fourth and Twenty-fifth.
The specifications for the sprinkling,
repair and . maintenance of Point . Lobos
avenue were approved.
The Board of Public Works yesterday
declared forfeited the check for $240 de
posited .by Walter Cole after a contract
had been awarded to him to construct
sewers in the vicinity of Persia and
China avenues. Cole failed to enter into
the contract and consequently the check
was ordered deposited in the city treas
ury . In accordance with section 17, chap
ter 1, article 6 or the charter." This Is
the first instance on record of a check
having been confiscated ' by the city for
failure to assume a contract.-.
The board formally denied the applica
tion' of the Pioneer Automobile Company
for -a permit to erect a building four and
a half feet in excess of the legal height
at the corner of Golden Gate avenue and
Octavla street, although the Supervisors
had granted a permit by special ordi
nance which the Board of Public Works
holds is Illegal.
The" contract for macadamizing Arling
ton street was awarded to the San Fran
cisco Construction Company.
Another reason given by Mayor Schmitz
for not taking immediate action is that
Newhallhas only four and a half months
more to serve and he fails to see why
there should be any wild scrambling for
the office. Certain influences are at work
to force the .Mayor to take Newhall's
scalp, but his Honor is in no hurry to
grind the political axe9 of outside parties
who have failed to show any particular
Interest In his own welfare. .
"No officer of the city and county shall
absent himself from the State: but he
may once only during his term of office
so absent himself for a period of not more
than sixty days upon the written per
mission of the Mayor so to do. Viola
tion of this section shall be sufficient
cause for the removal of any officer vio
lating the same."
. Under the latter section official proof
would have to be produced that Newhall
had been absent from the State for more
than 'sixty , days. While proceedings for
his removal, which would be slow at best,
were under way he might return to the
city and In the event that he desired
to retain- the office could seek refuge be
hind the first section quoted on the plea
that h« had not been absent sixty days
without leave. Under that section New
ball would have until October 18 next to
come within its provisions. The point Is
a fine one, and Mayor Schmltz realizes
its force.
Mayor Schmltz stated yesterday that
he would not take up the matter , of Po
lice Commissioner . NewhaJl jj overstaying
his leave of absence for probably a month
and would probably not take action In
the premises at all. Newhall's leave of
Bixty days expired last Tuesday and he
had all day yesterday to put in an ap
pearance, but did not do so. • . ;¦
The language of the charter Is rather
ambiguous regarding the absence of city
officials, Mayor Schmitz thinks. He* points
to section 10 of article XVI headed "Mis
cellaneous," which says:
"An office becomes vacant when the in
cumbent • • • shall have been absent
from the State without leave for more
than sixty consecutive days." .
¦According to this language. It would
appear that Newhall would have to re
main away for an additional sixty-one
days in order tb be rendered amenable
to the section quoted, as he has had per
mission to be absent from the State for
sixty days, which has Just expired.
Again section 3 of the same chapter
says: <
Kis« Anita Martin to the Lincoln evening
school ; Miss Jennie Doyle to the Richmond
evening school (new class), and Mies E.- B.
Taylor to the Washington evening school.
John A. Lenahan, Miss Bertha Fahren
krug and Mrs. , M. M. Steuart were as
signed from the evening eligible list to the
evening substitute list.
Mrs. Ij. Scott was assigned to the un
graded class in. the Washington Grammar
School and Miss Rae Cohen to the Ham
ilton Evening School (new class).
The following assignments were made
from the evening substitute list:
Miss Alice Kedon was transferred from
the Starr King School to the John Swett
School.
Miss Annie J. Murphy was assigned to
Sie Lincoln Grammar School, Miss; Es-
Iher Wolf to the. Emerson School (new
class) and Miss Edith Cook to the Jrv
ing School.
Leaves of absence were granted to Mar
garet A. Smith, Helen D. Conlan and
Miss Alice Chalmers. .
The resignation of Annie H. Allen, a
teacher In the department, was accepted.
Resolved, That this board set aside the sum
9f $100 to defray the expenses of testing charts,
audiometers, etc., for the proper conduct of
such tettlng.
Whereas, Recent Investigations of eyesight
and hearing among school children show a large
percentage of defects among children, and
Whereas, The early discovery and treatment
of such defects is important for. the health of
individual children and necessary for their beFt
intellectual development, and
Whereas, The American Medical Association
and various, other representative medical and
educational bodies have recommendd the test
ing of eyesight and hearing among children for
thf» discovery of defects; be it
Resolved. That this Board of Education pro
vide for a system of testing for defects in sight
and hrarlpg that parents may remedy the same
if they wish and teachers consider such de
.fecta in tin* oral and visual teaching of their
children, and be it further ; •
The Board of Education yesterday
adopted the following resolution Intro
duced by Superintendent of Schools Lang
don providing for a system of testing the
sight and hearing of pupils by the teach
ers: •':..• 'i v
Charter Provision Gives Ab
sentee Until October 18
to Return.
Assign Several Teachers to
Classes and Accepts One
Resignation.
Permit to Erecfc Building in
Excess of Legal Height
Is Denied.
Fails . to Enter Into a
Contract Awarded by
Board of Works.
May Not Name Succes
sor to Police Commis
sioner NewhalL
School Board Adopts a
Rule to Govern All
Pupils.
WILL HAVE EYE
AND EAR TESTED
MAYOR UNWILLING
TO TAKE ACTION
UMUCKY BIDDER
FORFEITS CHECK
1 •< . . - ¦ ¦ . r , * . . . ¦ ¦ ¦. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIj, THURSDAY, AUGTUST 20, 1903.
16
• ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I VTO0F CT OSFD 1
| ON ACCOUNT OF FIRE. |
I Due Notice Will Be Given of t
1 , Reopening. |
ADVZBTISEMEUTSw
HIGH GRADE
Muslin Underwear
A MATCHLESS SALE
11 11
I Corset Covers
4~ Made of GOOD MUSLIN.
lUC Round NECK.
*F Good Qyality Muslin. Neck
IOC ' trimmed with embroidery.
/j/T Made of ' CAMBRIC. Round
£.00 neck, trimmed with Torchon
LACE. . Ribbon run through
bead ins.
f\p Nainsook Corset Cover. Neck.
JO C front and armholea trimmed
with Lace Insertion. French
style.
m n NainBOok Corset Cover. Yoke
£L jjQ and front formed of tucks and
lace insertings. Ribbon run
through beading.
II , ¦
Muslin Petticoats
SPECIAL VALUES AT
38c, 65c- 95c and [$1.20
About 75 good styles to select
from. Made of good cambric, with
umbrella ruffles and trimmed with
insef tings \of Torchon lace. Some
are trimmed with embroidery ruf-
fles and hemstitched tucks. They
are. all well "made, full and .very
wide and equal in every way to
home made.
UNSURPASSED SALE OF
Drawers
6 SPECIAL VALUES
19c, 25c. 30c, 35c, 40c, 48c
Drawers are made full size. -Yoke
bands. Deep umbrefta ruffles with
clusters of tucks and hemstitching.
Finished v/ith deep hem. Made of
cambric, r.nd muslin. Some are"
trimmed with Point de Paris lace.
50 Elaborate Styles to select from.
The Daintiest Gowns
You Ever Saw
. Oil SPECIAL SALE AT
38c,65c/75c,85c,95c, $1.20
Our Gowns of fine nainsook, aAd-
cambric are made with low,"" square
or high neck. Trimmed with lace,
embroidery insertings. and clus-
tered tucks.
THIS SALE OF MUSLIN UNDERWEAR
WILL ECLIPSE ALL OTHER EFFOR TS
AT VALUE GIVING. V
Trading Stamps I Given With " Every Pur-
chase. Send for Our Illustrated Catalogue.
.V 1220, 1222, 122i Maiict St
V "/BET;" TAYLOR AND JONES. ,
.for Linings. *!= \^^£*n****. Gooe&j*^ *
The Hale way.
Selling goods on their merits.
Thinking more of what we are giving you than what you
are giving us.
' We are offering yoa all kinds of opportunities this month to try us.
What harder test can a store be put to than in BLACK SILKS or TA-
BLE LINENS? Yet we are meeting with our biggest success.
In Table Linens. In Black Silks.
33c for all-white, all-linen - cloth Those $1.25 and $1.50 soft French
is the first offer. Then an un- Peau de Cygnes are 90c and $1.10.
bleached one (66 in.), 45c. And $1.00 taffetas (27 in.) are only 80c.
another unbleached one at 50c. And The ooc taffetas are 70c. The 75c
a white satin finished one at 65c. taffetas are 60c. And the 50c one3
Other white damasks at 75c and are but 40c.
$1.00. Just as good qualities in every
They're all extra values just now. way as full prices can buy.
It's Pocket Books German Eiderdowns
(To-day.) Are I5C a yar<J ,
The leather section has many Those good heavy ones, from
good things now in wrist bags, which women like to make kimonas
& . & ° ' and dressing sacquca. Hosts of
SUlt Cases, purses and pocket- new patterns will be shown to-day
books. Only space here for the —dots, stripes and figures, in dainty
1 * . blues, creams, pinks, lavenders; in
latter. f ac t, any particular shade you like
A Combination Pocketbook for a in here.
have Tapl "nfclipf ' **" '"" Tenni * **'"*'* at 8 * C -
Children's Pocketbook, 25c — Sil- Are the new Fall ideas — pinks and
ver-mounted corners and card blues, in stripes.
pocket. X '¦
Gent's Coin Purse, 25c — Has a
chamois lining and double pockets. It S to be a great day for
Looks like alligator. W*..- Jl,«^^u:«^
Woman's Combination Pocket- nandKerCnieiS.
book and Card Case in walrus, with Women's and children's.
wr?U« n i5 ?. CO ™ erS ' $I "°°". Hundreds of new and • pretty
We also have now styIcSf whh cmbroidcry an / Iac 4
Wrist Bags to Sell trimming. Will be about half price.
For $1 23. With oxidized metal trams , ,/ ilV"^ Kr > . m ,/
and chain, silk lining and extra Inside &AZ* WOrtn 5C and 7^5 C.
¦SuSeSSE.™ f6lt "^ gMBg " SPCC - S r o C r°ac r : ld b e o7de" d ~
Writing Tablets 75c. *• worth 8}ic and 10c.
In grain leather with safety ink Lawns in hemstitched styles, fancy cor-
stand, blotter and place for paper and ners; others with lace Insertion In th« cor-
envelopes. It's a handy combination ners; others with lace borders; still others
for folks who are traveling. with fancy open embroidery borders.
Percales We Gan Sell 7^c, worth i2^c.
o Dainty lawns, with scalloped and «m-
Sv OC. broidered borders; lace border style* with
Same quality we usually have at S^TJSLSSS 2^°3S 5££
I2^c. The mill gave us a bargain. ered cornera or tn the bor-
We give it to you. ders.
They're full 36-in. wide; up to the _ .
mark in every way. The grounds yc> wor t n *5C«
are mostly white, with small Stripes Lawns. Valenciennes lao» borders, lace
and figures fixed up in many pretty 55? SST'IS!
ways. • ... • • other hemstitched Ideas or rows of hem-
8 cents a yard this morning. stitching- In fancy embroidered corners.
Hale's, 979, on Market Street, near Sixth.
fU If Ml \| S9 EJ3 1 "9 " I-ij
Lvb 4 \J A V il 1 ll U Nk I 1
{MSil i s » Yi« "?•w/iwl-j
Knfo^B ¦ M O I B \ -*{fa&" it
ShSwH • ¦ 4 H Be, Xwfs ¦ v!
39 STOCKTON SXSSZT.
Telephone aiala 5533.
On account of the great demand for gro-
ceries this week some houses have ad-
vanced prices, but we will protect our cus-
tomers and offer everything at the old fig-
ure*.
Thursday, Friday and Saturday
SPECIALS.
CREAMED Y BUTTER, per square ¦ 40c
reg-. 43c
The mountain tatter, bo much desired.
KONA COFFEE, per Ib ..... 20c
' Roast or srround. rey. 25c
One of our most successful specials.
Eastern Sugar-Cvrcd Hams, per Ib. 16k
-.The Ideal Brand. - rep- ITI3C
CANNED ASPARAGUS, per can. .20c
Hlckmotfs or S. ft W. brand. regr. 23c
California CSEAM CHEESE, per lb- 15c
Full cream. res;. 20c
ADMOUR'S LABD—
- <•-'¦¦ 3-lb. 6-n>. 10-lb cans:
Special, 4Oc. 63e, 91.3O
res. 45C. 75c. |1.40
LEMONS, per dozen 15c
Nice Santa Barbara stock. reg*. 20c
SARDINES, in oil, per can 10c
Genuine Imported. reg;. 12%c
MASON FRUIT JARS—
Fts. Qts. H-Gal
Special, 43c, 63e. 8Oe
ree. 50c. v 60c. S5c
FAMILY BOURBON. bot 60c, *al $150
reg. 73c and $3.00
A popular whiskey at a low figure.
HOLLAND GIN, per bot 75c
excellent for medicinal use. res; .$1.00
FINE OLD RYE. per bot 75c, gal $3.00
re?. $1.00 and $4.00
Old Ryes are getting very scarce.
Mvscatel or Angelica . • bot 25c, aal $1
Fine family wines. reg. 33c and $1.50
ORDERS SOLICITED. ¦ '> ¦;•¦
Thin babies become plump
babies when fed with Mellin's
Food. Mellin's Food nour-
' « ¦¦¦' t&:
ishes.
Whether yoa nurse your baby or nse Me!- •
Un's Food you will find our book, "The
Care and Feeding of Infants," very useful.
Simply write for it. It will be sent free.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON. MASS.
>.;:¦:¦ '•¦ \ ¦ ¦¦¦; .-^v^^*,^ '....:. .^~....... ?**- - :> -¦ ¦ -P.TA'^'Xv.U
Body SO laches long. 7 Inches deep; 1%-tach
axles Ions distance: wheels lV&-lnch; A-8Tad»
BDrtnss. oil tftmpered; nicely trimmed and On.
1 . 3 $49.50
Allison, Neff & Co.,
222 MISSION STREET,
San Francisco. CaL
j CUTLERy
I UMmmmmB
ADVERTISEMENTS. : : -•' ' . ; .
THE SALESWOMAN
Compelled to Be on Her Feet the Larger Part of
the Day Fincjs a Tonic in Pe-ru-na.
Miss Curtain, of St g^S^ J,. " ¦ .JJUI
j^ffi»^S|^^^^JO^,l^^UyJrtion of mucus. Whether the mucous
/^UwiiKFla /vV//^i>£c^VVvVwJ^\ membrane e located in the head or pel-
This discharge of mucus constitutes a
weakening drain; the system cannot long
ij it -) Y withstand the loss of mucus, hence it is
Jv^ISj J»Slll£ ClJrtein ) that afflicted with catarrhal
"' Win >^y affections • of the pelvic organs feel tired
V^ and languid, with weak back and throb-
Mtcc vttt t Tr rrnTiTV fufi T>onri bing brain. A course of Peruna is sure
1?t»£ tt Paul l£nn head satel- t0 restore health by cutting off the weak-
w^malx fn a department storef wrHel: «!n* drain of the daily, loss of mucus.
: "I havo charge of a department in a An Admirable Tonic.
dry goods Store, and after standing Congressman Mark H. Dunnell, Nation-
the larger part of the day, I would go al Hotel » Washington, d. c, writes:
home With a dull ache, generally a^many'o^myirfendrlnd^accjuafn!-
through my entire body. '"sejtPe- h £^ £«%&*%
rana ana feel SO much oetter tnat I recuperation, I gladly recommend it to
walk to and from the store no*. / |i 1 ar S e H?Dunneii i . ring such ¦ reraedles -"-
htOW Peruna to be the best medicine u you do not derive prompt and satis-
on the market forthe diseases peculiar the^of
to women. — MISS Nellie Curtain. full statement of your case and he will
Nothing is so weakening to the human *>e Pleased to give you his, valuable ad-
Byetem a* the constant loss of mucus. f Ice gTatis.
Catarrhal inflammation of the mucous ! Address Dr. Hartman, President of The
membrane produces an excessive forma- Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, Ohio.
Highly polished mahogany Divan, beautiful design, nicely up-
holstered in heavy silk tapestry or verona, all colors, to blend
with any scheme of parlor decoration; only .JflO.25
Our stock of parlor furniture is the largest on the coast, and
embraces a wide variety of the latest styles and designs. See the
new goods and compare prices. We pay no rent and did not join <
the carpet combine — two reasons why we can save you money on
furniture and carpets.
CASH OR LITTLE AT A TIME. j
The J. Noonan Furniture Co.,
&&! 1017-1023 MISSION ST. £&££