JECRETARY HAY scored a splendid diplomatic triumph
yesterday, when Russia's representative in Washington
put into zvriting a pledge from his Government that it would
not oppose the opening of Manchurian ports to trade. The
victory zvas the greater for the reason that the State Depart'
ment, putting aside selfish considerations, zvon this concession
not for the United States alone, but for all nations.
Ml Nations Profit by Concession
to the United States.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
LOS ANGELES, July 16.— The Farmers'
and Merchants' National Bank and the
First National Bank, both of Los Angeles,
are to be combined to form what will be
one of the largest if not the largest finan
cial institution In this part of the coun
try. At a joint meeting of the directors
of the two Concerns held to-day definite
plans for uniting the two banks were
completed, and all that is now required
Is the ratification of these plans by the
'stockholders, and there is no doubt as to
their "approval of the plan.
The First National Bank will change Its*
name to "The. First and Farmers" and
Merchants" National , Bank of Los An
geles." Its capital stock will be increased
to $2,000,000, and it will have a paid up
surplus of $300,000. It will acquire the as
sets, business and good will of the Farm
ers', and Merchants' National Bank of Los
Angeles and will be the largest national
bank in California— In fact, in the West—
with gross assets amounting to about $15.
000,000.
The officers from the consolidated bank
will be selected from the two institutions.
.11 W.« Hellman will be president (he Is
now president of the Farmers' and Mer
chants' National), John M. Elliott vice
BANKS PLAN
BIG MERGER
OF MILLIONS
SOVEREIGN AND DIPLOMAT CONCERNED IN THE SETTLEMENT
• OF THE MANCHURIAN IMBROGLIO. AND SCENES IN THE EAST
ERN PROVINCE THAT IS TO BE OPENED TO TRADE.
The negotiations which have terminated
so successfully to-day— so far as broad
lines are concerned, for only details re
main to be adjusted— were practically
brought to their present phase by Secre
tary Hay and Count Cassinl at a meeting
at the Russian embassy on June 2S. tha
day before the Secretary, departed for
Newport. The Embassador ' then had in
hand the necessary authorization from his
own Government to make the pledges
which are now In process of redemption.
The pledges were reduced to writing by
Hansen, the Russian Charge, during his
call at the State Department to-day. It
now remains for Minister Conger to de
fine in the trade treaty which h© Is ne-
It now develops that the meeting of
Russian officials at Port Arthur. Just con
cluded, was but one of the steps, though,
an important one. which the St. Peters
burg Government had planned in the exe
cution of its purpose to place matters ot
international administration in Manchurta
In such condition that the ports desired
by the United States and Japan could bo
opened to trade without causing disturb
ance or involving undue sacrifice of prop
er Russian Interests. It already haa been
represented that much of the friction that
had grown out of the Manchurian ques
tion was caused by a sort of triple yet in
dependent administration of affairs In
Manchuria by representatives of the dif
ferent branches of the Russian Govern
ment. The result was that one official
would not feel bound by the pledges made
by another, so that foreign nations com
plained of bad faith. It Is understood
that now. following the Port Arthur con
ference, a compact and responsible direc
tion of affairs' has been arranged for, and
orders Issued from St. Petersburg are cer
tain to meet speedy and exact compli
ance. Although no set time is mentioned
In the promise to open the ports, it Is be
lieved that this will follow soon after tha
Russian evacuation In September.
PLEDGES ARE IN WRITING.
FIRST STEP BY RUSSIA.
The ports to be opened are not yet spec-
Wed, but it is supposed they are Mouk
den, the principal port of Manchuria, and
Tatungkao. at the mouth of the Ya!u
River. The State Department Is highly
gratified at this outcome, feeling that It
has obtained not only for American com
merce, but for the commerce of the world
at large, very substantial gains.
ances have been received
from the Chinese Government that it will
in the near future open as treaty ports
several ports now closed to the world 1 s
trade. The Russian Government has con
veyed formal assurance to the United
States Government that it will not In any
way oppose such opening.
w y WASHINGTON, July 16.-The>
B 8 / Manchurian question has
MJKy been settled satisfactorily to
this Government. Assur-
American Protestant churches most ac
ceptable.
"With true sentiments of esteem, I re
main, your devoted servant,
"QIACOMA DELLACHIESA,
"Substitute Secretary of State.
"Rome, July 16_ 1903."
The Pope was much pleased when Car
dinal Rampolla informed him of the uni
versal manifestation of sympathy toward
his Holiness, coming from all, even from
non-Catholic/ . . ...
Plan to Make It the Most Expensive
Social Organization in the
Country.
NEW YORK, July 16.— A new social or
ganization to be known as the Brook Club
is being formed. The irembership will
be limited to 200 and it probably will be
the most expensive and exclusive club
in the country. English methods will
prevail and the dues will bar all ex
cept millionaires from joining. The doors
will never be closed and lunches will be
served at all hours — an innovation in club
dom. Only the most representative men
of other cities will be asked to join.
NEW YORK MILLIONAIRES
FORM AN EXCLUSIVE CLUB
NOT GUILTY OF HER
BABY SISTER'S DEATH
When Maud Jordine Is Released
Crowd Hoots Detective
Butler.
BLOOMINGTON, 111., July 16.— Maud
Jordine walked out of the McLean Coun
ty courtroom a free girl this afternoon.
Justice A. B. Helneman declared her not
guilty of the murder of her baby sister
last Thursday evening. The hearing last
ed less than two hours.
There was a sensational climax when
the result was announced. Hisses and
howls greeted J. P. Butler, the detective
who made the arrest, while there were
cheers and congratulations for the fair
prisoner. There was some fear expressed
that overexcited friends of the girl
might offer personal violence to the of
ficer, but fortunately nothing of the kind
took place.
The evidence presented was calculated
to show that Maud had expressed her
loathing of the task of caring for the
baby and that she did not intend to keep
up this sort of work always.
Cuban Senate Ratifies the Treaties.
HAVANA, July 16.— The Senate to-night
ratified 'ajl the treaties with the United
States except the Platt amendment
NEW YORK, July 16. -Charles S.'Stern.
who, In 1896, while engaged in a banking
business in this city, disappeared with
$12,000 of the bank's money, appeared in
court to-day to receive sentence. Stern
told the court that he had traveled all
over the world, but misfortune had fol
lowed him and he could stand the dis
grace no logger. To-day the only one of
five original complainants who could bo
secured appeared In court and asked for
clemency for Stern. The court granted
the request and paroled Stern.
PENITENT DEFAULTER
IS GRANTED CLEMENCY
Admits His Crime and Is Paroled at
the Request of a Man He
' Defrauded.
HONOLULU, July 16.— Charges have
been made In the press that the vouchers
of expenses of the last regular session of
the House of Representatives have either
been concealed or dstroyed. Demands
have been made for their publication and
allegations are made that scandalous rev
elations would be the result of publicity.
Clerk Meheula of the House denies that
the vouchers are in his possession.
As an outcome of dissatisfaction exist
ing in certain political quarters the or
ganization of a citizens' party for the
coming county elections Is proposed.
HAWAIIAN LEGISLATORS
ARE INVOLVED IN SCANDAL
Vouchers of Expenses of the Last
House of Representatives Can
not Be Found.
The American side of the question, as
given by the United States Embassy, says
the Dally Chronicle, is that the islands
are undoubtedly American by right of
conquest, having belonged to the Philip
pine*, and the Sultan of Sulu having con
firmed and acknowledged American su
premacy over the islands, the course
taken was to demonstrate America's right
and establish a more clearly defined line
between the American possessions in the
Philippines and Sulu Sea and the territo
ries of the British Borneo Company.
The islands had never been occupied by
any European nation, and it is unknown
whether Spain ever recognized the trading
treaty that existed between the Borneo
Company and the inhabitants of the Isl
ands.
The Islands concerned, says the paper,
are a group of seven which originally be
longed to the Sultan of Sulu, from whom
thoy passed by a charter in 1881 to the
control of the British North Borneo Com
pany, whose officers confirm that they are
undoubtedly British territory. They are
Insignificant in size, but of the highest
strategic importance, dominating Sanakan
Harbor and Labukay.
LONDON. July 17.— According to the
Daily Chronicle the action of America in
annexing the islands of Borneo raises an
exceedingly delicate situation and the
British Foreign Office has asked Wasn-
Ington for an explanation.
Asks for an Explanation of the An
nexation of the Islands
of Borneo.
ENGLAND IS DISTURBED
AND WRITES TO UNCLE SAM
The very great desire always felt by
his Holiness for the leunlon of the dis
•ident churches will certainly render this
lemonstratioa of the interest of the
"Dear Sir: The communication for
warded by you has been most gratifying
to the Cardinal secretary of state, my
master. Hi. Eminence hopes that the
holy fathers health will allow him, when
the opportune moment comes, to Inform
his Holiness of the contents of the tele
gram.
A telegram from the Associated Press
having been forwarded to Cardinal Ram
polla. informing him that on Sunday, July
12. prayers were offered In Protestant
churches in the United States for the
recovery of p O p e Leo. the Cardinal has
replied through the following letter from
the secretaryship of state of his Holi
ness:
SYMPATHY OF AMERICA.
No one was admitted to the sick room
yesterday except the Cardinal secretary
of state, who was allowed in only on
the repeated request of Pope Leo. who
said to him that he desired to confirm
and extend the power his Eminence al
ready exercised because of his position,
and authorized him to take measures
which, in ordinary times, would necessi
tate the direct intervention of the Pon
tiff, "in recognition of his personal devo
tion to the Pontiff and the services he
had rendered to the church."
Later the Pope was sufficiently at ease
to receive Cardinal Rampolla, and his
Holiness conferred upon him the enlarged
authority made necessary by the pres
ent Illness for the executive administra
tion of papal affairs. It is understood
that one result of this action probably
will be the speedy appointment of a suc
cessor to Mgr. Volpini as secretary of the
consistorial congregation.
POPE'S TBUST IN RAMPOLLA.
The tenacity of Pope Leo is most ad
mirable, not only in his organism but
even in hie feellne. The best example
thereof perhaps is the continual proofs of
confidence that his Holiness bestows on
Cardinal Rampolla, who after faithfully
serving the Pope sixteen years is now
being made the object of bitter attacks,
especially during the late period, because
of the Francophile attitude of the pa
pacy. The Pontiff seems to have had
an intuition that while he lies with one
foot in the grave Cardinal Rampolla's
adversaries are beginning to take advan
tage cf his tottering power to pull .down
the idol which until yesterday they wor
shiped, so his Holiness leaves nothing
unattempted to show the world up to the
last moment how much he trusts his sec
retary of state. <
Meantime the Pope continued in a state
of great depression. Thanks to his fair
ly good afternoon's sleep, the physicians
were able to issue a bulletin at 7:25 o'clock
in the evening showing that there had
been no vital change in the normal pro
press cf the disease, though the same
serious rapidity of respiration as was no
ticed in the morning had to be again re
corded. So painful had the latter be
come that one of those present in the
sick room described the Pontiff as liter
ally pantine for his life's breath.
HIS BREATHING PAINFUL.
ROME. July 17. 2:55 a. m.— The Pope's
condition this morning is even le«s sat
isfactory than yesterday morning and he
suffered from much uneasiness and diffi
culty in breathing until relieved to some
extent by an injection of caffeine. The
new crisis in the Pope's condition pre
sented itself yesterday, when the doctors
were confronted on the one hand with
the apparently imperative necessity of an
operation and on the othrr with the dan
ger that euch an operation might prove
fatal. This dilemma was canvassed by
Dr. Lappor.i and Dr. Iklazzoni throughout
the day. At their earner conference there
was seme prospect that the operation
nn^i.t uot occur, and the doctors left the
sick room without arriving at a definite
determination as to when it should take
place. They expressed the belief, how
ever, that a delay until to-day would
serve a useful purpose In permitting a
larger extraction of serum in case the
operation were undertaken.
ROME, July 17, 3 a. m.
During the night the
Pope was greatly dis
turbed by the difficulty he
experienced in breathing
and was very restless. At
2 o'clock Dr. L«"ipponi again
had recourse, with bene
ficial results, to an injec
tion of caffeine, which had
not been used in some days
because of the Pope's dis
like for it.
. NEW BRUNSWICK. N. J.. July 16.—
Frederick Nelson of Newmarket, a
brother of Mrs. Charles Fair, who was
killed in an automobile accident abroad,
had a narrow escape from a similar death
to-day. Nelson and a friend named Tits
worth were returning from the seashore
In an automobile. When near this city
the brakes refused to work and the ma
chin I 'rushed down a hill and dashed Into
a tree, badly bruising and stunning both
men and wrecking the automobile.
The prisoners protested against being
arrested, declaring that they were house
holders and married men and not likely
?to evade the judicial Investigation. Nev
ertheless they were detained in custody.
The prisoners testified that they were
the only witnesses of the automobile ac
cident, but the local paper recalls that
Mae. Hourdet, the wife of the janitor of
the chateau in front of which the Fairs
were killed, declared that sh<j was th*5
only person who paw the catastrophe.
NEW YORK. July 16.— The two French
men who testified on behalf of Mrs. Nel
son in the Fair 'case were named Paul
Germaine Mas and Alfred Jules Moranne.
The officials refused to reveal the names
of the arrested men, but a local paper
announces them as "Louis M and
Frederick N ," who testified before the
New York authorities. The charge of per
jury, according to this journal, was
brought against them by Mrs. William
K. Vanderbilt Jr., and the magistrate
here, acting on Instructions from New
York, issued the warrants for" their ar
rest. .
PARIS. July 16.— A new development
has arisen in the matter of the claims to
the Inheritance of Mr. and Mrs. Charles
L. Fair, who were killed In an accident
In Pacy-Sur-Eure, France, last August
The Judicial authorities of the Depart
ment of the Seine have been informed
that the testimony given by alleged eye
witnesses of the fatal accident contained
contradictions and is open to the suspi
cion of having been Inspired by a party
to the suit. A Paris magistrate was ap
pointed to make an investigation, as the
result of which* two persons were arrest
ed yesterday afternoon on the charge of
perjury-
CHICAGO, July 16.— The passage of the
Illinois Telephone and Telegraph Com
pany tunnel ordinance early this morning
by the City Council after one of the long
est and hottest sessions In the history of
that body opens up a wonderful scheme
"for honeycombing the city wiUi tunnels
for the transportation of merchandise, do
ing away with 75 per cent of the teaming
and with all downtown freight yards and
freight houses. As a consequence the
downtown streets will be relieved of the
congestion that now exists. «
This great work Is to cost 115,000,000, and
includes, besides the present system of
tunnels bored by the Illinois Telephone
and Telegraph Company, a twelve-mile
tunnel twelve by fourteen feet running
out to the Stickney tract, in the southwest
part of the city, where is located the Im
mense system of switches designed for a
freight clearing-house for all of the twen
ty-three railroads running into Chicago.
A system of branch tunnels running Into
all of the big mercantile houses, whole
sale and retail, and factories will permit
of freight being transported directly from
the great freight clearing-house to the
mercantile houses, and vice versa, without
appearing on the streets of the city.
The branch tunnels to the buildings will
have immense elevators, that will bring
freight cars directly into the basements
for loading and unloading. All freight
will be carried on ten-foot electric cars
running at a high rate of speed.
Arrangements will be made for "rapid
delivery of goods within the city from
large department and other stores by
means of these tunnels. A parcel delivery
system will be established and connection
made for the benefit of outlying markets
and groceries, so that produce can be de
. livered to them from South Water street.
"With such an immense amount of team-
Ing removed from the streets the street
car service can be greatly improved, and
the necessity for a subway, at least for
years, done away with.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Charge Against Them Is
Preferred by Mrs. W. K.
Vanderbilt Jr.
Underground Electric Cars
to Replace Delivery
Wagons.
His Difficulty in Breathing
Becomes More Pro
nounced.
Danger That Patient
Cannot Survive
the OrdeaL
Will Do Away With
Teaming on Main
Streets.
Two Parisians Jailed on
Instructions From
New York,
Chicago Attempts
a Remarkable
Project.
Arrests in Connec
tion With the
Fair Case.
Another Operation
Is Considered
Necessary.!
WITNESSES
ARE ACCUSED
OF PERJURY
NEW CRISIS
IN PONTIFF'S
CONDITION
HONEYCOMB
OF TUNNELS
UNDER CITY
Abner McKinley.Is Dangerously. HI.
JOHNSTOWN/ Pa., July 16.— Abner Mc-
Klnley' is /reported : dangerously ill at
Bonwset with Dawlists
A large,' oak '. beam," ten fet long, six
inches wide and twenty inches thick, had
been placed across the rails and was not
observed until Engineer Ritchie was al
most upon it. The. local trains run rapid
ly at this point and had it not, been. for
the watchfulness of Ritchie the train
would have been ditched. .
Ritchie had. just come out. of the Corte
Madera* tunnel and was flying around a
curve when he: saw the obstruction. He
put the air brakes on at once, but could
not come to a full stop before he struck
the timber. The engine's pony truck went
over the block,; but fortunately dropped
upon the rails on, the other side and be
fore the drive wheels struck it the loco
motive was stopped. \ 'y^
The" affair; was at once reported to the
railroad '• officials : and they have put de
tectives to work upon the case. .-
SAN . RAFAEL, July 16.— An attempt
was made to-day to wreck a North Shore
passenger train. It was the one. leaving
San Rafael at 2:20 o'clock and it>an into
an obstruction on a dangerous curve near
Alto Station. •. ..
Special Dispatch to The Call,
FAST TRAIN
CRUSHES INTO
OAKEN PLANK
Continued on Page 5, Column S.
Continued on Page 2, C^olumrf 6.
Continued on Page ¦ 2, Column 2.
When in 1 1863 ..that . great single labor
power, the Brotherhood of Locomotive
Engineers; was formed he was one of the
foremost leaders :.: In the movement-' and
afterward did much, toward making: it
what it. now is, the strongest* and most
conservative organization in the, world.
As a reward for 'these labors and , to
show their ; faith -In his Judgment .and as
tribute to f his ] rare executive j powers the
members of s the brotherhood . made him
grand master of the order in 1X73, "when
that office was made vacant by the death
of Grand Chief Blanchard.
Not 'only 'was 'Arthur; looked | up to and
respected j by ' men among whom ,he , was
Scotland was the birthplace of - Peter
M. Arthur seventy-two years ago, but he
was justly entitled to be called anAmeri;
can, for he came here at a time when
this' country needed just such men as he
proved to be. Although but a lad when
he first set foot upon these shores he
went to work in the shops of the«New
York and Harlem Railroad Company as
blacksmith's helper. There ho* became
Interested in machinery and ultimately
learned that trade. He [ also v made his
start as an engineer there, beginning as
an engineer's wiper and J3ervlnp his en
tire apprenticeship, to the end of manning
the throttle ' himself on the New < York
Central. ' .
Special Dispatch to The Call
WINNIPEG. Man.. July 16.— P. M. Ar
thur, grand chief engineer of the Brother
hood of Locomotive Engineers, dropped
dead at midnight while speaking at a
banq'et closing the annual union conven
tion of the Brotherhood of Locomotive
Engin«.-rs, which has been in session for
the past few days. Arthur had just risen
to respond to a toast and repeated ''the
words, "It may be my parting words . to
many of you," when he fell backward and
expired a few minutes afterward. . : ¦ ¦
P. M. ARTHUR
FALLS DEAD
AT BANQUET
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, JULY 17, 1003.
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 47.
AMERICA SCORES DIPLOMATIC TRIUMPH
IN GAINING RUSSIA'S PLEDGE TO PERMIT
CHINA TO OPEN PORTS OF MANCHURIA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Chorus of neighbors—"I'd have had It a
shade.lighter." '.'Seems a'little glaring,
doesn't it?" "It Taln't so tastesful as
Jones'.'; "What, you're paying $125 for
that?'-!' "That color won't wear." "Why
didn't you wajt till fall?" . "It looks like
rain; so sorry for you."—Chicago News..: I
"Not going to Newport this year? Why.
I thought you were becoming so promi
nent socially that you simply had-to go
there."
"No, our social prominence is so well
established now that we don't have to go
anywhere."—Philadelphia Public. Ledger.
The entire command, excepting Com
panies R and T. will, assemble at the old
headquarters;' 1S27 Market: street, on Sat-
The advance guard of the League of the
Cross Cadets left for- Santa Clara yes
terday on the 3:30 train to prepare the en
campment for the coming of the regiment
on Saturday next. There were forty, men
in the squad in command of Captain
Thomas Eccles of Company H. Two men
from each company, in the regiment were
assigned to the detail. Lieutenant Thomp
son of Company A will also assist in the
work. Lieutenant*^ James O'Dea of the
medical "corps .'and. Quartermaster Lee
Drosselfaccompanied the cadets in order
to' flf up' the ' ho'epital tents. Lieutenant
O'Dea . is ''a graduate . physician -and < will
look after, the, ca.re ; of the cadets until
the arrival of. Dr. Morrisey, who Is sur
geon of tKe organization. Sergeant Sam
Manlton went down to look after the in
terests of the band. ";
INDIANA, Pa., July 16.— Margaret
Barkley. aged 11 years, daughter of John
M. Barkley, a farmer, was attacked Ia3t
night by Frank* Will, a tramp, whilfe she
was returning from the postofflce. The
child's . father, accompanied by a num
ber of others, found the tramp secreted
in a house nearby and in attempting to
escape he was . probably fatally shot by
Barkley. To prevent a lynching by farm
ers who fame In from the surrounding
country, the wounded man was brought
to Indiana and placed in the county Jail.
The girl's condition is serious.
Farmers Afterward Plan to Lynch
tho Culprit and the Sheriff
Spirits Him Away. .
TRAMP ATTACKS A GIRL
AND IS SHOT BY FATHER
Five-year-old Serena Perkins owes her
life to the fact that she was kicked' by a
mule. The little girl, who is the daughter
of J. Will Perkins, a prominent merchant,
started to run across the street In front
of her horrfe. when a team of' mules ap
proached drawing a load Of heavy saw
logs. Running against one of the mules,
she dropped to the ground In the path of
the h«aw wheels.
A number of persons turned their heads
away to avoid seeing her crnnhed to
death. The mule, however, gave a vigor
ous kick, striking the girl and moving her
out of the path of the wagon. Her legs
are slightly bruised, but otherwise she is
uninjured. — Baltimore American. ¦
Mule's Kick Saved Life.
Arthur resided in Cleveland, where, he
was held In the greatest esteem. Senator
Depew said he was the cleverest labor
champion in the country: but be this as It
may, Arthur, certainly has prevented the
rai'.road employes of the United States
making many grievous errors of judg
ment, and he ha6 held his position with
great success to the order and with sig
nal honor to himself.
Strikes were Arthur's abomination: he
always discountenanced them. He did
not believe that the motto of the order he
represented could be lived up to If such
events w*;re' allowed or encouraged. This
motto if "Sobriety, truth, justice and
morality."
the acknowledged leader, but he enjoyed
the confidence of the entire railroad di
rectorates of the country. So true ivas
this that he could go to any railroad
magnate in the land and at any time get
for his followers any concession that they
could In reason demand..
Continued From Page 1, Column" 5.
STANFORD fNlVKUSITT. July 16— The
Stanford Chapter of the Kappa Alpha Theta
Fraternity ¦will be rfprfSf-ntKl at the national
fraternity convention In Augurt by Miss Lil
lian Pearl Grtcn. A. U.. Stanford '«>». Miss
r>rK>n Wt hf>re t->-<2ay for the University of
Minnesota, where .the convention 1* to be held.
ST. PETEltSBUHG. July 16.— The steamer
Na<iejka, plying on the Volga, has been de
rtroyed by flre near Nlzhniy-Novogorod.
Twelve persons were burned to death.
The appointment was kept,. but before
the two had proceeded, far Brown ap
peared with a wagon spoke and rushed
upon Seiberllch.' dealing him' two heavy
blows and inflicting severe injuries. '
Policeman Riehl appeared on the scene
and Brown was removed to the City
Prison, where he was searched' and. a
large revolver was found on his person.
Seiberllch was taken to the hospital for
treatment. 1 . ,
Frank G. Seibeflich of 920 Mission street
and a former friend of Brown's, both
having been employed as oilers by the
Spring Valley Water Works, is, partly the
cause of Brown's misfortune. .
Some time ago Brown introduced Seiber
llch to hl» wife and ever since then
Brown has suspected they have been
meeting by engagement. Last night he
compelled, his wife to telephone to Seiber
lich and arrange a meeting with her at
the corner of California and Kearny
streets.
Edward Brown, who lives at 607 Valen
cia street, was arfested by Officer A. H.
Rlehl at the corner of California and
Kearny streets late last , night and
charged with assault with a deadly wea
pon and with carrying a concealed wea
pon.
SERIOUS CHARGES BOOKED
AGAINST EDWARD BROWN
president and manager (he is now presi
dent of the First National) and Mr.
Graves junior vice president (he is now
vice president and manager of the Farm
ers' and Merchants' National). The other
officers have not yet been fully agreed
upon, but they will be selected in due
time from the able corps of the two. in
stitutions. The present banking quarters
of the First National Ban< in the Wllcox
block will be retained.
"The matter of consolidation has been
in contemplation for some little time,"
said Mr. Elliott to-night, "and the rea
sons for the move are economy, profits
8nd the desire to give Los Angeles a
banking Institution that can most ade
quately keep pacb with the present prog
ress and growth of the city. Under the
present law, a national bank Is allowed to
make loans in only one-tenth of its cap
ital, and of late the directors had from
time to time begun to hint that the First
National Bank might soon have to "in
crease its capital stock. The«onsolidated
bank will also be large and strong
enough to give the people, if possible, a
stronger feeling of security in its integ
rity and stability."
The First National Bank was organized
as a commercial bank in 1S75 and now has
US stockholders, while the Farmers' and
Merchants' was organized In 1871 and now
has more than- 150 stockholders.
Continued From Page 1, Column 6.
They say they represent the bona fide
Republican party and that the action of
the Commissioners in refusing to grant
their petition for a place on the ballot
is Illegal. Th*y are represented by At
torney T. V. Eddy.
Following the fashion of the dissatis
fied in the ranks of the Union Labor par
ty, members of the Republican party who
do not like the existing condition of af
fairs have taken their grievances into
the courts. Wsterday Nathan Ccghlan
and Albert Eerthier, who claim to be the
president, and thp secretary of the reg
ular Republican organization, filed a suit
for a writ of mandate to compel the Board
of Election Commissioners to place on
the tkktt to be voted at the coming pri
marlf-s the names of prospective delegates
selected by them.
E«publicanE Ask That Commissioners
Becognize Their Petition.
WILL THY MANDAMUS.
ADVANCE GUARD
PREPARES CAMP
Thousands of people, congregate daily,
at the "newspaper" corners and are won-,
dering what Is intended by the four im
mense structures that are now rapidly
raising their' heads in the air, far above
the wondering gaze of the passing
throngs.
It is proposed to eTect a magnificent
arch surmounted by a beautiful electri
cal canopy In such delicate outlines as
will be truly electrical in all its effects.
And it r is hoped that the visiting thou
sands \o this city next month will carry
away with them an impression of San
Francisco's unlimited hospitality, such as
will nfiver be effaced from their memo
ries. It is also to be hoped that the
Grand Army's visit to this city will mark
an epoch in the history of this country
Of late years the principal feature of
these decorat!ons has''be'en an electrical
display. Witness the remarkable displays
— on the return of our volunteers, some
thing uninue in the history of municipal
decorations; then the Epworth League,
the Mystic Shriners. the KniRhts of Pyth
ias, and our recent illumination for: the
reception of President Roosevelt— said- by
many to have been the most pleasing of
any illumination ever held in any Ameri
can municipality heretofore: and again,
said to surpass by far the illuminations
of. the Buffalo Exposition, and of any
European cities held in late years. But
all these are outdone by the proposed
scheme for welcoming the Grand Army
of the Republic for its Thirty-seventh Na
tional EncamDment, to be held In this
city next August.
San Francisco will certainly outdo her
self. and iii saying this will surpass any
attempt ever made in any other place
in the world by way of municipal orna
mentation and electrical display.
BRILLIANT ..DISPLAYS.
in which she betl^cks herself for these
festive occasions. ; ; ".'.'.'".-^ " .. •¦:"
MAGNIFICENT ARCH TO BE
ERECTED FOR THE GRAND
ARMY ENCAMPMENT.
I P. BL ARTHUR -FALLS -DEAD
: company had agreed to furnish free tele
; phone service to the city in consideration
i of the dismissal by the city of the many
I license snitfl filed against the corporation.
i He held that the telephone company had
j violated its contract with the city and
; that it was Illegal for the city .to pay
j Ealarics to the operators, whose positions
j were not authorized by the charter.
The discussion that followed McCarthy's
i protest showed that it was c'.early unoer
! Etood by the Supervisors that the 'ity 1
j was to pay the salaries of the operators
I and that the telephone company wa« to
j furnish all wires and instruments free
It was also demonstrated by Supen # ?or
j Braunhart that it would be impossibl«|for
! the city to create the official position? of
i telephone operators and get suitable fer-,
! sons to fill the same. '¦? \
He argued that the work could be 'Tine
by young girls only and that, as t ?y
were not of legal age, it would be oil of
the question to appoint them to oflplal j
positions. He also claimed that it wgild
not be possible to get men to do the vE>rk j
for the small salaries allowed the or Jra- ;
tors. Si
The matter was finally adjusted by^he
committee adopting a resolution £ to
amend its previous report to the Super
visors and show clearly that the agree
ment with the telephone company -"Vas
j that the salaries of the operators at. 'he
City Hall exchange should be paid bj -he
I city. ¦
'¦ McCarthy said that he was not sati.-^led
with this arrangement and. that it * r as
still illegal for the city to pay for per
sons employed by the telephone company.
Public Buildings in considering the pro
test of ex-Supervisor W. A. McCarthy
against the city paying the salaries of the
three girls who are employed as telephone
operators in the private exchange at the
City Hall.
McCarthy claimed that the telephone I
will be carried out, notwithstanding the
action of the Immensely rich and pros
perous railway corporations. The good
tidings come from Los Angeles that the
citizens of that progressive city have
raised $15,000 to entertain veterans who
may tarry there for a few days on their
way to or from San Francisco. More
over, the Los Angeles Grand Army posts
have arranged to come to San Francisco
in great numbers and in flrst-class style.
LIST OF . CONTRIBUTIONS.
While San Francisco contributions do
not come in quite as rapidly as the com
mittee expected, the collections received
and promised indicate that the necessary
funds will be raised in time to pay the ex
penses of the reception and the illumina
tion of the city. The contributions will
be published from this on until the en
campment meets on August 17 and a com
pltte list of all contributors will be pub
lished later.
The following amounts ,have been re
ceived and handed to the committee: 1
Claus Spreckels $1,000
Palace Hotel l.W*>
A. W. Foster 250
Orand Hotel 1,(M
United Railroads of San Francisco 2,o'M
International Banking Corporation 2j>>
Bank of California., 250
Raphael AVeill & Co! ICO
Golden We« Hotel 1JK)
Brewers' Protective Association l,f>0O
Foster & Fay 250
Mrs. Mary E. Kohl 100
Sarah Kohl 5°
Mrs. Phoebe A. Hearst 1C0
The Emporium 250
California Street Railroad Company.... 500
Holbrook. Merrill A Stetson 100
Wells. Fes-go & Co.'s Bank £ft<>
California. Barrel Company v,' BO
Central Trust Company to
Anelo-Callfornlan Bank 1C9
Colonel A. Andrews 100
California Safe Deposit and Trust Co... 100
N. Clark & Son.. '. 60
H. S. Crocker & Co. 50
Levl Strauss & Co.. 1W>
Total • .$10,150
San Francisco to-day 'possesses a na
tional reputation as a convention city,
and nhe owes this reputation not alone
to her beautiful climate and remarkable
situation at the door of .the Orient, with
the wide Pacific lapping her western bor
ders and the maffniflcent bay of San
Francisco on • her eastern shore, but to
the world-famed hospitality of Callfor
nlans, and San Franciscans in particular,
in providing a magnificent entertainment
in any event she may undertake. And by
no means the least feature is the manner
urday at 2:30 p. m. in light marching or
der. The cadets will wear khaki uni
forms. The annual encampment of the
regiment is to be held in Santa Clara.
The tents will be" erected within a few
hundred yards of the railway station and
the 300 tents will be visible to the pas
sengers on the trains passing the statipn.
It-is understood that 450 'members have
expressed their intention of taking in the
encampment. ;Thia will be the largest
camp ever held by the regiment.
A band of fifty pieces under command
"of Lieutenant Williams • and Sergeant
Morris will accompany the regiment and
furnish music during the week. The
cadets will remain in camp until Sunday,
July 26. , ¦ . . .;
Colonel James E. Power will be in com
mand. He will insist upon a strict com
pliance with regimental orders.; During
the encampment officers and men must
observe the rules of military courtesy. and
etiquette at all times, particularly, the
salute when outside the lines.. Guard will
be mounted, each day In" strict accordance
with United States armv Infantry drill
: regulationS.'!§gB£££0Es39Blis»S£B
.This arch is the conception of William
R. Hewitt, chief of the Department of
Electricity, and the plans and designs
were worked out in detail under his im
mediate supervision by a most competent
corps of office assistants. This arch will
be the most- remarkable feature of nny
of the Grand -Army's encampments held
in many years. /*_ •
The arch is a feat of engineering and it
is remarkable that such a structure can
be erected and finished in all its details
In such a short time. But we are par
ticularly fortunate in entrusting this
work to the Department of Electricity of
this city, which has had charge of all
electrical displays for the last few years,
and to this fact is largely due their suc
cess.
FEAT OF ENGINEERING.
stucco work design will be principally of
highly ornamented circles, rising from
the base and continuing upward until it
fades away in a delicate scroll, studded
throughout with incandescent lights In
striking effect. From this height the
arch supports a beautiful colonnade of
sixteen columns, resting on a circular
base 50 feet in diameter, all handsomely
and richly ornamented in stucco work
with electrical \,- effects interlaced and
worked out In a striking design with 1500
electric lights. The stucco work of the
circular base; of the colonnade will be
a beautiful frieze of scroll design brought
out in bold relief. Surmounting this colon
nade and extending to a height of 135 feet
above the street line will be*a beautiful
tent-like electrical canopy carrying 2000
electric lights worked in lines of alter
nate red, white and blue, and supporting
a forty-foot flagstaff cairying a 2S-foot
American flag. At the base gf this flag
staff and falling away in graceful curves
to a distance of 90 feet below will be a
huge electrical ball seven leet in diameter
studded with hundreds of electric lights
worked out In beautiful design and the
whole having the appearance of an Im
mense hanging basket of beautiful electri
cal effects." Surrounding this hanging
basket and dropping twenty feet from
the fifty-foot circle wlll.be sixteen- large
lanterns worked out in pleasing design
and carrying great clusters of , electric
lights, showing a - beautiful lacework. ef
fect when Illuminated. .The total number
of lights for the whole arch will be about
10,000. which means of course a glorious
blaze of brilliant light when burning at
Its brightest. : ;y.'-?'--
BANKS PLAN MERGER.
A communication was received from the
Board of Public Works that the Super
visors take steps to -acquire a water sup
ply for San Francisco. The committee
decided that it will report favorably on
the proposition, but that nothing can be
done in that direction until after the elec
tions on bond Issues take place. '
The committee will report that the
city's application for water reservoirs at
Lake Eleanor and Hetchy Hetchy Valley
has not yet been passed upon by the Sec
retary of the Interior at Washington.
A resolution was passed that the clerk
of the Board of Supervisors be instructed
to prepare a notice of election on bond
Issue.
cently made by the Presidio and Ferries
Cable Company and the Pacific Power
Company to sell their properties to the
city under the terms of the city charter.
Both the offers were rejected by the com
mittee and it will so report to the Super
visors.
KINGSTON, J». T., July 16.— MmwUto ?»>»'
Hotel at Pine Hill was destroyed by flre early
to-day.
FRESNO. July 15.— A County Hospital In
mate named Jimmy Murphy was run over to
night by an electric car In the suburbs of
Fresno and killed.
Army orders — C&Dtain Salmon F. Pulton la
to become assistant commissary at San Fran
cisco. Captain B. Frank Cheatham. quarter
master, goes from Sar» Francisco to Washing
ton.
The Board of Supervisors will sit this
afternoon as a Board of Equalization and
pass upon the applications for reduction
of assessments, including those of Wells,
Fargo & Co. and the Southern Paciflc
and Central Pacific Railroad companies.
Ex-Harbor Commissioner Hcrney also
filed an application for reduction of
assessment en behalf of the Sacramento
Transportation Company. The company
was assessed for $4600 on the river
steamer Vercr.a, which was lopt on March
36 of this year. For that reason the com
pany af ks that the assessment on the ves
sel be canceled.
Th" Bank of California filed yesterday
an application with the Board of Super
visors asking that the assessment made
on its franchise be reduced from $750,000
to J10/JOO.
The banking corporation made similar
application last year and the question of
the value cf the assessment is now before
the Supreme Court for decision. The
Lank claims that its franchise has no
value beyond the amount of $10,00), and
that the Assessor has no right to fix its
value at the sum which is objected to.
The Giant Powder Company also filed a
petition for reduction of assessment on Its
franchise, which has been assessed at
RSQ.O0QL The company states that it is
v.illing to pay taxes on $16,150 worth of
Personal property, but that its franchise
has no value.
BANK OF CALIFORNIA
OBJECT:'. TO ASSESSMENT
A£ks for Reduction From 5750,000
to $10,000 and Says Fran
chise Has No Value.
RESIDENTS OF RICHMOND
OBJECT TO BRICK KILNS
Committee <m Streets Will Give
Final Incision in- Matter
j^ext Week.
The protest <9.t the residents In the- Rich
mond district the location In that
vicinity of the Golden Gate Brick Com
pany's kilns *»-as again taken up **»*«•"
day by the Committee on Streets of the
Board of Supervisors. The committee
listened to further protests on the part or
citizens and also to evidence presented by
the brick company that its plant was de
sired in the Richmond district. After
spending some time over the matter the
committee postponed its final decision un
til next week.
The aetltion of Gray Bros, that they
be granted nine months' time before clos
ing their stone quarry at Clipper and
Twenty-sixth streets was al3o considered
by the committee and the matter was
postponed for one week.
The committee adopted a resolution fa
voring a change of name of Thirteenth
street, north Irom "West Mission street
to Its end, and that it be known hereafter
as Dubocc avenue.
Considerable time was taken up yester
dav at the meeting of the Committee on
The Committee on Public Utilities met
yesterday and considered the offers re-
The Bcara of Election Commissioners
yesterday fJed Its annual report with j
Mayor Schmitz, the statistics coTering
the fiscal year ending June 30 last.
The Commissioners are proud that they
were able u> save tlO.iXX) out of tlie ap
propriation cf fl45.OK> allowed. Of this
balance the sum cf $3509 is being useil to
erect a brick warehouse for storing the
c!ecticn booihs therein, asd a cash bal- j
ance cf $12? €1 has be«i turaed Into the 1
city treasury.- ¦•:" 1
The report include? a statement of the !
nativity of all regl5tcred voters, a table >
showing date of election, number of pre- |
cincts, registration acd vote polled since ,
adoption of the "'Act to regulate the reg- |
Istration of voters and secure the purity !
of elections, approved March IS. 1S7S";
also tables sinwing the occupations and
r.jyes of the registered voters December 31. |
1302, and a evcaniary of tfce votes cast i
for each candidate voted for and each '
proposition voted upon at th«- general
election held November 4, l?c£; also a
BUmmtry of the votes cast at the elec
tions held en December 2 and 4. 1902, to
create a bonded Indebtedness to acquire
etreet railroads, etc.. and amendments to
the charter.
The financial report of the Election
CornmiEsiosers is as follows:
Appropriation $u5 ,000
Mono p*l<J over t« •«*v W
Treasurer . 25
Falary Corarr.lFsiooers. .." $5,000 <K>
ivalary R^tif-trar l' «<¦<»< 0
t-alarios deputies, etc 3fi 122 C9
AtfvprtiFlngr 1 2SI 20
}:a:!.-t I'u.it ¦ llsn »o
KWtion booths 11.178 6S
Pollirs places TSO 00
I Ylnting index 7.325 30
} J rir.tir.p sample and offi
t'ial ballots 1.S33 47
Ttubbcr stan:jis '129 55
Kle-otion printing 3.121 "4
Kleetlon stationary 1.7S><> 42
AVar*-hou*«> *XT>~ns~* SCa Tl
Delivery of Fuj>pii^s 412 45
Klection offlct-rs (primary) 2.712 00
Election officers <*pecial>. X3.56O OO
Klf-cUon offirtrs (general). 25,000 00
I^mps. <-hairr. eic. (for
booths) : . . 1,817 e*
• arriagp bire 7.W ftfl
Telephone service 2.-.S 55
MiFC-'lanecus. office 978 89
J'recinet registration 15.920 OO
Total $ 135.2*5 .T»
"$115!o25 OO $145,025
L«*s contract for brick warehouse..!! 9.600 00
J» ci $139 €1
Commissioner Casey of the Board of
Public Works attempted to stop the work
on the Grand Army Encampment arch
at Third and Market streets yesterday,
but failed. He did, however, arouse tn«
enmity of forty-flve union men, engaged
In the work. Casey made a grand stand
play to stop Superintendent Shea, but the
latter, actlne mvier orders of General
George Stone, refused to heed him. Casey
called upon Captain SpiUane to ™ ri » 8 »
enough police to;arrest the men If they
persisted In working. A sauad was sent
to the scene, but the men worked on as
The contractor claimed that he had re
ceived permission from the Board of Su
pervisors and the Board of Public Works
to proceed with the work. Casey was
not aware of this fact and tried to show
his authority. He said no permission was
granted by his board and the contractor
showed him Umj orde* signed by a cleric
in authority. *
A -special meeting of the Works Boan*
was held yesterday afternoon and a com
promise was effected. The board believes
it 13 resDonsibi? for the erection of the
arch and has appointed Building Inspec
tor John P. Horgan to look after Its con
struction. The contractor agreed to re
move and replace the stone buffers or
the safety station and place planking over
it in order that teams will not be block
aded bv reason of the supports of the
arch being built in the street.
W. A. McCarthy Thinks
City Should Not Re
imburse Operators.
Committee on Public
Utilities Rejects
Offer Made.
Sum of Ten Thousand Dol
lars Is Saved Out of the
Appropriations.
Commands Police to Act, but
His Efforts Prove
Futile.
OPPOSES PAYING
TELEPHONE GIRLS
WILL NOT BUY
PRESIDIO ROAD
Orders Contractor to
Cease Building the*
z G. A. B. Arch.
Annual Report of City
Commissioners Is
Presented.
IN addition to the sum already
raised for reception and entertain
ment In Ban Francisco of the, .__
Thirty-seventh National Encamp
ment, Grand Army of the Repub
lic. $25,000 will be required to tender the j
event creditable in the highest degree to
the city. Including the State allowance
of $25,000, the amount thus. far/ received 1b
$44,000. The committee of management Is
bound to appeal to the" patriotism and
public spirit of 'the men and women of
San Francisco for the means. It will sur
prise the public to learn that the two
great transcontinental- railway, corpora
tions—the Southern Pacific and the Santa
Fe— have declined so far to contribute to
the fund. It will gratify the veterans .
and other expected visitors from the East
to be assured that the encampment plans
in the; matter 'of municipal decorations,
receptions and' entertainment. Certainly
no pains are' being spared in order that
this extraordinary event shall be a grand
success in every feature of its entertain
ment.
MAGNIFICENT ARCH.
This magnificent arch will spring from
four massive pedestals twenty feet long,
fourteen feet wide and twenty-eight feet
high, ; each; carrying about 1000 electric
lights worked in unique design, supported
by. beautiful pilasters richly ornamented
with stucco work with great artistic ef
j feet and surmounted by, four heroic eagles
¦and the "trusses of truj arch proper.
The arch will »have a graceful sweep
of 160 feet from pedestal to pedestal and
will rise .to a height of 77 feet abova the
'street line. It will be richly ornamented
in stucco work of . delicate tracery and
illuminated with 5000 electric lights. The
TELLS OF COST
OF ELECTIONS
CASEY SEEKS
TO BLOCK WORK
ACME OF BEAUTIFUL ELECTRICAL DECORATION
TO BE ERECTED TO GREET CIVIL WAR VETERANS
the San .,.;rnA*eisgp;;.qAi(i,.::F?ipAyi..;jftiL^..i7,. -ifloa.
2
A < r
Chas. Keilus & Co.
E x c 1 u s i v e
HJgh-Grade Clothiers
NO BRANCH STORES.
NO AGENTS.
With Skifiled Labor
Expression of Style
And Minor Details'
Class Our Clothes
Amongst the Best
Ever Yet Produced
Fall Models Arriving
© |32 ®
Kearny street
Thurlow Block
ADVEBTiSEMITNTS.
¦¦¦¦BNBBBHiiiianms
ONE BOTTLE CURES."
OMcBurney's §
KIDNEY ]
and I
§ BLADDER CURE 8
™ Ortaln and thorough cure for pains in 5
M the small of the back, irritation of the ¦ '
¦ bladder. BrifM's disease, female trou- O
m ble«. Incontirence of urine, brick dust ¦
• deposit, ted ¦* etrine of children, gravel, Z
*J gall stones, ihlck. turbid frothy urine, ff
I dropsy, dlabu-es and rheumatism. u
¦ ¦ '. . Send 25c t\r five days' treatment and B
B *et relief in EO minutes. n
ZS Kidney an) niadder Curs $150 =
g Liver and EJood Purifier $1 23 H-
B FOB SAXiSJaT AI.L DBUO GISTS ¦
H E7K your« druggist does not keep H
¦ McBurnty'd Kidney and Bladder Cure. ¦
m will send to my addreca (express pre* O
¦ paid) on receipt of price. „
¦ w. r. Mcfeiraunrr, sola Mfr., ¦
¦ 22£ S. Sprlsy St., X.OB AxLgtln, CaL ¦
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦«¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
®M\U VIGOR, VITALITY (or MEx
51ORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
Buve b—a la uae over fifty
years by the leader* of ' t&a
MSrmon Church and their
(c 'lowers. Positively eur» thai
w*rat cases in old and young
tustric from effect* of self-
abuse, dissipation. «xc«*s«« or
cigarstte smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotency. Lost
Power, Nlzht Losses. Insom-
nia. Pains la V&k. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility.. Headache. Unfltnese to Mar-
ry Losa of SenciB. *— Vsrlcoc»l« or Con-
stipation. Stop V*r U \J voua TwJtchln* oX
I Eyelids. Kffecu? tr»XJrs immediate. Im-
part vigor and j«ot* CEJKISuct to every func-
• tlon. Don't «e« Respondent, a cure Is at band.
• Restore small. fsAdeveloped organs. BUmulat*
. the brain and Serve centers: 50c a box; « for
$2 60 by mall. iA wrttten guarantee to 'cure or
money refund** with « boxes Circulars fr*«.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 EUU St..
San rranclsco. CaL ORANT DRUG CO.. 33
and 40 Tfilrd st^ .
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
OF ilNATOHY)
4 Cb 1: ujiiiisr st. ts:. 5^i:^i, s.r.w. a
\ Hr Tkr LlrreitApatMaical Matevmin the \
A WoriJ. 'W«»iuie«c* or a:iy c«n:(act«<1 A
" 8S d'irit p»»lll"lre»r«Jh. the oldeii T
0 /B 5|1 Spet'MiM •» U>e Co»tt k%i. jt, ytiti. <D
A n&pl OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN*
\ ffflcdi Cnriultation free and «tirt!y pHvste \
S I XiW^B Tma'ineni prrwnaliT or by l«ier. A Q
r ¦ fy P» ¦ t***i** C*r* in «»•!* (m aadenak en. T
i8,f II A Wrl>e for Book. rHll.OioPB) of A
f f U |V BABHMSI!. MAILED *CU. ( A V
1 a u- «» u » M * book for ¦"•> \
f OB. JORPAK A CO . 1051 Market SL.9. P. V
B-^^««v^>^^^ J ?v^ -^ »«v t«v
IERCES
FAVOR2TE
SCRIPTION
WEAK WOM EM.
A RQBn M' d> - Ch *'r». Stoves, etc;
fi IS Ilia P* Oun8 - R1C "- Fishing Tac«:*
I iMa^B tni1 SPo'tinir Goods. 3end
uniwii. gr^^-iSb as
•ad S21 Kearny at.M. Carlton Seligman, Alias M. J. Seligman,
Charged With Securing Commissions by
Fraud From an Insurance Company
ALLEGED CONFIDENCE WORKER
IS QUICKLY LANDED IN JAIL
SMOOTH TONGUED TOUNG MAN WHO WAS ARRESTED YESTERDAY
AND CHARGED WITH OBTAINING MONEY FROM AN INSURANCE
COMPANY BY MAKING FALSE REPRESENTATIONS.
The frequency of these two-syllable
terminations, "ovics" and "ovitch,T to
names prominent in the despatches from
Servia ie accounted for by the fact that
they are two forms of a Slavonic sufflx
which means "a son of," which becomes
a part of a family name when families
are prepared to take names. Previous to
the present century the ancestors of the
Obrenovitches and the Karageorgevitches,
whose rival claims for the throne have
led to various intrigues and assassina
tions, were not far enough up in the so
cial scale to boast of more than one
name. Kara George because he was
"Black George." and Milos Obren bor
rowed the patronymic of the late ruler
of Servia from the family In which he
worked ae a servant.— New York Times.
The Servian Suffixes.
Chief Wittman made inquiry about
Seligman some weeks ago ar.d wrote to
Chief of Police Charles H. Hunt of Port
land. He received a reply on June 1 that
Sellgrnan had been arr*stf-d in Seattle on
March n, 120L for forger?', but he was
released, as the amounts involved were
made pood by h'.s mother. He was also
arrested in Tacoma and Spokane. On
Russell says that Seligman has suc
ceeded in obtaining at least JS09 as com
missions, all of which ip a total loss to
the company, as the policies could not be
Issued. They were obtained by false rep
resentations.
The coir.plalr.ing witness against Selig
man is John N. Russell Jr.. local man
ager cf the Conservative Life Insurance
Company of Los Angeles, 30 Montgomery
street. SeJitrman was employed aa a so
licitor for the company and It is alleged
he procured insurers by making false rep
resentations to them as to the provisions
in the po'icies and obtained checks for
his commission before the company was
aware of the false representations. The
particular charge is for obtaining a
check for fTo as commission on a policy
to be issued to Attorney George H. Bahrs
on. May 20. Bahrs had given him a
promissory note for ££1 for the premium,
payable on demand. This Seligman
showed to the local manager and get his
check for the commiFsion. Seligin&n rep
resented to Bahrs that he was the gen
eral manager of the company and to in
duce him to take out a policy engaged
him as attorney for the company, promis
ing him a retainer of 53».
ecn ar.d Freel on a warrant
charping him with obtaining moTjty by
false pretences. He was booked at the
City Prison, and was released on $1000
bonds. Originally the bonds had been
fixed at WK<0. but Police Judge Cabanlss,
who Issued the warrant, later reduced
them to JZOOO.
MCARLTO.V SELIGMAN. alias
M. J. Seligman. was arrested
yesterday morr.ing on Geary
street by Detectives Ed O.l>-
Property Destroyed Worth a Million
Dollars, but Loes of Reve
nue Small.
According to data from Western Union
sources, the Pennsylvania Railroad has
cut down thus far CSO miles oi poles and
SS13 miles of wire In Pennsylvania, and
245 miles of poles and 403 miles of Iron
wire along the Pennsylvania Railroad
system In the State of Pennsylvania and
the West Jersey and Seashore Railroad,
in New Jersey. In no other States were
any considerable amount of poles and
wires cut down. The Western Union val
ues the property destroyed at ;i ,000 .COO.
The cash value of the property is con
servatively estimated at $S50,000.
Should the United States Supreme Court
sustain the appeal of the Western Union
from the United States Circuit Court, the
Western Union will undoubtedly bring
euit against the Pennsylvania for this
property destroyed and the damages re
sulting therefrom. On the other hand
should the appeal of the Western Union
be dismissed by the United States Su
preme Court, the Pennsylvania will sue
the Western Union for the expense of cut
ting down and removing this property
from land belonging to the Pennsylvania.
For the year ending June 30, 1902, the
Western Union had 196,115 miles of poles
and 1.029.9S4 miles of wires in operation.
The total amount of property destroyed
was i£3 miles of poles and 10.216 miles of
wire. This is less than one-half of 1 per
cent of the total mileage of poles and less
than 1 per cent of the total mileage of
v.-lres. As the Western Union is still op
erating its svstem in the State of Penn
sylvania along the highway and on pri
vate rights of way, it is said that the loss
in revenue to the Western Union is rather
inconsiderable. Of course it does no busi
ness at stations of the Pennsylvania Rail
road. Apart from that, it is still operated
throughout the entire State. The loss of
revenue to the Western Union will be ex
ceedingly small and will, it is asserted,
not in any way affect the dividend rate
for 1303.— Railway News.
June 4, 1901, he was arrested In Portland
for forgery and was confined In the Coun
ty Jail for several months, after which
he settled and was released. He went
Into the Insurance business and was
seemingly doing well. He left Portland
several months ago. Chief Hunt said that
Bellgman was a good talker, was formerly
a salesman and his main "gTaft" was
passing bogus checks. The records In
Portland, he eald, showed that Beligman's
father committed euiclde In this city be
cause of his eon's misdoings.
Chief Wittman also received a letter
from S. Vocrsanger of Woodland to the
effect that Seligman had obtained J26 Z0
from him by false pretenses and 512 50
from his daughter. Voorsanger wrote
that he would be willing to swear out a
warrant for Sellgman's arrest. Seligman
got the money from them and gave them
worthless checks. While In Woodland he
claimed to be connected with the Home
Life Insurance Company. He la 37 years
of age and dresses well.
SOME DATA ON CUTTING
WESTERN UNION POLES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 17, 1903.
3
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
TTATTt TELLS CHARACTER.
Color of Hair Said to Indicate a Per-
son's Temperament.
Mary people believe that blonde or light
hair denote* affection and dark hair con-
etancy. A person without ha!r is not de-
void of chAracter; far from It. The dispo-
sition of the average baJUhf-ad^d man is
show Fuch solicitude for the Welfare of
Mothers that he neglects himself. A perm
causes baJdn«»ES. Professor Sabouraud of
Paris, Prance, Inoculated a rabbit with
dandruff germs, causing It to become to-
tally bald in five weeks' tine. To rid the
scalp of these dangerous perms it Is
necessary to apply Newbro'a Herplcide.
"Destroy the cause— you remove the ef-
fect."
Sold by leading druppists. Send 10c In
Ktamps for sample to The Herplcide Co.,
Detroit. Mich.
CASTOR I A
Fcr Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the /^ SZfj-4-^T
Signature of C^lut^/yf/^C^iZ/ii
An equal good — Schilling's
Best — to maker grocer and
you. To maker and grocer big
trade and no trouble; to" you,
- what you want and no trouble.
Money back.
. ¦ : ' ... / . ; .:_;'¦¦' ¦¦¦.'. ADVERTISEMENTS. ' "J.
• ¦ - . ¦ ¦-_ , ..:. f .,-¦¦.-•¦...'_-¦;¦' ¦
S School opens Monday, July 20th. Only two ' v^C^fc.
£il||fe$^ days remain in which to buy the boy a new J^^lK^ak
.These, and other inducements, warrant your vSf^V
£8&&§$$B$&tiMMBfo^ ®y T usua * ma ker-to- wearer prices are low
We have taken several lines of $5.00 suits '^^^^^^^^^^W
' '¦ of the garments is $6.00; now you can get the J
> j * 5 -°° suit and a P air of '^ 1 - 00 knee P ants for wl^^P^pW
&%® MiffiW-J^^ they are t0 " look P rett y-" Each £ arment is our own W$?£$i%8$iM %^ffli
v^^^^^i^'-'^^ manufacture. They are just the suits for school wear.
y$Av|\ lllf\\\\\ "Mother's Friend" shirt waists, made of the best per- JllfiwA £MMf
l^^^\ MwV'\ ca * e ' w ' t * 1 or w ' thoutc0 " ars attached; both our 75c and J^u/I'iyk U*b!h!H
s*tTc» so rR0M each; now two for 25c. . ' mg&^* s:rCiJaa " tOM UFB
Boys' blouse waists in light and dark patterns, sizes 3, "
/ mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm^mmm^mmmmummmmmmammmmmmmm\ i i — ¦
.^jfjSSSjSs. ¦ ". i *' '?¦" -~ ' • ¦ - - In/I f^k tf^ft 6T* i^b f* B / if ti 4k "hi ws^^
lvl"li odlyiiCjllll Lo Sfe*^
ltf?£\ certain reductions in sack suits that will bring I'ffi'X^V' ¦•"•"'"•"•y \
_vdi^^ \ The suits have but lately arrived from our / !l^>3- '•¦?•'" ciM- $
X^fi^^^^ a^^fee5ft S^fe workshops, but having no odds and ends to (^¦;' t '.^ t K.v'.'»| i ;
j^wWW^^^< %M^^^^tt HHml offer for this sale we simply marked the suits ('^S;'.' ¦"• -jo. V-.';^ \
j^0l^^m^M W^M^^^^^^ also in . single and doub!e brea^ ed chevio'ts in '
¦ |®S ' with S° od Quality farmer satin; sizes 34 to 42;
' fe?% the intended price was $10.00; the sale price is I II T) T
$785' I Fanpy Vests
• V-^V^F . Special in summer vests, made of plain white duck and
t P'Que, and also in white and tan with fancy figures and
stripes in neat colors; 6 buttons, detachable for washing;
\^^^M^0^&EWA Men's fancy worsted Striped pants, in a num- high cut, no collar, fast colored, fit guaranteed; regular
i^^^M^00^i^^ k eT Of Shades $2.25 SI. 50 vests— our workshops were late in making them—
i^^^&H^^0^^M A few more of trrose covert top coats, in brown don>t want t0 carr y them over— price while they last,
/ itl? 1111 I Made to Order Suits I ¦ ' . v'-OO
r W^^'H Just arrived ~ ne%v st yl e white golf shirts, for 50c.
If Wm$f£ illl^ As a t>ove stated, July is a dull month for
/ business unless you make it lively. S XSi^J^feh
/ W&M^ make suits to order we shall offer several ele- I f^^>v
Mail Orders Filled Cifc,Ty\A/Ol^O Genuine Panamas
We fill mail orders for anything in men's W W \j \j \J? Q} I If H and-made, from South America, well woven
or boys 1 clothing, hats and Jurnishings — I w v m ' A L"- and bleached, cost at least £7.50 at exclusive hat-
write for 64-page illustrated catalogue. ~ Af , A/l^ftr^t ters; our price
— _— V4U iviarKei ptreei $4.00SPRINGFIELD. 111.. July 16— The paycar
on the Chicago. Peoria and St. Louis Railroad
collided with a freight train to-day near Me
dora. Engineer Dennis Havey of Springfield
of the paycar engine was Instantly killed.
One definite advantage in substituting
khaki for blue cloth uniforms for the
army In the tropics and in summer was
not considered when the change was dis
cussed in the War Department, the nno
pheles mosquito not having at that time
been exhaustivly studied. The malaria
breeding mosquitoes will not light upon
substances having a yellow color, but
swarm about blue fabrics.-
The smart set at Santa Barbara. Read the
Wasp's gossip. . •
DISAPPOINTED IN BERKELEY.
Mrs. Hughlett's Effort to Obtain a
. Boarding-House Fruitless.
BERKELEY, July 16.— Mrs. Mary
Hughlett, who tried to murder her two
children and kill herself ln Los Angeles,
was a roomer with her children for two
weeks with Mrs. A. L. Huston of 2124B
Center street. She came, looking for a
house large enough for boarders and went
the rounds of the real estate offices. Mrs.
Adelaide Marauand showed her several
houses and she picked out one on Ban
croft way, but after paying a deposit it
was discovered that it had been sold to
other parties. She was disappointed over
this and sailed Sunday morning for Los
Angeles, saying that she might return
later in the vear.
j*'She promised to write to me as soon
as she got to Los Angeles, but I haven't
heard from her," said iurs. Huston to
day. "Her children promised to write to
my children, too, but they have received
no letter so far. She was a lively, pleas
ant woman and the last one in the world
you would think would do the terrible
thing she attempted. She had some little
peculiarities, but they were not especially
noticeable. She was very fond of her
children and always had them with her.
I judged from the way she talked she
had considerable money."
Mrs. Hughlett has a brother and sister
in San Francisco. The sister is Dr. Alice
M. Goss of 606 Sutter street.
FUGITIVES IN 'fiEST CASE
MAY RETURN TO CALIFORNIA
Attorney Reed of New York Inti
mates That They Are on Their
Way Back Here.
NEW YORK, July 16.— "Do you know
where the Woods are at the present
time?" Attorney Reed was asked at At
lantic City to-day.
"They are together," he replied, "but
as to their exact whereabouts I have
nothing to say at this time."
Attorney Reed said that he had advised
his clients to return, to California and re
fute the charges made against them. He
Intimated that they were now en route for
the Pacific Coast and that If indicted in
California they would surrender.
LONDON, July IB. — During the discussion
of the army estimates in the Houue of Com
mons to-day War Secretary Broderick said It
had been decided to keep a force of 23,000 men
permanently In South . Africa, whence rein
forcements . could - be readily- dispatched to In
dia, in tho Bvant of an "»t°' p 'k on tha frontier.
At 8 o'clock this evening there Is t> be
a grand union " mass meeting, followed
by a public reception in the parlors of
the association. The Rev. John Hemphiil,
u. D., and other speakers are to address
the meeting and Robson'e orchestra will
play operatic and popular selections. To
morrow evening at 6:30 o'clock the Jubi
lee day banquet will be given at the Cali
fornia Hotel, and Sunday afternoon wilj
be devoted to another mass meeting in
the auditorium. It will be in the Interests
of the extenslon'of the association's work
among young men in non-chrlstlan lands.
The Hawaiian Male Chorus wiU'sln*.
This afternoon there is. to be a rally of
boys ln the auditorium, when the Rev.. F.
8. Ford, pastor of the First Christian
Church, will deliver an important address.
A. Claude Braden, secretary of the boys'
department, will preside.
Mr. McCoy, referring to a modest re
mark made by Edward Coleman and
Thomas Crothers, as to their connection
with the association, said both gentlemen
had given largely toward the lifting; of
the debt, Mr. Coleman having pqt his
name down for $12,000.
Still another phase of the struggle Is
recalled by a statement made to-day by
William Nelson Cromwell of counsel for
th© Sheldon reorganization committee. Ho
avers that more than a majority of out
standing first mortgage bonds has been
actually deposited with this reorganiza
tion committee and asserts that this in
sures the success of the Sheldon plan, ir
respective of pledges of further deposits.
The time for depositing the securities with
this committee has been extended for the
third time and now expires on July 27.
tion and its kindly and educational pur
poses.
Meanwhile applications in ancillary pro
ceedings have been pushed in Connecti
cut, where the Eastern shipbuilding plant
Is situated; in Delaware, where the Har
lan & Holllngsworth plant at Wilmington
is situated, and another ' effort is to be
made at Portland, Me., with a view of
obtaining complete control of the Bath
Iron Works and the Bath Ship Windlass
Company. Similar action is to be taken
in the Federal courts of California, so as
to comprehend the Union Iron Works ln
San Francisco.
Heretofore these petitions for ancil
lary receivers have asked that the Juris
diction of General Receiver Smith be ex
tended over the subsidiary companies.
Whether a similar, petition will be filed in
California or whether the petition will
ask for a separate receiver cannot be
definitely stated at this time. It is as
sumed, however, that the proceedings vyill
be similar to the Delaware, Connecticut
and Maine cases.
Pleadings and proof showed that the ap
pointment of a receiver caused the principal of
the mortgages, amounting- to $20.<>OO.lXlO, on
the property of the company to become Imme
diately due. and that under such appointment
and default the holders of these mortgages
would be entitled to immediate possession of
the mortgaged property, or, substantially, all
assets of the company.
NEW YORK, July 16.— Legal compli
cations continue to involve the affairs of
the United States Shipbuilding Company.
To-day at Trenton, N. J. f legal sponsors
for the shipyard trust, acting for the
directors and dissenting security holders
who had opposed the appointment of a
receiver, filed an appeal with Judge Kirk-
Patrick. The suit now goes to the. United
States Circuit Court of Appeals in Phila
delphia. The complaint of errors attacks
Judge Kirkpatrlck's opinion that under
the New Jersey statutes relating to solv
ent corporations he had Jurisdiction. The
contention also is made that in the ex
ercise of general equity jurisdiction un
der the rules of the Federal court he
was without jurisdiction, sjid a third con
tention is a general denial of the court's
right to make an order of Insolvency.
In the bill of appeals filed ln Trenton
occurs this statement:
Speclal Dispatch to The Call,
Mr*. P. D. Brown spoke on "Our Coun
try anfl Our Boy«." aha eloquently and
touchingly referred to the long white ago
¦when the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation met In Its flret "little, old rooms."
She made comparison of that period and
home of the association with that great
building in which they now meet to ob
serve the grand Jubilee. Mrs. Brown said
that there was never a time In the hU-
OTHER GOOD SPEECHES.
Every mother In this State should be en
mlled for membership in the Mothers' Tribute.
Think of the Influence for good such a com
mittee or organization could command. The
Mothers' Tribute to a growing city: It is Ideal.
On this Jubilee day. with so much aecom
plish'ed, surely we may look with love and
pride upon the friends that have gone and re
vere the memories of those energetic souls thst
jtave larcly of thetr means and of themselves
their strength, their live*, building better than
th*y knew In thoue trying days of old.
Through the heroic effort of the board of
management a Rrnemus public has emancipated
this magnificent building from Us Indebtedness,
but while we give thanks and rejoice, let us
not forget a great work lies before us, and In
looking steadfastly and "confidently tn the
future truM that under th«» Chriiticn guidance
and splendid leadership of our general secre
tary. Henry J. McCoy, we may reach the hill
tops of success. , ' ¦ ¦ - V, i. , :,
As chairman of this committee I wish to
rpe*k a word of praise to the women who did
their part toward raising the mortgage upon
this splendid l>uildlng. During the canvavs hun
dreds of letters came to m« — all letters of royal
good will — not all contained gifts of money by
• ny means, bnt the sweet spirit ln which they
were written ehould prove a benediction upon
the workers and the work, showing us thst
hundreds of women ln California have the
spirit cf love and philanthropy 4n their heart!
and are anxious and willing to form a link la
the chain of workers who are quietly and
earnestly serving humanity by obeying the
command of the master. "Bear ye one another's
burdens."
Is it not our Jiving duty th»n to take the
youth and show them during the formation
!¦• rn><l that the chief aim of life Is to bf useful
and helpful to one another, that idleness Is the
curse of humanity, be It ln boyhood or girl
hood. Impressing upon them th» fact that In
dividual worth should not be neglected, that
the world n'-*-"ie not multldurp. but ideals and
living examples? With experience gained from
the years that have passed, no society or In
stitution Is better equipped to take up this
burning question of "what to do with our
boy-s" than the Young Men's Christian Associa
tion, and in commending this great work to the
organisation vre must stimulate and help them
In their noble efforts, and when another fifty
><ar* eha.ll have rolled away success shall
crown the efforts put forth by the workers of
to-day. I think Horace <3re*ley Bald: "Sucews
If knowing horn-; failure Is want of knowledge."
The eminent gentleman no doubt had in mind
the Young Men's Christian Association, for they
certainly "know how" to Interest young men.
OUR DUTY TO YOUTH
Milton *ajs the child shows the man as morn
ing shows the day, and we eurely know the
time to out our hand ut>on the man Is as a
boy. Our greatest men learned in youth to
depend upen their eyes and ears and not upon
extt-mal resource*, ar.d that man's imagination
helps by sweet visions to achieve for man
progress and success in every v/alk of life. They
learned, too, that among life's greatest teach
er? are nece»s!t>, friendship and occupation.
When we consider our artr.y of 4C.77C boys
in cur midrt well may we pause and consider
tJieir future.
auspices cf the Mothers' Tribute
Committee and the Woman's Auxiliary
was tha first of the series. Mrs. John
F. Merrill presided and was supported by
Mrs. P. D. Brown. Mrs. B. C. Wright,
Mrs. Isador Lowenberg. the Rev. Dr. A.
H. Briggs. Rolla V. Watt, president of
the association: John F. Merrill, and
Henry J. McCoy.
As a prelude to the week's programme
the catbexlns was a memorable success,
and the most significant suggestion came
from Mr*. Merrill, who in her opening
address referred with particular empha-
Eia to the 47.000 boys in San Francisco
and the interest it was necessary to take
in them lookinu toward tuelr future life
as men and citizens.
Mrs. Merrill said:
Mr. President and Friends: We are indeed
honored by the hoard of management to-day,
lor to us'ahe ••Moth«Tf<"> is given the rare
privilege to conduct the first eervi'-e of the
aeries of meetings <onst!tutlng the golden
Jubilee of the Young Mrn'e AB&ocla
tion. Fifty y»-ar* of splendid service recorded
Jor young men and boys of our golden State
gives cauff for general rejoicing and thanks
giving and lead? us to look hopefully to the
luture to ev»-n a lK-tter. broadT work for our
<itt«*rs to be.
THE jubilee week of the Young
Men's Christian Association was
inaugurated yesterday afternoon.
A "women's meeting" under the
Charles A. Maydwell, secretary to the
board of directors. A". S. Jchnson, Thomas
G. Crothers and Captain J. G. Lavensaler,
directors, and the Rev. Dr. W. C. Pond",
who joined the association 50 years ago)
spoke ln eulogistic terms of the associa-
I. J. Truman in a humorous speech said
that although treasurer of the association
he never saw the cash, but all he did was
to sign checks. He paid a high tribute
to Henry J. McCoy, for his energy in the
cause of the association, and expressed
his delight at being able to participate In
the Jubilee.
PRAISE FOB ASSOCIATION.
The evening was devoted to a reception
to members and young men in general,
in the auditorium. Rolla V. Watt presid
ed and many gentlemen associated wfth
the work were present on the platform.
It was in every sense a sociable evening.
The music provided by Robson's orchestra
kept everyone ln happy humor, Mies Es
ther Macomber delighted the assemblage
with clever readings and stories, admir
ably delivered and the Knickerbocker
Quartet sang and was encored again and
again.
Dr. R. W. Smith, who was seriously In
jured in the recent North Shore Rail
way wreck, with his left arm still , dis
abled, joined the quartet and received a
rousing reception.
President Watt spoke of the Importance
of the jubilee and the advantages of be
ing out of debt. Edward Coleman, chair
man of the Board of trustees and vice
president of the association, reviewed the
many good things accomplished. He be
lieved It was one of the best schools for
preparing young men for their future
careers, because the association, he isaid.
was founded on sound principles. He said
that it takes preparation for all duties in
life and the Young Men's Christian As
sociation assumed the fitting of youth for
the years before them. Mr. Coleman
could see no end to the good to be
achieved.
Mrs. L. Snider Johnson rendered several
vocal selections, accompanied by Dr.
Stewart. A. A. Macurder led and Miss
Mabel McCoy accompanied the sacred
songs, in which all present joined.
A SOCIAL GATHEBING.
She then spoke of home influence, which
was, she Bald, a great factor in deter
mining the future of youth.
Mrs. Isidor Ix>wenberg delivered an ad
dross on "A Woman's Part in Laying a
Broad Foundation for the City's Future."
in which she referred to the training of
the boys of the city to fit them to hold
responsible positions when the time comes
that their services will be ready for pub
lic life. Mrs. Lowenberg said the one
way to lay the foundation of the city's
future rcEted in the work and influence
of the women and on the strength of
boys who will be the future men of the
city. She hoped to see the plan of a
Boys' Christian Association realized.
Mrs. B. C. Wright spoke of the work
and plans of "Our Auxiliary." The Rev.
Dr. A. H. Briggs. Rolla V. Watt, presi
dent of the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation, and Henry J. McCoy also deliv
ered addresses.
tory of the world when the influence of
th*- association was eo great as' to-day,
and in this respect she could but hope
that the day was near when there would
be an addition to the association where
boys would be given the opportunity of
a manual training. She suggested that
lofty and noble ideals should be placed
in the way of the youth of the country:
that he should be shown and taught their
importance on his future life. Boys
should have their Boys' Christian Asso
ciation. Thousands of boye. she said,
longed for encouragement and hoped for
a kindly word. In such an association,
devoted to boys, they would receive that
kindly treatment and encouragement
which they needed as an inspiration. Mrs.
Brown then instanced President Roose
velt, whos» force of character had placed
him In the foremost position of his coun
try. She thought every boy in the land
had that same opportunity to come for
ward and take part some day in the gov
ernment of the Uriitrd States. But she
thought" the boy must be worthy and in
the verv depth cf his soul he must be
true.
Shipyards Receivership
• • Case Is Carried to
Higher Court.
SOME OF THOSE WHO WERE PROMINENT IN THE FIRST DAY'S
EXERCISES OF THE YOUNG MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION'S
BIG GOLDEN JUBILEE CELEBRATION.
VISITS LEADING
MILITARY POSTS
Major Von Eitzel,' of the
German Legation, Is
in the City.
Major von Eitzel, military attache of
the German Legation In Washington, ar
rived from the East yesterday and is reg
istered at the Palace Hotel. By direction
of Embassador von Sternberg, Major Eit
zel is making a tour of observation of the
various military posts In the West, and
while he has not yet received his Instruc
tions from Washington he expects to pro
ceed to the Philippines before returning
to his regular duties at the capital. Dis
cussing his Western trip last evening, the
major said:
Through the courtesy of your army official*
I have visited Fcrt Klley. Fort Learenworth.
and several Important posts since I left Wash
ington, and I hope ' to have the pleasure of
witnessing the military maneuvers at the Pre
sidio and inspecting; the reservation within
the next few days. Another important rea
son for my visit to San Francisco 1* that I
may study th« American transport service and
your excellent methods of handling- troops des
tined for your possessions in the Padflo
Ocean. I do not expect to leave for tlJ«
Philippines until the middle of August, and
falling to make the trip. It is my plan to re
turn tr> Washington by way of the Yellow
stone Park, which I am very anxious to sea.
During his stay In the city Major voa
Eitzel will 'be entertained by Adotph Ro
sen thai, the German Consul General of
the port, members of the German colony
and by Major General Mac Arthur, com*
manding the Department of California.
About Hydrophobia.
Beware of the dog when It becomes dull
and hides away, appears restless, always
on the move and prowling, whose connt
enance Is somber and sullen, walks with
head down like a bear. Beware of one
who barks at nothing when all around
Is still. Beware of a do? that scratches
incesantly and tears up things. . Look out
for the dog that has become fond of you
and is continually trying to lick your
hand and face. Beware, above all, of the
dog which has difficulty ln swallowing,
which appears to have a bone ln Its
throat, and one that has wandered from
home and returns covered with dirt, ex
hausted and miserable.— Washington Star.
OLD RESIDENTS WHO WILL,
CELEBRATE THEIR GOLDEN
WEDDING MONDAY.
Father Sullivan will say solemn high
mass next Sunday morning at 11 o'clock
at St. Patrick's Church.
Father Sullivan was educated in the
College^ of the Sacred Heart and later at
St. Mary's College, and the past five years
he has spent at the College of Lille,
France. He is well known in this city,
was popular with his fellow students and
has a host of friends and relatives. He
is a son of Mrs. Marcella Sullivan, 1010
Howard street, and a native of San Fran
cisco.
The' minor orders of the church and
tho.se of sub-deacon and deacon were con
ferred on Father Sullivan in France, but
Archbishop Riordan, as a special mark of
his esteem, decided to have the order of
priesthood conferred on the young can
didate In .his native city In the presence
of his mother and other members of his
family.
The young priest, with his hands be
tween those of the Archbishop, then
promised reverence and obedience to his
ecclesiastical superiors.
The cermony closed with the regulation
instructions to the new priest and the
episcopal benediction, after which the
clergy retired from the sanctuary, leav
ing the new priest to greet and bless his
relatives and a large number of friends,
who remained ln the church for that pur
pose.
Receive ye the Holy Spirit. Whose sins you
shall forgive they are forgiven, and whose elna
you shall retain they are retained.
Just as the cathedral clock struck the
first note of 7 the priestly procession en
tered the sacred edifice. First came the
attendants, then the priests, followed by
the Most Rev. Archbishop George Mont
gomery, the ordaining prelate. He was
escorted by Father Mulligan, who acted
as arch priest, and Father Hannigan,
who acted as master of ceremonies.
The following priests occupied seats in
the sanctuary:
Father John McGinti ; Father Gallagher. S.
J.; Father P. Heslln, Father Patrick Collopy.
Father Morgan. Father M. Connelly, Father
Harvey. Father John Sullivan; Father Butler,
S. J.; Father W. Butler, Father Barry, Father
O'Ryan, Father Charles A. Romm and six
Christian , Brothers from Sacred Heart College.
• Last came the candidate for ordination,
who was presented by the arch priest.
After the introductory services by the
Archbishop, the candidate prostrated
himself at full length on the floor of the
sanctuary, at the foot of the altar. Dur
ing the prostration the "Litany of the
Saint" was said alternately by the Arch
bishop and the attending priests. At its
conclusion the candidate arose and while
kneeling on the steps of the altar the
Archbishop and all the priests formed in
a circle about him and as they passed be
fore him, successively laid their hands
upon his head, while the Archbishop pro
nounced the grace of the sacerdotal spirit.
Then followed the vesting of the stole
and the donning of the sacerdotal vest-*
ment called the. chasuble, which on this
occasion was of white silk richly embroi
dered in gold. Then came the chanting
of the "Veni, Creator, Splritus," during
which the hands of the candidate were
annointed with oil and power was given
to him by the presentation of the chalice
to otfer up the holy sacrifice of the mass.
Being, now consecrated, he proceeded to
read the mass in unison with the Arch
bishop, which proceeded in the ordinary
way until after the communion, when the
chasuble, hitherto folded on his back, was
extended. At the same time power was
given to the new priest to forgive sins
by the pronouncing of the following
words:
to the priesthood. The soft lights
of the. altar were aglow and great clus
ters of long stemmed pink roses graced
the walls and decorations of the sanctu
ary.
ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL was
filled with a large congregation
yesterday morning to witness the
ordination of William P. Sullivan
William P. Sullivan Takes the
Vows Laid Down by
Catholic Ritual.
Knapp has spent two-thirds of his life
In prison, but for the five murders to
which he confessed he had gone unsus
pected, until a few unguarded words let
drop by him set the law upon him.
For years he had been a strangler, he
admitted, pouncing upon innocent chil
dren and choking them to death. He was
twice in State's prison for fiendish as
saults upon women. All of his victims
were strangled.
Insanity was the only defense made by
his parents and sisters, as well as by his
attorneys.
HAMILTON. O., July 16.— Alfred A.
Knapp was convened in the first degree
for the murder of hl9 wife, Hannah God
dard Knapp, by a jury in Judge Belden's
court to-day. The verdict was reached at
7:30 o'clock, the Jury having been out
since 5 o'clock last night. To the. sur
prise of everybody, there was no recom
mendation of mercy and Knapp must go
to the electric chair.
When Knapp was brought into court
there were but a few spectators present
and there was no excitement. Knapp took
his seat quietly and when the verdict was
returned he did not show any sign of
emotion or make any comment. Knapp
was taken back to Jail at once and Sheriff
Bisdorf will allow no outsiders to see
add Murderer Knapp .. .. t'creachuallof
No visitors were allowed to see Knapp
to-day. Three hours after conviction
Knapp said: .'? V
"I suppose it's all off with me."
Jury Returns a Verdict of Guilty
"Without Any Recommenda
tion of Mercy.
MURDERER XNAPP MUST
PAY THE DEATH PENALTY
Mr. and Mrs. Fraser were married in
Watertown, N. Y., on July 20. 1833,, and
in 1859 Mr. Fraser crossed the plains, via
Salt Lake, and after enduring many hard
ships arrived at Hangtown, now Placer
vllle. El Dorado County, in August of
that year. He reached this city on Sep
tember 13, the same day that Senator
Broderick was killed in a duel with Judge
Terry. The following: year Mrs. Fraser
arrived in this city, via Panama, with
their three sons. Four children, all boys,
were born to the couple, two of them
only being left and both residing in this
city.
Mr. Fraser was elected a Supervisor for
the years 18S0 and 1SS1. He was chair
man of the Fire Committee and saved out
of his appropriations $40,000 to erect the
present fine brick corporation yard build
ing at 52 Sacramento street for the use
of the Fire Department. He has been
prominently identified with the four-Scot
tish socitles in this city, has been elected
chief nf two of them and held office in
the others. For the last thirty-five years
he has worked assiduously for the best
Interests of the Scotch colony In this
city and has always been a conspicuous
figure in full Highland costume at the
annual gathering and games of the so
cieties.
Presbyterian Church, Golden
Gate avenue and Polk street. A unique
feature of the celebration will be the
presence of about 100 members of Clan
Fraser with their plaid* and bonnets and
headed bv the clan pipers.
nR. and Mrs. Hugh Fraser of 624
Golden Gate avenue will cele
brate their golden wedding on
Monday evening at the United
NATIVE SON WHO WAS YES
TERDAY ORDAINED TO THE
CATHOLIC PRIESTHOOD.
Immediately the .children became 111 and
were seized with fits of vomiting and the
mother knew the poison had not taken
effect. Then she took the emetic. All of
them were sick all night, but no physi
cian was summoned. The mother admit
ted that she would have made another
attempt had she not been found this
morning.
There is no doubt that she Is insane
upon that subject, but upon other sub
jects she is as rational as anv person.
She says she contemplated killing her
children and herself months ago, but the
opportunity was not presented. Her only
reason for wishing their death arid her
own, she says, is because she fears she
will not be able to care for them prop
erly. This fear is groundless because she
has a number of well-to-do relatives who
will provide for her wants.
FAILURE OF POISON.
The little girl demurred because of the
taste of the drug, but the mother urged
her to take it. and the son, suspecting
nothing, took it first to show his sister
that he was not afraid. Then the daugh
ter swallowed her portion and the mother
too what remained.
When the letter was finished the chil
dren were asleep, and when she returned
from mailing it she says she looked at
them sleeping and thought it would be
cruel to awaken them, inasm h as that
was the last natural sleep ihey would
make, as she supposed. She therefore de
ferred poisoning them until Wednesday
night: On that night she produced the
poison, of which she had purchased six
ounces on Monday, and asked them to
take each about one-third of the contents
of the bottle.
Mrs. Hughlett did not try to conceal
what she had done, but told .of her move
ments ever since she left Berkeley last
Saturday. With her children, she arrived
here on Monday. Her purpose in coming
here was to be nearer the home of her
relatives, so they would not have the ex
pense of shipping her body and those of
her children from Berkeley, for she had
made up her mind to end all their lives.
Tuesday night she wrote the letter to her
sister, directing what disposition should
be made of her personal effects.
CONFESSION OF MOTHER.
The police searched all last night for
the little family, hoping that instead of
giving the children poison on Tuesday
night, as she had threatened in the let
ter she sent to her relatives ln Santa Ana,
she had deferred committing the crime.
The three were found early this morning
in a lodging-house on East Fifth street
near the Arcade depot. J. C. Thomas,
proprietor of the house, seeing the news
paper accounts of the woman's disappear
ance and what she had written to her
relatives, recognized her and notified the
police. The three were placed in the care
of relatives and were taken to Santa Ana
this evening. The mother will not be
given another opportunity to kill her chil
dren and it is probable that she will be
examined as to her sanity.
Realizing that her effort to end their
lives had failed, and not wishing to die
without them, the mother love asserted
itself and she prepared and took an
emetic of soapsuds and relieved herself
of the poison.
In her Insane desire to cause their
death and her own she administered more
than two ounces of the poison to each of
the children and then took about an equal
quantity herself. The drug sickened the
children and they threw it up, but the
mother retained it.
LOS ANGELES, July 16.— Only the
ignorance of the mother of the effects of
laudanum and the quantity necessary to
produce death prevented Mrs. Mary
Hughlett from murdering her two chil
dren, Frank, aged 14 years, and Grace,
aged 12 years, and then committing sui
cide.
Special Dispatch to The Call
TRUST DIRECTORS
TAKE AN APPEAL
John Kesley, the No. 6 pit boss, was
overcome by gas, but he was dragged into
the fresh air by his companions. A ru
mor spread that the flre boss, A. Gllles
pie, had been killed, but this was proved
to be unfounded, for although thrown
down by the force of the explosion, he
was uninjured and at once began the
work of rescuing the unfortunates.
VICTORIA, B. C, July 16.— An explo
sion of flre damp at the long incline in
No. 6 mine at Cumberland, the scene of
.the terrible explosion in February. 1902.
which caused the death of sixty-four
men, ended twelve lives last night. There
were fifty Chinese and one white man,
the pit boss, In the mine. The dead men
are Chinese. Six others were severely
burned, some perhaps fatally.
The miners were returning to their
stalls after lunch when the explosion oc
curred. The cause of it could not be
learned. The miners all worked with
safety lamps and it is unlikely that any
of their lights ignited the flre damp.
Manager Matthews and the pit bosses
hurriedly got together a rescue party
and went down, despite the danger from
after damp, to recover the bodies or res
cue any living miners. Matthews was the
first to descend the shaft and went to
ward the 1 seat of the flre, passing several
men who were making their way to the
pit bottom. To one of these, who was
nearly naked, he handed his coat and
hurried on to the front. Then other vol
unteers, including the pit bosses from the
other mines, followed down and as soon
as practicable began a search for the vic
tims.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Excessive Quantity of Laudanum Is
Given to the Little Ones and
They Kecover After a
Painful Illness.
Rescuers of Many Injured Laborers
Perform Heroic Acts in the Ef
fort to Save Their Friends
From Peril.
Atrocious Attempt to End
Lives Fails Through
Ignorance. -
Fire Damp in a Tunnel
Causes the - Appalling
Los Angeles Police Find
Mother Who Made
Threats.
Chinese Miners Suffer
Terrible Death at
Cumberland.
WOMAN TRIES
TO MURDER
HER CHILDREN
TWELVE MEN
LOSE LIVES
IN EXPLOSION
POPULAR YOUNG
MAN ELEVATED
TO PRIESTHOOD
THE HAN FBANCI6CO CALL. FRIDAY, JULY 17, 1903.
They Show Growth of Y. M. C. A. and Pre
dict Similar Organizations for Boys— -Pleas
for Early Training Are Made by Orators
CHRISTIAN WOMEN OPEN JUBILEE
WEEK WITH BRIGHT SPEECHES
One Hundred Members of Clan Fraser in
Plaid and Bonnet and Headed by the
Glan Piper Will Join in Merry-Making
MR. AND MRS. HUGH FRASER WILL
SOON CELEBRATE GOLDEN WEDDING
4
Framed closely with three or
four inch plain Flemish Brown
Oak will make a beautiful pic-
ture for your study. :
Highland Cattle is by that
celebrated Scotch artist, WIL-
LIAM WATSON.
HIGHLAND CATTLE..
NEXT SUNDAY'S
'ART SUPPLEMENT.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-gS^MEgtak Huf K£t "SLs^d^r it Er |j|p*lBp^
B «vf£i U i?«i OU Jr,??<r e ln '51? I**" 10 * department is a Blata law. The most Im-
proved and sanitary method* known to science are there in us«.
Every bottle is stertllxed and every precaution exercised.
At club or cafe or delivered in bottles to th« home.
Blatz is the beer of quality. .
BLATZ MALT-VIVINE O* Non-Intoxlcnt-For Tonic Purposes.
BRAONSCHWEIQER & CO., Inc.
__g < qo£J^Prumm_8t L SaD Froodsea Telephone Main 1646. Wholesale Ceotew.HEAD OF THE UNITED RAILROADS ON THE WITNESS STAND BE
FORE COMMISSIONER MURASKY YESTERDAY AND THE LEADER
OF THE CARMEN'S UNION, WHO WAS PRESENT.
ABERDEEN— Sailed July 16— Sehr Sophie
Christiansen, for San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Arrived July 16— Stmr Montara,
hence July- 12.'- - '• '
. - PORT . TOWNSEND— Sailed July . 16— G«r
ship Ellbek.; for United Kingdom.
Passed in , July 1#— Schr FS Rpdfleld, from
San Pedro. , for Blalne. '. \
TACOM A— Sailed July 10 — Br stmr Ajax, for
DOMESTIC. PORTS,
Late Shipping Intelligence.
I ARRIVED.
.':":. . Thursday, July 16.
Stmr Rainier, Hansen, 78 hours from What
com. •
Stmr Alcazar. Martin, 11 hours from Point
Arena. •
"Some one in whom I had implicit
faith," Mr. Benedict continued. "I'm not
sure about you."
Mr. Blood grew red. "And why not?"
he asked, with emphasis.
"Well,"." said Mr. Benedict, ''this is a
matter of absolute confidence, you see,
and they do say 'Blood will, tell.* "— N.
Y. Times.
"Well ?" replied Mr. Blood
In New York they are telling how, E.
C. Benedict remarked the other day to
S. L. Blood, at the latter's Broadway
office, that he had an important matter
tb'talk over with some one he coiftd trust.
Now, Mr. Benedict and Mr. Blood are
close friends.
Not a Good Confidant.
A question of the highest interest is
whether or not the slight mutual Influ
ences of the planets will 'destroy In the
lapse of time the present general configu
ration of the solar system. It is conceiv
able that the large planets may collide,
or that part or all of them may be pre
cipitated on the sun. or that the eccen
tricities of - their orbits may become so
great that radical changes of seasons will
result from their varying distances.
Thus, if the eccentricity of an orbit
should be reduced to one-half, the planet
would Betnree times more distant at
aphelion than at perihelion, and in the
former case it would receive one-ninth
as much heat and light as in the latter.
A rigorous mathematical answer- to the
question of stability is by no means easy.
What can be legitimately Inferred from
the investigations which have. been made
on this subject? Only this— unless there
are other forces involved than those con
sidered the general configuration of the
solar system will remain much as it is at
present for a long time., probably tens of
thousands or even millions. of years. The
statements made In many excellent popu
lar books that the stability of the solar
system for. all time has been proved is
entirely too strong nnd has absolutely no
logical foundation. 1 The mathematical
evidence is no better than that furnished
.by. geology and. biology, and such sweep
ing conclusions cannot' be drawn from
the data . furnished by any science.— New
York Sun.
Stability of the Solar System.
The Special Senses of Animals.
Dr. Werner of Vienna has lately print
ed the results of his observations upon
the special senses of animals, especially
upon the senses of reptiles and amphibi
ans. He concludes that these latter are
capable of going directly toward water,
which attracts them, so, to say, even at
long distances. .Light acts upon them, in
dependently of heat. In winter they quit
warm lairs to go to sunlight. Their sight
is generally good: and is probably their
most acute sense; yet their vision Is very
limited. Crocodiles cannot distinguish a
man at distances • above ten times their
length. Fish see for only short distances.
The vision of serpents is poor. The boa
constrictor, for example, can see no fur
ther than a third of its own length. Some
snakes see no further than one-clghth of
their length. Frogs are better endowed
and see twenty times their length.' The
hearing of all , these animals Is even
worse than their sight. Most reptiles are
deaf, especially : boa-constrictors. ' "Deaf
as an adder" may represent a careful ob
servation of our ancestors.— New York
Sun. // ;;T
gotiatlng with China the terms and con
ditions under which the new ports are to
be opened.
It may be stated that had the United
States Government cared to pursue a sel
fish policy it might easily have obtained
promises of special privileges from Rus
sia, but Secretary Hay has held to the
broader doctrine of the open door in Man
churia for the whole world.
TATTJNGKAO IS FAVORED.
Respecting the two ports mentioned 'as
likely to be opened, namely, Moukden and
Tatungkao, it may be said that, both po
litically and from a trade point of view,
the latter port is apt Jo prove the more
Important, though the place is so little
known now that the name Is not to be
found on many of the best charts. It lies
on the right bank of the .Yalu River, not
far from its mouth, and it is close to the
Korean town of Weju, an important trade
center, which undoubtedly will prove trib
utary to the new port. At present Ta
tungkao does not amount to much, but
rapid development is looked for as soon
as it becomes a treaty port. At first the
United States Government Bought to have
Takushan made an open port In this part
of Manchuria, but the Japanese favored
Tatungkao, and the United States aban
doned the former when It appeared that
the latter port is open all the year
around, while Takushan is closed by ice
during several winter months.
Moukden Is at the head of navigation on
the Liao River and Is the point from
which caravans start through Manchuria
and Siberia. It is now the largest port in
Manchuria next to Newchwang.
Simultaneously with the promise to open
up Manchuria to the world's trade comes
a report to the Btrreau of Commerce and
Labor from United States Consul Miller
at Newchwang. which thus far is the only
open port In Manchuria, respecting the
cotton goods trade of that province. He
says that the great market for cotton
goods in Manchuria Is attracting the
earnest attention of Russian manufactur
ers at Moscow. They are seeking to cap
ture a good share of the $12,180,000 worth
of cotton goods trade that annually comes
through this port, and are offering tempt
ing Inducements to merchants to go to
Moscow to purchase their supplies. The
Consul refers to a dispatch to the Minis
ter In Peking in which the latter men
tioned that a Russian agent had taken a
number of merchants to Moscow to make
a contract for the importation of the
drills imitating American products. The
Consul reports the return of these mer
chants to Newchwang because the drills
were not quite up to the American stand
ard in quality.
AMERICANS MUST AWAKEN.
The completion of the Siberian Railway
the Consul says, haa brought a ne,w factor
Into the gTeat cotton goods trade of North
China, and American manufacturers must
be alive to the situation and adjust their
business arrangements to meet these new
conditions if they wish to hold their trade
The volunteer fleet, heavily subsidized
by the Russian Government, Is bringing
Russian goods to North China at very low
freight rates, and these goods are being
entered at. Port Arthur and Dalny with
out paying any customs duties; besides
the port charges for ships are nominal
and there are no pilot charges. American
goods go first to Shanghai, where cus
toms duties and port charges for storage
and handling are paid, and are. then re
shipped to Newchwang, where freight
pilotage, port and handling charges are
again paid.
.._ Tw £ local 8Ociet y qiieene at variance. Read
the Wasp's kobsIp. . •
Bliss Carman, the poet, tells of a young
friend of his who was seeking apartments
In Boston's aristocratic 'section, Beacon
Hill. At one house he was received by
the landlady, a spinster of uncertain age
and aggressive refinement of manner.
Awed . to a great degree . by the ' young
lady's manner 'the rather . nervous young
man stammered:'
"And would It be possible for me to se*
cure apartments In your house, Mrs.
Blank?", ,
Whereupon the ¦ spinster held herself
even stralghter than before and replied
with haughty reproof:
"Miss Blank, sir!" Miss— from choice."—
New York Times. - : . -
Celibate From Choice.
The trial just ended was the second in
which Zidmair was defendant. He was
charged with having shot and killed
George Relder In April, 1901. He was con
victed of murder in the flrgt degree on
his first trial and sentenced to be hanffSd.
He was later granted a new trial on er
rors of the lower court. It is understood
that his counsel will move for a new trial
and that an appeal will then be taken if
an order denying the new trial is made.
• The case has attracted a great deal of
attention, principally because of the de
fense set up. Murderer and victim came
to Montana from Bohemia twelve years
ago and were prosperous neighboring
ranchers. Zidmair asserted that Reider
had ruined his daughter, the disgrace of
which caused his wife to commit suicide.
When he reproached Reider for his al
leged ¦• misconduct he asserts Reider at
tacked him with an ax and that he then
shot him In self-defense.
The victim's body was buried on the
spot and no report made of the crime for
a year, which evidently had great weight
with the jury.
HELENA, Mont., July 16.— Martin Zid
mair is again in the shadow of the gal
lcws. The Jury which heard the evidence
In his case returned a verdict of guilty
of murder In the first degree at Living
ston to-day. Zidmair showed no emotion
when the Clerk of Court read the verdict.
To all appearances he was not Interested
In the outcome. .
The couple arrived here about ten days
ago and took rooms at a hotel. The
man was not over 24 years old. and the
woman about , 21. From a letUr found
In Craven's pocket which he wrote yes
terday and addressed to his parents at
Sanger the cause of the murder and sui
cide wss made clear. Craven wrote that
he could not live without the woman; that
she had frequently deserted him, and that
death alone would' keep them together.
SALINAS, July 16. — Charles E. Craven,
son of a prominent rancher at Sanger,
Cal., murdered a young woman named
Sadie Block, daughter of the president of
the Block Manufacturing Company of
Virginia, and then committed suicide.
This afternoon the Sheriff was notified
that the couple could not be aroused by
repeated knocking on the door of their
room. When It was broken open the bod
ies of Craven and the woman were found
on a bed. Both were cold in death with
their throats cut from ear to ear.
From the position of the bodies It is
supposed that Craven killed the woman
and then ended his own life.
FRESNO, July 16.— Edward Pascoe, a
wealthy rancher of Corlew'p Meadows,
Pine Ridge, has mysteriously disappeared,
and his nearest friends express the opin
ion that he has been murdered.
Pascoe came to Fresno in the latter
part of April to transact business of im
portance. While here he purchased a
light spring wagon and a horse, and left
hi? new outfit at a livery stable on April
22, stating he would call for It the fol
lowing morning. On the same day he ar
ranged to take a friend with 'him the
next day to his ranch on Pine Ridge, and
his friend was at the stable in due
time, but Pascoe was not there.
On May 13, according, to the cashier of
the People's Savings Bank, he visited the
bank and cashed a check for J400. He was
told at .the time that Inquiries were be
ing made for him, but he said everything
was all right. He left the bank and has
not been seen since, and so far as can
be learned has been seen by no one ex
cept the bank officials since April 22.
J. F.' Meyers, who owns a ranch ad
joining that of Pascoe on Pine Ridge, and
who was a sort of business partner, as
serts that he is positive his friend met
with foul play. He knows Pascoe had a
considerable sum of money when he came
to this city, and says the man would not
neglect his interests on the ranch for so
long if he were alive. Pascoe Is about
44 years old.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
Martin Zidmair Stands
in the Shadow 1 of
the Gallows.
Rich Rancher of Fresno
County Strangely
Disappears.
Young Lover Murders a
Girl and Then Kills •
Himself.
CRIME CLOSES
HAPLESS ROMANCE
FRIENDS THINK
HE WAS SLAIN
VERDICT CARRIES
DEATH PENALTY
The salient Interesting facts about the
cruiser Colorado, launched near Philadel
phia a few weeks ago, are,: She is of the
new series; will have a speed of twenty
five miles an hour, or that of the ocean
liner; will have a greater number of
heavy rapid-fire guns than any other ves
sel, and, being named after a State, the
average reader will take her for a battle
ship, names of cities hitherto having oeen
used for cruisers, while names. of States
were held sacred to battleships.
At the close of yesterday's session Liv
ernash said he would like to recall Mr.
Holland for a short time this morning.
In reference to a boycott being levied
against the United Railroads by the
trades unions of San Francisco > Holland
said that such a step would mean that
tho company would find it very expen
sive for a while, and that there would be
no immediate profit. He considered that
if the men were to receive an Increase
to $3 a day for nine hours' work it would
cost the company about $700,000 a year
more.
"I think the men in their own hearts
think that their demands are extreme,"
he continued.
tion yesterday, but I say again that we
get lots of applicants who would be will
ing to work for less than the present
rate. Inquiries I have made into the la
bor market assure me that we could get
all the men we want who would be will
ing to work for a sum not anything near
what has been paid by tnls company for
the last few years.
AMERICA SCORES DIPLOMATIC TRIUMPH
"Yes. sir. that is Just what I mean,"
replied Holland.
"Well, supposing you had a strike on
with your carmen: you say you could
get Dlentv of men to take their places
as platform men?"
"Yes, sir, we could," President Holland
again answered, after having been asked
the Question at least a dozen times dur
ing the dav. "We went into the ques-
PLENTY OF CHEAP MEN.
"Well. then, you mean that trade un
ions must be more conservative In their
demands Mr. Holland?" asked Livernash.
"I think the position Is very danger
ous." he answered. "I think that we are
standing on the brink of a financial crisis
and that the next time there Is a poor
crop it will be felt all over the whole
country."
expect this matter to be settled satisfac
torily to the men."
"Do you think, then. thi.t trade unions
are making: wages too high?" he was
asked.
Then Livernash tried to extract from
President Holland his views' on trades
unionism.
"Are you friendly to the Carmen's Un
ion. Mr. Holland?" asked the attorney.
"Yes. sir." Holland replied. He fur
ther exnlained that he understood that
the Carmen's Union was maintained for
the purpose of Increasing the wages of
the men. He wound up his statement,
however, with the remark, "You cannot
President Holland was on the stand all
day yesterday and he did little practically
but Indorse what he had said the day
previous. Once in a while his mind would
wander from the subject of cross-ex
amination and then Attorney Moore
would swoop down and drag him out of
the dangerous going. For Instance. Hol
land stated once that the wages of farm
hands in this State were Ho a month.
"Wait a minute. Mr. Holland: you did
rot understand that question, did you?"
asked Moore. "Please read him the ques
tion again. Mr. Reporter. "You don't
mean to say that farmhands earn $45 a
month and th€ir board, do you, Mr. Hol
land?"
. THOBN FOB LIVERNASH.
'•Why no. of course not," responded Mr.
Holland. "I meant that the farmhands
get Ho a month and about J15 of that is
deducted for board and room."
The most Irritating thorn in the side of
Lievraash was the statement by Presi
dent Holland that he could get at any
time 2C»Xi men who would be glad to take
the places of the union platform men and
would work for the old schedule that was
in effect before the strike of April. 1902.
"Where could you get these men, Mr.
-Holland 7" asked Livernash.
"Oh. lots of places." answered Holland
cheerfully. "I am sure that if there was
a strike among the carmen in this city
that farmhands and laborers in the coun
try would flock here to take their places.
I don't like to discuss the subject, as I
don't want the impression to go out that
I am oppossed to or wish to fight the
Carmen's Union."
During the day President Holland gave
the real inside information concerning the
company's idea about the adjustment of
the trouble. He said he thought if the
carmen were given a flat rate of 25 cents
an hour they would be getting a great
• deal more than they really expected they
would get and that they would not think
of another raise. He further explained
that by giving the men the increase It
would establish "permanent industrial
peace."
President Holland evidently has high
hnpes that the board of arbitration will
not grant the carmen's demands of J3
a day for nine hours' work. He laughed
et the demands as preposterous. -«*-/ -V
THINKS $3 ZXOBBITANT.
"Now. Mr. Holland, supposing that the
arbitration board awarded the carmen a
wage of 33 1-3 cents an hour, or $3 a
day. would you be willing to pay !t?"
he was asked by counsel for the union.
"I can't conceive that a reasonable man
in his risht mind would ever make such
an award." said Holland. "I would not
want to intimate for a moment that I
believed anything- like this would ever
occur. To talk about a man being in his
right mind is putting it very strong, but
it is the right expresson on this sub
ject."
* - I have received the information from
two different persons," continued Liver
nash. "that all day yesterday you and
Mr. Young were exchanging nods and
w-irJis behind my back, and I want it to
stop."
"Let me assure you, Mr. Livernash.
that nothing of the kind has occurred."
said Holland
"Well. if it has not occurred, you must
be very cross-eyed, sir," said Livernash,
a-nd then the incident closed.
torney Uvernash ' yester
day raornlnff during the taking of testi
mony to go before the arbitration board
selected to settle the differences between
the United Railroads and Its employes.
Livemash's admonition had the re
sult of bringing a storm of denials from
both President Holland, •who was on the
¦witness stand, and David Young, Brown
Brce." representative, who •wi^s aroused
from. a. deep reverie. The situation was
6otnewhat suggestive of the scene of Sam
"VTeUer on the stand In the famous Pick
¦wiek triaL
* * TT^v o?f * T you nod# Mr - Holland;
II il * ob^ ect to ? our habit of
J I Jt exchanging nods Trtth Mr.
'¦ *"^ Young." snapped out At-
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 17, 1903.
Attorney Livernash Waxes Angry While Examining Presi
dent Holland of United Railroads — Witness Says De
mands of Corporation's Employes Are Not Reasonable
WRATH OF COUNSEL FOR THE CARMEN
IS AROUSED BY EXCHANGE OF NODS
5
HIGHLAND CATTLE.
NEXT SUNDAY'S
. v ABT SUPPLEMENT.
Framed closely with three or
four inch plain Flemish Browa
Oak will make a beautiful pic-
ture for your study.
Highland Cattle is by that
celebrated Scotch artist, WIL-
LIAM WATSdN. • " .
ADVZBTISEMENTS.
]>U& of her life. Becoming
a mother should be % a source cf joy to all, but the suffering and
danger incident to the ordeal nr»Hes its anticipation one of misery.
Mother's Friend is the only remedy which relieves women of the great
pain and danger of maternity ; this hour which is dreaded as woman's
6everest trial is not only made painless, but all the danger is avoided
by its use. Those who use this remedy are no longer despondent or
gloomy; nervousness, nausea and other distressing conditions are
overcome, the system is made ready for the coming event, and the
serious accidents so common to the critical
hour are obviated by the use of Mother's H£I/\ $|K /fkH>9o
Friend. "It is worth its weight in gold," {W|S|I |i^| r %
says many who have used it. $1.00 per If fl V 1 11 VI . V
bottle at drug stores. Book containing
valuable information of interest to all women, will
be sent to any addrcw free upon application to g j |b"1|1|
BRAD FIELD REGULATOR OO.* Atlanta, Oa. H ¦ 1V11M
THE EMPOBItTO. | THE EMPOBIUM. / * | THE EMPOBIUM. | THE EM^OBTUM.
I Did You Ever \y/F* jG*" r • Girls' School Hats J
| See a Jug Made? V JfficMrMlsfanJ'MiiMf a * Cut Prices i
K It'i a very interesting operiton. An «p:rt pottery &**^^~S M MwflS / WW / MM ft. Those pretty, w'de brimmed, imooth and rough itravr '^
•f maker is giring exhibit* daily from iotou 3 m. and i to CALIFORNIA'S '¦* ¦ ¦ "¦ r^ m ~ ¦— J"U, trimmed with ribbons and long streamers; solid color, «
i> , „ , _. . . ¦ . > mmmimnTKMt^^^^^^^^ dark rtds and navy blues and white. „*
» 5 p. m. in the Croccery Department on mam floor. He u -^^&B*M* lt AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE The f I oo hat. now 7 5n *
ft from one of the largest potteries in the Eist, and his skill in „. . , „ . - j ' . , : .: " _ * " . It. "2
g , . . . „ „.„/•,../•,, : ., ¦ t , • i- , u Special Sale Goods ordered by mail The 51.15 hati now QSo 3
& fashioning all torts of ustful utensils out of clay is little short r , , .* -rt 1 l , s* s\ »-» a^'^m c
5 of marvelous. ., x or telephone will not be sent C O. D. , The $1.50 hat* now ... . $1.W *
t W*%SMSm»m*. I -a ji / >^ \ $1.00 and $1.5 O Sty les \
* *m?Jl? Shirts 79c \
s Half Price 'mmS^^Y rr -""y aca-up $
1i , ,' . ¦ /•• ¦ . 2&\ /f^ i ¦ &J vv Several hundred dozen .of the . rery choicest ."
J OUiy wican-up ¦ -^ <^ ff f7 'if Jpk "^T% m£Lf* "^v~Jlt *' Summer styles in i\fen l s Shim; stripes, lace jj
£• Many small lots of dotted tuxedos, fc^P?^^ NkJ? JL W^ ©k^ f| §1 f*l^2fr effects, plain and p'ejtrd bosoms— the Ji.oo "n
t£ e i_-o- J r "-;< •!• //X^& /KVYl XAw v > S-' r JX. XX. IffiffiSfHTr 1 ' '-—^ and $1.50 kind — secured by our New York •*
I fine chiffons and fancy mesh veiling*, f((^\^Mi, A. _ _- WWt' • " : -"\\ buyer .much under regular pricey are of- ."
j£ in blacks, magpie^ jackdaw, etc.", male- VC&k C&JJi /%k \k^VW*^!l '^^W^* ratllN -"@) : ** ***** now ~~ " 2e * 14 to 17 #~~ 7O #» 3
J! ing in the aggregate many hundred J&- -t^. V v © ' ' •>'•".'¦'{ .J" '. ' 1~ ' i.' '.' ' ' „ , %
•f , •,. 1 N5! Ss5^ O^ T ..•¦•¦••.• -\[ Men's SOo Neckwear— Balance •'
ft yards; .veilings that were 25c, 50c, I ", . of a jobber's stock; hundreds of diweas of "^
Jf 75c and >.oo the yard, now one- With every school suit bought here we _will give free, untilfurthcr 5
»r half off . notice, either a good American nickel-plated, full sized open-face watch (excel- stylish Tecks, now . .,..,.. 13 C *
X 13 O. 25o, 38 O. SOo lent timekeeper), or a Brownie Camera, guaranteed to be a perfect picture- Boys' Unlaundcrod Shirts— S
V tiker. These suits are as good as can be bought for the prices in tny fint-class store in America.' Good linen bosoms — New' York miH« mu«- X
i J-fe » •_ _^il^ -'VaiSr— . Boys' Norfolk and Double- FaU patterns In guaranteed all-wool materials; lm-cut full lengths and widths, never leu J
6 bliOvGSm jfiTOG Brcnstcd SuitS-Excellently made stylishly cut, perfect fitting; sizes for 10 to than 50c regularly; July clean-u? OQ- *
»' , _ /-,¦•¦ of al'-wool fabrics; evrrysutnlcelvtrimmel 19 years $4.95 price, each JCZJt* ,%
* Women's Z-clasp. Taffeta Gloves, fast and perfect fittng; sizes for 8 to 1 s years . July Clean-tip Of Men's O~mmS8**mm**~ -»—*# %
f black, sizes 6 to 8, pair . . 2Bc ....... $3.45 Clothing Continues. ~T Ort i er S.f ? iIlf 5
I Women', 2-cUap Milanese Lisle Thread 1^.^^^^^^ ' ''^S&^SSST* 9 I
fc GlOVCS-Superfine qUa.ity, black, . f ectly ta i,' or ed; size, for 8 to ,6 year,.' . . now ........'.... S9.BO M , ny «maU k^of T.jSS P^rtkra-onlr S
g white, gray or tan, pjir . . 5OC • • '• :....... . $4.95 #i7*5<> »nd $20! oc. Suits -Thirty broken lines , t0 .3 %,!„ o f a kind— the latett dalgni b J
Sf EmprCSS Kid GIOVCS— Best #I.OO glove Boys' Long Pants Suits— New in a wide range of fabrics; now . $11. SO Rep> Mercerized and plain effects, marked to £
5 we have ever seen, every pair fitted - • - A - > - . ¦'-' ¦' ¦. close during the July Clean-up: Jj
i and guaranteed; modes, grays, bea. Jllty GlOati-Up Of 'K I
I ers,whueandfast black, pr. 5 /.OO WaSH W&iStS, SMHS '& S 3 ?o!°oo " » jj
i Scl : o6 ' D^ sse8 and Wash Dresses A**;*Jt^ '.' . .^ S
5 at cut prices ; SIIk Walst$ _ Color , and white> that hayc n 5s . TO ; j&^. *>' p-*» «* \
I July Clean-up , MM* and 57.50 each, now . $2.98 £ Trt^nslz^ 1 5 -oo Curtain. S3. 7 5 I
i All ofour misses' and children', wash <P^ V^I^Z^t^Z^ $&&£&* fc&SS-SS S
S dresses in white lawns, pique,, colored \±jF blue and white, now g .... f .'.,.. 65o ijflSZ^SSr i ik TtefcS il? *
g ginghams, serges, ducks and zephyrs, JS^l $1.00 White Oxford Waisti-newen «y!e f now '... . . 78O che8 - m diameter. Tuly Ocan-up. pric^ «
% not all sizes in each style, but al! sizes /^MlV jfS ' H° ". . ,. • • • I I . ?'. iJo S
* from 6 to nyearsinsomeofthe styles, /^fMf§\ JB^^^^^^^jSS W^^^Mff^ 5
S now reduced to prices like theie: A ]; J X MWf A $1. 95 to $2.25 White Lawn Waists- Now $1.58 \Vct»"i%% \ Vc S * SI n M
% 51.^5 and $x. 50 dresses. . . 98c /Iv/fe. ! M \ V ' \ ) S r?' 37 "^ S« . 29% I c Set, \ . B9b \
i All the < 1. 7 5 dresses . . .$1.18 \ \ \ \ I V W M Dr ""*- Extra l P ee » 1 P^es «lunng July aean-up of wood rings. ....... fOo %
jr mi me S> * - / > «»>¦•« .• • • *piulO « \ \'\ I liy/r fcr the best styles of lawn, grass linen, cbambray, crash, duck ,. n ,,,t,, f . * „:. bZL £
% SZ.25. #2. S O, #2.59 Besses $1.59 \ Wfl and butcher linen «a,h dres«- ' . . ! S ISO S
$2.98, # 3 .2J, $3.50, #3.98 dresses M^J^^WV? J."' to f Dre " e^ nOW ' * ' * * fi'SS " ! I ;c wood icke«, per pair.* .'....'. 5O I
$ $2.18 ¦ Y^ r The $3.98 Dres.es now f?"gg 25 Oak Grilles-Th.t wfll extend from (,# feet J5
g S 5 .oo and $5 -5o dre.scs. . $3.5O \ ' ' !
5" $9-75 and #10.75 dresses . $6.50 dot piques and linen dress skirts, all prettily made up, strapped, piped and flounced, very-much "»M**5 **-5 » " '^'^ J
*( >l I.50 and Si 2. 50 drc:s=s $6.95 underpriced at . .Sil.OO, $1.50, $1.98, $2. SO t° $4.5O ButtCr SsfC *
*•; UnusG FurttishintMS The July Clean-up Lessens the Prices on ' WitieS and LiUUOrS -J
jf nOUS»L, rurni&Mng& . ¦'•¦¦¦»¦¦ w mm *A- To-Day and Saturday «
j duly acon-up. Fu B*nstu re „ Rugs and Mattings Butter »^™z^^^^^ ;,
* To the many things needed in the l mm - . « Z „, ¦ c , \ j ' ¦¦ •- secured 4000 squares of the choicest Cream- .%
K u r nn .T^z-ial «!«. in tV?. A. Monarch Smyrna RugS— Choice of teveral thousand, f-v erv that most stores are askbg 50c for, and {•
£ home now on special sale in this dc- - m the newe$t patter^ b rght, lasting coloring,, at these Jow price,: MSSk offer it to^ay and Saturday at JM + _ \
". partment, we add to-day: *i.io size (f8x36) for. 77o iwinwiS *TmC j«
3f Door Mats— Cocoa fiber, size 14x28 ' $1.50 me f 21x45) for & m VL M fftPfllB Hock White Wine- Extra special; gaUon 45o «
•J 24O Ji.ios.ze 26x54) for VSZ 5 * M/ll'M'I Zinfandel- An extra^ quality, 5 year, old; regu- 5
5 Wrought Iron Brackets-Fancy shape JSifiiSSl for Zi'IS Jf^SL 7S * * *** '" ' B 5o J
3 fbr 8 hangin g lamp, cages or flower New Japane^aitlngs -^ *%*£ white Ttt S
X pot?, the 12 inch Size. . . 29C an! mixed designs in a fin: line ot paf.em?, this week: \v \)&d?^$hy£M ' eal'.on ' ' $3 OO &
1 Iron Frame Wrin 2 crs-io inch roIU Tho SS.OORolls for $5.85-A ni^ 0 f^ fe^g^fflM Sw«t W^-v^ choice A^icaor^ ;?
: 2 W CT l' '^ \-' " 'tC '\ • $ f2 '°<> MorrlS Chair $6.95-SoUd go'den oak fite-^f^jF^ EaS"m Alt'ohoC^rt totde'. | ' ! 7%b '5
j Washing Machines— The large Size frames good springs in teat bra., ratchet and >ron bar to raise and U ' "^ V Duff ., Medicina ,^ aU Whiskey-Bot 76O *
2 imoroved Western Washer, marked lower the back; handjomely cover-d reven:be j>— q.f iW Choice Oaret—OM wine, gallon. . 45o «
J for the clean-up . . . . . . . . $3.95 cush ° n • " • •••••'• " ¦ ¦ «5K T M»H Nutrinc — Anheuser, Busch Sc Co.; S
I Gas !tove and Tublng-l-burner, high grad-, J*.oo Cane Seated Dn-ng Chain now . . ... . . . . SU27 . # >" ¦ dozen $2.25 *
g with 8 feet of tubin,, only .... $1.79 Fl " e Brass-Trimmed Mttal Bed- Heavy subsant.al pd.an; the oval head and foot pieces havt q^^ , n pint bottles 25O 'I
JC Carpet Sweepjrs-The Standard Bh»el& Co., lacquered and burn.shed bran spindles, regularly cut for the clean- O/l Old G'obe Whiskey— Straight sour ma<h Bour- 'Z
£ only. , $1.96 to. .,. . &^1.&U . . . ° _ .$2.25 5
V 8 inch Ourich Feather Du?t:rs . . . . 19c $17-5° Metal Beds $12.65 JfsS. 50 Metal Beds . . • • -$21.65 Reisling or Sauterne— 5 yrars; gallon . 7So *
J No. 8 tire nickel phttd Tea Kettle . '. 98O 5so.oo Metal Beds $13. 8O J32.50 Mtul Beds $24. SO Peach Brandy Cordial— Bottle . . . 7 So "2
J* High Gade Moth Powder, box. .. . . IOC I". 5© Metal Beds $16.75 S40.00 MeUl Beds . ... .$31.35 Duff Gordon Sherrv— Imported; gal $4.Ol) '%
K^ '.1
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BACK EAST
EXCURSIONS
BY THE
JULY 12th. 13th, 14th,
15th and 16th.
AUGUST 18th and 19th,
25th and 26 th.
TtiEHE AND BACK
\ ONE FARE.
I STOP-OVERS OO-DAY LIMIT.
Ask Agents
SANTA FE
For Particulars
641 MARKET STREET
lill; eSjr ipraBTaS
H 8 1 H PS 1 si? iF^fl
DDTTCU17C J" 011 barbers, ba-
JjllU Oil HD kers - bootblacks, bath-
..*7*;7f * ,T house*, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-raakert, cannera,
dyers, flour mill*, foundries, laundries. p»per-
hangera. printers, painters, shoo factories.
¦tablemen, tar- roofers, tanners, tallam «C
BUCEA17AH BK03,
Snub Manufacturer*, 609 Sacramento St.News in Army Circles.
The detachment of artillery stationed at
the Presidio held a field day yesterday.
Private Joseph F. Parsons, Company D,
Thirteenth Infantry, won first honors in
the battalion small arms practice at Be
nlcla last week, with ascore of 421 out of
a possible 550 points. , .
Italian Minister to the United States
Des Planches paid an official visit to Gen
eral MacArthur at the latter's headquar
ters in the Phelan building yesterday.
Townsend's Calif ornia glace fruits and
candies, 50c a pound, in artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bldg.*.
Special - Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Mala 1042. *
An American 1 woman' has become; the dispatches
say, the Empress of Korea. It is strange what ' re
markable versatility "AmericanTwomeri'.can display in
the expression of their affections, but if the lady is
satisfied , in this instance there certainly, can ' be no
reason for iis to complain/ ¦ "
A white woman killed herself the other day be
cause ; ; a coolie, with.. a 'fine sense of the fitness of
things,,: refused, to marry her. ' A's if to complete a
job to- which he had no.liking. and rid his brain of
its burden of unwelcome* memory,' the Chinese paid
the money. necessary to bury the woman.
The Hawaiian'Legislature has involved itself in one
of the' most remarkable squabbles of governmental
history. It cannot agree" upon the salaries to be
paid ; to . public officials, with whom it is friendly.
The memory of man docs. not run to the time when
salaries of men in the public service were not fixed
for all the tariff would -bear. .
EUROPEAN criticism of American art of al
most any kind is not as a rule very cheerful
reading for us. Even when they commend us
they do .so with a sort of condescension implying a
belief that we are not in the same class with them-,
selves and that praise given to us means no' more'
than so much patrpnizing approval given to a smart
boy. It appears, however, that in one art we have
really captured Europe and are leading crowned
heads and artists alike in triumnh. behind our vic
torious chariot wheels. That art is the art of stage
dancing. /- : .V ->
The average American has not looked upon stage
stepping of any kind, from the skirt dance .to the
cakewalk, as a source of national pride, but it seems
we shall have to do so if we wish to have any pride
at all. Lontj ago "reports came in "that the cakewalk
had captured Berlin, had been approved with de
light by the Kaiser, and had been danced by high dig
nitaries and stately dames at a court reception. Only
recently it is announced that King Edward, who^has
not many points of sympathy or affinity with the
Kaiser, has agreed with him orTthat one at any rate
and has had cakewalk festivities at Sandrihghanv •
The approval of crowned heads is flattering from
a social point of view, but it is worth nothing in the
\ ir!d of art, and. consequently we may note with de
light that artists as well as Kings and Emperors have
found joy in the American. dance and are looking to
it as to the coming. of a new era. in the realms of
WHERE WE LEAD
If the war, cloud which seems, to be hovering so
persistently, over, the. Orient ever breaks it may del
uge the nations which look apparently »vith so much
kindness on its appearance- with.a rain, of » common
sense, out of which may grow a wholesome respect
for one another. The belligerents may find that it
costs as much in blood and money to be* victors as
well as vanquished. . .. .-,..'.
Complaint is being made that the Shamrock III
can find no wind for her practice spins in prepara
tion for the great race. It. is extremely unlikely that
during any stage in the big game she will find any
thing to blow about.
Arrangements— J. J. Joell, chairman: H.
Kraua Dr. C. H. Walworth. Mrs. E. J. Tug
well and Mrs. H. C. Schaertzer..
Reception— J. W. Tarpley, J. - "YV. Bryant,
Margaret Lewis. Rose McCall. Anna Smiley,
Mrs. Maud Holllstcr. Verona Llnge. Mary Zim
merman, Alice McCall, Mrs. A. S. Joell, Emma
Salebury, Lillian E. Tugwell, Carrie . Byrne,
Inez M. Aikeu and Mabel Seary.
Floor — Dr. C. H. Walworth. manager: A.
Wlckersham, assistant manager: OeorKe W. H.
Probert, F. S. Paul, Fred Duden. Norman R.
Hill, J. A. Matthews and D. M. Nicholas.
Last, evening Volunteer Council No. 153
held a" reception in Golden Gate Hall to
the officers and members of the Supreme
Council. There was a large number of
people in the very tastefully decorated
hall.
The committees in charge of the affair
were:
The Supreme Council of the Order of
Pendo was engaged all day yesterday in
revising and amending the constitution
and making changes for the better pro
tection of members. To-day there will
be another session to continue in that
work and to-morrow the new officers will
be installed.
Volunteer Council No. 159 Tenders
Reception to Officers in
Golden Gate Hall. .
PENDO SUPREME C0UN.CIL
AMENDS CONSTITUTION
WASHINGTON. July 16.— Secretary Ha/
and Minister Arrlga to-day exchanged ratifica
tion? of the Guatemalan extradition treaty,
which was signed some time ago. The treaty
Is on modern lines.
Oakland Lodge of Good Templars will
welcome Grand Chief Templar T. D.
Kanouse in its Iodgero6ms, 1060 Broad
way, this evening, on which occaston the
lodge will hold an open meeting.
To Welcome the Chief.
LOS ANGELES. July 16.— Fire to-day in
the oil district threatened a serious con
flagration for a time, but was brought
under control after doing $4000 damage to
derricks and tanks. The fire started in
the dry grass near a snmphole and soon
enveloped a rig standing In the midst of
a hundred rigs, tanks and numerous
sumpholes. The flre department succeed
ed In confining the fire to the one prop
erty.
Flames Damage Oil Tanks.
The Board of Health met yesterday and
received the report of Its committee in
forming the board that Mayor Schmitz
had refused to give his sanction to the
printing of the monthly health report of
the department. The committee reported
that the Mayor's objection was based on
the ground that the monthly report -would
contain actual statistics as to the health
and sickness of each resident In San
Francisco. The matter was referred back
to the committee with instructions to
again confer with the Mayor.
Mayor Objects to Report.
The sentiment of the league on the ques
tion of levying an arbitrary assessment
on the members was freely expressed, and
a resolution declaring against such as
sessment was adopted. C. H. Garoutte,
who was among the advocates of the
building enterprise, did not favor the pol
icy of assessing the members to raise the
money to buy land and build a clubhouse.
Co'.onel George H. Pippy. president of the
Union League, is not discouraged by tho
failure of the initial effort to provide the
league with a new home, and will con
tinue agitation in behalf of the enterprise.
A committee consisting of W. H. Ma
honey, T. V. Cator and E. S. Gates was
appointed to look into the articles of in
corporation to ascertain if the club was
vested with authority to erect and rent a
building and to acquire and mortgage real
estate.
The Union League Club's option to -pay
$5000 to secure the Rosenfeld lot, at the
southeast corner of Stockton street and
Union Square avenue, expired at 2 p. m.
yesterday, while Thomas V. Cator was
speaking on the subject. A vote of thanks
was given to the Rosenfeld brothers for
their kindness in holding the site at the
club's disposal for such a considerable
length of time. It was voted to prolong
the existence of the committee of twenty
five and reinvest it with authority to ex
amine building sites.
Members of the League Declare
Against the Levy of Arbi
trary Assessment.
CLUB OPTION ON UNION
SQUARE LOT EXPIRES
AHWANEE— C. City. The books on
Indian names do not give the definition
of the name Ahwanee. The question
asked was submitted to the Bureajj of
American Ethnology of the Smithsonian
Institution and the reply from there is:
"Your query as to the meaning of Ah
wanee has been referred here and there
for several months, but no one has been
able to give the meaning. '. Inclose- note
from A. S. ' Gottschett. one of dur"l»est
men." The note referred to is as follows:
"I have not yet secured the meaning of
Ahwanee, but think the name was an im
portation from the East." Can any of
the readers of this department give the
meaning of this word, which is the name
of a place in the Yosemlte Valley?
Such are the declarations which the educators of
the country have to make to the American people.
Compared with resolutions that emanate from the
general run of American conventions they are sin
gul2rly moderate and conservative. The demand for
an increased dignity and an augmented appropriation
for the National Bureau of Education is in. line with
the general trend of American<thought. We. are
growing to rely more and more upon governmental
supervision and help. Commerce, agriculture, labor
and ir.ining each and all ask for representation in a
Cabinet department or an independent bureau, and it
is but right that the great work of public education
should also have ample recognition and representa
tion in governmental administration.
The portion of the declaration that will find most
response from the thoughtful elements of the peo
ple is that which calls for a more careful instruction
of youth in reverence for law. Of late there have
been many portentous signs of a growing. lawless
ness in nearly all parts of the Union. Atrocious
crimes committed by mobs under the name of lynch
law are the worst and the most conspicuous of these
evidences, but they are by no means all. Offenses of
violence committed under circumstances that show
a contempt for law are becoming so common as to
create a serious fear that the future of the country
may be one of disturbance and disorder unless some
thing be done to check the tendency. Anything that
the schools can do to inculcate a better tone of pub
lic sentiment in that respect will be a valuable ser
vice to the republic, and it is gratifying that the
teachers have placed such service among the prin
ciple? to which thiy dedicate themselves.
Taking then in the order as presented in the
declaration the principles consist of the following de
mands: • "The Bureau of Education at Washington
thculd be made an independent administrative de
partment, such as were the departments of Agricul
ture and Labor before their elevation to Cabinet
rank. Sufficient appropriation should be made by
the Congress to enable the Commissioner of Educa
tion to extend the scope and add to the usefulness of
his work." Provision should be made by Congress
"by which the people of Indian Territory will have
power to establish and carry on a system of public
schools so that all classes of citizens in the Ter
ritory may have ample educational advantages."
"Teaching in public schools will not be a suitably at
tractive and permanent career, nor will it command
as nv-ich of the ability of the country as it should,
until teachers are prcperiy compensated and are as
sured of an undisturbed tenure during efficiency and
good behavior." "State aid is to be regarded- as
supplementary to and not as a substitute for local
taxation for school purposes. In many parts of the
United States a large increase in the amount of the
local tax now voted for school purposes is a press
ing need if there are to be better schools and better
teachers." "The highest ethical standards of con
duct and of speech should be insisted upon among
teachers. It is not becoming that commercialism or
self-seeking should shap'e their actions or that in
temperance should mark their' utterances." "School
buildings and school grounds should be planned and
decorated so as to serve as effective agencies for
educating not only children but the pepple as a
whole in matters of taste." "It is the duty of the
schools so to lay the foundations of character in the
young that they will grow up with reverence for the
majesty of law. Any system of school discipline
which disregards this obligation is harmful to .the
child and dangerous to the state."
AT the close of the convention of the National
Educational Association at Boston there was
adopted unanimously a series of resolutions
setting forth what the educators of the country desire
and what they, aim to attain. The resolutions were
embodied in what was termed by the convention
"A Declaration of Principles," and are deserving of
attention thro';gnout the country.
WHAT TEACHERS WISH
THE CHURCH MURDERS— K. D..
City. The murders in the church for the
commission of which Theodore Durrant
was adjudged guilty and executed occur
red In April. 1S05. The body of one of the
murdered girls was discovered on the 13th
of that month and that of the other on
the following day.
FALSE SWEARING— A. B. C Oakland,
Cal. The question asked as to the liabil
ity of a man who swears falsely as ta his
citizenship before taking office should
state where and under -what condition he
made the declaration before an answer
can be given.
MAX ADLER-A Subscriber, City. You
can find the works of Charles H. Clark
(Max Adler) r in the Free Public Library
and in such you can find the quotation
asked a£out. ~ •
WEBBS SWIM— T. H-. Alameda, Cal.
It was on August 24. 1S75. that Captain)
Webb swam the English . Channel. The
time occupied was twenty-one houra.
The speaker has a sort of force and
easy way of delivering his narrations and
a good deal of personal mangetism. He
was thoroughly at ease with his listen
ers and they all appeared to enjoy what
he said. Whenever he alluded to any
particular one of their number they ap
peared to be especially Interested and
pleased.
Burlingame sent up a large contingent
and Mrs. Francis Carolan came up for
the occasion in her private car. Repre
sentatives were present from the Bohem
ian Club and a letter of regret was sent
by British Consul Bennett.
was announced as "An Explorer's Ad
ventuies in the Dark Continent." •
It consisted of what might be called
some very pretty little after-dinner
stories. They were told In an off-hand
manner and Interspersed with occasional
dashes of friendly jocularity, which met
the approval of a most kindly disposed
audience.
The farewell testimonial tendered to the
Rev. Adrain Hofmeyr at Native Sons'
Hall last night was distinctively a social
success. The subject the speaker chose
Rev. Adrain Hofmeyr Tells His
Friends of Adventures in the
"Dark Continent."
SOCIETY IS AMUSED
WITH WELL-TOLD TALES
The principal's office and library on
the first floor will be nicely arranged,
both for teachers and pupils. The base
ment will contain science-rooms, heating,
ventilating and sanitary plants and lunch
rooms.
The plan for the new High School here
represents a building of the California
mission style, with one floor and base
ment. The first floor will contain a
study hall, three recitation rooms, with
convenient hatrooms, etc. The entrances
will be from the front and rear and will
lead Into a spacious center rotunda,
twenty feet in diameter. From this hallg
will lead to the various classrooms. The
plan is so arranged that from the teach
ers' positions a view will be had of all the
approaches and entrances to classrooms,
thus greatly aiding discipline. -
MARTINEZ. July 16.— The trustees
of the Alhambra High School
have accepted the plans of Stone
& Smith, architects, of San Fran
cisco for a new High School building to
be erected here at a cost of $10,000. To
defray the expenses of building 4 per cent
bonds for this amount have been sold at
par to the Bank of Martinez.
Four designs were submitted ito the
trustees. The successful architects drew
the plans for the Emma Spreckels build
ing in San Francisco and their design for
a new building has been adopted by the
Concord High School District of this
county.
THE IOWA— Subscriber. City. The bat
tleship Iowa on trial developed UI0a
horse-power and an average speed oc
J7.0S7.
NEW HIGH SCHOOL BUILDING
TO BE ERECTED AT MAR
TINEZ.
STRADIVARI US— W. T. D.. Gonzales.
Cal. Antonio Stradlvariua. the famed vio
lin maker, was born in 1649 and died io
1737.
VENUS— S., .City. The planet that
shone so brightly in the western sky in
the latter part of June was Venus.
WASHINGTON. July 16.— The following
Callfornlanj registered at the hotels to
day: At the National— W. V. Leach of
San Francisco. At the Raleigh— L. W.
Seely of San Francisco. At the New Wll
lard—S. C. Irving of San Francisco.
NEW YORK, July 16.— From San Fran
cisco—E. O. Burnes and Dr. T. E. Moore,
at the Herald Square; B. F. Brooks, at
the Imperial; C. F. Regan, at the Grand
Union; Miss Dlxon, at the Grand; A.
Hanford, Miss B. Harris and S. A. Harris
and wife, at the Everett; E. M. Marks, at
the Grenoble; S. S. Schener, at the Gilsey.
From Los Angeles— E. Dusoe, at the St.*
Denis; J. B. Berner, G. A. Fitch And wife.
W. H. Harrison. W. P. Jeffries, R. H.
Jeffries, H. Krohn, G. I. Kyte, F. M.
Parker and wife, G. Porter, Dr. W. A.
Smith and L. V. Youngworth, at the Her
ald Square.
From Santa Rosa— M. E. Kelso, at the
Broadway Central.
Californians in Washington.
Calif ornians in New York.
A. J. Rich of the firm of A. J. Rich
& Co.. who has been absent in Europe
during the last four months, sailed from
London on the steamer Oceanic on July
15. After spending a few days in New
York City he will start for San Fran
cisco. Mr. Rich expects to be home on
August 1.
J. H. Ferguson, a manufacturer of fire
works, and H. B. Phillips, a nursery
man of Rochester, are guests af the Cali
fornia.
George Nixon, the well known banker
of Wlnnemucca who has just returned
from a vi3it to ine East, is at the Palace.
Mason W. Mather, a minins man of
Nevada, registered at the Occidental yes
terday.
John Nicol, a well known mining man
of Guatemala, is visiting friends in the
city.
Dr. L. M. Taylor of Washington, D. C,
is at the Palace.
E. H. Cox, a wealthy lumberman of
Madera, Is at the Palace.
Dr. J. M. West of Red Bluff is among
the latest arrivals at the California.
Colonel W. S. Davis, a mining man. of
Auburn, is registered at the Palace.
B. L. Smith, cashier of the Eureka
County Bank of Nevada, is at the Palace.
VIRGINIA CITY FIRE-W., City. Tho
great flre In Virginia City occured Oc
tober 26, 1S75.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
MEN who are well acquainted with Alaska have
repeatedly asserted that- thousands of .acres
of the Territory are sufficiently well adapted
for agriculture during the short summer as to pro
duce food enough for a population running up into
the millions. These assertions have been sustained
in messages by the Governor and in official reports
from various agents of the Federal Government in
the Territory. They have been received by the pub
lic, ignorant of Alaska, with varying degrees of
credulity or incredulity. It would seem, however,
that the experiments in the growing of grain and
of many kinds of vegetables have now been carried
so far as to fully substantiate the assertions of the
Alaskan boomers.
It will be remembered that during his address at
Seattle President Roosevelt, predicted a great future i
for Alaska and asserted that men now living would
see the Territory as populous as some of the largest
American States. Unaffected by reports that furnish
ample justification for the prediction of the President,
the Springfield Republican, like a good many other
New England papers that have no conception of the
Pacific Coast", ridiculed the speech and suggested
that the President did not know what he was talking
about, or else had reached a degree of Western en
thusiasm that rendered him indifferent as to the ac
curacy of what he said.
The mocking words of the Republican reached* in
due til^ie the people of Alaska, and the Bonanza
Record has sent back a reply. The Record says:
''Both the coast and interior of Alaska contain more
agricultural land than the whole population of Mas
sachusetts ever saw. ; It is better and richer land than
ever existed in Massachusetts even in the days when
Miles Standish was fighting Indians ind Roger Wil
liams skipped out for Providence, R. \. The sun does
not hang low in the summer time, but on the con
trary it shines in on "these 'desert' fields of Alaska
and the Yukon from four different directions — north,
east, south and west. Every kind of vegetable that
can be forced into existence in Massachusetts gtyws
here with greater luxuriance than anywhere in the
world. To the local readers of the Record it is not
necessary to enumerate them, but since a marked
copy of this paper will go to the inner sanctum of
the Republican office it might be stated briefly that
the list includes lettuce, radishes, beets, cabbage, po
tatoes, carrots, turnip?, parsnips, spinach, oyster
plant, parsley, celery, cauliflower, onions, cucumbers,
gourds, mushrooms, oats, wheat, barley and several
kinds of hay."
Pausing at that point to take breath and to cut
short a list that began to look like a compendium of
rural products, the editor resumed by saying: "This
U only a partial list, but enough for a man whose
brain is reached by the ordinary avenues for trans
mitting intelligence. There are thousands upon
thousands of acres of such land, and it is as vacant* as
the day Christopher Columbus strode up the beach
of San Salvador or when Julius Caesar crossed the
Rubicon. The editorial writer of the Republican
must have served the most of his life as the hermit
of a 10-acre hay ranch near the town of Springfield."
The exuberance of that language will of course in
cline the reader to srnile, but it is not altogether the
language of exaggeration, unless all Alaskans have
united in a great trust to support and swear to each
other's lies. Again and again the agricultural pos
sibilities of many sections of Alaska have been tested
for a series of years, and the results have justified the
prediction of the President. Gold is by no means
the only valuable mineral of Alaska, and her people
will not always be dependent upon imported foods.
Like the rest of. the Pacific Coast, it is a land of
wonders, and some day it will demonstrate" the wis
dom of those who are trying to develop its resources,
exploit its mines and cultivate its soil. ¦ •
PERSONAL MENTION.
ALASKAN POSSIBILITIES.
Germany has decided that she dftes not want to
enter into a tariff war with Great Britain. It seems
to be taking the world a long time, attended with
much tribulation, to learn that in trade one nation
must not necessarily lose where another gains. . Ger- 1
many, however, appears to have taken the hint.
FRIDAY JULV »7. *9Q3
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
let! ret* All Communication* to W. S. LEAKE.
Atk for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
PUBLICATION OFFICE.. .Blarlcet and Third. S. V.
liDITOKIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 SleTenfO* St.
Delivered by Carriers, SO Cts. Per Week, 73 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Tens* t>r Mmn. Xnc!u£l&r Po«t*«e (Cash With Ordert:
DAILT CALL Onclui'.cK Sunday), or* yekr $8.OO
DAILY CALL Ondudlnc Sunday). 0 months 4.OO
DAILY CALL— B r Slatf. Montfc 7Bo
fccJvDAY CALL. On« T«»r 3JW *
WKKKLT CALL. On» Tear 1 -°°
f Dally... $8.80 P«r Tear Extra
FORCGX POSTAGE { BuwUy.. 4.15 Per Tear Extra
I Weekly.. l»0O P«r Tear Extra
#ti postmasters are •¦tbortse* «• re«elv«
¦nbicrlptlons.
Sampl* ooplea will be forwarded when reonested.
w»n subscriber* in orderlnc chute* of address sltonld %•
ejsrUecUr to rlre both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to incur* a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1118 BroadTTnT Telephone Main 1OS3
BERKELEY OFFICE.
n«S Center Street Telephone Ifortk 77
C GEORGE KHOCXESS, Manager Forelarn Adrer-
Using:, Marqnctte DnUdlnr, Chicago.
<Lobs Distance Telephone "Central 2618.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENTl
UOHTOX E. CHAAB 14O0 O Street, If. W.
NEW TORK REPRESENT ATIVB:
ITEPHEX B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C <X CAH.LTON ; Herald Square
NEW TORK XEWS STANDS: ,
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. SI Union Bousre:
Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue Hotel and Hoffman House.
— — - — —
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: •
Ehensan Hou«e; P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel;
Tremont House; Aufilterlum Hotel; Palmer House.
BRA5CH OFFICES— «27 Montxemsry. corner of Clay, open
sstn »:&0 o'clock. SCO Hayes, open until 9: SO o'clock. 639
McAIUster. open until 9:80 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
t:SO o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2281
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1098 Va
leads, open until 8 o'clock. IOC Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock, KW. corner Twenty-eecond and Kentucky, opea
UBttl » o'clock. . 2200 nilmore. open until » o'clock.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYISG TOWN FOR THE SUMMER
Call ¦ubsertber* contemplating a enansre of
residence durlna* tne summer months can hare
caelr paper forwarded br mall to their new
t«rriir« br notifying: The Call Business Office.
This paper will also be on sale at all summer
reMTta and Is represented »r a local scent In
etl tnnn» on the coast.
SAN FRANCISCO being the largest port on
the Pacific, and one of the great transfer
points of travel around the world, it is riofsur
prising that frequent attempts at smuggling dutiable
goods are detected here.\
But there is smuggling and smuggling. That
which is regarded as so harmful to the revenues
is purely commercial. Sometimes it is embarked in
by regular importers, and flourishes by collusion
with minor officers of the customs service. In such
cases false invoices, undervaluations and other de
vices are used. In this form of the offense arise such
cases as were exposed here in 1890 and subsequent
years, wherein the invoices called for toweling and
cheap goods, but the cases were filled with costliest
fabrics of France, except one, which bore a private
mark designating it to be sent to the Appraiser's
store for examination as a sample of the whole, and
which contained towels. The silk undervaluation
cases now on in New York, discovered by- Appraiser
Wakeman, are a form of smuggling requiring false
oaths and official collusion or carelessness.
Then there is the bold smuggler, who regularly
enters and clears his ship, but lands valuable and
highly dutiable cargo on some lonely spot on the
coast, where it is hidden for recovery by his land
lubber confederates, who put it on the market and
divide the profits. As we have no efficient coast
guard system this kind of smuggling was formerly
very prevalent here. It dealt principally with opium.
The higher the duty on an article the greater is the
profit in smuggling. When the tariff on opium was
$12 per pound, put at that high figure with the pur
pose of excluding it from the country by a prohibi
tive rate, there was no lack of the drug, but very
little of it came in through the custom-house. It was
landed in all sorts of ways. Sometimes it got ashore
in secluded places in small boats, and sometimes it
was protected from the water and thrown overboard
attached to a buoy or float of some kind, to be re
covered by an innocent looking, fishing-boat. Now
that the opium tariff is greatly kss, smuggling it
does not pay. and it comes through the custom-house.
When it was $12 per pound the smugglers could af
ford to lose every other cargo, since they lost only
the first cost of the drug. But at the lower rate the
profit does not offset the risk, and there is every rea
son to believe that but little of the drug is smuggled.
The guide to all detective work for protection of
the revenue is the tariff itself. The merchandise that
pays the highest duty is sure to be the most smug
gled. Under the high schedules of the Morrill tariff
smuggling flourished. The moiety law was passed,
giving the Collector. Naval Officer and Surveyor of
Customs a moiety of the value of smuggled goods
that they could catch. This enabled them to employ
private detectives and use means of detection that
the Government is unable or unwilling to use. But
the moiety law was repealed, it is believed by the in
fluence of the smuggling ring, which was then very
extensive and very powerful, and the freebooters
reveled in profits for awhile, until our lower modern
tariff more nearly equalized risk and profit,
j Another" form of smuggling, of which we hear the
most, is that of dutiable goods in passengers'/ bag
gage. To understand the prevalence of this it is
necessary to explain that smuggling being wrong
only because it is prohibited, and the act of bringing
in merchandise purchased abroad being innocent in
itself, the conscience does not revolt against it, and
the best people will do a little smuggling with no
sense of its being wrong. The ladies, God bless 'em,
are natural-born smugglers, and not one comes from
a trip abroad without hoping to get some dutiable
knicknack past the customs officers free. This is the
kind of evasion of duty that is rife here and at every
j seaport. Passengers make incomplete declaration of
] their baggage or refuse to make any at all, and when
it is searched it is found stuffed with valuable goods.
The temptation to smuggle valuable Asiatic goods in
this way is* very marked. Ladies cannot resist the
j lure of the darling silk kimonas of China and Japan,
nor of the Oriental embroideries, splendid objects of
art, so cheap there and so dear here. So they scheme
and stitch and hide and lie like angels about it. When
detected they are surprised. Their maid must have
put that stuff in the trunk, or a careless husband is
1 berated for it. Then they offer a tip to the in
spector, and when this is refused resort to tears and
get into the newspapers.
But revenue officers have no choice. They are be
tween the two fires, observation by the secret service
and by legitimate importers, who are injured by the
admission free of any dutiable article. The Govern
ment transports plying to Manila have become con
spicuous for the many attempts at smuggling by their
passengers, and army and navy officers and their
wives have shown the. same desire to evade duty on
fine things that is shown by civilians. When it gets
into the papers this sort of smugglers are indignant
and declare th?.t they have been humiliated. A little
common sense will teach them that every reader of
their supposed humiliation would have taken the
same risks under the same circumstances, for no one
regards smuggling as malum in se.
Terpischore. One of the experts whom the world
listens-to.with attention on such subjects has recently
said* "The solemn, wearisome ballet has existed too
long on conventional lines at Paris, Milan, St. Pe-,
tersburg and Vienna. Efforts have been made to re
juvenate it, but it has lost all expression within thirty
years. Who knows that the American dance will not
be established in the academies of old Europe?" .
In that question we have a promise of the future
that may well cause us to lift up our heads in .the
world of art and -.be not ashamed. The old nations
may look down upon our sculpture, our painting, our
music and our. poetry, but when it comes to dancing
they must do kow-tow. America will be known
hereafter not only as the land of liberty and of gold,
but of the cakewalk and the rejuvenated ballet. That
may not be much, but it is something. We have a
specialty. It is not improbable that in his efforts to
please us the Kaiser may'not only patronize. the
cakewalk, but on some future occasion do a turn at
it himself.
SMUGGLING
PLANS OF ARCHITECTS FOR NEW HIGH
SCHOOL AT MARTINEZ ARE ACCEPTED
THE SAN JEBAKCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 17, 1903
-Tammany ihas , been .- accused of . seeking to "make
capital out of certain charges which it has preferred
against a public official of New York. Has Tam
many ever been suspected of seeking anything but
capital in anything it. ever did or ever attempted to
do in the body politic? llHl
6
Whisper to Your Lady Love
SOMETHING NEW— SOMETHING FASCINATING
Ode to the Summer Girl
BY MARY E. WILKINS
This Is the First of a Series of Full-Page Pictures, With Catchy
Appreciations by Famous Authors, Which Are Just
as Good for the Bashful Swain as the
Ardent Suitor.
I NEXT SUNDAY CALL 1
Truth, Philosophy and a Laugh in Every line of the "letters Fro^n
a Self -Made Merchant to His Sor," Called
Pastels in Pork No* 3
CHRIS COX'S STRANGE WONDERFUL CAREER OF A
CHINATOWN EXPERIENCES BUND "CATTLE KING"
You'll Simply Roar Over the Next \
s COLORED COMIC SUPPLEMENT
*¦ And There's a Splendid Masterpiece in Color, Made Especially
for Framing,
WATSON'S -HIGHLAND CATTLE"WASHINGTON. July 16.— It was learned
to-r.lght that ih? State Department has
received a reply from Russia, stating that
the St. PetenbttV Government would
neither receive nor consider the Jewish
petition en the subject of the Kishenev
incident. The was received
by cablegram from UM\e, the American
Charge ta St. Petersburg; who was given
the difficult task of inquiring of the Rus
sian Gov<rr.nor.t as to its attitude with
respect to the petition of the Jews. It is
believed that inli will end the affair and
that D« further steps will be taken by
this Government to bring the views of
the petitioners U> the attention of Rus
sia, altbov&ta ;'.s yet no consideration has
been piven by th-> President to the course
to be pursued in the light of Russia's re
fpor.se to our inquiry.
The reply that Russia would make to all
migg^^fnna en the subject of the Kishe
nev massacre was forecast very clearly
some weeks .iro in an authorized state
ment. iv?ien the public was definitely in
formed that Russia regarded the affair
bf an Internal matter as to which she,
in the exercise of her own sovereignty,
mutt refuse to receive suggestions from
ar.v other government or outside source.
St. Petersburg's Reply Is Re
garded as Closing the
Incident.
Final Decision Is Reached to Reproduce Handicraft of
Padres to Recall California's History at the Gr v eat Expo
sition, and Ancient Bells Will Ring From the Tower
Will Neither Receive
nor Consider the
Pretest.
RUSSIA REJECTS
JEWS' PETITION
SANTA BARBARA MISSION IS TYPE
FOR STATE BUILDING AT ST. LOUIS
CALIFORNIA BUILDING WHICH
WILL BE ERECTED AT ST.
LOUIS.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., July 16.— A
wireless telegraph station will be estab
lished here at once' by the United States
Government. Stations will also be estab
lished at Forts Casey and Flagler and on
several of the San Juan Islands. It is
thought that the v.ireless stations on the
Islands will greatly assist the customs of
ficials In apprehending smuggling craft.
Sound.
Stations Are Soon to Be Established
at Points Near Puget
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
MAY STOP SMUGGLING
REDDING, July 16.— Clyde Bowman,
aged 22 years, galloped a horse five miles
on Monday in the Big Bend region of this
county with the bones of his right leg
badly shattered by a ball from a rifle
which he had hung from the saddle and
¦which was accidentally discharged by the
horse stumbling. When he reached camp
he was nearly dead from loss of blood.
He was brought to Redding, the trip down
occupying over two days.- As a result of
the delay his condition is serious.
Shasta County Youth Suffers a Seri
ous Accident and Hay
Not Recover, x
GALLOPS TO HIS CAMP
WITH A SHATTERED LEG
LOS ANGELES. July 16.— John T. T.
Smith, a prominent citizen of Arizona, is
dead at his temporary residence in this
city, aged 71 years. Smith had been a
resident of Phoenix, Ariz., since 1863 and
during . his residence there served three
terms in the Territorial Legislature, was
once Speaker of the House and served a
term as Territorial Treasurer. He was a
veteran of the Civil War. He came to
this city two ¦weeks ago in an effort to
regain his health. A wife, son and two
daughters 'survive -him.
John Y. T. Smith, Once Speaker
Vof the Territorial House,
Passes Away.
PROMINENT ARIZONAN
IS CALLED BY DEATH
LOS ANGELES. July 16.— John Draste,
a German sailor, accompanied only by his
young wife, has sailed from San Pedro in
the Alert, a 33-foot sloop, with the avowed
purpose of reaching the Alaskan coast.
Draste Is but 21 years of age, but stated
.before his departure that he had had over
two years' experience in' Alaskan waters
and knew the dangers of the voyage.
The object of the hazardous trip Is to
search for Arctic foxes in the country
east of the McKenzie River. The craft in
which the couple sailed Is an old boat, but
said to be seaworthy. Her hold is well
stocked with provisions, and her skipper
plans to stop only at San Francisco en
route to the northern coast.
German Seaman Starts From San
Pedro for Alaska in a
Sloop.
SAILOR, AND YOUNG WIFE
BEGIN PERILOUS VOYAGE
Hailroad Employes Go Out on Strike.
DENVER, July 16.— A special to the Re
publican from La Junta, Colo., says 300
employes of the Santa Fe shops and
yards at that place struck this afternoon
because their pay checks, which were due
yesterday, had not arrived.
Manchuria rivals Oregon in fertility,
timber and climate, and has abundance
of gold, silver, iron and coal. It has the
area of Texas and three times the popu
lation of the State of New York.
CHICAGO, July 16.— When efforts of the
striking teamsters and their sympathizers
failed to-day to -prevent the delivery of
freight from the Kellogg Switchboard and
Supply Company to the railroad ware
houses, President Albert Young of the
Teamsters' National Union declared he
would darken the city unless the strike
was settled. , He announced that he would
visit the Chicago Edison Company to
morrow and demand that it shut off the
power at the Kellogg plant. Should he
receive a refusal he declared that lie
would shut off all the Edison Company's
supplies and force the company to shut
down. In making this threat he Insisted
that he had the support of the tug men
who deliver coal to the company and that
all these would be called out if the com
pany attempted to get a supply of fuel
by the river.
A mob hovered around the factory of
the Kellogg Company at Congress and
Green streets to-night and attempted to
wreck the building. Many of the windows
were smashed and damage amounting to
$2000 was done to the plant before the
crowd was dispersed by the police. .
DETROIT, Mich.. July 16.— Four great
Pentecostal meetings were held simulta
neously by the Epworth Leaguers to
night. Tent Ontario, with a seating ca
pacity of 5000, was Jammed to suffocation
and the opera-house and the Central
Methodist Church were crowded to their
utmost capacity, while the Fort-street
Church was comfortably filled. The total
registration of delegates to-night had
reached 17,000, with more arriving on
every train.
At tent Ontario meeting C. B. Gallo
way of Jackson. Mich., Bishop of the
Methodist Church South, spoke on "The
Eighteenth Century Pentecost," and de
clared that Wesley and his coadjutors
were guided by the divine spirit in their
founding of the church. He spoke of the
bi-centenary of John Wesley, and said:
"Let the spirit of those bl-centenary
days bring us closer together as members
of one great ecclesiastical family. There
is a spirit abroad that calls on us. North
and South, and demands that we lock
shields and unite together against the
common foe." y \
Bishop Galloway referred to the late
President McKinley's declaration, while
in the South, that the Confederate graves
should be decorated on Memorial day as
well as the Federal, and his name was
greeted with a great burst of applause.
Pentecostal Services Draw
Large Crowds and Tents
Are Jammed.
Mob Attempts to Wreck the
Factory of the Kellogg
Company. .
Nearly . Twenty Thou
sand Epworth Leag
uers in the Oity^
Chicago Teamsters Try
to Force a Strike
Settlement.
MAKE THREATS
TO DARKEN CITY
CHURCH WORKERS
MEET IN DETROIT
HONOLULU, July 16.— Large numbers
of Japanese are eager to leave Hawaii
for the United States and many who de-
Bire to locate in California are now mak
ing- arrangements for the voyage to the
Pacific Coast
Japanese Eager to Leave the Islands.
The Santa Fe has on sale a special cou
pon ticket, which includes rail and stage
fare, hotel bills en route and accommoda
tions in the valley at Camp Curry, for a
complete trip of live, seven or ten days,
as follows: Five-day trip, $37 50; seven
days, $41 CO; ten days, $45 50. Make your
reservations during July. Full information
at 641 Market street, Santa Fe office. •
Take Advantage of the Santa Fe's
Low Bate.
YOSEMITE VALLEY.
HINSDALE, Mont., July 1G.— Joshua
Truax was shot and killed In Richard
Pledge's saloon by Robert Walsh, known
as "Slxshooter Bob." The two men -quar
reled over the ownership of some stock.
Walsh challenged Truax to flpht. Truax
was unarmed and refused. Walsh then
struck Truax In the face, knocking him
down, and while he lay on the floor, de
liberately shot him in the neck. Walsh
is in the custody of the Sheriff. Feeling
runs high and a lynching Is feared.
MONTANA CATTLEMAN
KILLS AN UNARMED FOE
Deliberately Shoots His Victim in
the Neck After Knocking
Him Down,
PORTSMOUTH. N. H., July 1&-A man
who registered as G. B. Osborne of Xew
York City, committed suicide by shoot-
Ing at Hotel Rocklngham to-day.
NEW YORK. July 16.— George B. O3
borne was the manager of the claims de
partment of the Commercial Assurance
and Palatine Company, by which concern
he had been employed for sixteen ,years.
An examination of the books of Osborne's
department showed Osborne to be a de
faulter and he must have known that
his defalcation had been discovered.
Betrays His TruBt After Sixteen
Years' Service With an Insur
ance Company.
DEFAULTER XLLI/S HIMSELF
TO AVOID BEING ARRESTED
Social items of Interest to Jewish circles In
the Wasp. • •
missioners will co to St. Louis to attend
to the awarding of the contract for put
ting up. California's buildlne.
W. H. Mills has been appointed and
has accepted the appointment of chief of
the department of forestry for California,
Mr. Hills has lone been a student of
forestry, Is one of the BJp Basin Red
wood Park Commissioners and has. In
his railroad connection, come into close
contatt with all the leading; timber men
of the Pacific Coast. The v-ommisaion
ers consider him to be peculiarly quali
fied for the position as head of the for
estry division. The other chiefs of divi
sions so far named are - L. K. Aubury,
State Mineralogist, at the head of the
department of mines and mining, and
George C. Roedlng of Fresno as chief of
the department of horticulture.
There the ground slopes and furnishes
a fine area to be converted into a Cali
fornia garden scene, with palms, all' the
characteristic shrubbery of California,
orange and lemon trees, bright hued flow
ers and growths of wide variety. Foun
tains, winding paths, etc., will add to
the picturesque effect of the garden scene.
As soon as Governor Pardee has .. re
ceived the plans for the California build
ing and finally approved all the details
blueprints will be made and will be for
warded to Isaac Taylor, director of work
at 8t. Louis. He will Inspect the prints
and it is a foregone conclusion .that, he
will ' approve of the building adopted .' as
typical of California. He will then "a 1s
trlbute the prints among contractors and
eo pave the way for the actual construc
tive work.. One of the California Com-
CAUFORNIA GARDEN.
On the ground floor of the building will
be resting rooms for ladies, smoking and
reading rooms for gentlemen, and also
two offices to be used by the Commission
ers nr as committee rooms. The lower
floor will be devoted to the accommoda
tion of the public. On the upper floor
will be apartments for the Commission
ers and their principal assistants.
As much as possible the interior of the
California structure will be finished in
native woods. The California building
will face the north and will overlook all
the foreign section and the principal
buildings of the exposition. To the east
of the building is an avenue, along which
the higher class attractions of the Mid t
way will be located. At the west end of
the site eelected for the California build
ing there are opportunities for decorative
effects. •' ;-L "-"
The harbor and shipping of San Fran
cisco will be depicted with moving ferry
boats and other craft. The felling of
great trees, the- operations of lumbering
mills, the grain harvesters at work, fruit
packing and fruit picking In moving
views, teaming of grain to warehouse, the
curing and packing of raisins, the mak
ing of wines and miners at work will
be shown according to life.
The wings that adorn the front and
rear will each be SO feet long. The main
front, exclusive of the wings, will be 50
feet wide. With the wings added, the
entire frontage will be 110 feet. The
of the bulldinc will be 70 feet. Even to
the bells the Santa Barbara Mission will
be followed as a type. Frank Miller of
Riverside has a collection of mission bells
which the Commissioners suppose will be
available for the purpose in view. Bells
that sounded originally in olden Califor
nia will rinc anew at St. Iwjuis over the
symbol of new California.
Like its model, the California building
will be two stories high, with tower loom-
Ing above the wings. On the first floor
the cloak and parcel rooms will flank the
main entrance. In the front space will
be a large reception room. Back of this
will be a large hall. In this last men
tioned apartment daily exhibitions will
be given free, illustrative of industrial
life in California. The klnetoscope will
be utilized to reproduce scenes In all por
tions of this State.
PROPOSED DIMENSIONS.
* i •
IN accordance with the expressed
wish of Governor Pardee, the Cali
fornia Commissioners to the St.
Louis exposition have decided that
the California State building at St.
Louis shall be, with some modifications,
a reproduction exteriorly of the Santa
Barbara Mission. The style of architec
ture will not be changed. Instead of one
wing there will be two on the front of
the building, of uniform length. On the
rear will be two similar wings, so that
the structure will follow the outline of
a cross. Above the arcade contained In
either wing a balcony will extend the en
tire lensrth of the wing, which will be
supported by columns, as shown in the
accompanying picture, which Is the first
that has been given to the public.
Several designs were submitted by the
Commissioners to Governor Pardee, who
has the final decision In the selection of
the type of building. Governor Pardee
said that the mission type of architec
ture was best represented by an actual
mission structure, and he deemed the
Santa Barbara Mission the best model to
represent California at St. Louis. All
the plans submitted last week have been
returned. Four architects are now con
sidering the problem of interior arrange
ment principally, as the exterior is nxed.
The interior space will be apportioned to
suit the convenience of the public and
will not follow the Santa Barbara Mis
sion.
SALT LAKE, Utah. July 16.— Within
ten days contracts will be let for the con
struction of 135 miles of grade between
Calientes, Nev., the present southern ter
minus of the lines" recently acquired by
the San Pedro Railroad, and Daggett, the
point on the Santa Fe to which the com
pany has track privileges. A statement
to this effect was made by J. Ross Clark,
second vice president of the road, who ar
rived in Salt Lake to-day from New
York. Clark said:
It is our Intention to push the construction
work with all possible dispatch. The specifi
cations will contain a clause requiring the con
tractors to commence work- almost Immediately
and setting a time limit of considerable less
than two years for Its completion.
I believe the contractors will be able to
finish their work within ten months. As soon
as we get work startf-d on these sections con
tr cts S for the remaining l«i miles of grade
will be let. The entire distance will be graded
and tracked and trains' will be running from
th £_ clty to ljOB Angelis within two years.
ine material for the construction of the
,2™ klch lnclu <Jes 30.0CO tons of rails and
l.. Wi. 000 ties, has been purchased and is being
shipped to. Calientes and Dasgett as rapidlv
as possible. The. equipment for handling ma
terial and carrying on the work at both ends
has also been purchased and is ready for use.
In fact we are now In excellent shape to
push the work along without any delay.
"As I noted, the President Is deeply inter
ested In this proposed legislation, and it Is his
hope and desire that early action may be
taken by Congress to remedy existing financial
conditions."
"An extra session 1e to be called to meet on
Monday, November !>, Immediately following
the fall elections. This session will be called
primarily for the purpose of enacting legisla
tion approving; the Cuban treaty, uhlch was
ratified by the Senate last eprlnir, and the
President hopes that we ehall be able to
take up for early consideration financial legis
lation alone the lines of his messages and
his *j>eeches."
"Did you discuss with the President any
epecinc financial measure?"
"No. not at all. No specific bill was under
consideration. The preparation of a measure
of that kind is the work of Congress Itself.
It was Understood when the Senate adjourned
last spring: that the Committee on Finance
would prepare a remedial financial measure
during- the recess. The committee tow is en
gaged on that work. I assume that the House
Committee on Banking and Currency also will
take up the subject, but I am riot informed
whether Jt Is the Intention of that committee
to begin consideration of the matter before the
extra eeeslon shall convene.
Senator Lodge arrived here this morn-
Ing and passed the day with the Presi
dent at Sagamore Hill. He is a member
of the Alaskan Boundary Commission,
which is to begin its sessions in London
early In September. Before sailing for
England to-morrow on the steamer Cedric
he came to Oyster Bay to consider with
the President among other things the
work of the commission. He left this
evening for New York. Before his depar
ture Senator Lodge gave out a statement
concerning his conference with the Pres
ident. In this statement the President's
hopes regarding the financial legislation
are reflected.
OYSTER BAY. L. I., July 16.— President
Roosevelt Is deeply Interested In proposed
finanlcal legislation. As a student of af
fairs he has noted for a long time the
necessity of financial legislation of a re
medial character and to-day he expressed
to Senator Lodge of Jlassachusetts his
desire that early action upon the subject
be taken by Congress, along the lines of
his recent messages ajid speeches. In
deed, it can be said that he hopes action
Trill be initiated at the extra session of
Congress, which he will call on Monday,
November 9.
SAN PEDRO LINE
TO BE EXTENDED
PRESIDENT NOTES
FINANCIAL NEEDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, /FRIDAY, JULY 17, 1903.
7
LEAPING ET*SINE. C S COLLEGE OF THE
WEFT. 24 Pcf? St.. Pan FY*tic1fco. Cal.
E*t»b!l*r<>a «0 y»ar«. Oren entire year.
Writ* for Illustrated catalogue (free).
Actual busin^fe bockke^pir.g; only expert ac-
countant* ar.4 r«TTt»Tfi at teachers: Gr^g-g
«horthan'l easiest, fastest ai.d most readable.
Par and evening. Send for catalogue to Col-
>g». 12"a Market Bt.
4 POLYTECHNIC
fl^ Burlness College and
F^A- Pchool of Kngiz^^fr-
fJtJCQ^rvCi !n * - n -"'t'a"iJ. Cal.
— I-arpw: and b^t
£5^feM>BTi2£?7* rq-jiri--! school or
2."?5t '73 ft S?**^a >'-±*-r:~t*. shorthand
fiSpft-ffiffi *" iXffiSrit c ' Chicago. Pe-f«:t
100-rage catalogue.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY
(FOR Y0L\O LADIES).
Conrcrs Degrees and Grants Diplomas.
Seminary course accredited lo the unirersl-
tif* and leading: Eastern collates ; rare oppor-
tunities offered in music, art and elocution.
Thirtjr-eigfcth year. Fall tprm opens August
12. I9C3. Write for catalogue to MRS C T.
MILLS. Pres . Mills College P. O.. Ca.1.'
H«/V\LIIV SCHOOL
AZTS VAST 2TCSS EXntXXTAXT,
JM9 Jackson et., f?. F. Hoarding and day
•chool for girls. Accredited by the leading
college* ar.d unirerrities. Special attention
frlven to raufie. Reopens August 10, 1903
SARAH D. HAMLIN, Principal.
THE LYCEUM
An accredited preparatory school for the uni-
vertiity. law and medical coll«?r«s. i, we n
known for Its careful and thorough work. Come
and b* with u*; we prepare you well; refer-
ences. Pr*is!<>r.t Jordan or any Stanford pro-
feesor. Fh«?Ian bulid'.ng.
U H. GRAU. Ph. P.. Principal.
THE JENNE MORROW LONG COL-
LEGE OF VOICE AND ACTION.
Etag* and platform positions guaranteed:
Isr.guages; diplomas. Catalogue. 2152 Sntter
X. Phone West 1189. Reopens September 2.
_j YihN jntitJUACii °^s^rc. u ' I
£41 FULTON BT.. £an Francisco. CaTT™
Lcadisg Musical College ex the Coast,
fcorgect school, thorough course, abl« teachers.
Write for 1KB Catalogue.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION,
PARTINGTON'S. 424 PINE ST.
Oldest £chool In America.
New T»rm B^trine MONDAY, Aug. 3.
DAY AND EVENING CLASS.
HOITT'S SCHOOL
FOR BOYS. Menlo Park. California. Prepares
for any university cr for business. Send for
Illustrated catalogue. IRA G. HOITT. Ph.D.,
Principal. Fall tun cpens August 11.
BELMONT SCHOOL,
FOR BOTS. BELMONT. CAL.. *
Opess for new pupils August 10; for former po-
pile August 12. Cat&logue and book of viewi
en application.
XV. T. REID. A. M. (Harvard), Head Master.
Miss West's School for Girls,
2014 VAX NESS AVENUE.
Opens August 18. Home and day school. Ac-
credited by leading colleges. ~or catalogue ad-
dress MARY B. WEST, Principal.
BOONFS UNIVERSITY SCHOOL;
BERKELEY, CAU,
Reopens Monday, August 3.
SAINT MARGARET'S SCHOOL
EAN MATEO.
Accredited to Stanford, reopens Aufcust 20th
in mw buildings on Monta Diablo ave. Modern.
improvements. For further Informaiion or clr-
culars address <MISS) I. L. TEBBETT8.
Hitchcock Military Academy,
SAN BATAi:!., CAL.
Separate building for llttis boys. Xmas term
will begin on Aug. 17.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
BOARDING AND DAY SCHOOL. FOR
roung ladles tr.d Kttle girls. V1S0 California
St.. will reopen August 3. 1&03. Accredited to
tbe Universities. REV. EDWARD ti.
CHURCH. A. M- Principal.
t^ "tiT 0 . «* School. 600 po-
I IV.CCQ eltlons In past year.
)9Wl ~ *°-P»5« catalogue.
TfOI I e <VE) 305 LAHEIIT ST,
w -»— » San Francisco.
COLLECE OF NOTRE DAME.
SAN JOSE. CAU
Flfty-«econd year. Confers degrees. Grants
diplomas. College preparatory accr»dlt*d. Coa-
•rrvatory course. Intermediate and primary
Cepartments for younger children. Etudlts re-
>umed Aurmt 4. 1803. .
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
IBVINGTON t CAU
A trigB-CTade Military School for a limited
number of boys of good character. Next term
tx-rir.t August 32.
yp TTAM WALKER ANDERSON. Principal.
ADVZBTISS2CEUTS.
Eczema
Salt Rheum, Ringworm, Itch,
Acne or other skin troubles,
promptly relieved and cured by
This scientific germicide, which
is harmless, cures by killing
disease germs. Used and
endorsed by the medical
profession everywhere. Sold
by leading druggists. If not
at yours, send 25 cents for,a
trial bottle. The genuine bears
my signature. Accept no
substitutes. Address
wrkk /Vnlnable Booklet on th«
urwufiont of disease*.
AFFLICTED 20 YEARS
WITH ECZEMA
Cured With a Few
Applications of
Dr. Koenigstein's
Red Salve.
SAN FRANCISCO. July 15, 1903.
Koenlgstein Medical Co. — Gentlemen: I have
used your Red Salve with gratifying results.
Having been afflicted for the past twenty years
with eczema, I have tried a great many reme-
dies* with Door results. Your preparation was
highly recommended to me, and after only a
few applications it produced permanent relief
and cure. I shall be pleased to testify at any
time regarding the merits of your Red Salve
as to the speedlness of its curative powers.
Very truly yours,
JNO. J. ROGGEN. 12 Front st.
At druggists, 60c and SI per Jar. Depot, 126
Kearny St., room 22.
I alaW «ee the beautiful
- COURT Loungin*-
•51 flfl room, the EMPIRE
dllU PARLOR. the
n - PALM ROOM, the
ft ran ii louis xv par.
Uiailll lor and the LA-
>i . - DIES' WRITING
Hotels ROQM
X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AKD ATT0B5ET-AT-U W",
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claua Sprockets bidg.
Telephone Main 883.
Residence. 821 California St.. below PowalL
Residence Telephone James 1901.
AMUSEMENTS.
Seventh and Market Sta. »'
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVEN1N0,
POLITE VAUDEVILLE.
The Great Zano; Robinson and Grant;
The Newmans; The Burroughs; The
Three Kuhns; Krafft and Daley;
Harry and Carrie La Kola; Clin-
ton Montgomery and the 'Bioscope.
PRICES— Night. 25c, 20c. 15c. 10c; Matinee*.
20c and lCc •
Phone for Seats — South 1022.
BASEBALL,!
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECREATION PARK.
EIGHTH AND HARRISON
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY. 3:30 P. M.; SAT-
URDAY. 3:C0 P. M. -
SUNDAY 2:30 P. M.
SAN FRANCISCO vs. SACRAMENTO
LADIE.S' DAYS THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
"~"~*-S. Sale. 5 Stockton St. >
GRAN_DBo E u!£
MATCNEJE TO-MORROW.
- - LAST TWO NIGHTS - -
BATMOSTS ASS CAVHE1T
And Oar Superb N>w Yorlc Co.
j IN CENTRAL PARK |
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT
First Time In This City o£ the Famous Musical
Eccentricity.
I IN WALL^STREETl
Secure Tour Seats Now 25e, 80c., 73c
De Kol t a ; Bailey and Madison ; Hodges
and Launchmere and the Biograph.
Last times of Charles Dickson and
Company; Mosher, Houghton and
Mosher; Young and De Vole;
Julian Rose and
MABEL McKINLEY,
Favorlt* Niece of the Late President
McKinley.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chain, 50c.
1
IfALiFORNf/T
3 ¦ Lajt Chance to See BBSS
v NAIVGE O'IMEIL ¦*
7«» To-night. Saturday and Sun- 7
•»«* day Nights— "MACBETH." •**'
tZ£\ Satuiday Matlne« — "RO- C/\
vt»U MEO AND JULIET." *HJ
• e Next Monday— XEILL-MO- o*.
JLO ROSCO COMPANY in XO
19 THE PALACE 07 THS KISO
T Special Summer Prices— .
<Sc. 50c. 23c. Seats now sell. BP"
ins. La
HEATR1J
COLUMBIA iraS
TO-NIOHT AND SATURDAY NIGHT.
MATINEE 8ATURDAT.
AMELIA BINGHAM
And Her Company. Presenting
Haddon Chambers' Powerful Drama.
A MODERNJVIAGDALEN,
wIek Amelia Bingham
Presenting Clyde Fitch's
BRILLIANT. BREEZY COMEDY,
"The Frisky Mrs. Johnson."
Seats Now Ready — Matine«s 'Wed. and SaC
I I VV/LI HOUSE-.
Every Night This Wesk, Saturday Matins*
Last Performances of
WAING,
With EDWIN STEVENS Ja the Title Role.
NEXT WEEK
CAM1LLE D'ARVILLE
Will Appear Under Special Engagement la
"The Highwayman"
With EDWIN STEVENS as Foxy Qulller.
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 50c and 73«
\ Telephone Bush 9.
Market Street. Near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— LAST THREE NIGHTSL
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
The Favorite Comedian. i
JAMES CORRIGAN
In the Funniest of All Farce Comedies.
MULDOON'S PICNIC
Brimful of Amusing Specialties!
Songs. Dances, Medleys. Burlesques!
PDTrPC Evenings 10c to 50o
rniVCJ Matinees 10c. 13c. 25o
Monday. July 20— MR. HERSCHEL. MAY-
ALL in a Grand Spectacular Production of,
"FAUST."
ALCAZAR-nSfeT
Gen Mgr.
TO-NIGHT— MATINEE TO-MORROW. .
THE SEASON'S SUCCESS.
WHITE WHITTLESEY
In a Great Production of Anthony Hope'*
THE PRISONER
OF ZENDA...
Evgs..23c to 75c: Mats.Thurs. A Sat. 15c to BOc
NEXT— MR. WHITTLESEY in the Flrat Baa
Francisco Presentation of
Hall Caine's Famous Play.
THE /nf\NXJV\f\N.
We're not here for our health; we are lookint
for wealth.
We say so above board and don't do things
by stealth.
We have got a good show and you'll scream
with delight
At the gags and the Jokes if you coins v»
night. »^^
A Great Double Combination.
"UNDER THE RED GLOBE"
"THE THREE A MUSKEETERS"
Our All- Star Cast. Including KOLB and DXL&
and BERNARD. BLAKE. AMBER
and HERMSEN.
Get Your Seats Quick. You Know the Reason.
THE LUTZTROTHEBS,
HANLOVS PANTOMIME COMPANY and
High-Class Specialties Every Afternoon
• and Evening In the Theater.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT ••
VISIT THE
Ponnd and One-Half Baby
AND HIS COMPANIONS
IN THE INFANT INCUBATORS
THREE BABY TIGERS IN THE ZOO
ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN SATURDAY VIGHT
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. 5c.
SaLx&Sj&lr^&t JULY 10. ,S:15 o'cioci
sun**.* * Tickets. 25a. 50c. 75c,
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 per Year,
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
&m$tnntx8ttjttn* Mnak
i^ m^^^^ u * am^^_^__2^.-L~^=^|S ¦ The Fflshionoblc
X^~- -~ r^-J^^^^ZH— — == — "JZf^^" Private Address
j!£\S^^=— ., "Sj=j~^^t==== J _' =^_ x California now
|SBMBM|imMKMMB^MBjRptft^3p; \£sl B m H IH J A^JRy^aixCTpjwH^fflBfl/fiM bachelor.
nr^tlr^ffw iftAirir iffii tittj rni V^nff'rPrH^^ftnnifKnnr^'n'i iWif nTrii Burlintjanjc,
ESBlBBBBlHHMi«KliJroilflMffjfc*L^^ Santa Cruz,
flrVlfTif^jftffiTffiTj^ Rcss Vallrv,
l?BaKJg|ffrjfcjt^ Menlo Park.
l ?*y Loft Angelas,
[iyysi»*g|}iKt^B»At'B}lCyaflSjy^ Santa Barbara,
Son Dietjo,
j|gj^^j^|j^gjKHJBj|j9gPS»^^ tnent giving Offi-
l fiK?iBB8BwW Members, with
KsRjW^pgQ^^^B^^I^B^BgE^BH^^BHiHwE^MlMBfiBwlpBSu^^B^fflBtf^H^n^yl their business ad-
flffffnRrtCTEEBB$3Gl|S^ dresses; pcrmtn'nt
|g!^j}|jjjp^jffiffg|j|jB»S|fflBSnWM guests oi the lead-
ing hotels i person*
fi|gffMffyiOTc?B2jnB^^Sl[4j^wnsjB?ySEBc3y rel of the press;
ig«g^#|M^30KwgK?Sfi^MfflgjywBBWK theatres; and shop-
>>%^^^Kj{j|^K£JtwffJ5ytf»8SMEPi street and avenue
itSHJJjEflijffl|@picS3B^BffipH line direct to any
Address All Communications to C HAS. C. HO AG, Publisher
. 320 SAN3OME ST.. ROOMS 4.7 TO 65
THE E.ID. BEATTIE PRINTING CO.
ftLCfHONC MAIN 176O • SAN FRANCISCOBISL.EY. England. July 16.— The Mac-
Kinnon challenge cup, open to teams of
twelve from England, Scotland, Ireland,
Wales and the colonies of Great Brit
ain, was won to-day by the English team
with a score of 1406. Canada was second
with a score of 1330: Australia was third,
and Scotland fourth. The distances were
800, 900 and 1000 yards. *
English Team Wins Challenge Cup.
SYRACUSE, N. Y., July 16.— The fea
tures of to-day's matches In the New
York State tennis championships was the
defeat of Neely of Princeton by Leonard
of Harvard in a fiercely contested three
set match, 6-2, 3-6, 7-5. % Hunt of Califor
nfit, the Gulf States champion, defeated
Kenney of Syracuse, 6-1, 6-3. The -winner
of the finals will play F. C. Alexander fo»
the challenge trophy and the State cham
pionship.
Tennis Tournament at Syracuse.
Pugilists and Actors Indulge in
Spirited Ball Game at Croll's
Gardens, Alaxneda.
Jim Corbett's famous ball team played
a lively engagement yesterday at Croll's
Gardens. Alam^da. with a collection that
his brother Tom had mustered for the
occasion and Tom's recruits played rings
around the «?x-c.bamplon's all-star aggre
gation, winning out by a ecore of 31 to 19.
The gamp was plajfd at Corbett's train
ing quarters and attracted the attention
of the townspeople, who came from all
parts of the burg to see the fun.
The ox-champion started in to pitch for
his nine, but In a few innings the other
fellows walloped him bo hard that he was
forced to retire from the box. Jack Glea
*--on, the Olympic Club leader, then went
in to pars out the elusl\'e sphere and he
was also treated to a merry drubbing,
besides being wild and walking forty
throe men to the first bag.
Such shining lights of the diamond as
Barney Bernard. Kolb and Dill from
Fifther'e; Sam Berger, one of Corbett's
rparring partners, and Yank Kenny took
part in the game and tried to convince
I he spectators that they still knew how
to play ball. But every one who was on
the spot knew better and the merry
bunch uadly loft the field after the game
to the music of the merry laughter of the
final! boys who looked on.
JIM CORBETT'S NINE
TASTES BITTER DEFEAT
The weekly drawing for the Saturday
and Sunday courses at Ingleslde Park
was held last evening and some of the
fleetest bounds In the State were drawn
to compete In the two events. The open
stake consists of eighty dogs ' and from
the losers of this event Eixteen dogs will
be matched for the consolation stake. The
total value of the purse offered is JC87 50.
Following is the result of the draw:
Gay City vs. White Hat, Equator vs. Mollie
Me, Racing Glaucer vs. Wattles, Pullman
Girl v«. Fair Glen, Bob R vs. Sir Lawrence,
Vaild vs. Belfast. Lord Granard vs. Patricia,
King Death vn. Laughing Water. Gold Lily vs.
Merry Lou. Boco Girl vb. Belle Lloyd, Doc
Bumes vs. Intiuder. Medley vs. Tom Sayers.
Lilt!*- Lucy vs. Advance Guard. Linda Vista
vs. May Hempstead, Lady Chlqulta vs. Flower
of Gold, Miss Wilson vs. Manru, Go-On vs.
Rockefeller. Melro^e vs. Tankee Boy. Bright
Gold vs. Grace W. Yukon v«. Master Bly.
McHenry vs. Little Plunger, Onward Maud vs.
Jack Shcrt. Pure Pearl vs. Bright Fortune..
Wedgewood vs. Renegade Aparhe, Real Pasha
vs. Terronette. Tobasco Bob vs. Reta S. Lady
Granard vs. Gold Dollar, Golden Rule vn liilly
Wright. Flora Bolle vs. Prompto, Conroy vs.
Old Ironsides. Royal Friend va. Miss Brummcl.
Yellow Tail vs. Frisky Barbara, Harlean
Gladys ve. Toronto. Bonnie Hughy vs. RemU
so Animo. Tom Hurllck vs. Young" Buck.
Topey Turvy vs. Modest Beauty, Flora Bird
vs. Alababa. Luxury vs. Meddlesome. Sofala
vs. Lula Girl, Una n. Thetis.
Eighty Fast Dogs Are Drawn for
the Saturday and Sun
day Events.
HIGH-CLASS HOUNDS TO
COMPETE AT INGLESIDE
In one of the old Christian frescoes. In
dicating a' baptism, a man Is represented
as pulling a fish out of the water. Ram
say tells us that lt was customary In Asia
Minor in the second century f or . the
Christian to use this symbolic language.
It was hardly safe, then, for them to
speak openly '.- of their faith in Christ.
They were accustomed to wear rings with
the fish sign as a signet, much as we
wear symbolic • badges to-day. One day
two men met, neither aware of the faith
of, the other. One, without saying Va
word, traced with his- stick 4 the- figure of
a fish .' In the sand. The other quickly
burst out in assertion of his Christian
faith, for! the fish symbol had declared
the " other's allegiance to Christ.
So tho word "lchthus" came to stand
for a Christian, and it was used as a
mark of Christianity. "It was not only
sculptured on burial monuments, but came
to be used on various utensils. A great
many terra cotta lamps have been found,
especially at Spalato, on which is found
the impress of tun flsh. Many of these
"lchthus" lamps are found also in Rome.
The word "fish" came to be used also
to describe a Christian, and to call a man
a fish was equivalent to calling him a
Christian. . ; '
The symbols upon early Christian mon
uments, of which so many have been dis
covered this last century, are curious and
Interesting. One of the most frequent
is that of the fish. The figure of the
fish is used, and also the Greek word for
fish, says Dr. A. W. Patten, who has
looked into the subject. Ramsay, in his
excavations In Asia Minor, has found
some very Important Inscriptions in
which the fish signs are frequent.
But why was lt that the early Chris
tians used this sign? The reason will ap
pear when we remember that they found
In the letters of the Greek word for fish
an acrostic on the name of the Savior. The
word Is "lchthus." Each letter of the
words in the original Greek begins one
of the words In the following phrase:
"Jesus Christ, Son of God, the Savior."
THE MEANING OF THE
SIGN OF THE FISH
Why It Was So Often Used as a
Symbol by th© Early
Christians.
MILWAUKEE, July 16.— With a score
of 154 for thirty-six holes In the open
championship tournament of the Western
Golf Association, which began to-day and
winds up to-morrow, Alex Smith of
Nashua has a good lead over his compet
itors. Harry Turpln of Auburn Park and
Bernard M. Mitchell of Elyrla are tied for
second highest mark with 157. L. Acher
tonle of Glen Falls, N. Y., followed with
158. . David Brown of Woolaston made a
showing of 161. Champion Willie Ander
son finished his second elghteen-holes In
81, making the total for the thirty-six
holes 163. The scores were good notwith
standing the course was new to most of
the players. The amateurs, Lawrence
Eustis and Louis James, are tied with
1C5. The contest is for the best medal
score for four rounds of eighteen holes
each, a total of seventy-two holes. '
Good Scores Are Made, Although the
Course Is New to Many of
the Players.
SMITH OF NASHUA LEADS
IN THE GOLF TOUBNAMENT
R. H. E.
Portland 2 2 3 0 1 2 3 0 x— 13 19 4
Oakland 0 2 0 0 0 0 2 10—5 10 5
Batteries — Kontal and Shea; Cooper, Gorton
and Lohman. Umpire — Levy.
Seattle 0 0 0 3 0 1 2 0 x— « ' lo' i
Los Angeles ...00000100 0 — 134
Batteries — Hughes and Boettlger; Newton
and Spies. Umpire — McDonald.
PORTLAND. Ore.. July 10.— Every Brown
swatted Cooper for at least one hit. and Shea
landed two three-baggers and three singles In
the game to-day . between Portland and Oak
land. The Callfornlans did " not have much
trouble In tin. line . Koatal. but It was with
poorr effect. Attendance, 600. Score: *
SEATTLE. Wash.. July 10.— Hughes allowed
but three hits to-day, two of them*|belng
scratchey, while Newton was hit hard. Tho
score:
Seattle Twirler Allows Them Only
Three Scattered Hits.
HUGHES PUZZLES ANGELS.
DEMOCRATIC CLUB MXETS.
Charles Wesley Beed Speaks ia
Thirty-Ninth District.
The members of the regular Democratic
Club of the Thirty-ninth Assembly Dis
trict held a meeting and entertainment
last evening at Price's Hall, First and
Point Lobos avenues.
A large crowd was in attendance and
William Price was in the chair. Char'es
Wesley Reed was Introduced by the chair
and made a very hearty and interesting
address in favor of municipal ownership
of the city railroads and the city water
supply. William Mahoney also made a
very enthusiastic address, which was re
ceived with much applause.
An entertaining programme was also
arranged for the evening, which included
selections by Edward McLaughlin, James
Burns, William Ganey and a three-round
boxing bout by Benny Holbrook and
Frank Zundell. <•' •'
DISTBICT DEMOCRATS.
The Democrats of the Thirtieth Assem
bly District organized last nJght at Teu
tonla Hall. About 250 citizens signed the
roll. Nicholas Morrlsey was elected pres
ident and H. Plant secretary. Addresses
were made by Thomas W. Hlckey. P. J.
Tomalty. J. F. Farrell and others. A
resolution was adopted favoring a mu
nicipal water plant.
A committee composed of Thomas W.
Hlckey, H. J. Butler. Major Enwright
and Charles H. Holcomb waa appointed
to draft a circular explaining the issues
of the campaign. This circular Is to be
distributed to the voters of the district.
John Reid. J. F. Renault. P. J. To
malty and J. F. Farrel were named aa
a committee to recommend delegates at
the next meeting of the club.
The club will meet next Thursday even-
Ing at Teutonla Hall. 1322 Howard street.
WE ABE TO HAVE ONE
WOODEN WABSHIP
Farra gut's Flagship, the Hartford,
Sole Survivor of Her Class, to
Be Betained.
Those who delight In war and blood
shed, with their accompaniment of thrill
ing stories of heroic deeds, or those, even
who would have all international end do
mestic controversies settled by arbitra
tion, have reason to rejoice that when
Congress, a few years ago, had inserted
a provision in the Naval Appropriation
bill that repairs to all wooden vessels
should be discontinued, it excepted the
famous old ships Hartford and . Kear
sarge. Since then the Kearsarge has met
the fate of so many other ships, having
been wrecked .on a reef In the Caribbean
Sea. But the old Hartford, In commis
sion, with her officers and crew on board
and in their distinctive and fascinating
uniforms, and the ship with her lofty
and symmetrical masts and spars and her
sails furled, and every rope In place, has
been most interesting to visitors during
her recent visit to the navy yard. 8he
Is now on the records as doing duty in
the Coast Squadron and has left the navy
yard and gone to Annapolis.
The old ship is a different looking ves
sel, so far as the interior is concerned,
from the one which Farragut commanded
at the battles on the Mississippi River! In
1862, and at Mobile Bay In 1S64. And yet.
although there is little left, of the old
ship beyond her keel and frame and
name, she has not lost her outward iden
tity, and any of those who were familiar
with her in the days of the Civil War
would recognize her now. She was orig
inally a steam vessel, or sloop-of-war, of
2900 tons displacement, and was built at
Boston in 1855. She has the same grace
ful and symmetrical lines that she pre
sented on that hot summer day when she
led the wooden fleet past the guns of Fort
Morgan, in 1S64, at the battle of Mobile
Bay, when Farragut won another of his
great victories and coined the phrase
that has gone «tlown into history, when
he called out to thd commander of the
Brooklyn (who had hauled his ship out
of the line when he saw one of the mon
itors go down by an explosion of a tor
pedo). "Damn the torpedoes; go ahead!"
The famous old ships have all gone ex
cept the Hartford, and she is destined to
remain afloat so long as she can be kept
In a seaworthy condition, so as to remind
the present and future generations of the
kind of ships and the manner of men
their ancestors were in the days when
men and ships were needed to preserve
the ntition.— N. Y. Tribune.
HOME-BUN DRIVE WINS
A GAME FOB ST. LOUIS
Pittsburg Hammers Pitcher McOin
nity of the New Yorks Out
of the Box.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
WASHINGTON, July 16.— To-day*s game
was one of the most Interesting contests seen
here this season. A home-run drive over the
fence by Andenon scored the winning run for
the visitors. The local management has traded
Outfielder Martin to St. Louis for Inflelder Mc-
Cormlck. Attendance, 1200. Score:
Washington ?' Ik E «
St. Louis I." 4 8 0
Batteries— Wilson and Drill; Suthoff Terrv
Evans and Kahoe. ' *•
NEW YORK. July 16.— New York could nn«
find Klssenger. while the visitors batted Tan
nehlll out of the box In the second Inning
O Connor was put out of the game In the
eighth for kicking. Attendance. XM). Score!
Detroit- •• 1?' is E i
New York 2 8 3
Batteries— Kfrsenger and McGurle; Howell
Tannehlll and O'Connor. «o»en,
PHILADELPHIA. July 10.— Chicago with
the aid of three pitchers and hard hitting won
a long-drawn-out game from Philadelphia to
day. Attendance. 4000. Score:
Philadelphia £' "*' E i
Chicago .'. a 12 3
Batteries — Coakley. Henley and Powers-
Dunkle, Altrock. Flaherty and McFarland.
BOSTON, July 10.— The game waa called In
the eighth Inning that Cleveland might catch
a train. Four of Boston's runs resulted from
the umpire's refusal of a third out In the
first Inning because he had turned to the bench
to demand new balls. A somersault catch was
the feature. Attendance, oOOO. Score:
Boston \x : \\ £
Cleveland 4 g 3
Batteries — Hughes and Crlger; Wright Dor
ner and Hernia.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
ST. LOUIS, July 16.— A wild throw by Far
rell In the tenth Inning gave the Brooklyn* a
hotly contested game. The game was well
played, both sides working hard. A running
catch by Sheckard and, Myers 1 double nlay
were features. Attendance, 1600. The score:
St. Louis 4* si" j
Brooklyn q 9 1
Batteries— Dunleavy and O'Neill; Schmidt
and Rltter. Umpire— ODay. acnmiat
CHICAGO, July 16.— Cooley defeated Chi
cago by long drives. Cooley batted In two run»
on his double and triple, and scored men who
had reached first on glfu. Granger drove one
W^lcTulo^L^r tor a home ™- At -
Ch.cago... £• **' E -i
Boston 4 1 y
Batteries — Welmer and KUng; Malarkey and
Dexter. Umpire— Johnstone.
PITTSBURO. p a ., July 16.— McGlnnlty was
too easy, and after twelve hits had been made
and ten runs scored against him Cronln was
substituted In the fifth Inning, but nothing
could stop Pittsburgh batting streak Beau
mont established a new individual batting reel
ord for the seaion with four hits for a total
of twelve bases. Attendance, 4400. Score :
Plttsbur* 1?' /s" E o
New York 4 10 •>
Batteries — Leever and Smith; McGinn! tv
Cronin and Warner. Umpire — Emslle.
CINCINNATI. Ohio, July 16.— Home runs bv
Donlln and Seymour In the third rave the lo
cals a lead that Philadelphia could not over
come. Sudhoff was at his best with men on
bases. Attendance, 1800. Score: '
K. H. F
Cincinnati 4 ti •>
Philadelphia 1 8 2
1 Batteries— Sudhoff and Bergen; Fraser
Dooin and Zlmmer. . ¦ - '
The Longest Cantilever.
The Quebec cantilever bridge, now un
der construction across the St. Lawrence
River, will have a span 1S00 feet long, or
ninety feet longer than the main span of
the Firth of Forth bridge In Scotland and
the longest span of this design In the
world. The shore spans on each side will
be 500 feet, besides a truss span 210 feet
long between the anchor pier and the
shore abutment. The total length Is 3300
feet. The bridge will carry a double
track railway, besides a trolley track and
ordinary roadway.— Washington Star.
Democrats Organize.
The members of the Regular .Demo
cratic Club of the Thirty-sixth District
held a meeting last night at Searey's
Hall and organised by electing the fol
lowing officers: Thomas M. Scarey. presi
dent; William H. Williams, secretary; EL
T. Russell, treasurer, and George Sllvey,
sergeant at arms. The following execu
tive committee was also appointed: J. P.
O'Hare. J. C. Griffin, F. A. Robertson. P.
Becker and Thomas M. Searey. The
meeting was well attended and forty-five
members signed the club roll.
Trotting Results at Columbus.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, July 16.— Track fast.
Results; .. -
2:12 pace, purse $1000— Pauline D won In
two straight heats. Time, 2:OSV4, 2:07"^.
2:10 trot, purse $1000 — Aerollght won In two
straight heats. Time. 2:13i;. 2:14Vi.
2:10 pa.c,e, purse $800— George A. Fuller won
first *and - third heats and the race. Time.
2:O8 1 / 4. 2:O0V4.' Mies Ophelia won second heat
in 2:09M.
2:22 pace, purse $800— Five PoinU won In
*¦« mUMixtH DJU.U. Time. 2:12 U. 2:123^.
Withlng five years wages for all classes
of mechanical occupations have Increased
from 20 to 25 per cent in Hamilton, Can
ada.
VALX.EJO. July 1&— Th» contract for th*
erection of the C*rn*Kt* puMtc tltvrmry bull.iln*
hat b*«n «w*n1.M to th* Anv»rl<*n-HatraiUn
Engineering and Con*tructton romrans of San
Francisco for $!ft,ACA. Wnrk will b« begun
September 1. O'Brt#n »n.i w«rn«r at Aaa
JTcascUco art tha *r«hlt«ct*.
Swift, E. t!. Stutte. for J. C. Yeager.. 4, COO
At a private sale Woodford & Buckner
to-day sold to K. R. Bradley the three
year-old colt Bad News for 17500.
CHICAGO, July 16.— M. II. Tichenor &
Co. disposed of all their horses In the
paddock at Washington Park track to
day. The star of the lot was Flo Bob, the
two-year-old son of Imp. FlorlBt, which
was knocked down to Ed Tipton of New
York for J13.000. after lively bidding. Tip
ton was supposed to act for M. H. Tich
enor. A number of other horses were
bought in for the senior member of the
firm, It Is said. Other good sales:
Flocarlln'e, ch. f. (3) by St. Anlta-Caro
lir.e. It. Richards, Boston Stables, New
V6rk $6, 100
Eurly. ch. c. (.'*) by Troubadour-Miss
Dawn. K. Blchardu, Boston Stables,
New York 6, 100
Sidney C. Love, ch. c. by Dr. Rice-
Constance IV., E. G. Stutte 4,700
Elsie L. b.' f. (4) by St. I^eonards-EIsle,
K. O. Stutte, for J. C. Yeager 4, COO
Waswift. ch. c. (4) by Wawokua-Nell
Flo Bob, the Star of the Lot, Is
Bought by Ed Tipton for $13,000.
TICHEN0R STABLE IS SOLD.
«» «n 7 LAKE ; Ju| y 10.— To-day's game be
tween Los Angeles and Salt Lake was called oft
at the end of the first half of the second In
ning on account of heavy rain. The score then
wan Salt Lake 3. I,os Angeles O
Spokane 100000004-?' u E fj
Seattle 0 11210100— « 10 1
iiuX" l saSftiu\ l S». 1I " iells McCay and
SPOKANE, July 16.— Poor fielding on
the part of. Spokane gave Seattle the game
L»«»i aVJ" i Iulen Pl»yed a star game for
Seattle. Attendance, 15oo. Soore:
Helena 0 2 0 0 0 2 0 2 2— H ' y> E; >
San Francisco.. 0 03012010—7 10 3
Batteries— Thompson and Carisch; Stova'.l
and Zearro8s. Umpire— Warner.
Tacoma 1000000020—3*' "" E< »
Hutte 10 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 1—4 S 2
<j^ a !, te M le *7, inewett and Byers : Dowllng and
Swindells. Umpire — Mahaffey.
HELENA, Mont.. July 16.— Helena won to
day by a batting rally in the ninth. Stovall
fnl ««• h , ome . r . un - » three-base hit and a single
out of four times up. Score:
TACOMA, Wash.. July 16.— Sam La Roque's
good stlckwork, two home runs and a two
bagger, the latter In the tenth Inning, was
solely responsible for each of Butte's four
runs to-day. Both pitchers did good work.
Score:
W*. L. P"ct.| W. L. P*ct
P u "e 31 2s .(M»;san Fran .41 40 .600
Log Ang ..43 82 .«00|Tacoma ...32 47 .405
Spokan«...45 a4 .070 Helena S9 47 .3&!
Seattle ....43 30 .544 Salt Lake . 6 8 .337
La Roque Bats Out Two Home Buns
and a Double.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(Pacific National League.)
BTJTTE WINS IN THE TENTH.
BRIGHTON BEACH, N. Y.. July 16.—
By far the best lot of sprinters »een at
the rrrsont Brighton Beach meeting met
to-day in the Test handicap, worth J2S20
to the winner. The field was headed by
Dublin, with 130 pounds, Tam O'Shanter,
9S pounds, carrying the lowest weight.
Hurstbourne, Odom up. was favorite.
After Astarita and King Pepper had
rarod heads apart for more than five fur
loEjrs, Odom's strong hand-riding on
Hurstbourne brought the occupants of the
grand stand to their feet, and amidst
*rreat applause the Fleiachman colt won
by a length, while King Pepper was sec
ond, a head in front of Astarita. Tam
O'Shaijter ran a strong fourth after a
j>oor Mad off. Summary:
FIRST RACK— Six furlongs, seUlns, 3-year
c!c!f and upward:
letting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
4 to 1— Interval. 104 (O'Brien).. 4 111
12 to 1— Salvatella, >*7 (Connell).. 5 4 2 h
4 to 1— Ascension, 113 (Smlthson) 13 3 2
Time, 1:14 1-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, Oalrwitod Stable's h. i. by Fonso-In
termiss. Dinksie 102. Beyerta 10?. Midnight
Chimes 108. Geneseo 10S. Neither One 10S,
Oaledonlte 105. Courtmald 1C5. .Eva Russell 108.
Mary Street 102. Red Damsel 113, Lontval*
I t£S ai»» ran.
SECOND RACE — Six furlongs, purse, 2-year
olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
* to .V— Jocund. 115 (Burn*) 4 2 11
I to 1— Th Southernr. 102 (Ganon) 3 7 2 h
10 to 1— Per.taur 112 «Bullman).. » 6 3 h
Time. 1:14. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner. T. Hitchcock Jr.s ch. c. by Mirthful-
I--lower Dellls. I > ri*tlna 09. Letola 0». Topsic
!<»», Wotan 112. Knobhampton 112. Stroma t»9.
Kcdman a». H*ad Lad K!2, Tithonic 10t$ also
ran.
THIRD RACE— Mile and an eighth. 3-year
cld« and up purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
II to :•— Roehamptn, ll'J (Bllman) 1112
•i to ft— Proper. 107 « O'Neill) 2 2 23
12 to 5-Oora Paul. 112 <OJom>... 3 3 3 JSO
Time. 1 :52 4-.V Start ffood. Wen easily.
Winner. J. O. KoHanabe«'s ch. c. by Ba'.h
amptoTi-Agnes riash. Earl of Warwick S>»
also ran.
FOl'RTH RACK— Six furlongs, test handi
cap, .'{-year-olds and upward:
Batting. Hcrse. Weight. Jockey. St. 8 « Fin.
11 to 5 — Humboume. US (Odom). 2 '.i I 1
IT. to 1— King Pepper. 120 (Hoar) X 1 2 h
5 to 1 — Actanta. lilt (llullman). 12 3 1
Time. 1:13 3-5. Start bad. Won cleverly.
Wlrrver. J. Fleisohmarn'B b. c. by Indlo-
Flora Hurst. Tam O'Shanter 102. Operator
lf»». Sir Voorhies 1OO, Northern Star 120. I'n
mayked 123. Daly «-'. Old England 124. Lady
Vncas 103, Duelist «5, Dublin 130, St. Finnaa
102 also ran.
FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs, puree, maiden
2-y*-ar-o!d5:
Betting. Hors*. Weight. Jockey. St. »; Fin.
Even— Mohartb. Ii2 (BuIIman). 7 !i 1 2
7 to 1 — <Irt Crowing. 1«R» (Burns) 5 1 2 h
25 to 1— Trquiye Blue. 1OS* (Hlckst 0 4 3 2
Time. 1:14%. Start ba4. Won driving.
Wlr.rwr. J. V.\ Schorr's br. c. by EKher-Reflec
tion. Mohave 112. Gold Dome 112. Bouvier
1<S«. Bluifh 112. Waterspout 112. Gendarme 112.
Donnelly 112. High Wind 112, Overhand 10»,
The Arena I".'. Ned Moore 112. Fine Fleur 100,
Oolden Mallow 10U. Kalerr.lau 112. Long Die
tance 112 also ran.
SIXTH RA^E— Mile and a sixteenth, felling:
XVtting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »« Fin.
3 to 1— Damon 1<4 <O'XeiII> 2 1 1 n
5 to 1— StrolUr, S« (Connell) 7 2 22
0 to 1— Ella Snyder. K0 (McCarty) 8 3 3 h
Time. 1 :47 3-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, It. H. Me Porter** b. c. by Nomad-
Roitte. Dekatwr 100, Homestead 114. Orion*
!'*•. Khital KO. Turnpike 1<ki Ithan 100 Mc-
WUUCBM 110, Lisikal 1<«: also ran.
BRIGHTON BEACH ENTBIES.
NEW YORK. July 10. — Brighton's entries
fur Friday are:
Firrt rare, tix furlongs, two-year-olds, t«ll
ir.K—Sailor Knot LOS. Nlnepln K», Tender Crtst
!«». Trouville 105, Sir Wilt !«. Harbor 107.
Rot* Parrith 104. Prince of Elm 102. Hydran
gea :»4. Luminosity 104. Short Cake 104. Tommy
Hot 102. Dinah Shad 100.
Second rar^. Mx furlongs, fillies, three-year
olds — Many Thank* 1<»4. Effle Kheppard 104
Tristrerw in». Adio* 1<«. Coruscate in». La««
<>' Linden lfO. Mami*- Worth 1OH. Ironorlast 104
Oavicta UH. Florham <Jue»n 109. Show Girl HA.
Bethel Gray 104. •Stamping Ground 109. Pres
entation Vft. Karawta iw. Our Nugget 109,
Futurlta 109.
Tnird race, one and a sixteenth miles, cell
ing — I>ad«"r 102. Ethtcn 10rt. ht. Sever V". Early
Kve '.m. I^a^y Potentate IWJ. Baikal 91. Circus
112. Rflle of Troy 101. The Rival 103. Colonnay
101. Thomeycroft 11H. Past nil, Afrneg D 101.
The Rhymer Hrti, Rellarlo 10*>. Erne« Parham
Ktf. N'verreore 100. Justice 106.
Fourth rare, on* and en eighth miles, handi
cap—Articulate 12fi. Hunter Ralne 123. Bon
M"t 122. W. K. Condon 114. Himself 111. Elliott
1«C. Thorneycroft 10S. Satire 104 Lord Badge
102. Tujrai B*y H7. Cogswell »0.
Fifth ra<-e. six furlongs, two-yenr-old*. han
f'irap — Bagful 126. Pace Klnir 124. Rain or
Shine llo. Hopeful Misn 111. Silent Water 111.
Sixth mrf. one and a sixteenth miles, maiden
t hree-year-o'dc — After the Ball 106, Dunean
non 111. Profitable 10K. King Carter 111. Nuit
Blanch* 1O0. Hylano 111. Beverly 108, Semper
M»ai 10«. Cocagtie ill. RucreU Garth 111, Kln ?
P>o*t Km. Pa«K !?or,k 111. La'ara 108. Nodo
111. Karl of Norfolk 108. William Stead 111,
Lelpflc 111.
Weather cloudy; track muddy.
IIRIGIITOX BEACH SELECTIONS.
<By the New York Telegraph.)
Fim« Race— Tendercrett, Lnmln
o»lt>-, 5>nllor Knot.
Second Rare— Mamie Worth, Fa
turitn, (invinln.
Third Unco Leader, I.ndr Poten
tate. Agnea II.
Fourth Knee— Articulate, Lord
Barfire. Thorneycroft.
Fifth Hat— Hopeful Miaa, Race
Kin or. Baaefnl.
M>tli Race— Lelpnlc, llvlnnd, Ber
erle>'.
Special Dispatch to The Call
ATLANTIC HIGHLANDS, N. J., July
16.— After a forty-mile leeward and wind
ward race off Sandy .Hook lightship to
day Shamrock III led her trial horse to
the finish line by six minutes and thirty
seconds and won by only fifteen seconds
less. In the first half, of the race the
cup seeker dropped Shamrock I at the
rate of sixty-live seconds and more to the
mile, but during the run to the outer
mark the older boat was the first to catch
a new breeze, which sent her along at a
pace that slleed nearly three minutes off
the challenger's lead.
It was a clear fluke, which, as usual in
a run before the wind, favored the stern
boat. Shamrock III had beaten the other
by nearly two minutes in the first run to
leeward, so that the challenger must have
lost about five minutes by the fluke. In
all she covered twenty miles of windward
work seven minutes and eighteen sec
onds faster than the challenger. From a
nine-knot breeze at the start the wind
dropped to three knots at tne finish, but
held west-northwest all day. Summary:
Elapsed
, . Start. Finish. time.
Shamrock III 11:20:13 4:53:04 5:32:«S
Shamrock 1 11:20:33 4:69:34 5:33:01
ST. LOUIS. July 16.— Orpheum won the
Midsummer Stakes, the feature of the
card at Delmar Park to-day, in easy fash
ion, leading from start to finish. The first
three races furnished hair-ralslngr finishes
In each case. Miss Mae Day, the favorite
In the last event, made a show of her
field, winning by fifteen lengths, pulled
up. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1 — Submarine. 102 (C.Bonner) 6 6 1 n
S to 1— Lady Idrls, "J7 (Plunkett). 2 12 2
20 to 1— Quicksilver Sue,a5(DoweII) 3 3 3 Va
Time, l:l<;>i. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, L. Lemp & Co.'s ch. m. by Margrave-
Sunjectlon. Elita Cook 105. MIbs Guldo 102,
Aline S 102. Margie S JOO. Rowdy Q 102, Dr.
Burns 102. Ventoro 104, Robert Jr. 1W and
Thoth D7 also ran.
SECOND RACE— One and a quarter miles;
celling.
Betting. Horue. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
N to f> — Gin Spray, 102 (Louden).. 9 3 1 n
4 to 1 — Laffo. 103 (C Bonner) 6 12 5
10 to 1 — Pamplona, l)~ (D. Austin). 14 3 2
Time, 2:11 H- Start good. Won driving.
Winner, J. W. Berthurum's ch. g. by Fonton-
Spring Spray. BaronPt 87, Eliza Dillon ftS,
I'athos 0.1, Terra Incognita 104, General Dlx
HO, Hanan 105 and Peter Duryea 103 also ran.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling.
Batting. H.>rse. Weight. Jockey. St. ?; Fin.
3 to 1— Kittle G. 10S (W. Watson) 3 1 In
3 to 1— Dr. Clark. 109 (F. Smith). 7 7 2 6
10 to 1 — North'n Kpy,107(Klnnerty) 5 4 3 1
Time, 1:16%'. Start good. Won drlvln?.
Winner. A. I'hillips & Co.'s br. m. by Re^u
tatlon-l'ufs B. Also Ran II 1O4, West Bid;n
101, Tenny Belle lltt. Called Back «5, B.n<f jia
»7. Felton 10», Burgoyne 104 and Approved 102
also ran.
FOURTH RACE— One mile and 70 yards;
Midsummer Handicap.
Betting. Horne. Weight. Jockey. St. ¦% Fin.
•! to 1— Orpheum, K5 (Bridewell).. 3 111
7 to 1— Plrateer. W (Hlggins). ... t$ 4 2 h
! 0 to 5 — Jordan. 110 (D. Austin)... I 2 3 tf
Time, 1 :47. Start good. Won handily. Win
ner, P. .T. Nolan's b. c. by Ornament-Blanch
J II. Helen Print 100, Evea O 103 and Ed
gardo l<>;[ also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
2 to 1— Imboden. 100 (D. Hall)... 3 2 13
2(» to 1— II. McGowan. «7 (Shilling) 13 2 1
2 to 1— Kilo, 100 (D. Austin) « 4 3 Vi
Time, 1:10. Start good. Won eanily. Win
ner, W. Cole & Co.'s ch. c. by Guldo-Sound.
Check Morgan OS. Perla 92, Town Moor !>»,
Atlas 05 and Pinky H UO ah>o ran.
SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
selling.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
(i to 5— Misi M. Day.iai(F.Smlth) 4 1 1 10
7 to 1— Lt. Oiwra, 100 iC. Bonner) 14 2 4
l» to 2— De IJeszke, 107 (Shea) 2 3 3 n
Time, 1:48. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, W. W. Elliott's br. m. by Hermence-Ala
Italia. Judge Canirell 101 and Ilandspinner b3
uIfu ran.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS, July 10.— The entries for Friday
are:
First race, mile and seventy yards, selling —
The Fiddler 107. Ben Hullum 102 Trialmore
lt;5. Varner 97. Lexell 104. Professor Neville
10S. Belle Simpson 102, Eocrya 104, Irving
Mayor loi B*>n Hempstead 102, Daddy Bender
02. Henglst 101.
Second race. live furlong* purse — Toupee 105
Enigma 109, Toot.«ey Mack 10."i Port Warden
1OS. Ix>rd Hermence 10* Wigwam 103 Fenian
ION. Dusty Miller 1CS. Grangeman 10S. Sweet
Note 10M. Uustler 105. Sue W 105, Slgnorlna
103.
Third race, six furlongs, selling— Whit Ar
thur 107, Shot Proof 05 Lady Charlotte lOo,
Dolly Hayman 100 Snowdrift 105 Mrs Wlggs
105 Caelana 105 Scepter 112. Alflo 105, Mav
«rlrk 107. Dolly Gray 105.
Fourth race, six furlongs, purse — Mildred L
105. Clifton Forge lo.S. Orient 105. Talhouet
10S. Forehand 108. Mag Noltn 10r>. Major Pel
ham 10S. Mafalila 105. Tom Klley 105. (Orient
and Mafalda. T. P. Hayes entries.)
Fifth race, six and a half furlongs selling —
Mike Strauss 11«. Tom Crabb 114 Miss \Ve*t
102. Four Leaf C 104. dales 111. Duela 107,
Nearest 104.
Sixth race, mile and seventy yard*, selling —
Domlnis 104. Klnloch Park 105. Dawson 105.
Great Car I (>:'.. I^das 110. Montana Peeress
OS. Fanny Knox 05. Chamloo 105. Legation 05,
Cast Iron 105. Eugenia S H>5.
Weather clear; track good.
ST. LOUIS SKLECTIOXS.
(By the New York Telegraph.)
I"irnl Itn<'f — lielle SlinpMon, Vnr
ner, Irvine Mayor.
Second Hnoe — Tootney Mack,
IluHtler. Sue VT.
Third Ilaee — Lady Charlotte,
Mnverlek, Scepter.
¦Koiirth Ilaee — Major Pelhatn,
Forehand, Tom Klley.
Fifth Iliioo — Minn Went, Foar Leaf
C. CIhI.h.
Sixth Unce — Diiivnnn, Chnndoo,
Etif?enla 8.
Special Dispatch to The Call
CHICAGO, July 16.— Through a sensa
tional stretch run at a time when he
seemed helplessly beaten. English Lad
won the Hyde Park Stakes at Washington
Park to-day by a head from Auditor,
which was the same distance In front of
Flo Bob. Flo Bob was the best horse,
but Wonderly swung him wide on the
stretch turn and he lost more ground
that he was able to make up. Flo Bob
was favorite at 5 to 2, and was heavily
played, while English Lad did not lack
for friends at 3. The others were backed,
but the play was mainly consigned to
these two. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
purse.
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1 — Buccaneer. 1WS (Wllms)... 13 11
•» to 2 — Trompeupe. 115 (Knight).. 4 4' 2 1
15 to 1— My Enter, 10u (Henderson) 7 2 3 n
Time, 1 :07 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, Chinn & Forsyth's ch. c. by St. George.
Ethel Thomas. Black Wolff 103. Gub Quarles
103, Instructor lul. Lanark 103. Gayosa 1(W,
Sauerkraut UK). Zar 103, Kleinwood lls, also
ran.
SECOND RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
purse,
netting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. K Fin.
7 to 2 — A. D. Gibson. U>1 (L.Wlsn) 2 2 11
15 to 1 — Paul Whaley. 101 (Phlips) 7 5 2 1
7 to 1— Bardolph, U3 (S. Bonner).. 3 1 3 h
Time, 1:19 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, W, W. Iiard-n & .Co.'s ch. g. by
Favor-Kate Pelletler. Ontonagon 1>3, Head
water 104. Ahola SS. Federal 101. The Giver
104. Dr. St«*i'h*-ns 111, Hvenlng Star »7, also
ran.
THIRD RACE — Six furlongs; the Hyde Park
¦takes.
Bettlrg. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1— English Lad. ll>5 <Dmnlck).12 5 1 h
6 to 1— Auditor. US (Helgesen) 8 1 2 h
5 to 2— Flo Bob. 121 (Wonderly)... 5 2 3 4
Time. 1:14. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, Kred Cook's ch. c. by Requital-English
Lady. Batts 121. Lonsdale 1-0. imcii.es OUle
110. Ja»on IIS, Re<juiter IIS, Ort Wells Us,
Prince Sllverwlngs 121. Ed Tierney 121, Cop
per 113, Don Demo 11."., also ran.
FOI'RTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
selling.
Bettir.*. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
7 to 1— Guld Bell. 107 <B. Davis).. 8 7 1 n
I to 1— Alfred C. 101 <H. Phillips). 112 3
5 to 1 — Capt. Arnold. 94 (Knapp).. 3 S 3 n
Time. l:4U3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, J. F. Schorr's b. c. by Gold Crest -
Heatherbell. The Keatucklan 10W. Louisville
101. Frivol JK), Our Bessie 94, Carat 10t>, also
ran.
FIFTH RACE — One mile; purse.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 1<>— Mons. Beauculre.bti (Hlgn) 2 1 1 1U
3 to 1— John Bright. 10!» (Knight). 1 4 2 1 '"
5 to 2— Nitrate. 107 (C. Gray) 3 3 3 4
Tim-, 1:41 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, W. W. Harden & Co.'a ch. c. by Mac
duff-Kate Pelletler. Inventor 10M also ran.
HIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles:
selling.
Benin*. Horse. Wrifcht. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
12 to J-^Mot, 10* (Henderson) 6 7 12
« to 5— Boaster. 10S (L. Wilson)., ft 4 2 V4
h to 1— Moabina. 102 < Helgesen) . . 4 13 1
Time. 1 .47. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, Louis Thompson's b. g. by Hermenre-
Queenly. Omdurman 104. Evelyn Byrd lev
Frank Me 104. Lady Matchless Ul. Lou W.«o\
US. Lady Choriyten 104. Bluemint 102. Fl-an>
M 101. Banana ' r. am 91, Vulcaln 113, also ran.
WASHINGTON PARK ENTRIES.
CHICAGO July 16— Washington Park en
tries for Friday are:
First race, six furlonzs — The Giver 112.
Scorpio 111. Never Fret 111. Burnie Bunton
\m. Erema 10», Nellie Waddell 107. Zella
Knight 107, Walnamolnen 107 Oronte 10",
Vestry SS.
Hecond race, one mile, selling — Postmaster
Wright 112. Esh«-rln 104. Glassful 102 The
Forum I(i2. Avoid 101. Harry 1*9. Omina 08,
Marlln it*.
Third rare. S 1^ furlongs. selling — Hel
irerson 106. Elwood lOfi My Alice 103. Rain
land 103 Spencerian 102. Sweetie 102. Grief
l<>0 Ht-nry Luehrmar.n Jr. its General Stew
ard DS. El Corteza 08.
Fourth race, neven and a. half furlongs —
Grand Opera 112. Toah 111. B^au Ormonde 104.
Dr. Stephens 104, Federal 101. Macy IK) Bru
lare 'M.
Fifth race, mile and .V> yards — Jack Ratlin
llo. Schualbe 105. Hoodwink 102. Sidney C.
Love 97.
Sixth race one and an eighth miles, selling —
Hermencia lOtl. Bard of Avon Ktt. Miracle II
101 Major Tenny 101. Barrlca 101. Flaunt US,
Alee B8 Fading L4ght M».
Weather clear; track fact.
wasiiixgtov r.\mc sri,ectio\s.
(By the Chicago Inter Ocean.)
FIrat Race Dnrnie Ilnnton, .\>lllc
\Viid<l«-ll. Wnlnamiiliii-ii. /
Second Itace — ¦ Glawnful, Ornlna,
The .' tiriuii.
Third ItiK-e — HHc'TMin, Mainland,
Klnood.
Fourth Race— Toali, Grand Opern,
Bran Ormonde.
Fifth Hacr Hoodwink, Kidney C.
Lore, iichiralbe. '
Sixth Hnoe Major Tennj-, Her
mencia, Hard of Avon.
Special Dispatch to The Call
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(Pacific Coast League.)
W. L. P"ct. W. L P"ct.
Los A-ng....6O 34 .638 Oakland ...43 61 .4l||
Sacto 65 40 .579 Seattle ....3tt 65 .39tt
San Fran ..67 42 .57C Portland ...34 53 .3»l
Three nice little blngles, coming at the
right time as they did in the sixth round
of yesterday's battle at Recreation Park,
put Uncle's followers one to the good.
After that the Senators never had a look
in, so the game came to end with the
score 4 to 3.
'Twas a snappy contest, full of ginger
and life. The Senators fielded perfectly and
never let a ball get away from them
when it left the bat of the home club
bers. But they were in a quandary when
ever they faced Jimmy Whalen. In only
one round could they do anything with
the stick. Then they made three, but
three were not enough to win out with.
Whalen was In the real form nearly all
the time and pitched ball that would go
in anybody's league. He had a burst of
speed every once In a. while that was the
genuine stuff and his curves broke away
so fast that seven of the Senators hit
nothing but wind in their vain at
tempts to line the ball out of the lot.
With Irwin on third in the fourth round,
Thomas forgot himself long enough to
make a wild pitch, which let in a run.
Then all was tranquil till the Senators be
gan to get into the going during the sixth.
McLaughlln singled and Egan bunted.
Irwln threw the ball wide to Pabst and
McLaughlln scooted around to third and j
Egan alighted on the middle sack.
Sheehan tore a torrid one past Delmas
and both runners landed at the rubber.
Then Hogan made good with another out
to center and this brought Sheehan home
with the last run -of the game for the
Senators.
The home talent made its gallant stand
in its half of the same round. Shay was
given a pass to first, but Meany forced
him at second, and the prospects for three
runs were anything but bright. But Ir
win sent Meany down to second with a
nice drive to right field and Tommy
Leahy brought him home by smashing
the leather to the same place.
Irwin landed on third and he and Leahy
neatly worked the double steal. Pabst's
out by the short and first process scored
Irwln and a moment later Graham let one
of Thomas' swift owa go through him
and this was enough to let Leahy amble
hor. - with the last run of the game. The
score:
Sacramento— 1 San Francitco—
AB. H. II. P.A.I AB. R. H. PA.
Casey.2b 3 O I « 3' Shay, ».. 3OU02
Hildnd.lf 4 i. li 1 o Meany.rf 4 1 1 1 O
M'Lgh.cf 4 12 10 Irwin.3b 4 2 3 © 2
Egan. n 3 1 O 1 3 Leahy, c 4 1 2 7 O
Twn'd.lb 3 O O12 1 t'abxt.lb 3 O •» 1A O
.Sh'hn..-!b 4 1 1 O 0 Lynch.lf 3 0 1-10
Grah'm.c 4 0 112 Kruff, cf 3 0 O 3 A
Hogan.rf 4 0 110. I>lms,2b 30004
Thom's.p 3 0 0 1 TWhuln.p 3 0 10 4
•Keefe ..10000;
Totals. 30 4 8 27 11
Totals. 33 3 0 21 1GI
*Batted for Thomaa In the ninth Inning.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 O O 0 O 3 0 0 0 — 3
Base hits <> O 0 O 1 3 1 n 1 — »;
8an Francisco ...O 0 O 1 O 3 O o x — 4
Base hits 0 112 0 3 0 1 x— S
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases— Irwln 2, Ca«*y 2. Hlldebrand.
Leahy. Egan. Three-base hit — Graham. Two
base hits — McLaughlln. Casey. Sacrifice hit —
Kgan. Errors — Lynch, lrwln, Krug. First
bane on errors — Paoramento 1. First base on
called balls— Off Whalen 4. off Thomas 1. Left
on basen — San Francisco 3. Sacramento 8.
Struck out — By Whalen 7. by Thomas 1. Passed
ball — Graham. Wild pitches — Whalen, Thomas.
Time of game — 1 hour SO minute*. Umpire —
O'Connell.
Speeches were made by Edward Aigsl
tinger. P. McKinley, J. "Werthehner, I.
B. Dalziel. Arthur Franklin, F. H. Clem
ents, D. F. CTowley, Felix Gross. Dr.
Schwartz, Joseph Springer and M. Maher.
Albert Mayer, Joseph Werthelmer, W. J.
Thompson. William Dressier, Henry Sena, F.
Wise. J. C. Bourbon. Peter Lynch. C. Ro
bchln, Louis Haake, Emll Prahl, James J. Mur
ray, Larry Sellnger, Captain H. Asher. Joseph
Springer. Percy McKinley. F. H. Clement. Carl
Baumann. Ed Goetz, F. W. Thompson, Fred
Llbby.
The following were chosen by President
Alex Truman to serve as an executive
committee:
A resolution waa also passed which de
clared that a list of those eligible to
serve as delegates from the district
should be presented at the next regular
meeting in order that twenty-five may bo
selected.
Resolved. That this club favors the nomina
tion by the Republican municipal convention
of a Republican of unquestioned party alle
giance as our candidate for Mayor. We mak»
thl* declaration, not becau«e of any personal
opposition to any candidate for the office who
may be Identified with «ome other party, but
because we belitv* in the Republican party
and In lt» ability to vrisely administer the af
fairs of the government and because we be
lieve no one but a representative Republican
should receive the nomination from this party.
A meeting of the Regular Republican
Club of the Thirty-eighth Assembly Dis
trict was held last night In Hamilton Hall
on the corner of Geary and Steiner
streets, at which resident Republicans of
the district signed the roll of the club,
bringing the membership up to the 400
mark. The following resolution 4 was
passed, as representative of the senti
ments of the club in respect to the nomi
nation for Mayor:
THIRTY-EIGHTH DISTRICT.
There was a full attendance last even-
Ins at ihe headquarters of the United Re
publican League of the presidents ami
vice presidents to the advisory council
and executive committee members to tha
central executive committee from all the
district clubs. During the session, which
lasted for several hours, a series of sug
gestions were made to promote the suc
cess of the league and to insure victory la
every district at the primary election.
The meeting was full of enthusiasm and
the -representatives from each district
were called upon In turn to give a true re
port of the political situation in their
respective districts.
To-morrow evening the Fortieth Assem
bly District Club, affiliating with the
United Republican League, will hold a
rally at Franklin Hall, corner of Fillmore
and Bush streets. An excellent literary
and musical programme Is being ar
ranged. The committee has invited Dun
can E. McKInlay, George H. Bahrs. R. H.
Countryman, P. A. Bergerot, John 3.
Partridge. E. I. Wolfe. George A. Mc-
Gowan. Merton C. Allen, A. Ruef. Daniel
A. Ryan. T. D. Rlordan and Carey Van
Fleet to speak. The well-known singer,
Sam Booth, has promised to entertain In
addition to other singers and musical ex
ercises.
The Republican municipal convention
to be held September 13 will not be short
of material for the ticket. Several of the
present local office holders of the party
are already In the field for renomlnation
and the list of new candidates for the fa
vor of the convention is dally growing
larger. There is promise of an interest
ing contest for the lucrative office of
Sheriff. Indications are that many dis
trict delegations partial to the indorse
ment of Henry H. Lynch will be success
ful at the primary election on August 11.
Mr. Lynch Is well known throughout the
city. He is popular and has influential
friends in every one of the eighteen As
sembly districts. He is openly in the
field as a candidate for the nomination
of Sheriff and If he does not succeed in
winning the prize his supporters will be
greatly surprised. It is common political
gossip also that the party leaders and
organizers hold to the opinion that Lynch
as the nominee for Sheriff would
strengthen the ticket and brighten the
prospects for victory at the polls In No
vember.
UNITED REPUBLICAN LEAGUE.
CHICAGO, July 16.— McChesney will
meet Waterboy, the Eastern crack, in
what practically amounts to a match
race on July 22 at Brighton Beach. E. E.
Smathers, owner of McChesney, received
a telegram from Secretary Boden of the
Brighton Beach track, offering a purse
of $10,000 for a meeting between the two
colts. As match races are forbidden by
the Jockey Club, the rules call for a field
including three-year-olds and upward.
Smathers wired his acceptance.
McChesney was shipped East to-night
to be prepared for the race. Everybody
here thinka McChesney will win easily
and on the day of the big race Middle
Western turfmen will never stop betting
on the big fellow until the starter raises
the barrier. Not in years has any equine
champion so completely won the con
fidence of his followers, and local experts
do not see where Waterboy will have a
ghost of a chance to win. It is believed
that, should McChesney not go amiss in
the East, he will go to the post a top
heavy favorite.
NEW YORK, July 16.— The conditions of
the race between McChesney and Water
boy are as follows:
Championship special at weight for age, for
horfeps three years old and upward, by sub
fecrlptlon of $G<K> each, or $50 If declared out
by i: p. m., on Tuesday, July 21; the associa
tion to add MO.000. WateTboy and McChesney
to start or no race. Good weather and track;
one and a quarter miles.
ab Sam Hildreth, the trainer of Mc-
Ch^Bney, Is In bad standing with th«
Jock?y Club here, Smathers probably will
turn the horse over to Frank \ Taylor.
"Jack" Joyner, trainer of Waterboy,
wagered $10,000 that Waterboy would
¦win. A telegram was at once sent to
Chicago notifying Smathers, who wired
to accept and take as much as was offer
ed, the money to be put up to-morrow at
the track.
The Championship Special probably will
be the greatest racing event run in Amer
ica. The betting is expected to be the
heaviest ever known in the ring, as Sma
thers will be offering his money until the
barrier is sprung, starting the two cracks
on their Journey. . >.
Odom's Fine Ride Lands the
Colt Winner by a
Length.
Senators Field in Perfect
Form, but Whalen Has
Them Guessing.
Fluke Saves the Older Craft
From a Disgraceful
Defeat.
Wonderly's Poor Ride on
Flo Bob Co3ts Him
the Race.
United Republican League
Presidents Hold a
Conference.
Miss Mae Day Beats Her
Field by Fifteen
Lengths.
Likely to Be Greatest Racing
Event Ever Run in
This Country.
Hurstbourne Outfoots a
Clever Field at
Brighton.
Uncle's Batsmen Pile
Up Three by Good
Sticking.
Leads From Start to
Finish in the Mid
summer.
English Lad Captures
Hyde Park Stakes
by a Head.
Beats Her Namesake in
Forty-Mile Speed
Contest.
Nomination of H. H.
Lynch for Sheriff
Looks Certain.
Sons of Macduff and
Watercress to Meet
on July 22.
FAST SPRINTERS
IN A HANDICAP
NEW SHAMROCK
AN EASY WINNER
ORPHEUM WINS
DELMAR STAKE
SENSATIONAL RUN
THROUGH STRETCH
THOMAS' CURVES
EASY IN SIXTH
RACE TO SETTLE
TURF'S KINGSHIP
CITY ELECTION
DEVELOPMENTS
M'CHESNEY AND WATERBOY, TURF CHAMPIONS OF EAST AND WEST, MATCHED TO RACE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY IT,' 1903.
ADE2>\ Arabia. July 1«. — The expedition
headed by .William SlacMillan of Ft. Louis?
Mo., which mi fitted out to explore the course
of the Blue Nile with the view to aeccrtaining
ltn navigability aa a' trade rout* fxcro Central
Abyssinia to the Mediterranean hag aban
doned It* task. The boats were swamped but
there were ao cacualtie*
The members of the Occidental Athletic
Club will hold their annual cross coun
try tramp next Sunday. They will take
the 9 o'clock boat to Sausalito, then go
by train to Mill Valley and climb to the
top of Mount Tamalpais. They will then
return to Mill Valley, where luncheon
will be served.
Cross-Country Tramp.
England's Champion Sculler.
LONDON, July 16.— F.S. Kelly of Ox
ford, winner of the Diamond Sculls at
Henley last week, to-day won the Wing-
Held Sculls and the amateur sculling
championship of England over the Put
ney to . Mortlake course. He easily de
feated A. H. Cloutte, the former cham
pion.
BERLIN, July 1C— Twenty-nine Klshenev
refugees have arrived at Berlin en route to
the United States. Most , of them are pehnl-
When a man gets off a : cheap joke in
a public, address j his hearers grow fran
tic to show approval. When he does a
good thing in private life the. applause
is longer. In coming and is not so chcer
fnllv orluan. Whv.la 1|_» "\ •¦-'.' .
PALO ALTO. July 16.— Twenty crack
shots of this town held a meeting last
night and organized the Palo Alto Rifle
Club. The purpose of the organization Is
to give the members practice In rifle
shooting and to hold competitive trials of
marksmanship. The " club has already
made krrangements for the construction
of a range. Professor A. B. Show of Stan
ford University was elected president for
the ensuing year and B. F. Hall secre
tary.
Palo Alto Riflemen Organize.
8Petroleum is the fuel of all tha locomo
tives In Asia.
NEW TORK, July 16. — The organization of
the -American Stogie Company. . incorporated
under the laws ot New Jersey, vu completed
to-da*» . ¦ . - '" _,
Tho Elgin Dairy Report says, in speak
ing of the Lawrence-Kennedy milking
machine, a New Zealand invention: "So
far as the experience of users has gone
the results are of such a satisfactory na
ture as to justify the belief that at length
the i mechanical milker has arrived."
' VAXXEJO. July 16. — Captain George Wheel
er : was officially informed this morning . that
ho had been the successful candidate in the
examination for yard pilot and had been ap
pointed to that position by the Navy Depart
ment. The position is in the civil service and
pays a salary of $1500 a year.
OAKLAND, July 18,-The Park and
Boulevard Committee of the City Council
to-night recommended that the Council
ratify the acceptance by the Board of
Public Works of the conservatory and
park site Improvements given to the city
by the Adams estate heirs. The board is
authorized, under this recommendation, to
employ a general superintendent of public
parks, with headquarters at the Adams
conservatory park, at a salary of $90 a
month. In execeutlve session the Audit
ing and Finance Committee decided to
recommend that salaries of extra depu
ties in the City Treasurer's and Tax Col
lector's office be $100 a month. :
Adams' Gift Accepted.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, July 16.
Professor Robert Herrick, who writes
books and criticizes, Is not at all perturb
ed by what the lady school teachers at
tending the summer school at the Uni
versity of California are saying about
him. He goes sailing on In his smooth
way, altogether indifferent to the side
remarks and burning thoughts about him.
It makes no difference to him whether a
school ma'am thinks" him too cruel for
anything, for he goes right on picking
the manuscripts to pieces and Haying
their aspiring authors alive.
Professor Herrick has a few favorite
phrases that he uses industriously in his
classroom criticisms. "That is positively
illiterate," "This is ludiorous, indeed,"
"That is the worst ever written."
"I think Professor Herrick Is unneces
sarily cruel," 6ald one of the martyrs,
who does not want her name mentioned,
to-day. "He does not make allowances
for those poor unfortunates who are so
infinitely Inferior to him. It seems to me
it does not become a man teaching Eng
lish to use such a vulgar word as 'cock
eyed,' as he did yesterday. It is certainly
indelicate. Oh, he Is such a cruel man."
Professor Herrick prefers to say any
thing he has to say In the classroom, not
to newspapers, so the dear public may not
know his private opinion, publicly ex
pressed, of the genus co-ed.
How Professor Herrick
Peels About His
Critics.
When a mere lad I had often heard it
said that the eating of onions and lem
ons was a protection against contagious
diseases, and when about 13 years of age
I had an opportunity to teat them for
myself. I had spent the winter in the
city of "SfiW Orleans, where in the spring
yellow fever of a virulent type made Its
appearance, causing an urgent demand
for nurses, and having faith in what I
had heard of the protective power of
onions and lemons I concluded to take
what my friends called a ghastly risk
and made application at the "Common
Street Hospital" for a position as nurse,
was accepted and entered at once upon
a line of duty, in commencing which I
began the use of raw onions and lemons,
alternating weekly with lemons, always
taking them Just before going to bed.
I took no other remedy, although medi
cine was provided every morning for all
attaches. At the expiration of the tenth
week I was no longer needed, and left
in as vigorous health as when I entered
the hospital.
On taking my departure I waa remind
ed by the head physician that his medi
cine had probably preserved my health.
Nevertheless a number of nurses and at
taches had died of the- fever despite his
vaunted medical ability. Before leaving
the Institution I acquainted the doctor
with the fact I had not used his medi
cine, but had relied solely upon my
onion-lemon treatment, when he said it
was a wonder it had not killed me, and
if it had that I had deserved it
During our Civil War I had a similar
experience with smallpox cases in Wash
ington, L>. C, finding the onion and lem
on a perfect protection to myself and
many of my associates.
Onions and Lemons Are Preventives
of Many Disagreeable
Maladies.
EFFICIENT FOES
TO CONTAGIOUS ILLS
Standardizing Thermometers.
A number of attempts have beeen mada
at various times to Introduce standard
points on the temperature scale other
than the freezing point and boiling point
of water. For high temperature work,
especially the standardization of platinum
resistance thermometers, Messrs. Hey
cock and Neville have recommended the
use, as a third standard temperature, that
of the 'boiling point of sulphur. The
Zeltschrift fur physlkallsche Chemie con
tains an account of a very useful deter
mination, by Messrs. Richards and Wells,
of the position on the international hy
drogen scale of a standard temperature
intermediate between the freezing point
and boiling point of water. As the mean
result of twenty-two determinations,
made with four different thermometers,
it was found that the transition tempera
ture at which the monohydrate and the
dekahydrate of sodium sulphate wera
both in equilibrium with an aqueous so
lution of the salt lay at 32.3S3 degrees
with a probable error of O.OOL The water
used was purified by distilling twice and
freezing in a platinum vessel, and tha
sodium sulphate was crystallized until it
gave a constant transition temperature.—
New York Sun.
First Thing in the Morning.
The wife of D. S. Ritterband of New
York recently engaged a new maid who
had arrived from Ireland only six weeks
before her engagement She is an earnest
young woman who implicitly obeys in
structions. The other evening Mrs. Rlt
terband asked the maid to get her soma
sealing wax the first thing the following
morning. At 5 o'clock tHp next morning
the maid appeared at a neighboring drug
store, pounded at the door and awak
ened the clerk, who rushed cut and
asked: ' #
"What do you want?"
"I want 5 cents* worth of sealing wax
right away," replied the maid.
"Well, you'll run right back home and
go to bed without any sealing wax,"
snapped the disheveled and disgruntled
clerk. ¦->¦.;-.
The maid returned to her mistress
much distressed and with a demand that
a request be made for the discharge of
the "insolent clerk."— New York Times.
WASHINGTON. July^16. — President Roose
velt lssiieU an order eliminating old age a* a
disqualification for eligibility to appointment
aa laborers in the Government service.
A prominent government official who
has returned from a visit to Palm Beach.
Fla., tells about seeing a huge man-eat
ing shark that was captured at that
place. It was one of the biggest sharks
ever caught in Florida waters and was
evidently a sailor of many years. The
animal measured over, eighteen feet In
length, had a sword attachment that was
as long as an arm and was of the leop
ard variety, stamping it as one of the
man-eating variety, a dangerous beast.
The shark was caught by a shark fish
erman. He used a large rope for a line
and had a windlass as a reel. At the
end of the. line was a huge steel hook
and this was baited with a large bright
tin can. The shark bit at the bait and
was entrapped. He was landed after the
roughest time the fisherman ever experi
enced. It was the Interior of the fish,
however, that excited. the greatest Inter
est. When he was cut open a whole por
poise was found in the stomach. There
was also a large piece of partly digested
shark and the head of an ostrich. The
piece of shark Inside the monster was
out of the back and contained the back
bone of the dead animal.
A careful examination showed that the
backbones were larger than the back
bones of the captured shark. A number
of scars on his body ehowed that he had
been in conflict with another shark and
the finding of a piece of the adversary
showed that the conflict had ended in the
death of the opponent: that the victor
had then swallowed a juicy portion of his
adversary. The presence of the ostrich
head in the stomach of the man-eater
was regarded as undoubted proof that the
shark had probably just arrived in Flor
ida waters from Africa and that he had
made the trip In two or three days. The
head was not digested and the process
of digestion had only just begun. -There
is only one ostrich farm in Florida and
when that institution was communicated
with the owners said that they had not
lost an ostrich in a year. The ability of
a shark to pass a fast steamer in one
minute's time is well known to travelers
and there is no doubt that the shark had
been in African waters and had captured
a stray - ostrich or the head of one that
had been killed and then started across
the. Atlantic, reaching the Florida waters
before the ostrich head had begun to di
gest—Baltimore Herald.
Traveled From the Coast of Africa
to That of Florida in
Two Days.
THIS SHARK MADE
A QUICK JOURNEY
W. H. Miller, supreme master workman
of the Ancient Order of United Workmen,
arrived In this city from St Louis, Mo.,
yesterday for the purpose of explaining
to the membership here, and later on to
that of the California Jurisdiction, the
new plan of rates adopted at the recent
session of the supreme body of the order.
He was tendered a reception In Stelnway
Hall last night by a number who were
interested In the matter, but the audience
was not as large as those who had ar
ranged for the reception expected.
The meeting was called to order by
Grand Recorder C. T. Spencer, who Intro
duced Grand Master Workman Dr. F. W.
Browning, who made a short address,
after which he presented the supreme
master. The visitor explained at length
the new plan, which he said had been
prepared after a most careful examina
tion of statistics from all jurisdictions
and applying the results to the mortality
tables. He said that a condition confront
ed the order that made necessary a
change In the manner of conducting busi
ness in order to meet obligations prompt
ly. He said that while the rates had been
increased on those above the age of 55
years, they had been fixed at what it
actually costs to carry the risk, and that
at tne same time the younger members'
rates had been so adjusted as to make
them come within the lines that will
make them bear an equitable share of the
risks.
The supreme master workman denied
the raise of rates was for the purpose ot
"freezing the old men out," but said that,
on the contrary, the Supreme Lodge did
everything to keep- them in by providing
several plans, under each of which they
may retain their membership.
The new system in detail will be sent to
every member of the order.
COMES TO EXPLAIN
NEW PLAN OF RATES
Supreme Master Workman Mil
ler Says It Is Not Aimed
Against Old Men.
OAKLAND. July 16.— A. A. Sicotte. one
of the firemen burned at the Arcata
House, is suffering seriously from hia in
juries, which at the outset were not con
sidered dangerous. What were supposed
to be only surface burns have developed
badly. The flesh was burned on both
knees to the bone and indications of blood
poisoning have appeared. The Injured
fireman is under care of physicians at his
father's residence, 16S5 Eighth street.
Engine Company No. 2 of San Fran
cisco has sent $14 to the firemen's relief
fund and II. N. Dalton & Sons' foundry
$25.
Fireman's Burns Are Serious.
PBOPOSE SALARY CUT
AT THE FREE LIBRARY
Trustees' Fiscal Estimates Include
Rescinding- Former Board's Action
Increasing Employes' Pay.
OAKLAND, July 16.— The Board of
Free Public Library Trustees has pre
pared estimates of expense for the cur
rent fiscal year, based on a reduction of
several employes' salaries. Those affect
ed are Janitor E. Perrln, from $100 to $75;
Dwlght Strong, curator of the central
reading-room, $90 to $75; Charles Walter,
clerk of the board, $30 to $20. Shortly
before the old board retired In April the
increased amounts now cut in the budget
were allowed. Trustee George Evans,
who was re-elected to the new board,
declares that the proposed cut is with
out his approval and was made without
his knowledge.
The estimate will be used in fixing the
amount to be allowed the Free Public
Library when the tax levy is computed by
the City Council.
Organize Boys' Club.
BERKELEY, July 16.— The Rev. George
E. Swan, Henry Relmann and Guerdon
Bradley have been Instrumental in form
ing a boys' club for the choir singers of
St. Mark's Episcopal Church. It Is pure
ly a recreation club, and meetings are
held Saturdays in the old church, where
certain exercises are practiced under the
direction of William Smyth, formerly
physical culture director at the Olympic
Club. The members are Harold Hacker,
Stanton Perry. Harold Dodd, Lloyd Brad
ley, Mynard Jones, Harold James, Win
ston Churchill Wu, J. Fletcher Swan,
Henry Relmann and Howard Price.
To Establish Parental Schools.
OAKLAND. July 16.— The Oakland, Ala
meda and Berkeley Boards of Education
will hold a Joint meeting to-morrow even
ing at the City Hall to discuss plans for
the formation of a combined parental
school, provision for which was made by
the last Legislature. The school is In
tended for pupils whose conduct is a det
riment to the regularly established
classes.
Funeral of Ex-German Consul
OAKLAND. July 16.— The funeral of the
lete Charles Wllklr.s, former German Con.
eul to the 8amoan Irlands, who died last
Tuesday, was held from his late resi
dence, 1034 Adeline street, this afternoon,
Pev. George E. Swan, pastor of SL
Mark's Episcopal Church of Berkeley, of
ficiating. The pallbearers were Samuel Bell
McKee, Cecil J. Holcombe, Colonel J. P.
Currier, Harry East Miller. J. B. Kent
end Herbert Barry. The interment was
private and In Mountain View Cemetery.
"Would Settle Old Estate.
OAKLAND. July 16.— Petition for the
final settlement of the estate of Matthew
Crooks, who died In 1837. was filed to-day
fcy his daughter, Susan Thompson. The
estate was originally appraised at $537. 481
end has all been distributed to the heirs
with the exception of a few thousand
dollars.
Bank at Emeryville.
OAKLAND. July 16.— Emeryville Is to
have a bank and to this end articles of
incorporation of the Syndicate Bank were
filed with the County Clerk to-day. The
directors and stockholders are F. C.
Havens. Henry Wadsworth, E. A. Heron,
Henry E. Bothin, Stanford Bennett, W. H.
Martin and R. L. Chase. The capital
stock is 5100.000 and has all been s*-
BCiibcd.
OAKLAND, July 16.— Mary J. Johnson
instituted divorce proceedings against Ed
ward P. Johnson to-day .on the grounds
of desertion and failure to provide.
Wants a Divorce.
ALAMEDA, July 16.— To-morrow even-
Ing there will be a committee meeting of
the City Trustees. They will hear and
discuss citizens' petitions on the railroad
franchise question. The meeting will be
at the City Hall. The citizens demand
free rides on local trains running within
the city limits. They also ask that the
franchises be limited to five years.
Trustees to Hear Petitions.
OAKLAND, July 16.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Limus J. Dufau.
25, and Annie Stafford, IS. both of San
Francisco; Harry G. Edwards, 20, and
Hat tie Peck, 26, both of San Francisco;
Edward Goethe, 30. and Catherine Daly,
26, both of San Francisco.
Marriage Licenses.
Charges Homicidal Mania.
OAKLAND. July 36.— John F. Glelsner.
n Russian carpenter, was taken Into cus
tody to-<iay en the complaint of hla wife
and confined In the insane ward of the
Receiving Hospital. She states that he
threatened to kill every one in the neigh
borhood. His examination will take place
to-morrow.
Clcse cf Lutheran Conference.
OAKLAND, Ju!y J6.— The annual confer
ence cf the synod of the district of Cali
fornia end Nevada of the German Luth
eran church closed last night with rpeclal
services and communion. The farewell
Fermon was preached by Rev. G. Runkel,
moderator of the conference.
Woman Dies on Train.
OAKLAND. July ]C— Mrs. James Cueh
ing, wife of the former Marshal of Emery
ville, died yesterday on the train while
returninjr fronJ Berkeley, where she had
bf en visiting relatives. The cause of death
¦was heart disease. • '
CARES NOT WHAT
TEACHERS SAY
The Pontiff prefers to sit up in bed, as
in that position he feels less oppression
on his lungs and can breathe more eas
ily. Dr. Mazzoni spent much time exam
ining him. As his Holiness Is reduced al
most to a skeleton if a new operation is
decided upon it will not be because of
any hope of saving the patient's life, but
simply for the purpose of rendering the
death agony less acute.
"His Holiness had during the night
some hours of sleep, together with short
periods of slight excitement. The level
of the pleuric liquid is maintained In the
level indicated without seriously troubling
the Pontiff. The personal condition of
the august patient presents no note
worthy change. His pulsation is 83, re
spiration 30 and temperature 36.5 centi
grade. LAPPONI.
"MAZZONI."
ROME. July 17—9:05 a. m.— Dr. Mazzonl
entered the Pontiff's bedroom at half-past
8 o'clock this morning, after Dr. LapponI
had reported to him how his Holiness had
passed the night. He found the patient,
as Pope Leo himself said, "unrefreshed
and tired." His Holiness complained that,
while the doctors had promised that his
illness would not last long, it Is now two
weeks since he went to bed.
ROME, July 17.-9:30 a. m.— The follow
ing bulletin has Just been Issued by Pope
Leo's physicians:
PONTIFF IS REDUCED
ALMOST TO A SKELETON
Operation May Be Performed for
Purpose of Rendering Death
Agony Less Acute.
A. Anderson, E. O. Agnew, M. J. Ayers. M.
D. Baker. J. S. Babson. A. Bailey. A. Bird.
F. E. Bland. M. V. Boardman, K. X. Basaett.
J. E. Bunall, M. J. Brun. il. Borrows, F. E.
Brauch, J. Banews, E. P. Brown. M. R. Blythe.
L. Caddlngton, M. Conners, A. M. Crowley, M.
O. Donnelly. D. Dibble. S. J. Dewing. C. S.
Elliott, O. W. Frlck. B. Fellbu. E. Frank. M.
Gallego, E. Olbbs. C. F. Gerlick, C. J. Giam
blni. H. M. Glvens, L. Grove, B. L. Thompson,
8. P. Tragic, C. C. N. "Walker, E. Wallace, I*.
Ft. Washburn, L. E. White. J. W. Toung. A.
L. Zabel, D. Hendrlcks, A. C. Hennlng. O. 8.
Henwood, G. C. Herd, M. H. Howard. E. F.
Kes. A. M. Johnson, II. V. Kinsman, J. H.
I.umbard, P. Marshall. I. M. Morgan, S. M.
McClure. M. I. McCracken. C. A. McCracken.
H. M. Mullen. I. F. Morrison, It. Melqulond,
N. M. Nelman, N. H. Xeylan, J. O*Mera, C.
M. Partridge, F. C. Prebble. H. A. Rabbins,
L. Poden, C. E. Reed. M. E. Riley. S. I.
Regan, I. H. Stevens. H. M Sullivan. A. W.
Scott. M. F. Shaw. M. Storv. S H. Snook, F.
A. Smythe, E. H. Stckes. A. W. Trescott.
Seventy school teachers, who some time
ago filed their notices of withdrawal from
the Alameda County Teachers' Annuity
and Retirement Fund Association, were
allowed to draw out of the organization
to-day, taking with them an aggregate
of about $5000 from the fund. By an act
of the last Legislature they were permit
ted to do this, providing they filed notice
of withdrawal within a specified time.
The board of commissioners, consisting
of Supervisor Mitchell, County Treasurer
Feldler and Superintendent Crawford,
represented by his deputy, met to-day and
considered the list and authorized the
Treasurer to pay out of the fund the
amount each teacher who had filed notice
of intention had paid into It, and war
rants for these amounts, aggregating
$5000, were signed.
The association was organized in 1S97
and had enrolled about 140 teachers, who,
by the rules of the association, paid in $1
a month. At the end of a certain num
ber of years they were to be entitled to a
pension. Between $11,000 and $12,000 has
been contributed with the interest the
money has drawn. The many withdraw
als have cut the membership in half and
left only about $7000 in the fund. . It is
hoped, however, by those remaining In the
organization that the scheme may still
be made a success. Those who withdrew
are:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 16.
Repairs are being made to the buildings
and residences damaged by the explosion.
This work Is being done by a force of
railroad workmen.
ALAMEDA, July 16.— Blown out of the
cab of au exploding locomotive one day
and ready and willing to climb Into the
cab of another locomotive the next day Is
no't the usual order In railroading, but
that situation presented Itself when En
gineer Willis R. Duncan/ Fireman E. G.
Gale and Wiper Walter Hanson, who were
In the accident yesterday at Webster
street, reported for work this morning.
The men were attended yesterday by
Dr. E. M. Keys, resident physician of the
Southern Pacific. While he did not con
sider that any of their Injuries were se
rious he advised that they take life easy
for a few days and forget about their
nerve-Jarring experiences. Gale and Han
son are young men, but Duncan Is a vet
eran at the throttle, having handled
throttles for thirty years. He was anx
ious to resume his duties to-day, but
yielded to the doctor and returned home
to recuperate. His left eye is nearly
closed and there is a large gash In his
forehead. Gale's injuries are facial burns
from hot coals, and Hanson's are burns
by steam and water.
Seventy Teachers Draw
Out of Retirement
Association.
Men Blown Out of Cab
One Day Ready to
Work Next.
Ivy Lodge, No. 4, a 3lster lodge. In
stalled its newly elected officers. District
Deputy Sister Van Court presided over
the ceremonies.
The ritualistic work. It is said, was excel
lently performed by her, assisted by an
.excellent drill team appropriately cos
tumed. Past Chief of Honor Sister Jones
was the recipient of a valuable jewel pre
sented to her In the name of her lodge
by Past Chief of Honor Miller, who testi
fied to the care and Interest the young
lady had shown in her work for the
lodge.
Upon the occasion of the Installation of
the officers of Oak Leaf Lodge Past
Master Workman C. H. Miller was the
recipient of a gold past master's badge.
Master Workman Tait made the presenta
tion on behalf of the lodge and in a few
appropriate remarks thanked Miller on
behalf of the lodge for his efficiency while
In office and his painstaking attendance
to his duties.
at present of absorbing Interest to Work
men, it Is expected will be settled In the
near future and is thought will result In
the greater popularity of the order. Next
Friday evening Supreme Master Work
man Tait will address the members of
Oakland Lodge on the question, when in
all probability the greater portion of the
membership of the entire city will en
deavor to be present.
HARBOR NO FEAR
OF EXPLOSIONS
POINT RICHMOND, July 18.— A feud
has arisen among the townspeople over
the arrest of Colonel R. R. Thornton qn
a charge of shooting Frank Pursell. Tqo
residents have taken sides and the opinion
is that there will be trouble because of
bitter feeling:.
The premllminary examination of Col
onel Thornton was held to-day before
Judge Masterson. and he was held to an
swer a charge of assault to commit mur
der. His bond was set at $2500. He was
also placed under an additional bond of
JoOO to keep the peace. Henry Slrrenberg.
In whose saloon Thornton was found aft
er the shooting, and who is very friendly
with the hot blooded Southerner, was held
to answer as an accessory in bonds of
$1000. Thornton's friends declare that he
was brutally beaten by Pursell and one-
White, a brother-in-law of Pursell. The
wounded man's followers say Thornton
Is quarrelsome and had goaded Pursell.
They deny that White had any hand In
the early troubles between Thornton and
PurselL
THORNTON-FURSELL ROW
EXCITES A NEIGHBORHOOD
Bitter Feeling Grows and the Ac
cused Colonel Is Held in'
Bonds.
THE UPPER PICTURE IS OF DR.
E. R. TAIT AND THE LOWER OF
MORRIS ISAACS.
PENSION RIGHTS
RELINQUISHED
On the Associated properties, on the
other hand, all is life and hustle. It is
claimed that there is something doing in
Inner circles of the great combine. It Is
now believed by many well Informed per
sons that the Southern Pacific is Inter
ested in the suit filed against the Asso
ciated by the - Shamrock Oil Company,
and If Harrlman takes over the properties
of the combine It will be because this has*
been settled and Harriman Is convinced
that the association can give a clear title to
all the property held by It on the lease,
whether the same was ratified by all or
only two-thirds of the stock of the com
pany absorbed. There has been some dif
ference of opinion among lawyers on this
point and It is intimated that Harriman
instigated the Shamrock suit to test the
question, which is one of the greatest
Importance, for many of the combine's
holdings are affected.
The canceling of the orders for drilling
on the Southern Pacific property is said
to indicate that the company feels as
sured of a sufficient supply of fuel from
the Associated, which is now drilling
fifty additional wells on Its properties.
That Harrlman has virtually secured
control of the Associated is generally ac
cepted as a fact. When asked the of
ficials of the Associated try to evade the
question and will not positively affirm nor
deny.
BAKERSFIELD, July 16.— The Southern
Pacific has canceled orders issued for
extensive drilling operations on its prop
erty at Kern River and McKlttrick. The
company was contemplating and had
given orders for .drilling twenty-five wells
at Kern River and ten at McKlttrick,
but all this has been called off and it is
eaid that this action is due to the fact
that the Harrlman syndicate will very
Bhortly take over the control and man
agement of the Associated Oil Company,
of which it controls a large part of the
stock.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
In view of these telegrams the opening
of hostilities, which was improbable yes
terday, appears inevitable now.
It seems to me to ask under the«<e circum
stances that the double traitor Ferrera be In
cluded in the exercise of mercy Is the height
of Iniquity. Shaking to you in sincere lan
guage so that you may realize for all time that
I prefer the triumph of the principles of Justice
at all cost, guarantees cannot be granted to
FYrrera by one who upholds above all else
truth. riKht. Justice and e/julty.
Referring to the last paragraph of your
telegram regarding the fulfillment of your duty,
ir is neither for me ncr for you to Judge who
have done their duty: that remains to pos
terity and history. Ycur countryman,
OIPRIANO CASTRO.
The foregoing suggestion does not in any
way involve a manifestation of weakness either
on the part of the self-denying and heroic army
I have the honor to command or on my part,
for If unfortunately we are net able to arrive
at an honorable settlement my army will know
how to do its duty. With epteem, I remain
NICOLAS ROLANDO.
General Castro replied last night as fol
lows:
If you were really an honorable and patriotic
nan >ou would not have entered Into this revo
lution of a most unjustifiable and criminal na
ture, not only because of Its entire lack of
motive, but because of the connivance H has
had with the enemies of the country or, which
is the same thing, with foreigners.
I desire to avoid shedding blood, which must
prove sterile in view of the exceptional circum
stances in which the revolution is placed. After
having agitated the public for upward of two
years it wem* that you have an opportunity
of terminating the long struggle by the exer
cire of a little i>atrloti?m by guaranteeing the
perynnal liberty of General Ferrera. who, ac
cording to Vice President Gomez, is the only
cbftacle. and authorizing the latter to accept
a formal treaty Instead of unconditional sur
render as he desires, which is also another
otstacle.
"Yes. for every one except the traitor
Ferrera. the author of so many tears and
the cause of making so many orphans."
The final period of delay given by Gen
eral Gomrz for a definite answer to his
request for the surrender of General Ro
lando and his followers expires to-day,
but President Castro, wishing to save the
lives of the inhabitants of Ciudad Bolivar
and to avoid the horror which must fol
low the storming of the city, ordered Gen
eral Gomez not to open fire if he is not
attacked, but to simply besiege the city.
The revolutionists, having no provisions,
canm.t resist more than ten days. The
Venezuelan man of war Bolivar has left
for the Island of Trinidad to brine pro
visions for the Government troops. .
Tile armistice expires at midnight.
The United States gunboat Bancroft and
the French cruiser Jouffrey arrived dur
ing the afternoon.
The Associated Press correspondent has
secured copies of telegrams exchanged
between the rebel leader Rolando and
President Castro, with respect to a con
ditional capitulation of the insurgent
forces. The following Is General Ro
lando's dispatch to Castro:
SOLEDAD, Venezuela, July 16.— The at
tack on Ciudad Bolivar by the Venezue
lan Government troops, which appeared
imminent yesterday morning, has been
deferred at the request of United States
Consul Henderaon > Herr Brokmen, # the
German Consul, and the Bishop who
transmitted to President Castro, through
General Gormz. the commander In chief
cf the Government forces, a long tele
gram asking him to be magnanimous and
to show mercy to all if the revolutionists
surrender. It is known that the Presi
dent answered as follows:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway, July 16.
Hurled from a bridge and beaten by
thug?, who robbed him of his money, was
the experience last night of James Can
non, a Livermore farmer, with a trio of
highwaymen, at the Alameda Creek
bridge between Nllea and Centervllle.
The three desperadoes hammered their
victim on the head and face after throw
ing him Into the bed of the creek, and re
lieved him of $15. Then the brutal foot*
pads fled. Cannon's crle* attracted tha
attention of passing ranchers, who went
to the Injured farmer's assistance. Hear
ing his story, they hastened to Nilea and
notified the authorities. Constable Rod
erick went In pursuit of the thugs and
captured two of them on the Irvtngton
road. They gave their names as John
Stearns and Frank Godress, and were
identified by Cannon as of the gang that
had assaulted him.
Stearns and Godress were arraigned be
fore Justice Powers at Irvington this
morning on a charge of highway robbery
and their preliminary examination was
set for Tuesday.
Cannon told the following story:
I had gone to "Silts for a lay off after work-
Ing at Livermore for some time. Meeting ths
men in a saloon. I bought several drinks with
them and later started out on the road and
they followed me as far as the bridge. Sud
denly I was grabbed and pitched over th»
bridge, landing In a heap In the dry bed of th»
creek.
Then the three jumped on me 'and beat ms
terribly. I yelled. "Take my money, but don't
kill me." Passers-by heard me, and the men.
after taking (15. ran off. I got back to Nlles
and went out with the constable to find my
assailants.
Cannon's face was hacked and he had a
dozen scalp wounds.
Workmen are looking forward to
an era of prosperity heretofore unknown
under the leadership of such enthusiasts
as District Deputy O'Toole of Keystone
Lodge No. 64 and Master Workmen Dr. E.
R. Tait of Oak Leaf Lodge No. 35.
At its last meeting Oak Leaf Lodge
held one of the most impressive installa
tions in the history of the organization in
this city, while It is believed that the most
efficient set of officers the lodge has ever
had were seated and will direct the coun
cils of this branch of Workmen. The of
ficers installed were:
Past master workman. C. H. Miller; master
workman. Dr. K. R. Talt; foreman, W. B.
Greenebaum; overseer, George N. Harris; re
corder, W. J. Hall; financier, W. I. Macdonald;
receiver. Morrie Isaacs: guide, H. D. Overton;
inside watchman, A. Vintner; outside watch
man, W. J. Oakes; organist, W. B. Ingersol.
The question of readjustment, which is
OAKLAND. July 16.— With th- in
stallation of the officers elect for
the ensuing term the local lodges
of the Ancient Order of United
Cancellation of Orders at
Kern River Excites
Interest.
Promises to Show Mercy to
the Revolutionists it*
They Surrender.
LOUISVILLE. Ju'V 16— The Republican
State ConventVin to-day nominated the
following ticket.
For Govern ir— Morris B. Bclknap of
Louisville.
For Licuterar.t Governor— J. B. Wilhoit
of Ashland.
For Treasurer— John A. Black of Bar
boureville.
For Auditor— George W. Welsh of Dan
ville.
For Attorney General— William Beck
rifr of Winchester.
For Secretary of State— J. C. Speight of
SI ay field.
The second day of picturesque political
maneuvering in the convention failed to
culminate in the final grand surprise of a
winning dark horse, whose coming had
been hinted at and whose followers dur
ing yesterday's pessions t=et the political
manapers to guepsing. Colonel Morris B.
Belknap of Louisville, a wholesale mer
chant, widely known throughout the
country, received the nomination for
Governor on the first ballot. His dele
gates, contrary to predictions, stuck to
him. though how much of their tenacity
can be charged to the announcement In
former Governor William O. Bradley that
he was not a candidate can only be con
jectured.
Bclknap was nominated after an en
thusiastic supporter of Bradley had placed
the former Governor in nomination and
the followers uf Augustus K. Wilson had
tacitly withdrawn the man supposed to
Vie Beiknap's nearest competitor by fall
ing to present his name. The threatened
s-iampede to Bradley was quelled by an
emphatic declaration that he would not
be a candidate, but for some unknown
reason the convention officers called his
name during the ballot and he received
Ji greater number of votes thap Clifton J.
Pratt, who had made an acffve canvass.
The resolutions, after congratulating
the people of the United States upon the
"unparalleled prosperity achieved under
rational Republican policies," says:
ROOSEVELT IS INDORSED.
¦*\> Ftand for the continuance of listing Re
publican fir»ar.ci»l ..:.: tariff policies.
We txrress our htchrst appreciation of th«?
record that President Roosev»!t has mad« in
continuing the grrat work bosun by William
McKlsVy and la himself dealing with the new
j>robleiri* that he has had to solve; la his han
dling of the rhllippine question: in his firm
management of the Venezuelan crisis ; in his
wife and ecurajfeous course with reference to
the anthracite coal strike; In his honest ef
forts to e*eur«- justice to Cuba: in his zeal for
the Panama canal; in his vigorous demand for
official purity and honesty and jiuntehment of
the enrruj't ar.d dishonest; in his resolute stand
b£ain«i the elohintc of Chinese port* to our
trade; in the ruccess achieved bv his practi
cal efforts to enforce the law against unlawful
combination ami by the encouragement he ha*
iriv^n to ilw iaying of a cable across the Pa
oiflc, which brine* us into closer touch with
the Philippines than we w*>re with the Louis
iana territory or with California when acquired.
He has ehown himflf a strong executive, as
to is an ideal cit!z»-n. and we heartily and en
thusiastically are for his nomination for the
J 'residency in 1VKM.
We denounce assassination and lawlessness,
whether in t^rvia or In Kentucky, as de
structive of civilization, and call upon the en
lightened intelligence of the State, through its
legislative, executive and judicial agencies, to
employ rem'tiles to re-establith order and pun
ish crime within our borders.
We especially arraign the present State chief
executive for so exercising the pardoning
power as to eubperve j>olitical and partisan
iwiljto— . with the certain effect of encourag
ing crime by virtually rendering criminals of
J'emocraiic political faith immune from pun
ifhir.en'.
BELKNAP IS NOMINATED.
Nominations for Governor were reached
late in the afternoon, when the names of
Clifton B. Pratt and Morris B. Belknap
were offered. Wilson's backers did not
impend when his Congressional district
was called. The surprise came when the
Eleventh District was called and State
Senator Kash arose and sprung the name
of a dark horse— former Governor Wil
liam O. Bradley. The speech was a mas
terpiece of natural oratory of the fervid
Kentucky style, and moved the delegates
to a wild demonstration. Bradley finally
tiuellfd the tumult by shouting: "I have
declared for four months that I would
rot accept this nomination. I am a man
of my word, and while I thank my friends
1 adhere to my original resolution. I will
rot be a candidate for Governor."
A negro delegate provoked wild enthu
siasm by a word in praise of ex-Governor
"W. 6. Taylor.
When the ro'.l call of counties was start
ed the name of W. O. Bradley was re
tained. As the ballot progressed it showed
that Bradley drew the Wilson strength
and part of Pratt's strength, but failed to
materially affect the Belknap vote, and
by the time three-fourths cf the counties
had been called Belknap had received 1147
votes, or twelve more than enough to
nominate. Many counties that had voted
for Bradley and Pratt then began chang
ing their votes to Bclknap. Just before
the roil call was completed Judge Pratt
withdrew his ramp. The nomination of
Eelknap was then made unanimous. After
his speech of acceptance an adjournment
¦was taken, and the rest of the ticket was
completed at the night session.
Kentucky Republicans Con
clude Thiir Labors and
adjourn.
After Beating and Robbing
Rancher Two of Gang
Are Captured.
Southern Pacific Said to
Have Oil Company
Control.
Castro Anxious to Save
the Inhabitants of
Ciudad Bolivar.
Trio of Thugs Brutally
Maltreat a. Farmer
Near Niles.
Receives Gubernatorial
Nomination on First
Ballot.
BELKNAP HEADS
STATE TICKET
RAILWAY'S PLAN
AROUSES RUMOR
DEFERS ATTACK
ON REBEL CITY
THROW VICTIM
FROM A BRIDGE
IMPRESSIVE CEREMONIES ENTHUSE
OAKLAND MEMBERS OF THE A. O. U. W.
Faithful Officers Receive Medals and Drill Teams Win Praise.
Questions of Importance Will Be Decided Soon, and
the Growth of the Order Pleases Its Many Friends
THE SAN FK AN CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 17, 1903.
9
Framed closely with three or
four inch plain Flemish Brown
Oak will make a beautiful pic-
ture for- your study.
Highland Cattle is by that
celebrated Scotch artist, WIL-
LIAM WATSON.
HIGHLAND CATTLE.
NEXT SUNDAY'S
ABT SUPPLEMENT.
* ADVERTISEMENTS.
BRIDGEWORK.
Why wear a cumbersome plat* that covers
the roof ot the mouth when you can have teeth
without? Our professor of bridgreworle person-
ally superintends this work and furnishes »
written guarantee for ten years.
PAINLESS METHODS. CLEANING FREE.
GRADUATES ONLY. EXTRACTION FREE.
Week Days. 9 to 9. Sundays. 9 to 1.
POST-GBADUATE DiIST.Hi COLLEGE
San Francisco.
3 Taylor st.. cor. Golden Gate ave.
073 Washington st.. cor. Tenth. OafcUn4. .
San Jose— 13 East Santa Clara st.FIRST OP THE GRAIN FLEET
TO SAIL. CLEARING FOR
QUEENSTOWN.
Exports for British Columbia.
The steamer Queen vailed on Wednesday for
Victoria with an assorted merchandise cargo
consigned to the port of destination and the
principal British Columbian ports. The cargo
was valued at $14,949 and Included the fol
lowing :
2014 pkgs frenh fruit. C4 pkg« fresh vege
tables. 173 pkgs onions. 12O pkgs potatoes.
33.250 lbs dried fruit. 1500 lbs raisins. 1230 lbs
beans, f»«no lbs meal. 2000 lbs chocolate. 762 lbs
coffee. 250 cs canned goods. 438 lbs cheese; 1006
lbs hops, KM) lbs dried fish. 28 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 525 bxs paste, • 20,060 lbs chop
feed, SO cs whisky, 75 cs champngne. 10 bbls
plaster. 755 lbs leaf tobacco; 80 pkgs arms and
ammunition, & pkgs leather, 178. tine matches.
The whe.Ui* bark Andrew Hicks, according
o & letter received here from hsr BklDnor
L*w William*, who writes from Hak£
-ate, h*» already got 700 barrels cf oil
Seven Hundred Barrels of Oil.
The French bark Marie Molinos wa* cleared
yesterday for Queecstown by O. W. HcNear &
Co. Eh* Is the first of the grain fiett to be
loaded and will sail probably to-day.
First of the Grain Fleet.
The ship Henry B. Hyde was cleared on
Wednesday for New York with 8531 bbls wine,
1780 pigs lead. 430 bbls asphalt, 8 cs drugs, 6
c« paper. 03 bdls wood. 4 lots scrap steel. 3000
bdls rhlneles.- 70 pkgs old machinery, 1 cs
pump, 24V sks benes, and 40 bales rags.
A Shipment for New York.
Hatters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants, v > '
The bark Annie Johnson returns to Hono
lulu with general cargo.
The overdue British ship Samaritan, which
has been on the overdue list for oome time At
10 per cent, arrived yesterday at Yokohama.
She was cut 178 days from Tampa, Fla.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Overdue Ship Arrives.
Th# steamship Rcsecrans of the MaUon
Navigation Company arrived eaielr at St.
Michael with the first cargo she has carried
tince her conversion from the military trans
port service to the merchant marine. She
started home aealn July 5, but returned on
account of havinc broken an air pump. Ac
cording to latest advices from St. Michael
Captain Johnnon expected to sail ag.iin July 7.
Upon her arrival here 6he will tald? a cargo
for Honolulu, and after that, if the weather
conditions permit, will make another voyage
to the north.
Rosecrans at Nome.
The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe
Railway Company filed a suit yesterday
for an injunction restraining A. Ottinger
and other ticket brokers from dealing In
tickets sold by it during the progress of
the convention of the Christian Endeavor
crs at Denver.
Would Enjoin Brokers.
TO ARRIVE^
Steamer. • : From. Due.
Arctic. Humboldt ... 1 July 17
San Pedro... Humboldt July 17
G. Dollar San Pedro : . July 17
Phoenix Mendoclno & Ft. Arena July 1<
Brooklyn Sftn Pedro .. July 17
Rainier.'. Seattle & Whatcom July 17
Point Arena.. Point Arena July 17
Santa Cruz... Newport & Way Port*. July 17
An-ata Coo« Bay & Pt. Orford. July 18
Noyo Humbuldt July 1«
Centralla Humboldt •• July 18
Czarina Coos Bay July IS
Kdlth Seattle - . . - Ju y IS
S Barbara., battle & Olympla July 18-
Santa Monica Grays Harbor July 1J>
laqua.. Humboldt Bay July 18!
Pomona Humboldt .¦.:......... July 10\
Argo Eel River Ports July 19-
North Fork.. Humboldt July ltf
Columflla.... Portland & Astoria July ltf
Herodot Seattle J"»' i"
Alliance Portland & Way Ports July 20
State of Cal.. San Dteco & Way Pt». July 20
Olympic Falrhaven I July -i>
Nevadan Honolulu" k ¦ Kahulul...|July 2u
N Maru China AJapan July 20
Ramona San Pedro & Way Pts. July 21
Lothian HonRk'g via Manzanlllo July 21
Eureka. Humboldt. July 21
Alameda Honolulu IJuly 21
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports.... | July .21
Corona Humboldt ..(July 22
J. Dollar... .. Seattle A- Tacoma" .. ..-| July 2a
Santa Rosa... San Diego &-.Way Pts.|July 23
Newport New York via Panama.|July 'ii
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria (July z\
M. Dollar Everett . .....JJuly %i
Silesia Hamburg '& Way Pts.. (July 24
Rival Wiilapa Harbor .|July 25
Queen Pug«-t Sound Ports. .. .IJuly zti
Curacao....... Mexican Ports IJuly 27
Ventura..^ff. Sydney & Way Ports. [July 27
TO SAIL,.
Steamer, ' . Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
~~ July. 17. [ (
S. Portland. Seattle & Tacoma.. I 6 pm|Pler 16
G. Dollar.". Grays Harbor ... ..|12 m|Pler 2
Enterprise. Hilo . 5 pmlPier 10
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor 1 ,pm Pier 28
G.W.Elder.. Astoria *t i'urtland. 11 am|t'ier z+
Coronado... Grays Harbor"..... -1 pm Pier 10
Corona Humboldt 1 :3u p Pier lit
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
8. Barbara. Los Angeles. Ports. U am Pier 2
Colon N. T. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Redondo.... Leg Angeles Ports. 5 pm Pier 2
S. Monica.. Lo 8 Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
• - .Inly ll». , ¦ ¦ ,
Arctic Humboldt ......... 0 am Pier 10
Phoenix Pt.Arena & Mendcn lpm P"ler 13
S. Rosa.... San Diero & Way. 9 am Pier 10
Centennial.. Seattle &' Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
July 20. .
Czarina .... Coos'' Bay direct . . . . 8 pm Pier 8
Arcata Coos B. & PtOrford 4 pm Pier 13
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena ....... 4 pm Pier a
S. Crus Newport & *Way.. 9 am Pier 1U
City Puebla. Vuget Sound 4 Pts.. 11 am Pier 27
San Pedro.. Humboldt :.. "...... 4 pm Pier 2
July Ul.
Pomona...'. Humboldt ......... l:30pPler 13
Argo. Kel Hiver Ports 4 pm Pier. 2
Alliance. . . . Eureka & Coon Bay 10 am Pier 16
VS July-IM. ¦ : . ¦ ¦
laqua...... Humboldt ...'...... 9 am Pier 2
Centralla... Grays Harbor ..... 4 pm Pier 10
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Rainier..... Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier lu
July 2.1.
State of Cat San Diego &. Way. 8 am Pier 19
Doric China A Japan.... 1 pm Pier *u
North Fork. Humboldt fi pm Pier 2
July 24. '
Herodot..., Hamburg. &. Way.. ...... Pier —
Cocs Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 13
¦ . July. 28. ¦ • • ¦ •< ¦ : .- :-.'-•¦.-•".
Umatilla. . . Puget I Sound Pt«. • 11 am Pier 27
Lothian.... China & Japan.... ...... Pier —
City Sydney N.Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Alameda... Honolulu ;..;'..... . 11 am Pier 7
. . July 2T. , -
J. Dollar..: Seattle & Tacy^pR.. 10 an Pier- 2
The schooner Vega, which reached Et Mich
ael June 26, was leaking and had fifteen Inches
of water In her hold. The Ice left the waters
la the vicinity of Nome on June 26, but June
T, was blown back again.
The whaler Alexander on June 23 had caught
four whales, the bone from which she left at
Ft. Michael to be brought south by the eteam
ehlp Indiana.
There was an Incipient mutiny OB board the
whaler Jeanette Curing her recent visit to St.
Michael, and but for the presence In port of
the revenue cutter Thetis the results might
have been serious. Captain Healy of the The
tis, however, took charge of affairs and In a
brief rpell had matters regulated to the satis
faction of all concerned.
Trouble on Whaler Jeanette.
Commodore Adigard. commanding officer of
the visiting French rniiser Protet. notified the
»ater front boatmen Vffterday that for the
remainder of his vest-el's etay Jn port the
public would not be ailowed on board. When
the Protet arrived here the privilege of ferry
ing visitor* to and from the cruiser xas given
to- one boatman. In return for this exclusive
right the boatman turned over to Commodore
Acilgard a commission on the tolls exacted
jrom passengers, and everything promised well
for the monopoly until the other hoatmen and
French residents and citizens who approached
the cruiser in boats not control!*-! bv the
trust and were turned away showered th-s
French Consul with complaints. The com
modore's commission, it is said, was to be
turned over to the French Benevolent Society
but as never a navy ship of any nationality
; Inaj ever before restricted visitors a.s to how
they came aboard the charitable feature failed
to appease the wrath of the excluded boatmen
atnd those of th« French colony who had b«»n
turced away from the cruiser from their na
tive land. Those complainants that came to
him the commodore referred to lhe French
Consul, who in turn referred to the commodore
all that registered kicks at the consulate. The
outside boatmen waited on the Protefs com
mander yesterday for the purpose of coming
to an understanding which would give all en
*qual chance. Thle visit seems to have been
tbm laat straw. The desire to aid the French
Benevolent Society wag not so powerful a* the
#r*Jlant sailor's love of peace, so to settle all
disputes and avoid the possibility of future
contention the Protet will be closed to the pub
lic while Ehe remains in port.
Protet Will Receive No Visitors.
Herman Bendel and Herman Bendel Jr.,
in a suit filed yesterday against Myra E.
Wright, ask for $1000 damages because the
defendant had them enjoined from vot
ing the stock they hold In the Jersey Isl
and Packing Company. Mrs. Wright got
an injunction against them last October
and then dismissed her suit to have It
made permanent.
Bendels Seek Damages.
riovements of Steamers.
The Time Ball on the Ferry building was
dropped exactly at noon to-day — 1. e.. at noon
of the 120th meridian, or at 8 p. m.. Green
wich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants* Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
July 10, 1903.
Time Ball.
The State Board cf Bank Commission
ers issued a licence yesterday for the es
tablishment of a commercial bank at
Gcyeerville. The new institution is capi
talized at J25.000, which is fully subscribed
and half of which is already paid in. E.
F. Woodward has been elected president,
B. W. Feldmeyer vice president and H.
E. Black secretary and cashier. The bank
will open its doors for business on Aug
ust 1.
Issues License for New Bank.
More about crooked walking delegates in
the Wajia thus week. •
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters, at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE: — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the highest tide is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. JULY 17.
Sun rises 5:00
Sun nets 1:81
Moon rises (third quarter) 11:45 p. m.
O Time |Time Time Time
£ Ft. I Ft. I Ft. Ft.
? H W |L W H W L W
17 |4:40| 3 7|10:10| 1.9| 5:051 5.3|11:53 1.4
18 1 0:13| ' 7|ll:15| 2.2|5:49| 5.5(
L. W "' IH W L W ' H W
19 0:54 1.81 7:42 3.8 12:10 2.5 8:30 5.7
20 1:50 0.2] 8:57 4.1 1:20 2.7 7:33 B.9
21 2:43— 0.4 9:55 4.4 2:20 2.7 8:28 6.0
•£i 3:33 — 0.S 10:40) 4.7 a:15 2.7 9:23 6.2
23 4:20r— 1.1111:311 5.0| 4:0111 2.6jlO:16 6.3
NOTE- -In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand coUmn and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the,
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
dav, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occur*. The heights gtven are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the heights, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the
mean of the lower lowjwaters.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, July 10.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jep«w>n, 55 hours from
Victoria.
Stmr Celia. Devltt, 18 hours from Albion.
Stmr Del Norte. Green, 32 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Corona. Johnson, 19 hours from Eu
i reka.
; Stmr Santa Roca, Alexander. 42 hours from
San Diego, etc.
Stmr Aurelia, Peterson, 10 hours from Port
Rogers.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen. 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, 43 hoars from Coos
Bay.
, Stmr San Pedro, Hansen, 24 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, 22 hours from Monter«jc
Stmr Arctic, Reiner. 22 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Grace Dollar. Olsen. 46 hours from San
Pedro.
Darge Santa Paula. Nielsen, 45 hours from
Sjrn Pedro; up river.
Schr Newark. Reinerteen, 11 hours from
Stewarts Point.
CLEARED.
Thursday, July 16.
Slmr Sonoma, Herrlman, Sydney and Hone
lulu; J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Shea, Astoria; Oregon
Railroad and Nav Co.
Ger «trur Dend>rah, Von Riegen, Hamburg
and way ports, v j a g ea ttie and Vancouver; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Ship St Francis. Murray, Unalaska and
Dutch Harbor; Northern Commercial Co.
Br bark Melanope, Wills. Port Townsend; J
J Moore & Co.
Fr bark Marie Molinos, Gulllon, Queenstown'
G W McNear.
. SAILED.
Thursday, July 16.
Stmr Sonoma, Herrlman, Sydney, via Hono
lulu.
Stmr State of California, Thomai, San Diego.
. Stmr Ilamona, Eagles, San Pedro. %
Stmr Mlneola, Kirkwocd, Tacoma
Ger Btnir Donderah, Von Rlegen. Hamburg,
etc, via Seattle and Vancouver.
Bark St Katherine, Saundern. Hilo.
Schr Pan Buenaventura, Holmberg Coos
Bay.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega.
SPOKEN.
June 15, lat 19 S, Ion 35» W, Br ship Cromp
ton. from London, for Tucoma.
June 21. lat 2 S, Ion 29 W. Br ship Glen
cona, frcm Tyne, for San Diego. ¦
TELEGRAPHIC. /^~*
POINT LOBOS, July 10, 10 p m — Weather
foggy; wind SW. velocity 16 miles per. hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed July 1&— Stmr
Santa Cruz, for San Francisco.
BANDON— Sailed July 1»— Schr Advance, for
San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived July lft—
Tug Collins, hence July 14; Br ship Berangere,
from Antwerp.
TATOOSH — Passed in July 16 — Stmr Jamea
Dollar, hence July 12: stmr Mlnnetonjca, hence
July 12, for Seattle: bktn J M Griffiths, hence
June 2«. for Port Hadlock. r, .
Passed out July 1*— Bark Palmyra, for San
Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed July 16— Schr Wawo
na. »for Wlllapa Harbor; schr Beulah, for
Umpqua.
COOS BAY — Arrived July 16 — Schr Melanc
thon, hence June 30.
COOS BAY — Arrived July 16 — Schr Guide,
hence June 25.
Sailed July 16— Stmr Arcata, for San Fran
cisco. . • . , .
EUREKA — Arrived July 10— Stmr Pomona,
hence July 15; «tmr Lakme, hence July 14;
stmr laqua, hence July 15.
Arrived July lt^-Stmr Francis II Leggett,
hence • June 15. . -
SAN DIEGO — Sailed July 16 — Schr • Dora
IJluhm, for Umpqua. /
MENDOCINO— Sailed ,July ' 16— Stmr Point
Arena, for San Francisco; etmr Phoenix, for
San Francisco. ¦
WEST PORT— Arrived July 16— Stmr Guala
la, hence July 15. •
SEATTLE — Arrived July 16 — Stmr Al-KI,"
from Alaska.
EVERETT— Arrived July 16— Stmr Utna- I
tllla, from Seattle, ' _ (i
Shipping Intelligence.
The bark St. Katherine sailed yesterday for
Hilo with an assorted merchandise cargo,
valued at $2$.CC0, and Including the following:
CM bbls flour. 28S1 cits barley. 1550 bales
hay. 401, 0C0 lbs fertilizer, 20.000 lbs rice, 24.650
lbs ealt. 20.242 lbs middlings, 77,016 lbs bran.
10.423 lbs sugar. 150 crt« potatoes. 1 crate
onions, 3500 lbs codfish, 3450 lbs lard, 103 cs
canned goods. C5 pkgs groceries and provisions,
N40 lbs cheese, 40 bx* paste, 13S8 lbs meals,
1174 lbs butter, 3W0 lbs bread, 05 bbls salmon.
325 lbs dried fruit, 11, 432 lbs beam*. (129 lbs
ham and bacon. 5581 gals wine. 15 bbls beer,
7 cs liquors. 28 gals brandy, 5 pkgs dry goods,
2 cs hats, 2S cs boots and shoes, 100 cs gaso
line, C8 pkgs agricultural implements, 84 bars
Iron, 113 cs soap, 25 tins matches, 1350 lbs
tobacco. 50 cs coal oil, 2 rolls leather, 120 sks
coal, 250 bdls shingles, 11 cs electrical supplies.
A Cargo for Hilo.
5 pkgs dry goods'. 17 bars iron, 8 cyls gas, 5
pkga drugs.
W. Hoffman, a marine engineer, living
at 73 Jackson street, reported at the Har
bor police station about 4 o'clock yester
day morning that he had been knocked
down by two men at Jackson and East
streets and robbed of J4 and a watcti. He
said he saw one of the men run into
George A. Kelly's saloon at 129 E£ast
street and almost immediately run out
ngain. Sergeant Ellis and Policeman
Dower were detailed on the case by Lieu
tenant Duke and about an hour later they
arrested Joseph Walsh on Kearny street.
They took him to Kelly's saloon and
Kelly and his bartender, James McCleary,
at once identified him as the man who
ran into the saloon and ran out again.
Walsh was booked at the City Prison on
a charge of robbery and was instructed
as to his rights by Police Judge Cabaniss
yesterday. The case was continued till
Monday for hearing.
Engineer Loses Watch and Honey.
Sun, Moon and Tic .
Auckland— P. P. Flood. W. Hume. H. J.
Keith S W Marsh. Mrs. S. McDougall, Mrs.
H. J. Ma?lnnity. Maurice G. Nathan, John.
Teddy W Thornton, Mrs. Thornton and child,
Mrs. M. A. I'niaeke, J. W. Williams, Miss
E. B. Williams, Miss D. Atward, G. Britnell.
W Burton, Michael Felly, Miss J. Maginnity,
Mrs. Morris Mclntosh. Miss D«"lia Sarah. MVs
Myra Parrh. A. W. Smith. W. A. Thej'ers,
R*v. M. T. Wlnkler and Mrs. Brlck-iell.
Sydney — Mrs. F. K. Armon. Captain S.
Babcock E. O. Davies, F. J. Donohue, Mrs.
A M. LJurrant. Miss P. F. Faithful. Mrs. W.
C. Fields, Mrs. G. A. Hodson, Harry E. Kel
ley, James Kel>y. Professor A. Kccbele, C.
R. Lidgey, W. Llndpren. Mrs. Landgren.
Dr. J. II. B. Martin. Mrs. Martin. James
McLauffhlln. Mm. McLauchlin. William
MeNeilage.. D. O'Connor. Mrs. O'Connor,
Miss Molly O'Connor, Mrs. E. H. Palmer,
Rev W. B. Palmore, J. F. Pearson. R. W.
Prlngle Mrs. Prlngle. Hon. G. W. tfmlth. Mrs.
Smith. Miss Smith. G. F. Todman, Dr. H. J.
Twiss, A- B. Woolf. F. R. Aehbauh. Mrs. Ash
bauh, G. Brown, Emll Bucher. W. H. Bur
rows,' A. Carlson, S. M. Cobb, Mr*. Cobb and
two children. M. Doremus, Mrs. Dor«-mus, D.
W. Gault. J. E. Gaustine, Profewwir C. F.
Grabn«r. Mrs. Grabner and two children. Miss
Alma Grabner. Edwin Grabner, RuJolf Grab
ner. Clara Grabner. W. V. Hedges. J. Hourl-
Kan. J. M. Humphreys, J. Judge, Mrs. Judge.
J. L. McElhaney, Mrs. McEIhaney. D. D. Mc-
Kay, Rev. H. Mer.sing. Mrs. Menring, G.
Morgan Mrs. Morgan, P. W. Nelils, Mrs.
Nellis Miss Lulu Nellis. Miss Ruth Nellis, W.
R. Nellis. Mrs. Flora Paap and child, R. D.
Quinn, Mrs. Qulnn. William Read. P. T. Skad
shelm, W. Farquhar Smith, William Vlcary,
P. Lu Vronlzen. J. Walldorft, Allen Wilson,
Rev II. H. Wolters and Mrs. Woittrs.
To Join at Honolulu for Auckland— F. W.
Duval and A. E. Mot?8.
To Join at Honolulu for Sydn^y^— Charles
Bates R. Bell. R. Blcknell, Mrs. Blckncll. Miss
C. Canfield, Miss Cole. W. Douglas. Mrs.
Douglas C. Hunt, Miss Marshall. Miss G.
Roscoe. II. Slott. Miss M. Stanton. C. Stine
and Mrs. Stine.
later the big bteamshlp was
moving into the stream, all ready for her
long run to the other end of the earth.
She carried a full complement of pas
sengers and Pacific street wharf was
crowded with their friends, who waved
and wig-wagged good-bys as long as the
liner was In sight.
Among the passengers were many
prominent Honolulu people and a num
ber of colonials of note. Among the pas
sengers for Honolulu was J. A. Wilder,
who came from his home at the French
capital to attend his class dinner at
Harvard and is taking advantage of be
ing on this side of the Atlantic to go half
way across the Pacific for a brief visit
with his relatives in the Hawaiian Isl
ands.
The Sonoma's passengers were:
For Honolulu— Along, W. D. Alexander. R.
H. AnJerson. Mm. Anderson, Mrs. O. J. Bet
tls. W. A. Bowen. W. W. Bruner. C. L. Car
ter, T. W. Carter Jr., W. H. Dodre, Mrs.
I>odR* and two children. Miss A. G. Fennane,
Fred Fle-irchman, H. G. Fleischman, Miss
Carolyn Gay lord. Miss F. Glllett. Mib. K.
Ishida, W F. James. Miss ML D. Jones. F.
J. Kleree Profpfsor Koebele, W. Ltngren. Mrs.
Lingren. P. Schmidt ven Galden, E. R. Spang
ler. Noah H. Swayne. Mrs. Swayne. W. C.
I-ove. Louis Marks. Mrs. Marks, Mrs. C. L..
Maynard, V. P. McGean, Mis* A. M. McGean,
L»r J. T. McGrew, Mrs. McGrew. Dr. N. H.
Morrison, Mrs. Morrison, N. Morrison. Miss
Morrison! Geon?e Meyers. Mre. Meyerj. J. Noar,
Mrs C. H.O" Harriett, Mrs. Edwin Parsons, Mil
lard Patterson. Mrs. Patterson, C. H. Polman.
Mrs. Polman, E. A. Rowland. Mr?. Rowland.
B. Slaughter, J. A. Wilder. Miss L. I. Will
iamson, n. A. Woods. Q. Kelley, I\ M. Lu
cas Mr*. Lucas and child, W. H. McClellan
and M. Phllp.
THE lines that held the Oceanic
Steamship Company's Sonoma
were cast off yesterday promptly
at 2 o'clock and a second or two
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. Sails.
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. July 18
City Topeka.. fekagway & Way Ports. Jmy 16
Farallon Skarway & Way Ports. July 10
Eureka Nome July 20
Spokane Skagway &. Way Ports. July 21
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. July 22
Oregon Nome July 23
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. July 23
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. July 2tt
Al-Ki Skagway & Way Ports. (July 28
Nome City.. Cooks Inlet & Way PtslJuly 29
Ohio Nom« & St. Michael... [Aug. 1
Excelsior Cooka Inlet & Way PtsjAug. 1
Aztec Nome |Aug. 1
PORT MADISON— Ai rived July 1&— Schr
Foretter. hence June 27.
NOME— -Sailed June 26— U S stmr Rose
crons, for St Michael.
In port June 27— Whallnt stmr Jeanette,
whaling «tmr Alexander (4 whales).
Arrived June 2&— Schr Vega, hence May 1;
ochr M W Tuft, from Seattle.
PORT TOAVNSENI>—PaBsed out July 1»—
Schr Golden Shore, ¦ for .
Arrived July 10 — Br ship Chiitonford, from
Yokohama. ' ;
UMPQU A— Arrived July 12— Schr Louise,
from San Pedro. „„ _,
GRATS HARBOP.— Sailed July IB — Stmr
Santa Monica, for San Francisco.
REDONDO — Arrived July 16— Schr Samar,
from San Pedro. ,
ASTORIA— Sailed July 16— Stmr Alliance,
for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SHIELDS— Sailed July 14— Fr bark Nantes,
f0 CO°LON-ArrIved July 14-Stmr Alllanca.
fro sTlled eW Ju?y k 14-Stmr Yucatan, for New
Y DEAL- Parsed July 13— Br chip Netherby.
ISiiS^KS^ stmr isia
de roJff r j»iy i«-bt *«» n»»«
Chow, from Barry, for Seattle. ¦
YOKOHAMA— A rrl ved July l^ Br .^'Pff
marltan, from Tampa. July 15— Br etmr Gae-
IlC flO h NG C KOXG-ial!ed July 1*-Br .tmr Em-
Pr CAnrzir,red fO j r u»y an irs p r an,sh stmr I.la
July'
Andy Mahony, for Astoria.
OCEAN STEAMERS. .
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived July 15— Stmr New
England, for Liverpool, and proceeded.
Sailed July 1»>-Stmr Westernland. for Phila
delphia; atmr Oceanic, for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed July lft-Stmr Com
monwealth, for Boston; «™«L An J £ 1 »» <llc ' for
Portland: atmr Tunlsan, for Montreal.
GLASGOW— Sailed July 15-Sarmatian, for
Sailed July 16-Stmr Menornlr .-e.
July 14— Stmr Kronpnnz
Wllhelm. from New York, via Plymouth and
Ch NAPL^S-Arrived July 15-Stmr Perugia,
from LeKhorn. for New York: stmr Prlnzensln
Irene from New York, and sailed for Qcnoa.
NEW YORK— Sailed July lft— Stmr La
Lorraine, for Havre; stmr Fuerst. Bismarck,
for Hnmbure; stmr Numldlan. for Glasgow;
stmr Bremen, for Bremen, etc.
Christ Lages, another brother-in-law
received a note from Schaefer announc
ing his determination to kill himself.
Schaefer was a cooper €7 years old and
a r.ative of Germany. He leaves a wife
in Sacramento.
lows, reads as follows:
Doctor* toll me I would have to die withla
a month, so 1 Just as well die now.
C. SCHAEFEH.
Landlord take money in my i>ocket for his
{ra» and trouble.
Afflicted with a cancer on the tongue,
snd having been Informed by his physi
cians that he could not live more than a
month, Charles Schaefer tied one end of
a rubber hose to a gas burner and the
other to the head of hi3 bed, turned on
the gas and lay down to die in his room
in the Ahlborn House on Grant avenue
laft Wednesday night.
Schaefcr's dead body was found yes
terday afternoon, and near by were sev
eral notes written by the suicide. One,
to Adam Bergrman. his broihw-in-law in
Sacramento, stated that Schaefer was
about to commit suicide because the
physicians and his disease had doomed
him. A note written by Schaefer to the
peneral relief committee of the Odd Fel-
Charles Schaefer of Sacrs.men.to, Be
cause of Dreed Affliction, Ends
Existence With Gas.
SUFFEBEK FBOM CAXCER
TAKES HIS OWN LIFE
In a pocket of the dead man's coat
was found a card of the Stablemen's
Union of San Francisco, showing that
Nelson had paid dues up to June 1 of this
year.
Nelscn became Insane last night In the
jail, where he had been Riven lodging.
He attempted to hang himself with his
suspenders, but was prevented.
STOCKTON. July 16.— Carl Nelson, a
Swede, who recently came here from San
Francisco, commit ie d suicide to-day in
the Receiving Hospital. Nelson bad been
laced in a straitjacket and his arms were
strapped to his sides. Notwithstanding
this he loosened his hanis, unbuckled
the strap, tied one end about the bed
rail and the other be buckled around his
neck. Then he lay down and strangled
himself to death. The body was found by
a hospital attendant a few minutes after
ward.
Special Pispatch to The Call
The bodies of Dr. Rogers and one of the
women have been recovered. Workmen
are searching for the others.
The fire was first discovered at 2 o'clock.
Thirty minutes later there was nothing
except the foundation standing. The
building was three stories high and con
tained sixty rooms. Loss about $20,000.
DR. A. E. ROGERS, the steward.
The flro started in the laundry, at the
west end of the main building, and
reached the roof of the main structure
before it was discovered. • A light wind
drove the blaze into the halls and rooms
on every floor. • The entire building was
filled with smoke before the inmates,
some thirty in number, were awakened.
A nurse, Payne by name, went into the
hall and heard Dr. Rogers calling for
help. Payne broke the^loor open and led
Rogers part of the way down the hall. He
reached the porch only to find that Rog
ers had not followed.' Later it was found
that Dr. Rogers had stopped to save a
woman patient and was himself burned to
death. All those who were burned were
evidently first suffocated, as none was
heard to scream.
BONNER SPRINGS. Kans., July 16.—
Four persons lost their lives In a fire
early this morning which destroyed Con
ner Springs Sanitarium, at Bonner
Springs, Kan?., seventeen miles west of
Kansas City. The dead:
CAPTAIN J. A. McCLURE, Junction
City, Kans.; a* former attorney for the
Union Pacific Railroad.
MISS JENNIE CAMPBELL., patient,
Iola,- Kans.
MRS. A. A. X COOK, patient, Lawrence.
When Attendant Is Absent
He Contrives to Strangle
Eimselfl
Physician, t Loses His Life
While Trying to Res
cue a Patient.
Stockton Patient Uses
Strait jacket Strap
for Suicida
Pour Persons Are Over
come by Smoke
and Perish.
Oceanic Steamship Company's Big Liner Leaves Wharf
Promptly on Schedule Time and Starts on Her Long
Trip to Other Side of the Earth With Cabins Crowded
ENDS HIS LIFE
IN A HOSPITAL
FIRE DESTROYS
A SANITARIUM
SONOMA CARRIES MANY PASSENGERS
FOR HONOLULU AND THE ANTIPODES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 17, 1903.
10
"Weekly Gall, $1.OO per Year
HIGHLArft) CATTLE.
NEXT SUNDAY'S )f\
ART SUPPLEMENT.
Framed closely with three or
four inch plain Flemish Brown
Oak will make a beautiful pic-
ture for your study.
Highland Cattle is by that
celebrated Scotch artist, WIL-
LIAM WATSON.
BAILWAY TBAVEI*
California
Ltmated...
to CHICAGO
[fli^llilll] or Those Who
SANTA ITB TBAINS.
Leave Market-street . Ferry Depot.
~~ 1 Local I Llrn'd 1 Ux:al I Ov'rl'd
} Dally I Dally I Dally | Do'ly
Lv. San Fran.. 7:30 a 0:30 a' 4:00 pi 8:00 p
Ar. Stockton... 10:40 a 12:01 p .:10 pUW v
"Merced 1:05 p 1:55 p 1.28 a
•• Fresno 2:40 p 8rf» P 315 a
"Hanford .. 4:68 p 4:0. p 7:5o a
"Vlsalla .... 4:55 p 4:48 p 8:00 a
" Bakersfleld 7:15 p 6:00 p 7 35 a
" Kansas City ....... 2:35 a 7:00 a
"Chicago .......... "2:15 p P
a for mon.lng; p for atterpoon.
7 :30 a. m. Dali>" 1* BaV jrsflald Local, stop-
ping at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:55 a. m. dally.
9:30 -a m. Monday and Thurmlay :* thw
CALirOENIA LIMITED, carrytng 1 Pal-
acs Sleoplnff Cam and Dinii% Cars
through to Chicago. Chair car runs to Bakers-
field for accommodation of local first-class pas-
sengers. No second-class tickets are . honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives at
11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
• 9:S0 a. in. Daily, Valley Limited. Composite
Car and Reclining Chair Car between Bakvra-
fleld and San Francisco. Corresponding train
arrives at 11:10 p. m. dally. \
> 4 :00 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives at 11:10 a. m. dally.
. 8 :00 p. m. dally is . the Overland Express
with through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:25 p. m. dally.
Personally conducted parties for Kansas City.
Chicago and East leave San Francisco every
Monday, Thursday and Saturday at 8 p. : m.
, Of flee*— 641 . Market street and In Ferry De-
oot. Ban' Francisco: 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
The North Western* j
Union Pacific Excursions
aJTord unusual opportunities for? an ;
ecoaoailc.il ind satisfactory journey to |
ChicagorEast
Excursions Every Day
Personally conducted parties leave
San Francisco every Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
Leave Los Angeles one day earlier.
Choice of routes.
For full information apply to or address *
R. R. RITCHIE, S. F. BOOTH,
' General Agent. Gent Agent Pass'r Dept.,
Chicago & Ncrth- Western Ry. Union Pacific R. R.
6 1 7 Market St. No. 1 Montgomery St.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN Ml. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO2XPAZTT.
Tibttron F:rry. .c'oct of Market St.
SAW rKANCISCO TO SAZT BArAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 6:00^9:00. ll:0O a. m.:
12:35. 2:30. 3:40. 6:10. 5:50. B:SO and 11:30
p. m.
(Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9::«). 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30. 3:40. 5:10, 6:30 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO 8A27 F3AI7CISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:05. C:&0. 7:35. 7:50. 9:20.
11:15 a. 01.; 12:50. t2:00. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20.
tt:25 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p.m.
SUNDAYS — 6:50. 7:35. 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:13.
3:40. 4:50. 5:00. 5:20. 6:10. 6:25 p. m. tEx-
cept Saturday*.
Leave I* In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco-.] May 3, 1903. |San Francisco.
"Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- | Week
Days. I days. | tlon. | days. | Days.
7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45 :»
7:30 a 8:00 a » 8:40 a 8:40 a
S:00a 0:30a Ignaclo. 10:20a 10:2Oa
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 5:10 p 6-^0 p 7:23 p
7:25 p
7:30 a 7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
S:00a 8:C0a Novato 10:20a 10:20a
2:30 p ll::tOa Petaluma 0:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:23 p 7:Z3 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. •-
7:30a 7:30~ai 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00a Fulton. 7:25p 6:2O p
2:30 p 2:30 p 7:25 p
Windsor.
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsbur*. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle. 7:25 p 7:25 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 ailO:2O a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
7:30 a| 7:30 a! Wllllts. - | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
• S:COa| 8:00 al Camp Vacation. 110:20 a!10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Guernevllle. [ 7:25 p| 6:20 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 6:40 al 8:40 a
5:10 pi 6:10 pi Glen Ellen. I 6:00 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 7:30 al 110:20 a|10:2O a
2:30 pi 2:30 p| Sebagtopol. | 7:25 p| B:'JO p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln. at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurl.i and Mark
West Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs;
at Geyservllle for Skagcs Springs; at Clover-
dale for the Geysers. Boonevllle and Green-
wood; at Hopland for Duncan Springs, High-
land Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs.,
Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes,. Laurel Dell Lake Witter Springs.
Upper Lake, Pomo. Potter Valley. John Day's.
Riverside, Llerly's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrln
Heights. Hullvllle. Orr'a Hot Springs. Half-
way House. Comptch*. Camp Stevens. Hop-
kins. Mendocino City, Fort Brag;:. Weatport.
Usal: at Wllllts for Fort Bragg. Westport.
Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo, Laytonvllle. Cum-
mtngs. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olssn's. Dyer.
Garbervllle. Pepperwcod. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. .
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITIXO: R. X. RYAX.
. Gen. Manager. Gen. Pas. Agt.
HTO SAN RAFAEL
SAN Ql'ENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADZRO, ETC.
vift S&usQlito .Ferry
WEEK DATS «ceepted)-«:43.
t»7-45, 8:45. 9-.4S. 11 a. m- 12.20. "1.45. 3:15.
4-15 t5:i5. »6:15 6:45. 9. 11:45 p. m.
7:45 a. m. train w*«k days does not ma to
AND LEOAL HOLIDAYS-7.
-8 A t'10 11. tli:30 a. m.. tl2:30. fl:^!
«-35 »3:5O. 6, 6. 7:30. 0. 11:45 p m.
"Trains marked (•> run to San Quentln.
Those marked <t> ta Fairfax except 5:15 p. m.
Saturdays. On Saturdays the 3:16 p. m. train
TROM F SANBAFAEL , TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week days— 5:25. t«:25. 7:40. 8:15. :9 : 35
¦UMi. m. 12:30. 2:20. J3:45. 4:60. *:30. V.ii.
7:35 tS:10 O:4o) t 10:5r n
111-45 a. m., 12:50. 2:30. *3:25. 4:40. J5:5o
6-65 7-35 10:20 p. m.
Trains marked U) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Week days— 8:45. 6:40 7:45. 8:25.
9:46. 11:10 a. m.. 12:40. 2:45. B:15. 5:10, 7 : os.
10 S 4 UN P DATS-«:35. 7:55. 10. 11:10 a. m.. 1 2:O 5
1:05. 2:40. 3:45. 4:55, 0:05. 7:10. 10:4fl p. „
1 * THROUGH. TRAINS. P ™*
7:45 a. m., week days— Cazadero and way
stations.
6:1? p. m.. week day* (Saturdays excepted)
—Tomales and way stations.
' kS:15 P- m.. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations.
, Sunday* and Legal Holidays— S a. m. Caza-
dero and way stations.
¦ Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. m.. Point
Reyes and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market st.
FERRY— Foot of Market at.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Xrslnn leave and are due to arrive at
S.AN JfllANCIiiCO. .,
(Mala Una. Toot «f Msrlcet Street > <*
Lt^TK ' — Txo-a. Jpaa M. lttg. — A»*Tri
7.00* BenU-la. Solatia, Kl:ctr» »od 8a«ra-
mento •**—— V55*
7.00a VsenTllle. Winters, Kuaisey. J.Zor
7.30a Mirrtmet, Saa Rumon, vallejo,
Napa. CaUatog*. d»nt» Rosa S"£§*
7.30a >Mle», L«throp. Stockton 7.25»
8. CO* i:avls.V."ootl'.aDd. Kn!»hta L»nd1tie.
MsrvsTUle. OrovlUe. (oonnects
at Msrysvtll* lor Grldley. met* _ „_
sndCWco) .I§§*
ICOa Atlantic Exprrss—Ogden sod tasi. 1025 a
8 00a Port Cotta, Martinez. Antloeh. By*
roo,Tra«y.Sto(rktoo,S«cr«mcata.
Lo« Banos. Mendots, n»of«rt,
Vlmlla. Portorrllle »»4.2a»
B.00* Port Costa, Martlnex, Lathrop, Mo-
desto. Merced. Fresno. Ooshea
Junction. Hanford. Vlsalta.
Bakersflehl SJB»
830 a Shs»ta Kxpresa— DaTls. WlliUini
(for Bartlctt Sprtns*). Willows,
iFretu. Ued Bluff. PorUsnd 7*8»
8J0a Nlles. 8aa Jot, LlTertnoTB. Stock-
ton.loBe.Sacr»mento,Pl«eeTTlU«,
Marysfllle. Cbteo. Bed Bluff 4.25»
8-30a Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
corn. Tnolnrone and Angels ..... f-?2^
8.00a Martinez and Way Stations ,ixlf
1000a Vallejo It2fi»
I1O.OO« Crescent City Express. Kastbotud.
—Port Ceata, Byron. Tracy, La-
throp. Stockton. Merced. Bay-
mood. Fresno, Haaford, Vlsmlla. M
Babertneld. Los A«b«Vm and -' f
Kew Orleans. fWes«booad ap-
rtTea u Pactfte Coait Express.
Tla Coa«t Line) *JZ*JM
tO 00 a The Ovrrland Ltmluwl— Ogdea.
DenTer. Omaha, Chicago. !S2*
12.00m nayward. jjllesaod Way Stations. »-25»
tLOOF Sacramento R1t«t 8teamer»_ tl 14JO»
iZQr Benlcta. •Winters. Saeramaato.
Woodland. Wllllanis. Coln«a,Wll-
lows. Knla-bts LandlBtr. Msrya-
OroTtll« and way stations.. 10 08*
5-JOp Haywart.Nlles and Way Stations.. 1&&*
4.C0P Martlncs.SanUainoa.'ValleJo.Jlap*,
Callntoga. SanU Bos*. ... J{-Zg*
4.00T Marilnez,Tracy.Lathrop.Stockto». 1025*
4.00* Nlles. Llrermore. Stockton. Lodl..
4.50r Hayward. Ntles. IrTlagton, Saa t
Jose. Ltvermore I til. dm
6 OOr Tne Owl Limited— Fresno. Tnlare.
Dakenfleld, Los Angelea; eon-
nects at Banyus for Santa Bar-
bara 9.S&X
BCOr Port Cotta, Tracy. Stockton. Loa
lianoa *$%£*
15-30P Kllea, Fan Jo»« Local 7.2&A
6-DOp Hay ward. Nile* and San Jo§«. 10.15*
6X0r Orleutal Mall— Ogden. Den-rer.
Otnaba. St. Loola. Chicago and
Eart. (Carries Pullman Car pas-
sengers rnly oat of Baa Fran-
cisco. Tourist rar sad coarh
pawecgers take 1X0 r. at. train
«. to Keoo, cootlDnlns tbence ta
their cars • r.M. train eattward.. 4ZS>
ITpstbonnd, Bnnset LlniHrd.—
From Kew Tcrk. Cbfcsgo, New
Orleaos. El Paso. Los Angeles.
Krekno. I'erenda. Raymond (from
ToKemtte). Mnrilnez. ArrlTes.. 8 TS*
7X0f Ean Pablo. Port Costa, Martlnes
and Way Stations. 11.25*
J7CCr Vallejo 7.5ft>
7-COp Port cocta. Brnicia. Sutscn, DbtIs.
Sacramento, Trnckee. Beno.
Stops at all itatlcns east of
Sacramento 7.65*
8-GSp Cregon A California K.\pr«u«s— Sac-
ramento. Mary^rllle. lleddtng.
Portland. Putiet Scond and Baat. 8-55»
tSAOr Bay want, Nlles and San Jose (Son- ««¦
day only) tii.BSa
11.2Ef Pert Ctsta, Tracy. Lathrop. Mo-
desto. Merced. Kaymond (to To-
•cn-.ltr). Fresno 1228V
Tlanford. VIk»H«, BakersfleW 6.2S>
COAST LINE (J«ww waaga).
(Koot of Market 8tre«t.)
"X7ABa S«uta> Croz Excursion (Snaday
only) tS.10»
8.16a Newark. CenlerTtHe. 6na Joae,
Felton. Boulcer Creek. Santa
Crnz and Wny Stations S2Ss*
IS.ISr Kewark. Center-rule. Saa Josa.
Kew Almaden.Los GatocFelton.
Boulder Creek. Santa Crux and
Principal War Stations 10-51*
4-16r Kewark. Sao Jose. Los Gates and
way statlona (on Saturday and
Sunday runs through to Santa
Cruz, connects at Feltoo for
Boalder Creek. Monday only
from Santa CrozT tg.S3<
3 OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY. '
From BAN > 'KAN CISCO, Kovt or Morket St. (SllpS*
— «:13 »:(» 11:00 a.m. 100 300 515 r.m.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — 1S:0O 28:4a>
18:05 K):Q0a.ii. 1200 2 00 400 T.M.
COAST LINE (Rrotd Uugtj.
(Third anrt Townsend Streeta.)
6.10a Ean Joae and Way Stations.... 7-ZOr
17 C0» San Jo«e and Way Stations..... ... 8 303*
/7 00a Kew Al*uaden y4.10F
27.1Sa Monterey and Santa Ctbs Execr
clon (Sunday only) tf xnf
08 CO* Coast Line Limited— Stop* only Saa
Jote.Glln>y.Ilolllster.PaJaro,Ca«>
troTlllc. Salinas. San Ardo,Paa*
Bobles. Santa Margar1ta,8an Lnls
<)blspo.(prlnrlpa)(itat:ona thence)
Canta Barbara, and Loa An-
geles. Connection at Caatror lite
to and from Monterey and Pacific
GroTe and at Pajaro north bound
... „ frcm Cspitoia and 8antaCrnz.... 10.48*
¦•COa Bun Jofe. Tres Plnos. Capltola,
£sniBCr«rPael0cGroTe.8alla«a,
fan Lnls Obltpo and Principal
Intermediate Station* 4.10*
Wertboucd only. Pacific Coast Ex-
t>re»».— From Kew York.Chteago.
Ne^r Orleans. Kl Paao. Loa A»
iriTn» e Ml , M< 8 * nl " Barb * rm - ArrtTea.. 7.Jf>
Jr?S f" J°»e •»<» Way Stations 1.2fly
11 JOa Ean Jote, Los Gatos and Way Sta-
Q HZi i«M o§ " '"^•VsutYoni::::::::: x ?iS
<•».« f« D J°*« «n«l Stations 53 «i
1«X0rD«| Monte Fxprens-Santa^ Oars,
• fan Jt.»r. Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connect! at Santa
Clara for Punta Cru, Boulder
.,.„. _ Creek and KarTowGanrePo1nta)i12.18»
OS -30> Bnr1tnK»m«. San Mateo, Redwood.
•ienlo Park. Palo Alto. May field.
*iountaln View. Lawrence. Saata
Clara, Enn Jos<-. GUroy (conneo-
tji-o fcr llolllMer. Tres Plnos),
Pajaro (connection for Watson-
?IMe. Capttola and Santa Crn».
Pacific Cuve and way statlona.
CAinecta at CaatroTtlle for 8a-
__ »naa 10.43a
JUr* San Jo»eatiJ Way SwtloD 8-36a
•towJp San Jo»e. <¦»!« Santa Clara) Los
Gatoa. Wright and Principal Way
Etatlona 19.00*
•sg-vOr StnJoie anrt PrtncfpalWay Stations t8.00A
OTB.ier 6anMateo.Bereiford,Belmoni,8iiQ
Carloa. Redwood. Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto t8.48*
6-JCr MDjoif ana Way Statlona. 8.38a
«/.tCr Saniet Limited. E»«ti.nund.— ?an
Luis Oblspo. Santa Barbara. Loa
Angeira. l>«-mlnp. El Paso. Kew
Orltana. Kew York. (Wrttboacd
. ,__ m «nlveaTl«5i.nJcaqulnVa:iey)... w82Sa
¦•fCTsioAlto andWsy Su!!on» 10-15a
¦IVaOi lllllbrae.Pslo Alto snd Way Sta-
•11 ZOr IlSllbrseVsVn'jcVe "andw'sy'sUk n4ir
"""« tS.4S> .
A torjuorntog. P for Afternoon. ~ "
* eatnrday and Sunday only.
< Etopa at all ktatlona on Sunday.
1 Sunday excepted. I Sunday only,
t t«tnidA7 only.
•Connects atGoshen Jc with tratas for Haafor*.
Vlsalla. A t Fretno, for Vlaalla via Saoger
'Via Count Line. J Tneiday and Friday. *
"-- Arrive Tla MIm. n Dally except Saturday
v \ la 8sn Josqula Valley. 7 '
\ Stops Ssnta Clara south bound cnly. Conna**-
except Sunday, lor ail polata Karrotr Gaoga.
«l>«e» aot ttoD at Valencia SI.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave lu $«asaiito Ttrrj Arrive '
Saa Fran. >»» * **** «. San Fraa.
Week Sun- ~San- vVeckT
i^n- d *y> /^BtrSi Para.
l:43p 9:OOa ®^55l^w f »2:»O,3:3o»
5:lftrlO:OOA 3:30^15:40^
3atarfay» «ttiy. Maw frTsraT giSOy.arTiytU.^iiVao,
MCUr J **» Masjutt St^ (North Shore RadrosMU"
6THCK I and Sausauto Fkrkt Font Market St.
'-^ • BAILWAY TBAVEL^^J
"They are all
Mind -readers"
"It is doubtful if such kindness .JlSSgit 4&§
">• and courtesy can be met an vwhero t-^ 0^ Tkl?i \r _rt»?l
else as is shown bv the rail- .. ___JSy^^ __Jv-^£V?ES9
are all mind-readers. All you haro l}\ \ V
todo is to look a little aniiom and A *\5_J r\S Tj^^'TvI. l
somebody will iramediately ?ol- -'A 1ui*f**r »»\\v\\ !\ -.^RTSSfflfCL
cnteer the exact information you -'"-•\ >|5y l^gSrST" * ¦fl^¦^^¦'iiflrt
need. You arelooked after like a -"VVV tv^j/R|l^r^l^li BS^i^^~
This letter was writ- *^ AyS^&t^^^Jr
ten by a lady who • made v. jA-CSL^?^
the trip across the continent in — _ ss»_ *
a Rock Island tourist sleeping
car. All that it is necessary to add is that these cars
leave San Francisco $-^t via the El Paso-Rock Island
Route; Wednesdays, Saturdays and
Sundays via the "Scenic" line.
nil i i\lm am ¦illli 1 Folders giving full information can be had at aay
l^g^3W*ryfr**i^^ Southern Pacific ticket ofece, or by addressinz
&^JJb4A3iUp^a F - w - Thompson, G. W. A.,
BL2Br^y~~^2a 623 Market St., San Francisco, CaLLocal securities continued dull In the fore
noon, with a decline In Alaska Packers to
|149 and rather lower quotations for the gas
stocks. For Bank of California *525 was bid.
The oil stocks, were also dull.
In the afternoon there was some activity In
Spring Valley Water, the stock rising from
$S4 23 to $S6. The company has declared a
dividend of 42c. payable on the 20th. The
special meeting of the shareholders on Wednes
day adjourned until July 29 without voting on
the question of transferring the property of
the corporation to the new Spring Valley
Water Company. There was no opposition to
the proposition, but lt was considered neces
sary to secure a fuller representation of the
capital stock.
An assessment of V, of 1 per cent has been
levied on the 1901 Oil Company, to become
delinquent August 15.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
THURSDAY. July 16.— 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
. Did. Ask. Bld.Ask.
4$ qr coup.. — llli; 4s q c (new). 1.15^136 >
i% qr reg ill 11174 3s 1 r coup..lO7Ts —
MISCELLANEOUS^.
Ala A W {is. — — . Do 5s .... —
Bay CPC os. — 103^1 Do con 5s. — 105*i
C C G&E 5s. — 107i; t>k WCogtdSs -r- 10ft
Cal G & E g Oceanic _SC5s 75 Kt
m and ct5s — — Om C'R rts.124 125
Cal-st C 5s.. — — Pac O Imp4s 9<5 — ~
C C Wat 5s. — 105 P E Ry 5S.. — 108
Ed L * P 68.129 — P A C R 6s. — —
F & C1R flsUlSli — P & O R 6s. — —
Geary-st R5s — — Powell-st 6s.llftVi —
H C&S SHs.1024 — 8 E O&R5S. — lWli
C H & S 3s. 95 9* SF & SJV5s. — 121
Hon R T fis. — 1C8 S R of C 6s.llOH1124
L A Elec Rs. — — S P of A 6e
L A Ry 5s.. — 115V4 OBOO) 107H10S
L A L C 6s. — — (1910) 10SVjlC9li
Do gtd 6s. — — S P Of C 6s
Do gtd Rs.lOfl — (1905)Sr A. 1034104
LAP lem 59.103^104% (19C5)Sr B. — 1C3U
Mkt-«t C 6a. — — (1906) — 107U
Do lem 5«.117% — (1012) — 11S4
N R of C 6a. — 109 S P C lcg5s.l20V3 —
Do 5s 118*4121 Do stmpd.108 110^
N P C RR5s. — 108S S P B R 6b. — 140
N C Ry 5s. — 114H S V Wat 6s. — 107%
N C P C 59.. 100 — Do 4s 2dm. — 101
N S R 5s... — 100 Do 4s 3dm. 99*4 10O
O G L H 5s.llO — Stkn G&E 6s — 102
Oak T 6s — 122 U G A E 5s. — 107
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa .IS 60H|Port Costa.. 64 684
Marln Co ... 60% — |Spring Val.. 83*4 86
GAS AND ELXCTRIC. 1
Cent LAP.. 5 5^4 iSac E G A R 39 —
1 Eqult Gas... 41, — S F G A E. — 6S
Mutual E L. 124 13 S F Gas 3 3»,
I Pac G Imp.. 524 55 Stkn G A E.' 5 —
PacLCO — 67 UGAE....34H —
TRUSTEES" CERTIFICATES.
S F G A E. 6t»4 «8 /
INSURANCE.
Flremn's Fd. — — t
BANK STOCKS.
Am Natl Bk.125 — Lon P A A..165 —
Anglo-Cal . . 94 — Mer Trust . .20<> 250
Bank of Cal.S25 — Mer Ex 55 75
C 8 D A T.. 1424160 S F National — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger SAL..— 2275 Sav A L So. 90 100
Hum S & L. — — Sk fa" Hk.iim 500
Mut S Bank. 95 — Union T Co.2150 —
S F Sav U..C0O 750
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..— 205 I Presidio •....—• 45
Geary .: — CO |
POWDER.
Giant 72U 73«/Vlgorit — 5*i
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. 30c — .Kllauea S C. — 7Vj
H C A S... *0h' n 474lMakawell S. 234 23
Honokaa S C 10»4 114 Onomea S C. 21 iS\
Hutch S P C 13Vi 15 |Paauhau S C 144 M
MISCELLi\NEOUS.
Alask Pack.. 148 — Oceanic S Co 7 —
Cal Fruit As. 894 — Pac A F A.. 2*4 3^i
Cal Wine As. — 994 Pac C Borax.ltftt —
Morning Session.
Board— •
S3 Alaska Packers' Ass'n 150 00
10 Alaska Packers' Ass'n 149 5O
6 Alaska Packers' Ass'n 149 OO
200 Central Light &. Power 5 25
40 Honokaa 1O 75
20 Mutual Electric Light WOO
50 S. F. Gas A Electric Co 67 30
133 Trustees' Certlf.. S. F. G. A Elec. C7 00
Afternoon Session.
350 Hana Plantation Co 33
10 8. F. Oas A Electric Co 67 73
15 S. V. Water M 50
10 8. V. Water S4 73
165 S. v. Water 85 00
25 S. V. Water M 25
•55 S. V. Water 85 50
65 8. V. Water 85 75
10 S. V. Water 8« (»O
$2000 S. V. 4 per cent bds (3d mtge)..100 00
Cali font ia Stock and O il Exchange
011 Stock— • Bid. Asked.
Caribou OH Co .... 85
Four Oil 71
Hanford OU 11« 00 119 00
Home Oil ..' ....
Imperial Oil 10 cO
Independence Oil Iti IS
Junction OH '21 S3
Kern Oil .V4 08
Lion Oil OH 07
Montr Crlsto Oil 074 100
i Monarch Oil 52 5«
; Oil City Petroleum 30 31
Peerless Oil -. .... 14 50
Reed Crude Oil 37 40
San Joaquln OU 5 50 ....
Sterling OH 2 90 3 00
Thirty-Three Oil 8 25
Twenty-Eight OH 5 50 ....
Union Oil 6S 00
United Petroleum US 00
West Bhore OH 3 25
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land A Improvement.. 1 24 1 40
Alameda Sugar, 29 00
American Biscuit 05 00 100 00
American District Tel ....
Bay Counties Power - ....
Cal Central Gas A Elec ....
Cal. Cotton Mills 85 00
Cal. Jockey Club 105 OO
Cal. Powder .^..
Cal. Shipping Co 25 u>
Cal. Title Ins. A Trust 00 140 VO
Central Bank of Oakland... 60 00 ....
Chutes Company 9 00
City and County Bank ....
Cypress Lawn Imp. Co 6 124 ••••
Eastern Dynamite ....
Ewa Sugar Plantation ....
Oas Consumers' Association 22 5O
Honolulu Sugar 19 CO
London & S. F. Bank (Ltd.)
Mercantile Trust . ...
Northern Cal. Power 0 75
Nevada National Bank ....
North Shore Railroad 10 CO
Orpheum Company 18 00 ....
Pacific States Tel A Tel 122 50
Parafflne Paint 33 00
Postal Device A Imp •..,.
San Francisco Dry Dock 47 OO
Pausallto Land and Ferry . . 15 00 ....
Sperry Flour Company 32 00
Standard Electric 1M 00
Truckee Electric 15 00 16 Co
Union Sugar ............... 22 SO ....
A furl ui> demand sprang up at one time
for O.naULan Pacific, which neemed to come
principally frcm an uncovered short lnterewt.
*» th<* Fto«-k »a* loaned at a premium at the
time. New York Central and Iowa Central
«C*r»- i.ot'resbly scarce and were lifted 2*4«.l
at the perlo<l cf active demand. Amalgamated
Copper ro?e 1 », rvrr last night after It was an
nounced tha* the urual quart erlj' dividend of
half of 1 per* cent had ben declared. The
flump in thr Ft ..ck carried lt down to 4«Vi.
compared wlrh the previous low record of yes
terrt*> et 4««i. and the last price was only
>i iK-tter. The bi»akin«; In Smelting extended
to 2?*. If thl* movement was a bear raid, as
was expected. It was eminently successful in
depressing the whole market, which had rangM
at one time quite generally from 1 to 2 points
over laft ji&rt. Many active stocks also made
wld» recover!* s.
Att'-r.tian 'hroughcut the etock Biarket world
was still concentrated to-day on «he develop
ment In the motiiy market and the brighter
•entlroert wiiirh was shown throughout the
iatter part of the cession on a shipment of
money to fort-lr^ ports. Thi« caused a vlo
liit Lr»?*k of nearly \ on the pound for de
mand bills on London. That this wn largely
due to celling of long bills was mad* fnani
fest by the large offerings by foreign banking
houfcec In t*ie money market. The placing
abroad of a ltrge portion of the tl 0.000. 000 of
Cnlon Pacific notes would also make a supply
«f exohar.ge. Added to these factor* was a
very active demand for etocke for foreign ac
*">unt. Foreign brokerap? houses estimated
the number cf i'.\at>* bought for foreign >c
•wint to-day at 00,003 to 00,000. Tbe effect
NEW YORK. July 1C— Th» day in the stork
market was feverish and excited and the many
fluctuatlons in Its course kept *entitn*nt con
f=tantly "unsettled and ner\-ous. Yesterday's
late rally was followed up at the opening this
morning, but was promptly taken advantage
of to renew the «ell!n*. Lat*r in the day
a;^"-ulatlve fu-ntiment on the Stork Exchange
Lrtghtened crtusiderably and a general dUpo
p!tlon developtd to buy stocks. During tiie
!a«st hjur a violent liquidation rpranic up In
Amalramated Coppor and American Smelting.
This warned to iirompt a renewal of veiling
throughout tlie list and prices ran off rapl<ll>.
miplng; out practically all the gains. The
market uteadied later in the dsy, but ran off
again, and th«* cionint' was active and easy,
with the aveiagc levrl of prit-ta not materlally
changed from that cf la«t night. A few Ftorks
which developed notable strength during the
<!ay soved *r. an>r*.ciable r»ortlon of gains at
the Uj*t.
Kezi' York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
United Gas and Electric 34 50 ....
western Fish Co ....
OFFICIAL SALES,
llorninz Session.
V)O Sovereign 33
300OOI1 City Petroleum 3D
100 Occidental ..: 19
_-_ „ Afternoon Session.
20O Home % 00
7 Hanford ""lift ro
ICO Kern Oil .............; jS KU
150 Monarch 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 II II 1 1 1 60
Mining Stocks.
¦ SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
•;W Alpha or.; IOO Mexican 1 If)
500 Alta «l|2C0Sava«e IS
?<£ Andes «;<>, ICO Sesr Belcher... On
WJ> Imperial .... 04 2C0 Union 85
80»> Con NY is;
Afternoon Session.
10O Mexican 1 10! 20O Utah 35
2CO Con C & Va.l 40 j 50O Con S Y ... 13
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.'
Following were the fales on the Pacific
Stock Exehange yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Andes 0» SCO Overman .... C'i
200 Challenge Con 50 300 sierra Ne» . . 5*
50«> Chollar 21 2O0 Silver Hill . . 8tf
400 Hale & Norc 52 20O Union Con .. S7
20O Mexican 1 10 1 3oO Yellow Jacket 73
Afternoon Session.
.W> Andes 00 j 2flO Ophir 1 57>-i
2C0 Belcher 43 Sun Potosl 21
»>O Chollar 21 1 200 Sierra Nev .. M
100 Con C & Va.l 40 200 Union Con .. S'J
10<) Mexican 1 10 200 Yellow Jacket 71
lOo Mexican ...1 074
I -
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the *a!e» on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. •
50O Esperanza ... 0»i 2ru> Mont Tonopah »*
6f)0 Esperanza ... 07 WH> Ton N Star. 55
1C»> Mont Tonapah S.S SCO Ton N Star. 51
Afternoon Session.
1OO Colehan 20! 50O MacNamara . 27
2ftO Colehan 1» 2CO Mont Tonopah 8S
SCO Colehan . 18 100 Ton Belmont.2 n.*i
|f»>O Esperanza ... WilOOO Ton N Star. 55
60rt Esperanza ... 07 70O Ton N Star. 64
100 Gipsy Queen.. 271
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. July 19—3:30 p. m.
EM.A'k ¦ Bl! A.«k.
Alpha 05 0« I Julia 02 O»
Alta 01 f^ijustlce 14 15
Andes 09 lllKentuck- 04 0.1
Belcher 42 4.11 Lady Wash.. — SO
, iRest & Belch. 2 00 2 10 Mexican 1 OS 1 Ik
Bullion — 04; Occidental ... 30 32
Caledonia ...1 30 1 .tslOphlr 1 65-1 fO
1 Challenge ... 4-S 60 1 Overman .... 2« 27
Chollar L'O 2llPotosl Z\ 24
Confidence ..1 23 1 4iti Savage IT IS
Con C A Va.l 40 1 45!Sesr Belcher.. OS Oft
, Crown Point.. 21 24 \ Sierra Nev ..57 3^
Exchequer .. — 01 1 Sliver Hill ..SO 9'»
! Gould & Cur. 40 411 Utah 35 3d
Hale A Norcs 45 4«j Union Nl 8"
Imperial C4 <¦"• Yellow Jacket 71 73
* TONOPAH MINES.
Bld.Ask. [ Bi.-i.A3k
Colehan 17 l<<:Reacue 14 15
Esperanza ... 05 07! Ton Belmont.2 OO 2 W>
Eula Con 25 — !T & Cal 33 5»
Gipsy Queen . 2K 27 Ton Fraction. — 1 CX>
Gold M Con.. 10 — iTon A G W. 08 10
Lucky Tom .. H» HJTon of Nev.. — 9 (*>
MacX.1n1.1ra . 20 27 1 Ton N Star. H'5 5^i
Mizpah Ex .. 30 — Ton Midway. 4V) 4S
Montana Ton. SS fWjTnn & Salt L — —
N Y Ton ... — 25 1 Ton Union - . — —
paymaster... lrt 20 t'nlted Ton... 1« —
Pine Grove.. 6O — 'Utopia 80 5B
Weather Report.
'120th Mfridian— Paefflc Time.)
SAN FRANCIS<X\ July 16. 6 p. m.
THE COAST RECORD.
5 £ 3 = = <; & t
STATIONS. S 5 3 HI 3 5 f* ?
? ir - 9- ? g
; c c • ; §
; c 3 ¦ ;
Hkiifir 30.00 74 56 NE Cloudy .00
Canon 25».«* fcO ZA NW Clear .00
Eureka 30.12 M 50 X Cloudy .00
Fresno 2».frS H2 68 NW Clear .lift
Flajrstiflt 29. M 72 f»S NW Cloudy .50
Independence 2U.76 %)¦* €8 SE Clear ."0
Lo* Angeles. .29.S4 80 «2 W Clear .OO
Mt Tarralra:s.30.C2 70 .V) NW Clear .00
North Head 62
Vt <v.:x 29. Kft «« 72 NW Cloudy .00,
Pooatello. UMJS9.eS K2 «6 E Pt.Cldy .OS I
rcrt'.and S0.O4 S4 St NW <"l«"ar .00
rein! Rfye*. ..2".».»S 56 4* NW Foggv .00*
R*i Bluff 2S.K6 »* TA PE Clear .00
. Roi^V.urpr .10. ta M SO N Clear .00.
tarramonti ..2!».Wt Ml 52 P Clear .:K> |
fail Leke 2>».N2 M 62 XE Cloudy .11
San Frari<.!sco.30.04 r*j 62 W Pt.Cldy .00
e. L. OV>po..30.04 70 46 W Clear .00
f«-. Diego 5*.).JMJ 70 «4 W Clear .00
6»sttie ::it.o*i m» 5O W Clear .00
S^oksrw -JH.W6 M 50 NW Clear .OO
Tatoofh 30.12 S«J SO SW Cloudy .00
WaiJi Wj..!!a. .2».s»4 KS M f\V Pt.Cldy .00 j
trtaaemittCB .2l*>6 64 SW Clear .Ou '
Tun-.a 29.74 102 f>0 SW Clear .00 1
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL '
FORECAST.
dfiadjp weather prevails over the Ro<*ky
Mount*:n rrc!"n and cloudy, foggy weather
alccr the Pacific Coart: elsewhere west of the
Ro. ky Mountains it is fair. Phowers are re
ported frr.m Northern Arizona. Utah and South
ern Idaho and thunderstorms :rom Salt Lake
City ar.ii Pocatello.
The : T*M-ure hae ripen along the Pacific Coast
ar.<i fallen over the plateau region.
Tht- temperature has ri*en In the Sacramento
Valley and Northern Washington and fallen
o\«-r Idah". Northern Utah and Eastern Oregon; '
it has fallen along the central coast of Cali
fornia.
Forecaft mp.d* *t San Francisco for thirty
boon crying n-.i<Jnight. July 17:
Northern California — Fair Friday, except
f-lcurty or fogyy al^r.g the coast in the morning;
fr*fh westerly »'lnd.
Southern California — Fair Fridav; light west
wind.
Nevada— Fair Friday.
Sun Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy or fegfry
Friday mornlrsg; fair during the day; fresh
¦rest wind. G. H. WILLSON.
Loral Forecaster, temporarily in charge.
Fruit and Weather Bulletin.
For the twenty-four, hours ending 5 p. m., J
12"th mf-riii'.an ti:r.e. Pan Francisco. July 16:
E 2 3 oo Z <
iisfsf P sin
STATIONS. j3 38 «- % : I e
z c - '. *» '.
5 3 o.s| - '. '.
' f ¦ * ! '.
Cloverdale N 44 .... Clear
Colu«& M za Clear
Eureka !>*; r.O trioudy 8
Fre*no SC Ta r-,ear N W 8
Hanford ...... W> M .... Clear
JI"llister 77 M .... «'!ter
Independence . M *M . i/:,r FE ' ..
Kinr City . . . S2 42 Clear N Lt.
Livcrmore si M .... Clear
I>o« Angrlw . . so V2 Clear W 8
Napa 74 .'.ft Clear S
Newman !»•'. TA Clear
Palermo U3 45 Clear S
Red Bluff 'H M Clear SE Lt.
Riverside >«s M Clear
6acram«-nto ... sn f.2 . Clear P 8
Paa Diego ... 70 <;» clear W «!
Fan FranciBco. M r.2 Pt Cldy W 22
Fan Jose 7»« M . Clear
F. l». ObTspo.. 7't 4<5 Clear W S
F^cta Maria... 72 M Clear W Lt.
Fanta R/*a ..7k 4« Clear
Ftocktrm Ki .'.»> Clear
Willows U3 T.S Clear S Lt.
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
N«p«— P<-«ch<-»= doing well; light crop.
Willow*— Wcath'r i-ondltlon* favorable for
all crops.
Hollister — Hay baler* all bu»y; hay very fine
Quality.
Ltvermort — Grain not the br5t quality.
Palermo — Conditions utm favorable for all
fruit crop*.
ftanta Maria — I'.arlry and oats threshing fif
teen to twenty sacks per acre: wheat lighter.
HanTord — All crops in fine condition; fruit
better than expected.
Riverside — Irrigation water plentiful
Clover<J»le — Oranges looking shy.
Stockton — Apricot season finished In San
Joaquln County.
Newman — No change in condition.
Colusa — Barlf-y and wheat conditions good;
{jeacbe* riper.ln^: p«-ar* doing well.
Santa Roea — Crop conditions unchanged.
CEOP.GE H. WtUJBQX. Section Director.
STOCK MARKET,
r Exchange and Bullion.
'" There were fractional changes in Silver and
Sterling Exchange.
n Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — $4 84V4
¦ Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87 Vj
• Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 SSVi
r New York Exchange, sight — 02Vj
- New York Exchange, telegraphic — 06
9 Silver, per ounce — 63%
• Mexican Dollars, nominal — 41 Vi
i Wheat and Other Grains. ,
WHEAT^Liverpool and Paris futures were,
higher.
Chicago quotations remained about the same.
• Long Wheat came out freely. The Southwest
5 were free sellers. North Dakota fa;mers re
. ported that that State would have about 25,«
000,000 bushels less than last year. Conserva-
P tlve estimates of the crop of Manitoba anil '
5 the Northwest Territories give., under ' the
most favorable circumstances. 50,000,000 bush- \
els. against U5.O0O.0OO last year.
3 This market remained about the same, being j
1 quiet and featureless. The Chicago letter of ]
; Bolton, de Ruyter & Co. said: "Market a:
little unsettled and Irregular. It seems to
1 have no pronounced tendency at moment I and
• price. knocks about largely on pit conditions.
There Is an active general trade, however.
¦ and the prospect of a continued good scalping
- market. There Is no important change in the
present conditions. Cables are dulL The
¦ yields of winter wheat, with exception of the
> extreme Northwest, continue disappointing,
and to a considerable extent are sensationally
so. Weather in the Northwest is on the whole
favorable to crops and the trade Is coming to
the conclusion that the spring wheat crop will
be less than last year. The movement of
1 wheat to primary markets Is very small. In
• dications are that it will continue so. The ex
. port demand is moderate. On the other hand,
domestic millers are urgent buyers of : wheat
' In the Southwest markets, and to some ex
1 tent, in this market. The premiums for de
1 slrable wheat are stiff and well maintained.
• We see nothing in these conditions- to warrant
; expectations of any great profit for short sell
1 ing. We think we would much rather buy
! wheat on the breaks. The world's stocks are
, extremely small and the accumulation l£ likely
; to be very small."
1 New Wheat. $1 37V401 42*4 for ehipplng and
1 $1 4501 50 for milling.
1 CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 4001 42 Vat California
1 White Australian, $1 60@l 52V4: Northern
¦ Club, SI 4001 42 Vi: Northern Blue Stem.
' $1 4S%01 50; Oregon Valley, $1 47V4.
FUTURES.
; Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Clon».
I December, ...$1 39 $139 $1 3S% 1138%
2 p. m. Session. j
1 Open. High. Low. Close.
' December ...$1 3S% $1 39 $1 38% $1 SO
BARLEY — Is easy and quiet, without much
1 variation In quotations.
CASH BARLEY.
I Feed. ne»v. $1 O1V401 03%: new shipping and
• brewing. $1 12V&01 17H; old brewing $1 15®
1 20; Chevalier. $1 1501 30 for fair to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
I Docember ... 031i 93 Vi 93 Vs 93%
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ... 93% 93% 03Vi 93',i
OATS — Dealers continue to- quote .a' quiet
' and featureless market.
New Red *t 15&1 25 per ctl.
Old crop — White $1 17>4@1 25; Black $1 10
01 17V4: R«d. $1 12>i©l 17 Vi for common and
$1 2001 25 for choice; Gray, nominal.- y-
CORN — Is so scarce that quotations are af
mo*t impossible, though some salesXof large
yellow at those below are occasionally made.
California large Yellow. $1 4001 45: small
round do. $1 7O@l 75:- White. $1 40@l 45;
Egyptian. $1 4501 50 for White and $1 40®
1 45 for Brown.
RYE— SI 1001 15 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 7502 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras tl 40®
4 65, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 300
4 40; Oregon and Washington, $3 7O#4 per
bbl for Family and $3 7004 20 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour." S-"3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour. S3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour S7;
Corn Meal. $3 25; extra cream do $4; Oat
Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $404 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 5004 7J> : Cracked Wheat. $.1 60; Fa- I
rina, $4 25; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 60; Rolled
Oats. bbls. $0 7508 00; In sacks. $6 25@8 10;
Pearl Barley. $5 50; Split Peas, boxes, $7;
Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
. - Hay and Feedstuff s.
There was no change In anything yesterday.
Receipts of Hay were moderate.
BRAN— $24025 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27030 per ton.
SHORTS— $24025 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. S22023 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26026 50:
Jobbing S27027 50; Cocoanut Cake. S20®-21:
Corn Meal. $27 6O02S 50; Cracked Corn. S28 50
029 50; Mixed Feed, $22©23; Horse Beans.
$30 per ton.
NEW HAY— Wheat. $10@12 50; Wheat and
Oat, $9 60011; Oat. $8 50011 50; Barley. $8 50
010 50; Clover, $9010; Stock. $7 5008 50; Al
falfa $8010 per ton.
STRAW— 35060c per bale.
N Beans and Seeds:
Beans remain precisely- the same, being
quiet. Mustard Seed is cleaned out of the mar-
I ket and not quotable at the moment. [ 7
BEANS— Bayos. $3 0003 70; Pea, $3 25©
3 50; Butters, $3 25; small White. $3 1503 30;
large White. $2 9003 15: Pink, $2 85©3 10:
Red $2 9003; Lima. $3 4503 CO; Red Kidney*,
nominal: Blackeyc, $2 6003 per ctl: Horse
Beans, <1 i'0@l 35.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
I Mustard, nominal: Flax, $1 9002; Canary. 5Vic
for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, l%fi2Vjc;
Timothy, «<8<n4c; Hemp, 3V403Vic per lb; Mil
let. 303 V4c Broom Corn Seed. $18^20 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Nominal— none. here.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of new Potatoes were heavy and
except for fancy stock the market had an
J easy tone. Prices had a wider range owing
I to the abundance of cheap shipping' stock, for
i which there was little or no demand. O!d
1 Burbanks were dull and unchanged. On'.ona
; were quiet, but firmly held at previous price*.
J Trading In vegetables was fairly, active and
j desirable stock moved off well at good price*.
I Bell Peppers and Tomatoes In large boxes were
I In limited supply and sold readily at firmer
prices. Choice offerings of Green Cor* met
'with quick sale, but poor and wormy stock,
j which was offering freely, was. hard to dls
i pose of. Good String and Wax Beans irtt
, with prompt r_<}le at 4c per lb, but the general
I run of offerings dragged at 2@3c. Okra was
j In free supply and sold by the box at easltr
I rates. The other vegetables were in good de-
I nianil at unchanged prices.
POTATOES— New White. 6Oc0$l 10 per ctl
in sacks and »0c(B$l 60 In boxes; Early Hose,
75c©Sl; Garnet Chiles, $101 15; old Burbanks
I from Oregon, $1 35@1 .50 per ctl.
ONIONS— 00070c per ctl.
J VEGETABLES— Green Corn. $101 25 per
sack; cratea from Alameda, $1 2501 76; from
Berkeley, $101 15; Asparagus. $2 25©2 50 per
box for extra fancy. $1 7502 for No. 1 and $1®
1 60 for No. 2; Green Peas, 3@4e per lb; String
Beans. .2Q4c per lb: Wax. 204c; Tomatoes
«0®85c for small boxes and $1 7502 for large
boxes from the river; Summer Squash. S101 25
per box: Cabbage. 75c©$l per ctl; Carrots, 75c
0$t per sack: Cucumbers. 30040c per box for
Marysville and 75c0$l 25 for bay; Garlic. 2V4®
SVSc per.lb; Dried Peppers, 5c per lb; Green
Peppers, 75c@$l per box for Chile and $1 25©
1 50 for Bell f Green Okra, $101 25 per box-
Egg Plant, $1 2501 50 per box. •
Poultry and Game.
Receipts if domestic Poultry, while lens lib
eral than on the preceding day, were more than
sufficient for requirements and the market still
had an easy tone. Hen* were the weakest de
scription and dragged at lower prices. I Fryers
: were lower owing to the Increased receipts and
low prices of young Roosters. Old and young
Pigeons were quoted weak and old Ducks', sold '
slowly at lower- figures. .Small consignment*
of Game were received and sold promptly- at
good prices.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, nominal; Geere,
per pair, $1©1 50; Goellngs, $101 60; Ducks
13a 3 60 per dozen for old and $3 5021 60 for I
was perceptible In the money market, even for
«ix months loans, which have been rigidly held
at 6 per cent In view of the payment of that
r»te by try large railroad corporations. Com
missions n|ve been exacted In many cases in
. addition to »he 6 per cent rate, but exactions
by leader* were appreciably relaxed to-day. In
addition to this influence many of yesterday's
I disquieting rumors were found to be unfounded
J and a general fe%llng prevailed that the Clear-
I lng-hou«c authorities had made an exhaustive.
• canvars of the situation overnight and con
• sldered It sound.
• From the technical standpoint, yesterday's
j violent declines and the large volume of trans
actions were normal to a culmination of a
downward movement and aroused the hopes of
. professional traders of a turn In the market/
> The selling on the opening advances shook
> this conviction and the slump In Amalgamated
) and Smelting at the last again unsettled the
t speculative mind. The preeence in the Wall
> Mreet dlMrict of the Secretary of the Treasury
) gave rise to rumors of contemplated measures
> of relief for the money market by the Gov
) eminent and this had its part In the lifting
prices of stocks. Opinion over the future of
> j the market and the end of the day was com
| j pl»tely in doubt again.
J Some rallies in the bond market in sympathy
' I with stuck* made that market somewhat It"- 1
' j regular. Total sales, par value, $2,920,000.
: { United States bonds were all unchanged on
' the last call.
I NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
I Stock*— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchlson 49.900 C5 63% 64 Vi
Atchlson pfd 5,200 88H 87 87\
Balto & Ohio 32,100 83V» S2Vi 82V»
> Balto & Ohio pfd.. 200 93^ »2 91 Vi
M Canadian Pacific .. 51,400 124»4 110«i 122V*
Central of N J * 158
' j Cbeta & Ohio 3,600 35 33% 34%
Chicago & Alton.. 2,500 25 24% 24V,
1 I Chi 4 Alt pfd 61.O m% 66', 66Vi
Chi & Gt West 3,«5<K) 17H 16% 16%
, Chi & G W B pfd. 100 34% 34«i 34 '4'
. Chicago & N \V... 1,700 165 1«3V» I 64
. Chi Term & Tran. 400 124 12 12
Chi T & T pfd 300 Zl% 21% 21»i
C. C. C & St L.... 1.000 SO 75i! 7S
. Colorado Southern. l.W"0 15U 14U 14Vi
«'ol South 1st pfd.. 500 53' ' 524 52 Vi
: Col South 2<1 pfd.. -700 23% 23' 23
Dels & Hudson 1.4O0 167Vi 1«» 1«6 1
> Del. Lack & West. 2tiO 244 243 244
1 Den & Rio Grande. .V>0 25 24% 25
; Den & U G pfd.... 300 79% 7«% 79%
¦ gfj* 1 ; 31.P0O :«% 30% 30%
Krte 1st pfd ft.SOO 65% 64% 65 |
• Crle 2d pfd 4,400 64Vi Ml, 53'v I
Great North pfd... 100 170 170 170
t Hocking Valley 600 77% 77 77
; Hocking Val pfd.. 4(X) 86% 86 S5
Illinois Central ... 9.0«) 129V 4 126V4 127%'
t ! Iowa Central 400 24 Vi ">3 ?i
Iowa Central pfd. " 2<>O 41% 41 40
Kan City South... 200 22% T'K 2"»-'
K C riouth pfd 1.100 43 41 41S?
1 Jf ul u * Na , 8h 3i<< ° lm H J05H loov*
Manhattan L 4.4W 132% 131 131%
SlnnWt L V " 30 ° 119 * S? i m
|f K^^as: ftS S8 £8 &>
EfttVKi;: ™ «« m B
v v 1 ?-"'. M . Pfd • 10 ° »"" 38
v~. * «" tral S ' 100 11<5T « I" 1 * H5'i
NoTf WeVt l pfd.- 4 - 20 ° gS «5 SS
Ontario & Western. 7.300 23% 22% 23>5
BSSTft-E::^fB «sl
ligilllifl
il Fau 1 , pYd.:;;.:- 47WM) lii * 140^ ji?S
Southern Pacific. 11.200 4fl*i iAli A r
Southern Ry 2 .S00 22% -^v *
Southern Ry pfd.. ' w> ,, %% ¦* *£>* 22;;
HP^ ! I i 1 1
sasiSSS s $ I
Wisconsin Ontrai! »« Jfaj 12 »
Cent pfd * IN \ H
Express Companies— "^
Adams
American " **}
United States .'.'.'. ';''"' \'°,
Wen, Fargo .., ]°;'
Mlsce]ianeoui> — A '°
Jmer V^se^OiV. X I
Amer Loco 2.100 2fU4 l»v ]» v
Amer Loco pfd... 600 8* i" * «? %
Amer Smelt & R. O.BOO 4Z 41 aixi
Amer S & R pfd. goo 91 ft} V, %
Am* r Sugar Ref .. 4.200 117 1151; 116U
Anaconda Mln Co.. . * 'ix^
Brooklyn Rap Tran 12,100 f,i" ho'u, V)u
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 4.W>» 60 m '«»
Columbus & H C. 4«iO 16U 15*: Vsv
Consolidated Gas .. 1.700 IK7 1MU li.%
General Electric .. 3.100 i« 7 \n* j^j'
International Paper 500 14V4 14 1*
Inter Paper pfd r l
Inter Pump ,i
Inter Pump pfd... 100 7314 7«ii Jk
National Biscuit .. 100 37% Ath
National Lead .... 100. if? ' i 6^* , A '
North American .. 200 S4*£ 84 fM
Pacific Mail 20O 25 o^ S5
People's Gas 1.S0O, 0**6 n. r » 5\i-
Pre»»e<l Steel Car.. !>0O 4S>4 47 47 *
Pressed Steel C pfd 600 S4»4 84 R4 '
Pullman PaJ Car 100
Republic Steel ... poo 13% y\»< ,i
Republic fiteel prd. Sf)O 71V, 70% 70 U,
Rubber Goods «io 20% 20i? 20<?
Rubber Goods pfd. 20f» 75Vi 7', 7414
Tenn Coal & Iron.. S.WiO 4.1 4Rs; 47 u
D S Leathe- 1.5«0 8i; 8 si?
V S Leather pfd .. 1.000 *O^ -,yU. rarj
V R Rubber 600 I2V4 12 12
I' fi Rubber pfd... 20O 4«it 4SU 1%
V S Steel 53.200 26% 25^4 "%t/
1" S Steel pfd .... 1S.J00 7714 7.%s .7R
Wcjtern Union ... 1.000 8"V4 82 82%
Total share* Fold. 819.800
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO
NEW YORK. July 16.— United Railroads of
b«n_Franclsco bond transactions: 3000 at
" ' ' NEW YORK CLOSING BONDS.
U f? ref 2» retr...lOC% L 8c Nash unl 4s 99
Do coup 106% Mex Cen 4s .. 74
Do 3s re« 107% Do 1st Inc 20
Do ;{!¦ coup 10V,i Minn & St L 4s . 99U
Do new 4s, rrg.l34'i Mo. K t T 4s .. 051?
I >o new 4s coup. 135 Vi Do 2ds 7»u
Do old 4s r-K.,111 NY Cen gen 3Hs. m
Do old 4s coup.lll NJ Cen gen 5s..l2K
Do 9s reg 101% No Pacific 4s ..100%
Do &• coup- ittJ I Do 3s 71 2
Atrhlson Ken 4s. l*» s ,i Nor St XV con 4s 97U
I>o adj 4s 88 Reading gen 4s .. 94fe
Bait & Ohio 4s.. H>0 StL & I M con 6s 111
Do 3Vss »1% St L & S F 4s . ." 96Vi
Do conv 4s 100 St L S W lets JM)
Canada So 2ds....lO0 Do 2ds 74
Cen of Ga 5s ...102% San A & A P 4s. 78 W
Do 1st Inc 7iy*|8o Pacific 4s.... wij
Cries & Ohio 4«4s.im So Railway 6s .112U,
Chi A Alt 3«4s ..74 I Tex & Pac lsts.lia
r. B & Q new 4s. 00% I T. StL & West 4s. 76
C M*«UP gen 4s.lO8 Union Pac 4s loo
Chi & NW con 7s.l30«i Do conv 4s .... MVi
C. R I & P 4s.. ..100 U fi Steel 97 *
C CCAStL gen 4s. 96 Wabash lsts 114%
Chicago Ter 4s .. 7S I Do 2ds 1O«
Colo & 80 4s 87 Do deb B , A3
Denver & R G 4s. 98 W Shore. 4s 107
Erie prior lien 4s. 9*1 Wh A. L E 4s ..90
Do gen 4s 82 ffli Cen 4s 86
FW & Den C lst.104 Pennsylvania 04 V4
Hocking V 4iJ«— 10*% Colo Fuel §2
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con OS Little Chief Ori
.Mice IS.Dntarlo 6 ."W
I'.reecc JlOphlr '....1 45
BruJfswIck Con 04 Phoenix OS
Comatock Tnnnel..07Vi|Potosl '."2.1
•"on Cal & Va 1 20 ravage 15
Horn Silver 1 00 . Sierra Nevada*.... 53
Iron Silver 1 •*.V.«niall Hopes 23
Lcadvllle Con 02jt«tandard 2 JJ
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for money.. 02 Vi N Y Central. .'....118 Vi
Con* for account.. 92% Norfolk A Westn. r>4«4
An&coryia iH Nor & West pfd. yo
¦Sc; Cotton Fruit Bags. 614 c. dtto and 7V4c {or
the three gradea.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton: New Welling
ton. »8; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant, $6 60: Ro»lyn.
$7; Coos Bay. $5 60; Greta. $7; WalUend,
$7 50; Richmond, $7 60: Cumberland. $13 In
bulk and $14 25 In sacks-; Welsh Anthracite
Egg. $13; .Welsh Lump. $11 CO; Cannel. $6 60
per ton; Coke. $11 50013 per ton In bulk and
$15 In tacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
?8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 60 per ton. according
to brand.
OIL — Llr.seed. 48e for boiled and 46c for raw
In barrels; cases. 5c more: Castor Oil. In cases.
No. 1 70c; Bakers' AA. $1 1001 12; Lucol. 44c for
boiled and 42c .for raw In barrels; Lard Oil, ex
tra, winter strained, barrels, 90c; cases. 95c;
China Nut. 5740tS2c per gallon: pure Neats
foot. In barrels. i5c; cases, 80c: Sperm pure.
70c; Whale Oil. natural white. 50055c per gal
lon; Fish Oil. in barrels. 45c; cases, 50c; Cocoa,
nut Oil, In barrels, 5Sc for Ceylon and 55c for
Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OH In bulk.
I4c; Pearl Oil In cases, 20Uc; Astral 20W;
Star. 2OV4c: Extra Star. 24VSc: Elaine. 26Uc:
Eocene. 23V4c; deodorized Stove .Gasoline.' In
bulk. 17c; In cases. 23V&c: Benzine, in bulk.
13c: In wiies. lflVic; 86-degree Gasoline. In
tulK. 21c; In cases. 2?Hc.
TURPENTINE— 70c per gallon In cases and
64c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITS LEAD — Red Lead 6®
«Vie per lb; White Lead. ti06Vic. according to
quantity. /
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.65c;
Powdered. 6.30e: Candy Granulated, 5.50c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.40c: Dry Granulated, coarse
5.40c: Fruit Granulated 5.40c: Beet Granulated
(ICO-lb bags only). 5 30c: Confectioners' A.
6.40c: Magnolia A, 8c; Extra C. 4.00c; Golden
C. 4.80c: "D." 4.70c; barrels, 10c more; half
i barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more: 50-lb bags.
10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half-barrels.
6.90c; boxes, 6.15c per lb. No orders taken for
; lees than 78 barrels or Its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. JULY 16.
Flour, qr sks .. 10.400 Htraw tons M
Wheat, ctls 3.743 1 Hops bales ... 1O)
Barley, ctls 11.670!£Voot bales .... 61
Oats, ctls l.«10: Shorts sks ... 65
Corn, ctls 140 Hides.' No. 1.1 OS I
Beans, sks ... 435 1 Pelt*. No 780
Rye. ctls 210, Leather rolls .. 3!>
Potatoes, sks .. «,t!f>nj Tallow ctls ... 24»
Onions, sks ... 1.410 Quicksilver, flks 4.1
Bran, sks 420 Wine gals 65.R0O
Middlings, sks.. 1,626 Lime." bbls .... 1.00S
Hay. tons 4-« (Paper, reams... 14
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks .. 7.880 Shorts, sks ... 3.575
Potaoes. sks . . 362 Feed sks 70>
Middlings, eks .667
e young; Hens, $405: young Roosters. $6«*;
old Roosters, $405; Fryers. $3 5004 50; Broil
ers. $303 50 for large and $202 50 for snia'.l:
Pigeons, $1. 50 per dozen for old and $1 50 for
squabs. c ., -
GAME— Rabbits. $1 25©1 00 per | dozen,
¦ Haie, $101 25;_Wlld Doves, $101 25 per^doren.
'Butter, Cheese and Eggs. "'
Dealers again . reported trade In Butter,
' Cheese and Eggs very dull" yesterday, with
more or less easiness In quotations,' though sev
eral houses were disposed to quote a steadier
tone to Eggs. The advance in Cheese has shut
oft the outside orders, as expected. All quo
tations remained as before.
Receipts were 41,900 lbs Butter. 1142 cases
• Eggs and 10,200 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— creamery. 24V>>«?2flc: dairy. 22Vi@
24c; store Butter. 17@20c; Eastern, nominal. •
- CHEESE— New, 12@13c; Young America, •
13@13 Vic; Eastern. 15Vi@16c; Western. 12ViO
13c per pound. ?
EGGS — Ranch. 23225c for white and 21®
22V.C for mixed colors; store, 16020c; Eastern.
17019c per dozen. •< . • . ' , . r
5 . . j
i Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
i Receipts of fruit from the river continued
light and basket lots Cleaned up quickly ' at
good prices. Offerings from other sections
were liberal, and. as there was practically
nothing doing in the shipping line, prices of
, small boxes and crates had but little change.
The canners were liberal purchasers of Apri
cots In bulk and the top quotation was readily
obtained for choice yellow, and sales to the
regular trade at $40 per ton were reported. |
I Common white from Stockton sold at the mini
mum quotation. Early yellow Peaches of the
St.. John and Crawford variety were offering
! freely and met with prompt sale at good figures.
Hale's -Early were dull at lower figures. The
, best Bartlett Pears were easier under increased
' lecelpts and the lower grades, ' particularly
windfalls, were dragging at reduced prices.
' Gravensteln Apples in 4-tler boxes were steady
at $1 35(51 50 and the 5-tier at $101 25. Lower
grades of Apples arrived freely and sold at a
wide range as to slz« and quality. White Nec
tarines from Vacaville were offering at 76c in
, boxes and $1 In crates, but no sales were re
¦ portfd. Two crates o? Sweetwater Grapes
came in from Madison, Solano County, andj
sold at $1 25 each. ' Grapes from Yuma and
. Coachella were generally dull. A few strag-.
gllng lots of Cherries were received, and sold
quickly at steady prices. Watermelons and
Cantaloupes were In free supply and the latter
i were quoted lower. Five fresh cars of Water
t melons were marketed, three from Coachella
and two from Fresno.' Attractive lots of Ber
rfes and Currants sold well to the regular trade
at steady prices. Surplus stock of most de
- scriptions went to. th» K canners and peddlers at
the minimum Quotations.
Citrus and Tropical fruits -were In fair rer
j quest and prices had no quotable change.
STRAWBERRIES— $407 per chest for Longi
worths and $2<aX for the larger. varieties. .
RASPBERRIES— $4fi6 per chest.
LOGANBERRIES— $203 per Chest.
BLACKBEKKIKtS — $2 50<i!H per chest.
CURRANTS— $2 50<S3 50 per chest.
APPLES— 4Oc0$l 50 per box: Crabapples, 40
050c for small boxes and K0@85c for large.
PEARS — Bartletts, 9Oc0$l per box- for choice
and 40&75c for common; Dearborn .Seedlings,
SOtifiOc per box and 40050c per basket.
FIGS— Single-layer. 25040c p>r drawer:
double-layer. 50feK">c per drawer; large boxe*
from the river 75c0$l.
PLUMS— 25040c per box. 40365c per crate
and 20035c per basket.
PRUNES — Tragedy, 5O@COc per crate and
25050c per basket: Slmont 60ff75c per crate.
CHERRIES— Royal Anne. 65075c per box
and 7c per 1» In bulk; Black, 75085c per box.
APRICOTS — »0@75c per box or crate; In
bulk $200.15 per ton.
PEACHES — 65075c per box for choice yellow
and 35<£?50c for common; baskets from the
river, 35070c. .- » .
MELONS — Cantaloupes from Coachella. $1 75
«3'2 25 per crate: from Bakersfleld, $1 7562 50:
from Winters, $3®;1 50; Nutmeg Melons from
the river, $2 per box; Watermelons, $S5J25
per 100.
GRAPES— 750S5c for Seedless and 85C01 25
for Black MalvOlse. * • - -
CITRUS FRUITS — Quotations for Oranges
and Lemons are ter sound repacked stock only.
Navel Oranges. $1 0002 50 per box; Seedlings,
$101 25; Valenclas, $1 75f<3; St. Michaels,
$1 5002 75. Lemons. 75c@$l for standard,
$1 25@1 75 for choice and $2©2 75 for fancy;
Grape Fruit. $101 25; Mexican Limes. $4 50
©5; Bananas. $1 50#2 50 per bunch for Cen
tral American and 75c@$l 50 for Hawaiian;
Pineapples. $2@3 per dozen.
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
- FRUITS — New Apricots, 70Sc: oM Apricots,
6Vi©7V4c for Royal and 709c for ordinary
Moorparks: Evaporated Apples, 4«5fic;. sun
dried, 3®4c: Peaches. 405V»c; Pears, 484Vic
for quarters and 506Vic for halves; Nectarines,
405c for white; Plums. 4@6c for oitted and
lfflVic for unpltted; Figs, 3V50«c for black
and 405c for white.
PRUNES— 1902 crop. 2%02 : 54c for the four
sizes, with %fllc premium for the large sizes.
RAISINS— liMKJ crop are quoted »» follows:
2-crown loose Muscatels. 50-lb boxes. 6V4eperi
lb: 3-crown. 5%c; 4-crown. 6c; Seedless, loose 1
Muscatels. 5c: Seedless Sultanas,. 5c; Seedless
Thompsons. 5 Vic; 2-crown London Layers. 20
lb boxes. $1 40 per box; 3-crown, $1 50; 4
crown fancy clusters. 20-lb boxes, $2; 2-crown
Dehesas. 20-lb boxes. $2 50; 6-crown Imperials,
20-lb boxes, $3; Seeded, f. a b. Fresno, fancy,
1-lb cartons, 7*/ic; choice, 7V4c.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 12ViH13c;
No 2 lOVieUVic; No. 1 hardshell. HVi012c;
No 2 lo@10Vic; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
10'ifcllc for 1 X L. 10@10Vic for Ne Plus Ul
tra and 838 Vjc for Languedoc: Peanuts, 507c
tor Eastern; i'ecans, 11&13C; Cocoa-iuts, $4 50
©5. 1
HONEY — Comb new, nominal; new water I
white extracted. 5«4©6c; light amber extract- j
ed 6<S5Vic; dark, nominal.
liEtSWAX— 27029c per Ib.
• Provisions.
Chicago was much lower on the day. This
market continued dull and without feature. The
Chicago letter of Bolton, De Ruyter & Co. said:
"The wild advance in Lard at the close was
I an accident. It came through the execution
of large stop orders, which only became oper
ative within the last five minutes of the ses
sion and when it was too late for 'would-be
sellers' to get their orders Into the pit* Gen
erally speaking, there ls.no Improvement In
the legitimate situation in provisions. Receipts
of Hogs are liberal, demand poor. Think they
should be sold-on the rallies."
CUHEU MEATS — Bacon, 12VaC per lb for
heavy. 13c for light medium. 15c for light. 15i4c
for extra light. 17 Vic for sugar-cured and luc
for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured
Hams, 15VJc; California Hams, U^nibc; Mess
Beef. $11 50012 per bbl; extra Mess, $121)31
12 50; Family. $13 50; prime Mess Pork, »lt»,
extra clear, *_*6; Mess, $20: Dry Salted Pork,
12>,ic; Flu Pork, $^'8; Pigs' Feet. $5 23; Smoked
Ueef, 15c per lb. x --
LAMJ— Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb tor
compound and I'^i^lO'^c for pure; half bar
rels, pure. 10@10V^c; 10-lb tins. lOVigllc; 5-lb
tlns.lO%©llViic; 3-lb tins, 10>i@llV4c. .
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 9%c; three
half barrels, 0%c; one tierce, 0*ic; two tierces,
DVjc; five tierces, 9?»c per lb.
Hides, TalloWj Wool and Hops.
Hops continue weak. Holdings in the three
Pacific States are said to b» about 19,000
bales. Including dealers' and growers' hands.
The New York crop Is not expected to turn out
more than (,0.000 bales. The Portland Orego
nlan estimates the Oregon crop a tabout 65.000
bales and reports that market weak and de
clining, with no contracts for 1903 crop now
being drawn over 15c. Vermin is reported in
several localities, especlally'ln Sonoma County.
HIDES AND SKL\'£3— culls and brands net.
about lVjc under, quotations. Heavy salted
Steere, lOVic: medium. 9V4c; light, &V4c; Cow
Hides, SVic for heavy and 8V»c for light"; Stags,
'7c; Salted KId. 0c: Salted Veal. 10c; Salted
Calf. lOVic: dry Hldea. lttVic: dry Kip. 14c; ,
dry Calf. 10c: Sheerskins. shearlings. 25030c
eachj short wool 4O0G3c each; medium. 70®
OOe: lone wool. $l«jl 60 each; Horse Hidea. I
salt, $2 75 for large and $2 50 for medium, %'i
for small ami 50c for Colts: Horse. Hides, dry,
$1 75 for large and $1 00 for medium, $1®1 25 1
for Email and &0o for Colts. Buck Skins— Dr> •
Mexican. 32>4c; dry ealted Mexican, 26c; dry
Central American, 33e. Goat Skins— Prlm«
Angoras, 75c; large and smooth. 60c; medium, i
85c; email, 20c. j
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 505 He per lb-
No. 2. 4V4«*4«;c; grease. 2V403V4C '
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquln Lambs'. DO j
lie. (Juoiations for spring clip are as follows- I
HumbOldt and Mendoclno. lS@20c; Foothill. 1
defective. 11013c: Nevada, 12®15c; San Joa- »
quln, defective, Pfillc per lb; Southern, itw ]
lie; Valley Oregon, fine. 17018c; do, medium, ]
10®17c; -Jo. coarte. 15016c; Lambs', 15c per i
pound. i
HOPS— 15018c per lb.
Meat Market. ]
Thft local packers and butchers report a quiet
and uninteresting market, with supplies «ufn. <
dent for the demand. A
'DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rate* from blaughterers to dealers t
are as follown: . '
BEEF — GVii»7Vjc for Steers and SViflOVie per J
lb for Cows. .. . '
VEAL — Large. 7©8c; small, O09V£c per lb. ;
MUTTON — Wethers. .S'a'Jc; Ewes, 8Q&V4c ;
per lb. :
LAMB— Spring. 10©10VJc per lb. J
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 8V4©9VSc per lb. J
LIVESTOCK MARKET. ' J
The following quotations are for good, sound (
Llvea|ock. delivered In San Francisco, less SO 1
per cent shrinkage for Cattle: -. . .# - ; j
CATTLE — Steer*. 809c; Cows and Heifers, <
7@8o; thin Cows. 4g5c per lb. ]
CALVES — 405V»o per lb (gross weight). . i 1
SHEEP— Wethers, 4c; Ewes, 3Va03* 4 c per lb 1
(gross weight). \ - 1
LAMBS— Spring, $2 7503 per head.. ' » •
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 6H@«V4c; :
under 140 lbs. 5Vi©6c; Sows. 20 per cent off; {
Boars, 60 per cent off,' and Stags. 40 per cent '
off from above quotations.
General Merchandise. I
-¦ -- - •¦ - ¦• • s
BAGS — Grain Bags, 4.7325c; San <Ju«ntln. i
N55c: WoolBtKs. 32ffl35c; Fleece Twine, 7^9 i
Atchlson 65%iOntarlo & Westn. 23?i
Atchlson pfd W*i, Pennsylvania 6l>4
Bait & Ohio 84*i Rand Mines 10i*
Canadian Pacific. .12.*^ Reading 24%
Clies & Ohio 35% Heading 1st pfd.. 42
Chgo G Western.. 17' Reading 2d pfd... 34?i
Chgo. M & St P.. 145U Southern Railway 22%
De Beers IS ti Southern Ry pfd. 89
Denver & Rio Gr. 28 Vs Southern Pacific. 47
D & R G pfd 815ilUnlon Pacific 78»*
Erie 31 Vi Union Pacific pfd. 89
Erit 1st pfd «6«i U S Steel 26%
Erie 2d pfd 56 U S Steel pfd 78*4
Illinois Central .v!30 Wabash 22 Vj
Louisvl & Nash?hO9*i Wabaeh pfd 40
M0. Kans & Tex. 21
Bar silver, steady. 24»id per ounce. Money,
1*402 per cent. The rate of discount in the
open market for short bills is 2% per cent,
and for three months' bills 2% per cent.
Nezv York Grain a?id Produce.
NEW YORK, July 16.— FLOUR— Receipts.
212.000 barrels; exports, 16,500 barrels; market
was Irregular and fulet all day.
WHEAT— Receipts, 41.9C0 bushels; exports.
117,700 bushels. Spot dull. No. 2 red. 85c ele
vator and 85}ic f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 Northern
Duluth. 02%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Mani
toba, 01 %c f. o. b. afloat. Options were irreg
ular during the forenoon. Favorable 'weather
caused the ready absorption of offerings, as
sisted by closing Liverpool and Paris cables
! and covering. In the afternoon the market
was irregular, closing steady. }*c net lower.
July closed at 84%c; September. 81 7-16!gS2V<;<\ .
closed 81 7- 16c; December, 61%082y 4 c, closed!
at 81 %c.
HOPS— Quiet.
WOOL— Firm.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
MOLASSES— Firm.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, quiet: No. 1 Invoice,
5 S-16c; mild, quiet. The market for futures
closed at 5 points advance. Total sales. 4000
bags including: September. 3.80@3.85c; Octo
ber 3.90c; November, 4c; December. 4.25c.
SUGAR— Raw, strong; fair refining. 3^@
3 3-16c; centrifugal. 90 test, 3 11- 10c; molasses
sugar 2 7 fc(52 15-lCc. Refined was firm.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is
steady to firm under a Jobbing demand, with
common quoted at 4@5»ic; prime, 5*405*40;
choice, 60<JVic; fancy, 6?i@7*4c.
PRUNES — Spot prunes continue to attract a
Jobbing attention and rule steady at quota
tions ranging from 3c to 7c for all grades.
APRICOTS — Are moving moderately and are
unchanged at 7-%<g8!4c for choice and 10@12MiC
for fancy.
PEACHES — Are quieter, the tone of the mar
ket being rather easy on better grades. Choice
are quoted at 7Q7^c and fancy at 8@10fte.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. July 16.— The early sentiment in
the wheat pit was bearish, due to the unsat
isfactory condition of the money market, the
weak feeling in stocks and the labor troubles,
and prices responded to selling pressure from
commission houses after a steady opening,
with September Vic lower to Vic higher. Early
n3es were at a decline to 7«Vic. but buying
by St. Louis scalpers and «ome commission
houses caused a reaction and sent the price
up to 77Vic Sentiment was divided, however,
and on tiie prospect of Increased movement
and good grading of the new wheat crop with
pood weather and absence of foreign demand
the tone became easier again. The close on
September showed a loss of Vac. at 76%c, but
in the race of uncertainty as to the Crop In
the Northwest there was little weakness ap
parent. Trade was active and steady and cf
good volume.
Corn displayed some weakness at the start
on commission house selling, due to the fine
weather and improving condition of the crop.
September being off a shade to V»®V4c, but
with the better tone in wheat there was some
good buying by local bulls and the decline was
checked. Movement was not large and there
was some improvement in the cash demand.
Under these influences and with steady cables
the general tone of the market was steady, al
though the close showed September % l SHc
lower, at SO'fec. after ranging between 50V&C
and 50%@50!»c. There was a fair volume of
trade.
Oats were generally steady, but were in
fluenced to a considerable extent by the varying
feeling in other grains. Trade was light, with
"calls" selling on a somewhat improved crop
(situation. Local bull?, however, .afforded suf
ficient support to prevent any severe break,
and the close showed September fairly steady
at 33V 4 $33**C. a lors of %@Vac.
There was little demand for provisions and
the market was weak, lard showing a. sham
reaction from yesterday's spurt. The clost
was at a loss for September pork of 50c, while
lard was down 67>4c and ribs 22'4c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July ,'old) 76H 76% 75% 7«>«
July (new) Tt:'* 76* R 76 -,e,%
Sept. (old) 77 K 77 \ ~HT% 77 H
h'opt. (new) 77 >6 7^»4 «. 76\i 7OTs
Corn No. 2 —
July 49% BO 14 49*; 49^
September .V)4 50% 50'fc 5<H S
December 4i)% 5OVs 49*4 49?j
Oats No. 2 —
July 39% 40 37% 3S«-i
September 33% 33T, 3.3 >i Xl%
December 31 14, 34 H 33% 33%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
July 14 20 14 25 14 15 14 15
September 14 75 14 1)0 14 371$ 14 40
Lard, per 100 lbs —
July 7 05 7 07*4 7 8.% 7 S. r »
September 8 45 H 45 8 TO 8 02 Vi
October 7 1)5 8 00 7 70 7 72Mj
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
July h B3 8 66 8 42V4 8 42^
September 8 60 H 75 > 47^ 8 4714
October 8 25 8 25 8 O7V4 8 07 Vi
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat. 76<ghOc; No. 2 red,
75%0763»c; No. 2 corn. 49*;c; No. 2 yellow.
50c; No. 2 oate, 34%c; No. 2 white. 35c; No. 3
white. 3C037c; No. 2 rye. 42c; good feeding
barley, S0®42c; fair to choice malting, 46®
50c; No. 1 flaxseed. 05c; No. 1 Northwestern,
09c; prime timothy seed. $3.40; mess pork, per
bbl. $14 l.VfiU 25; lard, per 100 lbs. $7 KM
7 95; fhort rile sides (loose), $S 2508 40; dry
salted Khoulders (boxed). $7 7.">©7 S7Vi: hhort
clear Fides (boxed). $8 6o<g8 «J2^4; whlaky, bai«lb
of high wines, (I 30; clover, contract grade,
f!2£12 50.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 24,700 0,200
Wheat, bushels 50,400 227,300
Corn, busheU 208,100 afwi.100
Oats, bushels 230.900 33.200
Rye, bushels 4,000 o,100
Barley, bushels 15,400
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creams, 19©20c; dairle:,,
13H&18& Eggs, steady; at mark, loss off,
cases included, 13014^jc. Cheese, new, 10©
ll'-ic. j
Foreign Futures. i
< LIVERPOOL. ' ,
Wheat — July. Sept. D»c.
Opening 6 7'i 6314 6 2%
Closing 6 7Vi 6 Z% 0 3V4 I
PARIS.
Wheat— July. Nov.-Feb.
Opening 2t S5 22 HO
Closing 24 00 22 30
Flour —
Opening 32 90 30 15
Closing 33 10 SO 15
Eastern Livestock Market:
CHICAGO. ;
CHICAGO. July 10.— CATTLE— Receipts 1
7000. including: 5000 Texnns. Steady to firm. !
Good to prime steers. $5©5 50; poor to me- j
dium. $K|.">; stockers and feeders. $2 5004 50; I
i cows. $1 W)04 60; helfem, J2 25@>4 50; canners
* 1 S0ig2 75: bulls. $2@4 35: calves. (2 50©t»; .
Texas fed steers. $3 25<g4 60. - .
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 17.000; to-morrow I
20,000; left over. 4000; 10til5c higher. Mixed '
and butchers. $5 10@5 fiO; good to chcios j
heavy. $5 3.'»@5 55; rough heavy, .J505 35- '
light. $5 4005 45; bulk of sales, $5 35@5 50. I
SHEEP — Receipts 8000. Sheep steady; !
Iambs steady. Good to choice wethers $3 7<>$y i
8: fair to choice mlxrd. $3®3 *5; 'Western I
sheep. $3 5004; native lambs, $306 50.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH. July 1C— CATTLE— Receipts
1000. Steady. Natives, $3 85@5 45; cows and j
heifers, $1 750>4 25; stockers and feeders, $3
©4.
HOGS— Receipts 6700. Market 10jI15c higher
Light, $5 3505 55; medium and heavy. $5 in '
«5 4a * 1 ,
SHEEP— Receipts 150. Steady to strong '
Native lambs,- $5 85; -wethers. $4; ewes, $5 35!
New York Metal Market. •
NEW YORK, July 10.— Spot tin In London
declined 10s to £122 10s. while futures "her"
were £1 lower at £119 13s. Locally tin was
easy and lower, spot closing at $28628 50
Copper was unchanged In London at £50 2s i
7d, except for futures, which declined 2s 6d
to £55 2s 6d. ' In New York copper was quiet
and unchanged; lake and electrolytic are auoted
at $13 62H©13 75. .:-..- quoted
Lead remained unchanged at $4 12 14 .
Spelter declined 5s to £20 10s In London <
and was quiet and easier here at $4. Iron 1
closed at S2a 4d in Glasgow and at 46s 4d In 1
Mlddlesbpro. Locally Iron rules quiet. No 1
1 foundry. Northern. $18 50019 BO; No. 2 do' \
$17 50018 50: No. 1 foundry. Southern, and do 1
soft. $17,75018 25. . • " ]
• 1 Nezv York Cotton Market. - '
— — . . 1 1
NEW YORK, July 16.— Cotton futures closed ] 1
barely steady, net 16 to 26 points higher on I
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Local stocks a-id bonds continue quiet.
Xezu York stocks unsettled and erratic.
Fractional fluctuations in Silver and Exchange.
Wheat and other grains not materially changed.
Hay, Bran and Middlings as before quoted.
Beans and Seeds dull and somewhat nominal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs repotted very quiet.
Hops weakening all along the line.
Provisions again lower at Chicago and dull here.
Live and dicssed Meats in ample supply and unchanged.
Poultry sti!! in free supply and easy.
Potatoes weak and arriving freely. Onions and Vegetables un
changed.
Fresh Fruits exhibit no new features.
the new months," while the later positions were
net unchanged to 2 points lower.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, July 16.— Clearings. $845,403; bal
ances, J290.S93.
TACOMA. July 16.— Clearings, $252,400; bal
ances, $.'{0,714.
PORTLAND. July 16.— Clearings, $522,360;
balances. $KD,209.
SPOKANE. July 16.— Clearings, $334,870;
balances, $47,987.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. July 16.— WHEAT— Walla,
Walla, 7G@77c; blue stem, 80c; valley, 78@79c.
WASHINGTON. •
TACOMA, July 16.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
blue stem, 82c; club. 78c.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON. July 16.— The offerings at the
wool auction sales to-day were 12.168 bales.
Fine crossbreda were In better demand and
they advanced 5 per cent. Merinos were
steadier. Prices of good Natal grades were
steady.
TEE SAN FRANCISCO CALLj, FRIDAY, 1*7, 1903,
LOCAL MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
OCEAN TRAVEL.
j/gir Eteamera leave Eaa Fraa-
yf\JJ —^©^\ clsco as follows:
Arf^ XiffV For Ketchlkaa. Juneao.
(Q-t !|Wh \"*\ Skagrwar. etc.. Alaska— U a.
I vsJxA I m - Julr l0 - 1! * - 0 - 23 - 30 '
1 \ YffMJM/ .1 Aupust 4. Change tr> com-
w\ \\ )SJ F"- n y' s steamers at Seattle.
Vr>i_-<OX For Victoria. Vancouver.
>3£TS»5j!^ Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
*" — coma. Everett. Wnatcom — 11
a. m.. July 10. 15. 20. 25. 30. August 4. Changs
at Seattle.to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka and O. N. Ry. ; at Seattle for Tacoma to N.
P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. in.. July 9. 15. 21. 27, August 2: Corsna.
1 :30 p. m., July 12. 19, 24, 30. Aujrast 5.
For Los Aneeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara— Sasta
Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crux. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (Saa
Luis ObUpo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. July 8, 16, £4, August 1.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. £an Jose del
Catfo Mazatlan. Altata, La Pax. Santa Ro-
salia! Guayrnas (Hex.). 10 a. ro, 7th or each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail*
Ing dates.
TIC' w " i: " r O'TOIM! — « New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
. Freight OfD?e. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st.. San Franelaco.
O. /?. & N. CO.
"Colombia" nails July 12. 22, Ant. 1. 11. 21.
31. "George W. Elder" sails July 17. 27. Auj.
6. 16. 26. Only steamship line to PORTLAND,
OR. and short rail line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all points, alt
rail or steamship and rail, at LOWEST
RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth and
meal*. Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at 11 a.
m 8. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pasa. Dept. 1
Montgomery »t.: C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt. Frt.
D«pt.. 3 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL- STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, comer Flrtt and
Branr.an streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. Ko
cargo received on board on day cf sailing.
8 8. NIPPON MARU Friday. July S3. 1903
s' 8. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday. August 28. 1903
8 S." HONGKONG MARU (Calling at Ma-
nHa) Saturday. September 19. 1903
Via Honolulu. Rcund-trlp tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage, apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent-
S <« ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. July 23.11 A.M.
«" s" VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday, Aug. 6. 2 P. M.
«» S MARIPOSA. for Tahltl.August 13,11 A.M.
ij.JPKtt£U & Elfl3.C0^»jxreUtlJ!Sca.E43 BarWS
F^tKEa.329 larbtSL.Rvla. l.PaciTt SL
C0MPAG5I2 CESESULE THANSATLAMTIQSJ
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^v_
Sailing every Thunday. instead ot^$n~r'Z )
Saturday, at 10 a. ra.. from Pier 42. »«-JIS&3
North River, toot of Morton street.
Fir«t-cla»* to Havre. J70 and upward. See.
ecd-clasa to Havre. $43 and upward. OE.V-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudscn building).
Ktw York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Co»j;
Acents 3 Montgomery avenue. San Franciaco.
Ticket* >old bv all Railroad Ticket Agent*.
l&axa lalaad aad Vallajo Steataara.
Stiaatr GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
— 9:43 a. m.. 3:13 and 8:3O p. m., ex. Sunday.
Sunday. 8:4S a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave* VtlHJo.
7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 0 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sv.a-
<Jjy.-I a. ni.. 4:13 p. m. Far*. TO cents. T*l-.
Main IMS. Pier 2, Mlssloa-tt. dock. MATCH
BROS
AUCTION SALES
fe fife .fea
THE FINAL SALE
—OF—
Trotting Horses
From SANTA RuSA STOCK FARM
(Estate of Henry Pierce, deceased*.
Will Take Place
WEDNESDAY, July 22. 1903.
, _; Commencing at 10:30 a. m.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
__ 246 Third st.. S. F.
This sale Includes all th* mares, colts, geld-
ings and fillies on the farm. Among them ar«
many with records, and seven three-year-olds,
mat have trotted quarters better than 33 sec-
onds, sons and daughters of Sidney Dillon (slr»
of Lou Dillon. 2:034 champion); Direct. 2:034:
Palo Alto. L':(«*i4: Inrerna. 2:24 V4: Altamont.
f/24; Beau B. 2:l«4; L. W. Rusiwll. Almonl-
'I* 111 ' 2 ; 24}4. etc.. out of famous broodmares—
the finest Individuals as well as the choicest
*i.* ver led lntn " aalea ring. All ara thor-
oughly broken, handsome and gentle. They
represent the result of many years' study or»
tha part of Mr. Pierce, and seekers after high
class trotters and pacers, splendid broodmares
with foals by Sidney Dillon at foot, will get
what they want at this sale. It will h« thu
last opportunity to get such well-bred horsea
at auction. No reserve or limit: every animal
must be «Md. Catalogues issued Tuesday.
July 14. Horses at salesyard July 19.
vvM. O. LATXU. Livestock Auctioneer.THE SAN F-BAK CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, y JULY 17, 1903.
12
HELP WANTED — FEMALE— Con.
AT~cT~R HANSON & CO. ... Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Hotel housekeeper who understands back
part of house; must know how to superin-
tend the kitchen $30
Head waitress," city hotel $30
Waitresses, same olace $22 50
Chambermaid to wait, same place $20
3 more waitresses, springs, Lake Co., fares
paid, long season • $25
,. Waitress, Institution, short distance; one
used to hotel and private waiting preferred;
a fine opportunity for right person
$35, found and waahlng
Waitress, same place. $25 found and waahlng
Waitress, new hotel, short distance, no uni-
form, fare cald • $25
6 waitresses, different hotel eating houses
along the line, free fare $20
A woman for cooking twice a week and help
with chamber work rest of the week, nice
home, country $ 3(J
2 waitresses, Santa Cruz, fares pa id.... $25
Waitress. Santa Cruz Mts., no uniform, fare
paid $25
Chambermaids, city and country $18-$20
2 starch ironers, Lake Tahoe. free fare
both ways $35 found.
2 starch ironers, Santa Barbara, ?35 month
and up and found, free fare. «
Starch lroner, summer resort.. $35 and found
Waitresses, all over the State $25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
2 houseglrls. different ranches, $25-$32 50;
cooks, houseglrls, second girls, nursegirls,
others, $15-$35.
C. R, HANSEN & CO ISO Bush st.
GIRLS TO RIVET OVERALLS; STEADY
WORK: PAID WHILE LEARNINO.
LEVI STRAU8S 4 CO..
32% FREMONT ST.
ArPLY TO MR. DAVIS.
AT OUR NEW FACTORY, 1873 MISSION ST^,
NEAR FIFTEENTH, SEWING MACHINE
OPERATORS ON OVERALLS WANTED,
INEXPERIENCED PAID SALARY WHILE
LEARNING :OPEHATORS AND RIVETEK8
ALSO WANTED AT OUR MAIN FACTOR*.
32% FREMONT ST. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
APPLY TO MR. DAVIS. "
t
GIRLS FOR FACTORY WORK; GOOD
WAGES; PAID WHILE LEARNINO;
STEADY EMPLOYMENT; APPLY AT
ONCE.
AMES & HARRIS.
100 SACRAMENTO ST.
WANTED — Saleslady; one experienced In retail
crockery business preferred; give experience
and salary expected. Box 1838, Call office.
', t _____ __ .
GIRLS TO Z.EARN ON SHIRTS AND OVER-
ALLS; A STATED AMOUNT GUARAN-
TEED. STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY.
COR. GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall season;
trade taught from start to finish In 1 month
for $10; positions guaranteed at $10 per week
up. French School, 143 Stockton at. rm. 13.
SCANDINAVIAN or Finn woman for general
housework; good plain cook; wages $25. 2016
Franklin St., near Jackson.
WANTED— Experienced stenographer for com-
mercial work; state salary expected. Ad-
dress box 1S49. Call office. _^^
WHOLESALE house desires services of ma-
ture woman, intelligent and with business
"experience; no office work. Box 1857, Call.
WASTED — Competent wemen to line fur gar-
ments. Robert Wallace, 219 Grant ave.
WANTED — Noat, reliable Blrl: good cook. Ap-
ply mornings, 30CS Twentieth st.
WANTED — Young woman, working house-
keeper. Call 5:30 p. m.. 021 York. nr. 18th.
WANTED — Experienced bill clerk for wholesale
house; state salary expected. Box 1854, Call.
NEAT, reliable girl gen. housework, cooking;
small family; good wages. 2116 California st.
PICK hops in August: enjoyable/healthful and
very profitable outlne for men, women and
children. Call or write E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery at. San Francisco.
WANTED — Experienced art goods saleswoman,
one who is capable of taking charge of de-
partment; state age, experience . and salary
expected. Box 1S33, Call office.
WANTED — Young lady who Is an experienced
stenographer: one who is familiar with the
Smith I'remler typewriter; Btate age, expe-
rience and salary expected. Box 1832. Call.
EXPERIENCED alteration hands on ladles'
tailor-made suits; . steady position. Cloak
department. M. FRIEDMAN & CO.. 237.Po«t.
WANTED — Few scholars to learn millinery;
competent teacher; easy terms. Box 1835,
Call office.
GIRL for light upstair work and to attend to
a growlntj boy after school. Apply 602 Ful-
ton at.
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory. Central
ave. and Waller st. '
APPRENTICE for hair business at G. LEDER-
ER'S. 123 Stockton at. ,
WANTED— Experienced bindery girls. Apply
HANBORN, VAIL & CO.. 741 Market St.
GOOD finishers and apprentices on pants at
820 Elizabeth at, between 23d and 24th. j
SEWING girls for curtain work: must be ex-
perlenced. Box 1823. Call office.
WOMAN wanted to cut ladles' waists. Apply,
between 10 and 11. 43 Ellis st. . ¦¦¦ .
FIRST-CLASS talloress wanted , on custom
vyts; best wages paid. 609 Kearny. rm. 2.
WANTED — Salesladies for waist department <'
CAILLEAU'8. 114 . Kearny at.
GIRLS for factory work; good wage*: no ex-
perience. Apply Gulf Bag Co.. 709-711 Front.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. " ¦
HELP ' WANTE'D-^IALE.' .
lRONMOLD^R^7oT^o^mry7^3^ayT^asheiC
country laundry, . $45 and . found; 2 man-
piers, $25 and found; foreman for fruit ranch,
$60 found ; 2 men about place, $25 and $30
and found ; gardener, r $30 , and found ; . f arm-
ers, $20 and $30 and found;. 2 farmers and
wives, $40 and found; chore boy, $12 and
found ; 4 milkers. $30 and $35 and found ;
butter-maker, $40 and ' found; locksmith and
saw flier; miners/ $2 50 and. $3 day;' labor-
' ers. quarrymen, : woodchoppers, blacksmiths
and helpers, and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 62S Sacramento st. ' ' • '
PORTER for springs, $20 and found; 2 restau-
rant cooks, $12 week and $70 month; short
• order cook. $50: boarding-house ¦ cook, $40;
waiters, diihwashers and others. J. F. CRO-
' SETT & CO.. 628; Sacramento* st.
TRY cur: men's shoes/union .made, at $1 per
¦ pair; , foot-form ¦ shoes at $2 50 or orthopedic
ehoes, $3 50; best ahoes on ' earth. 11 Third
at. Examiner building. 5 doors from Market.
BRIGHT, active; boy about 14 or 15 years for
errands and ; Inside r work ' with wholesale
house. Eastman Kodak ; Co. , , 643 f Market st.
BOOKBINDERS wanted: flrst-class "Job ruler.
, also ! forwarder on plain . blank work, • etc.
FRANK MALLOYE. 422 Sacramento at.
WANTEJ>--.*|IALE---Con.
MURRAY & READY,
* 634 and 636 Clay; at. •
PHONE MAIN 5848. PHONE MAIN 584S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS. ;
WE KNOW NO DISTINCTION BETWEEN
I >•'."¦: ¦¦¦¦¦:: MAN AND MAN.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL. ¦ - -
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1002 We Gave 1003 We'll Give
45,000 Men Work. 60,000 Men Work.
WE SHIP YOU s FREE TO ONE.
FREE TO-DAY. FREE TO ALL.
Ogden, Utah, : -.V" : ? 'All Parts Nevada,
Los Angeles County, Santa Barbara,
Chatsworth Park, ¦ Hawaiian Islands,
Santa Susana, , Oregon.
San Fernando, Washington,
Los Angeles County, Central America.
Arizona. Willits. Uklah.
AND ALL POINTS NORTH. EAST. SOUTH.
INCLUDING OGDEN. UTAH.
Carpenters and hrlpero. pile drivers. • fence
builders, drillers, single, double and machine
men, corner and bench hands, muckers,
chuck tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, la-
borers, track men, cooks, waiters, engineers,
blacksmiths, etc., $5. $4, $3.50, $3. $2.50 and
$2 a day.
FREE FARE. FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
Everybody Talking. Thousands Going.
ARE YOU? ARE YOU? ARE YOU?
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
TO PARADISE— BOSS HERE.
ri tf 0 ,"" 846 ". laborers. $75.
65 drillers and hammersmen, $73.
OREGON— FREE FARE.
20 coal miners. $3 to $5 day.
FREE FARE FOR SOUTHERN PACIFIC
RAILROAD.
165 laborers, etc., different divisions, includ-
ing Santa Barbara, San Luis Oblspo. Milton,
Farmlngton, Gllroy. Los Gatos.
TO OREGON.
26 laborers -for a good mine, you'll suit, $75.
GOLD AND SILVER.
COPPER AND COAL.
06 miners,' single and double hand, some 8
hours, $85, $00.
16 tlmbermen, different Jobs $00.
165 muckers, different Jobs, $75.
364 laborers, no experience required, $60.
TO QUARRIES AND TUNNELS.
265 drillers and hammersmen, $75. $85.
304 laborers, no experience required, $60,
$67 60. .
LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS.
655 laborers for all classes of work, including
factories, excavating, buildings, mills, etc..
$2 60 and $2 day, located In San Francisco
and all parts of California.
TO HAY AND HARVEST FIELDS.
164 hay and harvest hands, $1 50, $1 75. $2
and $2 60 a day.
TO ORCHARDS AND VINEYAHDS.
2/3 general hands. 15 fruit pickers. $30 and
$J5 and found. \
TO DAIRIES AND HAY BALERS.
06 milkers, butter and cheese makers. $30.
$40 and $50 and found.
16 hay balers. 20c and 25c a ton.
STABLES AND PRIVATE RESIDENCES.
16 stablemen, city and country Jobs, $75, $70
and $60.
23 choremen. $40, $35. $30 and $35 aDd found.
MEN AND WIVES.
16 farmers and wives, different Jobs, $70,
$U0, $50 and found.
4 cooks and wives, hotels, mines, bawmills,
etc.. $85. $60, $50 and found.
504 WOODCHOPPERS. TIEMAKERS.
Post, picket and shakes, also sblngle bolt
makers.
MECHANICAL HELP.
84 blacksmiths and helpers city and coun-
try. $3 50. $3. $2 50. $2 day.
0 wagon and carriage makers. $3 50. $3 day.
12 carpenters city and country Jobs. $4,
$3 60. $3 day.
0 machinists for wineries and xsawmtlls. free
fare, $50 and found.
15 coopers, lie: 5 carriage painters. $90; 6
brick molders. $3 50 day; plasterers. $5 50;
structural Iron workers.
12 bench hands and paperers, fare $1. $2 23
to $3 50 day
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ETC.
57 cooks, all over California $00. $S0. $75,
?C0. $50. $40. $35 and found, for hotels,
mines, sawmills, camps, ranches, cafes, res-
taurants, saloons, harvest outfits, etc.
15 waiters. $35. $40, $30 and found.
36 pot and dishwashers. $35. $30. $20 found.
18 bell and elevator boys porters, bedmak-
ers. $30 to $15 and found.
12 laundrymen. all classes $18 week up.
« bakers and helpers. $33. $40. $30 and found.
Walter and dishwasher, same camp. $35 fd.
12 boys learn trades.
MURRAY & READY. 634-63S Clay st
YOUR FARE PAID
TO 89 SAWMILLS.
WOODS, YARDS, ETC.
YOUR FARE PAID.
Located in 4 States and 2 Territories.
869 laborers without any experience. $35 to
$70 and found.
67 men for planing mills.
16 full day crews for woods, mills; 0 night
crews for woods and mills.
126 men and boys for box factories, etc.
Wages $150. $1CO. $00, $80. $70. $60. $50. $40
and found.
Everything from a swamper to an engineer.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
NORTH. Z BIG L. CO.
"ANOTHER GOOD JOB.
25 laborers. YOU'LL SUIT, $60.
Blacksmith, little shoeing. $90.
Blacksmith helper, $67 50.
Blacksmith helper, woods, $67 60.
Man to handle logs on deck at mill, $67 50;
board, etc., 45c a day; fare $3; LUMBER
TRUST.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
" MIDNIGHT ORDERS BY
PHONE TELEGRAPH -and MAIL.
Steward, country hotel, $40 to $50 fd.
German or Swiss milker, Slsklyou Co., fare
paid. $33
2 carpenters.Humboldt Co., plain work. $75 fd.
Sheepherder, $30 found.
Night cook, city. $9.
Nurse, State institution, $25 found; second
cook. State institution, J30 found; young
man about city paint store, $0.
LOOK'
Ratchet setter. Alles block. 25 M mill. $85.
2 foremen, excavating, city Job, $3 day.
Tallyman, lumber company, boss here, $4 fd.
TRACTION ENGINEER, $3 DAY.
3 men. 4 hours' work dally, $2 day.
.1 milkers, same dairy, south. $30 and found.
3 boys, learn manufacturing trade, $15-$20
and found.
Cook, sawmill, few men. $35 and found.
2 hall boys, city hotel. $17 50 and found.
Night watchman, city. $32 50 fd.
Solderer for cans, country, 20c to 22*-4c hour.
Blacksmith, camp, near city, $3 day.
Horseshoer, camp, fare 30c. $3 day.
ENGINEER, STEAM ROLLER. $3 day fa.
Cook, camp, city, few men, $40 fd.
5 Austrian laborers, free fare.
Stableman. Ala. Co.. fare $1 30. $30 fd.
Blacksmith. Napa Co.. $3 day.
First baker, second baker, 30c fare, $50
and $40 found. ,
5 laborers, board yourselves home, city. $2 25
day; 0 hours' work.
Walter, also potwasher, city institution, city,
$20 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
BIG MINES. FARE ADVANCED.
MANAGER HERE.
35 laborers, no experience wanted, $62 50 to
$69. YOUR FARE ADVANCED.
MURRAY & READY, G34-636 Clay at.
FREE FARE TO FREE FARE
FRESNO.
25 laborers: call early; your railroad fare
FREE.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay 8t.
ANDRE'S office. 317 Stockton s^— Ccok, res-
taurant, $70; broiler. $50; waiter for restau-
rant. $45; dishwasher, $7 a week; dish-
washer. ¦¦"¦ small place, $5 a week: kitchen
hand. Institution. $20; elevator boy. $15 a
month and found; helper for nursery, coun-
try, $25; man to milk- cow. tend to horses,
garden, etc.. $30; butler. $40, country; la-
borers for private park, $1 a day and found.
etc. .
A — HOTEL Gazette, 26 Montgomery, room 12.
3 colored waiters, $30; bell boy, $15.
YOUNG man to drive light delivery wagon;
must have experience driving In Western Ad-
" dltlon; wages $10 per week. Call to-day from
to 12. BLUM'S Confectionery, corner Polk
and, Sutter sts.
WANTED — Competent, reliable salesman < for
liquor store; good salary and prospects for
light party; state refs..- age, nationality. Ad-
dress "W. J.," box D2O, Sacramento.
WANTED — Boys net over 20 years of age for
clerical ' work to learn th* business.
NATHAN-DOHRMANN CO.. 122 Sutter st.
STRICTLY flrst-class washer for steam laun-
. dry; must give references and state where
he has been employed. Box 1 824. Call.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 50; -we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third st. Examiner bidg.
MANAGER boys'. Juvenile department. S. N.
WOOD &.CO.. 740 Market st.
RELIABLE cash boys. , S. N. WOOD & CO.,
740 Market st. . , "
AN errand boy; steady position. M. FRIED-
MAN & CO.. 237 Post st. . -. -' - : .\ ¦
AN- experienced wrapper. Cloak and 8u;t
, Dept. M. FRIEDMAN ;& CO.. 237 Post at.
EXPERIENCED wrappers wanted — Apply su-
perintendent's office. The Emporium.
WANTED — 2 Al boilermakers ; permanent em-
ployment. Box 1848, Call. '
WANTED— Bright boy about 17 for office of
wholesale house. Box 1850, -Call.
BOY " wanted to take and • deliver orders for
meat; markets Apply 1221 Devlsadero st.
BARBER shop for sale ; 3 ' chairs ; cheap ; j good
thing. .751 Mission st. .
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
¦¦¦foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express or
; mall charges. - 11-Thlrd st. Examiner blfg.
WANTED — Experienced ' book binder*. Apply
SANBORN, VAIL & CO., 741 Market at
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE— Con.
A— $3 50 DEREY and fedora hats. 51 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny at. nea*
¦ Pine; open tit 0 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers I water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. 'WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st. k
MOVING picture film and song slides. 109
Montgomery at. •
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Maricet at.
All bargains: campstools and chairs, hammocks,
metal beds. mattreasea.J.F.Hotter.712 Mission,
Edison phonographs, records, suppl les mov Ing
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches,
all sUe». J. E. DOAK. 48 Fremont at
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. ?10 Montg'y.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc«
tureV. BULLARD ft BRECK. 131 t J o_»t
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
TTLTOV wants good second-hand clothing and
theTtrtcri goods 154_9th Bt -= teLJewle 2S51.
$5000 WORTH cast-off clothing wanted; highest
price paid. 322 Grant ave.: tel. Red 3932.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA-HERMANMURPHY.,.^^
Quick aettlements; no diaappol ntaaent.
Save expenses by dealing a lro "_J-
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents. Property latrast.
etc.; legacies. Ufa estatea and undivided in-
terests in property purchased. _-,«__?., »
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
HIGHLY respectable private place *f obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
loweat rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store^ 84tf
Market at. tel. Main 1644, Branch. 19 Third.
MONET loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses. ">_»<««
security: easy payments: ~» eBt _ basl ° e S_ l i'
40 principal cltlea. Tolman. 553 Parrot Diay.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no removal J
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet confidential. 26 Montgomery at.rm. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 108 Grant •>*•-.
LOANS FROM $1 to $10.000.
AT cut rates on real estate, furniture or pianos
no commission. E. W. LICK. 1003 Mutual
Sav. Blc bid.. 708 Market: phone Main 816. _
i". ~f7 DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salarteti
people on their noto.
Tha TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bidg.
MONEY to loan on low interest: gold, iillver.
diamonds, pearls and precious atonaa toougat
at W. J. HESTH ALL'S. 10 Sixth at >
GOOD names; 1% on furniture, 2d nJOTtft*ag9|
any security. 302 Montgomery at. rro. IB-
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no retnoral:
V. TREMAIN. room 8L 6 Eddy at. floor *.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 633 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loana mon«T. *°
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bid.
CASH loaned salaried people on noU» without
lndorser. MORRELL. 6Cfl Examiner hid.
MUSICAL' INSTRUMENTS.
A FEW snaps selected from 200; all reduced oa
; account of summer season for June. July:
3 Chlckertng *S8. $97. $185
2 Emerson »93- f"3
2 Heine *235. $3*3
2 Stelnway. small & large upright. $185. $385
New pianos from $137 up
25 Squares from 113 U P
Piano" Players. $90 up: rent reduced to $2
up, apply on purchase; installment*, one-
tenth down, two years to pay balance.
HEINE PIANO CO., 235-237 Geary St.; tel.
Main 5744.
STEINWAY upright, left by private party,
$165; great bargain. 237 Geary st.
BUY your piano now and begin payment when
you return from your vacation. By thli
means you secure the benefit of our reduced
prices. Large stock, desirable good* and
easy payment. THE ZENO MAUVA1S
MUSIC CO.. 7C9 Market St. _
A FEW good upright pianos from $70. compris-
ing Vose, Sterling, Jacobson, Schwecluen.
Sherwood. Weser. Marshall & Wendell.
Hatnes, Everett and others; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-20 O'Farrell st.
No branches in San Francisco.
BAND inntruments; F. Besson. Parts, maker.
Gus Maiwald. Agt Pac. Coast. 27S O'Farreli:
skillful repairing; 2d-hand instruments sold.
KOHLER & CHASE,' SO OTarreH st; largest
and oldest piano house.
FREE master violins and flne-toned guitar
cheap. 156 Golden Gate ave.. room 17.
MAGNIFICENT Knabe. 3-pedal upright riano
at great loss; leaving city. 920 O'Farrell st.
BEST renting piano In city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO., 5C0 Hayes st.
BARGAIN: goo<l upright; must be aold at
once. SCHMITZ & CO., 16 McAllister at.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecilian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
SANSOME, T12, near Jackson — Handsome largo
store to let cheap.
WINDOW and part of a well-lighted stor*.
Apply 218 Post st.
PERSONALS.
RHEUMATISM, kidney trouble and Berrot—
•• »ases cured at Institution of Science, Glaa-
.. bidg., 103 Ellis at, rooms 7-8; advice
..id examination free by mall' or at office;
cases treated privately. DR. J. R. CRAIO.
mpt. The science of drugless healing taught
to responsible persons only.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
Wrinkles, yellow and flabby akin, birthmarks,
smallpox pittlngs and scars scientifically re-
moved without cutting, massage, electricity or
medicine; special demonstration* thia week.
Call or write DR. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
MORPHINE, opium and laudanum habits cured
at home by a painless home treatment; In-
dorsed and used by leading physicians; corre-
spondence strictly confidential: in plain, sealed
envelope; call or write- to-day. India Drus
Cure, 201 Turk st. ; Bruce P. Klmmls. Mgr.
WANTED^ — 999 men with scalp diseases: toes>
of hair and baldness prevented (can treat by
mall blank for stamp); consultation free;
8:30 to 6. Sundays 10 to 12. Prof. GEO. A.
GARLOW. Specialist, room 218. 907 Market.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth: stops falllng.cures dandruff
and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness:
cleanses scalp: at druggists', hairdressers'^ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co..385G«ary.
NOT how cheap, but how good. Is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. BVANS. agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN, 15 years* experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
corner Sutter at; fee moderate.
AT Jess than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers, at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall, Howard
St.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
ELEGANT suits on easy installments: 50 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket at. between Seventh and. Eighth.
SUITS to order on installments. $1 per week.
Neuhaus & Co.. merch. tailors, 727-720 Market.
ALL styles halrdresslnp. 25c: hair goods: mani-
curlng 25c. O. LEDERER. 123 Stockton gt.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress panta $2 50.
Misflt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle. Dr.AMrs.Traverse.ll70Market
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs.
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores jrray
hair to Us natural color: $1: at all druggists.
Superfluous hair & moles removed with elec-
tric needle. Mrs. & Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
VARICOSE veins and catarrh cured at home.
Call or write for testimonials. Dr. WILL-
IAMS CO.. 14O Geary st.. S. F.
M BELLE RUSSELL, palmist. 55 Third st:
ladles. 25c; gents. 50c; hrs.10-0 (ex. Sunday).
PAPERHANGING. PAINTING. ETC
ROOMS papered. $3 SO up; tinting, painting.
Hartmarn Paint Co.. 310 3d st: tel. Main 413
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DrTcTcTc^DONNELL- OffW an.1 resldelwel
1021H Market at. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. nero doctor-
treats all diseases of the human tody for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 6C7 Geary st. near Lenvenworth.
DR. TONO PO CHY. auccessor to Dr LI Po
Tal. herb doctor; cures aU diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseaaes -. a_e_ltT
DR. BALL. 1037*4 Marketat. "P**-*"*-
WONG WOO.the famoua herb doctor— All dls-
cases cured by Chinese herba. 718-8 Clay at.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED- — FEMALE.
WANTED — Sewing by competent dressmaker;
will go out through the summer at fl 50
a day. Box 1842. Call office.
YOUNG lady from the East would like situa-
tion as lady'a maid; betst of references. Box
1821. Call office.
WANT ada and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
t EMrLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
FIRST-CLASS butcher and packing-house man.
23 years' experience, at present employed,
desires change; anvwhere on coast; Al ref-
erences. Box 1196. Call. •
ItELIAELE middle-aged German wishes posi-
tion private place, take care of horses; good
driver; plain gardener; city or country; ref-
erences. Box 1843. Call office.
GENTLEMAN, 24 years of age, with 3 yearn"
experience, desires position In wholesale gro-
cery house aa salesman; best of references
from last employer. Box 184i, Call.
SOBER steady, reliable young man wishes
position an baker's helper in country; can
drive wagon also; state wages given. Box
1S52, Call office.
GENTLEMAN wishes position as bookkeeper
or correspondent; Spanish, German and
French. Box 1846. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes position at light
work; can care for horses, milk a cow or do
other work about a place. Box 1847, Call.
BY elderly man as choreman or any kind of
light work; city or country. Call or address
H. J., Shasta House, 240 Third st.
ENGINEER stationary or logging engine; oil
burner: do' all practical repairs; out of town
preferred. Box 1S53. Call office.
EXPERIENCED young German wishes posi-
tion ag bartender in city or country; good
recommendation. Box 1S55, Call.
BOOKKEEPER and clerk wants position; ex-
pert accountant; excellent references; late
with U S. Government in Manila, P. I. Ad-
dress box. 1820. Call office.
GENTLEMAN (32 years), highest references,
speaks several foreign languages, wishes
position of trust; bond if required. Box
1102, Call.
BOY of 16 from country wants to work for
board and attend Lick Polytechnic School.
Address MRS. M. W. ELMORE, Sebastopol.
Cal.
FIRST-CLASS stonemason wishes position as
ioreraan or journeyman : expert on water-
tight masonry. Address J. F-. Denver House.
Third St.
A GENERAL blacksmith and shoer wlohes a
situation; state wages. Address F. A. MUS-
SET. Elmhurst, Alameda County.
EXPERIENCED miner wants position in mine
and sharpen tools; wife to cook for small
crew. Box 1S40. Call.
TRAINED male nurse desires position, city
or country, care of Invalid; terms moderate;
references. Box 1811. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmora.
'A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1000
Valencia Bt.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stock
and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold; stock accepted for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Poet
BANK DEPOSITORS sending names and ad-
dresses will receive, free, valuable informa-
tion. Box 2555. Call office.
FLATS TO LET.
HOUSES and flats to let; an lmme*nse list: ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantage of this
department; it will save you time and trouble.
Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary at, on
the square.
PARK tlata; n«w; elegantly finished: on Sec-
ond ave. and C at. one block to McAllister
cars; 5 rooma, 6 rooms, 7 rooma. 10 rooms;
$2. r * to {45: sunlight all around: open.
A MODERN gunny lower flat. 5 rooms, bath;
near Park entrance. 1708 Waller st ; rent
$V2 50. '
CORNEfl Scott and Fulton; new 7 r. and b.,
$42 50 and $35; 0 large r. and b.. $50; sun
all day.
577 NOE st, near Nineteenth — Lovely, sunny,
upper 5-room modern flat; grand view; store-
room; Ju»t completed; $25; water free.
FLAT. 7 rooms and bath; sunny; convenient;
suitable for doctor. G24 Green st.
$25—5 ROOMS; modern, sunny, marine view.
1338 Union st.
THREE and four room sunny flats; rent $7
to $11. 2 Hayward ut. off Harrison, nr. 8th,
FLAT to let; 4 rooms; rent $20. 717; O'Far-
rell st, near Hyde.
GREENWICH. 2727— Upper; sunny; « rooma;
new; marine view; $25; open.
TO LET — Flat of 4 rooma; 1897 O'Farrell.
HOOKER & L3NT. 14 Post. at
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents^ — The Weekly Call,
IB paeres. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
FLATS WANTED.
FAMILY of four adults wants 8-room house or
flat in vicinity of Panhandle; rent $35. Ad-
dresa box 1834. Call office.
WANTED — Furnished flat or cottage of from 7
to 10 rooms; willing to pay good price for
desirable location. Answer box 1822. Call." 1
WANTED — Unfurn. flat, 5 rooms, bath, gas;
N. of Market; best refs. Room 1, 1002 Polk.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FLATS FOR SALE FURNISHED.
FOR sale — Snap: modern upper 6 rooms; fur-
. nlnhed; only 30 days; close in; rent $27 50.
Ill) Fourteenth st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture^ carpets.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
WANTED — Institution cook for a home, $40;
3 cooks, $30 and $35; . 2 parlormaids $25,
$30; 4 second girls, $20, $25; companion old
lady, $20; working housekeeper, $20; dorml*.
tory girl, $20; 2 cleaning women for a home,
$20; chamber work, assist waiting,- resorts,
$25; girl for candy store, $5; housework,
waiting. $.'!<>: Ross Valley, $30; 5 nuriseglrls
$15. $20. $25; French nurseglrl, $25; hotel
laundress, country commercial house, $25
and $40; 44 houseglrls. city and country,
$20, $25 and $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 334 Sutter.
HAIRDRESSING, manicuring, massage, hair
work; removal of superfluous hair .taught
' from A to Z In 2 weeks for $4 50; positions
guaranteed: $10 to $20 per week: school day
and eve. 233 Geary, r. 13; maids prepared.
HAIRDRESSING, manicuring, massage, scalp
. treatment, hair work, removal of superfluous
hair; $5 2 weeks; day and eve. class; wages
$10 to $20 wk. 1236 Market, cor. Jones, r. 04.
A — OPERATORS on ladiea' underwear; good
wages; steady position.: I. MAGNIN & CO.,
650 Mission st. : ,
A — OPERATORS wanted on ladles' waists;
good wages : steady employment. 658 Mls-
slon St.. I. MAGNIN & CO. •_.-.
A — OPERATORS wanted on children'! and in-
fants' wear; steady position; good wages. I.
MAGNIN & CO.. 056 Mission at.
BOOKBINDERY girls wanted; experienced
hands on blank work; also clrls to learn.
FRANK MALLOYE. 422 Sacramento at.
A — Practical Millinery School, estab. 14 years;
terms easy. 610 O'Farrell, for. 1000 Van Ness.
717- O'Far-
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock every eight la the.year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 627 Montgomery atreet
corner Clay; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayec etreet; open until 9:30 p. sn.
C39 McAllister street; opes until 9:30 p. m.
616 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
I Ml Mission street: cpen until 10 p. ra.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
cbUI 0 p. xn.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. rn.
1086 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner cf Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky t'reets; cpen until 9 p. m.
22C0 ni'.more rtreet : open until 9 p. n».
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA tVmmundery No. I. K. ._?—
T.— lu-trular as*emb!y THIS EVEN- Va|~
'ING at 7.."i0 o'oluck. Order of Red Ejl
trrss. All fratei> courteously Invited.
THOS H. BROWNE. Commander.
T. L. HEXPEBfiOX. P.ecorder :
PACIFIC Lodge No. 130. F. and A. M-. _
MASONIC Temple. meets THIS VV
EVENING, 7 o'clock. 3 I». /V\
GEORGE P_M_KGTOX Secretary.
SPEKANZA I:al:ana L<i.ire No. 215>. F. _
and A. If. — Third d^ree THIS <FRJ- > V\f
DAY) KVE.\JN<;. July 17. at 7 :.:« /V\
o'clock. G. SCALMANINI. Secretary.
APOLLO Lodge No. 123. I. O. O.
V.- Initlatl n This (FRIDAY) .-^nH»
NIGHT. Memorial Hall. K o'clock
ehar;x Visitors cordially Invited. ¦oftffl^*'
H. B. IXJWN1E. N. G.
„ W. F. NORCROSS, Recording Secretary.
PnEFIPIO Lodge No. S34. I. O. O. _.J»~-_,.
F. — Installation rf crf.cers THIS .^gf8(jftig<fe.
(FRIDAY) EVENING. July i;. afCjjWow
Visitors cordially invited. ~-*&?"W*^
J. O. PETERSEN, M. G.
W. H. FHAF.PE. Secretar>-.
£AN FRANCISCO Tent Nr >5£3%$?Sv
18. K. O. T. M.— Review /_&-—-iSwl
THIS (FRIDAY* EVEN- o53 A *T>_
ING. at 6 o'clock. Pioneer {pl|I Y?. *JLJ|
Hall. 24 Fourth et. \)X3 /Jrj\\£ftf
V. B RICHARDS. V^*^ft75_l>
Heccrd Keeper.
REGULAR meetir.r of the Caledonian »-y
Club THIS EVENING AT s3V,>_i,SV
o'clock. Scottish Hall. 117 Lar- ys<t?SLK&
kin ct.
A. M. MACPHER6OX, Chief.
JAS. H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Spreck-
e'» Sugar Company will be held at the office
of the company. 327 Market at.. San Fran-
cisco, en MONDAY, the 27th day of July.
11*03, at the hour of 11 a. rn.. for tfce pur-
pose of electlne a board of directors to aerve
for the ensuing year and for the transaction
of euch other business as may cone before
the inertia*. The transfer books will close
en Friday. July 24. l»03, at 3 p. m.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meetlr^ of the stockholders of the Monterey
County Water Company will be held at the
office of the company. 327 Market st. San
Francisco, on MONDAY, the 27th day of i
July. 1JW3. at the hoar of 11 :30 a. m., for j
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for tie ensuing year an'l for the
transaction of euch other business as may
cccie before tbe meeting. The transfer
books will close on Friday. July 24 1903, at
3 p. ra. W. H. HANNAM. Secretary-.
ANNUAL Meeting — The Rlsdon Iron and Lo-
comotive Work* — The anual meeting of the
ftnckholders of the Rltdon Iron and Loco-
motive Works, for the election of trustees
for the ensuing year and the transaction of
such other business as may be brought be-
fore the meeting, will be held at the office
rf the company. No. 29S Steuart street, San
Francisco, on MONDAY, the 3d day of Au- i
gust, 1903. at 11 o'clock a. m.
AUGUSTUS TAYLOR. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received application to mine by hydraulic
process from F. W. McLean In Hampton
placer mine., en McRea Ridge, Plumaa
Co.. Cal.. draining ir.to Nelson Creek.
which reaches middle fern cf Feather Riv-
er, gives notice that a meeting will be held
at room 6rt Flood b'.rtg.. San Francisco. Cal.,
July 27. 1903. at 1:30 p. ra.
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco So-
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani-
mals will be held in the Parrott building on
Monday. July 20. 1903. at 4 o'clock p. m.,
when a board cf trustees will be elected.
C. B. HOLBROOK. Secretary.
ASTROLOGY.
Astrology taupht. horoscopes cast Prof. Ray-
mond borkstore.<>4» EH's. By mall If desired.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
P.OBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
rm. €11; all cases, damages, estates, wills.
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation
free; no advance charges; call or write;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
PROMPT attention to all casts ;divorce. estates,
collection*; no fees unless successful; call or
write; eves. Tues. and Frl.: est. 15 yrs. ED-
WARD ACKLEY. B27 Market ;tel Jessie 1530.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost in meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
ca-ses: no fees in advance; open every even-
ing. J. M. THURSTON, 619 Market et. r. 3L
ADVICE free: Uivorcea a specialty ;qulc_. quiet;
bo charge without success; established 18 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market st.. opp. Hale's.
AITKEN & AITKEN. atttortieys. rs. 308-10-11
Clunie bidg.. 503 Califcrnia st. ; tel. Main 727.
WICK MATTHEWS, attorney at law 632 Mar-
fcet et.. room 23; legal advice; bank refs.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
cases: oflFn evgs. W.WJiavidson. 027 Market
L. Z. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bidg.. D27 Mar-
k>t st.: consultation free: no fee« In advance.
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC. "
YOUNG talking parrots. $5 oach;G<>rman singing
canaries. J2; we will try to pleas? you; ever>-
th'.ng In our line at right prices. 1546 Market.
BOARDING FOR CUILLttvEN.
NICE home for infants or children by one who
lovrg them. ISIS Prince St.. Berkeley.
PCSIggSS CHANCES. ,y,^-
W AliNlNCx
Investing Public.
We announce the completion of oor
Wonderful Ditching and Dredging Machine,
which will do the work of hundreds of men
and hones.
On or about July 20th.
Upon Its completion no stock win be offered
for less than $1 per share. Until then a few
ehares regain to be sold at 50c. for cash or ia-
etsHroents. Persons desiring to see this
Marvel of mechanical Ingenuity
can do go by calling at the offices of tha
NATIONAL DITCHING & DREDGING CO
C01-602-t;&3 Examiner Building!
$.'«>— O.VE-CHAIR shop for eale Ui niining
town: no opposition: good trade; shaving "5c-
rent g.*». Inquire Call office.
FOU SALE— Daily r.ew*.pai«-r route in Califor-
nia town of 2">,0O; i>ajii well; clean work
Address M. J. T_j Call office.
GOOD clear stand and card room at a bar-
gain; owner *ick. K.*.f> Market st.. room 5.
f73 — CIGAR etand: sacrificed If taken to-
day; leaving city; earnest business. 1022
Market, room 4.
ETALLS in general market for rent; apace
euitable for grocery, delicatessen store and
creamery. Call 2614 Mission at
HAIRDRESSING parlors; cheap: value in sight-
good location; retiring. 1 153 Mkt. bct.7th-Sth.'
CORNER saloon business, near Market Bt for
caie. \ery cheap. <5 Var> Neac ave.
DELICATESSEN. dairy. produce; 4 living
rooms; r«-nt *15; good location. 2&03 16th.
OUTSIDE route No. 4 this paper for Bale
' Inquire hardware aiore. 10th and FoUom ats
BAKEKY and delicacy store for eale- must be
cold; owner going away. 715 McAllister st.
AN ou<*M» mute for sale. Apply Call office.
CAR PET-nE ATI N I NG.
AIR. compressed, dry, ice cold, is new univer-
sally used In sanitarily cleaning carpets on
floor, without removal or injury: Prices mod
crate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call b!g. ; phone Main 5237.
"WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDINGS Pioneer Ciiret-bea?
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama gt.: til. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet -beating Co.. J McQueen
proprietor. 329 Guerrero gt.; tel. ilUsion 49!
TRY HOPKE BROS., excellent carpet cleaning-
phone Bufh CZ1. 411-413 Powell *t.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st •
U.1. aaia -Q4. Geo. WALCOM & CO.. Props.'
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet -beating~wo-k»; pricea
reasonable. I7U3 Harrison st; tel. Mi&slon 2ttt.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beatlns Works
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone F.ast 126.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
ADVICE free; bad tenants ejected epted'ly CO^
LUMRIAN LAW AGCY.. r. 85. 010 Market-
tel. Itcd CIS; collections; gen' I law business!
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made-
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms fl-10; tel. 55S0.
CHIROPODISTS.
CUN'LAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 60 Geary— AH
—lme-Bts cf the feet cured; corns, bunions, etc.
LODGIXG-IIOL'SES FOR SALE.
H? C DECKER. 9C6 MARKET ST.
COR STOCKTON & ELLIS. Phone John 531.
ESTABLISHED IN THIS CITY IN* 1877.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES.
HOTELS AND FLATS.
I OFFER THE FOLLOWING BARGAINS'. |
8 rooms, modern flat. ne>y furn $ 500 ,
20 rooms, eunny. N. Market, cor., only 1,700
21 rooms] only $200 cash snap, clears
J1C0 500
15 rooms, sunny cor.; modern, newly
furnished, well rented 1.C0O
115 rooms, modern apartment-house.... 6.5C0
156 rooms, new, sunny corner apart-
ment house, reduced 12.000
50 rooms, near Powell and Market 4,H).l
S rooms, choice location, forced sale.. 225
S rooms, nicely furn.. owner sick.... 250
50 room corner house, only 3,500
21 room?, only ?."t00 cash. bal. pay'ts. 1.10*1
11 rooms, onlv $150 cash .550
12 rooms, on Geary at., near Powell.. 850
26 rooms, on Market, clears $200 l,( ; 50
24 rooms, on Grant ave.. only 2,400
12 rooms, new furniture, cost $1200.... COO
4S rooms, clears. $3<H) j>er month 5,000
'M rooms] on Howard st.. clears $200.. 1,700
!V> rooms elegant corner, clears $:55O. . 5.SH0
Hotel and bar. 8G rooms, clears ?50O. . . 10.000
24-room house on Howard at" 350
100 houses from 5 to .'00 rooms; all prices.
H. C. DECKER. 900 Market st. cor. Stockton.
100 ROOMS; house for men: rent $140 $+000
68 rooms; south of Market; rent $100. 2000
24 rooms; corner; part cash: bal. easy. 850
II rooms; rood income; rent $20 350
21 rooms: water front; rent $40: lease. 050
120 rooms; good lease; i low rent 6500
r>7 rms. :apartments; Western Add; rent.' 250
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouses. flats. 5 to 100 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny at.
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 406 Examiner bidg. —
Hotels, apartment houses, flats and
ROOMING HOUSES.
$250— 15-ROOM lodging-house; greatest snap
ever heard of. 1032 Market st., room 4.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SPIRITUALISM.
ETHEL CRINDLE. materializing eeance, Fri-
day evening, 60c 1115 Post at, 8 p. m."
MEDIUM card reader; readings 25c- sittings
<ia'.!y ;ladlf s only. 252 Natoma, bet.Sd and 4th. ,
JOHN SLATER, circle to-night, 8:15 sharp;
private readings. 10 to 4. 330 O'Farrell st
KATIE HEl'SSMAN* circle Friday evening,
25c: sittings dally. 1000 Harrison Et.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— CALL AT ONCE AND SAVE $2.
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
$1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1.
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and '
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guurantec to
mak*> you no charge if I fall to tell your name,
occupation and what you, called for; I promise
to tell you whether husband, wife or sweet-
heart is true or false; to tell whom and when
you will marry: in fact, I will tell you every
hope, fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself. He restorps lost affection*, reunites
the separated, causes speedy and happy mar-
riages, makes you successful and prosperous,
cures disease and lost vitality without medi-
cine locates hidden treasures; hours 10 a. m. to
8 p.' m. ; Sundays 2 to 8. 326 O'Farrell st. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOU3
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third at, next Exam-
iner bidg.; she reads your life correctly,
gives an accurate description of the past, re-
veals the present happenings and portrays 1
events to occur in the future: if you are in
trouble, discontented or not satisfied in life,
or have domestic, love or business troubles,
ooneult this great medium and you will be
told how to overcome them; valuable advice
in all affaire of life; 25c up; satisfaction
guaranteed: readings by mall. Tel Black 1500.
A — CASHMIRE the eminent trance clairvoyant
adept can be consulted regarding all matters of
business love, marriage, divorce. property,
speculation changes, law, reuniting separated,
etc.; everything revealed: secret power to
chanse Influence or control any one or anything
as you' wish in 3 to 21 days; reduced fees for
this week. 10O7"-4 Market st, bet. tith and 7th.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
st. cor. Turk: private readings daily. 10 a.
ni.' to 5 p. m. : readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1:
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of Mrth; don't send currency. Send postofflce.
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
X MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader born with a doub!« veil and sec-
ond sight; tells the past, present and future;
ladies. 50c: gents. $1; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting. $1 5<V 126 Turk st-
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERG, palmist, clairvoy-
ant, card reader, will give you a good read-
ing. 10c, for a short time only; when others '
fail try me to convince yourself. 402 Frank-
lin, near Grove.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice:
names given; 25c up. 5 4th st.. near Market.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
26H Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c, gents 50c
A wonder: have you seen her? LELA, palmist ;
and clairvoyant 277 14th st.. near Mission.
MRS. SHAFER. 'clairvoyant card reader: slt-
tlngg dally. 44SH Jessie at. bet 5th and Cth.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE. 0 rooms, bath and yard; fine view.
' 1323 Washington et.. near Jones.
DEXTISTS.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market. nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
j from $h per set: extracting. 50c; gag given.
REMOVAL.
DR. C. W. RICHARDS, dentist, has re-
moved from 47 Post st. to Mutual Hank bl<ig.,
room «14, corner Geary and Kearny sta.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates. $5; full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 &> up; crowns. $2 up; fillings, 25c.
GOLD flllincs 75c. silver 35c. crowns $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewitt.204 Sutter.
10 PER CENT oft* this month; estimates free.
New York Dentists. 905> Mission tt, cor. 6th.
DRESSMAKERS A: SEA3ISTRESSKS.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
DYEING AND CI.EA.fING.
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. 3915 Sacramento; phone
lor wagoi. TTest 453. H. HICKMAN. pres.
EDUCATIONAL.
GALLAGHER^MARSH BUSINESS^COLLEgBT
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had; in-
dorsed by official court reporter*. 1382 Mkt
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket st; special summer course In all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
chip, $50; day and evening sessions.
HEALDS School of Mines & Electriclty.24 Post
et.. S. F. : a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
THE Berlitz School of Languages has removed
to 1000 Van Ness ave.; rates reduced during
cummer. Send for catalogue.
DANC1NO Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall. Howard
St.. near Ninth; management Prof. Fdster.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. min.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. e\'e. ; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A SUMMER echool of shorthand and bookkeep-
ing; enroll now and be ready for position in
fall. S. F. Business College. 1236 Market st
SPANISH Academy — Professor Arribaa: classes
day and evening; private lessons. 834 Sutter.
LESSONS given in Water Color or Oil Palnt-
Ing from Nature. CURRIER. 372 Sutter st
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing
etc.. day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mlsslon.nr.6th.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. loth.
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkpg. $8 mo.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st. S. F.;
founded 1Kfi3- new So-r>age catalogue fr«M*.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post et; tel. Bush~135_
Japanere-Chlnese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
CAN supply 15 Japanese laborers on quick no-
tice for farm work and picking fruit Ad-
dresa H. ICHIYASU. 1221 3d st.. Sacramento.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese,
Chinese help. 420 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp Office 415
Stockton: tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Mail 51SS.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 year«
Tel. Main 1OT7. HRADLKT Sr CO.. <U0 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
WOMAN, day worker, would like place for Sat-
urday; $1 23 and car fare. MRS. SIEBOLD
350 Fifth at. -
YOUNG German girl wishes a situation, up-
stairs work and % assist with washing and
cooking: Jewish family preferred. Box 18GG.
Call office, Oakland.
HELP WANTED— MALE— Con.
AT THE CAL] EMPLOYMENT AGENCY^
. 5& Third 1 st, nr. Call bidg.; phone Bush 405.
. -t; free fare.
. nevada and utah,
s. p. co.'s own work.
500 laborers. $1 75 to $2 25 a day.
100 section men in all parts of California.
WE SHIP DAILY.
CARPENTERS ft CARPENTER HELPERS.
10 tlmbermen, $2 60 a day.
10 carpenters, $2 60 a day.
CHATSWORTH PARK TUNNEL.
FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
' 10 tunnelmen, $3 a day.
TUOLUMNE COUNTY TO-DAY.
FREE FARE.
48 lumber handlers, road graders, mHlyard
men,' woodsmen, etc., $35 to $00 a month and
board; steward for big ocean steamship, $60:
90 other flrst-class Jobs. See us.
3 woodchoppers. redwood. $1 25 cord.
Silver man, hotel, near city, $20 and found.
Man to pack furniture, city, $2 a day.
CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
5fr Third st.
TRY our men' b shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third st.. Examiner bidg.
WANTED — For the U. a Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and 35;
good character; must speak, read and wrlta
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
In all parts of the world, on land In our isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations in the
United States. Apply at recruiting office. 40
Ellis st. San Francisco. Cal.; 222V* N. Main
st, Los Angeles. Cal.. and 401 K st. Sacra-
mento. Cal. *
WANTED — Man to go ehort distance from the
city; one who has a general knowledge of
dry goods, fancy goods, cloaks and suits;
state age, experience and salary expected.
Apply box 1S30. Call.
A BARGAIN — First-class barber shop, doing a
good business, in business portion of San
Jose, for sale; good reason for selling. Ad-
dress D. WHITE. 12 East San Fernando st.
San Jose. . =
WANTED — Laborers, drillers, rockmen and
rough carpenters for ditch and flume work.
Apply at office. PUcervllle. Cal.. or room 14.
26 Montgomery at. San Francisco Construc-
tion Co.
PICK bops in August; enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for men. women and
children. Call or write to E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery at. San Pranclaco.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
months to complete and secure positions;
catalogue and full particulars mailed free.
Moler System Barber College, 635 Clay at.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 60 to $3 per week.
YOUNG man willing to work outside of school
•hours for his tuition. CAL. BUSINESS
COLLEGE. 306 Larkin st.
WANTED — Planer man; must be experienced
and capable of caring for machine; country
mill. Room 26, 6th floor. Mills bidg., city.
WANTED — Experienced quartz miners; ttate
age. places previously employed. Box 1826,
CaII office.
WANTED — A number of good machinists;
standard wages: state last place employed.
Box 1825. Call office.
WANTED — Several boilermakers for work out
of city; good wages; state experience. Box
1827. Call office. ¦
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third at. Examiner bidg.
BOY In tin shop; learn trade; age 16 years.
533 Mission st. ¦
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; cata-
logue. a F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
ELDERLY man to assist on light woodwork
and polishing. Box 1S06. Call office.
MEN wanted to take contract cutting boilers.
Apply BERCOVICH. 6th and Webster. Oak Id,
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoe*.
60c up; soling cheap. 023 Howard st. nr. 8th.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
bidg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas PostG.A.R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200' Fillmore.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half-
price. 563 Mission at. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AXD WAGOXS.
60 HEAD of fresh dairy cows for sale at $70
per head. Address THOMAS A. McCOY.
Gonzales, Monterey Co., Cal.
ON account of going to build, entire stock of
wagons, buggies and harness must be sold at
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia sts.
SURREYS, buggtea and carts cheap at 100
Golden Gate e.~e.
RARE chance; 7 good horses; must be sold.
327 Sixth st
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. M2 Mission st
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let: send for
circular. G.H.UMBSEN & CO.,14Montgomery
BAKER. 2118, cor. Jackson — A nicely furnished
. corner house; 11 rms., bath. basement; stable;
choice location for a doctor; $75 per month.
HOUSE. 8 rooms and bath; 140 Carl at. near
Cole. Rent. $37 50.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post at
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
A WELL furnished house, piano. 10 rooms;
very eunny; fine location: 1375 Masonic ave.
Apply MADISON & BURKE.
LIVFRY STABLES.
TOMKINSON'S livery stables. 67-50-61 Minna
st. bet. 1st and 2d — Vehicle* of every de-
scription for hire at most reasonable rates;
cut rates for strangers. Telephone Main 153.
LOST AXD FOUXD.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of JANE BERNARD. No. 127-200. The
finder will please return to bank,
Lost — On Devisadero, ' prize bowl. mkd. L Rus-
sell; rewd. Dr. J. W. Hamilton. 542 Shrader.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of MRS. MARY SULLIVAN: No. 170-
13S0. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — On Saturday, July 11, a bunch of about
20 keys. Please return to MISS S. CUL-
. LEN, room 79, Chronicle bidg; reward $5.
LOST — At Broadway and Franklin st, coat
containing papers and books; reward of $15;
no questions asked. 530 Fell st
IT W H1 pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints; instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience. 728 Post st, near Jones.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market St., opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
ed; advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
DR. ROSEN. 2995 Folsom, cor. 26tl» — Ladles'
exclusive office and home where relief Is ob-
tained in all cases taken; consultation free.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees, j
MATERNITY Villa; strictly private. MRs!
DR. FUNKE. 1418 Eighth St.. Alameda.
Drs. Goodwin,' 733 Turk. nr.'.Van Ness — Expert
in obstetrics, female comp.; 23 yrs. exper'nee.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS.
- original method of treatment. 112U Market st.
DR. NG TOY KEE, 319 Powell at., opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH &, WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
ALL our goods delivered on first payment: you
can buy from us- diamonds, watches. Jewelry,
sealskins, men's tailor-made clothing, trunks!
suit cases, on a very small weekly payment;
no Interest cha-ged; It will pay y&u to ex-
amine our goods and prices: established 1850
' LICHTENSTE1N BROS.. 25 Stockton st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? . ~ •
Repair; it with elaterlte; In rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or' shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st
SECOND-HAND machinery, .boilers, engines,
pumps, water pipe, bought, sold, rented and
exchanged. See Sunday's papers. H.S. WHITE
MACHINERY COMPANY, 130-132 Beale st
A — Fine suits, $7 60; dress pants. ?2 60. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny at.
near Bush; open to 0 p. m. Sunday to noon.
FRESH young Durham cow, 18 quarts rich
milk dally; gentle. 1694 San Bruno.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU-
¦ GENE RILEY & SONS. 100 Vallejo st.
r ; r^__srC /f t Sp
If good meat you should want, at a price that Is fair.
Search The Dally Call Ads, you are sure to find there
Addresses of butchers who'll be glad of your trade
And who'll say through such ads great advances they've made.
Indeed, none will deny what we hear every day,
They get good through The Call and Its ads always pay.DOWNIEVILLE, July 16.— Henry K.
Tuner, one of Slenra County's most promi
nent citizens, died at Sattley this morn-
Ing at the age of 74 years. He was a
member from this district In the upper
house of the Legislature during the
eighteenth, nineteenth, twentieth and
twenty-flrst sessions. He was also a dele
gate to the Constitutional Convention
of 187S.
Death Closes Pioneer's Career.
Adolph G. and Katy E. Trefz to Tomaso
Cuneo lot on SW corner of Pacific Kvenue and
Larkin etreet, 8 27:8V4 by W 112:6; $10.
Grace C. and L. N. Bukofsky, Alice J. VI
eno, Henrietta T. and Isaac H. Robinson to
WllhelmUia A. F. Eddelbuttel, lot on N line
of Broadway. 101:8 E of Polk, E £6:6 by N
137 :« quitclaim deed; $10.
Wiihelmlna A. F. Eddelbuttel to William S.
Free, same; $10.
Mary J. and George W. Harmau to Emma
Williamson, lot on S line of Filbert Btreet.
20tt:5>4 E of Gough. E 25 by S 187:6; *5. .
John V. Campbell to Elizabeth S. Herrlck,
lot on E line of Pierce street, 55 N cf Green.
N 27:6 by E 103:6; $10.
John 'and Luna Stlerlen to Abbie P. Hans
com. lot on E line of Clayton street. '-478:3*4
5 of Frederick. S 26:1% by E 101:3; $10.
Leo and Flora Gilbert - to Marcu* S. Kosh-
Und, lot on W lln« .of Maple street*. 45:7% 8
of Jackson, S 66-1 by W 117:0: $10.
Hannah M. Donnelly to Adam and Frled
erlcke Sauer. lot on.E line of No« street, 115:9
6 of Market. S 25 by E; 100; $10.; s... ;.-...
Fernando and Julia' A. Nelson to Gustave A]
WEDNESDAY. JULY 15.
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
TUCSOX, A. T.. July IS.— Jack Mather,
a freight brakeman on tbe Southern
Pacific Railroad, was attacked by a gang
of hobos near Pantano station to-day,
who boarded the train and demanded to
be carried to the next station. Mather
ordered them oft the train. Tha leader
drew a big knrfe and rushed at Mather,
who pulled a six-shooter and fired twice,
killing tt.e hobo.
Brakeman Kills Vicious Tramp.
TUCSON. A. T., July 16.— A Tombstone
special to the Star says: James Bennett,
a well-known freighter at Fairbanks. A.
T., was committed to Jail to-day on the
charge of smuggling Chinese across tha
line from Mexico. Bennett was arrested
Tuesday night on the road near the Mexi
can line while driving toward Tombstone.
Six Chinese were concealed in his wagon,
none of whom had certificates. One
Chinese claimed that he had paid a whlto
man' $2(0 on the promise that he would
be taken safely into the United State*.
Smuggler Goes to Jail.
WASHINGTON; July 18.— Rural free deliv
ery will be established at Hlllsboro. ¦VTa*hlne
ton County, Or., August 1. with one carrier.
Woodward J. Martinez la appointed a rural
letter carrier and John Martinez a subatltuw
at Berkeley. Cal.
A pestoffice Is established at Retreat. Si»
kiyou County, Cal.. wtth Dewitt C. Brown
postmaster.
Fourth class postmasters appointed: Cali
fornia— Manhattan, Los Angeles County. John
B. Merrill, vice Stewart Merrill. r*s!?ned.
Washington — Berlin. King County. MUlartJ
F. Smith, vice Bernard A. Baerlocher, re
signed; Rossburg. Stevens County. J. R. Hall,
vice Joha U. Bergn. resigned: Covelo. Colum
bia County. Cyrtllus B. Motslnger. vice S. S.
Stone, resigned; Elberton. Whitman County.
William M. Renfrew, vice H. W. Roberta, re
signed; Fisher. Clark County. George W. Cole.
vice A. D. Danforth. resigned; Hamilton.
Skagit County, George W. Wilson, vice James
J. Conner, resigned; Lacrosse. Whitman
County. \V. C. Fudg». vice T. H. Shots, re
signed; Lamona. Lincoln County. Curtis F.
Dlxon. vice Emlle E. Mayer, resigned; L-on.
Adams County. Samuel W. Gaskill. vie* W.
G. Norton, resigned; Manor. Clark County.
Alexander Hlgdon, vice John Cramer, re
signed; Newcastle, King County. Selgfrled A.
J. Dora, vice L. G. Terry, resigned; Pln». Jef.
ferson County, Frances B. Elliott, vice C. VI.
Johnson, resigned.
An examination will be held at Oakland.
Cal.. August 15. 1903. for watchman In the
Federal building;, salary $660.
Large Number of Postmaster* in
Washington Resign and Their
Places Are Filled.
OF INTEHEST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
George and Ines Fredericks (wife) to. Charles
United Realty Company (owners) with L. B.
Plblry (contractor), architects Hemenway &
Miner Exeavatlnff, pumping.- bulkhfadtng and
filling for building on NE corner of Third and
Sherwood streets, N 25 by E 77:6; $1150
Andrew Carl (owner) with Henry Munster
(contractor), architects Kldd & Anderson— All
work except mantels, xbades, sas fixtures for
a two-story frame building (two flats) on S
line of Twentieth street. 25 W of Hampshire,
W °5 by S 102; $5100.
A'ustln Green-Uiwnor) with William B. Eaton
(contractoV). architect George Stlerlen-All
•work for a two-story frame building on W line
TfNoe street. ,7« S of Henry. .8 2« by W 0«;
Adele F Soher (owner) with Alfred Legault
(contractor), architect Charles J. Rousseau— All
work except mantels, gas fixtures, shades, til
ing, finish hardware, excavation, brick and con
crete work and asphaltum work, for a three-
Mory frame bulldins with attic and basement
(flats) also two- story barn on E line of Pierce
street.' 100 N of McAllister. N 37 :tt byE 130.
W A* 381* SS700. 1 • ' ¦¦ • •'-•' - '
Richard Lutge (owner) with Mager Brothers
(contractors), architect Theodore W. Lenzen—
AH work' for a two-story frame ¦ building, on
SW corner of Eighteenth street and Treat ave
""Rosa f J 'Boyd and Jean M. Rowell (owners)
with James Giary (contractor), architect Joseph
W Rowell— Alterations and additions to
building in rear and erection of a four-etory
frame building. 622, Geary street; $11,250.
¦ Henry Kahn (owner) with Thomas H. Days'
Sons (contractors), -architects Cunningham &
Pollteo — Carpenter work.' «*sh. doors, glass,
stairs and hardware for alterations and addi
tions to a . three-story brick building on NE cor
ner of Van Ness and Golden Gate avenues, N
120 by E 109; $8790. .^ -^
Same owner with Cronans Eagle Cornice
Works (contractors), architects same — Tinning,
galvanized Iron work for same on aame; $1535.
Alameda County.
State of California (by E. J. Smith. Tax
Collector) (property assessed to Patrick S. Mc-
Mahon) to W. R. Arnold, lot on N line of
Twenty-eighth street. 150 W of Dolores. W
37:0>4, NE 117:0. E 3. SW 20. S M; $135.
John C. Anderson to Central Trust Company
of California, -lot on E line of Sanchez street,
20:0 S of Valley. S 75 by E 100; $10.
Dennis Murphy to Thomas J. Scriven, lot
on NE corner of Twenty-ninth and Sanchez
streets N.2t>:(5 by E 100; $10.
State of California (by E?~J. Smith. Tax
Collector) (property assessed to Margaret J.
Sacada) to Peter M. Dlers. lot on N line of
Twenty-second street. 113:9 W of Diamond,
W 25 by N tW, block 2. Noo Garden Tract: $33.
John B. and Catherine Olsen to Emily
O'Neill lot on SW lino of Zoe Street. 60 SE
of Welsh SE 20 by SW «0: $10.
Isabella McPhilcmey to Matthew Smith, lot
on S line of Minna street. 95 W of Third. W
20 by S 70; gift «
State of California (by E. J. Smith. Tax
Collector) (property assessed to Joseph Ward)
to W. R. Arnold, lot on E line of Twenty
first avenue 100 N of A street. N 25 by E 120;
$53 ' ' *
State or California (by E. J. Smith. Tax
Collector) (property assessed to F. Millies.
George F. Bronner. agent) to same. lot on E
line of Twelfth avenue. 225 N of A street. N
25 by E 120; $05.
Phebe A. Hearst (by attorney) to B. M.
Lombard, block bounded by U and V streets,
Fifteenth and Sixteenth avenues; $10.
State of California (by E. J. Smith. Tax
Collector) (property assessed to Johanna F.
Clark*) to Peter M. Diers. lot on W line of
Dougl»ss . street. 25 N of Caselll avenue. N
25 by W 150. block 1. Ploche and Robinson
subdivision: $105. * . ;
Gustavo M and Elisabeth K. Schoeppe to
Peder J and 'Annie Thorsen. lot on SW line
of Sixteenth avenue. 160 NW of K «treet. NW
25 by SW 100. block 328. South San Francisco
Homestead and Railroad Association; $10.
Armstead D. and Peter H. Burnett to Peter
and Elizabeth Connolly, lot on SW line of
Paul avenue 50 NW-of Ware street. NW CO
by SW 60, block 7, Garden Tract; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Nelson, lot on E line of Castro street. 51 :C S
Of Twentieth. S 25 by E 105; $10.
M. L. Wurta (single) to Mrs. Max M. Levy,
lot on S line of Railroad avenue, ICO E of St
Charles street. E 50 by S 125. being E lot of
two lots. (2> and 70, map Enclnal Park Tract,
etc.. as recorded, Alameda; $800.
¦ ¦ Max M. Levy, to Henrietta or Mrs. Max M.
Levy (wife), same, being lot 70, lame map,
etc.. Alameda; gift.
Charles H. and Ena Bradley to First Pres
byterian Church of Alameda (a . corporation)
lot on NE corner of Santa Clara avenue and
Chestnut street. E 100 by N 150. portion of
lots 1 and 2. block 0. lands adjacent to Enclnal,
balance of description of fourth deed In trans
cript 3797, July 3, 1903. Alameda: $10.
Mary E. and H. C. Morris, and as attorney
to J. A. Clover, lot on W line of Pearl street.
115.(50 S of Ruby. S 35.12, W BO.2U, N 35, E
100, lot 53 and s? 10 feet of lot 64, map Ameri
can Investment Union Tract No. 1, Oakland:
$.10. .
J. A. and Mattie M. Clover to Cassie L.
Hutchison »widow). lot on S line of Twen
tieth (or Delger) street. 310 :5U W of Tele
graph avenue. W 31:8 by 8 8(5. Oakland: $10.
F. J. Woodward and Roy and Ida H Mau
vais to William R. Davis. lot on S line of Sev
enteenth street. 155.35 E of San Pablo avenue
S 101.95. N 50.90. - etc.. W 86.74, etc . N 45*
E S4, etc.. N. 20, etc.. E 52. lots 29, 30 and porl
tion lots 31 and 32. block B. map survey made
for G. C. Potter March 28, '77, for sale April
1». *77.|Oakland; $10. __ -
Anna F. de GolU (wife of Darwin C.) to
James McCusker. lot on NE corner of East
Twelfth and Twenty-third (or Twenty-fourth)
avenue). N 50 by E 100. East Oakland: $10.
E. E. Peese (widow) to Joseph C. Joseph,
lot on N line of Bay View avenue, 100 E of
Orange street. E 50 by N 141. lot 31, lnocK
25. Warner Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10i.
Henry Barkmeyer ( single) to Ervln* Bow
ers, lot 0, block B, Linda Ro«a Tract " (cor
rected), Fnutvale; $10.
Carl C. A. and Ida F. A. Petersen to Bank
of Alameda. lot on S line of Santa Clara ave
nue. 150 W of Oak street. W 50 by 3 217:8.
lot 13, block :;<;. lands adjoining to Enctnal,
except N 10 feet for widening said avenue.
Alameda; also lot on SE corner of Moss and
Dwindle streets, E 120 by S 133, lot 5, block
5, map State University Homestead Associa
tion No. 3, Berkeley; $10.
Eliza A. Bogle (widow) to Mary H. Abbay
(wife of James M.). lot 20. block 12. amended
map Central Park, Alcatraz and Newbury
stations. Berkeley: U0.
Mary A. Tuthill to- George W. Tuthlll, lot on
S line of Dwight way. 55 E of Hlllegass ave
nue. E 65. S 145.27. W 55.19, N 140.65, lot 2.
plat blocks A to D, of map 3, Hillegrass tract
Berkeley: gift. %
S. Bcoth and.E. B. Norton, lot on NE corner
of Second and Jefferson streets. N 100 by E
150, lots 1 to 4 and 20 to 2S. block 21. Kellers
berger's map. subject to lease (recorded July
15, l'JOiJ). Oakland; »2O.00O.
Agnes V. Walter (wite of O. H.) to Frank IL
Graham, Jot on \V line of Market street. t>8 N
cf Nolan 'or Thirty-third. N .'52 by W 116, por
tion lot 15, block P. • property Central Land
Company trecorded July 15. 1003), quitclaim
deed. Oakland; $100.
Frank H. Graham (single) to Edward L.
Blair, same. Oakland: grant.
Jennte S. Naismlth (single) to Hugh S. Aid
rich (single), lot on W line of Linden street.
150 N of Twenty-fourth. N 50 by W 132. block
«40, Hoard man' s map. Oakland; $10.
French Savings Bank to Oakland and East
Side Railroad Company, right of way for rail
road nnd telegr*aph line to the extent of 30 feet
In width, being 15 feet on each side of center
line as same is now surveyed, and right to
maintain and operate same through 45.72 acpes,
beginning at a point on the N line of J. D.
Peralta homestead tract, thence SE 10.84
chains, S\V* 24 chains to creek, thence down
same 3.90 chains, thence along line lal.l by
cne Thomas Crane SW 21.10 chains, SW 11.43
chains, NE 55.35 chains to beginning, lot 3,
J. D. Peralta homestead tract, quitclaim deed.
Oakland Township; $10.
Robert and Mrs. Mary A. Duggan to J. A.
Marshall, lots 1 to 3. 15 and 16; block L, map
Leonard tract. Berkeley; $100.
1HE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; FKIDAY, JULY 17, 1903.
LONDON. July 16.— W. E. Ashton. descrlb-
Ins himself as an American Journalist and au
thor, who. was arrested here on the charge of
f orpins checks for ?2«00 in the name of Laird,
Schools & Co. -of Philadelphia, has been com
m>W for trial at tbe Old Bailer.
BLOOMINGTON. 111.. July 18.— Maucs Jor
dine lias been declared not sullty of (!m mur
der of her 2-year-old slater last Thursday
evening, the preliminary h»»riM «»<tl*« wtUi
her dismissal.
13
R J^^_CSTATE ! —CITV— TOR SALE, j
THCMA8 MAGEE & BOSS,
Real Estate Agent*. 5 Montgomery et.
clay-street" residence / lot.
Magnificent l«t o n North ei<ie of Osjr et..' clos«
to Lafayette Square.-
CO leet front by 127:8 feet deep.
1 r * 6l< 3'ace locality in the city, «ur-
to a fiae E<juar« and close to downtown.
J1S.00O.
SITTER-ST. BUILDING LOT.
>.orth eld*-, near Devlnadero: 3 fine-sized lots.
».tn a depth of 137:« leet • ftreet and sidewalk
• nitUTSinired; granite curbing: cars passing
cose to It; Devtsaarre-st. car line; lot level
-•nd ready to build on; cheapest piece of prop-
erty be;ng offered to-day in that neighborhood.
PRICE. Sll OW
THOMAS MAGKiT&ToNP.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
• No. 5 Montpomery- i
rOWELL STREET. ]
Rents fSO r<0 a month'; fo'yr-stery franv build-
isjf; three flats and two ¦tores; on Powell St..
• in pood renting localitv; will always stay
rented.
This is a Fp!<T;4Sd buy.
W. J. GLK.\.
£30 CALIFORNIA ST.
_, (Savirps ITnlon Building).
Only $1500 each; Just 2 left of those very de- |
Flrable lots, ties: sii.- «th ave.. north of j
L&ki>: 2.'ixl20; location a!l that can be de- j
*ir*d: tint view; elevated «Tid looking into
Preslfiio: strv-ei ended, macadamized and
fewered; lots |rr;cU-d. n ffw steps from the
electric car*; fit •- irfidomes about to be I
erected on Us*- lot* EBtdi P" and look at the I
cless of hnus's a':roa<;v butlt en r.th ave.: no .
wonder prcix>rty on 5th, t;h pnd 7th aves..
north of Lake. Is in demand: the neighbor- ]
hood is petabl^!;^-d vi(h beautiful and costly
homes; tht l^«t lots <>n any of <he :> avenues j
that '-an \*- nlirai-i.d M chsap; If a buyer j
wants to B«t on*> of tbCM lots In installments ¦
call and we can arrange for easy i-aynvnts j
to EUit.
ANOTHER CHOICE LOT.
t2(KVi — w»*t !lne of 7th ave.. near the Presidio i
wall: 2.'>xl2(»: arc an <:fT< red $17.'>0 for It; our ;
»-i»rn« are on nil t.iese lots.
fK.'-o each — Choice marine view lots; north !
• Fide Vmofi. west from Broderlck; 25x100; j
ready for building; cars pass; easy pay- j
muiis.
f2.vxt each— V.vii-'ocated lots; north sid» j
1'r.inn, ne<ir Pent. 25xllf»; very desirable; '
W. J. Gl'NN. W> California st.
CH A P.MING Mill Valley is growing very f»*t |
New houses are rpringing up en all sides.
Land values art Increasing rapidly. Lycn & :
Hoag have placd a new tract on the market-, ;
right «t the station, and are selling lots at j
from $k to $12 per front foot on terms of lo !
per cent cash, oalance $10 monthly. Over SO ,
lot* have be« «=ol<l recently. Streets are ;
rraded. water mains laid, electric lights, j
ftc. : i.« -. . oil tr**s. Don't delay, but ret :
In on the prounJ floor. Branch office. Mill
VeHey, open Sundays. Send for booklet, j
LYON & HOAO. 116 Montgomery st. '
FOR SALE — House of 8 rooms, high bas«- j
mert; sunny side of Nineteenth ex.. between i
Valencia and Mission: must sell; no reason- j
able ofTer refused. STEPHENS & CO.. 221 |
Powell Ft. !
THE BCTLPXSa OOXSTBUCTXOSe COM- !
PANY. 6X1-612 Ca'lachan buiMfng. will buy |
you a lot and build you a house; small cash ;
payrr.er.t; *n pfr inoi.th pays priadpA] and j
' , Internet on each ?l<i(ifl of balance due. j
WHOLE bl«vk of houses j-JFt started near the j
Park on Carl. Oole.S'hrader & Parnassus ave. ;
plars terras, prioes. t# suit; Bpplv premises.
JAMES BOCXTBEE & CO.. 1"7 Carl st.
JCEW houF** arid flats on Second ave. and C ¦
st. fir sale en ea*y payments; cne block to )
McAllister cars; prices ti suit you; open,
J27M — HOUSE. 6 rooms; bath; 2 patest clo?-
*ti=: f table; nice garden; bargain. Box 1193,
Call office.
¦ rOS Rale — New 7-room modern cottage; nicely
decorated: easy terms. 27 Lizzie, nr. 30th j
«jid Mi—Inn Arr>!>' owner. C252 Mission si_ !
INVESTMENT? i=cuth cf Market et. from $15QJ !
to $15.<»00, raying from 10 to 15 per cent- 1
Syndicate Ir.vertmest Co.. 207 Montgomery, i
HOME lets in the Mission, 1500; JXO monthly;
no inu-rpst. Owner. OCe Ciay ft., twa 1.
• REAL ESTATE Country— For Sale, j
FOR «ALE BY '
DEAN & MITCHELL.
1C2 Broadway. Oakland.
Or.iy $16 per eTe for the finest MK-ep ranch
la the State; IMxi acnes; ffneed and !
crossf enced : S-room hard finished house, ;
Kirn 100xl2i»; other outbuildings, corrals.
dipping !>enf; plenty of tprircs all over'
the land; 200 acres timber: u Vuha Co.; I
this will bear the strictest Invefctlgation. I
. SZZ>00 will buy a fine paying madhouse of IS i
room*, barn and bar, with bar trade of j
*15 r*r <iay: 1 acre; Junction <;f 4 roads; '
re*n?d fr,r $50 £*t month.
$1500 — 100 acres, 6-fOOtn house, e:c. ; stock.
"2 horsey ] r-w. Vt poats. duckfe, chick- j
en?, etc.; aimes-t gl\en away for quick J
ssle.
ALFALFA land* Etocfc ranches, orchards. !
vineyard?: !r.f,'.»ctfi bargains: monthly cata- i
Uvuf sent tree. C M. WOOSTER CO.. C4S .
Market St.
AUMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA IlEAL, ESTATE.
JL£T V. iiXr~VUU~AUt: LOOKING FOB!
A PP.ETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Furrcur.i"d ry flowers and fruit trees; near
train ar.d echoole; only $2£&U; lot 75x125.
Nice tj-rccm cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
TV] Orsr.-i 14C1. ir/V) Park St.. Alameda. i
BEBKELE1' ADVERTISEMENTS
DEIIKELEY REAL ESTATE.
AJ*x. Murdock & Co.. Lorin station. Berkeley —
f>&! estate broker*, owner*, builder*, etc. •
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
CF51CE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKI.AM) REAL ESTATE.
$100 DOWN — In Piedmont; mocthljr pay-
ments; cottage of 5 rooms, all In nice
condition; cloze to cars; Etreet work all
AcM;
$3000 — Nearly new, modern colcnial cottage cf
6 room*, high basement, brick foundation,
porcelain bath, *anitary plumbing, all In
£ae condition; let ."•'•xl-J<.» (cote the slz*;;
rtreet work all done; Ft one sidewalks
laid; rpen lawn; choice residence loca-
tion; near Grove St.; fine barn, gravel I
driveway, garden and a few fruit tree*; I
must be sold; owner away; cannot be j
duplicated at the price; must be eeen to I
be eppfjtiated; term* of payment If d«-
e;red. J
$2500— Eastlake cottage of 6 rooms, bath, high
basement; lot 34x1:3; pood email barn:
•11 in Cne condition; for rent at f25 per
tsonth; No. Z>C7 25th st., near Grove.
Send tcr 8-page printed c&tsJcgue.
GEORGE TT. AUSTIN,
/ . 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND KraSTITl'njR^FOR^ SALE.
JTP.N'JTTRB pood and ch»ap this month. II.
FCHnLLHAAS. 4<lS eleventh et.. Oakland.
nOO MS FOR IIOrSEKEEPIN'G.
A NEW apartment bouse; furnished and un- j
furnished rooms; new management; elevator;' j
hct and cold v.attr. lOUi Market, opp. Jone*. I
AT Majflowor; cut rates row for rammer. 308 j
_:.d et. ; .-¦'¦ up; also beautiful rooms fl week. 1
EIGHTH. 10<i. near Merket— FuraUhed bed- |
rocm and kitchen adjoining.
BERBSBT <The) — Funny apartments for
housekeeping; gas. ranges; Just newly fur-
ti!shft ! . Y.;.'A Polk ft.
HOWARD. 3n;1— LRrjre. runny parlor, bedroom
t&d iaig* r*-al kitchen; reference; no children. |
JE8SXE. .".".ft— Nicly furnished front room, with
wt of kitdi^n; gar, bath, phone; <12.
OAK. 117— Neatly furniehrd sunny Wai**; sink,
fas rar.se, hot Lath, laundry; aJults $12;
icgle tS.
6UTTEK. 067— Sur.ny room* completely fur-
nished for housi-ket-plngr; reasonable; running
«.-ater; Uath; phone.- *
VALENCIA. 1*7— Tnr*>e large, gunny room*,
furnished complete for housekeeping; separate
entrance front ar.d back, with bath and eaj;
no »»a»I children; rent $22 50.
ROOMS TO LET I'urn. and I'nforn.
A.A. — City Room Ilentlng Agtr.cy,
.1104 Market ct.. cor. Turk and Market «t*..
Hocais 3 tied 4. Phone Jeesie 447L
! TVXX, FREE
V.> locate yoc free of charge
1n Room* with cr without board.
m Hocy keeping . Kocrns or Hotels. •
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth — Room*
2t<~ to $1 per eight, fl 25 to $5 p«r week. BJvd
• light bouickccplns rc<:nis; open aU night. •
ROOMS TO LET — Fern, nnd tnforn.
A— HOTEL NETHERLAND — EUROPEAN-
PLAN. IS TURK ST., 4 DOORS FROM
MARKET; 250 OUTSIDE ROOMS; STEAM
HEAT AND TELEPHONE IN EVERY
ROOM; RATES 75c A DAY UP; SPECIAL
HATES BY THE MONTH.
A— HOTEL GRAYSTONE.
C6 GEARY ST., PHONE BUSH 880.
CENTRALLY LOCATED: ELEGANT SUITES,
WITH BATH AND SINGLES. >
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth et.)— Rooms, 25c. 60c, $1, $1 50 ntght;
$1 60 to $10 weak; house open all night.
ANTLERS, 415 Turk— 3. 4 and 5 room apart -
ments for hkpg.; strictly mod.; elec. elevator.
A LARGE furnished room for 1 or 2 gents;
; bath; running Water; reference*. 889 Post st.
I BURNETT. 1426 Market— (old No. 13C4)— Fur-
nished rooms, suites, elngle; also furnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FAIR OAKS, 210— Furnished or unfurnished
for light housekeeping; gas.
FOURTH, 225 — Nice front room; also single
rooms
I GEARY. 402 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
f2 50 to $4 50 per week: strictly quiet.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 60c
to $1 50 night; $2 to $6 week; reading-room.
GRANT ave., 7 — Nicely furnished sunny suite;
»lfo elngle rooms, t'2 to $7 week.
HOTEL ST. VINCENT. 541 Sixth— Beautifully
furnished rooms; single or en suite; $1 per
¦week up. w
| HOWARD. 50S— Nice, neat email room in
PratCTtaal family for gentleman.
j O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
ofnies; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
I ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights.
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor: rooms r*r night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $8; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
I SUTTER. 067— Nicely furnished parlors; low
rent; especially v.-eil suited for office.
j TO LET— A newly furnished front bay-window .
room In new modern fiat with uee of bath;
IS minufs- from Third and Market sts.; north
tide tf Market; handy to 3 car lines; must
have reference*. Box 13. Call office.
! 1UKK. 416. Reglna— Beautiful sunny suites &
Fir.jrle: latc-Ft impts; lowest rates In the city.
j UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy st., near Market
— ?*¦"( 5ing'e and family room*; 35c to $1
r.irht; ?1 75 to $fi week; elevator, electric
ilphte; reading-room; free bu* and baggage.
' VAN NHSS ave.. B19— Renovated; handsome
cunr.y furnished suites front rtns; mod. conv.
' WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 roams;
35c to fl 50 night; $2 to $S week; elevator;
flee, lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
| CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
rpceived at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
! A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubsoriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia et.
i ROO3IS A\D BOAIII).
! AMOY. THE 901 DEVISADERO ST.
Strictly first-class family hotel: sunny roome.
fulte or tingle; billiards; Eteam heat.
| VAN NESS. 1714 — Select private boardlng-
nouse; rooms single or en suite: desirable lo-
cation; all convenience* of home.
j OLD Stevecson Mansion, opp. Grace Churdi.
with annex. S07 California et. — Attractive ln-
trrior; exceptional table; free billiard - room.
i THE JOHNSON, C05 O'Farrell st.— Sunny
suites and single rooms, wtth board; refs.
: A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum hereby
gives notice that the following orphan and
half-orphan giris and boys have been ad-
ir.itted to the asylum from Janu-
ary 1. 1903. to July 1. 1903:
Viclet Dutro. 9 yrs.; Augusta Dutro. 6 yrs.:
Frank Faesina. 12 yrs. ; Louise Feccina. 10 i
« yrs. ; Josephine Feccina, S yrs. ; David Fec-
claa. 6 yrs.; Joseph Clancy. 5 yrs.; Rosa
Alameda. 6 yrs.; Carper Castell, 8 yrs.; Wil-
liam Casteil, 6 yrs.; Martin Castell, 4 yrs.;
Carrie Cano. 8 yrs.; Nettie Cano, 6 yrs.;
Raphael Cano, 4 yrs. ; Gertie Robinson. 1 yr. I
6 mcs.; May CcneJy, 7 yrs.; Ira Conely. 6!
yrs.: Otis Conely. 4 yr*. ; Benjamin de Rose, i
b yrs. ; Maria de Rose, 12 yrs. ; Margaret
Cowtp, 10 yrs.; Emma Cowep. 8 yr*. ; MaMa
Cowep. 5 yr«. : Willie Cowep. 3 yrs. 6 mos.:
Samuel Beloglch. 4 yrs. 2 mos. ; Paulise
Wolfe, » yrs. ; Michael Ma«trosantl, 6 yrs.; j
Mfixy Belovich, 10 yrs.; Antonet Belovicn, S{
yr*. ; Charley del Grendl, 7 yr*. : Lout** del
Grecdi. 6 yrs.; Marlon Chapman, 5 yrs. 6
I 'tncf.; Edmcnd Chapman, 3 yrs. 6 mot.; May j
Chapman. 1 year 6 mos.; Remond Schwell, 4
yra. ; Ella Creque. 6 yrs.; Agnes V. Johnson,
7 yrs.; Sam Walsh, 9 yrs.; William Mc-
Kensey, S yrs. ; Isabel McKensey. 9 yrs. ;
Chariot Sortnsen, t» yrs.; Bernardine Flynn.
6 yre. C mos.; Catherine Murphy, 3 yr*. 8
mcs. ; Sarah Murphy, 2 yrs.; Joseph Mahoney, I
2 yrs. : Mary Johnston. 7 yrs. ; Nellie John-
eton. 5 yrs. ; James Johnston. 2 yrs. ; Clara i
Johnson. 10 yrs. 7 mos. ; Ethel Wagner, <J |
yrs. ; Maria King, 7 yrs.; Rose King, 5 yrs.;
Wlnfred King, a yrs. S mos.; Henry King.
1 year 5 mom.; Sam Schmidt. 3 yrs. ; Mary
McNickells. 7 yr». ; Ague* McNickells 7 yrs. :
Emily McNickells. 5 yrs.; John Wagner. 12
yrs.; Maria Wagner. 10 yrs.; Chester Wag-
ner. 8 yrs.; Clara Futterer. 9 yrs.; Lewis
Cheerello. 6 yrs.; Eva Narvis, 7 yrs.; John
Henderson, 3 yrs. ; Margaret Bannan, 6 yra. ;
Jchn Green. 5 yrs.; Henry Pastene, 4 yrs.;
Celia Brand. 3 yrs.; Maria Walsh. 1 year 6
mos.: Elizabeth Kelly. 2 yrs. ; Willie Sum-
mers. 2 yrs. 4 mos. ; Michael Logue, 2 yrs. 2
mcs.: Josephine Baker. 1 year 4 mm.; Rl«le
Jenkins, 2 yrs. 6 mos. ; Annie McDonnell. 9
jtf. ; Sadie Mason. 7 yn. ; Frank Logan. 5
yrr. ; Agnes Buckljry. 12 yr*.; Lottie Camp-
bell. 6 jte. ; Ella Moran. S yrs.; Margaret
Loftui. 2 yrs.: Ida Anderson, 4 yrs. 2 mo?.;
Florence Buckley, 9 yrs. 2 mos.; Dora
Gleischner, 4 yrs.; Addle WeshT, 5 yrs. : Jo-
eeph Swayne. 1 year 2 mot.; Rachael Myers,
2 jt*. ; LUlle Kearney, 1 year C mos. ; Michael '
Morgan. 2 yrs. ; Violet Pickett, 10 yr*. ; Frank
White. 4 yre. ; Jchn Wigln, 4 >T». ; Joseph
Miller. 5 yrs. ; Grade Hopson. 7 yr*. ; Carrl*
Collins, « yrs.; Harriet Meehan, 12 yr*. ; John
Kane, 2 yra. ; Grade Mihigan. 11 yr*.; Joseph
Rlcrdan, 6 yrs.; Emma Campbeen, 7 yrs.;
Theresa Hill, 3 yrs.; Leonard Fisher, 8 yrs. ;
Anna Muller. 8 yrs. : LUlle Cashell, 4 yrs.;
Florence Nelson, 2 yr«. : Rocie Fosett, 4 yrs.;
Theresa Donald, 5 yrs.: Annie Brag. 2 yrs.;
i Fred Ccnley. 3 yr*. ; Mary Bryant. 4 yrs.; Al-
bert Nicholls, 4 yrs. 9 mos.; George Hoffman.
6 yrs.; Alice Nicholls. 7 yrs.; Antonla Louise.
2 yre.; Theresa Fisher, 8 yrs.: Myrtle Fisher.
7 yrs.; Mary Smid. 7 yrs. ; Hilda Holverson.
10 yi-6. ; Esther Holvcrson, 6 yrs.; Lizzie
Regan, 7 yr*. : Celia Regan, 5 yrs.; Mary
Regan. 8 >te.: Phllomena Morse, 2 yrs.; John
Mtuchlnl. 7 yrt.; Hazel Roche. 10 yr«.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Home
fcociety hereby gives notice that they have
admitted Into the orphanage from January 1,
19C3. to June :;0. 1903. the following named
orphans and half orphans, boys and girla,
viz: Louis Levin, aged 7 years; Irene W««ll
eged 9 years 3 months; Helen Well, aged 8
year* 2 months: Charles Bernstein, aged 12
year*; Harry Bernstein, aged 10 years «
months; Edna Weil, aged 6 years 6 months;
Badle Markowltz. aged 9 years 5 months;
Louis Robert Cousins, aged 10 years 3
months; Matilda Stone, aged 8 year* h
rr.cntht: Itador Klein, aged 8 years; Solomon
Klein, aged 5 years 7 months: Ida Miller,
aged 10 years 3 months; Rose Miller, aged C
>ear£: J^awrence Maurice Beck, eged 5 year*-
P.»?f Elv»r. aped 4 year* 11 months.
PROPOSALS. ~
NOTICE to Contractors — Pursuant to an order
of the Hoard cf Trustees of the State Nor-
mal School of Han Diego, California, notice
Is h^rfby given that Healed proposals will be
received by said board until 2 o'clock p. m.
of August 8. 'iaa - {. for furnishing the ma-
t«-riaie *,nd performing the labor necessary for
the erection and completion of the west wing
of the s^an Diego £tate Normal School build-
ing. S^parat*- proposals will he received and
separate contracts made for furnishing the
materials and performing the labor nects-
enry for each of the following parts of said
west wine, to wit: 1 — For masonry work.
Including all brick, concrete and cement
work, and all necessary excavating and fill-
ing. 2 — For the Iron wcrk. 3 — For the car-
l*ntcr, plastering, ele-ctric and glazing work.
4— For the plumbing and gasfitting work. 5 —
For the ef am heating and ventilating work.
Including the equipping of the central por-
tion and the cast wing of the building there-
with. «J — For the tinning and galvanized
iron work, 7 — For the painting and varnish-
ing work. No proposal will be considered
unlecs accompanied by a bond of the pro-
postr equal to ten per c«nt of his proposal,
with sufficient sureties, conditioned that if
his sjruDObsl shall be accepted he will duly
eriter Into a proper contract and faithfully
perform his or their contract or contract* lii
accordance- with said proposal. Each propo-
sal must *»e made on blanks furnished for
that purpose, and. together with the above-
mentioiied bond, enclosed In a sealed enve-
lope, «'Mr>i«'il to the Trustees of the State
Normal School of Ean Diego. California, with
an Indorsement thereon showing what por-
tion of the building Is covered by t*><e ln-
clc»ed nrouosai, and delivered to the Board
of Trustees of the State Normal School of
hsn Diego at the office of the school In the
Stale Normal School building at San Diego.
California, before 2 o'clock p. m. of August
8, 1903. Said proposals will be publicly
opened and contracts based thereon will be
awarded on August 8. 1903, at 2 o'clock
p. m., at the office of the school In the State
Normal School bulldlug at San Diego, Cali-
fornia. Tbe !>Ians. descriptions, bills and
specification* for said west wing will he
open to public inspection during all business
boura at the office of Hebbard & Gill, archi-
tects. Grant building. 103C Fifth et., San
Diego. California, from the date of this no-
tice to' the* making of such contracts.- The
Board of Trustee* reserve* the right to re-
ject-any or all proposals made. State' Nor-
mal School of Fan Diego, California, by It.
M POWERS. President Board of Trustee*.
Attest: FRED W. PARRI8H. Secretary.
Dated at £sn Diego, California, thl* 20th day
of June. 1303. . ¦ •- ¦ ¦ ¦ - ¦
PROPOSALS— Coptlnnfd.
OFFICE cf C. Q. M.. Vancouver". Barracks,
Wash., July 10. 1903. — Sealed proposals In
triplicate will be received here until 11
o'clock a. m., August 10, 1003, for furnishing
forage and bedding at posts in this depart-
ment for year ending June 30. 1904. Inform-
ation furnished here or by quartermasters
at posts. U. S. reserves the right to reject
or accept any or all proposals or any i-art
thereof. Envelopes containing proposals
should b« marked: '•Proposals for Forage and
Bedding at — " and addressed to undersigned.
F. H. HATHAWAY. C. Q. M.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottingham. 204 Sutter st.
DR. CARRIE EDWARDS, eye. ear nose and
throat. Removed to 428 Eddy st.
SC1VIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
$15 50 drop-head oak. guaranteed: second-hand.
*6 to $16; some nearly new; 60 days' exchange
agreement. Chicago S.M.Exchange, 933 Mkt.
ft., bet. 5th and 6th; phone South 433; eleva-
tor; branch, 265 Geary St.; phone Main 750.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
i31 Howard »t., near Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage— Furniture and merchan-
dlse. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made: 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore ft.; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKIN8 Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
at.: tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE System School, Van Ness and
Market: positive cure for all. Don't delay.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
QREAT BARGAINS IN~TYPEWPJTERS^W>
eell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 53C California; telephone Main 260.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each: get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 209 Sansoma.
DISSOLUTION OK PARTNERSHIP.
TO Whom It May Concern: The firm of Yar-
row & Katz. doinar business under the firm
name of Union Square Shaving Parlor at 238
O'Farrell st.. has been dissolved, WALTER.
J. YARROW assuming all debts and liabili-
ties.
WALTER J. YARROW,
OTTO M. KATZ.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday :
Oliver P. M. Hnziard. 27. Fort Ethan Allen,
Vt.. and Clara P. Swigert. 30. 2520 Pacific ave.
John A Edward*. IM. 12.'J2 Broadway, and
Anna Ler.nox, 22. 1404 Montgomery street.
Mic-hae! L. Kenney. 22, 529 Dolores Btreet,
and Elizabeth Gillon, 22. 347 Fourth street.
Frank Krneo, 24. 533 Vallejo street, and
Josie Bllveitri. 1«, 1316 Kearny street.
Jamef H. Anderson. 21. city, and Amelia V.
r.atl'.-'KcIatH. is, Oakland.*
| Milton A. Nathan, 24. 1320 Fillmore street,
and Martha Ooldberg. 22, Ml Scott Ptreet.
August C. Biedrnbach. 25. 140 Silver street.
?ml Anna E. Trevett. 25. 113 Perry ftreet.
E. Henry Monheim. 24. Salt Lake City, and
Susie M. Nipper. 19, Salt Lake City.
William A. Templeton, 27, 418 Golden Gate
avenu«\ and Edith M. Coburn, 22, 418 Golden
Gate uveruie.
John F. Bolts. 25. 1174 Oak street, and Mary
F. McMahon, 24, city. - .
Alexander Piper, 40. Seattle, Wash., and
Lizzie I. McKlhatton, 27. 1003 Diamond street.
' Armand J. Mefret. 20. 1321 gowell street,
and Anna E. Mo*. 19, Charleston, Wash.
Oliver McXabb, 2S. 201 Larkin Btreet, and
Lizzie Schultz, 2i), 170 Guerrero street.
Htnry W. Ptaley, SO, city, and Emily Kru-
ger. 24. city.
| BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
; Birth, marriage and death notice? sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
| in at either of the publication offices and be
i indorsed with the name and residence of pet-
I eons authorized to have the same published.
\ BORN.
BRILLIANT— In this city, July 6. 1903. to the
wife of A. Brilliant, a son. .
_____
HARRIS — JACOB — In Nome. Alaska. June 21.
1903, at the home of Judge and Mrs. J. E.
Crane, by the Rev. C. E. Ryberg. pastor of
I the Congregational Church. John B. Harris
of Nome and Lydia L. D. Jacob of San
Francisco.
MULLEN— DAVIS — In this city. July 14, 1903,
by the Rev. Arthur H. Brings, James J.
Mullen of Sulsun and Alice Davis of San
Francisco.
Amati, Felix Kaeser. Alma M. L.
Hlebeshelmer. «. F. Kalis. Pauline
Hralden. Alexander Mahoney. Jeremiah
Bush, Fannie Nicolai. Catherine
Canty. Clara J. O'Keefe, Margaret
Casapsa. Catherine Pollock. Wm. T.
Christern. Joachim Raffetto, Luig!
Cooney, William G. Shawl, Morris
Crockett. Susan Smith, John C.
Culley, John Tresaugue, Arrnan-
Davls, Rachel tine
Gamble. Annie E. Vallerga, Thomas
Golden. Patrick Voorhies. Frank L.
Graham. Sarah Walsh, Clorinda M.
AMATI— In this city. July 14, 1903. Felix,
dearly beloved husband of Catherlna Amatl,
father of Bettir.a and Phyllis Amati, brother-
in-law of Miss Margaret Collins and Sister
Mary Bernard of the Order of the Holy Fam-
ily, a native of Turin. Italy, aced 30 years
5 months and 2 days.
t_7"Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday.
July 17. at 9 o'clock, from his late residence.
725 Union street, thence to StE. Peter and
Paul's Church. Filbert and Dupont streets,
•w h»re a requiem high mass will .be cele-
brated .'or the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
BIEBESHEIMER— In this city. July 14, 1903.
Gustav F.. beloved son of Lena and the late
Peter Biebeshelmer. and brother of George
and Julius Biebeshelmer, a natlvo of Downle-
ville. Sierra County, aged 32 years 8 months
and 17 days. A member of Golden Gate
Parlor No. 29, N. S. G. W.; Past Presidents'
Association. N. S. G. W.. and Manzanlta
Grove No. 100. U. A. O. D.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
July 17, at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
his brother, Julius Blebesheimer, 1110 Vallejo
street, between Jones ; and Leavenworth
streets, where services will be held under
the ausDics of Golden Gate Parlor No. 29,
. N. S. G. W. Interment Mount Olivet Ccme-
" tery.
BRAIDEN— Entered into rest. July 13. 1903.
Alexander Braiden of San Ardo, Monterey
County. Cal., a native of Ireland, aged 73
years.
(nTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invlt'd to attend the funeral services
Saturday, July IS. 1903, at 9 o'clock, at the
parlors of the Western Addition Funeral Di-
rectors, 1724 Devisadero •street, between Sut-
ter and Bush. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
BUSH— In the City and County Hospital, July
10, 1903, Fannie Bush, a native of Ireland,
aged 38 years.
CANTY — In thia city, July 15, 1903, Clara J.
Canty (nee Waldler), beloved wife of Thomas
Canty, and mother of Clara, Irene. Myrtle,
Charles. Walter, Alfred and Thomas Canty,
a native of San Francisco, aged 47 years 8
months and 2ft days.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral, to-day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from h#r late resi-
dence. 329 Eureka street, thence to the
, Church of the Most Holy Redeemer for ser-
vices at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. .
CASASSA— In this city. July 1«, 190?C Cath-
erine Agnes, dearly beloved wife of Charles
Casanca, and mother of Marie, Margaret,
~~ Z NEAREST THE CITY.
| OFFICE'. 916 MARKET ST. j
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 60.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Director* and Embalmers
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple.
Now at 868 MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, Near Fifth St
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates. •
m^_ i^ m tm m m mm wm^ m ,^ m^ _^ mt ___ I
James McGinn. Henry Hansen. g <
james McGinn & co., 1
f Formerly With McGinn Bros., .• ;r ; ' 3
Funeral . Director* ana rimbalmers I
214 Eddy gt.; Tel. South 578. |
Charles,' Katherine and Rote Casassa,' a na-
tive of Philadelphia, aged 5T years.
tTT* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1834 Ellis street, thence to Holy Cross
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for>the repote of her aoul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. !
CHRISTERN— In this' .'city.' July 16, 1903.
Joachim, beloved husband of Annie Chrlfl-
tern, father of Arthurand stepfather of Fred
Christern. a native of Schoenbenr, Germany,
aged 62 years 10 month* and 11 days. A
member of California Lodue No. 634, W. of
the \V. : Verein Deutscher Foerster, and San
Franrisco lx)d&e No. 1. O. der H. -S.
B^TNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the oarlOTK of Theodor Dlerks, 957. Mis-
sion street, between Fifth and Sixth.
COONEY— In this city. July 16, 1903, Wil-
liam G., beloved son of William and Mary
Cooney, & native of Providence, R. I... aged
27 years and 29 days.
CTNotlco o£ funeral hereafter.
CrtOCKETT — At her home, ; 1275 East -Four-
teenth street, Frultvale, Alameda ' County,
Cal.. Wednesday, July 15, 19<J3. Susan Crock-
ett of Hopklnsville. Ky., daughter of (the late
Hon Joeeph B. Crockett and Caroline M.
Crockett. (New York and Washington, D.
C. papers please copy.) •
CTFuneral services will be held at tha
Church of the Advent, southeast corner of
East Sixteenth street and Twelfth avenue.
East Oakland. Saturday afternoon. July 18,
1903. at 2 o'clock.
CUL.LEY— In Redwood City. July 14. 1903. John,
beloved son of the late William and Annie
Culley and loving brother of William Culley
and Mrs. Jennie O'Leary. a native of County
Meade, Ireland, aged 44 years.
ICTRemains at the mortuary chapel of J.
S. Godeau, 305 Montsomery avenue.
DAVIS— In Oakland, July 14. 1903, Rachel,
widow of Schmerel Davis, and beloved mother
of Mrs. Morris Osftosky. Mra. Sam Lelser and
Abe and Jake Davis, a native of Exin. Ger-
many, aged 73 years 0 months and 12 days.
(New York and Los Angeles papers please
copy.)
(C^FrlendB and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday) at 9:15 o'clock, from the residence
of Mrs. Sam Lelser, 1537 Brush street. Oak-
land. Interment Salem Cemetery, San Ma-
teo County, by electric funeral car leaving
the Ferry building at 10:45 o'clock. Ser-
vices will be held at the chapel at cemetery.
GAMBLE— In this city, July IB, 1903, Annie
E., beloved daughter of Patrick and the lat«
Bridget Gamble, and sister of Richard, Wil-
liam and Frank Gamble and the late Mrs.
D. Sweeney, a native o£ San Francisco, aged
CyRemalns at the parlors of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
GOLDEN— In this city, July 16, 1903, at his
residence, 815 Alabama street, Patrick, be-
loved husband of Mamie Golden, father of
Reta Golden, brother of Mrs. W. F. Harney,
and brother-in-law of John, Kate and Mar-
garet McCarthy, a native of County Cavan,
Ireland, aged 36 years.
GRAHAM— In this city, July 14, 1903. Sarah,
dearly beloved wife of George H. Graham,
beloved mother of Marie Graham, daughter
of the late Thomas and Annie Klernan, be-
loved sister of Mra. Thomaa Bunyan, daugh-
ter-in-law of Mrs. J. H. Graham, and sister-
in-law of J. H. and R. I. Graham, a native
of San Francisco, aged 30 years 3 months
and 1 day.
C7Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
July 17, 1903. at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 3181 Mission street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repoae of her soul,
commencing at » o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
KAESER— In this city. July 14, 1903. (Girlie)
Alma M. L. Kaeser, beloved daughter of Ed-
ward and Adeline Kaeser, and "sister of A.
E. and Frank L. Kaeser, a native of Oak-
land, Cal., aged 16 years 3 months and 8
days. (St. Joseph, Mo., papers pleas: copy.)
(CXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents, 2045 Ellis etreet. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
KALIS— In Alameda, Cal., July 16. 1003. Pau.
line Kalis, wife of Frank J. Kalis, and sis-
ter of A. O. Wendland and Auguste Schacht,
a native of Germany, aged 46 years.
MAHONEY— In this city. July 1«. l!Ktt. Jere-
miah, beloved husband of Mary Mahoney.
and father of John Mahoney. Mrs. Michael
McDonough, Mrs. Joseph Carr, Mrs. Thomas
Calaghy and Mrs. John Weldon. a native of
County Galway, Ireland, aged 75 years.
NICOLAI— In this city, July 15, 1903. Cath-
erine, beloved wife of the late William Nico-
lai. and devoted mother of Emma Nlcolai.
Mrs. Edith Perasso and the late Mrs. Jo-
sephine Joost, a native of-DuEsaldorf, Ger-
many, aged 6i years 11 months and 18 days.
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respett-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Frlday). at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 431 Franklin street, thence to St.
Ignatius Church, Van Ne«s avenue, where a
high solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 10
. o'clock, thence by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
O'KEEFE — In this city, July 14, 1903. Mar-
garet E. O'Keefe, beloved wife of Daniel
O'Keefe, a native of Calaveras County, Cal.,
aged 48 years.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday.
«t 10 o'clock, from the funeral parlors of
Porter & White, 122 Eddy street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
POLLOCK— In this city. July 15. 1903, Wil-
liam T. Pollock, beloved husband of Anna LI
Pollock, and father of Lester Pollock, a na-
tive of New York, aged 45 years.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy
street. Cremation Odd Fellown' Cemetery.
RAFFETTO — In this city. July 15, 1J»O3, Luigl.
dearly beloved husband of the . late Rosa
Raffetto, and father of John. Frank, .Nicho-
las and Carrie Raffetto and Mrs. Jennie
Cordano, a native of Italy, aged 45 years 7
months and 2* days.
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
July 19. 11)03. at 1 o'clock, from his late
residence, 4 Noble alley, off Dupont street,
between Union and Filbert, thence to 423
Broadway, where services will be held un-
der the auspices of Galileo Grove No. 37, U.
A. O. D. Interment New Italian Cemetery.
SHAWL— In this city, July 16, 1903. at the
Pacific Hebrew Home, Morris Shawl, a na-
tive of Prussia, aged 72 years.
(C7"Notlc<» of funeral hereafter.
SMITH— In this city, July 14, 1903. John C,
beloved son of the late Owen and Bridget
Smith, and brother of James J. and Mary
A. Smith, a native of Smartsvllle, Yuba
County, Cal.. aged 40 years 3 months and l!l>
days.
ICyFriends and acquaintances art respect-
fully invited • to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy & Co.. 1239 Market street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Paul's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his *oul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
TRESAUGUE— In Mayfleld, July 13, 1303/ Ar-
mantine Tre«uiKue, beloved wife of Anselme
Tretaugue, beloved mother of Eugene. Leon
and Emlle Tresaugue. beloved daughter of
Victor and Eugenie Dupuls, and (inter of
Victor Dupuls, a native of New Orleans,
aged 30 years 4 months and 3 days.
(ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, July 17. 1903. at 10:30 o'clock, at the
undertaking parlors of Iaccheri. Duclos &
Co.. 629 Broadway, between Stockton and
Dupcnt streets. * Interment' Mount Olivet
Cemetery. *
VALLERGA— In thin' city. July 15. 1003,
Thomaa, dearly beloted son of Domenlc and
Antolnetta Vallerca. and brother of Mamie
Nesker Silvey and Bert Vallerga. a native of
San Francisco, aged 3 months and 10 days.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
July 18, 19«J, at 1:30 o'clock, from the
parents' residence. 107 Gilbert street, be-
tween Sixth and Seventh. Interment. Laurel
Hill Cemetery. ;
VOOUHIES— In Corte Madera, July 16, 1003.
Frank L., beloved husband" of Lottie- Voor-
hies, and father of Falthvand W. Gordon
Voorhies. ainatlve of St. Louis, Mo., aged
49 years. V ¦
WALSH— In Oakland, July 15, 1903, Clorlnda
Margaret WaUh. beloved mother of • Dr.- J.
W. Walsh and Mrs. M. J. Tlerney, and sis-
ter of Mrs. C H. Koelng and Mrs. William
H. Manning, a native of Ireland, aged 48
years 10 months and 20 days.
CTFrlenfis and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
July 17. 1903. -at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 915 Twenty-flrst street, thence to
" Sacred Heart Church, where a solemn ' re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of ber soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
IBBBBBEBBBHBSBHHBBBHBaBBBDBOaBBIBBBBBHaBBHBaaaEBBBIBBIiaBIDBIBaBaBBI
igojar).d Cattle |
BY WILLIAM WATSON |
r r\E-ii—^"vi™ i\~ ,~ , i
Art-;. Supplement' J
WITH NEXT ¦
IrV 1 1 I | 1 1 1— yv 1 b
SUNDAY'S GALL |
W&£Zi5(- ¦!¦' ' X jJ?^4*fiffl?tH3fe. ¦''¦ ¦¦"¦¦¦ . "¦" ¦<¦>¦¦ ¦ ¦-¦ ¦"•: «¦¦¦¦¦¦:¦ .-' ¦ ¦¦ \fjt*«3* " x ¦ ~v .•>«"»:¦ ¦^¦. i * ¦¦¦-.-*.¦.¦.¦ ¦¦¦ ¦"¦ ¦¦ ....¦¦¦ ¦.¦ j* ¦¦¦.¦..¦.:.¦.¦-..¦¦.," .-.<*, ¦'¦ ' ¦¦ "*¦**¦ • ¦ ' "- .¦*¦"¦'» Cv --• -¦ *Jm&Kpf$m BBl
WMp^^Tpro 1^:^yjffffl^Kv .^,yt/£$t* ¦*. ¦ <'"'^^V^^->xi?..'^"$3j^ a **j"*'5^?v^S: -fe' '¦X^^B%<^^ff9^^5y^^^^*'SB^RrKB58BShBBfahJ5nKi> JB^aBB^yJgJBBlSi^BBtBc8BBBB»yCMftttf ¦ ¦ ¦¦ ' ¦ ' * " : •'"'¦¦ ¦' ¦*"¦' ' '¦' ' s «* * ¦'^K^tJjj?<*ilfeffE^SywjW9J BBI
¦bB8^5^v*^"v^'''^ • '?^"^^'^-^ 3r^'^%f^*'-' '^\ &^v^-^"-^-<-^^£ ; "^* : ™ '¦**¦'" ¦"¦¦-¦ "-¦ ¦ '-^•^^^K3^^^pSr*^^j J '^'' < ' ¦¦ ' "*.*¦¦ ¦ : ¦ ¦ ¦¦ * »— ¦¦¦ * "v' " ¦¦ > x '^538
"HIGHLAND CATTLE*' g
ThjE SUNDAY CALL j
' - •/¦ * Bl
Is on Sale on fill Trains s
aQd at Ali News flgencies |
PRICE FIVE CENTS-ORDER NOW [PROMINENT MEMBER OF THE
GRAND ARMY WHO DIED
LAST NIGHT.
¦ Dr. L.M. Lai b, dentist, ' has removed his
offices to 660 Butter street. '- ".:.' . ¦"¦••
-M. A.' Taylor, who was knocked down
by a horse driven. by Louis Gross on the
16th: inst.,> filed/ a suit' for $3000 damages
against Gross yesterday. He charges
hinTwltb 'carelessness.
Says Gross Was Careless.
JABBED HIS THROAT WITH A RAZOR.—
Morris Berton % ' aged 70 years, jabbed his
throat with, a' razor at -his residence, 019 Pa
cific street, early .- yesterday morning. .The
numerous ; cuts were dressed by . Dr. ; Millar at
the Emergency r Hospital, after which Berton
was taken home by relatives.- Old age and a
continuous siege of ill health were causes of
his act.- .-..--; ' ¦•¦ t. : :•:--¦< .-.
Swellest of the Swell,
Yet- at reasonable prices, are the suites and
single rooms at the Hotel Clarendon. All large
and airy. The cafe leads everything on the
Pacific Coaat. Post St., between ; Mason and
Taylor. A. D. Kenfro, Manager. ' •
briefer note, ' addressed . to the subscriber
of the private telegraph system in per
son, in which he was advised to appear at
the office of Chief Hewitt and make pay
ment of the monthly dole for service since
April 15 or have his apparatus discon
nected. ¦ ¦.
The members of the Fire Department
who are affected by this ruling of the De
partment of Electricity, declare to a man
that they 1 will allow their alarm gongs to
be ¦ disconnected before paying for the
privilege of being an added 5 accommoda
tion to the: city. The 'use of; the alarm
signals in the homes of the firemen is not
in ; any way.- obligatory by ruling • of . the
department -and, it- adds' strength' to the
Fire Department,; since a man ,who '.Is off
duty can thus be' called to' attend "& seri
ous blaze, whereas he might be unaware
of .the necessity for; his presence were It
not for ; the'flre ticker.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by John Halk against Agnes Halk for in
temperance and cruelty,, Gertrude A. Da
vis against Joseph M. Davis for neglect,
Laura Gordon against Charles Gordon for
desertion and Marie Driemann against
Andreas Driemann for desertion.^ '
In the Divorce Court.
The San Francisco Fire Department
Are now being supplied with Murine Eye
Remedy for use by the firemen after a
hot, smoky fire, as it so quickly relieves
Eye pain and restores red, | sore, Inflamed
and faded Eyes to normal condition.
Murine aids those wearing glasses and is
a harmless and painless home Eye rem
edy. At Druggists and Opticians. •
The deceased had been subject to dizzy
spells, and it is thougnt she was seized
by one of these and' in some unaccount
able manner while she ; was ; unconscious
the gas flame went out and she was as
phyxiated.
The family, consisting of Mr. and Mrs.
Boland and their son Eldred, arrived from
West Superior, Wls., about six months
since. With the possible ¦ intention of lo
cating; here. Eldred Boland states; that
the family relationships were, of . the most
pleasant character and j they were • all as
happy as possible, so the theory : of any
thing of a suicidal nature. was not to be
thought of. ; She was 41 years of ;aee. .
Young. Boland; who, is a, student at the
Hastings Law College,- was away from
home at. the' time of, the accident. .
From surrounding appearances it is sur
mised that she was in the act of arrang
ing her hair, but whether death overtook
her late at night or early in the morning
is not known. . •
Mrs. Mary E.*Boland, wife of W. F.
Boland, who resides at 408 Cole street,
was found dead in the bathroom of her
fiat by her husband yesterday morning.
Mrs. Boland had retired to her own apart
ments in her usual good health the pre
vious evening. It had been her, custom
to ko to her.husband's room and awaken
him in the morning and, falling to do
this, he went to investigate ¦ and found
her lying dead on the floor of the bath
room. A strong odor of gas filled the
room and it was found that the gas jet
was turned on about one-quarter; force.
The body was warm, but life was ex
tinct. .-
The life of my brother was saddened and
undoubtedly shortened by the troubles In
which ' his sons became involved in this city-
He tried in every way to guide them properly
in their business affairs, but. Richard who
was really in charge of the banks in 'which
the doctor was interested In a financial way
fell in with rogues and they hurried him to
his 'ruin.'. There never was the slightest sus
picion among those who were closely acauaint
edtwlth the affairs of the banks that Dr Mc-
Donald . personally had anything to do" with
wrecking /them. # The blame justly ten U pon
the shoulders of the son. who. as I have al
ready said, was foolishly mteled by deslimln*
persons. The father was even dragged Into th»
family trqubles of Dick McDonald? whose Twite
attempted to «hoot the doctor. If ever "a man
was deserving of sympathy it was my brother
who found no comfort In the latter days of hli
life and was relieved of his many worries only
when death summoned him.
The doctor did not die suddenly, as first
reported. His death followed an attack of
ptomaine poisoning resulting from his partak
ing of strawberries. He had long anticipated
his death and had made arrangements for his
burial beside the body of his wife in the New
York cemetery.. He had his tomb constructed
and even. went so far as to prepare his own
epitaph. As to his will, all I have heard is
that it is deposited In the Hast He was in
comfortable circumstances, but what the ex
tent of 'his estate' is I cannot say.
Dr. ; McDonald was one of the oldest
Masons and Knights Templar in Califor
nia, being a member of the lodges of Sac
ramento, which yesterday telegraphed to
Montreal instructions to the Masonic or
ganizations of that city to take charge of
the funeral. In discussing the death of
the former president of the old Pacific
Bank last evening, Mark McDonald said:
- Mark L. McDonald, brother of the late
Dr.. R.H. McDonald, who died several
days ago in Montreal, yesterday received
a message to the effect that the funeral
services over the remains of his relative
will be held in that city to-morrow and
that- the body will be immediately
shipped to New York for Interment. •;¦.;
Ptomaines,- Physicians
Declare, Killed Dr.
McDonald.
Mrs. Mary E. Boland Is
Victim of Illuminat-
ASCRIBE DEATH
TO POISONING
Reckless Automobiling: on Streets.
Good fortune rather than the judgment
arid discretion of the occupants of an
automobile saved the lives of persons who
were about to board a Castro-street car
at Church street on last Wednesday
nlgrht. About a dozen women, children
and men were standing on the street
waiting to get aboard the downward car.
Just as the car slowed up an automobile
dashed down Market street. When with
in a few feet of the car the chauffeur
swerved from his course and dashed
among the people on the street. The In
tended passengers had not reached the
6teps of the car and the chauffeur was
permitted to pass before he made victims
for the Coroner.
<¦ .^ Y coolness and courage and
LJ/ at the risk of his own life, Po
|Y\ liceman John C Stelzner saved
'1*^ a boy from being crushed to
death by a cable car on Geary
street, between Devisadero and Broder
ick. yesterday afternoon.
Stelzner was off duty and had been vis
iting Policeman Joy, who Is ill. Stelzner
boarded a Geary-street car at Second and
Point Lobos avenues between 12 and 1
o'clock to return to his home at 233 Pow
ell Etreet and took . a front seat on the
dummy.
As the car was going down hill between
Devisadero and Broderick streets Charles
Clark, a boy 5 years of age, whose pa
rents live at 2269 Geary street, walked to
the middle of the track and stood looking
at the oncoming car. The gripman rang
FRAUD ALLEGED
IN MINING SUIT
Trace Orders to Pay for
Private Alarms to
His Door.
New York Mine Owner
Charges Trickery in
a Deal.
Maritime Libels,
Maritime libels were filed yesterday in
the United States District Court as fol
lows:
J. J. Smith and other* vs. the scow schoon
er J. J. Stoffen. to recover $250 as damages
alleged to have been Fustainfd by the bark
fntlre Newsboy In a collision with the Stoffen
A. Brooke. Charles Porter. Fred Choate, Soren
Forenson. ajrainst William Olson, to recover
$235 K3. balance of wagc«s alleged to be due
us crew of the American schooner Maggie C.
liuss.
Gellet Duress puts eaJad on his hair at
dinner. Bead the Wmc. •
Yin Lo Gives Bail.
Yin Lo, the Chinese merchant of 111
Taylor street, who was arrested last
Wednesday by United States Secret Ser
vice Operator Thomas B. Foster for pass
ing counterfeit money, was released from
custody yesterday by United States Court
Commissioner Heacock upon filing a bail
bond in the sum of $2000. The preliminary
rxamination was set for next Saturday
morning.
In a suit filed late yesterday afternoon
in the United States - Circuit Court, M.
F. Campbell of New York makes a seri
ous charge of fraud against Howard M.
Hough and the Lynde-Hough Company,
and asks for an order of court to re
strain the defendants frcm disposing of
certain mining property of which Camp
bell claims to be the owner.
The complaint sets forth that on Octo
ber 16, 1S99. Campbell was the owner of
the Howard, William and Ryan claims
in Siskiyou County, and of a one-third in
terest in the California Placer mining
claim and the Quartz Hill mine in the
same county, and that Howard M. Hough
owned the remaining two-thirds interest;
that on May 18, 1900, Hough deeded his
Interest to Campbell In those claims and
mines on August 7. 1901. Campbell gave
Hough a power of attorney to sell the
property for him; that on July* 21r 1902,
Hough agreed to sell the same to Raphael
Phillips for $100,000 and 20 per cent of the
stock of a new mining corporation to 5e
formed for the purpose of developing the
property; that two days later Hough de
livered a deed of the property to the
Lynde & Hough Company; that on
February . 24, 1903, the Lynde &
Hough Company executed to Mary J.
Noonan, an employe of the company, a
mortgage upon all the claims to secure
the payment of a promissory note for $12,
000, payable to Mary J. Noonan. ;
The complaint further, alleges that the
transaction was fraudulent and asks that
the conveyance be declared void and that
the Lynde & Hough Company, of which
Howard M. Hough is the secretary," be
ordered to hold the property in trust for
Campbell to the extent of his interest
therein. Campbell also asks for a re
straining order to prevent any convey
ance of the property, and that the Lynde
& Hough Company be ordered to convey
him his interest free.of all incumbrances.
May Become Staples of Hawaii.
HONOLULU, July 16.— Jared G.. Smith,
the United States special agent in charge
of the experiment station of Hawaii, has
concluded his experiments in the growing
of cotton and Sumatra tobacco. He has
been successful in securing very satis
factory results in the culture of both
plants and is hopeful- that they may be
come staples of the islands.
SACRAMENTO. July 16.— Governor Par
dee to-day appointed Ross E. Browne of
San Francisco a member of the board of
trustees of the State Mining Bureau, vice
Frank G. Drum, resigned. Browne Is one
of the best known mining engineers In the
State. /J..V-: i v^KigSteiH
Governor Appoints Ross Browne.
Reasonable, rapid and reliable. Mysell-Rol
lins, 22 Clay. Lithograph, print, bind anything.*
There is strife among the members of
the city's Fire Department over the en
forcement of the order recently promul
gated by the Department of Electricity,
under the sanction of the Board of Super
visors, to the effect that all firemen hav
ing private fire alarms in homes
shall be taxed $5 for the installation of
the same and be charged a monthly rate
of Jl for their mafntenance.
The ordinance of the Board of Super
visors making this ruling of the Depart
ment of Electricity. a law was passed on
April 15. Yesterday all of the members of
the Fire Department that have hereto
fore enjoyed the privilege of a private fire
gong in their homes, free of charge, were
notified by. William R. Hewitt, Chief of
the Department of Electricity, that the
law was , now in force and that unless
payment for the. use of the alarms was
made within five days connections with
delinquent subscribers' alarms would be
discontinued. : *
Heretofore all members of the Fire De
partment have been allowed to have pri
vate gongs in their homes free of any
charge if the bells and relay wires were
furnished by those desiring the accommo
dations. Acting on these favorable condi
tions a large number- or. the firemen who
had private homes installed the devices in
their houses.
_As it vis "rumored " among the dis
gruntled firemen, Fire Commissioner John
S. Parry— who, through his position on
this commission is likewise a member of
the Joint body of Fire Commissioners and
Police Commissioners constituting the
Department, of Electricity— is responsible
for this action. By his attitude toward
the question of allowing the use of private
fire signals by the members of the depart
ment—freely expressed before the passage
of .the galling, ordinance by the Supervis
ors— the ' responsibility for the action is
unanimously traced to his doors.
Yesterday the following communica
tion, sent to all those having the gongs
in their homes, was the first official infor
mation received of the latest work of
Commissioner Parry:
Gentlemen: - Please ' be advfsid "fcu^the
Board of Supervisors has this day passed or
d nance 688. which requires that for every in
stallation or connection of the fire or police
« le * r f Ph system a charge shall be mad^and
tnat the person, firm or corporation applying
for connection shall appear at the office of the
? e .? ar S ment °« .Electricity and register name
in a h d l e8 . 8 . and m * ke Payment of the follow-
For each : installation or connection ¦ $5
For maintenance ¦ of each Installation" 11
per month. *
For maintenance of each extension. 60 cents
per month. . ¦ < .
Aa your signal connection was in operation
before the passage of this ordinance,- you will
appear at this office for registration and ' to
make payment for the service from April IB
1903. Yours very truly, , " "'
WILLIAM R. HEWITT
Chief. Department of Electricity.
This notification was accompanied by a
The date of the funeral has not been
set as yet. Cypress Lawn will be the
place of interment.
Through his management the Occiden
tal Hotel acquired a wide fame and be
came the recognized hostelry for naval
and military officers and ecclesiastical and
fraternal leaders. Major Hooper's death
is a serious menace to the continued ex
istence of .". the caravansary, ' since the
lease . which he held expired only a few
days before his death and it Is a ques
tion of doubt whether or not the parties
owning the, property will renew it.
Major . Hooper's affiliations were wide.
For years he had been a trustee and
member of Trinity Episcopal Church and
was its senior warden when he died. On
the occasion of the Episcopal general
convention a year ago the Occidental was
used as the headquarters of the visiting
Bishops. He was a member of the stand
ing committee of the diocese of California.
Among the military orders Major
Hooper held a high place. He was a
member of the California Commandery of
Loyal Legion and at one time Its presi
dent. He was also a member of Thomas
Post, G. A. R.
PROMINENT IN AFFAIRS.
joined the California volunteer regiment
and rose to the rank of major. The reg
iment got no nearer the seat of war than
Salt Lake, but through his connection
With military affairs Major Hooper laid
the foundation of the wide friendship
with men of the army which came to him
in later years.
FIREMEN RESENT
PARRY'S TYRANNY
his bell and the pasengers shouted to the
boy to get off the track, but he seemed
paralyzed with fear and paid no attention
to the warning cries. In another instant
the car would have been upon him. Stelz
ner sprang from the dummy and ran for
ward to . rescue the boy, never thinking
of the danger to himself. The gripman
put on the brakes. By this time the boy
had been knocked down by the car and
Stelzner saw only his head and shoulders.
As Stelzner stooped down to seize the
boy he was struck by the car and thrown
to the ground, his legs lying across the
rail. As he grabbed hold, of the scream
ing child one of the front wheels of the
car crushed against his left leg, and with
a heroic effort he swung himself and the
boy clear of the track as the car moved
slowly past him.
Dr. C. H. Carlson, 433 Stockton street,
was a passenger on the car and. he ex
amined the boy, but could find no bones
broken, but thought he might have sus
tained internal injuries. Stelzner carried
the boy to the home of his parents, who
were profuse in thanks, and continued his
trip on the next car and went to the Cen
tral police station to notify Lieutenant
Burnett of the affair. His left leg was
cut and bruised and his trousers were
torn, but he declined to be excused from
duty. When commended for his bravery
he modestly said: "Well, I couldn't see
the boy killed, could I?"
Before Joining the force Stelzner made
an enviable name in the prize ring and
ut that time one of his chief character
litics was his modesty.
VERTIEO SPELL
COSTS HER LIFE
Major Hooper led a varied life. Born
in Richmond, Va., in 1835, he early cast
his lot with the argonauts and crossed
the plains to the West in the first years
of the gold rush. Mining did not tempt
him, however, and he embarked in the
mercantile business on an extended scale.
From a small start the young business
man soon had stores in Tucson, Guaymas,
Mexico, and San Francisco. Later, when
the prospects of business in San Francis
co were at their height. Hooper gave up
his mercantile pursuits and became lessee
and manager of the. Occidental Hotel.
When the Civil War broke out Hooper
With the passing of Major Hooper there
is removed from the sphere of the world's
activities one whose personal worth is
attested to by a legion of friends who
have had the fortune to come under the
kindly Influence of his generous and char
itable nature. There was no charitable
movement of any. creed which did not
receive ready support, from 'him. An ar
dent member of the Episcopal faith, h©
was considered the strong supporter of
Bishop Nichols among the laity of Cali
fornia. His affiliations with military and
naval societies were widespread.
GENTLE LITE CLOSED.
MAJOR WILLIAM B. HOOPER.
for years manager of the Occi
dental Hotel and one of- the
best known and most gen
erally beloved men of this
city, died in his rooms at the
hotel a few minutes . before 11
o'clock last night, after a linger
ing illness of over six months. His wife
and daughters, Mrs. Lieutenant Perry
and Miss Rose Hooper, and his son,
George F. Hooper, who have been ex
pecting the end for many days, were at
the bedside when death came.
The day before Christmas Major Hoop
er was taken ill with kidney trouble and
on the following day the death of his
youngest son, William B. Hooper, Jr.,
served to bow the invalid with an added
grief, until his condition grew serious. An
operation became necessary in the early
months of spring. Though it was a criti
cal one, Major Hooper was temporarily
relieved by it, but so serious was his con
dition that for several months he had
been held a close prisoner by his ail
ment.
POLICEMAN WHO RISKED "HIS
LIFE TO SAVE CHILD FROM BE
ING CRUSHED UNDER CAR.
Roberts will ar>r>ear before Judge Law
lor to-morrow. The crime with which
he is charged is steering W. L». Perry, an
engineer from L*>s Antreles. to 1244 Mar
ket street, where on March 20 he was
tricked out of $80 at a card game.
"I was successful In defeating that writ,
but was promptly served with a writ
from the United States District Court.
Judpe de Haven, who is presiding there,
decided in my favor last Monday, and
that niebt I left Tacoma with Roberts.
His wife was with him all the time and
I could not shake her. She kept the
gamblers of Seattle and this city apprised
of my movements. They put up the
money to keep Roberts in the north. On
the train I learned that a writ had been
procured in the United States Circait
Court at Portland to stop me. I wired
to Detective Day of Portland and he met
me at Klamath. We left the train and
took a beat to Portland, getting off at
a point about four miles from there to
avoid service of the writ. IVe drove to
Orepon «.ity to wait for the next train,
but were not long there when Roberts'
friends knew it. They could not serve
the writ because we. were in another
county, but 1 was no sooner on the train
than I learned that a writ had been ob
tained at Grants Pass. I was determined
to keen on the train, and to my great
satisfaction nn attempt was made to serve
the writ upon me at Grants Pass, why
I fion't know."
Ryan aaid that many obstacles were
placed in Ids way by officials and others,
and the only person who assisted him
was Chief cf Police Flagler of Tacoma,
of wfccm he speaks in the highest terms.
"Immediately on rcy arrival," said
Ryan. "I was served with a writ of ha
bt-as corpus, but it went apainst the pris
oner, and I started with him on May 23,
but when I reached lacoma I was served
with another writ from the Supreme
Court. 1 went back to Seattle and had
to wait a month before a decision was
rendered in my favor. The rcmittitur was
held back for a day to give Roberts' at
torneys time to go to Tacoma to procure
a writ from the Superior Judge there, and
whpn I acrain reached Tacoma I was
F*--rved with the writ. I refused to rec
cpnize it. and the Deputy Sheriffs filed
the handcuffs off and forcibly took Rob
erts avrav from me.
¦ Atrw marr excltlns esrertences dnr
lng the iast two months in the State of
Washington la mi e:fforc to extradite
George RohrrtE, e hall tvmr&ng bunko
Meorer. charp«d with prand laroeny, De
tective Thr.ma* 1*. R>-a.a retarued to the
city yesterday morning Txtth nls prisoner.
The BLory of Ryan"* long fight with gam
blers, cf thr law'? fit-lays anfl of the final
triumph of tb» sJeutli is tnteiesttag.
j Robert* xra* held to answer by Police
JuC&b Mocan on AprD 3. and bis bonds
were £xm aa rum He was released on
bonds and trhen the c_se -was called In
Judge l^awlor"s court Roberta failed to
appear, and ca Aj>ril 33 the Judge de
clareu bis bonds forfeited and ordered a
bench warrant for his arrest. Roberts
was located In Seattle and on May 13 De
tective Rran waa sent tnere with extra
dition Dapers.
Word was received here yesterday from
Chicago that Passenger Traffic Manager
E. O. McCormick, who has been in the
East for several weeks, had started for
home and will arrive in San Francisco
Sunday evening. The prolonging of Mc-
Cormick' s visit in the East is said to have
been due to the threats of the Rock Isl
and officials to cut rates. Up. to the pres
ent time, however, no move ! has been
made' in this direction and the conclusion
has been arrived at by the heads of the
traffic departments -of the Harrlman lines
that none will be made by the rival road.
F. J. Shepard, general superintendent of
the Santa Fe road, arrived from the south
last evening. He is making a tour of in
spection. '
J. S. Noble, superintendent of the Salt
Lake division of the Southern Pacific, and
his bride of but a few days arrived in
this city yesterday and are registered at
the Palace. They are enjoying their hon
eymoon and will remain here several
days. ¦ • . • •
M. D. Shaff, superintendent of the
Cleveland, Cincinnati and St. Louis Rail
way at Indianapolis, and wife are regis
tered at the Palace. They are making a
tour of the West. - Shaff is a brother of
the vice president and general manager
of the road.
ON A HONEYMOON.
The Pacific Coast Railway Club will
hold its regular monthly meeting at the
Palace Hotel this evening, when questions
regarding the care and preservation of
blueprints and tracings will be thoroughly
discussed. The members of the club are
evincing a deep interest in the monthly
meetings, as is shown in the steadily in
creasing attendance.
E. Black Ryan, tax agent of the South
ern Pacific, to whose title his associates
in the railroad building have lately added,
"specialist In franchtsephobia," which the
agent of the road claims Is Infecting the
offices of a number of Assessors through
out the State, departed last evening for
Los Angeles, where the Assessor of that
county is attempting to impose upon the
company a tax claimed to be due on fran
chises of small branches of the Southern
Pacific operated in that section of the
State. The contention of the railroad
there is the same as the one raised here
in .connection with Assessors Dodge and
Dalton's attempt to compel the company
to pay taxes on its ferry service — that is,
that the ferries are part of the entire
Southern and Central Pacific systems'
franchises and that they are therefore
not subject to separate assessments. The
entire matter will be settled before the
State Board of Equalization, which meets
on the 24th.
Among the railroad agents the promo
tions of Buck and Mansfield were expected,
for they are regarded as two of the clev
erest traffic men on the street, and have
through their long service in the Denver
and Rio Grande offices, well merited the
recognition they have received. Buck is
at present local ticket agent of the Den
ver and Rio Grande and Mansfield holds
the position of general agent of the
passenger department of the same line.
RYAN'S TROUBLES MANY.
To-morrow I will make formal announcement
of the changes that are to occur in the clerical
force of my office. I have decided to appoint
Henry A. Buck to the new position of district
passenger agent and will place J. D. Mansfield
In charge of the freight business, with the
official title of commercial agent. The minor
changes that will be made I am not yet pre
pared to elve out until to-morrow.
W. J. Shotwell, who was recently placed
in charge of the offices of the Gould lines
in this city after they were consolidated
by General Traffic Manager A. C. Bird,
returned \ from the East last evening,
where he was in consultation with his su
periors concerning the reorganization of
the business affairs of the companies. His
return has been awaited with much inter
est by the local railroad men, especially
those whose positions were involved in
the consolidation. When asked last even
ing what determination had been arrived
at between the head of the traffic depart
ment • of the Gould lines and himself,
Shotwell said it had been decided that
hereafter the local business of all the
Gould lines shall be transacted through
the agency of the Denver and Rio
Grande, and he added:
GOULD LINE CHANGES.
A. N. Brown, general freight and pas
senger agent of. the El Paso and North
eastern system of the Rock Island road,
who has been a guest at the Palace Ho
tel for several days during his trip over
the coast, arrived at the conclusion that
it would be of benefit to his road to have
a representative here. As a result he
began looking around for a suitable man
for the new position "and finally found
one in the person of C. K. Junkins. con
tracting agent of the Rio Grande office.
Before leaving for the south yesterday
Brown made public the appointment of
Junkins, who will have the title of Pa
cific Coast agent. The idea of an agency
in San Francisco is to build up traffic for
the El Paso and Northeastern through
the El Paso gateway. Junkins is one of
the best known railway men on the street
and his appointment came as a pleasant
surprise to the local agents. He has been
connected with the Gould roads for more
than eight years and was formerly with
the Southern Pacific Company.
Tells of Obstacles Put in His
Way by Officials and
Others^
Shotwell Returns and Makes
Appointments in Gould.
Line Office.
Will Represent a Rock
Island System in
This City.
Detective Ryun Returns
From Tacoma With
Prisoner-
Jumps From the Dummy of a Geary Street
Car and Is Knocked Down While Drag
ging Charlie Clark From Under Wheels
LODGES ROBERTS
IN CITY PRISON
JUNKINS MADE
A COAST AGENT
POLICEMAN STELZNER RISKS HIS
LIFE TO SAVE THAT OF A BOY
MAJOR WILLIAM B. HOOPER PASSES
QUIETLY TO HIS ETERNAL REST
Unsparing in His Generosity, Kindly in
Ready Friendship, the World Loses One
Rich in Ail the Gentleness of Life
THE SAK FBAHCISCO CALE, FRIDAY, JUJLY 17, 1903.
14
ADVEB.TISE2CEUTS.
IJABfS FUTURE
SometMng for Mothers
to Think About
Lives of Suffering and
'¦¦¦ Sorrow Averted
And Happiness and Prosperity
Assured by
CmicaraSoap.OintraentanflPiiis
When All Else FaHs.
Every chUd bom Into tie world wlti
an Inberlted or early dereloped ten-
dency to distressing, disfiguring hu-
raoars of the skin, scalp and blood,
becomes an object ot tbe most tender
solicitude, not only because of Us suffer-
ing, bnt because of tbe dreadf ol fear
that tbe disfiguration Is to be lifelong
and mar its future bappiness sad pros-
perity. Hence, it becomes tbe doty of
mothers of such afflicted children to ac-
quaint themselves with the best, the
purest and most effective treatment
available, viz., Tbe Cutlcura Treatment. •
Warm baths with Caticura Soap, to -
cleanse the skin aod scalp of crusts and
scales, gentle applications of Catlcar*
Olbtmert, to allay itcMng, Irritation
and lnfl Amatiop and soothe and heal,
and mild doses ol^aticura Resolvent, to
cool tbe blood In tbe severer cases, are
all that can be desired for tbe speedy
relief and permanent cure of skin tor-
tured infants and children, and tbe corn-,
fort of worn-oat parents.
Millions of women use Cntlcura Soap,
assisted by Cotlcura Ointment, for pre-
serving, purifying and beautifying the-
skin, scalp, balr and bands, for annoy-
ing irritations ¦ and weaknesses, and
for many sanative, antiseptic purposes
which readily suggest themselves.
8oM fhroaghovt &* wotM. CtrCewm Rawtrwot. JBe. (hj
t>rm of ChonoUH t«at«d PUb. 2Sa. per Tial of «n. Oiaw
meat, Sfte., &•»?, 23a. Scentji London, 27 CWlrrtoiu«
*q.l PtrU. i n« dt te Mil Butoa. ]V Coloahat Ar*. I
Potter Drag * On. Corp.. Proprietor
«- B*a4 Ut " Oaw to Cm Baby Damoon."
To Our Customers and Friends:
• - Fire in our repository at Market
and Tenth streets the morning ot
July 8 destroyed a portion of our
stock ot vehicles. The main part .
of our merchandise, however, is
stored in our warehouse at Fifth
and Kin? street: and is uninjured.
All orders will be filled with usual
promptness and business will becon-
' ducted- the same as heretofore. Our;
repair shops in the new building
on Tenth street are not injured and
our manufacturing and repairing
are being promptly attended to. '
For the present we have opened a
temporary office at No. 1325 Market
" 6treet. between Ninth and Tenth
streets. Telephone Private Ex-
chancre 634.
We thank our friends for the pat-
ronage given us heretofore and re-
spectfully solicit a continuance of
the same.
Kros. Company
* NO. 1325 MABKET STBEET.
I O^graVv Desk ;|
¦¦ \ ? gance |
' Many business men prafer a flat- fe
.} top desk because of th« additional K
£| room which It gives for tha «ua- f§
ilnatlon of papers and document*. 1?
The desk her* shown has solldltr 13
ot construction and beauty of nnlih 3
which any snecessful business man {
a will thoroughly appwclat*. Ask t» *>
¦ee No. 32. Its prtc« U *
\ $17.75 p
J We carry more than 75 distinct £
- j styles of desks, both In Oak and g
i Mahoffany. and at prlc^ ranging- %
\ from $13 to $30O. Surely yo« can ;1
i find Just the desk you de.ttr« In J
: such a stock as this. Will you
if call and se«? J
g Tawman 8c Erte Mfg\ Co^ \
=3 635-639 MlMioa St. 1
J Phone Main 17S0. A
CURES ALL EYE DISEASES. \~" £$&*
INFLAMED EYES, SCAUS ON U0Mj^__--»»F
GRANULATION ETC. '"^-ZZ^ Mtr
California sunlight, strong- winds and alkali
dust cause eye trouble. LJttle troubles stow.
Murine Is a favorite toilet requisite, restores *
faded eye to natural brilliancy, doesn't smart,
soothes eye pain. ' ; , __ _
The laboratories of the Murine Eye Remedy
Co.. Chicago, are the largest in the world pro-
ducing an exclusive line of eye remedies.
Sold by Druggists and Opticians
BeUtell'i Ointment accomplishes s«on-
tahtngcnmofsklndlsease».after the most
powerful Internal remedies have failed.
After bathing the part with Ueitkttli Soap
use JlritkeWi Ointment and It will quickly
remove all Blotches, Plmplee, Eruptions
, and Sores. Cures Tetter. JCryslpeias. Salt
Rheum, Scald Head, Itch, . Ringworms
Ulcers, PKes. Barber's Itch ; relieves and
beala Bnrn* and tcalds. Makes the skin
soft and beautiful. Prescribed ¦ by phy>
slclano for half acentnrr. AtdrugSistaflOc
Send for f roe bocK of testimonials. ,
JOUSSTOS, UOLLOWAI * CO., PkOaJ^ala.
3 Special Values
for Friday
and Saturday
Sm Ladies' Kimona Dressing:
fl Sacques. made of figured
n dimity: various shades; ef-
H f actively hemstitched; all
I sizfi*; former price $1.50. Sale
| | price tl.00.
Sm Children's 2-piece Sailor
«w Suits, made of percale; white
j D canvas shield and collar; ef-
\ I Actively trimmed with white
| ¦ stitching; sizes 4. 6, 8. 10. 12
¦ and 14: former price $L50. Sale
H price fl.O0.
$M Ladies' Drawers, made of
m excellent quality cambric;
1 deep flounce trimmed with .
¦ good quality 5-lnch embroid-
H cry; former price $1.50. Sale
A I! the above goods are our own
I SUMMER GOODS in all depart- 1
nientg GREATLY REDUCED.
£18-922 MARKET ST.