Alcazar— "Tho *Gixl ' X Left B>
, hiaa M«." ¦ - ._ .—-*-'
California — "Poxy Q raadpa."
Central— "The Scout's Revenge."
Colmabla— "Dolly "Vjrden."
TiBthtx'B — "I. O. XT."
Oraatd. — "The Beanie Briar
Bush."
. Orphenm— VandeTiJle. 1
The Chutei — Vaudeville.
VOLUME XCV— NO. IS.
EMBEZZLER McKOWEN STAYS
IN PRISON WHILE EXPERTS
INVESTIGATE HIS METHODS
S:).N FRANCISCO, FRIDAY. DECEMBER 18, 1903.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
RUSSIA'S REPLY TO JAPAN
REJECTED BY THE COUNClL
OF THE ELDER STATESMEN
. Continued ion -Pace 1 6,' : Column r l.' *
¦ -¦ ;.- --- 1 -- . ' ¦>' "' •'• '¦¦'..¦
Continued on Page 2, Xoluinn^ 3.
Many - Ships -' Lx>st f in : Black - Sea. ?
> '• ODESSA;^ De'cr- n.—^X' 1 violent storm
is raglhK~-in' the^Rostoff^anduTarigar"
rog ;/rt'gions< • » • More-u, thahUl 00 ¦ sraa 11
craft V' haveVnot ; been :' aQcminted \ for;
It ; [ is *, feared there was .1 considerable
losa^of ; llfel/ . - 7v*/ '¦'-.'
; HONOLULU. Dec 17.— Rear Admiral
! Evans received orders s to-day to have
the Asiatic squadron, which arrived)
here yesterday, in readiness to sail for
Cayite ' after Christniaa. : Caalin* ? baa
Squadron \ViU Go to Philippines.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 17. — According to
advices/ received at the world's fair
headquarters. Russia will have the
most extensive exhibit which that
country, has ever made at a foreign
exposition. - The exhibit space will
coyer more than 750.000 square feet.
which will be occupied by more than
2500 individual exhibits. Russia's
national pavilion will be constructed
oV*' native soil and brought to St.
Louis in sections and erected by Rus
sian - carpenters.
Russian Soil In America.
HOQUAIM. Wash., Dec/ - 17:~ln
stead of fainting* wheji* her .husband
fell insensible with '"* "a* live • -wife
clenched in his fist,' Mrs. : Mat Cramer
seized ah ax. chopped the wire -in 'two 1
and /saved 'her husband's life.-* ; v s^:.*,'i
; Cramer "was 'movih'g : a heavy ; light
ing- wire which carried the current 'to
his house. A heavy "storm t 'was 'raging,
and when Cramer > grasped* ; the : wire 1 a 1
stream of water, trickled' down it 'from
the converter and he 'received a shock
,which burned his hand ;to'a crisp -and
knocked . himTiinconYciqus.' " His- wife ¦
rushed for an ax "and ! severed ' th* wire
none/ too; soonV 1 is Sunder;: a
physician's carei and \ will 1 recover. : '
Wife of a Washington "Man Qnlcklj
Severs a Live Wire Which Would
- Have ; Caused • Death. ' ¦ ;
WOMAN 'USES AN. AX ' /
SAVING HER" HUSBAND
FOSSIL, Ore., Dec. 17. — On Wednes
day night Robert Wilson and^ Oscar
Fritz, two ranchers living Tiear^here,
were startled nearly out of their senses
by a shooting star which, . instead of
fading away, grew larger and larger.
The frightened men - saw that it was
actually descending upon, them, but
before they could seek safety in flight
the aerolite passed over their heads
and struck the-earth less than a hun
dred yards from where they stood.
The strange missile was redhot and
the spot where.it struck was easily
found by Wilson and. Fritz, although
the night was dark. Next morning the
mass had cooled off and was found to
be of a porous stone and to weigh
twenty-three pounds.
churlan questions on the same footing.
Russia desires to cover only the former
with the .treaty, leaving the latter on
a sort .of understanding, the exact
character of which Is \ not determined
upon, v- Further negotiations will be
necessary- if Japan insists, with the al
ternative .of their entire, suspension.
Redhot Missile From the Central
Azure Strikes the Earth Very
Close to Oregon Ranchers.
SHOOTING STAR FALLS
NEAR TERRORIZED MEN
• PARIS, Dec. 17. — Many ; Americans
who' visited- Paris last year purchased
j water ' "colors bearing the. names of
prominent artists, but which were not
original, " • according - to testimony
brought out' at a trial to-day of a pic
ture; dealer. „ M. Bureau, a merchant,
'¦explained that'thC' pictures wens pur
chased-from, an artist named Ranold
'and' were sold principally to Ameri
cans.' ; v
A3IERICANS ABE SWINDIiED
¦ BY' PARISIAN ART DEALEH
Naval Officer's Visit to Colombian Mil
itary Camp Near the Frontier.
COLON, Dec. 17.— The United States
cruiser Atlanta, Commander William
H. Turner, returned here last night
from the Gulf of Darien. She discov
ered, on December 15, a detachment of
Colombian troops numbering about 1500
men at Titum='i. on the western side
of tlie gulf, just north of the mouth of
the Atrato River. The commander of
the Atlanta sent ashore an officer, who
conversed with the Colombian com
mander. The latter protested energet
ically asainst the presence of Ameri
can warships in Colombian waters, as
war between Colombia and the United.
States had not been declared, and po
litely requested the Atlanta to leave
the gulf, because it belonged to Cov
lombla. Commander Turner Ignored
the request and the. Atlanta returned
to Colon to report to Rear Admiral
Coghlan. t-V.v*
The Colombians are clearly busy with
protective and strengthening measures.
Although they treated the Americans
courteously, they decidedly resented the
presence of the Atlanta's landing party.
The Colombian force was composed
partly c-f the men landed recently' at
the Atrato River by the Colombian
cruisers Cartagena and General Pin
zon. (
Early in the morning of December
15 the Atlanta sighted a small schooner
in the center of the Gulf of Darien and
followed her to | the western shore,
where the schoc-ner. attempted to hide
behind an islet. Lieutenant Harlan P.
Perrill of, the, Atlanta was ordered, to
board her and a whaleboat was low
ered and pulled toward the schooner. ;
Lieutenant Perrill's boat's crew-con
sisted of twelve men. They w'ere un
armed, excepting four revolvers. When
the whaleboat approached the schooner
fcur soldiers were seen seated., on. .the
side nearest the direction from which
the Americans came, with rifles lying"
handily across their, knees and point
ing ': toward the whaleboat. General
Novo, who is a Venezuelan by, birth
and" second. in" command of the Colom
bian 1 forces, stood upon the deck of the
schooner and insolently called, out in
broken English:- BHRpBBBHVwl
11 What 'way- is ; this to make war?"* ;
GIVEN WARLIKE RECEPTION.
..During the trial Wilber Wright occu
pied the operator's seat and steered the
apparatus. '.
- The flight began from a platform con
structed upon a 'high sandhill near
.Kitty -Hawk. , The: machine was pro
pelled > by r 'a"gas6lln9 engine In the floor
of the car..J .>...._.. '
- The- first mile was covered and then
Orville * Wright'.declared the -Invention
was a success; but" it was not until the
third rnfle 1 had been accomplished, that
the inventor cast his eyes about for a :
suitable landing place, found It. and.
with' his"; Invention, under perfect can
trbU'slowlyT let his machine alight as
easily and gracefully as a bird.
.NORFOLK. Va.. Dec. 17.— The prob
lem of ' aerial flight without the aid of
a balloon ' has been solved by Wilier
and .Orville Wright of Dayton. Ohio. '
To-day at Kitty Hawk, on the coast of
North Carolina, they successfully navi
gated a "flying machine of their own ln
vention-for three. miles in the teeth'of •
a mile gale. and. picking
.their point of descent, easily landed the
'machine there. . ;" '- t ". > >'.' ' -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
r.amelv, the effect >of *.the?,reduction ( of
the duty/ on Cuban;- sugar >ap.on: im
portations of sugar ;fromvother4coun^
tries. The British • GoyernnienL*haa
served formal . notice .. upon*' the *:Stafe
Department that under^the' favored na
tion clause It expects] that, British' sugar
from v the British West Indies 'shall be
admitted , into 1 the/ United . States 'on
equal terms with Cuban' sugar,. and. it
is not doubted that France,'
Austria and the other great 1 bset r siigar
producing countries * will ! likewise.
An old holding,, of Attorney General
Olney under President;. Cleveland's Jad
ministration was adverse ;to such de
mands, but the. question. promises to be
reopened with vigor." ...
days from to-day. /
The bill was taken, to the White
House by. ttie 1 chairman of the 'House
Committee on Enrolled Bills. : With the
same gold pen with whjch the measure
had been signed by. ; Speaker Cannon
and Senator Frye,'- president *pro-tem
of the Senate, the President affixed his
signature to" the"blir7"thus making it
a law. The pen belongs"- to ? Minister
Quesada. • . . _ '--__.
Now that the bill • has become j a 1 law
a question- of great fnterest. has arisen;
WASHINGTON, Dec. 17.— The presi
dent this afternoon issued a" proclama-,
tion reciting the passage of the Cuban
reciprocity bill and declaring the Cuban
reciprocity treaty to be effective ten
;> {It the^ money Vby, /McKowen
consisted •", checks;, made to
rhiiia '-.personally;- byJAonafs}. of • schol ar
•ships;lt i jisj.'difftcult' J tojseeihowrheTcan
> ( Dros«ftuted - for -^ embezzling ' ; State
funds,* as :Vhe-sehb"arship donations are
individual" gifts to. students and en tire -
/DEFECTIVE.- SYSTEM. .
• ' It , Isl suspected.* however;-- that - when
i^bec'ime'neCessaryifbr.hlm to.dhiburse
the^ambunts ¦ call*d:-for Jbyj the' scholar
ships r"«-na\ embesxl€d' %i by\ him*' he : took
[ the mdrieyjfrotn 'the'genefal fund of tfie
> unWeVslty/and^theh 'charged the 'inoriey j
thils 'taUen'Ho*,''fexpendltures."'* .As- al
fead^stated/acornplete'revision of his
books":wi!l>be "= required /-.to* ascertain ;
'whether'-hft did that'or'notl "But what
ever'the^«SuU : of ; tlie^reyl8ion-taay be,
it -cannot^ relieve"'. the'* flnanclali'gystem !
¦pursued/by the'iintversltyniaQagement <
from < the .? taint : of } most ; extra'af dinary
ri#gllgerice'i ; 'r •-; '\ ¦'¦; :¦* ¦ \C ?T> r ':*.:'
• William McKoweri, the "defaulting sec
retary." of "the University : of ¦' California,
"remains 'af prisoner in .the.Alameda
County- 'Jail,*- while .-Norman .McLaren
and another -expert bookkeeper are ex-;
aminingviits , with a f view to'
ascertaining" Just how much money he
embezzled i since his .peculations, began,
about half a' dozen years ago. •, The man
himself-'- apparently' cannot state with
any- degree ~of "exactness the total
amount* of *his : defalcation, "and until
the - experts.- have' f finished their ; task.
.which ;is .e?tim,ated will consume abdut
ten'daysViRegent •Britt6n's>praidn" that
.the; stealings : foot : up , to., not less ' than
-SiOjOOO'.mustjIbe 'accepted- as : the' closest
; possible, calculation^ • McKowen ;:hv. his
confession-*. to ?'President^ TVheeler \ -.de-'
clared^that .he ' not . appropriated 1 to
his 'bwn.fcusie; more': than s $26,0QO of., the
urilYe~rsitv's';f u^ds^ but a'ibrlef . scanning
? of hls'bdqks.'ljy.'Mr:, Brltton satisfied
that H-ery". thorough j business man 'that
thej total \ could '[ 'be /doubled 'without
overshooting, theTinarlc. . 1" 7,,. .. '¦
; 'Another, thing." that ,oniy' the experts
can! dtlscfoseis'the ' method ".of McKow
cii's?. embezzling^.; operations: •> i 9 n this
pointr^o'o^'thi/ selfHCorifessedj thief
seems to.Tt>« ; : at* sea.'; He '] acknowledged,
havlng-turned. to'his 'persbnal'use'.mon-f.
eys* paid : In Jo' His hands for 'scholarships
arid v as donations jtp" the", medical "school;
but- sfnee "his •attorneys' \ have T talked
over the situation with him he has de
clined rto .even ; that" much,*, al
4h6ughVhVidoea not/ajttemptV,to/take
back, 6ne-.w6rd of the 'confession which
h*e ¦ sobblngiy / -tehdere^^to; president
,W,heeJer-before heiha^l /consulted an'aU
toTOey."^..^^^^^' "?;.:: '"....* .. ;
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. i 17.— The
reticence of the Foreign Office here has
increased since the dispatch of the re
ply of Russia to Japan, and the offi
cials decline to confirm or deny reports
of the character of the reply printed
abroad. The feeling in. diplomatic cir
cles is not quite so optimistic as it' has
been. It is believed the unfavorable
Impression apparently created on the
Japanese Government by the reply is
due to Russia's unwillingness to place
the settlement of the Korean and Man-
The Shanghai correspondent of the
Daily Tqjegraph says that according to
local mandarins the Peking Govern
ment has again warned the provincial
authorities to prepare .for immediate
hostilities owing 'to the offensive action
taken by Russia and her allies regard
ing Far Eastern affairs.
*>.'. SITUATION IS GRAVE.
• TOKIO, Dec. 17.— The conference of
, the elder statesmen of Japan, including
1 ihe Marquis Ito and the Cabinet M'n
| isters, yesterday resulted, according to
a semi-official statement, in a deter
mination to present a strong front to
! Kussia in view of the Iatter's unsatis
factory reply to the Japanese proposals.
Another report says it is understood
that although the Russian reply was
considered highly unsatisfactory the
conference decided to make another
and probably last attempt to arrive at
a lrjf-ndly settlement. ;
The situation is considered grave.
Even the most sob<^r section of the
Japanese press declares it is high time
for action.
In addition to the Marquis Ito, Field
Marshal Yamagata, senior field mar
shal of the Japanese army, and former
Premier Count Matsukato, one of the
greatest financiers of modern Japan,
and twice Premier of Japan. Count
Inouye. former Japanese Embassador
to Korea, and at one time a finance
Minister of Japan, and the Marquis
Oyama, field marshal, who distin
guished "himself In the -n-ar between
Japan and China, were among those
who took part in the conference with
Premier Katsura, the War Minister
and the Marine Minister.
IGNORES KOREAN ISSUE. ,
LONDON, Dec. 18.— A cable dispatch
from Tokio says the dispatch of. troops
to Korea is imminent, and that the
elder statesmen have been summoned
to meet the Emperor on Friday.
The Daily Mail's Kobe correspondent
learns that at the conference of the
elder statesmen of Japan indorsement
was given to the ' Government's deter
mination not to recede from the de
mands on Russia concerning the Far
East formulated on June 23, 1903. This
indicates, says the correspondent, the
rcpection of Russia's reply. How
over, it does not necessarily mean that
the negotiations have reached a hope
less stage, according to the correspond
ent. ' . • .;-'* «
Craft Sails Skyward
WoutAiuOi
a Balloon.
•Other Nations; Seek;
to PrOutlle
Engages Attorney
aiid Becomes^
'VReticentv
Mikado Will Send
an Army Into;
Korea.
.. W.-Ar-McKOWEN. DISGRACED
, . V SECRETARY" OF ; THE . UNI
VERSITT'OF CALIFORNIA.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. IT.— Trailed to I
their lodging place and brought to bay
¦within the v-allS of a small room, Jo
seph Choisser, aged 50, and Louis
Choisscr, aged 25, father and son. were
shot to death in a battle with Detec
tives Hawley, Murphy and Cowen at
10:30 o'clock to-night. The three offi
cers escaped from the close range but
short lived duel without injury- Both
of the Choissers were killed instantly.
Two telegrams were received by Chief
of Police Ellon" to-day from Equality,
Hardin County. Illinois, requesting the
arrest of Joe Choisser. One was from
YTeiderr.an BroE. & Co.. offering a re
ward of $50 for Chooser's arrest, and
the ether was from Sheriff W. T. La
mar of Hardin County, asking Chief
Ellon to look out for and arrest Chois
ser on the charge of obtaining money
bv false pretenses. There was no
charge against young Chc-isser. bo far
as known.
Detectives Hawley, Murphy and
Cowen were detailed on the case and
immediately began a search for Chois-
F?r. He was located late this after
noon ax the.Broxboro lodging house,
S23 VSTest Fifth street, where he and
his son had taken a room. The de
tectives watched the place for several
hours for Choisser. to. appear, but It
eeeir.s he had become aware of the
search for him and both he and his
son kept close to their 500m.
Shortly after 10 o'clock to-night the
detectives decided to search the lodg
ing house for the fugitives and were
directed to his room. Without the cer
emony of knocking for admittance the
detectives opened the door and walked
in. The elder Choisser was lying on
the bed and as the officers came, In he
reached for his pistol. Before he could
use the weapon Detective Hawley
w seized it ar.d wrested it from his hand.
Kvt the same moment Louis Choisser
opened fire upon the officers, which
they promptly' returned-' Joe Chois
ser was struck by a bullet from the of
ficers' pistols and killed instantly. The
fire from Louis Cnoisser's revolver be
came to hot that the officers retreated
into the hallway.
A moment later the young man threw
open the door and walked into the hall
with a revolver in each hand, firing as
he came. Aiming one of his revolvers
directly ot Detective Murphy's breast,
he fired, but missed the officer. Be
fore he could take aim for a second shot
both Murphy and Cowen fired, the two
bullets passing through the young
man'« breast. He died instantly.
Vfter the battle was over the officers
went intu the rocm again and found
th* elder Choisser lying dead upon the
bed. One bullet had passed through his
head and another had lodged in the
body.
When the clothing of the dead men
was searched m™ w *» * ound on Louls
ChoiEser. Very little is known of the
men beyond the information conveyed
in the two telegrams from Equality. It
is thought they were horse traders pr
dealers in livestock.
The officers were taken by surprise
when young Choisser opened fire upon
as they, were not seeking his ar-
' They declare that they were
forced to ehcot to kill in self-defense.
The bodies were removed late to-night
to the Morgue to await Instructions
frcm Equality, IU .
CfALVESTON, Tex., Dec. 17.— A man
"claiming to be Charles Pierzon, an or
ganizer for the Socialist Labor party,
was arrested by the police to-night for
attempting to deliver an anarchist
speech in the street. He had gathered
a crowd of more than 300 persons and
was denouncing the President and the
Government and inciting a rising of the
laboring classes when the police placed
him under arrest. Judging from the
men who came to his assistance at the
police station the department believes
it has unearthed a plot of anarchists.
Several Sicilians, known to the police
as anarchists, avowed friendship for
the man, and the police have recovered
records and information which they
will not give out in detail. Rough plans
of several buildings have been found
and it Is said they are the plans of
homes of men prominent in the affairs
of the national Government, and the
executive mansion in Washington is in
cluded.
Communications wen- received from
Paterson, X. J., Chicago and New
York City, by the Galv«ston anarchists
and an interpretation of one of them
appears to reveal a plot of anarchists
scattered throughout the United States,
with headquarters at Chicago. All of
the local . anarchists are being shad
owed and th«> department has commu
nicated with the police departments of
Washington and New York.
- Two lists of names, with addresses of
prominent ¦ personages, have, been
found. Pierzon refused to give any
explanation of his acts and defies the
police to prosecute him. He is a
swarthy young man, about 30 years of
age, apparently ' Well educated and
speaks Eng'isk fluently.
Galveston labor leaders have de
nounced him- as an enemy to the la
boring classes and will have nothing
to do with him. His sanity is not
questioned and he declares he Is sim
ply following his life's, ."work.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JAPANESE LEADERS "WHO"
FAVOR FIRMER ATTITUDE
TOWARD ST. PETERSBURG.
AIRSHIP'S
FLIGHT IS
A SUCCESS
CUBAN BILL
IS RPOLIFIC
OF TROUBLE
Texas Agitator Plots
Against Nation's
Noted Jen. i
Duel Is Fought in
a Room in Los
Angeles. — I
OFFICERS
KILL SON
AND SIRE
ANARCHIST
CONSPIRACY
UNEARTHED
The United States gunbeat >Petrel
cleared from the navy, yard. this morn
ing with the understanding ihat with
as little delay as possible she is going
right through to Panama. For work
along the coast the Petrel is one of the
most serviceable and formidable gun
boats in Uncle Sam's navy and will
prove a valuable acquisition to Admiral
Glass' fleet, on the west aide of the
isthmus.
.The torpedo-boat destroyers Preble
and Paul Jones, I which have been on
the dock in San Francisco for several
days, are expected here to-morrow.
During their absence preparations have
been going forward to get them started
for Panama as soon as possible. Hos
pital Steward Saxon has been assigned
to the Paul Jones and Hospital Stew
ard Shaw to the Preble. Provisions
and ammunition are in waiting to be
hoisted on board the destroyers, which
are to bo , down the coast under con
voy of the armored cruiser New York,
which will arrive within a day or two
from Bremerton. , $ 5
country is opposed to the -cutting of
a canal through the* isthmus of Pana
ma because each understands and
knows that as soon as the canal is
cut most of the many vessels that now
pass up and down the coast of South
America and stop at various ports will
use the, canal when it is finished and
South America will get .the go by.
Hence those countries are now back
ing Colombia to as great an extent as
they dare in its opposition to the new
republic of Panama and the proposed
canal. ! '-. *v -
f "The administration at\j ¦Washington
is fully alive to the situation and is
concentrating the naval >force of this
country on both sides of [ •the isthmus
and -will crush any opposition. that may
appear. I extfect to seeu;fouf-nfths of
our navy in Panama wafers before the
middie-trf-JaTrnaxy."?'-;''// -"" ! "-- t -*--- ¦¦>
. "By no means," replied this veteran
of long service. "There is much under
the surface of Central and South Amer
ican politics that is not ( seen at a
glance.. Almost every South American
MARE ISLAND, Dec. 17.— "This rush
ing of powerful fleets of warships to
the isthmus," remarked The Call cor
respondent to a naval officer this even
ing, "seems much ado about nothing,
does it not?"
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Maje. Island Officer Declares That the
.Situation at the Isthmus Is
:. Most Serious.
Gathering ol tlie Fleets an
Affair or last
T nillcance.
Four-Ffltlis of Navy
May Be Sent to
Panama.
ENLEAGUED
REPUBLICS
STIR FEAR
*THE "WEATHER. ¦ y
roreca«t' maSA at San Fran
clsco for thirty . houri * ending" •
mifinls'tt. December 43: >- , .
f San rrancisco'aad vicinity-**
fiair Friday, "b#Comlijr clouiy^by
aiafhts, aa.d pcmrttoly "" sbWers;
lisrbt weTr*rTrta<t«r~e'naa«inff to
southerly. a. a. HcADIE.
Dlatrlct rorccaster.
The San Francisco CallNicaragua Recognizes Panama.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 17.— Acting
Secretary Loomis to-day received a
cablegram from United States Minister
Merry at San Jose, Costa Rica, stating
that the Government of Nicaragua has
recognized the new republic of Panar
ma by appointing a Consul at Panama
City. Considerable interest attaches to
this announcement because of the
doubtful state of feeling toward, the
new republic by the other nations of
South and Central America, only two
of which (Brazil and Mexico), have
so far accorded recognition to Pan
ama.
St. Louis Woman Burned
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 17. — Mrs. H. II.
Wilson, whose residence is in the heart
of the fashionable section, was dan
gerously burned to-day while trying to
rescue her servant, Annie Crete, whose
clothes had caught fire. The domestic
iHed a f/*vc hours later.
PRAIRIES MARINES LAND.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 17.— In a cable
gram from Rear Admiral Coghlan,
commanding the naval fcircs in At
lantic-isthmian waters, which reached
the Navy Department over nfght, the
landing of the battalion of marines
from the Prairie at Gorgon is recorded.
The battalion will go into camp at that
place, the medical officers having re
ported that the health conditions there
are fairly satisfactory. Gorgon is some
distance above the sea level and it: is
hoped the men will be free from .trop-.
ical" illness. The Dixie's battalion of
marines has encamped at Empire.
The cruiser Olympia, flagship of Rear
Admiral Coghlan, commanding the Ca
ribbean squadron, left Norfolk to-day
for Colon. The Dixie left Colon to-day
for Philadelphia to take on j board the
battalion Of marines being assembled
in that city for service on the Isthmus.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
N. W.. WASHINGTON, Dec. 17.— The
bids and plans for the construction of
the San Francisco Custom-house were
opened at. the Treasury Department to
day and submitted to the following
architects as Judges: 'Frank Miles Day
of Philadelphia, William Martin Aikeri
and J. M. Carrere of New York, Mr.
Green of Buffalo, N. Y., and J. Knox
Taylor, supervising architect.
. These gentlemen will conclude their
work to-morrow when the name of the
successful architect will be announced
and the details of the several competi
tive bids given out.
Belle H.! Curtis has been commis
sioned postmistress at Cool, Cal. The
following fourth-class postmasters
have been appointed: California-
Charles R. Whitcher Jr., Castroville,
Monterey County', vice Robert A. Stir
ling, removed.
The President to-day sent to the
Senate the following nominations:
Agent; for the Indians — Luther S.
Kelly, New York, at the San Carlos
Agency, Arizona.
Postmasters : — California — Horace B.
Gardiner, Crockett; Charles S. Gra
ham, Pleasanton. " '•
The Senate in executive session to-r
day confirmed the following nomina
tions: William I. Buchanan, New
York, Envoy Extraordinary and Minis
ter Plenipotentiary to Panama; Corne
lius N. Van. Hoscn, Register of the
Land Office at Springfield, Mo.; Fred
Butler, receiver of public moneys mt
Eureka, Cal.; Joseph FIfer, Illinois, to
be Interstate Commerce Commissioner.
Proposals for Erection of a
Local Federal JJuilding Now
'- in the Architect's Hands
CUSTOM-HOUSE
BIDS OPENED
PARDON" BOARD GIVES
FREEDOM TO DUNLAP
Man Who Robbed Manhattan Hank of
New York Is Released From
Monniouth Prison.
CHICAGO, Dec. 17. — James Dun
'lap. a notorious bank robber, is again
at large through the clemency of the
.pardon board. Dunlap was serving
'time for a bank robbery at Monmouth,
111., which occurred two years ago.
His criminal record extends back a
Fcore or more years.
Dunlap first came into prominence
'twenty years ago, when h«» was sen
tenced to the penitentiary for the robr
bery of a bank at Northampton, Mass.
He was later pardoned and since that
time he has had many escapades.
Among his most daring exploits was
the robbery of the Manhattan Bank
in New York, where his booty is said
. to have amounted to nearly $1,000,
000.'
House Passes BUI Carrying a Total
of $138,150,100 Without
v Division.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 17.— The
House to-day passed without division
the pension appropriation bill, carry
ing $138,150,100.
Objection was made to the present
consideration of the bill permitting
Phoenix, Tempe and Mesa, Ariz., to
bond themselves for the construction
of a wagon road from Phoenix to the
site of the $3,000,000 dam to be con
structed by the Government for the
Salt River Valley irrigation reservoir.
Olmstead (Rep.), of Pennsylvania,
facetiously inquired if the proposition
to dam Salt Creek had been submitted
to the minority.
flIMlMl!! M'H"M"M I I I I !¦:¦•
laughter of Senators.
• "I made i no statement," declared
Hoar. . .- v , :
Foraker— Then I hope you will make
it and stick tj^lt, ;_>, ..
Hoar— I thought the Senator was al
ways "delighted" to have me interrupt
him.
"That is the way the Senator alwayg
has to get the better of his adver
saries," remarked 'Foraker. "Yes. I
shall always be glad to be interrupted
by him. But I wish the Senator would
tell me where I was." .
"I will tell him," declared Hoar with
a smile. "He was misstating one of my
propositions."
"Well," retorted Foraker amid gen
eral laughter, "that does not help me
any. He has made so many of them I
don't know which one it was."
Foraker concluded by saying there
was no real ground for criticism of the
course of the administration in th*
Panama matter, not even that the
Democrats misht take advantage of.
He deplored the discussion of the mat
ter in open session of the Senate, how
ever.
REPRESENTATIVES MAKE
PENSION APPROPRIATION
WASHINGTON. Dee. 17.— Governor
Taft has informed the War Depart
ment of the details of. his agreement
with the Vatican's representative for
the sale of the friar lands. It is In
contemplation to sell tihe lands for the
benefit of the Filipinos themselves, for
the money will go Into their own treas
ury. Payment will be ma<Je by bonds,
either turned over dirwtly to the friara
or sold by the Philippine Government
at the best price obtainable, the pro
ceeds being given to the orders. The
lands are to be sold as far as possible
; to the tenants who live upon them now
and on Ions time payments at a very
moderate rate, of interest on th©. de- *
ferred payments.
The main purpose is to create the
greatest possible number of landlords
in the Philippines^ for It is believed
such a body would be a strong conserv
ator of peace and do much to discour
age further revolutionary movements.
The\ Question of the' withdrawal of
the friars has. It is said, at the War
Department, practically settled itself.
Of the government body of friars in
the islands at the outbreak of the war.
onfy 200 are said to have remained.
and nearly all. of these are at Manila.
It is not doiibted that the President
and Secretary 'Root will approve Gov
ernor Taft's arrangements, particu
larly as the people of the United States
are not to be- charged with any money
required to fc«y friar lands.
ROME. Dec. 17.— Full particulars
concerning: the agreement reached be
tween Governor Taft and the friara
providing for the settlement of the
friar lands question in the Philippines
have not t*>ien received by the Vatican
authorities, only a mere announcement
that such an agreement had been
reached having been cabled from Ma
nila. Whetn the news was brought to
the Pope Jie seemed highly delighted
and exclaimed: "It is the best Christ
mas box I could have had." ' *
In all quarters Governor Taft and
Archbishop Guidi are being warmly
congratulated on their success in solv
ing the most intricate of the questions
intrusted to their diplomacy. It is de
clared that both have displayed the ut
most tact and equanimity. The excel
lent impression produced by Mr. Taft
during his sojourn in Rome in the
spring of 1902 has now been greatly in
creased, at the Vatican, the authorities
or whiicii expect that his presence in
"Washington as Secretary of "War will
greatly help the settlement of the re
maining questions in the Philippines.
Colonel Dodge Accuses Captain J. W.
I.. Phillips of Duplicating Accounts.
NEW YOJIK. Dec. 17. — Charges of
duplicating his pay accounts for the
months of October and November
were to-day preferred against Captain
John W. I. Phillips, Twenty-seventh
United States Infantry, by Colonel
Francis S. Dodge, chief paymaster of
the Department of the East. Colonel
Dodge has forwarded the papers in
the case to the paymaster general in
"Washington for further action.
Captain Phillips is on leave of ab
.sence from his regiment, which is now
stationed in the Philippines. Follow-,
ing immediately on the heels of suit
for divorce brought by the captain,
in which Mrs. Phillips brings counter 1
charges, the case has awakened unuSi
ual interest in army circles.
ARMY OFFICER IN. TROUBLE.
A shell from a twelve-inch gun makes
its flight of nine miles in forty-two sec*
onds.
; WASHINGTON, Dec. 17.— The Senate
to-day 'deibated.the isthmian canal ques
tion as affected by the President's rec
ognition of. the independence of the re
public of Panama. The discussion be
gan with a speech by Hoar on. his reso
lution of: inquiry^ and lasted several
hours. .In addition to Hoar's/address
there: were - speeches by Gorman and
Foraker. - . - j
Hoar confined his remarks to !his res
olution and they ware read from manu
script. He' held, that jthis country: had
not yet received full official informa
tion concerning the isthmian revolution,
and adversely criticized the conduct of
this /country, as shown .by what had
been given out. He compared the con
duct of the United States on the Isth
mian question to that of a policeman
who would manacle and hold a person
to be robbed and who would then insist
on having the spoils of the theft deliv
ered to himself.
Gorman's utterances- alleged the situ
ationjn Panama had been created to
make a campaign issue, and charged
Assistant'.; Secretary of State Loomis
with a violation of the proprieties in
discussing" >. the question at a banquet
in New, York. He also sa.id that unless
fyrther light-Svere thrown' upon the
subject 'he would oppose the Panama
treaty/ 'He referred to the action of
the executive, and declared that the
Senate should prevent the jeopardizing
of the business interests of the country.
SENATORS IX WARM DEBATE.
:. Foraker- took Hoar to task severely
for his remarks reflecting on the ad
ministration and his indiscretion in
speaking In open session concerning
executive matters. He defended the
administration for its attitude toward
the- Panama revolt, ju heated colloquy
took place between ¦Ifaraker and Hoar,
during an effort Vy ;;t Hoar to explain
more f ully"riis\pQ6ltion in the matter.
.In addressing the Senate on his.reso
lutioii calling upon the President for
such information as may be in his pos
session relative to the status of the re
public of Panama when the treaty with
that country was negotiated, Hoar be
gan by saying that he was favorable to
the isthmian canal and desirous that
the present President of the United
States should build -the' great water-!
way.! But, anxious as he was for the
accomplishment of these ends, he was
even more anxious * that the cdnal
should , be built "without. taint or sus
picion of national dishonor." ' !
"What we want to know," he said,
"is: • Did this Government, knowing
that a revolution' was about" to take
place, so arrange matters that Uia
revolution, whether peaceable or other
wise, should be permitted to go on
without interruption and whether our
national authorities took measures to
prevent Colombia stopping "it?"
Hoar said that it was no justification
of 'our course to say Colombia had
failed to ratify the treaty for the con
struction of the Panama canal.
In conclusion Hoar pleaded 1 all
the facts and, asked that they be sent
to the Senate through the usual official
channels.
GORMAN ASSAILS PRESIDENT.
Gorman took the floor as soon as
Hoar hadi concluded. He paid that
Democratic Senators generally were as
favorable to the construction of the
canal as Republicans. He congratu
lated the •country on the possession of
a Senator like Hoar, who, he said, was
following many examples of courage,
patriotism and disinterestedness in the
Senate. Gorman said the facts were all
that were desired, and he referred to
the extension of the .executive influ
ence, saying that this, influence had
been extended "the Senate Jiad
become practically the agent of the
executive." He criticized the selection
by the President of Commissioners
from the Senate to negotiate treaties
as a reprehensible practice, and de
clared that the Associated Press se
cured its suggestions as to informa
tion dbout events from the administra
tion. He also condemned executive
interference in State, politics.
But none of these transgressions
could be compared, he declared, to the
action of the executive in connection
with the affair in Panama. .
'"It is," he said, "the most flagrant
act of transgression that has ever
taken place in the history of the coun
try, and it should be resisted without
regard to party." .
CRITICIZES V LOOMIS' SPEECH.
Gorman adversely criticised the
speech made by Assistant Secretary of
State Loomis before the Quill Club of
New York a few nights ago. He said
that Loomis, > while excited by wine,
had "given information which the Sen
ate had not ¦ had from the administra
tion or from any- other source.
"He. did ' not," - Gorman continued,
"tellthe country all the facts, but he
made the broad assertion ' that the
President was a bold and great man,
who" had the courage and the patriotism
to land marines and seize a part of the
territory of the republic , of [ polbmbla,
wh'ich we wereunder contract to guar
antee to that /country." This, 'In> the
light of the facts ; about us, 1 Is nothing
less, than usurpation." V
Gorman then discussed the President
as a "second Napoleon." .
• 4 'A~second Napoleon, indeed!" he ex-
Gorman, .in the Course 1 of a
Partisan . Speech, Accuses the
Presidentof, Having; Usurped
the Rights of Congress
-FOR ARliKDEFENDS ACTS '
OF; THE :-ADMIMSTRATION
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W., "WASHINGTON, Dec. 17.— Senator
Hoar and Mr. Scott, editor of the Port
land Oregonian, turned their backs on
one another in the Senate elevator to
day. The veteran editor from Oregon
was a guest of Senator Mitchell from
that State, and they met the sage of
Massachusetts In the elevator.
"Senator Hoar, let me present my
friend, Mr. Scott, editor of the Portland
Oregonian," said Mitchell.
"I -must decline to shake hands with
Mr. Scott," replied Hoar. "He insulted
my dear friend. Senator Morrill, some
years ago by saying that he remained
in the Senate long- after he was dead,
and refused to be buried to save funeral
expenses."
Mitchell and Scott were taken aback
by the outburst of Hoar, but Scott de
nied that he had ever insulted Morrill.
"You are the editor of the Oregonian,
and that paper did it," retorted Hoar.
"You are responsible for what appears
in the paper, are you not? I decline to
shake hands with you, sir."
Scott was now as angry as Senator
Hoar, and while there was little room
iri^the crowded elevator for him to turn
his bulky figure, he did so and retorted:
"I am responsible, and I turn my
back on you, sir."
By this time the elevator had reached
the Senate landing and Senator Hoar
made his exit.
Hoar Calls Up His Resolution
Asking for Information as
to This Government's Part
.? in* the 'Panama -Revolution
Says the Newspaper Once In
sulted Friend of His by Re
ferring; to Him as of the Dead
Burden of Cost of. Realty
Proposed Plan Takes, From the
People of This Country the
NATIVES GIVEN CHOICE
HAS AN OLD GRIEVANCE
SENATORS
IN BITTER
COLLOQUY
Massachusetts Sage Refuses to
Shake Hands AVith Editor
of the Portland Oregonian
Lieutenant Perrill explained that it
was not war, but a friendly visit. Gen
eral Novo, however, refused to give
him any information. An interpreter
who boarded the schooner learned that
she had seventy or'eighty armed men,
packed sardine-like in her hold.
•-The Atlanta then signaled to Li&u
tenant Perrill to return to his ship and
later.- the 'lieutenant returned to the
shore ; to vfcslt General Ortiz, the com
mander in "chief of the Colombians*.
Thjsjttlme he ? took .with, ; him a dozen
rifles^ concealed in the" bow of the
wh'aleboat, for an emergency. The
whaleboat was rowed steadily toward
the schooner, the excitement increasing
as she approached, but when Lieuten
ant Perrill went on shore-'GeTujrarOrtiz
appeared on- the beach and the excite
ment'subsided. '¦ . • ¦-. •<-.
r General x5rtiz insisted, that Lieuten
ant-Per rill snouldihy the Colombian
flag-,at the bow -of the whaleboat, or
lower.«the American flag at Her stern,
because she was in Colombia a wateisj.
Lieiutenant .Perrill replied *th.-\t, he did
.nojVhave a Colombian flag and refusod
t^lower the Stars and Stripes. . Gen]
,ejral Ortiz v did not insist upon. his : so
doing;/ but he protested in , writing
against the presence j3t the Americans
lln Colombian waters. Lieutenant Per
rill accepted the protest and conveyed
it -to" Commander Turner, who handed
it to ,Rear Admiral Coghlan on his ar
rival here. ' .
' General Ortiz seemed uncertain at the
beginning : whether war .had been de
.clared. He left Cartagena on Decem
ber 2 and .some of the others declared
they had been in the gulf for a month
past conducting defensive and prepara
tory operations. The general's protest
reads. -partly as follows: . . . ,
; "Tothe captain of the Atlanta;: Dan
iel Ortiz, commandant general r of a di
vision of the Colombian army and first
adjutant , to General Reyes, protests
most energetically in the ;nam? of the
Colombian Government and all Colom
bians against the ' presence of Amer
ican warships In our waters. ,You are
citizens of ( a. powerful country, im
'mensely rich and possessing vast nurn
;bers of inhabitants.' On the contrary,
we are bankrupt and'our immense'ter
ritories are .'depopulated. Colombia, has
been bled 'by civil Avars, but
to-day_in-.the Manama* matter and re
garding yourselves, we belleva we have
right and' justice on our side. Do not
doubt it. -The god of nations will' be
on our 'side. 'Against . him squadron's
and cannon -.shall .not prevail. '. Every
man or. woman,' is capable
of rising to the heights of heroism.
VD. ORTIZ."'
General Ortiz sent another .communi
cation to. .Commander Turner asking
what .orders* the commander had from
Washington regarding the movements
of .1 Colombian warships in Colombian
waters, ; to which Commander Turner
answered, saying they would be treated
as would the vessels of any other pow
er with which the United States was
at peace.
After saying that he was satisfied
with* Commander Turner's . answer the
general said:. . . %¦¦£ ,..:V T . ¦< ¦
"I beg that}ypu-w.{h'fea\-e this port,!
because vtlr'e"^'a^r'9'surrbunding ; it r are
4n..£lie-depaftment ;6f Cauca. I; permit,
myself tp infortti y6u that the rebel de
partrt4ht ofc 'Par/atria' borders on Gauca'
at Tiburon. So long as war is not de
clared it seems to me only just and
natural that American warships should,
not enter the waters south of Tiburon."
Commander Turner disregarded this.
Having accomplished the purpose of,
his visit to the gulf, namely, to find the
Colombians, the Atlanta started for
Colon on the night of December 15.
"The Colombians carefully and sys :
tematically made efforts to avoid giv 1
ing any information as to what pur
poses had brought them to the gulf or
whether they were building roads to
ward the republic of Panama. But it
can be said that they are. awaiting
superior orders. In the meantime there
are strong probabilities that they are
building a road toward Panama. The
distance separating Tltumatl and Ya
viza is sixty miles.
The Colombians declared they had
2000 men between the mouth of the
Atrato and Tiburon well supplied with
food, clothing and ammunition. They
have also several pieces of ' artillery
mounted advantageously at coast
points. T.heir demeanor, though polite,
clearly showed hostility and deep cha
grin at having been discovered. Many
indications pointed to their intention
of bringing more men and supplies to
the gulf.
Taft Makes Pnblic retails of
Agreement With the Rep
resentative of the Vatican
claimed. "Has it : come to this, that
the United States must have a Na
.polepn to shape its destinies and' to
'distort the Presidential office from its
'., proper functions ?"
Here Aldrich asked Gorman whether
it was , the "purpose or the recoricen
trated Democracy to defeat the treaty."
CHALLENGES A STATEMENT.
After some parley Gorman exclaimed:
"I say to the Senator from Rhode
Island that if the case stands as it is
now, with only the information the ad
ministration has furnished us to this
hour, then we regard it as a most ob
jectionable transaction. . And let me
say . to ! the Senator, when you talk
about responsibility, we can take the
responsibility and say to the adminis
tration without regard to party: 'Con
gress has directed you to do one of
t\v6- things,-- to construct the canal and
do it -.without delay; when you cannot
get it at Panama go to Nicaragua and
construct; it there and do it at once.'
Yet Mr.; Loomis in his speech has the
audacity to say the reason why they
did not go to Nicaragua and attempted
no negotiations with Costa Riea. or
Nicaragua,, as •.provided by the Spooner
act/ was because'" eminent- engineers
have said^Nicaragjia was not the prop
er route/; for the": construction °' the
: ¦SThat[-staternent I challenge. It
cannot verified: But one member of
the committee!; expressed a doubt as to
the feasibility, of the Nicaragua route.
: "1 1 do not desire to do the President
of the -United 'States .any injustice. I
respect the. office. ,.,1 believe that who
ever oqcupies 'it ought to have fair con
sideration.' But' the executive must
have a respect for Congress and a spe
cial consideration for the Senate of the
United States when it comes to the
confirmation of treaties, for he cannot
make one without its consent. When
the attempt to "deprive us of all the
facts is made I resent it. And it is
not the first instance of such action
and of dictating to Congress. I resent
it and fi have resented it at the cost
of estranging some of my political as
sociates in the past when we had a
Democratic President of the United
States. I accord President 'Roosevelt
the same treatment."
FORAKER ARRAIGNS HOAR.
When Gorman had concluded, For
aker began^ a severe arraignment of
Hoar's position, saying that when he
read the newspaper accounts of the
Democratic caucus, which agreed that
caucus should be binding, he knew that
there, would be trouble; that the Demo
crats would vote as a unit on every
matter except when the vote interfered
with individual conscience. Foraker
said he had felt no great surprise when
the attack on the President had been
made on the Democratic side of the
chamber, but that he had been shocked
when the Senator from Massachusetts
made the character of speech he did
and that the country would be equally
surprised. He said Hear's speech
should have been made in executive
session, if at all. ' ¦
Foraker declared that an attack had
been made, nottm the President alone,,
but on the country and .that at a time!
when the eyes of the world were upon;
us.
"I have no doubt," said Foraker,
"that the President acted with the.'
loftiest of motives and the highest ofc
ideals when he took the action he did';
in reference to the republic of Pan-;
ama," -, . . , . . , . .
Foraker 3aid he could think of no ac~
tion on the part of the President calling
for such remarks as those made by
Senator Hoar. Hoar,' interrupting,;
said: - . . - . ' .
t'The Senator from Ohio either wholly
misunderstands what I said or willfully
perverts my meaning." .
.HOAR MAKES EXPLANATION.
After a little further 'debate Hoar
obtained the floor.
"My Doint is this," said Hoar. *'I
say that the President has said to the
public and to the Senate that he dis
claims certain conduct as unworthy of
him and Ij called attention to the fact
that the documents which he s*ent in
failed to make that clear by not dis
tinctly disclaiming that he or the ad
ministration had notice of that revolu,
tlon or that our forces had prevented
the lawful Government from anticipat
ing that outbreak; that I believed 'from
my knowledge of the President that
his statement was actually true, and
therefore I asked him to supply the
lacking information by stating on"
what ground the administration pro
ceeded in taking the step. That, is all.
And I do not propose, after thirty-four
years of servico within these walls, to
trouble myself to contradict again an
imputation to me of any other meaning
of Indirectness or artifice on my part.
If the ' Senator from Ohio chooses to
charge me with it, of course I cannot
help it. He will do his duty."
"I am delighted," retorted Foraker,
"that the Senator from Massachusetts
is not afraid of anybody. I do not
know Of any reason .why he should be
afraid of anybody. He made a speech.
I. am undertaking to make some an
swer to it.
"Now, the President has said there
was no conference, "ho intrigue. And
yet the Senator from Massachusetts
demands that* the President shall sub
mit proof to him that he was telling the
truth when he made the statement
that he had not connived." •
COLLOQUY IS RESUMED.
Foraker then proceeded to review
briefly the history of the rising on the
isthmus, saying that the happenings
there were common '- knowledge to all
newspaper readers and to all persons
who had observed the fate of the canal
treaty in the Colombian Congress and
had any knowledge of human nature.
Foraker said: "- '{. >. .::¦ •
"No agent was sent to the President
and no agent was. sent to Panama,
which had a right to go into rebellion.
Weeks before she declared her inde
pendence it became known unofficially
that she would take the step."
The administration at Washington,
he said! was not unmindful of the sit-,
uation, - "and the President took the
steps indicated by the telegrams and
from which Senator Hoar derives such
conclusions." ¦
Hoar was on his feet again and in
terrupted: •
'.VI distinctly said that I had no criti
cism to make on that score. I not only
disclaimed what the Senator Imputes to
me, ;, but made what was the strongest
argument I could think of,; to show all
concerned there was no criticism what
ever proposed."
"I am glad the Senator, has. reconsid
ered: and" concluded "to Interrupt me
remarked^ Foraker, • amid the
FRIAR LANDS
FOR FILIPINOS
SENATOR HOAR'S
LONG MEMORY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER IS, 1903;
ARMY OF COLOMBIANS IS ENCAMPED
.NEAR THE PASSES LEADING TO PANAMA
Continued 'From Page 1, Column 4.
We are selling: agents for .fountain
pens that will nt your" hand ; cost from
$1.00 to $5.00 each. Sanborn, Vail & Co,
741 Market st -;•
Comtesso President of Switzerland. UJ
BERNE, Dec. 17.— M. Comtesse, a : .
member of the Bundesrath fromlNeuj'
chatel, and M.-*Ruecha, a .'member
fro rif the J canton ; Devaud, were j to-day
elected respectively President and .Vice
President of Switzerland foV 1904. rf
Pottery Companies Form Pool.
TRENTON, N. J., Dec. 17. — A pot
tery selling company incorporated
here has been formed as the result of
an agreement/among practically all of
the sanitary potteries of the United
States for the purpose of controlling
prices and regulating the,; output of
each pottery. v . '
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
• Chas. Keilus & Co..
E x c 1 u si v e
High-Grade Clothiers
No Branch f-tom: Ho Agents.
Clothes for After Dark
When the Lights' Are Lit
And for All -Occasions
'Formal or Informal
Complete Stock Always
for immediate* Service
Reaso nab 1 y priced
® ; I32 ®
K e, a ,r n y S t r e e t
X h u r 1 o w B 1 o c k
• To Cure a Cold, in One Day. >
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine' Tablets. All
druggie t s refund the money U it tails .to cans
E. W. Grove's signature is on each box. 25c *
DB. KILMEB'S SWA2EP-R00T. \J
THDIISANDS HAVL KIDNlY
r TROUBLE Al DDNT KM IT
liilii ¦ ' fill i
To Prove what S.Wamp : Root, the Great Kidney Remedy,
Will Do for /YOU. JSvery Reader of Call" May
Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail. ' ; ;"
,«. - 1 - • > . ¦ •' ¦¦ ¦'.'. ' .'¦¦'¦ "•¦'
Weak and unhealthy kidneys arc responsible for more sickness
and suffering than any other disease-therefore, when; through
neglect or other causes, kidney trouble is permitted to continue,
fatal results arc surgjto, follow. - •„ . , \ v ... ; :
Your other organs* may need attention— but yjpur kidneys most,
because they do most and need attention first.' v< ¦•
If you arc sick or* ",'f eel . badly,'* begin taking Dr. '-Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney ..liver and bladder remedy, because
cs^oon as your kidneys .l>egtn to get better they will help all the
other organs to health. Aerial will convince any one. V:
j The mild and immediate effect of Dr. day.-^marting or irritation in passing.
Kilmer's S\vamp-Roc»t. the great kidney bfick'dust or sediment in the Urine,
and bladder remedy, is soon realized/ It headache, backache, lame back, dizzi-
stands the highest for its : wonderfal ness, sleeplessness,- . nervousness, heart
cures of the most distressing cases, disturbance due 'to bad kidnev trouble.
S>vamp-Root will set your' whole sys- skin eruptions from bad blood, neural-
tem right, and the best proof of this gia. rheumatism, diabetes, bloating.' ir-
is a trial. :J , ritability, worq-out feeling, lack of am-
14 east 120TH ST.. new tork city. -' bition. lo*s of flesh. 6allow comDlexion.
rx-ar sir: Oct. is. i»03. or- B right's -disease. . ',
. -'I had tx>en eutiering »e\-erely fraia kidney ' yr ,,„.,. w3 *- r ,,.t,» n nllnu.)./) t-n ¦¦ -i-t-
trcubi?. aii Fjmrtoms we™ on .hin<j : ms' ,lt your water )\hen allowed to re-
former ftrfneth and potrer had left me; i main undisturbed in a glass or bottle for
a h Sc^^ E a K^ twenty-four hours.^orms a .sediment or
»iish«»a to file, it was then i saw an adivertie*- settling or has a cloudy appearanc.e, it
ment of yours in a New Vork rap^r, but would j s evidence that your kidneys and
rromieed .-1^wora'guara" Vee" with every bott?- ' bladder need immediate attention.
of your medicine. a.*sert ine that your Swamp- Swamp-Root is the great discovery of
Root ts purely Vesetabre and doee not contain r»i- TTilmffr tVi#» »»minf»nt lridn*>v anH
tny harmful <Jru«rs. I am seventy years and Ur - Kilmer, _ tne eminent Kidney and
four iponth* old. and with a good conscience i bladder specialist. Hospitals use it
rr a om r KMne? C troS mp -?o°Cr &&T7i? l 2J "'Onderful success in both slight
family have been using Swam^-Root for four an( i severe cases. Doctors recommend
tflffFrent kidney diseases with the earne good jt to their patients and use it in their
thanks to you. I remain. own families, because they,' recognize
, y very truly yours. in Swamp-Root the greatest and most
Robert derxer. successful remedyf ¦. ¦ n . :^'
You may liave a sample bottle of this Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and
famous kidney remedy. Swamp-Root, is for sale af drug stores the world
sent, free by mail, post-paid, by which ove». in -bottles^of-lwo sizes_and two
you may test its virtues for such dls- prices — fifty cents and one dollar. Re-
orders as kidney, bladder and uric acid member the name, Swamp-Root, and
diseases, poor digestion, being obliged the address. Bin,ghamton, N. Y., On
to pass your water frequently niglit and every bottle. j
EDITORIAL NOTICE-ilf you have" the. slightest symptoms .of .kid-- ¦
.. uey or bladder trouble. .or if ihere is a trace of it in your family history, send 1
at once to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Binghamton, N. Y., who will gladly send yon :
by mail, immediately, without; cost to you, a sample bottle of Swamp-Root |
?.r.d a book containing: many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial
letters received from men arid Women cured. In writing, be sure to say that
you read this generous offer in the San Francisco Daily Call.
COTTOLEJJE.
|f Nature's Gift-ifrom the Sunny South | j
, H No matter how faithful and hon- \**&£Ms&2&\^^^^ ||
|| est your cook; may be, she is behind • jri
k| the times if she uses lard or cooking butter for frying and shortening. ••|,1
! H The,great medical and cooking. authorities of the country say so; they 1 li
|| - endorse Cottolene as the most palatable, healthful and economical cook-- KB
fl ~"mg fat. on the market. The following names of Cottolene endorsers': Bl
frj Mrs. Sf.rah Tyson Rorer, Mrs. Emma P. Ewing, Marion Harlar.d, ¦ j M!
El Mrs. Eliza ; *R. Parker, Lida Ames Willis. Mrs. Janet M. Hill. Dr. Mary E>- f I
H Green, Migs Margaret Wbter, Mrs. Elizabeth O. Hillei*. Mrs. Helen Arm-:' I- j
E| strong, Christine Terhune Herrick, Mrs. F. A. Benson. R. Ogden Doremis. B|
|| M. D., LL. D., J. Hobart Egbert, A..M., M. D., Ph. D.. and hundreds of fl
n others, Prominent /in household economy and the medical profession. |4
H *USB 5$ LESS. Cottolene being richer than either lard or ccoking pi
|j butter, one-third less is required. p\
H TTT^TTT? Send as a Sc stamp to pay postage and well mall you a eppy of our fcoolj ? Kj \
Ka *»-E»4«* "Homo Helps," edited by Mrs. Rorer.' which contains 300 choice- recipes; rU >
81 Made only by .THE N. K. FAIRBANK COMPANY. Dept 260 . Chicago J |SACRAMENTO, Dec. 17.^ — Gover
nor Perdee has declined to Interfere
in the case of Bert Ross, sentenced to
be hanged. The execution of the or
der of the court is scheduled to take
place at San Quentin to-morrow.
Ross 3Iu$t Hang; To-Day.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 17. — Discour
aged with the hard work and gener
ally bad conditions prevailing at the
railroad camp where he had been em
ployed, Johann Schmidt, aged 65
years, who came here from Germany
seven weeks ago with his wife and
children, hanged himself early this
morning at the home of his brother
in-law, Joseph Meyer,. 1101 Union
avenue, this city. x
I lanes Himself When • Despondent.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 17.— Hans
Juhl of 500 Pacific street, San Fran
cisco, was arrested to-day. He is ac
cused of having threatened th« life
of Mis3 Katie Johnson of this city.
Miss Johnson claims that several
days ago she received a letter from
Juhl to the effect that if she did not
marry him forthwith he would kill
her or her sister. Miss Johnson im
mediately turned, the epistle over to
the authorities and this afternoon
Constable Henry Xucas went to San
Francisco and placed Juhl under ar
rest. He was brought to this city.
San Franciscan Goes to Jail at San
Rafael Uocausc of an Epistle
Sent to a Woman.
THREAT IN A LETTER
CAUSE OF HIS ARREST
TARI5. Dec. 17. — A d*n»e for which en
velcped Tarts to-<lay caused a collision between
ttro electric cars In the suburbs of Kersey-
L«*. 5«<:e. Nineteen persons were iajar-d,
»«T»r. of thein scricusiy.
PUEBLO. Colo., Dec. 17. — After a
sensational trial before a jury in the
District Court, Mrs. I. Carrie Johnson,
a female doctor, was to-day pro
nounced guilty of murder in the sec
ond degree for having performed a
criminal operation upon Mrs. Pearl
Gordon, wife of a United States re
cruiting officer.
Woman Doctor Found Guilty.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 17. — William
Rhoades, ex-County Clerk of Sacra
mento County, has been arrested for
non-support of his children. The
warrant was sworn to at the request
of his wife. Mrs. Belle Rhoades, a res
ident of LarTcspur. Rhoades was
found in San Francisco and brought
to San Rafael.
The Rhoadeses were at one time
prominent society people of the cap
ital city. Mrs. Rhoades was Miss
Belle Chatfield, and Rhoades is the
son of Edward R. R.hoades, formerly
general manager of the Pennsylvania
and Reading Railroad. His uncle, A.
J. Rhoades, is a prominent politician
of California. Rhoades himself was
for many years in the Sacramento
County Clerk's office.
County Accused of Not Support
ing Offspring.
Former Clerk Rhoades of Sacramento
FATHER TAKEN* TO JAIL
FOR NEGLECT OF CHILDREN
PORTLAND, Or.. Dec. 17.— As the re
sult of the fire which visited the lower
portion of the business section of the
city at midnight, three Chinese are
known to have lost their lives and
damage to the amount of at least $42,
0C0 was done.
Portions of the burned buildings were
occupied by Chinese opium smokers,
who in tha excitement and fright
caused by the fire and not comprehend
ing the danger fought desperately with
the firemen who dragged them from the
burning structures. Over fifty Chinese
were saved thus.
The police and Fire Department offi
cials express the belief that further
search will reveal the fact that there
were several more victims of the
flames.
The fire originated in a Chinese res
taurant and spread with great rapidity
through the structure, finally attacking
the buildings on either side. A joss
house with its expensive furniture was
among the Chinese losses by the fire.
FRESNO, Dec. IT.— Elmer Fentrlss,
a well-known young society man of
this city, who has for several years
be-?n ~a trusted insurance clerk in the
e*r.D:oy of the f.rm of Moore &. Cate,
ha? disappeared and nearly JlfHiO of the
firm's money is missing.
Fentriss stood high in the regard of
his employers, who trusted him abro
hxlely. On the day before Thanksgiv
ing he left for San Francisco to attend
a prizefight and was told by his em
ployers that he could take a Fhort va
& cation if he so desired. Since then
rothing has been heard of him.
It has been only v.ithin the past week
that ilcore & Cate have given up hope
of his returning and have had his books
' experted. showing the shortage in his
acrounts.
Fentriss belongs to a highly respected
familv in this city. He was formerly
one of the best known amateur pugil
ists on ihe coast.
Sp«cia.J DJrpatch to The Call.
Fresno Insurance Clerk Takes
a Vacation and His Em
ployers Expert the Books
Three Orientals Die in Flames,
but Many Are Rescued at a
Blaze in City of Portland
FIREMEN SAVE
FIFTY CHINESE
The Everett police are investigating
his sanity and In the meantime com
municating with the Milwaukee police,
as Fredericks tells exactly where he
lived end worked.
TACOMA, Dec. 17.— A weird story is
told by Ernest Fredericks, who applied
for lodging at the Everett police sta
tion last night. He claims to have been
a prisoner on board a strange ship for
the past three years and that he was
put ashore at Everett. He says the
last thing he remembers about his
home in Milwaukee is that he •was
walking along the street one evening
In September, 1900. The next thing he
remembers he was on board ship. How
long after leaving Milwaukee this was
done he does not know. He thinks he
was shanghaied.
Ever since that time, Fredericks says,
he has been a prisoner on board some
strange steamer. He claims that he
was kept below deck and waited on of
ficers who sr>oke English. The mem
bers of the crew were all Chinese. He
could never learn the name of the ship
or the business she was engaged in.
Once or twice he saw the shores of
strange lands. On one occasion he
heard big guns fired over his head, but
could not learn what the trouble was.
Fart of the time the steamer was in
tropical seas and part of the time in
the cold zone.
Four days ago. Fredericks says, he
was transferred to a small ship. The
exchange was made at night near some
shore. He was kept a prisoner on the
second craft until he was landed from
a rowboat on the shore near Everett.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FIRM FINOS
COIN MISSING
Urs. Brazelton, describing the fight,
paid the blows v.hich the dog received
BOTmddJ like the reports of a revolver
ar.d they followed each other with rapid
succession. The ficht lasted qjily a
short time, but to the frightened occu
pants of the house it seemed an age
before the big dos suddenly dropped
W T.s^less beneath a vicious blow and
th» thieves turned and ficd.
The dog had on other occasions
fhowa himself equal to battle with
thieves, and r-o the expected happened
when the visitors pot on the porch.
Prince was standing in the hallway,
¦with nothing but a screen between him
cr;d the men. Before they knew what
was coming the b!g dog made a spring
toward them, going through the screen
like a shot.
The obstruction made him fall short
of the mark, but before the burglars
could recover from their surprise he
had again bounded toward them, grab
bing one by the vest and coat. Then
came the battle. Time and again the
deg was beaten off. by a club, but he
always bounded back, savagely seek
ing: to bury his teeth in the neck of
either of his antagonists.
SAN BERNARDINO. Dec. IT.— A ter
riSc battle occurred here last night be
tween a bulldog and two thieves. It
erded in the dog driving the men off.
though not before.it had been severely
Injured.
Shortly before midnight two men ap
proached the residence of Robert Braz
e!tcn on Fourth street. They made an
Rtterr.pt. to eecure an entrance through
the window, but. failing, started for the
front porch. Their pnrviiag about the
premises had alarmed Mrs. Brazelton
sr.d Miss Gladys Brarelton. who, with
the exception of Prince, the bulldog,
•were alcce in the house.
Spec:*! Dispatch to The Call.
Authorities of a Washington
Town Investigate Mental Con
dition of Puzzling Visitor
Frightened Women Watch the
Territie Onslaught of Animal
. When the Intruders Arrive
FIEBCE FKJHT FOR LIFE
YEARS BELOW THE DECK
Vigorous Southern California
Canine Makes Things Un
pleasant for Pair of Criminals
Bemarkable Story Is Told by
a Man Who Asks Police
for Shelter and Protection
STRANGE SHIP
HIS PRISON
DOG BATTLES
WITH THIEVES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER IS. 1903.
3
yj-'f-"'' ; 4>K ADVERTISEMENTS. "_
. • • m '
' dr
If you are in search of a go:d Christmas present for grandfather, father, husbind, brother, uncle or friend, a glance
over this list of suggestions will help you.
These are practical presents — gifts that are useful. They are first class in quality and are of such character as to faith-
fully perform the mission for which they are intended. \ Ihey are th? kind that are a source of economy to the giver and
pleasure to the recipient.
Where a size is not known to the giver, or where it is preferable for the recipient to choose the pattern, style or color
of the article, our "Merchandise Order," issued for any amount, will b? found convenient.
Anything purchased here may be exchanged after Christmas if desired, either for goods of the same or of
different character. "Mn every instance an equivalent in value will be given in the exchange, or, if preferred, money will
be refunded.
Santa Claus is here with gifts for the children. Any child accompanied by an adult will be given a present. Open
Smoking Jackets Good Gifts for Men Gifts for Men and Boys
Smoking Jackets, made of double-faced Janus Cravcnettc rain coats, made by us from genuine Men's made to measure clothing, from $10.00
cloth,' in oxford, black, navy, brown, silver gray, Cravenette cloth, purchased direct from Priestley to $45-O°- * r
carnet and ourole in checked or strincd mix- & Co " ScvcraT shades to select from at prices : • r . -y^+M
garnet and purple, in checked or stnpeu mix , ranging from $10.00 to $25.00. Men's ready-made clothing, from $10.00 to
tares, at $4.00, $5.00, $6.00, $7.00, $7.50, $3.oo. - $35.00.
$8.50 and $10.00; made of extra heavy mercer- ;' - '
Jzed matelasce in hlark- hrnwn ami naw it Men s tancy vests, of our" own make, in a . Our stock of sweaters contains all the pleasing
• ized matelasse, n black, brown and imj. at splendid assortment of all materials, from $1.00 color combinations in the latest stitches and \
$5.00; made of silk matelasse, lined with fine silk to $3.50. -¦' knits
or satin, at $10.00; made of velveteen, lined with ' _ The men's sizes arc from 34 to 44, and the <
plain or quilted satin in green, tan, black, brown, Men's sleeping garments made of almost a prices arc from $1.00 to $4.00 each,
navy and garnet, at $8.00. :l ':*}*¦- dozav different materials; night shirts from 50c to The boys' sweaters arc from 2 to 5 years,
$2.00 each; pajamas from $1.00 to $3.50 a suit. from 75c to $1.50; and for larger boys from 75c
' to $2.00 each.
Bath robes made of eiderdown flannel in har- ( . *„ * -" ¦
IS monizing checks, stripes i.nd figures, for $6.00. ?£"* '!" en , ha "J kerchiefs. 25c to 50c. Men's shirts in colored goods from 50c to -
* • F h Mens silk handkerchiefs, from 25c to $1.00 C2.00 each; in wh:s linen at $1.00 and $1.50 each.
— c ach. ... ~ : Shuts for boys in colored and white material*
Dressing gowns made of double-faced Janus Mens silk reefers, for full-dress wear, from from 50c to $1.00.
¦ cloth, excellently made garments, fastened with $1.00 to- 82.50. '; y - —^
, j 1 - m • 1 . ~ 1 1 " c carry an exquisite stock of silk neckwear
two loops and a heavy girdle with tassel around -\r»^ # , 1 ,- 1 * . r *«- »*,»„ -,nA k^c
. e • j e ' Mens hosiery, in a complete assortment, from »or men and boys,
waist; prices are 510.00, 512.50 and »i35°- 10c to 75c a pair. The men's ties range from 25c to $ijoo each;
All our smokinc iacktts and dre^inc cowns .Men's underwear, comprising all styles, from ,, , . , , « lf ,
/\u our smoKing jacKTts ana arcing b j Mens suspenders, with tancy buckles, from
are made by us in our own workshops, from ma- v * v^ , • 50C to $ 3 . 00 a pa j r; DOys ' SUS p Cn ders from X5C
tcrial bought directly from the weavers. Through g , o^ frQm iht facst {rom %iQQ to 50c
these facilities we ¦ save every customer from %2^ a pair . . £- . q cQrd amJ
$2.00 to $5.00 on a garmety. ; /- * vV - ; leather, in all the popular styles, from 45c to
The ga'rments above pictured are sketched Suit cases and grips, made from all the popu- $ 2M> each. •
from a group of Jiving models, who had donned lar leathers; cases from $5.00 to $12.00; grips
the garments for the occasion. The picture from $2.50 to $8.oo ; . Clothing for lads from 3 to 10 years, from $2.50
. . , , , , c to $7.50; for boys from 7 to 15 years, trom $2.75
shows just how the garments look, except for Men - S h a ts, from $1.30 to $4.00, comprising all to $10.00; for youths from 12 to 19 years, from
their beautiful coloring. * styles. $6.00 to $25.00. *
by mail as well as though £ yr r ' (Fjijji N iw B — ¦¦ ¦¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦¦ 1— «**^^^ ' the pattern, color, style
the purchase was made in , , and size he desires. We is-
person. Address Dept L 7-40 MSPkCt StPCCt ' sue orders for any amount
ADVZBTXSEMEITTS.
Atwcys tha Seme Good Old Blciz
Some good grocers* don't
jt\\ Schilling's Best, and some
poor ones do; no doubt.
but the rule don't run that
way. ,Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND. Dec. 17.— The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: Frank K.
Blue, over 21, and Maude E. V. Hall,
over 18. both of San Francisco;
Adolph C. Pencaco, 29, and Lida Go
mes, 18, both of San- Leandro; Her
mann Hadlen, over 21, and Alice Don
ovan, over 18. both of Berkeley; Man
uel Perreria, 23. and Rose ,V.' Vierra,
18, both of "Oakland; Christian Gre
dig, 32, and Menga Nicca, 30," both of
Oakland. '
CHICAGO. Dec. 17. — Thirteen hun
dred livery and undertakers' drivers
will go on strike to-morrow to enforce
a demand for a wage increase of^2 a
week.' - Besides* the drivers, the strike
will affect 700 stablemen.
Chicago Drivers Will Strike.
The* Board of Health j-esterday ac
cepted the resignation of Dr. Alex
Keenan as assistant sanitary inspect
or. The resignation will take effect
January 1, 1904. and Keenan's suc
cessor will not be appointed until
then, if at all.
Health Officer O'Brien complained
of the unsafe and unsanitary condi
tion of premises at 2014 and 2016 Polk
street, 2738 Mission. 820 and 822 Clay
street, and the board cited the own
ers to appear on December 31, 1903,
at 10 a. m. to sHow cause why the
premises should not be condemned.
The protest of property owners
against the establishment of a laun
dry at 1620 and 1622 Pacific street
was sustained, i Chinese are now oc
cupying the premise^ but the board
has refused to grant a license.
W. H. Cook, cook, at the almshouse,
was formally suspended by the board.
ACCEPTS RESIGNATION OF
A SANITARY INSPECTOR
Point LoIm)s Imi>rovement Club Doing
Excellent Work for the Outside
< District.
The Point Lobos Improvement Club,
is alive to the needs of its district.
Every effort is being made to have
the' streets Improved and get better
lighting and better car service, and
the energetic work of the members is
being crowned with success.
It was- decided to have Clement
street bituminized between First and
Tenth avenues and the width of the
sidewalks reduced from . nineteen to
fifteen feet. Petitions were signed
and sent to the Board of Works. The
club received word ' that the United
Railroads would willingly set back its
poles and also lay heavier rails in
place of the present ones.
R. A. Vance and Dr. F. C. Muller
were appointed a committee to wait
upon Manager Chapman of the United
Railroads and secure a four and a
half minute car service west of t the
carhouse to the Chutes.
The following officers were elected
for the ensuing year: President^
George S. Baum; first vice president,
G. R. Blank; second vice president.
Charles F. Mueller; treasurer, Phil J.
Ward; . financial . secretary, John J.
Cassidy; recording secretary, Dr. H.
A. NIemeyer; sergeant at arms, Cap
tain John McFarland; executive com
mittee, O. K. Cushing, Edward Gin
ley, Harry W. Jandin, J. E. Shoemak
er, Robert A. Vance,' William de Wolf
and Dr. F. C. Muller. •
ELECTS NEW OFFICERS
FOR THE COMING YEAR
PARIS, Dee. 18.— The Journal hears
from Berlin that Princess Charlotte of
Saxe-Meiningen, a sister of Emperor
William, who has been ill for some
time, is suffering from cancer and that
the verdict of the physicians created
consternation in th<? German court and
had a bad effect upon the recovery of
the Emperor.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 17.
Charles Jump, who alleged that his
two children, Letha and Elmor, were
being restrained "by Mrs. Klllonberger
of 1773 Chase street in this city on
account of a $100 note he owed her,
gained possession of his offsprings
through a writ of habeas corpus this
afternoon. Judge Ellsworth in making
hfs decision said to Mrs. Klllonberyrer:
"This man may owe you the money,
madam, but such a thing as holding
human flesh and. blood for a debt is
monstrous and something the law does
not recognize. There is only one thing
for me to do, and that is to give the
children to their father, who is legally
entitled" to them."
In defense of her position Mrs. Kll
ienberger said to the Judge: "This
man came to me a stranger, three years
ago. . His wife had deserted him and
out the two children on the stage in
Seattle. He agreed to pay me ?10 a
mbnth for taking care of them. He has
borrowed $100, for which I hold his
note, besides which he owes me about
$50 more. The girl, he told me, should
never leave me and IJiave been paying
forvpiano lessons for her out of my
own pocket."
Mrs. Mabel Jump, the motlnr of the
children, sat in the rear of the court
room while the discussion went on be
fore the Judge. She is not Jump's .wife,
as he got a divorce from her oh the
ground of desertion about two years
ago. He said, however, that they were
to be married over again and in the
meantime he was trying to get his
children.
After the decision Mrs. KiUenberger
kissed the two children, to whom she
had been as a -mother, and left the
courtroom.
The charity entertainment cf the Cal
ifornia Liquor Dealers' Association at
the Grand Opera-house last night was
a pronounced success. Every seat in
the large theater was -occupied and
standing room was at a premium. A
large amount was netted for charity
and a merry Christmas Is assured for
many crippled and poor children, this
by the thoughtfulness of the associa
tion.
The benefit was the result of a de
termination made last year on the part
of the retail liquor dealers to dispense
with the distribution of what has been
commonly known as Christmas bottles
and respond to the call of charity. Each
year much money has been expended
by the liquor men in supplying these
packages for their patrons, and the
custom came to be abused as well as
the occasion of many difficulties. Last
year a few of the liquor dealers met
and decided on a plan in its stead.
They collected an amount of money
equal to the cost of their Christmas
gifts and donated it to the charitable
institutions of the city, giving particu
lar attention to those that sheltered
homeless and crippled children.
A few- months ago the movement be
came unanimous among the dealers and
it was decided to give a charity enter
tainment and to distribute tickets, pur
chased by themselves, instead of bot
tles among thefr patrons. The com
mittee in Charge of the affair consisted
of A. G. Hagedorn, chairman; William
Clack, secretary; D. B. Faktor, treas
urer; E. L., Wagner, P. J. Weniger, T.
Lundstedt, R. H. Stafford,' Thomas' H."
Lindsay and Jesse E. Marks.
."The Bonnie Brier Bush," with J. H
Stoddart, and Reuben Fax in leading
roles, was presented and heartily en
joyed. At the conclusidn of the third
act Stoddart, Fax, Misses Pea rle Red
ding, Mabel Brownell. Adelaide Cum
ming, Helen Holmes and Master George
Clark and Miss Queenie Phillips, the
two' latter being clever little people In
the production, were . presented with
floral pieces by the association.-
Announcement of Physieans
Attending" the Sister of the
Kaiser Causes Consternation
C. Jump Is Awarded Custody
of Children Mrs. Killenberger
Had so Tenderly Cared For
California Liquor Dealers'
Association Gives Immense
P>enefit for Christmas Fund
ANSWERS CALL
FOR CHARITY
LONDON, Dec. 18. — Announcement
was made yesterday of a number of
notable men who have already accept
ed membership in Joseph Chamber
lain's commission which is to inquire
into the condition of British trade and
report thereon, with the object of
drawing up a tariff reform measure. A
number of members of Parliament also
have accepted positions on the com
mission.
The secretary of the commission will
be William Hewins, director of the
London School of Economics and Sci
ences. It is indicated that the com
mission shall meet twice' a week, be
ginning about the middle of January.
In this morning's issue the Standard
enters a strong editorial protest against
Mr. Chamberlain's commission as in
volving a complete change of consti
tutional methods and being akin to "de
fiance alike of the authority of j the
crown, the Cabinet and the Legislature.
It declares that the members of. the
commission are mostly wealthy protec
tionists, hardly one of whom would be
entitled to sit on a really strong royal
commission.
3Ien» of Mark Are Appointed
l)Vj Joseph Chamberlain' to
Inquire , Into British Trade
News Reeeived That Next January
Scale in Existence Last September '
Will Again Be in Operation.
CHATTANOOGA, Tenn., Dec. 17.—
Official information was received at
railroad offices to-day that transcon
tinental rates have been restored, ef
fective January 18. While the scale
of changes has not been received it
is said they will be about the same as
they were before September 1, when
an increase was made on all freight
to Pacific points from territory south
of the Ohio and east of the Mississippi
River from 10 cents to 15 cents the
hundred.
PRINCESS ILL
WITH CANCER
OAKLAND, Dec. 17.— *Mrs. E. A.
Seymour of this city has announced
,the engagement of her. son, Frederick-
A. Seymour, and Miss* Martha Ardery
of Carson City, Nev. "
Fred Seymour is an Oakland boy
and is now in Manila, where he will'
soon be joined by his bride-to-be, the
marriage to take place immediately
! on her arrival there. He has been
wooing fortune in the Philippines for
several years and has met with pleas
ing success. He holds a splendid posi
tion with the Pacific-Oriental Trading
Company of Manila and the home he
has prepared for his expected bride is
FATHER GIVEN
HIS OFFSPRING
OLD RATES TO COAST
WILL SOON BE RESTORED
said to be one of the prettiest in that
city.
Miss Ardery is -the daughter of A.
M. Ardery, master train dispatcher of
the Virginia and Truckee Railroad,
and is accomplished as well as beauti
ful. She is called the "Carson City
Gibson girl."
Miss Ardery is expected to arrive
here about the 28th inst. and will be
a passenger on the Nippon Maru,
which sails two days later. She will
be chaperoned by Mrs. SaWV^r, who
is returning to her home in* Manila.
Mrs. Sawyer is the sister of Mrs. Louis
Glass of San Francisco.
BELLE OF CARSON CITY. NEV., AND A FORMER BOY,
WHOSE ENGAGEMENT IS ANNOUNCED. THE WEDDING TO TAKE
PLACE IN MANILA, WHERE PROSPECTIVE GROOM IS LOCATED.
DEAL WITH SCHWAB.
Morgan's Partner, Steele. Reveals* De
tails of Shipyards Combine.
NEW YORK, Dec. 17.— The hearing
on the application to make permanent
the receivership of the United States
Shipbuilding Company was resumed
to-day. Charles Steele, a member of
the firm of J. P. Morgan & Co.. being
on the witness stand for a short ex
amination as to the connection of that
firm with the promotion of the ship
building company and the sale to it of
the Bethlehem steel plant.
Untermeyer asked what reason there
was that Schwab, owning no Beth
lehem stock at the time, should receive
530,000,000 in shipbuilding bonds . and
stock at the time of its settlement, to
•which Steele replied that it was in con
sideration for the risk Schwab -as
sumed in making the contract for the
purchase of Bethlehem stock, which
was immediately assigned to Morgan
& Co.
Steele said the purchase of the Beth
lehem plant was made in order that
the steel corporation might be able to
control the disposal of the Bethlehem
plant, its permanent ownership being
considered disadvantageous to the
steel corporation, and the desire being
to resell it to owners favorable to the
Fteel company, though no special pur
chaser was in view at this time. He
professed ignorance of the competi
tive or non-competitive status of the
Bethlehem and armor plants,
the latter of which was owned by the
steel syndicate.
ACCEITED SCHWAB'S FIGURES.
Steele testified that he accepted
Schwab s opinion of the value of the
plant and taken the contract for the
purchase of the stock at the price
Schwab had agreed to pay the original
owners, the understanding being that
Schwab should share any profits at the
resale of the plant.
Steele said that at the time he con
sidered the shipyard proposition a good
one and its stock a good investment,
expecting the common stock to earn
dividends from the start, and for that
reason he believed that the jrt,000,000 in
stock embraced in the purchase price
was an adequate return for the interest
and profits on the Morgan investment
of $7,246,000 for the year. Schwab had
not told him that these securities would
pive him control of the shipbuilding
company. Morgan & Co. had received
the 53,000,000 in stock, part of the pur
chase price, the stock being assigned in
blank.
Coming 1o the Harrip, Gates & Co.
agreement, which provided for the sale
of the Morgan and Schwab stock before
all other shipbuilding stock, .Steele said
that he knew of it at the time, having
seen a copy of it and discussed it with
Charles Gates of Harris, Gates & Co.,
but not with Schwab.
MORGAN'S STOCK INCLUDED.
Steele had previously been informed
by some party to the agreement (he
could not remember whether it was
Schwab or Pam) that th^re was an ar
rangement for the sale of the Schwab
stock, and had declined to have the
Morgan stock included. Subsequently
Gates left with him a copy of the
agreement, covering both the Morgan
and Schwab stock, to which Steele, aft
er consulting Perkins, had informally
aeceOd. His firm, he said, was not a
formal party to the agreement: had not
signed it and had not taken advantage
of it. The $5,000,000 in stock, he said,
had remained in the Morgan vaults
until soJd to Schwab. He hadjiot
thought of the agreement after his con
\ ersation with Gates until mention was
made. of it during the pending suit. The
agreement, he thought, was in the
nature of an offer to 'include the Mor
gan stock in the early sale, if the firm
so desired., not a hard and fast con
tract" that the stock must be sold first.
Steele made an explantion cf the
statement issued- by Morgan & Co. at
the time when mention was first made
of this agreement in the suit, the state
ment denying that Morgan & Co. were
••parties" to any such agreement.
Charles Gates replied at the time, in
sisting that there was an, agreement
for the sale of the Morgan stock and
Eteele paid tribute ' to Gates' "good
faith" in issuing his statement.
Both Brandies of City Council Pass
Bill Providing for Expenditure ,
. of $10,000,000.
PHILADELPHIA. Dec. 17. — Mayor
Weaver to-day returned to the City
Council without his approval the loan
bill appropriating 516,000,000 for mu
nicipal improvements. Both branches
of the Council promptly passed the bill
over the veto.
The Mayor, in his veto message, said
that, while he would approve a large
number of items in the bill, he thought
that separate ordinances should be
drawn for each item, so that the vot
ers could pass upon each and not be
compelled to vote on the entire $16,
000,000 as a whole.
VETO OF PHILADELPHIA'S
MAYOR IS OVERRIDDEN
NEW YORK, Dec. 17.— Andrew Car
negie and John D. P/tckefeller, it is
eald on good authority. ha>ve come to
a definite agreement as to the future
of the United States Steel Corporation,
otherwise the steel trust.
The agreement eliminates J. Pierpont
Morgan and all of his directors from
the corporation and provides for a rad
ical reorganization of the personnel, by
vhich all of the merger offices would
be filled by Carnegie-Rockefeller men.
It is also agreed that there shall be a
further reduction of expenses.
The date agreed upon for the many
sweeping changes planned is not
known, but they undoubtedly will be
effected as soon as possible, probably
goon after January 1. It is said that
Rockefeller recently secured an enor
mous block of steel trust stock and
appealed to Carnegie to aid him in a
complete reorganization of the great
corporation.
At the time of the formation of the
trust Rockefeller put into it as his
share the Lake Superior iron mines on
a large valuation. Carnegie insisted on
having first mortgage bonds for the
Carnegie works, thereby retaining for
himself the whip hand in the affairs
'of the trust.
Sweeping Changes Are in Pros
pect, and There Will Be a
Further Heavy Rreluclion in
the Expense of Operation
Special Dispatch to Th^ Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 17,— After fleeing
with her Chinese Bweetl\eart across the
continent to escape the wrath of her
parents. Miss Roberta Lang of San
Francisco to-night married Lum Tan
Tse in Chinatown. A long string of red
lanterns glowed in front of the wedding
place and when the news reached the
Chinese Theater the cymbals clanged
loudly and drowned the noise of the
many who left their seats and went
over to congratulate the bride.
According to the story that was told
in Chinatown, Lum was playing in the
Chinese Theater in San Francisco, af
ter making a hit with Chinatown audi
ences in thir city. Miss Lang, with«a
party of friends, went slumming and
with her was a young business man,
whom she expected to marry. The par
ty asked to be shown tfchind the scenes.
There she met Lum.
Miss Lang then became a Sunday
pchool teacher and Lum joined her
class. The Chinese actor was invited
to visit the girl at her home, but he was,
not well received by the girl's parents
and they eloped. They reached China
town to-day and arrangements were
made for a clergyman to wed them. The
details of the marriage were carefully
guarded by the bridegroom's friends,
for fear of police interference. '
E. H. Sehade, driver of a beer wagoiv,
was arrested late last night and his
name placed on the detinue book. He
is suspected of having started twq flres
in the neighborhood of Post and Lar
kin streets and of attempting to start
a third. He was seen" by' several per
sons at the time the fires broke out
and the police will hold, him till an in
vestigation is made.
The first blaze started in a house on
Post street court, off Post 1 street, be
tween Hyde and Larkin. It was ex
tinguished without the aid of the en- j
glnes. Upon investigation a large bun
dle of rags partly burned was found in
the basement, which led to the belief
that an incendiary had been at work.
Several persons saw Sehade in the
vicinity at the time.
Soon after fire broke out in the two
story frame dwelling occupied by L.
Glennon at 11 Meecttam place, a small
alley near Post street court. Before
the engines reached the scene of the
fire the flames had gutted the entire
building and caused considerable dam
age. Glennon and his family were not j
at home when the fire started and
many persons who were near the scene
say that Sehade was hanging about the
place before the blaze' was discovered.
Soon after Mrs. Abids. landlady of
the Aubrey apartment house, 962 Post
street, discovered Sehade In the attic
of the place, striking matches. She told
him to leave at once and as he was
passing through the hall he saw several
women guests'. He made a rush for
Mrs. Roger Cornell, wife of the Olym
pic Club athlete, and tried to seize her.
; Patrolman Langdon was summoned and
after hearing the story of several by
standers who had seen Sehade in the
neighborhood where the fires started,
locked the latter up pending, an investl-
I gation.
When searched at the City Prison a
I large sum of money was found on
Sehade, but nothing of an 'incendiary
character. He denies all the accusa
, tions, but is unable to give a satisfac
tory explanation of how he got into the
attic of the Aubrey Hotel.
TARIFF REFORM
THEM OBJECT
TRUST'S MANAGEMENT
TO BE REORGANIZED
Ceremony Takes Place in Xew
York's Chinatown and Is Fol
lowed by a Noisy Celebration
Frame Dwelling: Badly Gutted
and Bold Attempt Is Made
to Destroy Another Home
HER PARENTS OUTWITTED
Carnofrie and Rockefeller Will
prive the Great Promoter
{From the Directorate of the
Gigantic Steel Corporation
TWO . 3IYSTEKIOUS BLAZES
San Francisco Young Woman
Who Eloped With Mongolian
\ Actor Becomes His Bride
Police Arrest Man' Who Is Dis
covered Striking; Hatches in
Attic of the Aubrey * Hotel
ROBERTA LANG
WEDS CHINESE
MORGAN'S
FOES PLAN
ONSLAUGHT
THINK SCHADE
STARTED FIRES
• JOPLIN. Mo..- Deo. *1".— W. A.- Clark, a
wealthy mine-owner, of Montana, was attacked
by a cramp while on the- street here to-night
and died a few moments later. His wife was
with him when - he ' was stricken. Clark was
a relative Of United ' States Senator Clark.
Californlans In New York.
NEW YORK. Dec. 17. — From . San
Francisco — C. T. Crocker at the Man
hattan. S. J. Shapiro at the Rossmore,
Miss Evandusen at the Bartholdi, ¦ S.
W. Brown at the Grand, Dr. L. H.
Hoffman at the Herald Square. From
Los Angeles— E. Calamari at the Bar
tholdi, E. S. Carlisle • at " t«6 Grand
Grand Union.—*".: - ;»
Attorney F. C. Luck of Chico is at
the Palace. ; : 't-'
A. B. Shaver, a lumberman of Fresno,
is at the Palace.
Francis Cutting, a merchant of Stock
ton, is at the Lick. ;;Vy.. :
Dr. H. Kattenbacher and wife of Chi
cago are at the Russ.
William R. -Spaldlng, a lumberman of
Visalia, is at the Lick.
Banker B. U. Steinman of Sacra
mento is at the Palace.
R. A. Penrose Jr.; a mining man of
Arizona, is at the Palace. .
Colonel John R. Berry of Los Angeles
is registered at the Lick.
E. C. Johnion, a prominent rancher
of Eagle Tree, is at the Palace.
Judge George F. Buck of Stockton
registered at the Lick yesterday.
F. A. Boole, a wealthy timberman of
Michigan, is registered at the Palace.
C. E. Tinkham, a lumberman of Red
Bluff, arrived at the Grand yesterday.
Former Railroad Commissioner La
Rue of Sacramento is at the Occidental.
Thomas Kirk, State Superintendent
of Public' instruction, is at the Palace.
John Cross, the well-known railroad
.promoter of Los Angeles, Is at • the
Palace.
H. E. Adams, manager of the Stock
ton Gas Company, and wife are stay
ing at the Grand.
Walter F. Parker, assistant claim
agent of the Southern Pacific Com
pany at Los Angeles, is at the Lick.
Edward Corrigan, the well-known
horseman, arrived from Chicago yes
terday and is registered at the Palace.
. William Thorsen of Wisconsin, who
is at the head of the syndicate which
recently purchased the West Side Lum
ber Company's plant, is at the, Palace.
PERSONAL.
OFFICERS ELECTED BY
VARIOUS LABOIi UXIONS
The following officers have been
elected by their respective unions for
the ensuing term of six months:
Bricklayers' Union No. 7: President. E. I*
Nolan: vice president. Edward Seaton; treas
urer, O Kellv; financial secretary. Jamos
Coulter; recording secretary, Cha:J?s Wagner;
corresponding secretary, P. J. O'Erien; »er-
Keant-at-arms. Thomas Smith; arbitration
board— E. J. Hrandon, C. Kelly, G. l!ea«?ley
and P. Mullerlck: deputy. E. J. Brandun: al
ternate. Thomas Mulcahy; board of directors —
T. Gregg. P. Jordan. C. Noonan. U. Schroeder.
"W. Vincent. W. Davis and J. Llnehan; trus
tees W. Benson, T. Fay and It. Hopf; dele
rates to Bulldlnff Trades Council— E. J. Bran
don. G. Kelly,. P. O'Brien. E. Nolan an1 J.
Sloan; trustee to Organized Labor. E. J. Bran
don; trustee to Progressive Mill. W. Murray.
Optical Workers Union No. 11.10« held a
meeting and went into permanent organization
by the election of the following of fleers: Presi
dent, II. J Johnson: vice president. Fred D.
Fawkes: secretary. It. C. Endress; treasurer,
C A. Miller: serjeant-at-arms. O. M. Bock
riss; advisory board — Thomas McCarthy, O. F.
Teusfeldt and T>. Burke.
Caamakers' Union No. 249 elected the fol
lowing officer* for the ensutns term: Pru
dent. G. Savage: financial secretary, T. Haley,
recording aecretary, Edward Cook: correspond
ing secretary. Gus Rahe; treasurer. Robert
Dugran; conductor. J. Taussle; warden. P.
Kelley; trustee. M. Illnckley: sergeant-at
arms, J. Simpson: business agent. J. S. Snan
non: executive board— B. Williams, J. Carson.
G. Ryan. J. Arvatta, B. Dugan. J. Black, i-d
ward Cook. J. Paratta. J. Hayden. F. Curry.
E. "Wright. J. O. CTum and Robert Lacy.
Another ballot must be taken for vice presi
dent, aa no candidate had a majority vote.
Branches Nos. 1 and 3. Meat Cutters and
Drivers: Chairman, Stephen Hurley; vice
chairman. Georrfe GoMen.; guide. Andrew
Schnucker; guardian. Henry Ludeman; ser
geant-at-arms. Richard Mauerer; delegates to
the joint executive board— Chris. Hill, Stephen
Hurley and Al Friedman.
Branch No. 4. Cattle Butchers: Chairman.
M. McDonald: vice chairman. Ous Alden;
guide. William Turner: guardian. Fred Ba&ser;
sergeant-at-arm*. Fred Storm; delegate to tha
joint executive beard, Charles Westphal.
The following donations were made
in aid of the Fort Bragg striking lum
bermen: Linemen No. 141, $3; Musi
cians No. 6, $25; Cap Makers No. 9 $5;
Canmakers No. 249, $3; Carriage and
Wagon Workers No. 69. $3; Steam
Laundry Workers No. 26, $5; Machine
Hands No. 27, $2 50; Beer Bottlers No.
293, $10; Bartenders No.- 41, $3, making
a total of $67 50. > "^ '•:..'
Liberal Donations Are Made by Local
Organizations for Fort Erngg
Striking Lumbermen. *
Shot by Robbers In Ambu>n
SHREVEPORT. La., Dec. 17.— The
body of George Manuel, a negro, who^
was thought to have killed J. T. Wat
kins, his employer, of Bayou Pierre.
in Red River parish, yesterday, was
found to-day near the scene of the
killing. His head had been almost
shot away. It now develops that both
the negro and planter were shot from
ambush by robbers. ~j>, '^'-' ¦ __^__^_
Rockefeller's XcpbeAV Enters Kmploy
of Southern Pacific as Clerk to
Wortiilnjjton. * '
Clarence E. Stillman, son of New
York's well known bank president of
that name and nephew, of the Rocke
fellers, whose marriage to a nurse
several weeks ago in Maine caused
considerable gossip in society on the
Atlantic seaboard and was reported to
have been the main reason for the
young man coming West to seek a fu
ture home, has entered the employ
ment Of E. H. Harriman.
•It was reported some time ago that
Stillman Sr., somewhat displeased
with his son's matrimonial alliance,
was nevertheless determined to as
sist him and with that purpose in
view had telegraphed in advance of
his son's coming to E. H. Harriman,
who was then here, asking the rail
road magnate to provide a place for
the young man in the offices of the
Southern Pacific Company. The mat
ter was placed in the hands of Gen
eral Manager Kruttschnitt, who has
found a position for Stillman. in the
office of A. B. Worthlngton, recently
promoted to assistant to the general
manager. Worthington is regarded as
the best statistician in the employ of
the Harriman lines and a young man
who secures a place in his office* is
deemed very fortunate. Employment
there Is regarded as the stepping stone
to something higher in the railroad
world. Stillman, who is residing at
the Palace with his young bride, has
already had some experience in rail
road work, he having been previously
in the employ of James J. Hill of the
Great Northern, to which road he
went after leaving Harvard College.
YOUNG STIIiLMAN* IS NOW
OX IIARIUMANS PAYROLL
POINT RICHMOND. Dec. 17.— A new
ferry is to be established which will
carry passengers and freight between
San Francisco and Point Richmond by
means of a line of small packet steam
ers, which will be operated by a com
pany incorporated under the name of '
the Glen Cove Transportation Com
pany of San Francisco. The 'course of
the new line will be around Point
Potrero and up the channel called Rich
mond Creek, -which will make the dis
tance to San Francisco about eight
miles. The promoters of the new sys
tem claim that they can cover this dis
tance in thirty minutes.
The company's wharf will be con
structed at the foot of Richmond ave
nue, opposite the new Santa Fe passen
ger depot. The channel. out to the bay,
which is now a shallow and tortuous
slough about two miles in length, will
be straightened and dredged to a depth
of eleven feet, lessening the distance
nearly one-half. The marsh land
through which the channel runs is the
property of the Tewksbury estate, of
which William Mintzer is manager, and
the land adjoining is owned by the
Nicholl company. The owners of both
these tracts of land confirm the story
of the new enterprise, in which they
have taken stock, and they are anxious"
to make It successful in the hope that
Congress may later make the channel
available for vessels of greater draught.
An hourly service to San. Francisco
will be welcomed by the 5000 inhabit
ants of Point Richmond, who are now
forced to depend upon the four trips
daily of the Santa Fe boat.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 17.
Fire department officials have un
covered what they consider evidence of
serious Import touching upon a mys
terious fire which occurred Sunday
night in a cottage at 1002 East Thirtieth
street, owned by Mrs. Kate L. Mer
rick and rented a short tim-? before the
fire by Miss Minnie L. Crane. Insur
ance for $900 was carried on furniture
supposed to be in the cottage. Fire
Warden George McDonald declares that
the house was vacant, except for a
trunkful of clothes, a cot and some
garments that hung on a line in tha
yards.
Further than that, McDonald as
serts that after the fire Mi.»s Crane
notified E. D. Judd, an Alamr da broker,
that the loss was total on her house
hold effects covered by that $D0o policy.
"Our investigations have disclosed a
very peculiar state of affairs, to say
the least," said Fire Warden McDon
ald to-day. "We have found that MI33
Crane had a policy or $900 on furniture
stored in San Francisco on December
10. Three days before the fire the
policy was transferred to cover furni
ture In the East Thirtieth sireet cot
tage. Then follows the mysterious
fires, three of them, breaking out si
multaneously In three different rooms
in the house. There was nothing in
side but the trunk and cot, and we
have not grot a trace yet of Miss Crane.
She has not come forward to claim
any of the damaged efrects in the
trunk. ,
"In that receptacle we found business?
cards and other papers Indicating that
Miss Crane and her mother had resided
In Stockton. To-day the fire depart
ment received a letter from Stockton
signed by M. A. Smith and charging
that last summer the Cranes obtained
$1000 insurance in that city for a mys
terious fire loss in a cottage they rent
ed, but only furnished with a couple
of trunks."
Warden McDonald has submitted the
matter to the Board of Insurance Un
derwriters.
Company's Landing Will Be
in the Heart of the Town
on Shore of Richmond Creek
3Iinnie L. Crane . Is Sought
in Tain to Explain About
Missing Household Goods
TO 3LYKE HOURLY TRIPS
FURNITURE TAKES AVIXGS
Insnrancc To 1 icy Comes to
Light That Puts New Phase
on a Very Pecnliar Blazo
Glen Cove Transportation of
San Francisco Will Rnn Xew
Lino Into Point Eichmond
FIRE MYSTERY
IS HEIGHTENED
TO ESTABLISH
ANOTHER FERRY
\ - ¦ - .
THE SAN FRANCISCO . CALL 1 , FRIDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1903.
Miss Martha Ardery of Carson City Prepares to
Journey to Manila to Become the Wife of Fred
erick A. Seymour, a Former Resident of Oakland
WILL CROSS THE OCEAN
TO HER WAITING FIANCE
In Boston there are one and a half
electric lights for each person.
Outfits for oil painting,' water, color
drawing and "taking photographs are de
sirable for Christmas. Sanborn/ Vail &
an. , ' •
" A ' beautiful framed . picture makes fa
good Christmas present. The only large
assortment of good things is at San born
&-.Va!l's. ¦ * - »
ARRIVED.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
• Thursday, December 1 17.
Stmr.Roeecrans. Johnson. 9 days from Hllo.
Thursday, I>ecember , 17."
Stmr National City. ¦ Hammar, Fort Bragg.
rs "- * FOREIGN PORTS.
- • VICTORIA. B ; C^Arrived Deo ;¦ 17— Stmr
Pleladea. from Yokohama; Br Btmr Amur, fm
Ekasway.
Ilnrtly Bishop of Columbus.
ROME, Dec, 17.— Cardinal Gotti/ Pre
fect of the Propaganda, to-day submit
ted, to the Pope as the choice or the
Propaganda for Bishop- of Columbtis,
Ohio, the name of the Rev. James J.'
Hartly Of the Church of the Holy
Name of Steubenville. His Holiness
ratified the selection.
4
NEW ADVEBTISE3IENTS.
HSRPICIDE'S MlSSlOJf.
It Takes Away tie Bread of Birth-
days.
Nothfng is more annoying to men and
women of middle age than to see those
unmistakable signs of age— thin hair and
grayness— approaching But science has
recovered that th^se conditions arc no
fonger evidences of old
age for the dandruff gernv. theory proves
that even very young people may suffer
hair loss, whilp those fortunate enough
Vo escape the ra vases of the scalp germ
retain their abundant locks to a ripe old ¦
ale Newbros Herpicide kills the dan-
druff germ and remove* the risk of ap-
pearing old before your time. -Save -your
hair and your feelings by using the gen-
uine Herplcide. Sold by leading drug-
eists Send 10c in stamps for sample to
The'Herplcide Co.. Detroit. Mich.
lor Infants and Children.
Tli8 Kind You Have Always Bought
Signature of CJutX/ffl&C&ks.FORMER GOVERNOR W. MUR
RAY CRANE OF THE OLD
BAY STATE.
Pretty papetrics in beautiful boxes,
envelopes. and paper tied with silk rib
bons. Useful for Christmas. Sanborn,
Vail & Co. • •
WASHINGTON, Dec. 17.— The Sen
ate Committee on Philippines has di
rected a favorable report on Sena
tor Fry's bill exempting inter-island
passenger and freight business in ths
archipelago from the provisions of the
coastwise law. Inter-island business
is left to the Governrfrent of the Phil
ippines for the enforcement of regu
lations governing the transportation
of merchandise and passengers be
tween ports and places in the Philip
pines until Congress shall have j au
thorized the entry as vessels of the
United States of vessels owned in the
islands.
fic From Coastwise Law Will Be
Recommended.
Measure Exempting Inter-Island Traf-
FRY'S BILL FAVORED
BY SENATE COMMITTEE
Gi ve Him a Came ra .
Xothlngr could prove a more acceptable
Christmas present. Kirk, Geary & Co.,
112 Geary street. •
"If the newspapers are going to. get
up another fight between the Governor
and myself,", said ¦ Platt, "they will
merely have to deny it the next day."
There was an important political
gathering at the White Hou3e table
this afternoon, when the President en
tertained Secretary Root, Secretary
Cortelyou, Senator Lodge and former
Governor Crane. This luncheon may
be taken as a further confirmation of
the intention of the President to have
Crane for his campaign manager next
year.
The President depends very largely
on the political advice . of Senator
Lodge, Secretary Root and Secretary
Cortelyou, and it Is announced that,
although Secretary Root is to retire
from the Cabinet in January, he will
by no -means retire from the position
he has held ever since Mr. Roosevelt
entered public ljfe, of being an adviser
of the President. This was intimated
very strongly to-day and means that
the financial world, in any effort to
defeat Mr. Roosevelt, will not fiave
the support of Root, on which it 'has
been dbunting.
Governor Odell and Senator Platt
will have a conference to-morrow. The
Governor will return to New York in
the afternoon.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET,
JC. W., WASHINGTON. Dec. 17.— There
was a political a3 well as a social side
to the Cabinet dinner given by the
President and Mrs. Roosevelt to-night.
Senator Hanna was not present.
There were politicians in large num
bers at the table, however, and if the
chairman of the National Committee
could not attend, at least there was
present the possible future chairman
of the committee/ who will conduct the
campaign in 1S04. in the person of for
mer Governor Crane of Massachusetts.
Three States were represented by
their Governors or Governors-elect—
— Massachusetts, New York arid Ohio.
It is understood among politicians
here that while the Cabinet dinner was
ostensibly a purely social function,
with the wives of noted politicians also
as guests, the purpose of the President
was to draw together leading Repub
licans to discuss New York State and
national politics.
Governor Odell of. New York arrived
late this afternoon and was driven to
the White House, the guest of the
President. Senator Platt and the Gov
ernor soon had a long talk at the Ar
lington Hotel, and when it was over
both said it had been very satisfactory
and the Governor went back to the
White House.
pneclal Disratch to The Call
Crane of Massachusetts
Mentioned as Hanna's
Successor.
She told of her arrival In this city
in September, 1901, and of the subse
quent arrival of her husband. She'told
of meeting, him at the home of Mrs.
Merrltt, a sister "of her husband, at 813
Oak street, and of embracing and ca
ressing him. She admitted that mari
tal relations were resumed and said the
trouble really started over a letter she
found in his pocket. This letter was
Mrs. Anthony was placed on the
stand and occupied the entire day tell
ing of her life with the doctor. Her
story was dramatic in the extreme
and held' a larce crowd in the court
room.
While his wife was in the St. Helena
Sanatorium the doctor filed suit for a
divorce on the ground of desertion. The
papers were served on her and she did
not offer any battle in court. On the
contrary, she tried her best to save her
husband and believed" that if "at the
end of six months she was chastened"
he would remarry her. Judge Hebbard
granted Anthony a divorce on July 16,
1902, because the wife made no appear
ance. ,,..'. ;
On April 29.' 1903. the wife brought
suit to have the decree of divorce an
nulled, and in her complaint alleged
"that during the time said suit /or di
vorce was. pending, said plaintiff was
restrained of her liberty by said de
fendant and was held in confinement
by said defendant and was by said de
fendant prevented from obtaining
counsel and from making any defense
of the said suit for divorce."
She further j alleged that she was
given drugs while an inmate of the St.
Helena Sanatorium and was forced to
write, letters in. which she admit
ted that she had been guilty of.
improper conduct, and that the said
admissions were false, t .
The suit for annulment came to trial
yesterday. Messrs. Lee, Coglan and
Carpenter appeared for the plaintiff,
and Messrs. Dorn, Dorn & Savage ap
peared for the defendant.
John T. Stanton, a mining man whose
office is in, the Chronicle building, was
the first witness called. He- testified
that he had seen Dr. Anthony and his
wife, on the street during the pending
of the suit for divorce. This proof was
offered to show that Mrs. Anthony had
not deserted her husband. Mr. Stanton
said he knew of the divorce proceedings
and evinced surprise at seeing the hus
band and wife together. He said the
doctor became excited and told Stan
ton and the lady he was accompanying
that he would explain all some other
time. Both Stanton and the lady with
him were somewhat horrified at the
doctor's peculiar actions.
Dr. R. A. Buchanan was called as a
witness to tell of Mrs. Anthony's stay
in the branch of the St. Helena Sana
torium at 1436 Market street. He was
unable to give any relevant testimony
and was allowed to depart.
MRS. ANTHONY ON STAND.
. Mrs. Anthony, bsfpre her marriage
was a Mirs Weasels. She is a native of
South Africa and comes of one of the
leading families of that distant coun
try. She Is a cousin of President
Steyn, the great Boer leader, and one
of her uncles represented the Boer3 at
the .peace conference. It appears that
she met Dr. Anthony when he was a
missionary in South Africa. She fell in
love with him and used her influence
and money 'to elevate him. She took
him to Battle Creek, Mich., and he en
tered a preparatory school for the
study of medicine. Having completed
his studies he came to this city and
entered the Cooper Medical College
and upon graduating he was able,, by
the assistance of his wife, to take a
post-graduate course at Ann -Arbor,
Mich. Subsequently he went .to Africa
and was given charge of a big sanato
rium owned by the relatives of his wife.
About this time the Boer troubles be
gan and Dr. Anthony became mixed up
in them. He was charged with nigh
treason by the British Government and
came within an ace of being shot. It
was through the efforts of the woman
he is alleged to have wronged that he
secured his release.
Dr. Anthony came to . this country
and joined his wife and two children,
who had come to tKIs "city. "Dr. ' ¦¦¦An-:
ithony is alleged to have begun his
cruel treatment of his wife while they
were living. at 813 Oak street. He ac
cused her of having acted "in an un
ladylike, manner" while coming 'to this
country. He ' accused her of kissing
men and being found in their apart
ments, all of wiiich she denies. -
FILES SUIT FOR DIVORCE.
It will be shown by Attorney Grant
Carpenter, who represents the unfortu
nate wife, that as soon as Dr. Anthony
secured a divorce from her he jour
neyed-to Yuma, Ariz., and married a
woman who had nursed the first wife.
The story of the husband's alleged
cruelty and the facts leading up to
their marriage have been told before,
but will be read again with interest.
COMES OF RICH FAMILY.
If credence can- be placed in the tes
timony givf n by Mrs. Christina J. An
thony in support of her plea to have a
decree of divorce secured by her hus
band, Dr. Richard S. Anthony, set
aside, the latter has . been extremely
cruel. to his spouse. 'The story of her
sufferings, unfolded by the woman, is
a sad one. , .
;Mr?.. Anthony accuses her husband
of sending her to a sanatorium and
keeping her 'under drugs In order that
he might secure a separation from her.
She charged that he wanted to send her
to an' insane asylum and nearly accom
plished his' purpose. She accuses him
of having compelled her to confess that
she had been guilty of acts of infidelity,
of which she was entirely innocent.
Throughout the giving of this sensa
tional" testimony the husband laughed
and seemed to enjoy it.
Unhappy Woman Unfolds a
Story of Alleged 111 Treat
ment That Borders on Torture
CRUEL ACTS ALLEGED
Wife of Dr. , Richard Anthony
Testifies in Suit to Set Aside
Husband's Divorce Decree
TELLS A TALE
OF SUFFERING
The total commerce of Abyssinia Is
about J 9,500.000 a year.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 17.— The Pres
ident has tendered the position of
Civil Service Commissioner, made va
cant by the death of John B. Proctor,
to General John C. Black of Chicago,
commander in chief of the Grand
Army of the Republic.
General Black has not indicated
whether or not he will accept the ap
pointment. He was Commissioner of
Pensions during the second adminis
tration of President Cleveland.
President Tenders Appointment of
Cliil Service Commissioner to
Grand Army Man.
GENERAL JOHN C. BLACK
OFFERED PROCTOR'S PLACE
WASHINGTON, Dec. 17.— The Sen
ate Committee on Military Affairs to
day decided to postpone action in the
case of General Wood until Jan
uary 4. It is planned to go over
the entire testimony that was in
troduced in the. investigation and give
time for the preparation of the major
ity and minority reports, which will
be made. The majority report will, it
is expected, be an indorsement ' of
General Wood's military and civil rec
ord in Cuba.
The action of the committee was
unanimous in deciding to close the in
troduction of testimony and taking a
vote January 4, although a few mem
bers of the committee were in favor
of voting to-day and argued in favor
of this course. It was declared that
to vote to-day would lead to the in
ference on the part of the public that
the case had been prejudged. It is
said the unanimity of action In closing
the inquiry does not' have any direct
bearing on the vote for confirmation.
Unanimously Decides to Render Min
ority and Majority Findings
Early in January.
SENATE CO3IMITTEE DELAYS
REPORT ON GENERAL. WOOD
Robertson, who is known as one of
the most daring backwoodsmen in this
section of Montana, tracked Clifford on
a trail leading to Idaho Jjfter other of
ficers had given up the hunt.
Yesterday morning at 1 o'clock Rob
ertson crept up to a cabin on a ranch
far in the mountains and surprised the
outlaw in bed. Before Clifford; was ful
ly awake the Sheriff had him covered
with a revolver and handcuffed. The
officer tied the prisoner's legs together
and then got into bed with the desper
ado and slept beside him until morn
ing.
The Clifford-Ryan gang of rustlers
was one of the most notorious in Mon
tana and was composed of four men, all
of whom have now been captured by of
ficers.
LIVINGSTON. Mont.. Dec. 17.—Sher
iff Albert. Robertson arrived at Living
ston to-night with Charles Clifford, an
alleged leader of a notorious gang of
horse thieves, against whom are
charges of the theft of several bands
aggregating many hundreds of horses.
Clifford is an accomplice of James
Ryan, who was captured at Lexington,
111., after he had led the officers a
chase covering six months.
Ppocial Dispatch to The Call
Darin? Sheriff in Montana
Calmly Sleeps at the Side of
His Handcuffed Prisoner
TUCSON, Ariz.. Dec. 17.— Johnny
James, charged with the murder of
Tom Mlllis in Brewery Gulch, at Bis
bee, and Ricardo Sandoval. a highway
man and smuggler, both members of
the band of Tombstone jail-beakers,
are again behind the bars. Ranger Kel
ly reached Tombstone late to-night
having James in charge, and Sandoval
is in safety in the Mexican jail at
Naco, Sonora, just across the line,
where he was captured by rurales this
afternoon. James was captured late
yesterday afternoon by a rancher
named Boiner, who has a place in.
Ramsey Canyon, on the east slope .of
the Huachuca Mountains, twenty-five
miles southwest of Tombstone.
James and Sailor Brown had sepa
rated from the rest of the outlaws
Tuesday night and were traveling to
gether in the San Pedro Valley when
first seen. Deputy Sheriffs Page and
Shepherd, who were riding in advance
of the rest of the posse, saw the des
peradoes ahead and ordered them to
halt, not recognizing them but believ
ing them to be some of the escaped
prisoners. James and Brown paid no
attention to their orders, but made for
the undergrowth along the river, while
the deputy sheriffs opened fire.
According to James' story he did not
pee Brown again, as they became sepa
rated at this time. James, to avoid the
posse, turned up Ramsey Canyon and
made for the Huachuca Mountains.
Boiner had been seen by some of the
posse and warned to keep a lookout
for the outlaws. As soon as he saw
James he at once suspected him to be
one of the desperadoes. Boiner wore
a six-shooter and belt of cartridges,
and although some distance from the j
man in the stream ordered him to
throw up his hands. James was armed
v.ith a six-shooter, which he had se
cured at a prospector's tent, the owner
of which was absent, according to his
story, and when commanded to halt
ho opened fire and made for cover at
ih*- same time, but his feet were numb
from the cold water, the only cartridges
ho had were in his pun and after an
exchange of shots without effect he sur
rendered to Boiner, who took him to his
ranch in the canyon, tied him up over
night and turned him over to Ranger
Kelly, w'yo stopped in the morning to
learn whether any of the escaped pris
oners had passed that way.
Deputy Sheriff Templeton, returning
from Naco, reported to-night that five
Jail-breakers had crossed the line and
were surrounded in the San Jose Moun
tains, in Sonora, by a posse of rurales.
They are armed and will not be taken
without a fight.
The jailbreakers cornered in the
mountains are well fitted. This even-
Ing they raided a ranch acrcts the line
and secured rifles and ammunition.
They are camped around a fpring and
etrongly intrenched, but arc; supplied
with only few provisions "cured at
the ranch which they raided. The party
of rurales which has surrounded them
cumbers six and a messenger has bsen
to Naco asking for assistance from
both Naco and Magdalena, as a fight
cannot be avoided.
Sj*cisJ Dispatch to The Call.
Five of the Criminals Are
Reported to Be Surrounded
by the Mexican Police in
the Sonora Mountain Range
OCCUPIES BED
WITH OUTLAW
Grave 1 !.; was all < identified by '.wo
witnes^s :i.s navvs? be?n at IIoz<smsn
and Chestnut streets at about the time
in August the Northern Paclllc traces
were dynamited.
HELENA^ Mont., Dec. 17.— In the
trial of Isaac Gravelle, charged with
dynamiting the property of the North
ern Pacific Railway Company, it de
veloped to-day that the plot against the
railroad was hatched in the Deer Lodge
penitentiary years ago. An ex-convict
named Murphy testified that Gravelle,
who was then in the penitentiary, told
him that he and others had a scheme
for getting money from the railroad.
Most of the day was spent in taking
expert testimony in the hope of prov
ing that six of the threatening letters
received by the railroad company had
been written in the penitentiary and
smuggled out of the prison by Gravelle
when he was discharged last July. A
tablet was introduced in evidence and
the State counsel said he would prove
that Gravelle had borrowed the tablet
from a schoolgirl, for the purpose of
writing the letter. The tablet paper
was the same as that on which four
threatening letters were written.
Luther Mills, postmaster at Cascade,
was put on the stand during the after
noon session and he identified Gravelle
cs the man who came to the Cascade
postorliee on the evening of October 7
List and got several sheets of paper and
some envelopes. The paper had the
manufacturers brand. The witness
identified the threatening letter eont
the Great Northern. It and the en
vejope were the same style. he had sold
Gravelle. The paper found in the «"»at
of GraveJle after he was arrested. Siiila
said, was of the same sort he had sold
to the defendant.
BAM* OF FUGITIVES
MAY FIGHT BURALES
Testimony of Ex-Convicts Is
Against the Man on Trial
for Blowing Up the Tracks
Members of the Gang- of Ari
zona Desperadoes Who Es
caped From the Prison at
Tombstone Are Captured
GRAVELLE WANTED MONEY
Blowing- Up of Property of
' the Great Northern Railway
Planned Many Years Ago
PRISON-MADE
PLOT EXPOSE D
PURSUERS
JAIL TWO
OUTLAWS
fiscal year was: Imports, $10,323,000;
exports. $9,497,000.*
NEW YORK, Dec. 17.— The Atchlson.
Topeka and Santa Fe Railway has sold
to J. P. Morgan & Co. $10,000,000 of th«
general mortgage 4 per cent bonds, ol
which $15,000,000 were recently issued
The sale will provide funds for addi<
tlonal equipment and construction oi
extensions and for double tracking
parts of the system. The total amount
of Atchlson general mortgage 4's now
outstanding is $143,737,500.
The Santa Fe Railway under the
terms of the general mortgage has been
empowered to sell «theae bonds at the
rate of $3,000,000 a year for improve
ments. The directors did not exerds*
this right for over three years. The
announcement of the sale was received
with surprise in Wall street.
It is understood that a large portion
of the new $10,000,000 bond issue will b«
used to build a cut-off between Belen,
N. M. t and some Texas point.
A portion of the proceeds of the bond
issue Is to be used on the Bradshaw
Mountain Railway, which Is to extend
east of Prescott, Ariz., Into the mining
region. Some of the money will be-re
quired to construct the Phoenix and
Eastern lire and for sundry other ex
tensions in Arizona, the main double
trackage whkh is to be done between
Olathe and Emporia. Kans.. and over
small stretches In Missouri and Illinois.
By Sale of Bonds Company
Kaises $10,000,000 for Addi
tional Equipment and Tracks
"I can't tell.- 1 don't remember."
"When my little girls were~'taken
from me," Mrs. Anthony continued,
."my-; life was gone." I felt they were
taking a part of iny body from me. At
Continuing her testimony, the wit
ness said: "He said I was found in thfe
Auditorium , Hotel, Chicago, with a
gentleman. He said that wa3 sufficient
evidence for him to get a divorce from
me. His accusations horrified me. He
spoke about his children and said they
were his, and I was not fit to bring
them up, and he used words that I
don't care to repeat. He told me in a
letter that I was Insane. He accused
me of certain acts and tried hard to
"make me confess."
"Don't.you know how you were taken
to the St. Helena Sanatorium?" she
was asked. *
• "I was told I was taken there in a
closed carriage," was her reply. :
>. "How "long were you there?"
not introduced, in evidence, but it wa3
shown that it came from a Miss Botha
in South Africa.
I Mrs.. Anthony told of her nervous
condition over her husband's impris
onment and said the suffering she un
derwent during the time he was in the
hands of the British undermined her
health and made her very weak. She
said the doctor's accusations affected
her very greatly and broke her up en
tirely. He told her, she testified, that
he had evidence which he secured in
Washington that she had "gone com
pletely to the dogs." She accused her
husband of forcing her back on a
lounge and hurting her back, and of
other cruel acts.
In order to prove that the husband
was in communication with his wife at
the time he was trying to secure a di
vorce from her on the ground of deser
tion, Attorney Carpenter read a sensa
tional letter in which Anthony accused
his wife of infidelity and tried to make
her confess that he was rlgbt in his
accusation. . ¦ ' .
FORCED TO CONFESS.
"I told him that I was a faithful and
upright wife and was fit to take care
of my children. We lived together as
husband iand wife during the period
that my husband filed suit for divorce,
and when the decree was given by the
court I visited the newspaper offices at
my husband's request in order. to stop
the publication of stories that v/ould
hurt him."
Mrs. Anthony told of the. treatment
she received while living with her hus
band at 84 Webster street." She claims
that her husband treated her 'cruelly
and . at ' one - time told their daughter
Llllie that she was a bad woman. The
witness .' said she . appealed to her
daughter to disbelieve what her father
had said, and she was dragged from
the room by the doctor and tossed on
the bed; that the doctor sat on, her and
that a man who was staying at the
house as the doctor's guest tried- to
hold her feet, and she kicked him.
Further testimony in the case will be
taken next Tuesday. .
times I felt like rebelling against the
doctor because of his unjust charges,
but I was too weak. He would some
times be nice to me, arid at other times
very cruel. He would promise that If
he got the divorce and I was chaste
and good he would remarry me. When
he took me away from the house on
one occasion I objected, and he told me
if I did not stop my talk he would call
a policeman and have 'me locked up in
an insane asylum. My greatest fear
was that the doctor would send
me to an insane asylum. I wrote let
ters at his dictation confessing to acts
of impropriety. He brought letters to
me when I was in the St. Helena Sana
torium and forced me to write five and
six of them to Mr. Carpenter and to
other people. I was weak, and the
strain told on me. He promised me a
good home -if -I would obey him, and
said if I did not I would never see my
children again.
WAS A FAITHFUL WIFE.
SANTA FE WILL
IMPROVE ROAD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL^ FRIDAY. DECEMBER- IS. 1903.
MAY TAKE
CHARGE OF
CAMPAIGN
5
ADVEETISEMENTS.
(M&j F al! the charm "
H&© ing Christmas
V^Ciy gifts suitable
<^>^^ for a gentle-
man, none can com-
pare in point of con-
venience or useful-
ness with a Cellar-
ette. The models we
have here are combi-
nations of art, dig-
nity and durability,
representing the dif-
ferent Schools of De-
sign, many of which
cannot be procured
eJsewhere. A great
number of exclusive
things suitable for
gifts for discrimin-
ating men and wo-
men are now dis-
played in our Show
Rooms.
3* Open Erenings.
opp.Kearny' .
• . THE EMPORIUM | THE EMPORIUM- | THE EMPORIUM
Szn Francisco's /Great Rainy-Day Store
ioo Salesladies Wanted at Once
-¦ - ¦ , / / .. • • •. -. . ¦ ¦ :$X ~
| V Open Evenings until Xmas . £
jj 20 Per Cent "«g» '•' \,~ One-third off \
j: Off Any m*r> Entire Stock 5
| Piece of Persian and g
X furniture California's rn-n' - f ,,^^i " Cmmmm Dw,*.** 2
ti - - . •""*PjT||Tilr'"**™^inrrHry- rr'nrr~T Trnnr ** S
jj (Except Kitchen Shop «s early in the morning no v^ as pcsjiKe. IncludinT Timber Wolf %
K Furniture) Be careful to give sa'espeople correct addresses. '"* 5l
J£ Have deliveries made before the 1 ait day. and Young Bear J
g In This Store .« « should rain, /cmember that-you will be comfortable */£*££. J
5 here. All cars stop . at main ' entrance. Our awning ' rant WA&an, -«
5 reaches to the street. Everything that you want for holi- jj
tt Until XtnSS dly gifts here under one .roof. .There are parlors to rest Until Xmas &
H Eve, Dec. 24 in, and a cafe to eat in/ « p'acs to check yoor parcels, EvQw 9 Deo, 24 5
£ telephones, posteffire,' etc. ' j»
I M Toys mitid Games IBB I
h More Toys here than in all other stores in San Francisco put together. ¦*
K I l\\ #n\ L^ Greater assortments to s;!ect from, and prices auch as only direct importers T'O* V
% I) U I \$\ W of toys like ourselves can quote. For example : -tzZZ^SkSZ?^ «
g W/r^\^S Bisseil Toy Carpet Sweepers -Ths kind Parcheil Gjmt»-H-re for . . . . 6BO 5
*' M? l \ j^ that moth " U! " 1CO Hill C imbing Locomotive! — With tender, 4O*^^^g^*^^ "*
jf \3wk y° Wire Doll Beds — With mattress, pillow and the strongest and best toy made StmOO ' CV
•£ kney ipread, 12 inches lorg, enamel The Ka(zen|amm:r Kids — Happy Hooligan, ; j _ C
JJ hUm finish.. . 35O Alphonse and Gaston Books, s*m~ f ft A "" • X
** VW' Pedal or Wociptde Wagotu— The n:xt all at the remarkable price, each iCOC K - ittv*9f?fo V
** >" jS-- thlng ° an automoblle ¦ • • • $3*15 Buster Brown — and Fcxy Grandpa Books— Tl i^PMi^ff ¦ I HflTflr^ if «
*C with rubber tirw . . . S4*3O Each ' 45 C y'y :---^i £~ ¦'* W&L j«
£¦> ¦ ffiiJi"7 "l T°y P' an0J — Rosewood lin;;h, 10 keys P.actlol B ; lliard Tables — Each gflBB V
a* 10f^^^ ............ 45o S4O to S135 VgSJy *
fc* Laundry Set*— Tab!e, 13x23 inches, con- French Race Hone— 2Sc, 50o, $1 {5
£. • -w ta'ninp 6 p'eces S1*OO Punch and Judy Target Games— -With 3 JV
j/ 5 Smaller size3 . . 25c and SOO figures $1mOO rrVjrT^^T^Ik. 5
** l! air Boys' Velocipede ." . . . Leather Football 7GC I Y*. a\ "5
* $1m7S,$2,S2mSU 9 $3m0O Rocking Howe, fine saddle and mane 80 C \ f""*""*^Y I •'* %
6 Orff^nW Girls' Tricycles White Birch Desk— With backbeard sur- 1/^5^^/ '*
«Ti 9* " " $6*50, S7*5O face, worth fi.50, great valur at cur fTlfi — **ZT"~\ **
*! ' ¥( Do'il House Furniture— For parlor, bed- price QOo jaB^mmoBtsatm^^m •£
¦f jl ii s» room art * t' £c^ en » per «et ....'. Child's Chair, or Hobby Horss — Good for ]$
* fO&ffird( • ¦ 25 °t 5Oc, 75c, $1*OO » l -tie tot 7So /f=ftsv «25£«^5fcv 5
%i MffSSi n Doll HammocKs- On uamh Automatic Hand Sewing Machine— A per- *& >2§V '£/ 1 1 \ V
*: PU12-I 25C > BO °> StmfJO fcctiewer $U5O li&JiiUli«l 5
K .^JSfficlsa Louisa and Ne'ly BIy Games ..... . AOo Mechanical Trains- Locomotive, tender, X Wj)>aiy/' X
Si '^sWTfiEflgT 3^ Croklnole Boards . . 500 to $1*75 and two cars S1*OO 75^5lttK ,%
&" 1 X
I HOKSery Umbrellas Clearance Safe I
I in Holiday Boxes Holiday Special SUIts-GloakS jj
i Lad^' Imponcd Hcrmsdor; ** tO * 7 ' 5 ° <i^S|| FU*TS l A Off \
k> R'-rlc Maco Cotton Hos- wih ValllGS for Viaf '**££*& v3? \xr u 1 l- ¦ X
& DiaCK wiaco \-ouon ncsc, wi.n r & j4 »»c began our sale this year in i
J hand-embroidered silk ¦ initial ; box 4£O 85 »|) Wf (1 December instead of in January, as 5
j of 5 pairs for S5C <¥**" U, • 0 " customary, which gives you the jf
a? Ladies' Lace Lisle Hose— Im - A great "buy' ' it' | m opportunity of making the best kinds "^
*» ported Hermsdorf black; lace boot by our New York * j ' J S of home Christmas gifts at auch large j«
£ or full lace; in a p'eajing assortment representative and £ / f fii!8 price sivings as the«c: ''
tg of new designs; box of six pairs . . forwarded in time ~> I] Tfi fit. so Cheviot Suits $10.00 •*
5f $2*OO to offer them as »• £¦ JCjffl *~5° Cheviot Suits $14*95 £
Bf Ladies' Lisle Hose-Imported Herms- a Christmas spe- @ j J 0 IM fe P««dteS« Coar * 1 f*.5O X
S Ladles' AII-OvjrLace Lisle Hose-Im- Best Steel Paragon Fram M , with patented Jj5 "jj^jj S " l£ VktHS. •*
£ ported Hermsdorf b!ack; s; different ex- runner, covered wkh English silk *'°° }^* C JJ™ {f «52 S
£ Uitc deigns; aborted box of" „ Gloria. A large assortment of beautiiul han- g : j £*£"} <£», : . . . S75.OO £
$ 6 pair,, for . .' $2.75 dies to select frcm, pearl mounted with sterling 5?^° CoSm- * «**£'££ *
K Children's Uce Lisle Hoie-Imported "Iver, and go'd piatrd effect,; fancy wood, *>°° % C ' vet CosSBms •• • ' S15O.OO *
* Herm*lorf black; also in tan, white, pink, «c; both men's and women's size*, 26 and YOZir choice of any fur piece y «
£ ,ky b!ue and reJ; all size,, an ng% f*\ actually worth $6 to 7.50,«ale price set or garment UOW at One-third %
g *<"«* , b " of » ' PH' o..$2.OO Fnday and Saturday. . . $3.85 off regular marked prices. %
I Holiday Sale of Groceries - Liquors I
j: --2 i „- B g^mmm Ho/ftfay Feasts J
tt eSeaS&tiiUi JnliSiSGilS ljJe ' on Creemsrie Butter— Extra Champagne-pint bottle^ -J
*» . , . , ., w . . - square. ..... . 50O doz. $5*OO, «-ach 50o X
» JUSt in frOm [\e\V YOrk in time IOr Best Glace Ctron, orange or Astorted Cordiali-In decantert %
J Christmas fancy work-4000 yards of SSEj^^iK! S^iSfrJ^§2S |
J fine > all Silk Satm Tatteta Gibbon, 4% * tsc wh;. t , P u<,« . . . boo S
I inches wide in all the pretty sh?.des \
K and DiaCK. We ClOSed OUt the manU- Popcorn that wUl pop, 4 lbs . . New York SweetCder— gallon jc
*» facturer's entire stock on hand at a third below regular 25o GOo '*
g value, because he was ready to begin on his spring line. fiaMt Gnk^jCummel-teadae im- j
g It is tlic regular 35c per yard value. B est Mince' Meat- Atmore'. cr Assorted Oaso'ftz $
J .and Saturday only, in main aisle, per yard . c»"irCr Hein**.«, lb 13c quart bottles, including peach, •*
jf Ira'ian CbestnuU— lb . . t5O apricot and graps brandies, jr
K Riishon Gorsa&e Bows Xevv Stufftd Prun - s ' pk s- *°° whire and red winf . r °^r, "•«
ft- , r , . , ,., ., . . . .- • Stuffed Datss— Box |0, 25© Antfeica, Port and Saerry. «*•
X .Very dainty holiday gifts, imitation of roses and Yel.owstoneWhUkey- Bourbon tor . . . ... 35.66 *
ii other flowers, made of finest quality ribbons; some of or Rye, fu'l cuart . $1,25 Port or Sherry— Extra, gallon $
K them are imported, others madr by our own artists. Eclipse Champagne — Arpsd S1*OO }*
X A'so a large* variety of stock bows, hair bow., etc., in Haiaathy'i - pints SGe, Old Buchanan Bourbon-In j
** all fancy co'ors each qUart * OUG original birrel, 23 years old, jj
I . . . 25C, 5OC, 75C, $1.00, $1.50 . # P»t bctties, per doz. $1.50 TT ."! "7. . $2JJO |
Bryson's "Decorating" Free Wi The Christmas Gall Next Sunday. Order Now,'A locomotive testing laboratory will be
a feature of the transportation building
at the World's Fair.
NEWCASTLE, Colo.. Dec. 17. — Five
houses, occupied by striking coal min
ers and their families, were wrecked
this morning by explosions of giant
powder. None of the inmates were
killed or seriously injured. Three sus
pects have been arrested and taken to
Glenwood Springs, as it was feared
they would be lynched if they were
jailed here.
Strikers' Houses Blown Up.
BERLIN, Dec. 17. — Miss Von Rhein
baben, daughter of the Finance Min
ister, Baron Von Rheinbaben, had a
narrow escape from serious injury or
death to-day. She fell between two
electric cars, but an English naval
constructor, Henry Davidson of New
castle-on-Tyne. rushed to her assist
ance. In pulling Miss Von Rheinbaben
out of danger he was killed. Miss Von
Rheinbaben. was uninjured.
Alex Greggains has an attractive card
for the regular boxing exhibition of the
San Francisco Athletic Club to *e held
to-night in the Sixth-street gymnasium.
Olln Sullivan, 210 pounds, meets John
King, 240 pounds. They met in a sen
sational bout last month. The remain
der of the programme follows:
Dick Cullen vs. Joe Bradshaw; Billy
Healy vs. George Sullivan; Jack Adam3
vs. Billy Jansen; Pierpont Ordway vs.
Jim Wilson; Kid Parker vs. Mike Syn
fy; Jack Burke vs. George Herbert.
• The Hayes Valley Athletic Club has
matched Joe Carrol and Paul Martin,
champion featherweight of the coast,
to meet in the main event of it3 show,
which will take place at the Annex next
Tuesday evening. The pair were
matched last month, but on account of
an injury to his leg Carrol could not
appear.
Amateur Heavyweights to Meet.
English Naval Constructor
Sacrifices Himself to Save the
Daughter of German Minister
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 17.— After delib
erating for over eight hours a Jury
awarded at midnight to Carl J. "Web
ber $12,500 damages against the North
Shore, Railroad Company.
On the afternoon of July 17 Webber
was alighting from a train at Corte
Madera station. A freight train backed
Into the station yard and he was
knocked down and fractured his leg. He
brought suit to recover $25,000. The
case came up for trial last Tuesday and
was not given to the Jury until 4 o'clock
th?s afternoon. During all the proceed
ings the courtroom was crowded and
even up to midnight many citizens were
waiting for a verdict to be rendered.
There is a long list of damage suits
against the North Shore as a result of
several wrecks last summer.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Carl Webber Obtains Judgment
for Half the Amount Wanted
From North Shore Company
VERDICT AT SAX RAFAEL
Twelve Thousand Five Hundred
Dollars the Sum Given to
a 3Iarin Railroad Victim
."My attorney has advised me to ab
stain from . talking about my case to
any one.'!, he said to a Call reporter;
"but I .do not mind stating that every
cent of the money I am accused of
taking was spent on the race track. No
womart got a dollar of it. I never
owned a race horse, and I never played
faro bank in San Francisco or any
where else."
"Do you intend to make a defense in
the courts?" he was asked.
"What do you think I hired an at
torney for?" was the counter query.
Inquiry throughout Berkeley and
Oakland failed to find substantiation of
the tales of riotous living told about
j McKowen. He was- a model of bache
lor propriety in Berkeley, where Mrs.
Grundy keeps a sharp eye on the un
married attaches of the college, and
beyond occasionally imbibing rather
freely of whisky .highballs at the Athe
nian Club he had done nothing in Oak
land that could incite the censure of
moralists. •
The board of regents will hold a spe
cial meeting at 2 o'clock to-morrow
afternoon in the Hopkins Art Institute,
when the McKowen episode is likely to
receive exhaustive consideration.
There was filed with the Recorder of
Alameda County yesterday afternoon
a deed conveying all of William Albert
McKowen's real and personal property
to. the University of California, and the
document bore the name of Attorney
C." A. Snook as. witness. This seeming
act of restitution does not actually
amount to much, for the available
earthly belongings of McKowen consist
of three lots of Berkeley realty and
some personal effects of Inconsiderable
value. •
President Wheeler said 5*esterday
afternoon: .
mo*f temperate. ' I always bet/myown
money when I went to the track."^,
"¦it" was an 'eventful day for the Incar
cerated" embezzler. He occupied a' huge
steel cage. wit iiabout a score of. other
criminals, and whjen- he mkde.his first
appearance Jq .the morning his. face re
flected'' the'mental tprture that,- had
kept htm awake -nearly all . night. He
partoofe of -the' plain. prison^ fare spar
ingly and smoked cigars "furiously as
he paced the Iron > floor like a caged
animal all day. After his interview
with Attorney Wright he seemed^. to
pluck up a little spirit, and there was
.genuine hauteur in the way he re
turned the stare of the curious few
who visited the jail to see him. And
he treated the press representatives
with a brusqueness that approached
contempt. - •
RUT HE TALKED.
RESCUES GIRL;
LOSES HIS LIFE
within the keeping of the Regents
themselves. Nearly $300,000 was raised
by taxation for the support of the uni
versity last year and the Regents drew
on the Controller for the lump sum
and it was turned over to their treas
urer, I. W. Hellman Jr. The university,
through the j Regents, receives ' heavy
sums, from many other sources, but
neither the Controller nor the State
Board^ of Examiners has a check on it.
An exception occurred when, for the
first time in many years, the Legis
lature at its last session included its
appropriation of $200,000 for the. uni
versity in the general appropriation act,
thus making its expenditure subject to
the provisions ofM that act, which in
clude auditing;" powers by the State
Board of Examiners. But flat appro
priations for the university made by
the Legislature as well as funds re
ceived from other sources are handled
by the Regents without . reference to
the Controller or examiners.
"As to specific examples of McKow
en's methods of accomplishing his
thefts I am not prepared to cite many.
One of the ways he stole memey was
to take it from the Lev! -Strauss schol
arship funds. McKowen also took
money turned over to him by Dr.
d'Ancpna for fees received from stu
dents in the Medical College. We are
not as yet advised ' whether the $1200
check from Mrs. Hearst which Mc-
Kowen gave to Bookmaker Davis was
intended for her scholarships fund or
for the anthropological department,
but that is, of course, non-essential at
this time.
"Preliminary investigations into the
condition of McKowen's books develop
that he was behind considerably in his
journal. That book was not up todate,
and this points to laxity and appar
ently to the theory that McKowen an
ticipated trouble. Specific accusations
will r.ot be filed against McKowen un
til after the finance committee has re
ceived a report from the expert who is
working on the books. Several days, at
least, must elapse before the records
have all been examined and their con
dition noted.
"Revelations concerning McKowen's
habits were a complete surprise to me.
I knew nothing abooit his gambling at
the racetracks or anywhere else. I
never suspected that he was thus en
gaged. The worst I ever heard in con
nection with McKowen was that he
drank at times."
"I .do not desire at this time to dis
cuss the subject whether I have hith
erto made any recommendations con
cerning any changes in- the system of
bookkeeping in the secretary's office.
It goes without saying that the sys
tem should be made a safe one. In'the
line of improvement it has been sug
gested that the treasurer might be
made a more active office of the Board
of Regents. At present the treasurer's
office is merely a depository for funds.
It has also been suggested that the ac
counts of the University of California
should pass through the hands of the
State Board of Examiners, but I am
not we.ll enough informed on that sub
ject to give an opinion.
"At the bottom of this trouble lays
the fact that McKowen had not been
compelled to bank the funds he re
ceived. If that had been required of
him this situation would not have been
reached. If there had been a bank bal
ance as a guide it would at least have
been very much more difficult for Mc-
Kowen to misappropriate the money
that came Into his hands.
SPECIFIC EXAMPLES.
State Controller Colgan said to-night
that it was formerly the practice of
the Regents to keep much of, their
funds in the State treasury, but a Su
preme Court decision gave it entirely
CONTROLLERS OPINION.
Asked with reference to the state
ment of president Wheeler that the
system of bookkeeping practiced by the 1
Regents was obsolete, the Governor
said he was no bookkeeper, but it was
net improbable that the system was
out of date. He added that no matter
how perfect a system of bookkeeping
liiay be in any largo business, thero \u
necessarily some one man who in the
end must b« trusted. He could see no
objection to supervision over the ac
counts of the university and of all oth
er State commissions and interests by
the State Board of Examiners. It could
not be expected that the Regents them
selves could give the time to the actual
work of overseeing the details of the
finances, a3 nil the Regents are men
of large affaiir and successful in the
management of their business interests.
It was a fact, he added, that the bus
iest man made the best Regent, for he
was able to grasp quickly and dispose
of big affairs. Governor Pardee said
he considered this a case calling for
the vigorous prosecution of the guilty.
He said the Regents would meet in San
Francisco on Saturday next and would
then take up the subject of McKowen's
defalcations.
which are annually received and ex
pended by the Regents of the State
University and their executive officers.
The constitution and laws of the State
place 'the Regents in full control of the
funds, and they in turn must trust to
the honor and ability of those whom
they employ \o do the detailed clerical
and executive work.
Governor Pardee, who is president of
the Board of Regents, to-night explained
the financial system of the university
and remarked ,it was not improbable
that the method of bookkeeping was
out of date. The Governor said, the
university is exempted almost entirely
from the provisions of the general law
requiring demands on State funds to go
through the State Board of Examiners.
The procedure is for the Board of Re
gents to make a demand on the State
Controller for the money raised by tax
ation for the support of the university.
This money is then deposited with the
treasurer of the Board of Regents and
warrants axe drawn on it by the Re
gents and are paid by the treasurer
of the Regents.
OBSOLETE BOOKKEEPING.
' SACRAMENTO, Dec.' 17.— The checks
placed on the expenditure of State
funds by the. State Controller and the
State Board of Examiners do not apply
to the hundreds of thousands of dollars
THE GOVERNOR TALKS.
That proper, vigilance has not been
exercised, in caring for "some of -the
financial interests of the State Univer
sity is shown 'in the litigation over a
claim of the Regents against the estate
of the late William C. Turner, a
wealthy pipneer of Merce'd County.
Turner died in 1894 and the_Regents
brought suit of foreclosure of mort
gage for $50,000 against Turner's es
tate. The matter dragged through the
courts and many appeals were taken
by both sides to the suit.
The Supreme Court finally decided
against the Regents of the university
on (he ground that a copy of the mort
gage had not been appended -to certain
of the legal court documents, and the.
attorney - for the Regents had also
failed to mention the book and pages
of the State records wherein the mort
gage had been duly recorded.
The Supreme Court said that the
claim was a good "unsecured" one, but
not a good "secured" one. The over
sight of the attorney for the Regents
resulted in the non-recc^very of the
funds loaned.
Later on an attempt was made to re
open, the case on the ground that the
Judge of the Superior Court who ren
dered a decision in the case was dis
qualified from hearing the cause on the
ground that he was a creditor of Tur
ner's estate and that he had appointed
the administrator who had rejected
the claim of the Regents. The subse
quent litigation, however, brought no
relief to the Regents of the University.
¦ A. Bonnheim of Sacramento, who en
dowed the Bonnheim scholarships at
the State University, said last night
there was no truth; in the report that
he sent checks- to. the holders, of the
scholarships because he distrusted Mc-
Kowen. ..
"I have'alw.ays sent the checks direct
to the, holders; of^ the scholarships,"
said ;Mi; Bonnheim* "I have,, known
McKoWen.^but did, not; suspect him. In
fact, I heard of, nothing derogatory to
his character until I read the accounts
in the newspapers, two days ago." .
RegentJ~Britton was in Sacramento
yesterday and visited Governor Pardee^
He said he had inquired into the Bonn
heim scholarships matter and found
that it was", straight so far as Mc-
Kowen was concerned.
ANOTHER CASE.
JURY AWARDS
HIM DAMAGES
TEN DAYS MAY ELAPSE-BEFORE EXACT AMOUNT OF McKOWEN'S
SHORJIkGf; IS KNOWN BY REGENTS OF STATE UNIVERSITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO ,CALL; FRIDAY, DECEMBER 18. 1903.
' ' MRS. DIEVES DENTES.
Mrs. Lillian Di3ves '-ridow), whose
name was bandied ,wjth .that of Mc-
Kowen during- the earlier development
of the sensation, denied most emphati
cally yesterday that i her relationship
•with the embezzler had ever
beyond that' of casual friendship. She
had met him at the racetrack, «he ac
knowledged, but had never gone there
with him. ;; .. .
"It is not true," said Mrs. Dieves.
"that Mr. McKowen ever expended
large gums of .m/»neyup<?n me 'or that
he ever presented me with expensive
Jawelry. Indeed it -was Just tfie**>Uier
way. I gave him most of the jewelry he
wore. When I learned, that-, he was
keeping company with*other women- I
dropped his acquaintanceship. It istrpe
that we dined together several times,
but -our meals 'wereVvery- modest »nfl'
Then there was a widespread, report
that McKowen had maintained in lux
urious Ptyle a private domestic estab
lishment, but this, too, fell to pieces be
fore the process of investigation.
Among: the- rumors" that banished
ennui from lhe college town was one
to the effect that McKowen had once
owned a racing stable of his own, and
investigation of the story led to the
ruthless reduction of a bunch of bang
tail flyers to one single ca'i7-lagv? horse
of th»* dobbin breed.' whrchthe secretary
had purchased and kept for the conve
nience of his landlady, Mrs. Smythe.
Another narrative that was probed
and found wanting, increased the sum
total of McKowen's pilferings to 175,000.
This bit of Munrhausehism was traced
to the imagination <tf a would-be wise
acre remotely connected with thesecre
tary's offlee.
"What effect has the exposure of Mc-
Kowen's peculations had upon the busi
ness affairs of the university?" Mr.
Henderson was asked.. .
"Well." he replied^ "the finance com
mittee has decided to suspend payment
at all bills except tor .labor until the
full amount of the -defalcation* is as
certained. Th«> refunding of students*
deposits has been discontinued for a
few days, but the general liusinss of the
university will go oh as usual.? •
Baseless rumors disturbed the scho
lastic calm of Berkeley all of yester
day. They' flew thick and fast . and
their flight was not impeded by, facts,
for the informatio'n bureau at the uni
versity had very few of the, latter arti
cles to dispense. President ' Wheeler
spent the day on' this, side of the bay.
and if Acting Secretary Hendorson had
any original -intelligence . on hand he
was very chary in its promulgation.
He said that everything was in the.
hands of the two experts' tolling ..so
strenuously over the secretary' e-books,
and that they could not get a reliable
line on the actual condition ofrafCiirs
until they have probed an^iK&ed a'few
da>-6 longer. . , .;,'»' V 1.
RUMOR IS INDUSTRIOUS.
NICE QUESTION. ;
This bond business was the subject
of a conference yesterday, between
Rc-ent Foster. Attorney Snook and.the
manager of the Pacific Surety Com
pany, and it is understood that no
definite conclusion was ' arrived at.
Some attorneys maintain that,, the
surety company can be held responsi
ble for whatever defalcations .were
made by McKowen while he was s=erv
ing as acting secretary— another ques
tion which must depend for solution
upon the report of the bookkeeping ex
perts.
Indeed upon completion of the task
undertaken by fhe bookkeeping experts
depends almost everything connected
with the great embezzlement. Until It
Is positively known' how much money
McKowen pilfered and how Tie man
aged to pilfer it the hands of the Re
gents and the tongues of their finance
committee are tied.
Auditor J. J. Herr, who for several
years has annually inspected Mc-
Ko wen's accounts and approved them,
will arrive to-day from . LoV Aqgeles,
but it is expected that he, too. -must
be in the ranks of the bewildered until
the secretary's methods of cwindlirtg
are more fully disclosed. Sir. Herr'evf
dently approved all the accounts that
he found correct, but that is net paying
that all the accounts Jn McKowen's
hands were Fubmitted trt him or that
all the moneys received in the secre
tary's office were duly recorded -in the
secretary's bonks. Which again reflects
slipshodneFS upon the general super
visorial system pursued by the business
management of the big university.
Among yesterday's developments was
one to the effect that McKowen ivas
n<* under bond when his wrongdoing
came to light. He was acting secre
tary of the Board .of Regents until last
July, and in that- capacity was under
a S5000 bond, furnished by the Pacific
Surety Company, for the faithful dts
charg* of his duties. But with July
there cam« to him promotion to the
full secretaryship and the bond was
not renewed to cover-.his new. title and
responsibilities. So as secretary he was
ivlthout bond, a fact which does not
detract from the supervisorial negli
gence herein V* ore -altyded to. ¦ »
This delicate distinction between rob
bing the person or the. public may ob
trude itself when McKowen's defehse
is attempted by. his legal advisers.. To
one of his sympathetic visitors yester
day the prisoner declared that he in
tends to offer no defense; but will plead
jruilty as charged and taKe his pun
ishment without murmur. But that
¦was prior to his interview with Attor
ney H. M. Wrisht of this city, who is
associated with Attorney Peter F.
Dunne in the case.
In this connection it may not be amiss
to state that no complaint has been
formally filed against McKowen, and
that Attorney C. E. Snook, represent
ing the Board of University Regents,
says no such Ptqps will be taken until
the report of the bookkeeping experts
has been received and acted upon. 'At
torney Wright, on the oth?r hand, gave
assurance that pending completion of
the inquiry no effort will be made by
him to obtain McKo wen's;, release
through habeas corpus proceedmgs.
McKowen himself is evidently content
to stay in durance until he appears in
court.
Ijr apart from the Btc:a appropriation
for maintenance of the universiti'. But
if he used the general fund to make
good hi? obligations to the student win
ners of the scholarships, then lie sure'"
embezzled money subscribed /by the
taxpayers and ivas guilty of pilfering
public funds.
DELICATE DISTINCTIONS.
Continued From Page 1 , ¦ XTolumn .6.
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.. \ ¦ ; '
I RECEIVES WORLD'S HIGHEST ENDORSEMENT I
M , European government scientist awards Schlitz the highest honor. pj
wi * • From Weihenstephan, Bavaria, the \ most renowned school of brewing in the world, comes this
8 The Beer That^Made Milwaukee pronounced best American beer by the Bavarian I
| Government's famous brewer, Prof. Dr. Hans Vogel, Director of the Scientific Station for I
| the Art of I Brewing, subventioned, by the Royal- Bavarian Government. Bavaria is the cradle of |!
§11 We spend fortunes on cleanliness." "..--,,,; , " Scientific Station for the Art ij }
||3 We clean every tub, every boiline vat, tank or barrel. : '•¦ weihenstephan, near freising f\
BSal -.. "•.""..•' . t— ¦¦ {Subtentionerl by the Royal Bavarian Govt\> i J
%£ everypipe and pump, every time we use it. '-¦ ' • prof. dr. hans vogel % •¦ - • i
f|i We bore wells down 1400 feet to rock for pure water. _„ ¦. '¦ „• .., jJ
jLtnagl -.-.-• ¦ **£.! njji> jilt jn.*\*> y a >i \j v • <£ y l uu<# I I
b5*WsIi' We cool the beer in filtered air oliihl^ uicumg \^\j, , — « i
|§1||| • e fil ter tne beer by machinery. Through the courtesy of Commerzienrath (Counsellor of Commerce) Dr. Datterer, ! |
Kj il& store Schlitz beer for months in refrigerating rooms, I have not only partaken of same, but have also made a searching chemical & \
1| ;§|?^\ unt il it 1S w ell fermented — until it cannot cause biliousness. analysis, the result of which I enclose. „ . - >- J
fllr^kik ' • '.'...'¦!;¦ v '' : ' The analysis, as a matter of course, can give no idea of an important feature, the figlChinese soldiers range from 16 to
60 years of age.
Frank A. Schmitz, brother of the
Mayor, was married to Mrs. Louisa G.
Fabian, former matron of the City
Prison, yesterday. The couple secured
their marriage license late yesterday
afternoon and at once went to the
chamber? of Judge Dunn, who tied the
matrimonial bonds. Herbert S.
Schmitz. brother of the groom, was
the only one in attendance at the wed
ding.
After the ceremony the couple re
paired to Mayor Schmitz's house and
were entertained by the Mayor's fam
ily. Only the particular, friends of the
bride and groom were present
Schmitz and his wife left last night
for a tour In Southern California,.
Frank Schmitz was formerly Super
intendent of Public Buildings.
Brother of the Mayor, Is Married to
Mr«. Ixnilsa G. Fabian by Justice
of the Peace Dunn.
FRANK A. SCIIMITZ; TAKES
UNTO HIMSELF A BRIDE
Chicago Jurist Passes Away.
CHICAGO. Dec. 17. — Judge J.
Hutchinson of the Superior Court
died to-day of heart failure.
LANCASTER. Pa.. Dec. 17. — Col
onel B. Frank Eshelman, judge advo
cate general of the Pennsylvania Na
tional Guard, died to-day, aged 56
years.
Pennsylvania Guardsman Dies.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 17. — Rev.
George Baker, pastor of the Firet
Presbyterian Church and president of
the board of directors of Princeton
Theological Seminary, died suddenly
tonight, aged 64 years.
Philadelphia Rector Dies.
GILROY. Dec. 17.— George T. Ar
thur, a native of North CarolirAdied
last evening at the home of his Srugh
ter. Mrs. nimira Cruse, in this city.
He was born February 14, 1812, and
came to California In 1S33. He spent
several years farming in this vicinity
and later vent to Oregon.
Ascd Xorth Ca roll nan Dead.
For two years the oil consumption of
the world has exceeded the production.
Th^ stock "of crudf Pennsylvania petro
leum above ground In December. 1900.
vthlS 13.174.7] 7 barrel*, while in Decem
ber. 3 &02. the amount thus stored was
<>cly S.6f«?.12T barrels. Pennsylvania has
the greatest American oil field.
yesterday issued an appeal to princi
pals and teachers to prepare an ex
hibit of school work for the approach
ing session of the California Teachers'
Association. The circular on the sub
ject follows: •
To Principal* anil T>ach*r*: In view of th^
• *t-<-ll»>r!t warfe already submftted tj this otace
tor ntllB'Hii piUT>o»«= end the observation of
the SUoermtPnd» > nt ard deputies, it is deemej
to <ii»oiay some of o::r wcrfk at the
BCprosStiag K'MiiJn r,i th? California Tea<-li
«Tc" Association in order that visiting teachers
rr.tv tt-e it* surcrior quality.
To this end principals end fachers ere In
vited to arrange puch material as t^ c y may
have pa hand, illustrating Keopraphy. draw
:nc arithmttjc or an;.- especially attractive
work <elthtr prepared by teacher or F' J P") in
a room at tte Mission High Sohool.
It 1» furi^?**"J that this exhibit misht in
< luc> ffograrhi.al i/icture albums, teachers'
product, rainfall cni! physical eeopraphy maps.
t-.m vtllif thr*e of the jiupllc. relief map*, etc.
The room wi!l be at the dlijxj^al of principals
and teachers to arrar.gv the exhibit on Wednes
day, IJeccrr.ber 23. at 10 a. m. Respe<-tfully
your», W. H. UAXGDOX.
Fujjer.nt'nderit of Schools.
Suixrinxrndent Lan;?don Appeals to
Teachers to Prepare Material for
Approaching Convention. •
Superintendent of Schools Langdon
DESIRES TO SECURE AS
EXHIBIT OF SCHOOL WORK
Car anil Wagon Collide.
Dennis Murphy, driver of a wagon,
was badly injured in a collision with
a Folsom-street car at the corner of
Fifteenth street yesterday afternoon.
He was treated for numerous lacerat
ed wounds at the City and County*
Hospital.
Educator's Wife Dies of Pneumonia.
ANN ARBOR. Mich., Dec. 17.— Mrs.
James B. Angsll, wife of the president
of the University of Michigan, died
to-day of pneumonia. Mrs. Angell was
the daughter of a famous college pres
ident, Alexis Caswell, of Brown Uni
versity. She presided over the Amer
ican legation at Peking, China, while
Angell was United States Minister to
that country.
NAP A. Dec. 17. — After a brief ill
ness, Mrs. Johanna Muller, wife of
the late August Muller. died at her
home this morning. She was born in
Germany and was 69 years of age.
•She has been a resident of Napa for
forty-six years. The children she
leaves are Herman, Rudolph and Os
car Muller of Xapa, August Muller of
Oakland, Mrs. J. A. Allen of Sacra
mento and Mrs. Bell, wife of Con
gressman Bell. Congressman and Mrs.
Bell are now en route to this coast.
Prominent NVpa Woman Dead.
Irwjn charges him with acting as an
agent for Mitchell, in which capacity
it is alleged he swore to the vouchers
for the sales of stamps, on which war
rants were drawn.
The indictment against Daniel W.
Gaines, who until recently was an ex
tensive cattle owner and ranchman,
charges him with swearing falsely to
proof made on homestead entries by
men whom he is alleged to have hired
for that purpose and from whom he
is charged with having purchased the
land for a nominal sum when title was
completed.
R. M. Allen is indicted for the alleged
illegal fencing of Government land in
Western Nebraska. The indictment
contains several counts and charges
that large tracts of these lands were
fenced by the Standard Cattle Com
pany, of. which Allen is president.
National bank notes are one-sixth of
the money in circulation.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 17. — The Sen
ate Committee on Commerce to-day
ordered favorable reports on bills as
follows: Providing for a naval depot
for the revenue cutter service at Oak
land. Cal., on condition that the site
is donated to the Government; for
the construction of a vessel for the
removal and destruction of derelicts
and other floating dangers to naviga
tion; for the construction of a life
saving station at Cape Nome, Alaska,
and increasing the number of light
house districts from sixteen to eight
een, and locating 1 one of the new dis
tricts in Alaska and the other in Por
to Rico.
Senate Committee Reports Favorably
on Bill on Condition That Site
Is Donated to Government.
OAKLAND TO GET NAVAL
DEPOT FOR CUTTERS
Send some of these wines to your East
ern friends for Christmas. We prepay
freight to Chicago or New York. Wet
more-Bowen Co., 410 Post St., San Fran
cisco. . X
Cresta Blanca Wines.
SAN RAFAEL. Dec. 17.— Captain
Richard S. Alexander, former pilot
commissioner, died at his home here
this morning at 2 o'clock.
Captain Alexander was not ill for any
length of time and died during his
sleep. For several months ho had been
gradually failing although making
round trips, to San Francisco almost
every day. In the past few weeks his
decline had been very marked and for
the last few days he had been in the
house.
Alexander was a native cf Nova
Scotia. He was born in 1825. He came
to California many years ago and was
a prominent sea captain for years. In
1S53 he v/as appointed pilot commis
sioner, but subsequently resisted. He
leaves a wife and a son, John Alexan
der. The funeral will take place in
San Rafael to-morrow afternoon.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Pocket books, v.-rist bags, letter and
card canes, billhooks, cigar cases and
manicure sets for Christmas. Lettered
free. Sanborn. Vail A: Co. •
Captain Alexander Dies
During Slumber in
the Night.
pj^RIS, Dec. 17.— r Dr. Duchateau
testified to-day before Commissioner
Eisler of New York, appointed to take
testimony in the Fair will case here.
His evidence was on the same lines as
that of Dr. Perriquet and favorable to
the theory that Mrs. Charles L. Fair
survived her husband, who, with Mrs.
Fair, was killed in an automobile acci
dent in August, 1902.
Says Fair Died First.
PARIS, Dec. 17. — The Liberte con
firms the report that the Council of the
War Office has considered the details
of Dreyfus' reinstatement in the army
and the regiment he will command,
with the rank of lieutenant colonel, has
been chosen. It is added that a deter
mination has' been reached to deal rig
orously with officers who express dis
approval of Dreyfus' reinstatement.
Will Be Reinstated and
Given Command of
Regiment.
ALFRED DREYFUS, WHOSE
-TRIUMPH OVER £ ARMY
STAFF IS COMPLETE.
It "was plainly indicated to the Minis
ter that the explanation sent by the
Porte was far from satisfactory, and
that if it had been presented in the
hope of tempering the vigorous policy
already begun by the State Department
to obtain reparation and apology the
hope was a vain one. Although the
visit frcm an official standpoint was
anything but satisfactory, the Minister
was received with cordiality personally,
as he is thoroughly persona grata to
the- State Department officials.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Dec. 17. — The
American Vice Consul to Alexandretta
telegraphs that Attarian. the natural
ized Amr-rican whose arrest caused
Consul Davis to leave Alexandretta. has
declined the transportation tendered
h'irn by the authorities until the latter
refund him th* money, amounting to
$2500. seized at the time of his arrest.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 17.— Further ad
vices from Minister Leishman, at Con
stantinople, to the State* Department
Fhow that he has made an energetic
protest to the Porte against the action
of the Turkish officials at Alexandretta.
Irishman's last cablegram further sus
tairs Consul Davis in his action, and
the State Department, consequently, is
not disposed to regard favorably any
complaints from the Porte against his
defense of naturalized American clti-
When Chekib Bey. the Turkish Minis
ter, called at the State Department this
afternoon with a telegram from the
Sublime Porte to the effect that Consul
Davis had treated the police in a rough
'iay he was politely informed that his
explanation did not agree with the facts
as the State Department had learr.ed
them.
MITCHELLS AGENT.
The indictment against William M.
The indictment against former State
Senator Lowe charges him with alleged
conspiracy to bribe a United States
Senator. Two counts, each of $500. are
named in the bill. It is charged that
these amounts were paid to Lowe by
Postmaster John C. Mitchell in consid
eration cf Lowe's indorsement of
Mitchell's candidacy to Senator Dei
trich for the appointment of Postmas
ter at Alma.
General Colby was indicted for al
leged embezzlement for amounts ag
gregating $3000 of Government funds
paid to him in trust by the State of
Nebraska and others for equipment be
longing to the United States army.
Postmaster J. C. Mitchell is indicted
for conspiracy to defraud the Govern
ment by the sale outside of his post
office of large quantities of postage
stamps in order to increase the receipts
of the office at Alma, and thus succeed
ed in raising the classification of the
office and securing an increase of sal
ary.
The indictments against Senator
Dietrich and State Senator Lowe are
in addition to those returned against
them a week ago.
Senator Dietrich is charged with the
alleged violation of section 3739 of the
Revised Statues, which provides that
no member or delegate to Congress
shall "directly or indirecUy, himself or
by any other person in trust for him or
for his use or benefit or on his account,
undertake, execute, hold or enjoy in
whole or in part, any contract or agree
ment made or entered into on behalf of
the United 'states, by any officer or
person authorized to make contracts
on behalf of the United States."
The indictment charges that Senator
Dietrich leased to the Government on
April 24. 1901, a building at Hastings,
Xebr., to be used for a postofflce, at an
annual rental of $1300. There is one
count, which covers the amount re
ceived for rental on the building from
the date of its lease to the Government
up to the present time, equal to a sum
Flightly in excess of $2000.
t TWO COUNTS AGAINST LOWE.
OMAHA, Nebr., Dec. 17.— The United
States Grand Jury to-day made its re
port to the court, returning nineteen
true bills. They include indictments
against United States Senator Charles
H. Dietrich, for alleged illegal leasing
of a building to the Government to be
used as a postofllce; former Adjutant
General Leonard W. Colby, for the al
leged embezzlement of Government
funds; Daniel Gair.es of Bassett, Nebr.,
for alleged perjury in swearing falsely
to homestead entries; former State
Senator Elliott Lowe, for alleged con
spiracy to bribe a United States Sena
tor; Postmaster John C. Mitchell of
Alma, charging- him with the illegal
sale of postage stamps; William M. Ir
win, on a charge of acting as agent for
Mitchell, and against R. M. Allen, pres
ident of the Standard Cattle Company,
for the alleged illegal fencing of Gov
ernment lands.
The other indictments were similar
to that against Allen, but do not in
volve extensive tracts of land.
VIOLATES SECTION' 3739.
This admission caused excitement
and General Counsel M. D. Grover of
the Northern Pacific and Great North
ern took the stand to explain the sit
uation.
W r aterhouse — I mean they will not
take it at the same rate. They would
not make the same through rate to a
tramp sailing ship or tramp steamer
that arrived in the harbor of Seattle
or Tacoma that they would to the regu
lar lines.
Chairman Knapp— The Northern Pa
cific has an arrangement with you
under which it will not carry any hemp
except that you bring it over in your
steamers?
Chairman Kr.app— Why not?
Waterhouse — Because they have a
contract with our line which prohibits
them from taking it.
Chairman Knapp— You don't mean
quite that, do you?
Waterhouse— Yes, sir; I mean that.
v Docs it not come to this, then,"
asked Chairman Knapp, "that you
want the Northern Pacific road to car
ry hemp from Seattle to St. Faul for
37»i cents when it is brought over by
your steamers, but if brought over on
a tramp. steamer you want the railrcad
to charge twice as much as its propor
tion?"
Waterhouse— If brought over on a
tramp steamer they won't take it.
"WASHINGTON, Dec. 17.— The Inter
state Commerce Commission to-day
gave a hearing on its proposed require
ment that after January 1, 1904, the
tariffs in export and import traffic be
published and filed with .the commis
sion, the same as domestic tariffs. .
During the session an admission was
made by. Frank Waterhouse, represent
ative from the Boston Steamship Com
pany of Seattle, of a discriminating
contract between that company and
the Northern Pacific Company. Wa
terhouse was discussing the 75-cent
through rate on hemp from Manila tQ
St. Paul, equally divided between the
water line and the railroad. - ¦
Body Also Returns a True
Bill Against Senator Elliott
Lowe for Attempted Bribery
PROFITS BY TRANSACTION
MUST PAY HIGHER KATES
Unguarded Statement Causes
Stir at Meeting of the Inter
state Commerce Commission
Leishman Sustains Action of
Consul Davis in the Protec
tion of American Citizens
EXPLANATIONS ABE WEAK
State Department Officials
Treat the Turkish Minister
Politely but Very Coolly
United States Grand Jury In
dicts Him for Alleged Il
legal Lease to Government
Steamship Agent Tells of Con
tract Discriminating Against
Vessels Xot in Combine
PORTE FAILS
TO PLACATE
MORE TROUBLE
FOR DIETRICH
ADMITS POOL
WITH RAILWAY
MARINER'S
LIFE ENDS
SUDDENLY
ADVANCED,
RANK FOR
DREYFUS
tHE SAN FRANCISCO. . CALL, FRIDAY. DECEMBER MS;- 1903.
CAPTAIN RICHARD S. ALEX
ANDER. WHO DIED IN SAN
RAFAEL.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS. -
BIENNIAL STAT£MBNT
Security Savings Bank
Published pursuant to an act of the Legis-
lature, ai.proved March 23. 1MVI, and showing
unclaimed deposits on December 1. 1903.
Name. Residence. Amount.
Christina Cooke San Francisco *457S» irz
James Dolan San Francisco 67 61
C. Mitchell Grant, fan Francisco 59 23
Anaise Hill r 138 4«
Leonard Mager....San Francisco 166 21
R. H Ma goo n San Francisco ..... 440 69
John If. Prime.... San Francisco S8 65
Total ."$5553*80
FRED W. RAT. Secretary^
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GP.FAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedies for Disease of the
Kidn«v8 and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
323 Market St., S. F.— (Send for Circulars).
DDTTCIirC FOR BARBERS. BA-
un UoilLO k ««. "*«}»¦«>;»• b » th -
houses, billiard - tabus.
bre>vers. bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyeis. fiour mills, foundries, laundries, paper*
haDgere. printers, painters, shoe factories,
ttablernpc. t>r-m«Or*. tanner*, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BXOSh
Brusl; Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St.
TVT/^VT^T p - and G - Coots a«d Shoes.
l^j fl B |\J Warranted waterproof. Kor
A '^-^ x ~ i Hunters. Survetors. Mln-
a j-^ m t -A ' ? r ".' «tc. • Pend for catalog
Alii J A SHREVE&.BARBZRr.O.
* »vj^^-'x-m 739 Mark , t st.. s. P-
0CEAN TBAVEL.
S S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Dec.19,11 a.m.
S' S SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
'land and Sydney. Thursday. Dee. 81, 2 p. m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Jan. C. .1004.
latylt&kUl BirWIUflrli. i.hOktL
¦ COKPAQNIE GEHEHALB TBA53ATLAJTTI3UX.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS., j^-
Sailing tvery Thursday Instead of ««JLfiEfs)
Saturday, at JO "a. m.. from Pier 42. ' ¦;»"«J
North River, foot of Morton street.'
First class to Havre. $70 and. upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward.. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, M Broadway , « Hudson Building).
New Ycrk. J. F. F\?GAZ1 & CO.. PaelUc Coast
Agents. 6 Montgomery avenue. San' Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. --
OCEAN TRAVEL. . ;•
' Steamers le<v«; Saa Tria-
/gAJ^-^Q^ Cisco as follows:, i • .. - .
ArJL^ _- . Xd\ For KetchllAn. tVrang*!.
A*7 «J*Sfcl "Y*\ Juneau. Halrtes. Skadar.
I I \ia3S3l ! I f«c.. Ala.«ka— 11 a. m.. L>«c.
1 y.UBJfigi,' j 17. 22. 27. Jan. 2. Clunjs
v5L V * jfCl to coin P an y'* ¦teame'rs at
>d^!SH2$'' *" or Victoria. Vancouver.
"*^ Port Townsend, • Seattle, Ta-
coma, Everett, Whatcom — 11 a., m..- Dec 17,
22, 27. Jan. Z. Cbange at Seattle to this. com-
pany's' steamers for Alaska ar.1 01/ N. Ry. ; at
Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. : at Va&coirter
to C. P. Railway. . i • - / - -
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomofta, 1:30
p. m.. Dee. IS. 24. 30. Jan. 5; Corona. 1:30 p.
m.. Dec. 21. 27. Jan. 2. r ¦ M ir'.r
For Lo« Angeles <vla Port \xs% Anfeiea and
Redondo). * San Diezo and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays, ft a. in. .•->'•%
. State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. tn. • ._
For Lou Ancele» (via San Pedro and East
Ban Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cms. Mon-
terey,' S.in Simeon. Cayueos. Port Harford (Saa
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Huenenie, ¦*'£"*
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. D«c. 19. 27, Jan. 4.
. Bon It a. 9 a. m.. Dec. 23. SI. Jan. 8. ? -;
For Enaenada. Magdalena Bay. Sjm.Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Hex.). 10 a. m..' 7{h- of. each
month. ... -- . -
For further Information obtain folder.- J - "
¦ Right i« reserved to change steamers' or sail.
Inr dates. » .. . ¦ . . ' . •
TICKET OITXCES — < New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street- and
Broadway wharves. ¦ .. » •-.. .
Freight office. 10 Market street.. '¦- • ,• •
C. D. DUNANN. General Pa«ser.jcer Ag«nt.*
10 Market street. San. FrafteUco.
O. I?. & N. CO.
"Columbia" eails Dec. 19. 29, Jan.*. a. IS.
2S. Feb. 7 and IT. "George -Vt. Elder", sails
Dec 14,. 24. Jan. 3. 13. 23. Feb? 2 and 12.
Only steamship line to PORTLAND, OR.. 'and
abort rail line from Portland to all- oolnts
East. ThroBth tickets to all points, all tail
or steamship and rail, at LOWEST RATES.
Steamer tickets Include berth and - meal*.
Steamer sails foot of Spear St.. at 11 a. m. 9.
F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass Dept.. I' Mont-
gomery st,: C. CLIFFORD. Gen. A«t. ; Freight
Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KA1SHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP. CO.)- " V '
' Strainers will leave wharf, earner FlfatjAM
Brannan streets at 1 p. m.. for TOKOH.UtA
and HONGKONG calling at Kobe IHl6*o>.
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India., *tc«. ; No
cargo received on board on day cf s*mn*.
S S. NIPPON MARU (calling at Manila) C
' .......... .Wednesday. December - £0. 1303
S. S. AMERICA MARU "lISEu
...Monday. January 23, 130*
8. S. HONGKONG MARU ,V-.*i.
Wednesday. February 17 X*H
VU Honolulu.- Round-trip tickets at Tedtteed
rates. For freight and passage apply, at Com-
pany's office. «21 Market street, conwr. Tint.
panjrs ""^-^ R AVERT parent! A*tot>;
Mai* Island tad "Valla jo Steamers.
- Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELlb—
9-43 a. tn.. 3:15 and *:30 p. nv. except Sunday.
Sunday, 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leav« Vall»Jo,
7 a m., 12:30 and « p. m.. «x. Sunday. Sun-
day 7 a. m.; 4:1» p. m. Far*. 50 cents Tel.
Main 1503. Tier S. Mlaslon-at. dock. HATCH
BUOS. "
JOE ROSENBERG'S. (
SnrZ^f* b^^
What Would You Do
If you had an Elephant
on your hands ?
SELL XT—
Or s-et rid of It the best way yon
could?
WOTTLDNT TOU? . .
We find we are overstocked In roods,
and rather than carry them over until
next ecascn we have cut the prices low
enonsrh so they will sorely sell Quickly.
An example of the way we are selUn**:
Ladies' Hcse.
Made of French lisle, openwork lace ef-
fect, double heels and toes, full length.
The regular 50c quality. Now three
pairs for $1.00
Ladies' Hoso.
Made of superior quality cashmere, fast
black, spliced heel and toe, winter
weight, soft as velvet. A preventive
for cold feet or chilblains. Price.. 25c
Chifdran's Cashmere Hose.
Made of steam-shrunk worsted, fast
black, double heels and toes, full length.
Jersey knit, winter weight; all sizes.. Hoe
Ladies' and Children's Knitted
Underwear.
We oxp?cted cold weather long before
this, her.ee the reason for our being
overstocked.
Child's Verts. "V
Made of Peruvian yarn, sanitary dyed,
high neck and long sleeves, jersey knit,
fleece lined, full finish. In ecru or gray.
Pan is to Match.
French bands, ankle length. Made of
the same quality as above. Price. ,
: A garment 25c
Ladies' Combination Suits.
The celebrated "Oneita" make. Seam-
less and glove fitting, high neck and lo'ng
sleeves, jersey knit, fleece lined. In white
oniy. If we were not overstocked you
couldn't buy them for double this price.
Price A suit 5Oc
Ladies' Vests.
High neck and long sleeves. Made of
90 per cent wool, just enough yarn to
prevent shrinking, swiss ribbed. In gray
or white. Real worth $1.25. A limited
quantity will be sold for OoC
Ladies' Vests.
Made cf pure Vega silk, high neck and
long sleeves, swiss ribbed. In pink, blue
and cream.
Tights.
i Made of same quality as above, ankle
; length, sock finish, tight-fltting tops.
Limited quantity for a limited number of
: days. Price A garment $1.25
Cushions.
16x16 at 13c
lSxljt at UOc
20x20 at. HOc
22x22 at Hoc
24x24 at 4Oc
26x26 at 5Oc
Ladies' Hose Supporters.
The kind that attach to . the corsets.
: Made of fancy frilled French elastic, vel-
j vet grip clasps, fancy buckles, with fleur
de lis design, also satin ribbon bows. In
pink, blue, cardinal and black. , At the
Price Cutter's .A pair 25c
Ladies' Hose Supporters.
Made with a circular belt, the kind that
goes around the waist, oY fancy frilled
elastic. In pink. blue, cardinal and
black. You will appreciate the quality
when you see them af this low price.
Price 25c
98c Instead of $1.50.
MEN'S MUFFLERS make an accept-
able holiday present. Here is one 23
inches wide and 47 inches long, made of
extra heavy surah silk. fast. black, wide
hemstitched ends, at the Price Cutter's..
O8c
LOOK FOR THE NAME....
It Stands for What Is Best
JOE EOSENBEBO'S.
Dolls.
XX yon ar« lookl&ff for on* go •ls«'w&«r«
and then' coma to us and yon will tartly
Had our price« are tne lowest aal oar
assortment the greatest. Tnls. Is a. sam-
ple line we are sellfcur for one-quarter
less taan the manufacturer 1 * eost. , -
35c quality, sample price. 1 5c
50c quality, sample price •{•"c
$14)0 qnallty, sample price.... UOC
And Others.
Dolls.
Double Jointed, kid covered. Preidan
head, natural looking: hazel eyes, curly
blonde hair, lace effect stockings. Price
th?m elsewhere, then come here and
see wjiat we save you at this low
price. On sale in our bargain base-
ment for ..40c
Ladies' Gowns.
Made of steam shrunk flannelette, yoke
effect, rolling collar with scalloped silk
embroidered edge. In pink an<J blue
stripes. Price 50c
Ladies' White Underskirts.
Made of soft finished cambric' Ca-
ished with a 14-inch flounce, Victoria
lawn, and trimmed with three rows of
tucks and two rows of Normandy lae*
insertion, edged with a ruffle of tucks
and lace. Real, worth $2.00. A; lim-
ited quantity will be sold for. ..£1.35
Louise Mildred.
Straight front Corset, made of eateeni.
double side steels, boned throughout
with unbreakable steels, circular cut
and hand gored, medium and low bust.
French hip; hose ' supporters wtttT" trot-
ton clasps attached to the front. In
black and white. Corset and nose sup-
porters 50c
Ladies' Jackets. - ...
Made of extra heavy striped eiderdown.
deep spliced sailor collar, satin bound;
mll'tary braided loops down the front.
In different colored stripes. In the new
fall shades. To-day's and to-morrows
price $1.15
Some Women Appreciate Diamonds,
Others Wearing Apparel,
HTBE ASS SOUS
Ladies' Japanese Coats .
That will not fail to please any woman.
Made of extra heavy silk, wadded and
quilted throughout, buttoned wltn mili-
tary frogs down the front. • . : , :
Pink with blue lining.
Black with cardinal lining.
Lemon with blue lining, -and : many
other combinations of colors." Ptlce.. .
S4.25
Ladies' Waists. ¦ ¦ '
Made of all-silk crepe. Latest cut. fancy
fagoting; black handmade Tenerifte me-
dallions In the front; also graduated
tucks to form a yoke In the back 'and
front. In pink. blue, cream and black.
Instead of $7.50. our price S5.5O
Veilings. . • . * -
The auto or face protectors. Made '*>t
all-silk chiffon. 18 inches wide, chenille
or embroidery dotted. In blue, brown,
black and white. Instead of 50c. marked
to close out ; 25c
Webbing or A Hover.
A bargain in every sense of the word.
Made of all-French silk chiffon. • with
fancy embroidered figures, in leaves, flo-
ral and serpentine designs. 20 inches
wide, for dress yokes or millinery pur-
poses. In black or white. Instead " df
$2.00 or $2.50 a yard, now 81.5O
Laces.
For underwear or fancy work. In Point
de Paris or Normandy, from 2 to «* Inches
wide, pearl edge. The gocd washing
kind. Leaves, coral, floral and bowknot
designs. If we are good Judges, the
quantity will not last long at this lrrw
Price a yard IOC
Wash Net or B obi net.
52 Inches wide, for making fancy toilet
baskets, scarfs and pincushions, ! Kote
the width and the low price. A yard.Uoc
20c and 25c Handkerchiefs. "'.'.- -
For a limited number of days. -Made of
XX lawn, in the newest Swiss designs;
narrow and elaborately embroidered.' all
buttonhole-edged. Price... .Each- lli!ic
Gents' Handkerchiefs. • - v
Made of extra heavy white Belfast cloth
narrow hemstitched borders, lara* slae.
If you are a judge you would not believe
that we could sell a staple article like
this for the low price Apiece 1 5c
Xeal handmade Battenfterr. Always
make an appreciable holiday srt/t. but
not always to be obtained at these low
prices.
Tidies or Doilies. .< * .
Nine Inches across: in square or. round
designs; finished with a three-iifch bor-
der of handmade Battenberg lace. • Iff^
stead of 40c. at the Price Cutter's, ,23c
Bureau Scarfs or Runners.- '
20 inches wfde. 54 inches long. Made of
all-over . handmade Battenberg lace. ¦ In
floral and wreath designs. Marked low
to close out. Price .82.25
LOOK FOR THE NAME....
It Stands for What Is Best
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
•""»"¦¦ >¦ »^^^^-"
CHILDREN'S
HOSPITAL
December 22,
23 and 24
- Lid i ======
Sutter Street
•EVER/iLMOftBRANTB)
Sehoois and Cot /eyes.
1£ADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE
• WEST. 24 Pott st.. £aa Francisco. CaL
Established 40 yeara. Open entire year.
Write for illustrated catalccua- (free).
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I "Wherea theBw\dpj^^^^l|- , I
S=Talkina Machines for Christmas=|
|) We invite you to compare all the different makes of talking machinesjn our Talking Machine R
H Department. We carry the four recognized leaders — the' Zon-o-phone, latest talking machine on the H
jq market and in our opinion the best; the Edison -and Columbia Machines, favorably known throughout d
| the United States, and the popular Victor. • . j|
I There is no more complete Talking Machine Department in the United , States than ours. We c
B know of no other house in the world where these four great Talking Machines are offered for comparison B
and sale side by side. The prices we offer are the lowest in San Francisco, (machines from $5 00 up) n
and we also have an easy payment plan for those who cannot afford to pay cash. ||
Other Features of Our Unique Talking Machine Department. g
I Over sixty thousand records in our record racks, which make them; the' most complete in California. B
Private record rooms for the use of . customers selecting: records^ are provided. 'These rooms' are H
practically sound-proof and are comfortably furnished. ' ,¦ jX
'<] Prompt service is a byword with , us in all departments, and, the Talking Machine Department is not 9
behind the rest. . '. . / . ||
Here Christmas shoppers will find every convenience for making purchares quickly, intelligently and i
comfortably. , • ; ¦'¦¦ . • "S ¦ .>•..' r '*. '••'." * ¦ *'-' . B
We invite you to call merely to inspect one of the most complete Talking Machine Departments in: H
the United States. f/w : ; •'• .. :/ ;P<-. - x ¦¦ - • .': M
We give impromptu recitals every afternoon from 2 until 4 o'clock,, when the programme is se- If
lected by the audience. Open evenings until Christmas. " . ' H
KOHLER & CHASER !
_. CORNER. POST and KBARNV STREETS. |
. The volume and value of the business of. Kohler <fc Chase largelyexceeds.that .of any other, musical establishment of the West. gaMcDennotfs, is little known now
adays. It is, nevertheless, effective, and
is all the more worth learning because
so few modern boxers understand it.
Its success depends almost wholly on
your knowledge of your opponent's
balance. Tried prematurely the cross
parry is doomed to failure. Like most
other boxing tricks, everything depends
on its timeliness.
When your opponent leads with his
left throw your left arm (not your
right) in such a way as to catch the
"heel" of his glove with the "heel" of
your own, at the point (on both your
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
PIVOT ON LEFT FOOT.
Clever Boxing Moves.
BT ALBERT PATSON TERHUNE.
{Athletic Expert New York Evening World.
Author of "Muscle Buildlnc." Etc.)
CCoprricht, 3903. by Joseph 13. Bowie*.)
The cross-parry, a favorite ruse of
A gypsy was arrested in Oakland a few days ago for
telling fortunes without a license. . The old woman
should have been charged with obtaining money under
false pretenses, and she should also be arraigned for
conspiring against the fair name of the town by exciting
some of its denizens to an exhibition of suppressed and
undesirable traits.
It seems almost a criminal waste of time and a use
less expenditure of the money of'the State to send to the
penitentiary the two boys, aged 17 years and 15 years
respectively, who were captured the other day while
plying their trade as highwaymen on the water front.
They certainly know now as much as they would learn
in San Quentin, and a post-graduate course in crime for
them would be as if painting the lily.
Remarkable Blind Man.
That the loss of one sense uuickens
the activity of others Is shown by the
story of George Hebble, a blind mu
sician of Indianapolis.
When seen at his home Mr. Hebble
told a Plttsburg Gazette correspondent
how his remarkable gift of recollection
was developed. "I never could under
stand." he said, "why It should not be
just as easy to remember things as to
remember where things are. For in
stance, many people— most people I
presume— will say, when looking for
gome paper or other Important article,
that It Is in a certain pigeonhole or
drawer In a desk. They cannot tell
what the contents of the paper Itself
relates to. but they know just where
it ' is. Now, it has always seemed to
me that it should be just as easy to re
member a thing as to remember where
that thing is. That is the whole secret
of a good memory.
"My earliest recollections," he went
The" minister who landed among us stranded from
the Antipodes and seeking a wife to pour financial balm
upon his wounds came with the wrong credentials. _He
had the necessary impudence and assurance, was cer
tainly worthless enough to interest some of our silly
girls, but he lacked that primary essential to the success
of such quests. He took -no pains to prove the taint in
a man's blood commonly called blue, i"; /\
SENATOR BAILEY of Texas is a picturesque fig
ure in the Senate. He is rich, learned and im
pulsive. The latter quality led him to make an
attack %n Senator Beveridgeof Indiana in a moment
of exaltation that did not advance him in the scale of
statesmanship nor in the esteem of his colleagues. He
is a debater of the high horse variety, and when he takes
the floor the welkin stuffs its ears with cotton and waits
till the clouds of-sound roll by.
The other day he took the floor against Cuban recip
rocity and ripped it up, back and front, leaving it looking
like a bee tree that has been split- to get at the honey.
When he finished the bill passed the Senate by the
votes of such Democratic Senators as Blackburn, Mc-
Crcary, Cockrell, Stone, Bacon, Clay and many others.
After all this intellectual and muscular exertion of,Sen
ator Bailey it is amusing to read in the Hearst news
papers that he only presented the ideas of William
Randolph Hearst, as evolved from his gray matter and
published in his several; journals.
Happy Bailey! He did not have to think at all in that
long speech. 'Mr. Hearst had done it for him. The use
fulness of Mr. Hearst is without bounds. He is the
thinkist for the statesmen . of his party in Congress,
and his idea factory is continually putting labeled goods
on the market for their intellectual wear. But we must
have no more pretense that these mental goods, are
home made. ,
f If Mr. Bailey had been duly grateful to Mr. Hearst
he would have risen for oratory and said: "I am now
about to be the medium of ' conveyance and oral transit
HAPPY BAILEY.
Pardon Us.
The San Francisco Call devotes a
page of its Monday's edition to writing
up the resources of the Interior of the
State. Yesterday it published articles
from the pens of C. M. Wooster and
N. P. Chipman, president of the Cali
fornia State Board of Trade. Both
are Interesting and will undoubtedly
direct attention to California's almost
unlimited resources. The Call is on
the proper course. All of the great
journals of the State should devote a
little more of their space to building
up the interior, and they will not b(«
neglectful of their own interests In
doing so, for as the interior progresses
so will their own homes advance and
increase in material wealth.— Madera
Daily Tribune. .
"Our Canadian friends have recovered from their fit
of anger toward us and are beaming with satisfaction
at the report of their experts .that they can so fortify
Wales Island as to make, untenable any other position we
may assume in Portland Canal. W^hen they think again
and realize that what we want are the profits of peace,
not the glories of war, we may expect to hear more
about Yankee craft and English crookedness.
Pysttalcia.
Aegina's foam is high and wild
Where Pan immortal sits enislei*.
But thou and I with flying oar
Seek Psyttalela's sacred shore.
The City of the Violet Crown
Well knows that rocky island's frown.
But thou and I together learned
What fires upon her altars burned.
Oh, many a sail goes gleaming there,
Bound for some olive-garden fair;
But thou and I made fast to her
And found her cypress lovelier.
The shrines of Aphrodite lift
Their smoke in every village-rift;
But thou and I. remote from man.
Propitiate- the woodland Pan.
— The Reader.
King Peter of Servia, by a series of diplomatic blun
ders and by conduct obnoxious to the kingly, tribe in
Europe, is making himself .thoroughly disliked abroad.
Peter is wise in his time and generation. Precedent ar
gues very forcibly for him that at all hazards he must
not become disliked at home. He can therefore give
play to his disposition abroad.
World's Fair Notes.
Work Is progressing rapidly on Bra
zil's pavilion at the World's Fair. It
will be one of the largest and finest
foreign Govarnment buildings. It will
cost $130,000.
In the reproduction of Jerusalem at
the World's Fair already more than
200 distinct buildings have been erected.
The site covers twelve acres and all
buildings will be ready for use when
the Exposition opens April 30.
The installation of the sculpture on
the Palace of Electricity^.t the World'3
Fair has brought out all of the archi
tectural beauty of that mammoth
structure, and it will be universally ad
mired by the World's Fair visitors.
The builders at the World's Fair are
now concentrating their efforts on the
Pike. Several of the largest conces
sions are already constructed and
scores of others are being built in rec
ord breaking time. The Pike has been
paved Its entire length with .vitrified
brick.
With December at the World'* Fair
began the Installation of exhibits.
Nearly all of the great exhibit palaces
are finished and have been turned over
to the exhibits departments. Only the
Mines, Manufactures and Forestry,
Fish and Game buildings are incom
plete, and January 1 will see these last
three finished. The work of installation
will reach its height In February.
How "Bughouse" Was Born.
"Did you ever know the origin of the
word 'bughouse'?" said Tom Ernst, a
prominent member of the Musicians'
Union, to some friends. "Well, a few
years ago I was playing clarionet in
the orchestra of » theater in
Oakland. We had a little old German
playing viola, who loved only his instru
ment and himself. He was altogether
too quiet to suit the drummer, who was
always up to something, from tying
some one's instrument up and hanging
It In the flies, to nailing a plug hat to
the wall — which he once .did because
the cornet player had the temerity to
wear it.
"It was the season for the big brown
electric light bugs, as they are called,
and the chance to do something to the
viola player was not to be lost to Mr.
Drummer. He gathered a dozen or two
of the big beetles, and before the musi
cians arrived one evening squeezed them
through the sound-holes into the viola.
Nothing happened until the leader
dropped his baton for the first note of
the overture, and then — whang! went
the bugs as the bow struck the strings.
The little German If not 'bughouse' was
not far off. He nearly fell off his seat,
and on partly recovering composure be
gan swearing loudly In German. When
the overture ended the only explana
tion that could be obtained for his er
ratic conduct was, 'You take me and
my fiddle for bughouse, hey? r "
'A' Unique Symbol
President John H. Finley of the Col
lege of the City of New York writes
Interestingly in the Christmas issue of
Harper's "Weekly about the amusing
conflict which has gone on in Cuba be
tween the old, aristocratic traditions
Inherited from Spain and the newly
adopted principles erf democracy. One
significant Incident which is recalled
by Dr. Finley is particularly diverting.
He had cone to the cathedral at Ha
vana to be present at a special service
and was watching the procession of
acolytes, priests and Bishops &s it left
the altar. In the rear walked the Arch
bishop, In purple vestments, conversing
with the President, clad in the plain
garments of America's official habit.
"But it was the leader cf the proces
sion," writes Dr. Finley, "whose office
attracted my attention. ' A tall, pale
faced young priest was bearing, sol
emnly and with important air, a great
silver salver, and on It — not some ven
erated ecclesiastical symbol, not th«
gilded emblem of kingly majesty and
prerogative, nor even the martial in
signia of a vi eroy, but the plain, un
adorned, somewhat ruffled, tall, black
silk hat of the President of the repub
lic. Democracy must have its crown,
and the church had found in it the con
ventional, serviceable, every day cov
ering of a citizen."
glove and his)' where the padding
slopes sharply in toward the wrist on
the outer (or left) side of the left hand.
Catching his glove at this point, push
his hand and arm far to the left. Do
this as the weight of his body rests on
the ball of his left foot (as it will in de
livering the blow). His balance will be
thrown forward and will, for the in
stant, depend on one point — the ball of
the left foot. His left arm will also be
rigid. Therefore, the sharp twist to
the left imparted to his arm by your
cross-parry will send his whole body
spinning around to the right (to' your
left), the ball of his left foot serving as
a pivot.
He will, before he can recover him
self, face clear over to your left, leav
ing his left side exposed.
Then you can either land on the left
side of his Jaw or on his heart or kid
neys with_ your right, or else you can
(if you are quick enough) plant right
and left hand blows on him before he
can get back into position.
As you will readily see, -it is neces
sary to try the cross-parry during the
fraction of a second while the other
man's weight is on his left foot and
while his left arm Is far extended. To
do this it is sometimes well to step
back Just far enough to be out of his
reach, before his blow has advanced to
its full length, for the cross-parry must
be applied while its victim's arm is ex
tended.
There was once a sailor named George
La Blanche who left the sea for the
prize-ring. He was not one of the great
est fighters the world has ever seen. But
he invented and • put into practice a
blow which made him famous and
which still goes by his name. This blow
has since been ruled out and is not per
mitted in public boxing matches or
fights. I do not know why, for it re
quires speed, skill and strength, and I
can see nothing unfair about it. I shall
teach it to you now. You will not be
allowed to use it in a "formal" bout,
but it is a good thing to know and will
come in very handy if ever you are
called on to defend yourself in earnest.
La Blanche was In a fight some years
ago and was not faring particularly
well. His adversary rushed him. La
Blanche whirled suddenly about. Be
fore half 'the spectators could take in
the significance of what had occurred
there was a prostrate, unconscious
man lying in a heap on the canvas
floor, while George La Blanche stood
calmly awaiting the referee's decision.
Now, this is what La Blanche had
done: As his adversary led for his face
with the left La - Blanche whirled about
to the right, using the ball of the left
foot as a pivot, lifting his right foot
slightly from the ground and throwing
enough impetus into the revolution to
bring him clear around in a complete
circle. As he whirled he' threw out his
right arm, extending it to full length
and holding it as rigid as an Iron bar.
Around he came, and as his body
whirled past the place toward which
his antagonist was rushing La
Blanche's right fist caught him on the
side of the head. That is all there was
to that fight.
In practicing with your sparring part
ner let him keep his right arm raised
alongside his head to catch the blow.
The moment you hit him, on complet
ing the pivot, bring the right foot to
the ground and brace yourself or the
impact may topple you over. Even
should your fist miss him some part
of your forearm will land on the side
of his head or face and the effect will
be not unlike that produced by a blo.w
from a baseball bat.
If you merely wish to avoid his rush
and do not want to counter on him,
pivot on your right foot instead of on
your left. That will take you out of
his reach. Let me warn you again to
be careful how you employ this pivot
blow in a friendly bout.
• • • ¦
The last blow we shall tako up to
day was invented by "Kid" McCoy and
used by him in knocking out Steve
O'Donnell, three years ago.
Swing for your opponent's face with
your left. If you land, or-if he blocks
the blow, try again until he draws back
and the swing goes past his face. Now,
bring back the hand toward the left
and land on his face on the return
Jourtiey. This return must be very
rapia, and the body must turn slightly
at the same time in order to give
strength to the blow, which would
otherwise be merely a slap.
Let the left go past his face, remem
ber, and then bring it back, landing it
against the left side of . his jaw, the
arm being bent and the Impetus sup
plied by the shoulder. and body. It Is
not difficult and can be used to great
effect against any one who Is not ac
customed to U.
Called Collis Dozvn.
Collia P. Huntington, world leader in
railroad finance, a genius for organiza
tion and a controlling factor for many
years in the great Wall street game,
was called to time once and so com
pletely floored by a humble employe of
the Southern Pacific Company that the
story is one of the sacred traditions
In local railroad annals.
During one of Huntington's visits to
the coast some time before his death a
clerk from the general auditor's office
was sent to the president with a busi
ness message. Blank, the clerk, had no
trouble in reaching Huntington's quar
ters, but upon entering found the great
financier stretched out on a lounge,
sound asleep. Blank figured that It
would' not do to arouse the slumbering
magnate, so he waited. An hour elapsed
before Huntington awakened.
"Young man, how long have you been
waiting?" demanded Huntington, after
Blank stated his errand.
"An hour, Mr. Huntington," was the
reply.
"Well, sir; why didn't you wake me.
sir?" asked the multi-millionaire. "The
Southern Pacific Company cannot af
ford to have you waste an hour of your
time. Suppose every one of the 25,000
men on the payrolls wasted an hour a
day, where would we land?"
"I had thought of that," responded
Blank, "but I concluded that if the
Southern Pacific Company could afford
to lose an hour of your time at the sal
ary you are getting, Mr. Huntington,
it could stand my wait until you had
finished your nap." •
SINCE the policy of reserving large tracts as na»
tional parks for scenic purposes was adopted by
the Government there has been little or no consid
eration of the economic side of the matter. The parks
are administered by regular soldiers, an officer being
considered as superintendent, and the parks have been
protected against grazing, and to a degree from fire.
There has come to pass now the need of some adjust
ment of the rights of private owners of lands, acquired
long -before the reservations were made, and who are
deprived of all beneficial use of their property, and the
adjustment also ci certain rights founded in public
needs.
The first park reservation made in this State was the
one known as the Yosemite National Park, which saddles
the Sierra, taking in an enormous tract, and in that part
of it lying between the Merced and Tuolumne rivers -in
cluding more .private property than it does public do
main. When this reservation .was made it was delimited
by the map and not by inspection. For, this reason much
territory was included that has no scenic value whatever.
This is especially true of the portion mentioned between
the two rivers, which no one was ever known to visit
for enjoyment of the scenery.
Within the reservation are hydraulic powers, on the
streams, and an enormous water supply present in nat
ural reservoirs, and possible by creating artificial reser
voirs to hold the great fall of storm waters without im
pairing the normal flow of the streams throughout the
year. The Secretary of the Interior is clothed with dis
cretionary power to grant privileges in the Yosemite,
Sequoia and General Grant national parks, in this State,
"for electrical plants, 'poles and lines for the generation
and distribution of electrical power, and for telephone
and telegraph purposes, and for canals, ditches, pipes and
pipe lines, flumes, tunnels or other water conduits, and
for water plants, dams and reservoirs, used to promote
irrigation, or mining or quarrying, or the supplying of
water for domestic, public or any other beneficial uses,"
provided that such permit shall not be incompatible with
the public interest. The Secretary of the Interior is un
derstood to decline, in all cases, to exercise this discre
tion, on the ground that such economic uses will impair
scenery and enhance the cost of administration of the
parks, and on the further ground that the use of such
privileges will be profitable to those who make the
necessary investments.
As far as the matter of cost is concerned the parks
arc patrolled by soldiers of the regular army, and the
cost is only their pay and subsistence, which would be
the same if they were stewed in barracks instead of hav
ing the freedom of the mountains. No doubt Congress
in bestowing the discretion upon the;' Secretary had in
view the fact that these reservations included certain
great economic resources, the use of which is necessary
to the life of the people, as, for instance, electrical power
and potable water, and that permission to use meant
their profitable use to somebody. If a 'pole line or a
water ditch impair natural scenery, its impairment by a
passable road is much greater. Yet roads must be made
to enable people to get in sight of the scenery, which
otherwise will remain like the moonshine or sunshine in
"Mazeppa" — "in lonely luster."
No doubt the Secretary intends to make it plain that
a re-examination of these hastily made reservations is
necessary, in order to reform their lines and conform
them at once to the preservation of natural scenery and
the use of economic resources where there is no scenery
to impair. It is a vital question to so many people in
this State that it is quite necessary that our members of
Congress address themselves to a speedy solution.
THE NATIONAL PARKS. *
Secretary McKowen, the thieving official of the Uni
versity of California, squandered his stolen thousands
upon the harpies of the racetrack. There might be
some satisfaction in the affair if he were the only crop
of crime which the course produces, but the merchants
who have trusted employes in this neighborhood have
yet to expert their books.
Mummies as Fuel.
BY MALCOL.M McDOW'EUU
(Author of "shop Talks on the Wonders of the
Crafts.")
<Copj"ri6ht, 1908, by Joseph B. Bowles.)
Some of the old boys who saw en
gineering service when they were dig
ging the Suez canal are wondering
If the firemen on the Panama cut will
use embalmed fuel. They remember
that in Egypt Tihen they were scoop
ing out the sand to make an island of
Africa coal was a scarce commodity
at times, and the steam raisers had to
fall back upon whatever was burn
able. Some of the irreverant ones
discovered that the mummies of cats
and other animals which were held
sacred by the ancient Egyptians made
a pretty hot fire. That started the
joke ivhich had more truth than hu
mor in it: "Here, Bill," yelled the En
glish engineer to his fireman, "chuck
In i~ king; those plebeians won't get
up enough steam 10 take you to the
top of the gTade." The contractors
nho supplied fuel to the railroad were
none too particular and when cat
mummies were not handy they didn't
scruple to break up human mummies.
Word has come to the engineers
and firemen* who are part of the out
fits of American contractors who
probably will be put to work digging
the Panama canal that the ancient
inhabitants of the isthmus used to
make mummies of their dead, and
some of them declare they will locate
a few dried up Montezumas and feed
them into the firebox.
But the chances are that most of
the steam used on the isthmus cut will
be raised by liquid fuel — crude oil
from the Beaumont field of Texas.
American contractors have a habit of
anticipating things, and some of them
who have already decided that they
will "be in" on the great work have
outlined a pipe line scheme which
contemplates tank steamers to carry
the oil, a pumping plant, storage tanks
and a pipe line extending the entire
length of the works.
Oil for fuel has been pushing its way
forward in spite of all opposition.
Ocean greyhounds are using it; !t is
sprayed into the flre boxes of locomo
tives, and its use for steam purposes
Is rapidly extending. It is figured out
that there is as much fuel value in two
tens of cryie oil as in three tons of
coal at $3 50 a ton. and that weight for
¦weight forty cubic feet of oil is equiva
lent to seventy feet of coal. This last
comparison gives oil an enormous ad
vantage in the matter of storage
aboard steamships and on locomotives.
Thus a steamship which carries in her
bunkers 45CK) tons of coal would only
carry S000 tons of oil, and the oil could
be stored in the double bottom of the
ehip, giving all the coal bunker space
to the cargj.
Crude oil is burned under boilers in
several ways. The ordinary method is
the injection method, the oil being
Fprayed into the combustion chamber
by a jet of steam or compressed air. If
steam Is used, air, to aid combustion,
is introduced at the same time. In an
other process the liquid fuel percolates
upward through a porous bed, accom
panied by heated air, and sometimes by
Btcam. Recently an oil burning device
has been used which spurts the oil un
der a high pressure into the furnace,
and still another vaporizes the oil by
means of a email retort which is heated
in the furnace.
(All ports of extravagant claims are
mad<» by the fuel oil men as to the val
ue of liquid fuel. They have claimed
that one pound of crude oil will evap
orate forty-Fix pounds of water. But
" practical tests by practical men indi
cate that under ordinary everyday
working conditions fuel oil will evap
" orate from fifteen to sixteen pounds of
water to a pound of oil. Under like
conditions a pound of anthracite evap
orates 9.7 pounds of water and a pound
of soft coal 10.14 pounds.
The evaporated duty and calorific
value of fuels are not always true
guides to the man who uses steam.
The list of fuels for industrial pur
poses is a long one. and includes hard
and soft coal, charcoal, wood, coke,
natural gas, fuel gas. crude petroleum,
the residuum from petroleum distilla
tion, itsphaltum. coal tar, resin, bri
quettes — compressed lumps of pow
dered coal mixed with some binding
compound — corncobs, twisted hay,
pine cones, sawdust and refuse in
woodworking plants, fish; garbage,
greasy refuse from packing-houses
and rendering plants, peat, cotton
waste and, in the Bessemer converter,
just plain air.
Switzerland has come forward with
an idea which is American, because it
was originated by Dr. E. J. Constan3
of New York, at present professor of
chemistry in the Federal Polytechni
cuns at Zurich. He proposes to re
form the whole coal trade of Switzer
land by selling coal according to its
heat-producing value instead of by
dead weight- The Swiss Government
has authorized the institution of a fed
eral testing station for fuel, for Switz
erland, producing no coal and having
no navigable- rivers to the seacoast,
must import all her coal by rail. So
Switzerland is going to test all kinds
of fuels and to enlighten the Swiss
public through periodical publications
on the subject.
on, "are about mathematics and num
bers. My mind seems to be oi" a math
ematical turn. At the age of five and
a half years I knew the multiplication
tables from one up to twelve. I learned
the tables up to the sixes on the first
day I attended school, in October, 1S68,
and before November, of the same year,
I knew them all.
"I have a large circle of acquaint
ances In Indianapolis. I know the
names and street addresses of over 500O
persons. Sounds like a good many,
doesn't it? But I know them. And
stowed away in the folds of my brain
I have the telephone calls of £100 peo
ple, on both the old and new phones.
Often, when I am unable to go to sleep
at night I lie in bed and classify these
telephone numbers and addresses until
•I get to sleep. Other people count
sheep for the same purpose, but my tel
ephone calls and street numbers always
bring the desired result for me. I have
never been able to get very far above
2100 of the phone calls, as I always go
to sleep, and so I don't know exactly
how many of the calls I have in my
memory. I could easily commit the
whole of 'both telephone companies*
directories if it were necessary, but I
have never done so."
T'hE robbery of the university by its secretary is
not exactly a clap of thunder from a clear sky.
The thief had been going the pace for some time,
and his doings were so public as to provoke caution
had the affairs of the institution been under strict ob
servation by the Regents. Nothing is easier than lock
ing the stable after the horse is stolen, and "I told you
so" is always said too late. The Regents are all men
of affairs, foremast among the citizens of the State,
but that has not prevented the robbery of an institution
the most worthy and the most needy in the State.
Is it not true that in selecting Regents our Governors
have made the mistake of choosing men whose constant
direct and personal at'tention to the university is im
possible by reason of the greatness and the absorbing
nature of their own affairs?
The president has upon him executive duties requir
ing all of his time. These make necessary his general
contact with our public men and all of our material in
terests. He must be the representative of the university
at public gatherings, and of necessity has to travel much
and appear on great occasions far away to fitly represent
the culture and purpose of the University of California.
The busy Regents, pressed for time in their own mat
ters, though specially charged with committee duties
relating to the finances, are in just the condition to be
misled by an adroit scoundrel, such as. the secretary
seems to have been. Superse.rviceable, ready to relieve
others of work and to oversee and report upon the
things that they should do, he was placed in the exact
position where his champagne thirst would naturally
seek quenching outside of his beer income.-
Now that the exposure has come through his reck
less use of long immunity from any check, the discovery
is made that should long ago have been made by those
whose business it was to make it. The bookkeeping
turns out to be archaic. No proper system of checks
upon the secretary existed. He received and handled
money which, under a proper system, should never
have come into his hands. He was permitted to sow of
the wind and reap of the whirlwind without let or
hindrance.
The Call has often said that on the directing boards
of State institutions there should be an element com
posed of citizens especially skilled and highly interested
in the work of the institution to be managed. Penologists
with business ideas should be among the managers of
prisons; experts in juvenile training and devoted to it
should be in contact with the reform schools, and so on
up to the State University. In its regency should be
men, if possible, of university training and with such
leisure in their own affairs as to have time left to look
into the bookkeeping and watch the income and outgo of
every penny of income. It is true that the Regents have
an auditor, a paid officer, but no good has come of pass
ing to him the responsibility that belonged to them,
for neither he nor they noticed the defective book
keeping, the slipshod ways and the door left open to
dishonesty until inadvertence of the criminal himself
exposed it all.
The theft soon mounted up/to $60,000, and may go
higher. But whatever its amount it may still be a cheap
price to pay for a thorough reformation in the business
methods and safeguards of the university. In effecting
this the fact should not be lost sight of that gentlemen
whose vast affairs require that they be constantly alert
to prevent just such crimes happening in their own
business have no time left to keep watch against them
in the business of the university.
The criminal himself is undeserving of sympathy.
Since he was a boy he had been a beneficiary of the
institution. He had no one dependent upon him; his
official income was ample for his honest needs, and,
above that, was sufficient to have laid for him the foun
dation of fortune. All of this opportunity he threw
away. He was an ingrate to his benefactors and disloyal
to his trust. Now he takes himself for a text and
preaches morality to others. The most useful lesson he
can teach is by suffering the extreme penalty of his of
fense. It is for others to point out the moral taught
by his downfall.
Those who have trusts in keeping for others have
only one safe method to follow, and that is pointed out
by the rules of honor and honesty that are known to all
men, gentle and simple alike. The desire for a life of
pleasure enjoyed by dishonest courses is the maggot that
destroys character and purpose. The end is always sure.
It is disgrace, punishment, sometimes suicide and al
ways despair. No doubt many a man is deterred from
taking the first step by the constant vigilance of those
whose business it is to watch his work, and it is unwise
and grievous that such oversight is so often omitted.
! r A Sailor's Shot.
Occasionally there are published ac
counts of policemen -v pursuing and
shooting at ileelngr criminals, but it Is
•not often lhat there is -a record of
such successful aim as that of John
Coulter, who was a member of the po
lice force in the latter part erf the fif
ties. Coulter was a bluff, old fellow,
who had seen many days on board ship
and understood more about ropes and
sails than he did about target practice,
yet he made a remarkable record while
on the force.
Early Qne morning; while under the
shadow of some trees on the Battery
street side of the Postoffice, he saw
three men breaking into a store at the
corner of Battery and Jackson. As
soon as he had satisfied himself that
a burglary was being committed, he
crept up on the men, revolver in hand,
and called upon them to surrender.
The men did not surrender, but started
off on, a dead run In three different di
rections, oni? going north on Battery
street and the two others running one
up and the other down Jackson street.
Coulter immediately flred,. first at the
one on Battery street, then at the one
up Jackson street and then at the one
running do\vn that street. Each shot
was followed by an exclamation of
pain. Before assistance arrived Coulter
investigated. One went to the Morgue,
the other two to the prison hospital and
Coulter was the police hero of the
time. The dead burglar proved to be
one Morris, a brother of "Tipperary
Bill," who was under the ban of the
Vigilance Committee of '56.
THE UNIVERSITY ROBBED.
of the ideas of Hon. William Randolph Hearst of New
York, who wears the head of the party on his shoulders.
I am but an humble instrument, with no more relation
to 'the cause of what I utter, than a water pipe has to
the creation of the water that flows through it. I am
simply a job of oratorical plumbing, a patchwork of
pipe and soft solder. The affluent spring which supplies
the ineffably lofty and fluid thought which passes
through me is in the other house. Attend now, Senators,
while my oratorical works work on the supply of thought
which gushes in a ceaseless stream from Mr. Hearst."
That would be doing the proper thing, for we insist
that it is wrong to compel Mr. Hearst to call public atten
tion in his own paper to the source of Bailey's speech
in himself. His shrinking modesty approaches the mak
ing of such a revelation with painful diffidence, and it
is wrong in Bailey and others to' compel him to stop
the machinery of his thought factory and bank the fires
while he calls attention to his output.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1903.
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. . . . . . . . . . Address All Communications to JOHN HcNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office ~~.__~.~~.~..~.~.~.~. ...... C^fsslll^b .Third and Market Streets, S.^ F.
FRIDAY • • DECEMBER 18, 1903
8
Inkstands, gold pens, desk pads, lap
tablets, desk sets, desk calendar* and
blotters for Christmas. Sanborn, Vail
ec CO. •
Special information supplied . dally to
business houses anfl public men by th©
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali-
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
The total shipments of wine from the
Island of Madeira amounted to 839 000
gallons last year, valued at $835,900.
Large quantities were shipped to Eng-
land. Germany, Russia and the United
States.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles. EOc a pound. In artistic flrc-
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 713 Market St.. above Call bldg. •
It is time to express Townsend's Glace-
Fruits East for Christmas now. •Christmas cards and calendars. Good
things for everybody. Sanborn, Vail &
Co. *
ATHENS, ' Greece, Dec. 17.— M.
Theotokis, former Premier, has en
gaged to undertake the task of form
ing a new Cabinet and will present a
list of Ministers to King George to
morrow. He says that he. will be
obliged to propose considerable re
trenchments to the Chamber of Depu
ties.'
Will Select- Xew Cabinet.
Give Her a Kodak.
We carry a complete stock of them.
Every Instrument guaranteed. Kirk,
Geary & Co., 112 Geary street. •
FONTANA, Kans., Dec. 17. — Ora
Ross, a young farmer, was shot and
killed at his home south of here
during the night by a masked man.
who escaped. The murderer entered
the room where Boss and his wife
were sleeping and without warning
shot Ross six times. Then, threaten
ing Mrs. Ross with death if she gave
an alarm, he left. The murder was
evidently prompted by -jealousy. No
valuables or money were taken. Mr.
and Mrs. Ross were recently married.
Kansas Farmer Murdered.
Our fnjmo department is showing a
new line of frames in gilt, oak and art
nouveau finishes. Good for Christmas.
Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market st. •
The semi-annual graduating exercises
of the California Business College were
held at the Alhambra Theater last
night. An interesting programme was
rendered and the seventy-seven grad
uates were given their diplomas by
Harr Wagner. Following is a list of
graduates:
Edna W. M. Anderson. Albert Baiz. Eulalle
L. Bauchou, Amy A. Bollinger, Walter G. Bro
beck. Robert L. Burtle. Clara Grace Duttke,
Dalny Daniels, Louise Sophia Flemer, Emma
Klover Ruby Isabelle Garrctt, Andrew *.
Hahn Bert Haufe, Henrietta Hawke, George
W Heine George William Hippely. Myra Belle
Hurd, Louise A. H. Johnson, Katherine F.
Johnston, Charles J. Lamp, Joseph G. Lazarus,
Lawrence S. Llndsey. Walter Zeiss. Edward B.
Bauchou, A. P. Carter. Claude D. Dickey, Hen
ry Edward Fuchs, Julia Mariella Howard. Jo
seph Malfontl Jr.. Joseph Wtrtner, Maybelle
C. Baston, Floy Overbeck Brlghtwell, Annie
Louine Davies, Adelaide Donlan, Arnold Henry
Brickwedel. Arthur Canarie, W. A. Crandall,
Carl Llndstrom. Arthur Carl Locke, Marie
Antoinette Mayrhofer, Jennie F. McKenzie.
Mabel Louise Mead. Alma Meyer, Roy .Brazel
Miller, Leland Stanford Morgan, Jennie Thom
aelua Moyer, Myrtle II. Nordlund, Genevleve
Page, Peter Christian Peterson, Gertrude M. A.
Rimllnper. Maud C. Rise, Juliana Marie Sam
uclson. Mathilda J. Schulken, Annetta F. Seels,
Lena F.llen Solaii. Albert Steiper, Lulu A. Stod
dard, Carl Joseph Wacker. Willie Bernhard
Wahlin, Max R. Zumwalt, Marshall E. Miller,
Gertrude McCloskcy. James Raggia, Fred Tol
bert. John van den Berg, Arthur Walbel, Hattie
A. Wulzen, Clara Pankou, Mae Evelyn Rutley,
MamU E. Sebrlng, Thalsa Elizabeth HlckB, Al
bert JameH Porter, Frederick William Clausen,
Harry D. Friman, Henry E. Springer, Kelsay
A. WlliiaiUB.
The following programme was ren
dered:
March of the Guards (Gelbel), Press Club
Quartet— First tonor, A. D. McMillan; first
bass, Geonre B. King; second tenor. R. II.
Hunt: Kccnd rsps, R. D. Keene, Rapid cal
culation contest, members of graduating class;
violin solos — (a) "Romances Sans Paroles,"
(b) "Rondo Elegant" (Wienlawaski). Bernhard
Walther, touch typewriting contests — (a)
Copying test, (b) dictation from graphophone,
members of graduating class; solo, "A Drrtim"
(Bartlet), Joe Rocborough; prize content In
rapid calculation, Mrs. Veronica Maushardt
and Sam Stern, a $5 prize to the winner; pen
mannhlp contest — (a) movement drllla to music,
(b) business writing: recitation. "The Uncle,"
J. Morrla Foster of Caldweli College of Ora
tory and Actlnsr; practical office work — (a)
carbon copying, (b) card index, CO letter press
Seventy-Seven Pupils Complete Course
nt California College.
BUSINESS SCHOOL GRADUATES.
The Supervisors' Street Committee
yesterday administered a snub to the
Board of Public Works by placing on
file a letter received from the last
named body requesting that the. Board
of Supervisors pass a resolution au
thorizing the construction of basalt
block runways by John Garber on San
some street, between Vallejo and Green.
The committee decided that the Board
of Supervisors has no Jurisdiction in
the matter, and it lies with the Board
of Works alone to take action. The
committee had in mind the fact that
an ordinance was passed by the Board
of Supervisors granting permission to
St. Mary's Help Hospital for a spur
track on Filbert street, but the or
dinance has been persistently ignored
by the Board of Public Works, which
has thus far refused to grant the per
mit.
The committee reported in favor of
granting permission to the Associated
Oil Company to construct an eight-inch
pipe line along certain streets for the
transportation of fuel oil from its
pumping plant on Berry street to the
oil storage tanks of the San Francisco
Gas Company, at Townsend and Third
streets.
The petition of the Western Pacific
Company for a franchise along Six
teenth and other streets was laid over
for one week at the request of the com
pany's attorney.
Similar action was taken with the
petition of the San Francisco Labor
Council that when a franchise is grant
ed to any railroad company that a con
dition be imposed that no Asiatics shall
be employed In the construction of thj
road.
The i>etitions of the'Wilmerding and
Lick District Improvement Club that
Kansas street, between Eighteenth and
Mariposa, be ordered closed as a matter
of public benefit; of Hiram Cook, call-
Ing attention to the fact that no work
has been done on the extension of
Nineteenth avenue, although an appro
priation has been made therefor, and- of
Flinn & Treacy for permission to blast
on the property In the block bounded
by Uranus, Ashbury and Seventeenth
streets were all referred to the Board
of Public Works for investigation and
report. Similar action was taken with
the petition that the name of Central
avenue be changed to Presidio avenue.
The committee reported in favor of
accepting the land from Charles Pat
ton for the extension of East Park
street to Andover avenue, -
A sickly saint is likely to be a healthy
hypocrite.
The mandolin musicale given by
Samuel Adelstein and his class at
Steinway Hall last night was quite an
event in musical circlesi Long before
the recital commenced the hall was
filled and people were turned away in
large numbers. The programme ren
dered was an excellent one, being
varied and containing some operatic
selections.
The musicale was given under the
direction of Samuel Adelstein. Miss
Mollie Pratt was the accompanist and
her playing created favorable comment.
H. Warner Sherwood, boy soprano,
sang two songs and Edward M. Thorn
ton, the well-known tenor, rendered
several pleasing selections. Following
was the programme:
(a) "Ideal "Walts" (Edouard Mazzacapo). (b)
".Serenade" (Schubert-Mezzacapo). Mandolin
Orchestra: mandolins — Miss Anita Ferguson,
Miss Emma Noonan. Mis« Florence Kentfleld,
Miss Florence Marvin, Miss Florence Mag
nin. Miss Alice Swanson, Olen Cowgill; Ital
ian lutes — Mrs. II. H. Sherwood, Miss Elvira
W. Hobbs; piano — Miss MoUle. Pratt; director
— Samuel Adelstein. Sonss (a) "For This"
(De Koven). (b) "When Dorcas Passes By"
(Bartlett). Edward M. Thornton. "Quartetto
a Penna," Tre Tempi Original! (Nicole i M.
Calace). Lago Affetuoso. Canzonetta, Scherzo
(first time In America). Adelstein Plectrum
Quartet; mandolins — Miss Florence Magnin,
Samuel AdeUteln; lutes— Mrs. H. H. Sher
wood. Mips Elvira W. Hobbs. Song. "Pensee
d'Au'temno" (Massenet), MU« Elena Hoeckel.
"Sul Lido," serenata. (Guiseppe Bellcnghl),
trio for three Italian lutes — Mrs. H. H. Sher
wood. Miss Elvira \V. Hobbs. Samuel Adel
8teln. "Rlgoletto," fantasle (Verdl-Janvler
Pletrapertoea. Mandolin Orchestra. Songs,
(a) "Dance of the Dragon Files" (Guy d'Hard
olet) (b) "An Open Secret" (Huntlngton
"Woodman). H. Warner Sherwood, (a) "Canto
de Amor," melodla Espagnole (Almagro-Bal-
Bilmellt) "Napoli," Tarantella (E. Mezzacapo),
Mandolin Orchestra. Songs, (a) "At Parting"
(Rogers) (b) "The Double Loss" (Meyer-Hel
mund) Edward M. Thornton, (a) "Berceuse.."
from "Jocelyn" (Godard), (b) "Pomponette"
(Durand). (written especially for the quartet
by S!g Carlo Munier of Florence, Italy),
Adelstein Plectrum Quartet. Songs, (a) ''81
Mes Ver« Avalent des Alles" (Hahn), (b)
"Love I» a Bubble" (Allltsen). Miss Elena
Roeckel "William Tell," fantasie- (Rossinl-
Pietrapertosa), Mandolin Orchestra.
Samuel Adclstein's Pupils Render
Many Pleasing Selections at
Steinway Hall.
MAXDOLIX' MUSICALE IS
ENJOYED BY IiARGE CROWD
n. D. Hunter, as owner of the
schooner Letitia, filed a libel yesterday
in the United States District Court
acair.st F. N. Myers and J. U. Has
tings to recover 51S00 freight charges
alleged to have been earned by the
schooner on July 6, 1900. Interest
on the amount from date is also asked
for.
Lib* 1 for Freight.
Xmas trees; silver firs, spruce, cedar,
redwood, at McClaln's, Market.nr.Larkin.*
copying, (d) transcribing from notes, (e) neo
style and mimeograph duplication, members of
office experience department; violin solo, "Love
Song" (Saton Bazzlnl), Bernhard Walther;
envelope addressing contest; Some Fun, Rolln
C. Ayres; address and presentation of diplo
mas, Harr Wagner; "In Old Madrid." Press
Club Quartet. .
The Mission Grammar School held
commencement exercises yesterday. A
Christmas tree, brilliantly lighted, held
the diplomas and boxes of candy. Mr,s.
Kate H. Crowley, principal of the
school, acted as Santa Claus and pre
sented the diplomas and candy to the
graduates of Miss Hillman's class. The
medal pupils were Augusta Herzog.
Aileen Madden, Jacob Stutraft and
Richard Scollin.
Honorary — Augusta Herxo^. Alleen Madden,
Grace McGinn, Mary Klnnaird, Jacob Stulsaft,
Richard Scollinn, Otis Collln, Leila Trewlck,
Beulah Joseph. Regularly promoted — Elmer
Hader. Henry Segelken, Adrien-ne Ford, Harry
Rice, Edith Knackstedt. Fred Kostering, Clare
Greenberg, Harry Rathbun, Gussie May, Pearl
Stolz, Clara Therein. Elmer Harris, Gertrude
Roxburgh. Grace Lynch, Ella Siemers, Bert
Dickinson. Florence Carr and Bertie Murray.
James Lick Grammar School graduates: Mil
ton Axelrod, John T. Boyer. Nellie Beveridge,
Ra'ph Duffte. Anna D. Dazey, Arthur Folsom,
Henry Glaser, J. Dunbar Keith, Anita King,
Jerry Lordnn, Charlotte Linden, Edith Lang
lors, Ethel Langlors. Jeanette Murphy, Charles
Pearson, Constance Russell, Fred Schaffner. R.
Gordon Sprowl. Edyth Sawyer, Hilda Welke,
Jesse Krunbrook.
Following was the programme of, the
exercises:
Song. "Star-Spangled Banner" the class;
violin solo (selected). John Boyer; recitation,
Dunbar Keith. Farce in one act, "Frank
Glynn's Wife" : Frank Glynn. John Boyer;
Alice Glynn. Edythe Sawyer; Stella (Frank's
elster). Helen Beveridge; Gertie (Alice's cou
sin). Jeannette Murphy; Mrs. Glynn (Frank's
mother), Constance Russell; Norah ' (servant
girl). Anita King; Ed Ashbury (Frank's col
lege chum). Dunbar Keith. Soprano solo (se
lected). Anita King; recitation, Jeannette
Murphy; piano solo (selected). Frederick
Schaffner; soprano solo (selected), Edythe
Sawyer; recitation. Gordon Sproul; remarks.
AV. W. Stone, principal; song. "America," the
class.
MISSION GRAMMAR SCHOOL.
. Honorary— Lydla Maier. Verlle Finch. Jen
nie Hoy, Pearl Tuttle, Robert Barth. Regu
larly promoted — Louise Lawrence. Belle Hchon
wasFer. Silvia Brenner, Carmellta Woerner,
Relne Hlum. Julian WelHsbeln. Lucille Mc-
Cracken, Erna Steindorfr, Etta Steinberg,
lima. Pollhammer. Miriam Hamburger, Carl
Eddy, Etta Stamper, Marjorie Gregg. Irnw
Harris, Claudia Seidl, Wilhelmlne Joosten.
Ethel Gallagher, Ralph Harris, Gertrude Mil
ler. Edward Stock. Albert Gompertz, Alice
Nevraumont, Emll Richter, Mabel McXaugh
ton. Cecil Allen. Gertrude Glbbs, Alma Miller,
Fred Whelan. Helen Cochrane, Joseph Levy,
Dorothy Rayner.
Piano luet. "Trovatore." Pearl Tuttle and
Luclle McCracken; recitation, "The Ladder of
St. Augustine," Verlie Finch: class song, "The
Lost Chord"; recitation, "Hedgehog." Mabel
McN'aughion; German recitation. "Hoffnung,"
Wilhelmlne Joosten; piano solo. "Tarantella,"
Erna Steindorff; recitation, "A Stray Child,"
Silvia Brenner; song, "Still as the Night." Miss
Blanche Leavy; recitation, "One-legged Goose,"
Jennie Hoy; recitation. "Drake's Address to
the American Flag," Emll Richter; piano solo,
"Valse." Pearl Tuttle; recitation, "Hetty Mc-
Ewen." Miriam Hamburger; reading, "A Dip
Into the Future." Etta Steinberg; song. "Swing
Song." class; recitation. "The Clown's Baby,"
Louise Lawrence; French recitation. "Le Solell
Riche," A. Nevraumont: piano solo, "La Son
nambula." Lucile McCracken; distribution of
diplomas; valedictory, Lydia Maier; Bong,
"America," class.
ADAMS GKAM3IAR SCHOOL.
'•Star-Spanpled Banner^" class; pledge and
saluting the flag, class: • ;ilut:ttory, Mies Joy
Waltz; song, "Flow Gently, Sweet Afton,"
class; recitation, "A Welsh Classic," Miss Cecil
Levy: Kong, "Vesper Bells"; sopranos. Misses
Kelli'gg, Maurerv Warwick, Cohn; altos. Misses
Waltz, Ringo, Johnston: debate, afHmutive.
Miss Ruth KelloKfr. negative, Julian Cohen;
MOS, "Merry Farmer Hoy," class; recitation,
••Recessional," class; song, "Lullaby," Miss
Grac« Maurer; recitation, "The Council of
Hooks," Miss M. Noe; song, "Join In Pleas
ure"; sopranos. Misses Kellogg, Green, Sheuer
man, Conn; altos. Misses Johnson,' Ringo, Noe;
bass. Masters Ochs, heszynxky; recitation,
"What Constitutes a State," class; piano solo.
Miss Carrie Sheuerman; song-. "Absent," class;
address. principal: valedictory, Mlsa Ella
Fletcher; presentation of medals and diplomas,
Superintendent Langdon; "America," class and
audience.
Jlonorarles — Ella Fletcher, Joy Waltz, Carrie
Seheuermau, Washington D. MacKillop. Lou
Khine, Gladys Smith, Ina Warwick, lluth N\
Ivellogg, Mary Noe, Wallace Vanderbilt. Maude
Thompson. Clotilde Polastrl. Cecil Levy. Kejju
larly promoted — Julian Cohen. Esther Conn,
Harraen Countryman. Mabel Deutech, Robert
l>rolla. Melville Ersklne. Henrlke Fre^?, Har
old Gabriel, Eva Ooman, Louise Green, Harold
Greenlxrv, Katherlne Hanley, Laura Jiayne,
Carrie Helller, Myron Hoffman, Frances John
son, Veronica Kopanklewtcz, Marc Leszynsky,
Gordon Lewis, Grace Maurer, Cornelia Mc-
Gllllvray, Jeannette McPhun, Dora Michael,
Jean M usher. KthH Nolan. Albert Ochs. Paul
l'ommor. Rose Kehfeld, Mary Ringo, Bertha
Sandersfeld. Adolph Schmidt. Mary Sellon,
Nellie Smith. Mildred Steven*. Helen Friend.
A large number of bright pupils of
the various grammar schools through
out the city received diplomas yester
day afternoon from the principals of
the schools and these pupils '.an? now
entitled to enter upon high school
courses. Graduating exercises *were
held at some of the schools. Following
is a list of the graduates and some of
the programmes rendered:
HAMILTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL.
A. K. Kelloggr. principal; E. J. Morton,
teacher.
The sums expended during November
were for repairs to basalt and cobble
streets, 52729 17: cleaning and repair-
Ing sewers, $5260 73; cleaning streets,
J12.743 sr..
The board decided yesterday to bar
ricade wooden sidewalks where the
owners have been directed to put down
new concrete walks. They are on the
south side of Twenty-second street,
¦between San Jose avenue anil Guerrero
street; southeast corner of Twenty
second and Mission streets and on the
south side of Eighteenth street, be
tween Dolores and Guerrero streets.
The proceedings are preliminary to
actions against property owners who
refuse to repair their sidewalks to com
pel compliance with an ordinance in
view of the recent verdict against the
board for $5000 damages recovered by
a woman who was injured on Buchan
an street.
Tho report of A. J. Donovan, chief
of the bureau of streets, on the opera
tions of the department durir*^ Novem
ber was filed yesterday with :he Board
of Public Works. The report says that
Fjvrial attention will In future be given
to the repair of bituminous streets in
the downtown district and a crew of
men will be kept there until all the
roadways are thoroughly repaired. The
report continues:
As to the repair of Market street,
work has not been instituted owing to
the problem of how and to what ex
tent repairs shall be made. These mat
ters are under consideration by the
board, and pending their conclusion
work will not be undertaken.
Some of the streets will require Sun
day work, as traffic during the week
is eo continuous that It is impossible
to proceed with the work. Folsom
street has received a thorough over
hauling between Third an-1 Eighth
streets and Is now in good condition
for the winter save for a few small
patches of old material that will break
after a heavy rain.
During the month far better work
was done by all street sweeping and
cleaning contractors than for the month
previous. Owing to the great amount
of building sand dropped upon the
streets by the wagons of grading con
tractors sprinkling was ordered on
Market street and south of Market
street. In sprinkling districts 1 and 2
the appropriation for sprinkling will
likely be entirely inadequate for the
remainder of the fiscal year.
The class of '03 of the State Normal
School held its graduating exercisea
yesterday afternoon at ,the school on
Powell street between Sacramento and
Clay streets. The student body gave
an entertainment to the ! outgoing
class.
The rooms of the school were dec
orated in an artistic manner. The
class colors, green and pink, were
draped in pretty profusion, intermin
gled with which were myriads of
American flags and Japanese lanterns,
the colors blending perfectly and giv
ing the place a picturesque appear
ance. There were eight young iadles
in the outgoing class who irtre given
their diplomas.
It is safe to say that a more comely
aggregation of young ladles never
graduated from the Normal School.
The hall was crowded with the friends
and parents of the young ladies and
the student body of the school.
An excellent programme, in which
were several original farces by the
pupils, was rendered, and the after
noon was passed off in a merry man
ner. The farces were exceedingly
good and provoked much merriment
inasmuch as they dealt with charac
ters and scenes in and around the
school.
Miss Susan Towt, president of the
graduating class, had charge of the
programme, which was as follows:
Farce, "Reunion of Eight Old Maids
of the Class of '04"; solo. Miss Lynch;
farce, "The Successful Schoolmarm" ;
Japanese love song, school sextette;
farce, "A Conversation in the Girls'
Room"; class prophecy, Miss F. Mo
foso; chorus by the class; stein song,
Miss Donohue; senior song.
Those who received their diplomas
were: Misses Susan Towt, Salinas; Flor
ence Du Bois, city; Ethel Bumbaugh,
Santa Rosa; Emma Banks, city; An
nie Gaffney, city; Kate Applegarth.
city; Susan Wilson, Oakland; Leda
Biehl, Berkeley.
The class and alumni will meet at
an annual dinner in the school rooms
on the evening of January 2, 1904.
WORKS BOARD
GETS A SNUB
Parry admitted that the commission
might decide to delegate a machinist
to attend to the duties of timekeeper
in addition to his own duties. Parry
said it would be to the interest of the
department to do so as there was not
enough work for the timekeeper to
keep a man at it steadily. Asked if
it was not intended to appoint Glee
son and whether Gleeson in fact was
not already filling the position Parry
replied:
"Well, I saw Gleeson around here
(the Fire Commission's office) to-day,"
but no further information was vouch
safed by Parry.
The place to which Boland was cer
tified became vacant by the promotion
of Philip S. O'Biien to be a Deputy
Tax Collector to succeed Hiram Gold
stein, deceased. O'Brien stood second
on the list of ordinary clerks and was
appointed as such. Requisition was
Immediately made by the Fire Com
mission for a clerk from the .same list
and Boland's name was certified.
Secretary McCarthy said that he
made the requisition on the order of
the commission, but Commissioner
Parry says that there was s.ime mis
take and the requisition should never
have gone in.
At the last meeting of tho commis
sion no action was taken and the mat
ter was placed in the hands ot Parry
ostensibly to make a report on the dif
ference between an "experienced" clerk
and an "ordinary" clerk. The ieal rea
son for postponement, howevtr, is that
Parry is to make arrangements where
by the requisition on the ordinary
clerks' list may be withdrawn and an
other requisition made on the "ma
chinists' " list. Parry is favorable to
Gleeson, who !s first on the list, and
will sacrifice Boland in order to make
a place for his favorite.
When Parry was seen regarding the
change of heart on the part of the
commission he was somewhat evasive
in his replies regarding what the com
mission intended to do in the matter.
Parry said that the requisition for an
ordinary clerk was not authorized by
the commission and It should never
have been sent.
The Board of Fire Commissioners,
through one of its members, John S.
Parry, is at present engaged in juggling
with civil service and incidentally is
doing a little politics in the matter of
the appointment of a timekeeper and
assistant in the Fire Department cor
poration yard.
Complaint was filed Wednesday with
the Civil Service Commission by Ed
ward M. Boland, an eligible on the or
dinary clerk's list, who was certified
last Friday for appointment on the
requisition of the Fire Commission,
that the commission had so far refused
to honor the requisition. Boland said
it looked as though there was a little
scheme on foot to keep him out of the
position and appoint in his stead Wil
liam Gleeson, who stands first on the
eligible list of machinists. Bcland was
informed that the commission had cer
tified his name for the place and that
it knew of no other contemulated ac
tion on the part of the Fire Commis
sion.
Student Body Tenders Enter
tainment to Sheepskin Bear
ers Under a Canopy o*f Colors
Proceedings to Be Instituted to
Coin pel Property Owners to
Comply With Existing Law
Edward Boland Who Was Certi
fied for Place Thinks He Will
Be Sacrificed for W. Gleeson
Musical and Literary Pro
grammes Arc ! Excellently
Rendered by Many Scholars
FINISH COURSE OF STIJDY
ELIGIBLE CLERK CO3IPLAINS
TO BARHICADE SIDEWALKS
GOOD PROGRAMME GIVEN
Board of Fire Commissioners
Does a Little Politics in
Appointment of Time Keeper
Principals of Several of the
City's Schools Hand Well-
Earned Diplomas to Children
Bituminous Pavements in the
Downtown Districts to Have
Works Board's Attention
Eight Embryo "Schoolmarms"
of Class of '03 Graduate
From State Normal School
STREETS WILL
BE REPAIRED
JUGGLES WITH
CIVIL SERVICE
BRIGHT PUPILS
ARE REWARDED
YOUNG LADIES
GET DIPLOMAS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', FRIDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1903.
RIVERHEAD, R. I.. Dec. 17.— Tuthlll
Reeve, the demented farmer who yesterday
shot and killed a deputy sheriff while the lat
ter wu -trylnsr to serve an execution for debt
at his home near here, surrendered to-day after
an all-night siege.
The petition of the creditors of the
estate of John Wolf, the liquor man,
for a revocation of the order admitting
his will to probate was given a par
tial hearing in the Probate Court yes
terday and the case was continued un
til next Tuesday. -The evidence taken
yesterday tended to show that Wolf's
alleged death was not fully established.
Wolf disappeared in 1898. At that
time he was executor of the estate of
Sarah M. Flerson, and when he left he
took part of the estate with him. Some
months ago Mary Wolf, his wife, of
fered for probate a will made by him
and it was admitted, after she had
shown that a deputy coroner at Seattle
had identified the remains of a man
who had drowned himself in the waters
of the Sound as those of Wolf. Some
weeks later David B. Paktor and Ed
ward Aigeltinger, Wolf's bondsmen,
who were sued by the creditors of the
Pierson estate, filed a petition to re
voke the order admitting the Wolf will
to probate, claiming they had
proof that Wolf had been seen In va
rious parts of the country long after
the discovery of his supposed remains
in the Sound country.
This proof was offered yesterday in
the testimony' of J. M. Downing, J. A.
Wessels and Felix Cohn. Downing,
who was once employed by Wolf as
a drayman, testified that he spent sev
eral days with the liquor man in Alaska
in 1901. Wessels said he also saw him
In Nome, and Cohn testified that but
a short time ago he saw him in Chi
cago. All the witnesses knew Wolf
Intimately during his residence here
and were unshaken by the cross-ex
amination that followed the giving of
their direct testimony.
Evidence Is Given in Action
to Set Aside the Probate
of the Missing Man's Will
REFUTE SUICIDE STORY
Downing", Colin and Wessels
Testify That They Saw Liquor
Man in Nome and Chicago
WOLF IS ALIVE
SAY WITNESSES
9
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOUSSS.
Corner Maaoq and Eddy Streets.
GRAND OPENING,
WEDNESDAY EVEUTING, December 33.
SPECIAL MATINEE CHRISTMAS DAY.
Magnificent Production of the Holiday Spec-
tacle,
IX1ON
Or "THE WHEELMAN."
A Mythological Musical Extravaganza In
. Three Acts. .
Sea Bothwell Browne's Beautiful Ballets
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.. 25c 50c and 73c
Proscenium and Mezzanine Box Seata $1 00
Seats now on sale »t the Old Tlvoli.
Racinglsllli«|^Rac'iiijr!
EVERT WEEK DAT. RAIN OR SHINE.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKET CLUB.-
-INGLESIDE TRACK
Commencing MONDAY. December 14. .
Six or More Races Daily.
s Races start at 2 p. m. sharp.
Beached by streetcar from any part of tha city.
Train leaves Third and Townsend streets at
1:15 p. m. and leaves the track Immediately
after the last race. No smoking In last two
cars, which: are reserved for ladles and their.
' SCOr "'THOMAS H. -WILLIAMS, President.
PERCT W. TREAT. Secretary. . ...___. s .
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
DO NOT WEAR A LONG FACE.
It Is a Great Handicap in AH Busi-
ness and Social Relations.
The man who looks as if he had lost
his last friend is in no danger of being ¦
crushed by the jam of new ones un-
less he "cheers up." People are not
g-oing out of their way nowadays to
associate with the man of mournful and
melancholy appearance. They are
afraid he will tell them his troubles
and they steer clear of him, as they all
have plenty of their own.
The most universal cause of the for-
lorn and hopeless appearance to-day is
dyepepsia. It unfits a man for every
duty of life and causes him to become
despondent and grloomy and necessarily
his looks drr not belie his feeling*. He
appears ca«t down and dejected and
becomes a burden to himself and hu-
manky in general.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are the
dyspeptic's rertain relief. They do the
work that his stomach is unable to
do and by relieving that organ of its
burdens permit it to regain its health
end strength and again become active
and useful in its functions. They con-
tain all the essential ingredients that
enter into the digestive fluids and se-
e cretions of the stomach and they act-
ually take up the work and do it Just
as a healthy, pound stomach would.
By this means a man can go right
ahead with his work and eat enough
to keep him in proper working condi-
tion. His Fvstem is not deprived of
Its necessary nourishment as it is in
the rase of the "Ftarvatic-n cure" or
the employment of some of the first
class chicken foods now on the market.
Ftarvation, even if it wore a good thing,
could rot be continued long enough to
effect a euro: for a disc-rdered and
worn out stomach Is not going to be-
come Btrore and healthy in two ot
three dav*.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets act nat-
urally because they contain natural di-
gestive?. The principal component
parts are aseptic pepsin, malt diastase
and other ingredients with like proper-
tics that do the work regardless of the
condition of the ptomach. There is no
unnatural or violent disturbance of the
digestive organs as the result of their
action. Tn fact, the existence of the
Ftomach is entirely forgotten as soon
as they have had time to begin their
operations. They also possess very
curative and healing properties and as-
siFt the stomach in getting well, while
relieving it of its work. They perform
the duties of both nurse and physician.
Stuart's Dyspepsia TaWets are for
sale by all druggists at 50 cents a box
and there is very little danger of any
druggist trying to sell you something
rise in Its place that is "Just as good."
They are so well established and have
done bo much goc-d in the world that
their name has become a household
word: so the usual warning, "Accept
no substitute." is unnecessary in the
case of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. I
AMUSEMENTS.
ALLURING "VAUDEVILLE!
Henri Humberty; The Tobins; Joan
1 1 adens "Cycle or Love"; Pauline
Hall; Francesca Redding and Com-
pany; Hines and Remlnston; "Bon-
ncr"; The Brittons and Orpheum
Motion Pictures.
Commencing' Next Sunday Matinee, the
Great Orpheum Road Show.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs. 50c.
I^AIilFORNTAl
If I GO 'WHERE THET'LL \W^\
W I MAKE YOU LAUGH. I* U
Joseph Hart ' -r
Carrie De Mar =—
In W. A. Brady's Musical Conjedy Hit,
FOXY
GRANDPA
ALL NEXT WEEK.
13 &€#% PI M HOUSE
LAST MATINEE TO-MORROW.
TO-NIGHT— SCOTCH NIGHT
LAST TWO NIGHTS
J. H. STODDART
AND
REUBEN F^AX
In IAN MacLAREN'3 COMEDY SUCCESS,
T H ? BONNiE BRIER BUSH
Week beginning next Sunday matinee. Dene-
fits for Widows' and Orphans' Fund of the San
Francisco Fire Department— MAY STOCKTON
In A LITTLE OUTCAST, and Life Saving
drama acted tjy members of Fire Department.
. '
"What makes you look so, happy?"
Asked the man, morose and blue;
* "That's easy," said his grinning friend,
"I've Just «een .. r
1 "I-G-U"
"Go Thou and Do Likewise." and See a Splen-
did Production <*' a Great Musical Comedy. '
Our "All Star" Cast, Including Kolb and
Dill, Winfleld Blake. Maude Amber. Georgia
O'Raraey, Ben T. Dillon. Althea Twin Sisters,
Allen Curtle (his first appearance.)
Our Grand Chorus of Fifty Beautiful Voices.
Magnificent Costumes and Novel Stage Effects.
Reserved Seats — 75c. 60c and 23c.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday, 25c and 50c.
SPECIAL MATINEE CHRISTMAS DAY.
Palarp don*t r ail to
taiaWV, Bee . the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
aUU PARLOR, the
r j PALM ROOM, the
Iff/1 fifl LOUIS XV PAR-
ui aim LOR^ and the LA .
U i^ii DIES * WRITING
I Hotels j room.
WEEKLY CALL, §1.00 PER YEAB,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f'Real Easy Nil
Save lots of ll
Everything that's
Beautiful
Chlnaware, Crockery
Glassware
Fancy Holiday
Ornaments and Novelties
Dolls, Lamps, Clocks
Rich Cut Glass
Dinner Sets
Come before Parting with
your Money
rOet our prices €?
Great American Importing JM
Tea Co. *^«
100 Stores I
That's the Reason. J?
8C1 Market. 1419 Polk. 1S19 Devisadero.
210 Grant av. 705 Larkln. 3006 Sixteenth.
140 Sixth. 475 Halght. 521 Montg'y nv.
355 Hayes. 2516 Mission. 32S5 Mission.
140 Ninth. r.2 Market. 366 Third.
2008 Flllmor*. 2733 24th. 460 Fourth.
JV\etrU.&t St. ||
j filsa wonderland of toys, full of I
j rj novelties entertaining to young I
j H and old. Our complete depart- I
HI ments otter unlimited sugges- I
II tions for holiday gifts. "We I |
H supply anything for your home I
B or yourself, and our prices are j
¦ remarkably reasonable. 1 1
! B Special Cfcrlrtmaa Boxes of~K
| H Groceries, containing: fresh »ta- H
| Eg pies and delicious delicacies, [j
B packed In plain cases ready for Eg
H immediate delivery. $2.50 to Eg
H $10.00. Try our fine Teas and tl
V Coffees; they cannot lie sur- H
W passed. t|
*"- MISCELLANTOTJS.
j The gift hunters who choose a piece
I of our famous upholstered furniture for
I their Christmas offering choose wisely
J and well. Such furniture is an everlast>
j ing remembrance.
I We are Manufacturers. We are Retailers,
|d une oaie — vine rront.
I ' All the downtown stores import their
1 parlor furniture from the East, pay a big
I profit to the Eastern manufacturer and
I pay a heavy freight.
I That's why they have to ask double
I the price we do.
If This adjustable Couch-Divan is one of the latest productions of
a our factory. The frame is made of either oak or birch mahogany,
If piano polish. The upholstering is done in 6 rows of tufting — you
B choose the covering from a hundred different patterns of velour, vel-
H vets, tapestries, pantasote or leather.
H The picture above shows the couch— the picture below shows
H the couch adjusted as a divan. Our factory price, ,
I &33' SO
IVwpkr ADJUSTED AS A DIVAJT. \J
n Corner 16th and Mission Streets
AMUSEMENTS.
¦ftftl IIMQE A SA * RMstsco'i
v U eU %9 b¥2 £3 £ H i&cw mm
THIS WEEK AND NEXT WEEK.
NIGHTLY. EXCEPT SUNDAY.
MATINEE SATURDAY. . , |
F. C. WHITNEY PRESENTS
The Queen of Singing Comediennaa, J
LULU
GLASER
In Stange and Edwards 1 Dainty Comic Opera,
DOLLY VARDEN.
SPECIAL MATINEE CSBXST3CA8.
COMING— "The Girl Wlta the Greea Eye*.*
ALCAZARrf^
General Manager,
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AND SUN.
THE PLAY THAT THRILLS.
Belaaco & Fyle'a Military Post Drama.
THE GIRL I LEFT
BEHIND ME.
Fine Acting; Bplendid Stage Picttaws. }. ..
Evgs., 23c to 73c; Mata. Sat. & Sun.. 15c to 80a,
Next Monday— Bis Holiday Production ot
BLUE JEANS
Th« brass band. The pet bull. Tb« barb**
cue. The Santa Claus scene. Tha thrilling
buazsaw sensation. Order seata.
CENTRALS
Market St. Near Eighth. Phone South 653
TO-NIOHT— ALL THIS wyrinr ,|
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SrjNDAT. ,
The Greatest of All Border Dramas. , ) ¦" ¦
THE SCOUT'S
REVENGE
Thrilling Incidents! Powerful Climaxes ! Max*
niflcent Scenery! Splendid Com«dy!
Superb Cast!
DDfrCC Evenings 10c to 50a
rttlLCJ Matln««a 10c. 13c, 23a
Christmas Wetk. .December 21, -:x .'
"ALPHONSE AND OASTON."
ESMEBALDA
And a Great Show Every Afternoon and
Evening- ta the Thoroughly
Seated Theater;
TINY TOTS IN THE INFANT INCUBATOHS.
HAMAPBTAS PT THE ZOO I
LOTS OF FTN IN THE PENNY ARCADE.
Sfroll Through the MIRROR MAZE,
fee ANITA and Her BABY MONKEY.
Admission, 10c. Children. 8c.
When Phoning Ask for 'The Chutes."
fw FAVORITE
FOR WEAK WOMEW.
1A/. X. HESS,
Votary Public and Attoraey-at-iaw.
T«nth Floor. Room 1015, Claus SpreckeU bldg.
- Telephone Main 9S3.
Residence. 821 California St.. below PovaU.
Ta..M*re« T«l«shen« J*mej 190k.. Playing cards." game" counters, poker
chips, dominoes, chess and chekers^ in
elegant cases for- Christmas. Sanborn,
.Vail & Co. •
FKOBABIiE WINWEKS.
First . race— Effervescence, Wistaria,
Itoceo. '
During the last ten months the far-off
island of: Iceland exported* 7829 barrels
of whale oil, valued at $52,700. The ship
ments went chiefly to Denmark, Norway
Sweden and England.
: The members of tho Norwegian
Woman's Club are making extensive
preparations for a grand benefit enter
tainment to take placo at Saratoga
Hall on December -G for the benefit of
a free bed in a well-known hospital.
Many well-known entertainers will ap
pear for the good cause, including Pro
fessor Bonelli and his mandolin class.
Woman's Club Benefit.
James I* Gallagher, a retired police
officer, died at his residence, 1827
Howard street, yesterday at the age
of 77 years. Gallagher was a native
of Michigan and came ' to California
in the '60's. He was appointed, to. the
police force in 1874 and was retired in
1S05, after having served for twenty
one years. He leaves a large family
of grown children.
'¦ m * •'
May Be Ciffar Thieves.
Charles Heber and William Mald
ney, ex-convicts, \vere arrested last
night by Detectives Friel and Bunner
and placed on the detinue book. The
men are suspected of being, cigar
thieves, as a. search «of their rooms
revealed several thousand cigars hid»
den there, together with a large num
ber of files.
Former Police Officer Dies.
Eddie Hanlon and Young Oorbfttt are
in prime condition for ih'.-i.- baseball
game, which takes place to-morrow at
Recreation Park. The little fightars"ar
ranged the game as a benefit lu Frank
McConnell, the injured fighter, and ex
pect a big attendance. Hanlon has
never appeared in a big game, but says
he will make good without a question.
He bet George Weeden §30 vest^rday
to prove he meant what he said. Tick
ets will be placed 011 sale . to-day al
Harry Corbett's The teams will line
up:
CorbelfF. Pcriticns Uanlon's.
Mike Shfehan. .. ...ritch;r Ed Healy
S.'Kvott Catcher...... Billy O'Brien
liairj Tuthlll...... Klret base Harry roley
YounB Corbett. ....Second basc.Eddls Hanlon
Billy McDonald .... Third base... J. Burke
. Billy Ottb. •• Shortstop.. ...George Croll
Tim McOiatii ..... . J^i V f 1<» ..... .John Foley
Billy Roche....: Onter field.>..Tad Dorgan
George Wced^n. Right- Held.. .HI Donaldson
Young Corbett and Eddie Hanlon to
Captain Teams To-Morrow in a
Benefit Game.
FEATHERWEIGHT BOXERS
IN A BASEBALL MATCH
The Salvation Army has made so many
converts in Stockholm in recent years
that fourteen steamers were required to
convoy th« members to the suburban
meeting/ place at General Booths last
vlrit.
The representatives of the Yosem
ite, San and Hayes Valley
Athletic clubs agreed before the Su
pervisors' Police Committee yester
day to arrange a monster benefit for
Frank McConnell, the pugilist who
was injured in a bout with "Spider"
Welch. Mrs. McConnell, the mother
of the boy, had complained that she
received no cash from a former bene
fit given by the Yosemite Club, which,
however, paid $100.0 in doctor's bills.
Harry Corbett, E. C. Harrington
and Morris Lsvy agreed to take the
matter up with the understanding that
the entire proceeds shall be turned
over to Mrs. McConnell. Tho con
testants are to receive no pay. The
benefit will probably be given on the
night succeeding: the Corbett-Hanlon
bout at Mechanics' Pavilion.
Professional Athletic Clubs Agree to
Give a Monster Entertainment
for Injured Pugilist.
ARRANGE A BENEFIT
FOR FRANK McCONNELL
Accused of Stealing Chickens.
C. Bennett was arrested yesterday
afternoon by Detective Tom Gibson
on a "John Doe" warrant from Solano
Counts*. A letter received by Captain
Martin from W. W. R. Reeves, deputy
sheriff at Fairfleld. states that Ben
nett is wanted there for stealing
chickens throughout the county and
consigning them to various commis
sion merchants In this city. He will
be held ponding the arrival of an of
ficer to take him back.
The results of the civil service ex
aminations of lieutenants of police for
promotion to captaincies afforded a
theme for considerable discussion
among-the policemen yesterday. There
is only one vacancy at present. It was
caused by the death of Captain B,ird
sall. Lieutenant Duke having obtain
ed the highest percentage, would In
the natural order of thing3 fill the
vacancy.
The charter, however, gives the "Po-*
lice Commissioners the power to se
lect any one of the three highest on
the list certified to by the Civil Ser
vice Commissioners to fill a vacancy.
Lieutenants Burnett and Gleeson fol
low Duke in the order named and the
fortunate one can be selected from
these three. The Police Commission
ers, for some reason, recently asked
the opinion of City and County Attor
ney Lane on this provision of the
charter and he told them they had this
power of selection.
Mrs. Herman Zeeb and her three
young children were placed in the De
tention Hospital yesterday* by Secre
tary M. J. White and Officer McMurray
of the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children.
Mr?. Zeeb's husband claims to have
formerly been an officer in the German
army, and he arrived in San Francisco
ten >;ear$ ago. While the husband is
able to earn a living as a laborer, he is
reputed to spend his earnings • for I
liquor and fails to look after his family.
Time and time again the Zeeb family
have been ejected by Sheriff's deputies
from houses where they have failed to
pay their rent, and this fate overtook*
the family yesterday at 11 Sherwood
place. The woman and her children
were found on the streets and sent to
the hospital for care.
An effort will be made to-day to have
the three children of the Zeebs sent to
a charitable institution.
Husband Fails to Support Wife and
Children hnd Charitable Organiza
tion Will Take Action.
SELECTION .OF POLICE
CAPTAIN IS IX DOUBT
CHICAGO, Dec. 17.— Owners of the
American Baseball League at their an
nual meeting to-day rescinded the foul
strike rule adopted last year as an ex
periment. They declared in favor of a
schedule of 134 games in order to meet
the extension of the National League
schedule. The playing season will open
on April 15.
The National League officially de
clared in favor of the foul-strike rule,
and it is the belief that trouble will be
experienced before a rule satisfactory
to both leagues can be agreed on.
The affairs of the Pacific Coast
League came up for discussion during
the meeting- but the question was re
ferred to President Johnson, who was
given power to act for the American
League in any attempt that might be
made to get the independent league on
the coast to join with the organiza
tions cast- of the Rocky Mountains.
HERMAN ZEEB'S FAMILY
EJECTED BY THE SHERIFF
NEW ORLEANS RACING RESULTS.
NEW ORLEANS.-Dec. 17.—Cres
cent City results:
First race, selling, six furlongs —
Lady Free Knight won, Sparrow Cove
second, Wreath of Ivy third. Time,
1:15%.
Second race, seven furlongs —Lingo
won, Zyra second, Floyd K third.
Time, 1:28. ,
Third race, one mile —Satire won,
Bessie McCarthy second, McWilliam
third. Time, 1:43.
Fourth race, handicap, one mile
and a sixteenth—Huzza ¦ won, Mouser
second, Sabot third. Time, 1:48 4-5.
Fifth race, five furlongs —New York
won, Josette second, Little Jack Hor
ner third. Time, 1:01 1-5.
Sixth race, one mile- —Class .won,
Safety Light second, Town Moor third.
Time, 1:42 3-5.
American League 'Magnates Re
scind the Foiil-Sfrike Clause
Adopted by Them Last Year
never found, so . when he died about
four months ago he was declared in
testate. He left a widow.
Fred Bogan*s most^notable ring con
test took place in SatL Francisco in
1££9, when he fought Dal Hawkins sev
enty-five rounds to a draw. He had
previously lost to Hawkins in fifteen
rcunds. At one time he fought for the
lightweight championship of America.
BUTTE, Mont., Dec. 17.— Fred Bogan,
one of the famous California light
weights of his time, will soon come
Into possession of $50,000 in cash. He
was in Butte for a short time to-day,
but left on the afternoon train for San
Francisco, where he is to receive the
money. Bogan has settled down in Bel
grade, and as soon as he receives his
fortune he will erect a hotel in that
prosperous little town in the Gallatin
Valley.
Bogan was not made .aware of his
gcod luck until after an extended
search had been made for him. About
three months ago he located at Bel
grade, and an attorney came from San
Francisco to negotiate with him. There
was some talk of a law suit among the
heirs, but a compromise was reached
and Bogan agreed to take $50,000 for
his interest.
The estate to which he is an heir has
been appraised at J5.000.000. It consists
mostly of business property in the cen
tral portion of San Francisco. The es
tate was left by Charles Bogan, an un
cle of the fighter. Charles Bogan was
among the California argonauts, he
having arrived in the Golden State in
1848. He. made a will in 1866, but it was
Special Wspatch to The Call.
fendants hail from Suisun, Solano
County. They have been in the habit.
. it is alleged, of going every year to
Lake, Trinity or Mendocino counties
for the purpose of shooting deer in
" violation of the law. The Chadbournes
Jire wealthy fruit growers. Deputy
Fish Commissioner Lea spent seven
weeks of time and traveled more than
' 2000 miles to secure the convictions.
Justice of the Peace H. D. Barber
of Weaverville. Trinity County, has
fined George Xelson and F. Rathburn
S26 each and Harry Chadbourne and
Fred Chadbourne 550 each for killing
deer during the close season'. The de-
Game Haw Violators Punished.
Fred Bogan, Once a Premier
Lightweight, Falls Heir to
a Fortune of Fifty Thousand
BASEBALL MEN
CHANGE A RULE
Second race — Mountebank, I O XT, Billy
Moore.
Third race — loyal S, Indian H, Poor
lands.
Fourth race — Shot Gun, Royal Sograe,
Ahumada.
rifth race — Kalnanlt, Jockey Club,
Micio.
Sixth race— Forest Kin*. Achilles, The
Fretter.
INGLESIDE RACETRACK— THURSDAY, Dec. lTi— Weather fine. Track muddy.
5474. FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; gelling; three-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. "TwtlSt Vi . X,. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. Cl.
5158 Kickumbob. C (Walz & C*.).|107| 2 1 1>42 2%?. % 12 11 J~Lewis... 8 15
'«': w Adlr °ndack. 3 (Shannon) lOOl 5 4 % 3 »i ;f 4 2 V, 2 3 Birkenruth 2 5-2
r,:i I» vl ctus. 5 (Mrs. Gabriel) 107 4 7 2 0 u, 4 1 4 13 1% Kunz j 4 10
t't* 5 .. J»mm. 3 OV. p. Magrane) . . 1C7| 7 8 8 6 n 5.3.4 4 Hllderbrnd 3' 7-2.
*,™ ?:,,, Johnson . 6 (Fitzgerald)... 1071 3 2 14 1 h 1 Vi 3 %"5 8 Koach • .1 1S-5
"; C ? IlMouon. 5 (U\ D. Randall). 1071 6 5h;52 8 7 2 C V a Buxton .... - 8 S
r.™ , Chic °. a (Harris & Co.).. 1121 8 6 14 7 % 7 Vj 6 % 73 IFoley 0 »>
j462 Border Mark. ;i (Hutchinson). 1CO| 13 2 4 15 li£S 8 |U Jackson. "20 " 50
Time — :25 -50. l:19'/i. 1:30. At post 2V t minutes. Off at 2:0G. Kickumbob. place. 6; show.
•'¦ Adirondack, place. 1; show. 1-2. Invictus. show 2. Winner, br. g. by Idalium-
JWarla F. Trained by B. Levy. Start good. AVon easily. Next two driving hard. Win
ner liked the going and was ridden the shortest way. Adirondack ran out on the turns.
kecp up first part- T6mm oft poorly. Sue Johnson quit early.
o475. SECOND RACK— Futurity course; selling; all ages; value to first, $TJ5.
Inflox Horge ami Owner. |Wt|St. U. It- %. Str. Fin: J Jockey. 1 Op. Cl.
£*}£! " a ] nauI t. * (Thqmas & Co.). [1C8 4 ... 2 % 1 n. 1 2^1 5 |cT*Kelly. .".|~3^5 1^2
5400 Lady Fonse. 2 (G. I>anka) . . .. 85 2 ... 4 3 4n :i 1^2 1^1 Andersen . 10. 20
r.,i- Sf ick Fowler, 2 (Bonsack)... 85 6 ... 7 2 0 n 5 3 3 % IHilderbrnd I 10 ' 20
Mo L tloriana Belle. 2 (Miller).... 85 1 ... 3 h 3 94 4 1»$4 4 |.T. Lewis... 10 20
™i Caroburn, 2 (B. Schreiber).. 8,'J 5 ... 1 1>42 1 2 n *5 n fMcLaghln .5 4
540. Negrusca. 2 (E. J. Baldwin).. 86 8 ... 8 7h 72 ('. 2^'Connen .... 15 25
;;V, Laoco °n./2 (Mrs. Coffev) 88 7 ... 6^8 8 7 2 Vi I Greenfield . 10 20
(5122) Bassenzo. 4 (Walz & Co.) 112 3 ... 5 1 5 3 6n 8 | Birkcnrtith | 6 12
Time — :24*,i, :49. 1:12ft*. At post 1^ minutes. Oft at ' 2:.TH&. Hainault. place. 1-4: show,
" . Fonse - Place. C; show, 2. Fowler, show 2. Winner br. %. by St Carlo-Libber
tlnibbet. Trained by J, Reavy. Scratched— The Cure. Start good. Won In a gallop.
Nest two driving hard. Hainault breezed In. Lady Fonse did well. Erlclt Fowler
was played to show. Caroburn quit. Bassenzo 6ho«ed some speed.
5470. THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; purse; maiden 2-year-old?; v^lus to first, ?325.
Index ¦ Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. \\. %T % . Str. Fin. j Jockey. [ Op. Cl.
540.! Ebony (I Am'lton Stable) 110 5 2n 2 2 In 1 3'Al 3 Vi I tT liu rns . . . ~4-5 9-10
i»4o0 Neko (Alhambr* Stable) 105 1 1 1 Ul 1 2 1 2 n 2 *4 C. Kelly 15 17
-.v v! r A PP Ieb >' (T. Ferguson) 110| 3 4 2V«i 1%8 3V.:s 3 3 2Vi Connell 7-5 3-2
¦ riJiS Dr - Bl'dsall (G. McConnell).. 11O| » 3 •n/A « 4 7 '4 8 I 8 See 12 8
£tVV r T aplto1 <G - Lanka) 107 ,4 V 58 "5 5 5 S 58 50 Btrkenruth . 15 50
5444 |.Tack Little (W. P. Fine) 107 ti 0 t; 0 0 <; Bo.xton 10 20
Time— :25. :40, 1:17ft, 1:31. At post % minute. Oft at 2:."j7?4. Ebony, place. 1-3; show,
°, u |- place. 4; show, 7-5. Appleby. show. l-J. Wlrnpr, blk. c. by Hamilton II
crlcket. Trained by J. Givens. Scratched— Elizabeth E. Start good for all but Jack
Little. Won pulled to a walk. Next two driving hard. Ebcny was the pockage of C. O.
d. merchandise. Connell rode Sir Appleby about as well as an Esquimaux would drive
an automobile. Neko ran well. Dr. Blrdaall a slow breeker.
5477. FOURTH RACE— One mile and 70 yards; selling; 3-year-olds and up: value first. $325
lndex Horse and Owner. [WtjSt. j^. %. %. Str. FinT~] JocKey. i Opi cf.
(5473) Lord Melbourne, 3 (Bender).. 105| 4 1 lftl % 1 2»£1 2>,£1 2»/ 3 'Ollphant ...I 1 I
o4(.l Silurian, 5 (Lamasney Bros.). 102 1 lib 3 n 4 3 3 1%2 h ILarsen | 7 12
B4|>4 L. Crawford, 3 (Schreiber).... 100 2 5 % 6 1^5 3 4 I 3 1 |.I. Booker.. | 7 10
54i>» Diderot, 5 (J. p. Atkins). ... 107 5 42 4 1%3 n 2 1 4 G 'T. Burns...! 5-2 3
K« 3 (Jennings Co.).... 05 3 2 n 2 ?; 2 n 5 3 5 n |R. Colemani 5 4
5401 Cambaeeres. 5 (V. Gilbert). .102 7 7 T 7 7 « 3«ilHiIdebrand 15 40
544? Gorgaiette, 3 (Fitzgerald) |100 « 6 1 5 h 6ift 6 %l 7 JFoley I 8 10
Time— :25»i, :4.oa4, l:15?i. l:42»i, 1:47. At post 4V4 minutes. Oft at 3:27. Melbourne, place,
2-o; show, 1-5. Silurian, place. 5; show, 6-2. Crawford, show. 6-5. • Winner, b. g. by
Prince of Monaco-Gondola. Trained by S. S. Bonder. Scratched — I O V. Start good.
Won easily. Next two in a hard drive. The winner was bid up from $SCO to ?12C0 by
F. \V. Doss; was retained. Winner unbeatahle in the mud in his class. Silurian ran
an improved race. Booker on Lacy Crawford saved ground by hugging the rail. Not
sloppy enough for Diderot. NIgrette showed improvement.
.*»-i7.S. FIFTH RACE — Futurity course; Belling; all aeres; value to first.
Indexl Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. U- Vj- ?4. Str. Fin. I Jock<?y. j Op! CK
6459 (Reeves, 3 (Lamasney Uros.). 101| 4 ... 4 n 3 1 1 h 1 2#jFoley ~3 5
W51 IFort Wayne, 3 (A. Ross) 100] 3 ... In 1 «4 2 3 2 3'^, Connell .... 5 7
(Vttt2 IFlorinel II. 6 (H. W. Hoag).. 1071 2 ... 5n-4''i 3 2 3 4 Hildebrand 7 12
r.414 iQuutre. 3 (E. Tierney) 110 1 ... 2 1 V;2 Vj 4 1 IVitJ. Martin... 10 13
0453 ISaintly. a (T. Crowe) 112 S ... 7 2 7 1 5 '/« •"> >i IT. Burns... 8-5 3-2
Atwood. 2 (Hemtngray). »3 5 ... li l'A'i '•• 8 Kn |.T. Jones 7 fi
5415 Ananias, 2 (J, F. Schorr) 93! 7 ... 0 'i 5 14 « n 7 ~\'i 'Reecl 4 8
. ... jCorcner Kelly. 2 (Bender) | 0°»j 6 ... 8 8 7 *4 8 ' (Ollphant ... 20 50
Time — :21>4. t-JS'.i. 1:12. At post 1VS minutes. Off. at 3:.".2ii. Reeves, place. 2: show. 7-10
Wr«yne, place. 5-2; show, 7-5. Florinol, show, 8-5. Winner, b. c. by St. Florlan-Heli
opolis. Trained by D. Lamasney. Scratched — Sol Smith. Start good. Won easily. Sec
ond stopping. Third driving hard. Winner bid up from $500 to $1000 by Al Koenlgs
bergfr; rftained. Reeves is a good mudder. Fort Wayne ran his race. Saintly away
poorly, did not Ilk* the going or the company. Atwood is a fair one. Ananias can do
better. Quatre ran a cood race. ¦ ¦_
o47». ; SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs: selling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first, $.125.
Index! Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. %. ft; a' 4 . Str. Fin. | Jocl;?y. I Op] cf.
543S 'l Elfin Kinc, 3 (B. E. Curl).. . 11071 7 2 1V[2 2 2 =4 1 a i 1 2%'jHaack '....) ~t! 12
54CI |Pat Morrissey. a (Wellman). . 11071 8 6 h « i' 2 4 % 3 3 2 n (Llnton | G s
5447 iOscar Tt>U<\ 5 (Klunder Co.). .11151 1 5 2 ? Ift3 2>//2 1U.3 l'^Li. Lewis...! 4 H
f>374 jldogo. 4 (S. Rafour).... |112| 3 7 5n 0 4 5 Ift4 h |Se« | 2 9-5
F.44S IRinaldo. a (Slskiyou Stable). .!112| C 3 1 U4 2 S n 4 ft 5 5 j Hildebrand 1 12 12
5410 Constable. 4 (Stockton Stable). 11071 8, 4 2 7 7 7 On Foley • 4 5
&J28 lOrosiu?. 3 (Bailey & Co.) 1107| 2 1 'i 1 4 1 n 6 n 7 T. J. Shehn| 4 4
5-140 |Rarp. 5 (.1. Green). 11071 4 Fell. jWright ...j 15 40
Time — :25, -.iO^i. 1 :16»4, 1:30. At post 1% minutes. Off at 4:18. Elfin King, place 5:
show, 2. ' Pat Morrissey, place, 3; show, 8-5. Oscar JTolle. shor.-. 1. Winner, b. c. by
Kins? Wllliam-Ciruo. Trained by B. E. Curl. Scratched — Evander. Start good. Won
easily. Next two driving hard. When Rasp fell Pat MeiTlss°y, Idogo and Constable
were intprfered with, dropping far out of It. Oscar Tclle barlfd. Orosirs la wind
broken and stopped.
Joseph Oldliam Prophesies That San
Francisco Will Supply Them to
European Nations.
Joseph R. Oldham, naval architect,
gave a lecture last night, his subject
being "Errors in Ship Design and
Construction," before the students of
' the drawing department of the Hum
boldt Evening High School.
The lecturer said that here on thi3
very spot will the center of civiliza
tion be located. Here, he said, will
be built the greatest ships that ever
floated, to be expo/ted to the nations
of the Old World. Even in a year or
two from now, ' said Mr. Oldham. It
must be acknowledged by the nations
of Europe that at least two of the
finest warships afloat were built at
San Francisco. No better work, he
said, was ever seen than that now
being done at the Union Iron Works.
Mr. Oldham wished to admonish
his young hearers to strive to be
worthy of such great achievements,
to do their duty, to be strong and of
good courage, for good courage, he
reminded them, was next to honor.
The lectures which will be given In
the drawing department of the school
this evening will be "Variable Speed
Control of Machine Tools," by W. F.
Hynes; "Electrical Engineering," by
E. B. Parsons; "Gas Engines," by W.
Bates, and. "Engine Tests," /by P.
Hayes. ;
GREATEST WARSHIPS MAY
BE BUILT IN' OUR YARDS
NEW YORK, Dec. 17.— The Maxim &
Gay Company, turf correspondents and
accountants, wore barred from the use
of the mail? by a fraud order made
effective to-day and issued from the
offke of the Assistant Attorney General
of the Postoffice Department. The
firms circulars and advertisements are
worded in most attractive fashion and
havp been given the widest range of
publicity. On its letterheads and ad
vertisements the company refers to any
banker In Nt-w York. New Orleans.
Chicago, Saratoga or Washington. It
makes most ailurir.g promises of win
rirg for its client? large sums of money
from a small initial Investment. Ac
cording: to these advertisements, the
company Js capitalized at 550,000. Th'S
name of the president and manager is
given as <3rajiam Rice.
Among other statements made frrr the
benefit cf possible investors is that of
the indorsement of the daily press
everywhere, a statement which has
been found by the Postoffice Depart
ment officials to be false. The plan of
operation was to agree to invest a cer
tain sum of money for a client. The
firm was to play this at the track on
horses of its own selection, the firm to
receive 23 per cent of the winnings as
a commission. It is believed this firm
has made a great deal cf money from
credulous persons throughout the coun
try.
Widely Advertised Turf Investment
Company Is Barred From the
U«e of the Mails.
MAXIM & GAY CO3IPAXY
CXDER THE OFFICIAL BAV
The Restaurant Keepers' Associa
tion and the Cooks' and Waiters"
Union have compromised their differ
ences and the agreement for the com
ing year will be signed by both par
ties. The -agreement is substantially
like the old one. THe association
yielded to the demand for union
houses, but the clause relative to the
hiring of men through the offices of
the unions was stricken out.
F. A. Krone, proprietor of the Pop
ular Restaurant on Geary street, and
M. Johnson, who recently resigned
from the association, have opened up
their restaurants as independent
houses. Krone demands the right to
be "captain of .the ship." Johnson
says he will be "the only walking del
egate of this shop."
There was a large crowd of union
pickets in front of Johnson's restau
rant yesterday and they loudly shout
ed that it was "an unfair house." A
squad of policemen were kept busy
keeping the crowds moving and pre
venting disturbances. The boycott is
on in full force and the pickets are
trying to keep the hungry away from
the eating-house.
The cloakmakers are still out and
also using boycotting tactics to injure
the various cloak houses. There was
a clash in front of the Pacific Cloak
and Suit House yesterday and eight
men were arrested. They are William
Reed. E. E. Silner, Francis Morgan, '
Frank Silversteln, Arthur J. Duffy, j
William Plusker, Meyer Blaskfleld
and Loui3 Eaton.
The pickets employed by the Cloak
makers' Union marched up and down
crying that the house was unfair and
other pickets took up the cry that it
was a "fair house." This continued
for some time and then ¦ both sides
came to blows. The police separated
the combatants and took eight into
custody.
Eight Men Arc Arrested for Creating
a Disturbance on Market
Street.
BOYCOTT RESTAURANTS
AND THE CLOAK HOUSES
PUGILIST NOW
MAN OF MEANS
- Harry Corbett, who is an excellent
judge of piic-CF, when asked what the
opening betting would be. said: "If the
admirers of Young Corbett believe him
to be in condition for a hard fight I
think the Denver man will open an 8 to
10 choice. ;The price will probably fluc
tuate between that and even money,
according to tho condition of the two
men as they appear in training."
Young Corbett eased up in his boxing
yesterday after the fierce work of the
previous day. He went through his va
rious exercises, except the work with
the glove?;
Eddie Hanlon is accustoming himself
to hard knocks at Alameda, giving and
taking severe blows. in training. .East
ern writers are of the opinion that if
he carries the war to Corbett and fights
him in the manner he fought Yanger
the champion will retain his title,
as that is his favorite style. Both
boxers will be in such improved form
over that shown at their last meeting
that a comparison cannot b? drawn.
Corbett will, if anything, 'be in better
form than when he fought McGovern.
Hanlon will be better than at any pre
vious time in his career, and if he has
Corbett in distress at any stage of the
journey he will not give him a chance
to recover, as he did last February.
With Fitzsimmons," Jim Corbett,
Gardner, Johnson, Ferguson, Seiger,
Weinig and a host of good old has
beens laid away on the shelf, the box
ing promoters have few attractive
fights in sight. For this reason it is
expected a determined effort will be
made to match the winner of this fight
with Britt. The featherweights will
weigh in at 6 o'clock at 129 pounds. This
will mean a ringside weight of 131
pounds. As Britt fights at 133 pounds
ringside, there is but little room for ar
gument.
Britt is five feet six inches tall and
has- a reach of sixty-five and a half
inches.
Corbett is five feet three inches tall
and his reach is sixty-five inches. '
Hanlon is five feet five inches tall
and measures sixty-seven inches from
tip to tip.
Terry McGowan Is five feet three and
a half Inches tall and has a reach of
sixty-five and a half inches.
The Young Corbett-Eddie Hanlon
championship boxing bout, which is set
for the 29th inst., is already creating a
lot of discussion. It will undoubtedly
be a heavy betting affair, as the East
ern bookmakers are expected to back
Corbett to a man, while Hanlon has an
army of friends to make good his end of
the wagering.
BERKELEY, Dec. 17.— The Univer
sity of California officials havs finally
and definitely decided that the eleven
will not play the proposed ?ame of
football on New Year's day with the
University of Minnesota. Manager
Ezra Dccoto telegraphed to ihe Min
nesota managers to-day that it was
now too late to do any more negotiat
ing and that California would not play
under any consideration. No answer
had been received to this telegram up
to a late hour to-night. No change
will be made in this decision whether
one is received or not. Manager Decoto
said to-night:
"The University of California will
not- meet the University- of Minnesota
on New Year's day under av.y consid
eration. I finally telegraphed to that
college to-day and under no circum
stances will we reconsider o<:r decision.
The time for reconsideration has
passed. We opened negotiations with
the Eastern college some time ago and
we offered them everything they could
ask in reason. They kept asking" more
until we could not grant it. Now it has
reached a time where proper prepara
tion for the garfXfe cannot he made.' We
have not the time to put our team in
proper shape, we have not the time
to do the proper advertising and we
have not the time to do anything that
is necessary to give the patrons of the
game a satisfactory exhibition. The
Minnesota people kept us waiting too
long and 1 we have simply broken off
negotiations. There will be do game."
The slake is limited to ninety-six en
tries, many dogs of class .be'.ns in the
running. The first brace will go i" to
the hands of the .slipper to-morrow
morning at 11:30 o'clock.
The draw for next week's stake wiJ!
be held on Wednesday night owing to
the Christmas holidays. The draw last
night resulted as follows:
Hcm»r Boy vs. Apple Blosscm: Rich Areoj-y
vs. Yellow Tail; Harlem Gladys vs. Dorothy M:
Renegade Apache vs. Wedgewcod; Tom sayers
vs. Roy HuKhie: King Death vs. America: Col
ored Lady vs. Pure Pearl; Lord Granard vs.
Little Plunger: Beacon vs. Our Minnie; Beauty
Gold V*. Haddington: Tcunjc Fearless vs. Clover
Klopsom; Pacing Billy vs. Gilmore Girl; Donny
tirook vs. Equator: Sofala vs. Idleness; Menlo
Prince vs. Jerry Wright: Piker vs. Doc Burns;
Frisco Lad vs. Manru: Frisky Earbara vs. Mi
rage; Glaucu3 vs. Ragged Actor; Black Flush
vs. Brilliancy; Van Alba vs. Vina; Free Born
vs. Northern Express: Lord Goft vs. Toronto:
Royal Sport vs. Ouida: Sllevenamon vs. Real
Duche.«s; Jingle Bells vs. Haphazard; Topsy
Tuny vs. Drifting Down; Maid of the Glen vs.
Lily York: Intruder vs. Van Nora; Mark Twain
vs. Mi*s Wilson: The Referee vs. Lady Menlo;
Firm fellow vs. Old Ironsides; Slskiyou vs.
Little Lucy: Mo'.lie Me vs: Don Pedro; Linda
Vista vs. Silver ClouO; Queen's Motto vs. Co
mique; Concord Boy vs. Emin Bey; Laughing
Water vs. Golden Rule; Cloverdale vs. Ruby
Sankcy; Irvlnston Tralee vs. Viking: Yukon vs.
Gambit; Bob It vs Loretta; McKenry T*. Reck
less Acrcbat: Maid of Gowrie vs. Mountain
Poet: Belfast vs. Melllnwood; Lazy Bob vs.
Meddlesome; Prometheus vs. Full Moon; Orsina
vs. Doris.
Northern Express, Gilmore Girl and
other crack Eastern greyhounds will be
seen in competition at Ingleslde Cours
ing Park to-morrow and Sunday for
the first time.
Mr. Nolan is trying to figure out what
he will do with the strange pet. He
is a fierce one and refuses to make
friends with any one. The only thing
he will do Is eat. He is possessed of
an appetite that is beyond description
and he puts all kind of edibles under
his belt.
Sargent had a lively experience with
the beast. He captured him near Gil
roy en Tuesday evening after a bitter
fight. Sargent was on a hunting trip
and ran across the cat in a quail's nest.
The animal did not observe the ap
proach of the hunter and the latter
made up his mind to capture the ani
mal.
He made a grab for him, but the
beast fought back. He sprang at Sar
gent and the latter was having a fierce
fight when Gec<;e Baumgarten arrived
on the scene and the two men finally
managed to tie the cat and put him
into a cage.
The beast is an exceptionally large
one. of a spotted gray color and very
lively. Nolan is at present undecided
as to what he will do with his Christ
mas gift. Several people hav? offered
to buy him for exhibition purposes, but
so far Nolan has refused all ths offers.
Joseph Nolan, the well-known sports
man and shoe merchant, is re
ceiving hl3 Christmas presents
at an early date this year. On
Wednesday evening an expressman
arrived at his place of business with a
bulky package. Nolan thought it might
be an automobile or perhaps a swell
music box. When he tore off the
wrappings he jumped ten feet by actual
count, for instead of a pieca of mer
chandise the little token proved to be
a wildcat, which was even more fero
cious than his name implies.
On a little card attached to the cage
was a brief note to Mr. Nolan from
James A. Sargent of San Jose. In a
few words Mr. Sargent explained how
he had captured the animal at the risk
of his life and hoped the token would
be gratefully received and kt-pt as a
remembrance.
Price May Go to Even Money,
Ac-cording to the Reports
as to the Boxers' Condition
Drawing Results in Hounds
Being Closely Hatched for
First Bun-Down on Saturday
r*ee — One mllo and fifty yards; alL
bspk: spillr.jr.
r.4<rr Colonel Van (D. S. Fountain): . .... . .in<>
r>tr»S 'A'-h'Ues (MrCabe & Co.). ........ .:.1(V5
T404 Ptilicho fjennin^i" * Co.l '. w»
'njrt rv-uea'- (B"«ts *• H«11»nbeck). ... ;...'. .110 ;
!UC7 Tllowaho fW. H. Ketcheman)........iin
M«7 *Forest Kin % (55. Jones) ...:.. .inn
M35 V»Up« f- T . Ot»*Iv> f>9
Th* Way (D«*<vton'£- f^O.. • Tin
54."4 'The Fretter (F. J. O'Uourke) .103
•Apprentice allowance. ' .
Insolence (Ford & Co.) *....11O
M72 "Louis W««fr (McAllister A Co.).... 100
R445 .Inckey Club (VF. Fisher) ... ......HO
r»4i« Harry Thatcher (Mrs. Hastings) 110
5472 *Mlmo (P. Sheridan).....;;. \. 97
Fifth race — Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and un; selling. .
<5i5ti)Blll MaFsl« (J. J. McAIester) .110
5407 Captivate (P. Hlldreth) lift
<rt-n2)*SierHns Towers (Stockton Stable)... 105
(M75)*Hali>ault (Thorns « & Reavey). ...... 87
M72 The Stewardeeji (Winters & Co.) 105
P4.M1 *Eir.llv Oliver (J. Clnrk>.... ....10O
5.1C6 Arcade (Jennlntrji & Co.) ..102
Fourth race— Futurity course; handicap for
all a;cs.
. .Tee LesFer (G. Summers) .10S
MKI Evca O (Mn>. J. Coffev). lOO
5472 Glf ndenninc < W. B. Sink} 101
5411 Kenilvrorth (W. H. Ketcheman) 115
54<T> Ah'imada (J. A. Kyle).. no
(!>:07)Phot Gun (Jenningrs & Co.) u»
(rnno)noyal Romie «.T. C' Nealon)..... *..... 117
B4KI San Nicholas (Burns * Waterhouse)..117
54C« Muresca (Mrs. C. B. Miller).. 06
Third race — Short course; handicap steeple
chase.
M5» LoyaJ S (V. Gilbert)..... 135
4278 Phil Archibald (J. M. Crane) 130
52SH Indian II (O. Cochran) 148
WHO Pooriands (F. \V. Cooper) ..135
5104 The Scot (Wells & Co.) 127
Second race — One mile; three-year-olds and
up; selling.
• r .47» 'Constable (Stockton Stable) 100
54C2 Kvander (W. Fisher) ...1O(S
5."178 'Merwan (J. J. McAJester) 97
5458 Boutonniere (Johnson & Co.)....- 102
54CS 'Mountebank (Keating & Co.) .100
5467 •Billy Moore (T. T. Rector) .... 100
r»46S Hungarian (Porter & Dunn)...; 10<>
5438 H. P. Cane (Ilutchinson & Co.)... 102
W.4 Past Master (C. P. Fink) 107
5420 'Theodora L (P. K. Smith) 07
C45S *I O U (C. W, Chappelle) 10G
FIr«t race — Six furlongs; two-year-olds;
soiling-.
(r>457jKffcrvcsK?pnc«> fMrs. J. Cnffey) 107
,'... 'Soufrlere (Dayton & Co.) 102
K535 •Toitec (University Stable) 07
5457 Wistaria (J. F. Schorr) 09
Selma (Hill &. Co.) .107
4343 'Cotatl (G. A. Davis) 102
him HoKarth (F. J. Carmody) itf)
5452 »The Hawaiian (Figaro Stables) 9t
5370 »Doris (H. I... Jones & Co.) 94
5470 »Hoceo (Burns & Waterhouse) ........ J)4
5444 'Harbor (II. K. Rowell) 5)7
5452 'Young- Pepper (F. J. O'Rourke). . . . .. 91
The first steeplechase of the season
is down for decision to-day.
Reeves, winner of the fifth event,
was bid up from 5500 to $1000 by Al
Koenigsberj. Lamasney Bros, retained
the colt. -
The hand books about town were
snowed in, it is said, with Ebony
money.
Wright, who rode Rasp, escaped
with a severe shaking up.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAYV
Burns had the mount on Saintly, fa
vorite for the fifth selection. It was
through no fault of his the brown
gelding did not register first. Saintly
was away from the barrier none too
well, but v*hen in his stride did, not
seem to fancy the footing. Reeves,
with Foley up and 5 to 1, moved along
from fourth position, winning easily at
the finish from Fort Wayne, the early
pacemaker. Florinel, a 12 to 1 shot,
annexed the show.
An accident in the final seven-furlong
selling niece altered the complexion of
things. Soon after the start Rasp, with
a green boy named Wright in the sad
dle, was bumped and thrown, serious
ly interfering with Idogo, the favorite,
as well as with Pat Morrissey and
Constable, two other well-backed ones.
The winner turned up in Elfin King, a
12 to 1 shot, ridden by Willie Haack,
which downed Pat Morrissey nearly
three lengths.
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
Although three favorites came
through all right, long shots cut quite
a figure in the afternoon's sport. Kick
ufnbob, Reeves and Elfin King, all at
healthy prices, were the three unan
nounced and unexpected arrivals. The
card was an ordinary one, but attract
ed a large crowd.
Adirondack, with Birkenruth up,
closed favorite for the opening seven
furlong run. He was inclined to run
out on the turns, and fell easy prey to
Kickumbob, a 15 to 1 shot. Jed Lewis
rode a first-class race on the winner.
Invictus took the show.
At odds of 3 to 5, Hainault, with
Charley Kelly on his back, made a gal
lop of the Futurity course sprint fol
lowing. The other starters comprised
for the most part two-year-olds and
Hainault won at his leisure. Lady
For.se led Brick Fowler out for place
honors.
A well-defined plunge was made on
Ebony to take the seven-furlong run
for maiden two-year-olds and after
events justified the unloading. Charley
Connell rode Sir Appleby and did so in
a manner that would indicate the lad
had forgotten how to spell horse. Tom
my Burns piloted Ebony and won from
Neko with all brakes set. Sir Appleby,
under his light draught power, was
third.
SAINTLY IS BEATEN*.
Sidney Bender's gelding Lord Mel
bourne is a useful piece of racing hard
ware, more especially so when there
happens to be any moisture on the
track.
On "Wednesday he defeated a fair
field, splashing home as he pleased and
repealed the trick yesterday in the
mile and seventy-yard selling affair.
- It >\vas figured that Diderot would be
a dangerous contender, which enabled
the friends of his lordship to obtain as
good as 3 to 2 in the ring. There was
nothing to it from the start. Ollphant
hustled the Bender entry to the front
and he won all the way, beating Si
lurian and Lacy Crawford with appar
ent ease. The going was not sloppy
enough for Diderot, and when Tommy
Burns took him out on the dry going
through the stretch he faded away.
Frank Doss appears to be camping
on the trail of the winners. He tilted
the winner on the preceding day, and
yesterday boosted the selling price
from $800 to $1200. On each occasion
Sidney Bender bid the usual $5 neces
sary to retain.
LONG SHOTS IX EVIDENCE.
Animal Taken Captive Near
Gilroy After a Desperate
Battle With Two Hunters
CLASS WELL REPRESENTED
REFUSES TO BECOME TAME
BOOKIES FANCY DENVERITE
University of California Men
Positively Decline to 3Ieet
the Eleven From Minnesota
»
LATTER WANTS TOO MUCH
Bequests Concessions Until
They Have Beached a Point
Beyond All Possible Reason
Northern Express, Gilmore Girl
and Other Greyhounds to
Start at Ingleside. Park
Joseph Nolan Receives Novel
Christmas Donation From
James* Sargent of San Jo»p
Opening Odds in the Corbctt-
Hanlon Fight Will Prob
ably Be Ten to Eight
NEW YEAR'S DAY
GAME IS OFF
HEAVY" BETTING
IS EXPECTED
LARGE WILDCAT
AS A PRESENT
LORD MELBOURNE IN FRONT
AND RECEIVES A BOOST
Frank Doss Tilts' the Mudlark's Selling Price From
$800 to $1200-Kickumbob and Elfin King Win at
Long Odds—Reeves .Defeats Smart Field of Sprinters
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
EASTERN DOGS
ON THE FIELD
SPORTS OF THE RACETRACK, THE PRIZERING AND THE FIELD
,¦ . .- ¦ . - : ::: : :.-.:•¦ ¦:¦¦. ¦ ¦ ¦/¦•¦ < - ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER IS, 1903.
10
THE CHRIST3IAS CALL, ?
A NUMBER OF SURPASS- ?
ING ATTRACTIVENESS, ?
WILL.BE ISSUED NEXT J
SUNDAY, DECEM- £
BER 20. t.
Place Your Orders Now* ?{•
X
The mest dlstlnfruiched and V
sujnptnous paper of the Yuletlde. T
Its briJJIaat pares contain eontrl- V
bntioas from many leading writers V
cf the day. and the strikingly 1
characteristic work of its staff *;
contributors win make it a truly *
delightful and interesting 1 tpaper. X
With this issue will be present- JL
«4. absolutely free of charsre, J.
"Deeoratinar fcr the Party." that .*.
caaraliur pictrxe by Bryson. "Sec- J.
creXioK fcr the Party" is another i.
ct the popular Gold Series, and, 4*
Ufco its companion pieces. "Se- ?;-
Acrah," "Admiration" and "At the •!?
Opera," will adorn the trails of •;-
nuany of the semes of the Great •>
West. ; - *,-
sre-srsdealers and ajrents will do *--
well to crder early, as the supply •:-
is limited. *>
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦*** 1—. »-. i r^^gj^j~!>i^"to"rT>.-** "
HAVANA CIGARSOfficers Are Klccted.
The following officers '/Were chosen
nt the regular election r .Of .St. Mary's
Branch No. 437, Catholic Knights of
America: Spiritual , director.. Rev.
Father Wyman, c'S. P.; ' president,'
Dr. J. S. Gibbon; vtor. president,
Charles Quinn; recording secretary,,
James Kane; financial secretary,'
Charles J. Nicholas; treasurer, Thorn-'
as Moore; trustees, P. J. Egan, T. J.
Cleary, John Burke.
outfits and things to burn.
Art Material Department, Sanborn. Vail
F. PetrowKki, who runs a lodging
house at 961 Mission street, secured a
warrant from Police Judge Mogan yes
terday for the arrest of "John Doe,"
his clerk, on a charge of misdemeanor
embezzlement. He says he does not
know the accused man's true name
and aliases that last Wednesday the
clerk collected $10 from^the lodgers
and decamped.
Collects and Keeps Coin.
Buyers of Christmas Presents
Should visit Andrews' Diamond Palace,
221 Montgomery st.. under Russ House,
tnd see large stock of diamonds, watches
tc Jewelry at lowest prices. Open evgs. •
3Irs. IJIIian Birmingham, Contralto,
j to Assist in the Final Piano Re
cital Given by Sherman, Clay &
Co. In Stelmvay Hall To-Morro\v
Afternoon.
The Angelus department of the Sher
man-Clay Company will give the final
recital of the season to-morrow after
noon at 3 o'clock. Jn Steinway Hall. Mrs.
Lillian Birmingham, well known to all
music lovers in San Francisco, will be
the soloist of the occasion. These reci
tal-? are free to all and complimentary
tickets may be had by applying at the
store. Following is the programme:
Fart I.
1. T*olona!(*e No. 1 L»fszt
2. <a) Rornunt, r,p. 38. No. 2
(b) IStude. op. 25. No. 9 ChOplii
3. Song, "My Heart Is Weary," from the
oper» "Xadlfhda" Thomas
Mm. Birmingham.
Accompanied on the piano by Mr. Van Yorx
with th« aid of the Angrlus.
PART II ;
4. Poliehinelle, op. 3, No. *4 Laehmantnofr.
I.a. Bo> mif. Kantaale Purclnl
fi. Waltz, op. 34. No. 1 Moncowskl
7. Hong*, (a) "A L*'J and Lassie," (b) "For
Mine Alone" Van Yorx
Mrs. Birmingham.
Accompanied on the piano by Mr. Van Tone
with the aid of the Angelus.
8. Rhapsodic Hongxoise Liszt*
A MUSICAL EVENT.
C. Bennett of Bennett Bros., doing
a commission business under the name
of the Pacific Produce Company, 8
Washington street, was arrested yes
terday by Detectives Freel and Bun
ner and locked up in the City Prison.
H*» was arrested on a warrant from
Eolano County charging him with ob
taining goods by false pretenses. The
complaining witness is Lee Wilson, a
farmer at Elmira, who says that the
defendant has be%n buying butter,
eggs, fruit and vegetables from farm
ers and failing to make, any returns.
Farmers Walt for Returns,
Recently, according to the complaint,
Mrs. Pchnabel showed a desire to han
dle the property herself, much to the
disgust of her son, and he states that
he fears that if the property is deeded
back to her by Hatch she will put an
end to h!s allowance and make a
chanpre in her plan to give it to her
children upon her death. ¦ •
A suit for an injunction restraining
Jackson Hatch from conveying back to
Clara Schnabel the property " he has
held in trust for her since November,
1896, was filed yesterday by E. C.
Schnabel. her son. He alleges that if
his mother gets back the control of the
property he may lose the income of 560
a month he has enjoyed since Hatch
took control of it, and bases his suit
on the ground that his mother, in mak
ing the trust deed, provided that it
6hould remain under Hatch's control
until her death, at which time it was to
be distributed to her four children in
equal shares.
The suit reveals the fact that the
plaintiff is the only one of the Schnabel
children whj is dissatisfied. The other
three. E. H. Schnabel, Emma Koenig
and Erna Sachse, have refused to join
with him in his efforts to prevent Mrs.
Schnabel from again securing the con
trol of the property left her by her hus
band. Ernest Schnabel, and are made
defendants In the suit. Their inter
ests, however, are Identical with those
of the plaintiff, each being a beneficiary
to the extent of $60 a month under the
present arrangements.
It appears that the Schnabel estate
consists of realty of great value in this
city, Los Angeles and Santa Clara
County. In deeding it to Hatch Mrs.
Schnabel provided that he should hold
It in trust until her death, or until
such time as she determined to termi
nate the trust. During the existence of
the trust he was to receive $75 a month
for. his services and was to make her a
monthly allowance of $260 out of the In
come from the property. He was also
to pay each of her four children $60 a
month.
Desire for the custody of Ah Young,
a pretty Chinese girl about 14 years of
agf, was the cause of a legal struggle
in the probate court yesterday. Don
a!d;na Cameron, superintendent of the
Chinese Presbyterian Home, wants the
custody of the little Oriental, and so
does Lum Quoia. also known as Choo
Bing Quoia, who claims to be the step
mother of the young girl. Because of
the absence of an interpreter satisfac
tory to both sides the matter was put
over until Tuesday, December 29.
Choo Bing Quoia, the alleged step
mother of Ah Young, lives at 711 Com
mercial street. Three weeks ago the
little girl, who has lived with her for
some time, ran away and took refuge
ot the mission, claiming that she had
been abused. Since then numerous at
tempts to get her away from the mis
sionaries have been made, but without
avail, the Uttle. girl preferring to re
main at tho home. Miss Cameron
claims that the child is more than 14
years of agp and capable of selecting
her own guardian, but Choo Bing Quoia
claims that ?he is only 13 and not en
titled to a choice.
What l^nds interest to the ca.«e is the
fact that the little maid is r>ossessed of
means. Her father. Chew Bing Quoia,
xvho died last Jun<>, was a contractor.
It was popularly supposed that his
widow lived in China, but when his
will was offered for probate the woman
who now claims the right to have the
custody of Ah Young came forward
and announced herself as the widow
ar.d claimed his estate by the terms of
the will. Most of the estate, which con
sists principally of cash, came into her
hand?, and she would have received all
of it but for the appearance through
Attorney Vogelsang of the widow in
China. The lawyer claims that the San
Francisco -widow was but a servant of
the contractor and not entitled to any
of his wealth.
E. C. Schnabel Asks Court to
Restrain Trustee From Mak
ing- Reconveyance of Realty
Buns Away From Allowed Step
3Iother and Seeks Refuge
at the Presbyterian 3Iission
CHINESE GIRL
PREFERS HOME
FEARS INCOME
IS IN DANGER
Jim Jewries, the heavy-weight cham
pion, is being urged .to give Corbett an
other chance at him, the bout to take
place at the World's Fair. St. Louis/Cor
bett might win, but you should buy a
gas range from the San Francisco Gas
and Electric Co.. 415 Poststreet, •
Julius Isaacs spent Wednesday night
in \the City Prison on a misdemeanor
charge. When' he. arose in the morning
be was pained to discover that a new
William Conley and Edward Terry
went out for a ride in the Ashbury
Park-district the other day. They had
an empty delivery wagon and appar
ently had no definite Idea of what they
were going to fill it with. A policeman
watched them long and earnestly, but
they saw him first and drove along
without attempting to secure a cargo.
Finally the policeman placed them un
der arrest. Their record was looked
into and it was discovered that Con
ley had served a long term at San
Quentln for burglary. Both men had
been convicted several times of mis
demeanors and served terms In the
County Jail. Judge Mogan told them
plainly yesterday that he .was satisfied
they were thieves and that they took
the wagon out to Ashbury Park for the
purpose of oarrying away any plunder
they mights secure. He Instructed the
police to ascertain if any depredations
had been committed in that section of
the city and If, there have been any
he will give the two prisoners the limit
in the County Jail. '¦
Mary Hannon came down Howard
street Monday evening In an independ
ent frame of mind. In crescendo tones
she declared that she did not care for
the laws, the police, the public, the
heavens or the earth or the waters that
are under the earth. She said she had
a job. At the corner of Fourth street
the observant gaze of a policeman rest
ed on Mary. He had only been on the
force fourteen years, but even to him
it was apparent that she had been lap
ping up more liquid Incentive to crime
than was consistent with the peace and
dignity of the city. So he halted Mary
in the middle of an apostrophe and
gave her a ride In a nice blue wagon.
When she appeared before Judge Mo
gan yesterday she had lost In a large
measure her spirit of independence, but
she still maintained that she had a job,
and offered several newspaper clippings
as documentary evidence of the fact.
She said she was a stenographer. Some
delver into days that are gone pro
duced from the police records the fact
that Mary had formerly nerved two
terms in the County Jail for outbreaks
similar to that of Wednesday night, so
Judge Mogan sentenced her to another
three months \n the same resort. Mary
now has a job on the square.
GARDEN CITY, Iowa, D*c. 17.— The bank
here was robbed last night by three men, who
secured $1000.
ular director, the band will be conduct
ed by Max RIese.
Following will be the prdgramme:
"March to MoritevlOeo," Barnhouse;
overture, "Morning, Noon, Night in
Vienna," Suppe; valse. "Venus Rlegen,"
Gung'i; intermezzo, "Forget Me Not."
Tobanl; selectlc-n, "Rlgoletto." Verdi;
Chilean dance, "Manana," Mlssud.
The transport Sheridan Is reported as
having sailed from Manila for this port
on the 15th of this month. She is bring
ing the Twenty-eighth Infantry, in
command of Colonel Sweet.
. Lieutenant Walsh, formerly of the
Philippine constabulary, has been,sen
tenced to prison for twenty years for
embezzlement and misappropriation of
public funds.
Captain Marcellus G. Spinks. paymas
ter, has been ordered to San Francisco
for duty until the latter part of Jan
uary, 1904, when he will be relieved and
will proceed on 'the transport to sail
from San Francisco on or about Feb
ruary 1, 1904.
| General and Mrs. Morris C. Foote are
at the Hotel Richelieu for the winter.
Contract Surgeon Frank E. Artaud,
now at Lake ProVldence, La., will pro
ceed to San Francisco for transporta
tion - to the Philippine Islands on the
transport to sail on or about January 1,
1904, for duty. ¦ - • ;'>' -\- ':
Edward Smith has spent the last four
nights on Market street trying to dis
pose of "phony" rings to pedestrians.
Hig industry was rewarded by his be
ing arrested for vagrancy. He told
Judge Mogan yesterday that he was
a miner from Keswick and had reached
the city with $40, which he spent. In
addition to a debilitated stomach and
a throbbing head he secured, In return
for his , money, the ring which ho was
accused of trying to barter. He was
found guilty of 'vagrancy and will be
given a sentence to-dav.
Each night will be set apart for
some special event and a varied pro
gramme will be rendered on such oc
casions. Refreshments will be served
at reasonable rates. On Christmas Eve
there will be a grand Christmas tree
for the children.
The parishioners of the Bethel M.
E. Church, 1207 Powell street, are pre
paring for a grand holiday bazaar and
fancy goods sale to taite place at the
church beginning December 21 and ex
tending to January 1. The proceeds of
the bazaar will be devoted to the
church fund and it is expected that a
large sum will be realized.
Will Open on December 21 and
Continue Till the First of
the Year.
Judge Conlan picked out four dis
reputable looking hobos from among
the drunks brought up before him yes
terday and sentenced them to six
months' terms in the County Jail. The
Judge Is a student of criminal charr
acteplstlcs and during the winter sea
son he makes it a rule to give long
terms to all those cominjy before him
who appear likely to be footnads, on
the theory that an ounce of prevention
Is worth a pound of cure.
HOLIDAY BAZAAR IN AID
OF BETHEL CHURCH FUND
Joseph McKay, who tried to hide his
identity under the name of Joseph
Murphy, came before Judge Mogan yes
terday on the charge of malicious mis
chief. He was accused of having tried
to batter down the door of a lodging
house at 256 Minna street, owned by
Mrs. Whitted. Failing in this purpose
he took a club and smashed half a
dozen windows. There was no ap
parent reason for his action, as the
landlady did not know him. He told
Judge Mogan that he had no recollec
tion of the occurrence and believed he
was temporarily deranged. Judge Mo
gan concluded that a rest cure would
do his mind good and will sentence him
to-day. McKay belongs to a famous
family of crooks and he and his brother
are now being held to the Superior
Court on the charge of highway rob
bery. Both' of them have been arrested
half a dozen times on felony charges,
but have managed to escape conviction.
The inmates of the Napa State Hos
pital for the Insane may not be as ra
tional in a general sense as their fel
low beings outside of that institution,
but on the special topic of turkey their
process of reasoning cannot be ques
tioned. Owing to the lack of funds and
the high price of birds, turkey was not
served at the Thanksgiving dinner at
the asylum in this year of grace. The
patients and the help noted the defi
ciency in the dinner. The comment took
on the form of remonstrance and there
was a disposition to hold the State ad
ministration responsible for the failure.
The subject was discussed at a meet
ing of the State Commission In Lunacy
day before yesterday, and the Commis
sioners advised Dr. Elmer E. Stone,
superintendent of the Napa Asylum,
to go ahead, regardless of expense, and
provide a bounteous supply of turkeys
for Christmas dinner at the asylum.
Dr. Stone, now having authority to ex
ceed the regular allowance in this spe
cial instance, proposes to go ahead with
preparations for the Christmas feast.
He is on the lookout for turkeys and
will capture them, dead or alive.
j The directors of the Veterans' Home
noted with some surprise that the
Thanksgiving dinner at that institu
tion cost $700, as the price of turkey
ranged from 24 to 30 cents a pound. A
proposition to go slow on preparations
for the Christmas dinner did not ap
peal to the board's sense Of piety or
patriotism. It was determined to du
plicate the Thanksgiving feast so far
as turkevs were concerned and to add
several other good things to the feast.
The Third Band, Artillery Corps, will
give Its regular concert on the Ala
meda' at 3 o'clock to-day. In the ab
sence of Armand Putz, who is the reg-
At 10 o'clock this morning- the Fif
teenth will play the Tenth Infantry,
with Gillesple and Beron a« the bat
tery, and in the afternoon at 2 o'clock
th*» great event of the week will be on,
when the visitors will cross bats with
the crack Presidio post team. Maupin
and Dosjie will be the battery for the
Fifteenth.
Manager Joe Wagner of the post
team says that as both teams are In
the best of condition' he expects. to
see a very hot game and probably one
of the most exciting that has been seen
at the post. He, however, expresses
himself as confident that his team will
'win. .. '. . „ . : ' ¦ '
i The Thirtieth Infantry are now com
fortably settled and thoroughly enjoy
ing themselves. Colonel O'Connell says
his regiment is being equipped as fast
as possible so as to be prepared for
the rigorous winter climate Into which
they are about* to go. The ; colonel Is
having a fine time visiting his old
friends and comrades, and at the game
yesterday was one of the most enthu
siastic officers on the field. .. '
BAND WILL PLAY TO-DAY.
Beron, the left fielder of the Fifteenth
Infantry, in the first of the seventh
made long throws from deep left to the
home plate. Bennett on third played
an errorless game, getting two put-outs
on very hard throws. The work of
Bankston and Henderson was first
class all through. The work of Banks
ton In critical times was all that couid
be asked of any one, although the. ball
was damp at times.
Lieutenant Elliott, who is manager
for the team, was so pleased with the
work that he took them as his guests
to the Alcazar Theater last night to
witness the military play, "The Girl
I Left Behind Me."
The target practice which has been
going on at the Presidio bluffs since
Monday was concluded, yesterday aft
ernoon. The trials were eminently sat
isfactory in every particular, and bar
ring a little fog the weather was good.
Yesterday morning Major Todd, Cap
tain Burgess and Lieutenant Covington
superintended the work. The weather
was perfect and all conditions were of
the most favorable order. All the rapid
firing guns were put into practice, and
the results meet the approval of all con
cerned. The next practice will probably
take place early in March.
Arrangements have been made by the
quartermaster's department of the
army to take from New York and San
Francisco all Christmas boxes intended
for members of either the army or the
navy serving In the Philippine Islands.
A transport will sail from New York
for Manila about December 20, and the
Thomas is scheduled to sail from San
Francisco for the Philippines on the 1st
of January. Either of these boats will
take Christmas boxes free of charge if
they are for officers or enlisted men of
the army, navy or marine corps. Each
box should be plainly addressed to the
individual for whom it Is intended, giv
ing his ship if he be in the navy, or his
regiment if he be in the army. All
boxes should be sent care of the depot
quartermaster in either New York or
San Francisco, and plainly marked,
"Christmas bcx: please forward to Phil
ippine Islands."
The^Fifteenth Infantry baseball team*
crossed bats yesterday afternoon with
the Thirteenth. Infantry, the former
winning by a score of C to 5. The play
ing was good from start to finish, and
the excellent work of the visiting team
was highly commented upon. Up to
the seventh inning the score was 4 to 1
in favor of the Thirteenth Infantry, but
in the next two innings the Fifteenth
Infantry got in and batted out enough
runs to win by a Score of 6 to 5.
TEAM DOES GOOD WORK.
a year he and his wife have been sep
arated an-1 divorce proceedings are
pending between them in the Santa
Rosa courts. He has been ordered by
the civil court to make provision for
the support of the little girl, the issue
of the marriage, but his pleas of pov
erty have sufficed to keep him from
being jailed for not complying with
the order. At the hearing of the crim
inal charge yesterday the defendant,
told of ill-health, so that he was not
able to make any money out of his real
estate business, and said that he was
compelled to borrow money to pay his
own expenses. The attorney for his
wife, the complaining witness, told the
court that when the defendant was in
Petaluma he wore diamonds, but when
he came to San Francisco he hid his
jewels. Tii<2 counsel for the defendant
branded this statement as maliciously
false and intimated that the utterer of
it was a notorious liar, any way.
"Where did you get those clothes?"
asked the special prosecutor of the de
fendant, Hargreaves explained that
their acquisition antedated the begin
ning of his matrimonial difficulties.
The attorney's eye happened to catch
sight of a low overcoat left on a chair
by the defendant. "Where did you get
that overcoat?" The defendant admit
ted that it was a recent purchase
which cost him $5. "Your Honor,"
said the special prosecutor, "this man
has money to buy overcoats for him
self, but he says he cannot keep his
little girl from going hungry. Why, on
his real estate circulars he has the
words printed 'Money to loan.' Why
doesn't he borrow some money from
himself and give it to his little girl for
proper clothing and food?" The argu
ment struck Judge Mogan as conclus
ive and he ordered the father to pungle
before Christmas on pain of going to
a dungeon cell for the holiday season.
Samuel C. Hargreaves will have to
secure $10 somehow and pay it over for
the support of his 10-year-old daughter,
Mignon, some time before Santa Claus
appears, or otherwise he will spend his
Christmas in jail. The father says it is
almost an impossible task, as he is so
steeped in poverty that, compared to
him, Lazarus might be considered a
trust magnate. But Judge Mogan has
spoken and his word is as the law of
the Medes. The judgment was ren
dered yesterday when the father ap
peared in rourt to answer to a warrant
charging nim with failure to provide
for a minor child. The defendant is
a real estato dealer at Fetaluma. For
hat which he had when brought to the
prison was missing. It was embarrass
ing, because it was the only one he had
with him, and nothing is more impair
ing to a man's dignity than to be
obliged to tread the streets without any
headgear. He spoke to the jailer, and
a thorough search for the hat was
made. ¦ It was finally found, tucked
snugly away under the waistcoat of
Herbert Wood, who had sought 'the
shelter of the prison as a lodger. Both
men were before Judge Cabaniss -yes
terday. Wood said he had no i/itention
of stealing Isaacs' hat. He was merely
introducing a variation on the old
game, "Thi'mble. thimble, who's got the
thimble." He will sleep for the next
fifteen nights in jail, but not as a vol
untary lodger.
Practice at Presidio Ends and
Firing by Big Guns Meets
All Required Conditions
Birds Must Be Had at Any
Price for Christmas Dinner
at Napa Insane Asylum
Judge Mogan Orders Hargreaves to Provide for
His Little Girl Under Pain of Spending Holi
days in Jail — Mary Hannon Has a Job at Last
TARGET TRIALS
ARE CONCLUDED
COMMISSIONERS
TALK TURKEY
MUST GIVE CHILD MONEY
BEFORE CHRISTMAS COMES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1903.
The Supreme Court has granted an
alternative writ of habeas corpus in
favor of John E. Chanler, who is held
by the Sheriff of Los Angeles as a
fugitive from justice. It is alleged that
Chanler conspired with other persons
to set fire to the Sun and Moon mine
in Southern Colorado. The prisoner
states that he was in Rollins County.
Kans., at the time the crime was com
mitted. Governor Pardee has said that
he 'would sign the necessary requisi
tion papers, but will not act until the
Supreme Court has rendered a deci
sion in the matter.
Chanler Gets Hearing.
Celiai Zeiph. who, while walking:
along Fblsom street. last June, was
knocked down by a horse driven by
Otto Laist filed a suit for $5200 dam
ages against Lalst yesterday. She says
she was permanently injured.
./a -
Worann Sues for Damages.
j calendars and art souvenirs
for the -million. Sanborn, Vail & Co. •
Mission JRebekah Lodge of the I. O.
O. F. will hold an extraordinary ses
sion in its lodgeroom in Excelsior Hall,
to-morrow night, on which occasion
one of the features will be, possibly
for the, last time by the officers for the
current-term, the initiation of a class
of candidates. 1 *-, , - .
Rebekahs to Initiate.
Kvrrytlitng In Photography.
Kodaks and cameras make U5?<*ful and
Instructive* Christmas presents. Kirk,
Geary & Co.. 112 Geary street •
11
: • ¦¦ -., ¦- - £; ¦¦¦-¦- ~. ¦_":/- ~ 'advertisements.
[ g^jj _^Mjz^) j) • j|ffl^^W/ ~-V [?8fefe^ Mothers of young girls at this period of life, or the girl herself, are earnestly invited to write ||l|
I ; fl :p-j£l86iiiO \r mmJsffizlfflrX ifflBiP*^^*^ "^^^Sllli^ rs * P ink^ am f° r advice ; all such letters are strictly confidential ; she has guided in a motherly fflft
B^J§§@KPIte 1/ /^ff^^^f J JBiiPfHVT^^^ ''^Igfww way thousands of young women ; and her advice is freely and cheerfully given. ||||
\- ¦111^^1^ Wiol fi^^y School days are danger days for American girls. Often physical collapse follows, and it takes years to recover
I Lydia.E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound 1 11
• r" d iSr ** as helped many a young girl over this critical period. With it they have gone through their trials with courage and safety. HU
i \ r^^J^B^^^^^^^^l^^^^^^^^^^^^^ jflmMtiSr With its proper use the young girl is safe from the peculiar dangers of school years and prepared for healthy womanhood. j 'S
• - h /A. ''' / ( j^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^MiWxW \, 7^^*&£z7!ffil?& * "Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — I wish to thank you for the help and benefit I "Dear Mrs. Phtkham : — I f eel it mv duty to tell all younj? women how j ' J8
• .Vl^A>^*f3/ mm^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^y^!/\\ hare received through the use of LydiaE. Pinkiiam's Vegetable Compound much Lydia E. Pinkham's wonderful Vegetable Compound has done for i^<"
' L W3r I W^s-- and Liver Pills. When I was about 17 years old I suddenly seemed to lose my me. I was completely run down, unable to attend school, and did not care for Kf;.^J
\y/A^~f'£r jffPg^MafflgflPffi rl?^ A ri 1 / *^ usual good health and vitality. Father said I studied too hard, but the doctor any kind of society, but now I feel like a new person, and have gained seven |fjK£-l
>SUB* r J&Rma WSm^T^^jf^^^^^W^^ n A d^ v\ Vl thought different and prescribed tonics, which I took by the quart without relief. pounds of flesh in three months. I recommend it to all young women who suffer pb*g?j
¦ratttliB SSaHgaJ^^§^^J^^CT^^^P^ffijfta $5m Reading one day in the paper of Mrs. Pinkham's great cures, and finding the from female weakness." — Miss Alma Pratt, Holly. Mich. Kg M
S> —^^^^^f^^^^^^^wM^^^^m^^^^ •Ht^T^'/ ham's Vegetable Compound a trial. I did not say a word to the doctor ; I Thousands of such testimonials prove that Lydia E. Pinkham's 1^4^
(P rT "?^^^^3^^^^ftP^?i^8Bwo^^^^^^^M^^^^^k \?^o' bought it myself, and took it according to directions regularly for two months, Vegetable Compound is the one sure remedy to be relied upon at SSSCT
J^^^^^^^^^SS^^^^f^^MSm^^^S^k X^L and I found that I gradually improved, and that all pains left me. and I was my this important period in a young girl's life. Look for the bottle UsSt:*
C^^^aC^^^S^^^lHB^^^P^^§^c{^^^^B\ \ \ old seli once more."— Ljuafi E. Sinclair, 17 E. 22d St., Chicago, 111. with Lydia E. Pinkham's face on it, and accept no other. V' —"I
[ HOLIDAY
Purses, Wrist
Bags,
Music Rolls.
AND OTHER LEATHER NOVELTIES.
Wrist Bars, all »ty!es and leathers — Mo-
rocco, seal and walrus — my prices, from
5Oc to ?T.OO.
Shorplnr Bagr same leathers as above.
from $3.0O to f 1O.OO.
Combination Purses ajid Card Cases and
. Letter Cases, from OOc to £5.OO.
Music Rolls large and choice variety,
91.00 up to *xn«».
Ordera by mall promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS.
F. W. PITTS, tho Stationer,
100S Market St.. Above Powell.
San Francisco.
Colds
La Grippe
Catarrh
. Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
prun?r's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. Price,
50c. and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by -
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
¦&QHBIINn
W<> or _ BEER^T i
* * 3OLD EVERYWHERE. f|
HILBEIVT MERCANTILE CO.. fl
Pacific Coast Age&ta. m
A visit DR. JORDAN'S cheat $
klUSEUH OF AHATOHY*
0 0) 10C1 JU222 - S7 - ***" S*** 0 " SLM* S
\ ICJ^ f - Th<9 Lar^er»t Anatomical. Museum ia the \
A <vr «¦ "World. Weaknesses or i.-.y rnncr*cfert n
7 ScrtSJ di S. fi v* e *+*ltl-w«lj rwrrxiny the nidc>t Y
Q |C Ml SpeciaUss on the Ccu- Eat 36 rears. O
A J]5tt» A OR. JORDAM-O'SEASES CF MEN i
\ ffffC^fk B Cornuluttcn free ».t1 «ri-t!y prirar?. \
O I iStiJili Trrtiment p?rv>n»l:j nr br Ititrr. A Q
T fl fir yl if J*o«i:ir» Cur* it» erery ;as«'j»J»rr»ytn. T
APR Ilia Write fnr B>nic. PBII.O»«PnV»f A
? fl p ¦4HM1ACK. MAILED FklL ( A Y
J\ (\ If. nimble book lot aira) \
V DK. JOBDAJf 1* CO.. 1C51 Mnrk«tSC.S. F. V
I RHEUMATISM %&*£&
Helplew. Physical and Financial coffer no looser H
For information, write SAN LUIS HOT SUL-f I
FHUB SPRINQS, SAN LUIS OBISPO, CALUMovements of Steamers.
Opposition to Will Withdrawn.
The opposition to the will of the
late J. B. Reinhardt, who died several
months ago, leaving an estate worth
$60,000 to relatives, was withdrawn
yesterday and the will was admitted
to probate. .The .opposition to * ths
document was furnished by David
Conn, who claimed that Reinhardt
was unduly influenced.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. 1 From. - |. Due.
Hero '¦ Oyster Harbcr \T)fc. IS
Leelanaw. ; Tacoma ' jDec. IS
Montara Tacoma iDec. IS
Eureka ; Hutr.boldt [Dec. 18
Umatilla J . Puget Sound Fcrts IDec. 15
G. Llndauer.. i Portland & Astoria jDec. 18
North Fork.... Humboidt IDec. 18
Arcata Coos Hay & Pt Orford-IDec. 18
Empire Oooi Bay & Pt Orford.lDcc. IS
F. Liggett. ..1 Humboidt iDee. 1*
Aztec Tacoma !Dpc. 19
Kp^ka.-.e • Humboidt |Dee. 10
Ching Wo ! Hcn^'-vonE via Manz'llo.iOec. 1!)
Tellus .Oyster Harbor ...IDec. 19
Newburg Grays Harbor iDev. l'.i
Iaqua ; Humbo'dt iDec. 19
J. Dollar* ' Seattle & Tacoma ;Dec. 20
Bonita I Newport & Way Ports.. ilJec. VO
X. Maru i china & Japan iDec. 1TJ
Sierra... Sydney & Way Ports. .IDec. 21
Oanfa chtr.a & Japan IDec. 'SI
Kamier Seattle & Whatcom iDec. 21
<.. W. Elder:. Portland & Astoria [Dec.- 21
htat-iof Cal... san Diego &. Way PortalDec. 21
Centralia Pedro.. JDec.
Del Xorte Crescent City [Dec. 21
G. Dollar Grays Harbo- IDec. i'l
Pomona Humboidt IDec. 22
™° Pt. Arena & Albion..; Dec. 22
Acapulco New York via Panama. IDee. 23
u ?S n - Puget Sound Ports |Dec. 1M
b. Monica.... Grays Harbcr |Dec. 24
Cocs Bay p^n Pedro & Way PortslDec. 24
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena. |Dec. 24
Santa Rosa... S&n . Diego -& Way Pts 'Dec. 24
On-sonlan New York jDec. 2rt
S. Barbara... Seattle & Olympia ;l>ec. 26
Columbia Portland & Astoria .Dec. :NJ
Curacao .• Mexican Ports ........ IDec 27
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma ' iDec 27
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. .1 Dec. 27
city Puebla.. Puget Pound Ports. ...» Dec. 2S
China and Japan .....,Dec. 2S
TO SAIL,.,
Steamer^ Destination. | Sails.) Pier.
— i 1 1 1_
December ie. | j
Sequoia Grays Ha.-bor. .'... .|12 m; Pier 20
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. I r» ptnjPlcr 20
San Pedro. . ! Humboldt j 10 am| Pier 2
Pomona j HumboMt v |l :^o p,i'ier a
Nevadan... Hor.o. & Kahului. .112 m|Pier XI
Abydct Jiamburg & Way..!l2 mlPler 1»
Arctic Humboidt ;] U am Pier 2
Chico Coquilie River I 6 pmiPler 2
23ecember 19. | j
Alamedn... Honolulu |U am Pier 7
San Jose... N. Y. via Panama. \12 m Pier 4U
Columbia... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Pt. Arena.. Pt. Arena & Mdcno 4 pmlPier 2
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way. 9 am|PI»r It
Rival Willapa Harbor 4~pmPier20
December 20. | .
5. ' Rosa ?nn Diego & Way. OamlPIerli
Eureka...."- Btimbnldt 0 am|Pler 13
December 21. . 1
North Fork. Humboidt ..... 5 pmiPter 20
Spokane Humbcldt ..l:30p|Pler 9
Centralia... Grays Harbcr . . . .1 4 pmfPIer 10
ArcatH Cgor U.-Pt. Orford|12 m Pier 13
December S3. I
Doric...... China & Japan.... I pmiPler ifl
1 'm Ul la... I Puect Sound Ports. 11 am'Pler •>
Empire Coos Bay direct... 1 12 m' Pier 13
• • • December 23. I ,1
G.LIndauer. Grays Harbor ....I iPler
Bonita. Newport &. Way...! 8 anj|Pier 11
Nevburg...; GrayR Hr.rbor 1 4 pratPier in
F. Legsetfj Kunjboldt "....] 4 pmlP.ier 10
¦ • . December 2-4.
J. Dollar — 1 Seattle & Tacoma. f> pm Pier 20
O. W. Klder Astcr;& & Portland. 11 am Pier
Ching Wo. . '. Hongkong
State Cal'...' San TJK-gO & Way. I) amjPier 11
Pcmo ! Pt Arena & Albion 6 pmiPier 2
December 26. 1
Barracouta. N. Y. via Panama. 12 mlPler 40
Rainier.... Seattle & Whatcom 4 pmlPier. 10
December 37. | |
Queen Piisret Sound Ports. HI amlPier 9
December 29. ¦ | . |
Alliance Eureka & .Coo?, nay] 4 pmiPier 10
¦ FROM SEATTLE. '4
Steamer. . For, ~ Sails.
CfttageCity.. Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 18
Al-Ki Skagway Vfr . Way Ports, i Deo. 20
Valencia Skagway Direct .......{Dec. 25
Farallon.. Skagway & Way Ports. 1 Dec. 2rt
Dolphin .. . Skagway & Way Ports. iDec. 28
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.lJan. 1
; : FRIDAY/, DECEMBER 18.
Sun rises .'.... 7:20 a. m.
Run set* .'.'. • ...... ..4:53 p. m.
Moon sets - 00 p. m.
2 ITimel. ITlmel - ITime ITImel
2 ./ F t. / Ft. Ft. ' Ft.
Q -IL. W| |H Wf ; (L W |H W|
18 14:241 2.0|10:40| 6.3 0:311— 0.71. ..".: ..;.. 1
H W[ L.w| ¦ H W| JL W
10 0:43 4.8 5:08 3.1 11*47 C.7 C:07— 0.7
20 -1;25 4.9 5:49 a.l 11:54 5.5 «;42 — 0.5
21 2:05 4.9 B:37 3.2 12:35 0.2 7:16—0.2"
"2 ; 2:4+ 5.0 "7:251 • 3.? l:20J-5.0 7:5lj O.l
23 3:201 5.01 R:1S| 3.2| 2:001 -4.51 S:2B|-0.4
24 I 3:51 1 5.0| 9:21] T. 3.0] 2:49| 4.1 1 9:03| 0.8
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the | tldej
the early morning tidea are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of. occurrence aa to time; the
fourth time column gives the last' tide of the
day, except when: there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs.-- The -¦ heights given are - in
addition to the foundings of. the United States
Sues Edwards for Alimony.
Teresa L. Edwards, the divorced
wife of William Edwards, a stock
broker, sued him recently for $2375
alimony accrued since November 4,
1895. Edwards was recently up be
fore Judge Hunt on an order of ex
amination, the purpose of the pro
ceeding being to find out if possible
his financial status or the reason why
h<\ has failed for so many year3 to
comply with the court order made at
the time Mrs. Edwards secured a di
vorce from him.
PACKER KIEL INHALES
ILLUMINATING GAS
Although the navy tranjport Solace teemed
to be l«aded to her full capacity when she
came down from Mure Island on Wednesday,
she yesterday took aboard a large number of
additional stores. From early morning until
late afternoon her own launches and shore
beats carrieJ merchandise frcr.i shore to eh!i>.
By 4 o'clocU. however, tihm stream of supplies
slackened and at dusk the Solace hoisted in
her boats. Lulled uii anchor ani ntarted for
sea. She takes stores and ammunition for the
fhlps of th» Asiatic squadron now at Hono
lulu. ' From the Island port fh» will proceed
to Guam and Cavlte. for each of which places
*h~ hat* suiT'li'-n and eailorr. From Cavite
she will probably i^turn to this !x>rt.
Solace Sails for Honolulu.
Th? merchant marine of Mexico is not very
large and vessels flying the fag of the south
ern r<?aublic are rarely seen in thes» waters.
The Mexican barkentine Santa Maria, which
arrived late yesterday, is the first Failing ves
sel of tha,t nationality that has entered the
Golden Gate in many months. The Santa
Maria ia a vesul of less than 400 tons bur
den and is owned by Felix Kantalller & Co.
of t^3 city. She is from Santa P.ivsalla and
Trinidad and her cargo consists of 4'X* tons of
fait and 4S0 sheepskins.
Mexican Barkentine in Port.
A Chinese sailor fell overboard yesterday
from the steamship Boric and was saved from
drowning by Chief Officer Harry Gankrogci-.
who skillfully -dropped a noose over the should
ers of the rtrugKling Celestial and pulled him
on bnard. Gaukroecr lias something of a
record a? a Kolf player, but this Is the first
time he has g!vr»n evidence of the possersion
of one of the most prized accomplishments or
the vaqucro. Those that witnessed the rescue
say the chief officer made but one throw and
that the blrht fell in a perfect circle around
the target, v.-hlch was later warmed and dried
at th* liner's galley.
Ilescucd by Chief Officer.
Frederick Kiel, a packer employed
by the United States Government at
the corner of Second and Xew Mont
gomery streets, committed suicide last
Wednesday night by inhaling illumin
ating gas at his home, 1389 Baker
street. He had been Kick for a long
time and on two former occasions had
attempted to Itill himself. At 6 o'clock
yesterday morning: his wife smelled
gas and traced.it to the room occu
pied by .her husband. The door was
locked on the inside and she was
obliged to call in Theodore Labhard
of 13? 1 Bnker street, who opened the
front window and entered the room.
Ke found Kiel in bed dead, and the
gas was escaping from a burner, trie
key of which was turned threg-quar
ters open.
The decedent was a native of Ger
many, 56 years of age.
Commits Suicide IJccause of Despond
ency Sujwrinduced by Long Con
tinued SocII of Sickness.
Two New Customs Officers.
Th? Secretary of the Treasury yes
terday authorized Customs Collector
Stralton to appoint two additional ex
aminers of merchandise from the civil
service list, whose chief duty ft shall
be to assist in the examination of
baggage. The employment of the two
additional examiners has been ren
dered necessary by the increased busi
ness of this port.
Collector Stratton reassumed the
duties of his positipn yesterday morn
ing, his health having become re
stored by his recent sojourn in Santa
Barbara.
A rock thrown bv an unknown man at a
paeslag teamster yesterday struck Ueuben Cur
ti*, uho lives at 559 Minna street, and who
at the time the ston* hit him was at Lom
bard and Kavi atreet3 loading railroad tics
on a freight car. • At the Harbor Hospital
it was found jhat the rock had fractured Cur
tis' skull. 'j he police are looking for the
thrower. Otrtl* tvaji removed to the Central
Emergency Hospital.
Missile Fractures Skull.
The American ship Susquehenna docked yes
terday at Dcale street to load ballast. She
goes from here to Honolulu to load sucar for
New York. Captain Bailey, who rerlgned
command of 'the Husquehanna to accept a po
sition with the Pacific Mail Company as third
officer of the Siberia, has bt-en succeeded by
Captain Watts. T*»e ship William P. Frye.
which is also ' chartered to take sugar from
Honolulu to New York, is loading ballast at
Fremont street.
Susquchannn's Xcw Captain.
The five-masted schooner. Snow Sc. Burgess,
bound from I'-jpct Sound for Manila, called at
Honolulu yesterday, but resumed her voyage
almost immediately. It is* thought she touched
at the island port for medical .assistance.
Touches at Honolulu.
The Overdue list.
The vessels on the overdue list are quoted
for reinsurance as follows: . Paris, 70 per cent;
La Bruyere, 15' per cent, and OHvebank, SO
per cent. ' -
NEWS OF THE OCEAX.
Matters of Interest to Marines and
Shipping Merchants.
The barkentine Irmgard returns to Honolulu
with general cargo.
Crude Oil for Hawaii.
The steamer Argyll was cleared on Wednes
day for Honolulu with 24.S00 barrels crude
oil in bulk, valued at $34,300.
The French bark La 'Tour d'Auvergne sailed
j-eeterday for Queenetown for orders, with
53.022 ctls barley, valued at $55,000, and 11.
323 ctls wheat, valued at $15,000. - The bark
also carried 7000 feet of, lumber aa dunnace,
valued at J1C3. ai!ffi«?6?M$3g3SS
Grain for Europe.
The Louisiana Company of San Fran
cisco.
ORGANIZED MAY. 1000
TO THE PUBLIC 1 .! BEWARE OF COUN
TERFEITS". AH genuine tickets of th!s com
pany have initials It. O. Co. on faces and mono
gram R G. C. on backs thereof. Following
arc the capital prises as decided by the Hondu
ras National Company, Saturday. December 11',
100.".- No C0040 wins $750l>, sold in San Fran
cisco' Cal.- No tO7Sl" wins *MV0. sold in San
Kranclfc-o. Cal.: No. «R508" wins $1000. sold in
San Francisco. Cal.: No. :!75S7 wins $5CO, sold
in San Francisxo. Cal.; No. 03C47 wins $250.
sold In San Francisco. Cal.; No. 9S313 wlna
$2.'O. sold In San Diego, Cal.
This company paid to Harry A. Grf-en, ."IT.
Pine &t.. San Francisco, and Manuel Holz. 45:;
McAllister st.. San Francisco. $7C00 fcr whole
ticket No. 43S:$1. dated November :."«. ICO.:; to
William Lewif. 18 First st.. San Francisco, for
client in Portland. Or.. $025 for one-half ticket
No. 45S(X?. same date.
All prizes of this company are paid in full
immediately on presentation at the office of the
company in San Francisco.
$10. CCO reward will be paid to any person
who has evar presented one of our prizes at our
office and was refused payment. •
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
On» hundred numbers from CO.SOO to fiCOOO.
inclusive, being Tit) numbers on each side of
the" number drawing- the capital prize of $"0.
0cft_$10.
One hundred numbers from 60731 to 60831.
Inclcsive. bein? r>O numbers on each side of
th<? number drawing the capital prize of $S00»>
¦ One hundred numbers from . 68458 to £S5Ti9,
inclusive, being 50 numbers on each side hf
the number drawing the capital prize of SlOOu
— ?10
TERMINAL PRIZES.
Nine hundred and ninety-nine numbers end
ing with 40. being the two last flgxirea of th-»
number drawing the capital prize of $C0,i;oo
— $S.
Nine hundred and ninety-nine numbers end-
Ing with SI. being the two last flsures of tha
number drawing the second capital prize oT
$SCOO— ?8.
The subscriber, having supervised th» singl*
number drawing, class M. Honduras National
Lottery Company, hereby certifies that the
above are the numbers which were thia day
drawn i\om the 10O.0OO placed In the wheel,
with the \risea corresponding to them.
Witness \iy hand at Puerto Cortez. Hondu
ras. C. A.. Xjs Saturday. December 12. 1903.
V». S. CABELL, Commissioner.
$13,CC0 FOR $1-O\E-HALF OF FIRST CAP
ITAD PRIZE.
• I am the bcr.a fide ovner of one-half ticket
No. 72SI."?. class L. of th> Honduras National
Lottery Company, the dra<.Sng of which waa
held on Saturday, November 7. 11)03. at Puerto
Cortez Honduras, C. A. Said' ticket drew th*
capital prize of $3(>;CCO. and I received the
money in full. *
.(Signed) SAMUEL RICHARDS.
42S5 Twentj--ninth St.. New Yorli t;ity.
MAX WUSTROW Notary Public.
NVw York County Witness: DAVID- %V.
DAVI3. G17 West Fourteenth St., New York
City.
$U75O FOR 25 CENTS— ONE-EIGHTH OF
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
State of New York. County of New Tork:
Personally appeared before the undersigned.
"William Spr«en. who. being duly sworn, dr
poses and ?ays that he ia the holder of one
eighth of ticket No. 7OS13 which number drcT
the capital prize of $30.CC0 in the Hondura*
National Kottery on November 7. 1903. at
Puerto Cortez. Hondura3. C. A., and he' re
ceived $-1750 In full fo» same.
• (Signed) WILLIAM SPREEN.
147 East Twenty-fourth St.. New York City.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 16tb
day of November! 1JHXJ.
WILLIAM J. RAFFERTT. Notary Public.
$3750 FOR 25 CENTS— ONE-EIGHTH OF
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
State of Pennsylvania. County of Philadelphia.
Ba it known that on the day of the dat*
hereof before ¦ me. the subscriber, a notary
public for the commonwealth of Pennsylvania,
personally appeared Louis Fudcr. who. belnjf
duly sworn, did rfmose and say that he re
sides at 2fio-l Silver street. Philadelphia. Pa.,
and that he Is the rightful owner or one
eighth of the first capital prize ticket No. 72SV:
In the Honduras National Lottery < Louisiana
State Lottery), which drawlns was held on
Saturday. Xovember 7. 1308. and hr hertby
acknowledges the nayment of said ticket in
full.
(Sljrned) LOUIS FUDEH. 2654 Silver at.
Sworn and subscribed before me thl3 Hth
day of November A. D. 10CC.
TVILL^M MEIER. Notary Public.
$10C0 FOR 25 CENTS— ONE-EIGHTH OT
SECOND CAPITAL PRIZE.
State of Missouri City of St. Louis:
Lemuel S Wells deposps and says that ha
resides at 4:120 Beck avenue. St. Louis. Mr> ,
and that he la the rightful owner of one-eighth
of ticket No. 461 « in the Honduras National
Lottery Company, which In the drawing held
at Puerto Cortez. • Honduras. C A., on batur
day November 7 190ii. drew the second capi
ta } S te>° f ISC - C ° : LEMUEL S. WELLS.
Swcrn to and eubacribed before me this lath
day of November. 1WV5. v •
CHARLES E. HANNAUER. Notary Public.
!$ n 00o' FOr. $1— ONE-HALF OF THIRD CAP
[ ITAL PRIZE.
' State of New Jersey. County of Hudson:
> Mr Charles Smith deposes and saya that
he resides at 310 Eighth street. Hoboken. N.
J and that he in the Bona tide owner of one-
I- half ticket No. 555 in the Honduras National
! Lottery Company, and which In the drawing
held on Saturday. November 1W3 at Puerto
• Cortez Honduras. C. A., drew the third capi
tal prize of S4CCO. and which he received ia
• fU Jc|,rned> -CHARLES SMITH.
Subscribed and sworn to before me thl» lTtli
#»iv nf Vovember. 1JHV1.
(Signed) LEt> NUZZO. Notary Pukha.
Shipping- Intelligence^
ARRIVED.
• Thursday. December 17.
Stmr Ceo, Kay. .Nicolion, CS huura from. San
fVaro and way Dorts. ~~. • - ' *
Sa ! n tn i)|* 5! «. nta Ko5a - Alexander, 38 hburs from
A Stmr Gaalala, Hansen. 13 hours from B-n
derg Landing.
Stmr Chclialls. Frantzon. from Redondo.
fctmr Point Arena. Miller. 14 hours from
ilendoclno.
Stmr Columbia. Doran. So hours from Port
land, via Asloria. 49 hours.
wm n ' r m 1^' "Clement*- 106 hours from
Wlllapa Harbor.
Ba S v mr Cza: i! na ' Jchr - s wn. 50 hours from Cobs
lul^^ ° iymplc - Evan? . IS daya from Hono-
Bark Andrew Welch, Drew. 20 days from!
Honolulu. j
M±X wun Panta Maria. Villa. 53 days from
bama Roaalto, via Trinidad 41 daj«.
s'tlir Ida A. Reolt. r, h-urs from Point Keyrs
Schr Henry "v»"ll«on. Johnson. 12 days from
'Grays Harbor.
Rihr Aim. Krebs. ltj'daya from Graya Har
bor.
CLEARED.
Thursday, December 17.
Stmr City of Puobla, Jepsm. Victoria and
Port Towmend; Pacific Coast t-teamshlp Co.
htmr Puir,..na. Swanson, Kureka; Pacific
Coast steamship Co.
Km>r . Centennial, Strand,'" Seattle; B T
Krusc. , ¦
O'r -tmr Abydcs. Biclendorf. Hamburg and
way uorm; J D SDreckcls & Brcs Co.
SAILED. : •
Thursday. December 17.
¦ Stmr State of California. Thomas, for San
Diego.
tnir.r Phoenix, Odla'nd. Mendocino
Httur City cf Pueblu, Jepsen, Victoria.
Stn-.r Xcyo, Johnson, Eureka and New What
com.
Stmr <;•;. in In, Hansen. M.endocino
.S;mr Chehall«, Martin, : Grays Hnrbor.
Stmr Asuncion, BridKett, Venturn.
>:tmr Greenwood, HIsrKin*. Albion River.
fciuir Pcnio. Winkel, Albion River.
r S stmr Solace, Plnger. Manila, Guam «nd
Cavlte, via Honolulu.
U S rtmr Petrel. Cappan. Panama.
• Br bark I,a Tour d'Auvergne, Franeutl for
Queenstown. : : ¦ .. - V
Hehr Jennie Stella. Hansen, for Eureka
Schr S. nedfleld. Hution. for Tacoma.'
. " ¦ ' ¦ _ SPOKEN.
Nov 22.' 11 S lat. .",5 W Ion. Fr bark Faut
connicre. hence Augun 4 for Queenstown.
PU-- «t.Tir Qz*»lr.a-ftf«u IT. ¦_•(> ihilea SE of
Point Arena, ceased «c!ir ComDeer, from As
toria, for San Francisco. '.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Dec 17. 10 p.m— Weather
clear; wirul NE. velocity 1« milts per hour.
DOMESTIC -PORTS. .
EUREKA— Sailed bee It— Stmr Alliance, for
Coos Bay. Dse 17— Stmr ¦ Pasadena, for San
Pedro. ¦ .¦' . , ¦ . , ¦ . ¦
•Arrived Dec 17— Stmr Newsboy, hence 15th;
.-atkd Der,' K— stn-.r Eureka, tor San Fran
clvo. ¦ . ' . ; ¦ ¦ ¦ .-.
SEATTLI:— Arrived Dec 17— Jap stmr Aki
Maru, from Yokohama; stmr Santa Ana, from
\ Rldcz. :
_SaiU.l Dec 17— Stmr James Dollar, for San
Pra>if.l»r«i« . V
SOUTH BEND -Arrived > Dec 17-Dktn
Gleaner, lience Deo S.- j
TACOMA— Arrived Dec 16— Stmr Hawaiian,
from Seattle. - ¦ -. •
fcuiUa iK.e IT— t-tmr- Aztec, for San Fran
cisco: . »r.hr Luzon, for San Pedro .
CRESCENT CITY— Arrived Dec 17-^Stmr
Coquille River, lieuc* Die 15. •
SAN PEDRO— Soiled Deo 16— Schr Alvena,
for Columbia River; bark Haydn". Brown, for
Columbia River; sehr Annie E .Smale, for As
toKa; schr John F Miller,- for Grays Harbor.
Dec li— Schr Expansion, for Tacoma: schr
Lmma Clnudlna. for Eureka; stmr b'an Ga
briel, fcr Eureka; stmr .Homer, for San Fran
cisco. - • ...
TATOOSir— Passed in Dec 17— Brig TV. G.
Ir win, hence Dec 12 for Rocho ' Harbor; Ger
j ehlp Adolf t from Port Los Angelee. for Port
iTownsend: bktn John Palmer., from San Pedro.
for Port Gamble;- stmr Santa' Barbarra, hence
Dec "14.- for Seattle. ..••,.- ~
lahttd tr. uei; i ,— Br ship Tinto Hill, hence
Iiodft. for Port Townsend.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Dec' 17— Schr No
k.jirds., f< r San- P«dro. ..
COOS BAY-^Salled Dec 17— Stmrs Empire
and Arcata. • for San ¦ Francisco.
.Arrived Dec- 17— Stmr Alliance, from Eu
reka, for Astoria.' , ¦». *
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Dec 17— Stmr Bruns
wick, hence Dec 1(3 ¦¦.,'¦-¦ ¦-¦>'¦ — .
PORT | BLAKELEY— Arrived , Deo 17— Br
bark Saragossa, from Lud low; schr El Dorado
hence ;Dec 2;-«chr Metror; from San Pedro. '
Sailed — Dec 17 — pr ship Sardomene «for Ade
laide; schr Mindora, for San'Pedro.
Arrived Dec 17— Schr tC2S Holmes, from
Suva, Fiji Islands, • ¦
¦ABERDEEN— Arrived Dec 17— Stmr. Acme,
henoe Dec 14: schr Marion; • from • San Pedro.
; I ORT- GAMBLE— Sailed Dec 17— Schr No
kcinls.' for- San Pedro. .¦ . ¦ .:
ASTORIA— Arrived Dec 17— Stmr Nome City,
hence Dec- 15. - ........
Sailcd-r-Deu 17— Stmrs . Despatch ( and G. C.
Llndauer. for San Francisco; bktn Addenda,
for > Redondo.- .-,.....
¦ Arrived Dec 17 — Br . atmr Indrapura, from
Hongl-.nn^. ¦ ¦ - ¦¦¦ -, ¦¦¦¦..
PORT. LUDLOW— Arrived D«c, 17— Br bark
Beech bank, -from Port Tqwnsend. ,
GRAYS .. HARBOR— Arrived . Dec, 17— Schr
' Marion, from Ean : Pedro." " " ' ' •" ,
MEXICAN BARKENTINE SAN
TA MARIA. WHICH AR
RIVED YESTERDAY.
Sisn, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and* Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Ray. Published by official authority of the
(superintendent.
NOfK.— The high and low waters cccur a:
the city frpnt (Mission-street whar/j about L'5
minutes later; than -at Kori Point: the h e , E lU
of tide is the game at both places.
Time Ball.
Branch HydroBraphlc Office. U. S. N*., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Ca«..
December 17. IOCS. *
Tii* Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped 'exactly at noon to-day —
1. e., at n<xn of the ICCth mcridlmr, or «t S p.
m., Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant LV S. N\. In charge.
The British ship Kensington, which
arrived yesterday, seventy-seven days
from Newcastle, Australia, narrowly
escaped destruction in a cyclone nine
days after starting across the Pacific.
She left Newcastle September 30, and
was fairly well treated by the weather
until latitude 31.30 south, longitude
1GS.20 east, was reached. This was on
October 9. The barometer dropped to
2S.S7 and a full-sized cyclone came tear
ing out of the northeast. The storm
continued for sixteen hours, during
which time the Kensington's deck was
filled to the rails with tumbling, surg
ing water. Two ports were washed
away and the starboard side of the
charihouse was stove In. Other damage
was done, but considering the velocity
of the gale the vessel escaped with re
markably few bruises. Fine weather
followed the cyclone and -continued
with the Kensington until she reached
this port.
Her cargo consisted of 2727 tons of
coal. Captain Borland reports that
October 3 he was in company with the
British ship Alice off Lord Howe Isl
and.
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
fign precedes the helctit. and then the number
Klven !s subtracted from the depth jrlven by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
A speedy hearing will be given in the
Superior Ccurt to the injunction pro
ceedings brought by some of the whole
sale produce dealers to restrain the
Board of Harbor Commissioners from
preventing them from doing business
on the State wharves.
The action of the Harbor Commis
sioners in revoking certain permits of
the wholesale dealers for violation of
the Woodward law is the sole matter
to be adjudicated by the courts. Presi
dent Spear of the commission said yes
terday that the matter was now in
the hands of the attorney for the
beard and a speedy settlement was
locked for.
"We do not desire to be harsh in this
matter." said President Spear, "but we
do not propose to have a lot of delay by
legal tactics. Either our action is right
or we are in th<» wrong, and we want
to know it as quickly as possible for
th*» benefit of the public."
W. H. DaviF, attorney for the Harbor
Commissioner?, paid yesterday that the
only question to be decided by the
courts waf a very simple one.
••Complaint was made to the Com
missioners," said Attorney Davis, "that
the Woodward law had been violated
by certain of the produce dealers. The
dealers were summoned to appear be
fore the board and answer to the com
plaints. They did appear and a hear
ing was given to them. The result of
that hearing was that nine of the per
mits of the dealers were revoked.
"Some of the dealers then brought
injunction proceedings before the Supe
rior Court to restrain the Commission
ers from interfering with the dealers in
doing business on the State wharves.
"The complaint of the dealers simply
charged that they had not been sum
moned to appear and had not been
given a hearing by the Commissioners,
as required by the Woodward law.
They do not attack the constitution
ality of the law.
"We have filed our answer to the in
junction proceedings, and claim that
the dealers were duly summoned and
piven a hearing. The matter can be de
cided by the courts in an hour.
"I have arranged with Attorney J. B.
Reinstein. who represents the dealers,
to meet Superior Judge Sloss next Sat
urday morning and ask the Judge to
pet a date for the hearing of the pro
ceedings. If Judge Sloss finds his cal
endar is too crowded I will ask the
Presiding Judge of the Superior Court
to assign the cause to another court.
"I hope that the matter can be taken
up in the course of the coming week,
so that we can get a speedy decision."
L. G. Sresovich of the L. R. Srcso
vich Company stated yesterday that his
firm had been misrepresented In the
proceedings before the Harbor Commis
sioners.
"I have a permit from the board,"
said Sresovich, "but I have not done
business on the wharves for many
years. Personally I do not care for the
permit, and if the Commissioners de-
Eire to revoke it they can do so. I
don't care for it anyway." ,
~ The funeral of the late Dr. Jchn Wes
ley Hamilton took place yesterday at
Odd Fellows' Cemetery,' when- a large
number of the deceased's friends gath
ered to pay their last respect?.
The,. chapel was crowded with men
and women of the profession
and of private life, ami th.^ eulogies
delivered were deep in admiration of
the departed.
In Dr. Hamilton's will is the sentence:
"I am a believer in God and immortal
life," and the words of Rev. Jay Wil
liam Hudson, pastor of the Second
Unitarian Church, who read the ser
vice, were in sympathy with the belief
of the dead.
The service began with Rev. Mr.
Hudson reading Ingersoll's "Address at
a Child's Grave," following which the
reverend gentleman read passages from
the New Testament, and before the
committal spoke of the clnsms sen
tence in the late Dr. Hamilton'.* will in
which he declared his belief in God
and tha future life.
Miss ZIta Fahey then rendered "Lead,
Kindly Light," and then Dr. D. Maclean
delivered a beautiful eulogy, raying in
part:
"Dr. Hamilton will be missed from
that institution he so much honorsd.
He had the confidence of his associates
and the love and respect of his stu
dents. He was a forceful teacher,
capable of expressing his thyushts in
vigorous language and Imparting hs
ripe and ever maturing knowledge and
experience. The Creator creatod great
er men, but never a better man.*'
Miss Fahey sang the beautiful hymn.
"Nearer My God to Thee." vli>6 H. M.
Owens voiced feeling sentlmc-nts.of re
gard for the departed..
Mr. Owens said that they had as
sembled, associates, friends and stu
dents, to pay the last and solemn du
ties they owed their friend. The Cali
fornia Medical College had been one of
his cherished children from its incep
tion. In his career as a physician Dr.
Hamilton was distinguished by his k<?£n
wit, a bright and vigorous style and a
bright range of subjects. His ability
was appreciated by a wid? circie of'pa
tients, friends and colaborers. No man
who ever went to Dr. John Wesley
Hamilton naked but that he clothed
him, hungry but that he gave him food;
thirsty but what he gave him drink.
No student ever had to forego the
pleasure of graduating on account of
being behind in his fees, for Dr. Ham
ilton ever held out a helping haod.
Mrs. Hamilton>. widow of Dr. Ham
ilton, and Mrs. Dr. M. V. Higgins, the
doctor's daughter, were present at the
services at the cemetery.
The pallbearers were the following
students of the California Medical Col
lege: C. A. Hascall, W. S. Bryon, \V.
W. Wimer. J. F. Traveres. Walter
Cheeney. J. Higgins. W. J. Lawrence,
George Grunwell. The entire faculty
acted as honorary pallbearers-.
Plaint of Produce Dealers to
Be Set for Arguments in
Course of the Next Few Days
Medical Students Act as Pali
bearers and Entire Faculty
Perform Honorary Offices
DISPUTE IS SIMPLE ONE
EULOGIES ARE DELIVERED
Harbor Commissioners Desire
Decision on Injunction Pro
ceedings Without Any Delay
Many at Last Sad Bites Over
the Remains of Unfortunate
Dr. John AVesley Hamilton
Storm Continues for Sixteen Hours, During W^ of
Which Time the Windjammer's Decks Ar^vlfilled to
Rail With Surging Watier That Does Much Damage
WILL REQUEST
QUICK HEARING
SHOW RESPECT
FOR DEPARTED
BRITISH SHIP KENSINGTON
WEATHERS HEAVY TYPHOON
ISL.AND PORTS.' '^ i' ; ' I
HONOLULU — Arrived Dec IC — U S Jtmr j
Kentucky from China: U S stmr Wisconsin, ;
from China: U S stmr Oregon, from China. !
Arrived iJee IT— Schr tinuvv & IJurgess. irom '
Puget Sound, for Manila. • |
Sailed Dec 17— Schr tsnow & Burgess, for
Manila; stnsr Ventura, for Sydney. -
EASTERN'- PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec 17— Stmr Texan, j
for fc'an Francisco. • i
• FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Dec S^Jap stmr j
Kapa Maru. from Seattle. • . . «.¦-¦¦,-»
COLON— Arrived Dec 15— Stmr AUlanea, •
from New York.
Sailed— Dec 15— Stmr Seguranca. for New
DEAL — Passed Dec 10 — Br ship Celti= Mon- i
arch from London, for Vancouver. j
HONGKONG— Sailed Dec 16— Br star Era- j
press of Japan, for Vancouver.
SANTA ROSALIA— Sailed Dec 1— Ger ship I
Adelaide,, for Eureka. Cal. : (
LONDON— Sailed L>ec 17— Ger etmr Amasls, *
for San ¦ Francisco. j
Arrived Dec 17 — Br stmr Machaon, from Ta-
MOJI — Sailed Dec 17 — Br atmr Longships, J
1 for San Francisco. j
OCEAN STEAMERS. .. j
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec 17— Stmr La Sa- j
vole, for Havre.
< GENOA— Arrived Dec 17— Stmr Heaperla.
from New York, via Naplfs. • '
CHERBOURG — Sailed Dec 16— Stmr Kron- j
prlnz Wilhelm. from Bremen, for New York, f
• QUEEXSTOWN — Sailed Dec IT— Stmr Ced- (
rlc. from - Liverpool, for New '.York. 1 ' '
¦* LONDON— Sailed Dec 17— Stmr Mlnaehaha,
for New York.
- 1
Toilet cases In buckhorn. celluloid and
leather, handsomest line ever. Sanbo'rn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market st. *
¦ " • . . /- ' •
NUMBERS
- — OF THE- —
Honduras National Lottery Co.
(LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY).
PATENT APPLIED FOR.
Single Number Class "M,", Drawn at
Puerto C'ortez, Jlontlurns, C. A.,
Saturday, Dcvcmbcr 12, 1003.
No. Prize. I No. Prlxe.lNo. Pr!z*.
6*5811....; IMCC96S 1<>[«<»71 40
rroi:; i««7i."fi 2*167222 "4
67245..... 24IH7M7 1« 1 «7453 l«
875K8..... lG|h7»J«>7 2*187*91 \,;
87702 1C67779 16I67S33 «»
67JM5.".... 40 X.SUJ1 2t!eS0i<0 is
f*Ot» ' 1U|««X>O 2*163130 40
tStffSSt 40.ICS401 24Jcj>t3OS in
ZSZC* 400OJCS5S7 16jt*H<i»; i«
• ;xni:» 4OJCKPG lit8MlS -x
KS.S19 40 *i.v>7ti lrt,fiJ>i>5«. .. to
&>w> 4<»:«ons.-> iis'i:n.-^o i-» f ,
60372 16|*WtJO7 l6i«J702 i«
«97t:7 24!»a>70« 16JO824 tg
«aS.". r » M>,«tfMS» '.'4 K0930 so
*S«>71..... It5ii;i)99l l«i701*a> 40
70557 l«j»U575 24170837 »4
7"041 2470972 16170000 is
7OBU3 l*!!71022 16 71CS5 \r,
712rt> 24, 7 121 « -J4!7t28« Jo
M»2 1H7H4B 1671544 SO
7157 iftTitiOt ;;•..-. 24171631 2»
•1^ *O(71«a..-.., 40I71KO4 IK
7l00. r , It1721!»7....! I«J7228a SO
72274..... 2*J72ttO0 4W727H 24
J»e in;7:«2o 2*|rao8i 40
I-i'j? i»:t:u.ii idTxiTa 40
i'-'i-' US?** 8 I«!74O12 40
l*g* iS2tIS 24174177 4.»
I*~i 40,42.^ 1HJ74278 18
L*-?*?, ' l ji t " ><> 40I7442K 1«
ijiZ: lr\-\i\i 21174498 =t
I^J* JSZS? 120}7*a«« 1«
• 43M 10 7.VU«; 4->i>'7-,o7» "»
75110 1«'7.M1S.... 4OI7MV! !«
• 51 w l20i»i45.: OBitsma n t
757SK5 24,75.tW:.... ? t ,l i: v4.«.a -"I
7«000 40,7«1.U 24n«3R3 4r»
!'!£; iV'i'ilJ 21I7H3S8 24
»l>U>0 -M|iM (l !) K5 7KXO7 "1
7WSO K7CU9* 6 : 770iQ «4
•|^ ::::: leiHS!::!:: «i
~l-''o 40(77321 12f>7734g «,.
77363 40!77C53 2t 77esi \r
77»i:; sefrseaa 4o.Uc74 lo
•3-T5 ,S0.7«M16 40J7S580 T«
««52 40 73671 217^3 '. i"' {«
•8749 1878S27 l«.7«05«. . . 120
79009 1«)7»1J>2 1HI7W42 C>
70613 24I79W1 V|«7»7»!!"! K
79827 l*i|7».SB7 4«!7n»ns ' s. (
7SWS2 40179044 IB H01<5n \
8028* I«!sa;i7 1 81X0424 si»
M502 wsoees 4o;sc«73 i«
«.8S»». .^ . . 1 •; 'S07P5 40, SftKS ' " M
SOSCSJ 18JKCS50 24|JW8« ' »J
8I0WJ 1C1S1103 4OW11.T8 "J f>
81150 2*1X1209 2*f81473 . . to
S1«SO 2*K18C9 40>1S3rt .... -t
82111 40 S21W 80IJC2O.'.... 21
ST.14X 12O«247« l«i*2567 si*
S2t;X8 4f»:«2!»0.'> 24I83O34 16
N-tiCI 120 M.:ivs> I2OI83233 .. 21
85318 I6!S333S W^rtKJ 21
835C7 1VJSWI2 2I|S3SC7 1«
83832 tSIKBtTO 40I83SI70 18
MKi'M) I«|St267 24184310 n»
M392 24!8**83 2*18*340 SI
84708 it;!sl727..... 2118*730 »it
84953 1»; r S30t?5 40(85208 24
8o«>25 16185686 241S34S9N m
85704 l€iS2804 4Ot83OO8 21
S3n3!) I6jitei23 2*186504 V>
86313 40)8<312 2*!S6641 1«
sw«ri> iKSttsca I8|s8823 i»;
8t*S«4 21^6921 1C18C008 2t
87073.'/..; 2*187078 24187083 Ifl
871.'t9 l»;'.s7."40 24S7422 18
S7tT.!)-. 4'>!<t77iJ7 16.877*3 Id
877*8 80)97809 si: S7313 24
ISuVUSd 80(8819* Ifl
SSIOC l«!.SS2t:j. . ... 8Q18M342 .... «'»
FS!SS 21ISS750 10VCI21..... ii!
, $i#j*>X 80188071 Htt'Sftirf! If.
S02«»; 24|sa:74 4oT803S3 21
804iS 1CI8S823 * 24<OS:{.-, i»;
83H48 It" S0063 24 ' 8806* HI
SC038 16(90111 2410C2S.1 21
1 00323 1CI90S20 16)90603 Ml
,00618 1«1oo»:tu n;:»<)s.s;> n;
J»110S 1B.:>1147 21(91189 18
P1218 24191247 2191249 12"
91312 4019131* 4CI91363 1<;
91390 8GI01893 24191*78 18
91830 21|'J18:C7 2l01Oi; n:
; »17::i 4091777 40192049 .... Ifl
92r90 16192008 16)92134 . Hi
\ 92168 2*192213 2JI823O4 1«
»2r:&S t « ' 3SI73 40 92333 ' 8O
L92802 » I6J92611 16KI2e89 # Jt
, 92SO» 24URI33 l«,r>;:!99 11;
93211 16I93275 40(9333* SO
93372 2*!93*12 169(1*61 24
I 93517 40)92326 4D"j.'' > 5.S.T SO
: o.asi> 16 05881 m;;t:t8i.'i 120
; asssi i»;aTS4.-: . sn<r-s72 n;
1 K.syS SO 3.;;rJ2 24!U":970 .... 1«
[ JMC5J I6J94127 SdlVU20 18
[Wlffl 2404203 1M. 94454 Hi
[9-1*39 2 i 94479 10 344ST. 4O
SM513 jo;»4ir:o >sith 4«>
! 94738 1619*783 80)0*871 4i>
05IM7 ir.00 or.Usr, 24i'.)52Sl 21
ft">477 2*195720 . 24J820M it;
«<»«:; it;f»<;i2i l«S62C0 la
»t2H!4 ltt'OtSlO . 4O|96339 1«
0B540 4OI98C04 16)S8«2^ 16
9»~UO 40I9RS76 4OI97013 24
971*6 40(07150 21,07153 16
;»72T»7..... lK!t7Xr. 2!9741« 21
074.^4 l«07i:23 4O!U7«53 1(1
97(83 4O;»7bS8 S4I97SQ3 Ifl
97S59 I6J97S78 ' 24 97910 2»
070:» ltCUKIKSl 18-OSO55 ]«
UHOSO l«|fi»2ta> NO'UWTM. .... .!«
03343 l(X0l!K«415 1«,08oll 1«
9SB0O IMiiWiBUS 24I0SMS4 fUt
¦JX7«)9 40)98753 24)98786 4(»
98883 24 9S9fso 16I9BG23 24
99072..... 16IS9C82 40!OOC»»; 1R
99.1CS IH'00-US 18)90330 1«
91M02 40 9040^ 40:09433 lrt
00»J20 faiOMSA S4996TI Ifl
99KS9 ;l«!na7w; 12lkM9R00 lrt
99S20 4OiflOS2!> ltiiOJWSO 4'»
99N97 SOOOOt'6 24IU09S7 16
¦••¦• - " .
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, 3-RIDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1903.
12
.- —
' S K rrizo.I- Nu. rrise.l-Np. Priz*
lid ' iM. iv> , lot 1W *?.
14.. lo, bvt ! 101 ;wt> -i
4.u 1-1)1 4.^ l»l ;*" *JJ
,,, „,, ¦fwl 40',' fcW lb
?&::::: t« V™::::: «h f
1104 24|li« l«llS*l JJ
l^iti lolfliM 4in w *«
15M) I'n ia.;5 1011-43 ijr
2Wt 24|«^3 1«1 —^« . i$
is«.u i<>. smmw it; stet -*
a«! »0| lt>i -•»«"» *Vj
aij.,0..... lot aw* it,, ,«,^s..... 40
sttd ifi 5C-1* if! sea* «J
y.53..'... loiT.MT..... 24|K*1» Ib,
3i« l«l o.H44 «| 3tt» . • «M
47»7 to; istA.... -'*!«» -*
4951 401 .WIl W\ 5«tf 1M
KW1 2*1 MZtt .JOI 3oJ* !«'
0&« 1«| 8*15 1<*I 5H10 JsW
¦ 5V72 1«| 5!i7« 2li COb- -*
Sm . i« «is<) s*j cat ™>.
(.1*7...!. •••l[.«»34 *0l U*J5 -*j
7-»5 1»| 7:i4S B*| WM -* i
- „.- .. ». riji; i40J ¦" •
7^::::: iH.-iik::.: m!wm »
SOU stt.j su-24 2*1 »-5«5 4»
SJSl! 1 ! ! . 8«| 8C0J 2*1 80** -* j
>3i« .... 24 au» sol 'sag r*
IKSSO 2*t : 0Tl« 40, 1».1» }«
Visit Jt.WKI 10,10172 J«l
lt*» »* t lC2b-u soi«e:«« i«:
I«5t 24 1MW7 24|1C7O4 24 j
107«7*ir 16 1677? 1«|1«*M 12»
ie.su..... 120 ions FUSS it
mas soiiuM lHiiir-'o -*
ll.MI I«1WU8 l«iU4S0 ljjj
11540 2*111374 2JIH6-J5..... 1«» ,
111-.TU 1KI117W 40jll»l| *J>i
lji'sy si»jt_MOl -•»]
t-tC1 2*!i£t«2 24112*70 -* !
r_>l!,S l«|!2«*0 8C»12S0tf £*j
!:y;.>4 4^W127 lil!3X89 2*!
1*W1 2*13*77 "I 13 ?"
I.:<i77..... 24113SI2 40 13302 JO-
M«1O MOilHilt) 18 14121 J«!
11I.J7 401*201) 1«!141-J. V . 16;
14!.i:: li! 14345 16!14o97 -4 |
14ST2 IB 1*957 24115014 J«l
1.-07-.;.... wiscsi i«!i3ts«> }«
152tK{ 2*15*27 4OUMW J^ |
1553* 80IW44 211155M 4Cft ,
15Tli)>!!- 2li:.73!» SO15S*2 ;"» I
insV,s ?«iiei»! 2i;i«3.-.7...... *<>[
nn47 WM6SS3 2*|163C6 2*
JC5C0 161««K> 1«1CTC7 2*
nv... sciics:-' i«i«w3 *»j
172«» 1«17?2S HUi.Ut. 40j
17627 Sftjt'Sn »
J7!)17!.... 12O'tK!18 2|tl$200 W
1S».« 1ollSS2M 1&18507 *« j
l*B«iM"\ 24I18.-K1* 2II18WD7 1« j
1>«W H;i1Si.M 16110312 Z*|
1j;2H I6lt»41» 24 1O4W 1»
I«fl3 16I1W53 1610T17 M
tDTTO .. l«t1«S6* 40ll90ffl W
"(fit. ... 24l2<WW R0I20R33 4O
sang 2*120479 2*t2O77n JJ
StttTO.vM" J ini21041 40 210t'» 1«
21C5.1 4C1210B0 "Viwr. 1«!
«1i;:i ... ;4'211'.)."i K. 21-172 V*\
2i*«i :vMi i«m*90 wjiwo w
"ITT/t 1i''M7.-,?) .. 40*21791 4<>
;»::::: wi-iniT.i.v: i«wm2 *l\
220tt 1«I221«W 10;-.»21.-* 40 1
2lfiO ... ?*1KTO4 1«I22X» !•;
2?:n».« 12O»22«17 L'4227^ =4
•..> T! .> 4W22S102 4"-J.*sU. 1» I
2»12"!r! . 24I2TMKM 40 2.^^4 24
2:;ias WJint<H 24 JEST] J«
m« ii-"t.!H; ?0?2!B77 40
.V: 4 o (> i,i-»:i!»i -j4-j:;s->s IBj
sSis!!;:! ici2*02«i *2S*!!5 J2l
•ua<Jo ¦'"! SU21C71 1(;i-.»i.:':fi..... 1«|
"J7nr» " .. inl24«ifi i«'2«ocr- 2*
2Joeoi 16>249KI 16! .__, ...
.>--,- 1AI2S10R 4W25178 1J«
5^07 4i)i-'.-.722 ... WH25903 24
•*.;•-.>•>; ;'.!! lC!2«22n 2V2fi281 1«
{'act. .... it;!2.2»r.« 48 27OM *o
STOW 2t! rt 7n7f> 24 iTIR -J
•»74 V 2?27T02 24I277H 24 .
r,^\ 40! ¦!•««.-» 24;2SI»7 40 .
•«OOi> 1 BI20W7 IK 2ftf^ l« j
20123 .... H2WOT ltija.-.oi W
wsw.K: 4flt?j»so r«:.Tois» 24
rji".-.- . RO53CT7* wtwwa |:
90173;. M i«!«»S «
••isu» i«;inos-j7 24::k»w i« :
0M.W 18(31150 i«
stsab . woifoa iaisi720 so
fS sdrsiio 40o!327Jt2 Sf j
xsaa'.'.Y.: 2*1331*3 W SKI2 VA\
TOSS . SO xr;c.t 24B345W 4O ,
gjgrii: Si «S|
HI: l^S:;!!! SSi : S|
Eli Si S|;i ;
&g?M V&&&, - ; - ?::::: §
S5C12 4O>35«0O I *I 3 ?I55 lli
T5.vo5 JSflrfX-JVO I«."mV52S «>
n504o! wi-Kors i^n^pis ; (
ben* scr..K5r. «»: : ««~ ;J5
SC023 24!: > .ii7r.: M-T6745 ' J»
: ±; \ 4( ; -'tr»i7 .. w>bb961 i»» i
37^: :^: MOWg g
SJW04 IB MOW .^.,t;-- »vi
•!«-Q«i l°0 'WTZ! lbi-TSR<!3 -4
S SSo!:::: -isiwoi 2* - s
g&42 .HIIS9M1 4f»!.r'. : .S9 24
S :::: ; :;;;js::::: apsfcH s
Hi S!J!S::::: U.S::::: S
Tj^ 40i*221« 24142231 SO
t-«tii'""'! I«t423fifl I«|*2*38 1«
}.-.j~j lc!t2«K1 (W420M 1«
4 ,-'\l---- vfi£m iw*icm 40
|.:Y-- it;'4-"tt:4 ... 2*1*3*1 1«
hli', V.'tV4:U4i >!.... 40I4-.4.-S 40
1-MJ11 n-.ir.7or. ?*te? ?«
\;fj «»I44H« 2*l**151 IB
"K: 2414*220 R0!**42S 2»
"!;,', votircuo 40:*4«07 1M
II 111 p 1
II ipi ?ggi
S :::: Ilii:! 55Jfe :: S
£3:;i?i SluSStg:! S«« j*
?234 5 2*»S012* 2*
m»?:;ri-: wm i*™?. 'i*\
Sv*M*;I:! RBiWW . JJWM 4 »r
iiftV'O 2H5C013 H : ..1205 . lto
*,-;r-, few*** 40151712 24
•J f:.',' «»I517T.7 24|ni8S.1 sot
V^- 7 WM322IH 16!32410 40
-.-„!:-, lr/ssoos Missus* .40
V"f,f. 1«'.-.:?I44 l«[5327a 4i>
{r-SS iffUBSV** 40153801 1« i
j5|l, ?4irrft«0 40154407 10
St-3 WI531W4 HI 35131 40
rtS^J 4OI.V.712 24IR5741 4.1
rSc«!I !! '18I3W51 11WWWWR 1«
B7nS»"-"vi-J *0»7V» T«t57l3S 1G
' -.74'i : »" 8C!57»J25 1fi'S7O13 1«
! -.7frV" " ' ' 24I3KQ22 S0J5S1 V* 1 C.
SS1S4" 1«|5fMC7 24'3846S 1O
! ".S-.'ir. 2H5R.V>4 24'3S»5;i Ifi
1 TJ»U(\ 16IWWH0 x 16la«S77 24 I
[ POilft. ... l«l'ift1S4.V... 1«1SJK17» 24
5ft4i rt " .. 1CP0307 ::::; 40:50590 40
1 59760*! .. R0I5OR17 24I5OS«1 nj
;h<KlfiO .1«i«0117 4O'WS242 SO
I rO.-v45 1 «! Wi«24 40|C(HM.-. 121>
¦ «rvf>7 . 1 GIHOTSI 800f.!OC024 ; . 24
• (iOIMO 3tO!!CHiOl>ll 24I«121O SO
«lj»4:: 1RHi1427 lA!Gt5ft3 24
1 sir.is so:«il«72 ifilr.uan i«
|fi1758 1«li;i«« 24!raCC.1 •*
ifclM SOKUISfl..... lfi!fi21HS 24
itTSSm 24IK24W* 24|»;2542 It}
,<a.™7 *n!«er»70 4010:11 2»
1 <S7'.»2..... 1HIK2701 "1BIK52O1. '....¦. 1 24
KSI18; 2IICra>7 16!(7M«W 12rt
KWA 24t(nr>S0..... V24ICTM77 ' 1«
V^'Xi . 1MIKT74S .-IKitCOLI 1«
64i:«5 lClMltM 4C|«43Cr> .".... 16
! (M.VKi. .... 24I«4«1 1 . 1«!M«20 24
; B*S03 40|K»!HC»: . . . lfi«4f»52 1G
I (i.V;2::.. ... lftitSSiUS H?«524t ;";.'.; 16
! C54"« 4OilC>3.14.:... IBifniMS.... J«
f.6.VH;s. . . . . Hi|r N >«M.' 4fMtf57Rl ..... .- 1«
M*'.7Mi 24 :i»7»4 iei«i!V41 jo
• onoso. ;.•;•. 24ir«n»w ikjkmirs '"4
,«fi1!«.' 4»;«-.fi277..... . ICIKfiTHH;. 24
66143..... .1CIGUMS 1616CS06. .... 18
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Eczema
Salt Rheum, Ringworm, Itch,
Acne or other skin troubles,
promptly relieved and cured by
This scientific germiddenhich
is harmless, cures by killing
disease germs. Used and
endorsed by the medical
profession everywhere. Sold -
by leading druggists. If not
at yours, send 25 cents for a
trial bottle. The genuine bears
my signature. Accept no ,
substitutes. Address
met- /Valuable Boofal* t on th*STOCK MARKET.
SEATTLE, Dec. 17.— Clearings, $654,125;
balances. $129,168. - ¦ ¦
TACOMA. Dec. 17.— Clearings, $413,131;
balances. $11,218. - !
PORTLAND. Dec. 17.— Clearings. $004, 1GJ;
balances. $58,331.
SPOKANE. Dec. 17. — Clearings, $306,200;
balances. $61,868.
Northern Business.
NEW YORK. Dec. 17. — The cotton market
opened etrong at an advance of 18@27 points
on excited covering and bullish support, fol
lowing a sensational advance In Liverpool. The
market closed at nearly the top figure at a
net gain of 2@4 points.
New York Cotton Market.
FOR THURSDAY. DECEMBER 17.
Flour qr ska . . 19.47.Tf Chicory, bbls ;. 25
Wheat ctls .... 1.740 Pelts, No. ..... 90
Barley! ctls .... 125 Hides. No. ... . 4RI
Oats ctls 'i; ... '¦ 9^7 Sugar, ctls ...; 2,000
Corn' ctls fiofl Raisins, bxs .. 610
Beans sks .... 37«rQ.ulP k 9 nver . flfcg 67
Potatoes sks... 2,200 Lime, bbls 500
Onions, sks ..... 40i Leather, rolls .. 94
Bran sks ..... .110 Wine gala .... 74.300
Middlings sks.. 540 Brandy, irals .. 1,500
Hay tors ..... 310 Tallow, ctls ... 10
Hops, bales ... 112 Powder, cars ..4
Flaxseed. sks .. 74
Receipts of Produce.
ST. LOUIS. Dec. 17.— Wool. dull, with tend
ency lower but unchanged; medium grades,
combing and clothing. 17«2mc; light fine. 15
017%c; heavy fine. 12®14V5c; tub washed, 20
®31c.
St. Louis Wool Market.
Another decline In Butter Is noted. Most
dealers are carrying larger stocks than for a
long time and are exceedingly anxious to
sell. There Is a rush to get out of storage
goods which loads holders to cut quotations
right 'and left. A good deal of this storage
Butter Is being sold at cost and even under,
and It is said that a large line will be carried
over. The conditions In these storage goods
are very different from those last year at this
time, when cubes were so scarce that retailers
were buying" from each other to keep In stock.
Briefly the whole Butter market is depressed
and In bad shape for sellers.
There Is nothing new In Cheese. •
• Eggs are off again, with continually In
creasing supplies. Posted- buyers can easily
get concessions and the market is very weak.
¦ Receipts were 25,000 lbs Butter. 625 cases
Eggs and 34,500 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery. 26c for. extras and 22®
24c for seconds; dairy, 18@24c; store Butter,
17 We; cold storage. 21@23o per lb. ,
CHEESE: — 12©12%c for the general market,
13c for ¦ select mild new and 11®11% C for
lower grades; Young Americas. 13©14c; East
ern inU,fllSU,c:. Western. ;14@15c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 40@42»Ac for choice and 35®
37V4c for small and mixed colors; store, 35c;
.cold storage, 28®32%c;- Eastern. 26@30c for
cold storage. T
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO. Dec. 17. — CATTLE: — Receipts,
10 COO- Western, slow, steady. C-ood to prime
steers, $4 90<gr> 75; poor to medium, $3@4 50;
stockers and feeders. $4 75«3 00; cows, $1 25©
3 90- heifers. $1 75«3 <5; canners. $1 25®
2 30 : bulls. $1 7504 15: calves. «2@5 75.
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 3S.000; to-morrow,
30 000- mixed and butchers'. $1 4( 1 « < 05: good
to choice heavy. $4 50W4 f.O; rough heavy,
$4 25S4 50; light, $4 20<g4 65; bulk of sales,
J I 45@4 55.
SHEEP— Receipts. 14.000. Sheep, steady to
10c higher. Lambs, steady. Good to choice
wethers. $3 C0©4; fair to choice mixed. $2 75®
3 50; Western oheep. %2 75«?4; native lambs,
$4<8C; Western lambs, $4@5 30.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
Another car of AVestern Poultry was mar
keted, making the fifth for the week, but the
market ruled firm, as retailers were stocking
up for the holiday trade. Receipts of dtessd
Turkeys were- light and ad the demand was
fair prices wcr« a little firmer. Live TurlTeya
were a little lower, but cleaned up well.
Receipts of Game were much lighter than
on the preceding day and, consisted chiefly of
Hare, which were Quoted lower. The demand
for Ducks was brisk and there was a general
advance In prices.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys 20@23c per lb;
live Turkeys 18@21c per lb; Geese, per pair,
$1 75@2; Goslings, $21i2 25; Ducks. $5 5008 50
per dozen for old and $0 50^7 50 for youn?;
Hens. $4 50® 5 50 for small and C&7 :<t !:*rye;
young Roosters, $5®C: old Roosters;. ?4 Ra«f5 r,0;
Fryers, $4® 4 50; Broilers. $104 50 for large
and $3(33 50 for small: Pigeons. $101 25 per
doacn for old and *2®2 25 for Snuaba.
GAME— Mallard Ducks. $3©3 50 per d2Z?n;
Canvasback .$:$@4; Sprig $2©2 50; Teal. $1 50
(fil 75' Widgeon, $1 5001 75; small Ducks.
$1250150: Gray Geefe. $3; White Geese, $1©
1 50. Brant $1 25 for small and $2 for large;
Honkers $5 for large and $4 for small; Eng
lish Snipe. $3; common Snipe. $1 75; Wild
Doves $1 25: Rabbits. *2 for Cottontails and
$1 25 for Brush; Hare. $1 25.
Poultry and Game.
NEW YORK. Dec. 17. — Tin experienced a
shar;> reaction in the London market to-day,
losing about £2. with spot closing at £125 10a
and futures at £12»> 10s. Locally tin was in
fluenced by the decline abroad and closed at a
nominal loss of about %. with spot quoted at
$27 50.
Copper declined 2s Cd In London to £57 2a
fid for spot and £50 15s for futures. Locally
copper was steady. Lake. $12 37HSJ12 02 #:
electrolytic. $12 25<Jfl2 50; casting. $12 12V4®
12 37%.
Lead declined Is 3d In London, closing at £11
Ss. The local market, however, was un
changed with small parcels quoted at $4 37V
on ejfot." while fifty-ton lots Btlll'held at $4 25.
Spelter Advanced 2s Od in London to £21
10s. but remained unchanged here at $5 25 ior
lobbing lots of store and at $4 75 to arrive.
Jron Closed at 4Ss Od In Glasgow and at 41s
7V,a in Mlddlcsboro. Locally Iron was un
changed. No. 1 foundry. Northern. $15@16;
No 2 foundry. Northern, $14@15; No. 1 foun
dry Southern and No. 1 foundry. Southern,
soft. $13 50014.
Nczv York Metal Market.
CANNED SALMON— Alaskan Reds are
variously quoted at $1 20®l 30- the latter be
fng the nssoclatlon rric* 1 . Plaits are held at
50c by the association, but WitsMe packers
are askintr over this quotation. The market
continues <lull. ' *
COFFEE — In firm, with Increasing scarcity
of choice, grades. According to a renort from
Brartstreet a coffee crop of 13.00,000 to 15.
000.000 baps had been estimated for this year,
biit those best Informed In th<» trade now es
timate this crop at 11.rtf0.000 ba«s. Th» n«n
of 1901-02 was 15.500,000 bags, that of 1902-03
was. 12, CCO. 000 bags.
BAGS— Grain Bags, &©5»£c; San Quentln,
B.r»5c: Wool Bags, 324S35C ; Fleece Twine,
7^®8c.
COALr— Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
lington. fS: ScatUe, $G 50; Brjant, $6 50; Bea
ver Mill. $5 o0: Standard. $7: Roslyn. $7;
Ccos Bay. ?5 50; Oreta. $7: Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond; ?7 M); Cumberland. 813 In bulk and
|14 2r> In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump,
$11 50; Cannel. *S 50 per ton; Coke. $11 60iJ#
13 per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 SO per long ton. according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are fcr barrels; for cases,
add 5c. Linso.-d. 45c per gallon for boiled and
41e for raw; Castor OH. In cases. No. 1. 70c:
Bakers' AA. ?1 10<??l 12: Lucol. 44c for boiled
and 42c'for raw; China Nut, . r iSS70c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil. in barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 53c
for Australian: extra blenched winter Sperm
OH. 80c: natural winter Soerm Oil. 73c; extra
bleached. winter Whale Oil, »jric: natural Whale
OH. COc: extra winter Strained Lard Oil. 8Sc:
No. 1 Lard Oil, 7."c; pure Neatsfoot Oil. 7«e:
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 05c: llKht Herrimr Oil. 4Sc:
rtark Herring Oil. 4.1c: Salmon Oil. 3.8c: boiled
Fish Oil., 40c: raw Fish Oil. 3Sc; boiled Paint
Oil. 35c; 1 raw Paint Oil. 33c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
inVJc; Ptarl Oil In cases. 22c; Astral. 22c:
Star,- 22c: Extra Star. 2<!e; Elaine. 28c: Eocene.
25c; deodorized Stove Gasoline. In bulk. 17c:
in cases. 2.1%c: Benzine, in hulk. IScj In cases.
1914c; fift-degree Gasoline. In bulk. 21c: in
cases. 27Uc.
TURPENTINE— 80c per gallon In cases and
74e In dmrai nnrl Iron barrels.-
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. WQ
7c per lb;. White Lead. CU@7c. according to
quantity. •
SUGAR — The Western Suirar Reflnlntr Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. fn 100-Ib baes:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.<T>c:
Powdered. CKCc; Candy Oranulatert. 5.50?; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.40c: Drj' Granulated, coarse.
5.40c; Fruit Granulated. 5.40c; Be»t Granu
lated flCO-lh bags only). 5.20>: Confectlonprs'
A 5.40c: Maenolla A. Rr.; Extra C. 4.90c:
Golden C. 4.80c: "D." 4.70c: babels, 10c more:
half barrels. 25c more: boxesi 50c more: !>O-lh
ban? 1O more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. 5.0Cc: boxes. G.l">e: II. f: E. Crystal
Domlnos, 8.40c oer lb. No orders taken for
\ ef m tbnn fave"'--"'-" *>^rr»1« "~ Its "11'lvalent.
General Merchandise.
VFW YORK. Dec. 17— Today's quiet stock ;
tr.a'ket xvas not materially difTf r«>nt In charac- i
te*- from that Of yesterday. The transactions j
wrre lare»!y conducted In a few spe-ialtieg and ;
the dealings in those were supposed to have |
their orUrtn in the board room. The simula
tion in Amalgamated Copier was still active ;
and that stock »k« the vehicle fur a large part ,
of the op« rations of the profwsicnal traders. ,
The larjre foreign demand for co[.f«r was "- i
KiKT>e1 as the motive of the buying. The Mock j
reacted sharp 1 * >' •«* the * aUer P art of the day ¦
and this was effective, together with the weak- «
ness developed in Brooklyn Transit, in forcing |
the whole list to a lower level.
The selling of Brooklyn Rapid Transit wa« :
<;u:te obvicruKly profit taking on the recent con- j
nd«rs.ble rising In the stock with a large specu
lative following. Ae Sugar has moved upward ;
lor many days in expectation of the Cuban re- i
clproclty action, the movement to take profits |
xvsa fully norroal. The balance of the day's j
principal business was done in United States
Ptee! preferred. The rtock was conspicuous j
throughout. The understanding that the struc- I
tural Fteel pool h2d agref-d to maintain prices
was favorably interpreted and there was much 1
current quotation cf more hopcf-jl views of the I
outlook in the trade. The day's news had vari- !
nun favorable features, but the central stock ]
list failed to respond. The Bale of tlO.OnO.OUO
cf Atcbison bonds cost th« stock a point in its
priie. although the awakened capacity of the
market to absorb new bond issu's was not a
• .- .. . i- ¦ : factor. The incident was mide
the occasion icr »-orne renewed conjecture as to
how far the lncreas^-d facilities of the money |
market whirh are expecttd to develop after the
new year rill be encroached upon by require
ment* by railroad borrowings. The sterling ex
€;ha!ijre merket moved strongly away from thp
gold imi»orT iwijnt. Demand for remittance for
year-end obligations continued large and the
»?uppjy of cotton bill* Fhcwcd some dimunitlcn.
The promiM- of easy money conditions deprived
•!¦• movement in the txchanpe market of any
disturbing Influenc*?. The reported intention to
fhut down anthracite proouction for the wec-k
Bt holidays was locked upon as evidence cf the
continued unfavorable condition In that trade,
and the coolers were somewhat pressed for
eale. The rate of Increase 'of railroad grops
•stmUX* for the firft w»<>k in December for
roads thus far rcpvttas has risen to near fi per
cent, rempared with a rate of increase of Ies3
than 3 per cent for the fourth week In Novem
ber, efmrared with last year's corresponding
periods. .
lionds v.err abcut stea-ly. Total sales, par
L'nited States t>ciids were unchanged on call
"2CEW YORK STOCK LIPT.
Fa!«. High. Lo W . Close
Atchison 77.4SO «a% tSfiL fr,V.
Atchlson pfd WO 02 >4 'J2*« «cu
naltimcre & O .. 4,200 79 7V» -.sK.
Bait & O pfd .... 200 RS KS 571?
i ::r. .¦,<¦.!. -n Pacific .. 1OO limj llSii llsii
<'«r.tra! of N J 1«) LS«H 1W 2 UKJ
<'hes tc Ohio I,<:.V> :«»«, 3.t 327/
CTilcago & Alton.. 70f> .'£.*.% 25 :«"
rhicago & A pfd. 200 «9 «• .33
Chicago & O W . 1.400 15% 1314 ir.U
Chi & Q W B pfd 27ij
Chicago & N W .. 500 It5% 1C3 164
<Th»cego TA.T Sii
<Tiicago T i T i-fd. J0O 17% , 17?4 17»4
C C, C & St Louis. ?00 78 77 vi 77
Colo Southern ' 14 Vi
Colo let pfd ..... 200 KJV« WH B3«J
Co'.o Ko 2d prd 100 22^ 22>4
D«!awa«e 4 Hud 168
Del. Lack & W... 200 245 245 240
Denver & R. O 21 «4
I>>nver & It G pfd 72
Krle 15,!»0 29% 2»«* 2»H
Krle l«t pfd f^JO tn'M «7% C7>Si
Erie M pfd 200 60Vi 50 49' A
• Jreat ICortheni pfd 1B0
Hocking Val 73%
Hocking Val pfd 83
Illinois Central .. 1,200 129:4 129V4 12»VJ
Iowa Central Krt 21 21 20«i
Wi'jwa Central pfO-- 1W S8 38 as,
r.K*n«a« City So 1SV4
Kar.«n« C 80 pfd .... .... 33=4
Ix,uifvnie & Nash. 500 10C% 108 1C5%
Manhattan I. .... f»00 141% 141 140',,
Metropolitan St Tly 500 122 121% 121Vi
Mlnneap & Bt L.. . .• 59
Missouri Pacific* . ..' 9.4O0 fl.st 82% 82%
Mo, Kani & Tex... 500 17»4 17% 17J4
Mo, K & T pfd... 2<>O SK«4 "8^4 3*H
H T Central 700 114 »i 118H US
Ne& York Stock Market.
Opening 28 Iff 29 00
Closing 28 20 .28 10
PARIS.
Wheat — Dec. Mar. -June.
Opening 20 CO 20 85
Closing 20 C3 20 90
Flour —
LIVERPOOL. ' •'
Wheat — Dec. March. May.
Opening « 4^ « 3Vi
Closing 8 4% 6 3*4
Foreign Futures.
EASTERX MARKETS.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was easier. Creameries, 10>g24c; Dai
ries. 14fr21c. Eggs, firm; at mark, cases in
cluded, 27(i729!.ic. Cheese, eteady, IO^IO^c.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments'.
Flour barrels 31,100 29.200
Wheat bushels OO.SOO 17.(00
Corn bushels 112,800 fO.fOQ
Oats bushels 79,800 127.9C0
Itve ' bushelH 4,800 2 300
Barley, bushels 104.8C0 17,900
Norfolk & West .. 500 57% 67% 57%
Norfolk & W pfd 85
Northern Securities 89U
Ontario & Western 5oO 21 H 21 ',i 21 fc,
Pennsylvania 38.400 117 S HC% 110%
Pittsburg.CC &StL CO
Heading 9,200 44V£ 4.1% 43%
Reading 1st pM "*>%
Reading 'Jd pfd 8*>i
Rock Island Co.... 2,45/) CS^i 2:i>4 25'i I
Kock Isl Co pfd 200 Cl'i Olifc 61
Pt L & S Fran pfd 60
Ft L & S F 2d pfJ M»0 44% 44% 40^4
St Louis S W 300 13 1.1 13
St Lou's S W pfd. 100 22 .12 32
Ft Paul 7.500 143 131 3 i 141%
St Paul i>fd 172
Southern Pacific .. 18.000 4gU 41\ 47V4
Southern Railway.. 1,300 2U« 20% 20%
Southern Ry Pfd.. 400 77-H • 77*^ 77 >& |
Texac & Pacific... 200 25 24% 24 Vi
Tel. Bt L & West. 300 22 22 22
Tol. StL & W pfd 34H
Inion Pacific 12,700 7S"4 77"» "li
Vnlon Pacific pfd. 200 88 S7*i K74
Wabash 2°
Wrlia?h pfd. 1.CO0 3G"» 86% 'M¥t,
Wheeling & L E 16
Wisconsin Cen .... 100 17'4 17M, 17
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 200 38 SS 37 \i
Express Companies —
Adams • .... 222
Amrrlfan 1S-1
Initea Ptatos 101
I Wells Fargo 202
Miscellaneous —
I Amalgam Copper... 58,000 49'$ *"'i 4"H
' Amer Car & Found 800 19»i 18?i lS>i
Am Car & F i>fd 07
i Amer Linseed Oil 9
Air,,T Lin Oil J>f<i 2S
Amor Locomotive.. 2.U0O 15-% 14"i 14%
! Amer Ixico pf 1 200 7<i',V 7C% lUK
Am Sn-.c-lt &. Kef.. kik) 4ft>i 48'i 4S%
i Am S & Ref jfj.. 1.300 92>,fc «l 91'i I
i Amer Suffar Uef.. 21.300 125^ 121 12:!
Anaconda Min «?o.. SCO 7S 7S 77
Brklyn Rap Trans. 22,000 57% 4«Vi *'-*\ !
«:olo Fuel & Iron.. 20O 27 2Cij 27
Colum & Hock Coal 400 12»,i 12 12
Consolidated Gas. . . 7,100 lSSH lS4«i 1S8
General Electric... 000 Jtio'-j 163 105
International Paper 2oO 10^ 10% 10t£
j Interntl l'ajier pfd C2
Internatior.al Pump 100 ffl 2» 28
i Intrrntl Pump pfd 70
[National Biscuit .10%
¦ National Lead I5U,
North American 2«K) 75 75 74
! Pacific Mail UK) 2."i 25 25
> People" s Ges 4.2». 1 O '!»S>4 9714 97%
Pressed Pteel Car.. 400 2C*i 2»!»i 2ti»i
PresscJ S Cr.r i-f.l.. 2m) C5% €5% 63$
Pullman I'ulaoc Car 215
RffUbllo .«teoi »00 G% 0>i OK
Htpublic Pteel pfd. 1.300 39 38 »* .1814
Rubber Goods ¦ 17.-?
Itubber Goods pfd [.'."" . ..* * 71 it I
Tenn Coal &Iron.. 2.SWO 33% 33* a.1
r S Leather 3<J0 7V* TYt ~K
\. B Leather ifd... 1,400 7«"i 70% 7li>4
D S Rubber 500 10 10' flU
U S Rubber pti '.. «yit
R'SSS «.2oo 10% ioii iby 4
V h Steel pfd 88,000 iA'i m 63%
Western Union 000 b7\i S7»i 67
Total sales 41S.CC0 shares.
LNITHD RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NKW YORK. Dec. 17 —Bond transactions of!
Inlted Kailroads of San Francisco: 25,000 at
t .5 5<i.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg. -105'i^Louig & x unl 4s.lOO'i
"o coup 108 (Manhattan c g 4s. 102
Do 3s rtx 107'; [Mexican Cent 4s. 70
LV » <«"P 107-41 Do 1st Inc 14
T>o new 4s reg. l.Xti.i,, Minn & St L 4s. 97
!>:> co«P 13.1*i Mo Kan.& Tex 4s. flii**
Do old 4s reg.loO Do 2ds . . 77%
Do coup 110 N R It of M c 4s. 75'
Do 5s reg 101 1.4 X Y Ont g .IVis.lW
Do coup l(,iy 4 x J Cent g 5s..l.10»i
Atch gen 4s VJ-i, Nor I'ac 4n 102 V4
Do adt 4x S7% Do 3s 70%
Atlantic C L 4s. U3»i Nor & \Y ron 4s. 90 1^
Balto & O 4s ...100?s O S L 4» & Par. 91%
Do 3^s it5V«|Penn conv :;>,s.. 95'^,
C*nt of Ga 5s . .101% j Reading Qcn 4*.. 0«%
Iio let inc ... CS S L & I M c 5s. 11 IV
Che» & O 4 'is... 102% St L & S F fg 4s. 84 U
Chi & Alton :<'is. 74 St L S W lsts.. 9.1
c B & Q n 4s... 92 Seaboard A L 4a. 72V4 I
C M & 8 P g 40.110% Southern Pac 4s. S7%
<-hi & N W c 7s. 130% Southern Ry Cs. ..114
C R I & p R R 4s WK Tex & Pac l*ts..H4%
Do col Sa 74% Tol St L & W 4s. 09
: C C C &¦ S L g 4s 95V4 Union Pac 4s ...1O2'4
i «'hl Tf-rm 45 ... 70 Do conv 4s ... 951;,
Con Tobacco 4s .. 5G3i D S Steel 2d 5s.. C;tU
Colo & So 4s ... S4H Wabash lsts 11.1%
I Denver & R G 4b. 99% Do Deb B O0T4
Lrie prior lien 4s. 9SV, Wheel & L E 4s. S7«
Do gen 4s 8014 Wls Cent 4s 83%
j Ft W & D C lste.lfl2U Colo F & I c 5s. «9
Hocking Val 4'is.l06
NEW YOKK MIXING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10, Little Chief 100
A1!re 13 Ontario 0 <0
« rwc " lOOphlr 90
Brunswick Con .. 03 '.<• phoenix 11
i Comstock Tunnel.. M> Potosl " "¦"*'¦ ](1
j Con Cal & Va 1 RS'Pavage ".".".' .II
I Hor n Pil v "- 1 05 Sierra Nevada" I! I 40
i Iron Silver ...... 1 *5 .Small Hope. 15
Leadvlllo Con ... 02 Standard ..2 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. ~
Money— Com... 75
Call loans fififii^. Mi nlng _
Time loans &ftb>-&; Adventure 2
Honds— lAliouez 4
Atchi*on 4s OT^jAmaigamated 37V.
M<x Cent in CSVilDaly West . "" •«
Railroad— Bingham ;*" 9nu
Atchlscn C7 Calumet & Hecla 4.Ti
I>o rrefd 92^ Centennial .. \k
Boston & Albany. 2M 1 a!Cor»r>er Range " 4',
BoFton & Maine. KJi; : Dominion Coal 7.».v
Iio.non 1 14014: Franklin " 7^
N V N II & H.1D5 !If1» Royale ..'" «i2
KitchburK prefd. .1.15 | Mohawk ' "30
Union Pacific 77 % Old Dominion .'" 9
Mexican Central. 9^ Osceola ] tj' s i/
Miscellaneous — — I Parrot , 02
Amer Sujcar 123 -Quincy " 81
Do prefd 121 ! Santa Fo Copi^V 1 w.
Amer Tel & Tel. 125% ' Tamarack .....' S3
I>amin Iron & S. 7%; Trinity 4*:
Oen Electric 104^ United States i«
ai*M niec IRHiL'tah ' " K)
Do prefj 75% j Victoria isj
United Fruit lO') iv.'lnona 7'*
D S Steel 10U' Wolverine ; C 8
Do prefd XAVt'
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols, rr.onry.88 9-1 fl N Y Central 12" U
Do account.. .83 1-16 Nor & West ... vaxL
Anaconda 4 j Do prefd ... 90
Atchlson 70%; Ontario & West.. 22%
t»o pTfrfd 05% ! Pennsylvania co*4
Hallo & Ohio ... 81%; Rand Mines .... otJ
Canadian Pacinc.122% Reading ' 99*
C»— & Ohio 34«i Do 1st prefd'.!! 40*
Chicago G W .. I6»4i Do 2d prefd . 3514
Chi Mil &. fit P. 147 Hi Southern Ry . ' 03 ,|
DcDeers 20% j Do prefd 8014
Denver & R G... 22% i Southern Pacific,. 49S
Do prefd 74% Union Pacific . 8iu
Erie 30% Do prefd »t
Do lf>t prefd... 70U U S Steel 10%
Do 2d prefd... * MU. Do prefd 551?
IUInol* Central ..134 Wabash 21
IjouIs & Nash ..110 Do prefd as
Mo Kan & Tex.. 1S%
Bar Silver— Steady 25%d per ounce.
Money— 3i53^ per 'cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
eho-t bills Is 3%03% per cent and for three
months' bills 3% per cent.
.New York. Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Dec. 17.— FLOUR— Receipt*,
33,400 barrels; exports. 34,600 barrels. Steady
and fairly active.
WHEAT— Receipts, 27.300 bushels; exports.
43.935 bushels. Spot, steady. % - No. 2 red. 90&c
elevator and Pl%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 North
ern Duluth. l>3%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Manitoba, nominal t. o. b. afloat. Options
opened eteady and advanced for a time on
bullish. Argentine crop news and small North
west receipts. - After a setback, - following
heaviners in outside markets, prices recovered
on exaort rumor^ and closed partly %c net
higher. Closlnjr:- May, 85c; July, 83ftc; De
cember, 00ft--—- — __ = 1..^.—
The Potato market was very dull for com
mon stock, but fancy stock from Salinas and
Or«-gcn was in good request at steady rates.
"Khe Oregon steamer arrived late In the day
with 57U!> eacka. which had not been discharged
up to a late hour. River Burbanks, which
con-stltute'l the bulk of the supplies, moVtd
very slowly, but as they were held by a few
dealers, who were firm In their views, prices
were no lower. - Old and trashy offerings of
Sweets were cleaned up and a freshly arrived
car load was marketed at higher prices. Onions
were unchanged, with supplies ample.
Los Angeles vegetables were in good request
both for local use and shipping account, and
there was a general advance In prices. Wax
Beans were the firmest description, as rcclpts
were wry light, less than 10 sacks beins ie
celved. Wrapped TomatoeS* from the south
found prompt Bale at the top quotation, whilo
unwrapped stock was steady at $1 25@1 50
per crate. Ekk Plant and Green Peppers were
weak under large supplies. Offerings of Bay
Tomatoes were of poor quality and dragged at
the previously quoted rates.
POTATOES— Uurbanks from the river. C0@
M)c per ctl: Salinas Bui banks. $101 45 per
ctl; Oregon Burbank*. 85cfi$l 03 per c:l; River
Reds. «;0ifi«5o per ctl: Garnet Chiles. 90c@$l
per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, Slffjl 20 per ctl.
ONIONS— -*l«l per ctl.
VEGETABLES- Green Peas. r»#7c per lb:
String Beans. "ClOc per lb: Wax. D'fJlOo: To
matoes. r>0(in5c per box for bay nnd $1 25$?1 75
per crate for Lin Anseles; Summ?r Squash
from Los Angeles, $1 25 per box; Cab
bage. 50c per ctl; Carrots. 50c per sack;
Cucumbers. r*l* box; Garlic. U©7c per lb;
Egg Plant." C©Sc per lb: Drlrd Peppers. 5U8C
per lb for Stockton and llft-12V4c for southern;
Dried Okrp. 12>4c per lb: Green Peppers. e©8o
per lb- Mushrooms. 15'?j23f; per lb; Marrowfat
and Hubbafd Squash. $10(^12 per ton for round
lots and Mi@lc per lb for sacked.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
CaliforniaStock and OilExchange
" .
Oil Stock— Bid. Askfd. ;
Alma 140
Apollo 42» I
Associated Trust Certificates. 19 20 |
Aztec 82<4 :
California Standard 10
Caribou 110 , ....
Central Point Con C5 ...-' !
Chicago Crude 19
Claremont 24 .... ;
E»i'-ranza 1-50 .... :
Ff.ur 67
Fulton 4 50
Giant 20 j
Hanford 14300 145 CO >
Home »7% 100 !
Imperial IS 00
Independence 15 lrt
Junction 19
Ktrn 5 00 I
Kern River 10 00
Lion 02
Monarch iof Arizona) 42. ....
Monte Crlsto <"5
! Occidental of W Va * 18
! Oil City Petroleum 26
Peerless 14 CO
Pittsburg. 1 2tf
Reed Crude ....
S F & McKlttrick • 3 23
San Joaquln O & D 4 00 .. ; .
Senator •• .... 73
Sovereign 38 39
Sterling 2 CO
Superior C5 C I
Thirty-three 1 -•>
Toltcc »9 20
Tv.-fnty -eight •• * -"> I
Weft Shore 2 90 j
i Miscellaneous-— '
Abby Land & Imp- 1 50
Alamcda Sugar -G 00 !
American Biscuit ....
American District Tel .... ;
Cai Gas & Electric Corp ....
Cal Cotton Mills S9 CO 03 00
California Jockey Club
California Shipping Co
! Cal Title Ins & Trust ....
Central Bank of Oakland -. .... ;
Chutes Company 7 75 ;
Cypress Lawn Imp Co C CO .... <
; Fischer's Theater 2 CO .... ;
j Gas Consumers' Assit '... .«.. 1
Honolulu Sugar ' •••>•
Northern California Power. . 8 00 0 CO
' North Shore Railroad ....... .... •'••, I
I Orpheum Company 15oi% .
Pacific States Tel & Tel )
Parafflne Paint 33 ©0 j
San Francisco Dry Dock ....
Sanitary Reduction Works.. 1 40 ....
1 Hausalito Land & Ferry .....
¦ Srerry Flour Company ....
Standard Electric .;•" ."iA
i Tmla Conl Company ...... 25 00 SO 00
I Truckee Electric ....
Union Susar • •••• ••••
United Gas & Electric »;*•* •*'*
Morning Session.
Board — , , . 'i>
CCO Monte Crlsto Oil 6ft
10Q Sovereign Oil M '
400<J Claremont Oil JO
i l(XM) Apollo Oil •*_>
I 300 Home Oil ««H
1000 Occidental Oil (b 80) IS
Street —
500 Home Oil (b 90) 1 00
Afternoon Session. .
Board — :'"%£>:
500 West Shore Oil 3 CO
600 Sovereign Oil (b 60) 1 40
2<M> Caribou Oil •" 1 15
7 Caribou Oil 1 10
500 Independence Oil 15
206 Monarch Oil 42
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the saU.4 on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange board yesterday:
Morning Session.
' 200 Belcher 20| 100 Mexican 1 10
100 Ch611ar 19 100 Savage M
100 Gould & Cur. 351 100 Utah 10
¦ Afternoon Session. •','"
100 Caledonia ... 71 ICO XTnion Con .. SI
-300 Challenge Con 19 ICO Utah 10
100 Gould & Cur. 34 .100 Utah 09
1C0 Seg Belcher. . 07 600 Yellow Jacket 22
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock 'Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Crown Point.. 16 100 Ophlr 2 10
300 Gould & Cur. 33 700 Silver. Hill .. 76
100 Mexican ...107% 300 Silver Hill .. 77
200 Mexican 105 400 Utah ...„....• 10
100 Ophlr 2 05
Afternoon Session. \
600 Andes 18; 300 Potosl 17
1C0 Caledonia ....* 70 200 Sierra Nev .. 61
200 Challenge Con 19- 100 SlrVer Hill . . 75
100 Con C & V.i 07 Vi 1 2C0 Union Con ..-, 61
200 Gould & Cur. 34j 300 Utah ;". 10.
100 Mexican 1 061-300 Yellow Jacket 22
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.'
I Following were the sales on the San'Fran
dtfco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday :
The following quotations are for good, sound
'Livestock, delivered In San Francisco. le?s 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. SS9o: Cows and Heifers,
7@*c: thin Cows. 4C5c rer lb.
CALVES — l«J4».4c per lb fgross weight).
SHEEP— Wether*. 3 1 )i@4c; Ewes. 35<i@3^o
per lb (gross weUht).
LAMUS— 4i / 2«3c per lb.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to ISO lbs. r>><«c; over
180 lb?. 5c: Sows, 20 per -cent off: Eonrs, 50
per cent off, and Stags. 40 per cent off from
above quotations.
PORK— Dres«ed Hoes. 7fI8i£r rer Mb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
With ample supplies of everything: and a
light demand tfie market Is unchanged.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to deal
ers are as follows.;
BEEF— C>A@7#c for Steers and 5@6o. per
lb for Cows.
VKAL. — Large. StflOc; small. OSlOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. S@8^c: Ewes. 7«.®Sc
per lb.
LAMB— O^ClOe r«T lb.
Meat Market.
Cafli quotations were as follows:
Flour dull and prices easy.;. No. 2 spring
wheat 82c; No. 8. 77«<\S0c: No. 2 red, SlVi^
S5Hc:' No. 2 corn 42c; No. 2 yellow. 45c;
No 2 oate ,17c: No. 3 white, 3fi$?.18c: No. 2
rye. 52c; good feeding barley. ' fair
to choice malting. 41^530; No. 1 flax jfeetl.
OJc: No. 1 Northwestern. $1 01; prime timothy
peed $2 7">; mess pork, per barrel. $11 37%<£f
11 50; lard, prr 100 pounds, $0 37i£$0 40;
short ribs' sides (loose) $(t OOiffO 25; short
clear *idei> <boxed), $0 25SY0 .17^; whisky,
basis of liigh winos, $1 27; clover, contract
grade, $11.
Matilda Braekftt (wife of V. E.) to Anr^ ¦
D. .Toost lot on S line of Thrift street. 10© W
of Plymouth. W ICO by S 123. -lot *. block- V.
Railroad Homestead Association: $200.
' Anna D. Jdost to Henry L. and Kathleen M.
Meyers, lot on 8 lln# of Thrift street. ICO \V
of Plymouth, W 50 by S 123. lot 4, block V.
same: SI.
Charles F. Heinle to Emme. A. Heinxe. lot
on.E line of Mlsaicn street, flOS H o* Virginia
nvnu«\ S 23:4 by E 100. Preclta Valley lot
Geontlra G. Tcdd and Martha E. Porter
iKnox) Todtl to D»lla Brann.-lot on W line of
Fnlwm street. 5O N of- Prospect cl*<-e. S W bT
Vf lfO lots 25 to 2S. Ch*e«man'« M»p 1, Pre
clta Valley lot 134, quitclaim deed: $&.
Anna L. Nash to S. Ducaa Company lots 1
to «. 43 to 4S. block 490. Haley Purrhage; $10
Clara A. and W. Esters vo-n Krakau to Cen
tral Trust Company, lot on SE corner of Twen
ty-sixth and Railroad avenues. E 220, 3 200
W 75. N 25. W 101. thence 181, Bay Vl«w
Homestead; also b!ock 8.19. tide land oi South
San Francisco Survey: also lots 10 to lf>. block
707. same; also lot 1. block 2 V> South fan
Franctero Homestead and Railroad Association:
also subdivisions of lots 1 to S lot P. block
354. subdivisions of lot* 1 to 3. tot 10. block
354. subdivisions of lots 1 to S.lot 11. block a34.
Hnntcr Tract: also undivided two-thirds Inter
est In fractional block 381, Hunter Tract: also
lot on SW lire of Forurtenth arenn*. 225 NW"
of G street. N W 75 by SW ICO, lot 4.' block 2S4.
South San Francisco Homestead and Railroad .
Association :-'$ —. - ¦
James Katiranan to MatlM.i Brackets (Han
rahan). ltt on S line of Thrift street. 100 W of
PlymotJth.- W.1C0 by S 125. lot 4. bloek V, Rail
road Homestead, quitclaim deed; $1.
THURSDAY. DECEMBER 17.
George K. Frlnk to Lucie H. Frlnk (wife),
lot on E line of Polk street, 105:2}i N ot Oay,
N 2:0 by E 10<>; gift.
Moees F... Jacob E. and Aaron E. Grossman
to John T. Harmes. lot on N line of Suttet
rtreet e2:C W of Polk. W 20 by N 70; $10.
Igllplglltl!
%££US£22^™ I f^K'th 3 ;
=sf nT'Howanl SF. 20 by NE 45:10; also lot on
raSStolWetKI:* SB of Howard.
E1 ElUabeth y M. Hawkins to Benjamin M. Gunn^
lot on NW lire of Jessie street. 20O NE ot
Fifth. NE 25 by NW 75; $10.
Frederic A. Harhe to same, lot on NW lln«
of Jessie street, 175 NE of Fifth. NE 25 by NW
' 5 CaVh*erin<v- Andrew J.. John H., James M.
and Angela Donovan an.l Mary L. Power*
(Donovan) (wife of J. T.) ¦ to sarne. lot on ! VW
line of Jessie otreet. 250 NE of Fifth. NE 25 by
NW 75; $10,000.
Nellie G. Ledwiige (Donovan) to same, un
divided 1-14 of name; $714. ..... ...
Francis Donovan lo same, undivided 1-H
of same; $714. _¦
John and Lizzie HiKStlrw to same, lot m SB
line of Jessie 3tre«t, 250 SW of Fourth, SW -5
by SE 70; $10.
Henry L. and Anna M. McKnew to same. lot
en SE line of Jessie street, 225 SW of Fourth,
SW 23 by SE 75; $10. '¦ \r~
John Pfcrr to H. S. Hauxhurst. rerecord .22
D. 207. same; $4500.
Harriet Walker to Jame* and Lillian M.
Hall lot on SE line of Tehama street, 402:4
SW of Fifth. SW 37:6 by SE SO; $10.
J. Frank and Marea Walters and George A.
Turner to John J. Rusk, lot on NE line of Cliff
avenue. 85.15 SE of Thirty-ninth street. SB
25.04. N 102.42. W 25. S 100.96; $10.
Edward H. ami Mary Commins to Thomas
E CommlM, lot on 8E corner of Twelfth ami
Point Lobos avenues. E .12:0 by S ld>; also lot
on NAV comer of Eleventh avenu« and A
street. W :S2:<; by N 100; also lot on SE corner,
of Thirty-sixth avtr.ua and B street. S 240, B
120. N 140, \V <52:ti, N 100. W 57:0; also lot on
NW corner of Twenty-second avenue and A
street. W 67:« by N 100; also lot on SE corner
of Twenty-third avenue and A street. E .12:6 by
S 10O: also lot or W line of Nineteenth, avenue.
20O N of A street. M 50 by W 12t>; $10.
Thr-mns E. Commins to Edward H. and Mary
Ccramins, samo; $10.
H. B. and Laura A. Plnney to GoUle J. EI
denmuller, lot en E line of Second avenue, 35
S of C stre»t. S .13 by E 1C0; $10.
H. N. and MatiMa Pcdersen to E. W. Gordon,
lot on XV line of Fourteenth avenue. 75 N of j
street, N 5O. W 127:6, S 25, E 27:8, 3 25. E ICO;
$10.
Mary A. LapicJgs to Charles A. Nelson. Iqt en
E corner of L street and Twenty-first avenue,
8E 73 by NE ICO, lot 9. block 403, South Sao
Francisco and Railroad Homestead Association;
$10.
Mary A. F. and C. O. Hill to Gustaf and Jo
hanna Svrenson. let on NE line of Sixteenth
avenue, CO SE of Q street. SE 25 by NE »2:«.
blcck 305. O'Neil & Haley Traet; also lot on
NE line of Sixteenth avenue. 73 SE of Q street
SE 25 by Ni. M:<;. block .105, same; $10. [c i
London and San Francisco Bank to Anna L,
Nash, lots 0 and 4-1. block 490. Haley Purchase;
ItI-l\L ESTATE TRAXSACTIOX5.
Lima Beans are showing firmness again, ow
ihg to' the deficiency In the rainfall down
south, where talk of a dry winter Is beginning
to be heard. Prices, however, are unchanged.
The other descriptions are stJU quiet.
BEANS— Bayos.' $2 S0@2 40; Pea. $.1; But
ters, $:{ 25: email White $2 85f?:i; large
White $2 4052 WO; Pink. $2 65@2 75: Red,
$3 50; Lima. $3«?3 10; Red Kidneys. $4®4 25: ,
Blackeye $2©2 15 per ct i ; HorEe Beans, $1 50
«2.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3; Yellow Mus
tard $2 C562 S5; Flax $1 S0@l 90; Canary,
fiflS'ic for Eastern: Alfalfa. 11014c: Rape,
lHe^c; Timothy BigG'4c; Hemp, 3%@3Ho
per lb; Millet. tt@3Mic; Broom Corn Seed. $20
©2.1 per ton. . , . ' ¦ ¦• .
DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 80@S per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
Article* — Open. High. Low. Clo^e.
Wheat No 2 —
Dec. new 'H% 70U 78% 79^
May".......'.... Sli<, 81% 81>4 81H
July 70% 7C>^ 70 76%
Corn Xo. 2 —
December 42'i 42»* 41»i 41^4
Mav 43"(, 4.1% 43% 4.1Ms
July 43% 4.1 M, 4Z% 4J»i
Oatf. No. 2—
December .1" 35% 34% 8*%
May 37 37 S0*4 ?-<i%
July 34 34t4 33% 8f»
Mess Pork, per barrel —
January 11 .17^ 11 4214 11 37^ 11 8T#
May 11 72Ms 11 80 11 72Vi 11 75
Lard per 100 pounds —
January 0 S7«i C 37?4 6.15 6 37V,
May O57^i COO 0 55 6 07 V*
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
January « 10 « 10 fi 07 1 4 0^0
May..'..' 6 2214 0 •*» C 22^i C 30
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 9c; medium. 8c; light. 7%c; Cow Hides,
7%e for heavy and 7>/6e for light; Stags. 5c;
Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted Calf.
lOWc; dry Hides, 15c; dry Kip. 13e; dry
Calf. 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25®30o each;
phort Wool. 40®»;oc each; medium. 70®«0c;
long Wool. $1£?1 50; Horse Hides. salt.
$2 75 for large and $222 50 for medium, $1 25
@l 75 for small and 5Oc for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. ?1 75 for large and $1 50 for me
dium, flfil 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican, ,11c: dry salted
Mexican. 25o; dry Central American. 31c. Goat
Skins — Prime Angora?. 73c: larifc and smooth,
60c; medium, .15c; small, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4^4e per lb;
No. 2. 4c; grease. 2>4 l Q : 3c.
WOOL — Fall clin — San Joaquln Lambs'. 8®
lie; Middle County. lli©12e: Northern Fren.
ll«12c: Northern Defective, lO^llc: Humboldt
and Mendoclno. 12*?14c; Nevada. 13tfJ15c: Ore
gon fine. lS(f?lflc; Oretron medium. 17c per lb.
HOPS— 10923c per lb for California.
Hides, Wool, Tcillow and Hops.
Weather Report.
'12<Xh Meridian— Pacific Time.)
KAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 17, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as comr>ared with thi>se of same date last
season, and rainfall in last twrnty-four hours:
LaFt Tilts La»t
Station* — 24 hours. Frason. Season.
Eureka 0.M US. 52 19. ««
Hed H!uff 0.20 1O.1<9 12.02
BscraTT.ento 0.00 4.42 5.50
Ban Franc-iseo Trace 5.00 5.1.1
Kresno 0.20 0.88 3.13
Independence 0.1(0 0.42 0.83
San Luis Oblspo 0..12 0.82 4.98
Lo« Angeles 0.00 0.4.1 4.S2
Ban l)iego 0.00 0.40 6.45 I
THE COAST RECORD.
= 2 2 5 9 i
2 ?a -:% *3<f« I
BTATTOK8. | |§ \\ r| |* 1
: = S : i §
Evrefca 0..1C 1C.52 19.W
«'ari=on 2r».84 44 42 W <'lear T.
i:»::«ka SO. 04 f.2 40 SW <'loudy ..".0
Farallon 3O.OS 55 51 NW Clear T.
rreFr." .1<).«i2 fZ 40 K <1car .20
FIas«rSr 2a. J»S 4S 14 \V Pt.Cidr -"0
Poeatt-llo ....2S.P2 1W 20 K Know T.
ro'.nt Reyem . . .23 .H» 52 4* SW Clear - 1:<
lr«jep?n<l«-nce, 25».74 54 24 SE Cloudy .00,
Ix>« An?»I«5..r».9O C«J 44 W Cloudy JO
Mt T3rT7alpa!«.:W.«O 4*. 40 W Clear .13
1'horr.;* 29. fir, 74 :;s S Clear .00
rcrtland 2». »0 40 SS NW <1oudy .02
He.l muff -.23.!><5 T2 4« " PH Pt.«dy.2O
Koseburg 2!«.ai; 4<> 42 BW Pt.Cldy .<^
Pjirancr.lo .."it.txt W5 4<J P <^lesr .«>
Palt Ijlli* 2H.R2 44 20 N'E Cloudy ."0 .
P«r Frrnclsr^) :i0.O«; R4 TiO W Pt.Cldy T.
B. L. «Ob:?po.-30.04 «« 4rt W Clear .32
Pin Dkgo 29.00 04 44 W Clear .00
p-attle 29.»0 4fi ns FE Pt.Cldy .28
fpr.kane 2».«0 M 34 NW Cloudy .(<2
TstrFcsh ».«« 44 4O P Cloudy .34
V.'rJla Walla. .29. f>4 42 SB S Fossy .*8
W!nr»nia'xa .2O.K2 n«> 32 S Cloudy .04
Yuma 2;t . SS 72 4O E Clear -0O
WEATHER 00XDITION8 AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure ha* risen slcwly on the ccast
nrrth of Point Conception. Cloudy weather (
w— Bf tn the pouth, but as yet there has
been B» rain . " •
A dial! disturbance overlies the valler or •
the Colcrado «n-l will prc^bably 1*e« rapidly !
BOvth<aFtv."arA. . ;
The tcmpei ature U begmning to fall rapidly ,
In the Sierras anl heavy trcr\> may be expected !
Friday -r.crr.'.r^ generally in the Ptate If the ,
ekteu remuln clear.
Forecast maie »t Fan Francisco for thirty
hcurf ending mid«!«ht. December 18:
Nortljem CaliloVnia— Fair Friday, becoming
cloud v at nipht and probably showers in north- ,
eru portion; tM*vy Trost Friday morning; light |
north ¦winiis. changing to southerly.
=ouvh«T. California— noudy Friday tr.oro.ric:
olrarrr colder during the day; light southwest
vi'.r-.ir, "chanrinr to northerly.
N>vida— L«?ht sn-iw Friday; clearing, colder.
San Francisco und vicir.ity— Fair Friday, be
<-o>Tln~ cloudy nieht nnd poFBiblr showers;
irht west w*!ndi=. '-hanging to southerly.
\ G McADlE. District Forecaster.
Offerings of Bran and Middlings are light
and both are quoted eteady. There is noth
ing new In Hay. the feeling being rather weak
than otherwise though another cold snap
might harden the market again.
BRAN— $1!) 50620 r»0 prr ton.
MIDDLINGS— $20 50fi28 60 per ton.
BHORTP— $19 50ii20 5o per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $23@2t per
ton; Oil Cake Meal at the mill. $27®28 50;
Jobbing $290.10- Cocoanut Cake. $21@22: Corn
Meal. $28 50«52!» .10: Cracked Corn. $29@30;
Mixed Feed, $22@23; Horse Beans. $30@4O per
ton. .
HAY— Wheat $1.1 50310: Wheat and Oat.
$13@15 50; Oat*. $12014; Wild Oat. $11 50@
13 50; Barley $1201.1 50; Stock, nominal
hone here; Alfalfa $10012 50 per ton.
STRAW — 40-3 05c per bale.
Hay and Feed stuffs.
Morning Session.
200 Mont Ton 1 30; 10O Ton Midway.. 69
COO Rescue 07,' 40O Ton N Star.. 3-fc
SCO Ton B*!ftiont. 7»r600 Ton N Star.. S»
10O Ton Belmont. SO,
Afternoon Session.
2000 Hannapah ... 10 ir,o Ton Midway.. 63
200 Mont Ton 1 30 COO Ton Midway.. Mi
200 Mont Ton..l 27*41 600 Ton N f»tar.. 35
1C0 Ton Belmont. 79 200 Ton N Star.. 34
tOO Ton Midway.. 63 i
CLOSINO QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Deo. 17 — 1 p. m. .
Bid. Ask. [ I1M.A.-S.
Alpha 0:» 04|Juatlc» 08 t»
Alta 02 04:Rentuck «... 03 04
Andes 1» 17|Keyes Graes. — I 75
Belcher 2» 21iLady Wash.. — C3
Best & Belcn.l 95 2 2O Mexican 1 05 1 1O
Bullion O7 09, Occidental ... 3S 41
Caledonia ... 70 71'Ophir 2 05 2 10
Challenge Con IS 2»)l Overman .... 21 2;
Chollar l!> 20lPotosi 17 l.»
Confidence .. 65 75' Savage 37 3!>
Con C & Va.l 05 1 10 Scorpion .... 02 0.1
Con Imperial. C2 OR Peg Belch«r.. 00 «T
Con NY 12 1.1 Sierr* Nev .. 51 ."2
Crown Point. 15 17i»m*r Hill .. 74 '.ii
Eureka Con.. — 0Oi St Louis .... 12 15
Exchequer .. 15 lfi, Syndicate ... 04 C«
Gould & Cur. 34 33 Union Con .. 50 53
Hale & Nore. 4--. 4S!Utah OH 10
Julia 03 »M Y-llow Jacket 21 22
TCJNOPAH MINES.
BiJ.A.ik.: Bfd.AsV.
E3peranza ... — • Ol 1 Ton of Nev.. 5 75 « 5»
MacNamara . CO 12! Ton N Star.. .15 :»«¦
Mont Ton..l 27H 1 30!Ton Midway.. 51 ft*
Rescue Ofl — t Ton it S Lake — 30
Ton Belmont. 73 80 } United Ton ..09 13
Ton &. Cal... — 22 1
LARD— Tierces quoted at "%e per lb for
compound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
"Vic; 10-lb tins, 9%c; 5-lb tlna, 9%cr 3-lb tins,
OOTTOLENE— One half barrel. S%c: three
half barrels S%c; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces,
8'^c; five tierces. 8»fce per lb.
The situation remains the same here, and
elsewhere, with prices generally stationary.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. . llftc per lb for
heavy, I2e for light medium, 14c for light,
14%c for extra light. 18c for sugar-eured and
20c for extra .sugar-cured; Eastern sugar
cured Hams. 14c: California • Hams. 13149
1314c; Mess Beef. $11 CO per bbl: extra Mess,
$12^12 60; Family. $13; prime Mess Pork, $17:
extra clear. $24: Mes*; $19; Dry Salted Pork*
12c; Pig Pork. $28; Pigs' Jeet, $5 25; Smoked
Beef. 15c rer lb.
Proznsions.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 60®
4 85. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 50@4 60;,
Oregon and Washington. $3 90®4 20, per bbl,
for Family and $3 00@4 40 for Bakers'/ • • • •
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. .$3; RJee Flour,.
$7; Corn Meal $3 25; extra cream do, ?4; Oat
Groats $1 60;' Hominy. $404 25: Buckwheat
Flour. '$4 50@4 75 : Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa-,
rlna $4 50; Whole AVheat Flour. $3 60: Rolled
Oats bbls, $7 25®8 fi0 : in sacks. $6 75@8 10;
Pearl Barley $G: Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green-
Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbt>.
Flour and Millstuifs.
CHICAGO, Dec. 17.— Wheat opened firm In
sympathy with a similar feeling • from Liver
pool. Some emphasis was added by small re
ceipts In the Northwest. The firmness in the
foreign market was partly due to bad weather
reports from Argentina, but a cablegram to
a Chicago commission firm from Rosario said
that the weather was Improving and Jhat lit
tle damage had been done to the wheat crop.
At the same time the Me bull Interest here
manifested a tendency to dispose of holdings.
This fact exerted considerable Influence upon
email holders. As a -• »eult of the combination
of circumstances a good deal of long wheat
came out and an easier tone developed. May
Belling off to 81^6'SlHc, after opening a shade
lower to a shade higher at 81%c to 81%c. The
high point of the day was reached shortly after
the opening, when May touched 81 %c. The
market held steady at the decline for a time
and during the latter part of the session a
better tone was manifested on reports of an
active export business. The cash business
phowed marked improvement and this helped
the speculative trade. The close was steady,
with May unchanged at M-'MiMViC.
Corn did not hold up as well as of late.
The weather continued fine and reports from
Nebraska said that farmers were disposed to
sell tholr cash corn a little more freely. May
closed Mt@Vio lowier at 43»£e.
After a pteady opening oats eased off in
sympathy with corn. May closed a shade
lower at 3C%c.
Hogs were In much emaller supply than ex
pected, and this act, coupled with an advance
of CiglCc in their price, resulted in a good
deal of covering in provisions by local shorts.
There was also a good demand from English
houses. Packers were moderate sellers on the
advance, but prices were firm. May pork clos
ing 15@l?*&c higher at Si 1 ""Vi'Sll 80. Lard
was up 5c at $0 57U. while ribs were 7V4©
10c higher at $0 27',iec ::0.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
FRUIT — Apricots. 7@9c for Royals and 9®
lie for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4^5V»c;
Fun-dried. 3%(S4c; Peaches." 4^@CViC; Peara,
C@10c; Nectarines. 4@i5^c; FigS, white. 4£4%e
in boxes; black, 4?4c; Plums, pitted, 6$9c per
pound.
. PRUNES— 1903 . crop, 2H02%c for the four
sizes.
RAISINS— F. o. b. prices. Fresno, for 1903
crop: 50-lb boses — Loose Muscatel, 2-crown,
5Uc per lb; .1-crown, 6%c; 4-crown, 6>4c; Seed
less Muscatels, 4>4c: do. floated. 4%c; un
bleached Sultanas, 4^c; Thompson's Seedless,
5Hc London Layers — 2-crown. $1 25; 3-crowri,
$1 35; 4-crown clusters, $2; 5-crown Dehesas,
$2 50; 0-crown Imperials. $3; Malaga Loose, 2
crown, . 5c . per lb; do 3-crown, 5%c; Valencia
Cured. 4 %c; Pacific, do. 3%c; Oriental, do,
2%c. Seeded Raisins— il6-oz packages, fancy,
8c per lb; choice. 7 T 4e; 12»oz packages, fancy,
C"«,c; choice, 6% c; in bulk, fancy, 7%c; choice,
7%c.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell.- 13>4«n4c:
No. 2. 1IVj©12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13@13Uc;
No. 2/ 11611 He; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
10>/4c for I X L, 10Wc for Ne Plus Ultra and
8%c for Languedoc:- Peanuts. 6@7o for East
ern; Pecans. ll@13c: Cocoanuta, ,- $4 50@5;
Chestnuts. 8(f?10c per lb. •**•'
HONEY— Comb. 10ei2%c for white and 8%
®9^c for amber; water white extracted. 5@
5'4c; light amber extracted. 4\465c; dark,
BEESWAX— 27(g29c per lb. .
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Houey.
• Board —
10 California Safe Dep 160 00
2n Spring Valley Water 38 73
6 Bank of California 44« 60
45 Hutchlnson 9 50
20 Gas & Electric 67 00
Ger S & L. — 2235 Sav & L So. — 10O
Hum S * L. — — Sec Sav Bk.4C0 600
Mutual Sav.100 — Union T Co. — —
S P Sav U.6C0 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 203 [Presidio .... 39% 45
Geary — hO J
POWDER.
Giant 62 ttt I Vlgorlt 8% <Va
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 80c Kllauea S C. — 6
Hawaiian C. 44 H 44% Makawell 'C 22^ —
Honokaa S C 12(4 13 Vi Onomea S C. — 32
Hutch S P C S>% »ft Paauhau S C 14 15 ,
M ISCELLAN EOUS.
Alaska P A.140 — Oceanic S Co 5 6
Cal F C A. 92 — Pac Aux FA 4H 5H
Cal Wine A. 9O'/4 91V4 Pac C Borx.107 —
Morning Session.
Board — <
$100 V S Zs coupon 10S CO
$l.tHX) S P 1905 B 104 23
$6,000 Pacific Elec 5s. b 15 107 00
30 California Wine Assn 90 ©O
.". California Wine Assn OH 23
20 Alaska Packers' Assn 14© 00
Afternoon Session.
THURSDAY. Dec. 17—2 p". m.
-.-Stock and Bond Exchange.
V, UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. iJSft&U
4s qr coup ..lfW»% — 4s qr cp newl32Vnl-H*»
4a qr Teg ..109 110 3s qr coup..lC8 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Cs. — — Do 6s ....108% —
Bay CPC 6s. — 103 Do con 5s — 1O*
Cal C Q 59. — 100 O W *td to. — OT
Cal C & E g Oceanic S as — ••>
m & ct 5s. — 10214 Otn Cable fis.llO —
r&\ «t 0s " ¦ Pac G Im 4s. 98 10O
C C Wat 5s. - 100 P E.Ry 5s.lOC%107
Ed L & PCe.120 — ; P & C H Cs. — —
F '&. C H Cs. — 117 P&OK es.ll.Ht-0
Geary-st 5s. 45 90 Powetl-st C«.U3% —
II C&S 5^s 104% — S E OAR **¦ 9S 1C0
H C ft Sl5: - 102tt SF & FJV5sll6%117Vi
Hon R T Cs. — 100 S R of C 6s.ll2Vi —
L A Elec Os.lOHilOS'A S P of A «•
L A Ry 5a.— 113 (190») '••••J^|» —
LALCoCs. — — (1910) ....10S»* —
-Do gtd 6s. — — ¦ S P of ¦ C ta .
Do gtd Bs.102%104 (1905)Sr X.102Vi -7
LAP lem B..10OV4102 (1905)3r »-,-»*%
Mkt-at C Cs.llS . — (19W) ••••™*£1C3
Do lem 5«. — .114 " (1012) . . . .1U»* —
NRR of C6*. — 1C8' SPC 1 cg<5*. — US
Do Rs ...114H — Do stropd.lOti%lC^U
N P C R 6s. — 109 8 P B R 6s. -r- 132%
N.C RT69.. — 110 8 V W 6»..10<J 10»
N C P C 5a; — 101 . Do 4s 2dm. — 89
N. S R.R.5S. 98 1C0. . Do 4s 3dm. 98 —
O G L II 5S.107 — Stkn G&E 69 — . 100
O T Co esr.117% — V O & E 6s. — 105
WATER STOCKS. «
Contra Costa SS*i *2 (Port Costa.. — —
Martn Co .. 61 — Js V W Co. 38^4 39
'" GAS "AND ELECTRIC. ;
Cent L & P. 3% 4% S F Q & E, 66% 67H
Mutual EL. 9 10'/| S F Gas L.. 3Vi 3T' 4
Pae a Im.. 54 64% Stkn G & B. .6 —
Pac L Co... 65tf — U O & B.. — «>
Sac E G&R, — —
; TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
B F G & E. C6H «7%I
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd320 — I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Xtl Bk.125 130 L P & A... — 165
Anplo-Cal ..S3 91 Mer Trust ..230 —
Bank of Cal.444 447 Merch EX . . — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 152H S F Nation!. — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Wall street stocks tame and uninteresting.
L-vca'i stocks and bonds also inactive and featureless.
Slight variations in Silver and 'Sterling Exchange.
Canned Salmon dull at previous quotations.
Coffee firm, Zlith diminished crop estimates.
Wheat quiet. Barley dull. Oats and Corn in fair demand.
Hay and FccdstufFs show no further change.
Lima Beans firmer, owing to deficiency in rainfall dpum south.
Butter depressed and lower, zvith excessive spot supplies.
Cheese market still overloaded and weak.
Eggs continue to decline, with increasing stocks.
Provisions quiet and unchanged everywhere.
Live and dressed Meats as before quoted.
Cranberries in light supply and commanding high prices.
Potatoes and Onions not materially changed.
Poultry and Game in good demand and firmer.
Continued activity in Oranges and Apples.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
WHEAT— There was no change worthy of
note either East or abroad. In this market
cash' grain continued steady, while futures
were somewhat higher. ; '-.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 40(^1 42^; California
White Australian, • $l-50@l 52^! > Northern
Club. $1 4001 4Ui: Northern Bluestern. $1 50
©1 51W- Oregon Valley. $1 40.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. HlHh. Low. Close.
May ...>1»!S $134 $13.1% $134
December— $1 35% bid.
2p. m. Session.
May— ?t 14. ¦ '
BARLFY — Prices remained as before, with
a Hfele3s market.
¦ CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 07^@l 12%; Shipping and Brewing,
$1 15@1 20; Chevalier. $1 20<gl 45 for fair to
Ch ° 1Ce - " FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m. ,
'"Open. High. '" Low. C)o?e.
May $103% $1 O37i $103% $103%
December— $1 10 & bid. $1 11 asked.
•-' 2 p. m. Session. ¦. ' . .. . _^ . •
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1H ?lllliL$lll .,$111^
OATS — There is nothing new to report. The
demand and supply about balance,
i White $1 22i/6<Sl 25 for California N and
$1 27V,&1 35 for Northern; Black, $1 45@1 65;
Red. $1 20@l 82% 'for feed and $1 25@l 35 for
seed": Gray. $1 32}&.
• CORN — Continues, in fair demand for mlll-
I ing account, with quotations steady but un-
Western sacked. $1 25 for Yellow, $1 25 for
White and $1 20@l 22% for Mixed; California
large Yellow. $1 22%@1 30; small round do,
$1 40@l 50; White. $1 25@1 30 . per ctl.
RYE — SI 2Ti©l 30 per. ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 2502 50. per ctl. A
Wheat and Other Grains.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Th» market oon
tlnuts firm. Common, 4@5c; prime, 5%@5'£c;
choice, ti'atl^c; fancy, G@7c.
PRUNES — Are movlnfir slowly, but keep
steady to firm, with quotations ranging from
Z%c to G^c for various grades.
APRICOTS — Attract some Jobbing demand
and rule Eteady, with choice quoted at 9H@
9>£c; extra choice, «9i@10^4c, and fancy, 11
(71 Gc. • "
PEACHES— FJteady. Choice, "Vi&"%c; extra
choice, 7*i©SVic, and fancy. 9 KG 10 lie.
DRIED FRUITS.
HOPS — Firm. State, common to choice,
1903, 24®33c.
HIDES— Firm. .
WOOL— Firm..
PETROLEUM— Firm.
SUGAR— Raw. firm; refined, steady. .
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice,
6 l-10c; mild, firm. Futures onened steady
At an advance of 5'ilO points and afterward
sold up to a level 20 to 30 points higher on
buying by Wall-street bull Interests and cov
erings of shorts, following a sharp rally at
Havre and bullish news concerning the crop
which was considered a full offset to con
tinued full recelots,; Toward the close there
was somewhat of a reaction under realizing,
but the market wae finally steady, net 10 to
20 points higher. Sales, 91,000 bags. Decem
ber. O.iJc; January. 0.25if?G.35c; March, 6.50®
O.C5c; July, 0.95<37.10c; November, 7.35c.
Sixty-day Sterling is higher. Silver Is lower.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days..;. — $4 81%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 84Vi
Sterling' Exchange, cables — 4 85 U
New York Exchange., sight — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 07^
Silver, per ounce — 5."%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 43
Exchange and Bullion':
share was declared; in 1001 It was $t and la
1900 $2 60.
The Gas Consumers* Association paid a regu-
Jar monthly dividend oi 10 cents per share,
amounting to J50CO. yesterday.
Th* trustees of the city of Kern at a recent
meeting decided to call for $10,000 bonds for
fire equipment.
Honolulu Plantation Company « B » e " n ]£ n . t
No. 7 of $1 per share, amounting to fiw.uw.
was delinquent yesterday. a-**a
Hawaiian Government bonds, stoe k A- dated
July 1. 1K)6. numbers 156 to 1S1 inclusive, of
11000 each, are due and payable on and art er
maturity of the next coupon during th« (month
of January. 1904, and Interest will c«aae at
that time. , tl _ m
It is reported that the directors of the Oak
land Bank of Savings have decided to apply
$240,000 of the bank's surplus to <*P» al ; *"* *,
Ing the 0COO shares Issued $73 per share paid
in. Instead or $50 paid in. as at P« 8 f" ( 5' naBk
According to the statement made to the^ DanK
Commission as of November 8. 1903. by the
Oakland Bank of Savings, the capital was
$480,000 and surplus profits $26O.9€O o#. ,
The San Francisco and Pacific st «H**°A™?
will adjourn from Thursday a"'™^*^,?!
ber 24. until Monday morning. D * cem °*L,f^r
over -Christmas, and from Thursday afterno^.
December 31. until Monday morning. January
4— over New Tear's." \ - ;
LOCAL MARKETS:
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 73®
2 50 per box for fancy. $1 25@1 50 for choice,
and SUM 25 for standards; Seedlings. 75e@$t;
Tangerines. $1 50 for, half boxes and $1 for
quarter boxes; Japanese Mandarins. $1®1 50
per box: Lemons . $1©2 per box; Grape Fruit,
$t 50(172 50; Mexican Limes. ti&4 50- Bananas,
$1@2 per bunch for Hawaiian and $?©3 for
Central American; Pineapples, $2@3 50 per
dozen.
were still rather scarce and fancy lots readlljr
crmmanded the top quotation. Tangerines and
Japanese Mandarins were offering freeV* and
were in good request. The latter were quoted
higher. The other Citrus fruit* were in free
supply and unchanged. At least four cars ;of
Navel Orange? will be offered at to-day's auc
tion sale. Stocks of ripe Bananas were heavy,
and as the demand was brisk prices were well
maintained. ¦ A few lots of Grapes were re
ceived and sold at $1 per crate. Strawberries
ariil Raspberries dragged at previous prices
and the light supplies were more than suffi
cient for current needs
STRAWBERRIES — $3@3 50 per chest.
. RASPBERRIES— COe per drawer. , ¦
CRANBERRIES — Cape Cod. $14@15 per bbl.
APPLES— Fancy Spltzenbergs. $1 75©2 per
box; other varieties, $I@1 60 for fancy, 75SOOc
for choice and 25@50c for common ; Christmas
Apples, $1 50@2.
PEARS— Winter Nellls, from cold storage,
$1 50<S2 oer box.
QUINCES — 4O0COc per box.
PERSIMMONS — 5Oc!g$l per box.
... , „ ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1903.
- Venus hj an evening star durteir July
and August and up to the 17th of 8ep
tembofi -•
OREGON. .
PORTLAND, Dec. IT. — WHEAT — Walla
.Walla, 71@72c; Bluestem, 77c; Valley, 7Sc
•The clearances of wheat from this port; for
the week ending to-day were 444,408 bushels. -
WASHINGTON. V
TACOMA. Dec. 17.— WHEAT— Steady. Blue
stem. 7»c; Club, 79c,
Northern Wheat Market.
There Is a boom in Cranberries at the mo-
rcent. ...Stocks are comparatively small, ths
demand I is good and the berries are unusually
flne. Prices are much higher, as will be seen,
lhe movement.in fresh fruits yesterday was
more active-than at any time during the pait
¦vceek. ¦' The demand:, was-'confined chiefly to
Oracges and Apples, but as supplies of both
¦were still In excess pf the -demand, 'prices
•werft no higher.' Well colored Navel Oranges
. . •' T .
' Inactivity still prevails on the local stock
e'xchanges and quotations show no changes wor
thy of note. •" ¦¦ -.-.- - ,
. The First National Bank of San Francisco
= has declared a bonus or extra-dividend of $5 per
share amounting to $75,000. >' The regular dlvl
:dend? of this bank are at the rate Of 10 per
cent per annum",:payable in January and July.
jp Qecejnber, 1902, an extra dividend o| $6 pe'
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES
t>-» STII.I. THEY COME. /TV-w
¦**v BETTES THAg EVEB. -/£*£
HORSES FOR EVERYBODY.
FOURTH CONSIGNMENT FROM
CHURCHILL CO.. YREKA.
AUCTION SALE OF
100 Head Unbroken Mares and Gel-ings
Weighing from 1000 to 1300 pounds, consigned
by Churchill Co.. Yreka, Sisklyou County, from,
their well-known J. F.. C. B. anrt D. ranches.
These horses are blocklly built, have good
feet and legs, and will make good milk, ex-
press, dslivery. bakery, grocery and general
all-purpose horses. They are very eiwiily
handled.
Farmers desiring horses to work or breed
should not talaa this sale. • -
TO BE SOLD
MOXIDAT, SXCmXBEB 21, 1903,
At 11 a. m.. at
SAI.ESYAKD, 1733 MARKET STBEET,
Cor. Van Ness ave.. Pan Francisco. Horses at
yard Saturday. December 19.
FRED H. CHASE A CO..
Successors to Killlp A Co.. Livestock Auc'rs.
DISPERSAL SALE
OF
*S> 54 Thoroughbred Race £-w
Horses, Brood Mares, Etc /tJ *
From the
. MERRIWA STOCK FARM.
R. E. DeB. LOPEZ. Proprietor.
This Is the closing out of tha grandest lot of
Australian and American thoroughbreds ever
offered In this State. There are sons and
daughters of St. Andrew, Maxio. St. Marco,
Limewater, Uncle Jess. Imp. Cliveden, Imp.
Merriwa. Splendor, Castor, First Water, Mas-
net. Sam Lucas, etc There are some grand,
yearlings, two and three year olds tracing to
Muaket, Tattendon and Goldsbrough.
Lisp (half sister to Articulate) will also b»
sold.
As this marks the closing up of this firm
a golden opportunity is afforded horsemen to
get the best representatives of Australasia.
ever offered. Sale takes place
MONDAY EVENINO. Dec. 21. 1003.
Commencing at 7:;i0 sharp, at
OCCIDENTAL. HORSE EXCHANGE*
248 THIRD ST.. Near Fotaom.
Catalogues ready.
Horses at sales yard December 19.
WM. O. LAYNQ. Auctioneer.THE SAN FRANCISCO' CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1903.
14
HELP WA NTED— MAJ LE -~ c yj* *}}_* "* •
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
o'ZU — Sacramento fat. — »-v.
Phone Main 1191. .-^/-^VTro
COAL MINERS— NEW __XICO.
10 ccal miners. NORTH, good wages fare re-
turned: 5 teamsters. $2 2o to ?- »•£
CHICO. BUTTB CO.. HALF FARE;_ s hip
positively to-night— 15 teamsters, $- ~» ana
$2 SO day; 10 tunnelmen. north, very cheap
fare $M and found: 3 tunnelmen. part free
farc ' paJ-?fW CO empL%^e^t_agenc Ii _
W'HT pay big prices to have your
soled when you can get »t done for -j^ £*=
»nd COc while you wait at 5«3 fission st..
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 TUtrdjit^.
WANTED— A man experienced In putting up
blackboa7d: must be competent. Address box
4812, Call office.
i _^g__
WANTED — Marker and distributer. The
French Laundry Company. £172 Mission st.
WANTED— Man In coal yard us?d to business.
E. D. FIEL, Clay an.l Flllmore sts.
BARBER, shop: one chair; good location; well
fitted; cheap. STOLTZ. 7_t Market St.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop on eale. 3512 Tw en-
, tieth st. .
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
#1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.
WANTED Fcr U. S. Marine Corps. abl»"-
b^iedurT-arried men. between 21 and 35:
good character: must speak, read and wrlta
Encash- marines serve at sea on men-of-
waf n a'l parts of the world, on land In our
"Wand pcsserslons and at naval stations in
.>. T-niteVi States Apply at recruiting of-
ft:. Wll. •? SaWranclsco, Cal.. and
401 K st.. Sacra— ento. Cal. m
IF you are not satisfied with your salary-*
have an opening whereby you can earn legit!-
rfately $40 weekly: gentlemanly occupation:
required. 1007 Vi Market st.. rcom 1, near
Sixth. . .
WAVTED An all around bookbinder; one who
W C3~n doforwardlng and flni«i»«ng on full
bounds. Apply SANBORN. \ AIL & CO., .41
Market st. ;
W \NTED— Laborers and mechanics to kn°' w
that Ed Rolktn. Reno House proprietor has
ad.led ICO new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per nlgn..
GENERAL traveling agent. $35 per month
and expenses. YOWELL. 510 Ninth st.. Oak-
land, room 1. _
W \NTED— Experienced barber with * m £l
capital to take charge of a shop. Apply T13
Valencia st. j .
WANTED— Good barber: married man vreter-
red; good wages to right man. Address MX
104. Martinei. .
BARBER shop, down town: very neatly fitted;
good chance for good barber; must sell; can
be bought cheap. STOLTZ. 723 Market st.
PALMER HENDRIKSON. formerly of Seattle.
Is earnestly requested to WrtW to his sorrow-
ing mother or come home.
PENSION ATTT~ M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis Bt. ; 14
yearn' practice; references from thousands or
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
BOY in tlnshop; learn trade; 18 years. 333
Mission st. ______________—»
MEN and women wanted to learn barber
trade under good teacher. 647 Commercial st.
TWO-CHAIR, barber shop for sale. JOE
ROYA. Halfmoon Bay.
MUSICIANS to Join military band. 328 Busa
St.. third Ccor, room 4.
PFNSION atty., E. A. Bui' Is. room 40. Phelan
b'.dg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
McDONALD & FERRY have a large stock of
new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 239 od st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
itet—TCO rooms; 05c night; reading roo~ s;
free 'bus end baggage to and frj— ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for tha reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
\LL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. '563 Mlssicn st.. bet. 1st and 2d sU.
OFT your shoes half soled —hils waiting; 2Ec
to 50c. B£I Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
FOR sale — One of the largest, best located
brick livery stable; long lease at moderate
rent: doing large business paying nlc«
monthly proflt; Is In geed wape and attrac-
tive stable proportion; principals only. .Ap-
ply SCOTT & MAGNER. Hay Merchants.
615 Sixth st. '
SMALL Kentucky jack, good driver or saddle,
$C5: fast brood mare, S^O. 79 City Hail ave.
FOR sale — Second-hand panel top wagr.ns. la-
quire R. NUGENT. IS Tenth st.
FOR eale — Hnr.dsome trap cheap. Addresj
box 3759. Call office.
FOR sale — 3 young horses; slcglo cr ' double.
Apply 9C9 York st.
MUST be soid at sacrifice; 3 good horsea.
327 Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagoa
and go-cart for sale cheap. 832 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd. sur«
r«»y. harness, work, driving horses. 13th- Valencia
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for dr»
cular. G.H.UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list:
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-253 Geary
at., on the square.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post St.
UOtSES FURNISHED— -FOR SALE.
MUST sell at once, folding-bed, dresser, chif-
foniers, leather couch, dining set. carpets.
etc. 1818 Market st.
LOST AND FOUND. ~*
Lo<vr \ pocket-bcok containing two certifi-
cates of stock of the Shiels Estate Company
Issued ta Gecrg» Franklin Shiels, and other
papers Finder will be rewarded by return-
ing same to office of Shiels Estate Company.
32* Bush st.
T.OS7— An old fat brown deerhound bitch.
Flndsr will return same to 2613 Sacramento
St. and receive reward^ >_¦ ¦>¦
LOST Laiy's turquoise and diamond pia. Re-
turn to Verge's Restaurant, 334 Pine St.. re-
ceive^reward.
LOST— A mink cane at Wellesley Hotel fire.
' Finder please return to hotel; reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st., needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
~ MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all fern al»
complaints: Ir.stant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to 826 Pot st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable- specialist for all fa-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. lCCSVi Market st.. opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O p DON NELL — All who ar» sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on* femals
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 101S Market st.
! Drs Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
1 in obstetrics, female complaints; inst. relief;
treatment Slf>; hours. 10 to 5: 25 years' exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1113 Market — Reliable ladies'
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement: be3t medical care; low fees.
DR and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERB3;
original metnod of treatment. 1120 Market st.
DR ROSEN resides 2995 Folsorn st., corner
26th: ladles, relief or no fee: $10.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOJ^Sj--FOR_SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-han5 machinery. McIX-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. ia5-ia* JtotoM «k
DOES YOU P. ROOF LEAK? S
Repair It with elatertte; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
ir-.n tin or ehlng!es; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market «t.
'D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pullevs shaftinsr. etc.. etc.. bought, sola,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.-.
II. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-1S1 Beale. st.
AUTOMOBILES— White Stanhope. 1903 modsl;
can carry four: fine condition; basket, etc.; a
bargain: cost $1400; will sell $700. Address
"Auto." box 31S5. Call office.-
A Fine suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. OUjl.
nal Mlsnt Clothing Parlors. 23S Kearny st.,
near Bush; cpen to 9 p. m., Sunday to noun.
THE^CALL
JOHW D. SFBXC— _ XiS. Proprietor.
AttngCc__ll_atlO_ 18 JOHS HcSADGHT, HTOr
W. J. MARTIX Business Manager.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market end Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week, 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall. lncludir.K Postage (Cash With
Order): .„ „
DAILY CALL (inelud. Sunda-V 1 year.. $8. w
DAILY CALL (inelud. Sunday). 6 mos.. 4.0)
DAILY CALL — By Pinr'e Month ¦ W
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year "••*>
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year • • • • ¦ • * •£>
f r>n'!v fS SO Per \ ear Extra
SSPacf I eundaV;. 4. IS P»r Year Extra
POSjAGE. {weekly.. 1 .00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS
EArcple Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail subscribers In ordering _chanre of afl-
«!re#e should \>m particular to give both NCT
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
rrompt and correct comr-Hance with tneir re-
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 1033
21*8 Center Strett Telephone North 77
XT ASHIN'GTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E CRANE 1406 G Street. N. W.
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf - Astcr-.a. Hotel; A. Brentarso 31
Union Square: Murray Hill Hote!; Fi.tn-a^e-
_M Hcte: and Hoffman House.
CHICVGO NEWS STANDS: J
Hierman Hous£ P. O. New. Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE :
C. GEORGE KROGNESS...Marquette BuiMg
(Long Distance Telephone. '¦Central .619. I
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
BTEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT :
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Fan Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
«r.tl! 12 o'clock every night in the 5 ear.
BRANCH OFFICES:
B2T Montgomery street, corner Clay; open un-
til 9:30 p. m.
SnO Have* street; cpen until 0 p. sn.
639 McAllister street; open until 9.20 p. m.
CIS Larkin street: cpon until 8:30 p. rc.
1*41 Mission street; cpen until 10 p. m.
£!61 Market etreet. ccrner Sixteenth, open
until 9 p. n». o
IOG Eleventh street: open until » p. rfl.
S___fS_S^^ a^VunVn 1 - street,;
NoThVc'^cV^of Twenty -second and
Kentucky streets: open until 9 P- m.
2*C0 FlUm ore street; cpen until i* P- rn.
MEETING NOTICES.
.CALIFORNIA Cosmsr.dery No 1. K.
T— Regular assembly THIh E\EN- HWp
ING at 7 :3li o'clock. Order cf< Temple, kjl
All iraters courteously invited. .
THOMAS H. BROWN. Commander.
T. L. HENDERSON, Recorder,
PACIFIC Lodge No. 13fi. *+£&J£g?±R*
Masonic Temple, meets THIS E\ EN-"5QT
ING at 7:30 o'clock. /»<
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec.
GOLDEN CITY Lodge No. 03. K. of -fgL
P will cenfer the knight rank
THIS (FRIDAY* EVENING, at 7SJ&
'Pythias Castle. All brother knights £gp\.
are cordially ir.vtt.ed to attend. By
order of J- S. COLBY. C. C.
GEORGE THOMSON, K. of R. and S.
A. A. M. and P. of S. V. f»__
Golden Gate Harl.or No. *"- ,1 |'U ' y,
Elecf.cn of officers THIS IK_)__S!> >
(FRIDAY* EVENING. a fg^-^S***^
Liberty Hall. 9t*J Market st. P^^
P. N. STOFEN, Captain.
J. T. JONES. Captain's Clerk.
FAN FRANCIKCO Ter.t No.
1«k K ( > T M — Up view aST~*-— -4«^
THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- o53 0 tjgl
ING. st 8 o'clock. Pioneer M*4JJ x?VtsHj
D. B. RICHARDS. v3£&2__r
Recofd Keeper.
' I I
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of !
the Nevada. National Bank cf San Fran- |
Cisco. Cal.. will be held at i'.s banking i
heese, 301 Montgomery street, San Fran- I
Cisco. Cal.. en Tueeday, January 12. 1904. i
et 3:15 p. m.. for the election of directors j
to serve during the ensuing year, and for
the transaction of euch other business as
tr.ay ccrne before the. meeting.
GEORGE GRAI.'T, Sec.
San Francisco. Dec. 12. 1S03.
ATTQIINEY«-AT-LA\V.
*VvT H. UITTNElT — — —
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Pbone South 743.
Suite £22. Emma SpreckeU tnUldlnr.
Divorces quietly and legally obtained for
right causes; damages secured for Injuries to
person cr estate; replevins for property un-
lawfully detained; attachments and garnish-
ments for debts: bends furnished; bankruptcy
proceedings; wills probated; estates settled;
collections made In all parts o* the U. S.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for «. Mr.all fee.
See tr.e and fave money; no pay in advance
G. W. HOWE, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
E*_b!i£hed 22 yrs. ; mis. 1. 2. 3. 4 _ 5, 1st fl.
1122 _&rket st.. betv.een Mason and Taylor]
Advice free, all matters. Detectives employed!
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bldg.,
Cth floor, entrance room 611; established 20
years: all esses: genera! court and office
practice: no fee in advance or for consulta-
tion; evenlr.gs by appointment. Tel. Red :«J01.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost in meritori-
ous caseg. divorces, probate and all other law
cases: no fees In advance; open every even-
iag. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st.. r. 31.
~ Advice free. ~
Columbian Law and Collectlcn Agency.
Room 85. 316 Market St.: tel. John 6228.
DIVORCE costs $12; cpen evenings; tenants
• >ct-d. $5. 916 Market. r.62;phone Black 651.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12; quick, quiet; advice
fr**: open evenings. 927 Market «u. r. 301. '
_. S. CLARK. Emma Epreckels bids-. 927 Mar-
ket et. : consultation free: no fees ta advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
!sw busir-eis. W. W. Davidson. 027 Market.
ninns, dogs, etc. ~
WARBLING canaries, talking parrots; all
kinds cf eong end fancy birds; gcldflsh. seed
c&ges. etc. Give us a trial; wa will please
you. 1546 Market tt.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
LADY wishes one or two chlldren~to~board";
good home. 219^ Tehama st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
STRANGERS. ATTENTION! " ~™~~~
Are you looking for a safe and profitable bus-
inete opening in San Francisco? If so. we can
offer y;u any number requ'r.n? an investment ,
fr-m $100 to $50,000: every business oppoi-
turity that j'sbsps through our office must
stand the closest investigation, and we can
place you in a store, factor*-, hotel, mill, of-
fice, cr. In fact, any business you may prefer;
kindly rail end investigate.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321. Emma Fprecke-le building.
A— 5 PER CENT MONTHLY.
On Investments of $100 and i-pward: no "get-
rich -quick" swindle, turf speculation cr gam-
bling scheme, but a reputable, established
business enterprise In Ssn Francisco; cleared ,
*67.0C0 last year en $100,000 capital; stock
Increased $20,000 to enlarge the plant; call or
•write for particulars.
G_P.MANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— MERCHANTS, ATTENTION.
Dc you wish to enlarge your business, or do
you derire additional capital? If so, we can'
furnish you with an active cr silent partner
• who will in\-est from $100 to $50,000; we
ha -e a larcre number of desirable applicants ;
en our books seeking good business openings 1
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO.. '
Buit 321. Emma £preckeis building.
A — $2000; GROCERY and produce store across
the b2y: established 10 year*: full value;
cheap rent. Central Agency, 003 Market st.
A — 52000; PARTNER in madhouse across the
bay: 20 rooms; & acres land; long lease;
cheap rent; fine trade; great opportunity.
Central Agency. 393 Market Bt.
A — $850; EALOON; most central location;
north of Market; vicinity of theater; full
value; big trade. Central Agency. 993 Markt.
EALOON* In wholesale district; must be sold
en account of sickness of proprietor: rent
reasonable; good receipts; closes et C p. m.
Box 3195, Cell ofScc
JEMPLO Y31 ENT WANTED — MALE.
VALET — A > neat younc man desires position
either as valet ! or butler; la of good and
cheerful disposition, does not use liquors or
tobacco; has traveled, extensively with in-
valid gentleman: can procure Al references.
OSCAR A. GARDELL. 1410 Howard st.
WANTED— Position as night clerk by sober,
reliable man. Box 31SJ, Call office.
A NEAT, reliable Japanes? would like a posi-
tion as schoolboy; speaks good English; thor-
oughly understands housework and cooking.
WADA, 1410 Pine st.
YOUNG Chinaman wishes position as cock.
AH SING, 051 Dupont st.
JAPANASE b;y wants a position at housework;
plain ccok. 121 Halght st. K. IMAI.
GOOD Clilnt-se cook wants position in private
family. CHUNG WING, U02 Clay «t.
! EXPERT OPTICIAN.
I G_O^^E"?XAY~ERL_^~GLASSES~are far~su~-
j:erior to all others for reading, working or
distance, weak eyes, poor sight, ii»adache.
dizziness, nervousness, cloudiness of vision,
floating spots, pain In or about the eyes, be-
hind the head or In the temples, sore or in-
flamed eyes or eyelids, watery, itching, smart-
ing, twitching, scratching eyes, cross eyes,
"gluey, crusty or heavy eyelids and many
otlur eye troubles. Mayerle's classes are
used by th? highest United States army, navy
and Government officials and most eminent
clergymen, educators, doctors, lawyers and
men who appreciate the soothing and strength-
ening ! effect of these glasses. GEORGE
MAYERLE'S EYEGLASSES make an ex-
cellent Xmas eift:. sent by express; can be
tried before paying charges; German eye-
water, 50c. by mail 62c. GEORGE MAY-
ERLE. GERMAN EXPERT OPTICIAN. 1071
Market st."
FACIA - MASSAGE.
A — WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
anieed, new method: 50c. M. LUTON. mani-
curing parlors, 764 Larkin st. ; phone Polk 17.
FINANCIAL. '
A^ 5 PER CENT MONTHLY
On Investments of $1CO and upward; no "get-
rlch-qultk" swindle, tiyf speculation or gam-
bling scheme, but a reputable, established
business enterprise In San Francisco; cleared
$t)7,000 last year on $100,000 capital; stock
Increased $20,000 to enlarge the plant; call or
write for particulars.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Mdrket st.
COMPANIES Incorporated, financed and stock
floated. W. H. BITTNER,., Lawyer and Fl-
nanclal Agent. 322 Emma Spreckels bldg.
FLATS TO L_TT% \
A — HOUSES and fiats to let; an immense list;
tenrlce absolutely free: take advantage of
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furr.ituie Co.; 243-2&« Geary
tt.. on the square.
ALL of the most desirable ilats an<l houses are
listed In our renting department: let us give
you a list and help you find one in the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. 1030 Market St.; services abso-
lutely free.
MCALLISTER. 1909, near park— Sunny lower
fiat, 3 rooms: rent ?11.
FLAT. 3 rooms and large basement! 140 Rose
j avenue, near Octavla st.
j FURNITURE WANTED.
A— Highest price paid for fur..carpets, etc Mrs
T. B. Selby. Equitable Fur. Co.. 812 Larkin.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. L H.
BURD. auctloneer.lSIS Mkt.Uel. Howard 2756.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Re.d +102.
buys, rents, repair?, packs furniture, carpets.
HELP AY ANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— A lady to travel for an old estab-
v-llsheJ house of 'eolld financial standing; good
salary and expenses weekly; expenses ad-
¦ vanced;' pleasant work; new line*, good refer-
ences and security required. Address box 271,
Sacramento. Cal.
PIANO- player for saloon. 005 Ktarny st. .
BUSINESS CHANCES — Conllnni-fl.
R. G. WILKE. Real Estate and Business
Agent (established 14 years), 2t>',4 Kearny
et., rooms u and 10.
I A — $1COO COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
the water front, close to Market 8t. ; dally
receipts about $05; business clearing $300
per month; trial given; a splendid offer; In-
vestigate at once. See K. G. WILKE, 2SVi
Kearny st.
A — $3T)00; HOTEL and barroom with 30 rooms,
in Point Richmond; rent $100: rooms always
occupied by employes of railroad and Stand-
ard Oil Company; board bill guaranteed by
company; owner never clears less than $300
per month. Call R. G. WILKE. 26 & Kear-
ny st.
A— $1SCO; HALF Interest in one of the best
corner saloons on water front: lease; dis-
agreement of partners cause of sale; will
eell whole for $3400. Call R. G. WILKE,
2G«4 Kearny Bt.
A — $1250; CORNER raloon on Fourth St., close
to S. P. freight sheds; 8 furnished rooms
and kitchen: a good paying business. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny Et.
A — $800; DAIRY produce and delicatessen
store; rent $22; business clears above $100
per month; living rooms; value in sight.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $1200; COFFEE ealoon and bakery; close to
Phelan building; a good paying business,
but must be sacrificed oa account of owner
being sick in hospital. Particulars, R. O.
WILKE. 2C^ Kearny st.
A WHOLESALE and retail butcher business
in Monterey County, with 5 acres of land,
dwelling house, slaughter house, shop fix-
tures, boiler, tank, etc.; 8 horses, wagons
and a well established trade; this Is a first-
class business proposition. All particulars.
It. G. WILKE. 2«V4 Kearny st.
A— $;;500; CORNER ealoon, about 1 block south
of Chronicle bldg.; established years and a
first-class paying place: fullest Investigation
solicited; this is a very rare chance. Call
K. G. WILKE. 26V& Kearny s^
A— $3000; GENERAL merchandise store about
CO miles from this city; a well-established
and first-class paying business; yearly tales
about $15,000; all carh trade: a very rare
chance. Particulars. R. G. WILKE. 26^i
Kearny et.
A— $2500; DELICATESSEN store with lunch-
room; rent $20; a good, paying business;
large stock; owner clears at least above ex-
penses $125 per month; sickness only cause of
sale. R. G. -WILKE, 20Vi Kearny st.
WANTED — To buy from owner, good Euro-
I»ean hotel or rooming-house 75 to 100 rooms;
modern: must stand investigation. Address
tox 4S13. Ca!l office.
A— WORKINGMAN'S boarding-house; good lo-
catlon: low rent; steady boarders; no agents.
Box 2S03. Call office.
I HAVE S20C0 or more to invest with parties
with equal amount in bookmaking at 'Frisco.
Address box 3191'. Call office.
$1000— PARTNER; can make $10,000 a year.
Particulars 931 Larkin st.
I HAVE $2dOO or more to invest with two or
more parties with equal amount in book-
making at 'Frisco. Address box 3190. Call
office.
HAVE you anything to sell or money to invest?
Write us tor particulars; agents everywhere.
Altadena Investment Syndicate, 708 Market
et., San Francisco, Cal.
FOR rale or trade— Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located in Cal.: assays $40 to $70 ton;' trade
for r'm'g house or business.Cameron.3 Eddy.
] FOR rale — Best little restaurant In city; rent
$45; central; receipts $35 to $4O day; must
If ave town: price $1200 CAMERON. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Der.tal practice, established 9 years,
instruments and furnished house of 7 rooms,
$1000; or dental practice $5C0. Box 4SC2. Call.
WANTED— Partner with $200 in theatrical
company. Bex 3191. Call office.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
Established 18 ¦ years.]
We will sell any house]
MARION on the Installment plan.]
GRIFFIN. Business — is — Booming.]
Call. write or phone us]
for big free list of houses.]
Title abstract furnished free 1 .!
[Room 406. "Examiner" Building.]
Phone Black 3607. Take elevator to 4th floor.
Corner 3d and Market sts.. San Francisco.
TO LET, elegantly furnished C-room flat.
HERE'S your chance: Big transient house.
hea\'ily mortgaged; must be sold at once; will
clear $500 month if rightly managed. .
OVER $300 proflt monthly; 53 rooms; nice
corner; clean ae a new pin.
GOLDEN* GATE ave.: 20 roorr.a: house built
one year ago; mahogany and oak furniture;
heavy Brussels carpets; income $111 over rent.
; ONE floor; 24 rooms, centrally located: rent
$S0; bank book shows $100 month profit last 12
months; price $1200; an impending wedding.
BEAUTIFULLY furnished; 60 rooms; house
well known throuehout the State; ele\"ator;
I clears $300 month; $COCO; % cash; 4- year
| lease; exact book accounts are kept.
HOUSE of 40 rooms. 4 blocks of Market;
price $3000; building and furniture 1 year old.
CENTER of city; 17 large, outside, sunny
rooms; rent $50; monthly Income $154.
NEW, beautiful brick building of 140 rooms;
electric elevator: electric lights; splendidly ap-
pointed; magnificently furnished in quarter-
sa*.vcd oak and bird's-eye maple.
TRANSIENT house < " 23 roomc, clearing
$125 month: reduced fiv.i $2100 to $1700; %
down and monthly installments; rent $100.
NEW house gorgeously furnished In velvet
and bird's-eye maple; 37 rooms; 5-year lease;
clears $175 month; for sale on easy terms.
PARTLY furnished 22 rooms, north of Mar-
ket, to exchange for a flat; better come /arly.
NEAR Hyde et.: 12 rooms, $600; clears $40
month; housekeeping; sunny side of street.
HOTEL — 83 rooms; oak and cherry furni-
ture; big business: big tar trade; solid mahog-
any bar; price $6500: long established house.
A CAMERON & CO., Phone 1050.
3 Edj!y St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
23 r.; near Market: lease; $600 down.. $2250
«0 r.; rent $->O0; Mark»t: clears $300 mo. 3000
7 r. ; Van Ness; rent $22 50; home 1*25
20 r. ; new. mod., elegantly furnished.. 2500
11 r. ; rent $C0; new; fine fur.; clears $17 850
B r.: _llis; rent $35: fine home; snap... 550
CS r.: cheap rent: clears $300 to $400.. 8500
30 r.; rtnt .<35; good fur.: clears $100.. 2000
12 r.; rent $40; close in; well furnished.. 600
I 8 r. ; up. fiat: everything mod.; departure 750
3 r. : rent $20; cor, flat: Leav.; snap . 225
20 r. : new house: furniture; clears $S0. 2500
« r. ; rents .$50; modern; finely furnished 500 |
22 r.; rent ?80; lease; clears $100 1700;
11 r. ; Ed«Jy; rent ?50;well fur. iclears $38 750 ¦
34 r. : fine: downtown; makes b'.g money 3200
8 r. : rent $42: modern flat; elegant fur.. 400
14 r. ; rent $75: oak fur.; good carpets.. 000
12 r. ; close In: well furnlvhed; bargain. 1100
17 r..; downtown; always full; clears $115 1600
8 r. : close ln><golden oak; moquet car-
pets, hair mattresses; cost {1500; in-
come $68: snap 900
7 r.; rent $40; middle flat: oak fur 350
21 r.; rent $S5;well fur.;lease;clears $100 1700
14 r.; cheap rent; good fur.; snap ' 900
11 r. ; rent $40; newly renov. ; clear $43. 500.
1J r.; central; Post; part cash... 1100
44 r. ; rent S44; big money-maker 30T0
25 r.; rent $70: oak fur.: leaving city... 1350
60 r. ; new, mod. building; elegantly fur.;
central; long lease; must be sold; offer:
wanted
10 r. : mod. fiat; elegant fur.; clears $54;
cost $2200; will sacrifice; must leave
city
9 r.; fiat; rent $40; mod.; clears $.45;
departure 450
C. E. HINKLEY. C. E. HINKLEY.
Phon* Mint 79C. -
1020 Market f<t., opp. Fifth.
Our Guarantee. Satisfaction to All.
Former Patrons My Best References.
SUNNY corner. 21 rooms; clears $75; half block
from Market st. : speculation at $000.
.HINKLEY. 1020 MARKET ST.
SNAP— 10-room. modern flat; rent $40; a prize
at $450.
HINKLEY, 1020 MARKET ST.
PROFITABLE roomlnsr-house; 22 rooms; 3
years' lease; clears $S7 £0; gentlemen room-
ers; locked door: present owner conducted
house 9 years; a good Investment.
1 HINKLEY, 1020 MARKET ST. .*;':.'
SPECIAL— 85 rooms; $1000 cash, balance 1 per
cent: newly furnished; price $5000; this Is a
grand opportunity to Becure a good paying
house on easy terms.
HINKLEY. 1020 MARKET ST.
EXQUISITE furnishings; 60 rooms; new mod-
ern apartment-house; grand entrance; lease;
clears $300: liberal terms: a little gem: see
¦ HINKLEY, 1020 MARKET ST.
MODERN — 120 .rooms;, rent lees than $5 a
room; up to date In every respect: finely fur-
nished; books open; , clears $350 to $400
monthly: prlc« $6000; part cash, balance easy.
HINKLEY, 1020 MARKET ST.
•WORKINGMEN'S house; 20 rooms; one floor;
electric lights; rent $40; amazingly low price;
$650.
HINKLEY. 1C20 Market St.. opp Fifth.
LOOK — $120; 5 rooms, furnished; close In;
chG*D«fct rent in city. 097 Market, TO. 200.
EDUCATIONAL — Continned^
CAXD?O^NIA~BusTness College. 305 Larkin st.
"A thorough school": positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual In-
struction. Write 1 * fcr Illustrated catalogue.
HINMAN'S Acadmy; a thorough school of
.lancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine and California; both adult an<l i
children's classes are now open for the season.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
* for the university, lay and medical colleges;
ref.'. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
THE PAUL GERSON School of Acting, the
foremost Institution of the kind in the entire
West: 12 teachers; send for catalogue. Na-
llve Sons' bldg.. 414 Mason st.
HEALD'S School of Mines & EIectrlcity.24 Post
Ft., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering:
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonia Hall. Howard St.. nr.
Oth. Prof. Foster: society dancing taught.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr.Cth.
OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post st.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts fcr farm help, etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powel 1. Tel. Main 5752.
A GRAND Japanese-Chinese' Emp. Office, 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 1C8: expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chlnrse Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S*.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411& O'Farrell: tel. East 426.
CHINESE 1 and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY ft CO.. 610 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman wishes
working housekeener's position: good work,
neat and reliable. MRS. FAIRBANKS, Co-
tatl, Sonoma Co.
EXPERT 8t°noEr«iplier desires high-class po-
sltton. Box 3194. Call.
A GERMAN lady would like a place; can do
general housework, also a little washing;
wages not under $20. Box 48S3, Call office.
STRONG young girl wants place, good family,
to do ¦ housework. Inquire 214 Austin ave.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church Bt».
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. «33_ McAllister Bt.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTEP— MALE.
FIRST CLASS electrician with some technical
training and » years' experience In electric
light and puwer'plant (alternating and direct)
and all renalrs, desires position In city or
country: letters of recommendation. Box
4S17. Call office. ¦
CARPENTER and cabinet maker; sober, hon-
est: 30 years' experience; handy mechanic
for. store or hotel; best references. Box 451S,
Call office.
POSITION, wanted by young man; Al sales-
man: knowledge of gents' furnishing or
clothing trade; retail or wholesale; 3 years'
experience. Box 4540. Call office. '
WANTED— Positions by 3 young men; of good
. • appearance, fair education; will do any-
'• thing; must have employment at once. Box
3106. Call office.
BARBER desires a position for evenings and
. Saturday. (Sun.). 1410 Larkin et.. nr. Califor-
nia. Call before 0 a. m. and after 4 p. m. ex-
cejt Sun.
WANTED— By reliable, experienced man, po-
sition as gardener; understands flowers, vege-
tables; fruits; can groom, milk; excellent ref-
erences. Address box SSI, Call office.
CARPENTER, work direct from owners, $3
day or contract, by reliable carpenter; git
my address. Box 4821, Call. • ¦
MAN; wants a position on private place; can
take care, of horses and other; stock; handy
with tools. Box 4S86, Call office.
FIRST and second cock wish positions in min-
ing boarding-house or s camps. ; 312 1 Jessie bt.
BARTENDER— Young man, night or day. Box
4520. Call office. ¦
LODGING HOUSES KOIVSAXJa— -Con _y
FOK SALE— A BOARDING-HOUSK; MEDIUM
SIZE; ELEGANTLY FURNISHED; LOCA-
TION BEST IN THE CITY; LEAoK;
OWNER LEAVING TOWN. BOX 2J>5o.
CALL OFFICE.
i a— $3000; PRIVATE boarding-house, with 40
elegantly furnished rooms, on Van Ness ave.:
rooms always occupied and first-class patron-
age. See R. G. WILKE. 26'^ Kearny st.
FOR eale — Modern 8-room flat; central: two |
months furnished: $3CO down, balance 525
per month; obliged to leave city; snap.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy «t.
SPIRITUALISM.
PROF Fred P Evans, noted psychic for slate-
I writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy et., nr. Octavia; phone Scott feSi. _
A-ETHEL CRINDLE: materializing seance
Friday eve.; 50c. 328 Ellis; 8 o'clock.
MEDIU_7~card reader; ladies only; readings
25c up. 4l2»i Tehama st., bet. 5th and btn.
Seer Egyptian, Hindoo occult; reads dally: cir-
cles AVed., Fri.. Sun., 8 p. m.; 10c. 540 Ellis st.
EDWARD.EARLE, 1C32 Ellis, readings dally.
9:30 to 4; seances Sunday a.nd Thursday. •
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— PAUL DESTINE,
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
Read Carefully. An Honest Proposition.
No Charge No Charge
Unless you cbtain the information for which
you consult me.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
[ make no charge if I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I promise to
tell you if husband, wife cr sweetheart is true
or false; tell who and when you will marry: in
fact, 1 will tell every hope, fear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; I reunite the
separated, restore lost affections, cause speedy
and happy marriage, give you good luck, re-
store lest energy; 10 a. m. to S p. m. ; Sun. 2-0.
320 O'Farrell St.; low fee this week— $1, $1, $1.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-.
1 nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg. ; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description cf the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in iho future; if you are in trouble, dls-
t-ontented or r.ct satisfied with life, cr have
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
this great medium and you will be told how
to overcome them; valuable advice in all af-
fairs of life; 25c up: satisfaction guaranteed;
readings by mail. Tel. Black 4569.
A - LI\'o"r"no! ~~
.The Wcrld-Renowned Palmist
And Crystal Gazer.
34 Kearny st., over Hammersmith fc Field's;
see portrait of Mme. Livorno and original
testimonials from distinguished people at en-
trance; 3 questions by mail, $1. . Send month
and year of birth. ; j
ISMAR. the Kgyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and I
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St., cor. Turk; private readings daily, 10 a. |
m. to 5 p. m. : readings by mail as satlsfac- i
tory at> in person; 3 questions answered, $1; i
full life. Jo; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; dont send currency; send postoffice,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MME. VEINA, wonderful trance medium and
card readfr: just returned from long ab-
sence. 406 Geary Ft., near Mason, room 1.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERG. palmist, clair-
vnyant. card reader; when others fail try me;
good reading 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given: 25c up. 5 4th St., near Market.
MISS WARP, removed to !)17 Market, rs. 11^12
gives names, dates and facts. Hours 11 to 9 pm.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
mo vcfl frjm 132 eth to 23% (1th; la. 25c. g. 5Cc.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city
2U% Kearny, room 20; ladies, 25c. gents 50c;
MISS ZEMDAK, younfr Kiftert clalr. and palm.;
i names; L. 50c. G. $1. 714 Franklin, nr.G.G.ave.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; slT^
tings daily. 44S'/, Jessiest.. bet. 5th and (ith.
CAHPKT^ BK ATIAG AXP CLE AXIXG.
AIR now universally used in cleaning carpets
on floor, without removal; price moderate-
S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co., Call
building. Phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 355-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
TRY Hopke Bros.; carpet b?atin?; mattresses
made over. 1432 Howard: tel. South 219.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1SC9 Har-
rison st.; Al cleaning; 3c; tel. Mission 225.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st •
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-boating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
COLLECTIOX OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected, for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery,_ rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
CSSDIT CLOTKKE3.
c."f^ adXms co ~~
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from hats to
shops; everything up tp date at cash prices.
Credit Tor all. 318 Mason st.
BUY your suits and overcoats at LICHTEN-
STEIN BROS., 25 Stockton st.. on small
weekly payments; goods delivered on first
payment.
CUBES EUPTUSE.
WHO DOES IT? HUNTER. 1206 Market st.
Send for circular. Why will you suffer?
DEXTISTS.
£>r7~g:iUSS. 504-5-6 Callaghan bldg.. Market
and McAllister sts.. uses the Basford Obtun-
der, the only device ever invented for grind-
Ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call *t office. "
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates, are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per get; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW pl«te — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates. $5: full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
a! ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon dentist,
room 14, Phelan building. San Francisco.
PARIS Dental Parlors 235 Kearny, .cor. Bush-
Set teeth $1 60 up; crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver. 35c: crowns, $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewitt.204 Sutter.
V : DETECTIVES.^ L^^»
WESTERN Detective Agency attends to all
legitimate detective work, civil and criminal,
fhadowlng, investigations, private Informa-
tion; charges reasonable. Parrott bldg., room
4«j5. Telephone Howard 2551.
¦¦—¦——¦ i —— » — <— — — — — —
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mrkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
CALIFORNIA Business College will move the,
first of the year to Its new home, S00-«^5
Golden Gate ave.. occupying 18.000 square
feet, the entire top floor of the new and spe-
cially fitted building of the Pioneer Automo-
bile Co.. delightfully located opposite Jeffer-
son Square. Every modern Idea looking to
the health, cemfort and beet advancement of
our ttudents will be Incorporated. All de-
partments are to be reorganized and refur-
nish'.d throughout. When occupied It will be
the largest, finest and most complete business
college west of Chicago.
Write at once for our- 75-page illustrated
catalogue., telling all about our special 25 per
cent removal discount rates.
, Address 300 Larkin st. for the present.
ALWAYS' the 'beet— We' are ' enlarging " our
¦" quarters 50 per, cent; other schools are mov-
ing further out to secure cheap rent; our lo-
cation Is central, among the business houses,-
, giving advantages In securing positions, aleo
convenient car service; experienced business
men as. teachers; actual business bookkeep-
ing; Gregg shorthand (used in half the
schools in America) ; typewriter at home
free. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1236 Market st.
AYRES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket st.: established IS years; life scholar-
ship, $f-0; Jjookkeeplng, shorthand/ touch typ-
ing, arithmetic, selling, etc. ; positions se-
cured; the college refurnished with new
typewriters and furniture Jan. 1. Catalogue
free. ' ...... ......... .
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST, S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthend. touch i typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day. ev. : est. 1S64. Van
<Ser Nailler. School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION.. ..Day and
PAKTINGTON'S, 424 Pine St.... Night class.
HELP WAJfTEP— -FEMALE — Cow.
EMPORIUM WANTS
EMPORIUM WANTS
EMPORIUM WANTS
AT ONCE
v ' AT ONCE
1 AT ONCE
1 1C0 SALESLADIES
100 SALESLADIES
100 SALESLADIES
AND
AND
AND
LAHIES FOR CASHIER?.
LADIES FOR CASHIERS.
LADIES FOR CASHIERS.
Apply Superintendent's Office— THE EMPO-
RIUM.
"WANTED — Girl for general housework. 2 in
family, $35; cook, little washing. $35; cook,
country hotel, $30: second girl, Oakland. $»>0;
4 second girls, $25: chamber work, private
family, fM; 2 maids and seamstresses, $25;
2 nurse girls. $2o-$25; English nurse, country,
?:>0; 4 hotel waitresses, $25-$30: chamber-
maid and waiting. $23; waitress. Monte-
rey, $25: housework. Sausalito. $30; laun-
dress fcr home. $25; kitchen helper for Insti-
tution, $25; nurse to lady. $25. and 54 gener-
al housework girls. $20, ?25, $30. J. F. CttO-
SETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
AT San Francisco Employment Bureau. 17
Fourth st. — Housework for 2, city. $6 a
week; girl for housework of 4. city, $25: very
light work, no washing or ccokrng. $15; sales-
ladies. f.-»ncy department, Oakland. $6 a
week; light chamber work, city, $10: Swedish
girl fcr housework of 2. city. $20. Phone
Grant 20. '.-.y---
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdresslns.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks: $5 to those entering now: 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 ner week up; leading school in
Wept. 233 Geary st.. rcom 13^
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son: both seasons tausrht from start to finish
in 1 month for $10; positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk. up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A— LADIES to learn all branches hatrdressing
trade; menicurlnsr, massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket »t.. cor. Jones, room 54; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. cTass; call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARi ;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO/S
FACTORIES. 32Vi FREMONT ST. AND 1S.3
MISSION, NEAR FIFTEENTH.
MILLINERY salesladies who are laying oft be-
tween the seasons can find profitable employ-
ment over the holidays. Apply superintend-
ent's office, the Emporium. ___
WANTED — Experienced salesladies at
STRAUSS & FROHMAN'3. 107 Post st.
YOUNG girl, light housework. Call morning
10 to 12. lt>29 Sutter st. ¦ ,
GOOD restaurant waitress; wages $3 a. week;
• one day cff. 7 Taylor «t. .
WANTED— Pvestaurant waitress; good pay. 631
Clay st.
A GOOD woman wanted to take care of baby
1 year old; good home for the right party;
state age, reference, and salary expected.
Apply box 4818. Call office.
A STRONG, energetic woman between 40 and
50, without encumbrance?, who can leave
city. Box 4822, Call.
FIRST-CLASS salesladies wanted for perma-
nent positions. Call at J. M. LEVEE & CO.,
corner Powell and Geary sts.
WANTED — A young girl for general house-
work; references; wages $20. 1014 Powell st.
PIANO olayer for saloon. C00 Kearny «t.
i FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnfshed. Miss)
M. G. Barrett. Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
A BRANCH office cf The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscrlsticns has
been evened * at 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
HELP WA.\TED MALE.
A— M uHlTAT^^tETDY7^83Te3ircTajrsT
Phone Main 584$.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1002 We Gave 1903 Well Give
*5,0CO .Men Work. ; CO.COO Men Work.
ARIZONA, <!lose to PRESCOTT.
Machinist, country. "
2 boys learn machinist and other trades, $4.
Boy, fruit stare. $6.
LOOK.
Assistant marker, laundry, fare $1. $60.
Ironrr. $i:3. south; nurse. $25 and found.
Porter, grocery, country, references, $30 and
found.
S 4 waiters. $25 to $30: cook, fare $1. $50: Ger-
man or Scandinavian ccok and wife, hotel,
$50 and found.
Man as cook, wife as waitress, city, $40 fd.
" coatmckers. $5 coat.
Carriage trimmer, eld Mexico, free fare.
DON'T FORGET— $3.
ARIZONA TO-DAY PP.ESCOTT.
Steady Jobs; 2 years. BIG WAGES.
ITALIANS.
40 Italians to chon wocd; tools found.
LOOK.
Concrete finisher, fare $1 50. $4 day.
Sexton, Catholic church, fare $1. $25 found.
LOOK.
Swedish man. country 'store, boss here. $50.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
NEW R. R. WORK.
155 Italians or Portuguese. *60.
155 Greeks or Spaniards. $«O.
15ft Austrlans or Mexicans. $60.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
FARMER and wife. $45 and found: baker,
country shop. S15 week and found: hotel cook,
$?5 and found; cook, private family hotel.
$10 week and found; broiler or fryer. $50,
and other*. J. F. CROSETT & CO.f 623 Sac-
ramento st.
A FIRST-CLASS all-round restaurant cook as
relief. $20 a week: first-class fryer and broil-
er. $16 a week. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY.
5» Third ft. Phone Bush 405.
WOODSMEN.
Big Lumber Company. North. Redwood,
fi'bucker*. $50 a month and board. * '•"¦
6 crosscutters, *50 a month and board.?
COAL MINERS.
6 coal miners. 6-ft. vein. $1 a ton.
OREGON— FARE ADVANCED.
A SECOND butler for good, steady city place;
$** nn<l found: references. MISS PLUN-
KETT. 525 Sutter st., near Powell.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12—
Night watchman. *25; dishwasher. $30.
WANTED — For U. 8. army, able-bodied, un-
married men. between ages of 21 and 35. citi-
zens of United States, of good character and
' temperate habit!", who can speak, read and
write English. For Information apply to Re-
cruiting Officer. Rlalto building. New Mont-
gomery st.. San Francisco, or Masonic build-
ing. Sacramento. Cal. '
A— '- L — L
Men to learn the barber trade in two months
and secure good positions; catalogue and full
Inform* t'on mailed free. MOLER System
College. B35 Clay st.
WANTED— Experienced furnishing goods MMles-
man: no others need apply. Call S. N. WOOD
&¦ CO.. T40 Market «t. „__ j
UNIVERSITY and" college students to act aa
salesmen, etc.. during the holidays. Apply
. superintendent's office. The Emporium.
TRY~ our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
St 50 r«* P*lr. fnot-fo— n shoes at $2 50. or
rrth-pedl; sho's. $T SO: best *hoe; en *******}
Third St.. Exam, bid jr.. 5 doors frcm Market.
WANTED — Young men wrappers. Apply su-
Ar!ntonJen£s_offl_VJ»« Emporium.
WANTED— llandy man. *65 month; must hare
$250. Grocery ; jm_I^£k|n_t ;
rvpVmEN'CRT) printing salesman wanted.
___J_-_jg L L IXS CO.. 22 Clay St.
WANTED— Bov to work Saturdays. Stalls 1-3.
Union Square Market, Powell et. .
GOO Dbarber for Saturday at 005 Fourteenth
St.. Oakland^ . j
WANTBD^G'JP'l artUts for poster work by
ieadlrgadvertlslng firm. Box 3102. Call.
GREEN hands for South Seas at 26 Steuart Bt.
WANTED— Non-union shinglers; union price.
Inquire 16 Chronicle bldg.. S. F-, 12 to 2 p.m.
BRIGHT, honest boy wanted for a bakery.
- Apply at 313 Sixth st. : |
WANTED — An elevator boy. 29 Stockton st.
MEN to lean barber trade. San Francisco
Barber College; 741A Howard st.
— — — ____—___— i — — ¦— — ' — ¦ : " -^ -__ B T mmmm W m^\ f^ mm f mmm '
VERY ATTRACTIVE SALT AND PEPPER SHAKEK__rKbb
To Want Advertisers
#
A HANDSOME NICKEL-PLATED——.
Salt and Pepper Shaker
(Neatly Boxed)
i
This is an attractive and useful Novelty of
handsome appearance, highly nickel-plated and
made with a very pretty celluloid band, and will
be four.d quite useful for picnics and outdoor
parties, traveling, etc. These articles are packed .
in a neat little box and will be found to be a.
most desirable household utility.
Offered Free as a Premium to
Snasniday Call Want Advertisers
only, and can Jbe obtained in no
other way : : : : : : : :
* Bring your little Want Ad. to THE CALL
Business Office, Third and Market Streets;. 1008
Market Street, City, and to THE CALL Branch
at 1 1 18 Broadway, Oakland, and get one of these
useful premiums absolutely-free.
—THIS OFFER OPENS FRIDAY MORN-
ING AND CLOSES SATURDAY NIGHT AT
# 10 O'CLOCK SHARP.
I In these columns you can §eI3 your I
wares and gain your wants!HEAVY 'BAIL FOR THUGS
DEMANDED BY McKIXLEY
Bonds of $5000 Each Asked for Re
lease of the Highbinders Ar
rested by Wittman.
Dea Seek Ngee, Lee Chin, Loui Bin
and Chin Yin, the highbinders recent
ly turned over to the Federal author
ities by Chief of Police Wittman, were
taken before United States Court Com
missioner Heacock yesterday after
noon for identification. O. P. Stidger.
who. appeared for two of the
prisoners, ' asked that bail be
fixed in the usual amount, $500
for each, but Assistant United
States District Attorney B. L. McKin
ley said that owing to the peculiar
features of the case he would ask that
bail be fixed at $5000 for each of the
defendants. Judge Heacock said that
he would pass upon the matter of bail
this morning.
'The prisoners are known to the po
lice as professional thugs and are sus^
pected of having, been connected with
some of the recent outrages in the
Chinese quarter. January 11 at 10 a.
m. has been fixed as the time for the
preliminary exa'mination.
* All leather goods lettered In gold frea
of charge. Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Mar
ket st. • ¦ *
PHILADELPHIA. Dec. 17. — The Hamburg*
American line steamship Assyria, which
grounded In the Delaware River Monday,
floated to-day uninjured and proceeded to
Hamturg.
.The Coroner's jury charged Milton
with murder and after a preliminary
examination in the Police Court he was
held to answer. During the progress
of the trial of the Nolan gang for bru
tally beating and robbing Mrs. Mat
thews in her home on Haight street
the defendants in that case endeavored
to- connect Milton with. the crime, but
were unsuccessful. Milton will be sen
tenced by Judge Lawlor next Tuesday
and the death penalty will no doubt
be imposed, as the Jury made no rec
ommendation for mercy.
A jury in Judge Lawior's department
of the Superior Court last evening, aft
er deliberating for twenty-five minutes,
returned \ a verdict of murder in the
first degree against Henry Milton, alias
Lupton. who held up and robbed James
Gilleece on the morning of April 15 on
Eleventh street, between Mission and
Market.
Shortly ' after midnight on April 15
Gilleece, an aged saloon-keeper on
Ninth street, closed his establishment
and started homeward. "While passing
a dark alley on Eleventh street he wa3
confronted by Milton and ordered to
throw ud his hands. The old man, in
stead of complying with the demand,
grabbed* his assailant and a struggle
ensued. Milton then fired a shot at his
victim, causing him to release his hold.
At this juncture Patrolmen D. J. Keo
hane and T. F. Slattery. who were in
the neighborhood, arrived on the scene
and the desperate criminal snapped his
revolver at the officers, but the car
tridges failed to explode. After a hand
to-hand battle Milton wad finally over
powered and taken to the City Prison.
Gilleece was removed to the Central
Emergency Hospital and subsequently
died at another institution from the ef
fect of his wound.
Holds Up Saloon Han and in
Struggle Which Ensues Fires
Fatal Shot at Assaulted 3Ian
CRIMINAL WITH A RECORD
Murderer of Aged James Gil
leccc Will Now Have to Pay
the Penalty for His Crime
MILTON GUILTY,
SAYS THE JURY
THE SAN FRANCISCO -CALL',- FRIDAY, DECEMBER IS, 1903.
15
REAL ESTATE— .CITY— FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & COMPANY,
Ui8 Market street.
AUCTION !
AUCTION !
AUCTION !
Tuesday, December 22, 1903. 12 o'clock noon.
At Our Salesroom.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
Leavenworth St., between Pine and California
Bts.— Lot 40jMo ft.; 2 frontages;- through to
Helen st.. Nos. 1037-39-4 1-43; .Improvements:
3 clecant flats. 5 rooms nnd bath each, also
a handsome 10-rpom residence.' all in first-
class condition; permanently rented at $1500
a year. ; •-,
PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
East line of Clayton st.. 27:0 ft. North of
Haight st.. Noe. C52-54-50— Extremely large
lot 33xlC0 ft.; improvements: 3 absolutely
new flats. 7 rooms and bath; each, .electric
light*, gas, patent gas grates, expensive
wooden mantels, tiled sinks in bathrooms.
GEARY-STREET INVESTMENT. .
South line of Geary st., 137:0 ft. west of
Gough st.— Lot 27:Cxl37:G ft.; No. 1353 Geary
St.; a handsome 2-story frame reetdenee, 10
rooms and bath, high basement, brick and
concrete foundation; rents $S5 per month;
could easily be reconstructed into two flats.
WEBSTER-STREET FLATS.
Nos. 107-0-11-13 Webster St.. north of Wallar
st. — Improvements: 4 new flate. built leas
than a year ago, containing 6-6-C-9 rooms
and porcelain baths; rents fl40 per month;
bituminlzfti streets, concrete sidewalk; $5000
mortgage can remain. . ..
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
West line of White st.. I."i7:6 ft. north of
Vallejo St., between Hyde and Larkin, Nob.
17 and ITVj — Two flats; rents 10 per month.
RIGHLAND COTTAGK.
East line, of Cook St., 125 ft. north, of St. Rose
St., between Point Lobos ave. and Rose st. —
Lot 25x120 ft., cottage of 0 rooms and bath;
rented for $15 per month; Geary-street cars
within H block.
'TWENTY-SECOND-STREET FLATS. '
Nos. 3740-42 22d St.. east of Noe st. — Lot 25x
114 ft.; Improvements: 2 modern flats,' 4 and
5 rooms and bath; lower flat is furnished;
furniture to be Included in eale of property;
.rents $39 per month- . ' ¦ • .- •
MISSION RESIDENCE.
East line of Lexington ave., 85 ft. 6outh of 20th
et. — Improvements consist of 2-story resi-
dence. 8 rooms and bath, brick . foundation,
2 toilets, etc.-; this being a key lot, It com-
mands an abundance, of sunshine.
HYDE-STREET INVESTMENT.
Weet line of Hyde st., 75 ft. south of Post —
Lot . 20x56, through to Meacham place; 2
frontages; No. 649 Hyde st. ; Improvements:
' S-room residence with porcelain baths, high
basement, patent sttel range built In kitchen;
rented for $30 per month.
MISSION COTTAGE.
East line of Harrison St.; north of 22d st. — Let
26:3x100 ft.,' No. 2529; cottage. 5 rooms and
bath, bay windows, wooden' mantels, modern
in every respect, almost new; rented for
$22 50. per month. ...
For further particulars inquire of
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & COMPANY. -
;. ¦ . . 638 Market street.
W. J.cGUNN. • J K50 California «t.
(Savings Union Building.)
Only $1750— On sunny elde' of Union st. ; grand
marine view; lot 2fhtlOO; very cheap; easy
payments; only SlflO first payment.
$5000— Two-story residence: 7 room?, bathroom,
be semen t; lot 25x100; built 3 years ago;
north of Broadway; fine marine view; can
arrange for easy payments; like paying
rent until paid for; west of Flllmore; a
bargain.
$2625 — On sunny Elde of Union; choice lot,
37:6x100; fine marine view lot; only $150
first payment; just the location for flats;
will advance the money to build for
buyer.
$3300 — A business corner on Webster; 25x110.
W. J. GUNN, M0 California st.
$1100— COTTAGE of 5 rooms; 271S Diamond
st.; 34 block of Guerrero-st. cars; rents for
$12 per month.
2 lots on Buena Vista ave., 5125 each.
1 lot on California ave., $500; terms.
D. COFFIN & CO., 3303 Mission st.
6 COTTAGES on Potrero ave.. R04 to 812. as
a whole or In subdivisions; lot 120 feet front,
100 deep; In good condition; 5 rooms, bath
and ba«ement. Owner 2300 Leavenworth st.
$2(K>O— 4 LOTS, including corner, 107:0x100;
Clement fit. and Twenty-third ave., W. H.
CRIM & CO.. IIS Montgomery st.
$450 — NEW cottage, 3 rooms, near Folsom cars.
$700 — Cottage. 3 rooms, hard finished.
Mission Realty Co., 2 Twenty-ninth st.
BUILD en your unimproved realty: we loan
full cost Improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN IX>AN CO.. Crocker building.
BARGAIN — Fine, new 6-room cottage; large
' basement; $3500. Owner, C78 Oth ave., nr. C.
LOTS. N or S side of Golden Gate Park, pur-
chased by W. J. GUNN. 830 California st.
PLUMBING in all its branches; jobbing. AHL-
BAC1I & MAYER. Plumbers, 836. .Howard.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT the Knickerbocker apartments. 1340 Pine
St.. near Hyde; apartments all taken; call
and leave orders for reserves.
BIRCH ave., G15— $7; three nice unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping. 642 Grove st.
CALIFORNIA, 1421—1 front parlor beautifully
furnished with bedroom arm kitchen to party
who will answer doorbell half price.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 6tO. cor. Franklin — Sun-
ny frcnt and sMe rooms with kitchens, run-
ning WAter. gas ranees.
MCALLISTER* 53S— Sunny furni&hed suite; gas
range; hot bath; laundry; adults: 515.
POLK. 1020. near Geary— Neatly furnished
front housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
SEVENTH, 191 — Nice, sunny housekeeping
¦rooms.
TEHAMA. 32« — 3 nice large sunny housekeep-
ing rooms; hot and cold water and etatlon-
ary wash tubs; also single room%
APAKTMEWT HOUSES.
MONTCLAIU APARTMENTS.
Corner Pine ar.d Taylor «ts. ; beautiful new
modern apartments; all sunny corner suites;
furnished or unfurnished; none superior; ma-
rine view. LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery.
THE GABLES. " '
Cor.. Clay and Larkln Ets — Modern 3-4-5-room
up"-to-date apartments: furnished or unfur-
nished; all latest conveniences; reservations
can be made on premises, 1 to 4; terms reas.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson et.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms, also single; furnished or unfurnished:
marine view; now cpen; references.
". - - I HADDON HALL, — -
651 EDDY ST. REFERENCES. .
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
AURORA, cornor Second and Folsom sts. — New
house, new furniture; every room outside;
modern and. sunny; prices from $1 50 per
' week up; this is the only up-to-date house in
".tlxl« .vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth Bt.— Rooms
25c to $1 p'r night. $1 25 to ?5 per week and
• light housekeeping rooms; open all night. -
ASH WORTH, 320 Mason 'St., bet, Geary and
Post — Suite and single rooms with or wlth-
'. out private bath; eun in rooms all day.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms, 25fr, 60c, • $1, $1 50 night;
$1 00 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT, 142« Market' (old No. J.364) — Fur-
-nlshed rooms, suite, single; alao unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204, Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny .rooms; , prices reasonable.
EDDY, S27%— Nicely furnished front room;
piano; grate; reasonable. •<
ELEVENTH,' 230 — Sunny large room for 1 or 2
': persons; no housekeeping; reasonable.
GRAND Southern, 7th andMlssIon — Rooms 50c
to $1 R0 night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
HAIGHT, 228— Suite eunny .rooms, also 1 or 2
other rooms; rent $6 each; gas, bath.
HAYES, 385 — 2 front furnished rooms; closet;
$14. Call till December 22.
LAGUNA and McAllister. St. James flat— Sun-
¦'¦ ny single room.
LARCHMONT, 361 Sutter — Sunny rooms; elec-
trlc lights; elevator; central; transient.
LARKIN, 81 «B— Small, light room, large hall.
• closet, bath' and phone; reasonable. . - -
MISSION, '1148— Eleerantly furnished front
- Kultf : Piano; single rooms from $1 00 week.
NATOMA, 282»4. near Fourth— 2 -unfurnished
. room a; yard; water: r*nt $6.
NINTH. 119 (Glllespie)— Nicely furnished roomg
$1 50 to $2 50 per week; 50c to 75c per night.
POWELL. 317— Sunny front suit* for doctor or
dentist; also. other furnished rooms. ¦;; ¦
ROYAL House, 120 Ellis— Incaiidescent lights.
reading-room, smoking-room and ladlea' par-
, lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 60; week. $2
to $8;- month. $8, to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SUTTER, 236— The Crane-,Elegantly furnished
rooms; downtown: aulte or single; $10 up.
TI i E FREMONT. 1864 MARKET ST.— Strictly
• • Jl 1^ o asi eIe K&ntly furn. rooming hotel.
Tel. South 1133. Capt. O. H. Ulberg, Prop.
UNITED STATES. 12? Eddy, near Market— 100
i room* «5c to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
, trie lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator, read.-room; free bus; baggage.
VAN NES8. 519— Handsome sunny furnished
•ultes and single rooms; all conveniences-. •
_. .PKUSOXALS.
A SPECIAL LOW RATE."i<> DAYS ONLY—
M. ELLA riARRIS.
'To oil whom I 'have made prires tO' since
Jan. 1, H»03, and fcr the ensuing .'JO days only,
I will make a liberal reduction from all prices
for my special deep wrinkle treatment.
Tlit lady who has been on exhibition in the
ding; store windows may be seen at my office
this week frnm 10 to 5. In order to accommo-
date those who have roquested to examine the
face more thoroughly In private.
M. ELLA If ARRIS.
7R1 O'Farrell ft., npar Larkln. Call or write
fcr Look explaining method.
1 BARON' S CLOAK ANtTsUlT HOUSE.
Your.g ladles steadily employed can have
Barcn's cloaks, BUlts. furs and tailor-made
suits to order., on weekly or monthly pay-
¦ nvnts plan, at regular marked prices. Con-
vince yKMnt.lt by calling on ltARdtK, TC2
Market st.
' THH Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Ith jrrowth, stops falling, cures dandruff
j and Itching Bealp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druKRlsts', hairdressers; ac-
crpi no substitute. Star Remedy Co.,133S Polk.
LADIES' perfection seamless rubber glove«
keep the liands smooth, port and white while
, doinK housework; postpaid $1 25; send size of
kid worn. Perfection Rubber Co., box 57,
Lima, Ohio.
A — COME anJ let our doctors plve you free
examination and advice; you pay for the
medicire only and at the lowest prices. LION
_PHARMACY, 1500 Mission St.. cor. 11th.
. NOT how cheap but how good is the motto of
. the manufacturers cf the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent, 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
; mnnently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
corner Sutter St.; fee moderate.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drtigs dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
ls>3lt Polk «.; consultation free-; call or write.
LIQL'OR habit cured In 2 days or no charges;
suaranteed. Acme LiquorCure Co.. 997 Mar-
ket st., room 203; phone South 751.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats,
and trousrre at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor, 721 Market Et. i .'.
ELEGANT suits on easy installments; 50 cents
and up per week* LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket Et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday Sun-
day eves.. Teutonia Hall, Howard St., nr.
Oth; Prof. Foster; society, dancing taught.
MASSEUSE v.-Ishes engagements with ladies
: only. Phone Capp 623S.
Bon Marehe Pants Co. ; special $5 pants to or-
dcr. Rooms 14 & 13. 40 El'.ls. Tel Drumm 44.
FIXE genuine diamonds, watches. Jewelry cheap-
er than anywhere. A. A. Rltter, 237 Kearny.
MASQUERADE costumes, play, books. %vigr;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733. Mkt.
SUITS to order on installments $1 per week.
Neuhaus &. Co., merch. tailors, 727-729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & molef removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse, 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2~50.
I Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at. all druggists'.
Superfluous, hair and moles removed with elec-
tric needle. Mrs. & Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
A BRANCH office of The Call fcr the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at lOuS Market et., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
PAXMISTH.V.
MME. DEVAS. scientific palmist and aBtrolo-
gist; palm readings $1; 3 questions by ex-
press. $1 ; open Tuesday eve. also. l."9 Post st.
MMK. NEEROAARD'S class In palmistry be-
gins Dec. 1. 8 p. m. 242 Post St.; terms $10.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 515
Taylor Ft., near Geary. Phone Black 561.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 p-i?ps. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PHYSICIANS AXD SlIUiEONS.
DR. C. C. 0'DONNELL^Office"a*ia~resl(3ence,
lOStMt Market et.. bet: 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women. . •
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a/ specialty
P«. BALL, 1O73H Market st.
REMOVED— DR.- WONG - HIM, herb doctor,
treata all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 'Mason; now lo-
cated at »i67 Geary St., near Leaven worth.
DR. TONG PO CUT, successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb <1oct«r. cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington et.
DR. H. C. WONG, 719 Post St.: all disease*
cured by Chinese herbs; consultation free.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dls-
esses cured. by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for subsistence supplies. Office
Purchasing Commissary. San Francisco. Cal..
Decrmbfr 10. 1903 — Sealed proposals for fur-
nishing and delivering of such quantities of
subsistence supplies, delivered at such wharf
or wharves or »jch warehouses '.n San Fran-
cisco, Cal., as per circular to be seen at this
ofn>?, will be received here until 11 o'clock
a. m.. Monday, December 21, 1903, and opened
immediately thereafter, in presence of bld-
der*.: Specifications, general instructions to
bidders and blank forms of proposals will be
furnished to established dealers en appllca-
tlon to C. R. KRAUTHOFF, Major Com'y.
REAL ESTATE— Country — For Sal*.
71S ACRES near. Mayfield. 11 miles from San
Jose; i<hj acres full bearing prunes; large
vineyard: all good land; water piped every-
where; immense concrete reservoirs; fine
houses, stables, barns, etc.; fenced In !i fields-
co<t flW.fXiO; price $50,000. THORNE &
KILPATRICK. \i\2 Bush st., San Francisco.
FOR sale — 15-acrc fruit farm; -good improve-
ments; rood location; connected with San
Francim-o by rail and electric cars. Call or
adores* 715 Nineteenth St., Oakland, Cal.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-aere farm.
1200 profit per annum per acre. I
Write frr booklet. It's free. «0J J st.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacrajqento. CaL
ALFALFA lands, ntock . ranches, orcftards,
vineyards; inspected' bargains; monthly cata-
logues «nt free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 613
Market st.
A WEEK'S r.ews for 6 cent«— The Weekly CalL
16 pages. In wrapper, for malllnr. tt per year.
ESTATE TO~EXCIIA\GeT
A HOUSE nf 7 rooms and bath~ln~good~ioca-
tton in Oakland to exchange for small ranch
la Alameda- County, p.' c. LASSEN & CO'
; 4'K Tenth -st.. Oakland. A a^-^ *.«*•
OAKLAND property to exchange for ranches
FOIl exchange— About 25 canaries: will take
typewriter. Box 4Ss5.-CaU office.
BEKKELEY. ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATES.
$3700— A SNAP; must be scld at oncer two-
Htory C-room house; 1 year old; lot 42x120-
• • street work all done; new furniture complete
• throughout; I block from electric cars and "J
Mocks frnm.Lorin' station; $1200 cash ' bal-
¦— anre *30 i*-r nionth;- 1»27 Fafrview st
L. J. MORAN & CO.
2131 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley; Station.
f2."5OO — NEARLY new 4-room cottage, bath, all
large rooms; lot 50x135; fruit trees and beau-
tiful flower garden;' all- furnished. Including
¦ new piano, carpets, curtains, bed?, bedding
pictures and dishes; only half blocklto train';
must be eold at once on account' of departure"
W. C. MORAN. Lor^n' station, or C. C. EMS-
LIE. Ashby station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BEOADWAY.
OAKLAND HOI'SES TO LET. .
MODERN 2-story house, 7 rooms and bath-
central loratign; rent ?27. 1464 West «t., #
Oakland. -...'-' ,
OAICLAJVD ROOMS TO LET.
MONTANA House. 320 Eighth st. ; sunny
suites and .'single rooms for housekeeping
OAKLAND STORES ,TO LET.
FOR RENT— Part .of, *tore; 1233 Broadway,
OakHnd; also basement.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR; SALE.
TO-MORROW the daV^for^a7g^lnTnin~furnN
turo. n. Sch«Hhaa». 11th Et..cor.store.Oakland.
po i nt Ri ci ; 1 m oxn^n eal instate.
4vLOTS. cheap for; cash. 32SBush at., third
floor, room 4. "» :.--.-
WATER frcnt lots and bargains: all tracts;
ma-im. photos, etc. BELL. 411 Parrott ¦ bldg.
TO ALL THE WANT ADVERTISERS IN THE CHRISTMAS. CALL
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. nnd linfarn.
WASHINGTON. 14CTJ— Nice, sunny, furnished
room; private family; with or without board.
"WINCHESTER. Hotel, 44 Sd St., near Market —
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
3">c to $1 50 nleht; 12 to $ 8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, jcor. Duncan & Church sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call Branch office. 220O Killmore.
A BRANCH office, for Call advertisements and
• «»ubscriptlon«, has been established at luiMt
Valencia st.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
a^ hotel" SaXtimore;
van ness ave.. neak geary st.
american plan. •
phone private exchange 706.
select first-class family hotel.
HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER.
SPECIAL RATES BY THE MONTH.
HUNGER & ZEBERG. PROPRIETORS. '
A ~~ HOTEL' HATTON !
S. E. COR. PINE AND TAYLOR
This new and rustic constructed hotel Is sit-
uated In the city's swellest quarter and will
be handsomely furnished throughout, with all
the very latest conveniences; will be ready
for 'occupancy Dec. 15; reservations can now
. be made on premises dally^
CHANGE OF PROPRIETORS.
MANHATTAN HOTEL. 1704 Market et.— A
strictly first-class family and tourist hotel of
unquestioned respectability. American plan.
A TIIK DRESDEN ~
SELECT FAMILY BOARDING-HOUSE. 1442
FULTON. BET. BHODERICK AND BAKER.
HOTEL MARTINET, Geary st. and V041 Ness
3 ave., liaa changed hands; hereafter conducted
first-class family hotel; table board specialty.
CALIFORNIA. 1240— Most select location in
modern, elegantly furnished private home;
• •table unsurpassed; marine view. •
FAMILY boarding-house, 1070 Valencia; flrst-
class board, elegantly furnished; terms mod-
erate. , . (
Stevenson mansion, 807 California — Fine rma;
¦ new chefs; colored service; table specialty.'
O'FARRELL. 308 — Furnished rooms; home
cooking; German family: $6 per week.
• ROOMS AXD BOARD WASTED.
Board, 2 rms.; mother &. son; refined surround-
'• Inge; must be reasonable. C. W.. 615 Larkln.
SEWING .MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES
NEW HOME sewing machine; this week only;
f $10. $15, $20; slightly used: needles 20c doz.
NEW HOME S. M. CO.. 1051 Market st.
™ ~~ : SPECIA fj 1 s T J 5 J' c V
cXrTjtmr^E^^E^sTnTVoiSES In" EARS
'' positively cured; new method; 1-week's treat-
• ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st.
STORAGE , AXD WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household soods stored, moved, shipped. ' 725-
731 Howard st., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell ets. ;. tel. Prive. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage— Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission st. ; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storajre and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fl'.lmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
Bt.; tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cu* rates.
STL'TTERIXG AXD ' STAMMERIXG.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market — Cure
in every case; Individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire into wonderful curea; home cure.
JliTEWniTERS AJiD SUPPLIES^
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1-
Smith Premier. $25; otner typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. Th«
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. &. M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st.
•2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspee. Co., 608 Market.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
10 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
LEGAL ADVEUTI&EMEXTS.
I. HAVE pold by: butcher shop, 328 Broadway,
to A. Slml & Co., and will not be responsible
for any bills contracted after this date. A.
DELVECCHIO. '¦"-".
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: .
James Wells, 59, Plateau, and Marie E.
Daly, 51, city. . .
Lewis G. Parker, 47, city, and Belle Hatch.
40. city.
Charles J. Wehr Jr., 21, 471 Fourteenth
6treet, and Evely.i Moore, 21, 920>B Greenwich.
Thomas F. Clfne, 21. 1414 Washington str*et.
and Katkerine M. Hussey, 21, 1504 Leaven-
worth street.
Clay Peters, 39, Reno, <Nev., and Rebecca
Raphael. 30, 1103 Golden Gate avenue.
Alva C. Jackson, 22, 126A Eizhth street, and
Mabel Nuttlne, 21, 1254 Pacific street. .
.Andrew Aitken, 35, Lodl, and May J. Mur-
ray, 25, Winnipeg, Canada.
Thomas J. Walcott, 42. 013 Dolores street,
and Nellie Blanry, 34, 187S Folsom street.
Joseph Solarl.v 24, 2241 Dupont street, and
Maria Cademartorl. ¦ 22, 1415 Octavla etreet.
Frank A. Schmitz, 21, city, and Louisa G.
Fabian, 21, city.
Claus Jensen, 21, 1705 Ellis street, and Han-
nah M. Helmbach. IS. Chico.
HJalmar Moe, S3, 2067 Bush street, and An-
nie Schill. 31. San. DifEO.
Beldln R. TInKley, 25, 253 Scott street, and
Elisabeth L. Ahlers, 18, 1221 Filbert street.
Otto F. NIemand, 2t>, 12 Hoff avenue, and
Annie M. Klemz, 27, 37 Hoff avenue.
Herman F. Teljreler, 23, 384U Twenty-Ifccond
street, and Julia P. Klein. 20, 837 Alabama st.
James R. Kidd, 22, 853 Harrison street, and
Hattle A. Blundeil, 21, 3 Alice street.
Chrstian M. Nielsen, 24, 4 Valencia street,
and Nlcollne Larssn, 22, 1657^ Mission street.
Christoph Folkel. 41, WeavervUle. and WU-
helmine Kallweit, 25, 1513 Gough street.
" BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES—BEATH&
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offlces and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once Jn thla column
free Of charge."
: ¦ ' BOR-X.
SAGEHORN— In this city, December 12, 1903,
to the -wife of- C. H. SagehOrn, ' a daughter.
MARRIED. ~~~
HAUSER— O'BRIEN— In this city. November
20," 1003, by the Rev. Father J. Collins of St
Joseph's Church, Henry Hauser and Mae
O'Brien. .
DIED. — — —
Alexander, Richard Luther, Jamea'
Brown, Nellie- McAVoy, Margaret
Cramer, Frledrich Monahan. Mary .
Farley, Mrs. Mary Morris. Rofea \
Fisclwr,' Conradlne Mueller. Mathlas
Gallagher, James L. Murray, Thomas
Greyly. Nora -. New. Mary
Hanniver, Mary Ronald, Mr.
• Keefe, Catherine Scherb, Mrs. Anna
Kell, Frederick Smith, Edward L.
Komule. Axel G. • Steinberg. Theresa
Lapp, Jamea F. . Willlanjs, Enoch F.
Leeds, Eliza J. _ _
ALEXANDER— In San Rafael. December 17,
1903. Richard S. Alexander, a native of Nova
Scotia, nged 77 • years 11 months and 10
days.
ETJFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to -attend theMuneral service*
at his late residence, 415 Mission street. San
Rafael, to-day (Friday), at 2 o'clock. Inter-
ment private. Please Omit flowers.
BROWN— In Oakland, at 1227 Pera'lta street
December 1«. 10<«, Nellie, beloved wife of
Theodore J. Brown, • mother of .Luella Belle
Brown, 1 daughter of , Mrs. Mary Peterson
and sister of William and Thorwald' Peter-
son, Mrs. Mary E.vMIller, Cyrus and Eddie
Peterson and th« Jite Mrs. Carrie Wlnthar,
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallasher.1
: ... DANIEL P. DONOVAN, .Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
' -Funeral Directors and' Embalmers.^ — ¦
Formerly- In Metropolitan Temple,
Now at DtiO MISSION, Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
Finest ' Eaulpments at Moderate Rates.
Jamea McGinn. Henry lian*on.
- .JAMES McGINN & CO.,
Formerly With McGinn Bros.. .
Funeral Directors and Kmbalmers.
- 214 Eddy St.; Tel.- South 676. ¦¦--..
a native of San Francisco, aged 27 years
and 10 months. . -
CRAMER— In this city. December 10. 1U03.
Frledrich Cramer, late of Petaluma, a na-
tive of . Germany, aged 85 years S months
and 22 days.
(CyFrlend! 1 and acquaintances ara respect-
fully invited lo attend the funeral lo-Oay
f Friday), at 11 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of Theodor Dlerks. 93? Mission
street, between Fifth and Sixth. Cremation
Odd Fellows 1 . Cemetery. „ . „.
FARLEY— In Palo Alto. December 16. 1803.
Mrs. Mary Gsrln Karley, aged 35 years.
tCyTt'O funeral will take place from her
late residence in Polo Alto at U:30 o'clock
Friday, December \S U
FISCHEK— In this city. December 16,' 1003.
Conradlne Fischer, beloved wife of George
H. Fischer, and mother of Mrs. Louis Hintze
of Alameda, Mrs. Louis Aaron and- the late
Mrs. Lizzie Oakley, a native of Germany,
aged 59 years 3 months and 23 days. ' •
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
• Friday. December IS, 1003. at 2 o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel of Julius S. Godeau, 305
Montgomery avenue. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
GALLAGHER— In this city. December 17, l'JOl.
James L., beloved husband of Kranc<"s Gal-
lagher, a native of MIchiean, aged 77 year*
7 montha ' and 7 days. ¦ ' - -'
ETInterment at Cypress Lawn Cemetery
to-morrow (Saturday), at 3 o'clock. Strictly
private. Omit flowers. ¦ .
GREELY— In this city, December 17, 1003. at
her residence, 127 Parker avenue. Nora, wife
of the late John Greely, loving mother of
• James T. Mooncy and Mrs. James F. Eagen,
and dearly beloved sister of Thomas and
James Tierney, a native of Killlnedema,
County Galway, Ireland, aged 70 years.
ItyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
HANNIVER— In'thls city, December 17, 1003,
at the residence of the grandparents, 1122
Bryant street. Mary, beloved daughter of
William and the late Nora A. Hanniver, sister
of Frank Hanniver, and granddaughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Vohn Sullivan, a native of San
Francisco, aged 5 years 5 months and 11
days.
KEEFE— In this city. v December 17. 1003,
Catherine, beloved wife of the" late Cornelius
Keefe, and loving mother of Elizabeth, Cor-
nelius, Richard and Ch3rles Keefe, Mrs. G.
Aitken, Mrs. S. Stevenson and the late
Thomas, Joseph and Edward Keefe, a na-
tive of Banffor, Me. ' .. ;-.'.
ICTFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral, to-morrow
(Saturday), at 0 o'clock, from' her late resi-
dence, 573 Cedar avenue, thence to St., Mary's
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
"soul, commenclnff at 0:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy CroS3 Cemetery.
KEIL— In this city. December 17. 1903, Fred-
* erick. beloved husband of Henrtette Kell,
and brother of Mrs. A. Serb, -a native, of
Germany, aged 56 years 3 montha and 20
days.
ETFrfends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, at
his late residence, 13S9 Baker street, be-
tween Geary and Post. Interment private.
I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
KOMULE— In this city, December 17, 1003,
Axel G. Komule, beloved husband of the
late Mary Komule, and father of Alfred
and Helmt Komule, a native of Finland,
aged 43 years. A member of the Marine
Cooks and Stewards of the Pacific and of
Court Robin Hood No. 5031, A. O. F.
E7Remains at the parlors of the United
Undertakers, 8tSG Mission etreet, between
Fourth and Fifth.
LAPP — In this city, December 17, 1003, James
F., beloved husband of Mary Lapp, and de-
voted father of Willie Lapp, a native of
¦ Canada, aged 48 years t> months and 13 days.
(Batavla, N. Y., papers please copy.)
': CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
II. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
LEEDS— In this city, December 16. 1003, Eliza
J., beloved wife of the late Captain J. B.
Leeds, and mother of Mra. H." P. Coles, Mr*. .
Dormer Walsh, Mrs. Milton S. Clark and
Clayton J. Leeds, a native of Pennsylvania,
aged (i6 years 7 months and 12 day?. •
(E7"Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
, tend the funeral Sunday, at 1 o'clock, from
the residence of her daughter,* Mrs. H. P.
Coles, 221 Castro street, near Sixteenth. In-
terment private. . •
LUTHER— In this city, December 16, 100.1.
James Luther, brother of the late Rebecca
McConneir, a native of Londonderry, Ire-
land, aged 70 years S months and 1 day.
MCAVOY— In this city, December 16, 1903,
Margaret McAvoy, widow of the late Wil-
liam McAvoy, a native of Windsor, Nova
Scotia, aged "fS years and 5 months.
CT 1 Friends 1 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited /to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from St. Mary's
Cathedral. Interment private. Please omit
flowers. ,
MONAHAN— In this city, December 17, 1903,
Mary, beloved wife of Jeremiah Monahan, a
native of County Kerry, Ireland, ¦ axed 57
years 11 months and 11 days. ! ' '•' :
MORRIS — In this city, December 16, 1903.
. Rcsa Morris, beloved wife of Abraham Mor-
' ns. devoted mother of Frances, Reclna and
David Morris, daughter of Mrs.' D. Gail,
and . sister of Mrs. H. Frieo'lander. of Ash-
burton, New Zealand, and Julius Gall, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 60 years.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, December 18. 1W3.- at 0:30 o'clock,
at her late residence, 2015 Buch street, thence
to Eighteenth and Guerrero streets to elec-
tric car. Interment Salem Cemetery. Please
omit flowers.
MUELLER— In this city," December 17, 1003,
Mathlae. beloved husband of Maria Mueller,
and father of Mr». F. W. Dulfer, a native
of Austria, aged 50 years 3 months and 22
days.
MURRAY— In this city, December 17. 1003,'
Thi>mas, beloved husband of the late Eliza-
beth Murray, and father of Thomas Murray
Jr., a native of-- Yorkshire, England,
ty Notice of funeral hereafter.
NEW — In this city, December 16, 1003, Mary
New, beloved wife of the late George New,
a native of Roscrea, County Tipperary,- Ire-
land, aged 73 years. ' ¦
{C^Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend 1 the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 29 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will' be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 'J
.o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
RONALD— In Oregon City, Or., December 16,
1903, Mr. Ronald, beloved husband of Clara
-E. -Ronald, and father of Thomas, Frank.
Robert, Grace. Jennie and Loretta Ronald.
Mrs." R. Lowry and Mrs. George II. Rice, a
. natlvfr <tl Paisley, Scotland, aged 5t> years 0
¦ months '-and 8 days.
SCHlfRB-^-Itr Fruitvale, at the German Al-
• tcnhelm," December 16, 1903, Mrs. Anna
Scherb, widow of the late Franz Scherb, a
• native of Switzerland, aged 78 years 7
.. months and 12 days....
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funT.il services
to-day (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at the par-
lors of Henry Evers, 865 Washington street.
Oakland. Cremation at the Oakland Crema-
torium.
SMITH— In this city, December 15. 1903, Ed-
ward L.. beloved husband of Ella M. Smith,
and father of Helen Montgomery and Ed-
ward Smith, .a native of California, aged 43
years 5 , months and 6 days. A member of
Merced Lodge No. 74, A. O. U. - \V., and
Merced Camp, Woodmen of the World. (Mer-
' ced papers please, copy.)
C7Friend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to' attend the funeral Friday,
December 18, 1903. at 10 o'clock, from his
late residence. Twenty-third street. Merced.
Cal. \ .
STEINBERG— In Alameda, December 16, 1003,
Theresa Steinberg, beloved mother of Mrs.
C.A. Foster -of Alameda and Mrs. John B.
Spaldlng of Canada, a native of Bavaria,
aged 84 year* and 2 months.
WILLIAMS— In this city. December 11. 1903.
Enoch Fithian Williams, a native of New
Jersey, aged 47 years « months and 17 days.
E7"Frlend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to 'attend the. •' funeral services
Sunday, December 20: 1003, at 1 o'clock, at
»he Masonic TemDle. cot no? Vest and Mont-
gomery streets, under, the auspices of -Golden
Gate Lodsre No. 30, F. and A. 'M. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by electric- car
from foot pf Market street. Remains at the
parlors of the California Undertaking Com-
pany, 405 . Powell street.
1 " . . ' . .¦ . ' ¦— »
Absconder Gets Ten : Years. . ? " * -'
LONDON, Dec. 17.— A. S. Jto\ve, the
absconding secretary; of the Great Fin-
gal Consolidated Company, who was
arrested at Toronto, was sentenced to-
day to ten years' servitude for embez-
ling more than $500,000 of the com-
pany'a tun**. -, . ...••¦-.
Bryan Visits Tolstoi. I':> ;
MOSCOW, Dec. 17.— William J. Bry-
an ; arrived ; here" td-day ' ; and went to
visit Count Tolstoi." . Mr. Bryan win
proceed to St.'' Petersburg oh' Deceitii-
ber 19. - -. .:,-;-¦;• - - - -
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
at !>:.*IO a. m., through is 3 day»,
with diner ana all trapping*.
Other Santa re Traini: -
7:^0 a. m. 1 f Or Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
»:30 a. m. V jierced. Hahford and Vlsalia.
S;CO p. m.J
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
6:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
• Chicago.
TICXET OFFICE — 641 Market St.. and
Ferry Depot, s. 7. Also 1112 Broad-
way. Oakland, CaL
HTOSANRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
via Saosalito Ferry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric—
Depart trom San Francisco DaUy— 7:00. 8:00,
oV0o7 10:00. 11:00 a. m.. 12:2* 1:43. 3:15. 4:13.
515 6:15. 7:00.8:45. 10:20. 11:49 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL Tf> SAN FRANCISCO
—Dally— 6:25. «:»3. 7:10. (J:35. d:35. 11:05 a.
m., 12:20. 1:43, 2:55, S:«. 4:43, 8:43, 6:45.
8'45 10:20 r>. m.
FROM MILL- VALLSY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Dally— 5:45, <?:55. 7:32. 8:55. 9:33.
11:20 a. m.. 12:35. 2:00/3:15. 4:03. 5:08. «:03.
7-05 ft'00. 10:35 p. roC
7.OO. ».w. A " THR^ u(iH TRAINS .
8:00 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
5:15 p. m. week (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomale9 and way jtatlons.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions. ¦ "
Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point Beyes and
way stations. " - ,
TICKET OFFICE — «26 Market st.
. FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market at.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Tia Sasulita firry Arrive
SanFraudsco >— t rf MirtM 8t San Fran daco
Week. .'-San-- v _,m_ , Suik Week
Day>. days jf&9ii&(&&>. days Days.
•iwji,*«:O(>A e^ajp^SI TiToaXortoi
•1!45p 9:00a @K»nH I:t5r 3:&.ih
fi.l&r 10:00a \^^^W »:50c KitlQf
„ 11:00a \^S5y 4:50p »:30y
«Cw»«et witt itap kt- My— aa4 TOlrr to^T
TOUT j 6X Maaxkt St., (North Shore Railroad)
amOB ) and Savsauto Fsuy, Foot Market St. !
KAIXWAY TBAVEL.
SOJUTHE^ R^N d PACIFIC
(Main Line. Y<x>t ot Msrfcet Street) '
f»TK — FKOM SoTH»na. 1903. — *EltlT»
7430a VteaTiiie. Winter*. Ruiusey... 7S5r
7.011a Bentcla, Sulsaa, Clmlra and Sacra-
mento 7-23r
7.30* Vallejo. Xftpa, CaHstosn. Santa
Ho4a. Martinez. Saa itamon B-2SF
7-30a Nlles. Ltvermor.-. Tracy, Lutnrop. ¦• -
Stockton 7-2Sr
8 00* SbiiKta Express — (Via U.iviii.-
WlUUmi (for Uar;l*tt Spclngs),
Willows. tFrato. lceil Ulaff.
Fortlaml. Tacoma. Seattle 7-53'
8.00a Davit. WooilJ And, Kntcnta LftuUlng.
Mary»Tiiie.Oro»i;io 7-55*
¦¦30a Port Costa. Martlarz. Antlocb.
Byron. Tracy. Stoclctcn. Now- '-*• t
man. Los llitnoa. Uendota,
Annona. Ilaaford. VI sal la.
Porwrrllle 4.25*
8-30* Port Coita. Martinez, Tr*cr. LsiU-
rop, Modesto, Merced. Fresno.
Oothen Juncttoa. II »n ford.
VUalla, Ilaliersfleld 4 5S»
8.30a Kile*. San Jose, Llvermore. rtmric-
ton. (+Mllton). lone. Sacramento.. . .
Placerrtllo. llarTsrllle. Cblco.
Red Bind 423f
8.30a Onkdale. Chinese. Jamesrown. So>
nora, Tiiolumm.- and Angels 4 25?
BOO* Atlantic Expres*— OgUeniadEwt. 11.25*
8.30a Richmond, Martlnex »nd W«y
Stations G-55»
10 00a The OTerland Limited — Ofiden.
DonreT. Omaha, Cnlcago. 6 25p
10.00a Vallejo.. : 122Sr
10.00a Lo» Anitelea Pas»enfter — Port
Costa. Martinez. Byron. Tracy.
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Fresno. Goshen Junc-
tion, llanford. Lemoorc, Vlsalia,
Baker»fleld. Los Anfteles 725>»
\tV0m Haywsrd. Nile* and W»y Stations. 325p
fiJJOp 8acT«mentoRlTer Steamer* til.COF
3J0r Benlcla, urintern. 9acrain«nto.
¦Woodland. KntSbta Landtag.
MarriTlIle, OrotUle and way
station* -•• '9'x3*
JJtO* Harw»rd.KllesandWay Swttons.i, 7.5S»
I.30r Port Costa. Martinez. Bjrron.
Trtcr, Lathrop." Modesto,
Merced, Fresno snd Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Costa 12 25?
I30p Martinez. Tracy. StocKton, Lo<11... 10 25a
\ 4 CQ> Marrtncz.Sin fUmon.Vallejo.Xapa,
Callitoea. SanU Ru*a. 9 25*
4. 00p Nlles, Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4.25r
< 4.30? Bayward. Nllcs. IrTtngton. San t tS-55*,
Jose, Ltrermore I til. 55*
600F Th« Owl Limited— Newm»n. Los
Banos. Mendota, Fresno, l'ulare.
BakertSeld. Los Angeles 853*
64)0r Port Coita. Tracy. Stockton 12 25?
tS30r Hayward. Nile* and San .lose- 7 25*
6-COr llayward. Nile* aud San Joie 9 55*-
•4>0r Eastern Eipre»»— Opden. DenTer. ,
Omaha, St. 'Loal*. Cnicago and *
Kast. Port Coat*. Bentcta, Sul-
lua. Elmln, Paris, Sacramento^
Kockljn. Auburn, Colfax.
Trnckee. B.oca, Ite'no. Wad*-
worth. Wlaaemucca 5-29*
•.•Op Vallejo, dtlly. except Sunday.... t 7 r-.
7.00* Vallejo, Sunday only f * aar
7 0Op Klchmond, San Pablo, Port Coca,
Martlaez and AT ay Station* 11.23a
8-06p Oregon A California Expre**— Sac-
ramento, MaryirUle, Hedd'.ag.
Portland, Puget Sound nnd E*st. 8 55*
8.10r Bayward, Nile* and San Jose (Snn-
dayonly) 1. . 11-85*
COAST LINE (Marr«w Uaagej. t
(Foot of .M.trket Street.)
8,-ISa Newark. CentervKle. Saa Joae. ¦
Felton. Doulaer Creek. SanU
Cruz and Way Station*.... S-55r
ff.iCP Newark. CenterTllle, -San Joae,
New Almaden. Los Gato«.Fe!ton.
Bonlder Creek. Santa Cruz and
Principal Way SUllon* flOSS*
41 6p Newark. San Jose, Los Uatos and ( *8 55»
way station* t t10 55*
•9 30i* Bnnters Train. Saturday only. San
Jose and Way Station*. Return' ¦ ¦ - : ':
Ids? from Lo» Gatow Sunday only. 17 2S>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN *°UA> CISCO. >uutuf Market Su (Sllp-i*
—rr.li »:uu 11:00 a.m. 100 3 CO 5-15 p.m.
trom OAKLAND Foot of Ilroadway — tu:(»t ;i;f5»
t8:05 m:tt)A.M. 12 00 2 00 400 r.x.
' COAST LINE t»r««4 *.a«««).
VB~ (Thlnl aii'l Towngcud Street*.)
6-10* Saa Jose and Way StAtlon*. 6-3Qp
7 00a San Jose and WnrStatlona G3SP
8 00* New Almaden (Tne*.. Frtd.. on;y), - 4-1 Or
tOO* CoastLlne Limited— Stop»on!yS;»n
' Jose, Gllroy (connection for IIol- -
lister), Tajaro. C»*troTille, S»-
lln»». San Ardo. Paso Roblcs.
8antaMarg3rlta.SanLnt3 UbUpa.
Principal stations thence Surf
(connection for Lorerpoc) prlncl-
eal stations thence Santa Iinr- '
Mra and Los Angeles. Connec-
tion at Cascrovtlla to and from
Monterey nnd Paclflc GroTe 19-41*
t.CO* fiaa Jose. Tres Pino*. Capttola.
' BaataCruz.PacIflcGroTe, Salinas.'
' . - 8-ta Luis Oblspo and -Prlnclpcl
Way Station* 4-10*
1040a Sao Joie aad Way Stations 1.207
11-30* 8a&M Clara. Saa Jose, Los Gatoa
and Way Station* 7.30
1<50r San Jose und Way Stations 3 3&*
'. MLQr, Paclflc OroTe Express — SantaClartt ,
' : ' £aa Jose. Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Crux. Rouidcr
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points)
"»t Gilroy for Itolllster. Trot
¦ ¦ .* ' Piao*. at CastriTllle for Salinas. 12.15* '
3-30p Tres Pino* Way Passenger 510 45*
14 4cp ban Jose, (via Santa Clara) Los
. Gatos, and Principal Way StA-
tlons (except Sunday) t9 12»
56 ZQr SanJoseandPrlndpalWayStatloss t80u*
SCOP Sunset Limited.— Kedwo. d. Saa
Jo*e, Gllr07.Sallnas.Paso Kokics,
San Luis Obtspo. Santa Barbara.
IiO* Angele*. l><imlnfc. El Pxso.
New Orleans. Xew York. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Santa Crtti
and at CafttroTtlin for Pacific
Grove and W»y Stations. 7.10*
tS-IB? Can Mateo,ncresford,Bclmont.Saa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks.
UenloPark. Palo AHo tB 45*
E.?0p San Jose and Way Sutloas 6 33*
11 .30P South San Francisco, il ill brae. Bur-
linirame. San Mateo, Belmont.
Ban Carlo*. Kedwood, Fair Oaka,
Menlo Park, and Pnio Alto...... 3 45*
s11-30p ilayfleld. Mountain View, Sunny-
Tale, Lawrence. Santa Clara arid
. . San Jo»e t3.45p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon
) Sunday only. • - • •
(St6p» at all stations on Scsday. '• • • •
1 Sunday excepted. a Saturday only. . .
IV Only trains sto]iplag at Valencia St. tuutJjNouM
ire6:10*.M.,7:Uu.)«., UiSOA.M.^SzSOP.M.and t-.SQrjt
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCUUO ANj NORTH PACIFIC
BAIL WATT COMPACTS'.
Tibnron Terry. Foot of y.ariet Streat.
SAN FBANCISCO TO "SAW KAPAEL.
WEEK I>AYS — T.3O. 9:C»Vll:Ct» a. to.. IZ.di.
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. "'nursdaya — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturday* — Extra trt? at 1:30 and ll:30p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 0\i0. ll:0O a. m.; 1:30.
3:30. 5:00. 6:20; M:3O p. iri.
SAH EAPAEI. TO SAH FBA2TCXSCO..
WEEK DAYS*— «-C3. 7:35. 7:50. 0:20 11; 15
n. m.; 12:50. B:i0, 5:00, 5:20 p. m. ' .-, -¦'
Saturday* — Extra trip at 2:05 and fi:3T> p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:<\>. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:10. Z:V>.
• 4:55. 5:03, 6.25 p. m. • . '. . . •
Leave I In Effect • I Arrive
San Francisco. I Sept: 27, 1SMX!. [9an Franclscov
W«ek. t -Sun- I Destin*- I Sun- | Week
Days. I days. I " tidn. - | days. t.Days.
7:30a 8 0Q al • , 8:10a' 8:40a
9:30 a Ignacio. 10:4Oail0:2Oa
3:S0p 3:'U)p " ' ' «:C3 p| «:2Op
5:10 p 5:00p " -- • .. 7:33 pj
7:30 a '¦ " ft: 10 a 8:40a
S:COa Xoveto. '• ? l«HOalO:20a
3:"0p 9:30 a Tataluma 6:05 pt 6:20 j> .
5:10 p .V30p an<l 7:35 p"
5:00 p ' Santa Rosa. ' ~:
7:G0a 10:*0 a"ld:20 a
Fulton. 7:C3p-«:2Dp
3:^0 p o:30 p , w ' . ' • •
Windsor, | - '¦ \ "- .'
7:30a S:0Oa Healdsburr, 10:40a 10:2»a
Lyttoa.
'3:S0p 3:30p Geyservllle, 7:C5p ti:2t)p
Clorerdale. •
7:30 al 8:0n«] Hoptand 110:40 a'10:2O a
;i:UOpi 3:30 pf and Uklah; | 7:05 p: «:2(>p
7:30 a| S:OOa] Willlts. | 7:33 p| i6:20 ; p
7:30 al 8:00 al " 110:40 a[ 10:20 a
3:30 pj S:30p| Ouernevllle. | 1:35 pj «:20p
7:;«>«| R:00al Sonoma. I »:10ai S:4O^
.B:10p| 5:C0p| Glen- Elian. | 8;i33 p} 6:20 p
T:'iOaj-&:0<»a| - • --.-'¦• |l0t4O-« ! H>:2«>"a
3:30 p| 3:30 p[ Sebastopol. ' [ T:S5y[ 6:20p
STAOES connect at Green Bra« for San
Quentln: at - Santa Rcsa for Whit* J Sulphur
Springs: at Fulton for Altruriaand Mark West
Sprtnifs; At Lyttcn for Lytton Springs: at Gey- !
tervill* fur Skatza Springs: at Cloverdala for
the Geyfcers. Boonevtlle and. Greenwood ; -at
Hopland for Duncan Spring?. Ilfshian 1 Springs.
Kelseyvllle. Carlabad Hprings. S«da Bay, Hake-
port and' Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga. Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day'*, ttlveTniae. Llerlys,
Eucknsll'*. Sanhedrln Heishts. HuUville, Orr*«
,Hot Spring?. Halfway House.. Comptche. Carap
8teven». Honkins. Mendocinp City. Fort Bragg.
Westport, Uaal; at Wlllits for Fort Bragg.
Westport, Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. -Lay ton-
vllle. Cumminga, Bell's Spring*. Harris. Ol-
nen'c. Dyer. GarbervlIIe. PerperwooJ. • Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Suaday rov.n.'.-trip tickets at re-
duced rater ,
On Sunday round-trin tickets to all points
beyond Ean Rafaer at half rates.
Ticket offlces. 630 . Market street. Chcnlclt
bulldtng.
. H. C. WHITINCS. . , B. X. RYAN..
<3«n Uajiarer. ' Gca. Pass. A at.
!UISCCLLA\noiS FOR SALE — Con.
A— Bryt. wll« cr rents gear machinery, en-
Cincs. boilers, water Pipe, shafting, pulleys
«•'.«•. W'HITELAW. SM-255 t-pear Bt.
TYrKWrUTEKS. slightly used, sold at cost;
now Underwood visible typewriter catalog
KBl !if». R. F.. Revalk & Co.. Man Franclsrj
TRY our men s cbSet st $1 and $1 SO pair;
foot-Iorm !-l:;>ek al $2 50; we pay express
rhaifrcs. 11 3d st.. Excm. bl"d.; catalog free.
ALTEKAT1ON mJ<^— Best t2 50 hats $1 no"
Popular Prtc« Hatter, 330 K<>arm- Ft., r.car
P:n«-; cpen to '•> P- m. ; Sundays to noon. -
DISPOSING of Wine ras engines; 2~H. P. 20
H. P.; attinrtive prices. Ttie Tracy Engi-
neering Co.. 151 Fremont et.. S. F.
PXGEOXS Bad squabs for Bale. 376 San JoBe
avenu- .
MIlxH arm tot sale. 453 Falrmount ave.,
Oakland.
SOY.K p ¦ i r-M-ona-hand sasotine engines 1 to
12 H I', cheap \g.B. Beck & Co.. 122* Mkt.
BAILING ;-rk for hunting and fishing. CiZTs
Y^wtV f! . third flcor. room 4.
K1XE Mr-am automobile; first-clafm runninK or-
&¦ •¦ >V » -. 520 Lyun et., Francisco. ¦
BU !i:*'h:n.B cheap; Chicago**, Twentieth
>•¦ -.:ur:«-«. Pucks. BACIGAliUPI. 833 Mark*.
IT FK6 and eafrs; f*e the complete line at IMfi
'• I^IIl 6^- Van Xes *- RICHARDSON BROS.
- ' '""-*»— New- and second-hand. THE HER-
MANX SAFE CO.. 3C7 Battery Bt.
A VKRY tine diamond heart for $210 at'W. J.
r.K^TH.vL'S, 10 Sixth Et.
NUW and second-hand machinery of all kinds.
Kl'.OGil MNFG. CO.. 519 Market st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, saic. rental;
barga:r:E. Bullard & Br*ck. 131 Post et.
MILES of pip*- and fitting: nil size?. EU-
OENE RILEY & SONS. 103 Vallejo St.
£=AFEf— New .-«nfl second-hand. E. Bi BECK
' ** °°' *~ Morket st -
All tarpalns.'ramp etools and chairs; hammocks,
rnetal bedg.rr.attrcsses. J.F.Hotter,712 Mission.
Edison phencgraphs, records. Fupjilifs, moving
fic-.ure rcacnines. filras. Bacigalupi. 033 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
_ all size s. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ASK for rricc* on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. lli> Montg'y.
A BRANCH office of The Cail for the reception
Of advertisements and subscriptions has b«>en
cp^ncl st KA'S Market et., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
_J«ISCELLAXEOLS WAXTS.
WANTED— Male Angora kitten, pure white.
Hup *»yes, perfect hearing, about 2 months
oiJ: name price. Box 31SX. Call office.
WANTED — To rent a 2iotel In a good country
town.' Particulars box 31SH, Call.
BQOKS and libraries bought. H.C. HOLMES
1143 MarkPt et.; phone Jessie 3741, or postal.
I PAY highest prices fcr all kl^ds of cast-oft
clothing; send pcs'-al. MORRIS. 870 Folsom.
TJLTON warts good Fetx.nd-ha.nd clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th et.; tel. Jessie 2SSL
MOXEY TO LOAX.
AAA— HEBXAX . MUBPHT.
601-C02-003 Examiner bulldin*.
Quick sett!emer.ts; no disappointmrnt.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate?, second mortgages, undivided Jnter-
eft*, assignments of rents, property in trust,
•etc. ; legacies, life estates and undivided in.
tere*ts -In property purchased.
Ccurteous treatment. Strictly cciifldential.
When You Need Monev
Pee HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES r.a furniture and pianos without
removal; to permanent salaried people on
\he:r ricte without security or knowledge of
**^*pIoyeT; lowest rates; no com mission. NA.
TIONAL CREDIT CO.. CS and UJ Donohoe
boOfiJttc. I1T0 Market 6t.
ETUJCTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
r.lture. fi!ar.os cr to salaried people on their '
nine; proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINOIS
THUST CO.. r. 1C, Phelan bid.. teL Main 704.
SiONEY Joaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boerdlng-nouses, without
Feeunty; easy payments; largest business In
46 principal cities. Tclman. 553 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY resr*etab!e private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonas, jcwelrj'. at
'i per cent interest. l^aJdwin Jewelry f-tore,
HC Market; tel. Main :«44. Branch. 19 Third.
A — 1 T*~ eeat on furniture or piano; n» remov-
al, no ecrr.niiFslon, no j>ut;icity;$25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 2(3 Montgcmety, rm. 7.
MUNICIPAL IX)AN OFFICE. 1C3 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM (1 TO $10,000
MONEY to loan <-a law Interest; gold, •liver,
diamonds, pear's ar.d precious «tone* bought
at W. J. HESUHALS. 10 Sixth sL
NET easy method — To wage-earners on unln-
•Jcrsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity
Loan Company, rocrr.s 4S-43. Chronicle tldg.
TO salaried people without Becurity; en furni-
ture; indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan buiiding.
AT lowect rates en furniture and pianos; strict
privacy; no ccrnrr.;s«ion;installn-,ents accepted.
BONELLI. 3i'l E<J3y. Conservatory building.
ALL loans en diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
do. S. F. Collatera.1 Loan Bank. CZS Kearny.
OPEN '"rrdit Ass'n. loans on salarVs confiden-
tially; new. simple p'.an. P.ocm 5u. ila Market.
t% ON furniture & rlanos-, $15 up; no removal;
ro com. V. TREMAIN. room U. 6 Eddy st.
1 PER rent on furniture cr piano 1003 Mu-
tual Savings Bank bide.. 708 Market st.
STAR X«oan Co. of Wyoming loan- money to
ealarled employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on r.otes without
lndor?er. MOKELL, Oj ExaminT building.
MOXEV \VA\TEI>.
A— 5 PER CENT MONTHLY
On inveMmert* of 1100 and upward; no "get-
rich-quick" ""a-Jnale. turf speculation «r gam-
tiin*f Fcjieme. but 'a reputable, established
business enterprise in San Francisco; cleared
$£7.<hx» ia*t yetsr jon $100. 000, capital;! sto<-k
lr.cr»>a»ed $20,fiC^ to enlarge the plant; "call or
»rlte for particular*.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market St.
ical^ixstii lsTexts.
A FEW SPECIAL DPBIGUT PlANcJ'^AR^
GAINS:
CoEanJ. ?.*!5; Emerson. $C5; Fil6her, 570;
Miller, f!75; Chickerins. $i«7; American,
lid; Heine. $2J5; Haynes. $150; Stelnway.
1185; Etflnway. large style, $325, and Bfty
ethers. Rents. f2 up; installments, f4 up.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-207 Geary street;
Oakland branch. Fifteenth and Broadway, old
P. Q. b'.flg. .
THE holidays are clcrs at hand and all who
contemplate electing, a piano are advised to
•elect this week to as to avoid the delay ot
j-ush week. A email payment down will se-
cure the instrument and delivery can" be
made Vfcea you wis.h; $15l» upward is all you
l ne*d tay. THE ZENO.MAUVA1S MU£IC
P COMPANY. 7CJ Market st.
WE rent the be»t piano In the city for $3 per
month; we jjiow e ] X months' rental and
cartage <€2C) off purchase price, thus giving
you a elx months' trial of the instrument for
nothing; our terms and prices cannot be
equaled in San Kranrlceo
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. SC0-C4 Hayes »t.
A FINE lot of second-hand uprights from $50
¦ up. including *uch makes as Chickering. Vose,
Krbeger. C«ria2. Klrkham, Pease, Hardman,
Msrrhall & Wendrll, Baus snd ethers BENJ.
CI'RTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell et. No
branches in San Francisco.
A TREMENDOUS sacrifice; unredeemed stor-
age pianos and furniture selling to pay stor-
*ge: dirt chear. Whitehead'» Storage; 1636
Market Et. Open evenincs.
BXND tnstrrmerts; F. Bcs«on. Paris, maker-
Gus MaivtM. Agt. Pac. Coast, 27S OFarrell;
Eklllful repairing; Std-hand instruments sold.
JlOft-T-FXNE upright, rost $400, for sale; $5 In-
stallment. .1309 Gough pt., near .Geary.
?65— UPRIGHT, piano; Fteck mthogany; nearly
new, HORNUNG BROS.. 21 « McAllister st.
.ALMOST cheaper than firewood; storage pianos
' & furniture.. 1636 Market «t. Ot>en evenings.
ALMOST nr-w upr'cht; cheap; rath or Install-
ment. SCHMITZ A CO., 16 McAllister «t. .
EEAITTIPT'L 3-pedaI 'Stelnway upright piano;
perfect order: KaeriQce. KeefTe'e.CSS O'Furrell.
BOHMEii, Byron Maury pianos. Ceci Han- piano
player.. EYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Poet st.
BUPEIUOR vlolir.r. t!therf., old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latha-m place.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A WTUK'f? news for 3 cents— The Weekly Call.
1« pajrer, in wrapr*rr. for mailing, fl per year.
rAPERIIA%Gl%G. PAIXTIXG, ETC.'
CALL' at C27 Turk et. or' phone Sutter 1&4 for
par^erhansing, painting and paper cleaned.
Papering; reasonable ' rates; tinting, painting.
Harunann Paint Co., 219 Z&; tcl. Mala* 41J.In a suit filed yesterday by Henry
Tietjen he asks the Superior Court to
©rder H. D. Ulrichs and Martin Uhl
richs. respectively president and sec
retary of the Columbia Brewing Com
pany, to issue to him a certificate de
claring him to be the owner of five
ifriares of stock in the company. He
sjlleges that the defendants refuse to
recognize h transfer of the stock' to
1 im by A. F. Meyer because they fear
t iat he will interfere with their con
t x>l of the concern.
j Nearly one-third of tbe 381.000 inhabi
t 'nts of Cleveland. O-. were born in Eu-
Asks Court to Intercede.
The Emmanuel Baptist Church will
grive a Christmas concert on the even
ing of December 27.
The principal soprano solo' on the
programme will be sung by Miss Lil
lian M. Beanston, who will render
"The King Eternal." The other num
bers will also be of a very high-clas3
order.
Church Will Give Concert.
ADAMS' Irish Moes Cough Balsam the safe.
sure, guaranteed cure. .25c, 60c.- Druggists.' •
Little gold clocks, candlesticks, cande
labra and trays a dainty line for Christ
mas, pleases everybody. Sanborn, Vail
Claude L>. Ortega, a sailor boarding
house runner, was acquitted yester
day in the United States District
Court by a jury on the charge of -hav
ing boarded the transport Logan be
fore the Custom-house officials : had
completed their inspection.
Ortega Acquitted.
Buckhorn military brush sets, shaving
mirrors, letter cases, blllbooks, traveling
sets, dress suit cases and grips make
pood presents for men. Prices right.
Sanborn, Vail & Co. •
The Good Templars' Home for Or
phans at Vallejo, through L. E. Goble,
superintendent, has. notified the Board
of Supervisors that It is prepared to
take children from 1% years of age
and keep them until they are 14 years
old, when homes are found for them.
Xo charge is made for orphans and
half orphans, but a charge to the
county of $75 is made for abandoned
children during the first year. .
Ready to Care for Orphans.
The special convention of the Gold
en Gate Christian Endeavor Union was
held last night in the First United
Presbyterian Church, when, besides an
address by the Rev. William Rader,
pastor of the Third. Congregational
Church, o*n the work of the Endeavor
Society under the leadership of Dr.
Francis E. Clark, there was the elec
tion of a president of the society to
succeed Ernest French, president-elect;
who, through illness, it was sa'id, had
been compelled to' resign. ¦
The .election resulted in the choice
by acclamation of John "W. JlTatch, an
active worker and. strong supporter of
the Fourth Congregational Church.
In his address the Rev. Mr. Rader
alluded to the coming to the city of
Dr. Francis Clark on December 30 and
advocated that the great number com
posing the Christian Endeavor Society
should give the founder of the organi
zation a reception, the memory. of
which he would carry with him on his
seventh tour around the world in the
interest and furtherance of the society.
Henry G. Mathewson, the retiring
president, announced I that -I>r. ; Clark
will be welcomed on the night of De
cember 30 at the First Congregational
Church.
Dr. Francis E. Clark to Be Given
Greeting at First Congrega
tional Churfch.
CHRISTIAN ENDEAVORERS
WILL WELCOME FOUNDER
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 17.— Mrs. Harry L.
Smith and her two young sons were burned to
death by a fire In their home at . Oaklane.
Mrs. i Klizabeth Shellmlre was badly burned
while endeavoring to awaken them.
-Mrs. Rodgers was confined to her
bed yesterday, claiming to be suffering
from her injuries. She denied that she
ever struck the wife of Louis F. Mar
e-hall. She asserts that when the men
came upon her she thought they were
footpads and she tried to run away,
but they followed her and struck her
to the ground.
Mrs. Rodgers believes that the Mar
shalls tried to injure her because of a
quarrel they had with E. J. Smith,
her brother-in-law. She claims she
could not have scratched Mrs. Mar
shall, because her nails are too short,
she having bitten them for year.s.
The Marshalls are well-known race
track men. Louis Marshall said last
night that he and his brother called
upon Mrs. Rodgers Wednesday even
ing to remonstrate with her for strik
ing Louis' wife. They did not find
her in, but met her on the corner and
immediately upon seeing them she
struck at them with her umbrella.
Louis says he did not strike Mrs.
Rodgers nor did his brother do so.
Louis Marshall claims that the rea
son Mrs. Rodgers assaulted his wife
was because of a quarrel she had w^th
her brother-in-law over the manage
men of the racehorse Mansard. He
claims that Mansard is Mrs. Rodgers 1
property and that he and Jennings
cleared up $59,000 in Chicago on the
race the animal won there, "which
made Mrs. Rodgers Jealous."
The case of Louis F. and George A.
Marshall, the brothers who are ac
cused by Mrs. Harry Rodgers of hav
ing wa'-laid and beaten her last Wed
nesday night, came up in the Police
Court yesterday, but was postponed
until- next Wednesday morning be
cause of the inability of the prosecut
ing witness to appear in court- Mrs.
Louis F. Marshall attempted to secure
a warrant for the arrest of Mrs. Rodg
ers, but Judge Conlon. declined to issue
it while the present case is pending..
Mrs. Marshall alleges that Mrs. Rodg
ers struck her at the race track.
Mrs. Sadie Rodgers Has Louis F. and
George A. 3Iarshall Arrested for
. Alleged Battery.
CHARGES TWO RACE-TRACK
MEN WITH BEATING HER
Florence was de
nied a divorce from Alexander Mathe
son by Judge Murasky yesterday and
JCidge Graham refused to grant Mary
Clark's prayer for a separation. Mrs.
Matheson failed to prove that she was
a deserted wife and Mrs. Clark did not
furnish the court sufficient evidence
to show that her husband had treated
her cruelly.
Interlocutory decrees of divorce
were granted to Anne L. Carlson from
Alfred J. Carlson for desertion and
Cora Gibbs from Silas Gibbs for neg
lect.
Suits for divorce were filed by R. M.
De Julio against F.-A.'De Julio for
neglect, J. W. Hoover against Florence
M.*Hoove.r for desertion, Minnie Ratto
against M. Ratto for neglect, Lucia
Sor^ero against Giuseppi Sordero for
desertion. " and Andrew S. Wilson
againsf Mary Wilson for desertion.
Fall to Prove They Are Entitled to
Legal. Separation on Grounds of
Cruelty and Desertion.
MARY CLARK AND FLORENCE
MATHESOX DENIED DECREES
Leon D. Neate, ex-night clerk at the
•Plymouth Hotel, - Bush and Jones
streets, who was arrested on Wednes
day by Detectives Dinan and Wren for
stealing .Jewelry and other articles
from rooms of the guests at the hotel,*
will have at least three charges of
burglary booked against hlniT~ The
three complaining witnesses will be
Mrs. Kimball, Mrs. Brown and Her
bert Thompson.
Neate denied yesterday that he ever
had any intention of poisoning Nathan
Carr, the. pawnbroker at 51€ \' z Dupont
street,, but averred that the poisqned
cocktail v was for himself. He had a
presentiment that he was to be ar
rested and - purchased' the strychnine
to be prepared for death rather than
for disgrace. If the detectives had*been
half an • hour longer in making their
appearance, he said, they would have
found his dead body.
Against this statement it is pointed
out as peculiar that Neate, shortly be
fore he went out for the cocktails,
asked Carr. to show him the inside of
the safe in the store. Carr 1 thought the
request a most unusual one, but com
plied with it. The police think it is
just possible, that Neate might have
had a thought in his mind to poison
Carr, and v rob the safe ef its contents.
Attorney -W. J. . Herrin, son, of the
proprietress of the hotel, had: a long
talk .with' Neate in' the city prison
yesterday. . Neate admitted to him
that he had stolen articles from dif
ferent rooms and had sold most.of the
plunder to Carr. He said he had been
assisted by a bellboy, but the police
do not believe him . and are satisfied
that Neate was alone in the thefts."He
sold the stolen jewelry to Carr under
the name *of Bryant."
Neate came to the city last August
and had been employed as night clerk
in the hotel for three months. In his
pockets a letter was found that he had
written to Ben Burridge, 78S Clayton
street. He asked Burridge for a loan,
as he was "dead broke" and promised
to repay him double the amount. He
also wrote that his father and mother
had come to the city and had taken
up their residence at 1032 Van Nes3
avenue. "This latter statement, the de
tectives say, is untrue.
Says . the Poisoned Cocktail
Was " Intended for Himself
and X$t for the Pawnbroker
THREE CASES AGAINST -HIM
Makes Confession to Attorney
Herrin That He Stole Jew
elry From Plymouth Hotel
Mrs. A. D. Keyes was hostess at a
pleasant luncheon yesterday in the
palm garden of the Palace Hotel. The
guests, all married women, were seated
at one large table elaborately decorated
with red carnations, Christmas berries
and autumnal foliage. The guests were
.Mrs. George C. Boardman, Mrs. Otis,
Mrs. John Parrott, Mrs. Hale, Mrs.
Charles Page, Mrs. Harry Mendell,
Mrs. Hyde- Smith, Mrs. Boyle, Mrs.
Eyre, Mrs. R. D. Girvin, Mrs. Frank
Griffin, Mrs. Silas Palmer, Mrs. James
Follis, Mrs. George C. Boardmah Jr.,
Mrs. James Flood, Mrs. Guy L. Edl£.
Mrs. William Hlnckley Taylor and Mrs.
T. Dan forth Boardman.
• * '' •
Mrs. John R. Loosley's exhibition o£
paintings will remain open at the So
rosis Club this afternoon and to-mor
row (Saturday) afternoon. \ The exhibi
tion is the subject of much admiring
comment and the artist is more than
deserving of the attention which her
work attracts from the appreciative
public.
The- Alden Club met with its presi
dent, Miss Jean Pedlar, yesterday aft
ernoon to complete arrangements for
their Christmas work. The Alden Club
always does practical "work and this
year will assist more families than
usual by giving out toys, coal and
clothing. At this meeting the club
found it necessary to elect a new secre
tary to replace Miss Rissie. whose en
gagement was announced at the last
meeting. Miss Florence Benjamin was
chosen for the office., .
The club's chief guest was , Mrs. H.
H. Tebbetts, who arrived on the trans
port Sherman with her husband, Cap
tain Tebbetts, now at the Presidio.
Mrs. Tebbetts is a cousin of Miss Ayer,
former president of the club, and was
the center of much interest during the
social hour which followed the official
business of the club.. >r
Those present were Miss Florence
Benjamin, Lavinia Giesting, Nettie
Sexton, Mabel Freeman, Elsie Young,
Addie Edwards, Elizabeth Edwards,
Miss Mabel Ayer, Mrs. H. H. Tebbetts.
The California Hotel-was the scene
of an unusually pretty dinner last
evening, at which'Mrs. Richard E. Mul
cahy .was hostess. The table was ef
fectively decorated with a profusion of
Jacqueminot roses, and covers were
laid for fourteen gue3ts.
A. Sbarboro Sr., president of the club,
entertained the officers at supper in
the Palace Grill after the ball.
The annual ball of I. Gondolier! Club
was given last evening at the Palace
Hotel. This club includes the Italian-
Swiss representatives, of which there is
quite a colony in San Francisco. There
was t>j attempt at decoration and a
quiet tlegance pervaded the entire af
fair. f i.he women were handsomely
gowned and the men in evening dress
completed a pleasing picture. Informal
dancing was the order of the evening
and at midnight supper was served in
the maple rodm, where the guests
were seated at many small tables.
The arrangements for the affair were
in charge of A. Gherini, Guldo Musto
and Dr. Giannini.
Miss Juliet Greninger entertained the
Trophy Whist Club at her home, 117
Buchanan street, last evening. Twenty
four members were present and the
game was progressive whist. Elabo
rate prizes, given by the gentlemen
of the club, were presented to the for
tunate players.
After the programme the members
enjoyed a social hour over a cup of tea.
Piano solo— "Am Meer" . . . Schubert
Mrs. Wohlander.
Song— (a) "The Danza" Chadwick
(b) "Serenade" Chadwick
Mrs. Hoagg.
Papers— "The New Thought."
Miss Juliet Greninger and -Mrs. L.
R. Tuttle.
The Irving Club held its regular
meeting yesterday afternoon in Utopia
Hall. It wa3 a closed meeting and only
members were present. Miss Juliet
Greninger, vice president, presided dur
ing the following programme:
Songs— (a) "Sing Me to Sleep"..Green
(b) "Before the .Dawn" Chadwfck
Miss Pennington.
• • •
Miss Gertrude Dutton was hostess at
a very pretty luncheon yesterday at
her home on Pacific avenue. The deco
rations were in keeping with the Yule
tide season, and holly predominated.
The debutante hostess entertained her
guests pleasantly.
Among the guests were Mrs. J. D.
Spreckels Jr., Mrs. Malcolm Henry,
Mrs. Burns' Macdonald, Mrs. Hilda
Baxter, Mrs. Henry Foster Dutton,
Mrs. William G. Morrow, Mrs. Grapon
Dutton, Mrs. Victor Clement, Miss
Charlotte Ellinwood, Miss Gertrude
Van Wyck, Miss Jennie Blair, Miss
Pearl Landers, Miss Eleanor Eckhart,
Miss Wilson, Miss Belle Harmes, Miss
Edna Mlddleton and Miss - Mayleta
Pease.
NEATE ADMITS
HIS THIEVERY
RECEPTIONS
ARE POPULAR
THESE DAYS
THE SAN .FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY/DECEMBER 18. 1903.
16
| ADVERTISEMENTS.
fAdd to yovr accomplish- j
menls and to the charm I
: : of home life by an : : 1
[i APOLLO
I PIANO PLAYER I
| The most perfect instru- I
I ment of its Kind; attachable I
I to any piano. It has a range I
} of seven octaves; others |
(have but five : : : : I
Daily recitals by Psycho in 1
our show window. |
. Benj.GlirtaZ*Son \
I! (BOLE AGEKTE) |
B Open Evenings. K
fi 16 OTcrrcII St, Son Francisco. |
¦ AJsmeia. Fresno. San Jos*. Stockton. ¦
I Oriental Goods
• At Wholesale Prices
' «
# We Offer Ottx Entire Extra rise Co>-
4 lection of
: ? -^
j Oriental Rugs!
: AND CD8TAINS
ii At 25 Per Cent ¦
• Slseount rVosa rcrolar retail prises. '
* i
* We are sole agent* for
; JOHN CROSSLEY & SOS'S
t CELEBRATED ENGLISH CARPETS
* ———
j Chas. M. Plum & Co.
I Ccr. 9th and Market Sts.
,t _________^_ ¦ ¦ *
MARKS BROS.-
SANTA CLA.US.E£S&
DA Y at MARKS BROS. ' "Home of Honest
Values." Will give to each Child ac-
companied by Parents A BOX OF CANDY.
OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL CHRISTMAS
Enormous\§ale. in Eiderdown
DRESSING
SACQUES
75c SACQUES, a/~
Special to-day atT.p**
$1.00 SACQUES, f -7/r_
Special to-dfy*at *»° C
$1.25 SACQUES. QK n
Special to-day at v£/C
$1.50 SACQUES, 0 / on
Special to-day at S>f-£u
$2.00 SACQUES, - - Q1 AZ
Special to-day a tWl; t rO_
$2.50 SACQUES, 07 7/7
Special to-day cfV'./O
$3.00 SACQUES, QOOZ
Special to-day at S>^-^O
SACQUES are Made of all Wool Rippled
and Plain Eiderdown. Neatly Trimmed
with a Hand Crocheted Design of Worsted;
Finished at Neck with Ribbon Ties. :
Others are AppUqued'and Satin Bound
with Klmona Sleeves and Silk Frogs. Large
Square or Sailor • Collars
SACQUES arc Well , Made— and Perfect
Fitting— and are . Practical Holiday Gifts
for Women.
OUR ASSORTMENTS AND QUALITIES
IN EIDERDOWN ROBES INSURE SATIS-
FACTION.
EXTRA SPECIAL VALUES, at $3.25,
$4.00, $5.00 upward to $13.50.
LATEST ARRIVALS in HOLIDAY
NECKWEAR. BELTS. "BAGS. SILK
MUFFLERS. HANDKERCHIEFS and,
RIBBON NOVELTIES now on DISPLAY.
WE ISSUE MERCHANDISE ORDERS.
They are APPROPRIATE and UP-TO-
DATE HOLIDAY GIFTS.
Green Trading Stamps with Every .
Purchase.
Marks Bros.
"Honest Values"
1220-1222-1224 Market Street
Between Taylor and Jones.
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
Friday Saturday Monday
OPEM EVENINGS.
Get our four-page Holiday Price List.
BEST COOKING. EGGS. 'Dozen. 25c.
Butter m 35c
Good Sweet Dairy Butter. Wa.9 45c.
CALIFORNIA WALNUTS. 2 lbs, 25c.
Maple Syrup. 3.t>ottle« 25c
Scudder's Pure Canada Sap. Usually 12VaC.
S5c FL'ASK WILSOX "WHISKY. £0c.
Cocktails, "Gold Lion". . . . . .Qt. bet. 85c
Manhattan. Martini.: AVhlsky. Tom Gin. Ver-
mouth. Ready to serve. Reg. $1.25.
AIRS. FABEK'S JEL. AND JAM. GLASS 10c.
Biealing- White Wine .Gallon 75c
Clear - bright and rich. Usually $1.00.
MILLEH. "WHISKY. S5c BOTTLE 50c.
Cluster Table Raisins. 3 lbs. 35c
Large Iresno Raisins. Good eatins.
1 WHITE -FIGS. POUND Oc.
Superior Wines, 8-year-old .... Gal. 31.15
Port.' Sherry.- Angelica. . Muscatel. Sauterne.
Well cured and fully , seasoned wines.
Worth $1.75. . .
KINGSFORD'S CORN3TARCH. 3 FOR 25c.
Coffee, "Costa Rica". .....'... .Fotud 20c
Many Tea Stores sell It for Java and Mocha.
at 35c per 1b.
SEEDED RAISINS. ."!-LB\PKGS. 25c.
ravorite Breakfast Mush. .' . 3 for 25c
Large 10c Packages. Best Wheat Flakes
PLAIN AND STUFFKD DATES. 5c and iOc
PACKAGE.
Horse Shoe Whisky. Ctallcn S2.00
Our best leader— excellent old liquor. Taste
. ' - and .°amplp it
Full Pint 50c Brandy, 35c.
Mince Meat, Mrs. Facer's. . . . . .2 lbs. 25o
Made from beet materials; as you v?ould make
1 It at home*- but at less cost
ASSORTED. WINES. 5Cc BOTTLE; 3 for $1.
Table Claret XXX Gallon 40c
St. Jullen Vineyard; smooth and ripe. Usually
60c.
„¦ BEST , RICE POPCORN. 5c LB.
Good Ranch Efiffrs. Soaen 40c
Large -White: every egg guaranteed.
PLUM PUDDING. FULL POUND, 22c.
Wilson Whisky . . . . . ... . .Qt. bottle 80o
Genuine, DUtllleryBottllnR; should sell at $1 25
. -; ;i 'STRONG NUTCRACKERS. 5c. .
Mixed Huts, Beat. . . . .-. ... . . ; .Pound 15c
Large, meaty walnuts, almonds, pecans. Brazil
: and filberts. -v Worth 20p - ¦ . ,
EASTERN SWEET CIDER. GAL... 40c.' •
Monopole Cbampasrne, Dry. . . . .Pints 40c
Flavors as' good as imported. Doz. $4 00.
BEST CRANBERRIES. 2 QUARTS 25c.
Port or Sherry. "Aiti'W . : . . . .Gallon 65o
Taste and compare with wines double the pric*.
1001 FILLMORE ST. (19 TAYLOR ST. ;
Park 1S3. > _ Phone Howard 1021. '
1 . ADVERTISEMENTS.
L— _ 1 Watch
A Perfect and Guaranteed
Time Piece (not a plaything)
will be
to the Boy Purchasing His
Christmas : Suit - or His Christmas
Overcoat
TO-DAY (Friday) '
in Our Big ; and Popular Juvenile
Department, Where all the
Smart juvenile Fashions Ema-
nate From and Where the As- A
sortment Is. v .. ;i- : l ¦'¦¦¦¦' \
TO-DAY'S THE DAY.
ADVERTISEMENT^ • ' ___¦_
and good clothing for the youngsters I
are the holiday attractions at Brown's. I
You know right clothes when you I
see them — we only ask right I
/g~l} prices. A complete Jp| ' 1
J£ijL assortment, strictly JQ^ j
j|/^f|| up-to-date in styles, I
Ipjljp fabrics and finishes. I
§#:/ ; il Expect more for-JlSiiilf 1
Tfjl your money here than 1
1 1 elsewhere; you will 'J U 1
I % not be disappointed. Jp*|| I
Reefer Overcoat - — — Russian Blouse Suit |
Brown, blue and gray, ; l T l \-T/\ /^AflTi HFFFR^ In red and blue shades - |
all wool cheviots. 1 WU UUUil Ul 1 L.IV3 Best all wool serge. |
$3.50 I ¦ ] $6.00 1
For holiday gifts you can find here some- 1
thing appropriate for Man, Boy or Child. Our 1
stock includes the things most wanted by men I
and the young fellows. I
IMIILjI-i TO l^LJ^IT. I
i EvCnin£S ~ ¦ " -v. « * juvenile de- ffl
1^=^ 516-5I8MARKET ST.no b^ME fi Y I