SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDA:Y, SEPTEMBER 15, 1903.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 107.
PROMINENT YOUNG WOMAN OF SAN JOSE. WHOSE DISAPPEARANCE HAS CAUSED RELATIVES AND THE
POLICE AUTHORITIES TO MAKE A SEARCH. AND THE WEALTHY SAN FRANCISCAN WHOSE SUICIDE
IS SAID TO HAVE AFFECTED THE GARDEN CITY RESIDENT'S MrN'D.
Reports .Bulgarian Victories.
t '. SOFIA. 1 Sept. ¦', 14.— A courier brings de
tails of the engagements fought in the
BUCHAREST, Roumanla, Sept. 14.— The
university students at a meeting here yes
terday protested against the atrocities
perpetrated by the revolutionary bands
and the Turkish troops upon Roumanians
in Macedonia. After the meeting the
'students « made t a hostllo-
b'efore the Ottoman, legation and Bulga
rian diplomatic agency. The police inter
fered and' dispersed the students.. A num
ber were* wounded. Much excitement pre
vails here; -
Threatening . Demonstration Before
the Ottoman Legation.
ROUMANIAN STUDENTS RIOT.
BERLIN, Sept." 14.— A dispatch to the
Frankfort Zeltung from Sofia says . the
Turkish troops have routed the Bulgarian
troops and have driven off three squads.
The report Is current that the Turkish
soldiers at'KIrk-Klllisseh, in Turkish ter
ritory, fired on- the. French consulate,
breaking the windows.
.A party of Turks near Giohepele had
with them twenty Bulgarian women and
girls. Five hundred fugitive women and
children have arrived at Tekeridsche.
Reported Outrage by Turkish Soldiers
at Kirk-Killisseh.
FIRE ON FRENCH CONSULATE.
A Russo-Austrlan note to the powers
has been received here and Is now under
consideration. It sets forth that in the
event of hostilities .by Turkey and Bul
garia, Russia and Austria : will not give
their support to either of the parties, but
will hold each of them to a strict account
ability for their actions. ,< It Is expected
that France will adhere to the Russo-
Austrlan attitude.
PARIS, Sept. 14.— The Foreign Office ad
vices from Bulgaria show that the situa
tion is growing more serious, owing to
reports that the Turkish troops are slowly
nearing the border. If their advance con
tinues there will be a general mobiliza
tion of the Bulgarian forces, preparatory
to meeting eventualities.
General Mobilization of Bulgarian
Forces Is Probable.
TURKS NEARING BORDER.
. SOFIA, Sept. 14.— While it is
possible that a Turko-Bulgarian
war may even yet be averted, the
probabilities of such an encounter
were never greater than at the
present moment. The note to the
powers, the most decided step yet
taken by the principality, was dic
tated not only by the alarming re
ports of wholesale massacres and
devastation daily arriving, but
even more by the indifference of
the powers toward, the- severity of
Turkey's repressive measures.
People here consider that the
anxiety of the powers seems, to be
manifested chiefly in repeated ad
monitions to the Porte to suppress
the revolution with all speed and
energy possible. Telegrams from
Constantinople appear in this
evening's papers asserting that the
Emha^sador? -had urg£d "tKcVSul
tan's Government to suppress the
insurrection without any,consider
ations of mercy and not to hesi
tate to burn and destroy the yil-
Jages or take any other steps
I which might be deemed necessary.
These dispatches, although of
doubtful origin and possibly not
worthy of serious consideration,
are not entirely out of harmony
with reports previously received
here.
The Bulgarian Ministry, there
appears to be little doubt, in face
of the strongest pressure from
within and : without, has endeav
ored to maintain strict neutrality,
but it appears very possible that
the Government may now depart
from this position.
They Continue to
Urge on the
Sultan.
.
Miss Hertha Page, a Prominent Young Woman of San Jose,
Leaves Her Home Mysteriously After Commenting on a San
Francisco Tragedy and Officers Search for Her in Santa Cruz
Looks in Vain to
the Nations
SOCIETY BELLE DISAPPEARS
AND FRIENDS FEAR SUICIDE
Bulgaria^ Gives
Up Hope of
Peace.
BALFOUR SAVES HIS MINISTRY
BY ARRANGING A COMPROMISE
Beyond the Fact That a Temporary Truce Has Been Patched Up,
the Net Results of the Special Cabinet Council Can Only Be
V* Conjectured by the Press and Populace of the British Capital
crowd of laborers employed near by joined
in this unusual demonstration against
the Colonial Secretary. Chamberlain, who
was accompanied by Gerald Balfour. pres
ident of the Board of Trade, showed his
customary indifference to this reception.
The police eventually were obliged to
form double lines from Balfour's house
to the Foreign Office, so as to enable th*
1T*DFIA, Sept. 14- — The Bulgarian Government, through its foreign representatives, has addressed a note to the great pozvers, declaring thdt the Porte is systematically devastating Macedonia and massacring the Christian population.
lJ Further, it says Turkey has mobilized her whole army, which cannot possibly be for the sole purpose of suppressing the 'revolution. Therefore the Bulgarian Government appeals to the humane sentiment of Europe to prevent the
continuance of the massacres and devastation and to stop the mobilisation of the Turkish army. The memorandum concludes with the plain statement that unless the pozvers intervene, Bulgaria will be forced to take such measures
as she max deem necessary.
BULGARIA NOTIFIES THE POWERS THAT WAR IS AT HAND
UMLESS THEY INTERVENE TO CHECK TURKISH ATROCITIES
"We have pretty good evidence that
Miss Page came to Santa Cruz last even-
Ing," said' the Sheriff, "but we have not
been able to find her here. She had been
talking of suicide for some time and she
made frequent references to the way; in
which* Miss Clark and Miss Waldorf, both
San Jose girls, ended their lives. To-mor
row morning we propose to make a search
of the beach from here to Capltola. No
person in seems to have . seen her
about, but the conductor and one of the
brakemen on the train that left San Jose
last night assured me that she was a
passenger. Her relatives fear that - she
has ended her life." *
' SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 14.— Sheriff Lang
ford of Santa Clara County, with a broth
er of Miss Hertha Page, arrived here on
the night train. They made visits to all
of the prominent hotels, but could gather
no: information about the missing young
woman.
Sheriff LangfoTd Visits Hotels, but
Cannot Find Miss Page.
SEARCH IN SANTA CRUZ.
late this .afternoon leaning against a
warehouse at the narrow gauge depot.
Her 'sister identified the wueel. The au
thorities in San"" Francisco were commu
nicated with, also those In Santa Cruz.
The missing girl took all her change with
her, but it is not thought she had over $5.
. Sheriff Langford learned this evening
that a young lady answering the descrip
tion of Miss Page took the o:25 train last
evening for Santa Cruz, and the Sheriff
left at t):20 to-night for that place. Rel
atives of Miss Page believe now that she
has. become temporarily insane. -
SAN JOSE. Sept- 14.— Miss
Hertha Page, a popular young
woman of this City.' has-mys
teriously disappeared and her
family and friends fear that
she may # have taken her life.
For some time she has been ill and de
epondent. Last evening at 6 o'clock she
left her home, 661 South Seventh street,
«n a bicycle to call on Mrs. R.' Lassere,
who lives on South Eleventh street, near
Margaret. Since then Miss Page has not
been seen.
Whether she called at the Lassere home
or not is not known, as the Lassere fam
ily was not at home at the time.. There
is no love affair in connection with the
girl's disappearance and her family is
troubled at the mystery. Miss Page acted
rather strangely in starting out and
seemed worried about something. After
the left the house she came back and
told her eister she wished there was an
other wheel, so that she could go along.
A few minutes later she returned again
and said she came back to pump up her
wheel. Her sister commented on this as
funny. a» the wheel had Just been sent
from the shop, but Miss Hertha Page
said the wheel had a slow puncture.. She
then rode away In the direction of
Eleventh and Margaret streets.
All last night friends and relatives of
the girl conducted a search for Miss Page
and this morning her disappearance was
reported to the police and Sheriff. No
trace of her can be found nor can it be
learned that che called on any of her
friends. Circulars are being prepared to
be sent to the various towns of the State
in thfc hope that she may be found.
PROMINENT IN SOCIETY. •
The your.s woman lived with her
mother," Mrs." Catherine \ Page," and . her
brothers and sisters at 6G1 South Seventh
street Miss- Page Is a- prominent mem
ber of the San Jose Oratorio Society and
has taken part In all the light operas pre
sented by that organization.. She, is also
a member of the San Jose Ladies' Band
and the Native Daughters of the Galden
West. She was prominent In society and
church affairs and her" homes life' .was
pleasant
Two months ago Miss Page went to
Lake Tahoe with some relatives . and
spent six weeks at that resort. After that
she was at Sacramento two weeks and re
turned to her home . in this city on Sep
tember 9. . Bhe complained about the heat
as soon as she got ' home.' and.' appeared
on the verge .of collapse from nervous
prostration. While away. she. had an at
tack of heart disease and was. treated by
a physician,- but she kept the matter a
secret so 'as not to ''worry "her mother.'
Three years ago Miss Page suffered from
nervous prostration 'and it is said that at
that time her mind was affected. '
Miss Page 'is' 27 years of age, 5 feet 2
inches in height and weighs 125 pounds.
When she, left home she wore a pink and
white striped waist,- black velvet Jacket,
a Bhort bicycle. skirt of gray wool and a
white hat trimmed with forget-me-nots.
She* has dark hair and blue eyes.. ,
The suicide of Miss Isabella Clark, in
San Francisco a few days ago attracted
the attention of, Miss Page and she : was
deeply interested in the matter. From
her comments on the case 'her friends be
lieve she also contemplated suicide. AH
the creeks 'and out of the way : places
around the city. are being searched .by
friends of the glrL • "' ' •
The bicycle of Miss Page was found
CHAMBERT. A TN., IS- HOOTED.' ,
LONDON, Sept. 14.— From all parts of
Continued' on Page > 2, Column ¦ 3.
• The Daily .Telegraph, which probably is
the best informed, asserts that the Cabi
net cristsLrwas postponed -until -this even
ing, and-'that the discussion of the fiscal
question will be continued at the resumed
meeting to-day, but that, whatever may
be the . upshot, Premier Balfour ... will
neither resign, dissolve Parliament nor
summon an autumn session. ,~ . '
The Standard, . on the other hand,, as
serts with equal positiveness that the fis
cal inquiry was finished and that the ad
journed meeting will deal with the for
eign policy. It . understands that the
"question of imposing preferential .tariffs
or any other Innovation In Great Britain's
fiscal policy has been shelved until an
appeal can be made to the country, and
that during the existence of , the present
Parliament the action'" of the -Ministers
will be confined to discussion and In
quiry. T
Amid these j conflicting . reports - an
agreement is found' in the most authori
tative quarters on one point— namely, that
Premier Balfour has succeeded in induc
ing hia colleagues to agree to some sort of
compromise 'which will, keep the present
Ministry in office,- though it probably | will
be ' slightly reorganized, and - : that • this
compromise " Is most likely a" continuance,
of the policy of "Inquiry." 'Ariyaction
on the fiscal question will thus be
shelved, and - for the . details of the , com
promise it probably ,' will . be necessary jto
wait for Balfour's promised "! speech on
October. 1. ;. —
The "slight reorganization" may 'in
clude a new Chancellor "of ' the Exchequer
¦ to succeed Ritchie, who- seems determined
to resigni and minor changes -in* other'di
rections.'- '-.'.' .
• almost nugatory, and the Gov
ernment press organs this morning offer
the most conflicting accounts of what
took place at the' meeting.
-»y ONDON, Sept. : 15.— The Mlnis
m ters • kept secret the ' discus
¦ B slon9 of yesterday's Cabinet
B council so effectively that the
JSsLm^^f speculation as to the results is
HEAD OF BRITISH MINISTRY. SECRETARY WHOSE FISCAL SCHEME
IS CAUSING TROUBLE AND TWO MEMBERS OF THE CABINET
WHO MAY TENDER THEIR RESIGNATIONS.
the country and Continent British' Cabi
net'members came to London to-day to
attend the Cabinet meeting, which was
regarded as marking the most Important
phase in the recent - political history of
the United Kingdom. The Times voiced
public sentiment In saying it was a "great
occasion," • more : important ¦ even than ! the
historic meeting when home rule was up
permost,' for the main issue to-day was
the "unity of . the . empire."
% Balfour, who . arrived in London from
Scotland . yesterday, * went : to Downing
street early, j There a number of treasury
officials were closeted all • the morning
with Balf our* s secretaries, going over the
statistics on which the Cabinet is' sup
posed to, base its decision* for or against
free trade. %
> Chamberlain,' who was the central fig
ure in to-day's proceedings, left Birming
ham; .'accompanied- by- his wife. A large
crowd bid : them farewell at the railroad
station. On their arrival here Mrs..Cham
berlain went to their London homeand
Chamberlain- proceeded.- to the Colonial
Office. ". ' "
Upon" the ' arrival ' of . Chamberlain at
Downing street he was loudly hooted. A
Besides the fiscal question and the effect
on the country of the publication of the
War Commission's report some attention
was riven to the Balkan situation; " but
confidence prevails that Great Britain will
not depart from her poliey of advocating
the continuance of the concert at thm
powers.
Cabinet Ministers to enter the latter
place.
The Cabinet meetlnr ended at 5:50
o'clock. It transpired that the predicted
division In the Cabinet over Chamber
lain's fiscal proposals actually occurred
and that a partial reorganization of the
Ministry is probable. Rltchia ¦ expressed
his unalterable opposition to any change
in the fiscal system. Nothing Is believed
to have occurred to modify the opinion
that he will -resign the Chancellorship of
the Exchequer.
In spite of the South African War Com
mission's severe criticism of Lord Lans
downe's course as Secretary of War, It Is
declared that he proposes to remain at
the head of me Foreign Office, and It was
remarked by one who knows hia views
that he has made quite a different record
in his present place than when as War
Secretary he had to contend with the
opposition of Lord Wolseley.
The San Francisco Call.LONDON, Sept. 14.— A special dispatch
from the Bulgarian frontier reports that
another Servian military plot has been
discovered at Kraguyevats, fifty- nine
miles from Belgrade. Several more
officers have been arrested.
"Hypnotism; Good and Bad," will be
the subject for discussion by Dr. Mclvor-
Tyndall at Steinway Hall next Sunday
evening. Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall i<? one of
the world's greatest authorities on the
power of hypnosis and will doubtless im
part some startling information regarding
the good and ill effects of the subtle
force. In addition to the^Jecture there
will be an hour's demonstration of the
fascinating and exciting phases of psychic
phenomena. Including thought-reading,
clairvoyance and telepathy. The reserved
seat salo opens ¦ to-morrow morning at
"That man Pitts'," 1008 Market street.
Good and Bad Hypnotism.
After the singing of "America" by the
audience Rev. A. M. Hyde pronounced
the benediction, which closed the services.
TOLEDO, O., Sept. 14.— Toledo was en
fete to-day over the unveiling of the Mc-
Kinley statue, the first memorial to the
late President erected in Ohio. After a
naval parade on the river, including the
United States gunboat Michigan and the
training ships Yantlc and Hawk and a
procession led by a battalion of United
States Infantry, the statue, which stands
fronting the court house, was unveiled
by Miss Bonner. CoL J. C. Bonner, presi
dent of the Memorial Association, in a
brief address presented the monument to
the county, and Henry Conrad, president
of the Board of County Commissioners,
accepted the trust on the part of the
county. M. A.- Hanna was then in
troduced as honorary president of the day
and made a brief extempore address. A
dedicatory poem by TJieodore McManus
was read by the author, and the orator
of the day, Senator Charles W. Fairbanks
of Indiana spoke.
Statue Is the Eirst to Be Erected
in Ohio to the Late
President.
McKTNLEY MEMORIAL
"IS UNVEILED AT TOLEDO
.NARRAOANSETT, R. I., Sept. 14.—
Judge Albert Ritchie of the Supreme Ju
dicial Court of Maryland died this after
noon after an illness of three weeks.
Death of Maryland Jurist.
NEW YORK. Sept U.— Wall street was
agitated to-day by a report that Keene
and Harriman were about to renew their
warfare and that some big new suits
were In prospect. Edward Lauterbach of
Keene's counsel denied the report, say
ing that the rumor probably originated
from the fact that the argument in the
suit to restrain Talbot, Taylor & Co. is
set for October. Notwithstanding Lau
terbach's denial Union Pacific stock fell
2% points and Southern Pacific 2%.
Report That Keene and Harrimaq
Were About to Renew Warfare
Causes Stocks to Decline.
DISQUIETING RUMOR
AGITATES WALL STREET
\ •
DAWSON, Sept. 14. — Dawion stands on
a gold mine and its streets are paved with
gold. Excitement prevailed in Dawson
Saturday night over the circulation of tha
report that pay dirt running from 2 to 15
cents to the pan had been struck at the •
head of Albert street, In the heart of
the city. The report proved true, but has
caused no extraordinary rush for claims.
The gravel In all directions near Daw
son contains gold. This Is a little richer
than most of the dirt within the city
limits and may be rich enough to pay the
owner to sluice it In the spring, when the
freshets furnish plenty of cheap water
from the big hill back of town. Tha
strike was made by some men hauling
gravel from the old gravel pit. Thousands
of yards of the same dir,t has been scat
tered along the streets of Dawson in the
process of grading, and since It ail eon
tains more or less gold It may literally bo
said that the streets of the Imperial city
of the north are paved with gold.
low Metal.
Excitement Caused in the Klondike
City by the Glitter of Yel-
GOLD IS DISCOVERED
IN STREETS OF DAWSON
ECZEMA, NO CURE/ NO PAY.
Your druggist will refund your money if PAZO
OINTMENT falls to cure Ringworm, Tetter.
Old tlleers anrt Sorea>. Pimples and Blarkhead*
en the face, and all skin diseases. SO cents. *
BEIRUT,- Syria; Sept.Ul— It is reported
that Klazim .Bey, of Palestine,
will succeed Reshid Pasha asVali of Bel
rut (relieving Nazlm Pasha, Vail of
Syria. ;. who is now acting Vnll of Beirut).
Kiazlm Bey has evinced great administra-
Kiazi m Bey to Rule Beirut.
. The members ; of -the, Board of Educa
tion visited the new Noe Valley school
building yesterday • morning and reported
favorably, on • the progress of the i work
there. From present * appearances ' the
building will b« • ready ' for ' occupancy
about' November 1 !; '
Visit New School Building.
BOGOTA, Colombia. Sept. 14.— The Sen
ate has approved the bill authorizing the
Government ', to negotiate a new Panama
canal treaty with' the United States on
Its firat reading; Senor Perez y> Noto an
nounces, that be will report it In the sub
sequent debates.; ;
Wants to Negotiate New Treaty.
For quite a while Bulgarian agitators have
cnd«t»«er«>d public order in the . provinces of
'Adrianopl«. Salonloa. Monastir and. Kossovo
by acts of vandalism and by inciting the sim
ple country people to mutiny. The subversive
ideas which said airiUtors instil! Into the mind*
of (he country r>enjjle and the mipirrstion* made
•n tfacm wIUj the object of sainlns them; over
WASHINGTON. Sept 14.-chekib Bey,
the Turkish Minister, has received from
the Imperial Government the copy of a
note Bent by it for publication in four of
the provinces of Turkey, warning" the in
habitants against listening to the repre
sentations of the Bulgarian agitators.
Following Is a translation of the note: ¦
Grieves Over Macedonia's Failure to
Appreciate Kindly Rule.
ABDUL'S HEART IS TOUCHED.
The letter says 1000 soldiers attacked a
village of 2000 population, murdering all
but 100 and leaving only ten buildings
standing.
BATTLE CREEK, Mich., Sept M.-T0
day's mall brought sorrowful . news to
three employes of the Battle Creek Iron
¦Wprlh^ Philip Trifforn, night watchman;
was notified that two brothers and their
children had been '- murdered in Turkish
Macedonia, S. Forety was informed ' that
both of his sons -were murdered and M.
Spealazer that his sons and an uncle were
killed. <i2?&m&*a$
Three Battle Creek Workmen Lose
Relatives in Macedonia.
LETTER TELLS OF MTTBDERS.
From. Los Angeles— W. B. Beamer, at
the Hoffman: C. L. "Johnson, at the Mor
ton; H. S. Jones, at the Earllngton; \Rev.
G. Qulnan and wife, at -the Murray Hill;
N. F. Wllshlre and Mrs. G. Wilshlre, at
the Holland.
NEW YORK, Sept. ft.— The following
Californians are in New York: From San
Francisco— Mrs. E. Barrow, at the Hol
land; Miss P. Cosgrove, at the Holland;
J. E. Damon and wife, at the Astor
House; Miss K. Dillon, at the Holland;
J. D. Dougherty, at the Normandie; H.
A. Gerrieh, at the Union Square; W. N.
Hoffeld, at the Continental; W. H. Hollis,
at the Herald Square; Mrs. Keife, at the
Metropolitan; W. Leach, at the Grand
Union; P. M. Maher, at the Astor House;
Mrs. M. Moore, at the Herald Square; J.
Schloss. at the Belvedere: K.C. Schmidt,
at the Netherlands; J. Shannon, at the
Grand; C. D. Slocum, at the Grand Union;
A. W. .Templeman, at the, Herald Square;
B. Cartum and F. Damon, at the Hol
land House; H. C. Hyde and wife, at the
Winsonla; H. Johnson and wife, at the
Vejidome. ' ¦ . -
Californians in, New York.
The strength of the alleged .Insurgents
is estimated at from forty to four, hun
dred. The movement is political and not
intended by its leader to . assume serious
proportions. . . .
There was much excitement in the city
this afternoon and wild reports of a revo
lution, were current Nearly all the rural
guards In the province were assembled
here to receive President Palma and 200
men were dispatched this evening- to the
scene of the trouble. The municipal police
have arrested - four armed men who were
going out. to Join. th« outlaws. ;•¦„ , :
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Sept. , 14.—Re
ports of an armed party at Sevllly, near
Biboney. this morning, caused Governor
Yereo to send a force of rural guards,
who located the party, which was of un
known strength, and attempted to arrest
the men. ; A fight ensued, in which the
commander of the rural guard was
wounded, but no outlaws were captured.
fray and the Desperadoes
, Make Their Escape.
Commander Is Wounded in the Af-
RURAL GUARDS ENGAGE^ V
IN FIGHT WITH OUTLAWS
The ammunition for the insurgents comes not
only from Bulgaria, but •lso from Odessa Rus
ela, Thl* fart Is well known to Turkey and
¦he is undecided if to taking an energetic steD
rrnliiKT Bulgaria. Itecsune Fhe fears that Rus
sia -will pre\-rnt her. Why should Turkey de
sire a euccesuful war with Bulgaria, when, af
ter the successful Greek war. she was assured
by the EmbaMtadot* that Crete was lost to her?
Macedonia is not Crete, and It will not be eaey
to maneuver Turkey out bt that province.
In reply to the question why TurEey
had not yet quelled the uprising in Mace
donia the diplomat said:
Bulgaria wishes a war with Turkey. For this
purpose the explosions on board th« Hungarian
Fteamer Vaskapu were caused. They were in
tended to take place when the vessel was at
tTonrtantla^f !e. in order to bring about a mat
n.crt of the Bulgarians by the Turks, and it
was hoped that this massacre would lead to ln
tenention by tlie powers. The plan, however
failed, owing to the delay in the departure of
the (Wipt from Varna.
BERLIN. Sept 14.— The Tageblatt pub
lishes . an Interview with a diplomatist
who holds a position In Bulgaria. In the
course of which he is reported to have
raid:
Diplomatist Says Their Ammunition
Comes From Odessa.
RUSSIA AIDING INSURGENTS.
Admiral Cotton telegraphs from Beirut, 13th
instant that he had exchanged very «atl»
factory vUlu with the -governor general. ; The
governor general has personal charge of the
Vice Consul ca»«. Twenty-eight persons, in
cluding the principals in the disturbances of
la»t Sunday, h*v« been arrested. Beirut quiet.
Administration of new governor gjenerai In
spires confidence. • The former governor gen
eral left on the 12th Instant for Constantinople.
. WASHINGTON. Sept 14.— The Navy
Department to-day posted the following
bulletin:
MANY ARRESTS HT BEIRUT.
Admiral Cotton Cables ThAt the City
Xi 'Remains Tranquil.
SAN DOMINGO, Santo Domingo, Sept.
14.— Minister Powell Is reported to have
had a' long interview with the republican
Secretary for Foreign Affairs. . At .this
interview Powell stated that the Ameri
can Government expected the Do
minican Government to keep Its engage
ments regarding the agreement on the
subject of the Improvement Company's
claims. The Secretary is said to have in
formed the Minister that he did not
recognize the agreement made, but would
submit the matter for decision to the
National Congress, as Congress- had de
clared all the acts of the late President
Vasques to be illegal and without effect.
Secretary for Foreign Affairs Says
Acts of the Late President
Vasquez Are Illegal.
DOMINICAN GOVERNMENT
REPUDIATES AGREEMENT
BERLIN, Sept. 14.— An extraordinary
letter, purporting to have been written
by a Bulgarian statesman, appears in the
Kleine Journal. The writer asserts that
a subterranean passage leads from the
castle, where Prince Ferdinand lives as
though bosieged, to the river, through
which the Prince can escape by water
when convinced that his position is no
longer tenable. It is added that the
Princess Clementine, mother of Prince
Ferdinand, who caw King Edward at
Vienna, told him that her son was In a
deplorable position and in danger of his
life and begged the King to have a ves
sel in readiness to carry him r.way from
Bulgaria. King Edward, it is asserted,
assured Princess Clementine that Prince
Ferdinand would always find an asylum
In England. -;.•;•'
Subterranean Passage From Ferdi
nand's Palace to the River.
PRINCE BEADY FOR FLIGHT.
mountains of Pirin recently. On August
28 a band led by Stoganoff fought a force
of Turkish troops. The Turks lost fifty
killed and 40 wounded. Gogrofof's band
on September 1 tought 200 Turk^, who lost
twelve men.
Continued From Page 1, Column 4.
listen to the fallacious Instigations nor break
away from the line of fidelity, devoting them
selves tranquilly as In the past to their occu
pations, trusting in the Justice cf the Imperial
Government and returning- to the authorities
the arms and explosives they might have in
their possession. %
All persons who give vent to acts of van
dalism or to deeds that might disturb publlo
order, or who may lend their aid to the dis
turbers of the public peace shall be immedi
ately prosecuted by the military and severely
punished.
A dispatch from Rilta says 200 fugitives
from Razlog, province of Seres, accom
panied by a Russian Sister of Charity,
have crossed into Bulgaria,
An engagement between the Turks and
insurgents has taken place at Ribartzl,
near Kitschevo, and there again the
Turks had many killed and wounded,
while the Insurgent casualties amounted
to three. The . villages of Tsetitlna and
Skotchivlr, in the same district, have
been destroyed and their inhabitants
massacred. ¦ ' \
The insurgents now have nearly 2000
men armed with rifles in Eastern Mace
donia, and thousands of peasants are
ready to join their forces when a general
rising has been proclaimed. This step/i3
being delayed until a supply of rifles, car
tridges and dynamite is received. New
bands aggregating 1600 men are reported
to be on their way to the frontier. The
Turkish forces now in Eastern Macedonia
are estimated at 17,000. •
In the conflicts in the mountains of
Pirln the Turks are reported to have lost
heavily in dead, while a great many were
wounded. The revolutionists had only one
slightly wounded.
The peasants are welcoming the insur
gents everywhere with the greatest en
thusiasm. The bands . are experiencing
great difficulty in obtaining . arms. It is
believed that not a single riflie can be
found In Sofia outside the garrison.
The Bulgarian Government is reported
to have protested against Austria's ac
tion in intercepting the. ten million car
tridges ordered in Hungary, for which
Bulgarian money has been paid to the
contractors. • ?;¦)
A panlo prevails In the town of Veloa.
The soldiers permit no one to leave Ve
los and all of the peasants in the sur
rounding villages have been killed and
the villages destroyed. Complaints made
to the civil and military authorities have
been without avail. \
Severe fighting has occurred near «the
town of Okrlda, in which the. Turks lost
heavily, . but the bands were forced to
retire. ;
women and children. A guerrilla warfare
Is expected to exhaust the Turks much
sooner, while the unhampered bands can
move more easily and more rapidly. It is
hoped that the new tactics will result in
the women and children being spared un
necessary dangers.
BULGARIA GIVES UP HOPE OF PEACE
NEW GRAND VIZIER OF THE OTTOMAN EMPIRE; BULGARIAN RULER WHOSE THRONE IS IN DANGER,
AND SCENE OF THE RECENT FANATICAL MURDERS WHICH RESULTED IN THE SENDING OF UNITED
STATES WARSHIPS TO PROTECT THE LIVES OF FOREIGN RESIDENTS.
The Sofia correspondent of the Times
telegraphs that the situation has changed
distinctly for the worse. He says:
"The powers appear to be pursuing the
Barne tactics which preceded the Greco-
Turkish war, and the result prdbably will
be similar. Instead of taking steps to
check the barbarities committed in Mace
donia they have allowed matters to drift
and are now trying to find a remedy in
useless and irritating admonitions to the
Bulgarian Government. Count Lainsdorf,
the Russian Foreign Minister, and Count
GoluchowBki, the Austro-Hungarian For
eign Minister, have expressed to the oth
er powers that an identical note should be
etnt to Turkey and Bulgaria, warning
them that in the event of war neither
combatant can expect aid from the great
powers, and that the Austro-Rusilan re
form scheme will be maintained and the
Ftatus quo preserved."
It is stated in Vienna that the repre
sentatives of the power* have advised the
Sultan to withdraw the Albanian redlfs
from Adrianople on account of their law
lessness:
The correspondent gives an authenti
cated case of the massacre near Monastir
of thirty Inhabitants, who yielded on the
strength of HUmi Pasha's proclamation
guaranteeing their safety.
An Athens dispatch says that Premier
Rail has formulated a demand for the
punishment of the Turkish leaders re
sponsible for the pillage of the Greek vil
lnges in Macedonia and the murder of
their inhabitants.
A dispatch from Monastir to the Daily
Mail denies that the insurgents have been
terrorized or dispersed by the Turkish
troops. They are merely biding their
time, it cays.
It is announced in' Sofia that Prince
Ferdinand will return to the Bulgarian
capital from Euxinograd in a few days,
when the Government will take some de
cisive step.
The Daily Mail understands that the
British Cabinet yesterday resolved upon
naval co-operaticn with the powers in
Near Eastern waters, and that British
warehips will shortly appear at Salonica.
The Turkish Embassy in London has
again issued a long statement warning
the public against the unfounded reports
and slanders from Bulgarian sources
dally appearing in the London daily pa
pers, and denying seriatim the reports of
Turkish atrocities and Ait Turkish
troops have been ordered 10 cross into
Eastern Roumelia In order to cut off the
insurgent bands, etc. The statement fur
ther gives accounts of Turkish successes
against the Bulgarian "brigands," repre
sents the bands as demoralized, hiding
and surrendering, and asserts that the
Bulgarian inhabitants of the Ottoman
provinces who joined the bands are now
imploring the imperial clemency and are
surrendering the arms distributed to
them by the revolutionary agents.
LONDON, Sept. 15.— The note sent by
Bulgaria to the powers, declaring that
unless the latter intervene In Macedonia,
Bulgaria will be forced to take such
Tn« atarrs as she may deem necessary, is
raid to be a prelude to the mobilization
of the Bulgarian army unless Europe ex
erts herself in some way to prevent a
conflict There is probably some connec*
tJon between this eventuality and the de
cision of the revolutionists to revert to
guerrilla tactics, which may be In order
to reserve their resources for co-opera
tion with Bulgaria.
Bulgaria's Note a Prelude to Mobil
ization of Troops.
LAST PLEA TO THE POWERS.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Sept 14— Official
dispatches report that 100 insurgents have
b^en killed in the district of Monastir,
•where the revolutionary bands are com
pletely demoralized. At Kitschevo ninety
insurgents have been killed and the Turk
ish troops captured two wooden cannon.
Forty insurgents have been killed at Ijl
dcr and the same number at Goriza,
Orders have been received to watch
carefully over the security of the Ameri
can missionaries here, because It Is said
that the Bulgarians, with a view to pro
voking energetic intervention on the part
of the United States, are meditating an
attack on them.
Tbo Turkish force employed to "drive"
the Venlflje district has been increased
from eight to eleven battalions. The
Prtsrende battalion, which had become
notorious for Its misconduct at Klrk-
Klilisseh, has been disbanded, and the
rr.cn bamlshed to their homes.
SALONICA. Sept 14.— The insurgents
claim to have annihilated a Turkish bat
i alion at the village of Roupel, near Demir
Hlysar.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 14.— The No
voe Vremya to-day demands Intervention
in Macedonia and proposes, as a solution
cf the difficulties, the attaching of officer*
of the foreign powers to all Turkish re
pressive expeditions, with authority . to
prevent cruelty.
missioner asserts that Servian
bands crossed the frontier, but were drlv
en back by the Turk*. Fighting is report
ed to be continuing along the Turko-Ser
vian frontier. '
VIENNA. Sept. 14.— Dispatches from
Rlstorac, Serrta, report fresh In
vasions of Servian territory by Al
banian troops. Tne Turkish com-
tics in Eastern Macedonia. . The
policy of occupying towns arid villages
has proved a.. mistake |md it has usu
ally resulted in Turkey reoccuplng the
villages, destroying everything and kill-
Ing, the inhabitants, the Insurgents being
hampered in their operations by the
SOFIA, Sept 14.-Warned by pre
vious disastrous experiences, the
revolutionary leaders have de
cided to adopt only guerrilla tac-
Therefore, by these presents, a warning 1?
{riven the inhabitants that they BhouM not
and making them participant! in their crimes
are radically contrary to the interests of the
tranquil Inhabitants when enjoying quietness
and wellb«tng; under the auspices of the Im
perial Government, causing them considerable
Injury, morally as well ait materially.
Such acts lend to endanger public order and
to do harm to a part of the people, and at the
same time to hurt all the feelings Of humanity
and to arouse the Indignation of the entire
civilized world. This is so manifest that the
KTeateet part of those i\no permitted them
relves to be convinced by them have In the
main declared their submission.
tive ability and has maintained excellent
order in Palestine.
TTTBKS WTN" A BATTLE.
Chebik Bey^ Reports Disaster to Bul
garian "Brigands."
WASHINGTON, Sept. 14.-i-Chekib Bey.
the Turkish Minister, called at the State
Department to-day. A cablegram received
to-day by Chekib Bey from his Govern
ment told of a fierce encounter which
took place yesterday near Keseye between
Turkish troops and Bulgarian brigands,
in which more than 100 of the latter were
killed and a large number taken prison
ers. The dispatch also said that quanti
ties of arms, ammunition and dynamite
bombs were captured.
The Minister informed Acting Secretary
Adee that the operations of the Turkish
troops recently have led to the capture of
a large number of Bulgarian brigands and
that a state of panic exists among them
in consequence of the determination of
the Sultan to suppress their lawless acts.
NORTHWESTERN RAILWAYS
ARE IN A BAD CONDITION
ST. PAUL, Sept. 14.— With losses
amounting to $250,000 a day for three days,
several fatal wrecks, numerous derail
ments, more .than 100 washouts, telegraph
wires down, a soaking rain in progress
over several States and snow plows work-
Ing on the Western lines. Northwestern
railways are taxed to the utmost limit
of their ability to maintain anything like
regular service and to preserve the safety
of their passengers. It has been years
since there was a situation so serious.
Beginning with the heavy rainstorm
Friday night and early Saturday morning,
there has been an almost continuous
downpour in Minnesota, Iowa and the
Dakotas and sections of Nebraska.
Late to-day reports from the northern
part of the State showed that rains were
general. Southwest of St. Paul worse
conditions prevail and throughout most of
Iowq._ Southern Minnesota and Eastern
Wisconsin rain was falling.
Russian Nobleman Accused of Crime.
ROCHESTER, N. Y., Sept. 14.— Jules de
Agrleft*. known as the "Count," was ar
rested here to-day from a description
sent out by the Omaha police, stating
that he was wanted in Nebraska for for
gery. He admitted to the police that he
is the man named in the circular. He
speaks several languages fluently and had
several, documents with him vouching for
his rank as a Russian nobleman. On his
person were found two outline maps of
the Dolore gold mine in Arizona.
Soldier Stabbed by Comrade.
GIL.ROY, Sept. 14.— Charles Martten. a
member of one of the batteries of field
artillery camping at Sargents Station.
was stabbed to-day by a fellow eoldier
and was taken to the Government Hospi
tal at the Presidio of San Francisco. Gen
eral MacArthur is at the camp and a
military inquiry will be held. - The In
jured man Is said to belong to a promi
nent San Francisco | family. His injuries
in the bowels are considered ' dangerous.
CIBCTJS TENTS ABE FOLDED
AND SHOW M0VE£ ONWARD
The last night of the circus was char
acterized by a crowd that filled every
available Inch of sitting room in the big
tent. All the reserved seats were sold
early and hundreds who wished to secure
them were obliged to view the spectacle
from the bleachers.
AH of the features were given in full,
and as fast as they showed they were
started for the cars on their way toAla
meda, via San Jose. This longer trip was
necessary because it is almost impossible
to ferry the great aggregation across the
bay.
The circus has done a phenomenal busi
ness during Its week's stay in the city
and every one of Its patrons received their
money's worth. It made good every one
of its promises, and as in past years it has
left behind it only pleasant memories. As
long as.Ringllng? Bros, have a show they
will be assured of generous patronage in
San Francisco* >"" ':'•}
Semi-Official Russian Newspaper Ad
vances Plan for Ending Turkish
Massacres and Restoring Peace
Insurgents Resort to Guerrilla Tac
tics and Will Operate in Mobile
Bands Against Sultan's Forces
ALBANIAN TROOPS INVADE SERVIAN TERRITORY
AND FIGHTING PROCEEDS ALONG THE FRONTIER
,•¦•¦¦¦ - ¦ . • ¦ ¦ -. - ¦ . .
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1903.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
£h A Popular Railroad Conductor
'rfMWlMz of Kansas City, Mo.,
/pS£iI^ Recommends
ror' __. Pe-fii-n8i
"There Is Nothing Like Pe-ru-na
for Liver and Bladder
'-•*'-••*" — T Mr - w * **¦ Butler. 1628 Belleview ave..
~ : * :^* :^l8 Kansas City. Mo., was Secretary and
•'.-''I'--**— --^^^- "^^Er^jSy Treasurer of the O. R. C. of America.
¦¦''..•''J.'.'-^%~-~ZIZZ- ~. :^§$k Mr. ¦ Butler is an old and popular con-
•¦•^-••^-^•.•.v.V- — ¦ —^pSSl ductor of the St. Louis and San Fraa-
Cisco R. K. Co. He writes:
i^^^^^^^^p^^^^^ " There is nothing like Peruna for
¦^ :^^^^^^^\^^^M /jyer and °l adder trouble. A number
of railroad men have used it when
§r3^^^^^*E^^^S they were broken down from the con-
irr^^^^^g^^^^^^: stant strain which they are obliged
to undergo, and were greatly ben-
SBi»f efited by its use. I have used it
% frequently for myself and family,
and would not be without it for the
¦^¦ rr- -~j^g=gp world,
=5SS|llli|§||^ A CURABLE DISEASE.
2^==§||||§§jj||k Chronic Catarrh Is Pronounced
lii^r^iiPlBiBf'iMs^ Curable by Dr. Hartman.
P§§H^. There are almost countless numbers
C§£=§§^ /S^li^£l$*SsS§? of reme-iies said to cure chronic ca-
Kl^^^^S^ilfl^eijiRraSlSS^S tarrh. The most of these are ot no use
i$5Si5§S§2S!wE 3tesR2Btf\KH8iii whatever and worse than useless; sons
ar e actually harmful. A few are suc-
g"a5SI~ :::^^^ :^SgmaliiIXvSg'g cessful In a small number of cases —
g^ri^^^^^ir^^MKf JSKSn those which are very slight and easily
| f~ \ Tr^^gr^^vSyy /vj^^ curable — cases which might perhaps set
~ ' ' —7 well by simply taking care not to catch
5 1 1 t T TV^\ 4. 1 .— . ... ¦ V.' colA again.
1 C% - W I IllJTlcK .P/ But of all the vast multitudes of med-
\> " * * **• *-* *¦* *• »>* l * <f/ \ lclnes it cannot be said that there are
/A_^5^SiS;^s«J^^^--I^^^ > AI f more than two or three wjjlch are ac-
££>- , *^*i \ tually specifics, and without doubt th«
-^-~-~>-* < ~*-^ — >-*>— x^- n-- v-*^-^«^ w most reliable is Peruna. It always cures
when faithfully and conscientiously
If you do not derive prompt and satis- use <»- « not only cures catarrh of the
factory results from tne use of Peruna Jjead and throat, bronchial tubes lung-s.
write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a bu 3 catarrh of the stomach, liver kid-
f.ull statement of your case, and he will nevs « . b °y e^' l" d - in JL a f *• any ot the
he nlpflqpri tn civ<T vnn hi«t vtlnthi* »r1- organs of the human body,
vice eratls - vaiuaDle aa- A bQok Qf 6| , nstruct i ve i y illustrated
%.?'"• ¦ „ . -, . . . - pages on catarrh and catarrhal dlseajes
Address Dr. Hartman. President of be 8ent free to any addre9s by
The Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. The Peruna Medicine Co., of Columbus.
Ohio. Ohio.
I . '..ORIGINAL THREE-DAY CURE..
THE MEN WHO DRINK
TO DRUNKENNESS AS WELL AS THE MODER-
ATE-DRINKING INEBRIATES WILL PERMAN-
I ENTLY ABSTAIN FROM THE USE OF
ALCOHOLIC STIMULANT BY TAKING MY
TPPATM FNT
I do not use hypodermic injections,
or dangerous drugs. My treatment is
the only effective cure for the Liquor
Habit which is absolutely harmless.^
Dr. McKanna courts investigation
of the medical profession.
IT CURES TO
STAY' CURED. ,.
11-4/ OE/VRY ST., S- F*. I
PRIVATE ACCOMMODATIONS FOR LADY PATIENTSOn the excursion to WI111U next Sunday
those who participate will have an opportunity
to view one of the grandest sights In Califor
nia. Beyond Uklah the road runs through the
valley for about ten miles and then ' it com
mences to climb the mountain range, the dis
tance .to the summit being seven and. a half
miles. . As you go higher and higher the' coun
try keep* opening out until you have a view
of miles and miles - of valley, forests " and
mountains. Wllllts Valley lies Just on", the
other side and from ! the summit you descend
Into it. Wllllts U the > terminus of the road
and in the midst of the redwood country. Men.'
doclno County lies at the doors of San Fran
cisco and. this . trip will afford our people an
opportunity to get an excellent Idea of the tm
metisjty, beauty and grandeur of that county. •
Excursion to Willits.
BERLIN, Sept. 14.— The performances ol
Wagner's opera at the'Prlns Regent Theater,
Munch, concluded to-night with •"Gotterdam
meruntr."- . ,•
Former Senator Breaks His Arm.
CHICAGO, Sept. 14.— Former United
States Senator C. B. Farwell, who has
been seriously ill for several weeks, fell
from a chair to-night and sustained a
broken arm. The aged ex-Senator was
recently operated on and it is feared the
fresh shock will endanger his ultimate
recovery. IV;.'.,
ARRESTS AT CRIPPLE CREEK.
Military Authorities Take Notice of
Inflammatory Speeches.
CRIPPLE CREEK., Colo., Sept. 14.— Two
arrests by the military were made to
night. County Commissioner Patrick
Lynch was arrested at his home in Victor
and taken to headquarters, where after a
lecture by General Cha.se he was released.
Lynch Is accused of having made inflam
matory remarks about the action of the
military. The charge is denied by Lynch.
The other arrest was that of Justice of
the Peace Reilly of Independence. Rellly
Is also charged with language liable to
cause trouble, although his remarks were
directed against the Miners' Union.
Superintendent Hartman of the Colorado
Springs Cripple Creek district railroad to
day reported to the military authorities
that last night unknown parties removed
the spikes from the track of the com
pany's line between Cripple Creek and
Victor in an effort to wreck the early
morning train, which usually carries a
large number of miners to their work.
Long Day for Carshop Men.
READING, Pa., Sept. J4.-The Reading
Railway car shop employes were notified
that, beginning to-day, they will work
thirteen and one-quarter hours a day. In
stead of ten and one-quarter hours. This
increase is due to the rush of work in the
repair department.
Austrian soldiers will, under the new
Penal Code, be able to avail themselves
of counsel, and instead of the secret trial
in camera court-martials will be open to
Mrs. Hatcher at the time of her death
was corresponding secretary general of
the Daughters of the American Revolu
tion. She had been ill several years with
consumption. Her death occurred Friday
at the home of her- sister, Mrs. H. C.
Bannard, in ChicaEO.
Hatcher's bodv was taken to the
Morgue.' -The police notified Mrs. Ban
nard, who, it is supposed, wlll,take charge
of the remains. •.;"¦>.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 14,-GrJeving over the
death of his' wife, the news of which
reached him in telegrams three days after
her demise, Robert Strlckwell Hatcher,
aged 40 years, of Lafayette, Ind., shot and
killed himself in a room at the Planters'
Hotel about noon to-day. Hatcher was a
clerk in the office of Walter B. Stevens,
secretary of the Louisiana Purchase Com
pany. Five years ago he was reading
clerk In the House of Representatives in
Washington, his wife's former home.
SORROWING HUSBAND ; .
PUTS END TO HIS LIFE
Grief Over the Death of His Wife
Leads Clerk to Commit
Suicide.
HACKETTS NEW PLAY
MEETS WITH SUCCESS
First Production of "John Ermine of
the Yellowstone" Is Given
in Boston.
BOSTON. Sept 14.— To-night was his
toric In Boston's theatrical anryils, as it
chronicled the opening of the Globe Thea
ter, as well as recorded the first perform
ance of a new play called "John Ermine
of the Yellowstone." with James K..
Hackett as leading character. The new
theater is under the management of Web
er & Fields. The play, which had Its first
production to-night, is founded upon
Frederic Remington's frontier novel of
the same name, dramatized by Louise
Shlpman.
The audience to-night was a brilliant
one. Governor, John L. Bates occupied
one of the boxes with several members
of his staff, and in other boxes there were
other representatives of the State and
city government. The audience also in
cluded Miss Isabel Irving, Miss . Annie
Russell and Miss Mary Mannering (Mrs.
Hackett) and Augustus Thomas.
The play was warmly received and
Hackett was forced to respond to many
curtain calls.
Sentrv to Be Tried in Civil Courts.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 14.— Upon request
of the War Department the Attorney
General will direct the United States Dis
trict Attorney at Pittsburg to defend the
sentry of -the Ninth Infantry who shot
and killed William H. Crowley near, the
Allegheny arsenal grounds last Thursday.
As the shooting took place outside the
military reservation, it Is conceded by
War Department officials that the case is
one, for the, civil -courts. The sentry,
therefore, will be turned over to the civil
authorities for trial.
Miss F. E. Buttolph. who is making
a collection of menu«cards for the New
York Public Library, naa already gath
ered together 10,250.
At the ninety-ninth birthday celebra
tion of the Bible Society at the Guildhall
a few days ago the cake weighed ninety
nine pounds. The cake 13 an institution
among the juvenile collectors, and a
pound is added to Its weight every year.
The bond of Machen to-day was raised
from $20,000 to $30,000. The advance in the
amount is the result of the additional in
dictments reported against Machen last
week. ""..'•;
WASHINGTON. Sept. 14.— George Beav
ers, the former chief of the department
of salaries and allowances, Postofflce De
partment, has retained a local lawyer as
counsel. At the instance of the latter a
subpena was served on the Postmaster
General to-day directing the production
of the records in the salary and allow
ance division in connection with the sup
ply of the Dent-Brandt cashiers at the
hearing of Beavers, to be held in New
York September 15 under the . Brooklyn
Indictment. Beavers', counsel, in accord
ance with the legal requirements, ten»
dered the Postmaster General the pre
scribed fees and mileage expenses neces
sary ' for the trip, which try» Postmaster
General declined to accept, explaining
that It was Impracticable for him to go
'to New York at that time.
BEAVERS 'RETAINS COUNSEL.
Makes Preparations to Fight the
Brooklyn Indictment.
The indictment returned to-day charges
Parks with the extortion of $500 from the
Tiffany studios cf Fourth avenue. Parks
was arraigned before Judge Foster and
ball was fixed at 52000, which was imme
diately furnished.
On December 1. 1902, it is alleged, the
men working on the buildings for the Tif
fanys stopped work and Foreman
Schmitt, inquiring the cause, swears he
was told to "co and see Parks."
Schmitt says In his affidavit that he
went and saw Parks, and was told by the
latter that he was fined $500 "as an initia
tion fee, which the union demands."
Schmitt says the money was paid to
Parks at the latter's home on January 5
and the men returned to work.
NEW YORK, Sept. 14.— The Grand Jury
to-day returned another indictment
against Sam Parks, the walking delegate,
making the fifth indictmtnt found against
him. On one Indictment Parks has been
found guilty.
Grand Jury Heturns Fifth Indict
ment Against "Walking Delegate.
MORE TROUBLE FOR PARKS.
SALT LAKE, Sept. 14.— The Mormon
church went on record to-day as being
the enemy of labor unions an<i trades or
ganizations.
President Angus M. Cannon outlined the
church's policy in an impassioned speech
delivered at the quarterly session. Can
non scored the labor un'ons in. strong
terms and then launched into an aitack
on the principles of traies unionism. He
asked if it were liberty and freedom when
a man is compelled to join an association
in order to keep his family from starving
to death. He declared this was the case
In trades unionism. Cannon warned all
Mormons to beware of unions and to
avoid all such entangling alliances.
Special Dispatch to The Call
"At trie time of my divorce- from the
woman." said Lamenstrof, "I made spe
cial efforts to secure the custody of the
two children. She made a strong fight
for the possession of the children and
during the last three years wrote sev
eral times to me, threatening to take the
boys from me."
"We were coming home from school
when a woman stopped us and asked us
where we were going." Ed ward, said to
night. "I didn't know her and was scared,
when she spoke to us. She asked; where
we lived and said if we would come with
her she would buy us some candy and
some nice clothes to wear. Then I ran
away. I saw the woman walk away with
Charley."
Detectives were given a description of
the woman and were Instructed to watch
the railway stations and search trains
leaving for the West. The woman it is
said, is unacquainted with Chicago' hav
ing lived all her life In California, and it
Is believed that she will remain in hiding
In Chicago.
According to the story told by Lamen
strof to the police, he was divorced from
his former wife In San Francisco several
years ago. At the time or their separa
tion he was given the custody of his sons,
and after that his wife, he said,. made
several attempts to take them away from
him.
The father, Joseph Lamenstrof of 34
Marion court, was notified of the kidnap
ing by his remaining son. and the police
of the West North avenue station were at
once asked to begin a search for the
woman and child. It was learnea mat she
visited a store on Milwaukee avenue and
purchased clothing for the boy. but no
further trace of her was obtained.
With the boy when he was met by the
woman was his brother Edward, two
years his Junior. The latter, who had
not seen his mother since he was 3 years
old, ran when the woman stopped them,
but his brother was stopped and has not
been seen since by those searching for
him.
CHICAGO, Sept. 14.— Traveling half-way
across the continent to rob her former
husband of their children, awarded him
by the California divorce courts nearly
four years ago. Mrs. Joseph Lamenstrof
of San Francisco succeeded partly in
gaining her ends. Meeting her oldest
child, George, a boy 8 years of age, on the
highway going home from school she in
duced him to accompany her. Neither
the father nor the police had succeeded In
finding any trace of the pair up to a late
hour to-night. •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
When this matter became a subject for in
vestigation I began to think that Dosslbly I
had been Indiscreet in taking- such an active
interest In the device, but it never occurred to
me that my actions could be construed as being
criminal In any way. At the very most I
thought I might receive a censure, and did not
fe»-l that that would be really deserved.
Imagine my consternation then when con
fronted with the fact that an indictment hart
been returned against me .¦ charging me with
felony, i I have . no fear of the outcome of the
prosecution because I have not been criminal
in the slightest dejeree. But over and above
this I have been pilloried and dismissed- after
an honorable service extending over, sixteen
years, and my punishment now is far greater
than any fault I may have committed.
The whereabouts of . Richardson is the
topic of conjecture among the postal em-j.
ployes here. No one seems to know when
he will return, and It is only guess where
he Is now. Telegraphic advices asserted
that - K e ; left Washington more ! than two
weeks ago. Since then his friends in Cal
ifornia profess not to have heard from
him. He ; is, said to have , family connec
tions in the State \of Washington, and he
may have-gone there for a visit. It Is
probable -he will delay his return to San
Francisco as long as possible, as he'can
not certainly be anxious to face the storm
of disgusted disapproval that will un-
I have been perfectly frank In all my state
ments made in connection with this charge and
I have endeavored to conceal nothing. I have
admitted accompanying Richardson to Wash
ington In 1899 in the interests of the patent
device, 'the disposal of which caused the storm.
I received leave of absence from the depart
ment, and In my application for leave I frank
ly set forth my reason for asking: for It. In
Washington I Introduced Richardson to forty
or fifty postal officials and assisted him In
showing the device and urging its advantages.
I took a good deal of pride in It because of my
participation In its Invention. At that time it
never struck me as being in any way culpable
to advance the interests of something that I
felt, and still feel, .is a decided advantage to
thfc service.
Contrary to expectations, the indict
ment found by the Federal Grand Jury at
Washington against James W. Erwln of
the postal service in this city was not re
ceived by the United States authorities
during office hours yesterday. Conse
quently no steps were taken toward se
curing the custody of the accused man,
and nothing will be done until to-day,
when In all probability the papers will be
received.
In the meantime Erwin is awaiting pa
tiently as he may the arrival of the
proper papers so that he can be arrested
on the charge preferred against him and
be released on bail. Although it has been
announced by telegraph that Postmaster
General Payne has forwarded Erwln's
dismissal from the service no t>fflcial no
tice of such action has been received in
this city.' Erwin is Inclined to credit the
report of his dismissal, but until he is
officially notified he is continuing in ac
tive duty, a and reported at the office of the
inspectors yesterday and performed his
accustomed routine.
When he arrived at his desk he found a
large bundle of letters from influential
persons all over the State offering him
sympathy and whatever assistance he
might require in the matter of bail or
funds. In addition he was in receipt of
numerous telephone messages during the
day from wealthy friends expressing
their utmost confidence in his integrity
and soliciting some opportunity of show
ing their good will toward him in the
present difficulty.
.'As .tears, gathered in his eyes and his
voice broke, Erwin said yesterday:
Never before did I realize how many good
friends I have. This is a cruel thing. During
all my long service I have taken such a prid«
In my position and endeavored to fill it In
"very shade of the requirements, and then to
have all this effort swept away in a day! The
announcement or my indictment came with
such startling suddenness that I am only now
beginning to realize the full Intensity cf me
blow. ;.-:¦¦ s - .
Kidnaps Boy While He
Is Returning- Prom
Goes on Record Against
Trade and Labor Or
gclIljZcltlODS.
Accused Man Is Prepared to
.; furnish Necessary Bail
Without Delay.
It was found as a result of last year's
maneuvers that for the maneuvering of
large bodies of men in the working out of
tactical operations the present reserva
tion, Jarge as it is, Is inadequate. The
War Department has succeeded In ob
taining the wrltten.consent of several land
owners adjoining the reservation, whose
aggregate holdings amount to about 41,249
acres, to the military authorities entering
upon and occupying their holdings when
ever it may become necessary to do so in
the prosecution of the maneuvers thia
year at a nominal rental of 5 cents per
acre. By . this means, it is staled, the
,War Department has secured a section of
country which affords almost every kind
and variety of territory that could be de
sired in practicing field operations by
troops.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 14.-Plans for the
forthcoming army maneuvers at Fort
Riley, Kans., were announced at the War
Department to-day. The maneuvers are
to begin bn or about October 15 and con
tinue until the 27th. They will be partici
pated in by troops from Jefferson Bar
racks. Mo.; Forts Leavenworth and Rlley,
Kans.; Sill and Reno. Okla. T.; NIobrara
and Robinson, Neb.; Logan. Colo.; D. A.
Russell, Wyo.; Douglass, Utah; Snelling,
Minn.; Lincoln, Neb."; Keogh, Mont., and
Myer, Va.; one regiment of infantry from
the Arkansas National Guard; one regi
ment of infantry from the Iowa National
Guard; two regiments of infantry and
two batteries of field artillery from the
Kansas National Guard: one regiment of
infantry from the Missouri National
Guard; one regiment of infantry and one
company of Signal Corps from the Ne
braska Vational Guard and one battalion
of infantry from the Colorado National
Guard, making a total of more than 11,003
men.
Regulars and Regiments From tho
National Guard Will Practice
Field Operations.
PLANS FOR THE ARMY
MANEUVERS COMPLETED
From that time until last Sunday they
remained there. Mrs. Pond was always
at the side of her husband, doing every
thing In her power to assist him. Pond's*
condition did not improve, however, and
it was decided that the air of California
would be more beneficial and last Sun
day Mr: Pond and his wife started for
Redlands, Cal. When the California trip
was decided on it was thought best that
the wedding notice should be published.
It had long been kept secret In the hope
that Pond's health would be entirely re
covered and that no adverse criticism
would be advanced by their friends. Mrs.
Pond is a daughter of the Rev. JJ. B.
Klink of San Francisco.
NEW YORKV Sept. 14.— Friends of Rich
ard Griswold Sill Pond, brother of Charles
H. Pond, cashier for J. P. Morgan & Co.,
are greatly surprised to learn that he
was married secretly to Misa Mary Emily
Klink of San Francisco on February 1*
last. Pond and Miss Klink had been
greatly devoted to each other.
A reporter for The Call was Informed
to-night at the residence of J. S. Secor.
brother-in-law of the bride, who lives In
Pelham, N. Y., that nothing would have
prevented a speedy marriage but the fact
that Pond was suffering from consump
tion. Every effort was made to cure the
disease and many specialists were visited.
At last it was decided that Pond should
go to Liberty, N. Y. Feeling that she
could best serve the man she loved as hi3
wife. Miss Klins consented to have tha
marriage take place at once, so on Feb
ruary 14. in the presence of a very .few
friends, Pond and Miss KUng were quiet
ly married at Livingston Manor, N. Y.,
at the residence of the Rev. Dr. Hunt,
who performed the ceremony. Directly
after the marriage the bride and bride
groom started for the home of tBe lat
ter's mother in Liberty.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MOTHER STEALS
HER YOUNG SON
Indictment Is Not Re
ceived From Wash
ington. ,
Miss Klink of This City
Quietly Marries in
New York.
ERWIN REMAINS
AT HIS DUTIES
It Is understood that with their lawyers
the two defendants are to appear before
Commissioner Hitchcock, who issued the
warrants, to-morrow for formal arraign
ment on the charge against them.
The prisoners were taken before Com
missioner Ridgeway and formally ar
raigned. Bail was fixed at $5000 for each
of the indicted men. John Maffert of
Brooklyn qualified as surety for Mc-
Giehan and Mrs. Ellen McTerney of
Brooklyn performed a like office for
Huntington.
NEW YORK. Sept. 14.— Isaac McGiehan
and George H. Huntlngton of the Colum
bia Supply Company, who were Indicted
in Washington, D. C., In connection with
the postal scandals, surrendered them
selves to United States Marshal Henkei
In. this city to-day. Bench warrants were
issued for Huntington and McGiehan last
week at the time of the arraignment of
George W. Beavers on the Washington
indictment.
The warrants on which the two men
were held, charge them . with having, in
.the city of Washington, unlawfully con
spired" together and with August TV*. Ma
chen and others to defraud the United
States out of the sum of 50 cents express
on every package to be furnished to the
Postofflce Department under a contract
with the Columbia Supply Company, and
with having given to Machen $100 In pur
suance of this conspiracy.
McGiehan and Huntington Furnish
' Bonds Fending" Trial.
SURRENDER TO MARSHAL.
doubtedly tie extended him by his former
associates in the service.
SECRETLY WEDS
MAN SHE LOVES
45 years of age, came to this country
several months ago with the new Chinese
Minister as the military attache of the
legation at "Washington. He was left
here on special duty and was to go to
Washington In the near future. In China
he held a rank in the army equal to
that of colonel in this country and was
one of the Emperor's body guards.
MORMON CHURCH
ATTACKS UNIONS
The deceased left several letters to va
rious friends, and in one to the Consul
General states that he could not boar
the disgrace attendant upon his arre=t
and trial in the police court and felt
that he had lost prestige in the eyes of
his countrymen. The dead man, who was
consulate, but the officer bears an ex
cellent reputation for veracity.
ONE OF THE SECRETARIES ATTACHED TO THE CHINESE CON
SULATE IN THIS CITY WHO ENDED HIS LIFE BECAUSE HE
COULD NOT BEAH DISGRACE.
A number of theories In regard to the
murder have their supporters. It is
thought by the officers that robbery was
not the motive for the crime, notwith
standing that some $50 or $60 was taken
from Kuhnle. It is stated that Kuhnle
a number of years ago was Involved in
quarrels with some of his neighbors and
that some bad feeling was engendered,
but It Is thought that any difficulties of
that nature have been healed by time.
Some hold that the deed was committed
by a discharged workman. The officers
state that some local difficulty Is at the
bottom of Kuhnle's murder.
The funeral of the murdered man took
place here to-day and his body was
followed to the grave by 'a large
number of sorrowing- friends. Feeling is
running high in the neighborhood of his
home and It 13 thought that the, officers,
should they apprehend the murderer,
would have considerable difficulty in get
ting him to a safe place.
PASO ROBLES, Sept. 14.— The officers
who are searching for the man who as
sassinated Char Its P. Kuhnle on the read
about seven miles from this place a
couple of nights ago, appear to have
made considerable progress and it is not
Improbable that an arrest to-morrow will
be the result of their endeavors.
Sheriff Ivlns of San Luis. Obispo County
and Deputy Sheriff McFadden, who is as
sisting him on the case, will not give tfie
name of the person who is under suspi
cion, but that he Is in or near Paso Ro
bles is not doubted. During the entire
day. the Sheriff has been busy In the ac
cumulation of fragments of evidence, and
it is reliably reported that they furnish
adequate ground for the arrest of the
man suspected.
It was intended that the arrest should
be made about 2 o'clock to-morrow morn
ing about the time the southbound train
passes through, but the Sheriff afterward
deemed it advisable to defer; action until
a later hour. So completely had arrange
ments been made that the prisoner was
to be hurried away before the people of
Paso Robles could learn of the 'arrest,
taken to San Luis Obispo and thence to
Templeton, where he might be safe from
any possible demonstration on the part of
angry citizens, j There has been a deal of
talk about lynching throughout the en
tire region, and Sheriff Ivlns believes it
the part of wisdom to be careful.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Plans of the Sheriff Indicate a Fear
That an Enraged Community
'May Make a Serious
Demonstration.
Action at Faso Robles De
ferred Until Evidence
Is Stronger..
San Luis Obispo Officers
Soon to Make an
Arrest.
Secretary Ow Yans King stated that it
had not been decided whether an autopsy
would be allowed or an inquest held.
Coroner Leland will no doubt attempt to
exercise his prerogative relative to in
quests and autop.-:ies and interesting oe
velopments are likely to ensue. Ow Yang
King declared that the relatives of the
deceased thought that undue haste had
been exercised in removing the body to
the Morgue.
According to international law the con
sulate can be properly termed Chinese
toil, and In the event that the Coroner is
refused permission to hold the Inquest
there appears to be no aJterr.a.tive but to
refer the matter to the United States au
thorities for adjustment. It is understood
upon Rood authority that the matter of
the arrest of Tom Kim Yung has been
referred to the Chinese Minister at Wash
iiigrton. and redress will be asked from
the United States Government. Mem
bers of the diplomatic corps are not
amenable to arrest, and as the dead man
came under this head the arrest was ille
gal. The accusations made by Patrolman
Kramer are denied by members cf the
CONSULATE CHINESE SOIL.
Although in the form of a request it
was evident that the presence of a legal
representative and the Consul General Im
plied a. demand, which, .f refused, might
cause international complications. Coroner
Inland was communicated withand sanc
tioned the removal of the body. An un
dertaker was summoned and the Consul
remained until the body was in tho con
veyance and on the way to the con
sulate.
Military Attache of Chinese Legation at Washington
Commits Suicide at Consulate in This City After
Arrest by Policeman on Misdemeanor Charges
BROODIXO over the dlsjcra.ce and
humiliation of bavin* been sub
jected to arrest on fwo misde
meanor charges, Tom Kim Yung,
military attache of the Chinese
legation at Washington! colonel in the
Chines* army and one. of the Emperor's |
bodyguards, ended his life yesterday j
afternoon at the. Chinese consulate. S06
Stockton street. The removal of the body
to the Hor^ue by the Coroner may result
in an Inquiry on tho part of the Chinese :
Government and international cociplica
tioca, necessitating an apologr from the
State I>ecartment for the arrtst of a
member of the diplomatic c?rps are likely
to arise.
Early Friday morning Tom was taken
into custody by Patrolmen Jack Kramer
and Erodt In the vlciiiity cf the consulate
after a. struggle and taken to the Hall
of Justice In the patrol \rason, where he
¦was booked on charges of battery and
committing a lewd end indecent act. The
release of the prisoner was Inunedlately
procured by the deposit of the requisite
bail and the case upon belnt called In
the Police Court Friday morning- was con
tinued by consent until September 17.
About 10 o'clock yesterday morning Tom
repaired to the ofSce cf Ow Yang King.
English secretary of the consulate, and
discussed with him the case pending in
the Police Court.
At tha.t time nothing unusual was no
ticed In his demeanor and he stated that
he was going to retire to the privacy of
his room. He mounted the stairs leading
to the upper portion of the building and
that was the last seen of him until his
dead body was found stretched out on the
sofa of his room, with the 6topcocks of
two eras jets turned fully on and the
chamber filled with the deadly carbon
monoxide.
FOUND DYING IN BOOM.
It had been the custom of the deceased
to dine with relatives on Dupont street
every afternoon at 5 o'clock, and owing
to the fact that he did not put in an ap
pearance at the appointed hour. Acting
Consul General Chung Pao Shi instinc
tively felt that something was wrong and
ordered a servant. Lpe Yut. to go to the
apartment occupied by Tom Kim Yung
and call him. Repeated calls at the door
failed to elicit any response and the door
was found locked. Lee Yut reported these
facts to the Consul General, who went in
person to the room, accompanied by sev
eral of the secretaries. A luy was pro
cured and the door opened. Tom lay on
the lounge, fully dressed. A falr.t fiut
trr of the heart was discernible and Dr. J.
R. Gill was summoned, but upon his ar
rival a few minutes later death had en
sued.
The Cornner's office was notified and
Deputy Jake Fennell and Messenger
James Murphy responded. A request was
made that the body be left at the con
sulate, but owing: to the fact that he had
not received ordors from Coroner Leland
to that £ff>ct Deputy Fennell removed the
body to the Morgrue. In an incredibly
short time the news spread through
Chinatown and a throng of Chinese sur
rou::«Jed the Morcue buiHing. all clamor
l&S for admittance to view the remains of
their illustrious fellow countryman. Act
ing Consul General Chung Tao Shi. ac
companied by his secretary. Ow Yang
Kiny, a representative of the law firm
of Chickerinp & Gregory and a retinue
<>f attache? of the consulate, called at tho
«.'oron«T'6 ofiic-e and requested that they
b« allowed to return the body to the con
s'ulate.
ARREST AND DEATH OF TOM KIM YUNG
MAY BRING INTERNATIONAL TROUBLE
ARM OF LAW
MAY BE N EAR
AN ASSASSIN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 15. 1903.
3
' Recollections
Reflections
of the
Bonania i.»»njf«,
- - tv bo «nt a. .
Girdle of golA
Around the world.
Ily ¦ Thomas Fitch,
The Sllver-tongrned Orator,
¦ Besrlna In
\eit Sundaj'i Call.
Sold all over the -world.
Why is Pears' Soap — the
best in the world, the soap
with no free alkali in it-
sold for 15 cents a cake?
It was made for a hos-
pital soap in the first
place, made by request,
the doctors wanted a soap
that would wash as sharp
as any and do no harm
to the skin. That means
a soap all soap, with no
free alkali in it, nothing
but soap; there is nothing
mysterious in it. Cost de-
pends on quantity; quan-
tity comes of quality.
Makes friends of neighbor
and grocer, and friendly trada
—Schilling's Best.
Is there anything -better
than friendly trade ?
ADVEBTISEHENT3.
* The best •: way to make Boston Brown
Bread is shown; in our new cook book.
San Francisco Gas and Electric Co. •
¦ ? . -*•'.'¦. - - ~ ¦
lUVjrll vl/AOO l/KUVi\iiuid
A 1\I Ffc ATH CDC
r\ iN \J — xj IOC tv^»
The better class of druggists, everywhere, are men of scientific attainments and high integrity,
who devoto their lives to the welfare of their fellow men in supplying the best of remedies and
purest medicinal agents of known value, in accordance with physicians' prescriptions and
scientific formula. Druggists of the better class manufacture many excellent remedies, but
always under original or officinal names and they never sell false brands, or imitation medicines.
They are the men to deal with when in need of anything in their line, which usually includes
all standard remedies and corresponding adjuncts of a first-class pharmacy and the finest and
best of toilet articles and preparations and many useful accessories and remedial appliances.
The earning of a fair living, with the satisfaction which arises from a knowledge of the benefits
conferred upon their patrons and assistance to the medical profession, is usually their greatest
reward for long years of study and many hours of daily toil. They all know that Syrup of
Figs is an excellent laxative remedy and that it gives universal satisfaction, and therefore they
are selling many millions of bottles annually to the well informed purchasers of the choicest
remedies, and they always take pleasure in handing out the genuine article bearing the full
name of the Company — California Fig Syrup Co. — printed on the front of every package.
They know that in cases of colds and headaches attended by biliousness and constipation and
of weakness or torpidity of the liver and bowels, arising from irregular habits, indigestion, or
over-eating, that there is no other remedy so pleasant, prompt and beneficial in its effects as
Syrup of Figs, and they are glad to sell it because it gives universal satisfaction.
Owing to the excellence of Syrup of Figs, the universal satisfaction which it gives and tho
immense demand for it, imitations have been made, tried and condemned, but there are
individual druggists to be found, here and there, who do not maintain the dignity and principles
of the profession and whose greed gets the better of their judgment, and who do not hesitate
to recommend and try to sell the imitations in order to make a larger profit. Such preparations
sometimes have the name — "^ Syrup of Figs"— or "Fig Syrup" and of some piratical concern,
or fictitious fig" syrup company, printed on the package, but they never have the full name of
the Company — California Fig Syrup Co. — printed on the front of the package. The imitations
should be rejected because they are injurious to the system. In order to sell the imitations
.they find it necessary to resort to misrepresentation or deception, and whenever a dealer passes
off on a customer a preparation under the name of "Syrup of Figs" or "Fig Syrup," which
does not bear the full name of the California Fig Syrup Co. p'rinted on the front of the package,
he is attempting to deceive and mislead the patron who has been so unfortunate as to enter his
establishment, whether it be large or small, for if the dealer resorts to misrepresentation and
and deception in one case he will do so with other medicinal agents, and in the filling of
physicians' prescriptions, and should be avoided by every one who values health and happiness.
Knowing that the great majority of druggists are reliable, we supply the immense demand
for our excellent remedy entirely through the druggists, of whom it may be purchased every-
where, in original packages, only, at the regular price of fifty cents per bottle, but as exceptions
exist it is necessary to inform the public of the facts, in order that all may decline or return
any imitation which may be sold to them. If it does not bear the full name of the Company —
California Fig Syrup Co. — printed on the front of every package, do not hesitate to return the
article and to demand the return of your money, and in future go to one of the better class of
druggists who will sell you what you wish and the best of everything in his line at reasonable prices.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISTTMTiNTS.
\ BUY
BREWSTEffS
MILLIONS
=YOUR==
DEALER'S
tX O -DAYDELAVAN,-- Wis., ¦ Sept. 14.— Professor
George C. Hale said to-night: k "
"The statement Is attributed to me. that
a Carnegie observatory will be established
at the summit of Mount Whitney, in Cali
fornia. As a matter of fact, no s\ich de
cision has been reached. It was long ago
announced by the officials of the Carnegie
Institution that commissions should Jbe
appointed to* report on ; the advisability of
pursuing certain ¦ Investigations in astron-'
cmy and other departments . of scelence.:
The commission ; on , astronomy -examined
many mountain .-- 'sites, ;> Including Mount
Whitney, but as yet no report of any kind
has ;been^ presented to; thei trustees. After,
accepting the reports in all departments of
science it will remain : for ' the : trustees to"
decide, what ; new /.work, if any,, is" to be
undertaken by the Carnegie Institution.".
About the California ; Moun
tain Is Untrue.
WHITNEY NOT SELECTED
-y FOR THE OBSERVATORY
Professor Hale Declares That Story
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 14.— Following close
ly upon the discovery of a counterfeiting plant
inside the walls of the Easton Penitentiary It
was learned to-day that a shortage of 300,000
stockings has been discovered in the stocking
department. They disappeared since the first
of the year.
The latest metal discovered, polonium,
gives off a steady light and intercepts
currents of electricity. It is said that a
collar button of polonium would be a
protection against lightning and also
serve as a headlight at night.
Coney left his family behind him. Fre
quent inquiries at his home on Post street
failed to reveal his whereabouts, his wife
professing her belief in his statement
made before he left town that he was go
ing direct to the southern republic. It
was claimed by a few of his friends for a
time that his recall to Mexico would be
followed by an appointment to some high
er diplomatic office, possibly the Consul
Generalship In New York. This claim
was based mainly on the fact that Coney
many years before had saved the life of
President Diaz and that the latter had re
warded him with the local appointment
and had promised him further advance
In tho consular service. When, " however,
it was learned that Coney had not gone
to Mexico and the stories of alleged mis
use of consulate funds were circulated the
colonists began to realize that the long
existing friendship between the President
and his San Francisco representative had
been broken. Since then Coney has been
regarded in the light of a fugitive. Fre
quent stories have come from Mexico that
the missing man was wanted by his Gov
ernment, but in response to Inquiries
made at the consulate, the only official
source of information here, Consul Gen
eral Zayas Enriquez has repeatedly stated
that he-had not -been advised of any In
tended move on the part of his Govern
ment toward apprehending Coney, but al
ways adding that if^stich a^move was to
be made he would not necessarily be ad
vised of the fact/ Yesterday the Consul
General made the same statement.
SILENCE AT CONSULATE.
It is now said that the cigarette trade
of India— an enormous and a growing one,
for every native smokes— has been cap
tured by America. It is the old story
over again — surplus stock sold at ruinous
prices. Ten American cigarettes done up
in a box can be bought to-day in any In
dian bazaar for half a penny. ',/..
Coney had never - obeyed the Instructions
of President Diaz to report to the latter,
but had quietly left the city by some
route unknown to his friends and eventu
ally reached New York, where he was
afterward seen by several persons of this
city -who happened to be In the Bast. By
this time stories' to the effect that Coney
had failed to account for more than $15,000
handled by him during the last few years
of his official career in this city were
freely discussed in the Mexican quarter.
The greater portion of this sum, It was
said, represented money collected from
shippers and held here subject to orders
from the home Government, which fre
quently draws upon its foreign Consuls
for sums needed to meet obligations else
where. Another charge made against the
missing man, and one that has since been
substantiated, was thaN Coney had bor
rowed large sums from various firms. on
the pretext that the money was~needed
temporarily to meet local Government ob
ligations. These sums he failed to re
turn, and in one or two cases the persons
or firms which advanced the money called
cm him and threatened to expose him to
his Government if he did not immediately
make good the amounts.
LONDON, Sept. 14.— Mrs. Alice Gordon
Guiclk, president of the International In
stitute for Girls in Spain, died in London
to-night. She was well known In educa
tional and church circles in many cities of
the United States. *
Death of a "Well-Known Educator.
Some people act like a tonic or an in
vigorating and refreshing breeze. They
make us feel like new beings. Under the
inspiration of their presence we can say
and do thing3 which it would be impossi
ble for us to say and do under different
conditions. ££>ne stimulates my thought,
quickens my faculties, sharpens my intel
lect, opens the floodgates of language and
sentiment and awalcens the poetic within
me, while another dampens my enthu
siasm, closes the door of expansion and
chills me to the very center of my being.
There emanates from him an atmosphere
which paralyzes thought, dwarfs expres
sion. — Success. . . -
Some People Are Like a Tonic.
VIENNA, Sept. 14.— DJevld Abdullah
Bey, the physician to the Turkish embas
sy here, to-day attacked and thrashed
the Turkish Embassador, Nedlm Bey,
whom he accused of sending unfavorable
reports concerning h"lm to the Porte,
thereby preventing DJevid from securing
a better position. The assault took place
in the Turkish embassy in the presence
of the secretaries and a visitor. The af
fair has created a sensation. DJevid has
been' dismissed.
Thrashes Him in Presence of Secre
taries for Sending Unfavorable
Reports to the Porte.
PHYSICIAN ASSATJLTS
TURKISH EMB ASS AD0R
The best pleased crowd was that which went
to Cazadero Sunday on the reserved seat ex
cursion. Many were the expressions of .delight
over the beautiful and varied scenery arid the
railroad arrangements, which provided every
body with a specified scat.
The train via Sausalito Ferry with 200 cx
curiionists departed at 8:00 a. m., and return,
ed promptly on time after allowing 3 to 5
hours in the Redwoods and Russian River
district. The success of the excursion will In
sure their continuance for 2 or 3 coming Sun
days. The cheapness of the outing SI 50
round trip, and the many attractions' of the
trip make these excursions the moat popular
of the season. •
The Cazadero Excursion.
A sensation was caused \ In the : court
room, whan' District Attorney - Byington
showed the witness a glass frame inclos
ing a piece of paper/on; which was 1 . writ
ten, "Arsenic, one ounce, McLaughlln.
M. D." .The witness positively "declared
the writing to; be a. forgery and that he
had not authc-rlzed any other person to
sign his name to the paper.*?MBrafj
This document will form ; a strong link
in the chain of evidence against Mrs.
Bowers and Mrs. Sutton. The detectives
found the* forged ; prescription at the drug
store of J. Askenasy at Fifth ¦; and Fol
som streets, and; Drug Clerk J.-C,Peter
son has • identified ',- Mrs. Sutton as the
person who present* I it and secured -on
Dr. McLaughlln then Identified the 'Va
rious prescriptions -he had written for
Bowers and they were filed as exhibits.
PRESCRIPTION WAS FORGED.
Eight days after Bowers left the Waldeck
he was in the same condition as when he was
in the sanatorium. On August 14 I found him
considerably worse. He tvas . vomiting ' and in
great pain. He was doing fairly well when he
left the Waldeck and there was nothing in the
medicines prescribed to cause the change that
took place. v^SS"
I had consented to Bowers . being removed
from the Waldeck to his home on condition
that he was given the t>ame treatment as - In
the sanatorium, but it was evident -that he had
not ' been given the treatment I expected. I
asked Mrs. Bowers if she had given , him the
medicine and food I had ' prescribed and she
•aid ehe had. but that her husband was vomit
ing and could not take the medicines and food.
I thought it strange, ¦ as Bowers : had taken
the same treatment at the sanatorium.
The symptoms of the rase indicated an acute
case of gaetral intestinal trouble, caused by
ptomaine poisoning. All the symptoms of pto
maine poiBonlnK were present. These symp
toms are similar to arsenical poisoning and it
18 Impossible to differentiate the two without a
complete history of the case.
I prescribed for him, among other thing*.
twelve GroBS pills, each containing one-twen
tlelh of a grain of arsenic. He was to be
given three of these pills each day and when
he left the Waldeck Mrs.' Bowers' took with
her enough pilla to last for two days. . After
I visited Bowers at his home Mrs. Bowers
asked me if she could have the prescription
for the pills made up at a near by drug store
and I consented. > ,
Dr. Alfred McLaughlln testified that he
attended Bowers from July 6 until Au
gust 6 at the Waldeck Sanatorium and
for eight days after Bowers was removed
from the sanatorium until he died. He
said:
Dr. John Gillen testified that he was
called to attend Bowers on June 11 and
found that the patient had suffered from
vomiting and -was in a weak condition.
The witnesa testified that he diagnosed
the case as one of acute Indigestion and
prescribed the usual remedies. The wit
ness then stated that his patient Im
proved under treatment and then became
worse in the four days he attended Bow
ers.
MANY DOCTORS TESTIFY.
The evidence given by Dr. Carl von
Tiedemann was that . he had attended
Martin L. Bowers on June 5 and 9, Of
this year, being called in at the request
of Mra. Bowers. The witness detailed
the symptoms of the patient and said
that he had diagnosed them as ptomaine
poisoning caused by eating tainted food?
He based his diagnosis on the symptoms
presented, and also 'on the history of the
case as furnished by Bowers and his wife.
District Attorney Byington conducted
the examination for the people and At
torneys Drury and Mclsaacs represented
Mrs. Bowers. Ex-Police Judge Charles
Low appeared for Mrs. Sutton. Attorne"y
Vaughan of Portland, Ore., was present
at the recuest of the mother of the ac
cused women.-
. husband of Mrs. Bowers, were
given an . examination yesterday after
noon before Police Judge Cabaniss, tne
courtroom being crowded by persons anx
ious to listen to the testimony.
The women charted -with the murder
were present and listened- to the dam
aging evidence of the physicians that
were the witnesses of . the day. Neither
woman showed the slightest trace of emo
tion until the expert testimony of two
physicians proved that Bowers' death had
been caused by the administration of ar
senic, when Mrs. Bowers broke down and
shed tears.
MRS. MARTHA E. BOWERS and
her sister, Mrs. Zylpha C. Sut
ton, .charged with the murder
of Martin L. Bowers, ' the late
The various physicians who were called
as witnesses , testified that they . had not
prescribed any arsenic for Bowers, with
the exception of Dr. McLaughlln, whose
evidence is detailed above.
The further hearing of testimony, will
be continued this afternoon at 2 o'clock
before Police Judge Cabaniss.
Attorney Alf Whelan made application
before Judge Dunne yesterday afternoon
for a writ of habeas. corpus for the re
lease of Patrick- Lervey, alias. O'Leary.
The writ -was . made returnable at .11
o'clock this morning.' Lervey is an Im
portant witness in the case and has 'been
detained in the City Prison since Mrs.
Bowers and Mrs. Button' were arrested.
SEEK LERVEY'S RELEASE.
, This evidence was followed by that of
Dr. Morgan, who gave his expert testi
mony that the finding -of four eralns of
arsenic in the stomach of Bowers, cpu
pl*d with the fact that he was given con
siderable . drinking water on the day of
his death, tended to* prove that much of
the arsenic administered had either been
carried Into the bowels or into the circu
lation of the body. Dr. Morgan further
testified that he had made tests of. the
bedsbeets used by Bowers and had found
arsenic in thn stnfns of vomit -and ex
creta on the linen. .
The evidence of Dr. C. L. Morgan and
of Professor .Frank E. Green proved con
clusively that Martin L. Bowers was
murdered by the administration of arse
nic in large quantities. The two scien
tists testified to having made an exami
nation of the stomach of Bowers 'at the
request of the Coroner and of finding
more than four grains of white arsenic
In the same. Both of the witnesses tes
tified that the quantity of arsenic found
In the stomach of Bowers was sufficient
to have caused death, two and' a half
grains being estimated to be a fatal dose.
The prosecution brought out the fact
that Bowers must have had administered
to him considerable of the deadly poison.
The evidence of Dr. Louis I. Breistein and
of Nurse Car! Schmidt of the German
Hospital was that on the morning of Au
gust, 25 last Bowers was taken from his
home to the . German Hospital and died
at the. institution at half past' 4 'of '.that
day. These witnesses testified that Bow
ers was given from four to six ounces of
drinking water every half hour for five
hours on the day of his death.
GIVE DAMAGING EVIDENCE.
Dr. John Laean testified to attending
Bowers on August 15 last, but he with
drew from the case when he found an
other physician in attendance.
ounce of white arsenic. Handwrltinjr ex
perts will be. called to prove that the
forged prescription is In the handwriting
of Mrs. Bowers, and the police have a
note book/ found in Mrs. Bowers' house,
from which the piece of paper was evi
dently torn. * ...
Dr. McLauEhlin also.- identified a num
ber of pills found at the Bowers house.
370 Clementina street, . which he declared
were similar to those he. had prescribed
for Bowers. These pills include sixteen
of the Gross pills, and the prosecution
will show that Bowers was only given
eight-twentieths of a grain of arsenic
while at the Waldeck.
SPOKANE, Wash., Sept. 14.— It is an
nounced to-day that another huge union
of Coeur d'Alene mines la being effected
to offset the "- combination recently ar
ranged by the Rockefeller-Gould-Sweeney
Interests. .It is asserted that the Ameri
can Smelting and Refining Company is
forming an alliance with the Bunker Hill
and Sullivan, the Morning and the Her
cules, three of the largest lead producers
in Idaho. Details of the proposed com
bination are not yet known.
Big Union Is Formed to Offset the
Rockefeller-Gould-S-weeney
• Syndicate.
COEUR D'ALENE MINES
ABE BEING- COMBINED
The president of the company an
nounced that the company had a patent
for a new boiler, made entirely of steel,
which was more economical in .working
and cheaper than anything of the kind
now on the market.
LONDON, Sept. 14.-Slr Hiram Maxim
announced at to-day's meeting of . the
Maxim electrical and Engineering Com
pany of London that he -will shortly an
nounce an important new invention which
will bring forth more money than any
thing he has ever done, not excepting his
automatic gun. He added he was putting
thousands of pounds into the invention,
the character of which he will not divulge
until all the patents are secured.
Sir Hiram Maxim Says It Will Bring
More Money Than His Auto
matic Gun.
WILL SHORTLY ANNOUNCE
AN IMPORTANT INVENTION
THREE EXPERTS WHO WENT ON THE STAND IN JUDGE CABANISS*
COURT YESTERDAY AND TESTIFIED TO FINDING ARSENIC IN
THE STOMACH OP THE LATE M. L. BOWERS.
Meanwhile it had been developed that
AVOIDS MEXICAN CAPITAL.
Then came a brief dispatch from Wash
ington that he had been recalled to the
City of Mexico, and Inquiry at his home
on Post street brought the response from
a member of his family that he had al
ready started on his southern journey. As
weeks passed and no formal notice was
issued from the consulate, as is the usual
diplomatic custom, announcing the fact
that another was occupying Coney's of
ficial place, ugly stories began to be cir
culated, and they continued the rounds of
the business firms and the places fre
quented by local Mexicans until a month
later, when a telegram was received from
the City of Mexico that President Diaz
had appointed R. de Zayas 'Enriquez,
member of the Mexican Congress, to suc
ceed Coney.
All attempts to learn the cause of
Coney's recall from official sources failed,
for the man who was temporarily in
charge of the consulate declined to be in
terviewed, and when the new Consul Gen
eral arrived here he professed entire ig
norance of the causes, although admitting
to several of his new made friends that
¦when he left the Mexican capital there
was considerable talk there about Coney
and strong intimations that he had been
guilty of flagrant violations of the trust
reposed in him by the President.
The announcement from Washington
that the Mexican Government is seeking
former Consul General Coney in no way
surprises the members of the local Mex
ican colony. Coney's sudden departure
from the city about five months ago was
attended with as much mystery aa was
his unexpected recall to the City of Mex
ico, to which, however, he never went.
For months preceding his retirement from
the local consulate, which he had occu
pied for fifteen years, there had been
scandalous stories afloat concerning his
alleged misuse of the authority reposed
in him as the representative of the Mex
ican Government, and it was no secret
among- the more prominent Mexicans that
several petitions had been sent to Presi
dent Diaz to replace Coney.
One afternoon there registered at the
Palace Hotel a man who represented him
eelf as an official of the Mexican customs
department, claiming that he was on hid
way borne from special duty In the East.
Two days later Consul General Coney
called at the Palace Hotel and was clos
eted with this mysterious individual for
several hours. Three days after this
meeting Coney suddenly left the city.
HIS RECALL FOLLOWS.
Coney's Departure Attended by Alle
gations of Official Misconduct.
UGLY RUMORS CIRCULATED.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 14.— In the case of
the United States vs. the American Loan
and Trust Company, trustee, and the
the Union ' Pacific Railway and others,
General Cowan, the special counsel who
prosecuted the case on behalf of the Gov
ernment, has delivered to the Secretary,
of the Treasury drafts for $566,303,' being
the amount awarded in favor of the Gov
ernment in the Circuit Court of the Unit
ed States for the district of Massachu
setts. The case grew out of a claim of
the Government' against the Kansas Pa
cific road, which' was not satisfied at the
time of the consolidation of the two Pa
cific roads.
Drafts Covering the Award in
the Pacific Bonds Case.
Secretary of the Treasury Receives
G0VEBNMENT IS PAID
AMOUNT OF JUDGMENT
CHICAGO. Sept. 14.— An age of a rac«
of giants Is about to be ushered In again.
Henceforth there will be no pigmies, for
a wonderful food substance has been dis
covered that .makes men and animals
grow— grow fast and large.
Myths that have come down from an
cient days tell of races of giants which
inhabited the earth or dwelt on the isl
ands of the sea. History as constructed
from old records and folklore is filled wuh
stories of Hectors and Herculeses and Go
llaths and Samsons and Cyclopses. Sci
ence has proved that the animals of the
earth were once far larger than at pres
ent, and in museums muy be seen skele
tons of mammoths and mastodons that
lived on prehistoric earth and of awful
leviathans which dwelt in the seas there
of. •
The giant men and monstrous animals
may all return again as a result of the
newly discovered food substance which
stimulates growth so rapidly. The new
food is lecithin. Its wonderful Qualities
have Just been demonstrated by a series
of experiments conducted by Dr. Shin
klshi Hatal, professor of neurology at the
University of Chicago. Dr. Hatai experi
mented with white rats and by feeding
them lecithin made them grow 60 per cent
faster than rats grow ordinarily. Scien
tists say that lecithin will have similar
effect on human beings.
Lecithin i», according to the definition
given- by Dr. Waldemar Kock, an "or
ganic phosphorus— containing the body
found in eggs, brain matter and the white
corpuscles of blood."
The professor's experiments show that
the growth induced by lecithin is normal
and healthy. It stimulates all parts and
organs of the body exactly alike, thus
acting unlike other stimulants which af
fect different organs of the body in differ
ent ways.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, . N.
\\\, WASHINGTON. Sept. 14.— The Mex
ican Minister has beea advised by the
State Department of his Government that
the officiate of that country are anxious
to locate the former Consul General to
the port of San Francisco, A. K. Coney,
and the various consulates throughout
the United States have been instructed to
make inquiries concerning the missing
man. Although the representative of the
Mexican republic here would not discuss
the matter this afternoon, the statement
was Indiscreetly made by one of the at
taches of the legation that Coney is
charged with the wrongful use of money
belonging to his Government during his
term of office in San Francisco, and that
the, moment he is located a move will be
made for his apprehension. It was inti
mated that Coney was last seen In New
York City and that detectives employed
by the Minister have reported that they
expe-ct to have him within a week. The
fact that Coney has been In New York,
living quietly at a small hotel, was de
veloped by detectives in San Francisco,
who watched his house and finally got
trace of him through his mail.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Local Colony Still Gossips Over Scan
dalous Reports Circulated After
Chang* in Local Con
sulate Occurred.
Learned Men of Chicago University
Say Effect Would Be the Same
in the Case of a Hu
man Being. j
Intimation That Arrest May
Follow Discovery of His
Whereabouts.
Tries It on Rats and They
Outstrip Their Fellow
Rodents.
the ISth."
Sir Thomas added that his Illness did
not amount to much. It was merely a
case of indigestion and he was much bet
ter, he -eaid.
"I do not remember having received any
Invitation, wrlten or verbal," said he.
"You say it was the Seawanhaka Club?
Why. I am a member of that club- And
you say Secretary Stewart Is alleged to
have Invited me? "Why, I don't remember
anything about It. I could not have at
tended the dinner any way, for the reason
that I ain going to Chicago, where I have
many friends, and where I intend to re
main until Monday, consequently I could
not possibly attend that dinner on
BUFFALO, N. Y., Sept. 14.— Sir Thomas
Upton passed through Buffalo to-day en
route to Chicago and was sufficiently re
covered to see newspaper men. He was
questioned regarding the invitation he
was alleged to have received from the
Seawanhaka Corinthian Yacht Club.
OYSTER BAT, Sept. 14. — President
Roosevelt to-day approved of the Issu
ance of a formal statement of the facts
concerning the Seawanhaka Corinthian
Yacht Club dinner incident,- which haa
created so much unpleasant comment.
Colgate Hoyt, chairman of the board of
trustees of the yacht club, visited Oyater
Bay this afternoon and had a conference
with the President for half an hour.
President Roosevelt expressed regret that
any published statement of the dinner in
cident should have placed him in 'a false
attitude, and, with a view to relieving Sir
Thomas Llpton of embarrassment because
of the statements that he had treated him
with discourtesy, he authorized Hoyt to
make a plain statement of the episode.
This evening Hoyt prepared and Issued
the following:
There has been t>r> much misunderstanding
over the proposed annual dinner of the Sea
wanhaka Yacht Club that I feel it my duty at
chairman of the board of trustees to state the
facts, vl*. : That the President was invited
by me to be the g-ueet of the club at its an
nual banquet and he accepted with the distinct
understanding that it was not to be a large
formal function, but eimply the annual ban
quet of the club, for 1U member* and guests.
Sir Thomas Lipton's name was not mentioned,
nor that of any other gentleman, in mf In
terview, and to assure the public that noth
ing was further from the President's thoughts
than to bar Sir Thomas Upton or any one else
from the dinner, I take plewure in giving
to the press the following .letter, which I ' have
Just received from Secretary Loeb:
•'My Dear Mr. Hoyt: The President directs
me to cay that it will be a particular pleasure
to him if Sir Thomas Upton can come to the
Beawanhaka dinner. As you will recall, all
that the President eaid when the invitation
wag extended to him was that he did not feel
like accepting any more jnvitations to formal
functions; that if it waa simply to be a neigh
borly dinner among- his own friends in the
Seawanhaka Club he would gladly come. The
President has a particularly high regard to
Sir Thomas Llpton, and a high appreciation
of the manly and sportsmaifllkt spirit he has
Fhown throughout the yacht contests. The
President earnestly desires that Sir Thomas be
present at the dinner. Yours very truly
"WILLIAM LOIWJB. 1 ,
"Secretary to the President."
Charles A. Holt, who lives next door,
was awakened by the women's cries and
went to their assistance with a six-shoot
er. Warnings of Holt to Thrift to leave
the premises were not heeded, and then
Holt shot in the air to frighten the fel
low. This had no effect on the «would
be burglar, and Holt shot him In the
right hip. The bullet passed through the
fleshy part of. the hip, making a painful
wound. Thrift set up a howl of pain and
he was cared for until Deputy Sheriff
Drelschmeyer arrived. The shooting' and
the howling of Thrift awoke the neigh
bors and great excitement prevailed In the
vicinity for some time. '
Asa Munsey, a partner of Thrift, was
arrested at the Rainier Hotel early this
morning. The two men came here from
Seattle a couple of weeks "ago and have
been .picking? prunes at the Blackwell
ranch, near this city. According to Mun
sey, the two men were drinkinc yester
day and Thrift had mistaken the "Wood
house for the one where he lived. This
Is not believed, however, as both men
were sober when arrested. The officers
believe that burglary", was Intended.
Thrift will probably be prosecuted for at
tempted burglary.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 13.-J. W. Thrift >ho
sa/s he halls from Seattle^ was shot In
the hip early this morning while trying
to enter the residence. of Mrs. E. T. "Wood
at 72 Stockton avenue. Mrs. Wood and
two other women were alone In the house.
About 3 o'clock this morning Thrift came
to the house and attempted to break In
the front door. He was warned away
by the women, but refused to go.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Three Women Scream and
a Neighbor Turns Loose
a Pistol.
Mexican President Eag
er to Find a Missing
Former ConsuL
Desires the Presence of Sir
Thomas, but Latter Will
Be in Chicago.
Scientist Discovers a
Food That Promotes
Growth.
Mr. Thrift of Seattle
Encounters Lead in
San Jose.
President Makes Plain
Statement of the
Incident.
DIAZ WANTS
TO LOCATE
A. K. CONEY
MAY USHER
IN AN AGE
OF GIANTS
DINNER EPISODE
IS NOW CLOSED
BULLET STOPS
THE INTRUDER
¦ - - . . ¦ * .;-.,:/.'
Mrs. Bowers and Mrs. Suttpn Listen to Testimony
of Physicians Which Proves That Arsenic Was
Administered to Husband of the First Named
WOMEN ACCUSED OF MURDER
APPEAR IN THE POLICE COURT
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DE. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
[^ How long will it take the man to fill
the sack if he does cot stop the leak?
To attempt to nourish the body when the
stomach is dis-
eased it like try- / -TJ
ing to fill the /^e^^r
sack with the f^<^nl
bole in it. When
the stomach and Vfv* *-?*»*»«».
other di^estiTe J*£fwffis\
end nutritive or- /^a3&jB#Mjf
gan» are dis- / yMt^^^^TN. v
eased, there is a] V7> " \
constant loss of | """ j*?cr"^frfflLVu V 5 * i
Enough is c*ten^^^^^|/ J/
bat the body^JJl^ IT^JlX
proof that the \ /fijlf
food eaten, ii \ /fir
largely wasted I / Wa
because it is not ii / |ij
digested and as- I |flR
similated. J K39I
Dr. Piercc's I EJS
Golden Medical 1 IbB
Discovery cures I iCW
diseases] of the L*ii1u \\t[
stomach and EjC|> M y
other organs of IfsxffiS^
digestion and IS §7 I .jM
nutrition. It |pTS| «
stops the leaks J '¦>* U gas
by which nutri- f^^^JSWj
tion is lost, and Jjp
enables th.e "^ t --~~
building tip of the body by the nutri-
tion derived from food. The gain in
weight proves the cure.
- •Three years ago I was taken sick with what
(he doctor called nemmsaeas and indigestion,"
.writes Mrs. Wsrrea B. Ftrker, of Orange Street.
, Vantadcet Mas*. «He gave -me medicine for
Cfcc trouble, but I could not eat even a little toast
•or ostrs— 1 without suffering «e merely. In a few
'months I benn to have distressing pains right
is tfet ptt of my storaech. I caned the doctor
again and be said I bad catarrh of stomach;
rsve SM BHQJdne but it did not do sny good.
I lost st poesds in three months. J then com-
iiticmri Ufclng Dr. Pierce' s mediants and soon
%«*ma to feel better. I have taken six bottles ot
•Golden Medical Discovery. 1 two of 'Favorite
PrcscripUoa* and six vials of Dr. Fierce 1 * Pel-
leu. I a»v« gained tea pounds. Can eat every
thing.' ' .
Dr. Pierce'i Pleasant Pellets cure con*
etipatkm. •
ADVEB.TISEjfflE2JTS-
O00©««00»00©000®®0«©«»0000000©0000000000000000
[FREE TO MEN! j
I A Book Full of Facts About |
: Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt for Weak Men f
J I KNOW THAT NO MAN REMAINS A "WEAKLING BECAUSE HE WANTS Q
9 TO: ; I am sure that you want to overcome every Indication of early decay that has q
# shown Itself on you. I don't think the man lives who would not like to feel as big a
A and strong as a Sandow, and I know that if you have a reasonable foundation to Jf
Z build upon I can make you a bigger man than you ever hoped to be. I want you j
¦if" to know that, you who can't believe It, and I want you to have my book, in which 5
5-1 describe how I learned that many strength was only electricity and how I learned O
9- to restore It;, also. I want to tell you the names of some men who will tell you O
9 that when they came to me they were physical wrecks and are now among the finest q
£ specimens of physical manhood. . ."¦¦"'," "V ,-.:.', -~; Z
• mSSSBfik A happy m/iiv. o
% .-,..'• . '. - CUCAMONGA. Cal. . A
A DR., M. : C. MCLAUGHLIN — Dear Sir: I have now been wearing your Belt 2*
2 about a month, and I wish' to report that the Belt has benefited me la every: way. so J
J: that to-day 1 feel like a new man. My back does not trouble any more, my nerves 9
9 ¦ ar e stronger and my sleep Is better than It has been before In years. 1 want to O
© ' ¦' thank you for the benefits I have derived from your method of treatment, and with O
# kindest regards I remain, yours very truly, ED HATSING- - q
G ' I want you to read this book and learn the truth about my arguments. If you are o
: A not as vigorous as you would like to be, if you have rheumatic pains, w*ak kidneys, 3J
Z .'toss of vitality, prostatlc trouBles, nervous spells, varlcocele or any ailment of that jf
Jf 'kind that unmans you. It would assure you future happiness If you would look Into 9
5 this method of. mine.': Don't delay "It, your best days are slipping by. If you want ©
© this book I send it closely sealed, free if you send this ad. Call for free consultation. Q
• Dp. M. C. McLaughliri^^V' •
© Office Hours— 8 a. in. to 8 o. m. : Sundays, 10 to 1. ©
•^•••©••©•••••©•••••••©••••©©©©©©••••••••••#s
j| l&ArUiLrid
££§£&**&?£& f 1 ¦ *¦ la!*
SICK liAOAOHl
Positively cored fay these
little Pills. "
They also reHere Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion aad Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowst-
oess, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tangna
Pain in the Side, TORPID IJV^R. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. " Small Dose.
Small Price.
30HEMIAK
Pure, Pale *n4 Sparkling. Bottled
Only at the Brewery in St. Louii.
SOLD EVERYWHERE. [
HILBEUT MERCANTILE CXX, I
\ Pacific Coast Agents.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great, 1
dHUSEUB OFAHATOMYi
X Xj^ The Largest Anatomical MuMum in the
A .jL Wond. Wukuua or any contracted , I
© IK al Specialist on the Coast. Ls:. 36 jearv O
6 fiSC? It 0H * OF MEN A
\ vfV)k¥>)ft Consultation frfe ind strirtly pririte. T
a a iSe* fl Traa;:aent personally or by letter. A a
r fl ffr Cl H Pantiw* Otrm in every c*s« undertaken. T
Am It WJm Write for Bonk. PBILOSOPMT •€ A
f • fl HV BABBIAGK, MAILEa FKEa. { A T
\ Ji JI nlaable book far mra > \
9 D8. JOBD1X A CO., 1051 Market St. a P. 9
1792 1903
ST/VTEA\E1NT
07 TUE
CONDITION AND AT7ATB3
OB* THE
Insurance Company
OF NORTH AMERICA
(FOUNDED A. D. 1T02)
OF PHIl^ADELPHIA, IN THE STATE OP
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. t>. 1D02. aad for the year ending on
that day, aa made to the Inaurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of Sectiona 610 and 611 of tha
Political Code, condensed ad per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
Capital $3,000.000 00
Amount of Capital Stock Dal J op
In Cash S. 000, 000 CO
ASSETS. •
Real Estate owned by Company.. $723,300 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 1.1^0,00? 29
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. 0,731,730 00
Amount of Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds, Stocks and
other marketable securities aa
collateral 821.400 00
Cash In Company's Office 10,307 tt>
Cash In Banks 1.147.103 25
Interest due and accrued on
Bonds and Mortgages . 7.627 30
Premiums In dus Coursa of Col-
lection •••• 988. 5« «
Bills recetYable, not Matured.
taken for Fire and Marino
Risks ••• 88,059 10
Book accounts duo company 4,263 S6
Du« from other ComDanles for se-
insurance on losses already paid 680 57
Total Assets |10.«64.133 00
LIABILITIES.
Losses ad^sted and unpaid 1113.660 27
Losses In process of Adjustment
or in- Suspense . - A69.612 70
Losses resisted. Including; ex-
penses • 49.713 03
Gross Dremlums on Fire Risks •
runnln* one year or less. $3.-
277.977 33; reinsurance 50 per
cent 1.63S.CS3 «3
Gross cremtums on Fire Risks
running more than one year.
S3 9US,499 29; reinsurance pro
rata 2.008,433 23
Gross Dremlums on Marine Tims
Risks. $ ; reinsurance SO
per cent 882,119 00
Amount reclaimable by the In-
sured on perpetual flre insur-
ance policies 789. 41 1 13
Cash dividends remaining unpaid 60 CO
Due and accrued for salaries,
rent, etc • 46,548 8H
All other liabilities 60.433 S3
Total Liabilities $3.71.1.004 36
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for
Flre premiums $1,894,334 43
Net cash actually received for
Marine premiums 1.S3S.619 73
Received for Interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 70.943 42
Received for tntere«t and dlvt- #
dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loans *
and from all other sources 237,849 to
Received for Rents . 42,644 44
Received from all other sources... 311.821 21
Total Income f7.413.71S 17
EXPENDITtrRES. "*
Net amount paid for Flre Losses $2,SSS,417 03 .
Net amount paid for Marino
Losses 1.P17.833 41
Dividends to Stockholders 559,940 00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 1.S12.634 04
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officer*, clerks, etc. 3&4.212 24
Paid for State. National and
Local taxes • • 159,379 00
All other payments and expendi-
tures 373.643 54
Total Expenditures > S6.44K.084 33
Flre. Marine.
Losses Incurred
during the year. 12.707,917 S3 $1.159,853 41
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
•written during the (
year $504,879, 472!$6.233,041 37
Net amount of Risks
expired durlnc the
year 589.711.343 5.SC0.763 43
Net amount in force i
December 31. 1902- 617.467.iae! 7.278.478 84
Mar. Risks. Premiums."
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year : $392,609,705 $2. 135,363 21
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 331.338.118 2,133,497 48
Net amount In force
December 31. 1902. 6.505.614 362.119 00
CHARLES PLATT. Pres't.
GREVILLE E.FRTER. See'y.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 16th
day of Jannary. 1903. .
RICH"D. H. REILLT. Notary Public.
Losses Paid Since Organization, $111,857,074.37
JAMES D* BAILEY, General Agant
412 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAM FRANCISCO.
CEO. H. MURDOCK &. SON. City Alents,
WaaOr (Sdl SLQO wTwChutes.
John LeClair, the refined and artistic
comedy juggler, headed an excellent bill
at the Chutes yesterday and made a
great hit at both performances. George
Schlndler, the wonderful harmonica'solo
ist, .was warmly received.' and Henry
dive, the Australian magician, proved
very puzzling with his sleight of hand
work and illusions* Anderson and Wal
lace, travestists, gave scenes from "Vlr
ginius" and VDr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde";
the Reese Brothers did some clever gun
and baton manipulating; Mr. and Mrs.
Morton were amusing in- a sketch: May
Lamson, . the contralto, in new Illustrated
songs, and the animatoscope, showing an
entire change of moving pictures, com
pleted the programme. The amateurs will
appear on. Thursday night.
• Ex-Secretary John D. Long has been
made a : member, of the Mayflower De
scendants.- He is descended from Mary
Chtlton, who first set foot on Plymouth
Rock.
"A Friend of the Family" is packing
the California Theater this week. The
company presenting it is a capable one
and the farce one that Is capable of
producing a laugh every minute.
California.
The Immense audience that witnessed
the splendid production of the military
spectacle. "The Cherry Pickers." at the
Central Theater last night was enthusi
astic in Its applause throughout, and
went fairly wild at the climacteric scene
In the third act, wherein an Afghan
touches a match to a loaded cannon, at
the mouth of which his enemy, the hero.
Is chained. There is a terrific explosion,
but the Intended victim Is snatched from
the jaws of death in a marvelous "man
ner. The play is full of color and replete
with strong dramatic incidents and thrill
ing scenes. The action takes place in In
dia, and the piece has been given a gor
geous Oriental setting. The title is taken
from the Eleventh British Hussars, who
lost a fight by tarrying in a cherry or
chard and were dubbed "Cherry Pickers."
The plot deals with a conflict between the
aggressive English and the half-castes.
Herschel.MayaU.as the heroic half-caste
lieutenant, -whose devotion' to a beautiful
native girl draws down upon him the
wrath of his superior officer, gave an ex
cellent Interpretation, and was powerful
ly- effective in the . broadsword duel scene
and in the great gun episode. Eugenie
Thais Lawton, In the exacting part of
Nourmalee, for love of whom an English
officer seeks, the life of his . half-caste
rival, gave a superb Impersonation, hav
ing the sympathy o{ the audience from
n*rst:to last. Henry Shumcr.in the un
grateful role of the treacherous officer,
was : as clever ' a's usual, and Edwin T.
Emery furnished a. pleasing Lieutenant
York, gallant - in love and war. As Mrs.
Central.
Pollard's Lilliputian Opera Company is
showing to advantage in "The Lady
Slavey" at the Grand Opera-house. All
the Pollard children, and there are six
of them, display clever acting and sing
ing ability and the entire company shows
evidence of careful training.
Grand Opera-House.
Fanny ', Young as Franzlaka was ex
ceedingly funny all : the wav. . Herbert
Farjeon, . George 1 Bosworth. EMith Angus,
Mabel i Stetson r and Georgie Russell also
created amusement- occasionally.when the
atmosphere r became a little, gloomy from
the accumulation of so much sorrow over
the misfortunes of the famous but erring
. "Magda.", that most stirring of emo
tional plays, was presented lri a mag
nificent manner .at the Alcazar last night.
The people of the stage made their au
dience live and move and thrill with
themselves.. The production was a suc
cess alien as the little theater has seldom
known. At times the listeners were spell
bound and again they were applauding
wildly. After every act there was curtain
call after curtain, call. There was life
and action in^every line of the play as it
was rendered and the harmonious char
acter of the work of j the players was
truly remarkable.
To Florence Roberts, who occupied the
title • role, of course belongs most of the
credit. Her, leadership jnade.lt easy for
the others to follow and her fire " and
spirit were infectious. She has never ap
peared to better advantage in San Fran
cisco than in tha second and third acts
of "Magda" ; last night.
William Yerance. as the father -and
martinet, did himself .proud. He came in
for a good share of the applause and de
servedly. | Lucius : Henderson played the
part of the self -abnegated . pastor splen
didly. Howard Scott ¦ also J distinguished
himself In the part of the blissfully selfish
councillor. He. was applauded vigorously
in . spite ; of the extremely unpopular . role.
Alcazar.
mantle old .key. It Is a thoroughly sin
cere and effective presentation of the part
and several curtain calls at the third act's
end attested the hearty appreciation of
the audience.
¦ Miss Martha Waldron leaves a particu
larly pleasing | Impression as the gay
Baronne de Prefont. This clever young
woman gains ease, lightness and strength
every day. Claire Kulp, who was so
effective as the child In "The Devil's Dis
ciple,"- confirmed her former good work
with a natural . and charming Suzanne
Derblay, and Kate Pattlson Selten was a
sumptuous Marquise.
Cociuelin's former part, the parvenu
chocolate maker, Moulinet. was done by
Walter Allen, who brings a dry rather
than unctuous humor to the role, but was
still very useful to the cast; and George
S. Titheradge In a sympathetic Bachelin
and Charles F. Gotthold as Octave both
add notably to the cast's effectiveness.
This Is the last week of Mr. Miller and
Miss Anglin for this season, and this fact
and the play will doubtless draw the de
served laree audiences.
Next we«k comes "The Prince of Pil
sen." BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
FAVORITES WHO ARE AP
PEARING AT SOME OF THE
LOCAL THEATERS.
The Manrico of Emmanuele Ischlerdo
Is a trifle uneven, being passably good in
spots and excellent in others. His slng^
Ing of "Dl Duella Plra" Is by far his best
solo In the opera and he was obliged to
repeat it thrice last evening.
In Ferrando the rich, sonorous ba3so of
Baldo Travatrltnl is heard to excellent
advantage, and although the part is but
a small one It Is none the Ies3 acceptable
and appetizing.
The minor part of Inez is taken most
cleverly by Miss Phyllis Partington of
this city. She has a graceful figure «and
a sweet, sympathetic voice, which may
be heard In the near future in a more
pretentious^ character.
An excellent make-up has Cieo Mar
chesini. the Azucena, and a contralto rich
and round with all of the' fervent dra
matic quality that draw^^pplause out of
the coldest crevices. From the opening
notes of the "Stride la Vain pa" to the
last ones of the prison song in act VI
she retains the vociferous sympathy of
the audience. In addition to her vocal
excellencies she Is a cood- actress.
\ The star of the cast Is Ailamo Gre
goretti, the Count di Luna. Adamo Is
a handsome fellow and a baritone diffi
cult to rnatf*h. He is equally good all
through,- and his •'!! Balen" calls for
several encores, which the good-o&tured
fellow cheerfully complies with.
There is no willowy-waisted Leonora at
the Tivoli this week while Lina de Bene
detto sings the heroine Of Verdi's "II
Trovatore." Llna's Leonora is an ex
pansive armful of beauty and melody,
done up in an attractive package of solid
art. She can warble like a canary and
the highest notes are ripe cherries that
she picks fro-m th<? vocal tree v/ith ease
and grace. She is* eminently Italian In
all that she does and makes the hearts
ofher hearers warm toward her.
Tivoli.
Princess Losoros has established her
self as a prime favorite at the Orpheum
and last night she was enthusiastically
applauded for her singing of Bishop's
"Lo, Hear the Gentle Lark." E. Rousby's
spectacular novelty, "In Paris." is mag
nificent and elicited bursts of applause.
The Rio brothers, athletes: Fischer and
Wacker, Tyrolean duetlsts: Frederic
Bond and his company, including Georgie
Benton, in the farce "My Awful Dad";
Almont and Dumont, instrumentalists:
James Richmond Glenroy, the monologist,
and Arnesen. the gymnast, make up a
most attractive bill.
Orpheum.
An Incident took place In the last act
that was Quite out of the ordinary. In
one of the stage boxes were a number of
well-known men about town, accompanied
by fashionably attired women. One of
their number started the fun by throw-
Ing a half dollar on the stage. Others
followed. Barney Bernard was the first
to grab the situation and reached for the
coin." More dollars were thrown, and Kolb
came to the rescue and scooped in what
he could. Finally Dill came from behind
the stage bar and pocketed a half. At
this juncture Maud Amber came on, be
ing greeted by a perfect shower of glit
tering coins. She made no attempt to
capture any of them, being content to
gaze upon the headlight diamond that the
court had awarded her during the day.
The chorus, however, joined in a merry
scramble, and it was a case of catch-as
catch-can.
Fischer's.
Another big crowd was in attendance at
Fischer's Theater last night.
The "Glad Hand" and "Con-curers"
have caught on in good shape. The co
medians seem funnier than ever, and the
solos and choruses are encored again and
acain.
In Derblay, the sensitive, high-minded
master of the forges, Mr. Miller. wins an
other personal triumph. He has flung
overboard for the- nonce ajl ; the Shaw
realisms, the Davis modernisms and plays
the romantic old role. in -a properly- ro-
It- will be remembered that Claire has
four acts of unmitigated dampness to
support. If this daughter of a hundred
earls (French) is not in one sort of
trouble she Is in another. It is, however,
the kind of role catalogued as "strong"
and has the aforementioned strong scenes
that with some relief would only> gain
strength. That Miss Anglin does every
thing possible for. the part; goes without
saying, compelling full ~ sympathy for
the rather ungrateful character. She
realizes delicately the ruling pride, of the
girl, and paints with sure and fine touch
her warming into . tenderness and love.
Her scene with Derblay (Mr. Miller), the
bridegroom, is handled, with conscious
power, coming into full, touch with one's
sympathy. She Invests even the banal
scene of rivalry. between Claire and the
Duchess with dignity and conviction,
playing the part throughout for all It is
T-nrth 1HffBmymiWlfil"l>tiiTWrftriarTi
The troubles of that very damp young
person Claire are still good for a tremen
dous lot of more or less deserved sympa
thy, as last night's reception of the play
proved. And there are still the strong
scenes to rely upon. The scene between
the deceived bridegroom and his newly
made bride counts yet the plenteous thrill,
and the scenes between the flirting Duch
ess and Claire, between Claire and her
old lover, not to.fcrget the duel episode,
are all in the class of self-raising senti
ment. True. Mr. MiTier'and Miss Anglln
deserve better things. There Is about the
whole, story a radical theatricalism, a
falseness of values, a lack of the subtle
verities of life with which these. two are
so competent to deal, jhat their time with
"The Aftermath" is much in the nature
of waste. Still, as.lt is not life but enter
tainment that the average playgoer de
sires, the play will doubtless be a consid
erable Buccess. It was last night. Need
less to say, the staging Is of admirable
sort and the gowns are dreams.
The new dramatist claims little origin
ality for his edition. Rather a "pot
pourri" of book and other versions, he
modestly terms it. Perhaps the chief dif
ference in "The Aftermath" and the older
editions Is in the freshening up of the
phrase, though Mr. Miller has by no
means taken all the stilt out of the talk.
The language is still rather balloony, the
sentence over long, the phrase o'er flow.
ery. The outline of the original story,
the love of the ironmaster for the grande
dame. Is closely adhered to. There are,
however, several happily introduced incil
dents of lighter character that serve to
leaven the somewhat weepy lump. Not
that it is not the kind of "weep" that Is
Joyfully Indulged In.
NEWLY labeled, retrlmmed and
generally made over Georges
Ohnet's "Le Maltre des Forges"
last night made another reap
pearance as "The Aftermath,"
this time arranged by Henry Miller.
Pinero, Pritchard and not a few famous
others have tried their hand at adapting
the Ohnet romance, and people like Jane
Hading and Coquelln have ever been
found ready to play it. In the dearth of
new plays the return of Mr. Miller and
Miss Anglin to "The Ironmaster" is not
surprising. There Is much In the play to
commend it as a medium for both of these
clever people, and Mr. Miller has made a
smooth and easy running version of the
story.
daughter. The rest of the cast contrib
uted much toward the success of the per
formance.
The costumes and stage settings were
both elegant and entirely appropriate.
Fourteen Chinese laborers were arrest
ed yesterday by officials of the Chinese
Bureau for being unlawfully in the coun
try. They had arrived on the A!a?*U;\
cannery fleet and were without the nec
essary papers. ' The seven Chinese ar
rested a few days ago, some of whom
were found in possession of fraudulent
certificates, were arraigned yesterday
morning before United States Court Com
missioner Heacock and six were held for
examination. One who had no pap^ra
and made no defense will be ordered de
ported.
Chinese Fishermen Arrested.
To Entertain Professor Moses
Professor Bernard Mosrs. member of
the Philippine Commission, will be ten- I
oerM a reception and bamjuet by the '
1 nitarian Club on Monday evening next
rvthc Maple Rocm of the Palace Hotel
-T'jfeFsor Moses will deliver an address
. thr Philippines and his experiences
¦'••'« 2nd speeches will be made by Presi
»t Benjamin Ide V\ nctler of the State
L nivereity and Professor David Starr Jorl
•Ian cf Stanford University.
pursuit their capture is expected. Colonel
Ivosiprlirzky nnd his men mean to make
ii «>f Northern Sonora as safe for travel
;-s the highways cf the settled sections.
ri:« (amp, and was shot five times. His
.-iayers made good their escape and sev
'•ral no65es were unable to locate their
rail. Since the rurales have joined in the
Immediately on their return from the
lound-up a detachment of the rurale«
went in pursuit of two bandits who on
i-;uurc;ay murdered John Nev.man, super
intendent of the Esmeralda mine at Cos
Sorora. Newman refused to comply with
the demands of the bandits who raided
FpteUl Dispatch to The Call
MAGDALENA, Mexico., Sept. 14.— A troop
cf Mexican rurales commanded by Colonel
Kosterl'ttky has just concluded a record
breaking round-up of border renegades.
The troop rode into Magdalena. Sonora,
on Sunday with twenty-one of the tough
ost of Sonora's outlaws, the result of a
three weeks' chase, covering all of North
ern Sonora. The prisoners were tied in
the saddles and brought in heavily guard
ed. Ati attempt to escape would have
been the utmost fo'.ly. as the rurales were
prepared to take no chances of an out
break among such a set of ruffians.
The captured outlaws were placed In
the Magdalena jail to await deportation
to the interior, where they win be re
cruited for the army and subjected to the
most rigid discipline. Colonel Koster
litzky and hie troop of tried men pene
trated the most remote sections in their
search for the border bandits, and their
determined efforts to break up the law-
Itts border clement has been successful,
as many noted bad m»n are among the
Ijrtsor.ers. Many of the captures were not
made without a fight, but the rurales
««-r<? nearly always victorious. Xot one
of their men fell, though some of those
?hey attempted to capture escaped. They
Knew the class of men with which they
wore dealing and took few chances.
It is feared that the schooner Kva J.
Shenton, which sailed for New Orlctins
early Friday, has been lost. Much .appre
hension is felt for the steamship §fohn
stone, which is reported to have sailed
from Mobile for Tampa last Friday.
There are no wire3 south of Tampa
and trains are delayed. What has hap
pened at Punta Gorda, Punta Rassa and
Myers is not known. It is rumored that
Punta Rassa has been completely washed
away, but no communication with the
place has yet been possible.
Owing to the timely warning of the
Weather Bureau, all shipping remained
in the harbor after Friday morning. ...»
In Ybor City several factories were
badly damaged. The property loss at
Tampa will reach $50,000. It is estimated
that half of the orange crop has been cut
off around Tampa and one-fourth on the
east coast.
Two lives were lost In Tampa by the
storm. Louis Baron, a c'garmaker. who
was struck by the~~falli:ig cornice of a
building, died the next day. Ills skull was
fractured. T. Y. Hunnicut, a motorman.
met his death near the Cuesta Ray cigar
factory. In West Tampa. He recelvtd a
shock "from a live wire which proved
fatal.
At Palm Beach the damage was serious.
Grunber's Opera-house was partly' un
roofed, as were eight other business
blocks, which were also damaged in other
ways. All the beats on the Lake Worth
water front, excepting three, were
wrecked and sunk. The Hotel Royal
Poynciana was slightly damaged.
The schooner Martha Thomas, 730 tons.
Captain Watts, with a cargo of lumber
from Appalachicola for Baltimore, was
wrecked nine miles south of Jupiter. The
schooner is SDlit in half. The crew, were
all saved. ". -V
JACKSONVILLE. Fla.. Sept. 14.— Wires
south of Palm Beach an-1 Tampa are still
down and will not be in operation for- a
day or so. Further details of the destruc
tion wrought by the hurricane have been
received by mail and passengers on the
Incoming trains.
The steamer Inchulva of Liverpool,
owned by the Inch Shipping Company,
from Galveston. laden with lumber and
cottonseed meal for Hampton Roads,
went ashore near Boynton Friday night.
The ship's steering gear broke and #he
floated at will, striking the beach, with
great force and breaking into three
pieces. The captain, mates and fourteen
of the crew were saved. Nine were
drowned, among them, the engineer. The
small boat with five men was^battered to
pieces by the waves and Us occupant3
drowned.
Bandits Who Murdered the Superin
tendent of a Mine Soon May Be
Captured by Experienced
Mounted Pursuers.
Destruction Wrought by • the Hur
ricane Is Much Greater and
More Widespread Than at
First Reported,
Severe Blow Is Dealt to a
Lawless Southwestern
Element.
Small Boats Are Battered to
Fisces and Occupants
Drowned.
Myrtle Vane was good as Mrs. Ehileep's
daughter. The cast Is creditable through
out and "The Cherry Pickers" should
have a big week's run at the Central.
Divorces were granted to Catherine E.
Raber from W. H. Raber for dpsertion,
Annette Mooney from Daniel J. Mooney
for neglect, Pauline Kolbe from John F.
Kolbe for desertion, Bessie J. McCorry
from H. W. McCorry for neglect, John
Kaus from Mary G. Kaus for neglect, B.
A. Carlson from Augusta Carlson for de
sertion, and Klla I. Armstrong from
James Armstrong for desertion.
O'Donnell-Duleep. Georgie Woodthorpe
made one of the hits of the evening, and
Though . married only five months,
Marion Lobherr is already tired of matri
mony. 8be has fll«d an action for divorce
against Charles E. Lobherr, to whom she
was married at Stockton April 15. She
charges him with extreme cruelty and
says that on the night of April 30 he
poked a loaded revolver into her face
and threaten3d to kiU^ier. informing her
that he had no use for her and that he
only married her out of pity. The next
day, she alleges, fearing that he would
carry out his threat to do her harm, she
fled to her father's home at Ukfah.
Nlr.a L.. Dalton, whose husband, B. C.
Dalton, is a clerk in the employ of Por
ter Bros., wants a divorce because, she
alleges, he has boen cruel to her. Sne
says he is intemperate and when in his
cups abusive. They were married in
April. 1S95, and have two children, the
custody of whom Mrs. Dalton asks for,
and for J40 a month for their support.
Suits for divorce were also filed by
Mabel Wellink against Edward Welllnk
for neglect. Mary E. Heidewald against
W. P. Heidewald for cruelty. Joseph G.
Kirchner against Fanny M. Klrchner for
neglect, and Nettie Blumenthal against
Emil Blumenthal for desertion.
A carving: knife was the last weapon
she used and when this stuck in his leg
he thought it about time to look for a
less stormy domicile.
After hearing Fitzhenry'e tale of woe
Judge Troutt refused to grant the mo
tion for a non-suit made by his wife and
set the case for further hearing to-day
at 10 o'clock.
Dodging cordwood, carving knives, flat
irons, chunks of coal and stovelid lifters,
hurled at one's head for more than a
year, la not a pleasant way to spend
one's time. It Is too monotonous. At
least it Is to Arthur Fitzhenry. H© said
so yesterday in Judge Troutt'a court dur
ing the hearing of his suit for divorce
against Rosanna Fitahenry. He Informed
the court that as a relief he occasionally
allowed one of the missiles to land. "I
had some good liniment, your Honor," he
said, "and the wounds soon healed. In
time my head became used . to being
bumped by everything In the house that
my wife could throw and 1 made no com
plaint until things came my way too
often. Then I brought this suit."
Fitzhenry Is a stout young fellow. 20
years his wife's junior. He " met her In
Ireland, whither she had gone on a visit.
It was evidently a case of love at first
sight, for he said that Mrs. Fitxhenry
paid his transportation to this country
and met him here a short time after his
arrival. They became husband and wife
and came to this city. They were only
hero a short time when they began quar
reling. His elderly wife commenced hos
tilities, said Fitahenry, first using her
tongue and finally household utensils as
a means of showing she "ruled the roost."
Between 14 and $5 had been stolen from
the till in Corr.isky-s saloon. When But
ler and Foran ran away from 329 Third
street one of them was seen to throw
away a cold chisel and a screw driver
v.hich were later picked up by Tlllman'
Butler and Foran were under the influ
ence of liquor when arrested.
Byron B. Bradley, a laborer, living at
317 Third street, was also arrested by
Tillman, as he had also been seen in front
of the saloon, but he was able to prove
that he had no connection with Butler or
Foran and was merely held as a witness.
Bradley said he was going home and
heard the breaking of glass at Comisky's
saloon. He walked along to see what was
the matter, when Butler came out of a
doorway adjoining the saloon and de
manded Bradley's money for drink. Brad
ley said he did not have any and was al
lowed to go. He walked toward Market
street and tcld a young man he met not
to go on that side of the street, as two
fellows were holding up an old man and
they had also held him up. While return
ing from Market street he was arrested
by Tillman.
Butler and Foran ran, but Foran was
soon caught by Tillman. Watchman Be
han yelled to McDowell, Ruggles and
Moran that the men were coming and
they rushed cut of the saloon Just as
Butler dashed past with Clay in pursuit.
Moran, who was ahead of the others,
colled upon Butler to stop, but he con
tinued to run and turned west on Har
rison street. Moran fired a shot at him,
but It only made him increase his speed.
Moran again called upon Butler to stop
and when Butler reached Clara street
Morau fired two more shots at him, one of
the bullets taking effect in the calf of his
leg: and bringing him to a sudden pause In
his flight. Butler was placed under ar
rest and taken to the Central Emergency
Hospital, where his wound was dressed.
He was then taken to the City Prison,
where Foran had preceded him. They
were Identified as the men seen in front
of Comi^ky's saloon.
The officers grot a description of three
men ¦who had been seen in front of the
saloon by T. Behan, a watchman for the
United Railroads. McDowell. Ruggles
and Moran entered the saloon to gee if the
burglars were still there and Tillman and
Clay walked along Third street. They
discovered two men. who proved to be
Butler and Foran, trying to force open
the door of a ealoon at 329 Third street.
Matthew J. Butler, a sheet metal
worker, and John Koran, a teamster, are
in the City Prison with a charge of bur
glary booked against them. They were
arrested early yesterday morning, and
Butler, while- attempting to escape, was
shot in the calf of the leg, but the wound
is only a superficial one. .
Shortly before 3 o'clock James J. Con
very, 532 Third street, while passing:
Thomas Comlsky's saloon at 354 Third
street heard the breaking of glass, and.
suspecting that something was wrong,
notified Policeman McDowell, who went
to the ealcon. He saw at once that the
place had been visited by burglars and
blew his police whistle. Policemen
Moran. Tlllman, Ruggles and Clay re
sponded.
In Suit for Divorce He Al
leges Wife Used Him
as 4 a Target.
Three Shots Fired at One
Before Stopping Him
in His Flight.
Several Vessels Driven
Ashore on Coast of
Florida.
Mexican Rurales Round
Up Desperadoes of
Sonora.
A. Fitzhenry Says He
Let Some Land by
i
Way of Variety.
Police Arrest Two Men
for Breaking Into
a Saloon.
"Magda" Given Remarkably Successful Production
at- Alcazar---"A Friend of the Family" at California
a Leading Attraction— Orpheum Show a Great One
HEAVY LOSS
IS ENTAILED
BY THE GALE
DODGING MISSILES
WEARISOME WORK
WOUNDS BURGLAR
DURING PURSUIT
POLICE ROPE
THE OUTLAWS
TO SADDLES
"LE MAITRE DES FORGES" ADAPTATION
BY MILLER SMOOTH AND EASY RUNNING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 15, 1903.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Three
Made-to-Order
SHIRTS
For $5i£0
Ttiey are made en-
tirely under the Kellen";^
. roof— from the cutting
to the laundering.
Constructed by the '
most skillful white la-
The perfection . or
shirt comfort. No point
of convenience is over-
looked.
The Howell Patent
Reversible Wristbands
and Cuffs put on all--
shirts, when desired,
without extra charge.
Try three made'-to-meas- .
ure shirts,
$5.00.
1028-1030 MARKET STREET,-
San Francisco.
1 157-1 159 Washington Street,
Oakland.
San Francisco, Tuesday, 15 September, 1503.
oak tables
Best patterns we've shown in small tables in a long
time. If you have need for one and like any of these,
don't lose time in placing your order. All in weathered
oak finish and priced as follows : For the one to the
left, $8.50; for the one to the right, $10.00; for the lower
one, $12.50.
Weathered oak furniture is no longer simply a nov-
elty — it is rich, serviceable and exceedingly popular.
Our line contains a big, varied assortment of modern
living-room, dining-room and library pieces.
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, San FranciscoSAX DIEGO, Sept. 14.-The raisin crop
in this section Is larger than ever and the
prices are better. than expected this sea
son. Picking Is proceeding as rapidly as
a shortage of labor, will permit, but grow,
ers are confident. that they will be able
to gather the entire crop.
San Diego Raisins Plentiful.
In a recent sham battle, in which Emperor William
participated to the great edification of his troops,
the official umpire, without the preliminary of delib
eration or discussion, enthusiastically declared the
Emperor victor. Is anybody daring enough to sug
gest that that umpire didn't know his business or
had no concern for his future?*
Smelt Catchers at Capitola Nearly
Drenched by an Inconsider
ate Cetacean.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 1L— While O. A.
Hale, with his wife and daughter of San
Jose, and P.. C. Hale of New York were
fishing for smelt at Capitola yesterday a
whale appeared within fifteen feet of
the boat, jumped into the air and spouted,
almost drenching the party.
SPORTIVE WHALE LEAPS
NEAR A FISHING PARTY
Not long since the highest officials in Constanti
nople declared that the revolution in Macedonia
would be settled within a week. As usual the Turk
was right, but not in the manner he expected. The
revolution in Macedonia has been ended by an up
heaval which has sent the torch and the sword
throughout the Balkans and has troubled the rest
of Europe to guess what the final outcome may be.
Santa Clara Pioneer Dead.
SAX JOSE, Sept. 14.— G. B. Alontsora
ery. a Santa Clara County pioneer but for
many years a resident of Holllster. died
yesterday at his home la the latter place.
aged S3 years. Ho was a native of Ken
tucky and came to San Jose la 154?. la
1S69 he went to Holllster, waa proprietor
of the first hotel there and was afterward
Justice of the Peace and Town Attorney.
He leaves six children.
Kern County Tax Rate Fixed.
BAKERSFIELD, Sept. I*.-The County
Supervisors have unofficially determined
upon a tax rate of n GO for the ensuing
year, which Is an increase from $1 40 dur
ing the last year. Of this amount 2 cents
Is levied for the St. Louis fair exhibit and
IS cents Is the raise made by the State.
The rate will be officially fixed on the 23d
Jnst.
AIRSHIP YARN EXCITES
INDIANAPOLIS RESIDENTS
Boys Find Model Believed to Have
, Been Used by In-\|
ventors.
INDIANAPOLIS. Sept. 14.— The an
nouncement by prominent persons of Irv
ington that they had seen tdt airship pass
has caused great excitemAt here. This
afternoon. In a field several miles from
Irvington. some boys found a large, tor
pedo-shaped paper covered with a canopy
and with two dummy figures In it. It was
thirty feet long and is believed to be &
model of an airship some local mechanics
are working on.
Britons Buy San Diego Grain.
SAX DIEGO. Sept. 11.— Tho British ship
Mllverton cleared for the United Kissdora
to-day wtth Ssl.tYO worth of wheat an<i
barley. She is the second large vessel to
leave this port this season carrying grain.
Demand Return ot the Taxes.
SALT LAKE, Utah. Sept 14.-AJ demand
has been made upon Internal Revenue
Collector CalUster of this city by the rep
resentatives of the Marcus Daly estate of
Montana to refund SH7.00O paid t 0
Government as an inheritance tax on the
estate. It Is claimed that the estate i*
not subject to the tax, as it does not come
within the provisions of the Government
Inheritance tax law. The matter will be
referred to Commissioner Yerke* at
Washington for a decision.
Railroad Lacks Funds to Operate.
NEW YORK. Sept. 14.-Vtc» Connector
Pitney In Jersey City to-day made t* r *
manent the appomtmtnt of John W liar,
genben? of Jersey City and Lucian n
Rose of Now York Ctty a« r^Afrl £.
pany. op«rattn« ,Miwn Salmi* *nd Tor.
reon. Mexico. ThM>m • f «ra
the road is without Kinds to operate.
BAKERSFIELD, Sept. 14.— To-morrow
morning a rural free delivery will be
started from the Bakersfleld postofHce
to the Kern River oil fields, leaving here
at 8:30 o'clock every morning. The route
will be about twenty-five miles in length
and will takb in all the properties around
the edge of the field, leaving those in the
central part to be served as now— by the
Oil City postofflce.-
The route is the first one to be estab
lished in Kern County, and differs from
any other in the country inasmuch as it
is tho first rural route to handle the busi
ness of large corporations and of an ex
clusively business instead of farming
community. The route will handle the
mail "of a number of the largest compa
nies in the field, and the experiment will
be watched with great interest by postal
officials.
Rural Free Delivery to Have an In
teresting Trial in Kern
County.
MAIL WILL BE TAKEN
TO OIL FIELD CAMPS
As in our time schools of all kinds are being estab
lished and professional training is being provided
for almost every occupation under the sun, there is
no reason for objecting to the new venture. In the
course of time the example may be followed else
where. In this country professional schools tend to
center at the universities, and doubtless we shall ere
long hear that the University of Chicago has set up
a school for. hotel-keepers by way of keeping even
with Columbia,, which i-. to have a school of journal-
A correspondent of the Westminster Gazette at
tributes the movement. to a desire on the part of the
French to obtain a share of the large expenditure of
tourists now poured out in Switzerland. The French
syndicate has studied the trade and has come to the
conclusion that the throng of visitors to Switzerland
is due not so much to the scenery of the country as
to the excellent hotels that abound there, and ac
cordingly it is the opinion that by establishing
equally pleasant hotels in French villages they can
command a good share of the patronage.
The tourist travel in Switzerland is certainly large
enough to excite the envy of •neighboring nations.
The latest official report on the subject covers the
period from January i to October 31, 1899, and states
that during that period upwards of 2,500,000 tourists
registered at Swiss hotels. It is^ estimated that their
expenditures average 80 francs each, making a total
of about 200,000,000 francs. As Switzerland has only
about 2,000,000 inhabitants it will be seen that such
a revenue pouring into the country in a period of ten
months constitutes a very valuable accession to the
channels of trade and the per capita income.
No information is forthcoming as to the nature of
the training to be given in the professional school at
Paris, but a wjiter on the subject in the Revue des
Deux Mondes is quoted as saying: "Let us imitate
Swiss methods, but with elasticity and distinction.
Let us receive foreigners not with the stereotyped
welcomc # of the hotel-keeper, but with the courtesy
and reserve of an ancjent race doing the honors of
a country estimated by its inhabitants at its proper
value." .-¦ ' « •
REPORTS from Paris are to the effect that a
syndicate of hotel-keepers in France has
undertaken the establishment and main
tenance in that city of a training school for hotel
keepers. It is to be known as "L'Ecole P^jfession
elle d'Hoteliers," and its object is that 8f bringing
the business of hotel-keeping in France up to a stand
ard that will attract visitors from all parts of the
world, not only to Paris, where they go now in great
numbers, but to the smaller towns and villages of the
country/
PROFESSIONAL HOTEL^KEEPERS.
ROSEBURG. Or.. Sept. II— About 1:20
o'clock yesterday morning in the Southern
Pacific yards here an engine backing from
a switch to the main line crashed into
the cab of a switch engine moving ia the
opposite direction, almost instantly kill
ing Ray Carlon, engineer of the switch
engine. His fireman. Robert Forbes, waa
considerably bruised, but escaped serious
injury.
The regular engine had no light to th»
rear and therefore waa unseen by En
gineer Carlon in the darkness until the
moment of collision. The other engineer
believed the switch engine had stopped
further up the line and that the track
was clear. The dead engineer leaves a
young wife.
Locomotive Smashes Into a Cab at
Rosebnrg, Or., and Causes
a Death.
ENGINEER IS KXLLED
IN A YARD COLLISION
A similar accident occurred at the same
place about a year ago, in which Train
master Purdy lost his life and j others
were Injured. Much damage was done
railroads In the vicinity by the storm, nu
merous washouts being reported, and all
trains are late x into the city to-day.
LA CROSSE, Wls., Sept. 14.— A special
train, consisting of an engine and two
coaches, containing President J. J. Hill
of the Northern Securities Company and
President Harris, the first and ; second
vice presidents, Chief Engineer Breckln
ridge and other officials of the Burling
ton, early last evening ran into two large
boulders which had been washed upon
the track by a severe rainstorm near
Alma, and the engine was badly dam
aged. Outside of a bad shaklng-up and a
few bruises none of the officials ion the
train were Injured.
A fierce storm was in progress when
the train left this city for St. Paul, and
the engineer was running at reduced
speed when the engine crashed into the
break.
Northern Securities Company's Pres
ident and Other Railroad Offi
cials in a Wreck.
JAMES J. HILL'S TRAIN !
RUNS INTO BOULDERS
A gentleman of this city, after suffering what he
considers a series of marital misfortunes and abuses,
has sued for a divorce on the ground that the climax
of his domestic troubles was reached when his wife
called him a shrimp. His complaint seems to indi
cate that when the lady said shrimp she thought lob
ster.
Of course this is an act of war and must be.au
thorized by our Congress. Our domestic dema
gogues would object and do much blatherskiting
about our sister republic, but healthy American sen
timent is in no humor to listen, to the semi-treason
of demagogues. Either we must put an end to Latin-
American bullying or take our place, at the cross
roads of the world placarded: "Uncle Sam, the in
ternational cuspidor. Everybody invited to spit in his
face."
AN official of the State Department declares that
there will be no further negotiation with Co
lombia about the isthmian canal. We will
now turn to the bandits who rule Nicaragua anS
Costa Rica and try to negotiate that route. Un
fortunately Colombia has set them an evil example,
which they may follow to defeat us again. The quoted
official of the State Department says: "What is the
use of trying to deal with people who do not ob
serve the first principles of intercourse? The Co
lombians no doubt think they did a smart thing
when they held up our cablegrams."
The American people are beginning to inquire how
long our Government proposes to stand being spat
upon, insulted and snubbed by those pestiferous
Latin-American states. They have long been in the
habit of robbing and maltreating Americans without
rebuke or punishment, and seem to have concluded
that as our Government will not protect its own citi
zens from their outrages, it is safe to insult it directly.
This has been done by Colombia in this canal af
fair, and no other Government woulcl rest under it.
The interception of official dispatches to our Minister
to Bogota is equivalent to an act of war. The Gov
ernment of Colombia should be ordered to apologize
to Minister Beaupre, and be compelled to do it, hat
in hand. Upon refusal Panama and Colon should
be bombarded and a force landed to march on Bo
gota.
LATIN-AMERICAN METHODS.
BAKERSFIELD, Sept. 11.— As a result
of a disturbance created by a number of
strike-breakers who arrived a few days
ago from Joplin, Mo., to work in the Yel
low. Aster mine, Sfieriff Kelly haa closed
all the saloons In Randsburg, and now not
a drop of liquor can be purchased In the
town.
With the exception of the trouble men
tioned there has not been the slightest
breach of the peace in the town. About
sixty men are now working in the Yellow
Aster mine, but the mill has not been
started. About eighty of the strikers are
making their headquarters in Randsburg.
some working on leases of their own and
others in the smaller mines around town
which have recognized the union.
Mayor Closes All Saloons and There's
Not a Drop to Drink but • ¦
Water.
DBY AS THE DESERT
IS THIRSTY HAJXDSBUBO
When the State Board of Equalization decided, to
increase the assessment of San Francisco as out
rageously as it did it must have reached the conclu
sion that the "stand and deliver" industry has reached
such proportions in this city that we are ready to
submit to any extortion. ,
YOUNTVILL.E. Sept. 14.— The Veterans'
Home at Yountville was the scene of th«
most delightful entertainment of the sea
son Saturday night. The participants
were Mrs. Myrtle Marshall, the Misses
Jean Durrell and Rose Broderick and the
Press Club Quartet, consisting of George
King, A. E. McMillan, R. H. Hunt and
R:, E. Keene. There was no set pro
gramme, the entertainers giving freely of
their talent and responding generously to
the rounds of applause which followed
each well -rendered number.
Both the ballads and coon songs con
tributed by Miss Rose Broderick were
highly appreciated by the audience, and
the young lady answered gracefully to
the many encores* she received. Mrs. Myr
tle Marshall was delightful in her rendi
tion of the coon songs with which she
favored the veterans. Miss Jean Durrell
first touched the hearts of the audience
deeply with a little recitation entitled
"When I Was in the Army," and then in
a twinkling brought down the house with
comic recitations. The singing: of the
members of the quartet was splendid, in
dividually and collectively. Their rendi
tion of "Annie Laurie," given by request,
was especially appreciated by the veter
ans. They were all in fine voice and were
untiring in their efforts to make the even
ing's entertainment a success. The ac
companist for the evening was Mrs. W.
J. Batchelder.
The entertainment was under the man
agement of Hugh M. Burke, a director of
the home and chairman of the amusement
committee. Several ladies accompanied
the visitors to the home, and all left yes
terday afternoon expressing themselves
as well pleased with their visit.
SWEET SONGS DELIGHT
YOTJNTVILLE VETERANS
Soldiers of the Civil "War Treated to
an Entertainment at the
Home.
FORTUNATE is it for Joseph Chamberlain that
by his protective tariff proposals he has been
able to tix public attention upon his plans as an
imperial statesman and distract it from his failures as
Colonial Secretary. The chief work of his adminis
tration of the Colonial Omcc has been done in South
Africa, and while the reports from Cape Colony and
Johannesburg are contradictory, there is a growing
belief in London itself that not only are the Boers
but the British settlers in the Transvaal dissatisfied
with the situation and more or less discouraged by
the outlook.
Of the labor problem a good deal has been re
ported, and it seems to constitute the most vexatious
of the difficulties of the country. Labor is scarcer
than in the days when under the Boer regime the na
tives could be forced to work. A report says: "For
the twelve months ended on June 30, 1899, preceding
the outbreak of the war in October of that year, the
value oi the gold produced by the Witwatersrand
mines was a little more than $85,000,000. For ' the
twelve months ended June 30, 1003, the gold product
of the same district was a little more than $45,000,
000. t The principal factor in this limitation
has been the insufficiency of the supply of native
laborers. The exceeding seriousness of this matter
appears not only in the commercial and industrial
phases of the question, but also in the whole political
question. Upon the successful operation of these
properties there depend the revenues of the coun
try, ar.d, beyond that, the fund proposed for the
reconstruction of the Transvaal. Failure to develop
the mines to the extent of their capacity means gen
eral industrial paralysis and default in the revenues.
A labor supply is therefore imperative."
While the British are thus struggling and failing
in their efforts to colonize the country with immi
grants and to devise a means of getting an abun
dant supply of cheap labor the Boers are seemingly
watching the progress of events with keen eyes, wait
ing patiently for the coming of a time when they can
reassert their supremacy in the land. The London
Mail recently published a letter from a correspondent
at Johannesburg calling attention to the rapidity with
which the Boers arc being organized into groups un
der the title and the form of agricultural associations.
He predicts that sooner or later these organizations
will become political rather than agricultural socie
ties, and says: "Some day a strong hand will sweep
them together into one political entity, with one
voice, one ambition and one solid vote."
He goes on to say: "There is no man better ca
pable of playing the waiting game than the Boer.
Not that there is anything particularly sinister in his
present silence, or that ill will necessary befall when
the silence is broken — as it will be. He is the man
of the soil: He is content to live and die on the land
and raise a family. For him Europe has no attrac
tions; he is here to-day and will be here a hundred
years hence, and he is the man who will have to vote
aprainst us. whose only ambition is to save sufficient
money to enable us to return to and live comfortably
*.he rest of our days in the mother country. And nat
urally he must win all along the line, and, .what is
more, it is perhaps desirable that he should."
The one cheering feature in the situation is that
whether or no the Boer is beginning to like the
Briton, the Briton is beginning to understand the
Boer and to sympathize with him. Sharing the dif
ficulties of life in the Transvaal, the British settler has
Teamed that in many respects the Boers were right
in the course they pursued before the war. and con
sequently it is quite probable the settlers will even
tually be able to establish firm relations of friendship
with their former foes. That, however, is a specula
tion of the far future. At present South Africa is in
a muddle politically, industrially and socially, and the
immediate ontlook is far from promising.
THE WAITING BOER
After a wedding breakfast, for which
elaborate preparations have been made,
the happy couple will depart for the
Hearst residence on the McCloud j River,
"Wyntoon." In this delightful retreat the
honeymoon will be spent.
At 12 o'clock to-day the wedding of Miss
Anne Apperson. niece of Mrs. Phoebe
Hearst, and Dr. Joseph Marshall Flint
will take place at the country residence of
the bride's aunt, "Hacierda del Pozo de
Verona." near Pleasanton.
Seventy-five guests have been bidden to
the/ceremony, this number including only
the relations and most Intimate friends of
the bride and groom. Among them will be
Mr. and Mrs. William Randolph Hearst.
Mrs. Frances Flint, mother of the groom;
James Weber Linn of Chicago. Professor
Nott Flint of the Chicago University and
Mrs. Flint. Rev. Dr. N. B. Gallway will
officiate and the service will be that of
the Episcopalian church.
Miss Elsa Woodworth, a former school
mate of Miss Apperson in New York, has
been chosen as maid of honor. S Mrs.
Hearst will give the fair bride away. Four
children will attend the bridal couple —
M!s3 Elizabeth Wheeler. Miss Jean
Wheeler, Master Edward Clark and Mas
ter Randolph Apperson. brother of the
bride. The best man will be F. R. 3. Bal
four.
Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Klnaey have pur
chased an attractive home in Belvedere
and are now located there. "With then
are Dr. T. J. Grass, their son-in-law, and
wife, who will share the pleasures of the
new fireside.
To-day the wedding of Miss Evelyn
Laughton and Morris Darreto of New
York will take place at the home of the
bride in Belvedere. The bride is a pop
ular girl, and is a cousin of the Misses
Ella and Cherry Bender of Gresn street.
The engagement is announced of Mr3.
Eugenia Lee Thompson and Theodore
Mansfeldt. the well-known cellist. The
wedding will occur at 3 o'clock. Septem
ber 20, at the Swedenborgian Church.
• ':¦¦ '•*-" -¦' •
The California Club has resumed Its
year's work with a swing that presages
good results. The club, as now organized
with Its thirty-two sections. Is really a
succession of smaller clubs bound togeth
er by ties of fraternity under the sanw
roof tree. With its numerous activities
and its unwieldy proportions, this segre
gation into sections was a judicious plan.
In this manner each member may affiliate
with a group of women working along
such lines as appeal particularly to her.
To-day the club programme will be car
ried out under the direction of the depart
ment of education, and portfolio work
will be specially considered. Mrs. W. A.
Maddern will deliver an address on "The
Need of Pictures in the Country Schools,"
and Dr. Dorothea Moore will present for
inspection a model portfolio. This means
of cultivating an artistic sense among
children is receiving much deserved atten
tion by the club.
"What did your maw say ¦when ahs
found out you'd been In swimming?"
asked Johnny.
"Say," scornfully echoed Tommy, rub
bing himself. "She didn't give herself
time to say anything!"— Chicago Tribune.
"Blgsby has written a play."
"Yes. and he's awfully set up over It.**
"I should say he was. He thinks ne'a a
great dramatist. Why. IT he committed
some criminal affair I know what he'd
demand."
"What's that?"
"He'd demand to be tried by a Jury or
his Shakespeares." — Cleveland Plain
Dealer. .
Mrs. Dearborn— She must be Tery rich.
Mrs. Wabash— Oh, she is."
"Do you know the source cf her in
come V
"Yes; she draws alimony front five for
mer husbands."— Yonkers Statesman.
The agent— That's the lowest bid we
ever made for supplies.
The head of the bureau— What la there
In It?
The agent— Why. there is very little la
it for us.
The head of the bureau— And what is
there in It for me?
The agent— For you?
The heau of the bureau — The bid is re
jected.
The agent— For what reason?
The head of the bureau— Stupidity.—
Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Jenkins — Then you mean to tell me I
have told a He? *-
Chambers— Well, no; I don't wish to be
quite so rude as that, but I will say this—
you'd make a very good weather prophet.
— Chicago Journal.
"What's the cause of that infernal
racket on the floor above?" asked the
customer.
"I think," said the bartender, his cheek
paling as he listened, "it's one of these
Democratic harmony dinners."— Chicago
Tribune.
Fred Milbrook of New York, treasurer
of the Big Four lines, is registered at
the Palace. He is on the coast on ¦, a
pleasure trip and will spend the balance
of the week at Monterev.
General Manager Kruttschnitt of the
Southern Pacific Company departed Sat
urday evening for New York, whither he
was summoned by President E. H. Har
riman. who has just returned from a trip
abroad. -'. ¦/ •- ; .
E. P. Dunn, manager of the Arlington
Hotel of Santa Barbara, Is spending a
few days in the city and is registered
at the Palace.
United States Senator S. M. Cullom and
his family returned from e visit to South
ern California yesterday and are staying
at the Palace.
Count von Lowenstein of Hamburg, who
is making a tour of the United States,
arrived from Los Angeles yesterday and
is reprfstered at the Palace.
¦% Spellacy, an oil man of Bakersfleld,
is at the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. Maddox of Eureka are
guests at the Grand.
Houjjhton Murray, a mining man of
Cisco t is at the Palace.
Banker Blix W. Paxton and wife of
Santa Rosa are at the Palace.
L. M. Mendelsohn, a merchant of Fow
ler, and wife are at the Palace.
Hon. Reginald Black and wife and son
of Sydney are among the latest arrivals
at the Palace. ±::f
P. Rutherford, a "mining man of Agua
Caliente, Mexico, arrived from the south
yesterday and is at the Palace,
CALIFORNIA
CLUB BEGINS
YEAR'S WORK
IN the presence of the "Unspeakable Turk" Europe
hesitates and waits for the coming of a more pro
pitious time to sweep him bag and baggage out
oi her territory and back to his native wastes in Asia.
Thtre are two reasons for the hesitation; in the first
place Europe is not quite sure what she would do
•Afith the country if the Turk were driven out t of it,
and in- the second place she is very doubtfulif the
Tmk could be driven out without so wrecking and
dcs< lating the land that it would not be worth having.
Of the two causes of delay the first is the more
talked about, but the second is the more potent. It
is all very well to say that European nations are too
jealous of one another to be able to agree upon a
definite policy with respect to Turkey, but as a mat
ter of facf they would agree promptly enough if they
were sure the agreement could be carried out with
out costing more than the results would be worth.
Europe managed to partition Africa without .much
trouble, and in times past Russia, Austria and Prus
sia managed to agree upon a partition of Poland
wrlhout any very long discussion. It would be
equally easy for those three powers to agree now
with respect to the partition of Turkey but for the
fact that the Turk is better armed than the Pole was
or the African is, and he is not going to lie down and
be partitioned without a fight.
As a citizen the Turk is bad, as a neighbor he is
troublesome and rude, as a worker he is worthless
and socially he is, vile, but for all that he is a first
class fighting man. There are upwards of 1,000,000
of him, drilled and armed for war, commanded
largely by German officers and equipped with the best
weapons the gun factories of the world can furnish.
He has a large faith in his religion and in the prom
ises it holds out to those who die fighting for Islam
against a heretic foe. Were Europe to enter brashly
upon the task of expelling the unspeakable one there
would result a- struggle that would be even more un
speakable. In the face of such a foe Europe hesi
tates, and Europe is right. There are conditions of
evil that can be much better cured by time than by
the sword, and as matters now stand around Con
stantinople it would seem that to go slow is the
surest way of getting there without losing one or
both feet on the trip. *
THE UNSPEAKABLE TURK
TUESDAY SEPTEMBER 15, i<X>.1
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
¦ « <*r««» All Ccmmunlcctions to W, S. LEIAK.E. Mcnoger.
TELEPHONE.
Act: (-r THE CALL. Tha Operator Will Connect
Yon With the Department You Wish.
PCBMCATIOJf OFFia!...Mnrket and Third. S. F".
i:UITORIAl, nOUMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms bv Vail. Including Postage (Cash With Ordert:
DAILY CALL <lnc!udln* Sunday), on* Y**r. $!*.O©
DAILY CALL ilncJudlnr EunJayj. « mootba 4.OO
DAILY CALL— By 6tn*U Mouth T^ 0
tCNDAT CAXX, Oa« T*«r a - 5< *
WEEKLY CALL, On« Tear *- o(>
f Dally... SS.8O F«r Tear Extra
TORKiaN POTTAGB { Eun<J«y.. 4.16 Per Tear Extra
I Weekly.. l.OO Per Toar Kxtrm,
All Postmaster* ore nr.thorUed to receive
subscriptions.
6*xcp!« ccp'.e* will be forwarded when requested.
Mail rabecrlbers In ordering change of *4<5re«» should be
:«rrtcoJ«r to tfre both NEW AND OLD ADDRKS3 In order
•.o insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICB.
1118 nroBdnny Telephone Mala 1088
DCUKKLCY OFFICE.
S14S Center Street... .Telephone Worth TT
C. GEORGE KROGKESS. Manager Foreign A«rer
vlfttnK, Blarqnette Building:, Chlcatco.
(Lcnc Distance Telephone "Central £619.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
»IOIITO> K. CHAMi HOC G Street, ST. W.
KEW TORK REPRESENT ATTVE:
STEPHEN D. SMITH 30 Tribune Oalldln*-
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAIH/TOX Herald Sqaar*
BRA5CB OFFICE* G27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
cstll 9:80 o'clock. 800 Hare*, open until 9:30 o'clock. 63S
McAllister, open until 9 :30 o'clock. 815 Larkln, open until
1:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
klarket. corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1090 V».
Itsdi. cjx-n until 8 o'clock. 100 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NE. corner Church and Duncan streets, open
until 9 o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky.
open until 9 o'clock. »20o Fillmore. open until 9 o'clock.
A portrait of the Empress Dpwager of China,
painted by an American-artist, is to be exhibited at
the St. Louis Exposition. It certainly will be inter
esting to know what one of the most remarkable
women of modern" times looks like from an Occi
dental and artistic viewpoint. v
On the face of the case Mr. Erivin's friends refuse
to recognize any turpitude in the acts alleged against
him. When a man enters the Government service
acts do not become criminal in him which were legal
and proper before he entered that service. There is
nothing in the law or regulations to make them so.
He may deal in the stocks of corporations organized
undjr the laws of this State, and, not being himself
the public purchasing agent and as such doing busi
ness with himself as a private citizen, he may without
offense take dividends and profits derived from the
sale of any article to the Government.
As for Mr. Erwin, his case can hardly be said to be
one of suspension of judgment on the part of all who
know him. It is rather a delivery of judgment that
the dragnet has caught a gentleman, a good citizen
and an honest man, and that the attempt to convict
him will simply be the measure of some one's need
to hide himself behind the destruction of an innocent
man.
The postoffice scandals happen to be all there is in
sight to excuse a partisan hue and cry against the ad
ministration, and the opposition press is making the
most of it. Many in the Republican party have
wrongly judged that the best way to deal with the
matter is to fling victims, innocent or guilty, to the
Moloch of partisanship. But there are others, rea
sonable men of both parties, who do not indorse such
a sacrifice of blameless men and gentlemen, either to
clear the skirts of a party or furnish means of escape
for the guilty. Such men are calling ci halt to the
policy of indiscrimination, and they regard Mr. Er
win as one of its intended victims whose immolation
they will prevent.
IM their anxiety to justify their employment the
secret service men engaged in investigation of
matters ,'in the General Postoffice seem to ¦ have
done a great deal of dragnetting without regard to
the law or the facts as justification. Among the
victims., of this process is Mr. Erwin, for sixteen
years a responsible, intelligent and industrious officer
of the department, zealous in the discharge of his
duty, and intrusted in Cuba, the Philippines and
Hawaii with the most difficult work of mail service
organization and installment. In everything put in
his hands he has shown the most faithful and useful
service. He is now indicted for conspiracy in con
nection with the. purchase by the department of the
collection indicating device used on mail boxes.
Scarcely without exception the devices for im
proving and expediting the mail service have been
invented by postal employes. The stamping machine,
the street boxes, the country free delivery boxes and
even the sealed envelope and postage stamp were so
invented. There is no law nor regulation to deprive
such an inventor of the right to patent and profit by
his invention. It is nowhere denied that the collec
tion indicator device is useful and necessary. But
the secret service men find that, in their judgment,
its price is too high. An inventor, however, is en
titled to a royalty on his patent in addition to the
cost of manufacturing the article. This seems not
to have been taken into consideration by the secret
service men. If every man is guilty of conspiracy
who docs not disclose to the Government the cost
of producing what it buys of him, the courts will have
little else to do for some years except try conspiracy
cases.
As stated, the case against Mr. Erwin is that he in
troduced the patentee of the indicator device to
Machen. Now it is quite possible that Machen ex
acted a fee for considering the matter. If all that
is revealed about him by Mr. Bristow is true, this is
probably the case, since such conduct would be in
line with his alleged course in other matters. But
if all the gentlemen who introduced others to him
seeking business relations with the department are
indicted for conspiracy, Mr. Erwin will find himself
one of a great and rather respectable company.
THE POSTAL INDICTMENTS.
PERSONAL MENTION
The element of doubt therefore Is eliminated, and one can
enter upon his advertising contracts not as a speculative under-
"With the exception of a few "sold mark" publications, so
called because of the excellent quality of circulation, nd other
papers can secure advertising space In the Roll of Honor, the
charge for which Is 20 cents per line per Issue "under yearly
contract, with 10 per cent discount If entirely . paid In advance.
The protection to patrons of newspapers lies in the assur
ance of Printers' Ink that certain onerous conditions have been
complied with by the publisher, who. having space to sell, rec
ognizes the right of an advertiser to know what he is asked to
purchase, and publicly offers him a perfectly clear and concise
statement of the distribution of his paper, which statement is
made under oath.
-•• whereby the publishers of newspapers may advertise
their publications and at the same time to do so under conditions
created by Printers' Ink In a manner which will protect the
advertiser against misrepresentation. The plan is embodied In
the Printers' Ink "Roll of Honor." wherein no amount of
money can buy a place for a paper not entitled to it.
¦ The conditions are as follows: No paper can «ecure a place
upon the list which has not according? to the 1903 issue of the
American Newspaper Directory submitted for that edition of
the directory a detailed .statement of circulation, duly signed
and dated.
FROM the "Little Red School House," figuratively speak
ing, located at 10 Spruce street, New York City, 1 Printers*
Ink, known throughout the Union as the "LJttle School
master .In the Art of Advertising." has evolved a plan
PROTECTION FOR NEWSPAPER PATRONS
IN "ROLL OF HONOR" OF PRINTERS' INK
A CHANCE TO SMILE
taking, but as a clearly defined business transaction.
To the newspaper itself the opportunity to gain a wider
publicity In a manner which carries with Jt a practical indorse
ment of Its worth by a recognized authority on values is one of
which early advantage should be taken.
One feature of the Roll of Honor which gives It an added
value Is the privilege accorded to a publisher to state the
growth of his circulation weekly, monthly or quarterly, as h©
gees fit, thus giving in convenient form to readers of Printers*
Ink up to date Information regarding his paper.
This plan of Printers' Ink Is certain to grow i n favor witii
responsible publishers, Inasmuch as its promoters are a recog
nized authority on advertising values, and the appearance of
the 'name of a newspaper in every isaue of Printers* Ink as be
ing entitled to the highest consideration on the part of an adver
tiser Is certain to bear satisfactory fruit. And as a right con
ception of It grows with publishers, tho Roll of Honor, which
now comprises only 230 names of publications of every class —
daily, weekly and monthly— will doubtless grow to a volume of
which the originators hardly dared to dream when the plan
was .first contemplated.
The Call is the only morning 1 paper published .la Baa
Fran Cisco which appsars In thi* Boll ef Honor, and it la also
one of "the best three dozen daily newspapers in tie United
States" as selected by Oeorye P. Bowell & Co., publishers of
Printers* Ink and the American Newspaper Directory.
Its selection as one of the best 36 American newspapers
is not only the natural outcome of the policy of its manage
ment, which has gained for it nflminifm to the Roll of
Honor, but substantial recognition of the excellent Quality of
its circulation, which is confined almost exclusively to the
homes.
ism. There can be no question that a special train
ing for hotel-keepers is badly needed, for at the pres
ent time the American commercial traveler has to
carry, an assorted lot of patent medicines in his grip
to redress the evils resulting from the hotel fare.
We may expect that practice to pass and the patent
medicine to fade away from American life when no
man is permitted to run a hotel unless he carries the
degree of B. H. (Bachelor of Hotelerie) from some
epicurean university.
T,HE SAET- FRANCISCO CALL. 1UKBPAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 3903.
• Special information supplied daily to
" business houses and >. public ; men by • tha
i Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 CalU
j Xornia street. Telephone Main lMi •
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles, 50c a pound, in artistic nre
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st.. above Call bid*. •
At a recent sham battle in Leavenworth three of
the spectators, by the collapse of an observation
stand, were killed. Tho people of Leavenworth
should take consolation in the" fact that a sham battle
is not the only American game in which the specta
tors generally get the worst of it.
-¦'¦-. ¦ ¦ -. ¦ ¦¦ -¦>.• , ¦ ¦ ¦ . i „
Oakland may always be counted upon as a con
tributor, unselfish and enthusiastic, to the demands of
modem progress. One of her actors broke a rib the
<nl:cr day as a realistic incident of his melodramatic
conception n{ stage art. The audience accepted the
sacrifice as a partial compensation for the price of
rdmission.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 14.— Andrew Fair,
brother ot»the late James G. Fair, who
was; reported .critically ill yesterday, is
much better. to-day, though he Is not yet
out of danger. ¦;
Andrew Fair Gains Strength.
The Oakland youth who stole a hive of bees and
was robbed of the profit of his venture by the sting
ing objections of the captives must serve an impris
onment of five years for his exploit, j It is thus al
ways with pioneers in any field. They must pay the
penalty of prejudice against invention ' even in
thievery. »
A Texas child swallowed, the other <day. a tov
monkey wrench. 1 his strenuous endeavor of Texan
youth to absorb the instruments of mechanical knowl
edge has the disadvantage of being unreasonably
prejudicial to good health. Texas in its wild youth,
however, is intensely physical, and anybody who can
drink its whisky ought to be able to digest a monkey
6
HAIR WONT FALL OUT
If You Kill the Dandruff Gena With
the New Treatment.
John N. ¥\iUer. a weU-kr.own cltixen of
Colfax. Wash., says: "I had dandruff so
b«dly that Jt caked on tr.y$ealp. Ilerpl-
cld«» completely cured me." George H.
MeWhirk of Wallx WaI!;*. Wash., says:
**H«rptctde completely cured me of a bad
ewse ot dandruff of S« years" standing."
They took the only really sensible
treatment, a remedy that destroys th-
dandruff irerm — Newbro's Hcrpicide. Stop
damimfr, hair went fall out. but will
grow naturally, luxuriantly. AUays Itch-
tn* instantly and maKea hair Klossy anil
«oft »« aUk. On* bo«l* vrtll convinro
any doubter of !t« tnents. Sold- by lead-
Ing drujEstju. Send l<k- in stamps for
»*mpl« to The HcrpickW Co. IfctroU.
Mien,
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.PROMINENT CITIZEN WHO
PASSED AWAY IN THIS CITY
YESTERDAY.
Samuel R. Estvold, owner "of the
schooner Viking, filed a libel in the Unit
ed States District Court yesterday against
€00 skins, comprising part of the cargo of
the vessel, to secure the payment of $1375,
alleged to be due for the charter of the
schooner by Andrew Anderson, C. D."
kadd and Charles Lutgen, who had the
vessel In northern waters on a trading
and sealing expedition from April 22 to
September 12 of this year, at ¦ $275 per
month.
Viking's Cargo Libeled.
In the case of Rose Kellogg for falsely
swearing to an application for a Govern
ment pension. United States Attorney
Marshall B. Wood worth entered a nolle
prosequi in the United States District
Court yesterday.
Mrs. Kellogg is nearly 75 years old and
is an inmate of the Roman Catholic Old
Ladles' Home in this city. A few weeks
before she was indicted ehe applied to be
placed on the pension roll as the widow
of William L. Kellogg of Company H,
California Cavalry, which took part in
the War of the Rebellion. The Govern
ment officers learned that Mrs. Kellogg
had been divorced from Kellogg In 1854,
and that she had taken a false oath when
she Bwore that she was his widow.
Indictment Against Aged Mrs. Kel
logg Dismissed Because of Sym
pathy for Her Helplessness.
MERCY MOVES HEART
OF THE PBOSECUTION
The application of Dr. McNutt for spe
cial letters of administration on the estate
of Miss Clark will come up before Judge
Coffey this morning.
Under the will made by Miss Clark,
and which Is in the possession of Dr. Mc-
Nutt, the entire estate, with the excep
tion of two small bequests, is left to Mrs.
Strohn. That lady and her husband ar
rived in this city Sunday night and the
two othtr sisters of Miss Clark are ex
pected to come here and contest the will,
which has not yet been filed by Dr. Mc-
Nutt.
Ex-Judge Slack was of opinion that
there was no immediate necessity 'for the
application for an administrator and that
propriety demanded that an administrator
should not be appointed until the arrival
of the relatives of the deceased woman In
this city. The attorney for the relatives
had bo informed Dr. McXutt on the day'
of Miss Clark's death, but his sugges
tions were not heeded and the application
for letters of administration was made
the next day and postponed until yester
day by the court.
Maxwell McNutt, in making the appli
cation on behalf of Dr. McNutt, Informed
the court that the property belonging to
Miss Clark included the Studebaker build-
Ing, recently destroyed by fire, and that
an administrator of the estate was neces
sary in order to see that immediate re
pairs to the damaged building might be
carried out.
Judge Kerrigan announced that when
Dr. McNutt applied for letters of admin
istration on the estate the day after Miss
Clark committed suicide, he was of the
opinion that a contest was not imminent
and had therefore assigned the case to
his own court, not being Informed that
relatives were to appear in the matter,
but that the estate was simply to be di
vided in accordance with the will which
Miss Clark Is supposed to have made ju3t
previous to her self-destruction.
Under the circumstances Judge Kerri
gan declined to grant the request of Dr.
McNutt and decided that the matter
should be sent to one of the probate
courts and assigned It to Judge Coffey.
A contest over the estate left by the
late Miss Isabella D. Clark, who com
mitted eulcide at the McNutt Hospital on
September S, Is likely to occur, judging
by the proceedings that took place In the
Superior Court yesterday.
Dr. W. K. McNutt. a friend of long
standing of Miss Clark, again appeared
before Judge Kerrigan and applied for
special letters of administration on the
half-million dollar estate left by the de
ceased woman, but his application was
opposed by ex-Judge Charles W. Slack,
who appeared on behalf of Mrs. Roys N.
Strohn and Mrs. John G. Carter, sisters
of the deceased. A similar protest was
made by Attorney F. Michael, represent
ing Mrs. Jerome A. Hart, another sister
of Miss Clark.
Contest for Estate of
Miss I. D. Clark Is
Imminent.
Booth said he would vote against the
ordinance in its present shape and de
sired to hear from the City Attorney as
to the possibility of opening Seventeenth
street.
"The objections made by Mr. Reed
should receive consideration," said Bran
denstein. "He says that these tracks will
shut out traffic on Sixteenth street. The
objections have npt been met« by Mr.
Burke of the Southern Pacific Company."
"We want a highway 1 to the water
front," said Reed. "We 'can pass two
tracks, but we cannot pass twelve."
Braunhart moved that the ordinance
granting the franchise be amended so
that the tracks on Sixteenth street be
limited to twelve and that the agreement
of the company to widen Sixteenth street
by ten feet be incorporated in the ordi
nance. Brandenstein wanted the board to
hold a special meeting to consider the
question.
Reed vigorously objected to the twelve
track proposition, saying it would be im
possible for heavy teams to cross them.
"We will agree to be limited to twelve
tracks on Sixteenth street." said Jere
Burke of the Southern Pacific Company,
"and widerTthe street by ten feet. If we
are compelled to 'fan out' our tracks be
yond Sixteenth street one-fifth of our ter
minal facilities will be lost for car stor
age purposes."
Attorrf;y Reed asked the board to limit
the tracks on Sixteenth street to two, but
Burke said the company would not con
sent to such a condition. Replying to a
question of Brandenstein as to whether
the company would open Seventeenth
street, Burke said the company would
not under any circumstances relinquish
any Tights to Seventeenth street.
Creek, your committee recommends that the
applications be denied.
Your committee deems it proper to express
Its high appreciation ot the work performed
by tht. engineering department of the Board
of 1'ublic Works, anrf n-ore particularly to
C. F. Grunsky. City Engineer, whose ability
and devotion to rulilic interest have enabled
your committee to at rive at a solution of the
r.ifficult problem iretintcl to It In the con
sideration of the purposed franchise.
"In view of the protests filed here,"
said Supervisor Curtis, "I am not pre
pared to recommend the passage of the
franchise in its present form. I will say
that the changes exacted by City Engi
neer Grunsky in the original ordinance
will cost the railroad company more than
{250,000. We, however, feel that the com
mercial interests of this city demand that
this franchise be granted. It is only
within the last week that the railroad
company evinced any willingness to grant
any concession in the matter of the fran
chise and if. there Is any delay the final
passage of the grant will not be in the
hands of this board."
AGREES TO TWELVE TRACKS.
That excursion of November 4 to the City
of Mexico will be full of interest. Personally
conducted, carries an interpreter, and allows
fiO days' time. Five Pullman vestlbuled sleep
ers and dining-car. Return on regular trains.
Stop-over privileges. Visit to Grand Canyon
optional. Round trip $80. 'Southern Pacific,
Santa Fe. Mexican Central. Itinerary and lit
erature at 013 Market St. *
A Great Outing.
M'NUTT SEEKS
TO ADMINISTER
Your committee, after due deliberation, ha»
deemed it advisable to' recommend tho ac
. ceptance of said propositions In lieu of th«
lecommendatlons herein stated, believing that
the widening- of Fourth and Kentucky streets
would relieve the congestion to traffic that
may hereafter occur.
A proposition made by the company to pur
chase the said market places under the pro
visions of an act of the Legislature, making
It discretionary with the Board of Supervisors
to sell the property ¦ is reported adversely to
by your committee, it being not considered to
be for the beet interests of the city.
¦ The recommendation of the City Engineer
as to the rental to be paid is favorably rec
ommended by your committee, to wit:
"At lease $C0O per month for the first 'five
years and thereafter an amount equal to 3
per cent rer annum on the value of • these
properties, said valuation . in case of disagree
ment to bo determined by arbitration, the city
to select onfi arbitrator, the company another
and thes.6 two to select a third. The valua
tion »o fixed to 1 be final: provided, however,
the rentals after the expiration ¦ of the first
five • years shall at no time be ' leJsa than (75O
Pe NO° n FRANCHISE IN
In the matter of an application for a fran
chise for a steam railroad through . the .' Mia-/
§} on district, and for a railroad alons Islais
WILL BUILD BRIDGE.
The railroad company thereupon made the
following proposal: "That in lieu of the con
struction of the proposed viaduct and the en
trance to the market places, it would con
tribute the sum of $55,000 toward the con
struction Of a bridge across Channel street
from Third to Kentucky, the remainder of the
cost of construction of said bridge to be borne
by the Atchlson, Topeka and Santa Fe Rail
road Company as heretofore agreed to by
said company with this board," and also
"That said company would dedicate or con
vey to the city for street purposes a strip of
land twenty feet In width adjacent to and
widening Fourth and Kentucky streets, cut
from' such property as said railroad company
owns along the northeasterly line of Fourth
street southerly from Channel street and
along the easterly line or Kentucky street,"
thus making a roadway 100 feet wide along
paid ¦ streets.
Another recommendation was that the
Southern Pacific Company dedicate to the city
and county of San Francisco a strip of land
sixty (CO) feet in width, extending along and
adjacent to the- southerly line of Channel
street southwesterly from Fourth street to
parcels of land owned by the city and desig
nated on the official map as market places.
Tho representatives of the company would
not consent to this proposition because if they
agreed to the payment of a rental upon a
Just valuation of the property, it would be,
in their opinion, unjust to exact from it the
setting aside any part thereof for other pur
poses, thus depriving them of the enjoyment of
property for tha leasehold for which the city
was receiving full rental.
i
were changed the Southern Pacific would
pecure practical control of Sixteenth
street.
The report of the Street Committee re
ommending the grant of franchise was
then read as follows:
Ampla provision has been made for proper
compensation to property owners along said j
road whoso property may bo damaged; said [
company agreeing to abide by tho decision :
of the City Engineer in fixing compensation
to be provided in each particular Instance.
One of the recommendations of tho City En
gineer, in order to relieve tho congestion of I
traffic likely to occur on account of the sub- I
sequent Increase in the population of the '•
city, was the construction of a viaduct, when !
required by the Board of Supervisors, extend- i
ing across Brannan and Fifth streets, 'over and"
across the railroad company's property from '
Brannan and Fifth streets to a point near |
the intersection of Sixteenth and Kentucky •
streets, the cost of this structure to bo borne '
Jointly by the v Southem Pacific Company and j
the city and county of San Francisco; said '
railroad company paying three-fourths of said !
cost, including purchase of lands and damages j
to property, and the city bearing one-fourth I
of said cost upon the completion of said via- !
duct.
The representatives of the Southern Pacific !
Company strenuously objected to make any ]
such concession upon the grounds, that the |
proposed viaduct would greatly damage their
property and would involve a complete chango •
of their terminal points, and for these reasons
they could under no circumstances consent to '
the acceptance of a franchise with this con- i
dltlon contained therein.
. Mr. Schwartz was one of the numerous
men of indomitable courage and persever
ance who came to California in the early
days. When twenty years of age he left
his home, Kempen, Germany, where ho
was born fifty-one years ago, and came
direct to California, settling in San. Luis
Obispo and later in this city. As a mer
chant he thrived and accumulated a for
tune, which is said to amount to $1,000,000.
Mr. Schwartz was highly esteemed in
the community and belonged to several
charitable organizations. He was also a
member of the Merchants' Association
and the Board of Trade. He was also
prominent in the Masonic fraternity. The
deceased leaves a widow and two daugh
ters. Miss Florence and Miss Pearl
Schwartz.
Two weeks ago the late Mr. Schwartz
returned from a visit to Guatemala,
where he had large business interests in
conjunction with Adolph Stahl, as a cof
fee planter and banker, and was also
financial agent for the Government of
Guatemala. He had hardly been home
two days before he developed pneumonia,
and, although at one period he was con
sidered to be improving, his heart sud
denly showed signs of weakening and the
end came gradually and peaceably.
ISADOR SCHWARTZ of the well
known firm of Schwartz Brothers,
421 Market street, died yesterday
morning at his residence, 2231 Clay
street, after a brief illoess.
Isador Schwartz Dies
After Suffering Brief
WOULD LIMIT TEACKS.
"We ask that a reasonable limit b*
placed on the number of tracks to be laid
on Sixteenth street," said Whittely, "and
that no 'frogs' or movable switches be
permitted on the tracks."
Whittely then submitted an agreement
in writing to the foregoing effect. . .
George Center said that unless the plans
AH these reasons make it Imperative that
Sixteenth street should not be obstructed by
ten to twenty tracks. The franchise should
allow* the railroad to cross Sixteenth street
with only two tracks, and the tracks should
fan out north of Sixteenth . ftreet to the
Southern Pacific terminus and should not fan
out south of Sixteenth street. This is the
main objection which I offer here, and the one
evil of all others which I ask you to rectify.
The Real Estate and Development
Company, by Fred Clark, president,
owner of five and a half blocks of land on
Sixteenth street, petitioned the board to
Impose, among other conditions, that no
frogs, switch throws or movable lead
rails be permitted to be laid on Sixteenth
street, and that a definite limit be placed
upon the number of tracks that may
cross Sixteenth street.
H. 8. Whittely, secretary of the Real
Estate Company, said his company was
willing to donate five feet along Sixteenth
street to widen the street if the Southern
Pacific would donate five feet for the
same purpose, or else, if the tracks were
placed on tho north side of the street his
company would donate five feet, and asks
the railroad company to ' buy five feet
along Sixteenth to widen the street.
Material sheds are to be built on Seven
teenth street. Although the streets In that
neighborhood have been closed, the property
of the city In them has not been abandoned.
If the Southern Pacific is to use the streets
of the city without compensation, they should
adequately provide against the Inevitable con
gestion of trucking on Sixteenth street by
granting an Increased width of street.
The Santa Fe has already asked for addi
tional franchise west of Seventeenth street;
all the more should Sixteenth street be kept'
open and widened.
Traffics from the Mission district demands a
highway to the water front. There is now
none but on Sixteenth street. ' The building
of the bridge will not give this highway. The
grade of 5 per cent is prohibitive of heavy
trucking. A
Kentucky street is to be widened as an oft
eet to relinquishing the bridge on Fifth street.
Much more should Sixteenth street be widen
ed. Looking ahead twenty-fjve yearn, we shall
see the railroad business of San Francisco
concentrated around the China, basin. We
shall also see the manufacturing industries
largely concentrated In the Mission district.
Sixteenth street should be widened In order
to afford an outlet for this traffic. One street
in entirely Insufficient for the business of the
future. The one street to be utilized should
be a broad highway.
John Deahl objected to the grant of
franchise on the ground that no provis
ion has been made for an outlet to the
marketplace lots which it is proposed to
lease to the Southern Pacific Company.
"I want this board to compel the com
pany to build an approach to the lots,"
said Deahl, "otherwise they will be of
no value to any one except to the com
pany. If this approach is exacted I am
ready to bid more than $600 per month
which the company agrees to pay as len
tal. I want those blocks to be put in
such a condition that they will be of per
manent value to the city. The company
says you ask too much when you a9k it
to reserve a strip of land through the
marketplace lots for a street, but I
would like to ask in what particular the
railroad company has shown itself to be
generous?"
Charles Wesley Reed, attorney for pro
testants, said that the specific ground of
objection was that the company was to be
permitted to "fan out" its tracks on Six
teenth street and it should be required to
go beyond Sixteenth street for that pur
pose. Reed then read the following state
ment:
J. H. Eells, attorney for some of the
protestants, said there would be no access
to the water front for heavy teaming on
Sixteenth street if sixteen tracks were
allowed to cross the street named and
heavy teams would be compelled to go a
roundabout way for two miles and this
would mean a practical confiscation of
lands utilized for manufacturing and in
dustrial purposes.
"The property owners are willing to put
up with the inconvenience of two tracks
on Sixteenth street," said Eells, "and the
railroad company should be willing to
'fan out' its tracks on its own land be
yond Sixteenth street. We ask that the
clause granting the company the right to
use ten or more tracks on Sixteenth
etreet be amended so as to limit the
number of tracks to two."
The protest of property owners against
granting a franchise for all tracks asked
for by the Southern Pacific Company on
Sixteenth street was read by the clerk.
The protest Is signed by tho Potrero
Nuevo Land Company, George Center, A.
F. Morrison, R. S. Moore and Andrew
Moore, Claub Stfreckels by A. B. Spreck
els, his attorney in fact; N. Ohlandt &
Co., H. W. Newbauer, Wilson
Company. C. L. Tilden and Union Oil
Company. The protest says In part:
We are not opposed to the granting of the
main franchise, but do emphatically oppose
the granting of the franchise for all the
tracks asked on Sixteenth street. The South
ern Pacific Company proposes to fan out all
their tracks in 6uch a manner as to appro
priate Sixteenth street from Sixth- to Ken
tucky. This destroys the one outlet, to the
water front of an entire district, which is
being utilized for manufacturing purposes.
We petition your honorable board to deny the
right of the Southern Pacific Company to fan
out its tracks on Sixteenth street in the man
ner proposed and further petition your board
to deny said company any rights on said Six
teenth etreet until It shall agree to deed to
the city of San Francisco additional property
twenty feet in width from Mississippi street
to the -water front, to be used for the widen
ing of Sixteenth street.
WOULD OBSTRUCT TEAMING.
The vigorous protest of property own
ers against the proposed grant of fran
chise to the Southern Pacific Company
for a bay shore line with respect to the
privilege of laying many tracks across
Sixteenth street bo as to obstruct traf
fic resulted in action thereon being post
poned yesterday by the Board of Super
visors until next Thursday at 2 p." m.,
when the bill will be made a special order
on passage to print.
The debate on the question was long
and at its close the ordinance was
amended so as to permit of twelve tracks
on Sixteenth street instead of ten or
more, as the original bill provided." The
company further agreed to widen Six
teenth street on Its northerly side from
Seventh street to the water front by ten
feet and In that Fhape some of the Su
pervisors desired to vote on the bill, but
others successfully pleaded for postpone
ment of action.
Heavy Business Concerns Will Insist
on Access to the Water
Front and Cheap
Freights.
Supervisors Postpone Action
on Petition for Bay
Shore Line.
The Board of Works was requested to
expend $75 for surveying the land in the
University Mound district to definitely de
termine the lines of Twenty-seventh ave
nue South, in order that the obstructions
thereon may be removed. •
Grades were ordered changed at certain
points on Masonic, Buena Vista and Tre
mont avenues and Congress, Tennessee,
Twentieth, Java, Jones and Francisco
streets.
Auditor Baehr put a force of clerks to
work entering the raise on the assess
ment books, .but says that it applies so
far only to the State tax. Baehr, how
ever. Is of the opinion that the raise af
fects the city's levy, but will await the
opinion of the City Attorney before en
tering the valuation for the' city's tax
rate on the rolls. Assessor Dodge is of
the contrary opinion, and points to a pre
cedent In 1892, when the raise of 15 per
cent was made to\apply only to the valu
ation for the State tax, the lower valua
tion as returned by the Assessor being
used to calculate the city's taxation.
The resolution authorizing the Hassell
Audit Company to continue the work of
experting the books and accounts of the
County Clerk's office and appropriating
the sum of $2500 out of the urgent neces
sity fund to defray the expenses of the
work was passed to print.
The resolution authorizing the payment
of $770 to J. J. Hassell and his employes
for expert services In the County Clerk's
office was finally . passed.
The United Railroads was requested to
pay the sum of $18,846 38 into the city
treasury as percentage of Its gross re
ceipts of $916,295 72 on various branches.
Resolved, That the City Attorney is hereby
requested to inform this board whether or not
the raise as levied by the State Board of
KquallzaUon affects the assessment roll of
this city as fixed by this board on July 6, 1903.
so far as it applies to city purposes.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday re
quested the City Attorney for an opinion
as to whether the raise made by the State
Board of Equalization applies to the val
uation upon which the city's tax rate of
$1,076 is based. The resolution on the sub
ject which was adopted follows:
Whereas The State Board of Equalization
did upon September 10, 10tK3. Increase the as
sessment roll of the county of San Francisco*
by raising the same 30 per cent; and
Whereas, This Board of Supervisors did
upon July 6. 1903. fix the rate of taxation
fox city and county purposes upon an assess
ment roll of $422,000,000; therefore, be It
Experts Will Continue Inves
tigation of^County Clerk's
Records.
Property - Owners Op
pose Grab of Six
teenth Street.
Board Asks Legal Opin
ion as to Action of ,
Equalizers.
FRANCHISE
IS BLOCKED
BY PROTESTS
SEEKS ADVICE
ON TAX RAISE
WORTHY MAN
OF BUSINESS
PASSES AWAY
THE SAN >FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1903.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR.'CHARLES FLESH FOOD
Fop the Form and Complexion.
_-jt»r^ Has been success-
fully used by lead-
fitSSy' V»** lnK actresses, slnic-
/j^S[i "22 rT3 an( * women of
j^Mra fiL&PX fashion for more
KgCr »' '^Sf than 2. r > years.
ygpg ««* j» Wherever applied
*iJ5 TT# lt ' 3 instantly ab-
y,/ sorbed . through the
W *1T poreg of the J skin,
. /' , i and Its wonderful
J7' V nutrition feeds the
f wasting tissues.
A-—^ ' BEMOVXITCI
*''!*J')Gr"> . VAs If by magic, one
**iWTt> 141 application often
\*^fA<f/VJ showing a remark-
• *-* ' ' able Improvement. •
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD Is positively
the only preparation known to medical science
that will round out hollows In the nesk and
produce firm, healthy flesh on thin cheeks,
armB and hands.
FOB DEVEIiOFIlHJ THE BUST J
Or breasts shrunken from nursing it has the
highest indorsement of physicians. Two boxes -
are * often sufficient to make the bust firm,
laree and beautiful.' . - i
SOLD BY THE EMPORIUM AND OTHER
DEPARTMENT STORES AND DRUGGISTS.
¦Regular price, 11.00 a box. but to air who
take advantage of this SPECIAL. OFFER and
send us one dollar we will Bend two (2) boxes,.
In plain wrapper. " r •
F op c — A sample box '. and our book,
K t» H"ART OF MASSAGE," fully illus-
trated, will be «ent free to any lady sending
10 cents to pay for cost of mailing. Address
DR. CHARLES CO., 19 Park Place, New York.
_*_7>VEBTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Kind You Have Always Bought has borne the signa-
ture of Cbas. ir. Fletcher, and has been made under his
personal supervision for over 30 Tears. Allow no.ono
to deceive yon in this. Counterfeits, Imitations and
•'Just-as-good." are but Experiments, and endanger tho
licalth of Children— Experience against Experiment.
What is CASTORIA
Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare-
goric, Drops and -Soothing: Syrups. It is Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other Narcotic
substance. Its age is its guarantee. It destroys Worms
and allays Fevenshness. It cures Diarrhoea and Wind
Colic. It relieves Teething Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates tho
Stomach and Bowels, giving healthy and natural sleep.
The Children's Panacea— The Mother's Friend.
The Kind You toe Always Bought
jn Bears the Signature of . immi1 m
In Use For Over 30 Years.
TMC eCNTAU* COMMNV. TT MURRAY STRCCT. NfWVOKK CITY.
AMUSEMENTS.
|fAb8FQRNTj\|
ft. J I Greatest Laughing: Piecs In )r\
V 1 Years. J* 1
A Friend of the Family.
Featuring George B&rnum, for years
leading comedian with May Iiwln. and
Alice Johnson, leading lady of the orig-
inal Frawley Company.
NEXT SUNDAY,
Mr. Samuel Thall offers I«ad©r#*~* 5| tVU-
mark's Famous Comedy Ooera.
THE CHAPERONS.
First Bir Musical Comedy.
50 — Singing- People — 50.
— — ¦ ,1 .Augmented Orchestra. IflBBB
I|l SEATS NOW SELLING. |fcf
IIhelatku
E. ROUSBY'S Latest Spectacular Novelty.
"IN FV\RIS"
An Electrical Review in Four Tableaux.
Arnesen; James Richmond Glenroy;
Princess Losoros; Frederic Bond
and Company; Original Rio Broth-
ers; Almont and Dumont; Fischer
and Wacker and the Biograph.
Reserved Seats, 25c ; Balcony, 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs. 50c.
SAME OLD STORY —
SAME BIG CROWDS^
SAME GREAT ENTHUSIASM
I "The Glad Hand" and "Tha Con-carers" I
Our "All-Star" Cast, Including;
KOLB AND DILL,
BARNEY BERNARD.
WINFIELD BLAKE.
HARRY HERMSEN. i
MAUDE AMBER,
ELEANOR JENKINS.
RESERVED SEATS— Nights. 25c. 5Oc and
75c. Saturday and Sunday Matinees, 25c and
50c. Children at Matinees. 10c and 25c.
' » ¦
Belasco & Mayer, Proprietors.
Market st., near Eighth. Phone South 633.
TO-NIGHT, ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Magnificent Production ot the Gorgeous Mili-
tary Spectacle,
SGHEBRTKEK
An Augmented Cast and Stage Settings of
Oriental Splendor.
DDircC Evenings 10c to 50c
TAltCJ Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
Week of Sept. 21— AFTER DARK.
ALCAZARISS^S
Belasco & Mayer. Proprietors. . .Phone Alcazar.
E. D. PRICE, General Manager, j
TO-NIGHT — THIS WEEK ONLY.
. First Time Here of )
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In Sudermann's Masterpiece.
• •» JJ\ rTlVJ 1 — 0 J~\mm»
Evenings, 25c to 75c; Sat. Mat.. 15c to 60c.
fiVERY THURSDAY MATINEE
D'ANNUNZIO'S GIOCONDA.
WHEN NIGHT PRICES WILL PREVAIL.
ART PROGRAMME SOUVENIR.
' Next Week— MISS ROBERTS In ' -
THE ADVENTURE OF THE LADY URSULA.
GRAND So E^
San FraDGisco Symphony Society,
. FRITZ SCHEEL, CONDUCTOR.
NEXT SPLENDID CONCERT.
TDE8DAT AFTERNOON. SSPTZXBX& 15
AT a: 15.
A Magnificent Programme Including Selections
¦ - From
..^PARSIFAL... |
All tickets are good for Tuesdays ot tne
came week they are dated. ¦
PRICES... Ml 50. $1 25, 60c.
Tickets at Sherman. • Clay ft Co. 'a.
On days of concerts at the Grand Opera
House. ¦ . ~ ';:»'¦¦
I Absolute purity is
the char act ens tio
that has made I
I the standard or excel" I
1 j • i I
I lence-tnere is no better I
I . Deer brewed and Paost
I acme or rabst brewing
\ \ Orders filled by |
t j Thomas W. Collins & Co., Telephone Grant 149. |
MINERAL SPRINGS,
Located cine miles northeast of lied Biuff on
the line of the Southern Pacific Railway.
C«cea of RHEUMATISM, GOUT AND ALi
ELOOD DISEASES WILL BE ACCEPTED
VNDER A GUARANTEE THAT THEY WILL
EE CURED WITHIN A SPECIFIED TIME
OR ALL EXPENSES. INCLUDING RA1L-
XYA.T FARE. WILL BE REFUNDED.
These wonderful sprints can be reached by
the Southern Pacific Company's cyctem of rail-
ways and its connections throughout the United
Etfttea
Far rate* of fare and routes of travel apply
to any 6outh«rn Pacific Railroad Agent.
For guarante« or reference to cures effected
eddrett Medical Department. Tuscan Mlseral
Fprlngs Corp-. Tuscan. Cal.
IDEAL WEATHER
IS TEE ESPKlfSSION OP
ztvxbt one Ax.oxra the
California Northwestern R'y
The Pictnrcsqac Route of California.
Ticket Office* of the Company. €50 Market
rtreet (Chronicle Building), and Tiburon Ferry.
foot of Market street. General Offices. Mu-
tual Life Building, corner of Sansome and Cal-
ifornia etretts, San FrancUeo.
H. C. WHITIXG. R. X. ItYAN.
Gen'l. Manager. Gen'L Pass'r. Agent.
PARAISO SPRINGS
MOlfTEEET COTJWTY, CAL.
The leading Summer Resort of the
Pacific Coast. Hot Soda and Sulphur
Baths, large Swimming Tank, first-
class table. Send for beautiful illus-
trated booklet and rates to F. W.
Schroeder, Manager, or San Francisco
Agent, II Montgomery street.
DEER
HUNTING.
If you want to set a deer, go to WMllu,
etop at tfca Willlts Hotel. Mendocins County
Is beet hur.tinc eround In the State near ta
Ban Francisco. Deer reason open until Sep.
tetnber SO. WM. WEIGAND. Prop.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS
OPEN ALL YEAR ROL'ND. Natural hot
sulphur eprinfz. temperature 115 degrees. N'j
etsxln*. Fare (1 10. Pure cure for rheuma-
tism, asthma, kidney and liver trouble*. Tub
and hot plunge baths. The largest mineral
water swimming tack In the State. Compe-
tent lady and gentlemen masseurs, swimming
tf-acher. Special rates from now on. Pock's,
11 Montgomery at. THEODOR RICHARDS.
Agua Callente. Sonoma Co.
YJCHY SPRINGS.
I c:>s from Cklah. Mendoclno Co. Natural
electric waters, champagne baths. Only place
:a the world ot this class. Fishing, huntlnc.
1-rvmia.l Sorincs. Accommodations: table first-
J A RKDEMKTER « CO.. Prop..
Dr. Lyons
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
Used bj people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century
PREPARED BY
For Stomach Disorders .
Cout and Dvsoepsla
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
A. VTGNIEB. CO., Ban Francisco.
AMUSEMENTS.
LAST 5 NIGHTS.
MATIXEES "VTEDNESDAY and SATXTRDAT.
HENRY MILLER
AND
HARQARET ANQLIN
Season. First Time Here.
"THE AFTERMATH."
An Adaptation by Henry Miller cf Geors*
Ohnet'a Novel. "Le Maitre des FonceV'
NEXT MONDAY— Henry W. Savage an-
nounces the Merriest Musical ConWy,
PI? I IV {^P Pixley and Luders.
rlVlllVl^ Authors of
Qp "Kins Dodo."
OH CTIZ?XT "Alderman?—
* * *-<*^-'*-*A Statesman."
SEAT3 READY THURSDAY.
TIV0Li:%5&
(NOTE. — Performances commence at 8 sharp.
Matinee on Saturday at 2 sharp.)
TO-NIGHT
And also on Thursday and Sunday evenings,
Saturday matinee, Cellini's Grand Opera.
"LA SONNAMBULA"
"Wednesday, Friday and Saturday evenings,
Verdi's Immortal Work,
"IL TROVATORE."
NEXT ¦WEEK— "Carmen" and "Traviata,"
PRICES AS USUAL— 23c, 50c.. 73c.
Telephone — Bush 9.
MATIXEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Every lady and child presented with a «ou-
venlr picture of one of the Pollards at all
matinees.
THIKD WEEK
POLLARD LILLIPUTIAN OPERA CO.
TO-NIGHT
And To-morrow Night, the American Versioa
of the Sparkling Musical Comedy
THE LADY SLAVEY
Thursday Friday and Saturday Xifrhts «nd
Saturday Matinee. 'THE GEISHA."
PRICES — Evenings 13c. 25c. 5Oc. 75c
Matinees 15c. 25c. SOo
Eddy St., Above Mason.
POSITIVELY LAST FIVE NIGHTS.
The XVth Century Morality Play.
EVERYMAN
Farewell Matinees, Thurs. anf Sat. at 3.
Reserved Seats. $1, $1 M> and ii.
Box Office, Sherman, Clay &. Co.'s.
Comlflff— AUGUSTA COTTLOW. Pianlste.
SATURDAY, September 19. «t 8 p. m.. la
STEIN WAY HALL.
The Initial piano recital of the season will b« ¦
given, with Mr. Perclval K. Van Yorx at
THE ANQELUS.
Soloist, Mrs. Lillian Birmingham, contralto,
who will sing the "Elllland Cycle of Songs."
by A. vcn Flellta. This has never before been
done with the accompaniment of a mechanical
piano player.
Complimentary tickets may be secured at our.
store any time before the recital.
SHERMAN", CLAY & CO., Kearny and Sutter .
Sts.
JOHN LeTcLAIR
The Artistic Comedy Juggle^ and a
GREAT SHOW EVERY AFTERNOON AND
EVENING IN THE THEATER.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
VISIT THE-^~- V '
"MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE"
AMATETJB OTOHT THUXSDAT.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN'. Sc.
When Phoning; Ask for "The Chute*."
Palace D0N ' T fail to -
1 aiaWW gee beautiful ,
j\ COURT Lounging
a fin room, the EMPIRE
uuu PARLOR, the
r -« - A PALM ROOM, the
; lirana louis xv par-
"* "H. •; LOR, and the LA-
U~lA~ DIES ' WRITING
Hotels roomPLAINTIFF IN THE DAMAGE SUIT . AGAINST. WILLIAMS AND
BEALE AND TWO OF THE OPPOSING COUNSEL EXAMINING
EXHIBITS IN THE CASE IN JUDGE SLOSS' COURT.
"But I have enough to pay for this
suit, if necessary, maybe," snapped Wil
liams as he passed Johnson's desk.
"Well, any great display of confidence
is possibly ill-timed," returned Johnson,
and he called Beale to answer the same
question.
Beale stated that he possessed between
a half a million and ,u million dollars.
The prosecution then announced that to
morrow morning they will finish their side
of the suit and # court adjourned..
"That will do," said Johnson.
"Mr. Williams, state your present finan
cial worth,'" suddenly exclaimed John
son.
"Well, between a million and a million
and a half."
"Mr. Williams, take the stand," then
said Attorney Hiram Johnson. Williams
compiled.
sicians who attended -to Marriott's
wounds, both at the sanatorium and In
his residence, then gave expert testimony
as to the character of his wounds. Upon
an artificial limb they pointed out the
spots where the bullets had entered Mar
riott's injured member. Attorney Dunne,
evidently not satisfied with this demon
stration by model, sought to have Mar
riott disrobe and disclose the actual
wounds to the jury. Johnson protested
and Judge Sloss reserved his decision on
the point until he could consult authori
ties.
Pitt«burc 2 7 5
Philadelphia : ....-O-IO 17 0
Batteric* — Pfeister. Kennedy-* and:- Phelps;
Dugpleby and Dooin. Umpire— O'Day.
CINCINNATI, Sept. 14.— Cincinnati took the
St. Louis. '...:*. -. 0 0 5
New York 5 4 0
Battt'deg— O"Neil and Ryan; Ames and War
ner. Umpires — Moran and Johnstone.
PITTPBURG. Sept. 14.— After Philadelphia
had made eight hits and eix runs Kennedy was
put in in the fifth inning, but nothing could
stop the visitors' batting. Pittsbunr"* work
was miserablp. both at bat and in the field.
Attendance, 1756. The score: '•,•¦'
>„ R. II. 'E.
First frame — R, H. E.
£t. Louif ' 2 » 4
N«w York •'•'*•"•£• 8 12 1
Batteries — McFarUnd **»d Ryan; Taylor and
Warner.
Second same— R. H. E.
ST. I>OCIS, Sept. 14.— St. Louie lost both
camet of « aouble-beader here to-day to the
New Tork Club. In the first game the visit
ors pounded McParlar.d hard. In the second
patne. Ames. New York's new pitcher, made his
debut a* a major leajrue box wonder. St.
Louie had not made a hit oft him when the
frame wa* called at th* end of the fifth Inning
on account of darkness. Attendance, 1895.
tNATlONAL. LEAGUE
ST. I/OTJIS TEAM LOSES
TWO GAMES TO NEW YORK
I? early 200 Portuguese, with their "wives
and families, making In all ¦ between 400
and 500 people, are here from all over. the
State to take part in the festivities. They
began arriving yesterday morning, the
first delegation coming from the metropo
lis. They were met at the depot by a're
ception committee from San ;Joaquin
Council No, 33, "the local lodge, which is
entertalningi the visitors. ' The greater
number of the delegates ( did not [ arrive
unfll this evening. < ; :
This morning ajt- 1 o'clock the festivi
ties were opened with services in St."
Mary's Catholic Church. Before attend
ing the services at the ' church ; the dele-
Rates held a street parade. At the church
there, was a high mass, which 'was cele
brated by Vthe Rev. Father O'Connor.
Services were then held in Portuguese.
STOCKTON, Sept. 14.— Stockton is now
In the hands of the I. D. E. S., the Cali
fornia Society of Portuguese, which has
come here to hold its eleventh - annual
Grand Supreme Council and celebrate
"The Feast of the Holy Ghost." The ses
sion convened this afternoon at 1 o'clock
and for four days the Grand Council will
be In. session.
Special Dispatch to The Call. "•"
Prominent Society Is
Greeted by Stockton
Executive.
Boston 2^~ 8 3
New York » 4 8 2
Batteries — Dineen and J. Stahl; Chesbro and
Beville. .
"WASHINGTON*. Sept. 14.'— Washington bare
ly escaped a * shut-out at the hands of the
Philadelphtans . to-day, scoring their only run
in the last inning. Attendance, 9655. - Score:
..... • R. H. K.
Washington ,- v 1 6 ' 8
Philadelphia .13 15 0
Battedes — Patton and KlUredge; Pinance,
Henley fnd Schreck, •-•;
DETROIT* Sept. 14.— The local season ended
this afternoon with a double-header between
Detroit and Chicago. The teams split even.
Attendance. 2812. Scores: >.. ¦
Fin«t game — R. H; E.
Detroit 5 M 1
Chicago 1 ,*i -•> 2
Batteries — Kissinger and McGulre; Flaherty
and Slattery.
Second game-*- ) H. H. E.
Detrcit •..«..• 11 5
Chirapo .....'....;.. 10 12 2
Batteries — Mullen and McGuire: Owen and
Lull! van. • ¦
BOSTON. Sept. 14. — New Tork won .to-day's
game by bunching hits oft Dineen In the sixth
inning. Attendance. 4021. The score:
R. H. E.
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Chicago 6 10 2
Brooklyn ., 2 6 4
Batteries— Taylor and Kling; O. Jones and
Hitter. Umpire — Emsile.
last game of the series frcm the Bostons to
day' by giving Plttinger an unmerciful pound-
Ing. Attendance. 1711. Score:
Clnclftnati 11 1»' i
Boston 4 8 1
Batteries— Phillips and Peltz; Pittlnger ana
Moran. Umpire— Huret.
, CHICAGO. Sept. 14.— By bunching their hltf
in the opening Innings the locals defeated
Brooklyn easily to-day. Attendance, 1000. The
score:
R. H. E.
Peter: Busch, a teamster living at 1C6
Perry street, who was stabbed below the
heart by a Greek peddler on 'Washington
street wharf on September 8, swore to a
complaint before Police Judge Mogan yps
terday charging his assailant with as
sault to murder. The warrant was made
for the arrest of "John Doe," as Busch
does not know the peddler's name.
Busch Swears to Complaint.
SLASHES THROAT
ON A SIDEWALK
Cholame Man Attempts
Suicide in San Luis
Obispo.
SAN LUIS • OBISPO, Sept. 14.— Dan
Dougherty, who ha| been a resident of
the neighborhood of Cholame for five or
six years, went Into - Howell' s store this
morning- and asked for a pistol. There
being none kept in the store, he asked for
a razorr and one being shown him he
purchased it. He then immediately
walked out of the store and going to the
edge of the sidewalk sat down upon the
curbing. : '' v 't-'%"'£
' Several'minutes later some blood at his
feet , attracted the attention j of bystand
ers. Dougherty was addressed by one of
the men. but made no, reply. His head
was noticed to be In a. peculiar position
and when it was lifted ,uj) it was discov
ered that he had cut his throat from ear
to ear and the blood was flowing pro
fusely.
' When his condition was discovered
Dougherty, struggled to free himself and
insisted that he wanted' to die. He was
attended ; by Drs. : Cox and Knowl ton and
was : taken to the County Hospital. He
may recover.
ENTOMBED MINEBS DIG
THEIR WAY TO RESCUERS
Four Arizona Men Have a Narrow-
Escape From Death Under
the Ground.
TUCSON, Ariz., . Sept. 14,-Four \ miners
were entombed j for eight hours on Sun
day in the Holbrook shaft of the Copper
Queen mine at JBtsbee and were released
only after heroic efforts by a rescue party.
Thi3 Is the second accident and imprison
ment that has occurred in the past three
weeks. . A great mass of earth between
the tunnel at the 100 and 300 foot levels
caved in, , cutting oft the exit of D. V.
Ringland, John Roaghan, A. J. Johnson
and Taylor Runz, who were working In
the -300-foot ; tunnel. ¦•-
The first rescue party was led by Harry
Barksdale,. shift boss of the mine, but
their efforts to signal to , the entombed
men were without avail and the report
soon spread over the camp that the four
men , had . perished. After . four ' hours , of
hard work ; the first | rescue party gave up
the . task ; and a : second ' party , located the
imprisoned ': men, who were : themselves
tunneling - through ; the loose * earth that
had filled up the passageway. The rescue
party descended to'the 400-foot level and
reascended by-a- small, shaft, to the 300
foot level, where they began tunneling,
and after," several hours of .hard > work
the ,. rescue. 'party and the entombed
miners met.*
The Rev. Earl "Wilfley. pastor of the
Newcastle (Pa.) Christian Church/occu
pied the pitcher's box at a game of base
ball played by local clubs last week?
The will of the late Mrs. Elizabeth
Fi^ke was filed for probate yesterday. It
is a holographic document. It provides
that out of her $20,000 estate her two
daughters by her former marriage shall
each receive 1500 and that the residue
shall go to her two daughters by her last
marriage, E!!a W. Marman and Alice
Todd. They are also named as executrices
of the will.
Leaves Estate to Daughter,
Sixth race— Wild Pirate, Setauket,
Past. - .
GRAVESEND SELECTIONS.
By the Now York Telegraph.
First race — The Guardsman, 0s
gfood, Sweet Alice.
Second race — The Minute Man,
Mineola, Graceful.
Third race^ — Irene Lindsay, Van
Ness, The Musketeer.
Fourth, race — Wyeth, Eugenia
Burch. Injunction.
Fifth race — No selections.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, selling
— Athelroy !»6. Past 9S. Lord Turco 92. Dark
Planet 02. Kingraine 10G, Knight of the'Gar
t*r 101. Satire 100, Pv.amplands 1C5, Hacken-
Kark 97. The Rhymer 107, Setauket 101, Uou
tonniere »4. Wild Pirate 103, Prancer 1O3, ,Mc-
M-'k;:i 107. Choate 10€.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs, two
year-old maiden fillies — Mis» Melton 110. Hor
t<-n*ia 110, Gananopue 110. Sonoma Belle 110.
Miss Fhylork 110, Privilege 110. IViEtina 110,
Gs* L.izzeUe 110. Fog 1W, Cantaloupe 110.
J-a<3y Mirthful 110. Outcome 110. Quick Step
110 Gamestrest 110, Belle of Bellemeade 110,
Uufdette 110.
Fourtfe rare. op<- and an eighth miles, all
age?, handicap — Caugrawaga l"t>. Injunction
US, Duke ofl Kendall 115, Wyeth 112. Kug^nia
Hurch 110, F*ro!ler '.#, I>ord Badge US, SheiifT
Btll 97. Himself »s. Ai>ril Shower 95, Gold
Bell ML
Third race, about six furlongs, the Bayshore.
celling — Counter) >oise 'M, falvatella 'J'i, Name
tor 113. Futurita UK*. Tain O'Shanter 104.
Highlander 108. Trinity !?«?!! 10X Mamie Worth
109. Van Ness 106. SaKU 107, Parifienne 107.
Eva Rus?e!l 'M, W.vejlt-ld 1OT.. Irene Undxey
US. Athlana 1<Kl. Tiiornycroft H>:{, King Pepper
]<:?;. The Muskwwr JOV
GRAVESEND ENTRIES.
NEW YORK. Sept. 14. — Gravesend entries:
KirM race, altout s=ix furlong*, selling, three
yfar-olds — Sweet Alice 1U3. Clncinnatus 10*. Our
Nugget 101. Lass o' I-.lr.den US, Tarn O'^hanter
103 Erne 101, Prairie Flower 9.i. Wyefield H;:>.
Interval 93. Cappamore 03, Princess Tulane '.»«<_
Dekaber 1C2. Orion* 105. Prince Ching 10S,
Judge Fulion 93. Counterpoise 103. The Guards
man 1C3. Cactalian 105. Oegood 1CM. Klla S?ny
der a*-. '
Second raoe.Cfive and a half furlongs, two
y»ar-old?—Blytlifnefi. B9. dovis 102, Molinos
KiT. Mineola 104, Masedu 107, Pategonlan 10:.'.
M"rry Moment* 10, Graceful 104, Shady Lad
US. The Minute Man 107. Topic !1:», Tomcod
107. Bryn Mawr IBS, Vibrator 102. I^udy Badge
»». Btr Oarter 98.
"Upon returning to the hall the delegates
and other visitors assembled and Mayor
Williams welcomed the society in a short
address, turning over the keys of the city.
The Grand Supreme Council met this
afternoon at 1 o'clock, Grand President P.
J. Rose of Castroville presiding. The
greater part of the>fternoon was taken
up with organization. '
A Portuguese sermon was preached by
Father d'Govero of Centerville, in which
he touched upon subjects of Interest to
the society.
Marriott then detailed the events sub
sequent to the shooting; how he was car
ried to the Waldeck Sanatorium and there
submitted to three operations during the
first six weeks of his convalescence. - He
gave a memorandum of the bills incurred
by him, which amounted to over $2500 for
physicians alone.
At the afternoon session Beale and Wil
liams were present to listen to the cross
examination of their accuser by Attorney
Dunne. He carried Marriott back over
every step of' the transactions of the
night of September 3, plying him with a
thousand queries warranted to entrap him
into fatal admissions or contradictions.
By constantly referring back to the testi
mony given by Marriott in the two for
mer criminal trials in which he has been
the prosecuting witness, Dunne succeeded
in forcing the witness to make several
minor discrepancies in his story.
'Dr. Maurice Herzsteln, Dr. -\v\ Hunt
ington and Dr. G. A. Bucknall, the phy-
GRILLING CROSS QUESTIONS.
I then turned to run. hurried up the stairs,
and was Just rounding the turn when the shoot
ing began. The first shot missed. The second
went through the fleshy part of my left leg
and the third entered tho same limb, eleven
inches from the ground, breaking "both bones.
When the shooting began my wife, who had
been in the nursery, rushed out to where I
was on the stairs, crying: "Shoot me instead,"
or something like that. -• - .
a bone in it was broken from another blow
from the revolver. . *— ,
First race — Proceeds, Sweetie,
Bowena.
Second race — Oliver Me, Moranda,
Hand vice.
Third race — Don Domo, Copper
field, Allista.
Fourth race — Brulare, Ahola, Sid
ney C. Love.
Fifth race — O'Hagen, Lodestar,
Compass.
Sixth race — Quiz II, Planudes, St.
Tammany.
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
Bv thp Chicago Inter Ocean.
Sixth race, six furlongs — Serpent 112. Pla
nudes 112. Zella Knight 100, Don't Ask Me 100
Major Dixon 109, Aline Abbott 109. St. Tam
many 100. Lady Kent 109, Quiz II 103.
Fifth race, one and a quarter miles — Wing
Dance 09. Lodestar 99, Curate 96, Erne 9«,
Prince Blazes »«, O'Hagen 95, Compass 94 Mr
Dingle 90.
Fourth race, one mile— Callant 102. Brulare
102, Warte Xlcht 1)5. Lendin 05. Sidney C.
Love 1)5. Ahola 92, Lampoon S2, Tioga 92
Emir 92.
Third race, five furlongs, two-year-olds Test
stakes— Auditor 123. English Lad 12.1. Don
Domo 120. Coppertteld 1OS. Katie Powers 106,
Allista 1W>, Testimony 305.
Second race, handicap, steeplechase short
course— Oliver Me 14*. Snowdrift 142,' Hand
\ice 142, iioranda IMS, Itaeatiara 136, Heber
136, Joe Martin 133, Galba 130, John K. Owens
CHICAGO, Sept. 14.— Hawthorne «nrl<*:
Fim race, live furlongs, two-year-olds—
I roceeds 102, Sweetie 105. Touchstone 105
Rowona 103. Arnold K 103. The Hebrew 30';'
Sol Smith 103.
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
MAYOR WELCOMES
THE PORTUGUESE
Editor Marriott then took the stand. A
slight limp was noticeable In his walk,
and- when in the chair he kei|t his in
jured left leg stiffly out in front of him.
By the assistance of photographs of thg
hall and staircase of his home, Marriott"
then repeated the story of the asgauit
made upon him by Beale and Williams
on the night of September 3, 1902. He
testified to receiving a telephone call pur
ported to have come from Beale, in which
an Interview for that night was asked
and granted. Marriott described the as
sault in detail. He said:
When Beale and Williams entered I n sited
for their hats and started down the hall to
hang- them up under the stairs. Both men
followed, and just as I was about to place
the hats on the hatrack I received a blow
from behind on the chin. This was Imme
diately followed by a Jab under the right eye
by some sharp Instrument, which might have
been the barrel of a pistol. Then a crushing
blow on the too of the head from a revolver
butt, caused me to put up my left hand, and
MARRIOTT TESTIFIES.
Attorney Hiram Johnson then presented
the case ,of the prosecution to the Jury.
When in his answer Attorney Dunne at
lemptedto Incorporate matter based up
on the amendment still pending, he was
confined to the strict facts of the assault
made upon Marriott by the vigorous ob
jection of Hiram Johnson, and was con
sequently debarred from urging any
grounds of mitigation for the assault un
til his amendment was properly before
the court.
When the court opened Judge Slosa ren
dered a lengthy decision upon the legal
wrangle which had occupied the opposing
attorneys at the opening of the trial last
•week. In sustaining the demurrer of the
attorneys for the prosecution to the
amendment of the original answer to the
complaint which was offered by Attorney
Dunne for the defense, Judge Sloss grant
ed the defense the privilege of so amend
ing the amendment as to allow of Its ac
ceptance for pleading on the grounds of
mitigation.
WITH the taking of testimony
in the Marriott vs. Beale and
"Williams damage suit now in
Judse Sloss* court, the trial
began yesterday to assume a
markedly live aspect. Marriott, the edi
tor who is seeking $100,000 damages, was
niade to undergo a long examination by
his attorney and suffered a grilling cross
questioning from Dunne, the attorney for
the two defendants. Truxtun Beale and
Thomas H. Williams, the two capital
ists who are being sued, were called upon
by Attorney Hiram Johnson to v tell the
jury -the amount of their respective pri
vate fortunes and .then released to take
the chair upon the opening of testimony
for the defense.
FIFTH RACE— Five furlongs, purse.
Even —Nan. Hodse, 110 (Wilson) 1 2 1 2U
« to 5 — ("ascine, lol (S. Bonner).. 2 12 3U
Ifl to 1— Tckalon. U4 (Knapp) 4 4 ;t \\i
tv. e> , 1 ,- :(> H 3 " 5 - Start «f°° d - w °n eaailv.
pinner, \\ . \\ . Darden's ch. f. by Rossington
airs. Lane. Atlantlco 97, Quartec 94, also ran.
•efrn^ 11 RACE — ° no and a sixteenth miles.
11 to Ji— Lord Mel, 102 (Olipiiant) 2 ° 1 5
20 to ]— Fair L A. 83 (8. Bonner). 112 4
4 to 1— Docile S., 100 (Wilson) (5 .'{ a X
t*-. w?V ake £- Z 1 ?/ 1 eood ' " VVon !n a can 
ter. Winner, B. S. Bender's b. g. by Prince
Wonaco-Gondola. Mezza 94. Curate 102, Moor
4M. Learoyd it4, Jove 101. also ran.
_FOTTRTH RACE— Six furlongs, selling.
i to 2— Aibemarle. 100 (Robbing.. 4 111
1« to I— Will Shelly. 100 (Ferreil). 9 6 2 3
1^ to 1 — Lady Kent. 100 (Knapp).. 3 3 3 4
Time, 1:213-5. Start good. Won eaailv.
Winner. F. O. Mosler's b. g. by Deceiver-Kahlo
Mayor Johnson 104, Emma A. M. 106 First
Attempt 05, Goldwja 109, Hudson 10.5, Hickory
Corners 101. also ran.
THIRD RACEN-Mlle, Cicero selling stakes.
12 to 1— Fading Light, 97 (Knapp) 5 C i h
H to S — Orfeo, »3 (Davliwm) 6 3 2 n
7 to 1— Brush By. 8G (Wilson) 3 5 3 fl'
Tim». 1:47 3-5. Start fair. Won driving.
W Inner, E. Herz' ch. f. by Kingston-Sundown.
Ha vi land «6. The Kentuckian 104, Louisvillo
101. Schwalbe 103, also ran
SECOND RACE— Steeplechaee. ihort course,
t>andicax>.
9 to 2— Lingo. 128 <C. Johnson). . 5 2 1 14
60 to 1— Limelight, i:J4 (Cahill) 2 4 2 0
2 to 1— Mr. Rose, 13.H (McMahon). 6 13 3
Time, :}:6tJ. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. E. Trotter's b. m. by Henry Young-Line
age. Firrt Pa«t 123. Heber 132, also ran.
Duke of Tork. ltG, fell.
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs, selling:
Betting. Hor»e. Weight. Jockty. St. »i Fin.
8 to 10— Quir II, 100 <S. Bonner).. 2 114
7 to 1— C. Grainger, 102 (Adkins) 6 4 2 24
20 to 1— S. Tooth, 104 (H. Phillips) 1 3 SVi '
Time. 1:22 3-5. Start bad. Won easily. Win
ner, C C. McCafferty's br. g. by St. Florlan-
Queenstown. Zella Knight 100. Fleuron 108,
Mocorito 101, also ran. Huachuca, 107, left at
the post.
The track was in the' worst condition it
has been this season, being fetlock deep.
The weather was cloudy and threatening
and the attendance good for a Monday.
Hawthorne reopens to-morrow. Sum
mary:
CHICAGO, Sept. 14.— To-day'B card at
Harlem was ruined by numerous
scratches. The fourth race was declared
off and a selling' affair substituted.
Fading Light, which could not get up a
respectable gallop on Friday, when a 6 to
5 favorite, won the Cicero stakes to-day,
in which she was a 29 to 1 shot in some
of the books. Orfeo, the favorite at 8
to 5, was second and Brush By, at 7 to 1,
third. It waa a gruelling finish between
the first three, in which Jockey Knapp
outrode Davisson, or the verdict might
have be«n changed.
Jockey Davisson was later indefinitely
suspended by the judges for his ride on
Orfeo. A barrel of money was burned up
on this horse, which was unquestionably
the best.
Specie! Dispatch to The Call,
Time. 1:47. Start bad. Won driving.- Win
ner. K. R. Lcucrraan's b. g. oy Stuvvesant-
Katie B. Hoodwink 1V4. Lord Advocate 100.
Kalir 10S, Stonewall 100. Ethics 104, Oclawaha
101, Tribe's Hill 112, Kingraine 104, Rocky 104,
Esherin 1C2, Sir Roche 110, also ran. *Dis
qualififd for fouling.
SEVENTH RACK— Selling, for two-year
olds: five and a half furlong":
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 10— For Luck, 94 (Higgins).. 3 113
12 to 1— Mordella. '.«) (W. Fischer). 2 3 2 1"4
«? to 1— Eath Bfach. 110 (Hicks).. 12 3 2' a
Time. 1:07 1-5. Start rood. VTon easily.
Winner. X. Brnnington'e b. X. bv Piaudit-
Pocketplece. Eatrle !>9. Inqulsttlve Girl 99,
Ter.dercre»t 97, Mohican 107, fompano 10S.
liuncannon 99, Montpelier 1H2, Palm Room 103,
also ran.
SIXTH RACE— Selling, for three-year-o! 3s
6nd up; mile and a sixteenth:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
A to 1— 'Alabarch. 1<4 (O'N^iU).. 6 2 1 h
i« to 5— Stuyve, 106 (Redfem) 1 1 2 24
5 to 1— M. Rich'dson. lOtt <Higns> 7 3 :» »«
Time, 2:OS. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. K. E. Pmathers' ch. c. by MacDuff-Manola
Mason.
FIFTH RACE— Selling; two-year-olds; five
and a half furlor.gs:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to S — Toi 8an. 94 (I>e Jvyuza) 4 112
«fi to 1 — Wistaria, 94 me*d) 2 4 '2. »4
15 to 1 — Redman. 94 (f>'Brien> 12." -''i
Time, 1:07 4-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. Pleasance Stable's b. f. bv Pessara-
Dira. Bob Murphy 107, Sneer 94, Huapala '.»!>,
Viona 94. Hello los. High Wind 104, Kxtralaw
104, Hands I'd 97. also ran.
FOtTtTIT RACE — The First Special; mi!o
and a quarter:
Bctt'.np. Horse. "Weight. Jorkey. St. *i Fin.
1 to 7— McChefney. 12C ( Fuller).. 2 114'
7 to 1 — Goldsmith. 126 (Redfern).. 12 2 4
20 to 1— Sheriff Bell. 117 (Odom).. 3 3 3
THIRD RACK — The Junior Champion, of
$15,000, for tw<vye«r-o!de; about fix furlones:
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey. S*. \ Fin.
4 to 1— Highball. 127 (Fuller) 2 3 14
5 to 5 — L^or.iJaj, 122 <Redfern) . . . 1 2J.1 » 2
12 to 1 — Ormde'B Right. 1:2 <Gray> 8^T ;S V.
Time, 1:10 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. W. M. Prhcptel's b. <•. by Ben Strotne-
Ptrychinla. Grenade 107, Mcharlb 110. St.
Valentin* 110. Harangue 110. Aristocracy 127.
Hroomstick 127. Cedar Rapids 3 07. Knight Er
rcrt 11", Don John 110. BobaUll 110. also ran.
Time, 5:04. Start good. Von «asJly. Win
ner, J. E. Widner's b.* g. by Ta.rrunany-Cal»
rionia. Gypsle 133. Jim N«wtnan ]4fl, Ac'ji
daumo 1T.0. Daryl 132. also ran.
» to 1' — Caller. HO (I>orjohue) 1 1 1 h
U to 1— Carrier Pigenn. 133 (Saffl) 3 2 2 3
9 to 2— Amur, 141 (Mara) 4 3 38
SECOND RACE— The Hitchcock. Stceplechae*
Handicap: about two and a half m'.les:
Betting. Horse, \\>igrht. Jockey. S»^. % Kin.
Highball, with 127 pounds on his back,
added another classic to hi§ long list by
capturing the $;5,00Q Junior stakes for
two-y*ar-old«. He was Quoted at 4 to 1
and Fuller rode a good race. A half
length back came Leonlda*. with Or
monde's Right taking third money. Sum
mary:
KIRFT RACG— Handicap; all &**»; -about six
furlong* :
Betting. Horse, Weight Jocfc*y. St. »i F'li.
« to 1— Wealth. 113 (Coburn) « 5 1 i
4 to 1— Divination. 98 (Re4iern).. 4 2 2 1
5 to 6— Jocund. 106 (O'N>1!1) 7 4 3 h
Tim*. 1:10. Ftart bad. Won driving. Win
rer. Aibemarle Stab'.e's h. m. by Rainbow-Pro»
jw>rity. Olympian 117. Lady I'neas 110, Illyria
105. Tim Payne J<2. Silver Heels 106. Capti
vator 10S. Pol liorw KS, Your»g Henry 126, also
ran.
GKAVESETCD. Sept. 14.— This was a
great day for horse racing 1 . The Immense
crowd paid no heed to heat Chief Inter
est centered la the First Special. Me-
Chesney had but a mere exercise gallop
to win. lie pot off in front and at no
time in the race was he let out of hand.
Tho horse was practicably pulling: Fuller
from the saddle. Goldsmith, an added
Ftarter, finished second, beating Sheriff
Bell. Both of these were driving: behind
MeChesney in the stretch. Goldsmith
made a rush toward the leader, but Ful
ler only had to let out one inch of line to
allow McCh'-sney to clrar away from h'm.
Ept-cial rriepatcb to The Call.
Fading Light Flares Up Long
Enough to Beat a Fa
vorite.
First Special at Gravesend
Only a Warm-Up for
MoChesney.
Jockey Davisson Is Sus
pended for a Bad
Leonidas Is Second and
Ormonde's Right
• Third.
HIGHBALL WINS
JUNIOR STAKES
OR FEO'S BACKERS
GET NO RETURN
EDITOR MARRIOTT TAKES THE STAND
AND TELLS STORY OF THE ASSAULT
FAILS TO BREAK
TROTTING RECORD
KILLING IS MADE
ON WOODS PERRY
Heavily Backed \ Colt
Wins by a Head
at DeJmar. .
Plaintiff in $ I 00,000 Damage Suit Against Thomas
hL Williams and Truxtun .Beale Is Subjected to
a Severe Cross-Examination by Attorney Dunne
Major Delmar. Tries to
Beat Lou Dillon's
Performance.
Mqntana Peeress Takes the
Seven Furlong Handi
cap Easily.
Poor Pacemaking Is Said to
Have Lessened Chances
for Success.
READVIL.LE. Mas3.. Sept. 14.—Al
though the weather conditions were ideal
and the Readvllle track lightning fast.
Major Delmar, the latest aspirant for rec
ord trotting honors, failed to beat Lou
Dillon's performance- on the same track,
of a mile In two minutes, principally
through poor pacemaking. The gelding.
with the assistance of an automobile, for
the first half and a running horse ahead
In the second, covered the mile in 2:00»i.
When Major Delmar was brought out
tnere was scarcely a breath of wind blow
ing and the air was Quite warm. After
scoring three times the horse was sent
away with the automobile slightly behind
on the outside. The quarter was negoti
ated in SfWi seconds, the automobile still
keeping off to the side, ai the three
eighths Dole a runner started in and at
the half was going- In good shape, about
ten. yards ahead of the big trotter. The
half was made in 1:<W4, and as the Judges
announced before the effort was made
t.-at such a time at the half would be
more than satisfactory ths excitement
when the time was posted ro3e to fever
heat. The two horses, with the automo
bile still speeding along on the outside,
swept around the curve to the three
quarters, reaching- that pole in 1:30^* from
the start, which made the time for the
third Quarter 2^ seconds. Everything
looked bright for the smashing of the
two-minute n*ark and the changing of
the sign which has hung over the gats
of the Readvllle track just eighteen days.
But as the three passed the sign and
came into the stretch the runner faltered
slightly and McDonald was forced to pull
up a bit. It seemed only for an Instant,
but that instant meant perhaps a full
second. Coming to the wire, McDonald
used his best efforts to get every parti
cle of speed out of the fast tiring trotter,
but was unable to make up the time lost
at the head of the stretch.
After the effort McDonald said he be
lieved Major Delmar could beat two min
utes with good runners and looked upon
the effort to-day as a wonderful perform
ance. Results:
2:07 class, pacing, purs* $1000 — Major C wnt\
two straight heats in 2:O4H. 2:04. Locanda.
Sphinx 8. Suftreet. Major Muscovite. Prince
Direct and Trilby Direct also started.
Foals of 1001. trotting, purse $1000— Totara
won two straight heats In 2:19»i, 2:17**. Cal
ifornia Cresceua and Pierpont Morgan also
started.
2:13 class, trottlnr. porse $1000 — Promp« won
two straight heats In 2:10*4. 2:11. Crescent.
Guy Fortune. Pug-. Aloy and Anna Held a!so
started. j .
Special trot to beat Z:0O record — Major Del
mar. b. g.. by Delmar i.k. McDonald). Time,
:30?i. l:00«i. 1:30 X' % , 2:00*4.
Foals of ISOft. trotting-, purse $1COO — Margaret
Bathgrate won three straight heats, in. 2:1.1.
2:119i. 2-.11H. Walnscott. Judge Green, Kyril
lch and Illlve also started.
ELECTION" COMMISSIONERS
HOLD REGULAR SESSION
Delegates From Different Republican
Clubs All Clamor for Repre
sentation at the Polls.
The Election Commissioners met yester
day afternoon. President Voorsanger In
the chair. Representatives of the differ
ent Republican organizations took an ac
tive part in the proceedings.
The United Republican League was rep
resented by Senator A. P. Williams. T.
E>. Riordan, Henry Ach, A. Ruef, secre
tary; J. Steppacher, John C. Lynch, Dr.
W. F. McXutt and David Rich.
The regular Republican Club . of tha
Forty-second Assembly District was rep
resented by Norftan "W. Hall.
The election committee took up tha ap
pointment of election officers for tha
coming municipal elections.
RIordan BDoke in behalf of the United
Republican League and asked for repre
sentation. His remarks were supplement
ed by short talks on the same subject by
Senator "Williams, Ruef and Ach.
Hall spoke In behalf of the regular Re
publican Club and appealed to the board
not to exclude members of -that organiza
tion, as they wanted to have & represen
tation.
The board finally empowered Commis
sioners Voorsanger ani Roberts and
Secretary Steppacber for th© Union Re
publican League to confer and decide
what representation * the Republicans
should have In th» matter of election of
ficers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 14.— The fourth event,
a handicap at seven furlongs, was the
feature of an ordinary card at Delmar
Park this afternoon. It was won easily
by Montana Peeress, the favorite at 7 to
2. The third---race developed the only
close finish o* the afternoon, when Woods
Perry, backed from 6 down, to 3, won by
a neck from W. P, Palmer. The weather
was clear, the track slow and the attend
ance fair. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Four and a half furlongs;
selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. * Fin.
15 to 1— E. Walters. 100 (Smith)... 13 11
7 to 1 — Spencerian, 95 (Shea).... 3 5 2.V4
4 to 1 — Ache. luT <Sheehan) 5 4 3 n
Time, :59. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. E. D. Pendleton & Co.'b ch. f. by Maddolo-
Peggy O" Moore. Cardcna 10.!, Uessle B 93,
Black Enough 105, Ann Dear 05, Jessie Welier
85, Lolla Nance 100, also ran.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. ** Fin.
7 to 1— Red Ola, 107 (Sh«*han) 1111
8 to 1— Ultra Vires, 99 (Hayes).... 8 5 2 h
« to 1— Model Monarch,105 (Castro) 0 4 3%
Time/ 1:17 Vi. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. C. Gustin's b. f. by Sayre-Ocod
Enough. Marchioness 104. Howard P 07, Cres
eida 104, Escanaba 97, Scotch Snuff 107, Georgia
Day 107. # Oon Ernesto 105, Edna Low« «7,
Araxes 97, also ran.
THIRD RACE— FJv» and a half furlongs:
purse:
Betting. Hors<\ Weight. Jockty. St. % Fin.
3 to 1— Woods Perry, 1&7 (Shehn) 7 8 1 nk
1C to 1— w. P. Palmer, 110 (Miller) 3 4 2 %
5 to 1— Baggerly, 108 (Shea) 16 32
Time. 1:11%. Start good. Won driving.
VY inner. Turney Bros.' b. g. by Captain Slgs
bee-Feronlca. Ingolthrlft 113. Major Carpenter
113. Our Llllie 110. Judge Demon 109. Dusty
Miller 113, Lounay 108. Comora 110. Wigwam
108, Don O'HIgh 110, Matt Wadlelgh 110. also
ran.
FOURTH RACES— Seven furlonrs; belling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
• to 2— Mont. Peeress, 105 (Shea).. 5 3 12
fi to 1— Swt. Charity, 100 (McCrty) 3 12 1
7 to 1— Tom Crabb, 103 (Castro)... 2 5 3 n
rime. l::M)i;. Start good. Won easily.
Winner Mrs. J. CofTey's b. f. by Montana-
Mary Pierce. Una Price 104. Echodale 103.
Lynch 95. Barke!more 95, Alfia 106, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlones; sellinc:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin
12 to 1— Crime. 102 (Boyd) (i 3 1 !i
4 to 1 — My Surprise, 107 (Shehan) .1 1 2 nk
8 to 1— H. Griffith. 97 (Gullett).. 4 4 3 nk
Time, 1:XS&. Start rood. Won driving.
Winner. J. S. Bratton's b. f. by St. Florlan-
Kepty. Blsuka 02. Behoove 107. Burlao 97
Wilhelmina 02, Whiten 07. After t*e Bail 107
Wineland 107. Mathilde 07 also ran.
SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin
2 to 1— Kingstelle, 90 (Perkins)... 2 118
4 to 1— Exapo. SS (Howell) 4 3 2 K
7 to 2— Decoration, 8C (C. Davis).. 3 4 3 4
Time. l:52'i. Start good. Won easily,
dinner. T). 3. Sullivan's br. m. by Kinsston-
Estelle. Countess Clara 90. Daddy Bender 93
LindeneHa 93. Counter Tenor 97. also ran.
DELMAR ENTRIES.
ST. LOriS. Sept. 14.— Delmar entries:
Firpt race, four and a half furlonps. selling-
Aloom R 95. Bugl»horn 1C8. Ponchartrain 1O.T
Foxy Grandpa 103. Port Warden 10.1 Gaybon
95. Harbor 95, Kiowa Chief 105. Ad Smith 1CS
Arlo 103, Hobaon'a Choice 103, Little Pirate
103, Frank Collins 103, Capitol 100.
Second race, six furlongs, selling— Ben Hul
luxn 10O. t Eleanor Howard 103 Eliza Cook 104.
La Rouge ICO, Sting- ICO. Boyes Arnold 10O.
Temptress 104. Rengaw 10O. Tenny Bell* 104
Altraretta 107. Miss Guido 109, Great Star 100
Submarine 104.
Third race, five furlongs, purse— Phlllida 100
I-idy Free Knight 104, Atlas 108, Ida Davis
104. Nellie CromwelVlOO. Wreath of Ivy 104.
Jchane 104, Folie» Bergeres 108.
Fourth race, six furlong?, handicap, purs*—
Miss Mae Day 110. Avoid 97, Theory M. Dan
McKenna ICO. Optional 103, Orleans 93, Re
venge Dare 100, Mimo 93, Croix d'Or 108, Pour
quoi Pas 1)0.
Fifth race, one and an eighth miles, selling —
Judge Town*r 90, Hegira 92. Baronet 104. The
Bobby 1C4. Eugenia S 9rt. Jena 104, Charles D
104. Einstein 107, El Caney 107, Kon Spray
104. Ecome 107.
Sixth race, one mile, selling — Reducer 96,
Una Price 107, La das 10*, Aules 107, Macbeth
107," Worthington 107. Silver Ftza 104, Dynasty
104, I^ou Clieveden 96. Dr. Clark 104, Cardigan
99, Morris Volmer 102.
DELMAB SEUSCTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race— Harbor, Ponchartrain,
Foxy Grandpa.
Second race — Miss Guido, Alga
retta, Eliza Cook.
Third race — Jehane, Atlas, Folies
Bergeres.
Fourth race — Miss Mae I>ay, Op
tional, Croix d'Or.
Fifth race — Baronet, Fon Spray,
El Caney.
Sixth race— Ladas, Worthington,
Lou Clieveden.
Fir© Marshal Towe, after making a full
investigation Into the fir» in Antonio Gu
larte's barber shop at 413% Powell street
about 1 o'clock last Saturday I morning,
swore to a complaint before Police Judge
Fritz yesterday charging Gularta with
arson. Gularte, who was arrested shortly
after the fire, was booked on the charge.
Gularta Booked for Arson,
Sabins Booked for Murder.
¦William. Sablna. bookbinder, was book
ed at the City Prison yesterday by De
tectives O'Dea and Mulcahy on a charga
of murder. On Sunday, August 2, Sablna,
who had been separated from his wife,
Mrs. Nellie Sablns. for about nino months,
went to her home at 1S12 Mason street
and after firing three bullets into her head
cut his throat and sttot himself In the
head. The woman died three days later
and Sabins slowly recovered. He was
brought from the City and County Hos
pital to the City Prison some days ago.
Sweet Is Not a Footpad.
Frederick M. Sweet, who was arrested
In Golden Gate Park on Saturday night
on suspicion of having held up Samuel
Irving, was booked at the City Prison
yesterday on a charge of carrying a con
cealed weapon. When searched he had
a loaded revolver in his pocket. Detec
tives Dinan and Wren, who have been
working on the case, are satisfied that
Sweet was not the footpad and that the
story he told of why he was in the park
was true. Sweet Is employed in the
boarding-house of Mrs. A. C. Friend, SOT
California street.
The National Museum at "Washington
has recently acquired one of the Marco
Polo sheep from the Himalayas. Beside
It the American big horn and large Alas
kan white sheep seem Insignificant. .
. . - • . - • . . .-
THE SAN FBA^CISCO CALL; TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1903.
8
ADVEBTISEMXNTS.
Signs of Polluted Blood.
There is nothing so repulsive looking and disgusting as an old sore
You worry over it till the brain grows weary and work with it until the
patience is exhausted, and the very sight of the old festering, sickly looking
place makes you irritable, despondent and desperate "\ **
A chronic sore is the very best evidence that your blood is in airunhealthv
and impoverished condition, that your constitution is breaking down under
the effects of some serious disorder. The taking of strong medicines like
mercury or potash, will sometimes so pollute and vitiate the blood and im-
pair the general system that the merest scratch or bruise results in obstinate
non-healing sores of the most offensive character. —»""¦*¦ * "
Oftepaninheritedtaintbreaksoutinfrightfuleatingsoresuponthelimb'5
or face in old age or middle life. Whenever a sore refuses to heal the blood
is always at fault, and, while antiseptic washes, salves, soaps and powders
can do much to keep down the inflammation and cleanse the sore it will
never heal permanently till the blood itself has been purified and the deadl v
gernisand poisons destroyed, and withS. S. S. this can be accomplished— the
Sy^JN /^^ polluted blood is purified and invigorated, and when
f<£^4 C^^? rich.pure blood is again circulating freely throughout
*^VV^^^V the b^y the flesh around the old sore begins to take
on a natural color, the discharge of matter ceases
-^ and the place heals over.
S. S. S. is both a blood purifier and tonic that puts your blood in orda
and at the same time tones up the system and builds up the general health,
If you have a chronic sore write us. No charge for medical advice.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA.Marriage Licenses.
' September 14.
Schr Mary C, Campbell. ; 10 hours from Bo
dega. . ..¦•-...
SAILED. ... .
September 24.
Br stmr Claverlngr, Barton, for Hongkong-.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN — Arrived Sept. 14— Schr Jennie
Stella, hence Aug. 28. : < •.-..,..-...
ASTORIA— Sailed Sept. 14— Br ehln Clythea
woodV for. South Africa. .
Sailed— Schr John F. Miller, for San Fran-
COOS BAY— Arrived Sept. 14— Schr San
Buenaventura, hence Auk. 28. Efefiilli
ISLAND PORTS.
.' HONOLULU— Arrived Sept. 14— Bark Kalu
lanl, hence Aug. SO. ,.' '-. ¦ : ¦,?-
Sailed— Bark Star of Bengal, for Puget
Sound; Btmr ¦ Whlttler, for Ventura,' with bktn
Fullerton and barge Santa Paula in tow. -
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
McGovern Tires in the Sixth Bound.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept/ 14. — Hughey
McGovern and "Kid"- Beebe of this city
fought six hard rounds at the National
AthleUc Club to-night. The first five
rounds were McGovern' s. but in the sixth
round he became so tired that it was all
he could do to hold his own.'
No Disaster to Transport.
LONDON. Sept. 14.— Nothing has been
received confirmatory of the rumor cur
rent yesterday that a transport carrying
a regiment of British troops to India
foundered during the gale which swept
over the British coast last Thursday.
The Admiralty has heard nothing regard
ing any mishap to a transport.
District Attorney Gregory, Constable
Charles Downing and officers from Benl
cia left Suisun at 3 o'clock this afternoon
in a gasolin% launch to carry out the In
struction.
Many murders have been committed in
the fishing camps along the Suisun Bay
during the past ten years, but owing to
thf manner in which the murderers have
been Bhielded by their fellow fishermen
the officers have 'been unable to ferret
out the guilty persons. When Sheriff Keys
became fully satisfied that young Potter
had been murdered he became determined
to bring the murderer to justice. With
the slightest 'clews at the outset he
worked incessantly until he succeeded,
after traveling hundreds of miles, in cap
turing his man. The arrest of Pensacola
reflects great credit on Sheriff Keys and
District Attorney Gregory, who worked
with him on the case.
Jews Fleeing to America.
LONDON, Sept. 14.— As a result of the
recent anti-Jewish agitation among the
laboring classes at Cardiff, Wales, and in
its neighborhood, 100 Jewish employes of
•the Dowlais Works left Merthyr Tydvil
to-day on their way to America.
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 14.— The following
Callfornlans are In Washington: At the
New Wllard— B. M. Lombard of San
Francisco; at the Ebbltt-H. W. Spaldlng
of San Francisco. _
Alternative Writ Is Granted.
H. J. Sieberst was granted an alterna
tive writ of habeas corpus by the Su
preme Court yesterday in favor of Ar
delle Irene Sieberst; his grandchild. It
Is alleged that G. S. Sieberst, father of
the little girl, consented that she be
adopted by her grandparents. He claims
that he Is able to support his daughter
properly and desires that she remain with
him. The case will come up for argument
this afternoon in the Supreme Court.
When Daugherty. was arrested last
Thursday he made a written confession,
in which he Rutherford!
Graves and Carey. -The admission of
guilt made last night by Rutherford .; will
strengthen the case of the prosecution.
After a severe sweating by the police.
C. A. Rutherford, the Southern Pacnic
brakeman charged with looting freight
cars at Salinas, the story of which was
published first by The Call last Sunday,
confessed guilt last night and at the
same time Implicated W. H. Daugherty
Frank Carey and C. V. Graves as being
partners in the thefts.
Graves is a marine fireman and Daugh
erty was the man who rented a house on
the Castroville road about a mile from
Salinas, wherein, it is claimed, some of
tho stolen property' was placed after be
ing taken from the cars.
Graves is now in the City and County
Hospital, this city, having, it is claimed
injured his thumb while jumping from
one of the freight cars, after having been
engaged in stealing some of the mer
chandise, the loss of which has formed
part of the basis of the charges.
It is intended to prosecute the case with
the greatest vigor. The goods that have
been stolen from cars have not only been
the means of causing the greatest incon
venience to shippers and buyers, but the
monetary loss, it is said, has been very
Kreat.
CHILD'S LIFE IS CBUSHED
OUT BENEATH TRUCK WHEELS
Three-Year-Old Joseph Allen Meets
a Tragic Death on Point
Lobos Avenue. " >: .
While attempting to jump' on a heavily
laden truck last evening Joseph Allen, the
three-year-old son of Mrs. Kate Allen of
107 Collins street, was crushed to death
beneath the wheels. The truck, drawn
by six horses driven by Banford Howard,
was coming down Point Lobos avenue
and owing to the fact that a heavy piece
of machinery was carried moved very
slowly. When near Collins street the
baby, who was playing in the road, ran
to the truck and attempted to jump on
the side. He slipped and fell directlv in
front of the rear wheel, which passed over
the body, crushing it in a frightful man
ner. Entirely oblivious of the fact that
he had run over and killed the child How
ard continued on his way. and the first
intimation he had of the tragedy was*
when some citizen informed him several
blocks from the scene. He Immediately
surrendered himself and was booked at
the City Prison on a charge of man
slaughter.
Beulah Allen, an elder sister of the dead
boy, was a witness of the dreadful af
fair and immediately summoned assist
ance. . The mancled and bleeding form
was carried to the house and Dr. Petrie
summoned. An examination showed that
the child was beyond medical aid and the
Coroner was notified. The body was not
removed to the Morgue and it is under
stood that the grief-stricken mother is
willing to waive an inquest, as she Is
convinced that It is purely a case of acci
dent.
GEOEGE ALLMAtf IS
. FINALLY BEHIND BAES
Police Arrest Young Man Who Has
Been Paying His Way With
Bogus Checks.
George D. Allman of Oakland, for whom
a number of local business men have been
looking for several months, was arrested
last night by Detective Rosa Whitaker
and is detained at the Hall of Justice
awaiting an Investigation into his prac
tice of late of passing bad checks. Young
Allman Inherited quite a iortune from his
father, who was a well-known stage man
in Northern -California, but the son soon
entered into a wild career, during which
his fortune was wasted. .
Several months ago ne began cashing
worthless' checks about town and when
he realized that his game was about to
end he disappeared. The checks were
drawn on the First National Bank, in
which he had no funds. It was reported
that his sister, who is a society woman of
Oakland, would make good the amcunts
of the checks and when she failed to do
so the victimized merchants placed the
case in the bands of the police.
0. A. Rutherford Admits
He Stole From
Freight Cars.
The teachers' college of Columbia Uni
versity is to establish a course of study
for the training of Sunday-school teach
ers. Dr. Richard M. Hodge, the lecturer
in Bible study, will have charge of the
classes.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 14.-Fearlng' that the
good name of the city and its inhabitants
is suffering abroad because of the ha
rangue delivered at the Board of Trade
meeting Friday night, when one speaker
advised that . the City Trustees be given
tar, feathers and rope treatment, owing to
their attitude on the local railroad fran
chises, the conservative element among
the residents is 'aroused and will from
this on make Itself felt until the agita
tion that has disturbed Alameda for three
months is satisfactorily settled. With that
purpose in view the following call for a
mass meeting of citizens -iCas issued to
day;
As matters of vital importance to every tax
payer and citizen of Alameda regarding the
ferry and railroad facilities of the city, and
the. question of the renewal of the franchises
therefor, are demanding* Immediate attention
and action, we, the undersigned, citizens and
taxpayers of this city, do hereby call a gen
eral mass meeting to publicly discuss these im
portant subjects, said meeting to be held in
the old library room in the City Hall the even
ing of September 10, 1003. at 8 o'clock. F. W.
Van Slcklen. 1831 Central avenue; J. B. Vos
burgh, 2625 Central avenue; F. Boehmer. 2310
Central ' avenue ; Joseph Knowland, 2426 Lin
coln avenue; Henry Michaels, 1637 Central ave
nue; C C. Volberg, 615 Santa Clara avenue;
J. E. Baker, 2507 Central avenue; D. W. Mar
tin, 1247 Park avenue.
All of the signers of the call are well
known residents with heavy local ; Inter
ests, which they consider are being endan
gered by an agitation which i may result
in crippling the transportation facilities of
Alameda. Van Slcklen is a large property
holder, Vosburgh is a pioneer, merchant of
Park street, Boehmer is a retired busi
ness man and ¦ the owner of considerable
realty, Knowland is a director of the
Bank of Alameda and the owner of mucn
real estate, Michaels is an old resident
and • property holder, Volberg is a. retired
merchant and a director in a local build
ing and loan association," Baker is the
cashier of the Bank of Alameda and Mar
tin is an ex-Supervisor and business man
with considerable - property in this city.
The men! who have issued the call for the
mass meeting announce that it is not their
intention, to tell the City Trustees what
to do, but to assure the municipal legis
lators of their honest and loyal support
of whatever ' the , officials may see fit to
do with the franchises for the good of
Alameda.
VIENNA, Sept. 1*.— As a result of the
Italian Government informing the au
thorities here that three Italian an
archists had gone to Hungary, extra pre
cautions were taken to safeguard Em
peror William, who is to arrive to-mor
row at Karapanciea, where he will go
staghunting with the Archduke Frederick.
Fear an Anarchist Plot.
Despite the fact that the trial of Dr.
Hammond and the incidents connected
with it have taken up a great deal of
time, the routine business of the confer
ence has been dispatched with unusual
rapidity, and now little remains but the
reception of the trial committee's findings
and the election of five delegates to the
General Conference of 1904. Immediately
upon the result of the Hammond trial be
ing announced balloting for these dele
gates will be commenced, , and it is ex
pected that they will -be elected and that
the conference will adjourn by to-morrow
evening. Bishop Cranston, finding it im
possible to reach Los Angeles in time for
the opening of the Southern California
Conference Wednesday morning, has ar
ranged for a substitute to act in his place
there until Thursday morning.
In the absence of Bishop Cranston, who
was holding a Conference with the pre
siding elders regarding the disposition of
appointments, this . afternoon's session
was presided over by Dr. F: D. Bovard,
and was taken up entirely in \ reading
committee reports. ¦ ¦ . '
PACIFIC GROVE, Sept.-'14.— It is now
Confidently expected that the committee
of the California Methodist Episcopal
Conference now engaged in trying the
charges against Dr. J. D. Hammond will
come to a decision in time to present
their findings at to-morrow's session. It
is possible, indeed, that a decision may
be reached at a late hour to-night, but
the members of the trial committee are
pledged not to reveal anything until their
finding* are presented In open conference,
at which time it Js expected a summary
of the evidence will be given, as it is the
disposition of the conference to clear this
whole matter up to the satisfaction of the
public.
Counsel for the church in the trial have
presented their case, and It is understood
that Dr. Hammond will submit his de
fense in writing to-night. There remain
yet the cross-examination of Dr. Ham
mond and his witnesses, such argument
as may be entered and the deliberations
of the trial committee.
-Alamedans Issue a Gall
for Another Mass-
Meeting. . •
Trial of Dr. J. D. Ham
mond Probably Now
Completed.
CONFESSES PART
IN BURGLARIES
KANSAS CITY, Sept. 14.— A special to
the Star from Guthrle says: S. M. Bro
sius, special agent of /the Indian Rights
Association, has finished gathering evi
dence against George I. Harvey, superin
tendent In charge of the Pawnee Indian
Agency at Pawnee, and left to-day to re
sume his inquiries in Indian -Territory.
Brosius said that he had heard of the
threat that he would be arrested if he
should return to the Indian Territory
and was willing to run the risk.
Brosius preferred seventeen specific
charges against Harvey, who is accused
of brutality to children in the Indian
schools; of irregularity in the leasing and
sale of Indian lands, and of manipulating
Indian moneys to the advantage of him
self and banks In which he Is interested.
Inspector McNichols of the Indian" De
partment Is at Pawnee investigating the
Brosius charges.
Brosius Completes Investigation on
the Pawnee Agency.
FILES SEVENTEEN CHARGES.
Judicial . Investigations of the many
cases show, it is asserted, that 50 per cent
of the recent Armenian murders were the
work of Armenians who migrated from
Turkey and that the others were simply
the crimes of paid assassins.
The Journal Kvakas reports that se
rious disturbances occurred at Tlflis,
Trans-Caucasia, at midday Sunday, arising
from tHe reading to a crowd of 2000 per
sons assembled outside the Cathedral of
proclamations in the Armenian language.
The mob attacked the policemen with
stones and revolvers. The gendarmerie
went to the rescue of the police and a
fight ensued in which the gendarmes fired
their revolvers. Finally *. detachment of
Cossacks dispersed the rioters, several of
whom were wounded.
The correspondent further recounts an
other recent brutal attempt at the Alex
andropol railroad station in the presence
of a crow'd of people. In this case also
the murderer easily made good his
escape.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 14.— An ortho
dox architect, Vassilov, was stabbed to
death on the streets of Alexander, Trans-
Caucasia, on September 6. The murderer
«scaped. The Novoe Vremya's corre
spondent at Ervian, Trans-Caucasia, says
the murder was one of a series of assassi
nations committed by the Armenian Mafia
and adds that Vassilov had been black
listed.
Victims in Both Instances Are As
sassinated in the Presence of
Many People.
ARMENIAN MAFIA ORDERS
TWO COWARDLY MURDERS
TRUSTEES WILL
Have support
To-day Is the fifty-seventh anniversary
of the capture "of the City Of Mexico by
American troops, and the independence of
the sister republic will be duly celebrat
ed to-morrow by |he local Mexican resi
dents.
An -elaborate programme has been ar
ranged for to-morrow's exercises at the
Mechanics' Pavilion, under the direction
of the Zaragosa Club. Speeches will be
delivered by the Mexican Consul General,
Mayor Schmlta, Bert Schlesinger and
other well-known citizens and residents,
and the evening will close with an all
night ball.
Colonel Andrews of the Diamond Palace
is one of the few veterans of the Mexican
War that -participated In the capture of
the City of Mexico and he will be a guest
of honor at to-morrow's celebration.
MANY WIIA CELEBRATE
INDEPENDENCE OP MEXICO
A conference will be held at the Super
visors' chambers to-night >at 8 o' clock
relative to the hpnd election on September
29. The meeting has been called by M. J.
Keller, N. B. Greensfelder, Frank Morton,
F. T. Knoles, Gustave Schnee and E. A.
Lorenz.. • They invite all ' who desire
schools, sewers, parka, playgrounds and
like Improvements to attend. A central
club is to be formed, the work of which
will be mainly educational.
Asked to Attend Bond Meeting.
PARIS, Sept. 14.— M. "Witte, president of
the Russian Council of Ministers, arrived
h'ere to-day. His visit is unofficial. After
a short stay here he will proceed to Lon
don.
The belief which exists in several quar
ters that Witte's appointment to the pres
idency of the council was not wholly a
promotion prevails here also. It i3 un
derstood in the best informed quarters
here that the complications in the Man
churlan affair led to Witte's retirement
from the Ministry of Finance, where he
dominated the war, civil and other
branches. There is reason here to believe
that Witte lately has been unsympathetic
toward France.
Is Shorn of Power.
Russia's Famed Minister of Finance
WITTERS STAB IS SETTING.
While these are primarily the objects
of the investigation, it is understood that
It will be extended to such other person
and things in the Indian Territory, over
which' the Interior Department has su
pervision, as may be deemed by Bona
parte tobe for the welfare of the service,
or as may be referred to him by the Sec
retary of the Interior.
Baltimore had accepted the
Invitation of . Secretary Hitchcock to take
charge of the investigation of certain In
dian Territory affairs and officials under
the jurisdiction of the Department of the
Interior. The scope of the investigation,
it is said, wlll.be sufficiently comprehen
sive to embrace all statements within
the knowledge of the Interior Depart
ment, including all that have appeared in
the public press and all other matters
that may at any time come to the notice
of the investigating officials, which in any
respect reflect" uponthe official character,
conduct or acts of the Dawes Commission
.or any member thereof and the inspector
for the Indian Territory. Bonaparte's in
structions are that no official shall be fa
vored, no- matter what his position.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 14. — It
was announced , at; the Inte
rior Department to-day that
Qharles Joseph Bonaparte of
Bonaparte to , Conduct
Indian Territory In
vestigation.;
BALTIMORE ATTORNEY. WHO
WILL INVESTIGATE AL
LEGED LAND FRAUDS.
Officers at Suisun Beceive Instruc
tions to Take Several Persons Into
Custody Until the Mys
tery Is Cleared.
District Attorney Gregory is in receipt
of a telegram from Sheriff Keys stating
that Pensacola has made a confession of
the murder. The Sheriff will arrive in Se
attle to-morrow and extradition papers
will be forwarded to him at once. In his
telegram the Sheriff instructed the offi
cers here to proceed at once to the scene
cf the murder and arrest the woman above
referred to and several other persons
whom he named, to be detained as wit
nesses. Under Sheriff Thomas Grennan,
From that time Sheriff Keys and Dis
trict Attorney Gregory continued the work
and to their efforts is due the ferreting
out of one of the foulest murders ever
committed in this county. From the time
they had Pensacola under suspicion they
btgan a hunt for him and traced him
from the scene of the murder to Vallejo,
to San Francisco and finally located him
at the fishing camp at New Westminster
on Sunday, where he was placed under
arrest.
The witness was unwilling to give any
satisfactory information and tried in
every way to mislead the officers by mak
ing contradictory Etatements.. Her first
statement was to the effect that she saw
two men in boats in an altercation and
when the boats came together the second
time she taw one strike the other two
blows. Afterward she sa!d she was cer
tain that Potter fell overboard while in
toxicated. The finding of the body proved
That her firft statement was correct. The
officers also learned that on the day that
the murder was committed Pensacola also
disappeared.
CHASE TO THE NORTH.
An investigation was immediately be
gun by Sheriff Keys and District Attor
ney Gregory, who went to Beniela on the
first train after receiving the information.
There they were joined by Constable Hyde
and Deputy Sheriff Harnett and a trip" to
the fishing camp was made in a gasoline
launch. Sheriff Keys and party were soon
convinced that a murder had been com
mitted, but could get no Information con
cerning it except that given by the wonv
an who witnessed the tragedy through
fif>ld classes. Hers was the only clew
given. The name of the assailant was not
then made known.
Potter was killed Tuesday, but the mat
ter was not reported to the' officials until
three days later. The deceased was in
the employ of Antone Berry, a fisherman.
The latter suspected foul play when his
employe did not return Tuesday after
noon and had been instituting a quiet
search for two or three days before re
porting the matter. On Friday Berry
called up District Attorney T. T. C. Greg
ory and reyorted the disappearance of
Potter. Although berry did not intimate
that a murder had been committed, the
officials suspected the true state of af
fairs.
FIRST NEWS OF CBIME.
When Potter's body was found several
days afterward on the Contra Costa shore
a d<to cut under the left eye, a stab
in the back eight Inches deep and one
and a half inches in width showed that
he had undoubtedly been knocked down
with the first blow and then stabbed in
the back while lying- face downward.
The murdered boy and Pensacola were
employed In the different fishing camps
on Suisun Bay at what is known as the
"cut off" of Montezuma Slough. At this
place is a scow settlement of fishermen,
the principal one being known as the Big
Alec tcow. At this place tho man and
boy met that day and from what can be
learned cot Into an altercation. Shortly
afterward Potter started to return to his
scow in a Ekiff and was closely followed
thereafter by Pensacola in a fishing boat.
The latter overtook him Vbout a third
of a mile from the starting point and it
was then that the tragedy was enacted.
Pensacola was seen to Bail around Pot-
Ur's boat two or three times, the boats
coming tocether twice.
SDXSUN, Sept. 14.— Georg© Pensacola,
otherwise known as George Pachy, the
murderer who stabbed Fred Potter, a
boy, to death In a boat on Suisun Bay
en the afternoon of Tuesday, August IS,
and then cast his victim's body into the
bay, was run down yesterday by James
A. Keys, Sheriff of Solano County. The
arrest was mad© at New Westminster.
B. C, after a tiresome chase of over three
weeks.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Tha rumor was current In official cir
cles last night that Deputy United States
Marshal William P. Gamble, better known
as "Pete" Gamble, could not be found,
and is supposed to have left the city.
Gamble was the official who escorted the
six Chinese to the wharf at which tha
steamer Gaelic lay that tfiey might be
deported, and out of which case hai^
grown ugly scandal.
Little doubt is expressed that the dep
uty marshal has gone. It is stated that
a chain of evidence has been woven about
him so strong that he cannot possibly es
cape prosecution for complicity in the
substitution of the Monogollans. Men
prominent in the bureau state that tha
authorities will not have to depend on tha
evidence of Chinese alone to bring Gam
ble to justice, but that other evidence of
a most conclusive character has been se
cured, the nature of which they refuse to
divulge until the Grand Jury meets, the
latter part of this week.
Sensations are about to break in the
case. The District Attorney's office has
in its possession facts that will implicate
several whlta men. and some of them
are well known in this city. The bureau
was aware that the substitution would
be made before the morning on which
the steamer was to sail. Inspectors were
detailed to the wharf and will be able
to give testimony as to the entire trans
action. At present there are several Chi
nese in Chinatown under the surveillance
of the authorities and these are likely
to be arrested at any moment. Confes
sions and admissions are in the possession
of Chief Inspector'Meehan and everything
willbe laid before the Grand Jury.
Yesterday was an arduous one for
United State3 District Attorney Marshall
B. Woodworth and United States Mar
shal Shine. From early in the moraine
until 5:12 p. m. they were investigating
the substitution of six Chinese and they
were so engrossed in the case that they
were unable to go Jo their lunch.
At the conclusion of the session Mr.
Woodworth announced that he had al
most completed his Investigation, but that
he would not be prepared to take the
matter before the Federal Grand Jury
until Friday. He said he had nothing to
give out for publication except the state
ment that Tom Yung, the Chinese grafter
'now under arrest, appeared to be the only
Chinese person implicated in the scheme.
As Steward Leslie of the steamship Gae
lic had sailed away on the Gaelic, he said,
the case would remain to a Certain extent
Incomplete until his return, which would
be about the middle of October. On hla
arrival here he will be given an opportu
nity of making a very complete statement
as to whether the six .men delivered to
him on board the Gaelic by Mr. Gamble
were the six who were afterward taken
off the vessel by order of the United
States District Attorney. He has already
said that they were the same, but a more
extended and comprehensive statement
from him Is'd3ired. B'QMS
The manner in which the Chinese bu
reau handled the case has given rise to
much adverse comment. The facts that
the substitutes were allowed to remain on
board the ship for about three hours be
fore being taken ashore; that officers
were not sent to watch the jail on Friday
morning and shadow the carriage con
taining the Chinese and Gamble, and that
the men were not "stood up" at the gang
plank as soon as Gamble was about to
deliver them have occasioned much sur
prise. Had the necessary steps been ta
ken the guilt or Innocence of Deputy
Gamble would not have remained a mo
ment in doubt. As the case now stands
the defense, should Gamble be arrested,
will plead that there was opportunity for.
the substitution to have taken place on
the steamer during the three hours that
elapsed from the time of the reception o£
the men until they were taken on shore.
Evidence Before Grand Jury Will
Implicate Several Prominent
White If en and a Num
ber of Chinese.
Arresfc Is Made in British
Columbia After a
Long Chase.
Several members of the faculty of the
University of California, Including Presi
dent Wheeler, are among the members
of the new club. Other members are Mrs.
Phoebe A. Hearst.Mrs. H. E. Huntington.
Mrs.A. H. Voorhies, Mrs. John Simpson,
George McNear, Will Taylor, Joseph
Garber, Mrs. Cyrus Walker, Mrs. Elea
nor Martin and Mrs. Ira Martin.
The officers of the club are: Edwin
Goodall. president : Frank M. Wilson,
vice president: William P. Johnson, treas
urer; Sam Bell McKee, secretary.
Sam Bell McKee, secretary of the
club, admitted that there had been a
hitch in the purchase of the Adams prop
erty, but declined to say whether or not
the Rock Ridge grounds would be pur
chased.
The Adams property consists of 124
acres and is deemed an ideal spot for a
country club. • The Rock Ridge or old
Livermore grounds form 106 acres of fine
property. Either of the above is. consid
ered an excellent spot for the country
home of such a club.
Attorney de Golla said that next week
the arrangements would be I completed so
that the building of the club grounds
could proceed without a hitch.
HITCH IN PURCHASE.
George E. de Golla, attorney for the
club, when Interviewed to-day in regard
to the club's new move intimated that tho
Rock Ridge property would be purchased.
He declined to state which way the mem.
bers of the new club leaned, but said that
if the members saw a way to save be
tween 530,000 and $40,000 they would un
doubtedly do so, leaving it to be inferred
that Havens had made an offer to sell
the Rock Ridge property at a price far
below that which Adams had asked for
his Claremont ground.
The club has now split into two fac
tions, one advocating the purchase, of the
Rock Ridge property, in North Oakland,
owned by the Realty Syndicate, and the
other still holding that the Claremont
land would make the more desirable place
for a country club.
Prank C. Havens of the Realty Syndi
cate, with the aid of William P. Johnson,
treasurer of the club, who interjected the
Rock Ridge property, known as the old
Livermore tract, into the field, seems to
have exerted enough Influence to switch
the purchase to Havens' land.
So certain were the officers of the club
that Adams' Claremont property would
be the home of the club that several
members took initial steps and erected a
number of bungalows throughout the;
property. The grounds command a fine
view of Oakland and the Golden Gate and
are easily reached from Claremont ave
nue. . .. - :
There has been a hitch in the purchase
o* the property to be used by the recently
formed Oakland Country Club for its
country home.- A new site for the home
of the club has been put into the field.
The club was formed recently, and It
was the Intention of its promoters to ex
cel Burllngame. The membership Is com
posed of Alameda County's most promi
nent, exclusive and wealthy citizens.
At the time of the club's inception it
was given out that an option upon a piece
of property near Claremont, owned by
Edson F. Adams, had been seoured. The
Immediate purchase of the land and the
erection of a 140,000 clubhouse were con
sidered a certainty.
Golf links, tennis courts, polo grounds
and runs for .the cross-country rides were
to bo constructed. All outdoor sports
were to be held there, and it was the in
tention of the club to make its new or
ganization by far the best on the coast.
The main endeavor of the club was to put
the Oountry Club of Burllngame in the
shade completely.
Bonds for 1150,000 were to have been is
sued for the purchase of the home
grounds and perfection of the retreat.
ERECT BUNGALOWS.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
. 1118 Broadway, Sept. 14.
PEKING, Sept. 14.-CW Chung Tung,
Director of Commerce, is urging the Min
isters to use their influence with Prince
Ching, the president of the Foreign Of
fice, to reject the latest Russian propos
als regarding the evacuation of Manchu
ria. He fears that Ching will accept
them unless pressure is brought to bear
on him. M. Uchida. the Japanese Minis
ter here, has warned Ching against the
acceptance of the Russian propositions.
Minister Conger desires that the port on
the Yalu River to be opened shall be
Yangtung instead of Tatungtao, naval
reports showing that Yangtung has the
best harbor.
LONDON. Sept. 14.— Japan and Great
Britain have exchanged views on the lat
est demands made by Russia on China,
and decided to protest separately to the
Peking government against their accept
ance. In case this should prove fruitless
and Russia continue her occupation of
Manchuria, Japan proposes to break off
the negotiations with Russia for a defini
tion of their respective rights in Manchu
ria and Korea, and to demand of the St.
Petersburg government that it order the
evacuation of Chinese territory.
"We cannot permit the postponement of
the evacuation," said the Japanese
authority, "for Russia would utilize the
additional time to strengthen her fleet
and army In the Far East. Already her
naval tonnage there is equal to ours. Pub
lic sentiment in Japan is deeply stirred by
Russia's failure to carry out her promises
to evacuate Manchuria and demands the
withdrawal of her troops on the date fixed
a year ago."
MINISTERS HIT
COURT FINDINGS
Throughout the volume one is shown
Bismarck's devotion to the King of Prus
sia and the latter's great ability to guide
the policy of his .kingdom and influence
the politics of other countries. The let
ters supply most valuable glimpses into
the hidden history of the days of Bis
marck and William I.
Volume II of the letters is equally in
teresting and gives the true explanation
of many hitherto obscure incidents of
the past.
It Is a remarkable coincidence that the dis
cussion of this manifesto which is to be
presented to our royal master takes place on
the birthday of the youngest heir to the throne.
In this coincidence, gentlemen, we eee a re
doubled call to enter the lists boldly for the
kingly rights, boldly for the rights of his Maj
esty's successors. The Prussian kingly office
has not yrt fulfilled Its mission; it is not yet
ready to be dovetailed like a red piece of ma
chinery Into the mechanism of the parliamen
tary regime.
How well Bismarck carried out hlB
master's will and introduced the "patri
otic sentence" can be seen In* the follow
ing extract from a speech which he made
the same day, January 27, 1863, in the
Landtag. He said: •
Good luck to you. Make it very clear
that the second (lower) house la abusing Its
rights, and is working the ruin of the coun
try; that the upper house has also abused
Its rights and has placed Itself 'oh the side
of the Government; defect In the constitu
tion; that there also the Kins has only to con-
Fult his royal duty, and work the machine
without a budget until the account 1» subse
quently laid before the Becond Chamber and
voted v ¦
The Prince also desired that certain of
his personal political letters exchanged
with his contemporaries should be- made
public, as they were to be made a sup
plement and authenticate his biography.
The Prince himself selected these letters,
which w*re found after his death care
fully arranged in portfolios.
The work is in two volumes. The cor
respondence with William I is contained
in the first volume; in the second volume
la the correspondence with other political
personages. Among the letters in volume
I (dated Coblentz, January 29, 1S53) is one
from William I (the Prince of Prussia)
to Bismarck, in which the former refers
to the marriage between Napoleon III and
the Countess Montijo, as follows:
The Montijo marriage 6eta me agreeably at
rest, because no European princely house need
unite Itself with the parvenu. I am cu
rious to Bee h(jw thl«' episode will agree with
Napoleon— politically and corporally. Only no
sleeping on our side— but also no nonsensical
writing, Ilka the Kreux Zeltung, which Is com
pletely crazy. Tours, PR. OF P.
That «lVilliam I had a firm hold of the
helm of state may be Judged from a let
ter which he sent to Bismarck January
27, 1863, reading:
I want to remind you, in connection with
to-day's battle, that to-day Is the birthday of
my grandson, my second successor, If God
so wills, which might perhaps be mentioned
In a patriotic sentence Jf it could be j made
convenient.
NEW YORK, Sept. 14.— An additional
chapter in the history of the world will
be published here and in London to-mor^
row by the Frederick A. Stokes Com
pany. It consists of the correspondence
between "William I and Bismarck and
other letters from and to Prince Bis
marck, which have been translated from
the German by J. A. Ford. These letters,
it is stated, are published by the late
Prince Bismarck's express desire, as he
considered they would show better than
can be done In any other way "the uniqae
relationship which existed between him
and bin auzust master."
The Thirty-ninth District delegation to
the Republican convention elected I. D.
Bluxam chairman and T. E. Atkinson
secretary on Sunday evening, and at the
same time indorsed R. H. Countryman for
the chairmanship of the convention.
, The Forty-second Assembly District
delegation to the Republican convention
met last night and Indorsed George R.
Wells for Supervisor. ¦
The Republican delegates of the Thir
tieth Assembly, District met last night at
Eighth and Folsom streets and elected J.
F. Lawler chairman and Frank Roach
secretary. The delegates agreed to vote
as a unit
The -Twenty-eighth District delegation
to the Republican- convention met last
night and elected Walter Larsen chair
man and George Cooney secretary.
After a meeting of the full organization
committee - of the United Republican
League last night T. D. Riordan of the
Forty-third Assembly District. A. Ruef
of the Forty-fifth and Henry Ach of the
Fortieth, the three meihbers of the or
ganization committee of the United Re
publican League who are delegates to the
convention, met for the purpose of dis
cussing preliminary arrangements for the
Republican Convention, which will be held
to-night at the Alhambra Theater.
Ruef, Riordan and Ach determined-that
neither would accept the chairmanship of
the convention, and for the matter of
that would take no office whatever, and
would decline even to serve on any com
mittee. Each agreed to support 'John S.
Partridge for the chairmanship, providing
he would accept.
The full organization committee, con
sisting of seven" members, discussed pre?
liminaries and concluded to deviate from
the < rule of last "year and have three sec
retaries, who will be chosen from dele
gates 'to the convention. and. not, as for
merly/from non-delegates. Three vice
chairmen will be similarly selected.
At the conclusion of the meeting at the
Alhambra Theater to-night' the convention
•will adjourn until September 23.
Substitution of Chinese for
Deportation Is Laid at
His Door.
Should It Go Unheeded, the
Mikado Will Submit an
. Ultimatum.
Trio Is Ready to Support
Partridge if He Will But
Solano Sheriff Captures
the Slayer of Fred
Potter.
Explain Many Hitherto Ob
ecurer Incidents of the.
Past.
Plan to Throw Over Adams
Property for Rock
Rrtge Site.
Deputy Marshal Is Al
leged to Be in
Hiding.
Ruef, Riordan and Ach
Resolve to Eschew
the Honor.
Letters of William I and
Bismarck to Be
Published.
Tokio and London to
Make One Final
Protest.
Hitch in Purchase of
New Country Club
Grounds.
OFFICIALS
SAY GAMBLE
IS MISSING
HISTORY GAINS
NEW CHAPTER
WILL NOT TAKE
CLAREMONT LAND
WILL DECLINE
CHAIRMANSHIP
CONFESSION
COMES FROM
A MURDERER
RUSSIAN POLICY
ANGERS JAPAN
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1903.
HAS ORDERS
TO SPARE NO
GUILTY MAN
BERKELEY, Sept. 14.^-John R. Spring
has purchased the Interest of Louis Titus
In the- University Heights property; of 250
acres for $62,000, thus consummating the
largest real estate deal in : the history of
Berkeley. . Spring contemplates building a
$100,000 hotel at the crest of the hill over
looking the bay and to found an automo
bile line to carry passengers to It.-
Buys University ; Heights Lots.
OAKLAND," Sept. 14.— The following
marriage licenses were issued' by the
County ; Clerk to-day : Charles J. Luch
slnger, 25, - and Florence M. Stanley, i 18,!
both I ot San Francisco; Frank G. Duarte,
23, andvTheresa'D. Andrade, 19, both of
Cehtervllle; George T. Crandell Jr., over
21, and Ethel Brown, over 18, ; both of Ala
meda; Henry H. Gray, 24, and Gertrude
M-V Grant, « 23.' both of San Francisco;
James W.\ Jenks, 21, and Mary A. Crabbe,
20, both ;of Sacramento.
9
ADVERTISEMENTS'.
NERVOUS WOMEN
Women who are almost dis-
tracted at the slightest noise, who
are easily fatigued and unable to
sleep, should commence taking
Hostetter's Stomach, Bitters at
once. Hundreds of women suf-
fering from Female Complaints
have voluntarily testified to its
efficacy in cases of Cramps, Nau-
sea, Headache, Insomnia, Indiges-
tion and Constipation. You will
therefore make no mistake in try-
ing it. Don*t accept a substitute.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS.
FREE PgjgSTRY
ABTZSXxC trUi«I> tftUJulVQB
Painlessly InterUrd for the cont ot material.
Teeifc cleaned and regulated free. Natural
locking artificial teeth mads to nt th« mwt
difficult caw*. "¦
All our work is ruaranteed for 20 yeari.
Vfcln* the purest cold, our fUUiuri will not turn
black or fall out.
Week I>aye. 9 to 9: Sunday*, 9 to 1.
Painless Metncds. Extraction Tree.
Graduates Only. Cleanlnr Free.
POST-GE&DUATE DEBTTAX C0I.LXGE
San rranclsco — 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland — 973 Wasnlnrton Street.
Sas Jo**— 45 East Santa Clara- Street.
Headaches From
Army Life,
Finally Caused Nerv-
ous Dyspepsia.
Dr. Miles' Nervine Cured
Me.
Nervousness, indigestion and insomnia are *
the three greatest afflictions of mankind.
Attended as they are by a thousand dis-
agreeable symptoms ths victim is in constant
misery. Pity the person who cannot sleep,
enjoy his food nor secure rest and peace vi
mind. Dr. Miles' Nervine is z sure cure for
all three maladies. It soothes ths brain.
strengthens the nerves of the stomach and
digestive organs, bringing sleep, rest, health,
strength and a good digestif.
"Smallpox contracted while in the army,
left me with a disease of the spir.e, nearly
blind, and with a complication of nervous
affections. Perhaps the most distressing of
all my troubles were the sick headaches
which grew more frequent and sever: as the
years passed by, until 1 became a confinnel
dyspeptic with all the characteristic symp-
toms of nervousness, indigestion, ana in*
somnia. In roy search for health, I left m*
old home in Aroostoolt county, Maine, and
located in the west. Soon after coming here
my attention was called to Dr. Miles' Re-
storative Nervine, and I decided to try it.
It soon stopped my headaches and I have
not had one since. When I had taken si*
bottles my health was wonderfully improved
.in every way. I am well today, eat and
sleep all right and in fact feel that my youth
has been renewed."—). B. Byron, New
Whatcom, Wash.
All druggists sell and guarantee first bot-
tle Dr. Miles' Remedies. Send for free book
on Nervous and Heart Diseases. Addrasa
Dr. Miles Medical Co, Elkhirt, LmU
ADVERTISEMENTS.¦ ." ' TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 15. ' ,
Sun rises ;.......... .6:00
Sun sets '.,'. ........,...'.........".....¦... .. .0:20
Moon rises ....0:00 a.m.
0 iTime Time . 'Tlme| Time
(• Ft — — Ft |- 1 Ft Ft
• ¦ jH W L W .:' |H W| |I/W
16 7:07 4.3 11:551 2.8 5:50 6.21. : .. . I. .. ..
L W H W i-- L .W . H W . » • :
IS 0:58 '0.2 8:08| 4.6 1:05 2.8 7:03 8.3
li 1:64 0.1 8:57 4.8 2:0B 2.4 8:12 '&.*
18 2:45 0.0 9:40 v 5.1 3:00 -2.0 9:15 5.5
19 3:32 0.0 10:20 ; 5.4 3:51 1.6 10:14 - 5.7
20 4:21) 0.2|10:58 5.6 4:41 : 1.0 11:081 5.0
21 f 5:04| 0.5Ul:35| 6.7| 5:29 0.7|. ....(.....
NOTE-^In the above exposition of the tldei
the early, morning tides. are given In the left
hand colqmn and ' the successive . tides of the
day la the order of occurrence as to time; the
The steamer Nevadan sailed on Sunday for
Honolulu and Kahului with a general mer
chandise cargo valued at 1144,344. The prin
cipal shipments were as follows: 625 bbls Hour
10.000 lbs rice. 310.C00 lbs salt. 139 pkgs fresh
fruits. 130 pkgs potatoes, 05 pkgs onions. C475
lba fresh meat 1330 lbs fresh flsh. 328 c»
dressed poultry. 75 cs eggs. 813 lbs butter.
£258 lbs 7 cs cbeese, 6272 ctls barley, lCC.SOl
lbs bran, 39.S00 lba middlings, 03 ctls oats, 07
Merchandise for \ Hawaii.
The steamer Queen sailed on Sunday for Vic
toria with an assorted merchandise cargo, con
signed to the port of destination and the prin
cipal British Columbian ports, valued at $15 -
227. and including the following: 1287 pgs fresh
fruit 41 pkgs fresh vegetables, 1000 lbs sugar.
10B3 lbs coffee, 1520 lbs meal. 255 gals 5 cs
wine. 24 pkgs groceries and provisions, 20,000
lbs soda, 217 lbs cheese. 634 pkgs paste. 550
cs canned goods, 859 lbs chocolate, 1500 lbs
glucose, 100 cs whisky, 113.195 lbs malt, 10 cs
honey, 21.625 lbs dried fruit, 2 cs brandy,
107.WO lbs salt. 2500 lbs raisins, 9000 lbs beans.
123 pkgs onions, 48 cs arms and ammunition. 5
flasks quicksilver. 10 cyls gas. 250 tins
matches. 3 cs electrical supplies. 193 sks wood
pulp, 3 bbls lime. 6 pkgs leather, 64 boiler
tubes, 68 pkgs Iron, 21 pkgs steel, b pkg»
paints. S63 lbs starch, 14 bids broom corn, 1
pkg machinery. ¦
Exports for British Columbia.
Sailed Sept.: 14— Stmr City of Seattle, for
Skagway; stmr City of Topeka for Skagway.
Arrived — Sept."" ¦ 14 — Stmr- - Excelsior. <• from
Alaska;, «tmr Nome City, ¦ from Valdez;. stmr
Meteor, from Nome. ' ;¦¦' •
Arrived Sept. . 14^ — Stmr : Excelsior, ': from
Juneau; stmr Nome City, from Valdea; stmr
Meteor, from Nome; stmr Dolphin, from Skag
way. ¦ ¦ • : -' .-: 1 - . ¦-:'¦',
- Arrived Sept. 14— Stmr Dolphin, from Skag
way. . "fiii^i.>'||ftiatiW||j*tm H^utM^iT'Ml.Hri LJ. uJ
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Sent 13-pSchr
E. K. Wood,' from San Pedro. , .
Sailed ScDt. 13 — Schrs W. J. Patterson ' and
Lizzie • Vance, for San Pedro; brig Lurline,
Kimr Grace Dollar in tow; stmr Rival, for
San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Sept. 14 — Schr "ladle,
from San Pedro, and sailed for Umpqua.
SEATTLE — Arrived Seot • 13— Stnr i Oregon
from Nome. ,
Sailed — Sept. 13— Stmr. Edjth, for San Fran
cisco. ' •
DOMESTIC PORTS.
LONDON, Sent,. 14. — Ship Helen Brewer,
from Java, March B for Delaware Break
water, and the ¦ Ur ' slilo ¦ MHttr. Park, : from
London, March 31. for Fremantle. are n&w
unlnsurable. ¦' • : . - '-'. '¦- < •
¦ POINT LOBOS, Sept. 14, 10 p. m. — Weather
hazy and calm.
MISCELLANEOUS..
TELEGRAPHIC.
Aug. 30, in lat. 43 N, long. 26 W, French
bark Ducheane, from Portland for Queenstown.
CLEARED.
September 14.
Stmr George W. Elder, Randall, for As
toria; O. R. & N.
8AILED.
September 14.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen. for Caspar.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicholson, for San Pedro.
Stmr Czarina. S»aman. for Coos Bay.
Stmr Argo. Dunham, for Eel River.
Schr Novelty, Hoffman, for Willapa Harbor.
Schr Lizzie Prlen. Hansen. for Coquille
French man-of-war Protet, for Adlgard.
SPOKEN.
September 14.
Stmr Corona. Johnson, 20 houra from Eu-
r *Stmr State of California, - Thomas, 40 hours
from San Dieco. . _
Stmr City -of Puebta, Jepsen, i6 hours from
Stmr Cella. Nordbergr, 9 hours from Pigeon
Point, hence Sept. 11 for Mendocino, returned
on account of short of coal.
Stmr Coronado, Petersen, 41 hours from San
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, 44 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr W. H. Kruger, Ahlin, 44 hours from
San Pedro. «?.".'- '¦':'."'¦
Nor utinr Tellun, Arntzen, 86 > hours from
Irtdj'smlth. Ha M -.
Ship Centennial, Stannard, 18 days from
Cooks Inlet. . •
Ship Tacoma, Pedersen, 23 days from
Kaknek. . , ; .
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Salmon Ship Arrives.
The ship Centennial arrived yesterday, 16
days from Cooks Inlet. She brought 45,011
cas-c-s of ealmon.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The German steamer Eva Is chartered for
lumber from Portland. to China (time charter).
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The steamship Cella, which left here Sep
tember 11 for Mendocino, returned to port yes
terday short of coal. She encountered a heavy
head wind outside and In bucking it as far as
Pigeon Point her furnaces consumed eo much
fuel that Captain Norbery decided it would be
safer to return and refill his bunkers than to
run the risk of running out of coal fartiui up
the coast. . .* ...
• *
Heturns for Coal.
Owners of coastwise vessels are preparing to
make a battle for business and there is in im
mediate prospect a rate war which will affect a
large fleet of all kinds of coasters. The rate
for lumber frcm Puget Sound to this port has
for some time been $4 50 and $5 50 to southern
ports. That the rate remained at this figure
wts due to the mutual efforts of the majority
of the lecal ship owners, who, without entering
into any agreement, are said to have been
unanimous in declining business at a lower
Pgure. The steam schooner men, however, are
charged with having cut the rates, and yester
day the word was passed . around among the
ship owners that for the present the primeval
law cf every man for himself would rule the
carrying of coast lumber. That rates will be
cut Is certain, and It is also in the plan of
campaign to put into the trade a few very
large carriers, vessels now engaged in off shore
business and with a carrying capacity esti
mated in the millions. With these large car
riers and the aid of a very -low rate it is pro
posed to teach the rate shavers a lesson and
incidentally to bring to a speedy close the bat
tle for unremuneratl\-e business
Coastwise Rate War.
. The French cruiser Protet went outside the
heads yesterday for a short cruise, during
which the repairs made while in port were
riven a test She will leave shortly for Esqui
malt.
Protet Takes Short Cruise.
Notice Is hereby given that on September 5,
1003. Columbia River . outside bar whistling
buoy, nun shaped, surmounted by a whistle,
was moved into eighty-four feet of water and
about three miles SE. % S. of its former posi
tion. North Head lighthouse, N. % E. Cape
Disappointment lighthouse, NNE. 9i E. (east
erly). Point Adams (discontinued) lighthouse,
ThVn'otice affects the List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast. 1003, pages 43 and 51.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
C G. OA.L*KI^ St
Commander, U. S. N., Lighthouse Inspector.
Notice to Mariners.
OREGON AND WASHINGTON
. NOME — Arrived Aug 20 — Btmr Ellhu Thom
son, from Seattle. Aug. 21 — Stmr Jeanie, from
Seattle. Au?. 23 — Russian rev cutter Man
chour; stmr Aztec, from Seattle.
Sailed— Aug. 20— Stmrs Roanoke and Eu
reka, for Seattle; Aug 22— Stmr Jeanie, for
Kcdlak. •
PORTLAND — Arrived Sept. 14 — Stmr Hom
er, from Alaska: stmr Yeddo, from Port
Townsend.
Sailed— Sept. 14 — Stmr Columbia, for San
Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed Sept. 14— Stmr Umatllla,
for San Francisco, vln Seattle; etmr City of
Seattle for Alabka; stmr Charles Nelson, for
Kedondo: stmr Luxor, for South American
and German ports.
TATOOSH— Passed in Sept. 14— Br ship
Samaritan, from Yokohama for Townsend.
GOLOFIN BAY— Failed Aug. 20— Schr Vega,
for SanFranciscd.'"
BANDON— Arrived Sept. 13 — Stmr Chicc,
hence Sept. 6.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Sept. 14 — Schr
Inca. ¦ •
Sailed— Sept. 14— Schr Aloha, for Hllo.
Pawed, in Sept. 1) — Stmr Meteor, from
Nome, for Seattle. . - -
REDONDO— Arrived Sept. 14— Schr Metha
Nelson, from Eurekn.
- VENTURA — Sailed Sept. 14 — Stmr Asuncion,
for Redorido.
EUREKA— Arrived Seot. 13— Stmr San Pe
dro, hence Sept. 12.
Sailed— Sept. 14— Br bark City of Hankow,
for Sydney.
Sailed— Sept. 14— Stmr Eureka, for San
Francisco. . .
Arrived S»pt. 14— etmr Pomona, hence Sept.
13; Btmr Alliance, from Coos Bay.
Sailed Sept. 14— Br bark Collintrove, for
Sydney.
Sailed" Sept. 14— 'Schr Americana, for Syd
ney. ;
PORT HARFORD— Sailed S?pt. 14— Stmr
Bonita. for Kan Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Sept. 14—
Stmr Santa Barbara, for Son Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed 'Sept. 14— Stmr Na
tional City, for San Francisco.
REDONDO— Arrived Sept. 14 — Stmr George
Loomls. hence Sept. 12; schr Transit, from
Grays Harbor.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept. 14— Stms Pren
tlss and Masdalay, hence Sept. 12; stmr Pas
adena, from Mendocino; ¦ schr Cecilia Sudden,
from Grays Harbor. . ' :
Sailed — Sept. 14 — Stmr Redondo. for San
Francisco.
ISLAND PpRTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed Sect 13— Stmr City of
Peking, for San Francisco; bktn Lahalna,' lor
Eleele.
MA K A WELI— Arrived Sept. 14— Bark W. B.
Flint, from Honolulu. .
FOREIGN PORTS.
CADIZ— Sailed Auk. 27— Ger stmr Abydos,
for Sp.n Francisco. . . •
GUATEMALA— Sailed Aug 20— Ger stmr
Denderah, for Hamburg.
SYDNEY— Sailed Sept. 12— Br bark Queen
Margaret, for Honolulu.
TENERIFFE— Sailed Aug. 30— Ger stmr
Abydos, for fan Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Scot. 13— Jbd stmr
America Maru, hence Aug. 2U. •
AUCKLAND— Arrived Sept. 14— Stmr Si
erra, hence Aug. 27.
NEWCASTLE— Arrived Sept. 14— Schr Ka.1
lua,.from Durban. . . ' :..-.. -¦-.
BRISBANE — Arrived Sept. 12— Br stmr
Aoransi, from Vancouver.
HAMBURG— Arrived Sept. 11 — Ger stmr
MemphU. hence May 14.
HAKODATE— Sailed Sept. 12 — Dan stmr
Arab, for San Frp.ncisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept. 14— Stmr Ryn
dam, from Rotterdam. v.
Ariived Sept. 14 — Stmr Bovic, from Liver
pool.-
NAPLES— Sailed Sept. 14— Stmr Perugia, for
New York. ; . ¦
GENOA— Arrived Sept. 14— Stmr Lombardi,
from New York. - .
BREMEN— Arrived Sept. i 13— Stmr Freld
erich der Grosse, from New York.
GLASGOW — Sailed Sept. 12 — Stmr Pomer
anian, for Montreal.
HAMBURQ—Arrived Sect. 12— Stmr Moltke,
from New York, via Plymouth. Sept. 11 —
Stmr Memphis, from San Francisco, \ia Guay
aquil.
SUKZ— Arrived Sept. 14— Stmr Heathford.'
from Hongkong, for New York. -
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
. Time and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point., entrance to. San
Francisco Bay.' Published by official au
thority ct the Superintendent ' t
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height of
tide is the; same at both, places.
The time ball on the Ferry building was
dropped exactly at noon to-day, 1. e.. at noon
of the 120th meridian, or at 8 p. m., Greenwich
time. V . >-.'.- J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S, N.. In charge.
. •
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Branch Hydrograrhlc Office, V. S. N., Mer
chants' ¦ Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
September 1-4. • ¦¦; i-.;-.
Time Ball.
Tho gasoline schooner Monterey is having
fair succef* in the whaling waters and is ex
pected to come home with a very good catch.
The latest news from the little whaler reachej
here yesterday in a letter from Edward Peters,
the Monterey's engineer, to Frank Peters, port
engineer for the Henry Peterson gasoline
launch fleet. When the Monterey left here old
whalers laughed at Captain Foley for thinking
he could get near whales with anything #o
noity as a gasoline engine. According to Pe
ttrE, the auxiliary power has been the salva
tion of the cruise and without it the Monterey
would have returned to pert most dismally
"clean." She has already got one whale.
Thr«* others were harpooned, but lost, and a
fouith had to be abandoned. Thif fourth
-.'. •.;.:.¦ was killed and made fast alongside, but
before the sharp spades of the bone and blub
ber cutters could transfer the odoriferous treas
ure to the Bchocner's hold a stcrm compelled
the cutting adrift cf the prize. One of the
whale* that wa& lost capsized a boat and got
away in the dark. Mste Wilson was In the
upturned boat. and. according to Peters, has
little hope of recovering from the effects of the
Fubmersion. The Peters letter was written
July 31 from Pirates Cove. Wilfon was con
fired to his bunk, and. to all appearances, a
dyirjr man. The Monterey was to leave for
the Bering Sea and Captain Foley did not ex
pect to go to the Arctic.
Her Engine a Big Help.
ctls corns, 125 ctls wheat. 65 bales hay. 1975
lbs coffee. 760 lbs tea. 3S0S lbs prepared flsh,
86 pkgs groceries and provisions, 474 cs canned
goods, 3117 lbs beans, 7810 lbs codfish. 688; lbs
dried fruit, 2041 gals 10 cs wine. 3270 lbs 16
cs meals, 1243 lbs peas. 25S cs 28 bbls whisky,
11 cs mineral water, 17 cs liquors, 691 pkgs
beer. €5 gals alcohol. 000 lbs 12 cs chocolate.
1718 lbs pmoked meats, 155 cs 106 pkgs sal
mon, 218 pkgs paste, 14 pkgs olives, 46 cs salad
oil, 5C79 lbs ham and bacon. 11 bbls vinegar,
23 cs syrup. 14 cs' baking powder, 2787 lbs
candy 300 l'os hops, 1682 lbs 245 pkgs bread.
6 pkgs raisin?, 7740 lbs lard, 10,640 lbs sugar,
01 cs matches. 80 pkgs paper, 9 pkgs bicycles
and parts, 178 pkgs dry jroodi", 67 cs boots and
shoes, 19 cs hats and caps, 19tf pkgs v drugs and
sundries, 438 pkgs paints. 14, cs electrical sup
plies 287 bdls 175 pes iron, 3O.bdls 678 pes
steel, 202 pkgs wire, 1392 lbs tin plate. .625
bbls cement. 7C0 cs blasting powder, 42 caps
and fuse. 11,730 lba fertilizer. 16 cs tubes, 8
horses, 1404 pkgs railroad material, 27 pkgs
machinery. 1071 bxs scap. 17 cs arms and am
munition 6 balee bags, 14 cs oils. 171 bdls iron
building material. 530 lbs: line, 219 pkgs rope,
90 pkgs nails. 2* cs s'wing machines, 12,100 cs
coal oil. Ill cs candles. 1120 lbs soda, 110
boiler tubes, 5 cs turpentine. 63 sks coal. 2000
posts, 27K0 gals distillate, 330 gals gasoline, 3.
bales twine, 2 cs leather.
W. II. Lane, a member of the Danby
Company, claims that S. I. Danby, his
partner, is endeavoring to cheat him out
of his interest in the firm. In a suit filed
by Lane yesterday he sfks that five
eighths of the stock of the firm be de
clared in trust for his benefit.
Fears He Is Being Cheated.
WHALER THAT • IS HAVING
LUCKY VOYAGE AND TWO
OF HER OFFICERS. \ .'
Steamer. From. .; I Due.
Chico Coquille River Sept. 15
i Del Norte.^... Crescent City . Sept. 15
Chas. Neiaon.. Seattle Sept. 13
St. Paul Nome via Seattle Sept. 15
Nebraskan {Honolulu & Kahului. Sept 15
Alliance ! Portland' A Way Ports.|Sfcpt. IS
: Boniti i Newport & Way Ports Sept. 15
Montara .'.il'ort Harford ....Sept. 10
¦Wellington. . . Oyster Harbor Sept. Hi
G. Dollar Grays Harbor Sept. 16
Rival... Willapa Harbor Sept. 10
Edith.. .i Seattle Sept 16
: North Fork... Humboldt Sept. 10
Phoenix Mendocino Sept. 16
I Redondo San Pedro Sept. 16
San Pedro Ilumboldt Sept. 16
F. H. Lescett. Portland Sept. 17
Centralia San Pedro Sept. 17
Argo Eel River Ports Sept. 17
B.-Barbara Ban Pedro Sept. 17
Pomona - Ilumboldt Sept. li
Columbia Portland & Astoria. .. Sept. 17
City Sydney.. New York via Panama Sept. 17
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. | Sept. 17
Point Arena... Mendocino & Pt. Arena! Sept. 17
Arcata Cocs Bay & Pt. Orford.,Sept. 17
Eureka Humboldt .../.. |Sept. ID
City Peking... China & Japan Sept. ltf
UmatUia Puget Sound Ports. . . . Sept. 13
Cccs Day San Pedro & Way Pts. Sept. 19
Corona Humboldt Sept. 20
L.uxor Seattle Sept. 'JO
Ktate Callforn San Diego & Way Pts.. Sept. 21
S. Portland.. Portland & Astoria ... Sept. 21
J. Dollar Seattle A Tacoma Sept 21
Npwburgr Grays Harbor.. Sept. 21
Alameda | Honolulu Sept. 22
G. \V. Elder... Portland & Astoria Sept. 22
Newport New York via Panama. Sept. rt
Queen Puget Sound Ports .... Sept. 24
TO SAIL. '¦
Steamer. Destination. Sails.l Pier.
September 15. |
Coronado.. Grays Harbor 4 pm|Pler 10
Iaqua Humboldt 2 pmiPier 2
Acme Sluslaw River | 3 pm Pier 2
Arctic Humboldt I 0 am Pier 10
C. Nelson... Los Angeles Ports. \ 10 am Pier 2
Rainier F.eattle & Whateom -4 pm Pier 10
G. W. E!Jt Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 21
September 10.
San Pedro.. Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Chico Coquille River ... 6 pm Pier 2
Corona Humboldt l:30pPler 9
September 17.
Alliance.... Portland « Pier 16
, Centralia... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
S Barbara. Seattle & Olympia. 4 pm Pier 2
Phoenix Mendocino City 1 pm Pier 13
I State of Cal. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 1»
Sonoma Sydney & W. Pts.. 2 pm Pier 7
September 18.
Rival Willapa Harbor... 4 pm Pier 2
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
; Eonlta...... Newport Way Pts. 9 am Pier l!»
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma . 5 pm Pier 2
September .1O.
¦Pomona Humboldt 11:30 p Pier 9
! ¥i 'Arena.. Point Arena I 4 pmiPier 2
A^cata Coos B.&Pl. Orford 10 amiPler 13
North Fork. Kumboldt 5 pm Pier 2
H. K. Maru China Ac Japan.... 1 pmfPier 40
Colon .... N. Y. via Panama. 12 mlPler 40
September 20. I t
S. Rosa.... San Dieco & Way. 9 am|Pier 19
Columbia... ABtoria 11 amiPier z*
Wariposa... Tahiti Direct 11 am Pier 7
F. H. Legge Humboldt 4. pm Pier 2
September 21.
Ching Wo.. China and Japan .. 2 pm Pier 23
September 22.
Coos Bay Kan Pedro & Way. 9 am(Pi«r 19
September 23. I
Um&tilla... Puset Sound Ports. 11 amiPler 9
September 2-L
Luxor-.*. Hamburg & Way
S. Portland Astoria & Portland -.
Newburg .. Grays Harbor | 4 pm Pier 10
FROM SEATTLE.
. Steamer. . For." Sails.
Santa Ana. 1 ... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Sept 10
Dolphin Skagway &.Way Ports. Sept. lt»
Nome City Nome ............ Sept. 2O
Portland Nome & St. Michael.. Sept. 20
Cottage City. . I Skagway & Way Ports Sept 20
Humboldt.... Skagway &.Way Ports. Sept. 21,.
Dirico.... .. . Pkagway & Way Pprts. Sept. 21
Valencia Nome .• :...". Sept. 22
City Seattle... Skagway & Way Ports. Sept 20
Al-Ki. • ...... Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 26
City Topeka.: Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 28
Roanokt* ...... Nome & St, Michael.. .| Sept. 28
The BIrius at GO per cent yesterday
cheered up the speculators who had in
vested In her by putting in an appearance
at Chile. She was out 143 days from Lon
don. The arrival of the Sirlus caused the
marking down of the Andcra, out 146 days
from Balti?nore for Iquique, from 35 to 20
per cent.
There was added to the list of overdues
the British tramp steamship Laurel
Branch, which was in this port a few
months ago. She is out. 23 days from Cor
onel for Punta Arenas and Is more than
two weeks overdue. She is quoted at 30
per cent.
cially declared unlnsurable. • ! If
nothing is heard of them in the meantime
they will be posted at Lloyds in about two
weeks as missing. The time between now
and the formal declaration of their pass
ing will be used in investigating all avail
able sources of Information In the hope
of learning some reason other than ship
wreck for their non-appearance. The
Helen Brewer left Java March 6 for Del
aware Breakwater and is thus out 193
days — considerably longer than the long
est passage previously recorded. That
unusual calms have prevailed in the wat
ers through which lay her course has
been shown by the experience of other
vessels and hope in the brewer's safety
dies hard. The vessel Is well known here
and more than $225,000 has been wagered
on her "to arrive," at rates varying from
75 to 90 per cent.
The Milton ! Park is out 16S days from
London for Fremantle. There has been
comparatively little speculation on her
"to arrive," the coast for which she was
heading being notoriously fatal for crip
pled ships. Hope is still expressed for the
Helen Brewer, but the Milton Park has
for some time been looked upon as lost.
THE names of the ships Helen
Brewer and Milton Park were
yesterday placed on the board for
inquiry and the vessels were offi-
Captain James Brown of the treasurs
hunting schooner Herman was arrested
by Deputy United States Marshal Burn
ham on a Federal warrant charging the j
captain with having assaulted R. Kare- j
shlna, the steward of the vessel, while {
on the high seas. There are five charges j
cf assault. ;
Captain Brown Rearrested.
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
Petitions in Insolvency.
Petitions in insolvency were filed yes
terday in the United States District Court
as follows: George W. Dlx, mechanic,
Redding. liabilities $2221, assets S440; Mar
tin Stoppenhagen, employe of the Cali
fornia Wine Association. San Francisco,
liabilities J5C5, assets $50; Frank Sunr.a
frank, merchant. Bodie, $1029. no assets.
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when the number
given !s subtracted from the -depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of ¦ the lower low waters.
It has been reported that the zone ex
plored by Mr. North has been the gate
way through which many nundr*eds, if
not thousands, "of Chinese laborers have
entered the United States without the
aid of the Chinese Bureau. It is believed
that Mr. North's forthcoming report will
be the means of putting an end to this
mode of evadlnc the exclusion act.
After a week spent in Inspecting the
topography and political morality of the
Mexican border "In its relation to the Chi
nese exclusion act United Btate3 Immi
gration Inspector Hart H. North returned
to his office yesterday prepared to make
an elaborate report on the situation to
the Bureau of Commerce and Labor, of
which the secretive Mr. Cortelyou Js Sec
retary. Owing to the fact that Secretary
Cortelyou has addressed a drastic circu
lar to ofKcia-s in his department prohib
iting them from admit tine In the pres
ence of newspaper men that It is even
a fine day from an Oriental viewpoint Mr.
North was unable to detail the result of
his cxrerience so far as it related to the
smuggling of Chinese.
He was permitted to state, however,
that he went to San Dieeo by rail and
from that burg of first class newspapers
and watering places he proceeded by rail
to the Mexican town of Tla Juana. From
that town he traveled by private convey
ance alone the border for about sixty
miles from "west to east on the zone lying
between fifty and sixty miles south of
the bonndnry line, all in Mexican terri
tory. He emerged into the United States
at two points, the first at Campo and
the second at Tacumba. Then taking
a ro'Jte on the American sldo he trav
eled clone the desert In San Diego to
Calexico and the Imperial Irrigation Dis
trict. The latter contains 325.000 acres,
all under a ditch 600 miles long, the water
of which is taken from New River, an
offshoot of the Co!orado.
Granting a permit to the Crocker Hotel I
Company for the erection of an oil stor
age tank of 10.090 rallons capacity In, ¦
premises at Gejry and Powell streets.
Providing for the acceptance of Ash- '
bury street between Halght and Page, '.
Lombard street between Hyde and Lar- j
kin and Bioadway between Baker and j
Lycn streets.
Exempting the members of the Fire De
partment from paying monthly fees for
fire alarm tappers.
Authorizing the Police Commissioners to
appoint three telephone operators In the
Hall of Justice.
The following bills were finally passed:
Authorizing an expenditure of {1945 in
payment to the Pacific Foundry Com
pany, being for a permanent scheme of
Illuminating Market etrect.
Assessor. 1903; Auditor, 1903: Coroner. 1903: I
Recorder. 19C2; Department of Electricity. 1W2 i
end 19C3; District Attorney. 1902; Park Com- !
mlssioners, l»03; Public Administrator, 1002
and 1903; Poundkwper. 1902. 1903; Teachers' ;
Annuity Treasurer. 1802, l'J03; Law Library, j
19C2.
The following annual reports are lack-
Ing:
The Hoard of Supervisors yesterday on j
recommendailon cf the Prlntlnir Commit
tee took a number of municipal depart
ments to task for nerglectlng to file their i
a&aual reports es the charter provides.
Th^ committee ascertained that not only ]
the reports of last year were missing but i
those of the year previous had not been j
transmitted. The following letter was or- 1
fiered sent to the several dellnauent de- j
partments:
It is respectfully requested tiat j-ou furalnh j
at your very eaxliect oonvtnleao* a copy of the '
annual report* of your departsjent for the year ,
ll»02-19C3. I am Isformed that the said report* ;
are not la the office of the Mayor. Trfcere they !
ahould hare been Cled. ¦ '
It is absolutely necessary that the reports be {
had lor publication In the "Municipal Reports." i
which are now in the hands of the printer, and .
an early Cling 1 of tn«s required copy in this or- j
fice will hurry the came to completion.
Prepares a Repori That Will
Stop the Gateway of
the Coolies.
United Railroads Will Pay
Percentage of Receipts
to the City.
Mtinicipal Departments
Neglect to Comply
"With Charter.
Goes Into Mexico to See
How Easily Chinese
Get In.
Overdue Ships Are No Longer Insurable and in Two
Weeks Will Be Officially Declared Missmg and
Local Army of Speculators Will Lose $225-000
FAIL TO SUBMIT
ANNUAL REPORTS
NORTH EXPLORES
SOUTH FRONTIER
HELEN BREWER AND THE MILTON PARK
ARE POSTED AT LLOYDS FOR INQUIRY
TSBieiH FBAlicHCo' «lt TOISDil. SIETEMBER J»; : 1TOS.
10
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trmlas U»t« sud »r«dn«ta »rri»« »*
»A.N FUANCUC(>.
fMHn Line, foot of \I»rfcet Street )
*u*t» — F»QM SKrr»x»«B 2. 1903. — iuiri
' >J)Oa Benlcia. Solsna. £!m!raand SacMr
ment«> Z-tJ*
7.00a Vsca*llle, Wtnters. r.um»«T. 1-25*
7J0* MsrUnex. Ssn H«:non, Vallejo.
Napa. C»:ittoc». Sanf* ltosa 8 2Sr
7.30a KUes. LtTermore. LaUkrop. Stock-
ton 7.25*
8 00* Darl*, Woodland. Knights Landing.
MartsTille. OroTille. (coaaeeu
* tt JlarysTllle for GrtdleT. Bl«»
•ndCblco) .Hi'
8 C0a AUantte Express— OBJlenund East. 10.25*
8.00a Port Costa, Msrtlne*. AntJocn. By-
ron.Tr»cy.Stoclctoo.S«rr«mento.
Los Danus. Mcndota. llanford.
Vl»alU^ PorterTllle 4.25*
8 CO* fort CosU. Martlaex. Trucy. Latll-
rop. Modesto, Merced, Fresno,
Gosben Janctt»n, H&nford. VI-
sslla. Bakersneld 0.257
8.30* 6hnst» Kxpre*"— l>aTls. WlllUras
(for Bartlett Sr^lnits). Willows.
+ Kruto. lied Bluff. Portland 7.5ur
8.30a yilej.Ban .low;. LlTennore. Stock-
Jon. !onr.fl«cmmento,r!acerTi;ie,
MaryiTllie, Chieo. Uert BinfT 42Sr
8.30a O»kJitle. Chinese. JamcJtowo. 3o-
nor:v Tuolumne »nd Angels 4 Z5*
9C0» Martlne* and W«j Stations 8 5oF
10.00a Vallejo_ 12-25*
10.00a El Paso Paosenarr. E»»tbo«nd.—
Povt Costa. Martin es. nyroa.
T racy. La throp. S t o c k t o 0.
Merced. RsymoD-.i. Fresno, llaa-
fcrd Vlsalln. lURersaeld. Los
AuKeles and El Ta*o. <West-
bound arrtTe* TiaCo»»t Line)... «1.30«>
10 00* The OTerland Limited — Ugden.
Denier. On»b«. i;iilc:i«o 8.25*-
12 00k "Oayward. Nlles nnd Way Stations. 3.2op
ILOOf Sacramento USvfr Steamert tii.QOF
3.30r Benlcln, Winters, Sacramento.
WuOilUi'-l. Williams, Col U8ft. W 11-
lows. Knliihts LaudtDK. Jl«ry»-
Mile OroTille and way stations.. 1055a
S.yO* Hay ward. NHes and Wny Sutlons.. 7 55*
4C0r Martlnei.San Ramon. Vaire]o.Napa.
Callstoga. Santa Hosa .525*
4-OOr M«riinez.Tracy.L»tl>ro^.Stocktoii. 10 25*
4 OOp Nlles. Llvermore. Stockton. Lodl.. 4.ZSP
4.30r Haywanl. Nile*. Irftngton, 8»a ( t8.55A
Joes. LtTermore I til. 53a
BCOp Tne Owl Limited— Fresno. Tulare,
BakersHeld. Los Aniceles 8 o5*
6.00r Port Uo»ta. Tracy. Stuckton. Lo»
Banos 12.25F
t5 30p Hayward. Nllos and San Jo^« 725a
6 OOp llayward. Nllet snd Stu Jose lOZaA
6.00P Oriental Mall— Opden. DenTer,
Omaha. St. Louis. Chicago aad
East, rort Costa, Benlcla. Sul-
sun. i:i:ntra. Davis. Sacramento.
Kockltn. Aaba~n. Colfaz.
Truckee. Boca, K«no. "Wads-
worth, Vlonemccct, Battle
Jlounutn. Ellco 4.25*f
b.. Reno, Trurkee. 8acrasaeato. Davis*
Sulsun. Benlcla. Pert Costa 7-55*
8.00* Vallejo, dally, except Sunday » 7 S5 _
7.00r Vallejo. Sunday only f * a
74>0r San Pablo. Port Costa, Martlne*
and Way Stations 11 25a
806p Oregon A California Express— Sac-
r*m«nto. MarysTlllr, Redding,
Portland. Puget Soncd and Esst. 855*
9.10» Bayward. Nlles and Son Jose <Sun-
dayonly) 11-55*
11.25* Port Costa, Tracy. Lalhrop. Mo-
detto. Merced. Raymond (to To-
semlte). Fresno. lUnford. VI-
salla. Baltrrsfleld 12-Z3F
COAST LINE (->»rr«w Uange).
(Foot of Market Street.)
7.45* Santa Cruz Excursion /Sunday
only) 8.10*
8.15a Newark. Centerrnie. San Jose,
Felton, Boulaer Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 6 25?
12.16* Kewsrk. Centerrnie, San Josa,
New Almaden. Lo« Gato*. Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Crus and
Prlnctpal TVay Stations 10 55a
4.16* Hewark. Ban Jose. Los Gatoa and
way station* (on Saturday and
Sunday runs through to Ssnta
Croz; Monday only from Santa
Cruz). Connects at Felton to
and from Bonldwr Cr»efc •. .. t8-55 *
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN If HAS CISCO, toot •>( Market St. (SllpO
— fi:15 9:U> 11:U0a.m. 1.00 3 00 5.1&F.J*
From OAKLAND, foot of Broadway — t6:0u J3:«>
18:03 10:00 A.M. 12 00 200 400 P.M.
COAST LINE <BnuMi «»¦«#).
%3f~ Clhlnt »Q'i 1'oATnsend Streets.)
8.10a San Jose and Way Stations 8 30*
1700a San Jo«* and Way Station* 5-38*
7.15* Monterey and Ssota Cruz Excur-
sion (Sunday only) 8-30P
8 CO* New Alraaden (Tues.. Frld.. only), 4.10P
8 CO* CoastLlne Limited— Stops only San
Juse. Gllroy (connection for Hol-
llster), Pajaro. Castrorllle. Sar
llnas, San »\rdo. Paso Kobles,
6»nt»M»rg:»rlt».San LutsOhlapo,
Guadalupe. Surf (connection for
Lorapoc). Sanu Bsrbtra. Saugus
snd Los Angeles. Connection at
CastroTille to and from Monterey
and Pacific Grore 10-4S7
(,00a San Jose. Tres Plnos. Cap! tola.
San taCruz, Pacific GroTe.Saltnas.
San Lais Obtspo and Principal
lntermodlatft Stations 4-10*
TO 30* E«n Josoand Wsy Stations 1.20r
11- CO a Cemetery Passenger — South San
Francisco, San Bruno 1.05*
11 30a Santa Clara, Kan Jose. Los Gatos
and Way Stations 7.30*
mlZQr San Jose and Way Stations x700?
2.00* San Jose and Way Stations......... 19 40a
2.30p Cemetery Passenger — Seoth Ssn
Francijco. San Bruno 4-35*
t3.C0r Del Montr Express — Santa Clara.
Ean Jose. Del Monte, Monterey,
PaelBe Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Cruz. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points) M2-15*
•¦30r Fsclflc Grove and Way Stations —
riurlinitame.San Mateo, Redwood.
MenloPark. Palo Alto Mayfteld.
Mountain View. Lawrence, Santa.
Clara. San Jose, (GHroy. Hollls-
• ter, Tres Plnos), Pajaro, Watson- " •
Title. Capttola, Santa Crux, Cas-
troTllle, Salinas 10-45*.
4-30* Ssn Jose and Way Stations 83S*
b-00* Ban Jose, (via Santa Clara) Los
Gatoa, Wright and Prlav.lpal Way
Station's (except Simday) 9.00*
IB30r SanJoseandPrlnclpalWayStatlons tSCO*
tS-16* San Mateo,Cercsford,Belmont.6aa
Carlos, Redwood. Fair Oaks,
MenloPark. Palo Alto 19.45*
£-30* Ban Jose and Way Stations. 6.33a
7X0* Sunset Limited. Easthound.— Saa
Luis Oblspo, bit a tu Barbara, Los
Angeles, Deming. El Paso. New
, Orleans. New York. (Westbound
srrlTosTlaSunJoaqulnValley)... «rfl.*S»
8.00 fIV.0 Alto and Wsy Stations ,. 1015*
11 .30* South Sao Francisco. Mlllbrae,
Burlingame, San Mateo. Bel-
mom, Ssn Carlo*. Redwood. .....
Fair Oaks, Menlo Park. Pslo ¦ Itzft
. Alio. Msyfleld, Mountain View, w-«*»
Sunnyvale. Lawrence, Santa
Clara and San Jose '.
A for Morning. p for Afternoon.
X Saturday and Sunday only. } Sunday only.
I Btops at all stations on Sunday,
t Snnday excepted. a Saturday only.
' Via Coast Llae. if Via Ssn Joaqula Valley.
6Beao train eastbouad discontinued.
BfOnly trains stopping st Valencia St. scut!) bound
ar»s:i0A.M^t7:00*.»_n:COA.«..2:aOF^. and t-.aar.rn.
\ MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWaY
Leave lia Stssslits fsrry Arriv-
SaaPran. 9** *t Markst ». Saa Kraa.
Week Sun- -flBB- Son- Wees
»:45a «:OOa K2™iSSSBS3<& 1»:OOn it-.liii
X:45r »:OOa VSa^ggQSf 12:5Or3:3a P
flllftp 10:00a raKjjgSSy 3:3!)f J:40»
!HIZZr »:S5*j ' tioo»
fctarfays «nly. k»t« hwi ' 9:3Or.ifr.nU. il;3Oy
tlCUf 1 626 Maxutt St., (North S.Vire tUilroad;
O/ftCB I and Sausalito Fuav Foot Market Sl
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS "A ORE-4.T RJCSTOKAT1VE, IXVIQOUA-
tor aad Nervine.
The moat worderful ashrodlslae and Sp«cl*i
Tonlo for the 6ex_jJ Orcana. for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diaeaaes of ta*
Kidney* and Bladder. Sells on Us own menu.
NABEH, AUFS £ BRUNE. Agenta,
S23 Marktt it, & F,— (a*cd tor ClrcuUrs.^
Tourist Ctars to Chicago
Rock Island tourist sleeping cars run through to
Chicago and to hundreds of places besides Chicago-
Omaha, Kansas City, Des Moines, St. Paul, Minne-
apolis, St. Louis, Memphis, etc. Connecting cars,
Chicago to Boston.
Most complete system of tourist cars across the _— «sg^fffffifc>-»i ¦ ¦
continent. Choice of routes — "Southern." »Ja Ei Paso; TI^KmVU ¦ J j t 1 1 IF
'• Scenic." via Salt Lake Cit» aad Colorado Spriaf s. 1 'flTi « vi PTlTi D
Six personally conducted excursions erery week. HI 'iuLaJiM'iil 'i
Folder fivinj full inforcitioa nsaUed on request. |*»\?frai?ff r f'Cl
Tickets at Southern Pacific tkket cfEces. Kllnlll^a
F. W. Tiioitpsov. G. V,'. A.. I§is*--$EP»=«8
633 Market St., Saa Friadsco, CaL V
MISCELLANEOUS.
COPY R ICHT **5n'"'l "7
"Maybe You Think I'm Proud."
"Am. T*he way the United States I.aun-
tLxj does up my linen and wash waist-
coats suite me 'down to the ground/
&£d self-satisfaction ensues as a matter
of course." This young* man is "not the
cnly one" who speaks in high praise of
the laundering- done by the United States
Ita-nOry; "tJjere axe others." -¦
ffo saw edg*es.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
OFFICE 1004 MARKET STBIET,
Near Powell.
EVERY WOMAN
¦ is interested and should know
jbE^^JV^ about the wonderful
HADUCI WHIRLING
MJ1* HAKf tL spray
U Pi'XSi, 1 ' ' •«" *1 Injection and Suction.
*l ' *^ ;~JL C^*"4f fiest— Saiest— Most Con-
*-^!S<^3«S 1 »^b»w venient. ItCleJtasef.
X^^J^^b^^. Iaiumtly
Atk ytw inft\tt tor H. \,, /&>» '••r i .''^^^~^~
If h» ejr.nit ?cp-^ly the X^P^» '"''.'¦'/¦: '''jej
MAnVKL. « trps no .'^ \> ''j-ftZT^l -
ether, hul send sump for Rlut. XJ- w"''-Z/Z^y
trat»<3 boot— -:a|r<|. It c i<--s full Vv f *'m
partkulsn »ni < '.r» tiont inraluabU W / im ¦
to-Ldie- 'yiABVELfC-
B«csb 2C3. Tlz&M SXt^ K,w Jozk. J> <W^ _ j
i m»ii.n«»~| I
An Eastern Trip
Made Easy.
Experience has tanghtus just what
to provide in order to make the long
overland trip attractive. The sleeping
cars used for our weekly "Personally
Conducted" parties are just as com-
fortable as a car can be. The sleeping
berth3 are even a little bit more roomy
than those in the standard Pullman
cars, and the linen and blankets used
are the same in each.
The price for a double berth is only
$5 to Omaha or Kansas City, $6 to
Chicago or St. Loui3, and $8 to Boston.
Less than half the palace car price.
The route is through Salt Lake City
and past the grand scenery of the
Rockies— the most intensely interest-
ing ride in America.
Kindly call or write for particulars. S
W. D. SANBORN, Gen'l Agt Burlington Route,
631 Market Street, San Francisco.
841
CALlfORNIA NORTHWESTERN &Y. CO.
LESSEE
UH .FRAKCISCU ANU NUHTH PAG1F13
EAIIWAY CO3XPANT.
Tlbtiron Ferry, Foos or Market St.
SAZT rBAKCISCO TO SAU SATAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ;
12:33, 2:30, 3:10. 5:10. 6:50, 0:30 and 11:30
p. in. ¦ *
¦ Saturdays — Extra trip at 1 :30 p. m. .
SUNDAYS — 7:30. 8:00. 9:30. 11 :CO a. m.; 1:30.
2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAW EArAEL TO SAJK PSAKCXSCO.
WEEK DATS— <5:05. 6:30. 7:33. 7:50. 9:20,
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. »2:00. 3:40. 5:00, 5:20.
6:25 p. m. ,
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:43 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:50. 7:35. 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:43.
3:40. 4:50. 5:00. 5:2O. 6:10. 6:25 p. m.
- *Except Saturdays.
Leave • I In Effect j Arrive
San Francisco.! May 3. .1903. [San Franctaco.
Week I Sun- I Dpstina- I Bun- I Week
Days. I days. I tlon. | days. [ Daya.
I 7:30 al " 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30 a 8:00 a . . 8:40 a 8:4Oa
8:00 a 9:30 a Ignacio. 10:20 a 1.0:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p fi:20p
5:10 p 6:10 p 6:20 p 7:23 p
_J 7:25 p
7:30 a 7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:0Oa 8:0Oa Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma. 6:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:23 p 7:23 p
i'i 5:10 p| Santa Rosa, f j
7:30 a 7:30 a ' 10:20 all0:20a
8:00 a 8:0O a Fulton. 7:25 pi 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p f | 7:25 p
I j Windsor. [ I ,
7:30 a! 7:30 a| Healdsburs. 110:20 a 10:20 a
I • | Lytton. | I
2:30 pi 2:30 p| Geyservllle. | 7:25 p 7:23 p
I I Clovcrdale. | I
7:30 al 7:30 a! Hopland 110:20 a|10:2O a
2:3^0 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7:23 p
7:30 a| 7:30 a| W'lllita. | 7:25 p[ 7:23 p
8:00 al 8:00 at Camp Vacation. 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p] 2:30p| Guerrmvllle. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
8:00a! 8:0Oa| Sonoma. t8:40a|8:40a
5:10 p| 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:00 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 7:30 al 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastopol. I 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES ccnnect at . Green Brae for San
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton fcr Lytton Sprlngrs: at Gey-
servllle for SkaKKs Springs; at Cloverdala for
the Geysers, Boonevllle and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Sprlngrs. Highland Springs
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and.Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside, Llerly's'
Bucfcnell's. Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle. Orr"s
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens, Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Brarr
Westport. Ueal; at Willits for Fort Bragg'
Westport. Sherwood, Cahto, Covello, Layton-
ville, Cummings, • Bell's Springs. Harris. Ol-
sen's. Dyer. Garbervllle. Pepperwood. Scctia
and Eureka.
. Saturday to Monday round-trig ticket* at
reduced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITIN'G. R. X. RTAN.
Gen.' Manager. Gen.Pasa. Agt.
¦TO SAN RAFAEL
SAN PUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY, ,
CAZADERO, ETC.
via Sausalito Ferry
WEEK DAYS— (Holidays - ejeepted)— «:45.
+•7:45. 8:45. ttUJ. 11 a. m.. 12:20. •1:45. i:ia.
4:15, +5:15. "e^S. C:45. 9. 11:45 p. m.
7:45 a. m. train week days does not run to
"sUNDAYS AND LEGAL HOLIDATS-7.
1* n tn5 ". tll:30 a. m.. tl3:30.fl:30.
2:35 •3:50 5. 6. 7:30, 9. 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked t*> run to Ban Quentin.
Those marked (t) to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m.
Saturdays. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train
runs to Fairfax. •
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week days— 5:25, t«:25. 7:40. 8:13. J»:*i.
11:03 a. m.. 12:30. 2:20. J3:45. 4:50. 5:30. 6:44.
10:20 P- n>.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. 7:33. t8:10. 9:40. J10:35.
111:45 a. m.. 12:50. 2:30. t3:25. 4:40. X3.5O.
tt:56. 7:35. 10:20 p. m.
Trains marked (X) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Week days— 5:43. 6:40. 7:43. 8-25
tt:45. 11:10 a. m.. 12:40. 2:43. 4:13. 5:10 7 : 03
10:40 ». m. : * •"¦*•
SUNDAYS— 6:33. 7:55.-10, 11:10 a. m 1205
1:06. 2:40. 3:45. 4:55. 0:05. 7:10. 10:40 J>^L -
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m.. weeJc days-r-Cazadero and way
6:15 p*. m.. week days (Saturdays, excepted)
Tomales and way stations. - <.«i<wa>-
3:15 p. m.. Saturdays— Cazadero and way
Sundays and Legal Holidays— 8 a. m Caza
dero and way station*. * za *
Sundays and Legal Holiday*— 10 a. m Point
Reyes and way stations. " OTnt
. TICKET OFFICE — 626 Market at. f
¦ FERRY — Foot of Market st. .
Weekly Cail > $1.00 per Year
SAUWAT TEAVEL.
iQry^*"*'*'''^'''''^*^""''"'^'^**''^^!,
I CALIFORNIA I
I LIMITED TO CHICAGO I
H leaves Mondays sad Thundays at t-.SO B.m. H
Fj * Through In S days vrith Dinut »nd all trippings. g]
H Oar other trains go at |5J
K , 7:30am 1 for Stockton, Fresno, .), I
H 1:30am > ¦ Bakersfield. Merced. S
g ¦ 8:CflPM ) Ha'nford, VisaUa, ' fi . H
tq 4:00pm for 'Stockton. ' M
H 8:00pm for Kansas City and Chicago. £}
a . Office, 641 Market St., and la Perry fa
M - % Depot: 1112 Broadway, Oakland. y
M ¦:•_ Trains leave Market Street Ftrry. ' - NReceipts of Fruit were light, but ample, and
the market generally had a quiet appearance.
The local demand was light : and confined
ohlefly to ' fancy Peaches, Pears and Melons,
while the demand ¦ for J shipping was limited.
Fancy table Peaches continued firm under
light ' receipt ' and a steady Inquiry. The top
quotation for small boxes was obtained only,
for choice strawberry . freestones from ' the
mountain districts, 85c being the top for of-
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
PORTLAND. Or.. Sept: 14.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla,' 78c; bluestem, S2c; valley. SOc.
TACOMA, Wash.. S«pt. 14. — WHEAT — Un
changed; bluestem S2c; valley, 70c. -
Northern Wheat Market.
LONDON, Sept. 14.— The Stock Exchange
here will be closed on Saturday, September 19.
London Stock Excliange.
New York Grain and Produce.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 14. — The cotton market
opened strong at an advance of 14&15 points
and closed steady, net 17®27 points "higher.
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks... 5.304 |Wheat, ctls 14,000
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls........ l,50tt
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. SEPTEMBER 14.
Flour, qr sks... 34 SSOlHops, bales...... 163
Wheat, ctls..... 4,04f> Wool, bales 446
Barley, ctls 22,415 Screenings, sks. 1,515
Oats, ctls 4.035 fihorts. sks 200
Corn, ctls 5U0 Feed, ska 40->
Rye, ctls 1.575 Pelts. No....... 1,283
Beans, sks. 1,020 Hides. No 1,142
Potatoes, sks... 5.50()|Qulcksilver. flks. . 50
Onions, sks 1.6S0 1 Leather, rolls. .. 3<S
Bran. sks... 1.733 Wine. gals...... 58,600
Middlings, sks.. 1,005 Tallow, ctl».... Til
Hay, tons....... 1,283 Paper, reams... 337
Straw, tons..... 30 Lime. bbls...... 133
NEW YORK, Sept. 14. — The visible supply
of grain Saturday. September 12, ax compiled
by the New York Produce Exchange, Is as
follows:
Bushels. Increase. Decrease
Wheat 14,170,000 826,000
Corn 6,ft25,000 '478,000
Oats 4.743.000 24.000
Rye ... ..... • 7f»0,000 2(5,000 .......
Barley 1,623,000 393,000
Visible Grain Supply.
EGGS — Ranch, 36@37^c for large white se
lected and 30<&35c for fair to choice; store,
22^46 27c; cold storage, < 24®26c; Eastern, 22@
25c per dozen. ¦
Though three steamers have arrived with
supplies since Saturday the Butter market was
quoted firm yesterday, with sales at 31c. Eggs
were also firm, with . sales at an advance.
Cheese was quoted steady to firm by houses
carrying moderate lines, while those having
heavy stocks reported a weak and quiet mar
ket. Oregon is offering' Cheese liberally here,
which Is certainly not a bullish feature.
Receipts were 35.000 lbs Butter, 637 cases
Eggs and 1400 lbs Cheese. i
BUTTER— Creamery. 30c and \ occasionally
31c. for extras and 26@26c for seconds; dairy.
2l«?24c; store Butter, 17%@lilc; cold storage,
24«2"c: Eastern. 23® 24c per lb.
CHEESE— New, 12@12%e: Young America,
13@14c; Eastern, 15@16c; Western, 14@15c per
lb.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs:
The following werf the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. '
.400 Alpha Con.. 11 300 Mexican ...1 10
200 Alpha Con.. 10 400 Mexican ...1 0~y.
300 AnrtM ..... 17 300 Mexican ...1 05
200 Belcher .... 32 150 Ophlr ..1 85
1500 Bullion 0»J 300 Ophlr 1 S2?i
500 Caledonia ..1 05 200 Overman ... 2»
100 Caledonia .. »0 300 Overman ... 27
100 Caledonia .. 03 000 Potosi 28
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales on the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
500 Alpha 10 500 Justice 09
1000 Alta 07 GOO Mexican 1 10
1500 Andes 17 300 Ophlr- ....180
700 Belcher 3« 100 Overman .... •>$
600 Bullion 00 200 Overman 27
200 Caledonia .... 8S 100 Potosl 28
2OO Caledonia ftOjlOOO Savage 26
100 Caledonia ' . S9 400 Seg Belcher. .. 14
500 Challenge Con 30 600 Scorpion 05
300 Chollar 20 300 Sierra Nev:. . co
600 C C & Va...l 50 4C0 Sierra Nev... fis
C00O Con Imperial. <C> 100 Silver Hill 77
SCO Con New York 20 600 Union Con ca
RCO Exchequer ... 17 400 Utah 18
1700 Gould & Cur. 31 700 Yellow Jacket W
500 Hale & Norc. 51
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes IS 100 Hale & Norc 54
200 Belcher ; 34 300 Justice 10
400 Bullion 00 200 Mexican 1 10
100 Caledonia 05 150 Ophtr I 8t>
- 150 Caledonia 03 400 Potosi "7
100 Challenge Con 3«S 200 Savaf£ 27
200 Chollar 26 100 Seg Belcher... 14
650 C C"& Va 1 to 100 Flerra Nev... 69
200O Con Imperial. 05 200 Union Con. ... 70
200 Con New York 21 100 Utah is
500 Crown Point.. 15 100 Yellow Jacket 55
200 Exchequer ... 1C
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Mining Stocks.
NEW YORK. Sept. 14.— Tin was weak and
lower In London, spot closing at £1 Is lower,
being finally quoted at £121 2s Cd, while fu
tures declined £1 2s Cd to £120 12s Gd. Lo
cally tin. influenced by the break abroad, was
also easy, closing at $27 for spot.
. Copper declined 12s Cd for spot in London,
that position closing at £57 2s fid, while fu
tures lost 10s. closing at £5(3 15s. In New
York copper was quiet. Lake, $13 75; electro
lytic, $13 «2H613 85; casting. $13 37>4@13 CO.
Lead — Unchanged in London at £11 Cs 3d
and ruled firm here at $4 17%.
Spelter closed at £21 2s Oil In London, and
was also unchanged In the local market, where
the quotation Is $0.
Iron closed at 51s 3d in Glasgow and at 46a
1 l iiil in Middlesboro. Locally iron was quiet.
No. 1 foundry. Northern, Is quoted at $17; No.
2 foundry. Northern, $1C 50; No. 1 foundryi
Southern. $15 50; No. 1 do soft. $15 50@16.
Nezv York Metal Market.
Poultry opened the week steady, the de
mand for choice stock being brisk. Two cars
of Western were on Bale and cleaned up well
and what little local stock came in found
prompt sale at the previously quoted prices.
Game was In light receipt and rather quiet,
owing to the poor quality of most of the of
ferings which showed the effects of the warm
weather. Hare and Doves wero quoted lower.
Rome Gray Geese arrived, the first of the
season and sold at $3@4 rer dozen.
POULTRY — Younsr Turkeys, nominal;
Geeoe, per • pair. $1 50; Goslings, $1 5om;2;
Ducks. $3 50®4 50 per dozen for old and $4®5
for young; Hens, $4 50®5 50; young Roost
ers. $5@G; old Roosters, $4 50@5; Fryers
$3 50(g4 50; Broilers, $3@3 60 for large and
$2 50©3 for small: Pigeons. $1 CO per dozen
for old and $1 6<i®1 75 for Bauabs.
GAME— Rabbits. $1 25@1 75 per dozen;
Hare 75c@$l; Wild Doves, 75c per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
RED "AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, 6®
6%C per lb; White Lead. 6@8Hc. according to
quantity.
SUGAR — The Western- Sugar Refining
Company quotes as follows, per lb, * in
100-lb bags: Cubes. A Crushed and Finn
Crushed 5.85c; Powdered. 5.70c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.70c; Dry Granulated, fine, 5.60c; Dry
Granulated, coarse. 5.60c; Fruit Granulated.
6.60c; Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only). ;
Confectioners' A 6.60c; Magnolia A, 6.20c; Ex
tra C. 6.10c; Golden C. 6c: "D." 4.80c; barrels.
10c more; half barrels. 25c more; boxes. SOo
more; 50-lb bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tab-
Ms — Half barrels. 6.10c; boxes. 6.33c per lb.
No orders taken for less than seventy-nva bar
rels or Its equivalent.
HAGS — Grain Bags, 5<g5%c; San Quentln,
5 55c* Wool Bags, 32®35c; Fleece Twine. 7%@
8c- Cotton Fruit Bags, «V4c 6%c and 7%c for
the three erades; Brown Jute. «%@7%c.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
llneton $S: Seattle. $C 50; Bryant. $(( 50; Bea
ver-Hill $5 50; Stanford. $7 ; Roslyn tl $7 ; Coo«
Bay $5 50; Greta, $7; Wallsend, $7: Rich
mond $7 50; Cumberland, $13 in bulk and
$14 25 li» sacks; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump, $U 50; Cannel. $8 60 per ton;
Coke $11 50013 per ton In bulk and $15 In
packs- Rocky Mountain descriptions. $8 45 per
2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according to brand.
OIL — Linseed. 44c for boiled and 42c for raw
in barrels; cases. 5c more: Castor Oil, in cases.
No 1 70c; Bakers' A A. $1 10® 1 12; Lucol, 41o
for boiled and 30c for raw in barrels; La r d. Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels, 00c; cases. 85c;
China Nut, 55® 70c per gallon; pure Neats
foot. In barrels. 75c; cases. SOcr Sperm, pure.
?0c: Whale Oil, natural whlto, 50@55c per gat
ion- Fish Oil, In barrels. 45c; cases. 50c; Co
coanut Oil. In barrels, 68c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil in bulk,
14c; Pearl Oil In caies, 20%o; Astral, 20%c;
Star, 20%c: Extra Star, 24^c: Elaine. 20fc,c:
Eocene, 23%c; deodorized Stove Gasoline, In
bulk. 17c; In cases. 23%c; Benzine, In bulk.
13c: "in cases. 19"£c: 86-degree Gasoline, in
bulk 21c; In cases. 27%c.
TURPENTINE— «Sc per gallon In cases and
72c In drums and Iron barrels.
General Merchandise.
HOGS — Receipts to-day 27.000, to-morrow
22,000; strong to 10c higher. Mixed and butch
ers, $5 50©C 20; good to choice heavy, $5 »0@
C 10; rough heavy, $5 50JT5 75; light, $5 70J«
O 25; bulk of sales, $5 63®«.
SHEEP — Receipts. 42,000. Sheep and Iambs
steady. Good to choice wethers, $393 65; lair
to choice mixed, $2@3; Western sheep, $2 7U®
6 75; native lambs, $3 50®5 76; Western
lambs, $3 50ft 5 25.
CHICAGO. Sept. 14.— CATTLE— Receipts.
40,000. Including 1500 Texans and 6000 West
ern; steady to 10c lower. Good to prime steere,
$5 50©<j 10; poor to medium. $4@5 25; stack
ers and feeders. $2 5O@4 15; cows. $1 , r iO-tf
4 50; heifers. $2@3 50; canners, $1 50®2 60:
bulls. $2<g-4 50; calve*. $3 50^6 75; Texas fed
steers, $3 25@4 50; Western steers, $3 25@
i 50. v.
Eastern Livestock Market.
ELGIN. 111., Sept. 14. — Butter sold at 20c
a pound on the Board of Trade to-day, an
advance of >£c from last week. Sales In ;he
district were 750,000 pounds.
Elgin Butter.
NEW VOltK. Sept. 14. — The conrFe of to
day'a stock market was Fhaped by a number
at itMM factors, chjef among them being
thf itjjoried damage L>y ftornit- in the spring
wheat radons and frost in the corn belt.
Lower price* for int»-TOatior.u.l securities in
Lf.adon, where consols were again depressed
Ltri-aufe of the political situation in Eastern
Euroi«, c>v« a •-• ;1 *• k to the list, which
op»;ned seneralJy lower, the few advances hav
; ii:£ no apparent eitnincance. Missouri Pa- |
<Ulc displayed the greatest weakness of any
stuck at the outset, though only a tnfie heavier
than Readir.K, Atchison, £t. Paul. Union Pa
oihe and Arr.aJcamated Copper. Steel common
again Ln^ke below 20, but came in lor fairly
¦ood fup|"nt and recovered. A Ftory was cur
rent during the day that the Steel i?yn-
UlcKte, which »onie::mf ago converted $2>jO.
«K/O,<A.t> of prefftrred 6U>ck Into ?250,O0w.Oy0 of
T> p*r cer.t bond*, would make another demand
Jor a considerable turn BIXH) the underwriters,
but this could not be confirmed. A 'tactlonary
tendency was shown by the list before the
cn<J of the ftrFt hour, epeeial |>rv*aure being
«mce more directed nrainst Brcjoklyn Rapid
Transit, at well ay against Reading and St.
Paul, the latter rer-overins over a p-.lnt. The
heaviness of Ht. Paul wax attributed to re
port* of Northwwtern crop damase*- Much
of tkie news came from Chicago and was ac
cepted with re*erva*li»n. The 8ft«rnojn nes
eion of the market waa noteworthy only for
th* increased weakii*-** in the lai>t hour of
such stocks as Atchipon. IU-a<iine. Amalga
mated Copper, St. Paul. Missouri Pacific, New
York Central, R.xrk Island. Southern Pacific
jind fnion Pacific. Thf selling of Reading
and Vnlon Pacific wsf paid to come from prac
tically one »ource. but was unexplained. Lon
don bought about 00<Ki fhares rn balance.
.Anicng the Etooks held for account of that
center was Mexican Central. The sixth in
stallment of the $22,000,000 Trans\aal loan
is pava-tle In London to-morrow. In the final
trading the local market displayed further
weakness Vnion Pacific J>etr.g especially heavy.
The break in Southern Pacific was partly ex
plained by the company's July report, which
showed a deficit after charges of $<is7,O00. The
market cloned active nnd weak.
As interesting development of the financial
'ituatlnn was the renewal of heavy rhtpmf>r.t«s
Of currency to New Orleans, which took from
the bank?" M00.O<>0 through the >-uli-tre«siiry.
r-erlce* additional «sums on direct shipment.
The movement now that way will take heavy
rums' from thlo center and because of ex
eemlTm speculation in cotton is liable to at
fume unusually large proportions this year.
The fart that Southern demand will b* co
incident* with that from the We*t rosy prove
embarrassing for the New York I/inks, al
though it will be severs! week* yet before
th* total withdrawals can be accurately e*tl
rrmted. Foreign exchange was rliphtly ™***er.
Rai!rcaa earninr* out to-day lncludfd Balti
more *nd Ohio, with a net tm-reane of *2»l.W0
for Aurust. and the annual j" e j jcrt ,. of . th *
Missouri. KarMi and Texas roai fJ^J^**?;
i «!r chewing » surplus increase of f 191.000.
T*V bond market showed some Irregularity.
Total" rale*. t>ar va!ue. *1. 255.000.
fn'.ted Etateg 2s declined »4 per crnt on the
la* c*" KE%v TORK pTOrK l ,st.
Stock*— Sale.. High. Low. Close.
».trnlf««i Wi.PfW tn% C5 «5
« S, 4 Ohio.. I0.R«» MS «. l H ™%\
BaH & Ohio pfd.... 4OO WSJ* " W W
r«n*dl*n Pacific... 4.400 123U 122 22
<Vr of New Jersey I-'*
rw c w B pM 28
r|,. c nr,4XW.... ,!0fl 1€4 1C2'* l«2^
r-hi Term & Trap* . 9
rh'oapoTftTDfd. 30ft 2ft «O 1«U
«- <• r. & Pt L 400 73 72 71
*ViU<rado PouihTn 13 Vi
rv,lo P-julh 1st rfd. 1.S00 54 r,3% -S3
rolo Pouth 2d pfd . . 20ft C2 22 21 hi
Delaware & Hudson 2C» 1C1 101 1«V>
T>1 Lack & Wc*t 236
TVrivfr *TtloG.... m<» 24% 24^4 24
TVmrr * R G pfd. 4«0 7R 77^ .77
Erie... 18.600 23* 28>i 28»i '
New York Stock Market.
Vegetables were In amplu supply and most
descriptions atoorl as previously quoted. Re
ceipts of Green Corn were leas liberal than on
Saturday and cleaned up quickly. Lima Beans
were firmer under light receipts and String
Beans did better. The top quotation for To
matoes was obtained only for small lots of
strictly fancy stock, C5c being an extreme
figure for the common run of supplies. The
canners secured a considerable quantity of
the bay product at the minimum rate. Green
Peppers moved freely and wero well cleaned
up at the close, but prices were no higher.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, wefrf
H per ctl, with some fancy higher; Salinas
Burbanks. $1<H1 50 per ctl; River Reds, »0c®
$1 per ctl; Sweet Potatoes. $1 60@l 75 per ctl.
ONIONS— 5Of«5c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Com, 75c@$l 50 per
sack; crates from Alameda. $1@1 75; from
Berkeley. 75c@$l 25: Green Peas, 2@3c per.Ib;
String Beans, 2V4@3V4c per lb; Wax. 2%©3c;
Lima Beans. $1@1 50 per sack; Tomatoes,
.'S0ig75e. per box; Summer Squash. 2. r >©40c per
box; Cabbage, 75@85c per ctl; Carrots 75o
per eack; Cucumbers. 25® 40c per box; Pickle
Cucumbers. 3@3'/jC for No. 1 and I<il2\^c per
lb for others; Garlic, 2®3c per lb; Green
Pepper*. 25®40c per box or sack; Green
Okra. 35® 50c per box; Egg Plant, 4<«ij?r>0c ptr
box; Marrowfat Squash. $10@12 per ton.
The Potato markPt had a quiet appearance,
there being very little, inquiry for shipping.
Receipts, however, were light and prices were
sustained. Sweets were in free supply and
easier. . Two cars came In from Merced and
there were liberal receipts from Stockton.
Onions were easy and unchanged.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Sept. Oct. Dec
Opening ft 5V4 (5 5^ 6 6U
Closing 6 5>4 6 54 6 6%
PARIS.
Wheat — Sept. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 20 85 21 00
Closing 20 90 21 15
Flour —
Opening 20 35 28 00
Closing 29 45 28 15
Foreign Futures.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In 8an Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 8<§9c: Cows and heifers,
7figc; thin Cows. 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — 4@5%c per lb (gross weight). ,
SHEEP — Wethers, 3^@4c; Ewes, 3@3^e per
lb (gross weight).
I,AMBS-$2 75@3 per head.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 150 to 250 lbs, 6c; under
150 lbs, 5%<85%c; Sows. 20 per cent off; Boars,
60 per cent oft. and Stags, 40 per cent off from
above quotations.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 6@7c for Steers and B<86c -per lb
fO VEAL^-Large. 6%@8%c; small. 9®10c per
P °MUTT0N — Wethers. 7&@S%c; Ewes, 7@8c
pe LAMB— 0£10c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs, 8%©9V4c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The week opened with an unchanged and
featureless market.
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
» EASTERX MARKETS.
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil stock — Bid. Asked.
Caribou Oil Co 1 »> 1 10
Four Oil., 67 . 70
Hanford Oil 134 (XJ
Home Oil 82% 85
Imperial Oil 19 00
Independence Oil .17 18
Junction Oil \20 21
Kern Oil „. 5 60
Lion Oil 03 04
Monte Cristo Oil 75 ....
Monarch Oil 54 50
Oil City Petroleum 28 30
Peerless Oil 13 50
Reed Crude Oil ; 41
San Joaqutn Oil 5 50
Sterling Oil 2 80 3 10
Thirty-Three Oil 8 00
Twenty- Eight Oil 400
Union Oil 68 00
United Petroleum 10)>00
West Shore Oil 3 00 3 23
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land and Imp 1 20 1 45
Alameda Sugar 20 0O
American Biscuit 88 00 95 0O
American District Tel ....
Bay Counties Power ....
Cal Central Gas & Electric
Cal Cotton Mills 88 00
Cal Jockey Club .... 105 00
Cal Powder
Cal Shipping Co 25 00
Cal Title Ins and Trust 13O 00 140 CO
Central Bank of Oakland... 60 00 ....
Chutes Company 8 00 ....
City and County Bank
Cypress Lawn Ims Co 6 50
Eastern Dynamite ...» ....
Ewa Sugar Plantation .... ....
Gas Consumers' Assn 22 50
Honolulu Sugar IS 00
London and S F Bank (Ltd)
Mercantile Trust ..1
Northern Cal Power 850 950
Nevada National Bank
North Shore Railroad 9 00
Orpheum Company 15 00
Pacific States Tel and Tel 122 5O
Parafflne Paint ." 33 00
Postal Device and Imp ....
San Francisco Drydock 47 00
Sausallto Lend and Ferry.. IB »"0
Sperry Flour Co 27 50 30 00
Standard Electric IS 00
Truckee Electric 13 25 16 00
Union Sugar 22 5O ..,.
United Gas and Electric 34 5*) ....
Western Fish Co ....
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
1000 Occidental Oil 19
700 Monte Cristo Oil 77^
Street —
50 Kern River Oil 15 CO
Afternoon Session.
Board —
2000 Independence Oil 17
Prices for Beans are still unsettled, owing
to the Incoming of the new crop, and a num
ber of additional changes will be observed.
Thf> demand is quiet, but some selling is
going on right -along.
BEANS — Bayos, $3@3 15; Poa, $3 25;
Butters $3 25; small White. $3!§ft 10; large
White, $2 50@2 £15; Pink. $2 80@3; Red,
$2 90©3; Lima, $3 40®3 50: Red Kidneys,
nominal: Blackeye, $2 50@2 CO per ctl; Horsa
Beans. $1 40® 1 50.
6EEDS — Ufrown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $1 70@l 80; Canary.
6®5'/4c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape,
1%@-V6c: Timothy. C<g6V4c; Hemp, 3V4@3V4c
per lb; Millet, 3@3&c; Broom Corn Seed, $20®
23 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 80@2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
The story from Oklahoma of a 2-year
old child being killed by a Plymouth
Rock rooster reminds one of a tragedy in
North Carolina, which is related as fo'.
lows: "Many years ago a North Carolina
Judge, or ex-Judgre— Judge Spencer of
Anson— was killed by a turkey. He was
a very old man and was sitting: in the
yard with a red skull cap on his head.
The red attracted the attention of the
turkey and angered it. and it flew upon
the wearer of the cap and pecked, spur
red and beat hiiu '« death."— Charlotto
(N. C> Observer.
Old Man Killed by a Turkey.
Sherman CUy & Co. (owners) with William
Bateman (contractor), architect Albert Plsala —
Mill work for center mezzanine floor, cases,
office partitions, fixtures, wainscot, etc.. for
alterations to building on sn* comer of Kear
ny and Sutter streets; $5445.
Eyre Investment Company (owners) with
same contractor, architect name— Millwork for
show windows, balcony, wall trlmmlns for
same on same; $2305. ....
Margaret A Glunz (owner) with John B.
Glunx (contractor and architect) — All work for
a two-story frame building on E line of Sixth
avenue. 250 S of Lake street. S 25 by E 120;
$38 CO
Dr' C F Buckley (owner) with William F.
Wilson 'Company (contractor), architects Meyer
& O'Brien — Reconstruction of hot water sys
tem for Hotel Baltimore on NW corner of
Van N#wl and Myrtle avenues. N 60 by W
137:6; $1247.
Builders' Contracts.
Jeremiah J. and Annie Driscoll to Louis
Metzger. lot on N line of Sutter street. Si \V
of Broderlck. W 27:6 by N HO; also lot on
W line of Scott street. 27:St; N of Washing
ton. N 25 by W 110; also lot on NW corner
of Geary and Jones streets, W 62:6 by N r 87:6;
$10.
Louis Metzger to Jeremiah J. and Annie Drls.
coll. same (3 pieces): $10.
Emily F. Pope to Mary Furlong, lot on K
line of Cole street. 27r. S of Carl (being th# NE
corner of Cole ami Sullivan streets extended*. N
to San Miguel Rancho boundary. NE to most
N point of said ranchn, PE to «-» point 275 3
of Carl street. W to beginning; $1<>.
Rose Moran (Kattemann) to Jam** Moran.
lot on N line of Twenty-fifth street. 10O B
of Alabama. E 23 by N 104: gift.
Edna A. Dickman to Charles A. Diekman.
lot on S line of Duncan street, l"0 W of San
chez, W 30 by S 114; gift. . J'^
F A Berlin and Charles J. Smith (bV
Charles' E. Nichols, commissioner) to A. W.
Johnson, executor estate of Francis H. Page,
lot on NW corner of Montgomery and Green
wich street*. N 32:6. W 40:0. N 30. W 22.
S f!2;H, E 62:6: $1000.
Julia L and Martin Jonrs to Cam! lie u.
Lapachet lot on N'E corner of Sacramento
street and Le Roy ylace, E 20 by N .0. or
N Sacramento. 177:6 W of Jones. W 20 by
N James L. McKeon to Martin Flo-gel, lot Ml
SE line of Minna street. 75 NE of Fourth.
NE 25 by SE 70; $10.
Mary Bell to Albert W. Lehrke. lot on SW
corner of Seventeenth and Pennsylvania streets,
S 50 by W 100; $10.
Albert W. and Marie Lehrke to California
Title Insurance and Trust Company, same; *1O.
Henry G and Estelle Meyer to O. H. Fer
guson lot on E line of Twenty-eighth avenue.
100 N of Point Lobos avenue. N 50 by E 120;
George C. and Etta H. Edwards to May I*
Valentine lot on W line of Tenth avenue. 150
S of O street. S 5O by W 120; $10.
Eliza and Andrew Heatlie to William C.
Heatlie lot on N line of Eaat avenue. ll«:l»i
W of Andover street. W 25. N 89:3%. E 25. S
£8:1^ lot 22. block 11. Fair's subdivisions
Hol)yPark: gift. ¦-'
Edward B. Robinson to Annie M. Robinson.
lot 5 b'ock D. Spreckels subrt!vi«lon» blocka
A B'and E>. Park Hill Homestead; $3.
William B and Phtbe Forden to Iola I>.
Parker lot on NE line r>f Palmer stre«t. 120:H
S of Fairmour.t. S 25. E 82. N 25. W 107 :«.
block 15 Fairmount; $10. -. •¦^-,
Brrnharn and Rose Gets to Louis J. Leve
ronl lot on NW line of Lisbon street 125 NB
of China avenue. NE ?T. hv NW 10O. block
17. Excelsior Homestead: $10.
\nna Young to Adolf Moeller. lot commenc
ing 100 S of Minerva street an.l 105 W of
Capitol. S 25 by W 75. lot, 5. block O. Rail
road Homestead Association: $10.
George P. Sparovich to Ae-nes L. Kermode.
lot 42 block I, Park Lane Tract No. 7; $10.
A Kraus to Bertha Thompson, estate Bar
bett'y Kraus deceased : gift.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Charle»
S. Howard lot In cemetery: $130.
Victor J. and Mary Gumasso to Davido Cer<»
ghino. lot on N line of Filbert street, 210:6 U
of Gough, N 155 by K 25: $1O.
Same to Vittorlo Perazzo. lot on N line of
Filbert street. 1S5:« E of Gough N 153 by
E 25; $10.
Mary A. Raimond to Laura E. Lalne. lot on
N lino of Broadway, 67 W of Gough. W 37:8
by N 137:6; J10.
¦ James G. and Rose E. Sharp to Frances M.
Griffith and Llllla B. Webb, lot on SE corner
of California and Middle streets. E 25 by 3
S7:6; $10.
Robert K. and Emma L. Pal.iche and Juliet
H. Lumbard to Amelia E. Irwln. lot on W
line of Scott street. 107:6 N of Green, N 30 by
W 107 :fi; $10.
TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 15.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sen
about l%c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 9%c; medium. 8%c; light. 8c; Cow
Hides', 8c for heavy and 8c for light;
Stags. 6c; Salted Kip. 8%c; Salted Veal. 9%c:
Salted Calf, 10c: dry Hides. 15@15%c: dry Kip.
13c; dry Calf, 17c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25W
30c each; short wool, 40® 50c each; medium, 70
@90c; long wool. $1@1 50 each; Horse Hides,
salt. $2 75 for large and $2fl2 50 for medium,
$1 25i31 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 50 for me
dium, $1@1 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Ruck Skins — Dry Mexican. 32 %c: dry salted
Mexican, 26c; dry Central American, 32%c.
Goat Skins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth 60c; medium, 35c: small, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%(34%o per lb;
No. 2. 4@4«4c: grease. 2%@3c.
WOOL — Fall clij— San Joaqutn Lambs*. 90
12c; Foothill. 10@12c; Middle County. U(g>13c
Quotations for spring clip are as follows:
Humboldt and Mendocino, 18<920c; Nevada. 13
®15c; Valley Oregon, fine, 18@19c; do, medium,
17018c: do. coarse. 16@17c per lb.
HOPS— 20@25c per lb for both 1902 and 1903.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Bran and the other Feedstuffs are freely
offered and weak, with the exception of Roll
ed Barley. Hay continues to arrive heavily,
but prices remain the same.
BRAN— *23(&24 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $20 50@28 per ton.
SHORTS— $23^24 per ton.
FEEDSTUFF8— Rolled Barley. $24@25 per
ton; Oilcake Meat at the mill, $2G@28 60; Job
bing. $27@27 60; Cocoanut Cake, $21@22:
Corn Meal $33@33 50; Cracked Corn. - $33 600
84 50; Mixed Feed. $22 50^23 50; Horse Beans.
$2S®30 per ton.
.HAY— Wheat $11@14 50, with sales of extra
choice at $15; Wheat and Oat, $11@13 50; Oat.
$10013; Wild Oat. $9 50@ll 60; Barley. $0@ll;
Clover. $S 50011; Stock. $S@9; Alfalfa. $9 60@
10 60 per ton. «
STRAW — 36@65c per bale.
Hay and Fcedstuffs.
Provisions.
Chicago was higher on the dny, with re
ceipts of Hogs liberal, but prices firm.
A good deal of the strength was speculative.
There was no chance In this market.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 12 %c per lb for
heavy, 13c for light medium. 15c for light,
16%c for extra light. 17%c for sugar-cured and
18%c for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugar
cured Mams, 15«4c; California Hams, 15%c;
Mess Beef. $11 50@12 per bbl; extra Mess $12
©12 50: Family. $13 50; prime Mess Pork, $19;
extra clear. $25;«Mess, $20: Dry Salted Pork.
12%c; Pig Pork, $28; Pigs' Feet, $5 25;
Smoked Beef, 16c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7$ie per lb for
compound and 10%©10%c for pure; half bar
rels, pure. ll@HVic: 10-lb tins, 11»4©11%c;
6-lb tins, llftc: 3-lb tins. ll%c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, 9%c; three
half barrels, 9%c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces,
9%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb. '
WEATHER OOXDmOICS AND GENERAL
FORECAST
The disturbance over Arizona has moved
foutheas=tward. Southwest wind* are reported
at El J'eso. On the Pacific Coast the weather
U grr.trally pleosant. with moderate tempera
/¦turts. Thf-re has been a ri»e of from C to 10
decrees o\er Northern Nevada and the northern
JKirticn of th»- Sacramento Valley.
Brisk northerly winds prevail along the coast
from Cape Mcndoclno to Point Reyes.
Kortoain made at Pan Francisco for thirty
hdurs .-.-..:._ midnight. 15:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday, light
northerly winds; continued warm weather.
Svnuhern California — Fair Tuesday, light
northerly winds.
.Nevada — Fair Tuesday, continued warm
u^ather.
Fran<-is?o and vicinity— Fair Tuesday,
light northeast winds rhanging to brisk west
erly. A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
THE COAST RECORD. '
¦— m v* "* Tl •"
£ ,i» •Hj"£ ! i <* «
2 2- 8= I* •• -
£ -= g| <= »o S
STATIONS. J "%£ 5= " 3"* £
5 e- 5 «»'" & •• —
: 5 § : - 1 ° ?
'. • . • 1
Baker TijiTsT r.4~.nT17vV~cToudy
< 'arson 3O.O4 «a 28 NK Clear Tr.
Eureka :*0.0« ««) 4« N iMear .<«>
Ki»fnu 2K.KI S2 Ti2 NW Clear .<W
Klagrtaff •Ji*.*'* «2 4S SW (near -O<J
Independence .29.94 70 48 NE tne*r .<J0
I^is Ar.peles . .'.*V.S*4 70 .14 NW Clear .00
Mt TarralpaU.:w».<-J 7<» Bl W Clear .<n)
North Head ...{".22 00 54 NW Clear .00
Jhi^-nlx 2M.wt VS 61 W Clear .<»0
l"»K-at»-ll<> 3<>. 12 K2 ."2 fVV Cloudy Tr.
Portland :iO.i« Tit 4«i \v »'Iear .O>J
Point Rf»w ..Z9.SS •>« 4t« >;\V Clf«r .<»>
lied Bluff 2«.:'2 K2 H N Clear .00
RoseLur* :»0.14 70 40 N Clear .«•
Sacramento ..29.5C M» Ui NW Clear .<K)
I>ake .io.lo .'.4 :i>< N I'u Cldy Tr.
FranclrcoSn.iM 7j .".I W <1ear .C«)
i- Luis Obispo.:*0.<"2 74 44 W Clear .CM
l>lego ....29.»4 7(» «2 NW Cl^ar .On
Seattle M.90 64 48 \V Clear .C2
S0.20 09 4« B Pt. <71dy Tr.
Ta tooth 30.22 TA 4S W Clear .<Xt
\\>lla Walla .:','». 14 «;s 4s PK I't. <"idy Tr.
Wimemueca .:!(•. lo f-<> 2s Calm Clear .00
Vumi 2<«.Mt M Hi E Clear .00
Local millers complain that liberal ship
ments of Kansas Flour into this market are
cutting Into their trade. Considerable Kansas
and South Dakota Wheat is also being ship
ped In here.
FLOUR — California family Extras, $4 60®
4 85 usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 50@4 60-
Oregon and Washington, $3 00@4 20 p« r bbl
for family and *3 90@4 40 for Bakers. v
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $S 25 per 10O lbs; Rye
Flour $3 25; Rye Meal. $3: Rice Flour, $7-
Corn Meal, f 3 25; extra cream do, |4; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy. $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour $-4 50@4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina t* 50: Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats bbls, $7 26@S U0; In sacks. $6 75@8 10;
Pearl Barley, $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Weather Report.
M20rh Meridian— Pacific Tim*.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 14^ — S p. m.
NEW FRUIT— Apricots, 7%®9%c for Royals
and 9@llc for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples,
6<?J6c; Peaches. 5%@7c; Pears, 6@0c; Nec
tarines, 4@4%c for white; Figs, white. 4%®
4%c In boxes: Plums, pitted, f>@7c per lb.
PRUNES— 1902 crop, 2%<ff2%e for the four
sizes, with %@lc premium for the large sizes.
RAIBINS— New prices are as follows: Two
crown, 6@6%c; three-crown, 6>4@6%c; four
crown. 6%SJ7c.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 12%@13c;
No. 2. 10%®ll%c: No. 1 hardshell, ll%@12c;
No. 2, 10Q10%c; new Almonds, lie for Nonpa
reils. I0%c for I X L. 10V4c for Ne Plus Ul
tras and 8%c for Languedoc; Peanuts. 5@7c
for Hastern; Pecans, 11 ft 13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50
©5.
HONEY — Comb, new, 12%@13%e for white
and 9@llc for amber; new water white ex
tracted,' 5%Ji6%c; light amber extracted, 5c;
dark. 3%@4%c.
BEESWAX— 27@29c per lb.
Dried Fruit s,Nuts,Raisins, Honey.
CHICAGO. Sept. 14. — The stronn factor In
wheat was the bad weather In the Northwest
and higher prices In other markets, helped also
by the sharp rally in corn. Under these in
fluences December was bid up from the open
ing. 82^c. to 82%@82*ic. There was con
siderable lon« wheat sold on the early bulges
and the advance was not without Its setbacks,
although never entirely losing its rise. Ad
vices from the Northwest were also s«nsa- ¦
tlonal rain and snow belns reported as very j
general, and much growing wheat Is believed '
to be ruined. Against this Influence, however, ]
were bearish statistics showing enormous [
world's shipments, largely Increased amounts 1
on ocean passaee and Increased Liverpool I
etocks. The market eased off. toward the 1
close on proflt-takinsr. but closed steady at a ,
gain of HC at B2J4©82%&
Corn futures were in active demand from :
the trade generally and particularly from those I
who had it sold for short account. The critical
situation of the crop, owing- to the freezing
temperatures, accompanied by snowstorms
through the Northwest ever Sunday, caused
bullish markets, and as the day progressed
there was no cessation In the buyirx. Decem
ber closed l%c over Saturday's final figures,
having sold up from M\c at the opening to
52?4c. when the demand was strongest. The
prediction of further frosts* in ntarby corn
States- to-night was also a great incentive to
buy and there was very ttttle corn to be had
at any time.
Oats' strength was partly in sympathy with
corn and partly due to bad weather. Decem
ber closed at 38e. a net gain of U®%c.
Corn was also responsible for the strength
in provisions. Small packers were the prin
cipal buvers. The close was 20o hither for
October pork, lard 10@12%c up n.n<J ribs 32%c
hither.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September, new. S0% 80% SOM 80%
December, new. K2% S2*i 82% S2Vi
May S4% 84»J 84% 8*V*
Corn No. 2 —
September T.1% r>2Vi 61% r>2
December 51 52% 50% 52
May 51 'i 52% 61 52Vi
Oats No. 2 —
September 36% 36% 36 36%
December 3~% 39 M 3794 38
May 39Ni 39T& 3»% 39%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
September . . . . 13 72%
October.' 80 13 85 13 75 13 62%
May 13 57% 13 S2% 13 57% 13 82%
Lard, per 100 lbs —
September 9 37% fl 40 9 35 9 35
October 8 32% 8 45 8 32% H 45
January 7 40 7 42% 7 40 7 42%
Short Ribp, per 10<> lbs —
September 8 NO 8 «2% 8 80 8 82%
October 8 70 0 00 8 65 fl 00
January 6 02% . 7 20 0 92% 7 17fo
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour
firm; No. 2 Red. 80%(ff82%c: No. 2 corn, 51%c;
No. 2 yellow, 63c J No. 2 White. 33%@37V 4 c;
No. 3 White. 37%®3S%c: No.*2 Rye, 5«%@57c;
good* feeding barley, 40-f50c; fair to choice
malting, Ji2@K*c; No. 1 flax seed, 99%c; No. 1
Northwestern, $1 05; prime 1 timothy seed.
$3 12%; mess pork, per bbl, $13 7O@13 75; lard,
per 100 lbs. $9 32%ff» 35; short ribs sides
<loose), $8 f>04?8 87; shoulders (boxed), S%@
C^ic; short clear sides fboxed), 8%®8%c;
clover, contract grade, $9 3509 40.
Articles— Recelpts.Shlpments.
Flour, barrels 14,100 2"0 300
Wheat, bushels 153,800 . 223.175
Corn, bushels 580.700 822 300
Oats, bushels 198, BOO 205,200
Rye. bushels 2.80O
Barley, bushels ,. 62,700 '. 7. .
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery, 15@2Oc; dairy, 13fli
17%c; eggs, steady, 17@18c; cheese, firm,' 11@
ll'/iC.
Chicago Grain Market.
The exportt of Wln« from San FranclBeo by
m* <3urir,(r the month of Augast were as fol
low»:
T» — Gallons. Cases. Values.
New York 39«.2K2 . . . $128,435
Hawaiian Islands... 39.O4"* 114 17.227
Mexico I 7.4S7 81 3,307
Central America*.... 8.0NS £2 4,232
Colombia 11.0«3 ... ' 4.1M
Rruador l.Kf.5 ... 1,000
Peru 4S5 . . . 24'i
British Columbia 1.320 56 641
« bin*. 2.537 ... »68
Japan 7.t«O 10 "2,«2O
t«fl Indies 400 ... 225
I'fcilipplne Wands... 28 ... 21
Tahiti 3.6M ... 1,211
Samoan Islands 242 92 422
New Zealand 5 50
j:-.rland 9.100 ... .1,«»0
(lormtnr 2r>2 3 135
Total* 490.733 453 $168,044
In Aururt, 19;i2. the exports were 316.642
pellons and 2St cases, valued at $113,125. In
that month 2f>7.90* gallons, valued at $S7.415.
m-«*t to New York and 27.056 gallons and "1
• »»e*. valued at $12,215. to t*ie Hawaiian
Wine Exports for August.
D S ref "s i*g..ir>H Do lf=t inc 16%
I>o couo 1OS% Minn & St L 4s. 9T,%
Do 3r re* 1OS M K & T -; 08
LK> coup 1OH ; Do 2d» 78
Do ne-.v 4s reg.i:>5 N Y Cen en .':%s. !ij%
Do coup 1% N J Cen con . r )a..l2S
Do old 4s reg.. 109 Northern Pac 4s. 100%
Do coup 110 Do 3s 71
Do 3s res 101% Nor £ W Ma 4s. OtITg
Do coua 101 u. Reading gen 4a »5
Atchison sen 4s.. V»% Bt I^&I M cen Sg.lll
Do adjust 4s... 90 St L & S F 4s.. 92
Bait & Ohio 4».. 101 ;S L S W lttb 94%
Bait & Ohio 3%s. J»2%' Do 2ds 72%,
Do conv 4g fts f-an A & A P 4s. 70%
Can South 2da ...105% Southern Psc 4s. S0%
Central of Ga 5s.l<>5<4 !">outhern Ry 5s...ll33 4
Do 1st inc 75 Texas & Pac lgts.114%
Che« & Ohio 4%?.102%/^'l Et U & W 4s. 71%
Chi & Alton .i%*. 73% Union Pacific 4s. 09 »;
C B & O new 4s. !I2% Do oonv 4s 74%
O M&StP gen 4s.lO4 Wabash lsts 114%
C & N W ion 7s.l30%i Do 2ds 105
C R I & P Is... 100% Do dob B 58
CCC&StL ven 4s. »« West Shore 4s... 109%
Chi Term 4s 73% W A- L Erie 4s... RS
Colo & South 4s. KTV t Wiseon Cen 4s... R9
I>enver & It G 4b. f:«% Con Tobacco 50%
Erie prior lien 4s. M%.C F & I 78%
Do gen 4s S3 Manhattan 101%
Ft W & D C lFtE.103%U'ennsylvanla 1)5%
Hocking Val ?%B.lO4i t !Hock Island 73
I. & N unif 4s... OS jU 8 Steel X 78%
Mexican Cen 4s. 73 I
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con io: Little Chief Oft
Alire |.... 17 'Ontario ...4 75
Breece Ifio-.ihir ¦ 1 S3
Brunswick Con .. 05 Phoenix Om
i'omstork Tunnel.. 07;>'i>tosi 25
Con Cal & Va....l W) ravage ..' 2S
Hnrr. Silver 1 <Xi Sierra Nevada ... 70
Iron Sliver 1 25 Small Ho:>ei ...... 20
LemdvtUc Con ... u't standard 2 CO
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — 1 Do prc-fd C9
Call loans 4 (t75 Westingh Com .. 78
Time loans .-...5%'SO ! Mining —
llonds — Adventure 5%
Atchison 4s 37% Allouez 4^
, M< x Cent 4s ... 71 Amalgamated .... 44%
Raliroads — Bingham T-i%
Atf hl?on T4% Calumet & Hecla.45u '
Do prefd H0% Centennial J8%
Boston & Albany. 2.V1 Copper Kange .. 56%
Boston & Maine.. 1HK Dominion Coal .. 73
P.oston L 137 Franklin x«
N Y N H & H..l!>5% Isle Royale 7
Fitthbure pfd ...134 Muhawk 40
Union Pacific ... 72% Old Dominion ... 8%
;Mci Cent 10% Osceola Rn%
Miscellaneous — Parrot 19y,
Amer SuRar 114% Quincy 88 "
Do prefd Iis% Santa Fe Copper. 1%
Amer T & T 131 Tamarack S3
, Dominion I & S. 12% Trinity 6%
1 Gen Electric lW ITnited States .. 19%
Macs Elec 20 Utah 2*%
Do prefd 78 'Victoria 3%
United Fruit ICO Winona 7%
V S Steel ia% Wolverine .68
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS,
fonsols. money. S3 3-16 Mo K & T... . 20-%
Do acct 8'J 5-10iN Y Central 12t>'
Anaconda 3% ! Norfolk & West.. 00
Atchlison Os i,i Ontario & West... 23%
Do prefd 'M% Pennsylvania 64
nalto & Ohio H3%iRand Mines fl»:
Canadian Pac .. -12««<, [Reading 27'i
Ches & Ohio 34»i| Do 1st prefd .. 40V.
; Chi capo G W.... 17%! Do 2d prefd .. 35 "
1 C M & St P 145%'Southern Ry 22%
DeEeers 2o I Do prefd 88
Denver A- R G.. 25'6 Southern Pacific 40%
Do prefd 80 tu Union- Pacific ... 77»,i
Erie .10 Do prefd 6S%
Do 1st prpfd .. r#% u S Steel 20%
Do 2d prefd .. C2 Do prefd 71%
Illlnolfi Central ..137 Wabash 22
Louis & Nash 108% Do prefd .....'. 36
Bar silver, firm. 20%d per ounce. Money.
2%©3 per cent. The rate of discount in the
open market for short bills is 3%Q3%c per
cent and for three months' blllg 3% per cent.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
NEW YORK BONUS.
Total share? (=old.507.200
UJfTTED ifAlLROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Sept. 14. — Bond transactions
fnite.1 Railroads of Pan Francisco; fiOOO at
J79 37 U, 12,000 at $79 25, 5C00 at $79 25.
Erie lit pfd 2.200 67% <">6% C6%
Erie 2d jifd SO) 51 % 50 60
•jreat Northern pfd >-•• I' 10
Hockins Valley &*
Hockir.* Val pM.. 10<> 7!H» ~9% iS
Illinois Ontral.... 2,300 133 J32 131%
Iowa Cer.trBl 100 19i; W : A 19
Iowa Central pfd.. Kn> 37 37 37
WC Southern 21%
K C Southern pfd 3S
L-iUis <v Nafh 2,000 105 104 104
Manhattan L 1.500 134* 4 132% 133
Metropolitan St Ry 1.700 313% 112* 4 112%
Minn & St Louis.. 200 T.7% 57ft 65
Missouri Faoinc 23.40<» !»3Vi »l 91%
Mi^. Kan & Tex.. 800 18% 1» 18%
M. K & T pfd 700 40i» 40 39
Ntl KR of M<*x pfd 400 41 % 40T4 40%
New York Central. 4,'KX) 122 120% 120%
Norfclk & Western. 1.20<> 02'i ,61 61%
Nor & West pM *8
Ontario & Western. 2.000 22'i 22\.; 22U
Pei -ntyivania lfS.OOU 124% 124V, 123%
P. C C &- St L 100 fl2% «".2% 60
KcadinB 43.70O la** 50 50
Reading let pfd 2<>0 79 7U 7S%
Re-adir.ir 2d pfd CO
Rrrk Island Co .52.700 2*3* 2<'.V, 26?i
Rock Island Co pfd TM ' 65 02% C2%
Si I. & S K IM pfd 65
St L & S F 2d pfd 4S
St L;ii:!s S W 900 1<!% 15 15
St I/tul* S W pfd. «OO 35»i 35 35
St Taul 40.4W 141*, 139% l'«Mi
St Paul pfd 172
Southern Pacific... 11,i»0<> 4S 4.5 43'^,
Southern Railway.. 4,100 22' 4 21^ 21%
Southern Ry pfd.. 300 85% S4H 84
T*xas & Pacific... 2.O0Q 26«i 25% 25^
T. St L & W ..; 10U
T. I- & VT pfd 27%
fnicn Pacific 61.300 7.'.% 72*, 72%
L'nicn Pacific pfd.. 300 S0% S5S 85%
Wabash 300 21% 21 l * 21
Wabash pfd 1..100 34', 33 32 T^
Whoel ALE 200 18 17% 17
WfRronsin Central. 300 1S% 1« 17«»
¦Wisconsin Cen pfd. 200 30»i 33 38%
Fxpress Compeniee —
Adams 223 •
An-.crican ISO
Tnitei States 103
Wells-Farpo 215
Miscellaneous —
Amals Copper 2S.2OO 47 44»i 44"j
Amer Car A Fndry «fK> S^ij 31 :il
Am Car & Fdr>' Pfd 200 82 82 82
Amer Unseed O!l lov;
Am Llnserd Oil pfd HO
Amer Locomotive.. 2<X> 17^ 17% 17%
Am Locomotive pfd 2^O 85 « S4*i
Am Smltg & Ref.. 4,100 43 42 42^4
Am Smtg & Rf pfd .10.0 00 S9V4 K0»»
Am Sugar Rffiningr 1.50-> 115 114>, 114>«
Anaconda llin Co 72
Pmklyn Rapid Tr. . 30..1OO 41 r:s*i, 3SU4
Colo Fuel & Iron.. -7M 4« 4:??s 43V4
Columbus & H Coal 14%
Cor.Folidatei Gaa... COO 173% 172 172
General Elfftrlc... 800 l«:i% 161' 160%
International Paper 100 12% 12% 12%
Internal Paper pfd • <V>
International Pump 34*i
lnt*-mat Pump pfd 70 '
Natior.il Biscuit... .V>0 40 3»Ti 3')%-
National Lead 15
North American 77
Pa'-ifir Mail 21%
People 1 * Oas «00 »3% n. - : 1)2^
Pressed Stetl Car.. .lort ':«»» : 3»«4 "39%
Pres* Steel Car pfd 2OO Toa, 70% 7!>%
Pullman Palace Car 100 217 217 216
Republic Pteel 4m) 10"^ 10ft 10^
Republic Pteel pfd. £00 r,5 1 V<5 64 %
Rubber Goods «XK> lR'i 16*x . 1«\4
liubbtr Goods pfd "0
Tenn Cr*l & Iron. 2.W>0 38% 37% 37<Ki
V S leather I.OnO "t*, 7^ 7%
C S Leather pfd 70=4
V S RuM^r 2OO 12 3 i 12% 12%
T P Rubber pfd 2W 42»i 42K «1
U S Ptfel 29.0p« 20»i 1!»^ )"i
U S Steel pfd 15.5" 69% <¦•!> i%
Western Union.... 1,000 83"H, S3 t<2%
Bid. Ask.! FM.Ask.
Efiwrania OK — I Pine Orove ..CO —
Olpsjr Quwn . SS' Rescue O» 1O
Gold Mount . — 10 'Ton Betmont.l 50 2 00
Hannapah ... — fflTi Cal — 4I>
Lucky Tom . . — OS Ton & G W . — 05
MaoXamara . 10 17 ! Ton N Star .. 4S 4!»
Mizpah Ex .. :52 4<» Ton Midway . 40 4T.
Montana Ton. 1>O 9« Ton * S Lake — 4S
Paymaster .. 12 15i. United Ton .. — 2O
TONOPAH MINES.
MONDAY. Sept. 14.— 4 p. m.
Bld.Ask.. BM.Ask.
Alpha C8 Jji Julia C2 C4
Alta r,.-> 01, ju.nice 09 10
Andes 17 IS, Kenturk .... 04 05
Belcher S3 ,'13; Mexican 1 05 1 15
Brst & Belch. 1 75 1 9<>: Occidental ... r.rt ."HI
Bullion 05 07 ; Ophlr 1 W) 1 U
Caledonia ... ttt SK! Overman .... 2« 2x
Challenge Con 3} 3ts. Potosi 27 2.H
Chollar 26' 27i Savage 2S 2l»
Confidence ... 80 90 Scorpion .... 04 CA
Con Cal & Virl .'..*» 1 «O Seg Belcher . 1". 15
Con Imperial. 04 05 Sierra Nev .. ftS 7<>
Con NY 2<> 21 Silver Hill ..72 74
Crown Point . 15 !•» St Louis 16 1H
Kureka Con . 4<> 5O Syndicate ... — W>
Exchequer ..IB 17 Vnlon Con . . fil> 71
Gould & Cur . 3O SI Utah 17 1!>
Hale & Nor .. 53 54 Yellow Jack . 5« 5;
Lady Wash . . »v» ««!
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
10<y> Esperanza ... O4| 10O Mont Ton J>«
20.000 E?peranza.. 03|110O Ton N Star.. 49
100 MacN'amara . 17 1650 Ton N Star.. 50
200 Mcnt Ton 931 ,
Afternoon Session.
20T10 E«peranza ... 04! 1C0 Paymaster .. 1.1
100 Gipsy Queen. 2K 4C0 Tono N Star. 4.'»
300 Mont Ton Of:! 100 Ton >J Star.. 43
10O Mont Ton P3 ; 10O Ton N Star.. 47
20O Paymaster .. 14! -
Mornlnp Session.
The following were the sales on th© Saa
Francisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yes
terday:
TONOPAH MINES.
Afternoon Session.
BOO BuIHcn » . . . to; 30O Justice .... CB
200 Caledonia ..05 2G0 Mexican ...1 07%
200 Chal Con... SB 3C0 Mexican ...1 10
700 Chollar 27 10O Ophlr 182%
200 C Imperial . 05 20O Overman . . 20
500 Con N York 21 20O Potosl 27
5CO Crown Point 14 20O Savage .... 27
:!OO Gould & Cur ?.D 40O Savage 23
200 Hale & Nor 53 S0O Seg Belcher. 14
200 Hale & Nor 54 10O Sierra Nev. tf»
BOO Julia 03 500 Utah 18
200 C C A Va..l 55 rl2C0 Savage 2S
il«C Imperial. ©?> I 60O Savage .... 2tt
300 Crown Point 14 30O Scorpion ... 04
1200 Exchequer . IS I :»O Set: Betcher 13
BCO Exchequer . 17 I 200 Sierra Nev. 71
600 Exchequer . IB i 400 S!erra Nev. 70
1100 Gould & Cur SO I K00 Union Con.. TO
600 Kentuck ... 04 i «0ft Yellow Jack f 0
300 Mexican ...1 15 | 200 Yellow Jack 54
300 Mexican. ...I 12%;
2 p. m. Session.
December— $1 14%.
OATS— Rule eteady. with a continued brisk
inquiry for seed Black especially.
White. $1 2001 32%: Black, $1 40©l 60;
Red. $1 20©l 22% for common and $1 25®
1 35 for choice: Gray. $1 27% per ctl.
CORN — The Inflow from the West continues
and the market rules easy In consequence,
with an occasional decline.
Western, sacked. $1 4i.'%Sl 45 for Yellow
Jl 42% for Whlte'and $1 40 for mixed; Califor
nia large Yellow, $1 60^1 55; small round
do $1 70(&l 75; White, $1.55 per ctl.
RYE— *1 20@l 27% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25®2 50 per ctl.
Feed $1 12%@1 13«i; Shipping and Brewing,
$1 20@l 25; Cnevaliei, $1 -Old 50 lor fair to
choice.
FUTURES. -
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. ' Close.
December ..$1 14% ?1 14% $1 14% $1 14%
•> Open. High. Low. ' Close.
December ..$147% ?1 47% $147% $1 47«j,
BARLEY — Futures were steady, but . the
cash market was a fraction lower, with rather
larger offerings.
. ..CASH BARLEY. .. :.. ... .. ...
2 p. m. Session.
California Club. $1 4501 C2«£; California
White Australian, SI 55<gl 00; Northern Club,
$1 45®l,50; Northern Blue 6.tem. $1 56®1 67%;
Oregon Valley, $1 62%.
FUTURES.
Eesglon 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 47 $1 47V« $1 47 $1 47%
Chicago was firmer on unfavorable weather
Indications. The export demand was disap
pointing. St. LouiB reported the cash mar
ket higher and firm.
The tone of this market was firm, but quo
tations showed little variation.
CASH WHEAT.
WHEAT— Foreign futures were slightly
higher. The world's shipments for the week
were u follows, In quarters: Russian, 457,
000; Argentine. 42.0CO; Indian, 156.000. The
American visible supply increased 826,000
bushels.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Street —
$2000 Cal Cen Gas & Electric 5s lftl 00
$5000 Pacific Electric Ry 5s 110 "25
Afternoon Session.
Beard —
5 Alaska Packers' Asan 155 00
10 Giant Powder Con. s 9O «.*? 0O
65 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 44 50
5 Onomea Sucar Co SO 25
125 Paauhau S P Co 16 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 05) 1)0
, 45 S V Water S5 00
$1000 Hawaiian C & S Co 5s 99 00
$2000 Market-St R R Con 5s ...115 25
$1000 8 V 4 a (2d mUe) 10O 00
10 Hutchinson s P Co 13 50
60 S V Water 85 00
$1000 S. F & S J V Valley bonds 120 25
$3000 S V 4s (2d mUe) 100 00
Street—
$.1000 Hawaiian C & S Co 5s OO 00
?50OO N PCTR R5a 107 5O
$30,000 Pacific Electric Ry os 110 00
Morninz Session.
Board —
20 Alaska Packers' Assn 154 00
10 Honokaa Co 13 25
Alaska Packl56 — Oceanic S C — —
Cal Fruit As 93 93 Pac A F A.. 2?4 —
Cal Wine As — 1>7% Pac C Borx.167 170
MISCELLANEOUS.
Hana P Co. — — iKIlauea S C — —
Hawaiian C. 44U 44*4 Maka well C. 22^ —
Honokaa S C 13 13V4 Onomea S C. 3O 3OVa
Hutch S P C 13»» — jPaauhau S C 15*4 —
Ger S & Ia - — |Sav & L Soc 95 —
Hum S & I* — — jSec'Sav Bk. — —
Mutual Saw. — — j Union T Co. — —
8 F Sav U.5S0 700 ¦ I
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — — i Presidio .... — 41
Geary — — I
POWDER
Giant 63 63-TilVlgorit — 5t;
SUGAR.
8AVINGS BANKS.
BANK STOCKS.
Am Natl Bk.120 125 L,P & A — —
Anglo-Cal .. — — Mer Trust ..220 230
Bank of Cal.620 — Merch Ex... — —
Cal Safe Dp. — — ,8 F National — —
First Natlonl — — . I
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Btd.Ask. Bld.Ask.
4s qr coup... — — 4s qr c (new) — —
4s qr reg — — Ss qr coup. . .107 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — ) Do 5s — —
Boy CPC 6sl02%105 Do con 5s. — —
Cal C6 5i..l«t — , O W C G 5s. — —
Cal <j & K g ; Oceanic S 5s. — —
m & ct 5s. — 102H Om C R Cs, — —
Cal-at 6s.... — — Pac G Im 4s. —
C C Wat 5s. — 102ft P E Ry 5*. 110 1U
Ed L & P «s — — !P & C H 6a. — —
F & C H 6#. — — IP & O R Cs. — —
Geary-st5s.. — — Po we 11-st 6s. — —
H C & S 5H> — — 8 E GAR 5s. — —
H.C & S 6a. 03% — SF & SJVos. — 12OVi-
Hon R T 6s.lOlbl08 S R of C es.lll^ — *
LA Elec 5s. — 1C5 S P of A tia
L A Ry 5s.. — — (190.0 .... — —
LALCo6s. — — <1910> — —
Do gtd 6s. — — 8 P of C 6s
uo gtd 5s. — — (1-Jt>5)3r A. — —
LAP lem 5s. — — (l'JOS)Sr.B. — —
Mkt-st c «s. — — <i:kx;j — —
Do lem 68.115 — (1032) — —
NRR of C 6a — — BP C lice 6s. — —
NRC of C 63 — 119% Do stmpd. — —
N P C R 5s. — — S P B K 8s. 13.S
N C R 5s.. — — 8 V Wat 6s. — 10t>«i
N C P C 5s. — — Do 4s 2dm. — 100
N> 8 R 5s.. — 100 Do 4s 3dm. — —
O G L H 5s. — — SUcn G&E Cs — —
O T Co 6«.. — — UO4E5s. - —
WATER STOCKS. *
Contra Costaj— — jPort Costa. . — — • ¦*
Martn Co ... — I Spring Val.. — 8*»
» GAS AND ELECTRIC. \ .
Cent L & P. — 3 Sac E G &R — —
Equit Gas... — 6% S F G & E. 68% 69
Mutual E L IS 13«i S F Gas — —
Pac Q Imp. 54Vi 65 Stock G&E— —
Pac Lighting 55% — U O & E 34 —
TRUSTEES" CERTIFICATES.
8 F G & E. 68 69
INSURANCE.
Firem'a Fnd. — —
MONDAY. Sept. 14—2 p. m.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
Local stocks and bonds continue quiet.
Nczc York stock market several points lower.
Sterling Exchange weaker and Silver firmer.
Wheat firm. Barlcv a fraction burr.
Oats steady. Corn weak and Rye unchanged.
Beans stUl unsettled, oaring to nczc crop arrivals.
Feedstuff s weak. Hay arriving heavily.
Butter and Eggs firm. Cheese in large supply.
Provisions higher at Chicago and unchanged here.
Cattle. Sheep and Hogs as before quoted.
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables quiet.
Poultry steady and in gobd demand.
Fresh Fruits about as before. Lemons and Limes very firm.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — $4 83^
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86%
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 87^
New York Exchange, sight — 07^,
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounc« — 67V4
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 47}j
Exchange and Btdlion.
WOOL— Quiet. . . I
COFFEE — Spot Rio steady; No. 7 Invoice, 1
5'ic; mild, quiet. Futures closed steady, net j
54J1O points higher. Sales, 26,125 bags. Includ
ing: September, 4.20c; October, 4.25c; No
vember. 4.35<34.40c ; December, 4. We; January.
4 «&c- March 4.85@4.90c; May, 5c;,July, 5.05# !
5.10c. „ 'j
SUGAR — Raw, firm; reflnea. steady: No. (J. i
4.50c: No. 7. 4.45c; No. 8. 4.40c; No. », 4.35c; j
No 10. 4.30c; No. 11, 4.2Ge; No. 12. 4.20c; No. J
13 4.15c; No. 14. 4.10c; confectioners' A, 4.<5c; .
mold A. 0.15c; cut loaf. 5.50c; crushed. 5.60c; .
powdered. 5c; granulated, 4.90c; cubes, 5.15c. •
DRIED FRUIT.
The market for evaporated apple* continues
quiet and unchanged. Common. 4®5c; prime,
5H@5%c; choice. 6©«Vic; fancy. CftlS^MiC.
Spot prunes continue steady to firm, . with a
fair business going forward: In some quar- |
ttrs the medium sizes are held a little moj^j
firmly. Quotations range from 3*ic to ~c fy
Apricots rule firm. Choice. extra
choice. aVifclOVic; fancy. ll%@12c.
Peaches remain steady and unchanged:
Choice, 7H@^%< ; : extra choice, 7«i@8Vic.
HOPS— Steady.
PETROLEUM4-Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
OJAic f. o. b. afloat. In face of big world's
shipments wheat was generally firm and higher
to-day. Its Impetus came from a strong corn
market, smaller Western receipts, higher
Northwest markets, rain In spring 1 wheat sec
tions and covering. Near the close eome real
izing occurred, but final prices were still %@
};c higher. May. 8SH88S l-16c, closed So^c;
September, S7^C»*>7*ic. closed 87*ic; Decem
ber. KSiaSS'-ic, closed 68%c. *
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
LOCAL MARKETS.
California Title and Insurance has declared
a quarterly dividend at the rate of 6 per cent
per annum, payable October 1. '
The right of stockholders to subscribe for the
new or Increased capital stock of the Bank of
California will expire at 3 p. m. to-day, and
the new stock subscribed for must be paid for
before 3 p. m. on October 1. A sale of "rights"
was made on Saturday at $160.
In the afternoon there was a further ad
vance in Alaska Packers to $155. Giant Pow
der aold at $63, seller 90.
The Sliver Hill Mining Company has de
clared a dividend of 5c, payable on the 21st.
Trading was light on the morning session
and the only changes worthy of note were ad
vances In Alaska Packers to $154 and Spring
Valley Water to $85. The oil stocks were neg
lected.
SEATTLE. Sept. 14.— Clearings, $828,601;
balances. $181,880.
TACOMA. Sept. 14.— Clearings, $379,040;
balances. $50,590.
PORTLAND. Sept. 14.— Clearings, $963,276;
balances. $102,313. '
SPOKANE, Sept. 14.— Clearings, $512,902;
balances, $72,322.
Northern Business.
ferlnga. from other nectlons. Offerings In bulk
sold rather slowly, as the canners were not
In the market, being busy with other fruits.
Fancy Bartlett Pears were steady, but com
mon varieties were easy. Fancy Apples moved
1 freely at steady prices, with some fine Spit
zrabergs selling up to $1 25 per box. Trashy
Apples continued abundant and dull. Prunes,
Qulnceo and Figs were offering freely, and
stood about- as previously quoted. Melons con
tinued firm under light supplies and a steady
demand. Only two cars of Watermelons came
In, and the receipts of Nutmeg Melons ami
Cantaloupes were very light. A few well
known brands of fine large Cantaloupes found
Quick eala at $3 per crate. Table Grap«s
were in free supply, and except for fancy
shipping stock the market was rather easy.
The market was overstocked with wine
Grapes and prices were irregular. There were
about 12 cars of Zinfandel on the track and
the demand was limited. There was practi
cally no sale for the white variety. Changes
In berries were slight. Receipts of Black
berries were light, but other descriptions wer«
plentiful and In fair request.
Cltrue Fruits were steady. Mexican Limes
were well cleaned ud and prices were flrm<r.
The demsred for Lemons was brisk., owing xo
the scarcity of Limes, but price*' were no
higher. Oranges, Bananas and Pineapple*
stood as previously quoted.
STRAW BERRIKS— *1 60©3 . for Mallndas
and $4@5 for other large varieties; Long
worths, nominal.
RASPBERRIES— $4@7 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $2@3 per chest for ordi
nary and for fancy from Santa Crux.
HUCKLEBERRIES-«@8c per.Ib. m
APPLES — 8Sc(3$l .10 per box for fancy, 50®
75c for good to choice and 25@40c for com
mon.
PEARS— Bartletts. |1@1 25; winter varie
ties, 60@«0c Der box. I
QUINCES— 60@eOc per box.
FIGS — Black. 75c@Sl for double layer*. 80@
6Oc for drawers and slngla. layers and
for large boxes from the river; white. 50@75c
for double layers and 25©40c for drawers and
single layers. ,
PRUNES— 50@60c per crate and 35®50c per
box; large open boxes, 60® 75c.
PEACHES — Small boxes. 60c(g$l; carriers.
TScgTfl; large open boxes, 68c@$l; per ton, $25
for Clingstones and Salways.
POMEGRANATES— 75c®|l per box.
GRAPES— Seedless. 50@75e per box; Isabel
la, 70083c per box or crate; other varieties, 30
§50c for small boxes; 50®75c for crates and
75c@$l for large open boxes ; Wine Grapes, $20
@25 per ton for Zlnfandel and >15®16 for Mus
cat. .. • ¦
MELONS — Cantaloupes, $1 60®2 50 por
crate; Nutmeg Melons, $1@1 23 per box; Wa
termelon*, 13@25c each. <
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $2 75<g3 for fan
cy Valencias, ?2@2 50 for choice and $1 25®
1 SO for standard; Seedlings, $1@>1 25; Lemons^
$1@3 per box; Grape Fruit, ?1 75@2 25; Mex
ican L.lmes. ?8®0; Bananas. per
bunch for Central American and $1 25@2 for
Hawaiian; -Pineapples, f2 50@3 per dozen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 15. 1903.
STOCK MARKET.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
NEW TOKK. Sept. 14.— FLOUR— Receipts
17.42« barrels; .-sport*. 24,084 barrels; market
more active and firm.
WHEAT— Receipts, 44,900 busheln; exports,
11.438. Spot firm; No. 2 red, 85*ic elevator and
sh'-it- f. o. l». afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth.
84Hc t. o. b. afloat; No. 1 bard Manitoba,
11
AUCTION SALES
£*> &* jfe
AUCTION SALE
At the B. T. McCULLOUGH RASCH, tw»
miles east of Crows Landing. Stanislaus Co..
I will sell at 10 a. is..
Wednesday, Sept. 16, 1903,
120 mares and geldings. 75 3 and 4 year old
mules. 35 yearling and 2-year-old mules, 1
Norman stallion. 1 Belgian stallion and 4 fin*
jacks.
Free conveyance ' from depot to ground*.
Free lunch.
Terms of sale — cash.
B. T. McCtTLLOrGH. Proprietor.
£* &*
TO CLOSE OUT MY ENTIRE STOCK of 37
work and driving horses, 4 surreys, 4 top bug-
gies. 3 carts. 12 road and business buggies and
80 seta of single and double harness. 1 will sell
at 1140 Folsom St.. Tuesday. Sept. 15. 11 a. m..
the entire stock at auction.
GRAND AUCTION SALE.
All horses, wagons, harness, plows, scrap-
ers and. other material belonging to GRKEX.Y
& SONi contractors, will be sold at auction
without reserve TUESDAY. September 15. 11
a. m., at ctables, Seventh ave., between Point
Lobos and Clement.
£m Regular Weekly Auction of £a\
HORSES. HORSES. HOKSE3.
Weonesdav September IB, at 11 a. m.. AR-
CADE HORSE MARKET. 327 Sixth it.
JOHN J. DOYLE, Auctioneer.THE SAN FEANCISCG CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1903.
12
HORSES AND WAGONS.
GRAND auction sale; all horses, wagons, har-
ness. plows.» scrapers and ether material be-
longing to Greely & Sen. contractors, with-
out reserve. Tuesday. September 15. 11 a. nv.
at stables. 7th. bet. Pt. Lobes and Cleoient.
40 FRESH milch cows Just from the country;
must be smM to-day: *.i0 to $10 each. SAM
AFTEEGUT. Mission road, rear Seven-Miie
House and county line. - ? ,\
ON account oC going to build, entire stock of
wagons, buggies and harness must be sold at
• sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia sts.
HARNESS and saddles, the b?st for the money
at JEPSEN BP.OK. CO., inc.. th<« bl? store.
1145-47 Market St., San Francisvo.
FOR eale — Express wacon. with top frame
canvas. Apply 4W7 Twenty-sixth st.
FOR SALE — Handsome trap; cheap. Eos 1C50
Call efflce.
ONE fine surrey. 4 bupgies, 1 pony and 2 pony
carts for *ele. 1504 Fo'som s:.
f GCO*> ho-«e)i for sa> '•^eitn. s;r «Mt?> «t.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wacon
and gocart for sate cheap. 532 Mission st.
CHKAPEST and best in America— The Wfek'f
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
HOISKS TO LEI.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send~tor~cp^
cular. G. II. UMBSEN U. CO.. 14 Monteomerr.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense l!it:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will «av« you tim« and
trouble. CorUffn Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
St., on the square.
VAN NES3 are., 2106. near Pcclflc avs —
Modern house. 10 rooms ; ¦ rent $70.
$37 !H> — MODERN house, eight large, sunny
rooms, bath. 1720 Baker st.. nr. California,
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN Sc HOWELL. 25 Post tx.
A WEEK'S ne-srs fcr 5 cents — The Weekly Cal!,
1« pages, in wrapper, for maillnr. $1 per year.
HOUSES TO LET Fl.H.MSIIKD.
OAK. 41»— Elegantly furnished house; 10 rooms
and 3 baths; large garden: grand vtew.
SIBIUD\N JIOI SK.M.
IN Colma: ."-room house; large lot; to let; 1
block from station; plenty cf water; sheis.
basement. Inquire ltl Clara St.. upstairs.
LOST AM* r'OLM).
LOST — A small oxidized silver watch and pin
with initials "M. B. J." p on back and -Tif-
fany & Co." on face. Finder will be re-
warded on brtncir.g It to MISS JOLLIFFE,
the Plymouth, cor. Hush and Jones sts.
LCST — Sunday evening, from D»xt?r Pr nc*
Stables. 15O!> Grove st., liver colored renter
dog: had San Francisco and Oakland li-
censes on collar. Return above address ani
receive suitable reward.
LOSX— Sunday afternoon at Sutr,-> Baths or
Sntro cars, pair diamond screw earrings
. wrapped In paper; valued as keepsake; suit-
able rewaxd. 123 California St.. room 419.
LOST — September 1. bulldog; color brlndle.
white chest and feet, ears and tall cut: collar
and license; answers to name "Major" or
"Kid "; $5 reward. 1310 Baker, near Geary.
LOST — Last Tuesday, on Montg. St., 2 archi-
tectural photographs. 532 Market, r. 'J: re.w'd.
LOST — Lady'a Bol.l watch, on Tsilllj sm. mill
st. : No. 3573 Twenty-second st. : reward.
LOST — A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in th«
name of MARTIN OLSEN. No. 237-S32. The
finder will please return to, bank.
I $15 REWARD for return of two rings lost la
ladies' toilet, California Cafe. Seyt. 11..
WHITAKER. RAY & CO., 723 Market st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
i Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs Hid
gold and silver to make n»w watch cases.
LOFTS TO LET.
LOFT~~to~leaa«^y65« ili=.a.on St.. NW. corner
Cf Annie; light '.oft of 40CO square feet; pas-
tcnger and freight elevator service ; win lea«e
for a term: rent reasonable. SHAINWALD.
BTJCKBEE A CO.. 213-223 Montgomery st.
Mill* building.
MEDICAL.
V'ALPEAU'E female piKs; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets; price J- 50. By expreaa
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BKOTH-
ERd, wholesale druggists. Severn. i an!
Broadway. Oakland.
MRS. DR. WYETH. Medalist for all femai«
complaints; instant relief guaranteed; U'»
years' experience; removed to 828 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable- specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant r»-
lief guaranteed. 10CSVJ Market St.. opp. 3th.
DR. O. W. O'UO.NNEUi — All who are sic* or
In trouble consult tola specialist on f«mat«
ccmplalnts; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the mest difficult cases treat*
»d; advice free. Office. 1018 Marks*, st.
Drs. Goodwin. 7^!3 Turk. nr. Van Nesn — Export
In obstetrics, female complaints; irsst. r*l!sf;
treatment $10; hours 1 . 10 to 5: 25 yrs. ea^er.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladle*"
specialist; a private home before and durlsg
confinement: best medical caia: low fees.
X>K. ROSEN moved to 2995 Folsom it., cor.
26th: relief $:0: ladies' exclusive office. ,
DK. and MHS. DA VIES and HINDOO HEHB»;
original method of treatment. 112B Mark«t <.
A maternity v-illa: private: secluded; conflden-
tlal. Dr. E. Funke. 141* Eighth at.. Alameda.
DR. NO TOY KEE. 319 Powell st.. opposite
Union Xjtiarg: all disease* cured by herbs.
311LLIM2UY.
LADIES, you are Invited to visit my millinery
opening to-day and to-morrow; imported avi
New York hats. MME. DOSCH. 207 Post st.
MRS. RUMPLE will be pleased to meet old and
new friends at her millinery par:or3.221G»ary
MISCELLANEOUS — FOIl SALE.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK 7
Repair it with elaterlte; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no palzxing or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shlnsclea; best for tiow roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFINO CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HD. machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged- see Sunday papers.
II. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beala st.
A — Fine suits, $7 50; dress pants, *_' SO. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23S Krarny *:..
near Bush: open to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — $2 5O DERBY and fedora, hats. $1 78. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny at., near
Pine: open till ft p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pullesv
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 anil $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pa.- express
charges. 11 'M st.. Exam, bid.: catalog, free.
NEWSPAPER route for sale: fine chance fop
the rizht man. Address N. A. LARSEN'.
1715 Pacific ave.. Alameda.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH A; "WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont st.
$150 — NATIONAL cash register, almost new;
cost 5325. WOLF & FRANK, 232 Kearny st.
SAFE — Price $.">0. Bella Union Phonograph
Parlors. 805 Kearny st.
A FINE 4%-carat perfect white diamond at a
bargain. 10 Sixth st :- '
GOOD stove fnr sale cheap. 5S1 IIav;s gt. ;
bakery.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 317-423 Sacramento sC
A JULES JUItGENSEN 5-minut<t repeaunc
watch; very reasonable. 10 Sixth s^
PAIR 3-karat diamond earring* at a, bargain.
10 Sixth st. /
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. BuUard & Brcck. 131 Pest st.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
MOVlNO picture film and sons slides. 109
Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and seeond-haod. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains ;can»p stools nnd chairs. hammocks.
metal beds.mattreases.J.F.Hotter.71^ Mission.
Edison phor.cgraphs. records, supplies, movm*
picture machines, films. Baclgalual. 033 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles arrt launches,
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on <ieef»n<l-han<l typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. tlO Montg'y.
CHEAPFST and best In America— Tli- Weekly
¦ Call. 16 pnges. sent tn any address In th*
Unitfrt ! g t<»ti'« »r Cui-dt nn-> ve»r fo- <1.
MISCELLA-XEOKS WANTS.
BOOKS and libraries bousrht. H. C. HOLME3.
1149 Market St.; phone Jessie ::741. or postal.
TILTON wants good secend-hand clcthlnz an4
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st. ; tel. Jessie 235!.
A BIG price paid for sealskins: send postal.
£3 Stockton St.; phone Bus!* 454.
HELP WAXTEP---MALE— -Con. , ¦
MURRAY A READY.
PHONB MAIN 5S4S. C34 and 633 Clay st.
LEADING EMPLOYMENT and Labor Agts.
Office half block leng; 14 clerks employed;
by our own printing plant we publish a
"FREE" Bulletin of Labor, containing every
position segregated under departments., ready
* for distribution 7 a. m. ; also noon and even-
Ing editions. GET ONE FREE. German.
Italian, French. Spanish. Portuguese. Greek
apoken. " f
THIS IS WHAT |
MADE US FAMOUS. j
Wa know no distinction between Man and
Man.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
lf>02 WE GAVE l»O3 WE'LL GIVE
45,000 MEN WORK. 60,000 MEN WORK. |
TO-DAY WE SHIP FREE TO
NEVADA, ARIZONA.
OREGON. LOS ANGELES.
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS. WILLITS UKIAH.
AND ALL POINTS S. P. and Santa Fe
NORTH. EAST AND SOUTH
RAILROAD HELP of every description in-
cluding drillers, hammer and corner men.
muckers. • laborers, teamsters blacksmiths,
cooks and waiters. $5. $4. $3 $2 day
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay 'st.
CARPENTERS FREE FARE.
4 carpenters, large winery, faro $3. $40 fd.
4 carpenters, lumber company plain work !
fare $2 ©O. $75.
Carpenter, ranch. 30c fare.. $40 and found i
SPECIAL.
15 carpenters. 0 ' helpers, bit water power,
south. $90 and |o~ CO.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clayst.
COME.
3<!3 laborers, teamster*, city and country Jobs.
$-. $2 50 and $3 day; all classes of work;
come, see.
153 Italians. $2 23 day.
You board yourselves. Steady Jobs.
20 laborers, fres fare. 14 miles away. $42 and
found.
1S5 coal miner*, free far* $3 to $5 day.
lo5 laborers, teamsters. Wlllits, Ukiah, free
fars, $CT 50.
Do. You Know — Fre» Fare.
On every train wa ship to S. P. Co.'s own
work, on .all divisions, laborers, extra gangs l
also section hands.
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
ISO teamsters and axmen, $75.
107 laborers and drillers. $75.
155 track layer*, ballast track, $67 50.
Cost you only $1; no discount; steady job.
MINES. QUARRIES. TUNNELS.
1C5 laborers, you'll suit. $60. $75. fd.
&*• miners and tlmbermen. $00 found.
186 quarrymen. also drillers. $S2 to $9O.
»« carmen, furnace men. $75.
STABLES. »FARMS. DAIRIES, HARVEST.
196 farm, orchard, vineyard hands, $30 to $-15
found.
SS milkers, butter-makers. ?30, $.*». $40 found.
156 harvest hands, hay balers. S2 50. S3 day.
€8 choremen, coachmen, gardeners. $30 to $50
and found.
10 stablemen, city and country. *30 to $45 fd.
68 men for brick y^irds. $35 to $<M> found."
MARRIED HELP .WANTED.
12 men and wives, farms, orchards, mines,
mills, "$10 to $70 and found.
MURRAY & READY.
_^ <O4 and 636 Clay st.
WHERE ARE THEY?
$6 lumber trusts and syndicates.
Located in Four States,
Managers Here. . Two Territories.
FREE— FREE— FREE.
995 laborers, no experience wanted. $35 «o
$70 and found. i
188 experienced mill and yard men. $40 to
$150 and found. ',
8S3 woodchoppera, $40 to $150 and found.
386 woodchoppers. tlemakers. shingle, post,
picket and box bolt makers, tools and r re-
visions found.
BIG L MURRAY & READY.
TRUSTS. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A — COOKS — BIG PAY.
COOKS. BIG PAY. COOKS. COOKS.
26 cooks for harvest and fruit ranches hay
presses, etc.. $70. $G0. $50. $10, $30 found;
very few men to cook for; no women there.
4 cooks for different mines. $70. $65. $50, $40
found.
4« cooks, hotels, restaurants, cafes, saloons,
etc.. $70 to $40 found.
i WAITERS.
S2 waiters, different places. Including cafes,
grills. $15 to S30 found. " i
6 bell and elevator boys, city and country j
positions. $15 to $30 found.
8 porters and bedmakers. city and country
positions. $45 to $20 found.
86 dishwashers, etc., city and all parts of
California. $10 to $25 found.
15 boys to learn trades and work in fac-
tories $6 to $12 week.
MURRAY &. READY. 634-636 Clay st.
ARE YOU GOING FRUIT PICKING TO-D \Y
OR TO-MORROW? 295 men wanted; any-
body can do the work; a man or a boy who
can eat fruit can pick fruit
<1 FEE. $1 FARE.
FRUIT $37 50 found FRUIT
PICKING 530 found. PICKING
TO-DATs^_ $34 found. TO-DAY.
Some to work about packing and dry houses;
you can have a good vacation. Go come
back with $9O to $120. We ship NORTH.
EAST. SOUTH; also many to the great
vineries.
MURRAY & READY. 6S4-636 Clay st.
SPECIAL. —BY— TELEGRAPH
MIDNIGHT —BY— PHONE & LETTER
SPECIAL NOTICE TO-DAY.
3563 POSITIONS NOT ADVERTISED.
>.* COM» SEE.
16 ranch teamsters, different jobs, $32 to $40
and found.
TUOLUMNE CO.— FARE PAID.
39 laborers, first-class lumber conjpany. $60.
ARIZONA TO-NIGHT.
EUREKA— HUMBOLDT— FARE PAID.
32 laborers, big, good lumber company, $60
to $75.
EL DORADO COUNTY— FARE TAID.
16 more laborers, big lumber trust, $12 and
found.
RESERVOIR WORK.
25 laborers and teamsters, fare $1 30; $67 5O.
LOOK!— RARE PAID.
25 laborers, manufacturing plant, $67 50.
68 TRACKMEN. NEW WORK, $67 50.
2 tank coopers, winery, $3 50 day.
26 lumber pliers, Santa Cruz County, $60.
j~ HALF FARE TO CHICO.
165 laborers, teamsters, axmen. $75.
NORTHEAST— SOUTH— FREE.
2555 RAILROAD LABORERS, TEAMSTERS.
Experienced nailing machine man, city, $75.
4 SOUTH TO-DAY.
25 laborers, pile lumber. $!'• and found. '
WAREHOUSE.
12 laborer?,' fare SI. you'll suit, S3 day.
Boiler-maker's helper, country. $2 25 day.
Dumpcart driver, n'ne. $35 found.
2 dishwashers, ranch, fare $1. $25 found.
5 laborers for woods, north, $-10 found.
5»5 laborers, special electric railroad, $60, $75.
Boiler-maker, also helper, country.
crock. 12 men. fence gang railroad, boss here.
$40 and found.
3tt drillers, water company, north. $75.
36 drillers, muckers, etc., $75. $60; free fare
SPECIAL INDUCEMENTS.
165 iron men. spikers and track latiorers, $75.
12 laborers, track gang on railroad. $3 day.
2 carpenters, factory, 10c fare. $J.
3 meat cutters. $15 week; blacksmith. $1
fare, $3; woodturner. $3 50; cook, orchard,
fare $1. $10 and found; waiter. Monterey;
waiter, mine town, $35. fare paid.
BEST PLACES AT MURRAY & READY'S.
BIGGEST WAGES AT 634-036 Clay St.
FRESNO— FREE FARE.
25 laborers. You go to-day. Call early.
MURRAY & READY. 634-6315 Clay st.
WANTED— For the U. 6. Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and 33:
good character; must speak, read and writs
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
In all part* of the world, on land In our Isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations ta the
United States. Apply at recruiting office. 40
Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.: 222% N. Main
St.. Los Angeles. Ca!.. and 401 K sC. Sacra-
mento. Cal.
WANTED — First-class hardware man to take
charge of dept., understanding shelf, heavy
hardware, vehicles. Implements; state age,
salary, etc.: refs. must accompany applica-
tion. Add. Dinkelspiel Bros.. Bakersflcld.
WANTED — Educated man to learn our busi-
ness and 'take responsible position when
Qualified; position permanent: salary $300:
references required. OEO. L. SHCMAN &
CO., 64 Columbian building. -.. ..-¦.:
WASTF.n — Educated gantleman to locate In
Oakland and write short articles for publica-
tion. $18 per week: no communications an-
swered without references. . Box 1720. Call.
WANTED — Educated gentleman to locate In
Oakland and write short articles for publica-
tion; $18 per week; no communications an-
5 swered without references. Bcx 1720. Call.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; special offer this month; catalogut
and full Information mailed free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st. ¦ ,
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
FIRST-CLASS man for general office work;
state age. experience and salary expected.
Address box 12J7. Call office.
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers.
Apply room 14. 28 Montgomery st., Saa
Francisco Construction Company.
FURNISHED barber shop; rent reasonable to
right man. Apply 1633 Turk st.
ERRAND boy with good recommendations.
ROGERSON'S. 535 Valencia st.
WANTED — Man for nursery and general work.
500 Halcht st.
WANTED — Good general blacksmith and
sheer. H. HORTOP. Rutherford. . Cal.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe aad
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
ALL sizes' men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. S63 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HELP WAXTKD~MALB— Cob.
AT O. R. HANSEN A CO.'S HM1»LOYMENT
AGENCY.
' 429 Burti st 642 Clay st.
A Special Shipment To-day — Free Fare.
1000 mta for R. R. work California and Na-
Yftda, $2 to $3 day. free fare.
Cower-hous* engineer, R. R. camp, Narada,
$40 found, free fare.
Butler, privates family 945
Man for chores and raise chlcksns. country
Institution, $30; outside salesman. (100; por-
ter, $50; grocery, wholesale house; young
man for creamery, who knows city and can
drive wagon. $60; farmers, $30.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Second cook and potwasher, new hotel, Hum-
boldt County, free fare, $00. $30; restaurant
cook. $1CO; waiter, country hotel, privats
stand. $35; bell boy. seme place. $15. free
fare; 2 waiters, country hotel, $30; pantry-
man, first-class spring3 hotel. open year
around, see party here. S35. $40: porter and
runner, country hotel, ?^5; upstairs porter,
Santa Barbara, see party here, $25: porter,
winter resort. $25; kitchen hands, bell, ele-
vator boys>. cooks, pantrymen, housemen,' por-
ters.
C. n. HANSEN & CO.'S EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY
429 Bush st ...842 Clay sC
1 COACHMAN, $40; man about place, country.
$35 and found; blacksmith, $2 50 day; black-
smith helper, 52 to $3 day; 5 miners, $3 day;
laborers for mills and woods, $10 and board;
laborers for mines and quarries $2 and $2 60
day; farmers, $30 and found: milkers, $30
an.l $35 and found; 2 farmers and wives, $40
and $55 and found; choreman. 520 and found;
woodchoppers, $1 50 cord; and many others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
RESTAURANT baker. . $G5; first-class butler.
$40 to $50; janitor for institution, $30 and
found; porter for hqie'C $25 and found; 'meat
cook for lnstltutloM $55. and helper, same
place, |30; baker for institution, $40 to $50;
hotel cook, country, $65; night cook, country,
$35; baker's helper; country, $30; cook and
wife, $G0: restaurant third cook, $50; waiter,
country. ?30 and fare advanced; dlshwaahers
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 623
Sacramento at.
A BUTLER for good, steady place, $48- a sec-
ond butler, $35. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sut-
ter it., near P.owell. «
A PORTER for country hotel, $25 and found:
good opportunity for right man; see boss here
at 9 this morning. MISS PLUNKETT, 425
Sutter St.. near Powell..
WANTED — Young man who has had experi-
ence as a window trimmer to ro to a city
not far from San Francisco; salary $75 per
month to start with; state age and experi-
ence. Box 1270, Call.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get It done for 25c, 5Oc
and (30c whil© you wait at 563 Mission St..
bet. 1st and 2d Bts.. or 11 Third st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 Z0: we pay
express or mall chgs. 11 Third st.. Exam, bid.
WANTED — Good strong boy. Box dept. Mu-
tual Label and Lltho. Co., Secon.l and Bry-
ant »ts.; Bryant st. entrance.'
BARBER wanted Wednesday, 5 p. m.; Satur-
day noon and Sunday; $6; if suited for steady
work. 164C Polk st.
WANTED — A boy of 16 or 17 to learn pants
pressing; union shop; union wages. Apply
S. N. WOOD & CO., 27 Geary st.
WANTED — Pants finishers; union ehop: union
wages. Apply S. N. WOOD & CO., 27
Ceary et.
EXPERT stenographer; must do strictly accu-
rate dictated work; state experience, ma-
chine, salary expected. Box 1272, Call office.
WANTED — A boy for errands, learn a trade.
$3 to start. 13 Trinity Bt.. between Sutter
and Kearny. C. J. HARRIS & SON.
WANTED — A waiter at 211 Grant ave.
WANTED — Dishwasher, restaurant. Call ear-
ly, 126 Ninth st.
WANTED— A barber at 209 Larkin «t.
A GOOD shoemaker wanted. 22 Ninth st.
BOY for errands an<l general work; $5 week.
H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st.
WANTED — First-class pastry baker. 16 Turk
street.
SHORT-HOUR barber shop for sale; 2 chairs.
127 Clay st.
WANTED — A lunch waiter. 136 Second st.
WANTED — A first-class waiter and an ele-
vator boy. 29 Stockton st.
WANTED — Young men and youths for bundle
counters. Apply superintendent's efflce, The
Emporium.
CLERK for grocery and bar. Corner Sutter
and Larkin sts.
GOOD paying barber shop for sale account of
leaving city; reas. Will & Flnck, Market st.
YOUNG man to work around place. 1413
Harrison st.
RELIABLE all-round middle-aged German;
handy on bar: wine house. 15 City Hall sqr.
ERRAND boy with good recommendations.
ROGERSON'S. 535 Valencia st.
AN erranrKboy. Apply at MULLER & RAAS
CO.. 617 Mission St.
GOOD all around tailor at A. HULTEN'S. US
Montgomery ave.
TINSMITHS wanted; steady work. Apply 17
Drumm st.
FIRST-CLASS man fnr general merchandise
• store In country. 1305-7 Stockton, bet. 10-11.
WANTED— Boys wanted at NE. corner Eighth
and Brannan Bts. ; : ;:^-
BOY for picture framing: also a man 3 days
a week. JONES. 1514 Park st., Alameda.
COOK and dishwasher wanted. 108 Hayes st.
WAITER that can take full charge of restau-
rant; $CQ month. Box 1260, Call office.
BARBER shop for sale: 4 living rooms; cheap
rent; 3 years' lease. 220 Hayes st. - "
BARBERS — I will buy or rent 1 or 2 chair
outfit. Address box 1251. Call office.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 60 per pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50, or
orthopedic shoes, $3 50; best shoes on' earth. 11
Third st.. Exam, bdg.. 5 doors from Market.
A. MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON.
477 and 488 Parrott building.
PANTS pressers wanted. Apply at 27 Geary
st., a. x. wood co. — - ,
COMPETENT and reliable cutter; none other
peed apply. S. N..WOOD & CO.. 740 Market.
BARBER shop. 3 chairs: 3 living rOoms:' cen-
trally located: rent $10; account -«f death;
any reasonable offer accepted. H. BERN-
ARD. 104 Seventh st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shces at $2 50; we pay
express or mall chgs. 11 Third st.. Exam, bid.
ERRAND boy wanted. 100 Montgomery st.
BOY about 15 years for men's furnishing
store. 424 Kearny "6t.
WANTED— Several men who have tramped ex-
tensively In the United States: steady em-
ployment and good pay for those who suit;
give full particulars of experience. Box
1271, Call office.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40, Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. Q.A.R.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition in S. P.
Barber School. 741A Howard at.
WINCHESTER Hotel.- 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 35c night; reading rooms:
free 'bm and baggage to aad from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
eubscriptlona has been established at 109«
Valencia st. '
EDUCATIOVAL-— Continued. j
ENGINEERING — Civil, eiec, mln.. meeh.. sur- I
vey assay cyanide; day. eve.i-est. 1884. Van
qer'Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SYSTEM discipline and results; the Golden
Hate Commercial College. Van Ness and dol-
den Gate aves.. S. V.; fills every requirement.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teiitonla Hall, Howard
st.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
V.\ RTIXOTON'S. 42t Vine Bt Night clas».
ARITHMETIC bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
*ta: day or eve.; ?5 mo. 1024 Mlsslon.nr.6th.
Chicago Bustn»E8 Collste. 1*35 Market. nr.lOth.
Piltraan phnrthan^. typing, bookkpg- $S mo.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese - Chinese employment office; fur- I
nlshcs best help: contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Jjipanese-
Chlnrse h#tp. *20 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chlnesa Erap. Office. 413
Stockton; tel. Grant 1C8; expert, reliable halp
CHINESE Employment O.'3ce— Best help at
Leon Seung's. 41 VA O'Farrell: U 1. East 42B.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. :tir. Stockton: Main 6183.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1P97. BRADLKT 3t CO.. '640 Clay.
1 :MI»LO VMKXT WAXTED— -FKMAI.B.
A NEAT, young girl, willing and obliging, de-
sires a position to Uo second work. Apply 13
I/anfiton St.. near Seventh, off Howard.
TOUNG r»rl wishes a place in a email fam-
ily to do light housework. Addreae Box
1257. Call office.
BT woman with a child for the country; small
wages; good home. 011 Jessie st., room 10.
LADY who clars Diana and banjo wishes po-
ultion; city or country. Box 1256, Call office.
A NEAT, reliable, respectable German girl fl
months In this country requires situation to
do housework and assist with "cooking In a
good family. Address MISS TIEMANN, O>
Tehama st. • ? - '.""*
RELIABLE woman wanta work by the day;
house cl-anlng and flannel washing specialty,
$1 60 day. Box 1742, CalK
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th«
Call at Eaton's Bacaar. G33 McAllister at.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch ofSce. 220O Flllmore.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED— MALE.
UNINCI.'MBEKED. healthy, active, reliable,
, honest, refined, elderly widower desires posi-
tion as companion to invalid or others oo
land or tea; guardian, custodian or some
ether suitable employment. Address R. F.,
P. O. box 2163, San Francisco, Cal.
ALL-ROUND experienced mechanic wanta I
situation: fine machine work, «teH work,
nmall pattern model or experimental work;
experienced In keeping intricate machinery
in running order. Address box 1255, Call.
ACTIVE youiiK man of good character and
address seek* position; prefers place where
there Is chance for advancement; good ref-
erences. Box 43l'3. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS coachman and valet, private
family; thorough horseman and driver; very
best city and personal ref. Box 1250. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes position (city or
country) as day or night watchman. Box
1752. Call office.
ENGINEER (stationary) wishe* situation; city
or country; can do his own repairs; reference
Riven. Dox 4144, Call office.
WANTED — By sober, respectable young man,
steady oosltion as janitor; experienced. Box
125k, Csll office.
SPANISH engineer and experienced machinist
in machinery of mines dsslres position. Ad-
dress Hailhard Hotel, £07 Pine st.
BARTENDER (German) would like position;
city or country; references. Box 1268, Call.
AN elderly rouple would like position to take
charge of gentleman's home Tn country; best
of references given. A. G. S., box 4198. Call.
i HANDY elderly man wants work to care for
horse, cow. garden and chickens; references.
Address Handy, box 1249, Call office.
WANTED — Situation by an experienced mixol-
ogist; German, with best of references. Box
4176. Call office.
! CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
! received at Call branch of^ce. 2200 Flllmorti.
FLATS TO LET. _^
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordea Furniture Co.. 240-239 Geary
St., on the square.
$15; SUNNY upper flat 4 room?, gas. 22 Sum-
ner St., off Howard, near Eighth.
$7 — FLAT: large yard. 726>4 Harrison St., be-
tween Third and Fourth.
A—SUNNY corner; modern flat; 6 rooms. NE.
corner Fulton and Devlsa^ero «ts.
j CASTRO. 044 — Elegant, modern, sunny middle
; flat; « r.. bath; basement: yard; nr. 10th: $24.
| SUNNY fiat. 5 rooms and bath: $20. 2731
1 Golden Gate ave., near North Willard.
TO let— Flat of four rooms; 1S37 •O'Farrell.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Poet st.
UPPER and lower flat. 3043-3947 Seventeenth
St.. half block from Market et.
4 NEW rooms and bath; water free; $18. 336
Tehama st. '
2 ELEGANT new Hats, 6 and 7 rooms: rent
$30 and $35. Church and Seventeenth Bts.
FLATS FOR SALE.
A BARGAIN— $1250: CORNER LOT. 2 FLAT3:
LOT 26x114; 1S4 CLIPPER ST. SEH
OWNER O". PREMISES.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
A REFINED family not to exceed three adults
can get a sunny furnished flat in a very de-
sirable locality; rent free for owner's board.
Box 1747. Call office.
FLATS FOH SALE — FURNISHED.
73« FOURTEENTH st.— Furniture C-room flat;
must be sold: easy terms. Call 12 to 4; Cas-
tro and Fillmore cars.
5-ROOM furnished flat, cheap. 4 Antonio st.,
bet. Kills and O'Farrell. oft Jones. .
FLATS WASTED.
WANTED — By October 1. flat of 3 or 4 con-
venient sunny rooms; vicinity of Van Ness,
Golden Gate and Market st; adults. Address.
stating price. * box 4169. Call office.
J FUKXITiTKE WAKTED. y
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phons Red 446S,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
A — Cal. Auction House pays highest prices for
furn., flats, etc. 11C5 Mission; tel Mint 2481.
A. L. STORRS pays highest cash prices furnl-
ture. carpets, etc.; tel. Larkln 3631. 634 Ellis.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
WANTED— 4 cooks. $30. $35; 6 second girls,
$20. $25; 3 parlor maids. $30; 2 maids nnd
seamstresses. $25; 3 nursegirls. $20. $25 and
$.'!0; governess, $30; cook and second girl,
same house. $25, $30; housework, $30; but-
ler, $40; 4 restaurant waitresses, $8. $!) week;
housework. Petaluma, $20; chamberwork,
sleep home, $8 50 week; lroner, hospital. $15
and found; housework, Stanford University.
$25, and work of all kinds at the best ot
wages. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
334 SutteT- st.
WANTED — Housework, Sonoma, $30; cook,
small boarding-house, city, $40; restaurant
cook. $10; cook, country hotel, $35; 2 wait-
resses for country hotel, ?J5, fare paid;
chambermaid and seamstress, country-, $30;
housework. Berkeley. $25; Ross Valley. 2 In
family. $30; Vacaville. $35; 2, Martinez. $30
and $35; Belvedere. $30; 4 women to cook on
ranches, $25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 334 Sutter Bt.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12 —
Head waitress. $40, country.
A— WANTED — Girls to learn hairdressing,
manicuring, etc. ; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school in
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A— LADIES, learn all branches hairdressing
trade; manicuring, massage, etc.; 1236 Mar-
ket tit., cor. Jones, room U4; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
A. — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish in 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
BOOK folders and sewers— Bright, smart girls.
15 to 17 years of age. to learn the trade;
steady employment: wages paid while learn-
ing. F. MALLOYE. 422 Sacramento st.
GIRLS about 15 for factory work; good wages.
Apply at once, AMES & HARRIS, 100 Sacra-
mento st.
GIRLS wanted; mangle-j-oom. Apply Cascade
Laundry. 175 Tenth et. <?
BUMXESS CHANCES — Continued. '
WANTED— Party with capital to take up netr
invention, tirctected by 2 U. S. patents, for
puipore cf puttlitK on market :n U. S.; in-
vestigatc. Box 1TM. Call. i
GET ycur share*! Great 5ucce«s! See the new
caw nllng-riacMn*'. Office room. 4 Flood
Kdg. or at M. P SCHELL'S, Model Maker. ,
:.i-j Mission Ft. I
FOR, vale— The HOTEL NEVADA. a flnst-
ctaH hot»l at Menu. Nev.: fine location; »>ir- I
n.uncjed by trees, !a^i^•— lawn and iiolnt? good ]
business; selling account of jsoor health. \
FOR fal?— Gcod. oyster and chop house. 12(5
Seventh st.
FOR csIp — A good salooa in Oakland. Inquire
H GLOY. 1 Telegraph ave. S^
FOR BALK — An inside route on this paper.
Fcr particulars apply at ofSre.
A lakery: delicacy; all ?to;c- trade; S2."» a day; j
price *1800; no agents. 715 McAllister ft.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR BALKJ
11K» ROOMS; houre for men: rent $140 |400U
SS rooms; south of Market; rent $100.. 20<)0
24 rooms; corner; psrt cash: bal. easy. 830
11 rcoms; good income; rent $20 3S0 •
21 reams; water front; rent $10; lease.. C30 I
210 rooms; good lease; lo* rent 6WK)
67 ran.; ap«rtment«;W>s:ern Add.;rant I'M
Money lean. J at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouse*. flats S to !00 rooms.
E1TKI. t- CARROLL. 2I1! Kearny «t. ;
FOR sale— 22 room*. Fourth et; house Juit
lenovatfd; good carpet*; bargain If *old this
month: people going to country. Box 12&0.Call
flOOO; INVESTIGATE to-day: must cell: 21 j
rooms; rent $S0; cleaxa $85. 1063 Howard st.
EIGH' r large rooms on Grant ave. For all
particulars lsqulra at 31(5 Sutter St., saloon
BEATIXCASD i CLEANING.
AIR. compressed, dry. lc« cold, is now univer-
sally used In Minltarlly cleaning carpets, on
fi.ior without removal or Injury; pricsa znod-
f-«te. Apply 8. K. COMPRESSED AIR
• LEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Mala 6237.
WHEN yea became disgusted with your work
hcnd for EPAl'LPING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. .Wi-SC" Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
CALirOKNlA Cer-pet-beatlng Co., J. McQu«en.
proprietor. 32» Guerrero it.; te!. Mission 40.
TV.Y HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating:
ir.attr««5cs rnsd» over. 1432 llowaru .South 210
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Setter st. ;
tel. Main 3M. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop-.
P.l'WI.HH & CO.. .-arpet-beatlngr works: prices
reas«:rab!e. 17C3 Harrison St.; tel. Mission UttX
COXKLIK*fl Fupericr Carpet-beating Works,
:V»:: GoMen Gate av*>. : telephone East 12*;.
CIllIlOi'ODISTS.
WNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. BO Oeary'— A?I
ailment* of the feet cured; corns, bunlons.etc.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
UANGHART & WE TEH.
Collectcra.
No. 1170 Market st. Room 37.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. B580.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED — PROF. FRED P. EVANS, the fa-
mous psychic; stamp for circular. Ill" KdJy
St., near Octavla.
A— ETHEL CRINDLE. materializing eeancej j
Friday and Sunday eves.. 50c. 1115 Post st. j
MRS. KBERHARD'S spiritual test meeting. 8 j
p. m., 10c. 32IW} i'Jd, bet. Mission- Valencia. I
W. G. KEEGAN ho'.ds a test seance every
night except Sat.. 10c; Mt. 10 to 5. 118 Cth.
KATIE HEl'SSMAN. circle Friday' evening,
25c: sittings. 1C00 Harrison st.. cor. Sixth.
ATTEND MRP. HARLAND'S circles evenings :
to-nipht besi tcetg 10c: read. Cnlly. IIS Sixth.
MME. YOI."NG'S convincing spirit messages to-
night. 10c. 611) McAllister: readings dally.
MRP. Elizabeth Holmes, trance medium, 517
McAllister; readings daily; circle to-night.
EDWARD EAKLE. :u£2 Ellis, readings daily,
»:.t<> to 4: foar.cea Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ATTENTION^ $1 Jl §1 $1 51
My regular $3 readings this week for
fl *1 $1 «i fl ?1 *1 »l
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee'
to make no charge if I fall to tell you your
name, occupation and what you called for; I
promise to tell you whether husband, wife
or sweetheart is trae or false; I tell you
whom a.nd when you will marry; in fact. I
wiif tell you every hope, fear or ambition
better than ycu can tell yourself; I improve
ycur character so that you ¦wj'.ll reach the
highest possible development In mental vig-
or, health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth, so you will live happy and contented
the rest cf your life. Hr's — 10 a. m. to 8 p.
Tt\. ; Sunday. 2 to 8. 326 — O'FarreUsT— 329.
MML M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
Mdg. ; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the !
present happenings and portrays events to I
occur in the future: if you are in trouble, dis. I
contented or cot satisfied in life, or have do- j
nestle. love or business troubles, consult this I
great medium and you will be told how to !
overcome them; valuable advice in all affairs
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
ings by mail. Tel. Black 4569.
1SMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
raimist. permanently located at 1104 Market
et., cor. Turk; private readings daily, 10 a.
tn, to 5 p. m. ; readings by mail as sattsfac-
tcry as in person; 3 quest'ens answered, 51:
full life, $5; send leck of hair, date and year
cf birth; don't send currency. Send pestofflce.
Wells-Fargo money order or registered lettsr.
A — MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and see-
! end sight; tells the past, present and future:
¦ ladies. JiOc: gents, $1 ; by cards, palmistry
| and clairvoyant sitting: SI 50. 126 Turk 6t.
Mrs. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading. 10c. for
a short time only; when others fail try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
MISS Z'.CMDAR, young gifled cl.ilr. nnd palm.;
has second sight: a wonderful prophetess;
nr.nies; L. .V>c; G. $1. 714 Franklin. nr.G.G. ave.
A — Mmc. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
r.ames given; 20c up. 5 4th St.. near Market.
| MIPS WARD, high psychic medium and palm-
I 1st; hours 8 a. m. to 9 p, m. 413 Mason st.
HME, WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c.
R»niR 5fic. 931 Mission St., nr. «th; open Sun.
MRP. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c; p«nts SOc: readings dally. 132 Sixth et.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
28Vi Kearny. room 20; ladies 25c, gents 30c.
MRS. CHAFER. clalr\'ovant. card reader: elt-
tings dally. 448M Jresle St.. bet. 6th and 6th.
DEXTISTS^
DrTlUDLCM HILL. 1443 Market"^. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from tS per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone^ — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plater, $5; full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth St.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
t-'t teeth, $1 00 up; crowns. $2 up; filling?. -3c.
GOLD fillings, 75c: silver, 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
10 PER CENT off this month: estimates free.
New York Dentists. i>6« Mlswlon St.. cor, fith.
I)HI>H!VIvt;ilS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
DYEING AND CLEAMAG.
SEA breezes tweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc.. done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. 3915 Sacramento; phone
tor wagen. We?t 453. H* HICKMAN. pres.
A— CALDWELL College of Oratory. Acting.
Opera and Authorship; largest in the West;
14 teachers; petitions guaranteed; fall term
begins Sept. 7; day and evening class; beauti-
ful new catalogue free. 1295 Market, cor. Oth.
HEALD-S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches;
day and night ses«ions. lllua. catalogue free.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236 Mar-
ket; modern, progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 years. Gregg shorthand, fastest,
easiest, most readable. Actual business
! bookkeeping: typewriter at home free.
AYHES. the leading business college. 723 Mar
ket st.; special summer course in all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
Ehip. $50: day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business Cr#ege. 3C5 Larkln st.
"A thorough echool"; positions secured for
graduates: modern methods; Individual In-
struction. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
HINIIAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
daucing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk at.,
between Pine and California; both adult and
children'*: classes are now open for the season.
HEALD'S School of Mines &. Electriclty.21 Post
ct,. S. F. ; a practical echool of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
SA.\ FR.\\CI«CO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE cf the San Francisco
Cal:. comer Market and Third streets; open
CRt:I 12 o'clock every night in the year.
EKANCH OFFICES— 51"7 Moatjomery street, j
corner Clay; ypea until 9:C0 p. m.
3<0 Hayes street; op»n until H:?.O p. m. ''
€."?» ftteAWtter street; open until 9:C0 p. m. j
f:5 Lark:r. street; open unt!l »:TO p. ta. •
I2<1 Mis^'.on street; open until 30 p. m.
T2V1 Market etreet. corcer Sixteenth; open
until » n. m. I ;
106 Eleventh street: cptn until 9 p. m. '¦
!09« Valencia street; open ur.til 9 p. m.
Nortb»a*t corner Church and Duncan streets; i
«>pea umlJ a p. m.
Northtv<»si correr of Tweniy-eecond and Ken-
tucky ftretts; open until 9 p. m.
22tt> Fillinor* Mree?; ci>ea until 9 p. ra.
3u;.'-;'i'iN«; >oticks.
CALIFORNIA Charter No. 5. R. A. M.. »
v.;;i uie^t THIS 1TUESDAY1 IIVKX-VV
IXG. Sei>trinber 15. at 7:SO o'clock. /VN
Elated ir.oetlng and R. A. degree. Uy
orUer o? the H. Y. •
XliANKIJN II. DAY. Secretary.
JOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and A. «
XI Called meeting THIS i'Jl'ESl>AY> VV j
KVEN1NO at 7 o'clock. Third degree. />r\
By order of W. M.
EDTTlN L. MEYER. Secretary^ ,
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A.M. ffi (
second ->gree THIS .TITES-DA Y> VV [
K\ EMXO at 7:30 o'clock. /V\ •
A. S. HL'IiEARU, Secretary. ,
MISSION Lcige No. ICO. F. and A. M. «9 i
— Officers and members are hereby jtjT !
certified to attend the funeral of our /? \ j
deceased brother. JAMES FANNING
HALLOCK, frcm the hall of this lodge, TO-
MORROW /TUESDAY) afternoon, at 1 :S0
o'clock. By order of the \V. M.
R. E. ALLEN. Secret* ry.
IVANHOE Lodge No. 5. K. of P.. will -JS|£
ccnTer the kai£ht rank (long form), X^xrf^
WEDNESDAY. September 16, at /HK&
PjrthUa Cattle, 9yyVs Market street. jt£^*\±
nx. fc:ao p. m. Members of sister lod^to 4v.«i- I
dully invited. FRED W1CK.ERT, C C.
O. XORCROSS. K. of R. and Ss.
NOTICE of meeting of stockholder? — Office of
Spricj? Vallf y Water Company, room B, sixth
Cocr, 12S Stockton street, rian Francisco, Cali-
fornia, 14th. 1KC3— To the Block* I
holders of the Sprir.g Wiley Water Company:
Notice is hereby fiven that, pursuant lo a
rrso'ution cf the Bjard of Director* of the
£j-rinsr Valiey Water Company, a, corpora-
tion, unanimously adopted on the 14ih day
cf September. 1U03, at *. meeting of said '
b-aid duly called and held at the office «>i' j
faid corripany. In the City and County of
h«n Francisco, State of California, a meet- 1
insr of the stockholder* of eaid corporation |
will be held et the office and principal jila.ee
of :_-;,• -i- of said corporation, to ¦wit: in
room five, vixth floor, in the buildinK on
t^e southeast corner of Geary and Stockton
Ftrcctl, in the City and County ot Kran- ;
i isco, jjtete of California, known as number i
L26 Stockton 6tm-t. *ald building being the I
I -.aiding where the* Board ot l>irector» of !
t^id corporation usually meets, and said room j
tilt room in eaid buiidlnf? where the j
direct ore and stockholders cf said tor]ior»- !
Uon usually meet, on MONDAY, the i3d da> j
if Nuvember, 1003, at " o'clock p. in., tor |
::> u!>ject and purpose of then and there con-
t-i>>rins and votlns upon a, proposal to ere- j
ate a bonied indebtedness of said Sprltig :
Valley V.tter Company ir. the euci of twen- j
ry-«>i£hi million <*::!>. O00.O0O) dollars, tayeblc '
July 1st. 1023. Tvlih Interest thereon at the j
:-<•.' r! 4 l>er cent per w^iuxn. payable heml-
ar.r.uslly, and principal wid interest pa\al>!e >
in £¦ !d coin cf the United Stales of Ameri- |
«a at tne cresent standard cf weight and ¦
fir "ti **: and to secure th« bonded Indebted- j
Beaa, bo proposed to l>e created, by a in on- I
Z*w upon or deed of trust of all the prep- j
• ¦•ty ot said corporation now owntd or which
ir may hereafter acquire and during the life ,
• •r terra of eald mortgage cr deed of tru*t.
Hy order of the Board of Directors. J. M. j
1'1'KE, secretary of the Pjiring Valley Wa-
ter «'ompany.
THE California Debris Commission havine re-
«-elvtd applications to- mine by hydraulic ,
proctts fjctn C A. Poase, in J*help» lllil •
mine, near Washington. NevaJa Ccunty. [
CaLl draining into Jefferson Crt-tk, which I
r<aihes South Yuba River; lrom Plumss !
Mines Company. in Pluraag n:Snes. near !
Quincy. Plumae County. Cal., draining into I
Creek, which reaches North Fork cf j
IVaiher River; from Excelsior Hydraulic >
Uintns Company, in Excelsior mine, near
Lowell Hill. Nevada County, Cal.. draining
Isto Xorth Fork tteen llcllow Creek, which
rea* bes Feather River, give? notice that
meeting will be held at roetn 96. Fiood boU4<
irg. Han Franciaco. Cal.. September 2*. 1'JUa.
bt 1 :'M v. ra.
NOTiCiE TO THE STOCKHOLDERS CF
TRK SECURITY" SAVINGS BANK—
Notice Is hereby given. In pursuance
<•'. a leco'.ution cf the Board o*
Directors cf the Security Savings Ea.sk, a
• orporatlon organized and existing under th»
!aw« cf the Plate of California, passed and
adopted en Tuesday, the 14th day of Jv&r.
IMS, at a regular meeting of eald Board, duly
hf Id £t Number 222 Montgomery street. In the
<¦•:;.• ar.d County of San Francisco, la the
Plate cf Cal:fc;tia, the same being the prln-
c:j<al clace of business of 6a.ld corporation,
the Security Savings Bank, and at the build-
:r.g ivVre the Beard of Directors of *ald
rcrporalioa utueily meet, tiia.t a meeting of
the Ktockho!d>;r« cf eald corporation, the
gecoritj) Savings Bank, is hereby called for,
B-.i will be held at Number 222 Montgomery
*treet. in eaid City and County cf San Fraa-
c:«co. the same being the principal place cf
l-iisiT-.ess of said corporation, and being at
the t'Uiloir.g where the Board or Directors ot
»a'.d corporation usually meet, oa Wednesday,
the 2Srd day of September, 1903, et the hour
cf three o'clock In the afternoon cf esld day, !
fcr tht purpose of considering, deciding and
acting ur«n the proposition to increase th«
capital etock of aaid corporation, the Security
tavir.gs Bank, and to increase it to the
tat Mat cf One Million Dollars. The amount
to which it is proposed to increase the said
earital ftotk is One Million Dollars. By
Terr or the Bctrd of Directors. Dated. July
14th. :W«. FRED W. RAY.
j-er-vtiiry cf the Security Savings Bank.
AGIiNTS WASTED.
AGENTS— A new monry-miker. F. PERSON,
477 arid 47S Panott bulldlrg.
AXTORAEVS-AT-LAW. j
ADVICE FREE. ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS.
i.\vorcer. a specialty. Private. Quick.
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
1 G. W. HOWE, ATTORNEY AT LAW.
13^2 Market Bt., offices 1, 2, 3. 4 and 5.
BKWARE OF FRAUDS.
Any one can advertise, but unless the adver-
t'.»emfrt ray? "Attorney at Law" t.be i>arty
tGvert'.t-ing is not a lawyer; don't be fooled.
ADVICE FREE I
COLUMBIAN LAW AGENCY I
P.m. t.'f. 916 Market: tel. Red 61(5; bad ten- '
arts e;ecie<l speedily and reasonably; collec-
t;^r.« atjenicd to; attachments; corporations
crrsr.ired: civil and criminal practice.
BOBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
mi. 6X1; all cases, damages, ostatts, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.: concultatien
* fr**: r.o advance charges: call or write;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Rfd 5601.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost in meritorl-
• us cast-?, divorces, probate and all other law
care*} :-.r> fees In advance: open every even-
Ir.r- /. M. THURSTON. 819 Market Bt.. r. 3L
DIVORCn — Costs tl2; guick. qui«?t; open even-
jrgs. SJ7 Markt-t St., room 301.
I.. S. CLAKK. Emma gpreckels blig.. 927 Mar-
Y't t-' : consultation free; no fees in advance.
AMKKN & AITKEN. attorr.eys. r* 309-10-11,
r:cr.ir bMy.. COS California st.; tel. Main 727.
AT/VICE free; no charge unless successful; all
law DMtow. W. W. Davidson. 027 Market.
AfWICK Jite; aM cases; open evenings. M.
I. RYAN. S50 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
BIKIJS. DOGS. ETC.
*UCNli Talking pa.rrcts.S5 each ;Germaa singing
ranarie*. *2; we will try to please you; ewr;.
»lii!:c in cur line at right prict-s. 1546 Market.
BUKUKISS3 CHAXCKS.
R. G. WJLK1E. S6»4 Kearny et. ""
¦.¦•;..-¦<•'! 12 years. Real estate and busl-
¦ n* s* agency. If you want to Ml] or buy go
to m~'t Kcsrny. Kefereiu-es: Examiner. Call
ard Chronicle.
A H<<*' RESTAURANT and toffee saloon, opp.
f> rriH-ts tddS.; It-ate; place clonrin? at least
*.:<«» i»t month, fiee R. G. WILKIE, 2«Va
FOIl f'alr — $10<>0; bicycle and gent ral repair
•S."t>. fully equipped to handle any kind of
iight machine work; electric motor and
¦-Hfchly. compressed air rumps, latli^. toola,
ill-.; .'«<) bicycler: rMatili^hed 7 >ear*; reason
<V r 's<-llhiE, owner comjielled lo leave c:ty;
v. Ill Flay with buyer until familiar v.itn busi-
ness ; no ugf-ntf. liox 12K>, Call.
5C-TEAB established butcher business for ?ale;
;j::v dcsiroutt "f celling owing to other busl-
r.eEs'cn hand. Apply 132 Third St. •
;-».': BRANCH bakery and confectionery: 4 liv-
ing rooms: rent J15; Fnap; bargain. WEST-
ERN REALTY CO.. 1007'i Market Bt.. r. 1.
:v>n f-alc — Dyeing and cleaning works; will
l*-ach t«r«y. H21 Point Lobos ave.
$t7if i — G HOCL'V: Y and bar. Apply at 368 Elev-
¦ rrth mt. .
BAKERY— Fine location 'in Itlo Vista: good
Laker will do well. Address DAN Mc-
*;rai:gh. Rio Vista, Cal. '
TCH tale or rent — Ftillr equipped, modern,
reylng hospital In Southern California, city.
Adtress F. O. bcx i57, £aa Bernardino.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE— Con.
A COOK for hotel near city, $40; 2 waitresses
for same commercial hotel, $20 eaoh, fare
paiQ, see party here; a German, seamstrees
and maid, $25; a seamstress to travel, pri-
vate family, references neceeeary; a nurse for
4 children, $30; a German cook. 3 In family.
$33; twenty other cooks, $30 to $40: 40 house-
work glrl« for city and country, $20 to $30.
MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St.. nr. Powell.
WOMEN aad girls wanted to work on jrult
aad canning; staady work; highest wage*.
Apply California Canneries Co., Brannan
•t., bttween Third and Fourth. .
¦WOMEN and glrU to work oo fruit: steady
employment; day and piece work; highest
wages. CODE-PORTWOOD OANNlNtt CO.,
Bryant and Tenth.
EEWINQ MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEV I STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 82U FREMONT ST. AND 1673
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WANTED — Pants finisher*: union shop: union
wages. Apply S. N. WOOD & CO., 27
Geary et.
EXPERT stenographer; must do strictly accu-
rate dictated work; state experience, ma-
chine, salary expected. Box 1272, Call office.
WANTED — A young girl for light cooking and
a little housework: small family; wages $25.
Call between 9 and 2 at 1703 Broderlclt st.
GIRL for cooking and downstairs work; 2 In
family; good wages. Apply 110 Walnut St.,
between Washington and Jackson, 10 to 3.
A CHOCOLATE dipper: retail factory: no piece
work; steady position: best wages. MRS.
M. E. DAY, 351 O'Farrell St.
WANTED— Experienced art goods «aleswoman,
one who understands stamping. Apply be-
twten 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
GIRLS wanted box dept. Mutual Label and
Lltho Co., Second and Bryant sts., Bryant-
Btieet entrance.
GIRLS wanted; no experience necessary; good
wages. National Laundry, 411 Sanchez Bt.
COMPETENT girl downstairs work and cook-
lr.g. $25. 214 Spruce st^
GIRL for cooking and light housework; wages
$25. 1214 Eddy st.
WANTED — Young girl to assist with house-
work. Apply 2t>29 Bush et.
WANTED — Girls to pack cards. Northeast cor-
ner Eighth and Rrannan sts.
EXPERIENCED finisher on ladles' jackets.
H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome St.
WANTED— A girl for light housework; good
wages. Apply 2132 Howard st.
A LADY of Indomitable energy to make money
and a convincing talker. F. PERSON, 477
and 478 Parrott building.
WANTED— An errand girl. 1111 Van Ness
ave.
GIRL or middle-aged woman to assist with
housework. 1T10& Sacramento it.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
WANTED — Advanced apprentice on coats.
20S Sutter st.
GIRL to assist with child; sleep home. Apply
between 10 and 2, 1661 Octavla st.
COMPETENT girl for general houaework and
cooking; no washing, $25. 1 Scott st.
• _ ___^_ .
LUNCH waitress for 515 Valencia st.
TWO good waitresses wanted. 20 Third ct.
GIRL for general housework and \plain cook-
ing. 1440 OFarrell St..
GIRL for general housework and to assist In
bakery at 1704 Halght st.
EXPERIENCED finisher on ladles' tailoring.
H. ASHER. 524 Post St.
DRESSMAKER wants first-class help: also
Improvers and apprentices. BRYANT,
2576A MlE?lon st.
EXPERIENCED operators on muslin under-
wear; steady work: good pay. G. W. REY-
NOLDS & CO.. 537 Mission st.
YOUNG girls to strlD leaf tobacco. THE
JOHN BOLLMAN CO.. cor. Front and Pa-
cific.
YOUNG girls to work on light running ma-
chines. THE JOHN BOLLMAN CO., corner
Front and Pacific.
WANTED — First-class saleslady on cloaks and
eults with gcod references. BARON, 760
Market st. '.
AN elderly German woman to do a few hours'
work in a rooming-house. 22 Sacramento st.
WANTED — A middle-aged lady to take care of
an old lady. Box 1244, Call office.
APPRENTICES for glove trade; wages from
etart. Carson Glove Co., 123 Second st.
A REFINED, educated woman to travel. Box
1230, Call office. i
WANTED — Young lady to work In candy
store; no experience necessary. 148 Fourth.
LADY agents on salary. Call 9 to 5, office 59,
Columbian building. 016 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
" Eubs:rlptlons has been established at 1006
Valencia st. ;
HELP WASTED MALE. -^
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
50 Gd St.. near Call bids.; phone Bush 405.
NEVADA— FREE FARE— NEVADA.
200 laborers. Southern Pacific's own work,
new Job. ?2 a day. $18 board.
W e ship every day — Free fare.
40 section hands; all parts of California.
Eureka, Humboldt Co., fare advanced.
10 lumber pliers,' $35 and board.
10 laborers. $35 and board.
WOODSMEN.
2 spool tenders, $65 and found;- 4 barkers,
$50 and found; 4 cross-cutters, $50 and
found; 2 timber feller?,- $00 and found: 2
water bucks, $40 and found; 2 lookouts, $40
and found.
17 men to handle lumber, $2 a day; free fare.
DIAMOND MATCH CO., CHICO. ' ',
S teamsters, $2 50 a, day; 20 laborers, $2 25
n day.
Office fee. $1; half fare, $2 80.
7 laborers, city $2 25 a day, 9 hours.
5 laborers, near city. It hours. $2 50 a day.
CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
50 Third st.
AN f DRE'S Office 317 Stockton st. — Man to take
care of horses and stable, milk cows, pri-
vate place country. . $30 . and found; green-
house gardener. $2 a^day, country; chef for
small restaurant $1» a week; 3 waiters,
$10 50 a week, one day off; butler, $45. etc.
ANDRE'S Office 317 Stockton St.— Man and
. wife to cook and wait, small boarding-house.
¦ $C0; butler. $45; laborers, private park. $1 a
.day; 10 men 'for vintage. $1 15 a day and
found, etc. . -
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 20 Montgomery, r. 12.
Wine man for club, $50; vegetable man, $30.
GOOD barber wanted at 4073 Eighteenth st,,
, near Castro. ¦¦ '_
FIRST-CLASS barber; none other. - 1090 Va-
lencia st. -";'-'-•-¦ 2."
BARBER shop; 2 chairs; -must bs sold; bar-
galn. CCO Folsom st. •¦¦•*¦¦ ¦
A No. 1 CAKE baker on home-made goods;
call Tuesday morning. 749 Market st.
WANTED — An elderly man to take 'care of 2
horses. 119, Tenth st. \
WANTED— At once young man bookkeeper.
_ APPly at .330 Thirteenth st. •
COOK and also a dishwasher wanted; res-
taurant.- 031 Bay st- ' •
w0ty~~i • If Liu \ U)\
And Sundays, too, you'll always find/
Some book that's good, or tales refined.
And whose good work la never floue.WASHINGTON, Sept. 14.— The finding
of the ¦ court - of inquiry relative to the
grounding of the battleship Massachu
setts on Egg Rock : Shoal, Frenchman's
Bay, on ; August 12 ' last,' has * been re
ceived: at: the Navy Department. The
board exonerates the officers and crew
of the 'Massachusetts and recommends
that no further proceedings be had in the
Exonerates Officers of Battleship.
.WASHINGTON. Sept. 14. — Secretary
Shaw to-day designated about fifty na
tional banks in various parts of the coun
try as depositories of public funds and or
dered about $4,000,000 deposited with them.
Very little of this money went to banks
In the large cities, the money going chief
ly into the agricultural sections and the
South west. The banks selected cover the
country from Maine to the Pacific Coast,
Maine and Florida each receiving a rela
tively good share. Most of the distribu
tion was In the cotton and grain growing
districts. '
SECRETARY SHAW ORDERS
f FIRST DEPOSIT OF FUNDS
AUBURN, N. Y., Sept. 14.-Clarence
Egner of Buffalo was to-day put to death
in the electric chair for the murder of
Archibald Benedict, a keeper In Auburn
prison.
Egner was a convict and had more than
once been punished by Benedict for dis
obedience. On January i>, 1901, Benedict
reprimanded Egner for talking to another
convict. Egner armed himself with an
iron bar and lay in wait for the keeper.
When Benedict passed him Egner in
stantly sprang from behind and dealt
Benedict a .crushing blow on the head,
fracturing, the skull. The victim sank to
his~knees, when Egner espied, the butt of
his revolver protruding from his hip pock
et. He then seized the weapon and shot
Benedict in the back of the head. Death
was \ instantaneous. Egner then ' surren
dered to the prison authorities. He was
26 . years >, old and served under another
name in the war with Spain. ~
Clarence Egner Pays Death. Penalty
in Auburn Prison for Mur
dering a Guard.
CONVICT PUT TO DEATH •
IN THE ELECTRIC CHAIB
Navy orders: Lieutenant W. J. Manlon
is detached from the Columbia at the
New York yard and goes to the Boston;
Lieutenant O. G. Murttn is detached from
the Puritan 'at the League Island yard
and goes to the Boston.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 14.— Postmaster
commissioned — Washington — Roxwell,
Clark County (previous order discontinu
ing this office rescinded). Postmasters
commissioned— Oregon— William H. Trask,
Lyons; Washington— Emery Troxell, Con
nell.
Victor A. de Prosse, an architect, 208
Kearny street, San Francisco, has been
appointed superintendent of construction
of the new public building at that city at
an annual salary 6f 12000.
Victor A- de Prosse Is Appointed to
Superintend Construction of New
¦ y Public Building Here.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Practical illustrations of what irriga
tion is doing for the West will not be
lacking. From all quarters are coming
large exhibits of grain and fruits grown
in soil that a few years ago was consid
ered utterly useless to compete for the
rich prizes and valuable cups offered, and
this horticultural exhibit bids fair to be
one of the most unique as well as most
elaborate ever shown. Even from across
the Great American Desert, drawn in six
"prairie schooners," is coming an exhibit
of fruit and grain grown In the midst of
alkali wastes. Practical illustrations of
methods of irrigation will be given, and
a good part of one day will be devoted by
the delegates to this feature.
Another important subject that will
come up is 'the question of affiliation with
the Trans-Mississippi Congress, and it is
expected that before the congress ad
journs some definite action will be taken.
OGDEN, Utah, Sept. 14.— "When Senator
"VV. A. Clark of Montana, as president of
the National Irrigation Congress, calls to
order; the first. session of the annual meet
ing of that body in the Tabernacle to
morrow there will be probably gathered
the largest number of representatives to
an Irrigation congress that have met since
the inception of the .movement in 1S9L
Every train to-day brought in delegates
by the hundred, representatives from the
far eastern tier of the so-called semi-arid
States being among the early arrivals.
It Is expected that nearly 1500 repre
sentatives of boards of trade, commercial
clubs, chambers of commerce and busi
ness organizations of all kinds and of
State and municipal governments of the
great "West will be present and take part
In the four-day discussion of irrigation.
The speakers on the various subjects
will include besides Secretary of Agricul
ture Wilson, United States Senators Clark
and Gibson of Montana, Dubols of Idaho,
Warren of Wyoming and Burton of Kan
sas. Senators Kearna and 3moot of Utah
are expected to speak informally. Every
phase of the subject of ~ irrigation will be
discutFci 1 . and the closely allied subject
of colonization of the great plains and
ranges of the West will receive much at
tention.
Hundreds of Delegates
to Congress Arrive
at Ogden.
Hannah Wilson (single) to William W. Theo
bald, lot on E line of Boise street. 323 S of
Blackstone. >S 60 by E 100, lots 30 and 31.
block A. map subdivision blocks A and B In
lot 3. Dohr Tract. Berkeley; $10. .
Dell C. and F. J Woodward (husband) (and
as attorney) to William G. Hen^haw. lot on E
line of San Pablo aventp 324.03 N of its in
tersection with W line of Broadway. N 75 E
07:5U. S 75. W SI. 25, to beginning Oak
land; ?10.
Harlow P. Bancroft to Calvin A. Shaw (sln
sle) lot SK)'/4, E S.3 of lot 90. amended map
suM: visions of Mosswood Tract. Oakland; $10.
Isaac A. Rose to S. Dueas Company (a cor
poration), lot on S line of Park avenue, 2tiOS
W of San Pablo avenue, forming SW corner
of .Park avenue and Hubbard street S 125 by
W 53:6. being a subdivision of plat 6. Kel
lersberger'a map Rancho V. 'and D Peralta
Oakland Township; $500.
B. E. and Florence J. Underwood to Thomas
N. Bailgar. lot on S line of University avenue,
037 W of Sacramento. W 52 by S 302, portion
lot 10, block 1. Shaw Tract. Berkeley; $10
Victor F. Hoelscher to Mary A. Bauer " lot
on S line of Blake street. 3S0 E of McGee 'ave
nue. S 132:6. E 8, N 132:6, W 18. portion lot
10 block 4. Case Tract. Berkeley; $10.
D. C. and Sarah C. Borland : (wife) to Ray
E. Gllson, lot on S line of Walton (now Thir
ty-fifth) street. 1C8 E of Grove (being NW cor
ner block A), thence S 120:3 by E 50. lot 6,
block A. map Central Land Company etc..
Oakland; $10.
-. Katherlne -V. KHnkner (executrix estate
Charles A. Kllnkner, deceased) to J. J.
O'Rourke. lot on SE corner of Butler avenue
or Sixtieth street and San Pablo avenue E
100 by S 50.17. portion lot 1, block 6 amended
map Butler Tract. Oakland; $1100.
J. J. and Esther C. O'Rourke (wife) to
Patrick Swift, same, Oakland; $10.
Manuel A. and Maria J. Vasconcellos to
Hans F. Nielsen, lot on N line of Dennlson
street, 40 E of Kennedy. E 30 by N 110,' block
A, Shell Mound Tract, East Oakland; $10.
J. W. and. Louisa F. Valentine to Reginald
H. and Grace L. Allen. lot on SE line of
Tenth avenue, 50 SW of East Twenty-flrst
street. SW 50 by SE 150, block 126-B. Sadler's
subdivision of map of double block 120, East
Oakland; $10.
Myer E. and Adele S. Jaffa to Charles E.
Miller, lot on N line of Haste street, 125 E
of Bowditch. E «5. N 135, W 45. S 75, W 20, a
60, portion of UKs 7 and S. map of Shafter
property, portion of block 8, Cottage Homestead
Association. Berkeley; $10.
Llllie E. Whyte (wife of Nell C.) to Malcom
Why te- (son), lot on E line of Ellis street, 75:3
S of Falrview avenue. S 150:6 by E 120. lots
122 and 123, block 1, lands of Regent-street
Homestead Association, Berkeley; $5.
Josephine E. Brugulere (by William H. Harn
den, attorney) to Harry M. Thornally, 46S7-.6
square feet beginning on W line of Liese ave
nue. 1G2:6 S from SW corner of said avenue
and counly road from Oakland to San Leandro,
thence W 125 by S 37:6, portions cf lots 12 and
13. block 6. gather Tract, Brooklyn Township;
$10.
Calvin A. Shaw to John B. VIodek. lot en
E line of Irving avenue. 1C5 SE of its inter
section with S line of East Twentieth street.
SE 104.72 by SW 35. portion lots 27 and 2S,
map resubdl vision Corley Tract, East Oakland;
$10.
W. P. and Julia A. Beauchamp to James
Hendricks, lot on NE line of East Fif teenta
street, 60 N W of Twenty-second avenue, NW
25 by NE 140, lot 10. block 24, San Antonio.
Eaai Oakland, subject to balance due on deed
of trust. April 2«. 1900, for $1000; $10.
M. Handley (by James B. Barber, Tax Col
lector) to \V. Frederick Brock, E % of lot 0
and W % of lot 7. block B. 2031 Brockhurst
Tract, Oakland, tax deed (recorded September
12. 1903); *55.
Mary E. and W. F. Brock and as attorney to
Mary Ponlcenulant (Handley), E .^ of lot 6
and W % of lot 7. block B-2031, map of
Whltche'r and Brockhurst Tracts. Oakland (re
corded September, 12,. 1903); $10. "
Harriet L. Plnkham (widow) to Ella M.
Plnkham, all Interest, being an undivided . 'j
interest in lot on SE line of Twelfth avenue,
70 S\V of East Eighteenth street, SW 30 by SE
90, block 02. Clinton, East Oakland; {5.
E. C. Sessions to Edward C. Sessions Jr.,
lots 6 to 3 and N 20 feet of lot 5, map portion
of Highland Park, East Oakland; quitclaim
deed; $10.
Alameda County.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Secretary Hoot Returns to London.
LONDON. Sept. 14.— Secretary of War
Root and Senator Lodge returned to Lon
don to-day. The Alaskan Boundary Com
mission will meet at the Foreign- Office
to-morrow. Attorney General Flnlay wtli
make the opening address in behalf of
Canada.
CHEHALIS, Wash., Sept 14.-The find
ing of the decomposed body of James H.
Wilkinson, a well-known rancher, on his
farm near Chehalis has created a sensa
tion at this place. Apparently the ranch
er was murdered in his lonely house
about a month ago.
Two neighbors were passing Wllkinson'a
house and stopped to look In. As they
neared the -house a sickening smell greet
ed them. On investigation they could see
Wilkinson's body lying on the floor near
the door. By his side wa3 his rifle, which
contained an empty shell. The body
showed no gunshot wounds, but the mur
derer evidently figured that the discover
ers of the body would conclude that Wil
kinson had committed suicide.
An examination of the skull showed
how the man had met his death. The
scalp was removed and squarely In tfie
top of the skull was found a hole where
it had been crushed by a heavy blow. On
Clie left arm was found evidences of
where a blow had been struck also, ap
parently while Wilkinson was warding off
his assailant.
A search of the premises revealed a
three-pound sledge hammer in the wood
shed adjoining the house. On this was
found some of the dead man's hair.
The motive for the crime was evidently
personal, as a large sum of money wad
found In the bureau.
Special Dispatch to The CaTi.
IRRIGATIONS
ARE ENTHUSIASTIC
Later there were lively passages at arms
between Herr Bebel and Herr Voltmar.
Finally the debate was adjourned until
to-morrow.
"It is an untruth," shouted Herr Bebel
in a frenzied rage to Heinrich Braun,
who was engaged in proving that even
the classic leaders of Social Democracy
were guilty of this.
Herr Singer, the president of the con
gress, stopped Herr Bebel and asked tEe
members to preserve their dignity and
refrain from behaving like schoolboys.
Herr Bebel, who was much excited, de
manded to know tftiom the president
meant.
ments of the trusts." The crisis In the
existing capitalistic system, he asserted,
would be precipitated first in the great
trans-Atlantic republic and would spread
thence to Europe, "leading to the unlver
cial dominion of Social Democracy."
discussion took place at the
afternoon session of the congress, due to
a resolution of the executive council, pro
hibiting the literary members of the So
cialist party from contributing article:* to
non-Socialistic papers.
The resolution was mainly directed
against the so-called academicians, who
claim the place of honor in the party by
virtue of their learning, while gaining
their livelihood by writing for newspapers
antagonistic to the Socialistic movement.
Angry recriminations were lndulgvd In
and at one time violent scenes appeared
to be imminent.
DRESDEN, Sept. 14.— Representatives
of three million Social Democratic voters,
more than a quarter of the entire German
electorate, began their annual congress
to-day. Herr Bebel and Herr von "Woll
mar, the Bavarian Socialist leader, are
expected to join Issue to-morrow regard
ing the adoption of ooportunist tactics
during the. coming sessions of the Reich
stag:. Meanwhile the delegates discussed
the financial business of the party and
listened to addreses from the foreign dele
gates.
» Gaylor Wilshlre, in the name of the So
cialists of the United States, congratu
lated the Republican Social Democrats of
Germany on their "mat-velous organiza
tion . and still more marvelous electoral
triumphs." Wilshlre said the antagonism
of capital and labor was assuming in the
United States forms more acute than in
Europe, "owing- mainly to the develop-
Neighbors Find the Lifeless
, Victim of a Personal
Quarrel.
Congratulates Them on Their
' Triumphs and Predicts
Future Success.
Mysterious Crime Com
mitted Near "Wash
ington Town.
American Socialist Ad
dresses His German
Brethren.
ASSERTS CRISIS
IS NEAR AT HAND
MURDERER USES
SLEDGE HAMMER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1903.
13
PHYSICIANS AKD gPRGEOJfS.
DR. C. C O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021 H Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1073% Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor: 1
treats all diseases of the human body; for
part four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at OCT Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY, successor to Dr. LI Po
Tai. herb doctor; cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG 'WOO. the famous herb doctor — All di«-
<¦».«<¦» cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
STORAGK A\D WAREHOUSES.
X^^6mu"M~lstora^&~^n~^
household goods stored, moved, chipped. 723-
731 Howard st.. near Third: phone Grant 16L
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Poet and Powell sts. ; tel. Prlv. Ex. 57L
CO XIvLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made: 840
Mission gt. : tel. Howard Ml. F. W. Zehfusa.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Ftllmore st. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Vu. and 8torage Co., 11 Montgomery
fft.: tel. Main 1S40. -Shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AJfD SUPPLIES.
G REA^iXRG^iS^sTN^^P^WRIT^RS^We
6«il better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 2C8.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each: get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery St.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Wphster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 209 Samome.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk St.— Strictly modern; 4-9
room apartments; fur, or unfur. for hskpg.
BUCHANAN, 1S11 — 3 sunny furnished rooms;
bath; gas and coal ranges; porch.
BUSH. 2133 — 2 sur.ny rooms and small kitch-
en; running water, gas range.
CHESTERFIELD. Bush. bet. Stockton, Powell
— Mod. apartments; nearly corn.; call 1 to 4.
FIFTH. 43S — Single rooms, $1 per week; house-
keeping, (1 50 up.
HERBERT (The^ — Sunny apartments for
housekeeping; g&» ranges; Just newly fur-
cighed. 1530 Polk st. ,
HOWARD. 1OC3 — 2 gunny connecting complete-
ly fur. bay-wind, rms.; elec lights; others.
OAK. 117 — Nicely furnished suite; gas range,
hot bath, laundry; $9; adults.
j ET. JAMES. McAllister and Lacuna — Furnish-
ed Funny suite with separate sunny kitchen;
ras range; all complete -for housekeeping:
115 up.
! SOUTH PARK. K4— Large, sunny front room
cr.d kitchen; al?o gas.
j STOCKTON. 1200 — Model: housekeeping;; front;
new furnished; $5-$12: phone, pap. bath, sunny.
j THE Oillesple. 119 Ninth St.— Nicely furnished
rooms, f 1 50 to $3 per week; phone; quiet.
I VALENCIA, 1W6— Sunny bay-window room,
with use of whole house during day.
A BRANCH ornee for Call advertisements and
TObscripticns has been established at 1098
Valeria "t.
I TO LET — Knrn. and L'nfnrn.
i A HANDSOMELY furnished, sunny bay-win-
dow room In private residence, four blocks
from Park entrance, and within easy walk-
Ing distance of Affiliated Colleges. $15; also
large unfurnished room with private en-
trance; gentlemen only. Address box 1706,
Call office
! A— BRUNSWICK House. 149 Sixth — Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
j AT "The Almonte." 673 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 50c. 51. tl 50 night;
(1 50 to $10 week*; house open all night.
I BURNETT. 1426 Market— (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rooms, euites, single; also unfurnished.
CASTRO. 4S»3— Furnished room, with or with-
out use of kitchen.
j CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Masen— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
j EDDV. S9O— Beautifully furnished apartments
in elegant flat; also single rooms.
GOLDEN GATE. 817— Desirable front suite or
single rooms; opposite Jefferson Square.
j GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 60c
to $1 SO night; $2 to $3 week; reading-room.
HOTEL GRAYSTONE
C« Geary st.: phene Bush SSO. -
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
farnUhed suites, with baths and singles.
HYDE. 619 — 2 sunny front rooms, en suite or
single; reasonable to right parties.
JESSIE. S8X. near U. S. Mint— Furnished room.
So; large one. 2 beds. $10.
JONES. 919— Comfortable sunny room; bath;
reasonable; central; private family.
LAPKIE. 27. opp. MiSFlon. between Eighth and
Ninth — 3 furnished, sunny housekeeping
rooms; rent cheap.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
office*; elevator: elec. lights: day. week, mo.
POST. 102S — Nicely furnished rooms in a new,
modern flat; central. -y
ROTAL Hous?. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor: rooms per night. 35c to $1 EO; week. $2
to ?$; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
EHOTWELL. IS— 1 small front room. $5; I
large rear, $7; both sunny; gas.
ST. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna— Front
sunny rooms: all new; very cheap; telephone
Page 5751. .-..*;'
TURK, 254 — Large sunny fror.t room; two or
three gentlemen.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy st., near Market—
400 single and family rooms; 35c to $1 night*
fl 75 to $6 week; elevator; electric lights;
reading-room; fre« bus and baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market—
Moet convenient and respectable; 700 rooms-
35c to $1 50 nlpht: $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights: readlng-rocm: free bus: batrgage.
ROOMS AMI BOARD.
STEVENSON Mansion^"^uT > Catifornla~str^AT'
tractive and eightly rooms; best table and
6ervlce; lowest rates.
VAN NESS ave., 1714 — Private boarding-house
home like, everything first class; sunuy
cuites: ringle rooms: choice locality; ref.
HAYES. C71 — Nice front room with board for
gentleman; private family; reasonable.
PAGE, 151 — Rooms and board In suites or sepa-
rate; modern; homelike; $20 each.
THE LAKE, 2C8 Turk— Nicely furnUhed
rooms with board. \
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Transfer
Bocks fir ihe transfer of stock of The Bank
cf California will be closed September 15,
1903. at 3 o'clock p. m.. and will reopen on
Friday. October 2. 1903. By order of the
Board of Directors.
ALLEN M. CLAT. Secretary.
September 3, 1903.
Ladles! ChIcheEter"s English Pennyroyal Pills
are, beet: 6afe. reliable; take no other. Send 4c
ftamj.F for particulars. •'Relief for Ladies."
!n letter by return mall. Ark your druggist. '
Chichester Chemical Co. Philadelphia. Pa.
DR. A. E. NEUME1STER. Surgeon— Special
attention g:\vn to medical and surgical dls-
| ,'?*** rt women. dl^aFes of the 4 liver, stom-
r.rh «n<1 lviweis. 513-14 Ftarf King bldg..
¦¦"i r-rm- ,t. : tel. Private Krrhange 21rt.
PROFOJS.1LS.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts. Navy Department
Washington. D. C.. until 12 o'clock noon'
October «. 1903. and publicly opened imme-
diately thereafter, to furnish at the navy
yard, Pugct Sound, Wash., a quantity of
conductor, conduit, arc lamps, electrical sup-
plies, machine tools, electric elevator, pump-
ing outfit, sewing machines, hand tools
hardware, bolts and »uts. emery cloth, cedar
poles, flr, white pine, cedar, sugar pine, bar
steel, sheet Fteel. shapes and solder. Blank
proposals will be furnished upon application
to the Navy Pay Offlcps. San Francisco Cal
and Seattle, Wash. H. T. Bi, HARRIS. >••¦.•-
master General, U. S. N. • 0-2-03
PROPOSALS for subsistence supplies. Office
Purchasing Commissary, San Francisco, Cal.,
September 14, 1903 — Sealed proposals for fur-
nishing and delivering of such quantities of
subsistence supplies, delivered at such wharf
or wharves or such warehouses in San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. as per circular to be seen at this
office, will be received here until 11 o'clock
a. m., Friday, September 25, l«03, and opened
immediately thereafter, in presence of bid-
ders. Specifications, general instructions to
bidders and blank forms of proposals will be
furnished to established dealers on applica-
tion to C. R. KRAUTHOFF, Major Com' y.
BAN FRANCISCO, CaL. Sept. 12, 1903.— Seal-
ed prot(osals. In triplicate, will be received
bere until 11 o'clock a. m., September 22,
'1903. and then opened for construction of
frame buildings for lavatories, additions to
officers' quarters, plumbing, etc., at Depot
cf Recruit Instruction, Presidio of San Fran-
cisco, Cal. Government reserves right to re-
ject or accept any or all bids tn whole or in
part. Information furnished on application
to C. A. Dcvol, Quartermaster, Chief Q. M.
•
OCEAN TBAVEC^
® Steamers leavs Saa Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchikan, Wrange!,
Juneau, Halnes. Skagway.
etc.. Alaska— 11 a. m.. Sept.
18. 23, 28. Oct. 3. Changa
to company's steamers at
Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver,
. Port Townsend, Seattle, Ta-
coma. Everett, Whatcom — tl a. m.. Sept. 18,
23. 28. Oct. 3. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at
Seattle for Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancou-
ver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1:30
p. m., Sept. 19. 23. Oct. 1; Corona, 1:30 p. m..
Sept. 16, 22, 2S. Oct. 4.
• For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara — ¦
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Lcs Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crus, Mon-
1 terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (Saa
Luis Obtspo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m., Sept. 14. 22. 30, Oct. S. >
Bonita. 0 a. m.. Sept. IS, 26, Oct. 4.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Pas, Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th ot each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing date*.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight office, 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
"Columbia" rails Sept. 10, 20. 30, Oct. 10. 20.
30. "George W. Eider" sails Sept. 15. S3.
Oct. 0. "15. 25. Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND, OR., and short rail Una from Portland
to all oomts East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail at LOW-
EST RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth
and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at
11 a., m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Act. Pass. Dept..
1 Montgomery st. ; C. CLIFFORD, Gen. Agt.
Frt. Dept., 3 Montgomery st.
AMERICAN LINE. ~
NEW YORK— SOUTHAMPTON— LOXTM»x
Phlla.Sept. 23, 10 am "New York.Oct. 7.10 am
St LouIs.Sept.30.10am!Phlla...Oct. 14. 10 am
' ATLANTIC TBAK??OE- Z.JJffE.
New York — It~ndon Dlxact.
Nllnne'pls.Sept. 2fi.» an'Ma«Qba..Oct. 10. 9 am
Mln'haha..Oct. S, •'! pa Mn'fka.Oct. 17.1 :30pm
Only Ft-*«-~>»ss Passengers Carried.
SOZSTCTZON XOXTE.
V . Boston — Qneen»t<r«7n— Z.lverpoc.1.
Commonwealth. Sept. 24'Columbus(new).Oct. 15
New England. ..Oct. 1 j Commonwealth.. Oct 23
Mayflower Oct. 8»New England... Octl 23
Montreal — Uvexpool — Short sea pass.ie--
Canada Sept. 2elDom!nion Oct. 10
Southwark Oct 3iSouthwark Oct. 17
Boston Mediterranean Direct
AZORES— GIBUALTAK-XAPLES-GEXOA.
Vancouver Sat.. Oct. 10, Nov. 21
Cambroman Sat.. Oct. 31, Dec. 13
BSD STAX X.22TS.
Hew York — Antwerp — Paris.
Rronlnd.Sept. 28,10 anvFinland.. Oct. 10, 10am
Zealand.. .Oct 3. lOamlVad'land.Oet. 17.10am
WHITE STAB LI2JE.
Hew York — Qneenstown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Oceanic.Sept. 23. 7 am Teutonic. Sept. 30 noon
Cymric. Sept. 25. S am Arabic. Oct. 2. 2:30pm
Victorian. Sept. 29 noon Germanic. ..Oct. 7 noon
C t> TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast,
21 Post st.. San Francisco.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe <Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting ac
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. Na
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
S. B. HONGKONG MARU (calling at Ma-
nila) Saturday September 19 1303
S. S. NIPPON MARU "..
.......;... Thursday. October 13 1903
S S. AMERICA MARU
Tuesday. November 10. 19KI
Via Honolulu. Round trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage, apply at Com-
pany' s office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. Genera! Agent.
oecanic8.s.co.=S»g
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday, Sept. 17, 2 p. nt,
S S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Sept. 20. 11 m. m,
8 S A LAMBDA, for Honolulu. Sept. 2>5. 11 a.m. 5
KOSMOS LINE.
SPLENDID S. S. LUXOR 6500 T0N3
Carrying First and Second Class Passengers.
Balls Sept. 24, VjO3. frr London and Hamburg.
, via Mexican. Central and South American port*.
Lowect Fares. Unequaled Service.
J D SPRECKELS & BF.OS. CO.. Agents,
643 Market at.. San Francisco.
C0X?A6inX OENESALE TBAN3ATLA3TIQUX.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. j*_.
Bailing every Thursday, Instead ot^KftjBk
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. "JIMWy
North River, foot of Morton st.'
I First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $15 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. Saa Franetscu. .
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mar* Island and Vallejo dteamexs. *
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:15 a. m.. 2:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday. 8:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo.
7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 0 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Far*, to cants. Tel
Main IMS. Fier 2, Mission- «. dock, HATCH
cr.os.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The , following marriaga license* were Issued
yesterday:
Howard C. Wells. .21, Nevada City; and
Elizabeth Lewis, 20, Grass Valley.
Frank E. Emerson. 25, 905: Market street,
and Lizzie Penna, 20. 905 Market street.
James W. Redoath, 23. city, and Edith O.
Chaquette. 21, city.
Joseph Bartke, 30, 287 Natoma street, and
Marie Reidt, 25, 1711 Mission" street
Harrison H. Keene, 22, 1103 Valencia strtet,
and Claribel Turpin, IS, 40 Bartlett street.
William R. de Gruchy, 33, 1000 Sutter street,
and Clare Moore. 24.. 1814 Washington street.
Peter J. Ottersbach. 42, 214 Ellsworth street,
and Emma Schroeder, 28, Cincinnati. Ohio.
Frederick Tillmany, 42, 810 Mission street,
and Amelie Paquet, 30, 821 California street.
Isaac Harris. 37, Spokane, Wash., and Ruby
Migel, 21, city. 1
Joseph Comlnoll, 23, ; 309 Broadway, and
Edith Varnl, -16, 10L Geneva avenue.
John D. Burns. 31* 212 Broadway, and Julia
Ilalllssey, 26. 212 Broadway.
B1RTHS-MABRMES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They- must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sona authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
GREEN — In this city. September 10. 1908, to
the wife of Ed. 8. Green. ¦ a daughter. .
ILS— In this city, September- 11, 1303, to the
wife of John G. Ils, a daughter.
JENNINGS— In this city, September 12, M03,
to the wife of B. P. Jennings, a son.
McPHILLIPB— In this city, September 5, 1903,
. to the wife of-Frank J. McPhlllips, a son.
WHITNEY — In Berkeley, Cal.. September 8,
1903, to the wife of Irving R. Whitney, a
dai'£ht»r.
WOLF— In this city, September 13. . 1903, to
the wife of Adolph C. Wo^. a daughter.
MARRIED.
DAVIS — AARON — In thla city, September 6,
1&03, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Abraham
Davis of Denver, Colo., to Ray Aaron of
this cits-.
GRAVES— LONDON— In this city. September
12, 1003, by the Rev. William N. Meserve,
William J. Graves of this city and Edith
E. London of St. . John, New Brunswick.
HIGGINS— BASFELDT — In this city, Septem-
ber 8, 1903, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander,
pastor of the First English L'utheran
Church, George E. Hlgginn of Monterey,
Cal., aaid TiHie Basfeldt of San Francisco.
McNEILL — BEHLOW — In this city, Septem-
ber 12. 1903. by the Rev. G. A. Bernthal,
Ralph G. McNeil! and Ella Behlow, both of
'San FnncUco.
SIMMONS— LEWIS— In this city, September
6, 1903. by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Wolf Sim-
mons of Oakland to Mrs. Yetta Lewis of
Oakland.
SOLOMON — CARO— In this city, September 9,
1908, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Baruch
Solojnon to Beckie Caro, both of San Fran-
Cisco:
VARNHAGEN— LEWIS— In this city, Sep-
tember 6, 1903, by the Rev. M. S. Levy,
Seamen Varnhagen to Gussie Lewis, both of
San Francisco.
___
Blood, Warren H. Mltohell'. Robert
Clark, Caroline Mule. Irene
Dooley. Edward F. Nathan, Lillian
Garibaldi. Sarah Nethercott, Helen
Gentill, Evristo Noniust, August
} Grubb, Samuel N. Nowall, Edward
Hallock, James F. O'Connor, Alice
Kaher. Mary C. Palmer, John D.
Lapsley, Bridget A. Schwartz, Isldor
Lowenstein, Amanda Sheehy, Mary
McGonigle, Annie . Steves. Daniel A.
Miller, Frank TIerney, Arthur G.
Miller, Ralph Wm. Woods, Lula Emma
BLOOD — In Oakland, September 12, 1903, War-
ren H., beloved husband of Lottie L. Blood,
a native of California, aged 38 years.
C3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday. September 15. 1003. at 2:30 o'clock,
at Alcatmz Hall. Seventh and Peralta
streets, Oakland, under the direction of Alca-
traz Lodste No. 244, F. and A. M. Strictly
private funeral services at late residence,
1460 Eighth street.
CLARK — In thi« .:i>y, Caroline, relict of the
late George W. Clark, beloved mother of G.
Maverly Clark, Harry L. Clark and Mrs.
Rose M. Stahle, aged 76 years.
DOOLEY— Entered into rest September 13,
1903, Edward F., beloved husband of Cath-
erine Dooley, and loving son of Marttn and
Mary Dooley, a native of the parish of KI1-
christ, • County Galway, Ireland, aged 37
years. . .
(T^rTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the par-
lors of McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171
Mission street, thence to Holy Cross Church,
Eddy and Scott streets, where a requiem
high masa will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
GARIBALDI — In this city. September 14, 1003,
Sarah, dearly beloved wife of Stephen J.
Garibaldi. > and mother of Gertrude and
Stephen V. N. Garibaldi, a native of San
Francisco, aged 32 years.
(L^ Friend b and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday, September 10, at 1 o'clock,
from her late residence. 1515V4 Powell
street, between Green and Vallejo. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GENTILI— In this city, September 14, 1903,
Evristo, Jearly beloved brother of Emilio
Gentili, Mrs. Merope Musso and Artermtsa
Stasi, a native of Italy, aged 30 years 7
months and 15 days.
GRUBB— In this city, September 12, 1903.
Samuel N., beloved husband of Rosa Orubb,
a native of Baltimore, Md., aged 67 years
6 months and 7 days.
CyFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Tuesday), at 10
o'clock, from his late residence, 1079 Ash-
tury street, near Seventeenth. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HALLOCK— In this city, September 13, 1903,
James F.. beloved husband of Margaret Hal-
lock, and father of J. C. and Glorian Hal-
lock, a native of Moriches. L. I.. New York,
aged 70 years 5 months and 19 days.
IT7KriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral ' to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Mission Ma-
sonic Temple. Mission street, between Twen-
ty-second and Twenty-third streets, under
. the ausolcea of Mission Lodge No. 1C9, F.
and A. M. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery.
KAHER— In this • city, SeDtember 14. 1903, '
Mary C, beloved wife of Patrick M. Kaher, :
and mother of Ignatius the late Daniel
and Olinda Kaher. and \gughter of Joseph
and Olinda Davis, end sister of Mrs. F.
Fischer and Joseph. Belle, Antonla i
and the late Julia, Mary, Mathilda and
Guadalupe Davis, a native of San Fran-
cisco, ag?d 25 years 6 months and 8 days.
A member ."f San Francisco Council No. 3, 1
A n. i'. p. r ¦:.
cyFrierds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday*. September 16. at 1:30 o'clock,
Jroni the residence of her parents. »2t Utah
scrtet, "between Fifteenth and Sixteenth,
thence to St. Charles Botromco's Church, '
wheri services will be held, commencing; at
2 o'clock. IatP.rnent Holy Cross Cemetery.
LAPSLEY— In thic city, September 13. 1903,
Bridget A., b;-li,ved wife of Thomas Lapsley,
and mother cf George S. Lapsley, Mrs, Wil-
liam Malt, Mrs. John G. Moreno and the late
Tho-.nas Lapsley,- a native of Londonderry,
Ireland, aged C8 years. (Philadelphia, Pa.,
'¦ New "Jersey and New York papers please
copy.)
C7The funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o f clock, from her late
residence, 3 Alemany street, off Seventeenth,
thence to Mission Dolores Church for ser-
_- vices m 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.' . "* .
LOWENSTEIN— In this city, September 13,
. 1903. Amanda, teloved sister of Mrs. L.
Ulfelfler, Sirs. M. L. Dessauer, Benard and
Samuel Lowcnstrin, a native of Virginia
City, .Nev., agfil 32 jtars 3 months and %
days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to atttnJ the funeral services
t«-day <TJi-diy>, at 9:30 o'clock, from her
late residence, 1232 Octavla street. Inter-
ment Home of Peace Cemetery by 11 o'clock
train. front Third r»iid Townsend streets.
McGONIGLE — In this city, September 12, 1903,
Annie M., dearly beloved daughter of the
late Patrick and Grace McGoniele, and de-
voted sister of Willie, Cornelius, John,
Jamce, Dennis and Daniel McGonigle, Mrs.
George H. Murphy and Mrs. Charles Colgan,
a native Of San Francisco,
CVFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to ¦ attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
.' the Ur'ite-1 Undertakers, 8GU Mission street,
between Fourth and Fifth, thence to KL
Patrick's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
. her scul «t 9:30 o'clock. Interment Hnly
Crtss Cemetery.
MILLER— In this city, September 12. 1903.
Frank Miller, brother of J. A. Miller, a na-
tive of New .York, aired. 55 years.
CT" Remains at the mortuary chapel of th«
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2475
Mission street, near Twenty-flrst.
MILLER— In this city, September 14, l»03
Ralph William, dearly beloved son of Wli-
llam aud Katie Miller, a native of San
Francisco, aged 6 months.
MITCHELL— In this city. . September 14. long.
F. J. Monahan, President.
MONAHAN & CO.,
(fnc.)
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
2300-23 »1 Mission st. Telephone Mission SI.
Jame« McGinn. Henry Hansen I
- - i- JAMES McGINN & CO.. I
Formerly . With McGinn Bros.. ' • 1
Funeral Directors and Embalmers ' I
.v. 214 Eddy St.: Tel. South 676. 1
MONEY TO LrOAA'.
¦*-*-*. — HERMAN" MURPHY.
601-602-603 Examiner betiding.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
* 6 » v « expenses by dealing directly
Estates, t-cond mcrtgages. undivided inter-
est*, assignments of rents property in trust,
•tc; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
__ Wh»n You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES on furniture and piancs without
removal; to Falarted people on their note
wjtnout security o - knowledge of employer:
lowest rates; best terms; quickest service and
absolute privacy; special rates to Municipal
£tnploye» and teachers. The National Credit
Co.. r. CS-C9 Donohoe bid.. 1170 Market st.
H i£ HLY reE P*' c table private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamond* Jewelry, »J
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 8t«
Market st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
M °k CET loan ed to e&Iarled people retail roer-
c-ants. teamsters, boardisp-houses, without
** curltT ; c-aty payments; larpest business in
__<«_Prtncipal cltlea, Tolman. crj Parrot: -\dg.
STRICTLY confidential Uwxta on furniture.
p.anos or to salaried people on their note;
proper treatment ETJarante«-d. Illinois Trust
Co.. r. 16. Phelaa bid.. Market and OFarreil.
MTMCIPAX. LOAN OFFICE 103 Grant **«..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
AT cut rs.tes on real «state furniture or piano;
no commission E W LICK 1003 Mutual
6«.T. Bk. bid TOP Market: phone Main Kia.
£• F. DISCOUNT AGENCT— Loans to salaried
peop'.e en their not*.
THE TOCSLEY CO 143 Phe'.an Bldg.
MONET to loan on low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds j-*-a.ri<> and precious stones bought
«.t W J.HESTHALS. 10 Sixth gt.
MONEY loaned to ealaried employes. O. W.
MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle bldf .
S% ON furniture & pianos; $15 vp: no removal;
V. TREMAIN. rccm fel. 6 Eddy «t.. floor 4.
ALL leans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
Co S. F. Coliatera.1 Loan Ea.uk. 539 Kcaxny.
STAR Loan Co. cf Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R.311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes wlthoa*
'¦rcor»<r MORKHLI. »*"P Examiner Mdg.
Ul'SICAL IXSTRtMEXTS.
A — YOU will net have to pay for eyecial sale
afivertlsi-g en these bargain*. Uprights:
Collard. $37; Sherman & Hyde, $117; Filsher,
taS; ginger, almost t.ew. $lfc3; 2 Stelnways.
food condition, larjre and s>nsall size, »:•'..
325; Chickering. $S3. $138; 3 Heine, second-
hand. $195; Ellghtly used. 1237. $393: 1 Heine
baby grand, $TU5; Krell, slightly used, dark
roahojracy. $Uy5. Ntw bargains: Mascn &
Hamiln upright. $2*5; Behr Bros., mahogany.
$247; Conover, $2ti3. Piano players slightly
used from $S0 up. Pianoe rented. $2 up.
*PPly en purchase. Installments. $4 up.
Caeh discount If raid In two years. HEINE
PIANO CO.. £35-237 G«>ary ft. : largest ex-
clusive piano "house of the W>?t; agents for
the Gabler. Kre'.l. Eteger, Heine, Sinper. etc.
A SMALL wilr.-jt Emerson upright, absolutely
like new. $135. 237 Geary st.
STEINWAY Bprlcttt. left ty private party.
$1€3; a great bargain. 237 Geary st.
YOU do not take acy ctances when buying
Trcsi us. Our methods are well knows to b*
cpen acd above board. "Big bargains, not
big ads." is our rule. Ail goods guaranteed
ajs represented or no sale. Call and see large
aefortment of new and unt-d instruments.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO. 7C3 Mar-
k«t gt. '
A FEW upright bargain* from $70 up. compris-
ing such makfe as Chlckering. Jacobson,
VaM, Eterllr.g. Kr.abe. Fischer. Echwechten,
TVeser Schuman and others: eaey pavinents.
EENJ. CURTAZ & SON 16 O'Faxre'.l St.; no
branches in San Francisco.
THE greatest opportunity ever offered in Saa
Francisco to cet a good reliable piano cheap.
Before our removal we will sacrifice ar.y In-
strument for cash or installments. Call or
write for prices and terms at once. KOHLER
' & CHASE. Established 1650. 30 O'Farrell.
BAND Instruments; F. Besson, Parts, maker.
Gus MaiwaM. Art. Pac. Coast. 'J7S O'Farrell:
skillful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments eold.
RARE chance: cash or payments; elegant high
graae upright. X6 McAllister St.
Ur.reieem'^J storage piar.os and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltefaead'a Storage. 163<3 Market st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's.2s5 O'FarrelLv
BUY direct frcm the factory and save 50 per
cent. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st.
BEST rer-ting pUaa !n city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. SCO Hayes st.
SOHMER. Byron Maury pianos Cecilian piano :
j:ay*r. BYRON MAL'ZT. 30S-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zither*, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, r^pairt-r. 2 Latham place.
PIANOS AXD OnGAXS.
PART cJ cur list of bargains in second-hand
planes for September, UHK>:
Original
Price. Now.
2 BARNES & SON—
Walnut cesses, large size, colonial
style, three pedals. 7 1-3 octa\-es,
*<jual to ntw $350 $278
1 EMERSON —
%Valnut case. cabinet grand,
carved panels. 7 1-3 octaves, three
pedals, in fine condition, slightly
used 450 275
' 1 EMERSON—
Fiejr.ish oak case, cabinet grand,
•Cl> latest desgin and finish, nearly
new- 450 300
1 SOHMER—
Mahogany case, medium sire, full
twir.ging <i*>fk, 7 1-3 octaves, thor-
oughly renovated and equal to
new 500 323
1 BK 3r
Rosewood oase, fancy carved,
largett size, 7 1-3 octaves, in ex-
cellent condition C50 323
1 BRADBURY—
Rosewood case, largre eize. 7 1-3
octave*, thoroughly renovated and
equal to new 530 350
1 BRADBURY— •
Red oak case, cabinet grand.
7 1-3 octavos, thoroughly renova-
ted and equal to new 500 323
Complete list furnished on application at
our etore. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Corner Keamy and Putter sts.
PERSOXALS. _i
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
Wrtakle*, yellow and flabby ekin. birthmarks,
smailpoz pitting* and tear.- scientifically re-
moved without cutting, maseage, electricity or
medicine*; cpccial demonstrations this we^k.
Call or write Dr. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
SPECIAL — Reduced for the month only, home
' treatment that you can use at your own
home, removing wrinkles, tan. freckles. leav-
ir.g f kin cuar &nd smooth: to be had onlv at
try ofnc*. Cali or write M. ELLA HARRIS,
761 O'Farrell st.
THE EUr Hair Remedy re«tore« gray hair, im-
prove* Its gre wth, stops falllr.g.cure* dandrua
and itching scalp: no stain or ftickices*;
(»ar.s<( scalp: at druggists', hairdressers' ac-
cent no substitute. Star RenjedyCo..SS5Geary.
ICOT how cheap, but how good is the motto of
th« manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the *ewlng-machlne of to-day. J.
TV. EVANS, arent, 1C21 Market gt.
PHYEICIAX, 15 years' experience, cares per-
manently mo*xhine. cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pbarroacy. 251 Grant ave.,
corner Gutter St.; fee moderate.
P.EMOVAL— DR. W. C. STRATTON has re-
moved hU of fie* from 22^5 Mission st. to
rooms 573 and 874. Parrott bldg (Emporium).
BED- WETTING cured; package of Pen-ine,
direction and booklet trailed free. Missouri
Remedy Co.. dept. C20, St. Louis, Mo. ».
HAIRDRESSING in all branches taught; $5 for
2 week*. Up-to-Date Hairdressing Parlors.
1036 Market St.. room 1. upstairs. !
DajuCINQ Tuesday, Thursday. t-'aturSav ar<i J
Sunday evenings at Teutons* Hail. Howard ;
rt., near Ninth: management Prof. Foster.
AT less then Cf^l m:i?.!le<l fir suits, overroats
and triers, at CHABLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 lla-ket fet. \ _^
T T !K li!t-l:«f r"lc<? paid for ladles' or «*lts*
mti-rtr <!.ith!ue and all articles of va'-iie at
\V E I NHKHG'S. 114A E1I1« «t.
LLEGAXT fults ou eary installments; 50 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127
Market rt.. between Seventh and Eighth.
B. GREENFIELD, tailor — Communicate with
THE best place to buy good umbrella* or
have them covered or repaired is 120 Etocktcn.
ALL ttyles hairdresflng 25c: hair goods: miini-
c-rUig. 25c. G. LgDERER. 123 Stockton at.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 5O; drew pants $2 50.
Misf.t Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
fcUPERFLUOUS hair end moles removed by
f lertrie ntcdl**. Ur.&Mn».Trav»rse.ll70 Marke:
MASQUERADE ccstumes. play books, wigs,
country order* GOLDPTK1N & CO.. 733 Mkt
ALFEEDL'M'S KffyjJtien Henca restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
EuperiiDOU* hair and melts removed with elec-
tric needle Mrs. & Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
IMLHI.-TKV.
MKE. DETl* AS — Scientific palmist and astrolo-
Kist. Palm riding* $1. Hours 10 to 12 and
1 to C. and Tuesday evenings. 138 Post «t
MRS. L. EHIIHORN. clairvoyant and palmist;
circles Monday and Thursday, 8 p. m., 10C
<~'.l Linden ave., near Buchanan st.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. Slf
Tsylcr et.. Bear Geary. Phono Slack &GL
BARGAINS.
$2300 — Cottage, 4 rooms and bath. etc. ; brick
foundation; In fine repair; lovely home; lot
25x114; sunny side 27th st., bet. Dolores
¦ and Church.
| $1300— Cottage, 4 rooms: lot 25x80: Folsom
* St.; y, block from cars; street work all done.
, $8300 — #500 cash; 2-story. 7 rooms; modern;
I lot 20x125: fine neighborhood; between
! Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth sts., Fair ]
Oaks.
12100— Cottage. 4 rooms, bath and stable: un-
; finished basement;- can be made into a flat;
j Duncan St.. eunny side, between Guerrero
and Dolores.
j $1100— Lot 25x125: Fair Oaks et.. between
Twenty-ttfth and Twenty-sixth; sunny side;
fine neighborhood: lots in same block held i
at $2000; $500 cash, balance long time.
$1650— Lot 25x78:6; San Jose ave., between
Twenty-fifth and Army sts., bltuminized and
sidewalk.
$55O each — 2 lots. 25x114; Duncan at. ""
J. F. PLTJMBE. 1402. Valencia St.
$1400 — Modern cottage; 5 rooms and bath; city
i wattr; lot 60x100; $150 cash, $25 monthly.
! $1500— 5-rooni cottage; redwood finish; electric
lights; hot and cold water; easy payments.
$1000^ — Lot 5Oxl35 on main avenue; $2Q month.
$2000 — 2-»tory house-; store and 11 rooms; city
water and well; broad street; macadam-
ized. . A34. i
$2600— Half block by the Santa Fe: $50 month.
$1500— Lot for factory site. 221x125. 172. '
$2000— House, 4 rooms, attic and high base-
ment; lot 100x130; street macadamized.
| $1000 — Corner, 93x100. on railroad; $15 montn!
$1200 — House, 5 rooms; barn; well; macadam.
\ A50. '
$450— Cabin, 1 room; lot 32x125; near station. ,
CHAS. A. BAILEY. 1050 University ave.,
near San Pablo ave., Berkeley.
2 HOUSES. Just finished. 1320 and 1322 Castro
St., near 24th. opposite carhouse; 7 large
sunny rooms, tastefully decorated and iln-
ished basement: all modern and up to date;
price low and easy terms to effect immediate
sale. See owner on premises.
— —^ |
A BARGAIN— $4250; CORNER LOT. 2
FLATS. LOT 25x114; 1S4 CLIPPER ST.
SEE OWNER ON PREMISES.
\ ______
{ WHY PAY RENT? $400 for house and lot.
$35 — Must sell level lot at any price.
5400 for 4 beautiful lots, S. V. water, etc.
$1200 — 4-room cottage, bath, toilet, etc., near
cars.
THISTLETON. 272 Sadowa st. Ocean View.
FORCED sale of 2 cottaees. 5 r. and b., on
26th st.. near Castro: one chance in a life-
time: $100 down and $20 per month. 1245
Sanchez; $300 down and $20 per month.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission st.
BUILD on your unlmoroved realty: we loan
i full cost lmcrov and part lot at »S per cent
' MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
6-ROOM house and outbuildings; free water;
suitable for poultry or hounds: 100x125 ft.;
also unimproved 75x125. 120 Palmetto ave.
i FOR sale — House 8 rms.; high basement; sunny
side 19th, bet. Valencia and Mission: no reas.
; offer refused. Stephens & Co.. Un!on-sq. Mkt.
• MARKET and Dolores — 75x80 feet, unlm- '
proved. See owner's sign on premises.
POINT ItlCHMOXD REAL ESTATE.
WATER front lot* and bargains: all tracts;
'. man*, r-hntog. etc. BELL. 41" Parrott bid*;.
I r~*~ ""*""— " "**""" ""^ *"*"*— ""^ ""—^— a
HEAL ESTATE — Country — For Sale.
2 ACRES land, adjoining Union Park. Colma:
fenced hedges around land; good house;
chicken-house*, water; reasonable; chickens,
ducks. R. S. THORNTON. 416 Examiner bid.
i FOR sale — On San Pedro road. Colma, 3-room
house, basement and lot 50x100; turrounded
! by fruit trees and fence; running water in
j house. Inauire 144 Clara St., upstairs.
I ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards
vineyards: Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., 648
Market ft. ' v
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE].
! OWNER of choice Berkeley real estate would
like to exchange for some In this city. Ad-
dre«=g box 4148. Call office.
REAL ESTATE WANTED. ~
WANTED In a good location, 2 modern flats of
6 rooms each; wilt find a cash purchaser if
reaeonahle. Apply box 123*5. Call office.
ipEciXEisTS^
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EAR3
' positively cured: new method; 1 week's treat-
j ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st. •
| STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE System School, Van Ness and
Market: poritive cure for all. Don't delay.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENT?.
I : 1 — _ —
i ALAMEDA RKAL ESTATE.
1 JUST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR.
i A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
train and schools; only $2S50; lot 75x125.
:' Nice 5-room cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY
Tel. Grand 1410. 1500 Park Et., Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
I BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
i HERE IT IS.
7-room house, bath, patent toilet, stationary
tubs, china closet; lartre lot; convenient to
both ferry lines; price $2250; terms $150
cash, balance easy payments.
O. A. RUDOLPH,
Open Sunday. . Lorin.
BEAT THIS. ' ~~~ ~~~~
A new 5-room cottage; bath, patent toilet,
stationary tubs; close to station and street
cars; price $1550; terms $100 cash, balance to
suit.
j O. A. RUDOLPH,
Open Sunday. Lorin.
A BARGAIN. —
6- room cottage; bath, toilet, stationary tubs-
large lot; fruit trees, flowers; chicken-house
and yard: price $1600; terms $100 cash, bal-
ance tame as rent.
. „ O. A. RUDOLPH,
Open Sunday. Lorin.
CHENEY & BERRY'S SPECIALS. ~~
10 lots near Grove st.; $400 to $500; In-
stallments.
One acre cheap; North Berkeley; $1500.
House 6 rooms and bath; east of Telc-raoV !
lot 60x120; $2250. P ' '
Will build to suit on Parker ave., near
Grove, and sell on Installment.
Hou?o of 7 rooms and bath; new and mod-
ern: lot :J3xlC(J; Derby, east of Telegraph-
$iC<;0; cheap.
A bargain — 60x130; Prince and Fulton; $G00-
easy payments. ; '
CHENEY & BERRY
' P. O. Block. Berkeley.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
S 3200— MODERN cottage- of 6 rooms and bath-
high basement; barn, tank and windmill-
family orchard; lot 50x14 X Inquire on preml
ises,. first house on Fremont ave., off East
Fourteenth st, Frultvale. C. Q. DANN ET.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 3B0ADWAY.
' OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
$250 CASH, $8 50 monthly will buy a nice 4-
room cottage, bath, pantry, closets; Al well
* of water, none better in quality; large shed
barn and patent chicken-house; loads of
shrubbery, small fruit and flowers; some
young fruit trees, two ornamental palm trees,
. 2 lota 64x100, all nicely fenced in; a lovely
section adjoining East Oakland, away from
raw winds and fogs, sure; come and see it
. -for it Is a bargain. Call or send for circular
455 Seventh st., opp. Broadway station, Oak-
land; carriage free; price all told $S90. H.
Z. JONES, Land Owner.
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
FOR rent — Cottage, 8 rooms; up-to-d»te; stable
etc.; $20 a month; carpets for sale: cheap'
831 Sixtieth st., Oakland, at Adeline station
on railroad to Berkeley. ¦»'. ?.'-.'.-• '/: • ',:}.
OAKLm^FlJttSlTDRE ' FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in . furni-
ture. U. Schellhaaa, 11th st.,cor.store,Oaklnd.
. icyF/rtends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Tuesday), Septem-
ber 15, at 9 o'clock, from St. Mary'« Paulist
Church, corner Dupont and California
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PALMER— In this city, September 12. 1903,
John Dalton Palmer, son of Wales and Eliz-
abeth Palmer of Amador, Cal.. a native
of California, aged 1U years.
SCHWARTZ— In this city,- September 14, 1903,
Isilor, - dearly beloved husband of Nettie
Sjjchwartz, and dea/Iy ' beloved father of
Florence and P>ari Schwartz, a native of
• Kempen. Germany, aged 51 years 7 months
and 14 days.
SHEEHY— In Watsonvllle, Cal., September 14,
1003, Mary, beloved wife of Timothy Sheehy,
and sister of the late Patrick and Lawrence
Cunningham, a native of Carrickmacross,
County Monaghan, Ireland.
E?"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday). Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery by 11 o'clock train from Third and
Townsend, streets.
STEVES— In this city, September 14, 1903,
Daniel Andrew, beloved . child of Daniel A.
and Rosa Steves, a native of San Francisco,
aged 7 months and 12 days.
TIERNEY — In this city, September 13. 1903.
. Arthur George, beloved son of John and
Maggie Tiirney, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year and 5 days.
WOODS— In Mill Valley, Cal.. Sept. 14. 1903.
- Lula Emma, beloved wife 'of James H.
Woods of Butte, Montana, and sister of
Martha Woods and Mrs. Grace Lowry, a
native of San Francisco, aged 33 years 5
months and 22 days. (Butte, Mont., papers
please copy.)
E7Notlce of funeral hereafter.
Robert Mitchell, a native of Ireland, aged
1 74 years. . .
MULE — In this city, September 14, 1903.
Irene, beloved daughter of Michael and Col-
lastine Mule, a native of California, aged
2 years 9 months and 18 days. '
NATHAN— In this city, September 13, 1903,
Lillian Nathan (nee Posner), dearly beloved
wife of John Nathan, daughter of Philip
and Hannah Posner, and sister of Abe, Ben-
jamin, Henry, Joe, Eva and Violet Posner,
a of- San- Francisco, aged 23 years 4
months and 16 days. (Sacramento, Cal., and
Eastern papers please copy.)
C^Filends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. 379 Hayes street, between
Franklin and Gough, and thance by electric
funeral car leaving Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets at 11*13 o'clock to New Salem Ceme-
tery for interment-
NETHERCOTT— In Oakland. Cal., Sept 14.
1903, Helen, beloved wife of William Neth-
i ercott of 800 Pine street, and mother of
William Starr and J. : Nethercott, a native
of Scotland, aged 52 years.
NORQUST— In this city. September 14. 1903,
August, beloved husband of Hulda Norqust.
and father of Gordon and Hulda Norqust, a
native of Sweden,' aged 41 years 8 months
- and 13 days.
NOWALL — In this city, September 13. 1903.
Edward Nowall, dearly beloved husband of
Mary Nowall, and beloved father of John
and William Nowall, Mrs. C. F. Kerr, Mrs.
Albert Payne. Mrs. William McCarthy,
and ' Charles, George, Violet and.. Laura
Nowall, a native of New .York, aged 82
years. (New York papers pleasa copy.)
K7Frtend8 atd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlorfl
of the Gantner & Ountz Undertaking; Com-
pany, 1209 Mission street, between Eighth
and Ninth, thence to St.' Mary's Cathedral,
.. corner of Van Ness avenue and O'Farrell
street, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the reDOse of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
O'CONNOR— In this city. September 12, 1903,
Alice O'Connor, a native of Ireland, aged 72
years.Herr Maret to Play Comedy.
Henry Maret, the well known German
actor, will be seen on Sunday evening
next at the San Francisco Turn Verein
Theater, 353, Turk street, in the comedy,
"Der Sanste Heinrich," supported by a
competent cast of players. Many friends
of Herr Maret have' signified their Inten
tion of being present as a compliment to
the player on the celebration of his birth
day. •.
Choynski that the committee consist of
one being ruled out by the chair as dis
respectful and in bad faith.
W. M. Cannon moved the appointment
of a committee of eighteen on platform
and resolutions, which was carried.
A delegate moved to adjourn, to meet
at the call of the chair, and another that
they adjourn sine die. The former mo
tion-was carried, and,, at 11 o'clock the
convention was declared adjourned, to
meet at the call of the chair.
The. chairman announced that^he com
mittee on contests would be appointed be
fore the next meeting.
Unio^ Labor Party.
The Union Labor Party Convention will
meet to-morrow night at Pioneer Hall, on
Fourth street. The first business in order
will be the nomination of Super visocs.
Game Law Violators Punished.
Chief Deputy Vogelsang of the Fish
Commission reports that Frank Lucido,
¦who was arrested recently by Deputy
Davis for catching salmon with nets dur
ing the close season, entered a plea of
guilty before Superior Judge Buckles of
Solano County at Fairfield yesterday and
•was fined 1200.
Justice of the Peace Hunt of Kelsey
ville lined R. G. Allen $35 yesterday for
killing a doe In violation of the game
laws.
Justice of the Peace Horgan of Sacra
xcento fined two Chinese, Ah Bing and Ah
Fong by name, $25 each yesterday for
taking black bass with a net in violation
of the provision making it a misdemeanor
to catch bass by any other method than
hook and line.
The San Francisco Eye
If almost constantly irritated by wind
and mineral-laden dust: Inflammation.
redness, itching and burning, followed by
eracuiated eyelids, are the results
Jd URINE EYJU REMEDY gives qulcK re
lief. Doesn't smart: soothes eye pain;
makes weak eyes strong. Your druggist
or optician sells Mnrlne at BO cents. •
Hossi Dies From His Injuries.
Antonio Rossi, one of the two men run
down by a switch engine Saturday morn
ing at the crossing of Twenty-fourth and
Mission streets, died at the City and
County Hospital yesterday. His brother
Vittorio. who was removed to the French
Hospital, lies in a precarious condition.
As soon as the death of Antonio. was re
ported to Captain II. O. Anderson of the
Mission district he gave orders to have
Knslneer Edwin Bunnell charged with
manslaughter. The body of the dead man
was removed to the Morgue.
Hig-h-grade printing pays you and we do it.
My«ell-RoU!ne, 22 Clay, th« first-class printers.*
Conduct Displeases Executors.
The petition of Joseph McGeary for dis
tribution to him of a one-fourth interest
in the estate of his father. John Mc-
Geary, was opposed yesterday by the ex
ecutors of the estate. They claim that he
has forfeited his interest because of his
behavior, his father having: provided in
his will that unless his conduct pleased
the executors he was not to be a benefi
ciary except in the sum of &0.
Bronchial troubles arc often' permanently
cured by Tiso's Cure for Consumption. 25c bot. •
Is Arrested for Cruelty.
Special Officer Ungrer of the Society, for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals ar
rested Joseph Weiss yesterday for driving
a crippled horse. Weiss was released on
5*0 cash bail.
Tender and sore feet are quickly cured
fcy Dr. Koenigstcln's Red Salve. •
J. M. McCormick had a deep cut In his
left hand treated at the Emergency Hos
pital yesterday. The wound was from a
knife in the hand of James Whigham. The
m»-n were in the Fclsen beer saloon at
1C32 Market street, when a dispute arose
¦between them. Whigham, a cripple, says
McCormick attempted to assault him,
¦when he used the knife to protect him
self. Officer Cullinane escorted the ac
cuseu to the Hall of .Justice, where he
¦was detained pending a charer«» to be
lodged against him by the man lie cut.
Almost directly across the st.ver, in trc
Mint salmon, Fiith and Market atreets.
\V. Barnctt was struck on the liead
with a bottle by one of the bartenders.
3Iis Injuries were treated at the Emer
gency Hospital by Dr. James D. Murphy.
The bottle wielder has not been arrested,
es Barnett declined to charge him.
Receive Injuries in Saloons.
Wo have gathered in this convention to ex
ercise a.eerlous. an important function of cit
izenship, . that ' 'of " nominating - candidates for
election to the municipal offices of San . Fran
cisco. • the city . where . many '¦ of • us ¦ were J born
and reared which alii of . us call home. - which
all . of us, ' I . trust, hold dear with an • effec
tlon that Is more than patriotism. We are met
to exercise a function and perform. a duty al
ways serious and i important,: always demand-
Ing care and solicitude ¦ and zeal and honesty,
but .at . this - time particularly \ serious, ¦: particu
larly Important. The city of. San Francisco rs
just stepping out ' of the condition - of - a * pro-
I thank you, gentlemen of the convention,
for this honor conferred upon' me. To -me and
¦to every man having read the history of the
Democratic party • the office of chairman of a
Democratic convention, representing Democratla
traditions, standing for Democratic principles,
striving for Democratic Ideals . of government,
is an exalted station. But I am aware that
In thus raising me to, the chalr-you have de*
signed to honor not me personally, - but the
district from I which I come, the ' district which
contains ¦more Democrats than any other As
sembly district In California, the district which
so often in the past has given and which as
often .In the future will- give to - Democratic
candidates the pluralities that turn defeat Into
victory. In the name of, the Thirtieth ' Dis
trict " I "thank, you.- ¦ ¦ . . '
• And in - accepting : this . responsible office I
now pledge myself to allow every man In this
body fair play. I am the chairman of no fac
tion, the I champion of no candidate. In the
performance of my office I ¦ may commit' er
rors, but they will be • honest errors of judg
ment, without bias and without malice; -and
I entreat your charitable judgment in .consid
eration of my clean purpose.
Hickey, 204^; O'Donnell, 133. -
Hickey. was- declared . the temporary
chairman. O'Donnell moved to make his
election a unanimous one. Hickey was
escorted to the platform by O'Donnell and
Brady, and spoke in part as follows:
The vote was then announced as fol
lows : '
RESULT. OF VOTE.
When the Forty-third District was
reached Chairman John J. Gleason an
nounced sixteen votes for O'Donnell., Jo-,
seph T. O'Connor arose and protested that
hewas a delegate to the convention' and'
would be entitled to a scat until he was
unseated. He" said he' wanted to be re-i
corded as voting for Hickey. Much feeK
ing: was shown by both sides and pleason
explained the matter. ; "Owing to an error
.of the. Registrar's , clerk.", he | said, ."Mr.
O'Connor has been given the credentials as.
a delegate to this convention in place of
Mr. -Reagan, who was rightfully elected
by the voters ! of this 'city, 1 and . I protest
against Mr. O'Connor voting in this' con-,
vention." . ' ' y .
am sorry to say. but he and I understand
cne another. The greatest 1 writer of tragedy
that ever lived, the Hon. William Shakespeare,
never wrote a tragedy but he Injected a lit
tle piece of comedy through It. We nearly had
our tragedy In the beginning. Now let's have
a little comedy, even If we lose. We may not
win this time, but, gentlemen, as sure as the
sun rises and sets we will win the next time.
We are the pioneers who to-nigbt are going to
sow the seed that is going- to bring back the
Democrats that have been driven away within
the laetjive years. They nailed the ballot box
so high at the primary that God knows, while
I am tall enough, I couldn't see whether the
ballot was dropped into the box or on to the
floor. Therefore, gentlemen, without any fur
ther remarks. I would second the nomination
of my old friend, O'Donnell, and may he and
Hickey have a tight race, and even If he is.
which I am not, even If he Is a Horse and Cart,
I hope he has been shod properly. (Laughter
and applause.)
John H. Mullen of the Thirty-sixth Dis
trict also seconded the nomination of
O'Donnell. He was interrupted by the
McNab contingent, but did not mind. He
appealed for the election of O'Donnell and
gave many reasons why he should be se
lected chairman. Nominations were de
clared closed, and Joseph Slye of the For
ty-second District and William D. Hynes
of the Thirty-sixth District were appoint
ed tellers, and kept tab on the votes. The
roll call continued very smoothly until the
Fortieth District was reached. There was
a division in this district, and trouble was
experienced in recording the vote. Wil
liam Ross startled the convention by vot
ing for David I. Mahoney for chairman.
There was a loud outburst of laughter.
There was a squabble over the vote in
this district. Ross claimed the right to
vote the absentees, and Sidney M. Van
Wyck Jr. protested. Ross rushed toward
the platform with a proxy, and Kelly,
who had taken the chair, declined to look
at it. ' • .
"I don't want to see that," said Kelly
with feeling.
"Read it!" "Read it!" "Insult!" and
other such replies came from all parts of
the hall. Kelly then took the paper and
read it. He informed the convention that
it was an authorization to vote, but un
signed. •
The Southern Pacific excursion to Tosemlte
Valley. September IT, goes In by Inspiration
Polr.t and out by Glacier Point. One day at
Wawona and the famous grove of big trees. The
rate. $4S 50. is for five days' trip, and Includes
railroad and sleeping car fare, both ways,
*¦•¦£:«• fare, hotels, carriage in valley, horses,
Rui<l<?y, and all necessary expenses. Person
ally conducted. Itinerary at Information Bu
rtau. 613 Market st. •
The Only Route Via Wawona and
Mariposa Big TTees.
THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC
EXCURSION TO YOSEMITE
The regular meeting of the Civil Ser
vice Commission was held last night. Ow
ing to the absence of the chairman, J. W.
Rogers, who is away on his honeymoon,
only the regular detail work of the office.
was acted on. Special matters before the
committee will be taken up at the session
next Mondav.
Hold Regular Meeting.
CHAIRMAN OF DEMOCRATIC
CONVENTION AND SOME OF
THE SPEAKERS.
The San Francisco Teachers* Club held
a meeting last night at the Occidental
Hall. The feature of the ex'ening was tho
talk of Miss Kathryn M. Ball, who chose
for a subject Japan. She handled the
topic in an Intelligent and Interesting
manner and was intently listened to by
a large audience.
Tells of Travels in Japan.
The J4S7 diamond ring which for some
months has adorned the finger of Maude
Amber, Fischer's leading lady, and the
ownership of which has been the subject
of a dispute in the court, will still con
tinue to sparkle and glisten from the act
ress' hand. Judge Seawell decided yes
terday that E. A. Fano, who sold the ring
to Ira Puerl "Wilkerson, Maude's hus
band, who presented it to his wife, had no
clHim upon the jewel, and he rendered
judgment for the defendant in the suit
te recover the stone brought by Fano.
Fano claimed that Wilkerson, in giving
the ring to his wife, had done so without
right. He said that he had sold it to
Wilkerson on the installment plan, and
that the latter, never having completed
the payments, had no right to give it
away. He could offer no documentary
evidence in support of his claim, however,
and lost his suit.
Judge Seawell Decides Against Him
in Suit Brought Against Actress
to Recover Jewel.
FANO FAILS TO RECOVER
RING FROM MAUDE AMBER
John J. McCarthy of the Thirty-seventh
District took the platform at this junc
ture and placed Joseph E. O'Donnell in
nomination for temporary chairman. He
spoke as follows:
I have the " extreme pleasure , and honor of
nominating, as I believe, one of the best
Democrats Inr San Francisco. In our district
the Thirty-seventh, we have been demanding
recognition for the past ten years from Demo
crats. The gentleman that I am placing in
nomination to-night will treat all Democrats
as such: he Is a liberal man and a good Dtmo
crat. I .have the extreme pleasure and honor
of placing before you the name of Mr Joseph
B. O'Donnell as chairman of this convention.
When the cheering for O'Donnell had
subsided George E. Gallagher took the
platform, and in seconding the nomina
tion, spoke in part as follows: •
Gentlemen, this thing- is getting entirely too
serious. - think we have got too much tragedy
engendered here this evening. When the gen
tleman who first took the rostrum to call the
meeting to order usurped the right of the grand
old Democratic party he did wrong. We have
a man here who has been accused of bclnjr
asleep at the switch. No, , air: ¦ he - has been
keeping my friends awake, and very much
awake. You might think I have come here to
second Tom Hickey's nomination. Not * so - i
O'DONNELL HAS FRIENDS.
It is with exceeding pleasure' that ! I arise
for the purpose of seconding the nomination
of an esteemed and beloved friend; a young
Democrat, zealous In the cause of Democracy.
This is not entirely a matter of' .personal
friendship with me. I have a knowledge that
the candidate whoso name I am , seconding
possesses all the qualifications necessary for
an ideal chairman, and It is with great pleas
ure that I second the name of my, esteemed
and genial friend Thomas W. Hickey for the
position of temporary chairman of this conven
tion. ' "
At the threshold of our deliberations we are
confronted with the task of selecting a worthy
delegate into whose keeping as presiding of
ficer over the deliberations of this convention
we shall entrust the gavel of parliamentary
command. We are about to confer a high
trust, to elevate one of our number upon the
floor. To govern so diversified a body requires
a man of clear head, good Intellect, powerful
moral resources, high equity and strong will;
a man who can unite with harmonious de
cision and undlscrlminating gentleness and
courtesy all these elements upon this floor, upon
whose deliberations he may be called upon of
ficially to rule. Capability and sternness will
be our criterion. I have come upon this ros
trum to present to your consideration the name
of a man who unites In himself theae quali
fications. I have reference to the gentleman
who now creditably fills the chairman's chair.
It requires no other than the syllabling of th
name of Thomas W. Hickey to excite this as
sembly, to inspire in all its component parts a
thorough sense that In him you have a man
pre-eminently possessed of the attributes neces
sary to govern our deliberations. In addition
he has fairly won the right to this recognition
by previous services. I need not tell you of
his campaigning year after year in this mu
nicipality, for that is already known to you.
I need not tell you of his ready Sacrifice of
time and business interests when called upon
to accompany California's grandest and
noblest Democrat In -a campaign throughout the
State and the heroic service he renderedtin. that
campaign. I am delighted to give you the
name of the able, sterling Democrat from the
Thirtieth Assembly District for chairman' of
this convention, Thomas W. Hickey. (Great
applause.)
"Are there any other nominations?"
asked Hickey.
"Well,, I should say yes," replied a dele
gate in the rear of the hall and. a. loud
shout of merriment arose. Matthew' Brady
of the Fortieth District was recognized,
and- amid cries of "Hoot mon!" he sec
onded the nomination of Thomas W.
Hickey. Brady spoke in part as follows:
I thank the honorable gentleman for the con
fidence that he has placed in my sincerity in
assuring you that I shall not seek any advan
tage in opening this convention. Ab secretary
of the County Committee and a delegate of this
convention. I have a right to open the conven
tion. It Is Indeed a most delicate position, but
I assure you. gentlemen, that I shall conduct
myself the best I know how and as far as I can
under the circumstances. Nominations for
temporary chairman aro In order.
Kelly was recognized and with few in
terruptions spoke as follows:
"This Is a Democratic convention.
(Cries of "You bet," "It is.") And I ask
you to listen a moment to the gentleman
who I presume will be my honorable
opponent."
O'Donnell motioned to Hickey to con
tinue, and Hickey further said:
Hickey then strode forth from the
wings and picked up the heavy hammer
and commenced to batter on the iron
plate, yelling for order at the same time.
Three cheers were given for Hickey and
the opposition came back with three
hearty cheers for O'Donnell. Order was
at last obtained. Hickey called O'Don
nell to the platform, and when Joseph E.
was at his side Hickey spoke as follows:
HICKEY RESTORES ORDER.
He could go no further. His next sen
tence was lost in the clamor against his
speaking. Kelly went through pantomime,
but the more he gesticulated the more the
crowd hooted.
i
"Mr. Chairman and gentlemen of the
convention," said Kelly. "On the thresh
old "
There were more cries for Hickey from
all parts of the hall. In response to them
Hickey ascended the platform. Before he
reached it, however, McDonald started to
resume business. "The first business of
the evening." he yelled, but could not con
tinue further as the jeers, catcalls and
hoots -drowned his voice.
"I declare nominations for chairman in
order," cried McDonald. He recognized
Kelly, who stood beside him, and Kelly
started to speak. O'Donnell clamored for
recognition, but was overlooked. Colonel
Chynski attempted to get O'Donnell rec
ognition by raising his military voice in
command, but failed.
"This convention is not organized!"
cried O'Donnell. "No one has a right on
the floor until the convention is organ
ized."
him to be heard. William M. Cannon of
the Thirty-fifth District tried his voice
and also gave it up as a bad job. Kelly
demanded that the convention proceed
with the regular order. During the up
roar Joe O'Donnell, leader of the minor
ity, took his place alongside William Hoff
Cook and made things uncomfortable for
McDonald. . .
The roll was then called,, amid great
confusion, on the original motion of Put
nam for the appointment of; a committee
of'five, and the motion was'declared car
ried by the following -vote: Ayes, 209;
nqes, 6SV£.
; Mr. Choynski moved a reconsideration
of .the vote, which the convention by viva
voce vote laid on the table,
o Eugene Lacy of the Twenty-eighth Dis
trict moved the appointment of a com
mittee, of seven -'on.' order of business,
which '•i was carried., an amendment • by
-After considerable further discussion a
roll call -was ordered on the' amendment
that, the chair appoint .a committee of
eighteen. During the-roll call many of
the "Horse and Cart" delegates walked
out, amid great confusion, and others, in
cluding whole delegations, refused to vote.
It was given out that the withdrawal was
"for the purpose of consultation," but it
was generally supposed to presage a bolt.
The vote was announced, as follows:
Ayes, 75%; '. noes, 202, and the amendment
was declared lost.
DELEGATES WALK OUT.
De Martini was escorted to the plat
form and thanked the delegates for the
honor in a facetious speech.
Upon motion of Thomas C. Curran of
the Thirty-fifth District the Drinted roll
call of the convention, with the exception
of the two districts where there were
contests, was accepted as the official roll
of the convention. There was a good deal
of discussion over the motion and many
amendments were made to it, but the
chairman was empowered to appoint a
committee of five on contested elections. -
Thomas J. Kennedy of the -Thirty-fourth
District moved that the temporary offi
cers of the convention be made perma
nent and this started another squabble.
The "Horse and Carts" declined to have
this done until permanent organization
had been effected. Chairman Hickey
stood by the programme and' ruled out
all amendments to the motion.
. Osgood Putnam then made the motion
that created an uproar. He moved that
a committee of five be appointed to select
a, Board of Supervisors. George E. Gal
lagher complained that It was a hasty
action and it looked as if an attempt was
made to choke the programme down their
throats. William Hoff Cook also pro
tested asrainst the motion and tried to
amend it by having a committee of
eighteen appointed, one from each district
and no district to have more than one
candidate. Colonel Choynski tried to take
a hand, but was ruled out of order. Gal
lagher thought he had the thing solved
by making a motion -to lay the entire sub
ject matter on the table. This was lost
by a vote of 203 to 134. O'Donnell then
offered as an, amendment to" the amend
ment that a committee of eighteen be
appointed without any quantisations.
Cook accepted the amendment to his
amendment. . *. ,^:;^
Walter J. de Martini and Clarence V.
Clough were placed In nomination for the
position of temporary secretary of the
convention. The vote resulted in the elec
tion of De Martini. The ballot stood: De
Martini,'. 204%;. Clough, 131&.
BE MARTINI IS SECRETARY.
vindal metropolis into that of one of the
great cities of the world. We are coming
into the line of great commercial depots, that
commenced with Babylon and Damascus and
Palmyra In the desert; of great seaport cities
that run in historical succession from Tyre
to Carthage, to Alexandra, to Genoa, to Ven
ice, to London, to Liverpool, to New Tork.
Opportunity is knocking at the Golden Gate.
The progress of empire is about to make the
Pacific Ocean the theater of commerce in the
century upon which we are now entering. We
here shall live to see our harbor crowded with
the merchant navies of the seven seas.
WANTS HONEST CANDIDATES.
Honesty and fitness are the two main quali
ties that the people demand m municipal of
ficers. Through a course of events in which
all of us have borne a part, I am proud to
assert, the people of San Francisco have come
to look to the Democratic party alone for
honest and fit candidates for public office. The
people know that the Republican, party organiz
ation In this city is a marionette owned and
controlled and operated by the astute chief o
the Southern Pacific Railroad and managed
for the benefit of corporations and politicians.
The people know, too, that the so-called labor
party, as to-day constituted, has been be
trayed into the hands of Republican politicians
by false leaders and Is now part and parcel of
the Republican organization. That Republican
organization Is seeking to employ the so-called
Labor party to divide Democratic strength by
drawing worklngmen away from the Demo
cratic party, which stands for all that they
stand for. There Is nothing: in common be
tween the worklngmen and the Republican
party. There is much In common between the
worklngmen and the Democratic party. And
I am convinced that the workingmen of this
city have already seen the truth and that they
will- not put their trust in men who are Re
publicans in disguise and who will lead them
into a blind path and betray them.
The people, as I have said, look to this con
vention to give them honest and fit candi
dates. We are in a peculiarly fortunate and
gratifying position. The Democratic party of
this city has proved Its claim to the respect
and confidence of that largo majority of the
citizens who wish to elect good and true men
to public office and who lnvaris*-"-- vote rlcht
when they are not deceived. The Democratic
party gave this city the best administration,
the strongest, cleanest, most enlightened Board
of Sunervlsors It ever had, an administration
that shines out between what went before and
what came after as a bright stretch shines in
a dark roadway.
Nomination of a man by this convention
meens to the public that he Is a fit and worthy
man. Let us see to it that the candidates
•we shall nominate are fit and worthy men, for
the people rely on this convention to give them
light and leading and to take measures for the
safety of the city, and It is a sacred trust.
The approaching campaign shall be a fight
for the city.. Clean government, an inviolate
charter, honest administration of the city go\r
eminent, the ousting. of spoilsmen, the eco
nomical expenditure of public money, the res
toration of that fine civic spirit that char
acterized the last Democratic administration
these shall be our shibboleths. And in this
fight for the city we claim, and shall obtain,
the adherence and support for our candidates
not only of all Democrats, but of all citizens
of whatever kind that wish to, see right done,
wrong routed and the city redeemed from the
spoiler. Once again, my fellow delegates, I
thank you.
Forty-ftfth Assembly District — Joseph L. Va
lcnte Walter J. de Martini. Thomas Foley,
David Capurro. P. Paul Vlauttn. Mario Forno,
Fred C. Boden. Harry C. Slmi. William Or
telli George Seekamp. Gustave A. Trost.
Giovanni Bacigalupi. Daniel Sullivan. Michael
T. Rellly. Henry Leo Glmmel, Frederick *O.
Robinson William G. Antonovich. Thomas W.
Davies, John H. Tracy. Walter Pilklnjfton.
Joseph Lavln, Frederick Cassassa, Frank
Griffen.
Thirty-fourth Assembly District— John P.
Fennell. Thomas J. Kennedy. James J. Man
ning. Patrick Kilday. Dennig Barry. Thomas
J Egan William E. Dubols, John E. Sulli
van James Hore, William Reedy, Eustice Cul
llnan, Edward •CafTerj'. James A. Cotter.
Thomas Stanton, Michael Elattery. Dr. II. D.
Fanning. James Curtin, Charles E. Tallmadge.
Thirty-fifth Assembly District — William A.
Kelly John E. O'Brien. Oliver J. Olson. Emile
Luttringer, Charles E. Jones. P. A. Clifford,
Joseph M. dimming. John Moran, Frank B.
O'Reilly. Harry Van Bergen. F.. A. Lawler.
T E. Curran. William H. McCarthy. Frederick
A Grazer, John F. Byrne, William M. Can
non. A. J. Ranken, E. J. ORourke
Thirty-sixth Assembly District —^V iUIam D.
Hynes John H. Mullen Patrick McDonough.
John J. Sheehan, James McMahon. I. Daniel
witz Frank Corbett, John E. Hamill. Patrick
Hieglns, A. Phillips, James Neely. Mark A.
McCann. G. L. Olds. R. P. Doolan. L. Kerwin.
John Bovey. Warren Tyson. Joseph McLaugn
lin. John Sullivan. Edward P. Casserly. James
Thirty-seventh Assembly District— Joseph E.
O'Donnell. Frank G. Drury. James A. Klnkade.
Dr Joseph Carew. Edward F. Franks. Jamps
P 'Dockery. Alexander McCabe. William G.
Burke Nicholas Nolan. John H. Kelly. John
D Naele Edward Leopold. George White. John
F" Tracy John J. McCarthy. Jeremiah II.
Dillon John F. Crummey, James J. Flinn, I.
D Klopstock. Charles E. McAuliffe.
Thirty-eighth Assembly District— Bert Schles
lneer George E. Gallagher, William L. Daws,
William Ahern. John A. Donnelly. Thomas
Mulcahy Charles S. Peery. John H. McGin
ney H. Simmons. Henry Stamper. John F.
O'Keefe Clarence V. Clough. S. J. Kaminskl.
Matthew O'Brien Leon Wand. James O'Cbn
nell. Frank Zacharias, John T. Vinal. E. J.
Regan
Thirty-ninth Assembly District — Livinsrston
Jenks Thomas MeHutrh. Harry C. Wilber.
Michael J Lynch Alfred W. TVehe. Joseph F.
Farrell Anthony T. Lavelle. William P. Price.
James - J. Greely. Patrick F. Lynott. William
Condon. William H. Cook. Patrick H. Cullen,
James P. Quigley.
Fortieth Assembly District — Matthew Brady.
William Rms. T. E. Pawlickl. William Mc-
Goldrick. Edward Kenny. P. B. Morrlsey.
Morris Harris Patrick Lyons. Harry Vernon.
John P. Murphy Jeremiah J. Hurley. David
Augustus White, M. L. Choynski, Sidney M.
Van Wyck Jr. ¦_ „
Forty-first Assembly District — Daniel T. Ha
ley James W. Rellly John A.- Scott. Charles
McCarthy. William Kelly. Daniel Shea. Ed
ward F O'Connor. Joseph E. Derham. Peter
McDonough. John J. Quinn. Frank Colllpan,
Henry Anderson. D. J. Sullivan. Ernest N'uh
renberg.
Forty-second Assembly District— T>. Mahoney.
W F Wedemeyer Joseph W. Cooney. John
M* Burnett S. Goldstor.e. D. J. A. O'Keefe,
Joseph Slye John Toomey. D. J. Cullen. Fred
Schutte, Joseph B. Kennedy. Fred P. Wehe.
Francis B. Kane, Albert P. Wheelan. Carl
Weaterfeld F. J. Franey. Edward Lydon,
Charles P*. Medau. C. H. Skldmore. P. J.
Mogan.
Forty-third Assembly District — Frank . Mc-
Cusker Charles A. Bantel. Herbert Cboynskl,
John J Gleason. David C. Bole, Joseph P.
Flaherty John H. Murray, Harry Leary,
James Smithson Edward J. Scully. P. H. Mc-
Carthy, John F. Cunningham. Georsre J. Gon
calves Louis Hlrseh, Charles H. Dodge. Jo
seph T. O'Connor.
Forty-fourth Assembly District — George Kel
ley. Thomas Chandler. J. H. Wheatfleld J.
tl Sims. Thomas J. Pindar. Oscar Johnson.
Samuel L. Lupton. J. T. Murphy. Frank For
ca->. P. J. Walsh.' William M. Cubery, Bert
Boliomly. E. J. Foster. OsRood Putnam. Sam
Regensbu'rger. George DahlbentJer, Daniel- Sut
ter. Frank Carlton.
Twenty-ninth Assembly District— John J.
Sweeney, Lawrence Brannan. John Drlacoll, A.
Solomon, J. Desmond, J. J. Crowley, J. W.
Donovan, William M. Pratt. W. Parry. R-
Rush. P. F. Haller. Frank Shannon, Thomas
F. Horan, James Creegan. Ben Selig, Frank
Jennings, John Feehan. Frank Kenny. James
Creighton, John Faulkner, W. J. Barry. Thomas
J. Lynch, J. W. Fitzpatrlck, Robert Gough. P.
H. Gallagher.
Thirtieth Assembly District — John F. Renault.
Thomas W. Hickey, K. P. Enrtght. John J.
Tomalty, Alfred ¦ Eichler, Eugene Fitzgerald.
Denis J. Oliver. Timothy Sullivan. Hugh Me-
Loughlin, John T. Shine. Edward Hannan. Ted
Sullivan, Isaac Oppenheimer, Nicholas J.
Morrisey, Hamilton H. Plant. Michael Dillon.
Lewis Ficken. Robert Boyri, Edward Twomey.
James C. Gibson, James H. Kennedy. George
Sand. Florence Driscoll. Edward McKewen,
Edward Kelly, Patrick Madden.
Thirty-first Assembly District — T,homas F.
Gavan, David W. Atkinson, James Derby,
James M. Hanley. Frank Dalmaa, James
Mooney, Hermann Zimmerman, Otto Olsen.
William R. O'Leary, Thomas Floyd, Henry
Goecken, Thomas Casey, Thomas F. Alford.
Frank Dougherty. William J. Fallon, James
N. Dunninp. Michael Toohiff. Thomas F. Barry.
John H. O'Brien, D. J. Lally, Frank Creem,
John Considlne Jr., George W. Schneider.
Thirty-second Assembly District — Arthur E.
Curtis, James Benn, James J. Donovan. Charles
Dugan. Patrick Doyle, Patrick J. Finnegan,
John B. Ford, Peter J. HasEerty, Daniel D.
Harrington, Maurice P. Healy. J. F. Johnson.
John A. Keefe. John P. Lynch. John P. Mc-
Donougta, John B. Ryan. Daniel Riordan, Eu
gene D. Sullivan, William J. Toner. Thomas T.
Thornton, Daniel Williamson, Joseph Ward.
George F. Welch.
Thirty-third Assembly District — Thomas
Brennan, Florella H. Cavagnaro. Timothy R.
Coakley. Lawrence J. Dolan. Thomas R. Dunn,
Louis Ferrari. Peter Hushes. James Kelly.
Michael Klernan, John P. McArdle. Thomas
F. Murphy, John Sermattel, Robert S. Shep
ston. Joseph B. VIzzard. H. E. Winkler, Jchn
G. Whltehurst.
Twenty-eighth Assembly District — Eugene F.
Lacy, Georgre W. Murray, Michael Heaney,
John Kane, William Jchnston-Renwick, Ri
naldo Russell, James W. Garrlgan, Patrick
Farley. William J. Bourke. James Sullivan,
Louis Auguste Valentine. George Patrick Han.
nan, Terrence CVBrien. John J. Corbett, John
E. McCarthy, Michal* J. Brown. Edward Cos
grove, J. W. Carroll. Charles Alfred Nelson.
their votes always won. Very
few delegates were absent when the con
vention was called to order. Both fac
tions were ready for an exciting session
and they were not disappointed. McNab
had more than 250 delegates and the
"Horse and Carts" were represented by
133 delegates.
Following is the official roll call of the
convention:
THERE were sufficient delegates
in control of Gavin McNab to do
his bidding, and, despite the oppo
sition of the "Horse and Carts,"
William A. Kelly, a young man who at
one time won renown in League of the
Cross essay contests, took the platform
and was recognized by McDonald. The
noise was too great and Kelly gave up
his intention of speaking before going half
way. Kelly attempted to make a motion,
but the opposition was too strong for
"I ask that the secretary of this county
committee call this convention to order,"
yelled a delegate. There were cries for
Thomas W. Hickey. Amid the yells Colo
nel Herbert Choynski of the Forty-third
District, who has but half a vote In the
convention, but possesses a full voice,
yelled: "Why can't some one else call this
convention to order? There are other
chairmen here. It does not matter wheth
er the chairman comes from Golden Gate
Park or South Park.'.'
CRIES- FOR HICKEY.
Cries of "Sit down," "Throw him out,"
"Good boy" and similar remarks filled
the air.
Amid more hoots McDonald announced
that none but delegates should be in their
seats. This was the cue for Cook, who
bawled out: "If none but delegates are
allowed in these seats, no one but a dele
gate should be in that seat." There were
shouts of approval from the "Horse and
Carts" and groans from the McNab con
tingent.
"You're out of order," replied McDon
ald.
"I appeal to this convention."
"The law says this convention can only
be organized by delegates," reiterated
Cook.
"Gentlemen," yelled one lusty lunged
delegate, "is this convention composed of
human beings or a crowd of savages?"
"Sit down," replied a fellow delegate,
and the ioud voiced man subsided.
Then there was an uproar. McDonald
was a candidate on McNab's ticket in
the Forty-second District, but the ticket
was defeated by D. I. Mahoney's ticket.
The "Horse and Carts" . were opposed to
McDonald because they believed him to
be a McNab man and they precipitated a
fight at the vsrv outset.
McDonald tried to be heard above the
noise, but his voice • was lost amid the
hoots, yells and applause from both fac
tions. The spectators in' the gallery and
lobby helped swell the noise and the hall
was filled with sound.
"It is my duty to call this convention
to order," McDonald feebly called. •
Mr. McDonald paused for breath, and
before he could continue William Hoff
Cook of the Thirty-ninth Assembly Dis
trict strode toward the platform and made
himself heard above the din. "On behalf
of the delegates of the Thirty-ninth Dis
trict." he yelled, "we object to anybody
•calling this convention to order who is
not a delegate to this convention."
"Gentlemen." yelled McDonald, "as
chairman of the Democratic County Com
mittee of the city and county of San
Francisco, It is my duty to call this as
sembly to order. Delegates will please
take their seats." . ,
M. Jasper McDonald, chairman of the
Democratic County Committee, attempted
to call the convention to order at 8:45
p. m., but the roar of opposition almost
took him off his feet. He had uttered
but a few sentences when the noise gen
erated by the "Horse and Carts" began.
These rulings enraged the minority dele
gates, who seemed to- plead in good faith
that contests should be determined, prin
ciples b.e enunciated and an order of
business be established before the con
vention went ahead with the work of se
lecting Supervisors. Mr. Cook's motion
was voted down. When efforts failed to
obtain from the majority any concession
in the direction of Increasing the number
of the committee on Supervisors, the
Thirty-sixth, Thirty-seventh, Thirty
eighth and Thirty-ninth District dele
gates walked out. Several delegates from
the Fortieth, Forty-first, Forty-second
and Forty-third districts joined the insur
gents. Gavin McNab, who was seated
near one of the revolting delegations, ob
served the departure, but did not alter
the programme. Several delegates who
did not walk out refused to vote.
The executive committee of the 134 mi
nority delegates will meet this forenoon to
determine what action shall be taken. It
Is understood that the convention will
assemble again Wednesday or Thursday
Evening of this week. Meanwhile an olive
branch may be extended to the seceders,
but the signs of harmony are dim and dis
tant. There was open talk on the floor of
the convention that the rawness of the
McNab programme would enable the Re
publicans to win in a walk this year.
UPBOAE BEGINS.
Minority delegates protested against the
rawness of the programme and the haste
of the programmers, scenes of tumult
and confusion followed fast. Chairman
Hickey. apprehending that many motions
were made to "diBturb the harmony" of
the convention, ruled the motions out of
order.
THE MINORITY PROTESTS.
of Gavin McNab's programme,
and there was scarcely a lull in the tu
mult until the adjournment at 11 o'clock.
M. Jasper McDonald, chairman of the
Democratic County Committee, was de
nied the time-honored privilege of calllifg
the convention to order on the pretext
that he was not. a delegate. Toe real op
position to his presence on the platform
sprang from the knowledge that he was
in sympathy with the McNab faction of
the party. He faced the storm for a con
siderable time, but perceiving that the.
minority delegates, whose capacity for
creating confusion was boundless, would
not listen to a word uttered by him, sur
rendered the gavel to another and retired
from the stage. The retirement of the
veteran in the ser%-ice of the party was
as graceful and dignified as it possibly
could have been under the peculiar cir
cumstances. Some of the protesting dele
gates noted the pathetic side of the sur
render, but did not relent.
Thomas "W. Hickey, who was slated for
chairman immediately after the victory
of the regular forces at the primary elec
tion on August 11, was fairly enough
chosen on the roll call. His opponent
gracefully moved to make Mr. Hickey's
choice unanimous. The convention acqui
esced. The chairman made a speech
full of fine phrases and for a minute or
two aftpr the close of his remarks there
were sisns of harmony.
The deft hand of the power behind the
chairman's little throne was revealed
when Osgood Putnam came forward with
a proposition to give a little clique of
seven delegates power to select and rec
ommend eighteen candidates for the
Board of Supervisors. William H. Cook,
pleading for fair play and home rule rec
ognition, moved that a committee of
eighteen be appointed, one from each As
sembly district, and that no district should
have two candidates on the Democratic
ticket for the board.
THE Democratic Municipal Con
vention at Native Sons' Hall last
night opened with a storm of re
monstrance against the execution
Armstrong was placed under arrest by
Sergeant Campbell and charged at the
City Prison with battery. He was re
leased on $20 bail. From the testimony of
eye witnesses he was not to blame for the
unfortunate occurrence.
Ferguson lived with his brother, WT3
liam Ferguson, a policeman, at 264 Fran
cisco street. The latter was notified by
Dr. Cross and spent the night at his
brother's bedside.
Sergeant Campbell of the North End
station was standing on the corner when
Ferguson ran in front of the car. Ha
shouted to him and rushed forward to
drag him from the track, but was too
late. The gripman, Robert L. Armstrong,
clanged his bell vigorously in time to
warn the unfortunate man of his danger,
but the latter seemed dazed and unable
to save himself. "
John Ferguson, a letter carrier about
SO years of age, wa3 struck by a west-"
bound California-street car at 9:30 o'clock^
last night and fatally injured. He was
picked up in an unconscious condition and
carried to the office of Dr. Charles V.I
Cress, where everything possible was
done for him, but It Is not thought ha
can survive many hours. He received a
severe concussion and a possible fracture*
of the skull.
Ferguson, together with another letter
carrier named Marks, had determined to
come downtown. They stood on the south
west corner of California and Fillmore
streets debating whether to take the Cali
fornia or Sacramento street car. Finally
Marks started alone in the direction of
Sacramento street and Ferguson ran Into
the street and turned with the evident in
tention of catching the eastbound car
on California street, which was approach
ing. Ha failed to notice the westbound
car, which came down the hill with con
siderable speed. He appeared to bo al
most In the center of the track when the
car struck him. He was knocked down
and dragged a foot or two, but the car
came to almost an immediate stop. When
he wa3 picked up he was bleeding pro
fusely from, wounds in the head, but
showed no other injuries.
The captain has a room at the Baldwin
Annex and retired at 8 o'clock Sunday
night. He turned oft the gas, as he
thought, quite securely, but when he
awoke early in the morring found him
self struggling for breath and unable to
move or call for aid. At T o'clock in tho
morning- E. J. Baldwin, v/ho the previous
day had arrived at the Annex, left his
room end, detecting a strong odor of gas,
gave the alarm and had Mrs. John Krel
lir.g, who has charge of the apartments,
called. They broke open the captain's
room and found him lying unconscious on
the bed while the room was filled with
gas, the only outlet for It being through
the cj>en transom.
Mrs. Krelling wasted no time, but threw
©pen the folding doors leading to another
room and opened all the windows. She
and those she called to her aid, together
with Baldwin, used artificial means to re
etore Captain Brooks, whose «ondition at
that time was desperate. Dr. Bunnell in
the meantime had been summoned and
also worked on the sufferer until he re
gained consciousness. An examination of
the chandelier and fixtures developed the
fact that the attachment was imperfect,
which accounts for the accident.
Captain James Brooks, who for many
years was connected with the Sausalito
ferryboat service and who some time ago
retired to accept a less onerous position
with the North Shore Railroad Company,
was miraculously saved from death by as
phyxiation yesterday morning.
Captain James Brooks Has
Miraculous Escape
From Death.
Programme Is Put
Through by
McNab.
Eye- Witnesses Exonerate the
Gripman Prom Blame for
Accident.
Factions Struggle
for Control
of Party.
Finds Gas Escaping
From Bedroom and
Gives Alarm.
Thomas W. Hickey
Is Selected
Chairman.
John Ferguson, a Letter
Carrier, Receives Fa
tal Id juries.
Initial Session Is
Marked by
Disorder.
STRUCK BY CAR
AND WILL DIE
"LUCKY" BALDWIN
SAVES A LIFE
"HORSE AND CARTS" BOLT THE DEMOCRATIC
CONVENTION AS A PROTEST TO PROGRAMME
. .¦ ¦ ¦ / ¦ ¦ - ¦
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 1903. \
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SGRATGHrSGRATGH!!
Four f1tn Completely Cured of as
Itching Rash by Cuticura.
TOTAL COST S2.25.
•• I take pleasure in letting you know
how much Cuticura Remedies have done
for me and my father, aud two broth-
ers. In the fall of *95 I began to be
afflicted with an itching rash under my
chin. It kept spreading until it was
all over my body. I could not sleep, but
was compelled to lie awake and scratch
all the time. My father and two broth-
ers were afflicted with the same thing
at the same time. We all suffered ter-
ribly for a year and a half, trying in the
mean time all the remedies we could
find, but received no benefit. I hap-
pened to see Cuticura Remedies adver-
tised and how they bad cured others
from itching skin diseases, and we
thought we would try them. I bought
three cakes of Cuticura Soap and three
boxes of Cuticura Ointment and they
cured the four of us completely. Any
person doubting the truth of this state-
ment can write me." ;
Richard Anderson,
Feb. 22, 1898. Genera, UtaiL
CURES PERMANENT.
Mr. Anderson writes, Feb. 25 ,1903,
That Disease Has Not
Returned.
• • • I am glad to write and let you know
that your Cuticura Remedies cured us
and the disease has not returned, and
we all praise the Cuticura Remedies
aud would be glad to have you nse our
names. Would be willing to answer
any letters from any person wishing to
know about these Remedies."
Cuticura Ointment Is beyond question
the most successful curative for tortur-
ing, disfiguring humours of the skin
and scalp, including loss of hair, ever
compounded, in proof of which a slnzle
anointing preceded by a hot bath wita
Caticura Soap, and followed in tho
severer cases, by a dose of Cuticura
Resolvent, Is /often sufficient to afford
immediate relief in the most distressing
.forms of itching, burning and scaly
I humours, permit rest and sleep, and
point to a speedy cure when all other
remedies fail.
' Sold thretfhont th» w«Wt CnUenTm lUtclwit. tm.
(!¦ terra of Chocoi«U Coated HI!., Ma. o«r »1al of m\
ho.MM.1 r«ri». i J.« do I» f oi* : Boston. Iff Coluoibo.
7* ratttTDnt * Ch«m. Cot?.. Solo Pn>i>rt.t«r».
af 9*ad for " ilov to Can 4kU Tartun*.- etc
_ » ¦ '¦
CUTLERy
EVERYlBLAIEASARRAhlTEDr
Coal Reduction
2000 Pounds
Put in Your Bin
AMERICAN GANNEL $10
Sold by All Eellabla Dealer*. .
i