SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1903.
PRICE FITE CENTS.
POSTAL INVESTIGATION RESULTS IN INDICTMENT
AND THE DISMISSAL OF EX-INSPECTOR J. W. ERWIN
TRAVELERS NEED NO LONGER
FEAR HONOLULU INSPECTION
rH E: indictment. \.re-.
turned^agaiiist James
W. Erwin, assistant superin
tendent of the free 'delivery
system in this city,' charges
him zvith conspiracy to- de
fraud the United States by
using undue influence to se
cure ''the by the
Postofficc Department of a
patented device for announc
ing the time of 'the next
mail collection.
The Indictment
Erwin' s Reply.
ii tfO say that 'I am sur
". -J> -'prisedbcyond meas
ure expresses it mildly.
Knmving my complete inno
cence. I have never for a mo
ment' considered the possi
bility of such action. I have
had no opportunity to con
sult zvith friends or to secure
legal advice, and so must be
excused from making any
statement in connection zvith
the case"
Commander's Start for His Dash for.
North Pole Will Be Made
t . on July 1.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 11.— Orders grant
ing three years' leave of absence to Com
mander Peary of. the . navy, beginning
April 1 next, were issued to-day. ,* He • is
nowon duty at the \Bureau of Yards and
Docks.' Ha will ' start ' for bis dash • for
the north pole July 1 next." " ;;¦ .-•:; '
ORDERS ISSUED GIVING
PEARY LEAVE OF ABSENCE
A South Sea lifeboat went out to a dis
tressed bark off Weymouth. There were
no signs of life on, the , vessel and it is
supposed that her crew was drowned.
A Lloyds dispatch from Cowes, Isle of
Wight, reports that the American steam
yacht Enchantress was badly damaged in
the English Channel.
The breakwater of the new harbor in
course of construction at Dover has been
entirely swept away, Involving a loss of
many thousands of pounds sterling. The
channel steamers from France arrived
late this morning after perilously rid
ing out the storm for .six or seven hours.
Many lifeboat rescues were made and
several fatalities and many accidents
were recorded. Much wreckage is being
washed up all around the coast.
From Dungeness It is reported that a
Ketches crew, numbering eight men,
were all drowned.
At South Sea several bodies have, been
washed up. Poole, Whltestable and Ports
mouth all report wrecks and fatalities.
A derelict yacht has been towed into
Portsmouth. The fate of her crew is not
known.
Much damage has been done at Bath
and Hastings.
A vessel Is in distress off the Goodwin
Sands, where the lightship is adrift.
The lifeboats have been busy all along
the coast. The hop crops have suffered
great damage."
For some time telegraphic communica
tion was completely stopped and the land
lines are still In terrible shape. The tel
egraph companies report that the wires
and poles are down everywhere. Great
numbers of fine trees in the parks of Lon
don and other cities were torn uji by the
roots or stripped of their branches, and
the list of minor damages and casualties
Is amazing. In adUltion to the deaths
from' drowning reports from Inland give
many fatalities resulting from various
causes Incident to the storm.
Dispatches from France and Germany
indicate that widespread damage has been
caused by the storm on sea and land.
Telephone communication between Lon
don and Paris had not yet been restored
and there is much delay In telegraphic
dispatches owing">to the damage to the
continental land lines.
The suburbs of the metropolis are lit
tered with trees and branches which have
been blown down. The tents of the First
Army Corps, which was under canvas
preparatory to taking part in the maneu
vers, were almost blown to pieces. It
is possible that the whole force may be
recalled from Aldershot.
BREAKWATER DESTROYED.
TELEGRAPH LINES DOWN.
All the coast towns suffered more or
less, and the agricultural sections In the
Interior report Incalculable damage, ow
ing, to the late harvest. The beautiful
hop gardens of Kent have been ' ruined
and in many places the valleys of the
Thames and the Severn , are submerged,
quantities of sheep and cattle being
drowned.
LONDON, Sept. 13.— Stories of disasters
caused by Thursday's storm occupy col
umns of the morning papers. More than
fifty lives were lost and some sixty
wrecks are reported. Damage In this line
alone will amount to thousands of pounds
sterling. An enormous number of tele
graph and telephone wires are still down
throughout the United Kingdom.
While the details of the havoc wrought
by the storm are necessarily incomplete
reports come In from all parts of the
United Kingdom showing that the devas
tation was general. All sorts of vessels
were caught In the gale and many found
ered, several with their entire crews. A
great number cf minor craft is believed
to be lost and the bodies washing ashore
continue' to swell the terrible list of
fatalities.
;The gale sprang up with sudden fury
from the southwest, aiid the,. wind' blew
with a velocity, at .times, reaching fifty
miles an hojjr, ian^htetSSftUni'tfcJ several
hours^ v, -,-\ . >'" /. ¦'¦ -¦¦•**•. ¦ '-'* V^'s- -:« •¦'¦.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Bodies Washing Ashore Con
tinue to Swell List of
Fatalities.
Coast Towns and Agri
cultural Districts
Suffer.
Storm's Ruin Over
Great Britain
General
SIXTY SHIPS
LOST, FIFTY
LIVES GO OUT
Continued on Page 2, Column 5.
But until It reaches a position in which
its-character and future, course can be
definitely discovered the commanders of
vessels sailing now to the southward will
be cautioned. Thus far no shipwrecks are
reported off our coast.
But the northwestward advance of the
storm which was indicated on Thursday
night' and even this morning has been
temporarily, retarded. Over the ocean
area from the Carolina and Georgia
coasts eastward to the meridian of Ber
muda, as to-night's reports show, the
barometeric' pressures were rather
strengthened* than weakened" and conse
quently the cyclone cannot at once over
come this bank of high pressure in its
effort and directly recurve toward Cape
Hatteras. It will therefore have to wait un
til this aerial obstruction in. its path is re
moved before the track to the northward
is cleared, and the storm may lose some
of its present energy and possibly It may
be diverted from its original northwester
ly course.
As its front impurged on the western
margin of the gulf stream a northeast
wind at Jupiter (on the Southeast Florida
coast) rose in the morning to a velocity
of thirty-two miles an hour and presum
ably continued to rise all day, though un
fortunately no telegraphic report 'could
be obtained from that important station
at New York, which apparently indicates
that the telegraphic wires on the adjacent
Florida coast were carried away by the
storm. It therefore appeared necessary
to extend the - storm warnings as far
north as Charleston.
NEW YORK, Sept. 11.— Although still
making violent movements of its vortex
in the vicinity of Nassau, the West In
dian cyclone which stealthily reached the
Bahamas on Thursday, apparently in
creased in intensity to-day and main
tained, though very slowly, its approach
to our shores. -
Special Dispatch' to The Cail.
Mariners Warned
Off Florida's
Coast.
A large number of distinguished of
ficials met Assistant Secretary Arm
strong. Including Colonel John P. Irish,
Naval Officer of the Port; Chauncey St.
John, Deputy Surveyor of the Port; Spe
cial Agent George E. Channlng of the
treasury and many heads of departments.
Dr. Rupert Blue of the Marine Hospital
presented the physicians under his charge
and was complimented by Assistant Sec
retary Armstrong on his efficient work in
cleansing Chinatown.
After some little time had been spent
in meeting officials, the Assistant Secre
tary of the Treasury settled down to
work. The conference was executive, and
those who took part in It were John D.
Spreckels of the Oceanic Steamship Com
pany, R. P. Scbwerln of the Pacific Mail
Company, W. H. Ayery of the Toyo KlBen
Kalsha Company, Collector of the Port
of Honolulu E. R. Stackable, Surveyor
ness for two days and I expect to learn
many things that will be of great value to
me when I return to Washington. Neither
Collector Stranahan of New York nor
Assistant Treasurer Fish of that city is
here on business. They are spending
their vacation and will not take part with
me in any investigations I shall make.
"The question as to the manner of ex
amination of baggage of passengers; com
ing from the Orient, via Honolulu, to San
Francisco, is the principal reason of my
visit to this city. It Is the earnest hope
of the Secretary of the Treasury that as
little inconvenience to passengers as pos
sible be caused, but at the same time due
vigilance must be exercised to protect the
revenues of the Government. I am not
going to hold an investigation, but sim
ply a conference, and we hope to arrive at
a conclusion that will be satisfactory to
all parties concerned." •
BECEIVED AT CUSTOM-HOUSE.
At 11 o'clock yesterday morning Assist
ant Secretary Armstrong was' the cyno
sure of all eyes »t the* Custom-house. On
his arrival at the Federal building,
escorted bju Acting Collector Hamilton
and Surveyor. of the Port Spear, the dis
tinguished Washington official was con
ducted to the rooms of the Collector of
the Port. Colonel Stratton being unable
to be present owing to illness, the honors
were done by Hamilton. ,
In speaking of his visit to San Fran
cisco, the Assistant Secretary said:
"I am on my vacation trip v and this Is
try first journey to California. I am tak
ing the opportunity to familiarise myself
with the many details of the customs ser
vice on* this coast bo that I shall be in a
better position to handle various matters
&¦ they come before zne in the future.
"I ma colas to devote myself to busi-
SEEKS MUCH INFORMATION.
When the Portland express arrived at
Oakland mole yesterday morning it car
ried the private car of President Fish of
the Illinois Central Railroad Company, in
which Hamilton Fish. Assistant United
States Treasurer, of New York, had
crossed the continent; His guests were
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury Ann
strong, Collector of the Port of New York
N. N. Stranahan. Hamilton Fish Jr. and
George Parsons Jr.
The distinguished visitors were met on
their arrival by Acting Collector W. B.
Hamilton and Colonel J. Spear, Surveyor
of the Port.
The party of visitors proceeded to the
Palace Hotel, where quarters had been
reserved for them, and Assistant Secre
tary of the Treasury Armstrong was
greeted by many Federal officials.
rival had oorfcrred with a num
ber cf prominent Federal and steamship
officials and Fettled the vexed question as
to how the baggage of passengers from
the Orient and Hawaii should be ex
amined. The complaints of travelers and
transportation companies regarding a re
cently adopted but temporarily suspend
ed system of baggage examination at
Honolulu have been heeded and the
grievance removed.
Many complaints have been made as to
the examination of baggage at Honolulu
and an order from the Secretary* of the
Treasury mat all baggage on Oriental
Fteamships should be examined at Hono
lulu and not on arrival in San Francisco
caused no end of complications.
The crfier was suspended a few days
ago, but Collector Stackable of the Port
of Honolulu came on to San Francisco
In order to meet Assistant Secretary Arm
titrong and urge Kls eide of the question.
FIRST ASSISTANT SECRE
TARY OF THE TREASURY
ROBERT B. ARMSTRONG ar
rived in the city yesterday and
within forty minutes of his ar-
Treasury Officials Find Way to Administer Customs
Laws Without Annoyance to Passengers.
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY. COLLECTOR OF THE
PORT AT HONOLULU. AND PROMINENT LOCAL CUSTOMS OFFI
CIALS, WHO HELD AN IMPORTANT CONFERENCE IN THIS CITY.
SEA TEMPEST
WHIRLS NEAR
OUR SHORES
Continued on Paje . 2, Column 1. '
Continued on Page 2, Column 3.
" Continued on Page 3, Column 1,
The Fielding was about twelve miles
distant from the Island of Gonalves when
the boat was sighted. Captain King, who
wa3 In command, took a long survey of
the object through his binoculars, and
When nearlns Port au Prince on her
outward voyage the Fielding ran near a
dark object bobbing over the seas. and.
heading for it. found it to be an over
turned small schooner, with seven men
and a woman clinging to it and striving
with the little strength that was left la
them to hold on to Its slippery bottom.
How they managed to do so is a mira
cle. The coasting schooner to which they
belonged had struck a rock, had partly
filled and then suddenly "turned turtle."
The crew of seventeen persons had all
managed to get upon the bottom of the
overturned craft. There ensued days of
starvation and thirst, in which nine of
the seventeen died, and then on the fifth
day came -the thrilling rescue of eight
survivors.
PROVIDENCE, R. I., Sept. 1L— One of
the most grewsome of sea tragedies was
told to-day when the schooner W. S.
Fielding reached port from West Indian
waters.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Schooner Rescues
Starving Woman
and Men.
'"I am' glad that the officers of the
Postofflce Department, with which I have
been, connected for more- than sixteen
years, still * have sufficient confidence in
me to make" public the fact of my indict
ment before the papers could be served
on me. .They are correct In assuming
that I wilf be found when wanted.
"I have had; no opportunity to consult
OrnfAL. CONSIDERATION.
Sept. ll.-James W.
, »^r Erwin. returned to his home at
' Jl '.^ 2628 Benvenue avenue this even-
• ing after a week's stay with his
• .'family at Capitola. He saiil he
had received no official advice concerning
his indictment and dismissal from the
service.
"I don't know what to think about it
all..- It is terrible to blast a man's name in
this way without a hearing. I do not
know what I am accused of and as for
being dismissed from the service I cannot
believe such a thing is possible except
that such work has been done because of
the recent trouble in the department
"I" am very tired and have been sick
with Ptomaine poisoning for a week and
have just arrived at home, but I have
started here to write a statement and
without knowing how it sounds 1 wish
you would run it as it Is."
-Erwin then furnished the following
statement written by himself:
" "I have iust returned Thome after a
week's absence and the only knowledge
I have that an indictment has been re
turned against me for conspiring to de
fraud the United States Government is
derived from the ! newspapers. To. say
that I am surprised beyond measure ex
presses it mildly. Knowing my complete
innocence, I- have never for a moment
considered the possibility of such action.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Daniel S. ' Richardson, ¦ president of the
California company, came to 'Washington
accompanied by Erwin to introduce , the
device. Erwin was then serving as post
office inspector. He introduced Richard
son to Beavers, Machen, -Heath and
others at the department. , Jne thousand
shares of the company's* stock are said
to have been distributed to the 'Postofflce
Department employes, who took' it under
assumed names. \ , ¦ .. v ¦ ¦' ¦:
INTRODUCES RICHARDSON.
Sensational statements concerning the
connection of former Assistant Postmas
ter General Heath with the Postal Device
and Improvement Company of San Fran
cisco are made in the testimony submitted
to the, Grand Jury within the last few
weeks. One thousand shares of stock of
the San Francisco company, are alleged
to have been distributed among postofflce
officials to obtain the; adoption by the
department of the device • for registering
on letter boxes the time or the next mail
collection. •¦'¦ . • ¦¦'¦¦¦s*i\\.
¦ '•. "Washington Grand- Jury, last
Tuesday and made public, by 1 fstrict At
torney Morgan H. Beach to-day. Six per
sons In all were Indicted: .Additional In
dictments ,were returned against George
W. Beavers, superintendent of division of
salaries and allowances, and against Au
gust W. Machen, \ former superintendent
of free delivery. .The new names are: j
James W. Erwin of California, "former
postofflce inspector; Isaac S. McGlehan of
New York, George H. Huntlngton of New
York, Eugene W.' Sheble of Toledo,. Ohio.
Postmaster General Payne has forwarded
to " Erwin his dismissal from the ." postal
service. .
'mm y q ASHINGTON. Sept ll.-Four
Mm Tf new names - are dragged lntk
'm Jf *J the postofflce scandal In' Iri-
' dlctments : returned j by the
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CASTAWAYS
FOUND UPON
SHIP'S KEEL
PROMINENT LOCAL. POSTAL.
OFFICIAL INDICTED BY THE
WASHINGTON GRAND JURY.
VOLUME XClV-NO. 104.
The San Francisco CallThe large country around, just entering Its
first stage of development, with the branches
and further railroad extensions in prospect, give
some idea of the future of Willlts. Thla ex
cursion Sunday, Sept. 20, will afford prospec
tive buyers an opportunity to view the lots for
nale in the Northwestern addition of WiiHts.
The $treetg are graded, curbed, sewered and
water mains laid. The water comes from the
mountains. Electric light and power. Burn
ham Sc Marsh Co., 211 Montgomery street, are
the acents for the sale of the Iota of the
Northwestern addition to Willlts. Maps, plats
terms, etc., are to be had at their office '
To all parties who go on I this excursion and
purchase a lot within thirty days thereof Burn
ham & Marsh Co. will refund the • fare paid
which will be $3 for the round trip. Boat will
depart from Tlburon ferry, foot i of Market
street, at 7:30 a. m., Sunday, Sept. 20 On
the return train will leave Willits at 4 n m
Tickets on sale at Burnham & Marsh Co 'and
C50 Market street (Chronicle buildlnjr), ¦com
mencing Monday. Sept. 14. E*ch ti«ket sold
Inaurea a Mat. • . «
¦Wiling, the terminus of the California North
western Ry., is the center of the redwood belt
of Mendocino County, and is a fast growing
town. The mills of the Northwestern Redwood
Co. are within three miles. The tracks of the
railroad company extend five miles into the
redwoods, and contractors are at work on ten
miles more to be finished this reason.
Via the California Northwestern
Railway, the Picturesque Route
of California.
EXCURSION TO WILLITS
Washington; d. c, sept. 11.— The
Postofflce Department to-day announced:
Postofflces discontinued, superseded by
rural free delivery: Oregon— Macksburg
and Needy, Clackamaa County, mail to
Aurora. Postmaster commissioned—Ore
gon-Saliie A. Hill.'Anlauf.
Navy order— Lieutenant Commander T.
D. Griffin detached from the Wyoming to
treatment at the naval hospital, Mare
Island.
Army orders— The board at San Fran
cisco for . the examination of officers of
the Signal Corps for promotion . is dis
solved. Captain Charles S. Wallace, Sig
nal Corps, is ordered, from the Philippines
to San Francisco; Contract , Surgeon
Frank L. R. Tetamore from Fort Grant,
Arizona, to San Francisco, thence to the
Philippines with .. the Seventh Infantry;
Captain Henry Page, assistant surgeon,
from Fort „ Mason, Cal., to the Philip
pines; First v Lieutenant Llewellyn P.
Williamson, assistant surgeon, from the
Presidio of San" v Francisco to Jefferson
Barracks. Mo. Pifev''~.-V
Changes Made in the Postal Service
and Orders for the
' Army.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OE THE PACIFIC COAST
MANILA, Sept. 1L— A. band of religious
schismatics forcibly seized a chapel in
Manila the other day, breaking down the
doors to effect an entrance. They were
promptly ejected by the police.
Schismatics Seize Chapel.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 1L — Secretary
Hitchcock to-day announced the removal
of John A. Sterrett of Ohio as Townsite
Commissioner for the Cherokee Indian
nation in Indian Territory and the ap
pointment ot Dwight Tuttle of Connecti
cut as hl3 successor. The removal is the
result of charges against Sterrett's ad
ministration of his office. - -
Secretary Hitchcock Announces Ap
pointment of Dwight Tuttle to
Succeed John A. Sterrett.
TOWNSITE COMMISSIONER
FOB CHEROKEES REMOVED
DENVER, Sept. 11.— H. M. Hayden this
evening shot his wife through the body
and then flred three bullets into himself
with fatal results. The woman will prob
ably die. They decided last Monday to
separate, but to-day Hayden became In
toxicated and going to his wife's home
committed the double crime.
They were both natives of Pennsyl
vania. Each was about 30 years of age
and they had been .married seven years.
They had no children.
Denver Man, After Agreement of
Separation, Becomes Intoxicated
and Commits Crime.
FATALLY WOUNDS WIFE
AND KILLS HIMSELF
Pomological Society Is
Still in. Session in
Boston.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, Sept. 11.— The evening session
of the American Pomologlcal Society was
given over to a discussion of the subject
"Ideals In Pomology," led by Charles W.
Garfield of Grand Rapids, Mich. The
morning session of the society gave at
tention to the commercial side of the
fruit growing. Speakers from different
sections of the country gave their experi
ence -as to the qualities that should be
developed, and* representatives of the
United States and Canadian Departments
of Agriculture spoke of fruit inspection
and its relation to the growers. The re
port made by Dr. F. W. Pexamer of New
York recommended the award of a Wilder
medal, given for excellence ln a new vari
ety, to the "Hiley peach" of Georgia. The
officers proposed by the nominating com
mittee and unanimously elected are as
follows: • '• .
President. J. H. Hale, South Glastonbury.
Conn.; first vice president, Charles W. Gar
fleld. Grand Raoids. Mich.; secretary, John
Craig, Ithaca, N. Y. ; treasurer, L. R. Taf t.
Agricultural College. Michigan.
The paper of W. A. McKinnon. chief of
the fruit division of the Canadian De
partment of Agriculture, called for con
siderable discussion. McKinnon spoke of
ihe new laws in tho Dominion providing
for the inspection of fruit for export. The
results, he said, have been very benefi
cial. Inspection has made packers care
ful and/now when a man buys a No. 1
package he knows that it means a high
quality. Several members of the society,
who followed McKinnon, advocated the
passage of a similar law in the United
TO the higher officials of the local
postofflce department the news of
the indictment of James W. Er
win, Superintendent of the San Francisco
special delivery system, was • apparently
as much a surprise as it was to the gen
eral pubjlc. When it was first announced
at the postoffice the heads of departments
refused to credit it, and it was not until
it was fully confirmed that they accepted
It as a fact.
Erwin was one of the last men in the
service who was supposed to be impli
cated in anything even savoring of dis
honesty, or official indiscretion. He has
been a postofflce inspector since 18S7, hav
ing been appointed from Atlanta, Ga., un
der the first Cleveland administration,
and assigned to the New England di
vision, with headquarters in Boston. Pre
vious to that he had been a newspaper
man. A few years later he was trans
fered to to the Pacific division, and, with
the exception of brief absences, has re
mained here in various capacities ever
since.
On July 1, 1900, he was appointed su
perintendent of .the free rural delivery
system of the Pacific Coast, and retained
that position until relieved July 1 of this
year, when the department was turned
over to R. R. Munro, inspector in charge
for the Pacific division.
During the scandals in the postofflco
affairs of Cuba following the Spanish war
Erwin was selected by Fourth Assistant
Postmaster Barlow,, who is prosecuting
the present inquiry, to assist ln unearth
ing the frauds, and his work at that time
was highly commended. Later he was
sent to Manila to institute a delivery sys
tem, and accomplished this to the entire
satisfaction of his superior officers.
MUNBO LACKS INFOBMATION.
R. R. Munro, inspector in charge, under
whose supervision Erwin has been since
July 1, speaking of the indictment of his
subordinate, said yesterday:
I have heard nothing from Washington relat
ing to the charges against Erwin and I do not
expect to for some days, as whatever instruc
tions are forwarded will be sent by mall. ¦»
I am not ln possession of sufficient informa
tion to warrant a discussion of the grounds
upon which the indictment was returned. I
took no part ln the investigation that resulted
in th« indictment. Inspectors were sent di
rectly from Washington to conduct the inquiry
and merely submitted their credentials to me.
I gave thsm evory assistance in my power, but
was not privy to the result of their labors.
They had instructions to report directly to the
Washington authorities and did so.
The news of Krwin's Indictment was an en
tire surprise to me. He has always borne an
excellent reputation and has been singled out
for various important assignments, requiring
pronounced ability and integrity. I know noth
ing of his connection with the Postal Develop
ment and Improvement "Company, except that
he was a stociihc'der in the concern.
WOODWOKTH IS WAITING.
United States District Attorney Wood
worth knows nothing officially of the in
dictment and he does not expect to until
it shall reach him from Washington
through the mails. Speaking of the mat
ter yesterday he said:
Beyond what I have heard around the build
ing I know nothing of an indictment having
been returned against Inspector Erwin. Un
doubtedly I shall be notified by mail, and as
soon as I am I 'shall take the proper steps to
Insure his attendance «t Washington, where I
presume the trial will be held.
As I understand It. the indictment charges
fraudulent conspiracy, and in that case the
Grand Jury of the place where the minds of
the alleged conspirators met would have juris
diction. The contention, I presume, will be
that this understanding was reached at Wash
ington and consequently the Washington Grand
Jury would have the right to return an in
dictment. ¦
Efforts have been made to connect ex-
Congressman Eugene F. Loud with the
sale to the Government by the local ofll
c5als of the device for recording on mall
boxes the time of the next collection of
letters. An afternoon paper printed a
purported dispatch from Washington
stating that dishonest practices were cur
rent In the local postoffice; that certain
employes were rated at higher positions
than they were getting salary for, and
that the difference between what they re
ceived and what the Government allowed
them was divided between a clique of men
at the head of which was "one certain
political influence." When seen last night
Loud said:
Undoubtedly I am the "one certain political
Influence" referred to. I presume the reason
I wa* not mentioned bj» name was because
the publisher hc-ld in mind the provisions
against criminal libel. As far as the charges
of misconduct in the workings of the local
postoffice are concerned there is absolutely no
foundation for them. There could be no manip
ulation of salaries without the knowledge of
Postmaster Montague, and anybody who know*
him will utake his life on bis honesty. Neither
Is he a catspaw for a ring of other employes.
The workings of . the postof flc« system abso
lutely preclude the possibility of such a method
of extortion being practiced.
ARE MADE IN REVENGE.
These Insinuations against me emanate
either from my political enemies in the State
or come from August W. Machen formerly
greneral superintendent of the free delivery
system; and his friends. I knew about them
before they were made public. I first incurred
the enmity of Machen four or five years ago
when I denounced him on the floor of the
Houso of Representatives for violating the law
by. creating a deficiency in his department
while Congress was in session. I have also
taken an active part In bringing about this in
vestigation that has resulted j so disastrously
for him. and naturally he is ready to do m«
any injury he can.
I have heretofore refrained from public de
nials of these charges because I did not deem
them worthy of notice, but I take this occa
sion to Bay that all of these veiled accusa
tions made against me are utterly and un
qualifiedly false, and the result of the Inves
tigation has bo proved them.
Postmaster Montague was not to be
seen yesterday. He came to his office for
a few minutes in the morning and then
left for his summer home at Agnews. He
was in a state of almost utter collapse
at the developments in the Investigation
and his condition was such that his fam
ily decided to have him moved to the city.
He left Agnews at & o'clock in the after
noon for San Francisco. Inquiry at nis
home was answered by the statement
that he was not there, and It was stated
that his whereabouts was unknown. It
is thought that he is being cared for in
some private hospital.
BOYS ARE ARBESTED
FOB WBECKING TBAIN
Confess to .Having Placed a Bail
Across the Track at Baton
Tunnel.
TRINIDAD, Colo.. Sept. 11.— Paul Mur
phy and Ernest Smith, boys of Raton,
N. M., have been arrested by Special
Agent Rudd of the Santa Fe road,
charged with wrecking a train.
Last Sunday evening No. 2 passenger
train ran across a rail which had been
placed across the track just below the
Raton tunnel, derailing both engines.
The boys have confessed they placed the
rail on the track.
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
The device was immediately adopted.
This occurred in October, 1S9D. It is al
leged that the price paid the company
fur the device was afterward increased
through Machen's efforts.
Beavers. Maehen and Erwin are the
three men indicted in connection with
this transaction and conspiracy to de
fraud the Government is trre specific
charge.
The inspectors say that Richardson was
eo frank and candid in his statements
and It was so apparent that he was an
unconscious tool of «thers in the deal that
it was thought better not to bring his
case before the Grand Jury, at least at
this time. He is understood to have tes
tified that Machen instructed him that
he must distribute the stock if he wished
to have his device adopted. He Is also
understood to have further said that
Beavers intimated that it would be well
to see Perry S. Heath, then First Assist
ant Postmaster General, whose name
Beavers Is said to have used very freely.
There apears to be no .direct testimony
that Heath received any of the stock,
however.
LOUD EXONERATED.
In connection with this company the
ram<? of ex-Representative Loud of Cali
fornia has been mentioned in the past,
but it is paid by officials in authority
that there is no testimony in the hands
of the Grand Jury implicating Loud in
any way. He is paid to have acted for
Richardscn. as is common for a Repre
sentative in Conffrc-ss to act for his con
stituents, and there is no evidence show
ing that he was a stockholder ln the San
Francisco company.
MeGiehan, Huntington and Machen
were indicted for conspiracy to defraud
the Government ln connection with the
contract to furnish package boxes to the
Government. McGiehan is said to have
obtained a contract to furnish boxes from
July l, 1K'3, to June 1. 1S97. Machen is
s-aid to have been instrumental in bring
ing- about an increase in the price paid
to McGiehan, who took Huntington in as
a partner before the expiration of the
contract. The extra compensation is said
to have been shared with Machen.
The official statement regarding the in
dictments follows:
The indictment against Beavers, Machen
and Erwin alleges in substance that the
I'ostai Device and Improvement Company
of San Francisco, formerly the Montague
Indicator and Letter Box Company, by
resolution of October 6, 1S99, set aside 1000
thares of its stock to be used in any le
gitimate way its president might think
proper in forwarding the Interests of the
company. Armed with this authority, the
president, Daniel 6. Richardson, accom
panied by Erwin, came to Washington.
Erwin was then a postoffice inspector
and the company was composed almost
entirely of postofflce employes in the
West. Erwin introduced Richardson to
ali ihe postofflce officials at Washington
and Beavers, Machen. Heath and others
examined the devices.
SECURE AN ORDER.
As a result an order for equipping 20S9
letter boxes with the device was secured.
About that time, on a suggestion from
Beavers, concurred in by Machen, the
name of the company was changed and- it
was arranged that all postofflce officials
should disappear from its management.
Beavers and Machen became the owners
of blocks cf the stock, both under as
sumed names. The company was then
systematically relieved of its obligations
in the way of paying freight, crating and
printing cards for the devices it was fur
nishing.
Out of the 1000 shares of stock set aside
as above mentioned most al lof it went
to different postofHce officials. The presi
dent of the company afterward came tq
Washington again with the request that
an increase be made in the compensation
the company was receiving for its device.
The- request was granted. Dividends were
afterward r>aid on the stock.
The indictment against McGiehan,
Huntington and Machen alleges that Mc-
Giehan was the person interested in the
profits from certain contracts from the
United States for furnishing packages
from July 1, 1833, to June 1, 1837; that in
pursuance of a scheme to defraud the
United States, Machen recommended to
his superiors that the compensation of
the contractor be Increased. In payment
for attaching a different support to the
boxes, which raised them higher from the
ground. This scheme was- put through
and afterward, when Huntington became
interested in the contracts with Mc-
Giehan they continued to receive the
extra compensation.
PAYMENTS IN DETAIL.
The indictment is in ten counts, the first
two counts charging the payment of $100
to Machen on September 1, 1&00; the third
and fourth counts alleging the payment
of t2lO on December 30, 1900; the fifth and
sixth counts the payment of $250 Febru
ary 4, 1S01; the seventh and eighth counts
the payment of $350 March 2, 1501; the
ninth and tenth counts the payment of
$225 on March 15. 1501.
Thft other indictment against McGiehan,
Huntington ar.d Machen is in fifteen
counts:, on the same facts as set forth in
the first indictment, these being conspir
acy to bribe an officer of the United
States.
The indictment against McGiehan and
Huntingdon for bribery alleges that Ma
then procured the payment of $1 25 on
each of the package boxes additional to
the contract, or for which the device
which lifted them higher from the ground,
when the sum paid for that attachment
should not have exceeded 73 cents. Mc-
Giehan agreed to pay Machen 50 cents
from each $1 25 with the concurrence of
Hunthigton. who was then interested in
the contracts with McGiehan, as the Co
lumbia Supply Company, for bis own per
sonal use.
SCHEMES TO DEFRAUD.
The Indictment against Scheble and Ma
chen alleges that Eugene D. Schebel of
Toledo became interested with the firm of
Maybury & Ellis of Detroit, of which
town Maybury is the Mayor, in securing
contracts with the United States for fur
nishing letter boxes; that in pursuance of
their scheme to defraud the Government,
Machen induced the department to order
large quantities of letter boxes for the ru
ral free delivery service; quantities ln ex
cess of what was needed or used; and that
Machen, In his official capacity, approved
the bills for the same. Maybury & Ellis
paid Seheble to the extent of his interest
in the company and he in turn paid large
turns to Machen.
The indictment Is in seventeen counts,
the first three charging the payment by
Scheble to Machen of J1500 on September
12. 1300; the fourth count charging this or
dering by Machen of 6000 letter boxes on
September 21. 1300; the fifth, sixth and
seventh counts charging the payment to
Machen cf CO on September 20, 1S00. The
eighth, ninth and tenth counts charge the
payment to Machen of $2000 on November
22, 19O0; the eleventh count charges the
payment to Machen of $1159 on November
£3. 1900; the twelfth, thirteenth and four
teenth counts charge tha payment of
$20* to Machen on February 11, 1901; the
fifteenth. sixteenth and seventeenth
count* charge the payment of $134 to
Machen on June 10. 1901. The other In
dictir.cr.ts against the defendants have
the same number of 'counts, on the same
fact*, the charge being conspiracy to
bribe an officer of the United States.
Governor Appoints Fruit Inspector.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 1L — Governor
Pardeo has appointed A. N. Judd fruit in
spector for Santa Cruz and Monterey
counties, the first under the new law, at
the request of the Watsonvllle Orchard
ists* Association. The duty of the inspec
tor is to eee that boxes and packages of
fruit are properly marked
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
Itching. Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Piles
Tour drurpist will refund r&ar money if Pazo
OINTMENT fall* to cure you. 60 cent*. •
The election of officers for the next year
and the selection of the next meeting
place will conclude the work of the con
gress.
Among the papers read this afternoon
were: Dr. Stephen Hombray, St. Louis,
"Aerial Tramways as Economical Means
of Transportation"; C. O. Bartlett, Cleve
land, on "The Mechanical Drying of
Clays, Peat, Coal, etc."
Owing to, the inclemency of the weather
no session was held to-night •The re
maining addresses will be delivered at
to-morrow morning's session, which will
be held at Deadwood.
A resolution was adopted asking the
congress to petition Andrew Carnegie to
endow and erect a suitable building at
Washington or any other city in the
country for the exclusive benefit of min
ing in this country. It was referred back
by the committee with a recommendation
that it be refered to the board of dlrec-,
tors of the American Mining Congress for
such consideration as they deemed proper,
and it was so erred.
A resolution asking for the appointment
of five members as a committee to for
mulate such amendments to the mining
laws of the country as are deemed best
for the Interests of the United States
was referred to the committee on legisla
tion.
President Richards announced the re
ceipt of a letter from Senator Morgan of
Alabama in answer to a request that he
attend the congress and his regrets that
he was unable to attend, which was read.
Relating to the collection of mineral statis
tics and askine that the work. remain in the
hands of the United States Geological Survey;
asking aid of the Government in the estab
lishment of good roads; concerning the sub
version'of the timber and stone act; approv
ing the purchase by the Government of silver
in the open market and co-operation with the
committee appointed by the Mexican and other
governments with relation to fixing tha ratio
of sliver and gold; protesting against any leg
islation tending to further restrict the use of
pllver as real money or depress its value upon
the market; that a committee of five active
members of the congress be selected by the
chairman to devise means by which suitable
men may be employed to visit all mining
campa and organize local mining bodies and
solicit co-operation 'with this congress and
obtain paid members; against "fake" • mining
companies and exploitation of mining stocks
based solely on options for the purpose -of. leas
ing mining properties, and calling upon the
several StattB and Territories to pass such
legislation as will remedy the evil and pro
tect organizers <jf and Investors in legitimate
mining companies.
Among those favorably reported and
adopted, in addition to the one concerning
a Department of Mines and Mining, were:
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
Immediately following the presentation
of Colonel Drake's resolution Thomas
King Muir of Portland rose and read a
telegram from the Oregon State Miners'
Association, sending greetings to tho min
ing congress and .asking that Portland
be selected as the meetine place for 1904.
Muir proceeded' to say that Portland
wanted the American Mining Congress,
and that it wanted to entertain the mem
bers and delegates at a time when there
would be no diverting circumstances
which would tend to interfere with the
accomplishment of the best results by
the congress, as would be the case if Its
sessions were held in 1905 coincident with
the centennial. He said the citizens of
Portland wished to bo in a position to
devote themselves exclusively to the en
tertainment of those attendant upon the
mining congress and therefore he asked
that Portland be chosen for next year
rather than 1903.
The constitution and by-laws, which
were the special order for this morning's
session of the American Mining Congress,
were adopted in the afternoon, as sub
mitted, with the exception of two minor
changes. These consisted in the reduc
tion of the number of delegates to be ap
pointed by the Governor of a State from
fifteen to ten and the reduction of the
number of delegates to be appointed by a
Chamber of Commerce, Board of Trade
or. other such J^iy frpm three to two, the
objectfbeing- to" place* /the. congress in a
more independent. position., -~
The first matter before the congress
this afternoon was >the report of the com
mittee on resolutions.
FAVORS EAULEEB, DATE.
LEAD, S. D., Sept.. 1L— The adoption of
a constitution^ and by-laws, the adoption
of a resolution asking the Unltod States
Congress ¦ to pass a law for the estab
lishment of a Department of Mines, with
a representative in the President's Cab
inet, and the reading of a letter from
Senator. Morgan of Alabama in response
to an - invitation from Secretary , Man on
to attend and address the congress, wer«
the principal features of to-day'3 sessions
of the American Mining Congress.
It developed to-day that the Oregon
delegation is not quite a unit on the mat
ter of holding next year's sessions of the
mining congress at Portland- : This be
came apparent when Frank V. Drake of
Portland asked the congress to adopt a
resolution to the effect that It Is the Bense
of the American Mining Congress that In
recognition of the enormous benefits
which have accrued to tne mining In
dustry of the country from the consum
mation of the Lewis and Clark expedition
in 1805, which resulted in the acquisition
by the United States of tha Territory
of Oregon, comprising the present States
of Oregon, Washington, Idaho and parts
of Montana, Wyoming and Dakota, those
States would contribute ln every way pos
sible to the success of the centennial cel
ebration of the Lewis and CJark Ex
position, to be held in .Portland in 1905,
and that in furtherance of this object
the congress also resolve to meet in
Portland for its annual session in 1905.
The resolution was referred to a com
mittee, which reported in favor of its
adoption with the clause referring to the
1905 meeting stricken out, and it was
adopted.
Of the 83,000 Indians in the five civilized]
tribes — Cherokeea, Creeks. Choctaws.
Chickasaws and Semlnoles — less than 15,-.
COO are full bloods.
Must Turn On Current
in District Guarded
by Soldiers.
The guards at the Golden Cycle Mine
to-night created considerable excitement
by firing a dozen shuta oxktk man who
was passing on the railroaJ track and
refused to stop when ordered to do so.
The man escaped.
. CRIPPLE CREEK. Colo., Sept. 1L—
During the early part of this evening the
portions of the district which are lighted
by Le Belle Power and Light Company
were in darkness, the company for some
reason delaying to turn on the current.
Complaints were made at military head
quarters by the citizens, and It 13 saM
General Bell notified tho light company
that no further delay ln the service would
bo tolerated, and the current was started.
During the time the district was la
darkness Lieutenant Greenwood, Com
pany I of Colorado Springs, and Lieu
tenant Kelfy. Troop B, r>enver, were in
jured by riding into open prospect holes.
As a result of this and other similar
accidents General Bell announced to
night that the State law which provides
that unused prospect holes must be either
filled or covered must be complied with at
once. He declared that no evasions or
delay would be permitted in this matter.
James Laflerty, a union leader, was ar
rested and placed ln the guardhouse to
day. No charge against him was mads
public. It is Bald that seven other men
are wanted by the authorities.
LIGHT COMPANY
GIVEN ORDERS
vices. He declared that their work was
efficient vigilant and trustworthy and
¦ that all concerned were deserving of much
I commendation.
After taking lunch, the Assistant Secre
tary was taken aboard the cutter Golden
Gate and visited the revenue cutter ilc-
Culloch at Sausalito and also inspected
the cuarantlne station.
In the evening Assistant Secretary Arm
strong was conducted through Chinatcwn
by Dr. Rupert Blue ot-uie Marine Hospi
tal Service, who h3s had charge of •he>
cleansing of the Oriental Quarter. Tha
Assistant Secretary was given every facil
ity to inspect the quarter and see for him
self the effective sanitary work that has
been accomplished there.
WXLIi HAVE A BUSY DAY.
To-day Assistant Secretary Armstrong
will inspect the Mint, the sub- Treasury
and the Custom-house and will confer
with certain officials as to the needs for
further protection on this coast for navi
gation.
While th« latter subject 13 now under
control of Secretary Cortelyou, of the De
partment of Commerce, the Assistant Sec
retary of the Treasury is desirous of se
curing needed Information that will enable
him to furnish Secretary Cortelyou with
important facts as to the absolute and
pressing need for more safeguards for
vessels plying on the Pacific Coast.
Assistant Secretary Armstrong Is but
29 years of age. He was born in Iowa
and was engaged for some years In news
paper work. He was a valued member of
the press In Chicago and also was Eastern
correspondent for Chicago papers. Ho
was selected by the present Secretary of
the Treasury to act as his private secre
tary when Mr. Shaw was Governor of
Iowa. Wh«n Governor Shaw was ap
pointed to the post of Secretary of the
Treasury, he selected his former private
secretary as his first assistant and ln tha
past two years Assistant Secretary Arm
strong has made an enviable record for
himself.
paying a second time of assessed duty
and also prevent smuggling on the part
of persons coming from the Orient on
the same vessels.
Passengers arriving in San Francisco
from Honolulu are classed as "coast"
travelers. Articles In their possession
which the San Francisco customs officials
might declare dutiable are assumed to
have left Honolulu duty paid. In other
words, the articles are supposed to have
had the duty paid upon them when taken
into the Hawaiian Islands from foreign
ports.
The certification of a Honolulu passen
ger's stateroom effects will do away with
considerable delay on arrival* ln San
Francisco. A customs officer will be able
to quickly check the contents of valises
with the certified list, while the heavy
baggage of such passenger will be ex
empt from examination, having left Hon
olulu under seal.
Should tho stateroom effects of a Hono
lulu passenger not tally with the certi
fied list It will b« clear proof that a
through passenger from the Orient has
enlisted the aid of such Honolulu pas
senger, for the purpose of smuggling, ard
detection will be easy for the customs
officials.
CATJSED MUCH ANNOYANCE.
Under the rule recently rescinded all
baggage of travelers from the Orient, to
gether with that belonging to Honolulu
passengers, was examined by the cus
toms officers at Honolulu, wheirsuch per
sons traveled on through steamships,
while passengers on vessels plying only be
tween Honolulu and San Francisco were
not subject to examination. The obnox
ious rule caused considerable annoyance,
delay and complications and the new or
der of things will enable passengers and
the steamship companies to work ln har
money with customs officials.
¦Assistant Secretary Armstrong paid a
l{lgh compliment to the local officers of
the customs service and to the officials
of the marine hospital and quarantine ser-
FORFEITS RIGHT
TO SACRAMENTS
Rev. Father Lillis Joins
in Condemnation of
Oath.
Special IMspatch to The Call.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Sept. 11— "The
man who takes the oath of the Inter
national Typographical Union denies to
himself the right to the sacraments of
the Catholic church."
Thus spoke to-day Rev. Father T. F.
LJilis, pastor of St Patrick's Church and
acting coadjutor bishop of the diocese.
"The fixed laws of the church forbid
a Catholic to be a member of an order
which requires such an oath as this," he
continued, "and it is the duty of every
Catholic either to demand that the oath
be expunged or to leave the union."
Becomes Steel Trust Officer.
CHEYENNE. Wyo., Sept. 11.— State
Treasurer Henry G. Hay, president of
the Stock Growers' Bank, has tendered
his formal resignation to the directors.
Hay has dtcidt-d to accept the position
as assistant treasurer of the United
States Steel Corporation, with offices in
New York. His resignation as State
Treasurer Is expected to follow.
Rufe Turner Fights a Draw.
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept. 11.— Rufe Tur
ner of Seattle and Charley Sieger of New
York fought twenty rounds to a draw
here to-night. The fighting was hard and
fast throughout, Sieger, if anything, hav
ing a shade the better of It.
States. The afternoon was spent by the
members of the society in a drive through
Boston's park system.
National . Legislature Urged
to Establish a New De
partment/
Indicted Inspector Has
Splendid Record in ,
the Past.
A reception was given at 8:30 this even
ing and a banquet at 10 at the Cheyenne
Club. One hundred guests, composed of
citizens and army officers, were present.
Senator Warren acted as toastmaster.
Ex-Senator Carey gave • the . address of
welcome. Arthur W. Dunn made the re
ply. Short addresses were made by Gov
ernor Chatterton, Congressman Mondell
and others, special train carrying
the party left for Ogden at midnight.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Sept. 11.— The par
ty of Washington correspondents arrived
here at 4:30 o'clock this afternoon. Car
riages "were ready at the- station for a
three-mile ride to Fort Russell. Some
preferred horseback riding, and the spir
ited horses kept by the Union Pacific
Railroad for pursuit of train robbers were
given to half a dozen of the visitors.
During the ride to Fort Russell some of
the horses ran away with the inexperi
enced riders. No serious accident oc
curred, however. A dress parade and a
band concert were followed by a recep
tion at the officers' club. The party re
turned to the Interocean Hotel for dinner.
CORRESPONDENTS GIVEN
WELCOME AT CHEYENNE
Washington Newspaper Men Are
Guests of City at Banquet
and Reception.
"I shall have to wait a few days and see
how things develop before I can say what
I am going to do. I received a telegram
about a week ago to come to Washington,
but as I was sick, under the advice of my
physician I took a week's rest before
starting back. I had no idea what the
call was for, and as I am frequently called
to Washington, attached no particular im
portance to it. The press dispatches" say
that the Postmaster General has signed
my dismissal from the service and that it
was mailed to me last Tuesday. Until
the papers reach me I suppose I must re
main in the dark."
"I have no Idea. As I have stated, I
never placed any particular value on -It.
Or, rather, I have never thought about it.
The stock has lam here in my desk. I
know some of it has been sold, but I
never heard what it brought and did not
place any great value on it. With my pos
session of the stock my whole connection
with this affair ends. \ I am not a director
nor officer of the company and never have
been. It may have been an error ln Judg
ment to have possessed it, but up to this
time I never dreamed that to have stock
in a corporation organized under the laws
of this State could possibly be construed
Into an offense.
PLACED NO VALUE ON IT.
"Would you mind stating just what
connection you have with the company
and what your interest in it is?" f\
, "I took 600 shares of the stock. I be
lieve there are 40,000 shares of the capital
stock."
"What Is Its value?"
"For the past fifteen years I have been
a resident of California. During that
time I have endeavored so to conduct my
self officially and personally as to win
the- respect -and confidence of those with
whom I' came in contact. I believe I am
safe in saying that I- have some friends
here and it Is my earnest hope that they
will be willing to suspend .their judgment
until the facts have been fully devel
oped."
CONNECTION WITH COMPANY.
With regard to the connection of nhe
Ppstal Device and Improvement Com
pany of San Francisco with the scandal
which is the cause of the present trouble,
Erwiri said:
"This company was formed some years
ago and was Incorporated under the laws
of the State of California. I had nothing
to do with the formation of the company
and know little of its history. The device
for tha timing of mails on letter boxes I
was much interested in and might almost
claim I was a part Inventor of it. Some
of the- details were worked out at my
suggestion. I was interested ln it because
it seemed to me to be a needed improve
ment. I took some stock in the company,
but since the day N I received it it has lain
in the drawer here and I never attached
any value to It."
with .friends or to secure' legal. advice. arid
until I have done so must be excused
from making any statement in connection
with the case. , '* . \
FRUIT GROWERS
IN CONVENTION
The purpose of the certification is two
fold. It will save • a passenger double
examination of property and the possible |
PROTECTS ALL PARTIES.
If the last class of passengers so de
sire, they will be allowed to take Into
their staterooms any effects they desire
to use on the voyage to this city. They
will be allowed to certify to what articles
they have ln the staterooms, and their
heavy baggage will be placed in a sealed
room in the ehjp.
• Passengers- starting- from Honolulu on
ships destined for San Francisco will not
have their baggage examined on arrival
here when they travel on ships that ply
only between the Hawaiian Islands and
the' mainland.
Passengers starting ' from Honolulu. for
San Francisco on ships that come from
the Orient or other foreign ports will
have the option of either having their
baggage examined on arrival at San
Francisco or securing: a certified state
ment of their belongings when leaving
Honolulu.
Assistant Secretary Armstrong stated
that It was the Intention of the Treasury
Department to enforce the rules reg-ard
ingr examination of baggage that had
been ln force before the annexation of
the Hawaiian Islands, with certain modi
fications.
All passengers comingr from the Orient
on steamships touching at Honolulu will
have all their baggage and hand effects
examined on arrival at San Francisco.
Passengers from the .Orient destined for
Honolulu will have their baggage exam
ined at the island port
The conference lasted nearly two hours,
and the result was looked upon .as being 1
beneficial and accommodating . to all par
ties concerned.
HOLD LONG CONFERENCE.
Spear and Acting- Collector Hamilton of
San Francisco. -
News of Erwin's Trouble
Discredited Until
Confirmed.
Delegation to Mining
Congress Is Not a %
IMCTIN& OFFICIALS.
Continued From Page 1, Column 2.
ERWffl MAKES REPLY.
Continued From Page 1, Column 6.
OREGON DIVIDED
OVER THE DATE
LOCAL POSTAL SERVICE OFFICIALS
PROFESS THE UTMOST AMAZEMENT
AT RESULT OF GRAND JURY'S WORK
TREASURY OFFICIAL DOES AWAY
WITH THE OBNOXIOUS SYSTEM OF
BAGGAGE INSPECTION AT HONOLULU
THE SAN FKANCISGO CATjL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1903.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/^ tikj 4J g\ ait g |^j X- < 3§5§i§*«L pJO VI* T
/* W^^^c^^^^i READ ONE 1 — READ AX»X#
TTHuE MAtIN CHANCJC THE FI3LIGR.EE BALL
If you should s«e a copy •fTbe Main Chance, by Meredrth Nicholson. J' y«u h*ve anything particular to do at a certain bear, soch «*ateb-
; bay. borrow, bet *r steal it. Far The Main Oumce has all the ele- \*Z • train, and still have a little time en your hands, dont read
¦eats of twtatteth ceatory ertatiwss.— CKc*g» Inter-Ocean. The PUjree Ball, by Annj Katherfne Green, author of Tho Leavw
THE GREY CLOAK UNDER. THE ROSE S
?^J^^*L^l^I~£«?££Z^^~T%£?~ wtt-todetteteuifooJlne. It, line fceltnr ami perfect takt.. You forr«t
a tasy age this Is an offense «ratast Industry.— Omp TrUmmt, rt ts sot reality and stXcvab to the author's »{*!!.-//*>(••» »'««>. ,5f-
TME BOBIS- MERRILL COMPANY, PUBLISHERS.PROMINENT BULGARIAN AND
LEADER OF THE MACEDON
IAN REVOLUTIONISTS.
SALONICA, Sept. 11.— According to offi
cial representations, 103 Bulgarians were
killed in a fight at Resna on Wednesday.
Severe fighting has taken place at several
other points.
Scores of Bulgarians Killed.
A ' consular report from Salonica says
300 insurgents at Zelenltz, district of Kas
toria, who: surrendered after they had
been surrounded, were massacred by
Turkish soldiers.
The Hamidich (Kurdish) cavalry regi
ment was called back as it -was entrain
ing for Adrlanople. It is believed this
was due to a protest against the employ
ment of Asiatic troops, made by one of
the embassies.
Albania, September 6. A strong 1 band of
insurgents 'attacked the Turks who were
occupying the town. Reinforcements
•were speedily sent, to Klisura and the
insurgents were repulsed after a sharp
fight. Both sides lost heavily.
TURKEY. &
ON WAR BASIS.
Total vvnr strength 1,007,658
Officers 20,073
Soldiers 0S1.6HS
Horses 57,320
Guns l,38O
ON PEACE BASIS.
Infantry, 318 battalions 203,100
Cavalry, 107 squadrons 34,S27
Artillery. 231 batteries 31. .1-17
Landnrehr (first reserve) 324,544
Landsturin (second reserve) 324,544
ARMS AND EQUIPMENT.
Infantry — Armed . with Mauser magailne
rifles.
Cavalry — Armed with carbine or rifle, sword or
lance.
Artillery — Field suns Include 7.S cm. qnlck
llrlriK Krnpps; 8.7 cm. breech-loadinK Krnppii
fortress artillery . includes 1O5 companies
KuardlnsT the Dardanelles and Bosporus, armed
with modern heavy. Krnpp guns. ¦
Auxiliary force Includes ID. companies of engi
neers, 17. companies of fortress 'engineers,' 4
telearraph companies, IS sqnndrons of .train, 63
companies of artificers; medical, service incom
plete, especially In bearer companies.
BULGARIA.
ON WAR BASIS.
Total wnr strength 200,108
Officers *?'.; 5,431
Soldiers • .290,077
Horses ; 41,770
Gans 480
ON PEACE BASIS.
Infantry, 24 regiments 102,812
Cavalry, 1O regiments , • S.O2O
Artillery, « regtmenti 0,828
Active reserve 88,774
.Militia 88,774
ARMS AND EQUIPMENT.
Infantry — Armed -with . Blannllclier magraztne
rifles. ' ' - .
Cavalry — Armed rvlth Mannllcher carbines and
oiword.
Artillery — Field grans - of 15-poander Krappi,
3.42-inch callberi 2.05 qnlcU-flrlngr Crneiot-
Canet Krunsj 4.7-lncli ' howitzer breech-loadinK
Krnpps^ 7-ponnder Krnpp monntatn prans; 5.0-
Inch Canet Held mortnr.v
Auxiliary force Includes .'{ bnttcrles of engineers,
(piperiiph, rnllway and pontoon companies, 6
military train companies,". O hospitals. 2 artillery
. depot shops, 2 remount divisions} medical serv
ice not well organized. .,
ARMIES OF TURKEY AND BULGARIA
ON PEACE AND ON WAR FOOTINGS
SOUTHPORT. England. Sept. 11.— The
British Association for the Advancement
of Science to-day elected Premier Balfour
to be president of the meeting to be held
in 1904 at Cambridge, and has decided
that the meeting of 1905 shall be held In
South Africa.
Balfour Elected President.
SOFIA, Sept. 1L— The revolutionary
headquarters here ' has received
from Burg-ass news of fearful
atrocities committed by the Turkish and
Albanian soldiers in the vilayet of Adrl
anople. A squadron of Turkish cavalry
intercepted and slaughtered fugitives at
tempting to cross Into Bulgaria. Sixty
Bulgarians were killed within three kilo
metres of the frontier. The whole dis
trict of Losengrad Is filled with Albanian
troops, who are burning villages and
massacring the Inhabitants. They have
killed fifty persons and have slain fifteen
others in the village of Kula, twenty
two old people in the village of Ekleer,
eighteen families at Taspata and twenty
families at Asmldiglk.
Eighty families fleeing from various vil
lages toward the frontier have been lit
erally cut to pieces by Turkish soldiers
during the last few days. Hundreds of
old men, women and children from the
district of Losengrad have crossed the
frontier.
A large body of infantry and cavalry,
with three mountain batteries, attacked
an insurgent band in the mountains about
Vasiliko. The Insurgents waited the near
approach of the troops and then hurled
bombs at them. After two hours' fight
ing the Turks were forced to retire, with
the loss of twenty men killed and many
wounded. The loss of the insurgent
forces was light. . • ,.
The first Indication of the Greeks aid
ing the Bulgarians against Turkey ap
pears In a circular addressed by the gen
eral staff of the eighth revolutionary dis
trict to the Greek towns and villages In
the vilayet of Adrlanople. It expresses
pleasure at hearing that the Greeks de
sire to join their Bulgarian brethren in
the fight for liberty, and invites the
Greeks to send delegates to formulate
plans for joint action. The mixed popu
lation of Greeks and Bulgarians in fif
teen villages of the district of Kostur
have Joined the Insurrection.
Further details of the village burnings
and massacres committed In the vilayet
of Monastir have been reported here from
reliable sources at Salonlca. The names
are given of thirty-four villages In the
Kaza and Okrida districts which have
been burned by the Turk^»
At Velgoshto, near Ortai&I, twelve men
and women perished in the flames. Sixty
peasants were killed in this neighborhood,
most of the bodies being left unburled.
Nine villages and a large forest have been
burned in the Kaza of Alen. At Podmo
chanl and Pokovionik many women and
children were killed. ": f
In the Kaza of Presba the soldiers sur
rounded a forest In which the women and
children from the villages of Louboino
and Bratlchino were concealed. They vio
lated the women and put many of them to
death. The monastery of St. Colm In the
Kaza of Valay has been plundered. The
town of Klissura Is filled with refugees
from the burned villages in the district.
Including many wounded women from the
neighborhood of Klissura and Neveska.
The large number of bodies lying unburled
and decomposirfe has caused an epidemic
among the Turkish troops, from which
many have died.
Reports are beginning to arrive from
Adrlanople which Indicate that the Turks
are employing similar measures to sup
press the outbreak in the vilayet as have
been used in Monastir, and it is feared
that when the Asiatic troops reach the
district even more appalling atrocities will
be committed.
Telegrams from Budapest announce
that the Austrian Government has
stopped Xhe transport of 15.000,000 Mann
licher rifle cartridges which Bulgaria
contracted for in Hungary.
It appears that the cartridge firm Is
unable to complete the order in the speci
fied time and borrowed cartridges from
the Government magazine, with the re
sult that the officials stopped the delivery
of them.
The Insurrection In Eastern Macedonia
is progressing slowly. General Zontcheff
has been engaged in three skirmishes
with the Turks in the district of Djlmoua.
The insurgents fought a band of Bashl
Bazouks between Poplda and Varltlsch,
In the district of Vails. The Bashl Ba
zouks lost eighty men. Next day the reg
ular troops pursued the insurgents Into a
forest,' but fell into an ambuscade, in
which many of them perished.
Many of the inhabitants of Monastir
and In the village cf Dobrokavl were
killed by Turkish artillery.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Sept. ' 11.— An
. official dispatch received here an
nounces that the imperial troop3
recaptured Vasiliko on Sunday last after
the insurgents" occupying the place had
been attacked by 2000 Turkish troops with
two cannon.
The release of Abdul Kader, the natur
alized citizen of the United States, from
imprisonment at Tripoli. Syria, and the
dismissal of Reshld Pasha, the vail of
Beirut, are taken to Inalcate that the
granting, of the other demands of Minis
ter Leishmen will not be long delayed.
The American Consul at Beirut reports
that the situation there is Improving,
thanks to the confidence inspired by
Nazlm Pasha, who has succeeded Reshld
Pasha. Rumors of fresh outrages con
tinue to reach Constantinople, but these
reports are deliberately spread with the
object of creating the impression that £he
present situation at Beirut was provoked
by the arrival there of the United States
warships.
As a matter of fact a desperate state
of affairs ic chronic at Beirut. Insecur
ity has prevailed there for months—prac
tically throughout Reshid Pasha's ten
ure of office. The present Grand Visier
pix months. ago asked the Sultan to re
move Reshid Pasha, but the latter'a sup
porters at the palace were too powerless.
Reshld Pasha is alleged to have made a
large fortune by corrupt administration.
He owns extensive property in Cyprus.
A fresh outrage occurred at Klisura,
Sultan's Soldiers
Victorious at
Vasiliko.
Tolstoi's Seventy-Fifth Birthday.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 11.— Count
Tolstoi spent his seventy-fifth birthday In
strict privacy among his children at Tula.
He was In the best of health. The papers
printed glowing eulogies of the count on
the occasion of his birthday.
PARIS, Sept. 11.— The commander
of ' the French Mediterranean
squadron at Toulon has received
orders to hold in readiness to leave for
the Levant a naval division consisting of
the battleship Bennus, the armored
cruiser Latouche Treville, the second
class cruiser Du Chayla and the third
class cruiser Llnols, under the command
of Admiral Jaureguiberry. ¦ ,
Reports received by the Foreign Office
here from Constantinople say there is re
newed agitation among the Mussulmans
within the city and fears are expressed of
a possible Mussulman attack on- the
Christian population. This agitation fol
lowed the appearance in the 1 Turkish pa
pers of accounts of the Bulgarians dyna
miting trains and blowing up the steam
boat Vaskapu. The Government consid
ered that official sanction of the publica
tion of the news was the best means to
avoid exaggerated stories of the explo
sions. As the Government had rigorously
suppressed any mention "of explosions
during the past twenty years the recent
publications caused widespread agitation.
The official report says the Mussulmans
are eager to avenge the outrages and
stales that the feeling is so intense that
if the Bulgarians commit any further de
struction the Mussulmans are likely to
take redress by attacking the Christian
population. Earnest representations on
the subject have been made to the Porte,
which has given assurances that all pre
cautions will be taken, and has reiterated
Its confidence that it will be able to con
trol the situation.
French Warships
Ordered to Be
Ready.
Terrible Atrocities
Practiced by
Turks.
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
then had the course of the vessel altered.
As the schoner drew near he saw the
ship bottom up and the bleached arms of
living persons clinging to the capsized
thing. He distinguished, moreover, the
dark hair of a woman floating over the
seas as the waves ran and fell along the
bobbing keel.
Two men and the woman caught a ;ine
and held on. They were dragged aboard
like so many fish. Captain King decided,
from the weak and terribly emaciated
condition of those whom he had rescued
that it would be too great a risk to de
l>end upon the line to save other lives.
The men would surely be drowned if they
released their hold upon the wreck. With
celerity the Fielding's crew unlashed a
lx>at and put It overboard and the cap
taJn In i>erson took the five men into It
a:id carried them aboard ship.
The rescued persons were in a very
serious condition. They had been without
lood or water for four days and nights.
Their vessel, a small schooner, the name
cf which Captain King could not ascer
tain, had, five days before the wreck was
sighted, left the island of Gonalve. Hayti,
for the Island of MIrigoane, carrying sev
enteen persons, including the captain, and
was leaded with fruit and provisions of
native production. Her crew were all
French Haytian negroes.
CASTAWAYS ON SHIP'S KEEL
It Is believed here that Japan relies on
the United States to join her in making
urgent representations to induce the Rus
sian withdrawal without conditions,
which, it is repeated, were not suggested
when the promise to retire was made.
Viscour.t Hayashi. the Japanese Min
ister here, has not been notified as to the
attitude which the authorities at Tokio
will adopt. It Is said that Russia re
quires China to signify her acceptance of
all her demands, as a condition to the
evacuation of Manchuria, and that she
has made no move to withdraw from
Manchuria, though she has pledged her
word to complete the evacuation by Octo
ber 8.
This materially changes the optimistic
view token of the Far Eastern situation
which the Japanese based upon the first
reports of the Russian note. It is learned
that Japan has advised all her represen
tatives abroad of the details of the Rus
eian demands, which she now evidently
construes as a determination on the part
of Russia to maintain her grasp on Man
<. huria.
LONDON*, Sept. 11.— The British For
eign Office has received official confirma
tion of the London Times dispatch from
Peking, published September 10, saying
that the Russian Minister at the Chinese
capital has added two fresh conditions to
those Imposed on China as conditional
to the evacuation of the Manchurian
provinces October 8.
New Demands on China Com
plicate Evacuation
Prospects.
Optimists Take Another
View of Manchurian
Affair.
RUSSIA'S PLANS
DISTRESS JAPAN
SULTAN'S TROOPS SLAUGHTER HUNDREDS NEAR ADRIANQPLE;
FRENCH WARSHIPS ORDERED TO BE READY TO SAIL TO THE LEVANT
GAINS LIBERTY
WITH THOUSANDS
Large Sum Needed for
Release of Edwin
D. Moers.
Wealthy Young Californian
Bailed Out of New
York Jail.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
NEW YORK. Sept. 11.— Edwin D. Moers.
a wealthy young Califomian, was re
leased from Ludlow street Jail to-night
after being In custody for three months
under a suit for divorce and alimony
brought by his wife. Dorothy B. Moers.
J. C. Robinson, a friend of Moer's fam
ily, came from Los Angeles with $10,000,
which was deposited with a local trust
company with an arrangement under
which any sums recovered by Mrs. Moers
are to be paid to her by the trust com
pany. ". j ;
Moers' adventures have few parallels
outside of fiction, and also the career
of Mrs. Moers. He was to sail for Eu
rope on June 17 last with his mother.
On the preceding day he was arrested.
Previous to this Moers had come to New
York, concealed his identity and obtained
employment in the chorus of the "Mock
ing Bird" Musical Comedy Company. Ha
was so extravagent that he was discharg
ed on account of the Intense popularity
he attained in the chorus and among the
principals of the company.
American Lega
tion to Be Made
an Embassy.
Mrs. Moers soon after she had caused
her husband's arrest was herself arrest
ed on a warrant charging larceny ob
tained- by Mrs. Lena G. Hilt of Mount
Vernon. The suit was settled.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 11.— Now
that the United States has
been drawn into the vortex of
the Turkish crisis it proposes to be able
to wield as strong a hand In affairs at
the Sublime Porte as any European
power. The State Department Is anxious
that the American legation at Constanti
nople be elevated to an embassy with a
corresponding advance of the Turkish le
gation at Washington.
American diplomacy at the Porte suffers
materially, as Mr.Leishman is only a min
ister. He meets with vexatious delays in
seeing officials with whom he can confer
advantageously in a delicate situation
such as now exists. Were ne an Embas
sador, a personal representative of the
President of the United States, he would
be entitled to personal audiences with the
Sultan. Such is the prestige now enjoyed
by the European powers. -
President Roosevelt realizes the great
obstacle which lies In Irishman's low
rank. Several months ago after repeated
representations through the usual chan
nels, President Roosevelt sent a letter to
the Sultan through Mr. Leiahman, who
delivered it personally. The result was
a better agreement on the long pending
questions than the State Department had
expected to obtain.
Leishman in a cable to the State Depart
ment to-day explained the error which
led to his notifying the department that
Vice-Consul Megelsson had been killed.
Consul Ravndal filed to Lelshman a ci
pher message stating that Megelssen had
been shot at. "When the message was
received at the American legation by
Leishman and translated it read that Mr.
Megelssen had been "shot, assassinated."
The error Is explained by the fact that
the cipher symbol for the word "at" Is
with the exception of a digit the same
as for "assassinated."
The following bulletin was posted at
the Navy Department to-day:
"Rear Admiral Cotton telegraphs from
Beirut September 10, that the Governor
General of Damascus has been appointed
Acting Governor General at Beirut and
has expressed a desire to settle the case
of the American Vice-Consul satisfactor
ily to the United States. Beirut quiet,
business Improving, confidence Increas
ing."
A long cablegram reached the State De
partment from Minister Leishman on the
general Turkish situation which has not
yet been made public. The prestige of Mr.
Leishman at Constantinople has greatly
Increased since the appearance of the Eu
ropean squadron off Beirut, and the scope
of his representations to the Porte has
also increased In the last few days. It
Is understood that our Government will
push to an early conclusion all its pend
ing claims against Turkey.
Chekib Bey, the Turkish Minister, was
a caller at the State Department to-day,
bringing further reassuring advices that a
condition of complete peace has been es
tablished at Beirut.
Alaskan Commission as Guests.
LONDON. Sept. 11.— The Pilgrims' Club
will entertain the members of the Alas
kan boundary commission at dinner at
Clarldge's October 6. Lord Roberts will
preside. Embassador Choate and other
prominent men have already accepted in
vitations to be present.
Icecream here Is as staple as flour and
beef. New York pays over $50,000 a day
for what It eats of this confection In the
heated term.— New York Press.
BERLIN, Sept. 1L— The Lokal Anzeiger
to-day published a dispatch from Sofia,
Bulgaria, saying that Prince Ferdinand
has not yet returned to the captital and
that he is in seclusion at the castle of Eu
xineograd with several favorites, all the
approaches to the castle being strongly
guarded by soldiers. All the purveyors
for the royal establishment, it is added,
are searched. before entering the castle.
Bulgarian Prince Lives in Castle
"With Many Guards.
FERDINAND IN TEBEOE.
The same communication maintains
that there were only eight persons killed
and fifteen wounded in the affray at
Beirut, and that many fugitives to L&h
,anon are returning to their homes.
According to special dispatches from
Constantinople the Mussulmans sacked
Christian houses during the disorders at
Beirut and sensattonaK rumors of all
kinds are current, including a general
massacre at -Beirut, the imminent dyna
miting of public buildings and the poison-
Ing of the water supply at Constantino
ple. ¦
From Vienna comes again an uncon
firmed reoort ttiat Boris Sarafoff, the
Macedonian leader, has been "murdered
near Monastir.
The Dally Mail's correspondent at Mon
astir, in a dispatch dated September 6,
claims that himself, British Vice Consul
McGregor and an American missionary
named Bond, are the Intended victims of
Turkish revenge because they reported
the Turkish atrocities. If their murder
could be compassed it would be fathered
upon the. Bulgarians.
The correspondent describes further the
atrocities by soldiers. In one case they
flayed a little girl's head, while In another
they dug the. flesh from under a woman's
arm with pocketknives in order to see the
working' of her lungs.
A Constantinople dispatch to the Dally
Mail, dated September 10, says the Porte
telegraphed to Washington asking to have
the American squadron recalled from Bei
rut, the request being refused. Minister
Leischmann declared that It would re
main until the departure of the late vail,
Rehsld Pasha.
Officials of the German Embassy here
to-day said that there was no truth in
the statement made by the Constantino
ple correspondent of the London Standard
to the effect that there was reason to
believe that • Germany was encouraging
Turkey to rigorously suppress the Mace
donian Insurrection without regard for
European remonstrances. It was assert
ed at the Embassy that the essential
principle of German policy was to agree
to the proposal of Russia and Austria
and that . beyond so doing Germany had
not taken any steps in the Balkan situa
tion.
Private letters from Monastir state the
Wallachlan inhabitants of Krushevo fully
confirm the charges made by the Bulgari
ans that the Turkish soldiers and Bashi
Bazottks outraged and slaughtered de
fenseless women and children there, the
atrocities continuing two days and nights.
As the Wallachians hate the Bulgarians!
their testimony in this instance carries
considerable weight. I-IIlml Pasha has
admitted that thirty Bashl Bazouks were
concerned In the affair, Hilml says that
these Bashl Bazouks stole 400 cattle, all
of which have been restored to the own
ers, but the latter say that not a hoof has
been restored. .
The Turkish embassy in London. In Its
denial issued daily of Turkish dtroclties,
to-day declares it to be "absolutely false
that Ottoman troops are burning villages,
the truth being that it is the Bulgarians
who at the approach of the troops use
explosives to burn the villages before
leaving them and then accuse the Turk
ish troops of such abominable deeds."
The news that a French squadron is
going to the Levant Is also considered
ominous, and this step by the French
Government probably will be followed by
similar action en the part of other pow
ers.
LONDON, Sept. 11.— The powers are
evidently still exerting pressure
both at Constantinople and Sofia to
avert a Turko-Bulgarian war, apparently
with some temporary success, but mean
time an increasing terrible tale of atroci
ties committed in Macedonia shows that
the situation Is daily becoming aggra
vated.
Murders Pave the
Way for War's
Entrance.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1 903.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Very Little Because
of Smothering
Spells, Palpitation,
and Heart Pains.
To Dr. Miles' Heart Cure
I Owe My Life.
Heart pains, palpitation, smothering spells,
shortness of breath, weak and hungry spells
end general debility, indicate a weak heart.
The longer these symptoms exist the more
serious they become. They represent con-
ditions of heart weakness which mutt re-
ceive aid from the outside. A weak heart
cannot cure itself, no rastter how slight the
•flection. Unless speedily treated it will
prow worse, slowly but surely. A perfect
cure has been found in Dr. Miles* Heart
Cure which removes the cause so that the
disijreeablc symptoms soon disappear.
'"It gives me great pleasure to add my tes-
timonial to the hundreds of others who have
testified to the merUs of Dr. Miles' Heart
Cure, as it may be the means of helping
another sufferer to try it I am sure that I
owe n-.y life and health to Dr. Miles' Heart
Cure. I had suffered for six years with pal-
citation and pain in my heart, I could not
lie on ir.y left side, I was very weak, and
slept very l'ttle because of smothering spells.
I tried ever/ thin* I could think of but rot \
no relief ui til I beffan the use of Dr. Miles
Heart Cure. I am now well and able to do
mv work ar d although it is three years since
I first used the remedy I have no sip of
heart trouble. I took m all six bottles of
Heart Cure and think it the grandest medi-
cine in the world, and it rives me : pleasure
»t all times to recommend lL — MRS. ii.
HoLUNCSWORTir, Medford, Oregon.
All druzzists sell and enarant-e first bottle
Dt. Mile! 1 Remedies. Send for free book
on Nervous and Heart Diseases. Address
Dr. Miles M -dical Co, Elkhart, Ind.
The proper family standard
for ;
tea baVlnj-powc'er «P*e»
cofi"e« favoring extracts «od*
is Schilling's Best; five kinds
of tea ; of coffee, four.
?t your jrcccr'i j msaeybacki
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
BUY
BREWSTER'S
MILLIONS
=YOUIU=
DEALER'S
TO-DAYSACRAMENTO, Sept. 11.— The Califor
nia Creamery Operators' Association
completed its fourth annual convention
this afternoon. In the butter contest John
Carlsen of Rough and Ready took first
prize. J. M. Kieser of Hollister second
prize, R. Pozzi third. Prank Hyde fourth
end George Knox of Sacramento fifth.
Creamery Operators Win Prizes.
SAN JOSE, Sept. U.-Karl Klein, a pio
neer resident of this city, was committed
to Agnews Asylum this afternoon. He
is a native of Germany and 70 years of
age. He Is the father of Karl Klein, a
prominent attorney who died a couple of
years ago. Charles E. Garrison, a me
chanic living on Martel street, was also
committed. He is dangerous at periods,
and a few days ago chased his family out
of their home with a butcher knife and
threatened to kill them. He i« it vears
of ase.
Committed to Agnews Asylum.
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept. • 11.— Judge
Thomas Burke, chief Western counsel for
the Great Northern Railway, in a few
days will tender his resignation to Presi
dent James J. Hill, severing a close con
nection with the transcontinental system
extending practically since 1887, when he
assisted In the organization of the Seattle
and Montana Railroad and worked for
the selection of Seattle as the Pacific ter
minus of the Great Northern-
Railroad Attorney Will Resign.
Sheriff Ruch declares that he will make
every effort to capture Hoffmann and to
day Increased his posse from twenty-five
to fifty members. He has found it diffi
cult to secure men as Hoffmann's repu
tation as a desperate man and a sure
shot has been corroboratively established.
WATERLOO. 111., Sept. 11.— William A.
Hoffmann, murderer of his father-in-law,
William Brandt, at Maystown, has re
fused the pleas of his aged grandmother,
his mother and his wife, as well as other
friends, to surrender or to leave the
country. He was offered a guarantee of
protection from lynching if he would sur
render, or plenty of money if he would
leave the country, but refused to enter
tain either proposition. ,
Illinois Sheriff Has Difficulty in En
listing Man Hunters for
a Pursuit.
FEAB, OF A MTJBDEBEB,
MAKES POSSE CAUTIOUS
EL.DORADO, Kans., Sept. 11.— A car
load of powder set on a Frisco siding near
Beaumont by a freight crew which did
not want to handle it while switching got
beyond control and ran several miles on
a branch line toward Winfleld, colliding
with a train which had left that station
shortly before, and exploded, killing two
and injuring two more. The dead:
MILTON PENNEFOCK, fireman, Enid,
Okla.
J. N. HOLT, brakeman, Enid, Okla.
The injured:. A. H. Merrill, Atlanta,
Kans., will die; Fred Orr, Atlanta, Kans.
The explosion tore up several rods of
track and dismantled a locomotive. The
shock of the explosion shook the ground
for miles around. People In Eldorado ran
frem their houses, fearing that an earth
quake had come and that buildings would
collapse. Other towns in the vicinity wera
also shaken up.
The fire which threatened Camp Vaca
tion near Guerneville has taken a new
start. It burned over the beautiful Rus
sian River heights, but with the help of
many willing workers the cottages and
buildings at the summer resort were
saved. To-day's wind caused it to break
out again on the west side of the moun
tain and may do much damage to the re
sort. Camp Vacation is not in much dan
ger, as a wide strip of cleared land lies
between It and the flre.
SANTA ROSA, Sept 11.— There are four
forest fires fiercely raging in Sonoma
County and many ranches and much prop
erty will be destroyed if the strong north
wind now blowing does not die down. This
morning about 7 o'clock a brush fire start
ed on the Bucchl ranch on Humbug
creek about eight miles east, of this city
and a etrone wind soon fanned it into a
huge forest blaze. A section of land
about flve miles in diameter has been
burned over. The ranch property has
been saved so far, but is threatened.
The fire which was raging on the So
noma Napa ridge for the last two days
and which was thought to be under con
trol last night has taken a new start ow
ing to the strong wind and it is threat
ening property in the mountains west of
St. Helena and east of Sonoma.
Another fire started this afternoon on
the Bertoli ranch between the town of
Occidental and Freestone. It Is burning
fiercely and there Is no telling- where ...it
will stop. In the direction In which it is
traveling are a large number of ranches
and all the inhabitants for miles around
are out fighting the flames.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Powder Oar Runs Away
and Collides With
Train.
Valley.
Forests Are Blazing in
Four Sections of the
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 1L— The bonds re
cently issued by the city of Mill Valley
to the extent of JoO.OOO, and sold to the San
Francisco Savings Union for $1050 pre
mium, have been rejected by the purchas
ers on the ground that there are several
flaws in the bonds. A new Issue will
probably have to be made.
Mill Valley Bonds Are Rejected.
SAN* JOSE, Sept. 11.— S. Tahnchi. one
of the victims of yesterday's shooting af
fair in a Japanese lodging-house, is still
alive, but physicians say his death is but
th© matter of a few days. After Kudow
had killed Mrs. Tahnchi he followed her
husband into the yard and shot him in the
back. The bullet severed the pplnal cord
and paralysis resulted. Although the bullet
has been located the physicians have been
unable to extract it. Mrs. Tahnchi will
be buried to-morrow, friends of the couple
taking charge of the funeral. Kudow will
be buried in the potter's field.
Bullet Severs the Spinal Cord.
Entire System for Distributing Elec
tric Power Will Be Bebuilt
and Extended.
HUNTINGTON" TO IMPBOVB
HIS FRESNO HOLDINGS
FRESNO, Sept. 11.— A. C. Balch. vice
president of the San Joaquin Power Com
pany and official representative of the in
terests of H. E. Huntington in this coun
ty, to-day announced that during the
coming year Huntington will spend $250,
000 In Improving his Fresno property. The
greater part of the- money will be used In
developing further electric power, the
present supply being inadequate to meet
the demand of further improvements.
Much work will be done in harnessing the
waters of the San Joaqutn to furnish ad
ditional power. The entire system for
distributing the electricity will be rebuilt
and all the latest appliances win be
put in.
The City Water Works will be extended
to Include territory even outside the city
limits, the present plan being to build a
suburban circuit, giving the people out
side the limits as good a supply as to be
obtained closer in. For the present the
extension work of the electric car line will
be discontinued. The property as it stands
consumes practically all the power avail
able and the extension of the system will
be postponed until the new lines from the
mountains are run in.
The Huntington scheme for harnessing
the waters of the San Joaquin is a gigantic
undertaking, and, if carried out, will give'
Fresno the greatest electric supply sys
tem in the world. The water rights on the
river belong to J. S. Eastwood, a sur
veyor, who has been working for years to
interest capital in -the undeveloped water
power of the upper San Joaquin.
To-Day's S. F. News Letter.
The identity of the actors and actresses who
play in "Everyman" has been carefully con
cealed up to the present tlmej^hut to-day's
News Letter gives the comply* cast, pub
lished for the first time.
There are other good things In the News Let
ter, too. Dr. Wlnslow Anderson of the Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons comes in for
a Bevere grilling:, and other public offenders are
properly chastised.
Junius, who knows all that Is going on polit
ically, gives News Letter readers the benefit of
his knowledge. :
There is an excellent short story, "Funny,
Wasn't It?" and verse both humorous and
serious.
Society, politics, dramatic and literary- gos*
sip, sharp, biting comments and authoritative
editorials help to fill the paper, and contribute
to make It the best weekly in the West. *
Bade Is Held Fending an Inquest.
VALLEJO, Sept. 11.— Charles Bade, who
shot \ and killed . Lloyd Huston, a . colored
man,; last evening, is being held in the
city jail pending the result of an In
quest. Huston was a native of South
Carolina and a veteran of the Spanish-
American war. By reason of being a vet
eran he had for the past two years been
employed as a laborer at the navy yard.
Before the shooting last. evening Huston
bought spme cartridges and the Chief of
Police found a 44-callber revolver fully
loaded on Huston's body.
Of Interest to Every Citizen.
The colonist . rates, via Southern Pacific,
mean much to California If your co-operation Is
secured. . Write to your friends. Rates begin
fiantember IB- ¦ •
FIRE THREATENS
SONOMA RANCHES
Hall of the Veterans' . Home,
Yountville, when the 700 grizzled warriors
at that place are to be entertained, by
talent from this city. Of the excellent
monthly entertainments that are given at
the home for the host of venerable in
mates, the one planned for to-night will
probably eclipse any of recent uate. Mis*
Jean Durrell, whose interesting and re
fined performances have brought her well
SPLENDID music, clever imperson
ations and general good cheer
will feature an entertainment that
Is* to be given to-night at Social
TRAINMEN KILLED
BY AN EKPLOSION
deserved fame in the past, is to be heard
in some of her best monologues, while the
Press Club quartet of this city is to sup
ply a share of the music. George King,
R. H. Hunt, R. E. Keene and A. E. Mc-
Mullen make up the Bohemian quartet
which belongs to the Press Club and
which sings under the direction of W. J.
Batchelder. The quartet long ago estab
lished itself among the best organizations
of its kind in the city.
Mrs. W. J. Batchelder is to supply th©
accompaniments for the occasion. A
small delegation of guests from this city
will co to Yountville to-day and atten*
the jinks at Social Hall to-night
PRESS CLUB QUARTET, AND TALENTED YOUNG WOMAN. WHO
"WILL ENTERTAIN THE GRIZZLED VETERANS OF THE CIVIL
WAR AT THE YOUNTVILLE HOME TO-NIGHT.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 11.— In the action of
Professor Barthel and other deposed
teachers of the city schools against the
Board of Education for reinstatement.
Judge Rhodes decided to-day that the
plaintiffs had been illegally removed from
their positions because one month's no
tice had not been given. This does not
mean reinstatement, though back salary
may be collected, for the board has re
cently removed the serving teachers in
the manner prescribed by the court rul
ing.
Teachers May Recover Back Salary.
James McConchie, a watchman, who
lives at 1746 Ellis street, had a narrow es
cape from death. He was In the shed
when the flre started and his exit was
cut off by the flanvs. He rushed to the
lower end of the shed at Fifth and
Townsend and his outcries were heard by
Policemen P. Hammond, Coleman and
Hynes.
The trio rushed across to the burning
structure and tried to break in the heavy
door. ¦ Their united efforts •were unsuc
cessful and an ax was hurriedly brought
from engine No. 10 and an opening was
made. McConchie wis dragged 'forth in a
semi-conscious condition. His hands
were burned and he was suffering frpm
inhaling the smoke. He was sent to the
Emergency Hospital and was attended by
physicians and put to bed. While his in
juries are painful, he is in no danger.
George Brinkerhoff of Truck No. 1
was also affected by smoke and was sent
to the hospital for treatment.
Some of the wires of the train dispatch
er's department were destroyed by the
flre and the train service was handi
capped until they were replaced.
A second alarm was turned in and more
engines rushed to the scene. Two bat
teries operated on Townsend street and
several streams played on the burning
structure. During the height of the flre
the brakemen employed In the Southern
Pacific yards moved their locomotives on
the sidings and hauled the burning freight
cars farther up the track. Streams were
then turned on the cars and the flames
were extinguished.
Cnief Dougherty saw that it was impos
sible to save the shed, and he devoted
the energies of the department to pre
venting the fire from spreading. In this
he was successful, as the flre was confined
to shed I. Had the wind been blowing'
there is every probability that the entire
freight sheds of the railroad company
would have been destroyed.
The loss is heavy. The shed was loaded
with merchandise for Southern points as
far as New Orleans. What the lbss is
will not be ascertained until the bills of
lading are examined. The building was
simply a long shed and can be quickly
replaced. The freight cars were loaded
with merchandise and hay. Many were
destroyed and the others were so badly
damaged that they will havo to be re
built. • -
An alarm was turned in by one of the
brakemen employed in the yard. When
he discovered the blaze it was in the cen
ter of shed I, which contains -the southern
overland freight. He rushed to the fire
alarm box at Sixth and Townsend streets
and turned in box 182. When the district
chief arrived the entire shed was envel
oped in flames and freight cars on the
side tracks were also ablaze.
Freight cars and freight sheds of the
Southern Pacific Company were destroyed
by fire shortly before midnight. The long
shed on Townsend street, between Fifth
and Sixth, was a total loss, and more
than fifty freight cars were burned. The
fire was a difficult one to handle, but Act
ing Chief Dougherty and his men had the
conflagration under control in quick or
der. ." ¦ .
Watchman McConchie and Truckman
BrinKerhoff Narrowly ¦ Escape
Death During Progress
of Conflagration.
Cars Loaded With Merchan
dise Are Totally Destroy
ed by Flames.
The unfortunate attorney claims that
the first he knew of the disbarment pro
ceedings was the notice of Its accomplish
ment on May 21, 1903. It came as a stag
gering blow to himself and family, for
he had hoped that out In this Western
world the mortifying past might be for
gotten in the making of a new career and
a good name. But the haunting ghosts
of alleged misdeeds and the persistency
of those who have deemed it their duty
to proceed against him have accomplished
Hovey's defeat and left him a discour
aged, almost hopeless man.
Hovey made a statement, in which he
denies guilt of wrongdoing. He recites In
detail the various ramifications of the
cases in the Maine courts which led to
the proceedings against him. He declares
that he did not remain in> Maine to de
fend himself because he had been assured
that the cases against him would be
dropped, and his health failing, he-de
cided to remain in California. He was
admitted to the bar at San Francisco May
12, 1902, but soon thereafter came to this
city.
From Biddeford, Me., a certified copy of
a judgment had been> received showing
that Hovey had been disbarred there, the
charges being forgery .and perjury and
consequently with that Judgment standing
over him Hovey was not entitled to prac
tice in any other State. Rather than pro
ceed legally against him here, he was in
formed pf the receipt of the copy of the
judgment and .promptly withdrew from
the practice of his profession. He will
leave this part of the country.
Hovey's troubles cover a period of sev
eral vears and he claims to have been
hounded by bitter personal and political
enemies.
LOS ANGELES, Sept 11.— Facing th©
absolute certainty of disbarment because
of misdeeds profesional and otherwise al
leged to have been committed by him at
his former home in Maine, Frank W.
Hovey, who for more than a year has
been practicing law in this 'city and who
had attained considerable prominence at
the Los Angeles County bar, has request
ed through the Car association the cancel
lation of his certificate aria will seek a
livelihood in other fields of endeavor. Had
he not taken this action the grievance
committeeof the Los Angeles County
Bar Association would have begun dis
barment proceedings from which there
could have been but one result.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The committee selected to try the
charges of Improper conduct preferred
against Dr. J. D. Hammond met In the
afternoon behind closed doors. Specula
tion Is rife regarding the nature of the
testimony presented, but nothing definite
is known relating to It. It Is known,
however, that the first specification taken
up was the charge of culpable neglect in
the management of the Book Concern,
the San Francisco depository.
The only witness examined was Rolla
V. Watt of San Francisco, a member of
the commission which succeeded Dr.
Hammond In the management of the San
Francisco depository.
At the meeting of the lay electoral con
ference this morning, when the delegates
to the General Conference of 1904 were
elected, resolutions were passed asking
for the restoration of the rule limiting the
time which pastors may serve In one
charge and opposing the removal of the
time limit from the terms of presiding
elders. Resolutions were also passed rec
ogniring the good work done by the com
mission in charge of the book depository
of San Francisco; recommending that all
persons handling church funds be re
quired to give surety bonds; requesting
Bishop Cranston to appoint as presiding
elder of the Chinese district some person
familiar with the language, customs and
peculiarities of the Chinese; that the con
ference be requested to publish in Its
minutes a report of the finances of the
Chinese district, and recommending that
no appropriation be made by the Mission
ary Society for this district unless rec
ommended by the conference.
At a meeting of the California Lay As
sociation of the Methodist Episcopal
church this afternoon "The Consolidation
of Our Publishing Interests" was dis
cussed, Rolla V. Watt of San Francisco
arguing In favor of euch action and Wil
liam Donlon of San Jose against.
At the concluding session of the Lay
Association to-night the following officers
were elected for next year: President,
Miss liar}' Dickson, Petaluma; first vice
president, A. B. Bishop, San Jose; second
vice president. Miss Helen A. Danly, San
Francisco; recording secretary, Percy R.
N. Jenkins, San Francisco; corresponding
secretary. J. E. White, San Francisco;
treasurer, F. L. Turpin, San Francisco.
The open Bession \*ras devoted entirely
to calling the roll of the conference, the
character of every member except that
of Dr. Hammond, which is under Inves
tigation, being passed.
The lay electoral conference, which met
this morning, elected Rolla V. Watt of
San Francisco, T. B. Hutchlnson of
Xapa, Miss L<ulu Mayne of College Park,
C. B. Perkins of San Francisco and
George D. Kellogg of Newcastle delegates
to the General Conference of 1904. Harry
Morton of San Jose, A. F. Gilbert of
Oakdale and Jeremiah Leiter of San
Jose were elected alternates.
PACIFIC GROVE, Sept 11.— The Cali
fornia M. K. Conference met this morn
ing for an hour in executive session, at
ihe'clcse of wfcich the names of the com
mittetfmen selected to try the charges of
improper conduct preferred against Dr. J.
B. Hammond •wvre given out as follows:
Hugh CoDeland. L. M. Ewtng, J. E.
Wright, J. W. Pendleton. J. A. Van Anda,
Clarence Reed, J. W. Phelps, "W. S. Ktlly,
I. It. Lovejoy. R. E. Wenk, W. B. Priddy,
O. E. Rich, M. J. Gough. r"rank R. Wal
ton, James \\"hi taker.
Bishop Cranston appointed Dr. H. B.
Heacock to preside over the sessions of
the committee. The counsel for Dr. Ham
mond are J. B. Chejiowith and C. K.
Jennese; for the church. J. N. Beard and
A. C. Bane.
Frank W. Hovey Claims to
Be the Victim of Relent
less Enemies.
Rolla V. Watt of San Fran
. cisco Is First Witness
Examined.
Southern Pacific Com
pany Loses Heav
ily by Fire.
Committee Begins Trial
of Charges Against
Dr. Hammond.
Forces Him to With
draw From the Prac
tice of Profession.
FREIGHT
SHEDS ARE
DESTROYED
MEETS BEHIND
CLOSED DOORS
CRIME'S BLIGHT
FOLLOWS LAWYER
tHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1903.
Miss Jean Durrell and the Press Club Quartet Will
Appear at Yountville To-Night to Entertain
Survivors of Civil War With Sketch and Song
TALENT WILL DELIGHT
HUNDREDS OF VETERANS
4
BATLWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
(Main Line, Foot of XUrkec Street )
'mti — Fsqm s«n»»B«a 3. iaO3. — a»kitiT
7.00a Bcalcla, SuUun. El in Ira and Sacra-
mento Z-*5 F
7.00a Vsxavllle, Winters, Rumsey 7.25s 1
7 JO* Martinez, Sun Haraon. \allejo,
Napa, C«U*u>£». Sants, Kosa 825p
7.30a Xlles, Llvermore. Lathrop. Stock-
ron.. 7-Zir
8 00a Cavts. Woodland. Knights Lauding.
\IsrT3Tllle, Oroville. (connects
at Marysville for UrlUley. Biggs •
andChlco) .£-|? F
8.00a Atlantic Kxpress—OsdeaindBsM. 10.2a*
8 CO* Port Costa. Martinw. AniiocU. By-
ron.Tracy.Stocs:ton,S»cr«mento.
Los Uanos. Meadota, Uftnfuril.
V1saI!s, PorterTllle 4.2S*
8.00a fort Costa, Martinez. Tracy. Lath-
rop. Modesto, Merced. Fresno.
Gosnen Junction. lUnford. VI-
""salla. nakersfleld B23F
8-30* Stansta Expres*— Pavls. Williams
(for Bartlett Spring*). tVIUows,
tFrnto. Ke.l IllulT, Portland 755p
8 30a K!lt«, San Jose. Ltveraiore, Stoclt-
t<jn,Ione.Sacnimcnto,Plac»-rytiIe,
MarysTlllc. Chlco, Ked r.'.nit 4-25P
8.30* Oaktiale. Chinese. Jnn>e»town. 80
nur-i. Tuul'.imne n:i i Arise. * 4 25?
9.00a Martinez and Way Sutlous 8 65r
1000a Vallejo 1225r
10.00* El Paso Passenger. Eastboand.—
Povt Costa. Martinez. Kyron,
Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced. Haymond. Fresno, linn-
tcrC. Vlsalta, r.siJcr.Hilcia. Los
Aunelcs and El Paso. (West-
t>oun<l srrlv«s *!» Coast Line)... f\.53r '
10 00* The O-*erlund Limited — Ugden.
Dcn»er, Omaha, chtcafro B 25p
12 00* Hsyward. N'lles and Way Stations. 325p
II. OOp Sacrsmenio lilver Steamers t11.03r
IZOr Drnlcla. Winters, Sacramento.
Woodland, Williams. Colusa.Wll-
lowj. Knights Landlnjr. Marys-
ville. OroTllle and way stations.. 10 55*
3.30P ITaywftrrt.SUrs and W»y Stntlous.. 7 55f
4 COp Mart!nez.f?»nK«mou.V»neJo.Napa.
CalUtofE*. SanU lt<>«i> '25*
4.00r Martinez, Tracy.Lathrop.Stockton. 10 25*
4 OOP Nlles. Llrcrmore. Stockton. Lodl.. 4.25»>
4 3Qp IliVTrtri. Nl!e». IrvtnetoD, San I t8.55*
Jose. Llvermore f II 1.65 a
6 COp The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tulare.
UatcersQeld. Loa AukcIus 8 35*
6 COp Pert Coata. Tr»cy. SLocWtun. Lo*
Baaos 12 25p
16 30p Ilayward, Nfles and San Jos* 7. 25*
6. COp Hayward.NIIes ami San Jose 1025a
600* Oriental Mall— Dsden. Denver.
Omaha. 9t. Louis. Chit-ago and
Ea*t. Port Costa, Kenlcla. Sut-
snn, Elmlra, Davis, Sacramento,
Rock 1 In. Auburn. Col fax.
Truckee. Boca, Uano, Wads-
worth, Wtnnemcccft, Battlo
Mountain. Elko 4.23p
>.. Reno, Truckee. Sacranirnto, I'avli,
8uigun, Beolcla. Port Costa 7-65*
6.00p Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... i t ce.
7-OOp Vallejo, Suaday only f '•»•«¦
7.00p San Pablo. Port Costa, MarUnes
and Way Stations. 11.25a
8-C6r Orepcn & California KTpr^.<— Pac-
ramento, Marysvlllr, Redding,
Portland, Puget Sourd and East. 8-55*
9.1 Op Baywkxd, Nllcs and San Jose (sun-
day only i 11.08*
11.25P Port Costa. Tracy, Lathrop. Mo-
desto, Merced. Raymond (to Vo-
semite), Fresno, U*aford. VI-
salla. Bakersflelrt 1225y
COAST LINE (Marrow ban 3 B).
(Foot of Market Street.)
746* Santa Cruz Excursion (Sunday
only) 8-10*
8-15* Newark. Centerrllle. Sun Jose.
Felton. Bouloer Creek. Santa
Crus and Way Stations 8 25?
t2.15r Newark, CenteMllle. San Jose.
New Alni.t J«"n. Los GatosTelton,
Bonlder Creek, Bnnta Cruz and
Principal Way Rations 10 53*
4-1&F Newark. San Jose. Loa Oatos and
way stations (on Saturday and
Sunday runs through u> Santa
Cruz; Monday only from Santa-
Crnz). Connects at Felton to
and from BonUler Creek 18.55*.
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FUANC1SCO. Footer Market St. (Slip*)
— tt:15 »:U0 ILUOa.M. 100 300 &.15P.M.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Kroadway — ?»:ou {3:09
t8:05 10:00 a.m. 12 00 2 00 4.00 P.si.
COAST LI N ETTuTSaTi •*«»»:«).
tar* ( third aqj l'ownaen'l Streets.)
6-10* San Jose and Way Stations 6-337
t7 CO* San Jose and Way Stations 5 33'
/¦16a Monterey and Sant» Cruz Excur-
sion (Sunday only) 8-33p
8.00a New Almaden (Tues.. Frld., only), 4.1 Or
8 00a Coast Line Limited — Stopsonly Saa
Jose, tilrroy (connection for Ilol-
lliter), Pajaro. Caatrov!I!e. Sa-
llnas, San Ardo, Paso Robles,
6anta Margarita, San Lois Oblspo,
Guadalupe, Surf (connection for
Lompoc). Santa Barbara. Saugua
and Los Angeles. Connection at
Ca*trovlll0 to and from Monterey
andPaciae Grove 10.43*
t.CO* San Jose. Tres Plnos, Capttola,
* 8aataCruz,Pac!flcGroTe,Sallna*,
San Lais Oblspo and Principal
Intermediate Stations 4.107
tO. 30* 8an Jose and Way Stations 1.20V
11. 00* Cemetery Passenger — South San
Francisco. San ltruno 1.C5?
11-30* Santa Clara. San Joae. Los Gatoa
and Way Stations 7.30P
«130p San Jose and Way Stations X 7 OOP
2.00r SanJoio and Way Stotlons 19.40*
2.30p Cemetery Passenger — South San
Francisco. San Bruno / <35p
13-COr Del Monte Kxpress— Santa Clara.
San Jose, Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connects ac Santa
Clara for Santa Cruz. Itonlder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points) ri2-15»
i.iCt Pacific Grove and Way Stations—
HarlJnjrsme.San .Mateo.Hodwood,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto May field.
Mouctain View, Lawrence. Sant*
Clara. San Jose, . l.llruy. Uollls-
ter, Tres Plnos). Pnjaro. Watxon-
Tllle. Capltola. Santa Crnz, Caa-
troTllle, Salinas.. .,„ 10 4S*
4-30» San Jose and Way Stations 8-38*
b CO San Jose, (tU Santa Clara) Los
(luton, Wright and Prln-.lpal w»j
.. __ Stations (except Sunday) 9.00*
tb-30>- 6an Jose and Principal Way Stations t8 00*
1 6-1 bt- banMateo.Ueresrord.Kelinoni.San
Carloa. Cedwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto «J.45»
6.30* Ssn Jose and Way Stations ... 6.38*
7 COp Sunset Limited. Eastiiouud.— San
LuU Oblspo. Santa Burhara. Los
Angeles, nemlnit. Kl P»«o. New
Orleans, New York. (Westhound
srriVfS»laSHnJos<ii:lnV»llfy)... «-«2S%
B.OOePalo Alto and Way Stations 10.15*
ll^OrSoath San Francisco. MUlbrae,')
Burltnirame. San Maten, Bel- j
mont, San Carlos, Redwood, I
Fair Oaks. Menlo Purlc. Palo- I51?t
AUo, MayQcId. Mountain View, | ?S-«» r
Sunnyvale. Lawrence, Saata i
Clara and iann Jos«/ J
A for Morn inc. P for Afternoon.
x Saturday ami Sunday only. * Sncday only.
5 Stops at all stations on Sunday.
t Sunday excepted. a Satur4a7 only.
« Via Coast Line. w VU h*n Jouquln Valley.
6 Reno train eastbonnd discontlnaed.
E7~Only trains stopping at Valencia St. soutbboand
ai«6:10*.jt..n:OOA.3i»ll:CO*Ji.. 2:30 P.M. and«:30 P.M.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave . Via Sioauto ferrr Arhvs
SsmFran. Ha at Market St. San Fran.
Week Sun- TBiL "~~ Sun- I Week
- Dayf. days /fS^rSS?*^ rlAys ) Da-.-a.
»:45a S:UUa r^5iSS?^3 rTToON it-.isi
l:4»p 9:OOa ICfc^gg^tT 19:SOp3:3Op
S:lftp 1O:UOa 3:3Op 3:30r
Irtarfayii »ilj. Kits TStoi t O;3Or.trrT»iy. 1 1:3Ot>
tICllf i &» Massuct St_ (North Sbore Kailroiut>
fl7*ICB ) and SaUsaixto Futxv Fout Martet Si.
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 jp&r Year
DE. PIESCE'S EEMEDIES.
THE FfRST STEP
Of the child is an event in the mother's
life. How proud she feels when the
attempt to walk is begun so early as to
evidence childish courage and sturdy
strength. Such pride should -be enjoyed
by every mother. But it often happens
that the child is timid, j^^
weak and deficient in/*»-j^
vitality, and clings to the %*<r^^_
mother's arms with no fjLM&bk
desire to walk or plav. fvOof fc3j
Mothers should learn [ «|i
that to have strong chil- V |4J|
dren they must them- H>v»T§f*S
selves be strong, for the /Pv-d
child's strength is JW a-'
the gift of the . \w£&Y |\
mother. *x^T7TfVy n
The nse of Dr. H
Pierce's Favorite fij-^A |3
Prescription by III jj\^
expectant mothers / • I |
gives them health / I \ \"^^H
and strength to / II
give their chil-/ J f JEi S
oren. It nour- <^>A^™***ctl r^
ishes .the nerves,
strengthens the body and gives great
muscular strenglh and elasticity, so that
the baby's advent is practically painless.
•I have been using Dr. Pierce's Favorite Pre-
scription, and otn sty it is just what you adver-
tise it to be, and can cheerfully recommend it "
writes Mrs. Victor J. Hadin. of Leonardville
Rilcy Co.. Kintas. -I began taking: it just two
months before baby came and was greatly bene-
fited by its use. The doctor who attended me
eaid I did about es well as any one he had seen
(as X was sick only about three hours), and also
that your ' Favorite Prescription ' was 'the one
patent medicine 1 which he did have faith in.
• We oow have a darling baby bov, strong and
healthy, who weighed mue pounds when born
(July sStb). During: this month he has eftined
three and one-half pounds."
"Favorite Prescription" makes weak
women strong, sick women well. Accept
no substitute for the medicine which
works wonders for weak women.
The People's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, a book containing 1008 pages, if
given away. Send 21 one-cent stampr
for expense of mailing only, for the booi
in paper covers, or 31 stamps for the
volume bound in cloth. Address Dr.
R. V. Pierce, Buffido. N. V.
ADVEBTISEM^TSL
ABSOLUTE SECURITY
Genuine CARTER'S -LITTLE LIVER PILLS must bear
. Fac-simile Signature of /^w^^/ 1
SALLOW SKIN. r a ™^*~ J^^^^^™ m u
R Small Plir.
Small Oos«t
Small Pries.
Genuine Wrapper Printed on +T «*" L '
RED PAPER BLACK LETTERS y^^c^P^^ZT^
Look for the Signature * IZ^-*^' ~f ,<£'<' *C
BATLWAY TBAVEIa
j -
Popular Excursions
To the East.
j There are many reasons why our-
i Personally Conducted excursion parties
are so popular — one of tjhem is the char-
, acter of oar special conductor service.
: Oar conductors are picked men.
'¦ They must be competent and well
informed, of course, but besides that
their manner and way of taking care,
of things most be acceptable to our
; patrons.
A cheery, good-natured, willing, well-
informed conductor can add greatly to
I the comfort and pleasure of the party.
: Our conductors are of thia sort.
You can rely upon that.
Kindly inquire about oar Personally
Conducted parties before yoa make up
your mind how to go East
$6 for a double Bleeping berth to
Chicago or St. Louis.
j W. D. SANBORN, Gen'l Agt Burlington Route,
: 631 Market Street, San Francisco.
844
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN Jil. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCiSCU ANU H08TH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Perry, Toot oX Market St.
SAW PBAHaSCO TO SAW RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS- 7:30. 8:00. 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ;
12:35, 2:30. 3:40. 5:10, S:SO. 6:30 and II UO
p. in. _
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
8UNDAYS— 7:30, 8:00. 0:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30,
2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 6:.1O. 11:30 p. m.
SAXT BAPAEL TO BJLS FBAKCI3CO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:05. 6:50. 7:35. 7:50, 9:2O.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50, *2:00, 3:40, 5:00, 5:20,
6:25 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:43 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35. 0:20, 11:15 a. m.; 1:45.
3:40, 4:50, 5:00. 5:20. 6:10. «:23 p. m.
'Except Saturdays.
Leave |- In Effect I Arrive
Fan Francisco. [ May 3. 1903. [San Franglgco.
Week I Sun- I Dcitlna- I Sun- j Week
Days. I days. [ tlon. | days. ( Days^
7:30a 7:45 a 7:45~a
7:30a 8:00 a 8:40 a 8:40 a
i 8:0Oa 0:.10a Ignacio. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30p 6:0Op 6:2Op
5:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
7:30a 7:30 a 7:45 at 7:45 a
8:00a 8:00a Novato. 10:20a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma. 6:20 p, «-20p
6:10p 2:3Op and 7:25p 7 25 d
5:10 p Santa Rosa, f P ( P
7:3Oa 7iSOa 10:2Oal0:20a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6-20 d
2:30 p 2:30 p T:2Zp
i | Windsor. ~j j
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Healdsburff, 110:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Geyservil'le. J 7:23 p 7-25 d
I j Cloverdale. |
7:30a! 7:3Oa| Hopland 110:20 allO:2O a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Ufctah. | 7:25 pj 7:25 p
7:30a| 7:30a| Wllllts. I 7:23 p| 7:25'p
S:0Oa| -8:0Oal Camp Vacation. 10:20 allO-20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Guernqville. 7:25p|6:20p
? : ?2 a l ? : 92 a l Sonoma. 8:40 ai 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. 6:00 p[ 6:20 p
7:30a 7:30a] ilO-20a 10-20a
.2:30 p 2:30 p| Sebastopol. |?:23p eSgoj
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs: at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton Tor Lytton Springs; at Gey-
¦ervllle for Skaggs Springs; «t Cloverdale for
the Geysers. Booneville and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Sprlnes
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Spring. Upper Lake. Pomo
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside LJerly's'
Bucknell's. Sanhedrtn Heights, Hullvllle. Orr*s
Hot Springs, Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens. Hopkins, Mendoclno City. Fort Brag?
Westport. Usal; at Wlllits for Fort Bragg'
Westport. Sherwood, Cahto. Covello. Laytonl
ville. Cummlngs, Bell's) Springs. Harris Ol-
sen's. Dyer, Carbervtlle, Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, COO Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. Jt. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
II^^^S&^ji T 0 SAN RAFAEL*
OUENTIN,
k^ri^M MILL^ ALLEY '
CAZADERO, ETC.
S^^S^Rt^Kra via. Sausalito Ferry
WEEK DAYS — (Holiday* excepted) — 6:43,
t*7:45. 8:45. 0:45, 11 a. m.. 12:20. 'IAS. 3:15.
4:15. t&:15. *«:W. « : * 5 » 9 - 11:43 P- m -
7:45 a. m. train week days does not run to
Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS AND LEGAL HOLIDATS— 7,
t». t*». t*10. 11. f 11:30 a. m.. U2:30 t*l:30.
2:35, ?3:80, 5. C 7:30, 9, 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
Those marked (t) to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m.
Saturdays. On Saturdays the 3:15 p.m. train
runs to Fairfax.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN 1'RANCISCO
— Week days^ — 5:25. J0:25. 7:40. 8:15. f-> :•>.>.
11:05 a. m.. 12:30, 2:20, J3:45, 4:50, 5:30, QAb,
10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— fl: 15. 7:33, tS:10. 8:40, J10:53.
$11:45 a. m.. 12:50. 2:30, »:25. 4:40, J5.50.
<J:55. 7:35. 10:20 p. m.
Trains marked U) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRAN^
CISCO— Week days— 6:45. 6:40. 7:45, 8-25
9:45, 11:10 a. m.. 12:40. 2:45. 4:13. 5:10 7 : 03
10:40 p. m. • •••«».
. SUNDAYS— 6:33. 7:55, 10. 11:10 a m 12-03
1:05. 2:40, 3:45. 4:55. 6:05. 7:10. 10:40 "p m
THROUGH TRAINS. P
7:45 a, m.. week days— Cazadero and way
stations.
0:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way. stations. '
lUttonaf' m " Saturda y s - Caza< Je«> «nd way
Sundays and Legal Holidays— a a. m Caza
dero and way stations. * *- aza -
Sundays and Legal Holidays— 10 a. m. Point
Reyes and way itatlons • olnt
TICKCT OFFICE— «26 Market at.
FEBRX— Foot ot Market at.
AIVEBTISETTKTTT8.
is not only the best soap
for toilet ? and bath but also
for shaving. Pears was
the inventor of shaving-
Established over too years.
For Stomach Disorders
Gout and Dvsoepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
A. VIGNIEB CO., San Francisco.
dvisrr DR. -JORDAN'S great i
OF ANATOMY?
A g& ,1051KABaT3T.lii.6; tt *7ft.3.r.M lf )
\ Cf ,., Th * Largest Arutsmlcal Mutcum in the \
" sf9nS*^. Wt>rld - Weaknesses or any contracted A
L £«2sN disease p^iHUrly nn« bt ike «ldt,i f
6 Ajpcfd DR * JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ I vWrfl^B C°n«"'<«lon free and strictly pritite \
0 I kWL S TrMtmenl personally cr by letter. A A
\ fl W ft M FonUv * ft ""«'ne»ery case undertakes. T
0 V II II W w ' ite for Book, PBlLOMUPay m f A
\ II II BAnillASS, MAILED FREE. [AT
A fl II- »»l>»bl« book for mm) \
V «>«. JORDAN * CO.. I0S1 Market St.. 8. F Y
Q^^S&^BA, -S»Av -SS>
JQ Those suffering from weak-
_ W^ nesses which sap the pleasures
- * * ¦ of life should take Juven Pills.
tst One bottle will tell a story of
marvelous results. This medicine has more
rejuvenating, .vitalizing force than has ever
been offered. Sent by mail in plain packaee
onlv on receipt of this adv. -and $L "*"
Made by its originators C. I. Hood Co., pro-
prietors Hood's Sarsaparilla. LowelL Maai.
EAILWAT TBAVEIa,
CALIFORNIA I
LIMITED TO CHICAGO. I
1 leave* Mondsys sad Thursdays at 9:S0 «.m. . f I
I Through la a days with Diacrsaod all trappings. H
I Our other trains go at II
7:3IUM 1 for Stockton, Fresno, , I
1:30am V BakersfieU. Merced, |J
8:00pm) Haaford, VisaUa. " |
4:00pm for Stockton. ' ||
1:00pm for Kansas City and Chlcaaro. ||
Office. 641 Market St., and In Ferry if
% Depot; 1112 Broadway, Oakland. f
I Trains Icav* Ma'rkit Strtct Ftrry. HSentenced for Burglary.
William C. Graham, who was recently
convicted of burglary In the first degree,
was sentenced yesterday to serve four
years in San Quentin. He broke into a
French laundry at 3372 Mission street on
the morning of June 14 and rifled the
telephone box.
A first-class lunch and quick service for
25 cents at The Noble Cafe, 209 Pine street,
between Sansome and Battery. •
Wants to Administer Estate.
Vincent Reid applied for letters of ad
ministration on the estate of Mary
Cooley, deceased, who died Intestate. He
claims the estate is valued at under 510.
000.
AGED FRENCHMAN DRINKS
CYANIDE OF -POTASSIUM
Repfoved by His Son for Intemperate
Habits, He Leaves Home
and Dies.
James B. Moulin killed himself yester
day because »he had been upbraided by
his son Louis for his dissipated habits.
The' suicide was 74 years old and a candy
maker. He had been out of employment
for some time and had been residing with
his son's family.
His son had reproved him several times
for drinking so much, and the old man
resented the reproof, and left his son's
house last Thursday morning, taking his
trunk with him. At 8 o'clock yesterday
morning his dead body was found lying
on the steps of 520 Natoma street, a
small pill box labeled "cyanide of po
tassium" and a flask half full of whisky
lying at* his feet. The whisky had the
strong characteristic odor of cyanide of
potassium.
The dead man was a native of France
and a widower.
Robs Printing 1 Office.
' The susnicious actions of a man on
Clay street, between Montgomery and
Sansome. last night attracted the atten
tion of Patrolman J. E. Reed and Special
Officer Frank Glllen. They followed tRe
man and were finally rewarded by catch
ing him coming out of the Shannon print
ing establishment. 509 Clay street. On
being searched a "jimmy" with which he
had forced an entrance to the printing
place was found in the prisoner's pocket.
The pocket also contained many nickels,
¦which it was afterward discovered had
been stolen from the telephone In Shan
non's office. The telephone had been
broken open by the fellow. At the prison
he gave his name as Patrick J. Nolan.
He is supposed to be the man who has
lately been committing numerous robber
ies in that particular quarter of the city.
At all the mines In the neighborhood of
Jackson large quantities of all kinds of sup
plies. In the way of logs, lagging and lumber
are being received. The contractors are hurry
ing the delivery of these things with all pos
sible speed. It is not merely the approach of
fall that causes the contractors to rush ,the
delivery work. There. Is another and perhaps
more potent reason. In all contracts there is
a strike clause, providing that In case of any
labor trouble the companies will be under no"
obligations to take supplies during the exist
ence of such trouble. This provision has acted
as a spur to those furnishing supplies to get
them all on the ground as quickly as possible
while everything is moving along peacefully.
They have the supplies on hand in tho moun
tains, and it Is natural that they should uu
The Redding Searchlight says that the
Eastern parties interested In the Balak
lala mine, on Squaw Creek, Shasta Coun
ty, are coming out to inspect it. Seventy
five men and five drills are kept running
constantly on development work. Drifts
and upraises are being run in the lower
levels. The ore is being blocked out into
100-foot squares.
A queer circumstance is receiving the
attention of the Amador Ledger, which
says:
The~Keystone people have expended a large
amount of money in opening up their'prop
erty A hard-rock tunnel was run In a dis
tance of 430O feet, which tapped the ledge
some 000 feet below the old works. Twenty
men are employed. A drift is now being run
to tap the shoot below the shaft. In time
the company will erect a mill on the property.
The old Sierra Buttes keeps pegging away.
Fifty men are employed in working above
the No. 7 tunnel. Thirty stamps are kept
running. Richard Phelan is at the head of
the Buttes Saddle mine, which is opened up
by a long tunnel. It is expected that much
more work will be done there in the near
future. A local Sierra City company, com
prised of A. Thomas, C. Joat, J. Johnston and
others, is the owner of the William Tell mine.
They have the mine opened up by- a tunnel
and some very promising ore has been taken
out, with a good prospect of a mine ahead.
There is a ledge which averages from twenty
to thirty feet in the Poken Flat mine, while
the ore assays $15 to the ton. A roller mill
on the mine has crushed much ore and the
company feels encouraged. J. \V. Finney ha«
done a great amount of work at the Tele
graph mine, eight miles above Downieville.
At the Belcher gravel property fifteen men are
employed.
The Papoose mine, in Jim Crow Canyon,
owned by Wehe. Taylor & Morse, is under
bond to E. F. Harris, who Is running a tun
nel. One ledge has already been tapped and
there are several hundred feet of backs. I.
Copeland has run a long tunnel at the Buck
ingham mine In Jim Crow Canyon, to tap
the ledge under the old shaft Around Logan
vllle a number of quartz locations have been
made this summer, most of them being on
the north side of the, river, and the parties
hope to open up some new properties.
Miss Edith Grace Chaquette to
James W. Redpath, which will be solem
nized at the Westminster Presbyterian
Church next Wednesday afternoon at 4
o'clock. The bride-to-be Is the daughter
of Mr. . and Mrs. E. M. Chaquette, who
reside at 1140 Page street, and is widely
known in the city, especially In church
circles, in which she has for several years
Sierra City, a long tunnel has been run
to tap the ledge, a local company doing
the work. This summer considerable
work has been done on the tunnel at the
Colombo mine, near Sierra City. Some
time— ago a cave occurred and the ore
shoot was lost, but an effort is being,
made to, find it again. Messrs. Cook,
Spellenbcrg, Devlne and others have been
working the mine for a company. The
old Freeborough mine, near Poker Flat;
has been worked for years, and last
spring a fine run was made, over eighty
ounces of gold being taken out In two
weeks' time, the work being done with a
hand mortar. It la expected that the mill
will be running soon, as the old ditch has
been repaired. Hayes, Flint & Co. are the
owners of the Queen mine, near Logan
vllle. They have a\ tunnel Into the ledge.
It is expected that a San Francisco com
pany will take hold\of the property. Ten
men have been employed at the Moun
taineer mine, which .Is owned by T. Berg
er and operated by /an Eastern company.
An air compressor and pump were install
ed several months (ago and a shaft has
been sunk from tha tunnel, in which the
ledge is of good qublity.
Messrs. Meiklejohn \t Stevens have had
ten men at work on their cyanide plant and
have been working the sand troi.i the old
Young America mine, which was "a,t one time
fabulously rich.
At the Cleveland mine, on the hill above
Sierra City, a shoot of ore was tapped a
few months «so and an upraise is being run.
The ten-stamp mill may be started at any
time.
AN event to which a large number
of young people in this city are
looking forward with a great
deal of interest is the wedding of
The Nevada County Miner tells the fol
lowlnc not unfamiliar story:
A. C. Van House and his partners, number
ins In all twelve or fifteen men, who have
for several months past been working on the
bed. of the South Yuba River at Hoyfs Cross
ing, six miles from thia city, have abandoned
the enterprise, and after paying all the bills
they had contracted for supplies, etc., took
their departure yesterday for San Francisco.
Most of them were laboring men and me
chanics at the metropolis. Not one of them
had any practical knowledge of mining. They
chipped in ?luo apiece and, coming up here
went to work. They were told by local mlnlnit
men that Ah Fye & Co. had worked the claim
thoroughly Eeven or eight years aeo and
cleaned ud all the dirt worth handling They
were also advised that th^ir efforts ' would
probably be wasted But they had confidence
n the ground. They ran a 400-foot tunnel
through a i*)int and diverted the water in
that direction, leaving the original channel
dry. They sank to bedrock In man* places.
The gravel was barren and there was no gold
on the bedrock. They spent a great d»al of
money and did a creat deal of hard work for
nothing. They take their hard luck philosoph
ically. Said one of them yesterday
"The experience will be worth a great deal
to us. And the summer spent In this glorious
climate of yours has made us hardy and
rugged and riven us a new lease of life W>
are not kicking."
AN OLD-TIME STORY.
every effort to eet them to their destination
speedily, so that they can get them oil their
hands.
taken an active part. Mr. Redpath Is an
assistant in the office of James Hosburgh
Jr. of the Southern Pacific Company's
passenger department and has a host of
friends, who are bestowing on him their
congratulations over the near approach of
his marriage.
Rev. Dr. Logan of the Lebanon Pres
byterian Church will officiate at the wed
ding, to which 100 guests will be invited.
W. H. Woolcock and Alexander Boss will
act as ushers. After a short honeymoon
the young couple will take up a residence
In the western part of the city.
ESTIMABLE YOUNG LADY, WHOSE APPROACHING MARRIAGE TO
JAMES W. REDPATH IS INTERESTING A LARGE NUMBER OF
THE YOUNG PEOPLE OP THIS CITY.
The words "song recital" gain new
meaning when a singer like Denis O'Sulli- !
van is at the back of them. Last night
Stelnway Hall was crowded with an au
dience that? listened to a programme of
twenty-six songs (without encores) and at
the end clamored for more. Tho pro
gramme throughout was a delight. Illus
trating every phase of Mr. O' Sullivan's
versatile art. Irish songs, German songs,
Strauss and Esposito, songs grave and
gay, lively and severe, the singer seems
equally at home in them all. The Strauss
song3 were the chief novelties of the
evening, and If Strauss were always so
Interpreted there would be lrttle danger
of him being charged with unmuslcal
ness. r Particularly happy in its brimming
humor is "Fur Funfzehn Pfennige," a
complete comedy in Mr. O'Sulllvan's ren
dering. The "Herr Lenz" is also conspic
uous for its gayety, and the tender "Mor
gen" furnishes another mood. Two songs
by Hugo Wolf are new here, the "Anac
reon's Grab" and "Fussrelse," both pleas
ing, but not greatly original. As usual,
there was a group of child songs of Tau
bert and Liza Lehmann, and as gravely
classic as Mr. O'SulIivan can be In say
"The Two Grenadiers," he is here a child
among children. » V ' ¦
When this gifted Irishman sings there
Is nothing between one and the song. It
is the heart of the song, its essence, he
strives to give, and so wonderfully suc
ceeds In giving. Perhaps, though, he is
more acutely in sympathy with his Irish
ballads, that of course formed a large
part of the programme. These he seems
to have been born singing. There was a
group given last night that was sung in
the House of Commons June 3 of this
year, when Mr. O'SulIivan was the guest
of the Irish party. It was the only occa
sion on which any songs have been heard
in the House, and one wonders how the
House dare permit it when one hears the
O'SulIivan sing "The Wearing of the
Green." 'Twere enough to make Fenians
of us all. This is unhappily the singer's
only recital, and he will leave here for
England next week.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
O'SULLIVAN'S
SONGS TOUCH
MANY HEARTS
One of the Chinese substitutes made a
statement to the effect that at 7 o'clock
Deputy Gamble made the following
i-tatemen; to a reporter: "I went to the
County Jail to take down the six re
mand cases to the Gaelic. Jailer Dasher
delivered them to me, and I compared the
photos that I had with the prisoners and
they were the right ones beyond a doubt.
1 took them to the steamer at 9 o'clock
and delivered them to the steerage stew
ard. At half past 12 I went to the steam
er again and was shown the six substi
tutes. Captain Schell of the Immigration
bureau asked me whether those were the
six men that I had placed on board the
Ft earner. I replied that they were not.
There could be no mistake about it They
were not the men I had taken there."
STOBY OF A DUMMY.
Hackman Martin, who had driven the
deputy and his prisoners to the Mall dock,
r.as sent for and declared that the six
men shown him were not th© ones he
had delivered to the ship. He said that
he took Deputy Marshal Gamble and six
Chinese from the Jail to the steamer,
that the hack did not stop on the way
«nd that no change was made whatever.
"Are these the men you delivered on
board the Gaelic this morning?" was
;,sked of him by one of the Inspectors.
"No. sir; they are not," replied Deputy
Gamble promptly.
GAMBLE DENIES.
Persons well acquainted with the Mon
golian element reported to Mr. "Wood
worth recently that it was common talk
In Chinatown that J200 and $300 per head
were being paid certain unnamed per
sons for substituting for deported and re
manded Chinese -other Chinese who wish
ed to return to their native country with
out being obliged to pay steamer fare.
It was said that in some Instances the
substitution was made at the jail, and
on other occasions at some point between
th« Jail and the steamer.
Xt the request of the United States At
torney, Charles Mehan, chief Inspector of
the Chinese bureau, detailed several of
his men yesterday morning to keep watch
tt the steamer and elsewhere for the ar
rival of the Deputy United States Mar
shal, whoever he might be, and the six
young Chinese men who had been re
manded by United States Court Commis
sioner Heacock to the custody of the
steamship company, Judge Heacock hav
ing decided that they were not natives
of the United States and therefore not
entitled to be landed. Deputy United
States Marshal Peter^Gamble came down
to the Mail dock at 9 o'clock yesterday
morning in a hack with six Chinese whom
he delivered to the custody of Steerage
Steward Leslie on board the Gaelic At
half past 12 o'clock, in response to a tel
ephone message from the Chinese bureau,
he went down to the dock and was shown
six Chinese men.
This eame was blocked, however, a few |
w-f-ks apo through the efforts of Wood
worth, who obtained a ruling from Unit
rd States Circuit Judge Morrow and
I'nited States District Judge de Haven to
the effect that they would refuse to issue
writs of habeas corpus unless it appeared
on the record that the applicant's claim
to land had been investigated by the Chi
nese Bureau and that larding had been
denied the applicant.
Contrary to all expectation, this ruling
seemed to have but little result. While
it effected the object sought, that of al
lowJrig' the officers of the bureau an op
portunity of taJting- the statement of th^
epplicant before he could be coached by
his friends en shore. It did not dam the
stream cf applications for habeas corpus
writs. Although United States Court
Commissioner Heacock, whose duty It Is
to take evidence in these cases, remanded
seven out of every ten who came before
him, the appetite for writs seemed un
abated. Then It was that the suspicion
of substitution arose.
CHI1TESE BSIBEBY.
JUDGES BLOCK THE GAME.
One of the foremost officials in investi
gating the affair and in preparing for the
sensational denouement of yesterday is
I'nited States Attorney Marshall B.
VVoodwonh. He has suspected for some
time jiest that the old game of substitu
tion was being played on a larg<^ scale.
He had observed that during the past
few weeks attorneys for the Chinese had
been very assiduous Sn applying for writs
of habeas corpus, the petitions alleging
that Chinese born In the United States
nnd returning to this country after visit
ing China were illegally deprived of their
liberty by the agents of the steamship
< ¦'¦imi>anlos. Th^se casos on behalf of the
Government were handled by Second As
sistant United States Attorney Duncan
K. MrKinlay and Third Assistant Ben L.
McKlr.ley with so much success that
seven out oj every ten applicants were
ordered remanded to the custody of the
t camfhip company. It was thought at
first that the writs were sotten out for
tho purpose of having the immigrants
taken from th«? ship to the County Jail
for the purpose of coaching them as to
the story to be afterward told in court
by them and their witnesses.
WOODWOETH SUSPECTS.
A flagrant case of the substitution of
six Chinese for six others who had been
denied a landing was unearthed yesterday
by the Federal authorities. The Jialf
dozen dummies are now In custody and
th© b:x pretended native-born Chinese
who were to have sailed for China >es
terday on the steamship Gaelic are at
laxgv.
Deputy United States Marshal Peter
Gamble !a the official who delivered six
Chineee to Steerage Steward Leslie of the
Gaelic yesterday morning. He says that
not one of the six Chinese taken off the
steamer and now held as prisoners was
ever la his custody. He will early next
week make a statement to the Federal
Grand Jury with regard to his conduct
In the matter.
According to hi* statement the substi
tution must have taken place on board
the eteamer after he had delivered his six
prisoners to the steward and affVr he had
left the dock. Officers of the Chinese Bu
reau say that this !s an impossible
theory; that In order for It to be even
remotely plausible It would be necessary
that the six substitutes Ehould be smug
pled on board and the six deported pris
oners should walk down the gangplank
in full view of the Chinese inspectors and
customs officials, and this, they say, could
not have occurred.
Exclusion Act.
United States District Attorney's Of
fice "Unearths Wholesale Conspir
acy for Evasion of the
Discovery Seriously Compro
mises Deputy Marshal
Gamble.
Tom Yung was arrested on Dupont
street last night by Chinese Inspector Me
ban and charged at the City Prison with
aiding and abetlng the landing of Chi
nese. Other arrests of persons suspected
of being In the plot are looked for to-day.
yesterday morning he was taken to a cer
tain place In Chinatown by a friend and
introduced to a white man, who took him
and five other Chinatown Chinese to the
"big red building"— -meaning the Apprais
ers' building, in which is situated the of
fice of the United States Marshal. The
white man took them up several flights
of stairs and locked them In a room.
Later in the day he took them down
stairs, piled them Into a hack, which con
veyed them to the Mall dock, where the
same white man delivered them on board
the steamer.
The Federal authorities had taken pre
cautions before the sailing of the Gaelic
to discover whetber any substitution was
going to be attempted. Officers were sta
tioned on the Mail dock at the gang
plank of the Gaelic and on board the
steamer. They say that the six Chinese
who were delivered by Gamble were
closely watched until they were locked up
on the steamer and the door of the room
was guarded. The officials say also that
the six substitutes now In their custody
are, beyond the possibility of any doubt,
the same six who were delivered by Dep
uty United States Marshal Gamble on
board the steamer and that no further
substitution was possible.
There is considerable doing among the
mining properties of Sierra County.
Much prospecting is In progress about
Downieville and Sierra City.
At the St. Louis mine, four miles below
SIERRA IS LIVELY.
It is pretty well understood that this offer
of the Standard Company is only a preliminary
one and will be followed right up. In the
event of the wells proving- as rood as No.
3 and the price of this oil advancing. It is the
intention of the Final Company to extend the
pipe line to the beach where \-easelg can load
readily and Without the necessary expense In
cidental to handling: the output of the wells
o\er railroad lines.
The Bakersfield Californian tells of the
plans of the Standard Oil Company In the
direction of Increasing the flow of oil
through the great pipe line that leads
from Bakersfield to Point Richmond:
While the Standard's big pipe line is car
rying a good stream of oil continufcusly to
the tanks at Point Richmond the Standard,
is still considering means of increasing its
capacity and the company has not yet given
up the project mentioned before in these
columns of Increasing the number of relay
stations. Before this Is finally determined
upon, however, an experiment is to be made
on the first division out from Bakersfleld,
where it will be ascertained definitely what
will be the effect of intermediate stations.
At the pipe line camp known aa Kimberllna,
fourteen miles from Bakersfield and half way
to Pond, the company has erected a new tank
and with the same capacity as the others on
the line and connections are now being made
from the main line to this tank. With tho
oil repumped at this relay station It will be
determined accurately Just how much, if any.
the capacity of the line can be increased. It
is expected that the actual experiment will be
made within the next ten days and If the re
sult is satisfactory the distance between the
pumping stations will be decreased by the
addition of ten more relay plants, thus making
the distance between stations fourteen instead
of twenty-eight mile*.
Great things are going on among the
oil men. but the parties In interest keep
their own counsel. Certain influences
are striving hard to pick to pieces the bij?
combination known as the Associated Oil
Company. One corporation that belonged
to the association withdrew some time
ago. A second company's acts are now
the basis of a lawsuit, in which the offi
cers of the Associated Oil Company ap
pear as the plaintiffs. Between the As
rociatcd Oil Company and the Standard
Oil Company the struggle for absolute
control of the California market Is con
tinuing with persistency. Wits are
matched against wits and capital against
capital. The Standard Oil Company has
just made a large purchase of oil In San
Luis Obispo County, taking 120,000 barrels
from the Pival Oil Company. The con
tracts are on the basis of a 23 per cent
gravity oil, the price to be regulated by a
sliding scale or graduated list, according
to the actual gravity. The San Luis
Obispo Breeze says that the deal has been
under way for some time.
The Standard Company will go to work im
mediately on the 30,000-barrel tank which will
be built at Port Harford for the reception of
the oil. It is the Intention of the T»cal com
pany to pipe the oil to Graciosa station a_nd
from there to Port Harford it will be handled
by the Standard Company over the narrow
gauge line and tn cars provided by the Stand
ard.
BUYS LARGE OUTPUT.
The ore from the Stickle and Cross shafts
has all bTn worked tn the Stickle mill on the
ether Fide of the hill, and the Gold Cliff and
Madison have each a mill of their own. Tha
closing of tlw Utica part of the mino, there
fore. Is but a small part of the great mine.
and Is no more than has been expected for
some time.
The Day shoot of the main Utica lead
pitched to tha south, and at -a. depth of less
than 1000 feet the old Utica north shaft was
out of ;iay. The ground about the north shaft
has be<»n pretty well worked out. and has been
subject to a ffpneral subsidence from the sur
face. For several years It has »>een difficult
ta run the old Utica mill, as the ground be
noath It warned and wrenched it out of all
semblance of mechanical rules.
In addition to the KtW. the Stickle, the
Madison arid the Gold ClifT are the chief mines
ot the gruup. The main shaft of the ("tica
was ihe must northerly of the Kroup of mines.
Then came the south shaft of the Vtloa, which
f-R5 been out of commission since the big cave
which occurred some twelve years ago. Then
ianc the Stickle and later the Cross shaft,
through the last two of which most of the
pold ncs rrme of late years. The Gold Cliff
and the Madison shnrts art on a different lead.
The faot that the ftica mine has closed
flomn at Ani?e!s has been Widely circulated in
the press of the State and is likely to create a
lalee imprepsion in the way the story is told.
It may be well to give some explanation of
the matter. The name T'tica has been gen
erally applied to the extensive holdings of the
Ltica Company, which comprises Alviuza
Hayward. the Hobart Estate Company and C
I>. Lane. Though the Utica min»> was the
orijrinal mine that gave the name to the com
pany, the fact is that this mir.e was on'.y one
of the many mines, and for many years has
;Toduced but a small part of the bullion.
THE UTICA PROPERTY.
The facts concerning the closing down
of the Utica mine, the famous old pro
ducer of wealth in Calaveras County, have
not been completely stated. The Cala
veras Prospect says that what has been
closed is a pmall part of the property.
Mining: men are finding properties in the
State that they are picking up eagerly.
A Chicago company has secured the
Phe!ps Hill gravel deposits in Nevada
County situated between Grass Valley and
Omeica. The Mountain Copper Company
has bonded the Blue L*dge mine in South
ern Oregon, close to the California line.
This last statement is made on the au
thority of the Jacksonville Sentinel. An
ajcrrecmont has been entered into by which
T. A. Bluett will sell to Charles A. Gillis.
a half interest in the Santissima quartz
mine in Tuolumne County. The price
named is SlO.OtH) for the half interest.
The Gold Point mine. miiAv-ay between
Downieville and Sierra City, in Sierra
County. Is Tinder .jond and the first pay
ment has been made thereon. There is
a ten-stamp mill on the property.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 11.— The funeral
of Homer Buckman, whose death oc
curred near Colfax on Monday last, will
take place to-morrow from his late resi
dence. Eighteenth and H streets. The
funeral will be held under ihe auspices
of the Sacramento Lodge of Elks, of
which Mr. Buckman was one of the char
ter members. The funeral services will
be conducted by the Elks at their ha'l at
1:15 o'clock in the afternoon and they
will accompany the remains to the City
Cemetery. Rev. C. L. Miel, rector of St.
Paul's Episcopal Church, will read the
burial service at the residence. The In
terment will be private.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Rector of St. Faul's Episcopal
Church Will Read the
Burial Servics. %
Officials Find Dummies
Substituted for Re
jected Chinese.
Large Operations Progress
That Are Linked With
Oil Wells.
Elks to Conduct Funeral
of the Late Homer
Buckman.
Search for Minerals Goes
on in Many Parts
-<» of State.'
EXPOSE PLOT
FOR LANDING
MONGOLIANS
WILL BE BURIED
AT SACRAMENTO
BUYERS SECURE
MINING CLAIMS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. SEPTE31BER 12, 1903.
Miss Edith Grace Chaquette and James Redpath,
Widely and Favorably Known, Will Be Married
on Wednesday Afternoon at Westminster Church
ARE LOOKING FORWARD
TO THEIR WEDDING DAY
5
OCEAN TEAVEL.
e Steamers leave San Fran-
d5co as follows:
For Ketchlkan. Juneau,
Haines. Skagway. etc..
Alaska— 11 a. m.. Sept. 13.
IS. 23. 28. Oct. 3. Change
to company's steamers at Se-
attle.
For Victoria, Vancouver,
Port Tow naend, Seattle, Ta-
coma. Everett, Whatcom — 11 a. m., Sept. 13.
18. 23. 28. Oct. 3. Change at Seattle, to this
company's steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry. :
at Seattle for Tncoma to Jtf. P. Ry.: at Van
couver to C. P. Ry. 1
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona, 1:30 .
p. m. Sept. 13 10. 25. Oct. 1; Corona, 1:30
p. m." Sept 10, 18. 22. 2S. Oct. 4. I
For' Los Anfteles (via Port Los Anseles and .
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
Stare of California. Thursdays. 0 a. m.
For Ims Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Croi. Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay J? a. m.. Sept. 14. 22. 30, Oct. 8.
Bonita. 0 a. m.. Sept. 10. IS. 26. Oct. 4.
For Enflenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia.' Guaymaa (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For farther information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to chanee steamers or sail-
ing dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wr.arf. --.,".'
FJelgnt office. 10 Market street.
C D. DUNANX. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. /?- & N. CO. \
"Columbia" ealls Sept. 10, 20. 30, Oct. 10. 20,
30. "George W. Elder" sails Sept. 15. 25.
Oct. 5. 15. 25. Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND, OR., and short rail line from Portland
to all DOlnts East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail at LOW-
EST RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth
and meal!i. Steamer ealls foot of Spear st. at
11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH, Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept..
1 Montgomery st. : C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt.
Frt. Dept., 3 Montgomery st.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and HON£KOXG. calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
S. H. HONGKONG MARU (calling at Ma-
nila) Saturday. September 19 1303
S. S. NIPPOX MARU '. .
Thursday. October 15 1903
S. S. AMERICA MARU '..
Tuesday, November 10, 1803
Via Honolulu. Round trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage, apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
¦ W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
COMPAGNIE GENEEALE TSANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^.—
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of^Rrg5i|
Saturday, at 10 a. m.-, from Pier 42, mJtnKUm'
North ' River, foot of Morton st.
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-clasa to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mare ;«Umd and Vallajo dtoasiT*.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
0:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo.
7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. 50 cents. TejL
Main 1603. Pier 2, Mission-sL dock. HATCH
EHOS.
JL/ § 0 **_ /ft/? w^ * £vt;t».t*»
AJDVEBTISEMENTS.
A Danger Period Through Which
Every Woman Must Pass.
Owing to jnodern methods of living, not one woman in a thousand
approaches this perfectly natural change without experiencing a train
of very annoying and sometimes painful symptoms. At this period a
woman indicates a tendency towards obesity or tumorous growths.
Those dreadful hot flashes, sending the blood surging to the heart
until it seems ready to burst, and the faint feeling that follows, some-
timoe-with chills, as if the heart were going to stop forever, are only
few of the symptoms of a dangerous nervous trouble. The nerves are
crying out for assistance. The cry should- be heeded in time. Lydia
E. Pinkliam's Vegetable Compound was prepared to meet the needs
of woman's system at this trying period of her life, and all women who
"' use it pass through this trying period with comfort and safety.
TWO C0LUHN5 OF PROOF.
[ " Dear Mrs Pinkham : — I was sick work. I know your medicine tared
and nothing seemed to do me any good my life and I cannot praise it enough. "
until I began taking Mrs. Pinkham's Mrs. Lizzie Rokcap,
medicine. 519 Smith St., Millville, N.J.
•• It was Change of Life with me „ n ,, Pm _. M . _ t !,.„
nndfalling of thewoml^-- worked JdaU m^and when thS
pains all through my body. I had a f Lif / ame j flowed
a terrible cough and people thought bad!y K for week3 at a time . 1 won V 4
I had consumption. stop for a day or two, then sta^t
"I took six ; bottles .of .Lydia JE.- ? j wen £ see a doctor ani
Pinkham's^ egetable Compound * h h an examination> and
and two of Blood Purifier, and two dollars for med; .
boxes iLiTer Pills, and I am now stouter f d doctor , 8 bm but j did not
than I have been for a long time. I fa Uef j expecte<L
: $ ar V}° *U "S Y°i ™.°JV£SSS»S "At that time I saw I.ydla K.
Lydia E. Pinkliam s \ egetaWe Pinknam . s Vegetable Compound
verify these statements, I will gladly j w - sh woman sniferi
ans-wer their letters. from femalo tTO £ hle w<rald tr y it. t
Mus. Claki Chkzem, Jewett, 111. rec ommend it to all my friends."
| " Dear Mr.s. Pixkham : — For seven Mbs. Wm. Diilt, Millbank, S.D.
years i had been Buffering, was pass-
ing through tho Change of Life, and " Dkab Mrs. Pctkham: — I feel H
my womb had fallen; menses were so a duty I owe you and every suffering
prof use that at times I was obliged to woman, in the, land to tell oi tho
lie on mv back for six weeks at a time, wonderful results I have found in
could not raise my head from pillow. using L>ydia E. I*inkham\s "Vesrc-
I had beea treated by several phy- table Compound and liver Pills.
cicians, bat got no relief. " Passing through the Change of
" I was r.d vised by friends to try Life, some of the physicians consulted
Liydin. K. Pinkham's Vegetable said nothing but an operation would
Compound, which I di." 1 , and after save me. But your medicine alone
taking it six weeks I was able to be cured me." — Mrs. Magitoiaa. Deas,
arnnnd &D tho tiiue and, do my house- 1441 First Avenue, Evansville, Ind.
~OR FE1T if •*¦« cannot forthwith producs the original lattort and liznattirM ol
%T5im! testimonials, which will prove their absolute genuineness.
O*-'y ' ¦ *¦* x Lydl» E. Piakluun Medicine Co.. Lyoa. Mm*.
OCEAN" TRAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK-SOUTHAMPTON— LO.VDON.
N. York.Sest. 18.10 ami St. Louts. Sept. 3O.1O am
Phil*. . Sept. 23. 10 am|N. York. Oct. T. 10 am
.?TX.A2TTXC TBAHSFOBv U3TE.
New York — London Direct.
Mesabo-Sept. 12, 9 ami MInapIs. Sept. 26. 9 am
Mln'tka,Sept. 19. 4 pmlMInhaha.Oct. 3. 3 pm
Only First-class Pajtsergers Carried.
DOMINION LINE.
Boston — Qneenitown — Liverpool.
Commonwealth. Sept. 2-t [Columbus fnew).Oct. IS
New England ... Oct. ljCommonwealth.Oct. 22
Mayflower Oct. RJN^w England. -Oct. 2i>
Montreal— Liverpool-— Short sea passage.
Kensington Sept. 12]Southwwk Oct. 1
Canada Sept. 26 Dominion Oct. 19
Boston Mediterranean Direct
AZOKES— GIBRALTAR— NAPtES— GENOA.
Q»mbroman..Sat.. Sept. 19. Oct. SI. Dee. 12
Vancouver Sat.. Oct. 10. Nov. 21
KED STAR ilNE.
V ew Toxk — An tw srp — Paris.
Flnland.Sept. 12.10 am|Kroonlnd.Spt.2t!. 10 am
VadTnd.Sept.10.t0 amlZeoiand.Oet. 3. 10 am
whits stas uzn:.
New Tork — Qneenstown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
MaJestlc.Sept. 10. noon I Cymric Sept. 23. 8 am
Celtic. .Sept. IS. 3 pm Victorian. Sept.2». noon
Oceanle.Sept. 23, 7 amlTeutonlc.Sept. 30. noon
C. D. TAYLOR, Passenger Agent. Paclflc
Coast. 21 Post at.. San Franclaco.
oceaBics.s.co.s»»i
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday, Sept. 17, 2 p.m.
S S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Sept. 20, 11 1. m.
s!0 ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Sept. 28. 11 a.ra.
4jj?Kcms4Bmw.. AaXTicM8nb.su Sinn*
* fn^tlQa.323BarbtSL.Pbrlx7.raa2ktL
iGHOS&BOCl 151) CBISABT DI3C3A23S1
A CURE IN *S HOURS.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. tS VIGOR*-
tor and N«rrlne.
Th« moat wordertol aohrodlstae and SpaeUI
Tonic tor the Sex^zl Orsana. tor botn taxes.
The Mexican Remedy for Dla«a»«» of ta»
Kidneys and Bladder. Belli on Its own menu.
NABER. ALF8 ft BRUNE. Aienti.
823 Market «C. 8. F.— <3«nd for Circular*,*
MAR1^£T ST. sfStS^
WEBBXY CAIX ?1 PEB TEAS.Russia, it is said, is creating discord between
Japan and China, that out of the row she may gain
some profit. It setms idle to provoke a fight be
tween two fellows one of whom can't quarrel and
the other dare' not. Besides, Japan is looking di
rectly to the bear for her row.
An Oakland man, seduced by the alluring adver
tisement of a better way to live, issued by an enter
prising firm, tried the treatment and had one of his
ribs broken. He is now asking damages, and it does
seem that even in Oakland going about with broken
ribs certainly is not the better way to live.
Four desperate convicts attempted to escape a few
days ago and each was dangerously wounded by the
guards. It is almost unnecessary to say that the
break for liberty did not take place in a California
penitentiary- We have more consideration for our
caged malefactors. The incident and its satisfactory
conclusion took place in Alabama.
A gang of armed and drunken French soldiers at
tacked and injured some of Uncle Sam's soldiers a
few days ago in Peking and the French commander
give deeply significant interest to the affair by choos
ing to consider it of no importance. He probably
will be informed by his Government that any insult
or injury to the United States is now a matter of seri
ous consequence to any nation. <
COMMANDER PEARY has obtained financial
backing for another voyage of Arctic ex
ploration and the Navy Department has
granted him leave of absence to undertake the ven
ture. It is expected by the explorer and by his
friends that he will this time complete the long quest
by reaching the pole. In fact Mr. Darling, Acting
Secretary of the Navy, in granting the request for
leave, said: "The discovery of the pole should be your
main object. Nothing short of that will suffice."
Commander Peary therefore will have not only the
promptings of ambition but those of friendly and
official urging to impel him to make a supreme effort
this time to crown the long work of Arctic explora
tion by making his way to the pole if it be humanly
possible to do so.
The plan upon> which the new adventure is to be
carried out promises well so far as it can be judged
by the public, and it will be accepted with confidence
coming as it does from one so experienced and so
successful in Arctic exploration as Commander
Peary. Under its terms the expedition will start next
April and go direct to Cape York at the southeast
extremity of Greenland, where a number 6f Eskimos
will be taken on board, and the company will then
proceed to Cape Columbia, a point about 400 miles
distant from the pole, where a permanent camp will
be established as a base of supplies for the various
expeditions that may be made in the direction of the
pole itself. '" "r ;.
The line of advance proposed is based upon a con
viction of Commander Peary that while the travel
immediately after leaving Cape Columbia will be ex
ceedingly rough it will become less and less difficult as
one advances. Peary says: "It is my theory that the
further one gets across the ice and away from the
land the smoother the ice will be and that finally the
traveling will be comparatively easy."
In making the advance every care will be taken to
safeguard the explorers against the dangers of the
north. As far as practicable caches containing sup
plies of all kinds will be established at frequent inter
vals along the route. I It is the expectation that by
starting in April the r ~explorcrs will be able to force
their way to Cape Columbia before being compelled to
fix winter quarters. With the earliest return of light
in the spring an expedition will set out for the pole.
In his letter of application for leave of absence
Commander Peary in outlining his plan said of that
f chase of the exploration: "I should expect to accom-
PEARY AND THE POLE
The Globe predicts that at a not distant future the
West will imitate New England and substitute women
for men in nearly all rural industries,. but the opinion
will not be shared, by the people of the West. The
soil of New England is so barren that it cannot sup
port a family living up to the normal American stand
ard, and so it passes to the foreigner immigrant who
sets his wife and daughters to work; but that kind of
soil doesn't prevail west of the Hudson. It will be a
long time before the United States as a whole is af
fected by economic conditions that now exist in New
England, and until that time comes the Western man
will continue to run the farm machinery from gang
plow to hay rake, while his wife, and daughters "sit
in the parlor, sew a fine seam and live upon straw
berries, sugar and cream."
Possessing little or no capital and largely ignorant
of the uses of farm machinery, the incoming peasants
from Europe are working the lands of their New
England homes in the way to which they were accus
tomed in the Old World, and as a result the "hired
man," once so familiar in the country, is being
crowded out by women workers in the fields. In
most cases the women who work the fields are mem
bers of the family owning or at least occupying the
land, but it is not always so. It has been found that
the employment of women in the fields is in many
cases more economical than that of men, and they
are being substituted extensively in truck farms
around Boston.
Commenting upon the change the Boston- Globe
says: "It will mean a new race of farmers in New
England. It will mean a regeneration of the deserted
farm, but it will also mean a new social element in
New England life that sooner or later will make itself
felt and heard in the councils of State and nation. In
the long run wealth inheres in the soil. The Ameri
can boy may go to the city, dress well and apparently
help form a qertain social upper crust, but the for
eigner who puts his whole family, into the field, man,
woman and child, is slowly amassing the wealth. If
his children seem rude now they will be polished later.
Ignorance is not natural to any race."
OF late we have heard comparatively little of the
once loud complaining over the abandoned
farms of New England. It appears* the farms
are being once morq, occupied and cultivated and
there is no longer any fear that the rural districts will
revert to the wilderness. Now, however, there comes
a new complaint. The incoming occupants of the
farms arc not of the old type of farmers. Some are
rich people of the cities, who use the land for summer
homes or for game parks, while others are foreigners,
who are cultivating them by methods quite different
from anything to which New England has been accus
tomed.
WOMEN AS FARM HANDS.
When the high school boys of Haywards were re
fused a holiday a few days ago they thereupon threw
down their books, expressed defiance and walked out
of their classrooms. They seem now particularly well
situated to learn what is known in economic litera
ture as a lockout, a very different process from a
walkout.
THE original cause of the strike by telephone
linemen is entirely lost sight of in the crimes of
violence against person and property to which
some of the strikers have resorted. When they quit
their job they stood upon American rights. It is the
right of any man not to work. Bujt it is equally the
Tight of any man to work in any lawful occupation.
The law protects men in the right to quit work and
it should equally protect men who want to work.
What would be thought of a proposition to legally,
or by illegal force and violence, compel any free man
to work against his will? The common sense of
mankind would at once see it truly as tyranny, base
and intolerable. So the common sense of honest
mankind fees in the prevention of labor by union
strikers the basest of tyranny, made all the more intol-,
crable by the cowardly crimes by which it is enforced.
The striking linerr.en, by their mob attacks on hon
crit men who want to work, have compelled the spec
tacle, humiliating to an American, of workmen com
pelled to have constant police protection to keep
from being murdered. Nothing can inflict greater in
jury upon our country than this. It means that we
have among us an organized class of men who have
no regard for the rights of others and none whatever
for their own character as American citizens.
That they are defiant of the rights of the com
munity is proved by their criminal cutting of tele
phone wires and cables. That crime is a blow at the
community, aimed at its life. It is the crime of de
j-picable sneaks, committed covertly, in the dark, at
hours when it imperils the life of people in no way
parties to the issue raised between these criminals and
iheir late employer. It imposes inconvenience and
inflicts loss that are not felt by the telephone com
pany. The public has borne it in grim silence and has
Detrayed no impatience with the telephone company.
But the criminals who aim this blow at their late
employer must understand that their crimes have
alienated public sympathy from them, and every
decent citizen would gladlv- aid in inflicting upon them
punishment thst would fit their crime.
It is well for petty magistrates, who perjure them
selves and violate the law by favoring these enemies
of mankind who are brought before them red-handed,
to reflect that they will not be forgotten at the polls
by decent citizens, whose rights they fail to protect,
in order to curry favor with oath-bound criminals.
CUTTING TELEPHONE WIRES.
The will of Andrew Ilussey wa3 filed
for probate yesterday. He bequeaths to
the son and the daughter of his deceased
sister Nellie of Tullamore. Ireland, and
to the son and the daughter of his de
ceased brother Patrick, also of Tulla
more. his entire property, to be divided
among them, share and share alike. Pat
rick Cahill of this city is appointed ex
ecutor without bonds.
Will of Andrew Hussey Is Filed.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies. 50c a pound, in artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st.. above Call bldg. •
Special Information, supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
A STATEMENT is published that bears upon
the arguments made in favor of making all
taxpayers furnish capital to invest in the
Geary-street Railroad. As the figures are traceable
to the public reports, that should be in the hands of
the Boar.d of Works, their verification is easy. The
statement quotes the report of the City Engineer on
the estimated earnings of the proposed street rail
road as follows:
Operating expenses $148,000
Maintenance of plant 30.000
Interest account 24.8SO
Sinking fund 17,750
Total $220,550
Estimated earnings \..... 200,000
Annual loS3 $20,550
This, however, is not the total loss which will fall
on the taxpayers if the bonds are made a lien on the
city. The road owned by a private corporation
would pay tax, royalty and license as follows annually:
Taxes $10,000
License 450
Royalty 8,400
Total $18,850
This added to the loss between receipts and expendi
tures makes an apparent annual loss of $39,400.
This official showing detracts somewhat from the
rosy tinting given to the proposition by its support
1 crs and puts them in the attitude of trying to induce
j the taxpayers to contribute capital for a non-paying
investment. If the official figures be correct and a
net loss be in prospect it is in every view wrong to
extort the capital for such an investment from all the
taxpayers of the .city. If, on the other hand, the
claim that the business will yield great iyofit be true
the enterprise can raise its own capital and should
carry its own bonds. So in the one case making the
bonds a lien on the city is an outrage upon the tax
payers and in the other it is unnecessary.
The Australian colonies are verging on bankruptcy,
caused in great part by building railroads bonded
upon all the taxpayers instead of upon the plants
themselves. Those colonies have populations ex
ceeding a million people in each. But the insidious
system proposed here has grown into a burden
greater than they can bear.
The people of San Francisco should insist that
such a mistake be not made here. It is useless to
say that if the bonds are a lien on the road alone no
one will buy them. That will simply show the enmity
of wicked and predatory capital. Mr. William Ran
dolph Hearst will buy them with his benevolent and
philanthropic millions, devoted so freely to the shep
herding of the human race. But if he will not buy
them, based on the road alone, why not? He has a
newspaper here in which to answer the question.
LADIES* CARDS-J. A. L-. Citv. A
lady's card should have the prefix Mrs.
or Miss. The eldest unmarried daughter
of a family should have her card read
simply, if her name i3 Mary Black. "Miss
Black." not "Miss Mary Black." .The
younger sisters if unmarried Bhould havo
the Christian name on the card. If there
are two unmarried ladies in a house, one
belnp the sister of the husband and tho
other his daughter, the sister does not
come in «.-- e class given above, but sh»
should have her vlsitinc cards written
according to her condition In society.
How they should be written would de
pend if there are other sisters or if she
is classed arnons the old mald3. Thft
daughter should write on her cards her
family name with the prefix Miss. It
might happen that both would, under
the rules of etiquette, be entitled to use
the prefix instead of the Christian name.
The fact that they reside in the sam*
house and bear the same family name
does not make the sister a member of her
brother's immediate family, and if gh»
be the eldest daughter of th» family of
which her brother is a direct member
she shouloT use, her visiting cards with
the prefix Miss, just the same as the eld
est daughter of her brotuer.
Sunday afternoon the much talked of
balloon race will take place at Coney
Island, near Cllu House, between Pro
fessor Vosmer and Mile. Anetl, to decide
the championship of the world for a
purse cf $soo. *
Vosmer and Mile. Aneti.
TWO BIG* BALLOONS.
At the regular monthly meeting of the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children, held yesterday. Secretary "White
reported that of th* 219 little ones in
volved in the Investigations of the offi
cers during the month of August, 77 were
afforded relief. Of these 25 were placed
in institutions. 2 in families and 3 were
returned to their parents. It was shown
that the society was progressing finan
cially and otherwise.
Many Children Are Aided.
Lovers Parted by Angry Parents.
Miss Rosa Pimentall, who eloped from
Pescadero with Charles Pelletier. was
taken back home by her father yester
day morning. Pelletier'will be detained
at the City Prison till word is received
from the girl's father n» to whether he
will prosecute him for abduction. Peile
tier asserts that his action was not crimi
nal, as he intended to marry the girl and
would have done so if it had not been
for the interference of her father.
THE GEARY STREET BONDS.
Commander Peary is making preparations to haz
ard the perils of the north once more in search of
the north pole. After all we can admire the persist
ence with which a man pursues a determined purpose
even if we may not applaud his object.
THE SEAL. ROCKS-A. V.. City. On
the 4th of April. 1S6T. Congress grante-l
the seal rocks oil the Cliff House to th-j
city and county of San Francisco in trust,
and the same since then have been placed
under the care and custody of the Board
of Park Commissioners. The seals that
Inhabit the rocks and immediate vicinity
are protected by law. There was a
bridge that at one time connected the
Cliff House under the Foster management
with one of the rocks. It was a wooden
structure. On the afternoon of April *.
1SS4. while there were about fifteen per
sons on that bridge some mischievous
boys commenced to sway the structure
from, side to side and In a few moments
it brtike and the people were precipitated
in the ocean. None was drowned, but
aeven of them were badly bruised.
SATURDAY SEPTEMBER 12, 1903
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
/ 1 irttt Ail Communlcotlont to W. S. Et Wana _ a f .'
TELEPHONE.
AEk for THE CAXL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
f'CBLICATIOjr OFFICE... Market and TTilrfl* S. F.
LDITORUL BOOMS SIT to 221 Steven»on St.
Delirered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cta,
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Tm* tr Mall. Ineludln* PosU«e (Caah With Order) :
DAILT CALL (Including; Sunday). on« rear $8.00
PAJLT ('ALL (Including; Pundarl. • moath» 4.OO
DAILT CALL — By Blugle Moclh ...Toe
(CXDAT CALL. On* Tear *•*"*
v. EEK.LT t i gm Tear »". l.OO
f Dally... fS.80 Per T«ar Extra
I0BIXGK POBTAQB \ Sunday- 4.15 Per Tear Extra
I Weekly.. 1.OO P«r T«ar Extra
All Postmasters «r* acthorlied to receive
subscriptions.
Eaepl* eeplea will be forwarded when rcqueatad.
Mall mbecrlben In orferln* cbanr» of addr*t» ihould t*
particular to tire both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In ord«r
to lsavre a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
X11S Bretdwar Telephone Malm 1O83
BERKELEY OFFICE.
S14S Center Street Telephone North 77
C. GEORGE KltOGXESS. Manager Foreirn AdTer
,l,ln C , Marqnette Building-, Chicago.
(Lens EMat&ao* Telephone "Central 2419.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
KORTOX E. CRANE 1406 O Street, S. W.
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ITEPHES B. SMITH 3O Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CABXTON Herald Square
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brent&no. 31 Union Square;
Murrey Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fherman House; P. O. New« Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Tremoot House; Auditorium Hotel; Palmer Houie.
DRASCI1 OFFICES— C27 Montgomery, corner cf Clay, ejwa
until 6:S0 o'clock. S00 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
ilcAllltter. open until t:30 o'clock. 618 Larkln. open until
¦ :SO o'clock. 1M1 M;«s»lcn, open until 10 o'clock. 2241
Itarket. corner Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
fecda, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NE. corner Cfcurch and Duncan Btreets, open
uatil 9 o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-eecoad and Kentucky,
open tntll P o'ciock. ?£00 Fillmore.' open until 9 o'clock.
COLOR DECORATION— A., Jamestown.
Cal. In decorating with bunting in the
United States the colors should be re<l.
white and blue, the red on top. If tho
blue la on too th*t is the 'French tri
color-blue, white ajid red. If in deco
rating with printed muslin and the blu
is studded with stars, liien that repre
sents the American flag, and in that case
the starry blue goes at the head.
Baehr stated that he would sign the
demand of L. J. Welsh as concrete in
spector ast soon as the Board of Educa
tion drew it on the proper fund.
Superintendent of Schools Langdon and
School Director Woodward made a visit
of inspection yesterday to the Everett,
Fremont, Pacific Heights and Sherman
schools, and as a result the Board of
Education has decided that no addi
tional classes will be formed in the
schools named. It was reported to the
board that the classes were, rather over
crowded, but the Everett School was the
only one in which such was found to be
the case. Some of the classes had five
pupils and others three in excess of the
regular number and It was not deemed
advisable to form a new class, as it would
be difficult to classify pupils of so many
different grades.
In the other schools it was found that a
number of pupils on the waiting list
could not be accommodated at the pres
ent time and some arrangement will be
made whereby they will be able to attend
other schools in the vicinity.
Auditor Baehr yesterday refused to
audit demands on the school fund, aggre
gating some $1700. and passed by the
Board of Educatiin, on the ground that
the amount named would be an. overdraft
on the fund under the one-twelfth provi
sion of the charter. Baehr decided to
withhold payment of the demands until,
after all the teachers and laborers in the
School Department had been paid and he
ordered the demands to be sent back to
the Board of Education without his ap
proval. The latter body sent the demands
back to Baehr with a request that he give
his reasons in writing for refusing to
affix his signature thereto. The required
information will be forthcoming from
Baehr to-day.
JACKSONVILLE, Or.. Sept. 11.— The
Gold Hill dam across the Rogue River,
built to conserve the water for power
purposes, has revealed a bar of placer
gold In the bed of the stream whiclfc»is
believed to contain $250,000. Alexander
Orrae, foreman of dam construction, was
discoverer of the gold-bearing gravel.
He panned out $100 In two and a half
hours, but as soon as the fact that gold
existed in the bar became known the
Condon Power Company, to whom the
dam belongs, refused to allow further
mining operations. Extensive prepara
tions are being made to work the prop
erty. The dam, which holds back the
waters of Rogue River at this point,
caused the formation of a gravel bar. and
It is in this that the placer gold has be<»n
found. It evidently came down the river
and lodged within easy reach of those
who have spent thousands of dollars In
perfecting the dam in order that electri
cal power might be supplied to the sur
rounding country.
The bed of Rogue River adjacent to the
dam is being thoroughly prospected, and
other large gold deposits are expected to
be found.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
THE HAIR-C. B. K.. City. To pro
duce the result In the hair that you de
sire consult some hair artist. Much may
depend upon the condition of the hair.
It is hardly necessary to go over all the defects,
diizdvantages, annoyances and irritations that are in
herent in any system of customs inspection 2000 mile3
from the port passengers desire to enter. One might
a* well establish the customs inspection for the Atlan
tic Coast, not at Boston, New York or Philadelphia,
bf«i in Ireland. The fact that Honolulu is politically
a 1 art of the United States does not affect the com
merc.sl remoteness of the port from this city, not
does it overcome the natural effects of time and dis
tance. Inspection at that point is too far away to
serve any good purpose, and as a result it is chiefly
notable for its annoyances and for the number of pro
tests that have been sent to Washington against a
continuance of it.
A part of the work of investigation will be that of
inquiring into the needs of California in the way of
better provision for the safety of shipping. Upon
such matters it is hardly likely there will be any con
flict of testimony or difference of opinion among
those whom the visiting officials may question. It is
well known there is an urgent need for an improved
system of lightships, beacons, Ulioys, fog signals, etc.,
along the coast, and the investigators will readily find
ample evidence to sustain all that the city and the
State have asked for in that respect.
The issue with which the visit of the officials is
chiefly concerned is that involved in the claim of the
Collector of the Port of Honolulu to examine and
inspect at that port the baggage and personal effects
of all passengers who arrive there on their way to
San Francisco. The claim has doubtless some rea
sons to justify it, and yet it is certain that however
good such reasons may be they are more than offset
by those which are advanced by the objectors. Hono
lulu is about 2000 miles distant from San Francisco
and it is self evident that a customs inspection of bag
gage at that point cannot be made effective to pre
vent smuggling here, while it can and invariably does
cause an immense amount of annoyance to passen
gers.
The inefficiency of inspection at Honolulu for the
purpose of preventing smuggling at San Francisco
will be apparent to any one who reflects upon the
problem. As the would-be smuggler does not intend
to leave the ship at Honolulu he can remove the
dutiable articles from his baggage, secrete them about
his bed or some other place on the ship and then
pass his baggage up for inspection with impunity.
As soon as the inspection is over he can replace the
dutiable articles and come to this port serene in the
assurance that he has his certificate of inspection and
his permit to Jand and so can come ashore without
further 'rouble.
Inspection at Honolulu is therefore advantageous
to the would-be smuggler at San Francisco, but it is
a great annoyance to honest passengers. In the first
place while the ship waits at Honolulu most passen
gers would like to be free to see the city and some of
the fights of the island, but if they are detained on
shipboard to have their baggage inspected they are
deprived of that pleasure. That, however, is by no
means the end of their trouble, for when the inspec
tion hss been made the Honolulu officers place cus
| tome, seals on the trunks and boxes they have in
! spected and thus passengers are compelled to make
the voyage of 2000 miles without access to their bag
gage. Under any circumstances such restrictions
would be a nuisance, but when it is remembered that
the voyage from Honolulu to San Francisco is a jour
ney from the warmth of the tropics to one of the
coolest and breeziest points of the temperate zone it
will be seen that to exclude passengers from an op
portunity to change their clothing before arrival here
is tc subject them to risks of a serious injury to
health.
•-> ONSIDERABLE gratification will be felt in
I this city over the arrival of Robert B. Arm-
strong, First Assistant Secretary of the Treas
ury, and N. N. Stranahan, Collector of the Port of
New York, for the purpose of investigating at this
port a number of matters of which^here has been a
great deal of well founded complaint. t
TEACHERS MUST
BE PAID FIRST,
SAYS AUDITOR
DAM BUILDERS
DISCOVER GOLD
IN ROGUE RIVER
plish the distance to the pole and return in about ioo
days or a little more, an average travel of about ten
miles a day. Returning, I should break the ship out
late in the season and return home. If ice conditions
the first year were such as to prevent reaching the
northern shore of Grant Land I should winter as far
north as practicable and force the ship to the desired
location the following year. In this event the expedi
tion would be gone two years."
The expedition, while it involves danger and hard
ship, is by no means such a perilous undertaking as
Arctic voyaging was in the days of Sir John Franklin
and his immediate successors. Experience has taught
how to avoid many of the difficulties that beset early
explorers and science and invention have devised and
constructed many appliances that lessen the work of
exploration. The new enterprise therefore has a rea
sonable basis for the hopes of those who undertake
it, and it may be we shall have the satisfaction of in
cluding among the triumphs or our republic that of
the discovery of the pole for which so many heroes
have sought in vain.
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
A NEEDED INVESTIGATION.
¦ . • ¦ . ¦ ¦
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1903.
All Stanford is vibrating with suppressed excite
ment and anticipation. The junior girls have de
cided that the momentous time has come for them to
choose a class hat While this vital millinery problem
h unsolved everything else must wait
A Los Angeles clerk was arrested a few days ago
for criminally manipulating time checks used by his
employers. There is serious reason to believe that
the young man will soon be serving time with stripes,
not checks, as an accompaniment to his industry.
6
mi, ,| .¦¦(¦¦IIMHIHm I ¦! ..-----^-~-»M»MMBM«»«MilM>aBMW«iMM«'i^"^"»^ |
j \N BLACK, WHITE AND RED [— jj
¦ ¦ £
V • %
1 MEDITATION. ?
I TRAIN NEWS AGENTS AND ALL NEWSDEALERS SELL THE CALL
j Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents.
1 THEY ARE FRAMING THE CALL ART SUPPLEMENTS I
I— The Following Art Dealers Are Making a Speclaltf of Framing Gall Art Supplements: f f
. SACRAMENTO— Hevener. Mier & street; Gage's art store. 509 East SAN DIEGO— W. P. Fuller &. Co..
•Co.. 615 J street; C. N. Davis, book Main street; Weber's art store. 425 71 F street.
BrV 8 «i 7 Tm? tr « L B ~ East Maln street. FRESNO— Sronc© & Dick.
xf P £? A , LI i MA — **• S " Gutermute. J. MARYSVILL.E— Q. W. Hall. REDDING— W. H. Bergh. "Bersh \
JwTnfp-r- „ t OAKLAND— E. J. Saake. 13 Tele- Furniture Company"; T. J. Houston. \
bA ., J OS>E — George Denne. M. Len- rraph avenue; A. A. Barlow, 369 Houston Furniture Company.
Ze 2rt£,~.,?5v^ « Twelfth street. REDWOOD CITY — \\. I>. Kline.
Morris Bros.' book ALAMEDA— C. P. Magajmos. 1358 SANTA CRUZ— H. E. Irish. Cooka
store. 20 .North El Dorado street; Park street. Bros.. F. R. Hew. George Hoban.
Btockton Racket store. 711 East Main CIIICO— Fetters & Williams. JACKSON— E. G. Freeman C«XCaptain Jacobs, master and pilot of the
steamer San Pedro, lost his license yes
terday, and must remain idle or follow
some other occupation than that of a*
master and pilot during the next four
years. He had failed to keep a logbook
and to exercise the crew in the boat drill.
The punishment was imposed by Cap
tains O. F. Bolles and John K. Bulger,
United States Local Inspectors* of Steam
Vessels. It appeared that when they
were making their inspection of Jhe San
Pedro they found the fastenings of the
life boats in bad order, and when they
called for an inspection of the logbook in
order to learn whether the crew had been
drilled in unslinging and sending out the
life boats Captain Jacobs thereupon in
formed the inspectors that he had not
made any entries in the logbook since last
February.
For neglecting these duties the statutes
provide that the license of the offending
master shall be revoked. Captain Jacobs'
license would expire in 1907.
SAN PEDRO'S CAPTAIN
LOSES HIS LICENSE
John Schamberger, 545 Folsom street,
corroborated Eads. R. Carr, who at the
time of the shooting: lived at 532 Folsom
street, testified that he heard shooting
and when ho went outside Sample was
being taken away in the car. He picked
up a pair of brass knuckles from the side
walk close to two spots of blood and gave
them to a sergeant he met a few minutes
later. The brass knuckles were produced
and admitted for the purpose of identifi
cation. .
J. L.. Eads, 547_Folsom street, testified
that he heard a noise on the opposite Bide
of the street and looking out of his win
dow.whlch was open, he saw a man lying
on the sidewalk and two men about two
feet from him. Then he heard two shots
and the two men, who were standing, ran
in the direction of Second street. Just
as they started to run he heard a noise as
Jf something had been thrown against the
fence. In a few minutes Policemen Nob
mann and Clark returned from the direc
tion of Second street with two men. The
car came along and the man who lay on
the sidewalk was lifted up and placed on
the car. He was satisfied there were no
other men present at the time the shots
were fired except the man lying on the
sidewalk and the two men standing with
in two feet of him.
Martin Kelly, politician, testified that hft
was standing on the corner of Fremont and
Folsom streets waiting for the last car to
take him to the ferry and he told Sample
that there was some disturbance at First
and Folsom streets. Sample went in that
direction with his club in his hand.
Dr. I* D. Bacigalupi, autopsy surgeon
at the Morgue, and Dr. C. E. Millar, tes
tified and they were followed by W. H.
Beckman, motorman, and J. Watson, con
ductor of the electric car that carried
Sample to the Harbor Emergency Hos
pital. Beckman testified that Powell re
marked to him that there had been a
scrap up the street and a special police
man had shot himself.
The preliminary examination of Charles
Sullivan and John H. Powell, Jointly
charged with the murder of Robert A.
Sample, a special officer, was resumed be
fore Police Judge Mogan yesterday. A
number of witneses were examined for
the prosecution and the case was con
tinued for a week. The evidence was all
circumstantial, but it pointed to the de
fendants as the perpetrators of the cow
ardly murder.
R. Carr Picks Up a Pair of
Brass Knuckles Where
Officer Lay.
Witnesses Testify They
Saw Fatal Shots
Fired.
SAMPLE MURDER
CASE GOES ON
STEAMSHIP GAELIC DEPARTS
FOR PORTS OF THE ORIENT
Her Two-Score Cabin Passengers Include Civil Offi
cials in Service of Philippine Commission— Among
the Asiatics Are Twenty-Five Refused Admission
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1903.
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
It Is asserted that the longest lived peo
ple are those who make breakfast their
chief meaL
Steamer. For. Sails.
Farallon.. .... Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 12
Oregon Nome direct Sept. 12
City Topeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. i:«
City Seattle... Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 14
Santa Ana.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Sept. 16
Dolphin....... Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 10
Nome City Nome Sept. 20
Portland Nome & St. Michael.. Sept. 20
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports Sept. 2O
Valencia Nome Sept. 23
Branch Hydrographlo Office, U. s! N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
September 11.
The time ball on the Ferry building wae
dropped exactly at noon to-day. 1. e.. at noon
of the 120th meridian, or at 8 p. m.. Greenwich
time J. C. BURNETT.
- Lieutenant. U. S, N., in charge.
Time Ball.
United State* Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by oMclal au
thority c-f the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height of
tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 12,
Sun rises 5:48 a. m.
Sun -sets 0:24 p. m.
Moon rises 9:45 p . , n .
O (Time Time 'Tlme| Time
» Ft. Ft. I 1 Ft. Ft.
• |H W L W . |H W| L.W
12 3T2I 4.3 8:301 2.4 2:61 B.l 9:38 07
13 4:35 4.1 9:251 2.7 3:41 6.2 10:40 0*6
14 6:G2 4.110:38 2.9 4:43 5.2 11:64 o°4
15(7:07 4.3 11:55 2.9(5:30 5.2
L W H W L W H W "*
10 I 0:58 O.2 8:08 4.5| 1:05 2.8 7:0.1 53
17 1 1:541 0.1 8:57 4.81 2:00 2.4 8:12 &'.»
18 2:43| 0.0 0:40 6.1 3:00 2.0 Q:15| 5.5
NOTE — In the above exposition of th* tides
the early morning tides are given In tHe left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United Stated
Coast Survey charts, except when the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Will Bemain in Quarantine.
The steamship Colon was released yesterday
afternoon from quarantine and towed to the
Pacific Mall wharf, where her carg» will be
discharged. The passengers and crew will be
detained at Angel Island for at least five days
longer. A Chilean sailor, one of the Colon's
crew, died yesterday afternoon. If any further
sickness ehould develop the term of detention
may be extended, but this is not thought likely.
The Colon has forty-six passengers. She
brought 1047 tons of cargo and treasure valued
at fi').4S5.
"Will Sell Wrecked Schooner.
The schooner Carrier Dove, which went
ashore some time ago near the entrance to the
Yangtse River. Is to be Fold at auction Sep
tember 18 in Shanghai
Reinsurance Advances.
The rate of reinsurance on the German ship
Slrlus was advanced yesterday to CO per cent,
and the Andora was marked up to 35 per cent.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The schooner A. J. West lj_ chartered for
lumber from Grays Harbor to Santa Rosalia.
The. French bark Marguerite Molinos has
been rschartered for barley to Europe at 15s
(.wheat Btiffemnr. 12a 6d).
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday, September 11. i
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, la hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, 14 hours from
Greenwood.
8tmr laqua. Bonifleld. 22 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Fulton, Lee, 48 hours from San Pedro.
Stmr Sequoia, Thompson. 45 hours from Ro
dondo.
Ship Geo Curtis, Calhoun. 19% days from
Honolulu.
Schr Mildred, Kindleln, 7>4 days from What
com.
Schr Mary Etta, Larsen, 0% days from Sius
law.
Schr Bessie K, Merriam, 16 hours from San
Vicente Landing.
Schr Abbie, Larsen, 24 hours from Fort
RofS.
CLEARED.
Friday, September 11.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, Eureka; Pacific
Coant Steamship Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego; Pa
cific Coavt Steamship Co.
Br *tmr Gaelic, Finch. Hongkong, etc: O &
O SS Co.
SAILED.
Friday, September 11, '
Stmr North Fork. Nelson, Eureka.
Stmr Asuncion, Bridgett. Ventura and Re
dondo,
Stmr National City, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Ptmr Mintiewaska, Leverge, New York,
Stmr Greenwood, Johnson, Point Arena.
Stmr Gualala, Johnson, Mendocino.
Stmr Uiscy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Ptmr Kureka. Jeszen, Eureka.
Etmr James Dollar. Thwlng, Seattle.
Stmr Fulton, Lee, Hardy Creek.
£tmr Newbur«;. Anftndaen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Celia, Norbere, Albion.
Br stmr Gaelic. Finch. Hongkong.
Schr Jessie , Minor, Whitney, Coos Bay.
Schr Mlndcra, Larsen, Port Blakeley.
Schr Albion. Olsen, Coquille River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBO8, Sept 11. 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind SE, velocity 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
WESTPORT— Sailed Sept 11— Stmr Navarro,
for Albion.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Sept 11— Stmr
Alcazar, for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed In Sept 11— Schr Inca '
from Nome, for Port Townsend.
Passed out Sept 11— Bktn Klikitat, from
Port Ludlow, for Honolulu.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Sept 10— Schr Falcon,
from San Pedro.
Sailed Sept 11 — Schr W J Patterson, for Sato
Pedro.. • . ¦. . . ; .,,»; . . -
Merchandise for the Orient.
Tbe steamer Gaelic sailed yesterday for
Sun, Moon and Tide.
The China Commercial Company's steamship
Ching Wo arrived from the Orient late Thurs
day nlyht and docked yesterday at Lombard
street wharf. There was no undue detention
in quarantine, and as he had on board only
thirty Asiatic passengers. Captain Parkinson's
log bears no record of the rioting which charac
terized Chlng Wo's last voyage. The Ching
Wo encountered fine weather with the exception
of a little fog until the last forty-eight hour*
of her voyage, when she had to force her way
through the high seas, stirred by a stiff north*
wester. She brought 3000 tons of cargo and
had in the cabin two passengers. Thomas Hard-
Ing and wife. She had also thirty Japanese
passengers. She was 20 days 2 hour* from
Hongkong and 17 days 5 hours from Yokohama.
Peace Reigns on Ching Wo.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
September 12.
Mandalay Los Angeles Ports. 9 am Pier 2
U Monica.. G rays Harbor 4 pimPler 2
Czarina:?.. Coos Bay direct... 6 pm|Pler 8
Arcata Coos H-*Pt. Orford 10 am|Pier 13
Ai-ko "".. E?l River Ports 4 pmlPler 2
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahulul.. 3 pmlPier 23
O Lindauer <5rays Harbor 6 pro Pier 2H
Claverlng... China. & Japan — . 2 pm Pier *J3
Chehalls.... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
S Portland. Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier ..
Pt Areua.. Point Arena I 4 pm Pier 2
San Juan... N. Y. via Panama, 112 m Pier 40
September 13. f
Phoenix Mendocino City ..| 1 pm Pier 13
Pomona.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 8
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
S Rosa.... San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 10
September 14.
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
l a qua Humboldt 2 pm Pier 2
A Cme Siuslaw River 4 pm Pier 2
Arctic..'. ... Humboldt C pm Pier 10
C.Ncl»on... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 0 am Pl«»r 10
September 15.
Rainier..... Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
O. W. Elder Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
September 10.
Centralia . . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
San Pedro.. k°s Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
Eureka . . . Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Alliance Portland & W. Pts. 10 am Plor 10
Chico Coquille River ... 0 pm Pier 2
Corona.... Humboldt :\ 1:30 p Pier 9
v September IT.
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 19
Bonoma..... Sydney & W. Pts.. 2 pm Pier 7
September 18.
Rival ... Willapa Harbor.., 4 pm Pier 2
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Bonlta Newport Way Pts. 9 am Pier 19
Centennial.. Seattle & Taeoma. 10 am Pier 2
September 10.
North Fork. Hu»nboldt 5 pm Pier 2
H K Maru China Ac Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Colon N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
September 2O.
Columbia... AMoria & PortlandiU am Pier 24
Mariposa... Tahiti Direct [11 am|Pler 7
The steamer Curacao, which sailed on Mon
day for Guaymas, carried a general merchan
dise cargo consigned to the port of destination
ana the principal Mexican ports, valued at $01,
17!> and Including the following:
4S07 gals 10 cs wine, 601 pkgs potatoes. 122
pkgs onions, Mil pkgs fresh fruit. 42 pkgs fresh
vegetables. 35,429 lbs malt. t!35 ;lbs hops. . # {5.S
cs canned goods, 21100 lbs 8 cs dried fruit 1C
pkgs raisins. 001 lbs ham and bacon, 152 pkgi
groceries and provisions, 15 cs whisky, 5 cs
brandy. 20 bbls flour. 20 cs mineral water, 1C.">
cs ealmon. 5 pkgs codfish. .1073 lbs bread. 1200
lbs 16 cs m.ulK, .1105 lbs 10 pkgs spices, 755
pkgs paste. 21 H4 lbs sago. 920 lbs candy, 3301
lbs cheese. 770 lbs 1 cs butter 484 lbs cocoh.
104,000 lbs rice. 50 cs olives. 4.177 lbs tea, 253
lbs nut?. 6 pkgs dry goods, 1<J pkgs drugs, 107,
324 ft lumber, 133 pk|?s machinery, 271 pksrs
paints and oils. 0.1 bales bags, 30 cs coal oil, 84
pkg-s paper. IS bales paper bags, 4!) colls rope
C3 bdln ISO bars . steel, 49 bdls 305 pes
iron. 10 tons coal. 157 tons coke, 18 bdls
oars. 22 pkgs electrical supplies. 2M bdls
ehooks. 27X8 lbs :i cs potash, 12,0,'iO lbs tal
low, 200 flasks quicksilver, 325 boiler tubes, 41,
nni lbs sulphur, 105 bxs candies. 25 pics lead
15.000 lbs bluestone. 104 pkgs nails. 25 bales
oak im. 4739 lbs 5 bbls soda, 35 pigs 30 bxs tin,
2400 lbs cement.
The. Curacao's Cargo.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Arctic Humboldt [Sept. 12
S.Monica .San Pedro | Sept. 12
Marlposa Tahiti ; Sept. 12
MIneola Taeoma (Sept. 12
Uarda Hamburg &. Way Pts.jSept. 12
G. W. EMer... Portland fe Aitoria ISept. 12
Chlco Coquille River |Sept. 13
Centennial.... Seattle & Taeoma iSept. 1U
St. Paul Nome via Seattle Sept. 14
Coronado San Pedro ] Sept. It
State Californ San Diego & Way Pts. ISept. 14
Eureka Humboldt jseut. 14
Del Norte Crescent City Sept. 14
City Puebla... Puget Sound Ports Sept. 14
elms. Nelton.. Seattle Sept. 11
Corona Humboldt Sept. 14
Edith Seattle Sopt. 15
G. Dollar,.... Grays Harbor Sept. 15
Rival • Willapa Harbor Sept. 15
Nebraskan. ... Honolulu & Kahulul. [Sept. 15
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. itStut. 15
F. H. Ltggett. Portland iSept. 15
Bonita Newport & Way Ports ISept. 15
Centralla San Pedru < [Sept. 10
North Fork... ; Humboldt Sept. 10
Argo ,Kel River Ports Sept. 1C
Pomuna Humboldt Sept. 17
Columbia Portland & Astoria... Sopt. 17
City, Sydney.. New York via Panama S»p'.. 17
Saiita Hos.i. . - San Diego & Way Pts. |Sept. 17
Point Arena... Mendocino & Pt. Arenajsept. 17
Arcata Cocs Bay & Pt. Orford. jSept. 17
City Peking.. . China & Japan Sept. 19
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports iSept. 13
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Sept. 10
Luxor Seattle Sept. 20
J. Dollar Seattle & Taeoma Sept. 21
Alameda Honolulu j ISept. 22
Peen in the light of Indian summer it will
be a. memorable Fight. The excursion Septem
ber 17. via Southern Paclflc, goes In by Inspira
tion Point and comes act by Glacier Point. The
rate, $-ife 50. covers all necessary expenses for
hvf- day trip, both ways, including railroad.
Pullman and etage tickets, hotels, drive jn val-
Ify. saddle hcrsrs and snides and nil day at
Mariposa Big Trees. •
The Great Valley.
United States LHstrict Judge de Haven
yesterday filed a supplemental opinion in
the matter of the award of damages for
losses caused by the wreck of the Rio de
Janeiro. He awarded to Sarah Guyon, as
administratrix of the estate of Henry
Guyon, deceased, $200 for baggage lost,
fird to the estate of William A. Hensh.ill
tZTo on a similar claim. The costs ci the
whole proceedinps heretofore had were
ordered to be paid out of the appraised
value of the wreck and the freight pend
ing.
More Awards in Pdo Case.
Upon her return to the Orient the Japanese
liner Hongkong Maru will be given an official
trial trip. Under the Japanese law through
which the Hongkong Maru and her sisters, the
America and Nippon, are subsidized as mall
carriers, a trial test of the liners Ik made every
five years. At this trial the specifications un
der which the boats were built and by virtue
of which they carry the Japanese malls, are the
Ftandards by which they will be Judged and re
tained or discarded as mail boat.", according to
their performance. The trials take place at
Hongkong. In addition to paFsin* a rigorous
general survey, Hongkong Maru will be sent
nix times at full speed over a three-mile course
and by the mean result wljl her fleetness be
estimated. Theee three boats have been well
kept up and, in the opinion of experts, are bet
ter to-day than when they left the stocks. They
are first favorites with transpacific travelers
and the officials of the company have no fear
of their ability to even better the record made
at their original trial?. In addition to passing
the Japanese Government survey the Toyo
Kisen Kaisha liners are every year passed upon
and rated by the United States inspectors and
Lloyds' surveyors.
Will Have New Trial Trip.
THE Occidental and Oriental Steam
ship Company's Gaelic sailed yes
terday fur the Orient with about
two-.«core cabin pasFenRere and ?5
Asiatic*. Of the latter 70 were
registered Chinese; ten came here on the
Coptic and were refused admission to the
country and fifteen were not allowed to
!and in Mexico and are being sent back
to China.
The Gaelic carried a full cargo and left
the dock in splendid trim. Among the
passengers were rf number of officials for
Manila. B. S. Ambler is a judge under
the Philippine commision and W. E. Pul
lian, formerly a special agent of the
Treasury Department, Is going to Manila
as deputy collector of customs. H. P.
Fletcher, another passenger, is Secretary
of the American legation at Peking. G.
P. Bennett of Shanghai Is taking to the
Orient for burial the body of his mother,
Mrs. C. C. Bennett who died suddenly a
few days ago in this city. The Misses E.
and K. Bull, two young ladies well known
in local social circles, left on the Gaelic
for a trip through the Orient.
The passengers included the following
named: %
For Yokohama— T. Hata, J. E. McDowell. C.
R. Pierce, R. J. Tobin, \V. J. Tobln.
Shanghai— W. G. All-n. G. I'. Bennett, H. P.
Fletcher. Rev. B. D. Lucas, Mrs. B. D. Luca3,
G. I. Shekury.
Hongkong— Hon. B. S. Ambler. Mrs. B. S.
Ambler. Mi«- L. Ambler. H. Anthony. G. T.
Bisbt-e \V. F. Braden. Miss E. M. Buck. Miss
E Bull, Miff K. Bull. C. J. Connell. H. Crab
tree, It. J. Henrltze. Rev. Robert Irwin, Mrs.
Robert Irwin and child. Miss Mary Kins, II.
C. Lukenbill. Rev..W. D. Noyes, W. E. Pui-
Mam Mrs. W. E. Pulllam and two children, G.
V. Wills, E. K. Wilson, H. M. Wood.
REDOXDO — Arrived Sept 11 — Bktn Geo C
Perkins, from Grays Harbor.
PORT TOWNKEND- Sailed Sept 11— Br stmr
Inverness, for China; bktn Klikitat, for Hono
lulu.
Passed In Sept 11— Bktn J M Griffith, for
Port Hadlock.
Arrived Sept 11— Schr Manila, from Port
Ludlow, for San Francisco.
PORT HADLOCK- Arrived Sept 11 — Bktn J
M Griffith, hence Aug 27.
NOME — In port fiept 1— Br utmr Wyneric,
Btmr Oregon; stmr Argyll, ship A J Fuller
: and schr Vega.
PORT GAMBLE — Sailed Sept 11— Schr
Aloha, for Hilo.
GRAYS HARDOR- Arrived Sept* 10— Schr
Chas E Felk. hence Sept 2.
KAIRHAVKX— Sailed Sept 11— Schr C A
Thayer, for Honolulu.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 11— Stmr St Paul,
from Nome; 6hip America, from Nushagak.
Sailed Pent 11— Stmr Dirigo, for Skagway.
Sept 10 — Stmr Centennial, for San Francisco.
Arrived Sept 11 — Stmr City of Seattle, from
Skagway.
Sailed Sept 11— Stmr City of Puebla, for
San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 11— Stmr Corona,
hence Sept 10.
Sailed Se?t 11— Stmr Arctic, for San Fran
cisco.
ASTORIA — Sailed Sept 11 — Stmr Alliance,
for Sun Francisco, via Coos Bay and Eureka.
HARDY CREEK— Sailed Sept 11— Stmr
Prentlss". for San Pedro.
POUT HAIIFORD— Sailed Sept 11. 6:30 p m
— Stmr Honlta, for San Pedro, hence Sept 10.
SANTA BARBARA — Arrived Sept 11— Stmr
South Bay, from Eureka.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Sept 11— Schr Ma
nila, for San Francisco.
BALLARD— Sailed Sept 11— Schr Ruth E
Godfrey, for San Pedro.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU — Arrived Sept 10— Schr Defi
ance, from Iqulque. Sept 11 — Stmr Alameda.
hence Sept 5: stmr Whittier, with bktn Fui
lerton and barge Santa Paula In tow, hence
Aug 2!).
Sailed Sept 11 — Schr ReRolute, for Port
Townsend. Sept 10— Bark R P Rithet, for
San Francisco; Br ship Jutcopolis, for Dela
ware Breakwater. Q
KAHULUI— Sailed Sept 10— Stmr Alaskan,
for New York.
FOREIGN PORTS.
LIVERPOOL- -In port Aug 2." — Urug ship
Ama Begonakoa, for San Franciscor
SINGAPORE— Arrived Sept 10— Ur etmr In
dramayo. frcm New York. .
AUCKLAND — Sailed Sept 11 — Stmr Ventura,
for San Kranclsco.
SYDNEY — Arrived Sept 11— Ship S D Carle
ton, from Port Gamble.
LIZARD— Passed Sept 10— Fr bark Asnleres,
hence May 10, for Queenstown.
SAN BLAS — Arrived Auk 31— Ger stmr
Herodot, hence July 24, and sailed for Ham
burg.
VALPARAISO— Sailed Aug 27— Ger stmr
Anubis. for Hamburg.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Aug 31— Stmr Pleiades,
for Seattle; . Br etmr Xing Chow, for Seattle.
Sept 1— Br stmr Indrapura, for Portland, via
Victoria.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Sept 11— Stmr Au
guste Victoria, frcm Hamburg, for New York,
via Cherbourg.
NAPLES — Arrived Sept 10— Stmr Hohenzol
lern, from New York, for Genoa, and pro
ceeded.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Sept 11— Stmr Celtic,
from New York.
NEW YORK— Sailed Setit 11— Stmr Cedric,
for Liverpool.
Hongkong via Honolulu and Yokohama with
an assorted merchandise cargo valued at $200,
<il3. exclusive or treasure, and distributed as
follows: For Japan, $40,768; China. |152,7flO;
Manila. W'.ZQ; East Indies. J897; Korea, $5089;
S:nm, $.U'O; Cairo. Egypt. $39$».
Th«> leading exports were as follows:
To Japan — 1510 bhla flour, 2718 lbs ham and
!>acon. I'u7 cs canned goods. 032 lbs cheese. 245
pkgs KTeceriffi and provisions. 10 cs whisky. 13
«»« table preparations. 32 pkgs fresh fruit. 5100
lbs dried Bfh, 63 gals wine, 191 lbs millstufTs.
1150 lbs dried fruit. 3SW Rals alcohol. tiM lbs
butter. 24 pkgs paste, 03 ctls barley. 5376 lbs
bran. 82 ctls oats. 18 cs bootg and shoes, 161
pK*f> leather. K7.Kii3 lbs nitrate of soda, 68 pkgs
machinery, 20 plcgs building material. 7 pkgs
agricultural implements. 2*7 pkgs bicycles and
sundries, 11 cj rubber goods. 14 reels wire rope.
To China— 13.757 lbs flour, l«D0 lbs 2 cs dried
fruit. 3326 lbs 0 cs ham and bacon, 7fil lbs but
ter, 5C0 lbs beans, 4.104 lbs 27 ca cheese, 160 cs
salmon. :;.S3 pktrs groceries and provisions, 9S7
cs canned goo.is. 1314 lbs chocolate; 45.000 lbs
sugar. 4!t4!t lbs gin?er>g, 372 cals wine, 53fl lbs
bread. »;?<;« lbs meals. 10CO lbs codfish. 300 lbs
hops. 2500 lbs peas. 525 pkgs fresh fruit, 16
pk?s table preparations. 4:5,15>8 lbs dried fish,
57tK> lbs pearl barley. 7 cs honey. 5 pkgs dry
goods, 2W7 lbs starch. 1210 coils wire, 1S5 cs
cigarettes 250 bales drills. 165 bales cotton do
mestic*. 165 bales sheetings.
To "Manila— 550 cs whisky. 8 pkgs paper, 4
pkgs hardware, 2 bxs ink.
To East Indies — 161 cs canned goods. 7CO lbs
dried fruit. 5 pkgs groceries and provisions, 00
cs canned salmon.
To Korea— 7SG7 lbs ham and bacon. 2340 lb»
butter. 20KI lbs coffee. 432 lbs chocolate 720
lbs lard. :)CS lbs beans. 816 lbs cheese, 100 cs
table preparations, 83 cs canned goods. 1(5 pkgs
machinery. 210 lbs tobacco. 200 cs soap, 29 pkgs
hardware. 1 cs paper, 1 cs rubber goods.
To Siam — 22 pkgs dry goods. 500 lbs meals,
1 rkg dry goods. 22 pkgs household goods.
To Cairo. Egypt— 90 cs canned goods. 8 cs
table preparations.
It's not the cocks but the way they
ccok That tolls. Our new cook bock shows
vou how free. Saa Francisco Gas and
Electric Company. •
CHINA COMMERCIAL. COMPANY'S STEAMSHIP CHING WO. THAT ARRIVED FROM THE ORIENT YESTER
DAY. THE VESSEL ENCOUNTERED HIGH SEAS AND A STIFF NORTHWESTER DURING THE LAST
TWO DAYS OF AN OTHERWISE TRANQUIL VOYAGE.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces an examination on Oc
tober 7 for the position of local and as
sistant Inspector of hulls. Steamboat In
pp<*ciicn Service: ag? limit, 25 to 55 years;
salary, J1500 per annum. Persons who
e'fsirc to compete should tppty to the
United Ftates Civil Service Commission,
Washington. D. C, or to the secretary.
Consolidated Board of Civil Service Ex
aminers. 301 Jackson street, for applica
tion form l'i v 7, which should be properly
executed and filed with the commission
at Washington, prior to the hour of clos
ing business on September 2S, 1^3.
Local Inspector of Hulls.
In goir.e into the lep«>r settlment at
Molokai Pistors I>ata nr.u" I^eonilda do so
with the full knowledge that they will
have to remain on the island for life, de
vntins their entire time to relieving the
afflicted and Instructing the young, whose
j'a rents have. l>y reason of their cruel d'.s
o.is<\ been iso'.atPd from the world.
One Is Sister Mary Leonllda. formerly
Miss Theresa Killmurry. of Trenton, N.
J-, and the other Sister B^ata. of the Or
der of Franciscans, formerly Miss Lena
Gordes, of Louisville, Ky. They have been
members of the Franciscan Order for
eiphteen years.
Sister Mary I^eoniida is reputed to he an
exceedingly brilliant woman and for a
number of yrars she has been a teacher
at the St. Francis Home in Osweuo. Sif
ter Beata'p duties have been of a similar
character at the orders school in Albany.
They undertook their present mission in
rrsj.onn* to a call for volunteers to serve
st Molokai. In departing from their
echoois in the East, where th^y are dear
s' belcved. the two nuns refused to ac
cept a public ovation and journeyed quiet
ly to this city, where yesterday they de
f'lined to discuss thr» mission upon which
lhp y *re hound further than to explain
that it, is in the lir> of their sacred du
ti»s. and merits no public comment. They,
however, oddrd that there were many
other volunteers besides themselves, but
they were chosen.
the avo-w-cd purpose of making: a
life sacrifice, never hopir.c to again set
foot on their native soil, two Sisters of
Mercy # members of Eastern Catholic or
ders, arrived here yesterday on their way
to the leper settlement at Molokai. Ha
waii, f or wn ieh they will start on the
next steamer.
They Are Two of a Number of
Nans Ready to Make the
Sacrifice.
Sisters of Mercy Bound
for Leper Colony in
Islands.
SELECT MOLOKAI
FOR LIFE WORK
7
UNITED STATES BEANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
PHCENIX
ASSURANCE COMPANY, Limited.
¦ F LONDON. ENGLAND. ON THE 3IST
*¦> day cf Decctr.ber, A. D. 1902. and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provision* of Sections
eiO and Cll cf the Political Code, condensed
fes per blank furnished br the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Iicnds Owned by Corr.pany. .$2,463,341 23
Ca*h In Company'* Of He* 2C5 l'l
Cseh in Banks 276.641 91
Interest Due end Accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 29,Ot2 50
Pierr.iuais in Cu« Course of Col-
lection 2S4.811 64
ljue frcm other Ccmpan'es for Rs-
lnsurance on Lcsee* already paid. 3,351 27
Total AeeeU $3,OG3.4S3 S)s
LIABILITIES. ~"
Losres adjusted and unpaid.' $51,230 00
Lessee in process of Adjustment or
tn Suspense 233.432 00
Losses re*!sted. Including expenses. 2i,$32 00
Gro» premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or l»»a. $1.6^5,-
H27 27; reinsurance bo per cent. 942,963 C3
Grots premiums on Fire Risks run-
r.ln* more than or.e year, $1,SS5,-
723 97; reinsurar.ee pro rata... 832,023 2S
Due and accrued for Salaries.
Rent, etc •••••¦; •••• 2.1^3 72
Commission* and Brokerage due
and to become due 75.072 S3
AH other liabilities 231.&2* 24
Total Liabilities $2.897.218 43
INCOME. =^--
¦N'et ess* actually received for Fire
* premiums .$2,502,937 19
received for Jntereet and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and
from all ether i-ources 81.883 23
Received from Home Office 224,375 0»
Inco'.lected premiums of last year,
collected this year •.. 183.400 7T
Total Income $3.004. C13 1>
EXPENDITURES. "
K«t amount paid for Fire Losses
deluding J71C.930 57. losses of
" nC1UCB previous years) $1,776,563 M
!' emitted to Home Office 63.004 93
j-efo or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage .- WITC" **l*6O7 3»
l'ald lor Salaries Fees anfl other
charres for officers, clerks, etc. 158,041 24
Paid fer State. National and Local
taxes 73.4S3 03
All other payments and expendl-
tures uz.oaa a
Total Expenditure* $2.718.S03 73
Fire.
Losses Incurred Curing the year. .$1.656. 143 00
Rl*k» and PremlumsJFlre Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
TJa" 0 . 0 ..^* .£! $405,933,216 $4,549,033 28
K*t amount of Risks
Sr!!.%£S..!S 237.619.4C5 4.179.92*09
K &g5Sg«g lSSF. *«.773,7D0 3.471,65124
r ~ LOUIS P. BATARD.
Second Assistant Manager.
Subscribed and «worn to before me. this 4th
«,y cf February. Itt^ Q RV( .^
Notary Public
BUTLER & HEWITT,
GENERAL AGENTS.
413 CALIFORNIA STREET, San f ranclsco
' AMUSEMENTS.
TO-DAT AT 3 || SHOW OROUHDS
TO-HIOHT AT 8 || 11TS ft KABZST
Doors Open at 1 and 7 p. m.
Until - and Including Monday, Sept. 14.
RINGLING BROS.*
WOBLDl OKEATXST SHOWS.
To . which la now JBRUSALeJVl
added, without extra 1Nn TH «___
admission, the BUB- w-XT^T
LIME SPECTACLE. CRUSADES
100 Sensational Circvu Acts.
40 Elephants— 108 Caje Zoo— 40 Clowns.
ONE 50-Cent Ticket Admits to Everything;.
Children under 12 years half price. Admis-
sion tickets and actually numbered reserved
seats on rale at Sherman, Clay * Co.'» piano
warerooms. Kearny and Sntter streets, at ex-
actly the same prices as charged at regular
ticket wagons on the show rrounda.
MATINEE TO-DAT. SATURDAY, Sept. 12.
Parquet, any eeat 25c. Balcony 10c Chil-
dren, any part except reserved, 10c.
VAUDEVILLE EYE-OPENERS !
Frederic Bond and Company; Orig-
inal Bio Brothers; Almont and
Ihunont and Fiicher and Wacker/
Last times of Bloom and Cooper;
T. Nelson Downs; La Vine-Cam-
eron Trio; Marguerite and Hanley
and George Schindler.
OOLUmBI A LEADING THEA'ia
HENRYJIILLER
MARGARET ANQLIN
MATINEE TO-DAT.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
"THE TAMIITG OF HEMJI"
Next Monday— Last Week of
HENRT MILLER and MARGARET ANOLDT.
First Time Here of
THE AFTERMATH
Adapted by Henry Miller from George
Ohnet'a novel. "Le Maltre des For*;*"."
BEATS NOW READY.
Comlnft-"THB PRINCB OP P1LSEN."
jfALilFORNIA|
I «( TO-NIGHT. llsjA
\J I Op^nin< of regular combi- fl 4
I notion Bfason of weekly East- m __ "
ern attractions. The clever
and hilariously funny farce,
I A Friend of the Family.
I Featuring George Barnum,
,for years leading: com«dian
with May Irwin, and Alice
Johnson, leading lady of the
original Frawley Company.
T ""*""*"' Kegrular Season Prices. Qsa
I 25c to SI. IL^
heatrBjI
W&sLj=jII B B B Ua^Jaa-u p ro p r ) e tors.
Market Street, Near Eighth. Phone South 633.
TO-NIGHT — LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-DAT AND TO-MORROW.
The richeBt, rarest, raciest of farce comedies,
WHOSE BABY ARE YOU?
A VOLCANO OF MIRTH! A TORNADO OP
FUN!'
DDirCC Evenings 10c to 50c
I KltC J Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
MONDAT. September 14 — The Military
Spectacle,
THE CHEBBT TIOKEMS,
AT n A 7 A Tl Belasco & Mayer,
ALCAZAR gTE-sa.
Gen. Mgr.
THIS WEEK— MAT. TO-DAT.
Florence Roberts
Who Has Made Her Greatest Success in
THE UNWELCOME MRS. HATCH.
Evenings. 25c to 75c: Eat. Mat. 10c to 50c
Every Thursday — Matinee.
D'Annunzlo's Famous Play,
GIOCONDA
When NiKht Prices Will Prevail.
SOUVENIR ART PROGRAMMES.
NEXT MONDAT— First Time Here of
MISS ROBERTS as MACDA.
OF COURSE THE HOUSE IS PACKED.
Aad no wonder at it.
The greatest double bill ever offered.
| "The Glad Hand" and "Tho Con-cums" I
Our "All Star" Caat, Including
KOLB AND DILL,
BARNET BERNARD,
WINFIELD BLAKE,
HARRT HERMSEN.
MAUD AMBER,
ELEANOR JENKINS.
RESERVED SEATS— Nlehts 25c. BOc and
75c. Saturday and Sunday matinees 25c and
50c. Children at matinees 10c and 25c.
LYRIC HALL TsT
GREAT SUCCESS.
The XV Century Morality Flay, •
EVERYMAN
EVERY HIOHT, 8:30,
Thursday and Saturday Afternoons, 8
Reserved Seats. $2.00, $1.50 and 400 Good
Seats at $1.00.
Box Office, Sherman, Clay ft Co.'i
BASEBALL!
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECREATION PARK.
EIGHTH AND HARRISON
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAT AND FIUDAT. 3:30 P. M.; SAT-
URDAT, 3:00 P. M.
SUNDAT 2:S0 P. M.
OAKLAND VS. SEATTLE
LADIES' DATS THURSDAT AND FRIDAT.
Advance Sale, 5 Stockton st.
The Weekly Call.
61 per Ycai% !
AMUSEMENTS. '
Ingleside
Coursing
Park.
112
Dog
Open Stake
SATURDAY and SUNDAY
Sept. 12 and 13.
First rua-dowa on Paturiay. begtaalo* at
11 l^i. sharp. Sunday coonln* will b«*ln at
10:30 sharp and conUnos till last winning fia*
r oe» up.
TOTAL PRIZES--$960.00
All Mlsston-atre«t ears transfer to Oaerr«ro
cars, which ko direct to park.
THOMAS TTERNET. Jud«».
EDWARD EHORTSTAO. Bllpp«r.
I I VULI HOUSE-.
NOTE: Performance commances at 8 o'clock
¦harp. Uatlne* on Saturday at 2 iharp.
MATZ2TBS TO-DAY——
And Sunday Night. Verdi" • Lyrlo Drama.
"RIGOLETTO."
To-night. Gounod' • Immortal Opera, "*
" FAUST."
¦With th« BrlTlIant Lyric Soprano.
Tina da Spada. as Marxuarlte.
NEXT WEEK— "IL TROVATORE"
and "LA SONNAMBULA."
PRICES ALWAYS THE SAME— 23c, BOc, 73c.
TeleDhona Bush 0.
GRAND SSSSS
MATINEES TO-DAT AND TO-MORROW.
Every lady and child presented with a sou-
venir plcturn of one of tha Pollards at all
matinees.
Brilliant Bucee«s of the
POLLARD LILLIPUTIAN OPERA CO.
LAST NIGHT
A GAIETY GIRL
TO-MORROW MATTNITE— To-Morrow Night
Monday Tuesday and Wednesday Nights, the
American Version of the Delightful
Musical Comedy,
A LADY SLAVEY.
Thursday, Friday and Saturday Nights an<J
Saturday Matinee,
THE GEISHA
PRICES — Evenings. 15c. 25c. BOc, T3c
Matinees. 13c. 23c 30c.
FIVE BABY LIONS IN THE ZOO.
A GREAT SHOW EVERT AFTERNOON
AND EVENINO IN THE THEATER.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
'SEE THE CHINESE BABY
IN THE INFANT INCUBATOR,
—VISIT THE——
"MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE"
ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN. Sq.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND EXCURSION
To VALLEJO, on the new steamer SUNOL,
(SUNDAY, Sept. 6. 1903. Will visit all points
of Interest on the bay. Music and dancln*.
Bound trtp. 60c: children, 23c. Tickets for
sal: at -wharf and also aboard steamer on
Sunday mornlnr. Leaves Washlngton-st.
wharf, Pier 3. at 10 a. m.
MISCELLANEOUS.
VnhcP DORPT FAIL TO
I aiUVV Bee beautiful
j COURT Lounging
i\ f1fl room, the EMPIRE
uuu PARLOR, the
r J PALM ROOM, tho
linifla LOUIS XV PAR-
UIUI1U LOR. and the LA-
II 2~1_ DIES' WRITINQ
Hotels room -
EVERY WOMAN
j _^ is interested and should know
jj"*2*^i*V about the wonderful
MADVCI whirling
MW^M^Hil 1 he new V*ffiaal Sjriare.
t.M VS V'Af&M \ Injection ani Suction.
\\Vv5S'^rF>fSM Best-Safest-Most Con-
venient. ItCleasse*
Ask yeer intt\*t f»r It. Vi. £f*jst* i, »>it i , > jfT]^ ""
If h« ctnnot »upply tb« WV mffS ,
MARVEIi, teccpt so \% '"rHEfifar*
•ther. but Mnd stamp fer fllia. T>, I *Va#M
tnttdhook— esuleel. ItgiTetftin X'j, I '/jf
particulars tad dlr»<-W<m» Inratuable *t3'# ,*^ iM
«oi»di«- n.tnvxi. co..
tbmm MB. Tin— BOs* Mew Torte. wewr'
Sj4gm&JI MENANDWQMEft.
<«2§rtn7K*Scfi U*s Big <3 tot aanttarU
JSBTim t to I fer^B dlKhftrcMjaflaiumstloas.
mBB OwrutM4 ¦ Irritations er ulc«r»tlo»»
ffSEY sat u ttrutan. "" of tnneoas mambraa**.
Ir*— 1 Trvmm* Cmtacfea* P»lnUii. and not nUla-
IT>»VHE£TA!UCHEM!CAI.CO. c«nt or poiionoui.
lSrfkci!raMUTl,».I55t loM b 7 Dranista,
C s. A. 7bb or tint in plain wrapper,
JHaifl^ t>7 szsrats, prepaid, far
A^BBegffiBWrsnl 11.00. or s bottles 12.73.
w m circular tsct on rsaoest.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
7BE3H ASS SAXiT MEATS.
JAS ROYFS & TO Bhl PP»K Butchers. 10*
JAJ. DUICj Q IU. Clay. Tel. Main 1294. .
' OXXS. ~
LUBRICATOR OILS: LEONARD * ELU3.
418 Front st. S. F. Phone Main 171tf.
PBXZITUrO.
LCBUGHES, BU SanSnTS:. «. r.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1903.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA'S FOOTBALL. MEN AT PRACTICE
AND SOME PLAYERS OF WHOM GREAT THINGS ARE EXPECTED
DURING SEASON WHICH IS RAPIDLY APPROACHING.
¦ Citric acid added to sea water precipi
tates the salt, making a harmless min
eral water. Seven ounces of citric acid
will supply a shipwrecked man. with
water for a. week
The cries of sea birds," especially sea
gulls, are very valuable as fog signals.
The birds cluster together on the cliffs
and coast, and their cries warn boatmen
that. they are near land. - .
Ellen Crow.ey began a suit yesterday
against John Brown for breach ot pronv
ls ,?-K. sl i e u aIleBCS that on Ju!y 5 - *a& sh
plighted her troth to the defendant/who
He failed to appear at the annn«nt» I
Wants Balm for Broken Vows.
To-day and to-morrow are open on the
programme of the Corinthian and Califor
nia Yacht clubs. The handicap race of
the California Yacht Club for the Vincent
cup will not take place on Sunday, the
20th Inst., but a week later. On the 27th
the annual ; regatta~of the San Francisco
Yacht Club will be held over the channel
course.
Yachting Notes.
John Emmerson and Joseph E. Sullivan
were booked at the City Prison yesterday
afternoon by Detectives Harper and Arm
strong on charges of burglary and petty
larceny. They are accused of having
broken into a tool hous* at the buildings
in course of erection at Sacramento and
Montgomery strewts on Monday night and
stolen about 1300 worth of tools. With,
the assistance of Policemen Skain and
Holmes, the stolen tools were recovered,
and Emmerson and Sullivan were Idei tl
fled as the men who sold them.
Break Into a Toolhouse.
Mrs. R. Gllman Brown made a round
of the course In 44, her score by holes be
ing as follows— C, 4, 5. 4, 5, 6, 5, 4, 5.
In the qualifying round for the com
petition for the council's cup of the San
Rafael Golf Club R. G. Brown and R. J.
Davis tied with 94. The same scores also
counted in the handicap, for which two
trophies were offered, the first being won
by George M. Pinckard, who received a
handicap of 30 and brought In a net score
of 73. The full scores were as follows:
COMPETITOR. . £: • •
... * • w "
; v •
Georgro M. Pinckard 103 30 73
George Heazelton * 95 7 88
R. J. Davis 94 4 90
C. A. Belden 108 18 90
H. Dibblee 107 16 «l
J. J. Crooks 07 6 91
R. O. Brown 94 2 92
]•:. J. Hooper ,... 00 6 93
W. J. Casey Ill 15 go
W. Li. Dean 122 25 07
Carleton Curtis Ill \\ joy
It. B. Hell man 130 30 100
Douglas Hardy 112 12 100
will be removed to prevent injury to the
hounds. The running will be diagonally
across the field. The soil is • light and
sandy and cannot bake hard.
The managers of the meet expect a big
success. The dogs will be kenneled in the
racing stables at the track. The level
pastures near the cityy will afford good
training grounds for the dogs being pre
pared for the meeting.
It Is not a violent sport, and is espe
cially adapted to men who are no longer
youths. It Is played In the open air and
pleasant surroundings, and requires con
siderable skill. The rinks are situated
near the tennis courts, and are well at
tended, especially late in the afternoons.
The game was formally introduced In
Oakland on Admission day, and the
matches were witnessed by a large num
ber of interested spectators. The open-
Ing day was given over to an lnterclub
match between the San Francisco and
newly organized Oakland club. Although
the former won by quite a margin, the
Oakland players showed up exceptionally
well for their first tournament play. The
club has a good start, and. like the San
Francisco club, will soon have a large
membership list.
1 The tournament which has been In
progress for several weeks on the Golden
Gate Park rinks must be finished No
vember 14. Sixty-four players entered,
and as the first round, must be completed
to-day many matches will be played. At
the end of the day's play there will be
thirty-two men left to compete In the
second round.
The eleven matches which must be com
pleted this afternoon are as follows:
Jobn Deid vs. James llearru: Ja-m«» a.
' Scottish bowline, like the other games
played in Golden Gate Park, is becoming
Immensely popular. The San ~ Francisco
club has a membership considerably over
one hundred. The game was started a
year ago, and at first did not thrive. As
the on-lookers became better acquainted
with It the merits of the game soon be
came erident.
Ancient Pastime Draws Many De
votees to the Golden Gate
Park Green.
SCOTTISH BOWLING GAINS
RAPIDLY IN PUBLIC FAVOR
Martin Glendon and Jesse Stovall went
to Cleveland and each looked like a star
at the pitching game there. Then Grant
Thatcher, whom -Charley Rellly had on
his staff, won his game for Brooklyn
cleverly and Manager Hanlon seemed to
like his style. Johnny Burns has not
been heard from since he signed with
the Detroit team., but he should make
good beyond the question of a doubt. On
the whole the talent from the Pacific
Coast has been going a few In the bis
leagues.
Thompson and Carrisch.the Helena bat
tery, were given a chance with the
mighty Pittsburg champions and they
made such a good showing that the pa
pers of that city raved over the young
sters. Then Pflester of the ill-fated San
Francisco team also pitched some good
ball for the great team. ...
When thft Seattle and Portland teams
took that brace a few weeks ago and
raised themselves about '100 per cent in
the standing the fans all thought the
Cripples were about due to remain at the
bottom of the heap. But what a change
has been wrought lately. Peter's Oak
land collection is right in the going and
is playing better ball at present than any
any other team save the Angels.
• They have left the last place for the
time being at least. . They have done this
by playing the game In good form. Tho
team is by no means composed of an ag
gregation of stars, yet every man on the
lineup at the present time seems in the
game to win. The harmony that has
been so long lacking has at last made
its appearance and is making itself felt.
The < present. season has-been a wonder
for the development of .youngsters in the
two. big leagues. "Kids" from every part
of the country have made good in the
fast organizations. Take the California
players, for instance. Since the Pacific
National League went under a bunch of
men from that league have cast their
lots with the major organizations and
strange to say, they have all played bril
liantly. •
IT Is not the race for first place, but
the struggle to keep from doing the
honors as the PaclflV Coast Baseball
League's target bearers, that is the in
teresting one now to the fans. The men
who know the game and who have been
following it closely concede the pennant
to the Los Angeles team. But what nine
is going to cofne irt last? That is the
question at prdsent, and it Is a difficult
one to answer J considering the way the
talent is playing.
A. E. Bell, the new champion, has been
one of the leading players of the coast
for years and his victory was a well earn
ed one. He met and defeated all of the
best men in the tournament and in the
challenge match won without, the loss of
a set. Bell had two close calls, one in the
semi-final round and the other in the
final. In both matches his perfect condi
tion pulled him \hrough. The match be
tween Bell and Smith was the only one
in the tournament that required the full
five sets to settle the question of su
premacy. The "run in" game played by
both was exhausting and told more heav
ily on Smith. The latter's service was
effective while his strength lasted. Beil
serves a fast bail with a high bounce.
It is a hard ball to drive, but easy to
chop.
In the championship'match Freeman did
not play near the game he put up a year
ago. His overhead work was as effective
as ever, but in his other strokes he has
fallen off considerably. The ex-champion,
like George Whitney, has heart trouble,
caused by overexertlon and it Is doubtful
if he will ever compete in a champion
ship tournament again.
At the net Bell is undoubtedly the best
man on the coast, but in the back court
he Is wofully weak. His best stroke Is
his *mash. Bell's greatest weakness at
the het is his handling of low volleys.
In his match with Bell Murdock smashed
almost as well as his opponent. This has
always been the Alamedan's weakness
and consequently his clever work was a
surprise. Of the three players Smith Is
probably the strongest volleyer, but is
weaker in overhead work. The poor back
court work of most of the cracks, is at
tributable to an extent to the excessfve
heat. The heat caused the balls to be
come soMlvely as to make.it difficult to
execute a good ground stroke. Men like
MacGavin and Murdock found it hard
to drive because the ball became light
and instead of dropping sailed through
the air. .
THE annual coast championship
tennis tournament at San Rafael
was one of the most successful
ever held here. For the second time the
southern players swept all before them.
Last year all of the championships went
south and again this year the north has
been whitewashed. However, the local
players made a much better showing this
year than they did last and showed that
they are by no means outclassed by the
men lrom below.
Northern Players Are Un
able to Win* From the
Clever Racket Wielders
Pacific Coast Players Are
All Making Good in the
Two Major Organizations
SOUTH PRODUCES
THE CHAMPIONS
OF THE COURTS
OAKLAND TEAM
IS OVERHAULING
NORTHERN CLUBS
GOLFERS were busy during the re
cent holidays. The eight players
who qualified on Saturday and
Sunday over eighteen' holes on the course
of the San Francisco Golf Club were G.
E. Starr, 85; H,.M. Hoyt and S. L. Abbot,
S8; H. C. Golcher and H. M. Hoyt, 89;
W. H. La Boyteaux, 90; B. D. Adamson,
91. and W. J. Dutton, 94.
In the first match round W. H. La Boy
teaux beat W. J. Dutton 5 up 4 to play;
Dr. J, R. Clark beat S. L. Abbot 1 up;
H. M. Hoyt beat H. C. Golcher 2 up 1 to
play, and B. D. Adamson beat G. E. Starr
3 up 2 to play.
In the second and semi-final round Dr.
J. R. Clark beat W. H. La Boyteaux 1
up, and H. M. Hoyt beat B. D. Adamson
4 up 3 to play. In the final round, which
was played on Wednesday morning. Dr.
J. R. Clark beat H. M. Hoyt 1 up, -win
ning first prize. H. M. Hoyt took the tro
phy for the runner-up. In the match be
tween H. M. Hoyt and H. C. Golcher in
the first round each made the second
nine holes In 38, or one less than "bogey."
The members of the San Rafael Golf
Club were on the links a great deal during
the holidays. In the ladies' putting con
test each holed out five balls from
the edge of three greens, making fifteen
balls in all. Mrs. A. A. Curtis and Mrs.
R. J. Davis tied for first place, with a
net score of 27. The scores were as fol
lows: Mrs. A. A. Curtfs, 29 less 12—27;
Mrs. R. J. Davis, 42 less 15—27; Mrs. G.
Roe, 39 less 10—29; Mrs. D. Hardy, 39 less
7—32; Mrs. D. E. Skinner, 39 less 5—34;
Mrs. E. J. Hooper, 40 less 5—35; Mrs. R.
G. Brown, scratch, 36; Mrs. H. O How
itt, 52 less 15-37; Mrs. T. j J. Hibbert, 45
less 5 — 40.-
The American Waterloo cup meeting
will be held this year on the field of the
Concord Park half-mile track at Okla
homa City. The Inner rail of the track
Coursing will be resumed at Fresno to
morrow. H. H. Lyon of Los Angeles will
judge.
The Mississippi Valley Futurity will be
run at Kearney, Nebr., October 19 to 23.
One hundred and sixty-two second pay
ments were made and 128 . dogs are ex
pected to start. This equal the record
entry, held here, for a stake.
The officers of the recently organized
San Francisco Coursing Club will present
their application for membership In the
California Coursing Committee at the
next meeting. The club has complied
with all the requirements except the nam
ing of delegates, which will be done when
It is known to what number the club is
entitled.
Bella Lloyd. Anchor. Fair Play, Tom Hurlick
Our Motto, MIm Grizzle, Tobasco Bob, Meddle
some, Sofala. Fannie Hughie, Imperious ¦ Equa
tor, Honor Bright. Flora Belle. Intruder, Snap
per Garrison. Young Buck, Yellow Tail Maid
of the Glen, Belfast, Special, Old Ironsides
Pacing Billy. J. E, II.. Master Clair, Una, Ar
ticulate. Eastlake, Pepper Jack. General r*»
Wet, Haddinjrton. Van Nora, Glaucus Firm
Fellow. Free From Flaw, Pure Pearl, Kittle
man, Rural Artist. Idaho Boy. Yukon Wat
tles, Young Johnny Rex. Fenil. McHenry
King's Prldo Slfkiyou. Doc Burns, Gramercy.
Homer Boy, Topsy Turvy. Rockefeller, Manhat
tan Kirg. Toung Fearless, Half Moon, Cas
cade, Honest John.
¦ The customary two days' coursing at
Ingleside Park will commence this morn
ing at 11 o'clock. To-morrow the running
will be resumed at 10:30 a. m. The lively
winners look to be: ./^
The park h-s been placed at the dis
posal of the ¦ jmmlttee. The slipper and
the Judge wih give their services without
compensation. W. J. Browning of Tip
ton, Tulare County, supplies 100 hares as
his contribution to the success of the
meeting.
Each of the twenty-four members "of
the committee will be represented in the
stake and the committee will also start
one greyhound in its own name. The
nominations, with the exception of three
or four yet to be made, follow:
Dr. F. P. Clark of Stockton, president of tho
committee, Sacramento Boy, twice winner of
the John Grace Cup; California Coursing Com
mittee, Palo Alto: J. R. Dlckeon, Beacon; J.
KuUon. Rector; P. J. Reily. Pocatelll; L.. F.
Uartels of Denver, Lord Brazen; Captain 1'.
M. ClarKsoD, Full Moon; J. II. Rosseter, Rub
ber Ankles; Cecil Lyons of Texas, Real Article;
A. Zlgnero. Stockton, Gambit: ~Dr. W. J. Hob
ford. Haphazard; H. A. Talbot, Mount Rose;
Frank K«?nny, Pasba Pleasant; F. Monahan,
Black Coon; H. H. Lyon, Los Angeles. Belle
Free; Klmer Grimm, Los Angeles, Mickey Free;
Judge John Grace, Barge; T. A. Collins, Fresno,
Royal Archer; Daniel Maloney, Fresno, Rene
gade Apache; Edwin Hood, Cloverdale.
The losers in _ the first round will meet
in a consolation stake. In addition there
will be an open stake of not less than
forty-eight entries. The total prize money
will be J1010.
Sixty-four greyhounds will start to
morrow at Union -Coursing Park. -The
first brace will be slipped upon the ar
rival of the 10:15 a. m. train. The likely
winners look to be:
Red Pepper, Consort, Mickey Free, Ragged
Archer, Presidio Boy, Royal Archer, Van Nora,
Belle Free, Reckless Acrobat, Barge, Silver
Heels, Renegade Apache, Algy McDonald, Pre
clta. Maid. Tralee Boy, Wedgewood, Dear Gas
ton. Master Rocket, Frisky Barbara, Toung
Hoffman, Cloverdale, Red Rock, Remlsso, Anl
rao, Reno, Roy Hughie, Mount Rose, Vandal,
Reta S, Silver Cloud, Don Pedro, Vina, Bonnie
Pasha. :-,. '} *
THE California Coursing Commit
tee stake, one of the big annual
events in coursing, will be decided
one week from to-morrow at Union
Coursing Park. It will be the first benefit
tendered the committee during its five
years' existence. The coursing fraternity
has united to make it both a sporting and
a financial success.
At San Many Enter
the Qualifying Rounds for
the Council's Cup Contest
California Coursing Com
mittee Meet Brings Out
a Most Remarkable Entry
GOLFERS SPEND
VACATION DAYS
IN COMPETITION
SPEEDY HOUNDS
NOMINATED FOR
CLASSIC STAKE
To-night the members of tho San Fran
cisco Yacht Club ylll give a dance in
their quarters at Sausalito and to-mor
row several parties will be taken out for
a da>'» cruise.
The sloops Queen, Nellie and Surprise
also left Sausalito on Saturday, proceed
ing through San Pablo and Suisun bays
to New York Slough: thence through the
San Joaquin River into the Mokelumne
River; thence through Georglana Slough
into the Old Sacramento River, and so
•lown to Valiejo and home. The sloop
Halcyon went up the Sacramento River
and came out by way of Georgiana
Sloujrh. The sloop Queen had on board
Dr. T. L. Hill, R. M. Welch. H. Gingg.
H. C. Toll and Allen Hayes. The weather
was so calm .during the day that most of
the sailing was done at night, there be
ing a bright moon. Many of the trees
on the banks of Georgiana Slough have
been cut down and the yachtsmen en
joyed a free wind through the slough.
The gloop Curlew, with J. M. Punnett
and G. T. S. White on board, was also
out on a holiday cruise. Valiejo was
reached by the yachtsmen . on .Tuesday
ard Sausalito on Wednesday evening.
In the SO-foot class Frank Stone's sloop
Presto was missed, eh© having been un
able to get out of Tiburon Cove. Her
owner and crew believed there would be
no race. "W. G. Morrow's sloop Challen
ger not only beat all the 30-footers, but
made actually better time over the course
than any of the 86-footers or than the
44-footers Speedwell and Mexico. Her
time for the fourteen-mile course was
less than two and a half hours. Nixie
made the second best time, 35 seconds
more than two and a half hours. Edna
beat her old rival Emma, both In elapsed
and correct time and won the second
flag In the SS-foot class. Harpoon captur-
Jng the Mafcdonough Cup and the first
flag of the association.
In the six classes twenty-three boats
were entered and of these eighteen com
pleted the course. The big sloop Annie
entered In the 55-foot class, but. as she
had no competitor, did not Bail round the
course-. The sloop Rover was cruising- in
the channel during the afternoon, but
did not reach the starting-line In time.
The 6Chooncrs Chispa and White "Wings
were on the course during the races.
Many yachtsmen who did not Intend to
enter the races availed themselves of the
holidays to take long cruises. Commo
dore R. S. Brldgman of the San Francisco
Yacht Club and party In the sloop Thetis,
accompanied by "W. "W. Haley and friends
in the sloop Ariel, left Sausallto on the
5th inst. Thetis reached Paradise Cove,
but Ariel dropped back to the Sausalito
tide station. On Sunday Ariel joined
Thetis and both yachts sailed up Peta
luma Creek and through the drawbridge
to LakeviHe, with a good breeze. On the
way up the sloop Tnelma and the Califor
nia flagship Idler were passed in a blind
:-=lough. At Lakeville the sloop Espy was
joined. After lying: at anchor for two
hours the yachts Ariel and Thetis
dropped down to the drawbridge, where
they moored for the night. Early on
Monday morning the yawl Idler passed
*i netls, which did not raise anchor till
3 :30 p. m. Sausalito was reached on Mon
day evening.
It was suggested that as Discovery and
Neva were the only entries In the 25
foot class and both are in trim for rac
ing, they be permitted to sail the course
for the Macdonough Cup in their class.
Many yachterr.cn. would be glad to see
the race.
Rollo Smith, judge on the windward
stakeboat, reported that the yawl Royal
fouled the sloop Alice, which swerved at
the leeward mark, •with her jigger. Also
ihat the sloop Aeolus fouled the main
*heet of the sloop Truant. No cups,
flags nor certificates were affected by the
fouls.
Of the five boats entered in the twenty
f"i>t special class for the Law cup four
went over the course, two being San
Francisco yachts and two Corinthian. It
was a disappointment to many of the
yachtsmen that Discovery and Neva did
not reach the starting line, for an inter
• stins- struggle was expected between
•hem. In the yawl class E. C. Clark's
Gjrpsie was beaten for first place for tho
iirst time in several years, Robert Vin
t ent's new boat, Iola. the standard of the
class, beating her nearest rival by more
than ten minutes actual sailing time and
1 y more than four minutes corrected time.
'. ho committee believed it would be nec
< Bsary to postpone the annual regatta,
shortly after that time a little breeze
came and increased in force so rapidly
ihat at 2 o'clock It was blowing freshly.
ALTHOUGH up to 1:30 p. m. on Ad
mission day it seemed hopeless to
hold a yacht race on the bay and
This is the third of a series of tourna
ments. The last event was won by Y. C.
Lawson. who beat G. C. Patterson in the
final. In the tournament now running
both these clever players were put out in
the first round. Lawson _waa beaten by
A. R. Patterson, 21—11, and G. C. Patter
son was taken into camp by Hugh Barr.
21-13.
sizing up the work of the football
men and prophesying who will be mem
bers of the varsity or freshmen teams.
The climate has had its effect on the tem
pers and condition of the men, for It has
made them sullen and sluggish, and tha
two days' vacation was welcomed with
delight
But the weather must change some time
and the holidays cannot go on forever, 9<>
from this time on there will be "energetic
work done. The coaches have be^n send
ing their pupils along rather gently bo far
but the serious business is about to begin.
The plan of having the men line up and
run with tho ball and fall upon it has
been followed out to the letter since train
ing began. The tackling and rough worlc
has been left for next week when tha
men's muscles will have become hardened.
The varsity players have been lining up
in the following fashion: Left-end. Dp
meritt; left tackle. Howard: left guard.
Stow: center, Stroud: right guard. Over
all; right tackle. Forse; right end. Hud
son; quarter-back, Geary; left half. Ris
ley; full-back, Boynton; right half. "Whip
pie. Muther. Klttrell and "White hav«
been alternating with the half3 and Steam
with the full-back.
At present it seems these men will b*
the choice of Coaches Whipple and Hall
for this year's team. The men are all
veterans and do not seem to have any
competitors, though a "phenom" is likely
to develop any time. The changes are
most likely to occur through the decisions
of Mini. More and Heitmuller In regard to
their playing. These men made records*
last year and the college wants them to
get into the game again. It may be. they
may not be able to withstand the weight
of much importuning, in which case tho
team will be greatly strengthened.
The freshmen squad has been devotins
more attention to the ba.ll and field than
the varsity. There are fifty of them, all
anxious to get a place on the team, which
accounts for their faithful trainine. It
Is Impossible to pick a team from tho
crowd yet so the coaches have been giv
ing them all a chance to show what they
can do. There are a number of good
players among them but none with a rec
ord that makes him stand out above his
fellows. Mini has been helping Coaches
Whipple and Hall show the freshmen how
to play the game this week.
Manager Decoto has arranged with tha
Stanford representatives the dates for the
two big games and some of the prelim
inary games. The freshmen intercolle
giate game will be played on October 17
and the varsity intercollegiate game on
November 14 in San Francisco. The first
freshmen game will be played with either
the Berkeley High School or the Oakland
High School on Saturday, the 13th inst.
The varsity will play its first same some
time near the end of the month with tha
Reliance team that Is being organized
by "Pete" Smith. A game has been
scheduled for October 24 on the campus
against the Chemawa Indians of Oregon.
Hutchinson vs. John T. Dare: Janes W. Elder
vs J B Low; Thomas G. Altkfns vs. Jump*
Rolnh Jr : W. II. Stewart vs. William Agard;
M L. Crowe vs. J. D. Robertson: I Inch Hamil
ton vs R. Park: R. R- lHommedieu vs.
J M Karsman; Rev. W. K. Guthrte va. John
McLaren: Andrew V>'ocd va. J. P. McGllvray;
J 3. Webster vs. Alexander Mackle.
BERKELEY, Sept 11. — Th© hot
weather and two holidays this
week destroyed all chances fop
The problem of developing good purhers
and place kickers is at present occupying
a great deal of the coaches' time. Left
Tackle Sprott '06 is being tried out as a
goal kicker and promises to be a worthy
successor to "Bill" Traeger. whom he
supplanted on the varsity eleven. He
seems to have little difficulty in placing
the ball between the posts from as far
back as the thirty-yard line. Should he
succeed in combining speed with, ac
curacy he may prove a successful rival
of Captain Overall of Berkeley. "Sav
age" Dole '03, varsity halfback, and three
candidates for the freshman team— E.
Dole, a brother of the varsity half; "Wel
ler, a point-winner in the intercollegiate
field day last spring; and Sprott, a prom
ising quarterback from Portland— are
given a chance to punt every afternoon
and all are showing up well.
Treasurer Cowden of the Associated
Students has completed negotiations for a
game with the Chentawa Indian team
from Oregon. The Indians are said to
have a fast and clever eleven, so the con
test should be one of unusual Interest.
The date selected for the game is October
28. They will meet California the pre
vious Saturday.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Sept. 11.
Several of the warmest days of the
year have been numbered in the
week just closing and as a result pro
gress on the football field has been nec
essarily slow. The men have been put
through light work at punting and run
ning down on kicks, with some slightly
heavier work during the last two days.
Thursday afternoon the players lined up
for the first time this season.
The men have been divided up into two
squads, one under Coach Lanagan and
the other under Assistant Coach Slaker.
These two squads have in turn been sub
divided into sections A and B and will be
pitted against each other in daily • scrim
mages. Signals were given out "Wednes
day afternoon and signal practice formed
a part of the afternoon's work. With
their first preliminary game but a week
away the varsity candidates have a hard
week's work ahead of them in order to
get in condition to make a creditable
showing.
The first game scheduled for the varsity
will occur on the 19th inst.. when it will
meet the Reliance Club eleven on the
campus gridiron. The outcome of that
game is purely a matter of conjecture, for
nothing is known of the comparative
strength of the two teams. Four line po
sitions and one back position have been
left vacant in the cardinal team as it ap
peared last year. "While all of the va
cancies will be hard to fill with men as
good as those who played last fall, the
greatest loss is that of Fullback McGH
vray. He was nearly always good for his
distance on a line buck and was easily
the best punter on the team.
Unusual Heat Causes the Coaches to Go Slow With
Candidates for the Big Elevens.
Neva and Discovery Are in
Trim to Strive for Flag
and Macdonough Trophy
YACHTING MEN
WISH RACE IN
25-FOOT CLASS
FOOTBALL MEN UNDERGO
LIGHT TRAINING WORK
CRIDIRON GIANTS SETTLE DOWN TO REGULAR PRACTICE
8HARNESS HORSE WHICH IS DESTINED TO JOIN LOU DILLON AS A
TWO-MINUTE TROTTER, MUCH TO THE SURPRISE OP HORSE
MEN, WHO DID NOT EXPECT SUCH A PERFORMANCE.
The Epplnger case was postponed yes
terday before Commissioner Green until
next Thursday at 10 a. m. Garret Mc-
Enerney, attorney for Bernard Ettlinger,
waa in Martinez, and the case was post
poned on his account '••'--:
Epptnger Case Goes Over.
BETHLEHEM, Pa., Sept. 11.— Twenty
thousand people attended the closing of
the State Fair here to-day and saw Prince
Alert give the Bethlehem half-mile track
the world's record of 2:03^ for a mile.
Mart Demorest drove the pacing king.
The latter was accompanied by The Monk,
a runner. Prince Alert's fractional time
was 0:31^, 1:02^. 1:33%, 2:03^.
Half-Mile Track Record.
AT . a meeting of the Automobile
Club of California held in J.
D. Spreckels' office on Thurs
day ninht there were present F. A.'
Hyde, president, and E. Courtney
Ford, vice president of the club, J. D.
Spreckel8, Dr. D. A. Stapler, C. C. Moore,
A. E. Brooke-Ridley, W. Wagner, A. M.
Hunt and others. N. T. Messer Jr. offi
ciated as secretary in the absence of "E.
P. Brlnegar, secretary of the Automobile
Club. It was decided that an automobile
meet, to last two days, be held on the
Ingleslde race track. The president of tlrie
cUib was authorized to arrange for and
announce automobile races to take place
on Saturday and Sunday, November 7
and 8.
The Automobile Club of California,
through its president, F. A. Hyde, will
make application to the Park Commis
sioners for an extension of the privileges
accorded to automobllists in Golden Gale
Park. The committee of the club on law
and order was Instructed to use Its best
efforts to aid the Supervisors and Park
Commissioners to carry out the ordi
nances provided for the regulation of
motor cars. The surplus, if any, aritlng
from the automobile races on the Ingle
slde track, will be devoted to improving
the main roads In various counties of tne
State and In providing better conditions
for automobiles and horse-drawn vehi
cles. •
Two Days' Meeting for Motor
Cars Announced for the
First Week in. November
AUTOMOBILISTS
WILL COMPETE
AT INGLESIDE
Defeat the Washington Team in Close
Contest on the Home
Grounds.
AMERICAN LEAGUE,
B08T0N, Sept. 11. — Boston made it four
straight by taking- to-day's game from Wash
ington. Attendance 35C0. Score:
' R. II. E.
Boston 2 8 3
Washington 1 6 0
Batteries — Gibson and Stahl, Dunkle and
Klttredge.
NEW YORK. Sept. 11. — Two games won by
each team is the record or the last series
between Philadelphia and Xew York. Attend
ance 2900. Score:
R. H, E.
New York 4 11 l
Philadelphia 7 12 1
Batteries— Chesbro, Tannehlll and Bevllle;
Flank and Schenk.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 11. — St. Louis defeated Chi
cago eaelly to-day. Attendance 800. Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis 6 7 3
Chicago 15 3
' Batteries— Sievers and Sugden, White and
Sullivan.
CLEVELAND, O.. Sept. 11. — Detroit and
Cleveland broke even in a double-header to
day, each scoring a shut out. The second game
was called In the sixth inning on account of
darkness. Attendance 5300. Scores:
First same— K. II. e.
Cleveland O 4 - 1
Detroit 3 9 O
Batteries — Glendon and Bemls, Mullln and
McGulre.
Second game— It. H. E.
Cleveland « 0 2
Detroit 0 4 2
Batteries — Killaln and Abbott. Skopec and
Buelow.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
PITTSBURG, Sept 11.— Branafleld'a stupid
playing In the ninth made It possible for Phil
adelphia to make five runs and win the game.
Attendance 1750. Score:
R. H. e.
Pittsburg 2 8 2
Philadelphia 7 11 i
Batteries^ — Thompson and Smith, Mitchell
and Zimmer. . Umpire— O'Day.
CHICAGO, Sept. 11.— Two hits with a steal
and an error in the first,' three singles and a
trift and an out In the second, gave Brook
lyn a close game to-day. Attendance 1500.
Chicago 2 8' a
Brooklyn • 3 « o
Batteries — Currle and Kling, Schmidt and
Jacklltsch. Umpire — Moran.
« m •
TACOMA. BeDt. 11. — The German bark No
mla arrived In port last nleht and will take
the first cargo of wheat to be shipped from
Tacoma of the new crop. The vessel will
probably be ready to sail within ten days.
Her cargo will be shipped by Balfour Ruthrie
& Co. to the United Kingdom. *V .
BOSTON AMEBICANS MAKE
IT F0UB STBAIGHT GAMES
Henry Harris received bad news from Los
Angeles yesterday afternoon. He was in
formed by wire that Danny Shay was laid up
In a hospital. Shay has a dislocated shoulder
and will be out of the game for many weeks.
This makes It bad for the home team, as it
will be imDOESlble to set any man who can
fill the place of the San Francisco shortstop.
SYRACUSE. N. Y.. Sept. 11.— With
turf conditions which were estimat
ed to make the course a good half
second slower than on Wednesday, when
he established a new world's trotting
record for geldings, 2:01%, Major Delmar
went a mile on the State Fair Grounds
track at 5 o'clock this" afternoon in
2:00»i. lowering 1 his previous record one
and a quarter seconds.
This remarkable exhibition of speed
was made In the presence of 15,000 per
sons, who cheered enthusiastically when
the result was announced, and it was
realized that Lou Dillon, the two-minute
trotter, alone stood between Major Del
mar and the world's trotting record, and
that by only a quarter of a second.
The early actions of Major Delmar did
not promise the splendid achievement
which was to follow. Twice McDonald
nodded his head as he drove Delmar
down the stretch, accompanied by a run
ner, and twice did the gelding break, first
at the eighth and then -at the quarter
pole, and waa returned for another start.
A pair of shadow goggles were removed
from Delmar's eyee, as It was thought
they had a tendency to make him rest
less, and McDonald again announced His
readiness for another trial.
This time there was no fluke. With the
regularity of clockwork Delmar settled
down to his work and interest In the
grand stand became Intense. The quarter
wa^ reached in :31Vi, the same time made
by Delmar in Wednesday's trial. Soon
after paESing the quarter pole the gelding
faltered slightly, but soon recovered him
self and reached the half In 1:01. having
gained three-quarters of a second over
his time on Wednesday. At the half Del
mar and his running mate were Joined by
a second runner and the real contest be
gan. Side by side flew the three horses.
Glances at watches showed that the third
quarter had been done in :29M and a
mighty cheer went up. Coming into the
stretch McDonald gave Delmar a light
touch with the whip and the gelding In
response made a magnificent spurt which
brought him under the wire In 2:00»i.
the present time. They will Join U'ilson's
team when it reaches the northern city to
open with Portland next Wednesday. Their
absence has weakened the team considerably,
as both are exceptionally fast men.
Cheese at 13 cents a pound ia more eco
nomical as food than meat at the tama
price.
First race, elx furlongs, selling — Catherine
Knox 05. Badger 100, Donna Bella 93. Cres
slda 89 Aline 8 95; Ban Lutton 100. Crinv*
fH. Model Monarch 100/ Bird Slayer 94. Called
ST. LOUIS. Sept. . 11.— Delmar entries:
DELMAR ENTRIES.
Next Sunday special train excursion to Rus
sian River Redwoods, (1 CO round trip. Finest
short scenic trips In California. Train at 8 a.
m. Sausallto ferry. Reserve your seat at ticket
office. bH'j Market street, San Francisco, *
Reserved Seat Excursions, Giant Bed
woods. /*
SEA GIRT, N. J., Sept. IL— The Infantry
rifle team of the United States army
came to the fore decidedly late this after
noon and captured the Dryden trophy by
scoring a total of 995 out of a possible
1200. At the final stage, the 1000 yards
range, the infantry team finished five
points ahead of the next nearest compe
titor, the District of Columbia. The best
Individual shooting: among the members
of the winning team was done by Quar
termaster Sergeant Hawkins, a colored
man. The winning: team received a cash
prize of $150 and will hold the beautiful
trophy for one year.
Infantry Bifle Team Wins.
2 05 pace, two in three— Xervola won two
straight heats In 2:06\i. Terrace Queen. Carl
Wllkes. Fannie Dillard and Riley B also
"•10 Dace purse 31500 — Star Hal won three
stra'ightlwats In 2:09%. 2:07»4. 2:0»*4. John
T, Jessie S, OUvewood and Briar Keels also
* Old Colony. 2:30 trot, purse $3000— Judge
Green won the flrrt. third and fourth heats In
2:14Vi. 2:1*^5, 2:20'i. Patchen Maid won the
second heat in 2;i:t and was distanced In the
third. Texas and Prince Cotton also started.
2:07 trot, purse $15CO— Dan T won the sec
ond and third heats In 2:0SU. S:1O. F«reno
won the first heat in 2:07%. Susie J. Charley
Herr. Monte Carlo and Rythmlc also started.
HARTFOHD, Conn., Sept. 11.— In a bat
tle against time, handicapped by a heavy
wind^and an unsatisfactory track, Dan
Patch, the champion pacer, failed at
ChaWes River Park to-day to break th©
record made there two years ago by Star
Pointer In two minutes flat. The won
derful horse went the mile In 2:01, doins
the last quarter In 29^ seconds.
Of the other events of the closing day of
the meet the 2:07 trot furnished the most
excitement. Dan T. after being fourth
In the first heat, took the next two. Sum
mary:
Wind and a Heavy Track.
Champion Pacer Is Handicapped by
DAN PATCH OUTSIDE BE00BD.
. SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
celling:
Betting. Horse/ Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1 — Ky. Cardinal, 104 (Bknrth) 5 5 12
2 to 1 — Nevereuch, 96 (George) .... 3 2 2 \
3 to 1— Echodale, 110 (Castro) 1 1 3 12
Time, 2:03. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, W. J. Donohue's b. c. by Badge-Aggl* M.
Dr. Hart 108. H*gira 97, El Caney 100. Galore
93, Niisar 103, also ran.
Time. 1:25%. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, T. H. Stevens' b. c. by Fonso-Florl
more. Falkland 108, Follea Bergeres 103, also
ran.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 2— Walnut HlU, 106 (Castro). 3 4 1 l'i
7 to 1— Atlas. 105 (Louden) 2 1 2h
20 to 1— Town Moor, 103 (Xiblack) 4 ' 5 3 n
Time, 1:24 U. Start good'. Won driving.
Winner, E. & L. Bohlman's b. h. by Kings
ton-Kitty L. Barkelroore 90. Mlmo 95, Or
leans 98. Optional 104, also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. Kt. % Fin.
8. to 5— Kindred, 114 (Sheehan)... 3 2 lh
5 to 2— Frank Bell, 116 (Shea)... 4 12
15 to 1— Alflo. 07 (McKinney) 0 6 3n
THIRD RACK — Mile: purse:
Betting;. Horae, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1 — Mallory. 100 (Hayes) 3 3 IV.
2 to 1— Aules. 97 (Calvit) 4 2 22
5 to 2— Worthlngton,104 (Bknruth) 1 1 3 5
Time, 1:55. Start good. \Von driving. Win
ner, . I*. C.-61oan'« ch. c. by Onontiago-Mlss
Thomas. Golden Glitter 102, Peter Duryea
100, also ran.
SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
selling: ¦
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
S to 1— Athena, 104 (Austin) 9 5 15
9 to l—O. McKinneyf 100 (smlth).ll 8 2n
12 to 1 — Henry Luehrman Jr., 100
(Gullett) ... 3 4 3%
Time. 1:17%. Start sood. Won easily.
Winner, T. P. Hayes 1 b. f. by Halma-Bessle
Lee B. Freeborn 103. Bird Pond 98. Bride 100,
Haven Run 106. Lona 8 95, Spencerlan 93,
Lady Fonse 103, Canossa 05, also ran.
Time. 1:25. Start cood. Won driving. AVin
ner, M. Youne 1 * b. c. by First Mate-Vera.
Howard P 94, Wilhelmina 104, Duke Daah
away-101, Rejoice 97, Escanaba 97, Rurallst 97,
Tambourine Girl 102, Sealskin 102, Crescerton
105, also ran.
FIRST RACE — Six furlongs: purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1 — Second Mate. 105 <Walce) 8 8 1 n
B to .5 — Behoove, 103 (Sheehan).. 9 4 22
15 to 1— Whiten, 97 (Shea) 5 6 3 8
Kindred won the handicap • through
fclever riding by Sheehan. Frank Bell
was the best horse, but Shea was unable
to do him justice and Kindred won by a
nose. Summary:
ST. LOUIS, Sept 11.— A very fair
Friday card, with a six furlong
handicap as a feature, was run
over a heavy and holding: track. The
warm, sunshiny day brought out a good
attendance. ".
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Sheehan Pilots Kindred to
' Victory in the Feature
Event on a Heavy Track
CLEVER RIDING
WINS HANDICAP
AT ST. LOUIS
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
By Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Bardolph, Albemarle,
Vestry.
Second race — Wing Dance, Major
Dixon, Learoyd.
Third race— Judge Hiraes, Fonso
luca, Linguist. ;-v
Fourth race — Jack Ratlin, Witful,
Brulare.
Fifth race — Rockaway, Nannie
Hodge, Crazados.
Sixth race — Prince Blazes, O'Ha
gen, Alfred C.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles. sell
ing—Alfred C 102. Dodle 3 102. O'Hagen 1CS.
Bard of Avon 99 Lodeatar 98. Kunja 98. Prince
Blazes 98. Carat 96.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Crozados 10ft, Aho
la 97. Rockaway 0o Father Tallent 00. Xannis
Hodge 87, Tootsey Mack 79.
CHICAGO. Sept. 11.— Harlem entries:
First race, six furlongs, selling — Americana
102 Bardolph 102 Safeguard 101. Will Shelly
t»7 ' Flyer 90. Vestry 95 Miriam XV &4. Pea
Ridge 94. Prodigality 94. Jackfull 94. Altw
marle 94. First Attempt 94. Lord Melbourne 04.
Second race one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing—Fir.gal 99. Wing Dance OS, Major Dlxon
flS Compass 98, Frank Me flS. Give All 93,
Learoyd 08. Frank M 94. Old Mike 94.
Third race, one and threes-eighths miles.
Tecumseh handicap — Six Shooter 121. Judga
Hlmes 112. Fonsoluca 107. Linguist 102. Lendin
101. Major Tenny 96. (Linguist and Lendin,
Cook entry.)
Fourth race seven-eighths of a mile. handi
cap—Jack Ratlin 112, Brulare 10O, M. Beau
calre 93. Rag Tag 93. Callant 98. Ahola 98.
Wltful 94. St. Tammany 9O. (Beaucalre and
Brulare. Darden entry-)
HARLEM ENTRIES.
By New York Morning Telegraph.
¦ First race — Crime, Bird Slayer,
Goudy.
Second race — Ben Adkins, Old
Stone, Wenrick.
Third race — Exapo, Lynch, Our
Lady.
Fourth race — Bagpgerly, Don
O'Hlgh, Brancas.
Fifth race — Chlckasha, Fon Spray,
IH Caney.
[ Sixth race — Echodale, Ous Lanka,
Sid Silver.
Seventh race — Russelton, Brown
Vail, Peat.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
Back 98. Goudy S3. A Truant 94, Pops Leo
106.
Second race, six furlongs, purse — Matt Wad
lelgh 97. Ben Aukina 104, Wenrick 100. Old
Stone 115.
Third race, one mil«. selling— Little Henry
100. Duke Dashaway 98. Judge Towner 10O,
Whltmore 100, Lynch 100. Exapo SO. Scotch
Snuff 95 Daddy Bender 93. Peter Duryea 10S.
Our Lady 105, Tickful 105.
Fourth race six furlongs. New Century
handicap— Baggerly 90. Bugler 86, Don CHlgh
02 Brancas 114.
Fifth race, mile and seventy yards, selling
— Lord Roberts 95. Frisco Ben 99. El Caney
104. Pay the Fiddler 96. Chlckasha 86. Fa
qulta. 101. Georgie Lewis 86. D'Arcy 92 Goo
Goo 91. Fon Spray 101.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling — Mathilda
89 Zlrl 103, Domlnis 100, Stub 92. Requisition
95. Sid Silver 100, Echodale 109, Glenca Learn
ing 100, Evening News S9, Burgoyne 100, Bud
welser S9. Irene Mac 97. Gua Lanka 103.
Seventh race, mile and seventy yards, sell
ing, purse — Eliza Dillon 96. Welsh Girl 107
Hucena 101. Peat 101, Brown Vail 86. Branch
II 101. Baronet 101. Class Leader 94, Little
Lois 90, Ruasellton 107.* L8u CUeveden 06
Weather cloudy: track heavy.
First race, trotting, consolation purse — Zom
bayette, H D B. The Deedee. Moor Rose. Sut
tcr. Lady Zambra. Lady Maddison.
Second race, five and a half furlongs — Bill
Toung 107 Dwlght Way 114 Rolaller 105 Oro
Viva 114. Malpaquet 107, Madam Bishop 105,
Quidado 110.
Third race, five and a half furlongs— Gold
Scratch 115. Step Around 10«. Skirmish 112,
Little Margaret 106. Skip Me 112.
Fourth race, one and three-quarter mile*.
President's stake — Illowaho 100 Cambaceres
9O Solon 1C2, Constellator 95. Horatius 107.
Divina 119.
Fifth race, five-eighths of a mile, handicap,
two-year-olds — Annie Marie 113, Miss May
Rowdish 100, Metlakalta 10O, Instructor 120.
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs — Blissful
104. Royal F 110. E. M. Brattain 108. Glen
denning 113.
Seventh race, seven-eighths of a mile —
Blondura 105. The Miller 114. Miss Remsen 111
Honduran 104. Limber Jim 114. Miss Vera 111.
ENTRIES FOR SATURDAY.
Five furlongs, selling, purse $223 — Ruvia. c.
f. by Rubicon-Leonara II. 115 (Lewis), 8 to 1.
¦won: Pat Bulger, 108 (Frawley). 6 to 5, second;
Charlie Schweitzer. 1C8 (Burke), 6 to 5, third.
Time, 1:03. Nora also ran.
Five furlongs, selling, purse $223 — Czarette.
b. f. by Bloomsberry-Czartna, 89 (Hildebrand).
4 to 5, won; St. Wilda. 107 (Frawley). 0 to 1.
second; Little Secret. 1C4 (Lewis). 6 to 1. third.
Time, l:02Vi. Winifred Weir, Samar and
Frierliene also ran.
One mile, purse $225 — Meehanus, ch. h. by
Golden Garter-Fedelma. J12 (L. Jackson), 4 to
5. won; David S, 112 (Chandler), 2 to 1. sec
ond: Anvil. 102 (Hildebrand). 0 to 5. third.
Time. l:40?i. No others.
Five furlongs, selling, purse $225 — Miss Divi
dend, b. m. by Almont-Maggle W, 107 (Fraw
ley), 7 to 2, won; Mamie, 102 (Jackson). 10 to
1, second: Quadado. 110 (Bozeman), 5 to 2,
third. Time. l:02Vi. Doris. Dusty Rhodes,
Tacna and Tom Mitchell also ran.
Six furlongs, selling, purse $225 — Madame
Bishop, ch. m. by The Bishop-Easter Lady.
105 (Chandler). 4 to 1. won: Tamm. 110 fFraw
ley), 3 to 5, second; Royal S, 110 (Hildebrand),
5 to 1, third. Time, 1:14%. Roltaire, Rublno
and Isabelllta also ran.
Six furlongs, selllntr, purse $225 — El Piloto,
b. g. by Gano-Claudimoro, 110 (Frawley), even,
won; Judge Voorhles. 107 (Powell), 8 tr» 5. sec
ond; Maresa, HO (HHdebrand). 3 to 1. third.
Time, l:13'j. Wandering Boy and Gold
Scratch also ran.
SUMMARY.
SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth mile»;
¦olllnsr:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
9 to 5— Jove, 93 (H Phillips) 2 114
IS to 1— Florence H. SI) (Uobblns) 4 2 2 5
4 to 1 — Lodestar, Of) (9 Bonner). 14 3 5
Time. 1:57 4-5. Start gooa. Won ea3?d up.
Winner. H. Gardner & Co's bay gelding br
Losic-Slashes. Trcnin if*. Lovable ttT>. Sinner
Simon 07, Give All 90. also ran.
FIFTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
& to 1 — Lord Melbourne, 10O
«HifEer) 1117
3 to 1— Brush By, 04 (Wilson) ! 3 224
12 to 1— Larty Matchles*. 01 (Knp) 4 4 31V,
Time. 1:55 3-3. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. S. t 3 . Bender's bay gelding by Prlnc*
of Monaco-Gondola. Fading Light 92. Bar
rack 110, Last Knight 102, Domadce 90, also
ran.
,Tlme. 1:10. Start good. Won In a canter.
"Winner, G. W. Belknap & Co's chestnut fllly
by Cayugra-Ace of Hearts. The Don 102. Coro
ner Kelly 81, Will Sherry IOC. Fleuron 112.
Ran Gallant 100. Joe Ross S4, Pomrino 1C9.
Dr. O'Neill 102. Moabina 112. Erookwood Bella
81, also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; purse:
Batting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
" to ] — Gypiene. W> (Wilson) 5 2 13
0 to 2— St. Tammany. 105 (Davsn) 4 3 22
7 to 1— Quiz II. 105 (3 lionner).. 1 4 31^
Time, 1:48. Start gcx^d. Won easily. Win
ner, L. S. hire's chestnut fllly by Lacohatrhee-
Harlem. Curate 100. Lady Kent 96, Bant
Burns 102 also ran.
THIRD RACE— One mile; purse:
Betting. Horse. Welstht. Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to 3 — Ancke, 02 (Robblns) 4 112
6 to 5— Orfeo, SO (Wilson) 2 2 2 *$
5 to 2— Wane Nlcht. 1C0 (Knapp). :::;;'. M
SECOND RACE— Stcepl»rtias«. short courso;
handicap:
Uettlnp. Horse. Weisht. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1— Handvlce, 12H <G Johnson) S 1 13
2"i to 1— Snowdrift. 123 (Cairna)... 3 3 2«
5 to 2— Oliver Sic. IV* (Corbley).. 7 4 3 10
Time. .t:37 [i-i. Start eor>rl. "Won easily.
Winner, J. F. Fleming & Co's black ffeldjiis
by Hanover-Device. Mrs. Grannan 14O. Gra
tia also ran. Galba 120 fell. Llmelisht 1X1
and First Past 123 ran out.
FIRST RACE— Five furlonpi; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St «i Fin
0 to 2— AUista. 107 (Matthn»W3). . . t 1 \ «;
3 to 1 — Uowena. tlO (Otis) 2 3 2 nk
10 to 1— Katie Powers. 10O (Atkn) 3 2 8 4
Time. 1:08 2-5. Start .rood. Won handlty.
n Inner. J. itennion's chestnut filly by Larap
llKhter-Mamla Fonso. Miss Mollle 97. Cogno
men 104. Durban 07. Badger Girl 110. La Chap
erone 04. Alary Hill 00, also ran.
CHICAGO. Sept. ll.-Bad racing
luck cost Orfeo the third and fea
ture event of the Harlem card to
day, the race going to Ancke. second
choice In the betting at 13 to 5. Rounding
the first turn there was considerable
bumplnsr. In which Orfeo got all the worst
of it. being knocked back to the last
place. Then Wilson drove Corrlgan'a
gelding up and he reached the leaders in
next quarter of a mile. The early use to
which Orfeo had been put told when the
final effort came and he faltered, allow
ing Ancke to win unextended, with two
length to spare. The track was deep and
holding and the weather cloudy, sultry
and threatening. On account of the ordi
nary card the attendance was only fair,
although the racing was spirited and the
betting heavy. The talent failed to get
as good a break to-day as tney did yes
terday, not a favorite winning Sum
mary:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Ancke Wins Feature Event
at Harlem Easily With
Two Lengths to Spare
Horace Egbert, an official of the New
California Jockey Club, was also up on a
flying trip from San Francisco.
Frank Skinner has received an offer to
preside in the stand at Portland, where
a race meeting occurs the latter part of
the present month.
To-morrow will mark the close of the
State fair race meeting with the presi
dent's stake as the feature of the card.
F. E. MULHOLLAND.
By the time the last race was called the
wind which had been blowing, died out
considerably and the water was smoother.
At the start, which was also accomplished
from the six furlong pole, Hiraebrand. on
Marena, caught the water first. Coxswain
Frawley though, on the favorite El Piloto,
displayed a complete knowledge, of the
course, steering in first by two or three
open boat lengths. In his wake came
Judge Voorhees, then Maresa.
J. W. Brooks, manager of the coming
Los Angeles race meeting, was a visitor
at the track to-day.
Frawley, on Tamm, backed from even
money to 3 to 5 favoritism to take the
first six furlong affair, delayed too long
en route and met with defeat. Chandler,
on Madame Bishop, a 4 to 1 chance,
sneaked away in the lea'd and lasted long
en route and met with defeat. Chandler,
the odds on favorite. The show went to
Loyal S.
There were seven starters In the fourth
number, another five furlong sprint.
Frawley, on Miss Divldend.a SVi to 1 shot,
jumped away in the lead at the start and
was never headed. At her heels finished
Mannle, a 10 to 1 outsider, and Cuidada, the
third choice. Doris and Dusty Rhodes
were nuoted at 8 to 5. Doris was
bumped at the start.
There was only one purse race on the
programme, aryl that had but three start
ers. Meehanus which was brought to
this State a fortnight ago with the Elra
wood Farm horses, was Installed a 4 to
5 favorite. He won by a neck in 1:40%
after an extended drive with David S.
Anvil never looked dangerous. Jackson,
on the winner, rode a clever race after
breaking a stirrup on the back stretch.
For the opening five furlong dash four
2-year-olds that had not won two races
went to the barrier. Charlie Schvroit
zer was held at 7 to 5. Pat Bulger 3 tr>
2, Nora 3 to 2 and Ruvia 8 to 1. The last
named fllly with little Lewis up got cut
oft* early- in the game, but came through
in the stretch, winning handily from Pat
Bulger and Schweitzer.
A five furlong spin for maidens followed
with the 2-year-old Czarette. ridden by
Hildebrand, an even money favorite. Hil
debrand got his mount away first to a
straggling start and won all the way. St.
Willda finished second in front of Little
Secret.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 11.— The har
ness horse was eliminated entirely
from to-day'c card at Agricultural
Park owing to a paucity of material. The
six running events decided showed a sad
lacking of class. - The attendance was
only fair and the betting was light. Three
favorites won.
: Spin for Maiden Two- Year-
Olds, Leading Throughout
Czarette Wins Five Furlong
Is Only One-Quarter of a Second Outride the Time
Made by the California Mare, Which Performance,
Cdming Unexpectedly, Astonished the Whole World
Bumped at the First Turn
He Drops Back and Is Un
able to Regain the Lead
Beats David S by a Neck
After an Extended Drive
Through the Home Stretch
ANOTHER TWO-MINUTE HORSE
LOOMS UPON THE HORIZON
MEEHANUS TAKES
THE PURSE RACE
AT STATE FAIR
0RFE0 BEATEN
BADLY BY THE
SECOND CHOICE
CAUGHNAWAGA
WITH BURNS UP
FINISHES FIRST
OAKLANDS ENJOY
ANOTHER PICNIC
WITH SEATTLES
Victory Not as Clean Cut
as Friends of Stable Would
Have Wished It to Be
Southpaw Blewett Blows Up
as Soon as Peter's Men
Begin to Hit the Sphere
Jockey's Relation to Whit
ney Will Cease and He
Will Wear Sanford Colors
Wilson's Followers Put Up
an Exhibition That Forces
Fans to Leave the Park
STANDINO OF THE CLVDS.
(Pacific Coast League.)
W. L. Pet. I W. U Pet.
Los Angeles. H2 S3 .«35 Portland ....04 75 .462
"an Fran 83 6f» .SSOiOakland 63 P0 .483
Sacramento.. 74 72 .5O4iSeattle 59 S2 .417
SUCH an exhibition as was handed
out at Recreation Park yesterday
would not do In the lynchers'
league, or In any other bush organiza
tion In the baseball world. The talent
from Seattle were about at its worst, so
any one who was fortunate enough to be
absent can easily imagine how the game
was. Score: Oakland, 6; Seattle. 1.
The aUraction for the day was Mr.
Blewett, late of Tacoma, also New York
and Brooklyn and possibly some other
place. If he gave the best he had yester
day he deserrefl to be chased. He could
not throw a curve nor a swift ball. He
had no control In that left wing of his
end he fielded h!s position like same old
woman trying to break into the game.
Why the Cripples did not make a mil
lion runs is not known. Perhaps they can
tell, but at any rate they seemed content
with six. They made these In numerous
ways. Some by hitting:, others on errors
and come by stealing away from first to
the plate without any of the opposing
players Interfering with-thcir efforts.
The day was a terror. It was hot and
fultry and a haze hung over the diamond.
It was nearly impossible to see the out
fielders when they went after a ball.
There was no ginger nor life in the con
test and the fans were forced to leave the
place before the game was half finished.
They could not stand It longer-.
The Cripples played a good game. They
hit well and fielded perfectly until the
ninth inning, when Willie O'Hara let a
drive from the bat of Mohler pass
through him. Then Smith tore off a
three-cushioner and the little man came
In with the only run for Seattle. The
score:
Oakland — 1 Seattle —
aB. R. H. P.A. AB. R H P.A.
O'Har.cf 4 110 0 Mohlr.2b 3 1113
Franke.s 4 2 0 4 4 Smith.rf. 4 0 13 0
Dever,3b 3 111 1 Brash. lb .3 0 0 12 2
Schwr.2b 4 12 0 4 Zinssr.if. 4 0 13 0
Murdk.rf 4 0 0 4 l'Jansg.Sb 4 0 114
Me.«<>r.lb 4 1 1 10 0 Andrw.cf 3 0 0 0 0
Lchmn.c 4 0 2 4 1 McCart.s 3 0 0 2 0
Kruger.lf 3 0 14 0 Byers.c ..30012
Lee, p... 4 0 00 2|Blewet.p 3 0 0 14
Totals 34 6 8 27 13j Totals 30 1 4 24 15
RU.N'S AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Seattle 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 — 1
Base hit» 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 0 2— 4
Oakland 2 0 2 1 0 1 0 0 x— 6
Base hits 2 0201120 x— 8
SUMMARY.
Stolen base« — Francks (3), Schwarts, Lob
man. Errors — Mohler (2), Smith. McCarthy
'2). Janslr.g. Blewett, O'Hara. Two base bit —
Zinssar. Three haie hit — Smith. Sacrifice hit
— Kruger. Flret base on errors — Oakland 5.
First La*e en called balls — Off Lee, 2; off Blew
ett, 4. Left en bases — Oakland S; Seattle 4.
Struck out — By Lee 4. Double play — Murdock
to Mcsserly. Wild pitch — Blewett. Time of
g-ame — 1:50. Umpire — Levy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY. S^pt. 11.—
Realizing the near approaching
close of the season at the Coney
Island Jockey Club race course, the at
tendance to-day was very l£-rge. Two
stakes adorned the programme, one for
two-year-olds and the other for three
year-olds and upward. TIip last named
v.-as the Russc'.l handlcal at one and a
naif miles. There were but four start
era, yet one of the four was badly inter
fered with, and, while Caughnawaga won
for John Sanford, the victory was not as
clean cut as admirers of the stable
would have preferred. Burns had the
mount on Caushnawaga and his success
was coincident with the announcement
made during the day that his relation as
jockey for W. C. Whitney would cease
to-morrow and that hereafter he will ride
for Mr. Sanford.
Highball. winner of the Flatbush
stakes, was an odds-on favorite for the
Golden Hod stake and. whil« he won by
many ler.eth>. Fuller was forced to use
his whiD on the turn Into the stretch.
FIRST RACE — For fillies, two-year-olds.
f.ve and a half furlongs, on Futurity course:
letting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
11 to 6 — Arnit-nla. I'M (Hedfern) 1115
to 1 — Marjuram. 10» (Bullman). 2 3 2 2
SO to I — Tepe*, HH (Burns) 4 4 3 4^
Time. 1 :o«i. Start bad. Won ridden out. Win
ter. W. C. Whitney'* ch. f. by Medler-Urania.
Thistle Heather lo:», Marraw 105. Ancestor 104.
Charttr H4, Marmalade 1<H. Great Crossing
110, Palettt Ua, also ran.
SECOND RACE— For maiden three-year
olds and upward, one mile:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
I ;o 1— WyeSeld, 10» <J. MarUn).. 4 3 15
M to 1— Mtdal. 10a (Bullman) 6 7 2 h
4 to 1— Sentinel. 10» (O'Neill) 3 13 1
Time, 1:42. Start fair. Won easily. Win
der. W. H. Timmons' ch. f. by Locohatchle
l'uzzle. Calcutta 10M, Erbe 109. Papgbook 10!».
«Jueen Elizabeth 110. Spring Silk 112, Rock
mart l«y. Tact 10W. Nlc iKingworth 112, Royal
Pirate 112. Mollie Moncpole \(fi, Tippetoes lo»,
II. C. Barrett 1G9. also ran.
THIRD RACE— Golden Rod Stakes, for two
year-olds, fix. and a half furlongs, on turf:
Iietting. Hor»H?, Weight, Jockey. St. » 4 Fin.
4 to f>— Highball. 122 <Fuller) 3 3 15
6 to 1— Dimple. 9» (n»vlfern) 2 2 2 2
10 to 1 — Mohnoa. 105 (Burn*) 4 5 3 h
Time. 1:211-5. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner. IV. Scheftel* b. c. by Ben Strome-
Clover loO, Hryn Mawr 100, Gre
nade lU't, Hequiter Iu5. also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Handicap for all ages; one
BOSS
Betting, Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
7 to 1— Ada Nay. US "ONeill 4 2 1 1 14
* to 1 — I>uke Kendall. 122 (Odorn) 2 3 2 2
7 to 1— The Rhymer 107 (Kirks).. 9 6 3 \
Time. 1:40 3-5. Start bad. Won handil»\
\\ ir.n«rr. J. B. Hasrin's ch. t. by Maxio-Nya
da. Brigand 105 Olympian 124 Leader 118
April Showere 1CS. Janeway 100, Slidell 85,
Ytllowtall H*. also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Pe! '.lag; for thre^-year-olds
and upward; b:x and a half furlongs en Fu
turity course:
Betting. Hors*. Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
T to 1— Van Nt«, 1H7 (O'Xfill). 2 1 1 h
S to 1— A«c«nBion 10S (Hick*)... 5 4 2 l>j
3 3 to 5— King IVpper. J05 (Fuller). 3 3 5 3
Time. 1 :18. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner. W. M. Harrick'f! br. g. by LoyallFt-Ada
I*. Toucan 114, Tain O'Shanter 105, Trinity
Relle 107. E1f!p L 10.1, Demurrer 114 Captl
vator 1C5. Operator 1W. Prince Ching 05 Cin
cinnatu* »S. Interval 103. Hiland 10a also ran
FIXTH RACE — The Russet handicap: for
thrf-e-yfar-oMs and upward; 'one and an eighth
miles on turf:
Betting. Horse, TiVIght. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
7 to 2 — Oauphnawaga, 110 (Burns) 3 3 1 >i
11 to f. — His Eminent* 105 <Hlgn*) 12 2 4
d to 1— Sheriff Bell. SK> <Callahan> 4 13 3
Time. 2:S5. Start good. Won driving
Winner. J. Sanford's ch. <x by CIIfXord-La
Totca. Shorthose 105. also ran.
Sixth race — Injunction, Gay Boy,
Payne.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY ENTRIES.
KKW TOBK, Sept. 11.— Sh«*pshead Bay *n
trtf«:
First ra^e. TTr-stbury «-teeplecha*e. full
courts — Zlnribar lf,7. Land of Clover 163 Lav
ator 170, Arian 145. Tankard 14*. Judge" Phil
lips U2. Valdez 152, Borough 143. Daryl 133.
Second race, six furlongs on main track.
fciph weight handicap — Molly Brant 123, Par-
Irtmro 120. Had Newi 118. Wealth 116 Ma
mie Worth 115. Futurita J14. Canajoharle 112.
Forward 106. Adi of 105 Race Kinir 103 Em
t.&rruesment KG. Illyria 102. Captlvator 102,
MSIadl Love 100, Eiserta. 97, Capsvills 05 St.
Gallen 02. Judge Fulton 00. Miss Mflton 90.
Third raw. fIx furlongs of Futurity courts,
*75O0. Great Eastern — Ortho-icx 110 Moharib
116. Conjurer lift. Lady Amelia 114. Topic lOtt
Oreencrwt 1OS. Palm Beartr 120 Pulsus 123
Ocean Tide US, Bot>a<ill 114 'WoT.an 110 Mon
tana King IOC.
Fourth race. th« |23,000 Annual Champion.
two and a quarter mile*— Major Daingerfield
127. lgr.!ter 119. Douro 116. Moon Daisy 116
Itivor Pirate 107. Charles Elwood 112 '
Firth race, five and a half furlong* of Futu
rity course, ptlllnir. two-year-olds — Vaeary 107
Siowt 10K. nu*sell gag-e 102 Cherfjy? ]0O Flor-
Isel 03. Extraiaw 104. Oriel 10!» Silver Days
119. Yellow Hammer, 107. Th" Bowery 107
Tunny Side 104. Montpeller ,102 Ruby Ring
V'.i. Cantaloupe 100. .Agnes Brennan 102 Filex
l<il. GoldPpink 1)7. Lida Lelb 103 Ean" Remo
»7. Oold Tip 97, To San 03. "
Sixth rac«. one and a sixteenth miles on
turf. han<3icar>— Injunction. 11*5 Gav Boy 11*'
Molly Brant 109. Knight of Rhodes 102 Stampl
ir-.S Ground 102 Wild Thyme 102 Rostand 10"
ftroller 100. Payne 100. April Show«>r Itf'
Baron Pepper 02. Colon^ay &0. Daly 98 Sentry
US. Flara W. Lord Advocate S6.
Weather cKar; track fast.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY SELECTIONS.
By New York Morning Telegraph.
First race—Land of Clover, Lav
aior, Tankard.
Second race — Race King-, Paiis
ienne, Mamie "Worth.
Third race— PuIeus, Palmbearer,
Wotan.
Fourth race — Douro, Charles El
wood, Major Daingerfleld.
Fifth race — Yo San, Agnes Bren
can, Funny Side.
SALINAS, Sept. II. — J. Crechricn, the 19
year-old eon of J. M. Crechrion, n rancher
*ho resides nesr Wateonvillp, was drowned
last evening while bathing In Williamson's
lake. lie' wa« *eiz<>d with cr&mp* and sank
before aid rencbed him.
Seaside Club Is Unable to Put a
Team in the Field at
SANTA CBXTZ CRICKETEBS
CALL MATCH HERE OFF
Cricketers Trill have a day off to-mor
row, so far at least as pennant matches
are concerned. Harold B. Richardson,
captain of the Ban Francisco County
eleven. In reply to a telegram, has re
c-ived a notification that the Santa Crux
Cricket Club finds Itself unable to bring
a team up to Saji Francluco on Sunday to
j)!ay the match set down on the schedule
of th« California Cricket Association.
Several of the cricketers v/Ill no doubt
be present on the Alameda ground and a
practice game between picked sides will
be played. It was thought likely the
Santa Cruz club might find itself unable
to keep its engagement with the San
Francisco club, as threo weeks ago It
save up Us match against the Alameda
eleven, which was to have been played
at Eanta Cruz on August 23. R. H. Cor
bett, one of the best bowlers of the Santa
Cruz club, has taken up his residence In
San Francisco and has joined th« San
Kranclsco County Club.
JIMMY WHALEN WEAKENS.
Lets TJp in the Ninth and Five Buns
Are Scored.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 11. — After San Fran
cisco had batted out a victory off Drinkwater's
offerings they came near losing In the last half
of the ninth. "Whalen, who had held the local
tatters cafe through eight innings, suddenly
lost his puzzling curves and five runs were
scared before he could refrain control. There
was some loose fielding on both sides. Attend
ance. 1200. Score:
Lei Angeles — \ San Francisco—
AB. R. H. P. A. I AB. R. H. P. A.
Hoy, cf. 5 1 2 2 0 Lynch. If 5 1 3 2 0
\Vhe!r.2b 4 2 12 2 Meany.cf 5 3 2 10
Smith. Hb 5 1 4 2 2 Irwln. 3b. 4 2 2 2 1
Spies, lb. 5 1 1 12 2 Leahy, lb 5 1 3 9 0
Cravth.rf 4 112 0 Ze'rfoss.c 4 10 2 0
Ross. If. 4 1 0 2 0 Krug, s. 4 2 2 3 3
Toman, s 5 2 2 1 2 Delxn«,2b 5 0 15 1
Hurlbrt,c 5 0 2 3 0 Llndsy.rf 3 0 13 0
Drkwtr.p 4 0 11 5 Whalen, p 5 110 1
•Corbett. 1000C _
Totals. 40 11 16 27 6
Totals. 42 9 14 27 l.';(
"Corbett batted for Drinkwater In the ninth
inning.
• RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco... 30400111 1 11
Base hits 20501212 2—15
Los Angeles OO2OO1O1 B— 9
Base hits 10212202 4 14
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Hoy, Lyncn. Irwln, Krug. Er
rcrs — Wheeler. Cravath. Hops. Irwln, Delmas.
Home run — Toman. Three-base hit — Smith.
Two-base hits — Smith. Krug, Lynch (2), Ir
wln, Leahy. Spies, Toman. Sacrifice hit Ir
win. First base on errors — San Francisco 2
Los Angeles 2. First base on balls — Off Wha
len. 3; off Drinkwater, 4. Struck out— By
Drinkwater, 2; by Whalen. 3. Left on bases-
Los Angvles 10, San Francisco 9. Double play
— Smith to Spies. Hit by pitcher — Zeartoss.
Wild pitches — Drinkwater 2. Time of game
Two hours and fifteen minutes. Umpire Mc-
Donald.
FOUR BUNS ON 'ONE HIT.
Portlands Bat Out a Victory in a Gale
of Wind.
SACIUUEMO, Sept. II.— Playing ball in
a gale of wind, the Portlands had but little
difficulty In batting out a victory, materially
aided by errors and stupid plays on the part of
the home team. In the eighth Inning the Sena
tors played ball like a lot of schoolboys and
four rum crossed the plate on one hit. Both
K«f« and McFarlao were hit hard, but the
Portland man was accorded the better sup
port. Score :
Sacramento — v Portland —
AB. It. II. P.A. AB. R. IL P.A.
Ca«py,2b 5 2 2 4 4 Blake, rf 4 1 13 0
Hlldbd.lf 4 1 2 0 O VnBrn.cf 4 2 13 0
ML.hn.rl 6 2 2 10 N'deau.If 2 2 2 2 1
Ilagan, a 5 2 2 0 3 Frncis.Sb 4 O 2 2 1
Tner.d.lb 5 0 3 0 2 Hgswth.s 4 12 2 2
Ehhan,3b 4 0 12 1 Elsey, lb 5 2 1 « 0
Doyle, cf 3 0 0 3 0 Raldy,2b 4 0 14 5
Grahm.c 4 12 3 0 Hens, c. 4 1 1 0 2
Keefe, p. 3 0 0 2 3 M'Frln.p 4 2 2 0 1
•Jlogan .1000 0
Totals. 33 11 13 27 12
Totals. 39 8 14 24 131
•Hosan butted for Keefe.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 0 0 1 0 2 3 0 2 — 8
Base hlU 0 10 3 12 4 0 S— 14
Portland 0 0 1 3 O 3 0 4 x — 11
Base hits 1 113 2 4 0 1 x — 13
EUMMART.
Stolen bases — Hildebrand, Blake, Nadeau,
Raidy- Errors— Raidy, Hess, Doyle, Casey,
Hildebrand. Three-base hits— McFarlan .Hil
debrand. Blake. Eagan (2), Elsey. Two-base
hits — Sheehan, Graham, McLaughlln (2),
Townsend. Sacrifice hit — Francis. First base
on errors — Sacramento, 1; Portland, 1. First
base on called balls — Off Keefe, G; Me-
Farlan, 2. L«eft on bases — Sacramento, 6;
Portland. 9. Struck out— By Keefe, 1; by Mc-
Farlan, 2. Hit by pitcher — Nadeau. Double
plays — Hess to Raidy; Eagan to Casey to
Townsend. Wild pitch — Keefe. Time of game
— 2 hours. Umpire — O'ConnelL
Baseball Notes.
Not a man on the Seattle team reached
third base until the ninth inning.
Dr. Mosklman seemed badly In need of
practice. He becan to warm up in the ninth
inning under the ewelterint heat.
gmlth cave one of the worst exhibitions of
how an outfielder should not act ever wit
nessed here. He could not ]ud*e a ball and
though charged with only one error he should
have had about four.
Cooper and Graham will not pitch again
this week. Peter Lohraan Is savins: the left
handers for the Berfea of two ' weeks against
the Anrels. which will open la the southern
city next Tuesday.
Blewett. though a big fellow, does not eeem
to have any ipeed and no curves to epeak of.
He Is the man whom Ned Hanlcn of the
Hrooklyn team offered to Manager Harris at
the beginning of the season.
Lumley and Dolan are both In Seattle at
MAJOR DELMAR NEARLY TIES LOU DILLON'S GREAT RECORD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1903.
9
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will ' close on September 24,
1903, and all holders of Atlas
CriipcnB are requested io pre-
sent thtm immediately, as- this
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates will be
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24.The Board of Works yesterday awarded
the contract for grading the Noe Valley
School lot to the City Street Improvement
Company for ?722. The highest bid was
from the San Francisco Construction
Company, at $1800.
The offer of the City Street Improve
"ment Company to deliver basalt blocks at
the tate of $47 50 per 1000 was accepted.
The resignation of Lillian F. Johnson,
stenographer, was accepted.
Commissioner Casey and City Engineer
Grunsky will leave to-day on a visit of
inspection to the Tuolumne River, whtch
has been recommended by the board as
the best source for a municipal water
eapply for the city.
Board of Public Works Will Have
the Work Done for
$722.
AWARDS CONTRACT FOR
GRADING SCHOOL LOT
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 11.— The com
mittee of nine appointed from the Elks
of this city to investigate the cause of
the wreck of the Elks' excursion .train on
the Northern Pacific Railroad, near Che
halls, August 22, submitted its report to
day. The report says that the engine
pulling the excursion train was not a
first-class engine; that the engineer and
fireman were both extra men, neither of
them ever before having run the engine,
and that the cause of the accident was
low water In the boiler. The officials in
charge of the Northern Pacific Railroad
the day of the disaster are severely con
demned. The report closes by expressing
"regret that Brother A. D. Charlton.
assistant general passenger agent of the
Northern Pacific Railroad, was not in the
city the day <Jf the acccldent. We are
convinced that had he been In Portland or
anywhere upon the main line of the road
conditions after the accident would have
been different and much suffering and
anguish of mind would have been saved
to all concerned."
ELKS FILE A REPORT
ON RAILROAD WRECK
SAN RAFAEL. Sept. ll.-The North
Shore Railroad Company has been grant
ed permission to fence In Its track run
rinB on Second street. Several months
ago the Board of City Trustees wan asked
by the company to grant it permission to
fence In the road, and the »"eauest met
with strong opposition from property own
eYs on Second street. The matter was
pos turned until to-nlcht when the City
Trustees p.ramed th« petition of the cora-
I any in th« face of all oppos'tlon. One
member of the board did not vote. The
company will at once commence building
the fence and in a very short time w:il be
operating its electric line into San Kafat».
NORTH SHORE COMPANY
TO FENCE IN ITS TRACK
Sheehan saw two men walking away
from the vicinty. One went down Fourth
street and the other along Mission street.
Sheehan followed the Mission street one
and overtook him. He was placed under
arrest and gave the name of Joseph San
try. When searched $44 was found In
his pockets. Santry was taken to the
City Prison and locked up In "the tanks"
till the police made a search for the
other man. Leonard thinks that Santry
and another man were drinking with him
and took him out of some saloon.
Daniel Leonard, a rancher temporarily
living at 122 Francisco street, was out
seeing the sights on Wednesday night
and fell asleep on the front step3 of 2S0
Minna street. About 3 o'clock yesterday
morning Policeman W. F. Sheehan was
notified that two men were robbing an
other man at that number. Sheehan
went there and found Leonard asleep.
The officer woke Leonard up, and he said
he had been robbed of {23 and a gold
vatch and chain.
the Sights and Gets That
Tired Feeling.
Daniel Leonard, a Rancher, Sees
POCKETS RIFLED WHILE
ASLEEP ON DOORSTEP
POLICE OF POKTLAND
MAKE A GOOD CAPTURE
Arrest Suspect, Who Proves to Be a
Daring Highwayman and •
Firehug.
PORTLAND, 'Or., Sept. ll.-Edward Or
pin has confessed to Chief of Police Hunt
that since last April he has committed
hig-hway robbery seven times and has set
fire to at least as many buildings. His
action In setting fire to different buildings
has been the result of drunken revels, so
he says. He had no other motive than a
drunken desire to see the buildings burn.
Dissatisfaction over the amount of
booty secured from F. C. Fletcher, one of
his victims, led to his arrest. He got but
a dime from Fletcher, and several days
later was heard declaiming bitterly
against men who walk the streets with
no larger sums than 10 cents In their
pockets. His talk aroused the suspicion
of one of his supposed friends, who noti
fied the police.
COPENHAGEN, Sept. li.— A corre
spondent learns from a reliable source,
well Informed In regard to Russian af
fairs, that Count Lamsdorff's resignation
as Minister of Foreign Affairs Is expected
before long and that he will be succeeded
by M. D. Lsvolsky, now Russian Min
ister here.
M. D. Lsvolsky was recently trans
ferred here from the Russian mission at
Tokio. His intimate knowledge of Asiatic
affairs, it is believed, is chiefly responsi
ble for his selection to succeed Count
Lamsdorff.
COUNT LAMSDORFF WILL
RETIRE FROM CABINET
Late Shipping Intelligence.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Sept 11— Stmr Lu
cania. from New York, for Liverpool, and
proceeded.
- LIVERPOOL-- Sailed Sept 11— Stmr Cymric,
for . New York: stmr Devonian, for Boston;
stmr Victorian, for New York.
Representatives of the creditors of the
insolvent Pacific Coast Warehouse Com
pany met In Judge Kerrigan's court
rooms yesterday and, by general consent
of all parties in interest, Henry Wads 7
worth was chosen assignee of the Insol
vent debtor. His bonds were fixed at $50,
000. -. ¦ '. .
Appoint Assignee.
Dr. R. W. Craig of Phoenix is at the
Palace.
F. C. Lusk, an attorney of Chlco, Is at
the Palace.
Dr. E. B. Perrln of Arizona is at the
California.
W. H. Grlnnell, a mining man of For
est Hill, is at the Lick.
J. W. Raphael, the well known clothier,
has returned from a visit to the East.
John SI. Fulton, a railroad man of
Reno, Nev., Is staying at the Occidental.
T. Evans and Scott White, mining men
of Cananea, Mex., are registered at the
Palace.
F. K. Rule, the well-known Southern
California railroad man, arrived from L03
Angeles yesterday and is registered at
the Palace.
Dr. Charles Ferrand of La Crosse, Wis.,
is visiting the city and is the guest of
his uncle, Edward Fay. He Is accom
panied by his son, Roy Ferrand.
W. D. Crow, editor of the Yreka News,
is at the Grand. Mr. Crow Is a promi
nent mining man and Democratic politi
cian. He and his family are spending
their vacation in San Francisco.
Miss Alice Skae, daughter of the late
John Skae, who made and lost several
fortunes during the height of the old
Comstock boom and finally died penni
less, is a guest at the Palace. During his
successful mining speculations Skae
turned over to his wife several hundred
thousand dollars in securities and prop
erty, which the widow bequeathed to her
daughter when she died a few months
ago. Miss Skae is here from, the East to
settle up her mother's estate.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Sept. 11.— The following
Californians have arrived at the hotels in
New York: San Francisco — J. Neuscheler
at the Criterion; R. G. Price at the Broad
way Central; H. W. Thomas and wife at
the Manhattan; M. L. Requa and wife
at the Netherland; A. T. Bogart. Mrs. A.
W. Bogart at the Herald Square; S. G.
Salch at the Hotel Navarre; J. F. Schorr
and wife at the Gllsey House.
San Jose— S. B. Bogart at the Herald
Square; E. Morgan, Miss S. Morgan at
the Continental.
Los Angeles— A. Hardenberg at the
Grand Union; L. W. Mangan at the St.
Denis; F. W. Phelps and wife at the
Marlborough. ,
Santa Barbara— H. J. Hinskany at the
Holland House.
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 11.— The follow
ing Callfornlans have arrived at the ho
tels: Arlington— Louis . Gunderflnger and
wife, Walter D. Gunderfinger, Freano.
Money Stolen From Trunk.
Robert J. Tuttle reported at police head
quarters yesterday that while he and his
wife were at the theater on Wednesday
night the door of his room In the Lang
ham Hotel was opened by a false key.
The lock of his trunk was forced open
and $25 stolen- Nothing else was taken
from the room. He did not discover his
loss till he went to the trunk yesterday
morning to get some money. Detectives
Dinan and Wren were detailed on the
case. "' ;-:,¦•
Gold Medal for Luther Burbank.
( SACRAMENTO, Sept. lL— As an appre
ciation of. the vast benefit conferred on the
horticultural interests of the State of Cal
ifornia by the scientific handiwork and
successful experiments of Luther Bur
bank, the eminent horticulturist, the gold
medal of the State Agricultural Society
has been bestowed upon' Mr. Burbank,
with expressions of the highest praise and
appreciation by the directors of the asso
ciation. It is probable that the Burbank
exhibit will be forwarded to the Louisiana
• Purchase Exposition at St. Louis.
SALT LAKE, Sept. 11.— The annual
meeting of the International Association
of Railway Ticket Agents met here to-day
and elected the following officers:
President. W. F. Hambrifht. Lancaster. Pa.;
secretary. C. C. Cadwallader, Philadelphia;
treasurer, Ellwood Ramsay. Philadelphia.
Nearly 200 delegates were present when
the meeting was called to order in the
assembly hall in the temple grounds, rep
resenting- every important railway system
of the United States, Canada and Mex
ico. Welcoming speeches were made by
Governor Wells, Apostle John Henry
Smith and Secretary Fisher Harris of the
Commercial Club. After the transaction
of a little routine business the election of
officers was taken up. Next year's meet
ing place will be settled at to-morrow's
meeting. The delegates will leave "here
Sunday afternoon for Portland and the
Puget Sound cities.
RAILWAY TICKET AGENTS
HOLD ANNTJAX CONVENTION
BAKERSFIELD, Sept. 11.— There are
more than thirty non-union men at work
in the mines at Randsburg and with this
force the companies whose men are on
strike are making an effort to operate.
The Yellow Aster has given notice that
all former employes desiring to work at
the mines must file their applications im
mediately and each case will be given
Individual consideration. Sheriff Kelly is
still at the camp and will probably re
main for about two weeks In any event,
and longer if the situation demands.
SAN BERNARDINO, Sept. 11.—Twenty
seven non-union miners looking for a
place to work arrived in Mojave this
morning on their way to the Randsburg
mines. It is Bald that they have been
captured by Randsburg miners who are
now on strike. A carload ,of miners
from Joplln, Mo., also arrived on their
way to Randsburg. There were thirty
one men in the car and the union claims
to have captured twenty-three of them.
of Former Employes Individ
ual Consideration.
Yellow Aster Will Give Applications
NON-UNION MEN AT WORK
IN MINES AT RANDSBURG
LABORERS FIGHT BATTLE
IN DEPTHS OF MINE
Heinze Employes Turn Stream of
Compressed Air and Lime
Upon Opponents.
BTJTTE, Mont.. Sept. 11.— Xearly 2000
feet underground a force of about thirty
men from the Rarus mine, a Heinze prop
erty, and a force from the Pennsylvania,
an Amalgamated Copper property, had a
battle to-day In a portion of ground the
ownership of which is now In dispute in
the courts.
Rocks and loose dirt were flying when
the Rarua men secured a sack of lime,
and directing a stream of compressed air
from a hose through the mass. . hurled
the fine lime and gas among the Amal
gamated men. Several of them becajna
unconscious and had to be dragged away
by their comrades.- Their condition la
critical.
CHARGES AGAINST COUNTY
ASSESSOR ARE WITHDRAWN
Controversy Over Collection of Per
sonal Property Taxes in San
Diego Is Amicably Settled.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 11.— The controversy
existing between the District Attorney
and County Assessor Rush, as the result
of the charge that the latter had de
frauded the county out of $3702 35 in the
collection of personal property taxes, was
ended to-day by a resolution of the Board
of Supervisors accepting a payment by
the Assessor of $500 in full of any and all
demands growing out of the matters
charged or which might arise therefrom.
The Assessor, in the settlement, agrees
that he will not collect such taxes when
there Is, In his opinion, sufficient real
estate owned by such persons to secure
the payment of the personal tax. .
The bone of contention was the Asses
sor's right to make such collections,
rather thari to permit them to be pro
posed and made by the Tax Collector,
thus involving escape from school taxes.
All charges in the complaint of improper
motives are withdrawn and the action Is
dismissed.
CHANNELS OF THE YUKON
ABE FILLING 'WITH SAN35
River Steamers Are Now Forced to
Make a Long and Circuit-
ous Journey.
TACOMA, S*ept. 11.— Dawson advices
state that the channels at the mouth ot
the Yukon River have changed so that
steamers are forced to take a new course.
200 miles out of the present route followed
in crossing the delta, to reach St.
Michael. The change In the channel has
taken place at the forks of the river near
old Kwlklok and Kwikpak, passes. Kwik
lok Pass, or the right channel, which al
ways has been used. Is filling with sand
and such difficulty has been experienced
that steamers are forced out of their
course. Captain Blair of the lower river
steamer Lavelle Young reports that his
boat was forced to take' Kwikpak Pasa
and thus make a circuitous journey of
200 miles. •* ¦„ ;-it
DENIES ALLEGATIONS
MADE BY HER HUSBAND
Mrs. Cora B. Smith Files an Answer
and Asks That Divorce Be
Granted Her.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 11-Another chapter
was added to the troubles of James S.
Smith and Cora B. Smith to-day by the
filing of an answer and cross-complaint to
the divorce suit by Mrs. Smith. Smith,
fearing his wife was about to leave him,
recently applied to the court to restrain
her from disposing of the California lodg
ing house on West Santa Clara street.
Later he sued her for divorce, naming
one Lucas as co-respondent. Mrs. Smith
in her answer states that she married
Smith on November 22, 1SS8. She declares
the lodging house property is hers, her
husband having given It to her. She says
her husband has upwards of $12,000 worth
of property in Wisconsin, which she
claims is community property, and wants
half of it. She asks a divorce on the
ground of cruelty and denies the allega
tions made in her husband's complaint.
TUG VIGILANT STRIKES
ROCK NEAR FOX ISLAND
One of the Crew Is Scalded
to Death.
Steam Pipes Afterward Burst and
TACOMA. Sept. 11.— Skagway advices
contain the news that the steam tug
Vigilant, belonging to the Kasaan Bay
Gold Mining Company, owning extensive
mines In Southwestern Alaska, struck a.
submerged rock near Fox Island a few
days ago and was badly damaged. The
steamer struck the rock with sufficient
force to cause the steam pipes to burst.
One man whose name Is unknown was
scalded to death and George Ellison, an
employe of the Kasaan Mining Company,
was seriously if not fatally burned. Med
ical 3id was summoned from Wrangel
and Ellison was placed in the hospital
there.
FRAU WAGNER'S DEMAND
GRANTED BY THE KAISER
German Emperor Persuaded by the
Countess von 3ulow to Make
Concessions.
BERLIN, Sept. 11.— Countess von Bu
low has induced Emperor William to
bring ahout peace between the Wagners
and the Wagner monument committee.
She represented to the Emperor that the
absence of the Wagners would really de
tract from the -Interest in the commemo
ration exercises. Frau Wagner only in
sisted on, one change of the programme
and that was the theoretical discussion of
music such as the congress was to en
gage In, which was opposed to the mas
ter's Ideas as expressed In all his writ
ings, and the Countess begged the Em
peror to make this concession, which he
did. Therefore Frau Wagner and all the
other members of the Wagner family will
attend the unveiling of the Wagner monu
ment October 1.
North Wind Damages Prune Crop.
WOODLAND, Sept. 11.— A north wind,
even stronger than the disastrous wind of
last July, has prevailed here since Thurs
day at midnight. Much damage was done
to prunes, half of which crop was shaken
from the trees. Other fruits have been
harvested. Raisins In process of drying
were damaged slightly by dust and will
have to be dipped again. The telephone
wires throughout the county are pros
trated.
COATES AND OSRORNE
CONVICTED OF CRIME
Two Philippine Officials Are Found
Guilty of Misappropriating
Government Funds.
MANILA. P. I.. Sept. 11.— Customs In
spector Thomas P. Ccates and Lieutenant
Osborne. constabulary supply officer, both
stationed at San Fernando, who were
arrested recently on the charge of mis
appropriating Government funds, have
been tried and convicted of the crime.
Lieutenant Osborne has been ' sentenced
to ten years' and Inspector Coates to
eight years' imprisonment.
Dean Tompklns, treasurer of the prov
ince of La Union, has also been con
victed of forgery, but sentence has been
reserved. The minimum penalty for the
crime is imDrtsonment for twelve years.
PERSONAL MENTION.
| TACOMA, Wash.. Sept. 11.— The Hall
! theatrical stock company disbanded at
! Dawson last week, after giving the Klon
; dike the best dramatic entertainments
] seen there. The severe drought and the
j ensuing exodus of. miners made business
I light and It was decided best not to con-
S tinue so expensive an organization. Mrs.
j Hall, manager of the company, turned the
! closing performances into a benefit for the
; players and packed houses resulted, the
: bill including scenes from "Camllle," "The
j Christian" and "A Bachelor's Romance."
i Mrs. Condon, leading woman of the com
| pany, returns to her home In San Fran
j clsco, as do also Mr. McDonald, Mr. Fan
i ning. Miss Gale and Miss Jocelyn. Messrs.
| Clarke and Morgan return to New York.
! Miss Chandon and Mrs. Hall, who are sis
', ters, will remain in Dawson, where Mrs.
i Hall owns the Auditorium Theater and
other property. Messrs. Montgomery, Mo
: ran, Bittner and Thorn also remain there.
' At a large expense Mrs. Hall attempted to
; give Dawson good, wholesome drama, but
it paid only three weeks..
DAWSONITES DID NOT
APPRECIATE THE DRAMA
Thompson started with his charges
down the elevator, but at the floor be
low he met a friend and stepped out of
the cage for a moment. The elevator
tr.an, not understanding that the Chinese
tvrre in custody, immediately proceeded
to the ground floor and before he was
n via re of his mistake the Monogolians
had left the elevator and made their
escape from the building. It was several
seconds before Thompson realized that
the elevate r had left him behind and then
it was too late for him to overhaul his
men. An attempt to find the Chinese last
night proved unsuccessful.
Two Chinese fishermen, who returned
from the northern canneries yesterday on
the ship Electric, are. being eagerly
nought by the customs officers, front whom
they escaped yesterday afternoon. When
they arrived In port the Chinese were sub
jected to an examination by the repre
sentatives of the Chinese Bureau. Find-
Ing some discrepancies In their papers.
Inspector W. 1Z. Thompson of the bureau
took them to the Appraiser's building for
a further examination. It was there de
cided to detain them pending a more thor
ough investigation and following the
usual practice the men were remanded to
the Countv Jail.
Are Lowered to Floor and
Quickly Flee.
Left Unguarded in Elevator, They
TWO CUNNING CHINESE
ESCAPE FROM CUSTODY
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 11.— Dr. John P.
Frizzell is organizing an expedition here
to bring back to this city the body of a
mastodon which he firmly believes exists
upon Unlmak Island, off the western
coast of Alaska. While in San Francisco
recently; he stated that while em
ployed as United States surgeon on that
island on July 4, 1903, he saw tracks
which were twenty inches long by nine
teen and a half wide, followed them for
two miles inland, and traced the course
of the monster into a cave that makes
Into the side- of a smoldering volcano.
Dr. Frizzell was accompanied by James
Nugent, James Geary and S. F. Smith,
sailors from the Nellie Coleman, a San
Francisco ship. These sailors corroborate
Dr. Frizzell's statements, and all of the
party agree regarding the evidences of the
presence there of an animal the like of
which has never been known to natural
ists as living In modern times. So tangi
ble are these evidences that prominent
citizens of Portland propose to back Dr.
Frizzell in an expedition to hunt and kill
the mastodon.
Expedition to Hunt and Kill
the Mammoth.
Propose to Back Dr. Frizzell in an
CITIZENS OF PORTLAND
CREDIT MASTODON STORY
Sibley has been active In all the affairs
of the university since entering it and
has shared largely In its honors. The last
year of his college career he was editor
of the Journal of Technology: at the
commencement exercises he was one of
the three student speakers in the Hearst
amphitheater when President Roosevelt
spoke, and for proficiency in the drill he
was chosen colonel of the cadet regiment.
He Is a member of the Young Men's
Christian Association and the Delta Up
sllon fraternity.
This -was the announcement made, by a
well dressed man who walked into the
Stephen Merritt Burial Company's office
on Eighth avenue this morning and Iden
thied himself as the man in whose name
another had committed suicide by taking
carbolic acid in the Broadway Central
Hotel last Wednesday. The dead • man
had registered as James E. . Sharp, San
Francisco. He was apparently a well to
do business man and had $200 In his pock
ets. He left a note which read: "Fall
ing health, suicide. Nemo."
The body was taken to the burial com
pany's parlors to await instructions from
California. Nothing came and no one ap
pears to claim the body. He was shown
the body and after gazing upon it for
some minutes turned away, coolly remark
ing: "I think I look quite natural. Thank
you."
NEW YORK, Sept. 11.— "I am James
E. Sharp of San Francisco. I understand
you have ray dead body here. If it isn't
too much trouble I would like to view It.
I am quite curious to know how I look
when dead."
James E. Sharp of San Francisco
Throws No Light Upon Iden
tity of Suicide.
VIEWS BODY OF MAN
WHO "USED HIS NAME
• T-^v ERKELET, Sept. 11.— Robert Slb-
L2£ ley, who was graduated with the
\/j\ class of 1903 of the University of
California, has accepted a call to
the head of the department of
civil engineering at the University of
Montana and will go at once to assume
the duties of his new position. The an
nouncement of this appointment was
made at the university meeting to-day by
President Wheeler and it was received
with cheers by Slbley's fellow students.
His heaviest creditor is Caroline Colton
Martin, administratrix of the estate of
Henry Maclean Martin, deceased, for
money borrowed in- 1SS0 and for -which
several judgments have been obtained
since then in the Superior Court. They
amount to the sum of $113,433. including
accrued interest. The next largest credi
tor Is Henry Graves of New York, foi»
$10,000 for money borrowed in 1S99. The
next largest obligation is a debt of $143-*.
owed to W. P. Wilder of this city, and
consists of a judgment on a promissory
note. The 51272 of indebtedness' remain-
Ing is made up of small sums.
Mr. Graves was a prominent operates
In Gould & Curry stocks at the time the
largest obligation was incurred. The rap
id decadence in value of the Comstocl*
properties swept away all hla fortune.
He has no assets.
Robert X. Graves, a well-known min
ing man and broker, filed a petition in
Insolvency yesterday In the United States
District Court. His total liabilities ar«
$132,213, the greater portion of which was
contracted twenty-three years ago.
trict Court.
Robert N. Graves of Comstock Celeb
rity Files a Petition in Dis-
PROMINENT MINING MAN
GOES INTO BANKRUPTCY
Fire yesterday afternoon destroyed the
San Bruno House at San Bruno, entailing
a loss of about $5000 on the building and
contents. The blaze was discovered short
ly after 4 o'clock on the roof of the build
in?, but owing to the lack of water fa
cilities and the fact that the fire had
gained considerable headway, all at
tempts to chock the flames proved inef
fectual and the structure and outhouses
were burned to the ground.
Passengers on the electric car which
left San Mateo at 4 o'clock noticed the
lire on the roof as the car passed San
Bruno and at that time no one around the
place seemed to be cognizant of the fact.
Owing to the speed of the car passing
the station there was no chance to give
the alarm. Some time afterward the dis
covery was made that the roof was in
flames, but it was then too late to save
anything of value, as the fire ppread with
great rapidity. The barn and outhouses
wore also soon ablaze and in less than an
hour nothing remained but a pile of smok
ing ruins. Owing to the proximity of the
burning buildings to the railroad station
it was feared for a time that that struc
ture was also doomed to destruction.
The San Bruno Hcuse was owned and
conducted by Andy McSweeney as a road
house and was one of the most popular
resorts on the road to San Mateo.
Owing to Lack of Water, Popular
Resort and Outhouses Are
Totally Destroyed.
E.OADHOTJSE AT SAN BRUNO
IS BURNED TO THE GROUND
The taking of the testimony in the case
of Victor Walkirez. charged with the
murder of Elizabeth Leroy. was finished
this evening, and the arguments befora
the jury will begin in the morning. Tes
timony put on in rebuttal to-day by the
prosecution was strongly against the in
sanity theory of the defense. Drs. O. D.
Hamlin. J. W. Robinson and J. T. Kltch-
Ings. experts on insanity cases, have been
observing the accused since the begin
ning of hla trial and said that in their
opinion he was sane and, in answer to a
hypothetical question, stated that they
believed him to have been sane on May
4. the day the murder was committed.
Dr. Kitchlngs was asked by the defensa
how he arrived at his conclusions. This
opened the door for him to give his ob
servations and reasoning. He stated that
he had been observing the accused; that
when his companion, Anna Ross, was on
the stand he had particularly noticed
Walkirez. His actions and glances to-«'
ward his attorneys, at times contradict
ing her statements of events which oc
curred at a time when It is pleaded ha
was insane, the doctor stated convinced
him that the prisoner recollected the oc
currences of that night, and which the
doctor believed he would not have done
had he been acting under temporary ab
erration.
Dr. Kitchlngs' answer took even a
wider range, and he attacked the fact of
epilepsy, from which Walkirez Is said to
be suffering, and stated that the fita
Walkirez had might have been merely
paroxysms without Indicating insanity.
Prior to the doctors being put on the
stand the defense had put on Jailer Har
ry Clark and several prisoners who saw
several fits Walkirez had when first
placed In jail.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway. Sept. 11.
Failures this week were 172 in the
United States against 205 last year, and 19
in Canada, compared with 22 a year ago.
On September 1 for the first time this
year furnace stocks of pig iron exceed a
week's capacity of the furnaces In blast.
Notwithstanding heavy receipts of cat
tle packers are asking fractionally higher
figures for hides.
The salmon pack on the Pacific Coast
will be a short one and higher prices are
looked for.
Railway earnings con-tinue good, the in
creases for August being fully 8 per cent
over the best previous year. Collections
show a slight improvement, the result
probably of crops leaving to market.
Wheat, including flour, exports for the
week ending September 10, aggregate
3,445,900 bushels against 3,131,839 last week,
5,444,143 this week last year, 6,648,609 in
1901 and 4,665,982 in 1900.
Business failures in the United States
for the week ending September 10 number
165 against 162 last week. 197 in the like
week of 1902, 182 in 1901, 187 in 1900 and 149
In 1S99.
In Canada failures for this week num
ber 12 against IS last year and IS in the
same week one year ago.
R. G. Dun & Co.'s weekly review of
trade to-morrow will say:
There is much activity in all classes of
business. An encouraging symptom is the
decreased complaint regarding collections,
accompanied by more discounting of
bills. Weather conditions have been fa
vorable for retail trade, distribution of
merchandise expanding, while there are
frequent reports of larger jobbing fall
business than last year. Some caution in
selecting goods owing to high prices is re
ported at the West, but this is chiefly
confined to textiles. Labor disputes de
crease, all but one of the unions having
signed the agreement In the local build
ing trades and several other settlements
having been effected through concessions
on both sides. Railway earnings in Aug
ust were 9.1 per cent larger than last
year and 15.4 per cent greater than in
1901. Owing to the lateness of the crop
there is little complaint of traffic conges
tion.
NEW YORK, Sept. 11.— Bradstreefs to
morrow will say: Trade conditions are
still uneven, but the general drift is to
ward improvement. A more assured feel
ing as to the corn crop outturn is mani
fest, conditions in most States having
Improved since September 1. State fairs
and low rate excursions have stimulated
Western distribution, while good pros
pects for corn, cotton, rice and sugar in
the South have made things cheerful In
that section. The lumber market shows
oontrast In the different sections. In the
West lumber and building material of ail
kinds Is active and firm, but at the East
the resumption of building operations
about strike-Infested cities has not been
sufficient to keep the markets strong.
The iron trade is rather pessimistic,
buyers persisting in holding off, but the
declines in Northern and Western Jron re
ported this week are largely sympathetic,
the result of the reported additional -cuts
in the Southern product.
He suggested that perhaps the United
States would decide to police these isl
ands herself and that perhaps this coun
try could do It as well as his own.
LONDON, Sept. 11.— With reference to
the representations made to Washington
by the British Charge d'Affaires, Mr. Ra
rikes, regarding the seizure of two or
three islands off the northeast coast of
British North Borneo by the United
States gunboat Quiros, a Foreign Offlco
official said to-day:
"The case seems quite simple. The
Amercians seized the islands, which they
claim were Spanish. We believe them to
be British. 'Protest' Is a very strong
word to use in connection with our com
ments upon the subject."
NEWPORT. R. L, Sept. 11.— The British
Charge d'Affaires, Mr. Raikes, when seen
here to-day, expressed the opinion that
the incident growing out of the Beizure of
the islands off the coast of British North
Borneo by the United States gunboat
Quiros was of minor importance and one
that would be amicably settled. He stated
that he was not in a position to divulge
the exact nature of the representations
made to the Washington Government, as
the affair was a matter of state.
As ho understood the question it con
cerned a couple of small islands off the
coast of Borneo which had been made a
resort by pirate*. For the protection of
its commerce. Great Britain had driven
off these robbers of the sea and then po
liced the islands against their reoccupa
tlon by the outlaws. Mr. Raikes could not
say that the islands were even inhabited,
and so far as he knew they were not
likely to be a source of profit to any one.
Before Spain had relinquished control of
her possessions in that quarter of the
world to the United States that country
had offered no objection to the occupation
of thete islands by Great Britain, and his
country had only done as she had to pro
tect her commerce.
WASHINGTON'. Sept. 11.— The appoint
ment of an American-British boundary
commission to determine the boundary
lines off the coast of Borneo separating
the possessions In those waters of the
Islands belonging to the two countries
may bo the eventual solution of the in
quiry which the British Government has
addressed to the State Department as to
the sovereignty over certain of these
islands.
The communication received from the
British Charge d' Affaires regarding the
control to be exercised over these Islands,
which have frequently been a resort for
pirates. Is still under consideration at the
State Department, and Acting Secretary
Adee will consult with the Secretary of
the Navy before replying. So far as can
be learned there is nothing In the con
troversy over these islands which will
call for arbitration. <
The injured men were removed to the
City and County Hospital, where It was
fourd that Rcssi had sustained a fracture
of the skull, a fracture of the right arm
and Internal Injuries. He has a fighting
chanoe for life. Rasso's Injuries consist
of a badly wrenched back and possibly
Internal injuries.
The engineer, Edwin Bunnell, was ar
rested and locked up at the City Prison.
It is said the gateman at the crossing
failed to drop the gate on the approach of
the locomotive.
A Southern Pacific freight engine col
lided with a vegetable wagon at the cross
ing of Mission street, between Twenty
third and Twenty-fourth streets, at 1:30
this morning. Antonio Rossi, the owner
ot the wagon, who was driving, was
probably fatally Injured; Vlttorlo Rasso,
his helper, was seriously Injured, one of
the horses was killed, and the wagon de
molished.
We have met here for the purpose of con
demning the action of four ot our five City
Trustees. One week ago I could not be Induced
to believe that four men elected by the peopln
of A lame la to serve them would submit to sum
bulldozing tactics as have been employed by
the Southern Pacific in the matter of the fran
chises. I am appalled and I feel that the citi
zens of this city have been humiliated by their
servants. But I tell you, gentlemen, that
there are men in this city who will not be bull
dozed: who will stand for their rights, and. if
needs be, who will fight for their rights.
Dr. W. H. Robinson, another speaker,
said:
We may not understand our City Trustees.
I don't see why they should give these valuable
franchises away. I did not believe that the
City Trustees would offer these privileges to
the Southern Pacific for nothing. Xo sensible
man believes that the company intends to tear
up any of its tracks here. Mr. Kruttschnltt is
no fool. He understands his business or he
would not be where he Is. . I do not think that
the injunction proceedings we have begun will
prove effective. I cannot satisfy myself that
the City Trustees will grant these franchises
for fifty years. Under the circumstances I feel
that it is more honorable to make a straight
stand-up American flght and get licked than to
lie down.
Other speakers were Jacob Hoeck, Ben
J. Smith and E. H. Lancel.
Resolutions denouncing the attitude of
the City Trustees with respect to the lo
cal referendum ordinance were introduced
by F. W. Voogt and unanimously passed.
They were as follows:
Resolved, That the Board of Trustees of
the city of Alameda Is directly responsible tor
continuing the ceaseless agitation on this sub
ject by refusing to grant the petition applied
for; and be It further
Resolved. That we, citizens of Alameda. In
mass meeting assembled, do hereby Indelibly
set our stamp of Intense disapproval and un
qualified condemnation ' upon Alameda's Board
of City Trustee*, and we unhesitatingly charge
that no self-respecting body of public men,
acting in the Interests of the whole people,
would dare to assume their present position
and effrontery: and be It further
Resolved. That this meeting Is more than
ever convinced of the crying and unavoidable
necessity of the referendum method of set
tling and disposing of this matter of public
interest; and be it further
Resolved, That none of the censure herein
contained is Intended for Joseph V. Forderer.
chairman of the City Trustees, he having con
sistently and persistently stood or the law
and the referendum at all times.
Henry Rosenthal, president of the Board
of Trade, was chairman of the meeting,
which was attended x>y about seventy
five citizens, comprising- members of the
Board of Trade, of the local Social Demo
cratic party and others. After calling the
assemblage to order the chairman Bald:
ALAMEDA, Sept. 11.— "Let us find out
the price of tar; let us find o'nt the price
of feathers; let us find out the price of
rope. Give these City Trustees the tar;
give them the feathers, and then, if they
do not come to time and save the city
from the Southern Pacific monopoly, give
them the rope."
Such was the course advised by C. 11.
Bassett In an impassioned address deliv
ered at a meeting of the Board of Trade
held to-night for the purpose of discuss
ing the matter of the two local railroad
franchises. Bassett's words were re
ceived with applause by many of those
present, but later In the meeting F. W.
Voogt said that he believed the remarks
were not temperate and were made in a
moment of excitement.
American - British Commis
sion May Have Some
Work to Do.
Accident Occurs at Crossing
on Mission Street, Near
Twenty- fourth.
Board of Trade Protests at
Threatened Granting
> of Franchises.
t - •
Pacific Coast Salmon Pack
Will Be Short and
Prices High.
Experts on Insanity Tak3
Stand and Say That Negro
Is Sane.
Ownership of Posses
sions Off Borneo Is
in Doubt.
Building Operations in
the East Resumed
Slowly.
Fiery Alamedan Lets His
Anger Override His
Judgment.
A. Rossi Fatally and V.
Rasso Seriously
Irjured.
ISLANDS NEED
BOUNDARY LINE
Arguments in Walkirez
Trial Begin in the
Morning.
SWITCH EHE
WRECKS WAGON
CROP OUTLOOK
IMPROVES TRADE
ADVISES ROPE
FOR TRUSTEES
TESTIMOMY NOW
BEFORE THE JURY
MONTANA CALLS SIBLEY
TO UNIVERSITY CHAIR
Clever Berkeley Student Wins New Laurels and
Will Soon Take Charge of the Department of
. Civil Engineering at His Future Post of Duty
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1903.
GRADUATE OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, "WHO HAS AC
CEPTED AN APPOINTMENT AS HEAD OF THE DEPARTMENT OF
CIVIL ENGINEERING IN THE UNIVERSITY OF MONTANA.
OAKLAND, Sept. 11.— The following
marriage . licenses were issued . by the
County Clerk to-day: Mathias Hugo.' 28,
and Margaret O'Toole," 23, both of Berke
ley: John T. Marion, 33. Fruitvale, and
Samantha Darneille, 18, Oak>-a/
Marriage Licenses.
"Well, some newspapers may be trying
I to kill me off, but nevertheless I am still
j attending to business every day, although
f It is true I have not entirely recovered
1 my normal condition."
CLEVELAND, Sept. U.-Senator Hanna
referring to the sensational reports sent
cut to the effect that he had suffered a
relapse and that his condition was worse
than at any time since he was taken
ill. to-day said:
Senator Hanna in Fair Health.
Fire in Barber Shop.
A fire broke out in A. Gularte's barber
t-hop. at 410*2 Powell street, a little after
1 o'clock this mornln,?. The engines ar
vivrd shortly after tho alarm was given
jmd quickly rxtlnpuishtd the flumes. Gu
larte at the time tho fire broke out was
<lanc$nj? at Austrian Hall. Suiter street, a
few doors from the vt( mis'-?. He hur
riedly left the social to lind his stock in
trade a wreck. H«» is insured for {300, but
claims that his loss will not 1-e less than
9700.
PHOENIX, A. T.. Sept. 11.— Extradition
papers were honored to-day by -Governor
Brodie for the return to Brown County
frqm Texas of a man known in Arizona
as John Hughes, but said to be Joseph
Humphries, an alleged cattle thief.
Governor Signs Extradition Papers.
ST. HELENA, Sept. 11.— Two flres broke
out here to-day, but owing to the prompt
work of the Fire Department both were
extinguished before any great damage re
sulted. The first fire occurred at the
Methodist parsonage, where several
women were cleaning house. A lot of
rubbish was placed in the tireplace and
ignited. A piece of burning paper drop
ped on the roof and the entire top of
the house was soon on fire. The roof was
destroyed and considerable Injury was
done to the interior of the house by water
At 3 o'clock in the afternoon a fire was
discovered on the roof of the kitchen at
the Grand Hotel and quickly put out.
Two Small Fires at St. Helena.
10
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24,
1803, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested ¦ to pre-
sent them immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure on©
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates will ba
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24.Chicago Grain Market.
Butter rules firm at the noted advance, with
smalt supplies of choice hard creamery. ' The
lower grades continue dull, and the nearby
creameries still show the effects of hot weather,
being soft and out of shape.
Dealers report the Egg market dragging at
the advance, as buyers are taking the cheap
er Eastern - and' cold storage stock. At the
same time stocks of fine ranch are not large.
There is no change in cheese, the market be
ing liberally supplied and weak.
Receipts were 39,200 lbs Butter, 650 cases
Eggs and 17,800 lbs Cheese. _
BUTTER — Creamery. 20c_ 30c for extras and
Butter -Cheese and Eggs.
NEW YORK. Sept. 11.— The cotton market
pfter opening firm at an advance of 4 to 0
points, ruled moderately active and closed
steady with a net loss of 2®12 points.
New York Cotton Market.
FLOUR— California FamHy Extras. $4 60®
4 83. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 60®4 co-
Oregon and Washington, $3 00®4 20 per vki
loV family and $3 00®4 40 for Bakers. w DW
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour. $3 25: Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour, $7-
Corn Meal. $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy. $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 50©4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75- Fa
rlna. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 : 50: Rolled
Oats . bbls, $7 25@S 60; In sacks, $6 75@8 10-
Pearl Barley. $0; Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas, $5 60 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
BAGS— Grain Bags, 5©5Vic: San Quentin.
r>.S5c; Wool Bags, 32035c: Fleece Twine, 7H®
He: Cotton Fruit Bags. HVjC.^ti^e and 71ic for
the three grades; Brown Jute. Ut6@7Hc.
COAL — Wellington. t*< per ton; New Wel
lington, $S; Seattle. $C SO; Bryant. $6 50; Bea
ver Hill, $5 CO; Stanford, $7; Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay. $5 CO; Greta, $7; VVallsend. $7; Rich
mond, $7 60; Cumberland. $i:j in bulk and
$14 25 in sacks: Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump, 511 50; Cannel, $S 50 per ton;
Coke. $11 30013 per ton In bulk and $15 In
Facks; Rocky Mountain Tlescriptlons, $8 45 per
2000 lbs and $8 5O per ton, according to brand
OIL— Linseed, 44c for boiled and 42c for raw
in barrels; cases. 5c more: Castor Oil. In cases
No. 1. 70c; Baker3' AA. SI 1001 12; Lucol 41c
for boiled and 39c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil
extra winter strained, barrels. 90c: cases. 05c-
China Nui. 53(370c per gallon; pure Neat»
foot. In barrets, 73c; cases. 510c: Sperm, pure
70c; Whale Oil, natural white. 50@53c per gal
lon; FUh Oil, In barrels, 45c: cases, 50c; Co
coanut Oil. in barrels. 68c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian.
COAL OIL--Water White Coal Otl In bulk
14c; Pearl Oil In ca*es, 20Hc; Astral. 20Hc;
Star. 20^c: Extra Star. 2414c: Elaine. VtJ^c;
Eocene. 23^c; deodorized Stove Gasoline in
bulk, 17c; in cases. 23V4c: Benzine, in bulk.
13c: In cases. 18Hc: 8G-degree Gasoline in
bulk 21c: in cases. 27 %c.
TURPENTINE — 78c per gallon in case* and
72c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6®
6Hc per lb; White Lead. 6®6%c. according to
quantity.
SUGAR— Tho Western Susrar Refining
Company quotes as follows, per lb. in
100-lb bass: Cubes. A Crushed and FU—
General Merchandise.
The Poultry market was active and all de
scriptions continued firm at the previously
quoted rates, except young Roosters, which
were quoted higher. The fourth carload of
Eastern for the week was on sale and cleaned
up at steady prices. The receipts of local stock
were light and dealers experienced no difficulty
in obtaining the maximum quotations for fine
large young stock. There were moderate re
ceipts of Game and good quality ¦ offerings
found roady sale. A large portion of the re
ceipts were tainted and otherwise in bad condi
tion and had to be disposed of at very low
prices or dumped.
POULTRY — Young Turkeys. 20@22c per lb-
Oeene. per pair. $1 50; Goslings, $1 50fir2:
Ducks, $3 'iC/di 50 per dozen for old and $4@3
for young; Hens, $4 GO^S 50: young Roost
ers. $506; old Rooster*. M SCMJS; Fryers
$3 5004 50; Broilers, $3@3 50 for large and
$2 6003 for small: Pigeons. $1 50 per dozen
for old and $1 50@l 75 for Squabs.
GAME — Rabbits, $1 25«?1 73 per dozen:
Hare, 75c@$l 25; Wild Doves. 70gS5c per
dozen.
Poultry and Game.
Spelter was unchanged in London, closing at
£21 2s Sd. while here It remained steady at $0
Iron closed at Ms 3d In Glasgow and 46s 3«i
In Mi<Jdle<rboro. Localy iron seems weak and
lower to bcII with advices from abroad report
ing that No. 2 pig iron is being offered below
$17. The quotations, however, are unchanged
No. 1 foundry, $17; No. 2 foundry, Southpm'
S10 CO; No. 1 foundry. Southern, and No 1
foundry. Southern, soft. $15 ."Ofjio 50.
There was a decline of 2s (Id in the London
copper market, spot closing at £57 Is and fu
tures at -37 5s. Locally copper remains quiet.
Lake Is held at $13 75. electrolytic at $13 62V.
©l.'{ 73 and casting at $13 37%®13 50.
Lead was unchanged at £11 «!s 3d, but local
ly prices were firm and a little higher, spot
closlns at fi 37>4.
NEW YORK. Sept. 11.— Spot tin advanced 7s
fid In Lcndon, closing at £122 6s 6d while fu
tures were 10s higher at C121 10s. Locally tin
wa* steady at $27 20(327 35. •
Nczu York Metal Market.
There was a very dull business In local stocka
and bonds yesterday, especially In the after
noon, but fluctuations were not wtde. The oil
stocks were moderately dealt in. with tales of
Home at 87V46!**.
Additional sales of Bank - of California
"rights" at $163 are reported.
Four OH has declared a dividend of le. o»
j $3UCC. payable on the 13th.
— _____
Stock and Bond Exchange.
FRIDAY. Sept. 11—2 * m.
L-N1TED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
•sqreoup...— — t« qr e (naw) — —
4s s qr rer — — .Is qr coup... 107 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W In. — — o T Co 6a.. — 123
Ray CSC r. 9 .I01«4103Vi Do 3* Ill 113«i
Cal C O Bs.103 — Do eon 8«. — —
j Cal O _ E g i Oceanic 3 3s. — — *
j m _ Ct 5s. — — »->m C R «».. — —
Cal-st 5s — — rParGIm4s. — —
I C C Wat fls. — 101 P E Ry 5s. 110 110»4
! Ed LAP «s. — — P * r fn,. _ _ *
I F A C II «a. — — P _ O R «a. — —
; «Jeary-st 5s.. — — Powell-st «•• — —
1 II C — S3V.S — — s E OAR &¦. — 104
I h c a s r.s. oo*, — srt aivr... — —
Hon R T Cs. — — s R of C Ca.lllH —
i L A Elec r,s. — -> S P of A (I
L A Ry 3s.. — — (UtOO) 10* —
LALCofii. - — <1010> 109V* —
Do gtd 6». — — 3 p O f c «*
i Do gtd 3s. — — <I90o)Br A. 104'-iinr.>i
I-AP lem fls. — — ntH»)3r B.105V 4 10ti
Mkt-st C «m. — — «100fi> 1O7S —
Do lem 5S.115U — «W12> 116\tl7 T 4
NRR of C Hs — — SPClp Ss.llS 110
NRC cf C 5s — 120 Do stmpd. .IOS^lOa
N P C R 53.107^108 SPRRti..- _
X C R 5».. — — SVffiih.. — 10HU
XCPCIH.- — Do 4s 2dm. WfilOoS
N H H «¦...— 101 no 4» .-Mm. — —
OOLII Bs. — — Ptkn O*E «ta — —
O W C O 5s. — — tr O A E 5s. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 49 63 IPcrt Costa.. — -«'
Marln Co — — iFprtng Val.. 84 M
GAS AND ELECTIIIC.
Ont LAP. 4^ ft f> ac ROAR — —
Equit Gas... — — s F O A E. er>H 7»
i Mutual E L. 13»4 14 S F Oas ... — —
Pac O Imp. M (UVii^tock G & E — —
Pac Lighting 8« — 'U O A E — —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F O A E. 68 «OHf
INSURANCE.
Firem'a Fnd. — — /
BANK STOCKS.
AmNatlBk. - - ILPA A.... - -
Ans!o-Cal ... — — Mer Trot... — —
Bank of Cal. — — Merch Ex . . — —
«'al Safe Dp. — — 8 F Natlonl — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINCJS BANKS.
Ger SAL..— — | Sav A L Soc 05 —
Hum S & L. — — I Sec Sav Bk. — —
Mutual Sav.. — — I Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U..5S0 700 •
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — — I Presidio — 43
Ceary — —
POWDER.
Vlgortt - B^IGiaat 63* <H*
SL'OAR.
Hana P Co. — — Kllauea 8 C — —
Hawaiian C. 44H 45 Makawell C. — —
Honokaa 3 C 13V 4 1XV, Onomea S C. 30 —
Hutch S P C — — Ipaauhau S C IS —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.l5Uil55 Oceanic 8 Co 6 7lfc
Cal Fruit As. 01 Vi — Pac A F A.. 2% —
Cal Wine As. 00 b — Pac C Borx.167 —
Mornlns Session.
Board"-*^
SO Giant Powder Con (B6C) 63 30
23 Hawaiian Com A Sugar. ....... 44 73
10 Honokaa »3 37Vi
20 Puauhau 9 P Co (S30) 1« 0O
10 Pacific Gas Imp W «£
10 Pacific Oas Imp ft* OO
5 Pacific Gas Imp 53 (S
$riCO0 Sierra Ry of Cal 6« 112 CO
$2000 8 V 4s 2d mtge lt*> 0O
$0000 Bay Counties Power CO 8» 101 0O
Street — . _
3> Alaska Packers' Assn 152 00
J20CO S V 4s 3d mtso 99 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10O California Wine Assn 07 0O
.'."> Gla nt Powder Con 64 0O
1<> Oceanic i? S Co 7 0O
70 Onomea Sugar Co '... 80 0O
CO Pacific Gas Imp M 0O
25 Pacific Lighting M 50
5 S F Oas A Electric Co <K> 75
13 8 F Gas A Eloctrlc Co ftU S7VJ
13 S F O A E. trustees" certificates «9 23
IS S F G A E. trustees" certificates 69 CO
$20(>O Pacific Electric Ry 3s 110 RO
$5000 3 P or Arizona U900) 10S 25
Street—
JCCCO Oakland Trar.fit 5s Ill 00
$7000 Park _ Cliff House 8s lu'J 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— " Bid. Aske-l
Carlbcu Oil CO 1 00 1 2O
Four Oil 70
Hanford Oil 130 OO 134 W
Home Oil »3 87*»
Imperial Oil 19 OO
Independence Oil • •, W Y'i * s
Junction Oil » 2t
Kern Oil 5 50
Lion Oil 03 M
Monte Crlsto Oil 75 SO
Monarch OH B* »'
Oil City Petroleum 29 :u>
Peerless Oil 13 3O 14 0O
Reed Crude Oil *l
San Joaquin Oil 5 50 •••¦
Sterling Oil * J» 2
Thirty-three Oil 0« • 8 °°
Twenty-eight Oil * 50 ....
Union Oil •- ,££>
United Petroleum 10O W>
West Shore Oil 3 CO 3 23
Miscellaneous— .' /-
Abby Land — Improvement, 1 20 1 43
Alameda Sugar 23 00
Alameda Biscuit •••. 29 OO
American Biscuit 88 00 9& OO
American District Tel ....
Bay Counties Power ....
Cal Central Gas A Electric .... ¦
California Cotton Mills 88 00 ....
California Jockey Club 103 00
California Powder ....
California Shipping Co 23 00
Cal Title Ins _ Trust 1.10 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland.. CO 0O
Chutes Company ' 8 0O
City & County Bank %
Cypress Lawn Imp Co o 50
Eastern Dynamite ....
Ewa Sugar Plantation ....
Equitable (Pool) Gas .....
Gas Consumers' Assn 22 3O
Honolulu Sugar IS 00
London ASF Bank (Ltd.) ....
Mercantile Trust ....
Northern California Power 9 50
Nevada National Bank ....
North Shore Railroad 000 ....
Orpheum Company '. 13 00
Pacific States Tel & Tel 122 50
Parafdne Point 33 00 ....
I Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
: are as follows:
i BEEF — 0®7c for Steers and S£6c per lb
! for Cows.'
VEAL— Large. 6%6S%c; small. 0®10c per
pound.
, MUTTON— Wethers. 7V4S8Hc; Ewes. 7©8o
l.per lb.
LAMB— »<t?10c per lb.
PORK — Drei»?e<1 Hogs. SKtfOMe Per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
I The following quotatiens are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in Pan Francisco, l;ss 50
i per cent nhrinkase for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. S©Oc: Cows and heifers.
; 7©8c: thin Cows. 4C*5c per lb.
CALVES — leS'ic per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 3%e4e; Ewes. 3©3%c per
lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 75@3 P«r head.
-HOGS— Live Hogs. 150 to 250 lbs, 6c; under
150 lbs. 5»i@5%c; Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars,
60 per cent off, and Stags, 40 per cent oft from
above quotations.
Quotations show no actual change, but the
weight grading of Hogs exhibits some varia
tion. Feeders are nominal, as there is no de
mand for them.
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
NETl* TORK Kept. 11. — Stocks moved irreg
ularly and for the* rnoet part along a narrow
line in to-day's market, which was again domi
nated almost throughout by the professional
AaStBt The crop report, so much better than
m«ry had expected, might have exercised some
™fi«nc» fcr higher prices but for the contln ;
£* weakneM of United States Steel stocks and
the dissolution, eociewhat in advance of the
I r«*rr!bed time, of the pool which endeavored
to place the securities of the United State.
r»M.it» ar.d Contraction Company on the mar
k'rt Steel common touched a new low rccoru.
fcrc-aHnr through 20. though it FUbsequently re
•""ered Th° features already named, together
with unexpected wllln* of Atchi«n for London
account, »ere enough to uniw-t tie the »i st all
j-ouni. really prcforrKl sold x flown to
to dav a new low record, and the common
I«M at CS»,. At their top price ls« year th«e
nocks eold «t 75% and Z2 1 /' , T m e
r.arket w»* more active *nd made e enerai im
f.rov^w-nt !r. the afternoon, part of the early
..-«,,¦ t^sng recovered. The Steel Mocks, for
jl:- flr»t time fn pevernl dnyr. «eem*3 .0 t»-
Viv- inflrtr mpport. notwlth«t*ndlng bearish
•rzi* rooflittoiw. and a number of specialties
WK taken on. .-.rparrntly for absorption. The
llrt delayed Onamw at the fto*-*™**
.!if important railroad returm- of the day were
¦¦ht annual r^ijcrts of the Atchiscn ind St.
»i,u; ryKtem«. Atrhiwsn w«» the feature ct
the <1ay r+rmer.n*: from It* early deprr^i^n
»rd one* more leading the market. Opcrst.ons
ii Ft Paul were unimportant. Business w»n
tx-r.dm was nmr.lnal. bring retarded by cab.e
interr«T>tlrr». DraWnr* «'!tn that renter were
>r on arbitrary character and wcr+ limited al
tno*t «!tr»r«>th*-«- »o Atchison and tn» steel
'tack*. Afivires indicate that another advance
In <l:*«mz:t rates may b« exp*c:<*d. botn tmm
Xjrndim oxiA Berlin. This, it in nrrvmed. J« In
Jine with the policy of the leading fi n * n^, Ial
mrtltuticn* of Europe to discourag" cold fhlp
ln»nt» to the «r.untry. The present discount
rate «.f «h« Bank Df England. 4 -ner <>-nt. m«'l«
l**t vifk. it the hfghert *lnr» February. 1001.
Any ndvanoe by the Imperial Bunk cf Germary
•¦ould e*c!te little Furprin*. In view of the
#t«>«<ly drain 00 the bank's <-s»h holding*.
Th" bond msrkpt Fhowed *rtne Jrretularlty
(ruts anfl the movement cither way was ex
:rrn-.ely nurrrw. Total 5«le«. fl.CB^OOO.
7>.s;<-'! Ftates bonds were all unchanged on
*e last csIL
Nnv York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, 50c5$l 50 per
rack: crates from Alameda. ¦ $lji)l 50;- from
Berkeley. 75c<g$l 25; Green Peas, 2??3c per Ib-
String IJpans, Z&03e per lb: Wax. 2V>(5-!c-
Lima Beans, 7. r >c!f$l 25 per sack; Tomatoes,
356 COc per box for river and 20@7iSe for buy:
Summer Squash, 23840c per box; Cabbage 75$
S5c vp: ctl; Carrots, 75c por sack; Cucumber*.
2."®40e\per box; Pickle Cucumbers, 3@3Uc for
No. 1 and l©2Hc per Ib for others; Garlicf 2ft:ic
per lb; Green Peppers. 233 40c ppr box or «ack-
Oi*en Okra. 3n«50c per box; Egg Plant, 40*i
50a per box; Marrowfat Squash, $1C©12 per
ton. .
Local trading In Potatoes was fairly active,
but the export demand was very light, and as
stocks were heavy, the market ruled weak at
previous prices. Sweet Potatoes were plentiful
and in good request. Onions were easy, with
very few sales reported at the top quotation.
Small consignments of Pickle Onions are com
ing in and selling from 40c to 75c per sack.
Vegetables were abundant and market condl
tlone showed no change from the previous re
port. Choice quality offerings of Green Corn
commanded good prices, but common and infe
rior offerings dragged at unsteady prices. To
matoes arrived freely frcm the bay and river
and sold at wide range as to quality. The top
quotations were obtained only for strictly fancy
stock. 50c being the top for the general run of
offerings from the river and f>5c an extreme
figure for ordinary offerings from the bay. Cu
cumbers. Summer Squash, Egg Plant and Green
Peppers were in excessive supply and dull.
Green Okra was a little firmer and String and
Wax Beans were steady at previous prices.
Lima Beans were in free supply and Inactive
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. 60c<3
$1 por ctl, with some fancy higher: Salinas
Burbanks, $l«il 60 per ctl; Rlvei; Reds, t!Oc®
$1 pfr ctl: Sweet Potatoes, $1 75@1 S5 per ctl
for Merced, and $1 00 for river
ONIONS— rrfKSJOCc rer ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues quiet. Old fruit is pretty well cleaned
up and quotations are more or less nominal
while new supplies are coming in slowly and
are of irregular quality. Futurea are weak
around 5V*©5%c for prime October and No
vember delivery. Common are quoted at 4S 1 ><?»
prime. 5V4©59ic; choice, 0@6%c; rancy, (j%
PRUNES— Continue In fair demand from
jobbers and prices show little change, ranging
from 3>,ic to 7c for all grades.
APRICOTS — Firm; choice. OVAaoyc- extra
choice. O>401O%c; fancy, 1H4612-. '
PEACHES— Firm, with choice quoted at 7U
©7»4c, and extra choice at 7ai@8V4c.
Hops are quoted firm at the new advance.
with buyers willing to pay the Increased quo
tations.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands se!l
about l%c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, O&c; medium. 8$ic; light. 8c; Cow
Hides, 8c for heavy and 8c for light;
Stags. 6c: Salted Kip. 8*4c; Salted Veal. S^c;
Salted Calf. 10c: dry Hides. 15©15«4c: dry Kip.
13c; dry Calf. 17c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 254*
30c each; short wool, 404150c each; medium, 70
®90c; long wool, $1@1 50 each: Horse Hides,
salt. $2 75 for large and $2(82 50 for medium.
$1 25*81 75 for small an.l 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 73 for large and $1 50 for me
dium. $Wl 25 for small and 60c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 32V4c; dry salted
Mexican. 2(3c: dry Central American. 32V4c
Goat Skins — Prime Angoras. 75c; large and
smooth. 60c; medium. 35c; small, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%$H*ic per lb;
No. 2. 4S4«.ic; grease. 2%®3c.
WOOL — Fall cli? — San Joaquln Lambs', BiQ
12c; Foothill. 10©12e: Middle County. ll#13c.
Quotations for spring clip are as follows:
Humboldt and Mendoclno. 18S2Oc: Nevada. 13
©15c; Valley Oregon, fine. lSftl9c: do, medium,
17©18c: do. coarse, I<vgi7c per lb. '
HOPS— 20<S 25c per lb for both 1902 and 1003.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Llmas are quoted firm at an advance, as the
crop Is thought to have been damaged by the
recent hot weather. Otherwise there is noth
ing new in Beans.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 00^3 05; Pea. $3 25-
Butters, $3 25; small White. $2 8503; large
White. $2 45@2 55; Pink. $2 75©2 00; Red.
?2 00®3; Lima. $3 40>53 50; Red Kidneys,
nominal; Blackeye. (2 40 per ctl; Horse Beans
$1 40@l 50
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $1 7001 80; Canary.
6©5>4c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape
1?;©2V2C: Timothy. 666140; Hemp. 3VJ©.-iVi c
per lb; Millet. 3&3>sc; Broom Corn Seed $20®
23 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 S0®2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds..
The Gaelic took out a treasure list of $ST».(53O
consisting of $87,400 In silver bullion. $1350 in
gold coin and $S>i<0 in Mexican dollars, all for
Hongkong.
Silver is lower. Exchange remains about the
tame.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — (4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 8094
: Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 k"4 4
I New York Exchange, sight — 07^a
j New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounce — 67 Vi
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 471 j
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were weaker and
Paris futures higher.
The Government report, giving the average
condition of winter and spring Wheat com
bined September 1 at 74.7, against 80 Septem
ber 1. 1902, and a ten-year average of 78.3,
was considered mildly bullish at Chicago, where
the market advanced from 81%c to 82c, and
fell back to 81 Vic. The report decreased the
preceding estimate- by about 10.000,000 or 15,-
OOO.OOO bushels, and makes the total crop about
620.000,000 bushels. The export demand was
still disappointing, but the milling demand was
as urgent an ever. Minneapolis reported tha
cash market "sick," with the September shorts
running to cover and the weather in the North
west not favorable. .
This market was easy, with buyers holding
off and futures low^r. r-
CASI1 WHEAT.
California Club, $1 45@1 02 VS: California
White Australian, $1 55®1 60; Northern Club
$1 45@1 60; Northern Blue Stem, $155@157U-
Oregon Valley. $1 62%.
FUTURES.
Session i) to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 47-"«i $1 47% ?1 47 $1 47 ¦
May 147% 1*7% 147% 147%
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 47 $1 47 $1 40% $1 40%
BARLEY — Futures were lower, but there
was no decline In the 'cash grain. Trading
however, was lighter.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $1 13}J@1 ll>>4; Shipping and Brewing
$1 20@l 25; Chevalier, $1 20@l CO for fair to
choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close
December ...$1 15 $1 15 $1 14% $1 14^'
2 p. m. Session.
December— $1 14%.
OATS — The Government has opened the bids
on the 390O tons mentioned some days ago.
They ranged from $1 44^4 to $1 55 for double
sacked choice feed. Local dealers hardly ex
pect that this market will get the contract
as the crop of the two northern States Is now
coming In. and as their markets are lower
and their supplies larger than ours it is con
sidered probable that the Sound will secure the
plum.
The market rules steady at unchanged quo
tations.
White, $1 20@l 32%; Black, $1 20@l 55-
Red, $1 20@l 22% for common and $1 2od
1 2S for choice; Gray. $1 27% per ctl.
CORN — The market Is easy and tending
downward, owing to the frequent arrivals from
the West. California descriptions, however are
holding up better than the Western.
Western. Racked, $1 42%@1 43 for Yellow
Jl 42% for White and $1 40 for mixed; Califor
nia lirse Yellow. $1 55«$1 57%; small round
do $1 70@l 75; White. $1 05 per ctl.
hYE— $1 20@l 27Vj per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25@2 50 per ctl.
Exchange andSullion.
' Chicago stood about the same and there was
nothing new In our local market.
CURED MEATS— Caccn, 12^c per lb lot
heavy, 13c for light medium, 15c for light.
l.'-jc for extra light. 17i?c for sugar-cured and
lSiic for extra sugar-cured: Eastern sugar
cured Hams, IBftej California Hams. 15Wc;
Mess lifct. $11 Z,f;t\2 per bbl: extra Mess $12
612 50: Family. $13 50; prime Mess Pork. $19;
extra clear, $25; Mes.«. $20: Dry Salted Pork.
12Hc: Pig Pork. $2S; Pigs' Feet. $5 23;
Smoked Beef. 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces (jucted at 7?ic per lb for
compound and 10X4iQ10*«e for pure; half bar
rels, pure, llgllijc: 10-lb tins. HH'SH^c;
5-lb tins. ll»i,c: 3-lb tins. ll^c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. »Hc; thre«
b«Tf barrels. »4c; one tierce. 8?»c; two tierces,
9^ic; five tierces, 0>^c per lb.
Provisions.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Sept.- 11. — Wheat— Walla Wal
la, 78c; blue stem. 82c; valley. 8Oc.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. Sept. 11.— Wheat— Blue stem.
81c; club, 79c.
SEATTLE. Sept. 11.— Clearings, $847,838;
balances. $lML\4tii>.
TACOMA. Sept. 11.— Clearings. $382,454;
balances. $40,580.
PORTLAND, Sept. 11. — Clearings, $720,587;
balances, $125,001.
SPOKANE. Sept. 11. — Clearings, $324,472;
balances, $21,854.
Northern Business.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 11. — WOOL — Quiet. Me
dium grades, combing and clothing. 16*32lc;
light fine. lrn^nVsc; heavy fine, ll@ll%c; tub
washed. 20#30c.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ThA market shows no change, new Fruit be
ing In good demand and firm.
NEW FRUIT — Apricots. THQ^'-jc for Royals
and U'cjilc for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples.
5ig6c: Peaches. 5'/i@7c; Pears. 6®9c; Nec
tarires, 4^1 He for white; Figs, white, 4\i<&
4%c In boxes; Plums, pitted. 5®7c per lb.
PRUNES— 1902 crop. 2«gt?2%c for the four
sizes, with tn'.iii- premium for the large slz»s.
RAISINS — New prices are as follows: Two
crown. 6itftH;c; three-crown, 6US84c; four
crown. G?i"JJ7c.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 12tj«l.Tc;
No. 2. 10H«illHc; No. 1 hardshell. HHttl2c;
No. 2. 10$104c; new Almonds, lie for Nonpa
reils. 10^c for I X L. lO^c for Ne Plus V\
tras and 8%c for Languedoc; Peanuts, 5&7c
for Eastern; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $4 50
65.
HONEY— Comb. new. 12H613H= for white
and 0<811c for amber; new water whlta ex
tracted. 5t4e«^4c; light amber extracted, 5c;
dark. ;Ui*j4V.c.
BEESWAX— 27629c per lb.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisuis J Honey.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 12,000; to-morrow,
IO.OoO; best steady; others weak: mixed and
butchers, $5 50@4 25; good to choice heavy,
»5 80<96 15; rough heavy, $5 35<ff5 80; light.
?5 75«6 30; bulk of sales. $5 70^5 05.
SHEEP— Receipts 17.000; good to choice
wethers, $3@3 65; fair to choice mixed, $2@S;
Western sheep, $2 75@3 70; native lambs, $3 50
i@5 50; Western lambs. $S 50@5 25.
CHICAGO, Sept. 11.— CATTLE— Receipts,
3500; Western, steady; good to prime steers,
$5 50@6 15; poor to medium. $4 00®5 25:
stockers and feeders, $2 00^4 15; cows. $1 CO
@4 10; heifers. $2 OOlgS CO; canners. $1 60®
2 75; bulls, $2<g4 0O; calves, $3 5O®« 80; Texas
fed steers, $3 25@4 65; Western steers, S3 25
©4 50.
CHICAGO.
"Concerning the crop outlook there is little
fhange Two meoks more and the bulk of the
i orn crci> »i!l re out of danger of fro«t. As
we have stated in previous advices, this is not
solng to be a year of large crope. but no wrl
•iue d*ftcier.cie« are to be expected and a good
Cem*nd at profitable prices is assured for nearly
KU Mgricultural products, the beneficial effect
at which upon gcreral business reed net be
vr.largHl uoon. Anot'ier source of anxiety la
this cor.riectlon that seems to have practically
disappeared is the cctton corner. Thii move
rv.ent appear* to have b*>en an exception to the
rule of failure in corner* and lt» managers are
underrtood to have closed out the hulk of their
holdings' at handsome profits and to be in no
Uaniter by carrying what jerr.alr.s.
'The supply cf undigested securities, which
ha* lor.g been a menace to the market, has, of
.-.ur«=e. not be^n eliminated, but it must be
it'membenHl that many of these are now s.ell
inic surer U»«?ir intrinsic value than at any
time f>:ne« their creation, and the borrowing*
ORainn them having been largely diminished
by liquidation they are much less cf a danger
than formerly. Industry ii> feeling the effect
of high-i>r1<?*d material* ar.d the advancei !n
»age» granted during the last two years. A
*-o«<d many enterprises involving fixed outlays
voaa* are B-lrfady delaying Improvements whfr-
BVCT possible until costs can bo reduced. It !e j
Ki|:r.inc?.r.t that during the lart fiscal year 1D3 j
railroads, tilth fc mileage of 145.000 miles. ,
»ho«-rd an increase of *i»0.000,0<X) in earn- ]
ing» during the year, or 14 per cer.t, *hiie net |
•larnlngrs in t!i« tarr.e period gained only $1**.- 1
almost entirely attrlt>utatle to the lncr»»sej j
co«t cf labrr ar.d Its effect upen maieriali."
Weather Report.
motfe Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAX FRAN'CISCO. Sept. 11 — 3 p. m.
THE COAST RECORD.
I si U II P l
s || £= to i
•« p ' at & i Z.
•#?**" " O
'. c c '. '. P
'. • ? • • '
linker 2».S4 54 40 N Cloudy .04
"t,r>-'n TJ.7* Hi 4Z E Clear .©0
IJur«-ka 3O.f>4 M 82 N Clear -OO
t'rtfnn 29.70 VO O4 NW Clear .00
PlSCSttff 23.44 CT 40 SW Pt.Clfiy .00
!nrtr;*ndfnce .2>.W 72 60 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Is* Ar.gf!ef...2I».7S 79 «0 S Pt.Cldy .I'D
Mt Tamalpaie.29.fil 70 .'.0 NW Clear .00
NV.rth He»d...2«.7O 5« f»4 P Rain .12
t'hot-nix L"9.r.2 S*3 74 KW Clear .00
i'otfcteHo 28. RG 44 .. N Rain '.10
Portland 29.78 58 45 PW R&in .OC
Point Rr yes... 29. fl» SO 50 NW Clear .<«•
R*-ii Bluff 23.76 80 e2 N Clear .00
Raaetart 29-S* <J« <8 W Cloudy .M
Hs^ramcnto ..».7O KO 58 NW Pt.Ody .dt
-alt Ltke 29. >* 64 4« NW Cloudy .10
."an Francisco. 2». 70 76 56 W Clear -00
•an L. Oblspo.2y.80 So £2 W Clear .«X>
.San Di<rso 29. HO 72 W B Cloudy .00
Seattle 2».7<5 56 SO PE Rain .02
=pckane 29.82 M 40 S Cloudy .00
Taroosh 29. W 52 T.2 SW Rain .02
Wi.Ha Walla. .2Ji.R0 C2 40 SW Cloudy Tr
W lnnemucca .29.S4 «0 40 SW Clear .00
Vuma 20.50 100 78 W Clear .00
•AKATIIER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy weather pre\'ail« over the
l J Ac:nc slope and light rain has fallen over
Wat-h'.ngton. Northern Oregon, Southern Idaho
and Northern Utah.
A norm of moderate Intensity has appeared
rr the Washington coaft. moving rapidly east
ward The prcKi-ure hae fallen half an Inch
dt Tatoosh Island In the past twenty-four hours
tA high southerly winds are reported from
tli» mouth of the Columbia River.
The temperature has fallen rapidly over
Maho, t'tah. Nevada. Northern Arizona and
th» greater portion of California.
Forecast made at ?an Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, September 12:
Northern California — Generally cloudy Batur
'*ay with rain in northern portion; fresh south
west wind, tirtsk eff tho northern coast,
Southern California — Generally cloudy Satur
day, probably ehowers: frrsh Eouthwest wind.
Nevada — Cloudy Saturday: warmer.
San Francisco and vicinity — Partly cloudy
Saturday freeh southwest wind.
* O. H. WXLL6ON.
Local Forecaster, Temporarily In Charge.
A high New York commercial authority thus
»tat*a the current trade situation:
Crops, Labor and Securities.
LIVERPOOL. >
Wheat— Sect. Oct. Dec.
Opening 0« 6 6'/« 6 6V4
Closing «5% 6 6 6 6%
PARIS.
"Wheat — Sept. Jan. -A pi.
Opening .20 05 2110
Closing 20 00 2110
Flour 1 —
Opening 29 65 28 15
Closing 29 50 28 15
Eastern Livestock Market.
Foreign Futures.
The Comptroller of the Currency haa author
ired the formation of the Tenth National Bank
f San Francisco, with a capital of f 1,000.000.
Fred G. King. W. M. Watscn, Francis Fmith.
Jchr Filiins ar.d M. R. Htgginf: are the aprll
¦ *nt«. Mr. Illrglns i* vice president of the
Paclflc Mutual Life Insurance Company. Mr.
Smith is a number of the firm of Francis
:-3-.:th & Co.
Xezv National Bank.
STOCK MARKET.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
ytoney— | Do pfd 70%
Call; loan* 4 ©3,Wcst'house Com.. Sif?.
Tim^ loans 5J4(W Mining—
lionJ> — j Ad venture 5%
Atchison 4s 57Va Allouex 5
Mexican Cent 4s.. 72 Amalgamated .... 47%
Railroad: — {Daly West 39 %.
Afhlson C7-VBingham 24%
Do pfd ni% Calumet & Hecla.40'3'
Bokton & Albany. 250 Centennial 1514
]!o«ton & Maine.. 168'^ Copper Range.... IJ2
IioUch Elevated.. 130 V-V Dominion Coal... 7""
N Y. N II & U..KZX Franklin 8%
Kitchburg pfd 134 ,Js!e Royale 7
Vnion Pacific 70 (Mohawk 42
Mexican Central.. 12 '/i Old Dominion.... 0
Miscellaneous— lOsceola 59
Amer 8ugar......ll4%.Parrot 20
Do pfd lls^jQulncy 91
Am -Tol & Tel l.'l^'i Hanta Fe Copper. 1%
Dominion I & 8.. i:> 'Tamarack SO
General ISlccirlc..lC2 Trinity ?
I NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
! Shares. High. Low. Bid.
Atchlson 13.495 QUft S6V4 67 v»
Atchlson pfd . . \ . . 2.011 02 91 91 Vi
I lialtimore & Ohio.. 4,800 fc2% b2*% 81 '/j
j Btlf & Ohio pfd... ISO 86» M 86? 4 fct3%
j Canadian Pacific . 1,550 124 123 IS??*
Cent f o N Jersey 15S
Ches & Ohio 700 S3% 33 32%
Chi & Alton CM 22% 22% 24%
Chi & Alton pfd... :;<-> 64 63<4 64
rhl & Gt Western. 100 16% 16V* 16%
Chi & Gt W B pfd 30
Chi & N W 350 165 164 164
Chi Term A Trn 9%
Chi Ter & Trn pfd I0rt 214 21 «4 20%
C C C 4 Bl Louis. 637 74 73% 72
Cola Southern t£») 14 14 ]3»i
Colo Sou 1st pf<3 .13
Colo Sou 2nd pfd.. 100 22',4 22V* 22
Del A. Hudson 163
I Del lAck & W 100 237 237 237
Den & Rio Q 24%
Den & Rio G pfd 78
Erie «.30O 3(» 29 Vi 2»*i
Erie let pfd 1.290 67VJ 67 67» t
Erie 2nd pfd W*> 51 Vi 51 Vi 51 Vi
Gt Northern pfd. . UK) 170 170 160
Hocking Valley «9
Hccklng Valley pfd 68
Illinois Central.... 644 133 132% 133 VJ
Iowa Central 400 19?4 19 19Vj
Iowa Central pfd 37
K C Southern 1OO 22 22 22
j K C Southern pfd 39
I Lcmls & Na*h .... 1.000 105** 105 105>i
Msr.ha.uan L 1.150 135% 134«4 134 Vs
Metropolitan Et P.y 2.30<> 110}, 113» t 114',
Minn iz St Louis.. 100 5S 68 57
Missouri Pacific -. 7.70O 04S 93% 94'*
Me Kan £ Texas.. 515 20 19Vs 1«T»
Ma K&n & Tex pfd CuO ¦»-':» 411* 42
NstRR of Mex pfd 2t*> 41»« 41» t 41%
N Y Or.trtl 3,6<K> 123 121 % 122'*,
Norfolk & Western 1.000 C3V4 62 Vi C23»
Nor & Western pfd J>8
I Or.t & Western 2.000 23 1» 22' i 23
I Pennsylvania 19.724 123 124 M, 124»i
! Pitts C C & Et L 04
! Heading 1C.3OO H<i 53 Vi MVi
I Reading 1« pfd 79
Reading 2nd pfd «W
Rock Island Co. ... 10,2»H) 29*2 ~^» 29
I Itcck Island Co pfd 1,200 .00 C5V* 6.V*
! J-t I, i S F 1st pH Co
i St L & fc'F 2nd p.'d .30 S0*i M>
St Louis S W SK>0 1C, P'J l«=S
i st Louis si w pfd. l.ooo ;»«%, ::« sa~ t
St Paul 17.S00 1433-, 142 142? 4
St Paul pfd 1"2
Southern Pacific .. 6.0KO 45', 44!* 4*1%
Southern Railway.. 3,400 23 22>» 22%
Southern Ry pfd.. 350 S5»i 85 fc&« 3
Texan & Pacific . 1.500 27H 27 27
Tol St L & W 21
Tol !-t L t IV pfd '. 2SVi
Vnion Pacific 33.810 76% 7r.*i 7«$4
Union Pacific pfd W-j
Webash 21'i
Wabaih }>fd 1.000 S5»£ 35 35 1 *
Wh & Lake Erie 18
Wts Central 2OO lh?i lS^i 18
Wiscon Cent pfd.. 400 4O'.» 40 40
Express Companies —
Adams 223
American .... 180
United States 103
Wells-FarKO 210
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper . 1.8O0 47% 46H 47%
Am Car A Founjty 500 31 »i 31 Vj 31%
Am Car & Fdy pfd £3
Am Linseed Oil 1O
Am Linked Oil pfd 33
Am Loccmot'.vp ... 300 18'» 18 18
Am Loccmo r>M .. 31") 85V, Jsi hi
Am Smelt & Rfg.. 2rtO 43S «'i 43%
Am i?m & Rfg pfd. 200 t'fl^ S9Vi $»9Vi
Am Sugar Refining 114«fc
Anacon Minin? Co SOO bO 79 '-i SO
Brooklyn Rap Tr».n 6,100 42V4 <1% *2 T 4
Colo Fuel & Iron 42>/j
Col & Hock Coal 14%
Consolidated Gas.. fiOO 174 173% 174
General Electric .. 200 lO3Vi 1C3U 1C2
Intematl Paper 13
Int Paper pfd 600 C7% 65 67
Intematl Pump 34%
Int Pump pfd 70
National Biscuit . 100 39ft 39*4 39*4
National Lead 300 15 15 15
North American 76'4
Pacific Mail 400 22 21 «4 2m
People's Gas 800 93% 93 93%
Pre*!>ed Steel Car. £'W iO^ 40% 4Oi,<,
Presd Steel C pfd. 20O ?O feO 76
Pull Palace Car 21rt
Republic Steel ... 100 11 11 1074
Republic Steel pfd 200 m 65 60 Vi
Rubber Goods 200 19 18% ]«V4
Rubber Goods pfd 70
Tenn Coal & Iron. 2.OO0 40 38 Vi 39%
T T S Leather .VK> 8H 8 9
V S Leather prd.. 200 50% 80% 8O
U B Rubber 100 12% 12% 1274
U S Pubber pfd • 42V4
D fi Steel 82.S00 20% W£ 20 \4
U S Pteel pfd 11,200 70% 69% 70%
Western Union .. 300 83H» 83% S3>4
Total salee 369.100 fchares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, Sept. 11.— Bond transactions
United Railroads of San Francisco, 10,000 at
979 37% and 17.000 at $79 12J&.
NEW YORK CLOSING BONDS.
IT S ref 2s reg... 109Vi Hocking Val 4',4s.IOJ
U S ref 2s coup..lO/.« L & N Unl 4s... 9SVi
U S 3s reg 10S Manhattan 114 '
U S 3s coup 108 Mexican Cent 4s.. 73
U S pew 4s reg. .135 Mex Cent 1st Inc. lf.Vi
V B new 4s coup.- 135 Minn & St L 4s.. 05%
U H old 4s reg... 109 Mo. K &. Tex 4s.. B7*.
C S old 4s coup. .110 Mo. K & T 2d«... 7SV.
U S Cb reg 101 V* NYC sen .IVis.. U5 : -i
C S fie coup 101% N J C gen Os 12S%
Atchlson gen 4s.. 100 Nor Pacific 4s... 100%
Atrhlson adj 4s.. 00% Nor Pacific 3a... 71
Bait & Ohio 4s.. .100 Nor & W con 4s.. 06%
FJ *c Ohio S\b*..~. «2H Pennsylvania .... 9.VA
B t O conv 4s.. .100 Reading Gen 4s.. Sj5
! Canada So 2ds...lO5tj S? L & I M conSs 111
1 Cent of Ga &t...J05' 4 St L & -S F 4s... 92
Cent Ga 1st Inc.. ?4H.-:St L Swstn lets. 04
Chea & Ohio 4 'is. 102 i St L Swstn 2ds... 72
Chso & Alt 3Vis.. 7i>^!S A & A P 4s... 77Vj
Con Tobacco 57 So 'Pacific 4s 80%
C F & 1 76Hs So Railway 5b...I1;{%
C li tc Q new 4s.. 03 Tex & Pac lsts.,114%
C M & S P gen*s.lG5 T. St L & W 4».. 71%
C & NW con 7s.. 150% Union Pacific 4s.. 99%
C, II I ft I 1 4S...100 U Pac conv 4s... W4T',
C.C.C&S L sctAs. «.»6 Waba*h lsts ....1141,
Chgo Term 4s 73V. Waba.-'li 2ds 105
Colo & So 4j> 08% Wabash deb B... 59%
D & It G 4s 9« West Shore 4b 1O1»' 4
Krl« prior lien 4k. 00% W & L E 4s 88
Erl<> genera' 4s.. 83Vi V.'ls Central 4s... SJii
F W & D C lsts.103%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS. I
Adams Con 10 Little Chief 0(5
Alice 17'Ontarlo 5 00
lireece 15'O f ,hir l GO
Brunswick Con Vi. Phoenix vs
Comst»ck Tunr.cl..07«/iiPoto?i '^<j
Con -CcI & Va 1 40 Savage la
Horn Silver 1 00 Sierra Nevada 33
lrrn Silver 1 .'!5>imall Hopts 21
L<:adville Con U2 Standard 2 10
On the Froduce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm. Creameries, 15@19%c; Dai
ries 13@17%c. Eggs, steady; at mark. 17@
18c. Cheese, steady, 10@llV4c.
FOR FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 11.
FJour. qr sks .. 14. 0*0 Straw tana ... SO
Wheat, ctls 1.883 Hop* " bales ... 119
Barley, ctls 11,310 Wool, bales 170
Oats, ctls 430 8cre«nings. sks.. 70
Corn, ctls 1.520 Tallow ctls ... 23.1
Beajis. sks .... 1.334 Pelts. No 175
Potatoes, sks .. 5.30O Hide* No. .... Ml
Onions, ska 1.060 Quicksilver f.k» 29O
Rye. ctls 4R3 Wtn» gals" 133 ISO
Bran, sks 2,57O l Leather rolls .. U
Middlings, ska... 381 'Paper nns .... 771
Hay. tons C84 Lime, bbls .... 630
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks .. 81
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 1.CO0
Receipts of Produce,
NEW YORK, Sept. 11.— The following table,
complied by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
September 10, with the percentage of increase
and decrease, as compared with the corre
sponding week la»t year:
PerCL PerCt.
Inc. Dec.
New York $ 767,725,350 .... 64.2
Chicago 143,054,232 6.4
Boston 88.192,377 29.2
Philadelphia 80,993,447 .... 84.0
St. Louis 44,167,442 .... 11.3
Pittsburg 36,6btt.l51 .... 16. 0
! San Francisco ... 21,083.058 .... 20.4
I Baltimore l«.824,100 .... 35.2
Cincinnati 17,993,000 21.8
Kansas City 20.150,102 1.4 .. ....
Cleveland 12,250,400 .... 26.7
I Minneapolis 12,3»!),5»0 13.1
! New Orleans .... 0,ti"1.849 12.0
j Detroit S.370.1S3 0.7
Louisville 9.053.S44 1.3
' Omaha 6,344,137 7.8
i Milwaukee 4,359.8)5 3.1
| Providence 4. 135.900 23 . 4
' Buffalo 5.433,21ft 13.5
I Ft. Paul 4.333.261 .... 18.5
i Indianapolis 4.SI5.17.1 7.3
j Los Angeles 4,44O.3!K> 1.3
St. Joseph 4.527,839 4.8
Denver 3.936,975 .11.9
Richmond 3.153.556 21.8
Columbus 3,317.000 18.8
Seattle 3.541.391 .... 13.1
Washington 3,556,490 6.3 ....
Savannah 3.37U.36O .... 6.7
Memphis 2.182,817 4.9
Albany 3,100,84.1 .... 3.9
Salt Lake City.. 2,269,345 27.1
Portland, Or 3,341.890 7.8 • ....
Toledo 3.852.998 17.6
Fort Worth 2,875,195 3.3
Pooria 2.531.173 20.9
Hartford 2,008.853 26.9
Rochester 1,692.574 .... 16. ()
Atlanta 2,153,251* .... 15.5*
Des Molnes 1.7R0.SU .... 18.8
New Haven 1,353.350 16.2
I Nashville 2.254,928 19.3
Ppokane 2,128.968 23.0
I Grand Rapids .... 1.598.905 10.5
I Sioux City 1,062.870 20.1
| Springfield. Mass. .1.1SS.7W 21. «
Norfolk 1,088,549 26.6
Dayton 1.504,463 8.2
Tacoma 1,704,547- 17.7
Worcester 1,127,967 .... 28.3
AuguMa. Ga 1,059,773 .... 43.3
Portland. Me. ... 1.433.7(52 2.0
Scranton 1.054.321
Topeka 1,594.275 14.7
Syracuse 043.3T.O .... 22.9
Kvansvllle 1,012,317 6.1 ...
i Wilmington. Del. 900,944 .... 11.7
! Birmingham 944,020
Davenport R17.15S . 2s!2
Fall River 682,564 4o!5
Llttlo Reck 807.240 11.4
, Knoxvllle Mt!i,:ifr.-. 2 6
M » c , on v 549.000 ..!. ie!i
Wllkeebarre 772 294 11 8
Akron 71.1,000 4.3 '.'.'.'.
Springfield, 111. .. 807 018 19 2
Wheeling 633.076 23*0
Wichita 49G.974 16°
Youngstown 621, <«8 15.0
"Plena 608.359 10.5
Lexington 474,238 'J2 5
Chattanooga 638,158 11.7
I^vvell S57.341 .... 34.2
New Itodford 31S.110 37.2
Kalamazoo • NH>.09G 11.9
Fargo 515,305 31.9 ....
Canton. 0 491. 07S 74
Jacksonville, Fla.. 636,7S» 8» 8 """*
Greensburg. Pa... 424.773
Uockford, 111 30S.212 19 8
Sprlnefield, O. ... 444.374 3 0
Blnghamton 317,500 ... 14 0
Chester. Pa 385.400 18.0
Uloomington 308.644 'A'l
Qulncy. Ill 35D.750 24*2
t-loux Falls 220 031 8 ~
Mansfield. 0 173[o~l '
Jacksonville, 111. . 228^233 'hi
Fremont, Neb. .. 177.2G.1 2** 9
I'tica ' 2.<M.V.6O) ••;] 7ii
I>catur, 111 290.997 " i'S
Houston 10.S70.010 ...'. ->' 5 1
Charleston, S. C. . U74.274 ....
Total!". U. S II.420.420.C72 Ii~n
Outside N. Y.. eo2,693.316 .... 15 5
CANADA.
Montreal 17,353,359 «,« n
Toronto 12.4ti2.72* ' '...'. sols'
Winnipeg 3.830.104 111 i
Halifax 1.4S7.8.T4 ... "si
Ottawa 1,740.152 230
Vancouver, B. C. 1.22S 328 "" s'n
Quebec l^RTi ""
Hamilton 938,896 lj's """"
St. John, N. B... 827 OS* ""
Victoria, B. C 49017G7 "." ir'n
London 705,319 .... 6 .'r>
Total Canada.. 7$ 42.913,951 ....
New York Grain and Produce.
,^ E * W k YO ? K - Se^- "— FLOUR-Receipts
lr^esular?" ' eXpOrtS ' » 6172 barrels; market
WHEAT— Recelpte, 7800 bushels; spot easy-
No. 2 red. S4%c elevator and S7V4c f o
b afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 93c' f o b
afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba. 91 %c f o b'
afloat. Opening a trifle lower on the crop
report, wheat at once rallied and was firm all
the morning on higher Paris cables strength
In the Northwest and export taJk. Later it
yielded to a bear attack and in the last hour
ruled weak, closing H@%c net lower. May
closed at 87%c; September closed at SGttc-
December closed at 87c. '
HOPS— Firm. . •
HIDES— Steady.
PETROLEUM— Steady •
WOOL— Quiet.
SUGAR— Raw, firm: refined, firm.
COFFEE-Spot Rio firm; mild. / 4 ulet. The
market for futures closed net unchanged to 5
points higher; sales. 8750 bags. Including Sep
tember. 4c; November. 4.20@4.25c; December
4.45@4.&Oo; January. 4.60c; March. 4 75c :
April. 4.80c; July. 535.03c. * *" <oc '
DRIED FRUITS.
Bank Clearings.
Crushed 5.85c; Powdered. 6.70c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.70c; Dry Granulated, fine, 8.60c; Dry
Granulated, coarse S.60c; Fruit Granulated.
5.60c; Beet Granulated (100-lb bag* only). — :
Confectioners' A. 6.60c; Magnolia A, 8.20c; Ex
tra C. 6.10c: Golden C. 6c; "D." 4.90c; barrels.
10c more; half barrels. 23c more; boxes 50a
more; 50-lb bags, 10c more for all kinds. Tab
lets — Half barrels. aiOe; boxes. «.38o p«r I*.
No, orders taken for less than seventy-flv* bar
rels or Its equivalent.
Shipment o f $89,630 in specie to Hongkong.
Local securities still inactive, but generally steady.
U ' ail'Strcd stocks featureless and r.ot materially changed.
Silver lazier. Xot much variation in cxclumge.
Gnverv.mc.it Wheat crop report considered mildly bullish.
Wheat and Barley futures lou-cr. Cash prices unchanged.
Government opens bids for Oats and Hay.
C orn zveakens under daily receipts from the West.
Lima Beans reported affected by the recent hot weather.
Hay and Feedstuff s as previously quoted.
Butter and Eggs firm, but quiet. Cheese plentiful.
Xezc Dried Fruit still in good demand and firm.
Provisions unchanged, here and in the West.
Hops quoted firm at the recent advance.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs about as before quoted.
Poultry active and firm. Game still more or less tainted.
Potatoes in large supply and zvcak.
Onions and Vegetables plentiful.
Fresh Fruits caning in freely. Mexican Limes scarce.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
placed upon the Government crop report. The
weakness that developed in wheat also had
its influence and the close ¦ showed December
%c lower at 50-ic.
There was a lair advance in prices of oats,
but liquidation later induced an easier ten
dency, causing a loss in the closlnc for De
cember of MQhic at Xi ! &@ 1 ,kc.
Provisions ruled Jower on selling by the bull
leaders. A. little Mipport was offered later in
the session and thr> closing was steady at a
decline in October p^rk of 17V4cfi$1.1 C2M,, with
lard down 12»4c at ?8 3f>, and ribs 10c lower at
$8 70.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — 1 Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
Sept.. n«w S0% 80% 79',i 70%
Dec., new 81% 82% 81H 81%
May 83% 84% 83% 83%
September*' 60% 61 50^4 60%
December 50^ 50»$ 50 60%
May 60% 60% 50 50
Oats No. S—
September 35% 36% 35% 33%
December 37% 38 37% 37H
May 30% 39% 30^ 39*,
Mess Pork, per barrel-
September ...... 13 50
October 13 70 13 70 13 C2V4 13 G2%
May 13 45 13 50 13 40 13 40
Lard, per 100 pounds —
September 9 25 0 25 9 25 9 25
October 8 42tf . 8 « 8 27% 8 37%
January 7 40 7 40 7 32% 7 35
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
September S 37% 8 60 8 37% 8 60
October 8 55 S 70 8 60 8 70
January U US 6 95 6 00 C 90
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, firm; No. 2 red wheat. 79%@82%c;
No. 2 corn, 50c; yellow, C2c; No. 2 oats, 35®
86c; No. 2 white 39c; No. 3 white. 36«i®
38%c; No. 2 rye 55S56c; good feeding barley,
49c: fair to choice malting. 62@>58c; No. 1
flax seed, «5V6c; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 01;
prims timcthy seed, $3; mes» pork, per bar
rel $l.'l 6O0i:< 60; lard, per 100 pounds (9 20
©3 25: nhort ribs sides (loose), $8 37%@8 67%;
dry eslted shoulders (boxed), 0%ig>6%c; short
clear sides .(boxed). 8^4@8%c; clover, contract
grade. $0 28.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flcur. barrels 18,420 17,694
Wheat, bushels 142.275 68,725
Corn, bushels 403,300 137.478
Oats, bushels 203,000 63,100
Rye, beshels ..4 2.850
Barley, bushels 38,500 6,185
Ccns for money.. 80% New York Cen.... 128
Cons for account. 89Vi Nor & West 64^4
Anaconda 21^ Do pfd 91
Atchiaon «8H Ontario & West.. 23%
Do pfd 84^ Pennsylvania 04^
Bait & Ohio 8H* Rands Mines 0%
Canadian Pacific. 127'fc Reading 27};
Ches & Ohio 34«4 Do 1st pfd 40Vi
Chi Gt West 17Vi Do 2d pfd 35
C, M & St P 147 'Southern Ry 23V4
DeBeers 20 Do pfd 81
Denver & R!o G. 25Mi!P©uthern Pacific. 46V4
Do pfd 80% lUnlon Pacific ~~'M
Erie ;;(>¦. I Do pfd 90
Do 1st pfd C9~ U S Steel 20>4
Do 2d pfd 53 Do pfd 71%
Illinois Central... 13C* Wabash 22>4
Louis & Naeh 108 Do pfd 30
M. K A T 20'fc
Bar silver, quiet. 28 7-lCd per ounce. Money,
2*i&3 per cent. The rate of diecount In tho
open market for short bills Is 3 11-1C@3% per
cent and for three months' bills 3?i@\J% per
cent.
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS,
Mass Electric 20^'rnlted States 10^
Do pfd 78 Vi Victoria 3%
United Fruit S9 Winona 8
>U S Steel 20 Vi I Wolverine .' 70
RASPBERRIES — $4©7 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $2@3 per chest for ordi
nary and ?4 50 for fancy from Santa Cruz.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7®8c per lb.
APPLES— 85cS$l 10 per box for fancy, 50^
75c for good to-choice and 25@4Oc for common;
Crabapples, — .
PEARS — Bartletts, *1<31 25: winter varie
ties, ¦ BOJfDOc per box.
QUINCES — 40S«0c per bdx.
FIGS— Black, 60<gS5c for double layers, 30#
60c for drawers and single layers and 00c€?$l
for large boxes from the river; white. LOQloa
for double layers and 25@50c for drawers and
single layers. ««^..»
PRUNES — 50(gC0c per crate and 30@4Oc per
box* large open boxes. 50®75c: per ton, J25.
PEACHES— Small boxes, 60<300c; carriers.
76c#*l; large open boxes. COSSSc; per ton. $.5
for Clingstones.
POMEGRANATES— 50@75c per box.
GRAPES — Seedless. 50©t55c per box; Isabel
la 75®85c per box or crate; other varieties, 33
rgiiOc for small boxes; 50®75c for crates and
60c@$l for large open boxes; Wine Grapes. J_
625 per ton for Zlnfandel and $15616 for Mus
cat
MELONS— Cantaloupes, Jl 25®2 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons. C5cS$l per box; Watermelons.
$S@23 per hundred. _»__ „
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges. $2 75@3 for fan-
Cl" Valenclas, *2Q2 50 for choice and $1 25^J
1 60 for standard: Seedlings. $1«1 25; Lemons.
$t@3 per box. with some fancy higher; Urape
Fruit. *l 75fg2 25: Mexican Limes. —1 Ba
nanas. $2©3 per bunch for Central American
and $1 25©2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples. $2 5OU
3 per dozen.
Receipts of fruit, were liberal and Included
much poor stock, which had a depressing ef
fect on the *ale of superior, quality of offer-
Ings. Receipts of strictly fancy fruit, however,
were comparatively light and continued to com
mand good prices. Peaches were firm and sales
of choice freestones from the mountain dis
tricts were reported at Jl per box. Receipts
of carriers were very light and prices ranged
higher. The canners were purchasing freely
of clingstones In bulk at the previously quoted
rate. Common Apples and cooking Pears were
abundant and dull. Fine wrapped Bartletta
were steady and occasional lots of strictly
fancy commanded a small premium over the
quotations. Quinces and Pomegranates were
In falr f request, but supplies were ample and
quotations stood about the same. There were
heavy receipts of Figs In all kinds of pack
apes and prices were irregular. Prunes were
In free supply, but moved off well at steady
prices. The canners secured a small quantity
at the quoted rate, but most of the receipts
In bulk were disposed of to the regular trad<>.
There was an abundance of all varieties of
table Grapes and prices had little variation.
Wine Orapes were offering freely and met with
a fair demand. Melons were firm and active
owing to the continued warm weather, and
Watermelons were quoted higher, with the
market practically bare. Nutmeg Melons and
Cantaloupes were in light receipt and 'sold off
well at higher rates. There were liberal re
ceipts of berries, particularly Raspberries, and
the market was quiet, except for strictly fancy
offerings. Surplus stocks of all varieties went
to the canners at the minimum quotations.
Huckleberries were plentiful, but ruled steady.
There were no changes in Citrus or Trop
ical fruits, although Lemons moved freely ow
ing to the scarcity of Mexican Limes. Th*
steamer that arrived on the preceding day
brought up 392 cases which had not been mar
keted up to a late hour, owing tonne steamer
having been placed in quarantine.
STRAWBERRIES— $1 60@3 for Mallndas and
$4©B for other large varieties; Longworths,
nominal.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
FISH—
Harracouta — @15 f*> a Bass — ©15
C n rp 10el2^ Bmelta —©15
t*?£\ — «12H Holes 12H«11
— @12^4 Skates, each ...1OS13
Flounders 10@— Squid — S10
Halibut 16fi— Tomcod 12^0—
Herring — ©— Turbot 20(3—
Mackerel —©15 Trout. Salmon ..—^30
Do horse 15© — Trout ©40
nockfUh — »is Brook Trout ... 075
Salmon, fresh — @ — Whlteflsh 10©
Do smoked ... — «L'5 Clams, gallon ..50« —
Famines 100— Do hardshell.lb «§10
Shrimps — @10 Crawfish, lb...lO§12Vi
fihad 10®— Crabs, each ....— <g— 4
Btrlped Bass ... — «15 Mussels quart. — @12H
P'rch lOlT— Oysters.' Cal 100.40?gr.0
Pomplno — 050 Do Eastern.dz.30940
Rockcod — ©15
ours, and supplies are light there. Otherwise
there Is nothing new.
All Feedstuff* remain as before quoted.
BRAN-»2;tiff24 r>*r ton.
MIDDLINGS — ?26 5OS28 per ton. *
SHOUTS — 5--'.-!4j:m p^r ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $24^25 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26@26 60; Job
bing, $27@27 50; Cocoanut Cake, $21@22:
Corn Meal. $;«a:».1 50; Cracked Corn. $33 50^»
34 50; Mixed Feed. $22 50#2C SO; Horse Beans
|2S^30 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. «11®14 50. with sales of extra
choice at $15; Wheat and Oat, Illjri.TSO: Oat.
*10@13; Wild Oat. $3 60#ll 50; Barley $'9®11;
Clover, $S 60©ll; Stock, $3^0; Alfalfa" |9 50®
10 SO per ton.
STRAW— 3C@C5c per bale.
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET\
Both Butter and Eggs are higher this week.
Supplies of freeh Eggs in the wholesale mar
kets are light. There Is plenty of Butter
around the markets, but It Is mostly soft,
owing to the recent hot weather. Fine, cool,
hard stock Is rather scarce, hence the higher
prices. Cheese remains the same as quoted
last. week.
Meats and Poultry show no' noteworthy
changes. Game Is dearer. There Is plenty
coming In. but It spoils quickly in the hot
weather and cannot be sold. Most kinds of
Fish \ are plentiful. The open season for
Salmon closed on Thursday and there will be
none on the market until October 16.
Vegetables are abundant and prices show
very little change. Fruits too. continue plen
tiful, with prices reasonable.
. COAL. PER TON —
Wellington ..$—010 00 New
Seattle $— @ 8 50 Wellington $— ®10 00
Hoslyn ......$— @ 9 00 Coos Bay . ..$— @ 7 50
Richmond ...$— @9 5o|Greta $— & 9 00
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter, choice, sqoO@70iCommon Eggs . .30935
Do good .. 45®55|Uanch Eggs ...40^45
Do packed. lb27%«aJ30iEa£tern Eggs .. — ©30
Cheese, Cal 15020' Honey comb, per
Cheese, Eastern.. 20@25 pound —€20
Cheese. Swiss . .25@35 Do extracted .. S@10
MEATS.: PER POUND—
Bacon ... .1$ . . . .15®22 Pork Sausage.. 12%ei5
J Iams 10018 Smoked Beef ... — 020
Lard 15@—
The San Francisco Butchers' Protective As
sociation gives the following retail prices for
meats:
Roast Beef .10018 Hlndqrtr Lamb.. 18020
renderloln Steak. 15013 Foreqrtr Mutton. 8010
•o^erhse. do.l74@22«A Leg Mutton ...12%®15
Sirloin- Steak.. 12U@15 Hutton Chops.. 124<f?is
Round Steak ..10-3:12% Mutton Stew .... 8@10
Beef Stew —010 Roast Veal .....12@20
Corned Beef .... t®io Veal Cutlets 15@20
Soup Bones 4@— Veal Stew 12%«15
Soup Meat 6©10 Roast Pork ...12V*£.1S
Lamb Chops ...— ®20 Pork Chops* 15&1S
ForeqrtrLamb ,12^@io|
POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens, each 50@80 Geese, each .....$1 60
Young Roosters. • Goslings . $175
_, eac h 40@75 Pigeons, pair ...—030
Old Roosters, ea. 5O065 Squabs per pair. — 050
Fryers. each 4n#rno Rabbits each . .— «25
Broilers, each . ..35@50|Hare each — <jf.'O
Turkeys, per lb..«Vrf24 Wild Daves, d«..$l 60
¦>ucks. each . ...65cg$l|
FRUITS AND NUTS—
Alllgtr Pears, ea.25@35 Limes dew — ®20
Almonds 15®20 Lemons doz 1&0Z5
~f pl ?* 3® 5 N>rtarln»« lb ...—** •«
Hlnrkherrie!.. dr..2.vwso Nutmeg Mel. ea. 6®10
Cantaloupes io@25 Oranges, do* ....25'a50
< ran berries, qt...— .v,.^ Prunes lb 5@ 8
crabapples. lb ..— @ 5 Pomegranates. ea24<35
Rr» a n a «• —«r20J Peaches, per lb.. 5® 8
Brazil Nuts .... 20©— Pears, per lb . . B@ 8
Bananas, doz . .25©40 Pineapples ea. ..23«£5ii
r^ni"" 1 . 8 — ©12 M, Quinces, lb . . . . 3@ 5
f^ocoanuts. each.— ©10 Kalsins. per lb.. 6O1S
v, £ F . iRS - pr 1°— @10 Raapberrles. drw50@75
rrpsn Figs. pr ib.io«3»l5 Strawberries per
Grapes per lb..3£fi drawer .."..... 20@50
H^fi-^T 14 ' dz - 75<> @*l Walnuts, per Ib..l5«r2o
Hucklbriets. lb.... 12% Watermelons ea.lO©25
VEGETABLES—
Artichokes. doz...40©50| Onions, per lb.. 1® 2
Asparagus. lb....lO@15 Okra green lb. 5® 6
Beets, dozen ....10ft— Okra. dried, lb..— ©23
Beans, white, lb. 6@— Potatoes lb ... 2@ 24
t»h£1°t • ' pe ?J b B@ ~ Parsnips, per dz.l502(»
J?*«J Lima. lb... 6@ 8 Rhubarb lb ....— @ 5
rv£™ ** "? b • ' 6 ® 10 Radlshes.dz bchslSSCO
c-VJL/- J"*^ B ® 10 Sa f «• d * bunches2r,O—
Cress, dz bunch.15®— String Beans, lb. 5@ S
Cucumbers. dz....lO@15 Summer Squasn
£ arIIC •• — @ 6 per lb .'. 39 5
Green Corn. do*.25«40 Sprouts per lb... 6® 8
V.T2 PfPPe™. lb 3@ 6 Spinach, per lb..— © 5
Hrled I Peppers . .li><r2S Pweet Potatoes,
Egg Plant 3® 5 per lb 2U@ 3
V^T n eas> lt> - 4 ® 6 Thyme.dz bnche.JiWIO
Lettuce per doz.18620 Turnips per dz. — ?»1S
Leeks.dz bunchs.lfi»20 Tomatoes lb ...29 3
L1 ™. Beans ' lb - 3 ® 3
CHEESE— New.' 12(gl24c: Young America.
13@14c; Eastern, 15® 16c; Western, 14@15c per
lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 35©36c for large white se
lected and 3CB34c for fair to choice; store.
22&<327c: cold storage, 24g^6c; Eastern, 21©
24c per dozen.
25@27Vic for seconds; dairy. 21#23c; store But
ter, 17K6'19c; cold storage. 24025c;. Eastern,
23©24e per lb. - .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY v SEPTEMBER 12, 1903.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Continued on Page Thirteen.
The Government ha» opened the bids for the
3700 tons of Hay. mentioned a few days ago
They ranged from 74 3-5c to 92%c per ctl for
choice wheat or wheat and oat. It Is hoped
that this market will secure the contract, as
?w- —-—•«-•-„ morli.lo aro nrai-h hlaKw than
Hay and Feedstuff s.
There was a decided weakntss in corn' 'at
tho nurnin* <1up to a heariRh mnainmtinn
CHICAGO. Sept. 11.— Wheat opened a shade
weaker, but soon became firm on bullish Ar
gentine and foreign crop news and strong
Northwest markets. The strength Northwest
did not hold, Liverpool showed an easier tone
at the close. Under the 'selling pressure De
cember closed at Sltfc, •% and He under yes
terday.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
*>_. UNDER ELECTRIC LIGHT #v-^
Grand Auction .Baie of Choice **^
TKOTTINa AHD FACING KOKSZS,
Containing well trained vms and daughters ot
McKlnney, 2:11ft; Diablo, 2:09>4; Truman.
2:12; Falrose. 2:194; Tuberose. Ibex, 10,673;
•Clarence Wllkes. 2:28*4; Gossiper Jr.. Sidney.
2:10*;: Alexander Button. 2:2SVi: Del Rey.
2:23; Senator B (by Mendoclno). 2:19S;
Nephew, Wlnwood. Silkwood. Sable Wllkes,
2:13; Gossiper. 2:134; Richards' Elector. Lus-
trldon. Direct. 2:034. Good Gift. Hart BoswelL
Bayswatcr Wllkes, Montesai (by McKinnev).
; Antevolo. 2:194; Boodle. 2:114; Charles Dar-
by. 2:20, and many other famous trotting sta!-
llons and sires. Perfect, stylish road hor»«s,
guaranteed In every way, having faultless ac-
, tion and extreme speed. Fine surrey horses:
well matched teams: standard and registered
brood mares; extremely fast and promising trot-
I ters. haa^some saddle horse* and several all-
I purpose horses. Seekers after the finest repre-
sentatives of the best trotting families will b«
, suited. Not a cull will be offered. Every ani-
mal must be sold without reserve or limit.
I Sale takes place at the ¦•
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
f, 24(1 THIRH ST.. NEAR FOLSOM.
, MOITDAT EVEITTNO, S«pt. 14th. 1903.
Commencing at 7:43 O'clock Sharp.
I Horses at salesyard Pept. 12. Catalogues
I ready. WM. O. LATNfl. Llvestoclc Auctioneer.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER I*J, 1303.
12
3I1LLIXERY. _^ _
LADIES, you are invited to visit my millinery
crenlnz to-day and to-morrow; imported ana
New York hats. MME. DOSCH. 207 Poat it.
MRS. RUMPLE will be pleased to meet old ani
new friends at her millinery parlors.22t Geary
M I S CE LI*AX E O V S— B" OnSfcALJE^^^
DOES ToUR~ROOi' LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite; in rolls ea*y to Uy:
needs no painting or coating; goad over old
iron «*n or ahin*le»: best for new roof a.
ELATERITE ROOFINQ CO.. 713 Markat at.
2D-HD. machinery, boilers, engines pump*.
pulleys, shafting etr-.. etc.. bought. a»ld.
r.nted and exchanged; j-ee Sunday paper*.
HS. WHITE MCH-Y CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
A— Fine salts, $7 60; dresj pants »2 80. Origi-
nal MUflt Clothlnic Parlors. 23S Kearny »t..
near Bush; open to '¦> P. i". Sunday to nooa.
A— $3 5u DERBY and ledora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. U30 Kearny St.. near
Pine: ooen till 0 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines botlers. water pipe, shaftl:-*. pulleys,
etc. ' WHITELAW. 25.1-255 Spear at.
FIVE thoroughbred Holsteln yearling calves
for sale cheap. Twenty-seventh and Fan
Bruno road. WM. STHAErEP/S Stockyard.
10 SHARES preferred and 10 shares common
stock in well-paying: automobile company for
¦afe cheap. Address box lZil. Call offio.
xr w" w***!^ A PKP route for lliii? chaftc* f*>P
the right man. Address N. A. LARSEN.
17l5 Pacific are.. Aiameda.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and Jl 50 pair:
foot-fcrm shoes at $2 50; w« pay express
charges. It :M >t.. Exam, bid.: catalog, free.
BOILERS engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH A; "wOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont »t.
FOR SALE— 2 good, healthy milk goats awl
baby buggy, cheap. 7.!1 Jth ave.. Richmond.
S3AFE Price $50. KeKa Union Phonograph
Parlors. SOS Kearny »t.
A FINE 4S- carat perfect whit* diamtnd *t t.
bargain. II) Sixth it
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 317-423 Sacramento st.
A JULES JUKGENSEN 5-mlaut* tepeatln*
watch; very reasonable. 10 Stxth »t.
PAIR 3-karat diamond earrings at a bargain.
10 Sixth tt. g
MOVING pictures ma?lc lanterns, sale, rental:
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Poat st.
MILKS of p!re and fittings: all *l»ea. EU-
GENE RII^ETT & SONS. 109 Vailejo at.
MOVINO picture film and sonx slldea. 103
Montgomery tt.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains :camp «to«Is and chaJrs.hamtno^lcs.
metal beds.mattre3ge».J.F.Hotter.7i^ Mission.
Edison phonogrrapfcs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigaiuo'. 033 Mkt :
G \SOLINE engines automobiles arrt launches.
"all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremnnt st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriter*: n'l
MISCELLA.VEOUS WANTS.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 nth st. : tel. Jessie 25131.
A BIG price paid for sealskin*: »end postal.
25 Stnckt-n st. : rih"n» Puah 4S4. -
___^ Tf> LOAJf.
AAA-HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-603 Examiner bulldiax.
Quick settlements: no dlsacpolntment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates -?cond mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests assignment* of l-ents. property In tru!«t.
etc.; legacies life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
Wben You Need Monrfy
See HEP-MAN MURPHY.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, a.*,
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. SW
Market st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chant*, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; largest buatnees la
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 10.T Orant av»..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
AT cut rates on real estate, furniture or piano;
no commission. E W. LICK. 10C3 Mutual
Sav. Bk. bid.. 709 1 Market; phone Main 816.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGKXCY — Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLET CO 143 Phelan Eldg.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds pearls and precious stones bought
at \7. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Slith at.
MONET" leaned to salaried employes. O. W.
MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle bldg.
Z% ON furniture A pianos; (15 up; no removal;
V. TREMAIX. room 81. 6 Eddy at., floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo S. V. Collateral Loan Bank. 553 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. CHI. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes wt'.hou/
lndor.«»r. MORRELL. CCO Examiner bid;?.
j A — YOU will not have to pay for special sale
1 advertising on these bargains. Uprights:
1 CollarU. ?J7; fcherrr.an &. Hyde, $117; Kilsher.
$U5; Singer, almost new, S1C3; 2 Steinways.
good cor.viltion. large and small size, $16.\
*ai'5: Cttfckartnc. $»3. $150: :> Heine, second-
hand. $U«5: slightly used. $237. $395; 1 Ueirj-»
baby grand, $7U5; Krell. slightly us«»d. dar<c
mahosany. $"J»5. New bargains: Mason &
f Hamlln upright. $2S5; Behr Bros., mahogany.
$217; Ccnover. $2tS5. Piano players slightly
used fiom $00 up. Pianos rented. $2 up.
apply en purchase. Installments, $4 up.
rash discount if paid In two years. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 2^5-2^7 Geary St.: largest ex-
clusive piano house of the West: ag-nts fi>r
the Gabler. Krell. Steger. Heine. Singer, etc^
A SMALL walnut Emerson upright, absolutely
like new. $135. 2J7 Geary st.
STEINWAY upright, left by private party,
j $165: a great bargain. 237 Geary st.
I YOU do not take any chances when buy'.nic
' from u«. Our methods are well known la h*
open and above beard. "Big bargains, not
bli; ads." Is our rule. All goods guaranteed,
a* represented or no sale. Call and »ee larz*
assortment of. new and used Instrument*.
THE ZEXO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 7U> Mar-
_ket_st : '
I a FEW upright bargains from $70 up. compris-
; ing such makes as Chlckering. Jacob«on.
Vose. Sterling, Knabe. Fischer. Schwechten.
Weser Schuman and others: easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell St.; no
branches In San Francisco.
THE greatest opportunity ever offered In Sar»
Francisco to set a good reliable piano cheap.
Before our removal we will sacrifice any In-
strument for cash or Installments. Call of
I write for prices and terms at once. KOHLEn
& CHASE. Established 1S50. 30 O'Farrell.
I BAND ln»truments; F. Besnon. Paris, maker.
Gus Maiwaid. Agt. Pac. Coast. 27S O'Farreli;
skillful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments acid.
| BARGAIN — Standard mak« upright: good con-
dition. SCHM1TZ A CO.. 16 McAllister st.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltehead's Storage. ItKtt Market st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe'j.2S5 O'Farrell.
BUY direct • from the factory and save 50 per
cent. HOIiNUNG. 216 McAllister st.
BEST renting piano In city for $.1 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
EOHMER Byron Mauiy pianos. Ceclllan piano
player. BYUON MAUZY. 3CS-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, xlthera. old and netr. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham placn.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Th* Weekly Call.
10 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 year.
PIAXOS AXP ORCAXS.
PART of cur~list of bargains In second-hand
pianos for September. ltHXJ:
Original
v Prlct. Now.
1 STEIN WAY & SONS—
Rosewood case, large «lxe, T 1-3
octaves, beautiful tone. In excel-
lent condition $72S $375
1 A. B. CHASE—
Mahogany case, largest size, full
•winging music rack, three pedals,
very latest uy!-. cannot be told
from » new piaao SAO 400
1 STEINWAY & SONS —
Walnut case, small size. 7 1-3
octaves, nearly new. beautiful
tone In fine condition «23 473
1 STEINWAY & SONS—
Mahogany case, large slzs. latest
style. 7 1-3 octaves, cannot b«> told 1 A
from new 7 Jo 623
1 A B CHASE GRAND—
Mahogany case, tn perfect condi-
tion, only used three months 800 57s I
1 STEINWAY St SONS BABY j
GRAND—
Ebonlzed case. In uw a very
short time and equal to new 330 -jq |
Also a large number of square pianos i
ranging in price from $25 to $250 and Chanel 1
and parlor organs from $20 to JIMl 1
Complete list furnished on application at i
cur store. .SHERMAN. CLAY A CO
Corner Koarny and Sutter eta.
pal^istryI "
MME. DEVAS— Scientific palmist and astraliv
gist. Palm reading, $1. Hour, 10 to lji£
1 to B. and Tuesday evenings. «a PteLt^g 1
H.JEROME FOS3LLI. scientific palmist sii I
Taylor st.. near Geary. Paone bu&M^ 1 ?
HELP WAXTED FEMALE Con.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 82U FREMONT ST. AND 1S73
MISSION, NEAR*FIFTEENTH.
WOMEN and rirls to work on fruit: steady
employment: dav and piece work: highest
n-.i K i»*. CODE-POUTWOOD CANNING CO.,
Uryent ar.d Tenth.
EXPERIENCED labeler: also girl to make
herself generally useful In laboratory. MRS. \
N1STTIE HARRISON. 140 Geary.bet.10 & 12.
G1RL6 wanted to wrap chewing gum. New-
ton Gum Co.. Secon>l and Folsom *ts.
FIRST-CLASS trUloress wanted: good wages.
Tbo Presidio Post Exchange.
GIRL for general housework. 51 Cumberland
st.. bet. 13th and 20th, Guerrero and Dolores.
GIRL to assist in small family; sleep home;
$10. 115 Bartlett st. : before 1 p. m.
GOOD lailorcss wanted on coats. 701 Geary
street.
\\ A.VTED— Youns lady .toLwork in candy
store: no experience necessary. 148 Fourth.
RETOUCHERS wanted at Bushnell's"! 1510
Market st. ¦ \
WANTED — A first-class tallores; on coats.
055 Geary 1 st.
WANTED— Reliable German girl for upstairs
work and wait at table; wages $20 to $25;
call, after 0 o'clocl:. ol7 Buena Vista ave.,
between Frederick and Waller sts.
NEAT young woman for general housework,
small family; jrcod wages. Call 1524 \\i-
llejo Rt.; carfare.
FIRST CLASS cook, email family; wages $40.
Call between I and - or 5 and 7; 2«12 Scoit
street, carfare paid.
EXPERIENCED sewers Uri bilk and wool
waists; best pay; steady enip:oymeni.
KONIGSTEIN. 28 First *t.
GIRLS— About 15. for factory work; good
wajt*s; apply nt once. AMES & liAP.KIs.
1C0 Sacramento sV
APPRENTICES for glove trade: wages trora
stait. Carson Glove Co., 12.J Second st.
WANTED — Lady ccok for small hotel. Inquire
at I SC8 Stockton st. Phone John C761.
RELIABLE pltl for boueewoik at l'J07 Lycn
it.; wares J'.'5.
WANTED— A girl to assist In generaPhouse-
v.ork; plain cooking. 30J6 Caillornla st.
WANTED— A cook In family, wages $30; car-
tare paid. Apply 115 Bt-uiah street.
OPERATORS en muslin underwear- ol*o learn-
ere. O. W. REYNOLDS CO.. M>7 Mission *t.
LADY agents on salary. «_«ll a lu V ,.;dc« jj,
Columbian buildint. i']C Market »t.
WANTED— Fir.Jshe'.s nnd' quick sewers. a!>
__ply_M. EIMIKOFF. ISTS Market ft. •
Cl/ASSIFIED advertlycn-.ents and subscriptions
recelvtd at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore. '
A BRANCH orflco for Call advertisements and
KUliscrit»t.ons has been established at 10U8
\"alen^in »t.
IIKLJ' n.VM'El) MALE.
AT C. P.. HANSEN .<: CO/S EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY.
420 Bush n 642 Clay st.
Special Shipment for Nevada and California.
10C0 men for R. R. work. a« laborers, team-
sttrs. rockmen. driiler*. tunn^-Imen. $2, $2 ">0
Free Fare — Ship Daily — Free Fare.
Outside salesman. $lfiO; porter. $50. Vhole-
?ale house; younj man for creamery who
knows city and drive a wapon. $60; brick
loaders, blacksmiths, ranch Ucrosttrs. farm-
ers, butlers, hostlers. $25. $50 and found.
Meat nnO pastry rooW. country hotel, $60;
<ll.-h washer $25; vegetable cook, restaurant,
city, $"0: pantryman, south. $:i. r >. $40: house-
man. Santa Hcrbaia, fate prepaid, $25:
tvaSter*. rooks, bell elevator boys, dish pot
(rasher*, kitchen hands, $75
C R. HANSEN & CO.. Employniirt Agents,
429 Hush pt «42 Clay st,
RESTAURANT baker. $C0» to S(3. r .; colored
» niter and house man, private lamlly. $«3
and fonnij; 2 cooks nnd Vivts, SCO arid 5i;3
and found: !:otcl and biardinr-house cook*.
$40 an<i SSO and found; waiter, i-ountry hotel,
fare advanced. $.10 and found; boarding-house
waiter. S'iO: dishwashers. bell boys and
other*. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. WS Sac-
ramento st.
2 JANITORS. $;;o and board and $20 and
found: man about place, S"5 and found: '2
m?n for huntins club. $30 anJ found; 2
fanners and wive?, S10 and ,*."i."i find found;
2 milkers for city. S30 and $:5T. and found:
formers. $30 end found: choremnn, $20 and
found; shepphenler. $30 and found: .black-
fmith. $.1 day: lilackstnith helper and floor-
man. $2 .'0 day: laborers for mill and wotids.
$?0 and found; miners, laborers, qimrrymen.
vioodclsopoers and others. J. ,F. CROSETT
& CO.. t'28 Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S office. 317 Stockton st.—Plaln car-
l-enter, near city. $3 a day; second gardener.
$50; man to drive, milk cow and do chores,
private place, $30 to $35: pantryman, $30:
laborers and teamster*, private park;* vege-
table gardener, $30, etc. ' *
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 2G Montgomery, r. 12.
Bell boy. country. $15; second cook. $60:
head waiter. $50: steward. $60.
WANTED — A yoiine man with some knowl-
edge of electrical work and some experience
for station work; $30 per month and board.
Address Pacific Portland Cement Co.. Ce-
. nient. Solano County. Cal.. stating experience.
WANTED — A strong boy. from 14 to 15 years
of age. Apply S. N. WOOD t CO.'S Powell
¦n<i Kddy st. store.
COMPETENT and reliable cutter; none other
need apply. 8. N. WOOD Jfc CO.. 740 Market.
TRY our men's shrws, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50, or
orthopedic shoes. $:J B0; best shoes on earth. 11
Third st.. Exam. bd«r.. 5 doors from Market.
WANTED— Stock clerks with experience in
the wholesale millinery business. Apply
HOLM & NATHAN. 512 Market St.
WANTED— Errand boys. Apply HOLM &
NATHAN. 512 Market sL
WANTED— First-class silk salesman: state
«'xperiencc. age, salary exnected, etc. Ad-
dress box 1230, Call office.
WANTED— First-class lining salesman; state
experience, salary expected, age. etc. Box
122S. Call office.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 SO; we pay
express or mall chgs. 11 Third Bt.. Exam. bid.
WANTED— Boys. Apply Superintendent's Of-
Kce, The Emporium.
JEWELERS. 32S Bush st.. third floor, room 4.
YOUNG man. IS or 20, cream helper, wholesale
candy fiytory. 538 Washington et.
WAITER wanted at 613 Clay tt. ¦¦
WAITER wanted. Miners* Hotel, 2C1 Fixsi »t.
HELP WAXTED MALE Con. '
MURRAY A READY,
PHONE MAIN 5848. 634 and (36 Clay at.
LEADING EMPLOYMENT AND LABOR
AGENTS. .
/Office half block lone; 14 clerks employed:
by our own printing plant we publish a
"FREE" Bulletin of Labor, containing
every position segregated under Oepartments.
ready for distribution 7 a. m.; also noon and
evening editions. GET ONE FREE. Ger-
. man, Italian. French, Spanish, Portuguese.
Greek ryoken.
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
We- know no distinction between Man and
Man.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME. '
1902 WE GAVE l»Oi WE'LL GIVE
45,0C0 MEN WORK. 60,000 MEN WORK.
TO-DAY WE SHIP FREE TO
NEVADA. ARIZONA,
OREGON. LOS ANGELES,
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS. WILLITS. UKIAH.
AND ALL POINTS S. P. and Santa Fe.
NORTH. EAST AND SOUTH.-
RAILROAD HELP of every descriotlon. In-
cluding drillers, hammer and corner men.
muckers, laborers, teamsters, blacksmiths,
cooks and waiters, $5, $4, |3. ?2 day.
MURRAY & READY. t34-636 Cl»y »t.
CARPENTERS FREE- FA REX
4 carpenters; large winery: fare $3; $4© fd.
4 carpenters: lumber company; plain work;
fare f2 90; $75.
Carpenter: ranch; 80e fare; $40 ana found.
SPECIAL.
15 carpenters. 8 helpers; big water power;
south: $90 and $67 60.
MURRAY & READT. 634-636 Clay St.
.. COME.
363 laborers teamsters, city and country
Job*. $2' $2 50 and $3 day; all classes of
work. Come, see.
155 Italians, (2 25 day.
You board yourselves. Steady Jobs.
2fi laborers, free fare. 14 miles away. $42
and found.
155 coal miners free fare, $3 to $3 day.
165 laborers, teamsters. . WIllUs. Uklah. fire*
fare. $67 50.
, DO YOU KNOW— FREE FARE.
On every train we ship to S. P. Ox's own
work, on all divisions, laborers, extra, gangs;
also section hands. i
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
156 teamsters and ax men, $75.
197 laborers and drillers. $75.
lf>.Vtrack layer* ballast track, $67 BO.
Cost you only $1; no discount: steady Job.
MINES. QUARKIES, TUNNELS.
185 laborers, you'll suit. $60. $75 fd.
IK; miners and timber men. ?W> found.
1S6 quarrymen. also driller?." $82 to ?90.
98 car men, furnace men. $75.
STABLES. FARMS. DAIRIES. HARVEST, j
lf»6 farm.' orchard, vineyard hands, $30 to
$45 found.
.IS milkers, butter-makers. $30. $35, $40 and
found.
156 harvest handa. hay balers, $2 50. $3 day.
6$ choremen. $30 to $50 and found.
16 Etablemen, city and country, $30 to $40
found.
S6 men for brick yards $35 to $?0 found.
_. MARRIED HELP WANTED.
12 men and wives, farms, orchards, mines,
mills $40 to S7O and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WHERE ARE THET?
S6 lumber trusts and syndicates.
Located In Four States,
Managers Here. Two Territories.
FREE— FREE— FREE.
P9S laltorers. no experience wanted, $35 to
•1 $70 and foui^l. •
1SS csuerleifFed mill and yard men, $40 to
ii/'O and found]
::S3 woedchoppenv $40 to $150 and found.
3SK woodehi'ppers. tiemakers, shlnxle. posl,
picket ar.d box bolt maker?, tools and pro-
visinns found.
BIG L. MURRAY & READT.
TUISTS. 631 and 636 Clay at.
A-r-COOKS. HIG PAT.
COOKS. B10 PAY. COOKS. COOKS.
Uti.coi'ks for harvest and fruit ranches, hay
pressts. etc.. ?70. $tk>. $50. $10. $30 found:
very few men to cook for; no women there.
4 cooks for different mines, $70, $03, $5o. ?4O
found.
46 cooks, hotels, restaurants, cafes, saloona,
etc.. $70 to $40 found.
, WAITERS.
82 waiters, different places, including cafes,
grills. $45 to $30 and i'ound.
6 bell and el-vator boys, city and country
positions. $15 to $30 and found.
» porters and bedmakers. city and country
positions. $45 to $20 and found. !¦
8« dishwashers, etc.. city and all parts of j
Calfionna. *40 to $25 and found. •
IS boys to learn trades and work In fac-
tories, $<$ to $12 week.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay M.
ARE YtTu~;"6"lNO~F ; Ri:iTPICKING TO-DAY
OB TO-MORROW?. 285 men wanted; any-
body chii do Ihe work; a man or a boy who
can fat fruit can pick fruit.
$1 FEE. $1 FARE.
FRL'IT S37 SO found FRUIT |
PICKING $::0 found. PICKING
TO-DAY? $31 ruund. .TO-DAY?
Some to work about pucklng and dry house*;
ycu can have a good vacation. Go, come t
back with ?M to $1UI>. We ship NORTH,
EAST. SOUTH: also many lo the great win-
Ml'RRAY A READY. 631-C3C Clay st.
SPECIAL — RY— TELKOKAFH
MIDNIGHT — UY— PHONE & LETTER
10 ranch teamsters, different Jobs. $'.'•- to $10
anil found-
VrOLL'MNE COUNTY— FARE PAID.
3V laborers Rrst-clau tumber company, $U0.
ARIZONA- TO-NIGHT.
EUREKA-- HUMl.OLDT— FARE PAID.
32 laborers, big. EoOii lumber company. SOU
to $73.
EL DORADO COUNTY — FARE PAID,
lti more laborers, big lumber trust. $VJ fd.
RESERVOIR WORK.
25 laborers and temrMe'-i 1 , fare $1 M); $67 50.
LOOK!— FARE PAID
"j laborer?, manufactures plant. $H7 7>0.
<i plcw teamster*, blsr ranch. $40 and found.
«M TRACK MEN. NEW WORK. S«7 60.
2 tank coopers, winery. $.'5 50 day.
20 lumber pilc-rF. Santa Cruz County. S','0.
TO FRESNO MOUNTAINS FREE,
;."> laborer*, mills anrt wood?. $tf> lo $S0 fd.
HALF FARE TO CIUCO.
Ifi5 laborer*, teamster*. nxmeriT $75.
NORTHEAST— SOUTH— FREE.
2535 RAILROAD LABORERS. TEAMSTERS
'2 waiters. Eureka, fare paltl $35 fd
Middle-ugrd man. country ftore, $30 fd.
Experienced nail'mr mnrhlne man, city, $75.
POUTH TO-DAY.
25 laborers, pile lumber. $40 found.
« young men. ail lo luniher. free fare. $40 fd.
WAREHOUSE.
12 laborers, fate $1. you'll suit. 53 day.
2 blRokymiih helper*. $2 CO day; 3 black-
smiths. $90.
Blacksmith, vineyard, fare $1 25. $40 found.
Stable, city dray. $15 week; 2 bell boys. 2 '
portera. 520 found.
Roilermakei's helper, country. $2 25 day.
German or Scandinavian choreman, private, \
buggy washer and harness cleaner, country
stable.
Dump cart driver, mine. $15 found.
I'aintfr. Sonoma County. $2 f>0 day.
Man drive milk tvagt>n. assist store. $60.
Rutcher, all-around man. faro $1. $40 found.
Blacksmith, lumber Co.. fare i>al«1. $75 fd.
'. S men. work In beans, fare $1. $60 found.
2 wallers, pame country hotel, fare $1 01). !
S,"0 a nd found.
<'ancly-mnker. Monterey Co* $12 a meek
Best^Places at MURRAY & READY'S.
! Kiggest Wages at 034-U36 Clay Rt.
SPECIAL NOTICE TO-DAY ~
356.1 -POSITIONS NOT ADVERTISED.
.COME SEE. "
MURRAY A READY. CH4-636 Clay st.
WANTED — Gardener; must understand fully
entire work of enro>n and lawn and give
reference as to ability and Industry; good
wages and comfortable home. Address G. B..
3", Ross Poatofflre. Marln County.
WANTED— A gentleman to teach German one
hour in evening and receive In exchange In-
struction In bookkeeping, shorthand. " etc.
Box 1712, Call.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot -form shoes at $2 SO; we pay
einrejs or mail chgs. II Third *I.T Exam. bid.
GOOD barber wanted evenings and Saturday
«nd Sunday. 2S1» Sixteenth si., corner of |
Fclsom.
BARBER for Saturday. 100 Market st.
BARBER for Saturday evening till Sunday
noon at 5321J Third St.
BAR1JKR for Saturday 'and Sunday. 105
Tenth st.
BARBER wanted. 220 Second st.
BARBER shop: 5 chairs: good thing; center
of rlty. Apply Call office.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 21 EaM
street.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 104 Sev-
¦ enth st.. near Mission. ¦ . ¦
WANTED — Barber Saturday afternoon until
Sunday noon. 225Vi Fifth st.
BARBER shop for sale; short hour shop; two
chairs. 127 Clay st.
BARBER for Saturday afternoon and Sunday.
42« Sixth st. ¦
FIRST-CLASS barber for Saturday. 505 Four-
teenth st.. Oakland.
WANTED — A first-class harbsr: $fl for Satur-
day and Sunday. 4.V5 Seventh st.. Oakland.
GOOD shoemaker wanted for repairing:. Apply
235 Scott at., between Halsht and Page.
WANTED— AI man to take care of 2 hrorses.
ArDly 110 Tenth »t.
WANTED— Dishwasher. 10$ Ha ye* st.
BOY wanted nhout IS years, old. Deckelman
Bros.. 10U Ellis *t.
COOK wanted, small restaurant; $35 a month
- and found. 272'J Sutter st.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED— PROF. FRED P. EVANS the fal
mou» ptychlc; stamp for circular. 1112 Eddy
*t., near Octavlai
A— ETHEL CRINDLE. materializing seance-
Friday and Sunday eves.. 50c. 1115 Post st.
KATIE HEUSjSMAN, circle Friday evening.
2Sc; sittings. 1C0O Harrison §t., cor. Sixth.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally,
9:30 to 4; teances Sunday and Thursday.
___________
ATTENTION— $1 $1 ?1 S JT
My recvUr $3 readings this week for
$1 $1 SI $1 SI $1 $1 II
PKOKESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
Tne first rerlstered Trance Clairvoyant and
t*a'raist ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to ir.&ke no charge If I tall to tell you your
name, occupation and what you called for; I
promise to tell you whether husband, wife
cr twe-etheart Is tme or false; I tell you
whom and when you will marry; In fact. I
wiil tell you every hope, fear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; I Improve
your character so that you will reach the
highest possible development In mental vig-
or, health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth, so you will live happy and contented
ih* rest of your life. Mrs— 10 a. m. to 8 p.
- m : Sunday. 2 to 8. 32«— O'Farrell St.— 32C.
MMF. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings acd portrays events to
occur In the future; if you are in trouble, dl«-
eontented or not satisfied In life, or have do-
mestic, lore or business trouble*, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice In ail affairs
of life: 25o up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
lcgs by mail. Tel. Black 4509.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypiy. clairvoyant and
palmUt. permanently located at 1104 Market
tt.. cor. Turk; private readings daily. 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m . ; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, fl:
full life. (5; rend lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. Send postofflce,
We:i»-F«rgo raoney order or registered letter.
A — MME. FORTER. scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sigh?.- tells the past, present and future;
ladies. f>Oc; gents. $1: by cards, palmistry
cr.d clairvoyant sitting: $1 50. 126 Turk «t
Mrs. A. H. Kronenbers. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a pood reading. 10c, for
p. short time only; when others fall try me to
convince jourseif. 4C2 Franklin, near Grove.
MISS ZEMDAFJ. young gifted clalr. and palm.:
lias second sight: a ironderful prophetess;
cives names; L. ,f.Oc: G. $1; X questions by
mall. $2. hrs. 10 tc y. 714 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.
LATEST anirai: Mrr.e. !_a Mar. who predicted
the Oslveeton Gisasier: card reading and
palmistry : 1. SSe. g. 50c; hours 11 a. m. to 9
p. m. Call 1212 fttleaton «.. bet. 8th and 9th.
A — Mrr.e. Ilavcana lead* life, business advice;
names piven: 25c up. 5 4th st. near Market.
MIPS WARD, hljrh psychic medium and palm-
!«t; hours S a. m. to 0 p. m. 413 Mason st.
MME. MARCEAD, clairvoyant card reader;
love, marriage, husines?: 20c. 542 Minna Rt.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
2C-; Kearny. room 20: ladles 23c. gents f>Oc.
MRS. KHAFER. clairvoyant. «-ard reader: xit-
t!r.rs <3a'ly. 44SH Je«sie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
CAHPBT BEATIXG j^'P CI.EAXIXG.
AI", compressed, dry, ice cold, is nuw u'nlver- !
fsIIv used tn sanitarily cleaning carpets, on i
Bow, without removal or Injury: prices mod- I
i-ra«e. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
'LEANING CO. Call bid.: phone Main Z211. i
WHEN you become d:»cus:ed witli your work i
fer.d f7, r BPAULPINC8 Tloneer Carpet-h-at- ;
ins Worka. 335-337 Tehama st.; tel. South 40. ;
CALIFORNIA Can et-beatlrg Co.. J. McQueen. ;
1 rorrietor, 3?9 '.Juerrero ft.; trl. M:s*ion 4:». |
! THY HOPKE BROS.: excellent carpet-beating; I
maitrerses niad» ..\er. 14^' Howar.l ;South 216
ADVANCE Carpet <"i.-ar.:ns Co.. iO2 Gutter *t ; 1
ie!. Main :»4. GKO. WAI.rOM i- CO.. Props, j
Rl'liOLPH & CO.. <-arn?t-v<eatlnB tiork?; prices
; r.able. K'.'^ liarriscn st. ; tel. Mission 1!C;J.
| CONXLIX'S superior Carpet-beating Works, j
j -m OnMen Gat» ai«.; teirphene F.b.t.t 126.
! CHIROPODISTS^
DUNLAP FOOT INPTITfTE, HO Geary^ATl
J aliments of the feet cured: corns, bunlons.etc.
1 DENTISTS. ~~" j
j DR. U'DLCM HILL. 144S Market.nr. Eleventh I
i — Nc charge lor extracting when plates am i
: n.aiie; »>;d plates trace ever like new; teeth 1
ircin ?^ per yet: ex;racnns. 5(>c: gas given, j
A NEW pUu— The V.'haiebone — cannot break:
\»arrant»d 20 yrs.: crown. S:; BO: fllUng*. 60.?;
F'.cit*. *5: fu!l set: all work painters and vat.
»ajiteJ. C'^i.oaro Pfniil Parlorg. 1'4 Sixth tt..
PAKI3 ivnt-i Fa:l(.«. S3S Kearny. cor. Bush—
Set term. 11 50 u t >; crowne, (2 up; filllnK».-5c. 1
GOLD fillings. TRc: silver. :»3c; <-ro»ns. $2; no I
pain: <r»en Dr. P.P.. Hewltt.204 gutter.
10 PER CRNT r,!T thin month: estimates free.
N«w y^.k n-rt^f •••¦» Mif-ton et.. ror. »ith.
uul:ss.maui;ks \Mt m^A-iistiiksses
i McDOU*KLL Dre C En-.oking end Millinery School
— Any ,jnt«rn cu: to rneasure. 101U Marke:.
! ACCORO1OX. fanbain & knife platting. Stew-
art'« button Sr hutt.Mihole factory. 110 Taylor.
IIVIOI.Mji A.\D CLEA.M.\ti.
I SKA bt*eifs cweeten all Karn-.ents, blankets. I
: lac- CUrlaina. etc.. done by the Presidio j
' llel£ht» Dye Works. 'JO\tt Sacramento; phone j
tor WEfOT WVst 4T".. H. HtCKMAN. pres. !
; KULCA'i'ld.NAL.
I A--CALDWELL College oi Oratory. Acting,
'>j)era. and Authorship; lazgest in the West; |
14 teachers; pusitlone Rjiiianwed; fall term
Ij'&ins :»<-pi. 7; day auil rvnuni c-iasa; beautl-
fnl now catalogue free. 1^95 Market, cor. 9th.
i HKALD'S MUSlNliiiS COLLEGE. 24 Tost. S.
K. — Uockkeeping, Fhorthaud. touch typing,
languageF. telegraphy. English branches;
«lay and night sessions, Ulus. cataloeue free.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. V2M Mat-
ket: modern, progressive, practical; estab- I
llrhed 15 years. Gr^cg shorthand, fastest,
easiest, most readable. Actual busine**
bookkeeping; typewriter «t home free.
AYRES. the leading business college, 12£ Mar-
kft «t.; special summer course in ali depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
chip, SAO: day and evening seaglons.
CALIFORNIA Business College, Su5 L«rkln si. !
! "A thorough «<choor' ; positions secured for '
, graduates; motiern n<elho<Js; Individual In- '
i ttructicn. • Write for illustrated calalorue.
HIKMAN'S Academy: a thorough BcbooJ of
danc-ing: established years. 1412 Polk st .
l>fl ween Pine and California; both adult and''
ihlldren'ii class>«»* are now open for the reason.
HKALD'S School of Mines A Klectrlclt.v,24 Po?: !
St.. S. F. : a practical n hcol of engineering; !
i-omplete equipment. Special catalogue Uki. ;
ENl.'IXEr.niNO— Civil, elec.. mln.. mech., sur-
vey. aeaay. cyanide; day. eve.; eat. 18S>4. Van
der Ntdllen School. 11J Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SYSTEM, discipline and results; the Goiden i
Gate Ccmmerclal College. Van Seta and Goi- i
den Oate aves.. S. F ; fills every requirement.
DAKCIXO Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonln Hall. Howard
j *t.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
I SCHOOiroVlLLuiTRATION Day and
I'AnTIXGTON'P. 424 Pine st Night class.
LESSONS given In Water Color of Oil Palnt-
Ings from Nature. CARRIER. .172 Sutter »t.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing
etc. ; day or eve.: S3 mo. 1024 Mlsslon.nr.6th.
Chicaco Buslnes* College. 1435 Market. nr.lOth.
PUtman rhorthand. typing, bookkpr.. $S mn.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES!
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Tost st.: tel. Bush 135 —
Japanese - Chinese employment office; fur-
nlghe«i bf»t help; contracts for farm help. etc.
A--OTtPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnete help. 426 Powell. Tel.' Main 67S2.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office 415
Stockton; tel. Grant I6S; expert, reliable help
CHINESE Employment Office-— Best help at
I.eon Stung's. 41 IV, O'Farrell; tel. Eawt 428. I
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of- !
flee; all kinds help. S15 Stockton; Main 51SS.
CHINESE and Japanese help;'eetab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 040 Clay.
I ¦ M I't.OYMKVr \VA\T15IJ KKMALK.
I NEAT girl Just from Germany, upstairs work,
newing or take care of children, with oppor-
tunity fcr night school; no others need ap-
ply. 2422 Fulton St. ' : : ..:."
A GIRL wishes ceneral housework In small
family of adults. Please call at 34 % Dia-
mond St.. between 17th anj ISth. '
A GERMAN woman wishes washing or house-
work for Monday and Tuesday. Box 1227
Call office. *
NURSERY governess wishes situation; English
French. German; no objection to country Adi
dress box 4190. Call office.
EXPERIENCED nurse for child or invalid; no
objections to leaving city; good references
Box 4105. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER and cashier now employed,
wishes to make change; capable of taking
entire charge of office. Box 122*. Call.
WANTED — By refined American girl, position
as second girl in small family: references
1 Boa 4150. Call.
I HELP WASTED— WALE Cnn -
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT^ AGENCY.
59 Third St., near Call bldg. ; phone Bush 405
NEVADA— FREE FARE— NEVADA. »
200 laborers. Southern Pacific's own work,
new job. $2 a day: SIS board.
We Shin Every Day — Free Fare.
40 section hands, all parts of California.
UKIAH and WILLITS
FREE FARE on CAL. N. W.
7 teamsters and laborers. $2 25 a day.
EUREKA. HL'MBOLDT COUNTY.
FARE ADVANCED.
10 lumber pliers, ?3G anil board.
10 laborers, J35 and board. t ,
FREE FARE.
10 lumber handlers and road graders, $2 a
day and ?40 a month.
5 coal miners. Oregon.
6-foot vein. $1 a ton.
FREE FARE.
Box machine man, city, $2 30 a day.
CITY WORK.
12 laborers," f* hours, J2 25 a day.
Blacksmith, mine, $2 75 a day.
Concrete finisher, city.
4 rough carpenters, f3 6O a day.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 50 Third st.
WANTED— A first-class waiter and elevator
boy. 2ft Stockton et.
"WANTED — First-class fancy good* notion
man to accept poaitlcn In Los Angeles; mu«t
come well recommended; state age, experi-
ence and salary expected. Apply box 41»i,
Call office.
WANTED — Young man who Is thoroughly ex-
perienced In silk ar.d drees goods to go to a
city not far from San FVanclsoo. Apply be-
tween 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BRO8.'
WANTED — Experienced bookkeeper for lum-
ber company's mill office; state experience
In lumber; salary $150 per month. Box 4193,
Call office. -
COMPETENT man to take charsre of a skim-
ming- station and do testing- A. L. LUNDY
CO.. 121-3 Davis St.. San Francisco.
FIRST-CLASS tinner and sheetlron worker;
steady work. S14 Kearny st.
BOY wanted to learn Instrument making; paid
while learning. Call at 309 Clay st.
ARTHUR MILLS— Please call at 1106 Post St.
BOY about 15 years for men's furaJsnlna;
store. 424 Kearny it.
BARBER trade taught free. For particulars
address W. B. C. C47 Commercial St.
WANTED — For the U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and 33;
good character: must speak, read and writ*
English; marines cerve at sea on men-of-war
In all parts of the wcrld. on land In our M«
and possessions, and at naval stations In the
United States. Apply at recruiting office. 10
Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.: 222 Vi N. Mala
St.. Los Angeles, Cel.. and 401 K »t_, Sacra-
mento. Cal.
WANTED— Educated srer.tleman to locate In
Oakland and write short articles for publica-
tion;. $18 per week; no communications an-
swered without references. Box 1720. Call.
MEN to leirn barber trade: only eight weeks
reju!re«1: special ofTer this month; catalogue
and full information mailed free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay «t.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 1UO new rcoma tn the Denver House,
217 Third st.: 2S0 rooms: 23c to 50c per night.
¦WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers.
Apply rco^n 14, 26 Montgomery St.. San
Francisco Construction Company.
WANTED— A f.rst-clars saloon porter at 152
East st.. corner Howard; call early.
SAILOKS and ordinary teamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart at.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullis. room 40. Phelan
bid* Pajt Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
BOYS wanted: good wages: steady work.
Illinois Pacific Glass Co.. 15th and Folsora.
MAN to do janitor work for tuition la S. F.
Rarber School. 741A Howard st.
W INCH ESTER* Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 35c night; reading rooms:
free 'bus and basgagre to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
• price. 563 Mlbslon st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting: 2So
to Me S63 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 3d st*.
ll^t.sKH AAO WAGONS.
SEEKERS after first-ciass broke t>orses read
my advertisement under auction sales, then
come and see these horses. WM. G. LAYNG,
livestock auctioneer. 24fi Third bt. Seats
lor everybody at this sale.
UP.AXD auction sale; all horses, wagona. bar-
n'js. plows, bcrapers ?.n.i ether material be-
leneinjj to Greely & Son. contractors, with-
out reserve. Tuesday. Sept«nb«r 15. 11 a. m..
at stables. 7th, bet. Pt. Lobes and Clement.
ON account of going to build, entire stock ot
wagons, buggies and harness must be sold at
Facrifice. Corner 15th ar.d Valencia sts.
3 GOOD work horse» for want of use. Apply
lumber yard. S.E. corner Alabama and j
i!cntca!m streets.
TOt'NG b'ack mare for' ranch J-J3; two small
mares. $30. 7tt City Hall ave.
FOR SALE— Handsome trap; cheap. Bex 1050
Cnll office.
ONE fine surrey, 4 buggies. 1 pony and 2 pony
calls for sale. 1504 Fo'som st.
* oro-i h<v*>« '"- «»'- '•'•-:«-< .1?: SiVl ••_
Al EXPRESS wagon, ligrht camping wagon
and gc.-art for ynl<- <-hwp. 5.TJ Mlyplon st.
HUUMCK TO LK1. ~~|
A--PR1NTF.D list of houses to let; send fcr c!r-
.•iilar G. H. UMBSEN &. CO.. 14 Montgomery
/ - --, -
A~*HO t> SKS nnd lints to let* Bn Imrnpnsc list ', '
service absolutely free: take advantage of
(his department; H will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 215-251) Geary
fcl., on the square.
SrXN'Y, modern 2-«tory house of 7 room* and '
bp.th; rent $11 50 to good tenant; call on
I premises to-day bet. 0 a. m. and 2 p. m., I
' 307 Kaxton ave.. Irtgleside.
VAN" NEPS ave.. 2U*5. near Pacific ave.—
Modem house. 10 rooms; rent $70.
[ BEFORE moving set our printed list of houses
; to let. BALDWIN &• HOW ELL. '-T> Post *t.
HUt-tfRM TO LKT — Kl'KMSIIED.
OAK. 410 — Elegantly furnished house; 10 rooms
and 2 baths: large garden: grand view.
LOST V.>U ITOI7XD.
LOST — Small yreen enamel cross, on Market
Ft., between Third and Sixth. Return to W.
, II. HOBUHY. 4409 Eighteenth St.; reward. |
EoVr— Hr indie bulldog, whltfl chest: ba.1 on
collar with license No. 30J5. and address
2CC0 Washington; reward.
LOST— Tuesday evening. 10th Inst. black chat-
elaine bag. bunch of key*, rosary beads,
change; reward. <C4 Jessie st.
LOST— On Jones «t.. between Pine and Eddy, a
neck fur. Return to Colonial Hotel and re-
ceive reward. MISS WALLACE.
LOST— Pearl sunburst. Finder return 1228 Mc-
Allister srt.: liberal reward.
LOST — A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San FTancioco In the
name of MARTIN OLSEN. No. 237-S32. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Pearl and opal pin at Sutro Battis
Wednesday morning. Return 500 Sutter st. :
reward. ..-.-'
LOST — Gordon setter dog. name McKlnlev
Return J. H. MILLER. 100 11th st.; reward.
FOUND — A white bull terrier dog. Inquire at
BALDWI N AN NEX. 02S Market St.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch case*.
LOKTS TO LET.
LoPT to lease — «56 Mission "sif.. NW. com«7
or Annie; light loft of 4C00 square feet; pas-
tcsgfr and freight elevator service: will lease
lor a term: tent reasonable. SHAINWALDt
RUCKBEK & CO.. 21S-220 Montgomery st..
»f»l» twining.
~ MEDICAL.
MKS. DK. WVKTH. *t>eciai:st for all female
complaints; instant relief guaranteed; uU
year*' experience; removed to S2« Post st.
MKS. UK. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fa-
male troubles and Irregularities: Instant re*
lief guaranteed. 10ft*Vt Market St.. opp. 3th.
Vlt. O. \V. v O'LONNt;LLr-All who are sick or
in trouble consult this zpeciallst on fema.it
complaints: positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped: the most difficult cases treat-
»d: aJvlre fr»«. Of nee. 101S Market rt.
Di-s. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van New Expert
in obstetrU-s. female complaints; Inst. relief;
treatment $10: hours. 10 to 6; 25 yrs. caper.
MKS. D. ALLEN. Ills* Market— Reliable iadies*
epeciallst; a private home before and during
conflnement: best medical care: low fees.
DR. KOtiEN moved to 29U5 Folsom st. cor.
26th: relief >10: ladles' exclusive offlcs.
IjK. and MKS. DAV1KS and HINDOO HEJtBo;
original method of treatment. 112« Market s*.
DK. NO TOY KEE. 319 Powell »t.. opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herba.
BA\ rnAACtSCO CALL.
BUSIICESS OFFICE oi tb« Ean Francisco
Cal!. com«r Market and Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgom«ry street,
corner Clay; ci-en until- B:SO p. tn.
500 liaye* street; open until »:S0 p. m.
€29 MeAlMrter street; open until 9:30 p. m.
€18 Larkln street; open until 8:S0 p. m.
1541 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
22«1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
CBtll P p. m.
106 S>ven:h etreet; open until 9 p. m.
1C©« Valencia street; cpen until 9 p. m.
Northeast conser Church and Duncan street*;
cpen until • p. m.
North m-eat corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open uctll 9 p. ra.
2300 Fillmore street; oi>cn until 9 p. m. j
CHURCH gCRVICES.^. |
FIRST United Presbyterian Church, corner j
Oolden Gate ave. and Polk st. — Preaching
to-morrow iSa-bbath) at 11 a- in. and 7 p.
m. by tlie jja*tor. H. H. BELL. D. D.
Momlnx theme, "The Ejwventh Conimard-
rr.ent." Evening theme. "Diligence tn Busl- j
r.ees," second tn evening series to business j
men. 6a bbatii -school, »:45 a. m. C. E.
Societies at ft:30 and 6:30 p. m. Strangers
cnrSlsJly Invited to all sen-toes. Pews free.
O»urt«eus uvbers. Oomc and bring your
friends.
MEETIXG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA LcxUe No. 1. T. snd A. •
M. will meet THIS (SATURX>AT) "^ftf
Af'TERNOON. September 13. at 2/V\
o'clock. First 15e«rre«. By order of
the Master. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 8, R. A. M.. B
w::i me«t THIS (SATURDAY) W
BVEKZNCI. Eepteniber 12. at 7:30/V\
o'clock. M. M. Derree. By order of
the H. P. FRANKLIX H. DAY. Sec.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 188. F. and A. B
M. Temple, meets THIS^VVf
WFSISQ. 7 o'clock. 3 D. /?%
GEORGE PBNLJNOTON. Sec.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M. — O
Special meetlnc THIS (SATURDAT)Vy
EVES^IJiG mx 7:30 o'clocJc Second />r\
Degree. By order of the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No.
I 1 O. O. F. — Regular meeting jaiBBdhy.
THJS 'SATURDAY) EVENING. ~J^lSS>J^^
First Oegrre. "*^>SC»* r
W-M. B. CURTIS. U. M.
THE Callforr.ia Debris Commission havln* re-
<.*ived tiiflicatloas to mine by hydraulic
process from C. A. Poa«e. in Phelps Hill
mine, near Waahinston. Nevaia County.
GaL, <!rairtnjr Into Jt?fereon Crrek, which
reaches Souta Tuba River: from Plura&s j
Mines Oatnpax.y, in l':un:as mines, near I
Vlulncy, Plumxs County. Osl., draining into j
fqulrrel Creek, which reaches North Fork of I
Feather River: from Excelsior Hydraulic I
Mining Company, in Excelsior mine, near I
LowaU Hill Nevada Cour.ty. Cal., draining
!rto North rorit Stees Hollow Creek, which
teaches Fteaxher River, fives notice that
rr»*tiT-.«' will be he:d »t ro&m 96. Flood build- I
ir.g, San Francisco, CaJ . September -S, I'JO.l, j
at i :30 v. m.
A WEEK'S np»f for B cents— The Weekly Cail. i
16 races. In wrapper, for tnalllnp. l\ per year.
atWIU KYfc-A'i-LAW.
ADVICE FfiEE. ESTABLISHED Ti TEAKS.
Dl\'orcee s epeclalty. Private. Quick.
NO PAT UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
0. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY AT LAW,
1122 Markt-t et., offices 1, '.', 3, 4 ar.d 8. .
BEWARE OF FRAUDS.
Any one can advertise, but unlees the adver- •
Ucnmit »a>'« "Attorney «t L«»" tre party |
advertislnc I* not a lawyer; don't be fooled.
TT.' ADVICE FREE 1
COLUMBIAN LAW AGENCY
P.m. P5. »1C Mcrket: tel. Red *\1*: bed ten- j
er.tg ejected rpeedily snd reasonably-, collec- j
Cviit attended to: attachments; corporations I
orcanlred: dvtl and «rln:iasl practice.
r.OBT. W. KING. «tty-»t-i»w. Examiner bid.. I
no CU; ail cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation!
free; no advance charges: rail or write; even. J
r?5 by apro'-ntment. Tel. Ked S001. '
a O VICE free — I will advance cost In merltori- !
MSB case*, divorces, probate ar.d all other law j
» k-s do fee* in adxance; open every even- i
1ng- J. M. THUP.STON. 819 Market St.. r. 31. !
I -IV ORC^— Costs $12; quick, quiet; open ma-
rps. 5*27 Market «t., room COL •
L S. CLAHK. Emma Spreckrls bldr-. V'Ji Mar- I
km. «t : ccntuUaU<m fr»e: no f*««lu advance. ;
AITKEN * AITKEN altcrr.eys. re .T09-10-11. |
Ctvnlsi bl.Jg.. SKI California st.; tel. Main 7'.'7. I
ADVICE 'ree; all cases; open evenings. M.
\-. RYAN. t£>n Market Bt.. cor. Stockton.
innus. nous, ktc
fOUKO taiking parrcts.$A each;G«mian slqring
mnsrie*. Si'; we will try to plesse you; every.
tiling In ot;r line at right prices. 1M6 Marke't.
BCSIXKfcS (IIA.\CE«.
R. «. W ILKE,~'2«^~Kearnyt '
f:ytsr!lnh^d 12 years. Real cttate and basi-
nca* cccacy. If :ou r.ant to sell or buy eo
let US'j Krtrny. References. Examiner. ;
••all find Chronicle.
A «1O<, RESTAUUAWT and Jottei: saloon, opp !
IVrrlts bide.: lease: plai-e clearing at least |
$:<(«> r ,fr month. Hee R. G. WILKE "tii>, I
Ifearoy *t.
a.
A FNAP-Must be Bold at once: sixty-room !
corrnr luj«lnr-!iou>e. jieht down in l-eart of i
the vity; only cpened about »ix months and i
evcrythlnc nfw and modern; will be sold for
less than «o»t. Apply In a hurry to room '
HOI. Call building. Third and Market els.
FOIt PALn — Furniture, carpels and rood ill!
ef a new brick apartment-house of 175 rooms
In ilie city"* hwellcM locality: partly furni*hl
•xl and aithoug-h just o[*r.ed. is over ?i«lf
filed with regular tenants already; long
lease: If you want an apartment-house don't
fail to get particulars of this at rooms
1 404 -OS. Call building. "
NEW HOTI-L FOR EALE.
Brand new brick hotel 100 rooms masnlrt-
»^ntly furnished, with the best Rrade of fur-
niture and carpets; located In the heart of
the high-grade residence hotel eectlon on a
•orner and equipped with every modern ho-
tel convenience, such as electric lights elec-
ttic elevatcr. steam heat, phones In
rorm. blliiard-room. erll!room. etc; Ion*
>a*». Apply rooms 1404-03. Ca!l building.
FOR eale- -The HOTEL NKVADA^ a flrat-
class hotel at Reno. Nev.; fine location- sur-
rounded by trees, large law O and doln« good
lniBl»»aaj selling account of poor health.
PARTNER with $200 for mechanical shootlna:
sallery and tall game; novelty. Apply 163
Minna st.
F«R eale— 1-32 interert In larre^jeir echooner"
1 fine Cleveland bicycle cheap. 14 McAllls-
«*t et.. room 16.
MUST be sold to-<Say; comer stationery and xio'-
«lon 'tore, news and cigar stand; branch
aundry; 3 tunny living rooms. 525 Taylor.
WAN'l-ED— Carpet layer to take hsJf Interest
_ " u P hol8tgrtn * shop. 2231 Mission et.
S7(V»- -GROCERY ar.a bar. Apply atTssTireTI
en til st.
BAKEUV— Flcsi location In Itlo Vista- rood
t.*Uer will do well. Address DAN Mc-
iiRAt:UH. Rio Vlsu. Cal.
VX>11 sale^ — Golden Gate Restaurant See Dro-
WnTes frCln S to 7 p ' m - 2° Xl*tb «U: fine
FRTIT More for sale; good paying business,
_2 horses and 2 wagons. Call at 1345 Geary!
rCR MJe cr rent— rully equipped, modern.
P»y1n« bonpltal In Southern California city
Address P. O. box 437. San Bernardino.
FOR sale— Restaurant; cash register; 3 living
rr.oms; receipts <20 per day. 2723 Suiter st.
roil Kale — Cood oyster and chop house 12ti
i->ten:h st.
FOrt eaie_A good xaloon In Oakland. Inquire
H GLOY. 1 Telegraph ave.
t'f>Tt fiALIC — An Inside route on this paper.
Tor partlculai-s apply at office.
A lakery; delicacy: all stor- trade: $23 a day
rrlce $1800; no agents. 715 McAllister st. '
lod<;im;-iiolsks kor sale.
ICO ROOMS'; houie fcr m^rrrTnT^'oTTrTsTowi
BR roo«r.«; south cf Mrrket; rent $100 *»OC0
24 rooms; corner: part cash; bal. easy. MO
1! rooms; good Income; rent $20 850
H rooms; water front; rent $10; lease.. K50
1J0 rooms; rood Icaee; low rent 6S03
67 rmk.; apartments ; Western Add. ;rent 230
Mori' v loaned at 1 per cent
Hotels. ruacthouM*. flats. 5 lo 100 rooms.
EITEL A CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
EIGHT targe rooms en Grant ave For all
rsrticulars Inquire at 216 Sutter st.. naloon
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BANGHAKT A WETER, r
Collectors.
No. 1170 Market it. • ' Room 37.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41S Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. RftSO.
*~ COTTAGES TO LEST.
$1* — 6-ROOM cottage en Cottage row. be*
tween Bush and Suttex kts.. near Webster.
Inquire 2111 >» Bum »t.
•MIPLOY3UE.VT WANTED — FEMALE-
MIDDLE-AGED lady wants employment to do
light housework. Call at 1130A Pacific st.
WANT- ad* and subscriptions taken for The
Call Bt Eaton's Bazaar. C33 McAllister St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscript lon»
received at Call branch office. 2200 Kill more.
EMPLOVMEXT WANTED — MALE.
FIRST-CLASS ecaehman; Swedish: private
family: permanent work: thorough horseman
and driver: fine all-roun<l man: very be»t
city and persona.! reference?. Box 1733. Call.
MAN desires steady place do chores: under-
stand? horses, gardening and housework; Is
reliable, sober: city preferred. Box 1231.
Call office.
BOOKKEEPER, young man. elngl?. speedy,
accurate worker, would like permanent posi-
tion: best reference!". Box 122U. Call office.
UPHOLSTERER and decorator; understands
carpets. «urtalns. shades, mattress; union |
man: wishes steady work, city or country. I
M. H. VAKASION. 463A Minna st.
A MAN who know? < Ity would like to pet po-
Riticn (.riving te&ni or porter in wliolesale
houre: not afraid ot hard work; good refer-
ences. Addren H. E. O.. 6ox 41S5. Call.
STEADY, reliable m««n drslres position; thor-
oughly unw^istands ffrocery and bar trade;
refrrenotsf M.ssion prvf-rred. A. M., 10a(J
V'aleiu-la st.
A CIVIL, engineer's assistant who Is studying
that line of work would like employment;
has Hftved with City Er^incer and can fur-
nish good reference*. Hex 4 IS". Call.
A MARRIED man. with experience as cellar-
man, would like a situation li a whisky
hou*e: vrill 8l\e further details In regards to
work on apj>llc«tlop. Bos 1722. Cail.
BAP.BKR— roreigrner; hjeaks English; can
shavp out lialr; place to finish trade.
Box 4102 Call office.
BAKERS — First-class cake baker and confec-
tioner, eijod on bread, wants situation, city
or country. JONES. 316 Turk st.
ENGINEER (stationary) nislies situation; city
or country: can do own repairs; reference
given. Box 41U. Call.
WANTED — Situation by an experienced mixol-
ogist: Oermun. with best of references. Box
417tS. Call oince.
BY young man as bartender, night or day;
al«o experienced in wholesale and retail gro-
cery bueintsr. Box 4177. Cill office.
j CHINESE first-class 000k: private family or
hoarding-house. Apply CHONCJ WING. 002
Oay it.
A YOUNG .lananese boy n-ants a position to
work as schoolboy. Address 131 Stevenson
j st. MOTODA.
JAPANESE very soo>i boy wants position.
HARRY. S07 Thirteenth St.. near Sterner;
tel. Page 43C3.
CLASSIFIED advertisements snd subicriptlooi
received nt «;ail hranrn ofce. "2 : K> Ktllmor?.
FLA'IS TO LKT.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list:
tervlce absolutely free: take advantace of
this department; it will »ave ycu time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., .MS-23'J Geary
il.. on the Mjuare.
I ZZZIZ
I .
I 2 ELEGANT new Hat«. ('¦ and 7 •¦ooms; rent
f.;o and $:>5. Church and Seventeenth sts.
OAK. 403. cnr. l^agiina— Flat of 4 nice rooms.
St'NNY corner flat. 7 100ms and bath. 214GVa
Market et.
$7 — FLAT: large yard. 7261s Harrison st..
between T^ird and Fourth.
STOCKTON PL.. 22—4 .".atg. 4 rooms and
baths; S2C each.
TO lei — Klat of tour rooms: lS'JT O'Farreil.
j HOOKEIt.*- I.KNT. 14 Vr.nt at.
FLATS FOR SALG3.
A BARGAIN— J42.W. CORNER T,OT. 2 FLATS:
IXlT 2flxlU: 184 CT.IPPER ST. SEB
OW.V3R O:.' PRE1IIKE8.
FLATS TO LET — r'dll.MSHKO.
TO LET— Modern furnished flat. 6 rooms and
bath $T>0 per month. 1027 Fillmore »t.. near
' " McAllister.
FLATS FOrt SALK — KUHMSUBU.
GEARY Furniture of 5 room flat for
tale: Sal for rent; call afternoons.
6 ROOMS: sunny furnished house for *»le
i-heap. Apply :G4 Linden ave.
FLATS WASTED.
WANTED^Rj Octuber T. flat of 3 or 4 con-
venient funny rooms; vjclnity of Van Ness,
Colden t!ate nnd Market st : adults. Address,
stating price, box , 41S9. Call office.
Vti.AI rCiifal FUii *AI,E.
4 ROOMS. J30; call 2 days. 730 Tolsom »t.
FIHMTIRK WAKTKO. .
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
A. I.. STORRS pays highest cash prices furni-
ture, carpets, etc; tel. Uarkln 3&U. 6^4 UI1U.
IIU LI* WASTKl) — KISMALK.
WANTKD--Cook. hotel, city. $40; country.
f*0: kitchen helper, dellcatecsen. $23; 'cook.
2 In family. Han Rafael, $:!•">: 4 German,
tooks. $30, $85; cook and vecond girl, same
liouse, $:<0, cook and dishwasher, small
hotel, country. $30, f-i»; cook, small board -
lriK-h.>use. $30; housework, Suisuu. $30;
housework, Martinez, ill'/, and 40 houaeglrls,
city, Oakland. Aiameda, Berkeley. San Ra-
fael, at Kuud wages. Cail to-day. J. F.
CKOSETT & CO.. 834 Sutter st.
WANTKD-3 parlormaids, $30; 5 second girls,
*2t>. $25: 3 waitresses, family hotels, $20,
J-B; waitress for cafe, $8: fi chambermaids,
amlHt waiting. ?¦_"". $2A. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT &. CO., 334 Sutter st.
WANTED — German governess. $30: 4 nurse-
Cirls fur grown children. $10, $20, $25; 2
iraiiis and seamstresses, $25, {30; 2 second
eirls. assist with children, $2O, and others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter.
A~HbTkirOAZIiTTE, 20 Montgomery, r. 12.
Masseuse for springs, $30 and found; 2 head
waitresses, country, $40.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn ball-dressing,!
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z.
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school In
\V>st. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A— LADIES, learn . all branches hairdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc. ; 123tf Mar-
ket st.. cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish In 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
Tlie bulldog's look Is fierce and
And no one will e'er bother him;
The other dog's more mild of face,
And would be nice about the place.
If you should want a good watch dog,
Or for a farm a Berkshire hog 1 ,
A sheep or goat, a. horse or cow,
; # A Want Ad in The Call put now,
For folks with needs you'll e'er hear say
This paper's ads are sure to pay.500 Alpha Ill 500 Ophir ..165
30.0 I'uMlon 05 500 Overman 22
200 Challenge ... 25 300 Potosi 25
300 Chollar 13 ICO Scg Belcher... (•»
300 Con C & Va.1 53 100 Sierra Nev .. 65
3500 Imperial 04 300 Silver Hill .. 75
300 Exchequer ... 14 '200 Union Con .. 66
600 Julia ........ 04 700 Utah 16
200 Mexican :....l 05* 100 Yellow Jacket 46
1 • Afternoon Session.
600 Gould &. Cur 23 400 Sierra Ner .. 68
400 Con G — .Va.1 BO 300 Exchequer ... 14
100 Savage.. 23 1000 Exchequer ... 15
! 100 Chollar ....... 14 400 Justice ...... C8
400 Potosi 27 50 Union 66
100 Yellow Jacket 51 100 Julia 04
500 Imperial ..... 05 *K> Challenge ...; 27
800 Alpha "... 11 300 Con N Y 18
Following. were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 24 100 Mexican 1 05
* 200 Belcher 25 100 Ophir 1 62»S
. 100 Con C «fc V.I 67% 200 Overman .... 20
: 200 Hale & Norcs 60 300 Seg Belcher... 10
600 Julia 04
Afternoon Session*.
900 Andes 16 100 Ophir .': 1 70 '
' 500 Bullion OC 400.Overman ..... 26
10O Con C 4 Va.1 60 200 Potoei 27
100 Confidence ... 85 1000 Savage ...... 23
600 Crown Point.. 12 500 Sierra Nev .. 67
SCO Crown Point:. 1 13 600 Sierra' Nev .. 6S
600 Exchequer ... 14 300 Silver Hill .. 75
200 Oot;!<1 & Cur 25 200 Union Con . . 67
300 Kentuck 03 300 Union Con .. 6S
. 100 .Mexican 1 05 200 Yellow Jacket 60
200 Mexican ...1 07% 200 Yellow Jacket 49
300 Mexican 1 10
TONQPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yester
day:
Morning Session.
1000 Esperanza ... 04 j
Afternoon Session.
8000 fcsperanza ... 04 200 Paymaster ... 14
600 Mizpah Ex .. 32 200 Ton N Star. 60
800 Mont Ton ...1 00 ¦
'Zt-"i CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
" - ' n't
FRIDAY, Sept. 11—3:30 p. m.
Btd.Ask.| . • BId.Ask
Alpha 10 11 Justice OS 09
Alta 04 06 Kentuck ¦ 02 04
Andes 15 . 1« Lady Wash.. OS
Belcher 28 29 Mexican 1 05 1 10
Best & Belch.l 60 I 65 Occidental ... 35 33
Bullion 06 07 Ophir 165 17a
Caledonia .... 81 85 Overman .... 23 25
Challenge.... 26 23 Potosi 28 27
Chollar 13 15, Savage 23 24
Con C & Va.1 60 1 63;Seg Belcher... 11 12
Confidence ... 86 ¦ 90. Scorpion "..... 02 04
: Con N Y ...'. 17 lSlSierra Ner ..67 70
Crown Point.. 12 14 Silver Hill .. 75 71;
Exchequer ..-. 14 15: St. Loula ....— is
Gould & Cur. 24 25 Syndicate .... — 00
Hale &"Ncrcs. 60 52: Union ....... 67 69
Imperial...... 04 05 Utah ......... 18 17
Julia 04 031 Yellow Jacket S3 85
TONOPAH MINES. . -
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Esperanza ... 03 W Rescue ...... 00 JO
Gipsy Queen. 25 26 Ton Belmon^.l S5 1 tiu
Hannapah ... — 22 Ton Fraction. — 60
Lucky Tom... — -Ctt Ton & G W;. — 05
MacNamara . 10 . 15 Ton of Ner... — 8 0O
Mizpah Ex... 31 _ Ton N Star... 47, SI
Mont Ton.... 98 1 00 Ton Midway.. - 86 45
Paymaster... 13 . U Ton tc S Lake-* — • 45
Pine Grove... — M United Ton. ".. 15. 2w ,
• Auguste Goldtree to Emma Ehrenpfort, lot
on N line of Eddy street, »>8:t> E of Goufth
E 0:3 by N 120, quitclaim deed; $3. '
Henry Besby or Beesley to Jane Besby lot
On S line of Grove street, 137 :« \V of Frank
lin, W 27:0 by S 120; #10.
Agnes Schlefer to Gertrude Rayfleld, lot 'on
W line of Buchanan street. 34:6 N of Kate
N 30:6 by W 00;: $10. . '
George H. and Bessie H. Lent to Jacob II
Stern, lot on"N line of Ellis street Si'U E
of Steiner. E 25, N 112:6, E 25 N 25 W
137:«, S 25. E 87:6, S 112:0; $10.
Martin Meyer to Alice A. Armstrong (wife
of 8. C). lot on N line of Fell street, 1626
E of Devlsadero, E . £5 by N 137:0. quitclaim
deed; fl. . , v
Alice A. and S. C. Armstrong to Edward
L. Butler, same; $10.
Patrick Convery to Annie and Kste-Conr
very and Mary Shields, lot on S line of Post
itrctt. 11)2:6 W of Baker, -W 27:6 by S 137-6*
fittt, .V. .:....
John F. English to Wilbelmine English lot
on N line ot Fell street.. 81 :3 W of JLvon W
25 by N lOOiKlft.: . ,
Mary Lane to Alfred tjrry, ¦ lot on«:W line
of ABhbury street, 242:3 S of Waller S 25
by W 18«:3; $10.
" Rodolphus W. or Rudolphus W. ,and Mary
T. Cofnn to Isabel A. Barrinjrton, Jut on W
line of Guerrero street, 115:6 S of Sixteenth
8 30. W 09, N 2:2%, 42:3. N (5O:O}4 E
35:3%, S 31:6%. E »<J:10; $10.
Elizabeth ' Ward well to Michael and Annie
Swetz, lot on S line of Elizabeth street 178*4
W of Ellen, W 25 by S 114; $10.
Charles H. Hammond • to Amelia A. Cham
beriln (Hammond), lot on NE corner of Army
street and San Jose avenue, E 132:2, N 80
NW 123. SW 18:3%, S 63:0*4, quitclaim
deed; $1. ¦• -- - , - ¦¦ ¦
- Mathelde or Mathilda Rledel to Georglana
"Chandler, lot on- W line of Mason street 40
N of Sacramento. N 40 by W 60; $10.
Associated Property Owners of San Fran
cisco (corporation), to Margaret J. Wall, lot
on N line of Pine street. 137:6 E of Hyde.
N 137:6 by F. 75:6; S10.
Louise Boutet to David and Rose Levy, lot
on S'line of Vallejo street, 87:5% E of Larkin.
E 23:5*4, 8,80. W. 22:11%. N SO. AV 0:1, N 30
$10. ¦ ; ¦
George Hammersmith to Helen C. Magee and
Charlotte A. Curtis, lot -on N corner of Bryant
street and Stanley place. NE 87:6 by NW 100:
$10. . - ' / .' ' •- .' .':. -..;
Gustave C. and ElUabeth Llndauer to Joseph
Buttgcnbach, lot on SE line of Shipley street.
275 SW of Fourth, SW 25 by SE 75; $10.
Solomon Pelser to Flora Kalisky. Bertha, Liz
zie and Solomon Pelser and Fannie Rosenberg
lot on NE line of Sixth street. 90 SB of Mar
ket SE 20 by NE 78. quitclaim deed; 'SI.
- Herman and Louise A. Toelken to Jesse "D.
Hannah, lot on S corner of/ Harrison and Oait
Grove street*.. SW 56 by SE 100; $10.
Oscar R. and Mabel McGee and William N.
Canfleld to JEdmond Becsey. lot on E Ilne%of
Tenth avenue. 275 N o£ I street. N 25 by _
120- $10 - ¦ ¦ . , ¦¦ ,
Continental Bulldinj? and Loan Association
to Edward Zachary, loi 26. block 19. Sunny
elde; $10. \ "¦ " '
Michael Layden to James F. Layden. lot en
SW line of Eleventh avenue, 125 NW of P
street, NW 25 by SW 100, block 226, O'N. and
H. Tract; $10. ....
¦ George, and Kate Ryan to Gustave. A. and
1 1 11 ma J; Pundlof. lot on'NE line of Ryan ave
nue. 25 NW ~> of Peralta Etreet, NW 25 by NE
100 lots 25 and 27, Ryan's subdivision of Po
trerovValley lots 219 to 223; $10. y 1
Same to August and Maria Engberg. lot on
FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 11.
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
/SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales in tho San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning: Session.
Mining Stocks.
PostaJ Device & Imp .... . ....
San Francisco Dry Dock... 47 00- ....
gausallto Land &' Ferry... 16 00
Sperry Flour Company . . . . 2T 50 ' 30 00
Standard Electric .... . IS 00
Truckee Electric 13 50 16 00
Union Sugar 22 50 ....
United. Gas & Electric .:.. 34 50
Western". Fish Co : - ....
1 "¦; -" 5 ; J "'— OFFICIAL. SALES. ;" : ! ' : ,"
Morning- Session. •
Board — . >
400 Starling Oil : 2 70
1000 Monarch OH 55
100 Monarch OH 56
1500 Independence Oil. b 60 18
Street — '
5000 Caribou Oil 110
100 Reed Crude Oil 42 •
1000 Independence Oil IS
Afternoon Session.
' Board — '
100 Sovereign Oil 37
10O Home Oil .....' DO
100 Home Oil 1 a~\i
200 Home Oil, s 30 87^
1000 Occidental Oil 19
1000 Occidental Oil, b 90 20
100 Monarch Oil '. ;.. 58
300 California Standard 11
Continued From Page Eleven.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
. Off stalk. 9 cents per kilo (2 1-5 pounds), c
f. f. Xew York; fine off stalk. 9^%: cents per
kilo. c. J. 1. Xew York;, finest- off .stalk, 10^i
cents per kilo. *c. I, f.vN«w Tork; layers, two
crown, 10% cents' per kilo/ c- I. f- New York;
layers,, three-crown,- 11% cents per kik>; «. i; f.
New York; lajV-rs, four-crown, 12 Vi cents per
kilo. c.i. f. New York. ....._ ,.
J.Lt. Byrne, United States Vice Consul
at Valencia; Spain, has forwarded the
following report concerning Spanish rai
sins, under date of August 17:
The high temperatures and protracted
drought referred to in my last report as threat
ening the otherwise brilliant prospects for a
heavy raisin crop continued all through the lat
ter half of July and first days of August, seri
ously, reducing the total yield of grapes, which
is now estimated to fall short of 500,000 hun
dred-weights, or 25.000 tons, the fruit being
also slightly below the average In size. Open
ing prices are, therefore, exceptionally high.
62 pesetas (about $S 50) per 100 klloa (22O.4
pounds) being to-day's quotation, which gives
the following- average equivalent values In
United States currency:
Falling Off Officially Reported to Be
25,000 Tons.
VALENCIA BAISIN CROP.
Four hundred colonies of the scutellista
have been distributed by J. Thomas of
Monrovia. All persons coincide in the
statement that the black scale has met
his mortal foe. Among those bearing tes
timony are -Horticultural Commissioners
Jeffrey and Strong and Horticultural In
spector C. A. Day. The colonies of the
Bcuiellista are active and thriving at many
Southern California points, at Glendora,
Azusa, Riverside, Santa Ana, Escondldo
Valley, etc.
Alexander Craw, Deputy Horticultural
Commissioner of California, has submitted
an interesting report of the thriving of th a
South African Internal parasite, the scut
ellista-cyanea p which wag imported to
destroy the black scale, one of the most
formidable of all enemies of the olive, the
orange and the lemon. Mr. Craw writes
to Horticultural Commissioner EUwood
Cooper that the South African organism
with the hyphenated name is doing great
"work. The parasite is regularly estab
lished and doing the business it was im
ported for In Montecito. Santa Barbara
County, at Mr. Gillespie's place In Ven
tura County, in lx»s Angeles County, in
the olive grove of W. E. Hughes, a few
miles southwest from the city of Los An
geles, and at other- places in Southern
California. . W, E. Hughes furnished this
testimonial for the scutellista:
¦ I am glad to be able to report that the scu
tellista has made its appearance generally
throughout my orchard, thus proving its ability
to winter successfully in Southern California.
I recrard this as a matter of great importance
to 'the fruit growers of the State, aa it setms
to number the days of the black scale pext.
There can be no doubt as to the ability cf the
scutellista to destroy the black hc:%I« rapidly,
when once it has' been generally distributed
throughout the Infested districts. I desire to
acknowledge my indebtedness for the benefits
which I have derived.
The show will continue until next Mon
day night. Performances are given every
afternoon and evening. That the resi
dents of this city appreciate the excel
lence of the circus is evidenced by tha
tremendous crowds that nil the tent at
each performance.
It Is worth the price of admission to
see the daring John Rooney double somer
sault off one horse's back onto another.
The trained seals are almost human in
their feats. Gonaro and Theol do some
odd contortions and are heartily applaud
ed. Forty clowns keep the spectators in
a merry mood by their funny cupers.
Probably the most interesting thing in
the entire circus is the collection of an
imals. Zebras, rhinoceroses, monkeys,
gnus, leopards, lions, tigers and a score
of other animals gaze out of cages at tho
moving crowds. The most attractive caga
is that which contains the tigress and
her young. The mother guards her young
with jealous care and no one dares ga
near.
"Gee whir, dis Is der best s howl e vet
seed In me life," murmured the small boy
as he munched popcorn and gazed with
wide open eyes at RJngllngs' tnre,e-rlnseii
circus last night The little fellow tried
to watch three \rings at one time and
strained his eyes before half the lengthy
programme- was presented. His experi
ence was not unlike that of thousands of
others who crowded the .'immense . tent.
Every ring had Its quota of clever per
formers and the platforms and 'arena
were filled with funny . clowns and per
forming animals. For more ' than two
hours the spectators were amused by the
marvelous sights presented. The big tenc
echoed with laughter and applause, and
every one but the man who could not
get in was content. - ;V." .
RlngUngs' circus has many features.
In fact; It Is all features. There is nut
an uninteresting minute during the per
formance, and the spectator wonders
what is coming next. He does not have
to wonder long, as the ringmaster signals
with his whistle and in a moment the
arena Is filled with other performers. The
acts are short, but excellent.
Bug With Hyphenated Name
Is Killing Foe of Cit
3>r'v rus Fruits.
Forty Clowns and New
Features Thrill Old
and Young.
Craw Reports the South
African Parasite a
• } Success. . ...
Monster Tent Is Taxed
to Its Utmost
Capacity. .
FIND DESTROYER
OF BLACK SCALE
John A. and Lucy McCarl to Robert P.
Howe, lot on S line of Thirty-seventh street.
172 E of Market, S 109.19, E 26.42. N 109.48.
W 34.57. portion plat 37, Kellersberger's map
Rancho V. andvD. Peralta, Oakland; $10.
Heron-Holcomb Co. (a corporation) to P. E.
Bowles, lot on W line of Jackson street, 120 N
of Twelfth, N 80 by W 150, lots 15 to 17, and
portion lots 12 to 14 and 18, block A70, KeKers
berger's map, Oakland; $15,000.
Herman and A. Granz (wife) to Emil H.
Granz. lot 8, block A, property Berkeley Home
stead Association. Berkeley; gift.
Hubert Judge (widower) to Leah F. Mott
(single), lot on SW corner of Eighteenth street
and Alameda avenue. S 150 by W 131, block 4,
map Bartlett 50-acre tract, Encinal Station,
Alameda: $10. .- .. ,\ ... i',;;u- .:
Duncan McDuffle (single) to Lueile Eave«
(single). lot on E line of College avenue. 40.20
N of Russell street, N 40 by E 120, block A,
map University Villa Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Mitchell Johnson (by James Mason, attor
ney) to Xora Avery Tompkins, lot on S line of
Durant avenue. 300 E of Telegraph avenue,
E 60 by S 130. block 10. property College
Homestead Association. Berkeley; $100.
.James Bell .to Jerome C. Ford, lot on S line
of Dwight way, 477.33 E" of Its intersection
with B line of plat 61. E 156 by S-250, portion
plat 56, map Rancho V? and D. Peralta,
Berkeley; $10.
'• Addle F. and Henry Menge to American
Bonding Company of Baltimore, lot 7. Bray
Tract, to secure bond of $1000, Brooklyn Town
ship; $1000. ;
Margaret E. and E. G. Maxwell to. I. L.
Saxton lot on N line of Saratoga avenue 160
W of Orchard street, W 40 by N 120. loi 12,
block A. amended map Moss Tract. Brooklyn
Township; $10. ' " ' . -• -¦*>..*
Stephen H.. Andrew W. and -Elizabeth Cul
ver, Grace C. Hlnman. Elsie F.. Whitlock and
Emma • Blackman to Emma S. Booth, lot on
W corner of East Twenty-third street and
Orange Grove avenue, NW 37:6 by SW 110.24,
lot 13 and portion lot 14. block C. map -sub
divisions of Heald Twenty-thlrd-avenue Tract,
Brooklyn Township: $10.
Reginald and Lilla K. Mills to S. P. Har
der, lot on N line of B street, 250 E o*
Grand E 50 by N 150. lot 7. block 102. map
No. 1 of portion Meek Tract, Haywarda, • Eden
Township: $10.
Mary Hayes (single) to Mary Sophia Snow,
lot on NE corner of Maple street' and Telegraph
avenue. E 130. N 100. E 25. N 50, W to Tele
graph avenue. S 155.85 to beginning, lots 1 to
6. block R. of portion . Roberts &
Wolfskin Tract, Oakland: $10.
Edson B. and Elizabeth E. Spltler to Lizzie
E. and . George T. Watson, lot on E line of
Henry street. 80 S of Vine. S 40 by E 1.J5.
portion lot 3. block S, Graves and Taylor
Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Mae E. and George F. Hardy to E. P. Van
dercook Co. (a corporation),, lot on E line of
Willow street. 25:7 N of Pacific, N 50 by E
74:3, lots 2 and 3. block 466. Gibbons property
at Oakland Point. Oakland: $10.
Mary E. Alexander and Sarah L.-- Stunner to
E. L. B. McClelian, lot on NE corner of
Talcott and Irving avenues. NE 145.25. SE
33.34. SW 123.91. W. 39.58, lot 18. map re
subdivlsion Corley" Tract. Oakland; $10.
Charles E. and Emma M. Batdorf to Mrs.
A. H. Patty, lot on N line of Berkeley way.
00 E of Mllvla street. E 45 by N 136.69, lot
9. Mock 2, map survey 1949 for J. L. Clapp,
subject to portion of plat 97, etc., Berkeley;
$10..
Bertha K. Welsshand (Kriske) to Flora E.
Bowers, lot on NE corner of Ellsworth and
Parker streets. N 44:10 by E 90,- block R.
Leonard Tract, Berkeley; $10.
C. and Alma Leidecker (wife) to .Frank
Johnson, lot on W corner of Putnam and Bas
sett streets, NW 50, SW 82.1, SE 60.72, NE
90.72, lots 5 and G, block 751, map Syndicate
Investment Company's subdivision of blocks
751, etc.," Levy and Lane • Tract. Frultvale,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Nik Ernie (single) to Kmlly G. Coulter, lot
on N line of Fifth avenue', 236.57 Eof Elm.
street, E 60, N 126.40, W 60, S 126.10, lot :
267 and portion of lot 268, map -of Madison
Square, Elmhurst, etc., Brooklyn Township;
$10. - ' • ¦ ¦
Annie F. and 'Walter E. Logan to J. J. Mee
han. lot 40. block B, map Fruitvale Villa
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.- ; *
Albert S. Woodbridge to same, lot 41, block
B, same' map, Brooklyn Township; $10.
D. A. and Matilda Godfrey (wife) to John
Young (single), lot on E line of Willow street,
70 N of Encinal avenue (since widened),' N-35
by B '100; portion of lots 1= and 2 In W-half
of block E, map property -Pioneer Homestead
Association, Alameda; $10."" _. ."..-'
William and Rose Henkel (wife) to Anna
H. Schwartz (widow), lot on NE corner of
Santa Clara avenue (since widened to 80 feet)
and Walnut street, E 75 by N 145, portion of
lots 1 and 2, block 34, map lands adjacent to
Encinal. Alameda; $10. . .
Charles L. and Olga Barrett (wife) to Hu
bert Judge (widower), lot on SW corner of
Eighteenth' street and Alameda avenue; S 150
by W 131, block 4. map Bartlett 60-Acre Tract,
Encinal station,., Alameda; $10. •. ;
George H. Porep to Agatha Porep, undi
vided half interest in lot on S line of Railroad
avenue, 150 W of Walnut street. W 50 by S
217:8, lot 13, block 23, lands adjacent to En
cinal, Alameda; $10.
A. F. and Maybelle H. Cornwall to E. P.
Vandercook Co. (a corporation),- lot. on -NW
line of Erie street, ' 100 NE of Cottage; ' NE
100 by NW 100, Jets «9 and 70, map. Oakland
Prospect Homestead, also lot on N corner ¦ of
Cottage and Ohio streets, NW 150, NE 100. SE
T>0, NE 200. NW 100. NE 50, SE 100, SW 50.
SE 100. SW 300 to beginning, lots 74, 79. 88
to 93. same map: also lot on S corner of Ohio
and Prince streets. SW 153:9. SE 60:1. NW
163:9, ' NW to beginning, lot 100, same map,
also lot on SE line of Ohio street, 100 SW of
Prince or Chamber, SW 39:9, SE 09.90 to cen
ter of small creek or gulch, NW to point
which would be Intersected by a line drawn
through point at beginning and at right angle
to SE line Ohio street, NW 60 to beginning,
.portion lot .99, same map. Oakland: $10.
Delia Hanratty 'or Hanratta to Dwight
Hutchinson (single), lot on S line of Falrvlew
or Sixty-sixth street, 324.S3 from W Telegraph
avenue, said nolnt forming- also W line land
conveyed to first party, 536 D. 33, thence SE
120, SW 25, NW 120, portion Vicente Peralta
Reservation. Oakland: $10.
S Same to Rasmus Peterson, lot on S lino of
Vernon or First avenue. 649.55 from its inter
section with E line of College avenue and S
169 by E 110. lots 69 and 60. map Rosa Lawn
Park. Oakland Township; $10.
August and Johanna M. Rohrweber (wife) to
Elmus A. Chappell, lot on SW corner of For
ty-fifth or Wallace avenue' and Salem street.
W 137. S 228.65. E 137.55. N 213.75. Oakland
Township; $10.
QUfctav A.. . Greub - to John A. Haselbacher,
lot on N ' line of Kent street. 97 E of Tremont.
B 47 by N 100. lot 8, block H. amended map
portion Newbury Tract- Berkeley; $10.-
Edward D. and Helen Harmon (wife) (and
as attorney) to Benjamin C. J. and Frances
Finr.ey (wife), lot on S line of Tyler street.
CO W. of Calais, W 50 by S 135, lot 21. block
J. map subdivision blocks I. J and. L, Har
mon Tract, Berkeley; $10,
L. W. and Myrtle E. Foss (wife) to W. H.
Melsome. lot on E line of West or Grove
street. 260 S of Gllman or Berryman. S CO by,
B 135. portion lot 6. block 17. property Berke
ley Villa Association. Berkeley; $10.
F. H. and Fannie M. Lawton (wife) to M.
Salira Austin, lot on N line of Vine street,
45 W of Spruce. N'100 by W 40. portion lots
37 to- 40. block 2. resubdivislon of portion plat
of T. M. Antlsell's map Villa Lots at Berke
ley, Berkeley; $10.
Laura' C. and R. M. Fitzgerald (husband)
to Winifred Perry (wife of R. A.), lot on N
lino of Second avenue, 028.51 E of College ave
nue, etc. N 279 E 200, . N 224, E 139.4. S
503. W 336.61. to beginning, lots 22 to 33 and
48 to 50. map Rose Lawn Park, Oakland Town
ship; $10.
Alameda County.
Juliet J. Mezes (owner) with S. A. Born
(contractor), architects Skldmore & Schropfer —
All work for 2 two-story attic and basement
frame buildings commencing at a point 50 ¦ N
from NW corner of Green and Flllmore streets,
N 60 by W CO; $0980.
I . - Joseph and Jacob Weissbeln (owners) with
John M. Olsen (contractor), architect .
'All Work for a 7-room frame cottage on S line
of Twenty-second street^ between Hoffman ave
; nue and Dougtess street, lot 37. Heyman Tract;
$2200.
I Same owners with same contractor, architect
. Same for a 5-room frame, cottage on
8 line of Twenty-second street, between Hoff
man avenue and Douglass street, lot 36, Hey
; man Tract; J1900. - "' ¦ ' -
: Samuel O. Meyer (owner) with Mallory _
i Swenson (contractors), architect A. J. Kosby
— All work except mantels and gas chandeliers
for a 3-story and basement frame building
I (store and' flats), commencing* at a point 1(XJ
I NB from corner of Geary • and ' Larkin streets,
N 17:3 on Larkin by E.6O; $S295. -'
O. E. and Emma Sohl (ownert) with G. J.
' Doering (contractor and architect) — All work
except painting, cement sidewalks and window
shades *for- a 1%-story and basement frame
building on E line of Vermont Btreet. 100 S
of Twenty-second. S 25 by E 100; $2000.
SW line or Ryan avenue. 120 NW of Peralta,
NW 25 by SW 85 lot 8, George Ryan's sub
divisions 219 to 223; |10.
Thomas M. Rea to S. Ducas Company (a cor
poration), lot on SW line of San Bruno street.
152 SE of Kelton, SE 42 by SW 120, block 3,
University Mound; $500.
Hanorla and Patrick Broderlck to Louis L.
Bondeli, lot on NW line of Mission street. 128:6
NE of Twenty-ninth, NE 45 by NW 200. lots
25 and 26, Tiffany and Dean Tract; $10.
Emma Hale and Clara King (wife of Wil
liam H.):to Clara Sylva^ lot on SW line of
Eighth avenue. 150 NW of H street. NW 75 by
SW 100, block 61, South San Francisco Home
'stead; $10. -
" Clara Sylva to Jens Anderson, same; $500.
* , Builders' Contracts.
JUST THE THING
IS THE CIRCUS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, BJfirTEMBBR 12, 1903.
13
Will close on September 24/
1903,. and all holders . of Atlas
Coupons are requested to pre-
sent tiiem immediately, as this
.great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at. The
Call's premium rates will be
brought to a close on Septem-
ber' 24. ¦'. ' . ¦¦' ¦ - ¦ '. ¦ ¦¦ ¦¦¦ '¦¦
THE CAXL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
1792. 1903
STATEMENT
OF THE—
CONDITION AND AT FAIB3
Insurance Company
OF NORTH .AMERICA
(FOUNDED A. ' D. 1792)
OP PHILADELPHIA, IN THE STATE OP
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decent*
ber. A. D. 1U02, and for the year ending ' on
that day. as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant; ti
the provisions of Sections 610 and Ml of th«
Political Code, condensed- as per blank fur-
nished by tbe Commissioner.
Capital 12,000,000 00
Amqunt of Capital Stock- paid up . -
in Cash ...,,.... 3,000.000 CO
- » - ASSETS.
ReaT Estate: owned br Company.. $725300 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 1,130,997 29
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. 0,701,750 CO
Amount of Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds, Stocks and
other marketabre securities as
collateral » I.. 821.400 00
Cash In Company's Office ...'.... 10,307 »'!»
Cash in Banks 1,147.103 25
Interest due and accrued on
Bonds and Mortgages 7,627 30
Premiums In due Course of Col-
lection OSri.5.32 44
Bills receivable, not Matured,
taken for Fire and Marine
Risks M.059 10
Book accounts due company 4,2tii 88
Oue from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid 5!)0 57
Total Assets V ;$1O.«OM83 50
LIABILITIES.
Loom adjusted and unpaid |11S,669 27
Losses in process of Adjustment
or In Suspense BOD. 612 70
Losses resisted. Including ' ex-
penses ¦ t 43. 713 03
Gross orejniums on Fire Risks
running one year J>r less. $.1,-
277.077 35; reinsurance 50 per
cent 1, eSS. OSS 69
Gross oremiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year. . .
$3,908,409 29; reinsurance pro
rata 2.008.453 23
Gross premiums on Marine Time .
¦Risks, $ ; reinsurance 50
per cent , 362.119 00
Amount reclalmable by the In-
sured on perpetual fire insur- '
ance policies 769,411 W
Cash dividends remaining unpaid 60 CO
Due and accrued for salaries,
rent, etc 4B.34* ft*
All other liabilities ' ¦ 60.433 58
Total Liabilities ............ ?3.713.994*Bd
INCOME. r ~ t
Net cash actually received for
Fire premiums (1,891.334 49
Net cash actually receKred • for
Marine premiums 1,859,619 "S
Received for Interest on Bonds. ...
and Mortgages . 70,043 43
Received for interest and divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loans
and front all other sources 237. *49 *.'?
Received for Rants -42,644 44.
Received from all other sources.. Gil, 521 21
Total Income ..i 17.415.713 17
EXPENDITCnES. .. ::„
Net amount paid for Fire Losses $2,523,417 53
Net amount paid for Marine -
Losses 1.C17.S53 4t
Dividends to Stockholders i ' 559.940 00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 1,312,634 64
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other - , -
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 394.212 2t
Paid for State, National and
Local taxes 139,37900
AH other payments and expendl- ¦ •
tures • • 373.6J3 64
Total Expenditures $8,44.<t.0St S3
- - • 1 ¦ Fire. •' » : "" Marine.
Losses Incurred
during the year.$2.707,917 53 . $1.130.833 41
Risks and Premiums.! Fire Rlaka.l Premiums.
Ntt amount of Risks ¦
written during the i
year $594.679. 472!S6.203. 041 37
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year ... 56D.711.S43 a.S6f>.7«3 42
Net amount In force
December 81. 1902- 617.467.I36l 7.270.478 64
Mar. : Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of -Risks ,-.>-•¦•*;
written during the
year $302,600,703 $2,133,363 21
-Net amount of Risks - .. - . « ¦,-.. i^.tt
expired during the -•.•-"»•"
year 391.330.11S 2.133.437 48
Net amount In force ' %
December 31. 1OO2. - 6.505.614 362.119 CO
T~< CHARLES PLATT. Pres't.
. GREVILLE E. FRYER. Sec'y.
. Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 16th
day of January. 1903. .
RICH'D. H. REILLT. Notary Public.
buses Paid Since Organization, $111,857,074.87
JAMES D, BAILEY,. General Agent
412 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. E|
CEO. H. MURDOCK & SON, City.Ajents
1 SPECIAL NOTICES. '
NOTICE is hereby given, that the Transfer
Books fir ihe transfer of stock of Tbe Bank
cf California will be closed September 15.
1903. at :' o'clock p. m.. and will reopen on
i-"rld»y. October 2, 1903. By order of tbe
Beard. of Directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
September 3, 1903.
DR. A. E. NEUMEISTER. Surgeon— Special
attention given to medical and surgical dis-
eases of women, diseases of th*. liver ptom-
ach and bowels. 51.1-14 Ftarr King bldjr..
J-l Geary rt. : tel. Private Exchange 21C.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured: new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 gutter st.
STL'TTEKIXG AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE System School. Van Ness and
Market: positive cure for all. Don't delay.
MAERIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterdaj 1 :
Charles L. Becker, 31, San Jose, and Belle
Charles, 28, San Jose.
Martin Barbir.. 32. 242 Clementina street,
and Annie Batica. 29, 242 Clementina street.
Carlos Broock. 22, 439 Third street, and
Marie Prete, IS, 1.1 Scott place.
Robert W. •. Campbell, 24, Orovllie, and Au-
gusta 12. Well?, 23. Oroville.
William J. Graves. 46. 103 Grove •treet. and
Edith E. London. 38, St. John, New-. Bruns-
wick.
Josef Lemacher. 28. Colma, and Mina
Echwelghausser, 25, Colma
"William S. Skinner, 30. city, and Rilla Lee.
2S, city.
Mllo J. Andersen, 30, 1500 Dolores street,
and A. Blanche Thiel, 18, 229 Day etreet..
Adolph B. Henning. 22. 2217 Howard street,
and Hedwlg Weiss. 19. 1133 Tennessee street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAQES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. Theymust.be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BRUGUIERE— In this city, September 6, 1903,
to the wife of P. S. Brugulere, a son. ¦
KELLY— In this city. September 8, 1903, to
the wife of Robert C. Kelly, a. eon.
______
MARTIN— STEALEY— In this city. September
0, 1903, by the Rev.' William K. Guthrie,
pastor of First Presbyterian Church, Jesse
C. Martin Jr. and Ethel Stealey, both of San
Francisco.
TIMMS — DIBBLE— In this city. September 10.
1003, by the Rev. Frederick A. "Doane, Harry
C. Tlmms of San Francisco and Maud Dib-
ble of ToDeka, Kans. . ' " £
DIED.
Bergin. Annabella Knox, Elmer
Bergln, James Lafferty, Mary
Boardman, Matilda Lambert, Mary
Bruggeman, Mrs. M. | Levy, Setta J. -
Clark, Isabella D. May, Ann
Cole. Alfred J. Melletz. Helena
Cooley, Mary Moulin, James B.
Coulter, Catherine Phillips, Jacob
Downey, John Poppe, Carl
East, Bertha K. no, Catherine
Ford, Catherine Roberts, Margaret
Gallagher, Nancy Russell, Dora L.
Hofmeier, Peter Steele, William.
Kamlade, Mamie Strom, Adel • ¦
Kerrell, Albert D. Warner. John W.
Kiernan, Bridget Weiss. Johanna
BERGIN— In this city. September 9, 1903, An-
nabella, beloved wife of Michael Bergin,
mother of John and Theresa R. Bergln,
daughter of James and Elizabeth Allen, and
si.ner of Mrs. N. Peder»on. Mrs. G. Belzek
Theresa. James, Joseph and John Allen and
the late Mrs. Elizabeth. Mack, a native of
San Francisco, aged- 2S years 8 months and
• 2 days.
(T7*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 430 Harriet . «treet. thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church for services &U
12 o'clock. Interment Holy Cros* Ceme-
tery. A requiem high .mass will be cele-
brated at St. Charles Borromeo's Church
Monday, September 14, for the repose of her
soul at 1 y o'clock. Friends and acquaint-
ances are respectfully Invited to attend.
BERGIN — In this city, September 10. 1003,
" James, beloved uon of "Wineifred and- the late
John Bergln, and brother ot Michael and
John Bergin, Mrs. M.' NeaJon and Mra. Cath-
erine Helmer, a native ot San Francisco,
aged l'J years and 4 months.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-"
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11:30 o'clock, from his, mother's
residence, 2200 Sixteenth .street, between Po-
trero and Bryant avenues, thence -to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church for services at
; 12 o'clock. Intermit Holy Cross Cemetery.'
A requiem high mass will be celebrated at
St. Charles Borromeo's Church Monday, Sep-
tember 14, for the repose of his soul, . at 3
o'clock. Friends and acouaintances are re-
spectfully invited to attend.
BOARDMAN— In Camp Meeker, September 3.
l»03, Matilda Estelle. beloved daughter of
John H. and Ellen Boardman, and - sister of
Mrs. O. C. Zlnnsand Mrs. L. E. Ensign, a
native of San Francisco, aged 28 yeara.
(CyFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, September 12. 1903. at 10:30
o'clock, at the residence of her parents, 2521
Van Ness avenue, thence by electric funeral
car from the corner of Eighteenth and Guer-
rero streets at 11:30 o'clock. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BRUGGEMAN— In Frultvale. at the German
Altenhcim, Mrs. Marianne Bruggeman, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 72 years 3 months and
21 days.
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Saturday), at " 2 o'clock, at the
.German Altenheim, Frultvale. Cremation at
the Oakland Crematorium.
CLARK— In this city, September 10, 1903, Isa-
bella D. Clark, a native of California.
E7 Funeral Saturday mornlns. September
12, at 11 o'clock, from the Occidental Hotel.
CpLE— In this city, September 10. 1903, Al-
\fred Joseph Cole, beloved son of Joseph A.
and Mary Cole, a native of San Francisco,
aged 7 days.
COOLEY — In this city, September 10, 1003.
Mary, beloved wife of the late Michael Coo-
ley, sister of the late James Reid, ar.d aunt
of Vincent and Henry Reid, Mrs. John Ma-
theson and Mrs. Mary Poggl, a native of
Fermanagh, Ireland, aged 71 years.
OTrifn.is and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 7 Morris avenue, between Fifth
and Sixth streets, off Harrison, thence to
St. Rose's Church, where a requiem hljrh
• mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 0 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
COULTER— In this city, September 11, 1003.
Catherine, dearly beloved wife of Alfred
CoulteT. daughter of Michael and Kate Kane,
and eister of Daniel and Joseph Kane, a na-
tive of San FrancisCo, aged 28 years,
CThe remains are at the parlors of the
Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission street. No-
tice of funeral hereafter. ¦ ¦ . .
DOWNEY — In this city," September 10, 1903,
John Downey, beloved son of Edward and
Catherine Downey, a native of Ireland, aged
04 years 2 months and 17 days.. .
ITS' Friends and. acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
September 13, 1003, at 10 o'clock, from
Charles J. B. Metzler's undertaking pailorf,
638 Washington etreet. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
EAST — In this city, September 11. 1903, Ber-
tha East, beloved mother of Marvin and
" Burnice East, daushter of Mrs. Nettle Lo-
gan (formerly Mra. Nettle Howe), and sis-
ter of Mrs. B. F. . Schell, W. G. Harden,
Ernest Howe and Mrs. C. L. White, a na-
tive of California, aged 23 years 2 months
.and 8 days. ••-¦
C7*Remains at the residence of. her sister,
Mrs. . B. F. Schell. 1216 Mission - street.- be-
tween Eighth and Ninth. Funeral notice
hereafter.
FORD— In this city. September 10. 1003, Cath-
erine Ford, dearly beloved wife of Thomas
Ford, and mother of Delia, Patrick, John
and Ellen McCloskey and Jamea and Honour
Ford, Mrs. S. J. dl Vecchlo^and the- late
Thomas J. McCloskey, a native of County
Longford, Ireland, aged 43 yeara 1 month
and 8 days. 1
CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 407A Octavla street, thence to
Sacred Heart Church, where a requiem high
- maws -will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
QALLAGHER— In this city, September 11,
1903. Nancy, relict of the late Thomas H
Gal lasher, beloved mother of Mrs. J, D.
Powers, Thomas H. and William J. . Gal-
lagher and the late Mrs. E. J. Reynolds,
and sister of Mrs. Ed Rooney, Arthur Kear-
ney and the late John ¦ Kearney, a native of
County Down, Ireland, aged 65 years 9
' months and 10 days.
C7 Remains at the funeral parlors of Mc-
Ginn Bros., 224-226 McAllister street.- :
HOFMEIER — In this city, September 11, 1903,
Peter, dearly ¦ beloved husband of Margare-
the Hofmeier, • and father of Christine Mar-
garethe Hofmeier, a native of Hessen-Darm-
stadt, Germany, aged 38 years 3 months and
23 days. '
KAMLADE— In' this city. September 10. 1003.
Mamie, beloved wife- of Fred Kamlade I Jr
mother of Madeline, Raymond. Mildred and
the late Milton Kamlade, . dearly belovea
daughter of Bridget and the late Patrick
' Culltnan. and sister of Maggie, James and
Amelia Cullinan, a native of San Francisco.
(Virginia City • papers please copy.)
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
* fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of her mother, 110 Gilbert street. v. Inter-
ment Holy Crew Cemetery. . •
KERRELL— -Entered into rest, September 10.
IPO;!. Albert Daw. beloved husband of Mar-
garet Daw Kerrell, and father of Amy D.
and Albert G. D..' Kerrell and Mrs. W. W.
Topping, a native of England, aged C2 year*
4 months and 4 days.
¦CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at 1 o : clock, from Mission Masonic Temple,.
Mission street, between' Twenty-second artdr
Twenty-thlrd, tinder the auspices of Cali-
fornia Lodge No, 1, F. and A. M. Inter--
ment private. Remains at the funeral par-»
lore ot Bunker &. Lunt, -WAi Mission street.
Mission Masonic I Temple, .. between Twenty-^
Hfcond and Twenty-third streets. : I
KIERNAN— In this city, September 10, 1003,
Bridget- Klernan, a native of County Cavan,
Ireland.' aged 1 Cl years. ~ '
inyThe funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday).' at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden, -_cBreartj'..& Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth. 1
Interment Holy CroBs Cemetery.. by 11 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
KNOX— In this city, .September 11, 1003, El-
mer, beloved son, of O.~jf. and Mary Knox,
and brother of Luther, Napoleon and Louisa
Knox, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year 3 months and 19 days.
LAFFERTY—In Stockton, September 4, 1003,
Mary", beloved wife of James Lafferty. and
mother of John F. and Michael J. _iflferty.
a native of Ireland, aged 54 years.: (Den-
; ver. Colo., papers pleasa c6py.)
ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the 'funeral to-day
(Saturday), upon the arrival of the Stock-
ton train at First street and Broadway, Oak-
land, at 3:37 o'clock. Irijerment St. Mary's
Cemetery. Oakland.
LAMBERT — In the City and County Hospital,
September 11. 1903, Jtary Lambert, a na-
tive of Wyoming, aged 35 years.
LEVY— in this city. September 11, 1003, Setta
- J., relict of the lato Jacob Levy, and beloved
mother of Fred H. Levy. . Mrs. William
Goldstein, Mrs. Sam Well, Mrs. Henry Cahen
•and Mrs. Joseph Welssbein, a native of Kas-
tel. Germany, aged $57 years 10 months and
1 days. (Ban Jose papers please copy.)
(nyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at l>:30 o'clock, from
her late residence, 1721 Pacific avenue. In-
terment Home of Peace Cemetery, by train
leaving Third and Townsend. streets at .11
o'clock. Please omit flowers.
MAY — In Elmhurst, September 10, 1903, Ann
May. a native of Ireland, aged 65 years.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-day
.(Saturday), at 7:30 o'clock, from the parlors
•of Carew & English, 29 Van . Ness avenue,
thence to St. Dominic's Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 8
. o'clock.; Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MELLETZ--In this city, September 11. 1903,
Helena Melletz, beloved mother of,, Adolph
Melletz and Mrs. Lizzie Blangy, a native of
Germany, aged 70 years 7 months and T
days.
E7"Funeral and interment private. Please
* omit flowers.
¦ MOULIN" — In this city. September 11/ 190J,
James B. Moulin, beloved father of Louis
D. and Henry L. Moulin, a native of France,
" aged 74 years and 14 days. A member of
Spartan Lodge No. 36. A. O. V. W.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
•" fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
. at 11 o'clock, from the funeral parlors of
Porter & "White, 423 Golden Gate avenue.
.Funeral under the auspices of Spartan Lodge
No. 86, A. O. U. W. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
PHILLIPS— In this city, September 11. 1903,
Jacob Phillips, brother of the late Michael
Phillips, late of Idaho City, a native of
Qermahy, aged 74 years.
POPPE — At Sherman Island, September 9,
1903,' Carl Poppe, beloved son of Hans and
. Annie Poppe, and brother of John. Edward
and Christina Poppe, a native of California,
aged 23 years 5 months and 14 days.
BiyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to -attend the funeral Sunday,
September 13, 1903, at 2 o'clock, from
Charles J. B. Metzler's undertaking parlors,
C36 Washington street. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
RENO— In this city, September 11, 1903, Cath-
erine Reno, beloved mother of William 'G..
Joseph S. and the late Peter J. Reno, and
sister of William Farrell, a native of Hali-
fax, Nova Scotia, aged 79 years 5 months
and 1O days.
(CRemains at the parlors » of ; MoFadden,
McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
ROBERTS — In ¦ ' Douglas Flat. Calaveras
County, September 4. 1903, Margaret. . wife
of the late D. E. Roberts, and mother of
. Owen and Dr. D. E. Roberta. Mrs. -Willis
I Dunbar, Mrs. Klser Marsh and Mrs. -Wal-
lace Gibson, a native of Wales, aged 71
years and 8 months. ,- . , ,' ' ¦
RUSSELL— In this city, September 11/ 1303.
Dora Love Russell, youngest and. - beloved
daughter of Henry and Kdora .Rufaell, and
• ¦ eister of Nervella. Rosle.-Genvera and Laricy
Russell, a native of San- Francisco, -aged 2
months and 22 days. . • •
STEELE— In this city, September 10. 1903,
William, beloved son of Thomas and Han-
nah Stcele. and brother of Daniel. Thomas,
Eddies .and . John Stcele and Mrs. James
Kelly; a native of San Francisco, aced 21
years.
ICTThe funeral will ! take plate to-day
. (Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
• McFadrten, McBrearty & Green", 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth.
STROM— In Alameda. September 11. 1903, Adel
Strom, beloved- wife of Mr. C. V. Strom,
mother of Victor A., Carl and Alma Strom,
and Bister- Of Mrs. J. Carlson and Mr. Axel
Landregren, a native of Sweden, aged 40
years 5 months and 28 days. • ¦; ; - ?
• tn?' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited' to attend the funeral services
Sunday,, September 13, 1903, at 2 o'clock, at
her late' residence, 1179 Regent street. In-
terment, Mountain View Cemetery.
WARNER— In Napa, Cal., September 10, 1903,
John William, beloved husband of Hilda
Warner, and father ot Charlotte and Alice
Victoria Warner, a native of London. Eng-
land, aged 48 years 6 months and 4 days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, September 13, 1003, at 1:30 o'clock,
at the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate
Undertaking Company, 2475 Mission street
near Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by carriage.
WEISS — In this city, September 9, 1903, Jo-
hanna Weiss, beloved mother of Benjamin
J., George W., Frederick arid the late Henry
C. Lahusen, Mrs. F. Peppin. Mrs. J. "Wilson.
Mrs. J. Reed and Mrs. C. T. Smith, a native
of Germany, aged 60 years 4 months and 27
days.
E7"B'i lends and acquaintances are respect-
fully' Invited to attend the funeral to»day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 6Vi Alemany street, off Seventeenth
between Church and Dolores. Interment Cy-
• press Lawn Cemetery.
PERSONALS. I
WANT_r>_i mT ne<llateJy. information of th*
whwtAbouU cf the f>on-in-iaw of the late
J AM Eb; WATSON. WATSON who was the
ap<>m fen- the sale of v. hale oils, died at St.
Mary s 'Hoc-oial. San Francisco, about ten
>?ar* arro. The rresent address of his son-
in-law -whose name is not known here) is
urgently 'required by ANTONIO SILVIERA,
Monterey. Cal.
A -, J -' ACl - ?^ HLEMlSHEi* KEMOVEI).
__u__* yeIlow aod nabby t-kin. birthmarks.
«na..p,.* pminss and fcc&rs scientifically re-
Vjoyd without cutting, massage, electricity cr
jn"diunrf ; eptcial «Ji_mor.*traticns this week.
* all cr write Dr. L. WILLIAMS. 371 G*ar>.
£P -^£ I . Al ~" 1 * < '? uc ' ed for the month only, home
.rntmfat .that ycu can use at your own
f,?P 1 *',,," 1cm ' )Vln * »nnklts. tan. freckles, leav-
ing tklz. dtJgr and etnootb; to be had only at
•¦wi ?.V?-. C *- Ual1 or *" r 'te M. ELLA HARRIS.
*_M O I arrefrl et.
THE Stv Hajtr Remedy restores rray hair, im-
l^ VM lts & T wth - s ' o r*sfjlling.c-«re« dandru.T
ano Uch'.nir'. «ca:p; no stain cr stickiness;
ceanses eea.ifr>: at druggists', hairdresser*' ;ac_
cept no subffltute. Star RfmedyCo..3S5Geary.
IK ALFRED AlTCHESON TRACEY will com-
munirate nitti the undersigned he will learn
to\ his advantage. R. C. aT-
WOOD. P. Q.\bcx 225.',. San Francisco. Cal.
Jv%OT licw cheap, (but how good is the motto of
the manufaotuV-ers of the Rapid Kotary
•"¦tanrtMrd. the tje-vingr-raachine of to-day. J.
". EVANS, aujcnt. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 15 Vvcars' experience, cures per-
manently morclline. cocaine habit. Call or
»4dr*-«8 Central 1 Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
foraer gutter «t J , fee moderate.
— IDDLn-AGED |j«it!fman would like to meet
* tnlddle-a^ed lifdy obj«*ct matrimony. Box
1233. Call office^
HAIKDRESSING ir\ ail branches taught: $5 for
2 weeks. Up-to-ipate HalrdreEsinf Parlors,
1026 Market Ft.. Voom 1. upstairs.
DXKCING Tupfdss . Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday cvenines I at Teutorjia Hall. Howard
«t.. near Ninth: ii nanacement Prof. Foster.
AT Ws than c*ft. *:ni ailed fcr cults, overcoats
and trousers, at (THARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market t-t.
THE hiFhe*t p--ie<> 1 paid for ladies' or gents'
rait-orr cl.rthlng V r ' d *" articles of value at
WEPCBCBtrB. l: :4A Ellis tt.
iXEGANT suits oaVasy installments; 50 cents
ar.d vs per weeiic. LEON LEMOS. 1_7
Market et.. betweeY 1 Seventh and Eighth.
THE best r'»c<> to buy good umbrellas or
have them Vovgred of" repaired Is 120 Stockton.
ALLTtyleThairdresEln g 25c; hair goods; tnani-
cirlng. 25c. G. LEyJEKER, 123 Stockton st.
TAILOR-MADE tult \*7 50; dress pants $2 SO
Mlrr.t Clothinp Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont. j
- — • 1
H'PERFLt'OL'S heir and moles removed by J
tlcctrc neodle. I>r.&: lrs.Trav* rs«?.1170 Market
MASQUERADE cosrui nes. play books. wIks,
country orders GOL3 JSTE1N & CO.. 733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'S Frypti; in Henr.a restores cray
hair to its natural co'. or; $1; at all druggists'.
Superduous hair and 1 molea removed with elec-
trlc r.e«-<*Ie Mrs. & Miss- Eaten. 1113 Satter.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
*<i rme>«. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
* PHYSICIANS AAD SURGEONS.
X>R. C. C O'DONNEI L — Office and residence.
1021-. Market Ft.. b< |-t. Sixth and Seventh.
BLOOD, skin and reel al diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1073H Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WO S'G HIM. herb doctor:
treats all diseases r»f the human body; for
part four years «t 1115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at CrT CHary i^t.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHT, 1 ruccessor to Dr. Li Po
Tal. herb doctor; curies all diseases of human
by i»j>* of hp-rbsend/tcas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the fartfious herb doctor — All di«-
rtwt cured by Chirjefe herbs. 74G-8 Clay st.
nOOMS FOR OiOUSEKECPIXG.
AXTLERsT^lS Turk) Bt.— Strictly modern; 4-5
rocm apartnu-Ms; f).ir. or unfur. for hsk; 7.
Bl'CH>XAN, 1S41 — U runny furnished rooms;
biitri; gag and eoal^ ranges; porch.
FOURTH. 22T> — L'.jrhlf housekeeping rooms; also
Kinxle rooms. »
Fl'LTOX. 231— Twli furnished housekeeping
rons; gas range, ( grate.
•OOLDEN GATE, 13*04— Larce room for house-
ket-ping; $S. 1 - , ¦
HERBERT (The) / — Bunny - apartments for
housekeeping; pa's ranges; just newly fur-
PlEhed. I M0 Poltk 6t.
HOWARD. 71fl>4— 1 JouEekeeping rooms, three;
twe beds, resp»-ctJ lUle, no transients.
HOWARD. 10G3 — 2f fjrny connecting front
housekeeping roory#; otherfc.
MIPFION. 10CJ— Nicely furnished t-uites, com-
plete fcr housekpep other rooms f 1 50 wk. up.
N ATOM A 701 — 2 latge housekeeping rooms; no
children. \
OAK. 117 — F"urnishqd front rulte: gas range,
hot bath, laundry^ adult; |9-$14.
ET. JAMES. McAllister and Lacuna— Furnish -
ed sunr.y suite wijth separate sonny kitchen;
ras range; all cornplete for housekeeping;
>15 up. I
THE GiU^pie. 113 Nifnth st. — Nicely furnished
roams, fl 50 to $3 • per week; phone; -quiet.
CLASSIFIED ¦dvertisAments and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH efflce for, Call advertlseirents and
rcbecrlpticns has be^en established at l09i
Valencia «t. '
It OO MS TO LET — -Korn. and Unfnra.
A HANDSOMELY frrnlshed. sunsy bay-win-
dow room In private residence, four blocka
from P»rk entrance., and within easy walk-
lr.» dU_nce cf AfCJiated Colleges, $15; also
<arge unfurnished room with pri\'ate en-
trance: gentlemen only. Address box 1705,
Call office ' ,
*A — BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth — Rooms
25c to $1 per night, tl 25 to $5 per week and
licht bou*eke*pin« rooms; open all night.
AT 'The Almonte," S73 Market st. <or No. 1
F"ifth st.) — Rooms 25c. 50c $1 (1 50 night;
$1 M to $10 week; hom* open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market— (old No. 13C4)— Fur-
nlsn*>d rocms. euites. single- ; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— El e-rantly
fcrnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EIGHTH. 10*4 — Bay-window front room for
man and wife cr 2 gentlemen.
ELLIS. 637— Nicely furnished front room; pri-
vate family.
GRAND Southern. 7th and -Mlsrlcn — Rooms &0o
to $1 60 night; 12 to S3 week; reading-room.
HAIGHT, 11SS — Sunay furnished room; gas
and bath.
HOTEL GRATSTONE
66 Grary Et. ; phone Bush S80.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
. furnished suites, with baths ar.il singles.
JESSIE. 3C3. near U. S. Mint— Furnished room,
(5; large one. 2 beds. $10.
LARKIN. S04 — Sunny front room; grate ar.d
Fas; suitable for gentleman; $7.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
office*; elevator; elec lights; day. week. mo.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandesc-nt lights.
reading-roons. emoking-room and ladles' par-
• lor: rooms per night. 35c to $1 60; week. $2
to $S; month. SS to $3O; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
EHOTWELL, 18—1 small frcnt room, $5; I
large rear, 57; both sunny; gas.
ET. JAMES. McAllister and Lamina— Front
runny rooms; all new; very cheap; teleprona
Page S7S1. ¦¦
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy st.. near Market—
400 single and family rooms; S5c to ?1 nixht:
$1 75 to $6 week; elevator; electric liK'H*;
reading-room; free bus and ba^sace.
VALENCIA. 133 — Sunny 'urr.tfhtd front room:
"svttable fcr I: jras; batri: ijhone: f~.
WINCHESTER H ote 1. 44 3d St.. near Market—
>lo«t ccnwtmt and respectable: 700 rooms;
39c t« :•: 50 night: $2 to $8 week; elevator;
. If r. !;pht«; reading-room: free bus: baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and rubscriptlons
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call aCverttsemeifls «nd
FubscrfptlcRs has been established at * 1096
YsWrU ft.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
STEVENSON Mansion. &07 California, st. — At-
tractive and Mt'litly rooms; best table and
tervice; lowest rates. •
VAN NESS ave.. 1714— Private boardinff-house,
home like, everything first class; sum.y
suites: Elr.cle rooms; choice locality: ref.
DOOM and board, double. f5 per week; single
$C: parlor: bath; phone. 806 McAllister st.
THE LAKE. 2CS Turk— Nicely furnished
rooms with board.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
10 parct. in wrapper, for malllny. >1 per year.
TYPE WRITERS AXD 8UPPL.I—S.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPEWBfrEBS~W«
m:!1 better machines for less cvoney than nn7
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
K-chance. M6 California: telephone Main -03.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 eacb: Ket par-
ticulars. L. h M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
somery ft.
' 2D-HAND tyr^w-rlters sold, rented, repaired.
V. ..Liter Typewriter inepec Co.. 2W» Sansome.
nEAL KSTATE — CITY — FOR, S ALB.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
REAL KSTATE AGENTS,
3 Montsomery st.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOTS.
$20,000— North coiner on Jackson St., CO ft.
front, with extra larce depth to Pre-
sidio wall; fine view of the Presidio
and bay.
17.700 — Ncrth Bide* of street running back to
Presidio wall, 50 It. front by 170 ft.
deep; fine vfew of Presidio and bay.
?G,000 — East corner on Pacific ave. locking
Into Presidio; nearly 35 ft. front by 85
ft. deep.
?6,000 — On Pacific ave.. looking into Pre-
sidio, ¦with fine view of bay near Cen-
tral ave.; 30 ft. front by full depth.
|5,000 — North side Washington Bt., close to
fine houses. 25x127:8, with magnificent
view.
$4,500 — Pacific ave.. 33 ft. front, looking Into
Presidio; a cheap buiMin-? lot. ,
FINE PROSPECTIVE BUYS.
$50,000— Sutter-st. corner, close to Jones, with
4-story frame buildins; rents f-i.ni. but
can be Increased.
$45,000— Market on business street In Western
Addition; nearly 70 ft. front by 133 ft.
deep, with exceptionally well-built
building.
$43,000— Turk Bt., north side, close to Market;
old Improvements bring in $105 a
month; new Improvements would pay
handsomely. ¦ ' ,
$41,000 — Lorkln-tt. corner; under lease; good
building; i>ermanent tenant.
$37.500 — Geary st.. not far from St- Franclrf
Hotel; a fine buy for the near future.
537,000— CO ft front, with old frame improve-
ments; in best diFtrict north of Market
and weat of Powell.
$55,000 — Mason St., not far from Ellis.
?31,000 — Polk St.: fine 3-story building; always
rented; rents $180.
$30,000 — Gear}' St., not far from Powell.
$25.000 — Rents $204 50; nearly 05 ft. on Mont-
gomery ave. through to another main
street.
$25,000— Sutter St.; over 40 ft. front with two
good buildinjrs; splendid income now/
• ! with excellent prospect of higher rente
¦ in near future.
$22.500 — Rents .$115: ¦ L&rkln-st. investment;
pood 3-story building, with only 2 ten-
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
D. COFFIN & CO.. pioneer real estate agents
of the Mission, will sell you for $100 down
and J20 per month for cottage, 5 r. and b.,
at 26th and Castro sts. ; $500 down and $25
per month for new cottage, 5 r. and b., on
Preclta ave.: $1500 down for 2 new flats,
Army st. P. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission.
A BARGAIN— $4250; CORNER LOT. 2
FLATS; LOT 25x114; 1S4 CLIPPER ST.
SEE OWNER ON PREMISES.
NEAT cottage with modern improvements;
terms same as paying rent. Apply owner,
lumber yard. S.E. corner Alabama and Montr
calm streets.
A TWO-STORY house of 6 rooms and bath, gas
ar.d water; modern improvements; grand ma-
rlr.e view; on Putro HeirrhtB, near Cliff
I House. Apply 410 Forty-flfth ave.
S FLATS, 5 rooms and bath each; Ban Jose
ave.; renting low for $47 50; no agents. See
owner, 3506 Twenty-fourth st.
FOR sale — House 8 rms.; high basement; sunny
side 10th, bet. Valencia and Mission;, no reas.
offer refused. Stephens & Co.. Un'.on-sq: Mkt.
MARKET and Dolores — 75xS0 feet, unim-
proved. See owner's sign on -premises.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
REAL ESTATE Conn try — For Sale.
A DESIRABLE country home at Walnut Creek.
Contra Costa County, California; five lots, 50
xl40 each: house with 3 bedrooms, kitchen.
pantry, china closet. waEhroorhs, bathroom,
etc.; hot and cold water In house; two well*,
windmill with 5000-gallon/ tank; chicken-
house. 5 \-arieties of grapes, 2 fig trees. 4
plums. 5 apples, 4 pears, V12 English walnuts
'bearing). 22 softshell almonds, 50 English
walnuts to graft this ye4r, large variety of
flowers and nice lawn; brfrn holds 40 tons of
hay and 6 horses; price $4200. - -
W. J. MORTIMER & CO .
2123 Center st.. Berkeley. Cal.
A GREAT bargain; 120 acres of foothill land;
new four-room house, barn, chicken houses;
all kinds of wagons, horses and cattle,
; chickens, incubators, household furniture;
sulphur spring; 15 acres plow land; 3 acres
: vineyard: plenty pasture; young fruit trees;
all fenced; plenty timber; gold mine ad-
joinir.K 40; 3Vi miles from Glen Ellen Cal ;
price $2500. G. LITTIG. Glen Ellen.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO. 64S
M&rkPt rt.
POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
WATER frcnt lots and bargains: all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417/Parrott blrig.
I^ A1 ' TlTE >ro EAXHASGE.
i OWNER of choice Berkeley real estate would
like- to exchange for some In this city. Ad-
1 dross box 414S, Call office.
j — — — — — — — — ¦ — — . .—___¦ —___, — ¦___—,
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
JUST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOr!
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
train and schools; only J2S50; lot 75x125.
Nice 5-room cottage end bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
Tfi. Grand 141 «. 1500 Park St.. Alameda.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 -ROADWAY.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
SUNNY rooms with gas and bath; reasonable-
beard if desired; also elegant suite of parlors.'
furnished or unfurnished, suitable for doctor
or denttet; central. 871 Adeline st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for. bargains In furnl-
turg. H. Schellhaas. 11th st..cor.store.Oaklnd.
BTORAGM AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage St. Van Co.; furniture
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 726-
731 Howard st., near Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-UODOLPH Storage & Moving Co. ofl
flee Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
COX KLIN'S storage — Furnjtui# and icerchain-
fllse. 333 Goldfii C.aiv n\c; ijhone East 126.
GOLDEN VI'mi -Hir.raue; advances made; 840
_ yfarion «t.. ttl. Howard 041. F. W^Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
CKKINS Vt6 and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.: tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
PROFO?ALS. '.
PROPOSALS' — Bids Wanted— Notice Is here-
by given that sealed proposal* will be - re-
ceived by the board of directors of- the Vet-
erans' Home of California, at its office room
13. 820 Sansome Etreet. San . Francisco up
to 12 o'clock m. on MONDAY, September 14
1003. for furnishing and delivering materials
and furnishings for tbe new hospital at tha
Veterans' Home, Napa. County. Cal. (rail-
road station Yourstvlllc). Specifications for
above may be seen and examined at tbe of-
fice of the board of directors between the
hours of 9-a. m. and S p. m. each week day.
. Money for payment on contracts will be
available Immediately after January 1, 1904.
Preference will be given to goods manufac-
tured in this State, price, fitness and qual-
ity being equal, under the provisions of sec-
tion 3247 of the Political Code. The board
reserve* the right to reject any or all bids,
and to order any quantity, over or under ths
amount specified. Address JOHN F. SHEE-
HAN. Secretary cT the Board of : Directors
of the Veterans' Home of California, room
13 320 Sansome street. San Francisco. Cal.
By order of the board of directors. . JOHN
F. SHEEHAN. Secretary.-
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Sept. 12. 1303.— Seal-
ed proposals. In triplicate, will be received
here until 11 o'clock a. m.. September 22,
1U03. and then opened for .construction of
frame buildings for lavatories, additions' to
officers' quarters, plumbing, etc.; at Depot
of Recruit Instruction. Presidio of San Fran-
cisco. Cal.' Government "reserves' right to re-
ject or accept any or all bids In whole or la
part. Information furnished on 'application
to C. A. Devol.' Quartermaster. Chief Q. 21. ,SCENE AT . THE
STATE FLORAL. SOCIETY'S
DAHLIA EXHIBIT.' ,. ¦.'.'¦ '-'.&
Fine half-tone printing:; not cheap but well
executed. Mysell-Rolllns, 22 Clay. Main 0051. *
The Mission Park Association held an
enthusiastic meeting last night at Na
tive Sons' Hall on Seventeenth street.
Addresses were made by many prominent
residents of. the dlctrlct favoring the pro
posed new public park. The committee
in charge reports favorably on the project
and the club members hope to win a de
cisive victory at the coming bond elec
tion.
Working for Public Park.
IMso's Cure for Consumption has cured coughs
for forty years. It Is still on the market. *
mentioa
Dahlias — R. Lichtenberg, certificate of men
tion. - ...
Dahlias — Mrs. Ellen C. Coursen, special men
tion, i
Marigold dahlias — Luther Burbank, special
mention.
Cactus dahlia seedlings — Certificate /of merit.
Luther Burbank.
Dahlias — Mrs. Fenton, ' special mention.
The success of the flower show was due
to the efforts of the folio wine members*
of 'special committees:
Arrangements — Mrs. J. R. Martin, chair
man; Mrs. O. D. Wheeler, secretary; Mrs. W.
S. Chandler and R. Lichtenberg.
Reception — Mrs. O. D. Baldwin, Mrs. E F.
Adams, Mrs. E. S. Crane. Mrs. John Hlnkel
Mrs. Catherine Hlttell. Mrs. E. S. Howard
Mrs. V. Morris. Mrs. M. - J. •Parollne. Mrs K
Probert, Mrs. Grace Hibbard, Miss Alice East
wood.
B.F.Stoll. dentist: Haight & Masonic av*
Rose Laraer, a widow who lived at 207
Langton street, and who was burned
while lighting a coal 5 oil stove last
Wednesday, died yesterday morning in
Mount Zion Hospital.
Dies of Her Injuries.
H.WELCKER'S fine ROOSEVELT MARCH,
for political campaign or two-step dance; full of
"go." 331 Pine st., or loading music stores. • •
; D. M. Richards, Bertha Eisenberg and
Albert Eisenberg are made executors
without bonds. .,./.*
The estate is valued at about $60,000
and consists of business property here
and In Munich, Bavaria, -where Eisenberg
was temporarily residing at time of his
death.
His niece, Therese Eisenberg of Berke
ley, is left $200, and Adelheid Hirsh of
Berkeley receives $200.
The will of Isldor Eisenberg was filed
for probate yesterday. He leaves half hTs
real estate and half his stock to his wife
Bertha, the remaining half of his real es
tate and half of his stock to his son Al
bert. '&A-3'i
Provides Well for His Family.
1. T needed only the wavering flight of
glided butterfly or the dash of a ruby
humming bird to complete the scene
ot -rich' floral beauty, at the dahlia show
Siven by. the California State Floral
Society , In its rooms at Elks". Hall, yes
terday afternoon. Blooms there were In
abundance— a riotous color scheme of
reds.gold and tawny tints of every varia
tion in shading. - From petal clusters the
size of a full blown chrysanthemum down
to the modest- blush of a first season's
seedling-, thousands of blossoms lent their
delicate coloring to the grand scheme of
tints which emblazoned the interior of the
hall with their glory.
It was the nfteenth anniversary of the
founding of the society which was signal
ized with such an emblematical display.
To the summons of the society for speci
mens of their handiwork flower fanciers
and gardeners from all of the gar
dens about the bay responded i with
the . especial prides of the garden
plats. Blossoms ; . which . represented
patient experirments in cross fertilization
continued over many years were brought
to show themselves in all their weird
grandeur. The expert work of Luther
; Burbank of Santa Rosa, the wizard of
horticulture, was ¦ displayed before the
throngs who flocked to - see the floral
wealth. The following fanciers had ex
hibits: R. Lichtenberg, Dr. C. A. Fugler,
F. A. Miller. F. A. Carlson. Mrs. O. D.
Baldwin, J. Leedham, Crocker Estate of
which J. W. Bagge is gardener, Golden
Gate Park. ;•: ;• •
During the afternoon an orchestra liv
ened the hours with music and the spe
cial feature of- the programme in the
shape of an address by Professor Emory
Smith upon the history and aims of the
society was delivered. Then the award
of prizes was announced as. follows:
General collection of dahlias — Crocker estate
gold medal; J. W. Leedham, sliver medal.
Cactus dahlias— George A. Pope, silrer medal
for best twelve varieties and society ribbon for
best elx varieties.
Decorative dahlias — George A. Pope, silver
medal for best twelve varieties and society rib
bon for best six varieties. •
Fancy dahlias— George A. Pope, silver medal
for beet twelve varieties and society ribbon for
best Fix varieties...
Pompon dahlias — George A. Pope, silver med
al for best twelve varieties. : .
General collection — Golden Gate Park, special
mention.
Coleas and dahlias— F. A. Miller, special
The members of the San Francisco
Grutli Verein held a social at Union
Square Hall last evening, when the prizes
of the annual prize shooting, which took
place at Schuetzen Park last Sunday,
were* distributed. The prizes were
awarded as follows:
Honorary tar*«i£-A'-, Rahwyler 70, A. Gehret
6S, A. Stud«r QSTa*. von Wyl 68, O. R. Hau
ser SS. F. Bautngartner 67, Theo. Slmmen 65.
E Defellppls 63.; F. Werlen 62. J. Schubll 62.
iJ-Hauser 6O.-.-E. Suter. 5», O. Imdort 58.
Charles Muller .52. O.. Bonadmer 47. A. Ho«n>r
47. G. Gfeller 43, A. Gysin 34, J. Leutenegger
30 • .
Bullseye — First prize, E. Defelippis S3 points:
second prize, A. Rahwyler 233; third prize. K.
Werten. 3(53: fourth prize. A. Studer. " 464;
fifth prize, O. R- Hauser. 549; sixth prize, Al
Gehret. 664; seventh prize. A. von Wyl. 736.
First red flag on honorary, A. Studer: first
ied flag on point target, A. von Wyl: last red
fla«t on honorary. O. Imdorf; last red flag on
point tarpet. Theo. Slmmen.
Best tickets — A. Gehret. 333 points; A. Stu
der, 332; F. BaumEartner. 322; A. von Wyl.
316.
Winners of the point target — A. Studer, O.
H. Hauser, A. Gehret. F. Baumgartner, E.
DefellppW. Theo. Simmen, F. Werlen. F.
Thierbach, A. von Wyl, O. Imdorf, J. Schubli.
O. Brctner. P. Kolander, L. Hauser and F.
Suter.
Prizes for most ¦ red flags — A. Gehret.
Members of San Francisco Grutli
Verein Receive Honors at So
cial Gathering.
DISTRIBUTE PRIZES TO
MANY CLEVER MARKSMEN
The Republicans are . working ener
getically and., will open their municipal
convention in the* Alhambra Theater on
Tuesday evening next.
The Union Labor party will hold an
other session the latter part of next week.
A. ,W. Wehe Is making a strong fight
for the nomination for County Clerk. He
has the indorsement of a few districts.
John J. Gleason of the Olympic Club is
also, in the field and is giving his op
ponents a hard battle.
The Iroquols Club will hold a bulls
head breakfast in Ferndale Canyon,
Larkspur, to-morrow. Speeches will be
delivered by James V. Coleman, Judge
James G. Maguire, William. M. Cannon
and others. There will .be -.dancing and
other festivities. All the Iroquois clubs
of the State will be represented.
The Iroquois Club has Issued a circular
signed by Max Popper. M. Gilbert Dex
ter and Dr. Charles J. R. Butler, con
demning the 'State Board of Equalization
In not assessing railroad property within
its jurisdiction. The circular states that
R. H. Beamer and W. H. Alford ignored
the Democratic platform when consider
ing the assessment to be placed on this
class . of. property.' .
There will be a meeting of Democrats
in the California Hotel to-night. All dele
gates who are members of the Demo
cratic League have been invited and a
caucus will be held.
Both factions of the Democracy are bat
tling for the chairmanship of the coming
Democratic Municipal Convention, which
will be held in Native Sons" Hall on Mon
day evening. The McNab' element favors
Thomas \V. Hickey for chairman and
the "Horse and Carts" want Joseph
O'Donnell for chairman. If Hickey Is
made chairman the "Horse and Carts"
Intend to nominate Gavin McNab for
every office on the ticket. The "Horse
and Carts" boast of possessing, all the
orators and they promise speeches for all
occasions.
BOTH FACTIONS
WANT CHAIRMAN
Irving A. Cooke was granted a divorce
yesterday from .Florence G. Cooke, and
Margaret • McDermott was divorced from
William S. McDennott and allowed to
use her maiden name, Margaret Williams.
Katherlne Wrlston Beard asks a divorce
from George Ira Beard en the ground of
desertion.
Mary.Lawson asks to be divorced from
David Lawson, claiming: as reason that
the has been cruelly treated. ; She wants
the court to give her charge of her little
daughter. Jennie, whom the father, she
states, has spirited away to parts ' un
known. She would also retain the cus
tody of her baby. John, who is at present
In her poEseEsion.
Marguerite D. Smith . aska to be sepa
rated from Louis A. Smith on the ground
cf cruelty. She wants to resume her
maiden 1 name. Marguerite D. Sinclair.
Julietta M. T. Allison seeks to be set
free from Herbert S. Allison, giving as
her reasons that he has deserted- her.
She wants the custody of her child, Agnes
Julia Allison. • -
Mary Sagehorn wants to be divorced
from Henry V. Sagehorn because she al
leges he' associates with dissolute women.
Ehe wants the guardianship of • her two
little girls, Grace and Ruth. She also
wants the family furniture and $30 a
month "alimony. - ¦
Llllle Rose asks for a divorce from
Isaac L. Rope on the grounds of cruelty.
She alleges he called her low names, and
once, in the dead of night, drove her out
of the house. She was bo terrified that
Ehe fled to a neighbor for protection. She
wants to resume her maiden name of
LJllie Sandrock.
Herbert Root 'seeks a divorce from
Georgia Root. His allegations are many
and cover several pages of closely type
written legal cap. The main charge is
that of cruelty In various forms. He al
leges that the defendant refuses to have
anything to do with him, but wants him
to get away and leave her alone.
He alleges that she kept taunting Bim
with the fact that he was living in de
fendant's house, which was her private
property, and that he had no right there
and ought to pet out. He also claims that
when the servant left she refused to cook
the dinner and when he cooked it him
self 6he refused to eat it.
The climax seems to have been reached
when she called him a cur, liar and
shrimp and added to her word pictures
the statement that "Little men never did
have any sense." He states he has al
ways been a true and devoted husband
and has always provided for the defend
ant to the best of his ability, but through
her constant Ill-treatment relations have
become so strained that he is forced to
ask for a legal reparation.
RELATES STORY
OF MARTIAL WOE
The rate, $42, includes rail and stage
fare, hotel bills en route and at the Sen
tinel Hotel in the valley, ride over the
"double loop" and floor of the valley, car
riage ride to Mirror Lake, guides and
horses to Vernal and: Nevada falls and
Glacier Point. The route is via Bower
Cave, Hazel Green. Big Trees, Merced
Canyon and Cascade Falls going into the
valley, and via New Inspiration Point and
OaK Flat road and Big Trees to Hazel
Green on the return trip, thus taking you
into the valley one way and out another.
All about it at 641 Market street, Santa
Fe offices. ?
The Personally Conducted Excursion
to Yosemite Via Santa Fe Leaves ¦
San Francisco Tuesday,
September 15.
$42 YOSEMITE AND RETURN. S42
in taxes." f
If the Board of Supervisors in declaring
the combined city and State rates on the
third Monday of September to comply
with the State law has the power to so
reduce the rate of $1,076 that only the ap
propriation in the budget will be collected
on the increased valuation then one val
uation could be used. This ia another
point for legal interpretation by the City
Attorney, that is, as to whether the rate
can be reduced so as not to compel .prop
erty owners to pay in $1,200,000 to the city
treasury which the city never intended
should be done.
Attorney Lane and in all likelihood the
Board of Supervisors will at next Mon
day's meeting refer the disputed point
to Lane for his written opinion thereon.
Dodge also points to the fact that in 1S92,
when the State board raised San Fran
cisco's assessment 15 per cent, the raise
was entered in red ink In the column re
served for the State tax and the city's
rate was collected on the lower valuation
as returned by-' the Assessor. .
"The whole JdifHculty." says Assessor
Dodge, "appears to be that San Fran
cisco Is the only county which fixes the
city tax levy before the State levy Is
adopted. The charter requires that the
city rate be adopted on the last Monday
in June. The State law provides that tHe
levy for city and State purposes shall be
made on the third Monday in September.
If the latter course, were followed the
city would fix the rate so that no more
money than is required for the expenses
of the city government could be collected
Assessor Dodge, however, points to the
constitutional amendment adopted since
the issuance of the decision referred to,
which gives to San Francisco the right
to regulate its own municipal affairs.
Dodge is corroborated In this view by City
Baehr points to a Supreme Court
decision in the case of E. J. Baldwin
against the Tax Collector of Los
Angeles County to recover illegal taxes,
which recites that the State Board
of Equalization has power to increase
or lower the assessment roll of a county
so as to affect taxes for county purposes,
and further, that the manifest intention
of the law is that when the State board
raised the total value of the assessment
roll of Los Angeles County It was done
for all taxable purposes as well for coun
ty as for State.
BODGE QUOTES LAW.
Assessor Dodge also consulted with City
Attorney Lane and both officials agreed
that the raise of the State Board of
Equalization, should it stand, will affect,
the State tax only and the city rate will
be based on the lower valuation as re
turned by Assessor Dodge. Dodge and
Secretary Colgan of the State Board of
Equalization agreed that* such would be
the case. Dodge's valuation was $427,
641,648, which was raised by the Board of
Equalization to $545,£55,324.
Should the increased valuation be ac
cepted for both city and State purposes
it will mean the collection of additional
taxes on $118,213,676. the amount of the
increase, which at $1,076 on the $100 as
sessed valuation will result in putting
about $1,200,000 in the city treasury, for
which absolutely no provision was made
in the budget adopted last June by the
Board of Supervisors.
From investigations so far pursued by
Auditor Baehr that official is of the opin
ion, however, that but one valuation
should be entered on the assessment roll.
AFFECTS STATE TAX ONLY.
"The principle involved," said Assessor
Dodge, "is that the constitution guaran
tees that property cannot be confiscated
without due process, of law. In other
words, the taking away of property un
der the guise of taxation is unconstitu
tional."
A number of large property* owners
were in consultation yesterday with As
sessor Dodge for tho purpose of taking
steps to have the arbitrary raise of the
assessed valuation by the State Board of
K<,ualizatlon set aside by the . Federal
courts. The plan as agreed upon con
templates the institution of mandamus
proceedings to review the action of the
board with the object of showing that
the raise was unwarranted and that the
assessed valuation as fixed by Assessor
Dodge should stand.
As ground for the action a parallel case
was cited In the State of Illinois, where*
on application of the railroad the Fed
eral courts intervened and reviewed the
assessment as made by the State Board
of Equalization, which raised the assess
ment to a valuation of 100 cents upon the
stocks and bonds of the corporations.
The Federal courts thereupon fixed the
assessment far in excess of what the
railroads had paid taxes upon in the past,
but still at a lesser amount than the
Board of Equalization had raised it to.-
The suit will be instituted at once by
some property owner yet to be decided
upon. -
With reverent ceremony the remains of
the late Rev. Father Eugene O'Growney
were escorted yesterday morning from the
hall of the Knights of the Red Branch
to St. Mary's Cathedral by a detachment
of the League \>t the Cross Cadets and
priests and numerous friends of the la
mented divine.
The cathedral, which was draped' In
black, was crowded and the service was
impressive. The oaken casket was cov
ered with the flag of Ireland and the Stars
and Stripes, upon which rested a cross and
anchor of white flowers and a heart com
posed of immortelles sent by the O'Grow
ney branch of the Gaelic League, In which
the departed priest took so great and
strong an interest.
Among the "notable members of the
church present were Archbishop Riordan,
Archbishop Montgomery and Very Rev.
Father Prendergast. vicar general, and
fully fifty priests were seated in the sanc
tuary.
During the procession to the cathedral
and while the remains were being borne
along tna aisle to the chancel a band
played Chopin's Funeral March.
Father Prendergast was celebrant of
the mass, assisted by Father Nugent as
deacon, and Father Lyons, sub-deacon.
Father Clifford was master of ceremonies.
At the end of the mass the blessing was
given by Archbishop Montgomery.
The body of the late Father O'Growney
will be taken to the cathedrals in Chicago
and New York before being placed on
board a vessel for Ireland, and religious
ceremonies will be performed similar to
those at St. Mary's Cathedral. . •
At Queenstown the body will be removed
to Maynooth, near Dublin, for interment
by the Gaelic League of Ireland.
The pall bearers yesterday were: L. T.
Brannick, Connor Murphy and T. J. Mel
lot, delegates appointed by the' National
convention of the Gaelic League in Ameri
ca; Rev.. Father P. McHugh. Rev. Father
Eugene Sullivan, Rev. Father T. Brennan,
Rev. Father Smyth, Rev. Father P. S.
Casey. Rev. Father E. M. O'Looney and
J. S. McCormick, Daniel Fitzpatrick,
Jeremiah Deasy, J. J. Caniffe.' represent
ing the State executive committee of the
Gaelic League in California: Thomas
O'Connor, representing the O'Growney
branch of the Gaelic League in California;
John Mulhern, P. Kelleher, O. B. O'Reilly,
Colonel J. C. O'Connor, James Nealon. Pe
ter J. Dunne. Lawrence Walsh, P. J. Cur
tis, R. C. O'Connor, T. P. O'Dowd and
Michael Casey.
The cathedral choir was under the di
rection of Professor Harrison.
Higher Valuation Would Put
$1,200,000 More in the
City Treasury:
St. Mary's Cathedral Crowded
With Deeply Touched
• Mourners.
Taxpayers to Ask for Re
view of State Board's
Action.
Service for the Late Rev.
E. O'Growney Im-.
pressive.
HONORS SHOWN
BELOVED DEAD
COURTS TO PASS
ON THE RAISE
RIOTOUS WEALTH OF COLOR
DRAWS LOVERS OF FLOWERS
Rare Dahlias Delight the Eyes of Horticulturists at
the Remarkable Exhibit of Fascinating Blossoms
Given by the California State Floral Society
THE SAN FBAN&ISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1»U3.
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MARKS BROS. | [marks BROS.
1220-22-24 Market St. | | 1220-22-24 Market St.
Surprising Values in Summer Shirt Waists -
HCa Price Dlaced upon all our ft i OS Price placed upon all our
MM I! *l-25. *l-G0. $1.75 and $2.00 ¦\l!±Z $2.25. $2.50. $3.00 and $3.50
UUU WHITE LAWN WAISTS.. W« — ~ ¦ SUMMER SHIRT WAISTS.
' I
We have placed on SPECIAL SALE for TO-DAY, and as long as quantity
lasts, our ENTIRE EXCLUSIVE line of SUMMER SHIRT WAISTS. Made of
sheerest White Lawn. Chambray, Madras, and all the CHOICEST NOVELTIES of
the season. Elegantly trimmed In Embroidery, Valenciennes Lace and Embroidery
Medallions. Still others are finely tucked. These WAISTS ARE REALLY MAR-
VELS OF BEAUTY AND HARMONY.
2 GREAT CORSET SPECIALS
CO A Ta P* GIRDLE, to'be had In O I 50 w - B - CORSET, extended
Til I 1 Blue, Pink, Gray and Black. \|^ll HIP, made of Italian Sateen.
UUU All sizes. ¦ Vl Colors Black and Drab.
Exceptional Offerings in Muslin Underwear
_ Price placed upon our $1.00 Good MUSLIN PETTICOAT.
7C- MUSLIN GOWN. Embroidered ftO* Deep Flounce, trimmed with 3
I H I* Inserted Revere Collar, edged HfiP rows of Torchon Insertion: fln-
IVU with ruffle of wide Embrold- vUU Ished with ruffle of Torchon -
ery. Yoke of Embroidery. Lace.
VEILING NOVELTY BELT SPECIAL
_ . Latest fad in Autumn HAT Just received, a complete
Ar M DRAPES. Feather stitched J" ft-»
lini 1 Borders. Chenille Dot. 1% •HIP Fall Line of PRINCESS LOOP
~UU yards Ions. All the Latest De- UUU
signs and Colorings. • BELTS. Worth 75c.
2 GREAT HOSIERY SPECIALS
. ft I"-. Ladles* LISLE RIBBED i (\1 Children's BICYCLE RIB-
IhO HOSE. Embroidered Ankles. I'J'fl BED HOSE, double Heel, Toe
Zulj Comes in all seasonable shades. |/.9u anfl Knee. Regular 20c qual-
v Regular price 45c. ifctw lty
Surprises in Children's White Dresses
CHILDREN'S DRESS, made CHILDREN'S DRESS, made
7 p of, India L«nen.tucked square q- S,.^ wl^nr^Sli Sd
. embroidery. Deep hem. Regu- * ery Deep hems titched hem.
lar price $1.15. ¦ . Regular price $1.50.
Fetching features in Lace Collars
_ _ Price placed upon all our Price placed upon all our
A«t 50 J5-0O latest Fall Desleni in AA QQ ,
\ "illZ Point VENISE CAPE COL- \ J!ZZ $3.25 STOLE COLLARS. Ecru
WJ 55 LARS. Colors White, Cream \jL
and Ecru. /'- - . only*.
CSs* SPECIAL PRICE for ALL our. FANCY and SATIX TAFFETA WASH RIB-
Ow BONS. 3 inches wide. Regular value 15c : ...
v SEND FOR OUR FALL AND WINTER CATALOGUE.
TRADING STAMPS GIVEN WITH EVERY PURCHASE.
MARKS BROS,
1220-22-24 flarket Street
BET. TAYLOR AND JONES. V
A Stocking Opportunity
Women's at 12J/2C and open work ones, regular jnceapc.
Imported fancy hose 35c, regular price 50c.
School stockings iiy^c and 15c
Another chance to buy as good stockings as there are and to
save money on them. Hale enterprise is again to the front.
I2y 2 c School Stockings. 25c Women's Stockings at 19c.
Maco cotton, with full- fas feloned double
Wld« and narrow ribbed, plain black. so i e « heels and toe«: they're plain or all-
seamless, heavier than common and longer Iace or , ea . WO rk effects u wX*e». 8 Vs. 9
and more elastic; all sizes. g^j 91^
20c School Stockings at 15c. Women's Stocking!?, I2^c.
Stron*. heavy ribbed ones; only four sixes. Plain black in medium we!l*ht and v«ry
6%. 7tt. 8% and 9*4. but they're the alies long, wide and elastic; either /plain or ribbed
most boys and elrls wear. tops; sizes. S'j to 0. •
35c for Women's Fancy Stockings Worth 5d»c
. AH imported Btylei In a fine quality of Richelieu ribbed lisle; 20 dltterent Ideas in
dark and light ¦tripes; also plain black, with silk embroidered instep*. •
Ribbon of the Hour Toilet Accessories
15c yard ' At Halc p f ces ' I
Hudnut's Marvelouk Cream, 1
Such as cannot be sold regU- applied before retirifag keeps the
lariv tinder oep face nice and smooth^. 50c a jar.
lariy under 25C. HaU , $ Spedal p^nff Cure and
It's out for the first time to-day. Hair Tonic nibbed] into the scalp
The pretty fall ribbon, 3^ inches prevents falling hairjand cures dan-
wide. Suitable for the neck or hat. druff - 45c a bottle./
This handsome ribbon is on a white Pacing Camphor Us the new pre-
ground with very fine black checks; ntlvc for moth * \ and insectS ' I0C
then over the checks are three clear ' CastUe Soap (
satin stripes, some cardinal, some Ioc ca k e '
blue, pink, turquoise, maize, lilac, ffair Brushes, reg ater 75c kind,
brown and green. Even some white Solid back, genuine bristles, some-
satin stripes. It shows what it is thing that will last. \ Now 50c.
— a good ribbon. It is cheaper than Nail or Hand £trushes y genuine
you would expect to find it. bristles, solid bad/. The 35c and
50c kind that get /the dirt out and
iBS?*l don't scratch your^ hands. 25c.
k\ 9 Ti "HER LADYSHIP CORSET'
™* makes a poor JigUi*-e charming and a
m\Vu \\^»«Sal^»^sBislK^rF?/^P Italian cocoanit with ice layers
<V\\\V '". VlPaR mNrlmtf£'--r:il'- v 'if ?* chocolate and vanilla. Can you
'¦¦^''•^^V^^^HBwJ^/'-P^ imagine anything/ more tempting or
"tM&'AiBB^Wj^l* ¦''•$ a PP etizin S than that? We'll sell it
J ust like the J Prophylactic, but
4fe£^|^g^£</*' 7i -? 9 with the word ITrophy lactic left off
the brush. Thej brush with the
Shirts Are 75C name on »s 35c. ) These with it off
And two fairs of cuffs in the U^fa V$$Z
bargain. people themselvefs and come from
e .„ , ' them to us. Note and then you
Stiff bosoms, too might find one o t the handIes c gj
Made of Standard Garner per- pe d O r some of \ the bristles a bit
cales. In fancy colors, light and too short. But lArho will care for
medium, mostly blues, pinks and those little pointsVwhen the price is
black and white stripes. Each shirt J 5c instead of 35c C
has two pairs of separate cuffs to k&^MT JB? I >m»
match. Each shirt is well made, £23b S>Sy
good fitting— as good at $1.00 as is ffijffl<SS£& >4&* $& 3ff&
You may have it. " C'OO&g,^^
NEW ADVEBTISEME2TTS.
A WOMAN TO BE PBETTY
Must Have Luxuriant and Glossy
Hair, No Matter What Color.
The finest contour of a female face, the
sweetest sznlle of a female mouth loses
something If the head Is crowned with
scant hair. Scant and falling hair, it is
now known, is caused by a parasite that
burrows Into the scalp to the root of the
hair, where it eaps the vitality. The lit-
tle white scales the germ throws up In
burrowing are called dandruff. To cure
dandruff permanently, then, and to stop
falling hair, that germ must be killed.
Newbro'a Herplcide, an entirely new re-
sult of the chemical laboratory, destroys
the dandruff germ. and. of course, stops
the falling: hair and prevents baldness.
Bold by leading drugpists. Send 10c In
'tumps for sample to The Herplclde Co.,
Oetroit, Mich.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦A/m 1 1 4 1 ¦sxSSaMh i ¦ *?iv^/
It's a Gpod Rule
To follow that leads you to send your
linen here. \
Unnecessary wear ia out of our
line, but immaculate cleanliness, su-
perb finish and collars and cuff 3
without rough edges are the points
in our work that maintain the golden
rule intact. j__
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
OPTICS 1004 MABEET STBMT,
X*ar Powell.
. _ —
Tffj^ W mj fi
Famous the World I
Over-~FuU$ H Matared» 1
«JoW £t?«rpttAer#; A
.HUBERT MERCANTII*B CO.. U
9 Pacific Coast Asents. JL
M Jt
pHIRTsJ
I ARE THE BEST |^
I AT THE PRICE t
j CLUETT, PEABODY & CO. g
>j MAKE33 j^
Balsam II
t Promotes tne growth ot tfco tatr and ', '¦
! ; glyes It tno lustre nnrtnTPrtnessaf ynnt-.n. ; ;
1 ' YThen tho hair la gray or faded It ' '
I! BRINGS BACK THE YOUTHFUL COLOR. '<< I
] ; It prevents Dandrcff and hair fantng ; !
<; and keeps the scalp clean and healthy. ; ',
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE mRRANTEjT
Weekly Call, $1 per Year \