WARSHIP, DOING'PATROL DUTY,
| AMERICAN CONSUL. GENERAL,
AND PANAMA COMMANDER. _
ST. PETERSBURG. .Dec. ,7.^-UnIted
States;.. Embassador McCormlck- haa
been officially notified, of Russia's rec
ognition of the republic of Panama. J:
Russia Recognizes Panama.
V.,WASHINGTON..\Dec\ r - 7.— The dis
patch of;the cruiser, Atlanta to the Gulf
of I Darien-is^of-tgreat^ Importance and
interest- in \ connection^with ? the rumor
from ; Colon ":¦¦, of i theC departure Tof. Colom
blan'soldiersIfq'r^the'IsthmusofiPana-
mmiiiiIiIiii ir in'ii rwiriwirwiTnrr'fnr m iuwmnTf
Significantf Activity Follows Rumor of
" . ' Colombia's .Warlike Move. 7
WARSniPS .OX THE ALERT
ST. JOHNS. N.F., Dec. 7.— The ves
sel which was wrecked on Feryland
Head, near Cape Race, during a furious
storm at midnight Friday last proves
to- have been the Danish schooner Sig
fried Peterson, from Alicante, Spain,
/or St. Johns. Her crew, of five persons
perished and their bodies were washed
ashore to-day. The vesselwaa battered
to pieces.
Ship Wrecked and : Crew Lost.
Bryan Received by Lonbct.
PARIS. Dec 7.— William J. Bryan
was received by President Loubet, the
audience having been arranged by
Kmbassador Porter in compliance with
Mr. Bryan's request. Bryan will leave
Paris to-morrow for Switzerland.
CUMBERLAND. Md., Dec. 7.— A
cablegram from Hankow, China, an
nouncing death of Bishop James Ad
dlson Ingle of the Protestant. Episcopal
church of fever, was received here to
day. Bishop Ingle was -graduated: in
1888 from the- University of Virginia,
and»in-189l went to China., lie was
elected' Bishop by the general conven
tion held'ln San Francisco: in 1891.
Bishop Ingle Is Dead.
Mr. Fisk said last night that until he
tqpk charge of the office he would be
unable to announce any definite plans.
He regards the poBltlon as an Import
ant one. which will demand close study
and attention, and it is his purpose to
have an administration that will be en
tirely satisfactory to the Government
and the people at large.
"At the present time." he said last
evening. "I know nothing about the
office. I cannot say whether there will
be any charges. Most of the clerks In
the postoffice are under the rules of
the Civil Service Department. I have
piven the matter little thought at this
lime, and until I assume my duties I
cannot say what I will do. I feel grate
ful for the honor and am delighted that
my friends approve of my selection. It
is a position of great importance and
I shall do my duty."
WASHINGTON. Dec. 7.— The Presi
dent to-day sent to the Senate the nom
ination of Arthur G. Fisk to be Post
master in San Francisco.
Presldpnt Roosevelt Sends Xame of
San Francisco's New Post
master to Senate.
ARTHUR FISK WILL
TAKE MOXTAGUE7S PLACE
HOUSTON, Tex., Dec T.— Lady Con
stance Mackenzie of Scotland la now
at Santa' Gertrudes, the 2.000,000-acre
ranch of -Mrs.' King, cattle queen of the
world. She arrived in the middle of
the week, traveling entirely alone, and
the object of her visit to that wild
section is to enjoy some weeks of the
exciting sport of chasing the" Javelin
(Mexican wild hog). . Half a . dozen
trunks accompanied her, packed with
gaudy, and . fantastic hunting apparel.
Her equipment of fire arms is varied
and of the finest make.
Upon her arrival at Alice she received
a telephone message to proceed to Cor
pus Chrlstl, there being no lady's at
tache at tho ranch. At Corpus Christ 1
she was Joined by. Mrs. King and other
ladies and the party at once started,
out for the hunting ranch, where the
opportunities to hunt the wild boar of
the chaparral are unlimited.
Lady, Constance is a fearless and.ex
pert equestrian' and an excellent shot
with rifle and small firearms. During
her brief stop at Alice she indulged in
target practice for a couple. of hours.
On the vast prairies of Santa Gertrudes
are , hundreds of lakes, where ducks
and geese abound, and in the dense
chaparral the Javelin and coyote are in
such numbers as to supply, ample; op
portunity for the most enthusiastic
huntsman. .. . ,
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Constance Mackenzie
on SHooting Trip
in Mexico.
TITLED LADY
WILL HUNT
WILD BOAR
Consul General Gudger this morning
delivered ' the boxes , containing the
canal treaty to the purser of thr» City
of Washington, taking a receipt for
them.' The. two keys to the separate
boxes. In.' the' inner one'of which :is the
treaty, will go- to the United States in
custody of Major Edie of the medical
department of the United' States army,
who has been here for a fortnight look
ing- into sanitation; conditions.. - ¦
.The Royal Mail steamship agent here
yesterday -'received 'a- telegram from
Port Limon;. Costa Rica, informing' him
that the" Government of the Depart
ment vof; Bolivar, f Colombia, ;has re
opened the ports of Sayanilla and Car
tagena to', vessels to and from Colon.
The ; steamer, Valdivia sailed for: Carta
gena . yesterday, , hoping -¦ to enter that
port. " ,v, ,
Following instructions received on
December -7, from the Navy Depart
ment in . Washington. United States
gunboats , on. both sides of the isthmus
have star.ted or are'. starting^ on re
connoitering expeditions ', along
coasts, principally in the direction of
Colombia,' for the purpose of ascertain
ing the condition of the trails and roads
between Colombia and the frontiers
and the facilities of the country for
sustaining expeditions marching upon
Panama,, to . generally .determine the
United States', best course In case of a
Colombian invasion of the isthmus and
to learn the attltude'of the various In
dian tribes inhabiting both coasts. .
The United States., cruiser Atlanta
has gone -to San 'Bias for this 'purpose
and probably will continue to the gulf
of Darlen. , Another "vessel will be sent
to San Miguel ' and ; a third to-, David,
also on the Pacific," but towardCosta
Rica, to ascertain the 'conditions- at
ChirlquI," make a 'show of force,, if it is
thought necessary, and study the pos
sibility of Colombians landing a small
schooner ' expedition at Chlrlqui from
southern points.
The Panama authorities are aiding
those efforts, i They have sent out sev
eral parties on both sides of the isth
mus to ; seek information uml watch
possible movements on the part of the
Colombians. . BJEPW^^^Wf'flH
SHIPS THE CANAL TREATY.
. COLON, :Dec. > 7.— A rumor is in cir
culation here '.> to the < effect that 3000
soldiers have left Cartagena' to invade
the isthmus. No details are known and
the rumor cannot be 'confirmed to
night. - It ; probably had its source in
Port Llmon, Costa Rica, where it was
.brought by steamer from Cartagena.;
The only possible means of approach
ing Panama is by narrow and difficult
mountain ' passes ; through the Indian
country. , ' ; . ; ' .
• The United States cruiser Atlajita is
.now off the- Indian coast. The United
.States auxiliary cruiser. Dixie- will . to
morrow land 'a .* company;, of . marines,
who, will go. into: camp at Empire Sta
tion, near Culebra Cut. The battleship
Maine is coaling near Bocas del. Toro.
GUNBOATS RECOXXO1TERI XG.
The Senate Committee on Military
Affairs to-day resumed its hearing in
the Wood case, with Commander Lu
cien Young of the navy on the stand.
Commander Young was subp«naed by
the Committee on Military Affairs at
the request of Major Rathbone, who
has given the committee a list of ques
tions which he desired to have ad
dressed to the witness. Some of the
questions were ignored by the commit
tee, though much testimony was
brought out in relation, to the charge
that General Wood, after assuming the
duties as governor general of Cuba
employed detectives not connected with
the army to shadow certain army offi
cers and report their actions to Gen
eral Wood.
Commander Young testified that he
occupied the dual positions of captain
of the port of Havana and commander
of the naval station at Havana. Un
der the first position he was subordi
nate to General Wood, but under the
latter in no way amenable to Generai
Wood's orders. The witness said he
discovered detectives shadowing him
and that upon investigation he learned
that General Tasker H. Bliss. General
Charles F. Humphrey and Major E.
Ladd also were followed by detectives.
He asserted that he knew the detectives
were in the pay of General Wood.
In reference to his recall from the
post at Havana Commander Young
said he was assured by General Wood
that he was very sorry and unable to
understand the order, which had been
received from Washington. Commander
Young said that when he, arrived in
Washington he learned that the recall
had been at the suggestion of General
Wood and that there is correspondence
on file at the War Department to prove
this assertion.
WOOD EMPLOYED SLEUTHS.
It is the general opinion of members
of the Senate, however, that the nomi
nees will retain their old rank until the
nominations are confirmed, despite the
fact that all of the officers affected
have been serving for nearly three
months under the advanced rank and
pay to which they will be entitled when
confirmed. On this theory, General
Wood will cease to be a major general
and will resume his rank of brigadier
general and hold it until he Is con
firmed in the higher rank. When he is
confirmed, however, he will receive a
commission dated August 8 and ad
vanced pay will take effect from that
time.
Notice has been given by the com
mittee to Senator Hanna and Senator
Teller, who made the protests against
the confirmation of General Wood to
be major general, that they must have
all of thPir witnesses here before De
cember 16, when, it is expected, the
investigation will be closed. It is be
lieved by opponents of General Wood
that this order will have the effect of
curtailing the extent of the Inquiry.
It has not yet been decided whether it
will be necessary to summon any more
witnesses from Cuba, thouph it Is
known that several persons who have
been before the committee w!ll be re
called.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 7.— President
Roosevelt to-day sent to the Senate
the nomination of General Leonard
"Wood to be a major general of the
army and the nomination of 167 other
army officers whose promotions depend
upon that of General Wood.' Accom
panying these nominations were those
of about twenty-flve civilian appoin
tees, Including that of Dr. W. H. Crum
(colored) to be Collector of the Port of
Charleston, S. C, and some others
whom the President nominated in the
last recess.
These appointments are considered
by the President and his advisers to
be recess appointments. The question
of their status has been thor
oughly discussed by the President
•with the best lawyers connected
with the administration, and In
Congress. The conclusion has been
reached that between the time of the
falling of President Pro Tem. Frye's
gavel signifying the conclusion of the
extraordinary session and the calling to
order of the Senate in the regular ses
sion of Congress an appreciable lapse
cf time occurred. In this time the ap
pointments technically were made.
They are regarded by the administra
tion as recess appointments and the
appointees, therefore, will receive the
pay and exercise all the authority of
the rank to which they are promoted.
The commissions of the army officers
have been made out on this under
standing. All of them are rated back
to the time last summer when the ap
pointments were originally made.
SENATORS TAKE OTHER VIEW.
At the close Governor Odell said he
would give the Missourlans two weeks
In which to iubmit briefs, and Zelgler's
counsel two weeks after that In which
to answer the.m.
An affidavit by Baldwin declared
that he saw Zeigler iff on the train, os-
fnsibly for Missouri, and that later
T-eieler told him that he had been to
Missouri and that his business thtre
v.£s successful.
It. was shown that th« name of "W.
Zeigler" appeared on the register of
the Southern Hotel on March 19 iu
what is claimed to be Kelly's writing.
end that somebody was at the hotel
tinder that name.
Judee Harvey then produced a num
ber of affidavits constituting the liis
e«~-uri end of the case. The principal of
these was by former Lieutenant Oov
?>rnf>r Iy**e of Missouri, detailing- the a\
l^g-ed bribery of the legislative com
mUtee through him at the instance of
I»aniel J. K^lly of New York. who. Lr-e
6 wore, deciar^d himself to be the agent
c; Zeigler in the business.
Zeig'er's statement was very minute
end voluminous, includinc affidavits
from peveral person* claiming knowl
fdsf of th<» controversies upon which
rio bs»perj his assertions «>f malicious in
tent underlying the prosecution.
LEE AMONCJ THE ACCUSERS.
In his statement Zeigler denied em
phatically that lie had committed any
bribery or that he was a fugitive from
justice, and declared that the whole
proceeding was a malicious act of op
pression, inspired chiefly by his per
sonal enemies. These enemies he
named as Evelyn B. Baldwin, whom lie
says he discharged for failure to carry
out faithfully the Zfigrler-Baldwin Arc
tic expedition: Patterson Bain, whose
enmity, he says, crew <«ut of anti-alum
prosecutions in Missouri, and F. A.
1"6>]1. wiih vbon he had a controversy
through Zelplcr's attempt . to obtain
control of the Provident Chemical
"Work? in St. Louis. Upon the question
of being a fupitive from justice, h* de
clared that, since the dates alleged, he
h8d b<>pn three times openly in the
Ftaf of Missouri, unnn personal busl
r**Fs. whrse t-xact nature he set forth
in hi? statement.
ALBANY. X. Y.. Dec. 7.— The requi
sition of Governor Dockery of Mis
ecuri upon Governor Odell for the ex
tradition to that State of William
Zeigler of New Tork City upGn an in
dictment charging bribery in connec
tion with baking powder legislation
Tias the subject of a hearing before
the Governor to-day.
The Missouri authorities were repre
sented by Attorney General Crow and
Judge T. B. Harvey of Missouri and
Sheriff Smith tf Cole County. Million
aire Zeigler was present in person with
his counsel. John M. Bowers, Delancey
>»"ico21, Edward Lauterbach. William
J. Underwood and John D. Lindsay.
Bowers argued that th» papers in the
case were not regular in that they did
rot allege the date when the defendant
¦was in the State of Missouri commit
ting the alleged crime. Crow main
tained that if the acts and contentions
of the State of Missouri were not to be
given full faith, but were to be disput
ed, the burden of proof was upon thooe
attacking them. A lively tilt between
the lawyers on each side followed.
Attorney General Crow repelled in
dijmar.tly what he called an insult to
a sovereign State, its chief executive
and its prosecuting officers.
"I do not know the gentleman who
n*kes this charge," he said, "but I
<J^m it my duty to my State and to
myself to declare his statement as
false as ."
ZKIGLER ALLEGES 31ALICE.
Kew York's Governor Hears Argu
ments on the Requisition Issued
by the Western State.
Naval Officer Says He Was Followed
by Detectives Employed by Former
Governor of Cuba.
Multi - Millionaire Denies
That He Bribed the
Legislators.
Clash of Opinion as to the
Present Status of
Appointees.
AgainSendsNamesof
Wood and Cram
to Senate.
Zeigler Is Fighting
Extradition to
Missouri.
Report Reaches Colon That Three Thousand Soldiers
Have Left Cartagena and Marines Will
Land From Cruiser nixie.
Grand Rapids Scan
dal Involves More
Citizens.
Wells oi Utah Mates
Grim Prediction
to Strikers,
Fears Citizens Will Arm to
& Drive Agitators From
State.
Conspiracy and Perjury the
Charges AgainsMhe
Suspects.
Colorado Miners Ambush and Fire Upon
a Small Party of Non-Union Men
Near Primro.
Are Alleged to Have Accepted Large
Bribes From Ex-City Attor
ney Salsbury.
DISTURBED
BY TRAGEDY
IN PALACE
Mtrian CourtTries
¦: -in Vain to Hide
Scandal,
) SALT LAKE, Utah,; Dec. 7.— In a
conference to-day between Governor.
Wells and members of the miners'
union, headed by State Organizer
Charles Demolll, the Governor pre
dicted civil war in Utah if the strike
were not spee,dily ended. ' Speaking to
the representatives of the strikers,
Governor Wells said:
."I honestly believe, gentlemen, that
If there is much further effort to se
cure recognition of the union and to
prolong the strike the sentiment in
the State is such that.lt will be only
a question of time when men from all
sections of the State will shoulder
their rifles and go down there and run
the agitators out of the State. I think
you are wrong in pursuing this matter
further at the present time."
The Governor warned them against
any lawlessness and, turning to De
molll with a smile, said:
. "We will give you a free passport
out of the State and I am sure the
people would like to see you go back
to Colorado." . . •
Demolli, however, has returned to tie
scene of the strike in Carbon County.
TRINIDAD, Colo., Dec. 7.— The Sher
iff, with a posse and bloodhounds, left
at 9 o'clock to-night on a special, en
gine for Primro in response to a mes
sage»; that ra^ party '-ot: five non-union
miners, going from Berwind to Primro,
was ambushed on the trail this
morning. One of the non-union party
was shot in "¦ the foot,- but made his
way to Primro and gave the alarm.
He did not know whether the
rect of the non-union party had been
killed or wounded, but they had not
arrived at Primro at 9 o'clock to-night.
The non-union party was being es
corted by Frank Jennings, brother of
the superintendent of the Berwind
mine.
Word reached here at midnight that
a fight occurred at Seguando, a Colo
rado Fuel and Iron camp, between 9
and 10 o'clock to-night, between
about thirty striking Italian miners
on one side and seven of the com
pany's guards on the other. Three of
the strikers were shot and two of
them may die. The fight occurred at
the coke oven at the edge of the
camp. > The miners went to the ovens,
but were ordered to stop by the
guards. , Almost immediately the
shooting began, each side claiming
that the other fired first.
HASTINGS, Colo.. Dec. 7.— Eleven
women, wives of striking coal miners,
attacked Marshal Milt Hightower and
George Waybright. when they were
tearing down some shanties on the
Victor Fuel Company's property in the
Italian quarter of the town to-day.
Marie Vanelli struck Hightower on the
head with a butcher's cleaver, nearly
sever.ng one of his ears. Other wom
en g ve Waybright a severe beating.
The women were arrested and taken
to Trinidad for trial.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., Dec. 7.—
Chanter two of the Lake Michigan
water scandal was opened to the public
to-night. Judge Haggerty of the Po
lice Court ha3 signed warrants for the
arrest of seven more prominent men
implicated in the scandal by the con
fession of ex-City Attorney Lant K.
Salsbury and by his testimony at the
Police Court examination thus far
held An eighth warrant will be Issued
early to-morrow. The list of the men
for whom warrants were issued fol
lows:
Charged with conspiracy — J. Clark
Sproat, former manager of the defunct
Grand Rapids Democrat; Charles S.
Burch, manager of the Grand Rapids
Evening Press; Eugene D. Conger,
manager of the Grand Rapids Herald;
J. R. Thomson, former reporter of the
Grand Rapids Evening Press; Isaac F.
Lamoraux, former City Clerk-
Charged with attempting suborna
tion of perjury— William F. McKnight.
attorney, who was . Democratic candi
date for Attorney General in 1902.
Charged with perjury— Ex- State Sen
ator George E. Nlcols. Ionia, Mich., at
torney at law.
WILL MAKE ARREST TO-DAY.
The warrants wece issued on the
complaint of Prosecutor Brown, based
on the testimony of ex-City Attorney
Lant K. Salsbury.
It Is the intention of the prosecution
to make the arrests sometime to-mor
row, if the persons whose names are
mentioned do not appear voluntarily
in the morning.
The warrants for conspiracy in th^
famous water deal charge Charles S.
Burch of the Evening press, J. Clark
Sproat of the old Morning Democrat.
E. D. Conger of the Herald. J. Russell
Thomson, former, reporter of the Even
ing Press, and Isaac F. Lamoraux.
former City Clerk, with having accept
ed money from Salsbury for assisting
him during the summer of 1900 In an
attempt to procure a contract with the
city to supply Its inhabitants with
water from Lake Michigan. Salsbury
swears that he gave Burch $5000, Sproat
$17,500, Conger $10,000. Thomson $300
and Lamoraux $1300 of a $100,000 boodle
fund placed in his hands by H. A. Tay
lor, a New York capitalist, to procure
a contract with the city.
SUBORNATION OF PERJURY.
William F. McKnlght Is charged with
having attempted to suborn F. H. Gar
man, one of the people's witnesses, to
swear falsely in the trial of Salsbury
in November. 1901. when the latter was
convicted in the Superior Court of ac
cepting a bribe In connection with the
water deal. It i3 charged that on Oc
tober 26 McKnight conspired with Sals
bury. Nichols and Thomas F. McGarry
to offer witness Garman in the Living
stone Hotel $1250.*
The warrant against Nichols charges
him with perjury, alleged to have been
committed on November 29, 1901, when
he was a witness in the Salsbury case.
At that time he was questioned rela
tive to the alleged attempt to bribe F.
H. Garman and swore in denial of the
entire story of Garman. He was him
self arrested on a charge of bribery and
was acquitted after a trial in the Otta
wa County Circuit Court at Grand
Haven.
BOARD VISITS SCENE
OF FAIR'S DEATH
French Witnesses Submit Note Declar
ing Their Testimony to
Be Unprejudiced.
PARIS Dec. 7.— The commission
which is taking testimony to the Fair
will case to-day visited the scene of
the automobile accident that resulted
in the death: of Mr. and Mrs. Fair in
August, 1902, where It took the testi
mony of the porter who received the
bodies.
Mas and Moranne. who have testified
in the Fair case here and In the United
States, have submitted a note in th©
criminal prosecution' in connection with
the case, maintaining that even If their
depositions* were favorable to Mrs. Fair
this does not constitute prejudice, as
the merits of the case are still under
investigation. The nota concludes with
a protest against their summary ar
rest "on the complaint of rich Ameri
cans."
JUDGMENT OF NEBRASKA
COURT IS REVERSED
United States Tribunal Renders an
«, Important Decision in the Mat-:
ter of a Usury Suit.
.WASHINGTON, Dec. ".—In an opin
ion by Justice White the Supreme
Court o4 the United States, to-day re
versed the decision of the Supreme
Court of Nebraska in the case of the
Schuyler National Bank of Schuyler,
Nebr., versus George Thrush and oth
ers. The case involved a question of
the exaction of usury by the bank.
•Thrush and his wife were debtors to
the president of the bank ; in the sum
of $5000 and. they gave a note for that
amount, with interest at the rate of 12
per cent. This rate of Interest was
usurious under the Nebraska State law,
and Thrush asked for a computation
of the interest, which showed that,
counting the payment of interest as the
payment of principal, as provided for
by the statute, the note. had been re
duced to $200.
The State court held this plea to be
valid, on the ground that 'usury was
governed by the State and not by Fed
eral'law, inasmuch as the note was
made payable to an officer of the bank
and not. to the bank itself. Justice
White's opinion reversed the finding,
and was favorable to the contention of
the bank that the case came within- the
purview of the Federal law and that
the Interest payments could not be
computed- as payments of principal.
Justice Brewer and Justice Brown dis
sented.-SUggg iflfwfflBHBTBHlBl
Special Dispatch to The ; Call.
VIENNA. Dec. 7.V-A11 of the power
and Influence of the powerful Austrian
court has been put Into motion to sup
press the scandal and hide the tragedy
in Wlndisch-Graetz, Palace at Prague.
From everv source near the throne or
controlled by it pour denials that the
young, beautiful and wealthy Princess
Elizabeth of .W'ndisch-Graetz, grand
daughter at once of the Emperor of
Austria, and, of the. King of. the Bel
gians, shot 'a fascinating actress whom
she 'surprised in the apartments qf her
husband. Prince Otto.
" Despite these inspired denials, which
have been telegraphed to every capital
in Europe and. are being widely circu
lated by the aristocracy and. the police
of every, city, from St." Petersburg to
London, from Stockholm to Rome; press
correspondents emphatically reaffirm
every statement concerning the affair.
The Princess, who dearly loved her
husband and gladly relinquished her
imperial, rights for him, learned of her
lovely rival's presence. The exact
source of her information is not known,
of course, and may never be But it
is not improbable that a. man whom
thelactress had rejected carried it to
her/ Maddened by jealousy, infuriated
by the betrayal and yet ashamed of it,
the' Princess made her way to her hus
band's apartments, drove from the
door, at pistol's point, the valet Sn
guard there, entered, found the actress
and' shot her -with a' revolver which
Prince Otto had himself given to his
.wife. . In her. semi-hysterical frenzy the
Princess would -have shot the actress
agaln^had- not' her husband seized and
; disarmed . her. ..»;•,
ma. This Is about" 180 miles east of
Colon, and the cruise in those waters
will enable her. commander ,to keep in
close touch v/ith developments in the
Colombian situation originating In ; the
vicinity of Cartagena, . from which
place, it, is rumored, the soldiers are
tp- march on the, isthmus. . . '
* Naval officials decline to say whether
the dispatch of , the Atlanta to the Gulf
of Darien is the result' of any intima
tions* of warlike operations on the part
of Colombia. They content themselves
with expressing the opinion that it will
be impossible for : Colombian troops to
march overland to Colon or Panama
because of: the' Impassability ;of the
country to, be traversed. I Nevertheless
the departure of the vessel is regarded
as significant, as indicating the inten
tion of the officials of the United States
to be'on.the alert.;/" ,;
To the Colombians in Washington the
repoi ts from ' Colon J - produced - a mysti
fying effect. iThey will not say whether
they believe theirumors or. not." ».
!'Perhaps;it is so: I do "not know,"
said one of them. to-night, as he shrug
ged his shoulders. -
..The Colombians believe there are 3000
or more 'soldiers at Cartagena and at
the various . points along, the seacoast
available - for ; such a purpose . as that
stated' in ';• the i, dispatch;, from Colon,
should the Government desire to use
them.- . ¦ '. ¦> ¦""-- ¦¦
; WASHINGTON. Dec. 7.— The Pana
ma" canal* treaty was sent td the Senate
to-day,' but < as there ; was \ no ) executive
session 'after its receipt ' it\waa ' not re
ferred; to -the Committee on' Foreign
Relations- S-
Treaty Goes . to ; the Senate.
SOMALILAXD GOVERNOR
FETES THE AMERICANS
Banquet Closes With Speech Concern
ing Methods of Reaching
Kthlopian Trade.
MARSEILLES, Dec. 7.— Letters re
ceived here from members of the
American expedition to Abyssinia de
scribe their reception by the French
Governor of Somaliland. SI. Delbarry.
on the arrival of the party at Jibutil.
Following the brilliant fetes, the
Governor gave a reception at the pal
ace and drank to President Koosevelfs
health. Consul Skinner, leader of the
expedition, responded. closing his
speech wjth" the statement that .he
would recommend Jibutil as the only
feasible highway to Abyssinia and as
a depot for American trade. The Gov
ernor expects a large development of
Jibutil as the result of the opening of
American trade with Ethiopia.
HARPISTS MUST QUALIFY
TO ENTER THE UNION
NEW YORK. Dec. 7,-Mmes. Weill
and Tagliava, the harpists in the Met
ropolitan Opera-house orchestra,
whose non-union status last week
threatened a suspension of this grand
opera season,- appeared before the ex
amining ¦ committee of . the Musicians'
Union here to-day, played selections on
the ham to demonstrate their'compe
tency, and deposited $100 each with the
secretary. of the union, as initiation fee.
The executive committee of the union
will hear the examining committee's re
port next Wednesday to decide wheth
er the 'grand; opera harpists are quali
fied ' to . Join the union-
PRESIDENT
STANDS BY
NOMINEES
SAYS HE IS
PERSECUTED
BY ENEMIES
GOVERNOR'S
WARNING OF
CIVIL WAR
WARRANTS
FOR SEVEN
ARE ISSUED
ARMY OF COLOMBIANS STARTS
FOR AN INVASION OF PANAMA
TEX! WX4TSCB.
rcrecatt made at Ban rran
ciaco for thirty hoars •ndinx
mULaigUt, December 8:
San Praadsoo and vicinity—
Fair Toasday, becoming: clOTfly
at nitfht; Ugrnt easterly wind.
A. G. XoASZS,
District Torecairter.
Alcazar — "A Royal Prisoner.'*
Alhambr* — SUery'a- Italian
Band.
California — "Ton Tonson."
Central — "Slew Tori : Say by
»ay. M
Columbia— "Way Down Sast. 1 *
Fischer's— "X. O. XT." '
Grand— "Tor Hotter'* Sake."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Th« Ciutea — Vaudeville.
THE T2ZATESS.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 8.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY,- DECEMBER 8, 1903.
The San Francisco CallRailroad Man Conies to California.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Dec 7.— John
M. Hall, genera? counsel and formerly
president of the New York, New Haven
and Hartford Railroad, left to-day for
Pasadena, Cal., where he will remain
ROME, Dec. 7.— Sigrior Mascagni In
a speech which he delivered at a din
ner, given him in Turin said that his
new opera, "Vestila," was finished.
3Iascagni Finishes New : Opera.
Shasta County Storekeeper Disappears
REDDING, Dec. 7. — Thomas
Whalen, a storekeeper at White House,
In this county, is missing. It is feared
that he either met with foul play or
committed: suicide. He was in Red
ding Saturday evening,- drinking heav
ily, something unusual for him. He
was; put to bed by friends at 2:30
o'clock Sunday morning and has not
been seen since. His business ac
counts are straight and his family re
lations were pleasant.
, LONDON, Dec. 7. — A .bulletin is
sued late to-night says Herbert Spen
cer is still alive, but that ; he is very
feeble and that his is most
serious.
are in good spirits and as comfortable
as posslble.u)SB^RHV4SP^9S3B8
From the registrar's office It was
learned . to-night that fifteen students
had taken out leaves of absence dur
ing, the day, and probably as many
more have left for home without tak
ing out leaves. " It ia probable that
about sixty - students . in all have left
the university ¦ since the ' first case of
diphtheria was reported. "\ The majority
of these have left in response to urgent
telegrams .from . home..- The ; panic • that
seemed - likely ' to develop a ¦> few days
ago has disappeared * and - work in the
university is continuing as smoothly
as usual. . •
Herbert Spencer Barely. Alive.
Dr. W. F. Snow, the university
health officer, " when asked about the
situation to-night said::
"The outlook is .very encouraging;
more so- than •: at any previous time
since the epidemic started. .The seri
ous cases have _a}l . been 'treated > with
antihaxtoxine and > are ' responding very
well.; to. that treatment. None of the
oa-tiants are '.. dangerously . ' ill, and ' all
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Dec 7 —
During the last tw#nty-f our hours but
one actual case of diphtheria and three
suspected cases have been discovered
In the college community, and: Health
Officer W. F. Snow, feels confident that
in a few days the spread of the dis
ease will be absolutely checked.
James C. Ray, 1907, a student' in
geology from Duluth, Minn., was taken
to the Detention Hospital last night
and his.case is pronounced a mild form
of diphtheria. The three suspects are
Charles T. Paine of Redlands.'an en
tomology major; James S. Giles of
Oakland, a law major, and : Miss O C
Godfrey, a student In the English'de
partment* :
Special Dispatch to The CalL
WATSONVILLE, Dec 7.— Policeman
Bandberg of this city, on being in
formed that a horse thief from San
Jose was making this way, immediate
ly started In pursuit in company with
Chief of Police Rassette and Consta
ble Corr.
The officers encountered the man in
a sleuth near -this city. When com
manded to surrender he rushed tow
ard Sandberg. throwing him to the
ground. The assailant, H. Aradshaho,
a Calabasas Indian, being on top of the
officer, attempted to gouge his eye out.
The officer suffered a number of se
vere bruises and scratches about his
face. While Aradshaho was inflicting
these injuries the officer obtained his
weapon and fired three shots, two of
which took effect In the man's back. It
Is not known if they are fatal, as the
doctors at the sanitarium have not
completed their examination.
One New Case of Diphtheria
Shows Itself, but the Author
ities See No Need for Alarm
Watsonville Policeman Has a
Battle With Alleged Horse
thief and Uses His Revolver
NEW YORK, Dec 7.— The following
Calif ornians are registered here: From
San Francisco— Winson S. Allen and
wife, at the Grand Union; ST. Allen,
at the Grand Union : E. D. , Baker, : at
the Hotel York/ M. A. Bley, at the
Broadway Central; W. A. Doyle, at the
Hotel Imperial; F. C Outam, at the
Hoffman; P. E. Goslinsky, at the Herald
Square; A. Gonzales and wife, Miss W.
Gonzales and S. M.-Haslett, at the Im
perial; S. S. Hawley, at the Grand
Union; Mrs." C. Hoffman, at the Marl
borough; ¦' D. "Jacobs, at ' the Grand
Union: Dr. G. J. McChesney, at the
Criterion: H. Ratner, at, the Herald
Square; < J. B. Ward.'at thb Grand
Union; Dr. W. • G. Wilber, at the Cri
terion; W. J. - Rlchter/ at the Union
Square ;' Miss" F.; Anger, 7 af the Marl
borough; Miss E.- O'Neill and G. Rose
and wife, at the. Cadillac.
From San Jose— H. L. Miller, at the
Herald Square. .
From Los Angeles— W. R. Buel and
wife, at the Marlborough; C. Condon,
at the % Cosmopolitan. .
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
OKLAHOMA CITY, Okla., Dec. 7.
Six miles south of here Oscar Lether
edge killed Oscar Smith, his brother
in-law, crushing his skull with a stick
of stovewood and probably fatally
wbunded the latter's brother, J. E.
Smith, both boys. Letheredge's wife,
who had secured a divorce from him,
had gone to , her father's home. He
went there to see them and when the
elder Smith refused him admittance
Letheredge forced the doorl The boys
tried to eject him and the fatal fight
followed. . " . V . ,
Angered by the Rejection of His Di
. vorced Wife, Oscar Letheredge
wtSISS^ Commits Murder.
IRATE HUSBAND KILLS
. HIS BROTHER-IN-LAW
FRESNO. Dec. 7.— Hester Foster and
Carrie Swaff ord, each 14 years of age,
last Friday entered the house of Mrs.
J. Kaledara of Kearny avenue in this
city during her absence and carried off
a small bank containing several dol
lars, a few pieces of Jewelry and some
wearing appareL
The same night they crawled ¦ from
the windows of their respective homes,
secreted themselves at the house of a
friend and on Saturday morning hired
a rig at a livery stable and started out
to drive to Stockton. At Herndon they
were obliged to ford the "San Joaquin
River because of the recent burning of
the bridge there, and got -so cold and
wet that when they reached Borden,
two miles from Madera, they had'about
given up their intention of going on to
Stockton. v At Borden they met a man
named Kemp and a. youth named Va
lencia and the four started back- , to
Fresno. A watch was being kept for
them along the road, and Just as they
entered the city limits they were ar
rested. The men were released, but the
girls were taken to , Jail, where they
confessed to .entering the Kaledara
house. : .
Jewelry and a Bank Lost In Fresno,
but Young Perpetrators of the
Crime Are Arrested.
GIRLS TAKE MONEY
IN BURGLAR FASHION
MODESTO, Dec. 7.— Workingmen
on the ranch of Julius , Coffee, near
Turlock, found the body of their, em
ployer hanging from a beam in his
granary at noon to-day. He had com
mitted suicide. He left no word 'as to
the c^use of the deed. He was ! suc
cessful as a •¦ farmer. It is believed
melancholy was the cause, as he had
been more or less morose since : his
wife died two years ago. v - .
Laborers Find Employer Dead.
BULLETS END
THEIR COMBAT
FEAR CEASES
AT STANFORD
until May, when he will be retired from
the presidency, of the road. The direct
ors voted Hall six months* vacation in
the, hope that a rest may restore his
health. :
Famous Veterinarian Dies.
ST.-LOUIS, Dec. 7/— Dr. R.' E. Clark,
a veterinary surgeon, well known
throughout the countryi died here to
day of apoplexy.
CHARLESTON, W. Va.. 1 Dec. 7.—
John Blackford, comedian, with A. G.
Fields' Minstrels, died here to-day of
apoplexy. He was known as "the coon
from Arkansas." His home is at St.
Joseph Mol
Apoplexy Fatal to Comedian.
SALINAS, Dec. 7.— Jesse D. Carr, the
well-known pioneer, who celebrated his
eighty : nihth birthday last June, sud
denly collapsed last evening and is re
ported to be near death. He is semi
conscious and is aroused with difficulty.
The. physicians in , attendance on Mr.
Carr state; that their patient is par
alyzed from the waist down. He is
unconscious; except when roused. They
have given up all hope of saving his
life.
Well-Known Pioneer Stricken Wtlh
Paralysis at His Country Home
and Not Expected to live.
DOCTORS SAY DEATH .
NEARS JESSE D. CARR
NEW YORK, 1 Dec. 7. — Lester C.
Fitzgerald, member of a glass manu
facturing firm of this city, shot and
killed Mrs. Matilda Wood at a hotel in
the Willlamsburg section of Brooklyn
to-day and .then committed suicide
with the same weapon. Mrs. Wood
was the wife of a newspaper composi
tor, who said he believes that Fitz
gerald committed the crime because
Mrs. Wood his advances.
Fitzgerald was married, but his wife
had secured a divorce from him and
had since. remarried.
Glass Manufacturer Shoots. Ills Com
panion When She Ignores
His Attentions. \
MURDERS V WOMAN WHO
RESISTS HIS ADVANCES
WESTCHESTER, Pa., Dec. 7.—Al
fred Sharpless, a well known writer on
reforms and agricultural .topics and
who gained a national reputation for
his "John Plowshare Letters," pub
lished many years ago, died to-day,
aged 82 years. He was a prominent
mineralogist and had a rare collection
of relics relating to the aborigines.
Death Claims a Story Writer.
-AN JOSE, Dec. 7.— George "W. Par
tee, who would have been 100 years old
on the 10th day of next May. died in
this city to-day at the home of his
granddaughter, Mrs. | Fred H. Flgel.'
One son, Ben F. Partee of Palo Alto,
and a grandson, George B. Roop, are
the only other near relatives In this
State. Partee came from Ohio* to this
county in 1850 and had since resided
here. • '
Aged Man's life Is Over.
Physicians say the two men were
suffering from some strong corrosive,
but as it might have* been adminis
tered to them by any of a number of
persons,- the investigation by the' au
thorities has not enabled a definite
charge to be; laid against any one.
SALEM, Or., Dec. 1— Last night an
attempt waa made to poison the two
guards on duty inside the walls of the
Salem penitentiary with the presumed
object of making a wholesale escape
possible.
Taylor Smith and W. H. Fisher are
the night guards in the prison, and
their midnight lunch is prepared by
convict cooks. After eating this meal
yesterday they both became violently
ill. Suspecting that the food had been
poisoned, they gave the alarm and all
the day guards patrolled the prison till
daylight.. - -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Navy orders— Midshipman H. B.
Childs from Mare Island Hospital to
army general hospital, Fort Bayard
N. M.
Departments In Washington Issue Or
> ders for Postal and Navy Changes
In California and Washington.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 7.— The follow
ing orders were issued to-day:
Postmasters commissioned: Califor
nia—Grace E. Pedlgo, Daunt.
Fourth-class postmasters appointed:
California — Murdock A. McKlnnon,
China Flat, Humboldt County, vice
William Doherty, resigned; Patrick E.
Carkland, Dyerville, Humboldt County,
vice E. S. Townsend, resigned; Annie
W. Ludwig, Gwlnmln, Calaveras Coun
ty, vice Hiram A. Messenger, resigned.
Washington — Thomas D. Jones, Clal
lam, Clallam- County, vice M. F. Cohen
our, resigned: Addison O. Lee, Cun
ningham, Adams County, vice Poland
L. Hedrick, resigned.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Officers at tho Salem Peniten
tiary in Oregon Partake 'of a
Meal and Are Taken Very 111
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 7. — Leyi Sam
uel Bacon Slusser, one of the noted
pioneers of California, died last night.
Slusser reached this State in the
spring of 1847 and . returned to the
East In 1851 to bring cattle to Califor
nia! He, was one of the first men to
bring American cattle here and in so
doing laid the 'foundation for a large
fortune. He came to Sonoma County
in 1847, but later went to the mines
on the Feather, American and Yuba
rivers, where he remained for many
months. In 1855 he rettlrned to his
native State. of Pennsylvania and there
was married to, Miss, Sarah. Bowring,
who passed away at. the 'old home
place, on Mark West Creek in 18S3.'
Slusser was 84 years, and 9 months
of age at the time of his death . and
had been a resident of this vicinity
continuously for over fifty years. He
was one of the 'most prominent men of
Sonoma County and was ever in the
vanguard of progress. After coming
from the mines he left a trunk here
in possession of Thomas Hopper, with
whom he had crossed the plains. He
did not call for.lt for over two years
and in the interim made a trip East
with an ox team. The trunk con
tained $900,0 in gold dust and nug
gets and had lain under a bed in Hop
per's cabin." Slusser was a member of
the California Pioneers and took great
interest In that organization. His
death removes an Interesting figure
from this city and vicinity. One son,
William P. Slusser, of Mount Olivet
survives him.
Special Dispatch to Tb. Call.
CONVICTS GIVE
GUARDS POISON
The largest single Investment owned
by the Union Pacific is $90,000,000 of
Southern Pacific stock, on which no
revenue was received last year. None
will be received this year, but it is fair
to reckon upon a dividend of 3 per cent
on this stock In 1904-5 and thereafter,
which will increase the income from
securities by $2,700,000 annually, bring
ing It to practically $7,000,000.
NEW YORK, Dec. 7. — Rumors have
been revived concerning an early decla
ration of dividends on the Southern
Pacific stock. They do not appear to
have any official authority to rest upon.
Should they prove to be correct the
largest gainer would be the- Union Pa
cific.
In Such an Event Union Pacific, One
of Largest Stockholders, Would
Be Biggest Gainer.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
MAY DECLARE DIVIDEND
DEATH ENDS
A PIONEER'S
EVENTFUL LIFE
Cashier Goes to Prison.
COLUMBUSr-Ohio, Dec. 7.— Harry J.
Hoover pleaded guilty to making false
entries and fraudulent Issue of a cer
tificate as cashier of the People's Na
tional Bank of Newark, Ohio, to-day
and was sentenced to five years in the
penitentiary.
Defaulting Teller Arrested.
NEW YORK, Dec. 7.-J. M. Edge, for
mer note teller of the First National
Bank of Paterson. N. J., who disap
peared on August 5, 1902, and who was
later accused of having stolen $100,000
from the bank, has been arrested In
Memphis, Tenn. ,, -
Recent Developments Show That Many
Prominent Persons Have Been
" Engaged in Swindling.
NEW YORK, Dec. 7.— Startling dis
closures, based upon information ob
tained through a confession made by
Max Karnfield, a public fire adjuster,
who has been convicted of fraud In
connection with a claim of loss he had
himself put in and who will be sen
tenced on Friday, were made to-night
by Assistant District Attorney Garvan.
The cases of twelve persona who are
suspected of having defrauded insur
ance companies in a similar manner
will • be presented to the Grand Jury
within a few days. Among them are
three lawyers, several merchants, sev
eral public fire adjusters and two or
three adjusters employed by fire In
surance companies. Garvan declared
that fire Insurance companies have lost
hundreds of thousands of dollars
through paying false claims of loss.
One of these persons is a merchant
worth $500,000 and another la president
of a corporation which employs 400
men.
/ Fire patrolmen, men employed by the
board of fire underwriters to take
charge of properties after \ftres have
been extinguished and save as much
property as possible, Garvan alleges,
have been in league with the fire ad
justers. Instead of doing their duty,
he says, he knows that in many in
stances they have purposely damaged
goods by water for a fee paid by fire
adjusters.
ADJUSTERS AIDED BY
MANY CONFEDERATES
The Judgment due Samuel Stevenson
i& $100,000, for which secured notes have
been given. This leaves only $452,267
due to outside creditors on merchan
dise accounts. It is to the holders of
these outside claims that Dowle made
the offer of settlement.
The creditors who were represented
at the meetlnj thought the proposal
reasonable and a committee was ap
pointed to seek further details. If this
committee finds that Dowie's statement
of debts and resources is correct, it is
said, they will accept the proposal at
once and then seek to have the bank
ruptcy proceedings dismissed. Dowie's
statement of his resources included
land, buildings, stock in Zlon's lace in
dustry, bills receivable and other items
not named. Of his total Indebtedness
that due for bank deposits and shares
of stock in the various Zion industries
was placed at $3,193,679, maturing in
1913 and 1923. Bills payable on account
of land were placed at $313,403, due in
1903 and 1908.
CHICAGO, Dec. 7.— In a statement
which placed his assets at more than
four times as much as his liabilities
John Alexander Dowia to-day, at a
meeting attended by a majority of bis
creditors, submitted a proposal ;by
which it is believed that the financial
tangle at Zion City Will be straightened
out in a satisfactory manner.
In Dowie's communication bis assets
are declared to be $18,845,210 and his lia
bilities only $4,058,349.
Of the liabilities- $452,267 Is merchan
dise Indebtedness. Note3 bearing 5 per
cent interest were offered by Dowie In
settlement, and he agreed to take up 10
per cent of his indebtedness in three
months, 25 per cent in six months. 25
per cent In nine months and the re
maining 40 per cent in one year.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 7.— Charles
F. Murphy . is aimiog . high for his
friend, Mayor-Select McClellan of New
York. If statements made to-day by
members of the House from New York
and by other friends of the Mayor
elect are to be relied upon, the leader
of Tammany desires to present the
name of McClellan to the Democrats of
the country as. a candidate for Presi
dent, and he would like to do it in the
next national convention instead \ of
waiting until 1908. That, in the opinion
of Representatives from whbm the in
formation comes, is the reason Murphy
is fighting fihy of making any agree
ment with David B. Hill to have the
New York delegation to the. next na
tional convention vote solidly for Judge
Parker.
No one has dreamed that the Tam
many leader would take the man * he
made Mayor and seek to make Presi
dential timber out of him, all within
one year. But that is the only construc
tion given by. members of Tammany
who have been asked to explain the
denial by Murphy of any agreement
with Hill.
It is admitted that there is a very
strong feeling in New York In favor of 1
Parker. It is said that if Judge Park
er's 6nly support was Hill's strength,
then a close' fight might be looked for
in the' State convention.
Whether there will be a contest de
pends largely on the strength McClel- 1
l^n can^give himself during .the first
four or five months of his administra
tion as Mayor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 7.— Sensational
charges, against the old management
of the National Salt Company and Its
present receivers were made to-day,
when the matter of the sale of the
property of the company in this State
by the receiver to Samuel D. Halliday
came up in the" Supreme Court.
Halliday and the .receivers, Nathan
S. Beardslee and Frank P. McDermott,
asked Justice Leventritt to confirm the
sale.
This was opposed "by a number of
stockholders, who claimed that the
former management had mismanaged
the affairs of the company and had
paid JSOO.OOO unearned dividends out of
borrowed money, to enhance the value
of t^ieir stock holdings; that in the or
ganization of the National Salt Com
pany, with a capital of $30,000,000 to
take over the National Salt Company's
property, ¦ there was a conspiracy on
the part of Milo M. Belding, Edward L. 1
Fuller and Joy Morton to "freeze out"
minority stockholders of the National
Salt Company, and in pursuance of this
polipy an application for a receivership
and the sale of the property was made
in- the New Jersey courts. Receiver
Beardslee. it is charged, discouraged
intending bidders on the New York
property, telling them that the prop
erty would be Bold to the International
Salt Company, and It is further charged
that Halliday in buying the property
acted as an agent for the company,
and that the property sold for $337,500
was really worth $1,250,000, and. even
at forced sale, had a value of $750,000.
CHICAGO, Dec. 7.— Protesting tliat
he has no personal knowledge of the
accounts of the Fruit Growers' Ex r
press Company or . any agreement
which that concern \ may have had
i with the Porter Bros. Company, J.
j Ogden Armour, when placed on the
stand- before Bankruptcy Referee
"VVean, to-day declared that he could
I not help the creditors of the latter
j company to discover how much money
President James S. "Watson received as
rebates. Armour, who is the prln
jclpal owner of the Fruit Growers' Ex
press Company, was on. the stand for
two hours, all of which time he , was
busy answering or. refusing to answer
questions put to him by Attorney Bach
of New York. The lawyer, who was
acting for New York creditors of the
Porter Bros.- Company, had previously
learned from General Manager Rob
bins of the Fruit Growers' Express;
pompany-that Watson had received
about 1 $700,000 . as rebates from the
express company in six years. Bach
thought Armour 1 would be able to
give more information on this sub
ject, and also' tell how much Watson
received from the railroad companies
which' used cars, of the Fruif Growers'
Express Company 'in \ transporting
goods for" the Porter Bros, cqneern,
but in this the New York lawyer was
disappointed. , ""
The witness said that Armour & Co.
had made large loans to Watson and
the" Porter Bros. Company, though
he did ' not ' know ¦ how. 5 much-' or for
what purpose. Armour declared that
the company's only claim against the
Porter Bros.' estate to-day is for $60,
000, which is secured by Mr. .Watson's
life Insurance policy and stock of the
bankrupt company. ¦
Lively Fight in Prospect for
Control of the Delegation
From the . Empire State
New York Lawyer Seeks Infor
mation About Rates and Dis
counts but Is Disappointed
Creditors Will Investigate the
Claims and If Correct the
Receivers Will Be Removed
Claim Made That Dividends
Were Paid Out of Borrowed
Money' to Enhance Property
REBATES A LIVELY THEME
SAY STOCKS TVERE JUGGLED
HILL BACK OF PARKER
TANGLE MAY BE SETTLED
In His Statement Liabilities
Are Mere ilite Compared to
the Assets of Zion City
Tammany Leader Is Grooming
Mayor Elect for Democrat
ic Presidential " Nomination
Some Sensational Allegations
Are Made Against Managers*
of the National Salt Company
Chief Owner of Fruit Growers'
Express Company Says Little
AtJout . the Porter Concern
DOWIE MAKES
GOOD SHOWING
MURPHY'S HOPE
IS M'CLELLAN
ARMOUR SILENT
ABOUT WATSON
SHAREHOLDERS
CHARGE FRAUD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALt, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1903.
A Guaranteed Cure for Files.
Itching Blind, Bleeding or Protrudlnjf Pile*.'
Tour • druggist -will . refund '= money if Pa«o
Ointment falls to cure you in 0 to 14 dart. SOc*
• Corporations and the public! sometimes
have Interests in common, as is the case
on pas ranges, between the public and 8.
F. Gas and Electric Co., 415 Post st.' ?
We have all the new pictures and
frames for. the holiday trade now on ex
hibition and sale: Come and see them.
Sanborn, Vail & Co. •
BERLIN, I>«c. 7. — The growth of ' the popu
lation - of Germany \ In 1902. regarding which
statistics have Just been tabulated, was the
greatest ever known, amounting to 002.J12,
or 15.61 per 1000, compared with 15.09 in 1901,
and 14.63, the average for the last ten years.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HARPER
BOOKS
FOR
QIFTS^
LADY ROSE'S DAUGHTER
Unquestionably "the leading novel of
the year." Illustrated t>y Christy.
DR. LAVENDAR'S PEOPLE
By Margaret Deland, author of "Old
Chester Tales." "Dr. Lavendar takes
precedence over all country parsons,
with the possible (only possible) ex-
ceptions of the Vicar of Wakefield
and Balzac's Village Priest." — Interior
(Chicago).
CHERRY
Booth Tarkington's latest book \\
' a side-splitting comedy, new and orig-
inal, daintily bound and illustrated m
colors.
THE MAIDS Of PARADISE
Robert W. Chambers' latest novel —
a romance of the Franco-Prussian
war, with one of the most attractive
heroines Mr. Chambers ever drew.
HESPER
Hamlin Garland's new love story of
the West, its heroine a New York
society girl. The unconventional life
of a miner's camp is charmingly de-
picted.
A KEYSTONE OF EMPIRE
The lives of the Emperor of Austria
and the ill-fated Empress Elizabeth
are further chronicled in this book
by the author of "The Martyrdom of
an Empress."
HAWTHORNE AND HIS CIRCLE
"One of the most delightful surveys
of the literary men of Hawthorne's
period." — Baltimore Sun.
PORTRAITS OF THE SIXTIES
Tennyson, Carlyle and. many others
are pictured as they were known to
Justin. McCarthy, author of "Remin-
iscences."
THE HEART OF HYACINTH j
A Japanese love story by Onoto Wa-
tanna, author of "A Japanese Nightin-
gale." The publishers have put it in
dainty covers and graced every page
with delicate Japanese decorations.
MOTHER AND FATHER
Roy Rolfe Gilson first published
these two stories in Harper's Maga-
zine, .where they -had instant popular-
ity. They are here presented as an
artistic book, exquisitely illustrated
by Alice Barber Stephens.
THE HUNTING OF THE SNARK
Ad Other Poems
Uniform with the Peter Newell Edi-
tion of "Alice in Wonderland" and-
"Through the Looking-Glass."-
TWO PRISONERS
(Russell Imprint)
This is a dainty story by Thomas
Nelson Page, exquisitely bound, and'
printed with full-page pictures in r deli-
cate colors.
ORCHARD-LAND
By Robert -»W. Chambers, author of
"Qutdoorland." The denizens of the
orchard tell their stories to little hu-
man friends.
THE STORIES
OF PETER AND ELLEN
By the author of the well-known
"Roggie and Reggie" stories and
"The -Lovable Tales of Janey and
Josie and Joe." Charmingly, illus-
trated in full, color.
HARPER &.BROTHERS.NewYork
DR. KILMEB'S SWAMP-BOOT. s "' ' ' _^l^^i
Test for |||i|i||j|||Mi|| ;
I § Curatii^! Properties of Swamp-Bop
To Prove What Swamp-Root, the World-Famous Kidney, Liver and Bladde
Remedy, Will do For YOU, Every Reader of The Call May . 0
Have a Sample Bottle FREE.
\jfjf W | L L I A M MOOR M| | f I^JOH/I R q u tJt'jFjH* 6 jP |W. K'pREDENBUROljfJl^
GENTLEMEN : — Some two years ago I was so run down that I lacked strength, had no ap-
petite and could not sleep nights. Sometimes it seemed as though my back would break in two
after stooping. I had to get up many times during the night to urinate and go often through the day.
After having the best physicians prescribe for me without relief, I decided from my symptoms that
the medicine I needed was Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and bladder remedy.
After trjing a sample bottle with good results I purchased six bottles of the regular size, and after
taking them was entirely cured. Swamp-Root is a wonderful remedy when a man is not feeling
well, after exposure or loss of sleep and irregular meals. It is also a great medicine to tone up a
man's system. Other members of the Police force are using and recommending Swamp-Root. They,
like myself, cannot say too much in praise of this great remedy.
The officers (whose signatures accompany this letter), as well as myself, thank you for the
good you have accomplished in the compounding of Swamp-Root. -Y.
We remain, yours; very truly, . \
&&&+- 'Wj^C^// Patrolman.
Officers of the Binghamton, N. Y., Police Department. &r f : f-£^*^A^
If you are Blck or "feel badly," begin taking the famous Unhealthy kidneys cause rheumatism, gravel, catarrh of th<
r.ey discovery. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, because as soon as bladder, pain or dull ache in the back, joints and muscles
your' kidneys are getting better they will help all the make your head ache and back ache; cause Indigestion
other organs to health A trial will convince anv one stomach and liver trouble; you get a sallow, yellow complex
«.,,[„„, ,, "* ,.?¦¦ £,* " con " nce any one. lon; make { { though you had heart .trouble; yoi
\\eak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for more may have plenty of ambition, but no strength; get weak an<
sickness and suffering than any other disease, therefore waste away. \
£i 1 i.1 I V h . roush " e & le " °r otner causes kidney trouble is per- Swamp-Root Is pleasant to take and is used in the leadinj
muted to continue fatal results are sure to follow. Kidney hospitals, recommended by physicians In their private prac
trouDie irritates the nerves, makes you dizzy, restless, sleep. tlce and is taken by doctors themselves, because they recog
less and Irritable. Makes you pass water often through the nlze in it the greatest and most successful remedy that ha;
cay and obliges you to get up many times during the night. ever been discovered.
EDITORIAL NOTICE— Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and bladder remedy is so remarkibly successful that a
special arrangement has oeen made by which all of oiir readers who have not already tried, it mav have a sample bottle
s*nt ebFolutely free by mail Also a book telling all about kidney and bladder troubles and containing many of the thou-
sands upon thousands of testimonial letters received from men and women cured by Swamp-Root. In writlne, be sure and
mention that you read this generous offer In The San Francisco Dally Call when sending your address to Dr. 'Kilmer
fie Co., Blnghamton, N. Y. \ .'-•'-
i If f yo £^ e alrea <? y convinced that Swamp-Root Is what you need, you can purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-dol-
lar size bottles at the drug stores everj'where. Don't make any mistake, but remember the name, Swamp-Root — Dr.
Kilmers Swamp-Root — and the address, Blnghamton. X. Y., on every bottle.
gOOOOOOOCaOOOOOOOOeC6O3COOOOOOOOOOOaOOOOO(DOOOCOO9OOGOO©(?OCO»©O©OOO0 fl
I ABSOLUTE LIFE INSURANCE SFnilRITY 1
2 * 2
• IS OFFERED THROUGH THE NEW q
8 COMBINATION LIFE, ACCIDENT AND HEALTH POLICIES j
O NOW BEING ISSUED BY THE fl
! Conservative Life Insurance Co. !
8 "The Most Successful'^ |
g Like National Bank Notes, Its Policies are protected by reserves deposited •
g with the Government from which Charter is derived. «
S They are therefore positively safe. ' .'.- 8
9 ''%-'.'"; « • • *
O 1— BECAUSE their reserves are secured by deposit of approved securities with the California State Treas- S
© urer. r-?s\.,' • »
g 2— BECAUSE their value, therefore, is not dependent on the character of the management of the company 8
O 3— BECAUSE reserves guaranteeing Conservative Life policies are equal in amount to those of all old-line fl
O companies and in addition These Funds Are Placed With the Government Without Recall. S
g 4— BECAUSE the following guaranty of the State of California appears on Conservative Life policies- ' S
9 Compare the following Indorsement with that on a United States National Bank note 9
• , • «
O IXSURAXCE DEPAR13IENTJ STATE OP CALDTOILMA •
O y^l&^'^T^v THIS TOUCY IS REGISTERED WITH THIS DEPARTMBVT AVr» '•
• X$ty^E?*QSK THE KI2SER\T3 TIIEREOX IS SECURED BY APPROVED SFTimrr^c •
« /W/dfeiQ>^ OX DEPOSIT WITH THE TREASURER OF THE ! STATE 1 OF rffiffi' •
8 M&R? m TTiE CTATE?™ ED BY SECTIOX 634 ° F THE C0d|°OP g
% • & W -¦¦ 8
g INSURANCE C030IISSIOXER. g
| ...A California Company... S
S OFT Ina^cSe^u!K^ Abraham.on building, Oak ,and, gHAVANA. Dec. 7. — To-day was observed
as a national holiday la Cuba, It b«lnr th*
seventh anniversary of the death of General
Macro, who was killed while daringly attempt
ing to raise an army in Havana provlac* with
which to attack Matanzas. and also the an
niversary of the death of General Gomez's eld
est son. who was Maceo's ald-de-camo and
who was shot while trying to rescue Macto't
body.
Gans Beats Holly.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 7. — In a Bix
round bout at the National Athletic
Club to-night Joe Gans put Dave Holly
to the floor several times, but Holly
easily responded before .the limit of the
count in each case. The bout was fa
lively one, but Gans had the better of
the argument throughout.
One in four of the people in Chicago is
a German.
SAX RAFAEL. Dec. 7.— As a result
of smuggling opium into the State
Prison at San Quentin, Alex. Hernan
dez. R. M. Gonzales and Manuel Baca
nara must serve eight years each in
Folsom penitentiary. These convicts
had only a few months more to serve
when they were caught and confessed
to Warden Tompklns.
Convict Smugglers Are Sentenced.
DESSAU, Germany, Dec. 7.— Frau
Fischer, a lion tamer, was torn to
pieces to-day by four -lions in a me
nagerie cage In sight of a great crowd
of people. She was trying to make a
lion spring through a hoop and struck
it with a whip, whereupon the animal
leaped upon her and disemboweled her
at one stroke. The woman shrieked
once and the three other lions joined in
the attack on her and fought among
themselves for fragments of the flesh.
There was a frightful panic among th$
spectators and many persons were in
jured.
Finally the lion tamer's assistants,
armed with iron rods and hooks, suc
ceeded in dragging the animals from
the woman's mangled body.
. The children of Frau Fischer were in
a box witnessing the performance
when their mother was killed.
Mr. and Mrs. Xewhall left imme
diately after the ceremony for San
Francisco, where they are spending
their honeymoon. Xewhall is 22 years
of age and his wife is two years
younger. Maneri some time ago drove
Newhall from his home with a shot
gun, and It is said be has not yet -be
come reconciled to the marriage.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 7.— Because her
father objected to her suitor, fcretty
Gertie Manerl, an Italian girJ, has
eloped with Fred Xewhall, a/young
man well known about the city.
About ten days ago the couple se
cured a marriage license, but Manerl
Sr. became aware of the fact and be
fore they could get married he had
practically made his daughter a
prisoner. It is said he kept her locked
in a room at home for a week. Last
Friday, however, she managed to get
away from home and met Xewhall.
They, arranged to be married the next
day. At the appointed time the two
met at the residence of Justice Wal
lace, who tied the knot.
Special Pispatch to The Call.
Animals Leap Upon a Trainer
and Tear Her to Pieces in
Presence of Many Spectators
Italian 3Iaid of San Jose Runs
Away From Home and Mar
ries Secretly Despite a Protest
CAGED LIONS
KILL WOMAN
LOVERS STIR
A PAPA'S IRE
Everything that is new, good and mod
erate priced in trunks, valises, dress suit
cases, ~ traveling sets. : pocketbooks ? and
wrist bags for .the holiday trade now on
sale. ; ¦ AH leather, goods, lettered in ; gold
free of charge. : Sanborn. -Vail & Co. *i
¦in»rfn»ri i nnii in i • i i 1 1 mi iifrrl in
: CHICAGO, Dec. 7.— Although "the order pro
hibiting-buttons pother* than coniDany badges
or ¦ Insignia to be worn on . uniforms was made,
effective • to-day. : according | to the :¦ new . rule
book of , th? ; Chicago ; City Railway ; Company,
no ; man was ; disciplined •• when~ he appeared
wearing the union button ' in open violation ' of
the edict. 'WUBBBSSBBKBtM ~~
Mrs. Coit added one most important
• feature to her. previous evidence, i "Af
! ter shooting Major McClung," she\aid,
\ "Garnett advanced to me with' the pis-
exander Garnett. • *
She repeated the testimony she gave
to Coroner Leland when that official
took her evidence in her rooms last
week. Mrs. Colt told of being In her
rooms with Major McClung, who had
paid a friendly call; of the sudden en-,
trance of Alexander Garnett in an ex
cited manner, of the latter's wild ap
pearance and of his drawing a revolver
from his waistband and of the effort
of Major McClung to disarm Garnett
and of the firing of the shot by Gar
nett that resulted in the death of the
man who had sought to defend her from
murderous attack.
Questioned by District Attorney. By
ington, Mrs. Coit once again told of
theproceedlngs that took place in her
rooms at the Palace Hotel on the even
iqg of November 25 last, which resulted
in the killing of Major McClung by Al-
seated, Alexander Garnett was re
leased from the dock. He walked
with a jaunty air to the attorneys'
table and took a chair next to Mrs.
Coit's nurse and then arose and
walked to the end of the table and
sat next to his attorney. W. Alford.
Garnett never once looked at Mrs.
Coit and the woman, whose testimony
is so important in the case, avoided
looking in the direction of the man
who shot down her old friend in her
presence without warning or cause.
All the witnesses In the case were
present in the court when Judge Fritz
announced that he was ready to
begin the preliminary examination.
Mrs. Coit was the first witness called
and she took her scat on the witness
stand and was sworn by Judge Fritz.
Mrs. Coit was cool and collected and
gave her evidence In a convincing
manner. There was no attempt on
the part of the witness to shield the
accused man. On the contrary, she
testified to fact3 that were most dam
aging.
EVIDENCE IS DAMAGING.
When Judge Fritz called the case
of Garnett, Mrs. Coit entered the court
room, accompanied by her hospital
nurse and Attorney Creswell.
She was garbed in black and her
face was hidden by a black veil, the
only relief to the somber ctolor being
the white lace edging to the sleeves
of her coat. '• -~.\ '-.
The eyewitness to the murder of
Major McClung was given a seat at
the attorneys' table. Her nurse sat
on one side of her and her attorney
on the other Bide.
A few seconds after Mrs. Coit was
IS GARBED IN BLACK.
Garnett listened closely to the evi
dence in the Feld case, but he betrayed
no emotion. He shifted his seat in the
dock as he listened, to the evidence
and kept his eyes on the various wit
nesses.
Mrs. Lillian Hitchcock Coit. the soli
tary eyewitness to the murder of
Major J. W. McClung by Alexander
Garnett, which occurred in Mrs. Coit's
apartments at the Palace Hotel on the
evening of November 2^ last, gave her
testimony yesterday morning in the
courtroom cf Police Judge Fritz, at
the preliminary examination of the ac
cused man. .•¦*¦ '.*
Mrs. Colt, attended by a trained
hospital nurse and Attorney Creswell,
arrived at the Hall of Justice in a
carriage, and was at once escorted to
the office of District Attorney Bying
ton. _ '
Mrs. Coit remained in the office o.
the District Attorney until a few
minutes before the case of Garnett was
called by Judge Fritz.
Garnett, the man accused of the
murder of Major McClung, was taken
to the courtroom half an hour before
his case was called. He was locked up
in the dock and listened to the testi
mony in the murder case of ex-Police
Officer Feld, who ruthlessly shot and
killed his father-in-law. Fritz Dirking.
Dr. G. Martin and Dr. G., F. Shiels
also testified as to the condition of Ma
jor, McClung and his being informed
that he . was fatally wounded and was
likely to die. ,
Dr. Shiels, an old friends of , Major
McClung, again recited 'the. statement
TESTIMONY OF, DOCTORS.
Mrs. Dr. Whitney was the nextwlt
ness to follow Mrs. Coit. The evidence
of Mrs. Whitney showed how Garnett
had appeared at her rooms In the Pal
ace Hotel on the night of November 25
and asked for Dr. Whitney. The wit
ness described Garnett as being exclr
ed and appearing in despair. Mr e.
Whitney also recounted how she had
accompanied Garnett to" Mrs. Colt's
rooms and finding Major McClung in a
wounded condition and of her summon
ing Dr. Shiels to attend the wounded
man. . ' -,¦>-..
At the close of her evidence Mrs. Colt
left the witness stand and, accompa
nied by her nurseand her attorney, de
parted from the courtroom. The party
descended to the street and entered a
carriage and returned to the Palace
Hotel. , -
"Did you not ask Garnett," said At
torney Alford, "where he had placed
some oysters he had bought for you
just previous to his leaving your room
that night." . . ,
"I did not," was the emphatic reply
of Mrs. Colt.
Attorney Alford then tried to show
that Garnett had no motive to harm
Mrs. Colt by questioning her as to the
terms on which Garnett lived free of
charge at the Brooklyn Hotel and that
she did not have any power to order
him from the place, as his living at tho
hotel was guaranteed In the lease be
tween herself as owner and her ten
ants.
Prompted by Garnett. his attorney
asked Mrs. 'Colt If she had not parted
very friendly on the night on which he
had quarreled with her over a game of
cards.
Questioned as to Garnett's motive in
coming to her rooms with the intention
of harming her, Mrs. Colt again told of
how Garnett lived free at the Brooklyn
Hotel, which she owned,. and how she
had heard from McClung that Garne.tt
feared he would be turned out of the
hotel as a result of the insulting lan
guage he had used to Mrs. Colt over a
game of bridge whist.
QUESTIONS OF MOTIVE.
Mrs. Colt told' of the insulting lan
guage used to her by Garnett ten days
previous to the murder, when he swore
at her over a game of bridge whist,
when she ordered him from her rooms
and told him never to return.
A hush fell upon the crowded court
room when District Attorney Byington
showed Mrs. Colt the revolver with
which Garnett had shot McClung. In
a perfectly cool manner, Mrs. Colt ad
justed her lorgnette, looked at the
nickel plated revolver In the hand of
the District Attorney, and said that
it looked like the pistol she saw in the
hands of Garnett when McClung was
shot.
Mrs. Cult then recounted the strug
gle she had with Garnett in the bath
room, where she had gone to usejthe
telephone to summon <r^}, and of the
.arrival of a maid of the hotel and the
subsequent coming of the doctors and
Garnett's departure, after throwing the
pistol at her feet.
IDENTIFIES THE REVOLVER.
"Gamett replied to me, "You don't,
don't you?' and continued to try to pull
back the hammer of his pistol. Then I
said to him, 'I don't want to die yet.*
and then he dropped his hand with the
revolver In it."
tol in his hand. He placed the 'weapon
In front of me and he tried to pull back
the hammer with one hand while he
held the revolver in the other. !
"He said to me. 'Major McClung is
shot,' or 'I have shot McClung,' I can
nc-t remember which; and then he said,
'I will do you.up,' or 'I will kill you.*
"I told him 1 did not want to be
killed."
Only sixteen to one hundred victims of
Bright's disease are under 45 years o^
1
MRS. LILLIAX HITCHCOCK,-COIT TESTIFYING AT THE PRELIMI
NARY EXAMINATION OF ALEXANDER GARNETT, CHARGED
WITH THE MURDER OF MAJOR J. \V. McCLUXG.
. The j executive of the mis
sionary... conference, which is to be
opened .In. San Francisco .on April 28
next.v held-.; an important meeting yes
terday.. It was agreed to -engage the
Alhambra Theater, in which to hold the
convention. It' was also resolvedrto
dispatch to the* board of bishops a
cordial invitation to hold their annual
convention «in this. city, which conven
tion will take' place, at the end of next
April. At the meeting were Rev.' Dr.
George B. Smyth, Rev. Dr. J. N. Beard,
Rev Dr. F. M. Larkin, Rev. Dr. Filben,
Rev. Dr.VE.\R. Willis, Rev. Dr. M^C.
Harris, ; Rev. Dr. A. : C. Bane and Rev.
Dr. John Stephens.
Members of the Women's, Home Mis
sion Society of the Methodist Episcopal
church met at the Japanese Womari's
Home yesterday and listened .to an ac
count from Mrs. E. R. Willis, who was
a delegate to the twenty-first annual
meeting of the general society of {he
Woman's Home Mission, held at Chat
tanooga, Tenn. Mrs. Willis said that
the large sum of > $91,000 had been
pledged for the general work of the
Woman's Home Mission during the an
nual meeting. The sum subscribed was
$25,000 more ! than last year, when the
meeting was held at Kansas
Bishop Hamilton; addressed the gath
ering, a» did Dr. George Smyth and
Mrs. Smyth. Mrs. Hamilton, president
of the society, received the/members.
The Congregationalism ! ministers'
meeting took place at the Young Men s
Christian Association building yester
day, Rev. William Rader and Rev. Mr.
Brooke of Oakland presiding in turn.
Rev Dr. George C. Adams addressed
the assemblage, his discourse being de
voted to the Book of Genesis.
Rev. Myron W. Haynes, pastor of
the Belden Avenue Baptist Church.
Chicago, and who has received a call
from "the First Baptist Church of San
Francisco, addressed a larjre body of
clergymen of his denomination yester
day The reverend gentleman spoke
chiefly of the possibilities of work in
thi« city and of the encouraging con
dition of the church here. Rev. Mr.
Haynes is to return to Chicago, where
he will consult his family before re
plying to the call from the First Bap
tist Church. , ...
The regular monthly meeting of the
Woman's Occidental Board of Foreign
Missions was held at 920 Sacramento
street yesterday, Mrs. Cyrus S. Wright
presiding. « Miss Donaldina M. Cam
eron announced that two little Chinese
slave girls had been rescued and were
inmates of the mission.- Ah Ycung, the
foster daughter of the late Chew Bin,
and who had been found to l>e neglect
ed and abused by the widow of Chew
Bin, who -was the fifth spouse of the
late Chew, he having left two other
surviving wives in China to deplore
their loss, had been given into the
charge of the Occidental board by the
child's foster brother and uncle. Little
Ah Young may, have litigation with
Mrs. Chew Bin -owing to property left
by Chew to the girl.
Redolpho Hummel addressed ¦ the
meeting and explained his forthcoming
mission to Africa -#*¦ a missionary.
Miss Sarah- M. White has offered her
services to the board as a student vol
unteer in foreign fiqjds.
WOMEN'S BIG OFFERINGS. .
HEAR CHICAGO MINISTER.
The Rev? Dr. Larkin submitted In
great candor that it was hard to ac
quire a state of patience," long suffer
ing and brotherly love. While he had
witnessed self-abnegation among a
congregation that was edifying and en
couraging, on the other hand at con
ferences it seemed to appear as though
all things would go to smash in the
"scramble for office and for. place." He
admitted that he himself had not yet
reached that point of self-abnegation,
b'ut he would never be diplomatic, and
yet w^re he appointed to a position
undesirable, he had prepared to sus
tain himself and family. His 'opinion
was that if bishops and elders would
make appointments without bias or fa
voritism there were men who would in
that event go to the end of the world
without complaint. »-~_
The Rev. Dr. M. C. Harris held that
it was not in the nature of the Anglo-
Saxon to show that humility and mod
esty and reserve that would lead him
to ask for a more obscure place and
stand aside and give the first place
to another. , . •
scrabble circuit," should have the
place of preference.
Whereat the other passengers, espe
cially the two young; women, stared at
him curiously. — Philadelphia Ledger.
Lawrence d'Orsay has a reputation
for absent-mindedness. That It is de
served was proved the other day on
an eJevated train. The actor was rid
ing downtown on his way to appear In
a matinee performance. As he was
gazing abstractedly out of the window
two younff women, sitting across the
car. kept "p a lively flow of conversa
tion.
"And have you heard from Sarah?"
asked ore of them.
D'Orsay— recalling in the midst of his
day dream that one of his cues in "The
Kurl of Patvtucket" was "And have you
ht ard from Sarah?" — straightened up in
his seat and said:
"Aw, yes. I have a telegram from
Sarah. Sarah's bettah."
Besponded to His Cue.
Attorney Alford, who represents Gar
nett, stated yesterday that he would
not make any,! defense for . his client in
the Police Court \ and that he would
not > put* Garnett on the witness ,• stand
this morning. : From Alford's statement
Garnett's: defense will be that of in
sanity.
* Nora'KenealyJ a maid at the Palace
Hotel, repeated the testimony she gave
at the Coroner's inquest. Her evidence
simply tended to show that she had
seen Major McClung in a wounded
condition in. Mrs. Colt's rooms and of
the witness handing Garnett his over
coat when he returned to the apart
ment shortly after the shooting of Mc-
Clung. .
: Detectives Cody and Ryan testified to
securing the revolver used by Garnett
in shooting . McClung and the arrest | of
Garnett in Oakland and the statement
made by the latter, that he had; shot
McClung in self-defense, as already
published in The Call. . ..
Owing to the absence of Dr.' Baciga
lupi, the autopsy, surgeon, the further
hearing of .the: case was adjourned un
til this morning at 10 o'clock. ', "
"Am I testifying as a witness or as
an expert?" replied Dr. . Shiels. "I am
telling you by anatomical distances and
not by mathematical measurements.
The width of the ribs of a man varies
from the width of the ribs of a baby."
Attorney Alford denied any intention
of being technical with the witness and
ended \hls cross-examination.
DEFENSE OF INSANITY.
made to him by McClung when the lat- |
ter was informed that he was about to I
die. Dr. Shiels repeated the statement
of McClung. who had informed the
doctor that Garnett had sought to harm
Mrs. Coit and in defending her he (Mc-
Clung) had been threatened by Garnett
and shot by him In the struggle that i
followed between the two men.
There was a slight tilt between Dr. !
Shiels and Attorney Alford for the de
fense when the attorney cross-exam
ined the Vitncss. V
Alford sought to ascertain how far
below the bullet had lodged in the. back
of McClung compared to the point of
entry. Dr. Shiels answered by telling
of the distance in ribs and spaces, but
Alford wanted to -know the distance by,
actual Inches.
The Methodist ministers met at Ep
worth League Hall yesterday. The
Rev. L. H. Baker, j an evangelist from
Ohio, in speaking of the Pentecost, de
clared that there was not enough
brotherly feeling among ministerial
bodies. He regretted that, as a rule,
there was not that Christian abnega
tion to influence a person who was
being appointed to a good holding to
step back and advise that one whom
he knew to be equally competent, but
who was being appointed to a "hard-
The~Rev. James Woodworth spoke to
the. subject and Professor Day said
that there must be subordination some
where. He said that they must have
material before they could have the
science of geology or astronomy. To
day, said Professor Day, they found
men meeting and looking eye v to eye
and coming to mutual understanding.
Peace, he said, and not strife was dom-'
Inatlng.
The Rev. E. E. Clarke was of the
opinion that the Intelligence of the
people was sometimes overrated and
held that from his experience the peo
ple did not study DarWin and Spencer.
The Rev. Mr. Clarke did not attribute
the, lack of attendance at churches to
unbelief, but" he considered that the
swirl of modern enjoyment was re
sponsible.
Following the Rev. Mr. Clarke came
the Rev. Dr. John T. Wills, who de
clared it as his opinion that the people
of San Francisco did not fail attend
ing the churches owing to any un
belief, because he and other ministers
could testify that the very men who
did not do so were the very first • in
time of trouble to come to the min
ister. That showed belief in those
very men who abstained from attend
ing their church, a neglect probably
due to surrounding circumstances.
Redolpho'B. Hummel, a student at
Stanford University, spoke of the great
good that was being achieved by the
prayer circles in which Stanford stu
dents take part privately.
CHRISTIAN ABNEGATION.
Dr. Vanhee asked whether any of the
sciences could create the -sun, the
moon, the stars. Could it be said of
science, he asked, that she was self
existing, that she was capable of crea
tion? He replied in the negative and
declared that God was the original
source of all knowledge and his will
was revealed "by holy men of old and
proved by the miracles'of Jesus Christ,
the only mediator between God and
man. "\,. ''..'¦¦
SCIENCE XOT' CREATIVE.
The variocs minsters, clubs and mis
sionary societies were busy in this city
yesterday. The Presbyterian ministers
met at the" Presbyterian Mission Home,
Sacramento street, and listened to a
profound address by the Rev. Dr. Edgar
Vanhee, late of Sydney, Australia. The
doctor gave a lucid explanation of his
subject, "Science Subordinate to Reve
lation."
Among other things Dr. Vanhee said
that if people would realize the authen
ticity of God there would be greater
faith, greater zeal, less skeptics and
few empty churches.
There were people, he ; said, who
thought that religion was for the weak
minded and he asked, if that were the
case, hoyr was It that religion had stood
for civilizing the world, had stood the
tests of mighty war and^had remained
victorious and pre-eminent over polit
ical opposition?
Dr. Vanhee asked 'whether any hu
man intelligence could give the world
a religion to take its place? He con
tended that the prophecies of the scrip
ture were being fulfilled , dally and re
futed "the cssertions sometimes, made
that the scripture was antiquated. He
feared there were those who expected
that the church should lean to the car
nal — to the expounding of sensational
politics of the day, and many required
the accessories of highly paid vocalists
as a means to invite the congregations.
In holding that science was subordinate
to revelation, the speaker said that the
genesis of all things was ascribed to
God, even by heathen mythology, while
the sacred historians had admitted k he
fact. , f
At the alarm of fire Cummings sprang
from his bed and tried to make his way
out, but was overcome in the hall and
perished In the flames. The hotel was
a two-story brick building, on I street,
in Kern City. The fire started in a
room occupied by Mrs. Paine. Gerald
Dudy. a youngster who was playing in
the room, upset an oil stove and in an
instant the room was ablaze. Mrs.
Paine cried for help and William Myers
ran from an adjoining room and en
deavored to throw the stove out of the
window and had his hands badly
burned.
Mrs. Paine, with her face, hair and
hands badly burned, rushea down the
hall warning the lodgers, several of
v. horn were in their rooms. The build
ing was a roaring furnace when the
railroad shopmen arrived on the scene
with their fire apparatus, but when
they heard that'people were still in the
building they dashed in and brought
out a body burned to a crisp. C. E. Van
Dame, a timekeeper, was in the hall
ivay after the upstairs portion was
ablaze. He is positive he saw two bod
ies near the top of the stairs. There
are others who stated they saw two
bodies at the head of the stairs, but
Chief Willow says there was only one
body there.
BAKERSFIEL.D, Dec. 7.— George
Cummings. a well known citizen and
pioneer of* Kern County, was burned
to death in a flre which destroyed the
I^ern Hotel this morning. -
Xummings came to this county in the
early days and settled near Tehachapi,
in what is known as Cummings Valley,
the place being named after him. He
came to Kern for medical treatment
last week and was operated on and con
fined to his bed.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
Want of Brotherly Love and
Christian Abnegation Are
Among Subjects Considered
Men Declare That Two Other
Persons Were Burned to
Death, but It Is Not Believed
LODGERS RACE FR03I FIRE
JfANY TOPICS DISCUSSED
Profound Religious Thinkers
Deliver Interesting Talks at
Well - Attended .Meetings
Well-Known Besidcnt of Kern
County the Victim of a Blaze
Which Destroyed Small Hotel
Alexander Garhett, Arraigned for Murder,
Sits Unmoved During Proceedings and
His Attorney Hints at Insanity Defense
CANDID TALKS
BY CLERGYMEN
MRS. COIT TESTIFIES IN COURT
AND GIVES DAMAGING EVIDENCE
PIONEER DIES
IN THE FLAMES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", TUESDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1903.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
V^Sm il ® VE and beau -
/r * (S tiful is the co lec-
(/^2£>l tion of Furniture
Novelties we have
here for the
Holiday Season.
Every article displays
beauty, strength and
exclusi v e n e s s — t h e
attractive things that
are so appropriate
for Christmas gifts.
Especial attention is
directed to our Toilet
Tables, Dressing
Tables and Desks for
Ladies, beautiful in
appearance — perfect-
ly made. It is well
to remember that we
have an unrivaled
stock of Carpets,
Draperies, Fabrics
and Rugs.
ST.
opp. Kearny
OOJTT POEOZT THAT
ED, EVATT
rOB 22 TEARS WITH T. ZiXTZTST
Is at 7& Geary St.
With ¦ fln* 6teck of Diamonds, Watche*.
Jfwltr. Cut Glass .-.rid So'.id Sllvcrwar*.
No trior* f>0 l>er «nt profit on roods.
Coar.e and •« xae and «ave money.
EVATT & HINKLE
76 Geary Street,
ores Evxarraras. . .
The common taste for va-
nilla is formed on tonka, a
strong coarse flavor. Real va-
nilla — Schilling's Best — is
delicate soft fine rich creamy
and not ovcrstrong.
¦ ADVEBTISEJPaTTS. '
Just 90c-That's AH
These hats are as good as fhe regular $1.50 hat such as yotibay
anywhere. >
The shapes are Fedoras, Graecos, Dunlap Crushers, Tourists.
Three-in-Ones— a large wide brim shape with dented crown, and
several other stylish shapes. They come in black and colors for
those, who want them.
Every one is union-made and bears the label. See them in our
windows — you can tell in a minute that they are values at the price.
,Good for everyday wear, and you can easily afford two or three
different shapes. Money saved in buying your, needs leaves more to
• spend for Christmas. • '
Out-of-Town Orders Filled— Write Us.
740 Market Street
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 1^ /"'hfS*/^ H & sfVfP^5 Iff B Htt^l jC^ x ffivir^fT?-^ 1
Genuine-^yrtlpOT FlgS, \ 3^W A
The Genuine is Manufactured by the AftfeW|^^
California Fig Syrup Co.
Tfi© full name of the company, California Rig Syrup Co, W^-^^^^^^^^i
\m printed on the front of every package of the genuine. ££l£sW&2tffiM&$
The Genuine- Syrup of Figs- is for Sale, in Original tet^^^^^ffl
Packages Only, by Reliable Druggists Everywhere . |v^?SpT.4> :R^|
Knowing the above will enable one to avoid the fraudulent imha- vSSSjfc^-^^^^M
tions made by piratical concerns and sometimes offered by unreliable; ¦ plr?!^^! *'^P™ffw
dealers. The imitations are known to act injuriously and should t^^^^y|v^^^H
therefore be declined. IS^t^^W^i^
Buy the genuine always if you wish to get its beneficial effects. M%5*
It. cleanses the system gently yet effectually, dispels colds and headaches l V-*X^- : '- f^S'f -I^S
when bilious or constipated, prevents fevers and acts best on the V^0
kidneys, liver, stomach and bowels, when a laxative remedy is needed t$-*'f*-WMi iH!
by men, women or children. Many millions know of its beneficial f^U *^^^J§
effects from actual use and of their own personal knowledge. It is the //$. : /^l^^3S
laxative remedy of the well-informed. j&fij J^J:'^N^^
Always buy the Genuine- Syrup of Figs *!^^!^jf^^^^^^h
LoybYiOc.Hjc 5&nH*ncisco # Cai. RcftYork. H&Jffii
rKJCZ rvu GuTTS FER-eOIILb - \ t i !!?.¦•?•:.:><*¦•Warner Cooe are also in the cast, as
well 'as a number of younger people
wh$se names will be published later.
Mrs. -.Eugene Young: is, chairman of
the committee of arrangements, assist
ed by Mrs. Arthur Caldwell. Mrs. D. B.
¦ Pingree and Mrs. T. L. Kemp. The
committee- on tickets and 'advertising
includes Miss Ida Vosburgh (chair
man). Miss Josie Meison, Miss Mabel
Parker, . E. A. Young, Miss Ida
Egll and Mrs. Macdoud. The refresh
ment committee is composed' of Miss
Jcaie Meison (chairman), Mrs. de Lan
cey McDonald, Mrs. Neighbor, Mrs.
Bliss and Mrs. .Robert Gaylord.
Mrs. J. J. Warner has the music in
charge, and ' "The Birds' Christmas
Carol" is .being rehearsed under the su
pervision of Mrs. Sidney Yard and Mrs.
Mabel Garthwalte Cockroft.
The entertainment is to be presented
at Y. M. C. A. Hall on Thursday even-
Ing:, December 10, and on the following
Saturday afternoon.
Cojurtesy Circle Arranges to Produce Drama
tization of Kate Douglas Wiggin's Work
in Aid of the Church Building Fund
KING'S DAUGHTERS TO PRESENT
THE BIRDS CHRISTMAS CAROL
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
TWO WOMEN INTERESTED
IN COMING FIRST BAP
TIST CHURCH BENEFIT.
OAKLAND. Dec. 7.— Tha Hoard of
Supervisors has acceDtea the Oakland
Transit Company's bid of $300 for fran«
chises from Pleasant Valley across th.4
Blair. ranch Into Piedmont and on Al«
catraz and College avenues.
Snpervisors Award Franchises.
OAKLAND. Dec. 7. — It was an
nounced to-night that a change had
been made in the office of Public Ad
ministrator George Gray. George W.
Reed was made attorney for the Pub
lic Administrator, the business of tha
office, uo*to the present time, having
been divided between Reed and G. W.
Langan. The change has created
somewhat of a sensation because of
the contest between the two attorneys
for this work at the outset of Mr.
Gray's administration, and which re*
suited in a dfvlslon of the work be*
tween them.
Reed Wins His Point.
OAKLAND, Dec. 7.— Oakland Aerio
of the Fraternal Order of Eagles held
its annual meeting to-night, which
was enlivened by lively contests for
the offices of secretary and trustee. In
the fight for secretary, Ralph Blake
defeated Charles J. Harrington by six
votes, and Sheriff John N. Bishop de
feated Charles Kohl by three votes for
trustee. The officers elected were:
Past president, J. F. Heany; president.
H. B. Mehrmann; vice president.
Harry Pulcifer; prior. Police Judge
Mortimer Smith; recording secretary,
Ralph Blake; financial secretary.
Howard Prentice; treasurer. W. H.
McDonald; inside guard, C. W. Denny;
outside guard, Richard Pritchard;
trustees, O. A.- Smith, M. J. Hallahan.
John N. Bishop; physicians. Dr.
George G. Reinle and Dr. Carl E,
Curdts.
Eagles Hold Election.
The funeral was held at 2:30 this
afternoon from the family residence,
lae remains were interred in Moun
tain View Cemetery.
OAKLAND, Dec. 7. — Grace Keefa,
the seven-year-old daughter of Po*
lice Officer Cornelius Keefe. who re
sides at 660 Thirty-third street, wa*
tripped up by a dog while playing ia
front of her home last Saturday after
noon and in falling struck rrer bead oa
the .cement sidewalk, causing concus
sion* of the brain, from the effects of
which the child died at 10 o'clock
Saturday night.
™ ' ¦ — " ¦
Daughter of Police Officer Is Tripped
by Canine and Fractures Her
Skull in the Fall.
DOG CAUSES DEATH OF
LITTLE GRACE KEEFF3
The police, who were notified of th«
robbery, believe that the burglar was m
person familiar with Captain Plltz'S
habits.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center street, Dec.*? 1 .
Henry Plltz, master mariner, had
$123 60 in his pockets when ha toot, ofi
his trousers before going to bed last
night, but when he got up this morn
ing to put those same trousers on again
there wasn't a cent in the pockets. A!
thief had come in the night and shifted
the whole $123 50 from Captain Plitz"s
pockets into his own. But he was kind
enough to leave the trousers, which ac
counts for Captain Plltz not being In
bed to-day for the lack of another pair.
How the thief happened to know
that Captain Plltz's pantaloons were
very near a window last night with
$123 50 in them neither the loser nor tha
police venture to say. All that the mas
ter mariner knows Is that tho money 19
gone and he'd like to have it back.
The trousers that were rifled were
hanging over the back of a chair near
a window when Captain Plitz retired
last night. The captain's home is at
2909 Grove street . and somewhat iso
lated, so there was nothing tn disturli
the thief. It is supposed that he climb
ed upon a fence within reach of tha
window and dragged 'the trousers into
the cold night air. Then, after going
through the pockets, he put the apparel
back where he found it.
How the Marauder Knew the
' Money AVas There Is a
Mystery to the Mariner
TIIIEF SECURES 5123 50
While Captain Plitz Slumbers,
Velvet-Shod Bnrglar Removes
Cash From His Pockets
SLEEPING MAN'S
COIN IS TAKEN
OAKLAND, Dec. 7.— The will of Dr.
Wallace O. Buckland has been filed for
probate. The will was drawn August
13, 1902, and leaves the legatee's entire
estate, valued at about $2000, to his
widow.
Dr. -Bnckland's Will Filed.
Insane Man Disappears.
OAKLAND, Dec. 7.— While Mrs.
Mary Cooper was in the office of the
District Attorney this morning arrang
ing to have her insane son, Thomas I.
Cooper, committed to an asylum the
young man, whom she had left sitting
in the anteroom, made. his escape, and
so far no trace has been found of him.
The Sheriff's office was notified and
search is being made for.tha runaway.
OAKLAND, Dec. 7. — The Independ
ence Square District Improvement
Club has been reorganized to press im
provements within the territory
bounded by Commerce street. East
Twenty-first street, Twenty-first ave
nue and the water front. The new
officers are: President, Charles P.
Welch; first vice president, J. G. Estey;
second vice president. Frank H. Gar
cia: secretary and treasurer, Thomas
M. Gardiner.
Improvement CInb Reorganizes.
Postpones Purcliase of Machines.
OAKLAND. Dec. 7.— The Board of
Supervisors took no action to-day in
the matter of the purchase of balloting
machines. A request was sent- to the
District Attorney for an opinion as to
whether the board would have to ad
vertise for bids for the purchase of the
machines, as required in the purchase
of other supplies.
BERKELEY, Dec. 7. — George S.
Johnson, the university student who
was asphyxiated Saturday morning,
partly recovered consciousness to-day
after remaining in a stupor for two
days, and the physicians In charge
hold out. hope for his recovery. He
revived sufficiently this morning to be
able to recognize members of his fam
ily who had been called to his bedside,
though he is still too weak to tell how
the accident happened*
President Wheeler has interested
himself in the young man's case and
visited the sickroom to-day. Upon his
order a trained nurse was engaged to
attend him.
George S. Johnson,* State University
Pupil, Gradually Getting Over
the Effects of Poisonous Gas.
ASPHYXIATED STUDENT
RECOVERS HIS SENSES
LIVERMORE, Dec. 7.— Jens A.
Schack, who committed suicide last
Friday by hanging himself at his resi
dence in Doolan Canyon, left a long
letter written in Danish, the transla
tion of which is expected to cause a
sensation.
It is said that the letter accuses sev
eral women of poiscming the" mind of
his wife against him and causing her
to leave him.
The separation between Schack and
his wife took place several years ago
and about three years ago Mrs. Schack
died. Schack, who was sincerely at
tached to his wife, never fully recov
ered from the shock caused by her
death and the day on which he ended
his life was the twenty-seventh anni
versary of his wedding.
The incuest has been set for 11
o'clock to-morrow morning.
Document Is Believed to Contain
Serious Charges Against Women
and Will Be Translated.
LIVERMORE SUICIDE LEAVES
LONG LETTER IX DANISH
MORE EVIDENCE OF
BURGLARY UNCOVERED
Owner Identifies Keys Found Among
the Effects of Brave Policeman
Smith's Slayers.
OAKLAND, Dec. 7. — Mrs. T. W.
Fowler, residing at 1220 Masonic ave
nue, San Francisco, has identified a
bunch of keys found among the ef
fects of David Kiniry and Frank J.
Goldstein as the property of her hus
band. The keys, with other, property,
were stolen from the Fowjer resi
dence.
This evidence of further crime has
been taken in charge by the police
against the time that Kiniry may be
captured. Though ten days have gone
since Policeman Smith was killed.
Chief of Polire Hodgkins is without a
trare of tho fugitive Kiniry. The po
lice have about given up all hope for
his arrest-
Members of Policeman Smith's fam
ily have indorsed the position assumed
by the patrolman's mother, touching
the testimonial fund that is being
raised by citizens in token of apprecia
tion of the brave young officer's stand.
His relatives desire that the fund
should be used as a reward to be paid
to the proper person or persons In the
event Kiniry shall be captured.
In explanation of the fact that Gov
ernor Pardee has authorized a State
reward of only S200 for I£miry's ar
rest, word has come from Sacramento
showing that the last Legislature ap
propriated only $750 for rewards.
Owing to the rneagerness of the allow
ance, the Governor has bten com
pelled to refuse applications in a num
ber of cases for the issuance of reward
proclamations. The amount offered In
the Smith case is more than one-quar
ter of the entire appropriation.
The inquest was held at the Cor
oner's office at 10 a. m. to-day, the
verdict being that death was due to
strychnine, self-administered, while
the deceased was mentally unbalanced.
OAKLAND, Dec. 7. — The Rev. J. K.
McLean, president of the Pacific Theo
logical Seminary, conducted the ser
vices at the funeral of Ambrose Me
gahan, formerly principal of the Per
alta School, which was held this after
noon from the late residence of the
deceased, 1242 Linden street. The Ma
sonic funeral service was conducted by
Sequoia Lodge.
The Peralta School was closed dur
ing the afternoon and many of the
pupils and teachers attended the
funeral. The duet, "Some Day We'll
Understand," was sung by Mr. and
Mrs. Element P. Rowlands.
The pallbearers were: John Mitch
ell, Charles Burkhalter, T. O. Craw
ford, John A. Beckwith, George W.
Frick and C. E. Merwin. The remains
were incinerated at the Oakland Crem
atory.
Professor A. Megahan, Late Principal
of the Peralta School, Is Laid to
His Final Rest.
FRIEVDS AXD FORMER
PUPILS ATTEXD FUNERAL
"I fancy another clerk, either in the
Auditor's office or the Tax Collector's
office, in figuring the rate^ was misled
or found a number blank and endeav
ored to correct the mistake and insert
ed the number in pencil and figured out
two tax bills instead of one. At any
rate, it was not all done in one office
and there is nothing to show collusion
between two of them. I do not believe
that any prosecution will be neces
sary."
"In the assessment roll, the Contra
Costa Water Company's real estate
takes up all of page 29 of book 47. On
page SO is entered the personal prop
erty. The clerk who stamps the num
bers with a consecutive stamping ma
chine first gave these divisions sepa
rate numbers. Afterward it must have
been discovered that the personal and
the real property belonged to the same
company and the number 47,614 oppo-
Fite the personal property was erased.
This left this number a blank, the in
tention evidently being to bring the
ttvo assessments under number 47,613.
This accounts for the erasure at the
numbers. .-' >
"The Board of Supervisors this
morning adopted a resolution authoriz
ing me to spend what money was nec
essary to run down the person who
had been tampering with the public
records, r have examined the books
and do not believe anything criminal
ha? been done.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1115 Broadway, Dec. 7.
An examination of the assessment
roll to-day by District Attorney Allen
has satisfied him that the alleged ille
pai segregation of the Contra Costa
Water Company's property in Brooklyn
Township is the result of a clerical er
ror, made originally in the Assessor's
office. He states that he does not be
lieve anything criminal has been done
and that the company simply took ad
vantage of the segregation to pay Its
taxes on its realty and let the tax on
the water, over which point there is a
dispute, become delinquent.
In epeaking of the matter to-day he
said: .
Is Satisfied .That Alleged Il
legal Segregation of Prop
erty Is a Clerical Error
FINDS NOTHING CRIMINAL
District Attorney Allen Ex
amines the Contra Costa
Water Company's Assessment
The main points of the honor system
consist in pledging the student to pass
examinations honorably and to sign a
statement at the end of each paper
saying that he has neither received nor
Riven assistance. If he is caught
cheating he is piven a trial by the
presidents of the four undergraduate
classes, who fix the penalty according
to the nature of the offenses and make
their recommendations to the faculty.
The agitation for the establishment
of the honor system in the University
of California was renewed 'to-day
through the publication in The Dally
Californlan of a communication from
William L. Finley, a former editor of
that paper and president of the English
Club. In this letter Mr. Finley refers
to the attempt that is being made to
establish the honor system at Stanford
University and points' out the benefits
that will accrue to this university
through th« workings of the system.
The 6tudents voted against its estab
lishment in 1902 mainly on the ground,
he says, that they believed it would
bring with "it spying and tattling.
Tangible form will be given to the
movement t»X the semi-annual meeting
of the student body next Friday morn
ing. At that time the matter will be
brought up again and a committee ap
pointed by President Max Thelen to
collect data. If the committee believes
the honor system worth the attempt
to secure its adoption by the whole
student body, then a vigorous cam
paign of education will, be begun.
There will be literature on the subject
and letters published in the college pa
pers, the idea being to promote a full
discussion. After the proposed sys
tem is sufficiently advertised it will be,
submitted to a vote.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Dec 7.
SITS RECORDS
ARE STRAIGHT
Writes Letter in Which He
Points Out the Benefits
That Are to Be Obtained
FIXLEY BEGINS M0VE3LENT
Agitation for Its Adoption
at University of California
Is Now Under Full Way
STUDENTS WANT
HONOR SYSTEM
Missionaries are well treated in Siam
and th«Kingr. a Buddhist, is riving the
s»ite>for a new Protestant, church in
Banekok.
Alms Beggar Claims High Descent.
NEW YORK, Dec. 7.— Claiming de
scent from a signer of the Declaration
of ! Independence and . kinship ' with one
of ;,the -noted families of .\ New ' - York.
William ; W." Morris has been sentenced
to^Bix months for soliciting alms in the
street/ In I telling ¦ his story, > the pris
oner ! displayed .* evidence of refinement
and education, siV the magistrate deter
mined, to .investigate before sending
him to prison.
OAKLAND, Dec. 7.— The fire and
water committee, of the City Council
was directed to-night to prepare a
statement for submission to the Contra
Costa Water Company concerning the
information which the Council desires
shall be furnished by that corporation
in its. annual report for rate-iixing pur
poses. Councilman Cuvelller said - he
had been assured by William J. Din
gee.'president of the company, that the
Council would be furnished; with all. of
the data at. the company's command.
Prepare to Fix Wat^r Rate.
PORTLAND, Or.. Dec. 7.— Twenty
suits, aggregating $25,000, have been
filed in . the United States District
Court here against the owners of the
steamer Nome City. ! The complain
ants allege that they, were first cabin
passengers "on the Nome- City from
Cape i Nome to Seattle in October last
and they were "compelled to, travel ina
filthy ship; that the food was bad and
cooking worse: that the drinking wa
ter was nauseating and unfit for use.
Passengers Sue the Nome City.
.- GREAT PALLS, Mont, Dec. 7.— Ben
W. Meidner, a young man of 26 years
of age, and who Is at present employed
at washing plates in the Fullerton Stu
dio, on Central avenue, was to-day no
tified that he had fallen heir to p. for
tune estimated at $100,000 by the death
of his mother, Mrs. R. B. Meidner, in
St. , Louis. Meidner has been sought
through the newspapers for a number
of months past, the last inquiry coming
through Minneapolis papers, and, be
ing seen by, a friend, Was called. to his
attention. Young. Meidner was a mem
ber of a theatrical troupe which was
stranded in Missoula recently. '
Young >Ian in Montana, After Months
of Searching, Learns That "
He Is An Heir.
STUDIO EMPLOYE FALLS
HEIR TO BIG FORTUNE
BLOOMINGTON. 111.. Dee. 7.— J. 6.
Lively, aged 72 years, a veteran of the
Civil War, whose home is said to be
at Napa, Cal., committed suicide at
Maroa, III., last night by swallowing em
balming fluid. Lively was a stranger
there and no reason for the act is
known. ¦
NAPA, Dec. 7.— Sheriff Dunlap has
received a telegram from Maroa, 111.,
which announced that J. O. Lively com
mitted suicide there on December 5 and
asks that the Sheriff notify the rela
tives of the deceased. Dunlap has been
unable to find any relatives of Lively
in this county.
Man Who Said He Lived in Napa,
California, Swallows Em
balming Fluid.
VETERAN OF CIVIL
AVAR COMMITS SUICIDE
BERKELEY, Dec. 7. — Librarian Rowell
announces that the library will remain open
all through the Christmas vacation, excepting,
however, on Saturdays and Sundays, Christ
mas and New Year's day. It will close at 5:30
o'clock every day it is open.
The last military drill for the term will bo
held Wednesday morning-. Captain Henry de II.
Waite having announced that the drill would
not be abandoned for that day.
The law library In Hhe library building has
been transferred from the ' south, end of the'
art gallery to a room In the basement, thus
relieving the congestion that has heretofore
existed in the art gallery.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
ALAMEDA, Dec. 7. — City Trustee
W. M. Bowers introduced two ordi
nances at the meeting of the Town
Trustees to-night to repeal the ordi
nances recently passed, awarding the
two local railroads' franchises to the
Southern Pacific Company, and which
were • refused by the corporation, be
cause the life of the privileges was
limited to twenty-flv,e years in each
ordinance, when the company wanted
them for thirty-three years and forty
four years, respectively.
In addition to rescinding the original
enactments, the measures submitted
to-night provide for granting the fran
chises to the. Southern Pacific Com
pany on the terms it demanded. There
are a | number of details and amend
ments to be made to the ordinances
before , they will be ready for final
action. City Trustee Bowers stated
to-night that the object of introducing
the ordinances in an unfinished form
was to have them shaped as quickly as
possible by the City Trustees.
While practically every demand made
by the Southern Pacific with respect
to the franchises will be granted in the
new ordinances, the most important
concession is that of the life of the
privileges, forty-four years for the
north side line and thirty-three years
for the south side, line.
3Ieasures Introduced Before Alameda
Board to Repeal Franchises That
New Ones May Be Granted.
TRUSTEES READY TO YIELD
TO THE SOUTHERN' PACIFIC
, The result of a suit now being tried
before Superior Judge Ogden to re
cover on a note will show a remarkable
lapse of memory on the part of the de
fendant or a bold forgery on the part
of some one else. The note is for $175
with, interest at 1% per cent a month
and is dated November 27, 1877. The
total claimed to be due on it is $1050.
The holder of the note is Robert Col
lins and he says that it was given him
by Ignacio McCourtney .In payment of
three months' work at $45 a month and
$40 borrowed money. McCourtney de
nies he ever saw Collins or that he
worked for him, and declares the note
is a forgery. . • ~. - r
• The note bears evidence of age and
Is written on an ordinary sheet of pa
per, in purple ink. Collins says the note
was given 'him in Sacramento County.
McCourtney acknowledges he lived
there at that time. Collins tells hdw he
helped McCourtney lay a water pipe on
his ranch- and goes into details. Mc-
Courtney remembers laying the pipe,
but says his father helped him and no
one else. * '
The matter is now one of veracity
between the men, and McCourtney is
trying to show by other documents
he signed about that time that the note
is not in his handwriting. It reads,
"For value received twenty-five years
after date I promise to pay Robert Col
lins $175 with interest at 1% per cent
a month."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Dec 7.
"This man Musher fled from Minne
apolis, leaving a trail of debts behind
him. He owed everybody and he
money from two boys there, pretendlns
that he was a secret service agent in
rearch of 'green goods* men. From
Dave Deworeky, who resides at 622
Eighth avenue North, Musher got $80.
eaying he needed the coin to buy the
'green goods' ' because the bunko men
wouldn't take a cheeky. And he worked
the same thing on JDave's brother,
Lewis, who worked for a big lumber
company there. The boys expected to
become secret service detectives."
Ellison told about his trip to Califor
nia on business, of accidentally meeting
Musher to-day on the street, of de
manding first that he settle the $60 in
debtedne'ss and also pay Ellison's rail
road fare to this State.
"That's business," commented Sili
con.
"Musher handed me his purse," con
tinued the merchant. "It contained
$6 75. but I- was not satisfied and I de
cided to turn him over to the police.
He made such a row in the hotel that
the proprietor caused his arrest. And
that's the story. If I can get him
back to Minneapolis I shall have him
punished." . .
Musher claims he arrived four or live
days ago and was on a trip to find a
good business . location.
"During my absence on a business
trip Musher and one of my competitors
in business in Minneapolis told David
Harris, with whom ' I had done much
business and whom I owed money, that
I was going to skip out. After my return
Musher tt«ok a hand in this business
and ha.l my place attached. I owed
Harris J147C 33. I paid him $1000 cash
and returred goods sufficient to make
up the balance. It was a straight, le
gitimate business transaction and Har
ris knows now that he acted through
the misrepresentations of rivals.
"Musher came to my place of busi
ness in Minenapolis last September and
wanted to become a partner with me,"
said Ellison. "He showed me a lot of
what he said were United States bonds
and securities and asked me to intro
duce him to my bank people. He pro
tended to. be well fixed. I loaned him
$25 and later gave him a $35 suit for his
wife, for which he has not paid me.
PLACE IS. ATTACHED.
In spite of Musher's denials of
wrongdoing, Ellison reeled off a story
of swindling and declared that he
would take steps to prosecute the man
he had accidentally encountered in Cal
ifornia. ;i.,j-Vu»
Musher claims to be a traveling
salesman with his home at Atlanta, Ga.
He said he had a wife In St. Louis and
later asserted that she was with him in
Oakland. '¦,..
"This man Musher took the certifi
cate away from me several days sgo
after asking me to allow him to in
spect 1 it. I did not know what had be
come of him."
Further search of his effects brought
to light a certificate from the officcr3
of the Beth Jacob Hebrew Synagogue
of this city accrediting Morris Block as
the rabbi of that organization. Detec
tive Kyte found Block, who said:
Musher evaded the question as to his
financial standing , by saying he had
been drawing against the accounts and
did not know how he stood.
¦'¦ Smash went a stiff right-hander from
Ellison. Musher ducked, but the blow
caught him on the back of the head.
Then Police Captain "Wilson stepped in
and stopped the fight.
Musher's story, in brief, was that El
lison, who conducted the New York
Silk Garment Company in the Boston
Block, Minneapolis, had owed David
Harris, a Grand street. New York, mer
chant, $1400 and that he (Musher) had
forced Ellison to settle the bill and had
been paid $25 commission by Ellison
for adjusting the trouble. Musher as
serted that his antagonist tried torday
to compel him to pay back the $25,
hence the quarrel.
Musher was burdened with a lot of
documents', bank books and . papers,
which have been made the objects of a
careful police Inquiry in view of Elli
son's flat accusations that the man is
a' swindler. The first thing that at
tracted the police eye was a bunch of
Confederate bills of $100. $50 and $20
denomination. A bank book of the
Federal Bank of New York showing
$11,000 deposit, a "book from the Lowry
National Bank of Atlanta, Ga.. with a
credit of $3040; a check for $8000 drawn
on the National Park Bank of New
York by Nathan Musher and- stamped
"paid" were among the papers.
EVADES THE QUESTION.
"You're a thief!" shouted Ellison as
he confronted his man in the police sta
tion.
/"You're a thief!" echoed Musher.
Ellison, claiming that Musher de
frauded him, hustled him off to his
room at the Hotel Crellln and there de
manded a settlement. In the midst of
the dispute that followed, the polic©
were called by Ellison, who stalked off
to the City Prison with hi3 man, Hotel
keeper Fred Jordan having caused
Musher's arrest. Musher retaliated by
charging Ellison with disturbance and
also with taking his purse. Ellison
surrendered the purse, declaring that
its contents had been given to him in
part settlement of the claim he had
over the man. _
Out of an unexpected meeting in
Oakland this afternoon between J. R.
Ellison, a merchant of Minneapolis,
Minn., and Nathan Musher, late also
of the Flour City, came arrests, accu
sations of theft and all sort* of swind
ling, a fight and a police investigation
which may or may not develop more
seriously than the charges of disturb
ing the peace that are registered at the
City Prison against the men.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 7.
Belligerents Engage in Row
in, Hotel and Are Arrested
for Disturbing the Peace
Robert Rollins Swears That I.
McCoiirtney Gave Him the
Paper Twenty-Six Years Ago
SUM INCREASES SIX-FOLD
MAKE CHARGES OF THEFT
Sudden* Encounter of Minne
apolis. Men Leads to Ar
rest ' and, Police Inquiry
Suit Brought on Musty. Note
Declared to Be a Forgery
by /4he Alleged Signer
PECULIAR CASE
BEFORE COURT
MEETS ENEMY
BY ACCIDENT
Our Language, 'a* la; Shop.— ."Will these
colors run?" asked an elderly, lady who
was , shopping « in . a Lexington-street
store., "No, indeed!" replied the affable
clerk. "They're to fast for that." — Bal
timore American.
OAKLAND, •; Dec. 7.— The Oakland
Board of Trade "has made'arrange
ments' to' lease ; a '.few/ acres • of -water
front land ; for the -purpose of:experi
menting in the cultivation of : titles ; f or
use in the manufacture or matting. "An
Eastern firm has agreed to -purchase
all the tules that , can be raised. : The
work will . be •' ip~ charge "of Prpfessors
Stubenrauch and; ; HHgard of : the Uni
versity of California, . .
Experiment in Raising Tules.
ALAMEDA, /Dec: "7.-f Clothesline
thieves are 'active in " this city,, and
numerous thefts of laundry have been
reported . from the .fashionable, resi
dence dlstrictadjoining. Grand i street.
Potted plants and Jardinieres '." : have
also caught the fancy ! of, the; purloin-"
ers and many have been stolen. ',*„/.
Thieves Raid Clotheslines.
Jump the Track Xonr Luzpn, Imped
ing Traffic— Trains Over
I Southern Pacific Road.
SAN PABLO, Dec. 7. — Two freight
cars on the Santa Fe line jumped the
track near Luzon, a short distance
from Point Richmond, to-day, block
ing;traffic for several hours. . : -
•During the time that the wrecking
crew was at work on the blockade all
Santa Fe trains were sent. through 1 on
the Southern Pacific tracks.
OAKLAND. Dec. 7.— The following
marriage licenses . were issued by the
County Clerk \ to-day: Clinton H. Bug
bee, 2 7, Pocatellp, and Miriam Green
baum, 22, Oakland; Vincent M; Lewis,
20, Oakland, and Edna McKay,- 18,
San Francis'co; Richard Flood, 27,' San
Francisco, and Uly M. Durham,' 34,
Oakland; Otto Lembke. 36, San Fran
cisco, and Hulda Miller, 26, Oakland;
Herman Gluck, over 21, and EmilyF.
Smith; over 18/, both of Oakland;
George H. Bergstrom, over 21. and; Jo
sephine Reilly, .over 18, both, of San
Francisco; Arthur Munk, over 21,
Napa, and Josephine Long, over 18,
Oakland.
Marriage Licenses.
DERAILED FREIGHT CARS
BLOCK SAXTA FE LINE
.The case was taken before Judge
Melvln, who stated that he was bound
to make the order asked for, but that
he disliked doing so. and that Lewis
deserved indictment by the grand Jury.
This afternoon, in charge of two de
tectives, Lewis visited the County
Clerk's office, secured a license and
married Miss McKay. * _ .
Two different wives in one day is a
record made by Vincent M. Lewis, a
youth 20 years of age. , This morning
he was the husband of Sarah Hood-
Lewis and this afternoon he married
Rosie McKay. It was not all bliss for
Lewis, however, and Judge '¦> Melvln
took occasion to tell him that he de
served being indicted for perjury.
Two years ago this month, Lewis,
who was then 18 years of age, went
with Sarah Hood to San Rafael and
the pair were secretly married there.
In order > to get a license he had to
swear that he was 21 years of age.
They never lived together as husband
and wife and a few days fl-go Lewis
was arrested on complaint of Rose Mc-
Kay, who alleged that he had promised
to ¦ marry her.
The former marriage stood in the
Way of Lewis keeping his promise and
this morning, In order to get him out
of jail, Mrs. Elizabeth Lewis brought
suit to have Lewis' marriage annulled
on the ground that he was a minor
when the ceremony was performed. •
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
.".";><*•; 1118 Broadway, Dec. 7.
Frank Lewis Freed From Girl
Wife That He May Keep
Promise to Marry Another
WEDDING SAVES
HIM FROM JAIL
George W.' Scott and family of Central ave
nue have -returned from a tour abroad and a
vi«it to the larerer cities of the Atlantic coast.
President Joseph F. Forderer of the City
Trustees is In Los Angeles on business.
Alameda Lodge No. 1832. Royal Arcanum,
will give an entertainment and ball in Encinal
Hall on the evening of the 17th lnst.
Spruce and Encinal camps. Woodmen of the
World, will Jointly tender Head Consul F. A.
Falkenberg a receptfttn In Woodmen Hall to
morrow evening.- On the reception committee
ate M. C. Turner, J. J. Knight, George Wulzen,
Henry Mehrteni", C. L. Robinson, Edward Cof
fey, Arthur Mock. C. G. Hinds. S. S. Lamb,
E. D. Ella and W...B. Ames..
ALAMEDA, Dec. 7. — Members of the Com
.mercial Alumni Association of the Alameda
High School will entertain with a literary,
musical and theatrical programme and dance
in Encinal Hall to-morrow night. Among
those who will participate in the various events
are Elmo Culbert, Miss Ruth Perkins, H. B.
Rublemann.- F. A. Hurst, Miss Maud Bremer
and the following, who will present a farce
written by Forbes Heermans : Howard • M.
Hansbrow. Harry T. Spencer, Miss Hattie
Lawlor, Miss Klrye M. Arnold. William Mc-
Stay will officiate as stage manager. Compos
ing the committee having the affair in hand
are Miss Alma F. Buhr, Miss Elsie' Woodln,
Walter Moblad, Sanford Hyams, Arthur Rhein
bold and Hiram Harms.
The Epworth League of the Melodist church
gave a social Friday evening last at the home
of Mrs. -"W. R. Dickleson, 954 University ave
nue. A' large sum was realized from the sale
of articles for the purchase. of Christmas pres
ents.
BERKELEY, -Dec. 7. — The classes of '04
and '00 of the Berkeley High School were en
tertained by the class of '06 at a dance Sat
urday evening in Shattuck Hall. The hall
was extravagantly decorated, th« class num
ber, '06, belne conspicuousu in red, and a
large party' of young people enjoyed the hours
in each other's company. The decorations for
the affair were in charge of Harvey Hasel
tine, assisted by Miss Ethel Perry, Miss Lu
cille Pierce. Edward Solinsky, Howard Bray
ton, Miss Margaret Devine and Mtsa Demor
e*t. The success of the general arrangement
was due to Henry Skinner, Miss Isabella
Whlteman. Miss Edith Sherman, Miss Alice
Phillips and Nelson Sco'tchler. Royal Miller
was the floor manager for the dance.
A concert by well-known people will be
given AVeUnesday evening at the Snell Semin
ary, 2721 Channlng way. The entertainers
will be Mrs. Grace Carroll-Elliott, contralto;
William F. Zech, violin; Miss Gladys Downs,
accompanist. .
Admiral Kemp, U. S. N., and Miss Corne
lia Kemp, will reside for the winter at the
Palace Hotel, San Francisco. Their Berkeley
borne will remain eloped in the meantime..
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
OAKLAND, Dec. 7.— "The Birds'
Christmas Carol," by Kate Douglas
Wlgertn, has been dramatized by Miss
Elizabeth Gray aijd will be produced
for the first time by local talent. It
will be presented ' under the direction
of the Courtesy Circle of King's Daugh-*
ters and is for the benefit o'f the build
ing fund of the First Baptist Church.
Mrs. Wiggin's little story, which is
both amusihc and pathetic, has been
skillfully handled by Miss Gray in the
dramatization, and as the 'cast has
been selected with excellent judgment
by the committee in charge the whole
affair, from an artistic point at view,
promises to be a success. > '
Miss Bessie Yard, the clever, young
reader and daughter of the well known
artist, Sidney Yard; Miss Helen Dornin
and Miss Mae Sadler, two popular
young society girls of Oakland and
Alameda, have prominent parts in the
littl* drama and much of its success
will -be- due to their excellent work.
Samuel Whittlesey, Glen Johnson and
THE SAN 'FRANCISCO CALL^. TUESDAY, DECEMBER' £ 1903.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
rfTwMDERFUL
The amount of ' good you'll re-
ceive from a few doses of Hostet-
ter's Stomach Bitters, especially
when the stomach is • disordered
or the liver inactive. It cures
Loss of Appetite, Sour Stomach,
Heartburn, Dyspepsia, Indiges-
tion, Chills or Malaria. Be sure
to try it, also obtain a copy of our
Illustrated Almanac for 1904 from
your druggist. It is free and- con-
tains instructive reading matter
that is well worth having.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS.
DB. PIEBCE'S BEMEDIE3.
Ranch it and rough it and you'll soon
get rid of that weak chest and that hack^
me cough." TJiat is what the doctor;
said to a young married man with a wifb
and child to care
for and a modest -^©v
salary to support Ciw^Sc^
them on. He I
couldn't go West. M^sStoCv
Love and duty tied J5siu3$ *a5*\^
him to his desk in *^»&££^s%Zm*\
People don't Ifljk^nfc H»
have to travel to Jfj& K?X]
cure coughs or >»Fin '/Vw&Tk
strengthen weak • jggisL, t) Kflfii
langs. Dr. Pierce's (Vj^T^Wf^S?^*
Golden Medical * .\\*®qSJ fWp&
Discovery cures ob- \ rn^Vl %£ W
stinats, deep-seated \ V !y& \0/'
cough3, bronchitis, \\tihsn f fr?*f
bleeding of the \(WiHt^L
lungs, weakness, toj47Oi*Ss^ -
emaciation and ti 1
other forms of w
disease which if neglected or tmskilk
fully treated terminate fatally in con-
sumption.
"I win write yoa whmt Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery has done for tae." says Georja
H. Belchsr, Esq., of Dorton, Pike County, KtJ
"Thirteen years ago I was wounded by a bait
passing through my tanjr. I have had a bad;
cough . almost ever since, with shortness of
breath, and it was very easy to take cold; th«
slightest change, of weather would cause the*
cough to be so bad I would have to sit up ia bed!
alt night. Could not eat or sleep at times ; wasi
all run down ; could not work at all. A f~w
months ago I began using Dr; Pierce's Oolden!
Medical Discovery. Hare not used more iha^\
two bottleSj tnd now can eat, sleep, and work*'
and I feel lite a new man. I cannot find wordi
to sufficiently recommend Dr. Pierce'* Goldsa
Medical Discovery, or tell the good it has doao
me."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical-*
Adviser in paper covers is sent free 0% *
receipt of 2t one-cent stamps to payj
expense of mailing only. The book has)
. 1008 pages and over 700 JUnstratiocau?
Address Dr. R..V. Pieice. Buffalo, ILJZJ
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Eagle 502.Columbia.
' "Way Down. East" Is in its second
week at the Columbia and is drawing
good houses. The play is splendidly
presented.
A capital programme pleased two au
diences at the Chutes yesterday and
the Allen sisters, marvelous gymnasts;
Carberry and Stanton. the "Dutchman
and the Soubrette;" Conley and Klein,
singing and dancing comedians, and
Flood and Hayes, barrel jumpers, made
great hits. Charles Stanley and Ferris
Carlisle repeated their success of last
week in "Mrs. O'Grady's Wash Day,"
and Mabel Lamson, the popular con
tialto, was heard in: new illustrated
songs. The moving pictures were novel
and amusing. The amateurs will ap
pear on Thursday .night.
Chutes.
PITTEBURG, Pa., Dec. 7.— The' Fir«t Na
tional, Bank of AUeeheny, which cloned its
doars shortly after the suspension of the Fed
eral National Bank of this city, several weeks
ago, reopened ' to-day. .
Fischer's.
"I. O. U." at Fischer's Is as fresh on
Its second week's run as it was the first
night it was put on the boards.
A large audience enjoyed the music
cf Ellery's Royal Italian Band, which
opened last night at the Alhambra.
The band is always welcomed by San
Francisco music lovers and the crowd
which turned out last night paid a
splendid tribute to this excellent aggre
gation of players. The programme
consisted of selections from "Verdi and
p.izet. The rendition of these pieces
brought forth repeated encores from
the audience. The whole programme
was w-ell worth hearing. The band
plays every night this week, with mati
nees on' Saturday and Sunday. Wednes-
Ellery's Band.
The Pope thanked the students for
their visit and blessed all the religious
articles which they carried. The Pope
congratulated Mgr. Kennedy on the
success of the American college and
warmly greeted Archbishop Seton as
the first student.
day afternoon a concert will be given
In the new Greek Theater at Berkeley,
commencing at 2:30 o'clock. The ad
mission is 50 cents. The boats leave at
1:30 p. m. .
The Pope walked among the stu
dents, accompanied by Mgr. . Bi
sletl, the pontifical major domo. Mgr.
Kennedy, in presenting the stu
dents, said: "Holy father, here are
ninety-six students of the American
college to present their homage and to
give evidence of their faith and their
loyalty toward your holiness and the
holy see. They have come a long dis
tance from their native country to this
holy city to drink In learning and pie
ty under the shadow of the holy see."
The Pontiff greeted the students in
the most affable manner, and remarked
that they were a magnificent set of
young men. He said he was delighted
to see so many students from th*
United States, and then preached a lit
tle sermon on the great advantage
they had in becoming learned priests,
laying special emphasis on the cultiva
tion of the priestly virtues, "for," said
his Holiness, "a holy priest, even with
out saying a word, preaches by exam
ple and conciliates those who are not
of our faith."
ROME, Dec 7.— So as not to cause
interference with the celebration
of the feast of the Immaculate
Conception at the Vatican and
American College to-morrow, the
Pope to-day received the members of
that college. The presentations were
made by Mgr. Kennedy, rector of the
college; the vice-rector, Rev. W. G.
Murphy; Mgr. Farrelly, the spiritual
director of the college, and Archbishop
Seton, the first student of the college,
which he entered in 1858.
"New York Day by Day" made it*
first appearance at the Central Theater
last night and one of the largest crowds
of the season was on hand to applaud
each and every thrilling scene of the
exciting melodrama. The play was
splendidly staged and the acting of
Myrtle Vane, the clever soubrette; Ern
est Howell, Edwin T. Emery, George
P. Webster and Elmer Booth came In
for rounds of applause from the gal
lery'. A feature of the play is the burn-
Ing of a canal boat and the scene Is
to realistic that the audience cheered
time and again while the act was in
progress. There are a great many va-
rietles of characters in the play and
this affords every one a chance to be
come interested in some particular part.
The piece will continue for the rest of
the week and the management expects
Jt to be one of the most successful
melodramas ever put on at the popular
Market-street playhouse.
Central.
wild flowers that are- almost magnetic
enough to make a cursory viewer jump
into the canvass in an attempt to wal
low in the perfume and bloom of
Southern California hillsides. C. Chapel
Judson has offered as new work "San
Leandro Marshes" and the "Big Dune,"
both Of which are superb. L. P. Latl
mer has three noticeable offerings at
the exhibition. They are "A Creek,"
"Sunset" and "The Pool." A wealth
of correct coloring and detail distin
guish his pictures and gives great
promise for the artist.
Among the others exhibiting that de
serve special mention are H. fl. Bloom
er, H. J. Breuer, G. Cadenasso, J. "W.
Clawson. Willis E. Davis. Charles J.
Dickman, -Chris Jorgensen, J. T. Mar
tinez, H. W. Seawell, John A. Stanton,
M. Straus aftd.Thad Welch. ' .
This evening the ladies will be ten
dered a reception from S until 11
o'clock. The public will be admitted
to the jinksroom, where the exhibition
of pictures is being held, upon invita
tion issued by members, on Saturday,
December 12. from 2 until 5 o'clock
p. m.; Tuesday,' December 15. from 2
until 5 o'clock p. m.; on Friday, De
cember 18. from 2 until 5 o'clock p.m.,
and on Wednesday, December 23, from
2 until 5 o'clock p. m. and 8 o'clock
until 11 p. m.
POPE GREETS
THE AMERICANS
WASHINGTON, Dec. 7.— The House
convened to-day in regular session and
listened to the reading of the Presi
dent's annual message to Congress. The
special session robbed the day of many
Interesting features incident to a new-
Congress. The House having organized
four weeks ago, the ceremony of open
ing day comprised merely a rollcall to
develop the presence of a. quorum and
the customary notifications to the
President and to the Senate.
More than an hour and a half was
consumed in the reading of the Presi
dent's message, at the conclusion of
which there was general applause on
the Republican side of the chamber. A
considerable amount of routine matters
necessary' to facilitate the work of com
mittees was transacted before the re
ception of the message.
A list of contests was announced to
the House by the clerk as follows:
California, Fourth District; Illinois.
Sixth District; Massachusetts. Ninth
District; Missouri, Eleventh and
Twelfth districts; North Carolina,
Tenth District; Pennsylvania, Tenth
District; Oklahoma, delegate at large;
South Carolina, First and Seventh dis
tricts; Tennessee. Eighth District; Col
orado, First District.
Republican Side Applauds the Words
of the President.
HOUSE HEARS THE MESSAGE
The Email brother has a play this
week. The barn was busy, but "A
Royal Prisoner" was good-naturedly
put on at the Alcazar, with every one
to help, even to Frances Starr. Small
brother must have enjoyed it last night
almost as much as the rest of us did.
Sister'E hand also is seen in the love
scenes and she. too, must have had a
gorgeous time. I know I did. Brother
hasn't his name on the programme, so
I can't thank him for it. Sister neither.
But I'm grateful just the same, i .
You can't afford to miss "A Royal
Prisoner." Of course there isn't the
dear old burlap curtain in front, nor
the victorious perfume of coaloil.
Neither are there the lovely old keggly
seats, and Mr. Belasco won't take pins
at the door. Otherwise it's all there,
the drama of our barn days. Brother
has stacked it with Empresses and
things, and there are plots to burn.
The scene is, of course, laid In Russia,
and there is a lovely and lowly lieu
tenant with whom the Empress falls in
love. He manifests no disinclination,
but keeps his hand In before the
gxande passion by several trifling af
fairs. The first scene is laid in a St.
Petersburg prison, to which two pris
oners are brought, the lieutenant and
the great Duke Courland. Just for
ducks, as brother says, the lieutenant
takes the place of the Duke, doomed
to be hanged at sunrise for political
sins. He himself is in durance vile
for flirting. Those Russian prisons
are really very up-to-date sort of af
fairs. They keep lager or something of
the kind— at least the jailer got tipsy
on it— for the perennial refreshment
of the unfortunate prisoner. However,
the lieutenant persuades the Jailer to
get drunk, and the Duke escapes. The
Lord and brother only know why the
lieutenant doesn't.
The second scene finds the false
Duke in the guardroom that brother.
has made into a family reception par
lor. Here the Empress, young and
lovely, enters disguised as a spy. It
seems she has leanings toward the
Duke. This doesn't seem to make much
difference, however, for her affections
are Immediately enslaved by his sub
stitute. It is positively thrilfing where,
with "I will put him now to the final
test:' the Empress declares herself a
epy and offers to kill the Empress In
order to place Courland upon the
throne. The lieutenant nobly refuses,
with both eyes to heaven, and she Im
mediately falls in love with him.
"Wouldn't you? But he determines
to choke the lady and calls In the
guards to help. Naturally the curtain
go*>s down on "I am the Empress!"
They are at the palace In the next
scene. Courland (the false) has the run
of the place, and the Empress comes in
looking like a jewelry store. She, asks
the Duke to demand what he will.
"Wisely the Duke demands the lieuten
ant's freedom. He gets it, and Is short
ly afterward discovered. I'm still won
dering if h» gets the Empress, for I
didn't wait for the end. But brother,
and especially sister, couldn't be so
cruel as to deprive them of each other.
They were very good to brother at
the Alcazar last night. Adele Block
played the Empress bo heartily that
her crown tipped over her left ear;
James Durkln slapped himself convinc
ingly as the lieutenant; John B. Maher
might almost have belonged to grown
up drama as the Count Ivan Schou
naloff, and Miss Frances Starr was su
par and spice as Theodora Vanka.
George Osbourne was the drunken ma
jor, and Mr. Belasco furnished the
handsomest of trimmings. I wouldn't
have missed It for anything. Nor
should you.
BLANCHE PARTTNGTON.
Cullom. In his speech on the Cuban
reciprocity bill, dwelt especially on the
effect of the bill upon trade with Cuba,
which, he contended, would be greatly
stimulated by fts passage. He said
that, situated as we were, within a
few miles of the Cuban coast, -we
should control the Cuban market, but
as a matter of fact this country- sup
plied less than one-half of the Cuban
Imports.
The Senate first took up the resolu
tion calling on the Postmaster General
to send to the Senate Committee on
Postofflces and Postroads the papers
bearing on the recent investigation
into Irregularities In the Postofflce De
partment.
Gorman suggested a number of
amendments, the effect of which was
to make it mandatory upon the com
mittee to make an investigation into
Postofflce affairs and to compel the
committee to make a report to the
Senate by May 1 next.
Penrose, as author of the resolution
and chairman of the committee, indi
cated a willingness to accept the
amendments, but Platt (Conn.) ob
jected. After some informal discus
sion the resolution was laid over until
to-morrow.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 7.— The Senate
to-day closed the extraordinary session
and entered on the duties of the regu
lar session, but the transition was bo
natural as to be scarcelv noticeable.
The unusual features were the close
of the called session by the announce
ment from the chair and the offering
of two prayers within a half hour of
each other. The business transacted
consisted of the reading of the Presi
dent's message and the beginning of
the discussion on the Cuban reciprocity
bill. Cullom, who has charge of the
Cuban bill, made a speech advocating
its passage, In the Interest of American
trade.
Charles J. Carlson has an excellent
study of an "Old Man," which will at
tract great attention. John R. Dick
ersoh has four studies of Chinese life
that are full of life and color. L. May
nard DIckson has some wonderful pas
tels from the southwest that are more
than worthy of further men! ion. He
has found the desert moonlight and
fixed it for all ages. Harry Stuart
Fonda has four meritorious offerings
that will attract attention. John M.
Gamble has showed three canvasses of
Among the paintings the choice was
difficult. Charles Rollo Peters has five
of his wonderful moonlight scenes on
exhibition. From two of them espe
cially, "Finch House" and "Casa La
guna," are kept out the hair pulling
histrionics of art and they are master
pieces. The others verge on the melo
dramatic and lose their art through an
excess of art. C. D. Robinson had two
marines representing surf, but neither
of them were surfy, and only the light
in the foreground saved them from be
ing mediocre. More attention to com
position, added to the color the artist
has already, will place him in the front
rank.
J. Frank McComas has a notable col
lection of water colors, principally of
Monterey cypresses, which pall the
spirit of the viewer in the subtillty of
their rendering. They are Japanesque
in their truth and universal in their
meaning. Their boughs echo the sound
of hopeless wave beats on a sorrowful,
rock-bound coast. Arthur F. Mathews
has an exquisite bit in light and shade
entitled "The Mirror." He has three
other striking pictures on the same
lines as McComas' productions.
Orrin Peck has exhibited three port
raits, the best of which— and that
means something excellent— Is of Mrs.
Phoebe Hearst. It is peculiarly life
like and full of delicious detail, ranking
him as an artist of unexpected merit.
SOME STRONG OFFERINGS.
DIFFICULT OF CHOICE.
In addition to these Mr. Altken has
a wonderful figure entitled "Clutch of
Destiny," representing two massive
hands dragging down the struggling
body of a man. It is a striking Idea
both In conception and execution and
when produced beyond a sketch will
be bound to attract attention. Three
busts of his will attract serious atten
tion. M. Earl Cummings has three busts.
A. Putnam offered an excellent collec
tion of his wonderful animal produc
tions in plaster.
Under advice from fellow members of
the club, the versatile sculptor has
made a new design. He thought that
his previous effort might seem too fu
nereal, so he "designed a scene from
the "Luck of Roaring Camp," where
Old Kentuck dies with the baby in his
arms. The situation is not nearly so
universal or compelling as his original
work, though It is life size and decid
edly impressive. Unfortunately, it was
done hurriedly and the figure of Old
Kentuck is out of proportion. The same
claim cannot be made against ! "Ten
nessee's Pardner," which is fashioned
perfectly to life.
Against Mr. Aitken are two sketches
for a Bret Harte monument, offered
by M. Earl Cummings, typifying
a scene from the "Luck of Roaring
Camp," when "he ¦wrastled with me
thumb." Both are sketches and are
weaker artistically than either of Mr.
Aitken's offerings.
A. Putnam has two offerings for the
Harte monument, which lack original
ity or strength, but are full of composi
tion. They both show the figure of the
author against cold stone and beyond
the pose and execution suggest noth
ing. His sculpturing is purely subjec
tive .without the least inkling of ro
mance to It.
All the knowing ones- at the Bohe
mian Club are positive that never be
fore the seventh annual exhibition of
the Painters' and Sculptors' Club,
which will open for public view from
to-day until December 23, inclusive, has
such a meritorious showing been made
in the annals of the swell organization.
Members of the club only were pres
ent at the private opening of the ex
hibition yesterday. The spread is made
in the jinksroom. The real Interest
of the exhibition rests mostly in the
award the governors of the club shall
make for the proposed Bret Harte mon
ument to be erected in some public
place In this city.
Three contestants are entered for the
race. One of them is Robert I. Altken.
who originally designed a sketch rep
resenting "Tennessee's Pardner" weep
ing over the grave of his late associate.
It was beautifully smybollc of the Cali
fornia miner, whom Harte had made
historic in song and story. Aside from
the tale, it represented the miner of
'49, bewailing his harpist. Even the
most ill-read person, to whom had came
the joyous , tragic notes of Harte
through the medium of a Fifth School
fteader, would have recognized the
pose. It did not need' the story of
"Tennessee's Pardner" to complete the
tale. It was a statue of the California
miner thieving over Bret Harte.
MAKES NEW DESIGN.
Ellery*s Band Makes a Hit at
Alhambra - Good Patronage
Rewards the Playhouses
Gorman Seeks to Compel Com
plete Investigation by Com
mittee From Upper House
Walls of Jinksroom Flash With
Brilliant Works and Some
Splendid Statuary Is Shown
THRILLER ON AT CENTRAL
POSTAL INQUIRY URGED
TEST AMONG SCULPTORS
Bohemians Say Display Sur
passes Any Previous Effort
in Its Artistic Presentation
Cullom Opens the Discussion
With a Speech in Support of
Eeciprocity With the Island
**A Boyal Prisoner" Just Like
Shows of Childhood When
Pins Were Taken at Door
ALCAZAR GIVES
"BARN" DRAMA
CLUB OPENS
ART EXHIBIT
SENATE TAKES
UP CUBAN BILL
- ¦ ¦ . . . .. -C' /'¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER* 8, 1903.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS. ;
ijj^ laBS^WmMiir *^ e renownec^ fashion authority, has become
SmLj a ¦ te &^ ar contributor to The Delineator.
Hgv i \ ;. . ior us ldsnion inioimaiion. ricreaiLer me
¥ ¦ j? covering an immense range of styles of our
I own corps of designers, artists and writers,
with lllustratians by the most skilhil rashion
§\ artists, but it will also present the views of the present and the prophecies for the
future of this justly famous modiste.
The Fountain of Youth a s? Personal Beauty
By Dr. Grace Peckham Murray. How to Attain and Preserve it Finely illustrated. This series of twelve monthly
articles will be a most practical help to The Delineator readers.
P A R mp A I • 0W l^ e OP cra was Written,'by W. T. Henderson; Reminiscences of the First Performance, by Gustar
* "l^^ir/\L-i. Kobbe*. Illustrated from the only pnotographs of the opera ever taken, and now published for the
first time. A unique treat for the music lover. Just as interesting and in another vein is SCHUMANN-HEINK AT HOME.
THE EVOLUTION OF A CLUB WOMAN— Serial THE GOLDEN POPPY— A Story by Jack London
A DEPARTMENT FOR CHILDREN HOME MAKING WAITING AND SERVING
For practical fashion information of value; for the care of your person, the beautifying of your home, the welfare
f of children; for every kind of needlework, and for good literature attractively illustrated, "Just Get The Delineator,**
Of your newsdealer or any Butterick agent, or of the publishers, at 1 5 Cents a copy. $1 .00 for an entire year.
rTHE BUTTERICK PUBLISHING COMPANY, Ltd.. 7 to 17 West Thirteenth Street, New York
FREE— Anyone addressing the publishers will be mailed free Mrs. Osborn's letter with illustrations.
Subscriptions to The Delineator can be handed in at any of the following: Butterick Agencies in this City:
The Butterick Publishing Co., (Ltd.), 201 Post street. W. C. Hays, 1303 Polk street.
The Emporium. D/ Lindner, 1730 Devisadero street.
Weinstock, I/ubin & Co., Grant avenue and Geary street. Schoenholz Bros. & Co., %• 2011-2013 Fillmore street.
I. S. Cohen, 145 Sixth street. . \;i '\ F. L. Waibel, 3035 Sixteenth street.
J. W. Eaton, 639 McAllister street. Oscar Waibel, 2526 Mission street.
S. M. Cohn & Bro., ' 1305 Stockton street.
OCEAq TBAVEIu
S Steamers leave San Fran*
Cisco as follows :
For Ketchlkan. Wrangel,
Juneau. Haines, Ekaguay.
etc. Alaska — 11 a. m., Dec.
2. 7. 12. 17. 22. 27 Jan. 2..
Change to company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett, TVTiatcom — 11 a. m., Dec. 2. 7.
12. 17. 22. 27. Jan. 2. Change at Seattle to
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry. ; at Seattle, or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Railway.
For Kureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p m, Dec. 6, 12, 18 24. 30. Jan. 5; Corona.
1:30 p. m.. Dec. 3. 9. 15. 21. 27. Jan. 2.
For Los Angeles (via Port Lo« Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara — San-
ta Rosa Sundays 9 a. m.
8tate of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Crua. Mon-
terey San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis 'Oblspo) Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay, 9 a m.. Dec. 3. 11. 19. 27. Jan. 4.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Dec. 7. 15. 23. 31. Jan. 8.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan Altata, La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia* Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sall-
lnfr dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hoter). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. /?- & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails Dec. 9, 19. 29, Jan. 8, 18.
28. "George' TV. Elder" sails Dec. 14. 24. Jan.
3. 13, 23. Only steamship line to PORTLAND.
OR.", and short rail line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all points, all
rail or steamship and rail, at LOWEST
RATES. Steamer tickets include berth and
meals: Steamer sails foot of Spear st-. at 11
a m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept.. 1
Montgomery ,st.: C. CLIFFORD, Gen. Agt.
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.>
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan street*, at 1 P. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connectine at
: Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
S S. NIPPON MARU (calling at Manila)
Wednesday, December 30. 1903
S. S. AMERICA MARU :
Monday, January 25, 1904
9 S. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday, February 17, 1904
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tlckefS at reduced
rates. For freight and passage, apply at Com-
nanv's office. 421 Market streets, corner First.
* W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
bceanics.sxo.SSi
8 S VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
. "land and Sydney. Thursday. Dec. 10. 2 p. m.
' R 8 ALAMEDA, for Honolulu, Dec.19. 11 a.m
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Jan. 6, 19O4,
STFUCnu * K5S.&, l|ti..TWrtCIto,j43 lutom
frtS.ti1S3.iU BvbtSL.Pkrla.7.?uiDelL
COKPAGNIE GEHESALE TRANSATLANTIQH E.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. j-»i_
Sailing every Tnursday instead of •*aSvW2M»
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. ** !:e "
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, . 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, S Montgomery avenue; San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mar* Island _. and _ VaUgJo Steamers.
Steamer Gen. FRISBIE or ' MONTICELLO—
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo.
7 a. m.. 12:30 and 6 p. m., ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. m.'. 4:15 p. m. Fare. 60 cents. • Tel.
Main 1508. Pier 2, Misalon-st. dock. HATCH
BROS. .__.-
¦ • rr i^VEBTISEMENTS. ; , _ '/¦
FINEST AND LARGEST SELECTION
Paintings Cabinets
Pictures Tables
Miniatures TTfiT TTI A XT Desks
Statuary 111 I 1 1 ft Y Clocks
In Bronze- j III IM 9 Lamps
Marble JLlUJJlliXll China and *
Ivory v Glassware
Artistic Pottery
Electric |^| TT1 f¥l Shaving,
Fixtures I I U I V Smoking and
Brass iTlPllj Card Sets.
Goods Uxx 11/ Thousands
Vases ¦ of Other
Ornaments Different
Novelties ' 3.1 Articles
S.&G. GUIVSP CO.
Open Evenings. - - 113 Geary St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
¦ — or the —
HAMBURG BREMEN
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
•
OF HAMBURG. In the Empire of Germany,
on the 31st day of December, A. D. 1902.
and for the year ending on that day. as mad*
to the Insurance Commissioner of th» State of
California, oursuant to the provision of sec-
tions B10 and 611 of the Political Code, con-
densed as Der blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. .|1, 439,075 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.. 40. COO 00
Cash in Banks 53.300 11
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 149.001 79
Total Assets .11.733. 385 90
LIABILITIES. '
Losses adjusted and unpaid.....;. |3.173 00
Losses in process of Adjustment cr
In Suspense 89.340 00
Losses resisted, including: expenses 12.150 00
Gross premiums on Fire- Risks run-
ntng one year or !«>«s, $1,202,- /
257 01; reinsurance 80 per cent.. 601,123 51
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,126.-
3U9 87: reinsurance pro rata.... 808,627 33
Commissions and Brokerage due
and to become due 42,213 44
Total Liabilities .$1,359,634 M
INCOME. "~
Net cash actually received for
Fire premiums ll.Ul.SSS 41
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 52.148 T3
Total Incoma $1,604,037 13
EXPENDITURES, ' ==
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $70,326 39, losses of
previous years) 8S3.731 40
Paid or allowed for Commission or :
Brokerage 298.213 03
Paid for t-alaries. Fees and other
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc.. 122.819 13
Paid for State, National and Local
.taxes ...- .....'...... 36.42129
All other payments and expendi-
tures 4 06,501 04
Total Expenditure* ......$1,443,685 91
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year.. $308.011 40
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. I Premium*.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $141,600,790 $1,934,499 7«
Net amount of risks
expired during the!
year j 130.350,575 1.700.101 30
Net amount in force;
December 31. 19C2..I 1S2.396.620 2.32S.5«6 88
F. O. AFFELD. U. S. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. tbla 224
day of January. 1003.
CHARLES EDGAR MILLS.
Commissioner for California in New York.
RUDOLPH HEROLD Jr., General Agent.
HARRY C. EOYD, Assistant Gen'l Agent
415 CALIFORNIA ST.,
SAN* .FRASCI3CO* CAL.
West Gall $1.00 w Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SHREVE & C(K
Gem, Merchants.
Gold and Silversmiths.
Manufacturers.
POST & MARKET
STREETS
Open Evenings Until
APVERTIBEMENT8.
Dr. Lyon's
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
TJsed by people of refinement
•for over a quarter of a century
PREPARED BY "\.
For Stomach Disorders
Cout and Dvsoepsla
* , DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline. Water.
A. VI3NIEB. CO., San Eranclsco.
_O CB AN_ TBA VET,. _^^
AMERICAN LINE.
New York — Southampton — London.
St.Luuts.Dec.l2.9::{0 amiSt.PauI.Dcc.20,a:30 am
N.York. Dee.l9.9:30 amlPhlla.Jan. 2. 0:30 am
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT LINE.
New York — London Direct.
Mln't'kn. Dec. 12, noon|MInn'pls.Dec.2«. 10 am
MesabaDec. 10, i» amlMlnnrhahn.Jan.2. 3 am
Only Flr»t-class Passengers Carried.
DOMINION LINE.
Portland — Liverpool— Short sea passage.
Dominion ......Dec. til Dominion ... ...Jan. 23
Canada Jan. 2|Canada Feb. 6
j BED STAB LINE.
New York — Antwerp — Parl«.
VarVd. Dec. 12. 10:30 am! Zeer<J.Dec.2ti. 10:30 am
Krn'ld.Dec.l9.10:30 amlFinland.Jan.2.10:30 am
WHITE STAB LINE.
New Tort — Queenstovm — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Arabic Dec.,0, 9 am Cedric.lDee. 30, 1 pm
Oceanic.. Dec. 16. 4 pm Majestic. Jan. 6, 10 am
Teutonie.Dec. '23, . noon Celtic Jan 13, 2 pm
Boston— Queenstown — Liverpool.
Crctlc ...Dec. 10. Feb. 11, Mar. 10
Cymric: .Dec. 24. Jan. 28, Feb. 25
BOSTON MEDITERRANEAN SERVICE.
Azores, Gibraltar,- Naples, Genoa.
ROMANIC .....Dec. 5. Jan. 16. Feb. 27
REPUBLIC (new)...... Jan. 2, Feb. 13, Mar. 2rt
CANOPIC. Jan. 30. Mar. 12
C. D. TAYLOR, Passenger Agent Pacific Coast,
21 Post St., San' Francisco. • .
iKi^AtoiERS. MARSEILLES, GENQA^i |
Uf WAPUE.S 6f ALEXANDRIA, EGYPT.»|
¦ ROMANIC,' Dec. 5, Jan. 16. Feb. 27,' Apl. 9
REPUBLIC (new). Jan. 2, Feb. 13, Mar. 2C
CANOPIC. ...... .....:.. .Jan. 30, Mar. ' 12
(Send for rates /and Illustrated booklet.)
' 'These steamers are the largest In Medi-
terranean service. „„
. First class, $75 and $80 upward, according
to date of sailing.
; Boston to Liverpool Quee^wa
CRETIC. '..;.... Dec. 10, Feb. II. Mar. ilO
CYMRIC:.....;. Dec. 24.: Jan. 28, Feb.. 23
¦ First class, $65 upward. - For. plans, etc.
i. address ' ¦
'. - WHITE STAR = LINE. 77-81 * State at.,
Boston. ¦ cr to C. D. TAYLOR, 21 • Post . st.System Must Be Devised by
Which Undesirable For
eigners May Be Kept Out
and Others Protected.
Immigration Laws
Need Improvement
ria. China, by treaty with us. has opened to
foreign commerce the cities of Mukden, the
capital of the province of Manchuria, and An
tung, an important port" on tha Yalu River,
on the road to Korea. The full measure of
development which our commerce may right
fully espect can hardly be looked for until
the settlement . of the present abnormal state
of things in the empire: but the foundation for
such development has at last been laid.
I ' call your attention to the reduced cost
in maintaining the consular service, for the fis
cal year ending June 30, 1903. as shown in
the rnnual report of the auditor for the State
and other departments, as compared with the
year previous. For the year under consider
ation the excess of experidltnresover receipts
on account of the consular service amounted
to $28,125 12. aa against $36,972 SO for the
year ending June Sr>. 19C2. and $147,040 18 for
the year ending June 30. 1901. This Is the
best showing in this respect for the consular
service for the past fourteen years, and the
reduction in the cost of the service to the Gov
ernment has been made In spite of the fact
that the expenditures for the year in Question
were more than $20,000 greater than for the
previous year.
Satisfactory End
of Boundary
Contention.
Revision Needed
in Immigrant
System.
Law on Disputes
of Labor and
Capital.
Mr. Roosevelt Writes En
couragingly of Louisiana
Purchase and Lewis and
Clark Expedition
Lawmakers Urged
to Aid Big Fairs
Fiscal Revenue System Must
Be Watched to Prevent
Unnecessary Reduction of
Income of Government
Economy Required
in Appropriations
Last year the Interparliamentary Union for
International Arbitration met at Vienna six
hundred members of the different legislature*
of civilized countries attending. It was pro
vided that the next meeting should be in -190-1
at St. Louis, subject to our Congress extending
an invitation. Like the Hague Tribunal this
Interparliamentary Union is one of the forces
tending toward peace among the nations of
the earth, and It Is entitled to our support
I trust the invitation can be extended.
I advocate this as a matter of humanity and
morals. It la anachronistic when private prop
erty Is respected on land that should not be
respected at. sea. Moreover, it should be borne
in mind that shipping- represents. Internation
ally speaking, a much more generalized spe
clen ot private property than Is the tase
with ordinary, property on land — that is,, prop
erty found at sea is much less apt than is the
case with property found on land really to
belong to any one nation. Under the modern
system of corporate- ownership the flag of a
vessel often differs from the flag which would
mark the nationality .of the real ownership
and money control of the vessel ; and the
cargo may belong- to Individuals of yet a dif
ferent nationality. Much American capital U
now invested . in foreign ships; and among
foreign nations it often happens that the cap
ital of one is largely Invested In the shipping
of another. Furthermore, as a practical mat
ter. It may be mentioned that while com
merce destroying may cause serious loss and
great annoyance, '- it can never be more than
a subsidiary factor in bringing to terms a res
olute foe. This is now well recognized by all
of our naval experts. The fighting ship not
the commerce destroyer, is the vessel whose
feat* add renown to a nation's history, and
establish her place among the great powers
of the world-
"The experiences of the last year bring for
cibly home to us a sense of the burdens and
the waste of war. We desire, in common with
most civilized nations, to reduce to the lowest
possible point the damage sustained In time of
war by oeaceable trade and commerce. It
is true we may suffer in such cases less than
other communities, but all nations are dam
aged more or less by the etate of uneasiness
and apprehecclon into which an outbreak ot
hostilities thiowa the entire commercial world.
It should be our object therefore to minimize
so far as practicable this Inevitable loes and
disturbance. This purpose can probably best
be accomplished by an international agree
ment to regard all private property at sea as
"exempt from capture or destruction by the
forces of belligerent powers. The United
States Government has for many years advo
cated this humane and beneficent principle
and is now In a position to recommend it to
other powers without the Imputation of selfish
motives. I therefore suggest for your consid
eration that the. executive be authorized to
correspond with tbe governments of the prin
cipal maritime powers with a view of incor
porating into the permanent law of civilized
nations principle of the exemptgn of all
private -property at sea hot contraband of war
from capture . or. destruction by belligerent
powers," ' ' : .'
. I cordially renew, this recommendation. : ..
The Supreme Court, . speaking on December
11, 1S99, through Justice Peckham. said: -
"It is, we think, historically accurate to say
that thin Government has always been in its
views among the most advanced of the govern
ments of the world in favor of mitigating, as
to all non-combatants, the hardships and hor
rors of war. To accomplish that object it has
always advocated those rules which would In
most cases do away with the right to capture
the private property of an enemy on the high
seas." -. . ;,-¦
Further steps should be taken. In President
McKinley's annual message ot December 6,
1808, . be - made the following recommenda
tion:
There seems good ground for the belief that
there has been a real growth among , the civ
ilized nations of a sentiment which will per
mit a gradual substitution' cf other methods
than the method of war in the settlement of
disputes. It Is not pretended that as yet we
are near a position in which it will be possi
ble wholly to prevent war, or that a Just re
gard for national Interest and honor will . in
all cases permit of the settlement of interna
tional disputes by arbitration; but by a mix
ture of prudence and firmness with wisdom
we think it is possible to do away with much
of the provocr tlon and excuse for war. and at
least in many cases to substitute some other
and more rational method for the settlement of
disputes., The Hague court offers mo good an
example of what can be dona in the direction
of such" settlement that It should be encour
aged in every way.
\ - —
Uncle Sam's Relations With
the Porte r Are Friendly.
School Treatment Claims
in Course of Adjustment
Aff air at Beirut
and Need of Ships
Department of Commerce
and Labor Is Relied on to
Secure Us Great Advan
tages Over Other Nations
Rivalry in Trade
Demands Vigilance
Recovery of Dishonest Ac
quisitions a Matter of Se
rious Moment and Vigor
our Action by the Officers
Land Sale Fraud
Calls for the Law
Hopes of the United. States
Amply Realised in Settle
.V men t Received by Powers
Interested in Venezuela
Arbitration Court
Proves Its Value
- Our hopes in that regard have Been realized.
Rursia and Austria are represented in. the per
sons of the learned and ' distinguished jurists
who compose the tribunal, while Great Britain,
Germany, Fn-uce," Spain, Italy, Belgium, the
Netherlands, Sweden and Norway, Mexico, the
United States and Venezuela are represented by
their respective agents and counsel. Such an
Imposing concounse of nations presenting their
arguments to and invoking the decision of that
high ; court ' of v international justice and Inter
national peace can hardly fail to secure a like
?submission of many future controversies. .The
nations now . appearing . there ; will find it.,far
easier to appear there a second time, while. no
nation : can . imagine .» Its , : Just . pride : will * be
lessened ¦ by following . the example - now ,: pre
sented. . This • triumph of the . principle of • in
ternational arbitration, is a . subject of warm
congratulation and - offers < a : happy- augury .» for
the peace of the world. ¦"
In my last annual ¦ message, In connection
with the subject of the due regulation of com
binations of . capital which are or may become
Injurious to the public, I recommended a spe
cial appropriation for. the better enforcement of
: the anti-trust law as it now stands, to be ex
pended .under thn direction Of the 'Attorney
General: -- According (by the legislative,- execu
tive and Judicial appropriation act of February
25, 1903, 32 Stat., SM, 004), the Congress ap
propriated, for the purpose of enforcing the va
rious Federal trust ' and interstate . commerce
laws, tbe sum of $500,000, to be expended un
der the direction of the Attorney General in
the employment of. special counsel and agents
In - the : Department of Justice to conduct ¦ pro
ceedings and prosecutions under said -laws' in
the courts of the United States. I now recom
mend, as a matter of the utmost importance and
urgency, r the extension of the purposes of this
appropriation, eo that It may be available, un-
In enacting the laws above enumerated the
Congress proceeded on sane and conservative
lines. Nothing revolutionary was attempted;
but a common-sense and successful effort
made in the direction of eeeing that corpo
rations are so handled as to eubserve the
public good. The legislation was moderate.
It was characterized throughout by the idea
that we were not Attacking corporations, but
endeavoring to provide for doing . away with
axty evil in them: that we drew the line
ejratnst misconduct, -not against wealth; gladly
recognizing . the great good done by. the cap
italist who alone, or in conjunction with " his
ttUoirs, floe* his work' along proper and JeclU-
Commerce between the nations is steadily
growing in volume, and the tendency of the
tiroes is toward closer trade relations. Con
stant watchfulness is needed to secure to
Americans the chance to participate to the best
advantage In foreign trade; and we may confi
dently expect that the new department will
Justify tbe expectation of its creators by the
exercise of this watchfulness, as well aa by
the buslness-Mke administration of euch laws
relating to our internal affairs as are Intrusted
to Its care.
While euch a measure is desirable In any
event it i» especially desirable at this - time, in
view of the fact that our present governmental
contract Xor ' ocean mall vita the American
During the last session of the Congress, at
the suggestion of a Joint note from the repub
lic of Mexico and the imperial Government of
China, and In harmony with an act of th»
Congress appropriating 125,000 to pay the ex
penses thereof, a commission was appointed to
confer with the principal European countries
in the hope that some plan might be devised
whfreby a fixed rate of exchange could be as
sured between the gold standard countries and
the silver standard countries. This commis
sion has filed its preliminary report, which has
been made public. I deem It Important that
the commission be continued and that. & sum
of money be appropriated sufficient to pay. the
expenses of its further labors.
A majority of our people desire that steps
be taken in the interests of American . ship
ping, so that we may once more resume our
former position in the ocean carrying trade.
But hitherto the differences of- opinion as to
the proper method of reaching this end have
been so wide that It has proved Impossible to
secure the 'adoption of any particular scheme.
Having in view these facts, I recommend that
the Congress direct the Sacretary of the Navy,
the "Poetraaster General and the Secretary of
Commerce and Labor, associated with such ft
representation from the Senate and House of
Representatives as the Congress in its wis
dom may designate, to serve as a commission
for the purpose cf Investigating and reporting
to the Congress at Its next session what legis
lation Is desirable or necessary for the devel
opment of the American merchant marine and
American commerce, and Incidentally of a na
tional ocean mail service of adequate auxiliary
naval cruisers and. naval reserves. •-.:."
From all sources, exclusive of the postal ser
vice, the receipts of the Government for the
last fiscal year aggregated $560,396,674. The
expenditures for the same period were $500,
<•'.*:'.<>('". the surplus for the fiscal year being
$54.2»7.6 > J7. The indications are that the sur
plus for the present fiscal year will be very
small, if Indeed there be any surplus. From
July to November the receipts from customs
were, approximately, nine million dollars less
than the receipts from the same source for a
corresponding portion of last year. Should this
decrease continue at the same ratio through
out the fiscal year, tbe surplus would be re
duced by, approximately, thirty millions dol
lars. Should the revenue from customs euf
fer much further decrease during the fiscal
year, the* surplus would vanish.' A large sur
plus is certainly undesirable. Two years ago
the war taxes were taken off with the express
intention of equalizing the governmental re
ceipts and expenditures, and though the first
year thereafter still showed a surplus. It now
seems likely that a substantial equality of rev
enue and expenditure will be attained.
Such being tbe case It is of great moment
both to exercise care and economy in appro
priations, and to scan sharply any change In
our fiscal revenue system which may reduce
our Income. The need of strict economy in
our expenditures is emphasized by the fact that
we cannot afford to be parsimonious In pro
vidii.g for what Is essential to our national
well-being. .Careful economy wherever possi
ble will alone prevent our Income from falling
below the point required in order to meet our
genuine needs. ¦
The integrity of our currency is beyond
question, end under present conditions it
would b» unwise and unnecessary to attempt
a reconstruction of our entire monetary sys
tem. The rame liberty should be granted the
Secretary of the Treasury to deposit customs
receipts as Is granted him In the deposit, of
receipts from other sources. In my message
of December 2, 1902, I called attention to cer
tain seed* of the financial situation, and I
again aek the consideration of tbe Congress
for these questions. •
For ¦ nearly three-fourths ' of a century ' the
absence of tangible. local interests -demanding
the'exerclse of positive "Jurisdiction on either
side oT the .border -left ; the question dormant.
In 1S78 questions ofirevemie administration on
thetfitiklne River led to the establishment of
a provisional demarcation, crossing the channel
between two high peaks on either side about
twenty-four miles ahpve the river mouth. In
1809 similar, questions growing out of: tha
extraordinary development ' of mining interests
in the region about the head of Lynn canal
brought about a' temporary, modus Vivendi, . by
which a 'convenient separation was made at
the watershed divides of the White and Chll
koot oasses . and to the north " of K Ink wan, on
the Klehinl River. iThese partial and tentative
adjustments could not, in the • very nature of
things, be satisfactory or lasting. A perma
nent disposition : of the matter became -, imf
peratlve. .
. After unavailing attempts to reach an under
standing through a, Joint High , Commission;
followed : by ' prolonged . negotiations, . conducted
In an amicable sptrlt, a convention between the
United States and .Great Britain! was signed
January. 24." 1903, providing for an examination
of (the subject by a mixed tribunal of six mem
bers, . three on • a Bide, with a . view to its final
disposition. Ratifications - were . exchanged > on
March ¦ 8 last," whereupon i the \ two ¦ Governments
appointed their respective members. Those on
'¦ For several • years past the rapid . develop
ment of Alaska and the establishment Of Brow
ing American interests in. regions theretofore
unsurveyed and Imperfectly known brought into
prominence the urgent necessity, cf a practical
demarcation of the boundaries between the
jurisdictions of the United States rnd Great
Britain. Although \ the treaty : of 1S25 ¦(•.'tween
Great Britain and Russia, the provision* o:
which were coaled In the treaty of 1867,
whereby Russia conveyed Alaska to .the United
States, was. positive as to the control, first by
Russia and later by the United • States, "of a
strip of territory along the continental main
land from the western shore of Portland canal
to Mount St. Ellas, following and surrounding
the Indentations of the coast and Including the
Islands to the westward. Its description of the
landward -margin of the strip was indefinite,
resting on the supposed existence of a continu
ous ridge or range of mountains skirting the
coast, - as figured in the charts of ¦ the early
navigators. It had at no time been possible
for either party in Interest to lay down, under
the authority of the treaty, a line so obviously
exact : according to its provisions' as to com
mand the assent of the other. •
There can be no crime more serious than
bribery. Other offenses violate one law, while
corruption strikes at the foundation of all law.
Under our torm of government all authority is
vested In the people and by them delegated to
those who represent them in official capacity.
There can be no offense "heavier than that of
him In whom such a sacred trust has been re
posed who sells It for his own and enrich
ment; and no less heavy is the offense of the
bribe-giver. He is worse than the thief, for
the thief robs the Individual, wnlle the corrupt
official plunders an entire city or State. He
is as wicked as the murderer, -for the murderer
may only take one life against the law, while
the. , corrupt official and the man who
corrupts the official alike aim at the
assassination of the cpmmonwealth it
self. Government ' of the people, by
the people, for the people will perish from the
face of the earth If bribery is tolerated. The
givers and takers of bribes stand on an evil
pre-eminence of Infamy. The exposure and
punishment of public corruption is an honor
to a nation, not a disgrace. The shame lies
In toleration, not In corruption. ! No city of
State, still less the nation, can be injured by
tho enforcement of law. As long as public
plunderers • when detected can- find a haven of
fef uge in any foreign land and avoid punish
ment. Just so long encouragement ia given them
to ' continue their practices. - If we fail to do
all that in us lies to stamp out corruption we
cannot escape our share of responsibility for
the guilt. The first requisite of successful self
government is unflinching enforcement of the
law and the cutting out of corruption. '
Bribery Strikes
Law's Foundation
Exposure and Punishment
of Public Corruption Is an
Honor to Nation, and Not
a Disgrace, Says President
The Federal Grand Jury lately In session in
New York City dealt with this subject and
made a presentment which states the situation
briefly and forcibly and contains important sug
geetions for the consideration of the Congress.
This presentment Is included as an appendix to
the report of the Attorney General.
¦ The methods by which these frauds — now un
der full investigation with a view to meting out
punishment and providing adequate' remedies —
are perpetrated include many variations of pro
cedure by which false certificates of citizenship
are forged in their entirety; or genuine certifi
cates fraudulently • or colluslvely . obtained in
blank are filled in by the criminal conspirators;
or certificates are obtained on fraudulent state
ments as to the time of arrival and residence in
this country; or imposition and substitution cf
another party for the real petitioner occur in
court; or certificates are made the subject of
barter and sale and transferred from the right
ful holder to those not entitled to them; or cer
tificates are forged by erasure of the original
names and the insertion of the names of other
persons not entitled to the tame.
It Is not necessary for me to refer here at
large to the causes leading to this state of af
fairs. The desire for naturalization la heartily
to be Commended where it springs from a sin
cere and permanent intention to become citizens
and a real appreciation of the privilege. But It
is a source of untold evil and trouble where it
is traceable to selfish and dishonest motives,
such as the effort by artificial and improper
means. In wholesale fashion to create voters
who are ready-made tools of corrupt politicians,
or the desire to evade certain labor laws cre
ating discriminations against alien labor. All
good citizens, whether naturalized or native
born, are equally interested in protecting our
citizenship against fraud in any form, and, on
the other hand, in affording every facility for
naturalization to those who In good faith desire
to 6bare alike our privileges and our responsi
bilities.
The special investigation of the subject of
naturalization under the direction of the At
torney General and the consequent prosecu
tions reveal a condition of affairs calling for
the immediate attention of the Congress. For
geries and perjuries of shameless and flagrant
character have- been perpetrated, not only in
the dense centers of population, but through
out the country, and it is established beyond
doubt that very many so-called citizens of the
United States have no title whatever to that
right and are asserting and enjoying the ben
efits of the came through the grossest frauds.
It is never to be forgotten that citizenship is,
to quote the words recently ' used by the Su
preme Court of the United Statesman "inesti
mable heritage," whether it proceeds from
birth within the country or is obtained by
naturalization; and we poison the sources of
our national character and strength at the
fountain, > If the privilege is claimed and exer
cised without right and by means of fraud and
corruption. The body politic cannot be sound
and healthy if many of its constituent mem
bers claim their standing through the prosti
tution of the high right and calling of citizen
ship. It should mean something to become a
citizen of the United States, and in the process
no loophole whatever should be left open to
fraud.
We cannot have too much immigration, of
the* right kind, and we should have # none at all
of the wrong kind. The need la to devise some
system by which undesirable- immigrants shall
be kept out entirely, while desirable immi
grants are prooerly distributed- throughout
the country. At present some districts which
need immigrants have none, and in others,
where the population is already congealed, im
migrants come in such numbers as to depress
the conditions of life for those already. there.
During the last . two • years the i immigration
service at New York has been greatly Improved
and the corruption and Inefficiency which for
merly obtained there have been eradicated.
This service has Just been investigated by a
committee of New York - citizens of high
standing, Me«t>rs. Arthur von Briesen, Lee K.
Frankel, Eugene A. Phllbln, Thomas W.
Hynes and Ralph Trautman. Their report
deals with the whole situation at length and
concludes~with certain recommendations for
administrative and legislative action. It is
now •, receiving the attention of the Secretary
of Commerce and Labor.
The establishment of the Department of
Commerce end Labor, 'with the Bureau of Cor
porations' thereunder, marks a real advance
in the direction of doing all that is possible
lor the solution of the questions vitally affect
ing capitalists and wage worker*. The act
creating the fienartmont was approved on
February 1*, JMrt. and two days later the head
of the department was nominated and con
firmed by the Senate. Since then the work of
organization has been put-hod as rapidly as
the initial appropriations permitted, and with
due regard to thoroughness and the broad pur
]*>*« which the department Is designed to
serve. After the tianffer of the various bu
reaus and branches to the department at the
beginning of the current fiscal year, as pro
vided Tor in the ar*.. the itersonnel comprised
Jl'SO employes In Washington and 883(5 in the
country at l&rge. The scoi>e of tha depart
ment's duly and authority embraces the com
mercial and industrial interests of the nation.
It i* not designed to restrict or control the
lullest liberty of legitimate business action,
but to pwure exact and authentic information
which will aid the executive in enforcing ex
isting laws and which will enable the Con
press to «:nact additional legislation, if ! any
should be found necessary, in order to pre\-ent
the few from obtaining privileges at the ex
pense of diminished opportunities for the many.
The preliminary work of the Bureau of Cor
porations in the department has shown the
v-ireom of its creation. Publicity In corporate
affair* will tend to do away with Ignorance
end will afford facts upon which intelligent
action may be tak<>n. PyMTnatic, Intelligent
investigation is already developing facts the
knowledge of which is essential to a right
understanding of the need* ur.i duties of the
business world. The corjxtration which is
honestly and fairly organized, whose man
agers In the conduct of Its buslneM recognize
their obligation to deal squarely with their
Ftoekholder*. th«-lr corej»otltors and the public
has nothing to fear from euch supervision. The
purpose of this bureau Is not' to embarrass or
assail legit 1 Ante business, but to aid in bring
ing about a better Industrial condition — a con
dition under which there shall be obedience to
law and recognition of public obligation by all
corporations, great or small.
The Department of Commerce and Labor will
be not only the clearing-house for information
regarding the business transactions of the na
tion, but the executive arm of the Government
to aid in strengthening our domestic and for
eign markets. In perfecting our transportation
facilities, in building- up our merchant marine.
In preventing the entrance of undesirable im
migrant*.. In improving commercial and indus
trial conditions and In bringing together on
common grounij those necessary partners In
industrial prozrrss— capital and labor.
The Conerers has created the Department
of Commerce and Labor, including the Bureau
cf Corporations, with for the first time au
thority to eecure proper publicity of such pro
ceedings of these treat corporations as the
public has the right to know. It has pro
vided for the expediting of suits for the en
forcement of the Ftdera.1 anti-trust law;' and
by another law it has secured equal treatment
to all producers in the traasj>ortation of their
eoods. thus taking a long stride forward in
making effective the work of the Interstate
Commerce Commission.
marked the past year both as regards
our foreign and aa . regards our do
mestic policy. With a ration as with a man
the most Important things are those of the
household, and therefore the country is espe
cially to be congratulated on what has been
accomplished in the direction of providing for
the exercise of supervision over the great "cor
porations and combinations of corporations «n
gared in Interstate commerce.
TO the Senate and House of Repre
sentatives: The country is to be con
gratulated on the amount of sub
stantial achievement which has
It will be remembered that during the second
session of the last Congress Great Britain, Ger
many and Italy formed an alliance for the pur
pose of blockading- the ports of Venezuela and
using such other means of pressure as would K.
cure a settlement of claims due. as they alleged,
to certain of their subjects. Their employment
of force for the collection of these claims was
terminated by an agreement brought about
through the offices .of the diplomatic represent
atives of the United States at Caracas and the
Government at Washington, thereby ending a
situation which was bound to cause Increasing
friction, and which jeoparded the peace of the
conl Inent. Under this agreement Venezuela
agreed to set apart a certain percentage of the
customs receipts of two of her ports to be ap
plied to the payment of whatever obligations
might be ascertained by mixed commissions ap
pointed for that purpose to be . due from her,
not only to the three powers already mentioned,
whose proceedings! against her had resulted in a
state .of war, but also to the United States,
France. Spain. Belgium,, the Netherlands,
Sweden and Norway, and Mexico, who had not
employed force for the collection of the claims
alleged to be due to certain of its citizens.'
A demand was then made by the so-called
blockading powers that the sums ascertained to
be due to their citizens by such mixed com
missions should be accorded payment in full be
fore anything'waa paid upon the claims of any
of the so-called peace powers. Venezuela, on
the other hand. Insisted that all her creditors
should be paid. upon a basis of exact equality.
During the efforts to 'adjust this dispute It
was suggested by the powers In interest that
It should be referred to me for decision, but 1
was clearly of the opinion that a far wiser
course would 'be to submit the question to the
Permanent Court of Arbitration at The Hague.
It seemed to me to offer an admirable oppor
tunity to advance the practice of the peaceful
settlement of. disputes between nations and to
secure for The Hague tribunal a memorable in
crease of its practical importance. • The na
tions Interested in the controversy were so nu
merous and In many Instances so powerful as
tomake?lt evident that' beneficent results
would follow from their 'appearance at the
same time before the, bar 'of that aucust tri
bunal of peace.. ' .
The result Is satisfactory in every way. It is
of great material advantage to our people In
the Far Northwest. It has removed from the
field of discussion and possible danger a ques
tion liable to become more acutely accentuated
with each passing year. Finally, it has fur
nished a signal proof of the fairness and good
will with which two friendly nations can ap
proach and determine issues involving national
sovereignty and by their nature Incapable of
submission to a third power for adjudication.
The award is self-executing on the vital
points. To make It ( effective aa regards the
others It only remains for the two governments
to appoint, each on its own behalf, one or more
scientific experts, who shall, with all conven
ient speed, proceed together to lay down the
boundary line in accordance with the decision
of the majority of the tribunal. I recommend
that the Congress make adequate provision for
the appointment, compensation and expenses of
the members to serve on this joint boundary
commission on the part of the United States.
This tribunal met in London on September^,
under the presidency of Lord Alverstone. The
proceedings were expeditious, and marked by a
friendly and conscientious spirit. The respect
ive casts, counter cases and arguments present
ed the issues clearly and fully. On the 20th of
October a majority of the tribunal reached and
signed an agreement on all the questions sub
mitted by the terms of the convention. By this
award the right of the United States to the con
trol of a continuous strip or border of* the main
land shore, skirting all the tied water Inlets
and sinuosities of the coast, is confirmed; the
entrance to Portland canal (concerning which
legitimate doubt appeared) is denned as pass
ing by Tongass Inlet and to the northwestward
of Wales' and Peafse islands* a line Is drawn
from the head of Portland canal to the fifty
sixth degree of north latitude; and the Interior
border 11ns. of the strip is fixed by lines con
necting'certain mountain' summits 'lying be
tween Portland canal and Mount St. Ellas, and
running along the crest cf the divide separating
the coast -slope from, the inland-watershed at
the. only part of the- frontier where the drain
age ridge approaches the coast within the dis
tance of ten marine leagues stipulated by the
treaty as the extreme width of the strip around
the heads of Lynn canal and its branches.
While tho line so traced follows the provision
al demarcation of 1878 at the crossing of the
Stiklne River, and that of 1S99 at the summits
of the White nnd Chllkoot passes, it runs much
farther inland from the Klehlnl than the tem
porary line of the later modus vlvendl, and
leaves the entire mining district of the Porcu
pine River and Clacler Creek within the Juris
diction of the United States.
Commerce Makes
Encouraging
Strides.
Year Is Fruitful
of Notable
Results.
Result of Deliberations of
the Tribunal in London of
Tremendous Advantage to
People of the Northwest
Alaska Boundary
Amicably Defined
Chief Executive
Transmits His
Message.
Line will expire In 1005. Our ocean mall act
was passed in 1891. In 1835 our 20-knot
Trans- Atlantic mail line was equal to any for
eign line. Since then the Germans have put
on 23-knot steamers and the British have con
tracted for 24-knot steamers. Our service
should equal the best. If it does not the- com
mercial public will abandon it. If we are to
stay in the business it ought to be with a full
understanding of the advantages to the coun
try on one hand and on the other with exact
knowledge of the cost and proper methods of
carrying it on. Moreover, lines of cargo ships
are of even more importance than fast mail
lines, save so far as the latter can be de
pended upon to furnish swift auxiliary, cruis-:
ers In time of war. The establishment of new
lines of cargo ships to South America, to Asia
and elsewhere would be much In the Interest
of our commercial expansion. . '
We have cause ae a nation to be thankful
for the steps that have been so successfully
taken to put these principles into effect. The
progress has been by evolution, not by revo
lution. Nothing radical has been done; the
action^ has been both moderate and resolute.
Therefore the work will etand. Th^re shall
be no backward step. If in the working of
the laws It proves desirable that they shall at
any point be expanded or amplified, the amend
ment can be made as Its desirability is shown.
Meanwhile they are being administered
with Judgment, but with Insistence upon obe
dience to them; and their need has been em
phasized in eignal fashion by the events of
the rast year.
mate lines. The purpose of the legislation,
which purpose will undoubtedly be fulfilled,
was to favor such a man when he does well,
and to supervise his action only to prevent
him from doin« 111. Publicity can do no
harm to the honest corporation. The only cor
poration that has cause to dread It Is the cor
poration which shrinks from the light, and
about the welfare of such corporations we
need not be Oversensitive. The work of the
Department of Commerce and Labor has been
conditioned upon this theory, of securing fair
treatment alike for labor and for capital.
The consistent policy of the National Govern
ment, to far ¦ as it has the power, is to
hold in check the unscrupulous man, whether
employer or employe; but to refuse to weaken
Individual initiative, or to hamper or cramp
the industrial development of the country- We
recognize that this la an era of federation
and combination, in which great capitalistic
corporations and labor unions have become
factors of tremendous Importance in all lndu*
trial centers. Hearty recognition is given the
far-reaching, beneficent work which has been
accomplished through both corporations and
unions, and the line as between different cor
porations, as between different unions, is drawn
as it is between different individuals; that is,
It Is drawn on conduct, the effort being to treat
both organized capital and organized labor
alike; asking nothing save that the Interest of
each shall be brought into harmony with the
Interest of the general public, and that the
conduct of each shall conform to the' funda
mental rules of obedience to law. of Individ
ual freedom, and of Justice and fair dealing
toward all. Whenever either corporation, la
bor union, or Individual disregards the law
or acts In a spirit of arbitrary any tyrannous
interference with the rights of others, whether
corporations or individuals, then where the
Federal Government has Jurisdiction it will
see to it that the misconduct is stopped, pay
ing not the slightest heed to the position or
power of the corporation, the union or the
individual, but only t<* one vital fact — that is,
the question whether or not the conduct of the
Individual or aggregate of Individuals is in ac
cordance with the law of the land. Every
man must be guaranteed his liberty and hie
right' to do as he likes with his property or
his labor, so long as he does not infringe the
rights of others. No man Is above the law
and no man is below it ; nor do we ask any
man's permission when we require him to
obey it. Obedience to the law is demanded as
a right; not asked as a favor.
Steps have been taken by the State Depart
ment looking to the making of bribery an ex
traditable offense with foreign iioweu. The
need of more efTectlve treaties covering this
crime is manifest. The exposures nnrt prosecu
tions of official corruption In St. Louis, Mo..
and other dltles and State* have resulted in a
number of elvers and takers o? bribes 'Ix-cuming
fugitives In forelm lands. Bribery has not
been included in extradition treaties heretofore,
as the neccMlty for. It has not arlsjn. While
there may have. been'. as much official corrup
tion In former years, there has bncH more de
veloped and brought to light In the Immediate
past than in the preceding dehtury ' of cur
country's history. It should be th.> policy of
the United States to leave co place on earth
where a corniDt man fleeing from this country
can rest --n i.eace. Thnre is no reason why
bribery rtiould not he Imlurfod In all -treaties
as extraditable. The r.>c-int amended treaty
with Mexico, wherobv this crime "as put In
the list of extraditable offenses, hus estab
lished a salutary precedent 1 in this regard.
Under this treaty the State Department has
asked, and Mexico has grunted, the extradition
of one. of the St; Louis bribe-givers.
der the direction of the Attorney General, and
until used, for the due enforcement of the laws
of the United States In general and especially of
the civil and criminal laws relating to public
lands and the laws, relating to postal crimes
and offenses and the subject of naturalization.
Recent Investigations have shown a deplorable
state of affairs in these three matters of vital
concern. By various frauds and by forgeries
and perjuries, thousands of acres of the public
domain, embracing lands cf different character
and extending through various sections of the
country, have been dishonestly acquired.
It Is hardly necessary to urge the Importance
of recovering these dishonest acquisitions, stolen
from the people, and of promptly and duly pun
ishing the offenders. I epeak In another part
of this message of the widespread crimes by
which the sacred right of citizenship is falsely
asserted and that "inestimable heritage" per
verted to base ends. By similar means — that
Is. through frauds, forgeries and perjuries, and
by shameless briberies— the laws relating to tho
proper conduct of the public service in general
and to the due administration of the Postofflce
Department have been notoriously violated, and
many indictments have been found, and the
consequent prosecutions are In course of hear
ing or on the eve thereof. For the reasens thus
indicated, and so that the Government may be
prepared to enforce promptly and with the
greatest effect the due penalties for such viola
tions of law, and to this end may be furnished
with sufficient. instrumentalities and competent
legal assistance, for the investigations and trials
wnich, will be necessary at many different
points of the country, I urge upon the Congress
the necessity of making the Paid appropriation
available for Immediate use for all such pur
poses, to be expended under the direction of the
Attorney General.
behalf of the United States were Ellhu Root
Secretary of War; Henry Cabot Lodge, a Sena
tor of the United States, and -George Turner, ai
ex-Senator of the United States, while Great
Britain named ¦ the Right Honorable Lord Al
verstone. Lord Chief Justice of England: Sli
Louis Amable Jette, K. C. 51. G.. retired Judgf
of the Supreme Court of Quebec, and A. B.
Ayleswortn. K. C, of Toronto. >
rHE salient features of the President's message may be summarised as fol
lows: Panama—President Roosevelt defends the course of the administra
tion in isthmian affairs and the recognition of the republic of Panama. Capital
and labor — Work of the Department of Commerce andLabor had been conditioned
upon the theory of securing fair treatment alike for labor and capital. Legislation
has been moderate and clxaracterizcd throughout by the idea of not attacking cor
porations, but endeavoring to do away with any evil in them. National finances —
Economy must be practiced, because expenditures for the current fiscal year are
exceeding receipts. Frauds — Attention is called to frauds, forgeries, perjurers
and briberies, and Congress is asked to provide money' for prosecution of all of -
FEATURES OF THE MESSAGE THAT WAS SENT TO CONGRESS
fenders. Navy — There should be no cessation in adding to the strength of the
navy, and a navy general staff should be established. Army—Until^a better sys
tem of promotion is devised we cannot hope that our officers will be of as high
grade as we have aright to expect. Merchant marine — A commission should be
appointed to investigate and report to Congress legislation for the development of
the merchant marine. Public lands — Revision of the public land laws is recom
mended. Insular possessions — Steady progress of the Philippines and Porto Rico
has been amply assured. Private property at sea— President McKinley's recom
mendation that European nations be invited tp.join zvith the United States in ex
empting such property from capture is renewed. . j
The signing of a new commercial treaty with
China,- which took place, at Shanghai on the
8th of " October, is a cause for satisfaction
This act,' the result of long discussion and. ne
gotiation, places our commercial relations with
the great Oriental empire on. a more satisfac
tory footing than. they have ever heretofore en-
Joyed. It provides not only for the ordinary
rights and privileges of diplomatic and con
sular ' officers, but also for an Important ex
tension of our commerce by Increased facility
of access to Chinese ports, and for the relief
of trade by the removal of eome of the ob
stacles which have embarrassed it in the past.
The . Chinese Government engages, on fair
and equitable conduits, which will probably
be- accepted by the principal commercial - na
ttons, to abandon the levy of "liken" and other
transit dues throughout the empire, and to In
troduce other desirable administrative reforms.
Larger facilities are to be -given to our •citi
zens whajieslre to carry on mining enterprises
in China. "We have , secured- for - our mission
aries -a valuable privilege, the recognition ¦ of
their • right to rent and lease In : • perpetuity
such property as their religious ' societies may
need 'in all parts of the empire. And, "what
was an indispensable condition for the advance
and development of our commerce In Wanchu-
Early In July, having- received Intelligence,
which happily turned out to be erroneous of
the association of our Vice Consul at Beirut.
I dispatched a small squadron to that port
for such service as might be found necessary
on arrival. Although the attempt on the life
of our Vice Consul had not been successful
yet the outrage was symptomatic of a state
of excitement and disorder which demanded
immediate attention. - The arrival of the ves
sels had the happiest result. A feeling of se
curity at once took the place of the former
alarm . and . disquiet; our .officers mere cor
dially, welcomed by the consular body and
the leading merchants, and ordinary business
resumed Its activity. The Government of tha
Sultan gave a considerate hearing to the rep
resentations of our Minister; the official who
was regarded as responsible for the disturbed
condition of affairs was removed. • Our rela
tions with the Turkish Government remain
friendly; our claims founded on inequitable
treatment of eome of our schools and missions
appear to be In process of amicable adjust
ment. .:. • ¦ • .
The rural fre« delivery ferric* has been
i steadily extended. The - attention ef the Con
gress Is axked to the question of the compensa
1 t!on of the letter carriers and clerks engaged In
the postal service, especially on the new rural
free delivery routes. More routes have been In
stalled since the 1st of July last than in any
like period In the department's history. While
a due regard to economy must be kept In mind
In the establishment of new routes, yet the ex
tension of the rural free delivery system must
be continued, for reasons of sound public policy.
Nq governmental movement of recent years has
resulted In greater Immediate benefit to the
people of the country districts. Rural free de
livery, taken in connection with the telephone,
tho bicycle and the trolley, accomplishes much
toward lessening the isolation of farm life and
making It brighter and more attractive. In the
Immediate past the lack of Just such facilities
as these has driven many of the more active
and restless young men and women from the
farms to the cities; for they rebelled at loneli
ness and lack of mental companionship. It Is
unhealthy and undesirable for the cities to
grow at the expense of the country; and rural
free delivery is not only a good thing In Itself.
but Is good because It la one of the cause*
which check this unwholesome tendency toward
the urban concentration of our population at
the expense of the country districts. It Is for'
the same reason that we sympathize with and
aprrove of the policy of build In a: good roads.
Tho movement for good roads la one fraught
with the greatest benefit to the country dis
tricts.
I trust that the Congress will continue to fa-
Tor !n all proper ways the Louisiana Purchase
Exposition. This exposition commemorates the
Louisiana purchase, which was the first great
step In the expansion > which made us a conti
nental nation. The expedition of Lewis and
Clark across the continent followed thereon and
marked the beginning of the process of explora
tion and colonization which thrust our national
boundaries to the Pacific. The acquisition of
the Ore*^>n country. Including the present States
of Oregon and Washington, was a fact of im
mense important© In cur history; first giving us
cur place on the Pacific seaboard and making
ready the way for our ascendency In the com
merce of the greatest of the oceans. The cen
tennial of our establishment upon the Western
coast by the expedition of Lewis and Clark Is to
be celebrated at Portland. Oregon, by an expo
sition In the summer of 1905, and this event
should receive recognition and support from the
national Government.
I call your special attention to the Territory
of Alaska,. The country Is developing rapidly
and it has an assured future. The mineral
wealth is great and has as yet hardly been
tapped. The fisheries. If wisely handled and
kept under national control, wilt be a business
as permanent as any other, and of the utmost
Importance to the people. The forests If prop
erly guarded will fona another great source of
wealth. -Portions of Alaska are fitted for fann
ing and stock raising, although the methods
must be adapted to the peculiar conditions of
the country. Alaska is situated fn the far
north; but so are Norway and Sweden and Fin
land; and Alaska can prosper and play Its part
In the new world Just as those nations have
prospered and played their parts in : the old
world: Proper land laws should be enacted;
and the survey of the public lands Immediately
begun. Coal land laws should b« provided
whereby the ccal land entryman may make his
location and secure patent under methods kin
dred to those now prescribed for homestead and
mineral entrymen. Salmon hatcheries, exclu
sively under Government control, should be es
tablished. The cable should be extended from
Sltka westward. Wagon roads ' and " traits
should be built, and the building of railroads
promoted In all legitimate ways. Lighthouses
should be built along the coast. Attention
should be paid to the needs of the Alaska In
dians; provision should be made for an officer,
with deputies, to study their needs, relieve
their immediate wants, and help them adapt
themselves to the nsw conditions.
The commission appointed to Investigate,
during the season of 1903. the condition and
needs of the Alaskan salmon fisheries, had fin.
lshed Us work In the field, and Is preparing "a
detailed report thereon. A preliminary report
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALU, TUESDAY, DECEMBER : 8,. . 1903.
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
REVIEWS NATION'S
PROGRESS AND PROSPERITY
6immediately offered to negotiate a treaty with us. This treaty I herezvith submit.
By it our interests are better safeguarded than in the treaty zvith Colombia zvhich
zvas ratified by the Senate at its last session. It is better in its terms than ths
treaties offered to its by the republics of Nicaragua and Costa Rica. At last the
right to begin this great undertaking is made available. Panama has done her
part. All that remains is for the American Congress to do its part and forthwith
this republic will enter upon the execution of a project colossal in its size and of
well-nigh incalculable possibilities for the good of this country and the nations of
mankind. — Excerpt from President Roosevelt's Message to Congress.
RIGHT TO BEGIN THE WATERWAY UNDERTAKING AVAILABLE.
£VERY effort has been made by the Government of the United States to per
suade Colombia to follozc a course zi'hich zvas essentially not only to our
interests and to the interests of the zvorld, but to the interests of Colombia
itself. These efforts have failed, and Colombia, by her persistence in repulsing the
advances tluit have been made, has forced us, for the sake of our own honor, and
of the interest and well-being, not merely of our own people, but of the
people of the isthmus of Panama and the people of the civilised * coun
tries of the zvorld, to take decisive steps to bring to an end a condi
tion of affairs zvhich had become intolerable. The nezv republic of Panama
Grim List of Revolutions in
the Disorderly History of
the Governments of Nezv
Granada and ItsSuccessor
Colombia's Record
of War and Crime
"The people of Panama having, by an appa
rently unanimous movement, dissolved their po
litical connection : with ¦ the republic of Colom
bia and resumed their Independence, and hav
ing adopted a Government of their own. repub
lican in form, with which the Government of
the United States i.f America has entered Into
relations, the President of the United States, in
accordance with the ties of friendship which
have so lorg and so happily existed between
the" respective nations, • most earnestly" com
mends to the governments of, Colombia and of
Panama the peaceful and equitable settlement
of ¦ all questions at : issue between . them. He
holds that he Is bound not merely by treaty ob
ligations, but by Interests of civilization, to see
that tbe peaceful traffic of the world across the
Isthmus ¦ of : Panama " shall f not longer . be dis
turbed by a constant succession of unnecessary
and wasteful civil wars." .••;¦¦ ' ¦ ' - : . '
, When these events happened fifty-seven years
had elapsed ¦¦ since : the United States had 'en
tered, into its treaty .with New Granada. Dur
ing that. time the governments of New Granada
and of Its successor, Colombia; have been In a
Lives of Toilers
Need Safeguards
Attention Is Called to Urg
ency for Renewed Effort
to Prevent Loss of Life
and Limb^ on Railroads
I heartily congratulate the Congress upon the
steady ¦ progress In' building up the • American
navy. We cannot afford a, let-up in this great
work. To stand still means to go back. • There
should be no cessation In adding to the effective
units 3f the fighting strength of . tbe : fleet.
Meanwhile the Navy Department' and the offl-
The effect of tbe laws providing a general
staff for the army and for the more effective
use of the National Guard has been excellent.
Great improvement has been made in the effi
ciency of our army In recenr> years. Such
schools as those erected at Fort Leavenworth
and Fort Riley and the institution of fall ma
neuver work accomplish satisfactory results.
The stood effect of these maneuvers upon the
National Guard Is marked, and ample appro
priation should be made to enable the guards
men of the several States to share In the
benefit. The Govenin.-tr.t should as soon a*
possible secure suitable permanent camo i.tes
fcr military maneuvers in ths various se<*tions
of the country. The service tner«*by rendered
no* only -to tha rerular army, but to the Na
tional Guard of the several States, will be
bo great as to repay many times over the rela
tively small expense. We should not rest sat
isfied with what has been done, however. Tbe
only people who are coutented with a system
of promotion by mere seniority are those who
are contented with the triumph of mediocrity
over excellence. On the other hand, a system
which encouraged the exercise of social or po
litical favoritism In promotions would be even
worse. But it would surely* be easy to devise
a method of promotion from grade to grade In
which the opinion of the higher officers of the
Mrvic* upon the candidates ehould be decisive
upon the standing and promotion of the latter.
Just such a system now obtains at West Point.
The quality of each year's work determines the
standing of that year's class, the man being
dropped or graduated Into the next class in the
relative position which his military superiors
decide to be warranted by his merit-
In -ether words, ability, energy, fidelity and
all other similar qualities determine the rank
of a man* year after year In West Point, and
his standing in the army when he graduates
from West Point: but from that time on all
effort to find which roan la best or worst, and
reward or punish him accordingly. Is aban
doned: no brilliancy, no amount of hard work,
no eagerness In the performance of duty, can
advance him. and no slackness or indifference
that falls short of a court-martial offense can
retard him. .Until this system is changed we
cannot hope that our officers will be of as high
grade as we have a right to expect, considering
the material upon which we draw. >Moreover,
when a man renders such service as Captain
Pershing rendered last spring in the Moro
campaign It ought to be possible to "reward
him without at once Jumping him to the grade
of brigadier general.
Shortly after the enunciation of that famous
principle of American foreign policy now known
as the "Monroe Doctrine." President Monroe,
in a special message to Congress on January 30.
1S24. spoke as follows: "The navy is the arm
from which our Government will always derive
most aid in support of our • • , " ; rights.
Every power, engaged in war will' know the
strength of our naval power, the number of our
Ehlps of each clafcs. ¦ their condition and the
promptitude with which we may bring them
Into service, and will pay due consideration to
that argument." •¦:-:¦¦. ¦ . - -,
Improvement Noted
in Army and Navy
.Maneuvers on Land and Sea
Add Greatly to the Expe
rience mid Skill qf the
, Defenders of the Nation
By the provisions of the treaty, th* United
States guarantees and will maintain tha inde
pendence of the republic cf Panama. There '.*
granted to the United Statw'ln parpetuUy the
use. occupation and control of a strip ten-aa"e»
wide and extending three rnntloal m!f«-> ir>: ¦
the sea at either terminal, with all landujyins;
outside cf the zone necessary for the eenstric
tlcn of th* canal nr for Its auxiliary work-t.
snd with the islands In the Ray of -P-mauia.
The cities rf Panama and Colon sr» not em
braced in the c*nal zone, but the - .Unltvl
States assume* their sanitation , an*l. in, c » •
of ceed. tbe maintenance of order. there* n;.th'»
United States enters within' the gfante-1- !'-ilt-»
all the rights, power and authority'' whU-n ft
would possess were It tbe soverelzn of. th* ter
ritory to the exclusion of the »xerc!s« rtf.jurr
erelgn rights by th» republic. All railway an>l
canal rr"P*rtr rights | belonging " to ' . P*p.an»-|
and needed fcr the canal pas* to< the. I'nltM
States, including any- property of th« !—»*««•¦
tlve companies In a the cities of -Panama »int
Colon: the works, 'property ami personnel ci
th" canal snd rs»i!w»v3 ap» e^eT*pt»>i from, ?ix
atfon as well in the citfr* »••* Pn^ma *uf.
Colon as In the canal zone "awl it? .1«?- s nJ- > p
cies. Free Immigration of th* p?r»onnet. - ec'l
Importation cf supplies fnr. the • construe i.ri
and operation of th» canal «r* granted. Vr"
viaton !» made for the ?is« of military *f«rrs
and the building of. fortiflcatior.» b* th» X'B.t
ed States for the nrinertlon of th-»'tran»l*. • -In
other details, particularly a* to the acquisition
of th« Interests of the New Panama. £an«l
Company and the Pananv* Railway" by *:t*i*
United States &nd th? condemnation nfprivat*
property for the u.«es of the cin.jl.th' tttvo'n
tions of the Hay-Hsrran treaty are clo*elv fal
lowed, while the coijpensatien to be jrlvnv fcr
these enlarged crams remains the same; hefns;
$10.000. Win payable on exchange cf ratl5-a*tion».
and. beginning nine r*ar* frnci ¦ that dat».-aj»
annual payment of S23O.«V> durtn* the nr» of
th* convention. THEODORE "KC032VEI.T.
¦ Whits Bouse. Dec 7. 1903.
Every effort has been made by the Govern
ment of the United States to persuade Colom
bia to follow a course which was essential.net
only to our interests and to the Interests c*"
tbe world, but to the interests of Colombia, it
self. These efforts have failed;. and Cdlomuta.
by her persistence In repulsing the adv&tca
that have oem made, haa forced us., fcr vh«
sake of our owa honor, .and of tbe interest .« .J
well being, not merely of our own peoplt. Ui;
of the people of the Isthmus of Panama. an.t
the people of th » civilized countries of. the
world, to take decisive stefs to bring to an
end a condition of affairs which had Become
Intolerable. The new republic of Panama Im
mediately offered to negotiate a treaty with u*.
This treaty I herewith submit. By it our In
terests are better safeguarded than "la ; ths
treaty with Colombia which was ratified by
the Senate at Its last session. Itls s bett«r la
tts terms than the treaties offered to ns by.th*
republics of Nicaragua, and Ctsta Riea. AS
last the right t > berin thl.-i great utulertakizjC
I* made available. Panama has dona t-.*r pare
All that remains Is for theAmerlcar Conirrfs*
to do Its part and forthwith this republic ".will
enter upon tha execution of a project colosaat
in Its tl2e and of well-nlgli Incalculable' pos
sibilities for the good of this country and tils
nations cf mankind.
Under such circumstaacea the Government
of the United States would ha,ve been rJiit*
of: fally and weakness, amounting In their suna
to a crime agair.st the nation, had it acted
otherwise than it did when the revolution of
November 3 last took place la Panama. Thia
great enterprise of building the tnteroe«anlu
canal cannot ba held \ip to gratify the whims,
or out of respect to ths governmental' impo
tence, or to the even more sinister and evil
political peculiarities, of people who, though
they dwell afar off. yet. aj&mst • the, wish vt
the actual dwellers on the isthmus, assert in
unreal supremacy over the territory. ,Th» poa
session of a territory fraught with such pecu
liar capacities as th« isthmus In qu-sttoo cu
ries with It obligations to irnnktml. 'ins
course of events has shown that this canal caa
not be built by private enterprise, or by any
other nation than cur own: Owrefore it Tust
be bt:llt by the United £tat;3. !
Great Enterprise Cannot Be
Thzvarted by Gratification
vf Whims or Out of Re
spect to Evil . Politics
Uncle Sam Holds
Right to a Canal
"The United States have taken and will
take no interest in any question of . Internal
revolution ;¦ In the state of Panama, ", or any
state of the United States of Colombia, but
will ' maintain a - perfect neutrality In . connec
tion with such domestic altercations. ; The
United States will, nevertheless, hold them
selves ready, to protect the transit trade across
the Isthmus against invaslbn o: either domestic
or foreign' disturbers of the peace cf the state
of Panama.' •;¦ • ¦" * Neither the text, nor the
spirit of ; the . stipulation in - that -• article by
which- the 'United. States engages to preserve
the ' neutrality of. the; isthmus of Panama'im
poses an obligation on this -¦ Government to
comply ;, with, the requisition" lof the President
of ; the united states of Colombia for a force
to protect the isthmus of Panama from a body
of insurgents "• of that countryj. • The * purpose
Seven years later. In 1S65, Mr. Seward; In
different communications took the following
position: ¦.-•¦.. ¦¦¦¦"..'¦.¦¦
"The progress of e\*ents has rendered the
intcroceanic route across the narrow 'portion
of Central America vastly important to the
commercial world and especially to the United
States, whose - possessions extend along the
Atlantic and . Pacific coasts, and demand the
speediest and easiest modes of communication
While the rights of sovereignty of the states
occupying this region should always be re
spected we shall expect that th«se rights be
exercised ; in a spirit befitting the occasion
and the wants and circumstances that have
arisen.. Sovereignty has its duties as well as
Its rights, and none of these local govern
ments, even if administered with mere regard
to the Just demands of other nations than they
have been, would be permitted. In a spirit of
Eastern isolation, to- close the gates of inter
course on the great highways of. the world
and .. Justify the act by the pretension that
these avenues - of trade and travel belong to
them and that they choose to shut them, or,
what Is almost equivalent, to encumber them
with such unjust relations as would prevent
their general use." i. .
A new republic, that of Panama, which was
at one time a severelsm state, and at another
time a mere department of the successive con
federations known as New Granada, and Co
lombia, has now succeeded to the rights which
first one and then the other formerly exer
cised over the isthmus. But 'as long as the
isthmus endures the mere geographical fact of
Its existence- and the peculiar interest therein
which Is required _ by our position Perpetuate
the solemn contract which binds the holders
of the territory to respect our right to free
dom of transit across It. and binds us In re
turn to . safeguard for the Isthmus and the
world the exercise of that inestimable privilege.
The true Interpretation of the obligations upon
which the United States entered in this treaty
of 1846 has been riven repeatedly In the ut
terances of Presidents and Secretaries of State
Secretary Cass in 1S5S officially stated the
position ot this Government as follows:
When the Congress directed that we should
take the Panama route under treaty with Co-
Icmbia the esicnce of the condition, of course
f e filT 5 ... 1101 to tn t Government which con
trolled that route, but to the route It«elf- to
the territory across which the route lay, not to
tly> name which for the moment the territory
bore on the map. The purpose of the law was
to authorize the President to make a treaty
with the powt-r in actual control of the Isthmus
of Panama. This purpose has been fulfilled
In the year 1846 this Government entered
into a treaty with New Granada, the pre
decessor upon the Isthmus of the republic of
Colombia and of the present republic of Pan
ama, by which treaty it was provided that
the Government and citizens of the United
States should always have free and open right
of way or transit across the isthmus of'Pan
ama by any modes of communication that
might be constructed, while in return our
Government guaranteed the perfect neutrality
of the above mentioned Isthmus with the view
that the free transit from the one to the
other eea might not be interrupted • or em
barrassed. The treaty vested In the United
States a substantial property right carved out
of the rights of sovereignty and property which
New Granada then had and possessed over
the said territory. The name of New Granada
has passed away and its territory has been
di\1de«i. • Its successor, the Gov.-rnment of
Colombia, has ceased to own any property
in the isthmus.'
By the act of June 2S. 1902. the Congress au
thorised the President to enter Into treaty with
Colombia fcr the building of the canal across
the Isthmus of Panama; it being provided that
in the event of failure to secure such tr-aty
after the lapse of a reasonable time, recourse
should be had to building a canal through Nica
ragua. It has not been necessary to consider
this alternative, as I am enabled to lay before
the Senats a treaty providing for the building
of *he canal across the Isthmus. of Panama.
This was the route which commended itself to
the deliberate Judgment of the Congress and
we can now acquire by treaty the right to con
struct the canal over this route. The question
now, therefore, is not by which route the isth
mian canal shall be built, for that question has
been definitely and irrevocably decided The
question Is simply whether or not we shall have
an Isthmian canal.
History of the Negotiations
for the Great Waterway
Which Culminated in Cre
ation of a Nezv Republic
Review of Efforts
for Isthmian Canal
anything in tequital for the services, thus re
peatedly rend*Ted to it for fifty-seven year*
by the United States, the Colombian Gov«n»
ment peremptorily and offensively refused ttiua
to do its part, aven though to do to would h*v»
been to Jia advantage and Immeasurably to
the advajr we of the State of Panama, at that
time under Us Jurisdiction; third, that through
out thia period revolutions, riots and factional
disturbances o' every kind have occurred cna
after the oth^r in almost uninterrupted sue
cesslon. some ot them lasting for months and
even for years, while the central government
was unable to put them down or to make peac%
with the rebels: fourth, that these dlsturcar.c««
instead cf showing any sign of abating have
tend«d to grow more numerous and more se
rious tn the Immediate past; fifth, that the
control of Colombia over tha Isthmus of Pan
ama could not be maintained without the
armed Intervention and assistance of th*
United States. In other werds.- the -Gotvera
ment of Colombia, though wholly unable tj
maintain order on the Isthmus, has neverthe
less declined to ratify a treaty the conclusion
of which opened the only chance to secure its
own stability and to guarantee permanent
peace on. and the construction of a canal
across, tie isthmus. • . . ,
In my last annual message the attention of
the Conrress was called to the necessity of
enlarging the safety-appliance law, and it is
rrstiiying to note that this law was amended
in important respects. With the increasing
railway mileage of the country, che greater
number of men employed and the use of
larger and heavier equipment the urgency for
renewed effort to prevent the los« of life and
limb upon the railroads of the country, par
ticularly -to employee, is apparent. For the
Inspection of water craft and the Hfe-savlnr
service upon the water 'the Congress has built
up an elaborate body of protective legislation
and a thorough method of inspection and is
annually spending large sums of money. It
is encouraring to observe ' that the Congress
Is alive to the interests of tho;y who are
employed upon cur wonderful arteries of com
merce — the railroads — who. so e&fely transport
millions of passenrers and billions of tons of
freight. The Federal Inspection of safety
appliances, for which ' the Conaress is now
making appropriations. Is a service analogous
to that wim-h the Government has upheld for
generations in regard to vescels, ami It is be
lieved will prove of great practical benefit,
both to railroad employes ana the traveling
public. A« the greater part of commerce is
Interstate ar.d exclusively under the control of
the Congress the needed safety and uniformity
niust b- secured by national legislation. .
No other class of our citizens deserves so
well of the nation as those to whom, the
nation owes Its very being, the veterans of
th« Civil War. Special attention is asked to
the excellent work of the Pension Bureau in
expediting and disposing of pension claim*.
During the fiscal year ending July L lflttl.
the bureau settled 231,082 claims, an average
of £25 claims fcr each working day of the
year. The number of settlements since July 1,
1063, has been in excess of :a?t jar's aver
age, approaching 1000 claims for each work
in* day. and It is believed that the work of
the bureau will be -cm-rent at the close of
the present fiscal year. ,
During tbe year ended . June 30 last 23,506
Of our Insular «x>eee»ions. the Philippines
and Pcrto Rico, it i« gratifying to eay that their
»teady progr»?i-» has be<»n euch as to make it un
necessary to eper.d much time in discussing
tr<ein. Yet the Congress should ever keep in
micd that a peculiar obligation rests upon us to
further in «-v»ry may the welfare of these com
munities. The Philippine* should be knit closer
to us by tariff arrangements. It would, of
eourse. be impossible ruJdenly to raise the peo
ple of the ialands to the h»gh pitch of indus
trial prosperity and ot governmental efficiency
to which they will in the end by degrees attain;
snd the caution and moderation shown in devel
oping them have been among the main reason*
v.'i-.y, this development has hitherto gone on to I
rmoothly. Scrupulous care has been taken in
the choice cf governmental agents and the en
tire elimination of partisan politics from the |
5 ublic service. The condition cf the Islanders j
is tr- material things far better than ever be
fore, while their governmental, intellectual and
rcoral advance hes kept pace with their mate
rial adiarce. No one people ever benefited an.
ether people more than we have benefited the
KlUplBoc by taking pwsessiou of the islands.
The cash receipts of the General Land Office
fcr the la*t fiscal year were $1L624,744 C3. an
increase cf $J,7<J2.S1G 47 over the preceding
paac* Of this mm. approximately. S8.4Cl.49-t
»ill mo to the credit of the fund for the recla
mation of arid land, making the total of this
fund, up to the 30th cf Jane, 1903, approximate
ly. $1«.191.83«.
A gratifying disposition has been evinced by
these savlas; unlawful inclosures of public land
to remove their fence*. Nearly two million
arm mo inclosed have been thrown open on de
rr.aad. In bat comparatively few cases has it
bren necessary to go Into court to accomplish
this purpose. Thle work will be vigorously
prosecuted ur.tll all unlawful inclorures have
seen removed.
Expert er.ee haa shown that in the Western
States themselves, es well as in the rest of the
country, there is widespread conviction that
certain of the public land laws end the result
:ag administrative practice no longer meet the
preset needs. The character and uses of the
: •-..-.¦-r..:.K public lands differ widely from those
of the public lanfls which Congress had espe
cially in view when these laws were passed.
The rapidly Increasing rate of disposal of the
put/lie lands is not followed by a corresponding
ir. create in home building. There is a tendency
to mass in large holdings public lands, espe
cially timber and grazing lands, and thereby to
retard settlement. I renew and emphasize my
• ¦ ¦ -jr.r.:' n'>t:> ¦:• cf last year that so far as
they are available for agriculture in its broad
r~\ sense, and to whatever extent they may be
r»clain?ed under the naticnal irrigation law. the
rrxnaittlxur pubiie lands should be held rigidly
for U»« home builder. The attention cf the
rnspwi is especially directed to the timber and
i •¦ :.> law, th# d^ert land law. and the com
mutation claue* of tbe homestead law. which
'n ta*>ir oners t ion have In many respects con
flicted with »i« public land policy.
The discussions in the Congress and elie
•n-her* b*v* mad* it evident that there is a
*•• <te divergence cf opinions between tfcose hold
s' k opfosit* «1f»i on thes* subjects^ and that"
the oppo*!r>g aides have strong and convinced
rf;>:#*«:tative« of welrht both within and wlth
• ue tb* Oomrres*: the difference* being not only
r* to matters of opinion, hut as to matters of
fact. In t>rder that definite Information may be
i"fcilable tor th* use of the Congr«"*». I have
rrroint^d a con-mission composed of W. A.
n'charJ*. Corwttiwioner cf the General Land
office: Glfford Pinchot. Chief of the Bureau cf
Fcrfeiry of th» Department of Agriculture, and
T. H. Newell. Chief Hydrojrrapfcer of the G«c-
I'jriral Survey, to report at the earliest prac
t;<able moment upon the condition, operation |
?T"i effect cf the present land laws and on the j
«•**. condition, disposal and *settlement of the |
public ianris. Th* commission will report e»rx— i
• i?Hy what changes in organization. Jaws, reg
¦JatMBja and pmctic* *flVctirx the public lands
are n*t«!n1 tc *f>ct th? largcrt practical dtspo
•lt'cn of the public lands to actual settlers who
wtn truild perTrar.'r.t hmre* pnon them. an<1 to I
Ferurp in permanence the fullest ard mo*t *f
fTtive us* of the resources of the public lands;
*n<1 It will make rarh other reports and re^om
rw«Aaliou« as Its study of tl>»s* question* may
»=tyge*1. ' Tb» «am m iwlon is tn leport immedi
ately epen those points concerning which it*
in^Crment is cl<-ar; en any point upon which it
ha« «5iubt it will taJc* »he Urn- . neewMry to
make investigation end reach a final Judgment.
The work of reclamation of the arid lands
r<f the West Is progressing steadily «nd ratis
f«K-toriIy undsr tbe terme of the law setting
»»i<?» tfc* proceeds from tb* disposal of public
lawls. Tbe corps of enrlneers known u thr
re-la siatlcii «r\'ice. which is conducting tht
surveys aad examinations, has been thoroughly
rTT.in!z«-<J. eer^a! p«ir.s being taken to «*cur*
under the civ M service rules a body of (killed.
Progress Is Rapid
in the Philippines
The Indian agents should not be dependent
fcr their appointment or tenure of office upon
onsiderations of partisan politics; the practice
of appointing, when possible, ex-army officers
or bonded superintendents to the vacancies
that occur is working well. Attention Is in
vited to the widespread illiteracy due to lack
of public schools In the Indian Territory
Prompt heed shoul<5 be paid to the need of
education for the children In this Territory
In granting patents to foreigners the proper
course for this country to follow is to give the
ean-.e advantages to foreigners here that the
countries In which these foreigners dwell ex
tend in return to cur citizens; that is, to ex
tend the benefits of our patent laws on Inven
tions and the like where in return the articles
would be patentable in the foreign countries
concerned — where an American would get a
corresponding patent fn such countries.
The cotton-growing States have recently
be-n Invadrd by a weevil that has done much
damage and threatens the entire cotton Indus
try. I suggest to the Congress the prompt en
actment of such remedial legislation as its
Judgment may approve.
The study of the opportunities of reclamation
of the vast extent of arid land shows that
whether this reclamation is done by individ
uals, corporations or the State, the sources
of water supply must be effectively protected
and the reservoirs guarded by»the preservation
of the forests at the headwaters of the streams.
The engineers making the preliminary exami
nations continually emphasize this need and
urge that the remaining public lands at the
headwaters of the important streams of th»
West be reserved to insure permanency of wa
ter supply for irrigation. Much progress in
forestry has been made during the past year.
The necessity for perpetuating our forest re
sources, whether in public or private hands. Is
recognized now as never before. The demand
for lorest reserves has become insistent in the
West, because the West must use the water,
wood and rummer range which only such re
serves can supply. Progressive lumbermen are
striving, through forestry, to give their busi
ness permanence. Other great business Inter
ests are awakening to the need of forest pres
ervation as a business matter. The Govern
ment's forest work should receive from the
Congress hearty support, and especially sup
port adequate for the protection of the forest
reserve* acainst fire. The forest-reserve policy
of the Government has passed beyond the ex
perimental staee and has reached a condition
where scientific methods are essential to Its
successful prosecution. The administrative
features of forest reserves are at present un
satisfactory, being divided between 'three bu
reaus of two departments. It is therefore rec
ommended that all matters pertaining to for
est reserve*, except thoee involving or pertain
ing to land titles, be consolidated In the Bu
reau of Forestry of the Department of Agri
culture.
¦ i tt-jug the measure* immediately required for
ihr ptwtactieo aaO preservation of the salmon
SrviuMry ha* already b**n submitted to the
h«-retary of Cotiiinerce and Labor lor his at
tention ati* for the needed action.
f jx-crr.irerd that on appropriation be made
tor buiidir* lifhtiious** in Hawaii and taking
poe« s *s:cri of those already built. The Terri- j
41 rj sh-TUiJ be reimbursed for whatever amounts
:t ha« already «xj>*nded fcr I!gfcthou«e«- The
Governor rliculd be «npower«d to suspend or
; ernwe ar>" official appointed by him, without
eubr»iu!r.g_th«: rr.atter to the Legislature.
Fjr 400 years, ever since shortly after the
discovery of this hemisphere, the canal across
the isthmus haa been planned. For two score
years it has been worked at. "When made It
Is to last for the ages. It is to alter the
geography of a continent and the trade route*
of the world,. We have shown by every treaty
we have negotiated or attempted to negotiate
with the peoples in contnrt of the Isthmus and
with foreign nations in reference thereto our
consistent stock! faith in observing our obliga
tions; on the one hand to the peoples of the
Isthmus, and on the other hand to the civilized
world whose commercial rights we are safe
guarding and guaranteeing by our action. We
have dene our duty to others in letter and in
spirit, and we have shown the utmost forbear
ance in exacting our own rights.
Last spring, under the act above referred
to. a treaty concluded between the representa
tives of the republic of Colombia and of our
Government was ratified by the Senate. This
treaty was entered into at the urgent solici
tation of the people of Colombia and after a
body of experts appointed by our Government
especially to go into the matter of the routes
across the Isthmus had pronounced unani
mously in favor of the Panama route. In
drawing up this treaty every concession was
made to the people and to the Government of
Colombia. We were more than Just in deal-
Ing with them. Our generosity was sucb. as
to make it a serious question whether we had
not gone too far In their interest at the ex
pense of our own; for In our scrupulous de
sire to pay all possible heed, not merely to
the real but even to the fancied rights of our
weaker neighbor, who already owed eo much
to our protection and forbearance, we yielded
in all possible ways to her desires In drawing
up the treaty. ' , *
Nevertheless the Government of Colombia
not merely repudiated the treaty, but repu
diated it tn euch manner as to make it evi
dent by the time the Colombian Congress ad
journed, that not the scantiest hope remained
of ever getting a satisfactory treaty from
them. The Government of Colombia made the
treaty and yet when the Colombian Congress
was called to ratify it the vote against rati
fication waa unanimous. It does not appear
that the Government made any real effort to
secure ratification. *'/-¦•
Immediately after the adjournment of the
Congress a revolution broke out in Panama.
The people of Panama had long been discon
tented with the republic of Colombia, and
1 they had been kept quiet only by the pros
> pect of the conclusion of the treaty, which
was to t>em a matter of vital concern, when
i it became evident that the treaty was hope
lessly lost the people of Panama rose llter
1 ally as one man. Not a shot was 'fired by a
single man on the isthmus in the Interest -of
the Colombian Government. Not a life was
lost in the accomplishment of the revolution.
Th*. Colombian troops stationed on the isth
mus who had long been unpaid, made common
cau«e with the people of Panama, and with
astonishing unanimity the new republic waa
started The duty or the United States in
the premises was clear. In strict accordance
with the principles laid down by Secretaries
Ca-« and Seward in the official documents
above quoted the United States gave notice
that It would" permit the landing of no »xpedl
ttonary force, the arrival of which would mean
chaos and destruction along the line of the
railroad and of the proposed canal, and an<
Interruption of transit as an Inevitable con
sequence. The de facto Government of Pana
ma was recognized in the following telegram
to Mr. Ehrman : ,_ ' *~ »,
"The people of Panama have, by apparently
unanimous movement. .dissolved their political
connection with the republic of Colombia, and
resumed their Ind-pendence. When you are sat- |
lsfled that a de facto government, republican in
form and without substantial opposition from
Its own ptople. ha« been established in the
State ot Panama, you wjll enter into relations
with it as the responsible government of the
territory and look to it fcr all due action to
protect "the persons and property of citizens of
the United States and . to keep open the isth
mian transit. In accordance with the obliga
tions cf existing treaties governing the rela
tions of the Uriited States to that territory."
The Government of Colombia was notified of
our. action by the following telegram to Mr.
Beaupre : "¦
Value to Nation
of Vast En
terprise.
Good Faith of the United
States Displayed in All Its
Relations Concerning the
Isthmian Canal Territory
Negotiations Bear
Stamp of Honesty
Record of Years
of Effort for
Treaty.
Uncle Sam First
in Claim for
Canal,
"Fiona this treaty It cannot be supposed
that New Granada Invited the United States
to become a party to the intestine troubles of
that Government, nor did the United States
become bound to take sides in the domestic
broils of New Granada. The United States
ditl guarantee . New Granada In the sover
eignty and property over the territory. This
was as against other and foreign govern
ments.
of the stipulation w^s to guarantee the isth
mus against seizure or Invasion by a foreign
power only."
Attorney General Speed, under date of No
vember 7. 1865. advised Secretary Seward ae
follows: ,
Jirid Lands Show
Benefits of In
rigation.
Chinese Treaty
Important to
Trade.
Praise of Work
Done at The
Hague.'
experienced an.l efficient men. Surveys and
examinations are progressing throughout the
arid States and Territories, plans for reclaim-
Ing works being prepared and passed upon by
boards of engineers before approval by the
Secretary of the Interior. In Arizona and Ne
vada, in localities where such work is pre-em
inently needed, construction has already been
begun. In other parts of the arid West va
rious projects are • well advanced toward the
drawing up of contracts, these being delayed
in part by necessities of reaching agreements
or understanding as regards rights of way or
acquisition of real estate. Meet of the works
contemplated for construction are of national
importance. involving interstate questions
or the securing of stable, self-supporting com
munities in the midst of vast tracts of vacant
land. The nation as a whole is, of course, the
gain»r by the creation of these homes, adding
as they do to the wealth and stability of the
country, and furnishing a home market for the
products of the East and South. The reclama
tion law. whil? perhaps not ideal, appears at
present to answer the larger needs for which
it is designed. Further legislation is not rec
ommended until the necessities of change are
more apparent.
Reclamation Work
Shows Good Result
Efforts Being Made Toward
Rendering the Great Arid
Tracts Suitable for Self-
Supporting Communities
It Is eminently desirable, however, that there
should be provided a naval general staff on
linen similar to those of the general staff lately
created for the army. Within the Navy Depart
ment itself the needs of the service have
brought about a system under which the duties
of a general staff are partially performed; for
the bureau of navigation ha* under Its direc
tion the war college, ihe office of naval Intelli
gence and the board of Inspection, and has
been in close touch with the general board of
the navy. But though under the excellent of
ficers at their head, these beards and bureaus
do good work, they have not tlie authority of
a general staff, and have not sufficient scope to
insure a proper readiness for emergencies. We
need the establishment by law of a body of
trained officers, who shall exercise a systematic
control of the military affairs of the navy and
be authorized advisers of the^lecretary concern
ing it.
cersof th«i navy are doing well their part by
providing constant service at sea under condi
tions aktn to those of actual warfare. Our of
ficers <>nd enlisted men are learning to handle
the battleships, cruisers and torpedo boats with
high efficiency in fleet and squadron forma
tions, and the standard o* marksmanship Is be
ing steadily raised. The best work ashore Is
Indispensable, but the highest duty of a naval
officer is to exercise command at sea.
The establishment of a naval base in the
Philippine* ought not to be longer postponed.
Such a base is desirable in time of peace; In
time of war it would be Indispensable, and Its
lack would be ruinous. Without it our fleet
would be helpless. Our naval experts are agreed
that Sublg Bay Is the proper place for the pur
pose. The national interests require- that the
work of fortification and development of a na
val station at £ublg Bay be begun at an early
date: for under the best conditions it is a work
which will consume much time.
' persons were appointed through competitive
examinations under the civil service rules.
This was J'i672 more than during the preced
ing year, and 40 per cent of those who passed
the examinations. This abnormal growth was
largely occasioned by the extension, of classifi
cation \o the rural free delivery service and
the appointment last year of over SJOOO rural
carriers. A revision of the civil service rules
took effect on April 15 last, which has greatly
Improved their operation. The completion of
the reform of the civil service is rccoenized
by good citizens e\'erywhere as a matter of
the highest public importance, ani the suc
cess of the merit system largely depends upon
the effectiveness of the "rules and the, ma
chinery provided for their enforcement. A
very gratifying spirit of friendly co-operation
exists in all the departments of the Govern
ment in the enforcement and unlicnn observ
ance of both the letter and spirit of the civil
service act. Kxeci'tive orders of July 3. 1902.;
March 2t>. 190:;. and July 8, 1303. require that
appointments of all unclassified lalx.rers. both
in the department? at "Washington and in the
field service, shall be made with the assistance
of the United States Civil Service Commission,
under a system of registration to test the
relative fitness of applicants for appointment
or employment. This system is competitive,
and is open to all citizens or tne United States
qualified in respect to age. physical ability,
moral character, industry, and adaptability for
manual labor: except that in case of veterans
of the Civil War the element of ajc* is omitted.
This system of appointment is dls-tinct from
the classified service and does not classify
positions of vmere laborer under the civil
service act and rules. Regulations in aid
thereor have been put In operation in several
of the departments and are being gradually
extended In other parts of the service. The
results have been very satisfactory, as ex
travagance has been checked by decreasing
the -number of unnecessary positions and by
Increasing the efficiency of the employes re
maining.
The Congress, as the result of a thorough
investigation of the charities and reformatory
institutions in the District of Columbia, by j»
Joint select committee of the two houses,
which made its report in March. 1698. created
In the act approved June 6, 1000. a board of
rharitles for the District of Columbia, to con
sist of five residents of the district, appointed
by the President of the United States, by acd
with the advice and consent of the Senate,
each for a term of three years, to serve without
compensation. President McKinley appointed
five memwho hart been active and prominent In
the public charities of Washington, all of
whom upon taking office July 1, 1900. resigned
from the different charities with which -they
had been connected. The members of the board
have been reappofnted In successive years. Th*
board serves under the Commissioners of the
LMstriet of Columbia. The board gave its first
year to a careful and Impartial study of tho '¦
special problems before it. and has continued ;
that study every year in the light of the best i
practice In public charities elsewhere. Its
recommendation* In Its annual reports to the
Congress through the Commissioners of the
District of Columbia "for the economical and
efficient administration of the charities and re
formatories of the District of Columbia," as
required by the act creating it, .have been
based upon the principles commended by the
Joint select committee of the Congress in its
report of March. 1S9S. and approved by the
best administrators of public charities, and
make for the desired systematization and Im
provement of the. affairs under its supervision.
They are worthy of favorable consideration by
the Congress. • .^^
The control, tn the Interest of the commerce
and traffic of the whole civilized world, of the
means of undisturbed transit across the Isth
mus of Panama has become of transcendent
Importance to the United States. We have re
peatedly exercised thia control by Intervening
in the course of domestic dissension, and by
protecting the territory from foreign invasion.
In 1!«33 Mr. Everett assured the Permian Min
ister that we should not hesitate to maintain
the neutrality of the Isthmus in the case of
war between Peru and Colombia. In 1 vM Col
ombia, which has always been vigilant to avail
itself of its privileges conferred by the treaty,
expressed its expectations that in the event *>f
war between 'Peru and Spain the United Stated
would carry Into effect the guaranty of neu
trality. There have been few administrations
of the State Department In which this treaty
has not. either by the one side or the other,
been used as a basis of more or less impor
tant demands. It was said by Mr. Fish in 1S71
that the Department of State had reason to
believe that an attack upon Colombian sover
eignty on the isthmus had. en several occa
sions, teen averted by warning from this Gov
ernment. -•, -In 1888. when Colombia wa3 under
the menace of hostilities from Italy in the Cer
rutl case. Mr. Bayard expressed the serious
concern that the United States could not but
feel that a European power should resort to
force against * a ' sister republic of this hemis
phere, 'as to the sovereign and uninterrupted
use of a !>art of whose territory we are guar
antors under the' Mlemn faith of a treaty.
The above recital of facts establishes beyond
question: First, that the United states has
for over half a century patiently and In gon-J
faith carried oct its obligations unde- 'he
treaty of 1S46; second, that when for th* tint
time it became possible for Colombia to do
"Knowing that revolution has already com
menced in Panama [an eminent Colombian]
says that If th« Government of the United
States will land troops to preserve Colombian
sovereignty, and the transit. If requested by
Colombian Charge d' Affaires, this Government
will, declare martial law; and. by virtue of
vested constitutional authority, when public or
der is disturbed, will approve by decree the
ratification of the- canal treaty a* signed; or.
If the Government of the - United States pre
fers, will call extra session of the Congress —
with new and friendly members — next May
to approve the treaty. [An eminent Colombian]
has the perfect confidence of Vice President,
he says, and if It became necessary will go
to the isthmus or send representative there to
adjust matters along above lines to the satis
faction of the people there."
This dispatch is noteworthy from two stand
points. Its oftTer of Immediately guaranteeing
the treaty to us Is In sharp contrast with the
positive and contemptuous refusal of the Con
gress which has just closed . Its sessions to
consider favorably such a treaty; it shows that
the Government which made the treaty really
had absolute control over the situation. But
did not choose to exercise this control. The
dispatch further calls ; on us> to restore order
and secure Colombian supremacy in the Isth
mus from which the Colombian povernment
has just by Its action decided to bar us by
preventing the construction of the canal.
July, li>02— Revolution.
The above is only a partial list of the revo
lution?, rebellions, insurrections, riots and
other outbreaks .that have occurred daring the
period tn question: yet they number fifty-three
for the City-seven years. It will be noted
that one of them lasted for nearly three years
before it was quelled; another for nearly a
year.. In short, the experience of over half,
a century bas shown Colombia to be utterly
incapable of keeping order on the Isthmus.
Only the active interference of the United
Stales has enabled her to preserve so much
as a semblance of sovereignty. Had it not
been fear the exercise by the United States of
the police power In her' Interest, her connec
tion with the isthmus would have been sun
dered long ago. In 1S56. in 1860. 1873. in 1S»5.
in 1901. and again in -1902. sailors and ma
rines from United States war ships were forced
to land in order to patrol the isthmus, to pro
tect life and property, and to s«e that the tran
sit across the isthmus was kept r.pea. In IStil.
in 1S«C In 1SS5. and in 1900. the Colombian
Government asked that the United States Gov
ernment would land troops | to .protect its In
terests and maintain order on the isthmus.
Perhaps the most extraordinary request is that
which has just been received and which runs
as follows:
j constant state of flux. The following is a par
' tial list of the disturbances on the Isthmus of
Panama during the perlgd In question as re
ported to us by our Consuls. It is not possible
to give a complete list, and some of the reports
that speak of "revolutions" roust mean unsuc
cessful revolutions:
May 22. 1.S5O — Outbreak: two Americans
killed. War vessel demanded to quell outbreak.
October, l£5O — Revolutionary plot to bring
about independence of the isthmus.
July 22. 1S31— Revolution in four southern
provinces. .
November 14. 1531 — Outbreak at Chagres.
Man-of-war requested for Chagres.
June 27. 1833 — Insurrection at Bogota, and
conjpquent disturbance on Isthmus. War ves
sel demanded.
May 2::, 1S34— Political disturbances; war
vessel requested.
June 2S. lsM — Attempted revolution.
October 24. 1S54 — Independence of Isthmus
deir.-itvled by Provincial Legislature.
April, 1S56 — Riot, and massacre of Ameri
cans.
May 4. 1856— Riot.
May 18. 185&-Rlot.
June 3, 1S56— Riot.
October 2. 1S56 — Conflict between two native
parties. United States forces landed.
December is, 1S58 — Attempted secession of
Panama.
April. 1850— Riots.
September, 1S»JO — Outbreak
October 4, iSCO— Landing of United States
forces in cons-quence.
May 23. 1SC1— Intervention of the United
States forces required by intendente.
October 2, IS61— Insurrection and civil war.
April 4, 1SC2 — Measures to prevent rebels
crossing Isthmus.
June 13. 1S(52 — Mosquera's troops refused ad
mittance to Panama.
March, 1S«3 — Revolution, and United States
troops landed.
August. 1SC5— Riots; unsuccessful attempt to
Invade Panama.
March, 1866 — Unsuccessful revolution.
April, 1S6" — Attempt to overthrow govera
ment.
August. 1S87 — Attempt at revolution.
July 3. 1S«8 — Revolution; provisional govern
ment inaugurated. , >
August 2U. 1SCS — Revolution; provisional gov
ernment overthrown.
April, 1871 — Revolution; fcJlo^d apparently
by counter revolution.
April, 1873 — Revolution and civil war which
lasted to October. 1S75.
August. 1S7B — Civil war which lasted until
April. 1S77.
July. 1H7S— Rebellion.
December. 1878 — Revolt.
April, 1S7S>— Revolution.
June, 1S79 — Revolution.
March. 1SS5— Riot.
May, 1883 — Riot.
June. 1SS4 — Revolutionary attempt. *
December, 18S1 — Revolutionary attempt. • .^>
January. 1883 — Revolutionary disturbances.
March. 18S3 — Revolution.
April. Ih*7 — Disturbance en Panama Railroad.
November, 1SS7— Oirturbance on line of ca
nal.
January. 1859 — Riot.
January, 1S05— Revolution which lasted until
April.
March. 1805 — Incendiary attempt.
. October. 1S99 — Revolution.
February, 19C0. to July, 1000 — Revolution.
January. 1901 — Revolution.
July, lttol — Revolutionary disturbances.
"^ September^ 1001— City of - Colon taken by
rebels.
March, 1902 — Revolutionary disturbances).
THE" SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER S, 1 903.
C/n>/ Executive Urges Con
gress to See to It That the
Islands Are Brought in
Closer Affiliation
7
"THE CANAL MUST BE
BUILT BY THE
UNITED STATES"after thus blocking further immediate
attack on his part, get out of reach
and on guard In the easiest possible
manner.
A more frequent clinch oecur3 when
one or both rr.en are rushing, -when
they set tangled in a mix-up or when
each, is afraid to Etep back for fear of
receiving a blow while doins: soV As
a natural result the man thus hard
pressed throws his arras about his ad
versary in such a way as to preclude
punishment. The left arm holds his
opponent's right arm pinioned, and hts
right arm or hand forces back the oth
er's left- The face should be close to
the antagonist's body in order to avoid
a short arm blow In case one of the
pinioned arms should be wrenched free.
In cllnchins never yield to the temp
tation to "hold" your opponent. In
ether words, don't grip him v/ith either
hand. That is not allowed. When you
place your hands on his biceps do bo
without contracting the fingers." Never
be guilty of the unfairness of holdins
him with one hand while hitting him
with the other. I have seen boxers do
this unconsciously. It is a foul, and
the man Srho does it should lose the
decision. In like manner never catch
READERS of Monday morning's paper must have
been struck that the ladies held the center of the
stage, gun in hand.
'It began y with ; an Iowa lady, living/ in Des
Moines, with the florid and quite florid name of
Klinkenbiel. Old Klinkenbiel clinked the cannican too
much, was sent to the inebriate asylum and madam
detached herself from his name by divorce. Escaping,
he attacked her at the midnight hour. Whereupon, "gun,
iii hand, she elected herself to the police force, arrested
him as an escape from lawful durance, and marched
to the police station; oh the road he resisted, and she
promptly shot him for resisting,' an. officer. Under;the
law, any one can arrest a person found* committing a
criminal act, and the party making the arrest has all
the rights of an officer. Therefore, Mr. Klinken, and the
rest of it, must take his leaden medicine. His Spartan
ex-wife said that she would have killed, him. in the path
of duty if it had been necessary to bring him in/
The next lady before the footlights and shooting was
one who lacked the training in war that is acquired -in
matrimony. She is Miss Roxburg, a telegraph operator
in a railroad signal tower at Thacker, in West"? Virginia:
An outlaw in" that, interesting region climbed . into- the
tower on felonious purpose bent, and she perforated him
SECOND CLINCH
THE LADY AND THE GUN.
By an emphatic decree of the highest British tribunal
women are barred from practicing as attorneys in English
courts. It is becoming more evident every day that our
British cousins are studying our affairs so critically and
sympathetically that they imitate not one of our glaring
vices. If we cannot show them what to do it at least
gratifying that we can point out to them what not to do.
Stiffen you' arms as you do so, hold
ing him back, and by keeping his bi
ceps by his sides prevent him from
leading. Then f rce him backward un
til you are in a portion where you can
sidestep or jump out of reach, or else.
Throw forward both your arms,
with gloves held open. Place the palm
of each hand on his biceps <right
hand on his left bleeps, left hand on
his rigrht biceps) as low down toward
the elbow joint as posy-ibl/*?. Do not
grip him with your lingers in doing
this, but simply Set your thumb ;md
fingers go around his biceps in the
same gesture your fingers would em
ploy in picking up some object as
large around as his arm.
r.ent in such a way as to prevent him
from using his arms."
. The first of the list is the simple
arm clinch. Let us suppose your up
ponent is attacking. He is close to
you and has you "smothered" <in
such a position that you cannot ef
fectively lead or parry). You are too
near a wall to jump back out of reach
and too close to your opponent to be
sure of making an effective side step.
FIUST CLINCH
The best definition of a clinch, per
haps, if "The act of seizing an oppo-
"Clinch'' iu Boxing.
BY ALBERT PAYSOX THRHt'KE.
(Athletic Expert New York Evening World,
Author of "Muscla Building," etc.)
'Copyright. 3903. by Joseph B. Bowles.)
You remember the old catch ques
tion. "What would happen if an irre
sistible force should collide with an
immovable body?"
Some one has answered, "There
xiould be nothing left to happen."
But in boxing the answer is, "A
clinch."
The clinch "comes in handy" in
many different boxing crises. If two
men get into a mix-up and are at such
close quarters that one or both can
not get out of reach to avoid punish
ment they run into a clinch.
If a man is hard pressed, cornered
or dazed, he saves himself by clinch
ing. If a boxer overreaches or fails
to land his blow and is carried on by
his own impetus he clinches.
These are but a few of the count
less times that a clinch is useful.
Practice and intuition will 5n time
teach you to employ It.
The Gould system has been greatly
enlarged during the last' few years, and
George J. Gould has plans under way
which will give him . an Independent
line from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
E. H. Harriman is at the head of one
of the largest railroad combinations yet
formed. A few years ago he was only
.known in Wall street as a minority
stockholder In the Erie. Turning his
attention westward. Mr. Harriman
first obtained control of the Chicago and
Alton Railroad and the Kansas City and
Southern. He secured a dominating In
fluence in the Illinois Central and soon
afterward took full .control of the Union
Pacific arid the Oregon Short Line. The
subsequent purchase of, the Southern
Pacific by the Union Pacific gave Mr.
Harriman control of 22,302 miles of line
with an aggregate capital stock of
$677,100,000.
The Pennsylvania bought the Long
Island Railroad and the Western New
York and Pennsylvania and secured a
dominating influence in the Norfolk
and Western and the Baltimore and
Ohio. Mr. Morgan, besides his large In
terests with the Vanderbllts. obtained
control of the Erie, the Lehigh Valley,
the Chicago, Indianapolis and St. Louis
and two or three other roads. Including
the Great Southern Railway system,
which absorbed the Mobile ana Ohio.
Thus three men became the controlling
force of all of the principal railroads In
the East. These roads are comprised In
the Interstate Commerce Commission's
first four groups, which operate 103,470
miles of line, more than half of the
entire railroad mileage In the country.
The aggregate capital stock of the rail
roads In these four groups was on June
30. 1901, $2,518,110,159. and In that year
these roads paid 1303,093,019 to em
ployes. *r
Mr. Morgan's activities also extend
west of Chicago. He reorganized the
Northern " Pacific and with James J.
Hill formed the great northwestern
railroad combination. Including the
Northern Pacific, Great Northern and
the Chicago, Burlington and Qulncy.
These roads are a part of the Inter
state Commerce groups six, seven and
ten. They represent an aggregate cap
italization of about $600,000,000 and in
clude 19.420 miles of line.
It was the Pennsylvania Railroad
Company's -'-esident. A. J. Cassatt, by
the way. who first took up, with W.
K. Vanderbilt and J. Pierpont Morgan,
the auestion of community of interest
among the railroads. When the United
States Supreme Court declared all rail
way traffic agreements to be illegal
these three men undertook to bring all
of the trunk lines operating 1 between
Chicago and the Atlantic seaboard into
harmonious relationship in order to pre
vent rate cutting and secure economies
in operating expenses. It was mutually
agreed that the Pennsvlvanla Railroad
and the Vanderbilt-Morgan interest
should dominate the Eastern railroad
situation. Jointly they purchased con
trol of the Chesapeake and Ohio 'and
the Readins and Jersey Central rail
roads. W. K. Vanderbilt merged the
Lake Shore, the Michigan Central, the
Canada Southern./ the Lake Erie and
Western, the West Shore and the Bos
ton and Albany into the New York Cen
tral system. Control of the Cleveland.
Cincinnati. Chicago' and S{. Louis and
the New York. Chicago and St. Louis
railroads was al?o vested in the New
York Central. Mr. Vanderbilt further
more bought a larqre interest in the
Lackawanna system.
Less than a dozen men now practi
cally control all of this railroad mile
ape. Twenty years ago nearly every
railroad of importance h..d a different
set of owners, and the controlling In
terests were in most cases antagonistic
because of the sham competition for
traffic. Concentration of control finally
became a necessary means of self-pro
tecticm. After more than one-half of
the largest railroad companies in the
country had, passed through insolvency
a few men took up the problem of rail
road preservation. Much progress has
been made' hi the way of consolidation
and combination, and the lines of con
trol are being drawn more closely each
year. It is interesting to note, how
over, that while the control of railroad
properties has passed into the hands
of a very few, the ownership of rail
way shares is steadily becoming more
nidely diffused. Almost every railroad
company reports this year an increase
in the number of its stockholders.
* • •
The Interstate Commerce Commis
sion recognizes the propriety and ex
pediency of grouping the railroads in
presenting its annual reports of the ex
tent and results of railroad operations
in this country. These groups, which
are ten in number, bear no relation to
the question of ownership. They are
entirely geographical. The first takes
in all of New England; the second,
New York and Pennsylvania; the
third, Indiana, Ohio and Southern
Michigan: the fourth, West Virginia,
A'irginia and the Carolinas; the fifth,
Kentucky. Tennessee, Mississippi, Ala
bama, Georgia and Florida; the sixth,
Wisconsin, Northern Michigan, Illi
nois, Iowa, Minnesota and part of both
Dakotas; the seventh, Montana,
Wyoming. Nebraska, part of the Da
kotas and part of Colorado; the
eighth. Colorado, Kansas, Missouri,
Oklahoma, Indian Territory and
Arkansas; the ninth, Texas, Louisiana
and part of New Mexico; the tenth,
Jill of the Pacific Coast States, with
Idaho, Utah, Arizona and part of New
Mexico. In the fiscal year ended June
30. 1901, there were 1015 operating
railroad companies in this country,
embracing nearly 196,000 miles of
line. ,-
jail the railroads in the United States
he would be able to save half the cost
of operating them and pay the stock
holders 50 per cent more in profits.
After a recent trip of inspection
over the extensive railroad properties
controlled by his family, George J.
Gould remarked to a newspaper re
porter that the tendency of the times
was toward concentration of the con
trol of transportation facilities. Geo
graphical conditions, convenience in
operation and the necesity for eco
nomics all require that the different
railroad systems shall be brought into
harmonious relationship. While this
may mean larger profits to the capital
ists who engage in great projects, It
also affords greater protection against
adverse circumstances, which for
many years prevented the stockhold
ers of many railroads from getting any
profits at all. Collis P. Huntington
said a few years before his death that
if he could have the management of
(Former Railroad Editor New York Times and
New York Sun.)
(Copyright. 15RU, by Joseph B. Bowles.)
BY EARL. D. BERRY.
About Railroads.
It,* is cause for congratulation that the speculative
fluctuations in securities, with all the loss by shrinkage
that has occurred since midsummer, have had no percepti
ble effect upon the soundness of the banks. This is due
to official supervision and proper business caution, which
have joined to cause the banks to margin all loans on
collateral so widely that even the enormous shrinkage
that has overtaken good collateral and bad has not im
paired that kind of security. •
Seed time has its currency needs as well as harvest,
but we hear less of them. Thcy ( jp/ess hard upon the
planter, however, in the rate of interest he has to pay
remote from the money centers. That rate decreases his
profits and is the means of multiplying mortgages. ' If
a proper asset currency were permitted, he would be
able to make such economical use of his credit on short
loans as to avoid the mortgage, which once placed is
apt to stay for a long time and to become, in hard times,
the sad means of losing his. estate. Congress and the
financiers need to learn that the grower of crops and
live stock is a part of the whole business body. He is
a business man, and has exactly the same right of access
to the loan fund of the country as the manufacturer, the
merchant and any other class of business" men.
The Comptroller's report shows that loans and dis
counts reached their highest, in the experience of the
banks, in the first half of September, when they amounted
to $3,481,446,772. At the same time the. deposits were
$3,863,512,112 and the reserve was $850,762,184. In the
financial history of the country we have never before
had a banking system that exhibited so much essential
service to the people, with as little loss and risk. It
shows expert and honest management of the loan fund
and if, with equal safety, the element of flexibility is
added to it, securing more equal distribution and cheap
ness in the use of individual credit, the system would be
as perfect as banking facilities can be made 1 .
THE annual report of Mr. Ridgeley, Comptroller of
the Currency, is of interest far outside banking
circles. The season of moving crops is now ad
vanced into its last stages, and business men have
noticed that its. work has been accomplished without the
usual extreme disturbance of currency conditions., For
the. first time in a great many years the Secretary of the
Treasury has not been called to take any extraordinary
measures to prevent a currency stringency, and perhaps
a panic, in order to move the crops to market without
imperiling other business.
The cause is probably found in the Comptroller's re
port. It shows that during»the past year the number of
national banks increased by 441, with a net increase of
$196,501,053 in resources. This is due to the liberal pro
visions of the amended law, permitting banks to organize
with a less sum of individual capital. But this does not
tell the whole story. ,It is completed by the farther
showing that national bank currency in September last
reached the highest point in its history, being then
$421,222,489, or 55 per cent of the maximum that might
have been issued. This shows a possible currency from
that source of about eight hundred millions, and we are
warranted in believing that the amount issued sufficed
for the currency needs of the country, or it would have
been increased.
The Treasury, omitting its usual extraordinary aid,
adopted the policy of encouraging the organization of
new banks and inducing an increase in their issues. But
it is also pointed out that activity in the organization of
new banks caused such a demand for bonds, as the basis
of their circulation, as to advance the premium and, be
ginning late in September, there was a palpable move
ment in the other direction by the deposit of currency
to redeem bonds, in order to take advantage of the
higher premium.
This is the defect of the system. It is exactly the
defect that causes such propositions as are embodied in
the Shafroth bill, which we have "already noticed. It
makes the volume of currency depend, not upon 'the
needs of the country, but upon the premium on bonds.
The Shafroth proposition, in its main feature, is not
new, since it was proposed long ago to issue a bond, as
security for bank circulation, fixed at such a rate of
interest as would hold it at par, but prevent a premium.
With such a bond deposited to secure circulation the
banks would have to look for profit upon the use of
their maximum amount of currency, and not to the fluctu
ating premium upon their bonds.
The Comptroller admits the necessity for, greater
flexibility in our currency, and renews his recommenda
tion tfiat it be met by permitting 'the banks to cniit
currency above the amount covered by their bonds, that
is to sajvupon other valid assets. This system has»the
advantage of having been tried by long experience in
the Scotch and Canadian banks. If kept under stern
official supervision and within proper limitations, it
would solve the problem 1 in a particular in which it is '
not solved, even by the favorable conditions that cased
the moving of this season's crops. .
your sparring partner's glove between
your arm and your body when he leads,
nor hold it there while' you hit with
your other hand. This is sometimes
done in the excitement of a mix-up, but
there Is no- excuse for it. ,That sort of
work, when done intentionally, stamps
its perpetrator as a man not worthy a
"square" boxer's notice.
THE COMPTROLLER'S REPORT.
* Special Information supplied dally to
business bouses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). BO C*U
lornia street. Telephone Mala 1041 •
Townsend'a California glace fruits and
candles, 50c a^ pound, in artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bld« •
Cuba started with a demand for $10,000,000 with which
to; pay pensions to Jier army of "liberators," civil and
military. She no\v wants $75,000,000. TheCubans evi
dently share the opinion of the rest of us.' Their liberty
"was/very much' more of an expensive luxury than a ne
cessity. . • . ' , .
Senator McCreary of Kentucky is an
authority on historical incidents of
the Mexican > war, of which he has
been an interested student. Here is
a tribute to the courage of Jefferson
Davis he is fond of relating-, says the
Baltimore Sun:
*- "It: was during the -Mexican war,"
.he said. ."As you know, Jefferson Da
vis had previously eloped with the
daughter of Taylor, who was then In
command on the Texan border and
Jeff Davis' Wooing.
No charge for lettering your name In
gold on pocketbooks. card cases, cameras,
traveling sets, trunks, valises, dress suit
cases or any other fine leather goods pur
chased at our store. , Sanborn. Vail & Co •
The International Socialist Bureau at Brussels/rising to
its hind legs, has issued its. ultimatum to the United
States. We must stop lynching in this country.-- Perhaps
we might be materiallyassisted in the matter .if the Brussels
bureau come over and take a hand in the game. We have
been harassed by, an unnecessary sameness of subjects.
MINTS— J. P.. Los Angeles. Cal. The
only active mints at this time are the
parent mint at Philadelphia, the one
at San Francisco and the one at New
Orleans. What were formerly mints in
Denver. Colo., and Carson City. New.
are -now only United States assay of
fices.
There is now in a Pennsylvania jail under sentence 6f
death a man who < has confessed to the commission of
eighteen murders. What a pity it is that he can be pun
ished for only one of them. In such instances, as this so
ciety should have- laws; flexible enough to provide a
scheme of vengeance commensurate with the crime.
Let those living in California praise
God dally upon shawms and lutes for
the blessings that are ours. Read this
and be convinced:
"The coldest place on earth Inhabited
by man is Verkhoyansk, above the Arc
tie Circle, in Northeastern Siberia. The
thermometer there drops to 90 degrees
below zero in "January, but sometimes
rises to 86 degrees above zero In the
shade « in July, dropping, however, to
the freezing point on the warmest sum
mer nights.. The hottest place in the
world is In the interior of the Great Sa
hara.Desert tn Africa, "where the ther
mometer rises to 122 degrees. The wet
test place Is Greytown, Nicaragua,
where the mean annual rainfall is 260
inches. The place of least rain Is Port
Nolloth, In * South . Africa, where less
than an Inch sometimes falls in a year."
Extremes.
SULLIVAN AND SLADE — Sub
scriber, City. The record of John L.
Sullivan from 1878 to 1896 shows that
he met Herbert A. Slade. the Maori, in
New York, August 6, 1883, and de
feated him In three rounds.
FOUCAULT'S PENDULUM- E. J.
D.. City. What is known as Fou
cault's pendulum, named for Jean
Bernard Leon Foucault, is an instru
ment for rendering visible the diurnal
motion of the earth.
¦ ¦¦' An Eastern critic, cynical in mood, is of the opinion
that a Christian minister, to be successful, must be blonde
and blue-eyed, with peach-like complexion and hair
parted in the middle. This observer seems to be par
ticularly unkind in his conclusions. We know of nothing
in the field of ministerial success that bars brunettesi
DISTRICT ATTORNEY— W., Au
burn. CaL A District Attorney Is not
expected to give legal advice, outside of
that which comes in the line of duty
of his office, free to all who seek his
legal opinion.
Three San Francisco youths, bibulously inclined, stabbed
a grocer the other day because he refused to give them
gratis a supply of beer. It would be a crime' against so
ciety to interrupt the manifest destiny of these young
men. They belong in a penitentiary to supply literature
for "and inspire the endeavor of the home missionary
societies. .
"SPIKE" SULLIVAN— B.. City. Th»
first fight of William J. Sullivan, other
wise "Spike" Sullivan, was with Dan
Kelly with bare knuckles at Klnsale.
Ireland, February 7, 1891. He knocked
out his opponent In nine rounds.
'Anszvers to Queries.
The War Department is pleased, to announce, that
Jolo, that glorious possibility of our South Sea dominion,
is once more happily peaceful. , It may not be amiss to
observe in connection with this announcement that four
hundred more Moros were killed just before the War
Department again "pointed with pride." Dead Moros
seem to make peaceable subjects of the republic.
"Brothers, brothers, the earth was dark;
Brothers, brothers, the world Is fair
But we I struggled on and we gained a
; crown
Which each of us may wear."
— Elmer B. Mason, in The Reader.
"Brothers, brothers, I'm fair and
strong — •
Brothers, brothers, I'm crowned with
gold,"
Whispers the wheat with its task com
plete.
And the tale of Its labors told.
"Brothers, brothers, 'tis dark down
here —
Brothers, brothers*. O feel the sun.".
Whispers the wheat beneath our feet,
In the glow of life begun.
"Brothers, brothers, the light Is good —
Brothers, brothers, my sap runs
strong."
Murmurs each blade by the warm wind
swayed.
In an endless whispering song.
The Wheat Song.
An enthusiastic member of the
White Ribbon Band of Hope presents
the following interesting statistics:
"In Tenenssee on September 1 there
were eighty-four 'dry* counties and
but twelve, in which, liquor could be
sold. In Arkansas seventy-five coun
ties are 'dry' and forty-three "wet";
in Georgia the proportion Is 137 to
103: in Mississippi, sixty-five to ten.
In ten Southern States the voters have
the opportunity to cast their ballot*
against licensing the manufacture or
sale of liquors and in one — South Car
olina — it is a State monopoly. That
the South is fast becoming prohibi
tionist Is attributed to the suppression
of the negro vote."
"Dry" Toivns in South.
A crank called at the White House a few" days since
and asked the privilege of trying to hypnotize President
Roosevelt. Some member of the society for the encour
agement of the feeble-minded should soothe the poor
fellow's addled pate. An army of cranks, inspired by
partisan fervor, have attempted and failed to do what he
wants to try.
Fifteen armed, bellicose, belligerent and odorous mem
bers of the Mafia were arrested a few days ago in Phila- 1
delphia. Nothing has since occurred to prove to the au
thorities that the precious fifteen ever contemplated the
use of any weapons of war more formidable to society
than a string of vile tongues. The Mafia's only visible ex
cuse for existence is to, furnish a theme for comic opera.
When fades the glow from sunset skies.
And darkness comes apace,
With eyes half weary of the light.
Dreaming, again I see thy face.
Calm with the peace of tnos$ that see
Through all life's transclent mockery
The vastness of eternity.
—Everybody's Magazine.
A Memory.
Shorthand writers should be Inter
ested in the recent discovery of a
papyrus which throws some light on
the state of stenography In Egypt in
the third century. The document found
is a contract between a shorthand
school and a man who wished one of
his slaves to acquire the art. The fee
was 120 drachmae, 40 down, 40 at the
end of a year and the balance on
"graduation." How long the course
lasted la not stated, but evidently the
art of the stenographer was not an
easy one, and It was practiced chiefly
by slaves.
Egyptian Shorthand.
"Why. just to show you that a little
pleasantry is good at such times, I'll tell
you a little incident that happened here
some weeks ago. A woman consider
ably over 35 years of age came In here
and asked for a license. She was ac
companied by a good looking man, con
siderably her junior, and I could see at
a glance that he was the man of her
choice, though he took no part in the
proceedings. In my most pleasant
manner I asked her her . name and
the name of the prospective groom and
the other usual questions. Then I asked
his age, and she gave it to me as 27.
'And your own?' I said to her.
" 'The same,* was her reply.
" 'Well, well,* I said gallantly, 'you
do not look it."
"With that I handed her the com
pleted license and the pair went out.
Five minutes after the young man re
turned, called me over to the end of
the room and, slipping a $5 bill in my
hand,, said in a whisper, 'She told me
to give you this.* ".
"It pays to be pleasant," said Cupid
Danforth a few days ago during a lull
in the marriage license business. "A
kind word and a cheerful smile to a
man or woman about to launch their
craft upon the sea of matrimony sort
of puts them at their ease and makes
the task of getting a license — a dread
ed task to most of them — a simple
matter. Some people call my pleasant
remarks 'hot air.' Well, may be they
are, but they are appreciated just the
same.
"A Diplomatic Cupids
People who have been caught short
of sauerkraut are naturally hastening
to cover, and there is really no telling
how high the bulls will send it before
being satisfied. Philadelphlans have
been pretty hard hit by the slumps in
steel and Pennsylvania railway stocks,
and it is barely possible that they will
try to get even on sauerkraut. If they
do the man who has a barrel or two
of sauerkraut in his cellar now may be
able to purchase himself a titled son
in-law by next spring.
Important news comes from Phila
delphia to the effect that there is a
strong bull movement in sauerkraut.
The sauerkraut bears are on the run,
and December sauerkraut is now quo
ted in Philadelphia, the sauerkraut
center of the country, at $20 a ton, hav
ing rapidly gone up from $6. This
sudden soaring of sauerkraut doesn't
appear to be the result of a corner. It
is. according to direct Information from
the sauerkraut exchange, due to a
scarcity of raw material. One of the
sauerkraut bulls in an interview with
a Philadelphia Press reporter said:
"Cabbage has become extremely
scarce and the best stock has ad
vanced In a short time more than 300
per cent, and as a consequence the
sauerkraut market, which has here
tofore been dull and featureless on ac
count of the mild and open weather,
is becoming unusually firm, and West
ern sauerkraut by the barrel In car lots
is going up in price, with a prospect
of. very high values when the demand
Is good."
"Hard luck, wasn't it." quoth the
policeman as he reported the case at
headquarters.
"Quick, officer, come with me."
Following his guide, Mulgrew, with
pistol at hand, headed up the long
stairway to the top floor of a lodging
house. Into a room rushed the dis
heveled guide, the policeman right be
hind. S
"There!" almost" screamed the man.
pointing to a bed. Mulgrew ' looked
"there" and he saw a mite of a feebly
wailing babe.
"What's all this?" queried the po
liceman.
"Listen," commanded the man. "I am
just out of a hospital. For three
nights my wife has been gone all night
at her home, leaving me this baby to
care for. The little one is only 2
months old. I cannot give the infant
necessary attention. For God's sake,
officer, help me!" pleaded the unhappy
man. "My wife is gone and I am
helpless. That's why I blew the
whistle. I didn't know which way to
turn."
"Br-r-r-r-r-r-r," sharply shrilled
through the foggy gloom, startling Po
liceman Jim Mulgrew out of his early
morning reverie as he plowed through
the lonesome street. Responding to
the call the bluecoat ran upon an ex
cited young man. • Stammering, ne
cried:
All For a Baby.
Bulling Sauerkraut.
As we have ceaselessly insisted, the producer cannot
with safety to himself be longer content to only pro
duce, and • then surrender, all control of his property to
others and take what they choose to give him. He
must study the commerce in his property and be a mer
chant. We have the best and most intelligent fruit pro
ducers in- the world. In all matters relating to orchard
and vineyard they are equipped with skill and scientific
knowledge. It should be easy to go one step further
and be as skillful in commerce. They know all about the
insect and fungus enemies of tree and vine, the. different
systems of pruning and packing and shipping. But when
all this knowledge is applied the destructiveness of bug
and fungi is as nothing to that wrought by the parties
who take charge of the fruit. Surely the revelations
made in the examination of the affairs of the Porter
Bros. Company should spur every producer to activity
and move them all to meet the jobbers half way. "
The avowed purpose of President Francis to investi
gate here suggests, as a natural thing, that there be made
at once a Producers' Association that covers the whole
State, and affiliates every grower, with facilities for
knowing correctly the condition of the crop at various
stages in its growth, and able to estimate the output of
every section as correctly, approximately, as the crops
of wheat, corn and^ cotton are estimable. Such an asso
ciation can be in immediate touch with the jobbers, the
distributers, whose business it will be to know, approxi
mately, the demand in every Eastern locality. Then,
equipped with such knowledge of the supply; and the
demand, the two associations will have the material
upon which to base judgment as to prices.
About this there is no need of sorcery or conjuring.
It is easily within the reach of grower and distributer.
When reached it may not eliminate the wholesaler, but
it will put .1 curb upon his rapacity, and check him in
the use of methods which have heretofore injured both
producer and consumer. \ •
THE Eastern fruit jobbers, the actual distributers of
the crop, have organized wjth the intention of
seeking, direct contact with the growers of Cali
fornia and Oregon. The president, Mr. Francis, says
they want to see if the producers out here have been
completely sewedj up by the wholesalers, who have so
long had them in clutches.
Those who have started an investigation into the
market conditions of our fruit have been led to suspect
that- the producers feel under some sort of duress, for
it has been very difficult to secure any information from
them that will aid in improving their condition. It may
well be that a strong jobbers' association will cause the
unlocking of much information that now seems to be
locked up. . •
FRUIT JOBBERS AND GROWERS.
not in close touch with the White
House, just as Dewey was out of reach
by cable at Manila- The American
troops crossed the border. The Mex
icans made trouble 'and Taylor went
ahead and the victories of Palo Alto
and Monterey were won. In the fam
ous battle in which Bragg was told
to 'load you| cannon wtth grape, sir!'
Davis, who was then under command
of Taylor, went ahead and won a not
able victory in a certain part of the
field. When he returned Taylor
grasped his hand cordially and. after
congratulating him, said: 'Let me tell
you, sir, that you displayed better
Judgment in the selection of a hus
band for my daughter than I did my
self."
President Eliot of Harvard has determined to protect
his student charges from die ravages of indigestion and
dyspepsia by closing a coffee house that has lived twenty
five years of a bilious existence on the campus. The
learned president seems to have overlooked an ordinary
precaution in not seeking to determine if the over-eating
be mental and not physical. Stuffing in college is a com
mon complaint. .:•
Not many days ago there wandered
into the classic precincts a gentle-eyed
old man, who was concealing some
spirituous liquors about his person.
So burdensome was his package that
his manifest distress became evident
to one of the hawk-eyed college po
licemen. Promptly he was taken into
custody by the upholder of academic
dignity^ and haled into the puissant*
court of the Town Justice that a
charge of drunk and disorderly might
be lodged against him.
But long and diligently did Justice
Edgar thumb the ordinances of the
town fathers and at last was prone to
admit that there was no law in the
gentle town of Berkeley making
drunkenness a misdemeanor. Then
the light which sprang to the eyes of
that gentle old man with the package
was soulful and he shook a day-day to
the hawk-eyed college policeman-
Over there in classic Berkeley they
turn their plowshares into swords and
their pruning: hooks into edged
weapons with a facility which Is be
wildering. Their policemen forsake
the furrow to wield the fasces upon
the first call from outraged justice.
Under the efficient direction of A.
L. Bolton, manager of grounds for the
University of California, there has
been organized a valiant band of mln
utemen to patrol the college campus
and preserve the classic dignity which
broods over the hallowed sanctuary of
wisdom. Ready are they to leap from
the plow at the first sign of disorder
and hail the offender. But it is only
recently that the university police
force could demonstrate its efficiency.
Berkeley's Mimttemen.
neatly With four holes with her revolver. As a tower
operator a man was killed within a fortnight by an out
law who got into the tower .to rob him, we make no
effort to conceal our approbation of Miss Roxburg.
We recall no past occasion on which two' of the
gentler sex have vindicated their title as defenders of
morality and, law, . as did Mrs. Klinkenbiel of Des
Moines and Miss Kate Roxburg of Thacker. May
ladies never burn powder with less provocation or les»
skill, for neither of them got a scratch.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 8, • 1903.
THE SAM' FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. V • -. • . . . . . Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Hanager
Publication Office. . . .;. .*.... . .. . ; . . ... . 1 .... ....... . . <S^^^^> • • • •• • • • • • • • • v • • -Third and Market Streets, S. F.
TUESDAY .......:............... ",.'.\..:\.\'.-...'i. '..... .............. ........ ;-...... ..DECEMBER 8, 1903
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8Samuel W. Dennis, dentist, San
Francisco, filed a- petition: in insol
vency yesterday in the United States
District Court He owes $11,651 and
has $325 assets. His principal credi
tors are: Timothy Hopkins, $3399 40;
,R. J. Davis, $2950,' and A. N. Copsey,
$1000. " '~.~l&
Insolvent Dentist.
ARRIVED.
Monday. December 7. •
Schr Volunteer, Breseeri, 7 days from Wll
tap* Harbor. gAILED
Monday, December 7.
" . Stmr Greenwood. Johnson. Albion.
Stmr G. C. LIndauer, Allen, Astoria and
Portland. < "
OUTSIDE BOUND IN.
Dec. 7,: 12 p m-^-Schrs Ida McKay and Mary
Dodsa.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Dec 7— Stmr Sequoia,
hence Dec 3; ¦ stmr San ' ; Pedro, hence Dec : 2,
via Eureka.:
r. ¦-...--,. OCEAN STEAMERS. .
NEW TORK— Arrived Dec 7— Stmr Cevlc.
from Liverpool. ' BMBNN«a088
Arrived Dec S — Stmr Kaiser Wllhelm II,
from Bremen. . . „¦
MO VILLE — Arrived , Dec 8, 3 :5O a m — Stmr
Fume*sia, from 1 New; York for Glasgow, and
proceeded. .
Late Shipping Intelligence.
68:0. S 100; — .
Estate of > William H. Churchill (by Mary F.
City and county of San Francisco j to Aa-
Kusta^ Lauterbach, lot on W line of Laritin
street 11<>:6 N of Green. X 27 by W-137:6; — .
Anne Tubbs (executrix of i e«tate of Austin
C Tubbs) to Marln Arata and Adalglsa A:
Grondona (wife of Charles F.) undivided one
elKhta of lot on NW corner of Union and Lar
kin streets. W 93:4 by N 72:6^*1210. ,
i Elixabeth C. Tubbs. Nettle T.. Oyster (wife
of Joseph) and William B. Tubbs to same, un
divided six-eighths of same: $10.
Alfred S. «n<V Alice H..Tubb» to same, un
divided one-eighth of same: $10.
Charles . F. Grondona to Adalslsa A. Gron
dona; all of Mine; gift. .
John Cherry to Annie Cherry (wife), lot on
N line ot Lombard street. 103:1 Vi E of Polk.
E 34:4W by N 137:6,. and property out of
county; gift. ¦
Estate of Ellen Gallagher (by James. E. and
George Gallagher, txecutors) to Garret W.
McEnerney, lot on W line of i Gougn street,
90- K of Hayes. N 30 by. W 73; $8800.
?. Ellen J. Druhan. • James E., - Michael H.,
Humphrey, Frederick .and : ' George Gallagher
to same, same; $10.
City and count? of San Francisco to James
West, lot on: NE- corner -of Grove and Fill
more rtreets. E 46:3. N 80. E 22:6, N 20, W
SATURDAY. DECEMBER 5. 1903.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Churchill, administratrix) to Edgar D. Petx
otto, lot on W* line of Broderick street, 110 N
of Haight. N 40 by "W* 187:6, S 12:6, EM, 8
27:6, E 82:6; *430O.
Daniel Einstein to Alice Beckmana. lot on
S line of California street, 113:5 W of Lycn.
W 25 by 8 100; $10. ."^tgi liUIMM
Claus Beckmanh to same, same: gift.
"Alice and Claus Beckmann to Daniel Ein
stein, lot on E line of Man!- street. 83 N ot
Sacramento, N 61. E 112:6, S 06, W 25, N 85,
W 87:6: $10. -
Estate of Silas M. Locke (br Joataa H.
Locke, administrate*) to M. C. Buckley, lot
on S corner of Mission street and Grand av«
nue. SE 100 by SW 28:4: $10,600.
Marcus and Freda Anderson to Peter S-rhie
fer, lot onN line of Seventeenth street. 74 E
of Douglass. E 23 by N 110, E 43, JJ 25. W
74. S 135: $10.
Alfred P. Eraser to Ella J. Taylor, lot on
S line of Washington street, 146 E of Battery,
E SO by 8 120: «IO.
Concepcion F. Ramirez (Fuller) and Mary
F. Grant (Fuller) to John F. Leicester, lot
on E line of Kearny street, 83 B of Sacra
mento, S 124:3 by E 126:6; $10.
Clara ' E. L. Falser - (Cunningham) to John
L. Ptnaey. lot on S line of California street.
17S:2«4 W of Dupont. "W 62:51*. 8 91:8, E
34:4H. S 28.4. E 2S:0ti: $10.
Fannie A. and Jam? a M. Hareourt to E. A.
Bridgford. lot on S line of Pine street. 137:6
W o£ .Taylor. W 43 by S 137:6: $10.
Montford S. ¦ and Flora C. Wilson to ElUa-
Wallace A. W!s* (owner) with William H.
Hacy and Frank C. Rounds {contractors), ar
chitect U. a. Busbee — All work except paint-
Ina;. plumbUur. electric work, shades and ga«
fixtures for a two-story fraxn* residence on N
line of Washington street. 165 E of Loctwt,
"E 27:6 by I* 127:S*i; f4»0.
Congregation Shertth Israel (owmti) wtta
George Ooodman (contractor), architect Albert
Plaals— Concrete bulkhead walla, drains. aa«I«
Irons and ca«t tron work for buildiax on SB
corner of California and Webster streets. B
132:6 by N 132:8: $3102 M.
H. H. and Matilda C. Bancroft (owners)
with City Street Improvement Comoany (oon
tractors). architects Cunningham A Polltto—
Excavating for trenches for walla and nlers
filling, bulkheadlsg. concrete work and cement
floors for a seven-story and basement brtck
building oa S line "of Sutter street. ICO K of
Van NeM avenue, E 68:9 by S 120; |TM. t
Builders' Contracts.
beta O. Baldwin, lot oa V tin* of Sutter strsat.
6S:9 E of Jonea. £ 34:4S by N 80: $10.
Mary E. O'Brien to Joan H. Boardman, lot
on W Un* ot L«rcy dace. 93 :« S ot Sacra
mento. S 23 by W SS:9; 910.
Catherto* Loony and Emily H. SUwart
(Hall) to Charles H. Qnaadt. lot on }TW linn
of Chenery. 113 NE of Palmer. NE 27:«. NW
to. point on SB line of Palmer 137 :ft N"S ot
Cnenery. SW 27:8. 8E 72. S 127:« fset of lot 2,
block 15, Fainaouat; $10. ..
Pen troubles disappear when you get a
fountain pen that fits your hand. Having
all kinds, we can fit any hand. Prices
from $1.00 to-$5.00 each. Sanborn, Vail &
Co.. 741 Market street, selling agents for
the "Waterman, ' "Regal" and "Marshall"
fountain-pens. . •
The January Delineator contains literary
and art features of exceptional value and re
liable fashion information. Including a letter
from Mra. Osborn, the foremost modiste in
America. The pictorial presentation * of the
reason's styles !s very cood. A number of
pages are given to a description of "'Parsifal."
Wagner's treat nnwlc drama, and an Inter
pretation 'of the theme by W. J. Henderson,
with Dersonal reminlAcenctn of the first per
formance of tho opera at Bayreuth by Guatav
Kobbe. The Illustrations are from ther ' only
photographs ever mad* of the opera and are
now published for the first time. - Mr. Kobbe
also contributes an Interesting paper describ
ing the Hf» of Mme. Bchumann-Helnk at Villa
Tlnl, her home near Dresden. Germany. There
are stories by Jack London, whose book. '•Th»
Call of the Wild." is one of the most popular
of the year, and Kathryn Jarboe, and the
fourth Installment of "The Evolution of " a
Club Woman." by Agnes Surbrtdge. Th« first
paper of "The Fountain of Youth" Introduces
a series of undoubted benefit to women I who
are In search of. or desirous of retaining, goodi!
looks. In addition there is an appealing paper i
by Llllle Hamilton French and much matter
of interest to the children, including serials
by Albert Bigelow Paine and Gabrielle E. I
Jackson. There Is also helpful information for
every department of the home.
The Delineator For January.
Few people praise the cabman as a
courteous gentleman; so it is all the"
more gratifying to find a correspondent
choosing him, as Calverley chose" the
organ-grinder, "for encomium as a
change." Last Monday night our cor
respondent's sister was. waiting for a
Stoke Newington omnibus; her 3-year
old child was with her. AH the passing
omnibuses were full. But a cabman,
seeing her futile efforts, asked If she
wanted to go to Stoke Newington, and
then Invited her to get Inside. "But
your charge Is such a lot," said the
woman. ."Don't you worry," replied
the cabman. "I'm going that way, and
I've had enough of it to-day. My wife
has told me what a job it is to get a
bus on a wet night." And we drove
her to her door for nothing. Our cor
respondent thinks this true story should
be told to prove that some cabmen are
gentlemen. We agree with him.—Lon
don Chronicle. •
A Good Cabman.
Mark L. McCord, who was arrested
last March on a charge of embezzle
ment, preferred against him by C. M.
Tates. and who was acquitted of the
charge, sued Tates yesterday for $15.
000 damages. He charges malicious
prosecution. -'..*-?¦,' V
Charges Maliciousness.
Clarence Frank, the soldier found
bleeding and unconscious last Sunday
morning at the foot of a cliff on the
corner of Lombard and ,Sansome
streets, died in the Central Emergency
Hospital yesterday. He never recov
ered consciousness.
Clarence 'Frank Dies.
Richard Brett, who was seriously
injured last March at the Redwood
City plant of the Frank Tanning Com
pany, sued the company yesterday for
$25,660 damages. - He was hurt by
falling through a hole in the floor of
the company's building and by having
his leg caught by a. belt.
Wants Damages For Injuries.
The body of the man who was killed
last Sunday by being struck by a San
Mateo and San Francisco electric car
near Burlingame was Identified yester
day as that of Heinrlch Voilers, a resi
dent of San Mateo, aged 68 years. Cor
oner Leland yesterday the
body to be delivered to Coroner Crowe
of San Mateo.
Hcinrich Voilers the Victim.
George ET. Bennett of the Pacific
Stevedoring and Ballasting Company,
112 Leidesdorff street, secured a war
rant from Police Judge Mogan yester
day for the arrest of F. Hanson on a
charge of felony embezzlement. Ben
nett alleges that Hanson, who was
foreman of a gang of men working at
Mare Island, got $135 on November
29 to pay the men and disappeared
with the money.
Poljce Looking For Hanson.
was released on filing a bond In the
sum of $500. Jow was ordered de
ported " on the same vessel. He had
come down the gangplank to nail it to
the wharf and was arrested by an of
ficer of the Chinese Bureau. Jow is
I quartermaster and goes to China on
I the same vessel and. in the same ca 7
I paclty. Having arrived in China Jow
] may reshlp on the same vessel should
he so desire. .'j^/c
J. C. Bruce, captain of the Stanley
t Dollar, waived examination yesterday
! before United States Court Commis
i sioner Heacock and was held for trial
! on the charge of having allowed Jow
• Ah Ng. the quartermaster of the ves
] sel, to land Illegally. Captain Bruce
Captain Bruce Sails Away.
"What was practically a motion to
dismiss the suit of Captain W. A. Wes
cott for a writ of mandate compelling
the officers of California Harbor No.
15, Association of Masters and Pilots
of Steam Vessels, to admit him to' a
meeting of the association to be held
last night, was granted yesterday by
Judge Seawell. When the case was
called the attorney for the defendants
moved to "quash service of the sum
mons in the proceedings" on the
ground that "a copy of Westcott's pe
tition for a writ was not served with
the writ, nqr at all."
The dismissal does not end the mat
ter, however. Wescott late yesterday
afternoon filed a suit for an Injunction
restraining the defendants In the dis
missed suit from Interfering with him
In any way in his rights as a member
of the association. He also asks for
$1000 damages.
Files New Action For an Injunction
Against Association of Pi
lots and Masters.
WESCOTT DETERMINED
TO AIR HIS TROUBLES
Philip and Bridget O'Malley, whose
con, George, was killed on June 13
last between Belmont and Redwood
City by being run Into by a Southern
Pacific Company's train, sued the
company yesterday for $20,000 dam
ages. Jane Olagne and W. Cully,
whose brother John was killed at the
ram? time as O'Malley, filed a suit for
$10,000 damages. In both suits care
lessness is alleged.
Sue For Heavy Damage*.
The convention adopted a platform
declaring for the initiative and refer
endum, a direct primary law, a State
railroad commission and for an en
largement of the powers of the State
Board of Equalization.
5 Under the resolutions adopted men
of all political' parties are invited to
join, voting according to party af
filiations on national Issues, but In ac
cordance with the platform adopted
on State questions. The resolutions
declare for the organization of an
anti-trust party to deal wholly with
State affairs. To organize the party
a committee of two men from each
county is to be created. An executive
committee composed of two Demo
crats^ two Republicans and the chair
man, who has been a Democrat, is
provided for.
HELENA, Mont., Dec. 7. — The con
vention of the so-called third party,
or as it is commonly characterized,
the Heinze party, met in the Audito
rium in Helena shortly after noon to
day. . About 500 men from various
points in the State were in attendance.
The convention was called to'order by
the former Governor, Robert B. I.
Mills. General Charles S. L. Warren
of Butte was chosen temporary chair
man.
Montana Mine Promoter Starts a Po-
litical Organization Embracing
Popular Ideas in Platform.
HEINZES NEW PARTY
CAIiLS A 3IEETING
Both the agents stuck to their state
ments, despite a vigorous cross-exami
nation. They also disagreed as to the
number of horses in McCarty's shop
at the time the men were called out.
Morrisey said there could not have
been more than four and Parkinson
said he did not see more than seven.
The feature of the trial of the suit
for $100,000 damages of J. H. Me-
Carty against the Journeymen Horse
shoers" Union and the Master Horse
shoers' Association in Judge Hunt's
court yesterday was the contradictory
evidence given by Robert Parkinson,
business agent of the first named or
ganization, and W. H. Morrlsey, the
lawyer-horseshoer, formerly business
agent of the employing shoers. Park
inson testified that on the morning of
February .11, when he called out Mc
carty's men because his union and the
masters' association had declared him
unfair, he met Morrisey on City Hall
avenue and walked into . McCarty's
shop with him. Morrisey flatly con
tradicted this statement, saying that
he did not meet Parkinson at all that
morning until after he had entered
McCarty's shop, and as business agent
of the association demanded the return
of the stamp, which the. laws of the
association required should be placed
upon all shoes placed upon horses
shod in a shop conducted by a member
of the association.
Says He Did Not Meet Him Prior to
Arrival at McCarty's
Shop.
BUSINESS AGENT MORRISEY
CONTRADICTS PARKINSON
Governor Pardee has sent a copy
of this dispatch to the California com
missioners to St Louis and has writ
ten that "it seems to be important
that the university should be well rep
resented at the exposition."
Whether the University of California
will get the space it seeks in the edu
cational building at the St. Louis ex
position may be determined to-day.
The space required is 1500 square feet.
Mr. Rogers, the head of the educa
tional department at St. Louis, was to
return from the East to St. Louis yes
terday. The supposition Is that the
matter of space will be taken up to
day.
Governor Pardee has received from
President Francis of the St. Louis
Exposition an answer to his telegram
sent last week asking that the Univer
sity of California be given what space
it needs. The answer from President
Francis is as follows:
"Hon. George C. Pardee, Sacramen
to, Cal.: Early in the exploitation the
department of education and at dif
ferent times and in different ways
urged the University of California to
participate in the exposition, space
being at that time reserved and held
several months for that purpose, but
the university declined without reser
vation. It now seems impossible to
grant any space In view of the in
creased requisition of foreign govern
ments. «I will look Into the situation
very carefully and it may be that pro
vision can be made.
"D. H. FRANCIS."
Pardee From President of
St. Louis Exposition.
Dispatch Is Received By Governor
Johnson was arrested at his home.
He was taken to the hospital for re
pairs before being locked up in the
City Prison. When searched the knire
with which he had cut Shaughnessy
was found -in h!* pocket. 1
Johnson, who was badly beaten up,
claimed that he was attacked by a
pang of hoodlums at Francisco and
Dupont streets late Sunday night.
Some one struck him on the head with
a bottle, and. as he was afraid that he
would be seriously Injured, he drew
his pocketknife and slashed one of the
rang on the left arm. This had the
effect of frightening the gang away.
•Shortly after the fight William
iihaughnessy went to the Harbor
Emergency Hospital to have a wound
in his left arm attended to. When
questioned he refused to say who had
cut him. but Ward and Evatt later
forced him to admit that Johnson had
done the cutting. : ->*
Jalmer Johnson, a laborer, living at
20 Midway street, was booked at the
City Prison yesterday morning on a
oharg-e of assault to murder by Police
men Ward and Evatt.
Is Charged With Assanlt
to Murder.
Because Jalmcr Johnson Cut One He
ATTACKED BY A GANG OF
HOODLUMS AND ARRESTED
UNIVERSITY'S DEMAND
FOR SPACE IN QUESTION
The proposed ordinance declaring It
the intention of the board to lower the
grade of Golden Gate avenue at Jones
and Leavenworth streets was laid over
for one week.
City Engineer Grunsky stated that
an estfmate of the cost of lowering the
suiface of the avenue had been made,
but no estimate cf the damages that
night result thei>Irom had bean pre
pared. Attorney McEnerney, repre
senting the St. Boniface Church mem
bers who have protested against the
reduction of grade, held that at least
an approximate estimate of damages
should be made before any proceedings
were taken to lower the grade. Mc-
Enerney held that property owners on
Eddy street were interested, but had
not been notified to attend the meet
ing. James D. Phelan, representing the
property owners favoring the reduc
tion, stated that the committee of prop
erty owners who had recommended the
change of grade had gone further and
included the property owners on O'Far
reil street among those who would be
benefited by the change.
The amended ordinance requiring
passages to exits in hospitals; hotels.
seminaries, apartment, tenement or
lodging houses to be two and a half
feet wide in buildings having a front
1 age of thirty feet, three feet to an exit
I on a building frontage of thirty-five
[ feet and three and a half feet to an
exit on all frontages over thirty-five
feet wide was passed to print.
The amended ordinance providing
that the appointment of poundmaster
be taken out of the hands of the Mayor
and placed In those of the Board of Su
pervisors was passed to print by the
board yesterday. The ordinance au
thorizes the board to appoint some suit
able person, firm or association who
shall have charge of the public pound.
The report of the Finance Committee
was adopted, finding Poundmaster H.
O. Irwin. the Mayor's appointee, guilty
of neglect of duty In that he had Issued
a form of receipt not warranted by law.
Although he testified that in every in
stance when* that form of receipt was
issued his deputies were instructed to
issue an official receipt to correspond
with the receipt, he did not always
compare the stubs of that receipt book
with the official receipts, and the stub
books were destroyed or thrown away
with his knowledge. The vote on the
adoption cf the report was:
Ayes— Booth, Boxton. Braunhart,
Comte, Connor. D'Ancona, Eggers,
Loughery, Lynch, McCllellan, Payot,
Brandensteln.
Noes— Alpers, Bent, Rea, Wilson,
Walsh.
G. D. Shadburne, president of St.
Mary's Square Association, appeared
before the Finance Committee and urged
the payment of two judgment demands
obtained In land condemnation pro
ceedings for the proposed park. Audi
tor Baehr refuses to pay the demands
until a stipulation is filed releasing thr 3
city from paying demands In excess of
$125,000, the original appropriation for
the park.
Brandensteln thought that some legal
document should be filed to protect the
city In the matter, but Shadburne
would not consent to it. Shadburne
stated that subscriptions to the amount
of $6000 had already been taken up
among the promoters of the project.
Brandensteln thought the list of sub
scribers should be furnished the com
mittee, but Shadburne thought other
wise. The committee thereupon post
poned action until next- Monday, when
Auditor Baehr will be present and
pome agreement arrived at.
A petition was filed signed by mem
bers of the St. Mary's Square Associ
ation, requesting that the board pro
ceed by right of eminent domain to
condemn and acquire the land for park
purposes and to appropriate (in the
present tax levy the sum of $75,000 for
such acquisition and the association
will raise by subscription whatever
amount In excess of that sum may be
necessary therefor.
The ordinance providing for the con
struction of ground floor pipe-casing
holes In and through the floor of the
first story of buildings in order to en
able the Fire Department to promptly
extinguish any fire occurring In base
ments was passed to print.
The Hayes Valley Athletic Club was
granted a permit for a professional con
test during this month.
The Hassell Audit Company notified
the Board of Supervisors yesterday
that the County Clerk reports having
collected on account of the amounts
reported by it against Public Admin
istrator Farnham the sum of $949 and
that to-morrow he will collect $376 30
additional, a total of $1325 30, and about
$400 more will be paid in as soon as
the amounts can be verified. •
The committee decided to meet this
afternoon at 4 o'clock to take up the
report of the experts on the adminis
tration of the probate department of
the County Clerk's office and tho al
leged shortage of fees Jn connection
therewith.
The board adopted a resolution di
recting the Chief of the Department of
Electricity to report to the Supervisors
how much of the work of placing the
city's wires underground has been com
pleted, how much remains to be com
pleted, and what amounts of the sums
appropriated In the following fiscal
years have been expended for these
"purposes: 1901-2. $25,000; 1902-3. $50,000;
1903-4, $25,000; and if any of the afore
said amounts have been expended other
than for th* purposes appropriated,
then to specify for what purposes they
nave been so expended.
Lane also advised that It will be nec
*e!?.ary for the board to take come ac
tion looking to the immediate construc
tion of & municipal road on Market
ttreet. from G«ary street to the ferry
before any steps can be taken to de
termine the right of the city to use
that portion of Market street. The
resolution asking th^ City Attorney for
his ooinlon on the subject was passed
prior to the recent election, at which
tho Question C f the municipal owner
ship of the Geary street railroad was
submitted to the people.
The communication from Albert Kel
*?»>-, BUDerlntendent of the municipal
improvement section cf the Louisiana
Purchase Exposition, stating that a
movement is on foot for a municipal
exhibit at the World's Fair, was re
ferred to the Finance Committee. Kel
n*y writes that other cities have ar
ranged for exhibits in the "Model City."
which will cost from $5000 to ?40,OO0.
Atlanta trill build the railway station.
Washington the public library, Kansas
City a Casino. Minneapolis and St.
Paul a museum. Detroit a model home,
while other buildings are being ar
ranged for bv municipalities. The Ex
position Comoany will erect the town
liall. hcspltal and day nursery and
Kelsey asks this city to co-operate in
the exhibit.
City Attorney Lar.e advised the
Board of Supervisors yesterday that it
rr.ey proceed under tha charter to Issue
all the bonds voted at the recent elec
tion fcr public Improvements, celling,
however, only as many as may be
needed from time to time. Lane says
tfcat th» board cannot by Its ovm. act
fcrtng the question of the validity of the
bond Issue before the courts and any
attack xnade upon the bonds must
come from those opposed to their Issu
ance.
The resolution authorizing an ex
penditure of ?2000 under the directlqn
of the special committee, of the board
and the Health Board for the purpose
of cleaning Chinatown was passed to
print.
The ordinance prohibiting the erec
tion or maintenance of fences and
framework boards of a greater height
than ten feet above the ground for
painting or posting of signs or adver
tisements thereon was passed to print.
The ordinance is amendatory of one
declared unconstitutional by the courts
because It prohibited the erection of
fences in excess of ten feet from the
sidewalk Instead of from the ground.
The Board of Works was authorized
to advertise for proposals for furnish
ing 100,000 basalt blocks to be used in
repairing streets.
Ordinances were , finally passed
changing grades at certain points on
Park, Hill and Parsons avenues, Gor
don, South Broderick, Tilden, Four
teenth and Lotta streets; regulating
the widths of sidewalks on all streets,
the maximum being fixed at. twenty
two feet on streets 100 feet -wide and
the minimum at eight feet on streets
forty feet wide; regulating the plumb
ing and drainage of buildings; ordering
the bituminizing of Dupont street be
tween and Broadway at a cost
of ?2125; ordering the laying of an as
phalt pavement on New Montgomery
street from Market to Mission at a cost
of $13,560; ordering the construction of
a sewer in Thirty-seventh avenue
South.
George Renner, manager of the Dray
men's Association, said that his organ
ization would withdraw its objection
to the spur track privilege if regula
tions were adopted prohibiting the cars
from being left on the streets and also
prohibiting the roadways from being
cut up by the tracks.
The board then adopted a resolution
recting the Street and Judiciary Com
mittee to Inquire into and report to
the board a proper and reasonable sys
tem of regulation of the operation and
maintenance of spur tracks. The regu
lations intend that cars Bhall not be
kept standing in the street longer than
a practical time; no compensation
shall be exacted by owners of spur
tracks from others and only grooved
rails shall be used.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
adopted the report of the Street Com
mittee, rehislng to rescind the spur
track privilege on Filbert street here
tofore granted to St. Mary's Help Hos
pital. Petitions for tke repeal of the
permit had been filed by the" Labor
Council and other organizations, alleg
ing that the privilege is inimical to
the interests of draymen. '
Secretary Painter of the North Cen
tral Improvement Association held that
the owners of drays should also com
ply with the ordinances regulating
their business, which were being con
stantly violated.
Board Begins Consideration of
the Proposed Grade Reduction
on Golden Gate Avenue
New Ordinance Limits Height
of Fences to Ten ' Feet
Measured From Ground Up
St. Mary's Square Association
Pleads for Payment of Judg
ments Obtained Against City
Board Asks Information Re
garding the Cost of Placing
City's Wires Underground
EXPERT NOTIFIES BOARD
PLANS MUNICIPAL EXHIBIT
IRWIN NEGLECTS DUTY
PERMIT IS NOT REPEALED
Ordinance Places Appointment
of Poundmaster in Hands
of the Board of Supervisors
Board of Supervisors , Will
Now Adopt .Restrictions for
Future Special Privileges
Public Administrator Farn
ham Proceeds to Liquidate
¦ the Debts of His Office
City Attorney Advises Super
visors That They Have the
Power to Begin Proceedings
TAKES POWER
FROM SCHMITZ
COUNTY CLERK
COLLECTS FEES
TO REGULATE
SPUR TRACKS
ORDERS ISSUE
OF THE BONDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, 'IXTESD AY, DECEMBER 8, 1903.
9
t GBAPE-ITUTS.
— I
MEMORY MEXDIXO.
Whnt Food Alone Can Do for the
Memory.
The influence of food upon the brain i
and memory is so little understood that j
people are Inclined to marvel at It.
Take a person who has been living on j
improperly selActed food and put h!rn j
upon a scientific diet in ¦which the food j
Grape-Nuts Is largely used and the in-
crease of the mental power that fol-
lows is truly remarkable.
A Canadian who was sent to Colora-
do for his health Illustrates this point j
in a roost convincing manner. "One year j
ago I came from Canada a nervous i
wreck, so my physician said, and re- j
duced in weight to almost a skeleton
and my memory was so poor that con-
versations had to be repeated that had
taken place only a few hours before. :
I was unable to rest day or night, for j
my nervous system was Ehattored.
"The change of climate helped me
a little, but it was eoon seen that this
was not all that I needed. I required
the proper selection- of food, although
I did not realize It until a friend rec-
ommended Grape-Nuts to me and I
gave this food a thorough trial. Then
I realized what tHe right food could do i
and I began to change In my feelings
and bodily condition. This kept up
until now after six months' use oft
Grape-Nuts all my nervous trouble has
entirely disappeared, I have gained in
flesh all that I had lost and what is j
more wonderful to me than anything
else my memory is as good as it ever
was. Truly Grape-Nuts has remade
me all over, mind and body, when 1
never expected to be well and happy
again." Name given by Postum Co.,
Battle Creek, Mich.
There's a reason.
Look in each package for a copy of
the famous little book, "The Road to
WeUvU»»-
(YOU SAVE MONEY AT PATTOSIEN'S
I PATTOSIEN'S
I Cor. 16th and Tlission Streets
FURNITURE | CARPETS -- DRAPERIES
. At Prices That Attract and Benefit AH Buyers
j DINING TABLES SALE OF y-^'^t^^^-s^'^
I ! gar-TjTTga PARLOR PNITURE Bo ?^l^L
i BSjUJI* - - '--^saiiiiSBB All made In our own factory . . rs?^~ ~-%± J
.. ./— "**rTrf^ g ™ s *^^ and every piece guaranteed. Dining \ B "5s> tf: 5fc?"^' J
Ir4ihf51 5 THXES - PIECE FASLOB huix — f f*mii° - j t'-'J. m
R flljllB Hand polish^ and upholster-d in silk dam- wllttla I f^^J^y^ii
&Ma. *'pAKiOB*stnT— Hand-polished backs, Best quarter- i* iTIiijJjjjnl
handsomely decorated, seats upholstered in fla» 5 q \y g fj oak, I HI 1 fj'f I
&£/~$ Hi \%S * MAHOOAinr P faxlx.or "suit— Made handsomely \ j|l 1 i|if
3r* / •'tSnaSH X& vet^' substantial. hand-F>.fU*h»d ar-d uphol- ,|. h j. r «»tfii- pS 5 —' 1 — "-^ri ""•
y? ¦f^O^\\x. *t»re<l *eats and backs, als-o hand carved— Mle POJISnea, re£U %jt iS^Z^^
yr \ 2T MAHOGAITT PAE10B SUIT — Hand- c , __i._ j.^J.
« \ w caned and pol!shed.upholstereJ la heavy iillcda- Sale priOC, RHM£§SS^5
--_-,-_,„_ . _ mask-regular price. $100-reducd to 8.S2.5O. (f <^^B^BgpV«
PFnFNTAI * 5 - 50 3PAKI.OB BOCKXas — Neat < j . ¦ m ~ ZZ ~j^\
1 JuUlJtJ lt\lj raddlewood »eitt or upholstered— reduced to •'^^^-j^-^j-Zg I
FYTFNSTON TARIF SIO.00 PABLOB EOCXEBS-Hand- C ft Cfl f _g^^\ _ _A dtii
L,AiL.nOll/n 1HUL.IJ polished (oMen oak or richly polished ma- 0 /lOU W^ H^^ S^\l
. _ lf _. - . * n t hoftany finish — reduced to ««»;,.-,o. M \\ \\ ' \«
uolden or n eatnered Oak si2.5opabi.okxockeks— xeatar.d *¦ \\ \\ \l
dainty «tyleR, as well as more substantial, all \ I Ul \\
;*' /TV -4 ,^^V ,^^V polished or upholstered — reduced to ?S>-'i). * VI
LLT 1 \h£ § Iff I $6.00 KOCKZBS — In golden oak or 1 1
V^^ I 1 II I mahogany finish, hand polished — reduced to »*,__?!.»,• JM
\U J[ v^ i v/ v/ ?3.oo. wortns;4. (j
m Sale on the Great Second Floor. V '
You will bo repaid for your time - %t i-"±tsB IV. SALE Or
and trouble to see our line. This is >W^ rvIVIVr; rHAlDQ
only one bargain out of 250 samples. jf^T^™"!™,. STns)) DllNllNU ttlAlKZ)
n TalVJr fl ne tO q P ua^-s^d\a k X . te 8 n - S fo°o n t . Sj» .newest style Dining : Chain
if; table, worth $32.00— special price... B^5fl8$8«m!55?H3FSf Ell wl11 be °« erCfl this w « k at a re '
| 82O.0O yClv^^ ¦ • * r> '* *iffin duction from to to 40 per cent ; m
E 4S-inch quarter-sawed oak Srjuare |' '..AjtJI fact, odd lots of chair 5 ;, some
B Extension Table, worth $20. Special \W^WWWWima\ ranging from two to eight chairs
U P T VwVV; 8 } ? r£JJ~g*99^~M in I lot. will be sold at exactly
H Quarter-sawed oak G-foot Extension U.-.w' uft. tilJiM&t^ihSSP'itl t n-
l! Tables, worth J15. 00. Special price.. ES^I^^Ib^^wSIJ halt-price. .
U '....811.25 tra^PV '•Mraiileff Oak Dinin ? Chairs as low as
II Solid oak top Extension Table, 6- ggyi»»- ' ->, 75c. Fine weathered oa.< Dmer5
,H foot length. Special price $0.75 M rr== *' a$ j ow as 91.75. Several lota
U n 1 c *l rh*i Tin ipmiiii ¦! ¦ TTil 1 ot ' extra fine quarter-sawed, hand-
| DCUrOOffl JUIIS f^^^aBBS ¦ polished Diners, with seat and
0 WHITE MAPLE suit of three b ack upholstered in leather, arc
a pieces, heavily paneled ami prettily ileco- pri-rii* By" " 1 -n - 1 T»ir72La! marked C0WI1 from §5-00 tO
Hj . rated, dresser class of a heavy bev- f "{"t "**»
! gl eled edse (2ta24 inch's); a Qi)4 f\f\ ' . ¦ mi t"ll L'ljl 1 1 i>) Jjf \L\J. ..'o.—u.
U * io suit o^"4-»w HVw5iPinfwf ntWHHr cir»GRnADn^
j I OOLSEH OAI- Three pieces that l^ftF 1^_ iJJr SIDEBOARDb
, S harmonize to make a perfect suit, beau- g — ""* t "--j^*^ Ou« fln« hafld-carred Oak Sideboard. ««
i H tiiully elosjed;- a swell front dresser f --g^^f* tra larje »Ue. worth |130; sceeial price.
: A with »r, oval French rlate mirror . Li J V^~L" S*~^ Wto fOO.
1 t j (24x30 Inches), at the low cqj Off V U/ * KT One Cilna Cabinet to match above.
- I prtce of OOttXU *s m/-i O CT worth $163; «b«cU1 Drte«. fOO.
1 BIEDSEYE MAP1E — Two-piece ¦ U>t 3>D-^D ..?"d 7?***^ «!^v BTa 1
1 suit, beautifully carved dre«scr. 8 well W **" \J • WJ Siaeboard.wcrtb '^^^^.^r^khlaetT
: F c r a e rV C e h d »JSS SSS-S"!?' « Boy's Desk-Made of solid oak, wg g«gfS?¥^ £
. 1 IL S^^f^fe $67.50 5 feet high and 30 inches wide, wo^ &. i5WS^ Sh?*".
I iliJBIlBii CARPETS' AND DRAPERIES
i i Wi^J&£JmL if If .Wl Waised These Riigs and Carpets
\ \ ?B «Tli JHBsk ' Enough You'd Think Us Boastful.
1 * wki I^m^7^t^r^ >1 \ Would require fulsome words to tell you the beauty of these rugs
{ • Wit /r\> iT « ISM It \A\ Y N and carpets. You'd think us boasting:. We'd rather you'd give the dis-
:f 5 ?:?$ [ \.\f \ Wl '"' -^" pIay it5 mecd of praise when j'ou see it. ". *• ;
! [ I \\ff(?- Jkfo^j^dffi ¦ I Y^ You will be enthusiastic. The rich colorings and handsome designs are
j I Jj|i^f^if}ff\ RF^TSSi attractive, while the wearing qualities and extremely low prices clinch
I fS^A^wi l^J&Mk Axminster Carpet. $1.10 Alex. Smith & Sons' extra Axminster carpets,
II I T3 UV\ lS& J^3.W ' *W\ \ with and without border. These are patterns
H ' l)n\ M ! V^^B5Fl^\\ to b: discontinusi- Regular l\. 40 value.
j « mwSsWlSCW Velvet Carpet, 90c , Sirith & Dlmick's Velvet Carpets, with and without
fi '\ll!w\ J&ll^^/ borders. Fo: hall and stairs
H ¦* $\^J§^^f&/jllsl? Smith & Sanford's Tapestry Brussels Carpet, No. I— 90c worth % MO
H L5____^jfgp»^^Syg^W Smith & Sanford's Tapestry Brussels Carpet, No. 2— 75c worth ooc
f| J»\$; 1 ' Mdffiiffi John Bromley & Sons' Rangpur Smyrna Rugs
I 7 Size 6x9 ' S6.00 Size 7:6x10:6, SI4.00 Size 0*1^. S2I.00
0 J^^^^^^^P^ Bigelow Royal Axminster Rugs
I' ''^^r^^/^'--' • Size 1SX36, SI. 50 Size 36x72. S4.50 Size 6x9, SI7.00
Imported French Art Fabrics Sizc W? S3 ' 5 ° Sizc 4:6x7:6 ' S6 '°° Size 9XI2 ' «35.oo worth us
50-inch— Sold, at $1.56 a OP/, ' John Bromley & Sons' Wool Smyrna Rugs
yard-special, a yard...... 03C s|ze 30x6()j spedal> s2 .25 Size 36x72, special, S3.50
Imported French Tapestries Tapestry Brussels Rugs, No Mitered Corners
a y^rd— aTTpecial, ytrd $1.65 Size 9x9. SII.25 Size 9^12, SI4.25
n • 4 1 T 4 *' Wilton Velvet Rugs, 9x12. rich Oriental effects SO.95
RichcoSgiiffi^i Qn K " hinir Rugs, 9 x,A copies of Turkish and Persia SI 1.45
§3.00 yard — at special, yd *pl»v\j . " I _
Silk Tapestries LACE CURTAINS
All colors— 50-inch— large and l^rW-'l^i V^ *V A *-*
l^o^yd-aTspeSl! yd $2.25^ Two Big Purchases From St. Gall and Paris,France
Rich Figured Velours Ruffled Net Cnrtains, Scotch Net Cnrtains, Arabian, Renais-
Solid color.-; — Sold at tf <) 7P ennre* Iricli Point Clnnv
$4.00 yd— at special, yd $L..OJ SaOCS, IrlSU rOIIll, JOUiaCflC, W1UD>.
All Silk Moires SOME OF THE BARGAINS AND PRICES:
m WM y^rS-^dai;' tffr qa ArabSan Lace Cu - tains **230,93.00.93.75,S4.50.
I a yard ..... J^.VU 95.OO, &6.OO, 97.5O, 93. 5O ard &1O.OO per pair.
Rich Figured Chintz Velours An importer's loss, your gain. £2£!?2«- s 22 0 ™ ch «"#iA
I 50-inch— sold at $5.00 tf^nP Bcnne Femm: Cutta nsat 91. 75, »2.25,»Z.75,»J.UO,
II a yard— at special, yd $0.1 J 93. 75,9 4. 25 and 95.OO.
I Irish Point La:e Curt: ins at 93.75, 94.5O, 95.OO,
\h Lace Bed Sets 96.00,97.00,93.50 and 910.00 v« p«r.*
!*1 New Lace Spreads, with medal- ¦ Duchesse '. and Re jabsance, at S3. OO, 90.00, 97. SO,
fj lion bolster piece, scalloped 98. SO, 9/O.OO, 9t2.5 O and 915.OO P«r pair. *
|| flounces, renaissance edge inser- Scot.h Net and Nottingham Curtains at 91. OO, 9 i. 7 5, 92. OO 9
| ' tjons and large renaissance -medal- fi2 5O and « 3. OO per pair.
3 hon centers, . white or Arabian Ama r- * .,7 <Btesr% C o aa C 9 AH «4 no
J colors— in this sale at *n f\f\ h- Rtffl?d Cu-tains at 91.5O, *f.O°,«2.5O, 93. OO.
| $/.UU 93.5O, 93.75, 94.OO and 94.SO per pair.
1 Cor.Mission T> a i A^in\T Y** f\ Corner l«th
1 and UA i Si mi H \ lil and
| 16th Streets tT XHL 1.1 \J ±D 1 1-W 1 %^V/« Mission Sts.SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND &ACETBACK, MONDAY, Dec. 7.— Weather fine. Track fast
f»42O. FIRST RACK — Seven furlongs; selling; all ares: value to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owntr.' |Wt|St U. li- %. Str. Fin. | Jockey. Op. Cl.
KlOG El Piloto. 0 (II. W. Hoag) 103 2 1 n 1 S i h 1 a 11 |Hlldebrand 6 9-2
5403 Telephone. 2 (R. A. Smith).. 02 3 2 V4 1! 1^42 3 2 3 2 5 Greenfield . 6-2 3
W67 Elie, 2 (G. Lanka) 81) 6 4 K & I ¦ !i t 3 3 37 Anderson.. 12 15
r»3l)5 I mil Maseie, 5 (McAlcster),.. 10S 7 6 2U4 h 3 n 4 2 4 4 |I. Powell... 3-2 8-5
raso (Toto Gratlot, 3 (E. Barron)». 102 4 61 72 SU5U(^ Kunz 6 :.':-> 8
.?408 iSisenvlne, 0 (F. J. Stoer) 108 0 3 % 3 1%4 h C 4 « V* J. Daly.... 15 60
61SS Uudge Voorhles, 3 (Murry)... 112 1 B 0 » 7 n 7 4 W. Waldo.. 6 12
B3SO |Wanderllnff, 4 (Pritchard).... 108 9. 8 3 8 1%8 14 8 3 8 7 C. Kelly.... 20 40
f..>12 [Conger. 3 (Kirk & Co.) &0 8 7 1 U 2 7 a 0 0 J. Lewis... 16 60
Time- : :23V 4i :48ft. 1:13%. 1:27. At post 3 minutes. Off at 2:16"^. Piloto, place, 7-5; show,
7-10. Telephone, place, 1; show, 1-2. Elle, enow, 3. Winner, br. %. by Gano-Clodomlro.
Trained by H. W. Hoaj. Start poor. Won In a hard drive of two. Third easily. Chances
are Hildebrand outrode Greenfield a bit. Latter lost little ground »t that. Elle ran a
a j£ i> J2£3^_TjrucJ^_^^ In flesh.
B>2t. t SECOND RACE — Five furlongs; purse; maiden 2-year-olds; colts & geldings; $325.
Index Hor»» and Owner. IWtlSt. % ! %^ %¦ Str. FJn. | Jockey. 0^! cT
5400 Dargln (B. Pchrelber) ....:'.. 108 2 ... 1 « 1 % 1 3 1 1\k Otis 5-2 8-5
W01 Instrument (McAllister & Co.) 108 6 ... 6 n 5 14 1%2 1»? I. Powell.. 5 9
r??S £? r , b0r <H ; J 1 T Row ! U) 108 8 ' ' • 6 2 « 2 2 n 3 3 King ...... 5-2 - % 8
W4D Minimum (M. - Jonee) ..105 3 ... 2 % 4 V, 3 1U4 2 N Lewis.. 15 60
£!os £ ek r° A Alh^5r br * S i abIe) -TV J M 6 '•• 08 06 7 %61 Chandler .. 15 20
Sn5 T. .J Cox (W. B. Sink Jr.).. 108 7 ... 3 >i 8 n 6 168 Tullet 10 20
640J Bombardier (W. B. Jennings) 103 4 ... 8 H 8 1%9 472 J Martin.. 6 6
Waterspout (R. A. Smith) 100 1... 7h 72 81 8n Larsen 3 , i « i
Dundreary (Burns & Watrhne) 103 10 ... 10 10 10 9 1% J. T. Shehn 10 13
Presidio (Hamilton' Stable)... 107 0 ... 4 % 2 & 0 %10 J. Daly ... 12 7,
Tlm r7 :24 J 1 - :48^- 1:Oll 'i- At Post 1% minutes. Oft at 2:40%. Dargtn place, 3-5; show,
1-3.- Instrument, place, 3; show. 3-2. Harbor, show.' 1-2. Winner' b c by 8aln- •
Florence Dickey. Trained by W. Whalen. Scratched— Abydoa El Bernado. Start good.
W on eaelly. Second driving hard. Third easily. Winner a shifty colt. Instrument ran
a nice race. Harbor had to so the overland route. Minimum finally got a move on
and may improve. Waterspout had some speed. Presidio did well for a green one.
S422. THIRD RACE— Mile and 50 yards; selling ; four-year-olds and up; value first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. , |Wt St. \i'. %^ %. Str. Fin. | Jockey" Op. c£
i&S? i£ Uty .P Uy> 6 < s t a n fl « ld >---- 80 4 12 13 { 2 12 11 '.I. Lewis .. ~i>ll 5^2
540? iConstellator. 6 (Keating & Co.) 101 ti 3 1^2 2 2 3 2 4 2 1% J. Martin.. 4-5 1
5408 Achilles. 4 (McCabe & Co.).. 107 1 4-«i 4 1%3 2 3 % 3 4 Prior 15 40
5410 Tom Slavin. 5 (Clifford) 104 7 5 1%5 1%4 n 43 44 McKinnon . 7 10
4U2« Cougar. 6 (Boots & Co.) 112 2 7 1 6n 5h 8 1%5 1% C. Kelly... 20 30
5419 J. J. Corbett. 5 (P. Hedges). 10CJ 8 8 8 8 8 6 4 Haack ' . . . • 0 -8
5372 Lunga. 4 CMrs. McMlchaete). 101 5 6 n 7 % 7 n C n 7 7 Chandler .. 20 15
5405 Gawalne. 5 (W. E. Cotton).. 104 3 2%3n 81 72 8 Blrkenruth 15 40
Time— :21%: -AS%, 1:15. 1:41. 1:4.1ft. At post 2 minutes. Off at 3:04%. Kelly place.
0-10: show. 2-5. Constellator. place, 2-5; show. 1-5. Achilles show, 4. Winner br.
m. by Apache-Play Toy. Trained by W. L. Stanfleld, Start good. Won in a drive of
two.- Third swerving badly. Kitty Kelly was good to-day. Constellator ran his race.
Achilles showed Improvement. Tom Slavin will do better with a rider up. Corbett
away poorly. ¦ ¦
C42». FOURTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds & up; to first, $325.
Index l._ Horiie a "d Owner. |Wt St. &. - %. %. Str. FinTl Jockey. Op. Cl.
44S2 jDouble Six, 5 (Follansbee)... 102 2 ... 11%1%1%12 Larsen 8-5 5-2
51!>:t iGlendennlng, 4 (Sink Jr.) 102 4 ... 2 % 23 22 2 % Foley ... 0-5 4-5
ftfOS [Albemarle. 3 (E. Tierney).... 10:5 3 ... 3 3 3 3%3 3 3 4 Hildebrand 5 8
(477C) Brennus, 3 (Judge &. Co.) 109 1 ... 4%4%42 4 2>A Sea 20 60
40S8 Ignaclo. 4 (P. C. Donaleche).. 110 8 ... 8 7 % 6 n.5 n" J.T. Sheehn 10 30
3077 Schwarzwald. 4 (Sshrelber). .. 108 6 ... 6n.fi 3 5 1%C « Otis 20 60
5121 ICMvoso. o (W. D. Randall) |IO5 5 ... 5 1%5 2%7 5 7 8 I Powell... 5 20
410:» jF. W. Brode. a (P. G. Lane)..|107 7 ... 7 4 8 8 8 Waterbury 20 30
Time— :2.".%, :4S»i, l:0C>i. At post 1 minute. Oft at 3:29%. Double Six, place, 4-5; show,
2-5. Glendenning. place, 1-3; show, 1-e. Albemarle. show, 4-5. Winner, b. m. by Domtno-
Uloamine. Trained by R. A. Smith. Scratched — Waterpower. Captivate, Tower of Can
dles, Egyptian Princess. Start good. Won handily. Next two driving. Double Six was
ready and led Glendenning a dog's life. Albemarle ran a good race. So did Brennus.
Too short for Ignacio.
5424. FIFTH RACE-r^even furlongs; selling; all ages; value to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner.\ |Wt|St. %. %. %. Str. Fin. | Jockey. I Op. Cl. ,
5413 Illowaho, 4 (H. Stover) Ill 3 3 n 6 1%6 2 3 % 1 h See ... «! 12
53» Heather Honey, 3 (Leach).... 104 5 5 % 5 1%5 n 6 5 2 h Henderson ..1 11-5 13-5
5321 St. Winifride. 3 (Sink Jr.) .. 00 4 1 2%1 6 13 12 3 % Foley I 5 in
(54011) Somenos. 3 (A. Josephs) ....112 4 4 %33 2n 2 2%4 5 J.Martin.. 5-2 ' 2
5370 Anirad. 2 (Mrs. Coffey) 80 1 2 »4 4 n 4 1%5 1 5 1% Cros«walte 10 25
5407 Glenarvon. 3 (W. Fisher) 112 7 fi % 2 h 3 2%4 n 6 5 W. Waldo J>-2 16^5
5301 Dorlce, 2 (B. Schreiber) 89 6 7 . 7 7 7 7 |McLaughln ( 7 8
Time — :23%, :47%, 1:14%, 1:27 U; At post 2% minutes. Off at 3:5(5. Illowaho. place 4
show^ 8-5. : Honey, place, 4-5; show, 2-5; Winifride, show. 6-5. Winner b h by Iro
<iuois-Sif. Jr. Trained by H. Stover. Scratched — Avenger, Lord Melbourne, 'start good
Won in a hard drive of three. See on winner rode well-judged race. Heather Honey was
best and with any sort of a ride could have won. Trifle too far for St Winifride
To much use was made of her at that. Weight on Somenos told at finish. ' Anlrad can
do better properly handled. Waldo should have waited with Glenarvon.
C425. SIXTH RACE— Mile and 50 yards; four-year-olds and upward ; value to 1st, $325.
Index .Horse and Owner. |Wt|St. V t . %~I %. Str. Fin. | Jockey. Op!! cT.
(5395) Horton. a (Biancht & Co.).. 112 2 8 8 8 7 4 1 n J Martlin 1 •>
5401 Rosarle. 4 (C. W. Chappelle).| 06 8 7 3%7 2%G % 5 % 2 % Hlldebrand 8 4
(5410) Redwald. 6 (Magrane & Co.). 104 4 3 2>*3 1%3 3 2 2 3 3 J Booker 5 4
5.-5S1 Silurian, 5 (Lamasney) .....104 6 41 4n 4n 4n 42 Foley " k «
(5407) Frank Woods. 6 (G. C Stable) 100 1 0 1 6 2 5 % 0 % 5 4 See ' **" ft i"
(5308) Rollick. 5 (M. Jones) 109 5 2 3%2 3 2 % 3 % « n OtM : ' V in
5407 Harry Thatcher, 6 (Hastings) 109 7 1 2%1 2%1 3 1 % 7 3 Donovan"" 20 loo
¦ 5387 jBllly Moore, ti (T. T. Rector) 99 3 5 n 5 1%7 2. 8 8 Kunz ...I.! 7 8
Time— :24i4, :48%, 1:41%. l:40?i, 1:43%. At post 1 minute. Off at 4:25%. Horton place
4-5; show. 2-5. Rosarie. place, 8-5; show, 7-10. Redwald. show 3-5. Winner ch h bv
El Rayo- Fusillade's Last. Trained by,O. A. Blanch!. Start' perfect Won In a ve-y
hard drive of three. Horton etumbled at start and looking hopelessly out of it drot>
' ped from the clouds. Redwald badly bumped on first turn by Harry Thatcher But
for this he would have won. Rollick quit while going easy. Moore fearfully handled
NEW YORK. Dec. 7.— On petition of the
creditors a receiver ' has I been appointed for
the Oilseeds Pressinff Company. It ; is claimed
that the company owes $165,000. •
California calendars, poppy, poinsettia,
redwood,. burnt wood, yucca.' etc., now on
sale. Sanborn, Vail & Co. r * ,
WASHINGTON, Dec. - 7. — The funeral of
former Representative: William M. Springer of
Illinois was held at the Metropolitan eMthodlst
Episcopal Church to-day. There was a large
attendance, Includlnc many members of Con
gress. . ¦ .¦..,-. :, ¦ .. .-.'
Olympic Club • Handball.
The soft-ball tournament at. the
Olympic Club attracted a large, crowd
last night. Henry S. Russ . defeated
Tom . Powers two straight games.
Scores— 21-4. 21-2. H. W. Bogan beat
A. Pockwitz after: a, hard struggle.
Three games were necessary. Scores—
21-20, 13-21, 21-13. This afternoon
Magee. and Bain will play Lauisson
and Converse.
WASHINGTON. I»ec. 7. — Efforts to conduct
a second trial of the Lansley aerodrome to-day
¦were abandoned on account o? a, stiff, breeze.
London Imports Increase.
LONDON, Dec. 7.— The November
statement of the Board of Trade shows
an increase of $18,027,500 in Imports and
a decrease of $8,052,000 In exports.
r . PEKING. Dec. . 7.— Foreign public
opinion regarding the Supao prisoners,
charged >with. sedition, has penetrated
the Forbidden City-- and 'orders were
sent to; Shanghai that' the prosecution
should ;demand only Might punish
ments ; in ; the cases of the three lesser
offenders. ' The Government -thus
hoped . to . vindicate ; itself from the
charges that the editors would; have
Dowager Empress to Deal, Leniently
With the Supao Editors. '
YIELDS TO FOREIGN OPINION.
. According to the latest report it ap
pears that the Chinese representative
in L'Hassa; the capital 'of Thibet, who
was ordered to meet the British mis
sion at'! Khama- Jong, Thibet, com
mitted'suicide; the official who re
placed him^ died on his way to-the
British • camp,' and the Thibetan • rep
resentative,,who eventually arrived at
the British: camp, claiming, to: be an
official ¦ from L'Hassa, proved to be an
{unimportant person from an ancient
village.
LONDON, Dec; 7.— It was announc
ed to-day that" Colonel Younghusband
and Colonel MacDonald, leaders of
the British expedition to Thibet, in
support of the : British mission, - have
reached Darjiting, Nepal, and expect
to start the expedition immediately
for the Chumbi Valley.
Expedition Will Proceed at Once to
the Chumbi Valley.
BRITISH ADVANCE IN THIBET
PEKING, Dec. 7.— Prominent officials
•^b«Te assejt that China is concluding an
agreement with Russia for the govern
ment of Manchuria. It is expected that
the arrangement will include most of
Russia's supplementary terms for the
evacuation and will nominally confirm
Chinese sovereignty, while giving Rus
sia an advisory share in the govern
ment, i -
During the recent palace conferences
three plans were discussed— whether' to
fight Russia, appeal to friendly nations
for assistance or settle with Russia on
the best terms obtainable. The first
plan was dismissed as suicidal. The
second failed. Since, then" China has
been unable to suggest, and the United
States and Japan, to which she ap
pealed, have been unable to see any
practical steps to be taken. Therefore
the third plan was adopted.
Concluding Agreement With
Bussia for the Government
- of ¦¦¦ Provinces of Manchuria
WASHINGTON, Dec. 7. — Josephine
E. Henry.a widow pensioner of Boston,
has requested that the Commissioner
of Pensions discontinue her pension,
and he has done so. In submitting the
request she says: "I had some money
left me, sufficient for my support, and
I did not" feel that it was right to draw
the pension under those circumstances,
and I ;gave it up of my own* free will,
not beting willing to swear that I was
dependent on my daily labor. If at any
time my income Is reduced so that it
comes within the law\l shall ask to b«
restored to the pension rolls."
Does Xot Want Uncle
Sam's 3Ioney. '
Boston Woman lias Sufficient and
WIDOW OF VETERAN"
GIVES BACK PEXSIOX
CHINA YIELDS
TO THE CZAR
Wages paid street car men in the
United States annually amount to more
than $88,000,000.
third. Time. 1:16 2-5. '
Fifth race, six and a half furlongs-
Bard of Avon won, « Balm of Gilead
second, Alpaca third. Time, i 1:23 1-5.
Sixth race, ' six and a half furlongs-
Macbeth won, Emma AM. second,
Baronet third. Time, 1:24.
Horsc3 First to the Wire on the New
Orleans . Track.
NEW ORLEANS, La.. Dec. 7.—Cres
cent City results: ...
First race, five furlongs— Sea , Shark
won, Diaphanous second, King's Coun
sel third. Time, 1:03 1-5.
Second race, mile. and a sixteenth-
Ben Chance won, Aladdin second,
Fairbury third. Time, 1:62 2-5.
Third race, one mile— Mamselle won,
Sarah Maxim second, Free Admission
third. Time, 1:45.
Fourth race, six furlongs— Cyprienne
won, Worthlngton second. Aggie Lewis
CRESCENT CITY WINNERS
Sha-w.
Third race — Maresa, The Tog, Orosini.
Fourth race — Dr. Bernays, Chub, Ex
pedient.
Fifth race — E. M. Brattain, Martinmas,
Escalante.
Sixth raoe — Arabo, Allopath, Dolly
Hayman. v-'y
- P3OBAELE WIITNERS.
First race — Handpress, Sir Christo
pher, Madame Bishop.
Second race — Judge, Instructor, X*. E.
• Sixth race — Mile and seventy yards; 3-year
olds and up; purse:
5418 Jockey Club (W. Klsher) .107
C'tM) Byron Rose (R. Wilson) .105
Dollle Hayman (W. Md-emore) <.104
B.%8 Arabo (Jennings & CO.) ..'..V; 107
5417 Dupont (G. B. Morris) ...104
5417 Ishtar (A. Josephs) .-. 105
5404 Allopath (L,emasney Bros.) ..105
•Apprentice allowance. •*
S418 Martinmas (C. Henshall) 105
K50S *Uapldus <M. J. Daly) 97
ft'lSS »Hee ves (Lemasney Bros.) 101
40S7 Dora I (T. Willman) 102
Kl»7 Nervator (Boots & Hollenbeck)... ..10O
KI9S Quiet (H. E. Rowell) 108
6394 Escalante (C. H. Patten) .114
541S 'Captivate (P. Hildreth) 97
r.418 Headwater (H. Jones & Co.) lOti
5412 Aunt Polly (Graffort '& Co.) 102
(5418) tT" M. Brattain (J. Mlllln) ...108
been barbarously treated if they had
been surrendered to the Chinese au
thorities.
SHANGHAI. Dec. 7. — The trial be
fore the mixed court hera of the em
ployes of the Chinese local paper Su
pao, charged with having written se
ditious articles, was concluded to-day.
One of the prisoners was released and
in the cases of three others judgment
was reserved. Another of the defend
ants who was associated with the re
bellion in Hankow during the year
1900 is awaiting a decision of his ap
peal for trial on the latter charge be
fore the mixed court..
BOSTON. Dec. 7. — A petition in bankruptcy
wa« filed to-day by Frank G. Coburx, con
tractor and builder of Brookline, with llabili
ttes estimated at $226,448 an., no assets.
BOSTON, Dec. ".—The failure of Dennett
Bros. & Co.. brokers of this city, was an
nounced on the Stock Hxchange to-day. The
firm recently succeeded that of Dennett.
Crane & Blanchard. The failure Is said to be
of no ureat importance.
OMAHA, Nebr.. Dec. 7. — The Federal Grand
Jury to-day b^gan an investigation of the of
fice of the adjutant general of Nebraska In
connection with the appropriations to reim
burse the Government for blankets supplied
to the State penitentiary after the lire at tnat
institution two years ago.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 7.— Mr. Russell.
American Charge at Caracas, cables the State
Department that the port of Tucacas has been
opened to forelitn trade.
WASHINGTON, D«c. 7. — Among postmas
ters who failed of confirmation at the extra
session was Frank M. Rutherford of Truckee,
California. >%>>"-.
MADRID. Dec. 7. — A law compelling- m*>n
to vote is included In the legislation the new
Cabinet intends to introduce.
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
"No." said the Modern Micawber, '"I
have no employment just at present.
But I have recently been In consulta
tion with some prominent New York
capitalists, who take very kindly to my
latest, biggest and surest scheme. The
idea is that people who own property
own the rights and privileges of the
air above it. clear up to i the beginning
of ethereal space. These 1 rights will be
asserted when aerial navigation shall
have become an assured fact— as who
can say it hasn't?— and then it will
be necessary to possess the atmospheric
right of wa^ over the country. I have
the promise from these New York capi
talists of the superintendency of their
corps of right of way purchasers as
soon as the first airship syndicate shall
have been formed." — Baltimore Ameri
can.
A Modern Micawber.
Gun Making in China,
A correspondent of the Lahore Civil
•ind Military Gazette visited one of the
Chinese arsenals and thus put down his
impressions: "Finally we were taken,
among other places, to the great-Chin
ese arsenal some way beyond treaty
limits, where every form of munition
of war, from rifles to forty-five ton
suns, was being made. We wandered
through a wilderness of factories, cov
ering acres of ground, and were shown
the whole proces. of manufacture. And
there were powder factories and other
institutions not far away which we had
no tirr.e to visit. 'Jhat was, perhaps,
the most significant experience of all.
You may have seen gun factories be
fore, but have you seen a place turning
out great guns by the dozen, and ma
chine guns by the hundred, perfect In
design and construction, run, from
cooly to head mandarin, entirely, by
Chinese, and with only a couple of
Englishmen engaged solely in consulta
tive supervision? Have you seen a
roomful of Chinese draughtsmen and
designers in pigtails ,and blue gowns
Folemnly, stolidly and assiduously get
ting out the drawings for a new gun?
It is a Eight that furnishes food for
thought. And as you leave you ask
yourself the question: 'If these men
can make guns, why may they not
work them some day?" " — Brooklyn
The Chancellor is glad to be able to
communicate this message to the
American friends of the Emperor.
BERLIN," Dec. 7.— Chancellor von
Bulow, in view of the alarming re
ports abroad concerning Emperor Wil
liam's health and in response to a
message of sympathy from American
friends of the Emperor, authorizes the
Associated Press to express his sin
cere thanks for the good wishes of his
imperial majesty. - The : Chancellor
brought the messages to the Emperor's
knowledge and authorizes the Asso
ciated Press to say that the Emperor
expressed his pleasure over these tes
timonies of sympathy.
Chancellor von Bulow is willing that
the Associated Press should name him
as authority for the statement that the
Emperor's recovery has progressed
naturally and uninterruptedly, that the
Emperor's condition Is excellent, and
that he. feels very well. The continued
issuance of bulletins is regarded as
superfluous, the attendance of physi
cians is regarded as really no longer
necessary and there is not the slight
est occasion for concern.
I .
Chancellor Yon Issues
Bulletin Concerning Messages
From the United States
A convicted bookmaker is at once ex
pelled by the organized members of the
latter body, known throughout the
country for Its disciplinary methods
with persona alleged to have violated
racing ethics, who would naturally
come within its control. This was dojie
with a bookmaker connected with the
Wax Taper case. He was expelled and
his seat sold to the highest bidder, he,
of course, receiving the proceeds of the
sale.
It was. however, argued by some to
day that a member of the' Metropolitan
Turf Association who earns expulsion
should thereby forfeit his seat in the
Bookmakers* Association and the price,
realized should go to the sinking fund.
Xo Xcw Developments.
There were no fresh developments in
the turf scandal yesterday. President
Thomas H. "Williams said that if any
of the disgraced riders wish to appear
before the stewards and admit their
guilt their reinstatement would be im
mediately considered. Many are of the
opinion that Bookmaker Jim Davis has
not strengthened his case by acknowl
edging that John Condon and Clarence
Waterhouse held an interest in his
book. They are at a loss to figure why
keen and shrewd as the California pen
cller is and possessed of ample means
to go it single handed, did he wish to
give a piece of the book to Messrs Con
don and Waterhouse? «
Davis is a member of the Metropoli
tan Turf Association, and the question
among men about town was as to
whether the California Jockey Club of
ficials would submit the proofs alleged
to be in their possession to the Jockey
Club officials here and to the executive
committee of the Metropolitan Turf
Association.
NEW YORK, Dec. 7.— In racing, cir
cles to-day the chief topic of conversa
tion was the ruling off in California of
the well-known bookmaker, James
Davis, and three jockeys who have
been riding at the Oakland track since
racing opened there for the season on
November 14.
Davis made books on the Eastern ra'ce
courses during the last season and,
while successful, had not attracted
criticism either from his associate
bookmakers or from those extraordi
narily acute ring generals who are al
ways on the lookout for men laying
against alleged "dead 'uns."
Special Dispatota to Th©' Call,
ly careless practical joker in the audi
ence lit a paper under a sleeping man's
<hair and shouted -Fire." Several
hundred persons on that side of the
garden rushed In panic from their seats
and breaking through the guard rail
fell and 6lid down the steep sides of
the wooden trade, a number of the
ilying riders having close escapes from
«*ollisions. Keferee Reeves immediately
ordered the riders to dismount and suc
ceeded in stopping them before the
loaders reached the struggling maes on
the track. In the galleries the cry of
fire caused great excitement, but after
several minutes order was restored and
the race resumed.
The whirlwind pace set at the outset
of the race was slackened after the
•withdrawal rar!y to-day of Kramer and
Tenn. who went in to pace the first
!~,S miles, and at 1:10 a. m. the leaders.
• ho had finished 225 miles and two
liips, were nearly a mile behind the
record. A number of falls took place
during the day, the most serious acci
dent being that in which Bowler, Sim«r
:;nd McLean went down, McLean laps
ing to unconFciousness and being un
able to continue. His teammate. Mor
gan, continued the race for several
liours alone, but could find no partner
and the team was withdrawn.
All the other teams at 10 o'clock were
well bunched, except Hedspeth and
Dove, the colored riders, who had been
lapped repeatedly.
Simar was taken sick about 9 o'clock
and retired. Gougoltz then announced
That he would team with Rettick of
the German team. Beaugendrie, Ret
tick's partner, having announced his
intention of quitting.
The leaders' score at midnight were:
rtettick-Beaugenderie, *488.7: Breton
«'ontenet. 4S9.3; Samson- Vanderstuyf,
<S»; Butler- Leander. 4SS.3; Krebs-Pe
terson, 4S9.2; Jacobson-Newkirk, 4S9.3. j
NEW YORK, Dec. 7.— Serious results
were narrowly averted in a panic at
the six -day bicycle race in Madi«on-
Garden to-day when a criminal-
The Question of a referee will soon
5?i n er^ he pal " Hanl °" is opposed to
ShM™ 11^ W ,?,"f Corbe «'i3 satisfied
jvitn him. It will be remembered th-t
Graney refereed their first battle and
after twenty rounds of hari flghtin?
declared it a draw. Hanlon Is of th^
opinion that he was entitled to a de
cision.
Young Corbett and Eddie Hanlon
have begun hard work for their battle
on December 29 In Mechanics' Pavilion
under the auspices of the Hayes Val
ley Athletic Club. Corbett Is quartered
at Sheehan's and is being looked after
by Harry Tuthill. The little champion
Is six or seven pounds overweight, but
anticipates no trouble in making 1*3
pounds. He says he wni take no
chances this time, but will enter the
ring in shape to give Hanlon a hard
and fast battle. Eddie is working over
at Croll's and has also started hard
training.
CORBETT A.VD HANLOX.
The Colma Club has arranged excel
lent car service this time. A special
train will leave for the battle ground
at 7:30 p. m. Street cars will also carry
ring-goers to the door. The seating
arrangements will be much better this
time.
Jack Johnson Is favorite over Sandy
Ferguson in their coming contest. This
is their second meeting. Johnson won
before and hopes to repeat his Victory.
Ferguson has Improved in his work,
lie- is a husky fellow and can take a
beating. He has been in training for
the last three weeks and Is in shaoe.
Johnson has been at work in West
Oakland and is ready to put up a ter
rific battle. He advises his friends to
bet on him, as he feels confident he
will win. W« ,;
On Thursday night the Lincoln
Athletic Club will give its regular
monthly boxing exhibition. The main
event will be a four-round go between
Frank Mannasso and "Mick" Dunne,
two heavyweights. Mannasso resem
bles Jeffries. He has fought a number
of battles and is the making of a good
man. Dunn showed two or three times
at the San Francisco Athletic Club and
his whirlwind work always won him
the trophy. The pair have been in
training and should put up. a fast fight.
The other bouts are as follows:
Joe Larkin vs. Jack Burke, 133
pounds; Will Grady vs. Willie Friel,
110 pounds; Dick Richards vs. Jack
Gomer3al. 113 pounds; Jack Bradshaw
vs. Joe Kelly, 125 pounds.
Milton Hayes will referral! bouts.
AM ATETTRS TO BOX.
This will be a busy week for follow
ers of the fighting game. Threa exhi
bitions are scheduled for this city and.
surrounding counties. To-night Billy
Otts and Toby' Irwln are to battle
before the' Reliance Athletic Club. Oa
Thursday night the Lincoln Athletic
Club gives an excellent amateur box-
Ing exhibition, and on Friday night
the Colma Athletic Club win bring off
a twenty-round bout between Jack
Johnson and Sandy Ferguson.
Otts and Irwin battled aome months
ago and Otts won. Irwin was having
the better of the battle, but had to
stop, because his jaw was broken
early in the fight, and every time he
received a touch on the Injured face
he suffered great pain. Irwln has re
covered and is in splendid shape. Ha
is training .at Croll's. Alameda. Harry
Foley te looking after him. Irwin will
have "Spider" Kelly, Harry Foiey and
Eddie Hanlon In his corner to-night.
Otts has been preparing for the bat
tle at Sheehan's. He Is in fine fix and
expects to win again. He is a good
two-handed fighter and has many vic
tories to his credit. Otts is a 10 to 8
favorite. The "Rockrollers" from
Telegraph Hill will back Irwin to win.
and the betting is likely to be even
when the pair step into the ring. A
big crowd will cross the bay to-night
to see the mill.
KAISER GROWS
BETTER DAILY
MINNEAPOLIS, Dec. 7.— Information
regarding the - post-season football
gan^e for Minnesota was made public
by Manager Barnard to-day. A month
ago negotiations were opened between
the Minnesota management and the
promoters on the Pacific Coast for a
football game. Terms, could not be
agreed upon and the affair , was
dropped. Recently negotiations were
again quietly opened which culminated
in an agreement whereby Dr. Williams
is to take his football players to San
Francisco to play the University of
California on New Year's day.
Two years ago Coach Yost took the
Michigan team west and they defeated
the Pacific Coast champions 43 to 0.
The polo game was played last year,
but it did not. draw well and it was
consequently decided to have a foot
ball game again this year.
The Minnesota players will take light
practice In the armory every day and
also do a little outdoor running to im
prove their wind.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Fourth race— One and an eighth miles;
4-vear-olds and up; selling:' .¦¦¦¦¦
. 0416 Invictus (Mrs." Gabriel) 100
(5408)lllowaho (W. II.. Ketcheman).. -....-;: 110
5413 Expedient (P. E., Smith) ;1O2
5410 The Ledaean (Boots & Hollenbeck) ..103
5330 Arthur Ray (Clayton & Co.) ...io:s
5380 Marello (J. Qulnlan) ,..;.,.;........ 103
6419 *E1 Oriente.(W.J. Solera) ....... • us
<5416)Silver. Fizz (G. L-anka) . . . . ....... . . .107
5413 "Chub <Pelter & Co.) ..... :....:.::. 100
<5413)Dr. • Bernays (W. Fisher) "..":... ... . . ; 107
5424 •Blessed Damozel (C. W. Chappelle)..-9.V
64CS Tononah (E. Shiff) ..... . . . . .... . ... . 100
Fifth race — Six furlongs; 3-year-olds and ud
•¦ellins: .. •. • : ..•-.. .
¦6381 »Colonel Van (D. 8., Fountain) ......105,
Third race— Futurity course, 3-year-olds and
up; selling:
5412 *Maresa (R. E. Dolan) 05
5401 Rinaldo (Slskiyou Stable) 105
5300 'Mountebank (Keating & Co.) 100
5384,'ThtEbe (McCoy & Co.) ......100
53»0 Oscar Tolle (Klunder & Burns) .. los
5412 Sal lie Goodwin <Lee Francis) 100
64K5 "Alice Carey (S. McN'aughton) '.% 95
5370 'The Foe ( W. B. Sink) ; ....... 103
5374 Orostus (Buckley & Donaleche) ...... {>s
5412 My Surprise (W. Rogers) ....101
5374 Idogo (J. Ruf our) .,..105
Second race — Five and a half furlongs • 2
year-olds; relllns:
5385 'Silent Water (R. : A." Smith) .... 07
5307 *L.ustig (B. Schreiber) :...;. ..103
MU2 Instructor (Elmwood \ Farm) .... "113
5391 The Cure ( W. Fisher) .".". 10 5
Ml 5 Ananias U. F. Schorr) ........... 105
5C61 George Berry ( J. J. BoettlKer) 113
5409 •Effervescence (J. Coff ey) ..........•' 05
5403 Judge (M. J. Daly) .. .. 113
.... Andrew B. Cook(W. D. Kerr).... 103
<6385)»F. E. Shaw (W.B. Sink) .'los
53S5. Punctilio. (Jennings &-Co.) .."......:. 100
:>:>"> Mirw Ringlets (T. G. Ferguson) 102
The Antrim Stock Farm yearlings
were sold at the Occidental Horse Ex
change last evening and brought only
fair prices. A bay colt by Herald-My
Badge, knocked down to A. Josephs for
5500, brought the top price. L. A. Bon
sack paid $300 for a. bay or brown filly
by Imp. Kismet, and Charles Murry
picked up a filly by Kismet-Ona for
$275.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race — Futurity course; 3-year-olds and
up; selline:
5412 Milan (J. A. Hanna) ..... \ m
5398 Hlpponax (Berry. & Co.). ..... """lOO
5412 Handpress <W. P. Magrane & Co.)!!'.'.'lo:j
*>:{!><; 'Madam Bishop (J. T. Strite) 100
53S8 Theodora L (P. E. Smith) 95
535)6 »Sir Christopher (B. Schreiber) . ... " 95
539S Lurene <\V. R. Pritchard) 'loo'
5.T78 Yellowstone '(W. P. Fine) ' 103
5310 »Maud Sherwood (B. Cameron) . . . . " 90
5378 Our Pride (S. P. Tate) loo
5332 Little Maritawt (C. Young:) .... * 07
53S4 Adirondack (H. L. Shannon) ..,.* 95
JL»n Neil lost his shifty sprinter Mike
Murphy .yesterday, .After reeling off
three furlongs Mn 26 seconds the gelding
dropped dead on the track. «
When questioned regarding a match
race, Tobe Ramsey, trainer of Hora
tiu3, signified his perfect willingness to
pit the three-year-old against Divina
at the same weights as carried by each
in the handicap on Saturday last." The
association will hangup a purse of $500.
and a telegram was sent to Jo Terry
at Sacramento last night stating such
to be the facts and that he could be
accommodated with a side wager of
$2500. The Sacramento turfman issued
the defl. and if the match* is made it
"will be run to-morrow.
Double Six ran in the colors of the
wealthy New York turfman, Jack Fol
lansbee. Bob Smith had the mare ready
first rattle- out of the box, just as he
did last season.
The stable C. C. McCafferty brought
from Latonia comprises the following
horses: Fair Lady Anna, Quizz II, Eda
Riley, Chicakdee, Flaneura, Mr. Far
num, Antolee and Sim W.
George Berry, superintendent of Napa
Stock Farm, was a visitor at the track
yesterday.
Tommy Burns leaves Chicago for
California*Wednesday night, reaching
here Sunday. Leslie Coggins says he
will take Tommy up to Shasta County
for a week to inspect their lumbering
interests.
Charley McCafferty let his colored
rider, Solomon Bc-nner, take a run down
to his home in South Carolina before
coming to California. He will reach
here in about a week.
Starter Jake Holtman was at the
track yesterday.
XQTKS OF TIIE TRACK.
Looking over the entries in the mile
and fifty-yard selling number, Con
stellator appeared to have fallen into
a soft spot. But, at odds of even
money, he. trailed in behind Kitty
Kelly, which mare was well played at
2^ to 1. Achilles, a 40 to 1 shot, was
third.
Bob Smith had Double Six tuned to
concert pitch first time out, and in
the five and a half furlong sprint the
Domino mare made Glendenning show
the white feather. The latter gelding
had first call, backed from V to 5 to*
4 to 5, and was outfooted from the
first Jump and downed cleverly by two
lengths in l:06>i. Albemarle ran a very
fair race, finishing third.
Somenos, from the Josephs stable,
was the next favorite to fall by the
wayside. The three-year-old closed a
2 to 1 chance for the seven-furlong
selling affair next decided, but got no
piece of the purse. Foley. who rode
*St. Winifride. made too much early
use of the filly or she would have won.
Tiring with the wire in sight, she was
headed by both Illowaho and Heather
Honey, the former getting a head de
cision. The winner was 12 to 1 in the
ring. , . *
Bill Massie was installed favorite for
the introductory seven-furlong selling
affair, but Quite evidently the track
was too hard tor him, and he finished
fourth. In a driving finish, Hilde
brand, on the 6 to 1 chance. El Piloto,
reached the wire first, beating Tele
phone out a length. Elie, at 15 to 1, was
third.
On a previous excellent run, 8 to 5
looked a fair price about Dargin to
take the five-furlong dash for maiden
two-year-olds and 2Vss to 1 was obtain
able. Otis had the mount on the
Schreiber entry, and succeeded in land
ing him an easy first over Instrument
and Harbor.
The racing at Oakland yesterday
could practically be called featureless,
excepting, possibly, the remarkable
stretch run made by Ilorton in the last
race of the afternoon, a mile and firty
yard run. Even money was the first
quotation chaiked against th« Burns
handicap winner of rjiKJ. but such a
spirited play developed on Hosarie and
Uedwald that' the favorite's odds
lengthened to 2 to 1. At the start, or
soon after the barrier was sprung,
Ilorton stumbled and, as Harry
Thatcher led the field Into the back
stretch, the first choice looked hope
lessly out of it. Even when the stretch
for home was reached his chances
looked blue, but Jack Martin squeezed
through openings no wider than lence
cracks and, in a 'lierce drive, beat
Kosarle a head on the wire. Kedwald,
which looked a winner an eighth of a
mile from the stand, ran a close third.
Fine weather attracted a large
crowd, and business was brisk in the
ring. Besides Horton, Barney Schrei
ber's Dargin was Xhe only other favor
ite to earn brackets.
Hundreds of Persons Rush
From Building and Many Are
Caught in. Jam and Injured
Hanlon and Corbett Preparing
for Their Coming Bout for
Championship of the World
Eastern Players Are Engag
ing in Light Practice for
'Their Coming Game in West
Will Be Expelled From the
Metropolitan Association and
Membership Sold at Auction
JOKE CAUSES TROUBLE
LINCOLN CLUB CONTESTS
PLANS ABE NOW COMPLETE
STATUS OF JAMES DAVIS
Double Six Makes Her First Appearance- This Season and
Downs Glendenning in Fast Time— Illowaho Scores at
Odds of 12 to 1— Kitty Kelly Disposes of Constellator
Ruling: Off of Bookmaker and
Jockeys Arouses Great In
terest in New York Turfdom
Lads From Minnesota Will
Come to California to Try
Conclusions With Berkeley
Otts and Irtvin Are Trained
and Ready to Put Up a Fast
Battle in Oakland To-Night
Sensational Incident Disturbs
the Six-Day Bicycle Eacc
in Madison Square Garden
EAST WATCHES
TURF SCANDAL
HORTON MAKES A PARACHUTE JUMP,
DEFEATING ROSARIE A SHORT NECK
CRY OF "FIRE"
CAUSES PANIC
MORE FOOTBALL
ON NEW TEAR'S
THREE FIGHTS
ON THE CARDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, .DECEMBER 8, ,1903.
RACETRACK HAPPENINGS AND GENERAL NEWS OF THE SPORTING WORLD
10
"¦ . ADVEBTISEMENTS.
A POOR. CRUTCH. <^^M
Experience is a dear teacher, as those who pin their /^j/j^^Iv^W
faith to Mercury find out sooner or later. This power- (i|SK^( |S f
ful : poison combined with Potash, is the treatment gen- L\ Wi
crally prescribed for Contagious Blood Poison, but failure 791 /\ \ 'w
and disappointment is the invariable result. These min- gf*-J >«w vl
erals drive in the sofces and eruptions, and apparently the /w^//j^J?k >
disease is gone and the patient believes the cure perma- /^FA^^^^jj^
nent, but soon learns better when the old symptoms ?= *^|
return almost as soon as the treatment is left off. You*
must either keep the system saturated with mercury or endure the tortures
of sore mouth, ulcera Jed throat and the mortification that one naturally
" feels when the body is covered with disgusting sores, rashes" , copper-colored
splotches and other aggravating symptoms of this vile disease.
Mercury and Potash are poor crutches, and their use eventually breaks
down the constitution, ruins the digestion arid cause the bones to decay.
'"^m*J ' y*-m^ •"¦""s s - s - S. , a guaranteed purely vegetable remedy, is the
|j^M f^^l r^| only antidote for Contagious Blood Poison. It de-
V^V J^^ Vi^ stfoys every atom of the deadly virus, overcomes the
C^J X^rJ K^rJ bad effectsof the mercury and cleanses the blood and
t*-^ /^"'^ mm^ system so thoroughly that never after are any sign3
of ; the disease seen. Nor is the taint ever transmitted to others.
Wf. will send free our book on Contagious Blood Poison, which is inter-
] esting and contains full directions for treating yourself at home. Medical
advice or any special information desired given without charge.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA.-,
. ADVEBTISEMElfTS.
iOcooooco©e6©c©o©©5ooeoea©<?s©oec0©oGee9©©oGoo
THB ONLY WAY f
T?it!,XthrbJ5h7,i,!r^M f the nen-es and vital organs is Electricity. ©
I^/U^W^'t^n^wn 0^^ iL^il^^l^TiJ, 'XS.S'S 8 * 000 •
DR. 'MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT ©
miliflli
pKffl«ffiS§«iii i
iVTv* 1<lr n J ovelnent oi the bowels, something I have not had ff.Tr ait^n yearT ®
I tak* pleasure In recommending your Belt. Yours very truly y -" ©
No matter what ail, you. th.« is a «re &wt*Su&f^g^&*£ a ; w |
The greatest cures on record have been performed by thisfamou? B*iT and u l* 2
recognized to-day as the greatest remedial agent known to mankind It cww?'J^^ •
form of weakiwas. rertores the fire and vigor of youth cure, all form. J? r ©
Disease* Kidney and Bladder Troubles. luJLuoiu-S?. SctaUcV^vStoirie il^'- •
SS^SST v*"* 1 * 1 ™'^ «««T other known"* W «W ¦ JSSSl g
I cive a test free t» all who call. If you can't call I will u»nri *ymi m» v.....<« ¦ - ' •
Illustrated book. witi. fuU information fr*e. «l lor wriTe nowl S?a™ delay *
Dr. M. G. McLavghlin/^^li^Hm- |
Hours— 8 a. m. to 8 p. xn.: Sundays, 10 to 1. 9
scoQooooooocoeeeoooGocsooeGoeaeccooGaeffio^*©James L. * Mulr,' who , assaulted . a po
liceman whom his wife, a ; prof essional
fortune teller, had 1 enlisted to protect
her from her husband's; expected vio
lence while on her way home, was fined
$5 yesterday by Justice • Cabaniss , after
the Insanity Commission had reported
San Francisco Division No. 3 of the
Uniform Rank,. Knights of the Maccar
bees, will give a t dancing social In its
armors*, 2S Golden Gate avenue, to
morrow evening. The "committee In
charge ha3 arranged a good programme
of dances for that evening.
Mnccabee Social.
Lincoln Lodge of the Friends of the
Forest will have Its annual banquet In
Its lodgeroom in the A. O. F. building
to-night All the members of the lodge
have signified their intention of being
present, and it is expected . that tfiere
will be an evening of unalloyed
pleasure.
Lincoln's Annual Banquet.
Fred Osterholt, a sailor, was arrest
ed at an early hour yesterday morn
ing by W. H. White, night watchman
at the premises of the "VVeston Basket
Company, Third and King, streets, on
a charge of burglary. . Osterholt had
broken a window and crawled into the
place. He was discovered by White,
who turned him over to Policeman W.
Smith. . - , -....
Accused of Burglary.
Policeman J. M. Nelson, whose beat
is the most select portion of the Bar
bary Coast, has made an exhaustive
study of the habits of the genus va
grant, and in the police courts he is
looked upon and freely cited as an au
thority on all matters pertaining to
persons who manage to live without
apparent legitimate means of support.
So, when he appeared before Judge Ca
baniss'yesterday as the complaining
witness against John A. McQuillan,
whom, hie had arrested for begging, his
testimony was listened to with an at
tention and respect seldom bestowed In
such cases.. ' .
' "To; what particular "branch of the
profession does . he belong?" Inquired
the court, addressing the policeman
and looking at the Hooligan-like make
up of the defendant. "How do you
classify him?" .
"He's a double-barreled bum drunk,"
was the prompt answer.
"Sixty days," quoth the court.
Dora Cramer Is seeking a divorce
from Frank O. Cramer for failure to
provide. ¦ •
Judge Hunt granted Clinton D. Hakes
an Interlocutory decree of divorce from
Glenora Hakes. She left Hakes more
than a year ago.
Maud E. Fulham, who was wedded
on December 7, 1900, filed a suit yester
day for divorce against Leo H. Fulham
on the ground of cruelty. She ask3 per
mission to resume her maiden name
Markley.
David Smith wants a divorce" from
Edith Smith on the ground of desertion
They were married July 11, 1898
Cruelty is alleged in the divorce com
plaints filed by Annie Johnson against
Andrew Johnson and Josie s Goldman
against Louie Goldman. v - -
The Divorce Court.
James Murray, a peddler, 65 years
old. died suddenly yesterday morning
in the Llndell House, 202 Sixth street-
Death was due to natural causes..
Sudden Death of James 3Iurray.
' Perhaps you should not play poker,
but if you do we have the cards and
chips, loose or put up In elegant cases
that will make the game a pleasure; also
plain and fancy dice, game counters tal
ly cards, etc. Sanborn, Vail & Co. •
Servia and Greece each have a popula
tion of 2,500.000. or a little less than the
State of Indiana.
J. Tysma, a globe-trotting Hollander,
was inspecting the local Tenderloin
last Friday night, when he ran afoul
of a siren who induced him to purchase
liquid ¦ refreshments. In Judge Ca
baniss' Court, yesterday, he stated
that he ordered a bottle of beer, for
which he expected to pay not more
than 50 cents, but instead of beer he
was served with a quart of champagne
—or some sort of a beverage masquer
ading under that title — and when it
came to a question of paying for the
same, the lady who served It insisted
that ha owed her $10. His vigorous
protest led to his arrest, and in his
possession was found a small pistol
of Amsterdam manufacture, which the
policeman handled with ostentatious
contempt, as he held it up for. the in
spection of the court.
"I don't propose to have this court
made a collection agency for the con
venience of ladies who serve alleged
champagne when- beer. Is the" tipple
ordered," said the Judge, "but I must
frown- upon the carrying in conceal
ment of a pistol— even such an innocu
ous looking pistol as is here exhibited.
You are fined $10." .
As the tourist from the land of dykes
paid the fine he was overheard ex
pressing regret that he had not paid
the price demanded for the fizzless de
coction that was the basis of his diffi
culty. Xr.y.ib!: — -- .
Charles Alpers, manufacturer, was
arrested yesterday morning on a war
rant charging him with perjury and
was locked up in the City Prison. The
complaining witness is F. H. Haus
man. who was arrested on complaint
of Alpers on the felony charge of dis
posing of real property twice. Alpers
alleged that Hausman had executed
a deed to the property to him which
had not been recorded and subse
quently executed a deed to the same
property to J. J. Rauer. The case was
dismissed by Police Judge Fritz on
November 21. The alleged perjury
was committed by Alpers when he
swore to the complaint against Haus
man.
Hausman Hits Back.
Josephine Wlnshlp was found guilty
by Judge Cabaniss of robbing Eugene
Duffey of $40, despite her plea that she
had "only $5 to her name" when a po
liceman searched her, the same officer
subsequently testifying that he had
caught her in the act of concealing two
$20 pieces and a $5 coin. To show that
.he entertained no. doubt at all as to
Josephine's culpability, the court or
dered that the $40 be turned over to
Eugene, which , was done with all due
legal formality.' "
Mr. Duffey testified that he had de
posited the two golden eagles In a cigar
box which lay upon a shelf in his
apartment, to which Mrs. Wlnshlp had
free access at all times: that when he
missed the money he at once suspected
her of having pilfered it, and that he
notified a policeman of his loss, with
the result stated.
Mrs. Winshlp will be. sentenced to
day.
" A troupe of twelve Dalmatian swords
men, en route to the World's Exposition
at St. Louis, has been secured by the
management to appear at the concerts
of Ellery's Royal Italian Band at the Al
harabra Theater on Friday, Saturday and
Sunday nights and Sunday matinee as an
additional attraction to the band concerts.
The organization gives "The Moresca," a
sensational musical drill and sword com
bat representing a tournament between
the ancient Moors and Turks. The fenc
ing is done with two swords in the an
cient fashion and the entire drill work
and fencing are done to music, which will
be played by the complete band of fifty.
The organization is entirely different
from anything ever Been In this country,
and with this added attraction, which
was secured by Manager Will Green
baum, large crowds should be attracted.
During the week the swordsmen will en
tertain the guests of the Olympic Club.
Their appearance at the Alhambra will
be the first public performance in Amer
ica. There will be no advance in the
popular prices of -55c, 60c and 75c.
Junction With the Ellcry Ital
* • Ian Band Concerts.
A Great Xovelty to Be Given In Con-
"THE MORESCA.!'
Mounted Policeman Greggains
swooped along the ocean beach last
Sunday and gathered in six peanut
venders who were unable to produce
legal authority for their mercantile
enterprise. Before Judge Con'an yes
terday they answered to the names of
Thomas Loovasis, Thomas Caritas,
Joseph Zuhon, William Jordan, Chris
Cafla and Nick Rocklaysen.
"What's their nationality— Italian?"
inquired the court as he surveyed the
queer garb and noted the swart com
plexion of the defendants.
"They are Greeks," responded the of
ficial Interpreter.
"Ask them what they did It for," In
structed the court.
"They say they did not know that a
license to sell peanuts on Sunday and
at the beach was necessary," was ex
plained.
"Tell them they should have learned
something about the laws of this city
and county before embarking In busi
ness," said the Judge. "To convey a
warning to other recent arrivals from
the land where burning Sappho' sung I
will pronounce these defendants guilty
and order them to appear to-morrow
for. sentence. I hate to nip individual
business endeavor in these piping times
of trusts and combines, but the laws
must be respected by immigrants with
get-rich-qulck ambition."
The guardhouse of the Tenth In
fantry, which is located on the hill
near the officers' quarters, will be
moved to a building next to the quar
termaster's office.
Private Samuel Coney of the Twenty
eighth Infantry and Private Byrne of
the Sixtieth Infantry Invested In a lot
tery ticket with the result that between
them thes' won $3750.
Lieutenant Paul C. Potter, Fifteenth
Infantry, recently commissioned -and
assigned to the regiment at Monterey,
has Joined his regiment in obedience to
orders from the War Department. He
Is en duty with Company L.
¦ Lieutenant Gustave A. Wieser. Fif
teenth Infantry, is spending several
days In San Francisco, having been
granted leave of absence from post
headquarters.
Special orders from the War Depart
ment of November 19 direct the relief
from duty at Fort Wright, Wash., of
Captain Irving W. Rand, assistant sur
geon United States army, and upon be
ing relieved he will proceed to Ord
Barracks, Monterey.
Captain George P. White, quarter
master at the Presidio, will sell ten
head of artillery horses to-day at 10
a. m.
The monthly tourjof the paymasters
began yesterday and it will probably
continue until the end of the week be
fore all the rounds have been made.
The members of the new board for
examination for admission of candi
dates to the medical department of the
army has been announced. It consists
of Lieutenant Colonel G. H. Torney,
Major William Stephenson, Captain
James M. Kennedy and Major Louis
Brechemin. The exact date upon
which the board will convene has not
as yet been decided upon, but It will
in all probability be at a very early
day.
The officers of the Presidio post de
feated the officers of Ord Barracks in
a baseball game at Monterey on Sat
urday by a score of 17 to 15. The play
ing was brilliant on both sides and
was witnessed by a large delegation
from San Francisco and also from Del
Monte and the town of Monterey. The
post officers returned home yesterday
morning greatly pleased with their trip
and the delightful hospitality that was
extended to them by the officers at
Ord Barracks. ¦. ., :
Sergeant Michael Lou th of Company
D, Tenth Infantry, died yesterday
morning at the post hospital from the
effects of alcoholism. He had been
connected with the service for nearly
twenty-five years and had been an
efficient soldier. Lately, however, he
gave way to drink and for the few days
preceding his death he was verging on
a state of insanity.
With her face bruised and her eyes
blackened and swollen, Louise Har
court appeared before Judge Mogan
and swore to a warrant charging her
landlady. Amber Clark, at 567 O'Far
rell street, with assault; and battery.
The complainant stated that the de
fendant entered her room, locked the
door, knocked her down and jumped
upon her face with both feet, with
the effect described. The 'provocation,
if any existed, for the attack was not
mentioned by the disfigured ¦Louise. \
Prominent Officers to Meet at
the Presidio to Pass Upon
Applications for Positions
NEW MEDICAL
BOARD NAMED
Six months was the penalty handed
out by Judge Mogan to Lawrence B.
Hill, the bellboy, who had six previous
accusations of petty larceny to his dis
credit* when he was arrested and con
victed of stealing an overcoat from a
guest at the hotel in which he was
employed.
The Tinklers and £ the Fitzgeralds !
dwell oDDOsite each other in the 400
block of Clementina street, and that
they do not dwell In complete amity
was proven yesterday to the dissatis
faction of Judge. Cabaniss, who makes
a specialty of promoting harmony be-;
tween neighbors. John Fitzgerald was :
the defendant and William J. Tinkler
the complainant, the gentlemen being
the respective heads of the two fami
lies, and each was " flanked and . sup
ported by a mob of relatives, ready and
eager to testify.
Mr. Tinkler's grievance against Mr. ;
Fitzgerald originated in the inability
of. the feminine members of the two
households to "get on," and when Mr.
Fitzgerald approached his home at
midnight Saturday, singing in loud
voice and otherwise disturbing the noc
turnal quiet that usually hangs like a
pall upon the 400 block of Clementina,
street, Mr. Tinkler raised his bedroom 1
window and expostulated, whereupon
Mr. Fitzgerald maliciously grasped the
bell attached to the front door of the
Tinkler domicile and Jerked it with
such vigor as to break it. In corrob
oration of this testimony the ladles of
the Tinkler family testified with avid
ity, but their statements did not go un
contradicted.
"How about the sarcastic remarks
that the Tinklers hurl across the street
at us every time we put our noses out
side the door?" inquired Miss Fitzger
ald* a pretty girl of piquant manner.
"My dear young lady, I regret to
state that I cannot answer that ques
tion," eaid the court, "and I am
pained to rule that, as it has nothing
whatever to. do with the bell-breaking
Incident Saturday night, It Is irrele
vant, immaterial and Incompetent."
Miss Fitzgerald tossfed her head and
glared with mingled defiance and con
tempt at the female Tinklers.
"But," resumed the court, "you
may derive some solace ¦ from a- time
honored adage which I shall quote to
you:
Sticks and atones may break our bon««.
Foul names can never hurt us.
"There Is a world of philosophy in
that humble quotation, from an author
whose identity has unfortunately been
lost the shuffle of history-making,
but whose name should be emblazoned
among those of the bards immortal.
Remember . the precious words, Miss
Fitzgerald, and should the Tinklers
again assail your ears with uncom
plimentary allusions, the remembrance
¦ may convey unction to your souL At
the same time I would suggest to the
Fitzgeralds that they restrain, curb
and keep in abeyance any impulse
which may seize them to hurl a sar
casm across the street when they Bee
a Tinkler nose project from the door
of that family's domicile. I would re
mind the Fitzgeralds here assembled
that there is a statute which provides
for the , punishment of a person who
willfully unloads abusive language
upon another." .
With these words *of advice and ad
monition, the Judge proceeded to re
view the testimony and adjudge the
case, which was finally accomplished
by Mr. Fitzgerald promising to re
pair the Tinkler door-bell and to here
after Ignore the Tinkler noses^
Dr Gerino was arrested last August
for practicing medicine In San Fran
cisco without a certificate from the
State board. The matter Is brought to
the attention of the Supreme Court on
a petition for a writ of habeas corpus.
It is arcued by the defense that sec
tion P of the act creating the board is
unconstitutional because it gives dis
criminatory power.
The mejnbers of the board may arbi
trarily grant or refuse a certificate to
practice, -no matter what credentials
the applicant may present. It is held
that the Legislature has no right to
delegate such power. The act provides
that the board may grant certificates
to those holding diplomas or licenses
from certain classes of institutions with
or without examination.
It is asserted by the counsel for the
defendant that the law should give dis
cretionary but not discriminatory pow
er. It is also claimed that the board,
having more alopathlc than homeo
pathic and eclectic physicians as mem
bers, may decline to grant certificates
to certain classes of medical practition
ers. Through the alleged Invalidity of
the section in It is claimed
that the whole act is unconstitutional.
The Supreme Court took under con
sideration yesterday the question as to
the validity of the law providing for
a State Board of Medical Examiners.
The arguments of both parties to the
dispute were presented at length and
the case* was ordered submitted. An
opinion will probably not be handed
down for several months.
About fifty similar cases aA pending
In various courts of California. Dr. G.
R. Gerino is the defendant in the test
suit. Ex- Justice Garoutte Is appearing
for the contestants and Charles Wheel
er for the Board of Examiners.
"She never nursed Mrs. Morris."
said the witness, "or. took any care of
her. On the contrary, she treated her
cruelly. She made her mother sleep
on a hard couch while she occupied a
soft bed, and once she chased the
poor woman about the house with a
large knife. She "
The witness did not have a chance to
tell what else Mary Morris did. for
at this point In her testimony the
plaintiff rose to her feet with a yell
that would have put to shame the best
effort of a Camanche brave on the
warpath. She followed it with another,
equally as strong and earpiercing. Her
sister Cora helped her out with the
third scream, the voices of the two
making a combination of sounds hard
to describe. The fifth was nipped In
the bud by all the attorneys concerned
and the bailiff, assisted by Charles
Morris, clerk of the court. They
grabbed the excited women and rushed
them toward the door, where Cora
turned and. throwing her arms in the
air, yelled again, following the scream
with a loudly and dramatically uttered
curse upon the Judge and others.
The suit is the result of a battle over
the $12,000 estate of Bridget Morris,
who died last February. She left a
will g^ing the property to her three
children, Edward, Mary and Cora
Morris, share and share alike, and
naming H. P. Umbsen as executor.
Mary thought she was entitled to a lit
tle more, because of certain services
she claimed she had rendered her
mother from February, 1901. up to the
time of her death. Cora agreed with
her, but the executor and Edward did
not, and in consequence the latter re
fused to allow her claim against- the
estate for the extra amount The claim
is for $2290, two years' pay at the rate
of $3 a day.
Mary and Cora Morris, sisters, cre
ated a scene in Judge Sloss' court
yesterday. During the progress of the
suit of Mary Morris against H. P.
Umbsen, as executor of the will of
Bridget Morris, their mother, they
grew hysterical and disturbed the
peace and quiet of the, courtroom by
yelling and screaming at the top of
their voices. They stopped only when
the court bailiff led them from the
room and took them to the Emergency
Hospital for treatment.
Hanna Holmes, a witness for the de
fense, was the cause of the . dis
turbance. During the course of her
testimony she said that the claim of
Mary Morris for pay for services as a
nurse alleged to have been rendered
during the last two years of her
mother's life waB not a just one.
When the court had heard the facts
of the case, as above narrated, he
opined that Stephenson was largely the
aggressor and had provoked all the dis
turbance created by the mate. The sea
man was very repentant and on his
promise to duly respect his superior of
ficer ashore as well as on shipboard,
the case was dismissed.
Ed Stephenson, rated "A. B." on the
books of the good ship Invercauld, was
convinced yesterday that the rigid dis
cipline of the British merchant marine
is a good thing to adhere to when
ashore. With First Mate Fred C. Stock
el of the same stanch craft. Seaman
Stephenson was in a Montgomery street
clothing store last Saturday, and while
inspecting some garments which the
mate had anproved, he decried, their
quality and pronounced their price ex
orbitant. This difference of opinion led
to sharp words between the mariners,
and the man before the mast became
so excessively insubordinate that the
mate ordered him to return to his ship.
The order was flatly disobeyed and a
rough and tumble fight ensued, In
which both were actively engaged when
a policeman disturbed them. They
were before Judge Mogan yesterday
morning on a charge of disturbing the
peace.
Supreme Court Reserves Its De
cision Pending Thorough
Consideration of the Case
Scream Loudly and One Curses
His Honor Upon Hearing the
Testimony of Raima Holmes
Policeman Joseph Feld must answer
before the Superior Court to the charge
of murdering: his father-in-law, Fritz
Dirking, on November 2 last. He was
remanded without bail yesterday morn
ing by Police Judge Fritz.
With studied indifference, the de
fendant listened to the latest testimony
against him, given by Mrs. Sarah Tay
lor of 2420 Clay street. 'The woman told
a straightforward storyi and Attorney
Alford's efforts to weaken it. were not
resultant of signal triumph. /Through
out her recital and the cross-examina
tion Feld watched her face and lis
tened to her words with a seeming in
difference that occasionally savored of
ennui. At the pronouncement of the
court's decision his face wore an ex
pression of mingled weariness and re
lief.
Mrs. Taylor said that about two
years ago she became acquainted with
Feld and the Dirklngs through living
next door to them. On May 1 of the
present year Feld voluntarily told her
he had had trouble with the Dlrkings,
and he also voluntarily showed her a
purse containing cartridges and in
formed her that he was going to shoot
the entire family. ¦ \
The remainder of the testimony was
neither new nor -very Important, and
Judge Fritz gave his decision promptly.
him not unduly insane, considering
there wa^ a woman , in the case. A
brother of the defendant appeared in
court' and promised to take him away
to Mendoclno County, where he will. not
be irritated at the sight of his wife re
vealing the future at cut rates. '
THEIR NERVES GIVE WAY
LEGAL ARGUMENTS HEARD
Physicians Claim Enactment
Creating Board of Medical
Examiners Is Too Liberal
Mrs. Sarah Taylor Swears Man Who Killed
His Father-in-Law Told Her Last May He
Intended to Exterminate Dirking Family
Morris Sisters Grow Hysterical
During Progress of a Trial
Before Superior Judge Sloss
COURT'S PEACE
IS DISTURBED
AVER MEASURE
IS NOT VALID
POLICEMAN FELD MUST ANSWER
TO HIGHER COURT FOR MURDER
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1903.
11
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
rReal^asy*^
Save lots of If
Everything that's
Beautiful
•':r Chinaware, Crockery
Q lass ware
Fancy Holiday
Ornaments and Novelties .
Dolls, Lamps, Clocks
Rich Cut Olass
% Dinner Sets
Come before Parting with
your Money
r Get our prices ©
Great American Import ing J$[
Tea Co. *Tt
100 Stores I
That's the Reason. >¦
S61 Market. 1419 Polk. 1S19 Dcvlsadero.
210 Grant it. 705 Larkin. 8006 Sixteenth.
HO Eixlh. 475 Hatebt. ' 521 llontg'y av.
<&5 Kayes. . 2516 Mission. 32S£ Mission.
140 Ninth. 52 Market. SOG Third.
20CS riHmore. 2732 24th. 4C9 Fourth.
Always Remember the Fall .Name
I axative Rromo (fty^mae
i CorfS aCoM in One Day, Crip in 2 Days
J& Plfijf on every
C9. Sf^jCfrtrV^ae Box. 25c
SCOTT'S EMULSION.
~~~~~~^.-..- *-.-~. »» ¦ .^x^
EIGHT REASONS
why Scott's Emulsion is an
ideal food-medicine.
1. It is partly pre-digested
and therefore passes quickly
into the blood.
2. It imposes no tax upon
the stomach or other 'digest-
ive organs.
3. It does not cause
fermentation such as usually
results from ordinary food
when the stomach is weak.
4. Its action is mild and
even, insuring the greatest
nourishment with the least
effort. v
5. Its quality is always
uniform.
6. It feeds and strengthens
the bones, blood, nerves and
tissues.
7. It is one of the greatest
flesh producers known to
medical science.
8. It is palatable and
agreeable to the taste and
easily taken.
We'll send you a sample free upon request.
.SCOTT * BOWNE, 409 Pearl Street, 3f. Y.
AMUSEMENTS.
LAST 6 NIGHTS — Matinee Saturday.
Wm. Brady's Elaborate Production of the
Greatest of All Pastoral Plays.
Way Down East
By Lottie Blair Parker.
Elaborated by Jos. R. Grtsmer.
Last Time Next Sunday.
BEonnrczro hest mohoat,
The Greatest of Singing Comediennes.
LULU GLASER
In Stange & Edwards' Dainty Comic Opera,
DOLLY VARDEN
Management F. C. 'Whitney.
SEAT SALE BEGINS THURSDAY
rAUIFORNIfT
Ui To-xiGirc\ Ir"^
I The Ever Welcome Favorite, \M \
YONSON
With Nelse Erickson. the greatest of all
Swedish dialect coznediacsv
¦ .
JTEXT SUSDAT
JOS. HART. FOXY
CARBIE DE MAR In GRANDPA.
Exactly as given 250 nights In New York.
Dazzling J/audeville!
Pauline Hall; Francesco. Bedding and
Company; Hines and Bemingtaa;
"Bonner"; Hal Godfrey and Com-
pany; Agnes Mahr; Clarice Vance;
Joseph Newman and the Brittona.
Reserred Seats. 25c; Balcony. lOo; Box Beats
and Opera Chairs. BOc. •
MATINEES THURSDAY AND SATURDAY.
TO-NIGHT— AH. THIS WEEK.
MARIE HEATH
AND IXcXLUHT C0XFAHY.
pTfl fr BTTBAXi DKAMA O?
MOTHER'S
success. -*~2 jHI I \ I—J
DDTrCC EVENINGS 13o, 23c. We. 73c
rnltCj. MATINEES lfl«. JSe. Me
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT— J. H. Stoddart and
Reuben Fax In THE BONNIE BRIER BUSH.
Second Weak of tha Host Original and
. ' : . Greatest of Ail Musical Ccasdiss
I "I-O-U~
¦ ° T A Production Perfect In "Every Detail.
Our "All -Star" cast. Including Kolb and
Dill. : Barney Bernard. Wlnfleld Blake. Maode
Amber. Georsrla O*Ramey. Ben T. Dillon and
¦the Althea Twin Sisters la a lavish presenta-
tion of the best of all burlesques.
1 Reserved Seats— Nights. 25c. - 60c and TSo.
Matinees Saturday snd Sunday. 23o aad 60a.
Children at Matinees. ICe apd 23c
THE ALLEN SISTERS
And a Great Show Every Afternoon aa&
< Evening In tie Theater.
UTTERESTINO- BABIES IN THE INTAXT
INCUBATORS. _-
kaxasbyas nr tss sooi
LOTS OS" FCN IN THB PENNY ARCAM.
Stroll Through the MIRROR MA"ZE.
See ANITA and Her BABY MONKEY.
AKATXT7S HIOKT TKT7BSSAT.
When Phoning Ask for "The Chatee."
Racing Ijlllll^ Racing !
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKBT CLUB,
Commencing November 11. %
Radns Each Week Day. Rain or S&lae.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commence at 8:14 T*. m. shar^
For special trains stoppts* at the track take
E P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at IX
12:30 1:00 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No soaoklac u
last two ears, whica are reserred for ladle*
and their escorts. ...
Raturntnc train* Jear* track at ¦4:1* u4
•••*» "*.4SS83fti: wiSJSiSriKSW
. rXBCT W. XBXAT. SecnUXZ. . _
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BE_E_F
AMTJSETVrKNTS. -
.ALCAZARtwS*
- General Manager.
TO-NIGHT-THIS WEEK ONLY.
First Ean Francisco Production of th« Powerful
and Picturesque Play,
A ROYAL Le.
PRISONER F»~
Beautiful Effects — Brilliant Costumes.
Evgs., 25c to 73c. Mats. Sat. A Sun., 15o to 80c.
NEXT MOXDAT— Brilliant Presentation of
David Belasco and Franklin Fylea'
Famous Military Drama,
THE GIRL I LEFT BEHIND ME.
CHRISTMAS— BLUE JEAJfS. r - ; - -
Market St., Xear Eighth. Phone South 633.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Stupendous Sensational Melodrama,
NEW YORK. DAY.BY DAY
Matchless Original Story. Great Heart Interest
and Abundant Comedy.
O IT Th * Leap for Life from Harlem Brtdgs
\ !¦ l» The Burning; of the Canal Boat.
ilL „ The Vision of Poverty and "Wealth.
The Marvelous Electrical Effects.
PDirCC Evenings .10c to 60c
rnlWC3 Matinees...' ....\..10c. 130, 25c
Monday. December 14."
"THE SCOUT'S REVENGE."
MATINEES SATTJKDAY AITD BUJtiuAT
6— WIGHTS 0HI.T— 6 -
ELLERY'S JULIAN BAND
TO-MTOHT — Grand. Popular Frogrramme
TO-MORROW WIGHT — Waffner-Qotmod
TO-KOBBOW — Matiaee at Greek Thea-
ter, Berkeley University.
FRIDAY STIGHT — Special Eagraffement
"LA MORESCA" TROUPE OF SWOBDSMEH
- ;¦-- Th« SENSATION OF THE SEASON.
Reserved Seats 25c. 50e, 75e
Box Office— BSEKTHATf. CXAT » CO.T3.
¦liMfi 3 a I fc^fl llf • i fl i "ilk • Vl at ' i
SATURDAY NEXT AT 3 P. M.
IN STEINWAY HALL
ANOTHER PIANO RECITAL will be Riven by
MR. PERCTVAL K. VAN YORX. With th*
x . Aid of
THE ANQELUS
\ . SOLOIST
Mary Garpanetto Mead, Soprano
Complimentary tickets may be secured at our i
¦tore any time before the recital.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
. ' Kearny and Sutter Sta..' S. F.
MISCEIXANEOTJS AMUSEMENTS.
SONG RECITAL.
MRS. L. SNIDER-JOHNSON. Y. M. C. A.
AUDITORIUM. TUESDAY. December 8.
8:15 p. m. Admission ?5c. Reserved seats
' 11. ' On sal* at- Clark Win . * Co.'.. 129
Geary, st.
ADVZBTISEHENTS.
The Kind You Ilavo Always Bought has borne the signa- -
tore of Chas. H. Fletcher, and has been made under his
personal supervision for over 3O vears. Allow no one
to deceive you in this. Counterfeits, Imitations and
«« Jnst-as-{rood'» are but Experiments, and endanger the
health of Children— Experience against Experiment.
What is CASTOR1A
Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare-
poric, I>rops and Soothing Syrups. It is Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium, Slorphino nor other Narcotic
substance. Its age is its gruarantee. It destroys Worms
and allays Feverishness. It cures Diarrhoea and Wind
Colic. It relieves Teething" Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates the
Stomach and Bovrels, giving" healthy and natural sleep.
The Children's Panacea—The Mother's Friend.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
ya Bears the Signatnre of
In Use For Over 30 Years.
THC CCNTAUR COWMNT, TT KUMAt STRTCT* NCW YORK CITY.
r^ ""¦"" I ' I1M " 1 " 11^
Pure, Pdc and Spcrklir.g. Bottled jj
Only st the Brewery in St. Looh. fl
SOLD EVERYWHERE. £
i:::.u:kt UERCAKTCLE CO.. ft
l P»r:n.- C.-.ait Aeent*. Jg
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great/)
(SnUSEULl OF UHflTQBY&
0 (jB '-'" K'"-K ST. ht 5:t*?i, Z.T.ZC A
* t^F The L*T|^st Aa:-.-.a: Museum !n tbe \
A -«_A. j^ World. 'Weaknesses or n.y contracted A
' Y&S £?I <!¦«•'•« porttjwrlj rmr«* ny the oiieit Y
O #E*Ji3| 0 *- 1 * 10 " tkeCcBL Ijl 3* jTirs- O
/» £sft*{ 03. JCRDAH-D'SEASES CF WEN /*
A ! J**i£ f| TreiCTBeut r"''c«' y or tjr 'lev.cr. A Q
S / Til P»*t<m Car* in erery cms* undertakes. T
A ? / !(* '•»•¦•! -r-(t.pnii.o8opuv«»4
V* j ,» • Bl*BI*eE, Ktua HLE. (A.J
> jj J v» _¦:: r boot for n.»r ; \
V I>£1. JllCI>A> A CO.. 105i Mp.rfcpt «t..S. F V
TJIflTED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND ATFAIES
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LJVERPOOU ENGLAND. ON THE
31st day of December. A. D. 1902. and
Jot tne year endinj; on that day,- ai made to
the Insurance Commieaioner or the State of
Cail'ornia. pummxit to the provision* of Sec-
tion* GJO and Cli of the Political Code, con-
cetssea" as j*r black furnished ty th« Com-
missioner.
ASSETS.
r.eal Estate cwned by Company. .$1.4^1.012 C2
Loans en Bonds and Mortgages KS4.000 00
Cath Market Value of all Stocks
aad Bcnde owned by Company... 3.C00.I04 OS
Ca*h iu Company' • Office 1.P22 X>2
< aeh in Ear.ks 727.4CS W
interest &•¦** £»<! accrued en all
Stocks acd Loans 41. GTS SI
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 5.204 68
Premiums in <Ue Coarse of Col-
lection 1 ' 034 -$i*
I'.enU dae and accrued 4.6S7 C2
Ime from ot^er Corr.isanies for re-
insurance on losses already paid. 22.G07 20
Total Assets -J7.7S2.S35 lti
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $*7.K» 81
Loss** in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense • 266,063 P9
Lotsse* reelefd. Including expenses. 101.760 78
Cross premium* on Fire Risks run-
ning one vear or less, $3,UT>t,-
77; reinsurance 50 i^r cent.. J.C77.419 S8
C-oes premium* on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. 14,533.-
"04 *7: reinsurance pro rata 2.4-45,235 <S2
Amount Vec'.aimable by the Insured
en perpetual fire Insurance pcl-
lclea ISS.r.31 C7
Liability utjAct Life Department... I'O.t'sT S3
All other liabilities 4eS.7oO 05
Total Liabilities .J5.S06.338 10
INCOME.
yet cash actually received tor Flr«
premiums •••• .?l,«43.z*3 7»
Ilecelved Jor Interest on Bonds and
aiortgageB 21.373 00
TU celved for Interest end dividends
on Bonds. Stock*. Loans and
'ram ail cither eources 145.CM 54
I>e*cT£edW Kents C0.C3J 49
Total Income .g4.972.823 S3
EXPENDrrrKES. ~"*~
¦Net amoont paid for Fire Losses
(i-cludinc $era.229 02, losses of
pVerioufiear*) f2.K5C.C29 C9
raid or allowed for Commission or M ¦ ., m
¦ ' r : ker£.£' i ...••*•••••• •?•'•""••••• 630, • 03 19
r^arW°« SSS&JP'&S.. etc*: SSS.CO SI
KSfeggSS^S I37.0S9 14
All other penaests and expendl-
turea ..17.S5* SS
Total Expenoltarwi ' J4.213.C2S 60
Fire.
Losses tnenrred during the rear. . .t2.407.022 01
racks and Prera1um».J Fire Risks. | Premiums.
j;et amount cf %!eks j ;
Sr ten .-' Brinr ..' h ? nST.ST8.C02J7.tt3.2S8*
ycet amount of Itlsfc*
y e^.. a " rtnS .' h f 792.703.CM C. 8^778 15
?: Se C^b^y n iW2 C ?l 7^,075.8351 64
- K. F. BEDDALL. U. 6. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before rn«s, this 2Ctb
£hv of January. 19C3.
EDMUN'D HARVET. ?«'otary PabUa
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT
ROLL A V. WATT, Manager,
201 Sansome St., San Francsco
JNO. T. FOGARTT. Assistant Manaser: F. H
KELLtAJl. Branca Secretary: JNO. -- .H.J
HXLLMAN. Superintendent Local Depart-
n...:.t. 9
WEEKLY CAT/T, ?1.00 PEB YEAB.
TaiisUsi si^f MMs# nfi urn k ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦— WsftjilHIl Wl III IF
A D VERTISEMENTS.
Carvers
Christmas
i .'•¦.• . ¦ -¦
I have some fine lines of carving
sets in handsome silk-lined boxes.
These carving sets are made of
finest steel, with : sterling silver
mounts. . My prices range from
$2.50 to $6.00. These prices rep-
" resent a considerable saving. I've
lots of other good things in holi-
day cutlery. Come in to-day and
see them.
THAT MAN PITTS
T. W. PITTS, the Stationer,
1008 Market Street
.. Abor* Powell, San Francisco.
PfliflfP DONTFAILTO
Id latC gce the beautiful
- COURT Lounging
3f1fl rooxnj the EMPIRE
mill PALLOR, the
¦n j PALM ROOM, the
Hf/Md LOUIS XV BAR-
All ailU LOR, and the LA-
D , i DIES' WRITING
Hotels roqm.\V. G. IRWIN. ARGUS. MOHI
CAN. SPARTAN AND OTHER
WINDJAMMERS COMING IN.
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
building: was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m.. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant U. S. X., in charge.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
December 8. ¦ |
Samoa Lo» Ancelcs Ports. 10 amiPler 2
Chlco Coqullle River 12 m Pier 2
Coronado.. Lo« Anceles Ports. 4 pmjPlor 1U
December 0. . |
Arizonan... N"w York iPier 23
Columbia.. Ai-toria & Portland. 11 amlPler 24
Spokane... Humbcldt 1:30 p[ Pier «
December 10. 1 |
¦Fmnl'-e Coos Bay direct. .{[10 amlPler 13
Furpka Humboldt 9 ampler 13
Arctic ".'.. Humboldt (10 am|Pler 2
S Barbara' I Seattle & Olympia. | 4 pmlPler 2
Ventura .. | Sydney & Way... I 2 pm|Pi«r 7
J Dollar . Seattle & Tacoma. | 5 pmjPier 2«
Arcata ' Coos B.-Pt. Orford. |12 m;Pier 13
State Cal... Ean Diego & Way.| 0 amjPlei 11
December 11.
Rainier ..1 Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
Vorth Fork Humbnldt 5 pm Pier 20
Coos Bay . San Pedro & Way.j 9 am Pier 11
> . December 12. j |
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor .... 4 pm|Pler 2O
Pomona.... Humboldt ........ 1:30 p Pier 5>
Pt. Arena. Humboldt ........ 4 pm Pier ,2
China China &. Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
City Para.. N. Y. via Panama.. |12 mjPier 40
Queen Puget Bound Ports. Ill amjPUr tt
December 13. I
S. Roea. . . Ean Di^go & Wayf 9 am Pier 11
Alliance... Eureka & Coos B..|10 am Pier 10
December 14.
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland. 11 am P!er 24
December IS. '
Bonita Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
San Pedro.. Humboldt ......... 10 am Pier 2
December 16.
Sequoia.... Grays Harbor. ..... 4 pm Pier 10
December 17. .
Abydos.... Hamburg & Way.'. 2 pm Pier 19
City Puebla Piiget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier: 9
Centennial. 8enttie & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
December 18. | |
Nevadan. . . Honolulu ".'......'. .| 2 pm|Pler 23
FROM SEATTLE,
Steamer. For _ Sails.
Cottage City. . Skagway &.Way Ports. Dec. 8
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pta. Dee. 10
Dolphin Skagway & j Way; Ports. Dec. 14
AI-Ki SkAgway & Way Ports. Dec. 1H
Santa Ana... Cooks Inlet <t Way Pts. Dec. 16
Valencia Slcairway & Way Ports. |Dec. IS
United- States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Heights of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to : San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent. . .
NOTE. — The high and low ' waters occur at
the city f rent (Mission-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide > Is the same ¦ at . both ¦ places. '
fi TUESDAY, DECEMBER 8.
Sun t risea 7:13
Sun sets '. .......¦.....'............ 4:50
Moon rls's .........•.....;. ........0:26 a. m.
O.lTlme! , Tlme|. ; Time|~~ Time
Jt . Ft. 1 Ft. Ft. Ft
P , H W L W| |H W -..';> L W
7 2:10 • 5.1 6:50! 2.9 12:60 '( 5.7 7:38—0.8
8 2:58 5.2 7;5o! • 2.9 1:48 5.4 8:29—0.5
9. 3:43 *;6.3 9:01 ,2.8 2:51 > 6.0 '9:20 0.0
10, 4:32 i 5.4 10:18 2.5 4:05 4.6 10:18 0.6
11-. 5:20 -6.5 11:35 ,2.1 6:27 * 4.2 11:20 1.1
12 I 6:101 -6.6 12:3S ~- 1.6 6:49| '4.1 ." |..
> L W V 'IH;W " .(L.-WI •: •|H W
13 | 0:21|.-1.5| 7:00 ¦ C.?| 1 :88l - . 1.0|- 8:X0 4.i
"'NOTE.— In 'the above exposition of the tides
.Monday, .December .7.
Stmr Mandalay, . Payne, 41 hours from San
Pedro. .' ¦• ¦ ¦•*".-¦ .',
Stmr Etate of California, Thomas, 41 hours
from San Dieco. / . -, .
•Stmr - Chehalis, • Frantton,- 63. hours from
Grays \ Harbor, i bound ¦ south, put in to ' land
passengers. ..
Stmr W. i H. Kruger. Atflln, 100 . hours from
Tacoma, »via Seattle ,95 hours, bound south, put
in to land passengers. . ¦ ¦-: ¦¦' ¦--;¦¦
Stmr Spokane, Jepsen, 18 hours from • Eu
reka. . . ;
• ¦ Br stmr Wyefleld, " Watson, • 91 hours . from
War.almo.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, TJ. S.,N.. Mer
chants" Exchange, San Francisco, . Cal.;
December 7.
Tbs Time Ball oa- the tower of the ' Ferry
The steamer Umatilia sailed yesterday for
Victoria with an assorted merchandise cargo
consigned to th« port -of destination and the
principal British Columbian ports. The cargo
as manifested up to 3 p. m. was valued . at
S7SC5 and Included the following: .
253 pkgs freeh fruit, 43 pkgs fresh, veg
etables. 2205 lbs rfclcins, 5170 - lbs dried fruit,
2336 lbs coffee, 460, lbs dried fish, 900 lbs
meals. 10C0 lbs sugar, 4 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 155 boxs paste, 10S0 lbs nuts, . 1766
lbs beans, 30 cs canned goods, 207 lbs ham. 208
gals 4 cs wine, 134 lbs spices, 15 c* honey. 3
ce oysters. 25 cs arms and ammunition, 12 cs
drugs and sundries, 7 cs oils, 1 cs rubber
goods, 104 boiler tubes, 1 bale hose, 1000 lbs
seed, 8025 lbs Karen, 10 sheets iron," 17 bdls
steel, 10 pkgs machinery. Th« steamer also
carried 1 cs drugs, 3 cs typewriter! and 1 c*
hardware, valued at $S7, en route to Suva,
Fiji Islands.
Exports for the Xorth.
The German ship Christe! Is chartered for
wheat from Portland to Europe at IPs.
The British ehlp Nile (on Puget Sound) was
chartered orior to arrival for lumber from Bur
rartt Inlet to Valparaiso for ordera (Pieagua
range), at 27s 6d. option of Callao direct.
The French bark Boesuet proceeds to sea la
ballast.
Charters.
Captain Swanson of the schooner James H.
Bruce reports to the Branch Hydrgraphlc Of
fle» that on November 21, 1903. he sailed
through a quantity of new lumber tn latitude
43 32 north, longitude 12S 31 west.
Matters of Interest to aiariners and
Shipping Jlerchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN
¦ The British bark Luriier. out 162 "days from
Liverpool for Calico and reinsured at 35 per
cent, has put Into the Falkland Islands. The
other overdue* are quoted as follows: Derwent,
10 per cent; FiTeshlre, 65 r«r centi^Parts, 70
per cent- Talca. 25 per cent; Michele Blanch!,
JO per cent; Thalia. 90 per cent; La Brugere.
40 per cent, and Beechdale, 15 per cent.
Overdue Liurline Is Safe.
Of the seventeen vessels that came Into port
yesterday twelve were windjammers, and in a
long-drawn-out - procession ! they made one of
the biggest fleets that has sailed through the
Golden Gate for many days. "With the excep
tion of the bark Mohican, which brought 4100
baps of eurar from Honolulu, the arrivals were
from, coast ports, most of them carrying lum
ber. The arrivals included the following: Bark
Mohican, schooners Areus, Bella. Sacramento,
Jernie Ste'la. Robert lowers. Volunteer. Mary
Podge and Ida McKay, -brig W. O. Irwln. bark
Hecla and ship Spartan.
3Iany Windjammers Arrive.
Oscar Woodrow. who lives at 181
California avenue, had his foot caught
yesterday in. an elevator at the Central
warehouse on Beale street, between
Howard and Mission. The . injured
member was treated at the Harbor
Hospital.
the early morning tides are Riven in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tiden. as
sometimes occurs.* The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — >
sign precedes 1 the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters. ¦
Hurt in Elevator.
TO SAIL.,
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 7.— The
following Californians •were registered
here to-day: At the New Wlllard— W.
W. Morrow and wife. Dr. C. C. O'Don
nell and J. F. Howie, San Francisco.
Californlans In Washington.
The British bark Earnmount, Captain Bax
ter, which arrived late Sunday night. W0 days
from Newcastle. England, lost many sails and
sustained damage to her rigglnR In a sudd in
southeasterly squall encountered August 20 in
latitude 24 28 south, longitude 33 "7 west. Thi*
squall was followed by a gale, which blew with
hurricane force for four hours: The Earn
mount had heavy weather oft Car*- Horn, but
was delayed considerably In the Pacific by
calms. ~ *'•'./:,"
Earnmount in Heavy Gale.
Ship Spartan, F&liman, 12 flays from What
com.
Brig tV. Q. Irwln, Hanisen, 8 day» from Fort
Ancelei. ' • ¦ . , ¦
Bark Hecla, Nelson. 11 «ay» from Hadlock.
¦ ' Bark Mohican. Kelly. 24 dayi from Honolulu.
Schr Jennie Stella, Hansen. 4 day* from Eu
reka. . • : .
Schr Arrus, ' Hardwlck, IS days from Asto
ria. ¦
Schr Bella, Jamieson, 7 days from Coos Bay.
Echr Sacramento, Mercer, 13 days from Slus
law. . ',-¦,
Schr Robert Lewers, Underwood, 9 days from
Port Ludlow.
CLEARED.
Monday, Dtcembtr T.
Etmr Umatllla, Nopander, Victoria, etc.. P.
C. P S. Co.
Etmr Curacao, Paulson, Guaymas, P. C S.
6. Co.
Br ship Andorlnha, ¦ Nicholas, ' Portland, Or.;
William Smelli».
Br ship Ancaios, Fulton, Portland. 'WlHlam
EmellU. . . *
SAILED.
Monday, December T.
Stmr Umatllla. Nopander, Victoria.
Etmr Bonita, Gielow, San Pedro.
Stmr Curacao, Pout"*n. Guaymas.
Stmr Chehalis,' Frantzon, San Pedro.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
fitmr Phoenix. Odland. Mendocino.
¦ Stmr Newburg-. ' Anfindsen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Rival. " McClement*, Willapa Harbor.
Stmr National City. Hammar. Fort Bragg.
Stmr W. H. Kruger. Ahltn, San Pedro.
Schr Newark, Reinertsen, Bowens Landing.
Schr Roy. Somers, Tietjen, I Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC./, . -
POINT LO BOS. Dec. 7—10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind northeast, velocity 14 miles per
hour. • " ¦ ¦ ' - •• ' '
MISCELLANEOUS.'
LONDON, Dec. 7.— The bark. Wlllscott. from
Philadelphia for San Diego, put back to Port
Stanley; had lost topsail yard, and (oretop
callant yards were sprung, also rudder head
was sprung. . •..--,-.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE^ — Arrived Dec 7 — Stmr '. Farallon,
from Skagway.
Arrived Dec 7— Stmr Cottage City, from
Skasway.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Dec 5— Schr R.
C. Slade. hence Nov 25; stmr Homer, from
Astoria. Dec C — Schr Comet, from San Pedro.
Arrived Dec 0 — Stmr Centralia,- hence Dec 2.
Dec 6 — Stmr Sequoia, hence. Dec -3. .
Sailed Dec S — Stmr Coronado, for San Pedro.
Sailed Dec 5— Schr Henry Wilson, for San
Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed Dec 7— Stmr Arcata, for
San Francisco.
REDONDO— Sailed Dec 7— Stmra Asuncion,
Prentips and Noyo, for San Francisco; schr
John F. Miller, for Grays Harbor.
TATOOSH- Passed Dec 7— Bktn Skagit,
from Port Gamble, for San Francisco.
POINT REYES — Passed Dec 7. 9 a m— Br
stmr Wyefleld. from Nanalmo for San Fran
cisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Dec- 6— Stmr ' Eureka,
hence Dec 6. Dec 7— Stmr . Pomona, hence
Dec 6; stmr Gabriel, from Umpqua; stmr
Iaqua. hence Dec 6.
Sailed Dec 6— Schr Bertha Dolbeer," for San
Diego. .
Sailed Dec 7 — Stmrs Arctic and Kureka, for
San Franclflco; schr Bertie Minor, . for Re
dondo.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Dec 6— Bktn Re
triever, hence Nov 23.
TACOMA— Arrived Dec 7— Stmr Mackinaw,
hence Dec 3.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived ' Dec 7— Stmr Santa
Barbara, from Port Harford; schr John F. Mil
ler, from Redondo; stmr Prentlss, from Re
dondo; sclir W. H. Patterson, from Grays Har
bor: stmr Pasadena, from Eureka.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Dec 7— Br etmr
Wyneric, for China. ¦ :*• '
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Dec 7— Stmr Gual
ala, hence Dec 6. . • • •
ASTORIA— Arrived Dec 7— Bktn T. P.
Emigh, from Kaanapali.
Sailed Dec 7 — Br bark Dunslaw, for Algoa.
Bay. • •
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Dec 7->-Stmr Coo«
Bay, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS. '
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec fl— Stmr Mlnne
wa*ka. henc« Sept 11; ship Hawaiian Isles,
from Honolulu. - . ¦ •
Salletl Dec 6— Rtmr Mogul, for Manila; Br
ship Drumeltan, for Manila.
ISLAND PORTS.
HILO— Arrived I Dec 4— Schr H. C. Wright,
hence Nov 9. •
FOREIGN PORTS. ;
SAN* BLAS— Sailed Dec 4 — Stmr Baa Jose,
for Pan Francirco. • • -
VALPARAISO— Sailed Nov.21— Br ship Ard
namurchan. .for Caleta Buena.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior Dec B— Jap stmr
KacH Mara, from Seattle.
SINGAPORE — Arrived Dec" 3— Br stmr In
dramayo.' from Yokohama.
GIBRALTAR— Passed : Dec 4— Br stmr In
dradeo, from Yokohama, for New York.
PLYMOUTH— Sailed Dec 5— Br ship Rajore,
for Portland. Or. ' 1 ' -
. HONGKONG— Arrived Dec 5^-Stmr Korea,
hence Nov 18. •>•- ' ' .¦ ••
CAPE TOWN— Sailed Dee 7 — Bktn Hawaii,
for Newcastle, Aus., , ' , -
. VICTORIA^-Arrlved Deo 7— Btmr Cottage
City, from Skagway.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Dec 7— Stmr Saxonla,
MARSEILLES— Arrived Dec 8— Stmr Ma
chaon, from Tacoma, etc., for Liverpool. .
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Dec . 7— Stmr Um
bria, for New York.
. PLYMOUTH— Sailed Dec 6— Stmr Belgravla.
for New York. .- ¦ ....
-GENOA — Sailed Dec 8 — Btmr Bardegne," for
New York. \
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Arctic Humboldt |Dec. 7
Empire Coos Bay & Pt. OrfordJDec. S
Czarina Coog Bay Dec 8
.Area'.a Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Dec. S
North Fork Humboldt Dec. fc
Queen Puget Sound Ports.... Dec. S
Coos Bay..... Kan Pedro & Way Ports Dec. H
Kureka Humboldt Dec. 8
Coronado | Grays Harbor Dec. 8
Aztec Tacoma Dec. a
Iaqua Humboldt IDec. It)
S.Barbara... San Pedro |Dec. 10
Pomona Humboldt ...IDec. 10
Point Arena. . Mendooino & Pt. Arena. |Dec. 10
Santa Koea... San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. lo
San Jose New York via Panama. Dec. 10
G. Vt*. Elder..! Portland St. Astoria Dec. 11
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Dec' 11
G. Dollar Ventura ; ., Dec. 12
Bonita Newport & Way Ports.. Dec. 12
Doric China & Japan Dec 12
San Pedro Grays Harbor Dec. 12
Senator Puget Sound Ports Dec' 13
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma Dec. r.i
Central ia..... Grays Harbor iDec. 13
Spokane Humboldt |Dec. 13
State of Cal.. San D»ogo & Way PortB|Dec. 14
Serbia Hamburg & Way Ports Dec. It
Nevadan Honolulu Dec. 14
Sequoia Grays Harbor .Dec. 14
Alamada Honolulu Dec 15
Barracouta New York via Panama. Dec. 10
Columbia Portland & Astoria.... Dec. 10
XJmatilla Puget Sound Ports |Dec. IS
George T. Myers of Portland, one of
the leading- salmon packers of the
Northwest, is at the Palace.
Philip S. Teller of the firm of Norton,
Teller & Roden has returned from a
several months' trip to Europe.
Judge Kenneth Jackson leaves to
day for the city. of Mexico, where he
expects to remain for a month. ,
Henry E. Huntington, vice president
of the Southern Pacific Company, is up
from Los Angeles on a business visit.
William A. Pinkerton, the well-known
detective, returned yesterday from a
business trip to Los Angeles and is
registered at the Palace.
A. P. Booth of Sacramento Is regis
tered at the Lick.
J. A. Cunningham, a raining man of
Salt Lake, Is at the Grand.
Dr. Robert Crees of Byron Hot
Springs is at the Occidental.
Edwin Berwick, a fruit-grower of
Pacific Grove, is at the Grand.
Commander Richardson Clover, U. S.
N., is registered at the Palace.
I. B. Hammond, head of a big ma
chinery works of Portland, is at the
Palace.
Dr. D.E. Fields of Weaverville is at
the Grand.
Dr. and Mrs. L. M. Pulsifer of Napa
are at the Lick. ;
L. F. Moulton, a rancher of Colusa,
Is at the Grand.
PERSONAL MENTION.
The damage she sustained in this lat
est battle Is also extensive. Her top
mast is damaged, also her fore yards
and three topsail yards. Her rudder
is injured and serious havoc has been
wrought about the decks.
The American bark Willscott has
again been stripped of her wings by
the elements and is at present under
going repairs at Port Stanley, Falkland
Islands. She was on her way from
Philadelphia for San Diego when she
ran into the gale. News of her putting
into Port Stanley was received yester
day at the Merchants' Exchange in a
cablegram from London.
The Willscott formerly sailed under
the British fag and'gained the right to
fly the Stars and Stripes some years
ago through the repairs necessary after
weathering a terriflc gale off the Aus
tralian coast. In that storm the ves
sel's steel "masts buckled over and for
several days to the terror of the gale
was added a thrilling bombardment as
the broken spars battered the ship's
steel sides. It was several days before
the tangled mass of metal spars and
steel rigging were cut loose. The few
bold strokes of a gleaming ax so effec
tive in the days of wooden spars and
hempen shrouds proved of no avail In
the case of the Willscott and the clear
ing of the wreckage involved many
weary hours of tedious work with ham
mers and cold chisels. During most of
this time the vessel wailowed helplessly
in the trough of , the sea, drifting per
ilously doss to a rock-ribbed shore.
When the wreckage was cleared nearly
every man aboard had cripped hands,
the wounds from the Jagged steel hav
ing become infected. Notwithstanding
the fact that of the masts the stumps
only remained and, undaunted by the
lack of spare spars, these resourceful
sailormen got a mervelous Jury rig on
their vessel and with yards built of 2x6
planking and sails of all sorts, shaped
and sizes, brought their vessel across
the Pacific and into this port. She
made a good passage and her cargo
was intact. Her British owners sold
her rather than make the necessary re
pairs, which proved to be sufficiently
extensive to entitle the vessel to Ameri
can register.
TeedinK before the Harbor Commission
ers to-morrow are expected to be In
teresting.
Yesterday passed without unusual
happenings en the wharves. The pro-
A rumcr was circulated yesterday
that the commission men. if they are
finally defeated in the courts, may
drop all their permits, cart the goou.=
that they want to their stores as they
en- received and charge up the cost of
cartage and storage and handling to
the producers by whom the consign
ments are made.
The Harbor Commissioners now have
tT.o affidavits before them. In one of
these several Crms that still hold per
mits to sell are accused of refusing to
Bell perishable products to the retailers
vrho do not belong to the Retailers' As
sociation. Commissioner Spear • «?aid
last evening that the Commissioners
would not take any fu%her action un
tU after to-morrow, when the commis
sion men would probably indicate what
their line cf procedure would be. Com
ir.l£E5oi:er Spear also said that proba
bly a test case would be made up by
the commission men. This is the gen
craJ opinion of business men.
It may be decided to have one of the
parties who has been denied permission
to sell perish a bie products on the
¦wharves openly proceed to sell, with
the understanding that an arrest will
follow and that by this method the la-.v
will be considered by the Judges. At
present the Harbcr Commissioners are
adhering to \he line of action that was
marked out br them last week when
they revoked four permits to sell.
No sales were attempted on the
¦wharves yesterday by the four houses
that have tten deprived of permits.
Potatoes, beans and onions are the
rrindpal farm products now coming
into the market. The Jackson and
"Washington street wharves show a
great accumulation of these vegetables
Tiled up there v.ithin the last forty
right hours. Such a quantity of pota
toes, thousand? cf sacks, has not been
held on the wharves before in a long
time. The four firms without permits
did not attempt to cart away the goods
consigned to them by the farmers.
OTHER FIRMS ACCUSED.
POSSIBLE PLAX.
Wolf & Sons, MeDonough & Ruuyon.
Wetraore Bros, and L. Scatena & Co.,
its foxir commission firms that were
recently deprived of their permits to
p«U perishable products on the
wtarres. 'have decided to appear before
The Board of Harbor Commissioners by
their attorney, J. B. Reii^steia, at a
meeting' to be isel<5 to-morrow, and ask
for a hearing. They wish to have some
poirts preaerted concerning the Woo3-^
ward law and -.rill make several claims
if the beard wishes to listen to them.
A stateznert in writing will be sub
mitted by Attorney Reinatein, in which
some cl the provisions of the law will
be attacked. It will be asserted that
the provisions are loosely drawn and
that they ccrcir.and impossible things.
The strongest attempt will be made to
show that the law does not confer upon
the Harbor Commissioners jurisdiction
to act wher^ sales take place anywhere
except on the wharves of the State in
Fan Francisco. "What will come of
Ihls Is only a matter of conjecture, but
it is known that the commission men
expect to brinr the entire matter into
court bv some sort of a test case.
ery are good
The name of the footpad that held
up six men in Little's saloon on How
ard street, near Fourth, on Sunday
night is not Harry Howard, but W. J.
Watson. He made that confession to
Detective Ryan yesterday morning and
admitted that he had just completed a
term of ten years In the penitentiary
at St. Louis for highway robbery. His
parents live In Indian Territory and his
chief desire was that they should not
know of his arrest here.
Watson was not alone In the hold-up.
He had two companions, W. H. Owens
and a youth known as "the Kid," who
came here with him from Texas on De
cember 2 for the sole purpose of rob
bing people. Owens was in the saloon
and when Watson ordered the men to
throw up their hands Owens also threw
up his hands, but was prepared to go
to Watson's assistance if there had
been any attempt at resistance. "The
Kid" remained outside the saloon on
the lookout. Owens was arrested yes
terday morning at the Denver House,
217 Third street, by Detectives Ryan
and Taylor and locked up In the
"tanks," where he will be detained till
It Is determined what charge can, be
made against him. . "The Kid" has not
yet been arrested.
Watson was in Police Judge Mogan's
court yesterday on a charge of robbery.
When his case was called he limped
out of the dock, as his wounded leg
was bothering him, and In answer to
the Judge said he did not have an at
torney. He was instructed as to his
rights and the case was continued till
December 11, when the Judge will ap
point an attorney to look after his in
terests.
Policeman Charles F. Skelly, who
wounded Watson, and Policeman T. C.
Murphy, who arrested him, were in
court yesterday. They said that Wat
son, after his arrest, told them that if
his revolver had worked properly they
would have both been in the Morgue.
Both officers have been highly compli
mented for their courage in arresting
such a desperado.
It appears that the same bullet that
struck Watson on the leg also struck
the wounded lad, George King of 157
Clara street. After the bullet struck
Watson it hit the ground and rebound
ed; striking the boy, who out of curios
ity got in the line of fire. The boy's
condition remains unchanged at the
Central Emergency Hospital, but Dr.
J. D. Murphy says that unless blood
poisoning sets in his chances for recov-
Macken drank the liquor, walked
across the street to the paint shop and
killed himself.
"That's a very poor way to do," re
marked Glowbody; then, seeing that
the stranger needed a stimulant,
added: "Well, take it anyway; I
guess you need It."
Joseph Macken, a man about 35
years of age, placed the muzzle of a
pistol In' his mouth yesterday and sent
a bullet into his brain. He died in
stantly.
The deed was committed in the paint
shop of Peter Brown, 666* Mission
street. At 8:45 o'clock in the morning
Macken entered the shop, drew a
chair up to the counter and sat down.
John Brown, brother of the proprietor,
was kindling a fire and, seeing that
Macken was a total stranger, walked
toward him' and asked whether he
could do anything for him. The man
made no repry, but quickly drawing a
revolver out of his pocket, placed the
muzzle in his mouth and' pulled the
trigger. An ambulance from the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital was sum
moned immediately, but the suicide
was dead when it arrived.
Peter Glowbody, a bartender in a
saloon at the corner of Third and Mis
sion streets, identified the body as that
of a man who had walked into his
place that morning and ordered a
drink of whisky and, . when it was
served to him. declared that he had
been held up a short time before that
and had been robbed of every cent he
had.
Perishable Products Gather on
Wharves and Xo Attempt Is
Made to Take Them Away
Condition of the Boy George
King, Who Was Wounded Ac
cidentally, Remains the Same
Young Man Only Recently Ar
rived From Ireland Acts
Peculiarly Before Suicide
WISH TO HOLD PERMITS
ANOTHER EVADES CAPTURE
SAYS HE WAS HELD UP
His Brains With Revolver
Joseph Maken Walks. Into a
Paint Shop and Blows Out
Commission Merchants Take
Preliminary Steps to Test
Validity of Woodward Law
Police Arrest Companion of
the Footpad That Was
Shot by Patrolman Skelly
HEARING WILL
BE DEMANDED
BEGS DRINK
AND ENDS ALL
ROBBER BAND
IS BROKEN UP
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", TUESDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1903.
Windjammer That Once Reached This Port in a Sadly
Dismantled Condition Is Again Assaulted by the
Hurricane \ and Puts Into Port Stanley in Distress
BARK WILLSCOTT AGAIN STRIPPED
IN A BATTLE WITH THE ELEMENTS
12
¦¦'¦¦.» 'v ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Why is Pears' Soap— the
best' in the world, the soap
with no free alkali in it-r-
sold for 15 cents a cake?
'It was made for a hos-
pital soap in the first
place, made by request,
the doctors wanted a- soap
that would wash as sharp
as any and do no harm
to the skin. That means
a soap all soap, with -no
free alkali in it, nothing
but soap; there is nothing
1 mysterious in it. Cost de-
pends on. quantity; quan-
tity comes of quality.
Sold all over the ¦world.
ADVmH.TXSEI£E!£'TS-
7~7-TT '"•^•ffH »¦¦' m I a'f wy CUBES CA-
CF "H » TTT!ilT> | flATAtfCTT OF
I'm: 'I'xLiiOAT. CATAEHH OF THE
T-'T^-, CATAETTT7 OF TEE XitTZTGS
iSB OOSXI'll! UTlOlf All CATAEEE OF
rvrsT VAancTT.
KCSS FSOO7:
Sir. T. T. Rea. Palo Alto. CaL
Mr. Rca says: "The Elcctro-Chemic
treatment cured me of a serious con-
stitutional catarrh .after many physi-
cians had treated me with little suc-
cess. I gladly recommend electro*
chemistry to all in need of a cafarrhal
treatment."— T. T. REA, Palo Altu.
California,
CONSULTATION rnrr
X-RAYEXAMmATIONl I ILL
Specialties — Caammption. Catarrh-
Excaciitia. Asrthma, Cancer.. Tmnoni
BMfccss, Head and Ear Jffolaes, Bheuma-
ttea, Parilysia, Heuraljrla. PUes, ©i«.
eases cf tte Etottach, tlTer. TSlOnejM and
Bo-crels. Special Diseases cf aien and wo-
xcctl. All chronic Clseases.
HOaiE TREATMENT— If you live at a dla
t«rv?e. try to come for a personal examination!
.t you can't come, write for Instructions for
hcrze exaxnlneticn and troataient.
ELECTRO-CBEMIC INSTITUTE,
118 CKAHT AVI, Cor. Post.
BAff FEA.TTCISCO.
Offlee Hoors — 9 a. ra. to 3 p. m. and 7 to S n
•a. daily; Bunaars. 10 a. rn. to 1 p. m.
Beparau apanmenta for la<llc» and fentleraen.
BAXLWAY TBAVZZi.
SOUTHERN^PACIFIC
(Mala Una. Foct of Market Street )
L«4T« — rBoxNoT**"* 3^ 1808 - — A3U> [^
7J>0a V.carUle. Winters. *«»*2"vi— • 7i5»
7 J0a Valleji!' Napi." " Catlstop. Saata
Rosa. MarUaex, 8«n L»mon..... %J3r
7J9a Ktl«s. LiTenaore. Tracj. LatUrox
fitock-oa 7-Zsr
8-COa Ehasu Express- (?»» _»•'*•>•
William* (for BarUett Spriags),
W llloirs. tFruto. !<•<» Blufl.
PortJand. Tacoina. Seattle...... 7.W*
«X0* D«»t».Woo«ll»Dd.KniKhuL»i»dla«.
MarytrUle, OtotIUb. ....... ...... '^»*
8.30* Ton Cosla. Martlne*, AnUoclv
Byron. Tracy. Stockton, Sew-
maa, U* Banoe, M«»«»t«.
Annona, Baaford. Vlsalts, _^
PorterrUle V'.C * 2 *^
M-ZOa Port Costa, Martinet. TracTjLatn-
rop. Modesto, Merced, rresno,
Oosnea .Inaction. Hanford.
Visalls, Bakersfleld •-- . *¦*"
8-30* Hues. Saa Jo«e. Lirennore. Stock-'
too. (tMilton). lone, Sacramento.
riacerrtUe. MarysTlUe. Caico.
Ked Bluff 4«8»
850* Oakdale. Chinese, Jamestown. So-
nora. Tool umne and Angels ..f-S*
I tOO* AtlnatleKxpress— Ogden »nd E>»w. 11^5*
ti-30* Biehmond. HartSaes and Way
Stations eVSO»
IOCOa The OTerlaad Limited — UKdea.
DeBTer. Omaha, Cttloago. .2-if*
1000a Vallejo 1i2S»
10. CO* Los Anireles Passeoger — Port
) Cost*. Martinet. Byroa. Tracy,
Lachrop. Stockton. Mereed.
I Kayinond. Fresno, G«shen Juno-
tlon, Hanford. Lemoore, VlsaUa.
Bakersfleld. Los Angeles Z'iS.
tt-OQv Hayward. Kites and "Way Station*. a-M;
ti-OOr SUcriraento UlTer Ste»mer» tllJJW
»Mr Benleia, Winters, Sacramento,
I Woodland. Knights Laadlac
t MarrsTUle, OroTlUa and ¦way
•uuoB* tS-HS
SZOr Bayvard.NUesaadWay 8uaoaa>. 7M»
liHr Port Costa. MarUaes. Byroa,
Traey. Latarea. Modesto.
: • %. Merad. Fresno aa4 Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Costa 12-2S*
HOr Martinez. Traer.8tockton.Lodl... lO^&A
400r- liarttnex.Sanl^naon.ValleJo.Hapa, --- ,
Caltstoga. 8*nU Rosa. 8-ZS*
4 OOr KUes. Tracy. Stockton. Lodt 4.25f
4.30T Bay ward. Ntles. Irvlnfton. Saa I tg.55*
Jose, LtTennore | tli.S&a
* 6-COr Tne Owl Limited— Newman. Los
Banos. Mendota, Fresno. Tnlara.
Bakersfleld. Los Angeles 9. 55*
6.00r Port Coata. Tracy. Stockton 12.2SP
tB 30r Ibyward. Mir* and San Jose 7. 25*
1 6-0Or Hsy ward. Ktlesaod San Jose 9.&&A
tJCQr Eastern Express— Ofrden. Denrer.
Omaha. St. Lonls. Chicago and
East. Port Costa. Benicla, Sal-
sun. Elmlr*. Paris. Sacramento,
RwckiiB. Auburn, Colfaz,
Trnckee. Boca, Reno. Wads-
worth. WJnnemucca B^Sr
I.SOp Vallejo, daily, »xcept Sonday.... I 7 ».
7.0Cr Vallejo, Soaday only f ••""'
7.C0F ktehmond. ban Pablo. Port Costa,
; Martlnes ami Way SUtlons 11.2S*
8C6r Oregon 4 California Kxpreis— Qao>
ramento. MarysTille. Bedding.
Portland. Poget Sound and East. . »53*
I.IOp Bay ward. KllesaadSon Jo»e(3na-
dayonly) 1t-gl%
COAST LINE {X*rr»« Uaaga).
(Jfoot of Market Street.) mmm
8.16a Newark, CenterTllle. San Jose.
Felton. Boolaer Creek. Santa
Cras and Way Stations 5-53*
tilSr Newark. CenterrlUe. San Jose,
New Almaden, Los Gatos.7ei.toa,
Bonlder Creek. 9anta Ciua and
Principal Way Stations ttO-SS*
4.15» Krwarfc, Ban Jose, Los Batos and \ t8.SS4
waystaUon-i (:10 55a
«3 SOr H misers Train. Saturday only. Saa
Jose and Way Stations. Ketorn-
ing from Los Gatos Sunday only. 17 25>_
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN r"UA> CISCO, Foot of Market St. (311?«
—ri:l5 »:G0 11:00 a.m. 100 3.00 515 t.m.
from OAKLAND, root of Broadway — t»:0O JS:M
t8:05 11>:0Oa.m. 1200 2-00 4-00 T.X.
COAST LINE (Broad «a«e).
OT (Third ami Townsend Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations. $.30*
7 CO* San Jose and Way Stations o-3S>>
8.00a New Almaden (Tnes., Frld., only), 4.10T
I 00a CoastLlne Limited — StopsonlySan
Jose. Gllroy (connection for Bol-
llster), Pajaro. CAstro-rUle. Sa-
linas. San Ardo. Paso Bobles,
Santa Margarita, San LnSa Obispo,
Principal stations thence Surf
J . ' (connection for'Lonlpoc) princi-
pal stations thence Santa Bar>
eara and Los Angeles. Conaec-
t'on at CastroTllie to and frota
Monterey and Pacific Grore 13-43r
8. CO* Ban Jose. Tres Plnos, Capitola,
BantaCrnz.Paciac Grove. Salinas,
San Lais Obispo and Principal
Way Stations^ ............. 4-10*
10.30* Can Jose and Way Stations 1.20V
11-20* 8anta Clara, San Jose, Los Gttos
and Way Stations 7.30
\X0r San Jose and Way SUtlons 83a»
oXOr PaciacGroTeKxpress— SantaClara
Ean Jcse, Del Monte, Monterey,
Pacific Grave (connect* at Santa
Clara for Santa Crus, Boulder
' Creek and N arrow Gauge Points)
j at Gliroy for Holllster. Tre*
Pinos. at CastroTtUe for Salinas. 12.18*
8 -30> Tres Plnos Way Passenger |1 0. 45 a
H 4s»- ban Jose, (tIa Santa Clara) Los
Gatos, and Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Sunday) *9.12*
55 3Cr Ean Jose and Principal Way Stations tS.OllA
SCO? Sunset Limited.— Kedwood. Saa
Jose, G 11 roy . Sallnaa, Paso Kobles,
Ean Lais Oliispo. Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles. Demlng. Kl Paso,
New Orleans. New York. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Santa Crns
and at Castrortll* for Ptcilo
GroTe and Way SUtlons 7.10a
f S-lEr Sau Mateo,Beresford,Belmont,eaa
Carlos, Redwood. Fair Oaka,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto tS 14 a
B.?0f Ean Jose and Way Stations. & 33^
1 1 .30> South San Francisco, M illbrae, Bur-
HnKame. San Mateo, Belmont,
San Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 8.43»
ail.SOp May lleM, Mountoln View, Snaay-
• ¦ Tale, Lawrence, Baata Clara aad
San Jose .- t3-43r
A for Morning. p for After noo»
i Sunday only.
I Stops at all stations oa 6unday.
•t Sunday exeepted. a ttaturday only.
EV~Only trains stoppmt; st Valencia St. soathbo«a4
•re6:10 a.M..T:0Oa.m., U:iVA.M.,3.S0r.M. aad «:S0p.».
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO ANj NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COK?A5T.
Tttraron Ferry. Foot or Market Street.
BAST FRANCISCO TO SAW BAPASIi.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 0:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:55,
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 d. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at l:5O and 11:30 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 8:CO. 9:30. 11:00 a. in.; 1:30.
3:30, 5:C0. 6:20, 11:30 p. m.
SAW BAI-AEL TO SA3T FBAKCZSCO.
WEEK DATS— «:05, 7:35. 7:6O. 9:20. 11:13
a m.: 12:50. 3:iO, 5:00. 6:20 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 2:05 and «:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40, 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
4:55, 5:C5. 6:25 p. in.
Leave J In Effect J Arrive
Ban Francisco. I Sept. '27. 1903. [San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I -days, f tton. ( days. | Days.
7:30 a S:COa 9:10 a 8:40 a
9:30 a Ignado. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:08 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 8:00 p 7:33 p
7:30a 9:10a 8:40 a
8:00 a Novato, 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 9:3Oa Fetaluma 6:06 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 3:3Op and 7:35 p
I .1:00 p Santa Rosa. |
7:30 a 110:40 a 10:20 a
8:00a Fulton. l7:35p 6:20»
8:80 p 3:30 p ]
~~~~ "Windsor. j
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburr. [10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton. |
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyservtlte. | 7:33 p 8:20 p
| Cloverdale. )
7:30 al 8:00 a) Hopland 110:40 a|10:20"a
3:30 p| 3:30 p( and Uklah. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30a|S:0Oa| WliUta. |7:35p|6:20p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a!10:20 a
3:30p| 3:30p| GaernevUla. |7:33pi6:20p
7:30 al 8:0O al Sonoma. J9:10a| 8:40a
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. ( 6:03 pi 6:20 p
7:30 a! 8:00 al 110:40 a!10:20 a
3:30 pi 3:30 p| Sebaatopol. f 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San '
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for Whits Sulphur
Springs; at Fultcn for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey-
servllle for Skagga Springs; at Cloverdale for
th* Geysers, Boonevtlla and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno,
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside, Llerly's.
Bucknell"B. Sanhedrln Heights, Hullvllle, OiTa
Hot Springs, Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens. Hopkins, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg,
Westport. Usal; at WilUta for Fort Bragg.
Westport. Sherwood, Cahto. Povello. Layton-
vllle. Cummlngs. B«!l's Springs. Harris. Ol-
sen's. Dyer. Garberville. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip ticket* at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all polnta
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 630 Market street. Chronicle
bulidins.
H. C. WHITTS-G. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. G«n. Pajw. Agt.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
E8 A GREAT RESTORATIVE. CJV1GORA-
tor and Nervine.
Th* most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both «»¦»«»
- The Mexican Remejty for Disease* of tk*
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merit*.
NABER. AL.FS & BRTJNE. Agenta.
823 Market it, 8. F.— (Send tot Circular*,,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
bidigestion and Too Heaitj Eating. A per-
. feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsl-
aess, Bad Taste in the Mouth, jCoated Tongus
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose.
Small Price.
flCoal Reduction j
I American Cannel |
I Sold by All Reliable Dealers. 1
¦ abb* a BflH Cared to STAY CURED. Cwae
, f| «Ti I 11 H R « remcred. Health r«torfd. At-
II \ I H lVi la Uclsov*rr»tnn». tathe*rtily
I ¦ %7 I DI1IISI inywlwre. > o further need o(
m-JicicM Book 60 FREE. Ninety |w*»*, ml Utxrat
A u hma and Us/ Fmr. P. Hurold Hayei, BuCalo, K.T.
I RHEUMATISM 'fSSSi
Helpless, Physical and Financial sniffer no longer R
For information, write SAN LUIS HOT SUL-M
PHUR SPRINGS, SAN LUIS OBISPO. CALJI
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
M 6ALIF0RNIA g
U LIMITED TO CHUMGO B
b LEAVES HAILY I
t ; a. u-.iiv a. ...., k.;>«-o~fe>a >•• S cays* I
K with diner and all trappings. a
Other Santa Fe Trains:
o : 25 ** !?• I for Stockton. Freano, Bakersfield.
8 : 00 in' \ M* 1^*" 1 ' Haniord and Vlaalia.
4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
j 8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
Ticket Office: 641 Market St., and Ferry
Depot. S. F. Atso 11U Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.
¦ TO SAN RAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO,,ETC.
via Sausalito Ferry.
Suburban Service, Standard Gaure Electric —
Depart from San Franctswo Daily— 7:00, 8:00.
9:C0. 10:00, 11:00 a. m.. 12:20. 1:45, 3:15. 4:15.
5-15. 8:13. 7:00, 8:45, 10:20, 11:45 p. m. I
FROM SAN* RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCUT
—Daily— 5:25. tt :35. 7:40, 8:35, 0:35. U:05 a.
m.. 12:20. 1:45, 2:55. 3:45. 4:45, 5:43. 8:43.
8:45. 10:20 p. m.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAX FRAN-
CISCO— Dally— 5:45, 6:55. 7:52, 8:55. 0:55,
11:20 a. m.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15,, 4:05. 5:05. 8:05,
7:05. 9:00. 10:35 d. m.
.THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. m. daily — Cazadero and way •tatlona.
5:15 p. m. we«k days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations,
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way eta-
Sundays only— 10 a.- m.. Point Reyes ana
•way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— 628 Market at.
FERRT — Union Depot, foot of Market «t-
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
" ¦ Leave Vi* 8raa!it} Tarry Arrive -
San Francisco fot if Mirfctt Sv San Frandaco
Week Sun- \jfiEsV_ Son- Week
Days, days day* Days.
•"hTooT fe^^SiA U:05, fol4Ol
*1:46p 9:00a WSBMBB 1:«5p »:50p
5i15p IO-.OOa t&S^W B:50r 5:KOp
h:ooa yfgmgigr *.&or »-.»o»
*Csa»»ct TlflnUp tot Kysrn m4 TOhw fl—y
' tleiR } 626 Majuget St.,( Xorth Shore Railroad)^
OlflCB ( and Savsauto Fszay, Foot Markat ScTACOMA. Dec. J.'— Cleaning's, $409,504- bal
ances. $40,077.- »
PORTLAND. Dec. 7.— Clearings. ' $849 923
balances. $41,853. . .- - • . . *
SPOKANE. Dec 7. — Clearings. $473,424; bal
ances. $54,802. ;-.:• ,-..
SEATTLE. Dec. 7.— Oeartngg, $708,808; bnl
ance». $140,580. •¦;i3SS5fil&&& - ¦ ¦ .
Northern Business.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 7. — The cotton market
closed barely steady with prices, at a -net loss
of from 22 to 23 points.
Poultry- opened the week with th*t market
well supplied and the demand less active than
usual, owins to the closlnc of tho ™tlnff
hou8P«. Two cars of . Western were marketed
and, there was .quite a quantity of local stock
on hantl that had been carried over from Sat
urday, - , Easier prices, ruled, for some descrip
tions and Western Hena^and Roonters that
«old at $7. per -dozen {early, last .week could be
bought- at ¦»«.-"•-"¦ ,V:';' "
. • (jarnit arrived freely XB«- was weak. In fact
tho dullness In that department of th? market
was more pronounced than -In Poultry, and
there were large. quantities Btlll unsold at the
• POULTltY— Dressed Turkey*. 27iS^«c per lb;
live Turkeys,. 21623c per' lb; Geese, per pair.
$1 76S2; Go*>llnK«. J2S2 2."; Ducks. • $5i®<J • per
dozpn for old and ?f>©7 for young: ll^ns, %:,-,!>
5 60 for; small -and. $«JiC CO for large: young
Roosters. . *.-«<?: old RooPters.. , $3«5 .',0;
Frjem, $4 50S?ri;;IJrpllers, $4 W©5 for large and
$3 5C*4 for small;" Pigeons. $ltft 25 per do«en
for. old and $2^2 25 for^quabs^ ¦-,
- >OAMB- Mallard;: Ducks, if ««ir> F.O.pfr dozen;
Canvasback. $4*i«; KprlR.J.If/4 50; Te«l, $2 r.0
{r3 • .".Widgeon. ; $2 WWM;* fmall Ducks,- ¦ $2;
Gray ¦ Geese/. $3«?3 '50; •»: White .Geese. . $1©1 50:
Brant.-:- $1 f.0 »for . smalU and '?2. 50 for -large;
Honkers; $5 for' large and: *4' for- small; ¦ EnR
ltab - Snipe, f 3; ¦' common " fc'nlpe, . 51- 75; Wild
Poultry and Game.
ST. LOUIS. ¦ Mo., "U*c. 7.— Wool, dull aod
•wfRk but unchansed; medium grades, combine
and cl<;thln;r, 174?2l^c; llKht fine. • 13917 t;, c .
heavy fine. 12S14»4c; tub-washed, 20@31c,
5"/. Loins Wool Market.
¦ BAGS — Grain Bans, S@5V4c; San Quentln,
«.55c; Wool Bag*. 32©."5Oc; Fleece Twine. 7%»
8c; Cotton Fruit Bags. C'^c. C»4c and 7&C for
the three grades ;. Brown Jute, tfla07Hc
COALr— Wellington. $8 Der ton; New Wel
lington. $Nt Seattle. $6 SO; Bryant, $<i 60; Bea
ver Hill, 15 60; Standard, »": Hosl/n, $7; Coos
Hay, $."> ftu; Greta. $7: Wallsend. $7: Rich
mond. , $7-50; Cumberland, ilu in bulk an-i
*I4 25 in packs; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
*ll; Welsh Anthracite ECB. *13; Welsh- Lump,
$11 60; Cannel. $s 50 per ton; Coke, fit Bog
i:; ptr ton In bulk and" $15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions, $11 45 per. 2000 lbs and
$12 SO per long ton; according to, brand. .
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for rases,
add'Bc.'- Linseed. 45c per gallon for boiled and
43c ' for raw; • Castor Oil. In cases. • No. ¦ 1. 70c;
Bakeni'-AA.. tl.lC^l 12: Lucol. 41c for/boiled
and 42c for raw; China' Nut, 55©70c per^rallon;
Cocoanut OH. m barrels. ESc for Ceylon and 55c
for 'Australian;* extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil .SOc; = natural- winter. Sperm Oil, T.*y, oxtra
bleached winter Whale Oil. U5c: natural Whale
Oil 00c; extra .winter Strained Lard Oil. 85c;
No' 1 Urd Oil. '75c;- pure.Neatsfoot Oil." 75c;
No ¦ l'. Neatsfc-ot .Oil. 65c:- light Herring Oil.
45c* dark Herring Oil. :43c; Salmon - Oil, 38c:
boilVd Fish Oil. 4O2; raw KIsh Oil. age; boiled
Paint Oil, :55c; raw Faint OU. 33c. • .
; COAL ¦ OIL— Water .. White Coal . OH in bulk."
1514c: Pearl Oil' in cases, .22c; Astral. .22c;
gtar. 22c; Extra fitar, 2tfc; Elaine, iZSc^Eocene,
25c; deodorized Stove GaBdllne.,, in .bulk. ".17c;
in rases. -sau-c; Benzine. In bulk/ 13c: In caaes.
loy.e; Mi-rtesree Uasollnc, in bulk.-. 21c; » In
ca»e8. '27\4c.> ¦¦ .--•'•..- '.;.'¦'-¦*¦¦¦- ' ¦ ¦ * ; . ¦:
''- TURPENTINR — SOc per gallon in Teases: and
74cln drurnu «nd:lron harrels.' :'."•' ' ..¦¦¦¦¦
RED AND WHITE : LEAD— Red *L*ad, a'.i^
General Merchandise.
Pleads Guilty to a Charge of Assault
With Intent to Commit
Robbery.
Joseph V. Woods pleaded guilty In
Judge Cook's cburt yesterday to a
charge of assault with Intent to com
mit robbery and was ordered to ap
pear for sentence on December 19.
He was tried on September 6, but the
Jury disagreed.
On the morning of February 15
Woods entered the restaurant of Pet
er Stepovich, 531 Taylor street, and
demanded that Stepovich hand over
to him the money iifthe cash drawer.
Stepovich objected and Woods seized
a bottle and struck him on the head
with it. He. became alarmed at Step
ovich'8 cries for help and ran away.
He was caught hiding in some shrub
bery in the front garden of a house on
O'Farrell street.
The . evidence showed that Woods
remarked to some friends a few hours
before the assault that he was going
out to get money, even if he had to
kill somebody. It is said that he Is
well connected in the East.
. ¦ m ¦
Rescues Chinese Slave.
Donaldlna Cameron, superintendent
of the . Chinese Presbyterian Home at
920 Sacramento street, applied yesterday
to the Superior Court to be appointed
guardian of the person and estate of
Chuey Ling, a Chinese girl less than 10
years of age. She says the little one
has bt»en cruelly abused by Louis Sang.
In -whose custody she wai held as a
slave.
Governmental insurance of horses In
Bavaria la eminently satisfactory, as
shown by the first annual report of the
Royal Chamber, of Insurance. The Gov
ernment has conducted the bualnew of
insuring rattle against fire and bail for
many years.
KFTT YOICK. I>c. 7.— All the interest in
to-df.y'y clock market up to the l&et hour was
• onfined to the movements of a few special
ties. These served to hold th« market firm,
<1mpdte the dullness of the trading elsewhere
in the list, until the time for the publication of
the Preiideiii's mtssag'-. Immediately upon
tl»<s HFjtfarartc* of that document the market
took on strength and animation and advanced
comprehensively. The railroad list, which
! ;.m lain inrrt up to that time, came into the
upward movement and tbe prominent active
l>-ad>rft made gain* of a point or more. 'St.
i'nul gained tf-mrly 2 points. The profeftMonal
trader*, who did roost of the buying c-f the
Mockc, cave c« thrir motive their opinion of
the 1 conservative tone of the President'* dim
fugfc tn the treatment of the problem of ccr
jHjratlo-n regulation. It was not until late. in
-,he day that th« extent of the engagements of
cold in I^ondon for -exoort became known.
Th«"f* footed up over $1,400,000. For the
«n-eater part of the day the active speculation
in Amalgamated Cor-per predominated in the
whol* market. Tto« buying of this etock was
rrofc-enediy based ux>on the co-called fair trial
liji; in Montana, but tbe personality of the
brokrr* employed In tbe buying also had a
strong ¦ influence upon sentiment, being taken
io ebow a revival of activity in tbe interests
Innx dominant in that . stock. Tbe unremit
ting t'roiit t&klns in Brooklyn Rapid Transit.
* hich wmt on throughout the day. was highly
Kigninc&nt in the same relation. Besides these
two stocks United Elates Eteel preferred made
up th* creau-r part of the rwnalnlnsr activity,
hut it made Utile headway toward advance
until the final upward movement. The confi
dent tone of the annual report of the Comp
troller of the Currency as to tbe nafe passing
of tlu> fi-.!! jnorr-y crisis bad a cheering effect
Upon t't:'jm»r.t. Call money wm appreciably,
easier la tone »nd a, rcactlcs la tit cotton
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Spelter, quiet, unchanged. Spot nominally
quoted at $5 £3 In New York, and wan 2s 6d
higher in London, closing at £20 12s 6d.
Iron cloced at 48s 6d In Glasgow and at 41s
Cd in Mlddl«sboro. Locally Iron was un
changed. No. 1 foundry northern is quoted nt
$15616; No. 2 foundry northern, $14^15; No.
1 foundry southern and No. 1 foundry'southern
sort, $13 50314. •
NEW YORK, Dec. 7.-rSpot tin advanced £1
In London Uo £119 15s. end futures were 17%s
higher at £120 17« Cd. Locally tin was quiet
and nominally higher at $20 12%.
Copper was rather Irregular In London, «pot
being unchanged at £65,. while futures declined
2s 6d to £64 12s 6d. Locally copper was quiet
and without material change either in prices
or general trade conditions. Lake, $12*/ 12 37%
electrolytic. $12 12%. and casting, $12.
Lead was unchanged at $4 25 locally and at
£11 Is 3d in London. -.- .
New York Metal Market.
WOODS DECIDES NOT TO
BE TRIED SECOND TIME
There are not many Hogs coming. In. but
the demand is light. The market is showing
more firmness again, though quotations - are
unchanged. -
\ DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates ' from slaughterers to deal
ers are an follows: '
BEEF— ()%®7%c for Steers and 4U§Cc per
Ib for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 8@9e; small. 0@0%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8©8%c; Ewe«. 8@8%o
per lb.
LAMB— 9%®10c per lb. .
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7%®9c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 60
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
¦CATTLE— Steere. SfcOc; Cows and Heifers,
7&Sc: ' thin Cows. 4@5c per lb.
CALVES— 4(&4%o per ib (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers 3%®4c; Ewes, 3%@3%c
per lb <gro<!s -' weight).
• LAMBS — l%@5c. per- lb.
. HOGS— Live Hogs 140 to 180 lbs, 5Uc; over
ISO. lbs. 5c; Sows. 20 per. cent off; Boars, 50
per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent off from
abov, quotations. ; ., - ;¦
Meat Market.
CHICAGO. Dec. 7.— CATTLE— Receipts
26,000; elow. steady; good to prime steers.,
$5 15@fi; poor to medium, $3 50<fi>4 75; stock
era and feeders, $2^4 25; cows, $1 G0£4; helt
en, $2@-4 75; canners. $1 50®2 40; bulls $20
4 60; calves. $2 50«i6 75; Texas fed steers. %:m
3 75; Western steers. ?3@4 20. - -
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 45,000; to-morrow.
40.000; 5c higher; mixed and butchers', $1 3og>
4 60; good to choice heavy. $4 45@4 60; rough
heavy, $4 2O@>4 40; light, $4 20@4 50; bulk of
salet>. $4 4504 W.-
SHEEP— Receipts, 20,000: sheep, slow, lower;
Iambs. 10c lower; good to choice wethers, $3 75
&4 25; fair to choice mixed, $303 75: Western
sheep. $3®4 25: native lambs, $4@5 25; West
ern lambs. $4 5005 60. ¦•¦' •¦....,
CHICAGO,
Eastern Livestock Market.
Receipts of Potatoes over Sunday were
large, aggregating 14.347 . sacks, and Included
3107 from Oregon. The market waa quiet, ' as
the dullness Which usually prevails on Mon
day was enhanced by the closing of a large
number of restaurants owing to labor trou
bles. Three cars of Sweet Potatoes cams in
and there was a sharp decline in prices.
Onions were In free supply and ruled weak
at easier rates.
Mont kinds of vegetables were in ample
supply, and although quotations bad little
change, prices were inclined to easiness, ow
ing to the light demand among dealers who
cater to the restaurant trade. Poor quality
offerings of Peas and Beans • from Los An
geles were still abundant and moved very
slowly at unsteady rates. Very poor lots were
still offering at r»Oc(?f?l per sack. Tomatoes
from Los Angeles were weak owing to the
abundance and low prices of the Bay article.
Carrled-over lots of the latter were offering
below, the quotations and the canncrs secured
quite a quantity at 10c per box. Offerings of
Green Peppers were chiefly of poor quality and
sold slowly while Dried Peppers, which were
plentiful, met with a fair demand at good
flgurrs.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river, CO^
Me per ctl; Salinas" Burbanks,- $1521 43 per ctl;
Oregon Burbanke. 80cfi$l 10 per ctl; River
Reds. 00@75c per ctl; Sweet Potatoes. $113
per ctl. ...
. ONIONS — $1©1 IK per ctl. t
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 204c per' lb:
String Baans, 205c. per lb: Wax. 2JJ5c; Lima
Beans. 8c per lb: Tomatoes, 4O4T75c ptr , box
for bay and Cft©75c per -crate for Los An
g»le§; Summer Squai>h from Los Angelen, «0®
75c. per box: Cabbage. COc per ctl: Carrots.- 75c
per suck: Cucumbers, $1(pV £5 per box , for bay
and G0S7&C for Los Aneeles: Garlic. d#7c per
lb: Egg Plant. l"c p*r lb; Dried Peppers. 7VS
08c per lb' for Stockton and 11^12%c tor
southern; Dried Okra. 1216c per Ib; Green
Peppers 53^600 per box ; Munhrooms, "5<&>7oc
ppr drawer: 'Marrowfat and Hubbard • Squash,
$V0fi12 per ton for round lots »nd %@lc per
lb for sacked. ' . .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries, 16023c: dai
ries 14621c: eggs, steady. 23@25c; cheese,
steady, 10S10%c.
Foreign Futures. :
Wheat— Dec. ' March. May.
Opening • .... 6 4y 4 , 6 8'4
Closing 6 4% 6 SU
PARIS.
Wheat— Nov. Mar -June
Opening .20 75 20 90
Closing 20 75 20 65
Flour —
Opening 28 35 28 CO
Closing ; 28 35- 28 00
The condition of the general Hop market
is stated In the first column.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about.'l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
(steers, 9c; medium. ,Sc; light, 7%c; Cow Hide*.
7%c for heavy and 7%c for light;' Stags. 6c;
Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal. 10c; Salted Calf.
10%Sllc; dry Hides. 15c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf ISc; Sheepskins, shearlings • 25Q30c eacn
short Wool. -40<200c each;. Horse Hides. • salt.
$2 75 fcr largo and $2@2 50 for medium, $1 23
vfl 75 for small and 50c for CoUs; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 30 for me
dium, $1(91 23 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 32c; dry salted
Mexican. 25c: 'dry Central American. 32c. Goat
8kln» — Prime Angoras. "5e; large and smooth,
50c: medium. 35c; small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%o per lb;
No. 2. 4c; greaee. 2%©3c.
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaijuin Lambs'. 90
lie: Middle County. 11912c; Northern Free,
11612c: Northern Defective. 10©llc; Humboldt
and Mendoclno. 12®14c; Nevada, 13@15c; Ore
gon line. lSftlUc; Oregon medium, 17c per lb.
HOPS — 10@22c per lb for California.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
•"ntlnu«''i firm at 21 ??22c. The market for
'hops »as reported holding steady to
S:-m »t unrhansvl nrlep*. Th»>r<» were report*
'if additional trading hut no particulars wens
•riv«"n. <*>:•¦ : T-, i.-.-v from ClfTinany reported
lb«t a slight decline In prices was recovered.
»n<J that th«> rr.nrk»n held firm. I»cally the
iTiprk'-t held firm. Buflrrees was quiet. Deal
"ts. however, were looking forward to a bet
ter tra<3r after the turn of the 3'es.r, and
prices were well maintained."
JVivc Exports in November.
The export* of Win« from San Francisco by
t-fn durir.r the month of November were as
To — Gallons. Cases. Values.
New York 277.511 4 -'l,' ¦.--•, $83,745
-.--.-,::.-¦. Ielsn<!s.... 57.4<H 158 25.252
Mrxico — 1<).2O3 64 4.481
I'snama 6.000 .. 1,K:S6
ontrsl America 4.R58 54 2.37«
I>u«dor 3.600 3 1.K57
l«rttl«h Columbia 2.29« 15 910
K**t indie«"!i!!!!!!! 4a« .. 24s
Untt Britain.'.".'."."!.'.* 248 .** 124
Total? 066,618 294 $133,052
Th*> trad*' l»*t month was less artivo than
in Octrthrr. In that month the »xports were
l.!29,:>50 callotiK anj 4X0 caws, valued at KS91>
S<"*. inclusive of «hipm»T>t« to New York, which
v»r» 977.7*4 ~-h'.". -r* and H2 ca*e». valued at
f^2S.254. In November. 1902. the exports were
«'-TO.2yi gallons sr.d 55S r».«fs, valued at $211.
• T-".. In that month 501.74«S gallons and 18
c*»es, valued at $16^.373, went to New York.
Weather Report.
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. December 7—5 p. m.
The following are tjje seasonal rainfalls to
riate. as compared with those of the name date
laft i-euson. and the rainfall in the last twenty.
four hour*:
Last This Lest
Stations — 24 houre. pr>ason. Season.
r;ur«-ka 0.00 ' 14.34 14. »8
K*d BWtt O.Oii 8.72 11.37
Sacramento O.00 3.52 4.02
Han Francisco o.oo 4.42 3.90
Fresno 0.00 O.54 2.«i7
Independence 0.00 0.42 0.79
Ban Lule Oblspo 0.00 0.44 3.52
Ijok Awlfs Trace 0'.43 2.47
San Diego O.XJ 0.40 2.51
THE COAST RECORD.
{? ji 5s
STATIONS. £ *§ \\ || j?£> £
Baker 30.50 42 20 W Clear !ob
carcon 30.42 4tj 8 NE Clear .00
Kureka 3D. 18 56 ZH NW CTear .00
Karalloa S0.14 M 51 NE Clear .<-<j
Ki-^Bno ... 30.14 SS .T2 S\V* Clear .00
Klatstaff :M.0H 54 24 KE Clear .00
I'ocatello 30.44 .'56 18 W Clear. .00
Point P.eyes . -3U.O7 59 47 .N Clear .00
Inde^endenc*. 3«».16 5fi :i2 NW Clear .00
Mt.Tanmljjaie :;o.Jl 55 44 N Clear .00
Ijos Angelfci<...:«).O«J 72 44 8E Pt.Cldy T.
Phwnlx 3».<M «6 48 FE Clear .14
Portland :M).4(» 4(J S* E Clear .00
Red Illuff :W.12 C8 32 N Clear .00
nceeburg SO.34 VA 34 NE Clear .00
Saorsmpnto ..JO.1O 5H 38 S Clear .00
Salt Lak* MP.42 :ii IS W Clear .00
S. Francii*oo....:*0.14, TM 4« K Cl«»ar ' .00
S. L. Obippo...30.04 72 46 E Clear .00
.s«n Dicco ....;J0.04 70 32 S Cloudy .33
Haaltle :X).SO 48. 30 N Clear (..00
hpeksne »».«4 30 1 22 6W aou<!y .00
Tatooen 30. Vi 48 46 E Clear .00
Walla Walla... 3«. «*5 30 26 N Cloudy T.
Wlnncmucca ..:so.4O 48 10 E Clear .00
Yuma. 30.00 70 54 N Clear T.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure continues high over the west
ern half of the country- A Email disturbance
cveriie« Southern California and Arizona and
may extend Fiowly northward, causing light
easterly wind, cloudy weather and possibly
-•••*>'!>. from San Diego to San Luis Obiepo.
Llrht rain hat fallen In Southern California.
The tens;* rature has remained nearly sta
tionary in California, except in the northern
*>nd of the Sacramento Valley, where it i» 10
d**xees v.anricr.
Fo^eca^t rr.ade at Fan Franclsc* for thirty
hours, <»Bdir.jr miinight Dtcember 3:
Northern Oillfornia — Fair Tuesday, becom
jnit cloudy at night; light easterly wind.
Kcutbern Culiforma — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Tuerday. probably ebowerc; fresh
eoutherly »-lnd.
Nevada— Tair Tuesday.
Han Francisco and vicinity — Fair Tuesday,
becoming cloudy at night: light easterly wind.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
According to tho eemi-annual statement of
the Produce Exchange, the stock of Beans in
the State December 1 was 059.908 nks, against
752,874 eks December 1, 1902. The market
remains unchanged. Llmas, Whites and Pinks
ruling firm and other kinds quiet. •' '-
BEANS — Bayos.i <2 30Q2 50; Pea. $3; But
terr, $3 25: small White. $2 S5(53: large White.
$2 40^2 C5: Pink. $2 !>0<g2,70: Red. $3® 3 25;
Lima, $303 15; Red Kidneys, $4 25: Blackeye,
$1 90tf?2 per ctl; Horae Beans. $1 50@2.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, $3: Yellow Mus
tard. $2 0502 85; Flax. $1 SOJ>1 DO; Canary,
D@5%o for Eastern; Alfalfa. ll©14c: Rape.
1%€2%c; Timothy. 6ji6%c: Hemp, 3V4®3%c
per lb; Millet, 3&3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $20®
23 per ton.
' DRIED PEAS — Green. $1 80©2 per ctl. •
Beans and Seeds.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 30.400 27 600
Wheat, bushels 102,700 20,000
Corn, bushels 210.400 137,t>«X)
Oats, bushels 210,200 271300
Rye, bushels 21.500 5 20;)
Barley. . bushels 118,800 12 800
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 79#83c; No.- 2
red, 84%(586%c; No. 2 corn. 41%c; No. 2 yel
low. 44%c; No. 2 oats, 35@35%c; No 3 white,
S5%037>.4c: No. 2 rye. 51©51%c; good feeding
barley. 36@37Vic; fair to choice malting, 43@
65c: No.. 1 flaxseed. 91c; No. 1 Northwestern,
97Vic; prime timothy seed, $2 85; mess pork,
per bbl, $11 12%(gll 25; lard, per 100 lbR,
$6 37%<36 40: Phort ribs sides (loose), $tj?ffl 25;
short clear elJes (boxed). $0 12%@6 25; whis
ky, basis of high wines, $1 27; clover, contract
grade, $11. ¦
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $24®23 » per
ton; Oil Cake Meal at the mill, $27(328 50- Job
bing. $20®:;0; Cocoanut Cake. $21@22; Corn
Meal, $29@30: Cracked Corn, $2"J 50@30 50;
Mixed Feed, $22 60(323: Horse Bears/, JSO'JrlU
per ton. "
HAY— Wheat, $14i©16 BO; Wheat and Oat,
$13 50@16 50; Oat, $13«15; Wild Oat, Jll 50(3
18 60; Barley. $U@13: Stock. *10@ll; Alfalfa,
$10^12 60 per ton.
STRAW— 40©65c per bale.
•Receipts of Feedstuffs by steamer from the
north yesterday were lighter than heretofore
and the market was steady. There was noth
ing new In Hay..
BRAN— $19 60(g20 60 per tonJ
" MIDDLINGS— $20 50^28 50 per ton.
SHORTS — $19 50(920 50 per ton.
Hay- and Feedstuff s.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8%c; three
half barrels, 8%c; one tierce, 8%c; two tierces.
8%c; five tierces. 8%c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and 9c for pure; half barrels, ' pure,
8Uc;*10-lb tins. 9%c; 6-lb tins. 0%c; 8-lb tins,
10c.
Chicago reported the market In healthy con
dition at moderate prices. The packers would
like to get ¦' lower priced Hogs. : but are accu
mulating their holdings of - products.
This market remains quiet and unchanged.
CURED MEATS— Bacon.,- ll%c per lb for
heavy, 12c for light medium, 14c for light.
14%c for extra, light, ISc for -sugar-cured
and 20c for extra sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams 14c; California Hams.
13V4c; Mess Beef. $11 50 per bbl; extra Mess,
$12®12 50; Family. $13: prime Mesa Pork. $18;
extra clear. $24: Mess, $19: Dry Salted Pork.
12c: Pig Pork. $28; Pigs' Feet. $5 25; Smoked
Beef 15c per lb.
Provisions.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $4 60®
4 85, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 60@4 00;
Oregon and Washington, $3 90^4 20 per bbl for
Family and ii 90®4 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as fol
lows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye
FloOr, $3 25; Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour, $7;
Corn Meal, $3 25; extra cream do, $4; Oat
Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $4®4 25; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 50@4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 73; Fa
rina. $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats, bble, $7 26@S 60; In sacks,. $13 70®8 10;
Pearl Barley, J6; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas. $5 60 per 100 lbs.
According to the semi-annual statement of
the Produce Exchange the stock of Flour In
the State December 1 was 147.718 bbls,
against 1fi6,413 bbU December 1, 1902.
Flour and Millstuffs.
. Bid. Ask. 1. Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup... — 110% <s qr cp new.133%134%
4s qr reg 109 110 1 3s qr coup. ..108 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — Do 6s .... — 109
Bay CPC 5s. — 10T5 Do con 8s. — 104
Cal C G 5s. — 106 O G W 5s.. — 97
Cal C & E s Oceanic S 5s. — 75
m & ct 5s. — 102% Om Cable 6s.l20 122
Cal-«t 5s...— — Pac G Im 4s. 95 100
C C Wat 5s. — 100 P E Ry 6«.106% —
IM L & P Ss.120 — P & C H 8s. — —
F & C II 6s. — 117 P & O R 6s.ll6%120
Geary-«t 6s.. 45 90 Powell-st 6s.ll3U —
H C&S 5%s.lO4% — S F G&R BflL — 100%
H C & S 5*.. — 101 BF & SJV5s.ll«V4116%
Hon R T 6s.104%106% S R of C 6s.ll2% —
L A Elec 5a.lO4%105% S P of ,A 6b
L A Ry 6s.. Ill 113 (1909> 107% —
L A L Co 6s. — . — (1910) ....108% —
Do gtd 6s. — — S *» «f C 6s'
Do gtd 6s. — 104 (190R)Sr A.102% —
LAP lem 5s.lOO — (1905)Sr B.103%104
Mkt-Bt C 6S.118 — (1906) 104%103
3 Do lem 53.112 114% . (1912) ....114% —
NRR of C63.107 — SPC 1 eg 6s. — —
Do 5a ..:.114%115U Do stmpd.106% —
* P C R Se. — 107 S P B R 6s.l31 132%
NCR 5s... — 110 S V W 6s. .106 —
N C P C 5s. — 101 Do 4s 2dm. 98% —
N S R R f.s. 98 102% Do 4s 3dm.' — —
O G L II fts.107 — Stkn G&E 6« — 102%
O T Co 6s.. 117% — U G & E 3s. — 103
WATER .STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 42 (Port Costa.. — — ./:
Marin Co... 61 — JS V W Co.. 38% 39«4
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3T4 4% S F G & E. 67% 68
Mutual EL. 9% 10H S F Gas L.. 3 3%
Pac G Im. . . 54 54% Stkn G & E. 5 * —
Pac L Co... 63% — U G & E... — — ""
Sac E G&R. — — .
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
B F G & E. 68 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.320 —
BANK STOCKS'.
Am Ntl Bk. — 123 L P & A... 180 170
Anglo-Cal .. 85 — Mer Trust ..2SO 230
Bank of Cal.445 460 Merch Ex .. — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 155 S F Natlonl. — —
First Nat .. — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2230 2275 Sav & L So. 95 100
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk.400 600
Mutual Sav. — 1C5 Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U.600 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California '.. — 205 (Presidio 39% 45
Geary — 80 i #
• POWDER.
Giant C5 67 IVlgorit — —
' SUOAR.
liana. P Co. . — 80c Kilauea S C. — 8
Hawaiian C. 44 45 Makaweli C. 22% 23%
Honokaa S C l.T>.i 13U Onomea S C — 32
Hutch S P C 10 10U Paauhau S C 14% 14%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Paclc.143^ — Oceanic 8 C. 6 6
I ?al Fruit As. 92 — Pac A F 4% 6»J
Cal Wine As. 91% 92 Pac C Borx. — 168
Morning Session.
Board— •
10 S F Gas A Electric Co 67 50
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 67 75
20 S JP Gas & Efcctric Co 67 87%
310 S F Gas & Electric Co 68 CO
10 Spring Valley Water Co...*...... 38 75
$2000 S PC 1st c 6 per cent (stmpd).lOO CO
- Street —
25 California Wine Association .... 91 73
6 Giant Powder Con «i 60
15000 S P of Arizona (1910) 103 CO
»3000 8 V 6 per cent bonda .,106 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
50 Honokaa 13 12%
10 Hutchinson S P Co. b 3 10 12%
10 Hutchtnson S P Co 10 12%
6 Spring Valley Water Co 30 00
$1000 8 F & S J V bonds 116 60
$2000 SPC 1st c 5 per cent (stmpd).106 62%
SSOOO S P C 1st c 5 per cent (stmpd).106*50
8treet —
$2000 S P C 1st c 5 per cent (stmpd).106 62%
California Stock and Oil Exchange
011 Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Alma 1 S3 16O
Apollo 40 ....
¦ Aztec ~ SO
: Associated Trust Certificates is 20
California Standard 11
Central Point Con '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 65
Chicago Crude 19
Claremont . •• -26 ....
Ksperanza '. 1 <•<¦»
Four 67 1.0
Fulton 4 60
Giant ....: 20
Hanford :..132 no ....
Home 00 93
Imperial .'... '19 00
Independence 15 1«
Junction • • 1!>
Kern SCO
Kern River ..: 10 00 irj CO
Lion * <W
Monarch (of Arizona) ...... 4« ?«
Monte Crlsto W 70
Occidental of W Va 1* 20
Oil City Petroleum ......... 2B 27
Peerless 13 73
PltUburg 1« 20
Reed Crude (old) 43
IS F. & McKlttrick 3 PO ....
i Pan Joaquln O & D 4 00' ....
(Senator ...... 65 73
Sovereign :.:... .".s 30
'Sterling '. t .2 65
Superior C5 flfl
i Thirty-three 7 00 7 50
.Toltec- • 2O ....
Twenty-el?ht 4 CO ....
West Shore 2 9O
Reed Crude .(new) 4 50 5 00,
Associa ted Bonds . . . . • ' 68 69 JJ
•i? Miscellaneous— •_ .
Abby.T^nd & Improvement. .... 1 60
Alameda Sugar .....". 28 00
American Biscuit ....
American District Tel
Cal Gas & Electric Corp-.~ •••• .....
Cal' Cotton --Mill* .'. .... ....
Cal Jockey : Club ....
Cal Shipping 'Co ...... .. 2r> r>O .27 00.
Car Title Ins & Trust 110 00 140 00
MONDAY, Deo. 7—2 p. m.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
UNITED 8TATES BONDS.
FRUIT — Apricots, 7©9c for Royals and 9®
lie for Moprcarks; Evaporated Apples, 4S6%c;
sun-dried.' 3%@4c; Peaches. 4%®6%c; Pears.
6@10c; Nectarines. 4#5%c; Figs, white, 43~4%e
In boxes; black, 4%c; Plums, pitted, 6®9c per
pound. :
PRUNES — 1903 crop, 2%©2%e for. the four
sizes.
RAISINS— F.o.'b. prices. Fremo, for 1003
crop: 60-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel. 2-crown,
6V4c per lb; 3-crown. 5%c; 4-crown, 6%c; Seed
less Muscatels, 4%c; do, floated. 4%c; un
bleached Sultanas, 4%c; Thompson's Seedless,
5%c. - London Layers — 2-crown, $1 25; 3-crown,
$1 35; 4-crown clusters, f'2; 5-crown Dehesa*.
$2 60; C-crown Imperials, $3; Malaga Loose, 2
crown, 5c per lb; do 3-crown, 5%c; Valencia
Cured, 4V4c; Paclflc, do, 3%c; Oriental, do.
2%c. Seeded Raisins — 16-01 packages, fancy,
8c per lb: choice, :7%c; 12-oz packages, fancy.
6%c; choice, 6%c; in bulk, fancy, 7%c; choice.
7%c. ?
NUTS — 'Walnuts. No. 1 eoftshell, 13%#14c;
No. 2. ll%@12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13@13%c;
No. 2. 11®11%c; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
10%c for I X L. lOVic'for Ne Plus Ultra, and
8%c for Languedoe;, Peanuts, 6@7c for East
ern; Pecans, ll@13c: Cocoanuts, $4 50@5; Cali
fornia Chestnuts, SftlOc per lb, end 11®12%o
for Italian.
HONEY — Comb, 11013c for white and 9@10o
for amber; water white extracted, 6@5^c;
light amber extracted. 4%@5c; dark. 3%©4c.
BEESWAX— 27®29c per lb.
Dried Fruits,Nitts, Raisins, Honey
July 77% 78% 77% 7!;%
Corn No. 2 —
December ..... 41% 41T« 41% 41%
May 43 43V, 42% 42'i
July 42% 42% 42% 42%
Oats No. 2 —
December 34% T4% 34 V 4 - 34%
May '3« :;6U . 35%. 3«>4
July 33U 33% 3314 33 -i
Mess Pork, per bbl —
January 10 92% 11 00 10 02% 11 00
May 1125 1135 , 11 22% 11 85
Lard, per 100 lbs —
January 6 35 6 40 6 35 6 40
May 0 47% « 50 6 45 0 60
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
January fl 87% 5 i»O 5 87% '¦ 6 90
May 6 05 6 12% 6 06 6 12%
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
December, new. 81% £2% . 61% £2%
May R2% 82% 81% 82%
Union Paciflo ... 77% Old Dominion ... S%
Mexican Central.. 9% Osceola 61 V4
Miscellaneous — Parrot 20%
American Sugar.. 124 V4 Quincy 80
Am Sugar cfd ..120 Santa F» Copper.. 1%
Am Tel & Tel ...126% Tamarack 90
Dom Iron & Steel. 8% Trinity 6
General E3ectrlo..l60 United States ... 18%
Mass Electric 19% Utah 28%
Mass Elec pfd ..77% Victoria 21 \\
United Fruit .... 98 Winona 7%"
U S Steel 11% Wolverine 67
U S Steel pfd ... 57 V4
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Dec 7. — FLOUR— Receipts,
30,190 barrels; exports, 191.131 barrels; quiet
but firm.
WHEAT— Receipts, 193,955 bushels; ex
ports, 71,187 bushels: epot firm. No. 2 red.
9114c elevator; No. 2 red, 92%c f . ; o. b
afloat; No. 1 Northern Dulutb, 94%c f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, nominal afloat.
Options acted firm early in the day on bull
ish crop newn, closing steady, %c net higher.
May closed at fcO^c; July, Kic; December,
81 !4c
HOPS— Steady. State common to- choice,
1903 crop, 24@32c; 1902 crop, 21©25%c;. olds,
9$12c; Paclflc Coast, 1903 crop. 18if21c; 19oa
crop. 21@2. r .%c; olds, 8®12c. v
HIDES— Steady. ,
WOOL — Firm.
COFFEE— Spot Rio firm. No. 7 invoice.
6%c; mild. firm. The market ff»r coffee fu
tures closed steady, 8 to 10 points higher.
Sales, 192,500 bags, Including: December.
<5.4Oc; M«rcb, 6.76®3.S5c; May, 7S7.10c; July.
7.15S7.20c; September, 7.80@7.40c; October.
7.40<-.
SUGAR — Raw nominal. Fair reflnlng,
3 3-16c; refined culet. - ¦ -
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is
Heady to firm on the better grades, while the
lower Qualities continue rather easy. Com
mon, 4@4%c; prime, 5Q'614c; choice, 6%@6&c;
fancy, 6V4c.
PRUNES — Show somewhat better under
ton", owing to a rather better export inquiry
and rule steady to firm at from 2%<g6%c for
all grades. - . . ¦¦
'APRICOTS— Are quiet but steady. Choice.
O'ggiic; extra, choice, 9%S10»4c; fancy, 11®
15c.
PEACHES— Unchanged. Choice. 7«.4@"%e;
extra choice, 7%0'S!4c; fancy, 8U9I0UC.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Dec. 7. — The opening in wheat
was a trifle eRsior to-day, due to large world's
shipments and lower rabies. May was un- .
changrd to %c lower at 82'g'82'.«c. There wr-?
considerable selling at the start owing to the
bearish news and SL Louis Houses led In the
selling. The July delivery was Ann on con
tinued dry weather In tho winter whpat sec- '
tion. and the strength of the distant future. '
exerted a supporting Influence on the other :
months. Toward the end of the first hour a
good demand developed on reports of heavy
rains In Argentina, which resulted in the mar
ket becoming strong, with May up to S2%c.
Later in the day rumors of a probable big in
crease in the visible supply, together with
later reports from Argentina, contradicting the
earlier advices and claiming favorable, har
vesting weather there, brought out an abun
dance of Felling orders, and prices again de
clined. May going down to 81%c. Much of the
celling was due to rumors to the effect that the
big holder was unloading through commission
houses. There was an urgent demand later In
the day from brokers who were credtted with
buying for the bull leader, and with only small
offerings a rally occurred, and the close was
strong with prices near the top. May closing
at 82%®S2%c. , . .
Corn ruled easier and trading was less active.
May closed at 42%c.
Oats ruled. easier in the session along with
other grains. May closed at 36%c.
Provisions ruled firm, although trading was
quiet. Tho close was steady, January pork be
ing up 12%c. lard an* ribs each up 2%c.
The leading futures ranged as follows ;
L*t» mail r»r«rt» from New York eay:
"Tel»>s;raphi«- ¦ advirej wen received from the
Toast reporting firm market*, and estimating
,h« quantity of hops in Oregon remaining in
* rowers' han<:» et only 17.J.O0 bales, which
n«s helow e^riTal ralculMtons. It wan also
*fa!»<i th*_t buyrs nfr» giving increased at
trition to th» low jrrades of Oregon, those
•hsi hav» »...!, Minac recently at 12@12%c.
:he«e prices Ivinit bid for additional i>upplle»;
out no hu?inc»* re«fult«^i. as growers ad
»sn<-ed their pri^s to 15gl*W-_ Choice- hor*
The Hop Market.
market was also regarded with •atisfaction.
The reports to hand of railroad earning* can
not be raid to have fostered the advance, the
proportion t>t decreases both of gross and net
earnings chowlng an unmistakable growing
tendency. Amalgamated Copper'* final rise
to 5 points over Saturday k»pt the closing
firm.
Bonds wer« dull and steady. Total sales,
?2.00O.OO0.
United States bonds were unchanged on the
last call.
NEW YORK BTOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchi?on 2S100 MVi 67>J 68»i
Atchlson pfd 1.200 02>» 93«* P2H,
Bal Sc Ohio 16.100 70^ 77» /8 7'JV
Bal & Ohio pfd.... 100 XS 88 fwTH
Can Pacific 1.600 119 US 11*S
Central of N J 155
dies & Ohio 2.100 »n2«i 31% 32%1
< % hi & Alton 2,400 .U T , r.4Vj :<4 r '»
Chi A- Alton pfd... 1O0 71 71 7O»4
Chi & G West 2,500 lfli; 15?i 16
C & G West B pfd 27*4
Chicago Ai NW 2.000 I6S4 167 Ute'U
Chi Term A T 100 8 8 0
Chi Term & T pfd. 100 19 19 JSH
C, C. "C & Et Louis 734
Colo So 1,400 14% 13T4 14'4
Colo Fo Jst pfd MH
Colo Po 2d pfd 400 22*i 22 22 1 *
Del & Hudson 100 15S s i 15S% 159
Dol, Lack & W 241>$
Den & Rio G...... 200 21 T » 21 »; 2i<*
L>en & Rio G pfd.. 400 70 6«H^ 69U
Erie 25,000 2**4 27'. 2 28>»
Erie 1st pfd 3,500 67T, 67 67^,
Erie 2d pfd 1.S00 50 49>i 50
Great Nrn: pfd 3*W
Hock Val 000 74H <* 74
HocK Val pfd S4
111 Cwtral l»0O JW4 130*4 130*i
Iowa Central 7CO 22% 2m 22
Iowa Central pfd.. 100 39% 39'^ 39»4
Kans City So 100 19?i 19»4 19%
Kans City So pfd.. 100 3« 36 36
I»uis & Nash 2.B00 107^4 lOti 107
Manhattan L 14.400 142^ HI 141'^
Met Pt Hy 4,500 121 »j 120^ 121 J*
Xnnn & St L t.S
Mo Pacific .... SO.OOO I»4»i P2'i »4
Mo, Kp.ns & T ."00 18 17»i iH
Mo. Kans &- T pfd. l,70<) 40 ZS'i ::SS
North Securities *^?i
N R R of Mex pfd. 2OO r.Si^ :?S 3S'^
N Y Central &.»*> HO't H7»i llS'i
Nor* West 3.700 f>SU 5714 s
Nor & West pfd ' h " .
Ont d West 3.500 22 21"i 21 T «
Pennsylvania 55.000 118 116% 117^
Pitts. C C & Et L Ol 1^
Reading l.S"O 4.S 43^ 44 T i
Readlnr l*t pfd 10O 77'i 77^i 77>4
Reading 2d pfd 1«O »50 «0 «0V,
Rock Island Co...: 21.500 . 20% 254 26^4
Hook Island Co pfd 1,300 C3»* 61 '4 62
St L & fi F l?t pfd 66
St L & S F 2d pfd. 400 46Vi "45% 4«54
Ft Louis SW , ••••• *?%
St I»uis SW pfd.. 000 33% 32% 33%
St Paul 22.800 143*, 341% 14:}*»
St Paul pfd 100 177U 177T4 172
So Pacific 17.0O0 4714 45% 47'*,
So Railway 5.900 21% ZO'% 211/4
t"o Railway pfd 2.800 TR'i 7*\4 .8%
Tex & P»c 6,400 2« 24^ 23%
Tol Ft L & W'.... 100 21% 21% 21 14
Toi! Kt l & w P id 1,000 3514 3414 r-5
Union Pacific S9T.0O 77*i 75% ,,%
s^r cific . .^.v. -1.SS ¦ s.. s 2o ia ik
Wahash i>fd 6.300 37% 36 37%
xvfcmS :¦::¦>:¦: "j& ii' \«$ r<
Vfn Cent rfd 000 3814 37% 38U
Kxprtss Coropanies—
Adems 220
unSeTsW:::: i&i m Jo=
Wells-Fargo 200
Azrzsgrr...™.™ $» fg «h
.»-. car & F 1.400 20 19'4 19!s
Am Car & F pfd.. 1.400 67>i C7',i 67 J4
Am I>in Oil 8H
Am Locomotive ... 1,100 isii 15 16»,
Am Locomotive pfd .*W» 7R 77 78
An. Smelt & Refir.g 10.200 49% 46}4 4914
Am S & Refr.g pfd. 100. IK) »0 «J%
Am Sugar Rsrng .. 23,800 125 122% 121%
Anaconda Mln Co. . 4,200 77 ¦ 71 77
Bklyn Rapid Tran . 500 4S% 4.«4 47%
Colo Fuel & Iron. 100 28% 28% 2SV4
Col & Hock Coal .. 300 11% 11 11
Consolidated Gas . COO 179% 179 178
Genera! Electric .. 900 163 1601,4 1C5
Inter Paper • 100 10% 10% 11
Inter Parer pfd .. 700 €5 -C4 «3
Inter l*ump ." 30
Inter Pump pfd 70
Xatloral Biscuit 5«>4
Natirnal Lead .... 200 14 13% 14',$
Nurth American .. 800 78 70 77
Pacifl- Mail 200 26li 20 26
PenpK« Gu 2.600 97% 06^ 96TJ
Pressed S Car 200 27 20% 27
Prefis<Hl S Car'pfd 67
Pullman Pa! Car 214
Republic Steel 100 7>4 7V4 7%
Republic Steel pfd. 1,700 42^ 41% 42%
Rubber Goodt 3,400 18^4 10% 17%
Rubber Good* pfd . 400 72V4 72 7li5
Tenn Coal & Iron . 2.C00 33'4 S2 33%
U S Leather 300 7% 7Vi 7V4
TI S Leather pfd . 100 77 77 76%
U S Rubber 300 10% 10^ 7>4
U S Rubber pfd .. 200 40 39% 38'A
U S Steel 2.500 12 11% 11%
V H Steel ofd 69.500 57^4 65% 57^4
Western Union 100 87% S7% - : 87%
Total sale* 719,500
UNITED RAILROADS OF EAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, Dec. 7. — Bond transactions
United Railroads of San Francisco: 6000 at '
75v4 ; 10.000 at 75%.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg.. .105^4 L & N unif 4s... !>9«
Do coup 106 Manhat con g 4s.'lO2
Do 3s reg ....107 Mexican Cen 4s.. 72%
Do coup 107 Do 1st inc .... 15%
Do new 4s rtg.133% Minn & St L 4s.. 97
Do coup 133% M K & T 4s .... 05%
Do old 4s reg.:10» Do 2ds 70
Do coup 110 Nt of Mex con 4s. 75%
I>o Ds res 101%iN Y Cen *en 3%s. 9f»
Do coup lOlViiV J Cen ren 6s.. 130
Atrhlson sen 4s. 100% Southern Pac 4s. 102%
Do adjust 4s... 88 Do 3a' 70%
Atlantic C L 4s.. 82% Xorf & W cou 4s. 97
Halt & Ohio 4s... 100% Or S L 4s & part. 92%
Do 3%i 94% Penn conv 3»4s... 05Vi
Central of Ga 5s. 103% Rgading gen 4s... 0C T ,4
Do 1st inc «6% St^L&I M con 6S.111U
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO2% St L & R F tn 4s.- 83
Cl»l & Alton 3}£s. 74 "St L S W lsts... 9.5
C B £- O new 4s. IK1 Seaboard A L 4s. 71»4
C M&fit P r-en 4s.llO% Southern Pac 4s.. 88'
C & N W con 7s. 130% Southern Ry 6s.. 113
C R 1 & P 4s... 70% Texan & Pac l*ts.H5
Do col 5s 76% Tol St L & "\V 4s. 70
CCC&St L sen 4s. 1)5 t'nlon Pac 4»....102%
irhl Terminal 4s. 76 | Do tonv 4s.... 94%
Con Tobacco 4s.. 67% ,17 S Steel 2d 5s.. 71%
Colo & South 4s.. 64% Wa bash lsts ....113%
Denver & n G 48.100 Do oeb B ..... «1
Trie prior lien 4s. flSV4,TV & L Er^e 4»... 87
Do gen 4« 85% I Wisconsin Cen 4s. **.)
Ft W & D C Ists.103 |C F & I con 5s.. 68
Hocklnic Val 4%s.l06V 4 J -
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con lO.Llttle Chief _'..;. ;06
Alice 13)Ontario 6 00
Breece 10 Ophir .' 2 10
Brunswick Con.... or: Phoentr • '..'02
Cometock Tun ... O5 Potoi«l ... ........ 22
Con Cal & Va 1 05 Savage 43
Horn silver ...... 1 00 Sierra Nevada ... 52
Iron Fllver ...... 1 J»5 Small Hoped 15
Leadvllle Con ... 02 Standard ...2 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Mcney — Wstnghouse Com. 75
Call loan* ....5%@« Mining—
Time loans ...5 @€% Adventure -2%
Bonds — ¦• - - Allouez 4%
Atchlnon 4» ..... W% Amalgamated ... 4fl
Mex Cent 4« ..... C8 , Daly West ...... 35%
Railroads — ' Bingham ....... .21%
Atchison ........ 6S Vi Calumet & Hecla.435
Atchlc«n pfd..... 91% Centeunlal :....;.; lfl%
Boston & Albany. 24f>% Copper Jlange ... '45%
Boston &. Maine. I6s«; Dominion Coal .. 76> 3
Boston ElevatM .140 Franklin .;."..'... "7%
NY. N II & H..19«% Ui* Royale :r....
FUcbburs pld....l35 . |Monawk ...,.,.. as', t
Central Bank of Oakland.... 60 00
Chutes Company . 7 75
Cypress Lawn Imp Co
Fischer's Theater 2 12^ 2 25
Ga» Consumers' Assn ....
Honolulu Sugar 1« 00
Northern Cal Power
North Shore Railroad .."..
Orpheum Company Id PO
Pacific States Tel A Tel
Parafflne Paint 3."S CO ....
San Franriswo I>rj- Dock ....
Sanitary Reduction Works .. 1 30 ....
Sausalito Land & Ferry ....
Sperry Flour Company ....
Standard Electric ....
Tesla Coal Company 32 50
Truckee Electric ....
T'nlon Sugar ....
United Gaa & Electrir ....
OFFICIAL SALES.
Morning Session
1(W) Oil City Petroleum 2S
S50 Toltec Oil CO
Afternoon Session.
100 Sunset 20
20O Monte Cristo Oil , 70
Mining Stocks.
PAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were th» sales on the Ban Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange board yesterday;
Morning Session. |
fOOOAlt*...' 06 100 Gould * Cur. 41
40O Andes 22 10O Hal« & Norcs 53
10O Belcher ..... 27 20O Justice 1*
400 BeJcher 2« 30O Mexican 1 M
100 Best & Belch.2 35 ICO Occidental ... 8f»
800 Bullion 09 100 Ophlr 2 2f»
100 Caledonia ... M 100 Potosl »2+
"CO Chollar 25 10O 8#g B«Icber.. Cfl
200 Con C * Va.l 20 70O Sierra N«v .. 67
50O Con NT... 13 200 Union Con .. BH
300 Exchequer ... It 100 Yellow Jacket 2»
200 Gould A Cur. 40(
Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha 05 300 Overmen .... 12
200 Andes 20 200 Potosl 22
500 Belcher 24 20O Sav*gu 45
200 Best & Belch.2 25 500 Ses Belcher.. 10
300 Bullion PS 4<V> Sierra Nev .. 61
100 Caledonia 82 20O Silver Hill .. 8.T
.'!0O Chollaij 22 IOO Union Con . . 5fi
70O Crown Point. I 1 *! ROO Union Con .. 57
! 1 no Crown Pctnt. 19 ICO Utah 1ft
30O Gould & Cur. 39 20O Yellow Jacket 27
100 Mexican PS 100 Yellow Jacket 25
40O Mexican ..... 07
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales oa the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
5«0 Andes 20 40O Ophlr 2 IS
10O Belcher 29 200 Ophir ....,2 12' i
300 Caledonia ... to SCO Overman .... It
200 Chollar 25 200 Potosl 25
400 Con C & Va.l 20 200 Potosl 24
600 Con Imperial. 03 200 Sarage ..'.... 4*
OCO Gould & Cur.. 43 200 Blerra Nev .. 5:J
300 Gould tc Cur. 42 400 Sierra Nev . . 6T.
SOO Justice 14 200 Silver Hill .. S3
200 Mexican 1 05
Afternoon Seaslon.
2C0 Belcher ..... 25.1100 Savage 45
1500 Bullion 08; 300 Sierra NVr .. t\
200 Chollar ...:.. 21 100 Silver Hill .. S3
100 Con C & Va.l 10; 100 Union Con .. f!>
200 Gould & Cur. 40' 200 Union Con . . . M
600 Gould A Cur. 39: 200 Union Con . . 57
200 Mexican 1 CO 300 Union Con .. 5»
20O Ophir 2 CO; 10O Union Con .. »4
100 Overman .... 13 SOO Yellow Jacket 23
200 Overman .. 12fcl
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on th» San Fran
cisco and ToDopah Mining Exchansa yesterday:
Morning Session.
700 Mont Ton ...1 40 500 Tton Belmont. 71
5<v> Mont Ton ...1 45 200 Ton N Star.. 3S
80 Rescue ...... 05
Afternoon Session.
3G0 MacNamara . 141 200 Ton Midway. 44
5C0 Rescue 071
CLOSING QUOTATION3.
MONDAY. D«c. 7 — 4 p. ra.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 05 Julia 05 06
Alta OS CO Justice 13 1 '¦
Andes 19 20 Kentuck 04 05
Belcher 24 23 Keyes Graes., — 1 80
Beat & Belch.2 20 2 25 Mexican ..... 93 94
Bullion , \07 C© Occidental ... 49 5<>
Caledonia Kt «5 Ophlr 1 80 1 95
Challenge Con 22 ,24iOvertnan .... IS 1*
Chollar 21 S'Potoai 21 Zi
Confidence ..." *« 85'Sava«s ...... 44 4S
Con C * Va.1 00 1 06 Scorpion 02 o:{
Con Imperial. «l 04 Ses Belcher.. 07 09 '
Con NY .... 13 13 Sierra N«v .. BO SI
Crown Point. 18 19 Silver Hill ..82 84
Eureka Con.. — 50', St LouU .... 14 1«
Exchequer ... 12 14 Syndicate- .... 04 Ort
Gould A Cur. -38 3»| Union Con .. M *7
Hale A Norca 48 5Oil7tah 13 17
LadyWaah.. — 04 'Yellow Jacket 24 2«
TONOPAH MINES..
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Colehan — IS Rescue ...... 06 07
Esperanza ... — 01 Ton Belmont. 61 80
Gipsy Queen. — 30 Ton * Cal... — 2S
Gold M Con.. — 01 Ton of Nov.. 5 75 —
Mac'Xamara . 12" 14 Ton N Star.. 8* 33
Mont Ton ..1 33 1 45 Ton Midway.. 43 43
Paymaster .. — 13 United Too ..' — 12
Pine Grove ..20 —
Trading In local, stocks and bonds tu fair,
but fluctuation* were few. Gas and Electria
was weak at $<57 50©<W en th* morning ses
sion. The oil. stocks continued very dull and
mining stocks continued to settle down to
UFiial conditions again.
Ex-dlvidend yesterday:. Imperial Oil Com
pany, regular .monthly. 20c per shara, amount
ing to $20,000; Thirty-three Oil Company, reg
ular monthly. 10c per share, amounting to
$10,000.
¦An assessment of $10 per *bar* on the capi
tal stock of the Columbian Banking Company
became delinquent yesterday. It was virtually
a call upon the stockholders to pay In that
additional amount to the capital.
The gross earnings of the United Railroads
of San Francisco -for October are officially
stated to have been $5t58,6JH». as compared
with $505,048 for October. 1902. an increase
of, $63,042. The grow earnings for the t»n
months ending October 31 were $5,140,267.
against $4,534,425 for the corresponding period
last year, an Increase of $614,842.
The citizens of Napa will vote next month
on th« question of Issuing bonds to the extent
of $35.0«JO for various public improvement*.
The organization of the Contra Costa County
Bank at Black Diamond in Contra Costa Coun
ty has been completed. Officers are: D. A.
Bender, president; M. Cody, vice president;
G. Codado, secretary and cashier: II. O. Beat
ly, attorney; the directors being C. A. Hooper.
A. Sbarboro. G. W. Hooper. D. A. Bender. M.
Cody. W. J. Buchanan and O. Guaragnello.
Tbe bank will be opened for business In a few
day* and has a capital of $50,000.
The date upon which the assessment of 3c
per share on California Combined Oil Compa
nies becomes delinquent has been postponed to
December 16.
The Union Consolidated Mining Company
has levied an assessment of 10c.
Th« closing down of a large number of res
taurants owing to differences', between union
labor organizations and employers- resulted In
a general curtailment of orders by jobbers and
retailer* .who furnish those places with sup
plies, and I trading was consequently quieter
than usual on Monday. The market- was heav
ily stocked - with Apples and the demand was
slack,* even for th.e best stock, which was
offered at concessions by some dealers. 'Pears.
Quinces and Persimmons were In ample sup
ply..and quiet -at previous prices. Grapes «r
rlved In moderate- quantities and cut but lit
tle figure in th> market, an the demand was
limited. Receipts of Berries were very, light
and prices were largely nominal. • v ¦
Navel and. Seedling Oranges and Tangerines
continued' to 'arrive • freely and . met with a
sluggish demand. Navels had no quotable
change. . but . prices were. Inclined to easiness.
Seedlings and Tangerines had a' sharp de
cline. The other Citrus fruits were dull and
featureless. Bananas were more plentiful,
but prices were maintained.: Six cars came In
from New Orleans. .•
STRAWBERRIES— Lonsrwortha, $4@S per
chest; rarge berries $3??5 per c,hest.
RASPBERRIES— $l@ft per chest.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, $111/11 60; Jer
seys. $10«?10 75 per bbl. • .
APPLES— Fancy Spltzenbergs. Jl 75@2 per
box; other varieties. $1®1 50 for fancy, 75$j90c
for choice and' 25® 50c for common; Christmas
Apples. $1 50@2 60. • • .
PEARS— Winter. Nellls, from cold storage,
$1 50<82 per box.
QUINCES— 50<360c per box.
PERSIMMONS — 60c<3$l Per box. -
GRAPES.-^40©00o for small boxes and 60©
)?5c for crates: ¦ large boxes,. $lfil 60.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges,'. $1 75@
2 .MJ per box' Seedlings $l@l 25; Tangerines.
$1^125 for half boxes and 75c®$l for quarter
boxes; Japanese Mandarins, $1 25@1 75 per
box; Lemons, $1®2 per box: Grape Fruit,
$1 50<£2 50; Mexican Limes. $4',|4 60; Banana*.
$1 25@2 25 per bunch for Hawaiian and $2@3
for Central American; Pineapples, $2@3 60 per
dozen. . '
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks .. J>. Mil Bran oks ..... 2.5.V)
WJieat. .ctla . .. 14.37O 1 Middlings. «.ks.. SCO
Barley, ctls ... «.220.Wool. bales .... 3
Oats, ctls fi. 660 Shorts, sks .... 637
Potatoes, sks .. D.167|
WASHINGTON. . : /*
Flour, qr sks .. 5,730/TTheat, ctl» ... 2.000
Flour, qr sks .. 8,700! Alfalfa Seed, *k 2
Wheat, ctls 215 Feed sks ..... 242
Barley, ctla ... 3,»25' Shorts, sks ... : 52
Corn. East. ctls. 6OOJ Screenings sks. 3C0
Beans, sks 80S Paper, rmi 1,410
Potatoes, ski .. 11,1*0 Tallow ctls ... 2«3
Onions.- ska .... 700 Pelts No 604
Bran, sks » 2,754 Hides. No 1.267
Middlings, ska.. 698 Raisins bxs .. 1.500
Hay. tons 643 Leather, rolls .. K>
Straw, tons 35 Wine gals 39.700
Hops, balea .... 2 Sugar, ctl* J,«nn
Flaxseed. sks.. 313 Brandy, gals .. 7,«Of»
V\ool. bales 22 Quicksilver, flks 40
FOR MONDAY, DECEMBER" 7.
Receipts of Produce.
Local stocks and bonds quiet and featureless.
IVall street stocks higher on the day.
Merchants' Exchange issues semi-annual Grain stock statement.
No change in Silver or Exchange rates.
Wheat, Barley, Oats and Rye about as before quoted.
Com very quiet, with easy quotations.
Moderate arrivals of Feedstuff s from the North. Hay steady.
Xo further variation in Beans.
Butter and Cheese dull and plentiful. Eggs getting firmer again.
Provisions in better tone at Chicago, but dull here.
Hogs firm, unth light receipts and small consumption.
Hops steadily passing out of grozvers' hands.
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables plentiful and weak.
Poultry and Game in large supply and tending downward.
fruit market sluggish, icith a diminished demand.
Closing of restaurants damaging a number of markets.
Six cars of Bananas arrive from New Orleans.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKET.
2 p. . m. Session. • ¦ . ." '
Open. High. Low. Clc*<».
May ....... .$i37Ti $138 $1'87# $138'
BARLEY — According to the . regular Bcmi
annual statement of thetProducc Exchange,
issued yesterday,, the quantity on hand in th<j
State December 1 was 4,471,300 ctls. against
2.917.040 ctls December ,1. 1002. This wns
about what Had be^n expected, possibly a little
less. The cash market was flnn, but future*
were weak. ,.,,-- . ' /
CASH BARLEY.-
Feed, $1. 10S1 15; Shipping nnd Brew-
Ing, fl i~\i<Q\ 20; Chevalier, $1 20® 1 45 for"
fair to choice. : a*'? '
- - FIXTURES. -
_ Session 0 to 11:30* a. tn.
• Open. ' High. ¦-' • Lqw. , Clcap. .
May ?l 00 -1-. $1 <i0 ,- $1 OSJi fi 08Ti
2 p. rn. -Session.
December — $1 12»i- »• ':'-- ¦
OATS— The eemi-anmml statement of th«
Merchants' Exchange gives the stock on hand
In the State December 1 at S27.S0O ctls against
343,460 otls December 1. 1002. The market was
fairly active yesterday, with receipts of 65tiO
ctls from Oregon. Trices were unchanged.
White. $1 20@l 30; Black, $1 4CKgl tiO; Red.
$1 20@l 25 for feed and $1 25@1 35 Xor eeed;
Gray, nominal.
CORN — Western shows some change, , but
other descriptions remain as before. The mar
ket continues dull. Receipts are moderate, but
sufficient for the slow demand.
Western sacked. $1 25 for Yellow, $1 25
for White and $1 2O@l 22^4 for Mixed; Cali
fornia large Yellow. $1 22*2*31 30: small round
do $1 40S1 CO; White, $1 25@1 30 per ctl.
RYE-J1 25®1 30 per ctl. The stock on
hand in {he State, December 1, according to
the semi-annual statement of the Produce Ex
change, was 30.800 ctls. against R3.740 -ctla
December 1. 1002. The market continues very
dull. . .
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25@2 50 per ctl.
CASHWHEA^' r-v , ".;
California Club, $1 40®l 42%: California
White Australian, $160a;i62»$; Northern Club,
51 40©! 411i; Northern Bluestem, $1 50S1 6Ui-
Oregon Valley, $1 40. ..-.'.
FUTURES." V^ .
Session .9 to 11:80 n. m.
1 "• 'Open. ¦¦' High. Low. . Cloee.
May ......,.$1 37 $1 .17*i $137 . $1 37ft
WHEAT — Foreign markets stood about the
name. Antwerp cables •' reported that all Ar
gentina offerings had been withdrawn. The.
world's shipments for the. week .were as fol
lows. . in quarters: Russian. 334,000; Danu-'
bian. 47.000; Argentina. 17.000; Indian. 60.000.
The American visible supply increased 2,389,
000 bushels.
Chicago. declined from 82c to.Sl'&e and ro
covered to S-Hc Annourvwas supporting the
market Tand thpre - was outside -buying on
drought In the Southwest. New 'Stork was also
a large* buyer. Southeast Missouri reported
Wheat in bad condition, .with some fields
dead on account of dry -weather and Hessian
fly. Kansas City wired: "Everybody . Fays
that the: condition of Wheat is not as favora
ble as micht be." Dayton' wired: "We are
having a long drought in t h ' s section of Ohio.
The condition is not good and complaints are
becoming numerous"."
The San Frnncisro Merchants'. Exchange is
sued its usual semi-annual statement ' of th«
stock of Wheat on hand in th<? Stato Decem
ber 1. showing a stock of 5.4.1H.920 ctls. against
R.154,0ii0 ctla December 1. 1902. On this show
ing it Is figured that tho State.- ought to have
about 150.000 tons for. rxnort. . . . ; ¦ . .
The market showed no change worthy of
note. »
Whqat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. .. — $4 S0V4
Sterling Exchange, sight......... — 4 84^
Sterling Exchange, cables.. — 4 t&ii
New York' Exchange, sight. ..... — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 07H
Silver, per ounce : . — . f>5fcg
Mexican Dollars ....... ..".......— \4l
Exchange and Bullion.
'. Butter opened the week dull. and unchanged.
What effect the closing of many of the city
restaurants | on account of labor troubles will
have on the. Butter and Egg- markets remains
to.be seen, j It will undoubtedly make trade'
•very: dull with those houses which supply the
restaurants. . while other houses say. they i will
not be seriously affected. Stocks continue
large and unevenly distributed.
Cheese remains as before, being in large
supply and weak. .-
Eggs are showing more firmness again.- There
is no advance, but the market Is beginning to
feel the* effect of the continued scarcity of
fresh ranch. If the present cold, clear weath
er continues the chances are that quotation*
may, advance again. -
Receipts were. 39.200 lbs Butter. 676 cases
Eggs and 18,300 lbs Cheese.
. -BUTTER — Creamery, 27>4®29c for extras,
and 25<3'2<5c for seconds; dairy. lS@24c; storo
Butter.. 17}ic; j cold storage, 24'if:itic; East
ern; 23025c per lb.
• CHEESE — 12fi ' 12',ic for -he general market,
13c. for select mild new and 11^11 He .for
< lower grades; Young ¦ Americas, 13® 14c; East
ern. 15U@l6V4c; Western, 14015c Derlb.
EGGS — Ranch. 60@52c for choice and 45®
48c for. small and mixed colors; store, nom
inal; cold storage. 2.3332 >-4c; Eastern. 26Q2S*
for cold storage.
Butter -j Cheese and Eggs.
SUOAR — Th« Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per Ib, In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Pine Crashed. 5.65c;
Powdered. 5.50c; Candy Granulated, 5.50c;.Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.40c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
6.40c; Fruit Granulated. 5.40c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only), 5.20c; Contectlpners'
A, 5.40c; Magnolia A, 5c; Extra C. 4.90c;
Golden C, 4.80c: "D." 4.70c: barrels, 10c more;
half barrels, 25c more: boxes. 50c more; 60-lb
bags, 10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half
barrels, 5.90c; boxes. 6.16c; H. & E. Crystal
Dominos. 8.40c per lb. No orders taken for
lets than i«rventy-flve barrels or its equivalent.
RICE— China. No. 2. $4 35ff4 45: No. 1. $5 75
*T5 00; extra No 1. $8 25®6 BO; Hawaiian.
$5 25; Japan, $5 25@5 $0; Louisiana. $i 303
6 75.
"c cer lb; White Lead. 6% ©7c. accordlnr t»
Quantity. : .
Doves.- (1 25; Rabbits $2 for Cottontails and
$1 50 for Brush; Hare. $1 60.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 8/ 1903.
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
Northern Wheat Market.
-TACOMA. Dec. -7.— "Wheat— Steady,' "un
changed. - Rlucetem. 80c;. club. .70c. - ..••-.¦
PORTLAND. - Ore., Dec. : 7.— Wheat— Walla
Walla;. 72c; bluestcm, 77c; valley, ,78gS0c.-^
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES
HORSES FOR EVERYBODY!
CONSIGNMENT F805I
CHURCHILL CO., YREKA.
AUCTION SALE of 100 HEAD unbrok*
marei and geldings weighing . from 1000 to
130O. consigned by CHURCHILL CO.. TREKA.
SISKITOU COUNTY, CA1*. from their well
know J. F.. C. B. and D. ranches. Thes*
horses are blocky built, have good fe*t and
legs and will make good milk, express. d«llT-
ery. bakery, grocery and general purp«»-«
norsea. They are very easily handled.
Farmers desiring .horses to work or breed
should not miss this sale.
To be sold on
THIS DAY.
TUESDAY, Dec. 8, 1903,
At 11 A. M.. At
SALES YARD 1732 MARKET ST.. cor. Van
Nets av»., San Franctsco.
Horsea at yard Saturday. Dee. 5.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
(Successors to Klllip ft Co.)
Livestock Auctioneers.
fc* ?^>
In order to dos* out my ENTIfcE STOCK I
will sell AT PUBLIC AUCTION 30 head of
TOUNU BROKEN HORSES. 27 farm aid
work horses, 4 STFTEI* and RUDBER-TIRF)
S17RREYP. 18 BUGGIES, i 8TANHOPF.S. 7
different styles of WAGONS H CARTS. 4')
*«ts of SINGLE and DOUBLE HARNESS. 1
FAST PACER. 1 stylish SADDLE HORSE.. 1
SHETLAND PONY. No reserve or limit;
must b« sold. 1140 FOLSOM ST., TUES-
DAT. DecembT 8. It a. m.
•tW AUCTION SALE OF HORSE3 ANI>
**2 5 '-*nE3. ARPADE HORSF. MARKET.
S2T SIXTH ST.. WEDNESDAY. Dec. J>. at It
a. m. Forty head cf all purpose horses. Every
horse must be as represented or money refund-,
»d. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctions.THE SAN :FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY;. DECEMBER •> 8, 1903.
14
I ntSlXESS ' f.'IIAXCnS— Continued. I
rT< G*~WILKeI "Rea7 : kitate =r.d Business i
Agent .established 1« years). 2C% Kearny
St.. rocrr.s 9 and 10.
A JICPO COFFCU faloon and reststirant on
j tlie water rrcnt, close to Market St.; daily
I receipts about ?«5S; business clearing $300 per
I mr.nth; trial given: a rplendid offer: investi-
i irate st cr.ee. See R. G. WILKE. M&
Kearny tt.
A— %Zlw, HOTEL and barroom with 30 rooms.
In Point Richmond: rent $100: rooms always
cceup.ed by employes of railroad and Stand- (
ard Gil Company; beard bill guaranteed by
company; owner never clears less than $300
per month. Call R. G. WII.KE. 26H
Kearny st. ,~C
A—tOCKt; SALOON on water front, with R fur-
nished rooms; 3 iron bedsteads In each room;
2V4 years' lease; rent f.i5; rccras alone pay
r7t"i per month and saloon doing a good busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 2«H Kearny st.
j A— $350; EMPLOYMENT office, doing a good
! business; xsust be sold 'at once on account
i cf sickness in owner's family. Call R. O.
! WILKE. 28% Kearny st.
A— $1800; HALF Interest In one of th« best
corner raloons on w&ter front; lease: dis-
agreement of partners cause of sale: will
Mil whole for $3400. Call R. G. WILKE".
2GV4 Kearny sf^
A — $1230; CORNER saloon on Fourth St., close '
to S. P. freight sheds: 8 furnished rooms
! and kitchen: a good .paying business. Se«
I R. «. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
| A — $800; DAIRY produce and delicatessen
ttere: rent $22; business clears above $100
per month: llvitur rooms; value In sight.
j Call r.. G. WILKE. 2C^ Kearny at. h
i A— J2OO0: SAI<OON on Kearny et,, about 2
! blocks from Chronicle building; place estab-
lished -ears and doing a good business; or
one partner will sell his interest for $1000;
difasreement cause of sale. See R. O.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. .
A— $1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery; close to
I Pbelan building; a good paying business. |
tut Hurt be racrificed on account of owner
being sick In hospital. Particulars R. O.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. -
A— $3250; LEADING ealoon on Market and
Mason rti. ; net rent $150; lease with priv-
ilege of 5 years more; value In sight. Call
; R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearcy st.
I A-^650; CIGAR etand on Montgomery St.; a
S700 cigar etand on Ellis St.; stock at ln-
! voice; n. $200 cigar etand on Third St.; stock
1 at Invoice; a $*00 cigar stand on Eddy St.,
st^ck at Invoice. Call R. C. WILKE. 26%
i Kttrny st. <
i A— $1250; COFFEE ealcon on Geary st.; rent
I $45. R. G. WILKE. 26%. Kearny st.
j A WHOLESALE and retail butcher business
' In Monterey County, with A acres of land.
; dwelling house, slaughter house, shop fix-
tures boiler tanks, etc.; S horses, wagons |
and a well established trade; this is a first- j
class .business proposition. All particulars, .
R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny st.
A $3500 corner saloon, about 1 block south
of Chronicle bldg.; established years and a
; first-class paying place; fullest investigation
' solid ced: this Is a very rare chance. Call !
R. G. WILKE, 26 'j Kearny st. j
FOR rale — Owner offers th* complete furniture j
nearly new. CO bedrooms, 2 dining-rooms,
kitchen and barrooms, with bar license. '.
ftock and 0-year lease, of the best paying j
hotel in the city, considering the amount in-
vested: respectable and well located; parties !
j having less than $25,000 need not apply; over
S1000 per month profit guaranteed to any one j
who understands the business. Address 215,
i MASON OPERA-HOUSE, Los Anccles. Cal.
I A LEGITIMATE mercantile business; estab- i
i lished for many years; Is desirous of interest-
ins capital to the extent of from S5000 to
$20,000; will bear -the closest Investigation.
This is' no wildcat scheme or 100. oer cent j
proposition: no aeents: only principal will >
be dealt with. Box 3740. CalK ' I
FUR sale — Delicatessen store; fine lunch room; '
near Market nt.; caeap rent; 7 furnished i
rooms: everything complete. A. STENBERG j
CO.. 783% Market st. '. ? |
$25<io WILL easily earn $25,000 in 2 years; no j
fak*. Box 314S, Call. I
FOR sale — A cigar srtand next doer to the new
Tivoli Theater. Apply 113 Eddy st. I
HAVE you anything to sell or money to invest? j
Write us for particulars; agents everywhere. |
Altadena Investment Syndicate, 708 Market i
«., San Francisco, Cal. \ I
i MAN wanted with small capital to go into a ;
commission business. Apply ALDEN CO., ;
111S Broadway. Oakland. j
¦ $17S0 — BUTCHER bu«lneftr; clears over ?8 per j
\ day; no agents. Box 3123, Cal! office. j
'¦ GROCERY and bar fcr sale. Western Addition. I
Address I. W. B-, box 3111. Call office. I
• GROCERY and bar for sale; price $1500. 124 .
Davis st. ' '•" c. ;
| ' -= I
LOUGI.VG-HOl'SES FOR SALE. - I
i H C. DECKER, '
j H C. DECKER, Ph«,tJohn Ml! !
H' C DECKER.
LEADING ROOMING-HOUSE AND HOTEL j
BROKER.
. 9«*i MARKET ST. OCG MARKET ST. .
OVER 27 YEARS SELLING HOUSES IN.
SAX FRANCISCO.
JUST A FEW SPECIAL BARGAINS. [
'20 rooms; north of Market st $1400-
: 'ONLY $C00 CASH REQUIRED.
J 8 rooms; Hyde and McAllister sts $C09 '
2.'» rooms; one floor: rent $70 ' $15^0 !
(21 rooms: electric lighted; rrnt *.">O $S.">0 j
ONLY $.550 CASH REQUIRED.
22- ROOM HOUSE NEAR POWELL AND |
O'FARRELL.
i LARGE TRANSIENT TRADE.
! ROOMS ALL LIGHT AND
j SUNNY; CLEARS $150 $2^00
32-P.OOM HOUSE ON 2 PROMINENT STS.
; CLEARS OVER $'{W> PER MONTH SMiO
j 57 -room houre; near Palace Hoie! $2')T0 1
I 40 -room house: near Mission and 2d. .. .f UX.0 '
131-room house; grand bargain $l,Wi '
30-room boarding- house: clears $:JOO. . . .S45OO j
.Hotel and bar; 60 rooms $6000 i
i 0 rooms; must sell; only $100:
I 7 rooms ; a snap «75 j
! 12 rooms; Pine and Hyde sts. ; a beauty.. $GT>0 :
', 17 rooms; O'Farrell et. : see it S'Sf'O {
! 20 room*; north Market st.; rent $C0. . . .$1150 j
j 1 1 room* ; rent only $."»5 $5M> |
! 12 rooms; Mascn st. : snap 5450 ;
22 r<xjms; rent $00; money-maker Jl.'.ui i
J 100- room corner house $75"0 ;
j ir,0-room apartment- house $l:*,OOo j
I 110-ROOM HOTEL $12,000!
i 0 rooms and bath: upper flat' $525 \
! (>¦ room house on Minna st $80 I
I 34 -room house for exchange $3400'
90-ROOM HOUSED MUST SELL: SMALL !
J .AMOUNT CASH; EASY PAYMENTS; j
, SURE TO CLEAR $250 PER MONTH.$U500
TO LOAN ON FURNITURE.
H. C. DECKER. 006 Market et. I
! DECKER WILL SELL YCU A ~ : ~ I
HOUSE FOR CASH.
| DECKER WILL SELL YOU A I
i HOUSE ON.JSASY PAYMENTS. !
DECKER WILL LOAN YOU j
! . MONEY ON .ANY HOUSE. !
TO BUY. SELL OR EXCHANGE SEE i
; DECKER. 900 MARKET ST.. cor. Stockton.
I A. CAMERON & CoT Phone 1050.
; 3 Eddy at., cor. Market and Powell.
! Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and I
i all kinds of business chances.
! ' ; . ' !
2H r. : near Market: lease: $C00 down.. $2250
>¦•<» r. , rent $300: Market: clears $300 mo. 3<M >i
7 r.; Van Ness: rent $22 50; home 225
20 r. : new. mod., elesantly tarnished.'. 2MI0
11 r. ; rent $00; new; fine fur.; clears $47 850!
» r,. ; Ellis; rent S-'IS; fine home; snap.. 530 1
; CS r. : cheap rent; clears $30u to $400. S5oo
:'.O r.; rent ?93; sood lur.; clears $100. 20m>
12 r.; rent ?40: ciose in; well fur COO
S r. ; up. flat: .everything mod.; departure 750
3 r.; rent ?20; cor. flat; Leav.; snap -225
20 r.; new house; furniture; clears $S0 25m i
S r.; rents $:»0; modern: finely furn 500
22 r.; rent $S0: lease; clears $100 5"fx>
11 r.; Eddy;rent $.%0;wellfur.;clears $3S 750
«l r. ; fine- downtown; makes big money 3200
S r. ; rent $t2: modern flat; elegant fur.. 400
i Mr.: rent $75; onW fur.; good carpets., 90«»
; 12 r.: close In; well fur.; bargain 1100
; 18 r. : fine corner; new and elegantly fur 2100
| 17 r.; downtown; always full: clears $115 1000
S r. : clore in; colden oa!;; moquet car-
pets, hair niattreries; ccst $1500; Inc.
$CS; snap- % 909
7 t.; rent $40; uiiJdle fiat; oak fur .T30
21 r.:rent $S5;wel| fur. ;lease;clcars $100 l"mi
14 r. ; chea:» rent; gocd fur.; snap !VX)
11 r. ; rrnt ?-»0; newly rcnov.: -clear $43 BOO j
17 r.: central: Po&t: part cash Him]
4* r. : rent $44: big mensy-maker .. 3000:
1\" r. ; rent $70; oak fur.; leaving city... 1.150
53 r. : new, mod. building: elegantly fur.:
central; lens !em?e; must be sold; offer
•war.te.l
!0 r. : nn-fl.- fiat: r-Jegant fur. ;c!ears $54:
<-o»-t 52200; will sacrifice; must leave
cltv ..-. ...*..
0 r.: flat; rent $W; mod. ;clears $45; de-
parture ........"..:'. ...«. ', 450
22 ROOMS. n:i full: fine location on Eddy st.:
: m-^st be «<-ld ta hlKhost bidder.
'¦ 24 ROOMS; central, on Stockton; sacrifice;
1 pr'.tt SL'OOO. _ .. ¦
2S r.OO4!£; finely furnished hotel: always
full: cleir* over SI SO per month : $2250. .
3l_ K - CUMMINS. 210 Montgumery st.
I ONLY~$U00 CASH! .'•'--'¦''•
i 30 lc-cms: j^nt *100; 1 block from Emporium;
hardwood furniture;: good carpets; ..' $2?.V>:
rayaLle as you make It out of , house: • best i
of reasons for selling. If you want a bar-'
Bain don't fall to see this. Call' nt- room
74. Columbian building, or phone Bush 848. |
FOR SALE— A BOARDING-HOUSK; MEDIUM
KIZE: ULFGANTLY FURNfSHFiD; LOCA- I
TION: l;EST. IS THE C»TY: LEASK;
OWNER LEAVING TOWN. BOX 2S56.
CALL Or*FICl>.
8C ROOMS; S.TSOO: r;nt $2 50 p-r room; new
bldg.; - now carpets; good furniture; sunny
rooms; $1200 cath. 0 Eddy «.',' room 100.
A PNAP; 2 rooming-houses for sale cheap; one
28 rooms and one Si rooms. . 593 Sixth st.
DENTISTS— Qontlnned.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown. $3 50; fillings. 60c;
plates. $5; full set: all work painless and war.
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
• Set teeth $1 BO up; crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c; crowns, $2: no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B,Hewl'.t.2Q4 Sutter.
nHESSMAKERS AXD SE^™^^
ACCORDION, sunburst Sz knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
STYLISH evening dresses. $4; store suits alter-
ed. 710 Polk tt.. bet. Eddy and Ellis.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure:eve.class. 1018 Mrkt.
educatioxAl.
15nEALirS~BUSIN]?SS COLLEOET24^POSTrSr
-. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and nieht cessions; illustrated catalogue free
AYRES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket Et; special summer course In all depart-
ments: handsome catalogue free: life scholar-
ship, ,?50; day and evening sessions. -
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkin st.
"A thorough school": positions secured for
graduates; modern methods: individual ln-
etructlon. Write for illustrated catalogue.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school ot :
dancing: established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine* and California; both adult and ,
children's classes are now open for the season.
\ THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
: for the university, lay and medical colleges:
' tet.. President Jordan pr any Stanford profea- j
; sor; day and evgnine sessions. Phelan b'.cg.
; THE PAUL GERSON School of Acting, the
foremoct institution of the kind In th* entire
West: 12 teachers; sent! for catalogue. Na-
tire Son*' Lids.. 414 Mason St.
! A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 123B
Market st. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
day and evtnlng sessions: write for catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mln.. mech.. *ur-
vey, Sssay, cyanide: dsy. ev. ; est. 1SG4. Van
der N'ailUn School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hail.
R. DELINE8TRI; 701 Stockton ft., rives les-
sens in wood-carving (figure and ornament)
¦ to any lady or gentleman at her or his home.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electriclty.24 Post
<-st., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering:
i complex equipment. Special catalogue iree.
I DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
; day evss.. Teutonla Hall. Howard st.. nr.
! S)th. Prcf. Foster: society dancing taught.
¦ EUGENE DE FORKST SCHOOL OF ACTING.
i Saratoga Hall. SiO Geary st.: call 2 to 0.
i SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION.. ......Day and
I ,PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night class.
["ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
I ' etc.: day or eve.: $j mo. 1024 Mission, nr. tith.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. , 10 pntres.* sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one rear for $1.
EMPLOYMEXT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Po6rst?Tteir^usn~135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; .fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHKUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 420 Powell. Tel. Main 0752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 419
Stockton: tel. Grant 1CS; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main S188.
JAPANESE Henry Housecleaning Co. Tel.
| James Hoi. 2tiO*£ Brannan st.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 41HS O'Farrell: tel. East 426.
i CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main l!)f>7. BRADLEY A CO.. 640 Clay.
I EMPLOYMEXT WAXTED — FEMALE.
! DRESSMAKER, cloak and suit maker, cutter
and fitter: only ttrst-clasa work; gowns made
at home; few more engagements per day. 12.
C. BARSS, «4 Webster st. .
: RESPECTABLE woman wishes a situation in
Amtrican family; good cock and will do
washing; reference; wages $15 to $20. 794
Folsom st.
, .
YOUNG lady" steiiocrrapher, penfnan ind gen-
eral office work, wishes permanent position;
(salary expr-cted «25. Bos 3152, Call office.
BY competent elderly woman, housework and
cooking in a small family: wages $12 per
month. 270 Jessie St., near Fourth.
GOOD German cook Wants situation in pri-
vate family;- wages $30. 234 Minna St., bet.
Third and Fourth.
AMERICAN woman wants work by the day
washing, house cleaning, etc. 261 A Shipley
St., bet. Fifth and Sixth. . .•;. :.y -\
DRESSMAKER and ladies' tailor; thoroughly
first class and well experienced; references.
43 Van Ness ave. ¦ ;"¦
YOUNG woman wants work by day washing
or. ironing Wednesday and Thursday thia
week. 204 Lily a.ve* after 6 p. m.
EXPERIENCED woman wants v work by day
or half day house cleaning, • window wash-
ing or any kind ot work. 19 Ivy ave.
DRESSMAKER" wishes a few more engage-
ments by the day: tailor suits and evening
' gowns a specialty. 315 Hayes st. . '
SITUATION wanted by. rapid Remington op-
erator; 5 sears' Insurance and other expe-
rience. Box 3741, Call. ¦¦-.* ¦:''.
i MIDDLE-AGKD. woman would like washing,
¦ ironing or house cleaning- to do;.$l 50 day;
good work done. . Box 3161, Call.
GERMAN woman; can do any kind of work;
wishes some more engagements by" the day ;
$1 60. car, fare. Phone Red 4641. » •¦-¦•-¦;¦¦•¦
WANTED — A situation; ' good cook; is willing
% to go Into the country; references. 1410 Oc-
tavla rt.
A WOMAN, wishes a situation, to do light
housework: wages $15. Box 3163, Call. • ,
A GlRL, t wishes to help" with Jiousework or
bakery ;.. sleep home. 412?£. Ash ave.
A NEAT German girl, can't speak English.
" would ; like a position to . do upstairs work
' and ; s«winjr. 1350 Jackson : st. •
A COMPETENT, .well-educated -¦ stenographtr
of 8 years' ' business experience, . who is = fa-
miliar with' bookkeeping: and', general '-. of flee
work, would like rotation' first of the year, at
a good Ealary; ' highest refs.y Box 3115, Call.
AN | American S woman i wants a place ! as , work-
- ing : housekeeper ; l no ; objection to , cooking ; for
hired '¦ men or > take charge of rooming-house.
:Box 3780. 'Call office.- .¦-¦¦'.
WOMAN,-' wants; work by -day;' $1-50 per day,
r; and carfare. MRS. OSGOOD. 1 . 115 Hayes sSt.
EMPLO YMEXT WAXTED— FE3IALE.
ARTISTIC dressmaker Is open for engagement
a.s forelady: no objection to San Jose or
. neighboring towns. MADAME DORE, box
3717. Call. -
W.VNTED — Position as working housekeeper
by young Englishwoman: experience and ref-
erences. Box 3734,' Call.
YOUNG woman wants position as working
housekeeper; thoroughly trained; country pre-
ferred. Box S71. Call office. .'
WANTED — Position as lady's nurse by experi-
enced woman; capable of taking care of child.
Apply box 3134. Call office. •
GERMAN lady wishes to take care of children
when parents go o:u shopping. 'Phone Red
4641.
GIRL 14 years old wishes to learn ladles'
tailoring. ¦ 201 Shipley st.
FIItST-CLASS laundress wishes work bv the
day. . 77 Ninth st.
ADVERTISKMENTS. a ub*crlptloo.i received at
. Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1086
Valencia st.
E3IPLO YMEXT ' WAXTED— -MALE. _
ENERGETIC young man desires position with
wholesale firm or corporation; moderate sal-
ary to start. Address LINDON, 415 Mason.
WANTED — Position by a registered pharma-
clst. Box 3170, Call.
GOOD cook, alfo pastry cook, wants position.
Box 3742, Call. . . ;¦;
STEADY, reliable Scandinavian wants work of
any kind; can diive and care for horsss.
Address box 3140, Call.
COACHMAN of long exDerier.cs, with Al ref-
erences, understanding till about horses, at*
btableman for private house or any kind of
work aroun.l horses. Address box 3128, Call.
SITUATION wanted by an energetic young
man, capable of handling mining proposi-
tions, placer or auartz; no objections to go
Ing to Mexico. Address box 3113, Call.
POSITION wanted— A reliable married man;
understands care of horses, carrlases and
harness and can ml!k; wife good cook and
laundress; reference. S. D.. 77 Ninth st.
AN experienced office man desires employment
a« shipper or other position of trust in a
¦ wholesale or manufacturing house; highest
references. Box 3118. Call.
POSITION cf trust or collector by a middle-
aged married man; first-class reference from
laet position of 15 years. Address box 3720.
Call office.
BARBER, young man, wants situation under
good instructor to linii-h trade; can shave,
good and hair cut. . Further information box
'-'S9X Call office. .¦,.> _¦';.
POSITION wanted by middle-aged ' man as
waiter or dishwasher in a restaurant or ho-
tel: country preferred; speaks four different
languages. Address -F. R.. 1200 Howard st.
BARBER desires position for evenings and Sat-
urday (Sunday). 1410 Larkin St., near Cali-
fornia; call before U a. m.. bet. 3 and 4:30
and after 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
EXPERIENCED gardener wants position; late
gardener for Governor Markham; best ref-
erences. Box 870. Call.
ANY honest work, with chance for promotion,
by honest young man. Box S72. Call office,
Oakland.
ENGINEER and electrician wants a position:
can give best of references. Address
GEORGE MANES, S40 Castro 3t. Oakland.
EXPERIENCED electrician wants pos'lttonT"
. can give best of references; has had ft years'
' experience. Box 875. Call office, Oakland.
ENERGETIC young man desires position as
collector or salesman; references. Box 2S95.
. Call office.
WANTED — Position as Janitor; capable of tak- |
ing charge of building; best of references, i
Box 3144. Call office.
COMPETENT painter wants work for private
parties, or In hotel, by the. day or Job. Box
370S, Call office. *
AS '-correspondent, situation wanted; English,
Spanish. French, German: references. Box
2871, Call office. '.;,
A SOBER and steady man wants position as
janitor, watchman or running elevator: Srst-
clafs references. Apply J. J. M., 129^ 6th.
A SOBER, Industrious man, willing to work,
wants position in business house or to drive
I wagon. Box 2934. Call. '
A GOOD bed maker ' or nisht ¦ clerk wants a
situation. Address 203 Ellis ave.
A GOOD machinist and toolmaker desires em-
ployment. Address' box 2S75. Call.
A YOUNG man, pres-ser, wants position where
he can learn to make pants. Box 2S78. Call.
POSITION as watchman by steady, reliable
man. ." Address box 2S6O, Call office. ¦
FOREMAN on a ranch and also a good black-
smith wants a position. Box 3719. Call. •
YOUXC man would liko work of some kind'
¦evenings. ;E. BERG. 18 Franklin, st. '¦ ~
HONEST Japanese boy wants a place as school
¦ boy: speaks English: understands ¦ house-
work. I. HASHIMOTO, 807 Polk st.. Japan-
ese , Mission. .: -
GOOD Japanese -wants a position to do half-
day general hoos^work; $2 CO week. HASH1,
121 Haieht st. - Tel. Fell 7931.
HONEST young Japanese wishes position
where he can get time to study In certain
hours of day. Box 3138, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS Japanese cook wants a 'place-
• city or/country. 910 Webster st.. Oakland. ' ;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. received at Call branch of flee. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for. Call advertisements and
-. : subscriptions has been established at 109a
Valencia Ft. .
, FACIAI. MASSAP-C.
A — WRINKLES removed; fine complexion suar-
' acteexi, i new method: 50c. 'M. >LUTON " manl-
curing parlors. 764 Larkin. »t.:'phor.e Polk 17.
FINANCIAL. -¦-;¦¦-•
COMPANIES Incorporated; financed and stock
floated. W. H.: BITTNER. Lawyer and Fl-
nanoal Agents. 322 ; Emma Spreckels .bldg.
FLATS TO LET— PORJilSUED.'
DIAMOND.' 810— Flat of 3 furnished rooms ;
>-.hot and cold water: $16. -.
'¦ V L ATS FOR S A LE— -F U R X I SHED;
NICE 'sunny . furnished flat, 7 : rooms and '¦¦ bath ;
reasonable; on account of sickness. 625 Post.
I I ,O D G I X G H C '5'fjg'SJ^gJ^^ !
j~ s ~" T^j^moTT^iFFiNr" ~~~"
j [MARION GRIFFIN. MARION GRIFFIN.]
TMARION GRIFFIN.]
[MARION GRIFFIN. MARION GRIFFIN.]
[Room 406 Examiner Bldg.]
Phone Black 3607. Take elevator to 4th floor.
20 ROOMS. : ,'¦-./< '
Big flat; near Market; $G50; 2-year* lease;
electric lights; good looking house; rent $40;
full of rcomerr. . —
t APARTMENT HOUSE. i~
Bargain ; first-class, rlreproof. modern house
of 177, rooms; new building; elegantly fur-
nished; low rent; lease: clears. $6B0 per month.
$1(500.
30 rooms in apartments; bargain at $2000;
will sell for ?100o: owner must have change of
climate; Income $150: rent $i:0; easy terms. -.
[100-ROOM HOTEL.]
Handsome corner house: private baths; splen-
did furniture; 0-year lease; modern In every
department: electric elevator;- heart trouble.
ICLEARED $307 IN NOVEMBER.] -v-
B3-room corrtr rooming-house; accounts ar«
kept; nice, respectable; applicants waiting.
[24 ROOMS— CLEARS $175.]
High class house; downtown; furnished 8
months ago with the bent of everything.
[30 ROOMS— $1600.]
Sunlit apartments; lent $C0; corner; owner
must change climate; terms, one-third down.
[ELEGANT HOUSE.]
20 rooms on Golden Gate ave.; hopse built
i one year ago; elegantly furnished in mahogany
> and oak; nne Brussels carpets; income $111
over rent: other Important causes sale.
[83-ROOM HOTEL.]
Must be scld; reduced from $S000 to $6500;
fine "bar.
A VERY elegant new modern downtown house
of CO rooms, hot and cold water, electric el-
evator, cteam heat; In splendid neighborhood;
contiguous to the theaters, the beat restaur-
ants and the leading retail establishments of
£an Francisco; the furnishings are of the
beet, . consisting of oak. enameled Iron and
brass beds; Brussels and Axmlnster carpets
and elegant hangings; lease for. 9 years;'
i clears $400 a month; terms can be arranged.
j MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Hearst building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR LODGING HOUSES.
C. E. HINKLEY,
1020 MARKET ST.. OHP. FIFTH.
PHONE MINT 706.
Carriages for Customers.
CLEAR TITLES GUARANTEED.--
BUYER AND SELLER PROTECTED. !
13 rooms; Mission st. ; rent $30 •...$ 530:
29 rooms; rent $53 ; snap 1200 j
fl rooms; housekeeping; clears $27 200
12 rooms; north of Market: rent $10 500;
11 rooms; Eddy St.; rent $50 C00. ;
<V> rooms; transient; liquor license ......2700
R rooms; Post St.; r«nt $32; only ...... 250 j
0 rooms; Sutter st.: 3 unfurnished 350 '
GRAND CORNER, 100 rooms, first floor i
office; lease; low rent; clears ?500 monthly: '
fome country transient. See this flrst-class '
j proposition. HINKLEY. 1020 Market st.
j 20 ROOMS: new; rent only ?90; 3 years' lease;
j clears $H>0; good carpets; oak furniture;
j every room sunny; large yard. HINKLEY.
) MODERN apartment house: 44 rooms; rent
! ?240; RURranteed to clear $2C0f 3 and 4 room
apartments: elegantly furnished. See my
agent. C. E. HINKLEY.
• 120 ROOMS; rent less than $5 a room: up to
! date In every respect; finely furnished; books
I open; clears $.150 to $400. monthly: $C0CO;
| part cash. HINKLEY. 1020 Market st.
¦ WORKINGMEN'S house; 20 rooms: one floor;
i electric lighte; rent $40; amazingly low price,
| $fi50. HINKLEY. 1020 Market St.. opp. 5th.
I A— $3000: PRIVATE boarding-house, with 40
j elegantly furnished rooms, on Van Ness ave.:
i reams always occupied and flrst-class patron-
j. ege. See R. G. WILKE. 26>6 Kearny st.
i A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call, j
1 16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year. !
LODGIXG-HOHSKS r ,>Y A -, ! ?j T - E J P ,'~ w -
! 'WANTED — To buy a lodging-house, north side,
up to JlOCiO: must be a bargain. Address
I 865H Market st.. room 1.
| SPIRITUALISM.
I PKOF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
', writing and clairvoyance: stamp for circular.
; 1112 Eddy st.. nr. Octavla: phone Scott 8S7.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night.
j 10c; private readings dally. G19 McAllister.
J W. G. KEEGAN holds test seances every night,
! except Sat., 10c; sit., 10 to 5. 14S H Sixth st.
I EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readlncs dally.
9:30 to 4: seances Sunday and Thursday.
j CLAIRVOYAXTS.
! A— PAUL DESTINE.
I The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
I Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
Read Carefully. An Honest Proposition.
! No Charge. No Charge
¦ ! Unless you obtain the information for which
¦ { you consult me.
I I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
¦ I make no charge if I fail to tell your name. 'oc-
! cupation and what you called fcr; I promise to
• i tell you if husband, wife or eweetlieart is true
1 or false; tell who and wl.cn you will marry; in
¦ fact I will tell every hope, fear or ambition
' better than you can tell yourself; I reunite the.
! teparated restore lost affections, cause speedy
: and happy marriage, give you good luck, re-
, : store lost energy; 10 a. m. to £'• p. m. ; San. 2-6.
: 326 O'Farrell St.: low fee ti,u> \\y<— $1. $1. $1.
, | iiiili. M. BEBSAKD, ; THE FAMOUS
; Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
i nentiy located at 17 Third Et., nexi Examiner
i bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
j accurate description of the past, reveals the
prefer.', happenings and portvays events to
! occur in the future; if you are in trouble.
'¦ discontented or not satisfied in Hfe, or have
1 I domestic. love or business troubles, consult
this great medium and yju will be told how
' ¦ .to overcome them; valuable advice In all af-
fairs of life; 23c up: satisfaction guaran-
: teed: readings by mail. Tel. Black 4569.
I REAR ADMIKAL GREEK. U. S. N..
Says: "Mme. Livorno demonstrated my
t character and career in a won'lerlul man-
ti ner."
» I L-I-V-O-R-N-O,
I ! THE WORLD RENOWNED PALMIST
>} . AXD CRYSTAL GAZER/
I i 34 KEARNY ST. \
I : Over Hammersmith & Field's. Tr.l BIaclK2435.
I j tSTSee portrait of Mm*. Livorno and original
I ! testimonials at entrance. Three qu^tlons by
,i mail. $1. Send.'moati) and year of birth.
[iISMAn. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
' palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
1 i «t., cor.. Turk: private readlncs dally, 10 a.
' i ro. to 5 p. m. : reading* by mall as satisfac-
'; icry as in person; 3 questions answered, $1;
1 j lull Iif«. $5: Eend lock of hair, date and year
• ' cf birth: don't 6cnd currency. Eend pestofflce,
> ! Wells-Farga money order cr registered letter.
I j MRS. A. H. KRONENBERC. paimist, clnir-
! voyant, card reader: when others fall try mr;
j good reading JOc. 721 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave
' i MME. VEINA. wonderful trance medium and
card reader:; just returned from long ab-
sence. 406 Geary, near Mason, room 1.
| A— Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;'
j names given; i!5c up ; fi 4th St.. near Market.
• MISS ZEMrAR. young gifted clalr. and palm.;
j names: L. 50c:G.$l. V14 Franklin. nr.G.G. ave.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladies
25c. gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
. MME. WALTERS; great card reader; la. 25c.
gents Me. 001 Mission Et.. nr. Cth; open Sun.
j OLDKST lady palmist end card reader in city.
j 20H Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c. gents 50c.
) MRS. SHAFER,- clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
l trnan dallv. 44SVj Jessie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
• J AlK compreesed. dry. Ice cold, is now univer-
| tally used In sanitary cleaning carpets on
' floor, without removal or injury; prices mod.
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
I CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 0237.
• WHEN you become disgusted with your work
) send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
J Ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
) TRY Hopke Bros.; enrpet" beating: mattresses
> made over. 1432 Howard;, tel; South' 216. •
J WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
I rison at.: Al cleaning; 3c; tel. Mission 225.
' CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co. J. McQueen
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st.. tel. Mission 49'.
| ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.-
I 1 tet. Main' 304. QEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop*.
> RUDOLPH &¦ CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
) reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263. :
)' CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.'
) "aS3 Golden Gate nve.: telephone East 12B. ¦•
CJREDIT CLOTHIEKS.
cTV. ADAMS CO. ~ ~~^
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe . the whole family from hats to
. ehoes; everything up to date at cash prices.
' Credit for all. 318 Mason st.
• BUY your suits and overcoats at' LICHTEN-
¦ STEIN BROS.. 25 Stockton st.. on small
• weekly payments:, goods delivered? on ¦ first
payment. •_-..-,...., . -
ctjhes sppTtrar. " _¦.
WHO DOES IT ? . HUNTER. 1200 Slarket st.
; Send for circular. : Why. will you suffer? i
I I DEXTISTS.
1 . UR~"aRUS^s7^6O4-5-«*Callagnan^idgT7^arket
¦ . and McAllister. sU.. uses the Basford Obtun-
u ' der, the only device ever Invented for grind-
- i Ing. . drilling and : excavating • teeth < absolutely
; without - pain: For demonstration ' and proof
. ¦ call at office. . -' : . . .-.¦¦ .'"V -¦¦ '- ' ¦'.. ';
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh
' . — No ; charge * for extracting when . plates : are
' made: old plates made over like new, teeth
from $8 per set: extracting 50c; gas given. .:
s A. ARTHURl CHISHOLM, ' eurgeon v dentist,
room 14,. Phelan buildings San Francisco.
FLATS TO LET.
A BOUSES and flats to let: an tamfr.w list;
eervlce abaolutely' fre«:, take a4«&nta*« of
tola department: It wUI iav« you time and
trcoble.a Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-230 Geary
it., on the square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses ar»
listed In our renting d«partment; let ua clv«
rou a list and help you find one In the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY, 1039 Market et.; services abso-
hately tn: [ -
MCALLISTER. i;ZJ-^A Siii sunny flat: 7
rooms and bath; decant hardwood finish;
rent cheap. $26. ASHTON & GARDINER.
411 Montgomery st. ' .
FEIJEltAL, 29. near First and Bryant— Neat
flat; rent $0- . '. .-"
LARGEST list «f flats and houses to let. Call
en LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery at.
MASONIC ave.. 1317 — New sunny upper flat; 7
rooms and bath: near park.
UPPER flat, 4 nice sunny rooms and bath. 63
Dehon St.. between 16th and 17th.
FCRMTURE FOR SALE.
HOWARD. 123&— New flat of 5 rooms and bath
for rent and furniture to sell at a sacrifice;
party going away.'
*' IJKXI ' I ' lJnE WASTED.
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURP, auctloneer.1818 Mkt.;teLHoward 275S.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phon» Red 4432,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpeta.
v HELP WASTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— Cook, 2 In family. San Rafael, no
washing. $33; cook. 12, on ranch, $30; cook.
Eausallto, $30; housework. Alameda, no
washing, $30: cook, some washing. $30:
.kitchen helper, sleep home. $23; 2 second
girls, $20-$25; 2 laundresses, city and coun-
try, $30: chambermaid, San Jose. $2O; nurse-
girl, $23; chambermaid and mending. $25;
man and wife, private place, $30; nurscgirl,
Oakland, $20; second girl, Salinas: 44 gen-
eral housework girls. In city and all nearby
towns. $20-$25-$30. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. S34 Sutter s^. ,
A CHAMBERMAID for hotel. $2O. board and
room; a first-class waitress for private fam-
ily. $35: a German cook for small family,
$35; two waitresses for a boarding-house In
city, $25 each; a waitress for a good country
-hotel, $25, fare paid; a second girl for two
In family, $25; a dishwasher for a small, rts-
taurant, $25 and board: a laundress by' the
day, $1 50 a day. MISS PLCNKETT. 423
Butter St.. near Powell. i
WANTED — At Ean Francisco Employment Bu-
reau, 17 Fourth St., phone Grant 26 — Com-
panion for lady, city, $15; Swedish girl for
light housewo.k, city. $20; girl for Hjht
' housework, city, $13; waitress, Oakland res-
taurant, $8 a week; housework, Swedish girl.
4 adults, city, $25; salesladies, fancy depart-
ment. Oakland, $6 a week; housework for 2.
Frultvale, $25.
FIRST-CLASS experienced Infant's nurse,
: English, for Santa Cruz. $30; name place,
cook, light housswork, small wash, $30, fare <
paid; second and wait, city,- easy place, $25; j
general housework, 2 in family, $30; sec-
ond girl, Berkeley. $25. First-class positions
for all cla«i>cs of heir.. The Domestic Club,
233 Geary St., room 36.
A WORKING housekeeper for gentleman ard
children, $25; see party here. MISS PLUM-
PC ETT, 425 Sutter St.. near Powell.
LADIES wanted everywhere, copying letters
at home, evenings or spare time and return
to us; no mailing or canvassing: $0 weekly
earned; materials free: Inclose self-addressed
envelope for particulars. . Guarantee • Co.,
No. S, 4 Ninth st.. Philadelphia. Pa.
WOMEN to sew at home; $9' per week: ma-
terials sent everywhere free; steady worlt;
plain sewing only; send addressed envelope
for full particulars. S. D., Du Pont, Phila-
delphia, Pa. ' .
LADIES to learn barber trade in 8 weeks -nd
ladies* halrdressing in 4 weeks; manicuring
and facial massage also taught in shortest
' time. Mohler System College, 635 Clay :t.
SPLENDID opportunity for intelligent women
to earn money in spare moments; no can-
varslng. Sec Mrs. Stegman to-night or to-
morrow. Grand Hotel, 4 to 7 only.
WANTED — Business woman for ponltioa out
of city: must be neat and responsible. Op-
portunity, box 3151, CaiJ. : . " ¦
WANTED— Experienced salesladies. MARKS
BROS.. 1220 Market st.
YOUNG girl to assist with housework and
cooking. 821 Larkin st.
WANTED — Voung girl to assist with house-
work: wages $12. 1536 Grove st.
GIRL to learn typesetting; $3 5O week to start:
SVs hours day; chance to work up to il-3t
position. 316 Commercial st.
A YOUNG eirl to assist as counter girl in
bakery. 139S Fulton St., corner Lyon.
WANTED — A tobacco stripper. 3172 Sixteenth
street.
GIRL wanted for cook and general housework.
S37 Hyde st. ,
YOUNG lady job compositor; neat office.
EDW. S. KNOWLES, 24 Second st.
COMPETENT cook for institution. 2344 Sut-
t?r ft. ' -V.":::!
3 SALESLADIES for stationery store; wages
$4. Call Branch. 22CO Flllmore St.
GIRL for general housework; two In family
and child; wages $20. .'•::!• Scott st. j
A— WANTED — Girls to learn halrdrrasins.
manicuring, etc. ; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks;. $5 to those entering now: 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately: positions guaran-
teed at flO per week up; leading school in
. West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
eon: fcoth seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $10; positions as trimmers,
salesladies etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk. up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. IX
A — LADIES to learn all branches halrdressing
- trade: manicuring, massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
he t St.. , cor. Jones, room 04; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32«4 FREMONT ST. AND 1873
V, MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
BOOKFOLDERS wanted; experienced hands:
also girls to learn the trade: good wages
paid while learning. F. MALLOTE, 422
Sacramento st.
WANTED — First-class waist trimmer and skirt
hands and improvers. CALLAHAN, 330
O'Farrell st.
GIRL wanted for general housework. 2332
Jones st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply tt j
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
'WANTED — Experienced glove saleswoman;
also experienced lace saleswoman. Apply be- :
tween » and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.' '
WANTED — Immediately, a bright woman for
a position of trust. Box 3776, Call office.
COMPETENT cook for Institution. 2344 Sut-
ter st.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. MIks
M G. Barrett. Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
ADVERTISEMENTS.' subscriptions received at
* Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call fcr the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 . Market »t.. oppcslts
rifth. Open until 11 p. m.
. HELP WAXTED — MALE.
AT C. R. HANSE>%& CO.'S.. .Helio Grant 1S5.
429 Bush St.-.TT. ••• 642 CTa y St -
German to draw beer .$27 50 found
Oysterman. city ... $45 found
Cooks, waiters, porters, bell, elevator boys. ,
( -;.;.v.\ • $i5-$co
Man about place, see party here. .$35 found'
Blacksmith's helper, country shop. . . .$32 RO
Ranch blacksmith and run gasoline englne.$33
2 scraper foremen, grading camp. .$63 found
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Emplovment . A gey.
429 Buah St ¦ 642 Clay St.
MAN and wife, private family; $50 and found;
driver for city, $2 25 day; cook and wife,
country, $105 and found: cook and helper,
"country hotel. $80 and found; cook. . coun-
try hotel. $75 and found: oystermar, $U
and board :. middle-aged man to clean win-
dows and act an night watchman for apart-
ment house/ low wages; and others, J.- F
CROSETT & CO., e28 Sacramento st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 20 Montgomery, r. 12
Pastry cook to. help on range, $40; colored
waiter.
BARBERS — Best 4-chair barber shop for sale;
- in the finest location In the city. Inquire
-»., BERN ART, 104 Seventh at.
YOUNO men everywhere: copy tatters, home
e.venlngs. $9 50 week. Send addressed envel-
ope for particulars. - Manager Dept. S. 4, box
1411, Philadelphia. Pa. ;
MATTRESS maker.' $3 50 per day; unton man.
; Cal. Emp. Agency. '- 59 Third st. »
CABINET maker: $3 50 day; union man. Cal.
Emp. Agency. 69 Third st.
EXPERIENCED picture frame ' maker. Apply
superintendent's office,' Emporium.
I 8 S\.S!*Sb Patrons. |
Washington to Rooseveit
PUBLISHER'S ANMOUNCEMENT.
THE STTXTSAT CAIiIi has completed an arrangement whereby Its Want
Advertisera may obtain without additional cost a full sixe copy of the
famous group picture of all the presidents of the United States.
A Genuine Photogravure Reproduction From the
Original Oil Painting. . Full Size oti Photogravure
16x20 inches. Copyrighted (901. All Rights Reserved
Presidents of the United States,
ARTISTIC. PATRIOTIC. HISTORIC.
Every art lover and every patriotic American should own this magnifi-
cent photogravure reproduction from the famous oil painting.
The Portraits of the Presidents
Were painted from the most authentic originals, and in point of expres-
sion and fidelity in the matter of dress each Is a masterpiece. In the back-
grounds are
Fourteen Typical Scenes in American History
Beginning with the Liberty Bell, as if sounding the note of American In-
dependence, and closing with Admiral Dewey's Victory at Manila, while
over all are draped the graceful folds of the Stars and Stripes. The pic-
ture' is reproduced by the photogravure process on the finest quality of
heavy plate paper and is not a cheap steel engraving. *
GIVEN AWAY TO ALL WANT ADVERTISERS TBt THE
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
Bring your little* Want Ad. to The Call. Business Office, Third and
Market streets; 1008 Market street, city, and to The Call Branch at
1118 Broadway, Oakland, and tiret one of these beautiful premiums
absolutely free.
This offer opens Friday morning- and closes Saturday nijht at 10
o'clock sharp. • « ' ''
IN THESE COLTTMNS YOU CAN SELL YOUS WARES AND
GAIN YOUR WANTS.
THEi^CAtl^
joe:i o. SPKECSSZ.S, Proprietor, j,
\V. J. MAitT] N Dusir.css s Manager.
TIILEl'HONK.
..sk 'cr Tlir. CALL. Tne Operator Will Con
r.cct Vc-- VVlin :be Department You With.
rutilicitloa orfice Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Hoorcs 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
DeJixered by Carrier*. 20 Cts. Per Week. 73
Olf. Per Mcnth. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage <C«sh W ltb
Order) : .» „«
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). 1 Year $S.O0
1'AILY CALL Unclud. Sunday), 0 mes 4-00 i
DAILY CALL— By Single Month "••«
feUNDAYCALL. 1 Year 2.50 j
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year l <*> |
POrElCV I l>»i!y...$S.*O Per Year Lxtra
PCctTcc frunday.. 4.1S Per Year Extra
PC STAG t. j Weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZEL
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Fair.pl* Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail subscribers In ordering change cf ad- I
trerr thould be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure aj
prompt and correct ojtr.pllance with their re- j
q.tst. • j
• i
OAKLAND OFFICE. I
111* Brcadwa; Telephone Main 10S3 ,
BERKELEY OFFICE. J
SltS Onter Street Telephone Nortn 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
KORTON E. CRANE 140ti G Street. X w.
XEU' YORK NEWS STANDS: I
W.finrr-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 f
t'cion Square: Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
nue Hotel and Hoflman House. /
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:,
f hem-an House; P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel; Treracnt House: Auditorium
Hctrl; Palm.r House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE: '
C. GEORGE KROGNEKS...Marquette Building I
rLCmg lJiiFtsnce Telephone. "Central 2619.") j
NETV YORK REPRESENTATIVE: '
fTEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YOP.K CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square I
BfflNEFS OFFICE of The San Francisco j
C*ll. corr.er Market and Third streets; open i
until 12 o'clock ev»ry night in the year. j
BRANCH OFFICES:
10C8 Market street; open until 11 p. m.
527 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open un-
til fl:.V* n. m.
SOo Hayea *tr<^t; op*n until 9:30 p. m.
«.•» MrAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1»41 Marlon 5tit-et: oper until 10 p. m.
fill! Lnrkln rtre*t: open until 0:30 p. m. ',
T^r.l Market street, corner Sixteenth: open un-
til » d. ni.
IfM Fl'venth street; open until 9 p. m.
">cw; Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Ncrth»art corner Church asd Duncan street*:
rr*n until J» p. m.
Norfhweyt corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky *tr»ets: or*-n «>rtil 0 p. m.
""'(ft F"(llmAr» rtri»»t: T^n nntll 0 r» m.
*-
«~i»rr»«~H (>KnvtrF.!i.
EvXnGELIPTS McCLURE from Mreland and !
Rlcir from Australia will hold special meet- 1
:n?F *v»ry exenlng this week at 7:45 at
Go*r*l Hall. 303«i Sixteenth st.. n^ar Valen- !
'-la. Everybody cordially invited. No col- j
lections. ¦ I
~* MEETIXGS THEOSOPHICAL.
6f*r Ejr*-ri:iar.. Hindco occult: readu daily: clr-
clft W»d..Fri..Pun.. S p.m.; lCc. 540 Ellis st.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. , ?_
X. — Epecial assembly THIS EVENING TSjr
at 7 o'clock. Order of Temple. All 1CJ
:r«t«-r* courteously invited. VW
THOMAS H. BROWNE. Commander.
T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M.. «
ivill mr-t THIS rTCESDAT) BVEN'-Vy ,
ING. £>fc<.-enib«T S. Kt 7:30 o'clock. />r\ i
P. M. and M. K. M. dezrees. By or-
d'r of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
HISSIOSI Loice No. ICt, F. and A. M.— m >
<»:nc<;rs ar.i nirmbers are hereby a °-^f\f i
t'.f.^d 10 attf nj the funeral o' our de- '
ceucd brother. THOMAS HE1ZER
XNDKRt'ON. from the hall of this lodge !
THIS <TUfc?DAY> AFTERNOON at I I
o'clock. By 'crdcr of the W. M.
- ; :¦-*¦.; . R. E. ALLAN. Secretary.
STAKR Kir.e- Vj^Ct:*- No. 344. F. and « ;
A. M.. -IIT I>»vjsadero st. — Third de- Vy i
gr:e TH'S EVENING at 7:r,0/>f\ !
o'clock. Master Mesons cordially ln-
vittd. By order of W. M-
A. A. ANDERSON. Secretarj'.
KACUIXISTfi No. t'S— The election fcr presi- '¦
tlt-nt will take : lace XKXT WEDXESDAV ',
EVKSTSG, I»ee. 5». at S:3o. All member.-
1-leaF'' attend.
L. L. GUMMOW. Secretary.
AGENTS WAXTED. j
AGENTS — An agency fcr a proportion that is 1
a decided lmpro^euient on buiidini; and loan ¦
i< vrorth kavir.g. Great Western Improve- I
lr.cnt Con^pany. Parrott bulldlnr. ;
AGENTS notice— A Job-lot of Xmas books. I5c |
rach: f»l! lor $1. Send 25c for sample ccpy. !
Room 312, 70S Market ft.. S. F-. Cal. j
r I
ATTOKXE1S-AT-LAW". j
t}~~ W. H BITTNER, ~-™~- |
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
A«J\-ice f roe. Phone ¦ £outb 74>. j
E^ite Zn. Krnma Spreckeis bulldinc j
Divorces quietly and legally obtained for
etfrht causes; damases cecured for injuries to '
Vcrton or estate; replevins for prcperty un- i
lam-fully detained; attachments and garnish- j
merit* :«.r debts: bonds furnished; bankruptcy i
i.-ror«edlng*; wills probatsd; estates settled ;
coUedion* inarie in all parts of the U. S. j
A PBIVATEw quick divorce for a traal! fee. I
t-'ce m* and save money; no par in advance, j
G. W. HOV.U. ATTORNEY- AT- LAW.
nrt»t!:shc<! C >rt.; im». 1. 2. .1. 4 & 3. 1st fl.
112^ Market st., Uetnc-cn Mason and Taylor.
Advice fr<-e. ail matters. Detective* employed, j
AA— THE I^gaJ ASvisco'. Inc.; «-<>i:Kble attor- j
T.-yn practice I:i ali court* ; attae^mentE.^dl- !
»otce oi«i<>. bankruptcy, prubate. 511. '
tHA. :>lin Crottsley bldg.. NE. cor. New!
Montectntry atid Mission tte. ; l«-!. John 292tt '
¦ ¦ ' j
XV V»' KrN'G. Attornty-at-Law. Exam bldg.
ftb flocr. catrarue room Cll; established 20 I
S'cert: a!l *<afcs; genersl court~~and office L
iricUce; r.o fre in advance cr fcr •¦omti.ia- i
tic:;; <vrr.ingK by Tpotntment. Tel. Tied 3C01. j
ADV1C3C free — 1 will advance cont in meritori- i
r,u* vt5e«. Oivorcf-f, probate sr.d ail other .law <
'att-5: ro fees In advance* open *vcrv even- j
inr. J. M. THURSTON. S19 Market st*. r. 31
i , ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ j
ADVICE FREE. ;
<":c:viir.ti«n l-«w ai;d Collecilcn Agency, !
TJoom VS. niC Market n.; t«l. John C226. i
DIVORCE corns *12; quick and <juiet: open
•n-qiltm. KmntJrcr uuilding. room ni3.
CIVCRCn rc«t« open f-veningf; tenants
e-.-ct-d. %:,. n\n Mai;:<-t. r.r^^A-icae Black C51.
L-IVOnCE — Ccsls. t\2: rj'-ilrlc. quint: n<ivjj*
l:-i<-; r.ren cvrnintss. i)'27 Market <si., r. SOL
L. £. CLARK. T'r.ima «pr:-i-*:e!s bl.ls.. 027 Mar-
k-n Bt.: consultation free 'no fee* l.i advance.
ADVICE free; r.o r barge unless successful: all
?;it? bufinf"?. 'W. W. D-ivldson. :C7 Market.
MlRDfc. r>O««. KTC. ~
VTACCLnaS car.sric*. talking paxrotsT^all
s. n-;.-. of con? mi! fancy birut; roidfish .seej
cases, etc. Give U5 a thr:".; ue vrllj please !
you. iT.ir. Meikft r.t. <
DQAnnixc vHn. childrex!!
NTT.fcK v.;s:-i<« chSl&?£m in bomr&i private fnm-
y.y. l-^rt of rt-'rifrtit*. lio-z l:SJ2. Call of flee.
COLLHCTIOX OFFICES.
BAD tfienti ejected for %i: collections made:
cltv or 'cuntry. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. <i:. MontraffiT.'. rc.oms !)-10; tel. 23SD
-'BUStXESS CHAXCES.
fJTHANGEnsTAl TENTIOJT ~~
Are ycu look:: c for a cr.fc anil profitable busl. '
net* opening in S-an Francisco? If so. we can
effer you cny tiumbrr reguirinn an ln\ entmcr.t
from JJ(X.» to $50, CCO: every busin»«s oppor-
vjr.iij tl'.at parses through cur office ;nut>*
f'nr.ii tht- < lf*e«i invi-stigatlon. and we can ;
Sr-lsce jc.1 in c ctote. factcry. hotel, mill, ot- j
fice. *«, i.T/'»ct- «r!y butincs* ycu i;»s.y prefer; j
t.i.ciy m u t-Ko invcsticate. I
Cr;»»1AXfA IN"V1;S7MKNT CO..
£i:'.t ':•?. Fay, f. : ;»tr-clvf Is building.
a— jJKr.'.WA.vr.s. at r K::fioN~ "
Lo you with to <?!lar5e your liusine:;. cr do I
yen icfi-r &£.'.:u<.t.h\ •.•*r»JJa:? If eo. we can
fu-uUli >cu «vti.h tis arti.e or silent partner
who »iil in.t-Et frc-m f(W Jo SJO.OyO; we
r.nve a larse nu:rter of (*.e<L-able applicants
or; oar !>ook» r.r :-ki.-.jr per, i l.:: = ; np:,ii opening*
GKKMAKIA' INVKSTMFNT <;O..
Eult <C1. Emma SyreckMs bulldinc;.
$'>r.r, — CI<:aH f-tand ror, sale; XC Howard: too
<lo»e cc-:'.Sr.cii:trit the cajn"; rrnt$lO month. I
$ir. tV£J5Kt.y — Yoasir man with $2.*.O r.R.ite.l
*«4-jiitner; y»:.t:-<>l bojin^ss: mutt drive iiuite
ir4 buf.?;.. MAKIN CO.. '£15 JCeaniy el.
A — V.'O«tiri;."G.\lAN'S »>^!\idlnc-hou»«: food lo-
ctLticn: lor. r»rt; steady l/Sdfdrrs; do a;en'.i.
Dv* 2t03. Celi ot.Ve.
HELP WAXTBn 31 ALK Cwntlwn«»«t.
A— MURRAY i READY, 634-630 Clay et.
Phone Main 5S4S.
Lending fcTrnployroent and Labor Agents.
1902 we gave lOCJ we'll glvs
45,1X0 men work. 60,«X> men work.
ARIZONA, close to PRESCOTT. $».
OREGON— FREE FAKE.
COAL MINERS. $3 to $5 a day.
Pantry man. country hpte!. $:» to 54-'> found.
; CABINETMAKElfd. *3 30 DAY.
Striper and letterer. all-around painter.
$3 50.
2 coatmakers. $5 per coat.
„ OLD MEXICO— FREE FARE.
Carriage trirrmer, boes here.
Gang edserman. lumber co.. north, $^5 f*.
Man and wife, cook and waiter, city.
Tinsmith. $.•) to J« 5O day.
S°. reman ' orchard and vineyard.
Sticker and rrateher hand. $a 00 a day.
GOOD MINES. ,
Machine drillers,. $90.
Chuck tenders. $«7 SO .
Single hand miner*. $75
Amalgamator*. yr»o
50 muckers. $67 Co'
PitT 3 ™ , C€Ok and wife. country hotel
kitchen. $5f> found
Bell boy. country." $15; timb?rman. $S2 50.
2 boys learn machine trade. $5 and $3 we-k.
**£?" ' amll >" shoreman, boss here. $30 fd.
MLRRAY & READY. 634-C38 Clay »t.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
........ Sacramento St: »52I>
f-?r; r 1^ 1^ ? <1orff Phone Mai< 1 101
J^J-^ ¥r??^ 3t ' $:t <la >« - NEW mkxii-o.
S^IFJ?' B^ UTTE CO.. Ship To-nlghf. HALF
FARE, 40 teamst»r3. $2 25 and $2 50: 9
miners, north. $75: 4 farmers, *?t> found;
cook, small country hotel. $10 found: 3 min-
ers. $75: R. R. tunnel foreman. $07 50 fourjJ:
cook, ranch, $15 found; 2 ranch teamsters;
blacksmith's helt>«r. country shop: 5 wood-
choppers; 8 laborers, north. $2 25 day.
AT "E. & B." R. R. LABOR" AGENCY.
63S Commercial st. Phone Front 33.
. Ryndon. Nev.— Free Fare.
•25 tunnel men, $2 50 a day
50 laborers and muckers, $2 to $2 23 a day
NEW RAILROAD WORK.
20 six and eight horse teamsters, J2 50 a day
20 2 ana 4 horse teamsters. $2 to $2 25 a day
50 plow-holders and laborers, $2 25. $2 day
"E. * B." LABOR AGENCY.
638 Commercial st. Phone Front 39.
¦
BUTLER, second. $40: must have flrst-clas*
references. The Domestic Club, 233 Geary
st.. room 36.
BOY to tend soda fountain In candy store: no
experience necessary. Call to-day. Blum's
confectionery. Polk and Sutter sts.
DISHWASHER wanted— MONTE BROS., 4C5
Valencia st.
GOOD strong boy wanted at 1103 Market »t.
ROSEXBLUM & ABRAHAM.
SCHOOLBOY about 14 to carry papers. Res-
taurant, 315 Grant ave., bet. 3 and 4 p. m.
BOOTBLACK wanted at 1062 McAllister st.
FOR sale — Barber shop; bargain. 2321 Ala-
meda ave.. Alameda.
A— L U
Men to learn the barber trade In two montha
and secure good positions; catalogue and full
information mailed free. MOLER System
College. C35 Clay st. *
TRY cur men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 CO per pair, foot -form shoes at $2 50. or
orthopedic shoes. $-1 50: best shcea on earth. 11
Third st.. Exam, bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
EITHER sex: canvassers; $2 50 per day guar-
anteed; $10<>O per year anrt expanses; general
agent. YOWELL, room 221. The Oak3.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON,
477 and 47S Parrott building.
SALESMAN of experience In tailoring llrse;
reference required. Apply S. N. WOOD A CO..
7«0 Market »t. I
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can set It doce for 25c. 50o
and Wjc T.hll; you wait at 333 Mission St.,
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third St.?
WANTED — For U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men. between 21 and 3S;
good character: must speak, read and writw
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-
war tn all parts of the world, on land in our
island possessions, and at naval stations In
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice. 40 El'l« st.. San Francisco. Cal.. ani
401 K St.. Sacramento. Cal.
IF you are not natlsfled with your salary, w*
have an opening whereby ycu can earn legiti-
mately $40 weekly; gentlemanly occupation;
good address, business knowledge necessary.
Royal Mercantile Co.. suite 13. Columbian bid.
WANTED — An all around bookbinder; cne who
can do forwarding and finishing on full
bounds Apply SANBORN. VAIL & CO..
711 Market st.
FINE coat, vest and pants maker* wanted.
Apply between 10 nnd lla. m. to the Hteven-
son-st entrnnce cf CHAS. LYONS. Londoa
Tailor. 721 Market St.
A PLEASANT faced, fine appearing, good sur-
geon: positively no ether: must be between
40 and 55 and rood case taker: no traveling;
salary about $150. Box 4717. Call office.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House " proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third st. : 250 rooms : 2T>c to 50c per night.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 an!
i $1 50 pair; foct-form shoes at %'l 50; we p.iy
/ express or mail charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bl-1.
PENSION ATTY.. M. HARRIS, 40 Ellis stT-fi
years' practice; references from thousands ot
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REIS3
BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter st.
FCR sale — 1 barber chair, 4 oak sitting. 1 mir-
ror, boiler, pole; cheap. 303%, Broderlck.
SEAMEN for Australia and Europe; also green
hands for whaling. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed.
S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bulils. room 40. Phelaa
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post.G.A.R.
MeDONALD & PERRY have » large stock of
new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 239 3d st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 41 Third St.. near Mir-
ket — 7M>. rooms. 33c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage ta and from ferry.
A ERANCH office of The Call for th* recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions hi*
been opened at 1C0S Market at.. o;posi:»
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting: 23a
to ROc. Her. Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AXD WAGOXS.
GOOD eecond-hand Bailey runabout, pneumatla
buggy, phaeton, hack and Victoria cheap at
O'BRIEN'S. Polk st. and G. G. ave.
FOR SALE — Shetland pony, harness «n*
phaeton. To be seen at Mascot Stabler, lioa
Golden Gate ave. .__
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the cioney,
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. Inc.. th# bt* store,
1145-1147 Market st.. Ssn Francisco.
MUST s»ll open rubber-tired hack. In best
condition: $250. 1327 Fierce St.
GOOD ron.i home; sound; 16 hands; 5 years old;
cheap. 1359 Bu.sh st.
MAN wanted to buy low-g?t wascn, sultabl*
for carpenter: $S5. 843 Howard st.
MUST be soid at sacrifice; 5 good horse*.
327 Sixth st. '
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wa*oa
acd go-cart for sale cheap. 5.12 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd. iur-^
rey. harness. -^ork. driving horses. ISth-Valerict*'
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A— HOUSES and flats to let: an' Immense It*;,:
s-rvlce • absolutely free: cake advantage of
thU department:' It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-239 Geary
ft an f Yip^ "4 tiu a re
7 ROOMS and bath; sun: garden: all tuxX^rv
Improvements; choke location; Vi block from
electric: 5 blocks from local: X722&J222G
ave.; $22 50: water free. II. BARKMEYEK
Agent.- Fruitvale Station.
BEFORE moving set our printed list of houses
¦- to let. BALDWIN * HOWELL. 25 Post st.
LOST AND FO17CD. ,
LOST— December 4. tin trunk, oval top, bet.
ferry and IB Commercial st. : cams on trunk
"Miss D." Eckert" : information leading to
recovery iff same will be suitably rewarded.
MARTIN DELY CO.. 18 Commercial st.
Lost A lady's small, open-faced gold watch,
with a souvenir fob of Boston attached.
Please return to 1S64 Market St.. Hotel Fte-
mont. and receive rev.-ard.
LOST Either on Oakland-boat or Market, bet.
ferry and Battery, silver purse, moncgrame-l,
containing coin; reward. 216 Bush, eonver-
satlon room. \
LOST $25 reward for return of Sx4 Eastman
kodak lost on Southern Pacific Stockton local,
train Sunday afternoon between Sixteenth st*.*
Oakland, and Oakland mole; same contains
films which are valuable to the owner. WIL-
SON-LYON & CO.. 220 Market St.. Saa Fran-
cisco^^ "_ ___L
IT will pay to "Remember" that tha California
Watch Case Co.. 220 -Sutter St.. needs old
gold and «lvtr to make new ifratch cases.TWO MEN NECESSARY TO
CARRY .WOMAN FRO3I FIRE
Madam Hanson, who conducts a
vapor bathing: establishment at 116
Taylor street, was saved from death in
a fire last nigrht try Jake Harris, a
clerk in. the County Clerk's office.; The
house in which . she was caught .fire
and in the excitement the wqmari be
came so terrified that she was unable
to get out of her rooms. - ' .
Harris was passing, and, hearing her
screams, ran to her rescue. Although
there was no fire near her, the womaa
seemed "paralyzed with fear. Her res
cuer tried to carry her out into the
street,' but her avoirdupois* was too
much for him. Policeman. O'Connor
came to the rescue and between them
they • removed the frightened woman
to a place Of safety.
The blaze, which was small, was
put out In a' few. minutes by the Fire
Department, The damage will .not ex
ceed 1100.
Madam Hanson Becomes Excited and
' She Is RemoTed to Place of
Safety With' Difficulty. '
Charles* Williams. 114 Harriet street,
hacked himself about the head with a
dull : ax thirty-seven times yesterday
afternoon and -then 'jabbed a pair' of
shears into' his breast. Notwithstand
lng-his efforts to end his life, WUllaina
was but alls— tlv irdurcd.
Tries Hard to Die.
THE . SAN :FRANCISCO; GALL, ; TUESDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1903.
15
A FEW .SPECIAL UPKIGHT PIANO' BAR-
GAINS:-
Collard. $35; Emerson, $C5; Fllsper, $70;
Miller, $175; Chickering, $167: American.
$1C5: Heine, $235; Haynes, $150; Steinway,
$185; Steinway, .large style, $325,- and fifty
others. Kcnts, $2 up; installments,. $4 up.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary street:
Oakland branch. Fifteenth and Broadway, old
P. O. bldg.
WE rent the best piano in the city for $3 per '
month ; we allow eIx months' ' rental and
cartage (?2Q) off purchase price, thus giving
j you a s'.x months' trial of the instrument for
nothing; our terms and prices cannot be
equaled in San Francisco. 6COTT-CURTAZ
" PIANO CO.. 5C0-64 Hayes st.
A FINE lot of second-hand uprights from $30
up. including -tuch nickes as. Chlckering.
Vc«e. Krotger. (turtaz, Klrkham, Pease.
HarCman, Marshall & Wendell. Bau* and
others. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O* Far-
tell tt. No branches in San . Francisco. ' *
LOW prices, easy terms and good coods are
what we offer; Behr Bros., Baumeister
pianos and Simplex Piano Players are what
you want. Call and select now. THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC COMPANY, 7(50 Market.
, A TREMENDOUS sacrifice; unredeemed stor-
age pianos and furniture selling to pay stor-
age; dirt'eheap. Whitehead's Storage, 1636
Market st. Open evenings.
BAND Instruments; F. Becson. Paris, maker;
Gu« Maiwald. Art. Pac. Coast. 278 O'Farrell;
skillful repairing; Sd-hand instruments sold.
ALMOST cheaper than firewood; storage pianos
& furniture. Hi*}C Market st. Open evenings.
ALMOST new upright; cheap: cash or install-
ment. ECHMITZ - CO.. 16 McAllister st.
1 A STECK upright mahocany. nearly new;
must be sold. . 21ft McAllister Ft.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's.2S5 O'Farrell.
EOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cedllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. . H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and beet In America— The Weekly
Call. 1*5 pages, sent to any address In the
TTnited Ft.ite* or Canada one year for $1.
j PERSOXALS. -
A SPECIAL LOW RATE. 30 DAYS ONLY— >.
M. ELLA HARRIS.
To all whom I have made prices to since
Jan. 1 1993. & for the ensuing 30 days only.
I v. ni make a liberal reduction from all
prices for my special deep-wrinkle treatment.
The lady who has been on exhibition In
the drug More windows may be f€en at my
office this week from 10 to 5. in order to ac-
commodate those who. have requested to ex-
amine the face more thoroughly in private.
M. ELLA HARRIS.
TS1 O'Farrell St.. near Larkin. Call or write
for book explaining method^ >
I THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth, stops Tailing, cures dandruff
srd itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
I cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk.
WILL. MIS.S EMILY CULLEN, who formerly
-worked for Col. Meade, also 90S Sutter and !>
O'Farrell sts., come to Presidio and see Mrs.
Col. Morris, house No. 22?
I IX> hereby notify the public that I, J. F.
PTl*LL, will no longer, be responsible for
<ic!»ts contracted by my wife, MRS. J. F.
STULL^ J. F. STULL.
NOT how cheap but how rood Is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the eewing-machlne of to-day. J.
> W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
! PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per*
manently morphine, cocaine ¦ habit. Call or
eddress Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
corner Sutter St.: fee moderate. .
I LIQUOR habit cured in 2 days or no charges;
i guaranteed. Acme LSquor Cure Co., 997 Mar-
ket st.. room 203; phone_ South 751. ¦
I AT lese than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
f.sd trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
1 ELEGANT suits on easy installments; 50 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127. Mar-
ket el., between Seventh and- Eighth.
i . _________—__—_—_—__——
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs.. Teutcnia Hall, Howard . St., nr.
Bth: Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
I FINK p^nuiti" diamonds, watches, jewelry cheap-
rr than anywhere. A. A. Ritter. 237 Kearny.
MASQUERADE coMi'm»*. play book*, wigs;
country crJFrs. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUITS to order on Installments. $1 per week.
, Neuhaus _ Co., mercb. tailors. 727-729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hatr - moles removed by elec-
tric neejle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse. .1170 Market.
THE bert place to buy good umbrellas or have
them covered or repaired Is 120 Stockton et.
.TAILOR-MADE EUit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural cotor; $1; at all druggists'.
Superfluous hair and moles removed with elec-
trlc needle. Mrs. & Mlsa Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and' subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth. Oncn until 11 p. m.
PALMSTHY.
MME. DEVAS, scientific palmist and astrolo-
glet; palm readings $1; 3 questions by ex-
press. $1 ; open Tuesday eve. aleo. 139 Post st
MME NEERGARD'S class in palmistry begins
Dec 1. 8 p. m. 242 Post St.; terms $10.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist, 515
Taylor tt.. near Geary. Phone Blaek 561.
PAPERHAXGING. PAINTING. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $3 50 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co., 319 3d St.; tei. Main 413.
CALL at €27 Turk st. or phone Sutter 154. for
rarer ranging, painting and tinting.
ril VSICIAXS . AXD SPRGEOKS.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
K'liiVa Market Et.. bet. Cth and ith: partlcu-
lar attention paid to dtseates of women.
BLOOD, skin end rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases ot the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary St., near Leavenworth. .
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727. Washington st.
DR. H. C. WONG. 719 Post si.; all diseases
cured by Chinese herbs; consultation free.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dU-
eaeeB cured by Chinese herb*. 74O-S Clay st.
STOK AGE AXD i WAREHOUSM.
A^Ml>oltn3ars1'OTage~lfc^^
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third; phone Grant 16L
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage — Moving Co., of-'
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlve. Ex. 57L
CONKLIN'S Storage— Furniture and merchan-
dlfce. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN. -West Storage; advances made; 840
Mlesion Kt.; tel. Howard on. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van snd Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No.
1 Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters ' at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 60. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par.
tlculars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st. ; »
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Tytwwrlter Inspec. Co.. ROB Market.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
NEW HOME sewing machine; this week only;
$10. $15. $20: slightly used: needles 20c do*.
NEW HOME B. M. CO. 1051 Markst st
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EAR3
positively cured: new method; 1 week's treat-
ment true. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutler st.
SPECIAL ' XOTICES.
Ledies! Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles"
in letter by-return mall.' Ask your druggist.
Chlchcster Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
HONOLULU PLANTATION COMPANY— As-
sessment Notice — Honolulu Plantation Com-
pany, location of principal place of buslnesr,
ban Francisco, Cal. — Notice is hereby, given
that at a meeting of the board of directors
held this ICth day of November A. D. 1U03,
an assessment (Number 7) of one dollar
($1 00) per share was levied upon the cap-
ital stock of the. corporation, payable im-
mediately to the secretary of - the company
at the of flee 'of " the company^ 327 Market
et.. San , Francisco, State of California. Any
etock upon which this assessment shall re-
main unpaid on the 2Sthday of December,
1003. will be delinquent^ and advertised for
sale at Dublle ¦ auction, and unless payment
Is made before . will be sold on the ISth
day of January, 1904, to pay the delinquent
assessment, together with expenses of sale.
H. W. THOMAS. . %
Secretary of the Honolulu : - Com-
• pany, 327 Market st., . Sa__FranclscO, Cal.
(Room No. 4, Second Floor). "> ! J
ROOMS AXD BOARD — Co-tinned.'
A— • HOTEL BALTIMORE, >.
VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
.' - AMERICAN PLAN.
PHONE PRIVATE-EXCHANGE 706.
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
HOT AND COLD OCEAN "WATER.
SPECIAL RATES BY THE MONTH.
HUNGER & ZEBERG, PROPRIETORS.
A- ¦ HOTEL HATTON \
' ' s. E. i COR. PINE AND | TAYLOR
This new and rustic constructed hotel is sit-
uated in the city's swellest quarter and will
be handsomely furnished- throughout, with all
the very, : latest conveniences: will be ready
for occupancy, Dec. 15; reservations can now
be made on premises daily. f
CHANGE- OF PROPRIETORS. .
? MANHATTAN HOTEL, 1704 Market St.— A 1
"strictly flrst-class family and tourist hotel of
unquestioned respectability. Amerjpan plan.
CALIFORNIA, 124Q— Most select location In, '¦
modern, elegantly furnished private home;' :
table unsurpassed: marine view. . i
HOTEL MARTINET, Geary st. and Van Ness
- ave., has changed hands; hereafter conducted
first-class family hotel; table board specialty
STEVENSON mansion. 807 California st.— At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
service; lowest rates. ¦ .'
TWO sunny front rooms, with or without
board. In private family. 1402 Washington
st.; phone Hyde 4481. ..
LEAVENWORTH, 306— Large front sunny
room, suitable for 2, with board; references.
O'FARRELL, 308— Furnished rooms; home
cooking; German family; $6 per week. • \
SUNNY furnished rooms, with board If re-
quired. 2460 Mission st. ' " _!__
BOARD and lodging in private family. 2521
Sutter st. • ¦:. v. -' : . .
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In ,the
United States or Canada one year for $1."
KOOJ1S AND aOAKUWAyfED.
GENTLEMAN wants room and board In private
family; warm room necessary; state terms.
Box 3744, Call. ' - ¦
rooms Wanted.
ROOM between Fourth and Tenth sts., on Mis-
sion, by single temperate man; unfurnished.
Box 3150. Call.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS. '
OFFICfi OF THE BOARD OF STATE HAR-
bor Commissioners, Union Depot and Ferry
House, San - Francisco, California. Novem-
ber 16. 1903. "• '
Sealed proposals . or bids will be received at
4 this office at or prior to 2:15 o'clock p. m.
on Wednesday, December 23. 1903. for ths
construction I of a section - of seawall and
wharf al«n£ same to ba located between
King and Channel streets on ¦ ths water
front ot the City and County of 'San j Fran-
cisco, In accordance with the plans' and
cpeclficatlons prepared therefor by the ChieJ
Engineer of the Beard and adopted by tht
! Board August 27, 1903, and. on file In thft
office, to which special reference Is hereby
made. ' The work to be -done under these
specifications consists In - furnishing all ma-"
terlals and labor for constructing and erect-
ing a stone seawall with end embankments
and a wharf. It is : estimated that the sea-
wall and end embankments- will, contain {
about 90,000 tons of stone; the wharf will
contain ' 36,060 square feet af wharf sur-
face. This section of the seawall will ex-
tend from the Intersection of | the northerly
line of- Channel street (prolonged easterly)
with the water front line,' six hundred - (600)
feet northerly along said water- front line.
The materials .to be used for the construc-
tion of the seawall and end .embankments
will consist of stone not subject to decom-
position nor disintegration by the action ot
tea water or air. .
Two classes of stone - will be recognized.
The first class will Include stone of one or
more cublo feet In fair assortment of sizes
between one and four cubic feet; no objec-
tion will be made to stone larger 'than four
cubic feet; this claes of stone must be free
of seams and marked lines of Cleavage. '
The second class will . include stone of less
than one cubic foot, in assorted sizes, but
no stone less than five pounds will be ac-
cepted at the quarry. . , . , \.
The materials for the construction of the
e wharf will consist of the requisite quanti-
ties of first class, close grained, Douglas
yellow fir piles and yellow flr lumber (mer-
chantable quality), wire rope, wrought Iron
bolts, ' spikes, etc., all of the best quality
and subject to a rigid examination.
No bid will, be .received unless It Is made
on a blank form furnished from this office
nnd Is accompanied by a certified check for
five per cent of • the aggregate amount "of
the bid. payable to the order of the Secre-
tary cf the Board, as a guarantee on tha
part of the successful bidder that he will
within six (6) days after the acceptance of
the bid enter into a written contract to do
said work, . according to the- plans and spec-
ifications prepared therefor, | and wUl also
5 execute and file with this Board a bond In
such cum as the Board may deem adequate
with a surety company, to be approved by
the Board of' State '¦ Harbor'*Commlssloner»,
and conditioned for the faithful performance
of such contract: nor will said bid be con- ;
tldered by this Board unless delivered to the
secretary or to the assistant secretary, at
the office of the seeretary, at or prior to
2:15 o'clock p. m. on Wednesday, Decem-
ber 23, 1903, at which time and place the
bids will be conned. • ' ' ' \ " .
The Board reserves the right to reject any or
all bids if deemed for the best interest of
the State. .
Bidders are Invited to be present at the open-
ins of the bid«.
. CHAS. H. SPEAR.
JOHN C. KIRKPATRICkA
J. D. MACKENZIE. ¦
Board of State Harbor Commissioners.
LOTT D. NORTON. Chief Engineer.
. JOHN M. FOY-. Secretary.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, Berkeley.
Notice to contractors, builders and material
men — Notice Is hereby given to all concerned
that pealed proposals or bids are solicited for
performing the labor and furnishing the ma-
terials necessary for the -excavations and
foundations of California Hall, on-thn
grounds of th« University of California at
Berkeley, Alameda County, California, and
said bids or proposals will be received at the
office of the Board of Regents. South Hali.
Berkeley, at or before 12 o'clock m. of the
Ilth day of December, 1903. And notice is
hereby further given that the plans and eped-
ncations of said excavations and foundations
have been made and adopted and are placed
In above named office, where the same may
be seen and examined during each da'y from
8 o'tlock a, m. until 4 o'clock p. m., ' from
this date until said Ilth day of December,
1 1903. No bids or proposals will be considered
unless the eame are accompanied by a certi-
fied check or a bond of said proposer equal to
ten (10) per cent of his proposal, with suf-
ficient sureties, conditioned that, if said bid
or proposal ¦ shall be accepted, the party pro-
posing will duly enter into a proper contract
to faithfully perform* the duty and obliga-
tions in accordance with said proposal and
plans and specifications, which shall be and
are hereby required to be . a part of such
contract. The right to reject any and all
bids is hereby . reserved. This notice ' Is
given pursuant to an act entitled: "An act
to amend an act entitled 'An act to create
and organize .the University of California.'
approved March 25. 1868, and an act amend-
atory of section 25 thereof, approved March
28, 1872. relating to the construction of build-
ings," approved March 3, 1897. By order of
the Committee on Grounds and Buildings of
the Board of- Regents.
. W. A. McKOWEN, Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., December 8, -.1903.—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, . will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock* a. m. January 8,
1904. and "then opened for construction- of
frame buildings (wagon • shed and work
shop) at : .Fort iMlley, Cal. Government > re-
serves right to reject or acceDt any . or all
bids In • whole or ¦ in part. • Informations-fur-
nished on application to WM. S. PATTEN.
Assistant Quartermaster General, Chief
Q. M. • , . \ .
MARRIAGE MCENSES.
The - following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: v '
. Edward P. . Myers, 26. Oakland, and Lillian
Corder. 18,' Oakland. : . •-
Albert C. Loster. 25, city, and Ellen L. Wed-
berg, 22, city. \. .-.*.
Alfred" C. MartelV 40.* Mountain View, and
; Laura Blackwood, 30, 2002 Pacific avenue. -
Samuel J. Gray, 25, Tesla, and Maud G.
Wiseman, -19,* Tesla. -• •¦- - - ? ..
August Bouecker, : 29, 1513 Dupont street,
I and Jennie M. Cook. 23, Redwood City. '¦• y
Anton M.-V.- Krazmer, 32, 75 Valparaiso
street,": and Anna S.. B. Hoppe, 86. 1816 Mason.
"Peter A; Petersen, 38.20^ Franklin street,
and Katharina Naef, 35. 107 Oak street.
John Taylor 27, . 538 Sutter street, and Alma
M Nelson, 26, 538 Sutter street." V -*V
Max Fox. 25, 507 Pacific street, and Ethel
Shields, 23, city. ,„.,„„ _.'•"_.
JohannrH.' Lemme. 50. 119. Bernard street,
and Johanne Nlallg, 45, 150 Pacific avenue.
¦James \ Pellaudini, 30, Gait,, and Rosa Rog-
gemboss. 32, Gait. ! „ V „ X .
¦ Gardiner Howell, 35, New York, and Bessie
M. Bosh, 20, Berkeley. ,
George R. McCanae, 33, Greenwood, and. Nel-
lie L.. McDowell, 24, Hemmlngford. Canada.
¦ ¦¦' John R Vlera, 3a, Oakland, and Maria Souza,
27,-clty.-^ ¦:¦'/ -----,.-:V-' .: -¦ ¦ -¦ . :-^
BIRTHS--"MAR5lAGES— DEATHS-
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not.be inserted." They must be handed
in I at either of I the \ publication offices ¦ and 'be
indorsed I with the | name ! and ¦ residence | of per-
sons * authorized to have the same I published.
Notices restricted simply to ' the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free . of ;, charge. • - .< ; -. .
¦:; : '":' - BOiix.; : . ', '. £ .•
DETTNEK— In this city, • December 7, 1903,. to
v "the wife'of E.'-H.sDettner," a daughter.
KINGSBURY — In this city.- December. 4, 1903,
'to ths wife ofW.'da _.. Klngsbury,"' a son.*-
LEHMANN— In this city. December «. 1903.
Carl Jr., beloved and Only son of Carl and
the - : lats Caroline' Lehraann, an* jfjeyoted-
brother Cf Mr«. Annie Marlow and | Bertha
and Freda Lehmann, a" native of San FraB-
. Cisco,, aged 17 years 3 month»a1jd 17 days.
. (CTTrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully , invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock." from the parlors. vC
& Co.. 1137 ; Mission street, be-
tween" Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
LE STRANGE— In this city. December 7. 1903.
Roseanna. beloved wife of Patrick Le
Strange, and mother of Matthew, . Minnie,
Myrtle, Bernlce. Florence. John. Eatelle. Lor- J
retta and Clare Le Strange, daughter of Caith-
erina .and the late John • Riley, and sister of
Thomas and Daniel Rlley. Mrs. Oeorsre- "Kll-
. Patrick. Mrs. James McConmlck and Mrs. K.
J. Lawlor. a Native of Brooklyn. N. Y...aged
38 years'S months and 12 days. '- - ¦
MULLER-r-In this city, December 7, i 19<J3.
Charles A., beloved husbanJ of Catherine
Muller and devoted father of Mrs. Katie Heck,
- a native of Germany, aged 55- years and 7.
¦ days. A member of Eureka Lodge- No. 6. O. A.
H. S., Court Hubertus No. • 15. F. of A., and
Court Yerba Buena No. 913, I. O. FCresters. .
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to- morrow
• (Wednesday). December 9. 'at 9:3» o'clock,
from his late residence. 2t'-"S Fclsom street,
between Twenty-second and Twenty-third,
thence to, St. Anthony's Church, .Army and
Folsom rtreets, where a requlm high masa
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
OBERG — In Alameda, December «, l»03. Gu»-
tav Oberg. belovad husband of Elt3abel{>
Oberg, a native of Sweden, aged W years S
months and 6 days.
CTFriemls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
December 8, at 2 o'clock, from his-Iate resJ-
' dence, 1330 Versailles avenue, thence to Oak-
land Crematory.
CNEIL — In this. city. December 6, 1903, Alma
. M. O'Nell, beloved daughter of Thomas P.
and Alma S. O'Nell, a native of San. Fran-
cisco, aged 2 years » months and 7 days.
E^Friends and acquaintances are Tespect-
fuly Invited -to attend the funeral to-day at
11 o'clock, from the residence of h«r grand-
mother. S947 Clay street- . Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
PERKINS— In this city. December 7, 1903. Ag-
nes, beloved wife of John Perkins, a native of
Germany, aged 22 years. , - > ;
PISANI— In this city. December 6. 1803, Mary
J.. beloved wife of John Pisanl. mother of
Fred and James Plsani. a native* of . San
Francisco, aged 38 years 6 months* and 8
days. •« -
QUINN — In this city. December 5. 1903. James
Joseph, beloved son of Thomas and .the lat»
Margaret Qulnn, brother of Thomas Qulna
Jr and Mrs. C. Curtis, and nephew of Mrs.
Ellen Feeney, a native of San Francisco,
aged 25 years 2 months and 23 days.
. |_r Friends and, acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited ' to attend ' the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 12:3O o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty — : Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between. Seventh and Eighth.
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where ser-
vice* will be held at 1 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
ROBERTSON— In New York December 6. .1003.
Thomas F. - Robertson. • husband of '-Edith
Carnes Robertson, - ¦¦,..-•.
BIGBY— In this city. November" SO*. 1903. JSni-
- ma Rigby, beloved daughter of- Mrs.- Ann
Stiles, a native of England, aged && years .3
months and 30 days. .
|pr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F-. Buhr & Co.. 1137 Mission, stree;.
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral
car. ' ' .: * * '¦
RIORDAN— In this city. December 7. at her
residence.. The Slrathnaorfi. 20X Larkin street,
Mary A., beloved wife of the late Cornelius
Rlordan. and mother of Dan «F.. Cornelius.
. Lalla and Kittle F. Rlordan and Mrs. Taomas
H. Keeffe of the City of Mexico, a native of
the City of Cork. Ireland, aged, 70 years and 7
months. (Sonora. Tuolumne County, papers
t_f The funeral services will be held af SI.
Paul's Church, Twenty-ninth and ! Church
streets, to-morrow (Wednesday), at 1:30
o'clock. Interment private tn Holy Cress
Cemetery. '• "
SCHA-EFER— In this city. December 7. 1903.
Fritz Schaefer. beloved brother of Mrs. H. O.
Wulff. a native of Germany, aged 4O years.
A member of Wllhelm Tell Lodge No. 2. O.
d. H. S., ' Oregon. (Portland, Or., papers
please copy.) •
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of II. O. Wulff. 29O1A Harrison street,
corner of Twenty-fifth, where funeral ser-
. vices will be held under the auspices of Eu-
reka. Lodge No. 6. O. d. H. 8. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery by electric funeral
car from Thirtieth street and San Jose ave-
nue.
STINSON-^In this city. December 7, 1900 So-
phie wife of the late Perry Stinson. and
mother of William H.. Frances J.. Harry S.
and Ida N. Stinson and the late Katie A.
Bryan, a native of Scotland, aged 76 years.
IC7"rb» funeral will take pjace to-mor— >—>
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 3176 Washington street, where ser-
vices will be held commencing at the above
hour. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by
electric funeral car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets.
SULLIVAN — In this city. December 6, 1900,
Patrick, beloved husband of the late Ellen
Sullivan, a native of the parish of Skull.
County Cork, Ireland, aged 75 years. •
E7Fiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlor*
of Carew & English. 2» van Ness avenue.
thence to St. Joseph's CburclUfor services,
commencing at 1 o'clock. Interment .Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SULZER— In this city. December" 5, 1903. Ellen
Sulzer, a native of Ireland, aged 59 years.
(E~ Friends and acquaintances are • respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 12:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street.
thence to St. Patrick's Church for eervlces at
12:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Crow Ceme-
tery by 1:30 o'clock train frem Third a ad
Townsend streets. . .. .
TRIPP— In the City and County Hospital, De-
cember 7. 1903, George F. Tripp. a native of
Massachusetts, aged 68 years.
WALSH— In this . city December 8, 1903,
Michael J., beloved husband of the late Cath-
erine Walsh, and father of .Mamie Walsh,
Mrs. J E. W. Carey. Mrs. William A. Keefe.
and grandfather of Alleen. Phyllis and Clar-
ence Keefe, a native of County Mayo, Ireland,
aged 76 years 3 months and. 14 days. (Pitta-
fleld. Mass., papers please copy.)
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully inrited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, -from his late resi-
dence, -200 Utah street, thence to St. Charles
Borromeo's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock/ Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
WARREN — In Oakland. December 5, 1903.
Beatrice Lucy, beloved daughter of Ernest
and May Warren, a native of Saa Francisco.
aged 6 years 7 months and 1 day. ,'. - .
WATERS — In this city. December 7, 1903. Mar-
garet-Mary, -beloved daughter of John and
Irene Waters, and- sister- of Joseph and
Thomas Waters, and granddaughter of Mrs.
Mary Berkley, a native of San Francisco,
aged 11 months and 7 days.
WOOD — In this city -December 7, 1903. Tom.
beloved husband of Nellie Wood, a native of
Missouri, aged 60 years 4 months and 3 days.
WIEGAND — In this city. December 8. 1903., at
the residence of her stepfather, Adam Netj-
man, 2«18 Bryant avenue, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth streets. Clothll* E.
Wlfgand, dearly beloved wife . of Eugene A.
Wiegand. - beloved mother of Clothtla and
Eugene.' WIegand Jr.. and daughter of Mrs.
Adam Neun-.an, a native of Japan, aged 27
years 8 months and IS days.
B_TFriend3 a_d acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited 'to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 11:45 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her ¦ stepfather, Adam • Netiman.
2816 Bryant avenue, between Twenty-fourth
and Twenty-fifth streets, thence to St. Boni-
face's Church, Golden Gate avenue, between
I Jones and Leavenworth streets, for service*.
. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
S -MARRIED. ">> ? f
| -WESTDAHL— SULLIVAN^— In this " city. De-
cember B, 1903. by the Rev; Frederick "A.
; Doane, Ferdinand W. Westdahl of San Fran-
; clsco and Agnes M. Sullivan of Oakland, Cal.
'DIED/
Adams, Anna V. Krug. Christiana
Anderson, T. H. ' Laborde. Mounique
Anderson. Charles Lehmann, Carl Jr.- -
Baker, Margaret Le Strange, -Rose-
' Becker, Ruby ¦ ¦ - anna ¦ ......
Bouteiller, Louisa E. Muller. Charles A.
Butler. Elizabeth > • . Oberg, Gustav
Coleman, Mary l£.- O'Nell. '• Alma M.
Cordano, Giuseppe Perkina, Agnes
Cosgrove,, James W. Pisanl. Mary J. . ' .
Crane, Mrs. Flora A. Qulnn. James Joseph
Christensen, L. B. Robertson, Thomas F.
Enos. Marie _ Rlgby, Emma _ -,
Goodmundson, Ingle"-" ~ Riordan.' Mary Kl
borg Schaefer, Fritz j
Gonzalez, Dr. M. , E. Stinson, Sophie
Green, William B. Sullivan, Patrick
Grlswold, Esther Sulzer, Ellen
Hamilton, Thomas Tripp. George F.
Hurley, Sarah G. Walsh. MlchaeJJ.
James, Frank • • Warren. Beatrice I*
Kellogg, Orrin J. Waters. Margaret M.
Koster, Emilda „ ¦ ' Wood, Tom
.' '¦- .• . ' . ¦ . !
ADAMS— In this city, December 6, 1903. Anas
(Virginia, beloved wife, of Hiram "W. Adams.
» and ' mother of Walter A., Octavlan R. and i
Harvey L. Adams, Mrs. George J.* Turner ,
. and Mrs. Thomas T. Whear, a native of
Newark, N. J., aged 67 years 3 months and
10 days. . '
ESTrlends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully invited to attend tha funeral services
to-day . (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, • at her 1
late residence, 30 Rlnqon place, between
First and Second. Harrison and Bryant
streets. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and Town-
..send. streets.
ANDERSON — In this city, December 6, 1903.
x Thomas Heizer. beloved husband of Jennie
Duncan Anderson, and eldest son of J. W.
Anderson, aged 42 years 5 mop tha and IS
days. A member of Fresno Lofice No. 186,
I. O. O. F.; Mission Lodge Noi 169. F. and
A* M.. and Carmen's Union. Division No.
203. , --,.-.- -
(_~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral ' services
Tuesday, December 8, 1903. at 1:30 o'clock,
under the auspices of Mission Lodge No. 109.
F. and A. M., at Mission Masonic .Hall. 266o
Mission street, between Twenty-aecond and
Twenty-third. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by electric funeral car from ear-
ner of Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at
,2:30 o'clock. •; .- • - _.' , . . . '
ANDERSON— In ' this city. December 7, l»03.
Charles Anderson, beloved husband, of • Ida
Anderson, father of Walter and Agnes An-
derson, a native of Russia, aged 40 years.
. BAKER— In this clty r DecemW «, 1903. Mar-
garet, beloved daughter of Eugene J. and
Ella F. Baker, and sister of Francis J., Leo
and Gertrude Baker and Mrs. V. A. Han-
. ¦ cock, . a native of San Francisco, aged 24
-years 3 months and 4 days..
B—Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
December 8. at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, . 6C Stanlty^place. - thence to St.
Brendan's Church, corner Harrison and Fre-
mont streets, for services. Interment Holy
' Cross Cemttery, via electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
BECKER^In this city. December 7. 1903, Ruby
Becker, heloved. daughter of August and Au-
gusta Becker, and Bister of Augusta and the
late Albert Becker, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 8 months and 27 days. . . '
. ETFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from, the residence
of her parent's. 409 Tenth street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery. -
: BOUTEILLER— In this city. December 7. 1903,
Louisa Eugene, dearly beloved daughter of
Eugene and Jennie Bouteiller and loving sis-
ter;of Elizabeth Bouteiller, a native ot San
Francisco, aged 3 months.
BUTLER — Friends and acquaintances are re-
spectfully invited to attend the anniversary
mass of requiem for the repose of the soul of
Elizabeth Butler to-morrow (Wednesday), at
• 8 a. m., at St. Ignatius Church.
COLEMAN— In this city, December 7.' 1903.
Mary Margaret, dearly beloved daughter of
Andrew and Elizabeth Coleman. a native of
San Francisco, aged 3 years 7 months and 3
. days.
B^Notice of funeral hareafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767
Mission street, between Third and Fourth.
CORDANO— In this city, December 6. 1903,
Giuseppe, dearly beloved father of Antonio. |
I.ulgi, Giovanni and Giuseppe Cordano and
Mrs: Nlcdetta Pezzola, and of the late Anna
Boitano and Catterina Oneto, a native of
Italy, aged 89 years and 20 days.
B7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
v fully notified that the funeral - takes place on
Wednesday. December 9, 1903, at 1 o'clock.
- from his late residence. 311 Union street, be-
tween Kearny ,and Montgomery, thence to
Italian Church for benediction, thence to New
Italian Cemetery^ . ¦¦ '- ¦' ¦ . -'v •
COSGROVE— In this city, December T. 1903.
James W.. beloved son of -Annie and ths late
Thomas Cosgrove and beloved brother of Mrs.
, H. Heeseman and Mrs. Frank B. Dougherty,
a native of .San Francisco, aged 35 years and
1 month. - A member of Typographical Union
No. 21.
, : tETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 2209 Beach street, thence to St.
Vincent de Paul's Church, whera a solemn.
, requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
CRANE— In this city, at the residence of Mrs.
Flora A. Grover, 1093 Dolores street, Decem-
ber 6, 1903, Ellis T., beloved husband of
Carrie H. Crane, and father of Ethel. Mabel.
Temple, Kathleen, Ellis and Richard Crane,
a native of California, aged 49 years. (Co-
lusa. Cal., papers please copy.)
B-TThe funeral will take place in Coluea,
Cal.
CHRISTENSEN— In San Mateo, Cal., Decem-
ber 6. 1903, Lawrence Benson, beloved son of
Jorgen Christensen. a native of Oregon.
B7FrIends are Invited to attend the funeral
services Wednesday, December 9, at 2:30
o'clock, at the chapel of Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery. ' •
ENOS — In this city, December 6, 1903, Marie,
dearly beloved wife of Manuel Enos, loving
mother of Geraldine Enos, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. M. V. Peters, and sister of Annie,
Maggie, Winifred, Mildred, Frank, Manuel.
Antnony and Joseoh Peters and Mrs. L. Ci.
Fowler, a native of Sausalito, aged 32 years
2 months and 0 days.
ICTRemains at the parlors of E. Castag-
netto & Co., 043-45 Vallejo street, until
Tuesday, December 8, when at 2 o'clock the
remains will be sent to Petaluma, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul Wednesday, at 1U
o'clock. Interment at Petaluma.
GOODMUNDSON — In East Oakland, December
• 7,' 1903, „ Ingleborg, beloved wife of the late
Captain L. Goodmundson, mother of Ella B..
Alvln K.. Lawrence O. and Norma-A. Good-
mundson and Mrs. Chester Ware, sister of
Mrs. M. Olsenand Mrs. N. Stewart, a native
of Norway, aged 67 years 11 months and 12
days. ' ¦ t
GONZALEZ— In this city. December 6. 1903.
Dr M. E. Gonzalez, beloved husband of
EdieW. Gonzalez, father of Anieta W." Gon-
zalez, and brother ot Alfred Gonzalez, a na-
- tive of California, aged 55 years 4 months
and 11 days.
IE~The funeral services will take place to-
morrow (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, at the
Palace Hotel. Interment private. Please
omit ' flowers. .
GREEN — In this city, December 7, 1903. WH-
llam B., beloved son of Walter and Amelia
Green, and brother of Walter and George
- Green, a native of San Francisco, aged 3
years 8 months and 8 days.
GRISWOLD— In San Diego. November 23. 1903,
Esther Grlswold, beloved mother of B. Grls-
wold. Rev. John V. Grlswold. • William B.
Grtswold and Dr.---W.-N. Grlswold, a native
- of New York, aged 91 years.
HAMILTON — In the City and County Hospital,
December 6. 1903, Thomas Hamilton, a na-
tive of Kentucky, aged 67 years.
HURLEY — In this city, December. 7, 1903, at
• the residence, 2641 Harrison street, Sarah G.,
beloved daughter of John J. and Sarah Hur-
ley and sister of John J. and Evelyn Hurley,
a native of San Francisco, aged 3 years 5
months and 14 days.
JAMES^ — In the City and County. Hospital, De-
cember 0, 1903. Frank James, a native of
Kentucky.- aged 22 years.,
KELLOGG — In the City and County Hospital.
December 6. 1903, Orrin J. Kellogg, a native
of New York, aged 72 years.
KOSTER— In this city. December 7, 1903,
Emilda Koster. beloved daughter of Edward
and Annie Koster, and sister of Edna and
Eddie Koster, a native of San Francisco,
aged 10 months and 11 days;
KRUG-^-In this city, December 6. 1903, Chris-
' tlana Krug, dearly beloved mother of Mrs.
. Rosa Wagner and Philip J. and Albert Krug
and Henry Krug of Baltimore, Md., a native
of Germany, aged 75 years and 23 days.'.
K7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10:3V o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her daughter, 1965 Howard street,
near Sixteenth, thence ' to * the .-- Emanuel
Church, Twelfth street, between Mission .and
. Market, where services will be. held, com-
mencing at 11 o'clock. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
LABORDE — In - Oakland, December 7, 1803.'
Mounique Laborde, beloved mother of Cather-
ine ' Laborde, 3<rs. J.' Cassou. mother-in-law
of "J. Cassou and grandmother of Felix Cas-
sou, a native of France, aged 73 years.
(CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend : the • funeral services
Wednesday, December 9, 1903, at 1:30 o'clock,
from her late residence, 820 Franklin street,
. Oakland. thenc» to Immaculate Conception
Church . for services.' Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland. ."'.-"' ¦ ¦¦•,
F. J. MONAHAN. Manager. TeL Mission ._
MONAHAN, 0!HARA & CO.
FUNERAL' DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2^.39-2341 Mission st.. rear Nineteenth.
. %¦¦•; ; Ban Francisco- '
• James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
-.JAMES " McGINN A. CO.. . . .
,, " Formerly With McGinn Bros.. -
- — Funeral Directors and Embalmers.—
• 214 Eddy St.; Tel. South 67ft, .
FpiTMEiVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVA_E REAL 'ESTATE.
A BEAUTIFUL country home in Elmhurst; 8-
- room house; elegant interlori, finish; barn and
.'carriage house ;'. chicken and numerous other
/out bouses; concrete driveways; beautiful
' flower garden; 2 acres of orchard; one of, the
prettiest homes }n Alameda County; it is go-
Ing to go for half of its real value;prlce $4000;
small payment down; balance on easy terms; j
will exchange for Oakland or San Francisco
property. MITCHENER & BARTON,. 1010
Broadway. . :
OAKLAND/ ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 111- BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$2600 COST, and to worth $3000— Thirty-fifth
st. near San Pablo; only 4 blocks from
! ¦'¦:¦¦ Ke'y Route station; . thirty minutes . from
"*" this house to San Francisco by Key
• Route;. only one fare; a modern bay-win-
dow cottage~of 5 rooms, bath, high base-
. ment;lot 30x140; two-story barn; gravel
drives; In fact, an Ideal home; terms
only $50Q cash, balance mortgage; see-
ing is believing; call early; must be sold;
no reasonable offer refused. J. _ S.
MYERS or GEO. W. • AUSTIN. . \)2
! Broadway. Oakland. \
$3250— Juat think of It! Two cottages, 5
- rooms bath, basement, brick foundation,
hot and cold water, gas; street work all
-, complete; lot 60x150; fruit trees, carriage ,
t ¦ ' driveway; near school, local trains, cars
r and, business center; present income $32
per month; owner has gone East and his
Instructions are to sell; we must eell; we
will sell to the first' applicant who will
' talk cash and make reasonable offer. J.
S. MYERS, or GEO. W. AUSTIN. 1002
Broadway, Oakland. , , ¦
; $5250— Reduced from $6500; death compels
1 owner to leave for Los Angeles, and he 1b
forced to sell; location Webster st., near
, Nineteenth; only three blocks from the
business center, postofflce .and narrow
i gauge local; 7 rooms, bath; only occupied
; seven months; oi*n lawn, colonial style;
j nickel plumbing, plate glass; in fact, an
Ideal home; . must be sold;- Bee It and
make offer. J. S. MYERS. 'or GEO. W.
• AUSTIN. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
AN IDEAL HOME.
$3250 cash, balance to suit purchaser; a
grand, select home; modern house cf 12 rooms
and handsome grounds: well kept; Latham ter-
race, adjoining East Oakland; one block from
:car line; near steam local trains to S. F. and
fine schoolhouse; lovely site; tne outlook, view
of bay and mountain range unsurpassed; Al
'soil; a flne^vanety of immense fruit trees,- as-
sorted shrubbery and flowers; this is a rare
home} fine stable for horses and cow; size lOOx
125; price In all $6500. Can or send for (cir-
cular. 455 Seventh Bt., opp. Broadway station,
Oakland; carriage free.
H. Z." JONES, Land Owner.
$1150 ONLY for a cottage; 6 rooms, 'bath, etc.;
I located in East Oakland : easy terms. P. C.
LASSEN, & -CO., Oakland. Cal.
$4700 ONLY for 2 fine flats in Oakland; rented
for ?50' per month. P. C. LASSEN _ CO., ;
466 Tenth st.. Oakland. Cal.
A FINE 7-room house; must be sold this week;
good location; easy terms. P. C. LASSEN
& CO.. 466 Tenth Bt.. Oakland. Cal.
/ OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
VENDOME AND GRAND HOTELS,
856% Washington and D10 Ninth sts.. Oak-
land; furnished rooms en suite or single, with
or without board: special rates to famlll«_
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni-
ture. H. Schellhaas. 11th nt..cor.store.Oaklnd.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT Knickerbocker Apartments. 1340 Pine st..
near Hyde — Furnlsh'ed 3-room hults; $30 up;
steam heated, electric lighted ; free bath.
FILLMORE, 2210 — i., large furnished room*;
bath; housekeeping; choice; $30.
GEARY, 000 — 8 outside furnished rooms; «un
all day; coal and gas range; reasonable.' -
HYDE. 810 — 2 sunny front rooms: en suite 'or
sinpl.e: private family; reasonable.
MODEL HOUSE, 1206 Stockton st. — Newly
furnifheti rooms, $5-$12;. bath, gas, phone.
POLK, 1(>18, near Geary — Neatly furnished
front housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
SXTTTEIJ. pr*,2B— Elegantly furnished -suit of.
roomfc, fjitable for gentleman or light hskpg.
TAYLOR. Oil — 2 furnished rooms; gas range,
coal stove, sink; $10. Phone Kate. 2084.
THE CRAGBURN. 1007 Larkin St., cor. Post--
Sunny furnished apartments; also- single
rooms; rent reasonable.
THIRD. 17, near Examiner — 3, 4 or 6 neatly
furnished rOcnu to let; rent reasonable.
APARTMEITT HOUSES.
MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS.
Corner Pine and Taylor sta. ; beautiful . new
modern apartments; all sunny corner suites;
furnished or . unfurnished ; none superior; ma-
rlne view. LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery.
OCTAVIA, 1423, \iear Post — Elegantly fur^
njshed 3-4 room apartments: most private and
select In the city; private hall, bath; refs.
IIADDON HALL, "*
851 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. find tnforn.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts. — New
house, new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from $1 50 per
week up; this Is the only up-to-date house In
this vicinity; flrst-claaa grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
! light housekeeping rooms; open all night. '.
ASHWORTH. 320 Mason St., bet. Geary and
Post — Suite and single rooms with or with-
out private bath; sun In < rooms all day. ¦
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25e. 60c, $1, $1 60 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night. -
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1304) — Fur-
ntshed- rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 1421%— Sunny furnished room cheap;
bath. . ¦'...¦ • ¦ ¦ - -. ¦
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 872^ — 2 nicely furnished rooms, double
or single; rent reasonable; phone, bath.
EDDY, 818— Elegantly furnished suite of three
or four rrfoms, or single; every modern con-
venience
FELL' 222 — One furnished room, private fam-
lly, $6. ¦
GOLDEN 'GATE ave.. 847 — Furnished rooms;
all conveniences; private; rent reasonable.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 60o
to $1 B0 night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
HOWARD. 1310— Nicely furnished sunny front
parlor for 2 gentlemen or lady and gent. '
JESSIE. 3C3, east u! R. Mint — Furnished
rooms. $8 and $7; for 2. $9. ' ¦
LAGUNA and McAllister, St. James flat — Sun-
ny single room. ' . ' ¦ " ' "
LARKIN. 247— Sunny rooms to let; $1 P0 to $3.
LARKIN. 816 B— Sfriall, light room, large hall,
oloset, bath and phone; reasonable.
LARKIN, 804 — Sunny front room, with grate,
for 1 or 2 gentlemen, $7; single room, '$4 50.
NINTH, 119 (Gillesple)— Nicely furnished room*
$1 SO to $2 60 per week; 50c to 75o per night.
POLK, S23— Best furnished rooms in the ' city
for the money; single or en suite; everything
.new."'- and plenty of sunshine; terms very
•reasonable; only. 10 minutes' walk to Powell
"and Market sta. >'...; ' ~ ¦¦¦' • •". '
POWELL 317 — Sunny front suite for doctor or
dentist; also other furnished rooms.
POST, 71S Private, new, neat, clean; single
' ¦ or . en . suite ; low, for. permanent. - ' * ¦-. -; .
SUNNY front rooms, en suite or single: gen-
tlemen; private; reasonable. 132 A 14th at.
BUTTER, 230 — The Crane— Elegantly furnished
.: rooms; downtown; suite or. single; $10 up. ...
TAYLOR, B15B — Handsome rooms; sun all day;
. $10; closet; running, water; bath, -gas. '
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy,st.. nr. Market —
(400 single and family rooms; Soo to $1 night;
$1 75 to $0- week; elevator;*' electric lights;
! I reading-room;; free. bus and : baggage. ., ,
VAN NESS, 619— Handsome sunny ' furnished
suites and single rooms; all conveniences.
WINCHESTER Hotel,' .44 3d St., near Market—
¦ Most convenient and respectable ; 700 rooms ;
¦ 85c, to $1 50 night; $2 to $8 week
¦ elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS,^ subscriptions received i at
- Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church ¦ sta.
CL OSSIFIED advertisements I and ! subscriptions
received at 'Call , branch office. 2200 FlUmore.
A BRANCH" office "of The 'Call for the recep.
- tlon* of 'advertisements : and- subscriptions has
> been? opened 4 at -1008 - Market ut., opposite
I 1 ¦ Fifth. Open' until 11 ' p. m.
; ' rooms' and board.
a ; '" ! "'""' -the dresden ¦' ' "" " ' ' '¦'
j select family boarding-house. 1442
•; ,-fulton.bet.;broderick and baker.
j FIRS£r'S23— Board and lodging, $4 50; changed
[hands; "all, home cooking. ' * r ' * -J
¦ "-.'- . . . . - =
, f.OST AND F*t PXn — Contlnne-d.
LOST — Children's picture*: on Market, bet.
Stockton and Kearnj; return reward. 427
Oenifntli™. st. _______________
L<>t ; T— Purse on 6:_0 train from San Rafael.
:sv£l Twentieth St.; reward.
MEDICAL
Mil?. DR Wi'ETH sp*f— list for all female
complaints; znetant relief jru_ranteed; 30
years' experience: removed to _-0 Post __.
MKS. DR. KCHL. reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. HMSM Market St., opp. 5th.
YALPEAU'S fmnir .'ill?; best regulating pills
eoid; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's
syrinpe and tablets; price *5. By express
or.ly on receipt ot price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS. »hoic>a!e druggists. Seventh and
Bread way, Oakland.
mi. G. V. oi»ONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this Ej>ecialist on female
complaints: r'os'U^'v corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
a«vice frw. O;nc». I01S Market Bt.
Dr». Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
in cUtttri«=, ffm&lo complaints; inst. relief; ,
tr*-atrnmt $10; hours. 10 to 5; 25 yeara exper.
MRS. D ALLEN. 111S Market— Reliable ladies'
¦Pfri-Mft; a private home before and during
cciiar.cnicnt ; best medical care; low fees.
DR. ROSEN re.iiies 2905 Folsom St., corner
2Cth; ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original meth">d of treatment. 1120 Market st.
PP.. NO TOY KEE. 319 Powell _t.. opposite
I'nlon square; all diseases cured by herbs. ;
51I__IM_RY.
LADIES— 200 elylish hats to select from; lease
ecld; murt vacate February 1, 1904; Fave
mor.pv ty calling on MME. DOSCH, _07 Post.
MISCELLANEOUS — 1OII SALE.
13O1LERS. engine*. 2.1-han_ machinery. McIN-
TO_H _ WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont et.
DOKS YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with clatorite; in rolls easy to lay; j
newels no painting cr costing; good ever old j
iron, tin or ehinsrles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market _t.
FOR talc — BBS laying hen«, _!U chicks 2 months '
old, _O jii_t-on>. 3 Incubators. 3 brooders, I
hfrse, wagon, buggy, 2 FetF liarr.ess, working i
implements. «-tc; place for rent. Inquire !
__2£GEMAN*8 jrrocery, <Jth ave. S. and L it. j
_S0 CONTRACTOR? fhovejs (little ise-3), alsi !
lO.Ouw feet of double and triple taped fuse j
for eale. American Produce Co., cor. Drumm
and Washington ste. ?* I
FOR fh1<? — First -cla_s city paper route on '
Lo« Angel*-. Times; will sell cheap; owner j
going Last. Inquire til. Cornwell ex., Los j
Angr-le*. Cal.
_D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps, j
pulleys, fhafting, etc., etc.. bought, eold,
rer.ted nrd e_changt-d; see Sunday papers.
II. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 13O-l.;_ Beale Bt.
A— Fine suits. ?T r.0; dress pants. $2 W. Origi-
nal Mirf.t Cluihinp Pailorg. 2_S Kearny Bt..
near Bu*h; open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A— BUI'S, sells cr rents gear machinery, en-
fines. boilers, water pip«. shafting, pulleys.
«-tc. WHITELAVC*. 2.3-255 Spear Bt.
.•TTEWRITERS. slightly used, sold at co«t;
re* Un_fr»ood visible typewriter catalog
*ent free. R. E. Revalk A Co.. Ean Francisco.
TRY our ruin's bhces at tl and Jl 50 pair'
foot-form ehoes at $2 50; we pay express ]
charges. 11 3d et.. Exam, bid.; catalog, free, i
ALTKRATION rale— Best U 50 hats. $1 SO. j
Popular Price Hatter. 3S0 Kearny st.. near ¦
Pine; open to » p. ra. ; Sundaj's to noon. ;
I DISPOSING or Wltte gas engines; 2 H. P.. 20 |
fc II. P. : attractive prices. The Tracy En.i- :
netririg Co. 1.1 Fremont et., S. F.
, . j
A FETW genuine diamonds, cheap, b> private j
party; largest -karat rings, earetuds, sun- '
tur-t. Ftud. The Mayflower, .08 Third, r. 5. j
FOR sale — Ttd f.ne £t. Bernard dors; extra I
pood watchdogs, at 782 HaUrht ex., near
Scott.
BOMB erwid Ff-cond-hand pasollne engines. 1 to
12 II. P.. cheaD. E. B. Beck & Co., 122 Mkt.
.LOT Eachir.es cheap: Chicagos, Twentieth j
Onturle*. Pucks. BACIGALUPL 9"3 Market.
FINE Fteam automobile; fir?t-c:__s cider. __0
Lycn et.
DEO—I and safe.; see the complete line at 181«
Market, ab. Van Ness. RICHARDSON EROS, i
PUB— U« office. 1 C.&P. presses, motor, cutter,
type, fixtures; doing good business. 28S6. Call.
CAFES— New and eeccr.d hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery et.
A VERY fin- diamond h<>art for $210 at W. J. j
HEFTUAL'S. 10 Eisth _t.
NF.W and treend hand machinery of ail kinds.
KROGU MNFG, CO.. 513 Market rt. \
SIOVING pictures, rr.aglc lanterns. Bale, rental;
bargains. Dullard & Breck. 131 Poet rt.
MILES of p'.p* end fittings: all elzee. ED-
GENE RILEY & SON'S. 109 Vallejo Et.
6AFES— Nr- and recend hand- E. B. BECK
ft CO.. 122 Market et.
Ail bargains ;camp stools and chairs; hammocks.
tnetal beds, mattresses. J.F.Hotter.?12 Mission.
F-di*en ph^ncRTaphs. record*, supplies, moving
picture machine?, films. Bacigalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE pr^rinen. automobiles tnd launches;
ail cues. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ASK for pric** on second-hand typewrlers; all
t Trafceg. ALEXANDER - CO.. 110 MontTy-
A BRANCH efnee of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and FUbscnptions has
h«M? opened at 1008 Market rt.. opposite
Fifth. Or">Ti -until 11 p. m.
MISCE--AXEOCS \VAXTS.
WILL ray cash for gent's R. R. ticket via El t
Paso; principals only for next 5 days. P. 1
O. box 6L; Alaraeda.
WANTED — 5x7 Reflex camera without l»ns.
ARTHUR INKERSLET. 50S Montgomery st.
WANTED— To rent part or whole office; man-
ufacturer's -gent. Box 310C, Call office.
A BARGE or float; state size; good condition;
-TfrfcFor.able. Box 2*S3. Call office.
BOOKS and libraries bcught. H. C. HOLME?,
1149 Market Et. ; phone Jeseie 3741. or postal.
I PAT highest prices for all kinds of cazt-oS
clcthlr-g; eend postal. MORRIS. S70 Fclsom.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Bth St.; tel. Jessie 2851.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
lfl rmce*. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MOXCY TO LOAJT.
A JLA^HEKM XS &IU RPH Y.
G01-6C2-603 Examiner building.
Gt-'ick rettlement*; no disappointment.
Eave expenses by dealing directly.
Ertate*. eecond mortgages, undivided intor-
ccts, a—dgniaents of rents, property in trust,
«tc; legacies, life estates and undivided ln-
tertets in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
fee* HERMAN MURPHY. - -
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal; to permanent salaried people en
tt-'.r note without security or knowledge of
employer; lowest rates; no commission. NA-
TIONAL CREDIT CO.. €S and C3 Donohoe
tulldlng. 1170 Market st. ¦___'
/STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS en for-
*4 Riture pianos or to salaried people on their
r.ote; proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINIOS
T— TTST CO.. r. lfl. Phelan bid., tel. Main 704.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teameters. boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business In
«G principal cities. Tolman. 653 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liber-il advances on diamonds, Jewelry, at
£ pff? cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
84« Market; tel. Main 1044. Branch, 1» Third.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano: no remor.
al. no comraiaelon no publicity .$25 up; quick.
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 C rant av*.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
MONEY to loan on low Interest: cold, silver,
diamonds, !•' ar> and precious stones bought
et XV. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st. ¦
NKW eaey method— To wage-earners on unin-
dcrstd nous; absolute privacy. Fidelity
Loan Company, rooms 4.8-49. Chronicle bldg.
VO salaried people witbout security; oa furni-
•<_¦•• indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
iHtcount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy; no commission installments accepted.
BONELLI 301 Eddy.- Conservatory building.
OPEN Credit Aes'n. loans on salaries confiden-
tially: new.simple plan. Room 60, 818 Market.
ZT. ON furnlt%e & piano*; $15 up: no removal;
no com. v7\'R^MAIN. rocm SI. C Eddy st.
j PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mu-
tual 8arlnr» Bank bldg.. 708 Market st.
ALL leans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
tno. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 633 Kearny.
ETAR Loan Co. of Wyoming , loans ' money to
calaried employes. R. 31L Mutual 8av.Bfc.bld.'
_C«£H loaned «alart*d people on notes without
lndcrser. MORELL. C09 Examiner bldg.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent*— The Weekly Call.
Itj p£g»«. <n wrapper, for mailing. $1 per yea'-.
OFFICES A3VO STORKS TO LET.
DF.FK room In fine" offices ;centmi location;
for rent -cheap." W. F. Cummin*. 110 Montey.
RE.'U^^ESTATE— CITI't—FOII^^ALE. ii
BALDV'IN Si HOWELL,
- - • 25 POST ST.
10 LEVEL LOTS, ; *
Suitable for ¦
. . ' Flats or Residences. I
$2500 AND UP. j
?6,lC0 — A positive bargain; comparatively new
v pair pf flats on the north elde of Fred- j
crick Bt, near Ashbury; Nos. 212 and
214; large lot, / 25x116:0; modern
throughout; rented low at $600 per
I year; we are .instructed by the owner,
, - who resides in the East, to Bell this
, property at once; the price has b«en
reduced from $7000 to make a quick
, sale; the flats could not be duplicated
for lets than $0000; lot worth $2500;
get permit from our office.
$1,000— Rent $42 per month; 4 separate flati
of 4 rooms each, in splendid renting
location,- close to Third St.; lot runs
through from street to street, having
double frontage; at In perfect order;
new roof, etc.; must be sold j this
J " week ; a bargain can be had in this
¦ property.
$4,250 — Splendid residence on Pine St., 2-
story house, 7 rooms and bath; modern
plumbing; porcelain bath, etc.; cheap-
est house to be had In the Western
Addition.
$9,500 — Rents $65 per month; large lot. 25x144;
on Fillmore St., near McAllister; two-
' . . story frame building of 2 flats of 6 and
1 rooms and bath each; building could !
:"• be raised and store put In at small
cost, making this a choice piece of busi-
ness property.
$15,000— To close an estate, or will be sold
separately or $6000 and $9000; Ellis
Bt.; in excellent location; three fine
dwellings, 2 and 3 stories and base-
ment; lot 60-foot frontage; will sub-;
divide for $0000; lot 35, with 2 houses,
rent $65, or for $0000. 3-story building;
renting for $45; 25-foot frontage.
$5,750— Here you are;, all you people looking
for 2 flats In Western Addition at a
I bargain; we have 2 flats of 6 rooms
and bath each; not far from the park, :
dote to Haight-st. cars, on a lot 25x80.
and renting for $56 50 per month; this
is a solendld investment.
$20,000— Must be sold before owner leaves for
Europe on December 1; large lot, 30r
i 137:6; frame building, renting for $82 50
per month; right down town, with t ele-
gant exposure; suitable for small hotel
or apartment-house; near Sutter. and
Powell sts.
$2,900 — Tremont ave.. near Waller; only one
block to Halght-st. cars; very desirable
little home, iconslsting of a cottage,
containing 5 rooms, and bath; not oc-
. cr.pied by owner, but renting for $22 50
per month; a well-paying investment if
- not wanted for a home. •
$1.000— Tho asking price; any fair offer will
take this property, belonging to an asso,
elation which, desires to eell Its real
estate ; large corner lot, ' 50x85, com-
manding s splendid view; desirable for
a builder; corner Hill and Sanchez sts.;
take Castro-st. cars.
?S,500— Rents $900 per annum; lot 25x122:6,
to rear street; two eplendld flats of. 8
1 and 7 rooms and bath each,' and cot-
' lage of 6 rooms; street work all done:
; always rented; Vallejo St., close to Van.
: ¦ . Ness ave. ¦ '
; $4000— CLEMENTINA St., near St'i.; lot 25x
SO' 4 separate flats; rents $41 50 per month;
must be sold. BALDWIN & HOWELIi,
' 25 Post st.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS, »
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
LARGE VAN NESS AVENUE CORNER.
Covered with good frame Improvements;
rents low. $500 a month now; can be In-
creased by small expenditure; has also the
advantage of being an excellent site for a
large family hotel or A apartment house.
NEAR GEARY AND MASON. '
75 feet front, running back to a rear street:
nearly 15,000 square feet; excellent site for
stores and hotel; not a better buy in the
market.
' THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
Nearly 20,000 square fee-
Not far from Larkin street.
Fine site for hotel, apartment house or' large
number of small flats.
•$30,000.
SAN MATEO— BURLINGAME. •,
Best buburban homes near San • Francisco;
no ferry; electric railroad now running; lots
and residences for sale; we can sell good lots
as Inw as $."00 each; we will be glad to show
them; we also have «ome acreage land near by
as low as $100. to $200 oer acre. ;
McAFEE BROTHERS,
10S Montgomery St.. San Francisco. Resident
agent, S. G. GOODHUE, Western Union Tel.
bldg.. San Mateo.
MODERN cottages; finished complete with
every convenience; easy terms; large lots.
4 rooms — $2900.
6 rooms — $3250.
/ 5 rooms— $3500. . '.
6 rooms— $3600.
7 rooms — $41CO-
6 rocme— $4600.
Located on First and Second aves. bet.
Geary and McAllister st. cars and one block
north of park. F. NELSON, builder.
15 PER cent on Investment: 2 new fiats; Dor-
land st. : rents $62 50 month; $4000 cash;
$2500 at 6 per cent.
$5500 — Store and flat, with cottage; good
stock of groceries and bar.
D. COFFIN & CO., 3303 Mission st.
$1700 — STORE and 5 rooms, bath. "
$2300-?New cottaee, 6 -rooms, bath; modern;
$200 cash, balance $25 per month.
MISSION REALTY CO., 2 29th st.
FOR choice list of city property, houses .and
lots, also Oakland and Berkeley bargains,
ca'.l on or address - . ~
ROTHERMEL & CO., 507 California st.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost Improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
NEW- flats for sale on Sixteenth st. near
Church; rent $90 a month. D. CONDON,
builder. ' • . 4 ,
PLUMBING,, gasflttlng and . general jobbing.
Ahlbach &' Mayer, plumbers, 836 Howard st.
LOTS N or S side of Golden Gate ¦ Park, pur-
chaped by W. J. GUNN. 7 530 California st.
REAL ESTATE — Country — For Sale.
FOR farms, orchards and vineyards, poultry
and stock ranches, timber and grazing lands,
call or send' for our catalogue. ROTHER-
MEL & CO.. 507 California st.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
$200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet. It's free. 603 J st. ¦
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal.
FOR sale — 15-acre fruit farm; good improve-
ments; rood location: connected with San
Francisco by rail and electric cars. Call or
address 715 Nineteenth st., Oakland, Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock I ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. CM. WOOSTER CO., 648
Market st. - - : . . •
A BIG list of. all, classes . of ranches; . state |
what's wanted and I'll send descriptions.
N. D. RICKELS, the Land Agent, 6 Geary, j
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly ]
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or* Canada one year for $1.
POINT RlCHMOyP REAL ESTATE.
WATER, front lots and- bargains; all tracts;
maps, photon, etc. BELL.: 417 Parrott bldg.
STL -TERIN 'G A y D STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School, Van Ness-Market— Cuni
In every case; Individual teaching: no medl-
cine. Inquire Into wonderfnl cures :hom» cur*.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIvTdeND~NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con.— A dividend. No. 60, of fifty (50) '
cents per share on the issued capital stock of
the company has been * declared, payable at
the office of the company, rooms 202, 204 and
20G Hayward building, San Francisco, on De-
cember 10, 1903. Transfer books close Decem-
b«r 3. 1903. at noon. C. C. QUINN. Bec'y.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAJL ESTATE.
BUY ONE OF THESE CHRISTMAS PRES-
ENTS;
$1200— Acre lot. oh Claremont ave.; fine trees.
$G50-r-Lot overlooking bay; near College ave. ;
all street work done; cars 2 blocks.-
$2500— 50x130 on Channing way, near Tele-
graph ave.; everything else in block $3250;
$8 per foot; fine corner lot, near new -Santa Fe
station.
CHENEY & BERRY.
..- P. O. Block. Berkeley station.
A SNAP— Must be sold at once; $3700; two-
story, ; 6- room . house, 1 year old ; lot 42x120 ;
street work all • done; new furniture •'.- com- !
plete throughout; 1 block from 'electric cars
and 3 blocks from Lorin station; $1200 cash,
balance $30 permonth. 1927 Falrview St., or
L, J. MORAN & CO.." 2131 Shattuck ave.~ ;
ONE -left: a splendid new' home In Berkeley;
-email cash payment; remainder on install-
. mentp less than' ; rent. -. S. F. /and S.' t Home
Building Society. 7C8 Market st., S. F. - '
._¦•-¦ •-- ¦ -CALL'S CARTOONIST PICTURES THE TROUBLES OF THE HUNGRY WHO ARE COMPELLED TO FORAGE FOR
THEIR MEALS BECAUSE THE RESTAURANT KEEPERS' ASSOCIATION HAS CLOSED THE DOORS OF
.' :- TWO-SCORE OF THE LEADING EATING-HOUSES.
ASHLAND. Or.. Dec. 7. — E. H. Har
riman's. special train, en route from
San Francisco to Portland, was de
tained here for some time to-night to
permit the calling of a physician to at
tend one of ••the.'; party. A request to
be given the name of the sufferer was
refused. ItWas not: Harriman, how
ever.
Member of Harriman Party 111.
sjno UJAl •uondmntuoo Joj ojno •.o«T<I *T*Z
WASHINGTON, Dec. 7. — The Senate con
firmed the nomination of Charles P. McClel
laij," New , Tork, as jreneral appraiser of mer
chandise.
Red Eyes and Eyelids, Granulated
Eyelids and other Eye troubles cured by
Murine Eye Remedy. • '
"We are in this flght to win. We can
bring other restaurants into line If we
need them. "We will take no steps to
close other restaurants unless they at
tack us. We could stop the meat and
fish supplies of other houses, but will
only do so as a defensive measure. An
other meeting of the association will be
held to-morrow afternoon."
The Nathan Dohrmann Company
solved the problem of providing eat
ing places for their help by spreading
tables in the annex to their building.
Three hundred employes partook of
excellent fare as guests of the firm.
The closing of the restaurants Is seri
ously Injuring the markets for many
lines of produce, notably poultry, game,
fruits, potatoes, vegetables, butter and
eggs, by diminishing the consumption, '
and most of these products are declin- '""
ing In consequence.
IX FIGHT TO WIN'.
We. have had an intimation that th«
unions would like to confer, and wo
have expressed ourselves as being de
sirous of meeting them.
A large audience enjoyed the open re
hearsal of the Treble Clef Club yes
terday afternoon at Steinway Hall.
Among those taking part- were Mrs.
John Madden and Miss Viola Samter
In "The Ode to Music" (Zoellner), ac
companied by the chorus. Miss Eliza
beth Gowan accompanied cleverly.
Rehearsal of 'Treble Clef Club.
A rumor reached a member of the
Restaurant Keepers' Association yes
terday that the unions were ready and
willing to confer with It. At a meeting
held In the afternoon Chairman John
son of the executive committee moved
that the committee now having the af
fairs of the association in charge be
empowered to meet and treat with any
committee from the unions. The mo
tion was adopted and it remains for
the unions to arrange such "a meeting.
In discussing the affairs of the asso
ciation last night. Mr. Johnson said:
"Tortoni's. Delmonico's, Marchand's
and the Bav State are not members
of our association, but will close if the
association requests Mr. Blanco of the
Poodle Dogr. We are not ready to call
upon the French restaurants, as we
feel we have the situation well in hand.
The Restaurant Keepers* Association
was ready to go on under the old
agreement between the association and
the unions, which would expire on Jan-,
uary 31 on the following conditions:
First, that the unions put back the
crews they took out of the Central
Dining Room and the Tivoll Cafe. Sec
ondly, that they cancel all the agree
ments they have enforced from indi
vidual members of the association:
and, thirdly, that while this agreement
last, they refrain from compelling
members of the association to sign in
dividual agreements.
"Before we ask Mr. Blanco to close
we will await further developments.
2013 Mission: 8. C. Bernedo. 218 Townsend.
The so-called "French" restaurants,
Marchand's, Poodle Dog, Pup, Delmon
co's and Tortoni's, were open for busi
ness. Mr. Blanco, proprietor of the
Poodle Dog, Is a member of the asso
ciation and had he closed the other
places, with the exception of Mar
chand's, would ha,ve shut their doors.
The association did not deem It neces
sary to call upon Mr. Blanco to close,
although he is willing to do so, so says
Mr.- Johnson, chairman of the execu
tive committee of the Restaurant
Keepers' Association, when requested.
COMMITTEES MAY COXFER.
' NAPA, Dec. 7.— Extensive- arrangements are
under way tor the nineteenth -anniversary ball
to be given by the Alert Hose Company at the
Napa • Opera-house In • this city on ¦ New Year's
eve.-.The : Olympic Club of : San Francisco will
be '¦ the ' guest on that '. occasion, and : will ' pre
sent ' one of , their comedy programmes under
the leadership of -John O lea son. The commit
tee of - arrangements - is composed of- Joseph
Kronbergj (chairman), A. Amstutz, ; James : G.
Kyser, Robert Even, . John Harris ! and ' Richard
-Orowlev " : ' .*' * - " ¦
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 7.— The four
rnarted lumber schooner Endeavor,
nineteen days out from Puget Sound
and which made San Pedro to-day, re
ports the loss of John Michaelson. a
teaman, who Ml overboard during a
fierce s^uth-?astrr that swept the coast
last' Saturday evening.
COPENHAGEN, Dec. 7.— The ministry hag
recommended ¦ that Klne Christian recognize
the reoubllc of Panama. . -
Strictly vegetarian (no pork). W. G. M.
Beans, with Chili Sauce, at your gro
cer's. •
found In his pocket. It was Issued
at Sonoma, September 30, 1903.
The proprietors of- the Humboldt
House say that Benes has been living
off the earnings of his wife for many
months. They arrived there last
spring and the woman went to, work
in the kitchen. Benes hung around
the place and refused to work. Soon
after that they went to Los Angeles.
They left there after a short stay, the
.wife leaving her husband and return
ing to work at the hotel and Benes
going to Sonoma County.
He returned here two .months ago
and sought out his wife, but she re
fused to have anything to do w : lth
him. Then he went to Los Angeles
and nothing more was heard of him
till he arrived here on Saturday.
When he ran short of funds he would
take his wife's money and when that
was spent he every pawned her
clothes. She finally left him, unable
to stand his abuses and threats any
longer.
Among Benes' effects was discov
ered a long letter written In German,
in which he declared his Intention of
killing his wife and himself. He
broods over his troubles In the note
and accuses his wife of being intimate
with another man.
Mrs. Benes brought suit for divorce
against, her husband pn December 3.
She alleges In her complaint that he
had abused her, pawned her clothes
and even went so far as to strike her
In the face at. the corner of Broad
way and \ Stockton street . several
months ago.
CONVERSES WITH FRIEND.
Benes, while conversing with a
friend last night, said:
"Nine days ago I sent my wife's
sister to San Francisco to see If she
could not Induce my wife to return
home. I wanted her to come back and
live with me, so that we might have a
happy Christmas. Last Friday my
sister-in-law returned to Los Angeles
and said that she had been unable to
do anything with my wife. She said
that my wife said that she* was never
going to come back. She was. happy
and having a big time and didn't want
to come back. .
"I then left Los Angeles and arrived
here Sunday. I Immediately went to
her apartments and tried to get, her
to return and told her that I Intended
to kill her If she did not come home
with' me. My efforts, however, .were
unavailing. I have had the revolver
for a long time qnd "brought It with
me to force her 'to come back with
me." ' , V . ' • . - . .•"lAt-'-Tj;
the cellar to get some vegetables.
George came down after me. He said,
'Good-by. I don't want you any longer
for my wife.'- He threatened my life
before. I said I did not want him any
more. I don't know whether I will
die or not. I hope I'll get well. This
happened In the cellar of the Humboldt
House, 1309 Stockton street. He tried
to shoot me once. I don't know what
he did then. He came in the side door,
which was open. EMMA BENES."
Witnesses-Louis Ward, Thomas
Ryan, Charles Taylor and A. E. An
drew. .
Benes was removed to the Emer
gency Hospital at the City Hall. He
expressed: regret that his attempt at
self-destruction had failed and added
that he would end his own life at the
first .opportunity. He said he had
made preparations to take the life of
his wife and then his own. .He aver
red that the woman was untrue to
him and jealousy drove him insane.
Following is his statement:
"I saw. Emma on the street about
6 o'clock this morning. I followed
her. I saw my wife go into the cellar
at 1309 Stockton street. I said, 'Em
ma, come back to me.- She said, 'I
don't want anything more to do with
you.' I pulled my pistol from my back
pocket and shot her. She started to
run and I shot her. Then I shot my
self and said. 'Good-by.' I don't feel
like I am going to die. I work in the
telephone company at Los Angeles. I
made a mistake. .1 saw Emma In the
house. I went there, and saw Renner
at the bar. Then I went into the bath
room and waited. I put' my hand on
her shoulder and begged her to come
back to me. She said, 'Go away,' and
I shot her. • • GEORGE BENES."
Witnesses — Louis Ward, Thomas
Ryan and Charles Taylor.
MADE WIFE SUPPORT HIM.
In the pockets of Benes' coat were
found a marriage license Issued to
him and Emma Landoett In Los An
geles, dated January 21, 1903. She
gave her age as 19 and he as 27. Both
are natives pf Switzerland. A nat
uralization paper, in which Benes de
clared his intention of becoming a
citizen of the United States was also
Steal Money From Woman's Rooms
Burpiars entered tne rooms of Mrs.
Kate Edington in the Shirley building,
at the corner of Sacramento and Kear
ny sfreets, last night and took $150 in
msh. The crooks forced their way in
through th«» kitchen door by the aid of
a Jimmy and ransacked the place. The
TT.oney they stole was concealed be
neath the mattress nf a bed.
MURDEROUS HUSBAND AND
HIS WIFE. WHOM HE FA
TALLY SHOT.
Helen Lewis, a stranger in a strange
city, with a storage battery concealed
In her brain and nursing a penchant
for the stage, visited the office of
Mayor Schmitz yesterday. The tal
ented but misguided Helen demanded
that his Honor forthwith procure a
position for her as leading lady at one
of the local theaters. She gave such
a strenuous exhibition of her powers
that steps wer*> at once taken to com
ply with her demand to a certain ex
tent. Helen will make her first pro
fesional appearance before the In
sanity Commissioners this morning.
Thinks She Is an Actress.
The formation of the railway ex
pressmen Into a union; Is one of the
latest labor agitations. Representa
tives from Portland, Ore., and Los An
geles have visited this city and urged
the formation of a ; union of men- em
ployed in this, branch of labor into an
body." .: Definite action
will be taken at a meeting to be held
°The following 'officers have been
elected by the Amalgamated Wood
workers* Union: President, Jacob
Mayblum: vKe-presldent. Ernil; Stein
berg; recording secretary, Julius Beck
er; assistant financial secretary. Adolf
Warwarosky; treasurer,- John H. Mil-,
ler- trustee. W. F. Rose; executive
committee, EmUC. T Stelnberg. T. Os
borne R. Theuer, John Ott, W. D.
Ballard. H. Penzel, Walter Schneider,
John Gustafson and John H. Miller;
delegates to Building Trades Council.
Henry ¦ Theller.^Heinrich Neidlinger/
Emil C. Steinberg, Frank <Schmltz,
John Jantzen and Otto Rose; joint
conference committee, Henry Theiler,
Helnrich Nledllnger, Frank Schmitz,
Jens Christensen and; Jorges < Jorgen
son.
The following resolution, was adopt
ed by San Francisco Lodge No. 68, In
ternational Associatoln of. Machinists,
at its last regular meetlngand a copy
was ordered sent to the l press of this
city:
: Resolved. - That > we » shall hereafter purchase
only ' such gloves as bear the ' union label of
the <¦ International Gloveworkers of America. •
Labor News.
Signs on the doors of many restaur
ants read: "Closed for repairs" and
"Closed by order of the Restaurant
Keepers* Association." Among the
places that closed their doors to the
hungry multitude were:
Arfsten, Elcher & Co.. 2C8 Kearny: Ben-
W.tt * Wlttmer. 10 Ellis: T. Bertz. 24 Eli*:
Louis BmoziI. 504 Market: John i .Mirer. -&K
Pine: Coutard & Machebuau. 419 Pine: Car^
rere & Co.. 445 Bush: Charles Clarke. 612
Kearny: TV Cumin. 53 1 Clay: H. Diers, 316
Bush: Detien & Men*eV 3» Market: Darbee &
Iir.mel. Union Square Market; T. B. . Gallndo
& Bros., 133 O'Farrell: Haub Bros.. 1<-1»
Powell- Ed E. Hesse. 783 Market:, M.. Johnson.
725 Market: J. Jacobaen.; 13. Sixth: A.- T. Has
ten, 26 Sixth: F. ".K«me. 35-37XJeary: E.
A. Kell, 222 Sutter: C. G. Larsen. 18 Edd> ,
James Vlnum, 211 Grant avenue; Olsen Bros..
21tt Market; H. C. Olsen, 417 California: Owens
ft Starr; 0 Sixth and 1237 Market: F#terwn , *
Rert.toen. 225 Grant avenue; C. F*te«on. H»
Market* Polli & Parctan, 317 Powell J P. Pe-
Person. 6M Kearny; Ruedljer & Lpesch 111-
Larkln- F. A. Swain, 213 Sutter: C. Taft/4.8
KeLrny- Georee VallWnos. 1007 Market: Wes
terfeld & Co.. 103S Market: . Jultn Wltt««m..
SIR Fin* Paul Wichronskl. 387 Bush; P.
WwwrteVd-* Co.. MS-Markef.Wlck.r & Her
mansen. City Hall avenue: Charles Mayer.
The hungry had a wild search for
places to eat yesterday. The leading
restaurants of the city were closed by
the order of the Restaurant Keepers'
Association and the eating houses that
Merc open were far too small to ao
commodate the hungry horde that
clamored for food. Many homeless peo
ple, who look to the restaurants for
their meals, hunted up places that
were open and congratulated them
selves that the ban had not reached
their discovery.
Those who labor in the business sec
tion of the city took no chances. They
provided themselves with lunches and
passed the closed restaurants with an
independent air. The fair stenographer
and the equally fair saleslady carried
all sorts of parcels and boxes contain
ing edibles. Music rolls, "phony" cam
eras and dress suit cases were pressed
Into service to carry the staff of life
and some hard-boiled eggs and fixings.
CLOSED
"With the passion of Jealousy burn
ing In his breast and the thought of
cowardly revenge uppermost in his
diseased mind, George Benes. a young
Swiss electrician, sought the life of his
young and pretty wife in the cellar of
the Humboldt Lodging-house, 1309
Stockton street, at 6 o'clock yesterday
morning. After firing a bullet into
the back of the woman, Benes turned
the weapon upon himself, but the
courage he was so long in summoning
failed him at the last moment and his
effort at suicide resulted in a slight
wound of the throat. The llfeblood of
the woman is slowly ebbing away at
the Harbor Hospital, and It is a mat
ter of but a short time when, the phy
sicians say, her sufferings will be re
lieved by the cold hand of death.
Behind the cowardly deed lies a tale
of a wife's long suffering and a hus
band's heartless brutality. A girl yet
In her teens, the unfortunate victim
met and fell in love with the man who
was base enough to seek her life.
They were married last January in Los
Angeles and ere the honeymoon had
waned the husband commenced to
maltreat his girl wife, forcing her to
keep him supplied with funds, which
she earned by her labors.
Many times she threatened to for
sake him. but not until two. months
ago did she carry out her Intention.
Then she left him. . He sought her out.
but she was firm in her refusal to re
turn to him and when he at last saw
that persuasion was • useless he re
solved to have her- life and then end
his own.
With his mind fully made up to
carry out his plan, Benes came to this
city from Los Angeles last Saturday
and at once sought an interview with
his wife at the Humboldt Hotel, where
she was employed as a cook. The
woman told the proprietors; of the
place how she feared the man . and
begged of .them not to - allow him to
entCr " HIDES IX BASEMENT.
He was • refused • admission to the
.hotel and left. the place at once. This
morning a • few. minutes before. 6
o'clock he stole Into the hotel and
hid in the basement till his wife ar
rived. He' boldly confronted her and
asked her to return to him. She said:
"I will have nothing more to do with
you,' and turned her back on him.
Then the enraged man pulled _ a 38
caliber pistol out. of, his pocket and
fired point blank at his wife as she was
stooping over to- pick up some vege
tables. With a groan the woman sank
to the floor, and believing that she had
breathed her last Benes • turne d the
weapon on himself. He intended *o
blow out his brains, but his courage
failed him .and the - bullet ,- passed
through the fleshy, part -of the neck,
inflicting a painful but not serious
The shots attracted ¦ the attention of
Charles Renner, one of tne proprietors
of the place, and several. of the guests.
Renner was * the first to reach the.
scene. He saw the woman lying on the
floor, bleeding from .an ugly wound in
the back. The cellar .was in "darkness
and Renner could not see Benes at first
and believed that he had escaped. But
a moment later he heard, a groan and
turning around' he ¦ discovered the wo
man's assailant lying on the floor a few
feet away. ._.-.. . • "» .-.
The police were '. hastily; summoned
and the woman was taken in an*am
bulance to the Harbor Emergency, Hos
pital. She retained her consciousness
throughout and when the -doctors ex
tracted the bullet from under! her. third
rib she showed signs. of rallying. '".The
ball had entered the back and. had pen
etrated the right lung and several ar
teries and there seems to 'be no chance
for her recovery.
The wounded . woman ¦ talked readily
and told a pitiful tale of how she had
trusted the man who " shot ¦ her down.
She was suffering great pain, yet' she
bore un ; bravely and when asked to
make a dying statement. she told the
doctors she was going to live. Finally
she. was induced to make the following
statement in the presence • of . Louis
Ward, Detective . Thomas ' Ryan, and
Charles Taylor and A. OB. -Andrew: ¦•
WOMAN MAKES STATEMENT.
"My name - Is Emma Benes. This
morning about 6 o'clock George Benes
¦hot me In the back. I went down to
F. Dwyer, L. Jordan and a fellow
workman 'fell from the staging of a
new building at Turk and Jones streets
yesterday afternoon. Dwyer and Jones
were badly cut about the head and
were taken to the Emergency Hospital.
The other workman was uninjured.
Workmen Fall From Staging.
Arthur Cotton, colored, and John
Berdette. each about 20 years of age.
were arrested at an early hour yes
terday morning by Patrolman J. E.
Reade and booked on a charge of an
attempt to commit burglary. The offi
cer vras attracted by the suspicious ac
tions of the pair while standing at the
corner of Sansome and Pacific streets.
Upon searching th.em a broken lock
and a Jimmy were found in their poe
eession. Investigation revealed the
fact that the lock had been broken off
the door of the cutlery establishment
of V. Pisa at S10 Sansome street. The
lock found on the youths was identified
by Pisa as the one with which he fas
tened his outer door.
Burglars Try to Enter Store.
Pyrography outfits and things to burn
in wood and leather. We are agents for
Wlnsor & Newton, makers of the best ar
tist materials in the world. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Mary Margaret Coleman, three years
and seven months old. daughter of Mrs.
Coleman of E24 Third street, died at
4:25 yesterday morning, and at the
mother's reauest Coroner Leland or
dered an investigation. Mrs. Coleman
informed Deputy Coroner Brown that
on November 2 sire took her little girl
to Mrs. Fisher's house, 6 Welsh street,
and while there Mary Fisher. 11 years
old, took Mary Coleman behind an easel
or a screen ar.d caused her to inhale
poisonous fumes. On the evening of
that day a few hours later the Cole
man girl was taken seriously ill and
the mother called In Dr. Dickson, whose
office is on Third street, near Bryant.
Mrf. Coleman said that Dr. Dickson
had expressed the opinion that the child
had inhaled the fumes of some poison
ous drug-. The child's condition becom
ing: worse. Dr. H. B. Kilbourn of 551.
Third street "was called in and attended
her until she died. The matter was
reported to the police and Detective Ed
ward Gibson was detailed to make an
investigation. •
Dr. Kilbourn was asked yesterday as
to his opinion concerning the cause of
the little one's death, and he expressed
the opinion positively tTiat the disease
was tubercular meningitis, "a disease
very common among children living
eouth of Market street, where the air
and ventilation are bad," he added. Dr.
Dickson, the first physician called In,
informed Deputy. Coroner McCormlck
that he had diagnosed the case as one
«'f stomach trouble, and denied emphat
ically that he had ever told the mother
that the child had been poisoned.
An autopsy performed at the Morgue
last evening by Dr. Bacigalupi showed
that death had resulted from cerebral
tubercular meningitis, which disposes
of the suspicion entertained by Mrs.
Coleman that her child had died from
the inhalation of poisonous fumes.
The detective department Is investi
gating: a daring daylight burglary that
occurred in the apartments of Miss B.
Kearns at 411 A Van Ness avenue last
Briday afternoon. The burglars en
tered the front door with the aid of a
"Jimmie" and made their escape with
Jewelry and gems valued at $600. Miss
Kearns was absent when the crime
was comitted. . « t
The building in which the burglary
occurred is a five-story apartment-,
house and there is a separate front'
entrance for each floor. The crooks
in forcing the door, took daring
chances of being discovered, as people
were passing in and out of the place
at all hours during the day. Miss
Kearns and a friend started out shop
ping early in the and did
not return until nearly 6 o'clock in
the evening. When they walked into
the place they discovered everything
in disorder. Bureau drawers had
been pulled out and their contents
searched and everything of value
taken. ; .
Two diamond rings, a pair of pearl
earrings, a pearl studded breastpin
and two Jeweled breastpins . were
among the most costly of the things
taken. Miss Kearns also lost a quan
tity of silverware, several gold rings
and a hunting-case gold watch.
The captain of detectives was Im
mediately notified and detailed two of
his men to visit the premises. After
a thorough search they are convinced
that the crime was the work of ex-
perts and that a gang of bold daylight
burglars is operating in the city. The
pawnshops are being watched for the
recovery of the stolen property.
Dootori Declare That Child Had
Died From Natural Causes
and Autopsy Supports Them
Entrance Effected With Aid
of a "Jimmie" While Vic
tim Is on a Shopping Tour
STOBX IS CONTRADICTED
JEWELRY AND GEMS TAKEN
Says That Her Daughter Was
Poisoned by Fumes of Drug
Administered by Little Girl
Bold Daylight Burglary in
Apartments of 'Miss Kearns
in the Residence Section
MOTHER TELLS
STRANGE TALE
THIEVES WORK
IN AFTERNOON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1903.
Enraged by Jealousy, George Benes Shoots
Spouse in Back and Then Tries to Blow
His Brains Out, but Bullet Goes Wide
MORTALLY WOUNDS YOUNG WIFE
THEN ATTEMPTS SELF-MURDER
More Than Two Score Eating-Houses Shut Their Doors
and Hungry Citizens Have Strenuous Times Hunting
Places Where They May Satisfy Their Appetites
FRENCH RESTAURANTS WILL CLOSE
IF THE ASSOCIATION SO REQUESTS
16
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
NICE HAIR FOR Alili.
Once Destroy the Dandruff Germ and
Hair Grows Luxuriantly.
Any one can have nice hair if he or she
has not dandruff, which causes brittle,
dry hair, falling -hair and baldness. To
cure dandruff it is necessary to kill the
germ that causes it, and that is just
what Newbro's Herpicide does. Cornelius
Grew. Coif ax. Wash., says:
•"One bottle of Newbro's Herpicide
completely cured me of dandruff, which
was yery thick; and It has stopped my
hair .from' falling out." It makes hair
soft and glossy as silk; delightful odor,
and refreshing. hair. dressing. -It permits
the hair- to grow abundantly, and kills
I the dandruff perm. Sold by .leading
druggists. Send 10c in stamps for sam-
ple i to The ' Herpicide Co., Detroit, Mich.
MABKS BROS. . ' ,
"Santa Glaus"
—WILL BE AT
MARKS BROS.
To-Day between the hours of 9 and 1 1 in the MORN-
ING and 5 and 6: in the AFTERNOON. HE WILL
GIVE EACH CHILD ACCOMPANIED BY PARENT
=A BOX OF CANDy^
"HONEST VALUES"
1220-1222-1224 MARKET ST.. Bet Taylor and Jones:
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mrs. Haskell, Worthy Vice-
Templar, Independent Order
Good Templars, of Silver Lake,
Mass., tells of her cure by the
use of Lydia E Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound.
"DeabMbs. PzzncHAJC— Four jean
ego I was nearly dead with inflamma-
tion and ulceration. I endured daily
untold agony, and life was a burden
to me. I had used medicines and
washes internally and externally until
I made up my mind that there wa» no
relief for me. Calling at the home of
a friend, I noticed a bottle of Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound. My friend endorsed it highly,
and I decided to give it a trial to see if
it would help me. It took patience
and perseverence for I was in bad con-
dition, and I used L,vdia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound for
nearly five months before I vras-cured,
buttwhat a change, from despair to
happiness, from misery to the delight-
ful exhilarating feeling health always
brings. I would not change back for
ft thousand dollars, and your Vegetable
Compound is a grand medicine.
"I wish every sick woman would
try it and be convinced.** — Mrs. Ida
HAffKEr-t., Silver Lake, Mass. Worthy
Vice Templar. Independent Order of
Good Templars.— $ $000 fwfttt tf origin
tf cteo* let Ur prowiKf ftnulntntu cuinat »• #rv-
CM*.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Pianos
Are a dominant miluence
m the Musical World. •» «•
I Their excellence has been
openly demonstrated for
over half a century. Fault-
less tone, combined with
skilful construction, makes
Vose the gauge o! piano
value. •• *• ••••••
Benj.ClirtaZ«Son
sou: Aoxarrs
16 0TABBE1L STBEET, 3. J.
1 San Joae. Fresno, Al&meda. StacWtaa. M
FROM THE U. S. LAUNDRY
Your holiday or Sunday-go-to-meeting
shirt will be one that will be satisfac-
tory in immaculate whiteness and beau-
tiful finish. We have reached the high-
est state of perfection in the art of laun-
dering fine linen, and shirts. . collars,
cuffs, etc' coming from us represent all
that is excellent In the art of fine lauiv-
dry work. . "-^
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
OFFICE 1004 UASXET STSXSV,
V Near Poweu.
fhoat Soutli 42flt