VOLUME XCIV— NO. 75.
Eighteen Hundred Insurgents Defend IQrushevo Against
Four Thousand Regulars.
TURKISH CANNON BOMBARD
A MACEDONIAN STRONGHOLD
Russian Admiral to Have Control
in Amur and Kwan Tung.
NICHOLAS APPOINTS
ALEXIEFF VICEROY
RUSSIAN OFFICER WHOM THE CZAR HAS APPOINTED VICEROY TO
RULE WITH SUPREME AUTHORITY OVER THE AMUR DISTRICT
AND THE KWANTUNG ! PROVINCE.
FAMOUS RELIGIOUS RETREAT IN MACEDONIA WHICH MAY BE
THE CENTER OF AN ATTACK BY MOSLEM FANATICS IN THE
EVENT OF A MASSACRE OF CHRISTIANS.
&ALONICA, Aug. 13. — Four thousand Turkish troops are
yJ besieging Krushcvo, and their artillery is keeping up a
ceaseless bombardment of the insurgent stronghold. The tozvn
is defended by 1800 Macedonians. Another battle is in progress
at Diavat, near Monastir. Turkey: is pouring reinforcements
into Monastir and arming the resident Mussulmans. •
Continued on Page'2, Column 3.
.Once outside the cage he secured a
poker and made_ an opening through the
brick wall. Another prisoner, soon after
ward followed him out; went to* the police
station and gave the alarm. :. Potter .'/was
being held for requisition from- North
Carolina. ' -"" ' : . ; :'
SHERIDAN, Wyo., Aug. 13.— Boone Pot
ter, the notorious desperado, wanted in
North Carolina for the murder of two
deputy sheriffs, , who was captured ten
days ago- by Marshal Crinnell, made a
sensational escape . from the Sheridan
County jail, last night. The combination
of the jail door had not been tucned, and
Potter, securing . a broom . handle and a
chair rung, tied them together -with a
handkerchief bo that the two formed a
right angle. With this instrument he suc
ceeded in throwing back the bolt to the
door.r : ; > - ' : > "
BOONE POTTER ESCAPES
V- , FROM WYOMING JAIL
M. de Wltte has triumphed not only by
securing the selection of Vice Admiral
Alexleff, who is the Emperor's personal
friend, but by. managing* to. exclude I the
action of the Cabinet; in Manchurian mat
ters in the future .by. making! the :, Viceroy
LONDON, Aug. 14.— The Daily Mail this
morning declared that the appointment of
Vice Admiral Alexieff as Viceroy of the
Amur district and Kwantung province is
most important, as it indicates the tri
umph of M. de Wltte. -the Russian
Finance Minister, and the policy, of peace
over General Kuropatkin, the Minister of
War. and that it Is. a significant step
toward the settlement of the existing dif
ferences both with China and Japan. The
Daily Mail says that there has existed for
years a sharp division In the- Cabinet
over the Far Eastern policy, and , that
General Kuropatkin and a majority of
the Ministers insisted that the actual an
nexation of Manchuria should be secured
immediately at any cost of money or
credit. On the other hand. M. de Witte
steadily opposed taking; any step -to pre
cipitate hostilities between Russia and
any other power in the East. He is con
fident that time only is needed to bring:
about all that Russia desires in Man
churia, and as Chancellor of the Ex
chequer he is anxious ,to secure . the
benefits of annexation at the least pos-
Blble cost. So sharp was the dissension
between the two parties that when Gen
eral Kuropatkin visited the Far East he
avowed his Intention not to set foot in
Manchuria, declaring that it was M. de
Wltte's affair, and not his.
TRIUMPH OF M. DE WITTE.
Peace Policy Wins Against Kuropat
kin's Aggression.
YOKOHAMA. Aug. 13.— The Japanese
Minister at Seoul on August 11 protested
to the Korean Government against tho
concersion to Russia of COO acres of land
at Yongampho, on the Korean side of the
Yalu River, urging the distance of Yon
gampho from the Russian timbering ope
rations and the irregularity of occupying
the land first and negotiating afterward.
The Minister warned Korea that such ac
tion was harmful to the Independence and
integrity of the Korean empire. v
Concession Causes Protest.
HONGKONG. Aug. 13.-The. Chinese im
perial troops have been defeated by rebels
at Hwei-Chou-Fu, in the •southern prov
ince of Kwangtung. Imperial reinforce
ments, consisting of % 3000 German-drilled
troops, have arrived at Canton.
Three Thousand German-Drilled Sol
diers Sent as Reinforcements.
IMPERIAL TROOPS DEFEATED.
: He "concluded by saying that the com
mittee lived in daily hope that the powers
would : realize the Justice of their cause
and Intervene. He said the friends of tho
cause looked chiefly toward England, as
the pioneer of liberty, to assist them.
Tscheneff, president of the Macedonian
committee, and his friend, Colonel Yan
koff, both of whom are ex-officers In th«s
Bulgarian army, have been arrested by.<
Bulgarian police near the Macedonian
frontier, under the suspicion that they
"By the plentiful employment of money
insurgent bands have been enabled to
smuggle any quantity of guns across the
frontier, ajid the highest Turkish officials
have readily accepted Insurgent gold."
donian leaders exprea* themselves aa
greatly disappointed, with what they as
sert is the distinctly hostile attitude of
America toward their cause, as manifest
ed in the utterances of the press. Dr.
Christo Tartarcheff. one of the presidents
of the Central International Macedonian
Committee, said to-day that his party was
convinced that American newspapers had
.been bought with Turkish, gold.
"There seems to be no other .explana
tion of the tone of. their articles." he said.
"They are not only unsympathetic toward
the movement, but decidedly Inimical to
It. -It is impossible that such an attitude
could arise from ignorance of the trua
state of, affairs- In a country so intelligent
as America, and it Is also, difficult to be
lieve that the Impression created bj- the
Miss Stone affair could have so preju
diced the -American press.
1 "In. regard, to the present situation, only
real intervention by the powers catj, stop
the fighting of th$ insurgents. Falling in
such intervention, the campaign will be
prosecuted to the bitter end. The band
now fighting in the vilayet of Monastir
consists of 9000 to 10.000 men, mostly youns
and erthusiastlc and trained in the use of
arms. Their number could be quadrupled'
were It not that the difficulty of feeding
such an army renders its Increase inad
visable. The Turkish ''troops are badly
clothed and demoralized. They have re
peatedly refused to march against the in
surgents, who are well supplied with
arms and ammunition, chiefly purchased
from Turkish soldiers, who sold their guns
for cash almost within sight of the bar
racks of Monastir.
WINFIELD. Kans., Aug. 13.— At 9
o'clock to-night, whjle Camen's band was
playing its weekly concert on Main street
to. a crowd of 5000 people. Gilbert Twlgg,
a crazy man 60 years of age, opened fire
on the crowd with a double. barreled shot
gun loaded with heavy bullets. As' a re
sult four are now dead, three are dying
and no less .than twenty injured, perhaps
live or sixfatally. The dead:
RACE, a carpenter.
DAWSON TIMOTSON, a barber, whose
brains were' blown out. •
B. G. BOWMAN, a carpenter of Oxford,
Kans.
GILBERT TWIGG. the man who did
the shooting, killed- by Officer Nichols.
The known injured: ¦< Mrs. John Ballard.
shot in the neck: 1 James Clarkson, shot
in back and arm; R. E. Oliver, shot in
shoulder and back: Clyde Reed, shot in
hips; J. B. Storey, shot in .chest and
knee; William Wilkins, shot in knee;
Charles Thomas.' shot In knee; Charles
Baird, shot In arm; Port Smith, shot in
head; W. E. Farnsworth, sriot In bowels;
Otis Carter, shot in head; Arthur Hans
ford; William Conchman, William Moore.
Arley Bourdette, Elmer Davis, Claude
Wagoner. Samuel Compton, Ben Ridge
way, also" badly injured.
The band had just finished playing a
waltz, when Twigg stepped out from an
alley a half block distant deliber
ately taking ainp at the bandstand fired
two shots. Oliver, the baridman, fell at
the first shot, but the crowd, not realiz
ing what had happened, rushed toward
the killer, believing that there had been
an accidental shooting of some kind."" As
the. crowd closed In the crazy man dis
charged two more "shots at them, caus
ing a .scatterment in - every direction.
With the crowd fleeing, the man stood
in a. demoniacal attitude, firing at .ran
dom in every direction. Men -and" women
howled and shrieked and' ran| ' but '/no
one seemed able to stop'the'f rightful
carnage until Officer George Nichols con
fronted him ano^flred ahullet into his
head. But before life .was- extinct -the
demented man. drew a revolver from his
pocket and fired a shot into his own body.
The dead and dying were by this -time
scattered all over the street and fright
ened'people, not knowing where the shoot-
Ing was coming from, sought safety "In
every quarter. It was fully half an hour
before they realized what had happened
and recovered sufficiently; to take care
of the Injured. - »
Gilbert Twigg was a miller by trade.
The boys around town commonly refer
! red to him as "Crazy" Twigg, but no
one thought he w^s dangerous. A few
years ago he- went to' New Mexico, re
turning in, time to enlist as, a soldier In
.the Philippines.. _ ' - ' .. " ¦
! y ONDO.N'.'Aug. 14.— The Daily Mail
- W 'prints a Belgrade dispatch which
'M ; says that the Turkish troops de-
Mm^ stroyed the village of Leskovatz
and fourteen other places in the
district of Uskub, and that the insur
gents have burned the villages of Nako-
Icts.and Krani. inhabited by Albanians,
and the Turkish village of Kashani. It
is 6tatcd that when the insurgents cap
tured the Turkish mail a few days ago
they carried off £125,000.
SALONICA, Aug. 13.— Information from
Monastir is Jo the effect'that the insur
gents have occupied Kllsura'and Pissorde,
and that the Albanian rebels-have been
disastrously defeated in the Dobyrsko re
gion. A Turkish post near SorovltclThaa
been robbed.
It is reported that Bulgarian insurgents
have massacred v the Inhabitants , o£ the
large Turkish .village of Konaitl, near
Monastir. Only twenty escaped.
. The civil and - military authorities at
Salonica wired to Constantinople on Au
gust 11. stating that a general insurrec
tion was expected for August 14, and dis
claiming all responsibility unless they
were reinforced. Constantinople replied,
ordering the enrollment Immediately of
2000 exclusively Mussulman gendarmes
for service in Salonica.
.The. insurgent banner was unfurled on
August 10 at Knosko. near Glergvell,
showing that the Insurrection Is spread-
Ing eastward.
According to the latest advices from
Monastir, dated August 10, the Bulgarians
are elated at - the death of • the Russian
Consul.'
.Trustworthy Information . from CheganI,
in the district of Fiorina, says the Turks
have decided to murder the Austrian Con
sul.- -/
Great anxiety prevails at Monastir. ow
ing to the threatening attitude of the
Turkish soldiers. It is said that- the
French and Italian Consuls are in dan
ger.'^ - ¦. ¦ V.. \ ¦ .; .
Fighting is proceeding at Chernareka,
near Gurnenje, M<> . which place reinforce
ments been sent. A . great move
ment "of; troops .is proceeding to Mltro
vltza, Salohica and Sorovltch.
SOFIAJ ~ Bulgaria, Aug. ' 13.— The r Mace-
WANT AMERICAN SYMPATHY.
MEXICO BUYS STOCK
/ V OF RAILWAY .COMPANY
AUSTIN, Tex., Aug. 13.— It ; is reported
In" high financial circles of ; Mexico: that
the Mexican Government has ¦, Just pur
chased 100,000 shares of stock of the Mex
ican Central- Railway Company.
n The' purchase is said'to have been made
through the firm of Speyer &: Co.; of . New-
York. This .will give the Mexican Govern
ment a '.voice 'in\ the 1 management' of < the
property and is an important' step In Its
plan \ of -acquiring " control ; of all the " rail
roads in' Mexico. , , . - . • • ."'¦'. .'.
The British Government is aware of the
uka?e and has taken no action, nor is it
expected to do so.
LONDON. Aug. 13.— The Associated
Press correspondent learns on high Rus
sian authority that tho establishment of
a viceroyalty for the Amur district and
Kwangtung province will not affect the
evacuation of Manchuria in October. For
some time Russian has been considering
the advisability of placing the control of
all her Far Eastern territory and Manchu
ria under one head, instead of three, as
at present. As long" as the Russian occu
pation of Manchuria shall last Viceroy
Alexicff will be in charge and will com
mand the troops in that region, but when
the evacuation shall occur he will simply
have control of the Port Arthur and Ta
lien Wan zone, through which the rail
road runs, in addition to the possessions
which are indubitably Russian.
NO PROTEST CONTEMPLATED.
Evacuation of Manchuria Will Not
Be Affected by Ukase.
The Daily Mail prints a dispatch from
Tokio which, says the Japanese Minister
to Russia had an audience with the Czar
on ¦ Wednesday • with reference to Man
churia.
solely responsible to the Czar and himself.
General Kuropatkin's present policy there
fore will be abandoned, and M. de Wltte
will have a free" hand in dealing .with the
Manchurla*i question.
established. Heretofore the Amur
district has been controlled by a Governor
General.
Articles signed by the Czar and promul
gated August ' 12 appoint Vice Admiral
Alexleff, aide-de-camp general to the
Czar, as Viceroy of this. Far Eastern ter
ritory. He will be vested with supreme
authority in all the branches of the civil
administration, the direction of which will
no longer be in the hands of the Minis
try. It will be the Viceroy's duty to
maintain order and insure safety in the
district traversed by tho Eastern Chinese
Railway, as well as to watch over the
needs of the Russian Inhabitants,, both
within and without the Russian posses
sions bordering on the territory under his
jurisdiction.
Diplomatic negotiations with neighbor
ing states regarding the affairs of this
territory will be in the hands of the Vice
roy, who will also be intrusted with the
command of the Russian fleet in the Pa
cific and all the troops in the new vice
royalty. Until a law embodying the <lu
ties of the Viceroy is issued the regula
tions drawn up in 1545 for the administra
tion of the Far Eastern country and Cau
casian territory will remain in force.
A special committee, presided over by
the Czar, will see that the actions of the
Viceroy are in harmony with the general
policy of the Russian Ministries. Viceroy
Alexleff has been Instructed to submit to
the Czar for his approval proposals', for
the administration of the territory over
which he is about to assume Jurisdiction.
PETERSBURG, Aug. 13.— A new
I viceroyalty comprising the Amur
¦ district and Kwantung province
created In August. 1S09) has been
Four Dep, Three
Dying, Twenty
Wounded
INSANE MAN
FIRES A GUN
INTO CROWD
0UT1AWS WELL ARMED.
Ij. it, tiii general belief here that the
men will #ow break up and take what
hirfces the} need, as the section Is full of
th'm. The mountains around them are
filled withjeampers and It would be an
easy mattej for them to pass through the
valley in tie night time, which Is only a
4tw miles from the Southern Pacific.
Around L*:e Tahoe the same condition
exists.. It • 5 only a day's walk to the
Tallac cou try and from there to the
other^ point are easy Journeys. Terrell
Elates that :he men are well armed and
are in a laj i of plenty, as sheep camps
and cattle c mps are to be found on every
hand.* Ther teems to be no movement in
this section to aid In the capture of the
tecapes.
"They never left the road and cooked
¦ad sitpt in the road. The dogs carried
me through the brush and were hot on the
trail and had the posses stayed with the
animals there is no question that the
men would have been run to cover. After
Iravir.g the. posse I took the trail that
the hounds followed. They carried me
l>agt Kirkwoods and when there two of
Tlie original posse and myself found a
carcpf.re left by the convicts that was
Etffl rrtxkir.g and the hounds were fairly
uild to follow. He-re the two men desert
ed me and I came on alone.
"When I arrived at Ruffner's, a place
between Round -Top Mountain and Hope
Valley yesterday I" found the family ter
rified inside the house with most of their
clothes takea. Th.e house had been
cleaned out of grub of every description.
The people told me that the five con
victs had left about forty minutes ahead
cf me. The toM the Ruffners that on a
number of occasions the posse had been
within shooting distance. They said that
the day that we were at Kirkwoods and
] was ahead they had a bead on me and
only refrained from firing when the rest
<jf the posse came in tight. In speaking
of tjie hardships the convicts complained
to the Ruffnc-rs that the hounds had
caused them most of the worry, as they
had kept them moving most of the time.
They also complained of being exceeding
ly tired and exhausted.
HOT GIVEN ASSISTANCE.
One of the men was almost Fhoeleps and
had a piece of rope wound round his shoe
to keeji his foot from injury on the rocks.
The men that did the robbing at the Ruff
ncr place arc Heron, Woods, Murphy, Fa
bey and EldriSge, and as Fahey knows
the country he is probably the successful
pilot that carried them through the wil
derness. As near as I can now locate the
men would be in Upper Hope Valley or
near Round Top with all kinds of hiding
places. As soon as I located the vnr-n I
came to Wo/wJ fords, where I telephoned
to Markleevllle and the surrounding coun
try for help. Aa no one cam* to my aid
and it was a useless fight alone I con
c'uded to. come home with the dogs. I
am going back to Reno on this train and
if California wants the dogs or my ser
vices in the future she will have to fur
nish men that will stay when the finish
comes."
; The country that the men are now in
is one- of the roughest in the Sierra Ne
vadas and while it is extremely rough a
hundred eEcipes are open to the convicts.
Twenty-five miles to the north lies Lake
Valley, *hich leads to Lake Tahoe, to
the southwest is the Inyo and Mono
County trails, while to the extreme north
is Carscn '.Valley, which is a broad outlet
for the eitire country that leads to the
railroads. ]
ABANDON A HOT TRAIL.
"I know where the escapes are, or at
least five of them. They are between
Round Top and Hope Valley. I was with
in forty minutes of them. Wednesday and
if the California posses had not deserted
when wanted the men could easily have
been captured. When we got to Klrk
woodp the California posse left me. They
had enough of the country and from that
point on t.'-t roads rens such that, tins
posses could not ride.
CARSON*. Nev.. Aug. 13.— Officer C. P.
Ferrell of Reno, who has been on the
trail of the escaped Folsom. prisoners for
ihe last two weeks with the bloodhounds
from the Nevada penitentiary, arrived in
this city late this afternoon on the stage
from Woodfords, where he spent Wednes
day waiting for assistance from other
posses or officers of the State. None ar
rived and he packed the bloodhounds into
ihe> stage coach and came into this city,
where he left the hounds at the peni
tentiary.
Ferrell is worn out with the chase, but
has bad the satisfaction of locating the
five escapes and yesterday was within
forty minutes of a place they had robbed.
Ferrell carce from Kirkwoods alone and
r.as without assistance. He had to chain
the bloodhounds to himself to prevent
them tailing up the trail and dragging
him into the very midst of the desperate
men. f
In speaking of the late developments
l-'errell eaid:
Tl»en he drew- the, woman apart . and
conversed with her in low tones for some
time. -At ;Jast ' she departed.' r She ; was hot
eeeriabout the theater thereafter. , Of her
identity, no information was volunteered
by Barlow. ' '. ., ¦.
' On July) 13 j. Barlow, and his wife .from
Charleston, . Mo., broke up housekeeping/
"Reggie, jdon't, you know your wife?"
Fhesaid appealingly, stretching her hands
toward the actor.
- Barlow was startled.
"Good God! where did you come from?"
he ejaculated,! ignoring the visitor's loving
gesture. - ....
In spite of the fact that Barlow, was in
his make-up, recognition 'on, the part of
the woman was instant.
Who the woman was no one but Barlow
knew. For all that the others knew
they appeared "out of blue," just as Bar
low himself had, some two years previous
ly. But as to: who she claimed to t>e,
there was no doubt left of that three min
utes after she had gained admittance to
the greenroorn of the theater one day dur
ing an afternoon performance and accost
ed Barlow as, he hurried to his dressing
room. ¦" % »
Perhaps the faith of the little woman
would have . been staggered if she had
known of a scen^e that one other woman
In particular created, behind the theajter
Fix months after her marriage to Barlow.
Only a few persons witnessed this, but
they are unanimoits in saying that for a
married man Barlow appeared to poor
advantage'.
ANOTHER, ALLEGED WIFE.
Then domestic life began to pall upon
Barlow. Stories were told of divers af
fairs of the heart in which he figured
with other woman, for the moat part pa
trons of the theater. Such stories did not
disturb Mrs. J3arlow from Charleston.
Mo. When repeated to her by neighbors'
gossip she was wont to say, calmly, that
she knew other women admired her hus
band—indeed, it was not to be wondered
at; but that her husband should deign. to
care for other women was a very foolish
notion and; nobody . could make her be
lieve it.
Barlow and his bride went to housekeep
ing at 212 Leavitt street. Their honey
moon was very happy. < Barlow appeared
to have sincere affection for his wife and
the little country bride was completely
enamored of her good-looking actor hus
band.
Barlow, then, was indeed married. A
year or so before, then a member of the
Hosmer Company, he had spent a vaca
tion of a 'week or so in Charleston, Mo.,
returning to Chicago with a pretty little
country girl, whom he introduced as his
bride. They had been married at Charles
ton after a courtship as brief and roman
tic as that which, it seems, has just cul
minated in his 'marriage to Miss Merkel
of Milwaukee.
"Ladies and gentlemen," said Miss Hos
mcr, "I take great, pleasure in announc
ing that we have just had an addition to
our company. Reginald Barlow and his
wife are now the parents of a sweet little
girl baby. I wish to propose three cheers
for Mr. and Mrs. Barlow."
The cheers. were given with a will and
were followed by repeated calls for Bar
low and the baby. Barlow responded,
thanking his many friends in the audience
for the good will shown himself and fam
ily and expressing regret that It would be
necessary to delay the baby's first ap
pearance.
ACTOR BARXOW A FATHER.
CHICAGO, Aug. 13.— Three women claim
Reginald Barlow, the Chicago matineo
Idol, as husband. One is Miss Bertha
Merkel, a wealthy society glr^ of Mil
waukee, Wis., to whom dispatches from
Milwaukee say Barlow has just been mar
ried in Los Angeles after a romantic
courtship aboard a train. Another is the
daughter of a farmer, and the third—no
body knows but Barlow... .
The news that Reginald Barlow, late of
Millie Janies' "Little Princess" company
aO Powers' Theater, had married Miss
Bertha Merkel, a society girl of Milwau
kee, in Los Angeles came to Chicago to
day—a crushing blow, no doubt, to the
devotees of the handsome young matinee
idol. Greater grief, however, is in store
for three women, who now— each .without
the others' knowledge— claim Barlow aa
husband.
That Barlow has thus committed big
amy by marrying Miss Merkel does not
admit, of a "doubt in the minds pf those
who knew him personally during his two
years' residence in Chicago. Indeed, that
he had once before committed the same
offense, though this is less capable of
pr.oof, is equally certain, according to the
came acquaintances.
LaBt February Barlow figured in an im
portant announcement made from the
stage of the People's Institute.-afHarri
sbn^aiid Leavltt sir«?ti."i by^May,; Hosmer,
leaclTng •la^ J1 of*~th?* .repettoU'a.". company!
playing at that theater. Barlow was then
stage manager of the company and enact
ed roles of considerable importance../"
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Says He Could Have Cap
tured Outlaws if Given
Any Assistance.
Milwaukee Heiress Wooed
and Won on a Train
Has Rivals.
Accuses Man- Hunters
t of Showing White
Feather.
Romantic Los Angeles
Wedding- Uncovers /
Scandal.
Returns to Carson
WitiLthe Blood
hounds.
"Reggie" Barlow's
Marriages Are
Numerous.
FERRELL
GIVES UP
THE CHASE
THREE CLAIM
THIS ACTOR
AS HUSBAND
Continued on Page 2. . Column 4, •
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, 14, 1903.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco CallCHARMING SACRAMENTO SO
CIETY GIRL WHOSE EN
GAGEMENT IS ANNOUNCED.
,r .We are headquarters for souvenir postal
cards, view books, maps.' orange and red
wood panels and kelp novelties, etc. San
horn. VaJl & Co.. 711 MaJ-Jtat fttroAl. •
Souvenirs: of "California.
TACOMA. Aug. 13.— Thereare many en
tries for the annual tennis tournament 'of
the Pacific Northwest,: which opened 'In
Tacoma to-day, but a shower- last night
wet the courts so that playing could not
begin until late and several prominent
players defaulted.
Rain Spoils Tennis Tournament.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 13.— The third day
6t | the session of the Great Council of
the Improved Order ; of : 1 Red Men was
marked by the passing . of ; an amendment
to the constitution which : disqualifies all
past sachems from voting . for great I offi
cers unless they be regularly elected rep
resentatives.- | Another g amendment was
passed which' cuts down the. number of
representatives to which each tribe will
v»a entitled: -> 7
Red Men Still in Great' Council.
LOS ANGELES, Aflgr. 13.—Louls G.
.McCracken, a miner who came here from
Harrieburg, Ariz., for his j health; com
mitted suicide to-night, by taking mor
phine.. Despondency, over his helpless con
dition was the cause for his self-deatruc
tion. ' ' . '.'.;.
Despondent Miner Commits Suicide.
ASTORIA. Or., Aug. 13.— Instructions
have been received by the commandants
at Forts Canby, Stevens* and Columbia,
located at the mouth of the Columbia
River, to keep a sharp lookout for the
appearance of the North Pacific squadron,
under command of Rear Admiral Casey
on his flagship New York, which it is
thought Is maneuvering off the .mouth of
the river with the Intention of-»runnlng
the forts there if possible.
"Watching for the Pacific Squadron.
VANCOUVER; B.C.; Aug. 13.— A spe
cial from White Horse says: The rush
to the. new diggings 170 miles northwest
of White Horse still continues. Three
hundred '.. claims have been located and
new creeks are being prospected dally.
Inspector J. L. Richards of the North
west Mounted Police says that; surface
dirt Is paying from 2 to 5 cents per pan.
Big Rush to the New Diggings.
SEATTLE. Aug. 13.— A. Claudius. " a
steerage passenger on the San Francisco
"Beattle steamer Umatilla was found dead
In his berth this morning by one of the
steerage stewards. He had committed
suicide by cutting his throat from ear to
ear with a small penknife. In his ef
forts to end his existence he nearly cut
off his . head. Papers found . among hU
effects showed that he hadMIved at 467»,i
Twelfth street, Oakland. Cal. '
Suicide of an Oakland Man.
Sisters Are Drowned in a Slough.
SEATTLE, Aug. 13.— Hope and Eunice
Faulds, 14 and * IS ' years of age, respec
tively, daughters of Postmaster Faulds
of Redmond, were drowned in Sammlsh
Slough yesterday afternoon.' The ' girls,
with a cousin, were wading In the waters
of the slough when Eunice slipped into a
deep hole. The other two started to her
rescue, and the two sisters sank Into. the
deep water locked in each: other's arms.
The cousin managed to escape. The bodies
were recovered.'
ONEONTA. N. Y;. Aug. 13.— Mr»». Eliza
beth A; Purdy, a sister of the late Col Us
P. Huntlngton, died at her home here to-
Huntington's Sister Dies.
ROME, Aug. 13. — The Pope was quite
well to-day. He took a long drive and
walk in the Vatican gardens and then
received the Austrian Embassador, who
presented his 'credentials.
Monseigneur Cagiano. ~ie majordomo,
accompanied by Cardinals Rampolla and
Mocenni. opened the apartment of Pope
Leo this morning, breaking the seals
put on at the time of the Pontiff's
death. They found a considerable
amount of money — it is stated several
millions of francs — besides other val
uables. Cardinal Cretoni, prefect of the
Congregation of Sacred Rites, was not
present, having left Rome on account
of illness. ::y .
Pope Pius was again photographed to
day in the garden. ¦ He afterward . re
ceived Cardinal Satolli. who proposed
the appointment of Father Edward Fow
ler, secretary to Rev. j. J. . Harty, as a
domestic prelate to the Pontiff, which
post carries with it the title of mon
signor. The Pope granted the request,
and a brief of appointment was issued
immediately.
Cardinal Gibbons will come to Rome
on Friday to- assist at the consecration
on Saturday, of Rev. j J. J. Harty as
Archbishop of Manila. The new Arch
blshop : will leavo Rome on Monday
night. ¦, '. . . ¦ V ; -v. ;
SEATTLE, Aug. 13.— Immigration and
customs officers to-night raided a house
In North Seattle and • captured Moy Sam
and five alien Chinese who had just a few
hours before been landed by a smuggler's
sloop, which brought' them from Victoria.
In the capture of Moy Sam the. officers
have secured an alleged contraband
smuggler they have been after "for the
last eight years. Several times he has
been arrested, but has always managed
to get off without punishment.
Customs Officers Make Big Capture.
As a result of two daye* investigation
by four detectives, the police department
announced to-night that in their opinion
the woman was not murdered;. They say
they are satisfied the woman took poison
and that fhe was In a dying condition
when taken to -the hospital. They think
her ribs were broken at the hospital,
while the attendants were trying to re
store respiration by artificial means. In
support of this theory they point out that
hadjthe woman's ribs been broken before
she reached the .hospital she could not
hav* survived t.he treatment she under
went for five hours. Webber has been re
leased and so far as the police are con
cerned the case is closed. ': '¦¦ ' '
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 13.— The mystery
surrounding the death of Mrs. Jessie Bai
ley probably will never be fully cleared.
The Coroner's Investigation threw little
light upon the strange case, and at the In
quest to-day a verdict of death from
causes unknown was returned.
The woman was found In her room
seemingly suffering from morphine poi
soning and taken to the General Emer
gency Hospital, a private institution,
wherCshe died five hours later. The hos
pital physicians were willing to sign a
death certificate showing she had died
from morphfne poisoning, but the Coro
ner's autopsy showed that three of the
woman's ribs had been broken. Autopsy
Surgeon Campbell declared positively that
death had been caused by a blow over the
heart. Then the detectives took Into cus
tody C. S. Webber, who had been very
friendly with the woman for two years.
It was ascertained that they had quar
reled and he Is the person who found her
unconscious In her room. '
Special Dispatch to The Call
t LONDON. Aug. 13.— The House of Lords
•to-«iay. agreed to tljc Irish land bill In
ih*> form finally approved by the House of
J omuions. The latter house yesterday ac
,tcr>u-<? all the amendments eave two un
tapefimni ones added to the bill by the
Lrtr<}<-. The measuie now awaits the royal
•.ttenf 'o become law.
IRISH LAND PURCHASE
BILL IS AGREED TO
Measur* Now Awaits Only the
Royal Assent to Be
come Law.
ATHENS, Greece, Aug. io.— The Mace
donians In Greece petitioned Premier
J5alll for permission to cross the frontier
With arms in order to join their country
men. The Premier refused to grant the
request and advised them to remain quiet.
. Reports received from various portions
of Macedonia are of » very disquieting
nature. They say that the outbreaks are
steadily increasing and are now progress
ing from Monastir and toward Salonica.
Numbers of 'new adherents are daily
joining the insurgent bands. Krushevo
is In the hands of the insurgents, who
have also captured Klisura, the chief
town in the sanjak of Nahis, vilayet of
Monastir.
INSURGENT RANKS GROWING.
Numbers of Recruits Are Constantly
Taking the Field.
Claim That Mrs. Jessie
Bailey Died by Her
Own Hand.
Break Seals Put on at
Time/ of Late Pon
tiffs Death. ,
. LONDON. Aug. 13.— Dr. \V. S. Playfair.
the noted specialist in women's diseases
¦end authority on obstetric medicine, died
at St. Andrews, Scotland, to-day.
He was the defendant in a slander suit
which created some stir several years
ago. whfa he was mulcted in $60,000 dam
8?rs. The plaintiff, named Kitson. was
.the brother-in-law of Dr. Playfair, who
>as adjudged to have elandercd the plain
tiff's wife.
FAMOUS SPECIALIST
DIES AT ST. ANDREWS
Dr. W. S. Playfair, Becently the De
fendant in a Slander Suit,
Passes Away.
Muriel DoTrie was also an extensive
traveler and is the author of several
books concerning her experiences. ""
Lieutenant Fitzgerald was born in Con
recticut, being the 6on of a British sub
ject, who married the daughter of Eli
¦White of New York. He grained a repu
tation by climbing "the Aipa from end to
rnd" and by discovering the "Fitzgerald
Pass" in the New Zealand Alps. In 1S92
he married a daughter of Baron de Roth
ercob. She died the following year. He
juried the Imperial Yeomanry in 1900.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Aug. 13.— All Riza
Pasha has been dismissed from his post
as Vali of Monastir and has been exiled
to Tripoli.
The pourparlers at the Tlldiz Kiosk,
with M. Zinovieff, the Russian Embas
sador. relative to the murder of the Rus
sian Consul at Monastir continue. The
Turks apparently desire to avoid the ex
ecution of the murderer, the 1 gendarme
named Halim, while the Russians insist
that such shall be the penalty Inflicted.
The Russian embassy also considers that
the Indemnity of $40,000 offered to the
widow is insufficient.
In diplomatic circles grave concern is
shown at the news from Macedonia,
where the whole population seems to be
becoming involved, even the women par
ticipating in the fights against the Turk
ish troop3. It is realized that even with
the best Intentions the Bulgarian Gov
ernment will have difficulty in stemming
a popular outbreak In Bulgaria in the
event of the continuance of the move
ment in Macedonia.
Russian Consul's Slayer.
Sultan Would Avoid Execution of
SEEKS TO SHIELD ASSASSIN.
were on their way to join the revolution
ists.
The report that the revolution had bro
ken out in the vilayet of Adrianople was
'incorrect. Complete tranquillity reigns
everywhere in Bulgaria.
PARIS Auk. 13. — An imposlne public fun
eral was held to-day of nineteen victims of
the tunnel catastrophe. Premier Combes de
livered a short address, in which he promised
measures of relief for the famllie* of the
victims.
The overthrow of the labor union politicians.
Read the Wasi>. *
Barlow is a son of the famous oldtime
minstrel man, Milt G* Barlow, and is 33
years of age.
Miss Merkel's father is largely inter
ested In the vast lumber business of
the north, and she herself Is a wealthy
woman. ,
Barlow came West as a favor to Gllling
water, and on a Pullman car from Chi
cago was by chance thrown Into contact
with the Milwaukee , heiress and her
mother, who were going to SAn Francisco.
Barlow and Miss Merkel fell madly • in
love with each other, and In San Fran
cisco Miss Merkel, with the consent of
her mother, arranged for a secret wed
ding here. They came Immediately and
GUlingwater was hustled out of bed early
in the morning to stand up with the
couple.
After the marriage Mrs. Barlow noticed
a peculiar ornament of heavy silver that
her husband wore on his watch fob. And
then he casually explained, In an off
hand manner, that It was a "Victoria
medal" pinned on his breast by the Queen
herself. To this medal are pendant three
silver bars bearing the words, "Johannes
burg," "Orange Free State" and "Cape
Colony." For signal heroism at each of
these places -mentioned, declared Barlow,
he stood before all London while with a
few simple words of praise the Queen
pinned the coveted decoration on his coat.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 13.— While en
route to this city last week with the Gll
lingwater • company, which appeared in
the Orpheum, Reginald Barlow casually
met on the train Miss Bertha Merkel, the
daughter of a Milwaukee capitalist. His
wooing was rapid, and the couple were
married last Thursday morning at St.
Joseph's Church, the Rev. Father Victor
officiating. V
Barlow's Brief Courtship of Beautiful
Miss Merkel.
PULLMAN CAB ROMANCE.
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
HENEY NOBMAN'S FOBMEB
WIFE WEDS LIEUTENANT
Becomes the Wife of Edward Fitzger
ald of the Fifth Dragoon
Guards.
LONDON. Aug. 13.— Edward Arthur
Fitzgerald, a lieutenant of the Fifth Dra
poon Guards, to-day married Muriel
Dowie, the divorced wife of Henry Nor
man, the author and traveler, who is now
a member of Parliament from South
Wolverha.mpton. The marriage occurred
before a registrar at Hamnstead.
CARDINALS OPEN
LEO'S APARTMENT
THE engagement of Miss Etta
Marks, one of Sacramento's soci
ety favorites, and Samuel T.
Breyer, a prominent young busi
ness man of this city, has been
made public.
The announcement was made at the
home of Mrs. A^nle Marks, at 1315 O'Far
rell street, in this city. It will come as a
great surprise to the many friends of
Miss Marks in the capital city when they
learn that she has become the fiancee of
Mr. Breyer.
Miss Etta Marks Is the daughter of the
late H. Marks, one of Sacramento's most
prominent merchants and a pioneer of
that section. She is a» native daughter
and a highly accomplished and beautiful
brunette.
Mr. Breyer is the son of Mr. and Mrs.
Joseph L. Breyer of this city. For a num
ber of years he was associated with a
large mercantile house here. Recently
he established himself as a representative
of Eastern manufacturers. No definite
date has been set for the wedding.
• • • •
Another interesting engagement just
announced Is that of Miss Hazel Mayd
well and Dr. E. Weldon Young of Seattle.
Mrs. C. E. Maydwell, mother of the
bride-elect, made the announcement at
an Informal tea given at her home on
Jones street on Wednesday afternoon.
Miss Maydwell is an attractive blonde
with charming personality. She has many
friends In the young set.
Those who assisted in receiving: were:.
Miss Paula Wolff, Miss Chlapa Sanborn,
Miss Jean Oliver, Miss Martha Spencer
and Miss Alice May.
• • *
Miss Jean Rodgers Nokes is about to
visit Major and Mrs. Murphy,' parents of
her fiance. In Portland, Oregon. Lieu
tenant Murphy Is also there.
• • •
Mrs. Lawrence Poole is expected to re
turn from Tahoe at the end of the present
month.
• * •
Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence Irving Scott are
spending a few days at Nippon Maru.-
• • • -- '
Miss Marion Holden will give a tea- at
her studio from* 3 to 6 on August 15 .to
show the decorations she has completed
for the Oakland Public " Library. . The
painting to be placed at the turn of the
large staircase will be presented by Mrs.
Hearst.
POLICE ADVANCE
SUICIDE THEORY
Besides all these illustrious concert and
stage celebrities. Greenbaum has ar
ranged to present to San Francisco a se
ries of "Sunday pops" after the fashion
of London's "pops." The best works in
ensemble music both for instrument and
voice will be rendered by different organ
izations, assisted by soloists of repute.
Oscar Weil will have the musical direc
tion of the "pops."
The prices are to be very low, as it is
desired Jhat one of the objects of the
concerts shall be educational.
This last iiamed attraction end artists
will . be heard at_ Manager Greenbaom's
larger house, ttie~Alhambraj where th'ey
will be followed by Ellery's Royal Italian
band, and Eugene Oumrof. the Bohemian
basso, Mme. Schumann-Helnk, Harold
Bauer and others equally famous In the
artistic world. Burton Holmes is again
to give a series of illustrated travel lec
tures. ¦
Greenbaum has also secured many other
attractions, among- them being the young
planlste, Augusta Cottlow, whb, since
her appearance here as a child artist, has
taken rank among the first piano soloists}
the complete Metropolitan Opera-house
orchestra, under the direction of J. S.
Dues; Mme. Nordica, Mme. Katharine
Fiske, the contralto, and Nathan Franko.
the violin soloist, who officiated as con
cert master with the Maurice Grau com
pany. J2 \ , J
The opening attraction selected Is the
play "Everyman," under the management
of Charles Frohman, and produced with
the original Lcndon company under the
personal direction cf Ben Greet.
The first performance Is to be under
ti.e auspices of the Channing Auxiliary.
The architect In designing the decora
tion of the main hall adopted the Spanish
antique leather effect, while the celling
and frieze will be raised fresco work.
The woodwork is to be of Flemish oak
throughout the lobby and foyer and the
floors will be constructed of inlaid tiling
and hardwood. Gold will be the predom
inating color of the foyer and the carpet
Is to be a rich red velvet.
Manager Will Greenbaum has leased
the hall, which Is In proximity to Mar
ket street and all car lines. It 'will be
known as Lyric Hall. • .
WORKMEN have been busy for
the last three . months trans
forming the old B'nal B'rith
Hall on Eddy street Into' a
concert hall, which will, it is
anticipated, equal any place of entertain
ment of Its kind In the West.
Sacramento Belle Will
Marry a Prominent
Business Man.
Manager W. Green baum
Makes Important
Engagements.
MILWAUKEE, Wis.. Aug. 13.— Mrs.
Bertha Barlow, the Milwaukee girl who
married Reginald Barlow, son of the fam
ous old minstrel man. immediately after
an acquaintance made on a transconti
nental train. Is well known here. She Is
the daughter of wealthy George Merkel
of the Merkel Manufacturing Company.
Merkel Is In Florida, but his wife and
daughter. Bertha, left Milwaukee for the
Pacific Coast about July 4. Another
brother, Joseph F. Merkel, resides In this
city.
The report that Miss Merkel married a
bigamist cannot be confirmed here, as her
mother la now at Mount Clemens, having
left California for that place immediate
ly after the marriage ot Miss Bertha. A
sister of Mrs. Barlow— Mrs. J. H. "Griffin,
wife of ap agent of the Canadian Pacific
Railroad, with headquarters here— said to
night that she. received; only .«. short note
telling of the marriage of Bertha, and she
knew nothing whatever of the character
of the man her sister had married. She
was greatly surprised at the report.
Mrs. Barlow No. 3 Comes of Prom
inent Family.
IS A MILWAUKEE HEIRESS.
Barlow left for Los Angeles with .a
vaudeville company, with which he ha«l
been playing for a week or so In Chicago
after having concluded an engagement
with "The Little Princess" company at
Powers'. His wife and -baby left for
Charleston to visit the woman's parents.
Barlow told his friends he expected to
rejoin his wife as soon as he had con
cluded an engagement In California.
Now from Milwaukee comes the report
of Barlow's marriage to Miss , Bertha
Merkel, daughter of wealthy George
Merkel of the Merkel Manufacturing
Company of that city.
PROMINENT THEATRICAL
MANAGER WHO WILL BRING
NEW ATTRACTIONS HERE.
Continued from Page 1, Column 4.
"Thf wound that you see on my face
I thli;k was caused by a glancing bullet
that struck the rail of my boat or by a
ppMnter of the sailboat. I was almost
lj'.ir.ded by the injury and thought I would
never be able to get away from the cut
ter."
"It's hard to tell where the line is," he
paid, '"and sometimes the Petrel Is half
a mile within the American line. I did
not feel exactly safe of my position and
Ftarted to run toward the American
coast. I consider the atta.ck of the Ca
nadian cutter an attempt to 6ink us and
I believe they would have gone ?o far
us to take our lives if they could."
In speaking of his injuries Captain
Phaw eaid:
DL'N'KLRK, N. Y.. Aug. 13.— Dunkirk
fishermen are greatly aroused over the
actions of the captain of the Canadian
revenue cutter Petrel, who yesterday
turned the vessel's guns on the American
tug Silver Spray, peppering the tug with
•shot »nd putting the crew In jeopardy.
The captain of the Petrel, it is alleged,
has run tnl.ifs with a high hand on this
end of ':.* lake for some time, and has
to intimidated Dunkirk fishermen that
they rarely approach within several miles
Ot the boundary, fearful that the Cana
dian cutt<*r will dash across the line and
capture and tow them to the Dominion
side, where their vessel would be confis
cated, as was the Dunkirk tug Grace 6ev
rrcl years ago.
Although secrecy is being maintained
It has become known that several of the
captains are preparing to meet the cap
tain of the Petrel at his own game when
the Canadian c«tter next tries tactics like
those performed yesterday. It is said to
lie not at all unlikely that shot will be
returned for shot and that Lake Erie will
bo the scene of a naval battle. Myste
rious were the doings at the lake front
to. day. and it is said that small cannon
have been smuggled aboard some of the
tugs.
ERIE, Pa.. Aug. 13.-Captain Christo
pher Shaw of the tug Silver Spray said
to-nipht hp did not beliex-e he was on the
<"anadlan line-, though he will not be sure
ahout it. . .; •- '
Special Dispatch to The Call
Shot Will Be Returned for Shot
, if Foreigner Crosses
Line.
Whispered Along Lake Front That
Their Wrath Is Stirred by
the Attacks of Canadian
Revenue Cutter.
THREE CLAIM ACTOR AS HUSBAND
It is believed that the Mayas re
ceived their arms and ammunition from
.British Honduras traders. The Govern
ment has taken strenuous steps toward
quelling this new rising.
CITY OF MEXICO. Aug. 13.— The
bloodiest" battle of the Maya Indian re
bellion has just occurred in Yucatan, ac
cording to dispatches received, from
there. A large body of the Indians, who
were supposed to have been subdued,
made an unexpected attack on a detach
ment of _ Government troops. Sixty of
the latter were killed. The soldiers
were forced to wundraw from the field,
leaving their dead and wounded behind.
A number of Mayas were killed.
Special Dispatch to The Call
TURKISH CHOI .BOfflNBD;
Captain Smith was last seen alive on
Tuesday. The following morning a cham
bermaid saw him lying on the bed, but
did not call him. This morning she no
ticed that his position had not changed
and she reported the matter. The body
was only partly dressed and beside it was
a bottle which had contained carbolic
acid. The, autopsy to-night showed that
he had taken several ounces of the dead
ly poison.
Captain Smith was 34 years of age, a
graduate of West Point, and during the
Spanish War served in the artillery
branch of the service. It is reported here
that during the war he became implicated
in some deal with persons who had con
tracts to sell the Government supplies
and that serious trouble might have re
sulted for him. His father-in-law in De
troit came to the rescue, however, and
he was placed on the retired,list, the rea
son assigned being ill health. He went to
Long Beach six months ago and stopped
at the Hotel Riviera. Recently his
money became exhausted and he sent a
draft for $75 East to pay his hotel bill.
The draft was returned unhonored and
soon thereafter Captain Smith left Long
Beach. His relatives In the East have
been notified of his death.
Even then, it was not known who the
man was, for in his preparations for
death he had destroyed every scrap of
paper and every other article which would
serve to reveal his identity. He had reg
istered at the hotef under the name of
James Wilson. Dr. T. G. Harriman of
Long Beach, for years a friend of the
dead man. to-night identified the body as
that of Captain Smith. Dr. Harriman
had been looking for Smith for some
time, for he had been missing from Long
Beach for more than a week. . *
Captain Smith first appeared at the
hotel August 1 and registered as James
Wilson. He* remained two days and then
left. Later he returned and paid his room
rent up to August 9, and on Sunday last
he told the clerk he was broke and asked
to be permitted to keep the room for a
day or two, until he could get some
money from the East. He was given a
much cheaper room and permitted to
stay. He sent and received several tele
grams, the contents of which are un
known. •
1JDS ANGELES. Aug. 13.— Despondent
because of domestic troubles, practically
without money and brooding over that
which had caused his retirement from the
active list, -Captain Henry E. Smith,
United States army, committed suicide
Tuesday evening by taking four ounces
of carbolic acid. Not until to-day was the
fact of his suicide known, when his body
was found in a room in the Southern Ho
tel, at the corner of Requena and Main
streets.
Special Dispatch to The Call
LOS ANGELES. Au*. 13.-In defense of
her life. Mrs. II. E. Davis, wife of a
well known rancher who lives between
Gardena and Compton t about twelve miles
from this city, shot and probably fatally
wounded an insane tramp yesterday noon.
Mrs. Davis owes her life to the fact that
she could outrun her assailant and was
able to handle a rifle. The wounded man
Rives the name of John Stuck, and says
his home is in Peoria, 111. He is shot
through the left thigh. The bullet shat
tered the bone for nearly two inches and
his leg will have to be amputated at the
hip.. The physicians at the County Hos
pital, where he Is now a prisoner, be
lieve that he will succumb to the shock.
Stuck is undoubtedly Insane. He will tell
nothing of where he has been or what
he has been doing In this part of the coun
try.
Mrs. Davis was alone at her house
Wednesday noon, her daughter having
gone to the house of a neighbor a mile
away and her husband being at work
at a distant point on the ranch, when she
noticed a strancer enter the barn. As
there Is much in that building which
could be stolen Mrs. Davis wpn* to' the
barn and demanded to know of tiie man
what he wanted. He gave seme unsatis
factory reply and she ordered him oft the
place. He thereupon seized a club and
made for her. She saw that she could
not avoid him, and instead of running
ehe seized the club. A desperate strug
gle for the club followed, the man try-
Ing to Jerk It from Mrs. Davis' hands
and she hanging on and at the same time
keeping out of reach of his hands. Sud
denly she released her hold on the club
and the tramp fell backward. This gave
her an opportunity to run and she started
for the house. The tramp seized a heavy
whip and started in pursuit, with the butt
end of the whip upraised ready to brain
her If he caught her.
Mrs. Davis outran him, and dashed into
the kitchen. In 'the corner of which she
knew her husband's rifle was standing.
Seizing the weapon, she turned Just aa
the man reached the door. She covered
him with the rifle and ordered him to
stop. He hesitated an Instant, and that
gave her the opportunity to pump a car
tridge into the barrel of the rifle. The
maniac hesitated an instant and then
sprang toward her. With whip upraised,
he uttered an oath and said he would
kill her. The Instant he sprang forward
the rifle cracked and the man tumbled
down the steps Into the yard. Mrs. Da
vis had taken aim at his legs, but the
shot struck higher than she had intended.
Wounded though he was. the man tried
to rise, but he was unable to stand.
Instead of fainting or screaming. Mrs.
DavJs summoned help, and several per
sons went to her assistance. Dr. C. F.
Miller was summoned and dressed the
wound, but advised that the wounded
man be taken to a hospital as quickly
as possible, for he saw that the injured
leg would have to be amputated.
The Sheriff^ office was notified from
Compton, and\*Jnder-Sherift Yonkin drove
to the scene of the shooting and brought
the man to this city In a wagon.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Federal Fores Is Compelled
to Abandon Its Dead
i and Wounded.
Swallows Carbolic 'Acid to
End Business and Do
mestic Troubles.
Dunkirk Skippers Take
Small Cannon
Aboard.
Authorities Believe Wounded
Man Is Mentally Un
balanced. Jir
Captain Henry E. Smith
Pound Dead in Los
-^ngeles Hotel.
Drops Him With a Rifle
When He Threatens
Her Life.
Sixty Mexican Soldiers
Killed in an Unex
pected Onfall.
FISHERMEN
PREPARE TD
GiVE BATTLE
ARMY OFFICER
KILLS HIMSELF
BAND OF MAYAS
ATTACKS TROOPS
PLUCKY WOMAN
SHOOTS A TRIP
TWO NOTABLE
ENGAGEMENTS
MADE PUBLIC
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 14, 1903.
FINE MUSIC
TO DOMINATE
NEW SEASON
2
Instructions for framing
OLD ARMY CHEST,"
NEXT SUNDAY'S
; . r ABT " SUPPLEMENT:
• Frame -in three-inch plain-
scooped gilt or three-inch Flem-
ish brown and burnished gold.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Chas. Keilus & Co.
E x c 1 u s i v e
High-Grade Clothiers
• • . i No Branch Stores. No Agents. .
The Note of Distinction
An Indefinable Something
That Sets a IVlan Apart
From the Ordinary Crowd
You Know What It Means
In a Man's Choice of Dress
Cur Clothes Have Repute
Ke a r.n y Str e e t
1* h u r 1 o w B 1 o.c k
• OCEAN TBAVEL.
® Steamers leave San Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchlkan. Juneau. I
Haines. Skagway, etc.. Alas-
ka— 11 a. m., August 4. 9.
14. 19. 24, 29. Sept. 3.
Change to company's steam-
era at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta- j
"coma, Everett, Whatcom— 11 a. m.. August 4,
9, 14. 19. 24, 29, Sept. 3. . Change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska an>i G. !
N\ Ry.: at Seattle for Tacoma to N. P. Ry. : j
at Vancouver" to C. P. Ry. I
. For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. l:3O
p. m., August 2. 8, 14. 2O, 26. Sept. 1; Corona,
1:30 p. m.. August 5. 11. 17, 23. 2St, Sept. 4.
¦ For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays, n a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. August • 5. 13. 21. 29.
Sept. 6.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Aug. 17, 25, Sept. 2.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jo*e del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro*
jMlla. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 j. ra.. 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates.
TICKET OFPICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight office. 10 Market street. • '
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. Rj <ft /V. CO.
"Columbia" sails Aug. 21. 31. "George "tt\
Elder" «alls Aug. 16, 2t>. Only steamship line
to PORTLAND. OR., and short rail line from
Portland to atl points East. Through tickets
to all points, all rail or ftteamshlp and rail, at
LOWEST RATES. Steamer tickets include
berth and meals. Steamer sails fcot of Spear
i>t. at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH, G«>n. Agt. Pass.
Dept.. 1 Montgomery st.; C. CLIFFORD. Gen.
Agt. Frt. D«pt.. 3 Montgomery st. ¦
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP COi> -•
Steamers will leave wharf, corner Fimt and
Brannan *tr«*>ts>. at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
land HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hiago),
1 Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
S. S AMERICA MARU /
Wednesday, August 2«. 1903
S. S. HONGKONG MARU (calling at Ma-
nila) Saturday. September 19. 1903
S. S. NIPPON MARU
1. . .Thursday. October 15. 1903
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage, apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
f W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
S. a MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Aug. 15. 11 a. m
6 S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Aug. 15, 11 a. m
g S SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday, Aug. 27. 2 p. m.
JJ..FKCKE13 i BSO J.CQ.. «BtJ.. Mat K&a,M3 hrMS
Frdfijbt QiSct. S29 Harfest SL. Pier la. 7. Pacffic IL
C0MPAQ.HI3 (UOTSBAU THAH3ATLANTIQ3i
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^.^
bailing every Thursday instead of «Sfrft5i?i
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Tier 42. w3atfva»
North River, foot of Morton street."
Flrst-elassto Havre, »70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $43 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Brcadwav (Hudson Bulldinc).
New York. J. F. FUOAZI «: CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, b Montgomery avenu*. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Kara . Island ana Vallsjo Steamers.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:43 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday. »:43 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo
7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 6 p. m., ex. Sunday. Sun-
day, 7 a.' m., 4:15 p.' m. Fare, SO cents. Tel.
Main 150S. Pier 2. Mlsslon-st. dock. HATCH
BROS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Oak Poisoning
Sunburn. Mosquito and Insect Bites.
Prickly Heat and Hive* quickly cured
This scientific germicide is a
specific for skin troubles that
cures the most stubborn cases —
absolutely harmless. Universally
used by leading physicians for the
Sold by leading drugsists or trial size
bottle sent prepaid on receipt of 23 cents.
See ray signature on every bottle.
Gl.O Prince St., New York
5end for booklet.
» nfALU BOTTLED
KING OF A^ beeraV
-V SOLD tVEKYWHEKE.
\ UILBERT MERCANTILE CO.. t
Pacific Coast Agents.
®Vim, Vigor. Vitality lor Men.
MORMON BISHOP'S PTXXS
have been In u»» «v«r fifty
years by t&« leaders of th»
Mormon Church and tiol*
follower*. Positively car* th*
worst eases la old and youn«
•rtstn* from effects of s«l*»
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette smckins. Cur* Lost
Manhood. Ixnpotency. Lost
Power Nlcnt Losses. Insom-
nia. Pains In Back. Erll Desires. Lam* Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
rv Loss of Semen. CZ Vartcocel* or Coa-
P i^n.° Stop NeV O O vous Twltchlngot
• Eyelids. Effects ar» ce»M lmmed!lt t IIB ? M
! vlfor and potency CMTS to tvery function.
Don't get despondent a cum Is at hand. Rj.
i store small, undeveloped orrana. BttmaUts
1 the brain and nerve centers: 60a a box; « fo*
! »2 BO i by mall. A written suarantee to ' cur-or
and 40 Third st.
I — _ — — —
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIBS
OF THE
NORTHERN
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OP LONDON. KNGLANI>. OX THE S1ST
day of December. A. D.. 1902. and for th»
year ending on that day. as made to th« Insur-
| gnci Commissioner of the State of California,
pursuant to the provisions of sections #10 anil
611 ot the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL,
Amount of Capital Stock paid up
In Cash • 1.500, 00O 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate Owned by Ccmpajsy..$ 2,622,000 83
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 1.202. 079 13
Cash market value ot all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. 20,921,978 10
Amount of Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds. Stocks and
other marketable securities as
collateral - 3.161. 2S1 25
Cash in Company 1 ! Office 8.736 67
Cash in Banks 635,778 8*
Interest due and accrued on all
sstock3 and Leans 234,073 53
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection 1S0.043 44
Bills receivable, not matured 83.401 04
Rents due and accrued 6.327 9O
Reversions owned absolutely by
the Company 2.014.7S6 3a
Due from other companies and
\ from amenta 1.259,040 53
I Stamps 1.73» 85
Tctal Assets $32^481.766 4S
LIABILITIES. "
Losses: adjusted and unpaid...."
Losses in process of adjustment
or in suspense $ 494,103 W
Losses resisted, includtng ex-
penses
Gross premiums on Fir* Risks S
running one year or less; I
$ ; reinsurance 50 per ¦
cent {¦ 2.400.914 46
Cross Premiums on Fire Risks I
running more than one year }
9 ; reinsurance pro rata . J
Liability under Life Department.. 21.74«,50T 38
Cash dividends remaining unpaid. 11.947 23
Bills payable 1.065 23
All other liabilities 268.349 12
Tctal liabilities 124.922.873 42
Net cash actually received for
Fire premiums $ 4.801. S2S 03
Net cash actually received for Llf*
premiums 1.333.533 3S
Received for interest and divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loan*,
and from all other sources 1.036,467 63
Received for Rents 63.669 S3
Received for sale of Annuities... 338.133 83
Total Income $ 7.575.638 19
, EXPENDITURES. ~~~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $ losses of pre-
vious years) % 2.2S3.434 H
Net amount paid for Life losses
(Including $ losses of pre-
vious years) 1.30«,9l3 Tl
Dividends to Stockholder* 4S1.36S 00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 7S1.795 33
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 831.291 42
Paid tor State, National and Local
taxes •• •-• 123,390 41
All other payments and expendi-
tures • • • • 363.234 S3
Total Expenditures... .$^8.1S2.503~08
Losses incurred during tb» year..$ 2,331.683 33
Risks and Premiums. Flr« Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year .s $1,063,827,047 $4301.823 93
Net amount of Risks*.
expired during the
year 1.447.194.542 < 443.701 33
Net amount In force!
December 31. 1002.1 1.Q42.531.363 1201.213 23
W. E. riUBBARD. Chairman
H.E. WILSON. General Ma.nas»r.
Subscribed and sworn to before n« this 9tJ»
day of April. 1003.
H. G. BISHOP, Notary Public
WESTERN DEPARTMENT,
Monadnock Block, Chicago.
O. H. LERMIT, Manarer.
SAN FRANCISCO BRANCH JITICB,
230 California Street.
WALTER J. WILSON, Besida^ Manager.
AHPEL &BE.TJCKMAN, City Agents
209 Sansome Street.
Telephone Itein 5781.
Weak Men and ¥omen
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BrjCTERS. THK
lirent Mexican Remedy; jtv* health and
strength to yexual organs. Depot: 323 -Markst.
Weekly CaU, $1 per YearBUENOS AYRES. Aug. 13. — Severe
shocks of earthquake occurred at Men
doza August 12. A number of houses and
the tower of the Church of San Francisco
were destroyed. Five persons were killed
and many "others injured.
A California girl who may he a DucImm.
Read the Wasp's gossljj. . . . •
Five Killed by Earthquake.
The trouble which has been brewing for
some time past at the French Hospital
between Dr. F. P. Canac-Marquls, the
hospital surgeon, and the head nurse. Miss
Keeley, came to a sudden termination
yesterday by the resignation of the latter.
What the real cause of the rumpus be
tween the contending parties has been is
impossible- to learn, either from the par
ties in Interest or from the attaches at
the hospital.
When Miss Keeley was Inquired for at
the -hospital last night . the officer in
• . ¦ ¦ - . . • . • ¦ .........
Matron Keeley Gives Up
Position at French
Hospital.
POPULAR NURSE
RESIGNS POST
charge stated that she had gone to spend
the evening with friends, or to the thea
ter, or somewhere, and when she wo,uld
be back he could not say. He stated with
emphasis that Miss Keeley was still the*
matron and that she could not be removed
by the prejudices of superior officers. Fur
ther than that he refused to make any
statement, but Intimated that possibly
later on there might be developments.
Dr. Marquis retired early and refused
to be seen. Ills amanuensis said the doc
tor was worn out by his work of the past'
week, but that so far as Miss Keeley was
concerned Dr. Marquis begged to state
that that lady had just sent In her resig
nation as head nurse of the French Hos
pital, which put an end to the matter In
discussion. Concerning the whys and
wherefores of Miss Keeley's resignation
the fair amanuensis had nothing to say.
Miss. Keeley Is said to have been very
popular at the hospital.
Dress suit. case, fiber, or. canvas telescope
grip, we can please you In both quality
and price. Leather Goods -Department,
Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 7U Market st. •
If -You Need a Trunk,
. SACRAMENTO. Aug. i' 13.— Michael -; C.
Burke, who was employed' in the boiler shops
of the Southern Pacific Company In this city."
had • his left • leg crushed In ¦ the yards yester
day and =" died- this morning . from the effects
of the shock ; ;?j«lig*£38|i
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
H18 Broadway, Aug. 13. !
Practically, all hope has been abandoned
for the recovery of William D. English,
manager of the Contra Costa Water, Com
pany. The physicians held a long con
sultation at East Bay Sanitarium this
afternoon and again to-night, but were
unable to find anything that would give
any encouragement" For the llrst time
since "the operation, six days ago, v Dr.
D.D.Crowley said to-night:
i "The chances for recovery are few."
CRIPPLE CREEK. Colo., Aug. 13.—Un
ion miners working in the drainage tunnel
were called out to-day by their executive
officers. The tunnel, which will drain most
of the big mines of the* district, would
be completed In another, week at the ratt
of progress heretofore maintained. The
strike was ordered in consequence of the
refusal of Superintendent Balnbrldge to
employ only union men.
"We will complete that tunnel If it takes
the United States army to protect the
work and if It is necessary for us to put
Rich Miners Determined
to Finish Drainage
Scheme.
— , »
Patient's Vitality at Low
Ebb and Death Is
-¦Neai;
BERLIN. Aup. IS.— The Minister of Public
Works hts ordered a thorough examination cf
the Berlti underground railroad system In
frdor toid»t«>rrnlne what steps are :.ec»ssary
lo avoid |b* po»*lbl!lty of a catastrophe such
&e occur*"3 in Paris.
ENGLISH BEYOND
MEDICAL SKILL
OWNERS MAY DIG
IN THE TUNNEL
The Western Federation have Been fit to com
pel a cessation of all labor In the district not
because of any grievance of their own against
the Ct^pple Creek operators, and for reasons
entirelr beyond our control. No ' more arbi
trary and unjustifiable action mars the annals
of organized labor, and we denounce It as an
outrage both against employers and employed.
Ab fast as . men can be secured our mining
operations will be resumed under former condi
tions, preference being given to former em
ployes, and all men applying for work will be
protected to the last degree. ¦
It is not unlikely that within twenty
four hours rich mine owners and high
salaried mine managers will go Into* the
big bore to take the places of the men
called out to-day. '
There are now 4000 miners Idle In the
district. The mine owners and managers
to-day anhounced their determination to
reopen the mines as quickly as possible.
In their published announcement they
say:
on our working clothes and do the labor
ourselves," said President Samuel Ber
nard of the El Paso Mining Company,
which has the contract for digging the
tunnel.
The physician made the further sig
nificant statement: "The patient does not
respond to stimulants."
Vitality reached such a low ebb to
night that the situation was regarded as
most discouraging. With nothing to work
upon the physicians only labored In vain
to offset the debilitating effect3 of the
operation. The change for the wcrse was
marked . during the day and, as the
hours passed there were no hopeful symp
toms of reviving strength. Because of
the failure of favorable reaction to man
ifest itself the physicians feel that there
was little if any recovery from the oper
ation's shock. Mr. English has , failed
during the last forty-eight hours. There
appears to be no chance for a rally that
would give the attendants a ground for
belief at this crisis that the patient might
improve.
.- The operation was the second Mr. Eng
lish had undergone within a few months/
The first, for appendicitis, seemed to have
benefited him, but the return of the
trouble,' with ; other. Intestinal complica
tions, caused his case to assume a very
serious aspect , from the beginning.
Insane Man Kills Three in Crowd.
WICHITA. Kans.. Aug. 13.-At Winfleld.
Kans., to-night a man with a revolver
and a shotgun fired both into the crowd
attending a band concert and killed three
pfople outright and wounded eight or ten
others. He then killed himself. He is
Mjpposed to have been demented.
NEW YORK. Aug. 13.— A human head,
supposed to be that of William Gulden-
Kuppe, who was murdered in 1S38, was
found to-day near Dutchkills. Martin
Thorne was executed at Sing Sing for the
murder of Guldensuppe, and Mrs. Naack,
v.ho was concerned in the case, still has
more than nine of her fifteen years to
serve at Auburn penitentiary.
Head of Guldensuppe.
GREAT P'ALLS, Mont., Aug. 13.— Police
Sergeant Anderson and Sheriff Doust of
Spokane to-day placed under arrest How
ard J. Kress! y. a bank clerk of Spokane,
aged 26 years, upon the charge of forging
the names of iho. owners to about SSOOo of
mining stock. Kressly. who is said to be
the son of wealthy Spokane people, was
taken to Spokane to-day, the prisoner be
ing willing to waive the formality of a
requisition.
Bank Clerk Arrested for Forgery,
v.hat he told Captain Prescott that with
two other boys he was fishing outside the
harbor of Havana when the boat broke
rdrift. Two of the lads swem ashore.
The other boy was unable to swim so far
and remained in the boat without food or
water until picked up by the EldoraOo.
from exposure.
After the lad had been revived some-
NEW YORK. Aug. 13.— The Morgan line
steamer Eldorado, which arrived here to
day from Galveston, had on board a 12
year-old boy who was found adrift in an
open boat about 1C9 miles off Georgia on
August 10. He was naked and almost dead
Steamer Eldorado Rescues Starving
Youth Whose Involuntary Jour
ney Had Begun at Havana.
BOY ADRIFT IN BOAT
100 MILES OFF SHORE
WASHINGTON. Aug. 12.-Postofflces
discontinued August 21: Oregon—Lar
wood. Linn County, mail to Crabtree;
Stone, Clackamas County, mall to Ore
gon City.
Superseded by rural free delivery Aug
ust £1 — Graeme, Clackamas County, mail
to Sherwood; Sunnyslde, mall to Clacka
ir.ac; Kinton, Washington County, mail
to Sherwood: Salt Creek, Polk County,
rr.ail to Dallas.
Postmasters commissioned: Oregon-
Scott King. Wren.
Fourth-class postmasters appointed:
California— Charles Albrecht, Stalder,
Riverside County, vice Lilla Stalder, re
signed.
Army orders— Captain Douglas Settle.
commissary, transferred from San Fran
cisco to this city; Captain Guy C. M.
Godfrey, assistant surgeon, transferred
from San Francisco to Fort Apache. Ariz.
I^eave of absence granted Captain Arthur
S. Conklin. artillery. Department of Cal
ifornia, extended one month.
Navy orders— Lieutenant W. G. Miller
detached from the Wyoming to the Bos
ton; Midshipman G. F. Blair detached
from the Pcnsacola to the Wyoming.
Changes Made in the Postal Service
and Army and Navy Or
ders Issued.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
SALT LAKE. Utah, Aug. 13.— The Su
preme Court to-day aSrmed the verdict
of pullty of murder In the first degree
against Peter Mortensen and refused to
grant him a new trial. Mortensen was
found guilty of the murder of James R.
Hay. secretary of the Pacific Lumber
Company, whose body he burled In an
open field. The case attracted wide
spread attention on account the prom
inence of the Mormon belief in revela
tions took in the evidence presented, and
evidence of this character formed one of
the principal reasons advanced by Mor
tensen's attorneys in their petition to
the Supreme Court for a new trial.
James Sharp, father-in-law of the
murdered man. while being cross-Ques
tioned by counsel for the defense as to
his having charged Mortensen with the
crime made the following statement:
I charged Peter Mortensen ¦with the murder
of ir.y ton-!n-!aw because I knew that he vu
puilty. God appeared to me by the Holy
Ghost and put the words of his spirit Into my
mouth. I had to utter them, for I knew they
•were true. I cannot and will not deny it here,
neither will I deny It when I meet my God
In the "..-.«¦; day.
This was not the only manifestation I re
ceived. On Tuesday noon I caw the trail of
blood leading from the railroad tracks to
where my scn-ln-law was buried. I saw it In
b. vision JuFt as plainly as when 1 afterward
v'slted the toot.
The refusal of the trial Judg% to
strike, out . this statement, which was
calculated. Mortensen's attorneys claim
ed, to prejudice the defendant's case in
the minds of the Mormon members of
the Jury, was made one of the principal
grounds for an appeal.
In ruling on this, the Supreme Court
held that, as every Mormon member of
the jury had stated that he did not be
lieve that Sharp had such a revelation,
and would not be influenced by it to re
turn a verdict against the defendant, j
and because of the further fact that the j
alleged revelation did not refer to any I
contested or disputed question In the !
case, as It was conceded that the body
of Hay was in fact found and dug up in
the vicinity, the court failed to see how !
the defendant's case was prejudiced by !
the testimony referred to. The fact that ;
the defense knew w*.at Sharp's testimony '•
was to be ar.d that no motion was made
to exclude the testimony !s commented
upon.
Special PlEr&tch to The CaJl.
Supreme Court of Utah Af
firms Verdict Against
Mortensen.
Mormon Witness Tells
of the 'Revelation of
a Crime.
VISIONS FIGURE
IN MURDER CASE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 14, 1903.
3
— ... . • . ADVEBTISEiMENTS. . . tr-i'Si
!UC u v i v Oil It OdlC
f^^ This sale will comprise blue serge suits for man and boy.
We have secured a blue serge that will wear better and longer than any serge §M0lll^
Syjj we have ever offered for the same price before. We bought the cloth direct from WPpfl^
ffM tne m^ at a ow figure and made it up into men's, youths' and boys' suits. ,. * ;§Kliiil£
.¦^7 w . It is an all-wool, fast blue serge that has a good finish that will insure fPPl'^iw
We guarantee every suit to give entire satisfaction. Any dissatisfied customer jlliiPllL
y^^S^^- • can have his money back. All garments, both men's and boys', will be kept in repair
free. Sponging and pressing will be done any time the suit is brought in. '^ J^BS^mS^^^^k
Pli^^^p J) Of course, the prices quoted below do not give you an idea of the good quality
s*pi^2* of the suits. You must see them. Then you will understand the significance of the Mp^^^^^^^^iMi*
The men's suits make good G. A. R. uniforms, and the price is smalL '111111 S&f|>
WM^^^^^^^m^< Men's blue serge suits in single and Boys' blue serge sailor suits in fifteen
\ pgp^^^« double breasted styles, latest style cut, • different styles, all neatly trimmed with
\ broad shoulders, outside breast pockets, neat rows of black, white or red braid wmM^M-^^^^^-^k
ii jm^^^^^^B^W^ • e tc Suits like these are usually $12.J0f and embroidered designs, ages 3 to 12
''l-jBfflSPtt^ v^iPB' > our price as they come direct from the years; price $3.50.
MlPitiWj maker is S9.00. «3S0
\M0Mm&M^S8k \( - MJv^V/HJ' Youths heavy blue cheviot troDsers,
vW^^&^^$m I? • ¦••¦ a ? es 12 t0 l9 Y ears ' strongly made; "
! Youths ' b!ue ser^ e suits in sin § le P rice $2S0 - ' "
iUi^^^^SPjw i and doubIe breasted s[ y les ' Iatest cut ff i\ •
rt ; ;\i^P^^^PpS^|! | B °y s blue s FS e knee P ants ' a S es 3 WF&0I
' vi^^^^Wi-i • B ? yS> b h S Z g \ thr tfZ P Tt^ "Mothers' Friend" shirt waists with Iff I w|
'.teWillWi collars attached or two separate collars; fegl
smB^I;! sty ish garments, tor dre^ wear, ages a these were our regular SI. 00 waists, but Wllm
WSMm' to 15 years; price cut to i-x4>. being broken in sizes both lots go on |^|-
f Boys' blue ' serge two-piece suits in S9me pretty patterns in light and me- / J^S Wlm
§B double breasted or Norfolk styles; well dium colors at 50c each. m^M
?J7r? made and lasting, just the "thing for Boys' soft shirts with laundered collar mm W$M
Sunday wear, dressy and neat, ages .6 to and "rffs attached, just the thing for school |g||
I ! VMr c- nrirp mnrkprl rlnwn in 00 wear, 50c each. &M&S '^^SA
\i years, price marKeci aown XOZl.JV. Boys' soft hats in light and black colors, >dg|o*p ¦-
tfK *~fy {T\^\" - 90c and $1.30. • nr^Ss^
*^ »f1 F Boys' golf c?.ps in all patterns, 25c and 45c. <^£&^ .-^£*i i ' x^^J,
\. * v|/s^ii/v Boys' blue yacht caps, 15c. '-5/2=^-^ *=#o/r AmJtz*^^^
Hosiery Special Fall Goods Now In For Latest in Mats
ggfe*^ . Made=to=Order Suits
I -^v. Sf t*** "-^^^v ' The many patrons of our made-to-order department will be pleased W&k J/.
"^^^J^ftifi^^^^^^^r^v t0 now tnat tne new a1 ' patterns are now on display. They comprise a y 1|fe|L* ~ -
" ;^^^^^^^^^^^®SiL ] ° assortment °f handsome goods that we will make into suits at lower V^fsSl* /
¦^^^P@^Wv'^^^^i;-; If y° u have never purchased here you are certainly paying more for jd^ftft^ /i
'^^^?®^9^^^^p4, y° ur clotnes tn an you need to. You run no risk in placing a trial order.' "' V
*^-=^^':^^|^^^^^^ You can have your money back if you are not pleased. Ever hear of any v
other tailor being so liberal? The prices range from | f ;^-
These hose are imported from %PItP«O\/ X" %PO^F*W - 1
Saxonv Germanv and are dved fast - c- -, £ K ,, . r ., -,,,>, , u • The picture shows a hat styled the
oaAunv, vjcunairy, diiu <iic uycu id^L Suits for out-of-tozvn customers satisfactorily made to order through our self-measuring . F J
, i , t 1 -ii j r tl v , lnree-in-Une, because it can De worn in
black by Louis Hermsdorf. They are system-write for blank and samples. three different ways: 1st, with crown
a fine balbriggan with double soles ~ - — | ~ \ creased; 2d, with dents in 'the crown; 3d,
and hppk with npsth/ PmhmirlprpH We M mail orders— write for our 64-page illustrated catalogue. w j t h Fedora crown. It comes in black,
dllU llCClo, WIlil llCaliy C111U1 UIUCI CU ..;..>.% .:-,' '¦",'¦'¦ ¦ . < „
J . . . ' . y » pearl and steel, the light colors with self-
designs in harmonious colors, seam- .. « d~fr\ color or black bands. The price is $1.95.
less, stainless, elastic, comfortable and Wll/! li 11 i Ai m m. 1 Also Derb y s ' Fed o ra s. Graecos, Dunlap
Qnprml vjiIup if ' CU / ?* % W \-T \-r U^ \&) i \JF Crushers, Tourists and G. A. R. Hats in the
special vaiue at *mr j FTc —^ — *^7 \S" usual colors at
2 fat The onl\ firm manufacturing all their men's, youths' and boys' clothing, and retailing direct £t> 1| V\ptf
OC a pair ' tothc^arcr. {pl.y& each
____^ ____ / 740 Market Street 1
Schlling's Best baking-
powdej, flavoring extracts, and
spices, are best without quali-
fication Coffee and tea good-
enough
Your grocer's; moneyback.
ADVERTISEMENTS.BUENOS AYRES. Aug. 13. — Severe
shocks of earthquake occurred at Men
doza August 12. A number of houses and
the tower of the Church of San Francisco
were destroyed. Five persons were killed
and many "others injured.
A California girl who may he a DucImm.
Read the Wasp's gossljj. . . . •
Five Killed by Earthquake.
The trouble which has been brewing for
some time past at the French Hospital
between Dr. F. P. Canac-Marquls, the
hospital surgeon, and the head nurse. Miss
Keeley, came to a sudden termination
yesterday by the resignation of the latter.
What the real cause of the rumpus be
tween the contending parties has been is
impossible- to learn, either from the par
ties in Interest or from the attaches at
the hospital.
When Miss Keeley was Inquired for at
the -hospital last night . the officer in
• . ¦ ¦ - . . • . • ¦ .........
Matron Keeley Gives Up
Position at French
Hospital.
POPULAR NURSE
RESIGNS POST
charge stated that she had gone to spend
the evening with friends, or to the thea
ter, or somewhere, and when she wo,uld
be back he could not say. He stated with
emphasis that Miss Keeley was still the*
matron and that she could not be removed
by the prejudices of superior officers. Fur
ther than that he refused to make any
statement, but Intimated that possibly
later on there might be developments.
Dr. Marquis retired early and refused
to be seen. Ills amanuensis said the doc
tor was worn out by his work of the past'
week, but that so far as Miss Keeley was
concerned Dr. Marquis begged to state
that that lady had just sent In her resig
nation as head nurse of the French Hos
pital, which put an end to the matter In
discussion. Concerning the whys and
wherefores of Miss Keeley's resignation
the fair amanuensis had nothing to say.
Miss. Keeley Is said to have been very
popular at the hospital.
Dress suit. case, fiber, or. canvas telescope
grip, we can please you In both quality
and price. Leather Goods -Department,
Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 7U Market st. •
If -You Need a Trunk,
. SACRAMENTO. Aug. i' 13.— Michael -; C.
Burke, who was employed' in the boiler shops
of the Southern Pacific Company In this city."
had • his left • leg crushed In ¦ the yards yester
day and =" died- this morning . from the effects
of the shock ; ;?j«lig*£38|i
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
H18 Broadway, Aug. 13. !
Practically, all hope has been abandoned
for the recovery of William D. English,
manager of the Contra Costa Water, Com
pany. The physicians held a long con
sultation at East Bay Sanitarium this
afternoon and again to-night, but were
unable to find anything that would give
any encouragement" For the llrst time
since "the operation, six days ago, v Dr.
D.D.Crowley said to-night:
i "The chances for recovery are few."
CRIPPLE CREEK. Colo., Aug. 13.—Un
ion miners working in the drainage tunnel
were called out to-day by their executive
officers. The tunnel, which will drain most
of the big mines of the* district, would
be completed In another, week at the ratt
of progress heretofore maintained. The
strike was ordered in consequence of the
refusal of Superintendent Balnbrldge to
employ only union men.
"We will complete that tunnel If it takes
the United States army to protect the
work and if It is necessary for us to put
Rich Miners Determined
to Finish Drainage
Scheme.
— , »
Patient's Vitality at Low
Ebb and Death Is
-¦Neai;
BERLIN. Aup. IS.— The Minister of Public
Works hts ordered a thorough examination cf
the Berlti underground railroad system In
frdor toid»t«>rrnlne what steps are :.ec»ssary
lo avoid |b* po»*lbl!lty of a catastrophe such
&e occur*"3 in Paris.
ENGLISH BEYOND
MEDICAL SKILL
OWNERS MAY DIG
IN THE TUNNEL
The Western Federation have Been fit to com
pel a cessation of all labor In the district not
because of any grievance of their own against
the Ct^pple Creek operators, and for reasons
entirelr beyond our control. No ' more arbi
trary and unjustifiable action mars the annals
of organized labor, and we denounce It as an
outrage both against employers and employed.
Ab fast as . men can be secured our mining
operations will be resumed under former condi
tions, preference being given to former em
ployes, and all men applying for work will be
protected to the last degree. ¦
It is not unlikely that within twenty
four hours rich mine owners and high
salaried mine managers will go Into* the
big bore to take the places of the men
called out to-day. '
There are now 4000 miners Idle In the
district. The mine owners and managers
to-day anhounced their determination to
reopen the mines as quickly as possible.
In their published announcement they
say:
on our working clothes and do the labor
ourselves," said President Samuel Ber
nard of the El Paso Mining Company,
which has the contract for digging the
tunnel.
The physician made the further sig
nificant statement: "The patient does not
respond to stimulants."
Vitality reached such a low ebb to
night that the situation was regarded as
most discouraging. With nothing to work
upon the physicians only labored In vain
to offset the debilitating effect3 of the
operation. The change for the wcrse was
marked . during the day and, as the
hours passed there were no hopeful symp
toms of reviving strength. Because of
the failure of favorable reaction to man
ifest itself the physicians feel that there
was little if any recovery from the oper
ation's shock. Mr. English has , failed
during the last forty-eight hours. There
appears to be no chance for a rally that
would give the attendants a ground for
belief at this crisis that the patient might
improve.
.- The operation was the second Mr. Eng
lish had undergone within a few months/
The first, for appendicitis, seemed to have
benefited him, but the return of the
trouble,' with ; other. Intestinal complica
tions, caused his case to assume a very
serious aspect , from the beginning.
Insane Man Kills Three in Crowd.
WICHITA. Kans.. Aug. 13.-At Winfleld.
Kans., to-night a man with a revolver
and a shotgun fired both into the crowd
attending a band concert and killed three
pfople outright and wounded eight or ten
others. He then killed himself. He is
Mjpposed to have been demented.
NEW YORK. Aug. 13.— A human head,
supposed to be that of William Gulden-
Kuppe, who was murdered in 1S38, was
found to-day near Dutchkills. Martin
Thorne was executed at Sing Sing for the
murder of Guldensuppe, and Mrs. Naack,
v.ho was concerned in the case, still has
more than nine of her fifteen years to
serve at Auburn penitentiary.
Head of Guldensuppe.
GREAT P'ALLS, Mont., Aug. 13.— Police
Sergeant Anderson and Sheriff Doust of
Spokane to-day placed under arrest How
ard J. Kress! y. a bank clerk of Spokane,
aged 26 years, upon the charge of forging
the names of iho. owners to about SSOOo of
mining stock. Kressly. who is said to be
the son of wealthy Spokane people, was
taken to Spokane to-day, the prisoner be
ing willing to waive the formality of a
requisition.
Bank Clerk Arrested for Forgery,
v.hat he told Captain Prescott that with
two other boys he was fishing outside the
harbor of Havana when the boat broke
rdrift. Two of the lads swem ashore.
The other boy was unable to swim so far
and remained in the boat without food or
water until picked up by the EldoraOo.
from exposure.
After the lad had been revived some-
NEW YORK. Aug. 13.— The Morgan line
steamer Eldorado, which arrived here to
day from Galveston, had on board a 12
year-old boy who was found adrift in an
open boat about 1C9 miles off Georgia on
August 10. He was naked and almost dead
Steamer Eldorado Rescues Starving
Youth Whose Involuntary Jour
ney Had Begun at Havana.
BOY ADRIFT IN BOAT
100 MILES OFF SHORE
WASHINGTON. Aug. 12.-Postofflces
discontinued August 21: Oregon—Lar
wood. Linn County, mail to Crabtree;
Stone, Clackamas County, mall to Ore
gon City.
Superseded by rural free delivery Aug
ust £1 — Graeme, Clackamas County, mail
to Sherwood; Sunnyslde, mall to Clacka
ir.ac; Kinton, Washington County, mail
to Sherwood: Salt Creek, Polk County,
rr.ail to Dallas.
Postmasters commissioned: Oregon-
Scott King. Wren.
Fourth-class postmasters appointed:
California— Charles Albrecht, Stalder,
Riverside County, vice Lilla Stalder, re
signed.
Army orders— Captain Douglas Settle.
commissary, transferred from San Fran
cisco to this city; Captain Guy C. M.
Godfrey, assistant surgeon, transferred
from San Francisco to Fort Apache. Ariz.
I^eave of absence granted Captain Arthur
S. Conklin. artillery. Department of Cal
ifornia, extended one month.
Navy orders— Lieutenant W. G. Miller
detached from the Wyoming to the Bos
ton; Midshipman G. F. Blair detached
from the Pcnsacola to the Wyoming.
Changes Made in the Postal Service
and Army and Navy Or
ders Issued.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
SALT LAKE. Utah, Aug. 13.— The Su
preme Court to-day aSrmed the verdict
of pullty of murder In the first degree
against Peter Mortensen and refused to
grant him a new trial. Mortensen was
found guilty of the murder of James R.
Hay. secretary of the Pacific Lumber
Company, whose body he burled In an
open field. The case attracted wide
spread attention on account the prom
inence of the Mormon belief in revela
tions took in the evidence presented, and
evidence of this character formed one of
the principal reasons advanced by Mor
tensen's attorneys in their petition to
the Supreme Court for a new trial.
James Sharp, father-in-law of the
murdered man. while being cross-Ques
tioned by counsel for the defense as to
his having charged Mortensen with the
crime made the following statement:
I charged Peter Mortensen ¦with the murder
of ir.y ton-!n-!aw because I knew that he vu
puilty. God appeared to me by the Holy
Ghost and put the words of his spirit Into my
mouth. I had to utter them, for I knew they
•were true. I cannot and will not deny it here,
neither will I deny It when I meet my God
In the "..-.«¦; day.
This was not the only manifestation I re
ceived. On Tuesday noon I caw the trail of
blood leading from the railroad tracks to
where my scn-ln-law was buried. I saw it In
b. vision JuFt as plainly as when 1 afterward
v'slted the toot.
The refusal of the trial Judg% to
strike, out . this statement, which was
calculated. Mortensen's attorneys claim
ed, to prejudice the defendant's case in
the minds of the Mormon members of
the Jury, was made one of the principal
grounds for an appeal.
In ruling on this, the Supreme Court
held that, as every Mormon member of
the jury had stated that he did not be
lieve that Sharp had such a revelation,
and would not be influenced by it to re
turn a verdict against the defendant, j
and because of the further fact that the j
alleged revelation did not refer to any I
contested or disputed question In the !
case, as It was conceded that the body
of Hay was in fact found and dug up in
the vicinity, the court failed to see how !
the defendant's case was prejudiced by !
the testimony referred to. The fact that ;
the defense knew w*.at Sharp's testimony '•
was to be ar.d that no motion was made
to exclude the testimony !s commented
upon.
Special PlEr&tch to The CaJl.
Supreme Court of Utah Af
firms Verdict Against
Mortensen.
Mormon Witness Tells
of the 'Revelation of
a Crime.
VISIONS FIGURE
IN MURDER CASE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 14, 1903.
3
— ... . • . ADVEBTISEiMENTS. . . tr-i'Si
!UC u v i v Oil It OdlC
f^^ This sale will comprise blue serge suits for man and boy.
We have secured a blue serge that will wear better and longer than any serge §M0lll^
Syjj we have ever offered for the same price before. We bought the cloth direct from WPpfl^
ffM tne m^ at a ow figure and made it up into men's, youths' and boys' suits. ,. * ;§Kliiil£
.¦^7 w . It is an all-wool, fast blue serge that has a good finish that will insure fPPl'^iw
We guarantee every suit to give entire satisfaction. Any dissatisfied customer jlliiPllL
y^^S^^- • can have his money back. All garments, both men's and boys', will be kept in repair
free. Sponging and pressing will be done any time the suit is brought in. '^ J^BS^mS^^^^k
Pli^^^p J) Of course, the prices quoted below do not give you an idea of the good quality
s*pi^2* of the suits. You must see them. Then you will understand the significance of the Mp^^^^^^^^iMi*
The men's suits make good G. A. R. uniforms, and the price is smalL '111111 S&f|>
WM^^^^^^^m^< Men's blue serge suits in single and Boys' blue serge sailor suits in fifteen
\ pgp^^^« double breasted styles, latest style cut, • different styles, all neatly trimmed with
\ broad shoulders, outside breast pockets, neat rows of black, white or red braid wmM^M-^^^^^-^k
ii jm^^^^^^B^W^ • e tc Suits like these are usually $12.J0f and embroidered designs, ages 3 to 12
''l-jBfflSPtt^ v^iPB' > our price as they come direct from the years; price $3.50.
MlPitiWj maker is S9.00. «3S0
\M0Mm&M^S8k \( - MJv^V/HJ' Youths heavy blue cheviot troDsers,
vW^^&^^$m I? • ¦••¦ a ? es 12 t0 l9 Y ears ' strongly made; "
! Youths ' b!ue ser^ e suits in sin § le P rice $2S0 - ' "
iUi^^^^SPjw i and doubIe breasted s[ y les ' Iatest cut ff i\ •
rt ; ;\i^P^^^PpS^|! | B °y s blue s FS e knee P ants ' a S es 3 WF&0I
' vi^^^^Wi-i • B ? yS> b h S Z g \ thr tfZ P Tt^ "Mothers' Friend" shirt waists with Iff I w|
'.teWillWi collars attached or two separate collars; fegl
smB^I;! sty ish garments, tor dre^ wear, ages a these were our regular SI. 00 waists, but Wllm
WSMm' to 15 years; price cut to i-x4>. being broken in sizes both lots go on |^|-
f Boys' blue ' serge two-piece suits in S9me pretty patterns in light and me- / J^S Wlm
§B double breasted or Norfolk styles; well dium colors at 50c each. m^M
?J7r? made and lasting, just the "thing for Boys' soft shirts with laundered collar mm W$M
Sunday wear, dressy and neat, ages .6 to and "rffs attached, just the thing for school |g||
I ! VMr c- nrirp mnrkprl rlnwn in 00 wear, 50c each. &M&S '^^SA
\i years, price marKeci aown XOZl.JV. Boys' soft hats in light and black colors, >dg|o*p ¦-
tfK *~fy {T\^\" - 90c and $1.30. • nr^Ss^
*^ »f1 F Boys' golf c?.ps in all patterns, 25c and 45c. <^£&^ .-^£*i i ' x^^J,
\. * v|/s^ii/v Boys' blue yacht caps, 15c. '-5/2=^-^ *=#o/r AmJtz*^^^
Hosiery Special Fall Goods Now In For Latest in Mats
ggfe*^ . Made=to=Order Suits
I -^v. Sf t*** "-^^^v ' The many patrons of our made-to-order department will be pleased W&k J/.
"^^^J^ftifi^^^^^^^r^v t0 now tnat tne new a1 ' patterns are now on display. They comprise a y 1|fe|L* ~ -
" ;^^^^^^^^^^^®SiL ] ° assortment °f handsome goods that we will make into suits at lower V^fsSl* /
¦^^^P@^Wv'^^^^i;-; If y° u have never purchased here you are certainly paying more for jd^ftft^ /i
'^^^?®^9^^^^p4, y° ur clotnes tn an you need to. You run no risk in placing a trial order.' "' V
*^-=^^':^^|^^^^^^ You can have your money back if you are not pleased. Ever hear of any v
other tailor being so liberal? The prices range from | f ;^-
These hose are imported from %PItP«O\/ X" %PO^F*W - 1
Saxonv Germanv and are dved fast - c- -, £ K ,, . r ., -,,,>, , u • The picture shows a hat styled the
oaAunv, vjcunairy, diiu <iic uycu id^L Suits for out-of-tozvn customers satisfactorily made to order through our self-measuring . F J
, i , t 1 -ii j r tl v , lnree-in-Une, because it can De worn in
black by Louis Hermsdorf. They are system-write for blank and samples. three different ways: 1st, with crown
a fine balbriggan with double soles ~ - — | ~ \ creased; 2d, with dents in 'the crown; 3d,
and hppk with npsth/ PmhmirlprpH We M mail orders— write for our 64-page illustrated catalogue. w j t h Fedora crown. It comes in black,
dllU llCClo, WIlil llCaliy C111U1 UIUCI CU ..;..>.% .:-,' '¦",'¦'¦ ¦ . < „
J . . . ' . y » pearl and steel, the light colors with self-
designs in harmonious colors, seam- .. « d~fr\ color or black bands. The price is $1.95.
less, stainless, elastic, comfortable and Wll/! li 11 i Ai m m. 1 Also Derb y s ' Fed o ra s. Graecos, Dunlap
Qnprml vjiIup if ' CU / ?* % W \-T \-r U^ \&) i \JF Crushers, Tourists and G. A. R. Hats in the
special vaiue at *mr j FTc —^ — *^7 \S" usual colors at
2 fat The onl\ firm manufacturing all their men's, youths' and boys' clothing, and retailing direct £t> 1| V\ptf
OC a pair ' tothc^arcr. {pl.y& each
____^ ____ / 740 Market Street 1
Schlling's Best baking-
powdej, flavoring extracts, and
spices, are best without quali-
fication Coffee and tea good-
enough
Your grocer's; moneyback.
ADVERTISEMENTS.Congenial friends are those who agree
when you get out of the roasting pan and
put a third party in it
Souvenir writing tablets and papeteries,
containing Mission and other scenlo
views, illuminated with' California Poppy
and Poinsettla pictures.' Good to write
home and take home. Stacks of other
souvenirs. Sanborn, Vail & Co,, "741 Mar
ket-street. •
Souvenir Writing Papers.
McDowell Post of East St. Louis and
an unattached party from Illinois arrived
to-day. The veterans numbered about 2f>\
to-morrbtr thelepeciar train bearing:
headquarters officials of the G. A. R. and
posts : of Pennsylvania will arrive here.
The party will Include about 400 persons,
and in addition several other parties and
delegations are expected.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 11-Membcrs. of
the Grand ATmy of the Republic continue
to arrive In L©9 Angeles from East
ern points" in large numbers en route to
the " National Encampment at San Fran
cisco.
Many Veterans En Route.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Aug IX—
Henry Alvin Minis, whose appointment
to an assistant professorship in the de
partment of economics was announced
early last spring, arrived at the univer
sity to-day and will take up his position
in the Stanford faculty at the approach-
Ing opening of college.
Joins the' Faculty of Stanford.
YOSEMITE VALLEY.
Hold«rs of O. A. R. Tickets Tike Ad
vantage of th* Santa. FVs
Low Ratt.
123 90-Round trio over the dovfcle loop
In one way and out another, to Yosemlte
Valley, through two groves of Jig Trees
without extra expense or side rip. The
most scenic way to Yosemite. Kino cou
pon, tickets covering total expmse. rail
stage and meal*: 5 days. $34 £• 7 davV
S3» SO; Wdays, *42 00. Make r«er4tiOM a-1
% nce : E ul1 * nfo "natlon and olden at
Santa Fe office. Ml Market stret. •
By an, error the story published In The
Call yesterday of the presence In the city
of the patriarch of veterans gave his
name as "Charles A." Clark of Amador
County. The correct name of the distin
guished old BoMler is W. O. Clark, arid
desiring that a gallant warrior should
receive the full mead of well earned credit
The Call makes this correction.
With Proud Record.
W. 0. Clark Is Name of Warrior
PATRIARCH OF VETERANS.
It has been suggested by Captain Thom
as of •¦ Appomattox Post that the Grand
Army posts of this city act as escort. to
the visiting veterans and march from the
foot of Broadway to the Willows.
The ladles of Appomattox Relief Corps
and Lyon Relief Corps will attend to the
preparation of the luncheon to be served
to the veterans and their families. The
committee has secured a , store room at
305 Twelfth street for Thursday, AugCst
20, and It requests that roast meats chick
ens, sandwiches, cakes and pies be sent
to that address on the day preceding the
reception.
OAKLAND, Aug. 13.— Representatives
of Appomattox. Lyon and Porter posts.
Grand Army of the Republic, were pres
ent to-day at a meeting of the executive
committee of the Alameda day reception
to the veterans of the Grand Army in an
swer to a communication asking If any
representative of their posts had been
authorized to make any collections for
the purpose of defraying the expenses of
the reception.
It was reported to the committee that
persons representing themselves as Grand
Army men had been soliciting funds in
Oakland,- in one case receiving a donation
of JoO from a local corporation.
' The representatives pi the Grand Army
posts were emphatic In their statements
that no one had been authorized to make
any collections In the name of any post
in Oakland, and they branded all such
solicitors as rank impostors.
The only solicitors who aje authorized
to make any collections for the Grand
Army fund carry books *slgned by J. W.
Evans, chairman of the executive com
mittee: Theodore Gler, chairman of the
finance committee, and Edwin Stearns,
secretary of the reception committee. 1
The committees in charge of the pre
liminary arrangements are hard at work
perfecting the programme for the recep
tion of the veteran*, and the funds for
the entertainment are still coming in. The
remaining time, however, is short' and so
much still remains to be done that It will
keep the committee busy getting things
in shape by August 21. •
There are many of the citizens who
have promised to furnish cake and fruit
for the lunch to be served at the Willows,
but fo far none has offered the needed
meats and chickens. Unless the- matter
is taken up soon this part of the refresh
ment will have to be omitted.
IMPOSTORS ARE EXPOSED.
On Tuesday evening the annual conven
tion will be held and officers elected for
the ensuing year.
. On Wednesday evening there will be a
grand reunion of all veterans of the
Spanish war who may be In the city. A
campflre will be a feature of the reunion.
The members of Camp Reinholci Richter
of San FranciBCo will furnish ah elabor
ate feast for all who attend, prominent
men will address the gathering and a
musical programme will be rendered.
All army or navy. veterans of the Span
ish war are Invited to attend the reun
ion and tickets of admission will be is
sued at the committee headquarters, 19
New Montgomery street, to veterans on
presentation of their discharge papers.
Tickets can also be secured at the arm
ory on Ellis etreet.
The young veterans are requested to
take part in the Civil War veterans' pa
rade, and the Grand Army executive com
mittee hopes for a loyal response -to the
call.
The executive committee; of the enr
rampment of the Grand Army is desirous
that a general holiday be celebrated next
Wednesday, when the big military pa
rade will take place. A number of promi
nent business houses will. give .their, em
ployer a half holiday, and It is hoped that
others will follow suit.
The San Francisco Planing Mill - Own
ers' Association at its recent meeting
The programme of the Spanish-Ameri
can War Veterans Includes a meeting of
the members of the Department of Cali
fornia next Monday evening at the arm
ory of the First Artillery, N, G. C, 615
Ellis street, which is to be the headquar
ters of the veterans of the last war.
The executive committee of the Span
ish-American War Veteran* will meet the
executive committee Of the Grand Army
of the Republic Encampment this even
ing at the Grand Hotel and present Its
programme for the ensuing week.
The young war veterans will hold their
fourth national encampment and will take
part in the parades of the Civil War vet
erans.
PROGBAMME FOR WEEK.
Members of the Grand Army of the
Republic residing in the interior counties
of California are working heroically to
make an elaborate display of the re
sources of the State. Word was received
from Sacramento, San Jose, Santa Rosa
and other points yesterday that many
carloads of fruit and flowers would be
sent to San Francisco next week for dis
tribution among the veterans and their
friends.
pared in honor of the Grand Army En
campment, to which all visitors to the en
campment are most cordially invited. This
service will be held next Sunday evening.
August 16. at 7:45 o'clock, in the Howard
street Methodist Church, between Second
and Third streets, and just two blocks
back of the Palace Hotel. The pastor.
Rev. A. C. Bane, will deliver a patriotic
sermon on the theme, "Sacrifice the Price
of Liberty," and a musical programme
will be rendered.
unanimously decided to close their plants
next Wednesday to give their workmen
an opportunity to take part In the pa
rade and to witness the procession.
Great Efforts Are Made to Complete
Details of Encampment.
General Stewart, the commander In
chief of the Grand Army, will arrive to
morrow evening via the Santa Fe road.
He is accompanied by his staff and a
number of prominent officers who served
In the Civil War. The train bearing Gen
eral Stewart is due to arrive at 6:45 p. m..
and a special ferry-boat will leave the
Santa Fe wharf at 4 p. m. for Point Rich
mond carrying the executive and recep
tion committees of the encampment. The
commander. Ini chief will be escorted
across the bay | and to the quarters re
served for him and his staff at the Pal
ace Hotel..
General Black is a "sure wfnner," ac
cording to the veterans already in San
Francisco, unless General Miles announces
himself a candidate for the position.
General Miles and General Thomas J.
Stewart, commander In chief of the Grand
Army, are scheduled to arrive In San
Francisco to-morrow. General Miles is
traveling In a private car attached to a
regular overland train. He Is accompa
nied by six Civil War veterans who were
on his staff during the memorable strug
gle between the North and South. Quar
ters have been reserved for him and his
party at the Palace Hotel. He will be
met on his arrival by members of the
local reception committee of the encamp
ment and escorted to his hotel.
General Black has the Indorsement of
many State departments for the honored
post of commander In chief of the Grand
Army. He was a candidate one year ago
at the Washington Encampment, but gave
way for General Stewart, the present
head of the Civil War Veterans" organiza
tion.
Grand Army of the Republic, will
arrive in San Francisco to-day, escorted
by the headquarters of the Illinois Depart
ment of the Civil War veterans.
The "Illinois G. A. R. special" is sched
uled to arrive this morning, and a delega
tion of the local executive committee of
the forthcoming encampment will meet
the distinguished officer at the ferry and
escort him to nte quarters at the Palace
Hotel.
Benson Woods, commander of the De
partment of Illinois, G. A. R., with his
staff will arrive on the special train, and
a number of the members of the Woman s
Relief Corps are with the party.
GENERAL JOHN C. BLACK of Illi
nois, who is looked upon as the
next commander in chief of the
PROMINENT PHYSICIAN'S ATTACHED TO THE GRAND ARMY WHO
WILL RENDER MEDICAL AND SURGICAL AID TO THE HEROES OF
THE CIVIL WAR DURING THE ENCAMPMENT.
Famous Generals
Journeying to
the Coast.
The secretary was instructed to send a
letter to President Roosevelt asking him
to put a stop to army band3 Interfering
with the work of civilian organizations.
It Is claimed that the army musicians
play for less money and are In rompeti
tion with the local musicians. This letter
is to be signed by the Mayor of this city
and by the president of the Musicians'
Mutual Protective Union.
The motion was th« rr **_•> to declar*
the entire encampment unfair, and it was
carried by a unanimous vote. Th» chair
man appointed a committee composed of
A. Slchel. E. W. Kent and F. Borgel to
notify the' executive committee of the
Grand Army of Ita action. Another com
mittee composed of Charles Schurert. J.
A. Kehoe and E. Magnus was appointed
to visit other nnlons and secure their co
operation in tha strike.
"We niu3t do it ourselves." said a Had
ing rnerab«r. "We can co b«for« the
Electrical Wcrktm and tav? thera n«lp
us. The. carpenters- ar» puttlru: u? th«
arch »nd w» can arwa! to their unicn.
Let us mafe* » Cx&t and £0 this our
selves." Tbi» UttI* s7««ch was gre«;«d
with loud applause.
committee In charge agrees
to the * propositions laid down by
the Musicians' Mutual Protective Union.
At a meeting held yesterday afternoon
the organization took a firm, stand
against th*» action of the Grand Army
officials hiring army bands 1 to play In the
parade. The Musicians' Union has de
clared the coming encampment "unfair."
and a committee composed of three mem
bers has been directed to visit other un
ions and secure their co-operation. ( Their
plan ia to have the carpenters ; at/work
on thp arch called off and to have the
linemen withdrawn who are putting up
the electric lights to illumine the streets.
A further attempt will be made to have
the Hacktaen's Union indorse their strili*?*
and refuse to permit their members from.
hauling veterans fn the parade.
The meeting yesterday was a stormy
one. Th«re were members present who
did not desire a general strike declared,
as they had already secured contracts
to plav at various entertainments dur
ing the week. There was a loud cry
against the contract holders. The ma
jority wanted the Grand Army people
brought up with a round turn and they
did not care whether outside organiza
tions suffered cr not. The grand concert
which Is scheduled to be held In Me
chanics' Pavilion on Wednesday evening
will not take place unless a compromise
is reached. Professor Steindorff was en
gaged to lead seventy-flve tinlon musi
cians, but under the ruling of the union
they cannot take part.
Secretary J. H. Keosri of the Musi
cians' Mutual Protective Union delivered
a lengthy addres3. in which he explained
what he had done to bring about a set
tlement of the present trouble. He «.»: !
he warned the committee of the Grartrl
Army Encampment that the union, migh.:
take radical measures. He said he wa3
asked what the uhion might do. and fee
told the committee that It might make
an attempt to spoil the encampment so
far as it lay In their power. He told
them that Professor Steindorff would net
be permitted to lead the concert, nor
would the musicians be permitted to play.
"I told the committee." said Keogr:.
"that they might get the army bands
tc play out thera at a less rate, and or*
of the committee replied that they could
not secure the right kind of musicians.
I told them we would call out the elec
tric linemen. I told the committee that
sinc^ th« Stats Legislature had voted
C5.0CO for the encampment »sd another
120.000 had been donated by the citizens
of this city the musicians had a pe^tscz
right to receive some consideration a:
the hands of the committee."
At the conclusion of the secretary** ex
planation one cf the members m i» a
motion to declare the Grand Army En
campment unfair, ia order to sto;> ail
army bands playing during the •nesmr
ment; and further, that tne entire mat
ter be brought up b«fcre the Labor Coun
cil for further action. This 'motion w»
debated at great length. Sora* of tn»
members objected to the La>3r Council
taking a hand, as it would not take *c
tlcn until lortir after th« encscn?n3«Tit was
over. They desired that trie union make
Its own ftsat.
UNION musicians will not discourse
melody during the coming Grand
Army Encampment, unless the
A branch postonice has been opened at
the information bureau and It will remain
open for ten days for the accommodation
of the members of the Grand Army and
their friends.
The United Railroads has made ar
rangements for handling the large crowds
of visitors next week. Extra cars will
be placed on all the Market-street lines
and electric lines leading to the main
thoroughfare. The all night service on
Ellis. Eddy. O'Farrell and Mission streets
will be operated on a fifteen-minute
schedule. Inspectors will be stationed at
various street corners and flagmen at the
car crossings In order to Insure the eafe
ty of passengers on the street cars.
The veterans of the Fourteenth New
York Heavy Artillery will hold a reunion
on Tuesday afternoon, August 18, at the
post hall of George H. Thomas Post No.
2, 330 Post etreet, opposite Union Square,
at 1 t- th. Veterans who' are ' attending
the National Encampment of the G. A.
R. in Ean Francisco are invited to at
tend. Ample arrangements for the en
tertainment of visiting comrades and
their friends have been made by Com
rades William A.' Tread well and Url Me-
Kee.
A special patriotic service has been' pre-
Many of the members of these two or
ders have been detailed to go to point.-?
close to San Francisco and meet the In
coming delegates, while others are on
duty at the Ferry building and at Third
and Townsend streets In order to direct
delegates to hotels and lodgings.
At the bureau of Information at 19 New
Montgomery etrcet the work Is being car
ried on by members of the two orders
named. . ".' ¦
Valuable assistance Is being rendered
to the executive committee of the en
campment by the local members of the
Sons of Veterans and those of the Span
ish-American War Veterans. ; .A,
WILL MEET DELEGATES.
The committee In charge of the military
parades has almost finished its work and
will have lte programme ready to-day.
The committee fs hopeful that the mil
itary parades will be the finest ever seen
in this city.
The ornamental flag poles ar» already in
place on Market street for four blocks
and will be decorated with banners,
streamers and bunches of flags. Lines of
electric globes have been strung across
the street between the poles with hanging
etrings of lamps at each end.
The executive committee of the en
campment Intended to have the poles
placed along Market street from the fer
ry to Van Ness avenue, but lack of funds
compelled a change In the plans of deco
ration.
The work of decorating Market street Is
progressing rapidly and it is expected
that the arches at Third and Market
streets will be complete by Sunday night.
One of the arches is now in place and the
marine riggers are working day and night
to- get the second arch erected without
delay. The contractor has notified the
executive committee of the encampment
that he will have the two arches fully
completed before Monday morning.
General George Stone of the executive
committee yesterday issued an urgent ap
ptal to the citizens of San Francisco to
contribute to the entertainment fund and
also to decorate their houses and business
places.
Subscriptions have not been sent in as
freely as the executive . committee ex
pected and those in charge of tne encamp
ment earnestly hope that donations will
be forthcoming to make up the amount
absolutely required to entertain the vet
erans of the Civil War during the com
ing week.
Up to last evening the total of subscrip
tions were as follows:
Amount heretofore reported. $23,706 25: em
ployes Tax Collector's office. $19 SO; employes
Assessor's office, $30; employes Almshouse.
$17; employes Recorder's office, $21: employes
Sheriff's office. $5«: W. H. Wharff, $20; Union
Iron Works, $25: "Wll llama -Dl mend Company.
$2<»; William Cluff Company. $20? Pcpe 4 Tal
bot. $30; 'P. J. Wenlger $100: Jules Levy &
Brother. $20; Heyman Bros.. $25; Samuel W.
Heller. $10: Shreve A Co.. $50: Fan Franclwco
Planing Mill Owners' Association. $20: Good
year Rubber Company (second contribution),
$25; Thomas Reimke. $5; Rottanirs, $5; Georg-
W. Reid. $5; H. Rhoaden. $5: George T. Shaw,
$3; Smith ft Pringle, $5: James A. Screnaen
Company. tZ; W. T. Smith & Son. $5; B. C.
Thunton. $5; G. F. Kevin. $5; D. C. C. Baker.
$5; Berwln & Gasner Co., $5; Boesch Lamp
Company. $5; Meyer Conn. $3: Ben Cohn. $5;
George Dawion. $5; Doblee & Hagler, $5; J.
H. Dcanln, $5; Dewey, Strong A. Co.. $3;ThO7na*
Downing, $5: Fisher & Co.. $5: Hawley & Son.
$5; The Hollywood. $3; Herbert A Vogel. $5;
Helbir.g Hat Company. J5: A. B, Hunt, $5; J.
F. Hutter $5; total, $24,271 75.
and tourist cars are now heading across
the continent, bearing the Grand Army
delegates and their friends. One hundred
and ninety-eight of these cars are "spe
cials" and are attached to regular trains
and carrying 2ff70 people.
The various special trains due here In
the next three days consist of 177 cars,
crowded to their capacity.
Conservative estimates figure that 15.000
people will come to San Francisco on the
special trains and special party cars and
that another 15,000 will journey to Califor
nia on regular trains. With the delega
tions that will come from nearby points
in California San Francisco Is sure to wel
come nearly 33,000 strangers within her
gates next week.
DECORATING PROGRESSING.
Stephen M. Long, adjutant general 'ot
the national organization and department
commander of the Grand Army of New
Jersey, is due to arrive In this city Mon
day morning.
Colonel Walker was a member of the
Twentieth Army Corps, a part of Sher
man's forces, when he was taken pris
oner while the famous march "from At
lanta to the sea" was drawing to a close.
He was confined In LJbby and Danville
prisons. He has served two terms as
commander of the national organization
of Union ex -Prisoners of War. -
We have a membership of about 8000. which
Is ret resented In every State and Territory la
the Union and in Canada. In California tber*
Is an organization, but seemingly It his not
thrived very well — a fact that w» will look
Into during the encampment week.
Colonel Walker stated that the pro
gramme for the campflre has not yet
been completed, but he gave assurance
that It will be an interesting event, and
will include speeches by the more notable
members of the G. A. R. delegates, among
them being General Black. Governor Xash
of Ohio. Harry Palmer, General Chipman
and others. As to the number of ex-pris
oners who will attend the encampment the
commander was unable* to suggest, but
he expressed the opinion that the repre
sentation will be very large, adding:
In refpmni to the horror* of Andersonville
I would like to add that I do so only la refer
ence to what we are doing to perpetuate the
grounds as a historical ssot and not as a re
minder of the hardships that we experienced
there. The soldiers of the North and South
are no longer arrayed against each other. We
are brothers Interested In a common cause, and
recall* the war with no feeltnsrs of harshness.
Its Incidents are cloeeU. and U Is in recogni
tion of this fact that the Union srtsoners. at
their annual campflres. deal In no discussions
of the oast that would tend to offend thc*a
gallant soldiers, who considered that their In
terests lie within the cause of the Confederate
array. Our carjyflre at this encampment will
be held in Lyric Hall on Tuesday evening, and
we hope that all prisoners of war, whether or
not they belong to the national association,
will attend the affair.
GOOD WEL PREVAILS.
ERECT MONUMENTS.
Two other States, Rhode Island and Michigan,
have lately, in their Legislatures, voted appro
priations tor similar testimonials of recogni
tion of the men who died within the prison
f.-alls. Their motiume:.H.«. I believe, will be
erected in the National Cemetery. It Is hoped
to encourage ether Slates to follow In this
commendable move which cur organization
is endeavoring to encourage.
Another matter that will be discussed by us
will be plans for the improvement and preser
vation of Provident Spring, the history of
which Is one of the most marvelous Incidents
of the late war. In the midst of the suffer
ings of the Cnlon soldiers who were huddle-J
together In the Andersonville pen. where wa
ter was the crying need of the sick and craved
for by the stronger prisoners, there suddenly
came through the ground a clear spring of
water, which eliayed much suffering. It haa
flowed ever since, and has been regarded by
many an old soldier as living evidence of a
wartime miracle. The Woman's Relief Corp»
has already surroundtd the mouth of th«
sprinK with a stone wall and covered this with
a canopy, under which there has been erected
by our national association a $S00O fountain
and a stone receptacle for the clear water. W«
hope to maintain this Interesting spot in re
membrance of the succor given, to the pris
oners In those awful days of hunger, thirst and
unrest. The ; prisoners of war peaaloa bill,
which has been submitted to Congress several
times, but unfortunately withheld by the com
mittees, will also receive some attention at
the comlnx session.
During the encampment week the Union
ex-Prisoners of War will have their head
quarters at Lyric Hall, where, on Monday
morning, they will assemble for the first
time. On Tuesday the organization will
take part in the Grand Army parade and
in the afternoon the members will be
called Into annual conclave for the elec
tion of new officers and the transaction
of general business. In discussing the
proceedings. last evening. Colonel Walker
said:
One of the principal subjects that will come
up for consideration by the organization will
be plans for encouraging the various States
to erect monuments or memorials on the site
of the old Andersonville Prison. New Jersey
has erected a monument In the National Cem
etery there; Pennsylvania has also contributed
a memorial, and on the ground where the old
prJion /("en stood, now designated as Prison
Park. Ohio and Massachusetts have paid a
tribute to the patience and endurance of the
thousands of Union soldiers during the trying
days of their incarceration. 1:1 the shape ot
magnificent monuments.
organization composed mainly of
men who endured the hardships of Ander
sonville, LJbby and Danville prisons dur
ing the fearful struggle between the North
and South, arrived from the East yester-,
day with his wife and Is registered at the
Grand Hotel. Although the organization
which Colonel Walker represents is neces
sarily smaller than the Grand Army body,
it had always been an Important factor in
the annual encampments of the latter, and
it is expected that it will be largely repre
sented here next week.
COLONEL, J. D. WALKER of Pitts
burg, national commander of the
Union ex-Prisoners of War, an
Funds Are Wanted
by Reception
Committee.
Arrival of Com
mander of War
Prisoners.
LIST OF ARRIVALS.
The list of those who arrived on the spe
cial train is as follows:
C. W. May *ad wlf«, Jaaes May and wife,
V - '. *.» -• r. J. !. E. D*wjron s_ni wt/e. S.
Mundtn *n<i wife. MIj^mi McKktw. J. Phil
lips. Ecna. Brock, J. McCorrosck, iiitr Keifer.
Alexander Mitchell. A. J. Lur.b, Mrs. Eckel
km», Mr*. Gool, Mrs. Ruch, \V. B. Bran and
wife. T. F. n«m ar.4 wife, Hisses Din'.ey, I*.
II. Meyers acd wife. W. N. McOovern. D. Me-
Coy and wife. Jacob Seafler ar.d wife, J. H.
Douthett and wife. T. M. Tapper. D. McWil-
Ilarr.R. Martin Kha.3er. Mr. Henry and farr.llr,
Mr. HcfTninn. Mr. Chaoman. George McWJl
hurr.r. B. R. Lauffer. James R>>«Ki, Mrs. J. H.
Heclenor.. E. G. Campbell &n<l wife, Joseph
L. Kelly, John Rudolph. J. J. McDermott,
wife and dauctter. D*vi4 NIchol, H. O. C.
Oehlmer and wife. C. M. BoUford and mother,
I!r5. Alice MKThesrey. L. C. Greaves and
wife. M:m Ret^cca Oochran, Mrs. Scoles. Rob
ert Ker.n*-^}. L.. T. Cochran ar.d wife. Dr.
FhnfTor end » tfe, W.iW. Rankln. wife and
daughter. N. L. K!lne. W. E. Conroy ar.d wife.
C. V. Rurt ar.d wife. Mifs MeOomb*. Mr».
Ar.ai STooda, Mi5« Ea.«ter. G. \V. Magrsi. Sarn-
Ufl Sr-ott. Colonel J. D. Walkf-r end wife, C.
trCbert. II. E. Grace, U. D. Howard. M. L.
Harbison, wife and daughter: E. E. Shel
liberppr end wife; J. S. Elwar. wife and
<aerht»r. Peter Ptackhouse an<3 wife. T. Goln.
John l>cng. J. McMuIlen, Pentecost
ir.4 wife. P. R. Donahoe and wife, \Y. Slater
ar.d uife, <harle« Rust ar.d wife. Mies Eich
m'.iler, Mi5M>(i Carg-o, C. F. Herr ar.d wife,
I» EL C. Wineiand. L. Dietrich. Ed Hartrnan.
Philip Pjerman. John ar.d Arthur Ward, J.
Harrison arti m-lfe, J. T>nny anJ wife, W.
E. Lais. B. K. Coll. Pquire Shaffer. H. K.
Bontley. C G. Andenea. D. S. Greis. F". B.
Wtckenham, A. M. Gr^cr. John P.. Booher.
C. Gro.»*. J. A. Loar and wife, J. C. Stewart
trA wife. Mir* F:sh«-r. Hits VW.ods, A. M.
Bryan. Mr*. Morcan, Fred Ker.n»<Jy, Mrs.
Fr.rtune. J. H. Cochran and wife. Mi?* S.T.lth,
Mr* Anijr McP.oberts Mrs. Srsar Mrs. Mc-
Canrey. Mrs. Henry. Mrs. tVak«fiili.
From Washinrton. Pa. — A. T. Aridtrson. J.
L. Henderreri.' F. O. Pr.oigra«s. tr. P.oberts,
A. J. DenU*r..C. L. Kieida.
FVonj Johnstown — Thojr.a* J. Ptarl, David
J'r.kins acl irn. David Bse. Xorm^.n Doubt.
Jarr.e? llocre. John Berry. Aaron Bavig and
Ma, 9,'OlUm Earkiey. George Stntzman, W.
W. Cope, Hugh Bradley ar.d wife, M. L. Smith
ar.d wife, jimct V. Smith and wife, E. L.
Cook ar.d trUe. Peter F. Dowlinr aiid wife.
VISITORS FKOM OHIO.
A larse contingent of delesates and vis
itor* from Ohio arrived yesterday morn-
Ing, and aecured quarters at the Occi
denta.1 Hotel. The party was in charge of
D. S. Wilder, delegate-at-Iarge from the
Department of Ohio and division passen
ger agcr.t of the Baltimore and Ohio Rail
road at Columbus, Ohio. Those in the
party were as follows:
A. Theob«U and wtf«\ Mrs. Lawrence and
fon. iSlrt Mattie Moore. Mrs. F. Melvin ar.d
<l*uj5hter. Koni'-o Grtgif and wife. A. C. Man.
Urs- S. J. Man, Dr. G. V.". B«-"»*t and wife.
Or S. Gordon. William Hulinjr, Mrs. M. Enj?er
ctf and t-oa. C. M. R!?*» and wife. D. Spencer
«id wife. G. W. Pattereon and wife, Charles
H<:rrick. W. R. Marlot, John Marlot. Mrs. B.
K. Styl/-«. Dl i*. Wilder and wife. O. B. Erandt
and »ife. J. W. Barrett and wife. W. R. Rnh
r.er and wife, Mr«. L. 5L Adams. F. M. Harts
horn. J. A. Grer«r. J. R. Stimel. Mlsa Ani!da
Pop*. C"arrie Crum, Mrs. H. Geren, L. H. Innis
»>nd wife and sen. O. W. Gardner and wife,
5!rs. M. M. Gartner and son. Colatnbus, O. ;
r'r.ior.'l A., A. Tartar and wife. A. Cochran,
Mrs. Fitchpatrick Mr. A. C. Ralne, Cambridge.
O. : ilits P.ettle Ritt. Clrcl«\ille. O.; Dr. C. B.
Holeorr.b and wife. Coming, O. ; G. W. I>od«te
«nd wife. Seville, O. : Mrs. Eraorene Marshall,
FeniJusJcy. O. : L. P. Holcon-.b and wife, Malta;
T*»»r:i Hiwy and brother. Etna. O. : F. C.
Kmr end wif». Nem-ark. O. : Nlllison Lelst ana
mife. CtrcJevillr. O. ; W. Mitchell and wife.
7»iff=vi;ie. r». : Mrs. Bennett. Mestervllle, O. :
Kin En-.rr.a Tour.g. Athens, O.
TWO THOUSAND HEBE.
Thf regular overland trains and those
from the north ar.d south also brought in
largp numbers of delegates to the en
campment. At the registration bureau on
Nf* Montgomery street it was stated
yrstf rday that the "advance | guard" of
the dcU-gatcK numbered more than 2000.
A p^rfrct rp?rifltration of all delegates will
r.ot b*> possible until the various State
and AepmrtXatnt headquarters are opened
next Monday.
According to the reports from various
railroad officials the majority of the dele
gate? are f-chrduU-d to arrive in San
Francisco on Sunday and Monday next
The railroad companies are having some
trouble with the moving of special trains
from the East, as the bulk of the visit
ors have rr-mainrd over in other cities and
th«* time e^hedul?s have all gone awry.
Tfcp contingent of veterans from Iowa
Is coming to California in three special
trains, the first of which is due to arrive
In Fan Francisco this morning.
Colonel L: B. Raymond, commander of
the Dfpartmrr.t of Iowa, Is on the tpecial
train due here this morning. He is ac
comr*niPd by his staff and with his com
rades will make his headquarters at the
Palace Hotel.
Three hundred and eeventy-flve Pullman
Grand Army of the Republio are
to be completed, and the various head
quarters in San Francisco presented a
busy scene yesterday.
A large number of the delegates /md
l£e!r friends have arrived In the city, and
from now on until the c pen ins of the en
campment next Monday a steady stream
of humanity will pour Into the city by
the Golden Gate from aU points of the
republic.
The first special train to reach San
Francisco rolled Into the Oakland mole
last evenly, bringing 300 persons from
the Slate of Pennsylvania. The majority
of the visitors came from Allegheny City
and consisted of members of Abe Patter
son Post No. SS, Commander J. U Snook
b«>ing In charge. The delegates and their
friends have traveled in a leisurely man
ner and have stopped at many points to
visit old friends and to "see the sights."
The special train was met at Oakland
fcy Sons of Veterans detailed to receive
the city's guests and escort them to San
Francisco and help them In every possible
ir.ar.ner to secure accommodations.
0N"LT three days remain In which
all the details for the Thirty-sev
enth Annual Encampment of the
Citizens Prepare
Greetings for
Veterans.
THE SAK FEAKCISCO CALL, FRIDAV, AUGUST 14. 1903.
THOUSANDS OF GALLANT HEROES ADVANCE UPON THE METROPOLIS
AND THE AIR IS FILLED WITH RECITAL OF DEEDS OF VALOR DONE
Musicians' Union
Vote to Go on
Strike.
Soldiers of '6 1
Crowd City's
Streets.
Encampment De
clared to Be
"Unfair."
CANNOT COMPLY
WITH DEMANDS
OF MUSICIANS
•
WHEREAS, the Musicians'
Union has." by its com
mittee", presented to the
executive committee ot
the Thirty-seventh National En
campment of the G. A. R.
certain demands concerning the
employment of bands and music
for the entertainment of the
Grand Army during the com
ing ncek, and ha3 informed the
chairman of this executive com
mittee that it will use all its in
fluence to frustrate the work of
preparation and the success of
the encampment if the demands
of the Musicians' Union are not
complied with: and
Whereas, these demands are
such that the Grand Army of the
Republic, in honor and with due
Regard to obligations to its sub
organizations, and to the people
of San Francisco and the State
of California, cannot accept;
therefore.
Resolved. That the committee
from the Musicians' Union be
respectfully informed that thi3
executive committee i3 unable to
complv with such demands.
' GEO. STOXE.
Chairman.
WILLIAM E. LUTZ.
Secretary.
San Francisco, Aug. 13, 1Q0.1
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Don't Buy
Diamonds
Until you have R*>*n the only successful
profluct of Rcience. Sapph-Diamonds
These gems, while only imitations, are
etich near fac rimiles of the genuine that
they are demonstrated side by / side with
real diamonds. Never Bold uy electric
lights. Cut by diamond workers with ex-
act number of facets, and show the pris-
matic fire as the real. Having been
brought to such a HARDNESS by heat
and pressure that they are guaranteed fo
- ear and retain their brilliancy for twen-
ty-five years. To be cleaned same as gen-
uine diamonds. No foil or paste back.
BEWARE OF ANT ONE offering Mr
eale this gem. They can be procured at
bu£ one place on the Pacific Coast, 124
K«-arny street. S. F. Reconstructed ru-
bies, emeralds, sapphires and pearls «f
phenomenal workmanship.
J. C. DAVIDSON
World's greatest diamond imitator.
Instructions for Framing
"THE OLD ARMY CHEST,"
NEXT SUNDAY'S
ART SUPPLEMENT:
Frame in three-inch plain-
scooped gilt or three-inch Flem-
ish brown and burnished gold.NEWARK. N. J., Aue. 13.— Edmund J.
Fmlth. former discount clerk in the Merchants'
National Bank of this city, who !s accused
ot having stolen $29,000 from the bank, has
been arrested In Williams. V&-r according to
a dispatch received by the 'police here. -
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 13.— Warren Mathie
eon of Healdsburg was arrested to-day
and charged with burglary. He Is ac
cused of entering the cigar store of A.
Gleichman, in Healdsburg Wednesday
night and removing goods therefrom to
the extent of $25. He confessed the crime
to City Marshal Parker, and practically
all of me goods were recovered.
Burglar Confesses -His Guilt.
OL.YMPIA. Wash.. Aug. 13.— Governor
•McBride to-day refused to honor requisi
tion papers from the Governor of Ohio for
the return to that State of Paul, Watelet.
a mining engineer and promoter, who Is
under custody in Spokane on the charge
of obtaining money by false pretenses.
The charge grew out of a mining deal,
and Governor McBride in refusing requl
pitipn took the ground that it was an at
tempt to collect a private debt.
Refuses to Honor the Requisition.
The Jnsult to the rich widow Tevls. Read
the Wasp's gossip. , / }¦:•';
SEATTLE, Aug. 13.— Duncan Courage,
an iron worker, was killed In the ship
yards of Moran Bros. Company this
morning. Courage was working on a
scaffold inside of the battleship Nebraska.
Another workman attempted to step by
Courage and missed his footing. He
grabbed Courage and both the men fell
a distance of sixty feet.. Courage struck
first and hrs partner Tell on top of him.
Courage was killed, but his partner was
scarcely hurt.
Workman Is Killed on the Nebraska.
TRAINMEN LEAP
INTO A STREAM
/
Wreck of Engine and
Cars Caused by a
Cloudburst. -
Returns East in Improved Health.
STANFORD ?UNIVERSITY, Aug. 13.—
Professor Clark B. Whittler, formerly a
member of the law faculty of this univer
sity, returned to Chicago University to
day to resume his work there as a pro
fessor In the law school. After taking an
A. B. in law at Stanford In 1893 Professor
Whittier went to Harvard and there was
given the degree of LL..B. in 1896.
He was called to the Stanford faculty
shortly afterward, a position which h»
gave up a year ago to become a member
of the Chicago University faculty. Ill
health made it necessary for him to re
turn quickly to California, but he has
sufficiently recovered now to begin again
his work in the Illinois metropolis.
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art.
Magnificent exhibition, paintings and
sculpture. Open daily. Admission 25c.
California and Mason streets. •
Accused of Abducting His Niece.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 13.— Angelina Capl
tana. a 15-year-old girl, has been arrested
by Constable J. H. Roswell on a charge
of vagrancy preferred by her father. The
father has also caused the arrest of hia
brother, Alexandro Capitana, on a charge
of abduction. Ine prisoner, who is said
to have a wife in Europe, is accused of
abducting his niece. The vagrancy charge
made against the girl Is to take her away
from her uncle by legal force, parental
persuasion having failed to accomplish
the desired result.
TOPEKA, Kans., Aug. 13.— The engine,
mail car and baggage car of the Texas
express on the Rock Island, which leaves
Topeka at midnight, went through a
bridge across Hcndricks Creek near
Alma at 1:30 o'clock this morning, kill
ing John L. Eggett, fireman, of McFar
land, Kans., and seriously injuring Engi
neer John McStean of Kansas City. The
baggagemen and express messengers
jumped when the shock came and were
swept' bv the waters Jnto the treetops,
whence they were rescued at day
light by William Graves, a fisherman.
Graves also found the engineer uncon
scious and entancled in the limbs of a
tree. dil^? ' • '
The engine is in the bottom of the
creek, out of sight. One car is dangling
from the end of the bridge and another
is lodged on the bank of the stream par
tially under water. That loss of life did
not follow is due to the narrowness of
tho stream where the disaster occurred.
A cloudburst had filled the .« creek and
weakened the bridge.
None of the passengers were hurt, as
the coach remained on the rails.
Passenger train No. 13, which the wreck
ed train had passed at McFarland, was
following close and only the prompt ac
tion of Conductor Cane and flagman Me-
Gruder prevented a collision from- the
rear.
The night was a wild one and the force
of the current, the darkness and the driv
ing rain, together with the- cries for help
of those in the water, combined to make
a dismal scene. The rescuing party built
fires along the bank, and did everything
in its power to locate the men in the
water. Some attempted to swim to the
unfortunates, but soon landed in trees and
were compelled to give up. Farmers final
ly came to the rescue at daylight with
.boats secured, two miles up the* stream
and hauled to^ the wreck in wagons.
Arrested for Murder.
- CHEYENNE, Wyo.. Aug. 13— Patrick J.
McHenry, - 20 ' years of age, whoso home
is in Newark, N." J., was arrested here
to-day on the charge of having murdered
John Neilson at :Blackfoot, Idaho, eight
days ago. • McHenry "denies all knowledge
of the crime, but admits that he passed
through Blackfoot last week.
The province of Ontario produced $547,
000 of nickel last year.
Estimates for Oregon are 75,000 against
80.000 bales last year. The crop of the
.Pacific Coast is estimated at 155,000 bales,
against 170,000 last year.
TACOMA, Aug. 13.— Conditions in the
hop fields are far enoush advanced to
enable growers and dealers to make close
estimates on the crop. Old hops now
bring 20 cents, and contracts for new
hops are being made at 20 cents and up
ward. Good judges say if statistics count
for anything prices are bound to be high
er than at any time since 1S82. It is esti
mated that the crop of Western Wash
ington will be 22.500 bales, that of the
Yakima country 12,500 bales; total for the
State, 35,000 bales, as against 30,000 last
year.
Crop on the Pacific Coast Is Esti
mated to Exceed That, of
Last Year.
WASHINGTON HOP GROWERS
LOOK TOR -BETTER PRICES
The cavalrymen had carbine, saber and
pistol drill and platoon movements. They
have named their camp "Camp Ruhstal
ler," after Captain Ruhstaller or the Gilt
Kdge Brewery of Sacramento, an honor
ary member of the troop.
The inter-regimental football game
came off to-day at Dolphin Park before
a large crowd of spectators. The elevens
had been in training every day since they
struck camp. They were evenly matched
in regard to weight and playing. Clay
Tucker, a Stanford halfback, played at
his old position. L. Sieber, who played
quarterback on the second team, has
played quarter on the Woodland High
School team for several years. C. Hop
pin, the right halfback, is a graduate of
St. Matthew's Academy and was a mem
ber of that team. Fred C. Scott played
quarterback for the Sixth and captained
the team. Charles Howell of Visalia, who
playe right tackle, received his football
training from Orval Overall of the univer
sity and is a clever player..
To-morrow will be the big day of the
camp. Governor Pardee and staff arrived
this evening and he will review the
militiamen to-morrow.
A grand moonlight picnic was held this
evening at the Big TreesL
The Sixth Regiment drilled on their drill
ground.
filled up the day for the soldiers en
camped at Camp Dickinson and Camp
Stone. The Second Regiment marched
through East Santa <truz and down the
coast toward Seabright, where the mem
bers went through an extended order
drill. '
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 13. — Marching,
drilling, a review and a football game
Governor Pardee and Staff Arrive at
Santa Cruz to Review the
Militiamen>
SOLDIER BOYS SPEND
BUSY DAY IN CAMP
L.OS ANGELES, Aug. 13.—Announce
ment was made to-day of the sale of
Hazard's Pavilion by the estate of the
late John H. Jcnes to the Exposition
Company. The price named is $30,083.
Hazard's Pavilion is one of the land
marks of Los Angeles and for many years
has been in use for conventions, con
certs and sporting events.
Landmark of Los Angeles Is Sold.
Cameras and Photo Supplies.
Everything you need in cameras and
I'hoto goods. Tourist* and visitors reason
ably supplied. Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741
Market street. •
L£>S ANGELES. Aug. 13.— Frank A.
Farias, a rancher, was killed by a Santa
Fe passenger train at a crossing two
miles south of Inglewood <;n the Redondo
line. Farias was driving a two-horse
team and failed to hear the approaching
Train. The impact killed both horses and
threw Farias a distance of fifty-five feet,
fracturing his skull and breaking both
legs. A conjpanion escaped uninjured.
Rancher Is Killed by a Train.
On Sur.day. Ansnst "3, the California
Northwestern Railway will run an excur-
Ficn to Ukiah. Each ticket sold insures a
«<*at, for the company will not sell a sin
pie ticket above the number of seats pro
vided. Time of departure from Tiburon
ferry wi'.l be 8:30 a. m.. and from Ukiah
on the return 5 p. m. Train will not stop
in transit. Fare for the round trip only
$2. Tickets will he on sale commencing
Monday, Aupust 17. at ticket offices, 650
Market street (Chronicle building) and
Tiburon ferry. *
Reserved Se&t Hxcursicn
AUSTIN. Tex., Aug. 13.-U was stated
here to-day that H. E. Huntingdon, who
recently purchased all of the Independent
telephone toll lines in Texas, aggregating
1'XK) miles and for which he paid S400.000.
has practically closed negotiations for
the p-Irehas* of the independent telephone
exchanges located in Austin. San Antonio.
Houston. Corficana, Waco, Beaumont ana
bftarly a score of other towns of smaller
rize in this State, Louisiana and Indian
Territory. The amount involved in the
purchase of these several local exchanges
exceeds $3.O0C».».)0.
Social Dispatch to The Call
Great care has been taken in the selec
tion of. the to«vn site and in the platting
of the town, the company wishing to
make it not only a center of Industry, but
also an ideal summer resort. One of the
first steps taken by the company after
the laying out of streets and avenues was
completed was the erection of a number
of dwellings. They are built according to
the latest styles of architecture and are
beautiful and comfortable. A complete
water system is now being put in, and
the town wiil be lighted by electricity. A
banking institution is on the programme
and will be managed by the company. Ar
ticles of incorporation for its establish
ment have been taken out, the capital
stock beins $50,000.
Two mills are now at work near tho
town cutting lumber for the company's
immediate use, and an immense mill
which when completed will have the
largest capacity of any mill in^ Northern
California has been commenced. A brick*,
yard has been established" not far ; from
the town, and before long Sterling City
will be worth while putting on the map.
The Diamond Match Company does not,
aa may bo inferred from its name, manu
facture matches alone. All kinds of fin
ishing material, such as sashes, doors,
etc., are placed upon the market by it.
The directors have selected Chico, the
largest city in Butte County, as the place
where the factories will be located, and
there they will employ about 2000 persons.
A railroad will be run from the factories
into the timber region. The road is in
course of construction, the E. B. & A. L>.
Stone Company of Oakland having the
contract. The distance by rail from Chico
to Sterling City will be thirty-two miles,
and the new town will be about the same
distance from Oroville, the county seat.
The Diamond Match Company has a
number of plants in Eastern States, but
its business is not confined to the United
States alone. It has factories in England,
Germany, Sweden, South Africa, Chile
and elsewhere on the globe. When look
ing out toward the Pacific for timber land
the company managers discovered in Butte
County an immense tract of sugar and
yellow pine which suited them, and they
soon had it in their possession. The land
spreads out over the extremely northern
part- of Butte County and runs into Te
hama and Plumas counties. They decided
to build factories in the valley, but must
have a mountain town for a center of
operations, where sawmills could be es
tablished and business pertaining to the
mountain region would be carried on.
They now have selected a most beautiful
spot on a plateau directly over the West
Branch of the Feather. River, 3500 feet
above sea level, for the site of the new
town.
, OROVILLE, Aug. 13.— put of a forest in
northern Butto County Is springing up a
new town. It is small as yet, but destined
to become a place of considerable size and
importance in the very near future.
Sterling City is the name of the. new.
town, and it owes its inception to the in
auguration of a gigantic lumber enter
prise in Butte County by the Diamond
Match Company. , .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Night Captain Monahan was the only
one in the police station when Black ar
rived with his prisoner. After Instructing
Black to search the man, Monahan turned
to answer the telephone. Schuek then be
gan backing away from Black, and whip
ping out a big revolver, commanded the
officer to stand back under penalty of
death. The officer was bundled up in his
heavy, overcoat and had no chance of
drawing his revolver. When the suspect
got to the door he started out and ran off.
As soon as Black recovered himself he
drew his revolver and started after the
escape.' By that time the man was hoof
ing it down the street. Black fired a shot
at the fugitive, but it only caused him to
increase his speed.
The police are satisfied that the man
was Schuek. He had told Black he was
a railroad man and had offered to show
the officer his union card to prove that
he was all right.
The suspect was eating at the railway
lunch counter when pointed out to Black
and Black took him into custody. He ac
companied the officer peacefully enough to
the station in the patrol wagon.
Shortly after 3 o'clock this morning the
man was pointed out as Schuek to Officer
Black by railway men at the broad-gauge
depot. They stated that he was wanted
for robbing a caboose. Schuek had been
employed by the Southern Pacific Com
pany as a brakeman from July 1 to Au
gust 1 and It is claimed that on Tuesday
last he robbed a caboose in San Fran
cisco.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 13.— A man supposed
to be Thomas L. Schuek, who Is said to be
•wanted for burglary In San Francisco,
made a sensational escape from Police Of
ficer Black at the city police station early
this morning:; As the officer was
about to search him before locking him
up the suspect drew a revolver and
backed out of the door.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Site Is Selected in Northern
Portion of Butte \
County.
Amount Involved in the
Transaction Exceeds
$3,000,000. {
Threatens to Kill Officer if
He Attempts to Stop
His Flight.
Purchases Many Local
Exchanges in
Texas.
Gigantic Lumber Com
pany Behind the New
Corporation.
With Revolver in Hand
He Walks Out of
Prison.
HUNTINGTON BUYS
TELEPHONE LINES
BOLD PRISONER
MAKES ESCAPE
TOWN SPRINGS
UP IN A FOREST
MADRID. Aug. . 13.— Vice Admiral Cervera,
who surrendered to the American fleet off
Santiago de Cuba, has resigned the position
of chief of staff In the navy, /to which he
was appointed In December. 1902.
LONDON 1 , Au£. 13. — F. W. Hammant and
James Hashan, small brokers, have failed.
GEORGETOWN, Ky., Aug. 13.— In the
Powers trial to-day Ed Steffe, a messen
ger boy at Frankfort In 1900, now residing
at Columbus, Ohio, told of being <Jn the
steps of the Capitol at the time of the
shooting of Goebel and seeing a gun bar
rel sticking out of the office of the Secre
tary of State. .'.¦;¦. "¦'.:
New Witness in Powers' Trial.
/
.-> WASHINGTON, Aug. 13.— The Interna
tional Typographical Union began Its ses
sions to-day with a sharp controversy
over a motion to distribute a pamphlet
.prepared by the Newspaper Publishers'
Association in criticism of the union's
conduct* of the printers' strike at Seattle
and Spokane, Wash. Objection was made
to the circulation of the pamphlet on
the ground that it did not bear the union
label, but President Lynch made an earn
est appeal for Its acceptance, and his re
quest was granted by a decided vote.
The convention then, in accordance with
a resolution adopted yesterday, listened
to an address by Frederick Drlscoll, com
missioner of the Publishers' Association,
relative to tha strikes In the State of
Washington. He disclaimed responsibil
ity for the { printing of the publishers'
circular without a label, and then pro
ceeded to read a formal statement, which
was a sharp criticism of the union and
of President Lynch.
Uriscoll said that continuous 'industrial
peace had been enjoyed for more than
two years under the plan of arbitration
adopted by the association and the un
ion, and until the occurrence of the two
strikes at Spokane and Seattle, which
he characterized as "inexcusable," con
tending that the reasons put forth justi
fying those strikes are untenable. He
said that "if arbitration had been ad
hered, to, according to the obligations of
our- agreement there would have been no
strike or disturbance of our friendly re
lations."
Referring to the two cases at issue and
stating his contentions representing them,
Driscoll said the existing agreement
should be respected and the publishers
at Spokane and Seattle restored to the
status quo existing before the strike, and
that they, should proceed under the terms
of the, existing contract to arbitrate and,
finally settle the differences. He closed
with an appeal to the union to do what
he regarded as Its duty. %
Driscoll's speech was received with ap
plause, and the chair announced that it
would be referred to the committee i on
arbitration. He added that when the
committee reported he would make a
statement In which he hoped., to be, able
to show that the merits of • the Wash
ington controversy are not all on one
side.r ;¦'. • .:/; ,. .'¦:¦:- '-¦.. .'¦ ¦ ' ¦ ¦¦
" The convention then listened to an ad-
Strikes at Spokane and
Seattle Are Dis
cussed
PRINTERS CHEER
THEIR CRITIC
The convention adopted an amendment
to thft by-laws providing that when re
quested a representation of tfle Newspa
per Publishers' Association shall be
heard on important "changes In the lawd
affecting their interests.
dress by Martin P. Higgins. president of
the International Printing Pressmen and
Assistants' Union. Higgins said that he
had been at one time a member of the
Typographical Union, and. referring to
Driscoll's address, said ne knew when
all the facts were brought out it would
be a question as to who had broken the
contract In connection with the Washing
ton strike.
The privileges of the floor were also
extended to former President William D.
Prescott of the Typographical Union and
Samuel Gompers, president of the Ameri
can Federation of Labor.
THE SAN FRA1SGISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 14, 1903.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
P H t^H A n^ man y ot^ er painful and serious
I m B 2^ uiell^ s f rom wn i°h most mothers
H S I H e^ su ff er > can e avoided by the use of
BnKta- ¦> wa« "Mfltll£r'8 FrfeBl" This great remedy
We? ffl g^ is a God-send to women, carrying
H ia iba Jara B ordeal with safety and no pain.
No woman who uses ''Mother's Friend" need fear the suffering
and danger incident to birth; for it robs the ordeal of its horror
and insures safety to life of mother and child, and leaves her in
a condition more favorable to speedy recovery. The child is
also healthy, strong and m ngg IffMHH d BM WB^. ¦
woman, and will be sent free^n plain g
envelope by addressing application to Ib Bk M H| BB M H
Bradficld ReaulatorCo. Atlanta. Ga. W mrnrn Esi^fiS
LKADING BUKIlgESS COLLEGE OF THE
WEST. "4 Pott et. t San Francisco. Ca4.
E»tab!isJie<3 40 years. Opfn entire year.
Wr:te lor illustrated catalcg-ue ffree).
1 FOLYTECHNIC
/V Buetnees College arid
/!»• School cf Eneineer-
fWP" VJvft :r.t. Oakland. Cal.
— BfernTft^yHwH Larpest ar.d best
.Hfv <-j. * £ J uFSrr^ 4| equipped f-hco! of
'^~-^% businesa ehorthaal
Iii4jS SSi« l BT1 * MiSlneerlns west
A>»fi iVi25>rf^-Ts rf Chicago. Perfect
1 *^ • Write -for free 100-
* * i &rc- cataJopue.
MILLS COLLIiCE ANO SEMINARY
(fOR YOLNC LADIES). .
Centers Decrees and Grants Diplomas.
hcrnirary r f-ctfrse accredited to the universi-
ties ana leaflr.g Eastern college*; rare oppor-
tunities c!T«r«rj in mu?lc, art and elocution.
Tfcim-e-.phth ye».r. Fall term open* August
12. 1903. Writ* for catalorne to MRS C T.
MILLP. Tres.. Mills Cr-lj^ge P. O.. Cai.
HOITT'S SCHOOL
FOP BOIS. Halo Park. California." Prepare*
:<-r any university cr for business. Send for
illustrated cataicpu*. IRA «. HOITT Ph. D
runrlpal. Fall term opens August 11.
THE i-VGEfjm
Ar. accredited preparatory echool for the unl- !
v«rsity. 'law and medical coller»s u -w-u
t::o*rn for Its careful ar.d thorough work: Come
ar.d be with us; we prepare you vt+ll- refer-
. ceee President Jordan or any Stanford Dro-
Utter. Fhelsn building.
.'L. H. GRAU. Ph. P.. Principal.
2CZSS HAttKlE AXTD SUSS El^TGHES- 1
ecHOpi. pos axsx.s .^*^*
AT PALO AtTO." CALIFORNIA FprmerlT th«
TKOBXXB.» SCHOOIi.
Pr«nal»e« for the Universities and 'Oolleres
West «r.d East. University lectures open ta
*ruderrts. »rr.erter jDPRlns August 25.
BELMONT SCHOoT
FOR BOYS. BELMOJTT. CAL.. . ' '
Opens for new pupils August 16; for .former
pupils Aujr-Jit 12. Cata.logrue and book of views
«w tprllc«t**f-
TV. T. nEID. A. M. (Harvard), H«ad Master.
HAA1LIJS SCHOOL
, AVD VABT ITESS SE2CIITAEY,
:M3 Jackson St.. £. F. BoarBinc and day
school fc«r rlrls. Accredited by- the leadlnr
rolleges and universities. Bpecta.1 attention
plven to music. -Reopens August 10. 1303.
FA RAH D. HAMUN, Principal.
THE 3ENNEMORROWLONG COL-
LEGE OF VOICE AND ACTION.
f-ts/a and p'-atfonn positions guaranteed;
K.r.cuag-M: diplomas. Catalogue. 2152 Sutter
»t. Ph*ie TVe*t 11C3. 'Rpoper-s September 2.
SACRED HEART EVENING COM-
MERCIAL SCHOOL,
f ACRED EEAET COLLEGE. Z&tj tsd LtrkisBts.
CLA6SEJ CPEK KOKDAY. ACGDST 3. 1903,
at 7:15 p.p. .
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
IttVINGTON, CAU
A b.«jh-«r*de Military Fchool for at limited
rva-.be-;- of boys of food character. Next terra
' ¦ c:.-,f Ancust 12.
V1LLIAM WALKER ANDERSON. Principal.
Hiss West 1 $ School for Girls,
2O 4 VAN NESS AVENUE.
Op-ns August 19. Home and day school. Ac-
< redlted by l»"8<iln* foll«»ge«. For catalogue ad-
drxs MATOT B. WEST. Principal.
J
Bitchqock Military Academy,
BAxr eifael" caXu
Separate tulldins for little boys. Xrnas term
»111 begin o» August 17.
St. Gary's College,
1 OAKLAKD, CAL.
ftiidie* wll be reEuraed MONDAY. August 3.
j^"^- I PRO. ZKNONIAN. President.
ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY,
PERALTA PARK. BERKELEY.
B^arfi'.ng ani day tchool for boys under 15 years
?L5 re - t »<* es commence MONDAY, August 3,
'°C3. Bead rtr profj-ectu* to Bro. Gencbraa. I
t
THE EMFOBIUM. ¦ j THE EMPOBIXJM. \ THE EMPORIUM. , THE EMPOBIXTM.
Some New Fall 17^ The New Stetson
Millinery Is Here *w/%r>'ffi£aA*£±^ : aa*'mM* and Kingsbury
n 7J y^^^2^o S4 85 Hats for Men
Pretty Chiffon and Horse Hair Hats—Marked c * uroHWWS B SlW "' Kmjsbury Fall Style— Hand-made, guaranteed
from $7.85 tO $12,00 -¦flgm|p|s— — AMERICA'S 0BAND£5T STORE hati $3.00
And other novelties in wool lace md maline Special Sale Goods ordered by mail Stetson F*U Derbys — Flexib!e, light weight, fast
ejects. ••¦¦ i v or telephone will not be sent C O. D. T » <5-°° 8t y le for ... . . $4.00
Ladles' $1.00 Gloves, 79c ... " „ „ .
Another big lot of those 2-clasp lambskin- Here are SQme T^" or tl fe two^ays onlv in some
gloves that sold so rapidly at our last glove sale; a of this season's most desirable styles of Ladies'
splendid $1.00 value, in all sizes from 5H to 7Q^ Neckwear, consisting of a large lot of lace and grass
7 — for the tWO days, per pair m %*.%*. Hncn collars, jabots, stocks, collar and cuff sets, overcollars, etc., ranging in
These gloves are in^the newest shades of mode, P ricc$ from 25C to $5 -°° " ch - Marked for special ,a!c just half price.
beavers, medium and dark tans, and alSO White and 25c Stylish Stocks and Ties, 13c. SOc Popular Collar and Cuff
hlark 'Thev have Paris' hoinfstitt-'hinff -either in self Sets> 25c * $1 -°° u P- to " Date Jabots, 50c. 51.75 Grass Linen
I i i- i ' 1 poini.siiicning, euner in sen CoIlars g^^ And other prlces to co rrespond .
coloror black, and are . gusseted between each finger.
Wash Waists, Half Price New Fall Clothing
New Fall Gowns and Skirts For Men and Boys
§ Hundreds of the Prettiest Wash Waists a line of Fall Suits from /^
that were produced this year; probably the best wholesale *4S*£?
some of them slightly soiled and custom tailor in America has I^tF
mussed from window and counter just arrived. These garments \ii
display— white, lawns, fancy were made by the most skilled
cheviots, heavy damasks and a / workmen — unfinished and /WltMfiMM^X
• few oxfords; now marked at just finished worsteds, cassi- /0Amwf///Kt\m
half original prices to close. meres, Scotch Mixtures and a Jj$M jj || WiffMMk
$i.z 5 waisw . . . 63o ja.«s Wa "-» • • S1.13 variety of Cheviots, inexclu- U ' Mlmp&m
Si. S o Waists . . . 75C J*.5° Waht, . . $1.25 _j vp ofvIPS j n t Y* e new cincrle JSi Will! MM
5r.75 waists . . 880 u-oo waists. .$2.00 slv f siyies in me new single % \\W\MW fcj$
wa«ts .. . $i.uo ts-oo wai^.. . $2.50 or double breasted sack coats. |$7\ I y&S^fcm
56.ee wa is «, $3.00 They have all the style and fu m^^mm
Many of the advanced styles of Fall Dresses, Coats, and separate dress wearing Qualities Of the % li^Milvxli^^^^
skirts are now ready in our beautifully equipped suit and cloak department on ord ; nary $20.00 suits; 4*4 »- g%** I' J^M' 1 ?$$&*
second floor. ,: : --y . _ -,"".- J here for fyiOmUU | OT Ifflj
One 0! the Suits lor $20.00, that promises to be a very popular styh:, » made Ngw Ovcrcoals _ A large variety in the | flffi fW
of an attractive mannish material, in a m.xed blue, gray and black effect, mojC ]u fabric8 and ncwcj: cms> | ¦ M| gWl
havin? an ev;n length, full o-gore unhned flare ikirt. The coat u a collarlest blome frock, ., ,- , ,• . , • II |! t xivWli. ' hWSl
neatly strapped and piped, and the entire costume is carefuUym.de and w e U tailored. You clthcr h 8 ht _ or m « dlum WC1 i h "' P " C " U | W[l > \W
would not think $25.00 too much, but we have marked them only $20.00 /'*:*'* • $1OmQO tO $30. OO
Other new Gowns up to $70.00. Boys* NorlQlK and Dovble-Brcasted Sack Suits— For ages 8 to 15 jears, in fine
Fine Black Voile Dress Skirts, $25.00 -A new and very dreisy style; made of excellent woolen materials, ihowing all the latest Fall colorings; QfS
quality black Voile, with a full silk drop skirt; the skirt is tastefully trimmed, with $Z'S° values, here for ... ..*. . . . ....
'S^j^SwSg ~3^&2@*$g!l W. ""• **SSg Boy,- 3-Pi«ce V«t S«te-Si,« 8 to ,6 year, co«. v e ,t .=d ln« p, n «. in
introductory price '....'..... $25. OO dark and medium coloring; stoutly made and trimmed; a &*2 J7£Z
Other New Fall Dress Skirts, $s.oa to $25.00. "good * 4 . 50 value, tee for . . . ¥**•*+&
New FallCoats $1MO -Very «yK* 30-inch Covert Cloth Coat.; , 7 -»cam, Boys' Bussian and SbUot Btoue Suits-H.gh novelties for little feUows 2^ to 8
new 1 an wuau, 7 ' . , J . , , - , ., , ' * years; Eton Collars, Knickerbocker Trousers, pretty styles shown for the first time; the nu-
corsct shape and corset fitting; nicey lined and perfectly tailored; a good terials aU-wool Serges and Chevbtt in red, blue, royal, brown and fancy & g~ ghg%
$16.50 vaiuc for . . . . . . .... . .. . .... . $13m5O mixture]; $6.50 value
M A Y er Y Spe fL als *L°- , I A Brush Sale Curtains, 75c
' J£ m *J1?* ?t ef i C -' e * S x~ w , Jooth and "ail . 250 pairs Lace Curtains, 36 inches
SOC and 75C Values 25C We have closed out from a large importing house J./ , . rhoire *e\pct
Thoc^ h^nHl^PrrhipR arP all ¦ mirp thousands of tooth and nail brushes in a very large Wiae, yarOS IOng, CnOlCe Se eCt
These handkercDiets .are all pure as$ortmen - of 8ty i cs and and have divided patterns, narrow borders, plain
hnen, nicely hemstitched; not one thcm into four lots, from which we offer you for fh. sides— and also the new heavy
in the lot worth less than fully day and Saturday o-niy your choice at the following linen effects — colors either ecru or
half of them 75c values; your, prices: v _ ,. v , u , white; your choice per pair . . 75c
Choice Of them Friday and — Lot .'I— Imported Tooth Brushes, polished bone han- 2QQ pairs bce Curtains; corded effects;
Saturday Only, each &&G dies, pure bristle stock; dozens of ioc q imitations of the genuine Arabian patterns; worth
We guarantee thl/'to b^: the' -besrbargain- in- Men's , JT^L^a' T^h L ,V« £«*-££ "«,» * ** J20.OO and $25.00 a pair; selected for effect and
immense lot of them to enable us to sell them at twenty-hve , ,„ , , „ . n . ii't , ,- i ¦»———«——— *---—--*--*--— mmmmmmmmm-mn—m-m
cents each - " ' "! Lot 3 — Imported Tooth Brushes, extra high grade quality of wm*mm *m-
pure bristle stock, assorted handles; not a brush in KJBf% PiliOMJ SOJ3S
to r m ¦» _ * * m _ .._•-»_'¦» tecs the lot worth less than ace: sale price .... M*w"^M k ._» -s *. *** x
A. E. Nettleson's S5 Lot 4> Ntll Bfs^^feaS boxwood and »». ancf To/let Sets
ShOeS fOt* IVIen wood backs i * % assortment of styles and s'zes; worth from SpBCiSkl SalBS TO-D*iy
G? Qt* • S . SC . " WM& ? &£*$$£> 19C Prc «y tiBted PUlow T °P S andBacks ' the kJ °d tha:
&&*+*& regularly sells at 35c and 50c "each; in attractive
To-day and Saturday any pair of Nettleson's Shoes am rfrf &*-*B Dutch, conventional and floral designs;
in our stock, 1 2 good styles in all; such leathers SS'SMKWGb i£&€MB® to-day and Saturday I9p
as Vici Kid, Box Calf, Vclour Calf, Patent Kid ¦ Charminji Lace Toilet Sets— Scarf and pin cushi
and Tan Calf, either lace shoes or , oxford ties, TO'Day and Saturday, 4500 regular cover to match, lined with pink, hhie or yellow
with either heavy or light weigh't Goodyear Size Squares Of the best Creamery linings, always sold regularly at 50c per set; an
welted soles; never sold regularly 4M g+g- Butter, Worth 50c each, at o exceptional bargain at the price; fer to-
less than $5.00 a pair, for . . *Pm9**9%*. "*€#«* day and Saturday, set SSC
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦IB
ONE BOTTLE CURES. ¦
§McBurney's |
KIDNEY [
and [
I BLADDER CURE I
a Certain and thorough cure for pains in S
I the small of the back, irritation of tho ¦
S bladder, Bright's disease, female trou* H
I bles. Incontinence of urine, brick dust Q
¦ deposit, bed wetting of children, gravel, h
m gall stones, thick, turbid frothy urine. JJ
mm drcpsy, diabetes and rheumatism. ' El
~ Send 25c for flve days' treatment and B '
¦ • net relief In 20 minutes." ra
B Kidney and Bladder Cure... tl CO S
g Liver and Blood Purifier .$1 25 S
S FOB 3A1E BT ALL DSTJOGISTS D
¦ , W. r. MoBUBWlIY, Sole Mfr, p
8 836 S. Spring' St^ Los Any ales, CaL ¦
. ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦bbS
ApyiBTisiaixyTS.
Mtitkdl't Ointment accomplishes Mton-
Uhlng cures of skin diseases, after the most
powerful Internal remedies have failed.
After bathing th* part with Jleiiktli't Soap
DM JleUkeW* Ointment and It wlU quickly
. rtmovs all Blotcbea, Pimples. Eruptions
and Sores. Cares Tetter. Kryslpelas, Calt
Rheum, Bc&ld Hemd, Itch, Ringworms,
Ulcers, Piles, Barber's Itch ; relieves and
heals Burns and Bcalds. Makes the skia
soft and beautiful. Prescribed by phy-
slciansforhatfaeenturr. At druggists SOc
Send for free boot of testimonials. i
JOHSSTOS, HOIAOTf AT * CO., PhlUa.lphls. V
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great
) MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
d (3) 1C51 ¥AttXIT S?.tttt:!ia?J>, S.T.C&
\ The Lar jest Anatomical Museum la the
Q n.wLJ*_ Wo* Id. Weakaessei or any contracted
i. S5cS5 dise«e p»»l«l»»lye»r»dhy the oldest
V' ISj? I !>pea4''« on the Coa»t Esc 36 years.
A nfjjpl DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
\ I^SmI CorwuUition free and strictly prirate.
w I lit! B Trsatment personally or by letter. A
t I flr <C B Mint CWraiaeierycasa undertaken.
Brtl A Write for Book. rBlLOMOPlY tf
Y • 1] • BAaalACE, MAILED FREE. { A.
X Q \ ', valuable book for men)
V I>K. JORDAN A CO.. 10S1 il^rlcet St. 9. P.
Sl»®^ w®J S3 IrwSii
ISl sf JS DEI K5--3 a HRII sV II WBsS
mi B a •« n I l« VH& A fBTfa W
PIERCES
%^ FAVORITE
pSCRIPTION
ML FOR WEAK WOMEN. ,
DDTTCUUC F OR barbers, ba-
T\ K IJ v^rl E|»J k"9. bootblacks, bath-
****• w ** *.***•* houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, c&nners.
dyers. Hour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shce factories,
stablemen, tar- roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
3UGKAXA2T BSO3,
Braib Kanaf actuxers, 609 SacTm.mil to St.
Weekly Call, $1 per YearThe members of the Society of Cali
fornia Pioneers gave a reception last
evening at their headquarters to dedi
cate their new assembly hall. Many in
vitations were sent out and during the
evening several hundred guests paid a
visit to the hall and admired the beau
tiful decorations and the pretty arrange
ments . of the electric lights. Refresh
ments were served and an orchestra fur
nished music for those who cared to
dance. •'
Hold Reception at Their Headquar
ters and Pleasantly Receive
Several Hundred Guests.
CALIFORNIA PIONEERS
PROVE JOVIAL HOSTS
WHILE no announcement has been made by
Mr. Chamberlain himself of the plan of tax
ation by which he would establish a system
of protection for British and colonial industries, the
discussion of the subject in the press has reached a
point where a wel} defined budget begins to emerge
from the mass of glittering generalities. It is now
seemingly accepted by the public that when the
scheme is formulated it will consist of a shifting of
taxation from one set of imports to another. Goods
now admitted free will be compelled to pay duties,
while other goods now taxed will be made free, so
that in the end the cost of the food of the people
will not be increased.
The Birmingham Post has presented a detailed
statement showing how the plan can be worked out.
It proposes that ''free trade food taxes," which now
j-icld a revenue of £13,000,000, be repealed, and also
that the tobacco duty be reduced to the extent of
£2,000,000, making an annual reduction of customs
revenue of £15,000,000. To compensate the treasury
for that reduction it suggests that protective or
"preferential" duties be levied according to the fol
lowing table:
Tariff on foreign manufactures (10 per cent on
£73,000,000 paid by foreign competitors). £7,600,000
Ss per quarter, or M a cwt, on foreign wheat
(last year SO.000,000 cwt., reckoning flour* In
equivalent weight of grain) 3,000,009
Lower rates upon other foreign grains and
farming produce *. 2,000,000
4s per cwt.. or fid a stone, on foreign meats
(last year's Imports 13,500,000 cwt.) 2.700,000
Total .£15,200,000
It will be seen that the statement figures out a
revenue from* the proposed duties which will exceed
the reductions by £200,000 a year. It is expected that
the reduction of the tax on tea, coffee and other so
called "free trade food taxes" will balance in. the
average family the increase in the cost of bread and
CHAMBERLAIN'S PROGRAMME.
The couple desired to get married in Sa
linas, but as Lambert's daughter is only
15 and Burden is 38 parental consent could
not be obtained. They therefore conclud
ed to elope with the intention of wedding
somewhere else. Lambert asks Danforth
in his telegram not to issue a marriage
license to the couple should they ask for
one. Up to 5 o'clock last evening no such
request had- been made.
Marriage Clerk Danforth received a
telephone message yesterday from Depu
ty Sheriff Lambert of Salinas that the
latter's daughter, Annie Lambert, had
eloped with a man named Oeorge Burden.
The runaways left Salinas on last
Wednesday evening's train and are be
lieved to have come to San Francisco.
Deputy Sheriff Lambert of Salinas
Notifies Clerk Danforth Not
to Issue License.
In a divorce proceeding in London recently the
learned English jurist gave the sought-for decree to
the husband on the ground that the latter's miscon
duct had been provoked by the actions of the wife.
This increased heavy burden to the already grave
responsibilities of English wives suggests that the
emancipation of the unfortunate creatures might be
legitimately a subject of concern to a charitably in
clined world.
SAYS HIS DAUGHTER HAS
ELOPED WITH CfcDEB. MAN
THE English Judge who has criticized and an
nulled an American divorce is breeding trouble
for somebody. An English lady, attracted to
Sioux Falls, South Dakota, by the blandishments of
the climate and the social advantages of that water
power, took up her residence there and in due time
became a naturalized citizen of the United States.
She carried her expatriation so far as to desire a
legal separation from her lord and master, as well as
a political separation from her sovereign and king.
Therefore she looked over the stock of divorces kept
on tap in Sidux Falls and purchased one. Thereafter
she married again. Her first husband brought suit
against her second for $125,000 damages, and has just
got judgment for that amount.
We make no criticism of that judgment. It must
be gratifying to the new husband that he had secured
a wife who, although second-hand goods, is 1 judicially
appraised at such a high figure. But we do object to
the remarks with which the English Judge, Sir Fran
cis Jeune, and the first husband's counsel garnished
the proceedings. The first husband, who besides
other disabilities is ngmed Constandinidi, a
judicial separation from his wife in England in 1899,
which the lady finished by her Dakota divorce. The
court and counsel concurred in this offensive expres
sion: "This, delicately nurtured lady of Belgravia
went to a wild district of the earth, emigrated to the
half-settled State of Dakota, became an American
citizen, fraudulently obtained a so-called divorce and
married the co-respondent. This was a fraud on civ
ilized jurisprudence."
That Judge would better tread softly. The civiliza
tion of South Dakota is superior to that of Belgravia,
and many of the best divorces now in use in this
country and Europe have been furnished there. Judge
Jeune is president of the English divorce court, and
r.o divorce ever manufactured by him has worn bet
ter than the Sioux Falls product. "Civilized juris
prudence," indeed! Just let an American court, and
especially a South Dakota court, catch one of Sir
Francis Jeune's divorces running around in this coun
try and it will be shown up as a fake, a counterfeit
and a fraud.
AMERICAN DIVORCES.
The dream of a great society woman's
funeral In the Wup's goeslp> •
Special Information supplied dally ta
business nouses and public men by tne
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1X1 *
Townsend'» California glace fnilts and
candies, 60c a pound, la artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 7U Market «t.. above Call bid*. *
The Paris horror in which more than one hundred
persons met death ,as animals caged in a horrid pit
is another fearful illustration of what penalties we
pay for our boasted progress. And the fact that the
name of not one of the victims was worth the while
of being sent out to the world tells also how much
the individual counts in the advance of the nations.
Petitions in Insolvency were filed yes
terday in the United States District Court
as follows: George E. Wootten, saloon
keeper. Corning, Tehama County, liabili
ties $3563. assets $1599; M. S. Blount. a
widow. San Francisco, liabilities as pro
prietor of the Capital grocery. Salt Lake
City, $2637. as keeper of a boarding-house
in Topeka. Kans., $1252, total liabilities
$3SS9, no assets.
Petitions in Insolvency.
NEW YORK. Aug. 13.— The following
Californians are in New York; From San
Francisco— Dr. I. R. Fenner, at the As
tor; H. A. Cohen, at the Victoria; E. H.
Cole, at the Sinclair; F. Coole, v7. A.
Fry and C. H. Rohwer, at the Grand
Union: Miss H. P. Deman. at the Gllsey;
Miss M. Kearner and B. Hecht. at the
Manhattan: R. Hanford. at the Herald
Square; Miss N. O'Nell and J. McK.
Rankin, at the Marlborough; R. Peech.
at the Morton; P. S. Teller and wife, at
the Imperial.
From Los Angeles— H. M. Boscher, at
the- Grand Union.
From San Diego— D. C. Collier, at the
Herald Square.
Californians in New York.
TATTOO MARKS— T. C. H.. Llvermore.
Cal There are many so-called methods
for the removal of tattoo marks. The
latest is that given In the Pharmaceutical
Era. It is called the digestion of the
subcutaneous pigment by papold and Is
described as follows: "The tattooed part
is well washed with soap and water, a
bunch of six or eight cambric needles
bound together with silk thread 13 dipped
in glycerole of papoid and driven with a
sharp blow Into the tattooed part. Thla
is repeated over the entire stain and must
be thorough to be effective. A peculiar
ity of the method is said to be that it
causes no inflammatory reaction. The
digestive principles of the papoid ia dis
seminated about the deposit of pigment,
thus liberating it. a portion is absorbed
In a finely divided state by the lymphat
ics, anotheT part probably finds Its way
into the upper layers of the epidermis
and close to the surface, and In this man
ner the pigment disappears.
The trial of the suit in ejectment
brought by John D. Doherty against Ha
nora Courtney came to an abrupt ending
in Judge Kerrigan's court yesterday. The
jury was discharged because four of its
members, despite the fact that they were
instructed to do so, refused to return a
verdict in favor of the plaintiff. The
jurymen who refused to obey the in
structions of the court were James Wll
kins of the Cliff House, Adolph Green
berg. Rollin C. Ames and W. R. Wrights.
Their refusal was undoubtedly due to
the influence of sentiment, as the law
was plainly for the plaintiff. Doherty re
cently purchased from Rev. John Pious
Murphy, O. P., a house on McAllister
street, near Fillmore. The priest ac
quired it from Mrs. Catherine Black, she
having deeded it to him in trust for the
Dominican Order a few days before her
death. Mrs. Courtney is a sister of Mrs.
Black, and she has occupied the house
since the date of her sister's death, re
fusing to move therefrom at the request
of the new owner. He brought suit to
eject her and considerable evidence, prin
cipally for the plaintiff, was heard. It
was therefore a great surprise when the
four Jurors refused to accept the Instruc
tions of the court and oust Mrs. Court
ney.
Four Men Refuse to Render Verdict
in Accordance With Instruc
tions of Judge Kerrigan.
SENTIMENT RULES JURORS
AND THEY DISOBEY COURT
R. W. Coffin of 426 Guerrero street, peti
tioned the Supervisors yesterday to re-
Bclnd the permits granted to the Standard
Milk Company to maintain a steam en
gine and boiler on the premises adjoining.
Coffin says the company makes life un
bearable by reason of the great noise day
and night, and the nuisance should be
abated.
Wants Alleged Nuisance Abated.
William R. Thorsen, a prominent lum
berman of Milwaukee, Is registered at
the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. G. F. Shlels are up from
their home in San Mateo and are stop
ping at tha Palace.
General A. G. Weissert, an attorney of
Milwaukee, who is a delegate to the O.
A. R. Encampment, arrived from the East
yesterday arid is registered at the Cali
fornia.
Dr. Ralph Ilogran of Los Angele3 is at
the Palace.^
Senator Thomas Flint Jr. of San Juan
is at the Palace.
We have no lack of wealth, nor any lack of real
capital. The one lack is a currency that automati
cally responds to the needs of business. Of our pros
p.rity Secretary Wilson recently said: "Industries
are all prospering. Hardly are our manufacturers
able to supply the demands made on them. The
farmers are busy everywhere, getting fair prices for
their products. Laborers arc all employed every
where; no one is idle who wants work. Money is
plentiful. Speaking for the Northwest, in which my
home is situated, I can say that the people do not
know what to do with their money. In agricultural
districts of the Northwest to find investments they
have gone into British Columbia and Western Can
r.da and bought up the rich and cheap farming lands
there. Taking things all in all. one finds a great pe
riod of prosperity for both capital and labor. They
are certainly hundreds of millions of dollars richer
than before the rresent period of prosperity began."
Yet with ell that showing of industry' and prosperity
we have bankers in all parts of the country talking
over the dangers of the situation and pointing out
the need of caution until the harvests have been mar
keted and business returns to its normal level.
There is nothing surprising in the fact that some
of the opponents of the proposed reform who were
outspoken in their opposition a short time ago have
now come over to the majority. The events of the
past two or three weeks have been sufficient to con
vince almost any intelligent student of the situation
that there is a radical defect in our currency system;
that it is no longer adequate to the needs of a coun
try whose commerce and industry are expanding so
enormously. It is true we have not had this year
a stringency in the money market like that which
occurred last year and forced, the Secretary of the
Treasury to go to the assistance of the banks, but
nevertheless there has been enough to show that we
are running big risks in trying to conduct our busi
ness on the present currency basis.
The contrast between the abounding prosperity of
the country and the uncertain state of affairs in the
great stock markets is sufficient to prove the need 'of
providing for elasticity in the currency, so that there
may be no stringency in the financial centers at the
season when money is 4 withdrawn for use in harvest
ing and marketing the crops of the great agricultural
States. Of course much of the trouble in Wall street
was caused by excessive speculation due to an over
confidence in the ability of the big trusts and mergers
to hold their stocks and securities up to the high
ievels they reached during the boom time.; but even
when ample allowance is made for the effects of
speculation there remains enough of disturbance to
show that overspeculation has not been the cause of
all the trouble, or perhaps even the sole cause of any
of it.
The reports add that the opposition of some of the
leaders of the House of which so much was heard
early in the summer has been virtually abandoned,
and that the Republicans of the House will in the
main cordially co-operate with those of the Senate
in promoting the passage of the desired act. Thus
the situation is decidedly more promising than it was
even a few weeks ago, and there is now ample rea
son for holding sanguine expectations of the out
come of the prolonged discussion.
REPORTS concerning the conference of the
Republican members of the Senate Finance
Committee with President Roosevelt at Saga
more Hill arc encouraging to the hopes of those who
realize how important it is to have an efficient meas
ure of currency legislation enacted at the coming
extra session of Congress. It appears that as yet the
Republicans of the committee have not formulated a
measure to be reported when Congress meets, /but
they have agreed that a bill shall be reported
promptly and that it shall contain ample provisions
ior giving elasticity to our currency while carefully
guarding against ihe'dangers of an excessive issue of
bank notes.
PROSPERITY AND CURRENCY.
NATIONAL HOLIDAY - ThWy-year
Subscriber. There Is no national holiday
in the United States, not even the Fourth
of July. Congress has at various times
appointed special holidays. In the second
session of the Fifty-third Congress an act
was passed making Labor day a public
holiday in the District of Columbia, ami
It has recognized the existence of certain
days as holidays for commercial purposes,
but with the exception named there ia no
general statute on the subject. The proc
lamation of the President designating a
day of thanksgiving only makes It a legal
holiday in the District of Columbia and In
those States which provide by law for It.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Performed such service, and should I coma
to the United States, become a natural-
Ized citizen and serve In the army, tha
would not exempt him from military ser
vice la his own country should he return
there. The United States protects Its
naturalized citizens from the time -they
become such, but does not taterfere la
obligations they owe their natHe coun
try before naturalization.
PRACTICE OF MEDICINE-E.. Marl
posa. Cal. To ascertain what the law la
in regard to the practice ot medicine la
Mexico and South America address a let
ter of inquiry to the United States Consul
in the City of Mexico and to luchoto JJ 1
in the principal cities of South America
as Buenos Ayres. Rio Janeiro Valpa
raiso. Panama. Guayaquil and San Jo«e
(Costa Rica). #
The report of the Board of Trustees of
the Public Library for the fiscal year
1002-03 was filed with Mayor Schmitz yes
terday. The report shows that the re
ceipts were $74,223 13, Including a balance
of $$127 21 from 1901-02, and the disburse
ments $66,142 67, including the erection of
a new branch on Sacramento street at a
cost of $2783 60, and a new elevator cost
ing $2160, leaving a surplus of $8080 46.
There are now in the main library and
six branch libraries 15O.8S4 volumes and
38,630 borrowers' cards in force. The re
port continues:
During the year 71)2,207 volumes were drawn
tor use at home and 250.000 volumes read in
th>» libraries, making: a total of 1.042,582 vol
umes. If the library Is to keep abreast of the
times it should have $10,000 a year to purchase
books.
The sum of $11.33:1 15 was expended for new
books and periodicals. Binding cost $3S28 5*>.
A new branch library Is urgently needed In
some place yet to be selected by the board of
trustees.
The sum of $2617 30 was collected from
31,307 fines.
Board of Trustees Strongly Urges
the Establishment of An
other Branch.
FILES ANNUAL REPORT
OF PUBLIC LIBRARY
POKER-Player. City. A -writer on tha
game of poker answers your QU« stlo °
these words: "It is contrary to the whole
spirit of the game to make a player an
nounce what he is drawing to or what
he discards."
AUSTRALIA has selected the site for her fed
eral capital and has thus taken another step
in that process of unification which will even
tually make her a nation instead of a federation.
Furthermore, she has at last seen a break in that
prolonged period of drought or scant rains that has
so materially injured her people and blighted her
high hopes. Late reports tell of a rainfall which ex
tended over well nigh the whole continent, and
which in most places was sufficiently abundant to as
sure good pasturage for sheep and cattle and rich
harvests of grain for the farmers.
With the coming of the rains the long depression
in industry will cease, and asa consequence her peo
ple will have less of social and political pessimism.
It is a familiar fact that in free countries where some
thing like universal suffrage prevails ..the popular
vote is largely affected by the condition of crops and
the markets for produce. When prosperity prevails
the people vote with the Government, but when hard
times come the tendency is to vote for the opposi
tion. Furthermore, in times of adversity a people
are inclined to listen credulously to the appeals of
calamity howlers and to follow the leadership • of
demagogues, so that the natural evil of the situation
is often made worse by imposing political evils upon
it. We have had experiences of that kind ourselves,
but of late the Australians have had a far worse ex
perience than any recorded in our annals.
So serious were the labor, industrial and political
complexities arising out of the drought in the Aus
tralian provinces that for a time it looked as if the
federation would go to pieces. Report after report
came of popular discontents against the new govern :
ment and its new taxes. Cattle and sheep were per
ishing by thousands, farmers were being ruined, mer
chants were failing, factories shutting down, and the
cities swarmed with unemployed men demanding
work and wages. The new federation found itself
launched on a stormy sea. *It was difficult to get clear
way for any kind of progress, and it is highly credit
able, to ,the Australian people arid Australian states
men that the difficulties were overcome and dangers
evaded and the ship of state guided safely through
the storm. Now everything appears promising. The
controversy over the location of the capital is ended.
The drought is broken. Good times are coming. The
Australian federation is permanently established be
yond all doubting, and we shall hear no more inti
mations of the probability of its breaking up.
AUSTRALIAN PROSPECTS.
CIVIL SERVICE-A Subscriber. City.
Whenever there is to be an «amtaatlon
for eligibles In the Police Department of
San Francisco the fact Is announced sev
eral days before In The Call and other
dallies.
STAMPS-R.. Fruttvale. Cal. The post
master in your district can P""™ '£
you a complete set of the ™ w P°»f j 1^
stamps of the United States at face value.
The process 'oT removing dishonest attorneys from
the practice of their trade in Honolulu is progressing
merrily, and. undoubtedly with very excellent results
to the "community. Jt is always safe to say that such
a proceeding in any community is never unnecessary.
The craft as a rule generally stand together for com
mon protection.
TOR\ADO-W. H. B.. City. Tornadoes,
of any taking a different direction.
r-ATTVORNIA'S QUOTA— J. F. M..
CUy Ca^ornfa is credited with having
furnished 15.725 men to the Union army
during the Civil War.
FRIDAY AUGUST 14, iW
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. '-X
ftdrtis All Communications to W. S. LEAI^E. Manager.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
PCBLICATIO* OFFICE... Market «nd Tblrd. S. V.
CDrroiUAL. nOOMS 217 to 221 SteTen»on St.
Delivered by Carriers, 2<> Cts. Per Week, 75 Cfcfc
Per Month. Single Copies *> Cents.
tVroji br Mall. IncIc<Jtnr Po«t*i« (Caah With Ord>rt:
DAU-T CALL (including 9un<J*r). on* T««r fS.OO
DAILT CALL rtncludlc*: Ena<J«y). « month* 4.<W>
DAXLT CALL— By SlnxU Month...- TBo
ft'XDAT CALL. On« T>*r 2 -°°
WEEKLT CALL. On« T*«r l-°°
f milr... f*i.8O Per T«*r Extra
rOREIGN POSTAGE i Sundmr.. 4.15 Per T«M Extra
I \v>«kly.. l.OO P«r Tear Extra
All Poitmaiteri are nulliorltpd «o reeelv*
¦ nbacrf ptlona.
SompU eoplea will 1* forwarded when r*aoeat«d.
K>11 •ubaertbera in ordering- ehang-a of address tbould b*
particular to «iv» both NEW AND OLD ADDRES3 In order
to Incur* a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAMl OFFICK.
HIS Droadimr Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICK.
*l«s Center Street Telepbon* Kortn 77
C. GEOKGR KUOGM3SS. M«nnicer Foreign* Aflver
tUlnjr. Slarqnette Ilnlldlntr. Chlca«ro.
• lxrit Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
UORTOX E. CIIAAE % .14OO G Street, W. W.
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
fcTEPIIEK n. SMITU SO Tribune Building
NrW TORK CORRESPONDENT-:
C C. CAKI/TOX Herald Square
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
enertnan House; P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel,
Tremont Uouae; Auditorium Hotel; Palmer House.
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -A*torla Hotel; A. Brentano. SI Union Square;
Murray HIM Hotel; Fifth-avenue Hotel and Hoffman House.
BBASCtl OFFICES— 627 Montgomery, corner of Clar. open
cr.tll t:SO o'clock. 300 Hayes. op«D until 9:S0 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. CIS Larkln. open until
• :SO o'clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, center Sixteenth, open until 0 o'clock. 1096 Va
irncls. cpen unlit 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock NW. corner Twecty-iecond and Kentucky, open
CT ,t ii v - -i.-.-w ?y><» Flllmoro. open until 9 p. m.
OCEAN STEAMERS-Subacriber Oak
land. Ca7. The cost of building and fur-
King a modern ocean steamer is from
$600,000 to $1,400,000. -
FIRE COMMISSIONER-A. J. J-. Sac
ramento. Cal. The president of the San
FrTncVsco Board of Fire Commissioner.
13 Rolla V. Watt.
The question of the overflow at the Chi
nese public school on Clay street was also
discussed. Some time ago the schqol was
moved from the old building to the one
next door. As the old building Is larger
than the other the board concluded that
it would be advisable to move back again
instead of renting another outside room
and this will probably be done.
Superintendent Langdon Issued a circu
lar yesterday showing that he had dis
tricted the schools for convenience of su
pervision. The schools north of Market
are In District 1 under Deputy Superin
tendent Heaton and those south of Mar
ket are under Deputy Suzzalo.
The Sunnyside School will In all proba
bility have a portable schoolhouse to take
care of the overflow. Director Mark ex
pressed himself in favor of sending to
that school the portable schoolhouse now
serving as an addition to the Jackson or
Park School. THe owner of the lot on
which the school stands has notified the
board that he will raise the rent of the
lot from $10 to $35, but the board will de
cline to pay the Increase. It will pref
erably remove the portable schoolhouse
to the Sunnyside School. No definite con
clusion was arrived at in regard to the
other two classes proposed to be estab
lished.
One of the schools at which It has been
decided to establish a new class is the
Gartield on Telegraph Hill, where the
number of pupils is largely on the In
crease. An outside room has * been rent
ed for the purpose and the assignment
thereto will be made at next Wednesday'*
meeting of the board. Another school
where the need of a new class is impera
tive is the Monroe. A portable school
will be utilized for this class and an ex
periment will be made with a portable
schoolhouse now In use in the Oakland
school department.
The Board of Education held an execu
tive session yesterday for the purpose of
deciding on the establishment of several
new classes in schools where the attend
ance has become greatly congested. The
question of assignments was also discussed
and it was practically decided to elect at
least five teachers for the present day
eligible list as substitutes In the school
department. Superintendent of Schools
Langdon was present at the conference
and his observations of existing condi
tions in the schools largely governed the
board in arriving at its decision.
The eligibles who will be elected Into
the department are in all likelihood C. J.
Telfer, Mabel O. Benjamin, Josephine M.
Hopkins, Marie d'Erlach and Joan Mul
lin, it being the policy of the board to
select those standing the next highest on
the eligible list.
The committee approved the designation
by the Board of Works of a bituminous
pavement on New Montgomery street
from Market to Mission, already recom
mended for full acceptance.
The petition of the American District
Telegraph Company to establish a night
watch for flre alarm system was with
drawn.
M. J. Dunn asked that action be taken
to construct a sewer in Liberty street, be
tween Church and Sanchez. Dunn said
that one Bell refused to sign a private
contract for the work and Assistant Sec
retary Keogh of the Board of Works said
that contractors refuse to bid under pro
ceedings for public contract, owing to a
question of grades. Mr. Bell was cited
to appear before the committee next
Thursday.
The committee reported In favor of
grading Lake street between Twenty
fourth and Twenty-sixth avenues to offi
cial line and the full acceptance of Hyde
street, between Greenwich and Lombard.
George H. Roundey appeared before the
Supervisors' Street Committee yesterday
and reauested that obstructions be or
dered removed from Wayland and Felton
streets between La ' Grande and San
Bruno avenues, r.oundey stated that the
fences prevent voters from reaching their
polling places, except by following a cir
cuitous route alonv Sliver avenue. The
committee decided to investigate the com
plaint.
HANDSHAKING-Etiquette.City. When
a lady la introduced to a gentleman, it is
for the lady to decide whether she will
offer her hand.
So the Macedonians of Sofia are not aroused by
the terrible stories of slaughter and massacre told so
luridly by the patriots of the committee, and their
apathy is deemed something astonishing. Perhaps,
however, they do not believe the stories. They are
near to the scene of the disturbance and have doubt
less many means of learning what is going on. It
may be they regard the whole agitation as a spectacu
lar performance. In that case it would be astonish
ing if they were anything other than indifferent.
One of the significant features of the situation is
the appearance of Boris Saraftof as chief of the
patriot Christians. The said Boris is the man who
is popularly supposed to have been the instigator of
the abduction of our American missionary, Miss
Stone, who was held for a high ransom, which we
had to pay. The followers of Boris assert that when
he carried off Miss Stone he had no other object
than that of raising a fund for the maintenance of the
cause of liberty and Christianity. The defense will
be accepted for what it is worth, but so long as the
Macedonian cause has a leader who practices such
tactics it will not be surprising if the Macedonians
of Sofia continue to be indifferent to the war and
remain at home, where they are not liable to be ab
ducted and held for ransom. Moreover, if the
patriotic Boris wishes sympathy among the Ameri
can people who paid the ransom for Miss Stone he
must publish a signed statement with vouchers show
ing that he spent the money for liberty and Chris
tianity and not for some kind of a Bulgarian blow
out. In the meantime dispatches from Sofia, Bel
grade and Constantinople will be accepted among
reports Classified as "interesting if true."
The whole situation is involved in confusion, and
the dispatches are a string of inconsistencies. For
example, those of yesterday from Sofia stated, among
other things, that the Mohammedans are slaughtering
the Christians of Macedonia, that young men of
Bulgaria are hastening to the mountains to join the
Macedonian bands, that the Bashi Bazouks are com
mitting terrible outrages, and then go on to add:
"The most astonishing feature of the situation here is
the remarkable quietude with which the people have
received the news of the fresh rioting in Macedonia.
The whole outbreak came as a great surprise, even
to the local revolutionary committees, which were not
prepared for so early a rising. In spite of the stir
ring appeals of the committee, little or no popular
enthusiasm is apparent, not even among the 20,000
Macedonian residents of Sofia."
EARLY in the year, while the blasts of winter
were blowing round the Balkan mountains, the
spokesmen of the Macedonian Committee in
formed the world that. with the coming of spring
there would be war. The words were bold and the
menace seemed imminent/ so that a good many folks
watched the months pass in high expectations that
when gentle spring with her ethereal mildness came
the Macedonians would rise with the blossoming of
the roses and make the land blood red.
The date of the rising was fixed for April i, but it
was not an All Fools' day in that country, so the peo
ple stayed at home to eat their rye bread and garlic
in peace instead of rising up to fight for annexation
to Bulgaria. The European 'concert looked over the
situation and, seeing no war in sight, promptly
claimed credit for maintaining peace and set all its
diplomatists to work assuring mankind that it would
continue to maintain it. Now the spring has gone
and summer is ncaring its end, and lol the promise
of the concert of powers is seen to have been about as
futile as the menace of the revolutionists. The up
rising which did not take place on April I is, fixed
for August 31, and the "peace" maintained in the
spring has been nothing more than a prolonged pe-,
riod of disturbance.
Between the manifestos of the committee and the
whispered assurances of the diplomatists of' the con
cert there are such wide divergences that the most
careful student of the progress of events in the Bal
kans finds it impossible to form a fixed opinion on a
single phase of the situation. There is an old Span
ish legend that the water* of the Hassayampa, a
stream in Arizona, has such a magic quality that
those who drink of it never tell the truth again.
Evidently the leaders of the committee and the diplo
matists of the concert are Hassayampers, and we
shall never know the truth about the Balkans until
we search it out for ourselves.
MORE TEACHERS
AND MORE NEW
SCHOOLHOUSES
CITIZENS ASK
THAT STREETS
BE CLEARED
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
foreign meatstuffs. Furthermore, Chamberlain hold3
out to workingmen a promise of steadier work and
better wages. The free-traders are now trying to
deny the value of the Birmingham argument, for it
seems to be regarded as a safe forecast of what the
issue will be when officially made up for submission
to Parliament and the people.
To an American the most interesting feature of
the proposal is that the .tax is much higher on im
ports of manufactures than on imports of foodstuffs.
It looks more like a measure for the protection of
the British manufacturer than for that of the colonial
and the home farmer?" This goes far to confirm the
statement made quite frequently of late that the new
policy of protection is to be supported by a large
campaign fund subscribed by- manufacturers of Bir
mingham and elsewhere, and that the fight against
free trade is going to be led and waged by the very
class of men who some fifty years ago overthrew the
old system of protection.
BALKAN 'DISPATCHES.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 14, 1903.
A Missouri flyer was wrecked a few days ago and
only twenty-one persons were desperately injured.
The railroad officials took the wreck as a matter of
course and point with pride to the , fact that only
twenty-one men and women will be maimed for life
for daring to hazard themselves on a railroad train.
In these days of the steam road this record is com
oarativclv cood.
California's buildirg at the St. Louis Expo v sition
v;ill soon he under way. and the structure that is to
house the concrete expression of our industries, it
is to be hoped, will be an object of attention and of
admiration. The people of the State must see that
observers will not look only upon a shell.
Nautical Expert Wanted.
A United States Civil Service Examina
tion is announced for September 16 in this
city for the position of nautical expert in
the Hydrographic Office, Navy Depart
ment, at $1000 per annum. Age limit. 20
years or over. Apply to the United States
Civil Service Commission, Washington,
D. C, or to the secretary of the Consoli
dated Board of Civil Service Examiners,
301 Jackson street, this -city, for applica
tion form 304.
Framing the PJcture
Is sometimes almost as difficult as naming?
the baby. You find the task an easy one if
you bring your pictures to us and try the
moldings and mats here. We have so
many varieties of moldings and such ex
quisite ones that a satisfactory selection
Is quickly made. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
\lsu-kat rtrrnt ' nTW^lliTil *
Roberts Vandercook was floor manager.
while Judge J. J. de Haven, president
of the society, and many other members
stood at the door and acted as a very
cordial reception committee.
6
IF the complete story could be told of the devotion and suffering, of
the privations and heroic sacrifices of all the brave women who nursed
the wounded and the dying on both sides in the bloody conflict be-
tween the North and South it would be one of the grandest, most
sublime narratives ever penned. Even when recorded in brief their ca-
reers speak volumes for the dangers they braved to minister with gentle
hands and lc-inz care.
"Oh, what breaking hearts many mothers are still carrying for their
boys buried in graves marked "Unknown," " says Mrs. Mary J. Bos-
ton, one of these fifty-eight fair veterans of that bloody conflict who have
written two full pages of personal anecdotes of their service in the hos-
pital, the bivouac and the battlefield. She not only consecrated her
life to nursing the wounded throughout the entire war, but cave two
brothers to the cause at Fredcricksburg and a brother-in-law at Gettys-
burg, and the anecdote of which those few lines are the prelude is one
jf the most dramatically thrilling ever penned These fifty-eight women
saw the awful struggle with their own c~cs — and it is war actual war
that each and even- one of them has written of from her own peculiar
point of view. Those two paces alone will enthrall you.
To the veterans whose names make up the roll of honor of the
Grand Army of the Republic that stupendous struggle must ever be a
vivid reality, but to those of the younger generation the hope and de-
spair of that fierce conflict must be seen through the eyes of the artist
the writer and the painter alone. It is a remarkable fact that some of
the best battle scenes ever painted are those depicting our great Civil
War from beginning to end.
,. A^ « this fact that has enabled The Sunday Call in its special
G. A R. Edition next Sunday to present its readers with the best pic-
torial panorama of fiercest battles of the war that can be offered b T a
modern newspaper. Beginning with General Grant's victory at Fort
Donelson, these pictures carry you through the entire war to its spec-
tacular dose with the surrender of General Lee at Appomattox. when
scene alone replete as it is with historical characters, is one of the most
Sr? bl Ti P . 1 fi tOa * S IT'f ?X T ?S x l ctd °" * modern color press. There is
"The Battle of Shiloh." "Chattnnooga ," "The Siege of VicksWr"
''Sherman's March to. the So" -The -BatS? ol IGS^SmuT^C^,
Career From West Point to Appomattox." etc. vjraai*
And in the line of fiction the greatest popularity has ever been irven
to tales of love and war. Just think what themes the Civil War haTtS
offer. And what sentiment, too. There ti "Fortv Years Aft«-» •« \l
next Sunday Call, for instance tt &U?OTy of Sc wavering t ci of
T^W- y; C^A U rV' U r l \* £•««& denouement in ths^itv
Th . CI U. h^ e 1S U A G A rl °. tn ,e. South." "Kate's Pence." "A War Vision"
and "Trying Him Out/ which \nxtr will bring back the most stfi??sr
memories to any one who knows anything about war. *
A v nd }u . a <iiffcr « n . t **?? how many know anything about th*
speeches that created that awful slaughter There are two ww of Vrvid
vearsTfteV ftmA " >0U who rCad them n °^ " T £ny
And last but not l« as t there i? that magnificent Supplemer'-mder
sentiment crystalled nto cotor-"Tlie Old Army Chest" wher-S 1
hardy wirnor of the wMlion is showing his treasures to his h^utiful
fair-haired daughter. J«, t raster a doep-voiced complaint wither
SS Sunday"^!." 0 * Wl U " S * Uh^ G ' A " R f^WrftS
HALF A HUNDBED WOMEN
ON FAMOUS BATTLEFIELDSLITTLE VESSEL, WHICH RE
TURNED YESTERDAY FROM
A SCIENTIFIC EXPEDITION.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal..
Ausust 13, 1003.
The time ball on the Ferry building was
dropped exactly at noon to-day, I. e., at noon
of the 120th meridian, or at 8 p. m; Greenwich
time. • J. C BURNETT,
Lieutenant. U. 8. N.. in Charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Tin^ and Heights of High 'and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority or the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur .at
t»ia «i«w #— » «"- >on-strcet wh&rO about 24
Time Ball.
Colonel Thomas Burgoyne. who. through sev
eral administrations, has been attached to the
pertonal staff of the chief wharfineer. has
bloEBorned forth in all the glory of a brand
new brass-bound. Grand Army uniform. Colo
nel Bursoyne served through the war with Bat
tery I of the Second United States Artillery.
He wai a soldier when Buchanan was Presl-
Colonel Burgoyne's Regalia.
Big Cargo of Coal.
The German ship Alsterufer. which arrived
yesterday. 62 days from Newcastle, Australia,
brought 41S6 tona of coal.
Suspended on Meathook.
Edward Godfrey, a steerage passenger on the
Ftcamchlp Santa Rosa, which arrived here yes
terday from the aouth. had a thrilling experi
ence on Wednesday night. He retired to his
bunk at a late hour and In the dark! The ves
sel was rolling, and as Godfrey climbed to his
sleeping place he lost his balance. As he top
pled he made a grab into fpace. As his hand
made the downward sweep it came into con
tact with a meat hook suspended from the ci:il
ing. The Ktfel barb cut through the flesh and
for t-everal minutes Godfrey, suspended by the
hook, swung with the roll of the vessel. Hl«
screams brought assistance and his injuries
ti-ere dressed yesterday at the Harbor Hospital.
To Command New Ferry-Boats.
Captain H. F. Strother.; of the river steamer
T. C. Walker has been appointed to the com
mand of one of the San Franclpco. Oakland and
Ban Jose fViry efamers, which will shortly
operate in opposition to the Southern Pacific
terry system. Captain Strother'a officers and
rrfw tendered him a »ianqu« > t August 9 at
Stockton. They presented their retiring nkip
por with a pair of marine glasses. The other
Fteamers of the new ferry system will be com
manded by Captain RafmiiRsrn. now of the
tusboat Redmond, and Captain Lewis, at pres
ent chief officer of the ferry-boat Tamalpals.
POINT LOBOS, Aug 13. 10 p m — Weather
thick; wind NW, velocity 16 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed Aug 13— Stmr
Scotia, for Fan Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed Ausr 13— Stmr Arcata,
for San Francisco; echr San Buenaventura,
for San Francisco. Aug 11 — Schr Forester, for
San Pedro. Aug 12— Stmr Humboldt, for
Skagway.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Aug 13— Ship
Gr»=at Admlrul, from Tacoma, for South Africa
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 12— Stmr Uraatllla,
hence Aug (*.
REDONDO— Sailed Aug 13— Schr Corona,
from Tacoma.
Sailed Ausr 13 — Ship Hecla, for San Fran
cisco: bktn Jane L Stanford, for Port Pirle.
ASTORIA— Arrived Aug 13— Stmr Grace Dol
lar, from Hardy Creek; stmr Columbia, hence
Aug 11.
Arrived Aug; 18— Schr J H Lunsmann, from
Honolulu.
EUREKA— Arrived Aug 13— Stmr Eureka,
hence Aug 12. ¦ \
Sailed Aug 13 — Sehr Columbia, for San Pe
dro; etmr Arctic, for San Francisco; bark Yo
semite. tor Sydney.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Aug 13— Schr Mar
ion, from San Pedro.
SAN DIEGO. Augr 13— Reported sailing of
schr Irene yofterday wm an error. »
BANDON- Sailed Auff 12 — Btmr Chico and
schr Onward, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed Aug 13— Bark Cha* B Ken
ney and stmr San Mateo, for San Francisco;
•tmr Tacoma. for Hongkong; ehlp Great Afi
miral. for Australia.
UMPQUA— Arrived Aug 0— Schrs Sadie and
Beulah. from San Pedro.
PANTA BARBARA— Arrived Aug 13— Stmr
Rymona, from Saa Pedro, and sailed for San
FranciBCO.
WHATCOM— Arrived Aug 13— Schr Albert
Meyer, from San Pedro.
WESTPORT— Arrived. Aug 13 — Stmr Ruth,
hence Aug 12.
. HARDY CREEK— Arrived Aug 13— Stmr
Man«hf.eld. from Needle Rock.-
Sailed Aug 13— Stmr Marshfield, for San
Francisco.
TATOOSH, Aug 13— Schr W F aarms.'frorj
Nome, arrived outside and was ordered to
Portland.
Passed in Aug 13 — 8tmr Rainier, hence Au*
10, for Seattle. .
Parsed out Auk 13— Ship Hecla. for San
Franelpco; bktn Hawaii, for South Africa.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed , Aujr 13— Stmr
Santa Cruz, for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— Sailed Aug 12— Sehr Solano,
for Port Townsend. Aug 13— Stmr Veytura,
for Sydney.
EASTERN PORT.
n*uM ""MnV — Passed Aua- 12 — SUd Got
Ptmr NvWburK. Anflndnen, Grays Harbor.
Ship Invincible, UlIherR, Eagle Harbor, in
tow tugs S^a Lion and Tatooeh,
Swedish Bhlp Alfhlld, Svenson, Valparaiso,
via Port Townsend.
Br ship Orana*!«. Greig, Antwerp.
Tug Sea Lion, Manter, Port Townsend.
Tug Tatoosh, Bailey. Port Townsend.
Barge Santa Paula, Pllle, Ventura, in tow
tug Rescue.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega.
Schr II W Bartlett, NielFen, Astoria.
/ TELEGRAPHIC.
Stmr Greenwood, Johnson, Albion.
Stmr Coon Bay. Nlcolson. San Pedro.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Diego.
ThurFday. August 13.
Stmr "Whittle, Macdonald," Ventura.
SAILED.
Thursday, August 13.
Br Btmr TVyefield, "Watson, Nanaimo; West
ern FupI Co.
Nor stmr Tellus, Arntzen, Ladyemith; R
Dunymuir'B Sons Co.
CLEARED.
.Stmr Santa Monica. Olsen, 72 hours from
Orays Harbor: bound to San Pedro; put in to
land passengers.
Ger ptmr Alsterufer, Jensen, (32 days from
Newcastle, Auc.
liarlt Amy Turner, "Warland, 27 days from
Hllo.
Bktn J M Griffith, Arey. 7 days from Port
Hadlock.
Kchr Mary Sachs, Hultberg, 35 days from
Socorro Island.
Thursday, August 13.
Ptmr Aurelia, Peterson, 39 hours from Re
dondo.
Stmr Geo W Klder, Randall. 60 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 47 hours.
Stmr Brooklyn, Hlgglne, 17 hours from Fort
Bragtr.
Stmr Montara, Reilly, 23 hours from Port
Harford.
Stmr Greenwood, Johnson, &4 hours from
S?r. Pedro.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen. 17 hours from Cas
rar.
Ptmr Samoa, Madscn, 40 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Newsboy, Adler, 20 hours from West
port.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. 41 hours from
San Diego.
Stmr "WhiteBboro. Olsen, 15 hours from Point
Arena. .•
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 20 hours from Monte
rey.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
The French bark Dupleix. which made port
on "Wednesday, was chartered prior to arrival
for wheat to Europe at 21s 3d.
The British bark Collinrrove was chartered
prior to arrival for redwood from Eureka to
Eydney at 40a.
The British bark Crocodile was chartered
prior to arrival for wheat to Europe at 21s 3d
and. not 22s Cd, as previously reported.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
dent, and Ftlll were the uniform when John
LSr>;wn v.as hanged at Harpers Ferry. Colonel
BurKoyne in hip cardigan jacket has been one
of the permanent attractions of the water front
for so long that there was much curiosity ex
jirr'ssed yesterday as to the identity of the dis
tinguished looking: soldier driving back and
forth in the chief wharfinger's buggy.
Eocorro Island is about 230 miles off the
Mexican roast. There are several thou
sand sheep on the island, but no water.
The scientists were left on the island for
a month while the Mary Sachs, sailed to
Point Pinos for a fresh supply of water.
At the island of Clarion, which was also
visited, the expedition found a volcano In
eruption. The members of the party had
several narrow escapes from drowning in
the surf at some of the places they land
ed in search of specimens.
The birds were secured by shooting and
trapping, and in several cases a capture
was effected by the skillful use of a light
lariat. As they were caught the birds
were cured and stuffed, and the large col
lection is now all ready for mounting In
the Academy natural history department.
The Mary Sachs is a little bit of a ves
sel of only thirty-one tons burden, but
she made a comfortable home, and apart
from the scientific value of the expedi
tion all enjoyed the trip. The specimens
are still In the hold of the schooner un
der hatches sealed by the custom-house.
They will be landed within a few days.
Captain J. O. Hultberg, the commander
of the Mary Sachs, is a young man but. a
skillful navigator and well acquainted
with the waters in which he has been
cruising.
THE little schooner Mary Sachs,
sent from here nearly four months
ago by the Academy of Sciences
to gather specimens of birds
among the Revlllagigedo Island*,
oft the Mexican coast, returned here yes
terday with more than 1000 specimens.
The collection Included parrots, paro
quets, frigate birds and birds representing
all the numerous feathered families of
those southern latitudes. The expedition
v.as in charge of R. II. Beck, whom one
of the Mary Sachs' sailors described as
"a bird stuffer from away back." Beck
Is an ornithologist and has made several
previous trips In search of natural history
specimens, lie took as cssistants four
6tudents from the University of Califor
nia. The students were A. S. Bunnell,
whose specialty is ornithology; F. E.
Barkien, who is a botanist of some note;
E. \V. Gifford, whose knowledge of
conchology was very serviceable to the
party, and C. H. Marks, an anthropolog
ical student.
T. F. Hawthorne brought a peculiar suit
yesterday In the Justices' Court against
the James H.- Babcock Catering Com
pany to recover the sum of $185 alleged to
have been stolen from plaintiff while tak
ing a meal in defendant's restaurant. The
complaint alleges as follows:
While plantifT was a guest in the restau
rant the defendant negligently permitted to be
upon his premises and did employ a person In
the capacity of waiter who was of evil and
dishonest propensities and who was then and
there a thief. That while such a guest plaln r
tiff was relieved of and there was taken from
his pocket against his wishes the sum Of WiJ
in bank notes by the employe aforesaid, lhat
$1«j0 of the money so stolen was recovered
ehortly after the theft and was returned to
the plaintiff, but the remaining portion has
never been returned.
Annie Ford has sued Division No. 2 of
the Ancient Order of Hibernians of Amer
ica for $75 alleged to be due on a policy
of insurance on her deceased husband,
Edward Ford, who was a member of the
organization.
Justice of the Peace Daniels gave Judg
ment yesterday in favor of May Josephine
Kauffman against the Hibernia Bank for
$104./ The deposit was also claimed by
Her'tha Renner, who was a Joint depos
itor. Miss Kauffman, who is a minor,
testified that all the money was deposited
by her alone, and that Miss Renner's
name appeared on the bank book so that
if she fell sick the money could be with
drawn.
The trial of the suit of Andrew Coleman
against Mrs. Reeves-Atkinson to recover
$53 was begun in Justice Lawson's court
yesterday. The testimony developed that
Coleman had arranged to have his daugh
ter, Mrs. L. Saiinders, treated for nervous
trouble In the sanitarium kept by the de
fendant at 1S15 Butter street. He depos
ited $Stt for her keep, but at the end of
five days Dr. Saunders, her husband, in
sisted that she be allowed to leave the
place, threatening habeas corpus proceed
ings. Mrs. Atkinson telephoned to M. C.
Hassett, Coleman's attorney, that the pa
tient could leave and she would return the
180, less the cost of her maintenance for
five days. Mrs. Atkinson refused to re
turn the balance, claiming Mrs. Saunders
had left the place in her absence and she
had made no such agreement. Judge
Lawson took the case under advisement.
MoTements of Steamers.
Robie, from Baltimore, for Sad Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to Aug 12— Br
stmr Ajax. from Tacoma. for Liverpool; Jap
stmr Aki Maru. from Seattle.
Sailed Aug 12 — Br etmr Athenian, for Van
couver.
Sailed Aug 13— Br stmr Chlng Wo, for San
Francisco, via Yokohama.
CHERBOURG— Salted Aug 8— Fr bark Ed
mond Rostand, for San Francisco.
SINGAPORE— Arrived prior to Aug 13—
Span stmr Isla de Luion, from Liverpool, for
Manila.
Arrived Aug 12 — Br stmr Indrawadi. from
Yokohama, for New York.
CADIZ— Sailed Aug 8— Span stmr Antonio
Lopez, for Manila.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
CHERBOURG— Arrived Aug 12— Stmr Pre
toria, from New York, via Plymouth, for Ham
burg, and proceeded.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Aug 13 — Stmr Oce
anic, for New York: stmr Friesland, for Phila
delphia.
GLASGOW — Arrived Aug 12 — Stmr Concor
dla. from Montreal, via Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Aug 12— Stmr Wesl
ernland. from Philadelphia.
Sailed Aug 12— Stmr Englishman, for Port
land.
BROWHEAD— Passed Aug 13 — Stmr New
England, from Boston, for Liverpool.
HAVRE — Arrived Aug 13 — Stmr La Tou
raine, from New York.
MANCHESTER — Sailed Aug 12 — Stmr Bos
tonian. for Bopton. . * •
NEW YORK— Sailed Aug 12^ — Stmr La
Champagne, for Havre; stmr Laurentlan. for
Glasgow; stmr Grosser Kurfunt, for Bremen.
Violates Cigar Ordinance.
Tom Sing:, a cigar manufacturer at Clay
and Stockton streets, was arrested yes
terday on a warrant issued by Police
Judge Mogan charging him with violating
the new ordinance regarding the manu
facture of cigara. The complaining wit
ness is J. H. Kramer, Inspector for the
Board of Health, who alleges that the
Chinese was drying moistened tobacco
on floors and stands, which had a ten
dency to contaminate and Injuriously af
fect the tobacco. Instead of using clean
cloths stretched on boards approved by
the Board of Health.
Fountain Pen News.
To fit your hand, it is necessary to buy
where all grades of the best makes are in
stock. The "Waterman," "Swan" and
"Marshall" fountain pens fill every want.
Prices, $1 to $5 each. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. - •
Nolan Taken to San Quentin.
Michael Nolan, who was sentenced to
serve twenty-five years In San Quentin
by Judge Cook for his Participation in the
robbery of Mrs. Emma V. Mathews at
543 Haight street ori the afternoon of
March 4, was taken from the County Jail
to the penitentiary yesterday/ He had
been granted a ten days' stay by the
Judge, which expired on Wednesday.
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height Of
tide la the same at both places.
FRIDAY. AUGUST 14.
Bun rises 5:23 a. m.
Sun sets 7:00 p. m.
Moon rises 10:24 p. m.
D Time Time Time Time
» Ft. — Ft. —— Ft. Ft.
i» H W L W H W L W
14 . T:20 4.1 8:57 1.9 3:30 5.2 10:10 l.S
15 4:35 3.9 9:47 2.3 4:15 5.3 11:18 1.0
10 6:01 3.8 10:47 2.6 5:0!) 5.4
L W • H XV L W H W
17 0:24 0.6 7:28 3.9 11:55 2.8 6:10 5.5
18 1:25 0.2 8:37 4.2 1:05 2.8 7:14 5.«
10 2:20 — 0.3 J):32 4.5 2:10 2.7 8:17 5.8
20 3:12—0.5|10:18 4.8 8:07 2.5 9:17 6.0
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as i-\ tlm«; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the heights, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth riven by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
Redondo San Pedro Aug. 14
Chico Coqullle River Aug. 14
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Aug. 14
S. Barbara... Seattle & Olympia .... Aug. 14
Point Arena.-. Mendocino & Pt. Arena Aug. 14
Kamona Ban Padro & Way Pti. Aug. 14
Bonlta Seattle Aug. 15
Bdith Seattle Aug. 15
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma Aug. 15
R. Dollar San Pedro Aug. 15
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 15
Corona Humboldt fAUg. 15
Clavering China & Japan Aug. 15
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports Aug. 15
San Pedro.... Grays Harbor Aug. 10
San Mateo Tacoma Aug. 10
Chehalis Grays Harbor Aug. IB
Del Norte.... Crescent City Aug. 17
Amer. Maru.. China & Japan Aug. 17
State Of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 17
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.. Aug. 17
North Fork... Humboldt Aug. 18
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Aug. 18
Argo Eel River Ports Aug. 18
Pomona Humboldt Aug. IS
Coronado Grays Harbor Aug. 18
Enterprise.... Hllo Aug. Is
Coos Bay Newport & Way Ports. Aug. 18
Columbia Portland & Astoria. . . Aug. ' 18
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Prts. Aug. 20
Centralia Grays Harbor Aug. 20
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports.... Aug. 1'U
Acapulco New York via Panama Aug. 20
Rival Willapa Harbor Aug. 22
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom... Aug. 22
Bonita J San Pedro & Way Pts. Aug. 22
J. Dollar... ».] Seattle & Tacoma Aug. 2.1
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria.... Aug. 2.1
SlIeBia I Seattle Aug. 21
. TO BAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
AuKHflt 14.
Arctic Los Angeles Ports, ft am Pier 10
Olympic Whatcom & Kairhn 12 mPUr 2
S. Monica.. Los Angeles Ports.. 12 m Pier 2
Queen . Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier »
Pomona.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Argo Eel River Ports.... 4 pm Pier 2
AllRlKt 15.
Montara .. Seattle 5 pm Pier 0
Czarina.... Coos Bay Direct... 5 pm Pier 8
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor 1 pm Pier ..
8. Barbara. Los Angeles Ports.. 9 am Pier 2
San Jose N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Mariposa... Tahiti direct 11 am Pier 7
Xlameda. .. Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
St. Paul.... Nome & St. Michael 2 pm Pi«r 27
Aiifftint US.
Arcata Coos B.&Pt. Orford 10 am Pier 13
Phoenix... Mendocino Direct.. 1 pm Pier 13
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 19
Q. W. Elder Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Auffost 17.
Chlco Coqullle River 6 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt ......... 112 m Pier 13
Corona Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 9
Bonlta San Pedro & Way. . 0 am Pier 19
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. ...... 4 pm Pier 2
Angnkt 18.
Atholl China & Japan... 2 pm Pier 27
Coptic. China & Japan l pm Pier 40
Nebraskan. Honolulu & Kahulul 3 pm Pier 16
Co'ronado... Los Angeles P°rts.. 10 am Pier 10
San Pedro.. Humboldt ........ 4 pm Pier 2
Alliance Eureka A Coos Bay 10 am Pier 16
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
Centennial.. Seattle A^Tac^ma.. 10 am Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 19
Mlnnewaska New York direct pj er _
North Fork. Humboldt ......... 5 pm Pier 2
AuffUKt 21.
Coos Bay. . . Newport & Way. . . 9 am Pier 19
Columbia.*. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
City Panam N. Y. via Panama 12 m Pier 40
Auisnftt 24.
Umatllla...] Puget Sound Ports. 11 am|Pier 0
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. Sails.
City Topeka. . Skagway & Way Port* Aug. 14
Al-Kl Skagway & Way Ports Aug. j 15
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports Aug. 15
Oregon Nome Aug. ltt
Panta Ana.... Cr.oks Inlet & Way Pts. Aug.. 16
Dolphin Bktgway & Way Ports Aug.' 17
Portland..... Nome & St. Michael.. Aug. 20
Dirlgo Skagway & Way Ports Aug. 20
City Seattle... Bkagway & Way Ports Aug. 21
Nome City.... Cooks Inl«t & Way Pta. Aug. 25
Father Demands Return of
Cash Advance for Treat
ment of Daughter.
an Odd Suit Against
Restaurateur.-
T. P. Hawthorne Brings
SAYS WAITER
STOLE MONEY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, AUGUST 14. 1903.
Brings Home Party of Scientists Sent to Southern Island by the
Academy of Sciences to Gather Natural History Specimens
to Be Added to the Local Institution's Already Large Collection
SCHOONER MARY SACHS BACK FROM
SOCORRO WITH CARGO OF RARE BIRDS
7
AMUSEMENTS.
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECREATION PARK.
EIGHTH AND HARRISON
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY. 3:30 P. M.; SAT-
URDAY. 3:00 P. M.
SUNDAY 2:30 P. M.
OAKLAND vs. SAN FRANCISCO.
LADIES' DAYS THURSDAY AND FRIDAV.
Advance Sale. B Stockton St..
LECTURES AND CONCEBTS.
/2!P®!t?p STEINWAY MALL,
&U^^^^^ Sunday nlsrht ut 8:15,
•HSSwaSilsSAxlllI " The Marconi of the
TSE KA3iER >* CT FATE
"p\ With expcrimontH In
*BWZWWD . Ticket.° U 2&c. 7Sa.
BATLWAY TBA VEL.
B *™4 I al D rfTi at* aTH d £%
\jQlii\H Ilia
Limited...
to CHICAGO
An Ideal Train
[iilljlliOil] or nose no
K~^^lTI Seek the Best.
SANTA FE TRAINS.
Leave Mark«t>8treet Ferry Depot.
' " Local | Lim'd I Local lOv'rl'd
Dally Daily Daily Daily
Lv Ran Fran.... 7:30a 0:30a 4:00 p 8:00 p
Ar.' Stockton 10:40 a 10:01 p 7:10 p 11:15 p
"Merced l:05p l:55p 1:28a
•• Fresno ..... .. 2:40 p 3:20 p 3:15 a
"Hanford..... 4:Cfip 4:07p ., 7:50a
"Visalla 4:55p 4:43p 5:00a
"Bakersfleld .. 7:l5p 6:00p 7:35a
" KansMClty.. . v .... 2:35a 7:00a
"Chicago 2:15p SA, p
a for morning; p for afUmooa
7-30 a. m. Dally i* Bakersfleia Local, etop.
pine at all points in San Joaquln Valley. ' Cor-
responding train arrive* at 8:55 a. m. daily,
0-30 a. m. Monday and Thursday ia the
CAIiirOBKIA I.rMITED, carrying 1 Pal-
ace Sleeping 1 Cars and Dlnlngr Cars
through to Chicago. Chair car runs to Bakers-
field for accommodation of local flrst-claas pas-
sengers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. -Corresponding train arrives at
11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
0-30 a. m. Dally. Valley Limited. Composite
Car and Reclining Chair Car between Bakers-
field and San Francisco. Corresponding train
arrives at 11:10 p. m. daily.
4:00 p. m. is Btockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives at 11:10 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Dally la the Overland Express
with through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. COr.
responding train arrives at 6:25 p. m. daily.
Personally conducted parties for Kansas City,
Chicago and East leave San Francisco every
Monday, Thursday and Saturday at 8 p. m.
Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry D«.
tot. Saa Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
AMUEEMEir_-S.
| lv H J~Vi ILm 5 B*la»c« •
**^ '" ¦ O U ""* > " lr • p r oriieto-^.
siurkct ft., near ElKhth Phone South 533.
"TOTS — rULL BETT7niTS JErFKlEO-
COSEETT CONTEST WILL BE
READ ?ECM Orrs, STAGE
TO-XriGBT.
TO-NIGHT— LAt-T THRES NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND cl.NDAT.
'Man's Enemy"
DeaJlsx With the Evils of Drink:
'Ji'ffF^ Ever.Jccs 10c to M>c
» '^LJ Msunee* 10c. 15c. 2Sc
Grar.a Army W«y»k, Aosnst 17.
9 G\"
ELFIB FAY,
"Tfce Crassest Soubrette on the Americas
SiHse."
Lew Ea\rkiris; Sidney Wilmer and
Company; Mass Wynne "Winslow
and The" Great Kaufmann Troupe.
Last times of Pooley and Ten-
brooke; Boberts, Hayes and B-ob-
erts; George Austin and Macart's
Dog« and Monkeys.
ru>«?rved Seat?. '2Z*-: Balcony, 10c; Box Seata
and <_'r>*-ra I'haJzr. tOc
Ti\/A! 1 opera
E ¥ UjLI house.
• TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
SATVHDAT MATINEE.
THE GREAT SPECIAL. ENGAGEMENT OF
CAMILLE D'ARVILLE
In Snita and D*Kcven'« Comic Opera.
"THE HIGHWAYMAN."
rVNEKCL. 13RIGHT
AND ATTRACTT\*E THROUGHOUT.
EDWIN STEVENS AS POXY QUILJ-ER-
Artbur Cunnineham. Ferrla Hartman. Ed-
ward Webb, Annie Myers. Bertha Davis. Alme«
Leicester and all tfce big Tivoll Company.
ORCHESTRA UNDER PAUL STEINDORFT.
Witch !er lit Crui Optra Setiea.
Topular rMre*- — 25c. 50c. T5c
Telephone Busb 0.
Powell atreet. rear Market.
LAST 3 NIGHTS.
MATLN'EE EATURDAT.
EZRA KENDALL
Ia the lEmpr.se Comedy Hit,
THE VINEGAR BUYER
Last Time Next Suniay Night.
VfkTP TS * first wec "' oi tb *
nil It. Oenrj Miiler^Marg aret Anglin
Pearon -vnl! own NEXT MONDAY NIGHT
end wiil be devoted to G/eorre Btrr.ard 8haw's
four-art rlay. -THE DEVIL'S DISCIPLE.'
The ADVANCE SALE OF SEATS IS NOW
P8OCBBBSXKO.
M^tir.fs Wednesday and Saturday.
f AkiFORN I A
3 _ >.: ;• rcwrrful crrasliatioa SeJI
of its kind in America. 0 1
KriLL-uanoaco co. * *
Presenting the Comedy Ko-
• 1%J A &OTA.Z. PAMH.T A%J
JyQ Sunday— To Grwt the Na- J5O
t!on'« H<froea.
2Jj EHEWAiraOAJS 2Jb
Greatest of a!l T\"ar Drama*.
2<<0 REGULAR SOLDIERS
r~*« IN THE GP.EAT BAT- SB
n c TUB tiCESE. Kgi
I HEAT FUJI
— «— MATIHXE TO-S1O&SOW
IN HARVARD IS UXDOUDTEDLY THE
BEST PERFORMANCE OF THE PRESENT
SEASON AND MADE AN IMMEDIATE
HIT. — Examiner.
TO-NIGHT^
EVERY NIGHT.
RAYMOND AND CAVERLY
Ar.d Our Euiwb Eastern Company, in
8n Harvard
PRICES— 25c. 50c. 75c.
ALCAZAR T^r
Gen. Mgr.
TO-NIGHT— FARETVELL WEEK of
WHITE WHITTLESBY
>.s D' Arts tzr.ZTi in a F'.ne Production of
THE THREE MUSKETEERS.
Evf., 25c to".c; Mat. Tliur. & Pat . I.'.c to .V»c.
NEXT MONDAY— B*la»oo & Mavrrs great
?I>*c!al prwrntation of tb* quaint rural comedy.
THE DAIRY FARM.
A* Given Over 1200 Times in the East.
First Time in San Francisco
COAST TOUR TO FOLLOW.
Y.v.c-ls All th* OthT Rurlffifixiff.
"QUO VASS ISS" and * I
"THE BIG LITTLE PRINCESS" f
The FunxileFt and Clfvcrert Playe in the
CJtjr. »io»t Magnincently Staged.
O\ir "All Star" Cai>t Including:
KOLB end DILL.
BARNEY liERNARD.
WINFIELD BLAKE,
HARRY HERMHEN,
MAUDE AMBER.
ELEANOR JENKINS.
Etc.. Etc.. Etc.
i'.EFERVED FEATS.
NiffhtF. 2.V. 50c and TRc.
Haturdty and Sunday Matinee*. 25c and 50c.
""hiidrtn at Matin*"*^. l<Jc and 25c.
Bnlletins From the fight Might!
LESTER AND fURTIN; LITTLE BLOSSOM
AND A c-.P.KAT SHOW EVERY AFTER-
NOON AND EVENING IN THE THEATER
Ine^ct "CABARET DE LA JJORT."
VISIT THE POUND AND ONE-HALF BABY
IN THE INFANT INCUBATOR.
THREE BAI3Y TIGERS IN THE ZOO
ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN. 5c
Vltit tbe
"Mystic Mirror Maze."
Paixrf* D °N'T FAIL TO
1 ttiaWW gce the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
P'flll room, the EMPIRE
CillUj P ARLO R, the
r < i PALM ROOM.the
trHflO LOUIS XV PAR-
Viai f U LOR, and the LA-
O^j | DIES' WRITING
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Train* le»v« mid are due to »rri ve s>!
»AN KUAXCISCO.
(Main Line, foot uf Murlctt Street ) -
L«tTi — Fkom Acac»T 1. 1908. — AaairT
7 00* Beotcls, Saisun. Klmlra aad Sscra-
meoto '•?§'
7.00a Vsc«Tllle. Winter*. Ramiey 7.2Sf
7.30a Martinez, 8na Rftmoa, Vullejo,
Napa. Ca!I«:oZ». .San t» ltoia t.25**
7.30a Nllea. Llveraiore. LaUirop. Stock-
ton... 7.25»
8- 00a Pkti«, Woodland. KnlghU Landing.
MarysTllie. OrorQle, (connects
•t MarrtTllle for Grldlcj, Biggs
andCbleo) 7.5S»
|.00x Atlantic Express— Oxden and Emi. 10.25*
8.00a Port Cotta, Marlines. AnMoco. By
ron.Tr»cy. Stockton. aacrmnaea to.
— , Lot Danoa, Mendota. llaaford,
Vlaalla. PorterrUl* "«4^Sr
8410a. Port Cotta, Martlnam. Tracy. Latb-
rup, Moiievto. Merced. ITretno.
Cottten Jonetlon, Hanford, VI-
t»lia. Bakenaeld S23»
8.30a Sliuu Kiprent— DsvU. wniiami
(for Bartlett Bprlnars), Willows,
tFrnto, Red P'.u.T, Portlaod 7-5S?
8.30a Nlles. Saa Jose, Llvertnore. StocJc-
toD.Ionn.Sacramento.PlacerrlUe,
MaryiTille. Calco. IUd Uluff 4-ZSr
840a Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. 6o-
norn. Tuoltimne aod Antrelt 4-zSv
9 00a Martinet sod Way Sutlons. 8 55*
10.00a Vallejo 12.25*
diO.OOA El Pato Pau«Dfer. EMtbonnd.—
Port CosU, Martinez, Brron.
Tracy. Latbrop. Stockton,
Merced. Uaymond, Frrsno, Han-
ford. VUalia, BakertSeld. Los
Aneelet and Kl Paao. (Wt-at-
boond arrtTe* via Ceant Line)... «1.33»
10 00a The OTerlaod Limited — Oeden,
Denver, Oma&a. Chlcufro. 623'
1200m Hayward. Nlles and Wbj SUUont. 3 23r
11.00r Bacnmento RlTer 8teatnera.. til.OOr
330r Benlcia, Winter*. 8acram«nto,
Woodland. Williams, Colu»«,Wll-
lowt. Knlsrbt* Laadlnar. M»ry»-
Tllle. Orovllle ami way utatloBs.. 105S4
3 30r Hayward. Nllea and War Sutloat.. 7 55*
4 OOr Marttnez.Sau Uainon.VallejcsNapa,
CalUtoga. BanUlioaa 9.25a,
4. OOp Martinez, Tracy. Latnrop.Stockton. 10 25a.
4 OOp Kllea, LlTermor*. Stockton. Lodl.. 4.25r
4 30p Hayward. Nlles, IrvlnKlon, Saa t t8-55 a
Jot*. LlT«rmore f tl 1.55a
B COp Tbe Owl Liml«d— Fresno. Tnlare.
BaKeriQcM, Lou AageK'S; eon-
ncctt at Snagut tor 6aata Bar-
bara 8.55a
6.60F Port Costa. Tracy, Stockton, Los
Banoa 12-25*
t630r Hayward. Nlles and San Jo«e 7.25a.
600p Hayward, Ktles and San Joss 10-2&*
6.00P Oriental Mall — Otrden. UcnTer.
Omaba, St. Loult. Cnicaso and
Eatt. (Carries Pullman CV P«*-
tensers only oat of Hsu Fran*
citco. Tourltt car and coach
paanencers take 7.00 r. M. train
to Reno, continuing thence la
their carat p.m. train eastward.. 4 25*
WetttKiund, Sunset Limited.—
From New Tork. Chicago. New
Orleans, £1 Pato. Los Angeles,
Fretno. Bermuda, Raymond (from
To#emlte). Vartlnex. Arrives.. 8 25*
7 .COr Eta Pablo, Port Costs, Martlaes
and War Stations. 11 25a
J7-00* Vallejo ,. 7.66*
7-CQp Port Coata, Benlcla, Suisan, Patis,
Sacramento, Truekee. Keno>
Stops at all tutions east of
Sacramento 7. 65*
8C5p Oregon * California Express— Sae-
ramento, MarytTille, Redding.
Portland, Puget 3onnJ and Eatt. 8-55*.
J8.10P Bajward, Nllea and Saa Jo<e (Sun-
day only) :1155«
11.25* Port Cotta. Tracy. Latnrop, Mo- V.
deito. Merced. Raymond (to Yo-
temite). Fresno, Uanford, VI-
talia, Bakenfleld 12.2S1
COAST LINE (aarwiw tiaage).
(Foot of Market Street.)
17.45a Santa Cru Kieurtlon (Sunday
enly) ttAQr
8.15a Kewark. Centerville. Ssa Jose,
• Felton. Boaloer Creek, SanU
Cras and Way Stations 8 25»
t2.16P Newark, Centerrllle, San Jose.
New Almaden.Los Gatos. Felton.
Boulder Creek, Santa Crui and
Principal Way Station 10-55*
4.1Sr Newark. San Jote, Los Gatos and
way stations (na Saturday and
Sunday ran* through to SanU
Crnz; Monday only from Santa
Crnz). Connects at Felton to
and from Bonlder Crwek t8.CT|
.OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FKANC1SCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip ft
-t7:15 t:0O 11:00 aJf. 1.00 300 515 p.m.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t«:0O ia-.et
tS:OS 10:00a.m. 12 00 200 400p.m.
COAST LINE <Hroa<l tl»a«e).
Or (f bird and Towntend Streets.)
6.10a San Jote and Way Stations..* 7 .3 Of
t7 00a Ban Joie and Way Stations..... ... B-30r
/8.00a New Almaden (Tuph., Frld.) /4.10v
:7.15a Monterey and Santa Cruz Excur
tion (Sunday only> t&JQ»
¦ 00a Const Line Limited— Stops only Saa
Jote.Gllroy.Hollister.i'aJaro.Caa- M
troTille. Sallnan. San Ardo,Pa*o P
Boblet, Santa Margrarit*. Saa Lais
Obispo,(prlacipil nations thence)
BantaBarbara.8aaerus andLot An-
geles. Connection at CastroTilia
to and from Monterey and Pacific
Grove and at Pajaro north bound
from Capitol* and gantaCraz.... 10.48*
8X0a gtn Jose. Tres Plnos. Capitols,
Pan taCruz, Pacific Orov*,8»llnss,
Ban Luis Obispo and Principal
Intermediate Sutlons.... 4-109
Westbound El Paao Passenger.—
From Chicago* Kl Paao. Los An-
.„ __ geles, SanU Barbara. ArrlTes.. I.JOf
1030a Sa a j o «e and Way Buttons.... .... 1.2QV
11 -00a Cemetery Paatenper— Boats Ssa
* _. Frsncisco, San Bruno 1.059
11. 30 a San Jote, Lot Gatot and Way Su-
r"_r tlont B.J8F
•1-30F Ssn Jote and Way Stations X 7-009
2. COp Ean Joie and Way Stations 19.40a
Z.30P Cemetery Passentrer— SAuth San
<.^.._ Francisco. San Brnno 4.35f
t l3.00r Del Monte Rzpress— Santa Clara,
San Jote, Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacific Orore (connects at SanU
Clara for SanU Craz, Bonlder
- Tf . Creek and Narrow Qaare Points) M2.15>
*-6ur Bnrllng-ame. San Mateo, Redwood,
Menlo Park. Palo A Ito Mayfleld.
Monnuin View. Lawrence. Santa ¦ .
Clara. San Joee, Gliroy (connec-
tion for Holllster. Tres Finos).
rafsro (connection for Watson*
vine. Capitols and SanU Crui),
Psciflo Grove and way stations. .
, Connects at Castrovtlla for Sa-
m •«_ lln * f 10.41U
4j0f San Jote and Way Sutlont 8.38a
to COp ean Jose. (tl» Santa Clara) Los
tiatos, Wright and Principal Way
Stations f9C0*
|530p San Jose and PriaclpajVTay Stations +8. 00a
t S-I&p Ssn .Mateo. Beresford,BKhnont.8aa
\- . Csrlot. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Psrk. Palo Alto tB-48A
6.30P San Jose and Way Sutlons. 6. 35 a
7 OOp Snntet Limited. Eastbonnd.— San
Lull Obispo. Santa Barbara. Los
Angelet, Detnfng. S] Paso. New
Orleans, New York. (Westbound
arrlTes rl» Sun Joaqutn Valley)... «r8.?S»
8. OOr Palo Alto and Way Stations 10.1S*
• 11 3Cp MUlbrae. Psio Alloud Way Stv
tlons 19.457
all 30r MUlbrae, San Joto and Way Su-
tloas... t9.45y
A for Morning. p for Atternoon.
X Saturday and Sunday only.
I Stops at al) stations on Sanday.
t Sunday excepted. X Sunday only.
a Saturday only.
4 Connects at Ootoen Jc with trains fdr HaaiOM
Vlsalia. At Fremo. for VlsalUvis 8anj«r.
* via Coatt Line. /Tuesday and Friday.
« Arrtre *ta Nllet. n Dally except Saturday.
v Via San Joaqaln Taliey.
1 Stops SanU Clan% south bound on!y. Connects,
except Sunday, for all polntt Narrow Gauge.
CT Only trains stopping at Valencia St. *. uthbonn4
are 0:10 a.m.. 11:00 a.m.. t.SO p.m. and 6:» t.u.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
.Leave Tia Sjuaiita turj Arrive
SmaPnn. to* sf Martst ft San Fraa.
Week Sun- jpega^ 3un- | Week
Da>~s. days y^^QSJJSSk^ dajn Dar*.
*s4Sa »:OOa te^i*<3lft^l l^i>»Mtf:lJ*
l:45p 9:OO A V©S2N?af5S/ 1 »:."»<> r 3:3«»f
t:\br IO.OOk i.&Q,
2:35p 8jOOp '"
TIClir 1 624 NUaajCT Sr~ ( N'ortb Shore r-|ilro«4>
amCB | and Sausalito Fuuiv, Foot M»'*— ••
The North Western 5
Union Pacific Excursions
afford unusual opportunities for* an
• economical and satisfactory journey to
ChicagorEast
Excursions Every Day
Personally conducted parties leave
San ,Francisco every Wednesday,
I Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
Leave Los Angeles one day earlier.
Choice of routes.
For full Information apply to or »dd«<»
R. R. RITCHIE, S. F. BOOTH,
General Agent, Gen'l Agent Pus'r OepC,
Chicago St Nrrth- Western Ry. Union Pacific R. R.
6 1 7 Market St. No. 1 Montgomery St.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
* PICTO*^
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEB
SAN FRANCISCO AhU NORTH PACIFIC
x ZUULWAT COUPAaT.
Tianxcn Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FSAHCZSCO TO SAN BAPAEJO.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 8:00, 0:00. 11:00 a. m.:
12:35, 2:30. 3:40. 6:10. 5:50. <S:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1 :S0 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7 :.T0. 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30, 3:40. 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAN BAFAEL TO SAN FBANC1SCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 6:50. 7:35. 7:50, 0:20.
11:15 a. m.: 12:30, »2:00. 3:40, 5:00. 5:20,
0:1*5 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35. 9:20. 11:15 a. m.: 1:45.
3:40, 4:50, 5:00. B:20. 6:10. 6:25 p. m.
4 'Except Saturdays.
J>ave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco, f May 3. 1003. | San Franc I sco.
Week I Sun- I Destina- I Sun- j Week
Daya. | 4ayg. | tlon. | daya. j Daya.
7:30 <i ~" 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30a 8:00 a 8:40 a S:40a
S:00a 9:30 a Ignacio. 10:20 a 10:2Oa
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:0O p 0:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 pj - fl:2Op 7:25 p
j 7:25 p
7:30 a 7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:00 a ?:0Oa Novato. 10:20a 10:20 a
2:30 p »:30a I'etaluma. 6:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 al 7:30 a 10:20 a[10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:23 p 6:20 p
2:30 pi 2:30 p j 7:25 p
I Windsor. I
7:30 a 7:30 a Ilpaldsburg, 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyserville, 7:25 p 7:25 p
H Cloverdale.
7:30 al 7:S0a| Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. j 7:23 pj 7 25 p
7:30 a| 7:30 a| "Willits. | 7:25 p| 7:23 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Camp Vacation. 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30p|2:30p| Guernevllle. |7:25p| 6:20 p
8:00a) S:0Oa| Sonoma. I 8:40a. 8:40a
/ 5:10 p( 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. t6:00p C:20p
7:30 a| 7:30 al 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30p|2:30p) Sebantopol. | 7:23 p| 6:20 p
STAGES oonnfct at Green Brae tor San
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs: at Fvltcn for Aluurt.i and Mark
West Sprinps; at Lytton for Lytton Springs;
at Geyserville for Skagga Springs; at Clover-
dale for the Geysers. Booneville and Green-
wood; at Hopland for Duncan Springs. High-
land Fprlngs. Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Spring*.
Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy Sprinss. Saratoga Springs,
Blue Lakes. Laurel i>ll Lake. Witter Springs
Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's,
Riverside, Lierly'a, Bucknell's. Sanhedrin
Heights, Hullville, Orr"s Hot Springs. Half-
way House, Comptche, Camp Stevens. Hop-
kins. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg, Westport,
Usal; at Wllllts for Fort liragg, Westport.
Sherwood, Cahto. Covello, Laytonvlllo, Cum-
mlngs. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen'a Dyer.
Garberville, Pepperwood, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half-rates.
Ticket office, • 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt.
SAN QUENTIN,
1^^^^^^ MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
la^Pg^^Jtr^^^ via Sausalito Ferry
WEEK DAYS— (Holidays excepted)— 6:45
t*7:45, 8:45, 0:45, 11 a. m., 12:20, *1:43. 3:lo,
4:15, t5:15, *G:lf>. C:4.\ 0. 11:45 p. m.
7:45 a. m. train week days does not run to
Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS. AND 'LEGAL HOLIDAYS— 7.
t8. f9. t'10,,11. +11:30 a. m., |12:30 t 4 l:3u.
2:35. »3:5O. 5. 6, 7:30. ft. 11:45 p. m.
Train* marked <*) run to San Quentin. Those
marked (t) to Fairfax except 5:13 p. m. Sat-
days. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train runs
to Fairfax.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week Jays— 5:25. t«:25, 7:40. 8:15. fc»:3o,
11:05 a. m., 12:30, 2:20. t3:45, 4:50. R:30, 6:45.
10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— fl:15. 7:35. tS:10. 0:40. J1O:53.
$11:45 a. m.. 12:50. 2:30, *3:23, 4:40, J5.30.
6:53. 7:35, 10:20 p. m.
Trains marked (t> start from San Qupntin
FROM MILL VALLKY TO SAN FRAN- '
CISCO— Week days— 5:45. 6:40. 7:45. 8:23.
9:45 11:10 a. m., 12:40. 2:45. 4:15. 5:10. 7:05,
10:40 p n«.
SUNDAYS— «:35. 7:53, 10 11:10 a m. 12:05
1:05. 2:40. 3:45. 4:55. 6:05." 7:10. 10:40 p m.
THROUGH TRAINS. !
7:45 a. m., week days— Cazadero and way
stations.
0:1.1 p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomalea and way stations.
3:15 p. m.. Saturdays— Cazadero and way
stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 8 a. m.. Caza-
dero and way stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays*— 10 a. m.. Point
Reyes and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— <526 Market st,
. FERRY— Foot ol Market st.
BAILWAY TRAVEL. ___-__jl
LOW T° Points
m Aug. 18, 19, 25, 26.
Full particulars, Call
ii^iss^nii ' ° r Adaress 623 Mar "
. C A. RDIBERFORD,MANCHESTER, Mass.. Aug. 13 -The
British intercollegiate golfers to-day de
feated tlfe All-Massachusetts team the
second of their contests in this country
on. the links of the Essex County Club'
by. 3 points to 2.
British Golfers Win.
Feud Case Goes to the Jury.
CYNTHIANA. Ky.. Aug. 13.-ln the Jett
and White trial to-day Judge J'rye, Com
monwealth's Attorney, made the closing
argument. Judge Frye said tq'the Jurors
that if they turned these men f loo3e they
might as well go home and lit anarchy
and assassination reign. At he conclu
sion of his address the case wts given to
the jury. At a late hour tha Jury was
locked up for the night. A d*a«reement
is expected. ..__
Lord Salisbury, whose health was se
verely shaken by the death of his wife
in November, 1S99. - was 111 on the Conti
nent during the whole of last winter. Ac
cording to the Medical Prejs and Circu
lar, his Lordship has suffered for years
from intestinal aresls. He was reported
to have been much Improved in health on
his return to England, but at the begin
ning of June he caught a chill which
troubled him considerably. The latest re
port, however, dated August 7, said that
Lord Salisbury. was preparing an import
ant work, on chemical electrical science.
IMs stated to-night that there is no im
mediate danger, although it is admitted
that the condition of the Marquis is crit
ical. - ; - y .
LONDON, Aug. 13.— Lord Salisbury is
seriously indisposed, according to infor
mation received here direct from his fam
ily at Hatfield House. The ex-Premier is
greatly exhausted and physicians are in
attendance.
The Kellogg Switchboard and Supply
Company filed two suits, each for $15 000
against unions involved in the strike
which terrorized Chicago several weeks
ago -and is at ill on. In addition to these
cases six young women, employes of the
Kellogg Switchboard and Supply Com
pany, have sued for slander and libel
eight women who participated in the Kel
logg strike, each case being for $1000 dam
ages.
CHICAGO, Aug. 13.— Damage suits
against labor unions and members of
unions aggregating $S6,000 were filed In
Chicago courts to-day. John M. Stiles
painting contractor, who alleges. that his
business has been ruined by labor unions
sued the Painters' District Council and
unions affiliated with it in the Building
Trades Council for $50,000.
Chicago Employers Seek Damages for
Ruin of Business. ,-\ • .
UNIONS ABE STJED.
Suffers' From Effects of
Chill Contracted
in June.
LORD SALISBURY
CRITICALLY ILL
Pacer Captures Purse
and Establishes New
Track Record.
SEATTLE, Auk. 13. — The Southern Pacific
irenerml agency here announces that a rate
of on« fare for the round trlD from Los An
geles and San Francisco to Portland has been
put into effect on account of the cession . of
the Trans-Mlsslfclppi Commercial Congress at
Seattle. • ¦
Spedal Dispatch to The Call,
VALLEJO, Aug. 13.— The California
racing circuit opened to-day with a large
attendance at the track. A new track
record of 2:11>4 was established by the
pacer Ben F.
In the opening raca for the 2:17 » class
thirteen pacers appeared and the bad
luck that Is supposed to attend that num
ber was made manifest. Pinkie H, driven
by J. W. Zlbbell, broke some of her gear
ing In scoring and fell. She was, with
drawn. A little later Monroe S, handled
by Zibbell Jr., in prancing about demol
ished the wheels , of the sulky. Zlbbejl
pluckily held on until the track attend
ants got the spirited gelding by the head.
Then followed much scoring before the
pacers were given the word v to start.
Ben F, an 8 toU shot, took the lead and
at no time was the money of his backers
in danger. - He won in -2:12Vi.- -The sec-
CANADIAN CUP IS WON
BY THE IBONDEQTJOIT
American Boat's Victory Is Not Re
ceived Graciously by the Ex- .
' , cursion ¦; Fleet.
TORONTO, Ontario, Aug. 13.— The fifth
and "deciding race for the Canada's cup
was started to-day. The course was a
triangle of twenty-one mlles-r-seven. miles
to a leg. The wind at the start was light
from off shore,; real' Strathcona weather.
The betting, however, -was 5 to 4 on the
American boat 1 The Irondequolt won by
one minute and thus captured the Ca
nadian cup. C'i } ' '
When the American boat dashed across
the line the excursion fleet did not take
the -loss of the Canada's cup very.gra^
clously. ¦¦; Not a whistle was heard for
some minutes. Finally, however, the ex
cursion steamers saluted the victorious
American boat and crew. ' . -y
Parry's speech this afternoon was an
arraignment of organized labcr in his
usual vein and elicited much applause.
David M. Parry, president of the Man
ufacturers' Association, was to have de
livered his address on "The Mob Spirit
In Organized Labor" In the morning, but
he was delayed and did not arrive until
this afternoon. Kidd was to nave fol
lowed him, but the other schedule was
upset and Kidd spoke first. However, he
was supplied with a summary of the' re
marks Parry purposed to make, and so
was able to some extent to anti.-Ipate the
points made.
CHAUTAUQUA. N. T.. An*. 11—
Thomas L. Kidd. vice president of tha
American Federation of Labor, opened
the discussion to-day on the- "Labor
Unions and the Mob Spirit." He assarted
that the leaders In labor riots were usu
ally recent converts to unionism, flushed
with the possession of power.
One explanation of riots advanced by
him was that thousands of workingmen
have been embittered by the conditions of
tTieir childhood and their experiences In
later life with the company store, and tha
ethics of greed and power arrayed against
them have made them more desperate.
Kidd insisted, however, that the per
centage of riots in labor troubles was
very small, saying that records of 2^000
strikes in seven year/ show less than f n»
per cent attended by riots. He did not
believe Parry correctly represented the
employers of the country.
The employment of detectives and
agents who excite the men to violence*,
said Kidd, places much responsibility
upon certain employers.
The lawlessness of the few, he insisted,
should not obscure the good citizenship
of the majority of trade unionists.
The employer claims the right to con
duct his own business and the union In
sists upon the right to pass judgment
upon conditions under which the work la
done.
PRESCOTT, Ariz., Aug. 13.— Since tha
eiglft-hour law went Into effect three
meetings have been held here in an at
tempt to adjust the differences between
the miners and the mine operators. A
committee of citizens was appointed at a
mass meeting, one from the miners and
one from the operators, to attempt a set
tlement. At an adjourned meeting to-day
of the operators* and miners' committees
the operators submitted a revised scale
of wages and hours, making important
concessions over the former scale, but the
proposition was flatly refused by the min
ers, who stated that no concessions would
be made from their scale* which practice
ally amounts to ten hours' pay for eight
hours' work.
The new scale offered by the operators
was as follows: For sinking dry shaft.
$3 50 per day; wet shaft, $4; raises, $3 50;
drifting, crosscutting, $3 25; stopers, muck
ers and trammers, $3; shovelers, $2 75;
machine men. $3; pumpmen and timber
men, $3 50. for eight hours' work and $(
for ten hours' work.
This is * said to be the highest scale
paid in the United States. Because of its
failure the operators will now abandon
further negotiations with the union and
will import miners.
Thomas L. Kidd Dis
cusses Unions and the
Mob Spirit.
Demand That Operators
Adopt Their Scale
of Wages.
Corbett, revealing lines in his face and
on his forehead which the eye does not
note so harshly, owing to Jim's vivacious
manner. , Jeffries' photos show him with
rugged features and without any lines of
care. His easy going disposition and the
apparent absence of nerves In his body
readily account for this.
In the matter of attendance the fight is
expected to rank with the greatest in the
history of the sport in this country. The
record house was that attracted to the
Jeffries-Fltzslmmons fight In New York.
The receipts, as given out. were $66,000.
Corbett and McCoy drew $62,000; Fitzsim
mons and Ruhlln, $55,000; Corbett and Jef
fries, J41.000; Fitzsimmons and Sharkey,
$26,000.
In this city Fitzsimmons and Jeffries
drew $31,800; Jeffries and Ruhlln, $30,400;
Sharkey and Fitzsimmons, $21,800; Corbett
and Sharkey (four rounds), $16,000. The
receipts of the New York fights are those
given out by the management. It Is un
derstood the receipts were much greater,
but the true figures were suppressed in
order that people would not get jealous of
the promoters.
The fighters will divide 70 per cent of
the gross \ receipts of to-night's fight.
Seventy-five per cent of this will 'go to
the victor and 25 per cent to the loser.
The odds remain at 2 to 1, but there is
comparatively little betting owing to the
lack of Corbett money.
LABOR LEADER
EXPLAINS RIOTS
IHREE STRAIGHT
HEATS FOR BEN F
were discussing the probable out
come throughout the city yesterday and
their viewpoints could not be reconciled.
Each held that his man could not possi
bly Jose In to-night'e battle In Mechanics'
Pavilion for the heavy-weight champion
ship of the world.
Corbett's adherents Invariably point to
his going twenty-three rounds with Jef
fries in New York in May, 1900, during
which time the big boilermaker never put
a glove on him. It was when Corbett
changed his style of fighting In the last
round that he fell easy prey to Jeffries.
Since then Corbett has trained, as no
other nian ever trained before. He hap
effected a complete change in his muscu
lar system and at the same time has in
creased his weight slightly. Whether he
has replenished his store of vitality only
the actual conflict will develop.
His admirers try to draw a line on Jef
fries', present condition through his fights
with 'Ruhlln and Fitsslmmons. In both
of these he was noticeably, slow and delib
erate In his mode of attack and seemed to
have gone b,ack to a point where he de
pended entirely on his brute strength. He
IF it is the difference of opinion which
makes horseraclng, the same aphor
ism applies equally to prizefighting.
The friends of Jeffries and Corbett
The 2-year-old district pace brought out
four contestants. Sulsun won in jj two
straight heats in 2:43. Sweetheart was
second. The colts made a good showing.
The purses for the afternoon aggregat
ed $1300. The feature of Friday . after
noon's programme will be a 2:23 class trot,
with eighteen entries, for a $1000 purse.
The friends of Jeffries feel the appear
ance of the champion when he arrived at
Oakland on Wednesday justified all the
confidence they had placed in him. Seven
weeks in the open air of the -mountains
had worked, wonders in his condition. His
massive frame seemed to have 'taken on
more bulk, but with all his size he
showed the lines of the greatest natural
athlete that had ever stepped Into a ring.
It Is claimed for him that his method
of '.training has made him faster on his
feet than he has ever been.
The camera plays a petty trick with
ond heat was taken by Ben F in the track
record time of 2:11^. Ben F also cap
tured the third heat and first money.
The race proved a surprise to the talent.
The 2:12 trot developed nothing surpris
ing except that the starters did not make
the time of their class. Tom Smith was
first under the wire In each heat. The
best time made was 2:12. Rozell got sec
ond money.
ing circulated he said:
"I do hot believe the stories about Jef
fries not being in condition. I believe he
will show up in perfect form and I hope
he does. If I win I do not want people to
say I beat Jeffries when he was a~wreck.
I never received due credit for beating
Sullivan, some thinking he was on his
last legs, which was not the case. I
never caught any one napping that way.
When I fought them they were always at
their best."
bad lost all the quickness of movement
which marked his fight with Fitzsimmons
in New York. Coupled with these condi
tions were reports of Jeffries' careless
training methods, which gave an impres
sion he would not be in condition to stand
a fast fight.
Corbett was not one of those who be
lieved these reports. When they were be-
MINERS REFUSE
ALL CONCESSIONS
Faith of the Adherents of the Big Boxers Remains Un
shaken as the Time Draws Near for the Fight.
LATEST PHOTOGRAPHS OF JEFFRIES AND CORBETT. TAKEN ON THE EVE OF THEIR CHAMPIONSHIP BAT
TLE IN MECHANICS' PAVILION, SHOWING THE CHARACTERISTIC EXPRESSION OF EACH AS HE AP
j PEARED DURING HIS FINAL WORKOUT.
Chilean Cabinet Resigns.
SANTIAGO DE CHILE, Aug. 13.-Owing
to a political crisis the Cabinet has re
piirned. Important political changes are
expected.
WILLIS CARRIES
OFF GOLD MEDAL
Sergeant of Seventh In
fantry Victor at Be
nicia Range.
Special Diepatcn to The Call.
BENICIA, Aug. 13.— The competitive
(hooting between the United States troops
of Hie Department of California was con
cluded to-day at the Benicia range. The
scores made were very creditable as a
whole. The prize winners had to work
every inch of the way to carry off the
honors, as is* shown by the scores made
by the other competitors. The scores are
as follows:
Serreaut vrillia. Beventh Infantry. 729: Eex
ireant Sxyer. Fifteenth Infantry. 712; Lieuten
ant Whelan. Fifteenth Infantry. 701; Corporal
Hudson. Fifteenth Infantry. 690; Sergeant
SchafTer. Seventh Infantry. CS9; Sergeant Tim
mons. Thirteenth Infantry. CS6; Sergeant Re
cob, Seventh Infnntry, 677; Captain Oven
phlne. Cever.th Infantry. 672; Private Marks,
Thirteenth Infantry. 671 ; Corporal Van Scolke,
R*v«»r.th Infantry. 6*57; Sergeant Thompson!
Seventh Infantry. 663; Corporal Engiehart,
Seventh Infar.tr>'. W»l : Second Lieutenant Clap
man, Fifteenth Infantry. Wi; Private Brown,
Fifteenth Infantry. 641.
Sergeant Willis won the gold medal of
the department. He made an excep
tionally high score this morning in 600
500. 300 and 200 yard skirmish shooting!
He scored 73 points out of a possible 100.
which Is above the average. Willis is
a Tennesseran and has only been in the
service for three years. Lieutenant Whe
lart. Sergeant Saver and Corporal Hudson
won the silver medals and they, together
with Sergeant Willis, will comprise the
team that will represent the Department
of California at Fort Sheridan on the
20th instant, for which point they leave
In a day or two.
• The tug Slocum will bring three com
panies of the Seventh Infantry here to
morrow for regular range practice shoot
ing.
GOOD SCORES AT PRESCOTT.
Soldiers Meet in Departmental Cav
alry and Pistol Competition.
PRESCOTT. Ariz.. Aug. 13.— The shoot
ing to-day of competitors in the depart
mental cavalry and pistol competition
wm with carbines at a stationary target
at 200, 300. D00 and COO yards. The two
shorter ranges had eight-inch bullseyes
and the longer ones twenty-inch ob
jective. This afternoon the shooting was
at disappearing targets at 200, 300 and 500
yards.
The twelve highest total scores for the
two days' shooting are as follows, 703 be
ing the maximum possible score:
<"o!Tor»l Henry Henser, Fourteenth Cavalry.
447; Ltcutinai.t Cole, Ninth Cavalry. 546;
Lieutenant Llpplncott. Fourteenth Cavalry.
<K>: < "aiiiuin Howard. Fourteenth Cavalry. 523:
<_'orporml Geonre Watson. Fourteenth Cavalry.
W3; Private John-Carlson. Fifth Cavalry, r.ltj;
•"orporaj Huthkovtkt. band. Fourteerth Cav
alry, *W: tx— peant Georice Warren, Ninth C+v.
air- 4K«; Corporal Jesee Baker, Tenth Cav
alry. *"0, fcfrcc^nt Charles J. Downey. Four
teenth Cavalry. •ITS: Serjeant / Fred* rick
Jehnk», Fourteenth Cavalry. 468; Sergeant
eprncer II. Thu:na», Ninth Cavalry, 4C5.
MARYSYILLE. Aug. 13.— Negotiations
were concluded to-day whereby Paddle
Campbell, a well known miner, disposes of
the new Blue Point mine at Smaxtsville,
this county, to a company of East St.
Louis capitalists. The new Blue Point
mine for many years was a great pro
ducer, but was finally closed down by the
Anti-Debris Association by Injunction.
Th* present owners will Install heavy ma
chinery and work the gravel with gigantic
crushers instead of by hydraulic process
as heretofore.
Old Slice to Be Reopened.
WOODLAND, Aug. 13.— As a result of
the San Bernardino decision declaring un
constitutional certain sections of the mu
nicipal corporation act, the city of Wood
land will make no further efforts to col
lect license tax imposed on commercial
business after the expiration of the pres
ent quarter. The ordinance Imposing such
will be ' repealed and a new ordinance
passed imposing license taxes upon cir
cuses, traveling shows and business of
like character. The loss to Woodland on
account of the license tax imposed under
the section of the municipal incorporaton
acf being declared invalid ; amounts to
nearly $3000. The regular tax levy will be
Increased about 14 cents to meet the de
ficiency.
Decision Adverse to Municipal Cor
poration Act Greatly Reduces
Bevcnue of City.
TAX LEVY IN WOODLAND
TO BE HIGHER NEXT YEAB
It is only Justice to say that neither
Jeffries nor Corbett has anything to do
with this proceeding. " They are as
much chagrined over the state of af
fairs as any of the victims. They are
receiving no profit from the Increased
prices and while they cannot be damaged
pecuniarily by any lack of attendance
they are angry at being made the cats
paws of a clique of men who at heart
have neither decency, common honesty nor
the welfare of the fighting game to deter
them, from this scandalous course.
bulk of the tickets for the Cor
bett-Jeffrles fight to-night to fall into the
hands of scalpers and the public at large
can come to no other conclusion than that
the whole affair was premeditated in or
der to wring from a fight-crazed and long
suffering city additional prices for admis
sion to the ringside.
When the seats were first put on sale
at prices ranging from $3 to $20 each,
which in all reason are the highest prices
that should be charged for any exhibition
of this kind, the legitimate sale of tick
ets was such as to Justify the belief that
the largest crowd that ever attended a
"prize fight in this city would gather at
the Pavilion on this occasion. Men con
nected with the Yosemite Club and in a
position to give a good estimate confi
dently predicted that the house would
bring between $50,000 and $60,000, which
would mean that the capacity of the
building would be taxed.
Suddenly, after the tickets had been on
sale only a few hours it was announced
that all the $5, $10 and $13 seats had been
sold. What prompted this sudden rush
a week before the fight could not'be un
derstood by outsiders. Men who* have
been going to fights for years on applying
for a seat were confronted with the in
formation that there was none left. Why
this should be so was a mystery until
they started to walk away from the tick
et counter, when they would be tapped
on the arm by a scalper and offered a
choice seat at an advance of from 20 to
50 per cent over the original purchase
price.
For a week past every tout and rounder
in the tenderloin seemed laden down with
bundles of dght tickets, hawking them
about for a premium over the regular
price, and those who wished to attend
the fight were forced to dicker with them
for seats or remain away. In many cases
exorbitant prices were asked and all of
them demanded at least 20 per cent over
the original price.
It is useless for the managers of the
Yosemite Club to deny that they are par
ties to this fraud on a sport loving pub
lic. Under no possible conditions could
these blocks of tickets have come into
the possession of the class of men who
are handling them without the connivance
of those who are at the head of the ar
rangements for the fight. The conclu
sion is inevitable that those having the
fight in charge are participating in the
fraudulent profits obtained by this cor
raling of tickets and are taking advan
tage of their position to steal the public's
money.
NCE again the San Francisco pub
/§\\ He has been made the victim, of a
It If £ ang °' P r * ze fight pirates. These
men have deliberately allowed the
the semi-finals of the Meadow
Club tournament, 6-L E. P. Lamed won
the unfinished match In the second round,
defeating A. Torrence, 6-3, 6-2. H. L.
Doherty beat Clothier in the second set,
6-3. William A. Larned defeated his
younger brother, Edward P. Larned, in
the other match for the finals, 6-4, 6-4.
The matches in the first round of the
doubles that were completed follow: Tor
rence brothers defeated Porter and Tal
madge, 6-0, 6-3; Leonard and Clothier de
feated Sard and Humphreys by default;
Huntington brothers defeated Howard
and Whitman, 6-0. 6-3; Ollie Campbell and
Harold S. Mahoney defeated Prentice and
Derham, 6-0, 6-4; Post and Mahan de
feated Blair and Livingston, 6-3, 6-3; Pell
and Allen defeated Watson and Edward
P. Larned, 7-5, 6-3. The Doherty brothers
won their places in this round by defeat
ing Colkln and Babb, 6-4, 6-2.
SOUTHAMPTON, L. I., Aug. 13.—
H. L. Doherty beat W. J. Cloth
ier of Harvard and Philadelphia
in the first set of the match for
Turn Over Tickets
for Contest to
Scalpers.
Results of Play in
Meadow Club
Totirney.
Doherty Defeats
Harvard Tennis
Champion.
Managers of Fight
Gull Sporting
Public.
An unusually large bet was made last
night on the Corbett-Jeffries fight, when
Harry Mitchell of Cincinnati wagered $1000
against 13000 that Jim Corbett would win
the fight in twelve rounds. Nat Goodwin,
the actor, put up $2500 and Luke Kelly of
San Pedro the other $2500 of the bet.
Blg Bet at Corbett's.
In the afternoon Jim took matters easily
and about 4 o'clock went for an eight
mile walk with Sam Berger, Jimmy Britt
and a few Trienfls. If he feels like it Cor
bett will do some very light exercising
this morning in the gymnasium.
After the two rounds with Berger, big
Tank Kenny was called into the arena
and Corbett went at him and trounced
the plant around for two rounds more.
Corbett did not lash out with ail his force,
as be feared that he might possibly In
jure his hands.
Two rounds with the small punching
bag completed Jim's morning work. He
proved to several doctors present that his
wind was of the best.
"gathered about him at his
training quarters at Croll's Gardens, in
Alameda, yesterday morning. Just before
he went into his gymnasium to don his
exercising attire. And then to Frankle
Nell, who was departing for San Fran
rlsoo.- the ex-champion said: "Tou go
right at that fellow Forbes, Frankie, and
fight him in the way that Jeffries should
fight me."
Then Corbett got quickly out of his
street clothes and into his gymnasium
trtg-s. He took a twirl at the flying rings,
walked on his hands like a circus per
former, bent himself over a box about
fifty times to give the muscles over his
stomach a final test, arched himself on
the tips of his fingers and toes, swung In
between the parallel bars half a dozen
tiroes, bucked like a colt and raced out of
the gymnasium and clambered; into his
open-air ring. There he sparred two
rounds with Sam Berger, revealing an
elasticity of foot that was a surprise to
those who had never seen Corbett step
ping about at his liveliest. Jim, appeared
to be all over the roped inclosure at once.
He sprang back and 6lde-stepped as If he
were on springs, and Berger, although a
speedy man hlmscJf. never once got the
ex-champion In a false position, or one
where Jim was not prepared to defend
himself and make the other fellow
know it.
/ * y|- WOULD give my two arms to]
C C ji -win my flsbt with Jeffries,"
I "said James J. Corbett to a
. "• number of his friends who were
Jefries arose yesterday morning at 10
o'clock and had a hearty breakfast at 1L
He then loafed around Oakland until he
went to the Reliance Club, shortly before
4 in the afternoon. There he was met by
Fitzsimmons. amr-t)oth deciding that it
would be foolish to box at this late dat«\
they parted, to meet to-day at noon.
Fitzsimmons will dine with Jeffries about
1 o'clock and they will come across the
bay together at 6 in the evening.
All who saw Jeffries were favorably Im
pressed with his appearance. The* wound
on his right leg, Just below the\knee,
where the bear bit him, is completely
healed and there is only a small scar to
show the spot. He also has a slight scar
on his right forearm, a few inches above
the wrist, also caused by the bear. The
wounds ars entirely healed and cannot
interfere with Jeffries at all when he
enters the ring.
When asked to make a statement while
he was being rubbed down, Jeffries said:
"Oh, I haven't anything much to say. I
never felt better in my life. It Is no us©
talking about what I am going to do in
the ring and how I am going to fight I
don't really know how I will fight until I
face Corbett and see how things axe go
ing."
On being asked how much he weighed
Jeffries professed ignorance, but hla
brother, who was standing near at the
time, said the champion would enter the
ring weighing 215 pounds.
CUTS OUT BOXING.
The champion then started in on the
shadow boxing and kept hard at It for
twenty-three minutes. He darted up and
down the room with the agility of a
panther, and all those present who had
not seen him for some time were unani
mous in the decision that he had im
proved wonderfully In speed. "When hs
first started to spar at Imaginary figures
hla skin was tanned and brown, but In a
few minutes the color had changed to
pink and muscles which a moment before
were unobservable became prominent.
Gradually perspiration began to assert it
self on his shoulders and by the time he
finished side-stepping and making ter
rific smashes at an Imaginary foe he was
covered with perspiration. All through
his work, however, his wind never bother
ed him and he seemed Just as strong and
active whan he finished as when he first
began.
As his brother threw him the skipping
rope at the close of his shadow boxing,
Jeffries said with a good-natured smile:
"Gee, but I feel great. I wish I was
fighting to-night."
Then he skipped the rope for ten min
utes. Jesting with friends all the time.
Everybody who received a nod of recogni
tion or a word of salutation felt duly
proud, and there was a continual tound
of Joking. At the close of his work Jef
fries was rubbed down and bis work was
finished for the day.
ANXIOUS TO FIGHT.
pion do a little light work and in
a general way to get a line on him. Those
who expected to see a lively go between
Jeffries and Fitzsimmons were disap
pointed, as at the last moment it was de
cided that It would be foolish for Jeffries
to take any chances of setting injured in
tha slightest degree before he entered the
ring to-night.
Jeffries* work was confined to shadow
boxing and skipping the rope. He entered
the gymnasium shortly after 4 o clock,
stripped down to black trunks. Before
commencing his work he posed for the
newspaper cameras. This photographing:
took up at least half an hour.
TTVO hundted and fifty adrnireri
of James J. Jeffries assembled at
the Reliance Club in Oakland yes
terday afternoon to see the cham-
Feels Certain He
Will Regain"
Laurels.
No Fear of Defeat
Is Worrying the
Champion.
Corbett Confident
He Can Best
Opponent.
Jeffries Finishes
His Work in
Oakland.
HEAVY-WEIGHTS ARE READY FOR THE BATTLE GONG
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 14, 1903.
8Knock -Gut Blow
in the Second
Round.
CALIFORNIA BOY WHO WON
THE BANTAM-WEIGHT CHAM
PIONSHIP OF THE WORLD.
v •- ; — — *r
Claim That Error
Is Made in the
Count.
Mo*t striking effect* are produced by
premium pictures mounted on harmonious
tinted raw Bilk mat board, jrreens. grays,
black and red; most stunning and artistic
for a very moderate outlay. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street, •
Poster Pictures.
Forbes felt bitter after the battle and
had many grievances. He claims he was
not counted out properly. He says he
was not dazed, but was feigning injury to
throw Neil off his guard.
"1 do not think I have been fairly treat
ed at all," said the little boxer In hia
dressing-room, "but I suppose there is
nothing to be gained by talking when it
la too late. I will say, however, that I
was not counted out,- and my statement
will be borne out by many who were at
the ringside at the time I went down.
"I was not hurt and was ready and
willing to continue the battle. Neil hit
me a hard blow in the stomach the first
time and it was a foul* though the referee
did not see it. -When I saw the ; foul wan
not recognized I got up and began to fight
again.. The second time 1 went down I
•was' 'stalling,' and the third time also.
"When I was down the third time 1
heard Harting call off eight distinctly. I
Forbes Asserts That Harting Tolled
Oft but Eight Seconds.
CLAIMS ERBOR IN COUNT.
The drawing for the ; 112-dogr stake,
which will be run down to-morrow at the
Inglcside Coursing Park, took plfice last
evening at Pythian Castle. Racing will
begin to-morrow at 11 a. m. and at 10:30
a. m. on Sunday. Thomas Tierncy will
preside as judge and Ed Shorstag as
clipper. The result of the draw follows:
May Hempftrad vs. General De Wet; Gold
rn Links vs Advance Guard; Old Ironsides vs.
King I>eath: Merry I-ou vrf. Snapper Oarrl
*on: Pretty Face vs. Flower of Kerry; Ouida
vs. OrMna: Idle Fellow vs. Mount Rose: Idaho
Boy \f«. Thelma; Prompto vs. Meddlesome;
Ye!lowla!l \f. Tom Hurlick; Sylvan vs. Little
Lucy; Handeome Jim vs. Tyrone Prince;
Bob R v*. Modest Beauty; Beluga
vs. Pepper Jack; Royal Friend vs. Lord
Goff; Melrose v». Black Flush; Wattles vs.
¦Wedgwood; Pad Sam vs. Luxury: TobasccJ
Bob v>. Malendine; Mary Ann vs. Viking: Yu
kon vs. Vina; Imperious vs. Motto; Our Myra
v*. Pafha Pl«asant; Kcttleman vs. Sofala;
Ilariean Glady* v». Mitm Bnimmel; Fenil vr.
Isittle Mercy; Special vs. Jennie Lyons; Gol.l
rn Garter ve. Black Coon; Rural Artlet vs. Una;
Pure Pearl vs. Bonnie Hughie: Lady Flyer
vs. White Buck; Miss Wilson vs. False Alarm:
Moonbeam vm. Aggie W; Odd Eyes vs. Jerry
Wright: Piker vs. Concord Boy: MeHenry vs.
Little Plunder; Articulate vs. Boco Girl;
Medley ts. Fair Play: White Hat vs. Remlsso
Anlmo; Thetis vs. Rlenzi; Siren vs. Preclta
Maid: Clarice vs. Dore*>n: Adonis vs. Rocke
feller; Bast Lake ve. Otto: Flora Bell vs. Fern
brook: Blpvenemon vs. Renegade Apache; Cat
cade vs. Bright Fortune: Toung Fearless vs.
Rcta fi: Creswlck vs. Flower of Gold; May
Connelly n. Rock and Ry«; AUbaba, vs. 81s
klyou; Golden Rule vs. Roy Hughie; Prairie
Mall vs. Topsy Tuny: Flora Bird v«. Red
Brick: King's Pride vs. May Flush; Lily
Wright vs. Peba.
Bun-Down of 112-Dog Stake Will Be
Held To-Morrow With Many-
Fast Hounds.
INGLESIDE DBA WING
IS LARGELY ATTENDED
Secure but Five Scattered Hits Off
.^- Loucks' Delivery.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
"(Pacific National League.)
W. L. Pet 1 W. I,. Trt.
Butte *K$ 29 .61Sj.San Fran r.5 60 .523
Los Antele*.«54 40 .61S;Tacoma 4« «f> .430
Fpckane 5* 4" - p i5S!Uelena ?A 00 .»
c eatt ) C 55 1% .IWliSalt Lake. ...12 27 .308
TACOMA, Wash.. Aug. 13.— LouckV superb
ritchiiuj had Kan Franciaco completely mysti
fied to-<Jay. They batted but six balls out of
:h* Infield" In the entire rame, two of which
Tirre files and four clean hits widely BcaXtcred,
the latter including a two-bagger by Zearfoss.
Ktovall wai touched up lively at the start for
nine hit« In the first three innlnpj, but after
that settlra down and held the Tigers rafe.
Score :
n. h. e.
f-aft Francisco ..0 0OOOOOO 0— O R 2
T»com*. 12O0O00O x— 3 12 2
Batter!"* — Stovall and Zearfoas; Loucke and
HyrrF. 'L'tnj.irc — Colgan.
SEATTLE. TVa*h.. Aug. 13.— Hickey could
ret he hit safely to-day and won hand* down.
Tndwsr dropped a fly with two men on bare*,
giving Lr* Angeles their only two run*. The
hatting of Hurley was a feature. He got two
double* end two singles out of five times up.
Heart:
H. H. E.
Seattle 2O2 OOO3 3 x — lrt 1« / 3]
Ijcm Angefr-s ..0 02000000—2 4 S
Bstteri*! — Hickey and Fpmcer; Johnson *nd
IHIc^bccnd. Umpire — Caruther*.
SPOKANE. Wash., Aug. 13— Helena defeat
«-d Proksne in o;i* of the nwt loosely played
i -.-¦ • - of tie *<>ason. Tb» Indians wrre unable
to hit Thompson consecutli-ely. Vamrnann
was aecw4»a miserable support. Attendance
1700. Seort: R. H. E.
Hnofcajv ..) 0 0 0 0 0 0 5 0 2—4 » »
H«Un* ...] 00114 3000—9 12 2
B&rterie»i-Dammann and Hanson; Thomp
t-on and Catrlfch. Umpire— Warner.
SALT LXKE. Utsh. Aug. 13.-*-TVild throw
ing hy Pitdvr Quick and timely hits by th«
Miner*. to|5"ther with questionable derisions
on the r»-rt frt Umpire Huston, gave Butt* to
day'c sramej TV>nahu»'s hatting was the fea
ture. AttertUnce 1500. Score:
R. H. E.
t-a!t Lake 10 10 0 0 0 0 0—2 » 4
Butt* 00 00 2 1 0 1 x— 4 7 0
Ba'terWHQuIck and £ne«.; Bandelia and
**m«t. Vzsrir>— Huftcp» ; . . ,
I
STcCLOSKY'S MEN SHTCJT OUT.
Just as the bout was about to end
Sullivan put his right to the jaw and
Landers all but collapsed. He man
aged to keep away. and thus saved him
self from being knocked out. Sullivan
had numerous chances to win but
seemed' to ignore all openings. In the
fourth he caught Landers flush on the
Jaw and staggered him, "but kept away
long enough to allow Landers to re
cover. :
The third round was opened with a
lively exchange of rights and lefts, in
which Cordell came out ahead. This
seemed to denote the turning point of
the mill. Kane began to weaken and
Cordell went right after him. lie stag
gered Kane with a hard left to the head
and in a twinkling rushed him into a
corner of the ring, raining blow after
blow on Kane's head. The latter slow
ly sank to the floor and his seconds,
seeing that he was all out, threw up the
sponge.
Dan Sullivan and Fred Landers, two
lightweights, well known In the amateur
ranks, opened the evening's entertain
ment with a ten-round go which con
tained a deal of good, bad and indifferent
fighting. Sullivan was awarded the de
cision by Referee Milton Hayes. The
decision did not seem to please the gal
lery In the least and Hayes was roundly
hissed. The decision was just,, inas
much as Sullivan had his man all but
out when the gong sounded. A draw
would have probably been the better
verdict, as Landers was game through
out and really had the better of the ar
gument in every round . save the last
three.
Sullivan's showing was a disappoint
ment. He did not show his speed till
the eighth round. Then lie began to hus
tle his opponent around in a lively man
ner. He landed several hard punches
on the jaw and stomach and had Lan
ders' Jn distress, though he withstood
the punishment gamely and fought back
all the time.
Milton Hayes refused to referee the
bout on account of the way he was
hissed for his previous performance, so
"Spider" Kelly consented to act. The
boys started to right at the tap of the
gong and went at it fast and furious,
each landing many clean blows and
blocking nicely.
Cordell took the lead during the sec
ond round and never lost it. His vitality
and strength were too much for Kane,
though the latter was too good a ring
general to allow his opponent to catch
him unawares.
out and went down before a volley of
rights and lefts. He tried to rise, but
his seconds threw up the sponge. Cor
dell took his vanquished opponent in his
arms and carried him to his corner amid
the cheers of the crowd.
SARATOGA SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Royal, Choate, Satire.
Second race— Prince Ching, Oars
man, Rockmart.
Third race — Major Daingerfield,
Agnes D, Lord Badge.
Fourth race — Hylas, Divination,'
Naxneoki.
Fifth race^ — Birchbroom, Anklet,
Satire.
Sixth race^ — Dolly Spanker, Rock
away, Redman.
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs, maiden
two-year-olds — Bluish 112, Rockaway 112, Otto
Stifel 112. Coal Black Lady I0». Signet Ring
112. EFperance 10&, Dutiful 112, Gold Saint 112,
Juvenal Maxim 112. Redman 109. Briar Thorpe
109. Dolly Spanker 108. Flexion 112. For Luck
109. Auf Weldersfhn 112. Exclamation 112.
Fifth race, one and one-sixteenth miles, on
turf, three-year-olds and up, selling — Forward
io«, Dlnksie W. Blrchbroom 103. Anklet ftl. Tiara
101. Trinity Bell 104. Satire 106. Lord Advo
cate 106. Easy Street 111.
Fourth race. fi\ - e and a half furlongs, the
Troy selling, two-year-olds — Tender Crest 96,
Bath Beach 105, Dick Turpln 97, Avenger 100,
Divination 102. Reveille 100. The Lady Rohe
fla 10", Monastic 107. The Bowery 100, Hylas
107. Xameokl 107.
Third race, one and one-eighth miles, for all
a*re.«, handicap — Major Daingerfleld 126. Caugh
natvasa 115, Lord Badge 102. Gold Bell 102,
Irascible S4. Agnes D »0.
Second race, fix furlongs, maiden three
year-olds — Bollna 110, Fleetful 112. Innsbruck
115, Russell Garth 115, Pan Lougin 115, Oars
man 112. Nun 110, Rockmart 110, Toboggan
115, Prince Chlng 112, The Skater 112. Part
nership 112, Avignon 112, Prince of Pleasure
115. Albany Girl 110. Dr. Blssell 112, Lenarka
112. Puget 112.
First race, for three-year-olds and up which
have not won at other meetings, selling, mile
— Choate 106, Moskete 103, Lady Radnor 96,
Ooldsby 100, Bob Hilliard 98. Lucent 101, The
Dancer 10.1. Royal 109, The Regent 9S, Scoffer
10O. Locket 109. Dark Planet 101. Lapldus 103,
Rocky 111, Flara 106, Trinity Bell 104, Satire
111, Col. Padden lol. Past JH5.
SARATOGA, Aug. 13. — Weather clear; track
heavy. Entries
SARATOGA ENTRIES.
Jack Cordell. the clever, j-oun* amateur
lightweight, made his professional bow
in the second preliminary of the evening
and celebrated the event' by winning
from Jack Kane, the old-time favorite,
In the third round. Kane was all but
JACK COBDELL A WINNER.
The action of the fight was so rapid
that the affair was over before the spec
tators realized what had happened. The
fight in detail follows:
Round 1— Forbcg led with hi* left and thry
went Into a clinch without damage. Forbes
tried twice with right for the jaw, but Frankie
blocked. Ntil k«pt hi« face covered well and
danced around the Chicago&n. Forbe* finally
penetrated the puard with two rights to the
face. Forbes on the aggressive. Frankie
covered up his faco, but Forbes sent right and
left to the body. Nell put a left lightly to the
body and whipped hi« l<«ft to the head. Forbes
hit rather low with right to the body and
Frankie drove a straight right to the body.
Forbes camo back with a right to the body.
Near the end of the round Neil eent his right
and left hard to the body and Forbes coun
tered with right to the body. The round closed
with th* advantage, with Forbes.
Round 2— They went Into a clinch and
Forbes tried with two left* and a right for
the head. • but missed. Frankie sent straight
left to the body and Forbes neatly stopped an
other. Neil floored Forbes with a terrific left
to the utomach. Forbes was down nine sec
ond*. Nell floored him once more with right
and left to the same place, and In hl« anxiety
Nell nearly went through th« ropes. Korbe*
again went to the floor. As Forbes was rising
Frankie went at the Chicagoan like a tiger
and sent him through the ropes. Forbes threw
up his hand*, protesting as if to Indicate • n
foul, but tl>« ten-second limit expired and .Neil
was awarded the fight. The Chicago man was
floored three times In thin round.
FRANK NEIL wrested the ban
tam-weight boxing championship
from Harrv Forbe3 of Chicago
last night in their fight in Me
chanics' Pavilion. The contest
came to an abrupt end in the second
round, when Forbes was counted out
after havins been knocked down three
times. .
In the first round Neil suffered by com
parison with Forbes, who proved much
the more showy boxer. The Chicagoan
broke through Neil's guard repeatedly,
but there was no steam behind the blows,
which seemed to have no effect on Neil.
Toward the end of the round Neil scored
several times to the head and body with
his left and shook up Forbes noticeably.
While Neil weighs less than 115 pounds,
he is a. natural hitter, his blows appar
ently having the punishing effect of a
much heavier man. Forbes was the ag
gressor in the first round, keeping after
Nell continually. He commenced these
tactics in the second round. Nell was
seen to whip his left over to the stomach
suddenly with terrific force and Forbes
went down on his back on the floor.
Forbes, in pantomime, claimed a foul,
but Referee Graney, who saw the blow
land, shook his head. The remorseless
timekeeper kept tolling off the seconds
until nine had been counted, when Forbes
was on his feet. Neil scented victory in
the air and went at Forbes again vicious
ly. Another left to th6 body sent Forbes
down again. This time he was up at the
count of eight. Neil made a rush at him
and fell down, partly because he was hit
and partly because of a misstep. He was
up in an instant and rushed at Forbes.
The latter was wrestled ' down. As he
commenced to rise Neil sent a stiff blow
to the chin and Forbes fell on his back
on the edge of the ring, with his left leg
in the. air. George Harting, the veteran
watch holder, counted off the seconds
quite plainly. He was noting the move
ment of the second hand on his stop
watch and dwelt on the word "nine."
This was followed by "You're out."
Forbes was not up at the count of ten
and lost his hard-won title of bantam
weight champion. Forbes claims the
blows of Neil did not distress him and
that he was feigning being injured In or
der to draw the fire of his opponent. To
the spectators at the ringside it was evi
dent Forbes was hurt by the blows about
the body, and some said Referee Graney
would have been justified in stopping the
fight to prevent Forbes from being un
necessarily punished.
Neil is a. natural fighter, with gameness
and hitting power out of all proportion
to his size. He has but little knowledge
of ringmanship, having had but few
fights. He stopped Forbes with the same
blow with which he knocked out his
brother, Clarence Forbes, some months
since.
Forbes Is unfortunate is not being able
to live down the reputation he gained on
his last trip to this coast. After the fight
there was talk on the street and in the
sporting resorts that all was not as It
should be. A well-known young sporting
man, who bet heavily on Neil, boasted in
the Palace Hotel grill that he "put a
crimp in one of the fighters."
Forbes was a 1 to 2 chance until late
in the ;afternoon, when some heavy com
missions on Neil sent the odds to 7 to 10.
Neil was seconded by Spider Kelly, Tim
McGrath and Australian Tim Murphy.
In Forbes' corner were John Hertz, Billy
Otts and Jack O'Kcefc.
The attendance was small, the total
gate receipts being $2C06. The ring used
was that in which Jeffries and Corbett
will meet to-night. It is the regulation
twenty-four feet square, and seems of
immense' area when compared with the
twenty foot affair usually used.
THE FIGHT BY ROUNDS.
Forbes Loses the
Bantam-Weight
Title. IS
SIXTH RACE— Purs=e. 3-year-olds and up
wards, one and a sixteenth miles, on turf:
Eetting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
Even— Flying Ship 1U6 (O'Neill) 3 112
3 to 2 — Stmpg Grnd. Ill (Fuller) 2 2 2 12
6 to 1 — Carbuncle. 108 (Redfern). 1 ;: 3
Time, 1:5<J. Start good. Won cleverly.
Winner. R. T. Wilson Jr.'s b. I. by Flying
Duichman-Phalia.
Time. 1:17 3-5. Start bad. Won easily.
Winner W. M Scheftel's b c. by Wagner-
Undecid'ed. Pt. Jolly 108. Blackamoor 101. Don
John 115, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Handicap, 2-year-olds, six
f urloiigs :
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
9 to r>— Wotan. US (Hicks) 1114
11 to C — Toledo. 115 tBullman)... 2 2 2 7
13 to 5 — Long Shot, 117 (J.Martin) (5335
FOURTH RACE— Amsterdam selling stakes,
3-year-olds and upward mile:
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. »i Fin.
12 to 1— Virgn Soil !Hi (H.Calhoun) 1 3 1 *i
16 to 5— Elsie I> fil (Reed) 3 2 22
13 to 5— Tm O'Shnter 103 (Ganon) 2 1 3 10
' Time. 1 :i2. Start ba-1. Won ridden out.
Winner. W. Showalter's b. f. by Top Gallant-
Alfalta. Counterpoise 88. Irascible 103. High
lander 101 also ran.
THIRD RACE— One mile; three-year-olds;
purse:
Dotting. Horee. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
13 to 0 — Yardarm 110 (Odom) 3 116
1 to I— Bad News. 102 (O'Neill).. 13 22
IS to 5— Payne. 103 ( Redf ern) '2 2 3
Time. 1 A2 o-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. E. R. Thomas' ch. c. by Henry of
Navarre- Yeeult.
4 to r>— Grenade, 111 (O'Neill)... 2 1 2 h
100 to 1— Hoceo. »4 (Coleman) 0 2 3 6
Time, 1:10. Start fair. Won dn.-ing. Win
ner. F. P. Keene"p ch. g. by Horoscope-Lady
Invercauld. Sailor Knot 107. Auf Wiederschen
S". Monaeter 10s Latheron 105, Destiny 105.
Tower 91, Mildred L. M. 94, Band?rvllla !M,
al«o ran.
SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs
two-year-olds: selling:
Bettir.g. Hone, Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
7 to 1— Wizard. 105 (Gannon)... 4 6 11
Grenade, the heavily hacked odds-on fa
vorite, ridden by O'Neill, came out very
wide, carrying with him the 1W to 1 shot,
Hoceo. who actually looked like a win
ner at one time during the stretch run.
O'Neill, perhap.s through overconfidenee,
never looked over his left shoulder and
not until too late did he see Wizard com
ing very fast. Then he rode Grenade
very hard and as the tiny boy on Hoceo
also kept at that colt, a really exciting
iinlFh was won by a scant length by
Wizard, with Grenade a head in advance
oi" Hoceo. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; handicap; all
ajep;
letting-. Hor*e, Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
1 to 2-H»rmi», 12S tOdom) 4 2 11
7 to 1— Mollie Brant, lft! (Jenkns) t 1 2 «5
ft lo 1— RiRodnr, 114 MJannon).... 3 4 3 8
Time, 1 :2n 8-8. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner. E. R. Thomas" ch. c. by Kermence-
Katy of the Wert. Imtold 101, also ran.
SARATOGA. N. Y.. Aug. 13.-Foxhall P.
Keene's Wizard won the second race to
day, polely because Gannon saved more
than enough ground to win by making a
very short turn into the stretch.
Fpeclal Dispatch to The Call
Fisher's Players Bunch Hits on Cor
bett and Win Out.
HACRAMnNTO, Aug. 13.— The Senators won
a motit exciting game from Los Angelea to
day Jn a great batting finish. Up to the
fventh inning the ratne stood 5 to 1 in favor
«»f th» virltors. In the eeventb th« Senators
tallied thret rtini and in the ninth inning
th*y bunched three hit» on Corbett and sent
tTvo more nris across the plate, winning the
paine. Outt»r worked urd'r protest and was
relieved after the fifth inning by Fitzgerald,
¦who pitched wonderful ball. He was replaced
hy ThoEa* in the rinth in order to take ad
v£ntagi» of lagan's batting powers. Score:
n. H. E.
KaTarnento 0 000 I 030 2 — *> « 2
Ix* Ansele* v 0 20120000—5 S 1
Bitterle* — Cutter, * Fitzgerald. Thomat ar.d
Crttam; Corbett and fcpies. Umpire — O'Con
ne'l. •
SEATTLE. Auc 13. — Jar Hughes won the
icanne. for Seattle to-day, holding the visitor*
<iown to five* hit*.. He also made a hit each
n three times at bat. including a -two-bagger.
A feature was the throwing of both catchers
to be>es. cuulng off several attempted thefts.
The Bcore: " .
n. h. e.
FeatUe 0 0 0 3 0 0 4 0 x— 7 10 4
Tortland 0 0.0000020—2 5 2
Ban*rie* — Hui?!.p« and Wilson: Shields and
Shea. Umpire — L<evj-.
SENATORS MAKE FAST FINISH.
BTAKDHCG <">F THK CLUES.
CPa/rific Cosj- I^agu' )
XT. U Pct.i TV. U Pet.
IjT* Angela. 7* 14 .ftift Pillanil 51 61 &M
Ssn FraTi 7" .'.'. .:,¦•<¦ ffattli- 52 f* .4M
fMicrajnento .€1 00 .--to' Oakland U 7S .399
Th<» Cripples P"t away *ith th* pame
yesterday tfterttoon, rven if it did take
th*m tfn rounds to bring home the
money. Thrir victory wg? a Just one.
Inasmuch as they earned it all the way
Through and especially at the final
r^und, when two good, solid hits brought
In the run that counted most. Score, 3
Ham Ibfrg suffered from his old com
r'-fiir.t of hard lurk all the <{ , time. He
pitched goo<3 enough ball to ivin almost
any game, but th** team dnB not hit at
•til behind him and they supported him
rather shabbily ju.«t at the times when
h* moft needed good barking. He had a
lot of fpeed and a good slow ball, which
«as very effective till the Cripples got
to i; in the tenth.
Peter I/iliman had a new amateur.
T\ho he threw in «t third, and the
v^ungster helped to win by slamming out
a double in the last inning. His name
la Smith and he is a member of the Royal
*"lub of Oakland. He played the game in
pood form throughout, accepting five
chances at third without an error.
Graham had his left wing working
about right and after the third inning the
hume team never touched him once. He
v.as a trifle ¦wild, issuing six passes, but
outside of that weakness the southpaw
I itched a swell article of ball.
Two hits and an error by O'Hara In the
second produced th« only run of the game
for San Francisco. The Cripples could
not approach the pan till the same part
of the round, when an error and a few
lively mixups en the bags gave them one
run. Then in the fifth they found Iberg
for the first two hits and these brought
in another tally and created a deadlock.
Young Smith opened up the tenth with
a liner to left field that was good for a
pair of bai=es. O'Hara laid down a bunt
and beat it to first. Then Francks was
hit by the pitcher and the bags were filled
to overflowing, burdock smote a-hy in
•;ho direction of Krug and as soon as the
>ail was caught Smith tried to beat the
throw to the plate. He would have been
rt tired easily only Krug threw far above
Kelly's head and the youngster was safe
v.i;h the winning tally. The score:
Oakland— I San Francisco —
ABIL H. P.A.! AB.Ii. H. PA.
n Har, cf.4 «.' J 2 0 Fhay. CI..4 0 2 2 5
Frr.ks. ss.a « f» 3 3 Meny. rf..l 0 0 4 0
Mrflck rf.3 O 0 .1 o:irwln. Zb.4 0 0 14
Fh»-t« 2b.4 1 ft 1 ii Pabst. lb.3 1 0 12 O
<; ra hm, p.3 1 0 2 S Krujr. cf..3 0 0 3 0
tCnicr. lf.4 e 1 4 1 Lynch, If.3 1 1 0 O
I<ohmn. c.4 «• 2 4 4 l>lir.«. 2b.. 4 0 12 1
Ksrfy lb.3 O 0 S 1 Ktflr. c.4 Q O 4 1
fmith, Sb.4 113 2 Iberg, p.. 2 0 0 0 4
Totals. 32 3 5 SO 14 ToMdt?.2S 2 4*28 15
•On« out when wirminjr run «u scored.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Pan Francisco. '©2OOOOOOO 0—2
Base hit* ...12 1000 0O0 0 — I
Oakland -. 0 1O0 1O000 1—3
Bat* hits ... 0OO02O1 00 2 — 5
EUiniABT.
Stolen ta»e« — Hir.lth. Schwartz, Murdock.
Dflmss. Error* — Deln;ai=. M**serly. Irwln,
<»'Hara, Krug, Iberg. Two-bW hit — Smith.
Sacrifice , hit* — Francks, Krus. Vrar.y, iles
t-erly. Pirst base on errors — Fan Francisco 1.
Oaklard 2. • FlrFt bare on called balls — Oft
Iberg 2, eff Graham 6. Left cm ta^es — San
Francisco 2. Oakland <5. Struck out— By Iberg
4. by Gra,l:air. 4. Hit by pitcher — Shay.
Francke. Double play*— Kruger to Me^serly:
Shay to twlma*. Balk — Graham. Passed
1 alls — KeJ^y 2. Time of game — 1 hour and
*' rr.!r.ute». Umpire — McDonald.
rraham Holds Uncle's Fol
lowers in Check Afcer
Second Inning
Hundred to One Shot Hoceo
Makes a Gallant Run
at Saratoga.
Two Hits and Long Fly
Bring In Winning
Tally.
Grenade Loses Through
the Carelessness of
Jockey.
CRIPPLES RALLY
IN TENTH ROUND
O'NEILL TOSSES
OFF THE RACE
NEIL THE CALIFORNIAN BOXER, WINS THE CHAMPIONSHIP
FILLY ANNEXES
PROVISO STAKES
RACING RESUMED
AT KINLDCH PARK
Nannie Hodge Sets All
the Pace and Wins
! Pulled Up.
Jordan Takes the Mile
and- a- Sixteenth
Handicap.
Heavily Backed Horses Get
the Coin at Harlem
Track.
Budweiser and Exapo Land
for Their Backers at
Long Odds.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 13.— Racing was re
sumed at Kinloch Park to-day. The card
presented wag excellent, but no particular
feature was brought out. All of the races
were won easily; not a semblance of a
close finish was presented during the aft
ernoon. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs,
purs*:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Ben Adkins, 100 (Higgins) 1115
2 to 1— Mag Nolln. 1C5 (Watson).. 3 2 2 3
12 to 1— Milkirk. 103 (Bridewell). . 4 5 32
Time. 1:11. Start grood, Won easily. Win
ner. J F. Dockery's ch. c. by Donald A-My
May. Pretension ICO. Atlas 1(K>. Kilo 10O. also
ran.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs, selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. \ Fin.
15 to 1— Budweiser. «7 (Perkins).. 1116
8 to 1— Mallory. 108 < Bride-well).. 3 4 2 h
6 to 1— Mimo, 111 lFcgg> 8 « 3 h
Time. 1:1SH- Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J. C Cahn's b. g. by Buckmaster-Mia
sourl II. Kittle Cut a Dash tCO. Geortugra 100.*
Impetuous 101, Sue's Sl»ter 05. Ben Creek 105.
Silver Fringe 10O. Rejoice H1G. Tangent 105.
Prince Herman 102, Ruth L 100, also ran.
THIRD RACE— One mile and seventy yards,
selling:
Betting. Horse. 'Weight. Jockey. St. «I Fin.
12 to 1— Exapo, 86 (Howell) 6 112
5O to 1 — Falsp. 100 (Sayres) 4 4 2 n
15 to 1— B.H*mp»'d,lC4 (McComaa) 8 6 3 n
Time. 1:53. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner. J. J. Ogles' b. c. by Exile-Apology. Chan
doo too. Kingstelle- 102. Pay the Fiddler 101.
Goo Goo 81, Countess Clara 89. Lord Neville
101. Reformer 106. Hydrophobia 111, Carrie
Hope 105. also ran.
FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles,
handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
S to 5 — Jordan. 109 (Watson) 12 13
10 to 1— Taby Tosa. 1O4 (Fntlroy) 2 3 2 l»*
10 to 1— Evea G. S2 (Shea) 8 8 3 h
Time. 1:54. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner. T P. Hayes' br. c. by Lamplighter-Emma,
III. Joe Lester 110. Irish Jewel lOtt Orris 10<>
Light Opera 0». Lady Strathmore 10i. also ran.
FIFTH RACE — Seven furlongs pursa:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey." St. *4 Fin
3 to 1— AlJlo. 100 (Bridewell) « 2 1 1
6 to 1 — 3weet Dream 102 <Wtsn) 5 4 2 l'j
•2 to 1 — Doeskin. 102 (Louden)... 113 3
Time, 1:34. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. M. C. Bennett & Co.'s .ch. c. by
Fonso-Fly Away. Orleans 102, Water Edge
104. Sir Ah 102, The Four Hundred 10* also
ran.
SIXTH RACE— One and an eighth miles,
selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even — Nearest. 107 (Sheehan)... 1 1 I *i
7 to 1 — South Breeie. 88 fPerkns) 8 8 2 4
5 to 1 — Menace. 107 (F. Smith).. 2 3 3 10
Time, 2:0OH- Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J. K. Hughes' b. m. by Knight at
Ellerslie-Dearest. Hook Se Oka 90. Tony Lep
plng 100, Gin Spray 105. also ran.
was just getting up, but was waiting for
the ninth to sound, when suddenly I saw
referee Graney motion to Nell and tell
him that he had won the battle. I did not
hear 'nine counted, and I am sure I was
not counted out.
"I am ready -to. take on Neil again, and
I know I can beat him. I admit he Is a
great little fighter, and Is game to the
core. I think after this meeting I deserve
another try."
Frankie Nell was surrounded by a
throng of admiring friends In his dress
ing-room, and he looked a conqueror
every inch of him. "Why, there Is noth
ing to it," said Frankie. "I had him
beaten handily. He was out, as every one
who was watching will tell you. This talk
of his about stalling is all rot. When 1
hit him in the stomach the 'first time he
was all but finished. I took matters coolly
and sent him down again. He got up and
began to rush me and pushed me over.
That ts hdw I fell. I admit Forbes is a
great little man, but I beat him fairly. I
played for the stomach all the time, but I
did not foul him."
Referee Eddie Graney said after the
fight that the blows struck by Neil were
ajl fair and regular knockouts. "I think
Neil won fairly and squarely," said Gra
ney. "I was In doubt about the count out
at first, for I was watching the men and
did not have a chance to observe Harting.
I went over to him and he told me that
Forbes had been counted out and that
Neil was the winner. The counting was
up to the timekeeper, and not to me."
John Hertz, who looks after Forbes' in
terests, had little to say. "I was not in
a position to observe the count," said
Hertz, "but Morris Levy, who was keep
ing time for me, said he heard only eight
counted and that Forbes was not out. I
am willing to match Forbes for another
go with Xeil, and I think he can beat
him. Many of those blows looked foul to
me, though I have nothing to say In re
gard to them."
Now.ls the time to see this great marvel
of nature, with, its. sublimely, towering
walls and rugged cliffs,, its cascades pour
ing from dlMy heights, when the sum
mer's beauty is over all. Sleeping car. to
Raymond,, via Southern. Pacific. ;every
night. For folders and details apply 'to
Information Bureau, 613 * Market street.
Yosemite Valley, in Its Summer
Beauty. . :
j AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CLEVELAND. Aug. 13.— Cleveland went
into third place tr-day, taking two games from
New YOrk. Moore and Jo»s were puzzles to
the visitors. In the second game Deerlng was
batted out or t).e box In the flrst Inning.
Howell, who succeeded him, pitched. well until
the 1 , eighth, when Cleveland made four hits.
and three rune. Attendance, 8900. The scores:
First game — R. H. E.
Cleveland fl 0 1
New York 2 I 3
Battenes — Moore and Abbott; Tannehlll and
O'Connor.
Second game — R. H. E.
Cleveland R in 2
New York 2 7 3
Batteries — Joss and Abbott; Deerlng, Howell
and Bevllle.
CHICAGO. Aug. 13.— Philadelphia won to
day's game by scoring thre« runs in the fourth
inning on a single, n triple and Green's error.
Attendance. 1800. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 1 « 2
Philadelphia S 8 < 1
Batteries— White and Slattery; Bender and
Power*.
DETROIT. Aug. 13.— Detroit and Boston
broke even to-day In a double-header. Th«
first game wns a Pitchers' battle and Dineen
had the better of it. In the second game De
troit ma. I* eight ae a starter. Gibson being
wild and giving way to Winter*, whose control
was no / »ietter. Attendance. 4470. The rcoieis:
Klrbt'tam*— , R. H. E.
Detroit 1 4 0
Boston • ••• •* 7 :.r 1
Batterie*— Mullin and McQuire: Dineen and
Criger.
De R tror.. Bam . e .-... ....ft "o E 6
Boston ..;:...."; ..;..•.¦. ::r. ; l . S' 3
Batteries — Kltson and Buelow; Gibson, Win
ters, Criger and J. Stahl.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
BROOKLYN. Aug. 13.— Pittsburg won easily
from Brooklyn to-day, mainly on account of
the wlldness of Schmidt, who was- replaced by
Doescher In the seventh, after all the damage
had been dore. Attendance, 3CC0. Scdre:
R. H. E.
Plttsburg .' 14 13 A
Brooklyn 0 11 4
Batteries— Phllllppl and Phelps: Schmidt.
Doesclur and Hitter. 1,'nipire — Hurst.
NEW YORK. Aug. 13.— New York won
another double-header to-day. Matthewson and
Brown bnth pitched well in the first game,
barring a little unsteadiness. In the second
pame Murphy replaced Curry In the box for
the visitors before tlie first Inning was finished.
Attendance, 8700. The scores:
i Finet game— ' . R. H. E.
New York R . 9 0
Pt. LouU 2 7 J
Batteries — Matlhewson and Bovrerman:
Brown and O'Neill. Umpires — Kmslle and
Johnston e.
Second game — ' It. H. E.
New York'.. ".ft . 8 7
St. Louis 7 0 7
Batteries— -Milier and Bowerman: Curry,
Murphy and Kyan. -.Umpires — .Johnston* and
Kmslle.
BOSTON. Aug. 13. — Boston was outplayed
to-day, though luck was with the visitors.
Chance made the star olay of the local cea
se n, vaulting a lr>w fence and catching the
ball with One hand at the, tame time. Attend
ance, 191)0. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago •" 10 2
rto.sto-. 3 11 4
Eatterias— Welirer and Kilns; AVlllis and
Moran. LJmplre — O'Day.
BROOKLYN'S DEFEAT DUE
TO SCHMIDT'S WILDNESS
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race— Pay the Fiddler, Ex
apo, Aransas.
Second race — Port "Warden, Foxy
Grandpa, Leech.
Third race — Peaches, Maghoni,
Stub.
Fourth race — "Wreath of Ivy, Hugh
McQowan, Rainland.
Fifth race — Latson, Peat, Ax
ares.
. Sixth race — Joe Goss, Temptress,
Duela.
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs, selling —
Detest 100, Temptress 102. Theory 112. Lord
Neville 107. Joe Gos» 114, King Rose 102, El
Rey 100. Ciales 100. Duela 107.
Fifth race, mile and twenty yards, selling —
Varna Fonso 85, Axares 105. Tlckful 100. Mis
sion 105. Kitty G 103. Dawson 107. Charles C
105, Lynch 98, Pamplona 103. Latson 105. Ken
tucky Muddle 101, Reducer 105, Una Price 107.
Peat 105.
Fourth race, six furlongs, handicap — St. Ag
nes II 99, Ra inland 113, Hugh McGowan 07.
Wreath of Ivy 101, Mafalda 106, Forehand 114.
Old Stone 107.
Third race, six and a half furlongs, selling —
Dr. Jones 104, Golden Caster 100, Miss G .-.u!<1
100. Maghonl 100. Stub 101. Orion 100. Lord
Roberta 100. Welsh Girl 112. Budweiser- 97.
Peaches 107, Dare Sommers 109. Macbeth 100.
Second race, five furlongs, purse — Port War
den 100. Mattle R 97, Frank Collins 07. Foxy
Grandpa 10<>. Interrogation 97. Bandlllo 100.
Any Way 103. Pinky B 97. Lapadroma 10O,
Ryevale 112. Leech 100, Dusty Miller 100.
Woodlyn 106, Harbor 100. (Frank Colllna and
Ryevale, W. S. Price entries.)
v ST. LOUI3, Aug. 13. — Weather clear; track
heavy. Kinloch Park entries:
First race, mile and twenty yards, selling —
Immortelle 94, Exapo 01, Class Leader Ofl.
Varner 103, Feronla 90, Certain 103. Whitmore
101. Daddy Bender 90. Algareta 103. Aransas
98. Pay the Fiddler 105.
ST. LOTJIS ENTRIES.
Five and a half furlongs — Nanon won Mac-
Flccnoe second. Remark third. Time. iiOMt^.
Six furlongs — MareJIo won. Rosebud second.
Knocking:* third. Time. 1:15*;.
Mile and a sixteenth — Arthur Ray won.
Chub second. Fondo third. Time. 1 :50.
Seven furlongs — Sol Lichtenstein won. Sailor
second. Esplrando third. Time. 1:2S1«.
Five and a half furlongs — Mlsty's Prid«
won. Fossil second. Blissful third. Tlm».
1:08.
SEATTLE. Aug. 13. — Following Is a sum
mary of to-day's racing at The Meadows:
Six furlongs — Teufel won. Mtmtoya second.
Cute third. Time. 1:18.
Racing at The Meadows.
Special Dispatch to The Call
CHICAGO, Aug. 13.— W. \V. Darden &
Co.'e Nannie Hodge, backed from 2 to 9 to
5, won the Proviso selling stakes to-day
at Harlem. Salto at 16 to 1 was second,
while Father Tallent ran third. The stake
had a. gross value of $2040. of which $2100
was the winner's share, with $300 to the
second horse and $150 to the third. The
race was merely a cakewalk for the filly.
With speed to loan, Nannie shot to the
front at the drop of the flag, had a clear
lead of ten lengths to the stretch and
then in the next furlong drew away with
the utmost ease and won pulled up with
four lengths to spare.
The track was fast, the weather cloudy
and threatening and the attendance good.
The books were given a hard drubbing,
as the winner in each event was heavily
backed- Summary:
FIRST RACE— Plx furlongs; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
5 to 2— Outwai. »7 (Wi!son> 2 2 12
8 to 1— Away Right, 1C0 (Helgesen) 112 2
6 to 1— Our Chap, 95 (H. Phllllpa). 8 5 3 2
Time, l;14 3-S. Start good. Won easily.
Wlnner.-J. G. Greener & Co.'s b. f. by Ornus-
Leonell. Sauerkraut 103. Alamode 9t5, Codex
105, Annora J 105, Red Bird 102, also ran.
SECOND RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
purse:
B«ttlng. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »4 Fin.
7 to 5— Bardolph. 115 (Landry)... 1 1 lh
5 to 1 — Incubator. 115 (S. Bonner) 3 3 2 1
40 to 1— Hudson. 115 (Adkins) 8 4 3 2
Time, 1:21. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. Gorman & Bauer's b. c. by Mlrthful-Mer
muda Dance. Pomplno 119, By Ways 110. Dar
ro 88, Chicago Girl 110, Curate 119, Kleinwood
88. John Powers 112, Otter Tall 112, also ran.
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
Proviso Stakes:
Betting. Horse. Weight Jookey. St. %, Fin.
0 to 5 — Nan. Hodge. 102 (Bonner) 1114
16 to 1— Salto, 9S <Adkins) 4 2 2 1
5 to 2— Father Tallent. 103(Phllps) 3 3 :i 1
Time. 1 :07. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. W. W. Darden's ch.'f. by Rosslngton-Mrs.
Lane. Tryon 101, J. P. Mayberry 110, Pat
Hammon 105, also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— McGee. 115 (He!gesen> 4 3 11
2 to 1— English Lad, 01 (Phillip?). .'• 4 2 »i
12 to 1 — Callant. 110 (Otis) 0 5 3n
Time, 1:19 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. E. Corrigan's b. c. by White Knight-
Remorse. Prince Silverwlngs 85, Skilful 115.
Americano 115, also ran.
> FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 2— C.B.Campbell. 100 (Wilson) 7 B 1 2Vs
9 to 2— Bard of Avon, 104 (Bobbins) 8 3 2 h
9 to 1— Bab. 01 (Adkln*) 12 31
Time, 1:40 3-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, S.-.C. Hildreth's ch. g. by King Re
gent-Gold Bond. Bay Wonder 04. Dutch Carter
94. Aline Abbott 102. Inventor 1C9, Antolee 09,
Bob Franklin 98, also ran.
SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling:
Betting. Hone. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Christine A, 97 (Helgesen). 5 0 1 V*
:i to 1— Miracle II. 102 (Knapp)... 3 1 2n
13 to 1— Fullback. 01 ill. Phillips). 2 4 :j >i
Time, 1:40 2-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner, C. A. Allen's ch. f. by Ornus-Leonell.
Gracious OS. Pat Morrlssey 107, Silver Flir 92.
Dr. Leland 86. Somersault 95, Safeguard 101.
Hickory Corners 01, Max Bendlx 94, Urchin lOti,
Myth 09, also ran.
HAKLEM ENTBIES.
CHICAGO. Aug. 13. — Weather cloudy: track
fast. Harlem entries: .
First race, six furlongs, selling — Never Fret
111. Sweet Tooth 107. Balm of Gllead 107, Dr.
Gurnsey 107. Angelo 102, Mayor Johnscn 102.
Ocean Dream 101, Will Shelly 9S. First Chip
98. Dodo n.'», Albemarle 95. Morendo 94. First
Attempt 9.1. Little Mission 03. Goodman OvX
Second race, five furlongs — Flo Bob 110. Otis
ten 07, Don Esmo 07. William Wright 95. Cop
perfleld 05. Touchstone 93. Blumenthal 03,
Rusk 05, Alllsta 02. Grangeman 82.
Third race, mile, special purse of $1000 —
Grand Opera 115, Dick Welles 112.
Fourth race, mile — Dr. Stephens 104. Callant
101, Warte Nicht 101. Paul Whaley 101, Lady
Kent 99, St. Tammany 90. Gregor K 99, Talpa
97, Sidney C. Love 96, Postmaster Wright 96.
Ahola 66. Jet *6. ,\ .
Fifth race, handicap steeplechase, short
course— Golden Link 10C. Duke of York 150,
Dagmar 140. Paulaker 138. Fallela 134. Gra
My Chree 130. Mr. Rose 123. John E. Owens
125.
Sixth race, one and five-eighth miles, selling
—John McGurk 108, Major Tenny 102. Ooirtaca
10O, The Ledaean 100. -Give All 90. Tufts. 97.
Learoyd 97. Compass 97, Little Elkin 94, Bar
ney Burk 90.
Seventh race. mile, selling — Colonnad" 104.
Lampoon 102. Ontotiagon 102. Mezzo 100. Our
Bes*le J>7. Lendln 87. Galba 90, Lord Melbourne
94. Lady Draper 92. Vestry 92. Wolfram J>2.
Swtftwlng 92, Lady Matchless 91. Floyd K 90.
Mamsellc 90.
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Sweet Tooth, Never
Fret, First Chip.
Second race — Flo Bob; Copperfield,
Don Dome
Third race — Dick Welles.
Fourth race — Warte Nicht, Ahola,
Callant.
Fifth race — Paulaker, Duke of
York, Falella.
Sixth race — John McGurk, Little
Elkin, The Ledaean.
Seventh race — Colonnade, Our Bes
sie, Floyd K.
MOUNT VERNON STAKE/-.
WON BY BILLY BUCK
Major Delmar Beats His Own Record,
Making the Distance
in 2:04. -y;\ ¦¦<
NEW YORK. Aug. 13.— For the Empire
City Grand Circuit trots to-day the
weather- was fine and the track fast.
Summary:
The Mount. Vernon Stake. J5O0O. 2:12 trot—
Billy Buck won two straight heats in 2:074
and 2:08^4. Tiverton. Promise. Hawthorne.
Frances B, Van Zandt and Direct View also
started.
8peclal — Major Delmar to beat bis own rec
ord of 2:O4»i. Time, :32»i. 1:O2V4. 1:32^4. 2:04.
2:17 pace; purse. $1000 — Al Bock won two
straight heats in 2:0SH and 2:09. Ebony King.
El Jtu«h. Money Musk. Governor Plagree and
LuciA May also started.
2:23 trot; purse. $1000— Judgre Green won two
straight heats In 2:lt 3 i and 2:1294. Bessie
Blrcbwood. .B«rmudt Maid. Redwood. Misa
Oberon. Joe'N. Crown Prince. Lillian R Yan
kee. Nlcoll, Annie Little and Alberto also
started.
2:CS pace: purse. $1200— Nervoto won the first
and third beaU in 2:05?i. 2:061;. Sufreet won
the seecmd heat in 2:0tH«. Joe Pointer. Pauline
G. Cubanola. Albert. C, C P. Walnut Dandy
Chime*. Blrdlna. Trilby Direct. Oscar L and
Don also started.
Carpenters to Picnic.
The annual picnic of the District Coun
cil of Carpenters and Joiners of Ban
Francisco will be held at Sunset Park on
Sunday. August 23. The committee hav
ing charco of the picnic consists of W.
H. Hutchison and Owen Roberts of Local
483. F. P. Nicholas and Charles H. Clark
of 22. F. P. "Harklns and J. T. Gomo of
618 J. E. Scully and E. E. de Roln of
10S2. L. Rossi. of 95, H. Schulte of 304, A.
C. Strell and P. A. Duglas of 423. C.'.A.
Klnnear and Frank Terry of 766. Those
who will attend the outing will leave from
the Third and. Townsend streets station
at 9:15 o'clock In the moraine • and Va
lencia street at 9:25 o'clock.
Sawdust and other mill waste U now
used in paper making in Texas.
THE SA1J FBANO1SCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 14, 1903.
9
ADYEBTisEanarrs.
MILWAUKEE. [
In the hot "old summer time"
the utmost care should be ex-
ercised in the selection of bev-
erages — that's for health!
Honest barley-malt and hops,
cleanliness, aging and methods
peculiarly original and scientifi-
cally perfected, are the composite
factors in the brewing of Blatz —
the logical summer beverage.
Always the same good old Blatz.
YAL BLATZBREWIHGCO., MILWAUKEE
Braunschweiger & Go,, me.
5 and 7 DRUMM ST., San Francisco.
Tel. Main 1M8.- Wholesale Dealars.
A m m B n Beds, chairs. Stove*, etc
¦ N fill 8 Tents for r*nt and for «alc.
I IB 111] fci Guns. RtfW. Fl«hlns Tackle
¦ ¦ U IH I 1 and Sporttns Goods. Ser.>t
U rl I V B i for Cataloiru-. Slirev* &
" ¦¦¦.¦¦ Barber Co.. T39 Markat «U
and 621 Kearny at.Moroccan Pretender Routed.
ORAN. Algeria. Aug.* 13.— It is stated , that
the pretender to the Moroccan throne, Bu-
Hamara. who was erroneously reported
killed August 2. has been routed near
Taza by the Sultan's troops.
A cantaloupe Is like a kiss— when it'a
Rood it'a mighty good, and very bad when
lt"s bad.
The wife of Comrade H. S. Rlrkoff of
Sevcnty-ciFhth and One Hundred and
Krccnd New York, now living at Clinton.
Iowa, fell from a Cliff House car ye8 r
JTday and bus-tained a fracture of'the
left l«-p. Thf patient was removed to,
tSw California General Hospital by Dr.
Wlnslow Andereon. mfdical director of
thi Ti; ; !iy-*f<\v"nth National Encamp
mrnl < l .«!..¦ Grand Army. Dr. Ander
»<in, ;•!-:!-;• J by Dr. C. G. Kenyon; one
of the volunteer surgeons of the en
lampmcnt, treated the unfortunate
Tii.-man. '
Wife of Veteran Injured.
MARYSVILLE, Aug. 13.— Congressman
Theodora A. Bell paid a visit to the Gov
ernment restraining barriers on the Yuba
River above Marysvllle to-day and later
inspected the Yuba and Feather rivers
with a \-iew to acquainting himself wltn
the requirements of. this locality in the
shape of river Improvement. Bell re
ceived a hearty welcome at the hands of
the citizens, irrespective of party, and
was called upon during his visit by a
large number of citizens.
Congressman Bell Visits Marysville.
Public Pays Author's Fine.
LONDON. Aug. 13.— Arnold White, the
author xcho.was fined J500 by the High
Court for contempt of court, in writing an
article Just prior to Whittaker Wright's
arrival In England which, it was alleged,
was calculated to prejudice Wright's trial,
hasbeen liberated. His fine was paid by
public subscription. ;
Leaves Estate Worth Half-Million.
REDDING. Aug. 13.— Henry Nicholson
Wilkinson, who was reputed to be the
wealthiest person In Shasta County and
Tvho also bore the name of being the
most eccentric, died early this morning
at bis farm home near Miliville at the ad
vanced age of 87 years. He left an es
tate, mostly money ana bond?, estimated
at from $200,000 to $500,000 in value. As
decedent left no immediate relatives the
contents of the will, held by a Redding
lawyer. Is causing much speculation.
FAINTS AND FALLS
OVER A BALUSTRADE
OAKLAND. Aug. 13.— Seized with a
Seudden fainting spell. C. W. Crabtrea
toppled over a baluster In the third story
of the Blake & Moffltt building. Eighth
street anti Broadway, to-day and fell to
the floor below, suffering a severe concus
sion, besides cuts and bruises.
Crabtree knew nothing of hi3 fall until
he regained consciousness on the operat
ing table at the Receiving Hospital. He
Is 2S years of age and lives at <615 Fif
teenth street. He said, that at time3 he
Is subject to fits of epilepsy.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
\KRIVKD
Wednesday. August 13. •
Stmr Navexro, Weber. -11 hours from Ftsh
ermans Bay.
SAILED.' . V
Wednesday. August 13.
Stmf Samoa. Madsen, Caspar.
. Stir.r Santa Monica. OUen. San Pedro.
Stmr Olympic, Haneen, Whatcom and Fatr
haven. . . . • ¦- 'j&fik'^M
DOMESTIC PORTS
TORT HARFOlin- Sailed Aug IS, midnight
— Ftrr.r Ilamona. for San Francisco..
TATOOSH — Passed In. Auk 13 — Schr Mildred,
frcm Honolulu, for Whatcom. "
¦ M3NDOC1NO— Sailed <Ausr 13— Stmrs Phoe
nix and Point Arena, for San Francisco.
ABERDEEN— Sailed Aus .13— Stmrs Cheha
11s and San I'edro. for San Francisco; »chr
F M' Sta.de... for- East Ixmdon.
ASTORIA — Arrival AU? H3— Stmr Aberdeen,
hence* Aug 10. - x ' ¦ . •
OCEAN 'STEAMERS.
" QUEEN'S! OW'Nw-Arrlved Aug 13 — Stmr New
Kngland, from Koetun, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded. ' ' . '
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Aug: 13— Gtmr Common
weallli. ¦¦ for • Morton, « via' Queenstown; etmr
Ionian,, for Montreal.': via MovlIIe. .
Prepares Welcome for Veterans.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 13— The people of
Kama. Clara County will give the visiting
Gru>d Army men a royal reception on
fianta Clara County day. August 22. Ar
rsngemfnts have b^en made to feed 4000
visitors in-Pt. Jamps Park and tables and
feat? win br provided for -this numocr.
The ladies of the rliy and county will
have charge of tho lunch. There will also
l>f a band concert in the park and ad
dr*fc«:F cf wplcomp. The' visitors will be
taken for a drive about the city and su
burbs. A number of excursions are to be
run to San Jose by the railway company.
MAY APPEAL TO PRESIDENT.
Reported That Russia Consents to
Manchurian Arbitration.
.YOKOHAMA. Aug. 13.-A Peking dis
patch a local newspaper says that
Prince Ching has secured Russia's consent
to the invoking of President Roosevelt's
good offices In connection with the Man
churlan difficulty.
Fatal Quarrel Between Boys.
SANTA ANA, Aug. 13. — Word has
reached here of an encounter last night
at Yorba. ten miles from here, between
two Mexican boys, as a result of which"
Laonca Yorba is dead and Ramon Cooper
is under arrest for causing his death. The
two were enemies and last night as they
were returning home Coopcrr attacked
Ycrba with his bare hands."" throw
ing him violently to the ground. . Yorba
rose when Cooper released him and then
fell back dead. No weapons were used
and 'it Is thought that the fall ruptured a
blood vessel. Cooper was immediately
placed under arrest.
Militiamen Leave for the East Side
of North Island.
CAMP LAST IS DESERTED.
SAN DIEGO. Aug. 13.— Camp La«t is de
serted to-night. At C o'clock this after
noon the First Battalion of the Seventh
Rcniment. under command ot Captain
<:ole. marched to the cast side of North
If-land. with orders to play the part of a
landing party from a ship, pitching shel
ter tents and forming a temporary camp.
An hour and a half later the two other
battalions left camp, going to the west
ern side of North Island, where they will
bivouac for the night. In the morning
these two battalions will go in search of
the Kirst Battalion and when they find
U there will be a eham battle.
Family Service Followed by Funeral
Bites of Various Fraternal
Organizations.
OAKLAND, Aug. 13.— The funeral of
John E. Holmes Jr., who died at his home
at 961 Castro street last Tuesday, was
held to-day. The family service was held
at Taylor's undertaking establishment,
after which the remains we^ removed to
Woodmen Hall, where services were con
ducted .under the auspices of Oakland
Camp No. 94. Woodmen of the World.
Orion Lodge No. 1S3. I. O. O. F.. and
Brooklyn Lodge No. 32. Knights of
Pythias, held a joint service In the chapel
of the Oakland Crematory, after which
the remains were Incinerated.
One pall-bQarer was chosen from each
of the orders of which the deceased was
a member, the Woodmen. Odd Fellows,
Fraternal Order of Eagles. Brotherhood
of Yeomen. Knights of Pythias and Typo
graphical Union No. 36.
LAST RESPECTS PAID
TO JOHN E. HOLMES JR.
MISERY IS INTENSE
IN STRICKEN JAMAICA
Appeal Is Made to Americans in
Behalf of Sufferers From
the Hurricane.
-'KINGSTON. Jamaica. Aug. 13. -The
destitution In the hurricane stricken dis
trict is appalling. Thousands of persons,
homeless, starving and III clad, are hurry
ing to the towns to obtain shelter and
supplies, but as all the churches and pub
lic buildings have been demolished the
misery is intense.
A meeting held at Port Antonio to-day
appealed to the generosity of the Ameri
can people. Foodstuffs and lumber are
urgently needed, and assistance was Im
plored. :.%".".,
Light Shock of Earthquake.
OAKLAND. Aug. 13.— A light earth
quake shock of five seconds' duration was
felt this morning at 3:30 o'clock.
Sues for Divorce.
OAKLAND. Aug. J3.— Suit for divorce
was instituted to-day by Florence Mae
Goodman against Sidney E. Goodman on
the grounds of desertion and failure to
provide. They were married In June. 1902.
She asks to be allowed to resume her
former name of Florence Mae Wade.
STRIKE ON LAKE STEAMER.
Firemen Quit Work Because They
Are Not Served Mashed Potatoes.
CHICAGO. Aug. 13.— Because six of its
members are in jail In South Haven,
Mich., charged with mutiny, the Marine
Firemen's Union has declared war on the
large passenger steamer Eastland, and
say that it shall not leave port until the
men have been released.
The six firemen quit work to-day while
the boat was in the middle of Lake Mich
igan and refused to perform their duty
because they were . not served with
mashed potatoes at dinner. Glenn Wat-
Bon and William Watson, who are
charged by the officers of the boat with
being the ringleaders, were put in irons
and their companions were driven below
and kept prisoners until the boat reached
South Haven, when they were all man
acled and marched to Jail.
The boat left Chicago with fifty-five
passengers, bound for South Haven.
About noon, when It had reached the
middle of the lake, the machinery stopped
and when Captain Peru hastened to learn
the cause of the trouble he \fras con
fronted by the firemen, who said they
would not work because they had not
been served with mashed potatoes.
The cook explained that the first crew
at dinner had eaten all the mashed pota
toes, but that more were In preparation
and would be ready in a few minutes.
In the meanwhile the men were offered
plain boiled potatoes and these were re
fused, the men declining at the same time
to go to work.
The captain gave the men three minutes
to go to work, after the boat had been
delayed twenty minutes, and the men re
fusing, he summoned the officers of the
ship and placed them under arrest. The
ringleaders made a hard fight before they
were subdued, but were finally placed In
irons. Two firemen remained on duty and
with these steam was got up and the boat
•went on to South Ilaven.
The officers of the Marine Firemen's
Union support their men In. the. action
taken, and declare they will, call a strike
on the steamer and that no 'firemen will
work 'on her.
Distributes Taylor Estate.
OAKLAND, Aug. 13.— The formal order
¦was made to-day dissolving the trust
clause in the will of the late Chauncey
Taylor^ Steps to this end were taken
some time ago by his widow, Sarah J.
Taylor, and the Taylor Estate Company
<wa3 incorporated by the heirs to 'the
property of the deceased capitalist. The
order made to-day distributes the prop
erty to Sarah J. Taylor. Henry B. Tay
lor, Bertha Foote Jackson. Chauncey T.
Foote, Henry S. Foote, \V. W. Foote and
Enid Foote.
EMPEROR WILLIAM AIDS
WOMEN IN DISTRESS
His Physician and Yacht Placed at
Service of Victims of
Accident.
BERLIN, Aug. 13.— During Emperor
William's Scandinavian tour he was able
to render great service to Mrs. Herkmann
of Baneelsburg, Prussia, and Mrs. Orth
of New York, who were thrown from a
carriage and seriously injured at Stal
helm, Norway. The Emperor's yacht
Hohenzollern was then ancljored off Gud
vangen, near Stalhelm, where there Is no
doctor. Upon learning of the accident
the Emperor sent his own physician to
attend the ladies. When he was later In
formed that their injuries were dangerous
he had them taken aboard the yacht and
then took them to Swlnemunde, where
they were placed on the Emperor's special
train and conveyed to Babelsberg. With
out the Emperor's help both women might
have died, owing to lack of medical aid
and proper attention.
Autopsy Shows That Viola Magee's
Demise Was Caused by
Opium Poisoning.
OAKLAND, Aug. 13.— With an autopsy
revealing strong evidence of opium pois
oning. Coroner Mehrmann has ordered a
close investigation Into the cause of death
In the case of Viola Magee, a nurse,
whose body was found yesterdav after
noon In a room at the residence of Charles
W. Wilklns, » contractor, residing at 1463
Twelfth street. The woman had been em
ployed to attend Mrs. Wilklns, who is an
invalid.
Dr. L. R. Webster, who was called Im
mediately after the body was found, said
the external evidence pointed to opium
poisoning or to alcoholism. There was
nothing to indicate suicide.
The body was taken to tho Morgue,
where an autopsy was held to-night by
Dr. C. E. Curtis and Dr. G. G. Reinle.
The evidence of opium poisoning was so
strongly manifested that the surgeons
said they were prepared to testify that
this was the cause of death. To fully
verify their decision they removed the
stomach and will make a chemical analy
sis of Us contents to-morrow. Dr. Reinle
said:
"I am satisfied that some form of opium
caused death. On what was revealed by
the autopsy I am prepared to so testify.
But to clinch the matter the contents of
the stomach will be analyzed. Coroner
Mehrmann Informed me after the autopsy
that It had been reported to him that
the woman had used morphine."
The dead nurse was 40 years old. Her
residence was at 953 Clay street.
CORONER WILL INQUIRE
INTO WOMAN'S DEATH
METHODIST CHAPEL GOES
UP ON SHORT NOTICE
Lot Purchased, Building Erected and
Arrangements Made to Dedi
cate, All in a Week.
BERKELEY. Aug. 13.— Shortest on rec
ord is the project for the erection and
dedication of a chapel for the Trinity
Methodist Church that will have its cli
max next Sunday afternoon. The chapel
was unthought of until last Saturday.
when the Rev. C. K. Jenness. pastor of
Trinity Church, received a communica
tion from the people in the neighborhood
of College avenue and Russell etreet
promising that if a chapel were built for
them they would send fifty pupils to It.
Mr. Jenness was immediately taken
with the idea and purchased a lot at
Russell street and Colleere avenue. Then
he arranged for a building and after a
little searching found a portable one In
Oakland, which he arranged 'to have
brought to Berkeley and set up.
The work Is now Rolng on and by Sun
day it will be ready for services. Ar
rangements have been made to have
Bishop John W. Hamilton deliver the
dedicatory sermon at 3 o'clock.
PHYSICIANS WILL ASSIST.
Prominent Medical Men Volunteer
Services During Encampment.
The following physicians have volun
teered th«r services to render medical
and surgical assistance when necessary
to veterans and . families during the 1 en
campment: Dr. W. F. Southard, Dr. D.
A. Hodghead. Dr. C. G. Kenyon, Dr.
George M. Terrill, Dr. Charles A. Clin
ton. Captain Z. T. Malaby, Dr. Hugo
A. Wahi. Major P. N. Russell. Colonel G.
F. Hanson. Dr. Olllvier EL Simons. Dr.
J. Beechler, Dr. H. d'Arcy Power. Dr. A.
W. Morton. Dr. E. S. Howard. Dr. A.
?chloss. Dr. V. F. Knorp. Dr. William J.
Jackson. Dr. Francis Williams, Dr. John
M. Stowell. Dr. J. H. Seymour, Dr. Car
roll O. Southard, Dr. R. R. Bullock, Dr.
G. W. Goodale. Dr. James D. Hill. Dr.
]/ra W. Spripgs. Dr. C. W. KaJiI. Dr. A.
S. Adler. Dr. Frank Howard Payne. Dr.
J. G. Crawford. Dr. William Himmels
back. Dr. S. F. Long, Dr. George Childs
Macdor.ald. Dr. Waldemar Scholtz. Dr.
K. \V. Couper, Dr. E. EL Manner, Dr.
Wilder Dwlght. Dr. Emil Weschke. Dr.
M. F. Hopkir.s. Dr. J. P. Lefevre. Dr. F.
W. Lux, Dr. A. P. Woodward. Dr. Max
K&Jomon. Dr. C A. McQuesUn. Dr. J. S.
Potts. Dr. George J. Bucknall. Dr. P. J.
Perkins.
Details of surgeons will accompany the
veterans on their excursions and be in
attendance at the large meetings.
The './.lowing lady physicians have also
volunteered their services: Dr. Sophie B.
Kobicke. Dr. "Bertha Wagner-Stark, Dr.
I,ol:ta B. Day. Dr. Tryphinr.ie B. Janes.
Dr. A. J. Downing and Dr. Gertrude
Spriggs.
The following dentists have also volun
teered their services, charging only for
cost of material used: Dr. Thomas Morf
fcw. Dr. William A. Bryant. Dr. Waiter
y. Lewis, Dr. O. W. Westphal. Dr. Robert
E. O'Ccnnell. Dr. Charles Boxton.
The following druggists will fill pre
scriptions and furnish surgical dressing?
at cost: Et. Winifred Pharmacy; Searby's
pharmacy, H. F. Dugan, E. W. Joy. the
Owl Drug Company and Ferry Drug Com
pany.
Nurses from St. Winifred's Hospital and
the California General Hospital will be
In attendance from -9 a, m. to 11 p. m.
daily at the Emergency Hospital. These
Krvkc-s arc given free by the hospitals.
The following hospitals will receive G.
A. R. patients:
For the very poor two free beds have
be<?n donated at St. Winifred's Hospital,
l f t25 Sutter street, and the California Gan
tral Hospital. Sixteenth and Douglass
urcets. and two free beds by the Wal
dtck Hospital. 717 Jones street.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 13.— Another tack is
being taken toward settling the two lo
cal railroad franchises by those who are
not satisfied with the methods being pur
sued by the City Trustees and the Citi
zens' Advisory Committee of Fifty. The
latest move to dispose of the agitation
which has disturbed Alameda for six
weeks Is to have the questions at issue
passed upon by the voters of the city,
and with that-^nd in view the following
petition has been placed In circulation and
will be presented to the City Trustees
next Monday night:
To the Honorable the Board of Trustees of
the City of Alameda — Gentlemen: We, the
qualified voters, electors of the City of Ala
meda, undersigned, hereby respectfully peti
tion your honorable board to immediately call
a special election In accordance with 'the pro
vUion* of your ordinance. No. 270. for the pur
pose of obtaining an expression ot opinion of
the electors of said City cf Alameda upon ques
tions^ of local public Interest pending before
your honorable board, and which we ask to be
submitted at such • election, substantially in
the following form, viz. :
First— Shall franchises be granted authoriz
ing propulsion of'cars on Railroad avenue and
on Encinal avenue by electric power Instead of
¦team/
Second— If franchise is granted for steam
power, shall it require that local passengers be
carried free between stations east of Mastick
and Pacific avenue stations?
Third — Shall the steam railroad tracks on
Railroad avenue, between Fifth and Eighth
Btreets, bo removed?
• Fourth — Shall stations be maintained at
Fifth aJid Webster streets, north shore?
Fifth — Shall a monetary consideration for the
franchises exceeding $300 a month be required?
Sixth — What .shall be the term of the fran
chises?
There is a city ordinance with respect
to the operation of the referendum, but
there is some question as to whether 1t
can be invoked at the present time as
tTelng applicable to the franchise situa
tion. It provides that upon petition pre
sented ¦ not less than fifteen days prior
to a general or municipal election ques
tions_upon which the. petitioners desire to
obtain public sentiment may be voted
upon, but even that vote, it Is held, is
not binding upon the City Trustees, only
advisory. As the next municipal election
is a year and a half distant, and as the
next ceneral election will not occur until
November of next year, it is not seen
how the franchise matter can be sub
mitted to a vote before the first of those
elections.
It Is unofficially reported that the South
ern Pacific management intends to with
draw the application it has made for the
franchise on the north side or Railroad
avenue line. The- company has always
operated this road without a franchise,
holding: that it owns right of way and
is independent of municipal control. It
Is also understood that the Southern Pa
cific will not be likely to accept the fran
chises on the terms to. be embodied in
the ordinance" to be submitted to the City
Trustees next Monday night, and that
the company will continue to operate its
local roads' until It obtains the franchises
on its own^terms, or until some legal
action Is taken to prevent the operating
of the roads without franchises.
HAYWARDS, Aug. 13.— A belated citi
zen going home about midnight last
night discovered the body of a man sus
pended from a branch cf a tree In the
heart of town. The citizen who found
him hastily summoned Deputy Coroner
Dolner, who, calling upon Dr. C. E. Rey
nolds, repaired with him to the scene.
Great excitement and much speculation
prevailed as to the Identity of the man
Euspended from the branch. •
There was a short discussion as to the
best way of getting the body down, when
Dr. Reynolds drew his knife, and, with
all eyes centered upon him, began to
climb the tree In order to reach the rope
and sever It and thus allowt the supposed
corpse to be lowered to the ground. The
body hung in the moonlight, still as a
stone. The head was tilted over to one
side, as If the weight attached to the
rope had thrown it into that position.
As the doctor^eached the branchi from
which the body was supended a slight
movement was noticeable about the form,
apparently stiff and stark, and as the doc
tor was about to lay the knife to the rope
the spectators were electrified by seeing
the arms of the supposed corpse suddenly
extend themselves, and then, hand over
hand, the man raised himself to the
branch above. Doctor and corpse faced
each other on the limb of the tree, while
a laugh broke from the ring of people
gathered around.
The body proved to be that of Ernest
Baumelster. The deception was carried
out by having the rope first go around his
body under the arms, thus supporting his
weight. He allowed himself to be sus
pended in this manner by some compan
ions, who then hid themselves And
awaited developments. The Coroner is
threatening arrest, while the doctor says
that that official owes him for a midnight
call.
EXTRA SESSION MAY
BE CALLED IN OCTOBER
Sub-Committee on Finance Desires to
Have Plan of Bill Definitely
Formulated.
OYSTER BAY, Aug. 13.— The Aldrich
sub-committe* to draft a financial bill
after the meeting with President Roose
velt made the following announcement
to-day :
"The sub-committee of the Finance
Committee of the Senate desires to be in
constant touch with the President, with
the Secretary of the Treasury, with mem
bers of the House of Representatives,
with bankers West and East and with
country bankers as well as city bankers,
so that it can have some plan definitely
formulated by the time of the extra
session of Congress, whether it occurs in
October or November. An extra session
surely will be called. What the commit
tee has done is merely tentative, and
while It would be an easy thing to draw
a bill which the committee might agree
on it is another thing to draw one which
can be passed, and that is a very import
ant matter."
Body Found Suspended
Prom Limb Crawls
Astride It.
Alamedans Would Sub
mit Matter to Vpte '
of the People.
BERKELEY. Aug. 13.— Een Greet, leader
of the company that i\ producing the old
English play. ••Everyman," Tiattcd the uni
versity to-day and met President Wheeler,
with whom he arranged to bring his company
either to Hearst Hall or Harmon Gymnasium
to rlay on September 1. Mr. Griefs com
pany Is now on its way across the continent,
having arrived in New York yesterday. Thera
are twenty-two members In the company, six
teen of whom will come from Ensland. Th<»
company will bring all its own costumes and
scenery. It will stay three weeks en the Pa
cific Coast, leaving In time to play in Pittsburg
in the early part of October. While here the
company will play "Everyman" at the Lyrla
Hall in San Francisco.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Robbers Hold Up a Gambling-House.
BAKER CITY, Or., Aug. 13.— Three
masked men entered the Miners' Cabin
saloon this evening and robbed the gam
ing table In the back room and the cash
register in the front room of J3S0 cash.
There were about forty people in the sa
loon and gambling room at the time.
INT SENTIMENT
ON FRANCHISES
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
John Koppltz (by R. H Fitzgerald, com
missioner) to Frederick C. Siebe, lot on S line
of Golden Gate avenue, 200:6 W of Laxkln
•treet. W 68 :y by S 120; $17,200.
George Tourney to same, same, quitclaim
deed; $10.
Aqulla W. Hanna to same, lot on S line of
Golden Gate avenue, 137:6 E of Polk street,
E 6S:9 by S 137:6 quitclaim deed; $5.
Frederick C. Siebe to Jeanne R. Abrams
(wife of Albert), lot on S line of Golden Gate
avenue. 200:6 W of Larkin street. XV 6S:0 by
S 120; $10.
Mary Huddy Sarah A. Dunbar. Maggie E.
Barr and John' B. Carson to Bertha Biber. lot
on N line of Bush street. 154 :U \V of Polk. W
23:3, N 120 E 22:3 S 52 E 1. S OS; $10.
William G. Walton to Albert and Charlotta
Wllford. lot on S line of Vallejo stre2t. 114:6
E of Webster E 23 by S ll.i:*i; $10.
Estate of Caroline F. Algeltinger (by Charles
B. Perkins, administrator) to James West, lot
on KB corner of Grove and Fillmore streets. E
40:3. X SO. E 22:0 N 20. W CS:O, S 100; $S750.
Emanuel Velladoa and Mary. Andrea J and
Xfrllle DeCampos. John Oliver. James Am
brose. M. L. Davis, John J. and Mary De
Campos and Stella De Campos (wife of Eman
uel) to Peter and Mary Gray, lot on N line
of Gear}' street, 126:6 W of Lyon, W 25 by
N 100; $1400.
Joseph Arnold to Jane Arnold, lot on E line
of San Carlos avenue (Jessie). 160 N of Nine
teenth street. N 25 by E SO; gift.
Henry P Fogarty to John Dupraw. lot on
N line of Dorland street. 245 E of Dolores, E
30 by N 115; $10. '
Estate of Ludwlg Altschul (by Richard Alt
schul. executor), to Andrew Mork, lot on W
line of Church street. 130 N of Seventeenth. N
25 W 100 S 10. W 6:3. S 15. E 100:3; $2200.
6. D and Millie E. Baldwin to Patrick J.
and Elizabeth King, lot on E line of Castro
street, 76:0 N of Twenty-first. N 25 by E 100;
$10
Henry Felce to Henry Ahlers, lot on E line
of San Jose avenue. 205 S of Twenty-fourth
street, S 25 by E 00; $10.
J. A. and Annie R. Mclnnis to Herman F.
Suhr. lot on E line of Mission street, 65 S of
Twenty-fifth. S 40 by E 115; $10.
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to Ellen
M Williams lot on XV line of Fair Oaks street,
210 S of Twenty-fifth. S 25 by W 125; $S00.
Vestry of St. John's Church and Parish to
Protestant Episcopal Bishop of California, lot
on E line of Fair Oaks street, 1S5 N of Twen
ty-sixth. N 50 by E 125; $1.
City Land Investment Company to Hilda C.
Brobeck, lot on E line of Dolores street, 76:6
N of Thirtieth. N 25 by E 100; $10.
Gottfrld Brobeck to same, same; gift.
Joseph Abrahams to Jakob Straessler, lot
on N line of Twenty-fourth street, 55 E of
PiaraonJ. E 25 by N 114; $10.
Xlcola Colombo to Catterlna Colombo, undi
vided one-half ot lot on N line of Vandewater
street. 114:7 W of Mason, W 23:11 by N 60;
$10.
Cclestia Hyatt to Asostino Ghlo, lot on N
line of Chestnut street, 23 E of Mason, E
S2:7H by X tiS:9; $10.
• Joseph Arnold to Jane Arnold, lot on SE
line of Perry street, SCO SW of Third, EW 25
by SE 80; gift.
William D. and Alice B. Brown and Jere
miah J. and Maud L. Sullivan to Pauline
Frledlander, lot on SE line of. Howard street,
'J0O SW of Fourth. SW 25 by SE SO; $10.
Herman Frledlander to same, same; gift.
Claus Spreckels to Herrmann J. Meyer, lot
on SE lino of Market street, 625 SW of Sixth,
SW 25 by £E 166: $5.
Jacob Heyman Company to Joseph Eman
uel, lot on E line of Twentieth avenue. 250 N
of California street, N 20 by E 125; $10.
Hugo K. Asher to Bernhard Geu. lot on
W line of Twenty-second avenue, 100 S of Lake
street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
William M. and Mary E. de Wolf to William
Haryett, lot on N line of California street.
32 :« E of Twenty-fourth avenue, E 50 by N
100; S10.
William C. Bruson to Albert M. Eaterle, out
side lands block 1257, bounded by Seventeenth
and Eighteenth avenues, VV and X streets; $10.
William Brooks and as trusteu estate . of
Kale L. and Benjamin H. Brooks to George
H. Wlnterburn, lot on SW corner of Forty
eighth avenue and S street, W 17:0, S 300.
X 300, quitclaim deed; .$10.
Henry F. and Clara H. Blanchet Jr. to Fritz
Draeger. rerecord 1873 D. 188, lot on E line
of GIrard street, 175 S of Dwight, S 50 by
E 120, lota t) and 10, block 11, Paul Tract
Homestead; $10. ¦
Andrew H. Hathaway to Ferdinand R. S.
and Mary Krause. lot on NW corn-ir of Ala
bama (Columbia avenue) and RIpley (Prospect
place) street, W 220 by N 150 lots 160, 170
and 171, Precita Valley Lands;, S4000.
Fritz H., or Fritz and Lena Jlraesrer to
Leopold VVeinsteln, ¦ lot on E line of GIrard
street, 150 S of Dwjght, S 75 by E 120, lots
9 and 10. block 11, Paul Tract; ?10.
G. L. Fitz to E. M. Galvln, lot 12. block
423, South San Kranclsco Homestead and Rail
road Association: si.
William Hale to Abraham C. Freeman, lots
1432 to 1436, Klft map 3, and Interest «n estate
of Robert A. Marden, deceased, quitclaim deed;
Christ Stader to Anna Stader, !ots 46 and
47, block A, Glen Park Terrace: clft.
Lena Eisner (wife ot Mlltcn S.) to August
SJogren. lot on NW corner of Army and Ala
bama streets, W 50:3, N to Seroentlne ave
nue. E to S\V corner of Serpentine avenue and
Alabama street. S to beginning:; $5.
Joseph and Julie Labrucherie . to Francois
Labrucherie. undivided V? of blocks 163 and
104. University Extension Homestead: $10.
Enrico Zuagelll to Caterlna Zuaeelil. lot 2.
block 3, De Boom Tract; also lot 18t>, Cobb
Tract; gift.
Benjamin and Mary C. Philkill to F. J.
Devlin, lots 44 and 45. block IS, Lakeview; ?10.
Builders' Contracts.
Charles A.' Ztnkand (owner) with George
Braendleln (contractor), architect, Restau
rant and bar fixtures In building In Los An
geles; $IG,C0O.
Mrs. V. L. Hopper (owner) with Charles N.
Hancock (contractor), architects, Mahoney &
Ryland— Alterations and additions to a two
story frame bulldln* on No. 4523 Ml3slon street,
near China avenue; $1350.
F. and Anna Mecchl (owners) with W. E.
Grant (contractor), architest, All. work for
a three-story and basement frame building
(Hats), on NE corner of Filbert and Steiner
streets, K 3f»:!> by N"63: ?8G00.
Jennie Zellerbach and Lillie Levlson (owners)
with Alfred Legault (contractor), architect,
Charles J.. Rousseau— All work for a four-story
and basement frame building on "N line of Sac
ramento street, 113:9 E of Larkin, E 69:7 by
N-120. XV 45:10, N 17:6, W 23:9, S 137:6;
?EO.O0O. •
Alfred Leeault (contractor) with M. Levy
(subcontractor), architect, same — Sewer work,
plumbing, sasfittins. electrical work, telephones
for same on Bame: $7150.
One of the two footpads who have been
comrMtting robberies in the North Beach
district for the last two weeks was caught
while plying his calling early this morn
ing by Policemen Cavanaugh and Mathie
s-on and Detectives Freel and Reynolds.
These officers have been en the lookout
for more than a week for the footpads
whose numerous operations were reported
to the police. Mathleson and Cavanaugh
were standing at the corner of Stockton
and Lombard streets and Reynolds and
Freel were at Lombard and Powell
streets when they were attracted by the
repeated scream* of a woman coming
from the direction of Montgomery ave
nue.
As o;::ckly as possible they rushed in
that direction and on arriving there found
a. roughly dressed man struggling In the
'grasp cf a man and a woman, and en
deavoring to escape. They overpowered
lum and were soon acquainted with the
fact that their prisoners was one of the
much soucht footpads. He was recog
nized as John Busch, a character well
known to the police, with a long record
cf crimes to answer for.
Mr, and Mrs. Claraty were the !a«t vic
tfSni of the robber. The husband is a
v:«°rk employed by M. A. Gunst & Co.
and the couple were on their way to their
borne at 7S£ Chestnut street when they
v.ere stopped by Buseh. who held a re
volver "and told them to hand over their
valua'uk's. The footpad had his face con
cealed fcebfod a black scarf with slits in
Jt for eyeholes. Claraty grappled with
the man and his wife went to his as-
Fistance. emitting scream after scream
daring the struggle. The robber tried
hard to get away*, but the coupla clung
to him until the arrival of fou/ police
.ff.oers. '•
Boacb was taken to the Central station
and five charges of robbery and one for
assault -to murder were placed against
Mm. Th« latter charge grew out of a cut
ting scrape in South San Francisco some
time ago.
The.pfisor.er is an ex-convict. Aided by
Tony Leront, who was arrested two days
aco. he is supposed to have committed
ai! the robberies that have been reported
from the North Ecach district lately. The
police art much elated over what they
consider an important capture and the
fact that he was caught in. the actual
t ommission cf one of his crimes.
Special Dispatch to The Call
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
\V., WASHINGTON. Aug. 13.-For ad
dressing to the Nary Department what
the officials regarded as an Impertinent
letter. Colonel Robert L. Meade. United
States Marine Corps, will by order of the
President be placed upon the retired list
on October 31 next, when he will have
reached the age of 62 years. The law
provides that officers of the army upon
reaching the age of 62 years may, at the
discretion of the President, be placed
upen the retired list, and the same law
applies to the marine corps.
Colonel Meade recently filed an appli
cation for retirement upon his sixty-sec
ond birthday and requested that he be
retired with the advanced rank of brig
adier general. The Attorney General ren
dered an opinion that retirement with the
advanced rank was not permissible under
the law in the case of officers of the ma
rine corps. Colonel Meade's Truest could
not, therefore be granted, but upon the
recommendation of the acting Secretary
of the Navy the President approved Col
onel Meade's application for retirement
and the order was prepared.
Learning that he vvas to be retired in
his present grade. Colonel Meade address
ed a letter to the Navy Department ask
ing permission to withdraw his applica
tion. The tone cf the letter was not to
the liking of t..e acting Secretary or other
officials of the department. It Is under
stood that in his letter Colonel Meade
charged that the department had Ignored
the conditions upon which he asked to
be retired, namely, that he be retired
with advanced rank. The Navy Depart
ment did not consider that Colonel
Meade's original application stated that
.request as a condition.
Acting Secretary Darling disposed of
the case by forwarding to the President
Colonel Meade's last letter, with the rec
ommendation that Colonel Meade be re
tired October 31 next by order of the Pres
ident.
From Oyster Bay the papers have been
received approved by the President and
an order for Colonel Meade's retirement
has been made out. The order does not
allude to the circumstances under which
Colonel Meade will be retired. Colonel
Meade Is now in charge of the barracks
at Mare Island.
- \
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
214S Center Street, Aug. 13.
Professor Edward Bull Clapp, professor
of the Greek language and literature at
the University of California, was one of
the few Americans present at Belgrade,
in Servla, the night King 'Alexander and
his beautiful consort. Queen Draga, were
assassinated by the military. Professor
Clapp returned to the university to-day
after a year's absence, spent in travel
over Europe, and related his experiences
at that critical time in Servian history.
"The night the King and Queen were
assassinated," said Professor Clapp. "it
was peaceful and quiet In the city of
Belgrade. I approached the city that
night In a steamer, coming down the
Danube River from Bucharest, the capital
of Roumanla, where I Had spent some
few days.
"As we approached the city I saw a
brilliantly lighted place on a bluff over
hanging the river. It seemed to be full
of life and merriment. I asked a young
Frenchman, whom I had met on the boat,
what that place was, and he replied that
It was the konak— the palace of King
Alexander and Queen Draga.
"This y conversation -occurred about D
o'clock and a little later we landed at the
city's wharves. I retired early, as I ex
pected to get up at 4:30 o'clock to catch
a train going to another part of the coun
try. When I went downstairs to the hotel
office at that hour the proprietor said to
me: 'Did you hear what happened in the
night?' I said I had not. and then he
went on to tell me how the conspirators
of the army had attacked the palace In
the night and killed the King and Queen.
"I saw that if I 6tayed I might be de
tained in the city for an Indefinite length
of time and so I hurried oft to the rail
road station. In fact, the very next day
the city was made subject to martial law.
in which state it remained four or five
days. I had some trouble getting out of
the city as it was, the officials being very
careful In their scrutiny of the pass I car
ried.
"I am not sure what the feeling of the
people was toward the King and Queen.
It was all very quiet' in Belgrade the day
after the murders, but I think this was
due more to fear of the military than the
satisfaction of the people. No doubt the
people were afraid to express their real
feelings. I heard that some time before
the murders the King and Queen were re
peatedly cheered at a public meeting, ap
parently Indicating that there was no
feeling against them."
Professor Clapp met many famous
Greek scholars during his absence and
gathered new ideas in the classical fields
of Southern Europe. He visited Oxford,
Goettingen, Munich and Berlin In Ger
many; Greece, Asia Minor and Turkey.
At- Berlin he met Professor Wllamowltz,
the world's most famous classical scholar,
who was greatly interested In American
students. Greece he found to be a much
stronger, cleaner nation than when he
visited It eighteen years ago ana was sur
prised at the acuteness of the Greek peas
ants, who have acquired some Knowledge
of the ancient Greek language.
LONDON. Aug. 13.--A dispatch to the
Central News from Vienna says the en
tire Servian Ministry has resigned In con
sequence of the in the per
sonal relations between army officers who
participated In the assassination of King
Alexander and Queen Draga and those
who took no part in the murders.
The Daily Telegraph prints a dispatch
from Vienna which says there are uncon
firmed reports that King Peter of Servla
has threatened to abdicate, as he is vir
tually a prisoner In the hands of the mil
itary party.
VIENNA. Aug. 13.— It Is said that King
Peter/ has invited Johan Avakumovitch,
the Premier both under the late King and
himself, to reconstruct the Servian Cab
inet with the Idea of excluding the three
Ministers whose irreconcilable attitude
precipitated the crisis, as they refused to
consent to the military credits unless all
stateN officials who enjoyed the late King's
confidence were dismissed. It Is said that
the discipline of the army has been se
verely shaken and that a difficult task
confronts King Peter unless he shall be
able to get the upper hand of the military
party by proceeding against the recent
conspirators.
WASHINGTON,' Aug. 13.— Acting Sec
retary Darling to-day received from Cap
tain Emery, commanding the Indiana, the
senior officer present, the report of the
board appointed to investigate the acci
dent to the hull of the Massachusetts yes
terday at East Harbor, Maine. Captain
Emery reports that two compartments of
the battleship are full of water— In all
about 390 tons. Slight leaks In other com
partments aro reported and athwart ship
there is a crack about eighteen inches long
and a half inch wide. A second crack ex
tends four feet across the plate and four
teen Inches in the seam.
Orders have been sent to the Brooklyn
navy yard to get the dock there In readi
ness for the Massachusetts, which Is to
go there for repairs, which may cost a
large sum. One hundred thousand dol
lars wa3 spent on the Massachusetts when
she grounded In New York harbor in 1S00.
The pilot was suspended for that acci
dent.
BAR HARBOR, Maine. Aug. 13.— Late
this afternoon divers who had been ex
amining the United States battleship
Massachusetts, which had her forward
plates cracked while leaving the harbor
in a fog yesterday, found that she was
more seriously damaged than was at first
thought to be the case, as the ship was
settling aft as well as forward. The ship
will be moved into more shallow water
so that if anything gives way she will
not sink deep enough to cause excessive
damage. The divers were unable to lo
cate any crack in the after part of the
ship.
MORBID CROWD
RECEIVES SHOCK
Oaklsr.d Office San Francisco Call.
1113 Broadway, Aug. 13.
£ove tricked justice out of her prey to
day when the District Attorney moved
for a dismissal of the charge of grand
larceny against William ' E Barnes on
the ground that the accused man had
married the complaining witness ami she
was thereby under disability to testify
against him. As she was the only witness
b?which the fact could *>e proved, there
was nothing to be done but to dismiss the
"lames was accused by Mrs. Anna B.
Hughes, living at Twelfth and Clay
Sre'ets of havfng robbed her tr^ofj.
In cash and a watch valued at 5Co4 wu.i
the proceeds of which he went on a spreo
in San Francisco. She swore out a war
rant for his arrest and h* was taken tato
custody. After a week's incarceration sh»
was sorry for what she had done an* too*
him fruit and flowers and attempted to
have the case asalnst him dismissed^
Harnes. however, had become entangled
In the maehlr.ery of the law. and could
not be frerd./ ' ,.
Barnes hnd been in jaiV several weeks
and both District Attorney and Judge had
been Interceded with to dismiss the ac
tion, which neither would take upon
himself to do. Woman's wit. then
stepped in when seemingly thef> was
nothing for Barnes but to go to trial. He
could be liberated 'on bonds and Judge
Ellsworth fixed them at WOO. w,nich Mrs.
Hughes supplied. Once free it was a
short step from the ctiurt to the County
Clerk's office, where a license was se
cured and In less than an hour Mrs.
Hughes had become Mrs. Barnes. The
formal dismissal of the case to-day was
the final act necessary to free Barnes.
ROME, Aug. 13.— Mount Vesuvius Is
again causing Intense alarm in the sur
rounding region, eruptions of the volcano
being very heavy to-day. From a fresh
opening at the base of the principal crater
two' streams of lava are Issuing which
within a few hours to-day covered a wide
tract of ground. *
One stream is going swiftly toward the
village of Ottajano, the direction taken
by the famous ertrption of 1872. Panic
prevails, the population crowding the
churches to pray or gathering in open
spaces for safety.
Reports, however, affirm that so far
there is no reason to fear a serious disas
ter.
As His Wife She Cannot Be
Made to Testify Against
Him.
Request fcr Advanced Rank
Is Denied by the De
• partment.
Couple He Attacks Hold Him
Until Policemen Come
to Aid.
Awakes to Hear of Murder
of Alexander and His
Queen,
Panic Prevails in Villages
That Lie in Path of
Danger.
Collision at East Harbor
< Puts the» Vessel Out of
Commission.-
Antagonistic Ministers May
Be Excluded From New
Council.
North Beach Footpad Is
Landed in Prison
at Last.
Marine Corps Command
er in Trouble Over a
Curt Letter.
Professor Clapp Tells
of Fatal Belgrade
Night.
Eruptions of Vesuvius
Are Unusually j
Heavy.
Great Cracks Are Found
in Massachusetts'
Entire Cabinet Resigns
Because of Personal
Differences.
SERVIAN KING
FACES CRISIS
William Barnes Marries
Woman Who Had
Him Arrested.
VICTIMS CATCH
DARING ROBBER
COLONEL MEADE
TO BE RETIRED
LAVA STREMS
THREATEN TOWNS
SLUMBERS WHILE
ASSASSINS SLAY
SERIOUS DAMAGE
TO BATTLESHIP
WEDDING BLOCKS
THE PROSECUTION
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 14, 1903.
NIAGARA FALLS. N.Y.. Aug., 13.— The
Amalgamated. Brotherhood of -Teamsters, and
Helpers, newly ¦ formed here, and representing
150.000 teamsters ' In the United States, ~tjas
selected Indianapolis as permanent headquart
ers and Cincinnati us It* meeting olnrc for
next ftuniTit 'himH ¦|iBBaagB@asaB39B^i
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND. Aug. 13.-The following
marriage' licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Frank Hudson/ 22
years old, and -Violet Hoffman,. 18., both of
Oakland,: Antone L. Larsen, 21,'and Annie
M. Ericksen, 20. both of Oakland; Cyrus
M. Rogers, 36, Pasadena, and Nellie . B.
Minor. 19, Toulon, 111.
To Decide on Affiliation.
OAKLAND, Aug. 13.— Next Wednesday
evening a referendum vote will be taken
In Carpenters' Union No. 36 to decide
whether or not the union will parade on
Labor day.' At the same time a vote will
be taken on the proposition of affiliating
with the Building Trades Council on con
dition that adequate representation is
granted to the Carpenters'. Union in the
council. '
10
NEW ADVERTISEBEE2TTS.
A POPULAR. LAMENT.
Where WonlcS Society S« if One Was
Judged for the Slni of Others?
"Oh. I tried one of those hair tonica
some time ago and it never did me a bit
of good."
That's what mcfny people are saying to-
day when they refuse Herpicide a trial.
It would be as sensible to say. "I never
travel on a railroad because I often see
collisions mentioned In the papers."
N'ewbro's Herpicide Is specially made to
destroy the germ that Is living on the
roots of your hair.
That Is wh,y It la so exceedingly effica-
cious— It is there for the sole purpose of
ridding the hair of this parasitic growth
after which the hair grows as nature in-
tended.
Sold by leading dro?Srists. Send 10c In
«itamp3 for sample to Ther-Hcrpicido Co
Detroit. Mich.
CASTORI/T
For Infants ar.d Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Signature of C^Oi^X f<!L&£4Zi
FREE DENTISTRY
ARTISTIC VrOjL,JL> xXi,I,ING3
Painlessly inserted for the cost it material.
Teeth cleaned and r-gulated fre*. Natural
Icoktnr artificial teeth mad* to f: th« mojt
difficult cases.
All our work U fuarar.tMd fof 20 year*.
Utingr the pufest gold, our fillings vfill not turn
black or tall out.
Week Days. 9 to 9; Sun<5ay». t> to 1. -
Painless Method*. Extraction Trts.
. *• f Gr»«!uat»9 Only. Oantnic »ee.
POST-OSADUATE D2UTAL COLLEGE
Saa Franci«co — 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland — 973 Was"jin?toa Street.
Saa Joie— 45 East Santa Clsra Street.
Instructions for Framing
"THE;OLD ARMY CHEST,"
XEXT SUNDAY'S
ART SUPPLEMENT:
. Frame in three-inch • plain-
scooped gilt or three-inch Flem-
ish brown and burnished gold.Wine Exports in July. '
The exports of Wine (nun San Francisco by
*.»a during tr>e month cf July xr^re as follows:
To — Cullexis. Cases. Valu*-*.
\-w York 717.840 ... -$237,$13
• Maa :-.... 5.74S 48 2,670
J»l%an 1.3<k.i Cl 703
Manila 4<>0 32 XiJ>
RftSt Indies H1« ... 434
: •1111-h Columbia l.<>34 54 «<3
klexloa • I.Sis 32 ."..2nl
• «r.tr«i| America 4.7V*. 2M 2.Wr.
¦-Inmbla ~.IU) ... 2.2U?<
:>usdor 1.3SO ... 530
: >ru Ill ... &«!
••n«Riian IslkruJs... 36.1(14 123 lO.CCi
Tahiti 5 fWO . . . 1.541.'
Marshall IslAr..J& COS 6 1W
New /.- ;i :.•¦.;.-: uiu ... <ki
Totals 790.2*8 637 *2<3.&14
The *-xi>ort« in July. 1002. were 286.199 gal
.- sr.d CM> case*. va.lu«KJ at $105,292. In that
¦r;h gallons 'and 15 cases, valued at
•>. v l v , (rent to New York.
Oregon Crop Bulletin.
The report of Edward. A. Beats, section 41
• ¦ r. United State* Weather Bureau, for the
-•¦pen crop bulletin for the week ended August
ia at follow*:
Tbt weather during the past week was ex
•:.; tor rij-ening grain and for harvest
ri\ The hay crop hag been secured In fin**
• tv, ar.d th» yields are generally reported I
• »!actory. I'asturfg are turning brown, ar.d !
'— : aa the rang?s is getting short. Stock la]
. r*rr\ continue* in cood condition, but in th^ ]
*:ry *!i»trlct* the supply of n-.l!k is diminish- '
:• s.. <lu«- to the shortage in green feed and be- •
1 use the fli«* have l*come unusually numer-i
[is and troublesome. In jx>rtions of the Wli- j
Valley rraeshorpere are reported thick |
Um I iover fieljK. although so far they nave ,
M but little damage.
Ffc* »h«at fcarvett :s ix-iTig pushed in all see- ;
[ tlM State, ar.d reports from the harvest ;
b fir*- BBU&Buoa a» to the excellent quality |
¦ '.•?-rry. Lut nearly everywhere the yields j
¦• turr.ar.K out Finsllcr than last year. Oats
a 5n# crop, and barley yield* are good,
ns *>&? mart* excellent i<roprrys during th« |
k It is now tasFflinc in the Willamette
<\. cv.4 in f>uthprn s*-'-tion? th» ears are I
¦ lag f&:rly weli. Lice are ur.us=ually nusner- J
- ta th- hoi*, and the plant ;c from a we< k j
:••. da^¦^ backward, which conditions excite |
i- durable apjrehensicti as to the outcome of j
- rop.
Small fruit. Kuch as rasj/bfrrios, currants.
»¦ t- rrioe and hurkl<-b*~rri'*« are tbundfiSL
- iariDf Qm past MS days have fihed to
.Ij-rmlng ertent. and there- is no question
:!.at th« yto'.de will fall rreatly b«»low The
i:.-.«trs made ¦ arlicr in th* season. Apple*.
: . iiBcvra. rotates* doing well, and th»
I will probably be a fairly good cne.
Weather Report.
ItSOtll ".Vrlflian — Pacific Time.)
?AN FttAJCCISOO, Auk. 13 — 5 pi m.
5 2 2" i *0
ii »* m »?a 0*» < a (J
s g-fi sf n p a
ITXOX& lr || I § 1= ?r ¦
: £ c : : a
».«0 f<f> fi2 NW Pt.CIdy .00
¦« n '£*.'*¦ KZ 4s \\ flear .00
r!'i.(!ii t,ii 5* n\v Cloudy .w
r».7< l«xj K2 W '"lear .00
gwutt 29.7D 7* :•( NW I'.aln .14
;'n--e .!"*.<> !>2 «iii VV I't.C'Idy .(X>
- KnsrU+.L^b.iei vs r>«; W CTear " .vo
Hi Tstralpais > » T" «~J N'W Clear .«0
• th H.-ad... •_¦:'.•.«•» r.v r.i n\v dandy .11
tmesis ......2i».M 1<C 7<; W 'dear .00
ratello ?».<s ss rS IV <'l<-»r ."0
• rtlaruj ... .29.44 74 <:<i NW «"ir»r T.
laff 2*.».7; *.<2 «4 fH <l«».Tr. .<O
¦ .re 2».K'i ~s TiS N Clear .«*>
ranseato ...^».7« S'» 61 H Clear .«O
11 Lake 1M.74 *S '"¦* SK Pt.CIdy .<*>
- I- f>bl*po ..2».i'2 7« M W Clear . .00
n r>l««o 2».»-<» 72 64 NT.' Clear .00
- F'ancieco...2H.W 5»< SO V Cloudy .**)
¦¦ ¦ 2^;xi 70 r.<» w Pt.cidy .12
2f«.7fi S2 e.2 S Cloudy .r<n
Hi 20. !U r»»5 S2 BTV Cloudy .00
ftsJU Walla.. 20. 7<J f>1 <2 SW Clear .00
-frr.ucra .^'.72 so TA W Clear .<>0
:.T.a 2l/« M SO SW Cle^r .00
FATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The fiTTsnure has fallen slowly on th<? Pa
y!"I>e. A depression of pome 6>rah over
'••-* the valley of the Colorado and unsmW
-lit Inns ere probable f<jr several dayi In the
-rtry between the Rio Grande and the Col
•»>'lo. Heavy rain has fallen In Northern
'•''jclco. Thund'-rs terms arc reported at El
I ua and Flajrstaflf.
•'i'MJdy weather pi-evalls alonit the coast from
"•• -:rerey Bay to Humboldt Bay.
-p.n Francisco in the coolert city within the
itc of obsserv-atlon.
rorecast made at San Frsnclsco Tcr thirty
r*. eridlnr mifinlght. Auru*t 14:
Nnrtb'-rn California — Cloudy Friday. *arm»r |
ta the interior: llrht southerly wind inlar.J:
're-v, southwesterly winds on the coast with
¦•*
. ; jthrrn CaJifornSa — Cloudy Friday; light
mmnttly wind*.
Nevada — Fair Friday !n northern r*ortlon;
¦ lovijr and cooler In southern portion.
S«r. Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Fridsy;
iFht i^njtherly winds, changing to brisk eouth
wcxtcrly, with ft*.
ALEXANDER G. MeADIE.
District Forecaster.
Daily Crop Bulletin.
For the twenty-four hours ending 5 p. in.,'
!2"th mertfilan time, San Francisco, Aurust
-.3. Y.m:
S K s 2 S <
?^* <-iZ • SL *:=• c c 2.
-;°a a; «r» ,,0,0
.TATIOXS. lip f| 0M}*:
? ? 5-3- : : :
Oolusa 83 SS Clear
Eur*ka tO H2 .01 Cloudy N'W- 6
Kiesno 100 «a Clear W - - 8
Hanford OH ns .... Clear
Hnllister 70 51 Clear
indrpendence • . «2 «« Pt.CIdy W 22
fClnr City K5 41 Clear N Lt
Uvermore 81 So .... Clear
l/os Armeies.... 78 56 .... Clear W 10
Xapa 74 M Clear 8 ..
N'm-mtn 1W> 5«J .... Clear
Palermo fl3 f.l Clear S
rorterville P3 C4 .... Clear NW ..
rttfl Bluff «2 ** Clear SE
Riverside ..... W 65 .... Clear
Sacramento ... *»0 54 .... Clear S
San Diego... J. 72 04 .... Clear NW 10
san Franclsca. M W) .... Cloudy W 2*
Han J we 7fl M .... Clear
fi. L. Obtspo.- 70 54 Clear W Lt
Par.ta j'.OKa.... 73 .V) .... Clear
Ptockton V R3 C2 .... Clear
Willowf- : 00 €1 Clear SE
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITION'S.
CoIusa— Larfle crop rlums, line quality;
penche*. rKX>r <|uallty. crop light.
Willow* — Grain will not be harvested before
September 1. i
HoMUter — Praeh crop lighter than last year,
quality much hetter.
Llvennore — Gfrain yield below expectations.
Palermo— Good weather for dryinc IruIU
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 140 00
10 S F Gas & Electrlo Ct> 66 00
20 S V Water 84 0O
$1000 S V 6s 107 75
Afternoon Session. *
Board —
5 Alaska Packers' Assn 139 00
10 Giant Powder Con. cash 63 BO
20 S V Water 83 50
$1000 3 V 6s 107 50
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil stocks— Bid. Asked.
Caribou Oil Co $5
Four Oil 70
Hanford Oil 133 CO ....
Home Oil 1 65 1 70
Imperial Oil 19 0O
Independence Oil IT IS
Junction Oil 21 ....
Kern Oil 5 25 5 73
Lion OH 04 05
Monte Crlato Oil 85
Monarch OH ' M ' 58
Oil City Petroleum 80 ....
Peerless Oil 13 50
Reed Crude Oil 40 41
San Joaquin Oil 8 75
Sterling Oil 3 00 3 10
Thirty-Three Oil 8 00
Twenty-Eight Oil 8 80
Union Oil , 68 00
United Petroleum IIS 00
West Shore Oil 3 50
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land and Imp 1 25 1 60
Alameda Suarar '.... 2900
American Biscuit 05 00 100 00
i American District Tel ....
Bay Counties Power .... ....
Cal Central Gas & Electric ....
Cal Cotton Mills 85 00
Cal Jockey Club 105 00
Cal Powder
Cal Shipping Co 25 00
Cal Title Ins & Trust 130 0O 110 ©0
Central Bank of Oakland ... 60 00
Chutes Company .... 850
City and County Bank
Cypress Lawn Imp Co .... 8 60
Eastern Dynamite - . ¦ -
Ewa Sugar Plantation ....
Gas Consumers' Assn 22 80
Honolulu Sugar 2000
London and s F Bank (Ltd)
Mercantile Trust .... ....
Northern Cal Power 980
Nevada National Bank
North Shore Railroad 8 00 8 0O
Orpheum Company 15 80
Pacific States Tel & Tel 122 50
Parafflne Paint 33 0O
Postal Device and Imp ....
San Francisco Drydock 47 00 ....
Sausalito Land and Ferry... 16 00
Sperry Flour Company 2750 SO 00
Standard Electric 18 00
Truckee Electric 13 25 16 00
Union Sugar 22 60 ....
United Gas and Electric. 34 50 ....
Western Fish Co ....
SALES.
Morninr Session.
Board —
10O Monte Cristo OU 85
100 Monarch Oil 55
200 Home OH . ." 2 05
250 Home Ol» 2 10
200 Home Oil 2 00
100 Home Oil. b 10 2 00
100 Home Oil 165
450 Home Oil 1 90
/ Street —
ICO Home Oil 2 25
10O Home OU 2 30
100 Homer OU s OO 2 25
300 Home Oil 2 20
Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Home Oil/ 180
2100 Home Oil 165
100O Home Oil. s "0 1 *5
10O Home Oil, b 30 1 «5
1200 Home Oil 1 TO
2iiO Home Oil. b 30 1 70
10O Sterling OU 3 Oft
2iiO Sovereign Oil -37
10 Pacific Coast Borax 165 OU
Street —
200 Home OU 2 00
Mining Stocks.
-¦..-.:.
SAX FRAXCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Belcher 32; 200 Mexican 1 10
200 Challenge ... 33 200 Occidental ... 4*
200 Challenge ... Xi 1M> Ophlr 1 «5
SCO Con Cal A Va.l 30 200 Ophir 1 e.(t
SCO Con N Y 12 20O Sierra Ney... «2
20O Crown Point.. 17! 2<"iO Union Con ... 7»
lOrt Gould & Cur.. 3fi' 2OO Utah ........ .in
30O Mexican 1 20; ICO Utah ........ 2I»
ICO Mexican 1 15:, .
Afternoon Session.
SOO Andea 16! 600 Potosi IX
400 Chollar 15 1 .100 Savage 15
2GO Crown Point.. 15j COO Peg Belcher... 10
400 Exchequer ... C4 400 Sierra Ne7 .. «2
4CO Gould £ Cur. 3.-.J WO Union Con ... 74
r>0O Mexican 1 10i 1OO Yellow Jacket. 60
100 Ophir 1 W> 100 Yellow Jacket 5S
100 Ophir 1 701
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Chal Con S« ' 20O Occidental ... 47
COO Con Cal & Va.J 30 \ 20O Ophir ........1 65
300 Con N Y 121 17 Ophir 1 «O
CJOO Crown Point.. 17 ."OO Sen Belcher. 12Mi
200 Gould A Cur. W 300 Sierra Ner.... 64
200 Mexican 1 15
Afternoon Session.
400 Andes 19 300 Ophir 1 «0
500 Chollar IS 200 Overman .... 23
20O Chollar 16 200 Seg Belcher... V.i
2CO Chollar 17 10O Sierra Ner ... 62
30O Con Cal A Va.1 25! 30O Sierra Ne* ... Vi
20O Con C & Va.1 27 Hi 200 Sierra Nev ... «5
500 Con N Y 121 20O Sierra Ner ... M
SOO Crown Point.. 15 1 4«O Sierra Nev ... 67
400 Crown Point . 1« 200 Sierra Nev ... 69
400 Gould & Cur. 83 300 Union Con .. 75
300 Gould & Cur. 35 SCO Union Con .. •«
200 Mexican ...1 12 M»; 300 Union Con .. 7t>
SOO Mexican 1 15 200 Unjon Con .. SO
300 Mexican ...1 17V,' 200 TTtah ..,"..... 30
SOO Mexican 1 2O| 20O Yellow Jacket. «O
SOO Occidental ... 471
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Tonopah
and San Francisco Mining Exchange yesterday :
Morning Session.
100 Mon Ton ..1 10 /
Afternoon Session.
10O Gipsy Queen 27 2CO Ton N Star. 50
SCO-Mon Ton ..1 12% 20O Ton N Star.. 51
800 Rescue ... 12 20O Ton N Star
800 Ton & Cal.. 37 200 Ton N Star 52
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Aug. 13—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bld.A»k.
Alpha 05 07 Julia 02 W
Alta O4 07 lustlce 12 14
Andes 17 is Kentuck 02 04
Belcher 34 35 Mexican 1 2O 1 25
Rest A B ...1 SO 1 00 Occidental ... 47 4S
Bullion 03 05 Ophir 165 170
Paledcnla ....1 20 1 35 Overman 22 £t
Thai Con ... S2 3:J Potosi I** ]•
Thollar 1« 17 Savage 15 17
Conndenca . .1 CO 1 15 Scorpion 02 04
rc*V ...,15(11 35 :;eg Belcher .. It !•»
Con Imp 03 04 '.Uerra Nev .. 67 6»
Ton N Y .... 12 1» Pilver Hill... 78 SO
Crown P 15 17|Bt Louts IS «
Eureka. Con.. — 45';;yndicat» ... — w
1 Exchequer ... 03 05 Union Con •• «w *-
Bould & C... 3« 37 Utah 2S £»
Hale & Nor.. 45 47 Yellow J ... 60 63
Lady Wash . — 06
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid.Ask.l BM.Ask.
Esperanza ... O4 OS T Belmont ..1 75 —
Gipsy CJueen.. 26 2« T A Calif.... 37 38
Lucky Tom . — 15 Ton A GW.. — 10
MacNama?a . 15 2lJTon of Ney.. -SCO
Montana T.I 10 1 12J4I North , Star ..60 •>!
JJ Y Ton . — OU T Midway .. 43 5t>
Paymaster .. - 25 United T ... \\ V*
Pine Grove .. 60 — Ltopia — 88
Rescue 11 I- 1
French Barque Alice Libeled.
"W. R. Grace & Co. filed a libel In the
United States District Court yesterday
against the French bark Alice to re
cover $28,455 damages alleged to have
been sustained by the wetting of a cargo
of 11,065 barrels of cement on the way
from Antwerp to San Francisco. The
complaint alleged that the damage was
caused by the vessel's leaking and that
the bark was not "tight*, stanch or sea
worthy."
Order of Druids Sued.
Mary Btrd-Bower». wife of Dr. J. Mil
ton Bowers, brought a suit yesterday
against Druid Temple and Olympia Grove,
Ancient Order of Druids, to foreclose two
mortgages. ; one for $3000 and the other
for $2000. on property . on Folsom street,
near Fourteenth.,
Exchange and Bullion.
Silver advanced **c.
Sterling Exchange, sixty day*.. — $4 5vJ>j
Sterling Exchange, sight — ¦ 4 .Srtij
Sterling Kxchane*, cables — 4 {(7U,
New York Exchange, sight .,.. x — ~U,
New York Exchange, telegraphic!" — 10
Silver, uer ounce — ,'>"»' j
Mexican Dollars, nominal — .42.
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were higher.
Chicago advanced l*ic, with a' firm market
and excellent buying. Large Interests were
accumulating Wheat. Conditions In the North
west were unfavorable and tha Northwest
bought heavily. The seaboard was expecting
a better export business.
In this market futures were higher, but the
cash grain showed no change.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 4.1® 1 50: California
White Australian, $1 f>.1<?il »!0; Northern Club,
$1 4S01 60; Northern Blue Stem, .fl 55&1 5«i, 2 ;
Oregon Yalky. $1 02',;.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. • Low. Close.
December ...$1 40% $1 47*4 $1 40% $1 47%
2 p. m, Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 *«% $1 ¦*«% $1 *«% $1 40«i
BARLEY— The market was firmer again,
both for cash grain and futures. The demand
was fair.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 05® 1 07%; Shipping and Brew
ing. $1 12%«1 17% : Chevalier. II iuigi 40 for
fair to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 05% $1 W.i $1 QS% $1 utlU
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 00
OATS — The feature of the market at the mo
ment Is the sharp demand for Black for scad,
which 1b advancing prices rapidly, as will be
seen. Fine clean Red. too, . are wanted for
seed, and both descriptions are selling better
than White, though the latter are steady. The
whole market is In better shape for seller's than
for some time.
White, $1 20@l 30; Black, $1 30<5Jl 45; Red,
!•$! 15@1 20 for common and $1 HS^l 30 for
choice; Gray, nominal.
CORN — Shows no. change of note. Offerings
continue very slender nnd the market rules firm.
California large Yellow, $1 57%@l 02%; small
round do. $1 "0#l 75; White, $1 55; Egyptian,
$1 4561 50 for White and $1 40@l 45 for
Brown.
RYE— $1 17%@1 25 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25@2 50 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 CO®
4 bu usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 50@4 «0;
Oreg'on and Washington, $"J 00@i 20 per bbl
for family and $3 00@4 40 for Bakers.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 50 per 100 lbs; Ry 9
Flour, $3 25; Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour. $7-
Corn Meal, $3 50; extra cream do, $4 25; Oat
Groats. $4 50; Hominy, $4 25@4 50; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 50@4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina. $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour. »3 75; Rolled
Oats. bblS. $7®8 00; In sacks. $6 50@8 10;
Pearl Barley, $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas, $5 60 per 100 lbs. > ; ¦.\:yj\--.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
In spite of continued heavy receipts, dealers
are quoting a fairly steady^ May market at un
changed quotations. AH Feedstuffs remain as
before, except Cocoanut Cake, which is again
on the market. " • m -
BRAN— $24 50<g25 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27630 per ton.
SHORTS— $24@25 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23@24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26®26 60; job
bing. $27(527 DO; Cocoanut Cake, $21®22-
Corn Meal. $33 60#34 50; Cracked Corn. $34<&35-
Mixed Feed. $23@24: Horse Beans, J30 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $11@13 50; Wheat and' Oat
$10«12; Oat. $0@12 60; Barley. $0@ll; Clover.
$8 50011; Stock. $S@«;. Alfalfa, $8@10 60 per
ton. " ".* '
STRAW— 50SC0c per bale. — .
Beans and Seeds. .
Both Beans and Seeds, are dull at unchanged
prices. ¦
BEANS— Bayos, $3@3 60; Pea. $3 23; But
ters. iJ, 25; small White. $2 65®3 10; large
White, $2 65@2 00: Pink, $2 86@3 10; Red.
$2 90@3; Lima, $3 25@3 60: Red Kidneys, nom
inal; Blackoye, $2 65<32 90 per ctl; Horse
Beans, (1 25@1 35.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $1 70@l 80; Canary,
6@5%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape,
1%@2%c; Timothy, 6<36%c;- Hemp. 3t;@3M..c
per lb; Millet, 3@3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $203}
23 per tonr • " • ¦ ¦
DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 8002 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes continued steady under a good local
and shipping demand and although the bulk
of supplies were marketed late, desirable of
ferings were well cleaned up at the close of
business. ' Offerings of Sweets showed better
quality than those previously received and sales
were readily effected at .higher rates. Onions
of desirable size and quality were steady, but
common offerings were dull.
Tomatoes were firm under continued light re
ceipts. The top quotation was obtained only In '
a small way at ;he stores. $1 25 belnz the
highest price paid on the wharf. Green Corn
was In heavy receipt and easier, particularly
crates from Berkeley and Alameda.- Good qual
ity offerings in sacks sold. in preference to the
crated stock, which was generally poor. Gr*sn
Okra was offering freely and prices declined
sharply. The other vegetables were in ample
supply and prices had but slight variation.
POTATOES— New White. 8Oc@S1.35 per ctl
In sacks and $1 2531 75 in boxes, with some
fanc^hlgher; Early Rose, 75c@$l; Garnet
Chiles, $injl 15; Sweet Potatoes, 3@lc per lb.
ONIONS— 70@85c per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. 75c®$l 60 per
Back; crates from Alameda. $lfil 60; from
Berkeley. $1@1 25; Green Peas. "3®3%c per lb;
String Beans, 2©3c per lb; Wax, 2%@3%c;
Lima Beans, 3® 4c per lb; Tomato^, »1©1 60
for large boxes from the river; Summer Squash.
25(?35c per box; Cabbage, 75c@$l per ctl. Car
rots, 75c® $1 per sack; Cucumbers, 40@50c per
box; Garlic. 2@3c per lb; Green, Peppers. 253
40c per box or sack for Chile and 35'jy5Oi for
Bell: Green Okra, 40@50c per box; Egg Plant.
40® 50c per box; Marrowfat Squash, $20 per
ton.
Poultry and Game.
The Poultry market wn overstocked and
easier. The third car of Western for the week
was on sale and the receipts of domestic aggre
gated over 200 coops. Over 700 coods of do
mestic were marketed since Monday and as a
result retailers were well supplied and pri^s
had a general decline. Second-class Hens were
very weak, supplies of that description being
heavy. Game was In light receipt and un
changed .
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, nominal: Geese,
per pair. $1 25@1 50; Goslings, $1 50®l 75;
Ducks. $3@4 per dozen for old and $3 50®4 50
for young; Hens, |4@5; young Roosters, $5 SOtfj
6 50; old Roosters, $4 50@5; Fryers. $3 50@4:
Broilers. $30.1 50 for large and $2@2 50 for
small; Pigeons, $1 5001 75 per dozen for old
and $1 5001 75 for Squabs.
GAME — Rabbits. $1 25@1 75 per dozen; Hare.
$1 50; Wild Doves, 75c per dozen. .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Rather more steadiness Is reported In all
these markets. There is less disposition to
make concessions to work off the goods, stocks
are lighter. Cheese excepted, and teh demand
is rather better, probably owing to the Increas
ing Influx of strangers to attend the G. A. R.
Encampment. Prices, however, remain about
the same.
Receipts were 48,000 lbs Butter. 785 cases
Eggs and 6600 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 24<S25c; dairy. 22%«J
23c: store Butter, 17if?20e: Eastern, 22@23e.
CHEESE— New, 12@12%c; Young America.
14<f?15c; Eastern, 15%@16c; Western, 14<§>
15c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 27%<g2Sc for large white se
lected and laS^'c for good to choice; store. 18
@24c; Eastern. 18@21c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The fruit market continued well supplied,
particularly with second quality Pears. Peaches
and common Apples. No. 1 Bartlett Pears
were still scarce and eagerly sought after and
No. 2 stock sold well to canners and others at
Rood prices. Choice wrapped stock from Marti
nez continued to command full figures and was :
wanted for shipment. Fancy Apples, Plums,
Peaches and choice offerings of Grapes were
also In demand for shipment and desirable lots
readily commanded the top quotations. Com
mon and' Inferior offerings were abundant and
easy. Figs and Nectarines were scarce and .
continued to sell quickly at steady rates. Some
small packnjjeR of FIrs were received from So
noma and 60M at 50Q75C per box. There was
no established price for Apricots, receipts being
very light. .Occasional sales were reported,
however, at $30 per tori; • Melon* were fairly
steady, despite the cool, cloudy weather, there
heirs some Inquiry for shipment north. Sup
plies, however, were ample. Strawberries and
Raspberries were in • light receipt and steady.
The lattet- wern quoted higher. Blackberries
arrived freely and as a considerable portion of
the receipts were poor and eoft, price* ranged
lower.
There was nothing new In Citrus fruits, all
descriptions being in free supply and trade
light. There were no ripe Bananas on the
market, but green stock was plentiful.
STRAWBERRIES — Longworihs, nominal;
other varieties. $:i@5 per chest.
, /RASPBERRIES— fCSS per chest.
HLAl-KBKRRIES— $-' 5093 50 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES — ti*S*e per lb. .. . :
APPLES — S3c(g$l per box tor fnncy. 50®75c
for good to choice and 25iQ>10c for common;
Crabapples, 00<K50c for small boxes and 50^75c
for large.
PEARS— Bartletts. Wc?j$l 15 for wrapped;
large open boxfB. S5ci6$l for No. 1 and o(V360c
for No. 2; to canners, $1503.1 per ton.
FIGS— $l*i'l -.*i for double-layer boxes.
PLUMS — COCtTSe PT crate ami 35S30c per
box; larne open boxes. 40@75c; to canners, $20
<y-."> per ton.
NECTARINES'— 75e<S$l per crate for Red and
BCftCOo per box for White.
APRICOTS— $101 25 for largp open boxes.
PEACHES- r 25'i550c for fmall boxes and 40®
V'Ttc for large;' to canners, 5151/25 per ton; bas
kets from the river, "JO^Oc.
MELONS — Cantaloupes, 75c<5$l for email
crates and $1 'J531 50 for large crates from
Winters and the river: Nutmeg Melons, 35@
fiOc per box or crate; Watermelons. $3@15 per
hundred.
(5 RAPES— Seedless. 40fi(50o per box and 75c
<a$l per crate; Muscat, C5ofi?l per box or crate;
Fontalnblrau, SO05OC per box or crate'; Tokay,
7."c'&$l per box: Hlack, J>0*??K5c per box or crate;
Sweetwater In large open boxes, 75c<?ijl.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 50®
2 50 per box; Seedling;, $l(ftl "5; Valencias,
$1 00@o; St. Michael, $2@3: Mediterranean
Sweets, SI, "oiil .'O; Lemons, 50cJi$2 50: Grape
Fruit. $1^1 "5: M»xlcan Limes. 54^-4 r>O: Ba
nanas, nominal; Pineapples, ?l 50«2 50 per
dozen.
Dried Fruits^utSjRaisinsJIoncy.
SThe market remains a* before, prices for new
Fruit being steadily maintained. The weekly
crop report of the Orccon Weather Bureau says
that Prunes Viurlng Die past ten days have
1 Hhed to an alarming extent and that the yield
will fall considerably below the estimates made
earlier In the season. The report appears in
the flr(?t column.
NEW FRUIT— Apricots, C%®9c for Royals
and OSilOc for Moorparks: Evaporated Apples.
5%@oV"C; Peaches, 4%@7c for fair to good
stock; i'efu-s. nominal at 7c.
OLD KitUIT— Evaporated Apples. 4©5%c:
I sun-dried ".@4c; Nectarines, 46:5c for white;
Plums, i/QVc for pitted and lWlVic for unplt
ted* Fig». 3»©4o for black and 4^5c for white.
PRUNES— 1003 crop, 2%Ci2%c for the four
Ei-e« with ViWIc premium for th<» large sizes.
1V\1SUNS— 1002 crop are quoted as follows:
2-crown loot*? Muscatels. 50-lb boxes. 514c per
lb- 3-crown. !>Sic; 4-crown. (to; Seedless, loose
Muscatels, 5c: Seedless Sultanas. 5c; Seedless
Thompsons. 5Vic; 2-crown London Layers. 20
lb boxes $1 4i> per box: .{-crown, $1 50; 4
crown fancy clusters. 20-lb boxes, $2: 2-crown
Deheeas. 20-Jb boxes. $2 50; 6-crown Imperials,
20-l'o boxes. $:«: Seeded, f. o. b. Fresno, fancy.
Mb carton*. 7%c; choice. 7%c.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 toftshell, 12%(gl3c;
No •» 10»,4<3n%c; No. 1 hardshell, 11%@12c;
i No' 2' 10fiil0%c: new Almonds, lie for Nonpa
reil's 'tO',4c for I X L. lOUc for Ne Plus Ul
tra and 8%c for Languedoc; Peanuts. 5®7c
for Eastern; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, (4 50
£5
HONEY— Comb, new, 12%@l3%c for white
and lie for amber; new water white extracted,
5%«iCc; light amber extracted, 5@5%c; dark.
* BEESWAX-27629C per lb.
Chicago was higher cgaln, but the advance
was not accompanied by any marked 'change in
the situation. Thin market remained as be-
f ° CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12%cper lb for
heavy, 13c for light medium, 15c for light.
15%c for extra light. 17%c for sugar-cured and
lSVio for extra augar-cured; Eastern s<igar
cured Hams. 15%c: California Hams. 15%c;
Mess Beef, $11 50@12 per bbl; extra Meia, $12
fil2 &0: Family. $13 50; prime Mess Pork, $10;
extra clear. $25; Mess, ,$20; Dry Salted Pork.
12%c- Pig Pork. $28; Pigs' Feet. $5 25; Smoked
Beef. 16c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at i%c per lb for
compound and 10@lOVic for pure; half barrels,
pure/ 10%@10%c; 10-lb tins. 10%©llc; 5-lb
tins, ll%c; 8-lb tins. HVic.
.COTTOLENE— One half barrel. OSc; three
half barrels. 9%c; one tierce. 9% c; two tlercea,
9V4c; five tierces. 9%c per lb.
! Hides, Tallozu, Wool and Hops.
Hops continue very strong. A press dlspatcn
of August 13 from Tacoma, Wash., says: "Con
ditions In the hop fields are far enough ad
vanced to enable growers and dealers to make
close estimates on the crop. Old . hops now
bring 20 cents. Contracts for new hops are be
ing made at 20 cents and upward. Good Judges
say If statistics count for. anything prices are
i bound to be higher than at any time since
1882. The crop of the Pacific Coast Is esti
mated at 155,000 bales, against 170,000. last
year." ¦ ¦"•¦¦ ¦ .,-.¦.¦•. ¦•-..•¦
HmrcS-AND SKTfCS — Culls, and brands Ml]
NEW YORK. Aug. 13. — The recuperative
forces in the stock market gathered resources
to-day, with the result of 'a buoyant uprush In
prices on a very animated buying movement.
There was activity during the forenoon of the
market that promised a large day's business
for the year. The market afterward .showed
some signs of weariness at the rate of the
movement. The recovery was the result of a
6eries cf incidents rather than of any one de
velopment. Natural reaction from the recently
prevailing extreme depression was an Important
factor. The mere sentimental effect of the
recovery after the gloom and apprehension that
have prevailed so long In Wall street was con
siderable. Immense relief from the constant
threat of lorced liquidation of bankruptcy,
which it Is not unfair to assume has been hang
lng over some houses, nearly predisposed the
whole financial community to take a more
cheerful view of rro»pects. Where efforts for
a long time past to market securities have
met with tlmofit no demand, there was substi
tuted a lively and urgent demand for stocks ajid
I bonds of all grades to-day. The urgency of
seme of the buying and the violent advances in
prices showed clearly enough that efforts by
•iistressed shorts to cover their contracts be
fore the rebound carried prices beyond their
reach were an Important element in the mar
ket. Bidding up of prices by opposing profes
sionals to force higher prices out of the bears
was another palpable influence. But It was
evident beyond this that there was a large and
substantial buying clement In the market which
' was taking over stocks of all classes with free
dom and confidence. It ts not to be presumed
thnt the buyers have fo suddenly changed their
opinion of the financial and business outlook.
But the conviction has been growing that the
long decline in price* has been more than suf
ficient to offset the unfavorable factors in the
situation and that the necessities of the money
Fltuation have been forcing th» selling of »ecu
ritSf-s below their true value. The event proves
th» contention of those who have maintained
that there was a large waiting demand for
stocks, which would come . into the market
freely when the liquidation seemed to" be con
cluded and prices definitely turned upward.
The taking over of the Seaboard Air Line in
the interest of Rock Island had a stimulating
• ffect upon the speculative imagination. It
furnished proof that not all the large Interests
were hard pressed to hold their undigested sp*
curitifs. and that the financial necessities In
wto quarters rr.izht prove the opportunity in
others for extending- Influence and consolidat
ing control. Rock Island itself, as well as
P<-.iitherr) Railway. Illinois Central and Louis
ville and Nashville, all shared in the day's
strrrrpth. reflecting the Impression that the new
nrrancements tend to community of interest in
the Southern railroad field. A number of stocks
r.' minor railroads, supposedly available for ab
sorption by more powerful nelghbrv. were
KtroriK. The feature of the day was Reading.
Its sensational rise of SNt rave rise to many
rumors retarding new projects. divlBion of con
trol and puarantee of dividends. A very fav<jr
cble thowicg of July net earnings is expected
tat the road, as well as for otner coalers. BaJ
timor* and Ohio's IncreaFe In July net of $:(ll.
<:2r. thu? conserving nearly half the gross In
< rean». \\f\\*-<\ the soft ooal group. But the
r'f«e in price* was so comprehensive as to re
quire no ypecifif-ation. The United States Steel
Ftooks did not share fully In the day's strength,
althnuch they were liruRht on a large ecale.
The conference of members of the Senate Fi
nance Commlttw:' witb the President rave rise
to assumptions rejrardinj? the scope of plans for
flnsnrial legislation, which "were u«">d with ef
fect to further the advancing tendency of
prWr The; buying movement showed some
siEn* of exhaustion at the last and the market
rlwd irr<"Bu!ar and below the best.
p.«-.r.<1 were. KtronK. Total sales, par value.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
th' i B 5t call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
ptock* — Fales. High. Liw. Close.
atchison 75.200 fi0% D8% .19%
Atchlson pfd »W *9 **% 8S%
Halt ft Ohio 31.r.fV> s:{% S2^ 82%
Bait & Ohio pfd...'. 700 87% Sr,"£ S6«i
Canadian Pacific... 7.700 123!i 124%-. 125%,
Central of N J.... .".00 1C1 100 150%
rhesap & Ohio 4.k<»0 82% :;i? 8 S2
Chi & Alton 1.200 22U 21 22
Chi & Alton pfd... 400 62% C2W «52
CW & G Western.. .1.200 17'i 15% 16%
Chi & G W II pfd. 2W 31 20 30%
<~hi & Northwestn. 1.500 162% 1U0 102
'•hi Term & Tran. 100 10% JC?g 10%
<"hl Term & T pfd. KOO 21 20 20%
C C C & St Louis.. 1.300 70% •&% 70
Colo Southern 2.7tiO 15 14 14>i
Colo South 1st pM. 2.300 61% Rl 51%
O>lo South 2d pfd. 2.&00 22 21 21%
Del A Hu.lson l.«00 104 101 162%
I. el La"k & West.. -00 210 243
Denver it Rio O.T. 700 2t',i 83% 24tf
Denver & R G pfd. »00 7C «5% 7."5%
Kri •*V'.W> 23*i 27% 27%
Krie 1st pfd n.WJO 67 <W>\i COi^
Erie I'd pfd 2,300 52 90 5n".i
Great Northern pfd JC5 .
Hocking Vailey ... 800 69 CM fi.8%
Hocking Val pfd... .VX> S2% V 81%
Illinois Central ... 2.500 13:j% 1X0% 132
Iowa Central 40<> 19% U> 18
Iowa Central pfd.. 400 36 35 :J5%
K C Southern 1.300 23 21 22%
K C Southern pfd. 200 .17 .'i0% 30%
Louis & Nash 4.SC0 105% V)V% 10»v4
Manhattan L 0.400 134a t 132% 133%
Metropolitan St Ry 2.9O0 115 113*4 11X%
Minn A St Louis.. 1.100 59% 58 57
Missouri Pacific ... 47.2<j0 94 01% 92%'
Mo Kan &. Texan.. 1,100 10% l«j% 18%
Mo Kan & T pfd.. 1,800 40 39 39^
N R R of Mex pfd 4.300 40% 3S% 40
N Y Central 11.100 123% 121 122
Norfolk & West... 6,400 C2% 02 «2>£
Norfolk A W pfd 86
Ontario & West... 20.400 24% 2i% 23%
Pennsylvania 34..10O 121% 12.1% 123%
Pitts C C & Rt L. 200 C.1 f2% «1%
Reading 256,100 57% Cl% 55%
Reading 1st pfd... 1.100 8Hi 8'J% 81
Reading 2d pfd.... 1.400 C9% CO «9%
Rock Island Co ... 43.100 25% 24% 24%
Rock Island Co pfd 3. COO 6.1% V.2 «2%
St L A 8 F 1st pfd. 100 Gft £8 G8
Et L & 8 F 2d pfd. 900 49 4S 48%
St LouU S W 500 15% 15 34%
St Louis S W pfd.. 1.500 30 2» 2»
St Paul 63,200 142% J.18% 141%
Et Paul pfd 100 171 171 170
Southern Pacific .. 27.100 45% 41% 45
Houthern- Railway. 14.900' 21% 21% 21%
Southern Ry pfd.. 2,100 83 82 83
Texas A Pacific... 4.700 20 24% 25%
Tol St L A West.. 700 22 21 21
Tol St L & W pfd. 600 30 28 29
Union Pacific 68,100 74% 72% 7.1%
Union Pacific pfd.. 1,000 85% 85 85
Wabash 2.300 22% 20% 21
Wabash pfd 9,600 35% 3.1% 34
W & Lake Erie 1.200 17 1?% 16%
Wlscon Central ... 2,100 19% 1S-4 18%
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 1.100 39 3S% 28%
Express Companies —
Adams 221
American 177
United States 100
Wells-Farso 103
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 49,800 44% 42% 44%
Amer Car A Fdry. 1.600 33% 32% 33
Amer C A F pfd.. 700 83 82 83
Amer Linaeed Oil.. 1,500 12% 10 10
Amer Lins Oil pfd 32%
Amer Locomotive.. 2,100 19 18 18%
Amer Loco pfd.... 1.900 85 S2% h.4U
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Stockton — Grain shipments very badly re
tarded on account of congestion of cars.
Napa— Reported new vine disease not la this
valley.
Hanford — Wheat being harvested In highest
grade; Iarte yield of honey.
Santa Rosa — Pre\ - alllng mild weather benefi
cial to all fruits.
A. G. McADIE. Section Director.
about l%c under Quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light. 8c; Cow
Hides, 8c for • heavy and 8o for- light;
Stags, 6c; Salted Kip. 9o; Salted Veal. t)%c;
Baited Calf. 10c; dry Hides. 16c; dry Kip, 33c;
dry Calf, 18c; Sheepskin*, shearlings, 23®80o
each; short wool, 40@60c each; medium. 700'
90c; long wool. $1@1 50 each; Horse Hides, salt.
$2 75 for largo and $2 25@2 50 for medium. $2
for small and 60c for Colts: Horss Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. ?igi 23
for small and 60c for. Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican, 32%c; dry salted Mexican. 28c; dry
Central American. 32%c Goat Skins — Prime
Angoras. 75c; larga and smooth. 60c; medium.
85c; small. 20c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%tM%c per lb;
No. 2. 4®4%c; grease, 2%@3c.
WOOL — Fall clip— San Joaquln Lambs'. 0Q
12c; Foothill, 10@12c; Middle County, 11® 13c.
Quotations for spring clip are as follows: Hnm
boldt and Mendoclno, 18®20c; Nevada. 13$15c;
Valley Oregon, fine. 18®10c; do. medium, 17©
18c; do. coarse, 16@17c per lb.
HOPS— 16%©19c to growers and lS@20c from
dealers to brewers.
Meat Market.
There Is no further change In quotations and
the situation remains as before. ¦
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are a* follows
BEEF— 6@7%c for Steers and 5@6%c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7©8c; small, 9®0%c per lb.
MUTTON— W«thers. S@9c; Ewes. 8®8%c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. 9U@10c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 8%®9V4c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET. ¦'¦/
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 00
per cent shrinkage for Cattle: .
CATTLE — Steers. 8g"9c; Cows and Heifers,
768c; thin Cows. 4@5o per lb.
CALVES — 4®5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 4c; Ewes. 3%©3%c per lb
(groos weight).
LAMBS— Spring. $2 75@3 per head.
• HOGS— Live Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs. «%e;
under 140 lbs. 6%&6c; Sows. 20 per cent off;
Boars, 50 per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags, 5@5%c; San Quentln,
6.65c; Wool Bags 32@35e; Fleece Twine, 7%©
Sc; Cotton Fruit Bags, 6V4c, 6%c and 7%c for
the three (Trades.
COAL — Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton; $!>; Seattle. $0 50; Bryant. $6 50; Beaver
Hill. *5 50; Stanford. $7; Ro3lyn. $7; Coos Bay.
$5 50; Greta. 7; Wallsend. $7; Richmond. $7 50;
Cumberland, $13 In bulk and $14 25 In sacks;
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $8 60 per ton; Coke. $11 50@13
per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50
per ton, according to brand.
OIL — Linseed, 44c for boiled and 42c for raw
In barrels; cases, 5c more; Castor OH. in cases.
No. 1. 70c; Bakers' AA. $1 1O@1 12: LucoI. 41c
for boiled and 39c for raw In barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter - strained, barrels, 90c; cases. 95c;
China Nut, 57%@62c per gallon; pure Neats
foot. In barrels, 75c; cases, 80c; Sperm, pure.
70c; Whale Oil. natural white. 60@35c per gal
lon; Fish Oil. In barrels, 45c; cases. 60c;. Co
coanut Oil. in barrels. 58c for Ceyion and 55c
for Australian.
COAL OIL — Water White Co«l OH In bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil In cases, 20%c; Astral. 20%c:
Star. 20%c: Extra Star. 24%c; Elaine. 26%c;
Eocene. 23%c; deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk 17c; in cases. 23%c; Benzine. In bulk.
13c; In cases, 19%c; Stf-degree Gasoline, In
bulk. 21c; In cases. 27%c.
TURPENTINE — Is 3c higher at 76c per gal
lon In casea and 70c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead. 6@
6%c per lb; White Lead, 6<36%c. according to
quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as fellows, per lb In 100-Ib bags:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.73c;
Powdered. 5.60c; Candy Granulated. 5.60c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.50e: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.50c; Fruit Granulated, 5.60c; Beet Granulat
ed (100-lb bags only). '5.40c: Confectioners* A,
5.50c: Magnolia A, 5.10c: Extra C. 5c: Golden
C, 4.90c: "D," 4.80c; barrels. 10c more; hal"
barrels, 20c more; boxes. 50c more: 50-lb bags.
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half-barrels.
6c- boxes. 6.25c per lb. No orders taken for
less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent.
CANNED FRUITS— The market la In excel
lent shape for sellers, beins active and firm.
The demand this year Is said to be the heavi
est In the history of the Canners' Association.
There Is a large shortage in Apricots, and the
prices have been advanced. The export de
mand for Apricots and Peers for England is
larger, and the latter are In heavy demand for
domestic use. The domestic demand for
Pearhes Is extensive, owing to- the shortage in
Michigan. Maryland and New York.
Receipts of Produce.
KOR THURSDAY. AUGUST -13.
Hour, qr »ks... 35,1.10 Hay, tons SKI
Wheat ctts 12.5S5 ?traw. tons 17
Barley" etls .... 9.500 Wool, bales 125
Data, otls 2 "90 Wine, pal* 25.250
Torn ctis 1!V>. Tallow, ctls .... 2T>
Hearts, .sks _ A ,. 1M: Pelts. No. ..,..„ «tt
'Potatoes «ks .. 2.2l5!Hl.lrsC No 1.027
Onions sks 223 Quicksilver flks. 270
Bran «ks 1.510 'Leather, rolls .. .¥58
Middlings, sks . 4G5LJme. bbls 86O
OREGON.
Flour qr sks .. 9.700j.Mlddllngs. sks . . 415
Oata ctls •- 45rt, Hhorts. «ks 1,250
Bran ?ks 3,3001 Feed.' sks COO
STOCK MARKET.
Alaska Packers continued to decline on the
morning session, selling down to $140. Other
changes In local securities were Insignificant.
Th« market was very dull.
¦ In the afternoon there was a further decline
in Alaska Packers to $13». Business continued
flat.
On th«> Oil .Exchange, Home OH continued
to nrll off In the morning, running from $2 30
down to $1 UO. The other oil stocks were dull.
In th»> afternoon there was quite a stampede
in Home, the stock dropping to $1 60, nnd
closing weak and shaky.
. Four Oil Company has declared a dividend of
I cent per share, amounting to $3000, payable
August 15.
On Wednesday street Mies were reported of
about twenty shares of Bank of California at
35.J5. while the "RlRhts" eold at $151 50. and
were later offered at $1CO.
The California Powder Company will pay a
regular monthly dividend of ?1 per share Aug
ust 20.
The Orovlll? Water Company has levied an
assessment of ?l per share, delinquent
August 27.
The Chollar Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 10 cents per share.
The tctal sales at the San Francisco and To
nopali Mlninsr Exchange for the week ending
Wednesday- were 74,124 shares, valued at $16,-
Stock and Bond Exchange.
THURSDAY. Aug. 13—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
; ; ;-¦, Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup... 109 110 4s qr c (new)134 1.15
4s qr reg 108 110 3s qr coup.. — 107*4
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — 1 Do 6a — _
Bay CPC 59.103 106 Do con 6«. — 105
c: C O & E5s — 107%|O W C k 5s. — —
Cal G & E g • jOceanlc S 5s. — —
& ct 5s. — 100 Om C R 6s. — —
Cal-st C 5s. +- — Pac G Imp4s — 10O
C C Wat 5a. — — P E Ry 5s.. 106 107
Ed L & P 6s — — P & C R 68. — —
F Cl n (i.. — — Powell-st 6s. — —
Geary-it 5s.. — — IS E G&R 5s. — 104
II C & S 5%3 — — SF & SJV Cs — 120%
H C & S 5s.. 96%10O S R of C 6s. — —
Hon R T 6s. — 107% S P of A 6s
L A Elec 5s. — — (1!K!9) 107%10S%
L A Ry 5s.. — — (1010) — —
Do-tftd ««: — — . S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5». — — (1005)Sr A. — —
LAP lem 5s. — — (lIW)5)Sr B. — —
Mkt-st C «s. — — (10C«) — —
Do lem 5s. 117% — (1912) — —
N R Of C Cs.loeViU^V, H P C leg 5s. — — V
NRC(of C)5s. — 120 Do stmpd.107%108
NPC RR f.s. — — R P B R 0s. — —
N C Ry 5s. 100 115 S V Wat Cs.107% —
N C P 5s... — 102 , Do 4s 2dm. ».S%100
N S R 5s... — r*- Do 4s 3dm. 09%10O
O G L H 5«. — — Stkn GAE 6s — —
O T Cs — — U O & E 5s. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 60 {Port Costa'. . — —
Marln Co ... — — (Spring Val.. 83% S4
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 4>-i 4% Rac E G & R — —
Eqult Gas ..5 5% S F G & E. 65 66
Mutual E L. 11% 1.1 S F Gas ... — 3U
Pac G Imp. 5A% 5.1% Stkn G A E. —
Pac L Co... 55% — U O & E ... — —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATE?.
8 F O & E. 64 65%
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — —
BANK STOCKS.
Am Natl Bk.120 150 Lon P A A _
I nglo-Cal ... — — Merch Trust —
Bank of Cal.025 560 Merch Ex .. — —
CSD&T.— — BF Natlonl. —
First Natinl -*- .. — *
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L . . — — "Sav & L So. 96 —
Hum S & L. — — Kec Sav Bk.400 5C0
Mutual Sav. — — .Union T Co.
8 F Sav Un — — I.
STREET RAILROADS.
California :.. — — (Presidio .... — __
Geary — . — I
POWDER..
Dlant ., 68 63%/Vlgorlt 6 BU
! ' SUGAR. V
Hana P%>. . 1 2% JKllaUea S" C. — 6%
Hawaiian C. 42% 45 Makawell C. — 24
Honokaa S C 12 1.1 Onomea 8C. 3
Hutch SPC 12% 13 IPaauhua S C — 15
. MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Packl37%139% Oceanic S Co — —
Tal Fruit As. — . 00% Pac A F A".. — .—
Cal Wine As »5 06% Pac C Borx. — — ;
.. • Mornlns Session. '¦.' - .V
, Board—
10 Alaska Parkers' Assn 14100
Amer Smelt A Ref. 8.100 44% 44 44*4
Amer 6 A R pfd... 900 91% 90 IH»' 3
Amer Sugar Ref.. 8.200 116 114 114%
Anaconda Min Co. 1.800 76 73 74
Brooklyn Rap Tran 600 44% 43% 43%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 200 46 45 46
Col A Hock- Coal.. 200 14 14 13%
Consolidated Gas... 3,900 179 175 177
General Electric .. 1,200 1B3 169 160
International Paper 300 li% 11% 11%
InterntI Paper pfd 65
International Pump 35
Internatl Pump pfd 74
National Biscuit .. 900 37% 36% 36%
National Lead 100 15% 15 IB
North American .. 1,900 ,77% 77 77%
Pacific Mall 1.600 22 20% 20
People's Gas 4.C00 95%* 94% 94%
Pressed Steel Car.. 2,700 41 89 40
Pressed S Car pfd. 200 82 81 80
Pullman Pal Car.. 100 211 211 212
Republic Steel ... 1.600 | 12% 12 12
Republic Steel pfd 2.600 67 66 66%
Rubber Goods 2,000 15% 14% 14%
Rubber Goods pfd. 100 70% 70% 66
Tenn Coal & Iron. 3,200 40 39 40
U S Leather 3.400 8% 7% 7%
U S Leather pfd.. 2.100 79% 77% 79
U E Rubber 100 11% 11% 11%
U S Rubber pfd.. 700 37% 34 87 k
U S Steel 49,700 23% 23 23%
U 6 Steel pfd 32.100 71% 71 71
Western Union 400 83 82% 83
Total shares sold. 1, 130.700
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, Aug. 13.— United Railroads of
San Francisco bond transactions, 10,000 at
$75 87%.
NEW YORK CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg...l06% L & N Uni 4s 08%
U S ref 2s coup. .106% Mex Central 4s... 70
V 8 3s n?g 106-i Mex C 1st lnc 16%
U 8 3s coup lOCy. Minn A St L Si.'. 97%
U S new 4s reg. .131 Mo, K & T 4s 90%
U 8 new 4b coup. 134 Mo, K & T 2ds... 76%
U 8 old 4s reg...lOi) NYC gen <J%s.. 95%
U S old 4s coup..l0U N J C jren 0s 126%
U S 5s reg 101'J Nor Pacific 4s...l00Vi
U 8 6s coup 101% Nor Pacific 3s... 70%
Atchison gen 4s ..99%IN'or & W con 4s. 97*,
Atchlson adjt 4s.. 87 j Reading gen 4s... 04%
Bait & Ohio 4s..lOOV; S L & I M con 5s.lll
B & O 3^s 92% S L & S F 4s 34'4
B & O conv 4s... 100% S L Sowe3tn lsts. 92%
Canada So 2ds...lO0 S L Sowestn 2ds.. 70
Cent of Ga 5s 103% 8 A A A P 4«... .75
Cent Ga let inc. 74 Bo Pacific' 4s 85
dies A O 4%s...lO2 : Ji So Railway 5s 112%
Chgo & Alt 3Vis. 71 Tex & Pac l«ts...H4
C. B & Q new 4s. 83% T. Rt L & W 4s.. 70%
C, M & S Pgen4s.l0b' / , Union Pacific 4s. 'JOTi
C & NW con 7s.. 129 U P conv 4s 93%
C. R I & P 4*... 100 Wabash lsts ....114
C.C.C&S L gen4s. 95 Wabash 2ds 103
Chtro Term 4s 72% Wabash deb B... 6D
Colo & So 4s 85 West Shore 4s... 1071;
Den & R G 4s... 97«4 W A L E 4* 87%
Erte prior ilen 4s. 06% Wl« Cent 4a 87%
Erie general 4s.. 82 Con Tobacco 4s.. 56%
F W & D C lsts. 103% C F & 1 78
Hocking Val 4%s.lO4:i Rock Island 74%
Manhattan 100£ Pennsylvania .... OS'.i
I Bteel 78> 4
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 Little Chief 00
Alice 17 Ontario 7 00
Breece 15 Ophir 145
Brunswick Con 03'Fhoenlx OS
Comstock Tunnel.. 05% PotOBl 15
Col Cal & Va 1 60. Savage 22
Horn Silver 1 00; Sierra Nevada 65
Iron Silver 1 "0, Small Hopes 20
Leadville Con 02, Standard 2 75
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— |U S Steel pfd... 71
Call loans 4 @4% Mining —
| Time loans ....4%@6 Adventure 5%
; Bonds — ¦ AUouez 5%
Atchison 4s 97% Amalgamated 44
Mex Cent 4s 70 Bingham 22
Railroads— calumet & Hecla.430
Atchison 69% Centennial lC^i
j Atchlson pfd RS%! Copper Range ... 45%
i Boston A Albany. 245 j Dominion Coal ... 84
j Boston *- Maine.. 1(56 :Franklln 8%
i Boston Elevated.. 137 i Isle Royale 7}i
I 1ST Y. N H & H . . . 106 j Mohawk 8S
! Fitchburg pfd 133 Old Dominion .... 12
j Union Pacific 7:u;iOsceola 53
i Mexican Central.. 14%'Parrot l!«'i
Miscellaneous — :Qulncy 8
I American Sugar. .114»£;Santa Fe Copper.. 1%
i Am Sugar pfd 11" .Tamarack S!>
I Am Tel 4: Tel 1.10%;Trlmountaln 78
¦ Dora Iron A Steel. P%lTrlnity 5Vi
i General Electric. .160 I I'nlted States l>Vt
I Mass Electric 22 Utah 25%
Mass Elec pfd... SO Victoria 3%
United Fruit 05 Winona 7%
U S Steel 23%' Wolverine 65
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for money. »0 13-16 N Y Central 12oVi
Cons for acct. .90 15-16, Norf & Western., U4%
Anaconda 3%:N & W pfd ex-dlv S9%
Atchison Cl '-. j Ontario & West.. 23%
Atehipon pfd OtH Pennsylvania ....-64
B & O ex-dlv . 83% Hand Mines 10'i
i Canadian Pacific. 12S*, Reading 28
Ches & Ohio 32V Reading l*t pfd.. 42
Chi Gt Western. 1«H Reading 2d pfd.. o5
C M & St P 143% Southern Ry 2'-'%
De Beers 19%! Southern Ry pfd. s,*.
Den & Rio Grande 24^; 'Southern Pacific. 4't'i
D & R G pfd 78%' Union Pacific ... 75 7 m
Kile 2SU,; Union Pac pfd... 89
Erie let rfd «'.8%IU S Steel 24%
I Erie 2d pfd 51 \V S Steel pfd TTi-i
Illinois Central ..l.'l.i i Wabash 22
Louis & Nash 107';: Wabash pfd 36
M. K & T 1!>V
Bar silver, firm. 25%d per ounce. Money,
2%@3 per cent. The rat^ of discount In the
open market for short bill? ts 2%@2% per
cent, and for three months bills 2?ig2" g rer
cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Aug. 13.— FLOUR— Receipts.
23,148 barrels; exports, 6205 barrels; market
stronger and higher; winter patents, $3 Wit
4 30; winter straights, $3 65©3 90; Minnesota
patents. $4 G0<g4 feo; winter extras, $2 90®
$3 25; Minnesota, bakers', $3 O."»y3 U0; winter
low Bradcs. ?2 70©3 05.
WHEAT — Receipts, 52.556 bushels; exports,
69,612 bushels; spot, firm; No. 2 red, 85%c el
evator; No. 2 red. 87%c f. o. b. artoat; No. 1
Northern Duluth. 05%c f. o. b. afloat. It was
a bull day In wheat. Stimulated by export
buying, higher cables, a strong advance at
Minneapolis and evidences of Wall street sup
port, prices touched the highest point of the
year. The close showed l^il'.^c net advance.
May. 877i<fjS*>3C, closed S8'£c: September.
K> 13-16&88%C closed btf^c; December, b'i%<3>
87V>c. closed 87c.
HOPB— Steady.
WOOL— Firm.
HIDES— Quiet.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
SUGAR — Raw, steady; fair refining, 3 3-I6c:
refined, steady.
COFFEE — Spot, quiet. Futures closed quiet
net unchanged to 5 points lower. September,
3.75c; December, 4.30c; March, 4.55c; July,
4.S0C.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market con
tinues quiet, but there Is little selling pressure
I and prices are about steady; common are quot-
I ed at 4^5>4c; prime at 5%Ti6c; choice at Oil©
O»4c. and "fancy at <5};@7%c.
i PRUNES — Are steady to firm, with' coast ad
vices indicating firmness among holders gen
erally, though some business has been report
ed In futures on the four-Blzt? basis at a shade
below 3c. Spot quotations range from 3c to
7c for all trades.
APRICOTS— Are firm on fa fair Jobbing de-
I mand at prices ranging from 8o to 8%c lor
choice to Keg- 12c for fancy.
i PEACHES — Are quiet: choice are quoted at
7@7%c and fancy at 8@10%c. . ;: • ._, ¦..
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Aug. 13.— Tin was unchanged
in London at £128 5s, while futures were 5s
higher at £123 2s Gd. Locally tin wa* steady
at *2« 45^28 55.
Copper was Irregular in London, spot there
closing at 2s" 5d lower at £5S 2a Cd. while fu
tures were 2s 6d higher at £56 7s Cd. Locally
copper was quiet and nominally unchanged.
Lake is quoted at 13@13%c, electrolytic *13 and
Lead was Is 3d higher In London at £11 2s
6d but unchanged here at $4 20.
Spelter is quiet in London at £20 5s and In
New York at $5 87%(S«.
Iron closed at 5ls 7d In Glasgow nnd at 46s
Od In Mlddleshoro. Locally Iron was quiet.
No 1 foundry. Northern, is quoted at $17 f.Otfp
IS:" No. 2 foundry. Northern, at $16 50@17; No.
1 foundry Southern, and No. 1 foundry. South
ern, soft, at ?10 75@17.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 13. — The cotton market
closed steady net unchanged to io points lower.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Aup. 13.— There was a big trade
In wheat throughout the entire session to-day
and the firm feeling which prevailed from -the
start became decidedly strong toward the close,
the final figures being at about the best prices
of the day. The opening was firm on strong
European cables and a continued light move
ment. September being %c to %@V4c higher
at W)%©80Kc to 80%c. During the early part
of the session liquidation on all advances was
In order, although the sentiment in general was
bullish. «nd this selling had a tendency to
check the upward trend of prices. After sell
ing off to 80 He September began to advance
gradually, and toward the latter part of the
ne«iion the market turned extremely strong on
good advances In the Northwest markets due
to an advance in the price of flour in Minne
apolis. Coupled with the stronger outside mar
ket* was a better export demand at the sea
board, both of which Influences started shorts
covering, resulting in a strong close. After
selling up to 82c September closed l%«l*4o
h!*h*r at 81 %C . „¦ . ™ W 3"
Tn»»- ftMBlnf In mm ¦*•• firm. «« ¦ ironri
Wall street stocks srjcral points higlier again.
Business on the local stock exchanges still quiet.
Sik'cr several fractions higher. Exchange rates undisturbed.
Wheat and Barley futures higher again. 0
Cood demand for Seed Oats at rising prices.
Corn still scarce and firm. Rye very steady.
Hay steady in spite of liberal receipts.
Bran, Middlings and other Feedstuff s steady.
Beans and Seeds quoted very quiet. '
Rather more steadiness in Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Situation in Provisions about as before stated.
Meat market amply supplied at previous prices.
Active demand for Canned Fruit at firm quotations.
Hops firm and advancing up north.
Poultry market overstocked and easier.
Potatoes steady zrith a good local and shipping demand.
Not much change in Onions and Vegetables. \
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits in free supply.
Turpentine marked up 3c per gallon.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; FRIDAY, AUGUST 14, 1903.
scattered demand due to higher cables and to
the bull sentiment of yesterday, but the weather
In the West was reported more - favorable • for
the growing crop, and the early. firmness, was
soon dissipated by selling by several commis
sion houses. •September closed a shade higher;
Oats moved In sympathy with the leading
grains, although the market had some Inde
pendent firmness based on reports of disap
pointment In 1 threshing returns and light re
ceipts. • The .close was firm, September being
up V 4 @%c at 33%®33%c. ¦
Provisions held fairly steady. In spite of a
dull trade and liberal receipts of hogs, with a
decline of 6@10c In prices at the yards. Pack
ers sold pork and there was some loss shown
in that product. The poor demand for cash and
increasing stocks of lard, according to private
estimates, was a bear factor. September pork
closed 2%c lower. Lard was higher and ribs
were up 2^4c. , '¦ ,,
The leading futures ranged aa follows:
Articles^ Open. High. Low. Close.
Sept., e old'.?'...T 80% 82 %0\l, 82
Sept.. new .... 80% 82 80V4 81%
Dec., new .... 81% 82% 81 82V4
May 83% 84% 83% 84%
September' .777. 63% B3% M% 63
December 63 Vi " 53% 63 53%
May 63% 53% 53% 63%
Oats No. 2 —
September 34% 35 U 34% 35%
December 30% 30% 36% 36%
May .38% 38%. 38«4 . 38%
Mess pork, per barrel —
September 13 10 13 25 13 10 13 25
May 13 25 13 30 13 25 13 25
Septe r m'ber er 00 8 07% 7 07% 8 05
October 7 05 7 72% 7 65 7 72%
Short ribs, per 100 pounds*—
September 7 77% 7 85 7 77% 7 85
October 7 70 7 SO 7 70 7 80
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady. No. 2 spring wheat, 82@S3c; No. 3,
78<ffS2c; No. 2 red, 79%®81%c; No. 2 corn.
63c; No. 2 yellow, 54c; No. 2 oats, 34%c; No.
2 white, 36%c; No. 3 white, ,35%@3C%c; No.
2 rye 52@52Vic; fair to choice malting,
47@53c; No. 1 flax seed, 96 %c; No. 1 North
western. $1 02%; prime timothy seed, $3 40;
mess pork, per bbl. $13 10@13 15; lard, per
100 lbs. $7 75<g7 80; short ribs sides (loose).
$7 60<g7 76; dry salted shoulders (boxed).
$7 60@7 62%; short clear sides (boxed),
$8 12%@8 25; whisky, basis of high wines,
$1 29; clover, contract grade. $12@12 60.
Articles—^ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 23.400 10,400
"Wheat, bushels 106,100 21.000
Com, bushels 113.200 12S.40O
Oats, bushels 258.100 125,500
Rye. bushels 13.900
Barley, bushels 13.200
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; Creams. 14@10c; dairy, 13®
17c. Eggs, firm, 12@15c. Cheese, steady to firm,
10H@li9ic
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Oct. Dec.
Opening 6 5% 6 4% 6 5%
Closing 6 5% 6 5 * 6 6%
PARIS.
Wheat — , Aug. Nov.-Feb.
Opening 22 15 . 21 60
Closing 22 05 21 45
Flour — •
Opening 30 30 28 55
Closing 30 10 28 45
. Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Aug. 13.— CATTLE— Receipts,
6500; steady. Good to prime steers. $5 10®5 60;
poor to medium," $3 75@4 90: siockers and feed
ers $2 50^4 20; cows. $1 f>0@4 60; heifers, 12
@4 75; eanners. ?1 . r >0<@2 80; bulls, $2^4 23;
calves, $2 60<g6 85; Texas fed steers, $1 25®
4 75; Western steers. $3 60@4 C5.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, .'12,000; to-morrow,
18.000; slow. Mixed and butchers." $5*85 60;
pood to choice heavy. ?5 25(§T5 45; rough heavy,
?4 90@5 20; light, |5 25@5 65; bulk of sales,
$5 15(^5 40. fl
SHEEP — Receipts. 14.000; sheep, steady;
lambs, steady. Good to choice wethers. $3 25®
3 75: fair to choice mixed, $2 50@:< 25; West
ern sheep, $2 73(0:3 75; native lambs. $3 25<S6;
Western lambs, ?4 50^'5 50.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 1.1.— WOOL-r-Quiet. Me
dium grades, ccmbing and clothing. 10^(21 %c;
light line, 16918c; heavy tine, 12@15c; tub
washed, "O^O^c?
Northern Business. \
SEATTLK. Aug. 13. — Clearings, $581,000;
balances. $»s>S4.
TACOMA. Aug. 13. — Clearings, J27S.720: bal
ances. $42,:i90.
PORTLAND, Aug. 13.— Clearings, $552,458;
balanms, *«2. 118.
Sl'OKANK, Aug. 13.— Clearings. ?31S,0&0;
balances, J22.1C8.
Northern Wheat Market. "
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Aug. 1."..— Wheat— Walla Wal
la, 77079c; blu* stem. 50® 82c: valley, SOc.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Aug. 13.— Wheat, steady; blue
stem, 82c; club, 7Sc.
LOCAL MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
fe fe
Auction Sale 120 Horses
August 17, at 11 a. m., at
J. B. HORAN'S ST9CKYARD,
Cor. 10th and Bryant Sts.
By order of G. H. MEISS of Maatacne. Cat.
I will sell at public auction 120 broken and
unbroken horses; also a carload of fin* year-
ling and two-year-old colts.
S. WATKIX3. Auctioneer.THE SAN FKAKU1SCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 14, 1903.
12
HELP WA5TED— MALE— Con.
picket and box bolt makers; tools and pro-
BIG 0I L * MURRAY & READY.
TRUSTS. 634-636 Clay at.
NEW RAILROAD WORK.
155 Italians. FREE FARE.
153 Greeks. FREE FARK-
155 Austrtans. FREE FARE.
Board yourselves; managers at our ofnee;
see them. g
MURRAY & READY. 634-65o\Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ETC.
37 cooks, all over California. $00. $S0. $75.
$60. $50. $40. $35 and found, for hotels,
mines, sawmills, campa. ranches, cafes, res-
taurants, saloons, harvest outfits, etc. ; crisp
maker. $10; norter. city store. $40: second
cook. mine. 310; also waiter. $30; steward.
$50 and fcund.
18 waiters. £;5. $10. $;-0 and found.
30 pot and dish washers. $U5. $::0. $20 and fd.
18 bell and elevator boys, porters, bedmak-
ers. $30 to $15 and found.
6 butchers. $40. $30. $60. $30 and found.
12 laundrymen. all classes. SIS week up.
6 bakers' helpers. $55. $40. $00 and found.
12 boys, le^rn trades.
We publish a free bulletin of labor dally,
containing 10.000 positions: get one.
MURRAY & READY.
KU-630 Cla st.
/ HOrSES TO LET. •
A— PRINTED list of houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 11 Montgomery.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOW ELL, 25 Post st.
,, HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
$575 — 6 ROOMS and bath, furnished complete;
sun all day: rent $37 50. 200 Hyde, cor. Turk.
-OPTS TO LET.
LOFT to lease — 656 Mission St.. NW. corner
of Annie; light loft of 4000 square feet: pas-
senger and freight elevator service; will lease
for a term; rent reasonable. SHAINWALD
BUCKBEE & CO.. 21S-22O Montgomery st..
Mills building.
LOST AND FOl'XD.
LOST— Tues. night Lurllne baths, ring; keep-
sake: eng. W. G. G. to V. L. W.. 3. 10-«C.
Return 2o!i Langton st. ; rew. more than val.
LOST— A white English setter pup. 8 month*
old. 'Finder kindly return to 11T9 Mirk«?t
st. and receive a. reward.
$20 REWARD— Return long roll embroidery,
loot last week, to 215'j Mason «st.
LOST — Wed. evng.. black cocker spaniel; lib.
rewd. 'Return to Clack's. Market and Gougn.
LOST— In Mission, white spits do? named
Dewey. Return to S823 Army; reward.
LOST — Fox terrier pup; answers to name of
Billy. Return to 976 Valencia: reward.
LOST — A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the>
name of LOUIS COTTON. No. 274-1415. Th»
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernta Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In th*
name cf JANE STANFORD JONES. No. 269-
1C20. The finder will please return to bar.k.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in ths
name of JOHN KELLY. No. 171-251. Th»
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Diamond shlrtstud, valued a* keepsake.
Return to offlce Royal House: reward.
FOUND — A bicycle, which owner can have hy
proving property and paying charges. WAL-
TER S. PIERCE. 631 Fourteenth St.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Callforr si*
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold «nd sliver to make new watch case*.
MEDICAL.
A — Mrs. Dr. Sweet takes ladies before and dur-
ing confinement: infants adopted: $15: $3
rooms & board ; — r, years' experience. 2&2 , th.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all femal*
. complaints; instant relief guaranteed: U0
years' experience. 72S Post St.. near Jones.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In troubie consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped: the most difficult cases treat-
ed: advlcj free. Offlce. 101 S Market st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities: instant re-
lief guaranteed. lCCS^i Market st.. opp. 6th.
MRS. D. ALLEN. Ill* Market— Reliable ladies-
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
A maternity villa: private: secluded; confiden-
tial. Dr. E. Funke. 1416 Eighth st.. Alameda.
Drs Goodwin. 73.1 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female comp. ;25 yrs. experience.
DR. and MRP. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR ROSEN, moved to 2095 Folsom St.. cor.
26th: relief $10; ladies' exclusive offlce.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 31» Powell St.. opposits
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
.MUSICAL, INSTRUMENTS.
AMONG OUR BARGAINS ARE:
3 Chickerinjrs $150. $135. $235
1 Filsher; upright $<«
1 Jewett: mahogany; new $lSu
1 Schafter; mahogany; new S1S5
2 Emerson $IS5. $215
. 2 Steinway >1S5. $213
3 Heine $233 to S-!V.
25 squares $1* to $17<>
7 organs $10 to $75
Rents $2 up allowed on purchase; install-
ments $4 up; piano players from $30 up:
new pianos from $117 up. HEINE PIANO
CO.. 2U5-2J7 Geary st.. agents for the Gab-
ler. Krell. Steeer. etc.
A SMALL walnut Emerson upright, absolutely
like new. Jl;;5. 2J7 Geary St.
STEINWAY upright, left by private party.
$1US; a grea: bargain. 237 Geary st.
A FEW good upright pianos from $70 up com-
prising Vote. Merlins, Jacr.bsen. Sehnech-
ten. Sherwocd. Weser. Marshall & Wendell.
Haines. Everett. Knabe and others; eaay
payments. ltENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16-2U
O'Farrell. No branches In San Francisco.
UNTIL Aug. 17 we will sell a!l pianos at spe-
cially low prices, then our regular low prices
w!H be resumed: take advantage of these
low summer prices. THE ZENO MAUVAI3
MUSIC CO.. 7M> Market st.
BAND instruments; F. Besson, Paris, maker.
Gus MalwaUt. A(?t. Pac. Coast. 273 O'Farrell;
skllltul repairing: 21-harul instruments sold.
BARGAIN — Standard make upright; good con-
dition. BCHMTTZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whitehead's Storage. 1636 Market.
BEAUTIFUL :5-pedaL Steinway upright piano:
perfect order: sacrifce. Keen*e's.2S5 O'Farrell.
Family sailing for .Australia offers at sacrifice
handsome Steinway upright piano. 31« Eddy.
BUY disect from the factory and save 50 per
cent. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.~: largest
and oldest piano house.
BEST rentlmr piano In city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Ocilian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 3C8-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, oM and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S ne— s for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, fnr mailing. SI per year
MOXEY TO LOAN'.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-603 Examtner building.
Quick settlements: no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY. ¦
HIGHLY respectable priTate place to obtain
liberal advbnccs on diamonds, jewelry it
lowest »ratea. Baldwin Jewelry Store " $4'Z
Market st. : »*l. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Thtri.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, tramsters. boarding-houses, withcut
security; easy payments; largest business '.rx
A* principal cities. Tolman. S£: Parrott bldg.
A— \ per cent en furniture or plan>:no remoxa:;
no commission; no publicity; $3 up- ouici
quiet, confidential. 2f. Montgomery st. r. 7.
MUNICIPAL T.OAN OFFICE 1CJ Grant ave .
LOANS FROM $1 TO jft__?___
AT cut rates on real estate, furniture or piara":
Sav. Bk. bid.. .OS Market; phono Main S13-
8. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Lo»e» to saiarwl
_, _-_ , Tt .l __ people on their no;*.
The TOUfLEY CO 143 Prelan bldg.
M 2. NEY *° loan , on Iow lores'-: sold. »iw?r.
diamonds. Pw^an.1 precious stonea boug-t
at W. J. HESTHAL9. 10 Sixth st.
MO «T E 7«.!?* ned to »* l; "ted tm>loy*s. O tT.
MILLER, room 74. Jftjthjnoor^ChronlcIe bUS.
°^. E N/£ tr Crnt on fwntftwr*: »5 arnontb on eah
$1000; any security. 3(2 Montgomery, room tt
S^°TO^ n . !tu C? * P** nM : m 'J>:-«o reaov^T:
>. TRL.MAIN. room iSK <t F.oiy st.. floor 4. .
ALL loans on diamond* and~J«r»lry 2 per ceat
mo. S. F. Collateral Loon Ba Ik. &33 Kearry.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyomlr.g bans raorey to
salaried employe*. U. Su. Ma Ual Sav.BX. KO.
CASH loaned salarl*) people ol notes without
indorser. MORRELL, *» R-mlaer bid.
' 'fHHIkidHIIAia llsl'Mi iimi»4>
____JBELP WANTED — MALE — Con.
-
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY
B20 Sacramento st.; phone Main 1191.
|Vee fare. Willlts-Ukiah route. Fe». $1.
20 teamsters and laborers $2 25 a day.
f « w Work; New Camp ' Fe« $1.
10 drillers. $2 50; 10 laborers, $2 25 a day.
No discount; special cheap fare. North. ,
Boss here to-day; Butte Co.. Chlco.
00 laborers, teamsters, woodchoppers and
rockmen. $67 B0 to $75; half fare; fee $1;
go to-night.
Tuolumne County. $1 50 fare, balance free;
_- , - fee $1.
20 laborers, mills and yards; board your-
self; $6D.
SAWMILLS. ETC.— MISCELLANEOUS.
20 laborers, mills, $2 40; 20 lumber pliers.
$2 25; screw setter. $3 50 day; 10 cross-out
sawyers. $52 found: 3 men handle railroad
ties, tie camp. $40 found; 6 young men. sash
and door factory. $1 50 to $2 25 day; 20
miners. $75; 100 laborers and muckers. $60
Santa Fe R. R.— 10 trackmen. $2 25 day.
6 laborers. $2 25 day. near city. $1 fee.
Third stableman,- private place, boss here,
$25 fd.; 2 handy men ranch $26 fd.; 2-horse
teamster, hop ranch, $30 fd.: buggy
washer, country. $50 to $55 fd.: milker and
wife. $50 fd. ; dishwasher, mine. $25 fd.
SPECIAL.
20 laborers, private R R.. near city. $2 25
day and overtime, boss here to-day; 3 team-
sters. 10c fare, $2 25 day; 3 laborers. $2
day; leak mender, cannery, 25c hour.
BIG TUNNEL— 8-HOUR SHIFTS.
6 muckers, , $67 50; 6 tunnelmen. $82 50 fd.
Blacksmith, ranch. $45 to $50 fd. ; also har-
ness maker $40 fd., boss here to-day; cook,
new boat. $50 fd. ; silver boy. $25 fd.: jani-
tor, city. $60; salesman, city. $15 week and
comi!tt»«lon ; dishwasher, country. $20 fd. ;
4 deckhands, steamer $15 fd. ; 3 laborers,
city. $2 day.
Come and see our bulletin boards, also
get a free list of jobs at the PACIFIC EM-
PLOYMENT AGENCY, 520 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Good man as salesman; preferably
acquainted with wholesale paper business;
good salary for right man. Box 811, Call.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 per
pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50, or orthopedic
shoes, $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11 Third
St.. Examiner building, 5 doors from Market.
BARBER wanted for 10c shop, 623 Clay st.
Call after 8 o'clock.
i BARBER for Friday afternoon and Saturday.
410 Geary; first-class only.
COOK for boarding-house; German preferred;
$.10 per month. K07 Mission st.
TWO plumber's helpers. WM. LOANE; 433
Fifth st.
WANTED — Errand boy. Apply HOLM & NA-
THAN. 512 Market st.
MAN dishwasher for small restaurant. 62
Eighth st.
BOY wanted, about 15 years of age, to learn
the casket trade. 305 Montgomery ave.
BOY wanted. 23S Kearny st.
BOY about 15 years for men's furniehing
store. 424 Kearny.
WANTED — A lunrh man; must be a good
carver. 20 Stockton' st.
BARBER shop for sale; cheap; 5 chairs; good
thing. 751 Mission st., near Third.
WANTED — For the U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and 35;
good character: must speak, read and write
English ; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
In all parts of the world, on land in our Isl-
and possessions 1 , and at naval stations in the
United States. Apply at recruiting offlce, 40
Ellis Ft.. San Francisco. Cal.: 222 % N. Main
St.. Los Angeles,. Cal., and 401 K st.. Sacra-
mento, Cal.
PICK HOPS — Excursion to El Robles ranch, on
Russian River, fixed for August 18 only. In-
stead of August 25, as previously advertised;
call Immediately for El Robles tickets; fami-
lies and young peopla preferred; heavy crops;
excellent pay; beautiful camps; plenty amuse-
ments. E. CLEMENS HORST COMPANY.
122 Battery St.. S._F\
WANTED — Bright young man of good address,
between 17 and II) years of age, to learn the
dry goods business. Apply between 9 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS."
FACE massage a specialty, 40c; manicure, 25c:
shampoo, etc., 40c; at your home; ladles and
gentlemen; 1 give best reference'; first-class
work. MR. MELCESCO, 005) Ellis st.
WANTED — Educated young man to learn our
business and take responsible position when
qualified; $900 per year; first-class references
required. Stoddard Lectur.es, 211) Examiner
building.
WANTED — 2 young men. age 15 to 17, to
learn trade in factory situated close to San
Francisco; must be bright and willing. Box
3334. Call offlce.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.: 250 rooms: 25c per night.
WANTED — First-class salesman of good ad-
' dress for fur store; good openlr.if for right
party., MAX HOFLICH. 107 Grnnt ave.
WANTED — Rough . carpenters and laborers.
Apply room 14. 20 Montgomery st., San
Francisco Construction Company.
A FEW reliable young men can secure proflt-
. wble employment by calling, 10\ to 12 a. m.,
or writing. 027 Market St., room 308, S. F.
BARBERS— Elegant fixtures of 3-chalr shop;
hydraulic chairs; swell combination case; a
bargain. DECKELMAN BROS.. 10*! Ellis.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 f0; we pay express or
mail charges. 11 Third st.. Examiner bldg.
WANTED — An active young man in a whole-
sale wine business; must have some expe-
rience In bottling. Address box 3320. Call.
CAPABLE and experienced teacljer bookkeep-
ing and penmanship: must be good penman.
California Business College, 305 Larkln st.
WANTED — A flrst-class all-round unholsterer.
. Apply Wakefleld Mfg. Co., 461 and 403 Fourth
gt.. Oakland.
BOY 10 years to learn trade; references. Car-
son Glove Co., 123 Second st.
CLERK for grocery and bar. Corner Sutter
and Larkln.
1-CHAIR barber outfit for sale cheap. 303 »j
Broderlck St.. near Oak.
CO ATM A KER for country. REISS BROS. &
CO.. 24 Sutter st.
MAN to do janitor work for tuition In S. F.
Barber School. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuort st.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
50c up: soling cheap. 923 Howard st.. nr. 5th.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phel*M
. bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 35c night: reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore..
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has ' been established at lOOti
Valencia st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. " 663 Mission st.. bet. 1st onJ 2d sts.
"GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 25c
' to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AND -WAGON'S.
ON: account of going to build, entire stock of
wagons, buggies and harness must be sold at
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia sts. - ¦-¦
RARE chance — ( good horses for sale cheap.
327 Sixth st.. . -
ONE fine buggy, fruit wagon, cart. 2d-hand;
¦ new laundry wagon, cheap. . S28 Harrison 'st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
' /and gocart for sale , cheap. 532 Mission st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent* — The Weekly Call,
: 16 Dazes, in wrapper, for malllne. $1 uer year.
' HELP WAXTED — MALE.
MURRAY & READY.
Phone Main 5848. 634 and 636 Clay St.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Offlce half block long; 14 clerks employed;
by our own printing plant* we publish a
free bulletin of labor containing every posi-
tion segregated under departments ready for
distribution 7 a. m. ; also noon and evening
editions; get one free.
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
We know no distinction between man and
man. , - •
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1902 we cave 1903 .we'll give
45,000 men work. ';;'-» 60.00O men work.
We shlD you Free to one.
Free to-day. • Free to all.
Ogden. Utah, / All parts Nevada.
Los Angeles County, Santa Barbara.
Chatsworth Park, «. Hawaiian Islands,
Santa Susana, ~ ( • Oregon,
San Fernando. Washington.
Lcs Angeles County, Central America.
Arizona, Wllllts. Uklah.
And All Points North, Bast. South.
Including Ogden, Utah.
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fence
builders, drillers, single, double and machine
men, corner and bench hands. muckers, |
chuck tenders, car dumpers, teamsters.* la-
borers, track men. cooks, waiters, black-
smiths, etc., $5, $4. $3 50. $3, $2 50, $2 day.
Free fare. Free fare. Free fare.
Everybody talking. Thousands going.
Are you? Are you? Are you?
MURRAY & READY.
634 end 638 Clay «t.
COOKS— BIO PAY.
COOKS— BIG PAY. COOKS— COOKS.
26 cooks for harvest and fruit ranches, hay
presses, etc., $70. $60. $30. $40. $30 fd.; very
few men to cook for, no women there
4 cooks for different mines. $70. $65. $30, '
$40 and found.
46 cooks hotels, restaurants, cafes, stations,
etc.. $70 to $40 and found.
WAITERS.
32 waiters, different places. Including cafes
and grills. $45 to $30 and found.
6 bell and elevator boys, city and country
positions, $15 to $30 and found.
9 porters and bedmakers city and country
positions. $45 to $20 and found.
86 dishwashers, city and all parts of Cali-
fornia. $40 to $25 and found
Porter, city store. $40; 5 camp waiters $25
and ?30 and found.
12 laundrymen. some fare paid $S0. $60. $10
and found.
BAKERS.
% bakers and helpers city and country. $65
and S30 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
GOING TO FRESNO?
26 laborers. Free Fare— Free.
MURRAY & READY. 634-63G Clay st.
FREE ONLY 14 MILES AWAY FREE
16 laborers; you'll suit. $42 and found.
MURRAY & READY. Kw-<5C6 Clay st.
SPECIAL BY MIDNIGHT
MAIL PHONE AND TELEGRAPH.
Blacksmith, sawmill syndicate, boss here,
$4 day and found. "
Machinist, boss here. 1 sawmill, free fare. $55
and found.
2 miners, gold mine, Scandinavians, $30
Carpeijter. ranch, boss here, $40 fd
Clerk, country merchandise store. $400 year
and found.
Cook and waiter, same place, fare paid. $10
and $30 and found.
SPECIAL.
12 men warehouse work, fare $1. $3 day
EXTRA SPECIAL, CITY.
12 laborers. Oakland. $45 found
Plasterers. 5c yard or $5 day. country.
Sheet iron worker, city. $3 day.
Stablemari.xlumber company, country, $25 fd.
" cappers, country cannery. $2 day.
Bench capper, country cannery. $2 day.
2 boys, learn tilesetting. city. $32 50.
Milker and wife. Colusa County, $50 found.
Waiter. Santa Cruz County cafe. $40 found.
Logway man also sawyer, south. $90 found.
LOOK. R. R.— 10c FARE.
12 laborers, track men, $2 25 day.
Best Places At MURRAY & READY.
Best Wages At 634-636 Clay st. ¦
GOLD, SILVER.
COPPER, COAL.
26 machine miners, southeast mine, $90.
88 single and double hand miner?, $90, $S2.
$75.
8tf timber furnace men, also muckers, $30,
$75, $60 and found.
16 car men for good mines. $45, $60 and fd.
COME AND SEE.
268 laborers, no experience wanted, located
everywhere, $75. $60 and found.
NEW TUNNELS. OLD QUARRIES.
237 single and double hand drillers, also la-
borers, located all over California. $30, $75,
$6O and found. COME SEE.
FARMS AND DAIRIES.
3.1 milkers and butter makers. *40, $35, $30
and found.
1S6 ranch hands. $45, $30. $26 and found.
THRESHING OUTFITS.
3S men about threshing machines, you'll do,
$15 and found.
26 hay balers, located all over. 2rto, 25c ton.
BIG WAGES— GOOD JOBS.
, FOR STABLES, 2B men, $60, $70. $50, $35 fd.
FOR CHORES. 39 men, $35. $30, 520. $15 fd.
Coachmen, gardeners, private family men.
shtep herders.
MARRIED HELP. WANTED.
Waiter and wife, country, $55 and fcund, ex-
ceptionally good Job.
8 farmers and wives, cook and wife for mills,
woods, mines, etc.. $40. $50. $60 and found;
come see: WE'LL TELL YOU.
MUST HAVE 'EM.
263 laborers and teamsters, located all over
California, excavating, mills, factories, grad-
ing, etc., some in San Francisco. $2, $2 50
JIOYS. \ BOYS. BOYS.
16 boys to learn trades, work in factories,
.$5, $6. $7, $'J week.
LOOK AGAIN.
16 brick burners, boss here. $45 and found.
12 brick wheelers, boss here. $35 nnd found,
lfi brick setters, bos* here, $2 5O to $3 day.
26 laborers brickyard, boss here, $60.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
RAILROAD'S OWN WORK.
15t laborers to lay track and. ballast work,
$67 50 month.
THEY WANT YOU.
DIAMOrD MATCH SYNDICATE OF NEW
YORK — COST $1.
186 teamsters and axmen. J75.
l.su laborers, $07 5A
ISO drillers, rock, hammersmen. $70.
LOOK— NOW— TO-DAY FREE.
26 HEADERMEN, TUNNEL. FREE FARE.
" "'FACTORY— EXTRA ROOD— $60.
10 laborers; you'll suit; steady job, near city;
$eo. '
BORDERS OF OREGON FREE.
25 two-horse teamsters, lumber company,
free fare. $50 and found.
SHASTA AND SISKIYOU COUNTIES.
26 laborers: you'll suit: lumber trust. $72 50.
2 screw setters. $105: l."> offbearers. $S2 50.
25 laborers, p.llc lumber: you'll suit: $>2 50.
lfi crosscuttefs for woods. $60 and found.
20 boys for box factory; anybody will do;
$32 50 and found.
TUOLUMNE GOLD MINE REGIONS-
FREE.
65 laborers, anybedy will do, R. R. fare free,
$42 and found.
North— GET, ABOARD THIS BOAT— Free.
27 laborers, lumber mills, yards, etc., fare
paid. $35 and found up.
AS WE TOLD YOU— TO BUTTE $1.
196 teamsters, laborers and axmen. $75
FREE— OREGON— FREE.
26 woods and mill men. regular Oregon big
wages— WAGES.
FRUIT PICKING— AS YOU LIKE IT.
P5 men, you eat fruit, you can pick fruit,
fare $!.*-<? nnd found.
ARE YOU A COAL MINER?
155 coal miners— OREGON — FREE FARE.
WILLITS— URIAH— FREE FARE.
~~ 26 teamsters and laborers, others going — Are
you ? $75.
DO YOU KNOW? FREE FARE.
On every train we shlo to S. P. Co.'s own
work. (All. yes all. divisions.) Laborers,
extra gang? and section hands. Free fare.
SAKTA BARBARA BY THE SEA.
155 laborers, free fare. $45 and found.
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
MECHANICAL.
•READ CAREFULLY. W-
» bench hands. $3 50; 6 helpers, bench job,
$60: country jebn.
. 16 rough carpenters, fare $3, 6 months' Job
$75 to $90. J '
BLACKSMITHS.
34 blacksmiths and helpers, located every-
where. $0O up.
ELECTRICIAN FOR MLNE. $00.
10 copers, lla barrel: 2 carriage makers, $4
5 brick molders. $3 50.
6 machinists. Asaayer for mine. $6 day
Sandstone quarrymsji. $3 day up; stonema-
son, country, $90 found.
BUTCHERS.
6 all-rour.d butchers. $t0. $CiO. $70 found.
,¦; experienced factory butchers, across bay
$3 day.
3 helpers, slaughter- house work, fare $1. fcJO
and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-C36 CUy st.
WHERE ARE THEY?
8« LUMBER TRUSTS AND SYNDICATES
LOCATED IN FOUR STATES.
MANAGERS HERE. TWO TERRITORIr.3.
FREE^ — FARE— FREE.
frt>5 laborers, no experience wanted, $33 to
$70 and found.
1*6 experienced mill and yard men, $40 to
$150 and found.
."isa woodsmen, < $40 to $150 and found.
Stlckermen. Tallymen.
Spool tenders. Machinists.
Buckers. trackmen. Line pullers.
Blacksmiths, wood turners, barkers, car
loaders. ¦
Tree fellers. Jack screwers.
Log loaders. Shingle sawyers.
• Dolbeer loggers. Carriage setters.
Swampers and trimmers. Gang edgcrmen.
Saw fliers.
Pond men. band sawyers, carriage doggers,
sorters, graders and peelers, chain tenders,
shingle packer*. al«o Jointers, chute build-
ers. $40. *Z0. $60. $70, $S0. $80, $100 to $150
month and found.
GS6 woodchODpers. tlemakers. shingle, cost.
8 A> FRANCISCO CALL* *
BUSINESS OFFICE of th« Ban Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
comer Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
W0 Hayc* street; open until 9:30 p. m.
«-3 McAllister street; oren until 9:30 p. m.
US Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
IS«41 Mission etreet; oren until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
tntll 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
10HG Valencia street; ojjen until 9 P- m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-cecor.d and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore strctt; o;*n until 0 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commander* No. 1 K. _^
T.— Regular assembly THIS E\ KN- "fc2B*
ISO at 7:30 o'clock, order of lied FV
iVnrn All f raters courteously invited. 90
THOMAS H. BROWNE. CommanJer. »
T. L. HENDERSON*. Recorder.
PACIFIC I*>d«e No. 13«. *z£*J£3*ftJL2
Manonic Temple, meets THIS E^' V XX
ING 7:30 o'clock. First Decree. /?»
OEOKCC PKXUNGTON. t»«C.
AIHiLLO Lodte No. 123. 1. O. O.
rhird l-tr..- Tins i Fill- ;?y2!PS* l K%
DAY) NIGHT. S oVlock. Vis-
itor* cordially invln^ lK^%.
W. F. NOnCROSS. R. S.
FAN FRANCISCO Ter.t No. yjfif<^@l
IS K O. T. M. — Review «2G--— 'r*Ca
TUTS (FRIDAT) EVEN- £?>3 O V^S
ING at « o'clock. Pioneer GOfS .T^ WjJJ
H ' n - I* b^rTchards. Wi|?
Record Keeper.
THE annual meeting cf the stockholders _of
the Pacific Undertaker, will be he d at . .7
Mission »t.. S«n Francisco, on MONDAY.
August 24. 1903. at 8:30 p. m.. for the elec-
tion cf directors for the en.ulnc year and
the transaction of such other bus^T»* "
ir.ar ccme before the meeting. Transfer
rVks will close on Thursday. Aurust -"w.
Ry order of the board of directors.
Hi ororr vi GORHAM. Secretary.
AGENTS WAATKO.
•"7io\V~7o~earn one hundred dollars in thirty
minutes"; no ..imas-ing. no selling: any-
wlmre in California. Send name and addreas
to secretary, room 202. jsprevkels Annex. t*an
Krani ln-o. .
VT \NTED— A reliable representative for north-
ern territory of California, with offices in
S F. : exceptional oi-ening and li|>eral terms
U rlcht man. Box X^">«. Call.
WANTED — 2 or 3 house to house canvassers;
»:ood tuition for first-class men. Arply at
1114 Washington Bt.. Oakland, bet. 8 and U
¦ . m.. r<ym 3.
ATTOnXEYS-AT-LAW.
KOBT W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid..
rm. '611: *ll case*, d.tmages. estates, wills,
attachments, collections, otc. ; consultation
free; no advance charges; call or write; even-
ing* by appointment. Tel. Red 3C01.
ADVICE free — I wlJl advance cost in meritori-
ous caws, divorces probate and all other law |
cases: no fees In advance; open every even-
Ing. J. M. TIIURSTON. S19 Market ft., r. 31. .
ADVICE free: divorces a Fpecia!ty;qulck.qu'.et; 1
no rharjre without success; established 15 yrs.
G. W. HOWE 1122 Market St.. eyy. Hale'a.
ADVICE free, all cas.es. R. C. ADAMS, room
SIC. third floor. Examiner building.
L~P~LARK. Kmma Spreckels bldg.. 827 Mar-
ket st.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
AITKEN & AITKEN. attorneys, rs. ."509-10-11
Clur.le bldg.. !SU California gt.: tel. Main 727.
BIRDS, DOGS. ETC.
5OUNO talking parrots, $5 each ;Gerinan singing
""ianaries, $2; we will try to please you;every-
thlng in our tine at right prices. 1546 Market, j
niMNESS CHANCES.
A — fOOO: COUNTItY bakery, with chop house,
in i'ulaveras 'County: living rooms; no op-
liocition: a si>l«-nd!d chance for baker or cook.
R. G. WILKE. 2li^i Kearny Et.
A— $WXi; PALOON. with 10 furnished rooms;
l>Ure surrounded by breweries and malt-
housef; rent $10; a good business, but dis-
agreement of tlirf-e partners 1* cause of sale;
lease. Call H. O. WILKE. 26*» Kearny St.
A— $125t:; <-<5»ltNKR Muloon In wholesale dis-
trict; e*tab. many years and known as a
fir*t-ci»t». paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 56H Kearny st.
A— $:£T>: RESTAURANT and coffee »t.loon. on
Post st.; rent $.')0; average daily receipts.
MV a bargain. R. G. WILKE. 2t>!i Kearny.
ARE you trying to f-ell vour business? Well.
See H. W. WILFORD.
Huslrir^s Acent.
3 Taylor el., cor. Golden Gate ave.
A.— HOTEL on Gutter st.; 43 room*: with all!
the modern improvrments: cieart over $3iX> |
l**r nicnih; elaborate fixtures'; r>r.t reason-
able: Mrurr lease: to be sacrificed for $f>>ix>, i
nt WILFOIUrS. 3 Taylor st. j
MANAGER wanted — A national concern with I
headquarters in New York would like to «-or- j
r'sjumd with men «if ability »ho are capable |
of estaMihhing branch office and managing i
a large business on salary l>asls. They must
be hustlers, strictly trustworthy, well edu-
<«ted and able to invest from $-"UKH) to four*) i
in a thoroughly established, fueresyful and J
l»'BitlmatP businet-y; references exchanged, i
H'X 4<«t. C17 *=ix:h ave.. New Yi.rk. j
j.rj< ki_ HFTA IlLli-' 11 ED bakery, with 2 stores, i
4 livinc I owns. t>arn. l.akeoven. tools, horse, j
wujron; on corner; lot 50x100. Hox UCJ31»,
<>11 otflce.
F*">U sale — GivmI harness »hcp in a prosperous
i «r; Northern California; Inquire at ence.
L. D. STONE & CO.. 417 Market st.
F< i!t any kind of buslney*. flty or country, get ;
OUT list. MOSSMAN. *5<» Market 6L J
FOR Mile — Modern printing plant: 2 presses;
good ol'Dortunlty. Box IMMt, Call.
1<>H *2le— rvhoi&terlrtg and carpet t leaning j
bu.-i:i«»>*: good trade ; tMokness cause cf seil-
ir.ir. IJ.ix POT. Call office.
KEfTAl'ItAST; seating 52: snap; no Sunday
d?r>«rture. «.tH; Fourth st.
Vy>\l sale — A lew share* of racifie States Tele-
phone *tock. Box 3305. Call offlce.
O'X»D palocn for Box ,~CS. Call office.
Hairflrcsying iiarkrsicheap: value In right; go^>d j
location; retiring. UTO Market, bet. 7th-Stli.
*'¦'•¦ — LARGE, poo<3-pa> ing restaurant: long
rs-tab.; nej»r water front. Rox £328. Call.
F1HST-CLAFS lakery for *ale in country town.
Address box KC, Call office. Oakland.
FOR K»le--Saloon stock and fixtures. 117
City K&n ave.
OTTSIDE route No. 4 this paper for sale.
Inquire hardware store. 1Mb and Folsom sts.
IX)DGING-HOI/£ES FOR BALK.
100 ROOMS; bouse for men; rent $140 $4000
fS roo—j; south cf Market: rent $100. 2000
24 rcom»; ccrner: part cath; bal. easy. 850 j
11 roovnr; good income; rent $20 850 {
21 rooms; water front; rent $4U; lease. fi50 J
J20 rcorne: rood lease: low rent 6500 j
P7 rcni. : apartments ; Western Add; rent. 250 i
Mcsey loaned at 1 per cent.
Hcteis, resdhotase*. flat*. 5 to 100 rooms.
EITEL * CARROLL. 212 Kesrny st.
A HARGAIN this week: forced sale; 34 rooms;
Market st.. central; all rented: first floor of-
fices, clearing $175; only $2400- eaFy terms.
riJTEnSEN & LARSEX. KG5 Market, rm. 1.
$CS»V-FLEGANT colonial flat of 5 r. and b.;
l<eautlfaly turn.; all new and up to date;
cort over $10U>: piano cort n.V) alone; must
rell. Peterson * Larsen. ICS5 Market, rm. 1.
?2Wft— 2u ROOM?: rent $125: clears over $100;
map. MOSSMAN. SSO Market rt.
NEWLY furnished house of 15 rooms; owner
learfam city. «;IG Taylor st.
r-AIU'ET-HKATIXG AND CLEANING.
AIR. ccm pressed, dry. Ice cold. Is now univer-
sally used In sanitarily cleaning carpets on
floor, without removal or Injury: prices mod-
"•'«"¦• Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
« -LEANING CO.. Call big.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become dt*fru;ted with your work
Fend for EPAi;i.DING> Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-CS7 Tehcma ft. : tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA «'arpet-bcatlng Co.. J. McQueen
proprietor. Guerrero ex... tei. Mission 49!
TRY HOPKE BUGS.; excellent carpet-beatinir:
mattrryses made ever. 1412 Howard ;South 216 ]
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 4C2 Sutter st ¦
trl. Main 3*4. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet -beat ing works- prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison et. ; tel.Mlsslcn 2t3.
CONKLRC'S Puj>ertor Carpet-beating Works.
.1^3 Goldtn Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CHinOPODISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 50 Geary— All
ailment* of the feet cured; corns. bunlons,etc.
COLLECTION* OFFICES. ~
ADVICE free; bad tenants ejected speedily. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY-. r. K5. 016 Market:
tel. Jted CIS; collection*; gen'l law business.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
ritjr or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 413 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. b5S0.
V>> SPIRITUALISM. ¦
RET Mr» N^ J. Whitney, trance clairvoyant
business medium and life reader. 416 Turk
# t., room 2. first, floor (Hotel Reglna).
A-ETHEL CUINDLE. materialising seanc*
Friday evening. 50c. 1115 Post St.. 8 o'clock.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night. Sat Sun..
IOc; readings dally; ladles ggc. 148 Sixth at.
KATIE HEUSSMAN. circle Friday evening,
2ft C ; sittinKH. 1000 Harrison St.. cor. Sixth.
MME. SWANSON, spiritual medium and card
reader. 17 Fourth St. •
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings daily.
9:30 to 4; ceances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
XZ oCliTaVonce and save $2.
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 91
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Retlstered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make you no charge if I fail to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I promise
to tell you whether husband, wife or sweet-
heart Is true or false; to tell whom and when
you will marry: In fact. I will tell you every
hope, fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself. He restores lost affections, reunites
the «rparated. causes speedy and happy mar-
rlagec, makes you successful and prosperous,
cures disease and lost vitality without medi-
cine, locates hidden treasures; hours 10 am. to
8 p.m.: Sunday 2 to 8. 320 O'Farrell at. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of tb* past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; If you are in trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied In life, or have do-
mestic Kn> or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable adrlce In all affairs
of life: 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
lngs by mall. Tel. Black 4569.
CASHMIRE.
THE WIZARD OF THE ORIENT.
Trance medium, clairvoyant and palmist; ad-
vise* on love, law, business, speculation and in-
vestments; as a test In the readings she will
tell your full name, address and occupation;
she reunites the separated, cauees a speedy and
happy marriage with the one you love: In fact,
the adviw« on all trouble* pertaining to hu-
man nature; locates hidden treasures and
mines. 10<»m Market et.. bet. 6th and 7th.
1SMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
ft., cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 6 p. m. ; readings by mai! as satisfac-
tory as in person: 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5: send lock of hair, date and year
<if birth; don't tend currency. Sind postofflee.
WVlIs-rarKO meney order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
end «ijht; tells the past, present and future;
ladies. 50c; gents, fl; by carts, palmistry
and clairvoyant tlttlng; $1 60. 126 Turk st
Mrs. A H. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading. 10c. for
a fhert time only; when others fail try me to
convince yourself. 4(12 Franklin, near Grove.
MISS P. WARD, high psychic, clairvoyant,
palmist: tells life cradle to grave; 50c. by
niail or persm. 217 Eddy st. room 0.
A— Mm*. Ravenna read's life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th st . near Mancet.
MME. UAItdSAtJ. clairvoyant card reader:
leve. marriage and business; 25c. 545 Minna.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
2GH Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c, gents 50c.
MRS. SHAFtR, clairvoyant card reader: sit-
tlngn dally. 44 C H Jessie St.. bet. 5th ana gth.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE for the rent — $12 50 per month, ft
p. & b. ¦ en Nevada ave.
$20 per month. 5 r. & b., 1245 Sanchex St.
$2u per n:onth. 5 r. & b.. on 2Cth st. with
a small payment down. Your friends.
D. COFFIN & CO., 3303 Mission st.
FOR RENT— Cottage of ft rooms. $15 per
month. 2704 Polk Et.
DEXTISTS^
I>R LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh :
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per «=et; extracting. 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crown. $3 W>; fillings, 50c;
plates. $5:full pet: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
GOLD filling. $1: silver. &0c; crowns. $2. Elite
Dental Inst.. K3S Market; open evenings.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
S«-t teeth, $1 60 up; crowns, $2 up; fillings, 25c.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver. .T5c; crowns. $2; no'
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hcwltt.204 Sutter.
10 PER CENT off this month: estimates free.
New York Oentlfts. '.Kg* Mission wt.. cor. Cth.
UHKSS31AKUKS A. SBAMSTKKSSIiS.
McDOWELL Dre.«smaklng and Millinery School ;
— Any pattern cut to measure. 101'J Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
DYXI— a AND CLEAJIHO.
SKA bieeies sweeten all garments, blankets. '
lace curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights Dje Works. oS)15 Sacramento: phone
for wagon. West 4.V*. H. HICKMAN. pres.
EDUCATIONAL.
A.— CALDWELL College of OTaton'T'jVctlngT
Opera and Authorship; largest In the West;
14 teachers; positions guaranteed; fall term
lx»Kins Sf-pt. 7; day & evening clnss; beautiful
new catalogue free-. 12I>5 Market, cor. Ninth.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-*
ket ; modern, progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 years. Gregg shorthand, fastest,
easiest. most readable. Actual business
Ixiokkf-epinK; typewriter at home free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post, S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, teleprajihy. Knglish branches;
day and night sessions; lllus. catalogue free.
A.TRES, the leading business colkge, 723 Mar-
ket ft.; rpeclal summer course in all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship. ?rx>; day nnd evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkl.n St.
¦"A thorough school"; poritlons secured for
Rrsdua.tes; modern methods; Individual In-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrlclty,24 Post
st., tv F.: a practical school or engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue tree.
THE Berlitz School of Languages has removed
to 1O(X> Van Ken ave.; rates reduced during
sumn-.er. Send for catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.. mtn.. moon., mr-
vey. assay, cyanide: day. eve.; cut. 1K6I. Van
der Nalllen School. li:t Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SYSTEM, discipline and results: the~Goiden
Gate Commercial College, Van Ness and
Golden Gate aves..S.F. : fills ev^iy requlrenint
DAKCXNO Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday nnd
BmuSay evenings at Teutonia Hall, Howard
Et., near Ninth: management Prof. Foster.
SONG writing; the fashionable fad; learn to
write your own songs ; all grade*. 540 Sut-
trr et.. room &>. •'( to 4 p. m.
PIANO and German: pupil of Lcipslc Conser-
vatory: lessons 75c and $1. 346 Golden <Iate.
AT Kingsiand Art Shop — Drawing, painting
and burnt work. Iltv4 HaUht St., near Lyon.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
__PARTINGTON'S, 424 Pine ft.... Night class
SPANISH Academy — Professor Arrlbas: classes
day and evening: private lessons. 834 Sutter.
LESFONS given in Water Color or Oil Palnt-
ing from Nature. CURRIEB. 372 Sutter st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mlsslon.nr.6th.
Chicago Business College. I4.'{5 Market, nr. 10th.
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkpg., $8 mo.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 220rt Flllmore.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post st.: tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment offlce: fur-
nishes best help: contracts for farm help. etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese-
Chinese help. 420 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offlce. 415
Stockton: tel. Grant 1CS; expert. reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Offlce^-Best help at
Leon Scung's. 411 Vi O'Farrell: tel. East 423.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
CHINESE and Japanese help; o.-tab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1937. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
E M P LO V 31 ENT WAXTED FEMALE.
DRESSMAKER and sultmaker; flrst-class cut-
ter and fitter; only good' work done; engage-
ment by the day in private famine*. MISS
BARSS. 1024 Mission st. T
HOUSEKEEPER by elderly woman: capable
cooking, washing, taking care children and
entire work of small family; references.
Box 2354. Call.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes one, two or
three days' work; perfect satisfaction ; $2 a
day. 1C71 McAllister st. "
COMPETENT woman wants place in email
American family: understands nice plain
cooking. Box 3345. Call office.
HELP WASTED —^ gMAliE T* lt ??-"'-, r ,
GIRLS FOR - FACTORY WORK; GOOD
WAGES; PAID WHILB LEARNING;
STEADY EMPLOYMENT; EXPERIENCE
NOT NECESSARY: APPLY AT ONOT.
AMES & HARRIS,
_ 100 SACRAMENTO 3T.
GIRLS ABOUT, 18 YEARS, TO RIVET
OVERALLS. _.. .
STEADY WORK. PAID SALARY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 82% FREMONT ST.
MR. DAVIS. '
WOMEN and girls -wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work; highest wage*.
Apply California Canneries Co... Brannan
«t., between Third and Fourth.
_____ i
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32>4 FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION, NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
¦ employment: day and piece work: highest
wages. CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.,
Bryant and Tenth.
PICK HOPS— Excursion to El Robles ranch, on
Rutsian River, fixed for August 18 only, ln-
ftead of August 25, as previously advertised;
call immediately for El Robles tickets; fami-
lies and young people preferred: heavy crops;
excellent pay: beautiful camps; plenty amuse-
ments. E. CLEMENS HORST COMPANY.
- 122 Battery st., S. F.
BOOKFOLDERS and sewers; girls, wanted to
learn the trade; wages raid from start.
FRANK-ilALLOYE, 422 Sacramento st.
WANTED- Experienced cashier; state refer-
ences, experience, age ajd Ralar;' expected.
Address box 3346. Call ollce. '
PAPER box makers: experienced hands wanted
for steady employment in good shop. T. N.
HIBBEN CO.. Victoria. B. C.
WANTED— Young girl to ansist with care of
child 1U years of age; sleep home. Call the
Atherton. 16t?l Octavta Bt.. room 7.
A LADY free from home cares can secure per-
manent position as traveler for city firm by
addressing, at once, box 3342. Call offlce.
WANTED — A srlrl in a physician's offlce; state
a(«< and extent of education. Address box
3320. Call offlce.
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory. Central
ave. and Waller st.
COMPETENT nurse for baby: must sleep
home. Apply forenoon. 1767 Broadway.
NEAT young girl for general housework; two
In family and baby; car fare. R30 Scott et.
YOUNG girl about 14 to 16 years to assist in
light housework. 010ft Devisadero. st.
OPERATORS and finishers on waisus; good pay.
JUDA BROS.. 320 Market st.
RELIABLE . girl for general housework and
cooking: small family. 3639 17th. nr. Dolores.
GIRL for plain cooking and assist In house-
work. 1444 O'Fnrrell Ft., upper flat.
PANTS finishers wanted at 27 Geary st. ; union
wages. jj
LADY of good address to represent high-grade
magazine: good pay- 51) Columbian building.
WANTED — Fitters, stitchers and table girls.
Apply Eastern Shoe Factory. 134 Main st.«
ELDERLY German Catholic woman for house-
work; J7 per week. 1071 Market st. ,
WANTED— Women to work in cannery. Apply
Webster st. near McAllister.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
- received at Call branch offlce.2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.'
HELP WANTED — MALE.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
59 Third st., nr. Call bldg.; phono Bush 405.
Section hands. Coast line and all parts of
California.
S. P.'S OWN WORK. .-— -'
FREE FARE— FREE FARE.
50 section men, $1 60 and $1 70 a day.
BUTTE COUNTY— CHICO.
50 teamsters and rockmen. $2 50 day.
50 laborers and axmen. $2 25 day.
COAL MINERS. ¦
FREE FARE— OREGON.
25 miners. $1 a ton. i
; fi miners' single band, $3 day.
5 muckers, $2 50 day.
BIG SAWMILL, SISKIYOU CO. FREE
FARE.
4 millwrights. $4 day and board; boss here.
Orchardlst to harvest and cure crop of al-
monds, boss here. $40^; ranch hand. $1 day
and board: janitor" for doctor's offlce, $65.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third st.
JANITOR for institution. $30 and found, call
early; 4 farmers. f.".O and found, seo boss
here this morning; 2 farmers and wives. $40
and $50 and found: 6 single hand miners, $3
day. see boss In city; 50 laborers for mines
nnd quarries. $1 50 day and board and $2
and $2 50 day: quarrymen. Jobbing black-
smith and shoer. $¦'! day; foreman fruit ranch.
$40 and found; choreman, $15 to $20 and
found: milker, $30 and fare refunded; .2
stablemen for country $3."> and found and
$50; woodchopper. $1 50 cord, and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
PORTER and choreman. country hotel. $25 and
found; country hotel cook. $45; restaurant
second cook: cook and helper, small Institu-
tion. $50 and found: bell boy. $15 and found;
elevator boy: dishwashers. $30, and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S offlce, 317 Stockton at.— Kitchen
crew, hotel. $140- German cook. $05; broiler.'
$50. : plain cook saloon. $">0; 2 waiters, flrst-
class hotels. $30 and $35; pantryman, $25;
glassman. $25; gardener helper. $50. country;
laborers for park $1 a day; bedmakers. $20
and found and $35 and room; night clerk,
$35; driver and take care of team, delivery
wagon, $13 a week, etc. ¦
A— HOTEL Gazette. 26 Montgomery, room 12;
second cook, $65; bell boys, $15.
WANTED— By a large tailoring establishment,
a first-class cutter of experience, ability and
pleasing personality; must have good char-
acter and habits; the position affords a good
salary: this Is a splendid opportunity for the
right kind of a man. Address box 3340. Call.
WANTED — Up-to-date, all-around reporter.who
can assist In editorial | ork, write shorthand
and run a typewriter. Write at once, giving
refernces and waces required to MARK R.
PLAISTED, Evening Democrat. Fresno, cal.
WANTED— An experienced cutter for wo-
men's nnd children's wear: faci.Vy ; wages
$00 per month; MARKS BROS.. 1220 Market.
BOY. or 17, to do eeneral work In store.
MARKS BROS.. 100 Sixth st.
sBARBKR shop for sale: two chairs, one new
revolving; .'I living rooms; big yard; no rea-
sonable offer refused: owner leaves for coun-
¦ try: snap. 3^2 Dolores gt.
' WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply between 0 and 11
a. m. at.IIALK BROS.' - - .
WANTED— A solicitor for an old-established
Jolr-firlntlng house; liberal win— to a hustler.
Adrdess hox 3348. Call office..
WANTED — First-class pressman on platen
presses. FORD, SMITH & LITTLE CO.,
Los -Angeles. ;.:
TRY. our men's choes. union made, at $11 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express or
mall charges.' 11 Third St., Examiner bldg.
CLEANER. CALIFORNIA CLOTHING RE-
, NOVATORY. 2S7 O'Farrell st.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED--FEMAI.E^
TRAINED nurse, with knowledge of bookkeep-
ing speaking French and English, desires
position in physician's office or any light oc-
cupation. G. A. R-. 1259 O'Farrell st.
GERMAN girl wishes place as cook; wages $35
up;, first-class recommendations. Call at 524
Stevenson st.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1000
Valencia st. ¦ .
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED MALE.
EXPERIENCED gardener and grower wants
steady position; married; no children; Ger-
man; 35 years old; best references; wife able
to cook or help in house. Box 3353, Call.
RELIABLE man wants place drive bus, light
delivery or porter or tend bar and wait in
country hotel. S., Call office, Oakland.
ENGINEER — First-class stationary steam en-
gineer, also Is a nr6t-class electrician, de-
sires a situation In city or country; has all
tools; flrst-class references: married: speaks
English, German and Spanish. Box 499S.
Call office. : - '
BOOKKEEPER and accountant wishes one or
more sets of books to keep; afternoon or
evening; competent to straighten out any class
of accounts; city reference; terms reasonable.
Box 4CP6. Call ofllce.
FOREMAN for vineyard, thoroughly acquaint-
ed with wlnemaklng, superintending cellar,
field and orchard, wishes position. 101
OTarrell st. \f*
A REFINED, good natured old gentleman,
eminently respectable, good habits, unln-
cumbered. desires a position as companion.-
Box 3338. Call office. ___________
A GOOD barber, elderly man. sober and steady,
would like situation In the country or city.
Address WILLIAM WALTHERS, 1925 Polk
gt. San Francisco.
SITUATION wanted — Middle-aged man; stew-
ard, cook, or general house and outside work;
small country club or family: suburban lo-
callty. Address box 467B. Call office.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper desires permanent
situation; rapid and accurate worker; good
references, including present employers; not
afraid of work. Box 808. Call office, Oakland.
BRIGHT, energetic, strictly flrst-class young
man desires to represent reliable firm aa col-
lector or solicitor: speaks English and
Swedish. Address box 800. Call. Oakland.
YOUNG man with experience In office of
wholesale grocery desires situation. Box
3332. Call office. * '
COACHMAN, single, wishes position with pri-
vate family; best of Eastern and Western
references. Box 3337, Call.
MACHINIST, steady, all-round man. wishes
employment. J. HAMPSON, 204 Second st.
HOUSE painter. Eastern man, wantb work;
email jobs and contracts taken. Address
Painter. 1121 Webster et.. city.
FIKST-CLASS office man and collector wants
position. Box 3313. Call. ,
A JAPANESE boy wants a position as school-
boy In small family; understands cocking and
housework. T. IMAI. Japanese Y. M. C. A.,
121 Halght st.
CHINESE, excellent, first-class cook, wishes
position, $65 per month; meat and pastry
hotel, boarding-house or private family.
per month: give good references; satis-
faction. 622 Sacramento st. ; C. W. F. .
JAPANESE wants position aa schoolboy,
couple of hours, or day work. Ring Green
250. H. J.. 317 Mason St. >
JAPANESE first cook wants place do kitchen
wcrk. S32 Clay St., rear, Oakland.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH efflce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has' been established at 1006
Valencia st.
~ FL|ATS _.' r P LET v
HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantage cf this
department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Ctx. 245-259 Geary
tt.. on the square.
1 CORNER Noe and Elizabeth «>ts. : new. sunny
flat on corner. 1050 Noe st.: modern improve-
ments; convenient to Twenty-fourth and Cas-
tro- st^ca^sjrentreasonable. -
A 6UNNY corner upper 6- room flat, basement;
half block from Market st.. wjthln 13 min-
utes' ride of Golden Gate Park; Castro and
Elghteenth-st. cars. S043 Seventeenth st.
$25 — GRAND view city and bay; 5 rooms: sun'
all day: modern and up to date. 1129 Church.
TWENTY-THIRD. 4077. corner Castro— Lovely
lower 4-room flat; $16; water free.
POLK. 2500. cor Filbert — Lovely sunny corner
flat, 7 rooms; marine view; rent $35.
SACRAMENTO, 2*30- 2SiX>— Swell, sunny 7-rootn
flats; Just completed; seen to be appreciated.
1 TO let — Flat of four rooms; 1807 O'Farrell.
HOOKER A LENT. 14 Post st. ¦
4 NICE rooms, bath, toilet, yard, cellar, gas;
adults. 1017 Geary «t. ¦
FIRMTIRE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
buys, rents, repair*, packs furniture, carpets.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
2 waitresses, new hotel, city, $30.
2 extra waitresses, Santa Cruz, ' free fare
both ways. $25.
Waitress, first-class hotel, north, 'fare paid,
2 waitresses, new hotel, city. $27 60.
70 waitresses, different country hotels, fares
paid, $20-$25.
Chambermaids, city and country. $20.
Fancy ironcr. hotel. $35.
Mother and daughter, small country hotel,
as cook and waitress, foO.
German woman, kitchen work (lunch coun-
ter), no Sunday work. $25.
Pantry girl, springs, fare paid. $30.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
: Woman with a child as cook for 14 men. $25;
2 houseglrls. nice places, country. $25; cooks,
housegirls. second girls, nursegirls, city and
country; best of wages pa;d. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 429 Bush gt.
A— 2 NURSES, institution, see party here
11:30 to-day, $30. room, board and washing.
C. It. HANSKN & CO.. 423 Bush st.
WANTED — Short order cook. $-8 50 week; cook.
.".0 Boys. $40; 2 German cooks. $35; -4 cooks,
$30; head waitress, $30; 4 waitresses, hotel,
S25; restaurant waitress. $S week; 4 nurse-
girls. $20. $25; working housekaeper, hotel,
Santa Rosa, $20: 5 second girls. $20, $25;
cook for hotel, country. $30; 2 cooks, small
boarding-houses. $30: housework, Kcss Val-
ley. $.10; 3 chambermaids, assist ' waiting.
$2t>. $22 50; mother and daughter as cook
and' waitress, small hotel. SiW, $20; nurse-
girl. Alamceia: 4t houseglrls', in city and
country $20 $C5, $30. Apply to J. F.
CKOSETT & CO.. 334 Suttcr st.
A SECOND girl for private family going to
Montana: see party here; a nurse for one
, child, must go home nights, wages $2.">; a
nurse for 2 children In Oailand, wages $20;
four waitresses for same commercial hotel.
In city, wages $20 each, board and room: a
French governess for one grown child. $30;
a cook for boarding-house, $35; ten house-
work girls for city and country, wages $20
to ¥30. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter, near
Powell.
HAIRDRESSING, manicuring, massage, hair
work; removal of superfluous hair taught
from A to V. In 2 weeks for $10; positions
guaranteed: $10 to $20 per week; school day
and eve. 233 Geary, r. 13: maids prepared.
A— LADIES, learn all branches hairdresslng
trade: manicuring, massage, etc.: 123G Mar-
ket st.. cor. Jones, room 94: positions secured
at highest wages: day and eve. class; call.
k. — Girls tb learn millinery now for fall senson ;
both seasons taught from start to finish in one
month for $10; positions aa trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
WANTED — Experienced girl for cutting off!
goods In wholesale millinery house. Apply
HOLM d NATHAN, C12 Market st. i
WANTED — Experienced cloak and suit sales-
- lady: state age. experience and salary ex-
pected. - Box 3351. Call.
WANTED — Experienced saleslady, who under-
stands Jackets and children's cults. Box
3352. Call offlce.
WANTED — Experienced saleslady for cloak
and suit department; good wages. Box 3344,
Call office.
PANTS finishers wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at 27 Oeary st.
GIRL to assist housework; four adults. 2073
Bush st.
A GIRL to take care of a child. 1153 Oik st.
WAIST and sleeve hands for dressmakln;?. 12l""
Pest., room 49. j
GIRLS from 14 to 17 years to sew by hand.
656 Mission st., third floor.
HANDS wanted on fancy handstitching; bring
sample. 050 Mission St., third floor.
WANTED — A girl to a»M*t in hourework: fam-
ily 3. 4052 Twenty-flfth st.; Castro cars.
TYPEWRITER and bookkeeper. Address
Hardware. 23 Davfs st.. room 11.
WAITRESS wanted: small restaurant; light
work; *6 per week. 2723 Sutter st. :
A COMPOSITOR wanted. R. K. PATTER-
SON. 429 Montgomery st. ,.
GIRL for light housework; no cooking.: Arply
130" Jackson st. ,
< Here's an excellent chance to secure a fat duck
That will make a fine meal, if the deacon has luck,
'And we hope tha^he will, for he'd feel very sad i
If the bird got away— though the duck would be glad.
We offer to all an opportunity rare,
Through our ads. every day their desires to declare,
And assurance can give that there's never a doubt
If your ad's in The Call you are sure to win out.Artificial silk is now being made' In
Europe from wood fiber, under an Eng
lish patent.. The American Consul at
Stettin writes of it: "The, sample shown
me was very soft and /of a cream color.
Each thread Is made up of eighteen single
strands. A single strand is hardly per
ceptible to the naked eye. As to'the
relative strength of a real silk thread and
this imitation, the real silk is two-thirds
stronger. , It is said to take coloring or
dyeing, readily, and when woven into
pieces has the . appearance of real silk.'
It Is ¦ impossible S to ; get sample h#re. or
Information ; as to . the process of manu
facturing, excepting ; that no - particular
kind of wood; Is required and that , the
pulp .undergoes a' chemical process and Js
preese'a : through ' very; fine tubes by
hydraulic- pressure,' forming, the single
strands which ; go to make up the
thread."— Exchange. '
Silk From Wood Fiber.
t A new form of automatic coupler for
railway carriages and wagons has been
invented in England. It consists of two
horizontally placed hooks, one above the
other, facing in opposite directions. Coup
ling is effected on the cars coming to
gether by the hooks automatically swing-'
ing open sufficiently to "enable them to
clasp. Cars are doubly held together by
the two sets of hooks and it is practically
impossible for them to part unless inter
fered with, for in the event of one break
ing the other one would hold. Provision
is made for allowing the hooks a con-;
siderable range of motion to enable them"
to travel comfortably over short curves.
As they face In opposite directions, the
movement which might conceivably pull
one set asunder would only serve to
tighten th© grip of the second set of
hoks. The carriages or wagons are
coupled by pulling a lever from the side
of the car.— Railway Gazette.
A New Automatic Coupler.
PATENT APPLIED FOR.
NUMBERS
OF THE
Honduras National Lottery Co.
(LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY).
Single Number Class "H," Drawn at
Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C. A.,
Saturday, August 8, 1003.
No. Prize. |No. Prize. No. Prize.
41 1« 127 16 139 16
258 16 293 24 492 1«
672 40 651 24 717 24
747 24 800 16 832 10
»6tf 24 071 8000 1007 24
1009 16 1011 24 10CJ3 24
.1052 24| 11*4 16 llStt:.... 24
1202 24| 1239 16 1386 1«
1462 40| 1582 16 1638 10
1937.:... 16| 1903 16 2114 24
2177..:.. 16 22«6 40 2«17 16
2725 16 2757 16 2963 IB
2!»<J5 24 3003 16 3060 24
3218 16 3303..... 24 3482. SO
3614 40 3C49 16 3676 80
S712 24 3830 16 3S87 Vi
4114 16 4126 24 4159 40
425S 16 4321 16 4334 24
4393 16 4404 16 4524 ' 40
459S 24| 47M 12 4837..... 24
4S3S 161 6OO4 l« 8033 SO
5109.'.... 16| 6112...._ 16 6183 24
0214..... 80 5273 24 5313 : 40
Ko3..... 40 5453 16 6454 24
541.S lfi 6625 40 6628 40
57bl 16 6*S!> 16 6023 24
5!m 16 6936 16 6952 16
5M*2...;r 1U| 6050 24 6133 40
6154 40 6230..... 24 6236 1«
6318 24| 6334...., 16 6409 t>0
64!j:: 24 6580 16 683S 24
C722 80 6S42 80 6854 ltt
6887 24 7117 120 7175 16
7256 24 7427 16 7702 1000
7S47 .- .16 8198 16 8233 * 24
S062 24 S59i;.... 40 8693 fcO
8C98 40 8714 16 8762 SO
**17 16 88»8 16 9073 24
«096 SO 9192 40 921S 16
923$ 24 9354 16 9477 40
9715 16| 9732 16 9955 80
909$ 40U0029 16 10072 40
10079 40J10272 16 10349 lt»
10436 40J10618. 40 10606 16
11114 16 11149 24 11130 24
11202 4011401..,.. 1C 116C0 18
11710 16 11873 16 11800 16
11925 24 12067 40 12101 24
12239 24 12318 16 12351 24
123«2..... -24 12369 24 12436 ; 16
12511 40 12536 40 12564 16
12C19 24 12646 4012681 1«
13023 16 1307S 120 13082 40
131C3 16 13203 24 13232 40
13.125 16 13335 16 13346 40
1353.1 24 13626 - 40 13«35 80
13739 120 13744 24 13774 40
13R33 40 ¦
14045 8014072..... 16 14107 80
14113 16 14169. .„. 24 14272 16
14292 16 14346.. 7.. 24 14358 16
14495 24 14618 1614638 19
147SS 40 14S02 16 14836 16
14965 16 15359 24 15366 80
15422 40U5499 16 15529 40
15540 40 15640 16 15659 16
15695 16 15751 120 15004 24
15917 40 16136 24116252 24
16267 24 16420 16I164S4 4O
16«R5 24 16709 S0il6743 24
16752 16 16858 16117001 16
17176 16117235 24I173S8 16
17761 16 17879 40|17886 16
1S331 lfi|lS3$W? 16il8429 16
18481..... 16)18617 40jlS»!58 24
18993 SO,10143 16 19248 24
10288 16 19535 16 19547 1»
19665 24|198«7 16!19SSS 16
19913 24H&965 24120285 24
20413 16i2O«O7 16120752 24
20044 40)20970 16[21195 16
21301 24 21329 16(21362 40
21383 24121448 40I21510 10
21727. ¦.... 40121891 40121990 16
22128 401221S2 24122241 IB
223(K> 24 22335 16:22410 JCOO
22545 16 22734 16122742..... 16
22D65 40123014 16123047 24
23147. 16 23279...,. " 24J233O7 40
23424 16 23687..... 24i24113 80
24138 80 24157.,... 40124248 16
24266...:. 16 24454..... 40 24331 IB
24543.."... 120 24671..... 24124972 24
25099..... 4025133..... • 40i 23260.. ... 18
25490. ;.«. -'¦16123538...... 24J25C08:...; -' 1«
25G23.. 120J25748L....- 24120782 80
25957 16|^ ... | ....
2C014.'. 24(26050 .40 26155..... 1«
2C220....'; . 16126338 102G369 16
2U39C S0126453 40;2«3«4 St»
2CC50..A. " 1 16126740. ;.-»: 16i26747 16
2fi$53.\.-.. • 40 27232 10 27286 24
27292 40 27347 80 274S6 16
27543 40i27757 10 27874! 40
27068..... lii 27997..... . 24 28000.,... 80
2S115 16|283T>2 40 28439 lu
28469..;.'. - 4028522 24 2S534 24
28681 24 287G4 16I2S&C9 1«
28940 24 29055 24129060 lfi
290C6 " 80 20301 16129802 16
29S41 40129940 24 ; 3C020 lfi
30267 16 30332 40;3Q358 1«
3040!) -40 3038T. 24J3(»«17 80
3GS7W..,.. 24'31275 16J31375 16
31440 16J31491 16 31512 16
31322 24131532 16|31600 1G
31630..... -40!3173». .... 4031826 40
31947 40132186 24 32207 300UO
32251..... 16J32232 24 32278 24
32286 16132207 24 32364 1«
324GC 16!324t*8 80132505 40
32r0fi 24J32342 40132633 24
32C3C 24132658 120132742 24
329CO 40-32972 1C
33013 S0I33105 24'33436 16
334 S3 16133512 24!3.~.615 40
33646 16*33938 40133931 16
340SG 24I34100 16134157 16
34214 120134257 16I342SI 16
34360 16 34786 24134900 16
34911 16133119 24 853S3 40
33376 40135414 80435523 80
33643 24J35S79 16135949 40
3C120 16136219 24|3«717 1H
3G7C* 16136820 24i-:eni9 40
37032 40137043 2II37070 40
37076 80137120 .161371*3 40
37217 16137332 24137434 24
37655 16137668 120137590 24
37699 40137751 80137783 IB
37S14 16137838 120)37870 24
378S5 lfil.iSftll 24138067 24
aS098 24138108 24138156 16
38398 24138632 80i3St!73. .... 24
38729 24139120 24*392O0l. . . . . . . ]«
09351 24139332 16139336 80
S94S3 80139578 16139900 . l«
39915 10139987 16*40111 16
401S5 16i4019S 16140241 80
40292 24140387 4014O40B 16
40481 120:40524 40J405CD 400
40746..... 24 I
40735 24140762 16|4CSC6 \ lrt
40»50 1«|40088 40|4101l 120
41050 24*41251 40141293 16
41.178 24 41517 16:41808 16
41818 16141833 80141891 16
41904 120 41965 16|42108 80
42168 K0I4211I7 1G|42O75 lti
42749 16142783 16(42799 16
42S55 24142890 40142948 16
43010..... 24(43231 16 43201 .'.... 80
43372 lli'43377 24 43501 16
43617 . 10(43649 24143703 40
43725 24143795 40143935 24
43992 16 43093 16144096 16
4423» 16 44302 80144360 80
44403 16144428 40144492 IB
44tt»8 24144772 16 44817 -4
45095 16I451S3 80145191 1«
43220 16145333 16145359 40
45432 24 45519 40' 46561 24
45733 24 43736 24145875 16
45S77 24 45049 16'450tia lfi
45986 4OU6375 40146416 40
466OS 16I4C677 40|4fi749 24
46S32 40!4»!8S3 24146916 16
46958 lrt|46970 16
47013 80(47076 80 47136 10
47364 4OJ47537 16*47654 1« ,
47720 40147766 8OI47S40 16
48215 16I4S302 2414S406 16
48421 II'.UsiVnO 24I4S73O...."> lh >
4S916..... 80149102 16140356 400
4933.8 40 49377 16*40383 16
49432 40)49443 24)49484 16
49359 24 49m8 24|49«41 16
49047 24 49S0O..... 161495)08 ]fi
49951 24 49998 24150298 SO
.10350 40130419 1CI3O426.... 24
50W8 24*50714 16'3O71rt 40
50729 16130859 40150881 40
50RS9...*.. fiO!.VS)43 16150075 IB
50091 12O|51147 16131227 tB
51271..... 24151543 4O'51««2 •»*
51757..... 16J51978 16152010 4rt
S2031..... 24152086 24152154 40
52163..... 16152176 • 40132264 40
62272..... 16152368 16152410 24
62C93 lfl!52S0fl 16152811 ->j
52939 1«|329«2 21153005 "4
33040..... 40153227 16 33540 i«
M6B7 40153676.".... *O!S.'»OO «4
.V«»2."t 1«!5395« 40(54208 24
54342 24l.f4.152 4054355 IK
544.59 40*54528 1«I54721 40
.14748. 1BIS48O1..... 40t>
MSfiB 24154885..... 16I340O0 16
55091 4C0155137 JW.V21 1 . . . . . 24
W2«l 40155394 40"53412... . 80
63674 R0IRS723 24155732 40
B5741 16I55S75 4OI539SB ]B
JWiOO2 4015«063 1«!5fi223... . 40
RK325 40156341 24l3ft49O.: ... 40
6A494 24I3C316 1«'5fl«W4.... 40
5«734 , 16I567HI 12O|3«M0... 1«
&W63...... 1«!569fi5 24!R«098.. \a
57000 ,1«!57138..... 16137314 40
57404.,... 16157416 16157430 ifl
.17714 24137721 16157733 IB
37771 1BI5780B I l«!57«30 40
57941. i... 16137946 • so
R80S5 4015*131 T«!3S277.... lfi
58.123 24158444 40i.W4»2. .. . 24
.VS685 24*58877 . 2U5X947 ]fi
SROW 2H59060. 40*39007 . 24
50105 1B.591I7 24139433 IB
R34RS 1613Q833 4rtt«0O43 24
60143..... 1B*BO1«O lK'«01fi7 • i«
?¦0170..... 10IB0228 «O|6nci7f.t... 24
HAB«4 4OIWV534..... 24'«0«41 1«
H1227 l«!fll.1fil SOIfiilitt,. 24
615O4 ' ' 8O|S1S41.;.'.. 1BI«1B7O. ..;. 1«
61572..... 40161762....... I«!fit7fit> 24
B1R07 1«!«202S.....' 1«r«2137...... 24
K2217. 4MS2324 lB'WKW? IB
B2415 24162440.:... 24162324 16
62553..... 16I62622 40I62783..... 18
APPROXIMATION*; PRIZES.
100 numbers from 32137 to 32257. Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $30 000. * 10.
100 numbers from 021 to 1021. Inclusive, bw
ing 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing; the capital prize of ISOOO. 924.
100 numbers from 86378 to 86678. Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of *4C0O. $16.
TERMINAL. PRIZES.
999 numbers ending with 07. b»insr the two
last figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of *.'S0.000. ?8.
999 numbers ending with 71. being the last
two figures of the number drawing the second
capital prize of $S00O, %3.
The subscriber having supervised the sine!*
number drawing, class "H." Honduras Na
tional Lottery Co.. hereby certifies that th*
above are the numbers which were this day
drawn from the 100.000 placed In the wheel
with the prl*es corresponding to them.
Witness my hand at Puerto Cortez, Hondu
ras, C. A., this Saturday. August 8th. 1903.
(Signed) W. S. CABELJ^. Commissioner.
$15,000 FOR $1 00. ONE-HALF OF FIR3T
CAPITAL PRIZE.
* State of New Jersey, County of Hudson.
William L. Boylan of Jersey City, being
duly sworn according to law. on his oath says:
That he is the sole owner of one-half ticket
No. 77323. which drew the first capital prlz*
of $30,000 In the Honduras National Lottery
at the drawing held at Puerto Cortea, Hondu
ras. C. A.. Saturday. July 11th. 1003.
(Signed) WILLIAM L. BOYLAN.
Sworn and subscribed to befor* me, this
20th day of July. 1903.
F. H. SPENGEMAN. Notary Public.
$2000 FOR 50c. ONE-FOCRTH OF 8ECONT>
CAPITAL PRIZE.
State of Indiana, County of Union.
On this 20th day of July. 1003. personally ap
peared before me, a notary public, in and for
the said county and State, Thomas J. Johnson,
who, being duly sworn, upon his oath deposes
and says: That he resides In the town of Lib
erty, State of Indiana, and that he is- the tru«
and bona flde owner of one-quarter ticket No.
63367 of the Honduras National Lottery Com
pany, class "•O" drawing, held on Saturday.
July 11th. 1903. at Puerto Cortez. Honduras.
C. A., and which number drew the second capi
tal prize of $8000. and he received the money
In full.
(Signed) THOMAS X JOHNSON.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 20th
day of July. 1903.
GEO. W. PIONEAC. Notary Public.
$7300 FOR 50 CENTS. ONE-FOCRTH QF
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
Cleveland Ohio. Aug. 4 10O3.— Clinton C.
Cogswell of Meadvllle. Pa., personally ap
peared before me. a notary public In the
State of Ohio, and being duly sworn. ' depoair*
that he purchased one-quarter of ticket No.
77323 issued by the Honduras National Lot
tery Company, for the drawing o? July 11. lfl«1.
held at Puerto Cortez, Honduras, which num
ber won the first capital prize of $30,000.
? Signed) CLINTON C. COGSWELL.
Sworn to before me this 4th day of August.
1003 O. W. 8MALLEY. Notary Public.
$10CO for $1" ONE-HALF OF SECOND CAPI
TAL PRIZE.
State of Pennsylvania. County of Philadel
phia — Be it known that on the day of th# date
hereof before me, a notary public In the ctty
of Philadelphia personally appeared Frank
Parrish of Philadelphia. Pm.. who b«ing duly
sworn according to law. did depose and say :
That he U thr bona fide owner of one- ha If
ticket No. 63367. class "O." of the Honduras
National Lottery Company, the drawing of
which took place at Puerto Cortes. Honduras.
C. A., on Saturday July 11, 1903. and that
said number drew the second capital prize of
$8000 and he received the money In full upon
surrendering the said ticket.
(Stgned) FRANK PARRISH.
821 North Eighteenth street. Philadelphia, Pa.
Sworn and subscribed- to before me this 27th
day of July. A. D. 190(1.
A. HEATON MINNICK. Notary Public.
(Ortglnals of foregoing affidavits held by
president of Honduras Lottery Company, Lou
isiana State Lottery Company). •
An invention for manufacturing gas out
, of chalk has bern tried sn Sussex. Eng
land, with. It Is said, surprising success.
A man of Italian birth named Antonio
: Xovorlni, who has just died at Serajavo.
la Bosnia, at the age of 105,' only last
year, being then 104, cut a new Mt or
teeth.
N*o. Prlie. No. Prtz».t>*o." Prii*.
f2S23 16 62*69 16^2920 2*
62973 80OTO H.KVm V0
K)O57 2463127 1CH3173. . ... 24
K1227 4OR3342 16JR3410. ...". IB
63R«4 40'<tt(570 ir>,63R*tt 1*
63011 ' i«|«4nn 24:»*2r.2. .... tn
642W0 • lrt|*4273 24IH129H 1«
64tl« 4PittMS« HSIS4<522 1«
6+723 24!»M«110 16;64S24 16
64«a« ftfl!«4&S3 18|
65004 24l«.'»tft» 16;«5tSl 4'J
65208 24,«53G4 2t;£tt» Hi
e5TOG 24|«54.*0 24!tf,MK7 24
63511 JM>l«r.r>W> 4ftr>T>K2ti 16
65674 24|«.V:T»7 18J63SS3 IS
C5WM 14!«5Vm 1«;«.V>4+. .... 18
««HMf» 24106150 24:rt«tt»>C 2»
*»?«_ sow4is nt.nman 21
66453 1<3W."O7 24|W5«» 1«
6c"574 16jt>fir.O4 lB!i;t:fi«2. . . .. 2*
fit,730 24 «f.7«W 80|HK7S«) 1«
6«W71 1HJB7200 21
675O.'S l?i»r:r>o.T 24;««75.VI 20<.O
67557 $016772* 24I»-AC92 24
6*119 24<«>817* 16)«933i;.;.. 4O
««:» irt,rts.u» i«t«s90d I2n
BK572..... iel6SSl» 161BS91S 12O
69009 16163216 24IH9241 1«
69272 16!6tV*54 l*694«ft...«. 4l*>
PW552 16!69«.S9 24O7.TJ 21
«97S2 16169S27 1«:»»S3S lri
70125 24(70249 801702*$ l f< »
70375 lrt!7O4«3 1«I7O57« 12<»
70607 24i70fiT>0 80:70714 24
70701..... - 40i70S04 40I7P843 **>
71O33 24(71433 24J714NJ 4l>
715X8...".. 16171522 24)71553 24
72057..... 16172140 $0172469 m
724SM*..... 16172354 16172303 *•>
72G05..... 16J72666 Itf|72»5!M 40
727S8 80<72S2» 24,7293S 1»
73023 24 73042 4Ol7:«558 IK
73091 24 731.T5) 24 ',73190 M
73214..... 4073227 lHi~323l 24>
73278..... 80}7XJ0« 16173397..... 1«&
73463 80 73472 161735.10. ..<• 2*
735*51 16173737 12Oj74T»72 ' 24,
74127 1674231 120 74327 12l>
743fe8..... 24 74471 16i74377 4O
74763..... 80 74790..:.. 167+870 W
75187...;. 40 75258 24i73306 lfi
7552S 12i>|73584 40173619 1«
750«9 80176021 18!76O31 •4O
76O.TS..... 1«|76273 16(762*7 . 16
7W75 40176608 Ifii78«78 2+
76717 24[7682* 40 76901 4O
77029 24 77040 40 77050 1«
770R7 24 77131 24 77403 . IB
774M 24'776SS 1»77723 16
7*025 2417SO23 40178033 1«
78034 16,78179 24|7S249 1«
784S8 S0i7M»2 IK 7»4»7 1R
7*499 4017*351 40I7S632..... 34
79676 161786B5 l*;7S70O Ui
78744..... 16'78755 2479082 1«
79247 8OS0123 1680139 1«
gOlSl 12OJ80232 16l%0342 1«
80448 8080450 24 80641 40
80660 24:S073» 16.S0S23 18
$0802 40 V
81024 401S114S 24|8U09. .... 24.
81264..... 16:81301 4081445 ' 18
81528 24(81577 16 81660 24.
S1R09 40I.H2127 80S2162 1«
82507 ie'«<2«::« 12O1S2673 i«
Jti2ti»« 16 82S00 80S2S2O..... *O
82835 «24!83131 16 83273 4<»
M2S7 16i83372 16 83403 16
83568 16(84216 24!94241 21
84340 401*4483..... 16'S431S *>
84636 16'84740 «)! 84908 4<>
!R5O49 80!85078..... 24; 85232 1*
85256 18I85293 16 S5.IO9 4O
85374. 40185412 16854.S8 1R
85524 2485527 1«' 85338 1«
85544 leiSSMl SO! 85613 IB
83651 16J85686 4085712 1«
85812 40^83827 1685938 4(>
86f»54 8086067 40I8S221 1«
S6224 24'8ei;2S 4C00 86678 16
86691 16186718 24;«677 I * 24
86S69 8OI8fi»42 24.87008 4O
S7163 16187233 120i«7493. .... 2*
875O3 24 !S73O8 «4!S7357 24
87B23 1687H47 1BJS7734 IB
87771 40 878.11 40:87838 40
87860 24187805 16 : 87925 16
878C0 16SS02H 4O,S*0e9 24
88114 80 S8203 24 88300 16
85*554. 16|88A60 40|88870 24
88874 16JS.O18 1«! S89.19 RO
89181 24:89279 16 : 80388 1«
89447 24;S»713 16 89743 4rt
89S91 24 ! 89000 1«!S9941 *»>
90052 249O246..... 16 9O476 24
9C^488 lfllOOTfltt 16.00JWO...., 24
90*597 24 9O745 24 9O7SO 16
90783 40i»0834 16,00072 8O
00974 24!0100O.' . . . . 24191103 lfi
91229 • 40191240 1601440 16
91541 16-9133W 2491H10 16
!» I <:<;<¦> 24 'OlfWS 40-916B7 4«»
191742 24191791 lHjniiOS 4i»
91899 ' 40I91SJ02 l«!9192i> 2»
91950 16!919!»2 l«,92X!a. . ... 21
82333 80 92510'..... 1692627 40
92023 24192956 16.03015 16
03237 lfi'a'XM 24:93288 18
93292 40 633M 16;aT4S2 10
0.J519 ' SO'03t;SO 24 93818 . 1«
9.1834 16:95926 24,94tV4.i. . «. . 4O
94OI9 . 80'940»il 40,:>4C87. . . .." 1«
94209 . ' 40' 04307 8O94.T4S 1«
94493 40'04370 20 MKOT ..'...' 24
03«>06 40'930<TS 16 93C»r...,. 18
95111 16 1(3123 16-193302 18
05467 24,03400 16 93300 10
95364 ' 40i!K>S44... .. 40'9SS23 16
05863 24!038S2 16 O5O.{2 18
ft«040..... 24lO«' > 3K3 16'96:n8..... 40
9«4C6...;. ¦«0:0«U.'«> 16 96339 16
9C347 16:9tt<V'iS 24:96721 8O
90733 2HW972 R0'Sh;9»!>. .. .. 1«
970:11 1697131 24'97299 24
9730.H 16l9739«. .... 24197455..... 24
97D«)7 18197513 24'97662. .... 18
97C92 80(07874 • 80J97917 4«>
9SC0S 40;08137 16 W146 1«
0S2J2 24'9S313 24 '08387 16
9S435 1C.:O8523 24*98583 1«
9S«99 4O'087«t 40*98.804 1«
98819 160.8.878 2498302 21
90019 16l9O21:j 24199474 24
09512 24199700 - 24 99833 16
90893 40|99034 16!
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 14, 1903.
13
RRAL ESTATES— CITY — FOR SALE.
w j "guxnTT 1 ¦"¦.•.'¦
&irt CALIFORNIA ST.
(Savings Union Building.)
LOTS THAT ARE VERY CHEAP.
$1675— I'nion. S. or tunny ride: W. at Brod-
eriik; 2T>xl<iO; cars pass: tine marine view;
jmraly tor building; graded, sewered.
$2r>0O — I'nion. fm Kunnv side, near Scott, on
Mope of hill: _5xlI0; choice location; fine
Furmur.dir;*.
¦ $2r.<V'— NE. corner on Union; 25x100.
$2000— Fllbrrt; .'it :!»xl37:«; cheap; frtreet bi-
tuminized; a splendid lot to improve with
flatF: well located; houws all new on
block; a few steps from cars; marine
view; eaFV tenns.
$20OO- \\>hMer-*t. corner; 2SX1OO; few eteps
from Fillmore and ITnion Ft. cars.
$1500— Western Addition lot: 2:>xi:i7:6: street
bitumlnized and sewered; ready for build-
ing; line marine view; very cheap; close
to cable cars.
J..V>00— Broderick and Union; corner; 44x103;
Eran<l view.
$SK» each, only $1770 for both; north of park:
•2 choice lr>ts>, this Fide of Eighth ave.: 3
lines cars; —raded. sewered and macad-
amized; 2.*ixl20 each: a fine buy for build-
ers; the lots are very deolrable; ! on the
tame avenue lots have just sold for tl&OO
each.
JCT.0 for both— 2 lots. .25x120: nrfrth of the
park: a few «er>s from Fulton or D St.:
the cars run on D *t., and Fulton fronts
the park: well located; fine, marine view;
very cheap; a »«plendid buy.
$1400 each— Sixth ave.. N. of LAke; 2r.xl2O;
very desirable; elevated; looking Into the
Tfesidlo; all street work done; where some
fine residences have been built and others
about to be erected; we can arrange for
eaey payments.
The attention of builders and those looking
for buildinc sites is called to the above de-
Ft-rlrc.l jimpert ie». «» they are all well located
and offered at riar_air.F.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS MA RINK VIEW LOTS.
$77Otj — Green. N. side: a magnificent lot having
a marine view that Is like a panorama;
elevated and sitely; 34:4x137:6; street
hituminized and accepted; between two ,
beautiful colonial style, costly residences. ,
This lot Ik well located, being on the sun-
ny side, and looks down on the Presidio,
and in a fine location for a home. i
$15,5OO — An NE. corner on ValleJo; 62x105; j
the marine view is something grand, over-
looking the Presidio; street work done;
basalt blocks; stone pavements; a sunny
corn«r. .
{ so, 000— 275x137:6; 2 corners; grand view of
the bay; elevated and sltely; fronts on
2 streets; the only very large lot on the
Heljrht*: fine site for a residence.
W. J. GUXX,
530 California Street.
NEW WAREHOUSE
TO LEASE.
EPEAR ST.. NEAR HOWARD.
3000 SQUARE FEET. -
THOMAS MAGEE & EONS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
$20 a MONTH will buy a cosy four-room and
bath cottage: lot 25x114; house- Just finished;
all latest Improvements. OSCAR HEYMAN.
14 Post st.
$7 60 MONTHLY — Four-room cottare on lot
50x125 near San Leandro ; price $850. OS-
CAR HEYMAN. 14 Tost St. -
FOR rale — Bargain; new cozy home; open for
Inspection; owner on premises. S46 Clayton
Ft.; eoutb of Halght.
, f
BUT A HOME; STOP PAYING RENT.
Lock at those five cottages on Predta ave..
west of York St.; take Folsom-st. car; lot
30x150; prices small: terms easy; open from
6 to 7 '30 p. m.: Sunday. 3 to 8 p. m.. or
address owner. WILLIAM MANN. 40 New
Montgomery st.
$1000—2 new flats. 20th and Mission sts.;
will rent for $40 per month.
$1500—2 new flats on Army st., near Mis-
sion. Your friends will loan the balance for
D. COFFIN A CO.. 3303 Mission st.
$1250 — CHOICE lot. within 1 block of Golden
Gate Park; near In: stone sidewalk; street
work done- $S50 bank mortgage can remain.
Address BARGAIN, box 4673. Call office.
FOR sale— House 8 rms. : high basement; sunny
elde 19th. bet. Valencia and Mission f no reas.
offer refused. Stephens & Co..'Unlon-sq. Mkt.
THE best stock, dairy, fruit and grain ranches
in State. MOSSMAN. 850 Market st.
HOUSES from $2000 to $40,000; also other prop-
erty of all kinds. MOSSMAN. 850 Market.
FOB Ealt — Neat cottage; mod. Imps.; same as
rent. Apply SE. cor. Alabama & Montcalm.
REAL ESTATE Conn try— For Sale.
FOR SALE.
Orchard and poultry farm: 49 acres; Sonoma
County: 40 miles from San Francisco.
2000 full-bearing fruit trees; this year's crop
approximately 20,500 lbs cherries, 4000 lbs
Crawford peaches. COOO lbs Bartlett pears. 60UQ
lbs plums. 4000 boxes apples. 3 acres asparagus.
1300 hens, 7 pens fancy fowls, horses. Jersey
cows and heifers.
Large bam, fruit houses, chicken housej,
brooders, incubators, wagons, harness, farming
and orchard outfit complete and modern. .
Dwelling house 11 rooms; fine shade groves,
lawns and garden: abundant water.
This year's net income *40u0; distant resi-
dence of owner compels sale.
L. E. THOMPSON; 452 Parrott Bldg.. S. F.
AJLFALFA land*, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logue sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648
Market st.
$10 000—40 ACRES good healthy vineyard near
Llvermore. EILAF C. WRIGHT. Llvermore.
SrnfHBAX REAt< ESTATE^
PALO ALTO — Keep your eyes on Palo Alto.,
town of the Leland Stanford Jr.
University, Santa Clara County.
California.
P*LO ALTO— $r.4OO— A first-class, paying busi-
ness for sale; steam laundry; sit-
uated close to the businera sec-
tion of the town; Includes a lot
r,0xll2:6 a large corrugated Iron
building, with all the machinery
and appliances that go to make
us i a first-class laundry; this
property is cheap at $7000; PaJo
Alto is a town where this kind
of business will pay better than
any other town In the State. For
further particulars write to J. J.
MORRIS. Palo Alto. Cal.
nOSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
$5000— MODERN borne: 8 rooms and bath:
over half acre of -rounds; shade trees; 30
fnflt trees in bearing; large stable and out-
houses; located in that particular spot In
Kcss Valley that Is free from asthma; 6 min-
utes' walk from Ban Anselmo station. In-
qulre R. R. agent at San Anselmo.
i'oivt nicnMoxp real estate.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts;
mapt. photos, etc. BELL, 417 Parrott bldg.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
CALIFORNIA ranches to exchange for East-
ern property; fre« printed list. MOSSMAN,
850 Market st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL. ESTATE.
JUST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR!
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees: near
train and schools; only $2SS0; lot 75x123.
Nice 6-rocra cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
Tel Grand 14f,l. 1500 Park St., Alameda.
EEE THIS^ — A beautiful home; 6-room cottage;
almost new; epick and span; modern plumb-
ing: fine view-; large lot. with bearing fruit
trees: owner going away: only $3000; just tha
tlsce you are looking for.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
1422 Park St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$1000—1507 PRINCE et., near Santa Fe- R. R.;
Isrge 8-room house; high basement; sta-
ble; cow barn: 7 bouses for chickens; lot
160x135; street work complete; call and
inspect.
W. C. MORAN & CO.,
2131 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
FINE, new, handsome cottages; up to date; all
conveniences; close to cars; large lots; $1560
to $1600; only $200 cash, balance $10 60 per
racnth.
\V. C. MORAN, Lorin station, or .
C. C. EMSLIE, Ashby .tatlon.
AN opportunity seldom met 'with — I have a
new 2-story 7-room house, 4 bedrooms,
equipped with all modern conveniences., gas,
electric lights, etc.; on an improved street;
only 2 blocks from tbe station, which I will
sell to a reliable party on ¦ the • following
terms: $100 cash and the balance in monthly
inttall— lents: whole price $3500.
JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Estate.
Cor. • Rhattuck ave. and Center. Berkeley.
NEW, modern house 1ft rooms, near uhl\'erslty,
for sale or to ryit; $30. Inquire 1011 Addison
St.. Eatt Berkeley.
_jmSC£LJ_Aj\EOrS FOR SALE.
B__L£RS. engine*. _1-hand msch'.nery. ilcIN-
TO. C H & WOLPMAN. 1PS-197 Fremont ft.
A GOOD reaacn to buy <V.amf>n<l*. 'watcher and '
Jrw«:lry from up is that you need only pay a
*m_U weekly payment on all pun-haws-; ai! j
tor-ds delivered on firrt payment. Call and ]
'¦'x—mir.e our roods, even «f you d'-«n't <•«— » to I
*'uy. LIOHTENSTEIN BROS.. S3 Stocktc n. j
DOES VOl'R ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite; in roll* W_y '" !a >" :
nr-e^s no painting or coating; poM over old
irrm. Tin or shingles: bent for new roofs.
K.LAT&RITE ROOFING CO.. TIM jiftrkPt ft. |
A — Fine *uit* $7 HO; drf*! pant?. KM. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. I'M*. Kearny «=t..
r.rar^jBush; cpen to 9 p. m. Sunday tO-OOP.
A— f3 5ft DERBY and fedora nTt^7*l " Pop-
ular Price Hstters. 33ft Kearny St.. near P;ne;
open till 9 p. rn. Sunday to n<vm.
A— BUYS. sell*. o r rents gear marhinery. en-
Ftnes. hollar* water r:p»- «=haft!n*. pulleys,
etc. WIUTELAW. 25.H-2S3 Spear_ft._
TRY our men'* "7fio^s~at"$l pair; ___***¦
fhoes at f2 50; we i»ay Wpresa charges, ll
rt.. Examiner Md.; catalorue^sent free.
flVOND machinery boiler*, engine. Pimps'
wood aad iron working m»rWn»ry bought.
_*"M and rented. H.S.1~Hrr&U(»»lS8 B***ft |
ONK-CHAIR b^othTark Fiand tor fa!"- 250
Sixth Et. .
MOVING fcictures. "magic lantern*. Mie. rental;
bargains. Bullard & Prork. 131 Post ft.
MILES of p'je anfl ftttinp?: all size?. EU- (
GEN'E BILET & PONS. 3^9 Vallejo ft.
MOVING pirture f.lrn and s^r.g slides. 103
Montgomery rt^ '. I
6AFES — New an'1 f>e^<-nd-han<l. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 llaikft «.
AH toitoyimp tools «»?_££?Jft^_5£_!S£
motal beds, mattresf es.J.F.Hwter.. 12 Mission.
Edison phonocraphT. records. ¦«!__!*'l5^__9
picture machine... f.lms. Bacigalupi. 033 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines. autotnoMlas and launches.
• lliixes. J. E. PPAK. 4fi Fremont et.
fc.t-jr-c: New anfl second-hand. THE HER-
MANN t-.»FE <~O.. 417-423 Sacramento tu
A5K for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
rnaies . ALEXAX DKR & CO.. HO Montg'y.
A 'vTEEK'S news for 8 cents — Th« Weekly Call.
1<? race*. In wrarper. for mallinr. tl per year.
MISCELLAXCOIS WANTS.
8 H P. GAS or gasoline engine and pumping
plart complete; cheap for earn. tX>LL"M-
BIA MACHINE WORKS, 203 Main Et.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical poods. 154 Oth gt. : tel. Jessie 2S51.
PEnSOXALS. -
A-FACIAL BLUSHES KEMO\XD. ~~
Wrinkles, yettMF £- r*d flabby ekm. birthmarks,
•rr.ailpcx pittlngs end ecars scientifically re-
moved «1t_out cutting, massage, electricity or
tnefilc'cw special demonstrations this week.
Call or wr!tf PR. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary,
"HOW to earn one hundred dollars in thirty
minute*" 1 ; r.o car.va-»ing. no telling; any-
where In C_!if»->r-ia. Send name and address
to t^ecreta— •-. room 202. Spreckels Annex, San
Francisco.
THE Star H&:r Remedy restores gray hair, Im-
proves it* growth ;Ftcps falling ;cure« dandruff
*>.nd itching scalp; no etain or stickiness;
cleanses «>c*!r:at druggists'. ha!rdref!sers';ac-
cept no substitute. Star Re-]edyCo..3S5G<;ary.
WANTED — 009 raen with scalp diseases; loss
of hair an<J baldness prevented (can treat by
trail blank for stamp); consultation free;
F SO'to 6 Sundays 10 to 12. Prof. GEO. A.
GAPJ/3W. Specialist, room 21 S. W7 Market.
ANNIE HORl. a lady giving treatment to la-
dies for rheumatism, has her office at the
Golden Gate House. 526 Kearny St., room 10;
•he ej^eaks tfcr** laer uages — German, Bohe-
rr.ian and English.
NOT hew Cheap bat how good. Is the motto of
the rcar.ufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard the tcwing-rcachir.e of to-day. J.
. W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. ID yrars' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
corner Butter tt. ; fee moderate.
DANCING Tuesday. TriuTs4ay. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutocla Hall, Howard
tt.. near Ninth; management Prcf. Foster.
AT lees than cost uncalled for suits, cvercoata
ar.d trousers, at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market et.
ELEGANT suits on ea*y installments ; 50 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket St.. between Se\-enth and Eighth.
LIZZIE E. ROGERS having left my home I
will net be responsible for any debt contract-
ed ty her. C. H. ROGERS.
THE highest price paid for ladles' or gents'
'•art-cfr clothing: and all articles of value a.t
VEINBERG'6. 114 A E1IU st. '
£'*ITS to order on Installment*. $1 per week.
Neuhaus & Co.. merch. tailors. 727-723 Market.
ALL style* halriresflr.g. 25c; ha'.r goods; manl-
curtag 25c. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton Et.
TAILOR-MADE euit $7 50; dress pants 12 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and mole* removed by
electric needle. Df.&Mrs.Traven se,1170Market.*
MASQUERADE coFtumes. play books, wig?,
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
Super_uous hair a_d moles removed with elec-
tric needle. Mr*. & Miffs Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
PALM ISTHY.
MilE. DEVAS. scientific palmist a»d astrolo-
gitt. Orflce. 26 Liebes bldg.. 139 Post «t; $1
palm reading a specialty: open Tuesday eve.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
MClij Market el. bet. Sixth and t=»venth.
1JLOOD. ekin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 107:; 1 ? Market st.
P.EMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
treats eil diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason: .now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONQ PO CHT, successor to Dr. Li Po
Tai, herb doctor; cures all diseases of fcurx lan
by use cf herb? end teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous htrb doctor— All <Jls-
e»tfes cured by Chinese herbs. 74B-9 Cley ft
PROPOSALS.
ADVERTISEMENT for bids for eteam-heating
f aad tflstributlng"app_ratus for the University
of California — Notice to contractors, builders
as 3 material men — Notice is bertby given
by the Regents cf the University of Ca Ilfcrnla
to all concerned that sealed proposals or bids
«re solicited on three water-tube boilers,
each tc contain one-half the heating surface
required to furnish cte-ta for one engine, as
outlined below; one vertical cr horizontal
cro«s-cot_pou_£. non-condensing engine, to
b« arranged for direct connection to one 200 \
K. W. alternator, the necessary feed pumps,
feed water heaters, steam separators, traps
and fuel oil burning apparatus complete, ln-
clufilcg all necessary piping, valves and
fittings within the building, and all neces-
sary piping between tanks, etc.. the plant
to be furnished and installed complete at
Berkeley upon foundations furnished by the
university. Also eteam piping for distribu-
tion of steam for heatinc purposes to the
various buildinrs. Said sealed bias or pro-
posals will be received at room 16, South
Hall, st the University grounds, Berkeley.
en or before 3 o'clock p. m. cf the 17th
tiy of August, 1VJ03. And notice Is hereby
further given that clans and specifications
for said construction i.ave been made and
•rtopted aad are placed in the engineering
offices, room 7. 331 Pine rtreet. San Fran-
tlKo. where the same may be teen and ex-
amine, during each day fron \ 0 o'clock a. m.
-• '.: 4 o'clock p. rn. from this date until
the ISth day of August, ld03. No bids or
, proposals will be considered unless the same
are accodiasled bv a certified check or a
bond of eaid proposer equal to «m <10) per
cent of his proposal, with sufficient sureties,
conditioned that If said bid cr proposal shall
b» accepted the party proposing will duly
enter into _ proper contract with the said
Regents to faithfully perform the duty and
rbJljtatlons in accordance with r_id proposal
•nd plans and Fpr-rific-tlons. which shall be
• nd are hereby required to be a part ot such
contract. The right to reject any and all
t\6t Js hereby reserved. This notice is given
purtuafit to er act entitled "An act to
amend «n act entitled 'An «ct to creats
• n<5 organise the University of California,'
.Approved March 25. 1M>. and an act.
emends. tory of section 25 thereof, approved
March _S. 1S72. relating to the construction
of buUd_Cs," approved March 3, 1K»7.. By
order cf the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings cf the Board of Regents. W. A.
McKOWEK. Secretary of the Board of
Regents of the Uuiverslty of California.
FnOPOfcALS— Bl<1» wanted. Notice Is hereby
riven that sealed i»rnjv*Als will foe received
- hy the board of directors of the Veterans'
Hr.nw of California, at its office, room 13. 320
Et.. San Francisco, up to 12 o'clock
in. on Saturday, Aupust 2fl, V.xti, for furnlsh-
lOC End delivering th» materials and furnlfh-
mg* for trie new hospital at the Veterans'
Horn*. Narst County. Oal. rrailroad station
Vour.'\1He. «! f-pet~1f}c«tlon* fr.r above may be .
s*en »nd ert mined «< the offVe of the board
• f director* ><etwe<-n the hour* of 8 a. m. and
Zt p. ib. rack week day. Money for payment
•mi ecntract* will b* available immediately
: efter January I. VM>i. Preferenr* will be
piver, to - f ( is manufactured In this Ftatp.
t-rlce. fitneri sni quality being equal, under
* the p-oviFioW 1 of 8*-rMcn 3247 nf th«» Political
'V^e. The board reserves the right to reject
j-n> 't ell t>ld« and to order any. quantity
< '»r t una«+- th» amour,t specified. Adire**
. .'rillN f. prfEEHAN. Secretary of the Board
• ff Dirertor* f>f the v. :<->-,,n- ' Home of Cali-
. fo^niii. roomtH. T'.20 Sarixome ft.. 8«n Fran.
cifro, Cal. I* order nf the hr.*^ o * directors.
JCIIN F. fcHEEIIAN. Secretary.
Mill Valley Advertisements.
BULL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
TERMS 10 PER CENT CASH,
BALANCE $10 MONTHLY.
Fine larpe lots right at "the station on -raded
streets; beautiful trees, charming views; no
hills to climb; prices very- low; only $8 to
$12 a front foot; will double in value; don't
fail to see them; over go lots sold recently:
money advanced .for building purposes; wend
for illustrated b#oklet» a*tnt on the ground
Sundays. LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery.
OAKLAND ADVEKtlSEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND UICAI, ESTATE.
ALEX. MURDOCK. Chronicle bid-.. San FrarH
Cisco, for Oakland. Berkeley or rural homes.
OAKLAND FURNITURES FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day ifir bargains In furnl-
ture. H. Sehellhaan. HVi st. cor. Btore.Oaklnd
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
GUERRERO, 862. near 21st — Six rooms com-
pletely furnished for housekeeping; 15 min-
utes to Kearny et. by electric car.
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
housekeeping; gas ranges; Just' newly fur-
nlshed. 1S30 Polk st. ¦ ;
HOWARD. 1053— Nice, large front and other
rooms; housekeeping^ -
LEAVENWORTH. 204— Sunny furnished rooms
reasonable. " ' A"jC
McALLISTER, 538— Nicely furnished suite; gas
range; hot bath; laundry; adults; $7.
MISSION, 2024—2 or 3 sunny rooms for house-
keeping. •_
MISSION, 2901A — 3 front rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; also front room for gentleman.
O'FARRELL, 1510 — Very nicely furnished sun-
ny front housekeeping rooms ;, parior floor.
TURK. 810— Nicely furnished, sunny house-
keeping roonjs, single or en suite; reasonable.
VALENCIA. 822 — Two sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; electric light; gas stove; <16.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st
BOOMS for HOUSEKEEPING— Co-ntr-
Housekeeping accommodations,- short time, on
ranch;2 women or man & wife. Box 330"-.Call.
APABTMEMTS TO LET.
"EL MONTEREY," the city's newest apart-
ment hotel, located on the north side ot
Pine 6t., between Hyde and Leavenworth; a
superb brick building of Spanish architec-
ture; all the comforts of housekeeping com-
bined with the conveniences of hotel life; for
(30 per month you can secure here an unfur-
nished 3-room apartment, consisting of large
living-room with gas grate and mantel, bed-
room with bay-window and closet; kitchen
equipped with gas range, built-in china
closet and hot and cold water; bathroom
with toilet and porcelain tub (hot and cold
water); this price also Includes Janitor ser-
vice night and day and night and day ele-
vator service; only ten minutes' walk from
Powell and Market; sea these apartments
to-day.
THE VON NYDACK. 873 Post— Unfurnished
apartments. ot 4 rooms and bath each. In-
cluding Tree Janitor and elevator service;
hot and cold water throughout; steam heat;
ocean water for baths; electricity; a roof
garden and house system of phones; sunny
and modern. For terms apply on premises
or to SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
AA — City Room Renting Agency,
1104 Market St., cor. Turk and Market sts.,
Rooms 3 and 4, Phone Jessie 4471.
FREE FREE
We locate you free of charge
In Rooms with or without board,
Housekeeping Rooms or Hotels.
A— BRUNSWICK House, ' 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $3 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms, 25c. 60c. $1, 51 50 right;
|1 60 to $10 we^k; house open all night.
ANTLERS, 415 Turk st. — Strictly modern: 4-5
room apartments; fur. or unfur. for hskpg.
BURNETT. 1428 Market — (old No. 1364)— Fur"
nished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly:
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
1 FOLSOM. 875 — One. large, sunny front room.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 50c
to $1 CO night; $2 to. $8 week; reading-room.
HOTEL GRAYSTONE
66 Geary st.; phone Uus'i 880.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished suites, with baths and singles.
HYDE. 810. near Sutter — Large furnished room;
JU a month.
¦ MINNA. 545 — Sunny front room for 1 or 2
gentlemen or ll_ht housekeeping.
MODEL House — Unfurnished front housekeep-
ing rms. 1206 Stockton; $5. $12; gas; bath.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; dayj week, mo.
POST, 1064 — New and elegantly furnished
rooms. In suites or xingle; -as, electric lights
and hot bath; something fine.
THE MANHEIM. 682 Sutter st.. bet. Mason
and Taylor, opp. Golden Gate Hall — New
house newly furnished, opened July 20, 1903;
electric lighting; private phone; open plumb-
Ing; sunny rooms; direct car to ferry. Cliff
House and perk.
UNITED STATES. .123 Eddy St., near Market
— 400 single and family rooms; 35c to Jl
night; SI 73 to $6 week ;. elevator ; electric
lights: reading-room; free bus and baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
25c to ?1 50 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
— —^ m^ mm^^ mm — —^ — — — ~^
52!? MS AXD noAUD «
AMOY. THE 001 DEVISADERO ST.
Strictly first-class family hotel; sunny rooms,
Eulte or single; billiards; steam heat.
OLD Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church,
with annex, 807 California st. — Attractive ln-
terior; exceptional table; free bllllard-room.
ROOM and board given cheap. 548 Howard st.
ROOMS AND BOARD WASTED.
ROOM and board in refined Catholic family;
state terms. Box 3331. Call office.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH, DEAFNESifand NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat,
ment free. Dr. Cottingham. 204 Sutter st.
¦ STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A,— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725^
731 Howard st. near Third; phone Grant 161.
PI ERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flce Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prtv. Ex. 671.
HOUSEHOLD goods and bric-a-brac packed for
storage or shipment., Call or address S70 Fell.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made- 810
Mission st.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehtuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
st.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE System School, Van Ness and
" Market; positive cure for all. Don't delay.
TYPEWRITERSJIXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better" machines for less money than ?ny
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 Callfornla;telephone Main 268.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. &. M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st. : ' >
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 209 Sansome.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
[OFFICIAL] Department of 8tate, Washing^
ton. D. C..- Aug.' 8. 1903.— Information hns
been received at this department from
Mr. H. A. GUDGER, the. Consul 'General
of the United States at Panama. Colombia,
of the death on the 11th of July. 1003, st
Panama, of RICHARD T. BLAIKIE. The
legal representatives of the deceased can ob.
tain further information by applying to this
• department. Per dispatch No. 435. Dated
July 20, 1903. '
[OFFICIAL.] Department of State. Washing,
ton, D.. <-.. Aug. 8, l»03.— Information has
- been received at this department from
Mr. GEORGE H. MOULTON. . the Consul
of the .United States at Demerara. British
Oulana. of the death on the 29th of June.
HK«, «t Paramaribo, Dutch Guiana, of
THOMAS DAVIS. The legal representatives
of the deceased can obtain further Informa-
tion by applying to this department. Per
dispatch NO. 62. Dated July 10. 1003.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
OImXsPR ECKELS building, 927 Market «t .—
Olflc* to let; rent $15; light, heat. Janitor aad
telephone. ASHTON & GARDINER.
STORE to let with steam connections. 812
Front st. - »
PAPER HANGING. PAIXT1XG, ETC.
ROOMS papered. $3 50 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co., 319 3d St.; tel. Main 113
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
¦The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday :
William H. Cass, 2S. Toronto, Canada, and
Eirtma Mamlock. 22, 1627 Turk street.
John C. Gortze, 26, 745 Howard street, and
Emma M. Peck, J6, 745 Howard street.
Harry R Gilbert, 26, Folsom, and Sadie
Wallace. 29. Placervllle. -
; BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. v
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
JARMAN— In this city, August 6, 1903, to the
wife of Charles P. Jarman. a daughter.
THEDENS— August 8. 1003. to the wife of
George 'fl^fdens. a daughter.
WATERS— In Hanford. August 8, 1003, to the
wife of F. q. Waters, a daughter. .
MARRIED.
BURNS— DUTCHER— In this city, August 12.
1»<)3, by the Rev. Frederick A. Doane,
George H. Burns and Rena May Dutcher,
both of San Francisco.
CAMPBELL—HUTTON— In Mountain View,
Mendocino County. August 9, 1903. by the
Rev. Duncan Munro, Samuel B. Campbell
and Margaret R. Hutton.
DIED.
Allen. Katherlne Jensen. Laurence
Arnold. Joseph McGlr.n. Cella
Chambers, Mary McMullin, Augusta
Chambers, Tha*. J. A. Mack. John A.
Conroy. William J. Mullen. Michael
Crystell. George Oehlman, Henrietta
De Losa. Anna Pederson. Walter H.
Dibert. Wayne S. Qu'un. Annie
Donovan. Dennli Raymond, Wm. P.
Dunn, Michael T. Sayer, Catherine
Eberle. Walburg.i Selig. Sellyman
Ewing, Ann Smith. Rosalie
Fennessey, Johanna Sohl, Elsabe
Flynn, Michael Sutton. Mary C.
Fuller. Elmer L. Talbot. Henry .
Gaurraud. Alexander Waters (Infant)
Gorevan. Mary Webster. Caroline
Graham, John W!ebusch, Henry
Jacobs, Solomon Wright, Bert
ALLEN— In this city, August 11. 1903, Kath-
erine, beloved mother of William O., T. F.,
Freddie C. and the late Charles Allen, a na-
tive of Ottawa, Canada, aged 64 years 6
months and 23 days.
IE~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday. August 14. 1903. at 10 o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel of the Oolden Gate Un-
dertaking Company, 2J75 Mission street, near
Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by electric funeral car from coi-
ner of Eighteenth and Guerrero street* at
10:30 o'clock. ¦"¦¦
ARNOLD— In this city, August 12, 1003, Jo-
seph Arnold, beloved husband of Jane'Ar-'
nold,' and uncle of Joseph J. Arnold, a na-
tive of Swltteriand, aged 68 years 2 months
and 11 days.
tEyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday, ;
August 14, 1003, at 2 o'clock, from his late
residence, 165 San Carlos avenue, under the
auspices of San Francisco Gruetll Verein.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
CHAMBERS— Entered Into rest. In this city.
August 12, 11KI3, at her residence, 22 Lib-
erty street, Mary, beloved wife of Thomas
Chambers, and mother of James Stevens,
May Constance and Katherine Chambers, a
native of County Kildare. Ireland. .
II_rFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 22 Liberty street, thence to St.
James Church, corner Twenty-third and
Guerrero streets, where services will be held,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. .
CHAMBERS— In this city. August 13. 1905,
Thomas J. A. 1 ; son of Carrie M. Chambers
and brother of:J. Xloyd Chambers, a native
of San Francisco, aged 41 years.-
CQNROY— In this city. August 11, 1003. Wil-
liam J., beloved son cf Margaret and the
' late Michael ¦ Conroy. and "brother of James,
John, Richard M. and the late Daniel Con-
. . roy, a native of New York, aged 45 years.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
at 9:15 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mis-
sion street, thence to St. Patrick's Church,
where a requiem mass -will be "celebrated
for the repose -of hls-aowl.- commenct— - at ;
- 9:80 o'clock. Interment- Holy. Cross Ceme-
tery. | ¦['.'.
CRYSTELL- In this city, August 12. 1903.
George Crystell, a native of Germany, aged
61 years 9 months and. 12 days.
DE LOSA— In this city, August 11. 1903, Anna
de Losa, dearly beloved wife of Francesco
de Losa. beloved mother of Frank. 'Mlele,
Nicholas, Estelle, -.Josephine, Rosle, Joseph,
Anfone and Charlotte de Losa, beloved
daughter of Josephine Blancht, sister of
Ignatlua Matzer, aunt -of Frances' Morallto,
Frances Ferrari and Charlotte Gatto, and
slxtfr-ln-law of Mrs. Matzer and Mrs. Mar-
¦ sala, a native of Palermo, Italy, need 39'
years 1 month and 11 days.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, August 15, 1903, at 1 o'clock, at
her late residence, 518 Union street, between
Stockton and Dupont. Interment Italian
Cemetery.
DIBERT— In this city; August 10, 1003, Wayne
Sylvester, dearly beloved son of Lloyd C.
and Maiy V. Dibert, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 7 years 2 months and 7 days.
DONOVAN— In this city, August 13, 1903.
Dennis Donovan, a native of Ireland, aged
U6 years.
DUNN — In this city, entered Into rest, August
11, 1003. In his tittth year. Michael Thomas,
dearly beloved husband of Margaret Dunn.
Idolized father of Mrs. R. G. Johnson, and
devoted stepfather of Mrs. S. W. Griffith*
and J. F. and J. M. Logan, a native ot
County Longford, Ireland. (Brooklyn and
Philadelphia papers please copy.)
B_TThe funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), from St. Paul's Church, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the renose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Friends and acquaintances are re-
spectfully invited to attend the mass. .In*
terment private. In Holy Cross Cemetery.
EBERLE— In this city. August 11, 1903, Wal-
burga Eberle, beloved wife of the late Aloyes
Eberle, and beloved mother of Mrs. August
Maritzen. Anton Eberle, Mrs. John Jopp
and Peter Eberle. a native of Baden, Ger-
many, aged 63 years 3 months and 3 days.
A member cf the Third Order of St. Fran-
cis and Chrlstllcke Mutter Verein of St.
Boniface's Church.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. John Jopd, 825
Bryant street, between Sixth and Seventh,
thence to St. Boniface's Church. Golden Gate
avenue, near Jones street, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SWING — In this city, August 13, 1003. Ann,
beloved wife of John Ewing. and mother of
John. Daniel. Katie. Robert and James and
the Ute Annie Ewing. a native of County
Antrim, Ireland.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
at »:15 o'clock,- from her late residence; 814
McAllister atreat, thence to St. Mary's Cathe.
dral. There will be a solemn requiem mass
for the repose of her soul Monday, at U:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FENNESSEY— An anniversary requiem high
mass will b« celebrated. In St. Peter"e
Church Friday. August 14, at 0 o'clock, for
the repose of the soul of the late Johanna
Fennessey. Friends and acquaintances are
respectfully requested to be present. . »
FLYNN — In the ' City and County Hospital,
August 12, 1&03, Michael Flynn. a native of
Pennsylvania, aged 29 years.
FULLER— In this city, August 13, 1003, Elmer
Lelon," beloved son . of £.. W. and Bertha
Neff. a native of Iowa, aged 0 years 10
months and 13 days.
GAURRAUD— In this .city, August 13/" 1903,
Alexander J. V'., beloved son of Justine Das-
tugue. brother of the late Gabriel Gaurraud
and George Dastugue,. grandson of Mrs. A.
Cau. and cousin of Charles, Adolph and Jus-
tin Herrgott and Mrs. Harklns; a native of
Kan Francisco, aged 41 years 1 month and «
days. .... , (
GORE-VAN— In- this city. August 13, 1303.
Mary, dearly beloved wife of the late James
Gorevan." and loving mother of James, EIU,
Anna and Agnes Gorevan, Mrs. Louis Vin-
cent and the late Theresa. John, William
'and Joseph ' Gorevan. a native of Kings
County, Ireland, aged 70 years 7 months and
8 flays.
[CT Notice of funeral hereafter.
GRAHAM— In this city, August, 11, 1003, John
I Graham, a native of Missouri, aged 62 years.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. ' Mgr. ¦ '¦
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED^UNDERTAKBRS.
1 — Funeral ) Directors and Embalmers — ;
Formerly in • Metropolitan Temple.
v Now nt S6tf MISSION. - Tel. South 167.
' Between Fourth and Fifth. Near Fifth st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
I James McGinn. .-' . ' ' Henry. Uansen. I
- JAMES McGINN ft CO.. I
Formerly With McGinn Bros,. I
— — Funeral *- Directors and Embalmers — —I
214 Eddy at.; T«l. South 676. I
JACOBS— In this city. August 12, 1903. Solo-
mon, ¦ beloved - husband of Pauline Jacobs,
and father of Mrs. I. Goodman, Mrs. J. Her-
man and JoSteDh Myer, Charles S., George
T.. Frank P. and William F. Jacobi, a na-
tive of Poland, aged 71 years. • •
E~" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
¦ to-day (Friday), at 1:15 o'clock, at his late
residence, .'{Oft Van Ness avenue. Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery-
THE members of Congregation -Sherith Israel
are requested to attend the obsequies over
the remains of our late highly esteemed
member, Solomon Jacobs, at 1:15 o'clock,
to-day (Friday), at 309 Van. Ness avenue.
CHARLES HARRIS, President.
-ALEXANDER L. BADT. Secretary. ¦ -
OFFICERS and member* of the First Hebrew
Benevolent Society— You are respectfully re-
quested to attend' the funeral of our late
member, S. Jacobs, at 1:15 o'clock, August
14, from his late residence, 309 Van Ness
avenue. By order of
LKVI 'SHILLING. President.
S. ZEKIND. Secretary. I
JENSEN— In this city. August 13. 1903, Lau-
rence, beloved husband ot Mary Jensen, and
father of Norroa I., Alma and Myrtle Jen-
sen, a native of San Francisco, aged 37
years and 3 days;
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. August 1«. 1903. at 1:30 o'clock, at
the chapel of Charles H. J. Truman & Co..
1900 Mission street, between Fifteenth .and
Sixteenth. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery.
McGINN— In the City and County Hospital,
August 12, 1903. Cella McGinn.
McMULLIN— In this city, August 12, 1003,
Augusta R., beloved mother of George J. C.
and H. F. McMullln. a native of St. Stephen.
New Brunswick.
E~"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
< Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Bunker A- Lunt. 2666 Mission street,
between Twenty-second and Tweaty-thlra,
Mtealon Masonic Temple. Cremation Odd
Fellows' Cemetery-
MACK— In this city, August 12, 1003, John
August Mack, beloved husband of Christina
Mack, brother of Albert Mack, -and step-
father of Emll Schmidt, aged 83 years and
10 days. (Tuolumne County and Inyo County
papers please copy.) ¦ ¦
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the runeral services
Saturday, August 15. 1003. at 10 o'clock, at
the Old People's Home, corner Pierce and
Pine streets. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. Please omit flowers.
MULLEN— In this city, August 11, 1903, Mich-
ael Mullen, a native of County Tyrone, Ire-
land, aged 60 years. A member of Riggers'
and Stevedores' Union Association, Local
222, I. L. M. and T. A.
(T^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor St Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
at 0 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
OEHLMAN— In this city, August 12, 1P03,
Henrietta Oehlman. beloved mother of Mrs.
Maria Smith and Richard and Otto Oehlman.
a native of Germany, aged 79 years 2 months
and 27 days. Honorary member of Ladles'
Aid Society of German Evangelical Lutheran
St. John'a Church.
ICT" Funeral Saturday, August 15, at 1:80
o'clock, from German ¦ Evangelical Lutheran
St. John's Church. Twenty-second street, be-
tween Capp and Howard. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, private, by electric funeral
car from corntr of Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets, at 2 o'clock. Remains at the par-
lors of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
PEDERSON— In Oakland. August 13. 1903.
Walter H. B.. beloved son of Magnus and
Anna Pederson, and brother of Peter, Har-
old. Arnold and Bertha Pederson, a. native
of Napa, aged 4 years and 17 days.
QUINN— In this city, August 12. 1903, Annie
Qulnn, a native of County Roscommon, ¦ Ire-
land, aged 73 years and 7 months.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances aw respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlon of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 2:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
RAYMOND— In San Jose, August 11, 1903.
William P., husband of Cornelia Raymond,
father of Jessie R. Keating, Cornelia S.
Pierce and Bertha G. Fox. and brother of the
• late J. P. Raymond, a native of New Hamp-
shire, aged 74 years.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend - the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock." from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Mount Moriah Lodge
No. 44, F. and A. M. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. - .
SAYER— In this city, Robert 12. 1903.' Cath-
erine Sayer. a native of Tasmania, aged 52
years 2 months and 13 days. .. -•-,-
SELIG — In this city. August 12. 1903, Selig-
man. beloved husband of Mary Sell-, and
father of Rosetta, Hattie, Belle, Kussie R-,
Sylvan and -Vlola-'Sellg, ~a : native of Ger-.
many, aged C8 years.' ••" "'"¦ % ' r^' ¦'>:<''" s ;
IC7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, August 14, 1903, at 9:30 o'clock, at
.-hU late residence, 1641 -Sutter -street; ¦ In-j
terment Home of Peace- Cemetery, by 11.
: o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. •..',....
SMITH— In this city. August 12. 1903, Rosa-
He Smith ; (nee Blancbard), dearly beloveci
wife of Thomas R. Smith, and sister of
Emanuel Blancbard, a native of San Diego,
Cal "aged 10 years and 25 days. -
ICyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited- to attend the funeral ¦ cervices
to-day (Friday), at 9 o'clock, at 707% Green
atreet, near Powell. Interment Holy Cross
¦ Cemetery.- ¦ . • ¦. <.
SOHL— In this city, August 12, 1903, at her
residence, ?24 Falcon avenue, near Eight-
eenth street, Elsabe, dearly beloved wife of
John Sohl, and devoted mother of Mrs.
James Jenkins, Mrs. Henry Lackmann and
John Pohl, a native of Holstein, Germany,
aged ' 53 years.
B_r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
£ fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theo. Dlerks. 957 Mission street, thence by
electric funeral car leaving Eighteenth ami
Guerrero streets at 2 o'clock to Mount Olivet
Cemetery for Interment.
SUTTON — In Oakland, August 12. 1003. Mary
Camden Button, mother of Charles Sutton.
and grandmother of Lester Sarle, a native
of England, aged 73 years 0 months and 17
days.
|E7"Friendst and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at the chapel
of Oakland Crematory. Please omit flowers.
TALBOT— In this city, August '11; 1903. Henry
Talbot, beioved son of the late Alexander
and Bridget Talbot. and brother of Mrs. G.
Crlpps, Mrs. J. McLane and Mrs. G. Sulli-
van a native of San Francisco, aged 58
years 11 months and 24 days.
(CTRemalns at the parlors of the United
Undertaker*. 86t! Mission street, between
Fourth and Fifth.
WATERS — In Hanford. August 9. 19(rt. Infant
daughter of F. G. and Dora M. Waters.
WEBSTER — In Alameda, August 13, 19O),
Caroline Webster, beloved wife of the late
J. N. Webster, and stepgrandmother of Mr..
George Sturtevant of Pearl street and Mrs.
A. Clement of Morton street, Alameda, a
native of New York, aged 78 years.
WIEBUSCH — In thia city, August 12, 1003,
' Henry beloved husband of Anna Wlebusch,
and father of Annie, Henrietta, Henry, Clam
and Frankie Wlebusch, a native of Ger-
many, a_cl 61 years 8 months and 7 days.
A member of Verein Elntracht.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 421 Brannan street, between Third
and Fourth, and thence by carriages to Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery fflr Interment.
WRIGHT— In the City and County Hospital.
August 11. 1U03. Bert Wright, a native of
Ohio, aged 25 years.Prohibition Alliance Hears Reports
on Progress of Its Work
in Community.
DECLARES TEMPERANCE
MOVEMENT IS GROWING
Society women'* pictures In the WasD every
week. Out to-day. ' / •
George Bellinger of 1129 Dupont street
secured an alternative" writ of mandate
from Judge Kerrigan yesterday , prevent
ing Chiei Wittman from entering his place.
The writ is returnable before Judge
Troutt.next Friday. Bellinger : bases his
petition on the judgment declaring the
police trespassers given by Judge Cook.
Bellinger Gets New Writ.
The Union Trust Company- applied to
the -Superior Court yesterday for letters
of guardianship • over Russell Hearst
Wright, son of the late Hiram D. Wright.
a similar application was made by the
boy's mother. " who • Is now Mrs. Ida K.
Hyle. With the mother's application was
filed a written request from young Wright
that she be appointed his guardian.
File Rival Petitions.
Pioneer Woman Passes Away.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 13.-Mrs. Caroline
Webster died this morning at her home
on Versailles avenue, near Encihal ave
nue, aged 82 years. She came to Alameda
more than "forty years ago vith her hus
bsyid, the late J. N. Webster, who was a
distant relative of the statesman, Daniel
Webster. Deceased leaves a valuable es
tate, including considerable realty in this
•city. . ,
County Pays for Funeral.
OAKLAND, Aug. 13.— The body of Hal
M. tVilliams, late chief steward of the
steamship Algoa, was interred to-day in
the potter's field at county expense, be
cause the widowed bride of two days, Mrs.
Wilhelmlna Schroeder-Williams. declared
she" had not the means with which to
meet the cost of other burial.
Charged With Robbery.
Joe Luporini was. booked at the City
Prison yesterday afternoon by Policeman
Matheson on a charge of ' robbery. He
has been identified as one of the men who
held up. Walter Young, a dog trainer, Uv
lng at 726. Green street, early • Tuesday
morning at Green and Mason streets.
Two other men were arrested, but Young
could not identify them. - . S , >
Is almost constantly irritated by wind
and mineral laden dust. Inflammation,
redness, itching and burning, .followed
by granulated eyelids, are the I results.
MURINE EYE REMEDY gives quick
relief.. Doesn't smart; soothes eye pain.
Makes weak eyes strong. Your druggist
or optician sell Murine at 50c •
The San Francisco Eye
W. M. Duvall, a painter, secured a war
rant from Police Judge Cabaniss yester
day for the arrest of D. M. Pidge on a
charge of obtaining property by false pre
tengfle. Duvall alleges that he was anx
ious to sell his shop at 25 Geary street
and Pidge bought him out, transferring
to him In payment a debt of $200, which
he alleged a friend owed him. Pidge took
possession of the shop and- Duvall called
upon Pidge' s friend for the $200/ but the
friend said he did not owe Pidge a cent.
Pidge refuses to Rive up possession of the
shop, hence the warrant.
Wants His Shop Back.
Veteran Fireman Injured.
Thomas Brady, a veteran fireman, re
elding at 1038 Folsom street, fell down a
flight of stairs in the Pioneer building
yesterday afternoon and received injuries
that may result in his death. He was
taken to the Central Emergency Hospital,
where an examination by Dr. Armlstead
showed that Brady had probably sus
tained a fractured skull and that his right
6houlder blade and collar bone and a rib
were broken.
Professor Storey Returns to Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Aug. 13.—
Thomas Andrew Storey, assistant pro
fessor of hygiene, returned to the univer
sity to-day after a year's absence; in the
East. Professor Storey left Stanford last
summer for the purpose of conducting
some special studies in the universities of
the Atlantic coast. He will resume his
place in the department of hygiene and
will again take. charge of the gymnasium
work. ¦ ?v* X-<f-.-'s ? ?
Horsethief Is Sent to Penitentiary.
SANTA ROSA. Aug. 13.— James O'Leary,
who represented himself as a 'cousin of
Sheriff Frank P. Grace and obtained a
horse and buggy from. Liveryman Mc-
Christian of Sebast,opol and sold It in
Petaluma. was sentenced to-day to
eighteen months' ; imprisonment In Fol
som. Sentence was passed by Judge 'Em
met. Sea well, it being hlsjirst since his
accession to ' the Superior bench in Janu
ary last. • • ¦ •
Miller • Secures a Principalship.
SAN JOSE, "Aug. W— Henry E. Miller,
who gained considerable prominence be
cause of :hl8 fight to secure a diploma at
the State Normal School, has been elected
principal-. of the" public schools; at Yuma,'
Ariz. Ho will- begin his duties September
21 at a salary of $125 per month. /Miller's
fight for a diploma' attracted the attention
of the entire State. •
Attempts ; to ''• Kill the ; Engineer.
SEATTLE. Aug. 13.--Robert Howard.'
first! assistant engineer, of the steamer
Arrow/which recently came; to Seattle
from Portland, was almost; murdered this
morning by Edward Dodge/ the head cook
of .' the boat.' Dodge threw a* large cleaver
at, Howard. The .cleaver; struck Howard
in' the side and cut a deep gash. Dodge
was arrested.- •
Divorces were granted to Pauline E.
Bender from Joseph S. Bender for deser
tion, T. L. Price from Maybelle Price
for desertion, Walter A. Wilklns ¦ from
Dora H. WUklns for cruelty, 'Marie Bau
meister from H. Baumeister for cruelty
and Rebecca Trapp from Edwin B. Trapp
for desertion. /
Suits for divorce were also filed by Sher
rard G. Harris against Frances M. Har
ris for desertion, Rose Etta Case against
Frederick Case for neglect, Lena G.
Roche against William R. Roche for de
sertion, Annie L. Carlson against Alfred
Carlson for neglect, Mary A. Pollard
against Stephen S. -Pollard for desertion,
Elsie M. Lawrence against George W.
Lawrence for neglect, R. L. Dlxon against
James P. Dlxon for neglect and John O.
Johansen against Theresa Johansen for
cruelty.
Because, alleges Florinda Clare in ,a
suit filed by her yesterday against Henry
J. OJare. he was once arrested at Van
couver, B. C, for pursuing the tactics of
a "Peeping Tom" she wants a divorce.
She said the arrest caused her the keen
est menta! torture and humiliation and
has so affected her that she finds it Im
possible to longer live with him.
HUSBAND'S ACTIONS CAUSE
WIFE TO BE HUMILIATED
Florinda Clare Alleges Arrest of
Spouse as "Feeping Tom" as
Ground for Divorce. ¦
Fake Fobtracers Again Remanded.
The cases of Bert Campbell, C. C. Lee,
D. E. Fletcher, C. A. Heuston, John S.
Moore and Ira Peurl . Wllkerson were
transferred on Wednesday from Judgo
Dunne's court to Judge Cook's court and
yesterday Judge Cook heard the argu
ments on an application for a writ of
habeas corpus for the release of the de
fandants. other than Wllkerson, who .is
out on bonds. The Judge denied the writ
and remanded the defendants into the
custody of the Sheriff. He agreed to re
duce the bonds of Campbell, Lee and
Fletcher from $5000 to $2500 each, and
Houston and Moore's bonds from $5000 to
$1250 each. The defendants will' be ar
raigned on Monday. They are accused
of having tricked Hermann Grunnauer
out of $2500 in Golden Gate Park on the
afternoon of June 13.
The unworthy husband, realizing his po
sition, retreated to an outbound Market
street car. while his fair companion dis
appeared In the crowd, leaving the victor
and her child to proceed peacefully upon
their journey.
The crowd which gathers during the
noon hour at the junction of Third and
Market streets to ,watch the building of
the triumphal arch yesterday saw an in
jured wife wreak vengeance on a derelict
spouse and his fair companion.
A well dressed man of gentlemanly ap
pearance, who is alleged to be Charles
Wagner, better known among his friends
as "the German Count," with a fair com
panion resting on his arm, was proceed
ing leisurely up»Market street. The couple
were engrossed with the noisy and excit
ing scene about them. On arriving directly
in front of the Claus Spreckcls building
they w£re suddenly confronted by the
man's wife, who was accompanied by her
5-year-old daughter.
But few words were spoken when the
angered wife attacked her fair rival, and,
dealing her a stinging blow with her fist,
felled her to the sidewalk. Feeling that
her vengeance were not as yet complete,
the wife, reaching forward, entwined her
fingers in the front locks of the fair one,
made a sudden jerk and held triumph
antly aloft a quantity of store hair.
Turning suddenly upon the surprised
husband the wlft began pummeling him,
to the great enjoyment of the onlookers.
who cheered the plucky woman on to vic
tory.
It's well enough to learn to say no, but
a girl will remain an old maid unless she
says yes at least once In her life.
Bank Stock paper does not tire the eyes; it Is
made for relief to the sight. AH dealers sell It*
Lively Scene Is Enacted
Beneath Triumphal-
Arch.
Ida Johnson, a comely Swedish girl,
who was married to John Robert Mel
burn, sometimes known as John Ander
son Malmberg, November 20, 1901, filed
a suit vesterday for the annulment of
the marriage. She alleges that Melburn
has a wife in Sweden from whom he
never was divorced, and of whose exist
ence she did not know until recently.
Says He Left Wife in Sweden.
Mother Loses Her Son.
When Mrs. Louisa Gremmler of Grand
Island. Nebr., arrived here last evening
to visit her son. Conrad Gremmler. she
found that he had left the city and that
no trace of him could be found. Accord-
Ing to the mother her son has been a
resident of San Francisco for the last
twenty years and at one time kept a
saloon on Clementina street. The last
she heard of him was when he resided at
402 Hampshire street and the police found
that a man of that name had resided at
513 Potrero avenue.
Tony Joseph and Frank McDermott
were convicted by Police Judge Conlan
yesterday on a charge of battery and
were ordered into custody to appear for
rentence this morning. The defendants
and several other young men were abus
ing a Chinese on the boat coming from
Oakland on Sunday evening, August 2.
and Edwin Orrett, bookkeeper In the pur
chasing department of the Southern Pa
cific Company, interfered to protect the
Chinese. When Orrett got off the boat
the crowd followed him and attacked him
at East and Market streets and beat him
f-o brutally that he was unable to appear
in court to testify until yesterday.
Brutally Beaten by a Crowd.
The Tschaikowsky suite will on this
occasion be heard for the first time in
San Francisco. .'
The membership of the society has in
creased largely during the last week and
the names on the subscription list guar
antee a large social as well as musical
gathering tor this afternoon. The con
cert Is scheduled fer 3:15 sharp.
The rehearsals of the last few days
promise for tills afternoon an excellent
concert. The changes made in the pro
gramme leave it as follows;
Overture, "Flngal's Cave" (Felix Mendels
sohn Bartholdy); Symphony No. 2. C major, op.
til (Robert Schumann); "Peer Gynt." op. 46
(Edvard Grieg): Suite No. 1. op. 43 (Peter
Tschaikowsky) ; "Tannhauser Overture" (Rich
ard Wagner).
The musical season, 1903-04, opens splen
didly this afternoon at the Grand Opera
\house with the initial concert of the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra. Sixty
five picked musicians will be conducted
by Fritz Scheel, who during the last few
years has established for himself such
an enviable reputation that he 13 now
recognized by critics and musicians as
one of the great symphony conductors of
the day. y ;
INJURED WIFE
GETS REVENGE
midnight Wednesday. Deceased
was 71 years of age and death was due to
heart trouble.
At the death bed all the sons and
daughters of the well known and respect
ed man were assembled. The end came
peacefully. His sons, Joseph, Meyer,
Charles 8., George T., Frank P. and Wil
liam F-, and daughters, Mrs. I. Good
man and Mrs. I. Heyman, enjoy an ex
tensive circle of friends and are all heart
broken at the loss of their parent. Only
one year ago 'Mr. and Mrs. Jacobs cele
brated their golden wedding.
Mr. Jacobs was widely known in the
business community as a man of sterling
integrity and was beloved by all who
knew him. He was truly a noble and
generous friend. A .striking characteris
tic of his life was his extreme devotion to
his wife and family. The funeral ar
rangements have been completed and it
has been decided to hold the services at
the family residence at 12:30 to-day.
OLOMON JACOBS, a resident of
(C^ this city since 1S51 and a retired
merchant, expired at his home at
> >' 309 Van Ness avenue shortly before
Father Yorke is honorary chairman of
the committee. He is assisted by Hugh
Hogan, chairman of the general commit
tee; M. J. Keller, vice president; M. A.
Mclnnis, secretary; James Kenna. John
Ellis, Frank Garcia, Dennis S. Dimond,
J. J. Roseborough, A. J. Roseborough.
Thomas E. Kane, P. Mahoney and Wil
liam Shephard.
organization.
There will be dancing on a specially
erected platform by the members of the
Gaelic Dancing Club of . this city and
Oakland. The members of the Gaelic
League will give exhibitions of hurling
and football. Six thousand tickets have
been printed and it is thought they will
not be sufficient to accommodate the
crowds. After the parade in this city
many of the unions will send large dele
gations to Oakland to take part in the
festival. .
The parishioners of St. Anthony's
Church, East Oakland, will celebrate La
bor day/ September 7, with a "festival of
unionism" In Idora Park, Oakland. . Rev.
Peter. C.'Yorke, pastor of the church, will
deliver, an address on the principles of
unionism and tell about the results of
St. Anthony's Church, East Oakland,
¦Will Celebrate Labor Day
at Idora Park. •
PABISHIONERS TO HOLD
FESTIVAL OF UNIONISM
FIRST SCHEEL
CONCERT TAKES
PLACE TO-DAY
S. Jacobs, Retired Mer
chant, Passes Away-
Quietly.
Oakey then came to this country and
drifting into Ban Francisco found em
ployment as an architect. As a draughts
man he has few equals and when he
settled down to design a building his com
petitors had to look to their laurels.
Last evening a search for Oakey was
made around the city. He was In the
habit of dining at the Louvre, but the
•*iTaifer who usually served him says he
has 'not seen him for several weeks. It
If supposed that he *as met with some
accJfier.t or has left for parts unknown.
BECOMES DRAUGHTSMAN.
He was seen in this city by the land
lord of the Luxembourg near the middle
of July. He left his personal effects
there. On July 14 he inquired at the
office if there was any mall for him. and
being told there was not he walked out.
A day or so afterward several letters
came for Oakey, one of them, marked
"important," but he failed to return and
ask frjr them. Set-wal people have called
ft tue house and lncuired for him, but
nothing can be found of him.
Oakey is an Englishman, who has not
been dealt kindly with Vy fortune. He
graduated from Oxford when a young
mn; with hljrh honors, and at his ma
jority came into a princely fortune. His
income at that time was $300,000 a year.
Through bad investments his fortune
gradually dwindled away until the climax
cam© with the Barinsr Bros, failure in
ISS3. Oakey lost a little more than $2,
000,000 in this failure and woko up one
morning to find himself penniless.
SEEN T.AST IN JULY.
Oakey has been a famllqiar figure on
the streets of San Francisco for several
years. He Js of middle age and always
wore a black suit and silk hat. Through
the loss of an eye he wore a black patch.
He is considered one of the cleverest
architects in this city. He has been
employed by Reid Bros, for many years,
but without any warning or without giv
ing any intimation he left the efflce and
has not returned since. .
The nany friends of A. F. Oakey, a
well-known architect of this city, are con
siderably worried at Ms mysterious dis
appearance and are wondering Jf he has
met with foul play. He has not been seen
since July 14, and his trunk and personal
effects, including many letters, are lying
uncalled for at the Luxembourg, a room
ing-house at 113 Stockton street-
The signature and the two last lines are
in pencil and Mr. Banning informed the
Commissioner that the writing was sim
ilar to that in the letter which formed
the basis of the complaint. Dr. Brink ad
mittqd that he wrote the letter to Ellis
just quoted and that he placed the "M.
D." after his name,' In-, contradiction of
his testimony already given on that mat
ter. Dr. Fearn swore that Brirrk's signa
ture to the affidavit was a forgery.
Commissioner Hunt held Dr. Brink to
answer before the Federal Grand Jury
and released the prisoner on furnishing a
bond of $1500. Both Dr. Nott and the ac
cused have many friends among the medi
cal fraternity in that part of the country
and the affair>has caused a. great sensa
tion.
The preliminary examination was held
last Tuesday, at Kelseyville before acting
United States Commissioner E. Hunt.
The Government was represented by
First Assistant United States District At
torney E. J. Banning.
The evidence showed that Dr. Brink
had procured an affidavit of W. R. Ellis
of Salinas City, who made the accusation
against Dr. Nott. Ellis testified that Dr.
Brink had told him that Nott was trying
to get the appointment as County Phy
sician, in Lake County, which position
was held by Brink, and that Brink want
ed to use the affidavit for the purpose of
defeating' Dr. Nott. The Ellis affidavit
was typewritten on note paper and sent
to Dr. McGovern and others through the
postofflce. Appended to the typewritten
c»py of the affidavit was a note in pencil
commenting upon the affidavit and signed
"H. O. Brink. M. D."-
Dr. Brink denied that he had mailed
the letter to Dr. McGovern and also swore
that the signature was a ' forgery. He
added that he never signed "M. D." after
his name, "because everybody knew that
he was a doctor."
Then Mr. Banning introduced the fol
lowing typewritten letter in evidence:
Office of County Physician. Lake -County,
California. H. O. Brink, M. D.. County
Physician. -
Lakeport, Ca!., Dec 5 1902. — Mr. W. R.
Kills. Salinas City. Monterey Co.. Cal. — Dear
Sir: You no doubt remember the affidavit that
you gave to me on the 23rd day of last Oc
tober. Well. I brought it up here and about
the ' first men that saw it was a free mason,
and he begged of me not to show it to any
ona excepting a free mason, for at least a
while. Well. I did as he requested of me.
So, in the meantime, the Masons have written
down to Salinas, at the instigation of Nott.
and the Masons down there have sent word
to ' the Masons up here, that you are desolute,
unreliable and dependent old man. and so
much addicted to llcuor that your word or
oath is not worth the paper it is written on.
At least this is the information that I get in
the matter. And it is so much like the doings
of Nott • that I think It is about what he is
trying to make out that you are a desolute
immoral man who is seeking an oppertunity
to injure a man of his standing by a lie you
may swear to. . ,
It would be a good thing for you to do. I
believe, to take the paper -which I have en
closed, or another of t v «< same kind that may
be tetter, and go to some of the best, men in
Salinas and have them sign It. and then send
it to me and I will show it to these masons
up here who are led to believe that you are
no good. Yours respectfully.
H. O. BRINK, M. D.
Get the County Officials & Business mens
names if you can- ,.
The people of Lake Countyare discuss
ing a scandal which has agitated the best
society in the Alps of America and which
has brought unpleasantly into prominence
the names of County Physician H. O.
Brink and Dr. J. R. Nott, who is physi
cian for Highland Springs and several
other fashionable summer resorts In that
vicinity. A short time ago Dr. Nott pro
cured the arrest of Dr. Brink on the seri
ous, charge of having mailed to Dr. P. F.
McGovern a letter accusing Dr. Nott of a
shameful crime. Dr. McGovern, being a
friend of the party accused, handed the
letter to Dr.'Nott. ,'
The trial will proceed at 9 o'clock this
morning, when Attorney Shortridge will
address the jury for the defense. It Is
expected that the case will go to the Jury,
in the afternoon.
After all the testimony was introduced
D. C. West, one of the attorneys for the
defense, moved the dismissal of the
charges against Dillard on the ground
that none of the documents introduced
by the prosecution purported to be a du
plicate- certificate of residence under the
act. He contended that the date of their
original issue ran back to the term of
Collector Wellburn and that the reissue
should^not bear the name of Lynch but
Wellburn and be simply certified to as be
ing a correct copy by Lynch. The mo
tion was denied.
At the opening of the court Samuel
Shortridge, defendant's attorney, ' an
nounced that his case was closed and the
prosecution recalled in rebuttal several
employes of the Collectors' office to tes
tify to the fact that when Dillard ' was
making out duplicate certificates of resi
dence he always had the book of originals
open on his desk before him.
Collector Lynch was on the stand
again for a few minutes, being ques
tioned by Shortridge regarding his signa
ture and affidavit of correctness upon a
number of reports that were proved to be
false. The Collector explained that.it was
impossible to verify the correctness of the
reports in his office, as there were so
many of them.
"Then your signature and your oath on
these documents, which are records of
your office," asked Shortridge, "do not
lend them any dignity or Insure their cor
rectness?"
The Collector was forced to admit that
they did not.
Along these lines McKinley continued
through the many counts in the indict
ment, denouncing the defendant as a de
liberate falsifier and an ingrate. He. Bald
that if the jury should determine that
Dillard was innocent of forging these du
plicate'^certincates then the only conclu
sion that remained was that Collector
Lynch was himself guilty of fraud and
falsehood, which was af altogether in
supportable theory.
During McKinley's address the defend
ant wore a somewhat worried look, which
is the only time during the trial that he
has seemed to betray much anxiety. His
wife sat beside him and shared his anx
ious appearance.
McKinley showed that Dillard did not
get his facts in regard to the description
from the application, as the defendant
had testified was his custom, as. the age,
height and distinguishing marks were at
variance with the written application pre
sented by Mowry. The description,
however, tallied with that given in the
original certificate, from which the prose
cution drew the inference that Dillard
must have had the original before him at
the time he drew the duplicate and hence
could not avoid noticing the disparity in
the photographs.
McKinley laid particular stress upon
the most damaging evidence against
Dillard, the duplicate certificate is-
Bued to Luey Den upon the appli
cation submitted by Attorney Howry.
To-this certificate the signature of Col
lector John C. Lynch is alleged to have
been forged and the photograph attached
to it is evidently/not that of the man to
whom the original certificate was issued.
For two hours and a half yesterday As
sistant United States District Attorney
Benjamin McKinley thundered denuncia
tions to the Jury against William H. Dil
lard, now on trial on the charge of issu
ing forged certificates of residence to Chi
nese who were not entitled to them. He
endeavored to wind tightly about the de
fendant the coils of evidence produced
during the long trial and succeeded in
making a forcible and convincing argu
ment.
Englishman Once Worth
Millions Is Employed
as Draughtsman.
Assistant District Attorney
-McKinley Makes Forci
ble Speech.
H. O. Brink Charged With
Defaming Character
of J. R. Nott. ¦
His Friends Think He
Has Met With
Foul Play.
Lake County Physician
Accused of Grave
Crime.
Prosecution Opens, in
Argument to the
Jury.
OAKEY HISSING
SEVERAL WEEKS
SCANDAL AMONG
RURAL DOCTORS
END TESTIMONY
IN DILLARD CASE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 14, 1903.
DEATH COMES
TO PIONEER
INHABITANT
PIONEER MERCHANT WHO
DIED IN THIS CITY LAST
WEDNESDAY.
Talk is said to be cheap; yet some peo
ple Indulge in extravagant remarks.
FTank Miller, residing at 916 Howard
street, was treated at the Central Emer
gency Hospital yesterday morning for a
badly contused eye, which he told Dr.
Weyer was the result of blows he re
ceived from one of two men who waylaid
him on Mission street "Wednesday night.
One of the men hit hin\ over the left eye
with a heavy Instrument, while the other
attempted to search his pockets. Miller
says he fought the men and both escaped
before the arrival of the police.
Assaulted by Footpads.
R. E. Blight and T. H. Montgomery
debated the question, "Resolved, That tha
Prohibition party has a reasonable pros
pect of victory," the former declaring
that the party was never before »o strong
or popular as at the present time.
Ten years ago, he eald, Its members
were held up to ridicule, while to-day
they were treated with respect, and men
advocating the cause were returned to
office In several States.
W. O. Clark of Drytown, Amador Coun
ty, spoke on Individual responsibility as
regards the training of the youth of tha
community and the necessity of conduct-
Ing scientific temperance Instruction In
all the public schools of California.
Among those present were the Rev. Jo
seph Rowell, William O. ClarR, Mr. and
Mrs. A. B. Taynor, W. H. Dorman, R.
E. Blight, Fred Head, L. Hansen, Nicho
las Morcom, T. H. Montgomery, Dr.
Wykoff. Mrs. "White. Mrs. L.. C. Parting
ton of Maine. Mrs. M. C. Lord, Mrs. L..
C. Eckley and Mrs. D. J. Spencer.
The Prohibition Alliance held a meet-
Ing last night at the rooms of the "Wom
en's Christian Temperance, Union, 132 Mc-
Allister street, the Rev. Joseph Rowell
presiding. 'V*:?'
14
Frame in three-inch, plain-
scooped gilt or three-inch Flem-
ish brown and burnished gold;
Instructions for Framing
'THE OLD ARMY CHEST,"
NEXT SUNDAY'S
ART ; SUPPLEMENT:
W. X. HESS,
K0T1BT PCBLIC AM) ATTORHET-AT-LAW.
Tccib Floor. Room 1015, Claut Spreckcls hide.
Telephone M&ln 883.
Residence. £21 California ec. below Powell
Residence Telephone Junes IS01.
Purest, Sweetest, Mcsj Effective Remedies
for Skin, Scalp 2nd Hair.
And Dressings of Cuticura the
Great Skin Cure
ADVEBTISZMENTS.
Promoted by Shampoos
of Cuticura Soap
.CU'TLlERJr*
This treatment at once stops falling
heir, removes crusts, scales and dan-
draff, destroys hair parasites, soothes
Irritated, itching surfaces, stimulates
the hair follicles, loosens the scalp skin,
supplies the roots with energy and
nourishment, and makes the hair grow
upon a sweet, wholesome, healthy scalp
when all else fails.
Millions of women now rely on Cutl-
enra Soap assisted by Caticnra Oint-
ment, the great skin cure, for preserving,
pnrifjlng and beautifying the skin, for
cleansing the scalp of crusts, scales and
dandruff, and the stopping of falling
hair, for softening, whitening and
soothing red, rough and sore hands, for
baby rashes, itchings and chafings, for
annoying irritations, or too free or
offensive per.* {ration, for ulcerative
weaknesses, and many sanative, anti-
septic purposes which readily suggest
themselves, as well as for all the pur-
poses of the toilet and nursery.
Cuticura remedies are the standard
skin cures and humour remedies of the
world. Bathe the affected parts with hot
water and Cuticura Soap, to cleanse the
surface of crusts and scales and soften
the thickened cuticle. Dry, without
hard rabbing, and apply Cutlcnra Oint-
ment freely, to allay Itching, Irritation
and inflammation, and soothe and heal,
and, lastly, in the severer forms, take
Caticura Resolvent, to cool and cleanse
the blood. A single set is often suffi-
cient to cure the most torturing, dis-
figuring skin, 6calp and blood humours,
from pimples to ecrof ula, from Infancy
to age, when all else falls.
««MOim«jrfc<mt thr world. Catiesn RwolrrsL «B. flm
Sf"V°'-*«£P-»e- Oepou, London. V CkartnteoM
renrr Drnr * Chera. Corp, Pol- Pwpt.
Wftnd lor -How to Cor. trtrj Burnout "
J ADVERTISEMENTS.
Boys' mJ?^ Young
Two-Piece MOT Men's
Suits' ' ' jKW jgL Suits
'";' ; -. -' . -And dress just like my dad." "y * ¦
OUR OWN EXCLUSIVE PRICES
AGES 8 TO 15 AGES 14 TO 19
All-Wool Navy Blue Serges, Tweeds, Cas- New Broad Shouldered Suits. AH- Woo!
simeres . and Fancy Cheviots. Pants lined Heavy Blue Double-Twist Serges, Fancy Che-
throughout. Built for dress and wear. Will viots and Cassimeres. In single and double
make the little fellows proud of them- breasted. Garments to please the most critical
OPEN SATURDAYS TILL 10 P. M.
WHOLESALE Mil lf Tn ]M[ AM RETAILING % !
CLOTMIERSl lliLMyl lAn DIRECT TO YOU
: ¦: 516-518MARKET ST»*«P1IG«? M
%f0 ADVERTISEMENTS.
f '^^tTO^CI °? tlie recular P rices in clothing is our offer for the next f f\^^-^^^^raS^
-'- v ¦ • C* ur store and our prices are small, but our stock oF Men's. i^^^^^P^^^^K
• Bo >' s> antl Children's Clothing is uncomfortably large. We /^^^^^^^^^
KfyjSiUiiHHBK want more room. ;;^a : -~ ¦¦ i^ror^^^ffi^^3%!SI
ragl^TO&nBR ' We bought low. but we want our money out ot the stock.
WW^m^^m We'd rather make a very little profit than keep these goods. HuW^gE^
M fr ilTKlJWiWl W t Hence we'll sell it out at prices less than cost of manu- • X^p^K^^^a
EsffagBRIHIiy '• This clothine is mostly composed of the celebrated Ore- ;^Q
WS&gSEkJBglP Ron City Woolen Mills' goods, and was recently removed from /f&s?!fti^V^
iiiftlil^^ quality. We carry no shoddy goods. If you could see these
jjHftMSjBUgy goods you'd be convincedj *^9BS8fi§iilF*H
pilli Here Are Some Telling Prices :' Ask for
EgSiiliwi l'ot 3Sfi! heretofore $20.00 now $10.00 P*»3«Pitf B
HBSgB339 ' I,ot 7405, heretofore $17.50 now $8.75 !&J*5*£*lw B
B li§rl!ll9 llot 27^! heretofore $10.00. ". now S5,00 llwtfSral H
1 fiiilil °* a " descriptions; Light Gray, Black or Blue; all for one- ft^'S] H
B'-lllfclia Lot 605. former price $8.50 now S4.S3 kU ; ?<l 1
H' T,nt 7975, former price $S. 50 now 84.25 *-~l'''S8 9
3 liot"279' black dress suit, former price jio.00. ......now 9&JOO Kw^^ S
M' qar|s|S, Lot 412, hlue serge, former price $10.00 now $5.00 E
Im CHILDREN'S KNEE PANTS SUITS. Wm I
1 wilP^. Ages from 4 tn 14 y** T!t - wiu - * xtra P air knf>e rants. aSM $
B JfiL ¦ Ix>t 1177,' former price 42.95 I.I.I. now $1.95 V^i f)
B fnw) i, T^ot 2006, former price, $4.50 now S2.2o S&H - B
M i^ot 709. former price $t>.00 now $3.00 HZTjJ / P
Em * "" * - I 1 A rV T* t^ f^ • wn
Eft 'A- *' W^ ** 1^1 I T . . H
JJ - " ¦ jr M 4»4 ™ m *,/» . J
ffi hot 776, pure Oregon casslmere pants, former price $4.00 j now $2.00 I
HB % Lot 249. former prlc>- $4.50 , ••••••••• nowj ?3.25 J
1 Bring This Ad With You and Compare Prices. j
I MISFIT eLGTHINQ PARLORS
I HESKINS CLOTHING CO.
I ,'• 440 Bush Street, Corner Bush Street and Grant Avenue,
I Phone Black 6543. SAN FRANCISCO.