..Mrs. Fletcher Bent, Nova Scotia.
Mrs. W. E. Tyrrell of Portland.
Mrs. Tyrrell' s son, aged 14 years.
ittlll IxCDltlUtn.
J: C.Wright. -
J.Watson. ¦ ..-
Second Officer Killgore.
First Assistant Engineer Charles Huson (died shortly after
being rescued). ., .
.Steward William Holman.
Second Cook George Jackson.
E. Humphrey, cook.
H. Christoffsen, seaman.
John McKcnzie, seaman.
Charles Peterson, seaman. . ¦
/. B..Doherty, fireman. I
P. Wolf, fireman.
BROWNED JtWD MISSING.
Continued on Page 3, Column 3.
Bilbao Miters Go Out on Strike
. BILBAO. Spain, Oct. 20.— A strike oc
curred to-day in the Bilbao mining dis
trict and spread rapidly. To-night 19.000
¦workers are idle. The railroad service
has been interrupted. Reinforcements of
troops are arriving here.
SALONICA, Oct. 30.— Thirty-seven bat
talions of recruits, it was announced to
day, have been called out in the vilayets
cf Salonka. Monastir and Kossovo and
other battalions have been called out in
Anatolia. The latter are under orders for
transportation to Salonica. Two bat
talions, totaling 1750 men, arrived here
yesterday from Smyrna.
SULTAN INCREASING. HIS
ARMY IN THE BALKANS
Mrs. Fletcher Bent was drowned before
the eyes of her son, who made frantic
endeavors to reach her with an oar.
Eleven persons managed to get away on
a life raft and were for a long time given
up as lost. The raft reached shore with ten
survivors and one dead body. They are:
Charles Bruce, first officer: James Ward,
chief engineer; T. Pizzoti, second assist
ant engineer; John McKown, oiler; J.
Driscoll, oiler; W. Hughes, fireman; 'w.
Robertson, fireman; James Alwood, sea
man; H. Webber, passenger; C. Johnson,
The women wept and screamed, while
many of the men howled In sheer panic.
The captain's boat remained upright until
eighteen terror-stricken persons had
swung themselves down the ropes into It.
Then it capsized and tipped the occupants
into the turbulent water. The captain
righted the little craft as it tippled on
the crest of a wave and six of the orig
inal passengers regained the boat.
South Portland, bound for San
Francisco from Portland, blundering far
out of her course, struck on the reefs off
Cape Blanco.
The shock drove her bow high on the
rocks, the beating: screw held her there
for one long minute, then she slid slowly
off the reef and sank. All the boats were
launched, all but two capsized imme
diately, or were crunched against the
steamer's side by the terrific seas, and
out of a total of forty passengers and
crew, twenty-one are believed to" have
been drowned.
When the vessel struck there was the
greatest confusion. Members of the crew
rushed up and down the deck trying to
calm the distracted passengers, but the
seriousness of the situation was so ap
parent that their fear could not be al
layed, and a mad rush was soon made for
the boats.
ANDON. Or., Oct. 20.— At 5 o'clock
£m£ yesterday afternoon, while a
J_\ heavy mist muffled the warning
H^^ roar of the surf, the , steamer
Four indictments were returned against
Dolan some time ago. Each is under
bond of 110.000.
" This brines the total number of indict
ments under which Barrett will have to
stand trial before the United States Dis
trict Court up to twenty, nineteen having
bren previously returned.
Sir indictments, containing about thirty
counts, were returned against Boyd; five
indictments against Weissmann and two
additional acainst both Barrett and Do
lan.
ST. LOUTS, Oct. 20.— Police Captain
Samuel J. Boyd. Thomas E. Barrett, for
mer marshal of the St. Louis Court of
Appeals and a member of the Democratic
Ftate Committee; John J. Dolan, chair
man cf the Democratic City Central Com
mittee; Adoipb Fein and Jacob Weiss
"mann. members of the Hebrew branch
cf th*> Jefferson Club, were Indicted by
the Federal Grand Jury to-day for com
r-Mcity in naturalization frauds alleged to
have been committed prior to the recent
election-
NATURALIZATION FRAUDS
ABE BEING INVESTIGATED
Federal Grand Jury Indicts St. Louis
Police Captains and Several
Politicians.
"At 5:15 o'clock yesterday afternoon a dense fog was covering the mouth
of the Coquille River below Bandon. I thought I could make Port Or
ford, eight miles below Cape Blanco, but so dense was the fog and so dark
and tempestuous the weather that no bearing could be taken. All boats were
launched, but in my belief the only one that lived is the one that landed. I
was the last to leave the sinking shio. The scene aboard was fearful: women
screamed and the men were scarcely more brave. Those saved with me are
John A. Reimer of San Francisco. Emanuel Pasomemis of San Francisco.
Lesley Baker of Alameda. Al Bailey of North Dakota! William L. Watson
of Baltimore and Guy Bent of San Francisco, whose mother was 'drowned
as she attempted to gain the boat in which we were."
PORT ORFORD. .Oct. 20.— The evidence submitted at the Coroner's
jury to-day goes to prove that Captain Mclntyre deserted his vessel half an
hour before she sank and even before the passengers or crew had been em
barked. The survivors . claim . that the captain left in the first officer's
boat instead of his own. and that after he" had disappeared in the fog the
crew, under the direction of First Officer Bruce, had to construct rafts from
spars and hatches on which to save themselves, the boats having been
smashed against the ship's side or capsized and drifted away.
The body of Charles Huson. first assistant engineer, is here, and the
jury found that he came to his death from exhaustion caused by his expo
sure on the raft, to which he clung half frozen for many hours.
Ore., Oct. io— The latest details of the wreck as gathered
f^\ here to-night come from the lips of Captain Mclntyre of San Fran-
JL*J cisco, who was master of the ill-fated steamship. In conversation he
said:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Terrified Passengers Crowd
Boats in Vain Effort
to Gain Shore.
The haby was within 300 feet of the
fpc-eding cars when Mrs. Dow saw it.
tVlth a scream Bhe rushed for her child,
only to eIId and fall across the rails. As
if with cne last struggle to rave herself
end baby, the mother tossed the child
I't-'^a the double tracks and rolled pa
iraXjd with the mrtside rail, face down.
The train passed and the Btcps of the
cars grazed Mrs. Dow's back and head.
She was otherwise bruised and cut by
the fall, but not st-rious'.y Injured. Little
.baby Betty was unharmed and when plck
fd up was happy and laughed as If the
occurrence was an ordinary romp.
Mrs. Dow, whose summer house is at
Millwood, had accompanied her friend.
Hiss Daisy Rainy of San Francisco, to
the station. Betiie. seventeen months old,
remained behind. The mother closed the
gate. After beine left alone the baby,
v.hich can hardly walk, waddled to the
front g-ate and crawled through the fence.
She had crossed the first track and was
just In the middle of the second when
Miss Rainy called Mrs. Dow's attention
to a bundle of white between the rails.
Other waiting- passengers also saw it. but
little realized It was a human being. The
train was less than a block away and run
rr.r.g down grade.
It was then that Mrs. Dow rushed
F.cfo&s the platform to the rescue. The
train was brought to a standstill soon
afterward and Mrs. Dow was carried to
¦pnr' home with her baby. The train then
rped oa to Sausalito and very few were
aware of what had occurred. Mrs. Dow
is suffering: to-day from the severe nerv
ous shock.
In a brave endeavor to rescue her child
from being killed by a North Shore elec
tric train a: 7:12 a. m., Mrs. W. D. Dow,
Dee Helen Crocker, a society favorite of
£ar. Francisco, risked her own life. That
the infant was not mangled is as surpris
ing as the escape from death of the cour
ageous mother.
MILL, VALLEY. Oct. M.-Little did the
several hundred commuters from Mill
Valley en route to San Francisco yes
terday morr.iri: realize how nearly one
of the most crcrnlnent society women of
California, with her Infant daughter, es
caped beir.e killed by the cars at Mill
wood station.
Spec!*! Dispatch to The Call.
Courageous Mother Sustains
Slight Injury as Cars
Whirl Past.
Mrs. Dow Saves Child
From Death Under
a Train.
Society Favorite a
Heroine Near
Millwood.
RISKS LIFE
TO RESCUE
HER INFANT
SHUTS OUT
JAPAN FROM
MANCHURIA
Russia Concludes
If a Treaty With
China.
Gains Practically Com
plete Control of
Provinces.
Even the Mongolian Troops
Therein Will Take Orders
From St. Petersburg.
BERLIN, Oct. 20.— The special corres
pondent of a Berlin newspaper quotes th9
Vostoschnl Vesnek, a journal published in
the Far East, as authority for the state
ment that Paul Lessar. Russian Minister
to China, has concluded a treaty with
China which gives Russia practical con
trol of Manchuria, although under a nomi
nal Chinese government. Russia under
takes to conduct any war arising with a
third party because of the new treaty.
The treaty provides that the appoint
ment and dismissal of the Governor-Gen
eral and commander-in-chlef of the pre
fects in Manchuria shall be effected by
the Chinese government, in agreement
with the Russian. diplomatic representa
tives. The Chtoese troops stationed in
the three provinces of Manchuria shall
be under Kossjan control, but, if the
Chinese *|jrt<&er». are Incapable of main
taining o'SWHlna suppressing brigandage.
Russia is to have the right of using her
own troops to this end.
Trading in Manchuria and the exploita
tion of mines there is prohibited, except
to Russians and Chinese. The customs
are to be under joint Chinese and Russian
control. The railroad becomes Chinese
property, on mutual agreement, at the
end of twenty years. The posts and tele
graphs are to be under Russian and
Chinese control and disputes are to be
settled by a Russian referee.
In the event of war with a third power
arising from the new treaty It will be
conducted by Russia and China in co
operation: should China withdraw her
co-operation Russia will carry on the war
alone, and in the event or victory China
shall cede Manchuria to Russia and lm-.
mediately withdraw her civil and military
officials.
The Chinese signatories to the new
treaty are given as Princes Tchin Wan
Wen, Schai Hun Tsi and Tchans TchlL
LONDON. Oct. 20.— A dispatch to Reu
ters Telegraph Company from Tokio
says: "No conference between M. Ko
mura, the Japanese Minister of Foreign
Affairs, and Baron de Rosen, the Rus
sian Minister, has occurred since October
14. Precautionary measures, however, are
apparently proceeding briskly. Vice Ad
miral Toga, a man of unusual decision,
has been appointed to command the
standing squadron. This change of com
manders has attracted attention."
CALAIS, France, Oct. 20.— Four Russiac
torpedo-boats, bound for x Port Arthur
put into Brest last nisht for coal.
THE SURVIVORS.
PASSENGERS.
L. Baker.
Guy Sent.
Al Bailey.
William Wilson.
H. Weber. ,
OFFICERS AND CREW.
• Captain J. Mclntyre.
Charles Bruce, first officer.
James Ward, chief engineer.
T. Pizzotti, second assistant
: . engineer.
John McKeon, oiler.
. J. Driscoll, oiler.
William Hughes, fireman.
William Robinson, fireman.
James Alwood, seaman.
C. Johnson, seaman.
John Reimer, seaman.
Emanuel Pasomemis, cook.
SCENE OF THE WRECK OF THE STEAMER- SOUTH PORTLAND OFF
OREGON'S COAST, AND OFFICERS OF THE WELL KNOWN VESSEL
WHO WERE IN THE DISASTER. ".
Captain Mclntyre is a ¦, young; man and
said to be a very able navigator. He was
formerly master. of the steamer. Michigan
and; is well known' along the- coast. His
officers are considered^ as competent"; as
there '.are to 'be found in 'Pacific waters
and marine men are at a losa'to see how
MARINERS ARE PERPLEXED.
Portland. . She was afraid of . going to
sea. and did not refrain from telling • her
friends so, "but told them in a jesting
way, "That many had traveled before
her, and there was no particular' reason
why disaster should happen just because
she was aboard." It was apparent, how
ever, that she feared disaster might over
take the vessel.
"•'.vv- cisco from the East. So, far as
can be ascertained at this time only Mrs.
W. E. Tyrrell and her 16-year-old son, ,W.
E. Tyrrell Jr., lived in this city. Mrs.
Tyrrell was the wife \ of ; W. E, Tyrrell,
chief clerk at f the office ; of the British
Consul," James Laidlaw. She ,was ' on her
way to visit her. mother in San Francisco,
whom she had not seen for several years.
A most pathetic '¦- circumstance is that
Mrs. -Tyrreilhad made all arrangements
to travel by>ail,_but upon the suggestion
of fritnds. changed her mind and secured
berths for herself and son 5 : on the 'South
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 20.-Most of
the • passengers on the ill-fated
steamer' 'South Portland were
travelers bound ' [ for San -. Fran-
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
Woman Passenger Tells of Fears
Before Voyage Begins.
TRAMPS TO NEW YORK -
IN SEARCH OF ttf.at.tti
M1DDL.ETOWN, N. Y., Oct. 20.— Having
walked 8000 miles to cure himself of con
sumption, K. C. Norris, for years a news
paper man in California and other West
ern States,* arrived here to-day. Norris
has walked all the way from California,
and is now bound for New York, where
he once resided. He left San Francisco
August 8, 1301, to see if he could not re
cover his health, physicians having told
him that he had consumption and could
live but a short time. He then weighed
ninety-six pounds. His weight now is 13G
pounds.
Norris' route has been a crooked one.
He followed the railroads all the time,
¦with the exception of a few days when
he struck out for the forests of Colorado
and got lost. From San Francisco he
went to Portland, Or., thence to Seattle,
back to Portland, into Idaho, Utah. Col
orado, Nebraska. Kansas, Missouri. Ken
tucky, Ohio, Illinois, Indiana, thence into
Canada, back to Illinois, to Ohio, Penn
sylvania and into New York, coming
down the Erie to this city.
.Norris has received considerable help
from telegraph operators along the rail
roads during his long tramp, and has had
some startling as well as amusing ex
periences.
When he flrs-t set out Norris thought It
very doubtful about his being able to com
plete his ' intended tramp to New York,
but preferred to die on the way rather
than regain at home and slowly waste
away with cons-umptlon.
the steamer could so widely vary from
her course as to strike the reef.
P. F. Duflon, general agent of the Mer
chants' Steamship Company, received
notice ,of the wreck from the San Fran
cisco office this morning, but the infor
mation contained no details. The steamer
was placed on the Portland-San Fran
cisco run about two months ago by the
company which he represents and was
making regular trips every fourteen days.
She had accommodations for about four
teen passengers all told. Captain Mc-
Intyre, said Mr. Duflon, has always had
his full' confidence, .and he is at a com
plete loss to know how the terrible acci
dent : came. to. happen. J^i/i
VESSEL LISTS TO . PORT.
.The 1 steamer South Portland left Mont
gomery dock in this city" at 2:30 o'clock
last Sunday morning with Pilot W. H.
Patterson ' on the" bridge. In her hold
were stowed away 8400 sacks of wheat,
2700 sacks of oats and 3500 sacks of bar
ley, constituting ¦ in all about 1100 tons,
she had • a * slight . list , to starboard, but
the cargo, was considered light for a ves-
Stem Pleads Not Guilty.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 20.— Leopold J.
Stern, the Baltimore contractor arrested
In Toronto under two warrants charging
false pretense In the supply to the Gov
ernment of satchels for rural free deliv
ery carriers, wa3 given a preliminary
hearing In the Supreme Court to-day.
Stern pleaded not suilty. >
LUCKLESS STEAMSHIP SOUTH PORTLAND CRASHES ON A REEF
NEAR CAPE BLANCO ON THE PERILOUS COAST OF OREGON
AND DROWNED AND MISSING NUMBER MORE THAN A SCORE
Continued on Pa gt 3, Column 5.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1903.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 143.
The San Francisco CallTo Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine ~Tablet«.v Alt
•lruarKists refund the money ;it H falls- to cure.
E. W. Grove's elgnaturo it on each box. 23c. *
TVASHINGTO.V. Oct. 20.— Major General
Samuel Sumner has nrranRed to assume com
mand of the Department of the -Missouri, with
headquarters at Omaha, on November I'd.
'••KIj PASO, Texas, • Oct. 20. — The entire typo
graphical .force of the El Paso Evening News
walked out to-day because of the failure of
the publishers to allow a claim for overtime
tit S3 SB. No Datiex waa DUblUhed to-day, i
. NEW YORK. Oct. 20— Hon. Marlon de Vries
m«nbfr of the United States Board of General
Appraisers. •Rill leave on Friday next for tht>
Pacific Coast on official business. He will hi
in San Francisco on November & and 6
Buena Vista Parlor of the' Native
Daughters of the Golden West will cele
brate an anniversary of Institution "by a
banquet in the California Hotel" this even
ing. .It is to be a very exclusive affair. '
Buena" Vista's Banquet.
. Thomas Delap Barnstead. a retired ser
geant of police and commander of Lin
coln Post NO. 1, G. A. R., died at his
home In this city on Monday. He was
connected with the Police Department for
a number of years and was prominent in
army circles. He was 66 years- of age,
and leaves a widow. • His funeral will bo
held this afternoon at 1 o'clock from'As
sembly. Hall, Pioneer building, under the
auspices of the G. A. R. post of which
he was commander. The Interment will
be in the National Cemetery. _
Old Policeman Bead.
She was assisted by Miss Gladys Ber
inger, Waldemar Lind and Joseph Ber
inger. '
Her 'programme ; was t very ambitious,
and it must be said to her credit that
she acquitted herself admirably. Her
voice is a pure soprano of; velvety qual
ity, sweet and 'clear* in the upper 'notes,
and full and sufficient in 'the lower tones.
Her interpretation of' her several num
bers was most artistic.
Miss Louise Am lot gave • a. -song recital
last, night, at- Steinway HalL It 'was a
great success in every, particular.
Gives Song Eecital.
BOSTON, Oct. 20.— Terry McGovern,
former featherweight champion of the
world, was given the decision over Jimmy
Briggs of Chelsea to-night after a hard
fifteen-round battle before the Criterion
Athletic Club. For ten rounds the ex
champlon seemed to have lost his . old
time cunning, and even a favorable de
cision for him seemed doubtful. Toward
the end, however, superior ring general
ship told the story, and he had the Chel
sea boy completely at his mercy.
During the last four rounds McGovern
administered terrific punishment, but he
was unable to land a decisive blow, and
as the final bell found both men on their
feet, a decision was given on points.
At the start McGovern invited" in-fight
ing, rushing into clinches whenever pos
sible, but he fared badly at this game,
and received a severe pummeling during
the early part of the battle. Briggs was
at hie best at this style of fighting, aW
rained blowafter blow Upon McGovern's
wind and neck in every clinch. In the
breakaway McGovern seemed weak, and
well directed blows in the fourth and
ninth rounds sent him to the floor.
At the end of the tenth,' when It seemed
that the ex-champion had an almost in
'surmountable handicap to overcome, he
adopted an open style of fighting and had
everything his own way until the end.
Terry McGovern Loses
His Old-Time Ring
Cunning.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 20.— About forty clerks
emplo>«J*in the Pension Office to-day received
promotions.
The police found, that the burglars. had
climbed a porch at the front of the house
and, after having passed over a short
ledge, opened a window and entered.
There is no clew yet as to who the-of
fenders are, but they are considered ex
pert at their business. Several detectives
have been detailed on the case.
Mason found that the burglars had
searched both rooms and had taken Jew
elry of high value from each. Among
the articles stolen are a turquoise and
diamond marquise ring valued at $200 a
diamond crescent pin valued at $300,' a
pearl bracelet valued at $200, a lady's
open face watch valued at $100, a chate
laine valued at $30, a coronation pin with
diamonds, rubies, pearls and sapphires,
valued at $150; a gold locket valued
at $75, a coral necklace valued at $600 and
a gold medal valued at $20.. — /
The residence of John A. Mason, a well
known civil and mining engineer at 3701
Washington street, was entered by bur
glars of the porch climbing variety early
Monday morning. While the family was
dining the thieves entered through a sec
ond story window and carried away Jew
elry valued at $1635.
According to the story told by Mason
at police headquarters he discovered the
crime soon after 7 o'clock in the evening.
About that time the family arose
from dinner and, going upstairs, were
surprised to find thaUdoors leading into
Mason's and his daughter's rooms had
been locked from the inside. The but
ler was called and he secured a ladder, on
which he climbed to one of the outer
windows. .When the doors were opened
and the rooms lighted a sorry condition
of affairs was found. -Everything was in
disorder, the apartments having . been
thoroughly ransacked.
Big Haul Is Made in., a
Western Addition
Residence. I
BURGLARS WORK
AT DINNER HOUR
M. Combes accepted a proposition for
the consideration on Thursday of an in
terpellation involving the policy of the
Government toward the religious estab
lishments. Various other interpellations
on the Humbert case and the Dreyfus
affair will come up later. The presenta
tion of the budget is ret for Monday
next. M. Bourgeois presided in- the Cham
ber of Deputies.
PARIS. Oct. 20.— Both branches of Par
liament reassembled to-day. The absence
cf important issues minimized the Inter
est in the event, but the galleries were
f.Jled with people desirous of witnessing
the opening Fcenes.
BOTH HOUSES OF FRENCH
PARLIAMENT REASSEMBLE
Policy of the Government Toward
Religious Establishments to Be
Given Consideration.
Judge Seawell yesterday annulled the
marriage of Morris Rosenberg to Bertha
Rosenberg on complaint of the former's
father, George Rosenberg. Rosenberg,
who is a promising young artist
and the protege of several wealthy wom
en here, was not of age when the wed
ding took place at San Jose in August of
last year. .
During the trial of the suit several
months ago Mrs. Rosenberg sought to
prove that the marriage was legal be
cause young Rosenberg had lived with
her after he became of age. She testi
fied that after the marriage they came
to this city and lived together for two
weeks, and that after he left her and
went to Berlin to study music she fol
lowed,, him and lived with him there for
"ten months. From there she went to
Warsaw, where, she says, they were to
gether for almost a year. .Corroborative
evidence was lacking, however, with the
result that the Rosenbergs succeeded in
getting the young people separated.
A few days ago Timothy Danaher,
coachman for Carleton C. Crane, local
agent of the New York Central Railroad,
sued Bridget Danaher foi> divorce On the
ground of intemperance. Yesterday Mrs.
Danaher answered her husband's com
plaint.' She denies being intemperate, and
prefers a charge of infidelity against
Danaher^ Mrs. Danaher. says that eighteen
months ago she discovered that her hus
band was smitten with the charms of
the governess in the Crane family. Be
cause of his new found love, she says,
he desires tn be rid of her, hence the
divorce', suit. Mrs. Danaher further al
leges that her husband deserted, her on
the 4th inst. and that since that time he
has not provided for her or their minor
child, who is one of three survivors of
"their family of eleven children. The Dan
ahers were" married twenty-eight % years
ago. ; , . . ¦
I Interlocutory decrees of divorce were
granted yesterday to Lulu Friedlander
from Isadora Friedlander for .neglect,
Charlotte B. McKenna from Perry .1: Mc-
Kenna .for desertion, Mamie- A. Grimm
• from Charles W. Grimm for neglect,
Maggie W. Turner from John W. Turner
for desertion, James Gately from Lillie
M. Gately for /desertion, Elizabeth Deu
ress from Peter Deuress for neglect, Anne
;D. Northrop from Welfon Northrop, for
desertion, Mary C. Adams from Joseph
B. Adams for desertion, Andreas Han
sen . from Ella Hansen • for Intemperance
and Alice T. Dyer from C. W. Dyer for
neglect.
Harry F. Kenny, an employe of the
Sunset Telephone and Telegraph Com
pany at Seattle, is also being sued for
divorce. Mary A. .Kenny charges him
with desertion and neglect. She says that
he left her on the 8th inst., and that
since that time she has had to depend
upon relatives for the support of her
self and child. He gets $100 a month, she
says, arid she asks the court to award
her $30 monthly alimony. They Were mar
ried at Reno in December/ 1809.
Mary- Carter wants a . divorce from
Henry Jefferson Carter for cruelty. She
says that without reason he is insanely
Jealous of her and makes her lffe mis
erable. * . •
"Jennie M. 'Brown, ln % i. complaint for
divorce filed ' by her yesterday against
William T. Brown, assistant cashier of
the Pacific States Telephone and Tele
graph Company, alleges that her peace
of mind has been wrecked because of her
husband's fondness for one Josephine Mc-
Bride, an unmarried woman. The plain
tiff says that she only learned of her hus
band's fickleness three days ago when she
says she discovered that he had spent
some time with Miss McBrlde at the Las
Palmas Hotel, on Market street.'
She says she left him as soon as she
discovered that he was an unfaithful
spouse. She asks for a divorce, $75 a
month alimony out of the" salary of $150
she says he earns, $75 to relieve her im
mediate necessities and $150 attorney's
fees.
JennieM. Brown Charges
Spouse With Being
' Unfaithful
SAYS HUSBAND
IS TOO FICKLE
President James R. Hooper of the. Na
tional Union Bank, the complainant in
to-day's proceedings, alleges that Leavitt
made statements with reference to his
financial condition," on the strength of
which, it 4s charged, Leavitt secured on
notes loans of $50,000, from the bank.
Later, it is alleged, the statements were
found to be incorrect. At the office -of
Lambkin & Foster it was stated that
Leavitt's membership in the firm ceased
at the. time of the failure of that con
cern in June last and that the alleged
theft announced to-day did not Involve
them.;
It was explained that at the time : of
the failure the company's paper was held
by the National Union Bank and the-Ex
change Bank; .that these notes aggre
gated $100,000 and were divided in prac
tically equal amounts between the two
banks, and, finally, that they had teen
paid.
MEDFORD, Mass., Oct 20.— Elmer E.
Leavitt, who was arraigned in Boston to
day on the charge of the theft of $50,000
from the National Union Bank of Boston,
has been a resident of this city for about
ten years. His handsomely furnished
home was in a fashionable locality; he
kept Several horses and expensive car
riages, and lived in such a style as to be
generally reputed a wealthy man. Leav
itt, is 39 years old and has a wife and
three children.
BOSTON, Oct. 20.— An alleged theft of
$50,000 from the Boston National Bank
last November was revealed to-day when
Elmer E. Leavitt of this city was ar
raigned in court, charged with the crime.
Leavitt pleaded not guilty and waa held
for a hearing on November 4.
Leavitt was not connected with the
bank, but was a member and treasurer
of the boot and shoe firm of Lambkin &
Foster of this city,, which failed some
time ago and has just been reorganized.
In the settlement the individual liabilities
were not discharged and last . week two
attachments of $75,000 each were filed
against Leavitt by . the National Union
Bank and the Nation Exchange Bank of
Boston.
UNABLE TO LAND
A DECISIVE BLOW
The incident provoked much Jollity in
the car and the entire delegation turned
its attention to making the two sisters as
comfortable as possible. Banker Schlafly
wired ahead to the Palace for an extra
room and Monday afternoon found the
Misses Corrigan enjoying the pleasures of
the bankers' convention in San Francisco.
When the Schlaflys and their young
guest entered their car they were
astounded by the sound of a familiar
voice that gave them greeting and glanc
ing forward they were surprised to dis
cover Miss Kate Corrigan comfortably re
clining in a seat. It took but < a few
words for the young lady to explain her
unexpected presence in Denver. Her
relatives had finally yielded to her plead
ings, and, hurriedly packing her traveling
bag, she had caught the next train out of
Kansas City and by a stroke of good luck
had been able to overtake the Missouri
special at Denver.
Ten minutes later Miss Kate was at her
home, pleading with her parents for per
mission to Join her sister in the Far West
and picturing to them the many
dangers that might . surround sister
Agnes if she were allowed to roam about
the wild and woolly thoroughfares of San
Francisco. Just what effect these plead
ings had may be readily Imagined through
the aid of later developments. . . • . ¦ ...
At Denver the Missouri special was de
layed several hours, during which the oc
cupants of the cars -enjoyed themselves
seeing the Bights of the mining town, re
turning a few minutes before the trip
was resumed.
Hurrying . to their home the young la
dies were bitterly disappointed by the
contrary views taken by their relatives
regarding the trip,, the latter "taking the
broad view that inasmuch as the Misses
Corrigan were not bankers they could not
possibly have any particular Interest in
the gathering of an association of finan
ciers. But . the young ladies had their
own opinion on the subject, especially
Miss Agnes, who was soon back to the
train, wearing upon her countenance a
look^that boded mischief. * .
Suddenly the signal for the starting of
the train was given, and, bidding adieu
to their friends, the Misses Corrigan re
luctantly moved toward the car door.
Just as the latter was reached Miss Agnes
shouted to her sister that she had forgot
ten her purse and returned to the interior
of the coach. Thinking her sister would
follow her. Miss Kate . alighted. A. sec
ond later the train begjtfi moving off and
as the last car passed her Miss Kate was
surprised to see her sister standing on
the rear platform and heard the latter,
exclaim, "Well, good-by, Kate; I guess
I'll have to go through to San Francisco,
for I can't get off a moving train."
SISTERS MEET AT DENVER.
A few days agq when' the t»ain bearing
the Missouri contingent of bankers
reached Kansas City the Misses Corrigan
were at the depot to greet' their old
friends, the Schlaflys, and Jn return re
ceived a warm welcome aboard the train.
Banker Schlafly's, daughter- jokingly- sug
gested that her young friends Join the
party and the Invitation was barely ut
tered before Miss Agnes Corrigan had
accepted it and her sister was not long* in
following suit . ¦ '• ¦'¦ ¦ -
RESORTED TO CLEVER RUSE.
"I wanted to come to the convention
and I came. That is all there is about it.
My Bister had similar Inclinations and she
came.* Now you have the whole story,"
and Miss Agnes Corrigan of Kansas City
smiled sweetly at her interviewer.
The presence of the young lady and
her sister, both stylishly dressed, at the
Palace Hotel has been productive of much
amusement for the visiting bankers and
especially the • delegates from Kansas
City, for to .the latter's party the young
women are duly accredited. Miss Agnes
and Miss Kate Corrigan are nieces of Ed
ward Corrigan, the well-known turfman,
and on the present visit they are the
guests of the family of August Schlafly,
president of the Missouri Trust Company
of St. Louis.
Aljeged Swindler Is Arrested
and Enters Plea of Not
:..' Guilty.\ . -
Sister Catches the Excursion
Fever and Follows on
Advance Fifty Thousand
Dollars on Worth
less Notes.
Missouri. Belle Joins
Bankers by a Clever
BOSTON BANKERS
LOSE THEIR COIN
JUMPS SPECIAL
8T KANSAS CITY
COUNT EXPOSES
MONEY LENDERS
CARMEN'S CASE
IS ON ARGUMENT
Attorneys Discuss Cost
of Living in San
Francisco.
Accuses Them in Berlin
Court of Attempted
Extortion.
Admits That They Aided Him
When He Was Looking
for a Wealthy Bride.
Counsel for Employes Claims
That Present Wage Rate
Is Too Low.
BERLJX, Oct. 20.— Count von Larrlsch-
Moennich, an Austrian nobleman, in tes
tifying to-day against the syndicate of
money lenders who are accused of at
tempted extortion, said that Immediately
after his wedding at Buffalo with Mary
Hatterfleld of Pennsylvania In June, a
New York bank sent him a draft for $30,
000 forwarded by the syndicate, which
he refused to payl This, the Count con
tinued, was the beginning of persecutions
by the money . lenfler group, which was
composed of four merchants and six
mortgage agents, of whom Ernest Rosen
til and Ludwig Zinner are directors of a
savings bank. The draft was baaed on
one of the several notes which the Count
signed in 1900. aggregating $230,000, pay
able on condition that the married one of
tflree young Countesses von Faber of Nu
remburg (daughter of Baron von Faber,
the famous pencil manufacturer), each re
puted to have a dowry of $20,000,000.
After giving the money lenders the
promissory notes the Count went to Wies
baden to court one of the Faber girls.
They discouraged his advances and later,
at his own expense, the Count went to
America and eventually married Miss
HatterfleW. On motion of counsel for the
defense the case was postponed in order
to summon witnesses from America.
- Count von Larrlsch informed^the press
to-day that the Countess, Is In Vienna;
that she knew all about the case, and
that Bhe had known about it before their
marriage. The Count classed as "absurd"
some of the statements published in the
United- States that the Countess intended
to su« for a divorce.
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
NEW YORK, Oct 20.— Arguments in the
arbitration proceedings between tha Unit
ed Railroads' of San Francisco and their
employes over the wage and hour ques
tion were begun, here to-day before Com
missioner; Oscar Strauss, Patrick Cal
houn and W.D. Mahon.
Congressman E. J. -Livernash, for the
men, urged that the cost of living in San
Francisco had since April, 1902, increased
32 per cent; that wages in other employ
ments had correspondingly increased, and
the street carmen's wages, alone unln
creased, were inadequate to maintain the
American standard of living in California,
"Wages and cost of living in other cities
should not be considered and he declared
that the consideration of testimony of
this- character and the determination by
the commission of a wage rate on the ba
sis of the unchecked law of supply and
demand would mean a death blow to the
arbitration of labor disputes, trades
unionism standing for a necessary check
upon this law. 'The Income of the com
pany is so great, he said, that it can
grant the increase and still retain an
equitable ; return on Its capital and this
consideration - should determine* the com
rftission's ruling- • ' .
A. A. Moore, for the company, said that
LJvernash's position was based on the
proposition that' a man In any locality
has. the\right to fix his own standard of
living; to demand . a corresponding rate
.of wages and to exclude others from tak
ing -their places by boycott, intimidation
or otherwise. He classed the statement
of a 32 per cent increase in the cost of
living as "nonsense," and said that the
San Francisco street car employes were
already receiving the highest wages re
ceived anywhere on the Pacific Slope.
The increase in the*" cos^ of living, said
Moore, did not exceed 3 per cent in any
event, while a rearrangement of th'e runs
had Increased wages 17 per cent.. The
street car service does not require skilled
labor, but unskilled intelligent labor, only
three to seven days' being necessary to
learn the work, and the wages and con
ditions were so attractive as to draw
men constantly from other occupations in
San Francisco. He introduced testimony
to show that the wages paid were high
enough sd that the men could save money.
Stanford to Challenge Nevada.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 20.-
At a meeting of the Intersoclety Debat
ing League held to-day it was decided to
reject the challenges recently received
from the University of. Washington for
a series of three annual debates with
Stanford. A proposal to send a second
team from Stanford to debate with the
University of Nevada was acted upon fa
vorably. A challenge will accordingly be
sent to Nevada,
ST PAUL, Oct. 20.— L. J. Hart, secretary
of the St. Paul Board of Trade, died this aft
ernoon as a result of self-inflicted bullet
wounds In the head.
BELGRADE, Servia. Oct 20.— An edict will
shortly be gazetted naming former Queen Nata
lie sole ht-lress of the estate of her murdered
son. King Alexander.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 20. — Major General,
Chaffee, commanding the Department of the
East, and General Corbin will exchange sta
tions and duties next Monday.
• LINCOLN. Neb.. Oct. 20. — Robbers blew
open the bank at Pleasantdale, Neb., near her*,
at an early hour to-day, completely wrecking
the building and shattering the vault, but were
frightened away before they could obtain the
money. The vault held $30,000.
SIOUX FALLS, S. D.. Oct.- 20.— Colonel Wil
lis Wood, owner of the opera-house bearing hl3
name In Kansas City, has been divorced by
Judge Bennett of the Third Circuit. The plain
tiff alleged abandonment and cruelty. He has
made his home in South Dakota for a year.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 20. — Brigadier General
George L. Gilesple, chief of engineers, has been
assigned to duty as a member of the Joint
army and navy policy board, of which Ad
miral Dewey Is president, to fill the vacancy
caused by the transfer of Major General Cor
bln from Wp«Wreton to New York.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 20. — Baron Sternberr.
the German Embassador. will leave Washing
ton to-morrow morning for New York, whence
he will ' sail the latter part of the week for
Germany. He will carry with him perscona!
messages of friendship and good will from the
President to the Emperor and Prince Henry of
Prussia.-,-- .. ': n: ,--.iy.\ Siii -•-.¦•;- .'
GUILTY OP GRAND LARCENY.— Harry
Goldstein, a former messenger boy. was tried
before a jury in Judge Dunne's court yesterday
on a charge of robbery and a verdict of grand
larceny was returned. ¦ Ho will appear for. sen
tence on Saturday.
THE .SAN JTBA^CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1903.
2
To your measure for $15
Suppose you go to an exclusive tailor and order a long 50-
inch overcoat like the one pictured. He will charge you $25
or $30 and maybe more. He has to do it. He buys his cloth
from a jobber, and not direct from the mills. He charges
you for the style and he charges you for his name. He gets a
big price.
We make you this overcoat to your measure for $15. Here
you pay only for the merchandise, and it is never overpriced.
The cloth is bought direct from the mill at a saving of jobbers'
profits. .We make a hundred overcoats to the exclusive tail-
or's one. This immense volume reduces the cost of making,
and still the quality goes into the goods.
Place an order here- — we'll save you $10, make as stylish a
garment as you want and keep it in perfect repair.
We have some splendid rough cheviots we .would like to
show you that will make into stylish long overcoats.
Suits satisfactorily made to order for out-of-town customers
through our self-measuring system — write for blank and samples.
740 Market Street and
Corner Powell and Eddy Streets
ADVERTISEMENTS.
EACLESON I CO.'S
FALL OPENING
UNDERWEAR
HOSIERY
NECKWEAR
FANCY SHIRTS
NIGHT ROBES
Etc.
ALL THE LATEST
PRODUCTIONS
OF EUROPE AND AMERICA.
RELIABLE GOODS. .^
RIGHT PRICES. -^
748 and 750 MARKET ST.
242 MONTGOMERY ST.
30HEMIAK
x Pure. Pale and Sparkling. Bottled
Only at the Brewery in St. Louis.
SOLO EVERY WHEBE.
HILBKKT MEHCANTILE CO..
PaelHc Coast Agents. ,
®Vim, Vigor, Vitality for Men.
MORMON* BISHOP'S PILLd
havn b*en in use over fifty
yt-ars by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Pr>sltlv«ly cure tha
worst cases In old and younrf
arising from effects of aelf-
abuse, dissipation, excesses cr
cigarette smoking. Oura Lost J
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power. Nlsht Losses Insom-
nia. Pains In Back. Evil D«sires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility, Heailache. ITnfltneya to Mar-
ry. Loss of isemen, /«» Varicocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner *3 ff_# voua Twitchlnsc of
Eyelids. Effects are J^Z.^^ immediate. Impact
vigor and potency "'t'l'Sto every function.
Don't get despondent, a cure Is at hand. Ue-
etore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; W)c a box: « for
$2 BO by mail. A written guarantee to cur« or
money refunded 'with 6 boxes. Circulars fr*e.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 4ft Ellis at..
Fan Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. ia
and 40 Third at. ¦
EVERyBLADEWRRANTED
POLITICAL CABDS.
For
Mayor
A
HENRY J. CROCKER -
Republican
Nominee
JFor Public Administrator!
William thW
[Republican Nominee!
For Tax Collector
Edward J.
hjlTii 111
(INCUMBENT.)
Regular Republican Nominee
For Assessor: .
WASHIHBTONBOBSE
Democratic Nomee..
For Sheriff
Peter J. Curtis 4
Chairman Street Committee of Present Board
J o«
| ' Democratic Nominee
Union Labor Parti Nomlnes.
DE. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Fairly Sparkling In Beer Goodness"
JsQ OOP cl U DG E S \.
OF BEER, DECLARE
Superior from all points or
view; PoMesslaff atosolnt* par-
ity, proper ar« and Honest
rimver. Adapted to all t&stas
according: to Brew end Brand.
EIPOET IEEE PEITATE STOCK MUEICHEE2
Ask lor "BLATZ" at Club or Bar.
YAL BLATZ BREWING CO., MILWAUKEE
Braunschweiger & Co:,, me.
5 and 7 DRUMM ST., San Francisco.
Tel. MAin IM8. Wholesale Dealer*.
jn n TT O II 17 C FOR BARBERS. 1JA-
Ij Al U kJ 11 Hi O kers - bootblack*, bath-'
•i~rA.iwhs«.A«-ifc^ h0U8ei> billiard table*.
hr»w«r», bookbinders, candy-maker*, cannen.
dyen, flour mills, foundrlea. laundrte*. paptr-
hangtr*. printers, painters, rhoe factories.
• tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners. t&Uors. etc.
BCCEAHiff BEOS,
Brush XannXacttLrers; 609 Sacramento St.
Schools and Colleges.
C^Qfls^^^GSS
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF. THE
TVERT. - 24 Post st..' San Francisco. "Ca!.
Established 40 years. • . Open entire year.
Y.-jju for illustrated catalogue (free).
DO YOU GET UP
; WITH A LAME BACK?
Ha\/o You Rheuma.tism, Liver or
Bladder Trouble?
To Prove What SWAMP-ROOT, the Great Kidney, Liver
and Bladder Remedy, Will Do for YOU, All Our Readers
May Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Tain cr du!I ache in the back is un- rheumatism, bloating, irritability, worn-
mletakable evidence cf kidney trouble. It out feeling:, lack of ambition, loss of
If Natures timely warning tc show you flesh, callow complexion.
t Tf\ t^e t TaUr h s!^ t a h . S l8 a ?e° t u C n&ea. *2&SS2F& ?*%.«*™* &£"*£
more serious results are sure to follow; u »di*turbed in a glass or bottle for
BrlghfBfiiFe.se. which is the worst form l?$£; to ™ &?*• f , orm 5 a sedi^ n f <£
cf fcidr<-v trmihip mav ct*>ii i-nnn «mi settling, or has a cloudy appearance, it
Thoml!dL 0 rthee^r >^tna l ry 0n t .rrec a tof l j*«^%^}J t wr ™fr a *»* "**'
the world-famous kidney and bladder der need immediate attention,
remedy. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, is In taking Swamp-Root you afford natu-
puon realized. It stands the highest for ral help to -Nature, for' Swamp-Root ¦ Is
u? wonderful cures of the most distress- the most perfect healer and gentle aid to
ing cases. A trial will convince anyone the kidneys that is \ known to medical
—and you may .have a sample bottle science.
Tree, by mail. Swamp-Root is the grfat discovery of
-«-icp Sett Entirely Cured Kt. Dr. Kilmer, the eminent kidney and blad-
GentlMnen: I know you do not need this der specialist. Hospitals use it with won.
from me. as you are daily receiving hundreds derful success in both slight and severe
or testimonials. However. I want to say that I cases. Doctors recommend it to their
£i vn you tVM he * re , at , ert """^y on «arth patients and use it in their own families,
wn tr^Ki V * r troub1 *- l had l>ecause they recognize in Swamp-Root
up or many as twenty time* during the n! K ht. a trace of »t «n >OUr family h.Story, send
My attention was called to your Swamp-Root at °^ e ,J° D £- K U me r & I Co • Bingham-
and I pave it a thorourh trial and the result £ on> N - ,f •• wno wI11 gladly send you free
was th*t it completely cured me. by mail, immediately, without cost to
J. Yi\ ARMANTIIAUT, Greentown. Ind. vou . a sample bottle of Swamp-Root and
Ferttrcber 12. 1903. a book of wonderful Swamp-Root testi-
Lame back is only one symptom of nionials. Be sure to say that you read
kidney trouble — one of many. Other th1f! S^nerous offer in the San Francisco
symptoms showing that you need Daily Call.
Swamp-Root are being obliged to pass If you are already convinced that
water often during the day and to get Swamp-Root is what you need, you can
up many times at night, inability to hold purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-
lour urine, emarUng or irritation in passr dollar cite bottles at drugstores every-
lng. brick-dust or sediment in the urine, where. Don't make any mistake, but
catarrh of the bladder, uric acid, con- remember the name. Swamp-Root. Dr.
ttant headache, dizziness, sleeplessness. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the address,
nervousness. Irregular heart-beating. I Binehamton. N. Y.. on every bottleUNFORTUNATE VESSEXi WHICH STRUCK ON THE REEF OFF CAPE BLANCO. ON THE COAST OF ORE
GON, CAUSING THE LOSS OF MORE THAN A SCORE OF LIVES, AND ADDING THE FINAL DISASTER
TO A LONG SERIES OF MISHAPS. '
Continued From Page 1, Column 3.
Crowded "Raft
Drifts Away
From Wreck
PLAN MASQUERADE BALL.— The second
annual masquerade ball of Predta. Parlor No.
1S7. N. 8. O. W., will be given at Elntracht
Hall on Saturday evening, October 24.
OTTAWA. Ont.. Oct. 20. — The National
Transcontinental Railway bill was read a third
time In the Senate to-day and passed.
SAN DIEGO. Oct. 20.— Circuit Judge Jo
seph P. Roberts of Cairo, 111., died un
expectedly this mornJne at the home of
his sister, Mrs. Eliot, in this city. Judge
Roberts came here about six weeks ago
and at the time was in bad health, al
though nothing serious was anticipated.
His remains will be taken to Carbondale,
111., for Interment. He was a prominent
member of the Odd Fellows, Knights of
Pythias and' Elks. He leaves a wife, who
was With him when he passed away.
Circuit Judge Dies Suddenly.
Captain Mclntyre resides at 1061 Page
street. He Is married and has a boy and
a girl. Mrs. Mclntyre was greatly dis
turbed at the news of the loss of her
husband'6 vessel and fearful lest he
.Captain. J. B. Mclntyre: chief officer,
Charles Bruce; second officer, Killgore;
E. £fedhamson, carpenter; J. Biemfir. F.
Johnson. J. Rosedale, C. Blombeck, H.
Christoffsen. James Allvord, seamen;
steward, T. Coleman; first cook, Mike
Salmon; second cook, George Gould;
waiters, Manuel Rios, Ben Cowan; chief
engineer, James Ward; first assistant
engineer. C. Huson; second assistant
engineer. C. Plzzoti; oilers, J. McKeon
and J. Driscoll; firemen. B. Dougherty,
P. Glumm. P. Wolf, William Robinson,
W. Wilson.
The South Portland left here October
11 with ofScers and crew as follows:
OFFICERS AND CREW.
Here are a few of the troubles into
which her hoodoo has led her: She had
4 hole stove in her bow by the ice on
June 24, 1900, and only reached Nome in
safety by the grace of a calm sea. On
September 7 of the same year she- went
ashore on Sidney Spit. She was later
kedged off. While at section 2 of the
seawall, February 5, 1M1. her cargo of
lime took fire and she had to be scuttled.
She was seriously damaged and the 1500
barrels of lime which comprised her cargo
were lost. She remained in the mud, the
tide rising and falling In her hold and
cabin?, until March 17, 1901, when she was
raised and cgain put into commission. A
few months ago. while seeking refuge
.from a stcrm. her anchor fouled the
.weather bureau's cable connecting Point
Reyes with the Farallones and only by
the cutting of the cable was the vessel
saved from the rocks.
The Caroline Miller traded along the
Atlantic Coast for some time and was
finally purchased by the Progreso Steam
ship Companv, renamed South Portland
and brought cut to this coast, where she
had been sailing ever since. A few weeks
ago' che again changed owners and now
Ftanfis in the name of W. S. Scammell &
Co. of 3 California etreet.
Captain Miller, who now commands the
steamship Enterprise, was a member of
the pyndlcate. The rejuvenated. Ameri
canized Dawn was named after Mrs. Mil
ler, and Captain Miller assumed com
mand.
CRAFT OF MANY NAMES
The South Portland had visited Davy
Jor.cs' locker twice before and has bump
ed the high places of the ocean floor on
various occasions. The hoodoo's epell
yem* over her at sea and did not desert
Icr even when she was tied up snugly
alongside the wharf. She was wrecked
ence oa the Cuban coast. On a later oc
casion she took fire- while tied at the sea
wall and for her salvation had to be filled
with water until she foundered. She was
responsible for the cutting of the Faral
lones cable recently and in a host of minor
misadventures has made more than good
her right to the title of "hoodoo ship."
The South Portland was a vessel of 423
tons register. She was IS5.4 feet long.
23.1 feet in beam and 13 feet deep. She
•was built in 1SS3 at Grangemouth, Scot
land, and commenced her career as the
British steamship Dawn. She sailed to
America and entered the fruit trade be
tween New Tork and B.-iracoa. On her
first voyage, however, phe was wrecked
on Hossty reef on the north coast or
Cuba She was afterward raised, repaired
end purchased by a fjndicate which se
cured for her American register and
changed her name to Caroline Miller.
launching: had carried a hoodoo,
which operated under two flags and three
names and wa% always promptly In evi
dence whenever the little steamer's varied
occupation presented an opening.
_^_^,^ HE 6tcamship South Portland
ft Jr' was a vessel of comparatively
m Fmall power and modest dlmen-
J[ clor.s, but from the date of her
All the leadin* Binders of the Tivoli
company were in evidence. De Spada.
Agostino. Cortesl. Xapoleonl. Welch, Deg
low and Fograry were in the scene from
"La Traviata": De Benedetto and Mer
chesini in the "Aida" scene: Dado and
chorus in a splendid rendering of the Jor
dan scene from "Xabucco"; De Benedetto
in an aria from "Foraa del Destino";
Gregoretti and Ischlerdo in a duet from
"Forza del Destino": Ischlerdo, Grego
retti, Benedetto and Partlngton in the
"II Trovatore" number, and Tedeschi,
Borghese, Tromben. Travaglini and Mar
cheslni In the fourth act of "Rigoletto."
When Verdi music was not being sung
It was played in the shape of orchestral
selections. These Included the overtures
to "Nabucco" and "Forza del Destino"
and several melodies from "Ernanl" or
chestrated. The entire performance went
con amore. Jf Verdi could have listened
he would have been fully aware that his
operatic works are Etlll prized by sing
ers, orchestra and audience alike. The
people insisted on having repetitions, not
withstanding that the performance was
so long that it was near midnight when
the curtain fell for the last time. Then
the appearance before the curtain of the
singers in the "Rigoletti" act was de
manded. There has never been a more
successful Verdi night in the Tivoli.
The annual observance of Verdi night
at the Tivoli sufficed to crowd that home
of son* to Its utmost last night. The
throng took all the eeats and all the
standing room and vehemently applauded
the favorite melodies of the great maes
tro.
Selections From Several Works of
Great Huzter Are Sung and.
Played.
This was the first voyage on the South
Portland for Second Assistant Engineer
Plzzoti. He took the place at the last
minute of G. Munro, who was unable to
get away. He is unmarried.
The South Portland was valued at
SUH.000 and Insured for $25,000. The cargo
ot wheat she was bringing from Astoria
was valued at 530,000. It was shipped by
the following firms: W. A. Gordon, Bal
four. Guthrie & Co.. Kerr, GIfford & Co:
and the Portland Warehouse Company.
It was fully covered by insurance.
VERDI NIGHT CROWDS
TIVOLI TO OVERFLOWING
Chief Officer Bruce 1b a son of Captain
James Bruce, lately connected as marine
surveyor with the Firemen's Fund In
surance Company. He has a wife and
two children with whom he lives at 852
Filbert street.
Chief KnRlneer James A. Ward has a
wife and little girl at 1026 Noe street.
Ward had been on the South Portland for
seven months. He was transferred from
the Mackinaw, on which he had served
for two years. He was a water tender
on the San'Bonita when she was wrecked
off Point Arena.
should be held In any way responsible
for the disaster.
Strange Misfortunes the Fate of a
Craft That Earned a
Hoodoo J\[ame.
TERROR RULES OM DECKS OF THE DOOMED VESSEL
AMD CROWDED LIFEBOATS CAPSIZE IN THE SEA
Coaster Has a Narrow Escape 'From
Destruction at Oorda.
EUREKA. Oct. 30.-Th? steam schooner
laqua. during the thick fog of last n!*ht
struck the rocks off Point Gorda and Is
thought to be either nonr waiting for a"
tuK from San Francisco to tow her to
port or, proceeding slowly under her own
steam southward.
The report of the accident; which oc
curred at about midnisht. was brought
to Eureka this morning by th« steamer
Pomona, to which four of the\ix pas
i sengers on the laqua were transferred.
; The two remaining passengers, not thlnk
1 Ing themselves In any particular danger,
declined to leave the ship.
From the passengers on the laqua It
was learned that the vessel while en
deavoring to avoid a rock which loomed
up ahead was backed into a number of
smaller rocks astern. After bumping and
scraping among them the steamer finally
got Into deeper water. When the rocks
were cleared It was found tnat she had
lost her rudder and was leaking. The
pumps soon • got the water under control
and when the passengers left there
seemed little danger from, this source.
The mate was In charge when the vessel
struck, according , to the version of the
passengers. Captain ] BonifleM was im
mediately called and succeeded In. getting
the vessel into safe water.
The Pomona heard the laqua' s signal
of distress at about 4 o'clock this morn
ing. As soon as possible. Captain Swan
son brought the steamship close enrugh
to hail the disabled vessel. A boat front*
the laqua brought' Captain . Bonifleld
aboard the Pomona,* and arrangements
were made ' to transfer the passengers.
Captain Bonifleld concluded _to get along
. without. *a". tow '.until the; owners Irrr Eu
reka, the Shingle .Company, could . ar
range to send a tug from ¦ San Francisco.
George A. Kellogg of this city, manager
of the laqua. has telephoned to San Fran
cisco' for a tug. .'It Is thought that Cap
tain ; Bonifleld will rig. a : Jury,; rudder and
make what distance he can before the tug
reaches him. ¦ -
The laqua has < had an unfortunate ex
perience. While under, command of = Cap
tain Basch, her first master, on January
IAQUA STRIKES ROCKS.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 20.— The Presi
dent to-day Issued the following procla
mation:
By the President of the United States of
America — A Proclamation:
Whereas, ¦ By a resolution of the Senate
March 1. 1903. the approval by Congress of
the reciprocal commercial convention between
the United States and the republic of Cuba.
signed at Havana December 11. 1902. is nec
essary before the said convention shall uk«
effect; and.
Whereas. It is important to the public In
terests of the United States that the said con
vention shall become operative as early as
may be.
Therefore. I, Theodore Roosevelt. Presivl»nt
of the United States of America, by virtue of
the power vested in me by the constitution, do
hereby proclaim and declare that an extraordi
nary occasion requires the convening of both
houses of the Congress of the United States at
their respective chambers In the city of Wash
ington on the ninth day of November next, at
12 o'clock noon, to the end that they may con
sider and determine whether the approval of
the Congress shall be given to the said conven
tion..
All persons entitled to act as members of th*
Fifty-eighth Congress are requested to tak»
notlc* of this proclamation.
Given under my hand and seal of the United
States at Washington, the twentieth day of Oc
tober. I In the year of our Lord one thousand
nine hundred and thrc«, and of the indepen
dence of the United States the one hundred and
twenty-eighth.
THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
By the President:
JOHN' HAT. Secretary of State.
President Roosevelt Is-'
sues the Call to
Congress.
EXTRA SESSION
IS SUMMONED
Captain Swanson further stated that
there was a southwest swell on and the
weather was very thick.
"I do not care to discuss the causes of
the accident, as I do not know anything
tibout them. In .talking to me, however.
Captain Bonlfleld said that he had tafcen
particular precautions to clear Point
Gorda, and that if he had been 400 yards
farther out he would have cleared every
thing." . . ...
3, 1901. she went on Duxbury reef, knock
ing out her bottom. She was finally
floated and towed to San Francisco,
where she was 'repaired at great cost.
Her next accident ¦ was last year about
this time when off Point Gorda; she broke
her shaft and was towed to San Fran
cisco. At that time she was In command
of Captain Kylin. W. H. Carroll, travel-
Ing representative of a liquor house In
San Francisco, who was one of the pass
engers on the laqua transferred to the
Pomona, stated as follows: »
"A bumping and crunching noise
awakened me at about 12 o'clock. When
I got on deck the ship had been got
clear of the rocks. The fog was thick,
and I could not see the rocks of the
point, but I could hear the surf breaking
over the rocks. I learned that It was
the mate's watch. If he had not been
keeping a good lookout, the boat would
have probably, struck the rock in front of
us, and the accident would have been
worse. The vessel received her Injuries
while backing away from the danger
ahead of her. As soon as the danger
ahead was apparent. Captain Bonlfleld
was called. We had been running: under
a slow bell all night, and it Is natural to
suppose that with the continuance of
the fog the speed had not been Increased.
In conversation with Captain Bonifield
after the accident, he said that he laid
the course fully three-eighths of a point
farther out than usual for the very pur
pose of giving. Point Gorda a . wide
berth."
Captain Swanson of the Pomona stated
as follows :~-$&2$i
Mrs. Fletcher Bent, the woman whose
son was saved,. Is the wife of one of the
owners of the lost steamer. She came out
to the coast from the East and according
to Captain Patterson, who met her on the
eteamer last Sunday, her home Is in Nova
Scotia. . r : -.v;
sel of her capacity. The passengers had
boarded the vessel early in the evening
on Saturday, as the exact hour of de
parture had not been fixed. It depending,
as usual, upon the finishing of the cargo.
On her way down the river the 'steamer
righted and before leaving Astoria she
had a slight list to port.
No passengers embarked at Astoria, as
the berths were all occupied. The steam
er was under orders to proceed directly
to San Francisco, and all was well at
2 o'clock Sunday afternoon, when In the
hands of Captain Mclntyre she crossed
out over the bar. A report from Astoria
says that the South Portland was some
what heavy at the *ow when she .de
parted, but marine men say this would
have no bearing on the case, as It was
due to the thick fog that the vessel ran
on the reef.' Had she foundered as a
result of rough water, the weight and po
sition of the cargo might hAve had some
thing to do with the accident. :
First Officer Bruce, who was at first
reported among the lost, is a son of Cap
tain Bruce, a prominent ship owner of
San Francisco. Second Officer- Killgore
also comes from a family of seafaring
men, being the son of Captain Killgore,
a veteran mariner on the Pacific Coast!
Little Is known here of the crew. The
steamer making San Francisco her home
port, it Is supposed that most of the men
hail from that port,
According to reports from survivors, It
was from twenty minutes to one hour
after striking: the reef until the South
Portland sank. The vessel is presumed
to have struck on the northwest swash
rock of Cape Blanco reef. In launching
the boat they evidently dumped the pas
sengers and erew^as No. 1 boat is still
adrift without occupants. No. 2 boat", in
charge of Captain Mclntyre, landed, at
Port Orford beach at 5:30 a. m. with seven
persons aboard. This boat, manned by
two survivors and Port Orford men, put
out In search of the raft; and succeeded
In, finding and landing it at Port Orford
with the remaining survivors at 12:30 p"ml'
The tug of the Simpson Lumber Com
pany and the Bandon life-saving crew
are using thelrbest endeavors to rescue
any other survivors. First Officer Bruce;
who was. on the bridge at the time of
the disaster, and Chief Engineer Ward
The latest advices to-night from Port
Orford are , that the relief parties have
returned to shore, having been driven In
by the fog and darkness. The tug Co
lumbia was sighted near the scene of the
wreck and she is expected to cruise
around there until morning. It is now
thought that only six more lives on the
wrecked steamer can be saved, as all the
others have perished. These six were last
seen clinging to a second raft constructed
out of the steamer's hatches and were
being carried in a southerly direction by
the current. The only hope for their re
covery Is that the wind will drive them
near shore, where they can be picked up.
The survivors of the wreck are being
tenderly cared for at Knapp's Hotel, in
Port Orford, where everything that can
add to their comfort Is provided. They
will all be In a condition to move to-mor
row,, and will start on their way home.
A patrol has been placed on the beach
in the immediate .vl&nity of the wreck
and wherever- it is anticipated t^ie cur
rent will carry the few remaining sur
vivors ashore. Only at intervals to-day
was the weather such as to permit of
any rescue work, the fog would set in
now and then and come up and down as
quickly as a drop curtain.
TUG NEAR THE WRECK.
Captain Mclntyre Is disinclined to talk
for publication on the matter pertaining
to the course his ship was traveling, or
whether she was off her course when she
ran on Blanco reef. When questioned by
a correspondent, hejsald:
"We had been running In a blinding
fog ever since we left the Columbia
River and lt> was very thick when we
struck. You could not see any distance.
There were seventeen In my boat when
we left the sinking steamer. When away
from the ship's side our boat swamped
and went down. I, with a seaman, got
In again, bailed her out and got five
others In with us. It was 4:40 yesterday
afternoon when we struck and we were
in the boat until 5:30 this morrBng, hav
ing to make shore with one oar and a
piece of mast. I will .make my* full and
complete statement as to the cause of the
accident to the inspectors."
The Bandon life-saving crew went over
land to Port Crford and relieved Cap
tain Mclntyre's exhausted crew, who are
In search of survivors, and they had not
returned at a late hour. The tug Colum
bia is In the vicinity of the wreck, having
left Coos Bay at 10 o'clock this morning,
as- soon as the fog cleared so she could
get/ out, but no news has been heard of
her.
LIFE-SAVERS ON WATCH.
seaman. Charles Huron, the first assist
ant engineer, died as they were taking
him off the life raft from exposure, ...
RAFT SEEN AT SEA.
Six Unfortunates May Have Been
Rescued In the Night.
PORT ORFORD. Oct. 20.— It seems that
a raft made of spars, with planks lashed
crosswise on them, is adrift somewhere
In the ocean with six people on it. Chief
Engineer Ward, who was on" the big raft,
reports having seen ..this little raft after
leaving: the ship. There was no room on
the bigger float for the six survivors and
the two makeshift crafts drifted apart in
the fog.
A report from Band on says that a raft
with six people on It was seen off the
coast there this evening and if so the
survivors may have been rescued ere this.
Communication is very difficult in this
desolate part of the country.
The Coqullle river life-saving crew
which answered the distress signals dis
played by the South Portland is in charge
of Captain Robert Johnson, who has been
In charge of this station since November
14, 1S99. He was promoted to the Coqullle
river station from San Francisco, where
he served In command of the life savers
for several years. The members of the
crew are Charles T. Flager, Jam.es M.
Langlos, 'William Dennick, Reuben A.
Gardner. Howard F. Culver, J. U Stltt
and W. P. Cecil.
GAME LAW VIOLATORS PUNISHED.—
Justice of the Peace Crockett of Uklah fined
H. 8/ Smith $30 "" yesterday j and sentenced
Charles Davis to thirty days' Imprisonment
for violations of the deer law. Justice of the
Peace BIffgs of Benicla held M. George and
George Detro to answer before the Superior
Court in (2000 ball each for using nets in Sui
sun Bay.
CAPTAIN MOONEY TO WED.— Captain of
Police Mooney of the City Hall station will he
married at noon to-day to Miss Nellie A. Glylin.
niece of ex-Police Commissioner Tobln. The
happy couple Intend to spend their honeymoon
in I.ic» Angeles. » -. --f
Continued From Page 1, Column 6.
Boat Shows
Jl Heavy List
As She Sails
are riven full credit and praise for their
conduct during the exdtemerit.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDIHESD AY, OCTOBER 21, 1903.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JNO. J. FULTON CO.
¦ ' ¦ \
Invite Attention to Their
Seasonable Underwear
j£Y COLD WEATHER
y| I I with rains and nip-
Xfe% ft ping winds are due
soon. How about
your Winter Underwear?
Better let us fit you out right ; ;v
away. May save you a doctor's
Three Materials— Wools, Merinos, Worsteds.
Three Weights — Light, Medium, Heavy.
Three Shades — Natural Gray, Vicuna, Camel's Hair.
Three Prices: $2— $2.50— $3 the Suit
FORM-FITTING WOOL WORSTED
With either blue or pink mercerized Silk Stripes — unshrink-
able, non-irritating, soft and pliable— unfading colors — very
sightly garments.
Two qualities: $3.00 and $4.00 the Suit
C Take note of our window display of these garments.
KEARNY AJ POST
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters selling's Best tea is of mid.
i^S,!^ 11^-^^ 0^ dling prices; five -kinds. Fou:
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Speclat
™ C V h f Se>:u:iI °nMM. tor both sexel rolTp»S the s ame .
The Mexican R..~edy r cr Diseases ot the LUiIt -^- b U1C
Klioeys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits - . «. '
NABER, ALFS? & BRUXF. ApFnt« At your grow S ; mooeyhMk
:S23 Market *,t.. £. F— <Send for Circular*.) J
£H£BJ$!M fly B Every woman covets a
loss of their girlish forms
H^&J&F after marriage. The bearing
. ' All of this can be avoided,'
however, by the use of Mother's Friend before baby cbmes, as this
great liniment always prepares the body for the strain .upon it, and
preserves the symmetry of her form. Mother's Friead overcomes all the
danger of child-birth, and carries the expectant mother safely through
this critical period without pain. It is woman's greatest blessing.
Thousands gratefully tell of the benefit and relief derived from th«
use of this wonderful
book, telling all about BBBM " B B
this liniment, will be sent free. JjiT^ FfrQ £T jgfTh fSiB
Th BMIeM Hegalite Co., Ailuta, Ga. S B B%&BB%%
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Brlght's Disease and Diabetes are' now cur-
able by the Fulton Compounds In, nearly, nlpe-
tenths . of : all • cases. ¦ Jno. J. Fulton ¦ Co., • 409
Washington ' street; San -Francisco,- sole com-
pounders. Literature and list of 500 agents free.
US Quartermaster's Department,-'
' SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 18. 1003.
W. P. Jackson. ; Esq.. care G. Somers & Ca,
St. Paul, Minn. —
' Dear Sir: I have yours of the 13th. . I was
out of town or would have nnswered before.
I can tell you what the Fulton Compcu|ds did
In my case. ' ' ¦ v
It is now four years since I first took the
Conir>ound ' for Diabetes. I took about eight-
een bottles. I was so weak when 1 first com-
menced takins it that; I couldn't walk from
the ferry to .my office without sitting dawn
three or four time*. I noticed Improvement
from the first and it was then irradual until
I was well. One of the leading physicians
here whom I consulted durinr my Illness had
told me that there was so much sugar that
1 would never set over it. After 1 had got
well I went ! to see him again and he could
hardly -believe It.
1 would also say that not alone did my own
case demonstrate the truth of the claims of
the Compound. , but I have several friends who
recovered. I have no hesitancy In saying that
the cure for Diabetes is here. .
I was told of the Compound by Mr. Edward
Short of 'The Call. He was In about the same
condition that I was at one time. He > re-
covered, and his recovery. was what interested
me. . ¦
I will add -that a gentleman was In our office
the other day. and knowing of my recovery he
mentioned the fact that, both he and. his little
daughter, seven years old. had ; had diabetes
arid had recovered under this Compound. " He
told It • In the ' presence 'of a number of ' us
He wanted me to know of It, as my name
was in the. list of recoveries. I do not recall
his name, but can «et It.^ Yours f truly,
WILLIAM HAWKINS.
ter's Department. San Francisco Cal. —
Dear Sir: Will you be kind enough to let
me know what has been your experience with
Jno. J. Fulton's Compound ror Diabetes.' . I
am a sufferer from this disease and denpalr of
ucttlng any , better. . If you have been cured
by the above can you put me. In touch with the
soured of supply? Courteously requesting an
early reply, I am, yours truly,
W. P. JACKSON.
Care G. Somers & Co.; St. Paul. - ; -,
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 19. 1003.
We are permitted to copy the following
letters: e
ST. PAUl* Minn.. SeDt. 11. 1903.
Colonel "William Hawkins. U. S. Quartermas-
Brighfs Disease and
Diabetes News.
ADVERTISEMENTS*
- If you haven't bouglit you arc fortunate, for the chances
are you could not have purchased the goods for such a price
as we mention here.
These suits, on special sale, are made of fast colored bal-
briggan, that will not rub off or fade in the washing. The col-
ors are marine blue, sky blue, garnet, pink, blue mottled, black
mottled and solid black. Other features arc satin finish front
on shirt, sateen front on drawers, double-sewed seams, pearl
buttons, soft inside finish — they will not scratch. In fact,
they look and wear like much higher priced garments. The
sale price is
8§c a suit
Now is your time to lay in your fall and winter supply of
underwear. We have higher priced garments if you wish, but
would like you to see these, anyway.
Oitt-tof-town orders filled. Write us.
740 Market StreetA woman thinks she is having a , real
good time when she can find something to
cry over without actually feeling, bad.
.TURNS ON GAS.— Jens 'Jensen, an aged
man, residing at 336 Sanchez street, turned on
the eas in his room yesterday, morning with
suicidal': Intent.'. He was ' discovered by his
landlord . and , removed . to > the . Emergency Hos
pital in time to save his life.
-'¦' Rabbi 'Abraham Reser, formerly of
Brooklyn, is in Omaha, Nebr., founding, a
children's synagogue, '¦ In which Hebrew
and : the ¦ English translations may be
taught and for educational purposes. He
is by birth a Russian, and gets from the
Czar a pension of $75 a year. >
CHARGE 18 REDUCED.— John Russell was
found guilty of petty 'larceny In Police Judge
Mosan'i .. court ; yesterday afternoon and sen
tenced to : three months In the County -Jail.
He stole a lot of -clothes from a saloon.
A variance between the spelling and the
pronunciation of a name has almost come
to.be a sign of aristocracy: it indicates
family antiquity. There Is a tradition of
a Virginia family, the orthographical rep
resentation of whose name was "En
ronghty," but who Insisted upon calling
it ."Darby." • But was there originally any
satisfaction in seeing the. family name
mutilated m the popular mouth? Of
course not:^ it In as certain that the first
Darlrymples were outraged at seeing their
proud designation corrupted to "Drum
pie,", as that, the tenth Earl of Stair to
day would : be . horrified to hear . It given
the : ancient sound. . Mr. Roosevelt may
prefer a' certain pronunciation. His' uncle
is known to prefer still another— the strict
Dutch. • But .when the Roosevelts came
over ;they ; dropped their accustomed -lan
guage; they submitted to the customs of
this country; part of them consented to a
modification of their name,' though they
do not- appear ; to have , agreed upon a
settled form. The public will settle the
matter for them.— Philadelphia Ledger.
The Matter of Names.
Charles T. Taylor. Mayor-elect of Man
kato, Minn., is the heaviest chief execu
tive of any city in the United States. He
weighs 403 pounds, but is as nimble as a
kitten and one of the fastest pedestrians
in the city. He is a Democrat of the
strictest sort. :; ?V;r'
The total commerce of Abyssinia Is
about J9.50O.00O a year.
Alameda's Light Bill.
ALA1IEDA. Oct 23.— The expensed of
the municipal electric light plant for Sep
tember were $2145 10 and the earnings
$1099 45, leaving the cost of public light
ing to the city $1045 45. Professor C. L.
Cory of the University of California was
to-day paid $3o0 for the expert Inspection
he made of the municipal light system.
* , LAMED A. Oct. 20.— Jerome K.
/\ ' Jerome's comeSietta. "When
f*=\ Greek Meets Greek," which has
<*• ¦** been in preparation by a com-
pany of students of the Decem
ber class of the Alameda High School
for a month, will be presented in Armory
Hall on Saturday evening, October 3L
Edward R. Allen, manager, and Vero
Hunter, coach of the young Thespians,
are enthusiastic over the talent they have
displayed in the rehearsals and assert
that the performance will surpass any
presented heretofore "by High School stu
dents.
THE YAQUI WOMEN
SHOW GREAT BRAVERY
They May Now Pose as the Amazons
of America.
In some respects the Yaqui Indian wo
men of Northern Mexico are peerless
throughout the world. A generation ago
General Sherman said that the Yaquis
were the Spartans of America, Had he
lived till. now he might have added that
the wives and daughters of the Yaquis
are the modern Amazons, for the women
of that Indian tribe are active partici
pants in the interminable warfare that
the Yaquis wage against the Mexican
soldiery.
Here is a bit of a recent official state
ment made by Surgeon Jose Batiste Al
varado of Guaymas, Mexico, to General
Torres, commander of the third zone in
the republic:
"Five Yaqui women soldiers captured
by the Mexicans were In the public hos
pitals on the outskirts of Guaymas last
month,. Each had a gunshot wound.'
None uttered complaint at any time, no
matter what her suffering might be. One
woman's hand was half shot away, the
result of a bullet wound two years ago.
She said she had gone back to her hus
band In the Yaoul camp as soon as the
hand healed, and that she would stick
to her share in the war with Mexico
until she was killed. One of the women
In the hospital died with blood poisoning
from a saber cut in the head. I ampu
tated one young Yaqui woman soldier's
leg at the knee."
This statement, simple and brief as it
is, outlines significantly the heroic part
played by the feminine members of the
great Yaqui tribe In Its rebellion against
the authority of President Diaz In Mex
ico. Down among the lonely canyons
and' across, the yellow, sandy wastes of
Sonora and Chihuahua, Mexico, trage
dies told by the rurales and army officers
testify to the marvelous daring and phys
ical endurance of the Yaqui women,
whose one idea in life is tp die with their
faces to the Mexican foe. The principle
that fires the blood in their veins to mur
derous heat is as precious to their sav
age breasts as that which has urged any
people to, fight against a dictating and
encroaching power. They refuse to have
their abiding places chalked out by hated
hands upon the land that was their own
for centuries, and for possession of which
they have fought since that day that Cor
tez came.
In every camp of Mexican soldiers ve
racious anecdotes are related of young,
strong and graceful Yaqul women, who,
leaving their rude homes, have,. gone
among the gulches ' and mountain passes
to risk their lives by shot and shell, to
endure the awful privations of war and to
shoot and slay Mexicans, Just as their
fathers and brothers and 'husbands are
doing. - Dally the Mexican army officers
tell of Yaqui girls who. have been drilled
in the work of a soldier from their early
youth, and who have looked upon a sol
dier's life as a sacred 'duty in defense of
ancient tribal rights.— Brooklyn Eagle.
Japanese and Germans have the same
average brain weight.
PETITION DENIED.— The United States
Circuit Court of Appeals yesterday denied tho
petition of. the Montana Ore Purchasing Com-'
pany for a Ktay of proceedings 'in 'tho litiga
tion between It and the Butte and Boston
Consolidated Mining Company.
Native Sons' Committee.
BERKELEY. Oct. 23.— Berkeley Parlor
No. 21. Native Sons of the Golden West,
has appointed Robert T. Welch, Frank
McAllister and Harry Hoffman a commit
tee to make arrangements for the Native
Sons' celebration in Idora Park next
Wrdnesday night.
Water Front Land Sold.
OAKLAND. Oct. 20.— A deed was filed
for .record to-day- transfering a valuable
lot from the Oakland Water Front Com
pany "to the Puget Sound Lumber Com
pany, that gives a right of way from
the fqot of Clay street to the channel of
Oakland harbor. The lot Is located at
First And Clay streets and extends from
First- street to the channel. Vessels
laden with lumber can now come up to
the wharves of the company with their
cargf.^es. The nominal sum of $10 is put
in tha deed as the purchase price. -
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Oct. 20. — The following
mar^age licenses were issued by the
Counjty Clerk to-day: Charles Sephton.
24. ajid Marie L. Bronson, 20, both of
Alati-jeda; Arthur M. Sheakley, over -21,
Stockton, and Ellen E. PInkney, over 18,
Oakland; Forest H. Carlisle, 21, and Jule
E. Cohen, 21, both of Oakland; George W.
McCabe, 23, Alameda, and Anita Le
Count, 19, Oakland; Cola E. Wright, 21.
and Josephine Chambers, 24, both of San
Francisco.
Bank Increases Stock.
OAKLAND, Oct. 20.— Notice of the in
crease of the capital stock of the
Athenian Bank of pakland, by the share
holders of the corporation at a meeting
held on October 12, from $75,000 to $1,000.
000 and the number of shares from 750 to
10.000, at the par value of $100, was filed
with the County Clerk to-day.
Emery Sent to Asylum.
OAKLAND. Oct. 20.— A. R. Emery was
committed to the insane asylum at Stock
ton by the Lunacy Commission to-day. He
lived ¦ with his son. Charles, at 513 Eigh
teenth street, who stated that his father
had attempted his life.
OAKLAND, Oct. 20.— M. L. Broadweil of
258 Oakland avenue and J. F. Collins of
2120 Magnolia 6treet have reported to the
police the theft of tools from a new house
at Grove and Thirty-sixth streets. James
E. Erwin of 1455 West street reported the
theft of a shotgun from his house.
Petty Thefts Reported.
Few people have any idea of the enor
mous number of passengers carried by.
the street railways of a large city. The
street railways of Greater New York car
ry nearly 1,000,000,000 passengers a year.
Two companies, the Manhattan Elevated
and the Metropolitan Street Railway, an
nually carry more passengers than are
carried by the entire 200.000 miles of steam
railroads in the United States. During
1902 the Manhattan Elevated carried 223,
000,000 passengers, and the Metropolitan
carried 301,000.000 passengers.— Express
Gazette.
A Billion Passengers.
Mrs. Archibald Little in a recent maga
zine article says in describing the Chinese
court, th'at the Empress Dowager Is of
"the type so well known in every land
where society exists. Were sh« an Eng
lish mother she would, one feels at once,
marry all her daughters to eldest sons,
irrespective of whether they were luna
tics of confirmed dipsomaniacs." The
Emperor of China is of another disposi
tion. At a party he repeatedly, kissed a
little American girl of 5 years. "How
had the very idea of such a thing ever
been suggested to him? No Chinese man
throughout the whole length and breadth
of the vast Chinese empire ever kisses
wife or child unless he has been taught
to do so by a foreigner. No Chinese
mother ever kisses her child.. The nearest
she gets to it Is lifting her child's face
up to hers, and, as it were, smelling at
it. Yet here was the Emperor of China
evidently versed in the practice, so; that
directly he saw this foreign little girl he
took her. up and kissed her as If it were
the most natural thing in^the world, while
to the everyday Chinaman this would be
a most unnatural and Indeed repulsive
proceeding. — Chicago News.
China's Empress.
BERKELEY, Oct. 21-Mrs. Charlotte
Ann Voyle, wife of Joseph Voyle, died
Fuddenly last night at her home, 2214 Ful
ton street. She had been suffering from
rheumatism for a long time, but as she
died without the attendance of a physi
cian twenty-four hours before death the
Coroner will hold an inquest.
Passes Away Unattended.
They are trooping back by the thou
sands, our fellow citizens who have voy
aged abroad this season to learn the su
perior delights of home. One liner recent
ly came In with the largest number
almost a thousand — of cabin passengers
ever brought across- the Atlantic In a
single boat. All of these who are Ameri
cans are back with lively impressions of
strange lands, with memories of Alpine
glimpses, of experiences in Vienna and
Paris, perhaps of attendance on that rare
Roman funeral and holiday; all have
tales of adventure to tell us, and in the
hearts of all is the common gladness of
betng home.
To Emerson the chief delight of travel
lay In the return from a foreign shore;
a feeling akin to that with which the de
vout Teligionlst **turns." as did Tennyson,
"again home." There is no place like it.
That Is the feeling. Burdened with alien
remembrances and disburdened of cash,
the American comes back across sea3
with a full knowledge of the reason that
Dr. Edward Everett Hale's story of "The
Man Without a Country" ia accounted a
classic. — New York Mall and Express.
From a Foreign Shore.
Chairman, Senator J. R. Knowland; sec
retary. George W. Frick: W. D. Sagehorn,
J. J. McElroy, D. W. Doody, C. P. Ma
gagnoe, C. F. Harvey, J. D. Vestal. G. A.
Taylor. George J. Hans, Dr. W. H. Ab
bey. Harry White, E. G. Buswell. E. F.
Garrison, J. F. Hansen, W. E. Bamber,
H. von Tagen, George R. Stetson, John
Naegle. L. C. Hawley, Frank McAllis
ter and H. H. Hoffman.
OAKLAND, Oct. 2O.-The Native Sons
of the Golden West have taken charge of
a minstrel and vaudeville entertainment,
which will be given to-morrow evening at
Idora Park. The proceeds will go to the
fund which is being raised to defray the
expenses of the exercises to attend the
launching of the cruiser California and to
purchase a silver service for the new man
of war that will bear the name of the
Golden State. The programme is lengthy
and alive with entertaining numbers.
Members of the committee in charge are
as follows:
Native Sons Announce Minstrels and
Vaudeville at Idora Park This
' Evening.
WILL GIVE A SHOW
FOR CRUISER FUND
Being assured that it was a fact that
he had been appointed Minister to Mex
ico, the neero said:
"Well, ef dat's de case, all I Bot ter
say is I hope ef Mars' Matt is really done
give up polertics and cotton plantin* an*
tuk ter preachin' he won't bring no scan'al
on de church."
A prominent North Carolina visitor at
Washington the other day told the foi
ling at the expense of former Senator
Matt W. Ransom of the Tarheel State:
In 1S9S President Cleveland appointed
General Ransom United States Minister
to Mexico. Everybody around Weldon
got to discussing the appointment. One
of the former slaves of the ex-Senator
was told of his old master's good luck,
and was asked what he had to say
about it.
! "I kin hardly bleeve dat news." he said,
"fer it seem pow'ful strange ter me dat at
his time er life he'd jine de ministry."
"Mars' Matt's" Conversion.
The figures following, taken from a
carefully prepared statistical table, show
how women have. invaded lines of em
ployment. In the service of the State
there are 1178 female clerks and 3610
males; in the cities and towns, 126S fe
males and 10,408 males. Of the 2276 clerr
gymen in Massachusetts 15 are women.
There are % female missionaries, 8 law
yers, 462 physicians, 27' dentists. 24 sur
geons, 63 editors, 60 Journalists. 30 repor
ters, 263 actresses, against 365 actors. 69
college professors, 13,222 female and 1517
male teachers, 51 women pursuing scien
tific work, 2325 boarding-house keeper*-, 10
women saloonkeepers. 10 women coach
men, 6462 domestic cooks and 1589 em
ployed in hotels, boardlifg-houses, and so
forth. 4 women grooms, 42.6S3 domestic
servants, 1332 waitresses, 22 women bar
bers, against 4922 men; 58 female private
secretaries, 3021 female stenographers,
against 533 males: 3014 washerwomen, 24,
] 42 Women employed in various branches
of trade. 18,148 women employed in the
boot and shoe industry. 1992 in the mnnu
facture of Jewelry, and so forth; 34,407 In
the clothing industry, 16,443 dressmakers,
S5 women manufacturers. 39,167 female
cotton operatives, against 39,614 moles;
9.895 female woolen operatives, against 16,
272 males: 2099 female worsted operatives,
against 1695 males. There are 2312 female
children who work for a living and 3223
males? or 59 and 41 per cent.
In- the State there are 1,079,090 persons
who:wbrk for a living, and of this number
37.37j per cent are native born, 21.65 per
cent foreign born or of foreign descent,
14.79 foreign born. 11.96 foreign born and
naturalized and 14.23 foreign born aliens.
The total number of female employes is
292,636, of whom 142,951 work in the man
ufacturing line and 96,047 as domestics.
The percentage of female employes is 27,
against 73 males. Females show a total
Increase of 40.86 per cent in the profes
sional class. The number of female chil
dren, at work has more .than doubled, "the
percentage of Increase being 104.06.— New
¦York Commercial. >
"Sex in Industry" is the title of a re
port'just issued by the Massachusetts Bu
reau of Statistics. It shows that in fifty
years the birth rate has fallen from 28
per 1000 of the population to 23; mariiages
from 23 to l". while the present ratio of
divorce is 1 divorce to about every 18
marriages, as against 1 to every 34 fifty
years ago. The average age of brides
and bridegrooms has gone up from 28 to
29 and 24 to 25, respectively. Employed In
gainful occupations in 1900 were 1.20S.491
of both sexes, of whom 879,458 were males
and 329.033 females, or 72.77 and 27.23 per
cent, respectively.
"Sex in Industry" Issued by ' the
State Gives Many Interesting
Facts.
WOMEN WORKERS
IN MASSACHUSETTS
Already hundreds of tickets have been
disposed of and a crowded house is as
sured. The proceeds of the entertainment
are to be used by the. class of December,
1903, in publishing a graduating edition of
the Acorn, the Alameda High School's of
ficial paper. " . •
Those in the cast of "When Greek
Meets Greek" are Miss Ida Pattiani, Miss
Ethel Amarin, Herbert Bruntsch and J.
Howard Johnston. Bruntsch is the only
member of the company who has tread
the boards before. He revels in comedy
and as a mirth manufacturer does a large
business after the curtain ascends.
Suit for divorce was instituted to-day
by Sarah J. Dagner against Louis Dag
ncr on the grounds of desertion. They
were married in Illinois in 1S78.
Josephine Allen was granted a divorce
to-day by Judge Melvin from Ethan
Allen on the grounds of desertion. They
were married in IMiS. Mrs. Alen Is living
at present in Berkeley.
A decree of divorce was granted to
Christina Charbonnat to-day by Judge
Ogden from August Charbonnat on the
grounds of cruelty and infidelity. She
was also awarded $20 a month alimony.
The Charbonnats live in Alaroeda and
conduct a email store at Green and
Powell streets in San Francisco.
OAKLAND, Oct. 20.— Ruby L. Le Roy
was granted a divorce to-day by Judge
Ogden from Georjre H. Le Roy, proprietor
of Wonder Park at Frultvale. on the
grounds of cruelty. She was given the
custody of their only child and was
a-warded $20 a month alimony.
COURTS GIVE UNHAPPY
WIVES THEIR FREEDOM
Suby Le Roy, Josephine Allen and
Christina Charbonnat Released
From Irkscme Bonds.
Orders Made in Settlement of the
Various Interests of the
Heirs.
OAKLAND. Oct. 20.— Partial distribu
tion was ordered to-day by Judge Ells
worth of the estate of the late E. B.
Mastick. The property is valued at $130,.
000 and is ordered distributed to the five
sons and three daughters of deceased.
An order has been made in the matter
of the estate of the late Louis Ghlrardelli
setting aside a monthly allowance of $205
for the support of the widow and minor
children.
An accounting of the executor of the
estate of Mrs. Julia Coleman has been
filed, showing that $23,000 has been re
ceived in the last year and $6000 expended.
E. "\V. Hogan ¦ and Catherine Hogan
have been appointed as administrator and
administratrix of the estate of John M.
Canty. The estate is valued at $100,000.
An inventory filed of the estate of the
late Amos Mecartney shows it to. be
worth $213,000. The property consists*
mainly of realty at Bay Farm Island. ***
LARGE ESTATES BEFORE
THE PROBATE COURTS
MANAGER AND ONE OP THE CAST OF THE COMEDIETTA, "WHEN
GREEK MEETS GREEK," TO BE GIVEN BY ALAMEDA HIGH
SCHOOL. STUDENTS. '
"Will you see a man? Then behold me!
I am a Somali, as perfect in size and form
as Adam was, after God had breathed
into him his immortal soul. Look how
beautiful my curly hair is, and how mti
jestic 1 look when wrapped from head to
foot in my snow-white or jungle colored
lobe, although there be sometimes only
one pie (a small piece of money) tied to
it. My house is the desert, and I am
born n free man. j Free as the wind. I
know neither king nor master. I am as
Adam was, my own master and king. In
the jungle I tend my camels and sheep;
my only labor is to watch them f«t»d.
In mv kerrier, my wife, my dear slav>,
does all the manual work, while tending
my offspring, and woe to her if she for
gets fo prepare my evening meal. Thj
jm]al (whip) shall then have its turn to
make her remember for next day. In
such a state is any man happier than I?"
—Golden Penny.
Pe'fhaps the most remarkable character
istic of the natives of Somaliland is their
unbounded, preposterous conceit. English
men who know their language have been
appalled by it. "When watering his camel
or his horse,, the Somali encourages the
animal to drink by chanting 'lo it , in" 'a
monotone. It is at such moments* of ex
temporary effusion that the man bhines in
all his glory. The subject matter may bo
the experiences of the day's march, the
virtues of the animal beside him, the
charms of his latest wife, or nls cwn
prowess in some bloodless tribal raid By
great good fortune the following literal
translation of one of these chants or
songs came into my possession and I in
sert it without any commtnt:
CONCEIT OF NATIVE
OF SOMALILAND
It Takes the Form of a Chant
to His Horse or
Camel.
The Fophomore girls held the annual banquet
this evening in Hearst Hall. There were 120
co-tds present. The toastmistress was Mis*
Marion Morrow, who called upon the following
t'» respond to toasts: Miss Kate O'Neil, "Our
Girls"; Miss Sophie Treadwell. "College
Spirit": Miss Bertine Wollenbersr. "Our Boys";
Miss Florence Ward. "Social LKe in College";
Mifs Marie Metcalf. "Athletics."
BERKELET. Oct. 20. — The varsity eleven
will play the Chemawa Indians on the Berke
ley campus Saturday next. Mana*«r Decoto
has received an offer from the University of
Washington eleven to play on Thanksgiving
day in California, but he has not yet decided
whether to accept it. He has also received an
offer from the Carlisle Indians, but this will
not he accented. The varsity will play an
alumni eleven made up of the following players
on October 2S: Oendottl or Dunbar, center;
Greishersr, right guard; Athearn. left KUard;
Caotleton. right tackle; Whipple left tackle
"Lrx-omotlve" Smith, right half; Hall, left half,
Kaart=b»nr. fullback: Kerfoot or Ellis, quarter;
Lou Decoto, right end; Starr, left end. •
The recHcts from thf freshmen Intercol
legiate game were J-T3S5. Of this sum $SCO is
for expenses, leaving ViWO to be divided be
tween the two universities.
PLEASAXTON, Oct. 20. — Miss Florence M.
Lyster, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. L. M. Lyster,
and Lang C. Wilson, assistant agent for tH*
Southern Pacific Company. wer» married to
day at tf\*> home of the bride's sister-in-law.
Mrs W. . H. Martin. Rev. Father ilcNeboe
performed the ceremony and the young- couple
left immediately for a wedding: tour through
the south. After their return they will make
their home In Pleasantnn. jSHSH
Another card party In honor ot a bride-elect
will be given at the Moore home in East Oak
land on the 27th. Miss Edna Barry. Philip
Clay's fiance*, to be the honored guest, Mrs.
A. A. Moore Sr. and Miss Jacqusline Moore
being the hostesses.
A larre card party will be given at Ebelt
on the 31st inst. In honor of Misa Jacquetin
Moore, whose engagement to J. J. Valentine
was recently announced. The hostesses will
b« Mrs. Vernon Waldron. Mrs. Newton Koser
and Miss Edith Gaskill.
Mrs. F. C. Watson will entertain at luncheon
next Friday In honor of Mrs. J. Loran Pease,
nee Gage.
John Metcalf will give a pupils* recital on
November 2<>. Miss Margaret . Davis. Mrs.
Caroline Burns and Miss Estelle Drummond
will be among the soloists.
Miss Margaret Sinclair gave a pretty lunch
eon to-day at "Level Lea," In Fmitvale. com
plimentary to Miss Bertie Bruce. whoa« mar
riage to Mr. Stephenson will take place on
October 29. Miss Sinclair's guests were Miss
Bruce, Miss "Bernie" Drown. Miss Lucy
Klnsr. Miss Gertrude Van Wyck. Mis* Ethel
Cooper. Mrs. Clifton Macon. Mrs. Kcbert Lee
6teph*nson. Misa Edna Barry, Mrs. C. C.
Clay and the hostess.
A unique feature was the rearMnc of tha
"Processional Ode" by the whole section, one
half leading and the other responding, as in
a litany.
The programme for the afternoon closed with
songs by Alfred C. Read, barytoni? of the.
Eighth Avenue Baptist Church, his first selec
tion being "By the Waters of Babylon," by.
Charles T. Howell. For an encore he sang
Dudley Buck's "Fear Not Ye, O ljrael." He
was accompanied most efficiently by Mis»
Estelle Drummond. The members oi" the Bible
section who were hostesses to-day were Mrs.
J. B. Home (curator). Mrs. VTilonx, Mrs. von
Helms. Miss Babson. Miss Hill. Mrs. Wtllard.
Mrs. Armes. Mrs. Curtis, Mrs. Wool'jury. Mrs.
Campbell. Mrs. Rowell. Mrs. Dukes. Mrs.
Shanklln, Mrs. Denison. Ralph Ktncey, A. I*.
Smith.
Mrs. J. B. Hume, who is curator for the
section, presided and also rave on address
that was listened to with pleased attention,
her subject being the Bible. Mra. Howe read
the story ef Deborah and was followed by
Mrs. von Helms, who gave a modern version
of the sam* biblical incident.
OAKLAND. Oct. 20.— Th« Bible section of
the Ebell Society met In the club rooms to
day at the close of the regular business meet
ing and entertained a large number of guests
with a programme that was at once interesting
and unique.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
At the same time Gannon also stole
some clothes from another house and this
chnrgp still remains apainst him and for
which h<_- must stand trial.
OAKLAND. Oct. 20.— Upon his release
from serving a short sentence at San
Quentln G. T. Gannon, the musical bur
glar, was again taken into custody and
had bis preliminary examination on an
other charee before Judge Tappan at Ala
medn to-day and was th^n remanded into
the custody of the Sheriff and placed in
the County Jail here.
Gannon was the driver for a dyeing
works, and one day he went to a house
where there was no one at home and
stoic a banjo. At his trial he pleaded
guilty and rave as his excuse that he
«as for*! of mufic and was drunk and
th* combination caused him to fall in a
moment of weakness. Judge Ellsworth
was pn impressed with the story that he
gav<* Gannon the almost unheard of sen
tence of thru* months in the State's pris
on, the crime beir.g such that he had to
pcrve M*atence for it either at Folsom or
San Quentin.
MUSICAL BURGLAR HAS
TO STAND ANOTHER TRIAL
G. T. Gannon Agtiin in Custody for
• a Second Charge Held Against
Him.
This and much other waste material is
given a ' commercial value and proceeds
from its sale makes the "homes" self
supporting. Certain equipment is neces
sary to put them into operation. Funds
are thus obtained by the sale of shares
in the incorporated Salvation Army In
dustrial Homes Company. Such a salvage
•Institution has been in operation success
fully in * San Francisco, an average of
fifteen men being permanently employed
with four or five "floaters" being daily
given temporary work.
"We have decided that the time Is ripe
for establishing a . 'home' in Oakland,"
said Major Reid to-day, "and to that end
we have in mind the old army headquar
ters on Eighth street.- The only obstacle,
so far as that place is concerned, is the
rental figure, which looks a bit too high.
I have been negotiating there, but am
also looking elsewhere for a desirable
location. The work of the 'homes! is con
ducted under general supervision from
the Pacific Coast division headquarters in
San Francisco, where information can be
had."
The "Industrial Home" Is one of the
most important departments in the wide
field of the army's operations among the
submerged populations in the large cities.
Its purpose, as explained- to-day by Major
Reid, Is to provide a place of temporary
employment for the wanderers and float
ing wayfarers who come under the army's
observation. Through these institutions
much of the waste, such as cast off gar
ments, paper, furniture and the like, ia
collected, sorted, distributed and sold. In
the shape, of paper waste alone large
quantities are prepared and sold to the
paper mills. Major Reid, for the army,
has a contract with the Antioch Paper
Company to take all the waste he can
send to the mills. '•;• .
Negotiations have been opened by the
Salvation Army "for the reoccupancy of
its old home on Eisrht street, between
Webster and Alice. Major George Reid,
In charges of the Industrial Homes pro
jects of the army on the Pacific Coast,
has in hand the opening of one of those
Institutions in this city and has selected
the big "barracks" as a suitable location
for a "home" in Oakland. Whether this
site will be' chosen, or another selected,
depends upon the figure that the owner,
William Aehby of Berkeley, Is willing to
make as to rental. tv
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Oct. 20.
Exiling the peanuts from the "rooters' "
stand will not Interfere with the busi
ness of the two students who are mak
ing their way through college selling
them, as there are enough co-eds on hand
every day to absorb the entire supply.
Too many peanuts and too little yell
ing broueht about a crisis to-day on the
bleachers at the University of California
campus and the "rooters" were begged
to choose between the vegetable and the
voice. Fortunately the "rooters" decided
to oust the peanut "butcher" and the uni
versity Is savcii.
"Veil loader Philip Carey has been hav-
Ir.s a lot of trouble lately trying to raise
a noise on the campus. Just about the
time he got ready to give the signal for
a yell 300 or 400 throats would be so clog
ged up with peanuts that not a sound
could get through. In this dilemma the
yell leader appealed to ' the "yell com
mittee" to do "eomethinK to prevent the
congestion. And so the committee decided
to put the cuestion of peanuts or yells
to a vote this-afternoon on the bleachers.
J. E. Roadhopse, chairman of the com
mittee, backed up by his colleagues— A.
H. Mowbray. A. W. Meany and A. L..
Sherman— explained the difficulties of try
ir.g to raise a howl when everything was
smothered with peanuts, and when the
case wa* finally pubmitted peanuts were
defeated by a large vote.
Berkrley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center Street. Oct. 20.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1113 Broadway, Oct. 20.
John H. Koster, a saloon-keeper at the
northwest corner of Twelfth and Franlc-
Un streets, committed suicide at 8 o'clock
; this morning at his residence. 213 Thir
teenth street. by shooting himself
through the head with a platoj. Ill health
and despondency resulting therefrom
were the causes given by Koster'a .wife
for the deed.
Koster went to his place of business
this morning, but returned home shortly
afterward. The saloon man met his wife
on the lower floor, and. after kissing her,
went directly to his room upstairs, with
out giving a sign of his intentions. A
moment after he had closed the door Mrs. •
Koster heard the pistol shot. With a
cry of fright that attracted the house
servant. Rose Haug, the wife rushed to
the room, finding: her husband's body on
the bed and his pistol by his side. Koster
had stuck the muzzle in his mouth and
fired the shot.
Reeves Baker and Dr. J. M. Selfridge.
who were passing, went into the house,
but Koster died In a few minutes. Mrs.
Koster was taken in charge by friends.
The Kosters were married eleven year*
ago. the wife being a sister to J. A.
Brunje, a merchant at 1643 Broadway,
and B. H. Brunje, a clerk at Seventh and
Market streets.
Koster was 33 years old, a native of
Germany. He was a member of the
Order of Hermann Sons and the Knight*
of the Royal Arch. The Coroner has
charge of the case.
HATWARDS, Oct 20.— Jesse H. Woods,
one of the prominent young business men
of this city, was last week elected su
preme president of the U. P. B. C. at the
annual convention of that order held in
Hanford and on Saturday evening a large
number of his friends in this city gath
ered to give him a banquet In honor of his
elevation to this position-
Mr. Woods is a native of this State,
having been born in Ban Leandro thirty
one years ago. He was one of the foun
ders of the V. P. E. C. and has been
one of the hardest workers In the order.
Ho has organized a number of councils by
his personal efforts, including Oakland
No. 25 and Danville No. 33. In 1S97 he
was elected supreme inside sentinel and
In 1S9S he was chosen supreme master of
ceremonies. In 1900 he was elected a
member of the supreme board of direc
tors, and in 1902 was selected supreme
vice president and this year he fell heir
to the supreme presidency.
Mr. Woods Is also a member of Pied
mont Parlor of Native Sons, Oakland
Ixxige of Workmen. Haywards Lodge of
Foresters of America, the I. D. E. S. and
the order of which he is now the supreme
president. He graduated from the public
Bchools of San Leandro in 1S77 and then
engaged in business in Oakland. In 1834
he married Miss Georgiana Rogers of San
I>eandro and then engaged In business In
Haywards, where he has many friends.
The order of which Mr. Woods is now
the head has a membership of 6300, with a
balance of $135,000 in the treasury.
"It certainly was an outrage," said
Newton to-day. "The language this man
used was simply frightful. We tried to
avoid trouble with him, as we knew he
must be drunk, but he seemed to have
an insane desire to injure us. The part I
can't understand is the Constable's, whose
duty it was to arrest. the man. Instead
he stood by and let Fisher, , do as he
pleased."
- The ladles got over their fright of last
night and went back to the "rummage
sale" this morning, but they were not
free from annoyance from Fisher, who
sent a man to them to represent himself
as the Health Officer. The counterfeit
Health Officer trie,d to quarantine the
place, but the ladies were not scared by
his representations and kept on selling
their goods. An attempt will be made
by the reputable people of West Berke
ley to have Fisher's license revoked.
Woodruff grappled with Fisher and they
rolled over and over on the floor. When
Newton finally turned on' the lights
again the two men began pummeling
each other with chairs and other mov
ables. In the midst of this' melee some
of Fisher's patrons rushed in and forcibly
carried him away. In his struggles with
these men Fisher . broke two lights of
glass in the door. Constable Charles, E.
Wulferdlngen was present during this
struggle, but did not interfere with Fisher
nor attempt to arrest him.
CONSTABLE'S QUEER ACTIONS.
The women then walked out of * the
place, leaving Newton behind to shut off
the lights. Fisher followed the party a
short distance, sweating at them and
threatening Woodruff. As they paid no
attention to him. Fisher returned to the
barracks and rushed upon Newton, who
was coming out of the door. The fren
zied man threw . Newton hack Into the
place and began pummeling him with his
fists. . In the scuffle Newton was thrown
against a glass case, .which broke and at
tracted the attention of Woodruff, who
ran back to assist him.
FISHES, FOLLOWS PARTY.
The alleged assault occurred about 9:30
o'clock last night, just as its victims
were closing the doors after the "rum
mage sale" they are conducting for the
benefit of the Ladles' Aid Society. The
scene was the Salvation Army barracks
in the Schmidt block on University ave
nue, near Sixth street, and two doors re
moved from Fisher's saloon. There were
present, besides Newton, Mrs. W. W.
Bradley, Mrs. Newton. Mt. and Mrs. M.
C. Woodruff* Mrs. D. G. Hay and Mrs.
Joseph McClaln.
Fisher stood in the doorway Just as
Newton wa/> about to put out the lights.
One of the ladles, Mrs. Bradley, seeing
him there, asked him If he wanted to go
In.
"I'll go in if I want to," replied Fisher,
"and nobody will stop me."
On the allegation that he used vile lan
guage In' the presence of ladles of the
Trinity Methodist, Church and attacked
two men with his .fists, Samuel Fisher,
keeper of a saloon known as "The Can
teen" In West Berkeley, was 'sought to
day by the police, who want him on a
charge of disturbing the peace. The war
rant was sworn out by K. E. Newton, a
Center-street real estate dealer, one- of
the men alleged to have been struck by
Fisher. The saloon man was not arrest
ed and he probably never will be, as It
is rumored he left town this morning for
Cripple Creek, Colo.
Berkeley .Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street. Oct. 20.
Leader of the Noise Makers
Succeeds in Clearing
Throats.
John H. Koster Kisses His
Wifa and Then Shoots
Himself
Battles With Their Escorts
and Officers Search
for Him.
Makes Negotiations to Re
ocoupy Old Barracks on
Eighth Street.
Friends of Haywards Give
Banquet to Celebrate
His Elevation.
Despondent Saloon Man
Ends Life Without
Warning.
Is Selected Supreme
President of-Popu
lar Order.
Salyation ; Army Seeks
to Establish Indus
trial Home.
"Rooters" Vote the Fruit
Out of College
Bleachera
Proprietor of "Canteen"
Insults Charitable
Ladies.
TWO MANY NUTS
SPOIL YELLING
FISHER CREATES
DISGRACEFUL ROW
FURTHER HONORS
FOR J. H. WOODS
FIRES BULLET
THROUGH HEAD
PLAN TO OPEN
SALVAGE DEPOT
ALAMEDA HIGH-SCHOOL STUDENTS
REHEARSE JEROME'S COMEDIETTA
Members of December Class Will Present
44 When Greek Meets Greek" in Armory
Hall on Last Saturday Evening of the Month
THE FAN rKANCISCO; CALL, * WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1903.
An atom of matter is probably a crystal
of electricity.
4
BUDWEISER
j^: To guard against
3 ' imitation the
*BudWeiser
is branded on
, the corks of all
bottles of original Budweiser.
Accept no imitations of the
u King of Bottled Beers."
Ovdera promptly. Oiled br
TTI.LMANN & BENDEL, Pacific Slope Distributer*.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVrRTISEMENTS.
Skin Diseases
Eczema, Salt Rheum. Pimples,
Ringworm, Itch, Ivy Poison, Acne
or other skin troubles, can be
promptly cured by
Tria.1 Size. 25 Cents.
At Droeelsts or by mall, from
_„.... rSoeklet •¦ tbe rational treat-
T"- 11 \ment afdisnasrs tent free.
Hydrozone is endorsed by leading
physicians. It is absolutely harm-
less, yet most powerful healing
agent. Hydrozone destroys para-
sites which cause these diseases.
Take no substitute and see that
every bottle bears my signature.David Walker, owner of the building at
429 Montgomery street, was sued yester
day, for $25,000 damages by Robert R. Pat
terson. The plaintiff was severely in
jured last May by the falling of the ele
vator "In the defendant's building.
Patterson Demands Damages.
Thomas Corcoran pleaded guilty to a
charge of burglary In Judge Cook's court
yesterday and will be sentenced next
Tuesday. He and George Davis broke into
the room of Annie Leldner, 389 Fifth
street, on March 26 and stole a quantity
of clothing. Davis was tried and con
victed and he will be sentenced on the
same day as Corcoran.
Pleads Guilty to Burglary.
The resignation of Colonel TVinslow An
derson of ; San Francisco as surgeon gen
eral on the Governor's staff was received
to-day. ¦ No apDointment to fill the va
cancy has been made. He was a Gage apl
polntee. ... ¦ . .
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 20.— Governor Par
dee this afternoon made appointments to
his military staff as follows: George II.
Pippy of San Francisco, colonel arid judge
advocate general :-.D. S. Dorn of San
Francisco, ; lieutenant colonel and aid de
camp; Charles Sonntag of San Francisco,
lieutenant colonel and aid de camp; Henry
D. Loveland of San Francisco, lieuten
ant coloneland aid de camp: W. S. Kil
llngsworth of Vacaville. lieutenant col
onel and* aid de camp; W. H. Bullen of
Los Angeles, lieutenant colonel and aid
decamp.
Colonels and Lieutenant Colonels
Will Glitter in the State
Service.
GOVERNOR APPOINTS
OFFICERS OF THE STAFF
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday ordered an interlocutory de
cree in favor of the libelant in the case
of the Ames Mercantile Company vs. the
Kimball Steamship Company and referred
the case to United States Commissioner
George E. Morse to report upon the
amount of damages.
Judgment for X,ibelant.
Ernest Hollensteiner of Meyer & Hollen-
Bteiner grocers. Geary and Polk streets,
secured a warrant from Police Judge
Fritz yesterday for the arrest of James
A. Gove on a charge of obtaining money
by false pretenses. It is alleged that
Grove on August 27 cashed a check with
the firm for $75 drawn on the Fresno Na
tional Bank, Fresno, representing that
he had money on deposit in that bank.
The check was returned with the expla
nation that Grove did not have any money
on deposit in the bank.
Check Was Worthless.
The man escaped yesterday from his
keeper, H. Welch, at Balrds Spur. He in
some way got off the train when it made
a stop. ,The unfortunate man had been
roaming along the bank of the river for
twenty-four hours. He was in all proba
bility attracted to the water's edge to
get a drink and suddenly becoming vio
lent, he stripped the clothes from hia
back and plunged into the icy water, i
It took several men to overpower the
insane man. The struggle was long and
fierce, but the strength of the section
hands finally told and Belladieu was se
curely bound, hand and foot. Deputy
Sheriff Nathaniel Ldmbaugh brought Bel
ladieu to Redding, where he is confined
in the padded cell of the insane ward of
\.he ; county jail. He was formerly an ac
tor,, and had been insane at Seattle for
the. past four years. He was being taken
bK; Welch . to San Francisco to be put In
ajpirivate sanitarium.
REDDING,' Oct. 20.— Standing on the
bank of the Sacramento River, naked and
shivering, his unbalanced brain burning
with fever, J. Belladieu, an Insane man
from Seattle, was found this morning by
a Southern Pacific train crew.
Speclal Dispatch to The Call.
In consequence of a warning received
by the company the passengers were
warned to secrete their valuables and
when the engineer saw a "bull light" on
the track a few miles out of Nampa he
shot past the signal at full speed instead
of stopping. Railroad detectives are
hopeful of effecting some arrests to-mor
row.
The hold-up was to have been accom
plished this side of Nampa, Idaho, but,
instead of succeeding in boarding the
cars, the bandits saw the train speed by
them, and standing beside the track in
the darkness, vented their disappointment
with yells of rage. Shots were fired at the
disappearing train, none, however, taking
effect.
PORTLAND, Or.. Oct. 20.— By the vigi
lance of the, Oregon Railroad and Navi
gation Company and the Oregon Short
Line officials, a carefully laid plan to hold
up the Pacific express, due to arrive in
Portland at 10:30 p. m. yesterday, but
which was delayed until 2 p. m. to-day,
was frustrated.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Insane Fugitive Found
on Bank of the
Sacrarnento.
A Robbery Prevented
by Vigilant Railroad
Officials.
MANIAC FIGHTS
WITH WORKMEN
BANDITS SHOOT
IT THE TRAIN
Under the name of Frank Ballard, the
prisoner has served two terms In San
Quentin. On August 21, 1S96, he was
sentenced to serve two and a half years
for an attempt to commit burglary, and
on December 16, 1899, he was sentenced
to serve five years for burglary. Between
his two terms In San Quentin he served
a term of four months. in the County
Jail. He was arrested for robbery, but
the charge was reduced to petty larceny.
He is looked upon by the police as one
of the most dangerous crooks in the city.
Early yesterday morning Thomas
Cronin was held up and robbed of $30 at
Commercial and Kearny streets, and
Alien Dale, alias Frank Ballard, was
seen running away from the scene. He
was chased and captured by Policemen
Nelson and Welsh, and when searched
$30 was found in his pockets.
Dale was arrested a few weeks ago on
a charge of administering knockout drops
to a man. He was released from custody
by] Judge Cook on a writ of habeas
corpus, the Judge taking the ground that
the ordinance under which the charge
was made was unconstitutional.
Allen Dale, Alias Frank Ballard, Is
Suspected of Bobbing a
* Man. ;':'•*';•¦
NOTOBJOUS CROOK IS
AGAIN TJNDEB ARREST
Letson Balliet, against whom Post
master General Payne . has issued a
"fraud order," filed a petition In the
United States Circuit Court yesterday, for
an Injunction to restrain Postmaster Mon
tague from carrying into effect the or
der of his superior officer.
Balliet takes the position that the or
der is an arbltary assumption and exer
cise of power unwarranted by the consti
tution of' the United States and that the
act of Congress under which the Post
master General has acted is unconstitu
tional.
Balliet is under conviction by the Fed
eral Court at Des Moines, Iowa, for hav
ing used the mails in furtherance of a
swindling mining scheme and the case is
now on appeal before the Supreme Court
of the United States.
Asks That Authorities Be Enjoined
From Enforcing Fraud Order
Against Him.
BALLIET TO CONTEST
THE POSTAL LAW
Donahue Bequest in Court.
The trial of the suit of Archbishop P.
W; Rlordan vs. Belle R. Sprague and her
husband, Richard, was begun before a
jury yesterday in the United States Dis
trict Court. The suit was brought to re
cover $15,000 alleged to have been be
queathed to Roman Catholic Institutions
in this city by James Mervyn Donahue,
the former husband of Mrs. Sprague. She
is a daughter of William T. Wallace, a
former Justice uf the Supreme Court of
this State. After the Jury had been Im
paneled the trial was continued until this
mornir.g at 9:30 o'clock.
Stxossmayer Council of the Young Men's
Institute ¦will give its seventh anniversary
ball In Native Sons' Hall on the evening
< f Tu*Fday. October The committee
in charge has made arrangements for a
most pleasant social function.
Anniversary Ball.
I*ecture on FrencH Revolution.
Owing to the crowded state of the lecture
room at the Mechanics' Institute on the occa
sion of Prcfeepor H. Morse Stephens' last lec
ture oh "The Frenrti Revolution." the trustees
of the institute have determined that the lec
ture by Professor Stephens shall. be given to
night In the Mechanics" Pavilion' Art Gallery,
which has been specially renovated and com
fortably fitted u» for the purpose. The en
trance to the art rallery Is on Larkln street,
nrar Hayes. Professor Stephens' subject to
night will be •"Mirabeau. the Leader of the
Third Estate In the National Assembly "
There are three distinct charges against
Wolf. It is alleged that on three different
occasions he received money for the pur
pose of extending unusual favors to the
donor. Bennett, it is said, knew that
Wolf was taking money, and failed to
make a report of It at headquarters. The
sergeant would have been charged with
accepting a bribe, but under the penal
code, it would have to be proven that
money was given for the commission of
an illegal act. As this could not be
proven the accused sergeant was charged
with violating a rule of the department
which makes it an offense to accept
money without first consulting the com
missioners.
A ehort time ago one of the police com
missioners gained information that mem
bers of the department were extending
protection to certain business houses
south of Market street, in consideration
of a monthly fee. A quiet investigation
was instituted, and as a result several
policemen's names were dragged into a
scandal. A bartender for Simpson &
Neil, at the corner of Mission and Sev
enth Btreets, declared that on different oc
casions he had paid Wolf money.
On© of the proprietors denies this, but
nevertheless, the statement impressed the
commissioners, and thry discussed the
matter in executive session. Wolf and
four patrolmen were taken from their
beats and detailed to outlying sections,
and nothing more was done for a couple
of days until the corruption charge be
came public property. Then the commis
sion again acted, and the two men named
were suspended and charges brought
against them.
Soreear.t Reuben Wolf and Policeman
Joseph E. Bennett of the local police de
partment have been suspended from duty,
and last night were formally charged be
fore the police commissioners with cor
ruption in office. The charges grew out
of the allegation that Wolf has been levy
ing tribute on saloons in the section over
which he has command. Bennett is not
paid to have taken any money, but Is
charged with having had Information of
Wolfe alleged acts, but failed to report
the same to the Chief of Police
Joseph B. Allen, a barber, employed In
the Oaks barber shop on Ellis street, and
Miss L. Coughlin were accidentally suffo
cated by illuminating gas last Sunday or
Monday night on the third floor of a lodg
ing-house at 416 O'Farrell street. Allen
engaged the room between 11 and 12
o'clock last Sunday night and went out
once for liquor, returning t«» the rooir In
less than half an hour They wyte round
dead at 7 o'clock yes'.erda* morning, with
gas escaping from, an open burner.
The couple were first noticed between 10
ara 11 o'clock on Sunday night, when
they entered the grocery on the corner
of William and O'Farrell streets, both In
toxicated. Mrs. Kate Miller, the land
lady, opened the door of the room on
Monday forenoon between 10 and 11
o'clock with a pasEkey and saw that the
oouple were asleep, but she Informed
Deputy Coroner Charles Meehan that
there was no odor of escaping gas at that
time and about the room. She- then closed
the door and paid no further attention
until 7 o'clock yesterday morning,
when her attention was attracted by
the odor of gas and she opened the door
and found them dead. This statement,
however, was contradicted later by Mrs.
Miller, when Detective Reynolds called
upon her and inquired about the matter.
She told the detective that on Monday
forenoon a man and a woman called at
the house and made a proposition to buy
the place. Mrs. Miller showed them
through the house and when they reached
the third floor the man sniffed the odor
of escaping gas. At the end of the hall
Mrs. Miller found a burner that was part
ly open and from which the suffocating
fluid was escaping. She turned it off and
thought nothing more about the matter
until she noticed gas escaping yesterday.
The dead woman was evidently between
30 and S5 years old. Among her efftcts
was found an installment receipt for a
pair of earrings that ehe was buying from
a jeweler on Kearny street. This bore the
name, "Miss L. Coglln." The Morgue rec
ords show the name as "Mrs." L. Coglin.
Ernest Engdahl. manager of the Jewelry
establishment, called at the Morgue later
In the day and identified the woman as
the one who had given him the name of
"Miss L. Coglin." Shortly afterward the
young woman was identified by a relative
as Miss L. Coughlin, a member of a re
spectable family in this city. The fact of
the identification was suppressed by the
Morgrue officials.
Allen was a single man and resided at 33
William street. Among his effects was a
bank book on the Hlbernia Bank show
ing a balance in his favor of $5S0.
It is alleged further that these repre
sentations were false and that the only
mining property owned by the Sunset
Mining Company was the Old Glory mine,
which was incorporated on March 3, 1900.
As a proof of his solvency and good stand
ing in the community Rumble used 'to
refer his correspondents to the Alliance
Bank, an institution created by himself,
It Is alleged, with paper capital:
Inspector O'Connell said that Rumble
was very careful not to distribute any of
his circulars on this coast and that he
worked exclusively upon people in the
East. For this reason the Inspector found
It difficult to get evidence, but he says
that he has a first class case against
Rumble and will have no trouble in prov
ing it. V- -
After a year of very hard work in gath
ering evidence so that a conviction might
reasonably be assured. Postofflce Inspec
tor James O'Connell yesterday afternoon
took into custody George W. Rumble on
an indictment charging him with having
used the mails for the purpose of de
frauding unsuspecting persons < of their
money. United States Marshal John H.
Shine assisted Inspector O'Connell in
making the arrest. Rumble was taken
before United States Court Commissioner
Heacock and was released on furnishing
bonds In the sum of $3000.
Rumble was found at his offices, B7 and
58 Chronicle building. He expressed, re
gret that the arrest had not been 'made
earlier in the day so that he might have
had more time in which to procure, his
bail. The complaint, which is sworn to
by Inspector O'Connell. alleges that on
March 1, 1903. Rumble devised a scheme
to defraud G. Morgan Lesher of Fre
mont, Ohio, and F»»ink T. Terry of Mil
waukee, Wis.. by Inciting them to open
a correspondence through the postofflce
with him as secretary of the Sunset Min
ing Company and owner of • the Amo
hydraulic mine and a certain gold dredger
and the Old Glory mine, all in Butte
County.
It Is alleged that Rumble represented
to his correspondents that these- mines
were being actively worked and had paid
and were paying monthly dividends of 2
per cent upon the par value of tfte stock.
These mining properties purported to be
capitalized at 10.000,000 shares at the par
value of $1 per share. The stock was of
fered by Rumble at $1 75 per share and
he promised his correspondents that they
would receive 2 per cent per month upon
this par value. He further represented
that during the nine years of .the opera
tion of the mines he had paid 108 monthly
dividends which represented 2 per cent
per month on the par value of the stock.
Sergeant Wolf and Patrol
man J. E. Bennett Re
lieved From Duty.
Mrs. Kate Miller, Landlady,
Finds Their Lifeless
Bodies.
Indicted for Using the Mails
With/ Intention of De
¦ frauding.
Charges of Corruption
Are Placed Before
Commissioners.
Joseph Allen and Miss
'Coughlin Overcome
by Gas.
George W. Rumble of
the Sunset and Old
Glory Arrested.
TWO POLICEMEN
ARE SUSPENDED
DEBAUCH ENDED
BY TWO DEATHS
MINING BROKER
IN LAW'S MESHES
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1903.
ARRESTED ON OLD "WARRANT.— Charles
Franklin, a teamster. IS years old. was ar
rested yesterday on a warrant char&ln*; him
with felony embezzlement The complaining
witness Is T. Murtha. The warrant was Is
sued last May.
Park Avenue; Mrs. F. E. Vlnlng and Mrs
E. F. Willis, at the Gilsey, and R. Brown,
at the Imperial.
From Los Angeles-G. Kalt. at the Ca
dillac; Miss Weld. Mrs. J. A. Weld artfl
A. Weld, at the Kensington.
NEW YORK. Oct. 20.— The following
Californians are In New York: From San
Francisco— The Misses Angus and"j7"*S.
Angus and wife, at the Union Square;
V.- C. Goldberg and J. Goldberg, at the
Savoy; K. Keltur. at the Park Avenue; M.
Murphy and wife, at the Gllsey; A. "W.
Smith, at the Grand Union; Miss Bailey
and Mrs. J. D. Bailey, at the Holland;
Mrs. G. H. Empsall and J. L. Haskell, at
the Gllsey; Mrs. J. L. Radcllffe, at the
Californians in New York.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
' Sterling Remedy Co.; Chicago or N.Y. 6ox
ANNUAL SALE. TEN MILLION BOXES
Pleaiant, Palatable, Potent. Taste Good. Do Good.
Never Sicken, Weaken or Gripe, 10c. He, Me. Never
•old In bulk. The gennine tablet stamped C 0 0.
Guaranteed to cure or your money back.
LAZY LIVER
"I find Cascareti to eood that I would not ba
without them. . I was troubled a great deal with
torpid liver and headache. Now since taking
Cascareti Candy Cathartic 1 feel very much better
I thai] certainly recommend them to my friends
as the best medicine I hare ever seen."
Anna Bazinet, Osborn Mill No. 2. Fall River, Uui.
1IMTERMATIOMAL BANKING CORPORATION
n „ . ?*?• U . VVALl - S T - P<E1A/ YORK
Capital and Surplus paid In ... $7,894,400
WILLIAM L MOYEU '. T»r^M. n *
JOHN HUBBARD S2!i?,tS5
JAMES H. ROGERS S^I?
'¦HAIJLES I). PALMER '....'. V",";;
LOfnOV BKAXCHES:
eANTFRAKcigrxi JOHX c - BUDD. Manager
«'ITV C)V MFVtcn J. ¦otL.WIN TAIT, Manager
A1AVIIA - JEXICO LIONEL H. MILLER. Manager
HOVnmvn ROBERT W. BROWN. Mataler
KSSl CHARLES R. SCOTT Manafer
.: ::::::::::::::::::::: HERBE ? A r MEs% UL FPi R D o> Man^ e ' :
«l\r,iI'ni)F JAMES S. FEARON. Agent
.INGAFOUE ANWVL RICHARDS. Manager
.
JJI/iKJT-Jl'.S
THOMAS H. HUBBARD. Chalnnan of the Board ' ' v. -c t.
JAMES W. ALEXANDER ew 0I *
JIXES S B \CHE Presldent - Equitable Life Af-Vuranie' ; Socleiy YOrk
ajuTOwy;:~: ; !-!!!^«?^^ *ZH2
JUAN M. CEBALLOS. . . . . .°f .^ & Whltrtd^' Lawyer, * * W 0I "
EDWARD F. CKACI^3^^P^]^^!?^SE?;
W. MCRKAY CRANE X °° Bto^^- *" *.'
CEORGE CROCKER . F^r Governor or" M^cnu^tU l""^
ECCEVEDEUVO *™ la ° M ' *^]^™^<^* "'"
MARCELLCS HARTLEY T^oT"* *^™ « '&" B^ri
SYLVESTER C DUXHAlT*"' S^^^^^^" "
HALEY FISKE Prestdent - Trave!er »' I^uraiice ComD^y of" Hartford Hartford
VUx'pmii^iiiii^^t^'iiTi'i^^^'^^^i New York
EDVTIX GOULD e insurance company
ISAAC GUGGENHEIM PreBi<3ent - St - 'i^uU ' South we^ern'R; .'K. W T ° rk
EDWARD H. HARIU^P- '*^ ii ™*™™"* «« Rennin^ Corn^ny W Y ° rk
;OHN R. HEGEMAX v" IX
'^iA^orH^^^f}^^^^)H^.^^ Z»
President. Union Savinsrs Bank Oakland
KRFKINE HETVTTT „ v«rv
JOHN HUBBARD Co0pCr> Hewltt & Co - Merchant's Y ° r *
henry e. ni^TiNGTON'^"'"^'^^;;;;;;;;;;;; ;;;;;;;*~ Y °2
President. Pacific Electric Railway Company '" , 1OrlC
JAMES H. HYDE v _. .
Vic* President. Equitable Life Assurance Society
JOHN B. JACKSON ." ¦ptt»«hn.-^
President. Fidelity Title & Tr-iBt Co. Mt-sbur*
LUTHEH TCOUNTZE New T fc
Of Kountre Brothers. Bankers orK
..¦.-¦ J. ... - i t' < is. Va« -Vnrir
Of Alexander &. Green. Lawyer* , '
HENRY P. McIKTOSH ' ci, v#lfl _,.
President. Guardian Trcst Company »-»e\eiana
WILLIAM II. MrlNTYRE New York
Fourth Vice President. Equitable Life Assurance Society
PIERRE MALI •.. v#w Vnrlr
Of Henry W. T. Mall & Co.. Merchants XOrK
HENRY B. MANNING X ew Tork
Of Manniag. Maxwell & Moore. Merchants lors
V^LLIAM L. MOYER New York
President. The National .Shoe and Leather Bank
ALLAN XT. PAIGE Brld«>Doit
Counse!or-at-Law u^pon
HENRY CLAY PIERCE :. ....St Louis
Chairman, Mexican Central Railway Company. Ltd
WILLIAM A. READ ..New York
Of Vermllye & Co.. Bankers
HOWARD S. RODGERS Cincinnati
Vice President. Merchants 1 National Bank
GEORGE H. RUSSEL Detroit
S^f'lfl 7 : President. State Savinrs Bank
WILLIAM SALOMON New York
.ROBERTA.C. SMITH.. ° fWimara6lUOm ? O .. &CO '- Banke " Vew York
ALFRED G. TANnERm^ Am ' riC1U1 Ma " 6te * m8h * Company
Charles a. WHlTTiER;ri~HHvH~7M; !;!*'M!."*v*:i:*MI.'I"II; MiNew Toi*
Treasurer, American-China Development Company
San Francisco Branch : 32-34 San<ome St
A General Banking Business Transacted.
Accounts «.f Corporation!., Firms and Individuals Solicited.
Loan* Made on Liberal Terms on Approi-ed Securities.
, Foreign and Domestic Exchange Boueht and Sold.
Traveler* ana Commercial Letters of Credit Granted, available In any Part of the World
Interest -Bearing Certificates of Deposit Issued for Fixed Periods.
<r _4 i t. . -4 Inte r,eEt Allowed to Ranks on Current Dally Balance*.
Fpeclal Kaus given to Banks Keeping: Accounu with ui and Drawing: Direct on . our
Branches and Agents Throughout the World.
CORRESPONDENCE INVITED - -
Pleaae note that the INTERNATIONAL BANKING CORPORATION Is In no way connected
with the INTERNATIONAL BANK & TRUST COMPANY OF AMERICA.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
$ Reduced This Week +77F> &* *""™ / ?? /e £ f F *T e \
I One-Third to One-Half jttrJ%^£*f& ******* and Medium Grades $
i Until closing time Saturday your choic: of any of our fyp/j CJ^yNi^i/Ut44^ili . To thoroughly advertbe the fact, once for all.
* beautiful Pari, and Vienna model gown, and coat,, thi. CAUFORN.AS LARGEST- / „ M -4*^*> that : the Emporium carries only the serviceable, I
$ Fall and Winter*, derign. by some of the met famous n -~Mmma&B&& l &?^.7Z . . . _ .„„.„«. findy , C , E " dCS ° f furnUurc * nd car P cts ' we J
% modiste,, at from one-third to one-half le.s than original —¦fflBLW AMERICA S GRANDEST STORE have p l anncd the grcat ga!e now in progrejJ> and .
jf marked prices. «— m m - m upon many thousand dollar*' worth of the me- C
if The. garments have been on dismay but little more ri^BnCH Li!t£fGi*iG dium and fin< : & rad " have reduced prices, in j
J than one monrh, but they hare se.vei their purposes as Entire SiOOk Reduced many instances fully one-third. ]•
If models, and now, in the very heyday of their usefulness OnO— Third TMS WfiOiV If you arc furnishing, or contemplate farnbh- j«
g and stylishness, we offer them at much le« than the actual Until closing time Saturday,' cho:ce of any piece of i°8 within the next few months, any sort of a J
I co S t of importation. I . French Lingerie in our stock at one-third off marked prices, building, flat or even a room, you cannot in j
Jf On account of the exceedingly low prices Every garment imported and hand-made of best- qualities J««« to yourself neg.ect seeing our stock and %
Jf all alterations will be charged for extra. <* materials, beautifully trimmed with embroidery, real comparing present prices w!th those you would |
i *™« lace, tucks and ribbon effects. Complete line of single have to pay elsewhere. J
»f $150 Gowns $WO.OO $450 Gowns $225. OO pieces and bridal sets. It will astonish you, if you are not a regular *
J 1 2-5 Gowns $100.00 5500 Gowns $250.00 ? 3. 50 to $20. 50 Gowns . . $2.54 to $19.67 pa^on of this store, to learn how much less our J
j « 23O Gown* UtOO.OO $600 Gown, $300.00 to $l 2:50 Drawers . . .$1.17 U 7 $8.35 « very -day prices are than those you ordinarily S
* 5O.OO l"5C«t,. S73.OO to I10.98 Chemise.. $1.17 to $7.32 h*ve to pay. We do not belong to the fur- \
J i f 3 co Gou ns $*75.OO *« 5 Coats.. $1W.OO $ 2 . 7S to $32. S o SKns . . . $1.84 to $27.57 nilure and cardet combint—pcThzps that ac- J
| 535° Gowns $173.00 J22 S Coats. . $12S.OO < ,. 9 8 to M 7 . 50 Covers . . . $1.32 i(J $11.67 counts for our moderate prices. *
V . ' I
I These Housefurnlshtna Specials for Wednesday ¦?
ft Match them elsewhere if you can-— -or our every-day prices, either, for that matter. £
Jf This S oc Alcohol This J5.00 Oil This 51.15 Meat Nickel-plated Towel This $1.50 Iron 75c Fish ani Game $1. 00 Soup Pot- These a S c Gaton- '5
S^.^new.v.cJc- gj*. J3 ' ™*~ Safe-26 inches high, Arm, (a, pctured)- Frame Wr.nger-Good Tray, 16. inches, oval High-grade enamel bed Iron Cnspidon,
% less and smokeless J^ ; 2I l nche8 wide , good ReguIirly g- to . day n]]m; .hape heavj r rnetal^ ware> g
jf k,nd 5 to-day 33O s3mQ3 screen; to-day . 98 O . .,. tSo .... .$1.22 day^acT. .^fio • 69 O color,; to^a y . , 6o g
J5° Wood Tooth Picks -T- Good quality, fuU . Oil L* m P Cook Stqve— a burners, p;r- Pitting Spoons and Paring Knives— The Floor Mop Ooths— Chemically prepared '5
« count, S c boxes; special to-day, a for. . .50 ktLZ f 15' kind, for kitchen «nd cannery use; imported mop cloths, Lr floor and general *
lK / K«pmg, icgularly « 1.80; to-day . .$1.59 special to-day, each . . ' fOO n»e; special to-day, each ISO '
I — !™ me »so Offering of j Indian Baskets and I Sale tSlnvfss **Qe*
j Outing Flannels 7q Curios Hair o« SfffSRSJ eJHi? I
! jf To-day Only — Over 5000 yards of well-mqxie ntil closing time Saturday choice of any A dozen or more broken lots, some 2-dasp kid and J
!tf heavy Tennis Flannels, in light, medium 'basket, blanket or other article in stock class- lambskin, some in elbow length, opera shade £
f and dark colorings; suitable for warm un- ed as Indian curios at exactly one-half Suede, of which we have not all the colors or "5
«C derwear of all kinds, negligee garments, ma rked prices. < Ours is unquestionably the sizes; others that are a little shopworn; still \
\ etc.; a good wearing quality; marked for. lar .gest assortment in the city, and we believe others that have been repaired but which will not 5
jjf special sale Wednesday' only to properly thls to be the most important sale ever at- affect their wearing qualities. To close out these $
*; inaugurate the winter'flannel busi- ' m 9' g% tempted of this class of goods. . gloves quickly we have marked them at an aver- 9
i ness— per yard 4 €0 ' 75c to Baskets now 38o to $25*00 age of much less than half price. Former prices %
jf AH-Wool Waistinjjs— In the novel Tricot weave, 27 $2.00 to $43.50 Blankets now • . . ... . from 51.00 to J 1.75 the pair; sale price to-day •{
jf in. wide, Juli line of solid colors; yard 27 %C '/.'.-. • $1.00 to $21.75 59c "j
K French Flannels— Best grade in the market, in the J2.50 to $8.00 Samoan Mats • • • Boys' Mocha Gloves— Fine quality in gray, 1 -clasp, jt
J, sclt co.ors tor the comiDg season, fine as broad- V.- $1.25 to $4.00 «'zes 5^i to 6^ : pair $1.00 *J
$ cloth; yard 60o Pappoose Baskets, Arrow Point,, Indian Pottery, ™** Luntekta fitew-In tan, brown and o*. >r
jf Walsttag Oxlords— Many new weaves, in all Bead Work, etc., a ll at half price. b.ood, sizes 4 >4 to 6^; pair .... $1.QQ g
X white, gun metal and fancies; up to $1.00 the — —^—^— — —^— —^— — — — ™«_^^ o . jt
jf yard— some as low as . . ... . . . t8 O #7#»£»J?JB GnnHs* 9Qn Stampeti LlHOlS -J
I ** r *?&S 1XOOUS <$&C Speclal Sale To-Day *
! k 1 Extraordinary Values Well Worth 50c Yard Many pretty pieces to work for holiday gifts at 5
% Ribbons To-Day ll r H Wals ?.- or h^, en - Wm^^^^y^ . u o I
$ Another of the biff store's nhP >"g gowns, in shades of light blue, 2O c, ,,x, 4 in. Momie Linen OvU . . . .11% i
I AnOtner 01 tne Dig Store S phe- gray , light yellow, turqUOise, blue, 25c, 14*14 »• Hemstitched Linen Squares Wo I
a{ nomenal KiDDon sales to-day: 1 ro c e Dink and whitp Dlnrlr mi t^ • r ¦ 1 • „ «
A' , ; . , ,:-...: J 1U ' C| Ji. . * !r ft wulie » taaCK.ail- We give free instructions in art needle -S
% Hundreds of ¦ yards of No. 7 Satin wool Cncyiols, 38 inches wide, me- work every morning from 9 to n o'clock. *
£ Ribbon, plain colors with a pin' dium weight; both of these ma- "TT ; j S
j: dot of either white or same color, terials good 50c qualities. oo GfOCB PIGS- LlttU OPS *
jt: good value at 12Hcyard T ~ Special to-day only-yard 33C Speciai TQmD and f hursd %
I* marked for Wednesday only of? sapoUo-Enoch Morgan-.; 4 «k« 2 So *
* Taffeta Ribbon Plain Colors ill thp SimZS &H£r«S *W?#» Macaroni, Vermicelli or Spaghetti— 25c boxc ... 200 '%
K lailCia KIUUOU ridill COlOrb, dll me nfrM*mi%* W##J19 JOCr Cabup - Hcinz's, Snidcr'j or National Pure Food Co V pint" %
J pretty Shades for neckwear and A few hundred yards of heavy lustrous black • *9o !«
»: millinery purposes, sashes, etc.; P^udc Soic-suitabie for coats, waists and c^L c rJZ^,^ ;,^\U% |
£ 4% inches Wide, quality Ordin- g?wns, 24 inches Wide, and as pretty a Cabernet Claret-Rich table wine; gallon .. . .. SSO $
%* arilv <;old at varrl Wprinp<;- piece 51.25 Peau de Soie as you will find Paul Jones Whbky— Pure R yc or Bourbon; bottle .. sso 2
*; aruy soia at yara— weanes anywhere. Price cut for Wednes- a a Oub Cocktails- F«n ««»rtm e nt; botde O7o s.
j: day only 24c *day onlv to-vard SSC S"p« S h *!?P c a s ne r u^ r ? Calit ' ornia ' 75 o; p» *Oo :?
£¦ J Old Highland Scotch Vhisky— Wm. Willams'; bet 90c *
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORITJM.
THE EMPOBTtTM".
S %*ZJr The Bowels _^"
CANDY CATHARTIC \*^
All shapes and shades for $2.50 I
That's a terse but complete description of our $2.50 hats. • H
We picture here but one style^ — if we attempted to show them II
all we would haveto take half a page. ~ M
However, it matters not what shape or color you desire, we V', n
have the combination you" want. - |j
Every, block in soft and stiff hats is represented in these $2.50 $j
lines, and each hat is guaranteed. A new hat free to any dissatisfied u
Out-of-town orders filed — write usl hContinued on Page 7, Column 0,
Colonel 0. E/ Sprague of New "Sfcrk
Reads Interesting Paper.
The convention then listened to the
reading of a number ef papers of special
BOND ACCOUNTS EXPLAINED.
The International Banking Corporation
is the chiff American bank authorized
to do business outside of the United
States. The bank is already doing a
large and profitable business in China
and the Philippine Islands, where it is
the designated .fiscal agent of the United
States Government, and is doing splendid
m'ork in advancing the interests of Amerl
«*n commerce abroad
This will be of special Interest at this
particular time, when our American bank
ers from all over the United States are
with us.
Special attention Is directed to the ad
vertising, columns therein appear the
full particulars of the International Bank
ing Corporation, setting forthvHs large
capital, its numerous and important
branches and its powerful and Influential
directors. *. . - -- '
International Banking: Corporation, t
William Hanhart, of New. York City,
DEALING IN TB.TJST ACCOUNTS.
secretary of the Savings Bank Section,
presented a very able paper on "Trust
Accounts In Savings Banks," and it was
a composition of marked knowledge with
financial subjects.
The views of the speaker were directed
to the proper method by which trust
accounts of various kinds should be
handled by savings banks.
The main portion of Mr. Hanhart's ad
dress was as follows:
The subject of the so-called "trust accounts"
In savings banks has always been a difficult
one to handle; the matter Is apparently a iS II
intricate, the usages of savings baiL d « ir
gI^ tly A "? *.° does thelr "Perlence, and t "
with the desire of somewhat clearing up the
matter that. I venture to state in af brief a
manner as possible, and in- a general wa?.h a
Jr( lT^J, ns ». princ i pleS w Un<lerlyln *f t™ subject
with the hope that by giving the views ofan
experienced bank officer I may draw out the
opinions and experiences of others older in !h«
business, and with a better understanding «7d
more comment to reason the subject out
To begin with, it must be understood t A. » t
address myself "only to saving, "Stut^n, 1
both mutual and capitalized, doing a real m
ings bank business, and not to savings InsUtu"
tions that are specially empowered b»£
charter or by the laws of their State to accew
and carry out trusts: the latter have trust of fl^
cases* 3 Ve COanSel t0 &dvUe them in "i
In the first Instance let Us consider *h>t on
counts are usually called trust accoums- theC
may b* broadly stated as all accounts tn'at^
opened or transferred, not simply in the naml
of one depositor, but having attached to th™^
some Qualifying clause, such a s in trus S
another, or for another.. or opened in wveral
names, or In the name of a society or coroorT
tlon or payable in a certain contlngenc^et?"
In short, all accounts that are not simply in
the name of one depositor. I will state tha f
in my opinion, savings banks accounts opened
by one person for or In trust for another Z*
at any time be withdrawn by the trustee
in the event of the death of the latter the^r.
malnlng balance. If any, should and may safe?^
be paid to the "cestul que trust" on prefentl
tlon of the bankbook and In the abseW^;
adverse claim; but If the "cestui que lrS.5j
Is not to be found, or does not exist and ts
legal representative of the trustee presents thl
bankbook, payment may be made to him in thl
absence of adverse demand. lne
Joint acounts such as "John Brown and tv»~
Jones," subject to withdrawal only on receJnS
signed by both parties, are opened by sonJe
savings banks, but I have always considered
them unsatisfactory to both the bank and^«
depositors, and experience has proven them
to be dangerous, because in the event of mS
death of one of the parties the question Invar
larably arises: May the bank pay on the rS*
of the one surviving depositor? To whom
did the fund really belong? Of course mT
ment may bo refused and a settlement waited
for through the courts, but this Is not ad
vutablo-in any event, and for years past many
of the progressive bank* have refused to open
such accounts; they are not safe to the bank,
and often become a source of contention law-
The local committee J In • charge ' of the
entertainment of the visiting bankers
pave evidence yesterday of the fact that
Jt is not overlooking the lady members
of the Eastern parties In its arrange
ments. Yesterday afternoon ¦ every • lady
received a box of choice candy, a beauti
ful bouquet of flowers and a dainty pack
age of California fruit with the compli-.
ments of.theiSan Franciec© bankers. The
packages were delivered to the hotel
rooms of each of the ladies and were, 1±
is hardly necessary to state, gracefully'
received. • •
Ladies Are BemexnberecL
Willis Payne, president of the Consoli
dated National Bank of New York, fol
lowed with a masterly treatise on "Sav
ings Banks' That Have Failed," and he
did not mince matters in placing blame
where it- belonged. He cited many In
stances where savings banks had been
wrecked by deliberate- dishonesty of di
rectors and officers and by the payment
of large salaries, and reckless speculation.
In part, Mr. Payne said: .
Savings bank* are a latter-day institution.
Thl* fact is evidence that In the development
of the world'* civilisation the moral and ma
terial keep each other company and progress
to a common end. The countries that are
developing material prosperity witness the
growth of benevolent Institution's. among their
people — Institutions for the care and comfort
of the dependent and the housing of the great
army of incapable*. ••¦ ,. ~
An institution that encourages prudent econ
omy and provides means for the safekeeping
of savings serves a better~purpose. in induc
ing provision for ! the future, than do alms
houses for the Improvident. Viewed .in this
light savings banks cannot fall to.be regarded
as among the most beneficent of our modern
institutions. I venture to express the convlc
tion that however the people of the State may
desire to accumulate, by securing large re
turns for the use of their money, those people
eadly miss it who do not lay up In the present
as against- the 'Inevitable future. That State
misses it which fails to provide for this pur
pose by establishing savings Institutions for.
the encouragement of thrift, where savings"
may be deposited in security and the laborer
may when. the yean have gone by and tha
hand ' has lost It* cunning have recourse to a
fund provide' through sacrifice, and which
the Inducements of a well managed savings
bank have enabled, him to accumulate.
The recent wonderful development ' of our
country has made us a nation optimistic, yet
the experience of the past, with Its failures,
should not be, forgotten. Rightly utilized they
should give us accurate Judgment In place of
a cheery expectancy born of desire. And here
let' me say that, with some exceptions, • and
because of the very character of 'those ex
ceptions, I the broad claim that ' our mutual or
non-capltallzed ¦ savings banks are '- to-day - the
strongest corporations, In a comparative sense,
of all the financial institution* of our land, is
fully substantiated. It may be thought a
strong statement to say that directors of sav
ings banks should be held to the strict ac
countability of Individual trusteeship. We ad
mit that savings banks are corporations and
this would seem to absolve individual respon
sibility as incorporation usually does. But
reflection .will »how that this peculiar and In
dividual trusteeship, and its resulting duties,
is a verity.
To tax the deposits In savings Institutions
Skillful Manner.
Willis Payne Treats Subject in Most
CAUSES OP FAH/JTRES.
stocks and bonds it Is well known that pub
lished Quotation* are not reliable.
Is to discourage the placing by ¦wage-earners
of their gains with such corporations. Not
only are the dividends which they receive les
sened by the amount of the tax paid, but the
knowledge that the earnings are to be taxed,
and thus diminished, acts as a deterrent. To
tax the accumulations of the provident poor Is
often to tax the Insurance which protects
their offspring from becoming public charges
in tho event of the death of the parents. Yet
tho Legislature of the State of New York
enacted a law the year befor last which pro
vided that every savings bank shall pay an an
nual tax equal to 1 per cent on the par value
of its surplus and undivided earnings. The
unwisdom of the enactment of this law is
evident when It Is remembered that a surplus
la created to the end that when Investments
depreciate tho depositors may receive in full
upon demand the moneys deposited, together
with tho earned dividends. It Is especially the
duty of this savings banks section to foster
a growth . of public ' opinion averse to this
phase of tax legislation. The Incumbent of
a ' savings bank receivership Is necessarily
brought into close contact with the sufferings
of deserving people, caused by Its failure,' and
is thereby deeply impressed with the absolute
necessity of throwing every possible safeguard
around their deposits.
An examination of the savings Institutions
In the State of New York that have failed re
veals three general causes of failure. As a
first general cause. I would specify the "avail
able fund" clause in many of the charters of
these failed banks, created by special legisla
tion. By "available fund" clause I mean the
Indefinite omnibus provisions of those special
charters which permitted investments other
than those especially authorized, but not ex
ceeding a fixed amount. In "such available
form as the trustee might direct."
As a second general cause of failure I
would name incompetency or carelessness In
the board of trustees. Poor advice can be had
for the asking, and indifferent or personally
weak trustees may bestow a modicum of time
or thought upon a business that brings them
little or no compensation.) . - -
As a third general cause of failure I -would
designate the element of positive dishonesty.
Yet this has appeared so Infrequently in sav
ings bank management as to Justify the be
lief that it Is less common than sporadic crime
In average humanity. ¦
The earnings of the worklngman are the
interest on his capital of strength and skill.
These aavlngs bank deposits are his surplus
income brought into being by reason of hi3
ambltlcn. The moment he opens an account
with a savings institution he 1* a capitalist,
and thus becomes a conservator, of order.
A word as to the supervision of savings in
stitutions by the State. This supervision In
the interest of safety and good management
docs not prevail in - all States, but Is seen at
ita best In the States of Connecticut, Massa
chusetts and New York, where the strongest
and largest savings banks are to be found.
If a model is sought, those of us In attend
ance from the Empire State may point to the
laws which • control - our savings . institutions,
the . aggiegate deposits of which on the first
day of last July exceeded one billion, one hun
dred and twelve million dollars.
Earnings of Working Classes and Proper Investment of
Same Is Theme of Many Papers.
SCENES AT TWO BIG RECEPTIONS GIVEN YESTERDAY AFTERNOON TO . THE VISITING BANKERS AND
THEIR LADIES, AND SOME OF THE PROMINENT MEN WHO ATTENDED THE REPRESENTATIVE
GATHERING IN THE FERRY BUILDING.
To endeavor to follow the market value from
time to time, as many public report* require,
Is also objectionable for the following reason:
It is based not upon facts, but upon opinions.
The Investment securities In question are not
fo continuously dealt in publicly as to be quot
able like produce or poultry. Even in active
To reduce bonds as soon as purchased to par
by artificially treating premiums as losses and
discounts as profits may be an easy process,
but that seems to me Its only recommendation.
A premium is simply payment in advance
for an abnormally high rate of Interest, and a
discount i* compensation in advance for an
abnormally low rate of Interest. In both cases
the compensation Is spread over the time that
the bond has still tp run; it does not apply
merely to the present day or the present half
year. By abnormal I mean differing from the
normal, the current, the fair rate of Interest
on that exact grade of security.
To discuss this motter fairly we must con
sider what this premium Is. Why do we pay
for a bond more than It calls for. or why can
we sometimes acquire it for less?
I am aware that many Institutions of high
standing state all their -bonds at par. To do
this they must necessarily have . treated the
sums paid for premiums as a loss or an ex
pense and have taken them, like other losses
from the surplus. In fact, some of them pub
lish with apparent pride the fact that "all pre
miums are at once charged to profit and Jss."
I observe that they do not say what becomes
of discounts. .
We are trustees for our depositors. A trustee
making his accounting to a surrogate or Judire
of probate Is always charged with the income
which ought to be received, and If he has not
collected It must show good cause why not
Similarly we should charge ourselves with tho
proper revenue, and the charge should .stand
until disposed of in cash or otherwise. <
I now come to a most important part of the
subject, and one on which there may be et^M
Blderable diversity of opinion.. It is the qujfiB
tlon of how we shall represent the value sf
bonds purchased at prices above or below par-
In other words, how. to dispose of premium*
and discounts.
My next suggestion Is as to the treatment
of Interest. I find that in many Instances no
regard Is paid to the accretion pf interest or
even its falling due, but it is considered null
until It takes the form of cash. I cannot heln
considering this as not the most perfect wav
for several reasons. *
A bond is, generally rpeaklng, a promise to
pay a certain principal sum at a future date
and in the meantime to pay as interest certain
periodical sums. Comparison of a large num
ber of issues shows the following tendencies:
The great majority of bonds are for a round
sum of money, payable on the first day of some
month, the interest being semi-annual and the
maturity of the bond being also on an Interest
day. There are exceptions In every one of
these particulars; some bonds are Issued tot
odd dollars and cents, some bear annual or
quarterly interest, gome pay interest on the
2d, the loth or the 2Sth of a month, some ma
ture at a date not coincident with an interest
date. It may be observed that these anoma
lies only hurt the marketability of these bonds
and thus Injure the borrower without any cor
responding advantage. The most numerous
bonds at present are 4s, January and July.
The first point on which I wish to insist is
that the bond ledger, or, to use the official
language of New York State, the "stock In
vestments" ledger, should be In a specialized
form calculated to afford on separate pages
the roost complete details as to each separate
bond investment. The ordinary double entry
ledger is totally inadequate to contain the
particulars required, though it will answer for
an aggregate account showing in condensed
form the total transactions of the kind. The
ideal arrangement. In my opinion, is a general
ledger of the broadest comprehensiveness, with
subordinate ledgers of the mo»t minute par
ticularity. The two opposing demands of com
prehensiveness and minuteness confront us in
all broadgauge bookkeeping, and can only be
met by a duplex system of general and special
ledgers, or systems of accounts: the former
giving statistical and the latter Individual in
fontiatlon.
As a savings bank proper is purely an In
vestment machine, the most Important branch
of its accountantcy, next to depositors' ac
counts, is that uf its Interest-bearing securi
ties. These are generally of two classes: 1.
Real estate mortgages. 2. Municipal or cor
porate Indebtedness, usually epoken of as
"bond?." From the fact that the physical
security is directly available to the mortgage
In case of default and the term Is so short
that readjustments of principal and rates of
interest can be effected directly, the former
class, real estate mortgages, require (some
what different treatment from the latter, in
which the variance between the contractual
and the market rate of Interest frequently re
suite in a premium or a discount. As either of
these branches 1s a very large subject, I will
confine myself in this paper to the securities
known as '"bonds."
interest to savings banks, the first paper
being by Colonel Charles E. . Sprague.,
president of the Union Dime Savings
Bank of New York. The topic of Colo
nel Sprague was "Bond Accounts" and he
dealt with, the subject In a lengthy man
ner. In part, Colonel Sprague said:
William Hanhart of New York City,
secretary of the Savings Bank Section,
then presented his report, showing that
548 savings banks had Joined the section,
being about one-half of the savings banks
of the United States.
If we hope for greater success we must keep
our section prominently before all bank offi
cers and In the. absence of personal interviews
continue to circularise and write as during
the past year.
Since our last meeting your executive com
mittee through its eecretary, William Han
hart, has eent out circulars to each and every
savings institution in the United States,
whether mutual or capitalized, outlining what
the new section proposed to do and soliciting
their co-operation.. We have had a large num
ber of replies and Inquiries to our letters, and
I believe to-day the American Bankers' Asso
ciation numbers among its members over 000
savings banks, . including trust companies and
banks having savings departments, many of
them, no doubt, due in a great degree to this
organization. I consider this a very good
showing for the first year and hope with your
assistance to have that number materially in
creased during the succeeding year. We have
bad prepared, by eome of our members papers
which they will read upon subjects of mutual
Interest. These papers will be printed in the
report of this meeting and sent to each of our
members, and many of us will have occasion
to refer to them when questions which they
cover come before us from time to time. It is
the aim of Xbe section to prepare for circula
tion such papers of mutual Interest and to
bring into closer relationship . our banks and
their officers where subjects of mutual im
portance can be discussed. It has always been
a serious question ! to me why our savings
banks have so many different methods of do
ing .precisely the same class of business. This
Is true In relation to our methods In the Kant,
and perhaps our Western friends can help us
In the right direction. We find It difficult to
instruct our depositors upon simple subjects
when asked what this or that bank will require
under given circumstances, and if we could
remedy only this email defect we would hav*
accomplished a great deal, and this would
tend to make our institutions more popular, if,
indeed, that were possible.
Your vice chairman. .lames McMahon. presi
dent of the Emigrant Industrial Savings Bank,
New York, somewhat advanced In years and
not tn good health, found it Impossible to
travel bo far, consequently as chairman of
your executive committee I am here as your
presiding officer. I auk your kind indulgence,
as the requirements of *peech- making are en
tirely out of my line.
At the meeting of the American Banker*'
Association held In New Orleans last November
an amendment was adopted to the by-laws es
tablishing a savings bank section similar in
•cope to the trust company's section, and In
pursuance to that amendment an organization
was effected and constitution and by-laws ap
proved. • Officers were elected, consisting of
chairman, vice chairman and nine members
of ' the executive committee, three each for
one, tw» ' and three years respectively. The
chairman, vice chairman and three members
of the executive committee retire to-day and
their places will be filled by election later In
the meeting. »
Gentlemen, Members of the^ Savings Bank
Section of the American Bankers' Association:
I am here as ycur presiding officer to-day not
by right, but through force of circumstances.
The Hcu. Myron T. Herrick, your chairman,,
has been honored by the Republican noml^a;
tion to the high office of Governor ot - l fMe
State of Ohio, and is at this time In the mNAt
of his campaign and unable to be present.
We shall miss him from our meeting to-day,
and were our by-laws not prohibitory I have
no doubt that you would all welcome his
re-election as your chairman.
G. Byron Latimer Presides in Ab
sence of Myron T. Herrick.
The presiding officer in addressing the
gathering said:
PROCEEDINGS ARE OPENED.
emy of Sciences building. 819
Market street, and one hundred members
responded to roll call.
In the absence of Myron T. Herrick,
chairman of the section, the convention
was presided over by G. Byron Latimer,
chairman of the executive committee.
THE convention of ' the Savings
Bank Section of the American
Bankers' Association was held
yesterday afternoon in the Acad-
Business of Savings Banks Gives
Thought to Busy Men.
Fred Heinz of Io-wa Tells of Need of
Proper Legislation.
President Fred Heinz of the Farmers
and Mechanics Savings Bank of Daven
port, Iowa, presented a paper on "The
Dangers Threatening the Savings Bank*.*'
In part he said:
At present the savings banks throughout
the country are In a prosperous condition. No
doubt it Is the aim of all Interested that they
should be kept so.
The dangers that threaten the savings bank
are. In common with other banks, inefficiency
and sometimes dishonesty In the management
by those in charge on the inside, and. occa
sionally, efficiency by the non-employe* get
ting at the funds from the outside.
In addition to thin all the savings bank* ar*
threatened with a greater danger, that of los
ing desoslts if Government savings banks
BhouM be established. The agitation for
Government savings banks Is considerable, and
should ordinary savings banks fall to any great
number it would no doubt hasten the estab
lishment of Government savings banks. The
main argument in favor of Government sav
ings bankj) 1» that it absolutely protect* th«
deposits. There are. however, many objec
tionable features. . .
To keen the present savings banks in. popu
lar favor It Is absolutely necessary that - the
greatest safeguards be provided for the safety
of the deposits. When this la done the cry for
Government savings banks will cease, other
wise not.
No doubt the best part of a savings bank
is that loans be good and kept good.
Many States have laws fixing the kind of
collateral that savings banks can Invest In.
For instance, the Iowa law permits Investment
in real estate mortgages located In the State.
Government bonds, and bonds, warrants and;
evidence* of debt Issued in the State, and a bank.
may make leans upon commercial paper, notes,
bills of exchange, drafts or any other personal
or nubile security,' but not on Its own stock.
Tne general drift of this Iowa idea is that
the securities be local securities, and that Is
the rule also In many other States and Is no
doubt a good one. for the closer the borrower
is to the lender the ea*ier It 1* to look after
th The e iowa e »ving* bank law Is modeled after
the national bank act. Amowc other safe
««rds we bare examination by a State bank
Samlner. and It originally provided that the
hl^k could not take more deposits than ten
[Tr*. Its capital stock. Now tnls has been
changed to twenty time* IU capital stock and
•uroius and henc« when the bank has de
oolits up to the limit the security of the de
££ tors I* not so good as It was before.
™* I believe Is wrong. All laws should be
made to give the public as abundant security
for their money a* a safe^ and conservative
tonkins business will Justify
The investments of the savings banks should
h* of such a character that there be no shrink
ace of the principal and In such shape that
thev can be disposed of in case of need within,
a reasonable time.
It would be well to have good savings bank
laws enacted In every State of the Union.. In
most feature* the law* of the various
states might be Identical, although that would
not be *o necessary a* the uniform law on
SEES DANGERS ATTRA-n
rults. quarrels among the depositors, and Z
advise refusing them altogether.
We now come to the alternative Joint ac
counts, such as "John Brown or wife Mary,"
the agreement of the bank, being to pay either
one of these depositors on presentation of the
bankbook; such accounts I consider as safe
to the bank, and wlthcut doubt they are very
useful and helpful to the depositors: In the
majority of cases they are opened jointly by
near relatives, such as husband and wife,
mother and daughter, sisters, etc., etc., who
clearly and easily understand that any one
of them moy withdraw ¦ the funds, and also,
that the death of either does nor . Interfere
with the account, in ho far a* that the *ur
vlvcr may withdraw or transfer the balance.
Executor's accounts should always be opened
In the name of the estate, whether they be
new accounts or transferred from the account
xf a deceased depositor, and power should be
given to. the executor to> make withdrawals: as
a general rule, when several executors are
named, the receipt of any one of them who
ha9 qualified is sufficient to bind the e3tate.
In the event of the death of the executor, th«
only sife course for the bank la to pay on, let
ters of administrator "Cum testaments an
nexo." that Is. with the will annexed: pay
ment under similar circumstances has been
made to the legal representative of the exe
cutor, and has been upheld In some courts,
but I would advise against it, as It may In
volve the bank In litigation, while payment
to a legal representative of the .estate, pre
senting the bankbook, is always lawful and
the safest way.
The above remarks apply to administrators*
accounts, except that If several administrator*
are named It Is safer to pay only on the. Joint
receipt of them all; In the event of the death
of the administrator you should require the
appointment of an administrator "de bonis
non" on the estate, and pay him only.
Guardian accounts should be opened or
transferred In the name of the guardian, stat
ing the minor's name; in the event of the
death of the guardian it Is well to require that
a new guardian be regularly appointed, unless
the minor has. In the meantime, reached his
majority, when payment may be safely made
to him, or her, as guardianship oeaseu "ip«o
facto" when majority la reached; If the
amount is small, and no new guardl&n' la ap
pointed. It Is often found convenient and ad
visable to wait until the minor la of age. when
the payment made to him becomes legal. If
the account Is opened by or In the name of a
minor payment to iuch minor at any time la
legal in most cf the States.
mm 9 m * HE Century Club tendered a" re-
I ceptlon to the ladles of the bank
¦ ' era* convention yesterday after-
I noon at the clubhouse on Butter
street, and It proved to be a bril
liant affair. The rooms were embowered
In green boughs and gay blossoms and
music floated through the air. The
guests, among whom were many promi
nent * members of local clubs, were "re
ceived with true California hospitality by
the following charming women:
President, Mrs. Frederick O. Sanborn: past
presidents. Mrs. A. L* Bancroft. Miss Anna
Beaver. Mrs. A. F. Morrison. Mrs. P. B.
Cornwall. Mrs. John F. Merr:M. Mr*. Frank
Simms. Mrs. Frederick Hewlett. Mrs. Frank
Bowman; director*. Miss Kate Mutchinson,
Mr*. V. F. Norris. Mrs. J. K. Wilson, Mrs.
Charles Slack, Mr*. Herbert Folger, Mrs.
Louis Hengstler. Miss Caroline Van 'Dyke, Mra.
Charles E. Cooper. Mm. Timothy Hopkins,
Mrs. IX W. Montgomery and Mra. Frank Sum
ner. -
The women who thronged the rooms
for two hours were, most of them, beauti
fully gowned; notably Mrs. Timothy Hop
kins. In a seductive gray satin pompa
dour surprisingly cut with a coat effect:
Mrs. John Merrill, in a gown of black
lace; Mrs. Tripp, a guest stopping at the
Palace, from Alabama. In a gorgeous
white gown of thready lace, with a white
lace and taffeta coat and a mink hat,
lightened with milk white feathers.
The rooms have rarely looked more
beautiful than yesterday with feathery
ferns and waving grasses gracing nooks
and corners. In the main hall In a wil
derness of green a stringed orchestra dis
coursed sweet music— and it was not of
the insistent kind that precludes the chit
chat that o'ercomes the funereal air of
receptions — indeed, there were delightful
chats and greetings over the dainty tables
that will linger long in the memories of
the guests from over the Rockies. <
And the guests were prolific of praise
for the genuine spirit of fraternity that
prevailed in the club and that seems to
pervade the home life of women who
dwell- there. It Is an admitted fact that
the home breathes forth the personality
of the dweller— hence must the hospital
ity of the member be phenomenal, for the
welcome extended was of the kind that
comes from the heart and the air breath
ed It forth convincingly. The affair will
go down in the annals of the club as one
of its splendid successes.
Among; the directors of the Board, of
Trade present were: J. S. Emery. E.
XV. Marston. Craigie Sharp, Mrs. A*. L.
Bancroft, Arthur R. Brigrgs, E. XV. Mas
lin. General X. P. Chipman, T. Cary
Friedlander, Colonel John P. Irish W.
II. Mills. B. N. Rowley. C. M. Wooster,
M. L. McDonald. E. D. Sweetser. Ed
ward Btearns of Oakland and Mr. Mat
thew of. Ban Jose. Mestiam.es J. S. Emery,
A. L.. Bancroft, E. W. Maslin, N. P,
Chipman, J. P. Irish, W. H. Mills. B.
IC. Rowley and Matthews acted as a lad
dies' reception committee.
After, eeeing your bounteous country, after
tasting of your wines and partaking of your
fruits, after living a few days in your de
lightful climate, I feel like Wordsworth did
when, as he turned and gazed back upon a
beautiful lake in Western. Europe and said:
"I have half a mind to turn back again."
We congratulate the State Board of Trade
fcr the line exhibition it haa prepared, showing
tie cpportunlties for the Investment of our cap
ital.
I cannot forbear mentioning the cordial wel
come that we are receiving from the bankers
end people of San Francisco. You have here
the right men to appeal to and come In touch
with the bankers of the world.
Journeying across your State I could not but
be Impressed by the conditions as compared
with the came when your pioneer father?
crossed the snowy fiierra and settled tn this
land of sunshine. I enjoj-ed every hour of the
trip through the mountains and over the
plains. California must have held out much
promise to bring great men to match the wen
derfulness cf her coll. \V« have lived to see
the days that Daniel Webster prophesied.
when he said: "There la nothing to stop the
westward march of the American people toward
the Pacific, and then the water will not even
prove a barrier to this onward movement." ¦
IMPRESSED BY CONDITIONS.
The response for the Bankers' Associa
tion "was delivered by C. A. Pugsley,
president of the Westchester County Na
tional Bank of Peeksvllle, N. Y-, and
Congressman from the New York Six
teenth District. He said:
I know that I voice the sentiment* of every
backer from the Atlantic to the Pacific and
from the Gulf to Canada when I eay that we
are glad to meet and greet the bankers and
citizens of California here by the Golden Gate.
I agree with Colonel Irish when he Bays that
through all the trying experiences our country
r.ts had California haa stood strongly for gold.
Our people live under greater physical com
forts than they could In any other part of
the world. The fruit crop alone nets the
State over 40,000.000 a year. We control the
raiFin crop of the worid. Our orange district,
throuph It* extended season cf production,
rhlps each year more of this luscious fruit than
any other district. Here we produce the only
pure olive oil In the United States.
Ent the best crop we raise in California Is
our crop of men and women. We ¦welcome
you from the Cast ar.d extend to you the hos
pitality of our city and our State.
You knew, you bankers, that California was
the only part of the I'nion that during the
troublesome times of the Civil War adhered
to the told standard.
Our flowers bloom the year round. Our
weather you are now Boeing an example of is
the same !n the month cf January. We have
two seasons, the wet and dry, and we enjoy
them both.
STOOD BY GOLD STANDARD.
The Htate If remarkable for the loyalty cf
it* people. We have people from all parts of
th» world, people from every country In the
world and from every State In the I'nion.
Our resources are many and varied. W ithm
the last lew years tho lumber industry n«s
beoome a creat feature !n the money-matting
towers of the State. During the last three
year s more than $50,000,000 has changed hands
here In the handling; of our timber. Then
we have our fruity, wires and minerals, all
vt which brine in million*. ©£ dollar* each
year.
We look to you ladies and gentlemen to go
back to ycur homes with a whole and correct
impression of the resource* of this (Treat State
end when In the future a. farmer ccmes to you
and says that he needs a little money with
which to start his farm In California, you can
lend him the necessary amount without tear
that his venture will Drove a failure.
Colonel John P. Irish was next intro
duced. In part he said:
This exhibit here Is no give to you, ladies
and gentlemen, a correct impression of the re
sources cf California. Our soil is fertile. As
far north as the tunny elopes of Shasta we
raise oranseg. Every day in the year we ex
j'ort something fresh from our sell. There is
no Fliniiar area of the earth's surface that
produces such varied resources :»« California.
All kinds cf fruits, tropical and seml-tropt
ca.1. pow here, under the same sun and on the
Fame soil.
RESOURCES ABE MANY.
Groups of visitors lingered before the
various receptacles and cases containing
almost every known semi-tropical fruit
and many of the tropical variety, and
from all sides were heard exclamations
of admiration for the beautiful and wide
ly varied resources of California's solL
Large tables laden down with fresh
fruits and California made wines were
prettily decorated and the visitors en
joyed an abundance of the hospitality of
the gtate.
General X. P. Chipman. president of
the Statft Board of Trade, made a few
opealas remarks. He said:
Too who represent the banking concern* and
tYa carttal of the country should know or
fi» v 8 -t resources of this glorious countp'-
You have not corr.e here to invest menev. for
~e r.a\e mere than we need. It is but .mute
example of the prosperous condition of the
State.
Hundreds of the men of finances, their
wives and daughters, threaded in and out
the lengthy rooms and viewed with won
der and pleasure the products of the soil
cf the Golden State. Many exclamations
cf surprise were heard as each turn
brought the delighted visitors in view of
tome new exhibit of fruit, cereal or wine.
THE members of the American
Bankers' Association were ten
dered a reception by the State
Beard of Trade yesterday after
noon in the exhibit rooms of the
board at Ihe frrry building.
Members of California State Board of Trade Receive Guests at Rooms.
Society Gathers in
Force at Head
quarters.
THIS morning the Twenty-ninth Convention of the American .bankers Association will open at tne Cahtornia lheater ana
continue for three days. Fifteen hundred delegates, representing the leading financial institutions of America, are now. in
San Francisco, and their deliberations are fraught with; importance to the entire country. At the proceedings to-day ad
dresses of. welcome will be delivered by Governor Pardee and the 1 Mayor of San Francisco, and the business of the first day will
consist of rq;orts of officers of the association and the presentation of important 'financial papers and : addrwses; .' ' This evening
a reception will be tendered to the delegates and their ladies. at the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art, at California, and. Mason streets.
Yesterday the Trust Company and the Savings Bank sections. of the'main. organization held conventions and. elected . officers for
the ensuing year. \ .' . - * • i-l •'.;•*• '•¦;•-'•; - ' ¦ { ' ;.;!•. ' ••; >
At Century Club
Ladies Are Re
ceived.
CITY'S VISITORS ARE GIVEN GENEROUS WELCOME AT RECEPTIONS
AT WHICH PROMINENT RESIDENTS OF SAN FRANCISCO ARE HOSTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1903.
6BANKEBS ABE : BANQUETED.
Governor Pardee Greets the Distin
guished Visitors at Table.
A dinner was given In the evening-by
the bankers of San Francisco to the
executive council ofthe American Bank
ers' Association in' the conservatory of
the Palace - Hotel. Flowers were, scat
tered In 'every direction, of the conserva
tory, hanging fr6m' T chandelIer and from
idltUeres, springing from epergnes and
So many applications have been made
for stalls by trainers in this'. State and
In the East that the management will not
be able to accommodate two-thirds of
those who desire stabling. gg&t
W. J. Hazellt will arrive In a few days
with a string of ' twelve horses. • Auto
light is the best known of his collection.
E. J. Smith is coming from Chicago
with five horses. ....
Barney Schreiber shipped twenty horses
to the coast to be put in training for. the
coming races. Otis," winner of .thel St.
Louis .Derby, and a,. prominent candidate
for the "American. Derby, is among them.'
Schreiber. will' ship a second string, of
eleven/ This will make thirty-one horses
to run in the big bookmaker's , colors on
this coast. A ...
Trainer Miles is coming from St. Louis
with four or five horses fof^the Oakland
meeting. Coggswell is the best in the
string.
Many Thoroughbreds Leaving.
Proceedings Are Terminated With
Thanks to People of California.
The election of officers was then held,
the following gentlemen being- duly se
lected to serve on the committee: ¦
Chairman, A. C. Tuttle. treasurer Naugatuck
Savings Bank. Naugatuck. Conn.; vice chair
man. William president of . New
York Savings Bank.. New York. Executive
committee, to serve three years — Fred Heinz,
president of Fanners' and Mechanics' Savings
Bank. Davenport. Iowa: E.' Qulncy Smith, vice
president of Union Savings Bank. Washington
D. C: H. Leroy Harwood. treasurer At Mari
ners' Saving* Bank. New; London. Conn.
. William Hanart-was .re-elected secre
tary, the balance of the executive com
mittee being as follows:
Term expiring 1004— G. Ad. Blaffer. cashier
Germania Savings Bank and Trust Company.
New Orleans. La.: W.-S. Paine, trustee Metro
politan Savings Bank. New York -City; L.'II
Dinkins, cashier Algiers Savings Bank, Xew
Orleans, La. ¦ .•¦ -»• ¦
Term expiring 1905 — H. C. Shafer, cashier
Scranton Savings Bank. Scrantcn, ' Pa. ; George
B. Latimer. secretary Irving Savings Bank
New York City; Cv M. Preston, cashier Hamil
ton True t and Savings Bank, Chattanooga '
Tenn. \ .••:.-.
.The . convention , was . then declared
closed, after thanks had hem passed by a
rising -vote, in which' the local reception
committees. and the people of San Fran
cisco and California were thanked for the
generous reception accorded to the dele
gates and their friends. . y
Comptroller Bidgely Here.
¦ William • Barrett Ridgely, Comptroller of
the United- States "Treasury, ' who is to
deliver an address •before the' American
Bankers" Convention, arrived 'in this city
on' the' late train last night end Is regis
tered at the 4 Palace Hotel. The gentle
man .formed on* of .the New York ; bank
ers'.*• party- which arrived here Monday,
but he stopped ' over" in~Sacramen to.
NEW OFFICERS ARE ELECTED.
Resolved. That we strongly urge the organis
ing of State asscclations of savings banks In
every State and Territory of the Union having
savings bonks, and that we pledge our Indi
vidual efforts to further this object.
A short discussion of the papers pre
sented was then held and the following
resolutions were unanimously adopted:
Kesolved. That the .T.airman appoint a
committee of three members, who are to pro
cure the complete statutory enactments re
ferring to savings banks of the various States
of the Union, and that thereafter the said com
mittee, after receiving suggestions from those
interested, proceed to prepare such a bill as.
In their opinion, would be a praper and correct
bill suitable for adoption in every State of the
Union, and that, when so prepared, the same
be submitted to the next annual convention of
this body, for further action. . •
Whereas.- The State associations for savings
banks, as existing in several States, have
proved most beneficial to their interests and
helpful to ' their depositors by representing
them before their respective Legislatures In the
consideration of bills affecting their Interests
and In bringing bank officials tosether for the
discussion of the many subjects of special In
terest to them.
Important Committee to Be Appoint
ed to Draft Desired Bills. .
GENERAL LAWS ABE DESIBED.
A gang of tramps held up a special
freight train bound from Oakland to
Mendota last night. They boarded tha
train in a body near the Sixteenth-street
station and held up and robbed Brake
men Hill and Schroeder. and then made
their escape.
The freight was going very slow at th«
time and the hobos had little difficulty
In getting aboard. They surprised the
crew, but hurriedly made their departure
as soon as they had robbed the two brake
men. The police have* been notified, but
have no clew to the Identity of the rob
bers.
L.ucius Teter. cashier of the Chicago
Savings Bank of Chicago, read a most in
teresting paper on "Savings Bank Adver
tising" and the best methods of keeping
a savings bank before the minds of the
general public.
• I would therefore movt you, Mr. Chairman,
that you appoint a committee of three, not
including the mover, who are to get the com
plete statutory enactments as to the govern
ment of savings^ banks of the various States
of. the Union, and that thereafter said com
mittee, after receiving suszestiona from those
interested, proceed to prepare such a bill as
In their opinion would be a proper and correct
bill suitable for adoption la every State in
the Union, and that when so prepared the
same would be submtted to th« next annual
convention of this body for further action.
Such a bill, wherever enacted by the law
makers, would add to the popularity of the
savings bank.
It niifht.be' well to have a committee ap
pointed by this body to get all the statutes
of the various 8tatea together, and from them
and other sources form a bill that can act
as a model for the Legislatures of the various
States.
commercial .paper, which travels over many
Statee, while the savings bank paper is usually
local in its character .
Philip T. Babcock, trust officer of thn
Colonial Trust Company of New York,
read an able address on "Escrows: A
Varletl and Profitable Feature of Trust
Company Business." He dealt with the
DEALS WITH ESCBOWS.
Interesting: Address Is Delivered by
Philip T. Babcock of NeW York.
Sooner or later the obligation must be dis
charged to make a wise disposition of his for
tune, as nothing is more certain than that
he cannot himself continue, and as nothing
is more certain than that th» question Whom
shall I constitute my executor or trustee?
Shall it fce my elden son? Frequently he Is
of all the family the Wast qualified. Shall it
be one of the Juniors? Such preference Is apt
to excite feaiaay and bitterness and lead to
unha.p«>y dl?»>?ni<lon8. A trusted and experi
enced friend? He may not survive, and In any
event h!n availability may alter through
changed condition* and circumstances when It
is too lat<* to recall the tniHt. A l^gaJ coun
f»;cr? His ability and character may both
be great, but the uncertainties of life pur
round him as they dr. other men. be he ever
so competent end faithful. If provision Is tc
be jnade for children and grandchildren, a long
tenure of office lit the tru<=te«» Is of preat Im
portance: and if any or all cf the fund to *>«:
transmitted Is to be devoted to public chari
ties a perrr aner 't trustee then becomes Inev
itable Moreover, there always exists th<; pos
sibility of malfeasance and betrayal, the sirs
of omlFsion and commission, whereby fortunes
are too often dissipated and lo«t.
Thi« rroblem. which, to thoughful and con
scientious men" is a grave one. the trust com
pany In Its l^gal capacity as administrator,
executor or guardian o<- trustee, ts established
to solve. Enjoying perpetuity. H is not sub
ject to the vicissitudes cf death. Controlled
by the limitation* and previsions of Its char
ter It is kept by the Btrong hand cf the law
within the limits of conservative operations
Presumably managed by a competent board of
directors the beneficiaries of the trust have
the advantage of the collective wisdom of the
experienced man, and in nnanclal matters, in
a rrulwtude of experienced counselors there
U safety" Inspected by independent officers
of the State any wrongdoing by the officers
of a trust company cannot long remain undis
covered Possessed of ample capital, the bene
flcia-r is guaranteed against los« through er
rors or willful dishonesty. Moreover, the trust
company. In managing many estates can do
eo with an economy not possible to individual
trustees Undoubtedly there are often advan
tages in having as trustee an attorney who
na* advteE MB* donor in h'.s lifetime, and
whose Peculiar kf-wledge of the estate is v-1
uablV but as hala been stated, such manage
ment In the nature of things cannot be long
enr-uring but its advantages can be secured
hv unufig the family counselor with the trust
cornpany^a. co-tru.tees. In this manner both
thTVpecial benefits of corporate management
ana those of an individual trustee can be se
"wAhmit. therefore, that the burdens of the
a single mind devoted to the institution
S« serve ItV corporate work, whether ex-,
clu7ivel7relatlng to its trust business or not.
Bhould be of a dignified character and free from
h«Srd Around the trust company should fur
ihVrbe thrown the safeguards of wise legisla
tion In »me of the older States adequate
rWistotT in this respect has been made and
?£w beneficent laws could profitably be adopt
.5 hv the States less fortunate.
The Legislature may well give careful con
.tnVra'ion to -this Important function of flnan
clal^o'rporatloni.. It is true the trust company
i J^Srattvely a newcomer. Tbe first ot
lieh^rtiwtlws began business in the United
R?^tU but little more than fifty years ago.
S? of that half century is. however.
™^ whole, an honorable one. and the ex
; .V»it« Bcrvlces in the management of prop-
i« WLbnvntectlT understood by those
£o«t raring Its *P*cial facilities. In the
auVftlon few. If any. losses have oc-
SSSd to W trust Property by the delln
n7nrv of any trurt company acting In a fidu
q ..«- capacity. Th-re have unquestionably
£«£insuch institutions occasional acts ofmal.
£«anV bv employes, but in no case that- l
£n £Sill : h«s the trust company failed to
make^ood to the oeneflciary the temporary
•T.m^l'^Kion. therefore thi ; th,
,iJ,° value of *ueh companies in the special
which I have alluded should be made
known to that class which we may Justly hope
Ts burning numerically greater, to whom the
orobleiTof the proper management and ultl
5£te disposition of their property present*
UsVlf as the peculiar problem of the rich.
ships In life than those sudden reversals of
fortune where a child, reared in luxury, •"
suddenly called upon to face unaccustomed
poverty. k* ¦ "
The New York Evening 1 Post has ar
ranged to bring out a banking edition of
that paper in' this ; city every day during
the bankers* convention. The. first Issue
of the sheet appeared -yesterday after
noon and It contained air the day's "news
of Wall street and other commercial cir
cles. It will be devoted exclusively to
financial news.
Will Print Financial News.
The Knickerbocker Quartette sang dur
ing the evening and »was " heartily ap
plauded.
After the banquet each guest Tvas pre
sented with a huge bouquet of beautiful
flowers. ;¦¦>'; .
Mr. McMurray said he hoped the vis
itors would take advantage of the facili
ties tendered them to travel over tbe
whole of the State from Slskiyou to San
Diego and instead of six days, he begged
them to extend their visit to six weeks.
He also took the opportunity to tell them
that all civic and commercial bodies of
California were eager to give them a
royal . welcome. He begged that since
they had come so far they might re
main longer and view the great State of
which they have read so much.
Frank Symracs, and William McMurray
were among other speakers of the even
ing, v
Governor Parde brought his remarks to
a close with renewed expressions of
heartfelt greeting. In the name of the
people of the State he told of the pleas
ure that the visit of the. American Bank
ers' Association had afforded them while
they desired everywhere to extend to
their distinguished visitors the most cor
dial welcome. ¦
. After the repast Governor Pardee gave
the visitors a hearty, sincere and patri
otic welcome to the land of friHt, flowers
and sunshine. The Governor, in discuss
ing and describing the remarkable ad
vantages to be enjoyed in California, told
his interested hearers of her dimensions
and reminded them with a genial and
kindly invitation that there was room for
the people ofthe East, who would be wel
comed whenever they came here In great
or small numbers. The Governor pic
tured the incomparable scenery. of Cali
fornia. He graphically described her
mountains and her valleys, her vineyards
and her orchards, and her horticultural
and floricultural wealth. No floods, no,
typhoons were known here, said Governor
Pardee, to bring devastation, and, he
said, no sunstroke hampered and laid low
the man who labored on the street or in
the field. It was a State where extreme
Climatic drawbacks were unknown, and
with all such advantage he wondered why
California. God's own country, had no
more of the people of the nation. The
Governor asked who, in that respect, was
at fault.
Hs asked: "Is It our own fault," or whose
fault Is it?"
Governor Pardee was present to do
honor to the guests of the evening and
Caldwell Hardy was chosen to preside.
made Into rich varl-colored ropes stretch
ing the whole length of the table. -
After a vote of thanks had been voted
to the citizens of San "Francisco and the
people of California for the welcome ex
tended to the delegates the meeting ad
journed. •
The executive council of the trust com
pany section of the Bankers' Association
met at the Palace HoteKyesterday after
noon and elected Clark Williams, vice
president of the United States Mortgage
and Trust Company of New York, to
serve as chairman of the executive com
mittee. A. A. Jackson, vice president
of the Girard Trust Company of Philadel
phia, Pa., was ¦ elected .to the executive
board to fill the vacancy caused by the
retirement of E. ] A. • Potter, chairman of
the executive committee.
The election of officers of the trust corn
pan section of the Bankers' Association
then followed and the following 'gentle
men were elected to serve for the ensu
ing year:
Breckinridge Jones, vice president of the Mis
sissippi Valley Trust Company of St. Loui*.
chairman; Edwin A. Potter, president of ths
American Trust and Savings Company of Chi
cago, vice chairman. The following were elect
ed to Oil vacancies on the executive committee:
Chark Williams, vice president of the United
States Mortgage and Trust Company of New
York; Edward H. . Renlnger, treasurer of the
Lehlgh Valley Trust Company of Allentown,
Pa., and Frank W. Zelle, president of the Mer
cantile Trust Company of San Francisco.
The officers of the executive committee
are as follows: '
- Secretary. James R. Branch. Hanover Bank
building/ New York City.
Members of the executive committee — Term
expiring 1904 : Louis L. Stanton. second vie*
president Standard Trust Company, New York
City; E. A. Potter, president American Trust
and Savings Bank, Chicago. Ills.; F. J.'Wade,
president Mercantile Trust Company. St. Louis.
Mo. Term expiring 1005: John : Skelton Wil
liams, president Richmond Trust and Safe De
posit Company, Richmond. Va. ; A. J. Enright,
secretary Missouri Valley Trust Company, St.
Joseph, Mo.; S..F. Haaerot. president Pruden
tial Trust Company, Cleveland, Ohio.
Prominent Men Appointed to Serve
on Trust Company Section.
SELECT OFFICERS FOtt YEAH.
Clark "Williams, vice president of the
United States Mortgage and Trust Com
pany, of New York, followed with a con
cise paper on "The Business of TruBt
Companies Compared With the Business
of Clearing Banks." Sir. Williams show
ed that the business In the. last twelve
months of forty-nine trust companies In
Greater New York amounted to $741,000,
000. compared to r $Si4,000,009 handled by
the clearing banks of- that section. He
declared that a point in favor of the trust
companies was proven by the fact that
the checks drawn on the trust companies
of Greater New York for the x last year
amounted to $4,000,000,000, while checks
drawn on the clearing banks of that sec
tion amounted to $74,000,000,000. This, the
Epcaker claimed, showed that the public
was 'satisfied to allow its funds to re
main on deposit with the trust companies.
A five-minute talk of delegates followed
the reading of the papers and Clark Wil
liams suggested that steps be taken to
enlarge the membership of the trust com
pany section of the Bankers' Association
and that uniform laws be secured In the
various States governing the management
of safe deposit boxes. The various dele
gates that epoke In the discussion echoed
the sentiments expressed by Mr. Wil
liams.
the business of similar institutions in the
East. that. the^i possibilities were great
and that the scene of future^flnanclal op
erations of -vast magnitude- -would be
shifted from the Atlantic to' the Pacific
Coast.
p.C. Kauffman. vice president of the
Filedlty Trust Company of Tacoma.
Wash., then delivered an address upon
the business of the trust companies In the
Pacific Northwest. He showed that while
the ; business • of the trust companies of
tfcls section was very small compared to
Clark Williams of New York Pre
sents Interesting Figures.
BUSINESS, OF BILLIONS.
Next Is one somewhat more In vog;ue a few
years ago than at present: Some wonderful
El Dorado, needing only a few dollars for de
velopment to make its shareholders •"rich be
yond the dream of avarice," or some embryo
Standard Oil Company needing a small amount
to Gig a hole In the ground and enrich the
rest of th* world; some such enterprise is capi
talized'by philanthropists who desire, out of
love for their fellow-man, to let him iri on a
good thing by selling him a few shares of
treasury stock at 10 cents on the dollar (going
to 20 cents next week); being philanthropists,
or perhaps because they know each other too
well, they do not ask that the money shall be
paid to themselves direct, but to a trust com
pany, who will hold the stock in escrow and
deliver it as sold.
Seriously, gentlemen, I do not mean to Inti
mate for one moment that all enterprises
brought out in this way. through the Inter
mediary services of a trust company, are of
the character sketched above: far from it. But
I do want to point out the dangerous features
of this kind of escrow and to show the need
of very great caution when such a proposition
Is brought to us. One particular objection to
thU form of escrow Is the very real responsi
bility put upon the trust comuany.
In the State of New York, and I believe in
most others, a company cannot issue its own
stock for less than par; euch stock la often
gold, rightly and properly so. by owners who
have received the stock at par for property pur
chased, and in other Kays; but when a trust
company accepts payments for so-called treas
ury stock it should be very sure of the bona
flde» of the proceedings; should have a very
intimate and exact knowledge of the transac
tion • shoura. In fact, be prepared to accept
th« moral responsibility entailed as being a very
r«al end legal responsibility; and that. I opine,
is outeide the proper functions of a trust com-
In this form of escrowMhere !s always
the danger of the trust ¦ company belns held
liable for representations and promises con
tained In circulars an* prospectuses, even when
Us sen-Ices' have been limited to distributing
such papers. One or two recent cases in the
New York courts illustrate this danger.
A., the grantor, »ells to B, the grantee, certain
property, real estate, securities, or what not;
but for one reason or another cannot immedi
ately give clear title and confummctj; the bar
-a!n. cr B is not ready on his part; both
parties, however, d^slrinjr that the bargain
ehajl be blnUinu. seek the services of a trust
company. A depositing his deed or securities
with proper ii«=is:nments. and B UepOsltlnE
such rxart of the consideration as may tx»
&«ree»i u:>cn, umaUjr to become forfeited it
he fails to carry &"t his part of tha agree
m<r.t when the proper time arrive*.
I need oniy point rut In this connection
that care should ba tak»n. In such an escrow,
that the position of the trust con-pany does
not become one cf stakeholder, sln'.-e a stake
holder must dec!d? whether an a^rreem»nt has
been properly rarriert cut p.nd be the sole
Judge of Its fulfillment or nonfullillment. an
entirely unnecessary and undesirable position
for the trust comivany, unwarranted by any
charge It could reasonably make lor its ser
vices. I venture t<» *ugxe*i. therefore, t&at
in such escrows (and perhaps In all escrow*)
the Instructions to the trust companiee should
be In writing and signed by all parties to the
agreement. If either the Erantor or prantee
refuse to Jcln in Fuch Instructions the trust
company simply Fits still end permits them to
ficht it out; If made a party to any suit it
Bdmtts the fact? of which It ha? knowledge
and prays the honorable court to instruct It
as to Its (the. court's) wishes, counsel usually
asking for a proper allowance to cover their
duties in the premises. Such is the simple
escrow.
This definition and explanation cover the
strict legal use of th? word, but It ia com
mcnly the practice In trust company work to
carry under th!^ head various forms of busl-
Vfss which, prihaps. do not conform absolutely
with this strict legal definition, and yet which
Justify my sub-title and are propsrly within
the Eeooe of trJ£t company function*.
The simple form of escrow, and perhaps
the most common, in the one of our dellnltion:
The dictionary define* an escrow as: "An
inctruzKcm under seal, placed in tbe bands
of a third person for delivery to the grantee
en tome condition, the instrument being of
no effect until cellvery." Wack'* I«aw Dic
tionary enlarges this definition by stating: "A
irrant may be deposited by the grantor with a
third pfrson. to be delivered on the perfor
mance cf a condition, ar.d on delivery by >he
depositary it win tp.fce effect. While in the
I>ossees!on of a third and subject to
condition, it is called an "escrow." "
subject' In a broad manner . and, in part,
said:
SPECIAX FREIGHT TRAIN
IS HELD TJP BY TRAMPS
PITTSBURG. Pa.. Oct. 20.— The Fed
eral National Bank, on whose stock a
raid was. made in the local Stock Ex
change yesterday, has not. according to
President Langfitt. suffered any material
hurt. No run on the institution has re
sulted, and the prompt action of the local
banks in offering assistance has served
apparently to allay distrust.
A factor In allaying apprehension was
the knowledge that many of the institu
tions had strengthened their resources
during the night A large amount of cur
rency from New York. Philadelphia and
Washington was sent to Baltimore dur
ing the night and this moraine. How
much was received was not definitely
known, but It Is estimated that between
J3.000.000 and $5,000,000 Is In the vaults of
banks' and trusts which was not there
yesterday.
One of the reassuring incidents of the
day was the announcement that tha
Union Trust Company, one of the sus
pended companies, would resume business
In a few days.
BALTIMORE. Oct. 20.— All the banks
and financial Institutions in Baltimore
were opened promptly at the customary
hour to-day. Among financiers generally
there Is a uniform expression of confl
uence that no other suspensions are now
probable, and whatever panicky feel-
Ing was manifested yesterday over the
failure of the Maryland and Union com
panies has practically disappeared.
On the Stock Exchange the sentiment
during the whole day has been optimistic
and In the closing hours there was evi
dently not a member who feared further
trouble. '
Baltimore Concerns Re-
Large Supply
of Currency.
SOME LEADING MEMBERS i OF
THE AMERICAN; BANKERS' AS
SOCIATION NOW IN THIS CITT.
BUSINESS OF SAVINGS BANKS,
Continued From Page 6, Column 7.
dcred with tbe care of their own pcseexlons
sj* who leave It either to family solicitors or
to fiduciary corporations. Thus freed from the
turden. they find time to devote themselves
to ihe politics of their country, the pursuits
of literature, the cultivation of art. the en
joyment of their landed estate* a.id to the
Ie*:t'.rr.«t. Pleasures which a large cosmopol
iua carita! like London affords.
In AiR»r5ca en erer Increasing number are
I'arrins this !<w*on. Their greatest problem
U to find a editable custodi*! for thHrSrealth
u> whom Its cares and responsibilities may
be rarely delegated. .
If. however, the American man of wealth
«"' " ct *'l»h to retire from business but.
• 1th his characteristic and inexhaustible en
ttxr. prc.frs. for the mere plnarure of achieve
ment, to continue to add to hia accumulated
means, he is ret confronted by the possibility
of disability through diseases or Infirmity of
**-- and the rertalaty of death. Unless he Is
rtrtnpfly indifferent, he cannot be unmindful
cf the question an to the ultimate disposition
of his icherltt-d or acquired possessions If
l>ir*god by the tics of blood with a family,
either lineal cr collateral, he finds that he hay
becom* a kind of human providence to a de
pendent group, for the members of which. In
varying degrees of duty, it is his pleasure to
•rrrend a prot^ting ani helping hand He
must recocTilze that hit children, who' have
been educated In the schools, cultivated by
travel and refined In taste through social cus
toms and manners, have in a sense claims
t^on him. and that there are few greater hard-
The address prepared by Hon. Lyman
J. Gage and presented to the convention
yesterday was as follows:
* re accustomed to think cf tbe serious
rrcblem* whtrh bf.set the poor, and we sym
r«thlre or oujrht to eymoaxnize with them
The er»r present question of to-raoirow the
: •-: t... Xairure of employment, the cost of
living, the drawback of sickness, the calamity
of agthO.ee may be briefly summarized
es the leading problems of the very poor
Tiiese problems do press a painful burden upon
the larrer mass of society. To secure im
munity from them, to find honorable avenues
ior escape, to secure financial independence In
thon to ecc-.zmuU.te wealth. Is and forever
must I*- a natural and laudable ambition. But
no -sooner does one pats over from the army
or the poor to the relatively smaller com
£*cy donated the rich or well-to-do, than be
find. tlAt the problem, of life, if changed
in their nature, are yet vexatious and trouble
some. Having become possessed of a' com-
E? 1 -^-.., 11 * no lon *« r "*« t*« approach of
his landlord for rent unprovided, nor Is he
anxious concerning to-morrow's bread or as
to the wherewithal to clothe fcls fasvly Fre
<5uectly. however, he learnt that wealth is a
burden and often a heary one. He discovers
•n innate ter.deney in accumulated treasure
to take unto Itself wings. He Cads that money
flies as well as -talks." He is apt to learn
how eacy It Is to lose In an hour the careful
**Z l ?F*°~ Boati » »°<* re*", aad. In a sense
wholly differed from the Latin poet, be learns
that tbe descent to tht Avemus of financial
dirazter Is et?y end swift, and that It is dlf-
Jicuit to recover his lost footing «nd escape
to the upper air of financial freedom.^He
eoon learns that when he loan* meney he is
apt to borrow trouble.
In this country we have not well learned
the lesson of content with reference to an
acquired competence. The American business
tnaa seldom retires. He prefers to struggle
on in the harness and to carry his financial
rrrblfms to the Inevitable end. not as a ren
rrtl rule Ircm considerations of avarice (for
•n no country are the rich more r«nerous or
less avaricious), but from the sheer Jor of
achievement and the fascination which the
crrsflict of business life has for him. in Eng
land they have learned better than we to be
content with a competence, to relieve one's
fit of the burden of wealth and to devote.
r-ne's energies to other purposes than the mere
increase ol the burden. In other words, there
If in Esglar.d a pronounced leisure clas* men
who have not merely withdrawn themselves
from turin«*e. but who will not even be bur-
The subject of the address was "The
Problem of Wealth and the Trust Com
panies as Trustee" and, in the absence
cf Mr. Gage, who was prevented from
coming to the convention in this city, his
address was read by the secretary of the
trust company section.
Paper of Hon. Lyman J. Gage Is
• Listened to With Interest.
VIEWS ON WEALTH PROBLEM.
A large number of the visiting bankers
and th-:ir friends attended the reception
giver, by the State Board of Trade at
the rooms of that society In the Ferry
LuilJir.? ar:d learned considerable as to
th» resources of the Golden State.
The trust company section of the Bank
ers' Association held Its annual conven
tion at the California Theater yesterday
morrlng. The attendance was not to be
compared with that of previous meetings,
and it was due to the fact that the ma-'
Jcxltjr of the mraibcrs of the section are
'.ccstc-J in the East, and. as was stated
in the neeting by one member, the pres
«r.t condition of Wall street did not war
r~r.t the trust company representatives
crrr.irV 9W0 miles when vital subjects de
rr.and-d their presence on the Atlantic
Oop.st. /
E'^r.-ir. A. Potter, president of the
American Trust and Savings Company
of Chicago, presided In the absence of
\\-t- chairman of the section, John E.
Bourse of New York.
Wh«-n the meeting was called to order
Frcnk J. B> unites, president of the Mer
chants' Association of San Francisco, ex
tended a cordial welcome to the \isltors.
lie dwelt on the history of the Btate and
£an Frxncisco and predicted a great fu
ture for the State and this city.
Edwin A. Potter made the reply and
£ettrmd a glowing address on the re
sources of California as seen by the dele
fa'tts s-ince they crossed the borders of
tr* Gciden State.
The report of the treasurer was then
'presented and it Fhowed that the mem
bership of the section was 501. This was
«n* increase over the previous year oZ
r'xhty-seven members.
The principal address scheduled for the
meeting was to have been delivered by
Hon. Lvman J. Gage, ex-Secretary of the
Treasury, and now president of the Uni
ted States Trust Company of Xew York.
SAN FRANCISCO witnessed the
arrival yesterday of the balance
of the- delegates to the- twenty
ninth annual convention of the
American Bankers' Association,
which begins this xnornln*.
The headquarters of the delegates at
the Palace- and Grand Hotels presented
busy scenes, and the- men who are- prom
[&CSt In the world of finance gathered In
the various rooms and talked of but one
topic— and that was the generous wel
tdme accorded by the- citizens of San
Francisco.
Questions of finance, for the discussion
of wMeh the delegates are supposed to
hav« mainly gathered In this city, were
r.ot prominent yesterday at the head
quarters. Social receptions and sight
seeing occupied the attention of the vis
itors during- the entire day.
Every point of interest in San Francisco
was visited, and while some of the dele
.gates attended the rr.lnor conventions of
the savings bank and trust company sec
tions of the main organization, the ma-
Jorlty of the city's guests devoted their
time to peeing what San Francisco had
to ofTer in the way of pleasure.
Clubs were visited, pleasant little
luncheons were partaken of and the by
ways of the City by the Gojden Gate
were explored. The ladles that form part
of the entourage of the visiting bankers
went to the reception of the Century
CJub In the afternoon and ¦were delight
fully entertained.
BANKS PREPARE
FOR EMERGENCY
THE first session of the annual
convention of the California
Bankers' Association was held in
Stein way Hall yesterday morning.
The seeslon was attended by
bankers from all over California.
Each town's representative addressed
the- assembly' and stated the condition
of shipping: and growing and the general
advances made In his county during the
last year.
Roll was called by A. H. R. Schmidt,
after which reports were made by the
secretary and treasurer, pie president
of the convention, James K. Lynch, of
the First National Bank of San Fran
cisco, made the following address:
un^ tl T' >n 7r Ou ? ra *etlng this year l.i heli
ran nlnv^" 01^ 1 clrcum «»n«'- The Atn^rt-
S? n «*nkers Awoclatlon has honored San
ty-ninth convention in thia city, and the d»le-
Bates to th«. convention are already among u«.
Your president's address may fall short In
toPLFT* 1 *?' bUt the «
demanda that it should at least posse** th#
™' rtt °* *>«vlty. and I will not enlarge <m
th , 1 » subject, but will leave, it In your hanu!
with perfect confidence that It will b« prac
tically put Into effect.
The rood time* have had the usual effect.
In largely increasing the number of banks an-i
*«.». ?J* e a<WIUon * to «»>• capital of som»
of the old-established banks. In most coaej
this has been quite warranted by condition*,
and the new Institutions will no doubt flni
employment for their capita! and receive a
fair return. Where there la no legitimate field
for such enterprise the common result l<i In
doubtful Investments, and In time of trouble
the new member becomes a. source of weak
ness Instead of an addition of strength to the
older banks.
Qur association bag made a fair gain In
membership durinsr the year, but this. has not
kept pace with the Increase of banks an-i
there are still some old-established Institu
tions that should be on our rolls. It Is to be
hoped that the enthusiasm produced by th»
national meeting- will be communicated to otir
own members, and that by our next meeting
we thai] all stand together — for California'.
The 'convention then .adjourned.
Money Topics Are
Features of the
Assembly.
important Papers
Presented to
Delegates.
Trust Companies
Business Under
Discussion.
State Financiers
Hold Annual
Session.
SECTIONS OF AMERICAN BANKERS' ASSOCIATION HOLD MEETINGS
PREVIOUS TO GATHERING OF MAIN ORGANIZATION THIS MORNING
THE SAN FKAiSCJSCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 21., 1903.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE DISEASE
OF CIVILIZATION IS
CONSTIPATION.
THE SAFEST AND QUICKEST
CURE FOR THIS EVIL IS }
NATURE'S LAXATIVE WATER.
NOT AN ARTIFICIAL
PREPARATION.
RELIEF COMES WITH
THE FIRST GLASS.
ALWAYS ASK FOR
HirasfadiJiysas
«FULL NAME.)
IF YOU SIMPLY ASK FOR
HUNYADI WATER YOU MAY
BE IMPOSED UPON.
t^^BBIIHI>B>B9i>i{9L^lB[ISiBiSZlL^BSlS9BD•-> OMETHING of the extent of our interests in
the maintenance of open markets in China is
disclosed by a recent publication of the Bureau
of Statistics of the Department of Commerce* and
Industry. The publication reviews our trade with
China from 1875 down to the close of the last fiscal
year and shows that while the trade is by no means
so extensive as it should be, yet the rate of progress
has been so rapid as to assure an extensive commerce
with China in the immediate future should the "open
door" be maintained.
In a summary of the growth of our trade the bulle
tin of the bureau says: "Taking our figures of com
merce with China the growth in exports to that
country has been from $1,101,383 in 1880 to $2,046,209
in 1890, $15,259,167 in 1900 and $18,603,369 in I903.
The figures prior to 1880 cannot be given in satisfac
tory form because prior to that time gold and silver
were included in the statement of exports to China,
and as the shipments of silver to China were fre
quently large the figures if quoted would be mis
leading so far as relates to commerce in merchandise.
In 1002 the United States occupied fourth place in
the list of countries from which China drew its im
ports. The total from the United States in that year
was 30,138,713 . Haikwan taels; from Great Britain,
57,624,610 Haikwan taels; India, 33,037,439 Haikwan
taels, and from Japan, 35,342,283 Haikwan taels."
A clearer presentation of the development of our
Chinese' trade and fts relation to the whole volume
of imports into that country is given in the following
table:
Exports from
Total Imports United States
Year. into China. to China.
.1S80 .$108,076,000 $1,101,383 '
18S5 111.838.000 6.396,600
1890 ..: 161,789.000 2.946.209
1895 134,610,000 3,603.840
1900 153.770,000 15,259,167
-1901 190.763,000 10.405,834
1902 J98.679.260 24.722.906
1903 18,603,369
It will be seen that^n 1902 China imported nearly
1 $200,000,000 worth of foreign goods, of which amount
[we furnished less than $25,060,000. Thus while our
OUR TRADE WITH CHINA.
If the wily ways of Oregon's legislators find favor
the women of the Webfoot State will wear plumage
in their bonnets only in defiance of the law and
statutes. And the birds of many colors will sing in
glee for a great victory over the new woman and her
dominion. It is high time, perhaps, that the barbari
ties of the. milliner were suppressed.
The "Western Storage and Transfer Com
pany sued for an injunction yesterday re
straining the Fish and Game Commis
sioner from interfering with it In the
transportation of game. In the complaint
it Is alleged . that the Commissioners
threaten to prevent the company from
having in its possession for transporta
tion moro game than the law provides
shall be in the possession of any one per
son. It is claimed that having game for
transportation is' not a violation of the
law. .*._ ;
Claims. Bight to Ship Game.
We become particularly interested in
the ideas of others when we begin calling
them our own. ?/ -:";- "':¦
W. A. Clark is entitled to commission
on the sale of property for Robert Dal
ziel. He sued Dalziel for $1975, and a Jury
in Judge Sloss* court yesterday gave him
a verdict for $1800.
Gives Clark Commission.
As was announced at the beginning, this
exposition will be the largest in area,
broadest in scope and most magnificent in
general plan and working detail of any
that has ever been held. Unlike any of
its predecessors, it will be finished, full
and ready to give tha public a show on
the date set for their coming.
As the time therefor approaches the df
slre for Information In regard to It and
Its various features and attractions be
comes more general and to meet th^s de
mand the Gottschalk Printing Company
of St. Louis has issued a handbook of 136
pages, with fine half-tone illustrations,
prepared by Dr. Charles M. Kurtz, assist
ant chief of the department of art,
Louisiana Purchase Exposition, which is
a master work of Its kind. Thfc first edi
tion of, the handbook was published in
April. The demand for it was so great
that it was soon exhausted, and second,
third and fourth editions followed. A fifth
edition had to come and it leaves noth
ing to be desired in the way of a book of
accurate and practical Information.
It has been largely rewritten, brought
up to latest date and many valuable and
interesting illustrations have been added.
The details and dates of forthcoming ex
position occasions of Importance, Inter
national congresses, conventions, Govern
ment days, State days, Olympian games
and other events of greater or less Inter
est, are given,, as are the details regard-
Ing home and foreign participation, and
the lists of commlssiones, both home and
foreign. All the details are given In re
lation to the exhibits of . the various
States, for which appropriations aggre
gating $7,142,000 have txen made, as well
as those of forty-two foreign Govern
ments, covering appropriations already
made of {6.3S9.000, besides the 11.250,000 spe
cial appropriation by the United States
Government for its own exhibits.
A well arranged index of contents and
an index of illustrations adds to the value
of the handbook and the whole reflects
great credit on the author and the pub
lishers and places the public under, an
obligation to them, such as the. payment
of the price of the book, which will be
on sale at the leading book dealers', will
not cancel.
The universal exposition commemorat
ing the acquisition of the Louisiana Ter
ritory by the United States by purchasa
from France, one hundred years ago will
be ready for exhibitors on December 1
next and will throw open its doors to the
world April 30, 1904.
St. Louis Exposition Handbook.
Another woman, illegally thrown out of the School
Department and submitted to the unwarranted hu
miliation of public dismissal by the Board of Educa
tion, has been reinstated and must be paid $5000 in
salary for the time spent, by her in fighting for hen
rights. The affair is of public interest simply from
the fact that it is of such 'common occurrence that it
will teach the School Board no lesson of fairness to
teachers or justice to taxpayers.
While traveling eastward a few days ago Stuyvesant
Fish, .president of the Illinois Central Railroad, re
ceived just a suggestion of what happens to thou
sands upon thousands of American citizens who go
down to death and disaster in railroad trains. His
train was wrecked but no life was lost. Perhaps his
experience, may prove more eloquent in effecting an
improvement of train service than the petition of all
his patrons.
The Recorder of London, apropos of the gigantic
swindles of Whltaker Wright, has gravely warned
Englishmen of noble blood and high station to be
ware of wicked and designing persons who may seek
to use noble and aristocratic names to further base
ambitions." The Recorder is significantly and elo
quently silent iri reference to plebeian , American
heiresses.
An Oroville miner who recently died left a for
tune with which to purchase headstones for the rest
ing places of, the old seekers of gold that are fast
dying and leaving of themselves only a memory in
California. The old miner's bequest tells eloquently
the story of feeling and fellowship which bound the
argonauts to one another in the olden days of the
West.
. Our British' Columbian friends are sorely aggrieved
because the Alaskan Boundary Commission^ saw ' the
justice of the claims of the United State's and acted in
accordance tothe promptings of justice and fairness.
Let the disgruntled ones take heed, put on sackcloth
and ashes and in true contrition of soul make promise
that in covetousness they will sin no more.
William Jennings Bryan intends shortly to take a
trip to Europe. What a blessing it is UTour Euro
pean friends that Mr. Bryan has a speaking knowledge
of only one language! It is to be' hoped that he will
find profitable, and enjoyable occupation long enough
in Europe to permit of. perhaps a 'permanent change
in cyclonic conditions in Nebraska.'
In his burlesque assault upon the "citadel of
in New York John Alexander Dovvic seems to forget
that .the; vulgarity of a clown is not necessarily an
element; of success in winning souls to religion. The
language of. this self-contained exhorter rivals that of
a Billingsgate fishwoman.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies. 50c a pound, in artistic fire*
etched boxes. A nice present for eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bids'. *
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tii«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main KM2. . •
A. Wolcott, tlie aged musician who was
run over by a truck a week ago last
Thursday at the intersection of Third and
Market streets, died yesterday of his in
juries at his residence, 1175 Bush street.
Dies of His Injuries.
Captains Boles and Bulger, United
States inspectors of steam, vessels, have
recommended that ferry steamers b» pro
vided with two whistles Instead of one.
as at present. One of the whistles will be
placed in front of the smokestack and
the other behind it on the double ender
boats as an additional precaution against
collisions In fogs. The steamboat peo
ple have agreed to comply with the sug
gestion.
To Avoid Collisions.
Owing to^ numerous requests received
by Carlton C. Crane, Pacific Coast agent
of the Sew York Central lines, for the
privilege of inspecting the New York Cen
tral Bankers' Special train, it has been
arranged with Mr. M. C. Roach, general
Eastern passenger agent. New York Cen
tral and Hudson River Railroad, in charge
of this train de luxe, to place same on
exhibition at Oakland pier on Thursday,
October 22. from 12 noon to 2 p. m. The
public is cordially Invited.
All Are Welcome.
At the regular quarterly meeting of the
Chamber of Commerce held yesterday the
reports of the secretary and the treasurer
showed that the organization was enjoy
ing unprecedented prosperity. The mem
bership and cash balance have increased
greatly within the last two months. A
letter was received from A. L* Parker &
Co. of Boston inquiring as to the feas
ibility of building a 100-ton tube works in
San Francisco. The factory would em
ploy about 100O hands.
Chamber of Commerce Prospers.
United States Court Commissioner
Heacock yesterday discharged from cus
tody D. N. Bartholdi of Jerome, Arizona,
who was arrested by United States Se
cret Service Agent Hazen on a charge of
conspiring to have counterfeit currency
manufactured.
Bartholdi made overtures to several en
gravers in this city to engrave the fac
simile of an Austrian 50-crown bank note
in the center of a certificated mining
stock. As no confederate could be found
Judge Heacock said that the prisoner
could not be held on the conspiracy
charge, and that while the court was con
vinced that Bartholdi had attempted to
have the counterfeit notes made he could
not be held, because Congress had failed
to enact a law prohibiting and punishing
attempts to counterfeit money.
Bert Schlesinger argued the case on
ber-alf of the prisoner.
Bartholdi of Arizona Escapes Because
Congress Has Failed to Enact
Necessary Legislation.
THERE was a chance for much friction be
tween the United States and the Dominion of
Canada over the Alaskan boundary. The
(^ULstion was undoubtedly somewhat clouded by the
uct that the original boundary convention between
Kussia and Great Britain was made at a time when
but little value was known in Alaska beyond the furs
yielded by its wild animals. A few square miles
more or less made but Little difFerence, and there was
some uncertainty of metes and bounds. This was
helped on by the lack of knowledge of the geography
of the country, and ignorance of the latitude and
longitude.
When the uncertainty of the boundaries of Loui
siana territcry was suggested to Bonaparte he said:
"If there were no uncertainties it would be necessary
to create some." Out of the uncertainty of the in
clusion of Texas in the treaty of *^5an Ildefonso
finally came our war with Mexico, in which we settled
far more than the Louisiana boundary. In that epi
sode we had before us, as had Great Britain, the
malign possibilities of a boundary dispute. We went
near to war with her over the Oregon boundary, and
avoided it only by the wisdom of Polk, who foresaw
the struggle with Mexico and clearly comprehended
the impolicy of making England her ally by a threat
ening policy on the northern border.
There be those who assail the statesmanship of
Polk by pointing out that if he had stood on "54
degrees 40 minutes or fight" we would have now the
whole west coast. But that is like all after thoughts.
It ?s undeniable that by dropping the Oregon line to
49 degrees he removed all uncertainty from the result
of the Mexican war and gave us an accession of ter
ritory hardly less effective in its influence upon our
rational life than the acquisition of Louisiana..
The contention of the Dominion of Canada in re
gard to the Alaskan boundary was pushed to an un
warrantable extreme by Sir Wilfrid Laurier, the
Canadian Premier. His position and his backing by
the French party enabled him to raise the expectation
Of his people up to the level of his extraordinary
claims. Wbtn the High Commission first attempted
to settle the boundary his position made an accom
modation impossible. Inspired by him, attacks upon
the United States were made in the Dominion Par
liament, and a condition of great heat was developed
in Canada, and continued in spite of the efforts of
conservatives like John Charlton to induce a more
reasonable view. The discovery of gold, coal and
ether resources in Alaska, far in excess of its origi
nal value as a fur country, and the consequent im
portance given to its commerce and to its eligible
harbors, lifted the matter far above the views that
were held when the Russian delimitation was made.
The High Commission having failed to adjust the
differences, and Sir Wilfrid Laurier remaining obdu
rate, international conference was resorted to, with
Lord Alverstone, Chief Justice of Great Britain, as
virtual umpire. It was a solemn conference, because
in ill boundary disputes there is tha germ of armed
conflict. Canada sent her ablest men to sustain her
contention, and the United States met them with
equal ability. But a great Englishman sat as umpire.
Upon him was the great pressure of imperial inter
ests. Canada, an important part of the empire, was
determined, and perhaps the question of her future
loyalty was involved. The hazy uncertainty of the
whole issue gave a margin within which, without in
curring criticism, Lord Alverstone could lean to the
side of imperial prestige. This element in the ar
l:itration gave it the great uncertainty which adds
rest to the consideration of large matters.
Lord Alverstone's conduct of the hearing was ir
reproachable. He showed a keen knowledge of the
legal and physical features that were in debate, and at
every point was the essence of fairness and impar
tiality. At the close he concurred with the Ameri
can arbitrators and gave us a judgment which wins
for the United States every one of our substantial
and important contentions. While it is human na
ture, perhaps, that the Canadian members of the court
not only refused their signatures to the findings but
even left the court in dudgeon before the decree was
signed, yet it would have been better to have pre
pared their minority judgment and filed it as a digni
fied expression of their dissent.
The action of Lord Alverstone rises to a moral
height that will greatly impress this country and pro
foundly and favorably affect the sentiment of our
people. It gives an encouragement to all courts in
the civilized world, and renews the confidence of
mankind in the survival to our day of the highest
principles of justice.
THE ALASKA BOUNDARY
NO LAW TO PUNISH
ATTEMPTS TO COUNTERFEIT
Mrs. Knauer, who ,is accused by the
relatives of her late husband of being an
adventuress, was present In court. She
said she resided in Elmhurst. and had
no Intention of going beyond the Juris
diction of the court, as has been alleged.
Although Knauer's will provided that his
widow should serve as executrix without
bonds, she will bo required by the court
to furnish sureties, however. The amount
will be fixed next Friday.
The order suspending Marie Knauer as
executrix of .the estate of her husband,
Ferdinand Knauer, was revoked by
Judge Troutt yesterday on motion of At
torney E. S. Plllsbury, who has been re
tained by Mrs. Knauer. Pillsbury made
the motion on the ground that the affi
davit on which the order was issued,
which was filed by the contestants of
Knauer's will, was based on hearsay.
It Was Made Was In
sufficient.
Court Holds That Affidavit on Which
ORDER SUSPENDING
EXECUTRIX REVOKED
Thomas D. McKay, agent for the
American steamship lines In the Orient,
returned yesterday from a flying trip to
New York and is staying' at the Palace,
awaiting the departure of the next steam
er for Yokohama.
Gustav Kunst, a retired millionaire
merchant, who owns large Interests in
Siberia. Germany, Hawaii and the Sa
moan Islands, arrived in this city from
Hamburg yesterday . with a party of
friends and is registered at the Palace.
W. D. Farls. a retired merchant of
New York, accompanied by his wife and
a party of nine ladies, arrived at the Pal
ace last evening, en route around the
world. One of the lady members of the
party. Mrs. M. A. Crossley, has made
twenty-two trips around the world.
Attorney J. C. Campbell, who has been
absent In tue East on legal business dur
ing the last few weeks, returned to San
Francisco yesterday evening.
Captain John Cross of Los Angeles,
who is promoting a project for the con
struction of a number of electric lines in
Northern California, is at the Palace.
Judge S. Solon Holl of Sacramento Is at
the Palace.
Dr. Paul Sellgrnan of Germany is at
the Palace.
Bank Commissioner Silver of Los An
geles is registered at the Palace.
I" "W. H. Holablrd, a prominent business
' man of Los Angeles, is at the Palace:
W. S. WcCornlck, the well known bank
er and mining man of Salt Lake, is at
the Palace.
; Banker O. McHenry of Modesto is at
r tending the local convention and is regia
' tered at the Occidental.
PERSONAL MENTION.
The awakening of California municipalities is not'
confined to the communities mentioned by the
Union. Indeed, it is not feasible to make a list,
of them all with allusion to their various moves.
Space docs not permit. It is noticeable that the idea
of concerted action is dominant in interior and coast
cities alike. Tulare has just celebrated the success
achieved by a "pull all together" to free itself from
the incubus of bonds £hat has so long weighed it
down.
Placcrville. in El Dorado County, the land where
California gold was originally discovered, is stirring
to organize a board of trade. "Providence and the
outside world," so remarks the El Dorado Republi
can, "generally assist those who first succeed in help
ing themselves. It will not do much good to expa
tiate on the values of local investments unless we do
something ourselves to develop the opportunities."
The Republican believes a board of trade is needed to
have the advantages of El Dorado County become
better known.
Descending from the mountains and going down
to the coast the observer finds the people of Santa
Cm* to be of the same mind. The Board of Trade
of Santa Cruz, declares the Sentinel, "has been re
juvenated, and this brings joy. to the members." No
election had been held. for. officers since (i8oi until
recently. At the first meeting a committee was ap-.
pointed to prepare literature with reference to the
city .and also the county of Santa Cruz. The Santa
Cruz Board of Trade resumes activity with a mem
bership of 135 leading citizens. The ranks will be
recruited and the effect will be good.
The Ontario Record tells of the efforts to give On
tario a chamber of commerce. Five men secured
thirty new applicants within forty-eight hours. The
Ontario Record favors giving the chamber of com
merce a plan of organization similar to that of the
Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce, which has been
a potent factor in acquainting the world with South
ern California.
Pasadena, having created a system of finely im
proved and beautiful streets, is devoting its resources
to providing a sewer system. Los Angeles is to ex
pend a sum relatively as large as that voted by the
people of San Francisco. San Jose, .Santa Rosa and
Fresno are noted by the Union as being included in
the march of progress.
"There ought to be a suggestion in these several
movements, for Sacramento," says the Union. "No
city in California stands in greater need of municipal
development than our own and none is better able
to meet the cost. Interest rates are low. Every dol
lar for a reasonable bonding scheme could be, easily
provided at home. The time is ripe in every way for
action that would put this city on its feet in a new
and good fashion and establish conditions which
have been the dream of every Sacramentan of pro
gressive spirit since time out of mind."
THE intention of California cities and towns to
better their material conditions has never been
more- 1 marked than it is now. This fact fur
nishes a text for the Sacrarnento' Union. Thomas
Rickard's plans for the development of Berkeley, the
university city, on a liberal scale, are cited. San Fran
cisco is declared to have led the way with its deter
mination to authorize the issue of bonds for va
rious improvements to cost $17,000,000 in round fig
ures. . • ¦¦'.'¦' >\''^v!v.-^i;
AWAKENING OP CALIFORNIA.
WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 21, 1903
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. '%
Adrfrcri A3 Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, n «S^
».sk for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
leu With the Department You Wish.
rCBLlC4TlOJf OFFICE... Market and Third, S. V.
UUITOU1AL. ROOMS 217 to 221 Sterenson St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per W eek, 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
. Tertt» fcr Mall. Iadufllnr Poetare fCa«b With Order) r
CAIX.T CALL Cn«lufiln» Sunday), on* year * 8 :2?
V A1I-T CALL (Including- Sunday). 6 month* **>°
DAILT CALL— By Elr.Rl* Month 73e
f CNOAT CALL. On* Tew ••*»"
«VEEKJ-T CALX. On* Tear 1>o °
f D«l!y... *SJiO Per Tear Extra
rOBEIGN POSTAGE < Enn<!»y.. 4.15 P*r Tear Extra
t Weekly.. 1.00 Per Tear Extra
All postmaster* «re unthorUed to r*eelT»
subscriptions.
lunplt eepiea will be forwarded when requested.
• Mali »«b»crlber» to erCerlnK chant* of addrw* »taould be
partteular to Hve both NEW .CCD OLD ADDRESS in order
u> Iniur* & prompt and correct compllt&oe with their request.
OAKLAND OI'FICE.
fll» Broadway Telephone Mtln 1OS3
DERKnLEV* OFFICE.
C1«S Center Street Telephone Kortn 77.
WASHINGTON COHRESPONDENT:
WOKTOX IS. CRAMS 14O« G Street. H. W.
NEW TORX NKWB STANDS: '
WaMorf-Avtorta Hotel: A. BrentaBO. 31 Colon Square:
Wcj-rty Hill Hptel: «ftl»-avenue Hotel and Hoffman Hens*.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
rtfnr.tn Hcuee; P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel;
"TemoBt Kouce; Auditorium Hotel: Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE :
C. GEORGE KROGXESS. . . .Marqoette Bnlldlns;
iLorr DUtanc« Telephone. ••Central 2C19.")
BRAJICII OFFICES— E27 Montgomery, comer cf Clay, opes
CStU 1:30 o'clock. 800 Hayes. op*n until 8:30 o'clock. CSS
UcAUUUr. open until 0:30 o'clock. 613 Larkln. open until
•t:R> o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 1 2281 j
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until V o'clock. 1098 Va-
ItBdt, epen ustll 8 o'clock. 104 Eleventh, open until S
c'dock. NE. corner Church and Duncan streets, open
catll t o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky.
ep»» ur.t'.l W o'clock. SgQO Flllmore. open until 9 o'clock.
xt £ — - ¦ apgss
ISO one may say now with justice that American
methods are not proof against the world, even if the
Ingenuity of the nations be made in conspiracy
against us. Even in Russia, the last fortress to hold
out against the assault of novelty and invention, they
have had a taste of railway train robbery that com
pares very favorably with the best we can do./
Following the morning session luncheon
was served by. the ladles of the church
in the Sunday school room, which was
decorated for the occasion.
. The afternoon session of the convoca
tion was opened bv' an address by the
Rev. N. B. W. Gallwey., The general
sVfbject of the Rev. Mr. Gallwev's ad
dress was, "Are ' We Ready for Church
Expansion in the City?" and In the course
of his remarks told df the great amount
of money that has' been spent in this city
during the last twelve years on the
building and repairing of churches. Dr.
Gallwey strongly maintained that bene
fits and subscriptions for missions should
be thought of after completion of work
to be done on home churches.
Other addresses of the afternoon were
made by the Right Rev. W. F. Nichols,
D. D.: George E.- Butler and the Rev. B.
M. Weeden of St. Luke's Church.
. Several small business matters were dis
cussed, when the session adjourned.
The evening session of the convocation
was held in the church proper and the
evening prayer was sung the united
choirs of San Francisco, followed by an
address by the bishop of the diocese.
The address was both' eloquent and stir
ring and dealt on the necessity of Chris
tians shouldering the responsibility placed
upon them by civilization. Among other
things the speaker said:
"Taking into consideration all that civ
ilization stands for at Its best— order, lib
erty, Justice, humanity and all that it
has to off er— there , can be no hesitation
about saying that at its very best civil
ization leaves an aching heart without
religion." .
The fall convocation of the San Fran
cisco district of the Episcopal church was
held in the library of Trinity Churcli
yesterday and last night and was at
tended by a 'large number of laymen,
clergymen and members of the church.
The convopation sermon was preached
by the Rev. Charles Gardner of StaiT
ford University, who chose for tha sub
ject or lijs text "Civilization and Relig
ion."
The board has prepared a resolution
which will be adopted at its next meet
ing: ordering the obstructions on Lyon
street to be removed and also serving no
tices on the Presidio and Ferries Rail
road Company > and R. Hermann to re
move their objectionable structures with
in ten days.
The Board of Supervisors has already
purchased the Miranda grant for $6500, so
Lyon street may be extended and It Is
now the duty of the Board of Works to
proceed with the work. . •
The location of the obstructions has
been determined by survey by City Engin
eer Grunsky. In making the survey the
monuments placed by the War Depart
ment along the easterly line of the Pre
sidio reservation as fenced have been
taken as defining the westerly line* of
Lyon street. This line deflects easterly
from the course of the section of Lyon
street south of Pacific avenue. The de
flected line was held to be correct by the
Supreme Court.
There Is eome question as to whether the
two small storage sheds to the northward
of Lewis street are not on land that has
never been dedicated to public use as a
street. The City Engineer says In a re
cent report that they may stand on land
sold as "salt marsh and tide land" by the
State of California. .
The principal obstructions, the removal
of which will be ordered by the Board of
Works, are on Lewis and Tonquin streets
at points where Lyon street would Inter
sect. These are principally, an abandoned
car shed owned by the Union-street road
and part of inclosed property known as
Harbor View baths and in possession of
R. Hermann.
Cornmisls'oner Casey of the Board of
Public Works and Deputy J. B. Gartland
made a visit of Inspection yesterday to
the northern end of Lyon street, prelim
inary to the beginning of proceedings to
open the thoroughfare and to cause tho
removal of obstructions thereon.'
From all that can be learned Plllsbury
had no troubles other than those men
tioned. He had but recently entered upon
the duties of Yosemite Valley agent of
the Santa Fe Company and waa filling the
billet in a most satisfactory manner to
the railroad officials. He was well liked
by his associates in the office, one of
whom was his roommate at the Russ.
To the latter he gave not the slightest
intimation of his intended departure from
the city. "Without even collecting the two
months' salary that was coming to him.
Plllsbury quietly left the company's of
fice one Friday afternoon. The last seen
of him was the Sunday following, when
a friend greeted him at the ferry. He
then had bis telescope bag with him, and
presumably was embarking on the new
life he had so often referred to.
Tte- officials of the Santa Fe hav*
abandoned their search for Frank Pins
bury. Yosemite Valiey agent for the corn
ipany. who disappeared rather mysterious
ly about two weeks ago. It was at first
thought that the young roan had wan
dered off while his mind wag temporarily
unbalanced, or that he had met with some
mishap. Facts have since developed that
plainly suggest that Pill3bury planned hi«
departure from the city. A careful Inves
tigation of his trunk, left In his room at
the Russ House, shows that he removed
from It underwear, a khaki suit, a shav
ing outfit and other necessities. These he
packed in a telescope basket, purchased
before his departure. He was seen at
the ferry, buying a ticket for Oak
land, two days after he disappeared from
the company's office. He had been talk
ing a great deal about locating timber
land and leading a secluded life and the
opinion now prevails at the Santa Fe of
fice that he has bone into the interior for
the purpose of carrying out this plan.
The suspicion of the former associates
of Plllsbury in the Santa Fe office Is
shared by 'the friends of the young man
along the street. To the latter he had
often remarked, since the death of his
wife and child about a year ago. that he
would prefer to enter upon the life of a
recluse than to continue on in what he
was pleased to term the "ever monoton
ous drudge of wage-earning." It was ap
parent that the loss of his wife and child
had made him discontented with life as It
is experienced In the large cities and he
longed to escape It and live closer to na
ture In the forests.
MR. LANE is an amiable and able candidate,
but we fear that his zeal sometimes goes
down the backstretch ahead of his discretion.
The spicing of his meetings with red pepper,' which
he charges to Mayor Schmitz, may be responsible
for some of the lurid visions he sees and so faith
fully describes to his audiences. We desire to do him
the justice of saying that we think the city would
survive his administration as Mayor if he could be
elected, and so it would that of either of his oppo
nents, even if they are bad as his -forebodings paint
them. Neither of the candidates is a buccaneer, but
this is a Republican city, and Republicans naturally
desire to be responsible for its government, and they
will resent being told that they, the majority, are un
fit for that responsibility.
Mr. Lane has recently introduced his entire and ex
cellent family into the campaign, finding that neces
sary to prove that he does not belong to the Bohe
mian Club. We i\eed not look far among our ac
quaintances lo find some who belong to the Bohe
mian Club who are not suspected of sinister de
signs upon the public treasury and who also have
families that they love and care for. Mr. Lane set» (
up men of straw who denounce him for belonging
to clubs in which he has no membership in order
that he may exalt his domestic virtues. Now we
know he has those virtues, but he has no monopoly
of them in this city, as we beg to assure him! He
and his partisans have made it lively for Mayor
Schmitz by pointing to the money that is being
spent in his campaign. Schmitz is a trifle sumptuous
in the banner line. But as he also claims that he is
the only man who can save the imperiled city, surely
from his standpoint no expense is too great if. in
curred in saving the city from Lane.
When two men run for the same offic«, with the
same conception of their importance and the same
views about municipal salvation, both money and
fur are apt to fly. But Mr. Lane has Christopher
Columbussed a discovery- In a speech in which he
pointed to the vast sums which his fancy sees being
spent like water in the campaign to beat him, he
suggested their derivation by declaring that the
Mayor can easily make $500,000 a year out of this
city by judicious assessment of the red light district
and the saloons.
Like Robert, Lord Give, in his robbery of the
Begums, Mr. Lane should wonder at his modera
tion. Does he not know that the Mayor could make
one hundred millions by robbing the Mint, the sub
treasury and the banks? .Why arrest the flight of his
dirigible balloon of oratory at a paltry half-million
when there is so much more in sight and in just as
much danger from the Mayor? Why imagine peanuts
under such circumstances? Doesn't he know that
the Mayor could dynamite The Call building and
take a torch in his red right and official hand and
burn the whole town? The kind of Mayor 'he fears
may be elected could- easily leave only Russian.
Rincon and Telegraph hills standing above the
charred remains of the city.' When Mr. Lane does
his political thinking and pj-opels his ambition on
the push cart of his imagination, why doesn't he make
a clean job of it?
He should remember that the Bankers' Associa
tion is in town, and not impress our visitors too
strongly with our impending doom. He knows the
classics and is aware that there were kings before
Agamemnon, and there arc people here who insist
upon believing tlfat there were honest men before
Lane and that there will be some left after he quits
seeking office.
One noticeable element in his canvass is his re
peated declaration that we should not have a business
man for Mayor! His own party as it used to be
eleeted Washington Bartlett Mayor, a business man,
and succeeded him with another, Mr. E. B. Bond.
They were nothing but business men, and though
their party was then in the grip of a most offensive
boss system* they gave to the city a high order of
administration because they were business men and
not politicians.
The Republican party has no boss here and no boss
system, and has nominated a . . business man for
Mayor and intends to use its majority to elect him,
just to show its mettle and to prove its devotion to
the interests of San Francisco. Mr. Lane should not
out-Jeremiah Jeremiah, for already the opinion, is
abroad that he doth protest too much.
CHRISTOPHER COLUMBUS LANE.
WORKS BOARD
PLANS OPENING
OF LYON STREET
EPISCOPALIAN
CONVOCATION
ATTRINITY
GRIEF MAKES
A RECLUSE OF
PILLSBURY
progress in recentyears. has been good we are still
far .short of our fair share.of China's trade. We have
therefore a very important interest in the Chinese
question and cannot 'watch the advance of Russia to
ward-the attainment of a complete supremacy in
Eastern v Asia with the indifference of an uninterested
spectator; ,
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL; WEDNESDAY^ OCTOBER 21, 1903.
£ £ O"f HUNDRED yards distant rusty masses of ironstone preceded
f I an undulation in the flat country, and toward the base of one
I tall block Lord Winstone descried an object which made him
JL rub his eyes with frank amazement.
"Near the foot oPthe rock, his back against it, and shadowed entirely
from the' sun's light by a natural grotto in the stone, sat an enormous
man or ape. Its stature was colossal, though smaller by far than
the natives of Mapora had described; its naked body was bright ercen;
its hands were folded over its breast; its misshaped head was bent for
ward, and wild, snaky hair, also of vivid green, fell luxuriantly around it,
while pressed upon its crown was a wreath of flowers.
"In the midst of this stranee kingdom, silent, motionless and alone,
with uncouth face and distorted limbs, reigned this huge green monster
in mortal shape.
"Lord Winstone got out his field glasses, without which he never
hunted, and trained them on the grotto. He r'ired awhile, and then his
breath left his lungs in a gasp of surprise, as he returned the glasses to
their case and pushed forward."
Without doubt the reader will gasp with equal amazement and no less
curiosity that such strange things can exist even in the Africa of to-dav.
but Eden Philpotts knows absolutely whereof he speaks when he made
the great Elephant Spirit of the Dark Continent one of the bic features
of his new novel. "The Golden Fetich," now running in the Sunday Call,
the second installment of which will be published next Sunday. It gives
you Africa as it really is now and as it has not been shown since the
wonderful explorations of the ereat Stanley.
But unbelievable as the foregoing extract may seem, stranger things
are being found right here at home. Look in the next Sunday Call for
"Fitch's Mine of Mystery." It tells of the discovery under the very
feet of civilization in California, only a few months ago. of a m:ne of
fire that has utterly baffled the best scientists in the world. Chunks of
this wonderful mineral that has a flame which cannot be destroyed have
been taken from Fitch's mine, ground into powder, assayed bv every
known process, tested by every possible standard, and still it remains a
mystery— and still it clows on with undiminished brightness. It cannot
be destroyed and it cannot be extinguished. Wonderful as is the newlv
discovered radium, of which there is less than one pound in the whole
world and which costs a fabulous sum for a single ounce. Fitch s new
mineral is even more astounding and by far more puzzling. And to
think that the earth in California is just full of it. but— read next Sun
day's Call. '
There you will find other absorbing things. A Daughter of the
Aurora," by Jack London: the big two-page railroad story bv Frank
H Spearman. "The Dispatcher's Story"; a full page of "Half-Hour
Storiettes"; "The Unsolved Mystery of the Tinian Monoliths." by Cap
tain H. F.' Tower, which is something that Uncle Sam has recently ac
quired along with a whole sea of queer islands: '* Emigration the Negro's
Only Salvation.", by Bishop H. M. Turner; a full page of "Gems from the
Photographer's Exhibit." to be held next week at the Mechanics* Pavil
ion. (You'll watch for those pictures.) "The Picture Coat." which \%
something so new. that no woman who cares a pin how she looks (and
what woman doesn't?) will even dream of missing the next Sunday Call.
The Weird Elephant Spirit.
8
Bears the /Ttif S/tf/> t 7"
Signature of CJuk^JrJ&ic&id
The Kind You Kavs Always Bought
Fori Infants and Children.
CASTORIA
The more it becomes known the better
it Is liked. ¦ One bottle sells two, and
those two sell four. Newbro's Herpicide
is what 'we are talking about. It cleans
the scalp of all dandruff, and •destroying
the cause, a little germ or. parasite, pre-
vents the return of dandruff. As a hair
dressing It is delightful; It ought- to be
lound on every toilet table. It stops fall-
ing hair and prevents baldness. • It should
be , used occasionally as a preventive [ to
protect the scalp from* a new- invasion of
the dandruff v microbe. Sold by leading
druggists. Send 10c in stamps for sample
to The Herpicide Co., Detroit, Mich.
The More People Know Newbro's
Herpicide the Better They Like It.
GROWING IN POPULARITY.
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTSLThe fairy of the household— a gas range
—saves so many steps and so much work
that every home should haver one. We
sell them. S. F. Gas & Electric Co., 415
Mr. Pugh says also that a man in Ala
bama captured a.nd killed a "heredic"
and that he was' 1 arrested on complaint
of another man, who claimed to' own the
yearling. The case became so noted that
it was actually carried to the State; Su
preme Court, where it was decided that
according to common acceptance'a "here- :
dic" was not property, ; and tho . plaintiff
was ; not entitled to' recover damages.—
New York Commercial.
The venerable former United States
Senator James L Pugh, who haa made
his home In Washington since his retire
ment, says that he came near being called
to a personal account and having: to fight
because In Alabama years ago during a
campaign he called a Democratic bolter
a "heredic." That Is quite a common
word In many portions of the South. Mr.
Pugh does not exactly know how It orig
inated, but it is applied to yearling cattle
that have not been branded or marked
by their owners. A strange thing Is that
such beasts are looked upon by the other
cattle as aliens, and they will not permit
them to enter the pens for food during
the winter months, but bite them savagely
if they try to. He thinks that possibly
the word was corrupted by negroes who
had heard of "heretics" in the religious
sense. The alien cattle on account of ex
posure have long hair and are such un
kept creatures that perhaps some of the
darkeys may have primarily called them
"hairy Dicks," and later the word got
to' be- "heredic."
What a "Heredic" Is.
An unusual amount of Interest was cen
tered In this meeting because the dele
gates from this district to the Democratic
nominating convention were pledged for
D. I. Mahoney for Mayor and durirlg the
deliberations of the convention they de
termined that the best interests of the
party In the city would be best subserved
by uniting as a party for the earnest sup
port of Mr. Lane as Mayor.
The large attendance last night' was
taken ejs a testimonial that the Democrat
ic voters approve of the action of the
delegates to the convention.
William Hoff Cook acted as chairman
of the meeting. Others who spoke were
Edward Godchaux. John Connor, H. U.
Brandcnstein and Harry Wilbur.
• Last night Franklin K. Lane addressed
a- large audience of voters of the Thirty
ninth Assembly District at Richmond Hall
corner of Fourth avenue and Clement
street. His remarks were received with
favor and he was frequently Interrupted
with applause. He made a great hit with
his audience when he referred to the
names of the president of the United
States, and he paid a high tribute to
President Roo3evelt when he stated that
he so respected the honesty and Integrity
of the chief executive of the nation that
he would be willing to leave the selection
of the Mayor of San Francisco to ' the
President to act as arbitrator in the pres
ent Issue. . t '
ULNE SPEAKS AT BICHMOND.
Willing to Settle the Contest by Ar
bitration.
Washington— Handel E. Owen and A J
Shaw. Fpckar.e, nut and bolt lock; Stewart K.
Smith. Rorelyn. loading cars; Charles E. Stone
Port Towasend. artificial leg.
Oregon — John W. Kearn (decea»ed) — 8. M
Kern. Portland, administratrix, range finder;
John' H. Miller. Dora, hopple for cows; Sam
uel M. Phllbrtck and L. C. Coulter, Portland
bag turning machine; Smiley Purvlne. Salem
farm gate; Leroy Spencer, Island City, har
vester; Earl B. Stoner. Astoria, gas Jet holder
attachment for lamps of locomotive head
lights.
Navy Orders — Pay Inspector H. G. Colby (re
tired) will be detached from the navy pay of
fice, San Francisco. January 1, 1904. Pay In
spector J. S. Carpenter goes from this city
to the New York, December 31, 1903, as fleet
paymaster of the Pacific squadron.
The following patents were Issued to-day —
California: NelBon F. Anderson and E. Beb
ler. Los Angeles, device for attaching insula
tors to their supports; Jay A. Ashley, Yuba
City, step ladder; John W. Barnes, San Fran
cisco, mowing machine; Daniel Best, San Lean
dro. sMe hill- harvesting machine; 'same,
wheel; James \V. Brown, Los Angeles, comb
frame for bee hives: Henry Craigle, assignor
oi.e-half to J. W. Roach. San Francisco, den
tal dam; Willis G. Dodd, Pan Francisco,
crushing rolls: Richard K. Hohmann and A.
Rotenfeld. San Diego, watch holder: Thoma*
J. Hubbell. assignor 2-11 to H. C. Norrls and
C. E. Norton. Los Angeles, reversible plow;
same, sulky beet root cutter: Herbert Lang.
Oakland, hot blast stove; Walter C. Matteson,
Stockton, lock washer; Robin S. Oiler, Los
Angeles, casing cr drive pipe, screwer for well
rigs; Alfred E. Palmer, San Francisco, as
signor to H. B. Lamar. Oakland, and M. E.
Rafael, San Francisco, apparatus for printing
en roll paper; Clarence L. Parker, Los An
geles, pump; Charles Rayburn. Lindsay, ap
paratus for sorting and distributing fruit: Wil
liam B. Ryder and C. L. Reynolds, Redding,
tooth brush: Emile Schutz. San Francisco, con
centrator: John R. Supple, Oakland, row locks;
Horace H. Taylor. Pan Jose.» assignor one-halt
to F. J. Mayhew, S?n Francisco, reflector for
head of search lights: Henry R. Thomas, San
Francisco, projectile*: Jesse W. Tlnch, Los
Angeles, collar button or hook; Theodore F,
White, Chlno. oil distributing apparatus -
George E. Witt, San Francisco, oil burner.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 20.— Fourth class post
masters appointed — California: Nancy J.
WHIburn, Caution. Trinity County, vice Anna
Willburn, resigned; Taylor B. Friend, La Cos
ta. San Diego County, vice Carrie M. Ladd.
resigned. Oregon: Hays W. Mathlson, Cleone,
Multnorsah County, vice Robert G. Hooper,
resigned.
By order of the Postmaster General, Station
No. 19 of the San Francisco poatoffice will be
discontinued November 2.
Several Changes Are Made in the
Postal Service and More
Patents Issued.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Among those who also spoke at Maen
r.erbund Hall were: Thomas Eagan. Dr.
J. F. DiHon. Frank Conklln. Harry A.
Knox. Edward Kent, Frank Jewell. E.
J. Deever. Walter J. Holman. Fred W.
Meyers. C. Frederick, M. L. Farland, J.
J. Conolly, T. F. Finn and George Ben
ham.
The Mayor next addressed a meeting
at Franklin Hall, on Fillmore street, near
Bush. His speech was the same as the
one previously delivered at Steimke Hall.
The last and most enthusiastic meet-
Ing of the evening was held In Maen
rerbtmd Hal!, corner of Twenty-fourth
street and Potrero avenue. Schmitz's
voice was hoarse and he contented him
self with saying a few words along his
chosen lines.
I have risen from the ranks of the plain
people and I am still willing to serve them as
their obedient servant. I believe the people
of San Francisco know what is right, and will
do what is right on the 3d of November. If
elected I will do' everything in my power to
build up a bigger, greater city than we now
have, and make her not only the queen of
the Pacific, but one of the finest cities in the
United States.
The fight is between myself end Crocker.
Lane has not a possible chance, and is not to
be considered in the fight, except that he will
try to take as many votes away from the
Labor party as he can. and thus help Crocker.
Two years ago I was practically an un
known man. I made pledges to the people
and they elected me. I have carried out these
pledees as far as was In my power. I have
worked for the whole people and not for any
one class. I care not for having my name In
th* headlines of the newspapers. The only
thing that I want is to have It written in the
hearts of the people. Do not listen or pay
any attention to the lying newspapers and the
lying circulars that are being distributed.
The city Is In the heart of a prosperity un
heard of before. It Is not good business to
change this system, when things are running
along so smoothly. Le't the city prosper as
it has done; let the government be for all
and not for any one c!a«s.
working men are gt. j f>i Independent, and
that the only way which they can down
them in by defeating me. They ere doing the
very thing by this action that they claimed
we w?re doing two years ago — dividing the
voters into classes and pitting them against
one another.
jIENLO PARK. Oct. 2O.-The fall exhi
bition of the Menlo Park Horticultural
Society will open here next Friday in
Triumph Hall, and it promises to be a
most succensful affair. Among those who
will exhibit the choicest products of their
gardens and hothouses are \V. H. Crock
er. George A. Pope, the Charles Crocker
estate. J. Henry Meyers, C. W. Smith. S.
E. Slade, J. B. Coryell, Timothy Hop
kins. M. Lynch. H. M. Holbrook, the
Charles Goodall estate, E. W. Hopkins,
Sidney Clack. George A. Batchelder,
Perry Eyre, E. L. Eyre, J. J. Moore, N.
T.#Butten and F. P. Mrulton. Valuable
prizes are offered for the best collections
of decorative plants, ferns, mums, be
gonias, tuberous begonias, garden flowers
(from cottages), cut flowers (from under
glass), carnations, dahlias and cannas.
The exhibition will close Saturday, and
It is expected that hundreds of visitors
from San Francisco will attend and en-
Joy the magnificent display of the floral
wealth of Mcnlo Park.
Officers of Horticultural Society Com
plete Arrangements for Their
Fall Exhibition.
WILL EXHIBIT FLORAX.
WEALTH OF MENLO PABK
LONDON, Oct. 20.— A special dis
patch from Rome says Premier
Zanardelll telegraphed to King
Victor Emmanuel to-day the res
ignation of the entire Cabinet.
Who will be called upon to form the new
Cabinet is not announced.
• m «
King Victor Emmanuel Hears
News Through Premier
Zmardelli.
In wounds of the heart itself the es
cape of blood is never in large quantities
and the lethal consequences are due to the
fact that the escape of blood from within
Its cavity (or cavities) Into the surround
ing sac of the pericardium mechanically
interrupts the alternate contraction and
expansion by which its pumping action 13
maintained. * Accordingly the results of
wounds of the heart are usually identical
with those of gradual suffocation. This
fact was strikingly demonstrated in the
case of the Empress of Austria. And the
diabolic skill and precision with which the
wound was inflicted in her case offer a
diagrammatic illustration of a necessarily
fatal wound of the heart. The Instrument
used was too large to form a mere "needle
puncture"; it was inflicted too high in
the chest to be "non-penetrating," for it
was aimed with truly fiendish ingenuity
at the position of one of the thin-walled
of the four cavities of the heart and the
directness of the penetration, combined
with the thinness of the wall of the cav
ity, rendered it physically impossible that
the wouril could be "valvular." The
Israelite warrior of old smote the enemy
—when possible— "beneath the fifth rib,"
because the Impulse of the heart is .felt
there. But he probably did not know
that it Is in that precise position that a
wound of the' heart is least necessarily
fatal. The Italian assassin of recent date
displays Incomparably greater skill and
knowledge. The science of Jhe present
day also proves that the historic account
of the death of Admiral Vlllneuve is open
to skeptical doubt. And the recent cases
of suture of the heart give illustration
that modern surgical skill may attempt,
and with success, the seemingly. Impossi
ble.—American Medicine.
HEABT WOUNDS ABE
SOMETIMES SURVIVED
PREMIER ZANARDEL-LI. WHO
TELEGRAPHED RESIGNA
TION OF ITALIAN CABINET.
When the decision of Ralston is known
in Venezuela It will create a vivid im
pression, as President Castro Is now caus
ing the prosecution at Cludad Bolivar of
foreign merchants who are"' refusing to
pay to the Castro Government duties
which they had previously paid to the
late revolutionary government.
PORT OF SPAIN, Island of Trinidad,
Oct. 20.-Jackson H, Ralston of
ington, the umpire of the Italian commis
sion at Caracas, Venezuela, has decided
against Venezuela in the case of the
Government's claim for the double pay
ment of local taxes, which decision ap
plies In principle to the attempts now be
ing made by the Venezuelan Govern
ment to collect a second payment of
taxes on goods Imported at Ctudad Boli
var under the recent revolutionary gov
ernment at that port. .The umpire holds
that taxpayers were protected by the pay
ment to the de facto officers, and calls
attention to the Castine case, decided by
Justice Storey, to this effect, and the
recent attitude under like circumstances
of the United States at Blueflelds, Nic
aragua.
I say this In no spirit of slander, but either
your head Is twisted or your heart infected, or
you have blundered badly in your method. You
cannot bully people into Zionism nor black
guard them Into the kingdom of heaven. I
hope you will take this In the kindly spirit
in which It Is offered and that it will be blessed
to you.
NEW YORK, Oct. 20.— John Alexander
Dowle, arrayed in evening dress, talked
for two hours to-night before a great
throng In Madison Square Garden, the
burden of his talk being denunciation of
the clergy and the press.
When he began the huge garden was
crowded and the 'police say 6000 persons
who could not gain entrance were turned
away. In a half hour, however, the
crowd began to surge out and then the
police refused to admit any late comers,
saying they feared a riot. The speaker
was repeatedly Interrupted with hisses
and shouts of disapproval. At one point
Dowle ordered the police to arrest two
men In different parts of the building who
had Interrupted him.
Carrie Nation, who occupied a seat
near the front, asked "Elijah" to an-
Bwer some questions. He refused and
ordered her to sit down. Dowie then
praised the spirit In which Mrs. Nation
had warred on the saloons, but said she
used wrong methods. Mrs. Nation again
demanded the privilege of asking ques
tions. At once Zlon guards surrounded
her and with the help of several police
men ejected her.
At this several hundred persons at the
back of the garden made a rush to get
out. The entrance was blocked in a mo
ment, and Dowie. shouting that the way
had been blocked by the crowd outside,
brought there for the purpose of creating
a disturbance, ordered the Zionists to
keep their places. He then requested the
audience" to be seated, and, after hav'ing
the side exits opened, he requested the
audience -to rise in sections and go out
at the sides.
Rev. Charles Parkhurst sent the fol
lowing open letter to Dowle:
I do not want to bo presuming, but doubt
If it Is any more preaupmtuous In me to come
and try to clarify you than it Is for you to
come and. trv to clarify New York, and I do
not know which of us has taken the heavier
contract. I attended your service at Madison
square Garden last evening; p.nd I went de
termined to enjoy it if I could be benefited by
It and po away and refute some of the charges
that I had heard alleged against you. But It
was of no use; your behacior on the platform
crushed every throb of sympathy I had with
you.. 1 never'heard from a public speaker such
& dlscharre of effervescent wrath and coarse
invective. I went to hear you preach the gos
pel and you preached Dowle, Zion City, "stlnl:
pot." I was ashamed of you and almost
ashamed to be in your audience. It was a
Ion* way below the standard even of the cir
cuses that I have attended In the same garden.
The only consolation I could derive was that It
was bo abominable and bo far beyond the
bounds of respectability that even those In
your congregation who did not know what
Christianity is would have no idea that it had
anything to do with what you were saying.
Of course, the ridiculousness of the perform
ance was only enhanced by the Immensity of
your pretensions. If you claimed to be only
an ordinary man there might ba some hope for
you, even with what you call the "rabble."
but the rabble Is discriminating and can dis
criminate as keenly as the keenest between a
prophet and a Juggler, between an Elijah and
a mountebank.
The tiusincF* men say that they are going
to vote against me because they «ay that the
I do not Intend to mak<» a mud-slinging:
oamiiatsn, as my opponents are doing. I
Ktand wholly upon my ret-ord. If elected I
will represent all of the people of San Fran
cifco. and not any one class of people. Two
years ajto the papers «said that tf I was elected
the valu* of property would decrease, but
it has increased under my administration 50
per cent.
1 hate made a good beicinnir.g, and ¦with
jour votes on election day I hope to be in a
IKisition to make a more tirilliant ending. I
liave not a. Klr.de paper to eupport me. al
.thouRh only a short time a;o they were all
••oftiinendina me for the "-or>d work I did' In
cutttrs down the foudstt.
This it my district, and I have dor.«? all in
my |io»er to better your conditions here '.". the
lkM two yeare. I have had the Sherman Pri
mary School remodeled and t-nlanfed. and have
t-terted a , .-• r. and public playground for your
children.
His first appearance was at Steimke
Hall, corner cf Union and Octavla streets.
The meeting was given under the aus
pices r>f the Sehmitz Central Club. J. A.
Devoto presided and made the introduc
tory remarks. Schmitr in brief said:
Mayor Schmitr spoke at three political
meetingE last night, large crowds greet
ing him at each hall.
SCHMITZ CAMPAIGNS
Mayor Delivers Addresses Before
Three Meetings in One Night.
N^w. that election Is drawing near. It
may be of interest to note the names of
the members of the various boards and
commissions who will eever their connec
tion with the municipal government on
January 9, 1S04, because the terms for
vhlch they were appointed will expire on
that date. The political complexion of
the commissions will be materially af
fected according as the successful candi
date for Mayor will be either Crocker.
Lane or Sehmltr.
The new chief executive of the city,
w hoever he may be, will have the ap
pointment of no less than eleven com
missioners next January and an addi
tional eleven In January. 1905- Th*
names of those who will retire from
office at the end of the present year are:
Marsden Manson. Board of Public
"Works: P. H. McCarthy. Civil Service
< 'ommlysion : Lawrence F. Walsh, Board
of Education; Thomas Reagan, Police
Commission; Rolla V. Watt, Fire Com
mission; A. B. Spreckels. Jasper Mc-
Donald, Park Commission; £>r. R. W.
I'aum. Dr. V. P. Buckley. Board of
Hralth: Jeremiah Df»apy, Oliver Everett,
Klectlon Commission.
' Should Dr. Licwitt resign from the
Health Board, as he has Intimated he
v.-0'Jld, there would be another vacancy
to fill.
A number of Fubordlnates not under
c:\il service will have their tenure
jeopardized hy the election of a new
Mayor. The four-year term of Registrar
Thomas J. V»'r.lsh will expire on January
I next, pnd unless he Is able to secure
the votes of a majority of the Election
Commission h« will have to make way
for his successor.
Nicholas JortalTs position as secretary
of the Board of Public Works will depend !
l.-srsely on who will be the next Mayor.
If Schmiti is re-elected the new Com
miesioner would combine with the j
Mayors brother, also a Commissioner. \
p.nd Casey would be a hopeless minority, j
Casey would then probably be deposed
hs president of the Board of Public
Works, although he would still continue
¦ member thereof. As Casey is JortalKs
'riend. it Is easy to see what would hap
pen In the latter's case. If Crocker
1* elected JortalTs tenure would de
pend on whether the new Commissioner
vould combine with Herbert Schmltz or
«'asey. If no combination were made
Ji.rtall would be safe at least for another
year. Of course a large number of other
positions, including that of City Engineer
Grtmsky and City Architect Cuthbertson,
v.ill hinge on the personality of the new
Mayor.
The same is true of the Board of
Health. If Schmltz is elected he will
have the votes of Drs. Stlnson. Ward,
<"hiof of Police Wlttman and the two
new members of the board to succeed
Baum and Buckley. In that event the
first thing Sehmitz would probably do
would be to depose Casey as president of
the Board of Health and also a small
army of subordinates, including Health
Officer O'Brien, Superintendent Kelly of
the Alrnsbouse, City Chemist Green "and
Resident Physician McElroy of the City
and County Hospital, would follow suit
«
Holds That Payments Made
to De Facto Officers Fro- .
tect Merchants.
Dr. Parkhurst in an Open
Letter Denounces ths
Zionist.
Tenure of Many Subordinates
Depend on Successful
Candidate.
Umpire Decides Against
Contentions of the
Government.
Kansas Reformer Makes
Trouble at "Elijah's"
Meeting.
Eleven to Be Appointed
by Newly Elected
Mayor.
DOWIE EJECTS
CARRIE NATION
TAXPAYERS WIN
VENEZUELAN CASE
COMMISSIONERS
ARE TO RETIRE
THE SAN FBAN CISCO CALIiV WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1903.
ENTIRE CABINET
OF ITALY SENDS
IN RESIGNATION
9
AMUSEMENTS.
QENTRftUgi
Market 8treet. Near Eight*— Phone South 633.
TO-NIGHT— ALL. THIS WEEK.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Meredith's Famous Border Drama,
"RANCH IO"
The Distinguished Actor.
ti. K. STOGK.W/EI-I-
In the Great Comedy Role of JUDGE PROSE.
• All the Central Favorites In the Cast.
t SEE Battle for Life in the Snow. The BlU-
zard In the Rocky Mountains. The Cowboys'
Lynching Party. The Frontier Judge and
His Court. The Thrilling Conflagration Scene.
Gorgeous Scenery and Stage Effects.
DDIflX Evenings 10c to 60o
I nlWCJ Matinees ..10c, 15c. 25c
Week of October 26, Mammoth Production
of "UNCLE TOM'S CABIN." ; •
17* Al HUB 3 A MHWiEscfj
(jjU LU all k® 1 $4 lEADiso mm
ENGAGEMENT POSITIVELY LIMIT-
ED TO TWO WEEKS.
Every Night, Including Sunday,
MATINEES SATURDAY ONLY. .
Initial Appearance . Here ol
Robert Edeson
(Management Henry B. Harris.)
In Richard Harding Davis'
SOLDIERS OF FORTUNE.
Stage Version by Augustus Thomas.
Third Year of Its Popularity.
GRAND 85ZU
Four Weeks— NOVEMBER 2d to 28th.
Matlreea Wed. and Sat. Each Week.
SALE OF SEATS OPENS
THURSDAY, October 20, at 9 a. m.
KLAW & ERLANGER'S
Stupendous Production of General Wallace's
BEN HUR
Dramatised by William Younir.
Music by Edgar Sttllman Kelley.
35O— Persons in Production — 35O
No- scats laid aside before opening sale.
PRICES— ?2. $1 50, lland.iSc.
Country and Suburban mall orders with re-
mittances filled In order received after sale
opens. ;
ALCAZAR^B^ir
: General Manager.
•'THE BEST STOCK COMPANY
EVER AT THE ALCAZAR"— CALL.
TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK ONLY.
-ENORMOUS HIT—GREAT CROWDS!
OWBpX
An d T A 1T| XT '¦ ciyi* nuh't
Th8 JUA\U X • C«mrfy-pr»B»
Evg., 25c to ,76c: Mata. Sat. & Sun., 15c to 50c
Next Monday — The Drama of Romance,
UNDER THE RED ROBE.
I DR.PIERCES
GOUPEPi
::¦';: medic/vl .
DISCOVERY
1 Bft.OOD,LIV.ER,LUIVGS.
-;'•: •--:¦ '-. ¦¦ ' ¦¦.;.•¦;..,¦.¦ ...•- :.. v.-\ ¦. -.••;.'.-¦*
4Pfc I IB I tf% Ammunition. HunUrg and
¦ IB ||B%. Sporting Goods. Largest
¦ _¦ I|U flock. Lowest prices. SeoJ
311 III ft W 'or catalocu*.
y^ll %J fiHREVS £ BARBER CO..
y^»rta|£!)i^jjp*grfi^ . 13U M&rket *t- And 311 r
' 9 1651 JimST ST.tiU'.»Mta. 3.F.W.
?T The LarcMtAnatomical>Mu«euinin the
.Jk^ World. We»kne»«e» or any contracted
DSS'Sra di«»« !•••«•••••.•»' ••¦rodny the oldest
#fc| £$ I Specialivt on the Co lit. EiL 3« ycirs.
AW* & DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
fd$HMfefl Consultation free »nd strictly priTate.
I YBWH Treatment personally or by letter. A
I flr Uk B Poritive Curt in erery ewe undertaken. -
PI/ U A Write for Bo«k.rBiX««oPHir«r
¦ a ; nV mahhiacik. mailed free. ( a
£ ¦ - jL , »»!uable book for turn)
I»«. JORDAN * CO.. 1051 Market tit.. 8. F.
MUSEUM OF flHflTOHY
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
viJi One bottle will tell a story of
marvelous results. This medicine has more
rejuvenating:, vitalizing: force than has ever
been offered. Sent by mail in plain package
only on receipt of this adv. and $L
Made by its originators C. I. Hood Co.. pro-
prietors Hood's Sarsaparilla. LoweiL Mass.
JEW* . Those suffering from weak-
w*- nesses which sap the pleasures
• ¦¦• » of life should take Juven Pills.
SPOILED CHILDREN
Usually Make Sickly Men and
Women.
POSTUM CZHEAL.
The "epoiltd" child usually makes a
xiTak. sickly man or woman, because
FU»~h a younpstpr has its own way about
<!i*?t arid rats and drinks things that are
unfitted for any *=tomaeh and sickness re-
sults. ¦ ;« ¦ ;
"I vat 8 1 ways a delicat**. Fpoiled child
and my parrnte used to let me drink cof-
fre because I would cry for It." says a
Georgia young woman. "When I entered
school my nervousness increased and my
parents thought it was due to my going
to school, so they took mo out again.- But
I did not ppt any better and my head-
aches got worse and weakened me m>
that I was unfit for any duty. Sometimes
I would gi a whole day without any other
nourishment than a cud of coffee.
"Kan spring I had a bad attack of the
Gripp* and wh<n I recovered I found that
coffee nauseated me so I could not drink
'.l and even a few swallows would cause
a terrible burning In my stomach. It was
nt ihls time that a friend who had been
much benpflud by the use of Po*tum eug-
B*-Med that I try this food drink. I found
it dimply delicious" and have used It ever
sine* and the results speak for them-
reJves. I have gained twelve 'pounds and
my nerves are as steady as any one's.
'I consider myself well and etrong and
! make it a point now to take a cup of
. Poatum with a cracker or two as Boon
¦ii I eorr.e home from school in the after-
noon. Postum witn cracKers or a biscuit
makfs my luncheon. It certainly saved
my life, for I know coffee would have
killed me in time had I continued drink-
I have a young girl friend, a sten-
ographer, who declares nothing strength-
ens and refreshes her like Postum and
f he has a little oil stove in her office and
makes a cup of Postum at jjoontime. I|
nave, recommended this wonderful bever-
aRfi to many of my friends, who know
what it nas done for me." Name given
by Postum Co.. Battle Creek, Mich.
Look in each package ' for a copy of
the famous little book, "The Road to
VNellville."
• People who have suffered from piles for
years are often astonished at the instant
relief experienced from the first applica-
tion. Another important . advantage is
the fact that any one can use the remedy
without detention from business or Inter-
ference with daily occupation.
"I feel It my duty to recommend the
Pyramid Pile Cure, for after suffering ten
years with a most distressing form of
Piles, I am entirely cured, thanks to this
remedy. Any one doubting this can write
to Margaret Brady, 156 Whitman street,
Cleveland, Ohio." ;
Before you reach this stage use a rem-
edy which removes. -the cause, thereby
eradicating the disease, and that is the
Pyramid Pile Cure, which Is sold by all
druggists at 50 cents a package: It Is in the
form of a suppository, is applied direct-
ly to the parts affected and brings about
a complete cure, quickly and painlessly.
A valuable little book on the cause and
cure of piles is published by the Pyramid
Drug Co., Marshall, Mich., and we ad-
vise every sufferer to send for a copy of
it. ¦ ..
Is Crushed by Chronic Troubles.
One of the most weakening, undermin-
ing troubles which mankind Is heir to Is
hemorrhoids or piles. The victim Is care-
less and neglectful of, the disease at first
because the pain Is slight and the bleed-
Ing may only occur occasionally, or he
may be reassured by the occasional disap-
pearance of the symptoms. And yet-if at
the very start he had found a j rational
remedy to soothe the inflammation he
would probably never have had a return
of this irritating malady.
Piles may develop at any season of the
year, and at almost any age of the vic-
tim: the abuse of cathartics often causes
this trouble and a period arrives when
the dread of pain at stool becomes so
great that the sufferer begins to neglect
the calls of nature and the bowels are
either forced to retain the ,feces or are
only partially cleared, on account of the
suffering -attendant upon v a thorough
movement. .
VITAL FORCE
\AI. X. HESS.
XTotary Public and Attora»y-at-Ii«w.
Teeth Floor. Room 1013. Clans Spreckels bid*.
Telephone Main 083.
Residence, 821 California st.. tMtow PowvU.
Residence Telephone James 1301.
PBAGEBS
PBAGEBS
PBAGEES
ADVERTISEMENTS.
. AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY, WEDNESDAY. Oct. 21.
Parquet, anytseat. 25c; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved. 10c.
A VAUDEVILLE CARNIVAL
Waterbury Brothers and Tenney;
Whistling Tom Browne; Herbert
Lloyd, Assisted by Lillian Lil-
yan; Colombino; 1 Sisters Rappo;
Three Crane Brothers; Wallace
Brownlow; A. P. Rostow; Golden
Gate Quartet and Fanny Winfred
and New Motion Pictures.
fAljIFORNl/fl
fi» I MORE POPULAR \v°\
! THAN EVER. i_ 9 I
IIN OLD
KENTUCKY.
SPECIAL — Friday night, dancing con-
test for coast championship and purse.
Pickaninny champion j against all comers.
A Fettur* Worth Osiaf Kiles to S*a.
t dOSBg | Sunday. Mason and Mason- In iSBB
(11 Ij "Rudolph and Adolph." J jT~^
iIhelatrO
TIV0USS5&
NOTE.— Performances begin at 8 sharp. Sat-
urday Matinee at 2 sharp. '- !*_
— — TO-HIOHT
FRIDAY AND SATURDAY NIGHTS. ,
Puccini's Great Modern Opera,
"LA BOHEME."
Thursday and Sunday Nights, . Saturday Mat.,
Giordano's Masterpiece.
"ANDRE CHENIER."
'. * — y — ¦-•'.-. ¦• .
, PRICES AS tJSUAU 25c. 60c. 73c.
Telephone Bash 0.
A GREAT SHOW EVERY AFTERNOON
AND EVENING IN THE THEATER.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE THE COLORED BABY
IN THE INFANT INCUBATOR.
Lion Slaying Baboon in the Zoo.
LOTS Or TUN IN THE PENNY ARCADE
. AMATEUB WIGHT THUBSDAY.
ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN. 5c.
When Phoning A»k for "The Chutes."
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
SPAMER CONCERTS
I Lyric Hall I
119 EDDY 8T.
WED, Oct. 21. 8:15 d. m.: SAT.. Oct. 24.
3 p. m. Seats. 50c, $1. $150.. For sale at
KOHLER & CHASE'S new store, cor. Kearny
and Post. '
WBBWCall too oer Year
Indisputable Money Saving Bargains Ar-
ranged Speciallyfor_the_Mid- Week Trade
_. , . •¦•_ : ¦¦• /T 1 HE fall season is now at its
) diqck ana Colored | height and this page of Daintiest* Undergarments
, ISSSSSZSZSSSZSZSZ: bright bargain hints will be V
Dress Goods. [S±SSB %f||^S for Woi * en -
THE buying in this depart- cm P bTShe°mo«t SSSageoialy f\ UR J^SKivJ^^SSt W
ment of dress goods and all this week on the most season- W ™*. wl
silks is at its greatest just able and desirable articles. • . . * derwcar . imaginable. We
now. Nowisthetimetofindthe ... think we can justly make the clainl
best lines of all kinds of materials Cf^o^Al ' r»f Pr*»ttv tha * our . st °ck includes the greatest
for dressmaking. We are not OOie Ol rreny variety in the city. The prices are
overburdened with a heavy stock, right and as low as business pru-
but just enough to put us in a po- TWbflnS. dence will permit.
sition to add new lines and secure , ZmSSSSSSl 75c — Knit Skirts made of me-
the latest ideas. . r-t-i HE most popular styles of " n ° varn ; Jersey knit; gray found-
BLACK. i turbans are the "Empire" ation with ; various colored fancy
74c a yard— Black prunella, all v-;* and the "Torpedo." They are 6 !;^ , r , „ .
wool material, 44 inches wide; dots really the. prettiest and swellest *i.««— Vests and Pants made
and stripes; will be worn much shapes shown for a number of of good cashmere yarn; vests are
this season. A $1.25 value. . years. high neck and long sleeves finished
63c a yard-^Black wool satine; gr> c *\f% An Astrachan Tur- Wlth hand Irochet trimming; pants
a rich black and very neat designs. SlJ.UU ban with crown of arc ankle length, with Italian cloth
Regular $1.00 quality. draped ermine felt; yoke band, finished seams. A .fine
35c a yard — Black twilled mo- a bunch of black aigrettes on the so l t - < q "f 1 ! it> /r t- l i_ •'
hair, an alpaca that wears like iron side. $l.o«— Vests and French band
and resists the dust. Regular 50c A Draped Black Velvet Turban Pants made of two threads silk and
quality. with pompon and side bandeaux oney wool. Full finished seams.
COLORED. of black satin ribbon. 91.-0 — Extra heavy woven
91.OO a yard— Colored and Turbans of black braid with Vests and Pants of fine Australian
black broadcloth, a 50-inch suit- crown and facing of alternate folds I«n»>s K . wool = g"" ant " d "0°"
ing used so much for tailored of felt and braid; rosettes of vel- shrmkable; white and natural. The
gowns; all colors. " Worth $1.35. vet and jet ornaments. -Very stylish, regular $1.50 quality.
Magnificent* Specials in Women's Suit, Great, Redaction on Table Linens
and Cloak Section. and Towels.
WE have added to the number of specials that ELDOM have we had the opportunity to show
have been offered in this department during a varied assortment of domestics. A number of
the last few weeks, and the same splendid big shipments have recently arrived and we have
bargains are to be had. The ONE-HALF reduction taken the choicest lines and made them ready for this
on every garment contiues to be in order. great midweek sale.
SUITS. TABLE LINENS.
— All wool tailored Suits, beautifully finished 35c a yard— Table damask; worth 50c.
.and trimmed. Only 25 of these suits left. Regular 45c a yard — Table damask; worth 60c.
$18.00 to $22.00 value. KOc a yard — Table damask; worth 75c.
914.95, 917.5O, 919.75 and 922.50— Give you 75c a yard— Table damask; worth $1.00.
your choice of about 300 suits. Every one strictly man HEMSTITCHED TABLE CLOTHS.
tailored, the latest in styles. We have them in all 91.63 — Regular $2.50 tablecloths. •
colors and black. Coats long, short or medium 91.88 — Regular $3.00 tablecloths,
lengths with straight . fronts (mannish effects) or 92.10 — Regular $3,50 tablecloths,
pouch with, extra shoulder capes. Skirts have full NAPKINS
sweep and are handsomely tailored. Some have silk - Oc doz _ H emmed damask napkins; worth $1.00.
drop skirts. Every garment is worth from $30.00 to 95c doz _ He mmed damask napkins; worth $1.50.
*"" 91«45 doz — Hemmed damask napkins; worth $2.00.
WALKING AND DRESS SKIRTS. 91.95 doz— Hemmed damask napkins; worth $2.50.
96.45 — Elegant Walking Skirt in all the latest TOWELS.
styles of the season; strictlyman tailored and finished 8 l-3c each — Valued at $1.25 a dozen,
in the finest manner. Valued at from $10 to $12.50. is l-2c each — Valued at $2.00 a dozen.
912.45 — 150 handsome Dress Skirts of peau de lfte each — Valued at $2.25 a dozen,
soie silkmost beautifully designed and tailored, jj 19c each— Valued at $3.00 a dozen.
Select Toys Now. GREEN TRADING
A S a special conces-. 8**B ¦^d^iHUltr <4ihii STAMPS GIVEN
dnire'to make their j8Lii |[^ff || WITH ALL
we will place in our store- jBv^ {^* PURCHASES.
seuSe^ndfit wUuSTde- 11 AIAVAYS RELIABLE v.
SuctV any g g I J1238- 11250 MARKET SB""™ I *t£J?°T
Rheumatism
Bright' s disease, brick dust deposit, bed-'
wetting, gravel, dropsy, diabetes. '
Cured with
One Bottle /
McBurncy's / v* tvi9
Kidney and fej St
Bladder Cure F> (
Relief In 20 min- ,V >j^
utes. Express pre- J -^*» [rL*-^?,
paid 91 60. Send 28c to W. F. McBur-
ney for five days* treatment.
226 8.' Spring st., Los Angeles. Sold
by druggists.
AMUSEMENTS.
"WELCOMES-BANKERS.
"We Want Tour Money. Not AH of It. How-
ever. Just Enough to Pay for
| THE F»/\W/\PERS |
The Funniest, the Most Beautiful, the Best
Sung and Acted Musical Comedy of Tears.
Our "All-Star" Cast. Including
KOLB^AND DILL.
BARNEY BERNARD.
WINFIELD BLAKE.
HARRY HERMSEN.
MAUDE AMBER.
ELEANOR JENKINS.
Next— "RUBES AND ROSE3."
MATXXnBXS
TO-UOBBOW AND SATX7BSAT
LAST FOUR NIGHTS:
CHRISTIAN
BEGINNING NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE.
THE MUSICAL FARCE-COMEDY,
SPOTLESS TOWN
PRICES— Evenings I3c. 2&?. 50r, 75o
Matinees 15c, 25c. 50o
To=day at 9 a. m.
Box Office Opens at Sher- I\I TCC
man, Clay 4 Co.'s for - - LJUO^
And His Metropolitan Opera-Hous* Orchestra
of 60.
With MADAME NORDICA
MRS. KATHARINE FISK,
MR. NATHAN FRANKO.
COHOSSTS AT ALHAMBKA THSATSB
Evenings Oct. 27-29. Matinee Oct. 2S-30.
PRICES — 93. (2. %\\ Box Seats. $3 SO and 94.
Wednesday, "Pop" Matinee — 60c to |2.
OAKLAND, WEDNESDAY NIGHT, OCT: 28th.
With NORDICA.
Next— ELLERY'9 ITALIAN BAND.
PfllafA DON'T FAIL TO
j COURT Lounging
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
ttUU PARLOR, tho
r 1 PALM ROOM, the
liniriQ LOUIS XV PAR-
Ul UHU LQR and the j^
n A i <„ DIES' WRITING
Hotels ro ° m -
mmS* Ira i nt ii**JlThird race, one mile and a furlong, handi
cap — ColonFay 1(2, Stamping Ground 100 Sher
iff Bell 105. Eugenia Burch 117, Bonnibert 113
Carbuncle 10S, Salvatella 9ti.
Fourth race, six furlongs. Mercury handi
cap — Lux Casta 112. Lady Amelia 90, Icewater
107, Wotan 95. Haco King 105. Divination 96.
Ocean Tide 00, Orthodox 90. Memories 03. Lons
dale ICO. King Pepper 120, Parislenne 107,
Counterpoise 02, Kagle Ktf, Prince Chlng 8m,
Ormonde's Right 105, Grenade 104, Flam
mula IK).
Fifth race, five furlongs, two-year-old fillies —
M. Theo 110. Toi San 110. Dimple 110, Ko
mombo 99. Flammula 110. Euphrata 110. Miss-
Ing Link 09, Algonquin 00. Golden Drop 110,
Merry Moments 90. Lady Mirthful 00, Mono-
CHICAGO. Oct. 20.— Entries:
Fir*t race, six furlongs, selling— Foresiuht
110 Go Between 110. Sanetomo 108. Wreath
of ivy 105 Voila 104. La Chaperone 101, Myron
Dale 101. "Ralph Young 101. Cardwellton 103.
Glisten 101. Banwell ICO. The Hebrew 100.
Louis Kraft ICO, Fly I*idy 94, Delamont 02,
Arnold K 02, General Stewart 02.
Second race, six furlongs. Beijing— Never Fret
108 Little Mission 100. Bid Ben 109. Bard
Burns 108. Dutch Carter 1C5. Evelyn Byrd 105.
The Stewardess 105. Paul Whaley 105. >>abock
lish 103, Bplle Mahone 101. Emma AM 100,
Tribes 05, Miriam W 95, Mary McCafferty 95.
Third race, one and ft sixteenth miles. The
Phoenx handicap— Incubator 115. Lady Jocelyn
114. Gregor K 10S. Wltfull 106. TopsoU 95. Al
fredo 102. Lurallghter 103. Big Ben 102. Bond-
Bge 102 The Don 100. Gilfaln 95. (Topsoll and
Wltfull. Hlldreth entry v ) _^ •' .
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles; handi
cap—Nitrate 110. Fading Light M/Cant 106,
Our Beesie JO-X Potheen 102. Airtight 101. Kd*
Rlley 100. Curaus 100. Biief 05. Lacy Crawford
1)5 * Fading Light and Nitrate. Durnell entry.)
Fifth race, one mile - and seventy .-yards—
Boaster 108, The Major 108 Old Mike 100^ Mary
Moore 105, Virginia Boy O 2 -- BlackwoU 80. .
Sixth race, one mile. selling-Captain Cook
110 Ladv Radnor 110. Florestan 105, Worth
lngton 105 Sir Launcelot 105. Charlie Thomp-
B on 105. Martin 100. Custus 100, Pond 00, Rye
vale 87, Dorlce 87.
WORTH SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race—Go Between, Sanetomo,
Wreath of Ivy.
Second race— Big Ben, Belle Ma
hone, Never Fret. * i
Third race — Witf ull, Incubator,
Bondage.
Fourth race— Brief, Nitrate, Air
light.
Fifth race— Boaster, Virginia Boy,
The Major.
Sixth race — Charlie Thompson,
Sir Launcelot, Marlin.
WORTH ENTRIES.
Portland Defeats Uncle's Men.
PORTLAND, Oct. 20. — Portland wen an ex
citing game to-day from San Francisco. Save
in the first inning-, when San Francisco scored
on a two-base hit and an error, and In the
seventh, when Portland batted out two runs,
neither side was* able to advance » man be
yond second base. Cutter and McFarlan bot!i
pitched well, with honors In Cuttrr's favor.
Van BUren. after a long run. made a^sensa
tlona! catch that cost San Francisco a three
base hit. Score:
'¦¦»• -* s P- H. E.
Portland 00000020 x — 2 9 - 1
San "Francisco. 1 000OOO0 0 — 1 6'- i -- t
- Batteries — McFarlan and Arthur Anderson;
Cutter and Zearfoss. Umpire — O'Connell.
MEMPHIS, Tenn.. Oct. 20.— What was
expected to be one of the greatest har
ness horse contests In locA history
proved to be a very tame affair to-day,
•when Lou Dillon cave Major Delmar a
decisive beating In two straight heats
•In ordinary time. The two-minute trot
ters met in the second renewal of the
Memphis cup.
Ideal weather conditions prevailed and
the track was in perfect shape. Fully
15,000 people were in attendance when the
two champions, driven by their owners.
Billings and Smathers, appeared upon
the track for the first heat. Billings won
the pole on the toss of a coin. Starter
Xewton gave the word at the first at
tempt and Lou Dillon Immediately forged
to the front, and. without effort, opened
a pap of three length?, which advantage
ehe'held to the end. winning In an easy
jCg.
In the second heat Major Delmar broke
badly at the flrst eighth pole, allowing
Lou Dilon to assume a lead of twenty
lengths. Turning Into the stretch Bil
lings realized that he had the race at
his mercy and pulled the mare up and
won by eight lengths. Both heats were
trotted in 2:04«i. Summary.
2:14 rare. i>urt«e $1000 — Rirtt On Time won
two Ftralffht heats in 2:OH«. 2:O7»4. Tesa.
Daniel J, Mary Gordon, Yokeley. C. O. D.,
P. J.. Vizole. Minnie Christie, Arnold Patchen,
Countess Cecil. Wealth and D-irectutn Miller
Blto started.
Diamond handicap, $2000, 2 til trotters, one
and a hail miles, one heat — Dr. Strong won
la 3:17H- Billy Buck, Hawthorne and Dillon,
Bojr also started.
Memphis pold cup, $5000. free-Jor-all trot
ters, amateur drivers, to waeon — Lou Dillon
(BUlincs) won two heais. Major Delmar
(Smctherr) second. Time. 2:O4Si, 2:04V
2:05 pace, rmrse flOOO — Dar'.el won two
etralrht heat*, each In 2:06. Foxle Curd,
ClSPi«er and Tom Keene also started.
2:30 trot. flOOO — Axde'.lgfct won two straight
heats in 2:11U. 2:12^. Raragu, Cathode.
Grocery ila'.d. Eclnor and Flinlce Geo also
started.
OARSMEN WTXL MEET
AT NATIVE SONS' HAUL
Members cf the Clubs About the Bay
Will Honor Memory of Former
Comrade.
The oarsmen of all the clubs about the
bay will meet to-morrow night at Xative
Sons' Hall to do honor to the memory of
the late William H. Thomas, for many
years captain of the South End Boat
Club.
The latter organization will not hold a
high jinks this year, the members avall
irg of to-morrow night's affair to hold
their annual love feast. There will be an
excellent vaudeville programme, after
vhich the floor will be cleared for
dancing. The committee having the af
fair in charge Is composed of John L.
Hcrset. John Daily, William Richard. F.
WebFter, Daniel Bassett, Joseph Freese,
T. Burke, P. \Riorclan and H. BevelL
Special Dispatch to The Call,
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 20.-A "killing" was
made on the. victory of Captain Gaston
In the. third race at the Fair Grounds
to-day. Opening at 7, his odds were
pounded down to 9 to 2 at post time. The
horse was played heavily in outside pool
rooms, and it is rumored tnat Patsy
King, the "king", of Chicago policy Bhops,
won J15.000 through the victory of the
gelding. . .
When the barrier went up Captain Gas
ton was tiirnpd the wrong way, being
practically left. However. Watson
straightened him out and set sail after
the field and the gelding won at the wire
by a neck, after a furious drive.
Frank Bell had no trouble in winning
the feature event, the fourth on the pro
gramme.
The track was fast, the weather clear
and the attendance large. Summary: r
FIRST RACE — Five furlongs; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1 — Debbie May. lOd (Mathws) 5 5 1 W
7 to 1— Soeon, 05 (Perkins) 3 3 2,Tj
20 to 1— Kittle Harlan. 102 'Sayers) 9 4 3 H
Time, 1:03. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner, H. T. Batcheior's b. f., by Bobby Beach-
May Wardy. Amberlta 100. Always Faithful
103; Ora J4 05. Zama 97. Bessie Klrby 10O,
Hoofbeat 104, Bessie B 95, Buzzy 100, also ran.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selline:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
20 to 1— Pierce J. 10«l (Foiey) 10 8 N 13
25 to 1 — La Rouge. 105 (Louden). 6 1-2 1
7 to 1— llev. Dare, 1(V8 (Matths) 3 5 3 8
Time, 1:15. Start cood. Won easily. Win
ner; H. Robinson's oh. c, by Prince of Monaco-
La Farondelle. Ethel Da"is 105, Tommy
Knight 105, Duela 103. Golden Easter 105.
Joe Goss 112. Zirl 106. Bear Creek 103. Al
berac 102, Miss Gould 100, Kiss Quick 105,
Little Giant 102, also ran.
THIRD RACE — Seven furlongs; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 2 — Capt. Gaston. 110 (Watson) 9 4 1 nk
11 to 5 — Glennevts, 108 (Foley) 5 12 6
10 tol — Avoid. 105 (Sayers) 7 6 38
Time. 1:28%. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner. L. L. Snow's b. tt. by Prince of
Darkness-Mayflower. IWzel log. Prosper la
Gal 113. Brutal 105, Cas=take 10&. Daeskin 110,
Miss Theresa 105, also ran. •
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs, handicap:
14 to 5— Frank Bell, 113 (Dale)... 2 2 11
3 to 1 — Bridge. 116 (Smith) 1128
20 to 1 — Annie Max, 94 (Johnson). 6 6 3 3
Time, 1:15. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner, J. W. O'Neal's b. g. ty Big Henry-
Flcra Leach. Brulare 104, Jigger 95, Sylvia
Tulbot 101* and Malster 108 also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Mile and seventy yards,
puree:
Betting-. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 1— L-Strathm'r. 103 (Austin) 5 2 15
12 to 1— Neverfuch. 100 (Cavlt) 3 5 2 n
8 to 1— Athelroy, 103 .Smith) 2 4 3 1
Time, lMfii.;. Start good.; Won easily.
Winner. T. P. Hayes b. m. by Strathmore-
Lody Loud. Captain Galnes 106. Elastic 100,
Jack Younc 103 also ran.
SIXTH RACK — One and a sixteenth miles,
selling:
Bettintf. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 2— Pearl Diver, 80 (Dixon).. 5 2 1 nk
.5 to 1— Nettie Regent. 102<Sayers) J. 3 2 6
4 to 1 — Axares. 107 (Austin) 4 135
Time, 1:49>£. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, J. O'NelKs b. f. by Kantaka-Xocturn.
Tabellarius 80. Larry Wilt 103, Ecome 100,
Ultra Vires S6, Eugenia S 104, Model Mon
arch 98, Decoration ft3. General Prifj 94, Helen
Tarwater 91. Patronymic 93, Pilaster 100 and
Vlrgie d'Or 109. also ran.
Denies That Track Is Short.
WICHITA. Kans.. Oct. 20.— That the
track on which Cresceus yesterday clip
ped a cuarter of a second off the trot
ting record Is ISO feet short was emphati
cally denied to-day by C. A. Irwin. presi
dent of th* Southern Fair Association.
Irwin stated that instead of being short
the track is, as a matter of fact, seven
feet mere than a mile long.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 20.-Joe Gans.
the lightweight champion, had the better
of the six-round fight with Eddie Ken
nedy of Pittsburg at the Southern Athletic
Club to-night.
Chans Is Too Clever for Kennedy.
The Gaelic Athletic Association will
hold a field day at Ingleside track on
Thanksgiving day. An elaborate pro
gramme of sports has been arranged.
The events will be open to all amateurs.
The morning will be devoted to hurling
and Gaelic football, and during the after
noon field sports and other games will be
Indulged In.
Gaelic Field Day.
Fight Promoter Is Fined.
NIAGARA. Ont. Oct. 20.— Magistrate
Cruikshank to-day imposed a fine of $500
on "Jack" Herman of Buffalo. The case
GTe\r out of the action taken against Her
man in conducting boxing exhibitions at
Fort Erie. The specinc case was the al
leged breaking of the law in the match
between Root and Gardner.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 20. — Entries
First race, six furlongs, allowances, two
year-old maiden? — Enigma 1C0, Bill Nye 100,
Woodson 108. Port Warden 103, Benton 100,
Tom Olney 103. Freckman 103, Latolla 100,
Capitol 1(10, Handzor 1G3, Thank Heaven 100,
Buglehorn 105, True Girl 100, Gold Spot 105.
Second race, live and % a half furlongs, sell
lnsr. two year-olds and up — Lady Idrls 110,
Howling Dervish 105. Rusk 104, Judfye Denton
99. Haven Run 99, Ben Hullum 115,- Dr. Scharff
115, Sharp Bird US, Mary Clark 100. Mrs.
WifCK? 103, Tom Crabb 110. Dr. Burns 115, Bird
Pond 101. Rosecourt 110. Weird 115.
Third race, six furloncs. allowances.' three
year-olds—Sardian IDS. Will Shelly 106. Mlmo
102, DeuUchland 105. Dolly Gray 106, Mallory
10P, Ley "Dorsey 102, E«l Ball 1C2.
Fourth race, one rind a sixteenth miles, han
dicap, and up — Flintlock 103,
Leenja. 87, Bessie McCarthy 104, Brulare lftj,
Josie F 94. Crolx d'Or 109. Dan McKenna 114.
Mcns. Beaucalre 113. (Brulare and Mons.
Beaucaire. Harden entry.)
Fifth race, five furlong-s. allowances, two
year-olds—Kiowa Chief 103, Walnut Hill 111,
"\V. P. Palmer 103, .lehane 10.1, Toupee 103.
Sanctum 100, Miss Crawford 108, Pilgrim Girl
103, Columbia Girl 10S, Tootsle Mack 103. Laura
10." Ben Adkins ICS. Moulin Route 103.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing, three-year-olds and up — Feronla 93. Rosc'er
Smith 1)4 Wilhelmlna 01. False 102. Valeat 105.
Pat llorrtssey 1C2, Optimo 100, Hegira 04, Sub
marine 97, Varna Fonso 00, Star Gazer 102,
Baronet 106, Stlns 102, Pyrrho 102.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
• By the Is'ew York Telegraph.
First race — Bugle Horn, Enigma,
Thank Heaven.
Second race — Sharp Bird, Ben Hul
lum, Dr. Scharff. •
Third race — Dolly Gray, Sardian,
Mallory.
Fourth race — Flint Lock, Dan Mc-
Kenna, Leenja.
Fifth race— Ben Adkins, Columbia
Girl, Miss Crawford.
Sixth race^ — Hegira, Sting, Star
Gazer. v T ¦"..
ATHLETES SHOW
MARKED SKILL
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 20. —The -special
purse of $500 hung up for Kenllwprth and
Blissful as a result of the disputed de
cision on last Saturday, when the Judges
placed Kenilworth first and it looked as
if Blissful clearly won by nearly, a length,
jras the feature at the track this after
noon.
As E. B. Smith, owner of Blissful, ob
jected to the regular officials. Joseph
Chanslor. Lee Blasingame and R. ." D.
Havey, acted as judges on this occasion
at the' association's request: The books
laid 1 to 3 on Kenilworth, which horse
carried 120. and 2 to 1 on Blissful with 104
in the sa,ddle.
Time has worked changes since last the
pair met. Saturday the hottest sort of a
tip existed in Innermost horse circles on
Blissful, but to-day the educated ones all
strung their coin on the chances of
Stover's bird. Then again Willie See,
who rode Kenilworth, had eviden/ly been
handed a new set of Instructions. In the
Pasadena stake, he' began taking his
mount back almost from the start, let
ting Blifsful breeze away in front. .This
afternoon a blind man could have sep
arated them at the wire over a phone.
Kenilworth stood the filly on her head
the first quarter, run in 23%, and then
skimmed by. the Judges in 1:13%.
The race excited little interest, and If
It was placed on the card to vindicate
the Judges for Saturday's . blunder the
public did not show approval by any
ostentatious display over the winner.
Four out of five took purses, but the
odds laid are so clnchy It matters • little
to the books. The attendance was only
fair. Considerable interest was mani
fested In the Los Angeles stakes for 2:15
class pacers. The Washington horse.
Tidal Wave, owned by S. S. Bailey of
Seattle, ruled a pronounced choice in the
auction pooling, but had to be content
with second money. High Ball, a son of
the old Orange County favorite, Silkwood.
driven by Vance, won the first heat in
2:li l z without lashing up. The next two
were a repetition of the first, the black
fellow being almost pulled to a walk to
keep from distancing the field.
Leonado, a youngster by Vlnctor,
showed a high turn of speed in the two
year-old sprint, but he died away In the
stretch. Metlakatla was installed a 9
to 10 favorite, but as first choices have
fared badly of late her rather easy vic
tory over Red Cross Nurse and Joe
Smith evoked little enthusiasm-' Lester
Reiff's colt, Turtle, did not get away
from the barrier.
There was no favorite for the first run
ning affair, a five and a half furlong
scramble, with a trashy bunch of cheap
ones going to the barrier, 2 and 3 to 1
being offered about anything that had a
chance. The winner turned up in Urbano,
a 3 to 1 shot, trained by Charley Tupper
and ridden by a lad named Pussey. Bi
cycle took the place from Annie F, the
pacemaker. Martin Brady lacked the
speed of his namesake.
Ira Powell finished first on Step Around,
a Hal chance for the fourth running
affair. Jimmy Boland had Adnor in front
to the stretch turn, where the gelding
began bleeding and fell out of it. Step
Around then assumed the front position,
leading out the 3 to 2 favorite. Chileno.
with something to spare. Roltaire was
third.
Jockey Waterbury met with more suc
cess on the next favorite. He had the
leg up on El Oriente, the 6 to 5 choice
for the mile and fifty yard selling num
ber, and reached the wire an easy first
over George Dewey and Dr. Shorb. The
latter gelding will win some day with a
capable rider in the saddle. Tizona made
the running for half a mile and then re
tired.
The ring did get quite a shaking up
when Escalante won the concluding
sprint. The ex-Baldwin horse ran in the
name of C. H. Patten and. heavily sup
ported at 4 to 5, rattled off six furlongs
in 1:13. Americano, never very bother
some, disposed of Laureatea for place
honors. Father Wentker was knocked
out of It in the start.
F. E. MULHOLLAND.
THE SUMMARIES.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 20.— Weather fine.
track fast. Summary:
Five and a half furlongs, selling— nrbano,
10i» <Puss«-y).,3 to 1, won; Bicycle. 103 (Kunz).
S to 1, second; Annie F. 109 (Hildebrand) 12
to 1. third. Time. l:09»4. Martin Brady.
Honduras. Penance. Catnulos The Devil ' II,
Oklahoma Belle and Norwalk II also ran
Six furlongs, special, value to first $500 —
Kenllworth. 120 (See). 1 to 3. won; Blissful.
104 (Waterbury). 2 to 1, second. Time,
1:13%. Only two starters.
Five furlongs, selling — Metlakatla 114
(Chandler). 8 to 10. won; Red Cross Xurse,
112 (Frawley). 2 to I. second; Sol Smith 107
(I. Powell), 7 to 1. third. Time, 1:02. Chas-
Schweizcr. Leonado. Annie Marie and Turtle
also ran. .-¦
Five and a half furlongs, selling — Step
Around. 114 (I. Powell). 4 to I. won: Chileno.
119 (Waterbury). 3 to 2. second; RoltaJre. 119
(J. Lewis). 15 to 1. third. Time. 1:08%.
Achilles. Phrz Barbara and Adnor also ran.
One mile and fifty yards, selling — El Oriente
114 (Waterbury). 6 to 6. won; Geo. Dewey,
114 (L -Powell),' 2 to 1. #e«md; Dr.- Shorb, 114
(Smart). 15 to 5. third. Time, 1:43%. Tizona
and Miss Vera also ran.
Six furlongs — Escalante. 10T (Waterbury),
3 to 6 won: Americano. 106 (I. Powell). 3 to
1 eecond: Laureatea. 104 (Kunz). 6 to 1,
third. Time. 1 :13. Fatlfer Wentker. Dr.
Worth and Inspirator also ran.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 20.— Entries for to
morrow:
LOS ANGELES ENTRIES.
First race, the Catalina Stakes.' 2:27 trot.
$500— Babe Anfly McKlnney. Jupiter B, Ma
mie Elizabeth. Rosie Woodbum, Sutter, Zom
bowyette. Louise Croner.
Second race, selling, five and a half furlongs
— Pilon 111. Nona B 114, Blue Miracle 109,
King Dellis 117. Mary Nance 114, Teufel 114,
Esternell 11*. Madame Bl«hop 114, Judge Nap
ton 114.
Third race. Chanrtor Selling Stakes, seven
eighths of a mile — Miracle II 97, Grail 99. H.
F. Tarpey 105, E. H. lirattaln 105, Heather
Honey 94, Camba ceres 109.
Fourth race, handicap, two-year-olds, five
furlongs— Felipe Lugo 115, Pat Bulger 102,
Toltec 90, Rceseric 85, Fox Lake 118, Lustlg
100, Leonado 85. Annie Harle 97, B&nquero 104.
. Fifth race, selling, one and a sixteenth
miles — Tizona 107. Erne 101. Louwelsea 101,
In\1ctUB 107. Homage 107 Sherry OS. ¦ Dwight
Way 107. George Dewey 107.
Sixth race. Mlllng, six furlongs — The Miller
112. Thlebe 112. Respirator 112, Tower of Can
dles 107. Best Man 112. Estado 112. Haresa 112.
Actor Faversham Is Still HI.
LOtTISVILLE, Ky., Oct. 20.— William
Faversham, the actor, is still ill. arid
could not appear In '"Iropradence" a j
Macauley's Theater to-night. Louisville
doctors diagnosed the case as a mild form
of ptomaine poisoning, supposed to have
been caused by pork eaten by Faversham
at dinner Sunday. They announced that
he would be able to give a performance
to-morrow. .
NEW YORK, Oct. 20.— Sir Hnery Irv
tng and the members of his theatrical
company arrived to-day on the, steamer
Minneapolis from London.
Henry Irving Arrives From London.
The Olympic Athletic Club gymnasium
was thronged with fashionably gowned
women and with men in conventional at
tire last night, the occasion being in hon
or of the vlsltine bankers.
Leader John J. Gleason had prepared a
programme in which music and athletics
were so skillfully blended as to maintain
the interest of thdse In attendance
throughout.
After an overture by the orchestra
George Braun, T. Tschumi, M. F. Rapp
and C. Pentony, four clever pupils of
"Wrestling Instructor George Miehling,
gave an interesting exhibition on the mat.
They illustrated . all the locks ; and holds
in rapid succession.
The Press Club quartet, made.up of -A.
E. McMillan, R. ,A. Hunt. 1 George R.
King and R. E; Keene, rendered several
pleasing selections. They were followed
by Messrs, Toohig and Olsen In a com
edy acrobatic act.
Homer Henley rendered in . dashing
style the "Song of the Sword," the words
Frank. Rodolph sang sweetly and was
twice - encored. A quartet of boxers,
coached by DeWitt Vancourt, then held
the center of the stage. They Were James
Collln3, Robert Cairns, George . Murray
and Bert Marsh. ' Although , the gloves
were large, the boxers' lips were; flecked
with blood, showing the blows - landed
were not -all 'love taps..
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Reliance, Sonoma Bell,
Champlain.
Second race — Highlander, Pari
sienne, Sambo. 'S_
Third race — Salvatella, Eugenia
Burch, Stamping Ground.
Fourth race — Ocean Tide, Lux
Casta, Lady Amelia.
Fifth race — Flammula, For Luck,
Golden Drop. 4'..:
Sixth race — Outsider, Highlander,
Irene Lindsey.
BRIGHTON SELECTION.
chord 00, Belle of Portland 99, Palette 100, High
Heels 00. For Luck 110.
Sixth race, one r.nd a sixteenth miles, sell
ing—Lady Potentate 100. Grantsdale 90. High
lander 10(5. G. Whlttler 104. Hyland 103. Irene
LJndsey 1<>3, Bob Hllliard 85, Carbuncle 10S,
Outsider 05, Wild Pirate 104.
After a long wait It was announced that
holders of reserved seat tickets could pre
sent their checks at the box office and
get tickets entitling them to admission to
the fight between Al Neill and "Dixie,",
which would take place between Novem
ber. 1 and 10. The "Kid" said, howevqy,
he had appeared in good faith, and that
he would not fight before the Sequoia
Club in November, or any other time.
The police cleared the hall. .
In the first preliminary between Bobby
Johnson and Jack Evans, Johnson
knocked Evans out in the fifth round.
Mike McClure and Jack Sloane started,
but Sloane knew nothing about the game.
His seconds threw up the sponge in the
second round.
Al Neill and the "Dixie Kid" did not
meet last night at the Sequoia Athletic
Club, Oakland. Nelll was reported ill.
and a physician sent word it would be
Impossible for"* the fighter to appear.
The "Dixie Kid" was at the club prepared
to go on. An attempt was made to get
Harry Foley to take NeJll's place, but
Foley refused on the plea of not being in
condition.
NEIXL FAILS TO APPEAB.
Joe MiPett and Al Welnig are training
steadily for their meeting in Oakland be
fore the Reliance Club. Millett shows
wonderful improvement in his training
and is expected to render a good account
of himself.
Seiger is anxious to fight Britt and will
entertain no other proposition while the
Callfornian expresses his willingness to
carry out his part of their contract.
Frank Neil sustained an injury to the
nose during his recent fight with Reagan
in Los Angeles which will keep him out
of the rlnz for some time.
Canole Is matched to fight Jimmy Britt
at Coima on November 13. The arena at
the latter place is going up slowly and
at the present rate of progress will hard
ly be ready in season for the fight. The
framework is up and the balcony is out
lined, but there Is much to be done yet.
The clouds about the Brltt-Seiger fight
are beginning to rise. The San Francisco
Athletic Club managers and the princi
pals are anxious to carry out the original
programme and seem in a fair way of
doing so. The present arrangement Is
to ask the Supervisors to allow the club
to promote the fight on November 10. It
1? ejected there' will be n^ opposition
to this, there having been no fight this
month. If this date Is finally fixed and
the Canole fight is also on Britt will
have his hands full, especially In view
of the fact that his injured foot will be
a matter of concern to him.
The boxing situation was further com
plicated yesterday by the arrival of Mar
tin Canole, the rising young Boston light
weight, of whom much Is expected. He
came west with a manager and a trainer
at thn instance of the Colma Athletic
Club.
Errors — Townsend. Graham. Stolen bases—
O'Hara, Gorton. Townsend. Murdock. Three
base hit — Egan. Two-base hits — Schwartz,
Fitzgerald. Townsend. Sacrifice hits — IIil«l._—
brand. Devereaux. First base on errors—Oak
land 1. First base on called balls — Off Cooper
5. off Fitzgerald 4. Left en bases — Oakland ::.
Sacramento 9. Struck out — By Cooper 3. vy
Fitzgerald 4. Hit by " pitcher — Townsend.
Double plays — Devereaux to Schwartz to Mes
serly. Time of game — 2 hours. Umplra — Mc-
Donald.
Sacramento 0 02020000 0 — 4
Base hits 0 04120010 1— 1>
Oakland 3 O 0 0 0 0 1 O 0 0 — I
Base hits 3 00000100 0 — 1
SUMMARY.
AB. R. H. P.A.| AB. R. H. P.A.
O'Hara.cf.5 115 0Casey.2b. 4 1112
M»kmn.If 4 0 0 1 OHildM.lf 4 1 1 2 l»
Bchwz.2b 4 0 15 fM'Uhn.c.4 1 13 0
Murdk.rf 3 10 3 0- fr wnsd.lb 3 12 0 0
Mrtnke.3b.4 10 0 I Egan.ss. 4 0 13 4
Msrly.lb. 3 1 1 10 l!Shehn.3b 5 0 0 0 4
Devrx.ss. 3 0 0 3 3 Orahm.c. 4 0 2 9 2
Gorton.c. 2 0 13 OIHogan.rf 4 0 0 2 0
Cooper.p. 4 0 0 0 5 Ftzgrld.p 4 0 112
32 4 4 30 13 Totals 36 4 9 30 14
RUNS AND HITS BT IN'XIKGS.
The^Senatorg did not land till the third,
when Casey, Hildebrand and McLaughlln
each singled, filling the bags. Townsend
hit to Deveraux. who touched second and
lined It to third, completing a double.
Hildebrand scored on the play. Just then
Truck Egan tore off a triple to left,
scoring Hildebrand.
Then there was a lull till the fifth.
when, the Senators squeezed two more
over. McLaughlin sparred for time and
was given a pass. Townsend swung at a
wild one and away It scooted over sec
ond. It turned out to be a double and
was good enough to bring Mac in. Hogan
accidentally forced one In the same place
and Townsend made the trip to the plate.
No more runs showed till the cripples
created a deadlock in the seventh. Mes
serly walked and Devereaux sacrificed.
Gorton was there with the big drive
past Casey and Mes3erly came to the
pan. tangling up the score so that It
could not be undone again. The score:
Oakland — r * ¦ •- I Sacramento —
Mike Fisher piloted hit Senatorial ball
tossers all the way from the wilds of
Portland to the still wilder suburbs of
Oakland yesterday afternoon. After that
pilgrimage the best they got was a tie
In ten spasmodic rounds. The cripples
should have beer) beaten, but they stood
In with dame fortune. Score 4 to 4.
Fitzgerald pitched remarkable ball. In
asmuch as the cripples only got to him
for as many hits as they made runs. Two
errors, however, made up for the defi
ciency In base hits. Cooper was wild
and was hit safely nine times, 'but the
Senators did not move with any more
speed than the proverbial ice wagon
when they landed on the bases.
Peter's followers did most of their ag
gressive work in the first round. O'Hara
opened up the Jack pot with a drive to
right field,, and Mosklman fanned.
Schwartz binged It out to the fence and
O'Hara tore over the sacks till he reached
the rubber. Murdock forced Schwartz at
third and went to second while the latter
was being run down.
Martinke hit a hot one to Sheehan.
He winged it to first In a hurry, but
Townsend dropped the ball and let it go
through him and Murdock hotfooted to
the pan. Then Martinke stole and ar
rived on Messerly's drive over second
base. . . •*•
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs, selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to 5— Bummer II.. 1C3 (Wilson). 1 1 1 h
2 to 1— Stemwlnder 100 (Booker) 6 2 2 h
15 to 1— Eva's Darling 102 (Plak) 0 ,5 3 1
Time 1:1.1 3-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, C A. Johnson & Co's ch. h. by Reg-
Istcr-Emma Gregg. Ledas 107. Spec 102, Mar
co 97 Mary Lavana 10S. Jim Hale 113.
Barkeimore 104. Ponca 104. Safeguard 10«,
Angelo 10« Marineuse- 117. Frank Rice 105,
also ran.
FIFTH RACE— One and an eighth miles,
selling:. - ,
Betting.' Hor«<\ Weight. Jockey. St. % Fir..
12 to , r >— Eda Riley. 10S (Wolff).. 5 4 lh
GO to 1— Antolee. 103 (G. Bonner). 4 3 2h
IS to 1— Dodie S, 102 (J. Booker) 2 5 3 h
Time 1:52 4-0 Start good. Won driving.
Winner. K. D. Orr"s ch. m. by Cayuga-Edlth.
Fingal 102, Attllla 102. Bard of Avon 103. Al
fred C. 102. also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs, handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin. '
11 to 2— Schwalbe 102 (Adklns).. 5 1 1 nk
5 to 1— Ethylene, 100 (Minder).. 4 6.22
15 to 1— Callant. 100 <H. Phillips). 6 4 3 nk
Time. 1:2G 2-5 Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, B. Schreiber's br. f. by Saln-Grati
tude Olympian 115 Boaster 95. Ancke 1C0,
Nitrate 100, Stuyve '105, Premus 90, Lucy E
S £0, also ran.
THIRD RACE — One mile, selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Kin.
5 to 2— Glenrlce. 97 (Wilson)..... 15 11
3 to 2 — Ocean Dream, 103 (Polock) 2 3 2 B
CO to 1— Sir Launcelot,100(D.Hall) 7 2 3 1 '
Time, 1:40 4-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, J. C. Gray & Co.'s b. f. by Dr. Klce-
Glenore. Harvester 08, Lampoon 101. Lady
Matchless 98, Christine A 05, Calcutta 100,
Duchess if anna 100 and Odran 98 also ran.
Time, 1:53 2-6. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. J. J. Greelqy's ch. g. by Topgallant-
IXphony. Compass 103, Give All 103. Jena
98. Lady Chorister 103 and Galathee 106 also
ran.
SECONT> RACE— One and a sixteenth miles,
selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. kSt. % Fin.
0 to 1— El Ghor, 103 (Ferrell)...; 7 3 1 h
7 to 10— Ivernia. 103 (D. Hall).. 112 4'
5 to 1 — Bluemint, OS (R. Taylor).. 3 2 3 3
track was too hard for him.
The day was an Ideal one and, although
the card was of the ordinary kind, a fair
sized crowd attended. Glenrlce and Bum
mer were the only winning favorites.
Summary:
FIRST RACE— One mile, purse: ;
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— I Know. 105 (Ferrell) 2 2 1 2Vj
0 to 2— Coruscate, 0C (J. Booker). 5.1 2 2Va
1« to 1 — Dolly Hayman, 9C (Lowe). 5 7 3 2
Time, 1:40. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. F. E. Burnell's ch. m. by St. Charles-
AsFlstance. Sarah Maxim 06. Lacy Crawford
90, Postmaster Wright 103, Talpa 100 and
Hay ward Hunter 100 also ran. ;'
CHICAGO, Oct. 20.— Barney Schrleber's
Schwalbe, at 11 to 2, won the seven
furlong handicap at Worth to-day. Ethy
lene, at 5 to 1, was second,' and Callant
third, a neck In "front of the favorite,
Olympian.. Schwalbe broke Hying, pushed
to tho front andy was never headed, al
though she was out to the last ounce to
win by a. neck.
Olympian was backed from 4 to 1 to
16 to 5. making him post favorite. He
tried to keep up with Schwalbe. and this
took all the sceed out of him, so that
he quit badly In the final furlong. The
Special Dispatch to The Call
Postponed Fight Will Prob
ably Be Held Next
Captures the Memphis Gold
Cup in Straight Heats in
Ordinary Time.
Time Works Changes Since
the Dispute Over a
Decision.
Peter's Men Are Lucky and
Fisher's Followers Slow
on Bases.
Gets Away From the Post
Badly and Then Wins
on the Wire.
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin
5 to 1— All Gold. 105 (Redfern).. 5 2 1 l'i
40 to 1— Xelther One. 102 (Wnwrgt) 1 3 2 1%
20 to 1— Charmel, 97 (O'Brien). ..1.1 0 3 h
Tim«\ 1:14 2-5. Start fair. Won easily
Winner. W. L. Oliver's ch. h. by Rayon d'Or-
Merry Nelly. Athlana 07, Red Damsel 103
Queen Elizabeth 104. Contend 103. Moderator
100. Kinnlklnnic 102. Uttle Jack Horner 103
Effle Sheppard 102, Heir Apparent 102. Lady
Albercraft 102, Many Thanks 102. also ran
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; gelling- two
year-olds.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. K Fin
Even— Bobadil. 1CS (O-JCeill) 5 3 1 h
15 to 1— Orthodox. 102 (J. Jones).. 7 1 2 *»
15 to 1 — Oolden Drop, luu (Fuller) 3 6 3 U,
Time, 1:14. start bad. Wen drivinj. Win
ner. J. A. Drake's b. c. by Deceiver-Brune
Ostrich 112. Aurumastfr JW. Colleen Bawn 105
Outcome 111. Monster 107, Gay Lothario 102
Ogrntz 102, Algonquin 09, Tcmcod 108, Adri
utha 1)9. nl«o ran.
FOURTH RACE— The Brighton cup; two and
a quarter miles.
IJettlng. 'Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin
8 to 5— Harml?, 124 • (Redrern) 1 2 18
0 to 5 — M. Daingern>]d, 124 (Odom) 2 12 3
4 to 1— Igniter. 124 (Hicks) 4 3 3 "0
Time. 3:58 2-.V Start good. . \Von easily
winner. E. R. Thomas' ch. c. by Hermence-
Katy of the West. Allan 10S also ran.
mlT«? RD RACE ~ Selllng - one and a "t^teenth
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. -V. Fin
5 J° 1-Stroller. 100 (Connell):... 3 . i* j «
i . to 2— Ernest rarham. 10C (Fulr) 2 4 2 n
' Ti^T^*?-^-- "I 1 2 31
winJT * U ' « °;™- Start Bood - Won cleverly.
Winner. E. R. Thomas' b. g by Ornament-
Promrnade. Mabel Richardson 100 Ethlc^lO*!
2tI' la £ U i CaIthn< ™ l«0. Locket 104 Dr jut
Mil 00. Trepan 102. Cincinnatus 03. April
SSS^SKfflK; 10 °- Our Xugeet 10 °- st -
and £.?£?«, R AC&-Selllngr. 2-year-old' fillies
Kettin. if B< v % and a half
12 to 1 vr£5S} \ Vet ? ht - Jockey. St. % Fin.
i t« j— V^oodshade. 0-1 (j. Jones). ti 4 1 h
NEW YORK. Oct. 2O.-The Brighton
cup of $9000, the last big handicap of the
year, was run at Brighton Beach to-day
and 15,000 persons saw Kermis, at 8 to 6,
win by eight lengths. The time,
3.53 2-5, was excellent- and was next to
the best ever run for the 1 stake. Sum
mary:
>.Sih s Si.2? CB - Hail<ilc «'- °~ »»i • •¦»
wSSl v s~K start <**¦ w «» *m°«.
wS IKS" b L,A "g.S"5?-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Millionaire Thomas' Race
horse Wins by Eight
Schwalbe Breaks Flying and
. Lasts Long Enough to
Win by Neck.
Olympian Not in the
Money in Handicap
. at Worth.
"Killing" Is Made on the
Gelding at St.
Lou Dillon Gives Major
Delmar a Decisive
Beating.
His Arrival Further
Complicates Boxing •
Situation. •
Cripples and Senators
Fail to Settle Dif
ferences.
Special Purse Affair at
Los Angeles Not
Exciting.
Eastern Turf Classic
Supplies a Poor
/ Contest.
HERMIS TAKES
BRIGHTON CUP
CANOLE IS HERE
TO MEET BRITT
BILLINGS' MARE
WINS THE RACE
CAPTAIN GASTON
HEAVILY BACKED
RACE IS EASY
FOR KENILWORTH
DARKNESS ENDS
SAME IN TENTH
SCHORR'S HOHSE
RUNS UNPLACED
LOU DILLON OUTFOOTS MAJOR DELMAR IN A RACE TO WAGON FOR MEMPHIS GOLD CUP, OWNERS DRIVING
THE SAN FBANCI5CO CAL.L,. WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 21. 1903.
of, .which .were written by, President Wil
liam Greer Harrison of the Olympic Club.
Both the singer and, the song were.ap
plauded.
: There . were \ pyramids by members of
the club, 'a song by: V. ' B. St. John : and
Club swinging to 'round out ' the pro
, gramme. • ' ¦ '
Calif ornlans in "Washinertcm.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 20.— The President
has commuted, to expire immediately, the
sentences of Marshall,- Raines and Har
per, coal miners, who were convicted in
West Virginia on the. charge of resisting
a United States Marshal. They were sen
tenced on June 11, 1903, Marshall and Har
per to Imprisonment for eight months and
Raines to imprisonment for five mlnths in
the Raleigh Jail.
.The commutations, were granted on the
recommendations of the District Attorney
and Judge and Deputy Marshal who was
resisted, • in which recommendations ;the
Attorney General concurred, for the main
reason that five others of the defendants
who. were Jointly indicted and pleaded
guilty received sentences of only three
months and have been discharged. , i
.A further 'reason for commutation Is on
account of the ill-health of the prisoners
and the unsanitary condition of the Jail
where they are confined.
Gives Freedom to Three of the Men
Convicted in West Virginia
Last June.
PRESIDENT COMMUTES
SENTENCES OF MINERS
BRIGHTON" ENTRIES.
NEW YORK. Oct. 20.— Entries:
First racp. six furlonrs. maiden two-year
olds — Reliance 110, Totneys 107, Champlaln 11C
Mohican 110, Alforten 110. Sonoma Belle 107*
Raider 107, Conklingr 110. Strike a Light 110
Hiawatha 110. Exclamation 102. Panlque 1C7*
San P.emo 110. Amelia Richardson 107. Prince
Salm Sa!m 110. Mr. Pickwick 107.
Second race, one and a sixteenth miles sell-
Ing— Baikal 100, Parislenne 104, The Regent
103, Lapldus 98, Nevermore OS, Outsider 105
Mary Worth OS. ' Highlander .111, G.-Whittier
108. Hyland 105, Orloff 97. Ella Snyder 00. Sam
bo 108. Unmask-d 10.S, Hackensack 100, Henry
Clay Rye 100. -Lee KInjr 104.
10
Washington; Oct. 20.— The following
Calif ornlans registered at the hotels to
day: At .the New Wlllard— Mrs. M. C.
Smith, Miss Plllsbury. Mrs. I. VT. Van
SIcklen. Miss' D. Van Sicklen and Master
D. Van Slcklen of San Francisco.
The discovery can be relied upon to cure the
•vonx and most locg standing cases, and It Is
especially urged that men who have been un-
eble to find a. cure before, as well as those who
have not known a happy moment in years, write
at onc« to Doctor H. C. Ilaynor, 885 {Smith
building, Detroit. Mich., and you '-will imme-
diately receive the treatment entirely FISEE,
as well as a scholarly essay on the subject -d<>-
ecrlbinB; all the Fymptoms In detail, sent j>lafti
and securely sealed. Consider that nothing is
impossible In this century of marvelous
achievement*, the century that gave us anti-
toxin and X-rays, and that however doubtful
you may be because of pest failures to find a
permanent cure, yet this may prove the very
thing you have so long sought. Let your re-
epon*e be prompt. DU. H. C. RATKOlt, 865
fccsth building, .Detroit. Mich. •
There ha§ been discovered by a well-known
Detroit ez>ec!aJist a simple, direct and quick
borne method for the cure of euch conditions as
sexual weakness or lost mashood. night logses,
varicocele, shrunken organs, bladder trouble,
diseases of the kidneys and urinary organ*,
prematurity, etc., and eo effective Is It In re-
euits on nvn. even as old ai 85. that It should
at onc« reoommend Itself to every thinkin*
man who suffers In this way. The cure, strange
to pay. ie accomDMebed without the use of drugs,
t-alves, ointments or anything of that kind. And
yet 2t la no mechanical device, but one of the
truly ereat discoveries in materia. medica that
cures without taking anything Into the rtOEi-
acii &nd arouses a glow of warmth, energy and
good reeling ainioet Instantly in the oldest per-
bon.
SENT FREE TO ALL.
Simple Home Method Id Possession of
Detroit Specialist Does Wonders
for Men — Something
Entirely New. . '
WEAK MEN CURED
WITHOUT STOMACH
DRUGGING; FREE
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.First— The Portland Canal. There are two
channels parallel with each other ¦ with four
islands between them. The Canadian conten
tion was that the northern channel should be
adopted. The United States contended for the
southern channel. On tho result of the de
cision depended th© possession of the four Isl
ands — Kannaghunut, Sltklan, Wales and
Pearse. When the tribunal considered this
question the view of the three British com
missioners was that the Canadian contention
waa absolutely unanswerable. A memoran
dum was prepared and read to the commis
sioners, embodying our views and showing
It to be beyond dispute that the Canadian con
tention in this branch of the case should pre
vail and. that the boundary should run to tho
northward of the four Islands, thus giving
them to Canada. Notwithstanding these facts,
the members of the tribunal, other than our
selves have now signed an award giving two
of the ' islands, Kannaghunut and Sltklan, to
the United States. These two Islands are tha
outermost of tho four. They command the
entrance of Portland Canal and the ocean
passage to Port 8lmpson. Their loss wholly
destroys the strategic value to Canada of
Wales and Pearse Islands. There Is. in our
opinion no process of reasoning whereby the
line thus decided upon by the tribunal can be
Justified It was never suggested by the coun.
¦el in the course of argument that such a line
was possible. Either the four Islands belong
to Canada or they belong to the United States.
In the award Lord Alverstone agrees with the
United States commissioners that the islands
shall be divided, giving the two which possess
strategic value to the United States.
Second — The line northward from Portland
Channel." Substantially the Canadian conten
tion regarding this line was that there are
mountains parallel with the coast, within tlw
meaning of the treaty of 1825, and that the
tops of such mountains should be declared the
boundary, the mountains nearest the sea being
taken. The United States' contention waa
that there are no mountains parallel with the
coast within the meaning of the treaty, and
that the boundary must, therefore, be fixed un
der the provisions of the original treaty to ten
leagues and to be run a distance of thirty-five
miles from the chore. Including In the term
"shore" the heads of all inlets, bays, etc. The
tribunal finds that the Canadian contention is
correct as "to, the existence of the mountains
within the terms of .the treaty, but the fruits
of victory have . been taken from Canada by
fixing as a mountain line a row of mountains
so far from the ccast as to give the United
States substantially nearly all the territory la
dispute. . —
-Around the head of the Lynn Canal the line
follows the watershed, somewhat in accordance
with the present provisional boundary.
We are of the opinion that the mountain line
traced by King, the x Dominion ¦ astronomer,
along the coast should have been adopted, . at
least so far as the shores ' of the ' Lynn Canal.
If effect were given to the contention that
Great Britain had been acquiescent In depriv-
?rillV 5 i d h Cl8tO i? of L. the Alaak an boundary
tribunal has been given and. in view of its
character, the people of Canada are In our
Judgment entitled to euch explanation from
us as will enable them to comprehend fully
the manner In which their Interests have been
dealt with We take up the points of the de
cision in the order in which they are present
ed under the treaty under which the tribunal
was constituted :
LONDON. Oct. 20.-The statement- of
Jette and Aylesworth, the Canadian com
missioners, regarding the award is as fol
lows;
Aylesworth f and Jette Explain Their
Refusal to Acquiesce.
DISSENT OF THE CANADIANS.
NEW YORK, Oct. 20.— Another indict
ment was returned to-day against Sam
Parks, the walking delegate. This time
Parks is Indicted for perjury. It being al
leged that he committed the crime during
his own trial.
Another Indictment Against Parks.
BAGB OF THE CANADIANS.
Press Hurls Insults at United States
and Mother Country.
TORONTO, Ont., Oct. 20.— Discussing
the Alaskan boundary decision, the Tele
gram (Independent) says:
The -Alaskan boundary controversy has ended
just as all controversies in which British di
plomacy plays a part must end. In a victory for
a country that Is unscrupulous enough to
claim everything and cunning enough to trade
on the English good will that would sacrifice
anything rather than keep open a cause of dif
ference with the United States.
The "Witness (Liberal) says editorially:
It was as certain as any human question
could be that no commissioner appointed fty
the United States would ro back to their
country having voted to sacrifice Skagway and
Dyea. To make assurance doubly sure the
President sacrificed his dignity by selecting
commissioners who had already publicly and
determinedly committed themselves.
DETROIT, Oct. 20.— The Detroit Cham
ber of Commerce at a general meeting to
night adopted a resolution favoring Can
adian reciprocity and urging the Imme
diate reconvening of the joint high com
mission for the purpose of negotiating a
new reciprocity treaty with Canada,
Favor Canadian Heciprocity.
coast and therefrom not more than ten marine
leagues, was it the intention and meaning of
said convention of 1825 that there should re
main in the exclusive possession' of Russia a
continuous fringe or strip - of roast . on the
mainland not exceeding ten marine leagues In
width, separating the British poMes&lons from
the bays, ports, inlets, havens and waters
of the ocean and extending from the eald point
on the fifty-sixth degree of latltuie north to
a point where such line of demarcation should
Intersect the one hundred and forty-flrst de
gree of longitude west of the meridian of
Greenwich?
6. If the foregoing question should be an
swered in the negative and in the event of
the summit of such mountains proving to be
in places more than ten marine leagues from
the coast, should the width of the lisiere
which was to belong to Russia be measured
(1) from the mainland coast to the ocean
strictly so-called, along a line perpendicular
thereto, or (2) was it the Intention and mean
ing of the raid con\-entlon that where the
mainland coast is Indented by deep inlets
forming part of the territorial wdters of Rus
sia the width of the Hsiere was to be meas
ured (a) from the line of the general direc
tion of the mainland coast or <b) from the line
separating from the waters of the ocean from
the territorial waters of waters, or (c) from
the heads of the aforesaid inlets?
7. What, if any exist, are the mountains
referred to as situated parallel to the coast,
which mountains, when within ten marine
leagues of the coast, are declared to form the
eastern boundary?
The answers to those seven questions
are as follows:
1. The line commences at Cape Muzon.
2. The Portland Channel passes north of
Pearse and Wales Islands and enters the ocean
through TonRas Passage, between Wales and
Sltklan Islands.
8. A straight line to the middle of the en
trance to the Tonga* Pass.
4 A straight . line between Salmon and
Bear rivers, direct to the fifty-sixth parallel of
latitude.
the ocean pasage to Port Simpson, and
destroying the strategic value of Wales
and Pearse islands, which are given to
Canada.
The mountain line adopted as the boun
dary' lies fo far from the coast as to give
the United States substantially all the
territory in dispute. The line completely
clears all the bays and inlets and means
of access to the sea, giving the United
States a complete land barrier., between
Canada and the sea, from the Portland
Canal to Mount St. Eiias. Around the
head of the Lynn Canal the line follows
the watershed, somewhat in accordance
with the present provisional boundary.
In consequence of the attitude main
tained by the Canadian commissioners.
Lord Chief Justice Alverstone decided this
morning to hold no proposed public meet-
Ing of the Alaskan Boundary Commis
sion, but to hand Its decision to Foster
and Slfton, respectively agents of the
American and Canadian Governments.
The Canadian Commissioners not only
declined to sign the award, but said they
would -publicly withdraw from .the com
mission. They, as well as 'the Canadians
connected with the case, are very bitter.
Telegrams from Premier Laurier and
other prominent persons in Canada show
that this sentiment Is shared generally
throughout the Dominion.
Jette and Ayltsworth, in a statement
of their reasons. for refusing to sign the
award, say that ¦ they consider that the
finding of the tribunal regarding the
islands at the entrance of Portland Canal
and the mountain line is not a judicial
one. They add:
We urred our views aa strongly as we were
able, but we havo been compelled to witness
the sacrifice of the interests of Canada. W«
were powerless to prevent it. though satisfied
that the course which the majority was de
termined to pursue In respect to the matters
above cpecially referred to Ignored the just
rights of Canada,
The Canadians almost openly accuse
Lord Alvertsone of partisanship. "When
tho latter presented them to King Ed
ward at Buckingham Palace yesterday the
King endeavored vainly to induce Jette
and Aylesworth to say they were satisfied
or that they accepted the situation, but
the two Canadians declined to in any way
express acquiescence with this view.
They simply shook hands formally and
bowed.
One of . the Canadian Commissioners
afterward said:
This award affects more the relations be
tween the Dominion and the. mother country
than people here B'-«n to realize and almost
marks the parting of the ways — at least to far
as leaving any euch question for England to
decide for us.
A Canadian who has been most inti
mately and prominently associated with
the Alaskan case Bald:
It is the hardest blew the Imperial tls has
ever received. The- place Lori Alverstono filled
was clearly that of agent for the British Go?
eminent. It will be a shock to the Canadian
people to know '.hat, notwithstanding all pro
fessions of friendship and sympathy, the' sol
emn formalltl"* of the International Court
have been used simply for the purpose of band
ing over Canadian territory to the United
States. Canada nas not only been spontan
eous, but zealous In defense of British ter
ritory, and has not hesitated to sacrifice blood
and treasure in defeiise of the motherland.
Ehe mutt now face the fact that, when im
perial interest or friendship require it, her
territory m*jr be . handed ever without the
s!lg:hte«t hesitation. This marks the most seri
ous epoch In the relations botween Canada and
the mother country.
t, . •
DIGEST OF THE DECISION.
Tribunal's Answer to the Seven Ques
tions in Contention.
LONDON, Oct. 20.— The following is an
official digest of the Alaskan decision.
The seven questions submitted to the arbi
trators were:
1. What i« intended aa the point of coia
mencement of the llnef
3. What channel Is the Portland Channel ?
i What courte should the line take from
the point of commencement to the entrance to
Portland Channel?
«. What point on the flf ty»»lxth parallel
The tribunal stated that there was not
sufficient evidence, owing to the absence
of a complete survey, to identify . the
mountains which corresponded to those
intended by the treaty. This contemplates
a further survey of that portion by the
two governments.
From the vicinity. of Devils Thumb the
line runs to the continental watershed,
thence through White and Talya or Chil
koot passes westerly to a mountain in
dicated on the map attached to the treaty
as 6508 feet, thence to another mountain
5800 feet and from that point in a some
what curved line across the head of the
glaciers to Mount Fairweather. This
places the Canadian outpost on the upper
waters of Chllkat River in British ter
ritory and the mining camps of Porcu
pine and Glacier Creek in American ter
ritory. From Mount Fairweather the line
passes', north on high peaks along the
mountains indicated on the map by
Mounts ¦• Pljita, Ruhama and Vancouver
to Mount St. Ellas.
7. The majority of the tribunal have selected
the line of peaks starting at the head of Port
land canal and running along:. the hitch moun
tains, on the .outer edce of the mountains,
shown on the maps of survey made in -1S93,
extending to Mount Whipple and thence along
what Is known as the Hunter line . of 1878,
crossing the Sltklne River about twenty-four
miles north, thence northerly along the north
ern peaks to Kates Needle, from Kates Needle
to tho Devils Thumb.
5. Answered in the affirmative.
6. Required no answer after the fifth ques
tion had been answered In the affirmative.
CANADA'S DISSENTING MEMBERS OF THE ALASKAN TRIBUNAL, AND
MAP SHOWING HOW NEW BOUNDARY GIVES UNITED STATES TWO
STRATEGIC ISLANDS AT MOUTH OF PORTLAND CANAL.
At Newcastle to-night Joseph Chamber
lain .returned to the tariff controversy,
when he addressed an enthusiastic meet
ing 3 of 4000 people, and held hl3 audience
for an hour and a half. A novel feature
of the meeting was a battery of telephone
receivers placed in front of the speaker's
platform, by means of which the speech
was conveyed directly to the offices of
local newspapers. Interest in the tariff
controversy has apparently not abated,
reports on the speech and comments on
it taking precedence In the press of even
the decision of the Alaskan boundary
tribunal. The speech was principally a
reply to criticisms of Chamberlain's pre
vious utterances.
"The private Secretary is commanded to
say that the Kins never expresses any
opinion on. political matters except on
the advice of his responsible Ministers,
and therefore the statement must be in
accurate."
An attempt to draw an expression of
opinion from King Edward on the finance
controversy by letter asking for the truth
of a statement published to the effect
that the King was a free trader and salfl
that he N would regard with great dislike
any proposal for taxing food, has elicit
ed a curtjxgly from Buckingham Palace,
saying:***^*
LONDON, Oct. 20.— The Duke of Devon
shire, until recently Lord President of the
Council, in a published letter, while
acknowledging that the finance question
may require a reconsideration of the Lib
eral-Unionist attitude toward the Gov
ernment, advises the Liberal-Unionists at
present to remain loyal to the Govern
ment, "especially as precautions against
home rule proposals in Parliament are
still necessary."
stone, who Joined the two Americana
commissioners in making the award,
which is final.
There is no possible way for reopening
the question. It is settled for all time.
The only thing remaining to be done is
the marking of the boundary line.
PARIS, Oct. 20.— A Rome correspondent
learns from a trustworthy source that the
Pope has expressed his Intention to open
negotiations, of course unofficially, with
the Italian Government relative to the
basis of a possible modus Vivendi between
church and State, with a view of putting
an end to the fruitless conflict which has
existed between them for many years.
"His Holiness," the correspondent says,
"has been Induced to take this course
partly by his personal convictions, but, to
some extent, also by reasons connected
with his health. He is anxious to be in
a position enabling him to leave the Vati
can, as he has always been accustomed
to an open-air life.
"Before taking this step, which would
appear to all the Catholic world as a con
cession to the kingdom of Italy, the Pope
desires to ascertain the possibility of ob
taining some concession of benefit to the
papacy which would render his action jus
tifiable."
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1903. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
Holds Aloof Prom the
Tariff Controversy
in Britain.
Would End the Conflict
¦ Between Church
and State.
POPE MAY TREAT
WITH QUIRINAL
"WASHINGTON. Oct. 20. — President
Roosevelt has to-day received many con
gratulations on the settlement of the
Alaskan boundary dispute. Notwithstand
ing the refusal of the two Canadian com
missioners to sign the report, no ques
tion can be raised to reopen the dispute
or continue the controversy. The Cana
dian people and Government may be dis
satisfied, but their dissatisfaction must be
with the British Government, which
signed the treaty, and with Judge Alver-
Attitude of Canadians Cannot Affect
the Result.
We have not been aWe to derive any under
standing from our colleagues on the commis
sion as to the principle upon which they have
selected the line of mountains and our ob
servations of the discussions which resulted in
the settlement of this line have led us to the
conclusion that. Instead of resting- on any in
telligible prinrlple, the choice of this line has
been a compromise between opposing and en
tirely Irreconcilable views as to the true
meaning of the original treaty. The result of
this compromise haw. we think, been a dlntlnct
sacrifice of the interests of the Canadians.
"When it was shown that there were mountains
parallel with the coast within the meaning of
the treaty the only logical course, in our Judg
ment was to adopt as a boundary the moun
tains' in the Immediate vicinity of the coast.
Regarding the general question of inlets, the
tribunal finds against the contention of Canada.
Wo are stronely of the opinion that this con
clusion Is wrong and we have put on record
the rfosons for our view in this re»P ec t-
Finally after the six members of the tribu
nal' had each given an Individual Judicial de
cision on each of the questions submitted, we
would have conceived It to be our duty under
the treaty or 1003. however much we might
have differed from our colleagues, to have
"joined in signing the document which consti
tuted the official "record of answers.
We do not consider the finding of the tri
bunal as to the islands at the entrance of Port
land canal or as to the mountain line a judicial
one. We have, therefore, declined to be par
1 Our° posltton during the conferences of the
tribunal has been an unfortunate one. W e have
been In entire accord between ourselves and
have severally and jointly urged our views as
strongly as we have been able, but we have
been compelled to witness the sacrifice of the
Interests of Canada. We were powerless to
prevent It. though BatlsHed that the course
which th* majority was determined to pursue
in respect to the matters above specially re
ferred to Ignored the just rights of Canada,
IX>mD01T DECISION" IS FINAI*.
ing herself of her right to claim the head of
the Lynn Canal, we would have regarded such
conclusion as perhaps an open and reasonable
justification. Xo such position can. however,
be taken regarding the Inlets lower down the
coast. Kings line, running along the coast to
the Lynn Canal, following the watershed,
would have given Canada the heads of the
lower inlets, with at least one fine harbor,
from which easier access to the interior of the
Atlln and Yukon country could have been had.
It would not, so far as we have been made
aware, have taken any territory ever actually
occupied by United States citizens; it would
have given the United States the whole of the
Lynn Canal, including Skagway, Dyea and
Pyramid harbors, and It would have, we think,
been reasonably satisfactory to Canada.
Instead of taking the coast line of moun
tains a line of mountains has been chosen far
back from the coast, clearing completely all
the bays. Inlets, etc. The mountain line
adopted as the boundary line lies so far from
the coast as to give the United States sub
stantially all the territory In dispute. The
line completely clears all the bays and Inlets
and means of access to the s»>a. Riving the
United States a complete land barrier between
Canada and the sea from the Portland Canal
to Mount St. Ellas.
KING VENTURES
NO EXPRESSION
Receiver for Collapsed Concern.
WILMINGTON. Del., Oct. 20.— James H.
Hughes of Dover. Del., was to-day ap
pointed receiver for the International
Bank and Trust Company of America, by
Chancellor Nicholson. Subordinate re
reivers will be appointed later in other
States where the corporation has assets.
JCETK' ORLEANS, Oct. 20.— In an en
counter between a band of negroes led
by a white man and constable's posse
three negroes were killed and seven or
eight wounded near Pecan Grove planta
tion in €t. Charles parish. None of the
posse was hurt. The surviving negroes
and their white leader. Patrick McGce,
f.ed to the swamps and are being searched
for. Further trouble is feared. ,
McGee and the negroes have been work
ing for the Mississippi Valley Railroad.
Recently complaint had been made that
seme of them had contracted debts and
refused to pay. Charges were filed and
a constable went out to see the negroes.
On his way he met John Hinds, a negro
assistant of McGee. who covered him
with & GbotCTin and commanded him to
keep away from the camp. The consta
ble returned to town and organized a
posse. !^ar the camp the posse encoun
tered eighteen of the negroes and Mc-
Gee, all heavily armed. Both sides con
coaled themselves In the high weeds and
a battle of twenty minutes followed. The
negroes and McGee finally lost their nerve
and fled. Th<» bodies of three negroes and
several others wounded were picked up
when the smoke cleared away.
LONDON, Oct. 20.— The engrossed
copy of the Alaskan award waa
signed this afternoon. The Can
adian Commissioners, Aylesworth
and Jette, declined to slffn the
award, but they signed the maps agreed
upon by the majority.
The award relating to the Portland
Canal gives the United States two islands,
Kannaghunut and Sltklan, commanding
the entrance of the Portland channel and
I* tha line to be drawn from tb« head of the
Portland Channel and what course should It
follow between thes* points?
5. In extending the line . of demarcation
northward from said point on the parallel of
the fifty-sixth decree of north latitude fol
lowing the crest of the mountains situated
parallel to the coaat until its Intersection with
the one hundred and forty-flrst degree of long
itude west of Greenwich, subject to the con
dition that If such line should anywhere ex
ceed the distance of ten marine leagues from
the oeean then the boundary between' the
British and Russian territory would be formed
by a line parallel to the stnuosltles of the
Whites Kill Three of Their
Assailants and Wound
Several Others.
Fatal Fight Takes Place
on a Plantation in
Louisiana.
ARMED NEGROES
ATTACK OFFICERS
THE SAN FRANCISGO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1903.
United States Gets Two Islands in Portland Canal Which
Destroy Strategical Value of Those Given to Canada
and Wins .on Every ' Other Question in Dispute
ALASKAN AWARD GIVES THIS NATION
MORE THAN WAS AT FIRST REPORTED
11
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"We want every person in San Francisco who thinks of buying a piano to
see the wonderful assortment of instruments we are showing in our new store,
corner of Kearny and Post streets.
Kohler & Chase values from our upright at $145 to the peerless Knabe can- •
not be eaualed within many dollars by any other house on this coast. Tha
ability of Kohler & Chase to give the best value both wholesale and retail
has continually strengthened its hold on the leadership in the piano and musical
..,-.;•--.. instrument business.
The astonishing success of this house has been the reward of over half a
century of honest dealing and up-to-date, progressive business methods. Mo firm
in the United States has a cleaner reputation for honesty, reliability and llber-
. T allty than Kohler & Chase.
Greater experience, greater capital, greater prestige and a greater output en-
able Kohler & Chase to buy more advantage<nisly than any other house of the
West, hence to give the best value.
In dealing with Kohler & Chase you get the benefit of fifty-three years of r
practical experience and a money saving price which only the immense output
of tho house makes possible. The satisfaction of Its thousands of customers is
the rock upon which the reputation and success of Kohler A Chase is built.
If you wish a moderate priced Instrument we want you to see our piano at
$145 or our ptano at $195 or another at • $2>w. These pianos cannot be bought
elsewhere for less than $50 more than our prices. This statement appears strong,
but we can prove it to any one who will take the trouble to Investigate.
Tickets for violin concert of Otto Spamer to-night now on sale. v
KOHLER & CHASE,
PIANOLA AGENCY,
Now Cop. Post and Kearny. Established 1850.
Another, who looked . the picture of
health, said he never ate a meal without
taking a Stuart Tablet afterward be-
causo he could eat what he pleased and
when he pleased without fear of a sleep-
less night or any other trouble. ¦- •
Still another used them because he was
subject to gas on stomach, causing pres-
sure on heart and lungs, shortness of
breath and distress in chest, which he
no longer, experienced since using the
tablets regularly.
Another claimed that Stuart's Dyspep-
sia Tablets was the only safe remedy he
had ever found for sour stomach and
acidity. He had formerly used' common
soda to relieve the trouble, but the tab-
lets were much better and safer to use.
After, smoking, drinking or other ex-
cesses ! which weaken the digestive or-
gans, nothing restores the stomach to a
healthy.wholesome condition so effectual-
ly as Stuart's Tablets.
Stuart's "Dyspepsia, Tablets contain the
natural digestives, pepsin, diastase, which
every weak stomach lacks, as well as
nux, hydrastin; and 'yellow parilla, and
can. be . ¦¦ safely* relied . on -'as a radical
cure for every form of poor digestion.
Sold by druggists everywhere.
An advertising agent, representing a
prominent New York magazine, while on
a' recent western trip, was dining one
evening in a Plttaburg restaurant
While waiting for his order he glanced
over* his newspaper and noticed the ad-
vertisement of a well known dyspepsia
preparation, Stuart's l>yspepsla Tab-
lets; as he himself was a regular user
of the tablets, he began speculating as
to how many of the other traveling men
in the dining room were also friends of
the popular remedy for indigestion.
He says: I counted twenty-three men
at the tables and in the hotel office I
took the trouble to Interview them and
was surprised to learn' that nine of the
twenty-three made a practice of taking
one or two. of Stuart'a Dyspepsia Tab-
lets after each meal.
One of them told me he had suffered so
much from stomach trouble that at one
time he had been obliged to quit the
road, but since using Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets had been entirely free from, in-
digestion, but he continued their use, eB-
peclally while traveling, on account of
irregularity in meals and because, like all
traveling men he was often obliged to eat
what he coud get and not always what
be wanted.
Interesting Experiment in a Bestau-
rant.
TOOK A STRAW VOTE.
ATVEBTISEMENTS.
EVER GIVE
GRAPE-NUTS.
Your Thinker a Thought?
Funny things happen in this world
rnd now and then some of them make
rtr-e an interested observer, for instance:
Several years ago a man pursued a sys-
tematic course of investigation to dis-
cover wh2t kind of elements the body
would take up from the vegetable king-
dom out of which to make gray matter
in the brain and nerve centers through-
out the body; also how to prepare this
food so that it would be easily digested
and allow Nature to make use of these
elements. So far the proposition was
all right. Question — How to bring all
this about?
It took ever two years' work to solve
the problem successfully. After it was
solved the food was given to many
people and the result watched carefully.
When ai! results were proven beyond
doubt the food was put on the market
under the name of Grape- Xuts. Then
followed public announcement in the
newspapers and magazines that such a
food was in existence, and that it would
perform its intended work.
People all over the world realized the
need of such a food and began purchas-
ing it liberally. It attracted so much
attention that a long list of imitators
sprung up all over the country. They
boiled wheat, roasted it. stewed it,
chopped it. mixed it with rye. malt,
cats, and perhaps hay — we are not
sure— gave it a fantastic name and told
the public it was a "Brain food."
Then, from these imitators, came the
offerings of spoons, knitting needles,
chisaware, pictures, doll babies and even
pianos tq induce people to gorge them-
selves with the various and sundry
things.
Fortunately the most of these imita-
tion foods are harmless and decently
clean so that no real harm is done except
that people who pay out money to se-
cure a food for special service have a
right to expect an equitable return for
that money.
Investigation proves that in practi-
cally all cases where imitations are put
upon the market the men who place
them are untrained and have, no knowl-
frige of the Teal scientific basis of food-
making. If they did have, they would
produce original articles. The very fact
that they make imitations is prima facie
evidence that they have no professional
ability to originate valuable articles
themselves, but must get under the
caves of some originator. .*•¦-:.
\Sp to the present time no prepared
food has appeared, to the knowledge of
the writer, that is made opon the solid,
fundamental, scientific basis of Grape-
Xuts.
In this celebrated food the ris:ht part3
of the wheat and barley are selected,
they pass through various and sundry
mechanical processes (absolutely no
chemical treatment.) In these processes
the starchy elements are slowly trans-
formed into a sugar now known as Post
Sugar. In this form it is ready for im-
•mediate assimilation and transmission
to the blood without taxing the diges-
tive organs. By the blood the elements
which Nature uses for rebuilding: the
soft gray matter in the brain and nerve
centres are carried to the respective
parts and there made use of. while other
elements known as carbohydrates are
carried to the muscles and tissues and
there deposited and held in readiness for
use when energy and warmth are de-
manded. Remember that simply raising
the aim requires the expenditure and
giving off of warmth and energy. Now
then we must have the elements that
supply warmth and energy deposited in
these tissues and muscles else we cannot
release them and make use of them.
These are the missions of Grape-Nuts,
and the person who desires to make use
of the proper rebuilder of brain and
r.trve centres, and keep them' in first-
class working order, and also make use
of a supply of warmth and energy, can
absolutely rely upon securing this serv-
ice if they feed regularly on Grape-Nuts.
The?e are incontrovertible facts dem-
onstrated by actual use by hundreds of
thousands of Anglo-Saxons to-day.
There's a reason and a profound one
for the use of Grape-Nuts. The food is
already cooked at the factory and can be
served instantly with rich cream. It is
delicious and can be made into a great
variety of toothsome dishes after the
recipes found in the recipe book en-
closed In each package.
Attention is also invited to another
very small but "meaty" little book in
each package under the title. "The Road
to WelJvlle."
Grape- Xuts food is made at the Pure
Food Factory of the Postum Cereal
Co., Ltd., and sold all over the world.
©©©o©©oceo«©©e©ooooo£©©oo©oooo©ooo©©oo«»oooo©ooooooooooooo©ooo©o©oooo
Qge0e«oeoft««o99oeeo*Ieeeeeo*oeeeoo®OG®eoeco6oooeooooooeoooeooeooeoeo
|| ; Never know what it is to be restful with a ,«x f^^C^^^^^y §§
cig aching back. You are "all done out" f^A^^^^^^^jll/ Ol>
|| all the time— morning, noon and night the back jM^ffi^^^^^^^bff ••
|g bothers you— sometimes with sharp shooting '^^^^^^^^^^^^^SL: So
pains, sometimes with slow exhaustive aches. Od
|§ Why don't you rid yourself of that "bad So
|| back"? The sure way Is to reach the cause— SS
c « the kidneys. Doan's Kidney Pills cure every yWII/^Wr/^///^^^ •©
©• form of kidney ill from backache to diabetes, JiffjMfflWfiWk «©
|| dropsy, all urinary and bladder disorders //ij/ffi ®°
|| down to that dread destroyer Bright's disease. &d^§ V \ §5
go The test of proof that this is so. - * ***** ••
99 ¦ ' . . ':..;- x. . > d~
If A FREE TRIAL j I n flT1 •p r o T1 niQpA Pynnf It §
|| To San Francisco Call Readers { ™& J? railClSCOriOOl ||
|| • i~ . rr—^J. 88
©O iffij$kk, iDOcin'S 1M§£ I Captain N. Nason, retired, of 3528 Twenty-second ||
|| M\^^S\^^ ne 2C^^^i street, says: "I am not certain whether a fall I met with OO
%% Pills, llpiii some seven years ago was the primary cause of my backache ©o
®° vk I'""""*" vllii' or not, but I noticed from then on I was subject to attacks. 22
09 . ¦"*""« * ™™» ™™ -"¦ ™- Knowing that my kidneys were either sluggish or overexcited ••
G| name j t s t ruc k me if Doan's Kidney Pills were for.^ose organs ••
•© *• ° alone they might help me to tide over a rather severe attack of ©o
99 «T ATC ; backache, and I took a course of the treatment:"** It stopped SS
AA Tor ftt* trial box, mail this coupon to ... 4 . « , -i-» t vr-% li
•• SS2T*uS»^i, I^to o «idiL oa*££*! I tne aching. I will be pleased to recommend Doan s Kidney ••
•f . I**** Jlp " ' Pills when opportunities present themselves." oo
§i©oe©©a©ooc©oo90©e©eooooooo©eoo©«oa©o©oo»o©»ooeo©©oo©ooooooo®oooooo
gSoSSISo5ggSSo0O»o©©©©©o©e©©eo©e©©oeooo©©e®e©oo©©©©oo©oeoe©©©o©e©ooo
DOAN'S SIDNEY FILLS.TO SAIL.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
In the non-auction markets axe two classes
of dealers — the commission and the buyer. For
the former I have more than the ordinary re
spect. I am satisfied a reasonably honest
commission man can earn his commission and
am not so sure the commission trade has a
make-up that Is over 100 per cent worse than
the make-up In any other line of business. The
buyers have their "snap" In the so-called
"t. o. b." business without putting up a cent.
They buy f. o. b. California, and from nine to
twenty days later, on arrival of fruit, they
accept if there is a profit and reject If there
Is a low in eight on the fix of the market at
time of its arrival. If they reject, what's to
do about it? They buy subject to Inspection
on arrival, and if the market is off it is quite
Impossible for them to see any good fruit or
fruit in good condition in the car. If the mar
kets are up the sales go and the shipper. If re
sponsible, dare not divert and got the current
market price; he must keep hands off or be
liable for breach of contract. I have been told
repeatedly by the dealers. In effect, that no
matter what price they paid they would make
a loss almost every time because there Is
enough common to bad fruit In the cars on
which they make more looses than they can
offset by profit made on the good fruit.
In a sense the grower Is a manufacturer. No
other manufacturer Is ass enough to devote
all his time, money and attention to the making
of a product and doing absolutely nothing with
that product but to pack and deliver it. The
people who do the marketing have nothing to
do but to "do" the fruit-grower. The pro
ducer gets mighty poor net returns. Undoubt-
The avowed intent of the honest buyer is to
buy as cheaply as his competitors: else he can
not compete In selling. These people go to the
sales willing to pay full value. A snap is
worked, the price is thereby established and
they cannot afford to and will not pay a
higher price. I could tell much of the work
ins*, but the above will suffice. I guess.
The auction markets have been worked by
parties heavily In the fruit shipping here. They
gather in the fruit here, shipping It to them
selves at their auction, where their hired men
(the auctioneers) dispose of It. They send hired
men to buy at their auction of their hired man.
the auctioneer. Whole carloads, or as much
thereof as the buyer wants. Is the limit of a
purchase on one bid.
Prior to a sale the auctioneer could be told.
"We want a heavy line of fruit to-day; look
often at John." Well, John would get all he
wanted and at his price. I have seen it
swiped day after day. week after week.
Wishing to please a dealer from In or out of
town. It is only necessary to tell the auctioneer
to see him and his bids. If one auctioneer
rebels a little he would be in trouble. He in
working, has a good job. can see on the floor a
friend of his at times and make it pay.
Any Impression that market conditions gov
ern values Is "childlike and bland."
FROM PLACER COUNTY.
erjn Northern California fruit, sends a
long letter, which is. in part, as follows:
COMMUNICATIONS
have been received by
The Call in response
to a circular letter addressed
to !men prominent as fruit
producers in California rel
ative to the proposed inves
tigation by an agent of the
State Board of Trade of
the manner in which the
California farmers are
treated in the markets to
which their products are
sent. A few letters are given
in substance this morning
that show the interest that
is taken in ascertaining the
facts.
Prominent Producers Praise
Board of Trade for Its
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
Bitter experience had taught me something.
Last year I sent fruit to the Eastern market
and got nothing In return for It. AH the re
ceipts were eaten up by those who had it in
chaige. The same is true of my experience
the preceding year. This season was excep
tionally good for prices, but I was determined
not to risk having to send money on to make
up a deficit after getting nothing in return for
my entire fruit crop. I made an agreement
with the commission men to cultivate the
ground, to pick the fruit, to pay the transpor
tation charges and refrigeration charges, to do
all the business, in fact. If there was a de
ficiency then, when they had all the details of
handling and all the fruit also in their own
fcauds. I was not to pay 4t. That was to be
the'.r lookout. The result is that in a great
vear for prices I get back the small percentage
thut $540 is of the $4000 that I know was re
ceived for the fruit.
Now I may add — and my helplessness in thid
regard is no greater than that of nearly every
d<-ciduous fruit grower who ships to the mar
kets — that I do not know what price was ac
tually paid for my fruit; that I do not know
what the transportation charges actually were.
All the knowledge I have is that contained in
the returns made to me. I could accept that
or nothing. I simply handed my fruit ranch
of fifty acres over to the middlemen. They
gave me Just what they had a mind to. But
what could I do? This may seem to be a
queer question— and indeed It seems such to
me, but the facts are as I state them and 6ueh
facts are known to all growers of deciduous
fruits.
The truth Is that we fruit growers In Cali
fornia cannot market fruit on our own account.
The larpe fruit companies have an understand
ing with the refrigeration lines. No one but
these companies can get the cars to move
fruits to market. Therefore we are, under the
present conditions, entirely at their mercy. If
the State Board of Trade can help us. it will
perform a service of Inestimable value to the
fruit growers of California. We all wish It
success.
W. R. Fountain of the Fountaln-Hol
brook Fruit Company of Newcastle, deal-
The Fresno raisin growers early saw the
signs and guarded themselves against
frauds. Their products do. not leave their
warehouses until the check In payment
for them Is produced and there Is no
question of the price to be paid. The
orange growers of Southern California
have also provided means to guard their
own interests. The shippers of deciduous
fruits are the principal sufferers from the
marketing scheme in vogue.
A fruit shipper of large experience yes
terday made a statement of the condi
tions attending his business. During the
season just closed he sent out through
the commission men from Yolo County
fruit that brought $4000, according to the
signed returns that came back to him
from the people in the East who handled
it. From this it must not be supposed
that the grower has received $4000. On
the contrary he got back only. J540. The
remainder was eaten up in transporta
tion, refrigeration, commissions, sacrifice
sales at auction, etc. His crop represent
ed the output of fifty acres. On that ba
sis he received for all his risk, labor and
investment just $10 per acre. This pro
ducer said:
BITTER EXPERIENCE."' : J
It is a matter of common knowledge
that California, if It received Its dues
from its fruit shipments, would Increase
enormously In wealth. Its very richness
has made it the alluring prey for many
sorts of schemers.
by which the California farmers
are deprived of the returns due to them
when their fruit Is marketed.
Soon after the State Board of Trade In
structed Its manager, Arthur R, Briggs,
to report at the next meeting of the board
concerning the cost and feasibility of
sending a representative East to make
the necessary Inquiries, a circular letter
was pent out by The Call, addressed to
leading men in various localities. Of
ficers of boards of trade and other organ
izations, including associations exclusive
ly of fruit growers, were asked to assist
in throwing light on this question of great
public interest. Some responses have been
received.
FRTJTT rrowers in this State are
takln* a lively Interest In the prop
osition of the State - Board of
Trade to probe Into the methods
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct 20— Stmr Georglc,
for Liverpool; stmr Auranla, for Algiers. Na
ples, Venice, etc; utmr Kaiser Wilhelm II, for
Bremen, via Plymouth ,and Cherbourg; stmr
Citta dl Napoll, for Naples.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Oct 20— Stmr Hohen
zollern, from New York, for Naples and
Genoa, and proceeded.
PALERMO— Arrived Oct 10— Stmr Sicilian
Prince, from New York, via St Michael.
LONDON— Sailed Oct 20— Stmr Anglican,
for Boston.
LEGHORN — Arrived Oct 19 — Stmr Hesperla,
from New York, for Genoa.
HAMBURG— Arrived Oct 20— Stmr Deutsch
land. from New York, via Plymouth and Cher
bourg; stmr Palatla. from New York.
BREMEN— Arrived Oct 19— Stmr Kalserin
Maria Theresa, from New York, via Plymouth
and Cherbourg.
ANTWERP— Arrived Oct 20— Stmr Finland,
from New York. s
OCEAN STEAMERS.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Sept 24— Br stmr Ma
chaon. for Liverpool. Oct 17— Br stmr Tartar,
for Vancouver.
Arrived prior to Oct 10 — Br stmr Duke of
Fife, from Vancouver.
CALLAO — Arrived Oct 1 — Ger bark Gudrun,
hence July 2-3.
HAMBURG — Arrived Oct 18 — Ger stmr The
ben, hence April 18.
HOLYHEAD— Arrived Oct 18— Br ship Hou
gomont, Irom Liverpool, for Vancouver.
MONTEVIDEO— Sailed Sept 2S>— Ger stmr
Numantla, for Hamburg.
SANTA ROSALIA— Sailed SeDt 26— Ger bark
Atnlantn. for Eureka, Cal.
NAGASAKI — Sailed Oct 17— U S stmr
Thomas, for San Francisco, via Honolulu.
HAKODATE— Arrived Oct 19— Schr Forest
Home, from Taku.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed Oct 20— Ship
Henry Villard. for Honolulu.
CORONEL— Sailed Oct 14— Stmr Minnewas
ka. for New York.
GUAYMAS— Sailed Oct 18 — Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORT.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Arrived Oct
20 — Ship Edward Sewall, from Honolulu, and
ordered to Philadelphia.
All of the fruit that has been shipped from
this section for several years past has been
sold to the shipper at an agreed price.
No fruit grower here will deliver his fruit to
any rxrson unless the price Is agreed on be
forehand. The experience of shippers who have
pent fruit East on consignment has compelled
them to stop shipping any fruit In this way.-
When the Eastern demand is good then there
is no difficulty in finding buyers for suitable
fruit, and at fair prices.
Our fruit men have had troubles such as you
suggest, but they believe they art at an end.
through the recently organized Fruit Agency,
which will handle 95 per cent of our crop of
fruit and which Is almost exclusively oranges.
Under the new arrangement nothing will be
consigned. Those best Informed believe that
the check placed about the agency's agents will
entirely prevent any loss from that source.
The agency will have an agent at large, with
headquarters at Chicago, who, it Is believed.
In as competent and reliable a man as can be
selected. However, the advisability and value
of sending an agent to learn the facts, as is
proposed. Is conceded.
E. T. Reynolds writes from the Chlco
Chamber of Commerce, of which he is the
president:
1 will suggest one matter: In my opinion wn
are not doing what we ought to do, which i» to
advertise California citrus fruits, both in the
East and in foreign countries, and I hope that
if an agent is sent out he will consider this
point in connection with other points of mar
keting that he may investigate.
Secretary Thaxter in a communication
writes from Redlands:
The organization that I represent, being af-i
flliated with the Southern California Fruit Ex
change branch of the California Fruit Agency,
our growers have at all times full Informa
tion as to the marketing of their products, all
fruits being handled by our own salaried
agents. Before the days of co-operation, the
experiences of orange growers were practically
the same, to wit: They gave their fruit to a
commission house and got any money that the
commission men chose to give them, knowing
nothing as to the price that their fruit really
sold for. I hope most sincerely that the In
vestigation will be undertaken, as facts, from
the other end are always valuable, and will, I
feel sure, help the cause of co-operative mar
keting. It may also be of great value to us
by suggesting Improvements to our present sys
tem.
The fruit growers of Placer and many others
from all parts of California with whom Ihavo
conversed since green fruit has been shipped
to the East would feel grateful to any insti
tution that would perform the meritorious work
to show what becomes of the difference of the
money paid by the consumer and that which
the California growers receive. It is only by
thorough Investigation that this problem can
be solved. The grower, as a rule, has not the
ability nor the time to do this, and I can speak
for him that he will be only too grateful to
whoever does this great work. I shall ask
leading fruit growers to give you their expe
rience.
How the fruits of Southern California
are marketed is told in letters that have
been received by The Call from W. E.
Sprott, secretary and manager of the Tu
lare County Citrus Fruit Exchange, and
G. C. Thaxter, secretary of the Redlands
Board of Trade. ' Mr. Sprott hopes that
the proposed investigation will be under
taken, as it will help the cause of co
operative marketing. His communication
is as follows:
Robert Hector, chairman ot the Immi
gration and advertising committee of the
Placer County Improvement and Develop
ment Association, a prominent fruit
grower, •writes: •
ROBERT HECTOR'S VIEW.
edly a remedy may b« found. Undoubtedly the
owner of a property must take an interest In
It and do something to take care of it. C° U »J
the orchard properties in each county be merged
or bunched up into a company to market the
fruit, be incorporated probably and stock and
some cash paid to each owner. of an orchard
on the basis of a fixed amount per hundred
trees in full bearing? It's quite too biff a nut
for me to crack. We have the soil, cmnfUe
orchards and good, biff crops regularly. Plant
ing; more trees will increase the output, but do
we want the output increased? In my opinion
we do not, and to promote such planting is
near enough to the criminal. When we have
learned to market our property: when we have
taught the Southern Pacific Company to not
sell the exclusive privilege of. refrigerator serv
ice and support it by an all-summer go a« you
please service; when we have taught them to
furnish suitable care for fruit as they do for
livestock or any product and to give a quicK
service for the fruit or pay the losses of every
delay; when we have taught ourselves to be a
factor In the marketing, then we can get the
proceeds and know whether or no it Is good
business to produce more fruit.
FRUIT MARKETING INVESTIGATION
AWAKENS INTEREST IN THE INTERIOR
HIS LAST LENGTH
OF ALASKA CABLE
Big Freighter American
Arrive^ Prom New
York.
Meets With Snowstorms in
the Straits of Ma
gellan. %iy
The American-Hawaiian Company's big
freighter American. Captain Coleord. ar
rived yesterday, fifty-nine days from New
York and twenty-one days from. Coronel.
The American came into port Bhowing
very little freeboard on account of the
¦weight of merchandise In her spacious
holds. In addition to 6000 tons of general
cargo she brought 750 miles of Govern
ment cable to be used In completing the
circuit of telegraphic communication be
tween Alaska and Seattle.
J"ho officers of the American learned
only yesterday the result of the yacht
races for the America's cup. The heavily
Uden freighter left Xew York on the sec
ond day cf the races arid had the greatest
fiiSculty In threading- her -way through
the fleet of excursion boats out to follow
the contest.
In the Straits cf Magellan the American
encountered some heavy snow squalls, on
account of which she was three times
compelled to come to anchor. She was
nearly three days passing through the
Strait*.
Tacoma Beady for Trial.
'The new cruiser Tacoma, built for Uncle
6aa at the Union Iron Works, is almost ready
for her preliminary trial. In about a week
Ehe will i>e given a spin in the harbor and
about a week alter that, or Just sm soon as
ehe can be prepared for sea, ehe will be
tcken to the Santa Barbara Channel and there
X>ut through her paces.
The Tacoma is something of an experiment,
•o far as the United States navy is concerned,
i.r.'i h.r-r triaJ and subsequent tx-ha-vior will
be watched by naval experts with considerable
Interest. She is a steel vessel, but belou- the
water line has beta sheathed w;th teak, which
has been covered with copper. The French
cruiser Protet has demonstrated the advant
age of this sheathing, but the danger of
electrolysis has hitherto prevented American
r.avcl constructors from trying the experiment.
Science, however, it is thought, has taught
a' way to avoid this danger and in the Ta
coma naval constructors believe they have
•olved the difficulty and can now aftord steel
cruisers all the advantages of a copper bottom
without dancer to the steel.
•
la oua Loses Her Huddei
Helena Assumes Blame.
The eteam schooner Iaqua, Captain Bonl
f.eld. which left here October IS for Eureka.
yesterday struck ca Point Gorda during a
heavy log. She got off without assistance.
l.«ut minus her rudder. She was tpoken by
the steamship Pcraona, but Captain Bonifleld
•re'osed the offered assistance, paying the Iaqua
could get along all right t>y herstlf. The
schooner's passengers, however, Rere trans
ferred to the Pomona, which carried them to
Dureka.
The owners of the river steamer Helena
have essumed the responsibility for th« col
lision on Moncay between their boat and the
General Frisbie. Neither boat was tadly dam
•eeed and both cf them were oa their regular
runs yesterday.
Reinsurance Changes.
The rate cf reinsurance on the St. Mungo
was reduced yesterday to 35 per cent. She
Is out ninety-debt days from Acapulco for
Tjaital. No char.ee was made in the rates
of the other overdues. The Alice Marie and
nrmin'.a are quoted at 10 and the Fifeshlre
at 15 per cent.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters cf Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The French bark Gael goes In ballast to
Sydney. •
Grain for Belgium.
The British chip Balmoral was cleared yes
terday for Antwerp. Belgium, with W.5S7 ctls
Harlty. valued at ?90,r.0O. and 25,000 ft Lumbe
as dunnage, valued at $375.
Exports by the Cosmos Liner.
" The Genr.nn fteamer Varda of the Kosmos
line was cleared yesterday for Hamburg and
wey ifjtrs with an assorted merchandise
carfco consigned to the port of destination and
the- principal way ports, valued at $3-1, 257. and
distributed as follows: For Central America.
$11,721: Peru. «.T,.S1C; Chile. *!l". ."¦:::<; O«-r
ramy, $2r».c;'.9: Belgium, f^0S5; Holland. $1SJ7.
Thf leading exports were as follower
To Central America — J57 bbls flour. 3544 lbs
t-ugar. 4iO,m:>2 ft lumber. 2uuu ibE carbide,
•'JO.tXl lbs cement, 11.1<J2 lbs tallow, 45 pkK*
j>otatoes, 5 pkgs or.ions, 2C*0 lbs nuts. ." pkgi>
groceries and provisions. 4 iikgt ammunition, 1
launch. 2OZ1 lbs scxia. 1" cs gasoline, 1 eg ma
chinery. 112 pes ste*l. 4020 pals oil. 23 kegs
l*-ad. 193 bars Mir iron. 10 cs turpentine.
K717 railroad ties. 13 bales bags, 17 bdls pipe,
2 cs -candles, 1 horse.
To Peru — 16C0 FbU flour, 150 gals wine. OS
rkgs groceries and proviplons, 441 cs assorted
canned goods. 21.537 lbs dried thrlmps. 15.59G
lbs dried fruit, 176 cs canned salmon. 1500 lbs
malt, 4G83 !be. ham and bacon. 1270 lbs tea.
l!340 lbs hops, 1** bxs raisins. 51 cs whisky. 3
cs brandy. 176.7CJ lbs ta'.low. 220 lbe lard. 100
kers . blasting • powder. 13.200 lbs shot. 7 os
boots and shoes. 8 pkgo nails. 200 coils C3 bdls
rope, 'i pkgs leather. 500 bdls ehooks, 200 rolls
roofing j>aper, H.SiiO railroad ties, 23 drums
carbide. 2 cows and 1 horse.
To Chile — «520 cs canned salmon. 59 cs as-
Forted canned goods, 1014 It lumber. 1 bale
overalls, 70 coils 25 bdlo rope, 2 crts bicycle*.
To Germany — 729. R91 Ihs prunes, 1730 CS
tanned fruit, 2 cs canned lobster, 4 cs wine,
10**SS4 ft lumber, 2<>0 ]>cs hardwood.
"• To Belgium — 84,31(0 lbs prunes and 720 cs
"earned fruit.
To Holland— 81,377 lbs prunes and 11,000 lbs
apricot kernels.
LIBELS ARIZONAN
FOR LARGE SUM
A. P. Eide Asks Dam
ages of $20,000 for
Loss of an Eye.
Says Injury Prevents His
Promotion to Position
of Engineer.
A. F. Elde, water tender, filed a libel
yesterday in the United States District
Court against the steamship Arizonan to
recover $135 wages alleged to be due and
$20,000 damages for the loss of sight of
the left eye. The complaint recites that
while acting as a L water tender on board
the Arizonan on the voyage from San
Francisco to New York last spring a
water gauge exploded and destroyed the
sight of his left eye. The complaint then
goes on to recite:
Llbelant as water tender was In the line for
promotion In his . profession to the position of
marine steam engineer and had the mental
and Dhyslcial qualifications to enable htm to
secure such promotion, of the greater part of
all of which he has by said Injury been de
prived. That at all times prior to said injury
and at the time thereof llbelant was possessed
of a cheerful, hopeful and courageous dispo
sition or temperament, which enabled him to
take, and he did take, a cheerful and hopeful
view of the future. That the direct result of
his said injury has been and is and will con
tinue to be that his disposition, temperament
and courage have been ao impaired that llbel
ant Is not now and will not in future be able
to take a cheerful or hopeful view of his fu
ture, and now has and will continue to -have
but a small degree of his former courage
wherewith to meet the same.
It is further alleged in the complaint
that the respondent failed to provide him
with proper medical attention and care
and that there was no surgeon or physi
cian on board me vessel.
CAPTAIN AND WATCHMAN
QUARREL ON A STEAMER
Chinese Bureau to Investigate the
Charges Against Anderson and
M. S. Blackburn.
Passengers on board the steamship Si
beria were entertained last Saturday by
an interchange of oral discourtesies be
tween Captain Anderson, ¦ superintendent
of the Mail dock, and M. S. Blackburn,
in charge of the force of Government
watchmen at the Chinese detention shed.
Stories are conflicting as to the termin
ation of the verbal duel', one being to the
effect that after the duelists had exhaust
ed their vocabulary of disparaging epi
thets they separated fujning and smoking
and sputtering like intermittent volca
noes. The other story is that the bellig
erent dialogue terminated with blows,
which had a- damaging effect upon the
countenance of Captain Blackburn, who
Is an ancient In years.
Charges have been filed with the Chi
nese bureau against Captain Anderson of
interfering with a Government employe
in the discharge of his duty. United
States Immigration Commissioner Hart
H. North professes to be ignorant of the
affair beyond the fact that there was a
quarrel between the men and that he was
awaiting a report from Charles Mehan,
chief deputy in charge of the Chinese bu
reau, who was about to begin an investi
gation.
ACTS AS PEACEMAKER
AND IS SHOT IN LEG
for James Gilson's Arrest for
Assault to Murder.
James Roche . Swears Out Warrant
James Roche, one of Morse's patrolmen
in Chinatown, swore to a complaint be
fore Police Judge Fritz yesterday charg
ing .James Gllson, a furniture polisher,
with assault to murder. Roche was on
crutches. Gilson was arrested at the
time, but as no complaint was sworn
to and no one appeared to prosecute the
case it was dismissed by Police Judge
Fritz.
Roche and Gllson lived at the Elite
lodging-house, 207 Kearny street, and on
the night of July 1 Gilson, who was un
der the influence of liquor, quarreled with
Mrs. M. A. Boyce, the landlady. Roche
happened to enter the room where they
were Quarreling and acted the part of
peacemaker. Gilson would not be paci
fied and. pulling a revolver out of his
pocket, fired a shot at the landlady. The
bullet struck her on the knuckles of her
right hand and, glancing, off, lodged in
Roche's leg. Roche has been confined in
a hospital since the shooting.
EEWIN'S CASE WIIX BE
REOPENED FOR TRIAX
Daniel S. Richardson, Engineer of
Postal Device Scheme, Will
Tell His Story.
United States District Attorney Mar
shall B. Woodworth appeared before
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock yesterday and gave notice that on
Saturday of this week he will move to re
open the matter of the extradition of J.
W. Erwin, indicted for participation in
the postal letter box device scheme, his
purpose, he explained, being, the intro
duction of further evidence on behalf of
the Government. . ,
Samuel Knight, counsel for Erwiir, did
not make any objection, and It was
agreed that in the event of the court
allowing the case to be reopened the addi
tional witnesses would be examined on the
28th inst. Daniel S. Richardson, who was
a witness before the Federal Grand Jury
In Washington, D. C, that indicted
Erwin, will be one the witnesses ex
amined.
Gambling Ordinance Valid.
The recently passed ordinance of the
Board of Supervisors declaring It a mis
demeanor to expose gambling appliances
behind locked doors, is, in the opinion of
Judge Sloss. valid. He so decided yester
day and ordered dismissed • an order
directing Chief of Police Wittman to ap
pear and show cause why an Injunction
should not issue restraining him from
raiding Chinese gambling houses. The
decision was rendered in the case against
Wittman brought by the Wee Ong Tong,
a Chinese corporation operating gambling
houses In Chinatown.
Enjoins the Brokers.
An injunction was issued yesterday . re
straining A. Ottinger, Charles Conklin,
M. J. "Weld and H. R.' Duffln, ticket
brokers, from dealing In tickets sold by
the Atchlson, Topeka and Santa Fe Rail
road Company during the American
Bankers' Association convention.
Mrs. Gleason "Wants Her Wages.
Julia F. .Gleason brought suit yesterday
against Myrtle ten Bosch, administratrix
of the estate of the late John F. Coates,
for $1200 the plaintiff alleges is due ' her
for services as Coates* housekeeper. She
says" that amount is due her as wages for
twenty-four months' service. '¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO , CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 21. 1903.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Time anil Heights of High and Low
Waters nt Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The hleh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 21.
Sun rises fi-24
« un sets , .¦.'.¦.¦::::::::':::::: :o;25
Mo °" Bet .....6:17 p. m.
D iTlmel Time ITlme Tlmel '
£ b"^ 1 Ft — Ft - — Ft - — Ft 
? |H W| L W |h W L WJ
21 0J05 5.2 5:13 1.8|11:35 5.8 5:37—0.2
£2 0:57 5.1 5:54 2.112:12 5.7 «:42— it.2
23 1:47 B.O 6:.-t6 2.5 12:50 5.6 7:30 — 0.1
24 2:40 4.8 7:2l> 2.S 1 :."2 5.3 8:20 0.1
25 3:36 4.7 8:17 3.0 2:23 5.0 0:12 0.3
20 4:33 4.6 9:25 3.2 3:24 4.7 10:06 0.6
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tides of th«
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height; and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
There is terrible bad luck in thirteen
children. •
A jury in Judge Hunt's court yester
day gave Attorney Fisher Ames Judg
ment for $3000. against Mrs. Theresa
Bell,. widow of the late Thomas Bell. He
sued for JSOOO for lesal services rendered
by him during the numerous legal bat
tles over the estate ot Bell that followed
the death of the millionaire.
Ames Gets Verdict for $3000.
Steamer. Dest.nation. Sails. Pier.
October 21.
Uarda Hamburg Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 19
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
Eureka Humboldt 4 pm [Pier 13
October 22. |
Czanna Coos Bay direct... 5 pm|Pier 8
Arcata Coos B. & Pi.Orford 4 pmlPler 13
C. Nelsen.. Astoria St. Portland S pmlPier 2
1-noenix Mendocino City 1 pmiPler l.'i
San Pedro.. Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
Corona Humboldt l:30pPler 9
Arctic...'... Humboldt 4 pm Pier 10
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 aralPler 11
N. Fork Humboldt 6 pmjPler 2
October 23. ' I
M. Dollar.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Isls Hamburg Way Pts 2 pm Pier 19
Siberia China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
UmaUlla... Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
October 24. I
I, a< l u * Humboldt I 4 pm Pier 2
r. Leggett.. Log Angeles Ports, lo am Pier 2
S. Monica., j^g Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay., gan Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Centralia.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Barracouta. x. y. via Panama, 12 m Pier 40
October 2IS.
S. Rosa.... Ban Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
G. W. Elder, Astoria & Portland 11 amlPler 24
October 2O. I
Californlan. New York direct Pier 23
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
MsrlpoM... Tahiti 11 am Pier 7
October 27.
Nevad»a... Honolulu 3 pm Pier 20
Rival....:. Wlllapa Harbor .. 4 pm Pier 2
October 2ft.
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
October 2». 'J- - V
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 7
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 16
October 30.
Columbia... Astoria &. Portlandjll am Pier 24
Chico Coquille River 8 pn Pier 2
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. *l*^ For. Sails.
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 21
Nome City.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Oct. 23
Dolphin Skagway & Way. Ports. Oct. 26
City Topeka. . Skagway A Way Ports. Oct. 28
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Nov. 1
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 2
Bertha Valdez & Way Ports.. Nov. 7
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 8
Steamer. From. Due.
Phoenix Mendocino City... Oct. 21
Spokane Seattle Oct. 21
Arctic Humboldt |Oct .11
Coptic Ch»na & Japan Oct. 21
Eureka Humboldt ]Oct. 21
Coos Bay. — San Pedro & Way PortsiOct. 21
Acapulco New York via Panama. |Oct. 21
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma Oct. 21
f-an Pedro... Humboldt : Oct. 22
G. Lindauer.. Grays Harbor Oct. 22
Santa Rosa., gan Diego & Way Ports Oct. 22
Point Arena. . Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Oct. 22
d. W. Elder Portland & Astoria lOct. 22
laqua Humboldt |Oct. 22
Kival Wlllapa Harbor Oct. 23
Mlneola Tacoma |Oct. 23
Pomona Humboldt iOct. 23
Edith Seattle [Oct. 24
F. H. Leggett. Humboldt IOct. 24
S. Monica San Pedro Oct. 24
Queen Puget Sound Ports Oct. 24
namses Hamburg & Way Ports. 'Oct. 25
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. (Oct. 2S
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports'Oct. 2«
Nicarla Hamburg & Way Ports.lOct. 26
Corona Humboldt |Oct. 26
Chico Coqullle River. [Oct. 27
Columbia I Portland & Astoria Oct. 27
Alliance Portland & Way Ports.lOct. 27
Arcata T Coos Bay & Port Orford|Oct. 27
Curacao Mexican Ports IOct. 27
Peru New York via Panama. Oct. 28
North Fork . . Humboldt Oct. 28
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma Oct. 28
nty Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports Oct. 20
Amer. Maru.. .China & Japan [Oct. 31
S. Barbara... Seattle & Olympia |Oct. 31
COOS RAY — Arrived Oct 20— Stmr Alliance,
from Eureka.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Oct 19—
Stmr Whltesboro, from Point Arena.
BEAR HARBOR— Sailed Oct 20— Stmr Chlco.
for Bandon. - •
TATOOSH — Passed In Oct 20— Stmr City of
Puebla, hence Oct 18, for Victoria; stmr Mon
tara, hence Oct 17, for Seattle; brig W G Ir
win, hence Oct 8, for Roche Harbor; schr Lot
tie Bennett, from San Pedro.
WESTPORT— Arrived Oct 20— Stmr News
boy. hence Oct 19.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Oct 20, 10 a m—
Stmr Noyo. for Redondo.
SEATTLE— Sailed Oct 19— Stmr Santa Ana,
for Valdez.
REDONDO— Arrived Oct 20— Schr Luron,
from Columbia Rtver; stmr Newburg-, from
Grays Harbor. < . .
Sailed Oct 20-^-Stmr Sequoia, for San Fran
cisco: schr Samar, for Portland.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Oct 20^-Stmr Cheha
lls, hence Oct 17.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Oct 20— Nor stmr Ti
tanla. from Nanalmo.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Oct 20— Stmr Rival,
for San Francisco.
WHATCOM— Arrived Oct 20— Schr Challen
ger, hence Sept*22.
. Sailed Oct 2O— Br ship Gantock Rock, for
Cape Town.
PORT HARFORD— Arrived Oct 20— Stmr
Santa Cruz, hence Oct 19.
GRAYS HARBOR, Oct 20— Stmr Shasta was
successfully launched at Hoquiam to-day at
noon.
EUREKA — Arrived Oct 20— Stmr Pomona,
hence Oct * 19: -stairs Francis H Leggett, San
Pedro and South Bay. hence Oct 18; schr Min
nie A Ca'.ne. hence Oct 18.
Sailed Oct 20 — Stmrs Eureka and Arctic.
Arrived Oct 20 — Stmr Lakme, hence Oct 18.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed Oct 19— Bktn W H Dl
mond for San Francisco; schr C A Thayer, for
Grays Harbor.
ELEELE— Sailed Oct 17 — Bktn Lahaina, for
Vancouver.
KAANAPALI— Arrived Oct 17— Bktn T P
Exnigh, from. Newcastle, Aus.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS. Oct 20, 10 r> m— Weather
thick; wind W. velocity 12 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Oct 9. lat 37 N, Ion 125 W, Br bark Dovenby,
from Olympia, for Chile.
Per stmr American — Sept 22, in Straits of
Magellan, Br stmr Anglo Saxon, from Coro
nel, for New York. • ,
SPOKEN.
SAILED.
Tuesday, October 20.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen. Caspar.
Stmr Bonita, Alberts. San Pedro.
Stmr Prentiss, Ahlstrom, San Pedro.
Htmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria.
Stmr Coqullle River. Dart. Eureka.
Stmr Redocdo, Krog, Eureka.
Stmr GlDsy, Inland. Santa Cruz.
Etmr SeotJa, Erickson, Bowens Landing*.
Stmr Rainier. Hansen. Seattle.
Stmr Gualala, Johnson, Fisherman* Bay.
Br stmr Algoa, Lockett, Portland.
Tug L Rcscoe, Crangle, Florence.
Fr bark Leon Bureau, Richard, Adelaide.
Schr Falcon. Anderson, Grays Harbor.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, October 20.
Stmr Rainier. Hansen. Seattle; Pollard
Steamship Co.
• Ger stinr Uarda, Peterson. Hamburg; J D
Spree k els & Bros Co.
Br shi:> Balmoral. Rood, Antwerp; Balfour,
Guthrie & Co.
Stmr Ruth. Reed. IS hours from Westport.
Ger stmr Isls, Groot, 4 days from Seattle;
put in to finish lending:.
Bark Albert, Turne. 22 days from Honolulu.
Tuesday, October 20.
Stmr Corona. Johnson, 19 '4 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Redondo, Krog, 35 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Unimak. Hansen. 9% days from Ko
diak.
Stmr Prentlss. Ahlstrom. 9 hours from
Bowens Landing; bound south; put In to land
passengers.
Stmr American, Coleord. 59 days from New
York, via Coronel 21 days.
Stmr Greenwood. Johnson, 10 hours from
Albion.
ARRIVED.
Shipping Intelligence.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, IL S. N.. Mer
. chants' Kxchanee, San Francisco, Cal.,
October 20. 1903.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building | was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
P. m., Greenwich time. ..
J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant, U. 6. N., In charge.
Time Ball.
12
QceaDics.s.co. SJSs
S.S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Oct. 26. 11 a. m.
S.S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
1 land and Sydney, Thursday, Oct 29 2 p. m.
S.S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Nov 7, 11 a. m.
«U SPIECKEU ft BEDS.C3., Igti.. Tkkst 0!&a,BI3 larWa
fnigntBQM.IU BartttSUrkrlt. 7.PuilkSL
COMPAONIE GENEKALE TRANSATLAKTIQTJE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. jas_
Salllnsr every Thursday instead of «2Bttfyis
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42, •3S"™F
North Rtver, foot of Morton street.
I First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $45 and upward GEN-
ERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson Building),
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mare Island and Vallejo Steamers.
Steamer GEN. FTtlSBIE or MONTICELLO
0:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., exceot Sunday.
Sunday, 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo,
7 a. m., 12:30 noon, C p. m., ex. Sunday. Sun-
day, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare, 50 cents. Tel.
Main 1506. Pier 2, illssion-st. dock.- HATCH
BROS.
BAUWA7 TEAVEL
(Main ia£ Foot of JUrfceLStrwO
LBAT« - r»OMOCTOB«».21.1*»- - AB«T»
7.00a benlda. Sutsnn. lilniir* ana »aera-
7.00a vSaTme."ivint^'Ran»i«y.*.l!.." 7-55*
7.30a SHes. Ltyermore. Tracy. I^ 1^; 72&r
8.00a Dfr1s!wo^V«nd:Knrgnu"L.Bdln«.
Msrysvllle. OroTllle ••••"•• iq*5S1
8.00a AUsntlcllxPress-OKilen.ndEM*. 10-»*
8-30a Port Co«a. Msrtlnex. Antloch. By-
ron,Tr»cy.8tockton.S»cramento.
>"ewmsn, L©s Bsnos, MenUota.
Annons, Lemoore, Hsnford.
VlsslU. roMerrlllo ..•••- **"
8.30* Port Costa. Martinez. Trscy^L*"*-
rop. Modesto. Merced. Trttno.
Oosnen Junction. Lemoore. Han-
- ford. Vlsalla. Dskersfleld ....... «-55*
8.30a Shasta Express- P»»ls. £"»»»¦
(for Btrtlett Springs). Willows,
tFrnto. Ked Bluff. Portlsnd...... '•W
8.30a Siles, S»a Joso. LlTennore. SiocS-
ton,Ione.S»cr«mento,Pljtcerrme,
MsrysTtlle. Cnlco. Bed Bluff..... 4.Z9*
8.30a Oskdale. Chinese. Jsjnestown. So-
nors, Tnolnmne and Angels 2eb»
9-OOa Msrtlnei and W»y Stations if*?,
10.00a Vsllejo •i.S^L-y" 1Z>Zar
10.00a El Paso Pastenger. Kastoound.—
Port Costa. Martinez. Bywn.
Tracy. Lathrop, 8tockton,
Merced. Raymond. Fresno, Han-
ford. Vlsalia, Bakersfleld. Los
Angeles and El Paso. (West- __
bound arrlTes Tla Coast Line)... •1-30*
10.00a The Orerland Limited — Ogaea.
DenTer. Omaha, Chicago......... fZg'
1200m Hayward. Jllles and Way Stations. 3.25J
tiXOF Saersmen to RlTer Steamers Ti 1 .OOP
ZZOr Benlda. Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland. Knights Landing.
MarysTllle. OroTllle and way
stations 'S'2e
3J0* Hayward. Utles and Way Buttons.. 7-oBP
3.30r Port Costa, Martinez. Byron.
Tracy. Lathrop. Modesto.
Merced, Fresno and Way 8ta-
tlons beyond Port Cotta..... ... 12-25*
3.30* Martinet Tracy. Stockton, todl... 1025a
4 00r Martlnei73anIUmon.VaUeJo.hapa.
CallstOKa. Santa Rosa ?i?*
4.00* Ntles. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl ...... 4 .25*
4.30* Hayward. Ntles, IrTlngton, San » t$-of*
Jose. LtTennore I JII.ooa
I OOp The Owl Limited— Newman. Los
Banos. Mendota. Fresno. Tulare.
BakersOeld. Los Angeles a 55 a
6.00p PortCosU, Tracy. Stockton 12-25*
t6 30* Hayward. Klies and San Jose .«... 7.25a
8.00* llayward.h'lles and San Jose 1025*
6-00* Oriental Mall— Opden. Dourer,
Omaha. St. Louis. Chicago and
East. Port Costa. Benlda, 8ul-
sun, Elmlra, Dayls, Sacramento,
Kocklln. Auburn, Colfaz,
Truckee. Boca, Reno, Wads-
worth. Wlnnemucca. Battls
Mountain. Elko 4-25*
8.00* Vallejo, daily, except Sunday I y E e_
7 00* Vallejo. Sunday only » '
7.00* Ban Pablo, Port Cotta, Martinez
. and W»y Stations. 11.25a
806* Oregon A California Eipress— Sac-
ramento, MarysTllle, Redding",
Portland. Puget Sound and East. 8-55 a
9.10* Bayward. Nile* and San Jose (Sun-
dayonly) 11.65 a
COAST LINE narrow Maage).
(Foot of Marfcet Street.)
8.16a Newark, CenterTllle. San Jose.
Felton. Boulder Creek, Sanu
Cruz and Way Stations 5-55P
12.15* Newark. Centerrllle. San Jots,
New Almaden. Los Gato*. Felton.
Boulder Cr««k. Santa Cruz and _„__
Principal Way Stations 10.55*
415* Newark. Ban Jose, Los Oatos and
way stations TB.55 a
a9 30r Hunters Train, Saturday only, San
Jose and Way Stations. Sunday
only returns from Lo» Gatos ti 25p_
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rroui SAN KUAN CISCO. Foot of Market St. (Sllp*>
— fl:13 >:00 11:00a.m. 1.00 300 6.15p.m.
ITrom OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t«:OU fc*:0S
W:05 10:00 a.m. 1200 200 4 00 p.m.
COAST LINE (Broad Uaa*e>.
Kir (Third and' f uwnsend Streets.)
6-1 0a San Jose and Way Stations 8 30*
7 00a San Jose and Way Stations 6-38*
800a New Almaden (Tues.. Frld., only). 4.10*
8- 00a CoaatLlne Limited— Stopsonly Saa
Jose. Gllroy (connection for Hol-
llster). Pajaro. CastroTllle. Sa-
linas. San Ardo, Paso Roblea,
BinU Margarita. Saa Lull Oblspo,
1'rlnclpil stations thence Surf
(connection for Lompoc) princi-
pal stations thence Santa Bar-
Sara and Los Angeles. Connec-
tion at CastroviUe to and from
Monterey and Paclflc Grove 10.45*-
8. CO a San Joae. Tres Plnoa. Capttola.
&antaCruz,PaclacGroTe,Sallnaa,
San Luis Oblspo and Principal
Way Buttons 4.10*
10.30a 6tn Joie and Way Stations 120*
11.30a Santa Clara, San Joie, Los Gatos
and Way Station* 7.30*
1-30r San Jose and Way Stations 8 36*
&J}Qr Pacific GroTeKxpress — SantaClara
San Jose, Del Monte, Monterey.
Paclflc Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Cruz, Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points)
st Gllroy for Holllster. Tres
Plnos, at CastroTiUe for Salinas. 12.1S>
SJO* Gllroy Way Passenger 510X5*
t4 4 Sr San Jose. (Ti« Santa Clara) Los
Gatos. and Principal Way Sta-
tion* (except Sunday) +9.23*
{5.30* San Jose and Principal Way Stations 1800*
S.COr Sunset Limited, Eastbound.— San
Lnls Oblspo. Santa Barbara, Los
ADEeles, bemlng. El Paso. New
Orleans, New York. (Westbound
arrlTe s yla S*n Joaqntn Valley) . . . tr9 25 a
16.15* 8anMateo,Beresford,Belmont.San
¦ Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
MenloPark. PaloAlto 13. *8*
6.70* San Jose and Way Stations. 8-38a
1 1 .30* South San Francisco, M lllbrae. Bur-
lingsme, San Mateo, Belmont,
San Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Pslo Alto 9.45r
o11.30r May Held. Mountain View. Sunny-
Tale, Lawrence, Santa Clara and
San Jose t9.4S*
A for Morning. P for Afternooa.
J Sunday only.
I Stops at all stations an Sunday.
t Sunday excepted. a Saturday only.
«V1» Coast Line. *b Via San Joaq.nln Valley.
tW Only trains stopping at Valencia St. southbound
»re6:10A.*..n:OOA.M..n:30A.M.,3:aOp.M.andS:30r.*.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
J_iH!SSE3Ei
SAN FRANCISCO ANO NORTH PACIFIC
BAH, WAY COMPACT.
Ti Duron Ferry, Foot of Market Street.
SAX PKAKCISCO TO SAB BA7A£L.
WEEK DATS— 7:30t 9:00. ll:0O a. m.: 12:33.
3:30. 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 d. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1 :50 and 11 :30 p. rn.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
5:00, 6:20, 11:30 p. m.
SAW RAFAEL TO SAX FSA2TCISCO.
"WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 7:33. 7:30. 9:20. 11:13
a. m.: 12:30. 3:40, 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 8:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
4:55,'5:C5, 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect 1 Arrive
San Francisco. [ Sept. 27, 1903. [San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- 1 Sun- j Week
Days. I days. | tlon. | days, f Days.
7:30a 8:00a ~ 9:10a| 8:40a
9:30 a Ignaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p| 6:20 p
5:10 p 8:00 p f 7:35 p|
7:30 a 9:10 ai S:4Oa
8:00 a Xovato. 10:40 a 10:20 a.
3:30p 9:30a Petaluma. 6:06p|6:20p
5:10 p 3:30 p and [7:35 pi v
5:00 p Santa Rosa. | |
7:30 a 10:40 s 10:20*
8:00 a Fulton. 7:33 pi 6:2Up
3:30 p 3:30 p j
Windsor.
'7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburg. 10:40 a 10:20*
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyserville. 7:33 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale. |
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland. 110:40 a'10:20 a
3:30 a| 3:30 p| and Ukiah. | 7:33 p| 6:20 p
7:30a| 8:00 a| Wllllts. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 at 110:40 a!10:2O a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Guernevllle. I 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 a) Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8:40 a
6:10 pi 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. I 6:05 p[ 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 a| 110:40 a|lO:2O a
3:3Op|3:3Op| Sebastopol. |7:35p|6:2Op
STAGES connect at Green Bra* for- San
Quenttn; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skagfrs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. Booneville and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Keiseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs-, at Uktah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo.
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Lierly's.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville, Orr's
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens, Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg.
Weatport, Usal; at Wllllts for Fort Bragg.
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covello, Layton-
ville Cummlngs. Bell's Springs. Harris. Ol-
sen's. Dyer. Garbervllle. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
• Ticket office, 630 Market street. Chronicle
butldlnsr.
H. C. WHITTXG. R. X. RTAN\
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Other Santa Fe Trains :
olS ?' S* I 'or Stockton, Fresno, BaVertfleld,
Sloo p. m. ) Merccd » Hanford and VUalla.
4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Graad Canyon and
Chicago.
Ticket Officb: 641 Market 8t., and Parry
Depot. 8. r. Also Ilia Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal. -.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
8:00 a. m., week days — Cazadero and way
stations.
5:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
.Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m., .Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations.
Sundays only — 10 a. m., Point Reyes and way
stations.
TICKET OFFICE^ — C26 Market st.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
H TO SAN RAFAEL,
SAN QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
via Sausalito Ferry.
Suburban Service. StandardGaug. .Electric—
Depart from San Francisco DaUy— 7:00.
•000 'IOjOO, 11:00 a. m.. '12:20, •1:45. *3.15.
«-V5 »V15 6-15 700. S:45, 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
aTm., 1:45; •2:55, »3:45. 4:45, -5:45.
•6-45 '8:45, 10:20 p. m. - -j:
Trains marked (•) run to and from San Quen-
tll FR0M MILL VALLEY TO -SAN FRAN-
CISOO-DaUy-5:45. 6:55. 7:52. 8:55. 9:55,
11 faoVTm. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15. 4:05. 5:05. 6:05.
7:05 0:00, 10:35 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave TU Saunlito lmj Arrive
San Francisco f sat of lUrkst St. San Francisco
Week Sun- ~ Son- Week
Days, days day Days.
•10:«0 A*8:OO A £&«&£g&i& 12:O5p 10:401
•1:45p 9:00a IJBfcScSBw l:25p 3:5i)p
5:15p 10:00a l&gSttSOT a:50p rt:50p
11:00a 4:50p 9:50p
l:45p 5:50p _.
' -3:15p 7:5Op
*Coanset with stags bt Bipsss. sad Till«T Csats
TICUT ( 626 Markkt ST..(Nortn Shore Railroad)
OfflCSS ) and Sausalito Perky. Foot Market St. *
"Haw tn Msrlro &'Q1nllo.1 : 'l^^ Wovt Tiiac/tair'a Poll
flUW IU MdAo d u&llM JjUM Ul Hid uOHOOlDOy, james j. corbett, JMl lUuolldj o l/dll
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
TICKET OFFICES — t New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent,
10 Market street. San Francisco.
vtfiTfSVw * Steamers leav* San Fran-
/5W*VQX l , dsco as follpwa: , '- ;
ArJL. 1 For Ketchlkan. "Wrangel,
/u/v£0R3ta -V*l Juneau, Halnes, Skagway.
I VKbGR I 1 ptc - Alaska— 11 a. m.. Oct.
I V \WS»$a/ J 23. 28. Nov. 2. Change to
wK U ySI- com P an y' 8 steamers at Seat-
NdliJSJi^^ - For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
coma, Everett. Whatcom— 11 a, m.. Oct. 23, 2i>,
Nov. 2. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Seat-
tle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. Oct. 25 31 Nov. 6; Corona, 1:30 p. m..
Oct. 22. 28. Nov. 3.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). . San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
Stale of California, Thursdays, 0 a. m.
For Los Angelea (via San Pedro and East
Son' Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey. San Simon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Oct. 24. Nov. 1.
Bonita. 9 a. m.. Oct. 20. 28, Nov. 5.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La. Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month. • "
For further information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates. .
"Columbia" sails Oct. 20 30. Not. 0 19, 29.
Dec. 9. 19. 29. "Georgei VT. Elder" sails Oct.
25. Nov. 4. 14. 24. Dec. 4, 14. 24. Only steam-
ship line to PORTLAND. OR., and short rail
line from Portland to all points Bast. Through
tickets to all points, all rail or steamship and
roll at LOWEST RATES. Steamer tickets in-
clude berth and meals. Steamer sails foot of
Spear st. at 11 a. m." S. F. BOOTH, Gen.
Agt. Pass. Dept.. 1 Montgomery St.; C. CLIF-
FORD. Gen. Agt. Freight Dept., 3 Montgomery.
O. /?. &JV. CO.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL. STEAMSHIP CO.>
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hiogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Honekong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
S. S. AMERICA MARU 77.
Tuesday. November 10. 1903
S. S. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. Decemtor 3, 1903
S. S. NIPPON MARU (Calling at Manila)
• • • • • Wednesday. December 30. 1903
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT, General Arent.
• Mr. L*on L. Collver of "The Collver Tours,"
Boston, has, through his Yokohama agent, con-
tracted for the services of the available Japa-
neMe-EnKltsh-speaklng- fruides of the first class
for the time following the arrival of the "Sibe-
ria" at Yokohama, and is prepared to arrange
for trips through Japan on the ''inclusive" ba-
sis, all details of the highest class. LEON U
COLLVER, 301 Examiner building, San Fran-
cisco.
TO S. S. SIBERIA PASSENGERS.
B 6ALIF0RNIA g
I LIMITED TO CHICAGO |
B Leaves Mondays and Thursdays R
fi at 8:30 a. m., through In 8 days* i
H with diner and all trappings. S
A FRESh dK!N
For half a century Helskell's Ointment
ha* been used by careful mother* every-
where for purifyinjT and preserving the
ekin in beauty. HeiEkell's Ointment
cure* red, rough ekin. Pimples, Blotches,
Burns. Scald*. Tetter, Erysipelas. Salt
Rheum. Scald Head, Itch. Ringworm.
Ulcers. Bore Not*, Sore Eyelids.
HEISKELUS
Ointment
I cools all Irritation: makes the skin beau-
tifully fair and smooth. Helskell's Soap
and HeiEkell's Ointment make a complete
treatment and sure cure for any skin
trouble. At druggists', soap, 25c; oint-
ment. 50c Send for book of testi-
monials.
JOHNSTON. KOLLOWAY &. CO. E
Philadelphia. JLast This L«»t
STATION. 24 Hours. Season. Season.
rxreka .' O.O«> 3.19 .72
Ked Bluff 0.00 .44 - .«*
Kacram»nto O.fiO .14 .'2
Sap Francisco it.itff .17 .21
Vrtrt-no o.no 0.00 trace
hid^p^nd^-nre O.«k> trace .80
San I^uis Oblspo o.o<» .02 trace
Lr*» Angele« ( Mlf ) .43 trace
Pan Dii-go 0.00 .00 .92
THK COAST RECORD, j
leaker 3ft. 1« <;* ss kw Cloudy .00
Ca.non 20.00 70 22 NE Clear .00
BAGS— Grain Barf. 5©5Hc; S?n Quentin. \
5.55c- Wool Bags. 32t?30c; Fleece Twine. 7^ ;
@Sc Cotton Fruit Bags. 6VjC. 6%v .and "Vic ;
for the three grades; Brown Jute. fcHCT^c. .
CANNED. FRUITS — The California Fruit ,
Canners' Association quotes the following price j
list for 10C5 stock: j
" e. B a j
FRUITS.' gl x 2, : ¦
p i e8 •'. . . .".....• $l'55|$l 30|$l 20i$l*10
\prlcots » 701 1 40, 1 25j .... |
Blackberries 1 «^ » 4l> 1 30 1 20 i
?hen^.« R. A'.'. 2 25] 2 0O 1 80 1 50 '¦
Cherries, white .... J 85 I ,0 1 45
Cherries, black 2 10, 1 85 1 .0 1 45 j
Grapes . • 135 1 20 110 1 00 |
Yellow Free Peaches... I 60 1 30 1 15 1 05 ;
Lemon Cling Peaches.. 1 80 1 5S 1 30 1 20
DO. sliced 1 75 1 45 1 20 1 10 •
White Heath Peaches.. 1 75 1 45 1 20 1 10,
p ear « ; . . . I 00 1 60 1 40 1 25
Plums "-M 1 •"» 115 1 05 »»,
Raspberries 2 50.225 210 1 DO*
Strawberries 2 00 1 76 1 60J 1 40
CANNED VEGETABLES — Tomatoes. 2%-lb
standard 85c; Green Peas— Baby pel Its pols.
I13U; netlts pols. $1 35: extra sifted. $1 15;
standard sifted. $1; standards. S5c. marrow;
fats, 82'/ic: ' gallon, lifted, $4 25: gallot-.
standard, $•" 7.".. -
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton: New Wel
lington. $8; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $6 50; Bea
ver Hill. $5 50; Stanford, $7; Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay. $5 50: Greta. $7; Wailsend, $7: Rich-,
mond $7 50: Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
$14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Welch Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel, $8 50 per ton: Coke. $11 5O@
13 per ton in bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $8 45 p«r 2000 lbs and
$8 50 per ton. according to brand.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. 4^c:
cases, regular. 5c; cases, extra large. 5^c:
Eastern style. 6c; boneless, 6c: "Norway,"
6c; "Narrow Gauge." 6%c: "Silver K'.ng."
7>4c: blocks, "Oriental." 6c: blocks, "Sea
bright." 6Vic: pickled Cod, bbls, $7-00:
pickled Cod. half bbls. $4 75. *
CORDAGE: — The local company quotes as
follows. 60 days or Mi per cent discount for
cash, no sales under 10,000 lbs: Manila. 14%e: J
Sisal, lie; Duplex, 10c; Bale Rope; ll^liuci
per lb. i
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 12»i©15o for strictly
prime to fancy washed, ll@12c for prime
washed, 10H®10*ic for good washed.- 0%©
11 V4c for good to prime washed peaberry. 8Vj
$-0%c for good to prime peaberry, 8%®10c for
good to prime. 7@8c for fair. 4g6%c for com
mon to ordinary. Salvador — I It? 12c nominal
for strictly prime washed. 8',5W10Hc for good
to prime washed; 71498c for fair washed, 9©
10\jC for fair - to . . prime washed peaberry.
"T4&8U for good to prime bemi-washed. 7V4©
8c for superior unwashed. . 7® fV4c . for good
green unwashed. ~% ©8c for good to superior
unwashed peaberry. *^ 6c fi>r Inferior to or
dinary'- Nicaragua — Il^*?l3e nominal for
prime , to " fancy washed. 8<rl0c nominal for
fair to strictly good washed. . *%®7^«c for
good to superior unwashed. 7%1!r8c for gocd to
prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala and
Mexican. 13U«15e nominal for, fancy washed.
110:13c for prime to strictly prime washed.
9%fHO\4e for strictly good washed. OfrS>i;,c- for
good washed. 7 H«8%c for fair washed. ««7*ic
for medium. "4®6c for inferior to .' ordinary,
8 VifjlO^jc for fair . to prim* unwashed pea
berry, 794©8c for good 'to prime unwashed pea
berry. 7ft8c nominal for good to superior un
washed. 5(fJ7^ic for ash-damaged.
¦ LEATHER— Sole,' heavy. 20632c: extra
heavy. 30<840c per lb: medium. 27®29c: light.
24©26c; Rough Leather.- « 28<32Sc: Harness
Leather, heavy. 35<939c for No.'l and 30<!T35o
for No. 2; medium. SO^37c: light. 2»a35c:
• 120th Meridian— Pacific time.)
tian Fraiiti«co. Oct. 20. — 5 p. m.
1r.- ;ol!owlng are the seasonal rainfalls to
ritr as Compared with. those of name date last
-<¦',:. and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Weather Report.
I WHEAT FREIGHTS-^-Continue low at about
¦ 13s 6d. usual European options, with very lit
tle doing In Wheat, most, of- the current spot
business being in Barley. .The chartered
Wheat fleet in port ¦ has a registered tonnage
of 37.000 tons, against 47.125 on. the same date
last year; disengaged. : 118,780 tons, against
45 120; on the way to this port, 246,940 tons,
against 215,630." ' ,
WHEAT — The foreign markets- continue
without change. ¦/ Bradstreefs gives .. the
world's supply an increase of 5,125.000 bushels.
Chicago - advanced lc at the opening, but
lost It again., under the heavy selling, orders
of a large ¦ commission house. New York re- 1
ported 40 loads worked for export. ;
i In this market futures were weaker, but
cash, grain remained ! as before. The demand
was merely falr, AgH . wHEAT>^ ;
California -Club, $1 40W1 45; California
White Australian, - $1 6Oft 1 55; Northern Club.
$1 4O®1 42 V4; Northern Blue Stem. $1 50@l 65;
Oregon Valley, $1 40® J 45 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to, 11:30 a. m..
-.-¦.-- Open. High. Low. Close.
December. ...... $1 40^ $1 40^ $1 4OV4 $1 40U
May .:.... 1 40Vi 1 40H 1 40>i l'40»i
' 2 p. m. Session.- ;
No sales. .. - ¦ -,.- -¦ '¦ ¦ .¦•*¦* \
• BARLEY— Both cash and ; future grain were
flrm and the , latter . was ; slightly higher. V, The
demand was fair.- - -; i ... •
r . CASH BARLEY. .
Feed, $112',i'gl 15; Shipping and Brewing,
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — $4 829*
Sterling Exchange, sight — . 4 86Vi
Sterling Exchange, cables .. — 4 87 J*
New York Exchange, sight . . . . , . — 0 1 hit
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Silver, per ounce — 61%
Mexican • Dollars 47 .48
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
There was a good local Inquiry for fresh
fruits and as receipts were light prices were
steady. Table Grapes in small packages . were
steady, there being a fair Inquiry for ship
ment on the Portland steamer. Offerings in
large boxes ruled flrm. Tokay, which were
the most plentiful, moved freely at 83c@U
per box, while Muscat and Cornlchon were
flrm at $1 25@1 50, with occasional sales of
the former reuorted at $1 75. Wine Grapes
were very weak, the demand being slack, re
ceipts heavy and the carryover from the pre
ceding day large. The market Is littered with
soft and leaking stock, which came to hand
during the recent hot spell, and such stock Is
hard to sell. Aside from Grapes, Apples were
the most active descriptions and sales of
strictly fancy Spitzenbenrs were still reported
in a small way at $1 25 p«r box. Supplies of
all other descriptions, were plentiful and
prices were without quotable change. Winter
Nellls Pears were offering freely and sold at
a wider range, a large portion of the offer
ings being . very small. Fine large \ stock
cleaned up readily at the top quotation under
a good demand for storage purposes. Figs
continued scarce, with prices largely nominal.
The other tree fruits were plentiful and rather
dull. Cantalouoes and Watermelon* were
plentiful and easy, while Nutmeg Melons were
in good request at ; firmer . prices. Citrus and
tropical ¦' fruits were quiet and featureless.'
Raspberries; and strawberries were In good
request and prices of the latter ranged higher.
Eastern Cranberries were well cleaned up and
firm. 1 -Coos • Bay lots moved off more freely,
owing to the scarcity of Eastern stock.
STRAWBERRIES — Longworths, : $8 per
rhrst: large berries,'- $203 50 for' Malindaa and
$4®H for the other ¦ varetles. iVtSKBtgtti
RASPBERRIES— $5®6 Der chest.
CRANBERRIES— Cape i Cod, $9 50 per bbl;
Coos Bay, $2 5l»@3 per box. ' - ¦. - *
APPLES— Wc^i 1 per box for fancy. 50©
S5c . for itootl to, choice . and 25@40c for^- com-,
men.'. ... . ,
PEARS— Bartlett?,', nominal; winter .varie
ties, • 4OW75C per box for ; common and ¦ 76c@
$1 25 for Winter NellU. . ' v
QUINCES— AOCMtOc per box. V
FIGS— 60ctfi$l 25 per box.
POMEGRANATES— 50®75e for small boxes
and $202 50 for larje.
¦¦; PERSIMMONS— 75c«I$1 per box.
GRAPES — Isabella. 50<JJ«5c per : crate; other
varieties, ; 30<2?40c /for small boxes, '. 50®65c for.
crates - and - 85c®$l 50 , for , large open - boxes;
Wine Grape*. $18021 per ' ton for Zinfandel
andj;$14®16 for Mission; White. $15016 ,p«r
ton. ¦. t '*iW1!jPBM|SBBBjBBP|g9agl>
( mjtt/dns— Cantaloupes. 75cfi$l 25 per crate;
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
WHEAT — Receipts, 71.515 bushels; exports.
29.9S5 bushels. Spot, steady; No. 2 red. 85**c
elevator; No. 2 red, 85 'Jc f. o. b. afloat: No.
1 Northern Duluth. 81 %c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba, nominal f. o. b. afloat. Options
opened about steady, wheat develo.%1 activity
and strength on' a further scare ot December
shorts and advances in outside markets, to
gether with rumors of export business. Event
ually, however, it turned Irregular and closed
easy under realizing at \i,"d 1 ic net decline. May.
82'Afc&3%c, closed 82%c; July, 80^®81c. closed
80»/jC: December, 86 5-16®b7 3-16c, closed 86Vjc
HOPS— Steady; Pacific Coast, 1903 crop, 23
PETROLEUM— Firm.
MOLASSES — Steady. •t*i&Mi!|j
COFFKE — Spot Rio, steady: No. 7 Invoice,
5 13-lttc; mild, flrm; Cordova, 7U©12c. Fu
tures closed steady. 5 to 10 points higher.
Sales. 55,500 bags. Including: December. S.15&
5.30c: March, S^J^.SSc; July. 5.70®5.80c;
September, 5.80@6.P0e. <
SUGAR — Raw, quiet; refined, quiet.
DRIED' FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market con
tinues quiet. Common are quoted at 495c;
prime. 5«405%c; choice, 6<g<5V4c: fancy, 694@7c.
PRUNES— Are perhape in a little better do
mand, but are not active. Prices range from
'J\ t c to 7e for all grades.
APRICOTS — Are quiet. Choice are quoted
at 9K®*>y>c: oxtra choice, 7®10Vic; fancy, 11$
12Hc.
PEACHES — Are quiet and without special
feature. Choice are held at 7«4^7?4c; extra
choice. 7%®8Kc; fancy. 9U@10c. •
NEW. YORK. Oct. 20.— FLOUR— Receipts.
32,407 barrels; exports, 22.143 barrels; flrm and
fairly active.
SEATTLE. Oct. 20.— Clearings. $C64,45C; bal
ances. $107,901.
TACOMA. Oct. 20.— Clearings, $353,84S; bal
ances, $69,541.
PORTLAND. Oct. 20. — Clearings, $675,152;
balances, $89,000. y- •
SPOKANE. ¦ Oct. 20. — Clearings, $421,502.
balances. $25,678.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, "Oct. 20.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 74c; blue stem. 7Rc: valley, 77c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Oct. 20.— WHEAT— Unchanged.
Bluo stem. 81c; club. 78c.
Northern Business.
Northern Wheat Market.
ST. LOUIS, Oct.' 20. — Wool, dull; medium
gradus. comblnsr and clothing, 17@21%c: light
fine, 15®17».ie: heavy fine, 12Q14^c; tub
washed, 2C©30c. :;¦;•><;
St. Louis Wool Market.
General Merchandise.
BOSTON. Oct. 20. — The tradina in the wool
market this week, while not heavy, has been
well distributed. There la an entire lack .of
speculative feeling, and prices are strong.
Fine wools have told freely, and staple wools
have been In Improved demand. Quotations:
TERRITORY— Idaho fine. 14@15c; fine me
dium. 16@17c; medium, lS(S10c; Wyoming fine.
14® 15c: fine medium, 16® 17c: medium. lS^J'Sn
19c; Utah and Nevada fine. 15@lGc: fine me
dium, 17«il7M!c: medium. 19#20c.
MONTANA — Fine choice. U>g20c; fine, me
dium choice, 19@20c; staple, 20@21c; medium,
20@21c.. .. ;¦( ¦.-¦:¦'-¦ i
Boston Wool Market.
TUESDAY, Oct. 20—2 p. m'.'
UNITED STATES BONDS. .
Bid. Ask. j Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. — — |4s qr new .. — —
4s qr reg .. — — 13a qr coup.. — —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. :*:'..
i Ala A W 5s. — O T Co S«.. — llf.
\ Bay CPC Ss.lOtl 104K; Do con 5s.t<3 106 .
j Cal C O 5«.103 — O W C G 5a. ft7,U
; Cal G A E «r Oceanic S S* 75 79
1 m & ct 5s. — 102*4 Om.R C «s. — 122U
Cal-st 5s . . ; — — Pac G Im 4i — —
C C Wat 5s. — 100% P E Ry Ss.lOStilOsv
; E L & P «b.126 — P A C H 6n. — —
I F & C H 0«. — 117 P & O R 6s. — —
Geary-st 5s.. 45 90 Pow«ll-st «s. — 114
H C&S 5HS.101 — 3 E OAR 5s. — imv;
! H C & S 5s. 08 1C0 SF & SJV 5s — Ut
! Hon R T Hs.lOtfiilOS S R of C 6s. 112}* —
, L A Elec 6s. — 105 d P Of A «s
1 L A Ry 5s.. — 113»4 (1909) 107U —
! L A L Co 6s. — — (1010) • 108% —
! . X3o gtd «#. — — 3 P of C «•
Do gtd 5«.1O2U1<»^| <19O5)Sr A.102U —
L-\P lem 5s. — lOGyj (1906)Sr B.10C —
Mkt-st C fls.HS — (1906) 104«4 -1
Do lem 5s. — 114 (1012) ..:. — H3«
NRR of C 6s — 107»i SPC 1 eg Ss. — my,
j Do 5s 114 1I5* 4 Do stmpd. 108^100 .
N P C R 59.106 — S P B R 6a. — 134
N C R 5s... — 1121i S V W «a.. 103*4 10* I,
N.C P C 5s. — — Do4i 2dm. 8» MO
I N S R 5s... 100 — Do 4s Xdm. 09 — .
! O G L H 58.107^109 Stkn G&E 6s 94 102 U
, O T Co Cs.,117 120 U O tt E 3s. — — •
' WATER STOCKS.
I Contra Costa S3H 47 I Port Costa.. — —
Martn Co ... 61 — |Sp V W Co. 40 40H
! GAS AND ELECTRIC.
'< Cent L & P. 3H — S F G <fc E. 63 «(!Ji
I Mutual E L. 10H 11% S F Gas ... 8 S'~«
1 Pac G Imp. 52% — Stock G & E 5 —
! Pac Lighting 55 — U G A E... — —
iSacEOiH- - ¦ ...-. r -. ... .
'TRUSTEES* CERTIFICATTM.
S F G A E. 68 66Vs .
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd..-:C5 . — 1
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Bk. — 123 L P * A — 1T9
Angto-Cal .. — &? M«r Trust, ..225 —
Bank of Ca!. — 485 Merch Ex .. — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 160 S F Nation!. — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS- BANKS.
Ger S & L. — — Sav A L Soc W 110
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav B'i. WO 500
Mutual Sav. — — Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U..6U> — . . ,
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..195 2C2H|Presldlo .... — ' 40U
Geary — 80 j
; POWDER.
Giant 66^ 67 VIgorit — f
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 75c Kllauea S C. — •
Hawaiian C. 14% 46Vi Makaweli C. 21 33
Honokaa S C 12 Vi 14 Onomea S C. 32 324
Hutch S P C 10 — Paauhau S C li\ —
« MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. — 155 {Oceanic S C — «'•»
I Cal Fruit As. 03 — F*»c A F A. 2% —
[ Cal Wine A». — 96 tpac C Borax. 1 57 —
i Morning Session.
Board — : . :¦
aSF Gas A Electric Co %.. M Art
10 Spring Valley Water Co 40 60
. Street — ipifr~HIH»WWUjilMMfcs*Mi <W
«O Spring Valley Water Co 40 «>
$10CO S P Cal 1st cons 5s (stamped). .108 TS
Afternoon Session.
Board —
20 Giant Powder Con 67 0O
40 Hutchtnson S P Co 10 CO
25 Onomea Sugar Co. b 10 S3 BA
10 Pacific Gas Improvement 53 00
$5000 8 P of Arizona (1910) If* 75
$9000 Spring Val 6 per ctnt bonds..... 10* flO
202 Spring Val Water Co, s 3 40 CO
: Street—
150 Spring Valley Water «Co 40 CO
$1000 Spring Val 4s bonds <2d mtg«>... 90 00
¦ ¦ ; .. . : — . . \ ...
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks— Bid. Alked
Alma 120- J 40
Apollo 40 ' ..."..
Associated Trust Certificate.. 30
Aztec ..... BO
Stock and Bond Exchange.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Oct. -¦- • 2U. — CATTLE — Receipts,
7000, including 3500 Westerns;- steady; good to
prime steers. ?5 10g5 65; poor to medium,
S3 60®4 60: stockers and feeders. $2 25&* 10;
cows, M 35&4 40: heifers, $2 00@4 85; can
ners. $1 35S2 50; bulls. $2 00@4 50; calves.
$2 O0«jf7 35; Texas fed steers, $2 75@'J 50;
Western steers. ?3 @4 60.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 15,000; to-morrow,
20,000: 15c to 2Oc lower; mixed and butchers,
?5 :s</ar> 60; good to choice»heavy, $5 25(^5 45;
rough heavy. ?•* 80® 5 20; light, $5 15iJJ5 00;
bulk of sales, $5 35@5 50.
SHEEP— Rviccipts 40.000; *heep and lambs.
151025c lower; good to choice wethers, $3S375;
fatr to choice mixed. $2«?2 75: Western sheep.
fli 2'® 4; native lambs, $3 25@5 65; Western
lambs, ?3 75'35 25.
Eastern Livestock Market;
m .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The market remaiijed about the same yester
day, excepting a further rise' in Eggs, which
se«m to be badly wanted, regardless of price.
Even the lower grades are rising, as will be
seen. "L
Dealers again reported a steady Butter mar
ket, with th« goods moving off well, though
several oversupolled houses sent out cards of
fering creamery conslderbaly under the top
quotation. The majority of the trade had no
more , stock tnan they could conveniently
Cheese continued In good supply, with fin?
mild new flrm and the cheap grades weak and
Receipts were 44,000 lbs Butter, 6S3. cases
Eggs and 4?00 lbs Cheese. x
BUTTER — Creamery. 28029c for extras and
•>fi<327c for seconds; dairy. 21@24c: store Butter,
IT.^IOc: cold storage. 21®26c; Eastern, 23^25c
CHEESE— 12&c fcr the general market, 13®
13V&C for select mild nsw and ll!g!12c for lower
grades Young America. 13ij@14c; Eastern.
15»i®lflV*c: Western. 14if?15e per lb.
E GGS — Ranch. 47»4®52%c; store, nominal;
cold storage. 27V4®32%c: Eastern. -2S@3Oc tor
fr4sh and 25©26c for cold storage.
Another car of Western Poultry was on sale,
making three thus far this week. Owlnc to
the abundance of 'Western, local stock was
easy. Receipts were moderate, but there was
quite a quantity carried over from last week.
The demand was light, except for large young
Turkeys, good heavy Hens and young Pigeons.
Game in good condition sold. off well at fair
prices. . but the bulk of the receipts came to
hand In bad order owing to the warm weather
In the interior, and had to be disposed of
quickly or dumoed. Sound Game only . is
quoted.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. M@22c per lb for
young and ll'@17c tor old; Geese, per pair.
$1 75@2; Goslings. $2«?2 25; Ducks. $4 50®5
per dozen for old and $3@C for young: Hens,
$4@5 50; young Roosters. $4 5C®5; old Roos
ters, $4 50$i5: Fryer". $3 5O®4; Broilers, $HiS
3 50 for large and $2 50©3 for small: Pigeons.
Slfgl 25 per dozen for old and $2@2 25 for
Squabs.
GAME — Mallard Ducks, $5@6 per dozen;
Canvasback. $t;«T; Sprig. $1; Teal. $2 50^3:
Widgeon. $2 50@3: Spoonbills. $1 50@2; small
Ducks. $1 5O© 2: Gray Geese. $3; Brant. $2 50;
English Snipe. $:t: common Snipe. $1 50; Wild
Doves. $1 25: I Rabbits. $1 75 for Cottontails
and §1 25 for. Brush; Hare. $1 25.
Poultry and' Game.
XEW YORK, Oct. 20— Wall streets highly
colorwi imagination, us is the case almcst ln
varlablv, took an extreme view of the harm
ful possibilities of Monday's event in Balti
more. Finding this to be the case to-day, the
I operators who sold stocks with undue freedom
j on Monday bought them back to-day. The de
crease in the volume of dealings indicates that
I not all of the stocks sold on Monday were re
bcught to-day. Prices moved easily upward.
1 however, and retrieved the greater part of yes
| terday's losses. Whether there was more
1 causes for yesterday's perturbation"" than was
I ii-dlcated by the sequel to-day may never be
I known, but the acuteness of the fears felt yes
terday was greatly dissipated from the outset
cf the market and confidence grew steadily
throughout the day. There was a small set
back during the final hour, but this was ap
parently due to nothing more than the normal
profit taking by room traders Invited by so
considerable an advance. • The market rallied
again and closed very firm and but little be
low the best. It was generally understood be
j fore the opening of the market that concerted
1 measures had been taken at Plttsburg to pro
tect any weakness In the situation there. It
was aleo knotrn that heavy transfers of cur
rency w»re being made to Baltimore to insure
protection against sudden demands upon de
posits there. It became known immediately
In Wall street also that all of the Baltimore
institutions had opened their doors this morn
ing and only slight evidences of fear were
being shown by depositors. Such as was shown
was reported later as being dissipated, and
opinions were quoted even that the receiver
ship in at least one of yesterday's Instances
had be»n unduly precipitated. It cannot be
said that the character of to-day's buying car
ried very great conviction as to its substantial
quality, as mest of it was attributed to pro
fessional operators either for purposes of.cov-.
erlng short accounts or for manipulating prices
against the- short interests. Nevertheless the
considerable advance in prices failed to de
velop any new pressure to sell stocks, and was
effective also in impressing the shorts with
the desirability of covering the short con
tracts. In contrast with the recent air of con
fidence of the bear party in selling the market
on an occasional rally. The feeling among the
• bears was that the failures at Baltimore had
uncovered the weak spots In the situation and
the fact that to-day brought no extension of ;
the trouble gave the impression that the worst 1
or the strain was over, which would demon- '
ttrato sufficient strength in the situation to '
withstand any longer demands that might fol
j There was little In the news of the day to
rt^rl pr . lce »- .Sugar's special str-ngth was
j due to the caliinij the extra eession of Con
gress with fhe sole purpose of perfecting the '•
Cuban rvr-.pTcclty measure. The speculation
In Amalgamated Copper turned to some extent '
on the expectation of a decision In the Boston ,
PhP,S.i n l l 5 na Ihl = atlon this week. Montreal,
h.ir a \l * and London . whose selling has '.
, ,'r, l , he , reccn t depression, were reported as 1
Lar*7t«k^i y , and thlS helpCd the rtcovtry.
• factor L* 1™'" fOf " eXpOrt made a h «»P-
Iast n c,Ti. Stale " bond " * ere "Changed on the
NEW YORK STOCK LIST
Rait ir Ohio 33.900 74s? 7% §?„
Bait & Ohio pfd.. 400 sli\ ,£ V * '*$
Srl'rof N^T 1 " 6>W ° 119^ «?(. 18*
• til & Alton 8,200 27«i 05,. %*"*
Chi ft Alton pfd... 200 63 ia ?£& 7'
C A G W ],6Oo 15 - ui? ft}?
C * G W pfd 2.100 25U 25-2 IXit
c?£t". ::::::: .. 800 "^ &% «•?
C T * T pfd j "'266 17*i 17V4 ?7V
C C C & St L 1O0 71L« 7I1? \} %
Colo South 200 12% r»« Jo..
Colo South 1st pfd. 700 6m siil kV*
Colo South 2d pfd. 4.200 20»i ibv 2fl
Delaware & Hud.. 700 153 153 iy>u
Delaware L & W i^X
d & r g .... ;;•
d k r g pfd ..... r :; e"4
Kric 23.200 27% 26'i
Erie 1st pfd 3.000 064 65^ <•«£
Erie 2d pfd 000 48«4 4S <8H
Great Northern pfd ... un
Hocking Val 6f«» 7OV6 «9»i «7v;
Hocking Val pfd.. 200 79 78' 7«u
Illllnols Cen 450 131 130% 12»£
Iowa Cen ... .171Z
Iowa Cen pfd ; 32W
K C South ' 192
K C South pfd 400 3214 31U ai£
Louisv & Nashv.. 7.600 101U 8««4 100V4
Manhattan L 2.100 133% I32U 133U
Metropol Street Ry 2.500 105^ 104 1; 105U
Minn A St L... .... .... 40
Missouri Pacific .. 21.800 00% 88 00
Mis Kans & Tex.. 600 17 16U 17 1
M K & T pfd 600 35 34% :«
NRRof Mex pfd. ..... .... .... 3SU
N Y Central 3.R0O JI714 116 117%
Norfolk & Western 2.S0O 67«i 65T4 57
Nor & West pfd .... S5
Ontario & Weet .. 600 20% 20!* 20J4
New York Stock Market.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 889c; Cows and Heifers,
7@8c: thin Cows. 4@3c per pound.
CA.LVES — 4®4&c per pound (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers, 3^®3*ic; Ewes. 3S3Vic
per pound (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 75#3 per head. •
HOGS— Live Hcgs. 150 to 250 lbs. 5$«c;
under 150 lbs, 5V405?;c; Sows, 20 per cent off;
Boars. BO per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent
oft from above quotations.
Wholesale rates from slaughterer? to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 6®7c for ¦ Steers and 5<3Gc per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. C@7e; small, SS9c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers, 7',^®8c; Bwe«, 7@7ijc
per po'-ind.
LAMB — 9@10c per pound.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. SV;0O^c per pound.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Hogs are weak' at the decline already noted,
with more than enough coming In to satisfy
the demand. * Th« market at Chicago has been
dropping fast for som* days.
Stocks of Beef. Veal and Mutton continue
ample for all needs and would.be still larger
were cars In better supply.
DRESSED MEATS. '-.•<.
Meat Market.
The Fireman's Fund Insurance Company ' has
declared a regular quarterly dividend of $3 ptr
share, payable October 21.
Local stocks and bonds continued Inactive,
with no fluctuations worthy of not*.
Urcent assessments are: North Shor« R. It.,
$5, delinquent November 18: Linda .Vista OtI.
2c. delinquent November 14; Imperial Water
Company. 13c. delinquent October 24.
Ex-dlvldend yesterday: California Fruit
Canners' Association, regular monthly. 90a per
vhare. amounting to $17,100 60; Monto Crlsto
Oil Company, regular monthly, lc pe.r »har«,
amounting to $5000: California Powder Works
(new corporation), a regular monthly dividend
of 50c.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK. Oct. 20. — Special cable and
telegraphic advices received by. Bradstreefb
show the following changes in available sup
plies as compared with the previous account:
Wheat, United States and Canada, casl of
Rockies, increase, 2.580,000 bushel*.
Afloat for and in Europe, Increase, 2,700,000
bushels.
Total supply Increase, 5,280.000. bushels.
Corn, United States and I Canada, east : of
Rockies, increase, .42,000 bushels. „
Oats. United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, Increase, 1.3O4.0CO bushels.
Visible Grain Supply.
WASHINGTON,
Flour, qr sacks. 14.5W Flaxseed. saeks. l.S4<«
Wheat, centals. 2,440 Rolled oats. sks. 3O
Oats, centals... 2,300 Groats, saeks... 105
Hops, bales ... 105
Flour, qr sacks. 534 Lims. barrels... M>
Wheat, centals. 1.260 Quicksilver, flile 23
Barley, centals.. 4,360 Beans, sacks .. B.GT5
Com (cash) ctls 600 Potatoes, wicks. ! 8.«rt
Tallow, centals. 26P! Onions, sacks '.. W>
Pelts, bundles .. 23ft: Feed, sacks .... 62
Hides, number. 391 1 Screenings, sis. 2*
Sugar, centals.. 5rt»|Wool. bales-.... 404
Wine, gallons... lO.Nm. Hop*, bales .... 149
Leather, rolls .. 32|Straw, tons ... 5
Raisins, boxes.. 2.0001 Hay. tons 289
FOR TUESDAY. OCTOBER 20.
Receipts of Produce.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— De
epening 0 5l «
C1OSlng PARIS. " •• 6BN
Wh^at — ' Oct. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 2130 20 1>5
Closing: .•••• 2145 20 95
Opening" • • • • • • 3l 80 2S 20
Closing 31 65 28 20
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 20.— The cotton market
closed net 25 points higher. «
Nevada— Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and Vicinity — Cloudy Wed
nesday: light southerly winds changing to
brisk westerly, with fog in the morning and
at night.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
POTATOES — Burba nks from the river, 50@
76c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1 25@1 45 per
ctl: Oregon Burbanko, "5fi!Ky per ctl; River
Reds. 60@75c per ctl: Sweet Potatoes, $1 25
per ctl.
ONIONS — «5fVri7.*ic per ctl..
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. 5Oc<5?l per
sack; Green Peas. 2(JJ3c per lb: String Beans.
I%$8%CRW" lb: Wax,'3«3'4c; Lima Beans. 3i^
4c"per lb: Tomatoes, 25^50c per box; Summer
Squash, 40S5Oc per box; Cabbage, 60c per ctl;
Carrots. 75c pen. sack; Cucumbers. 4O@5Oc per
box; Garlic. .'!fi4c per lb; Green Peppers, 3.ie
,Vk5 per box for Chile 'and 50@75c for- Bell;
Grfen Okra. 05<£j9Ce per box: Kg* Plant. 40<350o
per box; Marrowfat and Hubbard Squauh,' flfWi
12 per ton.
Trade in miscellaneous vegetables was fair
and. as all descriptions were in fre« supply,
prices had but little variation. Poor quality
offerings of Green Corn, which constituted th<»
bulk of_ the receipts of that vegetable, were
hard • to""dispo*e of, although offered at easy
rateg. Tomatoes continued plentiful and were
easy, with the canners buying at the Inside
quotation.
The eltuation in Potatoes is unchanged. Bur
banks iront the river and Oregon are in ex
cessive supply and dull, while choice stock
from Salinas is In good" request for local, needs
and steady. Sweet Potatoes are arriving, freely
from' Stockton and Merced and are selling low.
Two cars came In from Merced yesterday.
Onions are comlnr forward freely and good
frock is abundant and easy.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
. Hops have again taken a turn for the better
and dealers report an Increased demand dur
ing the past day or two. Frlce*. however,
show no advance.
.Wool is auoted very quiet, .with liberal ar
rivals which show a tendency to accumulate.
Prices, though weak. • re no lower, however.
Hides are - Inactive, -both tiere and In th«
East, and prices are easy.
HIDES AND SKIN&— Culls and br*fids sell
about 1 He under quotations. H»avy Salted
Steers, 95ic; medium. S*ic; light, 8c; Cow
Hides. «c for heavy and 8c for light: Stags.
6c: Salted Kip. «l4e: Salted Veal. 9Hc:
Salted Calf. 10c; dry Hides. 15^15^c; dry Kip.
13c; dry Calf. 17c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25#
30c each; short Wool. 4&S60c each: mMlum. 70
<g°Oc; long Wool, flfffl 50 each; Horse Hides,
salt. $2 75 for large and $2<§2 50 tor medium.
$1 2.V!?1 75 for email and 50c. for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 75 for large and $1 50 for me
dium. $l{il 2H lor small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Pry Mexican. 32c; dry salted
Mexican. 25c; dry Central American, 32r.
Goat Skins — Prime Angoras. 75c; large and
smooth, 5Oc; medium. 35c; small. 20c.
, TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4 He per lb; No.
2. 4c; grease. 2Vj^3c.
WOOL — Fall cliD — San Joaquin Lambs'. £>@
lie; Middle County, ll'?12c: Northern ¦ Free.
11(ffl2c: Northern defective. 10©llc; Hum
boldt and Mendocino. 12®14c; Nevada. 13§15c;
Oregon. - fine, 18^ 10c; Oregon, medium, 17c
per lb.
. HOPS— 20©23c per lb for. California and CO®
23c for Oregon.
Hides, Wool, Tallow and Hops.
\ The w«^k!y report ct A. G. McAdie. section
dirrrtor of the climate and crop pervlce of
the .Weathfr Bureau, is as follows:
GENEHAL SUMMARY.
At norms My high tompfrattir's pr»i-ail<»d
¦nosi of ih«- week in nearly all parts of the
t~\*\*- ar.d the w»ath*r »a* generally clear.
»itM occaeuxutl heaty fc^s i n tn? coast dls-
Light rain fell on the northwest coast
•FotTt and field fires caused considerable
osmajro in Southern California. Th* rain of
xh* |rpc«^iing »ftk was less injurious than
*.nii< !jiat«><l.
ors.nK.-s are in excellent condition in all
•actions and colored rapidly during th* week.
•1 he tirfi of this s=<»asnn's crop arrived in San
> ( Fructsco from Rocklin. Placer County, on
'_lh«- 15th. which is about two weeks earlier
'than previous records for the Btate. It is fi
\tcnHi that the orange rrop will bf- above
« l> -ra)!<> in quality and quantity. Grape pick
"!:.K continues in foroc *«~tions and lanr«» ship
n-.-r.'.s art b*>ing made to markets and
»¦ in.ries. The first crop of raisins is practi
cally all secured, and the second crop Is cur
ing raiildly. A few days of favorable weather
v.il Insure th«> safety of the raisin and prune
crops. Prum-s are of better quality than
u^ual. but the yield is below average. No re
'. ¦-.'•¦¦ *>j-tiniate uf the raisin crop has be*-n re
eatnd. but tt is b*lie»v>d to be fully average.
The -•..-¦:•¦ has been In mon respects a very
prosperous one /or orchardists. t hours the »p
j.le ui |xtr crops hav* tw^n -quite badl/
damaged hy codling xnoth. Walnuts are be
l«.w avt-ragf in field, but are retried ticel
lrnt In quality.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY.
The weather was warm and clear during the
w»-fk. and very favorable for ripening late
K>aj»-s raiein making and fruit drying. Heavy
Khinncnt» of Tokay grtpes are being made a't
. bacramento. and large quantities of wine
impel are going «o Um wineries. The rain of
'.n.<i »>.k cauwd very little damage. Oranges
are coloring rapidly and give Indications of
a Jarpe yieid. The first oranges of the season
"were received in £an Francisco from Rocklin.
Placer County, on the 15th. which is said to
be the tarliest record tor the State. Plowing ,
«nd seeding are in progress in many places. |
Dry feed is becoming scarce, and cattle com
ing froKi the mountain districts are reported
' in poor condition.
COAST AND BAY SECTIONS.
Warm, clear weather prevailed dnrlng the
wtk, with tempt rat ures above normal most
of the Utne. Heavy fogs in the bay district
imiHtie-i water traffic. Light rain fell on the ]
Borthwext coast. The rain of the preceding I
week caused vory slight damage to crops and
-.liemfiu-d grass in some sections. The south
ern l«.-an crop i»> nearly ail thrashed and un
'•i« r cover. Potatoes are reported below av
• lagt in Sonoma and Humboldt counties. Corn
hai-v£st continue*. The wheat crop in San
.ii>r..t^ County was elir.ost a failure, but bar
ley and hay yielded good crops. Grape pick
ing continues, and large shipments of Tokays
aie b/;lr.g made from the Vacaville district.
Oeciduuus fruits are tno«-:tly dried and dis
j<us« d of. Tfce crop was generally very satis
lactory
SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY.
•" <*lear. warm weather prevailed during the
wk. with light wind*, conditions very favor
able for raUin making and jirune dr>'lng. The
tt*. »- i crop of raisins is all cured and moving
i&pidly to packing houses; the second crop is
, furing satisfactorily, and with a few more
<la>B of favorable weather the entire raisin
. iixip will b« beyond clanger. Prune drying is
!i'*rly completed: the quality of the fruit is
' much better than that of last season. There
art fctlM a few late grapes on the vines In
iome sections, which are being rapidly picked,
.¦¦¦hipped and sent to wineries. Oranges are
.•>.<rtin« and picking will commence^oon. Tt«
. "j.ftb crop of alfalfa is beini? harvested in San !
'-..::. County, and alfalfa thrashing con
tinue* in Tuiare County. Plowing and seed
'.dk are in progress in Merced and Stanislaus
counties
-SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.
Generally clear weather and abnormally
lUcu temperature prevailed mo«t cf the week.
. with occeciona! fogs along the coast. High
triads en the 12th and i:;th damaged walnuts
la Vtntura Couctj. Field and fore-*t fires
caused considerable- damage ir. the vicinity of
1/js Angele*. Fanta Paula and Ventura. Bean
h.arvett is nearly completed and thrashing is
proKrcseing rapidly; ihe crop is b«low ex
pectation* in most places. Sugar beet har
vest is practically completed, and the Oxnard
factory has closed. The crop is reported about
•he fame a* last season's. Wine grapes are
¦Moving rapidly and late peaches are going to
/anneries Raisin making and fruit drvlng
»-.re nearly completed. Oranges ere in excel
•ent. condition; the trees are heavily laden with
fruit of large etze. Walnut picking continue*.
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY.
Th/> week closed with high temperatures. ,
Orange groves are in good shape, with plenty j
of mater; trees are loaded with fruit of fine
<:uaUtv
ECREKA Sl'MARY.
• Wfather conditions were senerally favor
: ble; trcMJtn Is making good growth, and etock
Xt looking better. Plowing Is progressing.
Kail grain Is coming up nicely. A few farm- ,
•« are putting in croi<s. •
The Weather and Crops.
• Th» folloiilBt retail prlr»s fcr meats are
'"ducted by the Rcts'I Butchers' Protective As
eoriaticn:
BKrF — Frirre noart. lSglSc; Porterhous*
H»«k. l*S22»sc: Ter.4«Tloin Steak. lSg'lfec:
Mrlgin Strak. 12VtQ15c; Top Round Fteak,
12'sc; Bpff 6tew, 10r; corn»d B*«f. fQlOr;
up Bonf-F, 4c; £oup M»*t. 5910c.
. \'KAL— Loin Roast. LBCSOc: Fhoul<5e r Roast.
I2HC15c; Chops and Cutl<?tf. ISCSOe; Blew,
.'it TTC'N— Leg. t2%d£c; Forequsrter. £3
l'r. st»>w. 8glCic; rrirr« Chope.
LAMB-Ug, -JfM:: Forequarter. 12%'gl.V.
H-n-'.iuarxer. l^^x-. Shoulder Roast. l<"£f
l~h r - Chopt. 15518c.
I'.iRK— K"8Ft. l'Ji^G 15c; Chops. 15018c:
; !>••?» prir^}. do not cover the <-he«r*r grades,
tt it it impoefible to quote regular prices en
th»m.
Retail Meat Prices.
¦ NEW YORK. Oct. 20.— Tin was unchanged In
London, srot closing at £115 7s 6d and futures
at £116. More w«s offered In New York, how
ever and prices were lower, spot being quiet at
$25 Wi#25 87%.
Copper declined Is 3d In London to £54 lOn
and £54 6» for srot and futures respectively.-
Locally copper continues quiet. Lake' is
quoted at $13013 12%, electrolytic at $13 and
casting at $12 62%. n
Lead was eteady and unchanged at $4 50 in
th» New York market, though it advanced Is
3d to £11 Is 3d in London. I
Spelter closed unchanged at £20 7s Sd in
Lcndon, but advanced her*, closing steady at
$8 12^
Iron closed at 5On in Glasgow and at 43s 8d
In Middlcsboro. Locally, iron was quiet. No.
1 foundry. Northern, is quotM at $16«8'16 60;
No 2 foundry. Northern. $15frlfl; No. 1 foun
dry Southern, and do soft. $15®16 50.
NeivYork Metal Market.
K-urrka 30.10 52 4? N*W Foggy .00
Farallon SO. 00 54 26 NW Cloudy .00
Fre»no 2».«2 88 5« W Oear .00
Flagstaff ....30.04 86 M E Clear y.OO
I Independence 29.9S S4 62 SW Clear rV-.OO
i Ios AncelM. . 29.1*4 76 62 W Clear .00
I Mt Ta ma I pals 30.00 78 72 NW Clear - .00
Ncrth Head. . .3O.2O B2 60 NW Cloudy .00
Phoenix 29. S2 92 64 W Clear .00
I Poratelio 3».16 68 38 SW near .00
Portland 30.16 5S *46 NW Clear .00
iv>ir.t R<*yes ..29.94. 5<5 50 NW Ds. Fog .00
Red Bluff ....29. PS W 66 NE Clear .00
Roeeburg 30.12 70 44 N Clear .00
i Sa<-ram»nti> . .29.P2 S6 65 SE Clear .00
Psit Lak» Srt.lO «6 46 NW Clear .00
Pan FraieiFCO.2O.8S 64 52 W Clear .00
Fan L. Ohispo.29.98 70 50 W Clear .00
Fan Diego ...29.90 68 «O NW Clear .00
j Seattle 30.18 52 48 NW Cloudy .00
Fpoksne 30. 0« 72 34 W Cloudy .00
Tstoosh 30.20 54 48 SW Cloudy .00
Walla Walla. .30.08 74 48 S Clear .00
¦Wlnnemucca .80.10 78 32 NW Cloudy .00
Tuma 29. «rt 92 M NE Clear .<«>
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
: There has b»»n but little change in pres
sure during the past twenty-four hours over
the western half of the country. A stagnant
high continues over the Rocky Mountain dis
trict, and as yt there is but little Indication
of a rhan^e.
Slightly cooler weather has prevailed g<»n
erally on the Pacific slope. In the great val
kjr of California afternoon temperatures are
mil about 90 decrees. Conditions hare been
excellent for ra'.pin making.
Fog prevails from the Farallones to Eureka.
Forecast made at San Franctsco for thirty
hour* ending at midnight October 21:
Northern California — Cloudy Wednesday,
possibly light showers on the northern coast:
light northerly winds Inland; fresh westerly
wind on coast with fog.
Southern California — Cloudy Wednesday;
fr^eh westerly winds.
Pink Beans are quoted htgh*r owing to the
purchases of October shorts. Liraas continue
weak at the decline already noted. Whites
rule flrm under the shipping demand already
mentioned. The other descriptions remain a3
before.
• BEANS—Bayos, $2 30^2 40; Pea. $3 25;
Butters, $3 50; small White. $3<?3 25; larg*
White. $2 55Q2 M; Pink. ?2 40<?2 60: Red,
$2 00®:}; Lima $3: Red Kidneys. $4 15£4 35;
Blackeye, $2 50@C 65 r>er ctl; Horse Beans,
$1 50<ff2.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, $2 fi5: Flax. $1 70© I SO; Canary.
5#5%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, 12913c; Rape,
l%ff?2%c: Timothy. 6@8%c; Hemp, SVi^J^c
per lb; Millet, 3Q-3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $20®
23 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 ?0®2 p<?r ctl.
Corn products are lower In sympathy with
the raw grain. Other Feedstuffs are un
changed, with continued firmness In Bran and
Middlings. Hay Is reported rather firmer, re
ceipts being more moderate.
BRAN— $21 50Q23 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-J-$27f 28 50 per ton.
SHORTS— $21 50®23 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $24g25 per
ton; Oilcake Mfal at the mill; $26^26 60; job
bing. $27027 50: Cocoanut Cake $21<©22; Corn
Meal. $30^31; Cracked Corn. $30 50^3150;
Mixed Feed, $22 50<g23 60; Horse Beans. $30<J>
40 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $13(316, with sales of extra
choice at $16 50; Wheat and Oat. $12 60«
15 50; Oat. $12 50014 60: Wild Oat. $11 50®
13 50; Barley. $10®12 50; Stock, $0-510; Alfal
fa. $U>{m 50 per ton.
STRAW— 40<&ti5c per bal».
Beans and Seeds.
Hax and Feedstuff s.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. «%©
7c per lb; White Lead, 8%U7c. according ta
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $43 5O<844 for local us« and
$42 50943 SO per flask for export.
SALT — Th« Amalgamated Salt CWnp%ny
quotes aa follows: Genuine Liverpool. $14914:
Bales, common. «1 65: Dariy. p«T ton. $12 W»;
Half Ground. S9 75910 25: Rock Salt. $S N>$
0 75; imitation Liverpool, $13 50013 29; Gran
ulated. $12 5Ofl>13 2» p«r ton.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Reflnta* Osm
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags;
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. S.Wc;
Powdered. 5.70c; Candy Granulated. S.TOc; Dry
Granulated, flue. 5.*Oc; Dry Granulatsd. ec*r«#,
5.60: Fruit Granulated. 5.«0c: Beet Qrstra
lated *100-lb bags only). 5.40c: Confectioners'
A. 5.60c; Magnolia A. 5.20c; Extr* C, 5.10c;
Gold«n C, 5c; "D." 4.90c; barrels, 10c raor*:
half barrels. 25c jnore; box«s, 50c raor«; BO-Ib
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets^ — Half
barrels. 8.10?: boxes. 6.35c per lb. No orders
tak*n for less than seventy-five barrels or its
equivalent.
LUMBER — Pin*, ordinary sizes. $18319: «x
tra sizes, higher; Redwood. $19923; L«'h. 4
f-ft. $3 75: Pickets. $22@2S: Ehlngln. $3 SS tar
No. 1 and $1 75 for No. 2; Shakes. $14 for tpli*
and $15 for sawn; Rustic. $40^42. «&»» .
COAL OIL— Prices for Coal Oil ar» %e
higher. Water White Coal Oil in bulk. 13c;
Pearl Oil In ca.«e», 21%c: Astral. 21%c; Star.
tl%c; Extra Star. 2*4<-: Elaine. 2T%e;
Eocene. 24%c; deodorized Stov* Gasolln*. In
hulk. 17c; in cases. 23 %<:; Benzine. In bulk.
13c; In cases. 19%c; 89-4egre« Oasolla«. la
bulk. 21c: in cases. "27%c.
TURPENTINE — »On per gattcn In cases and
74c in drums and Iron barrels.
OIL — Linseed. 49c for boiled and 47c for raw
in barrels: cases. 5c more: Cmator Oil. in c*s-«.
No. 1. 70c; Bakers' AA. $1 1091 12; Lucil. 44=
for boiled and 42c for raw In barrels; Lar4
Oil, extra winter strained, barrels. 85c; cases.
90c; China Nut, 55@70c per gallon; pnra
Neatsfoot. In barrels. 75c; cases. 8Oo; St?rm.
pure. 75c: Whale Oil. natural whit*. *>3S*e
per gallon: Fish Oil. In barrels. 45c; cases.
&0c: Cocoa nut Oil, In barrels. 58e for Ctyloa
and 55c for Australian. \
Sktrting. No. 1. 4O043o: No. 2. 8*838o; CllUur
Leather. 154J1 6c per foot; Trac* Leather. 40>9
4ic; Kip. unfinished. 40$50o p«r It; Veal, fin
ished, 50360c per lb; Calf, finished. 65c®$l per
lb: Wax sides. 16$17c per foot: Belt Kai;»
Splits. 14916c; Rough 9pllt». 9£10o p-r lb.
TANBARK— Ground. $20tf2S per toa; stick.
$13318 J*r cord.
Neiv York stock market higher again.
' tight business on the local stock exchanges.
Silver again on the down grade. ExcJutnge as before.
Wheat freights still low, with tonnage excessive. ' %
Cash Wheat steady and in fair demand.
Barley firm, with a very fair inquiry.
Oats and Corn in liberal supply and easy. Rye unchanged.
Corn Products lower. Bran, Middlings and Hay as before.
Beans still unsettled, with some October short buying.
r: Jnur and Millstuffs as previously quoted.
Butter steady, Eggs still higher and Cheese unchanged.
Pried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins selling very well.
Hams, Bacon and Lard weak at the recent decline.
Wool weak and dull, with liberal arrivals.
Hops firmer again, with an improving demand.
Hides quiet and easy, here and in the East.
Beef. Mutton and Pork in liberal supply.
Coal Oil marked up l Ac per gallon.
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables in large supply.
Poultry in light demand. Game arriving in bad condition.
.Fresh Fruits meeting with a good inquiry.
able weather and lower cables, but in the ab
sence of any special selling pressure a firmer
feeling was manifested. December closed ¦ a
shade higher at 43%c
: Trading In oats . was only . moderate^ and
prices fluctuated within a narrow range.
There was buying by some of the cereal peo
ple, while the selling was . scattered.' I Country
offerings were light and ! receipts somewhat
smaller. December closed %© Vic lower at 35c.
In spite of lower prices for hogs at the
yards the provision market ruled flrm, due
mainly to a fair support from packers, al
though shorts were also a shade higher.
January pork and lard, each closed 12%c
higher, while ribs were up 10c. >
¦¦The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — High.. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December (new). 81% 80 80%
May:...; 79% 78% 78%
Corn No. 2— '
October 43% 43% 43%
December • 44>i 43% 43%
May , 42% 42 42%
Oats No. 2—w
October '. ;'••
December 35%* 85 35
May 36*4 35% 30
Mess Pork, per bbl—
October . ; 10 90 ' 10 90 10 90
January H 00 11 72% 11 90 •
May ..12 00-1185 1197%
i I>arJ. per 100 lbs —
! May -•• « 62% « 50 6 62%
! October 6 40 6 20 6 40
i December •' J 42% 6 30 C 42%,
I January »V52% 6 40 6 52%
! Short R!bs, D»r 100 lbs—
May .'...6 40 6 35 6 37%
Ootob-r '. s 3"H 8 00 8 37%
January 6 30 6 15 6 27%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour.
steady No 3 spring wheat. 81%<ff82c; No. 2
1 red, 81%S83%c: .No. 2 corn. 43%c; No. 2
! vellow 44%c; No. 2 oats, 34%c; No. 3 whlto,
! 33%@37«*o: fair to choice malting barley, 45®
i 64c: No. "l flaxsefd. 94%e: No. 1 Northwestern.'
*1 02'4- prime timothy seed. $3; mess pork, p»r
bbl $U©11 12%: lard, per 10O lbs. $6 35@6 45;
short ribs sides (loose). JJ60©7 75; dry salt»d
ehoulders (boxed), $6 12%®« 25: short clear
I sides (boxed), $7 25§7 76: whisky, basis of
(high wines, $125; clover, contract grade.
$10 SOglO C5.
Arttri»s ¦ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour bbl, 22.400 65.000
Wheat, bu 'iyi-yS. I' 400
Corn bu 178,700 10.400
Oat"' bu ..: •••• 460.400 142.200
Rye'bu 7.600 2.10O
Barley, bu ..114,500 24.800
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries. 15%'S'20%e;
dairy, 14?18c. Ch*es«\ easier; ll©llHc Eggs,
steady; 18Q19c.
Consols for money 88 % N Y Central 120 .
Consols for acct.. b*>',? Nor & Western.. 57%
Anaconda 3% Do pfd Sft
Atchison 67% Ontatrlo & West. . 20%
Do pfd f»0% Pennsylvania .... 60'i
Bait & Ohio 75% Rand Mines 9V,
Can Pacific 122^ Reading 32%
Ches & Ohio 30% Do 1st pfd 3S
Chi Gt Western.. 15V* Do 2nd pfd ... 32
Chi M & St Paul.l4(H« Southern Ry .... lhU
DeBeers 19% vo pfd 75
Den & Rio G.... 20 \?wn Pacific 41%
Do pfd 70 ! Union Paclnc ... 72«~'.
Erie 2l%! Do pfd 87 "
Do 1st pfd .<>7-';i|U S Steel 15«*
Do 2nd pfd ... 4U% Do pfd «oi.
Illinois Central ..133% Wabaah 17U
Louis & Nash ...101^ Do pfd SI
Mo Kan & Tex.. 10!*
Bar silver, quiet. 2S%d per ounce.
Money, 1%(§1% per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for,
short bills is 3% per cent; for three months'
bills, 3% per cent.
Ncii' York Grain and Produce.
Pennsylvania 44,000 118% 117% 118%
P C C & St Louis. ..... ..." 69
Reading 85,800 46% 44% 48
Reading 1st pfd... 150 75% 76% 75
Reading 2d pfd . . "... ..-. . 62
Rock Island 17,300 ,24% 23% 24%
Rock Island pfd... 400 58% 58 58
St L & S F 53
St L & S F 1st pfd 60
St L & S F 2d pfd ' 45i;
St Louis 8 W 13%
St Louis S W pfd 30
St Paul 1.700 138% 13«% 137%
St Paul pfd 170
Southern Pacific .. 1.700 41% 39% 41
Southern Railway. 3,200 18% .17% 18%
Southern Ry pfd.. S.000 74% 72% 74»i
Texas & Pacific .. 1,600 23 21 »i 22M,
Tol St I. & W. 15%
Tol St L & W pfd 100 25% 25% 25
Union Paclnc 46.600 72% 70 71%
Union Pacific pfd.. 200 84% 84% 84
Waba»h pM ...... 6no 18% 17% 17%
Wabaih pfd 1,800 31% 29% .30%
Wlieel & Lake Erie .... 14
Wisconsin Central. 900 1« 15% 15%
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 200 35 34% 35
Express Companies —
Adams " .... 220
American 180
United States . ... 100
Wells-Fargo 200
Miscellaneous — ?
Amalgam Copper.. 61.400 38% 36% 3?%
•Am Car & Foundry 3.400 21% 19% 20%
Am Car & F pfd 5.. 1.700 68 C5V* 67
Am Llnteed Oil ... 2,100 9 9 9'i
Am Lin OH pfd 26
Am Locomotive ... 4,600 ' 14% 12V; 13%
Am Locomotive pfd 900 72% 71% 72
Am Smelt & Ref.. £.000 42 41%
Am Smelt & R pfd. 200 84% 84% 85%
Am Sugar Refining 23.300 115% 111% 115
Anaconda M In Co 62
Brooklyn Hap Trn. 7.400 33% &1% 33%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 300 31 2S»* 31
Columbus & H Coal 100 10% . 10^ 10
Consolidated Gas .. 300 174.% 173% Ii3%
General Electric .. 400 14&% 14$> 147
Internat Paper .... 1.100 10% 10 11
Internat Paper pfd • • • • 81
Internet Pump "I,,
Internet Pump pfd Jp'H
National Biscuit ... 500 34% 33M, 33%
National L«id .... 300 12U US 12%
North American .. 20O 74 74 .2%
Pacific Mall 300 • 20% 20 20%
People's Gag 900 91% 00% 91%
Pressed St«el Car.. 600 32 30 31%
Pressed 9 Car pfd • • • 70
Pullman Pal Car. . . 200 214 213 212
Republic Steel 700 . 8 14 8 8
Republic Steel pfd. 1.200 B7U 50 5<
Rubber Goods " 800 14% 1* 14
Rubber Goods pfd 68
Tenn Coal A Iron.. 1.800 29% 25<% 29
U S Leather 400 7 6% 7
U S Leather pfd... $00 75% 74% 75
U S Rubber »%
U S Rubber pfd .... 34
USStH 20.600 14U 13% IS**
US Steel pfd 55.005 6O 57Vi 50V 4
Western Union ... 5.&0O 82 81} , 81%
'Total sales ...569.400
NEW YORK BONDS.
V S ref 2s. reg. . .10fl%|L & N unified 4c. fl?%
Do coupon lf>6% ! Man con gold 4s.lOHi
Do 3s. reg 107% Mex Central 4s... «9
Do coupon 108U- Do 1st lne .... 13%
Do new 4s rrg.134 Minn & St L 4s. f«u +
Do coupon 135 M. K & T 4s 97
Do old 4e. reg..H0ii| Do 2ds 76%
Do coupon 110%'N R of M con 4s. 74
Do he. reg 101 H N T Cen gen 3%s 97%
Do coupon 1021 j N J Cen gen 5s.. 129%
AtrhUon gen 4s.. 99% Northern Pac 4s. .101%
Do adj 4s 9T.%i Do 3s 70%
Atlantic C L 4n.. 00 'N & W con 4s... 05%
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 99% 1 Or S L 4s & par. 01
Do 3%s. 93%iPenn conv 3%s.. W'i
Ontral of Ga 55.105% Reading gen 4s.. 96
Do let Ine T,S ! StL & I M con 5s.H0
Ches & Ohio 4%s.l01% St L & 8 F fg 4s. 81%
Chi & Alton' 3%*. 72 ;Pt. L S W 1st*.. 94%
C. B & Q n«»w 4s. fl2% Seaboar<J*A L 4s. 88
¦ C M&StP ftfn 4R.100 .Southprn Pac 4s. 86
CAN W con 7*.131Vi Southern Ry 5s.. 112%
C. R I & P 4s.. 71% Texas & Pac lets. 115
Do col 5s 71 T, St L ft W 4s.. 68%
CCC A StL g*n 4s 96 Union Pac 4s 101%
Chicago Term 4s. 73% Do conv 4s.... 1*414
Con Tobacco 4s... 54 t T S Steel 2d 5s. 71 'i
Colo & South 4s. 84 Wabash lsts 115%
D & R G 4* »9% Do deb B 53Vi
Erie prior Hen 4s. 06T» Wheel & L E 4s. 87
Do g»-n 4s 8.1 Wisconsin Cen 4s. S»%
Ft W & D C 1st. 104 C F & I con 5s.. 69%
Hocking Val 4%s.lO5»i
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 Little Chief 07
Alire 1* Ontario v . 4 50
Br*«»re lOOphlr 1 40
Bruns Con 01 Phoenix 07
Com Tunnel 06% Potosi Ill
Con, Gal & Va... 1 15 Savage 2.5
Horn Silver ..... 1 00 Sierra Nevada 45
Iron Sliver 1 40 Small Hopes ..... 15
Leadvllle Con ... <± Standard 2 00
BOSTON ETOOKS AND BONDS.
Money — jWestlnghouse cm. 07
Call loans 3©4 Mining —
Time loans 5<g(J lAdventure 3%
Bonds — jAllouez -»'<,
Atchison lsts ... 9S%fAmaigamated 38
Mex Central 4s.. BS iBingham 21%
Railroads — jCal & Hecla ....430
Atchison 6«ViiCentennlal IB
Do pfd' v^VCopper Range ... 44%
Boston & Albany.248 Pom Coal 67y.
Boston & Maine. 1«7 Franklin 7
Eo6ton Elevated. .137 Isle Royale ...... Ti'i
N Y N H & H..1UJ Mohawk 30
Fltchburg pfd ..135 Old Dominion ... a
Union Pacific'... VI % Osceola 54
Mexican Central.. 104 \\ Parrot 16
Miscellaneous — Qulncy 85
Amer Sugar ....115 Santa Fa Copper. lVi
Do pfd 1 1 1 >-i Tamarack b5
Amer Tel & Tel.l23b'Trinity 5%
Gen Electric ...14B , United States ... 17 «*
M&ss Electric ... 18% Utah 2«%
' Do pfd 77 (Victoria |2V4
United Fruit ,... 95 jWlnona G%
U 8 Steel l3T;i Wolverine 64
Do pfd 50%'
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy. 12V»e for light medium. 14*ie for light.
15c for extra light. 18c for sugar-.-rured ami
19c for extra sugar-cured; £astern sugar
cured Hams, 15Vic; California Hums, 14»;e;
Mess Beef. $11 5ft per bbl; extra Mess,
$12@12 50: Family. $13^13 00; prime Mess
Pork. $19; extra clear $25; Mess. J20; Dry
Salted Pork, 12%c: Pig Pork. $28; Pigs' Feet.
$5 25; Pmoked Beef, 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierceg quoted at 7Ue per lb for
compound and »@t>V*e for pure; half barrels,
pure. 9%c: lo-lb tins, 8*iftl0e; 5-lb tins. 10^®
10?4c; 3-lb tine. lOUfllO^e.
. COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 9%c; thre«
half barrels, 8Hc; one tierce, »%c; two tierces,
OV*c; five tierces. 9V»c per lb.
Chicago was higher on the day. but reported
that Hogs had been declining rapidly during
the past few days and that packers were mak
ine very little effort to maintain the prices
of oroducts.
Hams. Bacon and Lard are 'quiet at th«
decline mentioned yesterday, with Lard es
pecially weak. Th,en5 is no change in barreled
goods.
Provisions.
RAISINS— F. o. b. prices. Fresno, for 1803
crop: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel. 2-crown,
Biic per lb; 3-crown. 6«ic; 4-crown. tfHc: Seed
less Muscatels. 4»«c: do floated. 4%c: un
bleached Sultanas, 4%c: Thompson's Seedless.
6%c. London Layers— 2-crown, $1 23: 3-crown,
$1 33; 4-crown clusters, $2; 6-crown D#he*a9.
12 50; 6-crown Imperial!!. $3; Malaga Loom. 2
crown. 5c per lb; do 3-crown. 5*»e; Valencia
Cured. 4Uc: Pacific do. 3*;e: Oriental do. 2&e.
Seeded Raisins — 16-o». packages, fancy. 8c p«r
lb: choice. 7T»c; 12-oz. packages, fancy. 6Sf.
choice. 6%c; In bulk, fancy. 794C-. choice. l%r.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. .1 softchell. 13%c; No.
2. ll%c; No. 1 hardshell, 13c; No. 2. lie;
Almond*, lie for Nonpareils, 10%c for I X L,
lOVic for Ne Plus Ultras and 894c for Langue
doe; Peanuts, 64?7c for Eastern; Pecan*. 111?
13c: Cocoanuts. $4 50@5; California Chestnuts,
10<gl5c per lb.
HONEY — Comb. n»w,12V4fl'14c for white and
P'g'lle for amber; new water white -extracted,
5H l 5^Hf: llrht amb»r extracted, 5c; dark.
3«*<64'.T,e.
BEESWAX— 27629c.
The steamer Uarda has eleared for Europe
with large invoices of Prunes, as follows :
For Germany, 72»,891 lbs. valued at $12.2*7;
for Holland, 81.377 Its. at 11237; for Belgium,
84.399 lbs. at $1525.
FRUIT — Apricots. 7©9%C for Royals and
Dfrlllc for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4*4
"Sft'.jr; sun-dried. 3%<34c; Peaches, 54?7c;
Pear*. 6©10c; Nectarines, 4S5%c; Figs, white,
4?4^c In boxes, black 4&C Plums, pitted.
6@9c per lb.
PRUNES— 1903 crop, 2»4®3Uc for th» four
Sizes. . . , ¦¦:¦:
The trade report a very fair demand for
Dried Fruits. Raisins and Nuts, though there
is no pronounced activity In anything. Price*
as a rule are steady. to firm. Honey Is well
held, with no concessions on the part of sell
ers ¦ .
Dried Bruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy. $4® 4 25: Buckwheat
Flour, $4 .1CKS4 75: Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats. bbls. $7 23-88 60; in sacks. $8 75@8 10:
Pearl Barley. $0; Split P,eas, boxes, $7; Greea
Peas, $5 fiO per 100 lbs.
Quotations remain as for a week or iwo
past. There Is the usual local Jobbing: de
mand. .
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 60©
4 K5. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 fvO-gi 60;
Oregon and Washington. $3 90@4 20 per bbl
for Family and $3 f>0<5?4 40 for Bakers'.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Western, sacked, SI 32% for Yellow, $1 32M
for White and $1 30 for mixed; California large
Yellow, $1 35ft 1 40; small round do, nominal:
White. $1 35@1 40 per ctl.
RYE — The market is steady and quiet at
$1 25@1 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25(^2 50 per ctL
91 17>4@1 22»4; Chevalier, $1 2031 45 for fair
to choice. ¦»
©eeember, >$1 12%.
OATS — There is nothing especially new In
this market. ; Offerings are ample for all cur
rent needs and while quotations are reported
weak, there is no decline. - •
White. $1 20@l 32^;' Black. $1 4001 60;
Red, n 20<®l 25 fcr feed and |1 25@1 35 for
seed; Gray, $122461 27% per -ctl.
<*RN— All dealers report. a dull and unsat
isfactory market at unchanged quotations. The
almost daily receipts from the West keep the
market well supplied.
<- FUTURES.
Session 8 to 11:30 a. m.
December, $1 12%.
¦> 2 p. m. Session.
Nutmeg Melons, 5Ocg$l per box; 'Watermel
ons. 5@2Oc each. • • . - '
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges, $2 50®2 73 for
fancy Valenclaa. $2g2 25 for choice and $1@
1 60 for standard: Lemon*. $133 per box:
Grape Krult. $1 50-02 60; Mexican Limes, $40
4 .30; Bananas, $101 75 per bunch for Ha
waiian and $293 for Central American: Pine
apples, $292 £<> per dozen. '
Continued on Pag© FiftMO.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 21. 1903.
STOCK MARKET.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Oct. 20.— Easter cables and fa
vorable weather for the movement at well u
the situation in Wall street were Influence*
that caused wheat to open barely steady.
Local traders were inclined to be rather cau
tious in their trading early In the day, and
thejre was some scattered liquidation, but with
reassuring news from Wall street and on ac
tive buying by one or two big bull operators
the market developed a stronger tone. .The
best support, however, came from .the con
ditions in the Northwest and th«' Improved
export business. Duluth reported 100.000 bush
els taken there for shipment.' and reports from
Minneapolis said that country millers wer*
buying wheat there. December was in active
demand and advanced to 8U4c. At this figure
there was considerable profit-taking and > the
sentiment during the latter part of the ses
sion wa« inclined to weakness. December
cloned He higher at «OV4(?8O*4c.
Corn waa easier at the start, due to favor-
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES
fe GRAND
AUCTION SALE
Ot Magnificent
ALL-PURPOSE HORSES.
40 head, weighing from 1200 to IM© »«..
ages ranging from 4 to 8 years: also s«Tt*ral
standard-bred roadsters: Edith. 2:10: Monaco.
2:15. and mares by Director. Oay McKina«y.
etc. These fine horses are all sound, wall bro-
ker, and suitable for any kind of work. Sal*
tak«s place tais
WEDNESDAY EVENING, OCT. «x.
Commencing at 7:45.
Occidental Horse Exchange,
248 Third 8t. near Folsora.
WILLIAM O. LAYNO, Llv-stock Anctl9n»«.
Horses at salesyard Tuesday.
AUCTION SALE AT ARCADB ROMS
MARKET. 327 8IXTH ST., WEDNKSDAT.
October 21. at 11 a. m. By order of J. How-
ard Mitchell of Tolo County. I will sell 40 good
young horses. To be sold without limit or r*- ,
serve. JOHN J. DOTLE. Auctioneer.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY,; OCTOBER 21, 1903.
14
HELP WANTED — PEMA-E — Con.
AT S. F. EMPLOYMENT BUREAU, 17
Fourth st.
Women for housework (2), $30 and fd.
Girl as companion for lady, city, $15 and fd.
Waitress, city boarding-house, $20 and fd.
Girl for Oakland, housework, $15 and fd.
Call early and tell us the kind of a Job you
want and we will find it for you; best Jobs
in city: all work guaranteed; no fakes.
S. F. EMPLOYMENT BUREAU,
,\ , Phone Grant 26.
EEWINO MACHINES OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS »& CO.'3
FACTORIES 32% FREMONT ST. AND 1S73
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
GIRL wanted to do general housework in a
small family. Apply 715 Scott St.; references
required.
CIGARETTE makers wanted: learners taken;
• eteady work; good wages. The John Bollman
Co., corner Front and Pacific sts. . '
FINISHER on ladies' cloaks and suits. GOLD-
MAN & KRAMER. 750 Market s^
WANTED — Improvers at dressmaking. CAL-
LAHAN. 830 O'Farrell St. ¦
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
Ing; wages $18.' 42 Stanley place.
GIRL to learn dressmaking thoroughly; \ 347
Bartlett. bet. 24th and 25th.
GOOD girl for housework; no cooking. 1720
Sacramento st.
CHOCOLATE and benbon dipper at 1400 Polk
street.
WANTED— Girl for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde gt. ¦ '
WANTED — A girl for plain cooking and gen-
eral housework; wages $25. 1888 Fell st.
AN old lady to assist In housework; good
- home; small wages. 116 Natoma st.
WOMAN for housework; wages $25. Apply
SE. corner .Alabama and Montcalm sts.
WANTED— An elderly German lady for house-
work; 2 In family. 819 Diamond st.
GIRL for light upstairs work; fair wages. Ap-
ply 130 Sixth st.
WANTED — G*ood lroners. The French Laun-
dry Co.. 3372 Mission st.
WANTED— Experienced salesladies for cloak
and suit department; good wages. Address j
S. K. A CO.. box 4449. Call office. .
A GOOD operator on vests; a steady position.
Apply R. THOMAS. Foreman S. N. Wood
Factory, 27 Geary st.
TAILORESS on coats; good pay; steady work;
highest wages paid. McBAGGART, S986
Eighteenth St.. corner Noe.
GLOVEMAKERS — Experienced banders and
btndert.; also apprentices; wages. CARSON
GLOVE CO.. 123 Second St.
GIRLS about 15 for factory work; good wages.
Apply ct once, AMES A HARRIS. 100 Sac-
ramento Et.
FINISHERS on custom coats. 600 Kearny st.,
. room 4. • '
GIRL to assist In light housework: 4 adults;
wages $15; sleep home. Apply 2160 Stelner.
OPERATORS and finishers on white eWrts.
ROGERSON'S. 635 Valencia st. •
1
MENDERS, hand sewers and crocheters. Ap-
ply J. J. PFISTER KNITTING CO.. 412 Polk.
YOUNG lady stenographer and bookkeeper;
references. Box 2C20, Call office.
WANTED — Girl to assist In light housework;
wages $15. 1014 Jackson st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday ; salary no object.
2 LADIES cf good^ddress to represent a high-
grade magazine. 69 Columbian bldg.. city.
FIRST-CLAPS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett. Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. _¦ _^
I m wanted — male! ~~~~
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third St., nr. Call bldg.: phone Bush 405.
FREE FXRE.
NEVADA NEVADA.
Reno, Golconda and Ryndon.
1C0 laborers, $2 a day; S. P. R, R, Co.'s own
work.
FREE FARE.
SALT LAKE TRESTLE*
10 carpenters. $3 30 a day.
Board $4 50 a week; brins tools.
S. P. R. R. FREE FARB.
SHIP TO-DAY.
OREGON CQAL MINES.
FARE ADVANCED.
8 ecal miners, 6-foot vein; $1 a ton; ship
- to-day.
4 laborers, city, 9 hours, $2 25.
4 men for rock quarry, $2 25 a day.
CHICO. BUTTE CO.
Half Rate Fare. $2 80.
12 teamsters, $2 50 a day. j
10 laborers, $2 25 a day.
Ship to-day; fee $1.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 50 Third st.
A— 15 CARPENTERS with tools $3 50 day
For Salt Lake Trestle Work.
Board $4 50 week Free fare
WK) laborers. State, of Nevada $2
Board $4 50 week.:.. ....Ship dally
Absolutely Free Fare for All Above.
C. R. HANSEN & CO. ...Employment Office
429 Bu5h st 642 Clay et.
AT "E. & B." R. R. Labor Agency,
-"¦" 63S Commercial st.
Free Fare — Free Fare.
50 tunnel men, $2 50 to $3 day.
50 muckers and drillers, $2 to $2 50 a day.
100 laborers, $2 a day.
Long Job; eight months' work.
Free fare^ — Ryndon, Nevada.
I _. & B." R. R. LABOR AGENCY.
' » 638 Commercial et.
ENGINEER for mine. ?3 day: electrician. ?TSO
and found; carpenters, $3; jobbing carpenter,
good wages; 2 farmers and wives. $40 and
$50 and found; sheepherder. $3 day: labor-
ers. ?2 day; quarrymen, $2 25 day; coopers,
cooks, waiters, butlers, porter, country hotel,
. $.".0, and many others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 62S Sacramento st. , :¦'.." ' ¦ ¦
ANDRE'S Office,' 317 Stockton St.— Walter,
restaurant. $10 50 a week; -waiter, small
place, $20; cook for family. $50; night and
day cooks, lunch counter, country. $35 and
$45; ¦ butler, $40; ¦ choreman for nursery, $20
to S'.Ti; assistant waiter. • $30; hotel , porter,
$20; dlshwaaher. hotel. 325 and fd.. etc.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12/
1 . Pantryman,- $30; bartender. $75 and found. -
WANTED — Second cook, one trimmer, one boy,
one Ealler. S. S. Uarda, for Hamburg. Ap-
ply to captain, 7 o'clock a. m., to-day.
Union st. wharf No. 2. V ;
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
.soled when you can get it -done for 25c, 50c
• and tSOc, while you wait at. 563 Mission St.,
'. bet. l«t and 2d sts., or 11 Third St.?
WANTED^— Salesman s (young . man) boys' fur-
nishing "'goods department. Apply 8. N.
WOOD &.Cp.. 740 Market st. ,
STRONG school boy to carry morning paper;
south Market st. ; no Sunday work. Room 8,
1508 ' Market gt. ,.,-', '
WANTED — Two top -mattress makers ; union
shop. Apply Wakefleld Mnfg. Co., 461 ; and
463 Fourth ; st.. Oakland. ' •
FIFTY boys wanted at JOE ROSENBERG'S,
11 O'Farrell st. r t
POLISHER on fine diamond mountings; steady.-
LACROIX A ALKALAY. 3 Hardle place.
2 , GOOD men; neat In - appearance; : references
'¦ required. "110 Geary ; st., "¦¦ fourth floor. • .; -
A' YOUNG' man as porter;' references. . Crystal
Hotel. Fourth and Berry sU.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN _ CO.. 14 Montgomery
fc
A— HOUSES *nd flats to let: an Immense" list:
Fervice . absolutely free: take advantage of
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 243-253 Geary
¦ tt. on the square.
CASTRO 800 — 9 sunny rooms, bath. large
basement, yard: key Sll .Caatru tt.
VAN, , NESS ave.. 2104. n*af Pacific — Modern
house; 10 rooms; rent 170.
SUNNY house; 8 rooms; $40. Sffl McAllister
street. \ .
BEFORE moving get our printed Us* of houses
to let. BALDWIN A HOWELL. 25 Post st.
A NICELY furnished sunny cottage. Western |
Addition: will rent 6 months, complete, with
piano. Box 2623. Call office".
i HAYES, 1423, near Park Panhandle— 6 rooms.
1 bath. larre ctcset, yard, basement: accom-
modate 4 to 6 adults: desirable. Call 12 to a.
HOUSES FURNISHED FOR SALR.
MUST sell at once the f umKure of 7 sunny
rooms; ohear> rent. 2240 Post st.
HOUSES WANTED.
HOUSE of 14 to IS rooms, on long lease, with-
in 5 blocks City Hall. Apply 1170 Market
• St.. room 64.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Between Trocadero and Cliff House, one
It fly's gold watch; monogram M. D. one
side, small diamond on the other; $20 re-
ward. Return A. E. SATHER, care Mur-
phy. Grant A .Co.. Bush and Sansome sts. -
LOST — One large and 2 small envelopes, also
. black Russian leather book; all containing
private papers; return, receive liberal reward.
LPN D. OWENS. 7 Tenth St.. S. F.
LOST — Eyeglasses -going from Oak and Bu-
chanan to La?una to Hayes to Gough; re-
ward. Box 2tj27. Call. *
PAIR of opera glasses at California Theater.
Liberal reward. GEORGE BENNETT. 112
Leidesdorff st. .
LOST — Small purse, gold trimmings; Fischer's
Theater, Tuesday evening; liberal reward.
64 Pierce st.
STRAYED— Oct. 18. from 453 Eddy St.. small
black and white fox terrier, named Baron;
reward for return.
LOST — Spaniel; female; white, red spots; an-
swers name Chippie. Return 1023 Guerrero
St.; reward. .
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold snd silver to make new watch cases.
MEDICAL.
SAN FRANCISCO'S EMINENT PHYSICIAN.
DOCTOR WHITER
TREATS WOMEN ONLY
7C2 MARKET ST.. room 7. Phone Red 3321.
Every facility for tha BEST treatment of
ell diseases and disorders of women. Elegant
sanatorium. Select patients. Strictly conn- ,
dentlal. Fees within the reach of all.
MRS DR. WYETH. specialist for all femals
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to 828 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008U Market st.. opp. 5th,
DR. G. W? O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on femala
complaints: positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped: the most difficult cases treat-
ed; advice free. Office. 101S Market St.
Dr*. Goodwin. 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness — Expert
in obstetric*, female complaints: Inst. relief;
trtatmtnt $10; hours, 10 to 5; 25 yrs. exper.
1 MRS. D. ALLEN'. 1113 Market— Reliable ladles'
rpeciallst; a private home before and during
j confinement; be*t medical care: low fees.
} A maternity villa: private: secluded; conflden-
! tlal. Dr. K. Funke. 1416 Eighth st., Alamed*.
DR. and MRS. IXAVIES and HINDOO HERBS: j
original method of treatment. 1126 Market ts.
DR. ROSEN resides 2065 Folsom st., cor. 26th;
ladles, relief or n,> fee: $10.
DR. NO TOY KKE. 31!» Powell St.. opposite
' Union square : all disrascs cured by herbs.
MILLINERY.
LADIES — 200 stylish hats to select from; leass
sold must vacate February 1, 1901: save
money by calling on MME. POSCH. 207 Post.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSII & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles ; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulley:, shafting, etc., etc.. bought, sold,
rented snd exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beal« st.
A — Fine suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny st..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $175. Pop-,
ular Price Hatters. 330 Ksarny St.. near
' Pine: open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, eells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers water pipe shafting, pulleys,
etc. 'WHITE— AW. 253-253 Spear st.
FOR SALE — Stockton Incubator and a brooder;
nearly new. 1001 Fifty-fifth st.. Oakland,
near Golden Gate. .
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 30 pair;
foot- form shoes at $2 30; we pay expre»s
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog, free.
LARGEST runts and other pigeons; trained
Irish setter. 2141 Llndfn gt.. Oakland.
Al ENGINE. 1Cx3(5; slide valve: about 175 HP.;
good as new; bargain. P. O. box 20*0.
BEST Burbank potatoes, $1 15 the sack de-
livered. Phone Grant 70; write, call. 115 Mkt.
A VERY fine diamond over 3 karats for $335
at W. JaIIESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
3, K AND 10 hp. gasoline engines; 2d-hand; al!
sizes, new. E. B. BECK * CO.. 122 Market.
NEW. and second hand machinery of all kinds.
KROGH MNFG CO.. 519 Market st. ¦ ¦-.-» ¦=-
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale.. rental;
bargatns. Bulls rd & Breck. 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU-
GENE R1LEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film and song slides. 109
Montgomery et. . : ...-.
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st. -
i All bargains ;camp stools and chairs ihammocks,
metal beds.mattresses.J.F.Hotter,712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
v picture machines, films. Badgalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engine-, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 48 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-band typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Montry.
WANTS.
WANTED — Good Call route; Mission preferred; !
state full particulars. Box 4455. Call. j
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off I
clothing; send postal. MORRIS, 870 Folsom. ]
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1149 Market et. : phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
TILTON wants good ' second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 1S4 9th st. : tel. Jessie 2331.
A BIG price paid for sealskins: send postal. |
25 Stockton St.: phone Bush 484. !
.. . MONEY TO LOAM. j
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY, "™"~~~"
* ¦ 601-6U2-6O3 Examiner building.
'Quick settlements; no disappointment.
' Save expenses by dealing directly. !
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased."
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
INTEREST REDUCED TO 5 PER CENT. .
DEAL DIRECT: SAVE EXPENSES. .
I will loan on 1st. 2d and 3d mortgages. SAN
FRANCISCO. OAKLAND. TOWN. COUN-
TRY PROPERTY and REAL ESTATE In
probate; send full particulars of property; no
answer otherwise. Box 249^ Call office.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal* to permanent salaried people on
their note without security or knowledge of
employer: lowest rates: no commission. Na-
tional Credit Co.; 6S and G9 Donohoe bulld-
I Ing. 1170 Market gt.
HIGHLY .' respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 848
Market st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters. ¦ boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; largest business In
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
•A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano: no remov-
al no commission, no publicity ;$25 up; quick.
prVate, - confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 7.
EaiPLOl'MEXT WAXTED-— MALE.
POSITION wanted as engineer by sober, re-
| liable man; 10 years' experience. Address
j 72t> Hov.-ard St.. room 3. .
j MIDDLE-AGED single man would like a po-
sition in the country; wages no cbject. Box
4154, Call office.
A PLAIN carpenter, middle-aged, wants light
work in house or shop; small v/aces. 511
Taylor St.; basement.
SOBER, steady German, wants position ; private
place; care horse, cow, garden or small
dairy. Box 4457. Call. -
I YOUNG man would like situation as porter In
hotel, saloon or hospital; experienced. Box
. 2C2S. Call -office;
Eastern man, with 25 years' experience, like to
have position as superintendent or foreman
for contractor and builder, on in 'or outside
work; good draughtsman and flgurer on plans j
of any description. Box 2014. Call.
RELIABLE elderly man wants work; under-
stands care of horse, cow, garden and chick-
ens; references. Address Reliable, box 2021,
Call office. ' .
! AMBITIOUS married man. sober, reliable, age
30 good address and appearance, wants work
of' any kind; fair salary; city or country.
Box 4799. Call office.
! FIRST-CLASS bartender and grocery clerk. Al
mixer, speaks German and English, desires
position: first-class references. Box 4796,
Call ofllce.
" YOUNG man, neat appearing, seeks a posl- ;
tlon as bookkeeper, or assistant, or col-
lector: stenographer; epeaks, reads and
writes the German language; best of refer- I
ences. Box 720. Call office.
STEWARD for club or sents in chambers, prlv.
liege cooking, speaks and corresponds Ger-
man and French, sober, age 30; disengaged
Nov. 6. F. C. R.. Box 713. Call.
AN experienced bookkeeper can spare 2 hours
daily to take charge of books of small busi-
ness house. Address box 4793. Call^
YOUNG rr.an wants position on ranch or hand-
ling stock; can fill position as foreman; $40
and board required. Box 4776. Call.
A JAPANESE poultryman wants work on
poultry farm: wages. Address M. Y. NIB,
923 Sacramento st,
A JAPANESE young man wants to. do some
kind of work before 8 a. m. in return for
small room; vicinity of 1911 Fillmore st.
JAPANESE boy wants a position to watt at
• table and second work; have good experience.
l Box _61», Call. . ¦¦ ¦ /
! A JAPANESE couple want housework In the
city. 1410 Pine st. ; telephone Hyde 171.
A CHINESE, first-class cook, wishes position;
¦ hotel or boardlns-house; pastry and meat;
j good references. S12 Clay St. •
i CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
j received at Call branch office, 1200 Fillmor*.
! A BRANCIl office for Call advertisements and
fuY-scrlptlons has been established at 1000.
j Valencia tt.
FIX A X CI AL.
) 4~PER~CENT to 6, PERCENT HIGH ORADB
Municipal, School. Railroad and . Corporation
Bonds,
Bank and Trust Company Stocks,
Selected for conservative investors.
Write for information to
HEAZELTQN & CO.,
Etock and Bond Brokers.
Hayward Building,
San Francisco. Cal.
FLATS TO LE .T'
! zzm
! A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list; '
sen-Ice absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
et.. on th* square.
NBW up-to-date flat, 8 rooms, modern, 1390
; O'Farrell St.: 4-room flat, newly finished,
• comer O'Farrell and Laguna, $15 per month.
Apply MADISON _ BURKE.
1 GOUGH, 2519. near Vallejo— Sunny lower flat of
1 6 rooms and bath: rent reduced to $23. VON
i RHEIN R. E. CO.. 513 California st.
$.10 — NRW upper flat; 8 fine large sunny rooms;
2 tollet3; concrete basement: fine finish. 130
Second ave., near Sacramento st. "
BUSH, 1651, near Franklin— -7 sunny rooms;
upper flat; $:57 r>0; yard, etc.; rear entrance.
ELLIS, 810. nr. Polk— For business purposes; 3
rms.; all conveniences; electric light, power.
PIERCE and McAllister sts., NE. corner— 9
rooms; new: r*nt $57 50. ¦ '
WASHINGTON, cor. Lyon; new flats: 7 and
; 9 rooms; separate entrances; rents $45 & $55.
2 MODERN flats, 0 and 7 rooms and large
basements. 1010 Bush, near Van Ness; cheap.
Fli.tTS TO LET— FURNISHED.
TWO large rooms, hall and cellar; complete
for .housekeeping; sunny, clean and on car
llne^ for sale cheap; rent. $0. Address, 3
days, box 4458. Call. .-¦
FLATS* FOR SALE FURNISHED.
FLAT of C newly furnished rooms; cause, de-
parture; rent $22 50. 315 Gpugh st. '
NO reasonable offer ref used : furniture of 8-
room flat: boarders. 10.'U McAllister s_
FURNITURE WAXTED. ~T
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 44(52,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURD, auctloneer.lSW Mkt. :tel. Howard 275«.
' m ~— * — *— * — ' *^* — ~ ***"— "^ — ¦ — — — — — ¦ — — »
¦ HELP WASTED — FEMALE.
WANTED — Cook, washing, • 4 family, $45;
cook, no wash, .$35; country, 3 family: 5
cooks, German _nd American families. !?30;
parlor maid, ¦*".'>; maid and seamstress, $25;
cook and second _irl. same house. $30, $25;
2 nurse girls, $13, $25; nurse girl, Benieia,
$25; dormitory work, $20; waitress, hos-
pital, *'-<>; housework, San Rafael, $30;
housework, San Jose, ?30; cook, 8 men. $23;
i cook. Vallejo, $25; 00 hotifre girls, city and
country, ?20, $25, $30. j Apply to J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 334 Sutter et. -
WANTED — Two men and> wives for small,
: private places. See boss, office, this morn-
ing. • Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 534
Sutter «t. . ¦ '
; A COOK for a plain boarding-house in city,
$30: a laundress for a private family, $30; a
cook for 3 in family (German cooking), $30;
a waitress for a restaurant, ?8 a week; a
waitress for small family, San Mateo, $25;
a strong chambermaid for private family in
city. $30; twenty good housework girts for
city places, $25; a housework girl for coun-
try. 2 In family. $30. Apply MISS PLUN-
1 • KETT, 425 Sutter St.. near Powell.
I TEN waitresses to work from 11' a. m. until
2 in t!ie afternoon on Sundays only;.$l a
day. MISS PLUNK ETT. 425 Sutter st.,' near
Powell.' * -
! A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish In 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladles, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
' day and evening class. 143 Stockton st., r. 13.
; A — WANTED — Girls to \ learn halrdresslng,
manicuring, etc. ; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
; eltlons to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school in
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13. : :S1'
A — LADIES to learn all branches halrdrestlng
• trade; manicuring. 'massage,- etc.. 1236 Mar-
ket st.. cor. Jones,' room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve, class; call. ,
WANTED—^Bright -girl, for office work; must
' ¦: be good at figures; show for advancement.
: Apply box 2625, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED American; light housework;
'¦ small American family; $15. . 371 Minna St.,
near Fifth.
UO^TEY TO 1.OATt-—C*»ntipn*1t. t
THE Open Credit Assn. makes advances to x%-
Vponslble salaried people, confidentially nsw
and simple plan; easy Installments Room
50. Academy of Sciences. 819 Market st.
8TRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
niture. Pianos or to salaried people on their
note; proper treatment guaranteed ILLiNOI3
TRUST CO.. r. 18. Phelan bid.. tel.M-ln 704.
M. JACOBSEN A CO.. room 621. Emma Spreck-
els Bulldipg. loans money on real estate and
all other securities: confidential; Io~ rates.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE^ 103 Orant ave..
LOANS FROM *1,TO $10.000.
MONEY to loan en low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J.'HESTHA-'S. IP Sixth «t.
TO salaried people without securit>; on fur-
niture. Indorsed notes and other security.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
I YOU can borrow more money on your furnltur*
t than any other place In city; no commission.
I B12 Parrott building; phone South 6^5.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month _»*
$1(100; any security. 302 Montgomery, room 1Q.
ON furniture piano; no removal. B. W. LICK.
1003 Mutual Savings Bank bldg.. 708 Mar_et.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. O. W.
MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle bldg.
S% ON furniture A pianos; $15 up; no remoraU
V. TREMAIN. room 81. 8 Eddy St.. floor «•
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 P«r cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. S3S Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming !-»_s money -to
salaried employes. R.313. Mutual Sav.Bk.PM.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
MUSICAL iySTOUME~T3.
NO trouble with people who buy th» Haln»
piano; 7000 satisfied customers the best ad-
vertisement; strictly high grade and sold di-
rect from factory to purchaser; this enables)
you to procure a first-class piano at a rea-
sonable price; we carry 14 different makes J
any piano purchased from us taken In ex-
change any time within 8 years and full
purchase price allowed on ¦_ Peerleas Bain*
or any of our other makes. Some bargain*.
all uprights: Collard. $45: Weber. $70:
Sherman - Hyde. $90; Kimball. $113; Smith _
Barnes. $150; Miller. $178; Emerson. $169;
Mansfield & Notnl $125: 2 Stetnways, $143.
$265: 2 Chlckertng. $85, $175; 2 Heine, slight-
ly used. $325. $365. and 23 others. Install-
ments $4 up; rents, $2 up. allowed on pur-
chase.* HEINE PIANO CO.. 233-237 G«ary
st.: Oakland branch. Fifteenth and Broad-
way old -P O. site. Largest exclusive
wholesale and retail dealers of tha West.
THIS AD IS OUR GREATEST EXPENSE.
We pay no rent, as we own the bulldlnr.
Tbe only reason we advertise Is to let you
know we rent the best piano In the, city for $3
per month. Now we can sell you one Just th«
nme. Our expenses are so very much less
than other firms, why not Investigate our price*
and compare notes? Invest 5c carfary and sav*
from $75 to $150 on a piano. SCOTT -CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 5C0-62-64 Hayes st.
WE' do not advise the purchase of cheap pianos.
as they are seldom satisfactory, but we hav«
planes at a medium price that can be guar-
anteed to please the most critical. Our best
sellers are the Behr Bros.. B&umelster and
Schubert. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSId
CO.. 769 Market St.
A FINE lot cf second-hand uprights from $50
up. Including such makes as Chlckerin?,
Vo«e. Kro?ger, Curtaz. Klrkham, Pease.
Hardman. Maohall A Wendell. Baus and
others. BENJ/^CURTAZ A SON. 18 O'Fsr-
rell st. No branches In San Francisco.
BAND Instruments: F. Besson. Paris, maker;
Ous Malwald. Agt. Pac. Coast, 278 O'Farrell;
skillful repairing: 2J-hand Instruments sold.
A BTECK _ GABLER upright, nearly new.
cheap: a snap. HORNUNO, 21S McAllister.
RARE chance: cash or payments: elegant high
grade upright. 16 McAllister st.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture Itrt
cheep. Whltehead's Storage, 1638 Market st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrtflce. Keeffe's,2S5 O'FarrelL
SOHMER. Byrrn Mauzy pianos. CeclMan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post St.
SUPERIOR ricllnr. zither*, old and new. H.
' MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
i OFFICES A.ND STOKES TO _KT.
STORE5 with large basement; below Kearny
st.: rent $."f>. Arcly CT.ft Clay st.. room t.
PIANOS AND ORGANS.
PART of our list of bargains In second-hand
pianos for September, 1903:
Original
Price. Nov.
2 BARNES A SON—
Walnut cases, large size, colonial
! *tyt«, thr^* pedals, 7 1-3 octaves,
equal to new $350 $273
1 EMERSON—
Walnut case. cabinet grand,
carved panels. 7 1-3 octaves, three
pedals, in fine condition, slightly
used 430 273
1 EMERSON—
Flemish oak case, cabinet grand.
very latest design and finish, nearly
new 430 300
1 SOHMER—
Mahcgany case, medium size, full
swinging desk, 7 1-3 octaves, thor-
oughly renovated and equal to new. 300 323
1 WEBER—
Rosewood case, fancy carved.
largest size.. 7 1-3 octaves, in ex-
cellent condition 630 323
1 Bradbury —
Rosewood case, large size, 7 1-3
octaves, thoroughly renovated and •
equal to new SCO 330
1 Bradbury —
Red oak case, cabinet grand.
7 1-3 octaves, thcroughly renova-
ted and equal to new 300 323
Complete list furnished nn application at our
store. SHERMAN, CLAY A CO..
r. Corner Kenrny and Sutter sts.
rEnsoxALs.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandrufi!
and ltchlns scalp; no stain or stickiness:
cleanses scalp;at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk.
WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
anteed; new method: shampooing, hair dried
by sun. 50c; dandruff cured 3 days: vibratory
treatments, for all diseases. C. HOFF. 710
Sutter st.. near Taylor; tel. Larkln 4036.
THERB1 _r<» other cereal coffees, but If you
want the best ask your grocer for Cof-farta;
absolutely pure, palatable and nourishing.
THE COF-FARIN CO., 134 Valencia st.
AN estimable gentleman desires lady partner
to travel; good business proposition. Address
F. W. MOORE. 123 Temple St.. Los An-
geles, Cal.
CLAUD AUGUSTUS CURRIE. his wlfs or
children, or any one knowing thetr where-
abouts. %lease communicate with box 714,
Call, and learn something to their ad van tag*.
BRAUN— Professor Martin, graduate masseur
of the Imperial University Hospital. Vlennv
Office 224 Starr Kins bldg.. 121 Geary. Tel.
Exchange 216. .
NOT how cheap but how good Is tha motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st. '
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 231 Grant a— >.,
corner Sutter St.; fee moderate.
LIQUOR habit cured. We guarantee to cttr* ,
the liquor habit in 2 days or no charges.
Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 997 Market, r. 202.
DRUNKENNESS morphine .and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
! 18S9 Polk St.; consultation free:call or write. .
.DANCING Tuesday Thursday. Saturday and
I Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall, Howard
: St.. near Ninth: management Prof. Foster.
REMOVAL— Dr. W. C. STRATTON has re^
moved his office from 2255 Mission st. to
rooms 573 and 574. Parrott bldg (Emporium).
AT less than cost uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYON3". London
Tailor. T21 Market st.
ELEGANT suits on essy Installments: 50 cents
i and up • per week. LEON ,LEMOS. 1127
j Market St.. bet. Seventh an* Eighth.
ANDERSON — Elegant theatrical and masquer-
ade costumes rented. 26 O'FarreU st.
I SUITS to order on Installments. $1 per week.
Neuhaus - Co.. merch. tailors. 727-729 Market.
i SUPERFLUOUS hair A moles removed by elej-
i trie needle. Dr..— Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market.
; THE best place to buy good umbrellas or
; have them covered or repaired is 120 Stockton
j TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; dress pants $2 30.
i Misftt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs,
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $l; at all druggists'.
Superfluous hair and moles removed with e!e~-
trie needle. Mrs. A Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
A WEEK'S news for 3 cents — Th» Weekly Calf
1« rages, tn w Tapper, tnr mnlllnt. $1 year
PALUISTItY. *
MME. DEVAS— Sclentlflc palmist and astrolo-
g_t. Palm readings $1. Hours 10 to 12 and
1 to 5. and Tuesday evenings. 139 Post st.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. sclentlflc palmist 313
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phone Black 561.
1'ArERHAXGlXG. PAISTIXG. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $3 50 up: tlntlnr. palntlM.
Hartman Palm Ca. 319 3d »t.; t«L Main 413.
SAJf FRAXCISCO CAL.-.
BUFINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
"Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every nirht In the year.
HRANCII OFFICES— C27 Montgomery street.
ror-ner Clay: open until 9:29 V. na.
' ::w Hayes smet; cl*n until 9:30 p. m.
. ta» _cA llincr street; c;en until 9:30 p. m.
tl5 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1041 M.ssion street; open until 10 p. m.
• 22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
tntll 8 p. m.
: 1C6 Eleventh street; open cntll 9 p. m.
1C9<3 Valencia ftre«t; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast cornrr Church and Duncan streets:
cpen until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and
Kentucky street*; cj*n until 9 p. m.
. 220A Ftllmore ftifet: open until 9 p. m.
m_i:ti.%g notices.
_OUNT Mcrlah Lodge No. 44. F. and J»
A. M.-Mo-trs THIS <WEDNKS-Vy
DAY) BYEKIKU at 7:30 o'clock. First /^f\
degree. THEO. FROLICII. See. >
CHOCKETT Lodge No. 139. F. and A. fi
M— 6'-oond decree THIS (WEUXES- VSf
DAT* EVENING, at 7::J0 o'clock /V\
sharp. R. H. MePK-BSOX. ¦ See.
I _XC_X— IOH Lodge No. 166. F. and A. O
* First and third decrees THIS •}_£
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at T/V\
o'clock Khar^. H. J. OWEN.jSec.
MISSION Lcdpe No. K59. F. and A. M.— C5
Called meeting THIS « WEDNESDAY) XX
tZVEJCXKQ at 7 :3u o'clock. Third de- /V^
gree. R. E. ALLAN. Sec.
NATIONAL Union. Call for- fcrfgJSSJJJS.
i. .a Council, rr.ffts TO- "*3_^"~__fe»
• NIGHT at Pioneer Hall. ~> Cfck
Fourth et., at S o'clock.
Visiting fri«nds cordially invited: initiation.
By order. K. A. M. GILEEKT. President.
C. H. VAN ORDEN. S^cretarj'-
NOTJCE TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF
THE SAN KKANC1SCO GAS AND
ELECTRIC COMPANY is hereby given
that pursuant to an ord"r and resolution of
the board cf directors of the San Francisco
Gts and Electric. Company adopted at a
meeting cf said beard duly held at the bfflct
cf the company In the City and County of
fen Francisco. State of California, en the
12lh day cf August. 1903, a meeting of the
•fockholders of £-an Francisco Gas and Elec-
tric Company will be held at the office of
the ccrar-any, number 415 Pest street, San
Frar.clfco. California itne same being the
i'nncipal place of business of said corpora-
tion and the building where the board of di-
rector* usually zr.tf:l). on Thursday, the 22d
day of October. 1WV5. at the hour of 2 o'clock
p. m., for the puri>i«-e of acting and voting
uprn "be propos;icn to create a bended in-
d«>bte6;iers of said corporation to the amount
in the Aggregate of ten million (10.000,000)
dollars. United States gold coin, for the pur-
pose cf acquiring property to be used in car-
rying on the business cf the corporation and
in order to provide funds for other legiti-
mate £nd necessary purposes of the corpor-
ation, such bonded indebtedness to r« 6ecured
by a mortgage or deed «f trust upon all the
lircp^rty now owned by said corporation, or
which it may hereafter acquire. By order of
the board of directors.
CHARLES L. BARRETT.
Secretary San Francisco Gas and Electrio
Ccmpany.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by hydraulic
vrocer* from E. C. Kavanaugh and William
II. Duffey. in Phillips mine, near Forest
H!!l. Placer County. Cal.. draining Into Mis-
Four! Creek, which reaches American River,
end frcm North America Consolidated Gold
Mining Conr.jany. in its mine near Gibson-
ville. Sierra County. Cal.. draining Into west
branch of Slate Creek, which reaches Tuba
River, gives iiotice that meeting will be held
et room 9G Flood building. San Francisco,
Col.. November 2. 19C3. at 1:30 p. m.
AXTO U X E Y S- AT-IiAW.
ADVICE FREE.
OLD ESTABLISHED
COLUMBIAN LAVl _ COLLECTION AGENCY
Abl« attorneys. Km. S5, al6 Market, oppo-
site Emporium. Bad tenants ejected speedily
end reasonably. Collections, no matter how
sir.a'.l. attended to; attachments; bonds fur-
nished: corpcrttiens organized: civil and crim-
inal practice. Tel. John C_0. Open evgs. by ap-
pointment. We solicit an interview with you.
A-VICE FREE. ESTABLISHED 22 TEARS
Divcrces a specialty. Private. Quick.
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
G. W. HOWE.
Attorney and Counselor at Law,
Cr<n Everir.gs 7 to tt Phone Jeesie 4711.
Offices on First Floor — Rooms 1, 2. 3, 4 and 5.
1IC2 Market St.. Between Mason and Taylor.
Alrr.cc-;. Opposite "Hale'e" Dry Coods Btore.
____________________
Practice in Federal and all State Courts.
Attachments, divorce, mining, bankruptcy,
jTcsecutions, adjustments, corporations, pat-
ents, ostatet. probate.
Experienced and Reliable Attorneys Engaged.
Advice guaranteed Correspondence elicited.
CIl MIA. 511B Croesley Bldg. Tel. John 2928.
N. E. Cor. New Montgomery and Mission Sts.
ROHT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
rocm <511; ail cases, damages, estates, wills,
*uac_ments, collections, etc.; consultation
free: no advance charges; call or write;
evenirts by arpointment. Tel, .rted SC01.
aPVICe free — I — 111 advance cost In meritori-
tvs caf*€. divorces, probate and all other law
': jr. J. M. THDRfiTOX S13 Market st.. r. 31.
WARNER TEMPLE. 03 Chronicle building;
fcankpj|-tcy, accidents, probate and matri-
tneniai rases: labor I'.ens.
A. M. BWtK- — Attomey-a t-!aw. Room C12.
rgrrou bldg.: j.hcne South (_5.
tJIVORCE — Cons. $12: qv.i-k. quiet; open even-
tr.rs. VC7 Market st.. room 301.
L.V CLARK. Emma Epreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
!¦•• ft.: concultatlon free; no fees tn advance.
/.ITKKN & ATTKEN. attorneys, rs. 309-10-11.
CUzT.'.e tl«ig- 503 California «t.; tel. Main 727.
ADVICE free; no cfcerge ur.le: s successful; all
la* hn>lri~« TV. W. Davidson. 927 Market.
IirSINESS CHAXCES.
LKA\ _ OVERCROWDED OOCUPATIOSCa. 1^
Pom' thing r.»w. refined and healthful; small
capital rf-<iuired. Address 240 Michigan ave.,
Chicago, tare of Athletic School, suite 13.
A GOOD crocery store: good location; stock
about ?7t*x>. For further particulars apply
to J. J. SCIJUTZ. care «f Haas Bros.. 100
Csllfornla st., F_n Franci3to.
BBAKCH bakery, notions, stationery, laundry
of3c» at a bargain. MOSSMAN, 411 Exam-
iner bldg.
OWING to oontinu°d ill health will sell best
paying small coffee ho-jye tmith of Market
rt. : no ac'erf^s. ib'5 Fourth st.
GOOD bakery In country town to let; account
;f other business. 4PS McAllister et.
PRINTING office for sale; established patron-
age: cheap rent: best chance for the money
in city. Box 201 fi. Ca.Il.
FOR sale— Restaurant. $200; good location;
muFt leave account of health. 1009 Powell.
FRUIT etore; 2 horses; 2 wagons: roust be
sold: elcknr-ss. Call 1545 Geary st.
FOR rale— Branch bakf>ry; good location; price
f!7V Ifi2i;u. Hyde, opp. ]>ow«»r- house.
LODGIXG-HOCSES FOR SA__T.
100 ROOM.S; bouse for men; rent $140. ..(4000
f-S rooms; south of Market: rent $100. 2000
24 icorr.s; ccrner: part cash; bal. easy. 850
11 loom*; good Income; rent $20 350
21 roorr.e; water front: rent $40; lease. C50
• 120 rooms- good lease: low rent G500
£7 rms.; ii pertinents ;Western Add.;rent 250
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hole's, roadhouees, flats, 5 to 100 rooms
EITEL _ CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
16 ROOMS, zocxl furniture and carpets. ..SHOO
23 rooms; transient; fine location $2.*00
17 room*; a h&rcaln: Pine Ft $050
' MOSSMAN, Examiner bldg., 411.
MUST SELL, account sickne**, 12-room lodg-
lng-house. 231 Golden Gate ave.; rooms
full: a bargain.
SPIRITUALISM."
PT.OF. Fred P. _vans. noted psychic for slate-
writing and c:alrvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy it., nr. Qct-vla; phone Scott 8S7.
EDWARD EAKLE. 1052 Ellis, reading, dally.
9:50 to 4: seances Sunday and Thursday.
•— — - — — — — — - - — - ___„
MY Regular f 0 Kcaaings This Week for
n $i ti $i «i $i fi
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE
The Firtt Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge if I fail to tell you your
netne. occupation end what you called for-
I promise to tell you whether husband wife
or sweetheart is true or false; 1 tell you
whom and when you will marry; in fact I
will tell you every hope, fear or ambition
better than you can u-il yourself; I improve
your character eo that you will reach the
highest possible development in mental vigor
health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; co you will live happy and contented
tbe rest of your life. Hours 10 a. m to 8
p. m.; Sundays, 2 to 8. 326 O'FarreU et.. 528.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palm let, pertn&nenTly located at 1104 Market
•t., 'sor. Tnrk: private readings daily, 10 a.
_ n_ to 8 p. m. : readings by mail as satisfac-
tory •¦ Jn person; 3 questions answered $1-
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date and ye-ar
ef birth: don't send currency. Send postofflce
Wtlls-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond night: tells the past, present and future:
lacics. 60c; gents, $1; by cards, palmistry
tod clairvoyant flitting; SI B0. 128 Turk st.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clalr. and palm.:
has w-cond eight; a wonderful- prophetess;
names; L. 60c; G. II. 714 Franklln.nr.G.G.ar.
CLAIRVOYANT^--ContlnneMl. , <
irME~il~BERNARD. I " T11V FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business m»dium. perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
blag.": the reads your life- correctly, gives -an
accurate desn-riuticn cf tbe past, reveals the
jre»ent happenines and portrays events to
occur !n the future: lr you are in frouble, J!s-
ccntenteJ or not satisfied In life. £r have do-
mestic, love rr business trouble*. «.n b ult th.s
eicat mcil.um and you will be . tw!u how to
Svereoffle them; valuable advice in a!l affairs
of life- "5c up- ratiFfactlon guaranteed; read-
ings' by ms|l._ Tel. Black 45ffi>.
MME.~LEE "palmary and clairvoyant; hours
9-5- evenings and Sundays by appointment:
r_dl_r> t ___ ket> Parl ° r ° 1; 6 '
GIFTEI) clalrvovanl test medium; names
given; ladiw. miy, 25c; 2 to 8. 1008 Harrison,
bt.. near S_th.
jT-Mn;e Havenna reads life, business advice:
Terras' eivn: "-'3c up. ft 4th St.. near Market.
MK= GARDNER, clairvoyant, car.l reader.
eC&B Minna et.. bet. 7th and 8th: hours 9-9.
OLl'KPT lady palmirt and card reader in city.
26% Keera'y, room 20; ladles 25c, gents «>0c.
MIES WARD gives names, dates and (acts;
hours 10 to 8. .413 Mason St.: no _*lj~_
MRS SUFFER, clairvoyant, card reader: »lt-
tlng* dally. 44*'-j Jeg?le St.. bet. 5th and Cth.
CAHPET HEATIXG t\D CLBAX1XG. j
AIR <omprestcd. dry. Ice cold. Is now unlver- i
tally used tn sanitarily cleaning; carpets, oa j
floor w:thcut removal or Injury: prices mod- i
e-ete. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR ,
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.: phone Main 5237. ¦
WHEN vou become disgusted with your work j
tend for SPAULDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
SMITH'S Carpet Cleaning Co.; Al work guar-
cnteed. 3c. 1S43 16th 'st.; phone Capp 1551.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rlion et.: Al cleaning. 3c: tel. Mission 225. j
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor, 329 Guerrero St.; tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating:
mattresses made over.1432 Howard;South 21tf.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM A CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH _ CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.: tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superiorv Carpet-beating Works, I
333 G<Mden Gate ave.: telephone Ka«t 12«.
COLLECTION OFFICES^
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city cr «-ountry. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41B Montgomery, rooms B-1O: tel. MW)
DE.VTISTS.
KLECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. SOU M_rkelTst^
ccr Fourth, room 7, Flood building; extrac-
tions done ralnleasly; teetn without plates [
cur tpeclaity; afold crowns. $3 £0 up: plates
}4 (o up, extraction free: office bours. 9
a. m. to 9 p. m.: Sundays. 9 to 2.
DR GRUSS, 5O4-3-6 Callaghan -bldg.. Market
and McAllister sts.. uses the Basford Obtun-
der, the only device ever Invented for grlnd-
lrg. drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at office.
DR LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr.E'.erenth
— No charge for extracting when plates ars
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from (3 per set; extracting. 60c; gas glvea.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. (3 60; fillings. 80e;
plates. $5: full set;all work palnk-es and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth at.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. ccr. Bush —
Set teeth $1 SO up; crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver. 35c; crowns. $2; no
pain: cpen Sunday. Dr.O.B.HewlM^fH Slitter.
DKESSMAKEKS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL, Dr— smaklng and Millinery School :
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst _ knife plaiting- ritew-
art'* button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
Ep yCATIOXAJL.
THE Ean Francisco Young Men's Christian
Association conducts a night school for men, ¦
an engineering school, an evening law school,
a working boys' night school and a day bu3l- ,
cess and academic school. Students hav« !
pymnasium and other privileges. Apply at
Y. M C. A. building. Mason and Ellis sts.
Lady her own decorator. In oil paint- :
EVERY ing on silk, satin, velvet and rib-
bons; lessons in circles or single;
terms moderate. FRENCH ART INSTITUTE,
1135 Gearv st. !
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post, S. '
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches;
day and night sessions; illus. catalogue free.
' HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing: established 20 years. 1412 Polk Bt..
between Pine and California: both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
AYRES, the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket St.; epecial summer course In all depart-
ments; handEome catalogue free; life echolar-
shlp. $50: day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business CoUege. 3C5 Larkln st.
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual In- ,
ctruction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university. ls«f and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fessor; day. evening sessions. - Phelan fcldg.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Eunday evenings at Teutonia Hall. Howard
tt., near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 123a
Market si. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
day _ evening sessions: write for catalogue.
A GENTLEMAN teaches privately young men
and women whose education. has been neg- i
lected; also foreigners. Call or add. 719 Post.
HEALD'S Echcol of Mines & Electriclty.24 Post
ct., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. mech., sur-
\-«y. assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1804. Van
der Nafllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
EPANISH.Frtnch.etc.Prof.DeFillppe's Academy
of LanguageE.220 Post ;estab'd 1871 : ablest profs.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 530 .Golden Gate
•vc. ; full business course: day and evening.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 421 Pine st... Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing,
etf. : day rr eve. i *5 mo. 1024 Ml«*!nn.nr «th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
G_O^E^bKZ^2r^o7rTCTteiriBush'Tl35—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help: contracts for farm help, etc.
IF you want Japanese help, advertise In Ths
New World. Japanese dally paper. 353 Geary,
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japane«»-
Chineye heln. 426 Powell. Tel. Main r>752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415
Stockton: tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411% O'FarreU: tel. Eart 42*
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment O£»
* flee: all kinds help. 315 Ctockton; Main 518S.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY ft CO.. r,40 C\%y.
I EMPLO YMEXT WAXTED— FEMALE.
A YOUNG Irish girl wants at place to do
housework where lady Is willing to teach
some cooking. Call at MISS PLUNKETTS,
425 Sutter si., near Powell.
2 GIRLS recently from New York wish situa-
tions, one as chambermaid and waitress,
other «-xdv: rlenoed an seamstress on waists
and skirts. Address 1033 Sutter Et.
A YOUNG German wants a position as cook,
no outride work; American family only.
• Apply »44 Howard et.
AN ex-]>ublic school teacher wishes position as
nursery governess or lady's companion. Box
2<a_. Call office.
COMPETENT housekeeper desires position
rooming or ajmrtment house. Address box
4<59. Call office.
2 REFINED American girls want positions as
second girl and nurse to child; same family;
country preferred; references. Box 2617, Call.
FINLAND girl, experienced ' cook, wishes
place; wages $35. 245 Clara St.
GOOD stenographer of experience and ability
desires position; salary ?60. Box 4785, Call.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Faton'f Bazaar. fi-Tt McAlllFter «t.
EMI'LO lYaiEST WAXTED MALE.
SITUATION wanted by first-class coachman;
thorouphly understands care of horses, har-
ness and carriages; understands care of
gentleman's place; first-class references. L.
S.. €50 Howard st.
GARDENER, first class, with long experience
in every branch In that line; renovating and
laying out large private grounds a specialty;
be*t references. Box 2024, Call. .
COLORED man and wife want positions as
cooks in institution, hotel or restaurant; city
or country; good references. Call 319U
O'Farreil st. .
ACTIVE and thcroughly capable man of 60
wants work around country place;! Is Mvora
friend of the animals; wages, $15.- Box
POSITION of trust wanted by marrlod man of
good address and appearance; references-
bond. Box 445«. Call.
SOBER and Industrious young man would like
position. Box 4778. CalL
HELP WASTED— MALE— Continqed.
A— MURRAY A READY. 634-63U Clay.Bt.
PHONE MAIN 584S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents. -
1902 WE GAVE 1903 WE'LL GIVH
45.C0O ME3C WORK. CO. 000 MEN WORK.
ARIZONA: OREGON.
NEVADA.
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe systems; free
pass .: - . . ¦ , ¦ . ¦ -....- ,;-o-
ON EVERY TRAIN.
SECTION HANDS, MUCKERS, DRILLERS.
Extra Gangs. Teamsters. Hammersmen.
-;S •"'- MINES. TUNNELS, QUARRIES.
Miners, all over State. $90 and $82 50.
STABLES. FARMS, ORCHARDS. DAIRIES.
' Farm and orchard hands, $30, $35. $40 fd.
Milkers. $30 to $50 and found.
Choremen, coachmen, $30 to $40 and found.
Stablemen, city, country Jobs, $30 to $00.
' SAWMILLS WOODS.
La borers, no experience wanted. $45 to $70
and found.
365 WOODCHOPPERS.
¦}¦ 287 TIEMAKERS.
All classes of experienced men for woods,
mills, etc., from $50, $60, $70, $80, $00, $100,
$12f»to $150 month.
.. COOKS. . WAITERS. PORTERS.
Cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mines and
ranches, city and country. $30 to $70 found.
Walters, city and country $25 to $40 found.
Butchers, different jobs $40 to $90 found.
MECHANICAL.
2 coopers, factor)-. 20c fare, $3 25 a day.
Located everywhere.
Laborers and teamsters; many In San Fran-
cisco; $2, $2 25
PLACER COUNTY.
16 laborers, flume work with carpenter,
$67 50.
10 carpenters, flume work, fare $3, $75.
SANTA BARBARA TO-DAY.
26 laborers, you'll suit, $45 found. •
ARIZONA '
903 MILES. PRESCOTT— MIDDLETOWN.
ARIZONA. TO-DAY * $1 50 FEE
6 slack coopers 9c: 5 cabinet-makers.
/ TO FRESNO TO-DAY.
15 laborers, lumber cojnpany* $40 to $55 fd.
2 Bhlnglers*. straight work, 70c M.
OREGON.
COAL MINERS— OREGON— FREE FARB.
65 coal miners, Oregon. $3 to $5 a day.
2 shinglers, Monterey County, 60c M.
Butcher shop, south, $47 50 and found.
5 boys learn trades. $5, $tt and $7 a week.
Electrician big lumber company, §50 found.
Shingler, Monterey. «90.
Butcher, shop, market, Santa Clara, $50.
Young Eastern man, drive wholesale milk
wa;on, $55.
4* miners, fare $4, $75. #
Man run separator, city job, ?30 found.
Painter and paperhanger, $3 50 day.
2 carpenters' helpers, fare 30c. $2 50 day.
STEWARD. $75 AND COMMISSION.
For flrst-clasa grill and restaurant.
DIAMOND " $75 4-horse teamsters.
MATCH $75 You'll suit.
COMPANY $75 Go to-day.
COST YOU *1 THAT'S ALL.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Cl_y st.
" BIG LUMBER TRUST.
Located In center of great gold center.
El Dorado County.'
25 laborers, you'll suit. $45 found.
• MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay gt.
FREE CARPENTERS Manager
" FARE CARPENTERS At our office
4 rough carpenters, flume and dam; work also
building; free fare; $00.
MURRAY & READY, 634-638 Clay, st.
TOGETHER YOU CAN GO.
Old man and wife, ranch, $45 and house.
Ranch teamsters. $30 and found.
4 farm hands, clear land, $26 and found.
6 woodchoppers, pine wood, tools and food
found, $1 per cord; also 4 shinsle bolt
makers, $1 25 cord.
Boss at our office.
MURRAY _ READY. 634-638 Pay St.
ARIZONA— ITALIANS.
55 Italians, Mexicans. BIG WAGES.
65 Auetrians, Spanish. ' Bin WAGES.
65 Portuguese. ' BIG WAGES.
Board yourselves; 2 years' job. .
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
" 35 ITALIANS. ,
Railroad ballasting, etc., steady good Job.
for Amerlc§n Steel and other trusts about
that sreat.
MURRAY & READY, 634-630 Clay st.
WANTED— For U. S. army, able-bodied, un-
married men, between ages of 21 and 35. citi-
z-ns of United States of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English. For Information apply to Re-
cruiting Officer, Rlalto building. New Mont-
gomery St., San Francisco, or Masonic build.
Ing. Sacramento. Cal. .
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair, foot-form ehoes at $2 50. or
orthopedic nhoes. $3 50;best shoes on earth. 11
-Third St.. Exam, bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
WANTED — Barber Wednesday evening and
Saturday and Sunday. 1025 Howard.
LUNCH waiter wanted at 21 Mission st.
ERRAND boy wanted. 502 Post St. ¦
WANTED — A bedmaker at 660 Howard st.
BOOTBLACK wanted In barber «hop. 1457
Octavia st.. near Post.
BARBERS — 3-chair shop: north of Market
corner; low rent. Deckelman. 106 Ellis. ¦
WANTED — For U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men. between 21 and 35;
good character; must fpeak. read and write
English;- marines serve at sea on men-of-
war In all parts of the world, on land in our
island possessions, and at naval stations tn
the United States. Apply at ;recruitlng of-
fice, 40 Ellis st., San Francisco. Cal., and
401 K St.. Sacramento. CaK
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 250 rooms: 25c to 50c per night.
MEN to learn barber trade: only 8 weeks re-
quired: special offer this month: catalogue
and full information mailed, free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers.
Apply room 14, 20 Montgomery st., San
Francisco Conetructlon Company.
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.; 14
years' practice; refererces from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
BARBERS— 5-chalr shop In heart of city for
I pale; owner going to Europe. Call DECK-
ELMAN BROS., 10U EUis st.
WANTED— Boy of Eood character; age about
ltt. Apply In own handwriting. A. SCHIL-
' LING & CO., Second and Folscm sts.
FIRST-CLASS showcasj maker: also cabinet
maker; only those thoroughly understanding
the trade need apply. 115S Mission st.
BARBERS — For sale, good-paying 2-chalr
shop. For Information call at 1547 Mission
st., after 6 r>. m.
WANTED — Young man, 15 to 18, as clerk in
hardware store: must sseak Italian; refer-
ences. 1224 Dupont st. ' , -
TRY ourvmen's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50: we pay
express or mail chrgo. 11 3d St., Exam. bid.
BUSHELMAN and coatmakers— for country.
Apply REISS BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter st.
BARBER grip and full set of tools. Apply
919 Caas st.
BARBER trade taught In 5 weeks. Address
W. C. B.. 047 Commercial st.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed.
S. Fv Barber School. 741A\Howard st.
SOLICITOR wanted: good pay. Apply 610 Sac-
ramento st.. San Francisco.
BARBER shop for sale; short hours. 127 Clay
street.
STEADY German; refs. ; tend bar. make hlm-
- self useful; wine house. . 15 City Hall square.
MAN to learn the barber trade: flrst-clas3 in-
structions guaranteed. 611 Commercial ' st.
OPERATORS wanted at once on cloaks at M.
BIMINOFF'S. 122S Market st.
BOY 16 years; good opportunity; fteady posi-
tion. . Carson Glove Co.. 123 Second st.
McDONALD & PERRY have a large stock of
new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 239 3d st.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls, room 40, Phelan
/bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post G.A.R.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st...near Mar-
, ket — 700 rooms, 35c night; reading rooms;
tree. 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH of flea for Call advertisements and
eubecriptlcns has been established at 1090
.Valencia st. . .. . . ¦ , ' >
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
¦ price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half . soled while . waiting; 25o
to 50e. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES ASD WAGONS. ;: ;
FINE rubber-tired buggy and new harness,
; also good driving horse, for sale; a bargain.
Apply 817 Montgomery ave. Te!. James 2506.
HARNESS and saddles, the\best for the money"
/ st JEPSEN BROS. CO... inc., the big store'
1145-1147 Market St.. , San Francisco.
A' FINE new. ;' rubber-tired Victoria for sale!
cheap; the latest style. 1504 Folwini'st. '.."-¦ i
BIG 'auction every Tuesday, 11 a.' m. ; horses,
harness, ¦ wagons, buggies. 1140 Fo^som st.
FOR sale^A young horse,- to make room; $50.
3372 Mission st. •
MUST be scld at a sacrifice; 5 good horses. 327
. Sixth st., : ; '. . i. r \ .' . -
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
. and gocart for sale cheap, y 532 Mission st...
Largest as3ortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd. sur-
ray.__rnes_work.drlvin_ horses. 16th- Valencia
A BOARDING-HOUSE.
If looking' for a boardlns-house
Where food is good and clean,
Just read this paper's columns, o'er.
In them are many seen; ,
And you'll not have to run about
To find a place to please;
Ths house to suit you'll soon' pick out.
Where you can live in ease.
_*# n* f7ri!7riny7nr\nrri]Miles T. BainJ, a wealthy young man
about town, who pleaded guilty before
Police Judge Fritz on Monday to charges
of discharging firearms within the city
limits, carrying a concealed weapon and
malicious mischief, appeared for sentence
yesterday. He was fined JoO on each of
the first two charges, and, after a few
minutes' delay, Attorney Partridge, who
represented the defendant, asked that
sentence be postponed till Saturday on
the malicious mischief charge.
Baird, on the night of October . 8, fired
a shot through the swinging door of the
Russ House barroom, and the complain
ant in the malicious mischief case/ is
Charles Newman, the proprietor. During
the . interval between the calling of that
case and the request for a postponement,
Robert C: Mitchell, manager of the New
York Life Insurance Company, who had
a complaint drawn , up some days ago
charging Baird with exhibiting a deadly
weapon in a rude and threatening man
ner, was asked by the Judge to swear to
the complaint.
• "I don't want to do so," replied Mit
chell, vtill Baird-has settled with New
man." ;VJ-^-" : :Vf"L -
j "What have you got to do with New
man?" asked the Judge. "If you don't
swear to the complaint to-day you will
not have the opportunity of doing so
again."
. Mitchell swore to the complaint and
Baird was taken to the City Prison and
booked on the charge. He was at onc<i
released on bail. Mitchell accuses him of
entering the saloon on Montgomery street
on, the night of October 8, while he was
chatting with some friends, and, by
placing a revolver against his abdomen,
compelling him to drink with him, al
though they were total strangers.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, October 20.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson. 7S hours from Coos
Bay. Vi.<:>:
SAILED.
¦ Tuesday, October 20.
Stmr Argo," Dunham, Eel River points.
Schr Newark, Relnertsen. Stewarts Point.
OUTSIDE. BOUND IN. 12 MIDNIGHT.
SEATTLE — Sailed Oct 20 — Stmr City- of Se
attle, for Skagway.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Echrs Mtlancthon, Mary Buhne, Jennie
Stella and Fortuna.
. DOMESTIC PORT.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Oct 20— Stmr Ivernla,
for Boston, via Queenstown.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Oct • 20— Stmr Effl
prers of India, from Vancouver and Victoria,
for Hlogo, Nagasaki, Shanghai and Hongkong.
buildln? on lot on SE corner of Jones and
Lincoln streets, E 70 by S 4s; $4«18.
California Baking- Company (owners) with
Cobby & Hansen (contractors), architects H.
Gellfuss ft Son — Carpenter, mill and stair
work, roof, skylights, glazing, hardware, roof
tiles and galvanized iron for two and partly
one-story brick and partly frame bulldlnr on
lot on SW corner of Eddy and Flllmore streets,
W 137:6 by S 110: *14.270.
Thomas W. Butcher" (owner) with F. N.
Delanoy ft E. A. Randlett (contractors), archi
tects Cunningham ft Politeo — Carpenter an<>
mill work, glass glazing, roofing, electric work,
hardware, tinning and galvanized iron work
and painting for a five-story and basement
brick building on lot on NW corner of Howartl
street and Maiden alley, S 85. E 30, N 85,
W 30 (as recorded); *4813.
Mining Stocks.
A nickel-in-the-#lot ,X-ray machine haa
been Invented. The observer places a
coin in the slot, moves a lever, puts his
hand, or whatever he wishes to examine,
into a box without any sides, and looks
down at it through a fluorescent screea
which forms the top of the box.
SANT FRAXCTSCO STOCK EXCHAXGE.
Following- were the sales on the San Fr&n
cisco Stock and Exchange board yesterday:
Mornins Session.
100 Andes 23 1 300 Overman ... 29
COO Caledonia ... 93 ICO Sierra Narad* SO
1000 Challenge Con 31 J 300 Union Con . . 6o
200 Con Cal & Va.l 3*»i 400 Utah 21
lw Hale & Xoro 6O 300 Yellow Jacket 44
Afternoon Session.
3C0 Alpha 09f 400 Gould ft Cur. 10
ICO Andes 23 200 Mexican 1 10
1C0 Challenge Con 30[ 10O Scorpion .... 03
60O Con Cal & Va.l 30- 50ft Seg Belcher.. 08
100 Con Cal & Va.l 331 100 Utaa ........ 32
000 Con NY... lOf
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Facino Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Hornlar Session.
800 Alpha Coa ., Wj 300 Kentuck .... 03
500 Belcher 15' 7C0 Overman .... 24
> 100 Caledonia ... "toi S«O Overman .... 2U
100 Con Cal&V.l 32^1 2CO Union Con ... 6O
300 Gould * Cur. 17 800 Yellow Jacket 42
100 Hale & Norc V0 200 Yellow Jacket 43
1000 Julia 00
Afternoon Session.
600 Andes 24' t 100 Mexican ...1 07H
4C0 Challenge Con 31 200 Mexican I 03
300 Con Cal&V.l 32^1 500 Sierra XeraAa SO
300 Con N Y 10J 200 Union Con... 6U
200 Gould & Cur. 19, 200 Utah 21
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Tonopah and
Ban Francisco Mining Exchange yesterday:
llornlnz Session.
100 Busker Hlll.l SOtlSOO Ton B«lmont.l 00
800McNamara .. 15! 200 Ton- N Star.. 33
600 Mont Tonor-ah Ml SCO Ton N Star.. S3
10O Mont ToruJpah 9S[
Afternoon Session.
600 Brunswick .. 0C 100 Pin* Grars . 80
500 Esperanza ... 02 COO Rescue W
4500 Esperanza ... 01 300 Ton Belmont.1 00
500 Golconda Con 18 200 Tan ft Cai... 2*
200 Mont Tonopah UC
CLOSING 'QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, Oct. 20—4 p. m. *
Bld.Aak-1 Bid. Ask.
Alpha ....... OS 10 Julia _ 07 00
Alta ........ 03 04 Justice 06 07
Andes 24 25 Kentnck 01 02
Belcher 15 16 K. Graeesler.l 70 1 73
Best A Belch.1 5O 1 BSl Mexican 1 05 1 10
Bullion 12 14'Occldental ... 23 23
Challenge Con 31 S2;Ophtr 1 U 1 tiO
Caledonia.... W W Potosl 22 23
Chollar ...... 23 25 Overman .... 23 28
Confluence ... "0 73 8ava«re 25 2S
Con Cal A Va.1 30 1 W Scorpion 02 03
Cton Imperial. 03 W 8e» Belcher.. 00 07
Con NY.... 10 11 Sierra Nevada 60 51
Crown Point. IS 19 Silver HU1 ... 69 60
Eureka Con . % — W>|St. Louis .... U —
Exchequer... 13 IS'Syndicate ... — 08
Gould ft Cttr. IS 19 Union Con ... 62 63
Hale ft Norc. 61 83 Utah 21 23
Lady Wash... 03 04 Yellow Jacket 43 44
TONOPAH MINES.
BiJ.Ask.f Eid.Ask.
Colehan ...... — 19 Pine Grove... — 80
Esperanza ... — 01| Rescue 06 0?
Gipsy Queen. — 26>Ton Belmont. 93 1 00
Gold Mount — 05 Ton ft Cal... — 2*
Lucky Tom ..01 06 Ton N Star... 32 33
MacNamara . 13 15 Ton Midway. 30 : 43
Mizpah Ext . — 30! Tbn ft S Lake — 24
Montana Ton. 05 87 United Ton ;.. — 14
Paymaster ... — 13 j
Boman Belies Found at Paris.
Roman relics have recently been found
In Paris, writes a Paris correspondent.. The
distinguished French archaeologist,
Charles Magne. has made excavations in
the Rue Cassinl, where he had long sus
pected there lay remains of old Roman
glories. He discovered the cover of i a
tomb, on which is sculptured in bas-relief
a Roman blacksmith wearing his apron.
In his left hand he brandishes a long pair
of pincers and forceps. The- right arm la
broken off, but probably held a hammer.
M. Magne judges from the stylo of the
work and from a piece of money of the
time of Nero found near the tomb that
the work Is of the first century.— New
York Tribune.
Continued From Page Thirteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
California Standard _. 11 12
Caribou 1 00 1 07V
Central Point Con .......... 65
Chicago Crude 00 •••«•
Claremont .................. 26 . 23
Baperanza iAi ~ 1 25 1 45
Four 68 ?0
Fulton 8 75
Giant 14 .....
Hanford •• — 153 00
Home '. ..... 92$
Imperial .' - ' 18
Independence IS CO
Junction ..... 19
Kern 8 00
Kern River 13 60
Lion • ". 08
Monarch of Arizona -50 52
Monte Cristo - 73 .....
Occidental of W Va 17 19
Oil City Petroleum 28 SO
Peerless 13 60
Pittsburg ••• *J- SO
Reed Crude 41 43
S P & McKIttrick... 2 75
San JoaQUln O & D 6 25
•Senator •• 73
Sovereign \ «j *i"^. •
Sterling J 2 75 3 00
Superior •• <™ 07
Thirty-three •*• •- * >»
Toltec • ;*
Twenty-eight * j»
West Shore — 2 85 «...
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Improvement. . 1 50 2 00
Alameda Sugar -•••• » 00
American Biscuit SS 00 95 0O
American District Tel ;....
Cal Gas & Electric Corp ii'AA
California Cotton Mills 83 00 •¦•-
California Jockey Club 103 00
California Shipping Co....... ..... 23 00
fat Title Ins & Trust 130 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland. ... 60 00
Chutes Company •• • &O .
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 6 60 7 23
Fischer's Theater 2 12& 2 75
Gas Consumers* Association. 23 60
Honolulu Sufrar "00 .....
Northern Cal Power 3 50 9 60
North Shore Railroad i 7,00 8 00
Orpheum Company ....... ~. 15 25
Pac States Tel & Tel 115 00
Parafflne Paint ...........— 33 00 .....
San Francisco Drydock 47 00
Sanitary Reduction Works... 2 60 3 50
Sausalito Land & Ferry...... 16 00 .:..;
Sperry Flour Company 27 60 30 00
Standard Electric ¦ 18 00
Tesla Coal Co 30 00
Truckee Electric 13 25
Union Sugar 22 5» • - .....
United Gas & Electric....... 34 50 .....
• OFFICIAL SALES.
Morning Session. - -
Board —
4250 Giant 15
2000 Oil City Petroleum • 2S
1135 Independence .................... 19
1000 Independence, b 60 ' 20
1 Hanford 134 00
Street
1000 Independence ....-— 20
Afternoon Session.
, Board— . .
300 Esperanza... ............... .A. 140
MONDAY. OCTOBER 19.
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Hugh and Theresa Keenan to Esther Cax
ton, lot on NW corner of Scott and Lloyd
streets, N 32:6 by W 116:3; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Ed
wl^r Goodall, lot on S line of Waller street,
412:6 W of Devisadero, W 68:9. S 124:5 NE
70, N 131:9.' $ .
Charles and. Jessie Patton to Maria A An
derson, lot on N line of Page street. 131:3 E
of Shrader, E 25 by N 137:6; $10.
Wallace and Agnes B. Bradford "to John W.
Wright, lot on NW corner of Clay and Maple
streets, W 45 by N 1 1O5:4V4; *10.
John W. and Annie L. Wright to Tirey L.
Ford, same; $10.
Nathan T. and Mary P. Smith to Mattle E.
Smith (wife of Frank H.), lot on W line of
Folsom street. 200 M of Twenty-aecond. N 25
by W 122:8; $10.
David L., Jeremiah E-, Thomas F. and
Frank Roach to Fred W. Taylor, lot on NE
corner of Twenty-fourth and York streets. E
50 by N 104; $10.
Alphonse Rambaud to Clemence or Clemese
Rambaud, lot on NW corner of Twenty-fifth
and York streets, W 25 by N 100; gift. .
Eugene F. O'Connor vs. James and Mary C.
Deering, Joseph and Margaret O'Connor (b>
R. H. Fitzgerald, referee) to Eugene F. O'Con
nor, lot on S line of Alvarado (M) street,
152:8 W of Sanchez. W 50:11 by S 114; $775.
Joseph Sartor to Paulina Steffa.il and Henri
etta and William Bosia^undivlded half of lot
on W line of Dupont street, 42 N of Pacific.
N 16 by W 72; $10.
Equitable Gaslight Company to San Fran
cisco Gas and Electric Company, lot on S line
of Beach street, 137:6 W of Hyde. W 137:6 by
S 137:6; also lot on S line of Beach street.
137:6 E of Hyde, E 75 by S 137:6; also lease
hold 50-vara, lots 1, 2. 4 to 6. North Beech
2, or North Beach 259. bounded by Jefferson.
Leaven worth. Beach and Hyde • streets ; also
leasehold 516 California 22:3 on N line of Cali
fornia street by 137:6; also entire- plant and
property; $10.
Pacific Gas Improvement Company to same,
lot on NW corner of ¦ Francisco and Steiner
streetu, N 275 by N 137:6; also lot on NE cor
ner ' of Francisco and Steiner streets, N 275
by E 275; also lot on N line of Francisco street,
100 W of Flllmore, W 37:6, N 137:6. E 37:6,
N 27:6, E 100. S 135, W 100, S 30; also lot on
SE line of Townsend street, 137:6 NE of Third,
NE 68:9, S 137:6, SW 68:9, NW 137:6; also lot
on SE line of Townsend street, 206:3 KB of
Third, NE 68:9 by SE 147:8; also lot on XB
corner of Francisco and Pierce. streets. N 275
by E 275; also lot on SW corner of Francisco
and Webster streets, S 275 by W 275; also lot
on NW corner of Francisco and Flllmore
streets N 30 by W- 100; also lot on SW corner
of Bay and Flllmore street*. W 100 by S 85:
also lot on S line of Sutter street. 161:3 E.of
Powell. 0 63:9 by 8 137:6; also all other real
property, machinery, plant, mains, etc.; $10.
James and Margaret Qulnn to William Cur
lett, lot on SE line of South Park, 67:0*1 NE
of Third street, NE 43:7%. SB 137:6; $10:
Rudolph Stelnbach to Mary A. Laldley, lot
on NW<Une if Silver street, 100 SW of Third,
SW 25 by NW 75; $1.
Jeremiah McCarthy to Patrick F., John J.
and James W. McCarthy, Nellie Conway (wife
John) and Margaret Kingsley (wife D. O.), lot
on N line of Welsh street. 195 W of Fourth. E
20 by N 75; also lot on SE line of Welsh street,
175 SW of Fourth, SW 25 by SB 80; gift.
Abraham Aronson, Louise Metxger, Louis and
Pauline Schoenberg to Frederick, Albert and
Benjamin Baruch, lot on W corner of Sixth and
Jessie streets, NW 75 by SW 80; $10.
Hannah Thompson to Mary A. Bowen, lot
on NE line of Langton . street, 80 NW of Bry
ant, N 25 by E 75; gift.
E. R. and Bella Lilienthalto D. Donald Har
klnson. lot E line of Sixth avenue, 234 N of
Lake street, N 23, E 128:0%. SW 25:0%, W
127:5%; $10.
Same to Alfred E. Blake, lot on E line of
Sixth avenue, 209 N of Lake street, N 25, E
127:5H. SW 25:0%, W 126:1%; S10.
Stephen R. and Agnes T. Thome to Felix
Marcuse, lot on W line of Sixth avenue. 233:8
N of California street, N 25 by W 120. quit
claim deed; $1.
Frank W. and Emma Fuller to Mary A. Coop
er, lot on W line of Twenty-sixth avenue; 325
N of California street, N 50 by W 120; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
J. Frank and Maria Walters to George V.
and Anna Wood, lot />n E line of Thirty-ninth
avenue, 855 S of Clei/ent street, S 25 by E 120;
1 10. /
: Solomon and Dora Getx to Mary J. Depew.
lot on S line of I street, 57:6 E of Forty-eighth
avenue, E 25 by 8 100: $10.
Geraud P. and Mary Mouilla to Samuel M.
Samter, lots 130, 206 and 208, Kolliday Map
A; »10. ~.
Ban Francisco and Fresno Land Company to
H. M. A. Miller, lot on N W corner of Serpen
tine avenue and York street, S to Serpentine,
W to Alabama, N to Serpentine, B to York,
being a portion of Serpentine avenue and be
ing that portion of Serpentine avenue , between
West York and East Alabama, Precita Valley
lands; $10.
. Antoine and Oracle Borel to Christine John
son, lot on W line of Lisbon street, 175 S, of
Brazil, B 25 by W 100, block ©. Excelsior
Homestead; $10.
" J. D.' Hannah (owner) with H&nnah Broa.
(contractors), architect ffTank 8. Holland— All
work for a three-story 'frame building on lot
on E line of Dolores street, 103 S of Four
teenth, 25 by 100; $8000. /
Rachel B. Harrison (owner) with William
P. Todd -• (contractor), architects William P.
Todd' &Co» — All work for a one-stcry base
ment : and attic frame building on lot I on SW
line of Willard street, 153.15 S of Farnsworth
SE 37:6; SW 90.22. NW 37:02, ". NE SS.63, lot«
0 and 7. block P. Sunset Heights; $2063.
. Mrs. ,B.^ Knuise (owner) with A. . Dahlberg
(contractor), architects Rouase&u & Son*— All
work for a one-story attic and basement frame
Insurance! Man Has Him Ar
rested for Exhibiting
Deadly Weapon.
Fined on Two Charges;
Sentence on Third
Postponed.
BAIRD'S FROLIC
PROVES COSTLY
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1903,
15
PHYSICIANS* AND SURGEOTXS.
DR. C. C O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
1021H Market st., bet. Cth and*7th; particu-
lar attention Dald to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st. ,
RKMOVED — DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor,
treats nil diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at 6C7 Geary Et.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. Li Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WOXG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dls-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. "46-S Clay st.
SCIENTIFIC OPTICIANS.
DURING the G. A. R. encampment Dr. CUse.
1023 Market St.. bet. Cth-7th. fitted glasses to
Gen. Miles; you want the best as well as he.
~. SPECIAL NOTICES.
MOTHERS— Drink Cof-farln regularly and
your nerves and dieestlon will be all right;
give it to the children and the old man, and
half your troubles will cease.
s P E , c .^ AL y s ys.
CATAKKH, DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's trcat-
roent free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st.
SEAV1XG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
NEW HOME sewing machine: this week only;
$10. $15, $20: slightly used: needles SOc doz*
; NEW HOME B. M. CO.. 1051 Market St.
| STABLES TO LET.
| BARN to let with 16 stalls and wagon room.
74 Pore st.. bet. Oth and 10th. off Folgom.
STORAGE . AXD WAREHOUSES.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
hou.«rholtl goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St.. near Third; phone Grant 161. i
PJERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of- '¦
nee Post and Powell sts.; tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture, and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone Hast 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made: 840
Mission st.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st. : tel. Main 184O. Shipping at cut rates. -
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market — Cure
in every case; individual teaching: no medi-
cine. Inquire into wonderful cures ;home cure.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE of the Fireman's Ftind Insurance
Company, San Francisco, Oct. 19, 1003 — At a
regular meeting of the Board of Directors of
this company.' held this day, a dividend was
declared, payable on and after Oct. 21. 1003.
LOUIS WEINMANN. Secretary.
M^RBL_GE~_IC_NS_sT"
The following marriage licenses were issued
yecterday:
Arthur H. Twitehett, 26, 11 Folsom avenue,
and Jenny C. Nelson, 29, 11 Folsom avenue.
John Mooney, 21, 730 O'Farrell street, and
Nellie A. Glynn, 21, 13S0 Geary street.
Karl W. Koenig, 3S. 4S5 Eddy street, and
Jeanne M. Puzkls, 37, 4S5 Eddy street. ,\
Saverlo Paparette, 29, city, and Lulgla Ca«-
tagnolle, 23, city.
Will E. Gore, 31, Minneapolis, Minn., and
Pauline Jenkins, 31, 69 Shotwell street.
Jacob L. Goodday, 30, 816 Sutter street, and
Maude Hyman, 26, 618 Sutter etreet.
Herbert A. Wlltse, 21, 141 Haight street, and :
Mary E. Blake, 18, 508 Hyde street.
Carl C. Lambrecht, 30, Sulsun, and Olga
Btange, 19, { Sulsun.
Joseph S. Marshall, 27, WatsonvlHe, and
Ida M. Duncan, 22. San Jose.
Carl Erickson, 45, 833 Howard street, and
Louise Hemp. 30, 833 Howard street.
Klrby D. MacLean. 25, Richmond, and Hes-
ter D. B. Rush. 25, Milwaukee, Or.
Ernest Miller, 31, Portsmouth. Va., and
Maria E. Walker, 29, Vallejo.
Edwin T. Huffman, 23. 2100 Broadway, and
Edna F. Cooke, 22, 3130 Washington street.
Charles Horn, 44. Monterey, and Anna Hol-
dorf, 32, city.
John P. Hanrahan, 25, city, and Christina
Smith, 22, city.
Frank E. Dowd, 41, Santa Ropa. and Martha
A. Latham, 21, city.
Theodore W. Sollman. 31, 434 Fair Oaks
street, and Margaret Langer. 24. 812 Diamond.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriaee and death notices sent by
1 mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the came published.
BORN".
CAIRE^ — In Oakland, October 10. 1903, to the
wife of Fred -F. Calre, a daughter.
GRIER— In this city. October 19. 1903, to the
wife of R. A. Grier, a son.
MORGAN— In this city, October 2, 1903, to the
wife of Horace W. Morgan, a daughter.
PAILLE — In this city, to the wife of Joseph
E. Pallle, a daughter.
________ _
BERGMANN— (iOLl SCH— In this city. October
18, 1SKH, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Con-
rad Bergn.ann and Marie Golsch.
STANGE— HAMILTON— In Oakland, . Septem-
ber 15, 1U03, by the Rev. E. E. Baker, Wai-
ter J. Stange and Mary Hamilton, both of
San Francisco.
DIED. ~ ,
Baden, Mary Morlarty, Louis W.
Barnstead. Thos. D. Moore, James
Bird. Mary • Moyle, Mrs. A.
Bloomer, Maggie Pinter, Baraet
Booth, Mary J. Rader, Mary
Uoyle. Charlotte A. Renner, Gottlieb
Chichlzola, Louise Rlsvold, Olene
Clapp, Francis W. Sweeney, George F.
Davis. Mrs. Geo. T Sweeney. Georee
Dolan, Mary A. Thles. H. William
Fadden, Florence Tonnlngsen, Lizzie
Haas, John Warham, Margaret
j Jepson, Lillle E. Wheeler, Jessie O.
Koster. John H. Wolcott, Asa
Loughran, Cha«. M.
BADEN— In Ban Pablo Creek. October 18. 1903,
Mary, beloved wife of the late Jacob Baden,
a native of County Kilkenny, Ireland, aged
90 years.
inTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
i Wednesday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission
street, thence to St. Charles Borromeo's
Church, Eighteenth and Shotwell streets,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BARNSTEAD — In this city, October 18. 1903,
Thomas Delap. beloved husband of Catherine
Barnstead, retired sergeant of police and
commander of Lincoln Post No. 1. G. A. R.,
a native of Philadelphia, aged 06 years 3
months and 28 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral servicea
Wednesday, October 21, 1903, at 1 o'clock,
at Assembly Hall, Pioneer building, on
Fourth street, between Mission and Market,
under the auspices of Lincoln Post No. 1,
G. A. R. Interment National Cemetery.
LINCOLN Relief Corps No. 3 is requested to be
present at Assembly Hall, Pioneer building,
at 12:30 p. m.. on Wednesday to attend' the
funeral of the commander of Lincoln Post.
EMMA B. LEEDS. President.
BIRD — In this city, October 20. 1603, Mary,
dearly beloved wife of the late Thomas
Bird, mother of Mrs. Mary Gosland, Thomas
Bird, Mrs. W. H. Murphy, Mrs. W. H. Mal-
com and the late James Bird and Catherine
Murphy, and sister of Annie Taylor, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 75 years. .
in?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
tThureUay), at » o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 4U3 Fell street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her eoul,
commencing at »:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BLOOMER — In this city, October 20, - 1903
Maggie Bloomer, dearly beloved wife of
Theodore Bloomer, daughter of Mary and
the late Dennis O'Day. and sister of Mrs.
George Pierce and Alice, , Dennis Jr., Wil-
liam, Joseph and the late Nellie O'Day a
native of San Francisco, aged 24 years and
11 months. . .
(ET'Frle.nds and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlora
- of Gantner Bros., 1209 Mlsiion street,' be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, thence to St.
Peter's Church, Alabama street, near Twen-
ty-fourth, for services. Iriterment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BOOTH— la this city. October 20. 1903, Mary
HENRY J. CALLACKER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher >
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth. St., opposite Lincoln School
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
'¦ — Funeral Directors and Embalmers.^———
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple. •
Now at S60 MISSION. Tel." South 167*
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate ¦ Rates.
James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
JAMES McGINN &. CO..
Formerly With McGinn Bros..
Funeral Directors and Embalmers..
214 Eddy st.: Tel. South 676.
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE OCTOBER 30.
The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer will closa.on Octob««
30, 1903, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
fail to ' place ' their ortisr im-
mediately.
This splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of
fifty cents per, copy. Out of
town orders twenty cents ad-
ditional to cove- prepayment of
transportation charges.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
>% ALAMEDA HEAL, ESTATE.
DO you want to buy a lot? Do you want to
build a home? Do you want plans made?
Call or address J. H. TOCXG, 1£13 Park
tt.. Alaroeda. Cal.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
DERKELEV HEAL ESTATE.
J J. MASON.
Real Estate and Insurance Agent.
Choice Property a. Specialty.
6E. cor. Shattuck ave. and Center st.
Berkeley. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
SATURDAY. OCTOBER 24. 1903.
On the Premises,
At 1:30 p. m..
The Reichling Houses,
% At
Northwest corner Linden and Eighth sts.. Oak- :
land's prettiest residence section.
* Beautiful Homes,
In
S Large Single Subdivisions.
With ft. 10. 11 and 12 rooms and bath; origi-
nal cost $5000 to (ll;S00 each to construct.
LARGE SUNNY LOTF.
I^srge sunny lots with 49 ft., 00 ft., 69 ft. ;
j and 7u ft. frontage by a depth of 100 to 1C5 ft. j
(Note size and depth.)
Beautifully terraced, above grade of Ftreet,
with the most artistic etone coping uniformly
arranged around the entire frontage, with
palms and full-grown shrubberies throughout
each garden. For years this half block of resi-
dence homes has been the pride of the city and
the personal care of the owner, as one of the
finet-t kept properties In Oakland or San Fran-
cisco.
Artistic and substantial, similar to the
grounds of Golden Gate Park and the Schil-
ling's. Oakland's water park.
RENTALS AS AN INVESTMENT.
As an investment property has retained
steady tenants. Some of them have occupied
same almost since their construction.
Present rental? are f?,0, $45 and fC5 each.
A HOME LOCATION
Fronting on the only Viltuminlzed residence
street in Oakland: opposite and adjoining fine
block of modern residences worth from $S500 to
$25,000; in the same block are the Havens' anJ
t Georpe W. McNe-ar's beautiful homes; 3 blocks
of Market or Adeline station: short walk to
Broadway business center: walking distance to
• high school and finest primary, grammar and
| private schools In the city, without necessitat-
! ing children to cross streetcar lines.
One of the choicest, close In. convenient,
strictly home neighborhood* in Oakland.
AN OPPORTUNITY SELDOM OFFERED.
THE PROPERTY MUST BE SOLD.
SEVERAL INTERESTS MUST BE CLOSED.
OWNERS ANXIOUS TO BELL.
MINOR' S INTEREST.
SUBJECT TO CONFIRMATION OF COURT.
XOTE THE TERMS.-*
One-third cash, balance on mortgage In one
and two years.
To see premises, g»t permit at office.
Sale Saturday, Octcber 24, 1903,
1:30 p. m., on the grounds.
Write or call for catalogue showing rhoto-
graph of premises and giving full particulars.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
Auctioneers,
460 and 4C2 Eighth st.. Oakland, Cal.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
WEST st.. 840; seven apartments; Income $79
, per month; modern improvements; windmill
and tank; $7000. Inquire 907 Grove st.,
Oakland.
Modern house. 9 rros. ; stable; Mason & Hamlin
organ. Before 12 m.. 422 Orange st... Oakland.
OAKLAND FCRXITCRE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Schellhaas. 11th st..cor.etore,Oaklnd.
roo I^£5{£ E I 5 E _ E i*i^_ G -
ANTONIO, 10. off Jones, bet. Ellis and O'Far-
rell->-3 and 4 unfurnished rooms to let for
housekeeping.
.ANTLERS. 413 Turk St. — Strictly modern, 4-0
room apartments; fur. or unfur. for hskpg.
j GUERP.ERO, HM, near Twenty-fourth— Two
sunny rooms and kitchen furnished for
housekeeping.
I MARKETriKSH. cpp". "VaarX e«3 -Rve,— 2 or 3
unfurnished rooms; ilL cr $18.
; MISSION, 17"* — Sunny front suite, complete
for housekeeping; gas range; bath; $14. f
! MODEL HOUSE. 1206 Stockton St.— Newly
furnished rooms, $0-$12; bath, gas, phone.
OAK, 117—2 furnished rooms. $8; ore room. $5;
gas range; hot bath; laundry; adults.
i PIERCE. 915. near McAllister— Two neatly
furnished rooms suitable housekeeping; use
cf parlor, bath; phone; private family.
! SOUTH PARK. 64 — One or two rooms nicely
furnished for housekeeping; gas.
THREE large unfurnished sunny rooms. In-
quire 458 Hayes st.
i TWENTY-SECOND. 3218, cor. Mission — House-
keeping rooms and single rooms.
I TWENTY-FOURTH, 3150. bet. Howard and
Folsom — 2 furnished rooms; gas stc"e; fold-
tng bed; bath. -
1 CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore..
j A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109fl
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET—Fnrn. and I'nfnrn.
The most modern hotel in S. F. ; single
and suite, baths attached; electric light and
telephone In every rm. ; rteam heated! elec- j
trie elevator day and night; 75c to $1 50 '¦
day; special rates by mi-nth. 1864 Market ]
st. Take Haight, Valenci-i and Castro cars.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth — Rooms
25c to $1 per nlgtrt. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth et.)— Rooms, 25c, 50c, $1, $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 1412A — Nicely furnished front rooms
suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; reasonable.
CEDAR ave., 103 — Sunny room; unfurnished.
CEDAR ave., 103 — Nicely furnished front room;
suitable for refined gentlemen.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
»¦•>- i-T., 31S — Large sunny furnished front room;
large closet; desirable.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms SOc
to $1 50 night: $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
JESSIE. 3<r., east U. S. Mint— Furnished rooms,
$5 and $G per month. ' .. -.
LAGUNA and McAllister, St. James flat — Sun-
ny single room.
ROTAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room a*nd ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $$; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
2 ITNFURNISHED rooms on Sutter et., near
Broderick: price $10. Box 2004, Call. :¦¦:%. •..¦••
THE GILLESPIE. 119 Ninth— Furnished rmr,
$1 60 to |2 50 week; transient 50c-75c night.
THE FALMOUTH. 1049 A Market St.: furnished
rooms; hot and cold water; elevator; central.
THE La Tour, 408 Post: elegantly fum. rail.;
sunny, every conven. ; hot, cold water, phone.
UNITED STATE3, 123 Eddy B t.. near Market—
400 single and family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
$1 75 to $6 week: elevator; electric lights;
reading-room; free bus and baggage.
VALENCIA. 1126 — New room, furnished or
partly furnished.
VAN NESS. 518 — Handsome sunny furnished
suites and single rooms, all conveniences,
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St., near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night: $2 to $8 week; elevator:
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
! CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1009
Valeria St. ...
ROOMS AM) BOARD.
THE Hotel Martinette. cor. Van Ness' and
Geary at., has chanced hands and win be
conducted hereafter as a first-class family
hotel.
STEVENSON Mansion. S07 California st.— At-
tractlve and sichtly rooms: best table and
service: lowest rates.
VAN NESS ave., 1714 — Private boarding-houi.e,
homelike: everything first class; sunny
¦ rultes; Rlnrle rooms; choice locality; ref.
PINE. 204O— Very desirable sunny. room with
board; private family; phone Baker 357L
CjCFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day at 1 p. .m. from the parlors of the Cali-
fornia Undertaking Company. 405 Powell
street, near Post.
RENNER— In this city. October IS, 1903, Gott-
lieb Renner, brother of Louts and Theodore
Renner, a native of Hospenthal, Canton Vrl,
. Switzerland, aged 41 years and 6 months.
(CT Friends are resi>ectfully invited to -at-
tend the funeral Wednesday, October 21, at
7:80 o'clock, -from the parlors of-H. F. Suhr
& Co.. 1187 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth, thenco to St. Anthony's Church
at 8 o'clock for services. Interment . Holy
Cross Cemetery. ¦ •
RISVOLD— In this , city. October 19. 1903,
Olene Rlsvold, beloved sister of Mrs. Cap-
- tain O. Monsen, a native : of Sovdfl, Nor-
way, aged 25 years <3 months ami 19 days.
ICTFricnds are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at
1 12:30 o'clock, from the residence of Mrs. O.
Monsen, 1123A Alabama street, thence, to
Our • BaTlor*8 > Scandinavian Evangelical • Lu-
theran. -'Church/ Howard street, ¦¦ between
Twelfth and Thirteenth, where services will
commence at 1 o'clock. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. \ .
SWEENEY— In this. city. October. .20, 1903.
George. F. Sweeney, beloved husband of Jo-
sephine Sweeney; father of Hazel and Myrtle
Swfceney, and brother ! of Johb J. Sweeney,
.Mrs. A. Taylor, and Mrs. . G. 1*. Damon, a
native of San Francisco..
SWEENEY— In the City and County Hospital,
October 20, 1903, George Sweeney, a native
of California, aged 37 years.
THIES— In San Leandro, October 20, 1903. H.
William, beloved husband of Johana Thle*.
and brother of Caroline Flege and Frederick
Thics,. e. native of Germany, aged 59 years
6 months and 11 days.
(CT Funeral Thursday. October 22, at 2
o'clock, from I. -O. O. F. Hall. Interment
San Lorenzo Cemetery.
TONNINGSEN— In this city. October 19, 1903.
Lizzie, beloved wife. of John Tonningsen, and
sister of F. W. G. and Charles Moebus and
Mrs. Henrietta Draper, a native of Stockton,
Cal.. aged 47 years.
(C7"Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services Wednesday, at 11
o'clock, at her late residence, 1026 Howard
Btreet. Interment private.
WARHAM— In Oakland. October 20. 1903, Mar-
garet A. Warham, beloved wife of Reginald
W. Warham, daughter of Annie C. Degglns,
and sister of Mrs. W. • Guy Mallanel, Mrs.
R C. Purcell and Robert. Bennle and Wil-
liam Deggins, a native of Virginia City,
Nev., aged 24 years. (Washington, D. C,
papers please copy.)
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday.
October 22, 1903. at 8:30 o'clock, from her
' ! mother's residence, 1171 Third street, thence
to St. Patrick's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul at 9 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery.
WHEELER— In this city, October 20, 1906,
Jessie Gordan Wheeler, beloved daughter of
the late Joseph and Jane Weed, and mother
of Nellie E. Wheeler, a native of San Fran-
cisco, axed 51 years 7 months and 11 days.
WOLCOTT — In this city, October 20. 1903. Asa,
husband o£ Agnes P. Wolcott. and father of
Al R. Wolcott. Agnes T. Watts, Ella F.
Iken and Erminle J. Austin, a native of
Massachusetts. , ¦•*•
• E7"Interment private. Ko flowers.
!C5*Services private.
DOLAN— In this city. October 20, 1903, Mary
Ann, beloved wife of M. J. Dolan, mother
of Aloysius, Irene, Edna, Michael, Gertrude,
Raymond and Bridget Dolan, daughter of
Jeremiah O'Connor, sister of Lulu, Maggie,
Nellie and Walter O'Connor, and niece of
Mrs. Dave Marr, a native of San Francisco,
agod 33 years 4 months and 17 days.
iny*Frie.nds end acquaintances., are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock,' from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission etreet.
• thence to St. Joseph's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FADDEN— In this city, October 20, 1903,
Florence, dearly beloved daughter of Nathan-
iel F. and Annie Fadden, and beloved sister
of George Fadden, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aKtd 2 years 10 months and 14 days.
HAAS — In this city. October 20, 1003, John,
i beloved husband of Jennie Haas, father of
the late John G. and Margaret Haas, and
son of Maryaret. and the late Henry Haas,
a native of Dubuque, Iowa, aged 43 years 2
months and 2 dajB. <..;?
JEPSON — In Oakland. October 19, 1903, Lillle
Klraa ¦ JeDSon, beloved daughter of Otto and
Emmy Jepson, and sister of Martha Jepson,
a native of California, aged 11 years 2
months and 17 days.
KOSTER— In Oakland, October 20. 1903, John
H., beloved husband of Emma Koster, and
brother of Mrs. Geslne von Salzen, .a native
% of Hanover. Germany, . aged 40 ¦ years 0
months and 3 days. A member of Califor-
nia Lodge No. 2. O. d. H. S.
• t^ Notice of funeral hereafter.- . : '
LOUGHRAN— In this city. October 19, 1903,
Charles M. Loughran, beloved son of the late
Bernard and the .late Johanna Loughran, and
brother of John Loughran. Mrs. Joseph Hack-
ett and. Mrs. A. . Farrell. a native of , San
Francisco, aged 29 years 0 months and 15
days. ¦
(ry Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his sister. MrB. Joseph Hackett,
1022 York street, thence to St. Peter's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the reDose of , hla soul at 9
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MOORE— In this city, October 20, 1903, James,
dearly beloved husband of Ellen Moore, be-
loved, father of Mrs. Nellie Bennett. Mrs.
Ann Kraeft. Mrs. Maggie McEvoy, Mra.
Katie Murray and the late Henry Moore,
and grandfather of T. ¦ J. ¦ Stone, - a, native of
Douglaes. Isle of. Man: " ; '. •
MORI ARTY— In Oakland. October 19, 1903,
Louis William, dearly beloved son of .Louis
William and /Mary Morlarty, and grandson
of Mr. »nd Mr». Heverin. a native of Oak-
land, Cal., aged 1 year 5 months and 6 days.
CTThe funeral will take place to-day
•(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents, 868 Twenty-first street,
thence to St. Francis de Sales Church, where
services will be held, commencing." at 2
o'clock.
MOYLE— Entered into rest. In New York, Oc-
tober 17, 1903, Mrs. Angelina- Moyle, mother
of Robert S. Moyle, Mrs. E. C. Bond, j Mrs.
J. M. Seibert. Mrs. ,T. Hasbrouck find Anna
S. Moyle, a native of New Jersey, aged 69
years and 6 months. •, • • . ' • ¦
CyNotice of funeral hereafter.
PINTER— In this city, October 20. 1903. Bar-
net Pinter, beloved husband of Mrs. Getil
Pinter, a native of Russia, aged 43 years.
RADER— In this cky, October IS, 1003, Mary
Rader, beloved wife of -Charles G. Rader,
.and mother of Elizabeth- Martin and Olga
Campbell, a native of Germany, aged 69
years. • '
Jane Booth, daughter* of the late Mr. and
Mrs. Adam Booth, and slater of Mrs. E. M.
Solley, a native of. San. Francisco, a»-ed 43
years 8. months anfl 10 days. .
ETTuneral servicea win be held at 1037
Post street. Thursday, October 22, at 1
o'clock. Interment - private. Please omit
flowers'.. ,.
BOYLB: — In Berkeley. October 20. 1903. Char-
lotte Ann. beloved wife of Joseph Boyle, a
¦ native of Gibraltar, ased 75 years.
CHICHIZOLA— In Indian Gulch, Mariposa
County, Cal.. October 19, 1903, Louise E..
dearly beloved wife of Thomas J. Chichlzola,
mother of -Irene Chichizola, beloved daughter
of Mary and the late Joseph Cuneo, and
sister of Frank. David. Rose. Emlllo. Clar-
ence, Regina, May and Irene Cuneo and Mra.
A. P. Qlannlnl, a native of Volcano, Amador
County. Cal. (Amador papers please copy.)
ICTFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of her mother, Mrs. Mary Cuneo, 615 Bay
street, thence to Sta. Peter and Paul's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:3O o'clock. Interment pri-
vate. Holy Cross Cemetery, by funeral train
from Third and Towasend streets at 11:30
o'clock. • Please omit flowers.
CLAPP— In this cltr. October 20, 1903, at his
residence, 447 Fair Oaks street. Franci&W.,
husband of Josephine M. Clapp, and rather
of Frank K. and Fred W. Clapp and Mrs.
R. S. Cleaveland, a native of Quincy, Mass.,
aged 59 years.
C^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
DAVIS— In this city, October 18, 1903, Mrs.
George T. Davis, mother of Blanche, Grace,
Lola and George T. Davlu.
Crowns . . . . . . . $2.00. to $5.00
Plate Work . - . $5.00 to $25.00
LOOS I0a THIS AD. EACH OTMER DAT.
Elrt«tly »pp»»iU SarsUra Ball
Reduced Rates 'for Thirty Days
Painless Extraction . . . . . 250 :
riiiinis •': . . . . A . . . . . . 500
•iSk Dr.R.LWalsh
yCT^^V>. k ** rMBn * 1 * eat * 5 prMtio»
*/¥*"" 847 Geary St
nr.U. ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
MADISOX & BCRKE. 3'» MONTGOMERY ST.
AT AUCTION: AT AUCTION!
extraordinary
".at auction: at auction i
WEDNESDAY OCTOBER £STH. 1903.
At our salesmen!. V.O Montgomery st..
At 12 o'clock, noon.
SALE OF PKLECT PROPERTIES TO
T\j ISE THE ESTATIi OF SILAS M. LOCKE,
DECEASED.
"i
O
3£ I 2i S> • r-
_ ' 0»
8 ff - ¦
2 _ ;i ¦ • '•
9 ! •
_______ l
MARKET ST.. ADJOINING CORNER OF
K .\ ~':>N.
I>;i4— Market *t.. b«-t. Mason an4 rowell. nn
,-..,.. .rtunlty of a lifetime to Invest in th«
< tioiceet of Pan Francisco realty. Very center
i ' retail district. Annual rent i'.'.< : "
BDDT f?T.. ONE BLOCK FROM MARKET.
12l» to 126 Eddy «.. bet. Mason and Taylor.
Directly In line of realty growth. Pr-*<"nt
income ?426o i>er annum. This property
ehould t>e immediately impro\Td.
CORNER ON MISSION ST.
- 6"VV. cor. Mission st. and Grand ave.. bet.
Xintk and Tenth ets. Thie location Is
stead!!y increasing In \-alue. Lot 2>:«xl0o.
Pr«-»^ent annual Income *,'•<>*; can be In-
creased.
THIRP-ST. rROPEKTY.
An undivided ij Interest in this rroperty, lo-
cated on we« line of Third *'... bet. Brannan
and Townsenfl; 137:6x160 to Ritch St.: two
. .frontages.
TERMS AT SALE.
For catalogues and i-articular* apply to
MADISON & BURKE.
3<> Montgomery st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
?:.OO to $1200— Or.ly praded lots fronting
boulevard, ocean and • park. Unobstructed
\'.-»w from every lot. Fronting electric cars.
Don't rcies thie opportunity. Easy tence.
SW to tZZO — Near ocean and park — (3 monttly.
Ocear.elde fcrsnch efflee on 43th ave. and K st.
OPEN SUN DATS.
FELLING FAST— SEE THEM TO-DAY.
f.VXi to flOOn — New lots in Sur.set District.
Graded and eewered, car cars. $10 monthly.
Sunset branch office on 9th ave.. near H st.
$150 to $200 — Level Excelsior Homestead lota
near Miesion-ft. electric can — $5 monthly.
Choice Richmond District lots. $10 monthly.
$1000 to $3500 — «. f> and 6 room modern cot-
tages, furset, Richmond and Excelsior
Homestead. All bargains!
Eas>y terms.
rSOL GETZ & SON. owners and dealers.
Room M. Chronicle building.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
V.-ASHINGTON ST.. 2T:Cxl27:8.
VERY FINE MARINE VIEW.
Very r'-oi two-story house, with finished at-
tic: hsr * large rtximf and large bathroom.
Ffefaacc and electric' lights.
Hich brick foundation: plastered basement.
< < r.crete retaining wall In front of lot.
. !-treet blruiair:!zed and arttflcial stone slde-
Vaik.
NEIGHBORHOOD FIRST-CLASS.
Price Re^U'-^'l from $70<v> to $<55<1O.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
¦ - KKAL ESTATE AGENTS.
NO. 5 MONTGOMERY ST.
JOSEPH STRATrn. CJO Market Ft. "
12100 — Cor. Twenty-fifth and Wisconsin sts.;
n«M couaee of 4 rooms, bath and basement •
ecfoA Ix^ition for grocery: $000 down $15 month.
$17i<:'— Fine new cottage of 4 rooms, bath and
basement: $300 down. $15 a month; Wisconsin
ft., n.ar Twer.tv-fifth.
$2*06 — Hou?» of 2 flats and attic; basement,
rear house-, vicinity Mason and Filbert sts.
UAROAIN — Two handsome cew residences of
6 rconis and bath: many, modern and up to
Cs'.e 5n every particular; Nos. &€6 and 9&S
Claytoo et-. near Golden Gate Park; price
$5100 ar3 $5400. Apply R. D. CRANSTON
& SONS. 114 Mcr.tgomery *t.
FOR sal» — Three lots. Miss-ion district. Twen-
ty-reventh ft. and San Jot* ave.; J1100 and
-*12'X'; this is a bargain; will sell one or ail:
no ager.tF. Address W. II. ROUSSEL. 19
st.
$7Crt EACH— 2 lots. Mission st. $250— New cot-
taire. 5r.b. ; Precita ave.; bal. term*. $500 —
New fiats, 4-5 r. b. : bal. easy terms; 29th and
XiiFsion. $100 — Cottate. 4 r. b.; 133 Nevada
ave; bal terms. I>. Coffin A Co.. 3303 Mission.
MOPERy ccttape; i rooms; $1550; terms same
ss i-aying rer.t. Apply owner, lumber yard,
FE. cor. Alabama and Montcalm sts.
J K.2.VI. REDUCED from $17,000: cottage and
0 f.ats; flr.e location; lot 75x122:6; rent
$l«g2: good investment. 10K> Shotwell ft.
UUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
FOR sale — Fine 2-s.tory residence. 5 large
r<y-n-.s. equal to C. 3S1S 22d ft., nr. Castro.
FINE income fiatg on Fulton, near City Hall:
r"R*or.aM». Inrjuire 142 Fulton ft;, owner.
REAL ESTATE Conntry — For gale.
$3000 — TO acres rioh soil, warm belt adjoining
• San Jose; in prunes, apricots and peachc*,
all bearing: near electric rars; windmill,
tsnk. drying plant, fruiihouse. trays, hard
finiKh*rd house., barn, poultry, etc.; exchange
frr house and lot or sell half cash.
PETERSEN REALTY O>..
Tel. Mint 7.VJ. 10S5 Market st.
ATTENTION:. Choice homes in sunny Santa
Clara Valley: orchards In bearing. 10 to 500
acres: some can be exchanged for city busl-
Oess or rqplty; we have real bargains and
. —"-ill enow them to you: please call. PETER-
EEN REALTY CO.. 1CC5 Market «t.
flO A MONTH buys a ten-acre farm twelve
miles from Sacramento; write for booklet-
its free. WRIGHT A- KIMBROUGH. 603
J s,t., Sacramento. California.
IF you want a stock ranch, dairy or coloniza-
tion tract, write CHAS. "W. COE St CO.. 49
West Santa st.. Saa Jose, Cal.
ALFALFA lands. *tock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent iree. C. M. WQOSTER CO 648
¦ Market trt. 7 ,
FOR poultry ana dairy ranches yielding a good
proflt. HAMILTON & KENDRICK.Peta!uma.
CHEAPEST and best la America— Th» Weekly
Call, lfi pages, sent to any address in th«
T'r!te<1 States or O»n»da one year for $1.
ItlCHMOXD KEAJr ESTATEI~
WATER front lots and bargains; all tracts;
rrjir.s. photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
• HEAL ESTATE T£» EXCHAXGE.
WANTED — To exchange 5 per cent guaran-
u-'d 10- year bonds for Income property or
vacant lots in good locality. Address J. H.,
. ?>',r> T went y -second st. City. .
TlJP^\VniTER8^^D_Sl^PLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
•til better machine* for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 530 California; telephone Main 266.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. A M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gemcry st.
CD-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
ttebrter Typewriter Inspec CO.. 608 Market.
¦^¦n JW JbPi?*K APV * ::nTlhE:>IEyTS '
IN the Sur*r:or"t^r^r7hT V Oty^nT*County
of £an Francisco, State of California— Pro-
bate. No. 29»o. (Indorsed) Filed Oct. 13.
«, Albm B. Mahony. aerk. by _ B.
Hawley, Deputy Clerk. In the matter or
the cxt&te of PATRICK DUG AN. deceased.
Notice for publication cf time appointed for
• Probate of will, a C. P.. Sec. 13O3. Notice
is hereby given that TUESDAY, the 27th day
• of Octcber. A. D. i9Q3. at 10 o'rlock a. m. of
; that day, and the courtroom of Department
No. 9 of fa id court, at the City Hall, In the
city *nd county of Pan Francisco. State of
California have i** n appointed as the time
and pl»e*,for proving the will of nald PAT-
RICK DIGAX, deceased, and for hearing
the application of NELLIE A. LASSELL
. for the issuance to her of letters of adminU-
liatton with the will annexed thereon. fKeal.j
ALBERT B. MAHONY. Clerk. By E. 8.
HAWLET. Deputy Clerk. Dated October 13.
£D. 1KB. A. D. KEYES. Attorney for
Yale has done . away with, her rule re-
quiring: of men representing the college In
athletic, literary or musical lines that
they maintain,' a : standing 12.5. p«r cent
higher than that exacted from other stu-
dents.,;. Moreover, ; the literary men will
not be disquallfled for .the literary organs
of the college by being under warning for
low standing.
I I ONE OF BRYSON'S BALLET GIRLS I
| | REHEARSING. j :
j FREE WITH NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
¦:¦>.¦ ¦¦•?¦¦¦ ..¦"¦,¦ ¦ ¦ '•-,¦¦• ¦:¦ ¦ >-¦¦¦¦ " . *¦'¦ .'¦¦¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ — ¦ ¦" ¦¦:¦.:-. *¦ " ¦ . ¦¦ .¦¦¦¦¦¦. " • . : .¦":,¦¦¦;¦¦¦¦•' ¦ .- ¦,. ¦•¦ ¦ ¦*¦«;> ¦:>.¦¦:? :-.K-^4%0'-i
W '¦'•* £ '¦¦•<"' ¦>:';>- \ '¦ *? ¦"¦.' 'y. '.v... ' ' " tt i '*:,$ '•?£&£*.' *?W?<&'i .' , ' JtJ^w. ' .; ' v * ~"\' r * .**' - vi-V'v ? v :¦¦*" -* *•¦ *
• "-¦- \ •'¦¦ ;" ¦ •'+ ¦ >'""¦ ' A ¦ ' '¦ ¦ '¦ v ¦' ¦' '" i ¦-"'>V i \. -•*-*•'¦* '' '¦" ¦'¦" ' ¦' ¦ " ' ' ¦'"¦•¦¦¦¦ ' '¦ ¦ * ¦ '. " " ' ' '¦' ¦" '¦ ¦:¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦¦*.%¦.. : ., !'? ¦ ¦ ¦ * Y
;¦¦:¦ ";¦¦¦.¦•¦'¦¦ ¦¦¦ r ¦ v . . ¦ . . . , . -. ¦ ¦ .. « , . -*'> '¦' ¦ ¦'¦ ¦¦.¦_¦-.¦.. *.¦:¦¦¦¦•.:.¦ ¦ . ¦ ; - ¦-¦
if •'¦**** £• ' """' ¦¦¦.¦¦¦¦¦.¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦•¦ . .. .-:>¦..¦:.¦*¦. : , jDHKHBL^k^ :¦ • ¦ ¦¦ ¦¦•: _, .;:. -. ¦ ¦. :. -..-¦..¦_ :¦:. .¦ ¦¦ *¦ :¦• -_¦_¦¦¦.. >>:-. ¦¦ ¦
** ~-v^*s % > % *^ % *¦ v flgSWyt^fflE ¦H_f5K^t'^fe3^E»y iKy^ "'^ ' ¦¦¦" ¦* v • " • " '¦ V» >
* V-*3J3»|KgB$!$^> • '¦-¦¦ ¦¦¦:.¦ .' . \ . ¦ ¦ - r^^M8BS^sSHIS^5wBBKvl^^T^_r ¦ " ¦ i --^_i :^
5 > ¦¦¦¦ ¦•¦¦¦¦¦¦ y^~ **SiiwBB_L^f *'-¦-¦ ¦* s v ::^2^
£ '' : 3^B^BBHBB^H^LgB^BBsr^'*^^^^88^BB^^^BB^s^--'' : -'"'''"'' '~ ' x 4- £ •¦¦ - -¦ - ¦- ¦«* ? _§H''*-'
V ¦ S^fi^j^]fejSp33^?%^ -- s r * X jB . t " •'"* * ¦''" ' Mp$ }& -** ¦ 0 '**_¦(¦
4 ¦ llaS^uK^l^^mrSS^B^A*^S^^^f^^^^^1B^^m3SB^^. .-_ _ _ - t jr*?2l J 4F^£. ¦¦."¦ '¦¦ '"'*¦"- ?'-""-' > i t #-vV»» *¦* : ¦: +|^ *5f &?3nt9Bi
SFK^ " / ' ' i i 2?xt^^' «_¦§£» uESf* "' w' * ft— f j
"~ •.'. ¦¦¦ •¦ ¦ . ¦.,¦,„ v 2 '•BP'J^B— Kifc—SififfigtfjvylS^^^^^^aBSfr |! * '¦'•<¦ ¦"¦¦'¦ ¦ ¦ ¦+ - .... 40S*^ ¦, ¦•¦-->. * ''"¦' \ '•'¦? '/v*'*-™? '¦»"^^^^^B»?
,#** ¦ ¦¦ ..¦: ¦¦.¦¦.-.,¦¦¦¦ ¦., . /V 1 -.',.* ¦¦¦¦¦ s .-.¦ ¦' ?¦'.'.:-¦¦'* ;.\ x '"' ». /i - V-- 11 " 1 -¦ * ¦-'¦¦-' ¦ - ¦ ¦ ¦ ""- '¦ ¦ t ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦ ¦ W ¦¦ Tflfflup ""• *• '¦'' '^" "?-' &^\ S3^B?%
| INTERESTED.
0 =— =-= _-=_==_=_-r_»_=_===_______---===__----^
g ALL NEWSDEALERS AND TRAIN NEWS AGENTS SELL
• ; THE SUNDAY CALL
BaESssBsfinB JBkhS^^^mcwSSmJvmJiB^&jISpeeches were delivered by other candi
dates and the meeting closed with cheers
for tKe ticket.*.' ;•' • - • .
THEY WANT JUSTICE,
; They want Justice. They don't want every
thing given to them and nothing to the other
people. .They want an administration that
will give them the best results. They are go
ing, therefore, to vote intelligently. They will
pledge their word to their employers and they
will pledge their friendship . to their fellow
craftsmen, but j there is one thing that the
workingman. never parts with and that is his
freedom .to vote and his freedom to act as he
pleases when it comes to his vote." 1
We are going to have a Republican victory;
that goes . without • saying. • (Applause.) We
are going to elect a good Republican ticket and
we are going to do , it; ladles, and gentlemen,
and mark you,. we will because the entire Re
publican party is going to vote for the Repub
lican . ticket this time. (Applause.) We are
going to be •assisted by people in -this city who
are . perhaps not of our party faith, v but who
know the kind of men the Republicans have
pUt.Up. =.¦ .;,-.,.,
• If I oay a word for myself,*! want to say it
at this time. I want to say that the Repub
lican party is going to be voted for by a great
many Democrats and, workingmen. The Re
publican vote alone of this city will elect
Henry J. Crocker, but his friends are going to
assist In rolling up such a majority that there
will be no fear. of results, and I will feel my
self bound in every . way j to ; carry out ' ' the
wishes of every ; voting person of ¦ San Fran
cisco and every resident of this city. (Ap
plause.) .,¦;•' .
Republican party has' selected as Its
candidates good, true, intelligent men. I have
never seen such a unanimity of sentiment as
has been expressed by the candidates, who
'pledgo themselves if .elected to be In one
accord In order that San Francisco shall have
a rood administration.
¦ The people of San Francisco are . going to
realize that there are really, two great parties
in Ban Francisco as ' elsewhere In the United
States. I allude to the Democratic and Repub
lican parties. I say that advisedly, because
my friends, the workingmen, ' have declared In
no uncertain terms, that they are out of poli
tics. A large majority of workingmen of San
Francisco are going to vote for one or the other
of the regular party tickets. I am sure of it. I
hope they, will see their way clear to vote for
the • * Republican ticket. (Applause.) They
have told me that the Republican party of the
United ! States has been the best friend the
.workingmen ever had.
The people of this city have voted for a
charter, which has given them a better form
of government. The people have voted to
bond the city for many millions to beautify
the city and the people have decided to take
the matter in hand and elect a ticket at the
coming election . that . will do honor to the
metropolis. ...
BONDED • THE CITY.
I 1 Ladies and gentlemen and ' fellow rooters
(laughter and applause): I don't think there
Is much . left for Henry J. Crocker to say.
Tou have listened with earnest attention to
the. speakers of. the evening and for the first
time ' in a political meeting' I have had an
opportunity of listening to some of the good
things said about the Republican party that
I -have not uttered.^ I am a little bit uncer
tain as to what I should say in consequence.
I- can say this, however, as I have my voice
with me: I have done my part In campaign
ing, as has been stated here. I have been
among the voters of San Francisco: I have
visited the foundries and workingmen through
out the city. I have visited the business men
and the Democrats. I have looked over the
field and as you have heard reported to-night,
we have won the victory. (Applause.)
. I propose to show the people of San Fran
cisco; what a candidate, with good Intentions,
with a desire to do right, with no affiliations
that will stop him in the performance of his
duties, without strings that could hold him
back or tie him down in his official capacity,
can do when he comes into the office of Mayor
of San Francisco. (Applause.)
One can hardly realize the great tribute
that San Francisco can offer to one of Its
citizens when it elects him to such a high
office. It is one o£ the largest cities of this
Union; a city composed of intelligent citizens
that have come to her shores because they
are active and progressive and desire to get
what the world offers them.
TRIBUTE OFFERED.
When Chairman Greenebaum introduced
Mr. Crocker to the big gathering the
cheering was deafening. Men stood up in
every part of the hall and cheered for the
Republican nominee for Mayor. The out
burst lasted for many minutes and when
it had ceased Mr. Crocker spoke as fol
lows:
of the municipality. He told of his own
record in the Republican party and said
he was assurred of the support of the sol
diers, who, like himself, went to the front
to uphold Old Glory.
Maurice Asher, Theodore Lunstedt and
other candidates for Supervisor were In
troduced and cordially greeted. They ap
pealed to the voters to stand by the ticket
and they assured them if elected they
would give the people a clean administra
tion.
LEADER OF THE REPUBLICAN HOSTS, WHO LOOKS LIKE A SURE WINNER IN THE MAYORALTY FIGHT,
THE NOMINEE OF THE PARTY FOR TAX COLLECTOR AND ONE OF ITS CANDIDATES FOR PLACE ON
THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS.
WEIXS MAKES SPEECH.
Chairman Grecnebaum introduced
George R. "Wells, candidate for Super
visor, and the last named was given a
generous reception. Mr. Wells spoke In
behalf of this city and painted Its future
In glowing colors. In part he said.
I am a candidate for the office of Super-
cmc-unt of It has been thrown from the other
eide. Thlnps have been said in the newspapers
e.lK>ut Henry J. Crocker which the editors
tiiems'lves know to be false. The life of
Jienry J. Crocker has been an open book and
no one can Bay anything against him. (Ap
plause.)
REPUBLICANS WINNERS.
It it very flattering: indeed to see euch art
outpouring of people at this time. I am satis
fled the same *pirlt will prevail fcr the next
two weeks and you will no doubt elect the
liepublican tlckft.
At a rr.eet.ing of the United 'Kepublieaa
l>ac.e held at headquarters before the con
vention met, I Faid a united Republican party
•res on* of the ihinps to b^ desired. I said
It would be the means of electing: the proper
«n*>n to eit In the convention and it would de
volve en thef-e men to select the proper and
xc*t available candidates for offic*.
My prediction. I am sure, ha* been fulfilled.
In all xr.y experience in politics, I have never
eeen a better body of men than the delegates
that eat in the late municipal convention; and
that body of men brought forth a set of can
<!.'date» for whom we can vote. It brought
forth that sreat and good citizen, Henry J.
Crocker, <ari'lause) who will be our next
Mayor. I have known Mr. Crocker since his
boyhood and I have always known him as a
man who can be fully relied upon and trusted
with everything that could be brought to his
e.tter.tloi. I havo known the father of this
candidate. The late Clarke Crocker was a
!¦••-. eltszen and on* of the most useful men
¦ in California. We detire a better San Fran
cisco than we have had up to this time. I
c :.'t know cf any man in the city who can
carry out these projects better than our can
d'dcte, Henry J. Crocker. (Applause.)
I take pleasure In stating that our candidates
have not engaged In mud-slinging. A great
SARATOGA HALL was crowded last
night Trtth enthusiastic Republicans,
who cheered for Henry J. Crocker
and the other candidates on the
ticket. The meeting was held in the
Forty-Second District, which Is
strongly Republican. The outpouring last
right proved that the voters of the dis
trict are alive to the necessity of electing
a business man to the office of Mayor. In
the big hall last evening were work'.ng
m<?n and other representative citizens,
their wives and daughters, and it was
noted that they cheered loudly for the
standard bearer of the party which
etands for protection and prosperity.
William J. Horrin. an attorney, who Is
a rr-sidf-nt of the district, called the meet
ing to order. Jn his opening addrees he
stated that from reports he had received,
The people were behind the Republican
ticket and hi believed the people of this
city would show themselves to be un
grateful if they did r.ot vote the ticket at
the coming election. He also said that on
the evening the votes were counted, the
Republicans want to send a telegTam to
•President Roosevelt and to the adminis
tration at Washington that San Francisco
is not ungrateful and has gone Republican
by over 10,000. Mr. Herrin introduced A.
Grcencbaum, a well known merchant of
this city, who presided over the meeting.
Mr. Grecnebaum delivered an excellent
speech. He dwelt on the importance of
standing by the Republican party. He
eulogized the standard bearer and praised
the other men who are on the ticket. In
j?art he said:
Judson Brusie Refers
to National Is
sues.
George P. Wells Is
Indorsed by
Friends.
VOTERS OF THE FORTY-SECOND DISTRICT CHEER ENTHUSIASTICALLY
FOR HENRY J. CROCKER, STANDARD BEARER OF THE REPUBLICAN PARTY
Crocker Campaigns
Among Men Who
1 oil.
Workingmen Are in
Line for the
1 ICK6I.
Sunday School Lecture.
The second of a series of lectures under
the auspices of the Sunday-school Com
mission, diocese of California, will be de
livered at St. Luke's Sunday School at 3
o'clock this evening by Rev. William
Guthrle. His subject will be "The Poetry
of the Bible."
HENRY J. CROCKER, Republican
nominee for Mayor, wins supporters
wherever he goes. He is acquainted
with leading men and many of the
boys in every district of the town.
He is cordially greeted in every sec
tion of the city. His purpose to do some
thing for th« betterment of San Fran
cisco Is warmly seconded. It is remarked
to his credit that he does not descend to
mean personalities concerning rival'can
didates. The Republican campaign com
mittee Is especially well pleased with Mr.
Crocker's stylo of ' campaigning. He does
not profess to be a spellbinding profes
sional orator who can hold an audience
In rapt suspense. He goes before his fel
low citizens as a plain business man who
has achieved some success in the man
agement of laree enterprises, and prom
ises that he will give to the business
affairs of the great metropolis in which
he dwells the benefit of his Judgment.
Workingmen and business men of Dem
ocratic r.fflliatlon listen to Mr. Crocker,
and many of them sincerely entertain the
opinion that he is better fitted for the
position of Mayor of San Francisco than
any other candidate for that office now
before the people. The members of the
Republican campaign committee take into
account all the reports that pome to head
quarters from the various Assembly dis
tricts and are convinced that many Dem
ocrats will Join the Republicans in roll
ing up a big majority for Mr. Crocker.
GIVEN ROYAL WELCOME.
South of Market street gave Henry J.
Crocker a royal and reassuring welcome
yesterday afternoon when he spent sev
eral hours among the working thousands
of that section. The popular candidate
covered much ground, his trip extending
from the vicinity of Sixth and Brannan
streets to the offices of the Western Meat
Company in South San Francisco. The
reception on all sides was such as to
show that Mr. Crocker's quality of being
a "mixer" Is winning him much substan
tial aid and many votes in the race.
No one. high or low, missed his cordial
attention throughout all the many offices
of the railroad shops and workshops that
he visited. The clerks as well aa the
managers in each department of the rail
road shops and furniture factories re
ceived a cordial greeting and handshake.
With it was the personal, interested kind
of campaign talk that is making Mr.
Crocker more and more popular among
those who have to labor for their daily
bread each day.
The district south of Market street has
undergone a most radical cnange during
the past two weeks. The more laboring
men have talked with Crocker the more
they have realized that he is the man into
whose control it is safe and wise to put
the reins of city government.
It was a series of social knots of inter
ested men that gathered round the Re
publican candidate yesterday In each
place that he visited. By the buttons
these men wore as well as the words they
uttered it was plain to see that the vot
ers were giving him* support. The inci
dents of the afternoon were all such aa
to show the greatest and most Interested
good feeling for Crocker. He is a good
story teller,, aa well as. a good fact ex
pounder, and each man he meets leaves
him with a pleasant remembrance of his
personality and the helpful words that
he utters. It is safe to say that the dis
tricts south of Market street will poll a
good vote for Crocker on election day.
LAST NOTE -OF DESPAIB.
When the Democratic press shouts
"railroad" at the Republican nominee it
is a sure sign that the 1 Democratic cam
paign is not far from an Inglorious finish.
The cry is the last note of despair. It is
always heard on the eve of Democratic
disaster. Many years ago the pictures of
a locomotive frightened the taxpayers,
but the reign of railroad terror is over.
If another transcontinental railroad
should enter San Francisco during the
coming Republican administration of lo
cal affairs the people of the city would
not regard it as a calamity.
Last night Candidate Lane positively
threw up his hands. He announced that
he was •willing to refer the mayoralty con
test to President Roosevelt for. settle
ment by arbitration. Henry Crocker is
willing to refer the subject to the people
of San Francisco.
The star of Schmitz seems to be slight
ly on the wane. The Mayor travels rap
idly from one section of the city to an
other, but does not linger in one locality
much longer that he stays with one polit
ical party. Ruef is working hard to keep
up the supply of Incidental attractions.
Good singing enlivens the Ruef meetings.
It Is said that Schmitz contemplates a
fine exhibition in the Forty-fifth District
before the campaign closes. A combination
consisting of Mershon, Ruef, Parry and
the colt will be put on the stage. Lane
is lagging behind Schmltz. The Mayor
is speedier and shiftier than his Demo
cratic adversary. Schmltz has only been
In the political arena two years, yet with
in that, time he has belonged at on© time
or another to every political party. Lane
has been in public life ten years and haa
belonged to only two parties— the Demo
cratic and Prohibition.
BEPTTBLICAN MEETINGS.
Two Republican rallies will be held this
evening. In the Thirty-second Assembly
District, at Maennerbund Hall, Twenty
fourth street and Potrero avenue, the
following candidates will speak: Henry
J. Crocker, Harry Baehr, H. H. Lynch,
George H. Bahrs, Percy V. Long, E. J.
Smith. John E. McDougald. L. N. Jacob*,
J. J. Grelf. E. S. Salomon, Dr. T. H. Mor
ris, William E. Lutz, F. N. Bent. M. L.
Asher, Dr. C. Boxton, J. S. Nyland, T. C.
Duff, E. H. Aigeltinger, Fred Eggers,
Theodore Lunstedt, Dr. J. J. Stephen,
William Barton and George Alpers.
The eloquent Jud C. Brusie and J. T.
Nourse will favor the meeting with
speeches-.
In the Thlrty-flfth Assembly District,
at Y. M. C. A. Hall, Mission street, near
Twenty-third, there will be a meeting,
which will be addressed by Hon. A. P.
Van Duzer, John S. Partridge and D. J.
Murphy; also by Henry J. Crocker, Henry
H. Lynch, George H. Bahrs, E. S. Salo
mon, Percy V. Long, E. J. Smith. J. E.
McDougald. Harry Baehr, Dr. T. H. Mor
ris, J. J. Grelf, William E. Lutz, L. N.
Jacobs, George Dietterle, Maxwell Mc-
Nutt, Robert Vance, L. A. Rea, George
R. Wells, W. W. Sanderson and all the
other candidates.
On Thursday evening the Thirty-first
District Republicans will hold a meeting
at Elntracht Hall, on Twelfth street, be
tween Folsom and Howard. The meeting
will be addressed by Daniel A. Ryan. C.
M. Fickert, A. P. Van Duzer, John S.
Partridge and the candidates.
All the organizations in the Fortieth
Assembly District have united for a rally
on Thursday evening? at Franklin Hall, on
Fillmoro street, near Bush. Among the
speakers will be D. W. Burchard, E. D.
Peixotto, E. I. Wolfe, D. A. Ryan, I.
Golden, A. Van der Nalllen and all the
candidates.
A grand Republican rally will be held
at Wackentender Hall, corner of Wool
street and Eugene avenue, Friday even-
Ing, October "23. The demonstration will
be given under the auspices of the Young
Men's Republican Club of Holly Park
and Bernal Heights. John S. Partridge
will preside. Thomas R. Huling, presi
dent, and Bernard F. Chambers, secre
tary of the club, will be reinforced by a
committee of arrangements, consisting of
Joseph Johansen, J. C. Swanson and J.
Nickols, and a campaign committee, con
sisting of Thomas C. Connolly, J. J. At
kinson, James W. Woods, George Haley
and William Casey.
Wehe Club Organized.
Several hundred friends of Alfred W.
Wehe gathered in Pythian Castle last
night and organized a campaign club In
his behalf. P.}J. Mogan, a veteran of
the County Clerk's office, presided ever
the meeting. Volunteers gave their names
as .active, workers, to make a .thorough
canvass of the commercial houses and
manufacturing concerns, of the business
district, and a committee was appointed
to take care of the campaign in each As
sembly district of the city.
For Additional Political News Page 8
Best business houses in the city are our cus
tomer*. Mysell-Rollins. 22 Clay, printers. •
Ladies' Auxiliary Will Entertain.
The Ladles' Auxiliary to Camp Rein
hold Rlchter. Spanish-American War Vet
erans, will give an entertainment to-night
at Armory Hall, corner of Page and
Gough streets. Music and dancing will
constitute the programme.
Reduced rates on household good* to * from
tfc. East * South. Bekia'a. 11 Montgomery. •
THE SAN FEAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 21, 1903.
some have greatness thrust upon them." In
Ean Francisco we have all three conditions.
Ban Francisco was born great; in the second
place she has achieved greatness and finally
she has had destiny thrust greatness upon her.
Mr. Wells paused in his speech and the
leader of the band, believing he had
finished, started an Inspiring air and the
speaker's flow of eloquence received a
check. He gracefully retired and Judge
Brusie, a spellbinder of some fame, was
introduced and delivered a splendid
speech. He discussed the local campaign
from a national standpoint. The chair
man Introduced Brusie as a candidate
and the latter told his auditors that he
was one of the few exceptions to the
rule and was not a candidate.
IMPORTANT QUESTION.
I am going, to try and to suggest to every
man in this house to-night and to every woman
that either now, to-morrow or next 'week or
some time before this campaign is over, that
they ask thm selves a little question; one which
you will ask a. thousand times in your, lives.
It ' U simply this:' What 13 best •> for me?
Never mind the ether fellow. •-: What is best
for me? That's th* question ' that is being
asked by n. ereat many men in San Fran
cisco, and should bo put the last hour of the
day before election, before a decision lit
reached. ¦ '
What will .the re-election of Eugene E.
Schmltz mean to me? i'oii all know what
It means to you. Not a nUht passes that he
does not tell the people of San Francisco what
it means to him. His friends are telling the
people what It means to them. Those who ex
pect to have office and these who have been
promised offices are talking:. • His bonfires are
burning:; his sky-rockets are lighting the heav
ens; his banners hang on the outer walls;
spielers are spieling for him. and they will
continue to tell you what' it all- means until
the 3rd day of November; but when that time
comes, I could suggest that you do Bomethlng.
Go off to a quiet spot and think' it over.
Ask yourself, what doea it all mean to me?
What is best for me to do to-morrow: what
is best for my little home and its precious
contents, and when you ask that question.
recall other occasions in your life when you
were guided by the same judgment*, the eame
reasons that prevailed with you then.
REMEMBER HARD TIMES.
You remember the hard times in Ean Fran
cisco in 1891. You reruember the terrible con
dltlcns that pxistrd at that time. Did you
turn to Franklin K. Lane then?' - Did you go
to the Columbia theater and say to" Eugene
E. Schmltz, "Droo -your fiddle and your bow
and lead me out of the wilderness?" No! You
turned not to Franklin K. Lane; you turned
not to Eugene E. Schmltz; you. turned, the
leaves of your country'" history and what did
jou read? You read of other, dark days in
Ban Francisco, and you turned to the Repub
lican party, and that party, did not fail you.
You can subserve the interests of- your homed
and- the Interests of the United States and
the principles which have given 8an Fran
cisco what she has to-day, by voting the
straight Republican ticket . at the ' municipal
election on November 3rd. (Applause.) . _ . .».
Judge George ,H. - Bahrs - is still : Indis
posed and was unable to - speak. ' He, .
however, had an excellent representative
in his Bon, who not. only paid graceful
tributes to the head . of the • ticket and
other candidates, but criticised Dr. Wash
ington I Dodge, the Democratic candidate
for 'Assessor. He said his father had re
ceived 19,000 votes as an independent can
didate, and he felt. certain. that: with. the
Republican party behind him he .would
defeat the incumbent of the office. He
also said Dodge had held the office two
terms and imagined that the office was
created for one man alone. ",' He
thought 'a man 1 less selfish * and less
grasping should conduct the affairs of
that- important office. • .'..
Harry. Baehr, candidate for re-election
as. Auditor, was given a warm .welcome.
He pledged himself to carry out the duties
of his office In the same honorable way
he has during the last two years. Audi
tor Baehr also paid some high compli
ments to the head of the ticket
-Percy V. Long, candidate ' for City At
torney, was suffering ' from • a bad cold
and was unable to speak at length.. He
expressed his pleasure : at' being able to
come before the voters of the Forty-sec
ond District and thank them for the sup
port accorded him in the past.
General E. 8. Salomon, nominee for Dis
trict Attorney, made quite an. impres
sion. General Salomon modestly referred
to the part he took In savins : this coun
try. He told of his record In the War of
the Rebellion and regretted he was not a
native son. He said that' Henry J.
Crocker was a man In whom the people
could entrust the duties of chief executive
visor from thU dletrlct. I have lived In Ban
Francisco nearly forty years, and the reason
that I have decided to run for this office at
this time la becaus« I love San Francisco. I
love the old traditions; I love the old Spanish
name; I love the people; I love their habits
and their customs; I hare become almost a
native Callfornlan myself. And when I have
cone Bast, I have noticed the difference In
people. I believe In the future of Ban Fran
cisco. I believe she Is destined to be th« sec
ond city of the United States. She will be to
the Pacific Coast what ICew York on the At
lantic Is to that coast. We have only to look
around and sea what we must do to make this
a great city. Shakespeare says: "Some men
are born great; some achieve greatness and
16
SPECIAL OFFERING
EXTRA QUALITY
BLACK SWISS TAFFETA, 21 Inches wide... 6 Oc Yard
BLACK TAFFETA, heavu aualitg, extra value, 21 inches
wide ! '.75c Yard
BLACK GUARANTEED TAFFETA, a beautiful heavu
aualltu, 23 inches wide 85c Yard
BLACK GUARANTEED TAFFETA, 24 Inches wide, our
most rsllahle make Sl.OO Yard
BLACK GUARANTEED TAFFETA, manufacturer's guar-
antee for durability 26 Inches wide.. $1.00 Yard
BLACK TAFFETA, extra heaYu aualltu, 27 inches wide
Sl.OO Yard
BLACK GUARANTEED TAFFETA, perspiration and spot
proof, 27 Inches wide SI. 25 Yard
BLACK GUARANTEED TAFFETA, 36 Inches Wide
$1.25 Yard
BLACK GUARANTEED PEAU DE CYGNE, Yeru lustrous
finish, 21 inches wide • Sl.OO Yard
BLACK GUARANTEED PEAU DE SOIE, extra heavu anl
high lustre, 21 inches wide 51.00 Yard
BLACK GUARANTEED SURAH, heavu twill and soft
¦• finish, 24 Inches wide.... Sl.OO Yard
BLACK PEAU DE SOIE, all pure silk and heautiful soft
'f.-nlsh. 24 inches wide......... $1.25 Yard
NOTE.
Orders by mail receive prompt attention. All orders for
samples or goods filled and shipped same day they are re-
. ceived.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
¦¦¦HraBHBHBBPHHaH
¦ Carpenters and Glaziers n
g in possession of our show g
5 windows. To offset lack ¦
8 of window display and to |
' Induce you to shop to day, R
a we'll give... |
2 Green Tradings 1
Stamps I
Instead of I ¦
m B
s . . ¦
I DOUBLE GREEN TRADING"
g — STAMPS -= ¦
a GIVEN TODAY TO ALL"
® PURCHASERS 1
¦ - ' t ¦ ""^"^ ¦ ¦
¦immense Bargains In Our ¦
¦ Skirt, Waist and Wrapper!
¦ Departments...... g
B I I ¦
b Money refunded on all b
¦ goods not satisfactory §
I MARKS BROS. I
5=H0NEST VALUES= S
g 1220-22-24 Market St ¦
B Bet. Taylor and Jones. B
B ¦ - ¦.¦¦¦¦-¦- ¦ -:.."«
, ¦BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB'
ADVXRTISE3OIJSTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MARKS BROS.
ARM CHAIR ' '535
mill | $ 2.65
For dining-room, sitting-room, library or office.
A great, roomy, comfortable Arm Chair, made of
solid oak, in golden finish. The seat is of embossed
leather, the back is high and the arms spreading.
The spindles are gracefully turned.
Regular price $6.50. Special for the week $2.65
•• The Credit House " 233-235-237 Post St.
eooooaoeocoooooooooooo
: MISSION |
: FURNITURE |
| Ai 20% Discount •
S From Regular Prices, o
• ©
o o
• We offer our entire line of O
| MISSION AND I
| WEATHERED OAK g
e Dining-Room Furniture %
S Bookcases %
3 Desks S
S Chairs 2
2 Tables, Etc. 2
O — — Q
|Chas.flI.Pium&Co. §
• Cor. 9ih and Market Sts. o
Se«ooooeooooooo»«*QQ»»
9 IS THE MARK OF N
Kl cluett, peabody & co. BJ
sUl 1 "^ MAKERS * Jp^]
I BafflS! fall IJTI fair* is^ J^
At Manufacturer's Price.
J. MABTY, S3 Turk StXMt.
Factory — 826 Howard Street. Repairing.