tss' wsATHtsy t + *
rorecait^Tnaa^-ai-JS*^ Fraa»_
cisco for thirty bouts +*a\j\z
midnisrfct. December 25:
San rranciico and vicinity—
r«ir Priday, tecominr cicudy at
nijrit; light northeast wiada,
chasrlar to southeuterly.
A. O. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
COLONEL COBY WILL FOUJVD
MODEL COLONY IN WYOMING
Dies From Self-inflicted Wounds.
KANSAS CITY, J Dec. 24.— Samuel
W. Lee. the groce/ from near Louis
burg, Kans., who yesterday shot and
killed his brother's wife. Mrs. Flor
ence V. Lee, in a fit of Jealousy, and
then shot himself and cut his throat,
died to-d>v
Liner Finland Is Floated.
' FLUSHING, Holland, Dec. 24.— The
Red Star liner Finland, -which went
ashore pecember'^19 at Nieuwersluls,
was floated to-day> The damage which
she sustained has not been ascertained.
Brooklyn Bridge Isi* Badly Weakened.
j NEW TORK;Dec. 2 4.—in a report
to the Mayor to-day Bridge. Commis
sioner Udenthal recommends .the
rebuilding of Brooklyn bridge,' which
was opened to traffic In 1882., The
Commissioner ¦ says .' the • .structure;
from anchorage to anchorage, is.In! a
worn-out and weakened condition, re
quiring, constant?; and-expensive' "re
pairs to; keep it safe. .- # The rebuilding
of the bridge, he asserts, has become
Tribesmen Sack Town of Zettat.
TANGIERS, Dec. 24.— The town of
Zettat, near Casa Blanca, has been
attacked and pillaged and partly de
stroyed by surrounding tribes. The
population included many Jews'*
ReTolutionists'Bombard Puerto Plata.
WASHINGTON,. Dec. 24.— Consul
Simpson, cabling to-night from Puer
to Plata, San Domingo, confirms the
press dispatches that the .revolution
ists have bombarded Puerto Plata.
The dispatch is brief and gives no de
tails.
' In addition td the vast body of land
that will.be reclaimed ,by the Cody-
Salisbury canal, a large quantity of
railroad lan<l will be brought under
cultivation indirectly by Buffalo Bill's
project.
The Mormons are taking activs
steps to-, renp full advantage from tha
/tew developments, and brobahly will »
be the first in tho fl?!<1 with settlers on /
the new- dominion. Early next year
the work of building the great canal
will commence, and It will be nulled
.with all t possible speed. .
Stage and automobile lines are to
be established between Cody City and
the Yellowstone. Park, and this fea
ture of , the big enterprise is expected
to be in running: order in tim<* for
tourist. travel next summer.
Treaty Is Regarded as Significant.
. PARIS. Dec. 24. — The treaty of ar
bitration between France and Italy,
which is to be signed in a few days,
is regarded in official quarters as hav
ing an important bearing on the rela
tions of a number- of European pow
er?. The treaty Is brief, and its terms
are almost identical with those of the
Anglo-French treaty. The main sig
nificance of the document is its being
between France and one of the parties
of the Triple Alliance.
HONOLULU, Dec. 24. — It is the
present Intention of Rear Admiral
Evans to sail with the Asiatic squad
ron for Cavite next Tuesday. The col
liers Pompey and Nanshan sailed to
day, via Midway and Guam. Gover
nor Carter and the Merchants' Asso
ciation have cabled President Roose
velt and Secretary of the Navy Moody,
expressing the appreciation of the
people of Hawaii for the visit of the
squadron and asking that its time of
departure be extended to January 1
or later.
Squadron Will Sail for Cavite.
AUSTIN', Tex., Dec. 24. — Americans
employed in the general offices of the
Mexican International Railroad par
ticipated in a genuine bullfight at
Piedras Negra. Mexico, last Sunday.
The bulls were vicious and the Amer
ican amateurs had many narrow es
capes from , being killed. The event,
was presided over by six American
young ladies.
H. D. Oldham. matador, was sup
ported by G. G. Carlisle, F. - T.
Hill, John Villasana. M. J. Fox, H. A.
Tauhean, Emmet Mayfleld, T. H.
Redd, C. S. Brewer, George Legge. E.
H. Kelso and R. F. Dowe.
Yankee Amateurs . Compete Before
Their Country- Women In a
Mexican Arena.
SIX AMERICAN GIRLS
PRESIDE AT BULLFIGHT
HAVANA, Dec. 24. — The Senate to
day directed the Finance Committee to
report next Monday a bill increasing
by 25 per cent the present tariff on
all imports except in the case of raw
materials, the duties on which are to
be calculated in such a manner as will
not be prejudicial to Cuban Industries.
In the enactment of this measure the
intention is to protect the treasury
against the lower receipts "which will
result from the operation of the reci
procity treaty between Cuba and the
United States. This measure will ob
tain until the new Congress, which
meets next April, passes a permanent
tariff law.
Duties on All Imports Except on Raw
Materials Are to Be Raised Twen
ty-Fire Ter Cent.
CUBAN 1 SEXATE DIRECTS
AX IXCREASE IX TARIFF
PRESCOTT. Ariz.. Dec. 24. — Frank
Willis, a miner, -was cremated last
night In his tent on Lyon Creek. He
retired at 11 o'clock and at 2 o'clock
this morning neighbors discovered the
tent on fire. He could be seen appar
ently unconscious in bed in the tent,
but on account of the intense heat it
was impossible to reach him. The
cause of the fire is unknown.
Miner In Arizona Perishes in Flames
¦\Vliile Comrades Are Unable to
' - Rescue Him.
FRIEXDS SEE HIM DIE
IX A BLAZIXG TEXT
The . Uttle 'girl, _ whV was "of V very
sensitive disposition, .was" 1 ' repilmanded
by -her tea'cherV for "•having" whispered
to a ¦ seatmate; during ? the Uegsoh ; hour.
The' child -wej^t;;.' bitterly*/ when '-' she
reached'; homeland/ declared^that the
disgrace 'was moteUhansrieccuId bear.
: She 'complained of (a-headach » and' was
directed; by "her 'mother to7-take-'sorn*e
salts/ Before swallowing-' the ''medicine
strychrilhe,'" which* was' left Mh? the cup
aboard as ; a'_ rat* poisorv? Theilittle o'ne
was seized ;by"convulsionsfind] died 'a
half -hour llateri ,. ""/"?.. V-~J" ", * ;. ' ' ;
. .The.eviderice'.brought "out'at; the cor
oner's^ . Inquest ' 'remarkable
traits t of character in the young suicide.
arid "was . always way ahead of ' her
Echoolmates-~.She. ,was,~.how.ev.er, of a
nervous temperament '.and - Inclined tto
be morbid. -.On several^ occasions- she
had announced ; thai" she. would- end her
own life it .her- troubles, >as . she/termed
the.jlittle • annoyances- ; of Vn<?r^ daily
career, .continued. Thej coroner's jury
returned a' verdict of v -.>.-.-.< i
' The -parents^ of; the. child are '.well to
do residents ' of < this' county., •who. I the
neighborsjfdeclare,- have always "treated
their children with great kfndnes3/- <
PROVO, Utah,, Dec.. 24.-^-Becays9 sha
had beenjreprovedj'for. a^chiMish- prank
at school-^little ''¦',' Mary j-Peters.'feleven
years old^'ende'd" her life' with poison
this morning." ' " *'." ' 1 -." l ." ? V; *- ' \
Special Dispatch to The.CaH.
Eddie Keith ras arte of the bes^
knbjvn lads of his age in this city. He
was >very Industrious and 'was this
morning, to have cc-ne to work for th»
Bell Telephone Company. He had been
living with a married sistsr here. His
mother resides at Dillon, Mont.
POCATELLO. Idaho. Dec. 24.— As
j the fe'sult of "pjaying Indian 1 ' Eddie
Keith, a -14-year-old lad of this place.
r met a 'horrible death last night. He
I was found in a "dugout." or £»ve.
roasted to death, by a party that had
been searching for him sines last even-
Ing. - :
"The boy had a desire to emulate Hm
| hunting exploits of the Indians who
flive "on the nearby reservations, and
yesterday morning he started out with
a small rifle, telling his boy friends
that he was groing to live like an' In
dian for a while. He evidently wan
dered-'along the banks of a stream for
some time and finally built a fire in
"an'otd" ''dusout" that had been lined
[with rotten timbers. In some way one
[ c-fithc timbers fell, choking the exit
(¦and. keeping the boy imprisoned. When
| : founa this morning the boy's body was
j*b©rrlbly, burned and nas almost un
recognizable- - -'
Special Dispatch to Ths Call.
„ -.Uncle f Sam .doesn't > build irriga
tion work's -in /the b'asin^during, 1903
I'MrilT; wait* no longer," b U t shall/get
the mon.ey^an.'l .b'uijd Jjipjp .myself." ' j
That was the declaration by.Co^onei
(jqdy a'year" or. more. ago., and | he is
proceeding-. with, ch'araeteristic da?h
to" m,ake his words "good. .
";¦ The.' Cody-Salisbury, .canal 'was
planned "several years ago! It will be
seventy-five miles ' fa lenarth-^-one of
the. longest "in" the; West. 5 It will re
clairn'several 'hundred '.thousands of
acres \of. land and ".will cost at least
The! headgate will be in
a deep canyon, " the ' Shoshone
River, cuts t through CedSr' Mountains
six- miles -above ..Cody "City.? Of" the
tract to be irrigated 8000 -acres have
already been -segregated, under >• the
Carey "act, ; and there '.are S5.000. acre*
more" of tillable Iandj b«low' one tract
o** 80.000 to be reclaimed. ii'rj ¦
Buffalo Bill : has planned more
than; an irrigation and ' colonization
projects Part of the ¦-. 53.500,000
which he'has raised ¦will be employed
in -financing mercantile institutions,
banks, " , hotels, ' '¦ summer * resorts,
transportation- llnes. v breeding farms
and/ hunting lodges. -Northern Wyo
ming, is- "to': be "brought . closer to
civilization,", aa Cody- puts it.
u SALT LAKE,. Dec. 24.— Colonel W.
F.. Cody (Buffalo Bill) has perfected
a plan and obtained backing for tha
reclaiming , and colonizing •- of hun
dreds of thousands of acres in the
Big ..Horn Basin .of -Wyoming. Thore
is v nothlng . problematical about / this
project. Cpdy has the cash— three
and* a- half 'millions ..of /dollars-^-and
Avb^k; will. be- commenced early in the
spring on* one 'of . the'most extensive
irrigation systems in. the entire West.
It is -'understood' that capital for the
several 1 enterprises that -will, be car
ried out AjrtdeT" Colonel -Cody's leader
ship •¦comes, -from' English^ noblemen.
A population .for- the- reclaimed lands
of the v Big^P.afiin country .will be. sup
pled \as -a. par t : of -.the coloni
zation, scheme, that is now .being ex
tensively.and . energetically, promoted
throughout the West.' / The church is
seizing upon every opportunity to ex
tend .its influence and populate tha
Western .country/, with citizens, of the
Morjnon faith. . . ',\ '<• ... '...„ ..,,
Special Dispatch 'to Th- Call.
lepfeajvOl'GM
Ms Her^Tf ivial -
"TMWes. 1 ' n
Idalio Lad "Plays In
dian" With Dire
Result.
The paper maintains that, the veto
is not a right but an abuse of power
and that no pontiff has ever accepted
It. Even the sacred college sometimes
opposed it, but when it did accept it
it was only for the purpose of-avoid
ing worse evils. The article is much
commented upon, as it is known to
have been' inspired by the Pope, who
read and corrected the proof sheets.-.
ROME, Dec. 24. — The Osservatore
Romano, the Vatican organ,.^cqn tains
an article to-day answering' that part
of the speech of Count Goluchowski,
the Austrian Minister of Foreign Af
fairs, delivered December 16, which
referred to the veto of Austria against
Cardinal Rampolla at the last con
clave. • .-.., .
Maintains That the Veto of Austria
Against Cardinal Rampolla Is I
an, Abuse of Power. \
VATICAN" ORGAN* ANSWERS
SPEECH OF GOLUCHQWSKI
"Buffalo Bill" in
I an Irrigation
? v--> Venture.
BOY LOSES
HIS LIFE IN
GAVE FIRE
REPROVED
CHILD DIES
OF POISON
"BUFFALO . BILL." NOTED
, FRONTIERSMAN. • AS HE
APPEARS -TO-DAY.
NEW YORK, Dec. 24.— For the sec
ond time since warning President Mel
len of the New York, New Haven and
Hartford Railroad that they must be
paid ransom to save an express train
freighted with human beings and hun
dreds of thousands of dollars, bandits
of the class that wrecked Northern Pa
cific bridges in Montana have applied
the perils of dynamite 10 trains run
ning out of this city.
Walking down a curving track on
Wednesday. Charles W. Fuller, a sec
tion foreman on the Berkshire divi
sion, found two miles from the little
village of Stevenson. Conn., a pound
stick ol dynamite, a form of explosive
used only in the heavy blasting of
mines err rocky cuts in railroad work.
The dynamite lay squarely against the
rail where the track, following the
bends in the Housatonic River, runs
through a rocky cut more than fifty
feet detp. A percussion cap was at
tached to t:ie dynamite stick.
Special Dispatch to The Call
An Olney propaganda in other New
England States will be started at once.
This is the outcome of a conference
a few nights ago, attended by leading
New England Democrats and at which
John Sharpe Williams of Mississippi,
the Democratic leader in Congress, was
present.
A resolution will be offered by Hon.
William S. McNary, chairman of the
committee, and other New England
States will be asked to aid in the Olney
movement.
BOSTON, Dec. 24.— The name of
Richard Olney will be formally ..re
sented to the people of the United
States as a candidate for the Demo
cratic nomination for the Presidency
at the coming: meeting of the Demo
cratic State Committee of Massachu
sets.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Thugs Demanding a
Ransom Endanger
Trains.
Bay State Democrats
Urge Him for
Presidency.
DYNAMITE
FOUND ON
THE RAILS
LAUNCHING
THE BOOM
FOR OLNEY
Governor Xanies a Staff Officer.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 24.— Governor
P.irdee to-day appointed Emanuel J.
Louis of Los Angeles as a member of
his staff, with the title of commander
and ai-1 de camp. Louis will be the
staff representative of the naval mi
litia of the State
The criminal branch of the Court of
Cassation is composed of sixteen mem- '
bers, presided over by M. Loew, v.ho !
has participated in many of the most j
prominent trials of recent years. Many '
persons are in doubt as to whether this |
court can definitely decide the question j
of Dreyfus* restoration to the army, j
some authorities holding that under the j
law the rehabilitation of officers must .
h<? determined by the Council of War. j
A prominent official, however, said to- !
night that he expected the decision cf !
the court would he accepted as final.
Dreyfus did not desire that his nw j
trial should be conducted by a civrl (
tribunal, as he was anxious to again j
'po before a court-martial. M. Mornard. '
the Parisian lawyer who represented 1
"Dreyfus before the Court of Cassation, i
refused to bo interviewed, but a friend, j
j-r-eaking for; fcin;, ''aid that Dr?yf>js :
h:i'J afkfd' tc be Judged by his pe-«rs !
firfl that he had not rhans-rd his views. I
His counsel will szain demand a mill- i
tary judgment of the »-ase.
At the home of former Captain Dr<?y- j
fas the decision was expected, and
preparations are mw being made to j
convince the court of bis Innocence. J
Immediately upon the receipt of the
report cf the commission the Govern
ment will transmit ail the documents In
the case to the procurer general of the
Court of Cassation. These documents
include the modified testimony of M.
Gribelin. tho principal archivist of the
headquarters staff, who, at the court
martial at Rennes, testified that he
believed Dreyfus was guilty of treason,
hut w^o h2s now altered h!s evidence
so as to throw the blame upon Colonel
Hern*. i
Dreyfus received the news of the de
rision of the commission through per
sonal friends, who extended to him
their earnest congratulations on the
victory. The public was compelled to
wait for its information until the regu
lar editions were issued.
Th» few persons who were at the
Ministry of Justice saw the members of
the revision commission depart shortly
after 6 o'clock, apparently glad that
they had completed their task. There
¦was absolute unanimity among the
members of the commission. One mem
ber asserted that on the facts present
ed as the result of the investigation
made by Captain Targe, an officer on
the staff of War Minister Andre, an
other revision of the case was made
possible.
The details in the report of the com
mission have not yet been made public,
but it is stated generally that the pro
duction of evidence which had not been
submitted to the court-martial at
Rennes and the charge of testimony of
pome of the witnesses before the cburt
martial, which entirely reversed: th»
view as to the guilt of Dreyfus, brought
about the decision of the commission to
reter the case for retrial to a civil tri
bunal.
Th* submission of the question of re
vision to a commission is considered in
France as a tactful move on the part
of the Government to obtain judicial
support for Its favorable attitude to
ward Dreyfus. Moreover, as the pro
ceedings cf the commission have ex
tended over four weeks the first excite
ment disappeared and the people had a
chance to coolly consider the action of
the Ministers.
Though it had been announced that
The revision commission would reach a
decision this evening, there were few
persons outside of the Ministry of Jus
tice, where the sittings of the commis
sion trere held. Indicating that the in
terest of Parisians in the cass is not as
keen as it has been in the oast.
PARIS, Dec. 24. — Captain Dreyfus.
accused of treason to France, degraded,
dismissed from the French army and
exiled to prison on Devils Island, will
have another trial, this time by a
civilian tribunal.
As the result of an examination of all
of the evidence submitted to two
courts-rr.artial which have, already
passed on the question of Dreyfus'
guilt, as well as on the petition of
Dreyfus for a new trial and the ad
ditional farts brought to light by Gen
eral Andre, Minister of War. the com
mission on revision representing the
Court of. Cassation reached a decision
to-day in favor of the revisi-ja of the
ca»=e by th» criminal branch of the
<>>urt of Cassation. The "court will as
semble next month and Dreyfus will
then have full opportunity to make a
corrfplete exposition of the wrongs he is
said to have suffered. The former cap
tain, as a result of thl? new trial, ex
pects to obtain vindication, followed by
restoration to his former rank in th»
a rm y. <
Kehl's particular delusion was about
"the ideal ship." a general barge arid
swimming propeller which he regarded
as the most important of his forty in
ventions. Another is a gun which
would fire .1000 shots a minute at a cost
of only $1. These, as well as the prob
lem of aerial navigation and. perpetual
motion, he characterized as "simple as
the addition of 2 and 2." His object in
coming to Washington was to get the
President to secure the protection of the
Government for his patents! also to
form a series of stock companies to
manufacture and market his products.
"You Will be sorry if you do not see
me, for I will .find you and kill you,"
he 'wrote.
The letter was turned over to the se
cret service this morning and late this
evening Kehl was located at a small
hotel and taken to police headquarters.
While the officers vrere searching him
he made an attempt to draw a revolver
from his hip pocket, bjit was disarmed
after a struggle. " A pair of brass
knuckles were found in another pocket.
According to his own story. Kehl
was in the hardware business in Con
cepcion. Chile, until weight years ago.
'.Tb«ri?ES75oId out arid Tsegah atudyiriir.
with" the '"object, he jald. of Inventing
a "floating: propeller." \ This evidently
turned his mind. He left Concepclon
in October for Washington'; arriving in
Baltimore on November 24 and coming
to this city three days later, and has
since occupied, a room in the Eagle
Hotel.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 . G STREET,
X. W., WASHINGTON, D. C. Dec. 24.
—Jerman Kchl, an insane Chilean and
the most dangerous "White House
crank" yet captured in "Washington,
was arrested here to-night. Kehl has
been in the city for more'than a month,
but attention was not attracted to him
until yesterday, when he carried to the
White House a letter demanding an in
terview with President Roosevelt and
threatening the . life of the chief ex
ecutive if his demand were not granted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
French War Department Will Abide
by Decision of Tribunal That
Will Hear the Case.
Making Arrest.
Revolver and Brass Knuckles Are
Found Upon Him by Officers £
Evidence Hitherto Withheld
Presented to Revision
Commission.
Threatens Ml Roosevelt's
Life in Letter Demand
ing. Audience.
Civil Court to Pass
on Question of
His Guilt.
Insane Clean Tries
toEntepfliite
House. II
Officer Lane, who accompanied Constable Medlin to the city with the
prisoners, made the woman open her trunk at Bakersfield. As she tumbled
the clothes out the officer's suspicions became aroused. At Barstow he
again looked into the trunk. He was surprised to find wrapped in the
clothes the head of a human being. Lane was too confounded to make
much of an examination, but he wrapped up the head and closed the trunk.
When asked where the head came from, the woman said that she had
bought it of an Indian for good luck.
SAN BERNARDINO, Dec. 24.— Trinidad Figueroa and Miguel Antonio,
the alleged Needles murderers, were brought to Saji Bernardino this morn
ing. From evidence the officers have in their possession, it, ?s- believed
that the mixed Spanish and negro woman and the Cuban negrs, Antonio,
have many murders to account for. It is believed that the horrible murder
of the Chinaman, Lee Gar, at Needles last Sunday was only one of simi
lar crimes that may be laid at their door.
The ¦woman evidently has lost all horror of crime, if she ever had any,
for in her trunk the officers have found the head of a human being.
Around the gruesome object the woman's clothes were wrapped.
Constable Medlin arrived 'from Bakersfield this morning, having in cus
tody Antonio and Figueroa. Lite to-night the woman made a confession to
the effect that her husband, assisted by a Cuban named Detro, com
mitted the murder at Needles and that fche and a woman named Maria Wil
son witnessed the deed. ' When seen this morning she persisted in denying
that she knew anything about the crime, but finally declared that Miguel
Antonio took the life of the Chinese.
"We keep house at Needles," she said, speaking brokenly, "and I send
rronev to the home at San Francisco, where I have two little children by
my first husband. I know nothing about how that Chinaman was killed.
He was not employed by me. When he came my husband took him into
the room and locked the door. I know nothing about his being killed.
•'I went for a visit and to buy meat from a butcher store. When I re
turned my husband 1^ fingers were bleeding, and I asked him the reason.
He pointed to his fingers and said they were cut on the building where he
worked. Every time I went near the door he told me to go away, and then
said we should go to San Francisco to see my little children. When we
grot to the depot he bought tickets and lost one, so I bought a ticket to
Barstow. There was no other man in the house but my husband."
That the murder of Lee Gar was premeditated there is little doubt.
The woman, Trinidad Figueroa, went to the laundry Saturday afternoon
and recuested that Lee Gar be sent to the house Sunday afternoon for
some washing. The murderers knew that he did the collecting. They also
knew that it was shortly after payday on the Santa Fe and that he would
have a large sum of money with him.
Southern California Officer Makes
a Startling Discovery on
Train.
NEW TRIAL
IS GRASTED
TO DREYFUS
FINDS JUAN'S HEAD
IN THE BAGGAGE
PRESIDENT
IMPERILED
BY MANIAC
f . TBS TBSATSBS.
2 Hlowtr — 'Sine .. Jeans." IC&t*
# laea To-Day. -
> California — "Tozy Graaflpfc."
Mattnea To-Bay*
Central — "Alpicaie and Ou
¦ - ¦- ton." SZatlnee To-Day.
Colombia — "Dolly Yarien." Mat
."" * ia*« To-Day. * - ' • •
Tluchn'* — "I. O. V." Matins*
To-Day.
.Orasd— "A I.lttl« Outcart." Mtt
taea To-Day. *
Orphatun — Vaudeville. Katinee
. To-Day.
Tas Cbixtea — Vauderffie. ' Spa
. ci*a xcatlses To-Day.
The San Francisco Call
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, I DECEMBER 25, 1903.
VOLUME XCV-XO. 25.BUTTE, Mont., Dec. 24.— United
States Senator W. A. Clark, following
his usual Christmas custom, to-day
distributed turkeys to every married
man employed in his vast interests
throughout Montana, Arizona, and
elsewhere. About 6000 birds were
given away. Senator Clark has a farm
in Nebraska devoted " exclusively to
raising turkeys for his employes.
Gives Turkeys to 111$ Employes.
\uthorizes a Substitution' of --Bonds.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 24. — The Sec
retary.of the Treasury authorizes the
statement that ' the Philippine land
purchase bonds may be substituted for
Government bond3 now held as secur
ity for public deposits, on. condition
that the Government bonds 1 thus re
leased be used as security for addi
tional whenever, ¦ in the
Judgmeut of the Secretary, of the
Treasury, it is desirable to stimulate
an increase In national bank- circula-
Manila Position for Postal Official.
PORTLAND. Or., Dec. 24— F. W.
Vaille, assistant superintendent of the
railway mail service of this district,
has been offered the position of direc
tor general of -the .postal ' service in
the Philippines. The appointment, if
accepted by Vaille. will take effect
early in the year. The position is one
of importance and carries with it a
salary of $6000 a year.'
Police Searches Cause a Panic.
LONDON, Dec. 25.— A Russian cor
respondent of the Times reports* a
panic among the population of Go
mel, owing to police searches and ar
rests of Jews.
The "Left-IIanded."
• One of the gravest objections to
training a child to be left-handed (as
recommended In this month's Paldolo
gist) is the certainty, that it will be
nicknamed from its peculiarity, es
pecially during the early years of its
life.' Most counties in this country
have " their idiomatic expressions to
denote left-handedness and- they are
often' prefixed to the unfortunate left
handed child's name.- In London the
term is kack-handed, the word being
also equivalent to awkward ; in Lan
cashire it is k-pawed ; in Yorkshire,
gallock-.or gawk-handed, an expres
sion dating back to at least the seven
teenth century. In Derbyshire are
used the terms keg-harided, cork
handed; while in Teesdale district
cuddy-handed is common; and in Not
tingham, wallet-handed. In the south
of England special terms to donate
left-handedness are also found. In
Dorset it is scrane-handed. In Scot
land we find gawk-handed and in the
west cawry-handed.' In Ireland a left
handed man is called' a kithogue. Not
many years ago Tim Healy used this
word in a speech in East Wicklow, in
which he said that Mr.-O'Kelly could
fight with his left . hand and had al
ready given his opponent some "kith
ogues" tl}at I would spoil his political
beauty during the contest. — London
Chronicle. ¦: ' • ' •; :^ :>
LAKEPORT. ! Dec. 24. — The Santa Fe sur
veyors who have been at work between Wll-
Uts and Bluo Lakes, In. Lake County, came to
Lakeport this morning, and went Into camp
four miles south of this place. There are sev
enteen men in the party.. . ¦. .
Fair Play in Business.
It is 1 of vast importance to the future
manhood qf this country that scorn of
unfairness should be universal. Above
all. let it be applied strenuously' to un
fairness In business. We are a com
mercial people. Our boys must go into
commerce. Our professions ' are so
mingled with commerce that it is often
SANTA ROSA. Dec. 24.— Justice of the Peace
R. -\B; . Brown of Guerneville. • charged with
murder,; was acquitted by a Jury to-nisrht. In
company with a small posse Brown started
our to arrest Patrick CHara on« night a
few weeks "ago. In a fight at a cabin O'Hara
was killed. . ¦
hard to distinguish 1 if they be profes
sions. -If we are to^wink at unscrupu
lousness in commerce then we are
doomed to become* a race of tricksters
and manhood is dead within us. — Mc-
Clure's Magazine.- • ; .
WASHINGTON, Dec. 24.— Irving
Thorpe of Vermont, who has been in
charge of the Kafit^rn division of post
office inspectors, with headquarters at
N*>w York, has been permanently ap
pointed superintendent of the city de
livery division of the Postoffice De
partment, succeeding Charles Hedges,
who was removed some months ago.
Thorpe was detailed to act in this po
sition at the time of Hedges* dismissal.
Postofllcv Employe Is Promoted.
DENVER, Colo., Dec. 24. — Miss Mary
F. Lathrop, an attorney of this city,
who has for some Ume had a Buit pend
ing for a $50,000 fee alleged to # be due
her from the George W. Clayton estate
for services in defending the will, to
day filed a brief in! the Court of Appeals
in which she makes sensational changes
against Judge. Moses Hallett <of the
Federal Court, executor ,ot- the estate.
Miss Lathrop .makes? many • specific
charges of mismanagement -of the. es
tate, claiming among other things. that
Ahe executor has paid large,. sums of
money to himself and to others without
authority from the court. , ,
. The will of George W. Clay ton gave
$2,000,000 for the establishment ,pf . a
home for dependent children. The will
was contested by his brother and sus
tained. KV-' 1^
Denver Attorney Alleges That Well-
Known Jurist Has Mismanaged
Business of Clayton Estate.
MAKES CHARGES AGAINST <
JUDGE OF FEDERAL COURT
Daniel Johnson of 16 Berry street
was held up at an early hour this
morning on Silver street near Third.
Edwin Burns was arrested for the
deed and booked at the City Prison
for assault with intent to commit rob
bery, i
Footpad Is Caught.
HAZLETON, Pa.. Dec. 24.— A strike
of 300 girls employed in the Duplan silk
mill here has resulted in a. riotous at
tack upon sixteen female strike break
ers. The affray took place -near the
City Hall." The girls employed In the
mill quit three weeks- ago and efforts
were being made to fill their places.
Sixteen ' girls were being ! escorted
through the streets. to the 'mill by the
Chief of Police and a patrolman when
200 strikers fell upon them.
' Sheriff Jacob and seven deputies who
were On guard at the mill hastened to
the scene and charged the mob. But
they were as powerless to cope with the
strikers as the two policemen. The* of
ficers did not care to draw clubs on trie
girls and the dis6rder continued nearly
an hour. " Finally the crowd" was dis
persed-and the strikers were chased to
jthelr homes. . i ; .' :
RICHMOND. Dec. 24.— The Richmond
Building Stone and Structural Iron and
Steel Works will' soon combine with a
large marble works concern of San
Francisco. The corporation, which has
been building its plant at the junction
of Oakland and EJast Side, will pur
chase "two" more blocks of ground ad-
Joining the Wilspn-Lyon Company
plant. The proposed building. 600 feet
long, will of necessity have to be length
ened.
The Santa Fe and Southern Pacific
raHroads have spur tracks run Into the
works, and these will afford connection
with the outside world. The company
has already on hand several large or
ders for rock from Wyoming.
'The 'new plant will' give work to
about 1000 people, enlarging' the popula
tion of Richmond' considerably. 'The
Richmond Belt Railroad, which is about
completed, wlll-handfe" ¦ som,e of -the
freight business of the new company.
Population of Richmond Will Be In
creased When the New Marble
and Stone Plant Opens.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 2 4. -^Minister
Quesada has received a cablegram
informing him that the Cuban Gov
ernment has formally recognized the
republic of Panama.
Cuba Recognizes Panama.
Make an Attack on the Women
Who Have Eeplaced Them in
the Silk Mills at Hazleton
Guards Patrol Strwts of Paris,
PARIS, Dec. 24. — Owing to the con
tinuance of the bakers' strike, mount
ed patrols ere circulating to-day
throughout the center of the city and
detachments of infantry are patrolling
all the suburbs. The bakers held a
meeting, but did not attempt a dem
onstration, ov.-ing to the strict police
measures. There were, however, many
petty disturbanepp, purh as smashing
the windows of bakeries. Twenty-nine
Important Decision on Labor Dispute.
ST. PAUL, Dec. 24.— The Supreme
Court to-day in deciding the labor dis
pute of W. I. Gray & Co. of Minne
apolis vs. the Building Trades Coun
cil e.t al., asserts the rights of labor
ers to strike and to induce others' to
strike and to use all means to win
their cause which are compatible with
law and order.
LARGE STONE WORKS AVILL*
EMPLOY GREAT MANY PEOPLE
The general public, we fear, is not
acquainted with, the dangers arising
from arsenic coloring matter in wall
paper. A recc«t death in Palmer.
Mass., is dlrecQy attributed, by the
medical authorities, to this cause. The
trouble which resulted so disastrously
made its appearance a year and a half
ago in what seemed to be nervous dys
pepsia. Two months of travel abroad
seemed to greatly improve the patient,
but on returning home he soon grew
worse agaln^ On account of certain
conflicting symptoms which could not
be readily accounted for, a specialist
was called ajnd gave it as his opinion
that there was arsenic poisoning in the
system. An investigation was then
made which, resulted in the discovery
of arsenic colors In the wall paper of
the fitting room. This room had been
papered shortly previous to the appear
ance of the* first symptoms. The wall
paper was. at one*' removed, but the
disease had by this time progressed so
far that it was impossible to save tha
life of the. unfortunate victim. — Scien
tific American. ' /
Dangers Frora Arsenic Coloring.
COLON, Dec. 24.— The remainder
of the marines from the cruiser Prai
rie, numbering 150, were landed to
day and went by train to Basobispo
Station, on the Panama Railroad. "
Marines Land From Prairie.
GIRL STRIKERS
CAUSE A RIOT
LONDON, Dec. ?4.— The War Office
to-day received a dispatch from Major
General Sir Charles Egerton, dated
Kerrit,- Somaliland, December 21, say-
Ing that 700 British and native troops
had surprised 2000 Dervishes at Jid
balti, thirty-eight miles east of Bad
weln.
The engagement lasted three hours.
The enemy's casualties were eighty
killed and 100 wounded. The British
loss was two men killed, four wounded
and ohe missing.
Bennington Reaches Mare Island.
VALLEJO, T>ec. 24. — Late this af
ternoon the United States gunboat
Bennington, commanded by Commo
dore Kossuth Nlles, arrived at the
navy yard and saluted Rear Admiral
McCalla's flag. This gunboat Is on its
way from Bremerton to Panama and
has stopped here for coal and sup
plies. *
British rtnd Native Troops
Surround and Engage Force
of Two Thousand Dervfshes
Printing Trades Council — President and busl
ne.«m air»nt. W;- XV. " .Copeland; vice president.
J.- R. ¦Reighley: treasurer. H. L. White; sec
retary. D. P. Powers. : The trustees will be
elected next month.
Baggage Messengers' and Transferrers* Union
No. 10,1*57 — President, D. J. Aheara; vice pres
ident, \V. Schaffer; treasurer, Charles Fohl;
financial secretary. R- Berry; recording secre
tary. Charles M. Mofflt; guide. R. Wiley; busi
ness agent. D. Costello; sergeant-at-arms, Fred
erick Weddy; trustees, C. Fchl. J. Black and
P. J. Ahearn.
Fan Fra.nciseo Lumber Clerks' Association —
President. Edward Pallas: vice president,' Alex
ander Black: secretary, T. Sheehan;» treasurer,
J. R. Montaguer pergennt-at-arms. William
Stenson; trustees. G. C. Fuller. R. Galvan, W
F. Ellis Jr.. -E. R. Ellis- and Thomas Andrews.
The various labor organizations are
devoting the principal portion of ' the
closing days of the present month .to
electing officers. The results of some of
the elections follow:
Workers' Union on Horse Goods No. 57 —
President. Frank J. McCabe; vice president.
Daniel Davey; recording secretary. D- HUrton;
Focrotary-treasurer. W. C. Storek; guard. John
Fltzsirnmons; organizer, D. Hurton: executive
boar.1 Stephen Malone. James Merllcner and
H" W McCooI; press "secretary, T>. Hurtftn;
delegates to Labor Council, W. S. Storek. D. A.
Hearn and O. B. Hull.
Gas Workers' Union N'o. 9810— President,
Jarr.es Breslin; vice president, D. Gordon;
financial secretary. H. S. Cleveland; corre
sponding secretary. J. P.ussell: guide. Joseph
Lawleee; guardian. T. Driscoll; sergeant-at
arrni. J. Hayes; .trustees. J. Nelson, C. Ellis,
\V Doran, J. Finn and D. Cameron; business
agents J. Lester. . H.-S. Cleveland. E. W.
.^tone. J. Nelson. B. Kobe and G. W. Bell; dele
gates to Labor Council. Peter Kearns, F. Platt.
and E. W. Stone; delegates to Departmental
Council. H. S. Cleveland, J. Kingston and G.
W. Bell; delegates at large, J.- M. Bartley;
William Cooney, C. Bearwald and F. Kelley.
Steam Laundry Workers' Union No. 26 —
President. Lester Greenlaw; vice president. Mrs.
L. C. Walden; secretary, MIks Hannah Maho
r.ey; treasurer. Charles B. Scully ; sergeants-at
arms. John Robertson and John Morris; trustee,
Al G. Johnson; business agent. Harry Clunle;
examining committee, Frederick Kohler Jliss
RoeJe Farro and David Roberts; financial com
mittee. Clarence Hagen, J. Flanagan and
Danirl Gorman.
Labor Organizations . Eject Mep f to
Handle Their \ Affair^ for " : the [' _..
\.lc6mlhg " t >Tear. c ; ¦-: ;¦;:'" ,'.,,'
OFFICERS ARE CHOSEN '.';,. . J.^
FOR VARIOUS UNIONS
CHICAGO, Dec. 24. — By dissolving
the incorporated organization known
as Frank}in Union No. 2, the striking
press feeders here .stole a march to
day on the Chicago Typathetae, the
association of. eipployers. The press
feeders, being incorporated, were lia
ble to-.be sued by law.
Judge Holdom recently fined the
union $1500, and damage suits are now
pending for many times this amount
on account of the strike, which is one
of the most persistent ever fought in
Chicago. If the employers could have
secured judgment "against the corpo
ration they might have been able to
seize the $4000 in the union's treasury,
or a goodly part of the sum, under the
Taffvale decision in England, which
holds incorporated unions liable for
stock damage.
As a voluntary association, the press
feeders believe they are »safe from
damage suits, except as individuals.
Steal a March on the Employers.
Striking 'Press? Feeders iii Chicago
DISf Xfciof^dR^fciS^ UNION.
• PANAMA, Dec. 24. — C. Mallet, the
; British Consul, has officially informed
I the junta he has "received a . cable
1 gram from the British Foreign Of
fice to the effect that Great Britain
formally recognizes the republic of
Panama. 1
Grants Formal Recognition to the Re
public of Panama.
BRITAIN "TAKES TARDY' ACTION.
CHiCAGOj p*e'c.",24.^-Alori2o Wesson,'
a retired rnerthant fronj'Sa'n Francisco,;
Cal., was repVrfed to th^e*p"bli'ce tj£nlght ;
as missing, and 1 as he hu^ a.-consider
able amount of 'i.money Iiilfiis.jwsspssion
relatives believe/' he hjtS£be(^'\fpully
dealt with..' fe Vtf"'- ; ~*
The "(Jallfornfan left tneiMine^tof a
relative' at! '2604 Fulton s^'^e^early in
the afternoon to go to th^Cflicago.and
Northwest'er/h Railroad station to' take
a train for Madison, Wls., where he and
his wife wereVto have spent Christmas.
Mrs. Weston, who had been shop
ping, was to have 'snet her husband at
the station, and two hours after the
appointed time she returned to the
home of her friends and the matter
was then reported to the police.
Weston arrived in this city last week.
He is 55 years old.
San Prancisfo Retired Merchant.
DisapyeaH J^{rangely r^While
¦With llife^ife iifechicago
POLICE SEARCH
FOR HUSBAND
BATTLE FOUGHT
IN SOMALILAND
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., Dec. 24.*— Letters
of a threatening character have been
received by Milton Tootle, a million
aire banker of St. Joseph for several
weeks. Various sums have been de
manded by blackmailers. In the last
letter a demand was made for $1000.
Tootle last night drove in an open
buggy, as directed, to a secluded spot
in the outskirts of the city. He was
preceded, however, by six members of
the police force and- some friends, all
heavily armed. They secreted them
selves In the brush. Two suspicious
characters were seen by the police,
but they quickly disappeared. The
blackmailers are using methods sim
ilar to those employed in the Cudahy
kidnaping case and have threatened
to spirit away the young son of
Tootle. ; '•".
Blackmailers Send Him Letters Con
taining Demand for Money.
BANKER IS THREATENED.
Will Support' Cnnal Treaty if Certain
Facts Are Presented.
.MARIETTA, Ga., Dec. 24. — In an
; interview to-day regarding .the Pan
ama canal treaty; United States Sen
ator Clay, speaking of the balloting
: on the Panama treaty now before
Congress, said that he was opposed
to making it a party question; but,
first of all," he desired all facts con-
I cefning the Panama secession to be
made public. .• ' ¦ . _ . i
. '""If the recent' developments in the
isthmus concerning ; the relations of
Panama and Colombia came as the
result of certain conditions for which
1 the United State'a is not responsible,"
[said Senator-day-,-- "sueh facts would
; justify me, in voting for the ratifica
tion of the Panama treaty. If we fail
to secure the: necessary. land by way
of the Panama route it" becomes the
sworn duty of the President to pro
ceed at once to construct the canal
by-way of the Nicaragua' "route. If
¦tbo i la*\&is administered the canal can-
SENATOR CLAY'S ATTITUDE.
Now, a theory formerly held was that
these fireflies stored! up light rn the
daytime for emission at night, as is
done by the sc -.lied luminous paint
of calcium sulphide. But it was found
that they shone as brightly as ever
after being confined for ten days in
darkness. Some that, were carried from
Cuba to Havre in the pitch-black hold
of a vessel were brilliant on their ar
rival.
A more striking disproof, however.
was afforded by a batch of larvae
hatched in the dark from eggs laid in
the dark in a piece of rotten wood, the
young Insects being kept in darkness
for the first six months of their lives.
They shone as brijllantly as any of the
other fireflies.— Philadelphia Record.
Have you ever heard of the cucujo?
If you are one of those unfortunates
who are in the habit of grumbling at
gas bills you will wish that the placo
was swarming with cucujos, so that
the gas companies might be circum
vented. The cucujo is the *.-efly of
the tropics, and it is the most brilliant
of the whole tribe of light-giving in
sects or animals. Thirty-eight of them
yield one candle power.
Photographs have been printed by
two-minute exposui-e of bromide platea
to their Illumination. People In Cuba
confine them in paper lanterns for go
ing about the country at night or for
indoor lighting. Sometimes they at
tach one of the insects to each foot
for traveling in the dark to serve as a
guide to the path; also, they use them
as ornaments for the dress and hair.
Cucujos are beetles beginning life
as grubs. Skipjacks, or springtaiK
they are sometimes called, because
when placed on their backs they jump
over with a clicking sound. •
A small species of the same family 13
found in Florida and Texas. They have
two luminous spots on the. rt thor#.x an<i
another on the abdomem. t>amp even
ings are' most favorable to the light
giving, the object of which is presum
ably to attract a mate. The young
larvae feed largely on. snails, to xrhtctt
their bite Is poicondus. The luminous
organs are developed before the insects
lrave the eggs.
Firefly Which Does Away With
the Need of Artificial
Ught.
A WONDERFUL INSECT
DISCOVERED IN CUBA
It is, supposed that all four of the men'
were 'engaged in -the'ishooting, though;
the men under arrest "were the most
persistent an^ vicious iii their 'assault..
' There was a serious shooting affray at
an early, hour) this-; morning- at the New
•York Hou^e," j&2' : Richi street; Charles
'Cai|^haTi and l Fred;Neddersen quarrel
ed w"lth;i 'James Taggert and a man
named .Slacker, -and- twelve .shots were
fired durinjr the affray that followed..
" Mrs; Lebtg, the. landlady of the house,
though not a party to the quarrel, was
sti-upk three timessby stray shots and
was sent to .thfe German Hospital, where
she lies in a>critViaf cpndltion. Nedder
sen'was snofinthe v fight shoulder and
was taken* to" the. Emergency Hospital.
His wound; is not > serious.
Detectives Freel and Regan arrested
Taggert.and' 61acker< and the prisoners
are held pgndthg . the result of the
worrian'S'Woundsj'. - v i. ' "
' Detaihfof the "fight are meager, but
it is t supposed -that the men were
drinking before-their pistol duel. It
is said, that Xaggerjt and Slacker pur
sued Callahan and Neddersen, who
ran into thei New York House for
•safety. Mrs. Lebig was trying to pre
vent trouble in her house when the
bullets aimed at the men struck her. ;
James ; Taggert and a Man
r Earned Are Behind
the^a!rs, : ;.\Yhi!e a Third. Is
.. Wounded'and'in the Hospital
Much money was found on the per
sons of the unidentified... .Tightly, sewed
in a V-elt on one foreigner was found
more than $400. Sums ranging from
J100 to $300 were found on several per
sons. All has been put in a bank.
Many victims of the wreck were
robbed of money, jewels and Christmas
presents which they were taking to
relatives and friends from Pittsburg.
Many rings were taken from the fin
ders of corpses. Robbers were on the
scene early, and before the rescuers
arrived they had secured much booty,
most of which consisted of baggage and
handbags that had been tossed about
the cars. Many Connellsville people
had been in Pittsburg buying Christ
ii'as presents, and many of these pres
ents are missing.
Superintendent Irwin of the Balti
more and Ohio declares the blame for
the wreck must be fastened on the per
sons who loaded the ties on the fiatcar.
His theory 'is that the stakes at the
Fide of the car were weak and gave
way under the tension when the car
rounded the curve. Irwin says there is
no truth in the rumor that train-wreck
ers doraik-d the train.
CONNELLPVILLE, Pa.. Dec. 24.— A
summing up of the results of last
r.iphfs wrrck of the Duquesne limited
en the Baltimore and Ohio shows that
sixty-eight persons were killed and nine
injured. All but a few of the sixty
<-I?rht bodies have been identified, and
thrse who hre still unknown will be
laid away in Hill Grove Cemetery at
Dawson Christmas morning.
Th<- identified drad: William Thorn
ley, engineer. Hazlewood, Pa.; S. G.
Hfater. assistant engineer, in charge of
< instruction, Glenwood, Pa.; J. J. Cook,
; irman. Hazlewood. Pa.; Herbert
Holmes. Emlenton. Pa.; Jesse E. Hines,
\ ¦ v. s agent. Tarboro, N. C; William
::.3 wards. Pittsburgh going to see wife
• Cumberland; Richard Duckett. Bal
timore; Edisnn Goldsmith. Connells
vi!!e. Pa.; Rev. Father Fienello, pastor
< f the Italian Catholic Church" at Con
nellpville. Pa., whose new church was
dedicated last Sunday; Charles Lang
fnrd. Confluence. Pa.; W- E. Edgerly.
Butler. Pa.; Louis Helgoth, conductor
cf the limited. Hazlewood. Pa.; John K.
Powers. South Cumberland; Charles A.
(Y»,k, no address; John Seamon, New
Ynrk: D. Murray, Pittsburg; A. G.
Protsman. no address; Charles W.
Grey. Tremon. N. J.; Charles Walter
Stewart, Stewarts Station, Pa.; T. J.
Farnam. Philadelphia, general yard
master of the Fireside Iron Works.
Glenwood. W. Va.; M. Myerowitch,
Johnstown. Pa.; William Sheedj-, Pat
erson Creek, W. Va.; Carmine M. Mich
lichie.' residence unknown; Harold D.
Morrison. Hazlewood. Pa.; Victor Viol,
Rochester. Pa.; John H. Wills. Pitts
burgh J. Wade Shupe, Mount Pleasant,
Pa.; G. J. "Winkler, Westmont. Pa.;
George F. Reim, Baltimore: Thomas
Tippler. Philadelphia; J. A. Martin,
"Western Union lineman, Connellsville,
Pa.; W. A. Kelp, Mount Pleasant, Pa.;
James Barnard. Pittsburg; H. F.
Roush. Pittsburg; B. F. Molker, Berke
ley Springs. W. Va.; M. K. Smith. Con
nellsviile. Pa., past exalted ruler of the
Connt-llsville lodge <¦; Elks: L. Charles
Keilamb. Christianla, Sweden; W. A.
Laird. Martinsburg; J. W. Kasner,
< > un:l»erjand. Md.; John Addison, New
York; Wijliam Brodie. Red Bank. N. J.;
Kobert Davidson. Philadelphia; Sylves
ter Zinkani, Chase, W. Va.; Charles E.
Keffer, Somerset. Pa.; Harry Devlin,
Lanaconing, Md.; W. A. Good, McKees
port. Pa.; C. W. Bisor, Berkeley
Springs, W. Va., and James Fox, ad
dress unknown.
SALT LAKE. Utah, Dec. 24.— Louis
Robert!, organizer for the United Mine
Workers of America, came here to
night after a strenuous experience in
Carbon County, where a strike is on
against tne Utah Fuel Company. On
Tuesday last Roberti held a meeting
at Scofield, and later boarded the train
for Colton. Armed '' employes of the
coal company arrested him on an al
leged warrant charging . vagrancy,
marched him up the railroad track to:
winter quarters, three miles away, and
held a hearing in the company's office
before a Justice of the Peace" who is
a bookkeeper for the company. The
"Justice" discharged the prisoner, after
extracting $6 from him. He was then
turned over to the company employes,
who, armed with rifles, forced him to
go to a company boarding-house, where
he was kept a prisoner all night under
guard. This 'morning he was put abbard
a train end sternly warned to leave
the county and --ver return. Roberti
will appeal to the Governor for pro
tection in an effort to 'return to the
scene of the strike.
This was one of several instances of
a similar character. Demolli. the. Ital
ian organizer for the mine workers,
was twice arrested and railroaded out
of Carbon County, it being made so
unpleasant for him that he was finally
forced to leave the State, his work be
ing tal-?n up by Roberti.
The strikers are pitching tents and
preparing ior a long siege. _ The com
pany is operating the mines at a re
duced output with non-union recruits
largely obtained with the help of the
Mormon church.
Roberti, with Attorneys Edler and
Fowler, representing the striking coal
miners, have arranged for an audience
with Governor Wells to be held on
Saturday. They will protest against
what they term the farcical administra
tion of Justice In Carbon County.
Roberti calls his treatment by the
armed' employes of the fuel company
"kidnaping" and declares that he will
bring both criminal and civil proceed
ings against his abductors.- .-,
Despite the treatment accorded them
organizers for the mine workers con
tinue to invade Carbon County' and
"Mother Jones." the famous . woman
agitator of Pennsylvania, is expected
to reach Helper within a few dayB>
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 24.— General
Reyes, special representative of Co
lombia to the United States, to-day
presented to. Secretary Hay. at ...his
house the protest he has been preparing
against the action of the United States
in recognizing the republic of Panama.
Later General Reyes said that he ex-,
pected to remain in "Washington until
he received an answer from Secretary
Hay to the note submitted to-day. This
paper, he expects, will be sent to Con
gress soon after that body convenes in
January. General Reyes said he dep
recated warlike talk and endeavored
steadily to" prevent any outbreak on the
part of the people of Colombia against
the United, States.
General Reyes sent an urgent cable
gram to President Marroquin to-day,
the first two words of which were,
"Be patient." He sends a cable to the
same effect every day, in the hope of
quieting his people, at least until his
mission here is completed.
Acting Secretary of State Loomis
received a cablegram from Snyder,
the United States Charge at Bogota,
stating that he had assumed charge
of the United States legation and that
Minister Beaupre was leaving for
home to-day.
To-day, for the first. time in, a week,
hearses carried the dead -*to? the ceme
teries In and around 'Chicago., The
hearses were vdriven by -non-union
drivers, the livery owners abandoning
the policy of pleading danger and with
holding service. Although the police
were ordered to attend funerals if
necessary, arid non-union drivers went
armed in expectation of opposition from
union pickets who besieged the under
takers* establishments, no disorder oc
curred.
The services of a union striker who
offered' to drive the- hearse at the
funeral of Detective Thomas D. Fa-rns
worth were rejected because he:refused
to take off his union button. .. Police,
both in uniform and plain clothes;
guarded the hearse. Two detectives .ac
companied the empty hearse from the
stable. Six patrolmen in uniform acted
as pallbearers.
With uniformed policemen "mounted
on the hearse and in carriages the body
of William Hartmann was taken to
Oakwood Cemetery. The strikers had
pickets in the neighborhood " of the
home, but they announced their pres-«
ence was merely for the purpose of see*
ing that no unldn men were driving the
carriages." ' ' *•''* • ¦ * . *" : . • .' > !
foreman, -sa.ys: "¦,.¦; J ¦''.•¦'•..<: f- Vv<-\' j j
;"W«t;flnd that' for several -months ir
responBible l .organizations t Mave "be^rf 1
creatlngr\disorder,Jh* : Cook'< County, de-
Btroylng 'property and defyingr'-the law.
We have /found^that ordinary eubpenag
and subpenap- duces tecum made 'forth
with' and issued'' by this court have
been evaded. l ' •' "*¦]¦¦
"It is public report that at present in
Chicago houses of worship arid houses
of mourning are . niade the scenes,- of,
disorder by men calling themselves uh- :
ion pickets, -and that the bodies, .of the
dead are desecrated. We believe that
this condition Justifies careful examina-;
tion, and we respectfully suggest that
the conditions we have recited berhade
a special. subject of inquiry bjr,the'Jan
uary Grand Jury." V ; «
CHICAGO, 24.— Scathing -critl-;
cisms of persons who have disturbed
funeral processions' in Chicago 'Cwep
made by aV^r^dfju^^wh^^i^jd^
reported to : Judge : Cliff ofd. Grand-
Jury also critic! jed i."irresppn^ible or->
sanitations" for -preltting disorder and*
defying the law.-^T&e. t report.' *>vhiih
was drawn , by Colonel James 'W.VNyej
The New York financiers of whom
Brennan demanded money cere J. P-
Morgan, John D. Rockefeller, James
Stillman and Andrew Carnegie. Of
each of these men he demanded $50,000
in his first-letters and on receiving no
replies, it is said, reduced the amount
demanded to $25,000. Among those in
Chicago on whom Brennan attempted
to levy tribute were Marshall Field, R.
T. Crane, J. Ogden Armour and G. F.
Swift. None c-f the Chicago men was
asked for more than $25,000.
CHICAGO, Dec. 24. — The source of
mysterious letters demanding large
sums of money, which for the last six
months have been received by men
high in the financial world of New
York and Chicago was to-day traced
to' Lieo R. Brennan. a commercial art
ist of Chicago. Brennan was arrested
as he was leaving the general post
offlce, where he had gone in answer to
a decoy letter. When confronted with
this evidence Brennan confessed to
having attempted to enforce a dozen
demands tot sums of from $25,000 to
$50,000 and having threatened his in
tended victims with death should they
refuse to pay. In his confession Bren
nan declared that all his attempts to
extort money had been futile, as he
had never received a dollar in answer
to the demands.
PARIS. Dec. 24.-For a time to-day
during the hearing of the Fair case a
duel was imminent between Dr. Decha
teau. a witness, and Edmund Kelly of
the American Embassy, the lawyer rep
resenting Mrs. "William K, Vanderbllt
Jr. and Mrs. Hermann Oelrlcha.
The hearing was held in the house of
Dr. Dechateau at Verrion. a villas*
near Passy-sur-Eure. the place where
the accident occurred which resulted in
the deaths of Mr. and Mrs. Fair. Dr.
Dechateau and Dr. Periquet had each
testified that Mrs. Fair had lived long
er than her husband, when Kelly In
timated that Dr. Dechateau was a
bankrupt. Dr. Dechateau was upon
his feet in an instant and demanded
satisfaction, saying his seconds would
call upon Kelly.
The place was in an uproar at once.
Friends of Kelly and Dr. Dechateau in
tervened and the challenge was with
drawn under protest.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TWO 3IE^A^E ARRESTED
BY >£6lJCE OFFICERS
Superintendent^ of Road Says
Blame for Wreck Rests on
Men Who Loaded the Flatcar
Despite Rough Treatment Ac
corded Them, Organizers Con
tinue to Work Among Miners
Undertakers Resume Business
With i Non-Union Drivers
Protected by J Peace Officers
Sends Daily Cablegrams to Bo
gota Advising Populace to
Be Patient and Peaceable
Declares That His Efforts to
Frightens the Millionaires
Were Not Rewarded by Coin
Doctor Who Testified That Mrs.
Fair Outlived Her Hnsband
Resents Covert Insinuation
FRIENDS PATCH UP PEACE
Mrs; Lebig Probably Fatally
Wounded During a Shooting
Affray in the New York
House at 322 Bitch Street
• SIXTY-EIGHT LIVES LOST
WILL APPEAL TO GOVERNOR
POLICE : HEARSES
GENERAL WANTS NO WAR
CONFESSES HIS GUILT
Seized by Utah Fuel Company
Employes, Imprisoned arid
Then Sent Out of County
Many Victims of the Pennsyl
vania Train Disaster Are Rob
bed of Money and Jewels
Colombian Representative. Pre
sents His Government's Com
plaint to State -Department
Submits a Report to Chicago
€ourt Denouncing Recent In
terference With i Funerals
Irate Witness in the Fair Case
Challenges Counsel to- Meet
Him on the Field of Honor
Man Who Attempted to Ex
tort Money From Rockefeller
and Other Financiers in Jail
UNION LEADERS
ARE KIDNAPED
DUELISTS'
BULLETS HIT
LANDLADY
THIEVES STEAL
FROM THE DEAD
GRAND JURORS
SCORE STRIKERS
HAY RECEIVES
REYES' PROTEST
POLICE CATCH
LETTER WRITER
DEMANDS DUEL
WITH LAWYER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, .1903
SAN 'JOSE. Dec. 24. — James W. Rea -has
been tendered an appointment as one. of three
delegates to the National Livestock Association
which meets Jn. Portland. Ore.. "January 11 to
15. by Governor Pardee. . Rea •. has - written
to the Governor .declining the honor, as h«
.will' be busy with the. opening of the San
Jose-Los Gatos Interurban Railway at that
Uiae. ¦ ' Y* •¦"•
Asks for a- Deficiency Appropriation.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 24.— The r,e 7
cent, activities of the. Marine 'Corps 'in
Panama and in manning, the new
naval . station at Guantanamo, Cuba,
are the reasons given by Secretary
Moody for asking Congress for an Im
mediate deficiency appropriation of
157,148 for-this service.- ' ' *
WASHINGTON, Dec. 24.— A cousin
of President Roosevelt, Miss Florence
Locke, who died in New York City on
Tuesday," was buried here to-day. The
services were held at St. Paul's Epis
copal Church. The services were at
tended by President" and Mrs. Roose
velt and other relatives. .,
Funeral of Cousin of President.
Affairs of Steel Company to Be Aired.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 24 — On ap
plication of the Investment Company
of Philadelphia Judge Johnson of the
Delaware County Court at Media, Pa.;
to-day granted an order to. show
cause why a receiver should not be
appointed for. tl)e . -Tidewater Steel
Company.' The Tidew.ater Steel Com
pany was organised in 1899 and has
an authorized capital of $2,100,000.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦}J-
Chas. Keilus & Co.
E x c I u s : I v e
tl igh-6rade C lp. t h I e r s
" ' '.* il i "*¦¦.'. 1 1 "; • "¦ ' ¦ ' . ~ '• • ' ,
fco Branch Store*. "' Ko Agents! |
The Standard of Merit
Achieved by Experience
and Strict Attention
to Men's Clothes Only
Places Us at the Head
cf Clothes Progression.
rierry Christmas to All.
K e a r n y S t r e e t
Thu r .1 ow Blocvk
Take Laxative Broma Quinine Tablets.' '. All
druggists refnnd the -money If it falls to cure.
E. W. Grove's. signature. is on each box. 25a *
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Christmas
Presents
/MUSIC ROLLS
•Iii all fa*hlonaMe leathers. £ -g {\f\
the. very latest designs and J% I II II
atyiea. aa low as * # v
, .Also a choice Hns of Leather Novelties
In "Wrist Bags. Shopping: Bags, Card Caaes.
Letter Cases. WaKets. Cigar Cases. Etc.,
«U at reasonable prices.
OPEN ALL DAY TO-DAY.
THAT MAN PITTS <
r. w. pitts.
1008 MARKET STREET,
Above Powell,
> f-P LACE YpUri"oRgEl$ EARLY
p20tli CENTURYI
1 COOK BOOK f
Another shipment will
arrive about January 21,
'"; 1904. v$M&
Im order to, satisfy the
demand for this premium
we have ordered another
carload of these books,
and all persons sending to
The Cook Book Depart-
ment of this paper a six .
months' . subscription ". to
The. Daily and Sunday
Call j may secure, one of the .
Twentieth Century Cook i
' Books at the premium . ;
i rate" of 50c. _. ...,
I"\ Out-of-town sobscribers should remit
20c. additional to prepay transportation
. c harges/< ¦> %¦ V »V^ £ \£ *-• j S*j '? '•- 1 >Wife Murderer to Suffer Death Penalty
HELENA. Mont.. Dec. 24.— L. H.
Mott. who was convicted at Missoula
of murder in the first degree for kill
ing his wife, has been. denied a new
trial by the Supreme Court. He will
be resentenced to death.
Mayor-elect Takes Oath of Office.
NEW. YORK, Dec. . 2A.—Mayor
elect Georse B. McClellan took the
o^th of office to-day. He also an
nounced two more' ' appointments —
John T. Oakley as Commissioner of
the Water Supply, Gas and Elec
tricity, and George E. Best, Commis
sioner of Bridges. Oakley and Best
are active members of. Tammany
Hall.
LONDON. Dec. 24.— A dispatch to
Reuter's Telegram Company from
Tokio says Premier Katsura and War
Minister Terauchi visited. Marquis Ito,
president of the Privy Council; and
Marquis STamagata^ chief of the Coun
cil of Field Marshals, at thf.ir villas,
two hours distant by rail from Tokio,
this morning. The meetings are be
lieved to have been connected with im
portant, developments in the Russo-
Japanese 1 situation. The Ministers re-
Japanese Interests Menaced by Rus
sian Military Pressure.
MAY SEND TROOPS TO KOREA.
SEATTLE, Wash., Dec. 24. — The
Government has changed the sailing:
orders of the United States cable-ship
Burnside, which was scheduled to sail
January 1 from this port to Manila
by way of Nagasaki, Japan, directing
that she proceed to the. Philippines by
way. of Honolulu, a fact which is con
strued as meaning that war is antic
ipated in the near future between
Japan and Russia. In this connection
it Is rumored that Russia already has
agents,- not< only -.in. San Francisco but
this city, with instructions to purchase
large quantities of supplies and forage
foruse in the Far East.
United States Cable-Ship Receives Or
ders Indicating- Prospective Hos
tilities.
PREPARATIONS FOR A WAR.
MEXICO, Mo.. Dec. 24. — Wabash
fast mail No. 14, which left Omaha
last evening for St. Louis. , collided
head-on with a northbound freight
train two mi!e3 west of Benton City,
Mo., at 5 o'clock this morning:. En
gineer Thomas Whitten of Moberly
of the freight train was killed. C. W.
Blodgett of Bussey, Iowa, and Charles
Robert Lamont of Vandusky, Mont.,
who were stealing a ride, were per
haps fatally injured. Xone of the
passengers were hurt. ; .IV-" 1
Engineer Is Killed in a Collision.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 24. — Accord
ing to a report made by Brigadier
General GeOrge H. Burton, who has
just completed a tour of inspection of
the" various branches of the National
Soldiers' Home, it was shown that dur
ing last year 33,157 old soldiers have
been cared for. The annual* per cap
ita expense of this maintenance was
$141.70, which is 1 an increase of 20 per
cent during the past three years, as
cribed to the general advance In the
cost of food products. During the past
year there were 1863^ffeaths and 35S2
first admissions, which makes the
deaths 52 per cent of the increase, a
decided increase in the death rate. •
Brigadier General Burton Reports on
the Result of His Inspection of
the National Homes.
INCREASE IN DEATH RATE
AMONG THE OLD SOLDIERS
LONDON, Dee. 24.— Diplomatic circles
In London look for several dv.ys of dull
Russo-Japanese negotiations. ¦ Japan's
• counter-proposals possibly will entail
somewhat prolonged consideration.
Meanwhile, a London Times dispatch
from Tokio says: *•
"The best informed circles In Japan
do not share the pessimism which ap
pears to prevail in London, inasmuch
as the resources of diplomacy are by no
means exhausted."
Embassador Choate, who ytsterday
attended Lord Lansdowne'B reception
at the Foreign Office, is among those
who can hardly conceive that some way
out of the difficulty cannot be found,
in order to avoid a war which "must
be disastrous to both nations and the
consequences of which upon other na
tions cannot be foreseen."
The reported 'naval and military
preparations on the part of Russia and
Japan are regarded here as ordinary
precautions which would inevitably, be
taken by the disputants in such a case,
and which have but slight bearing on
the eventual issue of the negotiations.
On the supposition that Great Brit
ain, a3 a last resort, might threaten to
forcibly interfere, the United States
London Diplomatic Circles Expect
Prolonged Negotiations.
SETTLEMENT IS FAR AWAY.
Murder Former State Councilor Bavid
ovlcs. His Wife and Daughter in
Their Home at Belgrade.
BELGRADE. Servia, Dec. 24.—for
mer State Councilor Bavidovics, his
wife and daughter were murdered to
day by three men, who broke into the
house with the intention of robbing
it. Bavidovics was the oldest and
richest citizen of Belgrade. One of
the murderers was captured.
SERVIAN BURGLARS KILL
THREE MEMBERS OF FAMILY
VICTORIA, B. C. Dec. 24. — Advices
were brought by the steamer Olympia
of Increasing reinforcements arriving
irr Manchuria from Russia. Corre
spondents at Moukden tell of the
transport of troops to the southern
borders toward the Korean frontier
at the rate of twenty to twenty-eight
railway carriages twice a day. The
total number transported toward the
beginning of Decemberwas 17,000, all
of whom had newly arrived from Eu
rope. Reinforcements which had ar
rived at Lio Yang had arbitrarily
taken up winter quarters in Chinese
temples and mercantile houses, caus
ing great indignation and considerable
suffering among the Chinese, j Orders
have also been sent to hurry the com
ing of the Russian fleet, coming from
Europe to Port Arthur, consisting of
the battle-ehlp Oslabya, cruisers Au
rora, Dimitri, Doukol and Alwaz, sev
eral destroyers and ten torpedo-boats.
Manchuvinn Stations.
Troops of ihe Czar Make Haste to
RUSSIANS »ARE ASSEMBLING.
3OULDER. Colo., D*c. 24 —C. .T. Smith.
Ijrather of the la'.e Mrs. Charles I>. Fair, and
<>r.«- at the rialWItf deputing the inheritance
¦ f the Fair estate, this morning denied th»>
rumor emanating from New York that he and
his ro-c!efmar;*« had aprvefl to wttle and <ils
rcntjrrj* the ccnte?t If ailcwed $125,000 apiece.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 24.— The
Governor General of Finland has
been empowered to summarily remove
administrative officials and school
teachers, excepting: university teach
ers, and to stop their salaries alto
gether or partly without waiting for
the conclusion of an inquiry into their
conduct. Among the officials subject
to the new powers are Mayors. Alder
men and other's in the municipal and
communal services. It is officially ex
plained that the powers granted to the
Governor General in August proved
inadequate because of the continued
agitation and obstruction of Russian
measures by officials and owing to the
fact that an inquiry of this character
often lasts six months.
Mayors. Aldermen and Others in the
Municipal and Communal Ser
vices Subject to His Orders.
GREATER POWER IS VESTED
IN GOVERNOR OF FINLAND
Fourth-class postmasters appointed:
California — James F. Mc.Varaee, Fish
rock, Mendocino County, vice A. M.
Duncan, resigned. Washington — Ase
nath Edwards, Lisabeula. King Coun
ty, vice Florence Lawrence, resigned.
r Postoffice to be discontinued Decem
ber 31: California — America. Sqnoma
County; mail goes to Santa Rosa.
Rural free delivery will be estab
lished February 1, 1904, at Porters
vine, Tulare County, Cal. .
Army orders — Captain Henry, R.
Stiles ordered from Philippines to San
Francisco to await orders: Chaplain P.
P. Carey, now at San Francisco, goes
to Fort Bayard, N\ M.. for treatment.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 24. — Postof
fices established: Washington — Ruby,
Stevens County, Emery R. Conner,
postmaster.
Postofnce name changed — Black
Mountain, San Diego County, to Lusar
di, Cal.
Postmasters commissioned: Cali
fornia — Isabel Heikell, Daulton.
Washington — Clara G. Turner, Carle
ton.
Several Minor Changes Are Made in
the Postal Service and Additional
Army Orders' Issued.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
ST. PETERSBURG. Dec. 24.— The
Russian newspapers are displaying
the liveliest Irritation at the British
press, whose anti-Russian attitude in
the present Russo-Japanese dispute
has aroused even greater, public ani
mosity'against Great Britain than ex
isted against Japan. The Japanese
Minister, M. Kurlno. has been Indis
posed as a result of a chill for some
days, and has had no interview with
Foreign Minister Lamsdorff. Xeither
the members of the Japanese legation
nor the other Japanese residents here
are Ehowirijg any sign3 of impending
departure.. .
The hopefulness in official circles
of a pacific settlement of the Russo-
Japanese dispute was reflected v to
day on the Bourse, which largely.re
covered from the nervousness which
has prevailed for several days.
Russian Animosity Aroused - by Eili
'. torial Attacks In London.
» •¦
ANGERED BY BRITISH 1 PRESS.
The United. States military attache,
John M. Beacon, similarly pointed out
that if Great Britain insisted on peace
she had "behind any such demand more
men of campaigning age who "nave b?en
under fire than any nation tn earth,
a military advantage which -doubtless
is not overlooked by any Eurooean
powers." .
"The Mediterranean fleet," paid Cap
tain Stockton, "hovering toward Japan,
is powerful. It Is around Suez, half
way. The British fleet now in the Far
East could quickly be reinforced by
part, possibly even the whole-, of the
Mediterranean fleet, whose duties would
then be taken up by the Channel squad
ron, leaving the Home squadron in
British waters. Great Britain never
had so many ships and men in com
mission as she has to-day."
naval attache. Captain Charles H.
Stockton, pointed out to press repre
sentatives to-day that Great Britain's
extraordinarily developed mobilization
at the present moment was a great fac
tor toward peace.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 2'4. — At the re
quest of the State Department, Secre
tary Moody to-day sent a cablegram
to Rear Admiral Sterling, commanding
the Philippine squadron of the Asiatic
fleet, to dispatch a warship to Chemul
po, Korea, to protect American inter
ests there.
Under Minister Conger's persistent
urging the Chinese Government has
taken another step in regard to the
final ratification of the commercial
treaty recently ratified by the Senate.
Under to-day's date Conger cables
from Peking as follows:
"The memorial for the ratification
»f the treaty has been ssnt to Tientsin,
to be signed by the Viceroy. It will
then / be returned to Peking and
promptly presented by the Prince
(Ching) to the throne for ratification."
Secretary Moody Acts Upon State De
pnrtinrnt's Request.
ORDERS WARSHIP TO KOREA.
CHICAGO, Dec. 24. — Walter L.
Etebbinss. o:i trial for manslaughter
in connection with the death of Wal
ter A. Scott, was found innocent by a
pxry to-day. Stebbings is a civil en
gineer and Scott was president of the
Illinois Wire Company. The men were
office neighbors and had been on good
terms until a trifling disagreement
arose over some plans for a wire mill.
The trouble which resulted in Scott's
death occurred August 19, 1902. The
defense was that Stebbings accidental
ly kMled Scott during a quarrel.
Jury Finds Killing Was Accidental.
YUAN SHI KAI. COMMANDER
IN CHIEF OF THE CHI
NESS FORCES.
j uuiwui.>, utri;. ~t. *\u iiiuiiiiiuuil
j has reached the Japanese legation
; here that Russia will concede Japan's
j requests. Inquiries made as to par
j ticulars of this intimation, whether it
j came from Tok'.o or St. Petersburg,
brought out nothing more than that
j a peaceful settlement is /low highly
probable. The British Government,
! it is understood from another source,
j has represented to the Czar that
Great Britain deem3 Japan's de
mands just, and earnestly desires that
Russia grant them. This repre3enta
j tlon is supported by the utterances of
i the British Emb?.ssadors here and in
J Paris and Vienna, who have informed
j the respective Governments to which
I they are accredited that Japan, in
j the oyinion of the British Govern
j ment, will fight if Russia hold to the
j position taken in her recent note,
j The Russian EmbassaQor here has
for several days been inquiring freely
what the opinions of the displomatic
corps are.
Yuan Shi Kai. the commander in
chief of the Chinese army and r.avy,
has taken steps for the rapid reorgan
ization of the Chinese army. Accord- j
ing to the Cologne Gazette's advices j
from St. Petersburg, Yuan Shi Kai !
proposes immediately to create mili
tary schools, with special training j
courses for non-commissioned of- I
fleers, and a cadet corps, a general
staff and a military academy to be
opened in 1005. .The introduction of
general military service is planned, as
well as an increase of the artillery.
Yuan Shi Kai is reported to have
advised the court, mandarins to wait
three years." until the reorganization
of the army is complete before declar
ing war on Russia.
RUSSIA MAY BACK DOW.V.
Intimation to This Effect Revives
Berlin's Hope of Peace.
BERLIN*, Dec. 24. — An intimation
turned to Tokio this afternoon.
The Japanese press is urging the im
mediate dispatch of troops to Korea,
where, it is said, Japanese Interests are
menaced by Russian military pressure
in the north and Russian intrigues at
Seoul.
The impression is growing in the best
informed circles "that the adoption of
such a policy. Is now inevitable.
object of bringing Yongampho within
the Manchurian railway zone.
BERLIN, Dec. 24. — William J. Bry
an arrived here to-day from St. Pe
tersburg. He was met by Dr. Otto
Ahrendt, a member of the Reichstag
and one of the principal advocates of
bimetallism in Germany. Bryan left
for Copenhagen to-night and will re
turn here Saturday. He will be en
tertained here privately at luncheon
by Embassador Tower. The Ameri
can Chamber of Commerce will give
Bryan ti reception Saturday evening.
His presence in Berlin has formally
been brought to the attention of Em
peror William by Baron von Rich
thofen, the Secretary of Foreign Af
fairs, and possibly an audience will
be the result.
Emperor William Is Informed of Ar
rival of Distinguished Visitor and
He May Grant an Audience.
AMERICANS IN BERLIN
ARE TO ENTERTAIN BRYAN
MEMPHIS. Term.. Dec. 25.— The
larpe department store of B. Lowen
steirt & Bros, is burning. The loss
will be heavy. At 2 o'clock the fire was
steadily raining headway, and it
seemed probable that the store would
be destroyed. The company carries
a stock approximately worth $500,000,
largely insured. The . fire started
shortly before 1 o'clock in the base
ment, where Jarge quantities of baled
and boxetl jroods were stored.
LAHGE DEPARTMENT STORE
IS FOOD FOU THE FLAMES
The signers of the petition are Mrs.
Grace Imogene Bennett, the widow,
and Mrs. Delia A. Bigelow of Water
vine, N. Y., and George A. Cable of
Yonken», N. Y.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Dec. 24.—Ap
plication for the removal cf William J.
Bryan as executor of the will of Philo
S. Bennett was made by Mrs. Bennett
and other residuary legatees in the
Probate Court to-day on the ground
that he has neglected and violated his
duties," and because his interests, per
sonally and as trustee, are inimical to
those of the legatees under the will.
In the petition Is the following para
graph r
"Said Bryan, by appealing from the
order of the court admitting said will
and by prosecuting said appeal is pre
ferring his own Interests as an Individ
ual and an an alleged trustee to his
duty as executor of said will, and puts
himself and his interests as an indi
vidual in antagonism to the legatees
under said will to their interests as
such legatees and to his duties as such
executor; and said conduct of said
Bryan is inconsistent with his retention
in office as executor under said will,
and has rendered him unfit and an un
suitable person to continue ministering
the duties and enjoying the emoluments
of said office."
Allege " That He Has Neglected and
Violated His Duties as Executor
of the Bennett Will.
RESIDUARY LEGATEES ASK
FOR REMOVAL OF BRYAN*
REDDING, Pa., Dec. 24.— All the
collieries of the Reading Company
shut down this evening and will re
main idle until January 4. The shut
down will be general throughout the
anthracite region and fully 130,000
men and boys will be out of work.
The suspension in the coal regions
will also effect a large number of rail
road men and it is probable that at
least 175,000 men will be out of em
ployment temporarily.
Fully One Hundred and Seventy-Five
Thousand 3Ien Will Be Tempo
rarily Out of Employment.
PENNSYLVANIA COLLIERIES
SHUT DOWN' FOR TEX DAYS
"This is met by Judge Baldwin with
an absolute specific and categorical de
nial, as is the charge that he was in
any w ay connected with or that h*
Ji^d ar.y knowledge of any agreement
to rz.' any moneys to Dr'grg.-'. or that
h> knew ai all of th» employment of
Drirsrs in any way by the company.
"It appears to me. therefore, that
Judge Baldwin has sufficiently met the
charges cf Improper or corrupt connec
tion with the sale of Brandt auto
matic cashiers to the PostofTieo Depart
ment and that he should be deemed
exonerated from any complicity in any
fraud or corruption which may have
existed in that business.''
"The allegation that Judge Baldwin
'appeared to have been willing to adopt
any measures that would bring about
*n order, whether such measures were
legitimate influence or illegitimate use
of money,' appears to be baseti only on
a statement of Miller in a letter of
April S, IS29. in which he said:
" "Juclsf Baldwin also says to find
cut, if pusrible. exactly what this man
Beavers wants to insure vnr success
in that department, in the «va> of dol
lars and cents, but not to give- it to him
ur.lers forced to do s»'j, and when you
do, if at all, he desires to be present
himself and plan the agreement, but
Bays it is not even time to think of
this move.*
"WASHINGTON. Dec. 21.— Jud£?
Bald "in. L'nited States Consul at Nu
remberg. Germany, has been exoner
ated by, Assistant Secretary of State
Pierce cf any connection with the plac
ing of •'Brandt-Dent cashiers' in the
Postoffice Department, as related in the
report «'f Conrad and Bonaparte in_
their investigation of irregularities in
the- Postoffice Department.
In response to a request from Secre
tary Pierce. Judjre Baldwin submitted
a full statement of his connection with
the aflfa.!'- under investigation. Refer
ring to this in his? report. Pierce says:
"Judpc Baldwin seems to have satis
factorily met all the points covering:
any improper action on his part with
the purchase by the Postofflce Depart
ment of th* 3 Brandt automatic cashiers.
He says thai, in his capacity as a law
yer, and holding no Government posi
tion, he interested himself in the busi
ress of his son-in-law, who was a local
agent of the Bmndt-Dcnt Company, to
the extent of talking v.ith Perry S.
Heath and requesting Mr. Heath- to
look :nto the matter of the Brandt au
tomatic cashier, and if he was satisfied
that the postmasters were desirous of
purchasing the machines and that the
machine was a meritorious and useful
device, at least to accept and pay for the
machines a'.ready in use and to pur
chase such others as theft might be
y^gitimate demand for."
Jud?" Baldwin says that his name
v.'as used "without the slightest war
rent" after this one effort, although he
had nothing more to do with the
cashiers. Pierce concludes:
Guthrie asked a number of questions
designed to bring out Rose's experi
ences in examining shipbuilding and
steel companies, and then cross-exam
ined him as 10 the method in which
the investigation of the Bethlehem
pjant was made.
"If anything in your testimony this
morning seemed to be an aspersion
upon the honor and integrity of the of
ficers of the Bethlehem plant, may I
ask. Mr. Rose, if it was your intention
that such an inference or charge should
!:e against them?" asked Guthrie.
"Assuredly not. That was not my in
tention, and if any such inference
should bfi drawn I should be sorry," re
plied the witness.
In regard to net earnings Rose's fig
ures showed that the earnings for the
six months ended October 31, 1903,
amounted to $1,010,662. the monthly
earnings in July having suddenly
jumped to $4f>9.160 from an average of
less than $55,000 during the preceding
two months. The value of material on
hand, as shown by inventory of July 31,
1903, was 54,879,779 higher than any pre
vious inventory in the history of the
company, and Jl, 240,000 higher than the
July. 1SO1\ inventory. By October 31,
1I'O3, the inventory value had still fur
ther increased to $4,997,530.
An increase of 55S4.234 in surplus cur
rent assets from July 31, 1902, to Octo
ber 31, 1903, was shewn, and after a
long series of other questions about fig
ures in the reports of the company and
of Rose, Untermyer relinquished the
witness.
NEW YORK. Dec. 24.— Alfred Rose,
the accountant who made the investi
gation of the financial status of the
Bethlehem Steel Company for Receiver
.Smith, resumed the stand at the ship
building hearing to-day. The construc
tion and repair accounts of Bethlehem
were the first subjects of inquiry by
Counsel Unterm:er, his object being to
find if excessive expenditures were
made under these holdings in order to
withhold dividends on the Bethlehem
Ftock held by the shipbuilding com
pany. Ros« answered that the con
struction account. $163,131, for the year
ending May 1, 1902, v.as increased ac
cording to the auditor's statements
during the following year to 5853,500.
The repairs and renewals account from
May 1. 1902, to May 1, 1903. was in excess
of 5450,000. Rose could not tell wheth
er any part of this should have been
charged properly to construction, al
though he had been informed to that
effect.
Owing to thp failure to secure coal
from the Northeastern Siberian Com
pany, the Manauerse was left helpless
when a day's run from Hakodate. Her
crew and passengers took axes and
broke up the after house, tore up the
'tween decks and broke up cases of sal
mon and the ship's fittings for fuel.
The timbers and preserved fish were
fed to the furnaces, but the steamer
was unable to make port owing to the
heavy weather. She drifted 133 miles
back to Akishi Bay, whence telegrams
were transmitted to Hakodate and coal
was sent.
Since the departure of the Olympia
cables have told of the total loss of the
steamer after stranding on the Japan
ese coast.
VICTORIA. B. C, Dec 24.— The
steamer' Olympia. which arrived to
day, brought Messrs. Harrington and
McDonough. mining * engineers and
counsel for the Northeastern Siberian
Company. The engineers tell of an in
teresting voyage of the steamer Man
aunen.se. which has since been totally
¦wrecked.
possible some time ago. '-
Wheat ((including flour) exports for
the week ending December 24 aggregate
2,335,500 bushels, against 3,363.035 bush
els last week and 3,306,486 bueh^els a
year ago.
Failures in the United States for the
five days ending with December j 23
number 243. against 239 last week and
166 in the like week in 1902. Canadian
failures for the five days ending De
cember 23 number 15. compared with 22
last week and 13 in the like week of
1902.
NEW YORK. Dec. 24.— Bradstreefs
to-morrow will say: Activity in holiday
trade, with sales equal to or in excess
of last year at most markets, quiet in
wholesale lines, aa usual at this period,
with fair reorders from jobbers and ex
ceptionally strong and active markets
for speculative dealt-in staples, notably
cotton, wheat, coffee and provisions,
are the salient features of the week.
Other points brought out are the sus
tained better feeling in iron and steel,
and exceptional ease in money at a
time when disbursement preparations
might be expected to lead to high
rates. High prices for raw textiles are
a drawback with which the cotton man.
ufacturers particularly are struggling.
Hides, leather and wool are stronger In
tone.
In industrial lines the features are
the ejiding of the Colorado coal strikes
and the gradual downward readjust
ment of wages in coal, coke and Iron
and steel to meet changed conditions
of supply and demand. The year is;
however, closing In many lines with a
rather more cheerful tone than seemed
Rates Moderate at
a Time When Disbursement
Preparations Are Looked For
Exciting Incidents on
Vessel When the Coal Gives
Out Near an Oriental Port
LONDON, Dec. 25.— The Nagasaki
correspondent of the Daily Telegraph
says that the Japanese railways have
been ordered to be prepared to trans
port 70,000 troops from the north to
the south. The correspondent says that
there are now forty warships in the
southern waters of Japan, the majority
being fully coaled and ready for any
emergency.
The Times Shanghai correspondent
says he learns on trustworthy author
ity that as a result of conflicting views
on the policy and administration of
the American and the Belgian interests
in the Hankow and Canton Railway
these interests will be separated and
the railway divided into two sections,
the Belgians to control the northern
section, and the Americans the south
ern section. The details of the nego
tiations to this end have not been dis
closed, and it is not known whether
the Chinese Government will acquiesce
in such an arrangement, which is op
posed to the terms of the Washington
contract of 1898.
The Daily Mail's Tokio correspond
ent says it is reported in Wiju that
Russia Intends to connect Antung, at
the mouth of the Yalu River, with
Liao Yang, on the railway between
Moukden and Port Arthur, with the
Accountant Rose Continues
His Testimony at the Hearing'
Before Referee Oliphant
RECORDS ARE PRESENTED
EXPLAINS SATISFACTORILY
His Connection With Brandt
Company Antedated His En
tering Government Service
FISH FOR THE FURNACES
UNUSUAL EASE IN MONEY
Bethlehem's Earnings Used Up
in Construction and Repair in
Order Co Withhold Dividends
Judge Baldwin Exonerated of
Complicity i-i the Placing of
Postoffice Cash Registers
Activity in Holiday Trade and
Strong- Demand for Staples
Are Features of the Week
Seamen and Passengers Chop
the Houses When the Ill-
Fated Manaucnsc Is Drifting
Tokio Preparing to Send Seventy Thousand Soldiers
Across Empire From North to* South---Forty
Warships Are Coaled and Ready for Emergency
FIGURES SHOW
SCHW AB'S PLOT
FRAUD CHARGE
IS DISPROVED
DECK TIMBER
A SHIP'S FUEL
MARKET'S TONE
MORE CHEERFUL
JAPANESE RAILWAYS RECEIVE ORDERS
TO MAKE READY TO TRANSPORT TROOPS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. DECEMBER 25, 1903.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Skin Diseases
Eczema, Salt Rheum. Pimples, .
Hingwonr., Itch, Ivy Poison, Acne
or other skin troubles, can be
promptly cured by
Hydrozone is endorsed by leading
physicians. It is absolutely harm-
less, yet most powerful healing
agent Hydrozone destroys para-
sites which cause these diseases.
Take no substitute and see that
every bottle bears my signature.
TrfaJ Slse. 25 Cents.
At Druggists or by mall, from
____ fC»»«l»lPt en Iho rational treat.
rHIK ,,„,.,;! nrtiwavuwni fro.-.
tf visit DR. JORDAN'S orcat4
VtiUSVm OF AHATOEiY?
d t3b i2SCAizissr.tst.£:kt:a,s.r.csi. A
*¦ Si '*"*• I -*'T«* Anwowucxl Mu--i in in t!i* \
A _<3-». v-'o'-d l»e«kne»-« »r *ay amended A
© /fe ijTl J^ec^iKo" tkeCoui i»t. ji ~ei:s. ' Q
6 *?it?A DK * <3S0AN-D'SEASES OF MEN A
w^*5^M Cotimlntieo fret ir.d tfr;rt!» pr:»a*» \
A ", I**£U Tr»«n»ent p-nosfclijr or br it'ttr. A A
V i{ f/V\\j ft*"i6n mcreiy cateira!rr.*kce. W
A K '( ICk V> t .(,. B -, k pHII.OSBrHV.fi
V * l7 li * BtnllMCE, HAILED fKEE. ( A V
X Jl II valuable book lor we j \
V DB JOCDAX 4 «>.. 10SI Market St.. 3. F. V
If vcu haven't found-o:
0
Schilling's Beet, you ar.
Schilling zxz- losing som.
money. \
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RICH MEN* ARE XOT ALL HAPPY.
Croesus, Klnjc or Lydia, Had Troubles
of Ills Own, and There Are Others.
Ctoe3us. the John D. Rockefeller
I of the kingdom of Lydia. was very
} well-to-do in worldly goods and chat-
I tels. "As rich as Croesus"* is a saying
j about 2500 years old. He had his trou-
I bles. however, and some of them were
i full grown. He was taken captive once
i *>y Cyrus and only saved himself from
• being burned alive by quoting a savins;
I of Solon the sage. He finally had to
i flee his kingdom for parts unknown.
: Many of the rich man's troubles to-
day come from high living and could
be avoided. They are brought on by
eating all kinds of rich, heavy foods
at irregular times, lack of proper ex-
ercise, undue mental strain, unnatural
stimulants, etc., and are commonly
known as indigestion, dyspepsia and
weak stomach. They are serious trou-
bles all right, but not only can they
be avoided, but can also be cured, and
that without loss of time or proper food
and nourishment.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are the
! certain relief of dyspeptics, rich and
poor alike. There is no such thing- as
stopping^their onward progress now.
A great nation has placed its stamp of
approval upon their noble work. The
thousands and thousands of cures they
have effected and the happiness result-
Ing therefrom have made their name a
household word throughout the land.
The story of Stuart's Dyspepsia
I Tablets can be told in a word. They
! actually do the work that the weak
i and wasted stomach is unable to do
and allow It to recuperate and regain
its* strength. They contain all the es-
sential properties that the gastric Juice
and»other digestive fluids do, and. they
digest the food just as a sound and well
stomach would. They relieve the stom-
ach Just as one rested and refreshed
workman relieves the one on duty that
is tired and worn, and Nature does her
own work of restoration. It 13 a simple,
natural process that a child can un-
; demand. You can eat all you want
i without fear of results. Stuart's Dys-
: pepsia Tablets are for sale by all drug-
gists at 50 cents a box. Druggists all
know better than to try to get along
without them, as the demand for them
is great and universal.
I Guaranteed Puro.
None So Gcog»
Sold EVerswfiertz
HILBKRT MKKtAXTluB CO..
Pacific Coast A cents. j
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary.
G2J> keamy «T. EatsUbted
In I«k»4 forth* tr«iraa>-nt ..f frivi.'.*
Ski'T l>w»nse*. Tin* IVx."totrnrr» whnt
nthers fa!'. Try him. ilimst-s low.
«¦«•!•*• RiiaratUectl. C'iiilnr wrile.
[ Br. J. »*. UIBBOS, Kaii Francisco, Cat.
IRHEyMATISM'fSJKl
Helpless, Physical and Financial saSsr bo Ion«or H
For information, write SAN LU'S HOT SUL-tl
FHUft SPRINGS, SAN LUIS OaiSPO. Cal SI> The Brazilians drink coffee as the Ger
mans drink "beiJr*: A great many cups are
drunk each day by the average man and
woman. The coffee is made very strong
•«'l very sweet
DESPONDENT SALOON MAN
COMMITS SUICIDE
E. H. Drews of Haywnrds Shoots Him
self Five Times Before He Fin
ishes Work of Self-Destruction.
¦ OAKLAND, Dec. 24.— E. H. Drews,
proprietor of the Louvre saloon at
Haywards, committed suicide this aft
ernoon in a rear room of his saloon
by shooting himself five times with a
pistol. Four of the bullet wounds were
in the region of the heart and the fifth
was in the abdomen. Drews' body^was
found on a lounge at 4 o'clock. A note
left by the saloon-keeper showed that
he had contemplated suicide .because
he was despondent. Drews leaves a
wife and four children. He was a na
tive of Germany and was about 40
years old. The Coroner has charge of
the case.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Dec. 24. — The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Edward Rose,
58, San Francisco,, and Etta B. Wil
son, 51. Meadvllle; Henry Speed, 43,
and Alice L. Lectere, 32, both of San
Francisco; John B. Guglass, 37, and
Effle Alt, 27, both of San Francisco;
Louis F. Gllniore, over 21, and Mabel
C. Martin, over 18, both of San Fran
cisco; Roy W. Cloud, 27, and Sophie
H. Robelt, 20, both of Redwood City;
Charles E. Sutherland, 37, Fresno,
and Mary C. Dow, 37, Oakland; Les
ter E. James, over 21. and Elizabeth
G. Serehs, over 18, both of San Fran
cisco; Andrew P. Stotts, over 21, and
Ellen Brendemahl, over IS, -both of
Dimond; Frank Gularte, 23, Oakland,
and Anna Gularte, 23", Haywards;
Robert Olsen, 35, Oakland, and Min
nie Breuss, 32, Germantown;- Freder
ick D. Love, 56, San Francisco, and
Mary Fenton, 30, Portland; Waller
F. Vance, 23, and Emma J. Hasklns,
22, both of Oakland; Frank F. Rob
erts, over 21, % and Mamie C. Galvin,
over 18, both of San Leandro; Albert
W. Olsen, over 21, and Mattle J. Phar-
Is, over 18, both of Oakland.
OAKLAND, Dec. 24.-*Weddlngs have
not been very numerous this month,
but' there are a number of young peo
ple , who have decided to link their
lives together during the Christmas
season.
Colonel L. P. Crane and Miss Hattie
J. Elliott were wedded last weekend
are now on their honeymoon. They will
be at home to their friends at 529 Nine
teenth street after January 1. Colonel
Crane has been connected with the ad
vancement of California for a number
of years,, at' first in Los Angeles and
later In the bay district. He is now a
member of the International Realty
Company and is connected with the Pa
cific Coast Petroleum Miners' Ex
change. Mrs. Crane has been historian
of the Woman's Press Club for a num
ber of years, and has been prominently
connected with educational work In
this State.
The wedding of W. E. Watkins and
Miss Hattie English took place last
week at the residence of. ' the bride's
parents, 549 Valencia street, San Fran
cisco, and after the holidays the young
couple will take up their residence In
this city. The wedding ivas quiet, Miss
Edna Watkins, a sister of the groom,
acting as bridesmaid, and Ward Las
celles acting" as groomsman. Both - of
the young people are well known on
this side. of the bay. Mr. Watkins was
for many years connected with the
Oakland Transit Company and the Car
men's Benevolent and Protective Asso
ciation, and is very popular on this side
of the bay.
* • •
Mr. and Mrs. Robert H. McMillan
have returned to their Alameda home
after their wedding trip and have taken
up their residence at 2111 Alameda ave
nue. The young couple are very popu
lar In Alameda,' the groom being a
member of the firm of Transue & Mc-
Millan of Alameda. The bride was Miss
Jessie M. Bayies of Alameda. The.hon
eymoon was spent at Monterey. ¦
A honeymoon upon the high seas is
the lot that fell to Captain and Mrs.
Arthur G. Smith of Berkeley. Captain
Smith is the master of a sailing vessel,
and after. the ceremony was performed
at San Pedro, in this State, they board
ed the vessel and sailed away over the
Pacific Ocean.. The bride, who was Miss
Laura Pearl Spencer • of Berkeley, Is
well known in the college town. She
graduated from the Berkeley High
School and is the granddaughter of
Mrs. LI A. Spencer of Berkeley.'
Miss Irene O. Still, the daughter of
i William E. Still, owner of the Liver
more Echo, was married last Tuesday
to' William G. Sinclair, a well-known
and popular member of the . Oakland
Wheelmen. The" ceremony was per
formed by the Rev. E. R. ©ille in his
study at -the First Methodist Church,
Fourteenth and Clay streets. 1
Lots of Presidential timber will go
by the board., x
The honesty of lots of men has
never been tested.
FOUR YOUNG WOMEN WHO
BECAME BRIDES IN THE
YULETIDE.
MAJOR GEORGE W. ALBRIGHT
LAID IN THE GRAVE
CARMEX WILL GIVE 1
BALL IX FEBRTTART3
Friends Pay Last Respects to 3Iem
ory of Weil-Known Officer of
Quartermaster's Department.
OAKLAND, Dec. 24. — The funeral
of Major George W. Albright, who
died yesterday at his residence in
Fruitvale, took place at 2 o'clock this
afternoon from the family home, 1251
Twenty-seventh avenue. Th- jorvices
were conducted by the Rev. William
Carson Shaw, rector of the Church of
the Advent of East Oakland, of which
Major Albright was a member.
The pallbearers were J. P. Meehan,
A. Z. White, and four representatives
from the Quartermaster's Department
of the United States army, with which
the deceased was connected. The in
terment was at Mountain View.
Committee of Arrangements Has So*
cured Maple Hall for Next Social
Session of Organization.
OAKLAND, Dec. 24. — The Carmen'*
Social and Benevolent Society had
completed plans for a ball, to be given
at Maple Hall, on Fourteenth aruj
Franklin streets, on Thursday evening^
February 11.
The members of the general ar-i
rangements committee are:
E. B. Booth, chairman; G. Bacon,
William Watkins, George Crane and
S. A. Swanson.
The Street Metal Workers' Union
entertained the members of the
Plumbers' Union at a smoker last
night at Kohler and Chase Hall. An
enjoyable programme was rendered.
Boy Has Heavy Fall.
OAKLAND, Dec. 24. — Willie Kuhl,
14 years old, a cash boy at Talf & Pen
noyer's, was seriously injured this
evening while engaged in a friendly
scuffle with Joe Belagno, another cash
boj% who lives at 1371 Thirteenth
street. The ' boys were skylarking in
the basement of the store when Kuhl
was thrown, his head striking heavily
on the cement pavement. The boy was
removed to East Bay Sanitarium. Dr.
Carl Krone said he could not tell until
to-morrow whether Kuhl'8 skull was
fractured. Kuhl lives at Fifth and
Fallen streets.
WATER COMPANY WTLL
PREPARE STATEMENT
President Dingee Gives Promise ot
Aid to Council in Fixing Rates / V
for Next Fiscal Year.
OAKLAND, Dec. 24. — Councilman
Cuvelller has stated that at a recent
conference with President Dingee of
the Contra Costa Water Company he
succeeded in getting President Dingee
to promise that the company would
furnish an explicit statement of its
finances for the guidance of the City
Council in fixing the next fiscal year's
water rates.
The Councilman also said that he
would soon conifer with representa
tives of the water company in order
to give them an idea of what the
Council wants in the way of a state
ment.
High School Aegis Is Out.
OAKLAND, Dec. 24. — The Clas3
Aegis, a semi-annua/ paper, pub
lished by the graduating class of th<
Oakland High School, was issued thij
week and it is a tasty little booklet
containing engravings of the class and
the school athletic teams and fraternal
organizations.
Charged With Petty Larceny.
OAKLAND. Pec. 24. — Joseph D
Lake was arrested this morning: on a
charge of pett* larceny. The com
plaint was swern to by H. K. Sno\^/
agent of the Villcox & Gibba Sewing
Machine Company, who alleges thai
Lake collected $3^ from a customer it
Alameda. aftir he had left Uae em
ploy of the company.
Many of the associates and former
students paid their last respects to
day to Professor Felicien Victor Paget,
late emeritus professor of Romanic lan
guages at the university, whose fu
neral was held, at 2 o'clock this after
noon' from the late residence, 2727
Dwight way.. They had gathered
around his bier, to look once more upon
the face of the revered old man who
had devoted .his life to the art of teach
ing and inspired them in their days of
study and struggle. There were be
sides hosts of friends of the French
colony, M'ho had become intimate with
him during his twenty odd years of
residence In California.
The services were very simple, con
sisting merely of a brief funeral ser
mon by the Rev. Joseph Worcester, a
friend of the family and pastor of the
Swedenborgian church of San Fran
cisco. It was rendered more sad by
the serious illness of Madame Paget,
who was unable to bear up under her
bereavement.
The pallbearers were four members
of the university faculty who wel
comed Professor Paget to the univer
sity when he began to teach in it six
teen years ago. They were Professor
Irving Stringham of the mathematical
department. Professor William Carey
Jones of the department of jurispru
dence, Professor Frederick Slate of the
physics department and Professor Gus
tave Faucheux of the French depart
ment.
The interment was private, . the re
mains having been taken to Oakland
for cremation.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Dec. 24.
That part of the estate situated in
this State is valued at $141,741 25.
The property goes to an only daugh
ter and her children.
The final account of Charles D. Al
len in the matter of the foreclosure
proceedings of Thomas H. Varney et
al. vs. Frank Garcia et al. was approv
ed to-day. Garcia was once reputed
to be wealthy, but lost everything and
mortgages aggregating $200,000, cov
ering a large amount of realty, have
been foreclosed.
OAKLAND, Dec. 24. — The final ac
counting of the Erastus Bartlett es
tate was confirmed to-day by Judge
Hall. The estate is valued at $500,
000 and is situated in seven different
States from California to Maine.
Bartlett died in 1902 and the Judge
took occasion to compliment Richard
Ayer, the executor, for the diligence
displayed in the closing up of # so large
an estate in so short a time.
Erastus Bartlett and Frank Garcia
Properties, Both of Great Value,
. Go Into Other Hands.
The children of the First Congrega
tional Church held their Christmas
tree party last night in the church.
After a short programme the chil
dren were treated to refreshments
and presents. -
The" members. of the First Presby
terian Sunday-school not only re
ceived gifts at their annual Christmas
tree last night, but remembered many
not so fortunate as themselves. The
chil'dren all \ brought presents, that
will be sent to the San Anselmo Or
plian Asylum for distribution among
the children.
The teachers and pupils of the Sun
day-school of the Westminster Pres
byterian Church had a Christmas
party last night In Fraternity ; Hall.
The phigramme was ' contributed by
Miss Maud Gerrior. Mrs. Gerrior, Miss
Edith Palmer, Miss Brown, Walter
Palmer and Miss Lena Stewart.
. The Sabbath School of the \ Park
Congregational Church held a Christ
mas party at Lorin Hall last night.
Twenty-five children were presented
with presents.
This afternoon the Catholic Ladies'
Aid Society, the Alameda Women's
Charitable Association, the German La
dies' Relief Society and the Oakland
Lodge of Elks distributed many dinners
and boxes of good things among the
deserving needy of the city.. !
BERKELEY, Dec. 24.— St. Mark's
Episcopal Church will hold three ser
vices on Christmas morning. The first
will .'be, at 6 o'clock, when communion
will be given, with music by. the choir.
At 8 o'clock another communion service
will be given, but without music. The
regular service- will be held at 11:10
o'clock. The choir will sing "Sing and
Rejoice" (Barnby) and "Sanctus"
(Gounod), Whitney Palache being the
soloist. Communion service by Eyre.
The only service at St. Matthew's
Episcopal Qhurch will be held at 10
o'clock, when the Rew John Gasso
way will officiate at a communion ser
vice." ¦ Miss- Resch-Petterson will sing.
•The services at St. Joseph's Roman
Catholic Church, will begin with the
celebration of mass at 5 o'clock, to be
followed by masses at 6 o'clock, 7
o'clock, 8:30 o'clock, 9:30 o'clock and
10:45 o'clock. The Rev. Father Mi
chael O'Riordan will be the celebrant.
The young people of Trinity '51. E.
Church enjoyed themselves with a
Christmas tree in Stiles Hall last
night." Mother "Goose and "A Peep
Into Santa Claus' Land" served to
amuse them for several hours, and
then presents were distributed to all.
Miss Grace Piatt was the Mother
Goose. ¦: . ,
At the German Lutheran Church, on
Haight avenue, there will be a Christ
mas tree to-morrow afternoon, to which
the little folk of the city and their
parents as well have been invited.
Children of the First Congregational
Church will receive a visit from Santa
Claus in the church parlors next Mon
day evening. ... \
' Processional hymn. "O Come- All -Y« Faith
ful";- "Adeste Fideles": "Venite" (Henry
Smart); Te Deum in D (A. E. Fisher): "Ju
bilate" in D (Garrett); "Credo" in E flat
(Cruickshank) ; anthem, "Blessed Be the Lord
God" (J. Barnby): Kyrie, "Gloria Tibi"
(Cruikshank): hymn, "Ansels From the
Realms of Glory"; tenor polo, ¦ "Cantique de
Noel" (Noel); Sanctus, "Gloria In Excelsis"
(Cruickshank); "Nunc DimitUs" (Loyd); rt
trocesslonal hvmn, "Hark! the Herald Anpels
Sing" (Mendelssohn). Uda Waldrop, organist
and choirmaster.
Vivi" (Verdi): "Tantum Ergo" ;
"Laudate Domlnum" (Gregorian)..
Composing thec hoir are: Sopranos,
Miss Rebecca Rich, Mrs. E. T. M. Eck
ert, Mrs. M. A. Campbell, Miss Tottie
Jones, Miss Rae Fowler and* Miss L.
Bannerman; altoa, Mrs. B. Young, Miss
A. Wilson and Miss Sophie Koordt;
tenors, W. W. Goggin, Arthur Gale and
J. B. Didier; bassos, E. T. M. Eckert,
A. de Bernardi, G. A. Hagy, B. Burrell
and Ralph Elster; director, E. T. M.
Eckert; organist, D.A.Dickie.
Services will be held at Christ Epis
copal Church to-morrow morning, be
ginning at 10:30 o'clock, when the'fol
lowing programme will be given: 1-
FINAL ACCOUNTING IN
LARGE ESTATES APPROVED
Funeral Services for the Late
* Professor Felicien Paget Are
Held at the Family Residence
REVERED MAN
BORNE TO REST
Rev. O. St. John Scott, rector of St.
Andrew's Protestant Episcopal Church,
at Twelfth and Magnolia streets, will
hold Christmas services to-morrow in
the following order. At 7:45 a, m.,
celebration of the Holy Eucharist, at
11 a. m., prayer and sermon
fey the rector, the subject of which will
be "Joy of Ansels."
In connection with the Christmas
sen-ices at the Church of the Advent
in East Oakland a special programme
of music will be rendered by tbe church
choir.
Special Christmas services will,, be
held at St Paul's English Evangelical
Lutheran Church to-morrow morning.
The subject of tbe Rev, W« "A. Larson's
Hymn, "Adeste Fideles": introlt, psalm Xo.
8; "Kyrie Eleison" (Hall); sequence, "Behold,
I Bring You Good Tidings" (Goss); hymn, "It
Came Upon the Mid-night Clear": offertory an
them. "Gloria in Excels!*," from Mozart's
"Twelfth Mass": hstnn. "O Saving Victim";
hymn, "Angela From the Realm of Glory."
The rauRlc of the communion service Is fay
Eir John 6ta4ner. *
At St." John's Church holy communion
will be celebrated at 7 and 8 o'clock,
and at 10 o'clock the high celebration
will take olace, with full choral and
sermon. Following is the musical pro
gramme:
The other masses will be at 6, 8 and
8 a." m., and the solemn high mass will
be at 10:30 a. m. The music at the
mass will be under the direction of
Professor Adolf Gregory. It will be
Weber's Mass in G, rendered by an
augmented chorus, with organ and or
chestral accompaniment. The offertory
will be "Adeste Fideles." Benediction
will follow immediately after mass, at
which will be sung *'O Salutaris," by
Mozart; "Tantum Ergo," by Schoepf.
and Haydn's grand "Laudate Dorai
rum."
The celebrant will be Rev. Dr. Can
tHlon; deacon. Rev. Dr. Morrison; sub
deacon, Rev. Mr. Bell. S. G.; master of
ceremonies. Rev. Dr. Lyraan. Rev. Dr.
F. Morrisc-n will preach.
The soloists of mass will be Miss
Frances Shean, Miss Belle King, Miss
Alice Gregory, Miss Laura Canty, Mrs.
M. Morin. Louis Spuller, Charles Laru
and Professor Gregory. The orchestral
accompaniment will be rendered by the
Oakland Conservatory Orchestra. Vio
lins—Mr. Dieferdorf, Dr. Schwartz, Giss
Canning, Miss Mover, Mr. Miles, Miss
Appeldorn, Mr. McGanniss, Miss L.
Shean: clarionet. Howard Baxter Se
piro; cornets. Miss Johnson and .Mr.
Taylor; trombone. Mr. Carlisle. Mrs.
Adolf Gregory will be organist. There
will be r.o evening service.
Services at St. Columba's Church,
Golden Gate, will include a solemn high
mass at 10:20 o'clock In the morning
and masses at 7 and 9 o'clock. A large
ly augmented choir has been secured,
which, under' the leadership of Miss
Matthews, will" sing, at the high mass.
Rev. W. P. Sullivan of San Francisco
will assist the pastor. Father Heslin, in
the services during the holidays.
Following is the programme of spe
cial Christmas music to be rendered to
morrow at SL Paul's Episcopal Church,
at Fourteenth and Harrison streets:
Prelude "Adagio" and "Moderato" from
Sonata inE minor dlhelEbergror) : processional.
"Hark, the Herald Ancels : -Pins" (Mendels
*ohn): "\Vnite" (Turle); -"Gloria Patrl
<Turl»)- "T« D»um." in B flat (Stanford):
"JubilAte " in F (Tourt) ; imrolt. "O Little
Town of Bethlfhcm" (Rwiner); "Kyrie" (Men
delssohn); "Gloria Tibi" (Flckenscher); an
them "Nazareth" (Gounod), the eolo by Low
»JI iiedfleld: offertory. "Worship Christ, the
New-Bom King" (Hammond). Mrs. Carrie
Brown Dexter:- "Ranctu*" • mckenscher) :
"Agnus Dei" fToury): "Gloria in -ExeelsU, '¦
old chant; retrocession*!. "Angels'* from the
Realms of Glory" (Smart): Tostfuaev "Toc
cata." from Sjmphonie No. 1 (Wldor). • e ¦
Christmas services will be held at
Trinity Church, Twenty-ninth . street
and Telegraph avenue. Holy; commu
nion at 7:80 a- m.; morning prayer, ser
mon and holy communion at 11 o'clock.
The programme of music is as follows:
» Processional, "Hark, the Herald Angel* Sing"
fMendtlEsohn) : Venite in F (Danks): Te Deum
in G (DanUs); Jubilate in G (Danks): Introlt,
"O Little Town of Bethlehem" (Hawley);
hymn. "It Came . Upon the Midnight Clear"'
<WllHs): offertory. "The Birthday of a. King"
NelJlinRer): communion hymn. "Bread ol the
World" (Hodge*): recessional. "Angels, from
the Realms of Glory" (Reffent Square).
The Christmas prorramme will be repeated
on the Sunday after Christmas.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Dec. 24.
With a complete suspension of busi
ness, with feasting and merry-making
for old and young, with sacred ser
vices in the churches and with gen
erous outpouring of the fortunate to
those in need, thus does Oakland pur
pose to celebrate to-morrow the
greatest festival of the Christian
world.
Postmaster Thomas T. Dargie has
ordered one delivery of malls to-mor
row morning, ?.nd the general deliv
ery office at the postoffice will be
oj>en until 10 a. m.
In the Catholic and Episcopal
churches elaborate services will be
held in observance of Christmas day.
The first mass at St. Mary's will be
Bung at 5 o'clock in the morning.
Christmas songs will be given by the
choir of St. Mary's School, under the
leadership of Mrs. Adolf Gregory.
Members of Both Berkeley and
Alameda Congregations Will
Hold Interesting Services
DINNERS FOR THE HUNGRY
Special Musical Programmes
to Be Rendered at Many
of the Honses of Worship
Jealousy and a quarrel over money
are the causes which led to the shoot
ing early this morning of Louis Gratia
no, who was fatally wounded by bullet*
fired from ambush near his home at 4160
Glen avenue. An hour after the report
of the shooting: wa« received at police
headquarters Captain ef Police W. J
Petersen had arrested Louis Oreo, the
accused ambuscader, at M. Bertola'a
house. Forty-seventh street and Tele
graph avenue. Gratiano identified
Oreo at the Fabiola Hospital and de
clared that Oreo was the man who had
shot him.
As soon as the police knew of th«
affair Captain Petersen sent Detectivq
Kyte to Fabiola Hospital, where Gra
tiano had been taken. The wounded
man made a dying statement, and
charged Oreo, his former boarder, with
the crime. A few minutes later Peter-.
sen, with Kyte and Policeman George
Ely, were on the trail of Oreo and
quickly traced him to Bertola'a.
Despite the positive identification by)
Gratiano, the arrested man denies thaft
he fired the. shots which probably will
end Gratiano's life. The wounded man's
statement was corroborated by his son,
11 years old, who was with his father
when the shooting occurred, and de
clares he saw Oreo step from behind
a tree and fire two shots, both of which
wounded the elder man.
Gratiano and Oreo are Italian labor
ers. Oreo is unmarried and had been
a boarder at the other's home for sorao
time. Last night there was a quarrel
between the two. Gratiano told his
roomer that he intended to move soon
to a new house and that Oreo would
have to find another boarding place.
According to the prisoner in his state
ment to the police. Mrs. Gratiano was
the first to advise him of the proposed
change of residence. He went to the
husband and demanded payment of 54S
he claimed Gratiano had borrowed.
Thereat, claimed Oreo, he was attacked
and stabbed by his landlord several
times in the head. After the alleged
quarrel Oreo declared Gratiano and hi3
son left the house.
Oreo said he also left, but returned
later with his father and got his effect3,
taking them to his father's residence
in Alden. After that he went to Ber
tola's, where he was arrested.
Gratiano and his son went out after
the quarrel to find a policeman, they
claimed. It was while they were cross
ing the corner of Forty-first street and
Broadway that the shooting occurred.
"I did not stab Oreo." said Gratiano
in his dying statement. "He hurt his
head by falling. My son and I saw
Oreo step out from behind a tree and
shoot me twice."
Oreo is 24 years old and the wounded
man is thirteen years older. Dr. Der
rick, who attended Gratiano, found
that one pistol bullet >had severe*} 'the
windpipe and the other had passed
through the right lung.
Friends of Gratiano say he suspected
Oreo was trying to pay attention to
Mrs. Gratiano, and that this was the
reason the boarder had been ordered
to leave the house.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Dec. 24.
sermon will be: "Behold I bring' you
good tidings of great joy."
The Rev. Dr. Carlsen of Haywards
will conduct a Scandinavian Lutheran
Christmas service at the Y. M. C. A.'
hall, corner of Twelfth and Clay streets,
at 7:20 o'clock to-morrow evening.
Needy families will receive many
gifts from organizations of the various
churches of this city, which will help
to brighten the Christmas season. The
King's Daughters of the First Presby
terian Church sent out more than fifty
boxes of Christmas provisions. The
members of the First Methodist Church
and the Eighth Avenue Methodist
Church have prepared a number of
boxes of gifts for the inmates of the
Fred" Finch Orphanage. " The children
of the Eighth Avenue Church gave an
entertainment last night for the benefit
of the little ones at the orphanage.
More than 400 boxes of Christmas
provisions were distributed to poor
families throughout' the city to-day by
the Oakland Lodge e-f Elks. The distri- i
bution was under the supervision of
Clay Hawbaker, assisted by a number
of volunteers from the lodge. Through
the generosity of the organization at
least 1600 people, who would have
otherwise been denied a share of the
good things of the season, will be as
sured «f a merry Christmas.
The Salvation Army has sent out
more that 150 complete dinners to poor
families of the city, and in addition
they will provide a Christmas tree for
poor children at the army headquarters
next Saturday evening. Each of the
children attending will be presented
with candy, nilts and toys.
On Christmas day the Volunteers of
America will serve a dinner to the poor
at the headquarters on Eighth street
and Broadway.
The "music for Sunday morning at
St. Paul's Episcopal Church, Four
teenth and Harrison streets, w ill be the
same as on Christmas except that the
offertory will be sung by Miss Louise
E. Feldhein. Following Is the pro
gramme:
Sunday eveninsr — Prelude. "Chorale" (Klrn
berg«r); processional. "While Shepherds
Watched Their Flock by Night" (Tansur);
"Gloria Patri" In P (Lloyd); "Magnificat" .in
F (Uoyd): "Xiino DImlUis" In F (Lloyd); of
fertory. "Bethlehem" (Coombs), Miss Eugenia
Knbar.k; anthem. "Calm on the Llst'nlng Ear
of Niunt (Parker), the solo by Miss Eubank;
barytone solo, Lowell Redfield; cantata,
"ChrlsimaB Eve" (Gade), the 6olos by Miss
Loujse E." Feldheim; retrocewional, "It Cam*
tTjMjn the Midnlsht Clear" (Willis): postlude,
"March P.rntiflcele" (Trombelle). -Jllns -.Wini
fred June Morgan ¦will play violin obllgatos to
the solo* of Miss Eubank and Mr. liedtleid.
Organist, Arthur FJckenscher; dirtctor, .Edwin
Dunbar Crancall."
. The"Chr.istmas: services of the First
English Lutheran Church will be held
Sunday morning and evening. Follow
ing is the programme of the services:
Morning — Orsan prelude, ."Procession of
Nuns" (Oesten); chorus, "Break Forth Into
Joy" (Simper): psalm (selected), "Gloria
Patrl"; contralto solo, "The Night of Bethle
hem" (Buck), Miss Bertha Marvin; Scripture
reading; anthem. "The People That Walked
In Darkness" (Ro*en»); hymn No. 110, "Joy
to the World": prayer; anthem, "Behold I
Bring Tou Good Tidings". (Simper); Christ
mas.sermon; prayer. Lord's Prayer (chanted):
offerings organ voluntary. "Prayer." opus 81,
No. tt (Von Win); soprano solo, "Rejoice
Greatly." "Messiah" (Handel), Miss Clara
Diana Stacy; hymn No. 233, "Come "Hither,
Ye Faithful"; benediction and triple amen;
silent prayer; organ postlude, "March Trione
phale" (Strelezki).
Evening: Part 1 — Organ prelude, "Norwe
gian Shepherd Song" (Oesten); hymn No. 229,
"Hark! What Mean These Holy Voices?"
psalm 100. pastor and congregation; "Gloria
Patrl" In D major; hymn No. 231, "Hark! the
Notes of Joy"; prayer; hymn No. 232, "Calm
on the Listening Ear": Christmas sermon;
prayer. Lord's Prayer chanted; offerings; organ
voluntary. "Andante" :. (Herzog); trio, ."Lift
Thine Eyes." from "Elijah" (Mendelssohn),
Mrs. Clara Diana Stacy, Miss Bertha Marvin,
Mrs. John C. Walling. Part 2— A Christmas
cantata, "The Word Made Flesh," music by
Thomas G. Shepherd, (text and narrative-se
lected from the Holy Scriptures), solos by Mrs.
Clara Diana Stacy (soprano). Miss Bertha Mar
vin (alto), Bradford Peck (tenor), O. J. WiJ
liams (bass) ; : benediction, triple amen, silent
prayer: organ postlude, "Une Fete a Trianore"
(Roubier).
ALAMEDA. Dec. 24.— Five masses
will be celebrated at St. Joseph's
Church Christmas day, commencing at
5 o'clock. - There will be one every hour
until 9 o'clock, and^ the last mass,
which will be a sofemn' 1 high mass, will
start at 10:20 o'clock and wJII tte-sung
by an augmented choir. Following -is*
the musical programme:
"Kyrie Eleison" (Marzo's First Maw);
"Gloria in Excelsis" (Mario's First, ilatg)'
"Venl Creator" (La Hache)- "Credo" (Marsu's'
First Um); "Ad Regem Pastorum" (Gounod)
"fcanctu*" (Marzo's First Ma«is);'."Bene<lietui;"
• (Gounod's- Mass): "Agnus IW" (Marzo's First
Mase); "Adeste Fidelew" (Thomas); "Jeeu Dei
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 24.
Charles Cramer, a follower of the
races, was arrested at Emeryville this
afternoon by Marshal Lane for bother
ing women in the neighborhood of the
racetrack and he is believed to be
"Jack the Hugger," who has been
frightening the belles of Berkeley by
squeezing their waiBts.
The statement made by Marshal Lane
and Recorder Coburn of Emeryville is
tcf the effect that Cramer has been
identified by Mrs. Rossler of that place
as the man who entered her home yes
terday unannounced and demanded
money of her. She is a sufferer from
paralysis and was unable to move from
her chair. She, however, observed
Cramer closely and identified him to
day as the man who came to her house.
He did not trouble her after finding
out that she was ill.
Lane states that women' along the
road between Emeryville and Oakland
have been making complaints and from
the description given of him he was en
abled' to arrest Cramer. He says
Cramer came here from St. Louis. A
charge of vagrancy was placed against
him to hold him for a while and in
the. meantime the ladies of Berkeley
who have been molested will be inter
viewed with the idea of finding out
whether Cramer is responsible for the
disturbances in the college town.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 24.— Six months for
brutally beating his young wife ami
three months more for failing: to pro
vide for his three little children were
the sentences Imposed on George T.
Sousa by Justice of the Peace F. S.
Cone this afternoon. The defendant
pleaded guilty to the first chargre and
was found gruilty of the second accusa
tion by the court.
Sousa's spouse, who confessed to but
20 years and who said that she was
married when 16, was barely able to
take the stand because of the unmerci
ful beatings administered to her during
the last four weeks by her inhuman
husband. She related how Sousa had
refused to furnish food or clothing for
herself and children and stated that
when she begged a dollar from a kind
neighbor, Mrs. Annie Lawrence, with
which to purchase medicine for her
sick baby, her husband knocked her
down and took the coin from her. She
further testified that Sousa had threat
ened her life and that she had fled
from her home, on Jackson street, clad
only in a night dress, to her father's
residence, on Bay Farm Island, to es
cape punishment by Sousa. According
to his wife's testimony, Sousa had pro
vided her and their three children with
one head of cabbage in four weeks, and
that was the extent of his generosity.
Sousa did not deny thrashing his wife
repeatedly, but asserted that he did so
because she made bread that he couM
not bite. When he remarked to Justice
Cone that he wa3 sorry that he had not
beaten his wife more often, the magis
trate remarked: "Well, I will give you
the limit of six months and regret that
I cannot make it longer."
CHURCHES WILL
BE THRONGED
Police Believe Him to Be Person
Who Has Put His Arm Around
Belles of the College Town
Defendant Says He Thrashed
His Helpmeet Because She
Made Bread Hard to Chew-
3Inrderons Assanlt From Am
bush Follows Closely Upon
Quarrel Between the Two Men
SON CORROBORATES SIRE
EXPRESSES NO REGKET
OLD LADY IDENTIFIES HIM
Charles Cramer, a Husky Va
grant, Is Arrested at Emery
ville for Frightening AVomen
George Sousa, Self-Confessed
Wife-Beater, Is Given Limit
by Justice of the Peace Cone
Gratiano in a Dyin? Statment
Charges the Prisoner With
Tiring the Fatal Shots
THIS MAN MAY
BE THE HUGGER
ACCUSES OREO
OF THE CRIME
CRUEL HUSBAND
GETS SENTENCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL/FRIDAY. DECEMBER 25, ,1903.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
Though the Early Part of December Was Characterized
by Dearth of Marriages, Christmas Time Will Add
a Large Number .of Weddings to the Record
YULETIDE SEASON BRINGS MANY
ALAMEDA COUNTY COUPLES TO ALTAR
4
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1063.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Eagle 502.
t PLACE YOUR OR)EiS EARLY 1 \
|T K 20tli CENTURY!
1 COOK BOOK "
Another shipment 'will
arrive about January 21,
1004.
. In order to satisfy the
demand for tins premium
we have , ordered another
carload of these books,
and all persons sending to
The Cook Book Depart- ;
nient of this paper a six
niontlis' subscription to
The Daily and Sunday
Call may secure one of the
Twentieth Century Cook «
Books at the premium
rate of 50c. \
| Oui-otfown subscribers should remit
122c additional to prepay transportation
charge*.Thomas F. Walsh, the Colorado min
ing man of millions, is moving into his
new Washington residence, which is
decidedly the finest house in the capital
city. Its furnishing? are also superb,
and as Mr. and Mrs. Walsh are fond
o? society and believe in making their
friends^have a good time it goes with
out saying that their home will be the
scene of many gorgeous entertainments
during the approaching season.
Mr. Walsh's large and expensive of
fice building in Washington is getting
the finishing touches ( ahd the tenants
are gradually moving in. The building
is called the Colorado, and nearly all
of the ground floor space is divided into
beautiful stores that rent for fancy
prices. "Mr. Walsh is a heavy pur
chaser of real estate.- claiming that
Washington will eventually be the very
head center for scientific, literary and
artistic people.— New. York Commercial.
Walsh's Faith in Washington.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 24.— Mrs. J. M.
Kimberlin, wife of the pioneer seed
grower of Santa Clara, was found dead
in bed at her home this morning.
Heart trouble is supposed to have been
the cause. She was a native of Penn
sylvania and. 70 years of age. She
came to California with her husband
in. 1852 under • the , auspices of the
Methodist. Episcopal Missionary
Board. .
Pioneer's Wife Dies Suddenly.
was deemed most advisable, and then
the directors of the Chico and North
ern leased the Butte County line back
to the Diamond Match Company, which
will continue it as a rail connection be
tween Chico and its properties at Ster
ling.
The Butte County Railroad is thirty
one miles long, and is considered one
of the best constructed railroads in the
State. Originally it was supposed that
the road was designed merely to assist
the match company in getting its mate
rial to market, but when it was discov
ered that the heaviest of rails and the
best of machinery had been purchased
to operate the road the suspicion was
quickly aroused *" that its rails were
destined to extend over the State line
and make connections with some trans
continental concern.
SANTA BARBARA, Dec. 24.— The
remains of D. E. Richardson, who died
at Montecito at a' late hour last night,
were sent to Chicago to-day for inter
ment. Richardson, who was a promi
nent figure on the Chicago" Stock Ex
change for several years, had been
spending the past few winters at San
ta Barbara, having purchased a beau
tiful home in the suburbs of the city.
He had been ill for two months, suf
fering from a complication of diseases.
Chicagoan Dies at Jlontecito.
Theodore Brunswick, to whom was
assigned a note for $4221, made by B.
D. Pike and Frank Bettman, filed a
suit yesterday against Bettman to re
cover the amount of the note. The
note was assigned to him by Pike, who
paid Dr. G. Schiff, to whom the note
was payable, the entire amount
Sues Bettman on Note.
j NEW YORK, Dec. 24.— Frederick 31 Cush
'inC. a naval veteran and said to have been
at the battle of Manila Bay, was to-day sen
tenced to life Imprisonment for shooting his
wife during a quarrel on July 21 last.
Senator Hoar, the family physician
and Mrs. Patterson, a friend, were with
her when she died. Mrs. Hoar had
been in poor health for some time, but
an improvement iiv her condition had
been noted recently and her sudden
death caused a great shbek to her
family and friends.
The body will be taken to .Worcester
to-morrow for burial. No funeral ser
vice will be held in this city.
Mrs. Hoar, prior to her marriage,
was Aliss Ruth Miller, daughter of a
well-known New England family and
was the Senator's second wife.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 24. — Ruth
Miller Hoar, wife of Senator .Hoar of
Massachusetts, died suddenly to-night
at her home in Washington of anzina
pectoris. /
Massachusetts Passes Away.
Wife of United States Senator From
MRS. HOAR DIES SUDDENLY.
PORTLAND, Ore., Dec. 24. — It is
highly improbable ' that any attempt
will be made to recapture Tlwrlow W.
Parker, who. while being brought back
to this city from Montana on a charge
of forgery, escaped from Detective Jo
seph Day, his custodian. Parker's rel
atives have offered to restore the va
rious amounts the youngr man secured
from different persons in this city.
Forger Will Not Be Pursuetl.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 24. — Mrs. Ger
trude Driggs, who was found guilty
of attempting to infiuence a juror dur
ing the trial in the Superior Court of
her suit to obtain possession of the
famous Hill fortune, to-day paid a fine
of $500 imposed by the court and will
be released from custody.
Pays, a Fine to Gain Freedom.
George Harrison, a discharged sol
dier of the Fourth Infantry, was tak
en to'the Harbor Hospital last night,
suffering from a broken nose and pos
sible fracture of the skull. Harrison,
in company with Cornelius, O'Dea, a
soldier stationed at Angel Island,
came to this city yesterday afternoon
and proceeded to celebrate. About 7
o'clock they drifted into the Del Paso
cafe, conducted by Mullin & Sullivan
at Battery and California streets.
Harrison got into an altercation with
J. W- McCormick. the bartender, over
some drinks won on the slot machine
and Dave Sullivan, one of the propri
etors, ejected him from the saloon.
Harrison claims that he was beaten
when he reached the sidewalk and
Sullivan makes the statement that the
soldier received his injuries from a
fall while running away. A detective
was detailed on the case. Harrison
was removed to the Central Emerg
ency Hospital, where he will be held
for observation.
Soldier Says He Was Beaten.
Practical Benevolence.
Londoners are becoming accustomed
to the sight of the comfortable car
riages which convey crippled children
between their homes and the schools,
which, thanks largely to the energy of
Mrs. Humphry Ward, now form part
of the educational system of the Lon
don School Board. — New York Com
mercial.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 24. — E. G. Wheeler,
representing the Bay .Cities Water
Company, to-day filed a "claim to 200,
000 inches of the floodwaters of the Uvas
Creek, measured under a four-inch
pressure. The point of diversion of
this vast supply of water is where the
Uvasfeflows through the Catherine
Dunne ranch, near Madrone. The
water will be taken by canal to the
Coyote reservoir.
Claims Floodwaters of a Creek.
BAKERSFIELD, Dec. 24.— No set
tlement has been arrived at of the
trouble in the Southern Pacific shops
and yards at Kern. The striking em
ployes are still out and the shops are
doing very little, but the yard work
is going on regularly, other employes
handling the switching. The officials
have made no overtures to the men
and it is semi-officially reported that
the company will not make any terms
with the^ strikers, but will reduce the
force here to a minimum and do all
the work possible at Los Angeles.
Strike in Kern Shops ¦ Continues.
Logan was born a Missouri slave al
most sixty-five years ago. Until the
emancipation proclamation freed him
he was the property of Colonel Red
head in Southern Missouri, and after
he was free he remained for many
years on the Redhead estate. He came
to Iowa a score of years ago and be
came the political leader of the ne
gmes in and around Des Moines. For
the last decade he has been janitor of
the Senate cloakroom and controls the
negro vote. Invitations to his annual
possum dinner are eagerly desired and
accepted. The politicians are served
by the members of the Logan family
and young negroes who offer their ser
vices for the occasion. Logan sits at
the end of the table and does the hon
ors with an old-style courtesy and
courtliness learned while he was' a
slave. — Chicago Chonicle.
Jefferson Logan, ex-jsl&ve,' gave hfs
annual possum supper "to the State
officials and politicians of Iowa this
week. Governor Albert B. Cummins,
Secretary of State William B. Martin,
State Treasurer G. S. Gilbertson, Chief
Justice Charles A. Bishop, Associate
Justice Horace E. Deemer and a score
more Iowa political nobles (all of the
Republican faith) sat down at the
black man's table and were regaled
with possum, chittlins, sweet pota
toes, home-made port wine and other
delicacies. ~N
Every year Jeff Logan gives a pos
sum supper to the politicians of Iowa
and never a year is there refusal from
those who are within the State.
Among those who have partaken of
the possum at the_ old slave's humble
home are Secretary of the Treasury
Leslie M. Shaw, Secretary of Agricul
ture James Wilson, Senator William
P. Allison, Senator J. P. Dolliver, Con
gressman Robert G. Cousins, Con
gressman J. A. T. Hull, Congressman
William P. Hepburn, Minister to China
Edwin H. Conger, Governor Albert B.
Cummins, Governor Francis Marion
Drake, Governor Frank D. Jackson
and scores of others. l
Jefferson JLogan the Host of Politi
cians at Famous Possum and
Chlttlin Dinner.,
NEGRO GIVES DINNER
TO NUMBER OF IOWANS
Australia Will Send Commissioner.
VICTORIA. Dec. 24.— The steamer
Mipwera, .which reached port this
morning from Australia via Honolulu,
brought news that while declining to
assent to petitions of commercial men
to defray the cost of an exhibit of the
natural and manufactured products of
Australia at the Louisiana Purchase
Exposition, the Government had de
cided to sehd Professor Anderson
Stewart as the Australian representa
tive.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 24.— After fifty-one
years a suit was brought to-day to
quiet title to a piece of property
claimed by the estate of Jose Dolores
Pacheco. : The suit is that of Pierre
E» H. de Saisset against Valentine
Koch as administrator, of the Pacheco
estate. Pacheco died February ; 25,
1852, and in 1890 Koch was appointed
administrator of the estate. De Sais
set claims he owns a lot on Seventh
street and that he has ''possession of
the property, but the Pacheco estate
claims an interest in the land, and he
asks for a decree giving, him an abso
lute title to the place.
Litigation After Half a Century.
Miss Thayer is now speeding on her
way to Philadelphia, where she will be
married on December 31 to a gentle
man who holds a responsible position in
Cramp's shipbuilding plant. It is said
that he will shortly take a cruiser pur
chased by the Turkish Government to
Constantinople.
K V 55 x
£! i% : £I •«*!
schools. =•< §2 S3 Zs»
f Jg ¦•;-. sfl
¦ •< . . n<
High - 1.T40 1,604 53 27.1
Commercial 340 310 12 26.3
Grammar and
Primary 37.120 32.523 7<54 42.3
Evening 3,506 2.306 99 23.2
Totals 42,718- 36, 74^ 934 39.3
Four new candidates for the pros
pective vacancy in the principaliship
of the Chinese Primary School,, result
ing from the resignation of Miss Rose
Thayer, have presented themselves in
addition to the five whose names have
already been published. They are Miss
Eliza D. Keith of the Clement Primary
School, Mrs. C. C*. Newhall of the
Spring Valley School,, Miss Fanny
Greenhood of the Henry Durant School
and Miss "W. G. Itelchling of the
Chinese School.
The telegram announcing his death
was the " ftpst intimation of Merrill's
whereabouts since he failed to answer
to the, indictment found against him.
The. police had been exerting in vain
every effort to find the man. Merrill
made and -lost several fortunes. From
1868 to. 1871; he was a member of the
Massachusetts tHouse of Representa
tives, and the follo,wing two years he
served , in ,thefState«^enate^- His ambi
tion was, to be*Mayo^ of" Boston. "In the
fall of 1890. he succeeded 'in defeating
Thomas N. Hart for a renomlnation by
the Republicans, but he lost at the
polls to Nathan Matthews Jr., the Dem
ocratic nominee.
In New Mexico, under the name of
Colonel Charles F. Grayson, Merrill
carried on extengive and profitable bus
iness ventures.
SANTA FE, .N. M., Dec. 24.— Moody
Merrill of Boston, alias C. F. Grayson
of Silver City, died suddenly to-day at
Silver City from pneumonia. Merrill
had held .very .high positions in Boston,
when he suddenly disappeared and was
supposed to be dead until a short time
ago. .Political enemies revealed his
whereabouts, and he was arrested in
New York City on ¦, serious financial
charges. In New Mexico he had made
a new fortune, and - represented the
Colers of New. York in the Southwest
and had been, president of the Silver
City National Bank. : V,-
BOSTON, Dec. 24.— Moody Merrill was
under indictment in Boston on a chacge
of embezzlement alleged to have been
committed about ten 'years ago. He
was arrested on this charge in New
York a few months ago and brought to
Boston, but he disappeared before his
case was called. -.
BIGGS/ - Dec. .- 24.— Six business
houses in Biggs were entered by bur
glars at an early hour this morning.
Roy Parker was asleep in the rear of
one of the stores and was' aroused by
the breaking of the front door. He
jumped from bed with pistol in. hand,
b'ut fell/ over a baby carriage and the
frightened burglar ran.
Industrious Criminal at Biggs Manages
to Escape During an Accidental
Tumult at N'ight. .
BABY CARRIAGE UPSETS
THE BURGLAR'S PURSUER
SUDDEN DEATH
OF A FUGITIVE
FROM JUSTICE
"During the past five years the
world's output of this product has in
creased from 3,000.000 to upward of
4.000,000 tons. quantitatively the
greatest increase ever made in any
five-year period in the history of this
industry. Moreover, for the first time
in a half a century the ratio o* in
crease in the world's production of
cane sugar has exceeded that of
sugar made from beets, the per
centage of increase in the former
product for the five years being about
double that of the latter. The four
years from 1900-01 to 1903-04. inclu
sive, were each in its turn record
breaking years for the production of
cane sugar. The previous high-record
crop (3.530,000 tons) was that of
1894-95. the crop made just before the
outbreak of the revolution in the most
important producer — Cuba.
"The high record crop in the his
tory of the world's beet-sugar produc
tion was that of 1901-02. Since that
date there has been a decline in pro
duction irt Europe, amounting: In all
to about 1,000.000 tons, but the pres
ent year's estimated output still show*
a considerable increase over that of
five years ago."
The report shows that about 70 per
cent of the cane sugar of the world is
now annually produced on tropical
and semi-tropical islands. The pros
pective output of 1903-04 of the lead
ing single producers — Cuba and Java
— constitute 45 per cent of the world's
cane sugar. — Washincton Star.
The Department of Agriculture, in
its official "crop report" for Novem
ber, announces that the indications are
that the world has entered on a new
era in the production of cane sugar.
The department quotes estimates plac
ing the total sugar production of the
world in the year 1903-04 at 10,425,
800 tons of 2240 pounds each, includ
ing 4.342,800 tons of cane sugar and
ti.0S3.000 tons of beet sugar, and says
as to cane sugar:
The Past Five Years Ilarc Seen an
Unprecedented Increase.
CAXE SUGAR PRODUCTION".
At yesterday's meeting at the Palace
all the papers were signed and they
will be filed to-day. Immediately after
the transfer the Chico and Northern
entered into a traffic alliance with the
Southern Pacific for its newly acquired
property, a precautionary measure that
Adopting the tactics often resorted to
by the late C. P. Huntington when he
found a competitor encroaching on his
territory. Harriman, on November 11
bust, had incorporated in this city the
Chico and Northern Railroad, which
announced as its main purpose the
construction «>f a road from a point
three miles below Chico to Sterling, the
present eastern terminus of the match
company's road, and a station which
the latter created for its own business
purposes. Harriman's new company
included among its directors I. W. Hell
man Jr.. J- M. Israel, H. M. Holbrook,
C \ Hart and John C. Kirkpatrick.
This board organized with Kfrkpatrick
*s its president, and that was the last
h<!ard of the corporation until the
tranFaction of yesterday.
Realizing that its interests were jeop
ardized, the officials of the Diamond
Match Company were finally forced to
>*urrender to the Southern Pacific Com
pany, and with this purpose in view
the president and directors of the
smaller road made a second trip West
a few weeks ago. and after a confer
ence with General Manager Krutt
schnitt and Chief Counsel Herrin of the
Southern Pacific completed arrange
ments for the transfer. Instead of tak
inc .over the road direct Harriman de
cided to acquire it through his newly
organised company, the Chico and
Northern.
MATCH PKOPLE . SURRENDER.
}IAKES BLUET' WORK.
Several weeks later it was learned
that the Southern Pacific surveyors
were at work in the neighborhood of
tho Diamond Match Company's road.
Inasmuch as the Goulds are heavy
stockholders in the match company, it
was hinted that Harriman was afraid
that the line between Chico and Ster
ling might be the nucleus of a Gould
pyptem extension to the coast, and it is
t-aid that this fear was stimulated by
the fact that it was known that the
match company had a party of Eur
vry<? rs mapping out a route to the
oastward, by way of the Big Meadows,
t* Inch is regarded as one of the most
feasible outlets for a railroad from the
coast to the East.
Another California railroad has been
added to the long list of properties con
trolled by E. H. Harriman. At a meet
ing held yesterday at the Palace Hotel
the Diamond Match Company's road
between Chico and Sterling, known as
the Butte County Railroad, passed into
the ownership of the Chico and North
ern Railroad, a corporation whose stock
is controlled by Harriman. Immediate
ly after the deal was effected the Chico
and Northern leased the road to the
Diamond Match Company, which is at
present using It as a medium for reach
ing its vast timber tracts in Butte
County.
Harriman has been negotiating for
the road for some time, a fact which
became known several months ago to
a number of local people, but it was
otnpha.tica.lly denied by the represen
tatives of the Southern Pacific Com
pany ia this city. It has developed
that the first move to acquire the road
¦was made nearly a year ago. about the
time that the officials of the Diamond
Match Company came West to inspect
the concern's properties in that sec
tion of ?«««• State. The latter then made
an attempt to enter into a traffic alli
ance with the Southern Pacific Com
pany with a view tcrward handling
oast-bound traffic and an engagement
had previously been made with Harri
man, who was then here, to talk over
the subject. On the day of the ap
pointment, however, the Southern Pa
cific magnate suddenly departed for
the East, without giving the slightest
intimation of his going to the repre
sentatives of the match company, who
were at Chico.
IIARRIMAXS CUXXIXG MOVE.
Arriving here, they openly expressed
their indignation over the manner in
which they had been treated, claiming
that one of the purposes of their visit
to San Francisco was to confer with
Harriman on this subject and that the
appointment had been made'at his sug
gestion.
Collis P. Huntingdon's Suc
cessor Is Said to Have
Feared That the Goulds Might
I'sc Road in Reaching Coast
COLFAX, Wash.. Dec. 24.— Joe Rich
ardson, a hanger-on around saloons,
lost a bet and his life here to-night
while attempting to prove he could
drink twenty, glasses of beer. . .
: Richardscrh;had been drinking whisky :
and other liquor all" day and .'in the
evening made'a bet that he could drink
the five quarts of beer. He swallowed
seventeen glasses in succession and then
fell dead : a't the bar of. the Oxford sa
loon. Coroner Crawford was notified,
but after viewing the . remains and
learning the circumstances concerning
Richardson's death decided thart' an in
quest was unnecessary. ..'-''
Richardson , was once a "- : well-to-do
farmer. He had been acting as porter
around saloons for several years. He
was 51- years old and had no. known
relatives. He will be buried by the
county. *". ¦ .
Special Dispatch to,The Call
The statement shows that there are
fewer pupils in attendance, compared
with the period ending November 13,
the last date upon which figures there
on were made public. The present av
erage daily attendance per class is.. 42.3
in the primary and graram ir schools,
while for the former perio/I it was 43.3,
being one pupil less for each class, or
a" total of 764 pupils less. Th<> present
average daily attendance in all/'the
classes %t the high, commercial, gram
mar, primary and evening schools is
39.3 pupils, against 40.2 for the preced
ing period. The statement in detail
follows:
President Woodward. or. ;li<» Board. of
Education yesterday issued a tabu
lated statement of the attendance in
the public schools for. the perio-3 ending
December IS, 1903. . • ¦„ .'
LOS_ANGELES, Dec. 24.— Relatives
of Joseph and Louis Choisser, father
and son, of Equality, 111., who were
shot and killed by detectives in this
city a week ago while resisting arrest,
are taking steps to have the matter
reopened and an investigation had
which will go behind the findings of the
Coroner's 1 jury, ¦• and ascertain whether
the officers were justified in the killing.
The relatives and friends of the dead
men 'claim that the shooting was en
tirely unjustified • and ¦;, unwarranted.
Joseph Choisser, the elder man, was
wanted in Equality, 111., on a charge of
obtaining money under false pretenses.
The \ presence of the two in this city
having, become known to. the Illinois
officials, the local officials were tele
graphed; to arrest and hold the men.
When Detectives Hawley, Cowen and
Murphy attempted to place the men
under, arrest at the Hotel Broxburn,
where, they were staying, a fight en
sued and both the Choissers were shot
and -instantly killed by the detectives.
The latter claimed self-defense and a
CcroneVs. jury exonerated them.
Since the holding of the inquest other
witnesses have come forward whose
statements contradict in every detail
the testimony of the detectives. The
District Attorney's office is making a
thorough investigation.
Mayor Snyder to-day suspended De
tectives Hawley, Murphy and Cowen
from duty pending the inquiry. A
hearing: will begin next Thursday be
fore the Police Court. It is announced
this afternoon that relatives of the
murdered men will take the matter be
fore the Grand Jury.
SPOKANE. Dec. 24.— Charges have
been sent to tho Department of the In
terior at Washington against Indian
.Agent A. M. Anderson of Miles, Wash.,
who has charge of the' Colville Indians.
A. C. Kouthe and M. F. Gibson. Spo
kane, attorneys, have charge of the
matter for the Indians and have asked
for an investigation.
Th*» charges include: Allowing the
Indian police to frighten a child, to
death; allowing the police to handcuff
a crJpp!e and leave him for ten days
practically helpless; refusing to allow
Indians to leave school to help harvest
and thus causing the loss of crops;
taking children to school without the
knowledge of parents, who though;,
them drowned. Affidavits accompany
the charges.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 24.— Miss Lillian
Rogers and Miss Dora Rogers became
the brides respectively of George Os
born and Jesse' Osborn at Green-Val
ley last evening. " The brides are sis
ters and the grooms are brothers.- The
wedding Was one of the most unique
by reason of that fact which has taken
place in , Sonoma County for many
years. The ceremony" was performed
by the Rev. F. A. Bissell, pastor of the
Green Valley Congregational Church,
in the presence of a large number of
friends and relatives of the contracting
parties. After the ceremony thei newly
wedded couples drove to this city.' ' ,
On this morning's train the quartet
went to San Francisco to spend their
honeymoon, after which they will re
turn to Green Valley to reside, where
each of the grooms owns a ranch.
Special Dispatch to The Call
DEAL IS QUIETLY
MADE IN THIS CITY
Brides and Grooms Journey
to San Francisco After Cere
mony at a Country Church
The board ordered transmitted to the
Board of Education the communication
from the Civil Service Commission sug
gesting that requisition be made for
the certification of a civil service elig
ible to succeed W. E. Commary, as
sistant inspector of buildings, as was
told in yesterday's Call. The Board of
Education desires to dismiss Inspector
of Buildings McSheehy and retain
Commary. According to the decision
of the Civil Service Commission, Com
mary will have to go, and McSheehy,
who was appointed from the civil ser
vice eligible list of inspectors, will hold
his place io accordance with the de
sire of the Board of Works.
The board ordered bids to be adver
tised for the repaving with asphalt of
New Montgomery street from Market
to Howard.
The board recommended to the Su
pervisors that the width of the side
walks on Clement street from Tenth
to Thirty-third avenue be reduced
from 19 to 15 feet.
The board designated the location of
fire escapes on several buildings in va
rious parts of the city.
The board raised the compensation
of all Dlasterers in its employ from
$5 50 to 56 per day, to take effect Janu
ary 1, 1904. The new rate of wages was
fixed by the Plasterers' Union.
The complaint of M. J. McLean rela
tive to the bad condition of a boiler
In the Hotel Pantheon led to the dis
covery that a permit for the same had
never been issued by the Supervisors.
The owner of the building was notified
to secure a permit at once.
The board approved the map of the
City Engineer showing the lands grant
ed to the city by Mary A. Fritz for
the opening of Tremont avenue from
San Mieruel ranch. ,
Inspector Fitzsimon reported to the
Board of Public Works yesterday that
work was being done behind closed
doors at S40 Kearny street, where a
theater was being fitted up on a small
scale without a permit. Matters were
made worse because the fittings, such
as the Screens and stage paraphernalia,
are of the most infiammable material.
Fitzsimon said that a man named Mc-
Carty pretended to be manager of the
place, but that Christopher Buckley
was the real owner.
The board notified the Chief of Folice
to stop further work on the theater
and not to permit its use as a theater.
City Attorney Lane advised the board
that, according to a Superior Court de
cision, Corbett avenue does not run
through the bltrck between Douglass
street and Clara avenue, and suggests
that the Board of Supervisors purchase
this right of way for a sum approxi
mating the expense of taking an appeal
from the decision. -—
Replace Commary by Eligible
Inform Board of Education of
Civil Service Board's Order to
Four New Candidates Present
Themselves to Succeed Head
of Chinese Primary School
Police Board in the Southern
California Metropolis Are to
Hold • a New Investigation
Federal Official Said to Have
Been Derelict in the 3Ian
agement of the Aborigines
APPLY FOR PRINCIPALSHIP
Former Rich Farmer Attempts
to Imbibe Twenty; Glasses
of Beer and Then Expires
Request for an inquiry
Diamond Match Company Makes
Transfer of the New Butte
County Line to the Southern
Pacific Railroad Company
RAISE PAY OF PLASTERERS
DETECTIVES SUSPENDED
CUPID CAPTURES FARMERS
LIFE ENDS AS HE DRINKS
Works Commissioners Learn
That Chris Buckley Acts With
out Permit and Notify Police
President Woodward of Board
of JCducation Issues a State
ment Showing a Falling Off
Shooting of Father and Son
in a Los Angeles Lodging-
House Causes an Inquiry
Interesting 3Iarriage of Four
of the Residents . of Green
Yalley in- Sonoma County
Agent . at the Colville Reser
vation in Washington Re
ported to Interior Department
Washington Man Loses a
Bet and Passes Away in
a' Saloon at Town of Colfax
SURRENDERS
RAILWAY TO
HARRIMAN
THEATER WORK
IS SUSPENDED
FEWER PUPILS
IN ATTENDANCE
RELATIVES SAY
IT WAS CRIME
DEATH MAKES
WAGER FUTILE
BROTHERS WED
TWO SISTERS
INDIANS MIKE
THE CHARGES
THE SAN FRANCISCOl CALL, FRIDAY. DECEMBER 25, 1903.
German Army Decadence.
Considerable sensation has been
made in < Paris by the appearance in
the Gil Bias of an .article entitled
"The Greatness and Decadence of the
German Army." The author ia evi
dently very familiar with the . condi
tions' in that service. The' points he
makes are that- the general discon
tent and spirit of revolt "in labor
circles is extending to the army, be
ing, taken there by the youths from
the towns and cities. By them it is
communicated to the youth, from the
country, who, at the end of their ser
vice, take it home with them. The
immediate results are seen, in the in
creasing unwillingness of the youth o*f
the country to join the colors, for they
know beforehand. th'e severe treatment
they are likely to receive. The author,
-says, also, that the average , German ,
officer Is not only- lacking in enthu
siasm In • his duties, . but . is actually
cold toward them, accepting, them aj I
the dullest routine " J
Work of Bringing the Entire Equip
ment to a Uniform Style v \Vill Be
Worked Out Gradually.
OMAHA. /)ec. 24. — W. S. V. Thome,
director of purchases for the Harri
man lines, who has been in Omkha
for several days, announced that the
equipment ! of the' entire Harriman
system will be standardized. When
the plan has been carried into effect
it will be possible to duplicate any
piece of rolling stock at any shop of
the system. The work of bringing the
equipment to a uniform style win be
worked out gradually as new stock
and repairs are required.
The plan of standardizing .will In- I
elude the Union Pacific, Southern Pa
cific. Oregon Short Line, Oregon Rail
road and Navigation Company, Illinois '
Central and Chicago and Alton. ; 1
IIARRIMAN TO STANDARDIZE
HIS SYSTEM OF RAILWAYS
5
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
XH THE GOOD OLD-FASHIONED
DATS
Powdered VTisu Formed an Important
Adjunct to a Gentleman's Apparel.
It-is safe to nay that the majority of
bald m»ti of to-day would gladly revive
the old dignified custom if they could.
But they can <1o the next best thin)? to it:
that is, hold on to what hair they
hav«.
In cases wli»re the hair root or hair
bulb has not b^en completely destroyed
by parasites that Infest it N'ewbro'n
Herpioide will oo wonders in the way of
a new growth of hair.
Destroy the cause, you remove the ef-
fWt That Is th» puccessful mission of
Herpicide. Sold by leading dru^sists.
S*>nd 10c in staman for sample to The
Herpioide Co., Detroit.. Mich. V-i *
CASTOR I A
for Infants and Children.
ft 3 Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears tLo Sp? ' 4/S/7 -*-&-'
Signature of L6af7Z/'C6c&U/l£
SEE THE PICTURES
"A LITTLE TRAITOR
TO THE SOUTH"
CONCLUDED IN THE
NEW YEAR EDITION
OF THE
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
ADVERTISEMENTS. \
1 'TIS CHRISTMASNOW?and 1?
v many a household is made £
joyful and happy through the
melody of a fine new PIANO
purchased from our estab-
lishment, fsili
To all our patrons \r) partic-
ular, aod to everybody io a
geoeral .way»we!extendXMAS
931-983 MARKET STREET SAN FRANCISCO ,Poor Receive Clirlstmas Gifts.
Christmas at St. Luke's Church was
ush.«red in by a children's service
yesterday afternoon at 4 o'clock^ The
children sang carols and brought gifts
for the manger, .which were afterward
distributed to the poor. At midnight
there was a. celebration of the holy
communion. The music was sung by
the s'urpliced krhoir of men . and
women. ,i
The female who is homely enough
to stop a clock Isn't a success when it
comes to stopping a street. car.
Sir Knights and their friends, who will
fill San Francisco next September. Al
most from the very hour it was learned
that the Grand Encampment of the
United States, then in session at Louis
ville. Ky., had voted to hold its twenty
ninth triennial conclave in San Fran
cisco, California Commandery set to
work with zeal and enthusiasm to plan
for the most cordial and brilliant recep
tion and entertainment in the history
of Templarism. •
The commandery speedily appointed
a committee composed of its most ac
tive and energetic members, whose ex
perience in that line admirably fitted
them for efficient service. Plans were
outlined for a round of entertainments
and festivities during conclave week
destined to eclipse the most lavish Hos
pitality extended to the Californians at
former conclaves. In' time the original
plans were enlarged upon, the commit
tee-augmented and strengthened, va
cancies filled, sub-committees appoint
ed and every detail fully attended to.
The following constitute the executive
committee: Sir Knight P. F. Ferguson,
chairman; Eminent Sir Thomas H.
Brown, vice chairman; Sir Knight
Ralph Hathorn, secretary: Sir Knight
Harry Goodall, chairman finance com
mittee. .; , . »
SECURE MECIf ANICS' PAVILION. .
Some difficulty was experienced in se
curing a ,hall suitable and spacious
enough for the requirements of .the oc
casion, until It was decided to share
Mechanics' Pavilion- with the Grand
Commandery of California and main
tain open house and give one general
reception during conclave week, and
the large pavilion will probably form
the center of social events, for all vls
itors. To provide funds to defray the
expense of such a grand round of en
tertainments it was decided to receive
voluntary subscristiQns. from members
instead of ldvying ah.assessmentl- Sir,
Knight :.Harry_ <Goodall ,,-waa' given
Of the corps that have entered for
competition there are two rrom Louis
ville, Ky.. and one each from Milwau
kee, Chicago, Denver, Columbus, Pitts
hurg. Tunkhannock and Detroit. For
the California competition there are
four— California Cojnmandery No. ,1,
Golden Gate Commandery, Oakland
and Los Angeles.
It Is proposed to classify the competing corps,
with magnificent prizes for each class, as fol
lows: First class,*' drill corps attending, and
competing, coming from oatt of . tfje . Rocky
Mountains; second clasn, drill corps attending
and competing." coming from west of the Rocky
Mountains; third class, the corps of San Fran
cisco commanderies, California No. 1 and Golden
Gate No. 16. The competitive drill between
the two latter -corps will not be identified nor
havp any connection with the preceding drills
in which th* corps from abroad will participate.
They will not compete for any of the honors,
nor for any of the prizes offered to awaken
the interest and arouse the enthusiasm of visit
ing drill corps; the prize for which these two
corjie will contend will be special and distinct
from bM other prizes. -
It Is eminently desirable that each command
ery from the United States and Canada attend
ing the twenty-ninth Triennial Conclave be rep
resented, by its corps in this friendly contest
It is propowd to make the drill feature of the
conclave one of exceeding brilliancy and "to
this end It is hoped that the drill corps of your
fomman'Ury will, upon receipt of this commu
nication—If they have not already done so— at
once begin active preparations to participate In
the competition.
The Interest in the twenty-ninth Triennial
Conclave or the Grand Encampment of the
United States, which is to be held in San Fran
cisco, the metropolis of the Pacific Coast, In
1S»O4 is intensifying throughout the country.
The ' comwandpriee of this State, under the
guiding hand of the Grand Commandery of thii
juris<iictlon, are preparing to extend a royal
welcome to their fraters and friends from
abroad and to greet them with a hospitality
that will tend to make the coming Triennial
Conclave pre-eminently the most famous con
clave ever -recorded in the annals of .Templar
encampment*. Numbered in the brilliant pro
gramme of events already scheduled Is a series
of competitive drills, for which elaborate plans
are b^ir.g formulated. Prizes well calculated
to excite the emulation and ambition of com
peting eommanderies. the finest creations of the
Jeweler's art. will be offered as an Inspiration
for excellence in drill. The rules governing the
competitive drills will be in accordance with
the tactics of the Grand Comandery of Cali
fornia, by the Kight Eminent Sir Frank W.
Sumner. One copy of these tactics will be
mailed to the commandant cf each drill corps
regularly entered for this contest. All entries
mufct be nyide under the peal and by the
proper effloer* of the commandery. The drill
is scheduled for Wednesday and Thursday of
the triennial week". The distribution of prizes
wilr- be the feature of Thursday evening. A.
complete schedule of the movements to be exe
cuted will- be in the hands of. the commandant
of each competl ng' corps at least ninety days
before starting for San Francisco.
TO CLASSIFY CORPS.
the order will be offered for excellence
in drills. The committee at Its first
meeting appropriated $15,750 in prizes.
At that time it was expected that .not
more than ten drill corps would enter
the competition. Since then the num
ber of competitors has . reached thir
teen, and one or two more are likely to
enter. The committee contemplates
doubling the original amount set aside
for prizes, in order to offer eufflcient
inducement to the best corps to parti
cipate In the competition.
California won the. first prize at the
Triennial Conclave held three years ago
at Louisville, and the California com
manderies will not enter the general
competition this time, but will compete
for special prizes. Captain Reuben P.
Hurlbut, chairman of the competitive
drill committee, has sent the following
letter to all commanderies:
COME FROM MANY POINTS. .
The following were among the earliest
to apply for accommodations and they
secured first • :oice:
Putton Oommano>r>\ N«w P.edfcrd, Mass.;
Hugh Ce Paj^ns CommandVry. Melro.««?. Mass.;
William Parkman and Coeur de L4on eem
msr.derieji of Hofton. Mass.; Hamilton Ccm
mar.dTj'. P.ridgrjjort. Conn.; Trinity Cora
jtianrtery. HudF<in, Mass. ; Holy Sepulcher Com
ui«r.di>ry. Pawtu<-ket. R. I.; Washington
Conmtnderr, Hartford. • Conn. : New Haven
Com!rmi<»ry, N»w Haven. Conn.: rilgrim
Comm£ndt:ry. Harriaburg. Pa.; Haneelman
Coirm*nd«ry. Cincinnati. Ohio; Pitlsburg Com
mar.dfry. Plttsburg. Pa.: Reading Commandery,
Reading. Pa.: Tancred Commandery Pnts
burj:, Pa ; Mary <"ommandfry. Philadelphia;
Coeur fie L#lcn and Mellta commanderies, Scran
ton. Pa.: naldwin « Vimmandery. WilllJimsport,
Pa.; L«ouiFville Commandery, Louisville. Ky. ;
Malta Commandery. Birmingham. N. y. ;' Little
Hock Commandery. Little Ro<-k, Ark.: Ivanhoe
Commandrry. Milwaukee. Wis.; De Molay and
Borton ro:nmanderl»8, Boston. Mass.; Oregon
Cotnmandtry. Portland. Or.; Portland Com
rnar.<!try. Portland. Me.; De Molay Command
t>". Louln-ill«-. Ky. : Trinity Commandery
Manchester. N". H. ; St. B*>rnard Commandery'
Ch:raro. III.: Corinthian Aaoiwir Command
»ry. Philadelphia. Pa.; Pt. Aldcmar Command
ery. St. I^ouIf. Mo.; Allegheny Commandery
Ph::adelphla. Pa.; Maryland delegation in
«-lurtinr all commandfrie* of that Ftate- De
Wi:t Clinton Conrnandery. Virginia. Kcv.t Hn
plfworxJ Commandery. Chicnpo, III.; CaH-ary
O-.mman'lery. Omaha. Xcbr.. and the '!eWa
tior <rcm ell other commanderies of Xrhraska
The Grand Encampment and the
Grand Commanderies of the following
jurisdictions will be located at the
Ohio. Minnesota. Arkansas. North Dakota,
Rhode leland, Iowa. Pennrylvanl*. Illlnoin
Orogon. MlFsourl. Montana. Indiana. New York'
New Hampshire. Connecticut, Wyoming. W<>st
Virginia. Vermont. Maryland, Georgia, Florida
Tennensee. M.iln*. N..>hraFka. Colorado. Texas!
District of Columbia, Michigan. Maesachusetta
*u<3 Washington. *
The committee is negotiating for
VAST THRONG EXPECTED.
That Sar. Francisco is Justified In
expecting the largest attendance in its
history may be inferred from the re
port made by the hotel committee
through its chairman. W. Z.. Growall,
who has been in correspondence with
commanderies throughout the country
for the last year ana a half. Basing
his estimates upon reliable information,
he predicts that 50,000 visitors will come
from east of the Rockies and fully as
many more from the Pacific Coast
States and Territories. ¦ More than 6000
Sir Knights had secured accommoda
tion for the conclave up to last Sep
tember, just one year '.n advance of
the event, and vhey were booked ex
actly as they desired, in the very best
hotels. Late applicants had to take
second choice, themeh there is ample
room for all that may come. • Out of
the thirty-nine Grand Commanderies
that are coming thirty-two have se
cured headcuarters at the Palace. Of
the subordinate commanderies 125 have
secured accommodations and headquar
ters .at hotels and boarding-houses in
all parts of the city and most of those
will entertain at their quarters. It is
row estimated that tTi.000 Sir Knights
will parade and that they will be cheer
ed by 250,001 enthusiastic spectators.
Most of the Sir Knights write that
they will bring theJr wives and mem
bers of their families.
Tradesmen still speak of the former
conclave and recall visions of the
etreak of gold left in the path of the
visitors. They will welcome them
again, more heartily than ever, as will
the whole population. To insure the
greatest success and to eclipse all for
mer events for which Sari Francisco
has earned the most enviable reputa
tion as a convention city, the Grand
Commandery of California and the
subordinate commanderies, with their
committees, have been attending to
the preliminaries for almost two years
and have been laying up a fund for the
most lavish entertainment and recep
tion possible. The Grand Commandery
of California has thus far put aside
5 36,000 and expects to increase the
amount to nearly $60,000 by next Sep
tember. California Commandery will
have a fund of about $40,000, while
Golden Gate Commandery expects to
have about $25,000. The commande
ries from Oakland, Sacramento, San
Jose and all the larger cities in Cali
fornia will probably contribute to the
entertainment fund from $5000 to
51^,000 each, which will swell the
total to a much larger amount than
has ever been expended in entertain
ing any body of visitors. All this vast
sum of money comes from tjie frater
nity and is to be expended in enter
taining.
The Mechanics' Pavilion has been se
cured for the main gathering place and
continuous entertaining, aside from
¦what the Grand Commandery and the
subordinate bodies will do at their sep
arate headquarters. It will be. one
round of festivities from the time the
Templars step on San Francisco soil
until they leave. The expense of the
Illumination, which Is to surpass in
dazzling brilliancy even that which has
made San Francisco famous in recent
years, the street decorations and many
other attractions demanding large ex
penditure will be defrayed through dif
ferent sources.
Many San Franciscans have a vivid
recollection of the Templar conclave
held here in 1SS3, nor have they for
gotten the magnificent display by the
cream of American manhood parading
the streets of the city, cheered by
many thousands, residents and visitors,
the greatest spectacle ever witnessed
on the Pacific slope.
REMEMBER LAST CONCLAVE.
The Triennial Conclave of the
Knights Templar, which is to be held
s .n San Francisco next September, is
destined to become memorable in the
history of California as the greatest
and most notable event that has ever
tp.ken place In the State, as well as in
the annals of Templarism.
'All roads lead to California in
]904"' is the motto of all sir knights
east of the Rockies, and it gains in
volume and strength as the months
pass. "All roads lead to San Francis
co next September" resounds the echo
throughout the Pacific Coast. Thou
panCs of persons have been looking
toward that great event and preparing
for the visit to the metropolis by the
Golden Gate for almost three years,
and San Francisco will probably house
at that time a larger number of Btran
gers than ever before, not excepting
the period of the recent Grand Army
Encampment.
i No greater actlyltjr, 1 n6 more genuine';'
enthusiasm can be Imagined than.per
vades the ranks- of California Com
mandery No. l,..the pioneer command
ery of the Golden State, in preparing .
for a fitting reception of the visiting
quarters for 1500 Sir Krilghta .of Salt
Lake City, Boston, . Chicago, .Detroit
and Syracuse commanderlesl v
TO HOLD COMPETITIVE DRILLS.
A series of competitive drills by the
crack drill corps .of the United States
on Wednesday and Thursday of..Tri
ennial week will form, one of the most
attractive features of the conclave. The
most valuable prizes in the history of
Most Notable Fraternal Evet
in State's History to
Occur Here.
Commanderies of
This City to
Be Hosts
Continued on Page; 9, Column I.
4- . _ _ -+
charge of the subscriptions, which have
already grown to about $20,000, with
every- indication of reaching double
that sum before next September, and
California Commandery- is assured of
being, supplied with all the means
necessary to carry out the stupendous
plan for its entertainment.
WOMEN WILL CO-OPERATE.
The conclave committee will soon ap
point an auxiliary, composed of a num
ber of representative women, who will
co-operate with the commandery in en
tertaining their guests, especially the
ladies who will accompany the Sir
Knights from abroad. Plans for these
entertainments that shall most delight
the. visitors have been suggested,
though their adoption shall have to
bide the pleasure of the auxiliary. If
carried out, ..they will become a* fea
ture of the conclave and enhance Cali
fornia's fame for hospitality. The em
blematic souvenir badge the. command
ery will procure for the occasion Is to
hjs' the best the jewelers' art can pro
duce. •¦
To' extend further; courtesies to visit
ing commanderies upon their arrival in
this city, committees from California
Commandery will go up the road and
meet visitors, other committees will re-
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR WHO
HAVE CHARGE OF CON
CLAVE ARRANGEMENTS.
The Pullman Company is .. overhaul
ing its sleeping coaches, turning out
new ones at a 'marvelous rate, both
first-class and second-class, and get
ting them Into shape to accommodate
the Sir Knights and their friends who
will* accompany them on the westward
Journey. The following sleeping-car
rates have been established for that
occasion : From Chicago and common
points, first-class, $14; tourist cars, ?7.
Missouri Riyer and common polnta,
first-class, $11,60; tourist, $6.
.': In addition to the most excellent
sleepin-car service all lines will be
prepared to furnish, all trains will be
equipped with modern reclining chair
cars and coaches for the "free use of
every possible comfort and rapid trans
portation; to avoid delays and acci
dents, and adopted rates equal ,t« the
lowest known in transcontinental
travel. These rates cover the fare from
all principal points from Chicago and
west to San Francisco. and Los Angeles
and return. From Chicago and return
the fare is $50 for the round trip, 2o00
miles each way with every comfort.
From points along the Mississippi
River the round trip rate is $47 50;vfrom
Missouri River points, $45; from Colo
rado common points, $40; from Albu
querque, El Paso and points along that
line, $35; from Salt Lake City. $36 50.
The tickets will be on sale not later
than August 15, with a final limit of
sixty days from the date of purchase.
These tickets are good for passage -jver
the Central and Southern routes, com
ing and going either way at the same
rate. Coming or returning via Port
land, Oregon, will cost an additional
$11.
All the transportation companies in
terested in this westward hegira are
making ample preparations to handle
the vast hosts that are sure .to throng
trains and depots.
PULLMAN COMPANY READY.
All local and coastwise transporta
ticn companies are 'making exceptional
efforts to accommodate the traffic, both
by rail and steamship, to all points of
interest in California and the Pacific
Coast, and also to carry the many
thousands of dwellers from Pacific
Coast States and Territories to San
Francisco during conclave week.
All transportation companies and
passenger agents predict that the com
ing conclave will be a record breaker in
transcontinental as well as in coast
travel, " and ' they will be prepared to
meet the demand.
The Pullman Company has at its dis
posal and ready for Immediate use
about 3500 standard first-class sleepers
and 500 tourist sleeping cars, each cap
able of comfortably accommodating
from forty to forty-five passengers, or
a total of from 160,000 to 180,000.
; The 'rates are made effective at a
date that will permit the movement of
this vast body gradually and without
taxing the various lines centering at
San Francisco. Many Sir Knights and
their families will start from their
homes three weeks prior to the opening
of the conclave. Many commanderiea
will . travel by special trains, stopping
at numerous points of interest, such
as Yellowstone Park, the Cascades, in
the Pacific Northwest at grand old
Shasta and the Siskiyou Mountains, the
Rocky Mountains of Colorado, Manitou
Springs, the- Royal Gorge, Leadville,
Salt Lake City, the capital of Mormon
dom; the Great Salt Lake, then over
the Sierra Nevada? the Grand Canyon
of Arizona, the most wonderful giant
chasm ever discovered; El Paso, Tex.;
Juarez, Mexico; the wonderful mining
camps of Arizona.", the orange groves of
Southern California, Yosemlte Valley
and Calaveras Big Trees.
Many of the visitors will take In the
greater portion of these wonderful
sights on their way to the conclave,
which will spread the heavy travel over
a much longer period and give the
railroads the best opportunity to handle
all the traffic comfortably.
CAN TRANSPORT AN ARMY.
F. Merrill: chairman of finance committee. Sir
Knight John D. Spreekcls; Eminent Sir
Thomaa H. Browne, commander California
Commandery No. 1; Eminent Sir J. W. Mc-
Clymonds. commander Oakland Commandery
No. 11; Eminent Sir Robert W. Campbell.
commajider Golden Gate Commandery No. 16;
Eminent Sir G. H. Umbsen. past commander
California Commandery No. 1; Eminent Sir W.
E. Price, past commander Oakland Com
mandery No. 11; Eminent Sir R. B. Moore,
past commander Golden Gate Commandery No.
16; secretary. Sir Knight J. W. Anderson."
Triennial committee — Acting president and
first. vice president^ Brllsford P. Flint; second
vice president. Harvey D. Loveland; third vice
president, Martin Jones; fourth vice president.
William Edwards; fifth vice president. John
A. Brltton; grand commander. W. Frank
Pierce: deputy grand commander. William D*.
Knights. Sacramento; grand captain general.
John D. de Jarnatt. \CoIusa: treasurer^ John
F. Merrill: secretary. AVIlUam A. Davies; F.
W. Sumrier. George D. Metcalf. Oakland; J.
C. Campbell. J. p. Fraser. Chairmen of com
mittees — Charles L. Fields headquarter*; John
D. ''Spreckels. finance; Robert McMillan, aud
iting; Clarence M. Smith, printing; W. L.
Growall. hotels; W. II. Snedaker. transporta
tion; J. M. Peel, badges; Charles H. Wilson,
press; W. H. Frank Titus, music: George D.
Clark; reception. Past Grand Commander Wil
liam Mason Rundell. Hornltos; Frederick Far
dlnand Barss. Placerville; Henry Sayre Orme,
Los Angelea; Alfred Augustus Redington. Sac
ramento; Edward Richard Hedges Stockton:
Charles Fayette Lott. Oroville: George Clem
ent Perkins, San Francisco; William Monroe
Petrle. Sacramento: Reuben Hedley Lloyd,
San Francisco: Samuel Hopkins Wagener, San
Jose; Jacob Hart Neff. San Francisco: William
Vanderhurst. Salinas: Edward Spaldlng LJp
pltt. Petaluma; Robert Morris Powers. San
Diego; Fred M. Miller. Fresno; George B. Me-
passengers. Practically four lines enter
California, all with the best equipment
and' modern appliances, while In 13S3,
the year of the former conclave, there
was but one line leading to California-
All four companies are devoting much
time, means and energy to Improving
the passenger equipments and motor
power and generally bettering the
roads.
Napa — G»org(* Washington Strohl, Jamee
Baunty Stevens. Daniel Sterling Kyser.
Eureka — Thomas Barnes Cutler. Clarence
Mandeville. L. Howard. Ernest Sevler. Garland
Albert Dungan.
Santa An? — Milton John Bundy. Wi!?tan»
Muldrow Garnett. Marion Albert M»nges. Wil
liam Bel! Wood. James Hedges Hall. Charles
Dexter Ball. John Philip Greeley.
Pomona— Frank Garcelon. Benjamin Franklin
Nance. John Law. George Whitney Merrill.
Joseph Relt.-n Garthside, Frar.k Raynes.
\'acavill(v_Krederlck Martin Smith. Carl
Helnrlch Nielsen.
Spencer L. BlodRett. Pakerrfleld: W. W. Mon
tague. San Francisco; Charles H. Weatherwax.
Placerville: James F. Eastiren. Marysville: M.
S. Thresger. Stockton: W. H. Turner. Ventura;
John H. McEw?n, Watsontllle. Louis Nord
h?lm. Yreka: James T. Mnrrtsh. Red Bluff:
George Rounds. Vnllejo: H^nry J. Nichols, Po
mona: Charles T. Mugrtdge. Vallejo.
Eminent Sir Andrew G. Booth, presi
dent of the triennial committee and
chairman of the executive committee,
died recently. Eminent Sir IJrilsford P.
Flint, first vice president of the tri
ennial committee and first vice chair
man of the execurive committee, acts
In place of the deceased.
Very Eminent, S.r Oeorge Sinsabaugh. .s
grand generalissimo and deputy grancf^
commander of California, died since he
was appointed on both the triennial and
the executive committees. His plac* baa
not been filled. ' \w-
Red Bluff— Robert Hurd BIcssom. Ellaa Deta
van Gardner. • • . ."_ '._
Ventura— Nathan Weston Blanchard. J?W'»
Allen Day. Kenneth Peter Grant. James Walk
er Nehemiah Blarkstock. David Rhodes Denl
ion. Willis Philip Lincoln.
Vallejo— John Brownlie. Heriry John Wi
nter, Henry Daniel La2elle. Oustaf Adilyh
Bergwall. John Henry O-Hara. George Rounds.
James Colton Ford. Frederick Augustus Small.
Frank Joseph Kinsey. Gilbert Hewlett Oak
'^>etaluma— Marcus Dj'atheka Goshen. Allen
Roseburgh. Lyman C. Byc^. Robert Henry
Brown Dolphus B. Fairbanks.
Woodland— Mlcajah Oglesby Harllnr TO1
llam Wirt Nelson. WllHam Thomas Lauge
nt Watsonville— Thomaa FlTnt Sr.. J* m '»
Waters Thomas Flint Jr., Frankirn Edwin
Mauk. 'Edgar Lewis Clark.
San Bernardino — Edward Alexander Smith.
William Lloyd Garrison £oule_ Thomaa Jona
than Wilson Mllford Byron Ten-ass, Frederick.
Richard Bright. Frank Clark Prescott. Fran
cis Leroy Holcomb. J. Franklin Johnson Jr.
Coluaa— Jacob Henry Miller .Claude Ed. _d»-
St. Maurice. John Charles Mogk. Albert Au#t!a
Thayer Robert Cosner William Harrison Bus
ter Oscar Robinson. Joseph Bailey Cooke. -
San Diego — Norman Henry Conklin. John
Peek Hurt Addlson Morgan. George M'«;!n,
Dannals Gonzalo Edward Duxton. Cnarlea
Beach 'Humphrey. John Bennett *vooten.
Thomas Montague Shaw. Albert Freeman DJll.
William John Mossholder. Martin I-uther
Ward Edward Allison Butler.
VIsalia— Robert Chidley Broder Chri-tlaa
Hausch Joseph Clarence Ward^ Edward Har
rison Miles William Galllard Doxter Jr. WU*
Ham Ketther. Thomas Alexander Chatten.
James Henry McKle. *
San Luis Oblspo — George Breck Stanlford,
William Harrison Spencer. Benjamin Brooks.
John Whicher. Daniel Marcus Garrison.
PROMINENT MEN SERVE. • - '.
Riverside — Samuel Bond Hlnckley. Menn»-8-
Bowman, Ellsworth Henry Way. George Mor
timer Skinner George Dtmock Cunningham.
John T Jarvis Walter Elmer Keith. Kings
bury Sanborn Gilbert Bryden Ocheltreo. Wil
liam A. Anderson Robert Preaton Cundlff. Al
bert Augustine. Caldwell. •
Fresno — Angus Marlon Clark. James Alfred
Webster. George H. Monroe. Duncan Donald
Allison Thomas Henry Warrlngton. James
Wiley Smith. George Wallace Jonea. George
Burton Land. ' ./ J
Santa Barbara — Francis Marion Casal, Ben
jamin Franklin Thomas. James Charles Jlas
slnger. William Scott Day. Oliver Perry
Squier Frank Adelbert Conant. Edward Gard
ner Dodge John N. HUler. John Kennedy
Harrington. Samuel Manchester. Charles Har
vey Rowley.
Pasadena — Florin Leslie Jorws, Delca Arnold.
La Fayette Seward Porter. Leander .Warren
Frary. Eugene Cock Griffith. Charles Josepfe
Wlllett. WillUm Shibley. Oscar Otto Freeman,
Calvin Hartwell, Jam»a Barr Tluprhes.
Yreka — Calvin Le^-y Gregory. John Samuel
Beard. Hudson B. GUlls. Charles Wilbur Nut
ting. L»wis Farrln Coburn, James Robert Tap
fcott. Frederick Alexander Autenrieth, EJward
Montague Wslbank.
Ukiah — James Milton Mannnn. Samuel Dihel
Paxton. Thomas Langley Carothers. Georga
Washington Stout. John Henry Barker. Lyman
Wllhert Babcock. Hale McCowen. James Robert
Mathews.
COME FROM MANY POINTS-
Loa Angeles— John Dustin Bi'cknell. J*°**rt
Rufus Brown. William Adam, Frank
lin Jordan Freeman Golding Teed. Henry 2>na«
V^ora George Mortimer Holton. Julius H>r
b^ MaYtTn. Hervey Lindley Madison Towa»
end Owens. Charles Carrol Allen. "Irani
HedKei Conklin William Byron Scarborough.
BenWn N SmJth. Sumner Hamilton Boyn
fon 3 Wimam Bosbyshell. ™»»«™ »>;E£»
Henry Ryerson Smith. Stephen Merrltt ~
2S3am« A. Foshay. Hnratl» Mo » l !£-
Wllilam Phufelt Bullls. Isaac Shelby
go-aery William I*nriison Stephens. Charles
ie^l7'Eastman. James William Long. WU
"^/To'^JoS'^-heeler Coolc Georg,
Brav Henry Olp We.ller. George Melville Bow
man.' Wimam Alexander January Samurt W.u
,,n Bortne. Wilbur Justus Wllcox. William.
Wlnfleld Blanchar.l. Clement Thwdor* Park.
Robert Menzel. George Alexander Flfrntnj.
Wilber Flsk Parker, William Larkln VVood
row. George Thomas Gribner V. illlam Honry
Haydock. Albert B. Cash. CU™nee £•?«*?•
Robert Paris Gober. John William D * v ,^ h , r _
Oakland— Jamea Bestor Merrltt. Zachary
Taylor Ollpln. Alfred William Burrel '• ©¦*'«»
Edward Collins. EdwaM Harrison M^rxan.
Charles Edwin Gillett. Joseph f™"*"!" <£*"•
dler. Solomon Lathrop. James Hamilton Todd.
r Chico— Park. Hew-haw, John Row* Robinson.
Hiram Treat Batchelder. William Thwnas.
Aaron Evans. Jefferson Davis Marrh. Jf^
Boucher. William Henrv Miller, Gilbert Hart
Bangham. Frederick
Hlnes. William Brockman. James Branftam.
William Nettles Goodwin.
Santa Rosa— Mllo Smith Davis. Byron M.
Spencer Guy Emanuel Grosse. Jamea (.lark
Mailer. 'Thomas Garratt Wilton. Aii^stu-j I.e
ander Fisher. Hiram l*wts Tripp. Fran*
nemmens Loomls. Allen Bosley Uernmon.V. I
liam Jordan Doggett. Edward Vv a lker Pav'.s.
Allison Burr Ware-. Richard Fruit Crawforl.
John Tyler Campbell. John Walter
San Francisco— James Henry Hatch. . Frank
lin Daltnn. Carlo* George Yrnjn*. Alexander
B Ton Wefelshurg. Joseph Kirk Firth. Charles
Henrv Murphy, George Howard Wintorburn.
James Morsell Gasoaway. Charles Lewi* Pat
ton. John Jones Crawford.
Sacramento Commandery— John William
Rock. Isaac Baldwin Cooledge, Evander Berry
Willis. Charles Mortimer Cnglan. Edwin Glover,
John Walter B< yd. William Buckley PavU.
John Ellas Tucker Pike. Richard Palmer Burr,
Valentine Drencher, Edmund Clement Atkin
son, Taylor- Washington Helntzelman. Ralpa,
J. Van Voorhies. Evert Wllbern Hale. Thomaj
James Scott. Thomas Benton Reid. L<oula Cynii
Schindler. Louts Kred Breuner.
Sonora — Ellsha Tolman Gould. Edward Keil.
William Giles I.one. Frank Wilson Street.
Placerville— John Dodd Skinner. Andrew
Thompson Culbertscn, Thomas Fraser. Edwanl
Converse Voorhies George Washington Me-
Kee. Henry Sylvester Morey. Reuben Kelly
Berry. Robert Pagan Patterson. Nobie Wash
ington Mountain. Charles Albert ¦ Swlsier.
(>rr.vilie — John Carlton Gray. Thomas Boyd.
Hutchlns. William James. George James Gra
ham. Albert Foster Jrne». Charles D«nnia Dunn.
Henry Chapman Hills. William Hubert Dlxon.
Erasmus Tucker, John Helm McGUl,' John
Gale.
Nevada City — Niles Searls. Ianthis Jerom»
Rolfe Edward Myers Preston. John Thomas
Morgan Edward Coleman. PavitJ Eddy Mor
gan. Thecdore Henry Wllhelm. Fred S««rl.'.
Frank Aver. Charles Henry FTddy. William
James Rogers, David Edwin Matteson. ••
Marysville — Andrew Jackson Binney, AtKL.s
Clark Bingham. Lemuel Trescott Crane. George
Washington Carpenter. Gavin Walker Hutch
ins, David Powell. .Alexander Cameron Irw'"-
Arthur Hathaway Hewitt George *?**£»
Kekart Edward Henry Hud.«on. Miles Edwar-1
Sanborn. Samuel Ewell. William Theophilu*
Henn. Irwin Grlfnth. Randolph Whitney
S?oVkton— Georg* August Shurtleff. Alexan
der Chalmers. George Alexander MeKenz f.
John Garwood, Reuben Henry Mn *- W A !!™*
Morgan Noble. John Yardley. Leonard Harrison
Buckland. Samuel Elkenbarry Latta. Edward
Eldridge Hood, Durrett Oliver Castle.
FROM THE SOUTHIiAND.
Kee. San Jose: Carroll Cook George Tisdal*
Bromley. Franklin Henry Day Joseph Miller
Lltchfleld. Thomas Kyle. Keuben Preston
Hurlbut. John Tonnir.gsen. William Invln,
Thomas Wilson Servtss and G. H. Umbsen.
San Francisco; Henry Haven Pearson. New
York City, for California Commandery No. I.
COUNTY REPRESENTATIONS.
The following are the committees
having: In charge the arrangements for
the conclave:
Executive — Acting chairman and first vice
chairman. Eminent Sir B. P. Flint: second
vice chairman. Right Eminent Sir F. W. Sum
ner: third vice chairman. Right Eminent Sir
George T> Metcalf; fourth vice chairman. Em
inent Sir J. C Campbell: fifth vice chairman.
Eminent Sir 3. P. Fraser; past grand com
mander. Right Eminent Sir W. F. Pierce:
grand commander; Right Eminent Sir A\. D.
Knights; treasurer. Right Eminent Sir John
Men Prominent in All Ranks
Appointed to Serve on
Committees.
Templars of the Country Eager for the Conclave
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, : FRIDAY, ? DECEMBER 25, 1903.
In anticipation of--, the enormous
travel to the Templar con
clave, the Transcontinental Passenger
Association,, at. Its convention held at
Chicago from June 23 to 26, adopted
plans to meet the requirements, insure
Railroads Pre=
pare to Carry
Big Crowds.
6Salvation Army.
The Salvation Army will distribute
200 family baskets from its headquar
ters, 1271 Mission street, this morning.
Each basket will contain a good meal
for a family of five,' consisting of one
chicken, bags of flour,' potatoes, tea,
coffee, sugar, apples, oranges, nuts and
on^or two tins of canned goods.
A dinner will also be given in the
Odd Fellows' Hall at noon, when the
army expects to accommodate 1000 in
two-sittings of 500 each.
In addition the army has planned to
have a- special service for children,
when a Christmas tree, with toys, can-
Christmas music will be sung at St. Paul's
Episcopal Church Sunday at tlie 11 a. m. ser
vice, and a special Christmas carol service
will be sung In the evening at. 7:43. - • --
The morning programme will be as follows:
Processional hymn No. 49, "Adeste. Fideies";
magnificat. "Anglican Chant" (Smart);
"Nunc Dlmittis" (Vincent); anthem. "Lift
Thine Eyes," from "EHljah" (Mendelssohn),
Mls3 Moore. Miss Abbott, -*frs. Pamplin;
Christmas carols — "Glad Tidings to All"
(Shepptrd), "Noel" (Adam). Mr. Rosekrans;
"O Many and Many a Year Ago" (Gllchrlst).
"Sleep. My Saviour, Sleep" 1 (Miller). Miss
Moore. Miss Abbott. Mrs. Pamplin; "Far In
the Deep of the Beautiful Night" (Shepperd)
"No .More Sadness" (Kchnecker); off«rtory,
"The Lord Is My Light" (Allltsen). Mrs.
Greven; hymn No. 53 (kneeling. "Cairo on it*
St. Paul's.
The Christmas day music which r.ill be ren
dered at St. Luke's Church will be repeated
at Sunday morning's service.
In the evenlne of that day there will be
festal evensong with the following programme:
• Processional. VAncels .From the Realms. of
Glory" (Smart); "Magnificat" and "Nunc
Dlmittis." W. A. Sabin, In D; hymn. "Hark,
the Herald Anrcls Sing" (Mendelssohn); an
thems, "Sing, O Heavens" (Sullivan), solo by
R. H. Hunt: "O Come, Redeemer of Man
kind" (West), solo by Master Harold For
man; offertory, solo. "Nazareth" (Gounod), . H.
li, Perry; carols, '"Good King Wenceslas" ami
"The First Nowell" (tradltioiml): recessional,
"Shout the Glad Tidings" (Anon.).
There will be special Ckristmas
musical services in many of the city
churches on Sunday, the programmes
of which follow:
St. Luke's.
Special Christmas
Services to Be Held
in Churches Sunday
Programme of Sunday services. Pastor, R»v.
Richmond Logan. Morning— Organ voluntary,
"Gloria." Twelfth Mass (Mozart); doxology
and invocation: .hymn 73, "Come, All : Ye
Faithful"; anthem, "Jesus the Son Is Bom"
(Phillips): responsive psalm reading; Lord's
Prayer: hymn 232. "Thou Didst. Leave Thy
Throne": anthsm,' "Behold, I Bring You Cowl
Tidings" (Lynes); Scripture reading .md
prayer: Gloria Patrl; i announcements; sopr.mo
solo, "Noel" (Adam). Mrs. S. M. Darrah : ¦ i.ei
mon by pastor, -subject, "Bethlehem Knh'
ratah": prayer: offertory; anthem, "Hark! ths
Glad Sound" '(Lerman); hymn 74. "Hark! the
Herald Angels. Sing": benediction; organ post
lude. "Marche aux Flambeaux" (Clarke). ,
. Evening -service. 7:45 o'clock — Organ volun
tary. ""Allegro Movement" In E flat (Ros=n
krans); hymn 71. ."Joy to -the World" ; anthem,
¦*'Glory to God In the Highest" (Mrs. Watts
Hughes): anthem "Calm on the Listening
Ear" (Williams);, responsive psalm reeding;
Lord's '"Prayer; male ' quartet. "Christians,
Awake!" (Walnwright). 'A. C. Brown. William
Barr, David Lewis, 1 Dr.; Ellis Jones; hymn 7fe,
•'Asi With Gladners-Men of. Old": Scripture
reading and prayer; anthem. "Behold,'" I Urine
G«x>d, Tidings" (Goss); .announcements; anthom,
"The World in Darkness Lay" (Steeie): seruion
by pastor, topic. "What Think" Ye of Christ?";
offertory; anthem. ¦ "Sing to. the Lord"
(Beirly); hymn 181, "Jesus Shall Reign
Where'er the Sun": benediction: organ post
lude. • "March of • the ¦ Pilgrims" (Lorman).
Choir — Mrs. S. -M. Darrah, Miss Annie Scott,
Mi*»" Rue' Cllfford.-»Mi*s- Gebrglha Llbby, ' Miss'
The conerrezation of the Howard Pretby
terlan Church, Oak arid Baker streets. Rev.
John S. Thomas pastor, will celebrate Christ
mas services Sunday morning and evenlne In
the following order: Morning— Organ prelude.
"Hallelujah Chorus," from "Mount of Olives,"
Beethoven; doxology and Invocation; anthem,
"Unto Us a Child Is Born," Gould; hymn,
"Hark! tJie Herald Ansels Sing," Mendels
schn; responsive reading; quartet, "Star ,vt
Glory," Chadwlck: reading of Scripture: cn
thrm. "There Were . Shepherds," Rodgers;
hymn, "Adeste Fideles"; prayer; anthem,
"Bethlehem." Beach: offertory, "Noel," Adam;
sermon; hymn; "Hark! What Mean Thosa
Holy Voices?" Gower;. benediction; organ post
luiie.' "Coronation March," Svendsen.
Evening — Organ prelude, "Christmas Pas
torale." A'shmall; anthem, "From Out the
Starry Heaven," Eycr;' Invocation; hymn, "O
LHtle Town of Bethlehem," Redner; anthem,
"The Hcly Babe," Batchelder; reading of
Scripture; carol, "Hark! the An^cl Choir,"
lirown; prayer; quartet, "Ring Out, Wild
Bells," Labee: hymn. "It Came Upon the
Midnight Clear." WMllls; offertory, "Glory to
God " Helmund: address; hymn, "As With
Gladness Men of Old," Kocher; benediction;
01 pan postlude, "The Glory of the Lord," from
"The IletESoV Handel.
The choir consists of Mrs. A. T. Fletcher,
Mrs. John W. Madden. Mrs. C. C. Youns,
Miss Lillian Ch»ffers, Miss Edna Dahl, Mrs.
Robert Lloyd. MIes Mabel F. Gordon; Miss
Louise Hayes. Arthur Buckley," Dr. A. A.
Arbo^ast Oscar Williams, Will Jordan, Carl
Auerbach, Fred Clarke, T. G. Eddy. William
F. Hcoke, organist; Robert Lloyd, director.
Lutheran Sunday School.
Howard Presbyterian.
Llst'ning Ear of Night" (Dykes); recessional
hymn No. SI. "Hark, the Herald Angils
Sing" (Mendelssohn). St. Paul's Choir: So
pranos—Mrs. Lenora Greven Miss Gertrude
Abbott. Miss L. Jensen. Miss E. E. Rodda;
altos— Miss Hazel Belr»Pitcher. Mias Maude
Crabtree; . tenor — Chester Rosekrans; bassos —
R. Marrack, Alfred i Van ' Hovenberg. The
choir is assisted by Mies Anne Moore, soprano;
Mrs. James Edmond Pamplin. contraltos MIfs
Myrtle Morgan, cornetist; C. E. Ker. basso.
J. Haraden Pratt, organist and choirmaster.
First Unitarian.
Christmas service at the First Unitarian
Church, Franklin, and Geary streets, will be
conducted Sunday at 11 o'clock a. m.'.by the
Row Bradford LeavltU ' .
The service. will begin with an organ volun
tars", fantasie. "Lift Up Your Heads" (Han
del) (Guilmant), followed latsr by "Gloria"
and the anthem '"Sing Unto the Lord." Th*
a.ntbem.. VCantlauo lie Moel" will be given by
a soloist and chorus, cr.J the offertory will be
Emmanuel Baptist Church,' JJartlett str'et,
between Twenty-second and*^ Twenty- third:
Kev. .1. George Gibson, pastor. Christmas s?r
vlce'Sunday: ¦ r
"Morning service. " 11 o'clock — Organ, im
promptu «>n hymn ¦. tune, "Adeste Fld'les"
(Lincoln); Dcxolcgy by the congregation; In
vocation: congregational • hymn, "Joy to the
World." No. 1; BOD^ino solo, "The Birthday
of a Klnsr" (Neldlinger). Misa Mabel Jackson
Christvs; refMinsive - reading, j Twenty-fourth
Psalm: "Gloria Patrl," congregation: tenor
solo. " 'Twes Xiqht In Old Jud?a" (Dairson),
D. Howcrd Koote: nrayer'and Lord's Prayer
chanted by the congregation; violin solo, Wal
ter Weber: ScrlDtun? reading. Luke 1:46-35;
contralto solo, "The Chimes of Christmas
Morn" (Dressier), Miss Xrna Roberts; congre
gational hymn, "While Shepherds Watched
Their Flocks": tenor solo, "The Gift" <Beh
rrnd), Otis. M. Carrincton: notices; offtrtory,
"Virgin's Prayer" (Massenet): barytone salu,
"Pease on Earth" (Finch). Rev. . J. George
Gibson;- s»iort sermon: coneresatloiial hynvn,
"Hark! the Herald Angels Sing"; benediction,
recessional, "Christmas March" (Doane).
Pipe oi».Bn, Miss Ix>tta .1. Underbill; ars'.st
ant, Mls>s- Lillian Bennett: violin, Walter
Weber; piano. Mrs. F. T. Sully.
Evening service, 7:45 o'clock— Orchestra,
"The Night of Glory," a cantata (Poane); dox
ology by the congregation: invocation: congre
gational hymn. "Hark! The Herald Angels
Sing": soprano solo. "The King Eternal" (Har
ris), Miss L. M. Beanston; scripture reading,
Isaiah lx:l-9; "Gloria- Patri"; bass solo, "The
New. Born King" (1'Espolr), D. B. Bowley;
prayer and Lord's Prayer chanted by the con
gregation: violin solo. C. H. Blank; scripture
reading, Matthew 11:1-12; mezzo soprano solo,
VO Holy Night" (Adam), Miss JClta C. Fahey;
congregational hymn, "While Shepherds
Watched ¦" Their Flecks"; i tenor solo, "The
Heavenly Dream" (Treharn*). Otis M. tar
rlngton; • notices; orchestra, "The Xlght of
Glory" (second part) (Doane); barytone solo.
"The Song of Ages"- (Meredith). Rev. J. George
Gibson): ehort sermon;, congregational hymn,
"My Country "Tls of Thee" <No. 20); benedic
tion: orchestra. "The. Night of Glory", (third
l>art) " (Doane). Orchestra— Pipe organ, Miss
Lotta J; Ujulerhllft assistant. Miss Lillian Ben
nett; violins, C. H. Elank and Walter. Weber;
piano, Mrs. A. F. Roberts; cornet. A. F. Rob
erta. !Si3ssi&?8*8BW«**»tfes*>
Emmanuel' Baptist.
Morning. 11 o'clock — Organ prelude, "Ho
eanna". (Wachs); hymn 1U0; prayer; carol,
"It Came Upon the Midnight Clear"; lesson,
soprano solo. Miss i/ouise Smith; "Noel" (Ad
am); hymn 1S.'{; sermon: offertory, vlollncello
solo, Donald Forbes; anthem. "Sing, O Heav
ens" (Tours), polo by Miss Ethel Rodda:
hymn; benediction; organ postlude, "Grand
Chorus" <Dubo!e).
Evening, 7:30 o'clock — Organ prelude, "Com
munlcn," In F (Orison); so!o and chorus,
"Nazareth" (Gounod), C. >Horner: hymn: les
son: anthem, "Arise, Shine" (Elvey); sermon;
anthem. "Sing, O Heavens" (Tours); offer
tory, vlollncello solo. D. Forbes;: soprano
solo, "I Will Extol Thee" (Costa): hymn:
benediction; organ pcstlude, '"Processional
March" (Loret): organist and choirmaster, J.
H. Hallowell. Rev. Clarence Reed, pastor.
Bertha Llchtner. A. C. Brown, David Lewi3,
Dr. Ellis Jones. Organist, William Barr.
California-Street Methodist Episcopal.
There will be Christmas services at the
Spanish Church of Nuestra Senora de Guada
lupe this mornlnj st HK30 o'clock. Mozart's
Twelfth Mass will be rendered by the choir
The personnel of the choir is ns "fallows- So
prarroe — Mrs. B. Camarena. Mrs. F. Loaiza,
Mrs. T. Hoops and^MIss Y. Perez; altos—
Miss R. Roylance and Miss A. "Lavica: tenors
(?. Oliva and L. Brady; bassos— O. Schucster
F. Loaiza, Y. Oormart and E. Waning; of
fertory, "Vlllancico." by S. Arrlllaga: adora
tion. "Noel," by Mrs. T. Hoops; consecration,
violin solo by Miss A. Maltorena; organist
and director, S. Arrillaga.
Nuestra Senorn de Gcadalnpe.
St. Paul's Church, Twenty-ninth and Churcli
streets. Rev. Father M. D. Connolly rector —
High mass at 5 o'clock. Music — Battman's
Ma:=s in K flat, suns by combined choirs of
Young Men's and Young Ladies' sodalities.
Low maFses at 0. T, » and 0 o'clock. Solemn
h!gh mass at 10:30. Music— Xlarzo'n "Messe
Solennelle": offertory, Adam's "Noel," tenor
folo by Arthur Boyce: "Adeste Fideles." boys'
choir. St. Paul's Choir: Sopranos — Mrs. R.
1). Valerga, Miss M. Reilly, Miss Rose Broder
ick. Altos — Miss May F. Code, Miss Kittle
Wood. Tenors— Arthur Boyce, Charles O. Wll
ley. EJassos— William I^ane. Joseph Iiroyer
Violinist— William F. Healy. Organist— illss
Amelia F. Quinn.
bott, Mr. Curtas and Mr. Lynch. Cello— Mies
X. Conlon. Flute — Miss Ludlow.
St. Paul's.
MUMMIES FOUND IN CAVE
ON ISLAND OFF ALASKA
Partly Petrified Remains of Two In
dian Men and a Woman Discover
ed Near Prince Edward Sound.
There are three mummies on ex
hibition at the Baldwin Annex saloon.
The partly petrified semblances of the
human form were sent to James Orn
dorff from a friend, who found them
in a cave on one of the islands of
Prince Edward Sound, Alaska. In
the cave with the mummies was found
a petrified tree of a dwarf variety.
This is also exhibited with the other
relics.
The three figures are in sitting pos
tures, the knees being doubled up un
der the chin. All of them are clad
in fine sea otter skins, which with
stood the ravages of time excellently.
One of the mummies is the remains
of a woman. The cave in which they
were found is about twenty feet
from the sea beach. • The relics are
supposed to be the remains of num
bers of an old race of Indians that
formerly inhabited the island. Sev
eral stone axes and other crude im
plements used by prehistoric races
were found in the cave with the
bodies.
Just how old the preserved gentle
men and lady are is not known, but
they are supposed to have made their
debut into the other world innumer
able moons ago. They will be sent
to the St. Louis fair as a part of the
San Francisco exhibit.
Callfornians hi New York.
NEW YORK, Dec. 24. — The follow
ing Californians are in New York:
From San Francisco — F. H. Bullock,
at the Continental; Mr. Lamlaw and
wife." at the Wellington: J. P. Lemke.
at the Cosmopolitan; H. S. Lockhart
and wife., at the Navarre; F. E. Ru
dolph, at the Yorkshire; W. J. Shot
well and wife and H. Avery. at the
Holland; L. E. Defaut. at the Metro
politan, and W. A. Kirkpatrick, at the
Holland.
From San Jose — W. P. Lyon, at the
Manhattan.
From Los Angeles — H. W. Altman,
at the Lincoln; Miss J. W. Dennen. at
the St. Denis, and the Misses Ollphant.
at the Grand Union.
Window Glass Trust Incorporates.
PITTSBURG. Dec. 24. — A charter
was granted to-day in 'New Jersey to
the Manufacturers' Window Glass
Company, the proposed combination
of the principal Interests of the coun
try. The capita! stock is $1,000,000.
Following a long practiced custom
the boy choir of the Cathedral Mis
sion of the Good Samaritan, about
forty in number, visited the downtown
hotels last evening and sang Christ
mas carols. The coming of the chor
isters was av^aited at all the hotels by
a large assemblage, which gave evi
dence of the cheering influence of
the ceremony in contributions of
money, which the mission needs in
ministering to the needs of the unfor
tunate of the city.
Sing Christmas Carols.
George H. Davis, business manager
of the Central Theater, tended the
members of the stock company and
the various employes of the play
house a pleasant surprise af£er the
performance last night. Behind the
scenes there was a beautiful Christ
mas tree, with a present on it for
each member of the company and all
employes of the theater. Mr. Davis
•was presented with a handsome dia
mond-studded matchbox by the mem
bers of the company.
Christmas Tree at Central.
A new feature '^of the work among
the children of St. Paul's Episcopal
Church, California street between Fil
more and Steiner, will be a children's
carol service, which will take place
Monday evening-, December 28 (Holy
Innocents' day). Professor Pratt will
preside at the organ and his surpliced
choir and a cornetlst will assist. The
Rev. G. Taylor Griffith, assisted by
Joseph Cutten, Judge Hovenberg. Mrs.
Lawver and Mrs. Reilly will lead the
children in the singing of the Christ
mas carols. The parents and friends
of the children are cordially invited by
the rector, the Rev. \V. M. Reilly, and
the teachers to be present at the sing
ing of the carols. St. Paul's Church
will be elaborately decorated and fes
tooned with evergreens] and red ber
ries. After the carol service in the
church the Christmas tree festivities
will take place in the Sunday-school
room.
Children's Carol Service.
While the heavens shone with glory.
Guided by a living star.
Known of old in sacred story.
Came the wise men from afar;
Lo! in a manger sleeping
Lay the kingly child.
While o'er his sleep a vigil keeping
There watched the virgin mild.
St. Dominic's Church Christmas day musi
cal service will be repeated on Sunday.
Lutheran Sunday-School.
The Sunday-School of St. Paul's German
Lutheran Church will hold Its Christmas cele
bration to-morrow, at 7:30 p. m. As the
church is too small to accommodate the many
children and their relatives the Elntracht
Hall, 237 Twelfth street, has been rented for
this occasion. The pastor. Rev. Paul BranJce,
has prepared an excellent programme consist
ing of recitations ami songs by the children,
and several appropriate hymns are to be ren
dered by the enlarged choir.
St. Dominic's.
The juvenile members of St. Mark's Church,
O'Farrell street, are to be entertained at a
Christmas gathering at a special service which
will take place Sunday evening, beginning at
6:30 o'clock. A part of the Christmas day
programme will be repeated on the occasion.
The Sunday choral service at Grace Meth
odist Episcopal Church, Twenty-first and Capp
streets. Rev. Francis M. Larkln pastor, will
be as follows:
"Praise God from Whom All Blessings
Flow." choir and congregation: Lord's Prayer,
pastor and congregation: hymn 192. "While
Shepherds Watch Their Flock." choir and 1 con
gregation: anthem, "Lift Up Your Heads. O
Ye Gates" (Greene): scripture reading, pastor;
prayer, pastor; tenor solo. "The New-Born
King" (L'EspoIr). H. V. Kautzmann; anthem,
""The Nativity" (Haesche). soprano solo. Mrs.
Mpad bass solo, Mr. Kerrtck: hymn 1S7.
"When Marshaled O'er the Nightly Plain."
choir and congregation; contralto solo. "O Lit
tle Town of Bethlehem" (Frederic Field Bul
!ard) Mis^ Ruth Weston: anthem. "Hark, the
Hwaid Ange'.s Sing" (J. Hyatt Brower). tenor
solo. Mr. KautJtmann: bass solo. " 'Nazareth"
(Gounod) W. C. Kerrick: offering;, anthem.
"Ths Glad Tidings" (J. Hyatt Brower). so
prano and tenor duet. Mrs. Mead and Mr.
Kautzmabn; hymn 248. "All Hail the Power
of Jesus' Name," choir and congregation: ben
ediction, pastor. ' Chorus choir assisted by
Mrs. M. C. Mead, soprano: Mits Ruth Weston,
contralto: H. V. Kautzmann, tenor: W. C
Kerrtck. bass. T. C. Wittlch, organist; Rob
ert Husband, director.
St. Mark's.
Grace 3Iethodlst Episcopal.
z-'Kev. Dr. Adams, the pastor, will preach at
both services.
First Congrrgiition.il.
>. The Christmas exercises at the First Con
gregational Church. Post and Mason streets,
will be held on- Sunday, both morning and
eveninr. Special music will be rendered by
the choir. Samuel D. Mayer, organist and
director. The following is the programme:
Morning service — Carol, "Christmas Bells"
Wilson; anthem. "There Were Shepherds"
Vogrich; tenor solo, "Noel," Adam; offertory,
soprano solo. "Once In Royal David's City,"
from "The Nativity," Dr. H. J. Stewart: an
them, "Arise. Shine, for Thy Light Is Come."
Maker. Evening service — Anthem. "Sing. O
Heavens." Rogers; cantata. "The First Christ
mas," Barnby; "contralto solo, "The Virgin's
Lullaby," from "The Coming of the King,"
Buck; bass solo, "The Dawn of Hop**," Shel
ley; offertory, soprano solo, "The New Born
King," Hammeral.
In the evening Gaul's cantata, "Prince of
Peace," will be given. The programme has
been arranged as follows:
"Good Tilings". «J. C. Bartlett). soprano solo
Miss Ina Collins, violin obllgato Paul A. Nor
mand. and chorus; "Noel" (Adam), tenor solo.
Robert Saxe . and chorus ; anthem "Gloria In
Excelsis" (George Whiting): "Gloria" (Schill
ing); violin solo, "Berceuse" (Goddard). Paul
A. -Normand. — •¦• * :
.In the evening at 7:30 o'clock the cantata
"Prince of Peace." by- Caul, will be given for
the first time In San Francisco. There will be
a choir of twenty-live voice?, assisted by the
following solorsts":" Mri. F. J. Trist. soprano;
Mrs. F. N. Elliott, alto; A. E. Lawrence,
tenor; Edward C. Boysen. barytone: Dr. George
1.. Bean, ba&s. Miss Kate Hutchlnson. organ
ist; W. C. Stadtfeld. director. Choir: fc'o
pranos — Miss Ina Collins. Miss Virginia Davis.
Miss Dora Meussdorfer. Mrs. R. Moore. Miss
Irene Meussdorfer. Miss M. E. Newbert, Mrs.
F. J. Trist: altos— Miss R. Burtnett, Mr3. F.
N. Elliot. Miss Eva Jefferey, Mrs. William
Rader. Mrs. W. C. Stadtfeld; tenors — Edward
Calame. Edward Hutchlnson. E. E. Jones. A.
E. ¦ Lawrence. Robert Sale: bassos — C. H.
Galnes, Dr. George L. Bean. R Moore A.
Moore, F. J. Trlat. Dr. H. Ward. H. White.
At the Third Congrajatlonal Church. Fif
teenth street, near Mission, there will be a
sermon Sunday at 11 a. m. by the pastor, the
Rev. William Rader. oa "The Exhau«tles»
Christ" and sacred music numbers.
Third Congregational.
_ . 4.
the cantata "The Christ Sought" (Rutenber).'
The choir members will be: Sopranos^ — Mrs.
George O. Winchester, Mrs. Wallace Wheaton
Brlggs. Mlso Helen C. Heath: altos— Mrs. F.
V. Cox, Mrs. Blanche King Arnold and Miss
Grace Ewlng: tenor? — Frederick, Veaco and J.
Hoyt Toler; bassos^ — George Me Bride and Gor
don B. Mills; H. Bretherlck. organist and choir
director. . .
Holy Cross Church, Eddy street. Rev. Father
John F. McGinty rector — At the 11 o'clock'
mass Gounod's "Messe Solennelle" will be
i-unK by full choir and orchestra, under the di
rection of Organist Harry Wood Brown. At
the gradual Adam's "Cantlque de Noel" will be
eung by Mr. Perron, barytone. „ At the offer
tory "Adeste Fideles" will be sung. The choir
will consist of: Sopranos — Mrs. Alvina Heuer-
Wilson. Scphla Rottanzl, Mamie Laydon, Miss
Beretta, Miss Cassassa. Miss Peters. Altos —
Miss Peguilllon, Miss Wilbur. Mrs. Malatesta,
Mlaa Maria Rottanzl and Mrsv Joseph Witt!
Bassos — Marcel Perron, Mr. Witt, Mr. von der
Kim, Dr. Palama. Tenors— J. Baptista Beron
da and J. Phillips. The orchestra will contain
the following: First violins — Hugo Poheim,
Miss A. Conlon. Second violins — Miss May Abl
Holy Cross.
The choir tinder the direction of Miss Marie
Gioiglani will render Gounod's "Mease Solen
nr>IIe" <St. Cecilia). ecIo and cliorus. There
will be given bnsid'.s the processional the
"Christmas PaMorale." fram Handel's "Mes
siah": the Gradual: Adam's 1 "Noel," solo anil
chorus, with Miss Etta O'iJrien as soloist; the
offertory. "O Dies Praeclara," by Gounod,
solo and chorus: the Henedlctus." double quar
tej of male voices: the uost communion,
"Ade^te Fiddles," arranced hy Novello.
Soloists, Mrs. I.. Walsh, Mrs. Stanley-Grif
fin. M'ss Etta O'Brien, Dr. James F. Smith,
T. Nowlan and Walter Webb. These will be
assisted bv tlie following chorus: Sopranos,
Mrs. Sommers, Mrs. McKfnna, Misses Mary
Higgins. Sybil Toninl. E!vi:-a Toni.nl, M.
Arndt. E. Barnes. M. Norton: contraltos. Mrs.
A. Brannigan, Miches R. Tonini, M. Muller, '".
Harnes. E. Brlrrolara: tenors. Messrs. W.
rwrham, W. Moore. H. G. Dpwdal, John
.Taunet; bassos, Messrs-. A. O'Hrien, W. Judge,
11. Shean, F. Rubannic and W. Breen.
St. Mary's (Paulist) Church. California and
Dupont streets. Rev. Father M. P. Smith, C
H. P., sujK-rlor and rector — The first rna?s will
be at 5 o'clock a. m. and mass s will be cele
brated every hour until 11 o'clock. High mass
will be at 5 o'clock a. m. The choir will ren
der Gcunod's "Mlssa Angeli Custodea" ; at ihe
offertory the- "Adutf Fideles." The solr Ists
will b» Mrs. Noonaa, Miss Vlantin, Mr. Now
lan and Mr. Webb. Solemn high mass will
be celebrated at 11 o'clock and the "closing
sermon of the Rev. Father Smith's course on
"The Gracious Coming of the Redeemer" will
bi given.
St. Mary's (Paulist).
"Ades?te" and "Noel." by Adolyihe Adam.
Pft»i.>=' 'Tantum Ergo." Nioo'o's "O Pa'utaris"
snd Handel's "Laudate" will be rendtreH at
the rxr-^dictlon of the blessed sacrament after
mass. Soloists. Miss Grace Sherry, soprano;
Penorila Andrea Mcjlca. contralto; Ed Lotz,
tenor, and Charles Pechln. basso ca.ntante.
Jiir?. Roerkel will elng the "lncarnatus" and
the "La'jd2te Dominum." Joseph Ro'ckel,
organist.
St. Brigid's Church, Van Ness avenue. Rev.
Father Jihn E. Ccttle rfctor — Solemn high
mass will be celebrated at 11 o'clock by the
Rev. Joseph A. McAullffe: d;accn. Rev. John
E. Cottle: s-jb-deason. Rev. Father Grant.
R»v. -Father Cottle will ureach the «ermon.
An augmented rhoir under the direction of
Mrae. Coursen-Roeckel v.ill sing the following
compositions with organ and orchestral ac
ronipaniment: Webfr'n Mass in G; Noveilo's
St. Brlgfd'&!
At the 5 o'clock mass the following pro
gramme will bfl. rendered by a select choir:
"Kyrie" and "Gloria," by llercadante and
G*nera!i: "Credo." "Sanctus" ana ''Agnus,"
frcm Alary's grand mass: and at the offer
tory a Christmas anthem. "Hac Nocte Est,"
trio and chorus, by Cagllero, and "Adeste
Fid«»l«-s. At 10:30 there will be a solemn high
mass: "Kyrle," "Gloria" and "Credo," from
Gmrrali's mass in G: "Sanctus" and "Agnus,"
from Gounod's solemclle mass. And at the
offertory. "Nollte Timers <H Gloria," soprano
solo and chorus, by Karst. At benediction,
"O Ealutaris." by ifine: "Tantum Ergo," by
Nava, ini "Adcste Fidclc*."
St. Joseph's.
St. Joseph's Church. Tenth and Howard
streets. Rev. Father P. Scanlan rector —
Masses to-day will be at 5, (J:30, 7, 7:30, 8,
S:30. 9. 9:30 and 10:30, and at 9 o'clock In
th" Church of the Ar.£el«. The 5 o'clock mass
will b<? a high mass, and at 10:30 a solemn
high mas*, with a select choir and a sermon
approi-riate to the occasion, followed by sol
emn benediction.
The masses in Ft. Francis Church, the Rev.
Father Terrence Caraher rector wlil be cele
brated to-day at f\ ti. 7, h. 9. 10 and 11
o'clock. At the 5 o'clock macs the Juvenile
Choir will sing a number of appropriate
hymns and solos under the direction of Miss
Anne Lacey. Miss Maria Ryan will be the
crganiM. The 11 o'clock mass will be a sol
emn one. and after the first gospel the Rev.
Father McGcugh will preach the sermon.
The music at the 11 o'clock mass will be
as follows: "Kyrie Gloria." from Giorza's
first mass; "Credo" and "Benedictus." from
Weber's in E flat; the cfTertot-.", "Noel." will
be sung by W. Ogilvie: "Adeste Fideles" will
be rendered by a full chorus; "Sanctus"
and "Agnus Dei." frcm Giorza's first mass.
The choir consists of Miss M. Walsh, Mies
C. Paul'.ssfn. Miss M. R. Thiel. Mrs. A. Kln
sey. Miss T. Vahey, sopranos: MJss L.. Vlan
tln, Miss C Stevens, altos; W. Ogilvie, tenor:
Arthur Jones, bass. Miss M. Schaefer will
preside at the orcan.
Vespers will commence at 7:30 o'clock. The
sermon will be delivered by the pastor. Rev.
T. Caraher. who has celebrated mass In Beth
lehem on Christmas day.
St. Francis.
Th» services at Corpus Christi Church will
consist of high mass at 5:3o a. m. ; low masses
at 0:30. 7:3t» and 8:3") a. m. ; and solemn high
mass at 10:30 a. m.. at which the Rev. Father
Borghino (superior of the Salecian Order) will
preach.
The following will compose the choir: ''So
pranos — Mrs. G. Napolecne. Misses C. Doran,
M. Fitzgerald J Cherrie R Loveland; altos —
Mif^es G. Delzell. R. Pistoltsl; tenor— A. I.ut
tringer; basses — Messrs. E. Cereghino. J. Me-
Cullough. Dr. Torello F. Simpkin will ren
der special music. Vespers and benediction
at T:.':0 p. m. Signor G. Napoleone will render
the "O SalutariF."
Corpus Christ!.
St. Dominic's.
St. Dominic's Church, the Very Rev. P.
Murphy rector. Musical programme : High
mass at 11 o'clock; "Asperges Me" (Dettrier);
"Kyrie." "Gloria in Excelsis." "C^edo,"
"Sanctus," "Benedictus" and "Agnes Del,"
from Hummel's Grand Ma^s in E flat; se
quence. "Adeste Fideles"; offertory. "Jesu
Hedemptor omnium" (Stewart). Soloists —
Miss Camille Frank, soprano; Miss Ella V.
McClo+key. contralto; Messrs. T. G. Elliott
and Arthur Me.«n:er. tenors: C. B. Stone, bass.
L>r. H. J. Stewart, organist and director of
the choSr.
"Adeste ndeles" ; at recesajonal. "Halleluja,"
from "Mount of Olives" (Bcethotipn). Soloists,
Miss Mal-.i Quatman, Miss Julia Sullivan,
George Keane, S. J. Sandy, augmented by cho
rus and orchestra. R. J. Harrison, organist.
(Adam): at offertory.
At gradual
St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness aver.ue —
The first mats wltl be at 5 o'clock, with music
by Cathedral Male Choir. At 11 o'clock there
Will be solemn pontifical mass and the papal
benediction. Christmas evening at S o'clock
there will be solemn vespers and benediction.
The fermon at mass will be by the Rev. Jerome
B. Hannigan, and at vespers by Rev. Charlea
A. Kamm.
The musical part of the service at the Ca
thedral will be as follows:
St. Mary's Cathedral.
3. George Gibson pastor— 11 a. ra. Organ,
"Wor March of the Priests," Hendelsshon;
hymn. "Joy to the World," No. 5; Invocation;
chorus, "Hall Him." I>owdln: Scripture read
ing. Matthew li, 1-10; "Gloria Patri" ;
thcrus. "O Sing for Joy," Pullin;
prayer and I^oru'n Prayer chanted by con
gregation; offertory. "'March In C," Bach;
liarvtone solo. "Behold Your King," Meredith;
permon by the pastor; chorus, 'God With
1's," l^erman: benediction; recessional, "March
of Wise Men." Deane.
Multitudes Will
Acclaim the
Savior.
Golden Gate Park Band
The Golden Gate Park band will dis
course the following specially arranged
Christmas day programme under th<?
direction of Paul Steindorf:
PAP.T I.
"Star-Spangled Banner"
The audience Is requested to arl.<« •
and remain standing during the rendi
tion of tlils number.
March. "Drummer Hoy of "!(?' Ellis
Overture* "Felsenmuhla" Relsstger
Waltz. "Pofctllllon" Fahrbach
Sacred song. "There la a Green Hill Far
Away" Gounod
Grand "American Fantasie".... Victor Herbert
PART II.
Overture. "Stabat Mater" ..." Rossini
Minuet Paderewski
Selection. "Robin Hood".. DeKoven
Caprice. "'Awakening of the Lton"..De KonskJ
'"Priests' War March" Meadelssoha
"America."
Generous Deeds
Assure Poor
a Feast.
dy and fruit, will be a tempting feature
far the little ones.
The army is desirous of thanking the
citizens of San Francisco for their
hearty response to its appeal, which
has made the dinner possible.
Emmanuel Baptist.
Emmanuel BaDtfst Church. Bartlett street,
betwjeea Twenty-ecccnd and Twenty-third, Rev.
Christmas day service will begin at the
Church of tr-e Advent. Eleventh street, at 11
• .'clock. Rev. Herbert Parrislj is -the rector
l.'nueusl preparation* have been made for the
HiUrtfl portion of th» service, which will be
rendered by the regular choir of the ohurch
Charles Henley and Frank Onslow taking the
tenor solos, while Arthur Cunningham will
? ing "Noel." The ntw orzan recently In
stalled in the church will be nreslded nv*>r
by John de P. Teller, who will play a prelude
and postlude, a. nastorale by Caesar Franck
and "March Pontifical*." by Ferdinand de la
Torr.belle.
Churcli of the Advent.
"Mache dlrh auf" (by Palmer); "Du Hirte
Israels" «by Klein); "O hel'ge Nacht" (by
Mat-on); "Erwach ru Liedern der Wonne "
soprano "eolo. iirr. Blanckenburg (Handel)
"Dann tut das Auge de« Blinden." reclta
tivo. Mrs. Blanckenburg (JIiAidel); "Er weidet
wine Herde." <J-Jpt. Mrs. Blanckenburz and
Mrs. Price (Handel): "Es waren Klrt»n auf
drm Felde." recitatlvo. Mrs. J'^.nrk'-nliurg
iHandfl): "Ehre tel Gott," chorus (Handel)
"Es 1st eln' Ros' entsprungen." Old German'
"Das in Je cewlfslJch wahr," trotct (by
Mundt. arranged by E. Werner).
Pt. Marks ChurO, on O'Farrell street, near
Franklin. Rev. j F^r^eDng pa*tor has pre
pared a programme t-> make the Christmas
fenices this year of a ifrcrtpt'on «iinllar to
lho*e observed in Germany.
This is probably the only cb\iy<M in the
i'nited States where thr venerable, tolcmn
• "nrittmas tunes, so well known to every Ger
ir.an. will be heord in their original mlddle
agp form.
"The Meesiah." which refers to the birth
nf the Saxior. will be rendered, thus arousing
en interest not only In religious and musical
but also in historical regard.
The regular choir. consisting of Mrs
l?:anckcnburr. Vrs. Price. Mr. Horetmann and
Mr. Wenclt wi!l be augmented by Mrs Dan
liauei. Mrs. Parent. Mr. Williams and Mr
Hutchins and the Junior Choir. Johannes C
Ralth. organist snd choirmaster. The mu
sical service, which will begin at 10:30. will
be as follows:
. TH* Eight Rev. William Ford Nichols*
Ja*»hop r>p California, will deliver a sermon at
the 11 o>^Qek eer\-iee this morning at the Ca
thedral Mission of the Good Samaritan. Sec
ond street ji'tr Folsom. Exceptional arrange
ment* hat-* Nrr made for the musical service
by the fu'.l vested chofr. The Cathedral Mis*
fion has berfc elaborately decorated.
Ht. Mark's.
Cathedral Mission.
St. Stephen'* Church. Fulton street, near
Fillmore — Early <ommnnicn at S o'clock: ser
tr.on by the Rev. Krnest Dradiry. the rector,
and holy communion at 11 o'clock. The fol
lowing music will be rendered by the cho'r
under the leadership <;f Martin Schultz:
Processional hvmn. "O Come. All Ye Faith
ful": anthem. "Arise and Shine" <M'ker)'
••Kyrie FJeison" and Gloria T!bi" in C
(Tours); Creed in C (Tour?»; hyrnn. "Hark, the
Herald Angels"; offertory. duet, "Noel"
(Grant): "Surmiin Corda" in C; Sanctus in A
fat /Tours); "Benedictus qui Venit" !n E
fiat (Hall); hymn. "Eread of the World": "Ag
nuf^Dei" in E flat (Hail); "Gloria In Excel
sis Deo" (Schilling): "Nunc DimltUs" In G
• Ha.ll): recessional hjir.n. "Angels From the
,Re.«Jtrss of Glory."
St. Stephen's.
fct. Paul * Church, California street, near
F'.I'mcre. Rev. M. J. RcUly rector— Holy
oon2S3un!on, « :30 a. m.: morning pravfr, ser
mon and «econd celebration. 11 a. m • i>ro
-?sslonal fcymn. 49. "Aoeste Fideles": Venite
' Randal;); Te Deum tn F (Smart); Jubilate
jAldrlch); Introit, "Calm on the Listening
Ear": hymn Cl, "Hark th* Herald Angeis
ting"; offertory. "•Come AH Ye Faithful" (Xo
vello); recessional. CO. "Angels from the
Realms of GJory" (Smart).
J. Haraden Pratt, orgar.ist and choirmaster.
St. Paul's Episcopal.
At St. Luk»? Church. Van Ness avenue and
• 'lay EtTCCt, Rev. Burr M. Weeden rector,
th^r* •will be three fervices: celebration of tl.e
boljr communion at S er.d 9:30 a. m.. and
morning prayer and holy communion at 11 a.
m. At the 11 o'clock service '.he music will be
as follower Processional. "O Come. All Ye
Faithful" <Refi<iing»: \>nlte. Anglican chant;
T» Deum. .Tubi'ate Deo in F (Smart): Introit —
s-o'.o. "Noel" <Adam). R. H. Hunt: Gloria Tibi
M F (Tours): hymn. ¦'Hark, the Herald Angela
Ping" <Men<ielsschr. ); anthem, ""O Come. Re
deemer of Mankind" (West), solo by Master
Harold Forman; Panctus. Agnus Del, Gloria In
Excels:* In F (Tours); recessional. "Shout the
Oied Tidings" (Anon.).
• Mp5yiah" Will be sung. Miss Millie Flynn,
Miss Ina Fairweather. N. E. Vlnson and P. J.
Ol«en will be the soloists. Lcuis H. Eaton is
the onr*nlst find director. 2"he Rev. F. W.
O«npett. D. D.. the r«vtor. will deliver a ser
mon at the mcrr.ir.g service.
St. Lute's.
Rev. Robert E. I/ee Craig, minister in
charge. Morning service, 11 a. m. Vested ehoi.
<>* twenty rnale voices. Processional nymn.
'Hark, the Herald Angels Slag" >M»n
d*issohn): opening anthem. ''Hark. What
Mean Those Holy Voices?" (J. Edgar rsirchK
V«ute Gregorian, •'Gloria in Excelsis." "Mess.;
<i» <">rphponlstes"' 'Gounod* ; "T> I>un" In F
• Thomas G. Fliepsrdl: "Jubilate" <Gilchris?> in
A flat; ir.troit. "Adest^ Fideles" (Heading):
"Kyrie" /iBari-p?t> In «:; offertory, ''Behold. 1
Kring You Good Tidings" (Frank Lyn~s=):
"Sanctus"' (Gilbert I in I? Tat: "Agnus IJei"
•Gounod); '"Gloria in Excels!* Deo" ; old >~hint.
"Nunc DirrJttisV (Blow); recessional, "Angels
Krnrn the Realms of Glory" <Smart»: postlude,
¦ Pastoral Symphony" 'Handel). Oioristers —
First tenors, C. Goetting. W. E. Smith. Fred
r'ur.iy. \V. W. T. Hewitt. H.. Lons'otham;
sfcend tenors, J. \'. Tressider. F. Younc K.
Trusscn. J. Thi«»s. I». M. Roberts: bary
tti^s. P. HomT Henley, Harry Fossen, J. E.
Hiradcr: second b«Fsn«. t"harles Parent. George
H. Hooke. L F. Moore. E. T. Hewitt. W. H.
Roberts. Cro«sbearer. Frank O*bourn. Organist
and choirmaster, Wiyiam H. Holt.
Trinity.
The music frr the Chnftma? day services at
Trinity Church. Busii and Gough street*, will
t>* t>v American rom|io»fn>. ns follows: Festi
i«l T* Deurn and I>»T.<-di(.-tus in G. by Dudley
Ruck: anthem. "O Zion That Bringeth Good
TirJtr.gs." by Arthur Foote. snd the Communion
Sr-r\ k-e in A. by Arthur Whiting.
"n Sunday evening the first part of Handel's
Grace Kpiscopal.
Together with the welcomed jingling
of the moneys of the charitable will
be the joyous ringing of beils of
churches and the triumphant choruses
<>f great bodies of choristers, Joined
with gTand melodies from organs and
silver tones of trumpet.
Every church wherein the song feast
shall be heard has augmented its choir
that the greatest religious songs of the
old and new masters may be given in
a manner befitting the occasion.
Following are "the church pro
grammes for io-day:
In every land where the Christian
abides there will be songs of joy and
also devout worship, and nowhere will
there be heard more beautiful outpour
ings of harmony than here, in the
metropolis by the Golden Gate.
Churches here have been decorated
as never before, and money has benn
given freely for relief of those who
would otherwise endure a dismal yule
tide.
If the voices of the church congre
gations and choirs of the world could
be combined "to-day the glorious vibra
tion of hymnal melody would reach to
heaven.
£' r lay tk * w «r]<J In sin r.nd error pining
Till be appeared and the soul felt Its worth.
¦A * fcri " ° r hope, the weary world rejoices
For yonder breaks a new and glorious
rncrn «
O holr r.i E ht! tb* star* are brightly ehininr.
It Is the r.icht of the dear Saviours birth.
Festival of Song
to Reign in
Churches.
_ y
Sacred Temples
Beautifully
Adorned.
Yuletide Brings
Cheerio the
, People.
"Peace on Earth,
Good Will to
Jilt Men."
Sweet Voices Will Sing of Christmas Joy
THE SAX FRANCISto^CALL;_ FRIDAY, DECEMBER \ 25,' 1903.
7
A NEAT LITTLE GIFT
* TO CALL WAST
ADVERTISERS
DO YOU WANT A PRETTY
AND USEFTL L!TTLE
ARTICLE?
If so get one of THE
CALL'S five- foot tape meas-
ures by bringing your little
want ad. to The Call for in-
sertion In the New Year's
edition to be Issued next Sun-
day. Remember that tills
premium is given only to
want advertisers and cannot
be obtained in any other way.The street fighter is, as I have said,
pretty sure to be more or less out of
condition. Nowhere else is flabbiness
and lack of condition so quickly and so
extensively shown as in the muscles,
flesh and tissues about th<V stomach.
at most, will usually broak him thor
oughly of the rushing habit and will
"take all the fight out of him."
"HIP LOCK."
Honor for Officer.
suggestion to portray the forty thousand school children
of the town in vitascope is admirable. Nothing better
could be chosen to illustrate fittingly our aspirations"'
policy, and civilization. The school children of San .
Francisco are its pride. |
An army officer has had an Alaskan
glacier named in recognition of his con
tribution to tli"j geography of that ter
ritory. Some time ago Captain Joseph
S. Herron, Second Cavalry, with two
enlisted men, explored a hitherto tm-
Plans are under way to represent San Francisco at
the , St. Louis Exposition by a splendid series of pho
tographs picturing the city and its life in panorama. The
King Menelik has .met our embassy to his weird
kingdom with protestations of profound friendship and
an assurance that he will be pleased to contribute some
thing of his civilization to the exposition at St. Louis.
If this -wonderful black man, frank and free in the ex
pression of native fraternity, comes to the fair, let us
hope that we will not be compelled to explain to him the
horror ethics / of our strange court of law — that admin
istered by Judge. Lynch.
THE Visalia Times congratulates the people of Tu
lare County upon a rule instituted by Judge Wal
lace in the Superior Court tending to .'cut down the
jury expenses of the county. "Persons who are exempt
from jury duty," remarks the Times, "if they intend to
claim exemption, which is a personal privilege, and
which they may waive, should not be permitted to at
tend court and earn jurors', fees and then claim exemp
tion when the law permits them'to prove their right to
exemption by filling proper affidavits before the day on
which they are summoned to appear. . Under the new
rule of the court, where they have notice of it, they will
be deemed to have .waived their right to exemption
where they do not claim it before the day they are sum
moned to appear."
A considerable amount of money would seem to have
been taken, out of the public funds in Tulare County by
jurors in the way indicated by the Times, and the rule
.was unquestionably directed: at the correction of an
SAVING JURY FEES.
Your boxing and gymnastic training
should arm you with a set cf "sheet
iron" muscies in that part of the body,
which will enable you to withstand
very hard blows on heart, wind and
stomach. But .the chances are that
your street opponent has no Fuch mus
cular armor. Thus a few heavy and
well planted blor.s on his wind will
probably, end the fight. Such a blow
will at cnvrate double him forward
sufficiently for you to send your other
fist to his jaw with a knockjut blow.
mur opponent in a street fight will
vrobably try to come to close quarters
vith you. Prevent this if you can, by
sice-Eteppins. jumping back or by
blocking his rush. If once be his
arms around you or gets hislde your
guard, all your boxing science will not
save you unless you understand a few
tricks whereby to turn the tables on
him.
I trill to-day merely touch lightly on
three of those tricks and wiJl go more
careful!y lnu> them In our next lesson.
In that lesson I will also describe a
number of other "close-quart i»r grips,"
which, if applied properly, should give
you victory over a far stroucer and
larger man than yourself. I will also
In the same lesson teach you how to
What has become of the diamonds of
India? The question is put by the
County Gentleman, who recalls that
nearly all the historical diamonds of
the world came from the Peninsula.
One of the most famous has a history
dating from A. D. 1304, when it was
the property of . th.e Rajah of Malwa.
The "Great Mogul" diamond was found
in the Koller mine, on the Kistna, In
1650. The "OrloTf" diamond was Indian,
though it was purchased in Amster
dam in 1776. It was originally the eye
of an idol in Mysore. The "Regent"
diamond, one of the French national
jewels, came from a Kistna inine. The
last fine diamond found, or acknowl
edged as found, in India was one of 67%
tarats, dug up at Bellars. Now no
stones of any value are ever recorded
as found. • . . '
The Diamonds of India.
One of our fellow citizens, exceptionally versatile and
singularly expert in an industrious pursuit of criminal
ambitions, having served two terms in our penitentiary
and having favored Eastern communities with a like
number of terms, has taken his post-graduate course in
these affairs and wjll be hanged in March. This seems to
be the best opportunity in years for weak-minded men
and strong-minded women to give the public another
disgusting exhibition of maudlin and misplaced sym
pathy.
"TKnOAT AND BACK LOCK."
O blessed town of Bethlehem,
How happy Is thy state!
How blest above all palaces
The stable at thy gate!
For there In manger-cradle
(Oh true the angel word!)
As King enthroned of all the worlds
Reigns Jesus Christ the Lord.
— From the Outlook.
For on this day is born there
Within your little town
A child who Christ the Lord is
Yet wears no earthly crown:
He brmgeth Joy and gladness
To you and all mankind.
Yea, peace on earth and good-will
To men of equal mind.
What music of the heavens —
What magic song of bliss —
What vision of the night-tide —
What mystic light is this?
The silly sheep are blinded, ,
The shepherds in amaze
Stand awestruck, all the hillside
With glory is ablaze!
The angels' joyous chorus
Rings out into the night.
O Gloria in Excelsls! •
Sing praises in the height.
Sing praises, men of Bethlehem, •
Sing praises here below.
For peace on earth and right good-will
He doth on you bestow.
Blessed Bethlehem.
(^ blessed town of Bethlehem
Within thy gray-green shade.
Ringed round with terraced vineyard
And depth of olive glade":
There on thy high green pastures
The shepherds watch the sheep.
The low large moon shines glimmering
O'er all the upland steep.
It was on Christmas eve. Those two",
the boy lover and his girl sweetheart,
sat out there on an old eucalyptus log
under the clear Noel moon and the
steady" shining stars talking together.
Sweeping his hand over toward the
long girdle of sparkling lights which
marked where the great city lay across
the bav. the boy looked up inter her
face and was boastful m his speech.
"Two more years of college, my girl,
and then that great city over there,
which I will conquer for you and for
me. That is the place which must
bring happiness for us both, and I will
get it as surely as you love me. I will
be successful, famous maybe. And then
when we are sitting before our own
yule log on some Christmas eve over
yonder in that circle of lights we can
think of the time when we sat out
here on this- log like any two children
and dreamed for the future which was
to be for us— for us both, my little
girl."
She said nothing, but the bowed head
and the hand reaching out to his was
enough.
\t was upon a Christmas eve again
when the« crowd of men about the
cheery fire in the club were swapping
yarns. "Yes." said one of the fellows,
settling himself down deeper in his
chair with bachelor indolence. "I once
ma' 1 - the rashest promise of my life on
a Christmas eve. I promised a girl to
win this city for her— and she prom
ised to wait for me." .
Promises.
No person in the New York Central
offices at that time took into consider
ation the possibility of William K.
ever having "the chance." His father,
hale and robust, had not yet relin
quished the rresidency of the road.
There was J. H. P.ntter, vice president,
ready to step into William H. Vander
bilt's official shoes, and, furthermore,
there was "Willie K.'s" elder brother,
Cornelius, physically strong, capable,
sedate and plodding, in direct line of
succession to the headship of the house
of Vanderbilt. The young clerk was
scarcely treated with" the respect that
would ordinarily go to a son- of the
then richest man in the world.' He
made no sign of discontent, however,
but went about his duties day after day
with systematic directness. His amia
bility was often mistaken for lack of
spirit, and high-salaried clerks as
sumed to patronize him and now and
then shifted odd jobs of their own upon
his non-protesting shoulders.
Now William K. Vanderbilt has his
desk — a plain, flat-topped mahogany
table — within a few feet of where he
drudged as a boy. Some of the clerks
who patronized him are still there. The
sound of his voice, the shuffle of his
foot, the scratching of his pen com
mand alert attention and eager obeis
ance. A letter or paper accidentally
pushed over the edge of his desk and
dropping on the floor impels even the
highest salaried clerks to an involun
tary movement to pick it up. But the
present head of the house of Vanderbilt
neither requires nor tolerates such ob
sequious attentions. Quiet, courteous
and amiable as when he was a clerk,
he transacts such business as is at
hand without flurry, without aggres
siveness and without noise. But un
fiinchirig authority is there, and all of
the New York Central employes realize
the fact. ' ' "
Suppose that Mr. Vanderbilt detects
a blunder or remlssness in the perform
ance of an Important duty. He sends
for the responsible officer and quietly
remarks: "Mr. /here is a complaint
affecting your department. Please look
into the matter thoroughly and report
the facts to the president." Mr. Van
derbilt probably forgets this conversa
tion at once, but the inexorable routine
of the New York Central system grinds
out the delinquent's fate. The report
must, under the methods that prevail,
be marked "by Mr. V.'s order," ' and
when the facts are sifted by the presi
dent scant mercy is shown to the man
at fault. Appeals for clemency are met
by the stern rejoinder, "This is a mat
ter that Mr. Vanderbilt took up, and I
can do nothing for you." j
Any expressed wish of W. K. Vander
bilt is law in. the New York Central of
fices.. He exercises an autocratic sway
over all of the railroads in the Vander
bilt system. Presidents of the different
lines are simply his unquestioning lieu
tenants, and boards of directors exe
cute his plans with scarcely a com
ment. rfSgjgS
William K. Vanderbilt, the elder, has
been a good worker as well as a good
idler. When he was a boy his grand
father, the commodore, expressed fear
that he would be spoiled by too much
petting and idleness. The sturdy com
modore believed that boys should begin
to support themselves just as soon as
possible. William K. remained in tht
academy at Geneva, Switzerland, until
he was about IS years old, when he was
called home and set at work in the of
fice of the treasurer of the New York
Central. The young man was not
averse to this arrangement and he
never whimpered when his father told
Treasurer Rossiter to "pile plenty of
work on this boy and don't let him feel
that he is any different from any other
clerk."
Noting tha fact, recently announced,
that young W. K. Vanderbilt Jr. had
been assigned a desk in the financial
department cf the New. York Central
Railroad with the object of teaching
him something about the railroad busi
ness, a veteran officer of the Central
said: "Well, if this young man is like
his father he will turn out some good
work before he is through."
(Formtr Railroad Kditor Xew York Times and
New York Sun.)
(Copyright. IDC'.";, by Joseph B. Bowles.)
BY KAKL D. BERRY.
Vandcrhilt a Worker.
forward with your hip as a., lever, press
his head backward with your right
hand. , In this way he is bound to fall.
"CHANCERY AND HIP THROW."
THE characteristic American "hurry up" works out
in the number of lives lost and of people wounded
in the operation of our railways.- For these, grade
crossings bear a large part of the responsibility, and the
rest is charged off to the carelessness caused by railway
operators becoming so accustomed to risk and danger
that they get off guard.,
The relative number of accidents to travelers is not
so much out of proportion to those on European rail
ways as appears by the statistics, "Because our Ameri
can roads carry more passengers per train mile. We
lately had something to say about the impolicy of sacri
ficing safety to speed on the bay ferries from San Fran
cisco. But those who travel do not always think of the
risk, and unless some one thinks for them no thought is
given to the subject. The American rush demands
speed, and rivals in transportation cater to that demand.
It is true that a certain class of railway accidents are not
increased by speed. Given a clear and perfect track and
sound machinery, and a train is as safe at sixty as at
thirty miles per hour. But no eye can see the inside of a
steel rail, nor detect a flaw in the most perfectly an
nealed v wheel. and when a' rail breaks or a wheel col
lapses the destruction is far greater on a high than on
a low speed train.
The report of . the Secretary for Internal Affairs of
Pennsylvania shows' the deaths in that State for the year
on steam and street to be 227, and the non
fatal accidents to be 3050. On the steam roads of the
State 41 passengers were killed, and 1727 were injured.
When the number of passengers hauled one mile on the
steam roads- is taken into account, the number of deaths
is, a low percentage of the total.
It is quite remarkable that the street railways killed 2t
employes and iS^ other persons, including passengers
and those run over on the street. It will cause general
surprise and some apprehension, that the street railroads
kill more people than the steam roads. 1
The steam roads of the country are improving their
accident record since air brakes and safety couplings
were/applied to freight trains. This greatly reduces the
coupling accidents, and the air brakes are found to re
duce collisions by putting- the whole train under quicker
control of the. engineer. Westinghouse is probably the
greatest benefactor of railway travel in the world. His
air brakes not only put trains in the control of the en
gineer, but each car, by. its individual air apparatus, is
controllable by the conductor, the brakeman or the pas
sengers. If this individual air brake had been known and
used the awful accident at Tehachapi, in 1883, could
not have happened. It is especially on our mountain
lines that the air brake adds to safety of operation, for
which all travelers on this coast should be thankful.
One further safety appliance more is in sight, that will
probably soon be made legally" compulsory on all pas
senger trains. The old oil lamps were sure to fire a
train that was derailed, Gas is safer, but not entirely
safe. Electricity is absolutely safe in that, respect. When
a train is derailed the electric lights are cut off by stop
page of the dynamo and breaking of the wires. As law
compelled the use of the safety coupler and air brakes
on freight trains, it can also compel all roads to do what
most of them have done voluntarily, by lighting their
trains with electricity. All 'of the great. American sys
tems have made use of the profits and credit gained by
the prosperity of the last seven years in the physical
improvement of their lines,, reduction of curvature and
doubling .of tracks. All of these make travel safer by
reducing risk, and the corporations could not have made
better use of their profits.
RAILWAY ' ACCIDENTS.
Oakland Judges are hot upon the trail of the opera
tors of money-paying nickel-in-the-slot machines, and
punishment follows swiftly upon detection to the own
ers of these larcenous devices.. Our own police and
Judges might go into executive session oh this subject
and do # the public a distinct service by protecting our
youth from a temptation in which they .cannot have d
possible success.
In a Street Fight.
BY ALBERT PAT8ON TERHUNE.
(Athletic Expert Npw York ICvrnlni? World.
Author of ""Muscle Building," etc.)
(Coryrisht. 1903. by Joseph B. Bowles.)
What I said about fighting as long as
you can stand in a street biawl does
not, of course, apply to a cas«» where
a half-dozen men attack you at once.
Don't be ai-hamed in an event like that
to run for your life. Retreat, against
those odds, is not cowardice. One man
or boy cannot usually (unless he is a
dime novrl hero) put a whoie £ang to
fliffht. If a crowd of toughs attacks
you escape as quickly as you possibly
can. If cornered, fight of course, but
take the first chance to get away.
The«e points are. therefore, for use
when the odds against you are not
hnpelefs.
The stre?t fighter will, as a rule, try
to rush you. His rushes will be clumsy.
If you are not able to keep him on the
defensive by constantly attacking him
take advantage of his clumsiness of
rushing by bringing into use what I
have taught you about side stepping.
Avoid his rush and, before he can re
cover, land a heavy blow on his neck
or jaw. following it up with attack
that will delay his recovery to posi
tion and aggressiveness.
A very few experiences of that sort.
PERHAPS the objection of the very strait Jaced
Puritans of England to Christmas was more be
cause it was a merry Christmas than because it
had significance in theological disputes and matters of
discipline and % doctrine. The day itself, located near the
winter solstice, had its real origin in human nature. The
shortest day of the year had passed, and the world was
getting each day more sunshine and less shadow, and
spring was coming and the w6rld was glad and wanted
to make merry.
" Let- it not be supposed that they, of what we call the
Pagan world, were unaware of the value of utilizing for
the purposes of religion the natural impulses and un
studied purposes o"f the human heart. The students of
the natnreof man, who' were in the world before history
had used a pen, adapted the great physical facts that
commanded the attention of all, for use in the civil and'
religious control of the people/ So "they used solstice
and equinox) and in all of the old .mythologies, Oriental
and Northern, the/e was the -equivalent of our Christ
mas, and fixed at about the same date. ;
Centuries after Christ, and after all trace or possibility
of proving either the place or the date of his nativity
had passed away, this same philosophical study, of the
inherent sentiments of humanity took the use of the
winter solstice from the Pagan world; allied it to the
nativity and preserved its use and purpose. ,By this
transition surely the gladness of the day was added to
rather than detracted from, for Christ, omitting all dog
matic discussion of his divinity, brought into the world
the means of merriment and of gladness .unspeakable, by
opening the door of hope to the race.
He lived in a bad time for gladness, and among a peo
ple who had little cause for. merriment, nor had the
world anywhere much more. It took a long time after
he had gone for the nations to feel the effect of the up
lift, of which he was the impulse. We are often told of*
what he would do if he were on earth now. One has
told us how he would run a newspaper, another how he
would run a store, or a manufactory, or a railroad, and
what he would do if he were Ma'yor- of a city or a mem
ber of its Council. These speculations are all for the pur
pose of condemning the age in which we live, and im
peaching it of wide departure from his precept and ex
ample. • t
One thing is sure, if he were here he -would probably
find it impossible to be a church member, because he
would be surprised that they all depend "upon creeds or
forms or rituals that would be a greater wonder to him
than electricity, railroads and photography. But he
would find springing from all the churches, and firmly
fixed among those who are of no 'church, certain great
ethical principles to which he would be no stranger, for
he taught them. In his time the lack of care for the sick
poor was described accurately. Only a dog was found to
lick the sores of -Lazarus. Now throughout Christen
dom he would find splendid hospitals, equipped with all
the resources of science, in which the poorest, sickest
and most forlorn have help and medicine that were not
within the reach of Caesar himself. All this instead of
the dog licking the sores of Lazarus. .
He emphasized the spirit of religious exclusivcness' in
the priest and the Levite that passed by on the other
side. Now he would find in every, great city hospital re
lief, that pours wine and oil into the wounds of human
ity and binds them up, regardless of their faith. In
London he would find a hospital endowed with millions,
given bv Sir Jamsetjee Jejeebhoy, a Parsee millionaire
of Bombay, a fire worshiper, a follower of Zoroaster,
and everywhere creches and hospitals endowed by
Jews for the use of Gentiles and of all people. Lazarus
no longer has to seek, the dogs to lick his sores, and the
haughty spirit of the priest and the exclusiveness of the
Levite are gone out of *the human heart utterly.
So, Jesus looking 'upon these things would* marvel
much and be merry this or any Christmas, that the
world has so much improved in its humanity and quality
of mercy since those hard Judean and Roman days. It
is probable, too, that he would have to be told that this*
vast move upward into a clearer understanding of the
fellowship of man is due entirely to words that he ut
tered and simple duties that he taught to an age that
hardened its ear against him." His aversion to our
churches would be mitigated when he learned that with
all their tiresome disputes about doctrines that he never,
thought of. and rituals and ceremonies which he re
buked in the Jews, still they all have taught!, peace on
earth and good will toward men, and love thy neighbor
as thyself, and out of that has grown hospital, kinder
garten, school, charity and all the splendid expressions
of humanity which emphasize the brotherhood of man.
True, there are slums in our great cities and a sub
merged million, drowning in moral and physical dark
ness. But in his day the world was all slum and the race
paddled and waded in its mire unconscious of anything
better, and so lost that it did not recognize the voice of
the deliverer. These results in this life and in this
world make it a merry Christmas, and not the* profes
sional or prophetic promise of sumptuous scenery, and
music and splendid idleness in a world to come, about
which no man knows anything. It, is a splendid mirage,
inspiring and helpful, but a mirage.
This world, the life of man to-day, the improved graces
of the human heart, the brotherhood of man, are the
great miracles wrought by Jesus, that so far outshine the
ascriptions of superstitution and zeal as to disuse en
tirely the miracles of the synoptics. ' So the Christmas
season, that was before history, has gained in glory by
association with the nativity and has gained in gladness
because it may now celebrate the progress 1 of man under
the ethics of Jesus. %
gomery street, was a silent man. No-
knew whence he came nor what
his name was. Only rarely could he
be seen speeding along the street In
his peculiar jerky gait jjtnd with his
gray whiskers flying back over the
shoulders of his seedy green coat. He
spent -most of the day up in the long
room of a certain old building arranging
and rearranging the countless musty
volumes of an old library which was
stored there. He slept with the books:
a little pallet over near the window
over the poultry market and a rickety
table composed the oasis in this sea
of dingy books.
Upstairs in one of the studios they
were having a Christmas eve jinks.
With dances, frolics with the dummy
figures of the artist and blithe music
from the guitars and the* banjos the
evening was slipping swiftly by, when
some one proposed the health of "Old
Dundreary" in a glass of mulled port.
Instantly It was tossed off, and then
came the Quick suggestion that they
have the silent old recluse up to usher
in the Christmas morn. Two of the
girls and a man tiptoed down the dark
stairs to the door of the old gentle
man's room. There they halted, for
they heard the uncertain notes of a fid
dle coming, muffled with the leaden
weight of that all surrounding sea of
musty books.
With many suppressed giggles, a
stepladder was fetched, from a dark
corner near the janitor's room and the
three eavesdroppers clambered up to
get a peep through the dusty transom.
There sat "Old Dundreary" before the
flickering light of a few coals in the
grate. His brown old fiddle was be
neath his chin and his eyes were closed
as if to catch and hold the memories
of years past. And to the wavering
squeak of the old fiddle he was piping
in his broken tenor: «
"While shepherds watched their flocks
by night.
All seated on the ground,
The angel of the Lord came down
And glory shone around."
"Old Dundreary," as they called him
down around the lower end of Mont-
Memories.
foil other "fouls" dear to the heart of
the street fighter.
The three "holds" I will touch on to
day are the "hip lock," the ."throat and
back lock" and the "chancery and hip
throw."
The "hip lock," briefly, is worked as
follows: When your opponent leads
with his. left, duck' to the side far
enough to avoid his blow; st?p in with
the left till your left hip Is just behind
his left hip. As you step in throw
your left arm about his waist from
in front and catch him under the chin
with your right. Using your left hip
as a lever, press forward ,ond throw
him backward- over your hlj> to the
ground. As you start to bend sharply
abuse. Indeed the says: "Sometimes oearly so
per, cent avoid jury duty by reason of excuses and ex
emptions. Under the new order of court a great ex
pense may be saved the county by those having good
excuses making a showing of their rights to.be excused
before the day they; are summoned to appear. If they
are present in Visalia before the day of trial they may
appear before the court and make their- excuses; if ab
sent they may send affidavits or medical . certificates.
This would entail upon them but a trifling inconvenience
and expense, while the attendance of every juror who is
exempt on the day of trial costs the county on the ave
rage between four and five dollars."
Practices of the sort. mentioned by the Times may
exist in other counties in California. , T» : :sibly the mat
ter is worth looking up. Judge Wallace fias also deter
mined, says the Times, that hereafter jurors will be ex
cused only when, in strict accordance with the rules of
exemption provided by the law, the property of the
juror or property of another intrusted/ to him will be
threatened with material" injury or destruction by rea
son of his detention as a juror, or when his health or
the sickness or death of a member of his family requires
his absence from court. t
A MERRY CHRISTMAS.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen" s). r» Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1043. •
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles. 50c a pound. In artistic fire-^.
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern 1
friends.; 715 Market St.. above Call bldg. •
THE CABINET— E. , P., City. The
Congressional Directory, issue of No
vember 5, 1903. gives the following
named as the members of President
Roosevelt's Cabinet: Secretary of
State, John Hay; of Treasury. L. M.
Shaw; of War, Elihu Root; Attorney
General, P. C. Knox; Postmaster Gen
eral. H. C. Payne; Secretary of Navy.
.W. H. Moody; Interior, E. A. Hitch
cock; Agriculture, James Wilson, and
Commerce and Labor. G. li. Cortelyou.
Melville W. Fuller is the Chief Jus
tice of the United States Supreme
Court. As the letter of inquiry does
not give the locality (ym which' the
names of Representatives are desired
the Question cannot be answered.
CALIFORNIA'S ADMISSION— F. J.
H., Vallejo, Cal. The news of the ad
mission of California into the Union
was brought to San Francisco by the
mail steamer Oregon, which arrlvel
October IS, 1830. The celebration of the
admission was on the 29 Mi of the same
month.
¦ BACK DATES— C. I. S.. City. The
17th of April. 1849, fell on a Tuesday,
and the 3d oZ November, 18S4, on a
Monday. There is a file of old alma
nacs, as far back as- 1882, in the Free
Public Library of San Francisco.
ARGENTINE REPUBLIC— H. N. F.,
Volcano, Cal. The residence of William
f>. Lord, whountil recently was United
States Minister to the Argentine repub
lic, is Salem, Or. t
Answers to Queries.
The Danish Government has prev»
posed a law empowering all Danish
citizens to change their names- The
reason for this measure is that in Den
mark, as in the Transvaal, there aro
not enough names to go round. In
Copenhagen, it appears, one person in
every ten is called Hansen, and equal
proportions of the inhabitants, are
called Petersen and Sorensen respect
ively. In the rural districts things are
as bad, if not worse. In one commune
of 26,000 inhabitants, for example,
there are only twenty different names,
so that each name is borne on an av-<
erage by 1300 different persons. In
the circumstances one may even doubt
whether a permissive bill can meet
the necessities of the case, and -wheth-.
er it would not be better to send the
Mayor a list of names, with instruc
tions to distribute them impartially
among the superfluous Sorensens, Pe-«
tersens and Hansens.
Danish Names.
France, Germany, Mexico, England,
China, Japan and Brazil a£re each to
spend over J300.000 on elaborate exhil^
its.
Germany reproduces the Castle of
Charlottenburg. Emperor William pre
pared the plans.
"Galveston Flood," a Pike feature,
shows the effects of the great storm
and the restoration.
Washington's headquarters at Mor*
ristown for New Jersey building.
Largest pipe organ ever built, US
stops; pipes five feet in diameter.
General Grant'3 cabin in St. Louia
County erected at exposition.
Hospital perfectly equipped with sur
geons, physicians and nurses.
Water in lagoon system passes
through the pumps every five hours.
Washington University buildings,
cost $1,000,000, used by exposition.
Wide waterways beautify the main
picture for gondolas and small craft.
California* State building la a repHca
of the old Santa Barbara Mission.
Temple of Fraternity. 200 by 300 feet,
headquarters for fraternal orders.
Jerusalem, the Holy City, important
parts of which are faithfully repro
duced.
Rustic house over spring 100 years
old; water raised by old-fashioned well
sweep.
Germany and America have competi
tive exhibits of forestry each five acres
in extent.
Twenty-five best Jersey cows in the
world participate in a dairy demon
stration.
"The Creation," an illusion, under a
dome 130 feet in diameter, a feature of
the Pike.
St. Louis Echoes.
known tract cf country on the west of
the Alaskan range, in the center of the
territory. H« made a map of the coun
try and having been the first explorer
he named the rivers and mountains, one
of the latter features being named for
Senator Foraker of Ohio. Captain— or,
as he was then. Lieutenant— Herron's
work was. published in a pamphlet by
the military information division. The
United States Geological Survey has
now published the result of some explo
rations made by Dr. Alfred H. Brooks
over a part of the country through
which Herron traveled. Dr. Brooks
has named one of the glaciers of
the section Herron glacier for the
army officer, "our predecessor in the
exploration of the upper Kuskokwim
basin." The glacier has unusual geo
logical Importance on account of th'
terminal moraine.
THE SAN FRANCISCb CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1903.
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor 4 ... ? . ? ? ? ... Address All Comm«nications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
,¦¦¦¦—¦-¦¦—¦¦¦¦. .,-¦..,.¦¦¦-'.,.'—¦ 0 _ _ .... in ' " - - - ¦ i -. — — ¦ ¦ A
Publication O"lee <!^^^^^> Third and Market Streets, S.'F.
FRIDAY.... ..........;.......... .:....... ............DECEMBER 25, 1903
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMAN
8Each coupon hais the initials M. & F. on the
face and back of the ticket.
The following are the capital prizes as de
cided by THE BENEFICENCIA PUBLICA
COMPANY of the City of Mexico. December 24.
190C: No. 10114 wins R75OO. sold In San Fran
cisco. Cal; No C1718 wins 12000 sold In San
Fr-ncisco. Ca!.; No. 1416 wins SI 250. sold In
Ban Francisco. Cal.; No». 13725. 152U5, 30281.
Z:><.<*\ and 7CS-59 each win S125. sold In San
Francifco. Cal.
The foUoxrtr.K capital prize* were paid by
the above M. & F. Co. for November 26, 1003:
Truraan B. Wearer, Mountain View, CaJ.,
S7S00; Henry Reysen, 1730 Baker street. Ban
Francisco. Cal.. $1250; James P. Skelly 2SC3
Folitom street. San Francisco, Cal., $1250; Z.
Day. miner, Iowa Hill, Placer County, Cal.,
!€23: Mrs. A. E. Doton. lodginfr-houee, 41 Eddy
rcreet, Saa Francisco, Cal.. *}25. •
Owing to the fact that numerous schemes are
placed before the public from # lime to time, we
•would respectfully call the attention 'of pur
chaser* of ticket* to buy only from responsible
&ffcr.tc end to *ee that their tickets read as fol
low* :
THE OP.1GINAL LITTLE BENEFICENCIA
PUBLICA COMPANY OF BAN FRANCIS
CO. ORGANIZED SEPTEMBER, 1S33.
The Original Little Bcncflcencia Pub
llca Company of San Francisco.
Organized September. 1893.
SPECIAL NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
All prizes of this company are paid in full
immediately on presentation at the office of the
company in San Francisco.
JlO.Ot'O reward will be paid to any person who
has ever presented one of cur prizes at our of
fice and vrtLt refused | ayment. •
Following are the capital prizes as decided
by 'th« Ileneficencla Publics. Company. Thurs
day. December 24. 1903: No. 10114 wlns^STOOO,
eoM in Taylor. Cal.: No. O171C wins $2T>00. nold
in San Francisco. Cal.: No. 141«i wins *1--V',
sol'J in 1'crtland, Or.: Nos. 13725. 15205. 302S1,
5:t(M and 7<:vs:» each win $125. sold in Los An
gelc-is Maryfville. IteJ Bluff and Stockton. Cal.
This company paid to Harry A. Green. 323
Pino «r«H?t. San Francisco, and Manuel Holz.
4S3 McAllister street. San Francisco. $750O for
whole ticket 43S31, dated November 26, 1003.
To William Lewis. 18 First street, San Fran
cisco, for client in Portland, Or.. $C25, for one
half ticket No. 45S03. same date.
ORCAXIZD MAY. 1900.
• TO THE PUBLIC 1 .: BEWARE OF COUN
TERFEITS'.! All genuine tickets of this com
pany have initials "R. G. Co." en faces and
monogram "R. G. C." on backs thereof.
The Beneficencia Company of Snn
Francisco.
A peculiar business transaction was
recorded at Lebanon recently when
Grocer John Light transferred to
Baker 'William A. Garrett a flfte^n
acre farm in Berks County for a con
sideration of 7000 loaves of bread.
The bread is to be delivered in quan
tities such as may be needed to supply
the daily demand of patrons at Grocer
Light's store.— Philadelphia Record.
A Curious Excliange.
Only a few years ago we used to
hear vague whispers from the seats
of learning of the gentler sex about
secret athletics and wonderful feats
slyly performed. To-day common
sense ruleSj and our young ladies have
their regular athletic meetings and
play thgir interschool matches at suit
able games very much in the fashion
of their brothers.' Now, what will be
the result of these sweeping changes?
Speaking as an ex-athlete who has en
joyed ample facilities for observing'
the effects of judicious exercise upon
school fellows. I unhesitatingly say
that the exercises and games now so
eagerly followed by women cannot
fall to be productive of great and last
ing good. The benefits of scientific
training 1 of the muscles are well-nigrh
invaluable, the possible . evils so few
as to be unimportant. In these days
the importance of a sound mind and
.a healthy body can hardly be over
estimated, and only a deeply preju
diced person dare say that a vigorous,
healthy outdoor girl is not the queen
of her sex. That we, to-day, have so
many of them is a blessing, the real
worth of which will surely be proved
later on. The outdoor girl of to-day
Is to be the mother of a race, of Btal
warts of the future, so surely as the
race Is to be perpetuated. ,
Woman's place in sport is right be
side her brother. Should she, in some
particular branch of it, move slightly
ahead, or fall a trifle behind, it mat
ters not so long as she keeps In touch.
Then her magical influence will re- !
fine and elevate without detracting
from the value of his favorite pas
times, while she in return will learn
many delightful thing? and find that
priceless reward of outdoor -folk—^-ro- i
bust health. — Illustrated Sporting
News.
Woman's Proper Place in Sport.
To Mill Valley. Mount Tamalpala, Ross Val
| ley or San Rafael via Sausolito Ferry and the
new third rail electric road. Ferry departs at
,7:00. S.OO. 9:00. 10:00. 11:00 a. m.. 12:20. 1:45
3:13. 4:16, S:1C, 6:15. 7:00. 8:45. 10:20 and
11:45 p. .m. Fares for round trip 25c to $190. •
A Holiday Trip.
A Mrs. Overton, who lives near
Gleason, Tenn., went to town the other
day for the purpose of seeing a pas
senger train. She is 90 years old and
has lived within fifteen miles of the
railway nearly all her life, but had
never seen the track up to that time.
On hearing the train approaching she
became very much excited and refused
to go near the track, thinking the train
a great monster capable of doing her
harm if it desired. She returned home
greatly worked up over her adventure.
—New York Commercial.
Conservative Mrs. Overton.
Root has forwarded to the House of
Representatives, through the Treasury
Department, a supplemental estimate
of $2,526,100 for the defenses of the in
sular possessions of the United States.
In his request the Secretary says:
"Defenses for Porto Rico, the Ha
waiian Islands, Guam and the Philip
pines are urgently needed to protect
the newly acquired territory of the
United States and Government prop
erty to be stored there; also to pre
vent interruption of cable communica
tions between San Francisco, the terri
tory of Hawaii and Manila.
"This estimate is submitted with the
object o' beginning the construction
of these defenses at once at such in
sular localities as are now the prop
erty of the United States, or may be
come so before the appropriation is ex
hausted, and of acquiring additional
lands needed as sites for defenses, of
the territory of Hawaii."
An English typewriter company once
made a special machine for Li Hung
Chang. It was necessary to construct
a machine much mere elaborate than
the ordinary instrument, owing to the
strange characters of the Chinese
tongue, and this typewriter was fitted
with 1800 characters, each of which had
to be engraved by hand. Naturally
this wonderful instrument created a
great impression on being introduced
a.l Peking, and it evidently suggested
to the speculative mind of the Chinese
the idea of forming a company for the
sale of Chinese typewriters. One bold
individual went to London with the
project. II<? asserted that it would be
possible to write a kind of Chinese
shorthand with as few as 250 charac
ters (about three times the number
u?ed on the ordinary machine), but
the instrument would be about three
times the usual size, and the price was
to be $5000. In spite of the Chinaman's
conviction that there would be a ready
sale in the Celestial empire, neither the
typewriter firms nor the British capi
talists cared to have anything to do
with so risky a venture. Li Hung
Chang's machine is still probably the
only machine which writes Chinese
characters.— Pittsburg- Press.
The Largest Typewriter.
Secretary Root Asks for Ap
propriation to Be Used in
. the Construction of Defenses
PLANS ISLAND
FORTIFICATIONS
From the diary of Thomas "Creevey,
who lived in England during the early
part 01 last century, the following is
quoted: "Lady Wilton sent over yes
terday from Knowsley to say that the
loco motive machine was to be upon
the railway at such a place at 12
o'clock for the Knowsley party to ride
in if they liked, and Inviting this house
to be of the party. So, of course, we
were at our post in three carriages,
and some horsemen, at the hour ap
pointed. I had the satisfaction, for I
can't call it a pleasure, of taking a trip
of five miles in it, which we did in
Just a quarter of an hour — that is,
twenty miles an hour. As accuracy
upon this subject was mj' great object,
I held my watch in my hand at start
ing and all the time; and as it had a
second hand I knew I could not be de
ceived; and it so turned out there was
not the difference of a second between
the coachee or conductor and myself.
But observe, during these five miles
the machine was occasionally made to
put itself out or go it, and then we
went at the rate of twenty-three miles
an hour, and just with the same ease
as to motion or absence of friction as
the other normal pace. But the quick
est motion is to me frightful; it is real
ly flying, and it Is impossible to divest
yourself of the notion of instant death
to all upon the least accident happen
ing." — Chicago News.
Early Days of Railroading:.
International Oil Trust to
Regulate Sales in the United
States, Austria and Russfa
BERLIN, Dec. "25.— The Frankfurter
Zeitung says that* an international pe
troleum pool has been arranged be
tween the United States, Austrian and
Russian interests. The arrangement
embraces a plan for increasing the ex
port of Galician oil to Germany.
The Austrian cartel has secured per
mission to ship half- of its surplus of
refined oil to Germany, which, under
the agreement, will be taken by the
German-American Petroleum Company*
and the German-Russian Naphtha
Company at 4 marks per hectoliter be
low the current Hamburg quotations.
It is also agreed that the Austrian car
tel can sell half of its remaining sur
plus in the open markets of Germany,
but that it must pay the United States
and Russian companies 25 per cent of
the profits derived therefrom.
Znnardelli's Condition Is Worse.
ROME, Dec. 24.— The condition of
former Premier Zanardelli is growing
worse. He is suffering from acute
anemia.
After glorious weather during the
past week, rain interfered with the
attendance at the midnight Christmas
mass.
LONDON, Dec. 24.— Britain's metrop
olis presents the deserted appearance
usual on the eve of Christmas. King
Edward, Queen Alexandra, the Prince
and Princess of Wales and thr : members
of the court have gone to the country.
Emulating the royal example, the aris
tocratic families, as well as the week
end "trippers" and all sorts and condi
tions of people, have gone to their
country homes, where Christmas will be
celebrated in the old fashioned English
style. There are not many prominent
Americans in London this year. Em
bassador Choate and his family are at
Brocket Hall, Hatfield, Hertfordshire,
where they, will enjoy their Christmas
dinner as the guests of Lord Mount
stephen. John R. Carter, second, sec
retary of the United States Embassy,
remains in London in charge of the
embassy.
Captain Charles H. Stockton, United
States naval attache, and Major John
H. Beacom, the military attache, will
spend their first Christmas in England
at their London homes.
One of the interesting features cf the
present season is the enormous quan
tity of American and Canadian apples
now in evidence. These appl?a are so
plentiful that they afe used as window
decorations. Owing to the scarcity of
the European crop this American
product has been imported in unprece
dented quantities.
ROME, Dec. 24. — Christmas eve in
Rome was spent in the gayest man
ner. The whole town was given up
to the most sumptuous of fish din
ners, the fish consumed aggregating
200,000 pounds. The Pope received
fifty pounds of fish from Venice as a
present from his former parish.
At the Quirinal everybody was busy
preparing the many presents which
the King and Queen, the Queen
mother and the royal Princes sent to
the little Princesses.
"After Bellairs left Havana ugly ru
mors about him began to be circulated.
They came almost entirely from a num
ber of men who did not like him, and
on investigation nothing definite was
found. I heard from him very seldom.
Finally some one published what pur
ported to be a story of Bellairs' past,
and pointed out that he was my partic
ular friend, that I sent him to China,
that his attitude toward the civil gov
ernment was at my suggestion and that
I was working to relieve Taft, etc., con
clusions as false as they are childish
and silly. Who started the thing no one
knows, but doubtless some of the peo
ple I had to handle without gloves dur
ing my stay in Cuba. It was i far
fetched and dishonest and intended to
create trouble.
"This is the whole story. Bellairs was
in no way specially intimate with me
or my family— that is to say, I do not
think that in all his Cuban service he
was at my table more than three or at
most four times. I saw him daily, as I
did the Sun man, and gave them such
news as I could. They were treated ex
actly alike."
NEW YORK, Dec. 24.— The Commer
cial Advertiser to-day prints a letter
signed by General Leonard Wood and
addressed to Dr. Horace Fletcher of
Yale University, in which the writer
tells of his acquaintance with Edgar G.
Bellairs. In the letter, which was writ
ten at Cairo on May 12 last. General
Wood, referring to Bellairs, said:
"In the spring of 1S99 he was pro
moted to' Havana (from Santiago), not
at my request or suggestion, direct or
indirect, as I remember it. He asked
absolutely no favors of me, or so far as
I know from any one. After my trans
fer to Havana as Governor of the whole
island, in December, 1899, Bellairs con
tinued on duty I should say about five
months, and was then sent to China
and the Philippines — not at my sugges
tion or request, directly or Indirectly.
I was sorry to have him go, as we all
liked him and found him reliable. In
the Philippines Bellairs was a believer
in military government Instead of civil,
and apparently wrote accordingly, and,
of course, trouble with the civil govern
ment in the way of loss of friendly re
lations followed.
COMBINE GRIPS
THREE NATIONS
LTNCHBURG, Va., Dec. 24.— A suit
in equity has been instituted in the
United States Court ; to subject the
stock of the Norfolk and Western Rail
way Company, standing in the name of
L. Laflln Kellogg of New York, who is
alleged to be in reality the attorney
for and trustee of Benjamin D. Green,
"a citizen of Connecticut* temporarily
residing in the city of Quebec," to the
payment of demands alleged to be due
the Government of the United States.
The allegation is that O. M. Carter,
M. Carter, Benjamin • D. Green and
John F. Gaynor conspired to defraud
and did defraud the United States, and
that a portion of Green's share of the
spoils was invested In the name of Kel
logg in 400 shares of common stock of
the Norfolk and Western Railway
Company.
The object of the suit is to enjoin the
transfer of the stock and to sequestrate
it for the benefit of the Government. A
temporary injunction has been
granted. ' \
NEW YORK, Dec. 24.— In spite of
successive legal complications, a small
storm of public protest and some enor
mous practical difficulties, Richard
Wagner's sacred music drama, "Parsi
fal" was produced In the Metropolitan
Opera-house to-night before' an im
ntense audience. The production was
the first performance of the drama out
of Bayreuth.
To give the work the Metropolitan
stage was rebuilt, elaborate mechani
cal appliances and lighting* apparatus
were purchased, and the musical cen
ters of Europex were ransacked to en
gage a corps of experts for every de
partment. To-night's' performance
amounted to a triumph for Director
Conried. In the opinion of every one
who has made the "Parsifal pilgrim
age" to Bayreuth, to-night's perform
ance surpassed all those previously
given.
The audience was brilliant, and
many persons came from Boston, Phil
adelphia, Washington, Baltimore, Chi
cago and other cities.
The performance was begun at 5
o'clock, the opening of the drama and
that of each of its acts being heralded,
after Bayreuth custom, by trumpeters
on the main staircases. The -first act,
ending at 7 o'clock, was followed by a
recess for dinner. The performance
was resumed at 8:45 o'clock and con
cluded at 11:30 o'clock. While some
used the long intermission to drive
home, as a rule dinner was taken in
restaurants.
Much annoyance was caused by the
fact that the play began too soon for
evening dress and ended long after
the time for donning evening garb.
The cast at all important points was
strong, three at least of the principal
actors having learned their parts un
der the tutorage of Frau Wagner.
These were Herr Alois Burgstaller as
Parsifal; Frau Milka Ternina as Kun
dry, and Herr Blass as Gurnemanz.
Anton Van Rooy was Amfortas; P. M.
Marcellos, Titurel, and Herr Otto Go
rltz; Klingsor.
Herr Burgstaller made an admira
ble Parsifal. Herr Blass as Gurne
manz was not altogether satisfactory;
His embodiment lacked the exaltation
and the benignity which Scaria and
Wiegand . gave to the part at Bay
reuth. Measured praise must go to
Herr Goritz, for his Klingsor was but
a mild-mannered magician. Van
Rooy's Amfortas was the be3t thing
he has ever done. He pictured admir
ably the wounded King of the Grail
and in the great scene where, forced
to perform his office, he uncovers the
sacred cup, his acting and singing both
arose to a splendid level.
Spoils of the Conspirators Are
Held, It Is Claimed, in Namfc
of a New York Attorney
Press Correspondent, Afterward
Discredited, Is Described^ as
No More Than Acquaintance
Christmas Will Be Celebrated
in Old-Fashioned English
Style by Edward and Court
Herr Burgstaller in Title Role
and Van Rooy as Amfortas
Share First Night's Triumph
BRINGS SUIT TO RECOVER
BUT FEW REMAIN BEHIND
BELLAIRS NOT A PROTEGE
BAYREUTH IS SURPASSED
Government Alleges That Car
ter, Green and Gay nor Are
Owners of Railroad Shares
Emulating the Boyal Example,
Britain's Aristocratic Folks
Go to Their Country Homes
Former Surgeon, in Letter to
a Friend, Replies to the Ac
cusations Made Against Him
Brilliant Audience in New* York
Views Presentation of Wag
ner's Sacred Music Drama
STRONG CAST
IN "PARSIFAL"
Under the direction of the chair
man of the escort committee
the commandery will furnish twen
ty details for the purpose of
meeting visiting commanderies upon
arrival and escorting them to their
headquarters. The commandery will
keep open house during the conclave
at its asylum. Golden Gate Hall. €25
Suttcr street, and will give a general
reception to all the visiting Sir Knights
and their ladies on some evening dur
ing conclave week. The drill corns is j
.fully reorganized, with som* new ac- j
qcteStions infused into the old. sterling,
ranks, which have won fame ar.d glory
for California, and is now In the best
position to make the most creditable '
showing. The commandery has secured ;
the services of an orchestra of forty
five pieces for the entire week, to play
at. the parades and entertainments and
receptions, afternoon? and evenings.
Fur the purpose of defraying- the ex- j
perse of the lavish entertaining the ;
commandery is accumulating a fund '
which v.ill reach fully $2~>.000 before
next September. The following com- j
pds« the executive committee: Chair- i
man, Eminent Sir Joseph C. Campbell; i
vice chairman. Right Eminent Sir F. !
W. Sumner; Eminent Sirs George D. •
Clark, Robert McMillan, R. B. Moore, \
A. J. de Lamare, "v»\ L. Growall, H. C.
Bur.kt-r and George Filmcr.
For the purpose of making the most
creditable showing possible during the
conclave the commandery has been or
ganized into a battalion, with the Right
Kminent Sir Frank W. Sumner as
major, and the following captains of
companies: Eminent Sir William Ed
wards. Eminent Sir Charles L. Field.
Sir Knight George Elmer. Additional
companies will be organized before the
fonclave and captains appointed. An
executive committee has been appoint
ed to take entire charge of the com
mandery's participation in the con
<-lave. That committee met and organ
ized, and is making the most active
preparations for the reception and en
tertainment by the commandery of the
visiting Sir Knights, to sustain Cali
fornia's reputation for hospitality.
TO KEEP OPEV nOUSE.
The current year is one of exceptional
prosperity for California Commandery,
and the greatest in its history for acces
sions to its ranks. Since the present
administration assumed the reins, in
May. 1903, the membership has in
creased by about 150. It v.-as found nec
essary to hold special sessions to confer
tho orders of applicants. The mjjrt
gratifying feature is that so many
young: men have taken orders and aug
mented the ranks of the old sterling
comrr.andery which was organized fifty
years ago.
GOLDEN* GATE OOSIMANDERY.
Almost every one of the 430 members
of Golden Gate Commandery is actively
engaged in promoting the success of
the coming conclave. This is the com
mandery whose famous drill corps won
the prize in the competitive drill at
L«ouisvil!e against the crack drill corps
of the United States.
ceive and greet them at the depot .with
a band of music and escort them, with
mounted Sir Knights and flying col
ors, to their respective headquarters.
California Commcndery has undertaken
to do a large share of the entertaining
during conclave -neck, and show spe
cial attention to nil such commanderies
v-hich have been exceedingly hospitable
whenever the Californians visited the
Eastern conclaves.
STOLEN RICHES
ARE LOCATED
Continued From Pa^re 6, Column 4.
GENERAL WOOD
WRITES DENIAL
LEAVE LONDON
FOR HOLIDAYS
CNIHEIIES ID IE MSB,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1903.
9
BIENNIAL STATEMENT
op
Security Savings Bank
Published pursuant to an act of tfie Legis-
lature, approved March 23. 1803, and showlns
unclaimed deposits on Deeember 1, 10U3.
Name. Residence. Amount.
Christina Cooke San Francisco $4379 UL'
Jamea Dolan. ..... .Han Francisco «7 61
C. Mitchell Grant. .San Francisco 5» 23
Analse Hill l.W 4t>
Leonard Macer San Francisco lfKJ 21
R. H M&goon San Francisco 440 69
Johr. H. Prime San Franci3CO 86 65
' Total .$5538 SO
; . - ¦ =====
FRED W. RAY. Secretary.
my^VmT S. and G. Boots and Sho»s.
«l f I >J Warranted waterproof. Kor
¦*• V^A _^ Hunters, Surveyor*. Mln-
« J— k. w't -a *rs. etc. Fend for catalog
A If I I A SHREVE&.BARBSRCO.
**V^ V 739 Market 3. F.
Schools and Colleges,
LEADING BUSINKSS COLLEGE OF THE
"WEST. 24 Post St.. San Francisco, Cal.
Established 40 years. Open entire year.
Write lor Illustrated catalogue (free).
Pleurisy
Pneumonia
Consumption
t . • ¦ ¦
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
pruner' s Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. Price,
50c. and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
DOTTCIJ17C FOR BAREEftS. BA-
nn IJ OilEiD ker *. bootblacks, bath-
.."*•¦ w *¦'** T houses, billiard table*,
brewers, bookbinders. : candy makers, canners,
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers. Dainters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors etc..
BUCHANAN BEOS., .
Snub Manufacturer 8, 609 Sacramento St.
• j^Py^™siiEiirTS. ¦____
I STORE CLOSED
I Begins To-Morrow
I Watch Saturday Morning Papers
| | SEE OUR WINDOWS \
o' Wholesale Manufacturers
I \ 1142-1146 MARKET ST.
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR b mT
General Manager,
MERRY XMA3 MAT. TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AXD SUN.
"Capital performance." — Chronicle.
"Unusually versatile company." — CalL J(,
OLaUJQ' Never
JEANS out? 1 *
GREAT CAST— WONDERFUL REALISM.
The Brass Band. The Pet Bull. The Barbe-
cue. The Santa CLaua Scene. The Thrilling
Buzzsaw Sensation. Order Seats In Advance.
Evenings, ZSc to 73c; Matinees, 13c to 5Oc.
Monday. Jan. 4 -A LADY OF QUALITY.
Market Street. Near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-DAY. TO-MORROW. SUN-
DAY.
The Musical Extravaganza.
ALPHONSE and GASTON
Richest, Raciest, Cleverest of All.
Vaudeville tn Every Act.
COMEDIAN TONY* WEST
MISS VIRGINIA AINSWORTH
And Chorus of Forty "Birdie" Girts.
PPffXC Evenings 10c ta BOj
ifilvEJ Matinees 10c, 15c, 25o
3Tew Year's Week—
THB DAISY FABM.
HATLNEE TO-DAY, CHRISTMAS, AT
2 SHABP.
Parquet, an? 'seat. .25c: Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved, 10c.
Great Orpheum Road Show.
Merian's Dog Pantomime and "Cae-
sar," the Miml-Kea<lln~ Poodle;
Elizabeth Murray; 4 Xightons; Ed.
F: Reynard; Eckhoff and Gordon;
Mclani Trio: Albert us and Millar;
Henry Humbcrty, and Ernest Ho*
gan. Mattie Wllkes and Company.
BXO CHBISTatAS SPECTACU.
THB BXtXTTOSrS.
And a Great Show Every Afternoon aa4
Erealajr In tn* Heated Ta«at«x.
TWIN SISTERS IN THE INFANT INCUBA-
TORS.
PRESENTS FROM THE CHRISTMAS
TREE FOR ALL CHILDREN THIS
AFTERNOON.
. '¦¦' .-¦¦•¦• Admission, 10c. Children. So.
Paiarp dont fail to
laiaWW gee th e beautiful
i COURT Loasfing
Ofln room, the EMPIRE
ailU PARLOR, tha
n j PALM ROOM, tho'
ITrflflfl LOUIS XV PAR.
UI OUU LOR^ LA .
u , i DIES' WRITING
I Hotels r° om -
I DR.PIERCES I
CBCBLBSEra
MEDICAL __,
DISCOVER?
FOR THE *_,
BLOOP.liVER.UJNCS.I
¦ '*
IA/. T. HESS.
Notary Pnbllc and Attomey-at-law.
Tenth Floor Room 1015. Claus Spreckela bid*.
Telephone Main 983.
Residence. R21 California St.. below Powell.
Residence Telephone Jair.es 1501.
iL?PATENTS* J
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THB
Crvat Mnlcan Kemedy, slvea health an4
strength to trxnal organs. Depot. 323 Market.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Prica Lists MaUai
on Application.
raEsa Airo - sai.t meats.
-I1C DAVEC * Cft Shipping Botchers. 104
¦JA5. DUIEJ tt WV. Clay. Tel. Mala 1204.
" OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD A ELXJ3.
413 Front St.. S. F. Phone Main Kl>.
FBXKTIZre.
E. C HUGHES, 011 sanwm« •£ 8. J\
AMUSEMENTS. •
CT7BTAIN BISES AT 8 SHARP.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
Benefits ia Aid of the
WIDOWS' AND ORPHANS' TVTTD
SAN rEANCISCO FIBE DEPABTMENT
E. J. Carpenter Presents the Sensational Melo-
drama.
A LITTLE OUTCAST
The Performance Will Conclude With tho One-
Act Drama,
HOW TO FZOHT A FIBE.
Characters by Members of the San Francisco
Fire Department and Police Force.
Beginning Sunday Matinee. W. B. PATTON,
the Peculiar Comedian, in 'THE MIN'IS-
TER'S SON."
j
Pi ONLY TWO MOBS NIGHTS. |J
pj Biggest Hit of the Season! p2
M FOXY SPECIAL. 1 Rj
fgj ,»_,.,„_. MATINEE I fl
C GRANDPA to-pat. I U
P Fatorue, Joseph Hart B
k E^e" Carrie de Mar H
L Sunday, "ARE YOU A MASON V BJ
IS Funniest Farce In Tear*. •
LSk^^^ >Ok \X
MATINEE TO-D AT
AND SATTT2DA7.
To-nlffht and Saturday Night — Lest Tlm»9.
F. C. WHITNEY Presents ,
LULU GLASER
In Stance A Edwards' Dainty Comic Opera,
DOLLY _VARDEN.
Beginning Next Monday— Charles Frohman
Presents Clyde Fitch's Best Play,
THE GIRL WITH
THE GREEN EYES.
Strong Cast of Favorites. Seata Ready.
TIVOU855&
—
MATINEE TO-DAY
FOR YOUNG AND OLD CHILDREN!
Magnificent Production of the Holiday Spec-
tacle,
IXION
Or "THB WHEBXMAIT."
A Mythological Musical Extravaganza In
Three Acts.
See Both-well Browse's Beautiful Ballets.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES. . .25c. 50c and 73c
: Proscenium and Mezzanine Bjx Seats $1 00
Seats on sale two weeks In adranee.
ESTEA MATINEE TO-DAY.
™j Christmas Greetings we extend
To our many friends so true: • .'
Make your happiness complete
By seeing; — 1
I m KJ m U
The Gem of Musical Comedies,
And Your Christmas Will Be Merry.
Our "•All-star" Cast. Including KOLB and
DILL. ALLEN CURTIS. WINFIELD BLAKE,
BEN T. DILLON. MAUDE AMBER,
GEORGIA O. RAMEY. the ALTHEA TWINS,
and Our Chorus of Fifty Beautiful Voice*.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
POPULAR PRICES. * - .
ADVANCE
ANNOUNCEMENT!
':-•:'¦¦ 7
The world's greatest songstress, will appear la
San Francitco. her banner city, on the night of
January 7 and the afternoon of thr 11th.
Popular Prices,
One. two. three, four and fire dollars, will pre-
vail.
Full particulars regarding sale of seats will
be announced later.
Racing !^^^>Racinj!
EVERY WEEK DAT. RAIN OR SHINE.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
INGLBSIDE TRACK
Commencing U ON DAY, pecember 14.
Six or More Races D^ily.
. Racvs start at 2 p. m. sharp.
Reached by ctreetcar from any pen ot the city.
. Train leaves Third and Tcwnsend streets at
1:15 p. tn. and leaves the track Immediately
after the last race.. No smoking la last. two
cars, which are reserved for ladles ud their
escorts. '-* '-"¦- '- -' '
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
Weekly M $1.00 inr-Iv
ADVEBTISZMENTS.
"Little at a Time Payments"
China Closets, Sideboards
fp^n^3~z^|fj^ Combination BooK Cases
m \\W'M[MlW \ and wrffina j> c & s ;
Combination. Buffet and
,|^i;.J|p|§|||jf^. - China Closets
L ? ¦ i 1 ?y 'liljil }¦ \ ¦Hi' I
PI , t'7T'S^ '' I IS For the holida y s we have
'^^^^^'fej a Iar F e and seIect stock of
_ ; ji -' * I some' of the very newest
UpS 'jj^^^^^j}^!! and latest itleas in above
S KjP»§ ifsf \ goods, and extend a cordial
ifM. ' t r~T$f* 'f^f. invitation to call and exam-
|^[^^^^g^^^|, m e goods, compare prices
5 ; j r " i " an d be convinced that we
I'^^r |[ U^ se H 20 per cent lower than
«L-=^ 1— e» anywhere else in the city.
The J. Noonan Furniture Go,
1017-1023 MISSION STREET, Above Sixth
t FUCE YOURlil^S EARlTJ
1152011 CENTURY)
i uUUiV DUuii i
| Another shipment will
• arrive about January 21,
j 1904.
In order to gatisfjr the
, demand for thi? premium >
we have ordered another
airload of these book;*,
a/id all persons sending to f
I The Cook Book Depart-
ment of this paper a six
1 mpnths' sabscrtptlon to
' The Daily and Sunday
, Call may secure one of the
| Twentieth Century Cook
' Dooks at the premium
j rate of 50c
IOd-cf-tcwn subscribers sbculd remit I
20s tttitisn&f ie prepay iriosporittisi I
charges. ' • |Is Already Within Striking Distance of the De
sired Figure and Will Have No Difficulty in
Meeting the Requirements Next Tuesday
FEATHERWEIGHT CHAMPION,
WILL WEIGH IN HANDILY
INOX.ES1DE RACETRACK— THURSDAY. Dec. 24.— Weather fine. Track good.
•ir.lO. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; gelling: S-year-olda and up: value to first, $525.
Index j . Horse and~~Ownei\ f~Vt[St.fcJ4. £"! %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Ct
B4S4 Louis Wagr.or. 4 (McAllister).! 00! 2 .. T7 1 2 1 '- 11 ILersen 3 7-2
54OS Nullah. « (O. S. McK*nzi<?). : . 021 1 ... :: J.; 2 1>J2 1 2 5 I Hildebrand T »
BSUU Oarilwellton. 3 <D« Arman). ..|107J « ... » h 3131 :i 4 Wonderly .. 3-2 ••-
. r i«iS [Hungarian, a (Dunn & Co.)..|lft!|10 ... s >¦> 4 >.j 4 1 4 1 'J. 'Martin... 1<> *
5431 [Ovtiino. 4 (Mrs. Robinson). .. | 9ft| 5 ... » i_ 5 4 5 2 5 4 JFoley 12 U
KiUO jEvamior. 4 (W. Fisher) ill*".'] » ... i; 1 « 1 «4 fi 4 IHaack 4 11-2
(52(.-J);l'enance. 3 »J. McCarthy) \ 9T|ll ... 13 ID 8 h " 4 IKunz «O «•»
4.W, I Rey < Hooker, a (J. T. Smith).. 107| 4 ..;12 1 8 Vi 1 1 S4 |Bel! &*> l fl °
M!»$ (Lunga. 4 (Mrs. McMU'haehs).. 90| 7 ... 11 1«^9 *» t) ltj!» *i '•*• T - e ' a -* 0
421S iBrbsae. 4 (J. J. Markleln) |107j I ... 7 h 7 >-10 10 \V. Kelly 20 4rt
5473 jMarlin. 3 (Bender &. Co.)...... l)3i S .. 41:*' jOliphant ... 10 it
KS>« Cathello. 4 <J. I* Clayton) 92 12 .. 10 • |TV. Daly 5O lro
¦74SS iRlomla. 4 (R. Hughes) 07|U ... 5 1 • I Anderson .. 15 M
T'.vn*— -.25. :.".(». 1:15. At post 2 minutes. Off at 2:0C',i. Louis TVasrjer. place. S-5: show,
!>-10. Nullah, place. 2; show. 0-.". Cardwellton, show. 7-10. Winner, ch. h. by wagner-
Marchma. Trained by J. W. Forman. Starr fair. Won handily. Next two driving hard.
Winner had good racing luck and was probably best. Cardwellton would run better at tho
-r^-^^fl n .?- l l n l l i'- |* u pK arian closed well. Optimo a better mudder. 'Fell. «. ,-> p.«-w-.n.
5511. SECOND RACE — Futurity course: purse: two-year-olds: value to first, S325.
Index I Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. *4. %^ %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. CU
I Dick Turpin (F. Ffeagan) jll0| 3 ... 24 24 12 13 Iwonderly ..11
• SICL 1 )!!!. I,. Fiank (D. Cameron).. ..jlio: 2 ... 11 Hi 2 1 2 *i k'handler ... 9-5 2
<54U::):MiUtary Man (T. Ferguson)... 113| 1 ... 5 V, « .°. S3 :'. 1'iConneIl 5 »
(.'.2C8)|Dr. Rowell (Blaslnjjame) 111314 ..." 3 2 8 >i 3 1 4 4 |FoIey 20 4'»
M:«» i Bombardier (W. Jennings): ....1102 7 ... 4 "^ 5.1 5 :* 53 .1. Martin... 5O 60
5493 IFira (V. Gilbert) [101 B ... « 4 1 4 »i « 8 IHildebrand 6O SO
M03 IFotrero Orande (Baldwin) '101 5 ... 7 3 7 1 7 1 7 2 |Haack ICO 2'>«>
f (5470)itt(Hl Cross Nurse (Brown) fllll S ... 8 S 8 8 IBullman ... 10 1«
Time— :24U. :4!>, 1:12. At post 1 minute. Off at 2:39. Turpin. place. 2-5; show. out.
Frank, place. 3-5; show. 1-5. Man. show, 1-4. Winner, b. g.. by Henry of Navarre-
Tarpcla. Trained by Frank Regan. Start good. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Clam told when Dick Turpin looked Frank in th« eye. Military Man would have beea
second at a trifle longer route. Dr. Rowell is a good colt. Red «7ro<«s Nurse ott P'* > *}y.
XRVJ:. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs: selling; three-year-olds and up: value to first. $323.
Indcxj Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. U- M- \. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. CL
5400 iSad Sam 5 (H. Gredn) I1O4I 2 ... 11 16 IS 1 10 ISherwood .. 5-2 6-5
6327 Money Mus.». 5 (Donaleche). 10S| 3 ... 2 1 2 4 2 3 2S |J T. Shehn 3-2 4
54SV4 I Albemarle. .'; (E. Tierney). . . [lO6! 6 ... 3^31 3 1 33 IBell « »
5445 !St Winifride. 3 (Sink Jr.). ..I 91)! 4 ... 5 v, 4 'i 4 3 4 S IFoley 4 *
6497- Tuo Stewardess. 4 ( Winter).. |104! 5 ... 7h «1 B 'i 5 4 Haack .... 50 40
iFlrst Chip. 3 (O. CrandalI).,llO5! I ... 61 7 >i fl 2 B2 |J. Martin.. 8 20
S4!U Captivate, 5 (P. Hildreth)...!102 ! 7 ... 8 8 7 17 >i Larsen .... 30 CO
Mipr |K. Princess. 5 (O'Rourke). . . I 92j 8 ... 4 1 5 3 8 8 Anderson . 30 1«
Time— :24, :4». 1:1.1U- At post » i minute. Off at 2:59Vi. Sam. place. 1-2: show. out. .
* Muss place 7-5; show. 7-10. Albemarle, show. 1. Winner ch. g by Rancocas-Heeley.
Trained by" E. Gctchrll. Scratched — Aunt Polly. Velma Clark. Mildred Schultz. Alic*
Carey. Start Rood. Won In a gallop. Second and third easily. Sad Sam had the "I*.%
S. Mail" sign hanging on him and, made no stops. Money Mum not overburdened with
uprrd. 'St. Winlfride Is fainthearted. First Chip no speed. Princess can make cheaper
' 'ones run.
5Sl.t. FOURTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles, selling: 3-year-oMs and up: value $323.
Index j Here* and Owner. * IWtlSt. *i . £f! %. Str. Fin. j Jockey. OpI CU
KOI 'j Jockey Club, 3 (W. Fisher).. 871 4 18 14 13 11 1 Vi ILarsen .... 5-2 2
0477 jXIgrette, 3 (Jennings Co.) 04; 1 2 3 2 n 2 1 2 2 2 ' 3 |Ccnnell ... 7-2 .V
545*; Caronal. 3 (Chappell Co.) 90 3 5 2 5 3 3 h 3 3 3 10 IHildebrand 1 ll-lo
5506 IPosition. C (C. A. Durfee) 103! «6 * 5 65A41 |Kell 10 2O
r>.VT« lAllopath. 4 (Lamasney Br.).. .11041 2 3 V, 3 2 4 \: 3 4 1 r> S Foley 1O 2O
MM Rio Shannon. 0 <Coffey> 1102! 5 4 3 4 h K fi 6 fj. Jones. .. IOO 2OQ
Time — :'Z*Vz. \ :50. 1:16. l:413i. 1:49. At post 1 minute. Oft at 3:27. Club, nlace. 7-10: #
show. : 1-3. Nlerette, place. 6-5: show. 3-5. Caronal. out show. Winner b. c. by
"¦"•BrUtus-SeTBphln. Tratned by W. Fisher. Start good. Won first three driving hard.
Winner was extremely xvell rated. Nigrette ran u good race. Hildebrand ia a spten
"» did W3it5iu_. .AUcp.ath^no accouRt_in_hei- j>res ent _ f ojn-i.
551-!. FIFTH RACE — o«,-i furlongs; purse; three-year-olds and up; value to first. $-525.
: a t ! .
lnM?x|. 'Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. >;. ¥,. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. | Op. Cl.
in+WlShotgun .-, (W. Jennings).... fl19 ! 3 ... 11 12 It It |J. Martin.. 9-20 3-5
<541ia)IKonUworth 5 (H. Stover). .1113' I ••• •'? 2 2h 2 2 2.8 Wonderly . 5 2 11-3
MflO iPeter J 3 - (E. J. Smith) U04j 5 ... 0 4 13 »i 3 3 |W. Dugan. 12 1O
MfiS" lEmshee." 4 <F. H. Bell) ....|U«i4 ... 4h 5 5 4« IR. King .. 10O I3O
5.1C0 lAmasa.- a (M. M. Rowley) ..llCJl 2 ... 2 1 32 4 1 5 IA. Powell.. 20O Srp
Xime -2t :4S>^ l.-OSV.* At post 'i minute. Off at 3:54'-i. Gun. place, out; show. out.
Kenilworth' \>lace 1-4; show. out. Peter, show. 1-10. Winner, h. c. by Artillery-
Prlncfss Nbretti. Trained by W. B. Jennings. Start good. Won easily. Second anl
third driving. Shot breezed all the way. Ken'.lworth was cut off once by Amasa.
Peter J away slowly. Em9hee_ did _wen^
SSTbT^sTxTH RACE— One mile; gelling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first. $.'.2X
ln d« x t ' Horse and Owner. JWtlSt. Y t . V». %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. | Op. Cl.
r>507 IPrestolus 3 (Devin * Co.) IIOTI 7 5 Vj 4 1 3 1 3 2 1 ns J. Martin .. 10 1«
™$r FI Oriente. 5 (W. J. Spiers).. |IO2 3 12 12 12 1 *i 2 2 iConnell .... 3 13-5
fMtt Ullowaho. 4 iH. Stover) UlOi I «2 6 1 Jb.4^,11 |W. Waldo.. Z I
r.47.1 IDiscus. 3 (Johnson & Co.). .. .11031 6 7 8 5 h 4 'i 3 4 4 K | Foley 30 40
(54W)IBrennus. 3 (Judge & Co.) '1071 2 2 1 2 2 2 1 2 >i 3.'. iBell 7-5 «-.'»
54firt Rio Chlco. a (Harris & Co.).. .1102! 5 3 3 .". 'i B 3 6 1 fi 'i iHaack B0 130
5352 IDug Martin. 3 (V. Oilbert)...] 07 4 4 >i 7 10 7 5 7 3 7 4 iHIMebrand 12 12
542*i jThe I^daean, 4 IB. & H.)....llC0| 8 8 8 8 8 8 ILarsen .... 20 30
T1 _- -05V, -50Vi 1 - 16'^. 1:43»J. At post 1 minute. Off at 4:19. Prestolus, Dlaee. 6;
' «how 5-2" Orlente. place. 4-."; show. 1-3: Illowaho. show. 3-.">. Winner, br. g. by Pres
fonra'ns-Loma. Trained by T. Boyla. Scratched— Theodora L. Colonel Smith. Pat Mor
rls«-ev coed Won In a hard drive of three. Martin on Prestolus won the rac»
bvrf.akinc a *hcrt turn into the stretch. El Orlente ran out on the stretch turn.
Judiciously handled Illowaho could have won. Rrennus Quit.
YOUNG CORBETT HAPPl**
OVER HIS WEIGHT—HAN
LON' IN SERIOUS VEIN.
There will be a handicap golf tour
nament on the Presidio links to-day
over eighteen holes, in which the two
players who return .the, lowest net
scores will ' receive prizes. The gross
scores will serve as the qualifying
round for a match play competition.
On Tuesday morning next the ladies
of'the San^Francisco Golf Club will
hold foursomes, over eighteen holes,
medal play, the wjnning pair to re
ceive a prize.
Golf at the Presidio.
Encouraging— Tess — There goes Ur
sula Hope with Jack Tlmmid.
Jess— Yes; she's setting her cap for
him. •¦/
Tess— Do you really think she cares
for him?
Jess — Yes, indeed. You know her full
name Is Ursula May Hope. Well, she
signs all her letters to him now, "U.
May Hope."— Philadelphia Press.
First race — Kellaa, Skip Me, Myr
tle H.
Second race — Souf rlere, Misi Blnx
leta. Oottliefcea. ." :>¦..;.
Third race-rAuat Tolly. Matt Koffan,
Mountebank. ¦ ' \ : '
Fourth race — Proper, Oarsman, Claude.
riftn race— £1 Piloto, Xadwald, £1
Chihuahua.
Sixth race— Ada XT, Heather Honey,
B«y Dare.
Christmas Breeder and Sportsman.
, N The Christmas Breeder and Sports
man is interesting throughout to the
lover of the horse, the dog and the
gun. From its white and gold cover
through its various pages it is filled
with artistic' photographs of well
known celebrities of the turf and. field.
The letter press is in keeping with
the illustrations. It covers a wide
range of subjects and is presented in
clever style. .
POINT RICHMOND, Dec. 24. — Her
man Thomas, a sailor, was run over
and killed by a Santa Fe switch engine
late last night in the tunnel between
the yards and the mole. Thomas was
employed • on the steamer E. F.
Coates. He had been in town during
the day and was on his way back to
the vessel when the accident occurred.
He was about 32 years old and a mem
ber of the San Francisco Sallbr3'
Union.
Sailor Killed by Switch Engine.
Sixth race, six furlongs — Wreath of
Ivy won.' Footlights Favorite second,
Allegrette third. Time, 1:14.
Second race, one mile — Bud Embry
won, The Regent second, Sarah Max
im third. Time, 1:40 »-5.
Third race, one milt^-Colonel Tylor
won. One More second, Radford third.
Time, 1:42 3-5.
Fourth race, six furlon§8 — Aggie
Lewis won, Agnes Brennan second,
Julia M. third. Time, 1:14 2-5. •
Fifth race, five furlongs— Sadducee
won. Jimalonff second, New York
third. Time, 1:00 4-5.
New Orleans Results.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 24.— -Crescent
City results:
First race, six furlongs — Parisienne
won, Dusky second, Miss Hume third.
Time. 1:1C 4-5.- ' )
Many more entries are expected this
morning. There will be no tourna
ment at the park to-day.
The California Tennis Club will
hold a handicap doubles tournament
this morning. As many of the play
ers expressed a desire to witness the
big: football same in the afternoon it
was decided by the tournament com
mittee to play only up to noon. The
event will be finished on Sunday.
All of the active players of the club
will be seen in the tourney this morn
ing. The holders of the cups are the
Smith brothers, but they will not
compete for them in future. Allen
and Hill have also won the trophies.
It is doubtful if Tobin and Taylor will
participate in the tournament. If
they draw in the first round they will
play on Sunday, but if they come out.
in the preliminary round they will
probably default. The following
teams have already entered: Herbert
Schmidt and Harry Rolfe, "Will Payn
and Lloyd Baldwin, C J. Smith and
Will Collier, J. D. MacGavin and F.
S. Mitchell. Will Allen and Dr. Hill,
Ray Cornel! and Ray Splivalo, E. P.
Robbing and W. Spring, Long broth
ers. A. W. Worthington and W. J.
Bull. yi
First Round of a Handicap Doubles
Will Be Decided This '
Morning.
TEXXIS MEX WILL. MEET
IX TOURXAMEXT PLAY
•Apprentice Allowance. .»"'•'¦ ;
PKOBABLE WINNERS.
53G8 'Ada N (Antrim Stable) 101
ROOT *Fcxy Grandpa (Mrs. J..Coffey) 78
."«")!• *5omerios <A Josephs) 101
MJV> «Tlie Cur^ (W. Fisher) 78
M7t» Rey Dare (J. C. Weston) 1O«
¦1357 Celebrant <Jenn!ncs & Co.) 82
Sixth rae<^ One mlie: all a*«s: selling:
5477 »OorKalette <J. Fitzgerald) M
r.44f» *Ke?ther Honey (Leach & Co.) 94
M35 Ifcnaclo (P. C. Donaleche) 1(Kl
M«7 i:o!onel Van <W. S. Fountain) 10*J
r>4!K> Avenger 'J. F. Schorr) I 8.1
r;fth rare— Seven furlongs : four-year-olds
and up: selling: „
HW Redwald (McGrane & Co.) 107
R42» Tonopah MB. SchlfT) 102
0.193 »Lady Kent (T. Wellman) »*
547S SalntlV <T. Crowe) »««
Mfl" Hfrry Thatcher (Mrs. Hastings) 107
S491 *E1 Piloto <W. HoaK) 10'-'
¦5.v;s 'Chorus Boy (Mm. H. Floblnson) fl.
F.510 "Louis Wagner (McAllister & Co.)... ,100
.">504 Yellowstone (W. Fine) 110
.1474 Klckumbob «Walx & Co.) 107
Mtel Burdoc (K. F. Parks) .*« 1C.»
r.4Srt F.mtlv Oliver (H. ClarJO 102
6i97 El Chihuahua (W. J. Spiers) 105
Fourth rare— Christmas handicap. *3000 add
ed one and a quarter miles, three-year olds
*«VYeUow Tall IX Hackett) }«
M71 Prepor (Jennings & Co.) Ji«
:.4S9 Claurle (M. J. Daly) {-•_'
5»71 Oarsman «L. Kempner).. JiJ
MM I Divlna (El Primero Stable) ....{10
r.501 FauIconbridKe (E Hausman) 10fi
.',50.! Forest Kin* (S. J. Jones) »*,
.-,45-. Konlc (C. Youns)...-.-- }°J
.-.4S.-J Evea G (Mrs.-J. CofTey) JO.
r..'.Ol Horatfus (J. J. McAlester) 108
K301 Incubator (F. V>n Meter)...... 1«»
.V.&; Lord Melbourne (Bender & co.).. 1«»
:>:,«? Lacy Crawford (B. Schreiber) «3
3301 Modicum (D. T. Fountain) 100
Third race— Six furlongs: 3-year-olds and up;
"MMMatt Hrean (Maerane & Co) j$
MMAunc Polly (Graffort & Co.) J£J
R500 Mountebank (Keatlnc & <-0.) jw
M3K Mennie Huehes <.T. Hushes) ™*
M7S 'Florinel II IW, Hoa*) • JJ
ft.V>4 »Einn Kins (B. Curl) }?J
MOO *Qulet CH. K. Rowfll) i}S
$85 2S&SS3K33»a£^ " : : : : ¦ • : '\<»
;... 'Rustic Girl (E. W. Fitzgerald) ...... 1M
R4S0 Kffervescence (Mrs. J. Coffey) 1C0
5«:>9 MIm Rlnrlets »T. O. Ferguson) J*»
M57 GottlelM>n (XV. F»'her) •••• \\i\
KTSFOrtat Fire (McCabe & Co >. ••••••••{$
MSI Ethel Abbott (Mrs. C. E. Miller).... j«
.1475 Lady Fon*. IG.. Lanka) °«
B4.-.7 L*dy Athelinff (J. A. Kyle) j£j
MS0 Selma (Hill & Co.) lv -*
BILL ESCAPES
THE LAWMAKERS
OAKLAND, Dec. 24.— Mrs. Caroline
Cook, an aged woman livingat 1378
Ninth street, was taken to -the deten
tion ward of the Receiving Hospital
this afternoon to be examined as to
her sanity. She says her son-in-law,
L. H. Bell, and his wife are trying to
get her out of the way in order that
they may get her property. Bell says
she threatened his wife's life and his
making the complaint is a matter.of
precaution. •
Accuses Son-In-Law.
OAKLAND. Dec. 24. — William
Hamlyn, a tent and awning maker,
residing at 933 Seventh street,, lost
both of his legs at the. Sixteenth-street
station late to-night and will die. He
was run over by a Berkeley local
'train.
Hamlyn was asleep in the railroad
station a greater part of the evening
and at a late hour was driven out by
the watchman and told to go home.
The awning maker had been indulg
ing in too much Christmas celebration
and when he attempted to board a
passing Berkeley train slipped and
fell beneath the wheels, both his legs
being severed from his body.
The unfortunate man was quickly
conveyed to the. Receiving Hospital,
where the surgeons pronounced his a
hopeless case. The Injured man was
47 years o'f age. He has -a wife. -
WILJjIAM IIAMLYX FATAIJjY
INJURED BY BERKELEY TRAIN
PORTLAND, Dec. 24.— The mysteri
ous disappearance of House bill 38 on
the eve of the Legislature's adjourn
ment is puzzling every member who is
not fortunate enough to know the an
swer to the riddle. The bill made gam
bling a felony and would surely have
put an end to public gambling in Ore
gon, as it has already done in Wash
ington. ;
The House representatives passed it
in the face of a strong lobby by a vote
of 31 to 22. It was there placed in an
envelope with two other bills and for
warded by a page in due course to the
Senate. It never reached its destina
tio'n. Somewhere between the desk of
the Speaker of the House and that of
the President of the Senate, the gam
blers' lobby waylaid the envelope. Ab
stracted the bill and substituted .a
dummy properly folded and bearing a
similar indorsement.
It wes on the eve of adjournment
and a special train v.as waiting to take
the legislators home. When the Presi
dent of the Senate opened the envelops,
the gambling bill on which he was'ex
pected'to do some maneuvering was
blank. He adjourned the Senate for fif
teen minutes in order that a quiet In
vestigation might be made by thosi*
Interested, but a search by all the
solons who were eager to vote on the
matter proved fruitless. It was almost
midnight. Those legislators who are
not eager began to drop down to the
special train. Presently there was no
quorum present and the session came
to an end. .}.:•/'
Special Dispatch to The Call
Gambling: Measure in the Ore
gon Legislature Disappears
at the Close of the Session
The moot question of Young Cor
bett's weight, which has been interest
ing the followers of boxing since the
little champion settled down to train
ing, were definitely settled yesterday.
After his afternoon's work in the
gymnasium the Denver boxer stepped
on the scales and the beam balanced
at the 132?i-pound mark. This is less
than Corbett weighed on the morning
of his last engagement with Hanlon.
He must weigh 129 pounds at 6 o'clock
next Tuesday at Harry Corbetfs.
"I can sit down now and dry out to
the required weight," said Corbett
after he stepped off the scales. "Han
lon had one look in for the champion
ship, but he need not expect another."
Corbett practically completed his
training yesterday. In the morning he
walked to Stow Lake and enjoyed a
brief spell with the oars and then took
a dip in the ocean. In the afternoon
he went three fast rounds with Monte
Attel. It was give and take through
out and some hard blows were deliv
ered. On the previous day Corbett
sparred with Monte and the latter was
unable to eat his dinner, his teeth were
so sore from contact with the feather
weight's grloves. Monte is ready to
furnish a testimonial as to the cham
pion's hitting powers.
Corbett shows no signs of being
drawn down fine. He is still round and
chubby and seems to have some
fat to spare. It Is evident he will be at
his best this time. He has always been
a famous "repeater," his second fight
with any man being better than his
first.
Corbett and Hanlon will do no more
hard boxing, as they do not want to
risk their hands. Both count on enjoy
ing big dinners to-day, which will
mean some extra road work to-morrow
to get back to the weight they show
this morning.
The betting has opened with Young
Corbett an 8 to 10 choice. It will de
pend on the volume of money offered
on the rival boxers as to how these odds
will fluctuate. There has been but little
betting up to the present time.
The referee question will' be taken up
to-morrow. Corbett says Eddie Gra
ney was good enough for Jeffries, Fitz
simmons, Jim Corbett and other fight
ers and he can see no objection to him
acting on this occasion. Hanlon* has
been non-committal in the matter, and
what Etand he will take is problem
atical.
Harry Pollock, Corbett's manager,
left Chicago last night and is due here
on Sunday night.
ASSOCIATION* FOOTBALIj
MEN* IN* THREE MATCHES
Everything is in readiness for the
great football jrame this afternoon be
tween the Reliance t and th2 Carlisle
teams. Excellent officials have been
selected, the athletes are all in the best
of trim and the field could not be- bet
ter. Each eleven is confident of victory
and the battle is sure to be a hot one.
The contest will commence at 2
o'clock on the Richmond fteM. Man
ager Smith reports a large advance sale
• if tickets and from present indications
there wiil be a big crowd in attendance.
It was expected there would be some
difficulty in regard to the selection of
officials, but the matter was arranged
agreeably to all concerned. "Billy"
Reid of the Belmont school, formerly
a member of a famous Harvara eleven,
will referee. Major Collins, of the same
institution, will umpire. William Sex
ton will be one of the timekeepers and
Donaldson will be one of the stakemen.
The other timekeeper and linesman
have not been chosen as yet.
The Reliance team went out to the
Richmond field yesterday morning and
passed an hour in going through the
signals. Afterward the men were given
the chance to rest up for the big game.
The Indians spent most of tne day in
recreation at the Park, Cliff House and
beach.
Coach Warner thinks his boys need
rest more than practice. He paid yes
terday the redskins should win on a
dry field with straight football.
•Peto' Smith is just as certain Re
liance will wjn. He is banking mostly
on the fact that his men are sll veter
ans and have the advantage in weight.
INDIANS ARE FASTER.
The aborigines are much faster than
their opponents. They will have a dis
tinct advantage in this particular. Then
again the whole team plays as one
man, All of them run in the same
manner and one must Fee th*: ball it
self to learn who is carrying it.
Reliance is scores of yards better
than the Indians on punting. The red-
Fkins are more likely to secure field
Roals, as Captain Johnson is a cracker
jack at that feature of tne c«me. Re
liance has a line like a stone wall. The
eopppr-TnnKl warriors will never carry
home any scalps if they attempt to
win with center plays.
The Carlisle backs are swift as deer,
but nre not nearly so strong as those
who wiH curry the pigskin for Reliance.
The palefaces are bound to gain on the
heavy line plays and they have a good
chance to push the "ball through for
FfVeral touchdowns if they play to
gether. Weight alone never wins any
parries against good teams, but it is
one of the powerful factors in making
scores, when combined with skill.
In point of condition the Indians are
far superior, having had the advantage
«>f a long season's training. They have
had enough of travel and sightseeing to
keep th?m from growing stale. Sev
eral of Reliance's men will be longing
for wind this afternoon, for the red
skins are planning to play a fast game.
INTEREST IX GAME IS GREAT.
The gridiron experts of the country
are takin? marked interest in the game.
It is the only opportunity afforded by
this year's schedules for comparing
Eastern with Western football. Since
the teams of California have adopted
the graduate system of coaching, some
difference in the style of play of Atlan
tic and Pacific elevens has appeared.
The Western men are not acquainted
with many of the new tricks, but pay
more attention to straight football.
Something has been lost in point of
tpced by the teams of this coast. The
Indians have played against the strong
est teams in the East and a compari
son of scores after to-day's game win
f>e productive of much Interesting data-
The Reliance eleven is probably not
the strongest aggregation that could
be selected from this year's teams, but
it is largely representative of California
football nevertheless. All of the men
are star players and know the game
from kick-off to touchdown. —
The general belief seems to be that
Carlisle will win on speed and team
play. Those who have watched Reli
ance practice are inclined to be doubt
ful of the result. At any rate it will be
a first-class game of football and full of
sensational plays. Neither team can
walk away with the other. The halves
will be a trifle shorter than regulation
time in order that players and specta
tors may not have to hasten too much
to get dinner after the game.
The Indians will witness the perform
ance of 'Foxy Gradpa" to-night at the
California Theater, twenty-two seats
having been secured for the Carlisle
men.
Bowling in Golden Gate Park.
The Christmas interclub match be
tween the San Francisco and the Oak
land Scottish bowlers has been de
¦ •lared off for several reasons. The
principal reason is the fact that the
green across the bay is not in good
« ondition. The failure of the Oakland
club to send a formal written chal
lenge in place of a verbal one is an
other reason for calling off the match.
The large singles event, with ninety
four entries, will be commenced to
cJay. It will continue several months.
Play will be resumed to-morrow af
ternoon.
PHILADELPHIA. Dec 24.— Jack
O'Brien of Philadelphia had the bet
ter of a six-round bout with Jim Jef
fords to-night at the Broadway Ath
letic Club. In the third round Jeffords
had O'Brien a little groggy, but he
soon recovered and held the Advant
age to the end of the fight- »
Jack O'Brien Defeats Jeffords.
Thistles Will Play Independents on
Presidio Athletic Grounds for a
Christmas Dinner.
The association footballers will play
three matches to-day. At 12 noon on
the Presidio athletic grounds the Oc
cidental regular team will measure its
strength against the Occidental Tigers,
the members of both teams being en
rolled in the Occidental Athletic Club.
Each captain feels so confident of vic
tory that a dinner has been bet on the
result of Vie game. The players will
be: '
Occidental Regulars — Chivers, Roberts.
Lloyd. Hlgsirs. Robertson. Bowden. V. Hol
land. lla>.-.<. Kvar.s, P. Lydon. F. Holland.
Occidental Ticcrs — Kelly. Mortran. Robert
son. GHfitn. Condon. F. Griffin. Lydon, Ma
hon»y. T. J. Lydon, Goldberg, Johnson.
At 2:30 p. m. on the Presidio
grounds the Thistle and Independent
teams wifl-play a match for a Christ
mas dinner. The players will be:
Thistles— Lcwe. Tierney. Forrest (captain),
Taylor. Duncan, McGregor, A. Dlsher. R.
DiRber, T. J. Lydon. J. Emlth, T. Dlsher.
Independents— Lynch (captain), Armstrong,
McGran. Mechels. Xolaxi. . Russell, E. Fay,
Watt. T. Fay. Ellis, Forbfi.
At 2:30 p. ,m. at Idora Park. Oak
land,' the Albion Rovers will play a
game against a team from the Sea
men's Institute of San. Francisco.
Enil>ezzler Goes to Jail.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 24.— Harry Whit
ney, arrested on the complaint of
Frank Arnold, his former employer^
pleaded guilty to a charge of misde
meanor embezzlement to-day before
City Justice R. B. Tappan and was
sentenced to serve three' months in
the County Jail. ; Whitney's pecula
tions amounted in all to about $175.
Fifth race, selling, mile and seventy yards
Anvil or.. Lemco 93. Cozador 100. Plntonius
104. I.urdan lui). Moor 109. Erne 100. Jim
Hale 100, Henry Clay Rye 112.
Sixth race, purne, seven furlongs— Maud M
102. Sir Hugh 1O2. - . Clochp d'Or 102. Barxanio
107. Fortunatus 107. Orsina 112. Wager 112.
Fourth race, mile and a sixteenth, the
Hollywood handicap — Mezzo to). Grail 100 Du
ft?* J 02 « £ ltrate 10 *. Bragg lofl. Havlland
108. M. F. Tnrcev 07.
Third race. Clnuson course, 200 feet short
of six furlong?— AgneR Mack 10.1. Beautiful
and Best 100, Tower of Cendles 107. Andrat
tus 10,. Ocean Dream lin. Brags 115, Redan
Second race, s-llingr. five furlongs — William
Pnrrlsh !>7. Lnuretta Phillips «». Annie Rob
liiwon J)O, Mabel Claire 100. Eugenie n 102.
Absolute 10.J. Quest 104, Metlakatla 105, Col
or"! Hogey 108.
Bishop 1<W Geisha Girl 104, Little Marjraret
104 Leiral Maxim 104. Fr!erllene 104, Sir
» ,'. rlS . t S pher , *%*• Klou nsh 109, Wachusett 109.
All Abo-t 109.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
Second race, two-year-olds and upward sell
ing, Clauson course (200 feet short of six fur
longs)—San Lution. Ul (Ruseell). 15 to 1. won;
Labor, 107 (Miles). 6 to 19 second; Urbano, 108
(Phillips). 30 to 1, third. Time, 1:12?;. Dr.
Worth, Geisha" Girl. MIes Xettie, Hrlck Kcwler,
Hir Christopher, Frank Pearce. Little Secret,
Dolllp Weithoft, MacAna also ran.
Third * race, two-year-olds, five furlongs
Strife. 104 (Carson), 15 to 1, won: Foncasta,
10S (Phillips). 10 to 1, second; Alma Dufour,
108 (J. Lewis). 6 to 5. third. Time. l:03',<».
Pat Bulger. Golden Mineral. Pat Hammoii.
Sals, Lady Belair. I^ady Usk also ran.
Fourth race. Mount Lowe handicap. $1000
added, six furlongs — The Fog, 105 (T. Burn«)
7 to :.', won; Best Man, 112 (J. Reiff), 10 to l!
second; Rag Tan. 107 (L. Spencer), 10 to 1
third. Time, 1:14%. F. E. Shaw (coupled In
betting with The For). M. F. Tarpey, Redan.
GehelmneFB. The Gold Finder. Princess Titania,
Golden Rule also ran. i
Fifth race, cue and a sixteenth miles, selling
—Erne. 103 (Knapp), 2 to 1. won; Glenrice. 100
<L. Spencer), :\ to 1. second: Jim Hale. 105 (T
OfSrlen). i to 1. third. Time. 1:504. Emi
nence II. Grail also ran
rPh'mh./T*; ? nt " ml " >> SP »lns-Moor. 102
(Phillips), .i to 1 won; Cancjo. 102 (Rcdfern).
.».t°i ' £! cond: 04 (Carcon). 4 to 1
Tnt'nV T me> , 1:4 l H * lr apparent. Jlngler
Z°\a V£?.y°!y J ': jrdnn - Cloche d'Or, Schwarz
wald. Quidado also ran.
IX)S ANGELES, Dec. 24.— Results:
First raco ; two-year-olds and upward, seven
furlonrs — Ocean Dream, 105 (P. Phillips), 7 to
10. won: Dr. Shorb, 100 (Mountain). 10 to 1.
Fecond; Dupont, 105 (W. Adams), 10 to 1, third.
Time, 1:2$. Blissful, Ulm, Taxman, Chara
wind also ran.
SUMMARY.
The feature of the card was the
Mount Lowe handicap, 'worth $1460 to
the winner. It was over a six-furlong
course. There were ten starters and
Golden Rule opened and closed favor
ite. Princess Titanla was second choice
at 2V 2 to 1, and W. B. Sink's entry, The
Fog and F. E. Shaw; was* well liked at
3 to 1. Sink's horses were shipped from
San Francisco last night and arrived
in Los Angeles at 10 o'clock this morn
ing. Notwithstanding the all-night
ride tha horses warmed up well this
morning and were heavily backed by
their owner.
There was never a .doubt nbout the
winner. • The Fog went to the front
at once and finished three and a half
lengths ahead of Lester Ro;ff's Best
Man, which was a length in front of
Rag Tag. The time, 1:14*4; was a cred
itable performance, considering the
newness of the track. Golden Rule
was weighted down with 13S pounds
and was never prominent in the run
ning.
Eleven books cut in and did a rush
ing business. One favorite, Ocean
Dream, which won the first race, was
the best the public could do in picking
winners. San Lution and Strife, win
ners of the second and third races re
spectively, were as good as 20 to J, and
both closed at 15.
The closest finish of the day was in
the fifth race, at a mile and a sixteenth,
which Erne won by a nose trim Glen
rice. Jockey Knapp rode a splendid
race on Erne. *"
Richard Dwyer did the starting while
Colonel A. •-W. Hamilton, fid Cole and
Ralph Tozer were in the judges' stand.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 24. -Ascot Park
raco course was thrown open to i the
public td-day and the initial event was
an unqualified success. About 3500
people saw a splendid programme
of six races, all of whlcn wore Inter
esting and two of which furnished nose
finishes.
Football Experts of Nation
Await Result of Struggle
to Compare East and West
the First Race Is the Only
Public Choice to Register
Ocean Dream the Winner of
Second race — Five and a half furlongs
2-year-old flllics; purse: - ¦ •
54S>4 Soufrlere (Dayton & .Co.) ....ll.t
M48 Flo Manola'tM. J. Daly) ......... ...10B
54»>» Oro Rose <Jennlng3 & Co.) • 103
First race — Six furlongs; 3-year-olds and up;
selling: .
IM08 Bassenro (Wals &. Co.) un
54»2 Hellas <J. Creely) ioi
KiOO Lurene (W. L. Pritchard) iw
;,)I4 Aniasa (Rowley & Co.) .....104
540S Illllouon (W.-D. Randall.) iM
B-tOS 'Hyrtle H (Mrs. Hertzell) ...; 09
5438 Skip Me (Madison & Co.)... ..1Ot
B40S Roale Ban (Dr. Leaner) 104
5126 *Dr. Sherman (M. X.. White) ...104
6414 Goddess of Night (H. Parks) , ..104
.... Badly Used (W. Vivell) ..... .109
When Marlin, Cathello and Rionda
fell .on the far turn in the first race
Willie Daly and Anderson escaped un
scathed. OJiphant, who rode Marlin,
was not quite so fortunate, having
one of his ankles severely bruised.
Tommy Burns, who rode The . Fog
In the handicap at Los Angeles yester
day, will be seen in the saddle at In
gleside to-day. Tommy's splendid
riding has earned for him a a host of
friends and he is usually found knock
ing at the door, regardless of price or
the class of the horse he may ride. • .
The Christmas handicap, the fea
ture event of the card this afternoon,
with $3000 added money, makes It
one of the rich plums of the racing
season and the field is a high class
one. Claude, the four-time Derby
winner, is* allotted top weight. 123
pounds. The son of Lissak carried a
stouter impost pian this in the Ameri
can; Derby and it would not be sur
prising to see him win. Oarsman is in
grand fettle and .will take a world of
beating.' Proper worked, well and it is
needless to say is ready.' Faulconbridge
is a "mudder.'Vbut can also run some
on a fast track, and Bob Smith is
sweet on his colt's chance. Of the
lightweights, the chances of Eonic
and Forest King look brightest.
v Entries for To-Day.
Trains will leave the depot," Third
nnd Towitsend streets, to-day for In
gleside at 1 and 1:15 p. m.
with the utmost ease,' Kenilwcrth, pi
loted by Otto Wonderly, led Peter J
out for the place.
DICK TUIIPIX IS SPEEDY.
Dick Turpin. the Eastern colt with a
very trim record, was introduced in the
two-year-old fixture, and made himself
right at home. Dick was played from 7
to 5 down to even money, and took
quiie a shine to H. L. Frank, the local
speed marvel and second in demand in
the ring. The latter led almost to the
stretch, where the Eastern visitor, with
Wonderly up, took control of affairs,
disposing of the Cameron entry with
neatness and dispatch, scoring by three
lengths. At the close Military Man was
pressing H. L. Frank hard for second
position.
In the opening six-furlong, number,
decided under selling conditions, three
horses went down on the far turn, their
riders fortunately escaping serious in
jury. The winner turned up in Louis
Wagner, one of the choices, which won
all the. way. Nullah took the place from
Cardwellton.
As an even money betting proposi
tion, Caronal with Hildebrand on his
back, cannot be called a success. The
St, Carlo colt went to the post a 11 to
10 favorite for the mile and a sixteenth
selling selection and, again weakly rid
den, - ran third. Jockey Club, played
from 2*4 to 2, made all the running, and
In a driving finish xlowned Nlgrette
half a length. Caronal finished at the
latter's saddle skirts.
El Orlente, the second cholrp, lost the
last race over a mile to Prestolus, a 16
to 1 shot, by a nose. Jack Martin, who
piloted the outsider, saved a world of
ground by cutting across lots in the
etretch, getting tha decision on the last
stride. Illowaho was third. Hrennus.
the favorite, died away In the stretch.
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
Immediately after the race Harry.
Green, of Spokane, owner of Sad Sam.'
claimed Money Muss for $102.", the yel
low horse being entered to be sold for
$700. The judges did not exactly like
the complexion of ' afrairs and the
stables of Green and P. C. Donaleche, in
whose name Money Muss races, were
ordered suspended, pending further in
vestigation of the.ract.
A -well balanced card attracted the
full coterie of racegoers and the betting
was heavy. Four favorites, a second
choice and One rank outsider annexed
purses. „
Walter Jennings' crack sprinter Shot
Gun, at odds- of 3 to 5 showed his field
no mercy in the five-and-a-half furlong
purse event The big fellow, with Jack
Martin In the turret, went to the front
when the barrier exploded, and, even
with the emergency brakes called into
requisition, landed his 119 pounds first
Sad Sam. the forlorn half-breed
sprinter, right off the Irons, sizzling
hot. done brown to a turn, made a sor
ry-looking spectacle of his field yester
day in the' .third event at Ingleside.
Latest returns show that -he was
backed off the boards at the track, the
hand books about town. were burned to
a crisp, and the pool rooms at Seattle,
Oklahoma. Spokane, Hong-Kong, Skag
way. Honolulu. Hot Springs, • Kanka
kee. 111..' Cairo. Egypt, and Stockton.
California, are aware by this time that
Money Muss Is no match for the demon
of the jungles. " »
In the 'opening betting it was 2»£ to
1 and take your pick about the two
horses mentioned. Looking a v.vo-horse
affair little consideration was fjiven
Albemarle, St. Winlfride or the other
starters. Along toward po3t time Sad
Sam' had" been played down to i to 5 and
evens, while the odds against the Muss
horse soared skyward. It was another
case of Jack and Jill.
¦ Sad Sam won by himself, with Money
Muss and the others tum'ollnjj in after
him. Sherwood, who rode Sad Sam,
evidently had orders to make every
post a lamp post, for he was still rid
ing the favorite when the winning line
was crossed, ten lengths in front.
TWO [ STABLES SUSPENDED.
TEAMS EVENLY 3IATCHED
FAVORITE NEVER IN IT
Indians and Reliance Ready
for Fierce Contest To-Day
on the Richmond Gridiron
W. B. Sink's Representative
Leads From Start to Finish
in Big- Event at Ascot Park
Judges. Do Not Like the Looks of the Race and Both
Stables Are Suspended— Shotgun Is" Too Speedy
| for Kenilworth— Dick Turpin Holds Up H. L Frank
BOTH ELEVENS
ARE CONFIDENT
SAD SAM, IN A MOMENT OF MERRIMENT,
RUNS CIRCLES AROUND MONEY MUSS
INAUGURAL WON
BY THE FOG
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,' FRIDAY: DECEMBER; 25. 1003.-
YOUNG CORBETT WEIGHS 132 3-4 POUNDS IN FIRST TRIAL SCALES
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
10
SEE THE PICTUKE
THE 1904 GI.RL
This Is the 3Iost Dazzling-
ly Beautiful Creature
You Ever Saw.
NEW YEA^S EDITION
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
ADVZBTISZMENTS.
Telephone John 371.
=N. S. H AND=
Secretary and ofS- Sxjirt Bia41nn«r.
ilal handlcapper for
the "Metropolitan ZOOMS X.' 3 aad 3.
Horse Owners" and ll0 cTHAVTrlU *T
"inuratau" Turf A,- ||3 STOCKTON ST.,
sociatlons o£ New
Terk. 8»a Friaeijo*, Cal.
Terms (during California scaaoa oalj), 74
«r day or J10 per w«ck.The coldest place on earth inhabited
by man is Verkhoyansk, above the
arctic circle, hi Northeastern Siberia.
The thermometer there drops to 90 de
greep below zero in January, but some
times it rises to 86 degrees above zero
in the shade in July, dropping, how
ever,, to the freezing point on the
warmest s«mmer nights. The hottest
place in the. world is. the interior of
the great Sahara desert, in Africa,
where the thermometer rises to 122 de
grees. The .wettest place is^Greytown.
Nicaragua, " where the -mean annual
rainfall is .260 inches. .The place of
least rain is Fqrt Nollotlu in South
Africa, where less than an inch some
times falls in a. year.— Pittsburg Press.
Coldest and Hottest Places*
Pile of Diamonds.
The largest pile of diamonds ever
brought together was collected at the
De Beers mine in South Africa In July,
1900. The directors wanted to know
the quantity of diamonds necessary to
fill a certain measure. Diamonds of all
kinds were put in Just as mined, and
it was thus ascertained that a cubic
meter of diamonds weighs 11,976,000
carats and has an approximate value
of about $76,000,000. Up* to the present
time the Kimberley mines have pro
duced more than $600,000,000 worth of
uncut diamonds. — Geographical Mag
azine. . .. - >
The "Sola" Tree of India.
The "sola" tree of India is a" small
tree, from G to 10 feet high, with a ta
pering stem. . The leaves are consum
ed as a vegetable and the light, spongy
wood serve* for a variety of purposes,
the latest being sun-proof hats or hel
mets. The wood is <:ut into thin bands,
which are stuck together and molded
into shape. Another recent use for
the wood is to make non-conducting
covers, or vessels for. keeping water
and other drinks cool. They "might be
useful at home in summer.— London
Globe. •¦¦¦ . .
Truth often has" a sting in its tail. *••
A few, days ago she approached her
father with disgust and weariness
written all over her tiny features.
"Papa," she said, "let's get' out of
Congress and go bacK to Alabama to
live." ;
"Why,. daughter," exclaimed Mr. Bo
wie, "don't yqn like "Washington? It
is the most beautLful city in the land."
" 'Taln't," responded the small girl
with conviction. "It's a horrid place.
Why, papa,'-' she continued, the light c-f
triumphant argument in her eye, "there
isn't mud enough in all Washington to
make a single pie."— Washington Post.
Representative Bowie of Alabama has
a little daughter to whom life in the
national capital has been a disappoint
ment. In her Alabama home she has
as her playgrounds expansive lawns
and fields filled with flowers, and her
freedom-loving spirit rebels against
the asphalt streets and granolithic side
walks c-f Washington. •
Child Weary of Washington.
The Philippine Islands have a general
coast line of about 11,441 statute miles,
or double that of the main part of the
United States, while the total area is
115.026 sauare miles, or less than that
of- Xew Mexico. There is a mile of
coast line to every ten miles of area,
while in the United States the .propor
tion is 1 to 555. There are nearly 1700
Islands having names, and it is possible
to count 3000 islands and islets on the
charts. Even the larger land masses
are so elongated in figure that no point
in any island is more than sixty miles
distant from Lome part of the coast.—
National Geographic Magazine.
. Philippine Coast Line.
The Latest London Slanff.
"Rita," the social chronicler of Lon
don, Is poking h'er pen into the "smart"
set, and In the Gentlewoman she'"criti
cizes the language heard at restau
rants, in the stalls of the theaters, the
grandstands of race courses and -the
fashionable women's clubs. She has
picked .. up a small vocabulary ' of
"smart" slang. "Twe-est" means
"dearest" and "diskie" Is disgusting."
A " royal personage" is called a "man
man,"* with, no doubt, a glance' at Mr.
Shaw's superman. Things that are ex
pensive are "expie," a tea gown la a
"tagie" and the meaning of a "nightie**
scarcely needs the explanation. But
"Rita" shrinks from tne interpretation
of "undies" and "cossles," placing op
posite only a mark of Interrogation".—
N'e* York "World. •-.-..
first avenue. 225 S of H street. S 75 by w 12d;
Henry J. and Amelia Breuer to .Bernhard
Getz. lot on E line of Ninth avenue. ISO S of
H street. 8 25 by E 120; $10.
¦ J W. Wriicht & Sons Investment Company,
to Richard Barker, lot on W line of Forty
fourth avenue, 10O N of K street, N 75 by W
120; $10.
• Felix H. Irvine to Solomon Getz, lot on W
line of Forty-elehtb avenue. 137:6 S of K
street. S 25 by W 120: $10.
George and Kate Ryan to Maurice Buckley,
lot on SE line of Precita avenue. 25 SW of
Ryan avenue. SW 25 by-SE SO. Precita Valley.
219 to 233; $10.
Same to Louis Smith, lot on SE line of Pre
cita avcnr.e. 00 SW of Ryan avenue, SW .5
by SE SO, Precita Valley. 219 to 223; $10.
Margaret Hamilton to George Ryan, SW cor
ner of lot 106. E along N line of Califor
nia avenue 30 by N 75. lot ltW. Precita Val
ley; $10.
George and Kate Ryan to Charles J.
Woodall. lot en E line of Condon street. 25 N
of Pcralta, N 24 by E 70. Frecita Valley. 234
to 236: $10.
Estate of Drury Melone (by Sarah B. Me
lone. oxecutrix) to William C. Hamertcn. lot
on E line of Dolores street. 213 S of Thirtieth.
S 50. E 79:11. NE to point 213 S of Thirtieth,
W 102.32. block 31, Fairmount Tract: $1400.
. Sarah B Melone to same, same, quitclaim
deed; $10.
Soloirron and Dora Getz to John H. Kruse.
lot on SW line of China, avenue, 75 SE of
Lisbon street. SE 21 :« by SW 100. block 21>,
Excelsior Homestead; $10.
John L.. and Phebe L. Dodge to Jacob_Welss>
beln. lot on E line of London street. 2»u f» of
Russia avenue. M 25 by E 100. block 11. Ex
celsior Homestead; $10.
D L. and Ida F. Westover to Harry B. Bell,
lot 28 and S 5 feet of lot 27. block C. Sunset
Heights, first property to ret right of way
over striD 10 by SO next adjoining en N* of
land herelnabove conveyed, quitclaim <Jee<l;
$10. •
Building Contracts.
Golda Alexander (owner) with Universal Con
struction Company (contractors), architect M.
J. Is/oti — All work for an eleven-story and base
ment fireproof hotel and store buliding on N
line of Geary street. 215 W of Powell, N 137:8
by W 34;P%: $168,993, %'
John Breuner (owner) with Delanoy & Rand
lett (contractors), architects Henry H. Meyers
and C. K. "Ward — All work for a two-»tory
frame building on lot commencing at & point
75 S from SW corner of Sixth avenue and C
street, S 25 by W 100; $4150.
Charles K,Hansen (owner) with M. T. Gale
(contractor), architects H. Getlfuss & Son — Ex
cavation, concrete, brick, stone, granite work
and ventilators for a three-story brick buildln?
on W corner of Second and Silver streets. NW
70. SW 90, SE 47. XE 30, SE 23. NE 60; $10.
245. **
Same owner with Henry Munster (contractor),
architects same — Carpenter;, mill, stair work.
roofing, glazing and hardware for same on
same; $7150.
Same owner with Brode &' Clark Iron Works
(contractors), architects fame — Iron and steel
work, etc.; for same on same; $3346.
Wants to Buy Another Ear.
A special to the New York Sun from
Ironwood. Mich., says: The. grafting
of an ear to the head of a Western
man In a Philadelphia hospital has a
sequel. Though the man who sold his
ear.to a rlch v man for $5000_,.macle the
sacrifice willingly, now that the £ar is
gone he misses it, and is. seeking for
another ear to replace the one he sold.
That Is the story which has devel
oped fro.m the visit to Dr. O. V. Steb
blns of this city of. a Hungarian mirier^
The official statistics respecting the
births, marriages and deaths registered
In France during the year 1902 have just
been published in Paris. The excess of
births over deaths is shown to have been
83,044, an increase of 11,546 when com
pared with the previous year. This in
crease, however. Is not due to an In
crease.in the number of births but to a
decrease in the number of deaths, seeing
that there were 11.806 births and 24.443
deaths less in 1902 than in 1901. Tfle
figures, therefore, are only apparently
favorable, and the Increase of the popu
lation of France continues to be very
slow indeed. As an example, the statis
tics for the five years from 1896 to 1900
fchow that when the population of this
country increases by 13 inhabitants, in
Germany it increases by 147, in Belgium
by 109, m Great Britain by 116 and in
Italy by 110. The number of marriages
showed a decrease of S683. but divorces
increased by 690. The births numbered
845.37S (431.246 boys and 414.132 girls).
74.071 of the total being 1 illegitimate.
The number of deaths was 761,434 (395.
534 males and 365,900 females). — Paris
Messenger.
French and Other Vitality.
In spite of all efforts to stop the
slaughter of birds for millinery pur
poses, the havoc made is still enor
mous. In London there is every au
tumn an auction sale lasting several
weeks, at which hundreds of thou
sands of bird?, mostly from the Ma
layan archipelago, Australia, and
South America; are sold. A recent
collection included eight varieties of
birds of paradise. — New York Com
mercial.
SlauRlit^r Still Continues.
Sperry Dye to Lizzie Dye, lot on SE corner
of Third avenue and Lake street. E S2;6 by
S 23; gift. .-. " ¦-¦ - :
Edward C. "Bergln to Sperry. W. Jr.. Corodon
and Mllo E Dye and Amy Brown <wjr& of A.
B.) lot on N line of B street: 32:6 \V of Elev
enth avenue. W 25 by N 100; $10.
Henry D. Hawks to J.- Frank Walters, lot
on S line of -H street. 32:9 W of Forty-first
avenue. W 50 by S 100; $800.
J. Frank and Marea Walters to Sprlnp Val
ley "Water Company, lot . on W line of Forty-
James C. O'MaJIey. to Augustine \ almont,
lot on E line of Lexineton street, . 1S5 N of
Eighteenth, N 25 by E 80: $10.
Edward I. Walsh to Rose Dunn, lot on N
Ime of Twenty-seventh street, 245 E of Church,
E 26 by N 114; $10.
Same to Mamie Leonard, lot on N line of
Twenty-seventh street, 270 E of Church, E
25 by N 114: $10.
Same to Margaret Dunn, lot on N line of
Twenty-seventh street, 205 E of Church, E
25 by N 114: $10.
Joseph F. Renner to Arthur H. Elliot, undi
vided one-third of lot on S line of Twenty
third street. 150:10 W of Diamond. W 25:10
by S 114; $10. ,
Margaret J. and Thomas Morffew. ana
Amanda C. and Jonathan J. Crooks to R _s.
Browne, lot on W line of Dupont street, 13. :6
S of Jackson, W 137:6; $10. ,
Guy T. Wayman E. J. Hooper and Robert
H Fitzgerald (referees in action of Florence A.
Brown vs. Thomas A. KeoRh. and as trustees
for Robert L. Crooks under estate of Susan
Crooks) to same, same; $26.50(».
Blanche Oullf to Louis Altmark, lot on E
Una of Larkln street. 35:6 N o/ Clay. N -4 by
Louis Altmark to Estella Altmark. lot on
E line. of Larkln street. 35:6 N, of Clay. N 34
by R E S.' 5 Browne et al. vs. Amanda C. Crooks et
al <by G. T. Wayman. E. J. Hooper and R.
H.' Fitzgerald referees) to Margaret J. Morf
few and, Amanda C. Crooks, lot on SE line
of Stevenson street 57:6 NE of/TOrd NE 60.
SE 60 SW 7. SE 60. SW 27:6. NW 38. SW 4.
N\V 31 SW 21:6, NW 60: also lot on SE line
of Steventton street.. 117:6 NE Of Third. NE CO,
SE 69 6W 20 SE 69. SW 47. NW t®. NE 7.
NW 69; $107,500.
R. S. and Florence A^ Browne to same, un
divided four-fifteenths of. same; $10-
Charlty Hay ward (wife of Alvlnza) and
Emma Rose (wife of A. W.) to Jersey Farm
Company (corporation), lot on NE line of
KlBhth street., 200 SE of Harrison. SE 50 by
NE 165; $10.
Carl Carlson to Hannah Carlson, commenc
lntc 300 S of.Napa street and 42 E of Illinois,
S 133 by E 25; gift
THURSDAY. DECEMBER 24.
City and County of £an Francisco to Ella E.
HotaHntr. lot on E line of Franklin street, ui.e
N of Clay, N «4:2y 4 by E 137:6; %— — ¦ .
Estate of Archie C. Page <by administrator)
to William J. Trimble, lot on N line of Filbert
street, 100 E of Franklin, E 33:4 by N 13. .6,
?10C0. • ,' vi
J. B Dillon to Catherine Dillon, lot on S
line of gutter street. 45:9 E of Lagnina, t. -u
by S 95: Klft. ¦ ..
Kate M. Mulloy to Charles w ', Mu "°J': t C *^."
erino M. Keyt (Mulloy) and Ella F »).
lot on S line of Golden Gate avenu«- M7:« «
of Flllmore street. \V 27:6 by S 13. :6; K'"-;
City and County of San Francisco to Lavinia
J. Hotaling. lot on W line of Ninth and How
ard streets; SW 45":4. NW.*0. SW W8, NW >4. :0
NE 113:4, SE 127:6; also lot on NE corner of
California and Franklin streets, i- 1J5:j Dy
N 137:6; t . '
Charles C, Susan A. and Charlotte D. Jud
son and Sophia C. and C. S. Benedict to Jud
son Estate Company (a corporation), lot on
SW corner of Market and Valencia streets. S
17«:10% W 207:3, NE 272:44; also lot on Vv
line of Sanchez street, 128 S of Seventeenth. S
25 by W 100. and property out of county;
shares of stock and $
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
from Hurley, Wis., who has received
a letter from the East offering him
$1000 for an ear to replace that which
was" taken from its owner in the hos
pital. The Hungarian's name is kept
a secret by the physician, who says
that the call made upon him was pro
fessional, the Hungarian wanting to
know if the operation would be safe.
The doctor thinks that the caller will
undergo the operation, as he was
advised that the process was not dan
gerous.
The Hungarian was applied to. It is
understood, because he was one of
those who responded to the New York
advertisement offering $5000 for an
ear.
Five remarkable patients, who have
arrived from the trans-Caspian terri
tory are now inmates of a hospital in
St. Petersburg. The heads and bodie3
of these persons are perfectly normal,
but their hands and feet are not com
pletely developed. They present the
appearance of grown-up persons upon
whom the extremities of children of
12 have been fixed. The patients are
descendants of Russian Cossacks who
emigrated to the trans-Caspian terri
tory. It is stated that half of these
Cossacks are deformed in a similar
manner — a fact which was confirmed
by a physician sent by the Govern
ment to examine the phenomenon. —
New York Commercial Advertiser.
A Race of Cripples.
To keep the 30.000 odd miles cJ
telegraph lines in order in Great Brit
ain and provide for the proper dis
jiatch and delivery of the millions of
mess£g»s that pass over them every
month entails an expenditure of about
£2.250.000 a year, and of this total
more than £1.500.000 goes in ptying
the salaries and wages of the immense
staff of engineers, skilled operators and
messengers and of those who direct
their operations and keep the account*
straight. — New York Commercial.
Cost of Telefrraph Repairs.
"Jedge, th* fust two* years uv mar
ried life were like th' sunshine on th'
meddow an' th' co'nfleld. Then came
t' rumblin's uv th' storm. Th' clouds
done cum up an' th* wind do blow. Der
were rustlln's an' murmurln's, an' th'
sun an' th* moon dun quit shlnin*. Den
th' rain, dats ¦ th 1 teardraps, an' th*
thunder, dats th' rumblln* - uv " huh
voice, dun knocked th' happiness out
uv our lives. Now, Jedge, it's all hail
an' hell." — New York Times.
"How long did I cou't huh, how long
did I cou't huh?" replied the old man
breaking into peals of laughter. "I
didn't cou't huh, she done cou't'd me!"
And the.n. says the Gazette, he went on
as follows, while the court sat spell
bound: • • ¦ 'y
Who says > the wellsprings of poesy
cannot bubble up in the bosom of the
aged? The Lawrence Gazette gives an
account of the divorce suit brought by
"Uncle" Patterson against his young
wife. Patterson took the stand In his
own be.half. His description of his
married life convulsed the spectators.
"How long did you court your wife?"
he was asked.
Sunshine and Storm.
Th* tuit of District Attorney Lewis
F. Byington against Emil Kehrlein,
lessee of the premises at 1129 Dupont
street, was given a part hearing by
Judge Sloss yesterday, then continued
to January 4. The action Is to declare
the Hotel Marsicano, conducted by the
defendant, a nuisance.
Partially Hears Byington"? Suit.
A jury was impaneled in Judge
Lawlor's court yesterday to try the
caae of John H. Powell, charged with
the murder of Special Officer Robert
A. Sample on Folsom street, between
First and Second, on the morning of
August 11. The examination of. the
witnesses was postponed till Monday.
Powell Jury Impaneled.
A small kitten; the property of John
M. Yore, 710 First avenue, St. Joseph,
Mich., is dead. That fact itself Is not
startling, but the manner of the kitten's
death is so unusual that It has aroused
much Interest on the part of neighbors,
physicians and veterinarians in this
city.
The kitten, in a moment of excessive
playfulness twelve days ago, swallowed
a hatpin. The animal was only four
months old, and of the usual size for
such an age. The hatpin was seven
inches lons\ with a stone, head. Mr.
Yore noticed the kitten piayirfg' with
the ornament, which came from his
daughter's hat. Soon afterward the
pin was missing. Search w&3 futile,'
and the kitten, which continued to be
as sportive as ever, gave no symptoms
of distress until a few days ago, when
it became 111 and subject to fits. This
started a controversy In the household.
One side asserted that the kitten had
swallowed the hatpin. The other ridi
culed the idea as physically impossible.
Neither would weaken, however, and
finally Mr. Yore became convinced
that the only means of solution of the
mystery lay in a searching examina
tion of pussy's anatomy. > No X-ray
being handy, chloroform and a knife
Were used. The result was the recov
ery of the hatpin at the cost of the
cat's life. The pin had been swallowed,
Its white. head going down first, the
metal- body following until the point
found a lodging place in the
animal's throat. Before the \ dis
section took - i lace the case was
placed before a physician and two
veterinarians. In their opinion they
declared. that the kitten could not have
swallowed a pin of such length. Later
when the pin was produced and shown
to them they expressed much aston
ishment.—Chicago Inter Ocean.
The Kitten and the Hatpin.
The passengers and crew of the
North German Lloyd steamship Han
nover, Captain Jacobs, which arrived
yesterday from Bremen, were treated
to a novel spectacle a few days ago,
while off Newfoundland Banks, where
a large iceberg was sighted, and on the
great mountain of Ice, perambulating
about from cliff to cliff, were six # large
polar bears. The berg was several
miles from the Hannover, but the bears
were plainly visible with the naked eye
to those cm the vessl, but through a
glass the huge animals could be seen
swinging their ponderous heads to and
fro as they walked aDout on their
floating home. How- the bears got on
the berg and their probable fate afford
ed food for much speculation among
the passengers as' they stood on the
deck and watched the mountain of ice
and its prisoners 'growing smaller in
the distance as night came on. Spring
Is the usual- seasdn for Icebergs, and
the presence or the piece of an Arctic
glacier- on' the Atlantic at this time of
the year is unusual. The bears were
evidently on the Iceberg- when it glided
froni the share into the Atlantic Ocean.
It will drift south until melted to noth
ing by the warn> waters of the , Gulf,
stream. The Iceberg was sighted In lat
itude 44.54 north and longitude 48.29
west. -
Polar Bears on Icebergs.
The building is of stone and it has
been known for nearly a century as
the "'76 house.". . Presumably it was
built in .that year. It was a tavern
when Andre was confined there and it
is a tavern still. For many years prior
to its partial destruction in 1897 it
had been unoccupied, and it was,
therefore, in poor condition to with
stand the strong winds. Immediately
after it was purchased by Charles A.
Pike, a native of Tappan, who re
stored the house as nearly as possible
to its former state. One room, how
ever, has been converted into a bar
room, and it is the resort for the gayer
element in the little village. Directly
across the hall is the Andre prison
room, which is carefully preserved for
the inspection of visitors.
Major John Andre, the British of
ficer who was hanged as a spy in the
Revolutionary War by order of Gen
eral Washington, is to this day regard
ed more as a victirn of circumstances
than as one guilty of the charge of
which he -vvas convicted. The house
in which he was imprisoned previous
to his execution still stands in the little
village of Tappan, near the border line
between New York and New Jersey,
about twenty-one mites from- New
York. The house is practically the
same now as it was 123 years ago, al
though a storm in March, 1897, de
stroyed part of the house and leveled
a side wall, which has been rebuilt,
however. * '
The house has long been an object
of interest to tourists and it has lately
attracted some attention because of
the resurrection of the theme of An
dre's death by Clyde Fitch, the play
wright, who has laid the scenes of his
last act in the play "Major An,dre,"
now running at the Savor Theater, in
this celebrated house.
The Historic Structure Is Now Used
As a Tavern With a Bar
Attached.
PRISON' THAT HELD THE
UNFORTUNATE >L\JOR ANDRE
A Xew York director of renown will
attend to the work of furnishing the
new hotel, under the immediate direc
tion of the f wner. , t . •
Mrs. Oelrichs expects to leave Ran
Francisco for Xew York In a day or
two.
Mrs. Herman N. Oelrichs, since her
recent journey from New York to San
Francisco, has given a great deal of
personal attention to the Hotel Fair
mont, now in process of construction on
the beautiful and commanding site on
the crest of California street hill. She
is now the supreme director of the en
terprise. Some time ago the Oelrichs
purchased the Vanderbilt interest in
the property. A few days ago Mr. Oel
richs conveyed to his wife all of his in
terest in the land and building. Yester
day she completed all arrangements for
the Immediate completion and speedy
equipment of the superb hotel. It is
said that the house will be' furnished
with every modern facility for the com
fort and delight of guests. A vast sum,
of money will be required to carry out
the plans of equipment accepted by
Mrs. Oelrichs.
Christmastide flowed merrily in
United States Commissioner Heacock's
court yesterday. The Judge had an
nounced in the beginning of the. week
that he intended to take a ten days*
vacation, and when a procession of
lawyers walked in at 10 o'clock yes
terday forenoon his countenance fell
at the prospect of more work on the
eve of the great Christmas holiday.
"What do they mean by coming in
here with more business when they
know I want to get away on my vaca
tion?" he muttered under his breath.
Judson Brusie, the playwright au
thor of "I. O. U.," stepped forward
and began to spout hot air. Before
the Judge could recover from his
amazement Mr. Brusie, in the name
of the United States District Attor
ney's office and of the lawyers prac
ticing before the court, presented the
upright Judge with a beautiful cut
crystal water set with silver trim
mings. ; Mr. Brusie made a flowery
speech on behalf of the members of
the Federal bar, conveying their sen
timents of esteem and confidence.
Then D. D. Jones, better known as
"Peacon" Jones, came In for a glad
surprise. Mr. Jones is a Welshman,
but he speaks Chinese as well. In his
official capacity as Chinese interpreter
for the District Attorney's office and
in his personal capacity as managing
editor of the missionary magazine en
titled "Mongolian Pagans . Snatched
From the Burning," he received a
fountain pen fllagreed with silver. Mr.
Jones was so much affected that he
clothed his reply in Welsh and Can
tonese.
. A. B. Kreft, the courteous clerk of
Judge Heacock, -was presented with a
silver match box appropriately in
scribed, i /
The condition of the Bress or Naugh
ton woman, however, was too signifi
cant and the disorganized state of the
house furnishings bore out the evidence
of a drunken ."time." The landlady at
tributed the confused . appearance of
her dwelling to the fact that she was
preparing for a paper-hanger. Her ex«
cuse was not considered, and the Cor
oner's deputy put down the case as
"woman upsets lamp while drunk and
dies as a result of her burns."
revelry.
Mrs. M. Sneider "was burned to death
In her room in a house at 207 Tehama
street about 9 o'clock last night. Mrs.
Rneider was having a drunken carousal
in her room with a woman named
Bress, who said she was the wife of one
Naughton.
In the midst of the Christmas eve
celebration a coal oil lamp was upset
by the drunken women and Mrs.
Sneider's clothing caught fire. The fire
department was summoned by outsid
ers who - saw the flames, and the blaze
was quickly extinguished. The unfor
tunate woman was removed to . the
Emergency Hospital, but died before
the ambulance reached there. Her
body was removed to the Morgue. She
was about 45 years of age. The Bress
woman, was taken to the hospital and
booked for alcoholism.
The little house In which tne accident
occurred is a squalid affair of the dirty
type that abounds in that portion of
the city. Mrs. Mary Brant, the land
lady, denied that there had been any
drinking in her house or that she or
Naughton had taken any part . in the
Vast Sum of Money Will Be
Needed to Furnish the
House According" to Design
David 'fi. Jones dnd Clerk
Kreft Also Share in the
Joy of the Holiday Occasion
Her Companion in Christmas
Eve Folly Is Taken to the
Hospital in Drunken Stupor
PLANS FOR EQUIPMENT
JUD BRUSIE THE SPEAKER
DIES . IN THE AMBULANCE
3Irs. Hermann Oelrichs, Xow
Sole Director of the Fair
mont Enterprise, Is in City
Members of the Federal Bar
Express Their Appreciation
of His Judicial Integrity
»V
3Irs. 3f. Sneider, While Intoxi
cated, Is Burned to Death by
Upsetting 1 ' of Coal Oil Lamp
H. J. Sullivan will speak before the
<>utdoorArt League next Monday aft
ernoon at 3 o'clock at th*> Sorosis Club
rooms, 1620 California street. Mr. Sulli
van has taken for his subject "Parks
«{ San Francisco." and will go back to
the pioneer days and give the entire
history of Golden Gate Park, explain
ing how it was created. All who are in
torested in the subject and the work
being promoted by the Outdoor Art
League are cordially invited to be pres
ent. Mrs. Grace Davis Nrirthrup will
add pev^ral songs to the programme.
Those present were Miss Helen Chese
brough. Miss Christine Fomeroy, Miss
Helen Bowie. Miss Ruth McNutt, Miss
Margaret Newhall. Miss Dorothy Git
tir.gs. Miss Gertrude Hyde-Smith. Miss
Lucy Coleman. Miss Stella McCalla,
Miss Alys Sullivan. Miss Olga Ather
t'in. Miss Newell Drown, Miss Howard,
Miss Elsie Taliant. Prescott Scott. Har
ry Scott. Percy King. Sidney Salisbury.
Frank King-. George Cadwalader, Har
ry Stetson. Herbert Baker, Harry Oel
riehs. John L.awson, Joseph Tobin Jr.,
Dr. Eugene Zeile. Hamilton Bowie and
William G. Irwin.
Mrs. W. G. Irwin gave an elaborate
dinner last evening at her handsome
residence. Washington and L*aguna
streets. The guests chosen were repr>e
•entive of the young set and a few
winter buds were visions of beauty in
their smart frocks. The decorations
were beautiful and entirely in keep
ing with yuletide. A glittering Christ
mas tree was placed in the centt-r of
the table and surrounded with holly
and red berries. The favors consisted of
musical instruments for the men and
a small Sar.ta Claus for each of the
young women present. Everything was
perfectly* arranged for the pleasure of
the guests and the time was delight
fully spent
Aft«=r the congratulations and good
wishes a wedding supper was served.
Later in the evening; Dr. and Mrs.
*fjich left for a wedding trip, and v ill
not return until after the first of th.*
y<»ar. The couple will probably reside
in Sacramento.
A pretty wedding took place last
evening at the. residence of Mrs. Laura
C. Cokon, 17S1 Green street, when her
prand-daujrhtcr. Miss Evelyn Haekott,
bfcamp tho bride of Dr. "Willard S
Beach, a rising young dentist of this
city. The ceremony was performed at
S:£0, the Rev. Burr Weeden officiatins?.
Thirty pruettt., including relatives ani
intimate friends of botlf families, wit
nessed the nuptials and took rart in
the wedding festivities. The bride was
attend, d by her sister. Miss Ray Haek
ett. Dr. Mnr.roe Marx acted as best
man. The bride was arrayed in pale
b'u • crepe de chine. She wore no
bridal veil, merely a white aigrette in
h^r hair and carried a bouquet of Bride
ir,=. 5. The maid of honor was gowned
in white liberty silk and carried pink
baby roses.
FATAL ENDING
OF CAROUSAL
JUDGE HEACOCK
IS REMEMBERED
JOIN HANDS
FOR LIFE AT
CHRISTMASTIDE
ACTIVE WORK
ON NEW HOTEL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. DECEMBER 25, 1903.
New Orleans and Galvestpn.now ex
port more wheat than New York.
11
A NEAT LITTLE GIFT
TO CALL WANT
ADVERTISEBS
DO YOU WANT. A PRETTY
AND USEFUL LITTLE
ARTICLE?
If so,, get one of THE
CALL'S five-foot tape meas-
nres by bringing jour little
want ad.. to The Call for in-^
sertlon in the New Year's
edition to be • Issued next
" Sunday. Remeniber that, this .
premium is' given only to
Want advertisers and cannot
* be obtained in any. other way.
ADVEBTISEMZNTS.
I '. J - , lur
Moray* th» Same Good Old Blati
r-stf&S&a HENAMDWOMEH.
<?/<'r&f r T~nf?$&*3 C»c BigG (or tan natural
E2tff !Swut»i H irritation* or oIceratioM
ffSY no. «• «H«nr*. ™ of mlcoBi meznbi »ce«.
l~ - S l-rrr»rU Crnmurl—- P*.in",*t*. and not MtrlD'
rTaVKEEttKSwKa'gaCO. ** at or P°" 0Dc;li - ¦
VfgEA CiK5UUUH,CE3fl MelO. by »ro»yUt«» '
XltfWL' iii.1.' jfmk or Mat in c!»in wrapper.
•5e£Sw~ ~^^H br express. rr<r»i<l. ror
\WMORra *1 1 ¦»• " r 3 bottle tJ.7». — ]
T^OBP^r ¦* CirccUs wet w» muert. '
Li_i__iLM-j_jnaju-Mij.B_iiiji mlb iluijijll m lj,j.-.-l .''^¦MgMif"— '¦w'*^^-
¦[¦-' A CALENDAR I "If REE" TO READERS]
ART PICTURES «
| FOR 1901: j j .....CALL... ' j
• • . ." • . . . - *
; ''{-"¦¦ • . il ' - -¦
"LADY IN RED."
! A Striking Girl in Red. A Rich Calendar in Three Colors
i =. ¦ ¦
1-1 N XEXT SUNDAY'S SUPPI^EMEXT THE CALL secured, for Its
exclusive use, the richest, most expensive and novel New Year's
feature thnt hns ever been offered by a newspaper to Its readers. \
i === * "A 1004 Girl" is one of Bryson's last productions In pastel.
. portraying a decidedly chic figure hi dashing colors, effecting a
t- ; 1 1 ' ' * ¦ stady that has Jn. itself a distinct character. .
! . This will d'oubtless outlive this celebrated artist's former efforts, judg-
ing, by the opinions expressed by art critics, who all have agreed that it t
is on e of the'flnest of modern studies, from life.- The picture Is panel shape ¦ -
.' . . . with dark background, surrounded by an artist's sketch of the months of :
the coming year, being furnished on heavy paper of the best quality, size . . j
10}4xl5 inches.
IMPORTANT TO EEAR IN 311 ND — That it Is absolutely Impossible — — —
to estimate the exact number that will -be necessary to supply the demand,
V and as these art supplements are manufactured for The Call by its Eastern
printing house. If you are not at present a regular subscriber, you are likely
to be disappointed unless your newsdealer, carrier or this office Is in- {
structed in advance to reserve for you, as we are obliged to order in advance. *
! 1 NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL H
I — : r; ; . "...
j Read The Daily Call— Greater San Francisco's Greatest Paper..; -
f PUCE YOUR "ORDERS EARLY^
|]52l!i CENTURYl
] COOKBOOK
Another shipment will
arrive about January 21,
1904.
In order to satisfy the
demand for this premium
we have ordered another „
carload of these books, .
and all persons sending to
The Cook Book Depart-
ment of this paper a six
months' subscription to
The Dally and Sunday
Call may secure one of the . "•.
Twentieth Century Cook . . :'•"
Books at the> premium >*
rate of 50c. .' ¦•. ". .''
Oot-of-towD subscrfasri should 'remit
20c additional to -prepay- transportation
charges. : •-• ' ¦¦.:*. :According to a German contemporary
American-made lawn tennis, golf and
cricket shoes have made their appear
ance on t he' German market, and their
Imports, -it is said, are steadily increas
ing. W$ffi£&$&
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
Second Feet.
DATE.
I3C2. 1903.
D»r.«-tT!r.er 1" l^2n ];,.-,
December 11 iiso i.v>
December IS ]<*u> i!."
Dr. ember IK R50 • lir.
December 17 1 7ao ur,
IliT-tnber IK f..V> j J.-.:,
I'cvcnibfr lit j 00 I
KINGS HIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
DATE. s'e^nTTeTT"
1902. 1903.
D«-c«-tnber 13 72s 2.V)
IVcrniber -14 . 520 '2M
December- 15 4ko i*.v>
IH-i-ein^r Hi.. 4S0 2.V1
December 17 2.V)
Dercmlor IS 4£i>
Decrmbor 10 j 4S0 2M
TULK P.IVER. NEAR PORTERVILLeT
Det-emoVr 13 fif. .w
l.»«enil>er 14 71 '.'At
Ivi-emhrr 15 *;»< s<»
r.dtmb«r 1« • «4 ;:o
De-einl»er 17 Hi :,ii
DrremJrr IK «1 no
DccemVr l'J 07 50
FRIDAY. DECEMBER 2.'..
Sun Rises 7:23 a. m.
Sun Sets 4 :55 p. ¦ m.
Moon Sets 11:20 p. m.
2 ITimei (Time ITlme Time
h 1 Ft. Ft. U Ft. Ft.
H |H \\\ ILW |H W L W
U5 4:28| 5.o;iO:25[ 2.7 «:40 . 3.81 0:51 ,1.2
26 6:ai| 6.2 Tl:25 2.3 5:03 3.ti|l0:40 l.b
27 5:411 5.2 12:14 1.9 (i:2:t :5.Ojll:32 2.0
28 «:?2l 5.3 1 :0-V 1.317:42 3.71
L \\| III Wf L W |H TV
2J» I 0:2S| 2.31 7 U12 8.5 1 :5f» O.q 8:05 4 0
;;0 I 1:2.1 2.»! 7:4fi ' S.7I 2:47 «».«| 0:55 4 2
ol 2:1S! 2.7 «:::•>! 5.f»! :»:.12 O.5'1O:46 4.%
1 ) :i:0S! 2.7 0:15|. -Clj 4;17 l.O|ll:24 . 4.Q
NOTE. — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tldes^^re given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tho
\ person who can sit down and com
pletely relax his muscles can obtain
more absolute rest in ten minutes than
the ' person who cannot relax his mus
cles will be able to obtain in an hour.
FILLERS
• Thursday.' December 24.
Stmr CJualala, Hanseri,- 13 .houra from Ben
decs handing. . : '.
sf^mr Point Arena. - Miller." 14 hourg from
Mendocino. . ¦ - .
Srmr ' Fulton, . Lee. 10 hours from Bowens
Landing. -
Stmr 'National City.' Hammar. 15 hours from
Fort Bragg. .
Stmr Redondo., Krog., 34 hours from Re
dondo. * . -. * .
Stmr SaMa Rosa, Alexander, 40 hours from
San Diego. ' >
•Stmr Acme, Lundquist, 77 hoursTrom Graya
Harbor. . • , ¦ ,
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 2S" hours from Mon
terey. ' * ' ' ¦ - " .. .- - _»
.Stmrj Coquille. River, Sanford,- 40 hours from
CrtEccnt City.- --A
Shipping: Intelligence.
ARRIVED
The British steamer Ching Wo sailed yester
day for Hongkong via Tacoma with. WOO lbs
shrimps and 4SCO lbs rice, valued at $5oO. aa
cargo from this port. .
— — — '— ?— '•
Small' Shipment to China.
The French bark JulfS Oomn-.es sailed yester
rlav for Queenstown, for orders, with K).eD6 ctls
bartey, valued at *«£», and 1.1 4-.0 ctls wheat,
valued at $l«.t44. The vessel also carried 22.
000 ft lumber as dunnage, valued at |X!Q.
Grain for Europe.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and ! Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to t>an Krancl6co
Hay. Published by official authority or the
Superintendent.
NOTE. — The hleh and low waters occur at
the cltv front <Misslon-Ktreet wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point: tlje height
of tide Is th« same at both places.
A church recently dedicated in St.
Paul was erected; at a- cost of $7000,
raised by 10,000 contributions of 7 cents
_, r u . - - • -
December 24. lt)C:j.
The Time Hall on the tower of the -Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at H p.
m.. Greenwich tiaie. J. C. BURNETT.
LUutcftant. U. S. N., in charge.'
Branch Hydrojtraphlc Ortice, V. S.'N., Mer
chants" Kxchance, San Francisco. Cal..
'lime Ball.
The follotv'.nc tabie eives a .comparative
statement for two years or the estimated floir
ft certain Callforn'.* rivers in cubic feet per
t-»cond. nr *eoor.d feet, cne second foot etyjal
5r;s &O California miner's Inches, cr about 40
Colorado miner's Inches. . The flrures for the
Ust year may b? revised by later measure
ment*. The flpur^s are by S. G. Bennett,
hydrcrrapher. L'mt*d States Geological Survey:
FLOW OF CALIFORNIA* RIVERS.
The most noticeable development of
recent times has been that of independ
ent telephone companies when com
pared with the business of the Bell
Company, at one time in practical mo
nopoly of the business. That the lat
ter comDany, though by far the the
strongest in all ways individually, no
longer controls the situation is too pa
tent to deny, nor is there anything par
ticularly discreditable to it inthe'fact.
Modern social and business develop
ment has proceeded more rapidly than
it lay within the power of any one con
cern to cope with, even were it not
handicapped . V.y tl:e loss of control of
expired fundamental patents and the
passing into other hands of the owner
ship of improvements. It has done a
great Work, and no one owes the Bell
Company more credit than do the vari
ous independent companies.
To-day the telephone is everywhere
—in office^, factories, trains, steam
ships, churches, on the farmland this
latter application is noteworthy for its
rapidly increasing adoption). War as
well as Deace' calls for it. To prophesy
its .future is. beyond any one. One thins
can be f oreset«n in this (a table show
ing that in 188 towns in 16 States there
are 158.393 independent telephones,
against 84323 BelK.phones) and all such
tables, and that is, as a unification of
Bell and independent interests is con
cededly out of the question, that side
which gains a great economic advan
tage oter the other will achieve a com
manding position of tremendous sig
nificance, whether, such advantages be
localized or general. The immediate
necessity for such economy is in the
field of operating expenses— the heav
iest item.— Cent Per Cent.
Independent Telephone Service.
The schooner \Y. H. Marston was cleared
>»stcii:a> for Honolulu with an assorted mer
<h;ii!di«- careo, valued at ?;J5,907, and lnclud
ins the following:
::0o bt'ls tlour. :t7"5 ctls barley. 300 ctls wheat,
:;R5 < tls coin. 1U9 ctls oats, Z>'J,'2b9 lbs bran,. 42,-
H07 lbs nilildllnsF. 8213 bales hay. oOOO lbs cof
fee. Ulo lbs bread. 14.T.4O lbs meals, 60 bhJs
salmon. ."4 <-s canned goods, "> pkgs provisions,
VO cs table i>repaintions, 4Gr> gals wine, ,100
<-nsks b« j er. K>i> gals 'JU cs whiHky, XtO gals pin,
113 pkgs machinery; iSi pk^sJ miilwork, i>w bdls
Khinglrs. 2a«H ft lumber, is bdls shocks, 210 bxs
soap. "1 cs boots and shoes. 74. »;.><> lbs bitumin.
an* rock. ia,:iM> lbs yellow metal, 27 plcprs as
bestoa, 10.T piles, :«¦».•<> posts. '2 drums acid,' 15
bb's pitch. 11 bales filter cloth; lit coils roi*.
J» ktgs nail«. lo cs turpentine. HO kegs red
lead. 4 cs dry goods, 100 tons fertilizer, 1 horse,
M pes pipe.
A Cargo for Honolulu.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The British yhij: Celtic Monarch, bound frcm
I-ondon for Victoria; put inlo Quoenstown yes
tertJay for repairs, having lost her lore top
gallant mast. 1"
\ Britisher Hoses a Mast.
The rate of reinsurance on the. Paris was
advanced yesterday to 6 per cent. The Willy
Rlcfcrnrxi U quoted at 15 and the \V. J. Pirrle
at 10 p'.r cent.
Oanfa Sails Sor North.
The bie nritlsh frelsrhter Oanfa Billed yes
terday for the north, having discharged in rec
ord time under the skilled direction of Captain
Wilson, superintendent of the Pacific Mall
Dock the laiE<> careo *he broucht here last
Sunday for tho Occidental and Oriental Steam
ship "Company. Th»- Oanfa • Is the largest
tramp cvrr in this iK>rt and attracted consid
erable attention iiurinc *w *Mort stay. She
had to get away In a hurry, us her Chinese
passi-nRera must b» landed In British Columbia
b<>for«* tho tlrft of the year or pay a head tax
of ?5i)0 each. Captain Bartlftt warmly thanked
Cnptnin Wilson for the expeditious manner in
Which the great freighter had been discharged.
The Overdue lAsl.
The steam BChobrier Del Norte, which Is due
early Ihli mornlns from Crescent City, is
thoucht to have on board the crew of the
BChOoner Mary Riihre. which was punk last
Satuirlay morninc about elKht miles off Uum
lKildt Bar after being in tollif Ion' with the Del
Norte.
llrin^injr Slilpwrcfkcd Crew.
TO ARRIVE.
Steam*r. | From,'' I Due.
Phoenix Mendocino IDec. 23
1»H Ncrte Crescent City |Dec. 25
Spokan- Humbol.1t I Dec. 23
S. Monica Grays Harbor [Dec. 25
Coronado Grays Harbor | Dec. 26
Alliance Portland & Wav Ports. |L*c. "H
Oreeor.ian.... New York ' Dec. 26
S. Rorbara... Seattle <fe Olympia..... Dec. 2fl
Columbia Portland * Astoria Dec. 2fl
Chlco Iroqullle River ... ] Dec. 26
Kdith J Tacoma IDec. 27
Siberia China and Japan |Dec. 27
Centennial Hrattle fc Tacoma. ... .IDec. 27
Arcata Coos Bay * Pt. Orford.lDec. 27
Chehalis I Grays Harbor IDec. 27
Kureka | Humboldt IDec. 2.8
Titanla | Nan»!rr!O IDec. 28
Pomona Humboldt IDec. 2s
Ronlta Newport <Sr Way Ports. IDec 23
8tateof CrI.. San Dlejco «- Way Ports|Dec. 2*
City Fuebla. . . PuK<>t Pound Ports 'Dec. 20
W. H. Kruger Seattle and Tacoma |Dec. 211
Curacao Mexican Ports IDec. 21*
Maripoya Tahiti .....IDec. 20
North Fork... Humboldt ....|Dec. 2'J
f'zartna Coos Bay : . . ; | Dee. ."!0
Peru New York vi« Panama. (Dec. SO
Santa Ro-a... Pan Dl»so & Way Ports. IDec. .11
Point Arw.a.. Mendnelrm & Pt. Arena. JDec. 31
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria IDec. 31
Coos Bay Han Pedro & Way Ports|Jan. I
I.'iratllla Ptipet Srvund Ports. |.Ian. 'I
J- dollar Seattle and Tacoma'.... | Jan. :i
Alafneda Honolulu (Jan S
r °Ptl ( ' China and Japan ..'....Uan. ."
Newport .Vcy York- via, Panama. |Jan. 5
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination] Sails. Pier.
December 25.
J. Dollar... Seattle &. Tacoma. V pmlPier 20
Euieka Humboldt ! I 9 amIPier 13
• December 26. | |
Porno . .. Pt. Arena & Albion! 6 pm|Pier 2
Rival:..... | Willapa Harvor...|4 pmlPier 2<>
Pt. Arena... i Pt. Arena & Mdcno 4 pm Pier 2
Barracouta. j N, Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
B. Monica.. Los Antieles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
December 27. | . |
Arctic (¦ Humboldt ......... .110 am|Pier 'I
S. Rosa % p an m*-go Jt Way.f » amlPier 11
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. I 0 amlPier 11
Qu* en PuB»t Sound Ports. Ill am !Pler 9
Spokane Humboldt ..• ll:30p|Pier 9
( „ " " ' " December 28. ' | I <;
Cy. Panam -x. y. v)a E,, rO pp . .|12 •. m!Pier 40
Alliance. . . . I Kureka Jfe Coos Bay| 1 Pier lfi
F. I,»mretf. .[ .\ 8 torta Vfc PortlandllO amlPier 2
Phoenix.... Mendocino City | 1 pm|Pier 13
, i December 29. I > I
Elizattctn.. I (- oqul | Ie Rjver I 4 pmlPier 20
W. Kruger.. j <op Angeles Ports. 110 amlPier 2
Arcata. Coos n..p Orford.jl2 m|Pier IS
Columbia... AstorIa g. p O rtland|ll amlPier 24
December 30. | I
Rainier Seattle & Whatcoml-4 pmlPier 10
Pomona..**.. Humboldt ........ .11:30 p Pier 9
N. Maru.., .;chlna &. Japan....) 1 pm Pier 4n
Chlco.. Coquille River. | 6 pm Pier 2
December 31.- I I
StateCal... San- Diego & Way.. 9 am|Pler 11
Bonita.A... Newport & Way... J> amlPier 11
Sierra :• Sydney &vWay. # .. 2 pmlPier 7
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 amlPier 2
., January" 1. . | . I
North Fork. Humboldt ..." I 2 pmlPier 20
¦ January 2. I I
Acapulco... N. V. \ia Panama.! 12. m|Pier 40
City Puebla Pug»t Sound Ports.lll amlPier W
January 3. ¦ I " I
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portlandlll amlPier 24
FROM SEATTLE. |
Steamer. . • For Sails.
DlriRo SkaKway & Way Ports. Dec. 2«
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.! Jan. 1
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. | Jan. 1
Valencia Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.lJan. 1
Farallon Skacway & Way Ports.|Jan.~ •;
Bertha....... Cooks Inlet & Way. Pts.i Jan. 10
Th» United States gunboat Benninston.
wbtch arrived Wednesday from Seattle, went
up to Mare' Island yesterday to receive a sup
ply nf coal and stores preparatory to sailing
for Panama. Visitor* -%v ill be received this
aftfrn»on on lioard the cruiser New York,
which will salLon Saturday for the, isthmus.
HcnningLon Goes to Marc Island.
Tho numlirr of murders per million
inhabitants is in Kngland 5.13, in Ger
many 5. 0, In Frain-p IL6S, in Austria
JS.C in Italy 7fi.ll and in Spain 44.70.
.«
Movements of Steamers.
day in the order of occurrence an to time; the
fourth time column elves the laat tide of the
day. oxcept when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the s-jundinga of the United State*
UNITED STATES CRUISER
NEW YORK. WHICH SAIL.S
FOR PANAMA TO-MORROW.
Thanks to the rate war waged as
a result of the Pacific Mail Company's
effort to wipe out the China Commer
cial Company, the Ching Wo's passen
gers will be carried to China at an ex
pense of only $15 each. For* every
Chinese that sailed yesterday on the
Ching Wo there were three fellow
countrymen on Steuart street wharf
to bid him good-by and a happy New
Year when it comes in China.
The China Commercial Company's
steamship Ching Wo sailed yesterday
for the Orient by way of Tacoma with
360 Chinese passengers. At the north
ern port the Ching Wo will take a full
carg-o for Hongkong. Most of the Ce
lestials who sailed yesterday are going
home to celebrate the Chinese New
year. To celebrate this festival on
Chinese soil is the hope of all good
Chinamen located in the United States
and every pig-tailed native of the Ce
lestial Kingdom who has the price of
transportation, the time to spare and
credentials which will insure his re
admission to this country packs his
grip and crosses the Pacific.
CLEARED.
Thursday, December 21.
Stmr Santa Hosa, Alexander, San Diego,:
Pac Coast S S Co.
Br stmr Oitns Wo, Parkinson. Hongkong,
etc, via Tacoma: China Commercial Co.
Rr stmr Oanfa. Bprtlett. Victoria; Charles
Stewart & Co.
Fr ship Jules Gommes, Beaudry, Queens
town; Newman Bros.
Fr bark General Foy. Breuille, Bells Isle.
Franc*; K C Kvans.
Fr bark Cornil Hart, Cavclan, New York:
F Henry. /"
S-hr W H Marston Curtis, Honolulu; /velch
& Co. V
SAILED. V
Thursday. December 24.
Stmr Ccntralia. Ericsson. <»rays Harbor.
Stmr a C Lindauer. Allen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Pomona. Swan.«on. Eureka.
Stmr Newburt, Annndsrn. Urays Harbor.
Stmr National City, Ilammar. Kedondo.
Stmr George W. Elder. Randall, for Astoria.
Simr State of California, Thomas, for San
Diego.
Br stmr Oanfa. Bartiett. Pu;et Sound.
Hr stmr <"hlr.g Wo. PerkftlSOR. Hongkong;, etc.
Ship William P. Fry?-. SeweU. for Honolulu.
Br ---hip Anconla, Baiter, Tacoma.
Fr t-bip Jules Gr>mm<?«, ISeaudry, Queen stow n.
Br ship ¦ Lot-h Carron. Clajke. for Quccns
town. \
Bark S O Allen. .Ilhnson. Port Blakeiey.
Br bark Inverness. 1 LewU, for Sydney.
Sohr 1.OUIR. Meyer. Wlllaim Harbor.
Schr A F Coats, Dphioff. Astoria.
t-rhr Volunteer, Br»«scr.. Astoria.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Dec •-M, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NE; velocity 1^ miles per hour.
MISCELLANEOUS.
TvONDCJN. Dec 21— Ger ship Elfrieda. from
Uottordam for Portland. r"t into Santos with
foretopsail yard sprung; iepalrs will require
about ten days.
SPOKEN.
Dec 6, Ion 2 N lat 30 \V — Fr bark Marcchal
Davout. from Rotterdam, for San Francisco.
Dec 1». Ion 4ft N. lat 0 W— Or ship Spcke.
from Antwerp, for Port Los Angrelcs.
DOMESTIC PORTS.'
FOP.T BRAGG — Airived Eej 21— Stmr Brunt,
wlek, hence Dec "3.
COOS BAY—- Arrived Dec £4— Stmr Czarjna.
hence Deo 'Si.
. ELRKKA — Arrived Dec 'J4— Schr Ix>ttie Car
sor, from San Ped^o; stmr Pasadena, hence
Dec '22; still- Jennie Stella, heno* Dec 17.
Sailed Dec 24— Stmrs San Pedro. Westport
•and S:>ckane, for San Frar.clsco.
ASTORIA— Sailed Dec 24-Schr "An.ly Ma
honey, for San Francisco; stmrs Columbia and
Whlttier and schrs \V F Garms am! Antelope,
for San Francisco; Ger ship Arthur Fitger. for
PORT GAMBLE — Arrived ' Dec 24— Br ship
Bidston Hill, henre Dec IS.
POINT LOBUS— Passed Dec 24. 2 r> m— Stmr
Mcazar from Greenwood for Port Harbord.
TATOO.S'H— Passed gut Dec 24— Brig Geneva,
from Port Hadlock for San Francisco.
Passed In Dec 21— Stmr Umatilla. hence Dec
22 for Victoria. » ' . .,,
SEATTLE— Sailed Dec 24— Stmr Melville
Dollar, for San Pedro: stmrs Centennial and
W H Krmrer, for Han Francisco.
• SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 21— Stmr Valencia,
from Skagway. ...
Arrived—^Dec 23 — Stmr Meteor, in tow or
tue Tvee from Alaska.
CRESCENT CITY— Sailed Dec -23— Stmr Co
quille River. Tor San Francisco; stmr Del
Ncrte. for San Francisco. .
S\X PEDRO— Arrived Dec 24— Bktn skasrit.
from Port Gamble; Htmr Despatch, from Re-
d °5antd Dec 24-Sehr W J Patterson. for
Gr&va Harbor: bktn Northwest, for Eureka.
PORT HARFOKD— Sailed Dec 24— Stmr Bo
nlta for Si>n Pfdro. hence Dec 23.
ABERDEEN— Sailed Dec 24-Stmr Chehalls.
for San Pedro. - ¦ „
• EASTERN PORTS.
C\PE IIENRV— Passed Dec 2".— Br stmr
Anglo-African, from Junln. for Philadelphia.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Dec 21— V S stmr.
S °s a ;ifed h 'Dec M^Stmr American, for Kahului
and not H^o. »« b*fore reported-
FOREIGN PORTS.
SYDNEY— Arrived Dec 22— Br ship Que<rn
Margaret, from Honolulu.
ST MICHAEI.— Arrived Dec 23— Nor ctmr
Nordkyn. from Yokohama for New T ork.
YOKOHAMA-iSailed Dec 1^— Jap stmr
Shlnano Maru. for Seattle.
< 'APE TOWN— Arrived Dec 23— Br ship
Blvthswood from Oregon. _
SYDNEY— Arrived prior Dec 24— Bark Ser-
V \DF-N—Arrlvcd Dec 24 — Ger stmr Albenga, j
from New York, for Manila. '"^ !
VICTOR! \— Arrived Dec 24— Stmr Olympla,
from Hongkong; Br stmr Mlowera v from Aus
tralla- OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 24— Stmr Cedric,
from Liverpool iNantucket): stmr Anchoria,
fr SaU?d a Dec"^4-Stmr J* Bretagne. for Havre;
utrnr Corinthian, for Glaseow . * • ¦ •
¦ v<Pl,ES— Sailed Dec 22— Stmr California,
for Ntw York. Dec 24-Strar Carpathia. for
Dec 24-Etmr Ma-
JC LONDON- P SalU-d r Dec 24-Stmr Lancastrian,
for Boston: stmr Mesuba. for New lork.
LIVERPOOL-Sailed Dec 2+-St m r Laursn
tlan, Irom Glasgow for St John, N B. £
There arc nearly 2000 in Hawaii and
ITfi in Alaska, a proportionately larger
number than in the city of Chicago. —
N' w York Sun.
A Ohioapo mathematician announces
that Chicago, with GO. 396 widows, has a
larger number than, any other com
munity in the country. It is added
that the number of widowers in the
< iiy \m only -ZM7.
As a matter t.f fact the State in
n hich widows aro most numerous is
N< w York, in whkh they number 320.
(irxi The city in which they arc most
numerous is the city of New York,
evherc there are 105.O00.
TJi^iT* were by tho last Federal cen-
BUS L'.THO.OOO widows in the whole United
States, of whom, it is worthy to re
mark. KS.Ortrt were in Indiana and only
8000 in Utah.
There were 12S.O00 in Massachusetts.
lees than the total numl>er in the two
States of Alabama and Mississippi.
though the view pretty generally pre
\ails that the number of widows is dis
proporUonately large throughout New
England.
Nearly Throe Million Widows.
A£ide from thf missing party. a!I the
passengers and crew readied here safe
ly nn board * tuc, and the passengers
Boon aft«r lrft by train for New York.
S«'me of them were without wraps and
all weic- without baggage, the vessel
having filled with water so quickly that
l!iev had barely time to seize clothing
and rush to tho deck.
RIUDGKPORT. CorXa* I3ec. 24.— A re
port from <;rorrs Farms says that a
•vrnall l>oat containing fix persons, who
probably wore passengers on th" wreck
ed steamer Era.Mus Corning, has landed
at thut jwint.
The Ehoclc of the collision and the
<-ri<~s of flic crew aroused the passen
ccrs, who rushed oa deck in a panic,
most of them .scantily clad. One woman
jumped overboard, but was rescued by
a member of the < row. During the con
fusion six of the passengers cleared
away n small boat and left the steam
er. The lx»at contained two men and
four women.
SOUTH NOBWALK, Conn.. Dec. 21.
Tn a thick fog early this n:ornin«r tho
steamer ISrastus Corning, of the Star-
Jne line, bound fioni New Haven for
N>w York, with thirty passengers and
;i heavy carpro of freight, struck on the
rocks off Copps Island just outside
.Norwalk harbor. A hole two feet square
eras Stove in the side of the steamer
and within five minutes she sank in
tiftr-en feet of water.
"The sole object of the invention is,
of course, the reduction of friction, and
that it seems to have accomplished
wonderfully by the shortening of the
shaft and the hollow bottom. On our
present ocean liners the propellers are
all out at the end of the boat. The en
gines are located in the center and the
shaft is necessarily long, connecting
these two points."— New York Adver
tiser.' ¦
"To be able to cross the Atlantic in
three and a half days will be an ac
complished fact in perhaps a very
short time from now if an invention
which Is at present being worked out
in a shipbuilding yard on the Clyde
for the attainment of that object is
successfully completed and put to the
test, and there are very encouraging
prospects in the present state of the
invention of its proving an entire suc
cess," said Carl D. Flint, an ex-lieu
tenant in th«\ royal navy and now a
naval constructor for Harland &
j Wolff, the Belfast shipbuilders, who
arrived here last Wednesday from Ire-
I land. His visit is unofficial, but while
here he is* making a tour of some of
our principal shipbuilding yards in
order, he says, to get a general idea
as to the progress being made on this
side in ship construction. Mr. Flint
is the guest of Lewis Nixon. He made
j a visit to the navy yard at Washing
j ton recently.
i 'Little or nothing has been said as
| yet about the invention," Mr. Flint
! continued. "It will not mean a revo
! lution in the present style of floating
i craft, but simply a ship with a sort
of arched bottom, and a change in the
position and shape of the propellers.
There will be no keels, but, Instead,
what might be called a double or
; twin hull, after the style of the cata
maran. Such a hull will prevent the
boat from rolling, and, therefore, do
away with what is to the majority one
of the most^ disagreeable features of
ocean travel. As for the new screw
propellers, they will be moved further
up in the 1 body of tjie vessel. i and built
in ridges formed by the twin keels be
ing a part of them.
"In all liners as built at present the
screw propellers, you know, come out
on each side of the stern. The ad
vantage claimed for the new idea —
that is, the screw and hull together —
•are twofold; first, on account of the
position of the screws being removed
from the stern, the tremendous suction
power which always follows a vessel,
greatly retarding her spred, is carried
off to the stern by the two keels; sec
ondly, the propellers are rendered much
more powerful because their diameter
and consequent grasp of th» water is
very much greater. In every propeller
now being used on steamships there is
much lost power in the center of the
whirling blades. An electric fan is a
form of propeller. It forces air out
instead of water. If you place your
hand in the center of an electric fan
you will find that there is no air. The
breeze comes from the outside edges
of the blades. The same is true of all
steamship propellers In use nt present.
and it means a great loss of power.
That defect has been remedied, how
ever, in the new propeller, by making
it nothing but blades and placing a
solid metal wheel or hub on the pro
peller shaft and setting the Hades on
it. The scheme, of course, would be of
no practical benefit if applied to our
present liners, because the wheel of
the propeller, being large, would catch
the water and tend to retard the pro
gress of the boat with its solid bottom.
"As I have explained, however, the
new vessel has an arched or shallow
bottom along its whole length, and
that secures a flow 'of water under the
center of the boat equal to that along
the sides and establishes a bearing for
the new propeller equal in diameter to
the large hub wheel upon which the
propeller blades are fastened. The pro
peller'is 15 feet long from the center of
the shaft to the tip of the blade and the
whole circle is more than 90 feet. The
Deutsehland's propeller is exactly one
foot shorter than the new. one.
If .i baby is tv.ir weeks old, for in
stanco, nino bottles, each of them con
taining one an<J a half ounces of milk,
are delivered. This gives the little one
thirteen and a half ounces per day,
which is exactly the 'amount it needs.
For a year-old baby fnrty-two ounces
of milk will be sent in six bottles of
seven ounces each. As it is intended
only fcr the poor, the milk is sold at
the cheapest •possible rate, as may be
judged from the" fact that sufficient
milk to feed a baby under six months
old for a week may be obtained for 1
shilling and '- pone?.
The Municipal Couneil of Battersea
has lately been trying a unique exper
iment. The -death rate among infants
having become so large, mainly on ac
count of the disease germs in milk,
tho result of keeping it in stuffy living
rooms and dirty larders. Battersea de
cided to see what could be done toward
supplying pure and proper nourishment
for little folk. A depot has boen estab
lished at which pure sterilized milk,
hygienlcally bottled, can bo obtained
in proper quantities, according to the
ag° "f the child. That is to say, each
baby is being supplied with exactly the
amount of milk which it requires, the
depot delivering it each day in air tight
butties.
BATTKREAS MILK DEPOT.
Glasgow, however, is by| no means
the only town with a go-ahead Munici
pal Council. Swansea possesses one of
tho finest general markets in the three
kingdoms. Belfast and Preston, as
well as other towns, have municipal
slaughter houses and meat markets.
Brighton owns and manages its own
race track, while Tunbridgo Wells pos
sesses municipal theaters. Manchester,
too. lightens the taxpayers' burden
with profits from a municipal candle
factory, while Liverpool assists its in
habitants in the same manner by ov.n
ins and managing a beet farm.
Glasgow has also invested, among
other things, in a tulip farm, a laun
dry, a dog and bird store and an old
clothes market. The profits derived
from the two latter concerns, by the
bye, are devoted to the support of the
old town's municipal art studio and
picture gallery. The old clothes mar
ket was built at an outlay of £^000.
and whereas formerly the "old clo' "
man was allowed to hawk his wares
in the public streets, he now has to rent
a stall in the market and thus help oth
er taxpayers. The dog and the bird
market adjoins the old clothes market,
fanciers having to pay similar rents,
while the tulip farm was eteablidhed
in order that the city's parks and pub-
Ik- gardens might be decorated at less
expense than was entailed through
buying plants each year from bulb
dealers.
GLASGOW RUNS PAWN SHOPS.
It was also on account of the very
high interest which pawnbrokers
charged their customers that the mu
nicipal authorities of Glasgow decided
srimf time ago to establish pawnshops
<>f their own. The city now possesses
throe of these shops, bought outright
fronr the original owners, which have
taken an enormous amount of business
away from the "trade." The rate of
interest charged at a municipal pawn
shop is one penny for every five shill
ings borrowed, whereas the interest at
other shops is five and six times that
amount.
Perhaps the city's ; ost singular
echer-" was that of Tjunding municipal
golf links a year or so ago. This
scheme was inaugurated on account of
tlio fact that the only golf links in and
mund about Glasgow were at one time
owned by a few clubs, which charged
players an exorbitant subscription.
Complaints having been made- to the
proper quarter by people who were pre
vented from playing on account of the
excessive fees, the Glasg Municipal
Council laid out its own links, pro
vidpd tho necessary caddies, etc., and
placed them flt the disposal of the pub
lic at a very cheap subscription. Need
less to say, these links were an imme
diate success and the profits derived
from them have helped to a certain ex
tent to keen down the ordinary taxa
tion.
Tho prosperous city of Glasgow can
bcnst of many distinctions, !.-.:t none so
remarkable as its municipal undertak
ings, rays Tid-IJits. Glasgow may be
said to be the most municipalized* city
in the world, for, in addition to owning
nud managing its street car lines, tele
phono system, electric light, gas plants,
water, etc., the Municipal Council con
trols a number of other more curious
enterprises for thp benefit of its inhab
itants.
Xo one knows what those spots really
signify or what causes them. The
knowledge that we have of the sun's
constitution is based upon the. discov
eries of the spectrum. That has taught
scientists, without the chance of error,
that certain chemical constituents
which are known in the earth are also
existent and operative in that vast
globe which we only know by its gase
ous envelopes.
Of its interior character absolutely
nothing is known, though much is in
ferred from this present phenomenon,
as well as from the revelations of the
telescope, combined with those of the
spectroscope, at the occasions of the
eclfpses, both total and partial, and it is
To discover more truly the nature of the
body on which the life of the earth and
our whole planetary system depends
that expeditions are sent out by almost
every civilized nation to observe these
periodical observances. "What may be
discovered no one can venture to say.
but it , is certain that nothing has yet
been found to establish a direct answer
from our earth to the strange action of
the sun in either the spots, the shining
feculae or the great protuberances of
hydrogen which are shown on the occa
sion of eclipses, projected 250,000 miles
beyond the common sphere of the solar
apparition.
It is elementary to say that the sun
has a luminous cloud shell or wrapper,
no one knows how deep, but the guess
is 2000 miles, which is the source of
light. It is thought this is mainly car
bon, but it may be some other incan
descent refractory vapor under the in
fluence of heat. There ha3 been enter
tained a theory that the sun Is in
ternally cold and that the effect upon
our atmosphere is that of these blazing
carbon vapors. Now it is thought that
the effect we see as '"spots" is produced
by the falling into the body of the sun
of material from without^ such as aero
lites, meteors or whatever the residuum
may be called of exploded bodies,
whether of gas or otherwise, condensed
in the upper regions of the solar at
mosphere.
Of course when it is said that the
connection of the sun's phenomena with
those of earth is undetermined It is not
meant that no such connection exists.'
Too many observations — they number
several thousand since the telescope,
the spectroscope and the photograph
have been- jointly and comparatively
employed— have shown that the mag
net** needle, the telegraph wires, the
compass, are all affected by the fre
quency and extent of sun spots. But
there is nothing at all conclusive, yet
arrived at in respect to storms over*. the
surface of the earth or to cold waves
or heated terms. In fact, hea"ted terms
especially are not explicable * 7 any ob
servations that have been made. It is
an interesting subject and the astron
omers are continually busy in trying to
find out more. But there is nothing in
sun «"'»ots on which to nourish super
stitious apprehensions — Chicago
Chronicle.
The spots that have been observed
on the surface of the sun for several
months past have given rise to much
discussion in the scientific world. Al
though much speculation has been in
dulged in. people are as much in the
dark as ever as to what causes these
spots and what their probable effect
will be upon other planets, especially
upon the one we live on. 'AX has been
estimated that the present chain of
these spots is about 17S.000 miles Ions
and nearly 00,000 miles wide. As the
visible sun is about 26.000.000 miles in
circumference, a similarly extensive
disturbance on the earch. which is
about 25,000 miles in circumference,
would involve about 873 miles in ex
tent. The earth moves around its axis
once in twenty-four hours. The sun'a
rotation is about twenty-seven days
and the procession of the spots con
tinues for nearly a fortnight— that is.
the disappearance of the spot occurs
in about that time from the first dis
play. The maximum of spot manifes
tations takes place at intervals of
somewhat near eleven years — the last
previous one was in 1S94. Some of tlM
biggest groups of spots have lasted
through three revolutions of the sun;
the last to do so was the group of 1SD*.
which was visible to the naked eye.
through smoked glass, from September
to the end of November. This was
about 85,000 miles long and 35,000 broad,
quite inferior to the present one.
Attempts are made to create- a sen
sational apprehension of same great
cataclysmal occurrence relating direct
ly to our planet, and there are proph
ecies of '"terrific electrical disturb
ances." But as a matter vt fact no
clear connection between thpse phe
nomena and the storms that visit us
in our atmosphere has ever been de
termined. It is supposed that such con
nection exists— that is all. It Is folly
to make alarmist forecasts such as we
see in too many papers. It Is not
shown even that the sun spots lessen
the heat of the sun or Increase it. Of
course, the further attempt to make
commercial crises depend on these
quite inexplicable phenomena is sheer
nonsense. Descriptions of the sun spot3
as great conflagrations bursting out in
the gases which form the envelope
which to us represents the sun, of
tongues of flame "millions of miles,"
making a "raging furnace," are equally
nonsense. .
Acfidont Occurs Off Copps Isl
and. Just Outside Xorryalk
Harbor, During a Heavy Fog
Combines Many Other Improve
ments Which Will Tend to
Greatly Increase the Speed
Bright on Owns a Racetrack,
Tunbridgc Wells Theaters,
and Battersea Milk Depot
Many Think Old Sol 3Iay Have
Some Eruptive Complaint
Disfiguring His Countenance
PASSENGER^ ARK SAVED
VESSEL WITH TWO KEELS
GLASGOW. STANDS AT HEAD
PORTENDS NO CATASTROPHE
Steamship Ching Wo Sails for the Orient by Way
of Tacoma With 360 Pig-Tailed Passengers Who
Will Be Carried to Flowery Land for $ 1 5 Each
* 1 - — '¦ — '. : 5 — — : : *
Hole Two Feet Square Is Made
in Her Side and She Sinks
in Fifteen Feet of Water
Queer Enterprises in Which
Certain Municipalities of
Great Britain Arc Engaged
Clyde Shipyard Now Working
<m Design Which Promises
to Revolutionize Travel
Littrc Known by Scientists Re
garding the Phenomenon Ob
served for Some Months
STEAMER RONS
INTO ROCKS
SOME CURIOUS
UNDERTAKINGS
GREYHOUNDS
OF THE OCEAN
SPOTS ON FACE
OF THE SUN
CELESTIALS RETURN TO NATIVE LAND
TO CELEBRATE THE CHINESE NEW YEAR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY,* DECEMBER 25, 1903.
12
SEE THE PICTURES
**THE TOIL FOR MIL-
LIONS"
By Senator Clark Who Has
Over Two Hundred
of Them.
NEW YEAR'S EDITION
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
OCEAN TRAVEL.
>«Tr r 1^ Ftcair.crs leave Saa Fran-
/f\t^-^Dj\ dhco as follows:
f£%_ _ For Ketchikan. \Vran5el.
fQ. t^5S5j "*\ ¦''¦'' : <> Hainc-s, Skaguay.
I ( \VkH I 1 ''' ' Alarks 11 a m. Dec.
V>: \ '0/ to fotrpany's tieamers at
VV ,/y festtle.
\^^i^S^/' For Victoria. Var.couver.
"*^ iv-rt Townsf-nd. Seattl*. Ta-
<-«-n.a. Everett. Whstcorn — II a. tn.. Dec. 17.
2T. 27. Jan 2. Cbaas* at Seattle to thin com-
pany e »te«mers iur Alaska and <». N. Hy. : at
Seattle cr Ta<orr.a to N. P. By.: at Vancouver
to C. P. Railway.
For Eurrha iHuirbolilt R?y)— Pomona. 1:30
p. tn.. Dec. IS. 24. U0. Jan. 5; Corona, 1:30 p.
tn.. Dec. 21. 27. Jan. 2.
For Loe Arpele* ivla Port Lo» Ancel*» and
riedonao>. tin Die^o and Santa Harbara —
Santx. •.•-¦¦. Sundays. '¦ a. m
Slate or California. Thursday*. 0 a. m.
For Ln» A^teles ivla. han Pedro and East
t«n PeiJro). ?anla Barbara. Santa Crux. Mod-
trrry, Simeon. «'a>ucr>s. Port Harford (S»n
Lul» Ohirpc), Ventura and Huetifme.
Coos Hay. 9 a. m.. Dec 19. 27. Jan. 4.
Bonjta. 9 a. m.. T>ec. 2-'l. ."1. Jan. 8.
For F-rf*n»<la. Macdalent Bay. San Jo»e <Jcl
<"abo. Mazatlan. AHata. La Paz, Santa Ro-
i-alia. Guaymaa (Mci ). lu a. n . 7th of each
rjrnth.
P<->r further Information cbtain folder.
Ripht Ic reserved to change btcamers or eall-
lrr dateit
TICKET OrriCES— 4 Now Montgom-
ery etreet <Palare Hotel). 10 Market «treet and
Proadway «barve«.
Freight office. 10 Merk't street.
t. D. DUNANN. General I'ass'nper Arer.t.
l<t Market street. Pan Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO,
"Columbia" tails Der 23. Jan. 8. IS. 2«.
Feb. 7. 17 «r.<! 27: •'Crrc- IV. Klder" yail*
Dec 24 Jan. 3, 13 2^ Pe*. 2. 12 ?>nd 22.
Only eteamshin line 'to roitTI.AND. OR., and
fhrrt rail !:n» ftcr.i Pnrtlnnd to all roints
Ka?t. Through tickets to all points, all rail
. r ftea.rr.iWr ar.d tall, at LOWEST P.ATE?.
steamer tlrket* Include berth ar.d meal*.
Pttamer Falls Foot et f-'prur <¦'.. at II a tn. S
F. BOOTH. Cen. Ajrt Pass Dtpt.. I Moat-
rotr.erj' rt-S C CLIFFORD. «Jen. Ast. Frelsht
Pert.. 3 Mrnteomcry st.
"toyoiisb kaisha7
(ORIENTAL STRAatSHIP CO.)
ftean".»rs «1U lrave whnrf corr.er Flr*t and
Erannan Mreeta at 1 p. n.. for YOKOHAMA
• nd IIONOKOSO calling et Kobe (Hlf-jgo).
Nac.i>ai-i erd Fftanchsi. nnd ccr.ncctlr.t *t
HonjrkoriR with teamen for Tti.iia. >tr No
iarro irf»hf 1 i-n hoard on osy of K4ll*nK.
E H. NIPrON" MAT.i; «ra::in« nt Manila)
Wcdrxfdav, Decerr.brr o'J 1803
S. S AMERICA M»nf
Monday January TS 1WI
fc. F. UQCCCKOKa MARU.
VWdnrfiJay. February 17 13(U
Via Honolulu. P.oun<J-tr-p tickets at reduced
rate*. For freifVt nnd i<3?ntp. apply at Com-
r«ry'» office. 421 llarkrt etre*-t. corner First.
W. II. AVFUT. omeral Agent.
£ f- MEP.HA. for Ilor.clulu. Samoa. A<"k-
'.jnd ard t-yir.ey. Thursday. Dec. 31, 2 p. m.
S. B. MAr.IPOSA. for Tahiti. Jan. 6. 19o*.
11 a. 1:1
K. B> ALAMSCA. for Honolulu. Jan. 0. 1JXM,
il. V RttRl ft CRS.es.. t{tj..rri.s! CSb.M3 Ea^ca
frC.Ct5a.31i CrtttSUFirEe. l.tzfoH
(GXPAGME GI5EPALE TRASSATLaNTiani.
DIP.ECT LINE TO II AVP.U-PAIJIS.
;.:..,:-^. <^ i- y Thursda; instead <if -sC> ffffsy
fcaturdJiy. tt 10 *. m.. from Pier 42. *o*VFBf
Nonh IJiver. fc-ct 01 Morton rtrott.
Fir»t olas-s lo Havre, flit an 1 upward. See-
••cd cUtt- to Havre. >1^ »ni upward. CKK.
i:RAL AOEN'.V r'OR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 52 Brradv.ay iHudson Building),
New V.rk. J. I". FUGAZ1 & CO.. Pacinc Ccasi
Alf'titJ. a Mortecmcry avotiue. Ean Krcncisco.
Ticketa »olil ty til Railroad Ticket Aecnts.
SCar* Zsl&3fl and Vcllejo Steamers.
t-tcamrr GEN. F1USBIE or MONTICELLO—
V :<C> a.m. a:l5 and K:*<t p. m.. rxcfpt Sunday.
Fjnds>. 3:4."- a. m.. 6:^0 p. m. Leave A'allejo.
7 a. rn.. 12:00 i-nd C p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
diy. 7 a. in., 4:15 p. in. Fare. SO cents Tel.
>*mn lies, i-lcr 2. lll£«on-su Uocii. HATCH
BliOS.Articles — Open. High. Low. CI030
Wheat No. 2—
December, new. S0T4 .81*4 S0;i sm
May 83-% 84Vi 83M > 8::H
July 77% 7S% 77% .7s£
Corn No. 2 — . - ..-.•¦
December 41 ' 415J .41 41>4
May 44'i 4i% U% 4VA
July 43% 41>/s 43% 44
Oats No. 2 —
December 35 35*4 34 34Vi
May 37»4 37>4 37"4 \ 37U
July ........... 3J?s 3HA 34%. 2i%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
January 12 00 12. O7"3 12 CO 12 OS
Slay 12 42'^ 12 50 12 40 12 42'A
Lard, per 100 lbs—
January « 70 0 72 H « (17 VO C 70
May fl Sa»4 6 95 « S2W, 0 00
Short U»#, Per 100 lbs— ,
Japuary C 30 C 32^ a 22Vs C 25.
May 0 57>4 0 00 6 52^. « 55
Ha v and Feedstuff s.
Both Hay and Feedstuffs rqraaln about as be
fore quoted. The Government has opened the
bids already mentioned for 5435 tons of ¦ Hay
and 4320 tons of Oats for Manila. The north Is
$4 lower than San Francisco on the Oats, but
J5 higher en the . Hay, so it Is not yet known
where the ofder will be placed.
The circular of Somcrs & Co. eaya of Hay:
"Shipments of hay have been somewhat
lighter the total" arrivals for the last week
amounting to but 2250 tons, In comparison with
2050 for the week previous. Concerning the lo
cal situation we have. nothing new to report,
for the market shows practically no change, In
any way. ¦'".'.
1 VThe Government has opened .bids -"for 5400
tons of hay for Manila shipment. It Is confi
dently expected that this order will be placed
here. If It Is.. of course, the market is bound
to stiffen up and prices will in all_probabllity
advance. As will be remembered, when . an
account of stock was. taken on the 1st" of .No-'
vember it was found ,that there was hardly
:nore than ..enough 'hay .to last- tho^-season
through, fo with this Governmsat order on the
market ; and "With < our usual good spring, and
summer demand there way possibly be another
scramble fcr hay. as marked the close of last
reason, with consequently higher prices. It
lies been .reported to us by good authorities
that in Oregon, and especially in Washington,
thev have Uardly more than enough > hay to
The market" for dressed Turkeys was very
weak yesterday, owing to the. abundance -of
poor stock and the heavy offerings of Western
chilled, and there was a sharp break in prices.
The receipts of Callfornlan were about 50 tons,
and there was a heavy carry-over of poor qual
ity offerings from the preceding day. At the
opening" the best offerings of local stock were
1 held at 24(J?25c " per- pound, but the market
' weakened when large lines ot Western chilled
were thrown on it, and prices receded
until prim* fancy stock was selling ati 20c
Poor' stock was hard to dispose of even at the
minimum quotation, and there was, quite a
heavy surplus unsold at the close. Holders
of Western chilled were forcing sales at 20© j
' 21c, -and larse .quantities were sent back to \
; the icehouses. Live Turkeys were in ample .
supply and weaker in sympathy with dressed. 1
All 1 ther ¦ descriptions 'of Poultry were very!
dull' with prices largely nominal. In fact, no j
reasonable offer was refused for chickens.
1 Game wan dull at unchanged rates.
! POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. 15@24c per lb;
! livp Turkeys, 18S20C per lb: Geeee, per pair,
- $2®2 23; Goslings, $2{f2 25; Ducks.- $5 50®<! 50
per dozen for old and $707 50 for -young; Hens,
S4 r>Oj]T> f.0 for small and $5 5O@(5 50 for large;
, ycunc Roosters; *5 5Q@0; old Roosters. $5®5 50;
! Fryers. $."Vff5.50; ¦ Drollers. $4 50©T> for targe
! and $3 G0@4 for small: Pigeons. $10125 per
i dozen for oid niM $2 25®2 HO for Squabs.
GAME — Mallard Ducks. ?3@t per dozen: Can
vasback. $3«?4; Sprig. $2 5003; Teal; $1 B0®
1 75: Widgeon. Jl 50@2; small Ducks. $1 25®
1 50; Gray Geese. .$3: 'White Geese, $l@l 50;
Brant. $1 25 for small and $2 for large; Honk
ers, $5 for large and %\ for small; English I
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— <3}2@7Vic for Steers and 5@Cc per lb
for Cows.
VEAL — Large. SJJOc; small. 9@10c per lb.
MUTTON;— Wethers. 'VjfHUic: Ewes. 7®Sc
per lb.
LAMB — 0".j@10c per lb. ¦ • •
. PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7@8^e per lb.
. LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for gqyd, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for* Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 8<gUc; Cows and Heifers,
7©.Sc: thin Cows. 4@5c per lb. • *
CALVES — IS4%c per lb (cross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%«lc: Ewes. 3J4e3"4e
per lb (gross welgtt).
LAMBS — !Vi®5c per lb.
' HOGS — Live Hogs, 140 to ISO lbs, 5%e; over
180 lbs. 5c; sows. 20 per cent oft: Boars. CO per
'cent of*, and Stags. 40 per cent oft from above
quotations. -.-'•¦;.
t General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bae>. s®5%c; San Quentln.
5.£5c: Wool .Bags. 'S2<S35c; Fleece Twine. 7V4O
8c - - * - :
COAL — Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
lington. ?S: Seattle. $8 50; Bryant. $6 50; Bea
ver .Hill $5tl0; Standard. $7; Roslyn. $7;
Bay J5 DO; Greta. $7: Wallsend. $7: Rich.
i mond - $7 50: Cumberland. (13 In bulk and
$14 25 m sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14:-*Vel«h Anthracite Egg. $13: Welsh Lump.
$11 50: Cannel. $S 50 per ton; Cok». $11 5<M?
¦ 13 per ton In bulk and S15 In sacks; Rocky
1 Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2CO0 lbs and
,$12 80 per long ton. according to brand.'
OILS— Quotations are for barrels; for cases,
add 5c Linseed. 45c per gallon for boiled and
43c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1 70c;
Bakers' AA. $1 10@l 12: L.ucol. 44c for boiled
and 42c for raw; China Nut. 55<370c per gallon;
1 Cocoanut Oil. In barrels SSc for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
OH SOc: natural winter Sperm OH, 75c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. 65c; natural Whale
Oil COc; extra winter strained Lard. OH. R5c;
So. 1 Lard OH. -75c: pure Neat-foot Oil. 75c;
No.-l Neatsfoot Oil. «5c; light Herring Oil. 45c:
dark Herring Oil; -43c: Salmon OH. 38c: boiled
1 Fish OH 40c; raw Fish OH. 3Sc; boiled Paint
OH 35c; raw Paint OH. 33c
I COAL. OIL— Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
Poultry and Game.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 60®
4. 85 usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $1 50@4 60;
Oregon and Washington, '$3 00@4 20 per bbl for
Family and $3 UO04 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 peifc 100 lbs;
Rye Flour, ?3 25: 'Rye Meal, $3; Rico Flour.
S7- Corn Meal. $3 25; extra cream do, $4; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $4 ©4 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 50® \ 75; Cracked Wheat, ?3 75; Fa
rina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats' bbls. $7 25@S 60; In sacks, $G 7368 10;
Pearl Barley, $0; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs. -
Flour and Millstuffs.
DRESSED MEATS.
Small and medium-sized Hogs are reported
firmer, under decreasing supplies, while large
are weak and more plentiful than the Others.
Prices for all live and dressed Meats rfenialn
unchanged.
Meat Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 24. — To-<'.ay-s slock mar-
U« shewed r-ir.te cf *ir*n#rttt scatt'red all
throurSi it. * j ut th<? rovra truilcr* who had the
market all to themselves aceegt«d this as a
part of the Oiir:*cm&s celebration almost as
nuca c« *>-e strains of tl.e !>ras« bind that
••nllvrned the proceedings on the floor c* the
(Stock lirelian-rs dunnjf the iaet hour of the
.r (s :.-. Of ti>e rtocl:s vl-.ich me.ve-1 nctably
o:ily one or two in the lir: were usually promi
nent In many cases the sa'.i.t noted
were In p*.ock« that had not moved for wteka.
k Jura v>-i.y it ehoulu conduce to the cayety of
the liG'Jslay coitbration to awaken the sleeping
•ecurilies from :i lone quiet r»nd runh them up
;>oim» ot a Hire Bust be itft to the inEcmta
iue rn::i<l« of stock >:rckers on a frolic. Here
and there the disposition to take profit* en the
rteo earned to l>- IrrewrcMtMe. But this was
;rown<"-d er. as throwins a direcnlne *ririt
upon the spirit of the occasion. The Mngeiins
cCert of tb* increase BntflUIffrt yesterday in
ihe.Xxike Khorc dlviofnd km ir.ar.if<«t in
-BO**C9*CBt*i <-'f a tttatffUl of Isizh grade stocks,
toir.e in the r«nrts.a tnd tcn:s i:: the Indus
trial list. Rumors at dlvidfnd Incrccfc-s ac
mnnftnfwi some cf *JbeM i;Jva:ic»-s asd -rl'Ji
r,t hers there wer.i ¦amatlWM cf a coning dls-
Iritatjoa at surplus kno«-n to b3 i:i the treas
ur-cs cf the C3mr>"injr£. Tii^rf w.?s cb-.'ieue a
¦MCflJattT* ccntett in General Electric and
U>«tla*r*MU*(( Klectric. the r-rice of the latter
l-»in~ bid u;> across the fciincr, thus mskliic
7 >± ].rc<3ictio*.* current for scare lime pa*l.
1 -y rx-.lasiilro; tcalu to below the parity.
In or>me o: the more obscure fetocl:e Jt Mas
evident that thi current dlrfavor cf se!!Sns
tatn«*se*it*i v,«s taken Bfivacuct '.f.to bia up
•he rnrket without opjKjfitlon. The acli>n o'
;!ie f-cttor. and tvhest market* in rc*iion<Fe 40
:he T.ar raTrors, v.liich looic <u a:» alarmist.
Krf-.f- »c« nut tucb •¦ to ruc»-<-*t harmful r*
iu!tf» Vi Amctlcin If.tcreft.-' «-k«n In ibo fVrnt
of war. Cottr-;i »old in Ne\r Vorlc at the ljijrii
<>t artc* on Dt-c<-iiil>er >i nee the c'vll v.ar and
'ho r-iee rea*****4 by wheat -vuk tr.c high<!H
for i^veral yc=t-s F*iFt- Ciil mercy ra'ee w*re
f-.-rv iu th« fa'-fc or th'- rca**u*fi**MSta to carry
ovtr ur.Ul r.txt Mona.iy IM ail the mdicttlons
I^ict t.i a df-e'd^a tnusaxantttt in the. rendi
tion iJ t< shewn by tpe h*r.l<s !a Mxt ftatur
day is - Lank wufXemgSA ly 'no time ita.tiEK is
rct-m^: :r rtocU« ti?»l War.-Jay. Tlie U»oV«
rmt of currency trunt tb« Snt'rlor «r:." th
fubtnMsar* orcmtl*«ai arc cutlmaieu to i»v*
jiei>d uirti-Brd -'f tZM06.i#Q ct additional re
y<r\rn to Ux- tatSfc* tdreniy eir.ee laM tlatur
•::tj. ThU .« in sr>!ie «C One hc«ry tranwft-ri
to Krw Or>ar--;. wi;;'.-?! bst**< «a ":< •¦* ?-,.oO.
«!<x> tl ie«- th»; latt b-«r.K Kia:»inenl. The ton*
of t!- »;erJicc ' cjr-iiKnj-- mrl<i t *Mtto«M
j liravy iD-:ay uonrttl*«t*D4!**« **• r"jo*«w «
\% ;.,-».-«!.: <A tViXW&Jb f" r »-*.* **<•* •'• T ths
v Iun- cf i':;el:ir.!) r<«t-r-.c. L»i-»Tmnt« »=i I»n
.' ; •,- vv.rc al<«o lacliucd :o iv:n\ MStCVBSt -'""
;<ri*ins!y. T".-cre v.ks ,iu irj-»-*«.:ar reaction
lat* Jc th? «la". -tnii rliu frurict Ql&fd Irr^cular.
Tii« X*or.il tnHrket w.-is IJ-.m. bu* not v<rry
active. Tttal Kali*. 1-ar wila-, $2,015,000. -
Th« abroach cr the Cliri^taiMS fculIUajra ba«
New York Stock Market.
CHICAGO. Dec. 24.— It was a broad market
In wheat and prices ruled flrm. Shorts were
stimulated to buying by the possibility that
war might be declared between Russia and
Japan by the time the traders resumed busi
ness on Monday. Opening prices were steady
owing to the firmness In foreign markets and
to the small local receipts. May started a
shade lower to %c higher at 83H@S3}ic to
83%c. With light offerings prices advanced
rapidly and May soon sold at 84i,{c, an ad
vance of lc over, the opening figure. With
good profits in view, pit traders turned active
sellers and the market declined. No great
weakness was manifested, however, and a firm
feeling prevailed at the close, with May at
83%c.
Shorts in corn were anxious to cover, both
because of the strength in wheat and the
fear of possible development In the Russo-
Japan^so situation over the Christmas holi
day/. Buying was on a moderate scale and
offerings were rather light, following some
early selling by commission houses. Weather
was unfavorable for the movement, but pre
dictions wero fcr clear and cold.' . Closing
prices were strong-. After opening' %ay,a
higher. May sold between 41%@44»ic closing
at 44*itf4i%c.
With other markets strong, cats advanced
In sympathy. Free profit-taking, howover,
kept prices back. The buying was mainly by
cash and commission houses and was brought
out to come extent by the wet weather. A
firm tone prevailed at the close. " After open
ing a shade to \i.c higher at ;i7',A$jo~i«c. May
ranged between 37*4@37lAc and closed at
37:4c /. . .
Provisions showed fair advances on active
buyins by commission houses. The close was
flrcri. with May pork and lard each 7%c higher
at $12 42% and $fi 90. May ribs were a
sbaoe higher, at $0 52%@fl 55.
The boara will be. closed until Monday.. "
The leadine futures ranged as" follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 24. — The cotton market
closed unsettled, 7 to 10 points lower.
New York Cotton Market.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. C@Sc per lb;
String Beans, 7<glle per lb; Wax, S@12%c;
Tomatoes, *>Cc!§$l per box for bay and 75c®l 25
per " box or. crate for Los Anseles; Summer
Squash from Los Angeles, ?1 25 per box;
Cabbage', 60c per ctl; Carrots. 50c per sack;
Hothouse Cucumbers. $2 50 per dozen: Garlic.
C@7c per lb; Egg Plant, 10@15c per lb; Dried
Peppers. "><gSc per lb for Stockton* and 11@12%c
for southern: Dried Okra. 12%c per lb- Green
Peppers 3® 5c per lb; Mushrooms. . 20@25c per
lb; Marrowfat and Hubbard Squash, $104*12
per ton for round lots and %@lc per lb for
sacked. •¦-'-/
Trade in Vegetables was brisk and prices of
Peas and Beans from the' south were well sus
tained under a ' steady demand for local use
and for shipping account. The receipts were
liberal and included some poor stock, which
sold below the quoted rates. Tomatoes were
abundant and weak at unsteady prices. Over
4C0 crates were received from Los Angeles.
Summer Squash- was a little easier under in
creased receipts, and green Peppers were a glut
on the market. The other Vegetables were In
t,ood request at. unchanged prices.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. 60®
SOc per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1 25<ai 40 per 1
ctl: Oregon Burbanks. S5c0$l 10 per ctl: River
Reds, 'iO©05c per ctl; Garnet Chiles, $l@l 10
per ctl: Sweet Potatoes, $1 5C@1 CO.
ONIONS— #101 23 per ctl. ,
Strictly fancy lots of table Burbanke con
tinued to move freely at steady prices, and
the recent arrivals from Oregon were cleaned
out of first hands. The best grades of river
Burkanks were In good request, while com
mon and inferior, offerings continued dull and
supplies were steadily accumulating. A car
load of choice Sweets was marketed and cleaned
up quickly at firmer rates. Onions ruled flrm,
with supplies United.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
NEW YORK. Dec. 24.— Tin was very firm
in London, advancing £1 15s to £130 for spot
and £131 5s for futures. Locally tin was also
firmer, with ?pot quoted at ?28 506'29.
Copper advanced 7s Gd,' to £57 for spot and
£50 12s Cd for futures in London, but re
mained unchanged and quiet here at $12 37Uif2
12 G2% for lake, $12 2j«?12 50 for electrolytic
and casting at $12 12%@12 3TI4 for casting.-
Lead was unchanged at £11 2s Cd'in Lon
don and $4 37% In New York.
Spelter was unchanced In London at £21
5s and *." in the local market.
Iron closed at 4!»s 6d in Glasgow and 4"s
10%d in Mlddlesboro. Locally iron was
quiet. No. 1 foundry northern is quoted at
$15©16; No. 2 do. $14015; No. 1 foundry south
ern and No. 1 foundry soft southern, $13 5oig>
The New York Metal Exchange will remain
closed until Monday.
New York Metal Market.
Nevada—Fair Fridey.
. San Fr»nc'.»co and vicinity— Fair Friday.
Vcmlng cloudy at niffht: licht northeast
•vine*, chan«:r.« to fo-Jtheanterly.
A. G. McAPIE. District Forecaster.
The mcfm« continues high on the Pacific
tlc^e. but durir.r the past twenty- four hours
there has b*-en a. fa.ll frcm the Columbia River
northwestward. Conditions are becoming fav
orable for tbe arwoach of a disturbance over
tbc Ncrth Pacific.
No rain ha« fallen west of the Rocky Moun
ta^nff. -
The temDeratur* bas remained nearly sta
tionary.
Heavy frosts recurred centrally In Califor
r.ia Thursdav and are likely to occur again
Friday.
• Christmas day Dromiws to be DleasaEt over
a larg» portion oT the Pacific Coast.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight D^cemfrf-r 25:
Northern California— Fair Friday, becoming
ejoadjr at nijjht «.n<J po?Pibiy light rain on the
liorth-rn waft: fr*sh southeast winds.
California— Fair Friday; light to
!:<?«vy rrofn* in the interior in the morning;
lifc-nt easier!?- wind, chr.njring to westerly.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The firmness In Hops continues, though as
usual the holidays will probably check the de
mand for a week or two. Reports from the
north say that over 30.000 bales have passed
out of growers' hands in Washington, while
in Oregon about 14,000 bales are left In first
hands. These reports from the north vary,
however, so it Is difficult to give exact figures
of the quantity still on hand. It is known,
however, that the great bulk of the crop all
over the coast has been sold. The British
Board of Agriculture places the English crop at
421, C6S cwt, an Increase of 35 per cent over last
year's crop
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers; : 9c; medium. 8c; light. 7%c; Cow Hides.
7V^c for heavy and 7%c for light; Stags, 5c;
Salted Kip. 9c: Salted Veal. 10c: Salted Calf,
10%c; dry Hides, 15c; dry Kip, 13c; dry Calf
18c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25330c each; short
Wool, 40<ae0c each; medium. 70®90c; lone
Wool, $1@1 50; Horse Hides, salt, $2 75 for
large and $2ti2 50 for medium, $1 2501 75 for
small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 &0 for medium, $1 @l 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Me'xlcan, Sic; dry salted Mexican, 25c; dry
Central American. 31c. Goat Skins — Prime An
goras. 7oc; large and smooth. 50c; medium, C3c;
small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%c per lb; No.
2. 4c; grease, 2%«t3c. ¦ 0
¦ WOOL— Fall clip — San Jcaquin Lambs'. 0Q
lie; Middle County, ll@12c; Northern Free.
HC12c; Northern Defective, 10©llc: Humboldt
and Mendoclno. 12'al4c; Nevada. 13®15c; Ore
gon fine. lS@19c;- Oregon medium. 17c per lb.
HOPS — 20®24c per lb for California.
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
Limae, Small Whites and Pinks rule flrm, the
two former being affected by the dry weather
down south, while the firmness in Pinks is
largely caused by the fact that the available
supply is smaller than previously calculated
upon. The other kinds are unchanged and
quiet.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 30@2 40; Pea. $3; But
ters, $3 25; small White. $2 85@3; large White
$2 40@2 60: Pink, $2 65®2 80; Red. $3 50; Lima
$3©3 10; Red Kidneys, $4@4 25; Blackeye. $2®
2 15 per- ctl; Horse Beans, $1 50@2.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, $3 ; Yellow Mus
tard, 52 C5@2 SO; Flax, $1 80@l 00; Canary.
£05%c for -Eastern; Alfalfa, ll@14c; Rape.
lV4@2c; Timothy, C@6%c; Hemp, 3Vi@3%c per
lb; Millet, 3®3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $20®23
per ton.
DRIED PEAS — Green, $1 S0S2 per. ctL ,*
Beans 'and Seeds.
Weather Report.
<120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 24 — r. p. m.
The fcllowirc are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfall In last twenty-four hours:
Last Thi? Last
•Stations — 24 hours, season. season.
Eureka 0.00 17. 2S 20.41
lied BIufT O.OO 11. M 12.35
Sacramento O.<>0 4.43 *>.3O
?an Francisco 0.00 «.<C 5.13
Fresno 0.00 O.88 3.13
Independence O.OO 0.42 ' 0.S3
£an Luis OfciEpo ... 0.00 0.82 4. 9S
Lo* Ansreles 0.00 0.43 4.37
Ijk'so 0.00 0.40 C.09
THn COAST RECORD.
i i £~7r i 5
£ 'r ?2 <S 2
g §! 5| =; £,- I
STATIONS. S •§ .29 - PS ¦ g"* *=
: |" % : : I
¦ : ? P : i f
Baker ?A«6 22 12 SE Cloudy .00
c a -^' 3 30.60 40 14 NE Clear .00
nurefca .-!0.C« 00 4« K Cl-ar .00
PaLT-tUaa ."JO.35 r,9 52 E Pt.Cldy .00
K^sno :«) "t<J .%S 32 W Clear .00
•VT 30.2S 28 14 E Pt.Cldy .00
Pwatello 30.SS 30 22 E Clear .00
Independence .30.30 fiO 36 NW Clear .00
Una *"r»*T .^OJU CS 42 W Clear .<"«
Mt. T. k malpals.30.:S4 54 45 NE Clear .00
Phoenix ...RO.is 00 :mj SW Clear .00
PortUsd 3Ct.4« 38 31 NW Cloudy XO
Pt R"yes SO..-JO GO 00 N Clear .OO
Red Bluff aO.2R 5« 4C SE Clear .00
P.oseburr 30.44 42 38 E Clear .01
Secra-nT.to ..3O."J6 f>8 38 NE Oar .00
Salt Lake 30.54 ."« 16 NW Cloudy .00
Km Francisco. OO.SS CO 52 NE Clear .00
« L ObiFpo ..3->.::2 CS 42 W Clear .00
fan Diega 30.20 «« 48 NW Clear -«!0
F^attlo S0T.4 40 .""2 NW Cloudy .00
?-.r,v :2 ne *»J58 30 28 NE Cloudy -«K)
Tat^x^h 30..-58 4« 42 K CJear .00
V £ !!iWaUa..*8."4 .*» 36 S Cloudy .00
Winr.emucca ..30.C0 40 12 RW Clear .00
Yuma 80.22 62 46 NW Clear .00
Chicago reported the market gaining in ac
tivity, though prices showed little change yes
terday. San Francisco dealers report this mar
ket for Hams. Bacon and Lard dull and weak,
with plenty on hand. ' •
CURED MEATS — Bacon, ll%c per lb for
heavy, 12c for light medium, 14c for light,
14%c for extra light. IS? for sugar-cured and
20c for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured
Hams, 14c: California Hams. 13«4©13%c; Mess
Beef, $11 50 per bbl; extra Mess. $12@12 50;
Family, $13; prime Mess Pork. $17: extra clear,
$24; Mess, $19; Dry Salted Pork, 12c; Pig Pork,
$28; Pigs' Feet. $5 25; Smoked Beef, 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
9V4c;.10-lb tins. 9*4c; 5-lb tins, 9~^c; 3-lb tins,
10c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8%c: three
half barrels. S%c; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces^
b%c; five tierces, S%c per lb.
Provisions 1 !
Stock and Bond Exchange.
THURSDAY. Dec. 24—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. nid.A«!e.
4s qr coup.. 110 — 4s qr cp newl."i.T;i3t'4
4s qr reg...lO9»illO% 3s qr coup. .107 % US »*
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 3s. — -^ Do 5s . . . .10a»ill0Vi
i Bay CPC Ss.lOl — Do con 5s. — IO314
Cal C G .'.s. — 1C6 O W grd 5s. — 97
Cal C & E g Oceanic S 5s. — 73 .
m & ct 5s. — 1C6% Om Cable 6»120 —
Cal-st 5s .. — — Pac G Im 4s. 95 10t>
C C Wat 5s. — 100 P E Ry 5s. 107 107 !£
I Ed L & PCs.120 — P & C H 6s. — —
; F & C H 63. — 117 P & O R 6s.U7%120
i Geary-st 5s.. 43% 90 Powell-st 6s.ll3«4 —
i H C&S 5%s.lO4 — lSE G&R 5s. — - 101
I H C & S 5s. — 100 |SF & SJVSs. 116V. 117
i Hon R T 6a.lO4 10«? | S R of C 63.112% —
L A Elec r.s.101 105% S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5a.Hl 113 (1909) 107V1CS
L A L Co 6s. - — (1910) 108% —
Do gt«i 6s. — — S P of C 6»
Do gtd 5s. — 104% <10€5)3r A. 103 104
LAP lem 5s.l00 102 (19<15)Sr B. — lC4tf
Mkt-st C Cs.118% — (190fi> 104mC3
Do lem 53.112V* — (1912) 114% Hi'*,
NRR of C6s. — 103 SPC 1 eg 5s. — 117',
Do 5s 114% — Do stmpd.l06%107>i
N P C R 5s. — 1C8% S P B R 6s. — 132 1 !
N C R 5s.. — 112 S V W 6s.. 100 —
N C P C 5s. — 101 Do 4s 2dm. 9»i4 —
N S R R Cs.lOO — Do 4s 3dm. 97 03*4
i O G L H 53.107% — Stkn G&E 69 — ICO
1 O T Co 6s.. 118% — >U G k E as. — 103
; WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 41 IS V W Co. 38T; 33 «i
I Marin Co . . 61 — IS V W Co. 33% C3"i
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L.&P. 3%4 SFG&E. 84% 65
Mutual E L. 7 10 S F Gas L-. 3Vi 0*6'
Pac G Im.. 54 W% Stkn G * E. 5 —
Pac L Co.- 53*i — U G & E.. — S9
Sac E G&R. — —
; TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
i S F G & E. CG 67 f
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd"320 350 |
BANK STOCK9.
i Am Ntl Bk.120 130 L P & A..\ — 170
; Anjrlo-Cal ..85 9t Mer Trust... 230 203
Bank of Cal.444 447 Mvrch Ex . . — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 131 S F NatlonL — -¦
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS. ¦;;,--
Ger S. & L.2235 — Sav & L So. — 1C» '
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk.400 500 .
Mutual Sav.lOO 110 Union T Co. — — .
S F Sav U.6C0 — |
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. •— 2C3 IPresidio 40*4 — f
Geary — SO I *
POWDER.
Giant ...... 62% 64 I Vigorit 4% 4*S'
SUGAR.
liana- P Co. — 8Cc Kllauea S C. — • ' ',
Hawaiian C. 44 Vi 43 Makawell C. 23 —
Honokaa S C 12% 13 Onomea S C. — 31 .
Hutch S F C — 9% Faauhau S C 14 13
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.139^4 — Oceanic S C — •-."..
Cal F C A. 92% 04% Pac Aux FA 4% — -
Cal Wine A. 90% 92 Pac C Borx.15? —
Morning Session.
Board — ' «
$1,000 North Shore 5 per cent 100 25
5 S F Gas & Electric Co. cash. 64 50 '
115 Spring Valley Water Co. cash. 38 75
95 Spring Valley Water Co. b 30. 3» 00 -
Street —
$5,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent.107 23
Afternoon Session.
Board —
30 Alaska Packers* Assn ."..140 CO
77 Giant Powder Con Kt 5O
5 Giant Powder Con «3 DO
10 Spring Valley Water Co 33 CO
Street —
$0 COO Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent.107 25
- 35 S F Gas & Electric Co, cash. 64 30
$l,0CO SPC 1st c 3 per ct istznpd).lo7 23
California Stock and Oil Exchange
¦ Board adjourns until Monday, the 2Sth.
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked;
Alma - 1 4t>
Apollo 42 ....
.Associated Trust Certificate*. 19 •
Aztec • 8v
California Standard U
Caribou 135 ISO
Central Point Con CO
Chicago Crude ,.... . ' •¦ 19
Claremont 35 ....
Esperanza ....... ISO ....
Four • ..••.••••••••—• C7 ....
Fulton 4 33
Hanford''.V.V.V..!""."I!!!'.!l33"c6 144CO
Home.. 102% 105
Imperial ....
I Independence 13 . "13
! Junction 14 IS
Kern * SO .4.3
Kern Rl>er 10 00 ....
Lion 02
Monarch (o* Arizona) 43,
Monte rrli<to 63 ....
f OccMent-tl of W Va IS
Oil City Petroleum 28
lierless - 1* J^»
Pittsbur? .20
I Keeil-Crudv ". . .
S F & McKlttrick .'.'.. • 3 23
1 San Joaquln O & V 4 CO . ....
•Senator *2 ....
bovtreiicn •»' 4O
Sterling • "•••• * 75
Surerl';r 05 07
last them through the season, and It would
not be surprising If they had to come to this
market before the present season Is over. So,
even in the event that the Government should
place its order in the north, this market will
be benefited, although In an indirect way. On
the whole, everything points toward a brisk
trade and higher prices after the first of the
year. ¦
"The demand for tame oat hay and alfalfa
.13 very gcod. with rather light arrivals, so the
prices on these grades have advanced 50 cents
per ton. Other grades remain as quoted here
tofore."
BRAN— $10f?20 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $26 50@2S 50 per ton.
SHORTS— $10520 per ton. .
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23@24 per
ton; Oil Cake Meal at the mill. $27@28 50;
Jobbing, $29@30: Cocoanut Cake, $21@22; Corn
Meal, $28 50®29 50; Cracked" Corn. $29@30;
Mixed Feed. $22@23; Hor«p Beans. $30@40 per
ten.
HAY— Wheat, $13 50J?16: Wheat and Oat.
$13«U5 50; Oat, $12«14 50; Wild Oat, $10 50®
12 50; Barley, $10^13; Stock, nominal— none
here: Alfalfa, J1O012 50 per ton.
STRAW— 40665c per bale.
PEACHES— Are In light supply and firm
with choice quoted at 7U@7%c; extra choice
7%gSHc; fancy. 9\i@lOYi.c.
APRICOTS — Are in moderate demand; choice,
9V4^9%c; extra choice, 9%@10W,c; fancy 11@
1*>C. ; .
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is
quieter now that December contracts have
been pretty well arranged for and prices are
rather easy. Common are quoted at 4<g5c;
prime. 5V»ffi3*<c; choice, 6@C%c; fancy, 7c.
PRUNES— Appear to be attracting a fair
jobbing and some export demand, ruling firm
at prices ranging from 3%c to 6%c for vari
ous prrades.
DRIED FRUITS.
PETROLEUM— Steady: refined. New' York,
9.30c; Philadelphia and Baltimore, 9.25c;do in
bulk. fi:33c.
COFFEE — Spot Rio. firm: No. 7 Invoice 7c:
mild, flrm: Cordova. 8H013& Coffee futures
closed steady net unchanged to 5 points lower.
Pales were 14:).000 bags, including: December,
(j.SOc: January. 6.C566.S0c: February. fl.85c;
March. 7«j".15c; April, 7.20c; May, 7.30@7.40c;
July. 7.45«77.55c; September, 7.65@7.80cj Octo
ber. 7.80fr7.S5c; No\*ember. 7.90c.
SUGAR— Raw, nominal; fair refining, 3 1-16
(&3M.c; centrifugal, 0<3 test, 3 9-10c; molasses
sugar, 2 13-lCji2" 1 «c: refined, quiet.
WOOL— Firm
XEW YORK, Dec. 24. — FLOUR — Receipts,
20.700 barrels; exports, 2O.200 barrels; sales,
D7ih> packages. Dull, bat firmly held. . ¦
WHEAT— Receipts, 106.275 bushels; exports,
31,432 bushels; sales. 3,270,000 bushels. Spot,
firm; No. 2 red, 99%c elevator. 93%c afloat;
No. 1 Northern Duluth, 9<5%c f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 hard Manitoba, nominal, f. o. b. afloat.
There was an advance of • nearly a cent in
wheat on a sensational, war rumor and higher
cables, but the market eventually yielded to big
receipts and realizing and closed irregular at
%W-"4c net advance. Sales included: No. 2 red
Sti%?iS7 1-Hie, cloF»d 86%c; July, S2«&ft83c,
closed S2 3 ic; December, 94V.fJ04%c, closed
94-<,c.
HOPS— Firm. ,
HIDES— Firm.
New York Grain and Produce.
Open. . High. Low. Close.
May .......*»$1 00 . $1 Oti ., SI Ori% $1 05%
December ... 1 17 ' 1 17 1 17 1 17
OATS — The Government has opened the bids
for the Manila order for the 4320 tons Oats
and 5435 tons Hay already . mentioned. The
north beats San Francisco ?4. on the Oats, but
we beat them $5 on the. Hay. so it is still a
matter of guesswork as to where the' order
will be placed. The market Is quiet and of
a holiday character, at, unchanged prices.
~ White, $1 22%«J1 25 for California and $1 27%
@1 35 for Northern; Black, $1 45@1 65; Red.
$1 20@l 32% for feed and $1 25@1 35 for seed;
Gray. $L 32%. ¦'. * ¦ ,
CORN — No further change in quotations is
reported. The market is quiet and not over
firm as interior holders are now offering lib
erally on this market.
Western sacked. $1 25<gl 27% for Yellow,
$1 22%@1 25 for White and *1 22% for Mixed;
California large Yellow. $1-32%: small round
do $1 4001 50; Wh/te. $1 25 per ctl.
RYE— $1 25®f 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75®2 per ctl.
FUTURES. • .
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
' Open. High. ¦ Low. Close.
May $1 0«% $1 06% $1 06% $1 0tl%
December . . 1 14 1 15 1 14 1 15
2 p. m. Session. ¦ ...•."'„
Feed $1 12%@1 15;: Shipping and Brewing.
$1 17%(gl 20; Chevalier, $1 20@l 45 for fair to
choice. ¦• ¦
CASH BARLEY.
. Open. ¦ High. Low. Close.
May. $136% $1 3(J% SI 36% $1 3ti%
December . . 1 40 1 40 1 40 1 40
BARLEY — Futures continued to advance.
May being Influenced by the holding off of
the rain, while the d<?naand to fill the December
shorts is hardening the market for this month's
deliveries. Most of the current large receipts
consist of grain being called in from the coun
try to "deliver against this December short
age. The cash grain Is generally held at $1 15.'
though buyers are not yet quite ready to pay
this figure.
It was. reported yesterday that tips had been
sent to. this market from Oregon and Washing
ton that tlie Russian Government had appeared
there as a buyer of large quantities of Barley,
Oats, Hay and other forasej If this prove3
true, all these markets will feel the effects. of
this new demand.
California Club. ' $1 "37V{i@l 40; California
White Australian. $1 C0@l 52%: Northern Club.
$1 40S1 4H,i; Northern Bluestem, $1 50@l 51*4;
Oregon Valley, $1 40. 5
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open.' High. Low. Close.
May $1 30% ?1 37% $1 30% $1 30%
2 p.' m. Session.
CASH WHEAT.
WHEAT — The exchanges all over the world
— in England, on the Continent and in the
United- States, including our^ local Exchange —
will remain closed on Saturday, hence there
will be no more business in grain until Mon
day.
The foreign markets were all flrm. with a
bullibh situation. The Russo-Japanese compli
cations are affecting the , market, while cables
from the Argentine report a biff -labor strike
in Buenos Ayres. which will affect shipments
if It continues. The quality of the . grain In
the Argentine Is decidedly better than last
year. The interior, however, is complaining
of damage by rain.
Bradstrcet'a gives the American exports for
the week. Flour included, at 2,335.000 bush
els, against 3,500,000 during the same week
last year. The Cincinnati Price Current says
that the crop from Illinois eastward is bene
fited by rains, and that the prospects in the
Southwest are fair. Minneapolis wired that
the elevators were good buyers of cash Wheat.
New York reported considerable excitement on
the Produce Exchange over a cable from
Broomhall that the Japanese fleet was clear-
Ing for action. Chicago was affected by the
same news, and advanced from S-'Hic to
84V6c. but reassuring news from- the Far East
lat«r on brought ' about more or less realizing
and the markeC-felt-ba^ic'to 83"<c. ~
lit. this market futures' were higher, the May
option, being affected by the dry weather,,
while the improvement In December was due
to the existence of a- short interest, of which
the longa ore taking advantage.- The cash
grain continues firm, but the market Is at a
standstill, as nobody cares to do much busi
ness until after the first of the year. /
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 81%
Sterling Exchange, sight -... — 4 85.
Sterling Exchange, cables I — 4 88 •
New York Exchange, sight — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounce — 65%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — , 43
Exchange and Bullion.
The market continues dull and featureless.
No activity is expected until after the turn of
FRUIT — Apricots, 7®9c for ! Royals and 9<9
lie for Moorparka; Evaporated Apples, 4@5%c;
suc'-drled, 3%©4c; Peaches. 4%®6%c; Pears,
6Q>10c; Nectarines, 4S5%c; Figs, white, 4@lr.ic
In boxes; black. 4^4c; Plums, pitted, 6S9c per
pound. •
PRUNES — 100S crop, 2%<32%c for the four
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices, Fresno, for 1903
crop: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel, 2-crown.
5Ue per lb; 3-crcwn, 5%c; 4-crown. 6%c; Seed
less Muscatels. 4%c; do. floated. 4%c; un
bleached Sultanas. 4%c; Thompson's Seedless,
5%c. . London Layers — 2-crown. $1 23; S-crown,
$1 35': 4-crown clusters, $2; 5-crown Dehesas.
$2 50;' 6-crown Imperials. $3: Malaga Loose. 2
crown. 5c per lb; do 3-crown, 5%c; Valencia
Cured 4»/ic; Pacific, do. 3%c; Oriental, do,
2%c. Seeded Raisins — 16-oz. packages, fancy,
Sc per lb; choice, 7!&c; 12-oz. packages, fancy,
CV,c; choice. C*ic; in bulk, fancy. 7%c; choice,
7*ic
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 13%@14c:
No. 2 ll%#?12c: No. 1 hardshell, 13®13%c;
No. 2,' 11011 V-c: Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
10%c for I X"L. 10^c for Ne Plus Ultra and
8%c for Languedoc: Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern;
Pecans, ll®13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50115; Cheat
nuts, S@10« per lb..
HONEY — Comb. 10<512e for white and S%@
9%c for amber; water white extracted. 5#5%c;
light amber extracted. 4fc@*>c; dark, 3%@4c
UEESWAX— 27©29c per'lb. -. :--..-,
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honey^
The annual meeting of the stockholders ol
the California Safe Deposit and Trust Com
pany has been called for January 11.
The Savings and Loan Society has declared a
semi-annual dividend at the rate of 3^ pet
cent :¦• r annum on all deposits, payable Jan
uary 2.
The Nevada County Bank of Nevada City
and Grass Valley has declared a semi-annual
dividend at the rate of 3% per cent per an
num on savings deposits, payable January 2.
Henry Wadsworth, as receiver for Eppinsei
& Co., has declared a first dividend in liqui
dation of 5 per cent on the claims' of creditors.
The California Savings and Loan Society, is
liquidation, has declared a dividend of a p<»r
cent on all deposits, payable January 2.
The Italian-American Bank has declared a
semi-annual dividend at the rate of 3.tiO per
cent, per annum on all savings deposits, pay
able January 2.
The Market-street Rank ha3 declared a semi
annual dividend at the rate' of 3Vj per cent per
annum on all savings deposits, payable Jan
uary 2.
The Utah Consolidated Copper Mining Com.
pany of I'tah has declared a dividend of $1 5fl
l>er share, payable January l.V
The San FranoUco Gas and Electric Com.
pany paid a dividend of $2 .'.<> per share,
amounting to $:^»5.2j2 10. yesterday.
Tnc» Mutual Electric Light Company ha»
levied an assessment of $1 per share, delin
quent January 25. As thf> company has thu»
far been unable to sell the bonds that were
authorized some time ago. this aaoevsment i»
necessary to provide funds for immediate use.
The business week closed dull, with few
fluctuations. Gas and Electric wan weaker at
*«>4 RO. and Giant Powder sold at $62 50©«I.
All the local oil and mining stock exchanges
stand adjourned to next Monday.
Sales on the California Exchange this week
were 7591 shares, valued at $#x;4, the leading
sales f-H-ij as follows: Associated Oil. 2740
shares; Home, 1700; Oil City and Sterling, 1CO0
earh.
STOCK MARKET.
According to the Pacific Lumber Trade Jour
nal the downward tendency of lumber prices
*«¦ having the ?fl'ect of r-urtailinsr lumber and
shingle production in the -Pacific Northwest.
From imports reoei\ - ed by the Journal It is safe
to state that fully 109 sawmills and 250 shin
gle wills in Wathington, Oregon. Idaho and
Moniia have been or are about to be closed
down solely on account of the unsatisfactoiy
prices offered for their products. Other mills
now in ojieratlon are preparing to cease ope
ration temporarily, or will curtail production
as much as pc-^ible. The lopgers are also
closing dov.n their camps, and in other ways
cutting down the input of logs.
The Lumber Trade.
There will be little or no business in the
l-'r.ited EtBtes «r.d Europe the ren of this we«=k,
a* the excharf's all over the world have ad
.^urned until Monday. This includes the Ban
Frannt-o Groin Exrhacce and meet of the
ftrwk exchan^es. The banks will b« open on
Saturday as umial, hut the <"«y will be only
half a day in the wholesale districts.
The Christmas Holidays.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Dec. 24. — Clearings, $583,002;
balances. $129,951. ..
TACOMA, Dec. 24. — Clearing, $415,917;
balances. $35,222.
PORTLAND. Dec. 24. — Clearings,. $644,434;
balances, $80,221.
SPOKANE. Dec. 24. — Clearings, $354,433;
balances, $71,002.
Northern IVlieat Market.
OREGON.
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND. Dec. 24. — Wheat — Walla
Walla, 71c; bluef>tem, 76c; valley, 77c.
TACOMA, Dec. 24:— Wheat— Steady; blue
stem, 79c; club, • 75c.
Stock*— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchiscn 12,000 Cf\^ «7^ o"Ti
Atchiaon pfd -.400- 92^ 1)2 V* 82
Bal & Ohio 3,500 78^ 7S«w 7S>4
Bal t Ohio pfd... * .... 88
Canadian Pac 500 118 T i 118% lls^i
Central o* N J.... luo 102** 162V 1C2
Ches & Ohio S00 33»% 33^, 32U
CM & Alton -j.s!
Chi & Alton pfd... 200 71 4 71 71
Chi Great West 100 15*a 15U 15%
C .t G West U pfd l 27>/I
Chi & N W 2.0*10 103 168 1C> '
CM Term & Trans. 200 8'4 814 S"4
Chi Term & T pfd 17%
C, C, C & St Louis 78$
Cole So :S00 14'i 1414 14
Cclo So let pfd 1,8<H> 52'-. 52 Va 52
Colo .*»•;• 2d ptl 100 23" 23 22%
Del & Hudson 2.C00 lOTt', Iti7^ 1W>4
Del. Lack & W 1,000 205 203«* 2ti5» s
Den & Rio G 21
D*n A: Rio G pfd.. 100 12% 72Vi 72
Erie 9,900 2!» T * 29^ 2i>%
Erie 1st pfd 1,700 CS% «>&»,» O>%
Erie 2d pfd 1,800 Ol'i 51 51
Great Nor pfd ltJO
Hocking Val fJa'.A
Hocking Val pfd... 100 SJi* 84 M, l S4'i
III Central 1,900 130-; 130»« 130*4
Io-va Central .' . 20
I or/a 'Central pfd * ....
Kans City So 18%
Kans Citv So pfd 34',J
Louis & Nash 8.100 1OS% 10<;i, 108
Manhattan L «.C00 144 143*8 143%
Met £t Ry 4,300 123 & 123 123
Minn & rit Louis 00
Mo Pacific 1,200 84% 94 94".'
Mo, Kans & T ftOO ' 11\ 17'4 17%
Mo. Kans & T pfd. l,20tf 33% S9Vi 39%
; N R R of Mex pfd. 100 30^ 30^ 30
N' Y Central 3,700 120U 11»% lifts;
Nor & West 1.100 57% 57 57Va
Nor & W pfd 85
Ont & West 1,900 22% 22V6 £2>,i
Pennsylvania 1.500 USHs 118% US 1 *
Pitt*. C C & St L CO
Reading 0,100 45% 45U 45^;
Reading 1st pfd 76%
Reading 2d pfd 00
Rpck Island Co 10,800 2.: 7 4 23% 23>i
: Rock Island Co pfd 3.100 iM\i 59 5UV 3
St L & S F 1st pfd • C2
St L & S F 2<1 pfd. 1.000 40H" .19 29Vi
St UuU S W 100 13»i 13',i ISVj
St Louis SW p'd "2
! St Paul 12,400 144^ 143>; 143%
¦ St Paul pfd 200 174% 174% 172H
' So Pacific 5.400 4RK, 47% 48%
: 60 Railway l.«00 20% 2O',4 20^
So Railway pfd ... 200 7S 78 78
Tex & Pac -fOO 2o»4 25 25
Tol, St L & W r>00 23^, 23 23
Tol St L & W pfd. 1.300 :jfli£ 35% fMJH
Union Pacific 14,200 78% 78*4 78%
Union Pacific pfd b~*n
Wabssh 100 20 20 20
Wabash pfd ....... 900 OCri 30%
Whcal & V Erie "0
Wls Central .17
Wi» Cent I'ld "3 1 /*
ExpresE Companiee —
»,l.,r..(; 224
American - 1 00 190 190 190
United States 2C0 110 103 110
Wcits-I-arsro • •••• 210
Misccllanecu-^ —
Vmal Copper S2.75O 49% 48% 4S%
AniCar&F 2.300 20% 19% 10'^
Am Car & F T>fd.. 200 flS CS 67
Am Linseed Oil 9%
Am Lin Oii Pfd .. 100 29% 29-4 29
Am Ix.:cirotlve ... 4.200 19^ JS% 15%
Am l^eo i;fd 1,"'X) TJ*^ ,«.) ,u
Am Smelt & Refnc 3,750 DOU 49 H ™V*
Am ? £ Refr.g pfd ;;; ¦••¦ !K>
Am ?upar Rcfng.. W&O 12<% 12u->i 12CT&
Ana M:nir.z Co ... 1.300 7S ., 77%
Bklyn Ha.oid Tran. 2S.100 M% 52% M^
Colo Fuel & Iron. ftOO 2i*» 2« 2. '*,
C-A & Hock Cca!.. »00 1 Hi 14*; 14%
ConsolMatod Gas . . 2,400 1U«% 195 195
G»;ieral Electric .. 2,200 173 168 171
Inter Paper 10%
lT.t«r Par>er I'M .. .-¦• •»
Inttr Pom? l«0 2S. 2S 27
In*»r I'ubii) pfd... 100 70 70 09
National niscult 8"
National I^ad .... 550 14 14 14
North American .. ".50 78% 77 78%
N'j:--!! i?o.-urities 89.
Pacilia Mall -* 1 '9
Pecr>» Oas 2.W5O 98% >»SH 38%
Vr<*M*& Stetl Car. 150 29% 2S>4 29
rr^-»ea S Cor r.M. 200 08% C7 07%
I"j!!raan I'al Car 21«
KPpcbllc St»-*1 pvi
RepubiJc Steo! pfa. ..;..... .... 40-
P.i-.bbcr G^oda 400 .IS 1.8 1,%
Rubber Gac^ls \,l&. 1«> 72 72 72
T*r!n Coal & Iron. 10,«50 .i.'i , "S> 3C-J
IT 8 Le«tlier "'00 "M 7% J^'
t; s leather nfJ.. c.</> 77 70% 70%
I* S Uubber 1°
t; S R-jbSrr iifd "•>
XJ S Ste«l H.2I1O 10*i 10% 10%
V fc l"te*l r.fJ .... 15.200 B5%; M% .V.%
V.'cKteni Union
1 Total tafe. -....StTjOO
UNITED IIAILUOADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
VHTV YORK. Dec. 24. — Bond transactions
\;n!te«l It»1Ir..an« of Snn . Frnnclsco: 6000 at
7&'/4, 14.000 at 7£V1"
3*JTSW YOP.K BO.VCS.
U i? re' "* res ..30'j II^cuU & "•" unl 4i.100%
l>i> coup 1««"«A| Manhattan c if <t.lO2«i
Dt» .*> rcS ....107*4 Mex Cent 4s ... 70
T>o coarj 107«i Do 1st Inc ... 11%
Pc n-n 4a rc<."3"iU Minn A St L 4a. 93
r»o .-ou-> IS-T\1 M K & T 4s »<;%
Ho old 4s rec.lC3"-4 Tfo 2d» 70
D? coup 110% T R B of M c it. 73
This process of filling up the gaps In values
cauwd by the drastic liquidation effected dur
ing the year hag been viewed with a contented
spiiit In the financial world, where the showing
to be maile in annual balance sheets of the
market values of securities held will cut an
irrrortant figure and has been the occasion of
, some anxious consideration at different times
d-Jrinp the distressing year just closing. How
far active measures have been used In the
market to help this improvement is a matter
for surmise. But the fact that the result has
come with little effort proves the flrm under
lying condition in the present market. Fore
houinffs over the year-end money markets are
definitely laid to rest and the ease of the money
market has been greater during the paat week
than for any correspondine period for many
y^ars. But this freedom from any pressure for
credits has not resulted in any free use of
thorn for speculative uses. Savings banks in
New York have determined to maintain the
existing Interest rate, and several savings banks
in Brooklyn have advanced their rate from 3U
to 4 per cent. But '-- - employment of money
in the present market is checked by considera
tion of the heavy requirements for railroad bond
issues which are known to overhang the money
market, gome Cf these will be for the purpose
of funding temporary loans to railroads during
the past period of stringency to carry on neces
sary work with the intention of waitins for
more propitious conditions to issue long-time
loans in funded form. The official intimation of
purpose to employ nart of the proceeds of these
coming bond issues in purchase of railroad
equipment has been a stimulating: Influence
upon securities of corporations dealing in such
equipment. The usual factors of unsettlement
and hesitation of a national campaign lie be
yond, with the added uncertainties of the in
dustrial and business outlook and the hoped-for
turn in the tide of contraction of the past
year. Opinions are still fixed on the iron and
Ft«*5l outlock, but are by no means so generally
pessimistic as w a s the case a few weeks ago.
Dealings in bends have not been on a large
scale for the week, but there has been a de
mand awakened for a few Issues of a specu
lative class.
United States 2s. 3s and old 4s have ad
vanced >4 per cent and the new 4s have de
clined >i per cent on call during the week. .
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
been contetnDlat*<i with some cheerfulness in
«a!l street. While the market has b»en rx
ceodincly dull and at times practically stag
nant, the ffTect has been to keep any selling
pressure off the market and prices have been
suffered to advance in a sluggish manner. Some
cf the dormant stocks have been bid up many
points without transactions and very light
offerings have been brought out at any stage of
the advance. The Fame has been true in a
moderate derree of the stocks active in the
trading.
FOR THURSDAY. DFCEMBER 24.
Flour, qr sks .. 13.911! Onions. sk» .... 2f>«
Wheat, ctls «.fi7« Fee.l. *ks M
Barley, ctls .... 72.S01 Pelts No. «J
Oats, ctls 42rt Hid»s. No 23*
Rye. ctls «5 Sugar, ctls l.WU
Beans, sks .... fiflO Quicksilver flks. 73
Potatoes ska... 4. MO' Leather, rolls .. 49
Bran, sks 33.V Wine gals .... 73.«T0
Middlings. «ks.. 570 Brandy *<Us .. 1,500
Hay. tons HO Tallow, ctls .... W
Hods, bales .... 3M Pap'-r, reams .. I.«tt4
Wool, bales .... 7!L!m». bbls .... 813
OREGON.
Onions, sks .... 296 |
Receipts of Produce.
. PERSIMMONS — 75c6?l per box,
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. $1 759
2 50 per box for fancy. SI* 25® 1.50 for choice
and 75c@|l 25 for standards; Seedlings. 7:>c€*l;
Tangerines. $1 25 for half boxes and 75cS$l for
quarter boxes; Japanese Mandarins, $1S1 50
for half boxes: Lemons, $14*2 per box; Crape
Fruit J2®3 50; Mexican Limes. |4@4 60; Ba
: Tanas' $1@2 per bunch for Hawaiian and $2®3
for Central American; Pineapple*. $2S3 50. per
dozen.
Stocks of Cranberries 'are now limited to two
or three barrels here and there among the com
mission, houses., and they will soon be gone.
Trade in the fruit market was quiet, aa Tur
keys still occupied the time and attention of
buyers, and most of the buying had been done
on the preceding rfay. Well-colcred Navel Or
anges were still scarce and readily command
ed full figures, but poorly colored etock. which
was abundant, continued very dull. Apples and
other tree fruits were unchanced, with sup
plies more than sufficient for requirements. Re
ceipts of Strawberries consisted of 42 che»t»
Malindaa and 10 chests of Longworths. The
former sold slowly at- $2 50-@3 50 per chest, and
the latter sold in a peddling way at JOii v A
chest of Raspberries came In from Hay ward*
and sold quickly at €0c per drawer. Grapes
arrived in small quantities and were in good
request at J 1 50 per crate. The market was
heavily supplied with Bananas and prices were
unchanred. -* •
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. $14SJ16 per bbl.
> APPLES— Fancy Spitzenbergs. $1 75®2 per
box; other varieties, $1 25®1 50 for fancy. 75tJ
90c for choice and 25@50c for common; Christ
mas Apples;, SI &0<32.
PEARS — Winter Nellls from cold storage.
$1 5002 per box. i
QUINCES — 10®60c per box.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CHICAGO, Dec. 2 J.— CATTLE--. Receipts,
COOO; lower. Good to prime Fteers, $3$5i?Sj
poor to medium. $3 25fS5; stockers and feed
ers $1 75@4; cows. $1 00(3-4; heifers. $2@4 75;
canners $1 50@2 40; bulls.. $2@4 25; calves,
$2<S6 25 -
HOGS — Receipts. 22,000; Saturday. 15,000;
market steady. Mixed and. butchers'. ?4 4C@
4 70; good to choice heavy. ?4 55@4 65; rough
heavy. $4 33@4 M; light. $1 10@4 45; bulk of.
sales. $4 Wai 55.
SHEEP— Receipts. SOOO; sheep, steady to
strong; lambs, steady to 6trong. Good to
choice wetheTs - ?3 50@4: fair to choice mixed,
$2 75@3 0O4 Western sheep. $3 1O<3'4; native
lambs $4@5 75; Western lambs. $4*j5 55.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
• Wheat— - Dec. Mar. -June.
Opening 2175 2115
Closing. 21 80 21 15
Flour— -
Opening J 28 45- 2S 30
Closing ." 28 45 28 30
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— • I>ec. March. May.
Opening 0 4 6 4% « UTs
Closing 6 4 ; 0 4% 6 3%
PARIS.
Foreign Futures.
SUGAR — The Western -Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb in lOO-lb bags:
Cuben. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.65c;
Powdered. 5.50c; Candy Granulated. fi.50c; Dry
Granulated, line 5.40c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.40c; Fruit Granulated r>.4Oc; Beet Granu
lated <100-lb bags only) 5.2Oc: Confectioners'
A. 5.40c: Masrnolia A. .V; Extra C. 4.90c:
Golden C. 4.S0c; "D." 4.70c; barrels. 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more; boxes 50c more; 50-lt>
bags, 10c more for all kinds Tablets — Half
barrels. 5.9«c; boxes, 6.15c; H. * E. Crystal
Dominos. 8.40c per lb. No orders taksn for
less than seventy-five barrels or ita equivalent.
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red L«ad. «%*9
"c per lb; White Lead. 6%®7o according to
quantity.
15%c: Pearl Oil in cases. 22c; Astral. 22e;
Star. 22c; Extra Star. "Sc: Elaine. 28c; Eocene.
25c; deodorized Stove Gasoline. In bulk. 17c;
In cases. 23%c; Benzine in bulk. 13c; in caaea.
19 Vic; sO-'l.giea Gasoline. In bu!k. 21c; la
cases 27 %c.
TURPENTINE — 80c per gallon in cases and
71c In drums and iron barrels.
To-day a general holiday.
All exchanges closed until Monday, here and in Europe.
Silver and Exchange shozv little variation.
Wheat and Barley firm, zpith the latter higher.
Oafs quiet and steady. Corn and Rye unchanged.
Local Hay market expects to get Government contract.
Pry weather dozen south affecting the Bean market.
AH Feedstuff's steady at previous quotations.
Putter, Cheese and Eggs continue plentiful and weak.
Nothing doing in Dried Fruits.
Provisions dull and weak here and firm at Chicago.
.\ot many Coast Hops left in first hands.
Small Hogs getting firmer and large weaker.
Good Potatoes wanted, but common stock neglected.
Onwns and Vegetables firm and in good demand.
Turkey market breaks under excessive supplies.
Other descriptions of Poultry dull. Game quiet.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits quiet and unchanged.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady: creameries, lCg23c; dairies.
10W21c; eggs easy at mark, cases included, 2B
@27%c; cheese steady. 10@10%c.
Do Cs reg 101i;|N Y Cent g 3^8. 09>i
Do coup lOHilN J Cent g 5s. 130%
Alch gen 4s ... 99%' Northern Pac 4s. 103
Do adjt 4s S8 Do 3s 70%
Atlantic C L 4s. 93^1 Nor & W c 4s... 0*\%
Balio & Ohio 4s. 101 lo S L »4 & Par. 02
Do 3>4s 9fl penn conv 3Vis.. I»5Vi
Cent of Ga 5s...lO3»i Read G»n 4s ..97
Do 1st inc TO is L & I M c 5s.lll%
Ches & O 4Ss..lO2W,'st I.4SF fg 4s. S3
Chi & Alton 3>4s. 75H St L S W lsts... »2«4
C B & Q n 4s.. 92H Seaboard A L 4s. 72
C M & S P g 4s. 1 10 ii; southern Pac 4s. S8J^
Chi & N We 7b. 131 H! Southern Ry 5s. 114%
CRI&PRR4S fis:»i!Tex & Pac lsts.HSU
Do col 5s 741' xol St L &• VV 4s.lir)',i
C C C & S L g U 9(5 union Pac 4s . . JS
Chi Term 4s 77 p o conv 4s ...102%
Con Tobacro 4s.. BO '.4 U S Ste«l 2d 5s. 05% |
Colo & So 4s... SOld Wabash lsts .... <Wv4 ¦
Denver & R G 4s. 09% Do Deb B 114'i !
Erie prior lien 4s. KS'U Wheel & L E 4s. ftlji
Do Gen 4s Sfi*, wts Cent 4s .--i SiU
Ft W & D C lsts.103 " Colo F £• I c 5s. 09V»
Hockint; Val 4Us ldtji^
NEW YORK MINING SHOCKS.
Adams Con 25 Little Cl;lef
Alice 15 Ontario J 6 )®
Breece 12 Ophlr ..1 1 «?
Brunswick Con ... 04'phoenix H •
Comstock Tunnel 05'4iPotosi * * s
Con Cal & Va 05 Savage 3g :
Horn Silver 1 05 Sierra Nevada ... 42
Iron Silver 1 S5^ Small Hopes 15
Leadvlll« Con 02 ; Standard 150
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— IWestlngh Com 80
Call loans 5V.<86 Mining —
Time loans 5 @6 Adventure ~Vi !
Bonds — Allouez -».S ;
Atchison 4s 8S*i Amalgamated 4S*i
Mex Cent 4s 6814 Ualy West 34%
Railroads — Bingham 22%
Atchison 67% Calumet & Hecla.43!S
Do prefd 02Vi Centennial ....... 14%'
Boston & Albany.244 Copper Range ... 46%
Boston & Maine.lC6 Dominion Coal... 73
Boston L 14A Franklin T%
N Y N H & H..195 Isle Royafe 6%
FJtchburg prefd.. .13« Mohawk 1B%
Union Pacinc... 78% old Dominion .....10
Mexican Cent ... 9% Osceola •;•• 5814
Miscellaneous — Parrot '31. .
Amer Sugar 126% Quincy .85
Do prefd 122^4 Santa. Fe Copper. 1# !
Amer Tel& T...127 Tamarack ..S3
Domin I & S ... 8% Trinity *%
General Electric. 170 United States ... I8Vi
Mass Electric . . . 1» Utah 30
Do prefd 75% Victoria 1%
United Fruit 100 Wlnona C%
U S Steel los*. Wolverine 6S%
Do prefd 551J
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols, money . . 88
Do account .... SA% N Y Central ...12T»%
Anaconda Cvr Nor & Western... . r >9
Atchison 70 Do pref .1 00
Do prefd !>5>4 Ontario &: West* 22H
Balto & Ohio ... S0% Pennsylvania 61
Canadian Pacific. 1 22 14 Rand Mints 9%
Ches & Ohio ... 34Vi Reading 23%
Chicago G W 10 Do 1st prefd... 40%
Chi Mil & St P. 14* Do 2d prefd 31
DeBeers 2u% Southern Ry 21T6
Denver & R G.. 21^ Do prefd SOli.
Do prefd :. 74% Southern. Pacific. . 40%
Erie 30*4 Union Pacific ... 80%
Do 1st prefd... 70% Do'prefd 90
Do 2d prefd 52 US Steel 11%
Illinois Central ..134 Do prefd 57
Louis & Nas>h ..110% Wabash 20%
Mo Kan & Tex. 18 Do prefd 38
Bar Silver — Firm, 25 l-16d per ounce.
Money — 3©3% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 3% per cent and for three months*
bills 3% per cent.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ti7,<X)O Ki.WlK*
Wheat, bushels !>4.7CO 3O.O0O-
Corn, bushels 235.000 116,80i»
Oats, bushels 239,300 ' 120.300
Rye, bushels ..12.000 , 8.200
Barley, . bushels 06,300. 14.U00
Eggs are still lower and will probably con
tinue to decline, as the receipts are ateadily
increasing 1 . Butter and Cheese are In good
supply and are selling at the same prices .as
quoted last week.
. Poultry and Game are plentiful and have
changed but little since last week. Turkeys
have been arriving freely for the holiday trade
and are selling at reasonable prices. Meats
and. Fish are still selling at the familiar quo
tations.
Fruits have not changed since la»t week and
most kinds of vegetables are still selling at
high prices.
COAL. PER TON—
Wellington .$— @10 00 \ New
Seattle $— @ S 50 Wellington $—010 CO
Roslyn $— @ « CO Wellington
Richmond ...$— @ 0 50 Nut *— @ 8 CO
Greta $— @ 9 00 Coos Bay . .$— @ 7 60
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter. choice,aq.50©55| Common Eggs. ..30035
Do good 40@45 Ranch Eggs . ...4OS45
Do packed. lb.25@30 Eastern Eggs .. — 030
Cheese. Cal 15@20 Honey comb, per
Cheese. Eastern.. 20@25 pound — ©20
Cheese. Swiss . .25@35 Do extracted . • 8@10
MEATS. PER POUND—
Bacon ',-'. . 1S©25 Pork Sausage. .12*i015
Hams • 16«?18 Smoked Beef ...—©20
Lard .12H@—
The San Francisco Butchers' Protective As
sociation gives the following retail prices for
meats: :
Roast Beef . ... .10020 Hlndqrtr Lamb..lS@20
Tenderloin Steak.l5@18 Foreqtr Mutton.. 8010
Porterhse. dol7Vi<g22*4 Leg Mutton . ..12k@15
Sirloin Steak.. 12^015 Mutton Chops.. 12*,@1S
Round Steak . .1001214 Mutton Stew 8 010
Beef Stew — <gl0 Roast Veal 12<&20
Corn Beer S@10 Veal Cutlets . ...15®20"
Soup Bones .... 4@ — Veal Stew 12"A»»"5
Soup Meat 6^10 Roast Pork ...12V>@1S
Lamb Chops ...— @20 Pork Chops . ...15@18
Foreqtr Lamb.l2"4@15
POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens, each ..-. ..5C@75 Wild Doves dz..$l 50
Young Roosters. & English Snipe. dz.*4 00
each .'. 60@SO Jack Snipe, doz..$2 5O
Old Roosters ea.506/.*? Gray Geese, each.40330
Fryers each ...5G@tiO White Geese ea.l5@25
Broilers. . each . .50(ffi«! Brant, each 2O<03r>
Turkeys per lb.22@2$ Honkers, each..40@75
Ducks, each ...75cft/:*l Teal Ducks. ea..20fi25
Geese, each..— @$i 50 Mall'd Ducks. ea.5C«P5
Goslings $2 00 Widg'n Ducks.ea20@25
Pigeons, pair ... — @60 Sprig Ducks. ea.4C@50
Squabs, per pair. — @60 Canvasbacks, ea.60<S'75
Rabbits, each ...20025 Small Ducks, ea.20©25
Hare, each — @20
FRUITS AND NUTS—
AUigtr Pears, dz.$3$ 4 1 Lemons, doz 15#25
Almond3 :...13!j?20 Otsnges. doz .. .25(550
APTles 8@ g Persimmons lb..— @ 8
Cranberries, qt..— @25< Pears per lb...— ©8
Pecans — <S2O Pineapples. ea....23©50
Brazil Kuts . .. .2n@ — iQuinces lb 3® 5
Bananas, doz ...25@10 Raisins' per lb.. 5@15
Chestnuts. 15(g20 Raspberries, per
Cocoanut*. each.. — @1Q basket — @15
Dried Figs. lb. .— ffiio Strawberries, per
Grapes per' lb.— @12& basket 10«15
<»rape Fruit, dz.75c@$l Tang?rines dz...20@25
Limes, doz 10015 Walnuts per lb..l5@20
VEGETABLES —
Artichokes. doz.75c®$l [Onions per lb.'.l%®2
Beets, dozen ....100— Ok ra. dried. lb...20@—
Beans, white, lb 5(3 — Potatoes, lb .. ..l?i©2
Colored, per lb. 5#-- Parsnips, per dz.l5©20
Dried Lima, lb.— © 6 Radishes dz bch.l.'>@20
Cabbage, each .. 8W10 Sage, dz bunches25@ —
Celery, head — ®10 String Beans
Cress, dz bunch.lO<lr — per lb 12>4@20
Cucumbers, doz.. — @25 'Summer Squash ,
Garlic 10i?M2w.! per lb SftlO
Green Peppers, lb S@10 Sprouts, per lb.. Tifi B
Dried Peppers . .ltijj-'SiSplnach. per. lb. 6@ 8
Egg Plant 15«20 Sweet Potatoes
Green Peas. lb..l5S20| per lb 2@ 2>4
Lettuce, per doz.l.V« .o|Thyme,dz bnchs.^iiS.'io
Leeks, dz bunch. lo<7?20 Turnijw, per dz. — tfiiri
Lima Beans, lb.. — 015 Tomatoes lb ... S@10
Mushrooms. lb...35fi50
FISH—
Barracouta .....— @ir, Rockcod — «13
9. ar P • • 10O12U. Sea Bass — ft\T>
Catfish — (Til2^ Smelts — <S15
Codfish —@12>£! Soles 10i915
Flounders 10@— Skates each 10rrfl5
Halibut 154?— Squid V. — @ —
Herring- SmoiTomcod 12H@—
Mackerel — <fr— iTurbot .20-8—
Do horse; 15® — Trout — ® —
Rockflsh — igi2'?JBrook Trout — @—
Salmon, fresh.. 12Ui^if> Whiteflsh 10fl>—
Do smoked.... 1.1^25 Clams, gallon ..50@—
Sardines lOfi— Do hardshell.lb SftlO
Shrimps —©10 Crawfish, lb ..KUdm
Shad w^t — Crabs, each 20(7?2.'.
Striped Bass 15if?20 Mussels lb 12H@15
Perch 10® — Oysters Cal ino.4n«/aO
Pompino — ©"TCI Do Eastern. dz.30@40
• Cheese is very weak. The- shelves in the
commission houses are full and the demand is
slow and dealers are making concessions to
effect sales. A good deal cf choice Cheese is
being worked off at 12c.
Ranch and store Eggs are still lower, the
latter especially, as receipts are Increasing.
Buyers are holding off. and stocks are grad
ually growing larger.
Receipts were 43JHX* lbs Butter, 731 cases
Egga and DOCO lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery. 25@26c for extras and
22g24c for seconds; dairy. lS@24c; store Butter,
15@17%c: cold storage, 21@23c per lb.
CHEESE— 12#12V6c for the general market.
13c for select mild new and 10@lle for lower
grades; Young Americas. 131814c; Eastern. 15&
616>£c: Western. 14©15o per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 35@37»iC for choice and
32HJfJ-«c for small and mixed 'colors: store.
27V4#.'{2Uc; cold storage. 27»i>g32>ic; Eastern.
26©30c for cold storajje.
Butter continues quiet and weak, with the
bulk of the stock in the hands of half a dozen
houses, who are quoting 25c as the top for
the best creameries. Those houses not over
stocked are quoting up to 2t>c, but this figure
is ratber extreme. Receipts were heavy yes
terday, as will be seen, and considering that to
day Is a holiday and to-morrow practically one,
with Sunday following;, the outlook is for a
heavily supplied market next Monday. Of
course this condition edds to the weakness.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Snipe. $3: common Snipe. $1 75; Wild Doves.
$1 25: Rabbits. $2 for Cottontails and $1 23 for
Brush; Hare. $1@1 25. :¦•:•/
| JjAJlf/L Y RETAIL MA RKET\
43*4c; No. 2 oats, 34*4@34">;c; No. 3 white. 04
ifi.'iTVic; No. 2 rye. 52%c; good -feeding barley. 1
;:o!S3t;c: fair to choice malting, 44@55c; No. 1
flaxs^ed, 03c; No. 1 Northwestfrn, $1: prime
timothy seed. ?2 90; mess pork, per bbl, *12@
12 12%; lard, per 100 lbs, $G t;7"A©6 70; short
ribs sides (loose), ?(» 12^@0 3"V": short clear
sides (boxed). $<> :!7\4iiO Do; whisky, basis of
high wines. $1 27: sugar, cut, loaf. $11 25.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25.. 1903.
LOCAL MARKETS.
j EASTERN MARKETS.
Continued on Pazo IV»««^.
Caail .quotations were t<s follows: Flour.- dull
and ea*y; No. ."S sprinjr wheat. 7'.>trS0o; Ho: 2
rod. SZ^gSOc; No. 2 corn. -;2c: No. 2 ycliow.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES
A. H. ANDERSON,
GENERAL AUCTIONEER.
Room 26, 2d Floor. Phelan Bids.
Has cash customers for one corner lot. II
blocks from Panhandle of Golden Gate Park;
one Grocery; one Saloon. $.JCt)O: one Lodging
House, $12CO; one Feed Stable, empty pre-
ferred, for 12 head of horses or more; on*
Cigar Stand, and one Small Restaurant.
List your Business Chances as well as emptj
places with me for quick returns. Tel. Mala
1*52.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. DECEMBER 25, 1903.
14
A NEAT LITTLE CELLULOID FIVE-FOOT TAPE MEASURE FREE
I RRLP W'AXTF-.Tl FKHALK C«n.
j SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECr.SsAK*:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS ft'CttB
FACTORIES. 32~ FREMONT ST. AND 1?«J
MISSION. NEAJK FIFTEENTH.
i ___! ¦
1 INDLSTRIOrS business women capable of
handling mercantile proposition can secure
employment with the Royal Mercantile Co. ;
genteel vr ork: good compensation. Suite l'J.
Columbian building. 910 Market it. -
WANTED immediately— A trustworthy woman
of fair education for business pc*'--l° n ;
rled -woman preferred. Box 36.17. Cal!.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. MUs
M. G. Barrett, instructor. 302 Montgomery-
CLASSIFIED advertliements and subscrl pf.cn j
received at Call branch office. 2200 nil more.
A BRANCH office cf The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been osaned at 10OS Market at., oppottta
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
HELP WASTED — MALE.
MURRAY & READY
.Wish all their patrons, employer and enj-
plove, a Merry Christmas.
MAY THE YEAR ISM
Bring Health. Wealth ar.d Happiness ,
TO YOU ALL.
A— MURRAY & READY. B.:4-»38 Clay St.
Phone Mam CS4S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1SO2 W» Gave 1003 We'll Give
45,000 Men Wcrk. C0.000 Men Work.
AF.IZONA, close tn PRESCOTT.
LOOK.
German or Scandinavian cork and wife, ho-
tel. $.V» end fcund.
Carriage trimmer. Old Mexico, free fare.
5 cooks. *ao. $10. $50. (KO ard found.
HIG LUMBER COMPANY.
5 crosscut i«ewye:s, bess here.
25 farm hands.
DON'T FORGET— §9.
ARIZONA TO-DAY PRESCOTT
Steady jobs; 2 years. BIG WAGES.
ITALIANS.
40 Italians to chop wood; tools found.
NEW It R. WORK.
1P."> Italians cr Portuguese $60.
l.*5 Greeks cr Scanlards. $(i0.
155 Austrians or Mexicans, JCO.
LAUNDRY.
Ironer. 'a-ir.dry, south, $15 week.
CATHOLIC CHURCH.
Sexton, young or mklJle.aged man, S25 found.
Mt'HRAY „ READY. e.TI-G3H Clay St.
4 CARPENTERS, fare ?! 30. $3 50 day.
i'O tunnslrr.en. $S2 50
BOOKKEEPER
for a large ranch, J50 foufld.
2 bartenders. $25 fcund.
LOOK.
Baker, ir.atitutlcn. HO ar.d found
Baker, city, bread, cake. |C3.
Teamster and wife. , ranch, fare SI; boss
here, $3o and found.
SIGN PAINTER: 5 boys learn trades.
Choreman, institution. $25 tound.
LOOK.
Blacksmith, tool sharpener, mine. J9O.
Blacksmith's helper, mine. $C7 50.
9 vineyard prunsrs. J20 fcund.
GOOD JOBS.
12 two and four horse teamsters. $37 50 and
$15 per month; good Jobs
MURRAY _ READT, (£4-636 Clay st.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY
520 — Sacramento St.— 520
Phone Main IIOL r^r. Liidcsdorff St.
COAL MINERS— OREGON'— NEW MEXICO
SHIP SATKP.DAY NIGHT TO
CrIICO. HUTTE CO.— HALF FARE— 20 two
ar.d four htrse teamster?, S2 25 ar.d $2 30-
5 laborers, v.-rv cneap fure. $2 25 a day; i
header er.rt corr.er men, big tunnel, part fres
fare, 5S2 SO: :: tunneimen. half fare. *«0 an-J
found: ;*. farmers cooks. •
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
AT Ean Francisco Employment Bure%i, 27»^
Fcurih st.— ."> boiler-makers. 5-'J SO a day,
man and wire for restaurant, city. $10 and
fcunJ; r?Eisterea plumber.
COMPETENT SEWING MACHINE ADJUST-
ER FOR OUR PORTLAND FACTORY. IN ¦
QllRE AT STANDARD FACTORY. GOUGH
ANO GROVE STS.. HETWF.EX 1> AND 11
A. II . 8AT17RDUT. DEC. 2t5. 1000.
WANTED— Fcr I". S. army, able-bodied, un-
married men. between ages of 21 and 35. clti-
sens of United States, of Rood character and
temperate habits, who can (peak, read and
write Knglleh. For Information apply to Re-
crultlns Officer. Rlalt.j building. New Mont-
gromery tt.. San Francisco, or Masonic build-
ing. Facramento, Cal.
A— L _
Men to learn ths barber trade In two months
*nd «ert:re good pcsltions; catalogue acd fuii
Informtt.on mailed free. MOLER System
College. ir:5 Clay st.
BARBERS, take notice— m.-v-ticn of offlc?rs for
the ensuins term tnf:ts rl^cc Monday, D^c.
2S. Fine of $1 for non-*ttendancs. By order
of thr> urlon. JOS. R. BLEILY. Secretary.
GOVERNMENT pcsitlons — Call at room 14,
fifth flfior. .105 L«rk;n St.. for fre« Informa-
tion as to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.:
day or t-venlngs.
WANTED — Z0 first-class clothing salesmen.
Apply bet. 10 and II. Friday morn'ne. C10
Kearny iM
VOY frr whoies-\l> hcuse: state a»e and experi-
ence Address box SC33, Call.
WANTED — A lunch waiter. C.G6 fourth st.
WANTCD— Lccl.smith or vise hand. WIL-
LIAM G'JTZMAX. KC0 Dwlght. Berkeley.
WHY pay big prices'"^ have your shoes half-
ecle>; when you can eet It done for ?3c. 80s
«nd CCc wMIe you wait at BC't Mission St..
bet. It* j-nd ?d *!*:. cr 11 Third St.?
WANTKD — Fcr L\ S. Marjr.e Corps, able-
bodied unnanrried men. between 21 ar.d 35:
(food character: must speak, read and writ*
EnRilEh; marines serve at sea on men-of-
war In a'l part* of the world, on land in our
island pessessiens and at naval stations la
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
flrc. 40 E!lls ft.. San Francisco. Cal.. and
401 K st.. Sacr>irrefi»r>. Cal.
WANTEP — Men and women t.« Uarn th» bar-
ber trade In the most practical colleges In
th? United States: chNirest. oulckest ar.d
most business-like method. For particulars
cnll nr addrew> Western tTIlese of Uarbers.
f.47 Commercia: st.. Snn Francisco.
WAVTED— An all around boeVbinder: one who
ran do forwardir.R and finishing on full
bourns. Apply SAN15ORN. VAIL & CO.. 741
Market st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third St.: 230 rooms: 23c to COc per night.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at 11 and
$1 50 per pair, foot-form »r>o?s at Si 50. or
frth^reol^ sl-o«s. $3 P0: best shoes on earth. 11
Third St.. F.xam. b?d?.. B doors from Maricet.
TRAVELER for notion b:win«ss: must com-
mand country trade: «rood salary to the right
man. Address box 3635. Call offlce.
PALMER HENDRIKSON. formerly of Seattle.
Is earnestly requested to t- rite to his sorrow-
ing mother or. come home.
PENSION ATTY.. ~M. HAP.RTS. 40 Ellis St.: 14
years' practice: references from thousands of
persons-for whom I have secured pensions.
TRA" cur men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair: foot- form she** at $-' 50; we pay
express er mail chsrjr»s. 11 3d et.. Exam. bM
MEN to lef.rn barber trade. San Francisco
l:arb«r, College. 741 A Howard St.
SFAMEX for Australia and Kurope: also green i
hands for whallnc. HERMAN'S. 22 East st. i
PPNSION atty..' E. A. Bul'ls, room 40. Pheian
b'.Js. P«st Com. Geo. H. Tr.cmas Post. O.A.R.
McDONALD A- PKRRY heve a large stock, of
ftaw and second-hand shoes: cheap. 2:"i "«1 st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. .near Mar-
kct — 700 rooms; 25c night: reading rooms:
free 'ous and *a*z3ge to and frum ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for ths reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has be»n
<.pen-*l at 1O08 Market it., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. '<:¦'• Mlisicn St.. bet. 1st and "J sta.
GFT your shcir* half soled whil» wa'.tinir- 23c
to tO:. DC'} Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HOUSES TO LET.
A PRINTED list of houses to let: »end lor cl-.
cular. O.H.UMBSKN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A— HOUSES and fiats to let; an immense list*
service abFi'.utely free; Mke advantage of
thia department: It Trill save you titro and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 243-250 Cevry
at.. «.n •!>• square.
NW. CORNER Cough and Bush— Fine n«st-
den^t. 11 rooms snd bath. Full particulars
MADISON & BURKE.
EEFOKE moving get our printed list of hou-. *
to let. BALDWIN * 1IOWELL. 23 Post st.
EXHEJtT OTTICIAX.
GEORGE MAYERLE'S GLA«Sti"are~7a: "svT-
perlor to all etr.c-r* for reading, working or
distance. we,ak eyes, poor sight, neadacne.
dizziness, nervousness, cloudiness o* vision,
ficatlrj; ipots, pa!n In cr about the eyes, be-
hind the h*a'l 1 r in the temples, sore or In-
flamed eyes or eyelids, watery. Itching, smart-
ing, twitching, ncratchlnu eyes, crcsa eyes,
gluey, crusty or heavy eyelids and many
oth'r eye troubles. Mayerle's classes are
used by the highest I'nieed States army, navy
and Government officials and most errinen?
clergymen, educator*, doctors, lawyers ar.d
men who appreciate th* soothing nnd strength-
ening cfTert of these glass?*. GEORGE
MAYFri.ES EYEGLASSES make an ex-
cellent Xrrisa clft; sent by express: can be
tried before paying charges: German eye-
water. .'.Cc. by mail *~'2c. CEOROF, MAY-
KKLE. GERMAN EXPERT OPTICIAN. 10.1
Mark't ft.
FACIAL &r_.SSAO~i.
A — WRINKLES f •¦moved : fire.comp'exion gjar-
anteed. new method: 50o. M LUTON. mani-
curing parlors. *if.4 Larkln si.; phone Poll: 17.
1 '¦ ¦¦¦¦ ¦—.._.—, .
' . FIVAXCIAL.
IIALFMOON Bay — A new company now ursati-
lzlng; owns nearly completed well only 4iiO
feet from tiio Iridepenilcn t Kus!ier; officered
by men of hiphest reputation: smnil amount
of sti/<-k la offered at organization - price.
DEBENTURE SURETY »:O..RIatto bdg.,S.K.
WE have pilt-«d?e f-rst mortgafjes for ?aje In
amounts $'CO to $10.0-00. netting R, per^cent
Interest.; jriyrr.cnt of r>r!n<-ina! nrni Interest
Guaranteed. FULLER & FRIERSON.
160.S Klghth st.. Oakland.
COMPAN1FS Incorporated, financed and Mock
floated. W. II. K1TTNER. lawyer and Fi-
nancial Agent. "22 Emma Spreckels bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
\
A — HOUSES and flat3 to let: nn Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will have you time and
trouble. Conies Furniture Co.. 245-251» Geary
el., on the square.
/ "~™ .
ALL of Ihe must tlesirablp flats and houses are
listed In our renting department ; let us give
you a list and help you find one In the loca-
tion y ( ,u want. STERLING FURNITURE
(COMPANY. 1039 Markf t *t. ; services abso-
lutely free.
LARlilN. 1UK?— FINF. 5-ROOM FLAT: LARGE
YARD: DRY UASKMENT: FRENCH
RANGE: LAUNDRY: FINF.ST LOCALITY;
FURNISHED OR UN'Ft'RN.; A SNAP.
PRKTTILY famished flatus rooms., bath. 1000
Stclner: rent $40. Inquire 1S05 Steiner. .
TO let — f.r«2 Eddy st.; 0 roomn, bath; all mod-
ern Improvements.
____ — -
TO let— 3.17 Hickcry nve. ; f> rooms, bath.
$27. SO — NEW. modrrn fiat. « rooms, bath.
basement. 131 Eureka st.. near Etyht'cnth.
' FtlirXITI'n K FOR. SAI.R.
FURNITURE for 4 housekeeping room^, com-
plete, i'or .«a!e clicsp. 24U Harrison st.
KUHMTHRE WASTED.
A—HIshcst price paid for fur.. carpets, etc. Mrs.
T. P.. Selby. Eiiuitable Fur. Co.. 812 l_rk!n.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURD. auctlomer.lSlS Mkt. :tel. Howard 2756.
A. , WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, packs lurnlture. carpet*.
IIKLI* V* AXTKD-FKJ1ALE. /
WANTED — At San Francisco Empioyment Bu-
reau. 27 Vi Fourth «<t., V.ousekeeptr . for one
person, $f(> ana found;. light house wcrk. $16;
Swedish jrlrt fcr hoiiBework. $25; companion
for lady. $15; salesladies for dry goods store,
?i> a week. .
A — WANTKD — Girl* j to learn halrdressing.
manicuring, etc.: trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $."> to those entering now; ;: po-
sitions 10 fill immediately; petitions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading ' school in
West. 2-1". Geary st.. room 13.
A— Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son: both seasons taucht from start to finl.«n
, In 1 tnnnih for $10: positions as trimmer*.
5 ra'psladiec. etc.. gunranteed at $10 per wk.up:
day and evening cla.-s. 143 Stockton et.. r. \i.
A— LADIKS to learn all branches halrdres— rg
trad-»: men'.curlng, mas«aze, etc. 1230 Mar-
ket st.. cor. Jones, room 0J; position* secured
at highest uaftt; day ar..l eve. ciaas; call.
RnrCATlOXAl Cnntinnoil.
ENGINEERING— CMI. olec. min.. m-ch.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, *v. ; est. 18rt4. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Kulton, nr. City Hali.
kmi'lov jTicvi* o fv 1 cks.
UEORGK AOKI. 421 Post eL; t*4. Bush 133—
Jai'.inege-Chineise eniploym*nl office; fur-
nif-hes b»-«t help: contract* for firm help, etc
A — OHHHEUM Kmployment Office — J»pane*<*-
Crtir.cse help. 42« Powell. T»l Mil" 5752.
A— GRAND Japanese-C'.:lP»5e Emp. Offlce. 413
Stockton: tvl. Grant 1G8: expert. reli«We help.
RKLIaHLE Jep.-nese-Chlnes? Employment Ot-
f.ce; a'! kin-Is help. 31p.Stockton: Main M$»
CIIINESK Employment Offlc— He«t help at
Leon Seuns's. 41 I'i O'Farrell: tel. East 42«.
CHINESE snd .!»pn:ie-e hHr: ""tab. 20 ye;«'«.
T«l. Main 1!>P7. RRAPLKV Sr W.. Clay.
EMPLOyRIE.VT WAXTEI) — FEMALK.
WANTKD— A position by competent cook. 1204
Powell st.
WOMAN wishes Doxltion as cook: French.
Spanish or Italian cocking. Address 1747
Hyde st.
ELDERLT woiran wishis a position as a
houfiekeepcr. l.'Ifi Fifth St.. between lion-
Rrd and Mission. ; .
WANTED — Work of any kind during day by
Protestr.nt woman. Cail or address -Ti
Stevenjftn Kt. ¦ ,
ADVnnTIKBMKXTS. s-.ibsrrlpttons received nt
Cnll HrHnoh office, cor. Dunrnn * Church »t».
WANT art* nr.rt subscript ton* taken for The
• 'all at Raton'* Raj:a»r. (W.'l MrAillster *».
EMI'I,OVMKXT WANTKI) — MAI.K.
WANTED — Permanent position by two broth-
ers, college education, age 21 and '2-i; cannot
accept without sure chance of promotion and i
Kocd pay; have care of large family: have
worked in oil and lumber. In real estate of-
fice and hook *!ore; work Jointly or separnta-
ly; best references. Address A.. Call officJ.
San Jose. Cal. , .
Al ELECTRICIAN; !l> year3' practical experi-
ence in eitctric 1 1_ tit and power plant of high I
voltage; Installing. Betting up and all repairs;
wants position a* superintendent, of small
company or as electrician with construction
company; 2 years' technical training; best of
references. Box "CIS, Call.
POSITION wanted— A reliable movried man:
understands care of horse*, carriage* and
harnes3 and can milk; wife pood cook nnd
laundress; references. S. D.. 77 Ninth Bt.
A RESPONSIBLE marrlrd couple wish po^
Mllon* as former and housekeeper. Address
box 3641. Cull cfflce.
CHORKMAN or coachman, wlshen situation ,
?i.'O per month: city references. Address box
aciP. Cnll office.
MAN wants work an millwright or carpenter.
Addrers|box 3*B2. Call offlce.
WANTED— By a your.? attorney, a pcatttbn In
.1 lav/ or al-atract office. Box .".am. Cnll.
A SOBER Swiss commercial traveler, speaking
and writing English. German, French. Ital-
ian. Spanish, is looking for a situation; best
references given. Offers to box 4fi41. Call.
FIRST-CLASS cooks, mai and wife; country
hotel, mining camp or large hoarding
liousevv.lfe can do any kind of work. Box
•'£•>¦». la II office.
KY nliiiiL-dgsfl — ,a n nnrt wife (Knelishi. fliu-
ations with l^rlvafo f»ml!r or ranrh; lale
. st*n-nrii ajirt •(.-•.t ;mlf>K« on ship; references.
Address A. Tl'CKF.R. 210 East *t.. S. F
YOUNO man wishes position as doctor's driver
or coachman; first-class driver and A No 1
references; reasonable. Box 4544_.CaIl ofnee.
GERMAN. 35. etrnnger In city/ will grlvi fsTor
Infcrmation bj- whirh he may procure work of
some kind. MEYER. 32:5 Grant avp. .
FIRST-CLASS northern barber wants first-
cIrss Job; state wages. Address box SOU.
: , Call otfice. ¦ .. .
aC i?Ilnr?> Tb 7,,., *^ eka s ' ea<J y employment.
BARRf.R. UU-1. Paxe-st.. city.
GARDENER wants situation: flowers, vegeta-
bles; single; age 31. Box 4545. Call office.
JAPANESE high Kehool student wants position
as 8~liool boy; $2 |>er week. Call on or ad-
drtcs by letter II. MQTO. Polk st.
YO V, N '°. Chinaman wishes position as cook.
AH SING. 021 Dupont «t.
CIvASFIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
_J__:L^ e ._.__:_)L Branch ofCc *- -"-* 00 FlUmoPB.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subrrrlntlcns haa been enablished at 100*
Valencia it.
SPIRITUALISM. _^
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
•writlrg and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy St.. nr. Octavla; phona Scott SSi.
C V. MILLER'S materializing seance this
morning. 10:30; $1. 1064 Bush et.
GRAND materializing circle, 2 p. m.. Christ-
mas; RCc. 32S Ellis St.
MRS. CRINDLE. grand materializing seancs
Friday evg; COc. 328 Ellis Et.: S o'clock.
Seer Egyptian, Hindoo occult; reads dally; cir-
clcs Wed., Frl.. Stm.,8 p. m.; 10c. 54Q Ellis st.
EDWARD EARLK. 10.".2 Ellis, readings daily.
9:30 to 4; ><nnc»i Sunday and Thursday.
CIjAIUVOYAKTS.
A— PAffirDERTINE. -
The First B*plBt»r<vJ Tr»nr* Cialn'oyant ann
Palmist Ever In B«n Krahclscn.
Read Carefully. An Honest Proposition.
No Ch»r B - K» Char-
Unl»" yu «ht«ln «h» Information for whirh
you <-rin*MU me.
T an hereby «nl*irvnl.r »fr»» And c«aranl#* to
mak* no charg* I' 1 f»" lo ?»" > ollr ""»"•. **«•
c«P*tlon ¦«'' wn«.t you called for; I nromlMt »<?
tell yo'i If h'l'hund. w1f« or »w#»th»«rf Is tnj»
or false: t»H who ani when you will marry: In
'fact. T will tell every hnpe. l>*r or ambition
hett»r than you can tell ynr^eT: I r»unif.e tn«
reparated restore lout. nfTections. <•»>!«' «p<M»<iy
and happy marriage, glv- you rood luck, re-
store lest energy: 10 a. m. to » p w.i Sun. 2-6.
326 O'Furrsll »t.; low fee this week— $1, $1, $1.
MME. M. BERnXrS. TUB FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and b'lsln^s- meOium, r«~«-
" neptly located j»t 17 TMrrt St.. next Kx«mln«r
bldg.: she reads your life «v«rr«wtly. glv«« an
accurst* fle«rrip^|on of »he r«" f . reveal* the
I present happenings and portrays »v»nt« to
©ccur In the future; If you are In trouble, dis-
contented or not «atlsfi«'i win* 11 f*». or have
<lOir.»!PtlC. l0V» or hii«ine«i» Iroiiblen. cnn«"H
this ar-at nr.edi'im nnd yo'i will be tnM how
to overcome them; valnnhl* n'lvir» In nil af-
fairs of Hf»:' 2-">c »d: 5ati*fi'-'ion pnaranteed;
readings by mail. T»l. Black 4.".C9.
A LIVORNoi
The Wcrld-Reiiown«»d Valmi»t
And Costal Oaz^r.
8« K>*rnv t*.. over Hiliim»r«itilth * FlUfV";
? »» portrait' o* Min». Livorno «n<l crlp(n»l
. testimonial" fro»n 'Hs^'isrolshed reopf? at en-
trance: < lue^'ionii hy mail. SI. Send rnopth
and year of birth.
ISMAR. ih» Krrrtlsn gyp«y. clairvoyant and
palrnisL r? rn i s «n» r iHy lo^atoij of t ] 04 MarV«t
*_ cor. Turk; privat" rpadinsrs dally. 10 a.
m. to r> p. tn. : r'adin^s hy rna'i as s«tl«fac-
tcry bp In person: 3 . «in«*tf' i n» »nsw»red. $1;
full life. *5; s'n.l lo»-V of h^lr. (J"te and year
of birth: dont send '•urrency; »end postofflce.
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MRS. A. H. KRON'ENBERG, palmist, clair-
voyant, card reader; wh^n others fall try m»:
. pocd reading lOe. 721 Frankiin. nr. G. G. av».
MME. VE1KA, wcndertul trance medium and
card reader: Just retwrr.ed from long ah-
Aerce. 40t< Geary pt.. near Mason, room 1.
MISS ZEMDAF., young giftfd clair. and palm.;
names; L. f>Oc. G. $1. 71* Franklin. nr.G.G.av.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
naro»e given; 2fic up. 5 4th Ft..' near Market.
MRS. DROWN, rlalrvoynnt. <-nrd reader, re-
moved from 1-I2 t;th to 23'i 6th: la. 2oc, g. 50c.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader la city.
2CV£ Kearny. room 20; ladies.' 2oc; cents. 50c.
MISS WARD, removed to 017 Market, rs. 11-12.
gives names, dates, fncts. Hours 11 to 9 p.m.
MRS. SHAFER. rlnirvoyant. card reader; sit-
tings daily. 4*$V, .Te?«le st.. bet. 5th and f!th.
CARPET DI5ATIXG AMJ CLEAWIXG.
AIU now universally used In denning carpets
on floor, without removal: price moderate.
S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co.. Call
buildinj;. Phone Main .'.2.17.
WHEN yuu become dl&rostcd with your worV
?fnd for SPAULDING'S Ptor.eer Carpet-beat-
triR Works. 323-397 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
TRY Hopke Bros.; carpet beating: mattrceses
made over. 1432 Howard; tel. South 21C. ¦
WESTERN Carp»t Cleaning Works, 1809 Har-
rison St.: Al cleaning; 3c; tel. Mission 225.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Suttrr-yt.:
tel. Main .".:>4. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works ;prWs
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. : tel. Mission 2C3.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-hcatinj; Works.
::r: Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
COLLKCTIOX OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $1: collections trnde;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel. 0,">S6.
CB.EDIT CZ.OTKZEB3.
BUT your *ults ana overcoat* at LICHTEN-
STEIN BROS.. 25 Stockton ft., oa small
werkly payments: eood«> delivered on flr«t
payment. •
CUSEE ETJPTUjEE.
WHO DOES IT? mjNTJER, 120fi Market st.
Send for circular. Why will you suffer?
DE.VTISTS.
DR. GRUSS. C04-5-6 Callairhan bide. Market
and McAllister sts.; uses the y J?asford Obtun-
der tht- only device ever invented for grind-
ing" drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pc'n. For demonstration and proof
cal. a; office.
Dlt. U.'LLUM HILL. 14?". Market.nr.Eleventh
— No c»'argo for extracting when plates are
made: o:<i plates made over like new; teeth
from $c> jer set; extracting 5Oc; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
\.v:tanted 20 yrs.; crown. $.'5 50: filllnK3. JO--;
plates. $.">; full set; all work painless a«id war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth it.
A ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon dentist,
room 14. Pheian building. San Francisco.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teetli $1 £><• up; crowns $2 up:fllllngs 25c.
GOLD fillings .7fc; silver. .".">c: crowns. $2; no
rain: open Sunday Dr.O.B.Hewltt,20* Sutler.
l7tli:sS*5AKKRS AM) SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDION, sunburst & kniTe plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking ft Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve. cla6s. 1010 Mkt.
"EDUCATIONAL.
A^NOTpfiETf" iinlarcemer! i. — <;aH?orn7a"'BusTrieis
Oolk-Re movus the first of the year to lti
rew home. E0I-U23 i.Solden Gale avc., occu-
pylntT lS.OliO square feet, th" entire top fioor
of the new Pioneer Automobile bldg., oppo-
ple beautiful Jeff<rscn square; every modern
idea for health, comfort and progress of our
students; departments all reorganized and re-
furnished; iTcupiea larger Epace than any
other two business colleges on the coast:
write at oncp for our 75-page illustrated
catalogue, giving full information about our
25 per cent removal discount. Address 300
1-arkln St..
ALWAYS th? best— We are ejilarKlnc our
quarters 50 t>er cent: other schools are mov-
ing farther out to a;cure cheap rent: our lo-
cation ik central, among the business houses,
giving .t) Mintages In securing positions, also
convenient car service; experienced business
men as teachers: actual business bookkeep-
ing: Gregg shorthnnd (used In ha!t the
schools in America): typewriter at home
free. SAN .FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 123C Market st.
ATP.ES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
Icet st.: established IS years: life scholar-
ship, $50: bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typ-
, Ing. arithmetic, spelling, etc.; position: se-
curnd: th<? college refurnished with new
typewriters and furniture Jan. 1. Catalogue
' trt-e..
METROPOLITAN BUSINESS. COLLEGE. R.
H. Webster, es-supcrintendent. 40> Van Ness
— Expertness. ' modern shorthand; home use
typing machines trta: secures positions; high
school preparatory; circulars sent.
HKALD'S BUSINESS COLLKGE, 24 POST, S.
F. — Eookkeeplns:. shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. Ecglieii jranches; day
and night sessions: Illustrated catalogue free.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school i
for'tlie university, lay and rredical colleges;
ref., PreMder.t Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Pheian bids.
THK PAUL GERSON School of Actlnt, th» ]
foremost institution of the kind in the entire
West: 12 teachers: send fcr catalogue. Na-
tive Sons' bldg., 414 Mason st. -
CALIFORNIA Business College, "05 Larkln st.
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; Individual In- j
etructlon. Write for illustrated catalogue. j
ET. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY. Peralta Park, j
Berkeley, boarding school for boys under 15. ,
BRO. GENEBERN. Director. '
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrictty.Zl Post
»t.. S. F. ; a Dractlcal school of e-i(rlneerlng.
complete equipment. | Srvclal free.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-" 1
Any evfs.. Teutonla HalU Howard -nt.. nr. ,
Stth. Prof. Foster: society danclns taujht.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION... TTTTTDay and
PARTINOTON'P. 424 Pine st.... Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeplnir.jrramrr.ar. wrltinsr.
etc.; daj or eve. ; $r. n;o. 1C24 Mission, nr.t'th.
DUSIXESS CHANCES Continued.
R, G. WILKE. Keal Estate and Buslnesa
Agent (established 14 years). 2«4 Kearny
at., rocriis y aad 10.
A— $1000 COFFEE saloon and lestaurant on
the n-ater front, close to Market et.; daily
receipts about %CZ; business clfaring $300
per month: trial given; a splendid offer; In-
vestigate at once, gte K. O. WILKE. 2CH
Kearry et.
A— $3000: HOTEL and barroom with 30 rooms.
In Point Richmond; reat $100; rooms alway*
occupied by employes of railroad and Stand-
ard Oil Company; board bill Kuaranteed by
company; owner never clears less than $300
rer montn. Call R. O. WILKE. 20V4 Hear-
r.y et. x ¦
A— $1600; HALF Interest in one of the best
corner taloons on water front; lease; dis-
agreement of partners cause of sale; will
fell whole tor ?3400. Call R. G. WILKE.
2C\4 Kearny Et.
A— $J250; CORNER ealoon on Fourth St.. cloae
to S. P. freight shefls; S furnished rooms
and kitchen: a. good paying business.. S*e
R. O. V.'ILKE. 2G»^ Kearny at.
A— SfeOrj; UAIHY produce and dellcatei*en
rtore; rent $22; business clears above $100
per month: living rooms; value In sight.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2C1;. Kearny et.
A— $1200; COKi^EE saloon and.bakery; clo»e to
Pheian building: a gcod paying business.
L>u» must be sacrificed on account of, owner
btlr.s sick «n hospital. Particulars, H. O.
WILKE. 26^4 Kearny st. >
A WHOLESALE and retail butcher business
In Monterey County, with & acres of land,
dnellirg houee, slaughter bouse, chop fix-
tures, bciler. tank, etc.; 8 borees. wagons
ar.d a well estabiiched trade; this Is a rirst-
claf£ buffiners proposition. All particulars.
R. U. WILKE, 2CV4 Kearny st.
A— S35O0; CORNER faloon. about 1 block south
c( Chronicle bldg.; established years and a
flrst-claes paying pls.ee; fullest Investigation
solicited : this is a very rare chance. Cail
H. G. WIL_E. 2«i»4 Kearnv «t.
A — fZO**>; GENERAL merchandise store about
(Xi mile* from this city; a well-established
and firet-clBEs paying business; yearly taJes
about $13,000; ail cat=h trade; a very rare
chance. Particulars. R. G. WILKE. 2t>tt
Kearny Ft.
A— fl'.-.CO; DELHATESSEN store with lunch-
ro' tn: rent. $20; a good paying business;
laige stock; owner clears at I«:ast above ex-
penses 5125 per month; Flckness only cause c/f
*ale. R. G. WILKE. 2K',» Koarny st.
FOR pale — Ueautiful and Dtctur«»que health
and* Hummer r<-*urt. 2 hours' ride from ft.
K-. i-'O minutes", ride from depot; has 20
¦ acres la no. set with all klr.<Is fruits, flow-
ens: beautiful craves: 32-room hotel, with
cottage of 4 room*, all futnish?d; necessary
• titbuildlr.gs. dance pavilion. bar. b«th-
. houses, lake for ro^ir?; :ai.*es own veg-
etables, poultry and hay; 2 horses, buggies.
• bus. Jersey* £i jW an 'l calf, chickrny, bar. fix-
tures, billiard table, new upriKht niano: .'{
years' leas« at ?.V,<) per year, can get longer;
Jir.e mineral sprines: will cure many <5I»-
caoes: money in everything on place, round
trip Sunday? *! M from S. F. : death cause
of price $„."•<». CAMERON. " Eddy Ft.
WASTED — Partner. 5C'V>: established com-
|)>xion treatment, manicuring, hair dress-
ing oariors: swell location: everylhlntt first
c!a»: <l.~:nz hli business. CAMEUON <fc
CO.. -: Eddy «t.
FOi: fa>— Best Mfl: restaurant In rity; r»nt
M- r .: central: receipts %?.r, t.-> ?4<i day; most
|eav« town: price S1200. CAMERON. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale or trade— 'Jusrtr. mlne;flne prospect;
Ioraie<1 In Cat.: asayt; $40 to $7K ton; tra-l«
for r'm'g h«.'"is» or ti'islneRs. Cam?ron..H Eddy.
CALL and yee the list of loiJf-lr.g houses from
<; to 2CU rcotr.E; cheap rents; hotels, road-
bcutses. balcons. restaurants, groceries, livery
stables bought ani sold and exchanged;
Rraner leaned en ihattelp; millinery store to
exchange. EITiCL & CARROLL. 212 Kearry.
FOR >ale or '.caei — Th? Uay View Stables, San
Rafael. Marin <$o.. <"al. The obove property
for sale vith horsop and carriages cr would
f»I1 horves and oarriaee? and Jease property
for .-i term of years. For t^rms apply to
M. MlllRAV.
A— $15r,0 : CORNER grocery; 6 liAng rooms;
full value In stock; present owner there for
years; soiling on account of other business in
the country. Cental Business Agency. O9'{
Market et.
HAVK you any^iir.c to »e|l or money to invent?
Wrtto ¦!¦ f.»r particulars; agentM everj'^'here.
Altadena lnv»««tinertt Syndicate. 70S Market
t-t.. San Frar.rluro, Cal.
A— WORKWOMAN'S boardlr.g-houee; good lo-
caHon. low —nt; steady boarders; no agents.
Hox :wn. Call office.
tl'Ji'*): OiSSXTlSfS snap; half Interest in team-
ing buatoecs .loing *40 per day: owner leav-
i:i« city. AddieFS liox 4547. fall office.
FOB tale — Good saloon; cause, stcknefis: dolnK
goo-5 hrsiness; cheap rent. I. POKET, f-'a-
lirp.*. Cal.
I'OR sale — Dental practice, established tt years.
Instruments xnd furnished house of 7 rooms,
51<>00: or d»:.tal prsctii-e f 500. Uox48— . Call.
WANTED- Partner with $000 in advertising
lnjsi!i?!is: <l-ance to make money. Call S13
Van Ness ave., 5 U» 6.
ItESTAl'KANT and chop house; a bargain.
.:hf : Third st.
BHOK store, 12 years' rtandlnc for s.ale cheap;
t'Cji! r. % peirine trH(*e. Ll^x ."^27. Call office.
FIftST-CLASS rontaurant at a sacrifice; easy
terms. C*X) Post st.
BGSTACRAKT ami fixtures must be sold at
once. 134 Third st.
DELICACY *i Itqutir st<xe. living-rooms; slck-
n-is iau«p; at cost price. 15'Jl Pevlsadero.
¦ Si-'O — PARTNER; established buiriners. paving
u'.iout $2C00 snnuajly. Box 4887. Call. *
f.'/'.n WILL buy dyeins and cleaning works.
«^jO f-'acramfnto st.. near Kearny.
• LODCLSGfUOUSRS I'Olt SALE.
A. CAMKKOX .it CO.. PnoneToHo!
3 Kday t-t.. cor. Market and Puwell.
H*a<J<iuarins i«>r roorujns-i5ou«.ps. hotels and
*'•'• kinds of Lusluesa c&ances.
220 r. ; grand modern apartment hous«:
l>eai.il!iil ijiitidlng; elegantly rurnished:
twell people; ilearlng to $t;uO a
mor.tl:; see thie.
SC r. ; rent $225; oak lurn.; Brussels car-
pets; Juri). <> mo.; clears $200 mo. : Vi
cash: sickness $5000
7 r. : rent $50; oak futn; good carps.; snap 350
50 r. ; new modern building: elegantly
finn.; 'c-.iff lea-je; vheap lent; illness;
make offer.
14 r.: rent $75: cak furn.; clears S50 300
7 r. ; i!r>|<«>r flat: rent »50; •v»II furn 476
.».' r. : lir^t-dfiss cowntown l.ousie; »• years'
lease; f.iivate baths: well lum: bargain.
a r.: rent $<fl; beautifully furn.; tlat re-
duced »^7 450
22 r. : rent $S0: Nob Hill: well' furn ?200
fcS r. : fvi^n location; eieeant building; j
men luxuriously turn.; «?very modern 1
louvenirnce: elegant halis: everything
ii!> to Jate; r-ai;ed Earn by sickness;
a gtm.
15 r. : \'an Xm-.: oak. mahogany frfrn.;
bargain 1200
SO r. ; re.-it $r.5; lease; well furn; clears
$100 / 2000
CS r. : rhfap rent; dr.wntown; flectric ele-
vator: »lertric lights: all modern equip-
ments; up to date- clearirc $3l!D to $4C0;
Illness.
12 r. : rent $47: oak furn: ccod carpets:
clean 850
10 r.; rent $40: furn.. carpets good; good
buy 700
CO r. ; one of the most beautifully furn. of
the new modern lioimes; all fu!l;'clears
$4(0 to $S0O; ob'.lRfd to leavo city.
*'• r. : cak furn.: montiet carpets: 4 months. MO
SO 1.: cor.; oak furn : rod carpets: clears
S2O0 4200
72 r. : %"W and elegantly furn. family
hotel: swell loration; rent S3 W) per
room: Turn. IR monflis: clearing $000
pfr month; will sacrifice.
22 r. ; r*nt Sv."i; oak furn: clears $75 1S00
f'S r. : rent $2.">0; lease; well furn.: boarding 47S0
40 r. ; rent only $11T.; fine location; well
.'urn.; part apartments; this house Is al-
wav« full: clearlTig S2S0 to S.".Cf) a month.
S r. : ;ent $42: oak furn.; clears $25 mo... 450
14 r.t rent $<": first class: part cash...'. 1400
$« r. : rent 52»r.; new, 4 mo*.: oak'fura.:
• !"a.-s $250 to $.100 mo.; U cash, bal 1
per cent 6000
18 r. : rent £75: fin*, litlie apartment house;
new 1700
12 r. ; rent $4T.: well furn.; clears S.",0. . . . O.'ii'
«> r. ; upper '-or. fat; good 'fun., carpets.. 650
11 r.; rent SO; furn. icod: clears $."JS: re- •
duced . ." 75i>
.14 r. : ftr.e downtown house;* money-maker 32iX)
21 r.: rent *SC: well furn.: lease: clears
$100 no*
17 r.;-rent $70: Post: clears $71: p*art cash ,1100
44 r. : cor.: rent $1SO: first-class money-
maker 3000
FOR SALE— A BOARDINO-HOITSK: MEDIijM
fI7.R: ELEGANTLY FIJRNfBHED; I/>CA-
TION BEFT IN THK CITY: LEASE:
OWNER LEAVING TOWN, COX 2S33.
CALL OFFICE.
A— $3000: PRIVATE boardlng-houie. with 40
•lecantly furnished room*, on Van Kpm ar«. ;
rccrr.s alwsvs occupied and flrvt-rlas* patron-
ace. See R. O. W1I.KE. 2OV4 ¦ Kearny at.
A— $1K!O: 21 ROOMS: on Fourth near Market:
nicely furnlfhed: clears $90: leaee: cheap
rent. KITREKA T*F,ALTY CO.. 71ft Murket.
CORNER hous*?. T,i rooms; center of city; rent
$225: 0 years' lease; clears S2S0 month: must
sell before January 1. Box»3040. Call offlce.
i.udgi\(;-iioiisi:« WASTRn.
WANTED — A furnished lodging-house. .. about
4U roenss; not too far out; will pay cash;
state price and give location. Box 3K8, Call
THE^CALL
JOXT Z7 D. SFREC—EI.S. Proprietor.
Tares cc_nmlircas to JOHi KcKADGHT. Kacagsr
\V. J. MARTIN; Easiness Manager.
TELEPHONE.
Afk for THE CALL. The Crerator ~1U Ccn-
r.ect Tcu \VlUi the Department You Wish.
Putlicttscn Office Market and Third. S. F.
E<Jltcrial Rooms 217 to 121 Stevenscn at.
Delivered ty Carriers. 20 Cts. Fer 'Week. 75
Cts. Per Mcr.th. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terrr.s ty Mall. Including Tostase ttltn
Order): .. ..
DAILY CALL <includ. S_d=-V 1 y»« r --»JXA
DAILY CALL <lrtclad. Euniay). « mos.. 4^O3
DAILT CALL — By P!n«le lior.th «5<-
fl'NDAT CALL. I Tear -••»}
WEEKLT CALL. 1 Tear U_
£SS__ }SSvii"S ? Per T^r prl
PCS. AGE. | Week i } ... i .00 Per Year Extra
ALL POFTMASTERS ARE >lV«?^ HIZED
TO RECEIVE SUB3CBIPJIONS.
Batspla Copies w!il be lorwarded »nen re -
q-jerted.
i_!l reb»er1ber» In chaare of «d-
<re»» ahould b* part'^laf t0 * rtve 11 r<EW
AND OLD ADI/RE6S In orter to J_"*i_
proas* «a<l correct compliance with their re-
ci;eet.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
i:iS Broa-Jway Telephone Mala 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
t:*S Cer.ter Etreet Telephone North 77
W ASHINGTON CORP.ESPONPENT :
IJOHTON E. CRANE 140B G Street. N. W.
SEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
— a!5orf - Astcrta Hotel:. A. »"S!* n .°-,_
rr-'.o:: Square: Murray Hill Hotel: FIMb-ave-
rue Hctel and Hcrrman Ho^se.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
f^enr B r House: P. O. News Co.. Great
Ncrthem Hotel: Tr^mont House: Audltorura
Kct«l; Palmer Hcuce. !
CHICASO RrPRKSEXTATH-E: j
C. GEORGE KROC:NEP?...Mar<3Uette Bt:njg
<Lcr.fr D'.ftasce Telephrne. "Centra.1 -6U. )
VE— TOUK REPBESENTATTVE: a<
rrrPHEN H. SMITH 20 Tribune Bullilng
NTW TOHK COi: RESPONDENT :
C. C. CARLTON !*•«>« uare
nCFTNEES OFFICE cf tbe 5an Frane!s?o
Tall rcrr.er Market ar.5 Third streets; open
until :; c'c:nck every n'.sht in th* year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
C?T Mortrorr.fry etreet. ccracr Clay: open un-
til n:30 p. m.
SCO H«vfF ftjeet: <-j?eri tsr.til P p m.
«3» McAllictcr street: oper. until 3 -..so p. tn.
f::r Lsrl-ir. street: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
|J«1 y- - n «tre*t: cren until 10 «x. m.
Z?n V +'. etreet. corr.er Piiteer.th; open
ur:il '• p. ra.
jrr. Ctevcmli ftre»t: open until 9 p. m.
:rr.<. V3'enc:a street: or»n until 9 p. m.
•Cotfccsst corner Church and Duncan street*;
rpen until 9 n. rr.. .
Nrrrhwpst corr.er of Twerty - -econl aid
KertL-rky r:reet*: cpen urti! 0 p. m.
ri(Y> FiT.mcre ytr^et; own rr>t'.l f> V. m.
5I_ETI\G XOTICgS.
¦'¦VijfPANIES VOT #_ I GS. Fixtet Hat-
taMon. First R^imcrt. California
lir'.r&Ae. V. R. K. P.. will a>^mb> "Kfc^
nt Ferry foot of Market St.. at 11:45 /£>><.
a m . SUNDAY. December 27. 1903.
to tike r.oor boat fcr Oakland to atfnrl fun-
ersl of la'» «"o!r.nel JOHN P. A_BOTT. a«-
hlStsnt adjutant fTP-rTai. I"atlgu» uniform. ;
F-.f'.e arme. Attesdanoe is .compulsory. « T i
, -r>r of COLONEL WILLIAM .1. KIDD.
EMILE E. KAKN. Captain and A ljutsnt.
5 AN FRANC1PCO Tent No. j^^^^^K
. THIS*' tFKIDAT) EVEN- L$4lS «_
1XO. at H ocloclc Pioneer ff^.'I r? v M4j
'..¦ 1). B. RICHARDS.
;i!K f?jj;r! meeting of the stockholSers of
•the Nevada National I?ank cf San Fran-
risco. Cal.. «rtH te held at its banking
htuse. 301 Montgomery ¦ ftr^et. tan Fran-
<-.«co. Cal., en Tue*<iay, January 12. 1901.
a; 3:15 p. m.. for the election of directors
<o »*rve dtirisg the ensuing year, anj for
the transaction of such ether buiiceis as
csay ccrne bt'ere [be meeting.
GEORGE GRAI.'T. Sec.
Fan Frarc!?co. Dec. 12. IIS03.
ATTO _ X E VS-AT-LAW.
W. H. niTTNER.
ATTOR.NET AND COI'NSELOR AT LAW.
Adi-'i-f free. Phona South «4r>.
Bslte ?„ Err.ma Spreckels boild'tog.
D:\orcfs <juie:!y and loyally cb;a!::»-l for i
e.pht cau^f-s; d2rr.Bge!i n-curri for injuries to
person cr efta'e: rejilexirns for property un-
ttwfpSr dftainf-d; attachments and parnlsh-
rr.ents for debts=: bonds furnished; bankruptcy
yrrscvetlir.zs : . v.il\s rro!>alorJ: o*tate« Fettied;
collertions rmCf in ail parts cf the L\ S.
A PRIVATE, quirk divorce for a smell fee.
Ko» jr.* and fsv> money; no vay in nd%ence' 1
'i -\V HOWE ATTORNEY- AT LAW
F.stabliRhod '22 yir. : rms. 1. 2 3. 4 /i j. Is! 3.
lirt' S!r.rket «t.. between llasoa end Tar lor.
tr*r. all matters. Detectives i mp'.oyed
. B. w. KING. Attaraer-tt-La— Exam. bidg..
Tth fioor. entrance rootq <".1J ; ortablished 20
years: ail ccs.-s; p«-nr-ral court and office
jrar-tlce; r.n fee in advance or for consulta-
tion: eventrf;s by ar.r-iJr.tmer.i. Tel. R->d 3B01.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost In rr.eritcr!-
om* t-asos. divorces. rroba»«- and all other law
•-as-e?: r.o fee? In r.cvano?: open every even-
irj:. J. M. THi:USTON. «>:3 Marke: st.. r. «il.
ADVICE FREE.
Oilurrr-'.an Uw ar.d Collection AKenry
V.oom ST.. 910 Market Ft.: tel. John C2?C.
DIVORCE oo*ts W2: op<?n w^inp: tenants
-r.rjec_a. feJU Mcrket. r .<J2:p!ions H'.ack 1»1.
DTVOBC— — Co«=ts. $12; ouick. qu'.et- nd^lce
Irt*: cpen fver.in>s. S27 Market Ft . r. 30L
L. S CLARK. Emma ppr-ckels IjMr.. VJ7 tfar-
ket F.t : consultation frc*-; no fees in ndvjnce.
A9V1CB fre<«: nn charge un!r» sa«reslfur~a!l
law }r^r-n*r*. XV. W. HavMson. 027 Market.
I1IKDS. DOCS.*)CTa
VAI'RLING tanrl*>. talking rarrot»T~a"n
tr.'r.At cf son; an'1 fancy birds; gol.iflsh seej
««¦'. »!<:. Give us a. inai; »•« »-m nlaasa
;ru. 1^4G Market »r.
ppyianess cuaxcks.
A— ?:.«'.<»' CAI'ITAL-One . f . t he l.e«t Is now
ojx-n for an energetic. Kfc busin.ss man or
j.ierj. ramc to act a* treasurer and .vei-r»'tary
anrl vie- preFiii»nt lor the manufarturine of
a machine for ihc- St. 1,-ms L I'. Kxp.j?:tiot>
ISUt: product a I^Kt-erow ir& bunlnrai 10 to 1
as naf.c it the iiren.-nt tiui- and l'uw a» 41)
>tar« i*st— by th«? ion; the inv.mtor has Jud
SO vears' cxoerlence In il.e business us hu-
r«-r:nte!idt^t end five jfars at the trade-
iroruy to lj- : aid In <a?h $!(».0<»u. yjOOO ato<k
for Mile; $:{l.ttX» held by |>i -s!d«-nt and man-
ager arui Inventor. Tor »urih.-r infurmatiun
«ell at GKJIMANIA INVKSTMENT CXJ <.r.'7
Market tt.. euit Pi; a. m.. and Wl.' im
I'i: si St.. p. m.. oftt'-'e of con*truotlon; "A C
M. Co.." inventor.
fcTRANGKHS, ATTENTION! ~~
Are vou looking for n rafe an<J profl'abi* bu«-
lr«ff cjienlr.B in San Frerolsoo? If «o wr carl
iff»-r you ar.y nurtibr re<iu r.nr an lPT><tmrn(
tr.m Jloo to $W>.000: *-v-—y bu*lnes« oppf>i-
tun)»y that passes through our offloe must
ttan-J the clowt inv»Ft:gation. and we can
r.'at« >"U in a store, factorj'. I'-otel. mill, oj-
f.c*. or. In fact, any bu?!ne»s you may prefer-
klnrtlv r«Tl and lnve«tlratt.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CC
ijJiil^LEtr.ina Soieckels building.
A— 5 PER CENT MONTH LT
On investment* of $ICO and upward: r.o "get-
licb-qulck" swindle, turf <!r*culation <ir pam-
Ulir.g scheme, but a reputable establlnhfd
foulness enterprise In San Francisco- e'eatth
W7.CC0 la^t year on $KXKtno capital- • stock
incr*»^ed $*'n.<;<iO to th* plant- cail
cr tvrit* for partlrulars.
O7CRMAN1A 1NV2ST. CO . 027 Market at.
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION
DC >cu »i?h to ,-«ir tusine?. or do
jcu de*ire arlditional capital? If s^o we can
Iv.airh >Y4J with fin active cr eijent partner
«.-h« «'U Invent from $100 to ?.V»C00 w»
ta •• b lare- "urr.ber of desiiab! e epp'lranta
cd our book« ** ~V.\vx go'-.d bu«iresit ouenint*
GERMAMA rXVESTMENT CO..
Felt 821. Emma FpreckeU building.
I WILL b^y a re^taursnt in a goo<t buFlness
locarton: don't core what the trade in at
prreent long &f It Is in a location wh»re
hrrlrets can be worked up: state location
and lowert price It reri be bouKht for: no
other intfcm retired. Addrcfa ' ox 2823
Call cfllce.
INTEfT ir. Rayidir.c Gold and Coprr Mining
C"n»O»wy*«.«tartt; 2JW^ t^r rh«r«, fully pi^r-
ante*d. with a flrnt mnrtt»r». «? p« r -r»nt,
10-yeqr gold bond: mlilit rrnrj«»rt!e» arni
viter rlchtu in KhautJi Cotintr. *"•!. Writ*
cr. oslj K R f» rVpnvlt htiildinir. San Fran-
T*^**o.
tSO.COO RrormED to buy oat partner In an
o,<l-e5tab!lshed commission hovtu- of excel-
lent name, with connections and elements
that insure continued ruecess; principals
on:v. Address, with references, box 3Ct2.
Call.
[ HORSES ASP j/W ACO5S.
I FOR sa!» One r,f the largest, best loqatpfj
i trick livery s'.abies; Ions leare a: ir.cdera:s
rent: doing Inrge business paying nlco
monthly proSt: !s in pood stiap.^ ani attrac-
tive «>tab> proposttira: principals only. Ap-
plv SCOTT & MAGNKi*, Hay Mer;h*nt3.
B15 Si-xta a:.
' MILK men. $50: box wagon. $.25; tcp wa-
! gon. >i0; busgy. $10; cart. $15. 78 City Hall
| avc.
FINK rour.-J-rront eonpe. with fcarnsss; com-
F>:e orifr. 1011 Sutter ft.
FOR ja!^— Handsome trap, cheap. Andrew
box o73:». C«!| cfHce.
FOR tale — 3 >oubc horses; sins:* cr doubla.
Apply CC3 Tork »f. . :•¦
Al EXPF.F-^S wa^on. l! C ht carnpln* wa^c-a
acd to-*art for sale cheap. 533 ?tl«s1oa tt.
Xjirx'tt a««ortmt 2-har.<! vagona. buckb'd. sar~
rey. harness. work.dr!irlnc horses. 15th-V*lencl%
~~ I.O9T AXD FOISD.
LOST— T>o Rent!er.-.ens black s'A'x mufflers.
embrcMjerf>l, Initials 0. A. and C. V. K.
suitable reward if returned to STRAUSS &
FROHM AN. 1*17 Poat -it.
LOST — H^art-shaped locket set wtlh diamonds
ar.d nanphlres on nsrrow-traupe ferry from
Alameda. morning c( 23d; liberal reward (or
return r.CS rarrctt lildg.
LOST— Case conta:n!rs diamond rirjc ami tvit.
between K»yes ar.J Ueviaadero. Scott anj
Fulton. 12C0 Fulton et. j $20 reward.
LOST — In St. Boniface's Church. Thursday
eveninir purse containing $12. keys. sTr.V.l
trln5:et»'. Return 459 Bryant at.; re-nrar.l.
LOST — Tuesday afternocm. unfinished lac*
handkerchief. Oliver thimble, pair cf scissors
and bralu; reward. 4C0 Castro^t^
UJST — Fox terrier bitch: tag No. 1003. Re-
turn Sisnal Transfer Co.. 530 Jocen at.
FOUND — Gioves. coins an.l beads. Owaif a?-
p!r t" WILLIAM EDWARDS. 2_ Day at. or
111 Fremont »t.
LOST— Fema> cocker R)__I; collar wita li-
cense. 200O Tacific ave.; reward of »ao.
LOST Red Men's badse, Inscribed "Pohoca-he*
Tribe Ne. 10" ; return _13 Hyde. St.; reward.
FOUND — Black cocker spaniel. Monday nlsMt.
Inquire ct Zxn Geary ?t. p
IT will pay to '•Remember" that th» CallfornU
Watch Ca3« Co.. 220 Sutter'st.. needs old
irold and silver to m»*g new Tratch cas;s.
3UEPICA1..
MF.S. DR. WTETil. ¦pecialist for all femal«
complaints; iMtant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience: removed to S2C Post »t.
MRS. DR KOHL, reliable specialist for ail fe-
rr.ale troubles and irreEiHaritles: Instant n-
V.tt guaranteed. lOCS'A Market St.. QPP- at a.
DR G W ODONNELL— All who ar» »lclc or
In trouble consult tlila »peclaliet en femal»
complaints; positively corr^ctpd; the unfortu-
nate helped: the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Offce. 101S Market st.
Ers Goodwin. 733 Turk. rr. Van Ness— Expert
tn cbstetrlcs. femalo complaints; lnst. r*h*r;
treatment $K; hours. 10 to 5;_23 years exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. U18 Market— Reliable ladles"
tpeclallst; a private hema before and duria.
con^neir.er.t : be«t medical care,; low faes.
DR ROSEN resides 2!>05 Fctsom St.. corner i
2Pth: ladles, relle: or no f»e; <!(>¦ •
DR and MRS. DAVIKS and HINDOO HERE3;
original method of tr?a'.ment. 1120 Market st.
DR ?Tg TOY KKE. 319 Powell «t.. oppnslt*
Unto^ snuare: all d'.*ga*e» <rur«d tev her^s.
MISCELLANKOCS — FOU _^ A^ E 1_
BOlLEns7ev.irlr.rs. Cd-hand machlnerr. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 19S-13T Fremont >t.
DOE.-« YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with eUferlte: in rolls ea^y to U?;
r.eeds no palr.ting r,r ccating: pood over c. i
lr-n t'n or shingles: best for new rcofs.
ELATEF.ITE ROOFING CO.. 71" Market 5t.
'D-HAXK machinery, boilers, engines, p-jmps.
pulleys shaftinsr. etc.. etc.. bought. »o:J.
rented «n<l exchnnged; see Sunday paper*.
H. S. WHITE MCH'T CO.. 1"1>-1SJ Beain »'- :
A— Fine suits, 3" 50; dress pants. $2 50. prsl-
nal Mlsrlt Clothing Parlors. Itf"? Kearr.y »t .
near Eush; cpen to 3 p. m.. Sunday to noor>.
A— Buys. i»IIs cr rent» g^ar machinery, en-
rlres boilers, water pip>?. sha.'tlns. pul.sys.
etc. W.'llTFLAW. 253-'-'53 £pear sr.
XT "EW KITEIiS. ilightly used, sold at co*:;
rew Underwood virible typewriter catalog
*ent free. R. E. P.evalic ft Co.. San Francis-..
TRY our men's shors at $1 ani $1 50 pair;
fo«t-form shoes at ?2 5C: w? pay expres*
charges. 11 3d sj.. Exam, bid: catalog (re^
ALTERATION «¦!•— Beat 12 5t) hats. $1 M.
"popular P-1-? Hatter. ;io> Kearr.y St.. neif
Pine; cpen to 8p. m. : Sur.daya to noon.
VIOLIN— old: fine tore; cheap. Box 4346. Call
office.
FOR «ale — A fine young great Dan» doz- 1X1
Mission *T.
LAUNDRT machinery, washers. exUactor^.
mangles, ironers. e:c. fiC8 Bryant »t-
¦OMK gcod second-hand ensine*. I to
12 H. P.. cheap F. B. t-ck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
FINE steam* a"tnm?.blle; first-class runr.ins or-
der. W, V.. ICO Lyon st.. San Francisco.
SLOT *nachint?s cheap; Ohicafoes. TwentletJi
Centur!es. l'ucks. BaCIGALUFI. 03:; Market.
DESKS and safes; seo tha complete line at 1M9
Market, ab. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
I>TfES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN' SAFE CO.. S07 Battery St.
NEV.' and «ecoid-hind machinery of a'.J kiailx
KROCH MNFO. CO.. 51& Market st.
MOVING pictures, macic lanterns, sale, rental:
bargains. Bullard & Ereck. 131 Post at.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sius. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo at.
SAFES— N«w and second-hand. E. B. BECtC
& CO.. 122 Market st.
AH bar*ains;earap stools and chairs; hammocks,
metal beds.mattresaes. J.F.Hotter.712 Mlss.oa.
Edison phonc^raphs, records, supplies, movinj
picture machines, films. Bacisaiupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE ecgflnes. automobiles ar.d launches:
all sixes. J. B. DOAK. 46 Premon: st.
ASK fer prices oa seoond-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. llt> Mont*'y.
A BRANCH office of The Call for tne recep-
tlcn cf advertisements nnd scbjcrlptlona has
fcten orened at 100* Market »t.. cjposi:*
Fifth On*rt until 11 p m.
MiscELLAx no V^X2."
BOOKS^Bd libraries bought. H. C.'HOLMEj.
1143 Market St.; phene Jeasle 3741. or postal.
I PAY h'ghest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clothing; send postal. JIORRI3. 870 Folsom.
TILTON wants good secend-haed clothing ar.d
theatrical gcois. 154 !>th St.: t-1 Jessie 2351.
~^ MOXEV TO LOAN. (L
AA A =-_EKH&2« MURPHY^
et'l-60a-crs! Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses hy dealing directly.
Estates, second mcrtjraKOS, undivided inter-
ests, asstgnments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal: to permanent salaried veopla on
their note without security or knowledge of
employer; lowest rates; no commlJJ"icn. NA-
TIONAL CREDIT CO.. CS and Vi Donohoe
building. 117i> Market St. .'
MONEY Ican^ij to salaried pecple. retail mer-
ch8nt.«. teamsters, boarding-house?, without
security: easy payments: largest bus:ne;»» tn
46 principal cittm. Tolman. 5C^ Parrott blda.
HIGHLY rt-sprctntie private place to obtain
liberal aav:;m-f!« en diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per rent Inti-rert. I'4ildwln Jewelry Store.
S40 ISurket: Ul. Main lfH. Brar.tii. 1!) TlTird.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
niture, plan--?, cr lo salaried people on their
note: Fro;ier tr^»tm*-nt guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO.. r. 1«. Phcliin 11.1 . tel. Main 7C4.
A — I p*r cent en furniture or pian-->: r.o remov.
al. r.o commbslon. no pubilfity; HT» up; quick,
private, confidential. 20 Montgomery, rm. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. l«r. Grant avs.,
ijOass from $i to $io.cno.
MONET to lean on low inrerest; gold, stiver,
dlumund*. pearl-! and precious stones bought
at W. J. HE8THA1/S, 10 Sixth st.
NEW »"asy methsd— To waRe-earners on unln-
dor*ed not**: absolute privacy. Fidelity Loaa/
Company, rooms 4S-40. Chronicle bide. t4
TO »alar>) p-x'plw without security; on furni-
ture; Indorsed rotes unrl other security. 8. W.
Discount Agency. 14o Phelaa building.
OPKN Creillt AM'n. loans nn salaries conad^aT
tially; n«w,»iniple plan. Hnom 30. 319 Market.
ALL !o.->n« nn diamond.* end Jewelry 2 per cent
> mo. a. F. Collateral Loan Han*. US Kearny.
To 'Ws&i-t Advertisers
In the New Year's
Edition of The Call
OUT NEXT SUNDAY =
A NEAT LITTLE— i
CELLULOID TAPE MEASURE
'.-.'¦¦ . • ."¦;'¦' v^-^. ,..':y v?^ vvK^r l JJ^^...'' ¦¦¦'•;' . -"'.¦' :' ¦" ' ; •'¦:. . : . '•':' . -- ' " ' '...'.. '.'.¦•.'•"¦": ;: .';
For a thoroughly practical, asiful article which will be taken
right into the home and will bs absolutely sure to be appreciated
and frequently used, we highly recommend this tape measure.
Small ar.d compact, light and strong, containing a five-foot taps
which is controlled by a spring, it will certainly make a very use-
ful article for general u_.
Offered Free as a Presmi_inra to Smimday
Call Want Advertisers only, and ' can
.be obtained. In no other way : : : : :
"1 ( " ~^ f"
Bring your little Want Ad. to THE CALL BUSINESS OF-
FICE, Third and Market Streets; 1008 Market Street, city, or to
THE CALL BRANCH at HJ8 Broadway, Oakland, and get cms
of these useful premiums absolutely free.
J
TIfoss Offer opens Friday 'morning and
closes Saturday night at 11 0 o'clock sharp '.
i '
In These Co!arans You Can Sell Yoar Wares and -Gain Year Wants.The consumption of pig Iron in the
United States for the year Is estimated
at 20.000.000 tons and the furnaces have
been producing on that basis, but 1.000.
tors of pig Iron has been bought abroad.
This has depressed the market, so' that a
number of .furnaces liave. blown out—.
¦ O D. Baldwin to John Flster. lot on S line
of Prince street, 45:09 E of Deakln. E 44 by
S 135, lot 2 block I; map O. D. Baldwin's
subdivision of- Woolsey Tract. Berkeley; #10.
Emlle A. Pierre to same, lot on SE corner
of Prince and Deakln streets. E 45:00 by 8*
135 lot 1. block 1. map O. D. Baldwin's sub
division of portion Woolsey Tract, Berkeley;
also lot on S line of Prince street; 69:09 E (<
Deakln. B 44 by S 135. lot 3. block 1/ same,
Berkeley; $10.
Annie and Charles Wallburg to Earl A.
Sargent, lot beginning, at E line of Le -Roy
avenue 50 S of Hllgard avenue. E 125 by S
50 lot 4. block 17. Daley's Scenic Park, Berke
ley; $10. S ' . ¦ .
George P. W. and Hattle L. Jensen to Flor
111a M. Brown (widow), lot on N line of Cedar
street. -55- E of -Lookout plaee.- E 50 by N
120 portion lot 13, map La Loma Park, Berke
ley- $10. ... -
Sarah E. MacRae to Mattie MacRae. lot on
N line of Railroad "avenue. 100 E of Walnut
street, E 50 by N 150. lot 3. block 33. lands
adjacent to Enclnal. Alameda; gift. " ¦
— — — r7^» ¦ — ! ¦ '
Rosalie Kaufman (widow) to Jandes E.
Booth (wife).' lot on N line of Athol avenue.
164:6 W of Newton avenue, E 3ft by N 125.
portion lot 10. block D» Peralta Heights, East
Oakland: $1000. ',''''< '
¦ James E. Booth to Frances Booth same.
East' Oakland: .$10. .
R. "A. v and Florence E. Berry to El' Dorado
Linseed Oil Works Company} lot on S line of
University .avenue. ICO W of Second street. S
100 W parallel with said ¦ avenue to shore
line of San Francisco- hay N to S Una of
University avenue. E 69:10 to beginning lot
3 and fractional lot 2. block 81, Tract B,
Berkeley Land and Town Improvement Asso
ciation. Berkeley; $10. ¦ .
Some to F. W. Searby. .lot oh W line of
Third street. 100 S of Bristol. S 170 by XV 13-'l,
being all lots 6 to 8 and portion lots 3 to 0.
block 89. same map. Berkeley; $10.
Arthur til. Lucas- to Town of Berkeley (a
corporation) lot on N line of Dura nt avenue,
275 W of Fulton street. W 50 by N 130. block
14, map block 14. College" Homestead Tract,
Berkeley: $10.
May 1 I.' Wyman to Frank J. Medo'. lot on
W line of West Fifteenth street. 170 W of
Peralta W 25 by N 112:3. portion lots 5 and
6, block '727A. map Tract No. 3S2 of Whltch
er's official map. etc.. Oakland; $10.
Edward P Flint to Maria L. ChesrbArough,
lot on NW line of Orange street. 210 SW of
Perry. SW 22.5R. NW 130.- NE -21,28. SE 130.
portion lot 12. block K, map Flint Tract No.
4 Oakland: $10.
Same to Mattie Klrby Hughes' (wife of E.
F.) lot on NW line of Orange street. 232.55
SW of P^rry. SW 50 by NW 1.10. portion let
12. block K. same. Oakland; $10.
John J. Daniels to Fannie I. Daniels (wife),
r«-record 730 D. 240. lot on EMtne of Pease
street^ 103:3 S from center line of right of way
of Bay and Coast Railway (so called), thence'
E 40. N 87. W 40. S S8:3. to beginning. Ala
meda; $100.
George W. Austin (single) to Frank H.
Graham lot on S line of Ninth street. 95 W of
Grove. W 55 by S 100. Oakland: $10.
H. P. Bancroft to Harry F. Morehead. lot
23. block G. map Santa Fe Tract No. 2. Oak
land; $10.
Arthur J. and Emma Sanderson to W. H.
Maxson. lot on NW. corner of Knox avenue
or Twenty-seventh street' and Telegraph* aVe-*
nue, SW 94 NE S3, >.*W 13:0.4.'. NE SOi.'efc...
E .104:02. S lOti. the oorth portion above de
scribed land being portion lot 45, map Austin
Park, and th« south portion being portion plat
'£:- Kellereberger's map, Ranchos V. and D.
Peralta Oakland; $10. • ¦ ¦ . ¦ .
. "W. H. arid Harriet S. ;Maxson to Frank II.
Graham (single); lot on NW- corner of Knox
avenue or Twenty-seventh street and Telegraph
avenue ¦ thence W along said line Knox ave
nue. NW 94 by» NE 60. portion plat 2, Kel
leraberger's map Ranchos V. and D. Peralta,
Oakland; $10. • a- •-¦-.¦¦
Frank H. Graham Single) to Emil Lehn
hardt came, Oakland; $10.
Union Savings Bank to Christen S. and
Petra J. Christensen (wife), lot on W line of
Market street 76 S of Twenty-fourth. S 25 by
W 125. lot 19 and portion lot 23. block L.
map Market-street lots. Oakland; $10...
Hirry H. and Mary A. Baker to L. and An-'
nle Lelthoft. lot on SW corner of Lily and
Canning streets. S 50 by W 100. lots 13 and
14 block L map resubdlvislon of portion Rob-,
erts and Wolfsklll Tract. Oakland; $10.
Thomas N. and Emily Badger to Frederick
H. Haack, all interest in lot on W line of
Watts etreet 125 S of Fqrty-Hfth. W 125. S
62 E 130 N Cl:3. block 4, portion Coggeahall
Tract lying between lot 3 of block 4. and N
line of plat tJ, Emeryville, Oakland Town
ship; $10.
Carrie Lutgens (formerly wife of Ernest) to
James F. Cavallo (tingle), lot on N line of
Auburn avenue 501:0 E of San Pablo avenue,
E 50 by N 100. lots 13 and 14, map subdivision
of lot 4. Coggeshall Tract, etc.. Emeryville,
Oakland Township; $10.
Joseph J. Rivers to Samuel H. Llngard. lot
on NE corner of Rose and Josephine streets,
N 40 by E 135. lot 15. block A, Levlston
Tract, etc.. Berkeley; $10.
Simon and Jennette Levy to Argonaut Mu
tual Building and Loan Association, lot on
Hopkins street 100 by 180. being lot 11. map
Peralta Park. Berkeley; $10.
Thomas Walker Jr. to Robert J. Walker
(single), all interest in estate of Thomas Wat
ker. real, personal and mixed property, etc.,
case 8584, Alameda County; $100.
Alameda , County.
REAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Thirty-three 6 75 .50
Toltec 20
Twenty-eight 4 20 4 40
Wes: Shore '. 3 05
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Imp .... 150 150
Alameda Sugar 28 CO-
American Biscuit ••••
American District Tel
Cal Gas & Electric Corp-, ••••
California Cotton Mills... J. 80 00 0o <*>
California Jockey Club 105 00
California Shipping Co 2« <*>
Cal Title Ins & Trust ISO 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland ..60 00 i.v.
Chutes Company « '•>
Cypresa Lawn Imp Co « 50 ....
Fischer's Theater 105 2 25
Gas Consumers* Assn 22 50
Honolulu Sugar : ... 1» <*>¦
Northern California Power. 8 25 » 00
.North Shore 'Railroad
Orpheum Company 13 50
Pacific States Tel & Tel T. 115 00
Paraf fine Paint 35 00
San Francisco Dry Dock 47 OO
Sanitary Reduction Works... 1 55 1 63
Sausalito Land & Ferry.... It? no
Sperry Flour Company 27 50 3t> 00
Standard Electric IS 0O
Tesla Coal Company ....... 25 i>O 30 00
Trucked Electric ; 1-1 25
Union SUgar V? ..22 50 ....
United Gas & Electric 34 50 ....
SALES.
. • Morning Session.
Board-:- t : '
100- Home Oil 1 02'i
700 Home Oil (cash) 1 02Vi
-¦ Afternoon Session. •
Board —
240 Assoe'td Oil Co Stock. Trust Cert. 17
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE. ;
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board ¦ yesterday :
Morning Session.
200 Andes 20 200 Mexican .....1 10
500 Andes 21 600 Ophln». 2 15
300 Belcher 21 1 600 Savage 43
200 Caledonia ... «S; 200 Seg BeTcher. . 07
100 Caledonia ... «7 300 Sierra Nev . . 4S
2C0 Challenge Con 20 100 Union Con . . 4S
100 Con C & VaJ 10 500 Utah 10
500 Gould &. Cur. 32
Afternoon Session.
100 Gould & Cur. 321 200 Silver Hill .. 65
100 Ophir 2 15] ,
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were - the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Andes ... 20i 400 Mexican 1 10
200 Belcher 21 1 100 Mexican ...1 12^4
300 Chollar 21 300 Mexican . 1 15
300 Chollar 20. 200 Ophlr 2 15
100 Con O & V.I 07^1 500 Sierra Nev .. 60
200 Gould & Cur. 321 200 Sierra Nev .. 48
Afternoon Session
6C0 Andes 21r 100 Mexican 1 10
200 Belcher ..... 21 100 Ophir 2 12'i
100 Caledonia «7 200 Potosl 19
200 Challenge Con 21 1 200 Sierra Nev .. 4S
300 Chollar 20 300 Utah CO
500 Gould & Cur. 321
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.'^
5000 Esperanza ... 01 2000 Rescue 08
1000 Mont Ton ...1 25 SCO South Eureka. 09
M>0 Mont Ton ...1 20 100 Ton Midway.. 50
lf>0 Mont Ton .1 17>,til00O Ton Midway.. 48
100 Mont Ton ...1 15] BOo Ton N Star.. :*.7
100 Rescue C7 1200 Ton N Star. . OS
Afternoon Session. »
.".00 Cent Eureka. . 84: 200 Ton Belmont. 77
50O Cent Eureka. *3i eOi) Ton Belmont. 75
20O Hannapah ... 10' 1200 Ton Midway.. 50
50O MacNamara . 12t 40O Ton N Star.; 37
SCO Mont Ton ...1 20 500 United Ton... 12
1000 Rescue OSi
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, Dec. 24 — I p. m.
Bid. Ask., Bid. Ask.
Alpha a{ 05 Justice 07 08
Alta 01 01 Kentuck 03 M
Amies- ....:.. 19 20 Keyes-^Graes. — 1 ".".
Belcher .:... 21 22 Lady Wash.. — C2
TJest <& ' Belch. 1 «."» 2 Mexican 1 05 1 lo
Bullion ..... 05 00 Occidental ... 38 40
Caledonia ... ttf K7 Ophjr . ...2 10 2 13
Challenge. Con' 21 22!Ov#rman .... 21 22
Chollar 20 21 1 Potosl 17 20
Confidence ... 71 7"v Savage ...... 41 4.1
Cott C & Va.'l 05 1 lOJScorplon 01 f3
Con Imperial. 02 fa'Seg Belcher. . 05 07
Con NY lo 11 1 Sierra Nev . . 43 50
Crown Point.. 15 17 Silver Hill .. «* H«
Eureka Con.. — 50 St Louis .... 10 12
Exchequer ... 17 ISi Syndicate ... 04 .00
.GouM & Cur. 31 :«i Union Con .. 4S 50
Hale & Norc. 47 50: Utah OS 00
Julia at 051 Yellow Jacket 20 22
TONOPAH MINES.
_ ; BU.Ask.l Bid. Ask.
Esperanza ... — 01 Ton A Cal... — 21
Gipsy Queen.. — .",0 Ton Fraction. 10 20
MacNamara . 10 llifbn of Nev.. 6 25 7 00
Mont Ton ..1 15 1 20|Ton N Star.. 30 37
Rescue — 08! Ton Midway.. 50 51
Ton Belmont. 74 77lUnlted Ton... — 12
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25. 1903.
Continued From Pace Thirteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
15
Blanche Rollins, a native of Grand Rapid?,
Mich., aged 24 years 6 months and 26 days.
' ICFnends and acquaintances are rispect-
tully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
at. 10 o'clock, .from the funeral parlor* of
Porter. & White, 423 Golden Gate avenue.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery. . .
MURPHY— December 24, 1903. Catherine Mur-
phy, widow of the late John Murphy, a na-
ttve "of Ireland, aced ei yeara.
{CTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of James McMenomey &. Son,
1C57 MIsEion street, near Seventh.
PITTO— In this city. December 22, 1903, Pa'ul,
dearly beloved husband of Katie Pltto, be-
loved son of the late Luigl and Ann Pitto.
and brother of Joseph. Luke, Theresa and
James Pitto and Mrs. Katie Bardelllnl, a
native of San Francisco,- aced 39 years.
ETTriends and acquaintances are notified
that funeral takes plaee Saturday, December
20. at 8:30 o'clock, from his late residence,
125 Ninth street, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, Tenth and Howard streets, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the', re-
I pose of his soul, commencing at 9 a. m. In-
terment Holy ; Cross Cemetery. " :
RODECKER— In this city, December 24, 1903,
Jane Rrdecker, wife of Ellas Rodecker. aged
70 years. • . ,
SHEERIN— In this city, December 24, 1903.
Daniel Sheerln. dearly beloved father of
Thomas J.,- James P., Frank L..> Denis C
Daniel I., Joseph A. and Leo J. Sheerin, a
native of Newtownstewart, County Tyrone,.
Ireland, aged 6H years.- -. . •.•
EKKrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 a. to., from his late resi-
dence, 2216 Geary, street, thence to St. Dom-
inic's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
: commencing at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.-
THE KnightB of St. Patrick will assemble at
221 R Geary street, on Saturday morning, De-
cember £6, at 9 o'clock, to attend the funeral
/ of our late brother, Daniel Sheerln.
JOHN MULHERN. President.
JAS. F. O'BRIEN, Sec.
SMITH— In thin city. December 24, 1903..
Thomaa R.. beloved husband of the late Mary
E. Smith, father <*f Mrs. Estella Conway,
Mrs. Nellie T. Weaver, Thomas R. Jr.. Al-
bert and Eugene Smith, and grandfather of
Frank an* Ella Smith, Leroy Weaver and
Albert and Leland Smith, a native of Ver-
mont, aged 81 years 1 month and 22 days.
STARKS— In this city, " December 24, 1903.*
Llewolynn Frank, beloved husbind of Wini-
fred E. Starks. father of Harold Z. Starkst,
and son of Henry and Sarah Starks, a native
of Missouri Flat, EI Dorado County, aged 28
years 2 months and 1 day.
/ETFriend3 and acquaintances are rtspect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 3 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 12S Seventh avenue, between Cali-
fornia »nd Lake streets. - Richmond district.
Interment private. . ' .
VAN PRAAG— In this city. December 24, 1903,
Joseph L. Van Praag, In the 00th year of his
age. a native ttt Amsterdam. Holland.
VORWERK— In this city. December 24, 1903,
Frank Helnrlch, beloved husband of Eliza-
beth Vorwerk, and father of William and
. Leo Vorwerk. a nattve of Germany, aged,
40 years 6 months and 14 days.
WHITING— In this city. December 24. 1003.
James W. Whiting, husband of the late Anna
C. Whiting, and father of Carrie 'M. 'Whiting
and Mrs. J. K. Firth of this city and Mrs.
E. J. Doerlng of Chicago.
(C^NoUce of funeral hereafter.
WINANT— In this city. December 24. 1903.
Charles Partlc beloved. husband of. Josephine
Winant. father of Mrs. Florence Clark and
George W. and Fred Winant, and «on of Wil-
liam and Connell Winant, a native of Statcn
Island. N. Y., aged 43 years 7 months and
30 days.
(ETFr'ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Saturday), at 11 o'clock, at the
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SEE THE- PICTURES
"QUEER NEW YEAR OF
GLOBE TROTTERS"
NEW YEAR EDITION
NEXT SUNDAY GALL \
__WOjVE¥_JTO I>OAW Continued.
AT lowest rates on furnitun* and pianos; Ftrict
privacy; no commission :inFlallments aceppted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy, Conservatory building.
S*lr ON furniture A- pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room SI, 6 Eddy st.
I rnn cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mu-
. tnal 6avto«i Bank bldg.. 70S Market et.
i-'TAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried rmpl< yes=. R. 311. Mutual Saw Bk. bid.
CASH loanci salaried r"*opl* on notes without ,
ip»1or.--r. MoRKLL. 00 1 Examiner building.
MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
A TEW fcl'KCIAL UPRIGHT PIANO BAR-
GAINS:
Coward. $"3; Emerson. 563; Fllsher $70;
Miilcr. $175; Chickering. $1C7: American.
?165; Hfine. $235; Haynrs $150- Stelnway.
$185; Stftewajr. large ttyie, $y25. and fifty
ether*. R<-m*. $2 up; installments. $4 up.
IIiriNE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary street;
Oakland branch. Fifteenth and Broadway, old
F. O. bld«.
THE holidays are clo*£ at hand and all who
ocr.template Fflectlng a piano are advised to
*clcct this week so as to avoid the delay ot
rush week. A email payment down will se-
cure the Instrument and delivery can be
trade when you wish: $150 upward -is all you
need nay. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
COMPANY. 7O Market st.
VS rent the best piano in the city fcr $3 per
¦month; we allow fIk months* rental and
cartage ($20) off purchase frice. thus glxlng
you a tlx months" trial of the instrument for
nothinr; our terms and prices cannot be
?Hjualed in San Francisco.
PCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 5C0-G4 Hayes et.
A FINE lot of second-hand uprights from $50
t:p. including Fuch tyakes as Checkering. Vose.
Kroeger. cmnaz. K;rkham, Pesse. IUrdman,
Marshall & Wendell, Baus and others BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON. 10 OFarrell St. No
branches In San Francisco.
$350— ELEGANT upright j'lano; wni trade for
diamonds. Box *SS3. Call.
<<>5 — UPRIGHT piano; Steck mahogany; nearly
new. HORNUNO BROS.. 21« McAllister st.
.ALMOST r«»w upright; cheap; cash or instail-
ment. FCHMIT?. & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pefial £teinway upright piano;
IttrTect order; sacrifice. Keeffe'E.2S5 O'Farrell,
KOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecilian pi&no
player. EYRON MAUZT. 30S-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR vlolir.r. zithers, old and new. IL
MULLER. meker. rcyalrcr. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 c^ats— The Weekly Call.
1C pae«H-, in wrapper, for mailing.?! per year.
OFFICES AXP S TOnCS TO LET.
TWO large ttores and finished basements: side-
walk elevators; Valencia st.. near Seven-
teenth. For further partieuars a^.py to G.
H. I'MESEX fe CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
A — S2i:~ POLK st.. near O'Faxrcll; splendid
store, with 3 nice livir.g rooms; rent $25.
SPECK &- CO.. 667 Market st.
PERSONALS.
BARON'S CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE.
Young 1 ladies steadily employed can have
Baron's clo&ks, suits, furs and tailor-made
suits to order; en weekly or monthly pay-
ments plan, at regular marked prices. Con-
vince yourself by calling on BARON. 762
Market st.
GRADUATES of New York Fchool of Massage.
Osteopathy, vapor and <-leotric baths; face
vibrating machine for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and cold water; Trained nurses as
attendants. Prcf. and Mrs. Morris. 4(50 Geary.
THE Star Hair P.esiedy restores gray hair, im-
prove* Its prowth, stops falling, etires dandruff
trd itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses pcalp; at druggists', hairdressers: ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co. .1338 Polk.
LADIES' perfection seamless rubber gloves
keep the har.d(= smooth. »jft and white while
doing houFcwork; postpaid $1 25; send size of
kid worn. Perfection Rubber Co., box 57.
Lima, Ohio.
A — COME and let our doctors give you free
exair.ir.ation and advice; you pay for the
medicine only and at the low.ert prices. LION
PHARMACY. l.W> Mission rt.. cor. Ilth.
JCOT how cfcetp but how good is the motto of \
the manufacturers cf the Rapid RctAry i
Standard, the sewin^-tr.arhine of u>-day. J.
' W " EVAXS - *«*«. 1<J21 Market et.
A NEW idea in Jewelry and Central American
«-urtcrs. Indian curtains, draperies, shawls,
*tr.; the only stor* in the city that carries
t»!y. FROWlgS & EON. 1233 Polk. ns. Eutter
MBS. KATE LADDY. from Houston. Texas,
would like ta *ee her friends at 43 Sixth .*t.;
also would like to see her New York friends.
DHUNKENNESS. morrhine and all drugs dis-
eases positively cured by WUlow Bark Co..
Is39 Polk ft.; consultation, free; call cr write.
LIQUOR habit cured in 2 <5sys or no charges;
«rusr*.nteed. Acrr.e Liquor Cure C*.. 037 Mar-
ket et.. room 203; phone South 751.
AT iees than ocst, unraJled fcr suits, overcoats.
arid trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market tt.
LLUGANT suits en tzry installments: 50 cents
ar.d up ptr week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day ev£s., T«*uror.ia Hall. Howard St., nr.
8th; Prof. Fester; society, dancing taught. .
PHYSICIAN, 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morjihine. cocaine habit. Call or
a<i'ir€ss Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
corner Sutter St.; fee moderate.
HANDSOME hralthy baby pirl for adoption.
MRP. DR. SATTLER SIMON. 1709 Powell.
MASSEUSE *.-!sV,es enjr&eenieaU with ladles
only. Phone Capp <;23S.
Bon Mr.rche Pants <~o. ; rpeoial $5 pants to or-
der. Rooms 14 A. 1«. 40 Ellis. Tel Drumm 44.
KINE renulne diamonds, watches.jewelry cheap-
er than anywhere. A. A. Ititter. 237 Kearny.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wig-;
ccur.tty orders. GQLDSTCIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUITS to order on lrrtaJlments. $1 per weelc
Xeuhaus L Co.. merch. tailors, 727-723 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse, 1170 Market.
TAILOB-MADE t=n!t $7 50; drew! pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian QcOM restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1 ; at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
«^p*Tied at 10OS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. rn.
PALMISTiiV.
MME. DEVAP. scientific palmist and artrolo-
n.>: . pajm reading* $1; 3 questions by ex-
press. $1; open Tuesday eve., also. 133 Post st.
JkfME. N'EERGAARDS <-1»kk In palmistry b«-
K'.Tif Dec. 1. 8 p. m. 242 Tost st. ; terms $10.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. eci«>ntinc palmist. 513
Taylor tt . near Geary. Phone Black 561.
PAPEniitxcnc, PAivriXG, etc.
CALL, at C27 Turk tt. or phone Eutter 154 for
papcrtaanging. painting and paper cleaned.
PHYSICIANS AND SURUEOXS.
DR. C. C. O*DONNELL^-Offlce^aid residence.
1021% Market n.. b»-t. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to disease* cf women.
DR. U. MATSUKA has returned from Orient.
Nw at 6E. corner Geary an3 Taylor sts.
BLOOD. ¦ k.r. and rr-etal diseases a specialty
DH. BALL. 1073% Market et. ,
REMOVED— L>R. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases cf the hurcan body; tor
past four yeare at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at t€7 Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
DD. TONG PO CHY. succe*«*or to Dr. LI Po
Ta I. herb, doctor, cures &11 <! -ceases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington et.
DK. H. C. WONG. 719 Post et.; all diseases
cared by Chinese herbs; consultation free.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — AM dis-
*¦••'¦-*¦"•¦ cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay Bt.
PBOrEUTY W\»r.TEI). ¦
PROPERTY wanted by nurserymen; 5 to 15
ftcree; ranch to lease near Oakland. Box
S&2. Call office. Oakland.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES^
/flTEMPOIUUM Storage & Van Co. ; furniture,
household xoods stored, moved, chipped. 725-
721 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIFPCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice' Port and Powell et«. : tel. Prive. Ex. 571.
CC'NKLIN'S rtorajre — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 128.
GOLDEN W«>t Stcraee; advances made; 840
Mission et.; tel. Howard OIL F. XV. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Ftorape and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2220 FUlmore «t.; phone Jackson 2SL
Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
at.: t*l. Main 1S4O. Shipping at cu* rates.
; . ~
C A TA RRhTtjEAFN ESS and NOISES In EARS
Dotitively cured; r.ew method; 1 week'» treat*
B»tnt free. Dr. Cottingham. 20* Butter et.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
PTECIAL BARGAINS IN LOTS
Lot 27:<;xl2O. on Turk st., near Scott: $3100.
Lot 27x10(1. on Gough st.. near Vallejo; $3000.
Key lot l!5xlC0, Halght st., "near Clayton;
$21*00; easy terms.
A SAFE INVESTMENT.
Two hamJfcome flats. 1 year old. 0 and 7 rooms
and hath; latest Improvements: on the best
rrr.ting part of Webster st. ; rent J00 per month.
Price *e;;5i>.
\BOVEE, TOY & CO..
117 Montgomery Street.
BARGAIN.
?5U0O.
Two handsome flats on Webster st., near El-
lis-: large lot: rent f">2 50; prloe reduced from
JtiOOO to $5tf>o to effect an immediate sale. The
finest l>uy in the market.
BOVEE. TOY * CO..
II" Montgomery Street.
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking. Co. pays, the
hiKbest priee for buildings and will wre.ck
the largest building completely within 10
days. Northwest corner Mission and Tenth
pte.. cfare and yard.
KTART the new year in your own home; |250
and $-0 per month, cottage 5 rooms and
bath: $250 and $25 per month, house. 6 rooms
and bath; $250 .new 5-room cottage and $25
per momh. D.' COFFIN. 3303 Mission st.
BUILD "on your unimproved realty; we loan
full rot-t improv. and part lot at B per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO., Crocker building.
L<jTH. N or 6 Mi1<" of Golden Gate Park, jiur-
chnsel by W. J. (JUXN, 530. California st.
STOP waiting water; we fix the leaks. AHL-
FJACH & MAYER, plumbers. 8.".6 Howard Pt.
REAL ESTATE Country — For Sale.
71S ACPES n*ar Mayfleld. 11 miles from San
Jose- lr>0 acres full bearing prunes; large
vineyard: all good, land; water piped every-
where: immense concrete reserrclrs; fine
houses, ftablrs, barns, etc.; fenced In 5 fields;
co«t $lfi0.O0O: price $50,000. THORNE &
KILI'ATRICK, IJ12 Bush St.. San Francisco.
13300—12 ACRES full bearing orchard. 6-room
house, fruit dryer, barn. « chicken houses. 2
brooder houses, incubator house with 2 large
Incubators: 3 miles from town. GEORGE C
YOUNG. Petaluma.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm. - '
$200 profit per annum |>er acre.
Write for booklet. It's free. 603 J st.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento, Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,'
vineyard?: iriFpected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 048
Market st.
POIST RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts;
maps-, photos, etc. BELL, 417 Parrott blJg.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY ROCJMSJTOJiET;;
THREE large, sunny rooms, two connecting,
bath; board if desired. MRS. BOLAND, 221S
Union St., Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY. .
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
MONTANA House, 320 Eighth st. : funny
suitea and single rooms for housekeeping
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furnl-
ture. H. Schellha'as. 11th st-.cor.store.Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. &
AT the Knickerbocker apartments. 1340 Pine
St.. near Hyde; apartments all taken; call
and leave orders for reserves.
FOURTH. 225 — Nice housekeeping rooms; also
single rooms,
FRANKLIN, 4Tt — Sunny connecting housekeep-
ing rooms. $15 and $18; single, $fi, $S & $10.
GEARY. 1<X>2— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
on suite or single; housekeeping privileges;
running water; gas'; reasonable.
GILLESPIE. • 118 Ninth st.—6unny .furnished
bedrooms and housekeeping, $1 50 lo $3 25
"¦week; phorc- Mint 2SG1.
MODEL House, 1206 Stockton — Newly furnished
rooms, $5-$12; gas. Lath, phone.
MISSION. 1219 bet. Eighth and Ninth— Sunny
rumtsihed housekeeping rooms; complete.
NATOMA, 2>>4. near 4th — 2 furnished Jiouse-
. keeping rooms; water; closet*; rent $9. -
O'FARRELL. 1390— Newly furn. apartments,
boarding or light h|k;, 1, 2 or 3 rooms.
POLK. 1020. near Geary— Neatly furnished
front housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
VAN NESS ave.. 7O<5 — Two sunny front rooms,
complete for housekeeping; $23.
WALTER. 64, bet. Noe and Sanchez and Du-
boce Park and 14th — 2 rooms and kitchen,
$16; 1 room and kitchen. $12.
APARTMENT HOUSES.
MONTCLAIR AJPARTMENTS.
Corner Pine ar.d Taylor sts.; beautiful new
modern apartments; all sunny corner suites;
furnished or ur. furnished; none superior; ma-
rine view. LYON Si HOAG. 116 Montgomery.
THE GABLES.
Oor. Clay and Larkln sts — Modern 3-4-3-room
up-to-date apartments; furnished or unfur-
nished; all latest conveniences; reservations
can be made on premises, 1 to 4; terms reas.
6T. CECIL, 115 Fell et.. above Van Ness— The
acme of perfection in modern, elegantly fur-
nished 3-room apartments; private baths,
•team heit, elec. lights, elevator, gas ranges.
BT. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson Ft. — Modern 3-4-5
rooms, also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; now open; references.
~ HADDOX HALU ~
851 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
ROOMS TO LET— Pnrn. and Unlnrn.
AURORA, ccrner Second and Folsom ste. — New
housi. new furniture: every room outside;
modern and funny; prices from $1 50 per
¦week up; this is the only up-to-date house in
this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth st.— Rooms
25c to $1 p*r nfsht. $1 25 to $5 per weelc and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AEHWORTH. 320 Mason 5t.. bet. Geary and
Pott— Suite and single rooms with or with-
out private bath; gun In rooms all day.
AT 'The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or N6. 1
Fifth et.)— Rooms. 25c, 50c. $1. $1 60 night;
$1 50 to $10 week: house open all night.
AT the' Pleroont. 450 Ellis — Newly furnished
rmi.; elevator; hot & cold water; 'transient.
BURNETT. 1420 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, euite, tingle; alsw unfurnished^
CLIFFORD, 204 £111*. corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished . Eunny rooms: prices reasonable.
ELLIS'. 323 <Sovereign) — Newly furnished sun-
ny suites; also , single; all modern conven-
iences; first-class; homelike; central: refs.
FOURTH. 475— Nicely furnished room in prl-
vate family: rent reasonable.
GEARY. W«? — Sur.ny front alcove rooms; hot
*a(fr; hath; no children. • ¦
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mlnslon — Rooms 50c
to $1 50 night; $1 to $3 week; leading -room.
HARRIET, S6 — Kitchen, dining-room and bed-
rnom; furnished or Unfurnished.
LAGUNA and McAllister, St. Jamei flat— Sun-
ny single room.
LARCHMONT, 3C1 Eutter — Sunny rooms; elec-
tric lights: «Ievator: central; transient.
MISSION. 1148— Elegantly furnished front
suite: yiano: MtBXl* rooms from $1 50 week.
NINTH. 119 (Glllcepie)— Nicely furnished rooms
$1 50 to $2 60 per week; 50c to 75c per nisht.
POWKLL. 317 — Sunny front suite for doctor or
dfntlst: also other furnished rooms.
P.OTAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor: rooms per night, 35c' to $1 60; week. $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; room* with hot end cold water; baths.
SUTTER, 236— The Crane— Elegantly furnished
rooms; downtown; suite or single; $10 up.
THE FREMONT, 1S64 MARKET ST. — Strictly
first-class elegantly furn. rooming hotel.
Tel. South 1133. Capt H. O. Ulberg. Prop.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market-^400
roomB. 35c to (1 night. $1 75 to $0 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS, 619 — Handsome sunny furnished
suites and single rooms; all conveniences.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and ressectable : 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night: $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free- bus: baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has . been
opened at 1008 Market st.,- opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. •
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have: the' same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement'
of the event are published once In this 'column
free of charge. _____
( BORX.
BEATTY— In this city. December 24. 1903, to
the wife of Thomas II. Beatty, a daughter.
BIRD— In this city. December 17. '1903. to the
wife of John F.' Bird, a son.
KLIPSTEIN— In this city, (December 24, 1003,
to the wife' of William E. E. Klipstein, a
daughter. >
McCRUDDEN— In Oakland. December 12. 1906,
to the wife of J. M. McCrudden, a son.
MARX— In this city. December 14, 1903, to the
wife of Melville Marx, a daughter.
~~~ MARRIED.
BLUE— HALL— In Oakland. December 21, 1903.
by the Rev. E. R. Dllle. D.D.. Frederick
Kelloe-g; Blue and Maude Elizabeth V. Hall,
both of San Francisco.
TUCKER— HACKER— In Oakland, December
19. 19<W, by the Rev. E. R. Dllle, D.D.. Wil-
liam Tucker and Lillian Hacker, both of San
Franclsoo.
DIED. ~
Brick, Herman Lampman, Henry
Butler, William M. Lundln, John
Clare, Thonjas McCarthy, Michael
Clark. Sarah . McClelland. Maud A.
Colver. Cha-rles » Murphy, Catherine ;
Condon. James Pitto, Paul
Crane, Jane Rodecker, Jane
Crockett, Joseph B. Sheerln, Daniel
Deniu, Frank V. "Smith. Thomas R.
Finch. Johanna M. Starks. Llewolynn F.
Gadina. Peter F. Van Praag, Joseph L. '
Gorman, John Vorwerk, Frank H.
Hagemann. 1'hllipp Whiting, James W.
Heffron. Mary B. " Winant, Charles P.
Henry, Bridget
BRICK— In this city, December 24. 1903, Her-
man, beloved husband of the late Marie
Brick, and father of ; Morris, Abe, Isidor,
Alex, and Benjamin Brick, a native of Po-
land, aged. (JO years. ¦ • . <
BUTLER— In this city, December 24, 1903,
William Michael, dearly beloved son of Pat-
rick and Minnie Butler 1 , and brother of
Eugene Butler, a native of Eureka, Humboldt
County, Cal.. aged 10 years. (Eureka, Hum-
boldl, papers please copy.)
E7"Frifends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from the parents'
residence. 914 Florida street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
CLARE — In this city, . December 24, 1903,
Thomas Clare, a native of Manchester, Eng-
land, aged 73 years and 8 months. f
t^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
Saturday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Halsted & Co.. 94t» Mission street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by 11:30
a. m. train from Third and Townsend streets.
CLARK— In this city. December 23. 1003. Sarah
Clark, a native of Maryland, aged CO years.
COLVER— In this city, December 22, 1903,
Charles, son of Mrs. S. B. Colver, and brother
of E. H. and S. B. Colver and Mrs. William
Corbett. a native of Illinois, aged 41 years.
CONDON — In this city. December 24,
1003, James, husband of Hanora Condon, and
father of John. Nellie and Catherine Condon
and Mrs. P. H. Rossen of North Bloomfleld,
Nevada County. Cal.. and Mrs. W. H. Spencer
of Nelson, British Columbia, a native of New
York, aged t8 years S months and 14 days.
(Nevada County papers plea«e copy.)
BV Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at (t o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 325 Twenty-seventh street, thence to
St. Paul's Church, .-where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 'J:30 a. in. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
CRANE: — In this city, December 24, 1903, Jane;
beloved wife of the late Dennis Crane, ulster
of Charles, Michael, Thomas and Patrick
McIluRh. and aunt of Mrs. Mark I. Hart
and Mrs. D. J. Rose, a native of County
Cavan, Ireland, aged CSS years.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday) at H:'-iU o'clock, from the parlors
of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany. 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Brendan's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery. Oakland, by 11 o'clock creek boat.
CROCKETT — In San "Mateo.- Cal., December 24,
' ]()0:{, Joseph U. Crockett, aeed 53 years.
dTKuneral services -will be held ut Grace
Church, corner of Stockton and California
Htreets. San Francisco. Saturday, December
2H. at 11:.'# a, m. Interment private.
DENIS— In this city, Deierrtber 24. 1903, Frank
V. Denis, beloved husband of Daisy I. Denis,
and brother of Mrs, Antonio .Perry and Mrs.
Charles J. Perry, a native of San . Francisco,
aged 32 years 11 months and 12 days. ¦
(L^Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-'
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his • late
residence, 431 Frederick street, thence to St.
Agnes Church, where a requiem high mass
• will be. celebrated for the rep<5se of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
FINCH— In Golden Gate. December 24, 1903.
Johanna Matlld Finch, beloved wife of the
late Henry Finch, and mother of William,
Frederick and Albert Fipch. a native of Ger-
many, aged til yearsr 8 months and 2 days.
ETFrionds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
December 20. at 2 p. m., rrom the under-
taking parlors of Beaudry &• McAvoy, $73
Washington street, . Oakland. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
GADINA— In the Philippines, at the Island of
Romblon, on May 20. 1002, by the explosion
of a Lee rifle while performing his duty as
a gunner's mate on board the United States
steamer General Alava. Peter Francis Gadi-
na, beloved son of Peter and Hannah Gadina.
a native of San Francisco, aped 19 years 4
months and 17 days.
(tyRclatlves and friend3 are rapectfully
Invited to attend the funeral Sunday. Decem-
ber 27, 190.'!. at 2 p. m.. from Cypress Lawn
Chapel. Please omit flowers.
GORMAN — In San Leandro. December 23. 1903.
John.' beloved husband of the late Bridget
Gorman and dearly beloved father of Mar-
garet, Nellie, J. P.. M. L. and W.. H. Gor-
man, a native of Ireland, aged 67 years and
0 months.
(LVFrtends ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
December 20, 1903. at 10 o-cloek, from his
late residence, thence to St. Leander's
Church. San Leandro. where a requiem high
mass will b« celebrated for the repose of his
soul. Interment fit. Mary's Cemetery. Oak-
land.
HAGEMANN— In Philo. Anderson Valley. De-
cember 23. 11)03. Phllipp. dearly beloved hus-
band of Margaret Hagemann. and devoted
father of of Charles, Mnrguerite. Rose. Lizzie
and the late Katherine Hacemann. a- native
of Elm,- Kurhef8en, Germany,, aged 60 years
9 month3 and 7 days.
(C7"Rpmaln9 at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co . 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
und ElKhth.
HEFFRON — In this city, December 24. 1903,
Mary B Heffron. beloved wife of Thomaa
Heffron and mother of Mamie. Thomas and
• Edward' Hfffron. Mrs. A. Dietle and Mrs.
C. Lawrence, aged 03 years.
(E?*Nuttce ot funeral hereafter.
HENRY— In Riverside. December 23. 1003,
Bridget beloved daughter of the late Walter
and Ellen Henry, sister of Rev. Fathers Mar-
tin. Walter and John Henry of County Sligo.
. Ireland arid Dr. J.W. -Henry of San Fran-
tcyFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow • (Saturday), -at
ft -30 o'clock, from the residence of Mr. James
English, .1313 Gpugh. street, thonce to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her bouI.
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy-
Cross Cemetery.
LAMPMAN— In this city, Henry Lampman.
a native cf New York, agei 74 years 3 months
and 24 days. ', •
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
December 27. 1903. at. 12 o'clock, from the
residence of Mrs. Harriet" Reid, 1607 Leaven-
worth street, near Pacific. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. - ,
LUNDIN— In this • cltjr. December 20. " 1903.
John Lundin, a native of Sweden,, aged- 45
years. , .
(CTFripnils and .acquaintances aro r' sport-
fully Invited to attend th* funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at '-10 a. *m.. from the funeral
parlors of Craig. Cochran & Co.. 429 Golden
Gate avenue between Polk and Larkln
streets. Interment Mount' Olivet Cemetery
by 11:30 train from Third and Townsend
streets.
MCCARTHY— In this city. December 24. 1003,
Michael beloved husband of Bridget ¦ McCar-
,'thy, father of Patrick . McCarthy and Mrs.
T. Corrldan, brother of Patrick. Timothy
and Johannah McCarthy, and grandfather
of James Thomas and Mary Corridan. a na-
tive of Ballylongford. County Kerry. Ireland,
" aged 63 years l> months and 20 days.
C7Notlce of funeral hereafter. . .v, ;, .
McCLELLAND— In . this" city December 23,
1903. Maud A., beloved daughter of Alice and
the late John McClelland, and sister of Mrs.
HENRY J. CALLAGHER CO.
* (Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.)- -
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth »t.. opposite Lincoln School. '
Telephone South SO.' . ¦ \ "
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral' Directors and Embalmers— — — —
Formerly -in- Metropolitan Temple.
• Now at 8G« MISSION. Tel.- South 107. I
: Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth et.' • - '
' ' Finest' Equipments at Moderate Rates. '
RAILWAY TBAVEZt.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Irains leave and are die to arrive at
. SAX FllANCISCO. ; .
(Mala Line, Foot of Market Street ) > - r
u»t» — From XoTKjiBB»a. 19CO. — AKmrT»f
7.00* VacsTille. Winter*. Kam*ey_ 7.55*
7.UU*. BenlcU. Saliua. Sim tr» and Sacra-
mento 7-zs»
7.30* Tsllejo. Xtr*. Callttoc*. SanU
nosa. Martinez. Saa Ramon 6-25*
7-30* Sties, LtTennore. Trscj, Lathrop.
Stocfcron 7-25*
800* 6h*«t* Express— (Via Darlt^
Williams (for Bartlett Springs),
Willows. tFrnto. Ked Bluff.
' Portland. Taeoraa, Seattle 7-S5'
I 8-C0* Daru. Woodland. Knights Landing.
MarjsTllle. OrOTllie 7-55»
8 -30 a Port Cost-v. Martinez. Anttoeb.
Byron. Tracy, Stockton. New-
man. Loa Banos. Meadots,
Annona. Ilantord. Visalta,
Porterrllle ." a 4JZS9
8-33* fort Costn. Martinez. Tracy. Lath-
rop. Modeato, MerceC Fresno.
Qosnen Junction. Hanford, <*
VtMlla. Palcersflcld 4.53»
8 JO* Nllei, San Jose. Llvermore. Stock-
ton. (tMIlton). lone. Sacramento,
Placerfllle. Maryiviiie. CUico,
Red Bluff 4.23»
¦.30* Oaitdnle. C&lneie. Jamestown. So-
oora, Tnolumne anil Anpels 4 25?
fl.00* Atlantic Express— OBden »nd E>Mt. 11.25*
8-30* Richmond. Martlnex and Way
Stations 6-55P
10 00* Tbe Orerland Limited — Osden,
Denver. Omaha. Chicago. B.25*
10.00a Vallejo™ : 122a»
10.00a Los An«ele« Passenger — Fort
Costa. Martinet. Dyroa. Tracy.
Lnthrop. Stockton. Merced.
Ray mond. Fresno. Go»hen Junc-
tion. Han ford. Lemoore, Visa::.*.
Bakeroneld. Lo« An«ele» 7-73*
1t.COM Haywarrt. Niles and TTay Stations. 32SP
nj>0r Sacramento Rlrer Steamer* tii.OQ*
5*)F Benlcla. Winters. Sacrament*,
Woodland. Kntgbta Laadiugr,
MaryiTllle. OrutSlle and way
•tatlons 1 9fli
J30r Haywarrt. Nlles and Way Stations.. /.65#
SOr Port Costa. Martinez. Byron.
Tracy. Lathrop, Modesto,
Merced. Fresno and Waj Stv
tlons beyond Port Co»ta 12-23*
I-30F Martlnex, Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 1023a
4 COr Mart!nei.SanlUmon,ValleJo.Napa,
CallitogV 8int» R»«a 3 25*
4 00* NHm, Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4.2S*
4 30r Hay ward. Nile*. Irrlngton. SanJ I8.&5*
Joee. LlTermore | 1 11.55*
6-COr The Owl Limited— Newman. Lo»
Banos. Mrndota, Fresno. Tulare,
BakeriOelri. Los Angeles 8 55*
6X0r PertCoata. Tracy. Stockton -12.25*
tS30r Ilayward. Nlles and San Jo*e 7.25a
S-OOr Hayward. Nlles aud San Jose 9.55a
iJDOr Eaitera ExpreM— Opden. Denrer.
Omaha. St. Louis. Chicago aud
Eaat. Port Costa. Benlcta. Sul-
tun, Elmlrv Davis. Sacramento,
Rockltn. Auburn, Colfax.
Trnckee. Boca. Keno. W»d»-
worth. Wtunemucca S-29P
•.•Op Vallejo, dally. exccpt'Sunday.... I 7 eg.
7.00* Vallejo, Sunday only 1 '""
7 OOr Klchmond. San Pablo. Port Coses,
Martlnex and Way Stations 1125a
8-SSr Oregon A California Express— Sac-
ramento. MarynvUle, Redding.
Portland. Puget Sound and E*st. 8 55*.
f.iOr Oayward. Nile* and San Jose (San-
dayonly) 11-55*,
COAST LINE (Marrew «a BS e).
(Foot of Market Street.)
g.lo* Newark. CenterTlile. San Jose,
Felton. Boulaer Creek. Santa
Crnx and Way Stations. 5.55*
tt.16r Newark. CentervtUe, 8an Jose.
New Almaden. Lo* Gato«.?e;toa.
Boulder Crnek. Santa Ctus and
Principal Way Stations ftOSS*
4-16* Newark. San Joae. LosOatoi and S t8.554
wayttatlons I 110 55*
•330* Hunters Train, Saturday only. San
Jose and Way Stations. Return-
Ing from Loa Oaton Sunday only. X7 25*^
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN MIANCISCO. Foot of Market St. (S!!p<l
— tl: 15 t:0O 11:00 a.m. 100 3 00 5 15r«
rrom OAKLAND. Fool of Droa.iway — <t»:WJ »:0»
t8:05 10:00 a.m. 12 00 2 00 400 r.M.
COAST LINE <Broa4 Manx*).
tar (third ami I'tnrnsend Streets.)
6-10* San Jose an<FWay Station* 6.3.1r
7 00* San J one ami Way Station* 6 33*
8 00* >>w Almarlen (Tr.es.. K:!.!.. only). 4.1ir
100* Coa»t Line Limited— Stopsonlyfan
Jose. Gllroy (connection for Uot-
Hster), Pajaro. Cftstrorllle. S»r
. Unas. San Ardo. i'mo Roblea.
8antaMargarl(!t.Sa:! I.tils OW*p«v
Principal atatluus taeuce Surf »
(connection for Lompoc) -prints
enl station* thence Santa Bar-
bara and Lo* Angeles. Connec-
tion at CasrroriiiA to anil from
Monterey »ad pacific Grore 10l4S»
•.Ma 8an Jose. Tres IMaos. Capltola.
SaataCruz.PKClflcUroTe.Sallnaa,
San l.u'.s Obtspo and Principal
Wsy Station* 4.10*
1030* San Joie and Way Station* 1 20*
11-30* 8anta Clara. San Jo»e, Lo* Gatos
and Way Station* 7.30
\ZCr San Jose and Way Stations * i0>
it Or Pacific GroTc Kxpress — SnntaCIara
San Juse.'Del Monte. Mocterey.
1'aciCc Grave (connect* at Siiiit.i
' Clara for Santa Cruz, Honldor
Creek and Narrow Cause Point*)
•t Gllroy for Hoillstcr. Tres
Pino*, at Ca*tr"Yi:ie forSailna*. 12.15*
3-30* Tre* Plnos Way Paaseaser 51043*
t4 4sr ban Joae. (vl» Santa CUra) Loa
Gato*, and Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Sunday) *9.12»
S63Or SanJoseandPrtnc!palWayStatlon* fS.CU*
6-COr Sunset Limited.— Kedwood. Saa
Jo»e, Gllroy. Salinas, Pa«o Kobles,
Saa Luis Obtspo. San u Barbara,
Lo* Angelcf. Iteming. Kl P«s«,
New Orlenna, New York. Con-
nect* at Pajaro for Santa Crua
. and at Oi»rnivt!> for Pacific
Grove and Way Slationa 7.10a
tC16* EanMateo.Beresford.Belmont.Saa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks.
MenloPark. Palo Alto 18.43*
i.!Pr San Jose and Way Station* 6.33*
11 .30* South SanFranclsco, MUlbrae, Bar-
Itngame. San Mateo. Belmont,
San Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oak*. '
Menlo Park, and Palo AKo 9.45*
•11-30* Mayfleld, Mountain View. Sunny-
Vile, LswTenee, Santa Clara and
¦ San Jo»e iS-iSf
A for Morning. F for Afternoo* *
I Sunday only.
t Etop« at all station* on Sunday.
t Sunday excepced. a Saturday oaly.
OT~Oaly trains stopping: at Vafcncla St. •<>tuhtx>v*4
irett:10*.M..7:UU*.*.. U:3O*.«.,3:iUP.M.an<l t.JOr.m.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY.CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANGIiiO AN., NuRTH PACIFIC
XAILWAT COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, root ot Market Street.
SAN F&AKCXSCO TO SAN EAPAIL.
WEEK DAYS— 7 SO, S>:0O. ll:0O a. m.; 12:^5.
3:C0. 5:10. 6:3U p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
3:30 5:C0. «:2O. 11:30 p. m.
SAN BATASL TO SAJf FBAITCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:05. 7:35. 7:30. 9:20. 11:13
a. m.: 12:30. 3:40, 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and «:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:00. 0:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:49.
4:55. 5:03. 6:25 p. m.
Ij»4ve I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. [ S#i-t. 27. 1903. (San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destina- I Sun- J We«lt
Days. I days. | tlon. ( days, f Day*.
7:30 a 8:00 a 9:10 a 8:40 »
9:30 a Ignado. 10:40 a 10:2Oa
3:30 p 3:H0p «:05 p 6:20 9
B:10p 5:00 p - 7:35p
7 -30 a ~ i ~~ 9:10 al 8:40 a
8:00 a Norato. 10:40 a 10:2O a
3:30 p 9:30 a Tetiluma «:05p 6:20 9
5:10 p 3-30 p and 7:35 p
5:00 p Santa Rosa.
j-20» 10:40 ail0:20 a
8:00a Fulton. 7:35 p «:20i»
3:30 p 3:30 p i I .
Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a. HealdBbur*. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyservllle. 7:35 p 8:20 p
Cloverdale.
7-SOa|8:0Oa| Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 *
3 :30 rl 3:3Op( and Uklah., | 7:35 p| 6:20 9
7:30a| 8:0Oa( Wllllia. |7:35p[6:20p
7:30 al 8:0O~al - 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| queratvUle. | 7:35 p| 6:20 9
7-30 al S:COa| Sonoma! j 9:10 a j 8:40li
5:10 p| 5:00 PI Gl«n Ellen. | 6:05 pf 6:20 p
"7-iOal 8:0Ua| 110:40 ail0:2O~%
3:30 p! 3:30 p| Sebastopol. I 7:35 p| «i:2i> 9
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin; at Santa Rcsa fcr Whlt<». Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton fcr Altruria and Mark West
Springs ; At Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey-
gerville for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Boonevllle and Greenwood : at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
K«lseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes Laurel
Itall Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo.
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Lleny's.
Buckntll's. Sanhedrln Heights. HuliviUe. Orr"»
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptcha. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Erags.
Weitport. Usal: at Willlta for Fort Bragg.
Westporr. Sherwood. Cahto. Covello, Layton-
vtlle Cummmn, Bell's Springs, Harris. Ol-
sen's. Dyer. Garbervtlle. Pepperwood. ScotU
and Eureka. .
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tlckst* at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half, rates.
Ticket offices. 630 Market street. Choniele
bl H. C?' WHITING. R. X. RTAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. *Agt.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
RAILWAY TRA VEH
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
at J) :.*?(> a. m., through In 3 days,
with diner and all trapping's. .
Other Santa Te Trains:
A!«n -' U!l f° r Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld,
8 : 00 p m) Merced. Ha nford and Vlsalia.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
S:00 p. m.' for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicagp. m
TICKET OrriCE — 641 Market St.. and
Perry Depot, s. T. Also 1113 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal.
TOSANRAFAEL,
H^^l^l ROSS VALLEY,
,¦¦,,,.. . , IVTTT I V A T T PV
iSSu^Sa^APERO,- Etc.
iiSi^^^Sa^^^i via Sausalito Perry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric —
Depart from San Francisco Daily — 7:00 f<:0<\
9:00 10:00, ll;COa. m.. 12:20. 1:45. 3:15'. 4:15.
5-15' «:15 7:00 S:45. 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Dally— 5:25 0:35. 7:10. S:35. 9:35. 11:C5 a.
m 12:20. 1:45 2:53. 3:45. 4:15. 5:45, 6:45,
8:45. 10:20 p. m.
• FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO — Dally— 5:45. 6:55. 7:52. 8:55. 9:55.
11:20 a. m.. 12:35. 2n)O. 3:15, 4:05. 8:05. 6:05,
7:05 9:C0, 10:35 p. m. ,
THROUGH TRAINS.
fi:00 a in. dally— Cazadero and way stations.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdas-s excepted) —
Tomales and way stations. '^
3fl5 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
- Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and
way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— 62ft Market' st.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave . Tia Sionlisa Itrrj Arrive
S*nFranciac» tot tf- lUrktt h. - Saw Frandsco
Week Sun- Sun- I Week
Days. days /WpwSSjk. day* Days.
Sl"00U»J»:OOA fc?22r<i&ra 12:05r foltol
•l:45r 9:00a VS^S'Sr-S/ l:25r2:5Jp
5:15r 10:0(),v tg^^r »:50p S:SO*
... 11:OI>«* *:&Or 9:S0p
*0wawt with rt»g» fcr ** Kftm tad TO»t Caay
TICIII 4 &£ MaKKBT ST..(N'orta Shore Railroad;
01 flCSS I and Sausauto Fsrky. Foot Market St.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
A^ :^^H^raL^RALTIMORE. i
VAN NESS AVE , NEAR GEARY ST.
AMERICAN PLAN.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
' SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER.
SPECIAL RATES BY THE MONTH.- '"
MUXGER & ZEBERG, PROPRIETORS.
A HOTEL HATTON ¦ —
SE. COR. PINE AND TAYLOR
This new and rustic constructed hotel la elt-
uated in the city's swellest quarter and will
be handsomely furnished throughout with all
the very latest conveniences, is now open for
occupancy; reservations can now be made on
premises dally.
CHANGE OF PROPRIETORS.
MANHATTAN HOTEL. i7O4 Market et.— A
etrictly first-class family and tourist hotel of
unquestioned respectability. American plan.
A THE DRESDEN
SELBCT FAMILY BOARDING-HOUf E. 1442
FULTON. BET. BRODERICK AND BAKER.
PINE. 777 — Comfortable house for 3 or 4
young working ladies; good table; cheerful
rooms, $4 and $5 per week.
CALIFORNIA. 1246— Most select location In
modern, elegantly furnished private home;
table unsurpassed; marine view.
HOTEL MARTINET. Geary Et. and Van Ness
ave., has changed hands; hereafter conducted
_flrEt-c^ass family hotel; table board specialty.
NEWPORT, 1018~Pine. near Taylor— Large sun-
ny room; also single room; excellent table.
Stevenson mansion, 807 California— Fine rcoms;
new chefs; colored service; table specialty.
O'FARRELL. 308— Furnished rooms; home
_ cooking; German family; $C per week.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia at.
ROOMS AND HOARD WASTED.'
WANTED.— Furnished room or suite in private
house by two young men; privilege of violin
practice and occasional use of piano desired.
Box 3631. Call office.
A MARRIED lady would like board and room
in private family north of Market st Box
3630. Call.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, pent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
A "WHITE" Christmas can be had without
snow. Have you seen our latest White
Sewing Machine? Automatic lift, chain-
stitch, lockstitch and hemstitch combina-
tion; we rent or sell on easy payments; we
want sewing machine men; come and have
a talk with ue; phone Black 1106 300 Post
et.; 1841 Flllmore st. and 708 Valencia st..
S. F.. or phone Brush 551 470 13th et.,
Oakland. WHITE SEWING MACHINE/ CO.
SEWING machines — Second hand, $3 $5 $8-
slightly used. $10. $15. $20; rents at cut rates.
New Home Sewing Machine Co., 1051 Market
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE following children have been admitted to
the San Francisco Nursery for Homeless
Children: Charles E. Fritz, 10 years; Axlnia
Krueger. 7 years, orphans: Michael Negy. 2
vears; Bertha E. Johonason. 11 years; Agnes
M. Johonason. 3 years; Dora Hertz. 8 years;
Gertrude Hertz. 7 years; Gustave Kuehne, 8
months, lialf orphans. ','¦
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market— Cure
in every case; individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire into wonderful cures; home cure.
T\nPEAVRlTERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 r.U. Tha
Typewriter Exchange, 536 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery St.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inepec. Co.. 508 Market.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— CALIFORNIA SAKE
• DEPOSIT AXD TRUST COMPANY, corner
California and Montgomery sts.. For the
e!x months endlnc December 31. 1903. divi-
dends have been declared on deposits in the
savings department of this company, as fol-
lows: I On term deposits at the rate ot
3 C-10 per cent per annum, and on ordinary
deposits at the rate of 3 per cent per an-
um, free of taxes, and payable on and after
Saturday, January 2, 1904. Dividends un-
called for are added to the principal ;Uter
January 1, 1W>4. J. DALZELL BROWN.
Manager.
DIVIDEND Notice— The Market-street Bank,
1143 Market Bt— For the half year ending
December 31. 1903, a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate of three and oue-hatf (3.50)
per cent per annum upen deposits (savings
department), free of taxes, payable on and
after January 2, 1604. W. B. NASH, Secre-
tary.
SAX FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society. 5th floor, Mutual Savings Bank
building. 708 Market St.. opposite Third—
For the half-year ending 31st of December,
1903. a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY, January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — SAN FRANCISCO
SAVINGS UNION. 532 California et., corner
Webb. For the half year ending with the 31st
of December 1903, a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate per annum of three and
one-half (3H>) per cent on term deposits
and three i3) per cent on ordinary deposits,
free of taxes, payable on and after Saturday,
January 2. 1904. LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice — Savings and Loan Society,
101 Montgomery St., corner Sutter, has de-
clared -a dividend for the term ending Decem-
ber 31, 1903, at the rate of three and one-
quarter (3H) per cent per annum on all de-
posits, free of taxes, and payable on ana af-
ter January 2, 1904.
(Signed) CYRUS W. CARMANY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice — The German Savings and
Loan Society, 526 California St.— Fcr the half
year ending with December 31, 190.1, a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate of three
. and one-quarter (3Vi) per cent per annum on
all deposits, froe of taxes, payable on and af-
ter Saturday. January 2. 1904
GEORGE TOURNY. Secretary.
THE CONTINENTAL BUILDING AND LOAN
ASSOCIATION, 301 California st., San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. has declared a dividend for the
year ending December 31, 1903, of 5 per cent
on ordinary deposits, 6 per cent on term de-
posits and 8 per cent to stockholders, free ot
taxes. DR. WASHINGTON DODGE Presl-
dent. WM. CORBIN. ijec. and Gen.' Mgr.
DIVIDEND Notice— Mutual Savings Dank of
San Francl«co. No. 710 Market street— For
the half-year endinc December 31, 1903 a
dividend has been declared at the rate of
three and twenty one-hundredths C3.2O) per
cent per. annum on all deposits, free of taxes
payable on and after SATURDAY. January
2. 1904. GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
A DIVIDEND in liquidation of 8 per cent on
all deposit* has been declared by the Cali-
fornia Saving* and Loan Society, .payable
on and after Saturday. Jan. 2 1904' at the
office of the society. Mills bulldlnj. sorond
floor, room 28. San Francisco, Cal. CHAS
P. FARQUHARSOJ?, Secretary.
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK— Forlhe half year
ending December 31. 1903. a dividend hap
been declared at the rate of three and one-
etghth (3%) per cent per annum on'deposits,
payable on or after Saturday. January 2
1904.' ' LEON BOCQUERAZ. Secretary.
THE Humboldt Pavings and Loan Society IS
Geary ft., has declared a dividend of 3W
per cent tier annum on deposits, free of
taxes, for the term ending December 31, 190o,
payable on and after January 2. 1904.
W E. PALMER. Cashier.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Daniel R. Cate. 23, Sacramento, and Cora
A. Wasson. 23, Sacramento. ,
John J. Clare, 2s, 412 Minna street, and
Lucy E. Murphy. 18, 150 Perry street.
Julius Josefat. 30, Skyland,- and Lillian
w Irht, 21, Skyland.
John Vollmer, 33. Jersey Landing, and Junia
K. Clarke, 21, Mount 1 Vernbn. Ind.
Eugene S. Lieht, 21. 2(541 Howard street,
and Marguerite H. Hlggins. 18, 2641 Howard st.
Louis Jutting. SH. 341 Sanchez street, and
Mavbelle Drumm. 21, 3H52 Seventeenth street.
Crescendo S. Manjarrez. 27, 1117W, Kearny
street, and Marta C, Wilton. 18. 079 Pacific st.
Rudolph Schroeder, 00. city, and Freda Rowe,
23. city.
Robert F. Kane, 26. 709 Eddy street and
Mae A. Collins, 25. Carson City. Nev.
Charles D. Gill, 27. Westport, and Lols-Mer-
rifleld. 19, 728 Dolores btreet
Manuel P. Beirao Jr.. 26. Sausallto,' and *E1-
dlna V. Bern, 23. Centervllle.
Charles C. West. 23, Oakland, and Cecil M.
de Vore, 23. 400 Oak street.'
Charles W. Porter, 27, 20 Ninth street, and
Florence M. Rice, 22, 610 Folsom street.
Richard F. Fletcher, 22, 886 Illinois street,
and Ethel Clark. 19. Oakland.
George L. .Ayer. 23, 1155 Folsom street, ind
Anastasla McCue. 23. 1155 Folsom street.
Charles O. Davies, 32, city, and Bertha V.
Benton, 21, city.
H. William* Stevens, 21. Prescott, ArU., and
Miry A; Dripcoll. 21. city. - . .
TO ALL "WANT" ADVERTISERS IN THE NEW YEAR'S (ALLMEMBERS OF TRAVELING MEX'S
ORDER WHO HAVE CHARGE
OF BENEFIT ARRANGEMENTS.
C. Lucchesl and Americo Mayi.'
workingmen employed at the Mat
teucclo macaroni factory,' were se
verely injured yesterday afternoon by
the explosion of a hydraulic pump.
The front- of Lucchesi's skulls was
fractured and Mayi's nose and eyes
were injured
Injured by Explosion.
Thomas Fitzpatrick and' John Stack,'
accompanied by a -two-gallon demi
john of whisky, hired a skiff yester
day afternoon to view the-, city from
the bay. Nothing -.unusual occurred
until Folsom-street wharf, was reach
ed and then one of the men;' desirous
of enjoying a 'deep sea motion.'vio
lently rocked -the skiff from, side, to
ride. The craft overturned and Stack
and Fitzpatrick were , cast -into . the
water.., A sailor from -the .transport
Thomas saved the amateur.' mariners
from a watery grave. The men were
then turned over to the harbor police
and later conveyed to the City-Prison.
Sergeant Lackman and Turnkey John
Coghlan divested them of their wet
garments and provided warm"blan
kets for them. '•'<.:'-
Sid ff t Overturns.
- Eon. very cwell -.weddlnr invitations com*
from Knoirle..' 24 Second street. Mala 538. *
Will Entertain Children.
' The directors "of the Human En
deavor Society have completed plans
( for the, Christmas tree, to be held at
Washington Square Hall, Stockton and
Union streets, .^ this afternoon. Toys
and candy 'will be distributed among
the children of the neighborhood, and
It Is expected that several hundrel lit
tle ones will take part in the festivities.
Charles Frohman will present Clyde
Fitch's, comedy. "The Girl With the
GreeVi Eyes," at the, Columbia The
ater on Monday, December 2$, contin
uing its run for two weeks. The -cast
includes such strong San Francisco
favorites as Ida Conquest, Robert
Drout and Mrs. Thomas Whiffen.* Miss
Conquest, remembered here In Charles
Frohman's Empire Theater stock com
pany, comes to play the principal part.
Robert Drouet is , most favorably re
called among us as . Armand Duval
.when Miss Mannering played "Ca
mille." Mrs. Thomas Whiffen needs no
Introductionto San Francisco audiences
nor,, indeed,, does Grace Henderson.
Others in the cast chosen by Mr. Froh
man and/ Mr. Fitch and retained for
this production are Edith Shayne,
Rose Flynn," William H. Tooker,
Frank Dekum and little Edith Tallia
ferro.
"The Girl With -.Green Eyes" Will
Hold the Boards /or Two
Weeks.
FROH3IAX'S BRIGHT STARS
WILIY SOON" TWINKLE
He leaves t"hree daughters to mourn
his 'loss — Miss Carrie Whiting. Mrs.
J. K. Firth and Mrs. R. E. Doerlng.
James W. Whiting, one of the pio
neers of This State, died yesterday.
For the last five years he had been iu
poor health, but had been able to at
tend to business until ¦within the last
two weeks. H« was one of the found
ers of Methodism in California and
had* always b^en identified with
church work. In the early days of the
settlement of San Francisco he took
an active part in public affairs and
was one of the members of the vigi
lance committee.
Pioneer J'alled by Death.
The suit brought by Mrs. Crissy Mc-
Allon to annul her marriage to C. J.
McAllon was decided yesterday by
Judge Cook in favor of the' plaintiff
and an order was made declaring the
marriage annulled.
Considerable interest was taken in
the suit from the fact that Mrs. Mc-
Allon while testifying in court alleged
that at* the time she was married to
McAllon in San Jose on January 18,
1901. she was under a hypnotic spell.
McAllon "she" said had repeatedly hyp
notized her and had made her do silly
things such as eat soap in the belief
that it was candy and fish for trout in
a cuspidor.
Dr. J. Mclvor-Tyndall was called as
an expert witness and testified that a
woman under a hypnotic, spell, if the
suggestion were made to her to get
married, would get in that line of
thought and no one could .tell by her
actions or demeanor that she was under
such a epell.- She would not know her
self what had happened till the spell
was removed by some other test. He
had seen the plaintiff and said she
would make an easy subject.
In her complaint -Mrs. ' McAllon ad
mitted that at the time she .was mar
ried to McAllon she had a, husband
from whom she had not been divorced,
and the Judge in giving his decision
orally yesterday said it was, not neces
sary for him to go into- the question
of hypnotism, as the woman's previous
marriage was eufflcient t to annul her
marriage to McAllon..
The question, therefore/ of what:ef
fect hypnotism would rive ' in. dis
solving the marital ties remains unde
cided. . ' ; '-¦ ' ¦•: ••' , : ;
Jud^e Cook Renders Decision
in Favor of Plaintiff in
Mrs. Crissv McAllon's Suit
COURT ANNULS
HER MARRIAGE
David Collins Is Told to Give Up His
Coin and Is lilt With a
Blackjack. .
. David Collins, a sailor living at the
Sailors' Home, was_ walking along
Spear street shortly" before 2 o'clock
yesterday morning and when turning
the corner of Harrison street two
men approached himand one of them
ordered him to throw up his hands.
"We want all the money, you've
got," said the footpad, and when
Collins declined to throw up his hands
the other footpad struck him on the
head with a "blackjack," knocking
him down. One of them jumped upon
him and Collins cried for help.
Collins' crie3 were heard by E. R.
Steinwand, a mail carrier, and he
drove in the direction of the sound.
When the two footpads saw the wag
on approaching they ran away. Stein
wand assisted Collins into his wagon
and drove him to the Harbor Emer
gency Hospital, where a wound in his
scalp was stitched and dressed. He
was able to give a description of the
men.
Metropolitan Business College.
R. H. Webster, ex-Supt. See educa
tional column. *
Mission Turners' Festival.
The members of the Mission Turn
Verein will hold their annual Christ
mas entertainment and ball to-morrow
evening at Mission Turner Hall, Eight
eenth street near Valencia. Toys will
be distributed among the children and
the affair promises to be one of mirth
and jollification.' *\
Sentence Passed Upon Davis.
Howard W. Davis, a colored man,
who was tried before a Jury in Judge
Dunne's court on a charge of assault
with Intent to ,rob and was convicted
of simple assault, was sentenced yes
terday to serve ninety days in the
County Jail. Davis and a companion
attempted to hold up John Freel, a
marine fireman, on Jackson street,
near Drumm.
Mrs. Sarah Rogers, widow of
"Ducksy" Rosenbaum, who is one of
the well-known characters of the city,
appeared in Judge Conlan's court yes
terday, gorgeously appareled, to tell
her version of the assault which she
claims was made on her at Larkin
street and Pacific avenue a week ago
by Louis F. Marshall, a race track ha
bitue. Mrs! Rogers told the court that
as she was walking along on her way
home with her arms full of packages
Marshall struck her and knocked her
down. When she arose he knocked
her down a second time and kicked her
in the back of the head.- She arose
again and was felled for the third
time, she claimed. George Marshall,
she said, was present and begged his
brother to desist after the first assault,
but his pleas availed nothing.
Alfred Friefz testified that he saw
some people fighting on the corner
and one of them. was a woman. He
could not identify any of the combat
ants.
The defense offered no testimony,
merely cross-examining Mrs. Rogers.
She denied that she had struck Mrs.
Louis Marshall at the race track. She
Rdmitted that she had shook her fist
In the face of Marshall's wife, and
when asked why she did that an
swered that it was because Louis Mar
shall was the biggest thief in Amer
ica. Further hearing of the case went
over until December 30.
Samuel Hargreaves, the Petaluma*
real estate dealer, who persistently de
clined to contribute to the support of
his 10-year-old child, has been con
verted to a better view of his marital
affairs under the skillful guidance of
Judge Mogan. His wife appeared in
court yesterday and told the Judge
that the husband had given the little
girl $10 for Christmas and had made
other provisions that were highly sat
isfactory. Accordingly the charge of
failing to provide for the little girl
was dismissed.
Angelina Archibald will have to an
swer before the Superior Court for
grand larceny and until she manages
to secure bail in the sum of $2000 will
languish j in jail. Such was the de
cision of Judge Mogan after he had
listened to the cause yesterday. An
gelina is a half-breed Indian who
abandoned the peaceful -wickiup for
a career of crime in the centers of
civilization. A miner from Arizona
made her acquaintance and it cost him
$420, which she filched from his
pocket. During her hearing in court
she reviled the Judge and bailiffs and
her removal to jail gave much relief
to the overstrained officials.
William H. Owens, who was arrest
ed, together with Harry Howard, for
the robbery of William Little in a sa
loon at 760 Market street, was held to
appear before the Superior Court yes
terday by Judge Mogan. Owens is a
Missouri farmer and was exonerated by
Hbward of complicity in the crime. The
Judge said he was inclined to believe
the accused man Innocent, but he
thought it better to have him tried by
a jury of his peers. If he were acquit
ted by them the vindication would be
greater and the incident would leave no
stain on his future life, f
William Hall has been making a
nuisance of himself among the private
residences on Stanyan street. He would
apply for alms on . the plea that • he
wished to get money to go to his moth
er in Los Angeles. When he was re
fused money he became abusive and in
sistent. The assistance of a policeman
was secured finally and Hall was taken
to jail. He appeared before Judge Mo
pan yesterday and was sentenced to
the County Jail for thirty days. In ad
dition he received a tobasco roast de
livered in the Judge's best style, which
may cause him to think better of a
beggar's career when he is at liberty
again.
» • •
Thomas Hill, colored, and Fred Tuck
er, a white man, were sentenced to six
months and three months, respectively,
by Judge Mogan yesterday on the
charge of vagrancy. They are "strong
arm" men and have been infesting
Third and Market streets for a month.
Last Saturday night they robbed an old
man of ?1 and managed to lose him be
fore they could be apprehended. More
over they succeeded in inducing James
Hoffman, the beautiful young man who
tends to the cigarette department of
the Bohemian cigar stand, to give them
52 In exchange for three quarters and
two dimes. "Handsome Jim" was on
the witness stand to tell his troubles
to -a sympathizing court. During his
examination he tried to get fresh, and
the Judge warned him to preserve a
reasonable degree of dignity, otherwise
he would be committed to jail for con
tempt. Judge Megan didn't want to be
called "k-i-d" in open court.
Bailiffs Mahoney and Hickey of Judge
Mogan's court will enjoy Christmas
cheer at the expense of the enlightened
jurist who presides over the. tribunal.
After the sheep and the goats had been
properly separated before the seat of
judgment and were sent on their way
to freedom or given the punishment the
laws provide for the wrongdoers, the
bailiffs were called before the bar of
justice. To them Judge Mogan deliv
ered sentence that each must take a
big turkey home, have it properly pre
pared and eat as much of it as the re
mainders of the families could not con
tain on Christmas day. The sentence
was received in silence by the defend
ants.
* • -.- •
Back in Sweden the Henz family is
not on the most peaceable tc-ims with
the Ericksons. That little matter of
Eric discovering America before Chris
topher Columbus ever thought about it
has always been an irritating issue be
tween the tribes. . Accordingly, when
Charles Henz came across Eric Erick-
Bon on Clay street Wednesday night
he sorely battered the son of Eric the
Brave. Henz was before Judge Con-
Ian yesterday on the felony charge of
assault with intent to do great bodily
harm and was instructed' as to his
rights. His victim Is -lying out at the
City and County Hospital, done up In
splints like an Indian baby, with sev-
PERSONAL.
R. Reb*»r, a mining man of Nome.
is at the Grand.
J. M. Waltha.ll. an attorney of Mo
desto, is st the Lick.
L- T. Moulton. a banker of Colusa.
is registered at the Grand.
George T. Nixon, a banker of Win
nemuccr*. is at the Palace. .
Dr. and Mrs. D. H. Ross of Reno
are starinsr at the California.
Dr. and Mrs. E. K. Johnston, who
have been visiting the East, returned
yesterday and have taken apartments
at the Occidnetal.
E. O. MeCormiek, passenger traffic
i manager of the Southern Pacific
Company, has returned from the
East after an absence of several
months.
J. B. Rice, representative of the lo
cal powder companies In Denver, and
one of Stanford University's best
known ;ithletes. arrived in this city
yesterday and is at the California.
ADAMS' Irish Moss Cough Balsam th» »•>.
mare. rua.rari:»*<i cuie. 25c. 50c. DrujslsU. *
TWO MEN ASSAULT AND TRY
TO STEAL A SAILOR'S COIN
There will be a grand minstrel show
participated in by the traveling men,
and they promise to discount anything
in that line ever seen.
W. J. Hynes, Public Administrator
elect, who is connected with the City
of Paris, will lead the "end men" and
will- be assisted by S. O. Hall, J. Ein
stein, W. T. Hobson, E. C. Lambert,
F. B. Wade and W. V. Freeman. H.
Brown will serve as interlocutor and
has a, brand of jokes never before seen
on the market.
Bandleader Charles Cassasa and his
orchestra will furnish the music and
special numbers will be presented by
members of the theatrical companies
playing at the theaters, by members
of the Olympic Club and a choir cf
church singers.
The committee in charge of the bene
fit entertainment consists of Oscar
Boldman, chairman; H. J. Juddell, sec
retary; H. P. Gettleson, treasurer;, Al
Enqulst,' George Borchardt, J. Ij.
ftogers and Charles B. Thompson.
The organization was formed ten
years ago and the members have al
ways entertained their friends annual
ly with a dance and a banquet. This
year the sick list of members has been
a very large one, and for that reason
it was decided to give a public benefit
to raise funds.
The traveling men will certainly give
the public full value for its money,
judging by the programme that has
been prepared for next Wednesday's
entertainment.
The "drummers" that make San
Francisco their headquarters have a
reputation of being "good fellows" and
they are ever ready to respond to a
call for financial assistance.
For the purpose of aiding the treas
ury of the Golden Gate Council of the
United Commercial Travelers, which
has been depleted on account -of nu
merous calls on account of illness of
members, a special benefit performance
will be given at the Alhambra Theater
next Wednesday evening, and it prom
ises to be one of the most successful
of its kind ever given in this city.
The plaintiff in the caso claims that
the money can be recovered by due
process of law under a constitutional
provision, although no consideration
was passed when the margins were
paid.
The v.rit directed the Sheriffs depu
ties to levy on any moneys in the pos
session «f H. A. Morse. W. E. Bains,
John R. Corycjl, John A. Walls and
Joseph Jarne?, stockholders of the Cen
tral Grain and Stock Exchange. The
man who carried the sack of coin was
considerably surprised when the sack
was taken from him by the deputies,
t" ho immediately afterward garnisheed
certain moneys belonging to the con
cern new <>n deposit in the Bank <~>f
California and with th? Union Trust
Company.
It was a busy day fc-r attachments
in the Sheriff's office. One was served
on John Keefe of 110 First street at
the instance of the San Francisco Com
mercial Agency, which lias sued to re
cover the sum of 52762 ''4 for goods fur
nished and delivered.
Another attachment was served by
D. E. Besecker r>n Charles Rollo Peters,
who ha«= beer, sued by th» Kennedy-
Rabjohn Ccmrany for $y67 37 for money
loaned on a promissory note and goods
sold to Peters. The Phrrift* seized two
pictures row on exhibition at the Bo
hemian Club and belonging to Peters.
They are notab!#> works of art — "The
Finch HousV and "Casa Del Mar "—
and are valued at considerably more
than the amount of the attachment.
Still another attachment in the sum
of $1000 was served at the instance of
G. O. Heine against the Ford Motor
< ompany. the objective article being a
motor rar now in the hands of the
S<-uth»rn Pacific Company at its Lag
gage shed.'
¦ The Sheriff's deputies sweoped down
• <n an attache of the Central Grain and
Slock Exchange as he was leaving the
ofner" of thf concern at HO LeidesdorfC
street yesWrday with a bag of coin
slung over his shoulders. The bag con
tained $4000 in twenty-dollar gold pieces
and was levied upon by thp deputies
<>n a writ of attachment on the
stockholders of the exchange at the in
stance of George -Ooettinger. as as-
Bigcee, who has brought suit to re
cover the sum of 53S60 paid to the ex
change <>n margins for the purchase
of various stocks.
The case has not yet been assigned for
trial, but that will probably be done
to-morrow. District Attorney Byington
hopes to have the matter before a jury
early" in January, although it is likely
that the defendant will not be called
to court before his term has expired, on
January 7. Mahony declines to state
what his defense will be further than
to asseverate that so long as he is in
office he. will make his subordinates at
tend to their duttes, which is inter
preted to mean that he may claim to
possess a right to "dock" the salaries
of employes who are negligent.
County Clerk Albert B. Mahony Is
under a J5000 bond to answer the
charge of felony. Accompanied by his
mother and his sister-in-law, Mrs. Har
ry Mahony, the indicted official visited
Presiding Superior Judge Murasky's
court yesterday morning, and the two
women were accepted as his sureties in
the bail suggested by District Attorney
Byington. Then the formality of issu
ing an order of arrest and releasing him
was gone through, and Mahony was
in full enjoyment of the personal lib
erty of which he had not been deprived.
The indictment against Mahony was
returned about 5 o'clock Wednesday
afternoon and presented to Judge Mu
rasky, and at the request of the Dis
trict Attorney the Judge fixed the bail
at $5000. But no warrant was issued,
and, if Mahony had known of his in
dictment and had desired to elude its
consequences he had all night to devote
to fulfillment of that desire. When
questioned on this point 'yesterday
Judge Murasky said that if the Dis
trict Attorney had regarded the case as
"one demanding immediate action he
would probably have asked that a
bench warrant be issued and served as
soon as possible; or he might have done
so if he had known that the morning
newspapers were aware of the indict
ment and intended to publish it.
At any rate the County Clerk's slum
bers Wednesday night were not dis
turbed by any one from the Sheriff's
office under instructions to arrest him.
and he says that the first notification
of his indictment was presented to him
in the columns of the first newspaper
he looked at yesterday morning. Then
he rallied his sureties and hastened to
court.
era*-<broken ribs and other injuries as
a result of the mix-up.
Charles Jones wants to go to the
County~JaiI. For three weeks he has
tangled himself up^with booze, .which
at last etlngeth like an adder. .He
came voluntarily before Judge Caban
iss yesterday and pleaded for confine
ment. The Judge was so astonished at
the request that he nearly fell back
ward on a couple of old women on
the prisoners' bench. "Charles," he
finally managed to remark, "I hardly
know what to do in your case. Unless
you are charged with a crime, I can't
send you to jail. Suppose you visit the
bond and warrant clerk's office and
ask them to Issue a John Doe warrant
on the charge of being drunk in a pub
lio place. Then hand it to the ser
geant of police downstairs and point
yourself out as the man who is want
ed." Jones, went forth in hir quest,
but the bond and warrant clerk re
fused to i«sue the necessary paper.
Jones fp.i-d in his attempt to break
into jail, but some merciful policeman
may accomplish the end desired before
Christmas has waned.
CONTRIBUTES 3IOXEY
TO CONSCIENCE FUXD
Edwin Goodall Voluntarilj Pays a
Fine Because He Killed Too :
Many Ducks.
Deputy Fish Commissioner J. M.
Tungate arrested George Chapman
and Charles Wyman for shooting at
night near San Pedro. They were
taken before Justice Breyton of Long
Beach, where they were convicted and
fined $25 each, which they paid. A.
M. Goodhue was arrested for the same
offense - at Long Beach. His case
comes up for trial on December 28.
Edwin Goodall, a member of the
Teal Shooting Club in Solano Coun
ty, finding that he had killed more
than fifty ducks, went voluntarily be
fore Justice A. F. Hitchcock at Sui
sun, pleaded guilty for exceeding the
bag limit on ducks and contributed
525 to the. "conscience fund." The
Fish Commission hope that Mr. Good
all's good example will make many
converts.
Deputy Fish Commissioners M. L.
Cross and J. C. Ingalls seized six dozen
quail and seventy-five ducks in the
California poultry market, conducted
by Pierre Chige, who will have to an
swer Saturday before Judge Fritz for
offering quail for sale and having
more than fifty ducks in his posses
sion in one calendar day.
Fire Commissioners Meet.
The Fire Commissioners held their
regular meeting yesterday. Chief Sul
livan notified the board that the
Spring Valley Water Company had
twice ignored the recommendations
for a twelve-inch main on Bryant
street, between Fourth and Ninth, in
the mill district, where the present
mains are too small to afford adequate
protection. On recommendation of
the^ Chief Engineer the matter will
be brought to the attention of the
Supervisors.
Captain H. H. Gorter -was granted
a leave of six months to assist in
building the water tower at Los An
geles.
Hereafter all members and em
ployes of the Fire Department who
either sell or assign salary demands
will have charges . brought against
them.
J. Ward was temporarily appointed
drayman at the corporation yard.
Battleship New York willl receive vis
itors to-day from 1 to 5 p. m. O. A. Mc-
Neill Launch Co. will run launches to the
ship from Clay-st. bulkhead. Popular
prices. "
Buswell Dismisses Suit.
The suit for 55000 damages, brought
by S. E. Buswell against J. S. Potts
and J. A. Logan of the World Drug
Company, was dismissed yesterday.
His claim was settled out of court.
Buswell alleged in his complaint that
a certain hair restorer he purchased
from the defendants had. though used
according to directions,- caused him to
become a sufferer from a disease of
the scalp.
Insolvent Formers.
Giovanetti &. Simoni, farmers. Vic
toria Island, filed a petition in insol
vency yesterday in the United States
District Court. They owe J12S2 and
have $500 assets.
Bench Warrant Was Not Is
. sued Until After He Appeared
in Court < and Gave Bond
Two Pictures Belonging to C.
Bollo Peters Levied Upon at
Bohemian Club for a Debt
HE HAD TDIE TO FLEE
A DAY OF ATTACHMENTS
Deputies Serve Writ on Attache
of Central Grain and Stock
Exchange as He Leaves Place
Surrenders Himself Into' Cus
tody and Goes Through
Formality of Being Released*
Claims That Race Track Man Beat and Bruised
Her Without Provocation— Hargreaves of Peta
luma Agrees to Provide in Future for Child"
Local Lodge to Give Minstrel Performance Next
Week at Alhambra Theater to Raise Funds for
Assistance of Its Sick and Disabled Members
CLERK MAHONY
FURNISHES BAIL
SPLENDID BENEFIT PLANNED
BY COMMERCIAL TRAVELERS
MRS. SARAH ROGERS TELLS
OF ASSAULT BY MARSHALL
SHERIFF SEIZES
SACK OF COIN
ORDERS BROKER
TO PAY ALIMONY
Mrs. Inez Harrison Will Re
ceive $150 a Month Pending
Trial of Her Divorce Suit
JUDGE KERRIGAN'S DECREE
Makes Award Despite Charge
That -"Woman AVas Spending
Money on Diamond Earrings
Ines E. Ray Harrison, plaintiff in the
action for divorce brought some weeks
ago against Mahlon C. Harrison, a well
known maritime broker, filed an affi
davit yesterday in which she denied
that she has been spending: money,
since the action was commenced, on
diamond rings and Indian baskets, as
charged by her husband. The affidavit
was filed In connection with proceed
ings for alimony pending the suit.
Judge Kerrigan made an order direct
ing Harrison to pay his wife 5150 a
month. $300 counsel fees and $300 for
her immediate expenses.
Lillian M. Clark.* who was married
to Harry A. Clark in November, 1900.
wants a divorce on the ground of cruel
ty. She dates -her unhappiness from j
July, 1901, when, she says, while she
and her husband were at a garden
party in Bakersfleld, he struck her a
vicious blow In the face, rendering, her
unconscious for three hour3. On sev
eral occasions since then, she alleges,
he has beaten her and called her vll«
and opprobrious names. She wants a
divorce, permission to resume her maid
en name, Pohley. and $75 a month ali
mony.
Interlocutory decrees of divorce were
granted to Alice Benjamin from Louis
Benjamin, a commercial traveler, for
desertion; Archie Lee Sweeney from
Beatrice Sweeney for desertion. Myrtle
M. Smith from Clayton C. Smith for
cruelty and Miriam Bernard from I£en
neth L. Bernard for desertion.
Though Georgina Johnstone succeed
ed In securing a setting aside of her
default In the divorce proceedings
brought against her by James John
stone and thus got a chance to appear
and contest the suit, she did not profit
thtreby. Judge Murasky heard the suit
yesterday and for the second time gave
a decree to Johnstone.
Judge Seawell refused to grant Cella.
Parker a divorce from Julius A. Parker.
She failed to produce evidence show
ing that she was entitled to a decree
on the ground of desertion. f
A suit 'for divorce on the ground of
cruelty was filed by Margaret Nygren
against John E. Nygren.
FIREMEN TO GIVE MATINEE
TO-DAY OF EXCITING SCENES
Big Demand for Seats for Benefit
Necessitates an Extra
Performance.
The members of the Fire Depart
ment have derided to giva a special
matinee to-day at 2 p. m. at the
Grand Opera-house of the benefit pro
gramme which is occupying the the
ater this week in aid of the widows'
and orphans' fund of the firemen.
Owing to the big sale of seats for
the night performances of the thrill
ing fire scenes the committee in
charge of the benefit desires to give
its friends an extra opportunity of
witnessing the work of the firemen
by holding the extra afternoon per
formance.
Chief Sullivan and his men are
deeply gratified at the generous sup
port extended by the public to the
benefit performances, the Grand Op-
era-house having been crowded every t *
night this week and the seats are all
sold for the rest of the evenings of
this week.
Lessee Gets Premises.
The Maison Riche Catering Com
pany, having failed to make an ap
pearance in the action brought by
Lessee Lewis Meyerstein to recover
possession of the premises in which
the concern runs a restaurant. Judg
ment of restitution was rendered yes
terday for the plaintiffs by Judge Mu
rasky. Judgment was also given for
$550 rent, trebled. A five days' stay
of proceedings was granted the de
fendant corporation.
Captain Mclntyre Appeals.
Captain J. B. Mclntyre. late of ths
wrecked ship South Portland, has ap
pealed to Supervising Inspector Ber
mingham from the decision of the
local inspectors revoking: his license
for his conduct on the occasion of the
wreck.
THE. SAN 'FRANCISCO- -CALL', FRIDAY, DECEMBER , 25, .1903.
16
SEE THE PICTURES
JUST WATClF FOR THE
FRONT PAGE
\" OF THE
SUNDAY CALL'S
NEW YEAR EDITION
ADVERTISEMENTS.
? i
\ Oriental Goods
j At Wholesale Prices
? K"» ortr Otxr Satire Extra ria. c«l«
? lecUoa or
? ]>¦•
i AND CURTAINS
! At 25 Per Cent
? ;••-.¦.-
. Sisoocst ?som regular retail pritea.
4 W« are sole &eent» tor
t JOHN CROSSLEY & SON'S
I CELEBRATED ENGLISH CARPETS
jChas. M. Pluin & Co.
• Cor. 9th and Market Sts.
EffEFT£B^Affi^mRRANIED
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jThc Pinnacle B
1 of Perfection I
| has been maintained for if
I lour score years by the j
I ...PIANO... I
I* The exquisite liquid purity I
of its tone and beauty of |
design arouse universal e
emulation. , 8
IPIIDTA7 I
Benj. UUn I ML & Son |
16 OTarreU St., San Princl«co. I
San Jose. Stockton, Alameda, Of
¦ "V rre«no. ' ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WILL BE OPEN UNTIL 12 O'CLOCK TO=DAY.
Turkeys,] ,jp «
OiSCtfvSj SbIih ifl
Geese, j
Navel Oranges - - 25c doz.
Mixed Nuts -- - - 10c Ib.
Fancy Candy - - 25c 2 lbs.
Wjm\ Double Green j|||j "
EH Trading Stampsi|gJ3 :