Sunday Call
Literary Sectionmoral purity and decency. They would have to be pretty big barrels to hold I
all the stuff and nonsense that would prqperly belong in them. First of all
we should have to reserve a big portion of the space within for the gossip,
the slander and the' mean stories that are floating about the community. 1
If instead of being handed from lip to lip the first man to whom they
-are told should, make straight for this moral refuse barrel and dump the |
"truck there, what a saving of time and thought of his fellow citizens he I
would bring about. Or if we could get back of this secondary agency ;
to the man who originated the tale and persuade him before he opens hi3
mouth to any' one to ask himself if the best place for the idle tattle which
he is about to. set going be not the refuse barrel — why, that would be bet
ter yet Most talk of this sort is the fruit of envy or malice, and has
little basis in fact. And if in those rare cases where there is ground for
the story set in motion, the man who gives it circulation may well ask him
self what .is .to 'be gained by spreading the knowledge of the situation
broadcast. He may bte doing a fellow man a grievous wrong, the effects I
of which may blight his whole after life.
SGgS?' MJf.Jik y ¦ N many of our large cities, we are beginning to see
pBi JUii. about railway stations or in. parks or in other public
Iw^ii i^^fe place" barrelson which are painted in large letters these
Whs^.vjJIIIP words: "Throw rubbish here." They, are put there either
|i-jLx<p^K c by the city government or by some private, society or
<*$r\§^ JL^ K an i ze d in behalf of greater beauty and cleanliness. They
i \s. «1 are a we^ come s '8 n of the deepening public interest in
n^ j- matters pertaining to our common life as citizens. ; To be
i sure a great many persons pay no heed to the injunction. r-The presence of
these barrels does not make it unnecessary longer tb"employ street clean
ers. But on the other hand many persons do respect the advice and; in
stead of leaving their egg shells and banana peels to .litter' up, the public
picnic ground, and instead of emptying their pocket's old papers on the
street, they make proper use of these barrels as they "come in their, way.
Thus the habit is established and grows. ,
I sometimes wish there were moral rubbish barrels here and there in
conspicuous places to i exert their silent but potent r influences ' in behalf of
THROW RUBBISH HERE
By The Parson
Scrgl H? P e ? ovlt £ h « thc diplomacyof Russia is the wonder of the world. Reply to this note from the powers
at once. Tell^ them Russia is glad to assure the other enlightened nations of the earth that she has no intention
of seizing Manchuria. Then send a few more warships and regiments over there and tighten things up. wherever
they seem to need it. The great thing about diplomacy is to know when to take advantage of it. When you say
you are coming out, push your way a little further in. The other fellow won't notice it or he'll be so glad to think
your intentions are good and honest that he will let it pass. The diplomat who starts to come out when he says
he will cant draw pay from Ruisia. I think if w e keep up the gait we will Jiav e Manchuria good? and solid for
ever by. the time we gst aoout six more protests. Howl long for them days to come when we can rescue the
poor Chinamen from barbarism and give them good, old, solid Christian civilization." . .
"Why," says Sergius. "are the Chinese a barbarous race?" ¦-. c- -
•— ui durino ',, Nicholas; answers, "butt they are. I've heard it from more than a dozen sources/' .
'Because Sergius tells him, "every Chinaman has to be able to shave the other fellow's head."
Then isicholas has one of the epileptics he is subject to and by the time they get him out of it England's just
had another disagreeable argument with the Mad Mullah and forgot all about the open door. The luckiest thing
that ever happened to Russia is that all the rest of the countries have other troubles. If any citizen and taxpayer
hed the way Russia lies, he wou d get licked so he couldn't walk about the first day he done bizness, and if he
went right ahead and done things hed just. promised not to do, the way Russia does every day in the year they
vouldnt ennybody elserbe on speakin* terms with him. That's where it comes in handy to be a nation instead
of a man. I don t thmk they are goin' to fight over there about Manchuria. *
Yours, for the protection of thc honored heathen, JEFFERSON DOBBS.
~e/^kk^Hkto ULBERRY CENTER, Sept. io.— Is there goin' 'to be war over China or ain't there? Some folks
~%F/Y$i2&fviSj& says yes and some says the last great war has been fought. This is a 'question that ought , to
understood by the whole civilized world. I* will explain it. What nearly everybody wants m
jh/^a^gi^lxChina is the open door. John Bull wants the open door there so he can stand in it and push the
othcr pcople back - Uncle Sam wants the open door and is goin' to have it or a fight if the
/ AYV$^* other boys don't say they are sorry they can't let it be open. Germany ; wants the open door in
•?/// I VNc\ China, .but has a back door at home to watch purty close so as to keep the Frenchmen from
cT I in. Japan wants the open door, too. because the Japs have got so ': they can stack the
cards and beat the Chinamen nearly every time now, so they think it's no more than right to have a chance to set
in the game. , .
Russia's the only one that doesn't want the other foreigners to go over to China and sell the people there a
lot of things they don't want Russia has a warm place -in' her heart for the Chinese. She wants to give the Chinamen
a good, wholesome, civilized government so they can be shot and burned if they don't give up their fool of a reli
gion and believe as the Russians tell them to. The old way of runnin' the government in China makes Russia sad
every time she thinks about it. • - ':¦'.¦'
"Sergius Petrovich," says the Czar to one of his right hand men. "I been thinkin' about. them poor devils of
Chinamen and it makes my hart aik. Think of them bein' about nine hundred and twenty-seven years behind the
times. We ought to do something to help them up in the human scale." . ,
"How would it do to whoop a lot of them up to Siberia," says Serge; "that's purty high."
"No, Sergius Petrovich," says his Majusty, "you don't understand me. I am thinkin' of the way they arc robbed
by their government. They say nearly every official gets a rake-off and don't try to deny it. That's wrong. It
ought to all go to the head of the bizness. If he wants to pass it around after gettin' it that's a different thing.
Have we received any joint protests from the powers to-day?" - ¦ -^\\r" : - ;
"Yes," says Serge, "here's one that says we must give up Manchuria right away."
"When did we get the first note tellin' us to haul up and pull out of Manchuria, Sergius Pctrovitch?"
"I think it was six years ago last December," says Sergius. .
"How many times have England and the rest of them asked us to git out since then?— My! I wish the help
around this pallus wouldn't slam the doors so blamed hard. I thought that was a bomb. Get me the camphor bot
tle and a high ball, Sergius Petrovich. I'm dizzy." '
After while when the Czar's braced up again Sergius says:
"I haven't kept track of how many times they've told us we can't have Manchuria, but I think the average has
been nearly one warning or joint note a month." T V
"Are we enny farther out than we were at the start, Sergius Petrovitch?"
Serge winks and Nicholas says:
THE ORACLE OF
MULBERRY CENTER
By S. E. KISER
NsJ-£ #*™\ . PEAKING of bull-pups that turned out to be terriers,
>S^f\fd naturally calls to mind the case of my old friend Jere-
WiN^yJ^a. miah Simpkins' son. There isn't a solider man in the
** ry~*&(S& Boston leather trade than Jeremiah, nor a bigger scamp
" n ~ f^ TO^^r at aw cant touc h tiian his son Ezra. There isn't
jU-^ -^rT^f^Jl an ounce °* rca l meanness in Ezra's whole body, but he's
g^>S5^|S!§232|P just naturally and unintentionally a maverick. When he
.r^grvfrtTES-^aa^: came but of college his father thought that a few years'
• experience in the hide department of Graham & Co. would be a good thing
for him before he tackled the leather business. So I wrote to send him on
and I would give him a job, supposing, of course, that I was getting a
yearling of the steady, old, reliable Simpkins strain.
I was a little uneasy when Ezra reported, because he didn't just look
as if he had had a call to leather. He was a tall, spare New Englander, with
one of those knobby foreheads which has been pushed out by the over
crowding of. the brain, or bulged by the thickening of the skull, accord
ing as you like or dislike the man. His manners were easy or familiar by
the same standard. He told me right at the start that, while he didn't know
just what he wanted to do. he was dead sure that it wasn't the leather
business. It seemed that he had said the same thing to his father and
that the old man had answered, "Tut, tut," and told him to forget it and
to learn hides. • -
i ' i-impkins learned all that he wanted to know about the oacking industry
in thirty days, and I learned all that I wanted to know about Ezra in the
same time. Pork-packing seemed to be the only thing that he wasn't in
terested in. I got his resignation one day just five minutes before the one
S which I was having written out for him was. ready; for I will do Simpkins
the justice to say. that there was nothing slow about him. He and his father
split up, temporarily, over it, and, of course, it cost me the old man's trade
and friendship. I want to say right here that the easiest way in the world
to make enemies is to hire friends.
I lost sight of Simpkins for a while and then he turned up at the office
one morning as friendly and familiar as ever.- Said he was a reporter and
wanted to interview me oh the December wheat deal. Of course I wouldn't
talk on that, but I gave him a little fatherly advice — told him he would
sleep in a hall bedroom all his life if he didn't quit his foolishness and go
back to his father, though I really didn't believe it. He thanked me and
went off and wrote a column about' what I might have said about December
wheat, and. somehow gave the impression that I had said it.
The next I heard of Simpkins he was dead. The Associated Press dis
' patches announced it, the Cuban Junta confirmed it, and last of -all. a long
dispatch. from Simpkins himself detailed the circumstances leading up to the
"atrocity," as the headlines in his paper called it.
I got a long wire from Ezra's father asking me to see . the managing
editor and get all the facts for him. It seemed that the paper had thought a
heap of Simpkins and that he had been sent out to Cuba as a correspondent
and stationed with the Insurgent army. Simpkins in Cuba had evidently
lived up to the reputation of Simpkins in Chicago. When there was any
From "Letters from a Self-Made Merchant to His 8on" by Oeorg e Horace Lorteer.
By Permission of Small, Maynard & Co., Publishers, Boston, Mass.
news he sent it, and when there wasn't he just made news and sent that
along. f .r . .
. The first word of his death had come in his own letter, brought across
on a filibustering steamer and wired on from Jacksonville. It told, with
close attention to detail— something he had learned since he left mo— how he
had strayed away from the little band of insurgents with which he had beta
out scouting, and, had blundered into the Spanish lines. He had been
promptly made a prisoner, and despite his papers proving his American citi
zenship, and the nature of his job. and the red cross on his sleeve, he had
been tried by drumhead court martial and sentenced to be shot at dawn.
All this he had written out, and then, that his account might be complete,
he had gone on and imagined his own execution. This was written in a
sort of pigeon, or perhaps you would call it black Spanish. English, and let
on to be the work of the eye-witness to .< whom Simpkins had confided
his letter. He had been the sentry over the prisoner, and for a small bribe
in hand and the promise of a larger one from the paper, he had turned his
back on Simpkins while he wrote out the story, and afterward had deserted
and carried it to the Cuban lines. '--^y
» The account ended: "Then, as the order of fire was given by the lieu
tenant, Senor Simpkins raised his eyes toward Heaven and cried: 'I pro
test in the name of my American, citizenship I"* ¦ At the end of the letter,
and not intended for publication, was scrawled: "This is a bully scoop for
you. boys, but it's pretty tough on me. Good-bye, Simpkins."
The managing editor dashed a tear from his eye as he read this to
me, and gulped a little as he said: "I can't help it; he was neh a
d d thoughtful boy. Why, he even remembered to inclose descriptions
for the pictures!"
Simpkins' last story covered the whole of the front page and thret
columns of the second, and it just naturally sold cords of papers.- His edi
tor demanded that the State Department take it up, though the Spaniards
denied the execution or any previous knowledge of any such person as this
Senor Simpkins. That made another page in the paper, of course, and then
they got up a memorial service which was good for three columns. One of
these fellows that you can find in every office, who goes around and makes
the boys give up their lunch money to buy flowers for the deceased aunt
of the cellar boss* wife, managed to collect twenty dollars among our clerks,
and they sent a floral notebook, with "Gone to Press," done in blue immor
telles on the cover, as their "tribute."
I put on a plug hat and attended the service out of respect for his father.
But I had hardly got back to the office before I received a wire from Ja
maica reading: "Cable your correspondent here let me have hundred. No
tify father all hunk. Keep it dark from others.- Simpkins."
I kept it dark and Ezra came back to life by easy stages and in such
a way as not to attract any special attention to himself. He managed to
get the impression around that he'd been snatched from the jaws of death
by a rescue party at the last moment. The last I heard of him he was in
New York and drawing ten thousand a year, which was more than he could
have worked up to in the leather' business in a century.
THE STORY OF A "SCOUP"
By Old John Gorgon Graham
Be kind and attentive to some rich
old fool, and people will call you a
mercenary wretch. _
? ? ' ** ':
Be tactful, and people will wondtf
what you a^e driving at.
Be successful and people will say
you're putting on airs and your head
needs manicuring or any old thing.
Treat your friends, and if you fret
down in the world people will jay
you deserve exactly what you got.
Be talkative, and they will critidxe
you.
• * •
Be attractive, and women will be
jealous, and seemingly wonder what
men can see in you.
• • ?
Be independent, and people will say
you put on airs.
• * *
Be ead, and everybody will avoid you
as being so depressing.
Be candid, and your friends will call you ill-bred,
Be pious, and people will call you a hypocrite.
Be virtuous, and your friends will be sutDldoua^.
Be quiet, tad people will think you
are fr«*^Mwg mischief.
• • ?
Be economical, and people will 'say. you are too stingy to live.
• * *
Be philosophical, and people will call you a regular old fool. ,
• * *
Mind your own business and people will call you "so mysterious."
• * • ?
Be chic and stylish, and your friends will wonder who pays your bills-
Be silent, and people will mistake it for wisdom.
\/V %f MOVE robs you. Labor enriches you.
V }y ' wwSEk e K enerou8 » an<^ if vou keep out of the poorhouse
i)y>^ lO^S 3'ou'll be blooming lucky.
arffiHffi^Jl h w? Be Rood, anJ you'll bore every one till they feel like
Be confidential, and people will call you the worst old Rossip that ever
Its a queer old world of folly, and 'sin,
Where fool* step in and often win—
Where wiser folks such failures are,
'Twould . seem the fool were wiser far.
The wise one stops too lonjj to think—
The fool, he gives a knowing wink.
And rushes in to win the prize—
The wise one wakes to rub his eyes.
And wonders . why such fools as he
Could get ahead of such as me —
Which proves that hustie versus mind
Is where the fool's not left behind—
So comfort take and rush right in.
For fools oft hare a chance to win.
¦ ;• .'. • . ; ? ¦
¦ -: ' . If you want : to
. cool off a lover,
ridicule him . or his
.friends./-,
.•••; :*¦¦-*.;
Never gush over
a man when he's
tired or hungry.
It is not i the
things that we
have, but it is the
things that we
. have, not; that keep
¦ us 'on the anxious
V bench. V:
• ; : ;: !c r.-,*-. ¦ *¦/¦;• .-: t - 1
I . r The ¦ man , ' who
t ; never kicks .often
— vr- stands still tb% be
kicked. :*'
» Never think yourself indispensa
ble. It is surprising what wretched
memories people have when it : comes
to the question of forgetting those who
have favored them. ; •
Be unconventional, people will
wonder if you are better, or worse than
you seem. ' ¦¦•*"'* ¦:•:¦'. ; ' ¦¦'¦. ¦
• • ¦ • - k:-::-, ¦' ¦
Speak kindly of other*, and people
will iay "You Judge as you want to
be Judged."
Get into trouble, and every one will
«*y. 'T told you •*?-.><¦ V
A woman always judges another .woman by her clothes. A badly tail
ored woman is found guilty every ti me . : ¦ :.
« • ? ''••. * ¦; :¦ - i
Be cautious, and people will say, » you are .no better than you ought
to be. . ' ¦ '•-
* *¦ * ::: - ¦!- V •_ v :
Be jolly, and people will dub you u "Swift,"
Be honest, and your friends will call you rude
... ¦? . . * ¦.•;'•¦
Be dignified, and people will call you uppish. '
Be sincere, and people wiU be, sure you have an ax to grind.
Be cold and stately, and people will wonder if you are a victim bjPre
i morse. - ¦ .- .. . •--.....¦ ¦. ¦ ¦ . •
If iou Ret into hard luck, don't be surprised If your friends are af
flicted with a loss of memory. ¦¦¦¦ -• << ,.
? '_ ? •.-¦ *;.?• ... ,/¦¦"¦' '-¦ - ... o';.- -¦
A jackass with a megaphone •attachment is an awful combination.
Wear diamonds, and your friends will ruin your reputation by wondering
(out lo"d) how you got them.
¦ m : ¦ * * * ¦¦¦ • ' ' •'••' •
ME-OWS OF A KITTY
*HE SUNDAY CALIj.
2No person is allowed to ride free oa
trains except as specially provided for.
For instance, in Nevada and Arizona ths
Southern Pacific Company allows In
dians to ride on freight trains as muca
as they like. There are many reasons
why this Is allowed, among them betas
that the Indians are good track walkers
and, faithfully report any damage to tha
rails when they discover them. Old
Johnson Sides, chief of the Plutes In Ne
vada, has been a friend of railroad men
ever since the Central Pacific was built.
In early days the Ptutes rendered inval
uable service to the railroad company by
informing them of washouts in winter
and helping to extinguish prairie fires ia
summer. SIDNEY P. ROBERTSON.
In order to protect themselves against
damage suits arising from accidents the
railroad company's rules are very strin
gent. No company will employ minors oa
train or yard service unless the minora
secure the written consent of their pa
rents or guardians. This Is done because
of the danger of the work. In like man
ner no person Is employed who has not
been rigidly examined by a physician of
the company to discover any defect* In
the sense of hearing, sight or color per
ception of the applicant. Many young
men are rejected on this account.
The explosion of two not more than
200 feet apart is a signal to reduce speed
and look out for a stop steal.
railroad crossings at grade.
A succession of short sounds of th«
whistle Is a warning to persons or cat
tle on the track that there la danger
ahead. It also brings the trainmen ta
attention.
The explosion of one torpedo la a sig
nal to stop.
means that the train is going u> back
up and you had better climb aboard.
Foot short blasts means that the en
gineer wants information. He is attract
ing the attention of the conductor to get
a signal repeated or wants the semaphore
dropped at the roundhouse.
Everybody has heard two long blasts,
followed by two short blasts, which in
the code reads thus: — — 0 0. This
is when a train is approaching a public
crossing and. is a warning to teams to
look lively and get across the track.
Two lortg blasts (in the code thus )
Is the ' sound . given when a tram Is ap
proaching stations and junctions and
other words, can ten to a minimum om(
by taking an average of tho dicks as th*
train runs over a few rails.
When you are seated in a train and
you hear four long blasts don't get
alarmed, it is only the engineer calling
in the flagman from the west, while five
long blasts calls him from the east.
When a train is parted and the en
gineer becomes aware of it he immedi
ately gives three long blasts. He repeats
this signal again and again until answered
by the train crew by a lamp signal, in
dicating that they are also aware of what
When an engineer sounds two • snort
blasts (0 0) It practically means "Yes" :
in answer to any signal that the con
ductor may give.
When a train is standing still and yon
hear three short blasts " thus (0 0 0) it
DID you . «ver travel oa a dark
stormy night. In the very midst
cf the accident season, when the
train came to a sudden stop with
an awful v. renching and lurching
and screeching of air brakes, and won
der, as you gased apprehensively through
the dripping windows, why you were thus
detained miles and miles from nowhere,
and why the brakeman you had seen pass
ing and repasslng through the car with a
lighted lantern under his arm was stand
ing; out In the rain swinging It In all sorts
cf fancy genuflections, instead of taking
that empty seat at the back of the car and
making himself comfortable, as every one
else was doing?
And when In answer to those self-same
lantern calisthenics the train began to be
have outrageously. , did you. ever try to
puzzle out the meaning of It all? For of
course there la a meaning, and a very dell
nit© meaning at ,that- In fact, your very
life depends upon the precise and proper !
<Jip or curve of that funny little pot-bel
lied lantern, for Its slightest fillip is regu
lated by a code ofrules,' a" code so strict
that none may deviate In even the slight
est decree frcm the letter and law of
them, and withal a code that means vol
umes to those who understand It.- This
code is the easiest thing in the world to
master, when once you are given the key
to it. Every railroad employe is obliged
to know it thoroughly, but except for
these the railroad magnates sedulously
guard the signals from the great public
et large, so that this page is of special
value, net alone because it gives you the
very latest Information regarding the op
eration of a train, but because "it is infor
mation not easilv gained.
Of course every one who travels gets a
fair smattering of the rules and regula
tions that govern a great railroad, but
with a slight study on the subject they
can become conversant with every signal
that the conductor gives with his lantern
or with every jerk he gives ort the bell
cord. The shrill whistle of the locomotive
Is now only sounded in strict accordance
with a code of signals a:;d when a train
Is racing along across the continent it Is
in this way that the conductor and the
engineer keep in touch with each other.
In fact in this way they frequently carry
en abbreviated conversations.
With the exception of a few trunk lines
operating between Chicago and New York
all railroads in the United States have
identically the Fame cede of signals. They
are issued in book form and every em
ploye connected with the operative de
partment Is given a revised edition once
a year.
In reference to engine whistles the en
gineer has to be most careful that he
makes them distinct, wi*h intensity and
duration proportionate to the distance
that the signal is conveyed. Like the
Mcrse telegraph code the signals are con
veyed with long and short dots and
dashes
For instance, *'O" stands for phort
sounds and *" — " for longer sounds. When
an engineer gives a short blast. "O." thus,
it means stop. The brakeman knows he
must immediately apply the brakes.
Two long blasts, " ," thus, means
"release brakes."
One long blast. " ." and then three
short ones mean "flagman, go back and
protect rear end of train." This signal Is
generally given the moment the train
pulls up at some point not down on the
schedule.
The code of hand, flag and lamp sig
nals are thus:
When a conductor swings his lantern
across like In figure (a) a is a signal to
stop.
Raised and lowered as in figure (b) it
means proceed.
Swung vertically In a circle across the
track when the train Is standing as In
figure (c) the signal means back.
Swung vertically In a circle at arm's
length across the track when the train
Is running as In figure (d) the train has
parted
Swung horizontally In a circle as de
noted in figure (e) means apply air
brakes.
A lantern held at arm's length above
the bead when the train la standing as In
figure (f) means release air brakes.
As every one knows flags are used In
the daytime and lanterns at night, red
means stop, gTeen proceed, yellow pro
ceed with caution, green and white flag
stop. A blue flag by day or a blue light
by night means to an engineer that
workmen are about and to be cautious.
"Watches of train crews are examined
by Inspectors every night, for which they
receive a certificate, which is filed with
the superintendent of the division. Be
fore a train pulls out the conductor of
the train and the engineer must compare
time by their watches.
Possibly you have noticed flags placed
on the front part of a locomotive; you
have eeen them there, but do not know
what they mean. Two white flags placed
in front of an engine means that It is an
extra train. Besides the two white nags
two white lanterns are placed on the en
gine at night. This Is ?" ~wn in figures
1 and 2.
Two green flags on the engine running
forward by day means that there Is an
other section following behind and to
look out for it.
At night two preen lanterns are also
placed on the engine. This Is shown in
designs herewith.
Two green flags on the upper part of
the structure of the engine and two down
below near the cowcatcher, when an en
gine is running backward without cars,
or at the rear of a train pushing cars,
mean there is another section following.
At night the same meaning is signaled
by two green lights on top and two red
lights below.
The two green flags you see at the rear
end of a coach are there simply to show
the end or the base of the train.
At night two green lanterns are bung
out when the train Is running, and two
red lights when the train Is standing still,
as in figures herewith.
TR» headlight of an engine la displayed
to the front of the train by night, but is
always concealed by the engineer draw
ing a shade over it when a train turns
out to meet another and has stopped
clear of the main track or is standing to
meet trains at the end of & double track
or at a Junction.
The average trainman of any experi
ence, whether conductor or brakeman,
can tell the speed of the train by the
click of the wheels on the rails, or. in
THE TRAINMEN'S
CODE
THE SUNDAY CALL.
3
Literary Furor?
Well Rather!
E.W.TOWNSEND
the Famous
Author of
Chimmie Fadden
Will Make His
Debut as a
Writer for
&£>e Sunday Call
Next Sunday,FOSDECK'S NEMESIS
fancy she doesn't dream her plans have
merely succeeded ln setting us conspiring
to defeat her schemes. I'm almost sorry
for her."
"She's bo terribly tn earnest about It."
said the girl. "Every time she makes
those idiotic excuses and leaves us I
think I'll speak my mind plainly to her.
Then I go upstairs simply boiling, and
Bhe meets me with such a bless-you-my
chlld-dldn't-I-flx-lt-beautlfully sort of air
that I haven't tha heart to Bay a word.
Now," she said rising. "I shall leave you,
for you want to be alone and finish your
smoke."
"Really. Miss Martin." he began.
"Now, don't spoil Jt all by saying
things which are generally expected at
such a time," she said. "I like you best
when you're perfectly frank."
"I wish you wouldn't go." he persisted.
"I want a promise from you before I
leave," she said. -"Don't go down ln your
catboat to-morrow to the picnic on Pop
lar Island with the fleet, will you?"
"Why?" he asked.
"It's high time we were taking the field
against Aunt Elizabeth. She counted on
our sailing down with you. I told her you
weren't going."
"And you're going back day after to
morrow," he said almost reproachfully.
"You must back my word." she said.
If it amounts to that I won't go," he
answered.
"Thanks. Good-night," she called and
was gone.
Fosdeck strode down the walk toward
the water. He was thinking of the girl
as she stood there on the veranda, the
moonlight on her copper-colored hair and
her dark eyes looking frankly Into his
own. Half way down to the water he
stopped suddenly and dug his too vicious
ly into the gravel.
"Oh. hang Aunt Elizabeth." he growled.
Fosdeck watched the fleet depart for
the island next morning, with them Miss
Martin and her aunt. He spent a miser
able day wandering about the woods be
hind the hotel. Late In the afternoon he
took the catboat and sailed down past
the island, where he eaw the fleet an
chored, and caught a glimpse of the
merry picnic party on the shore. Then
he sailed southward, and not until he
saw the fleet start for home did he turn
about to come back.
As he neared Poplar Island he saw
some one fluttering a handkerchief from
the pier. He ran ashore to find Aunt
Elizabeth asd Mlsa Martin on tho pier
head.
"This Is rare rood fortune," Aunt
Elizabeth said Ingenuously, as tnay came
aboard. Presently she found an excuse
to go below.
"Oh, what made you sail down past
here." said the girl, when they were
alone. "Aunt Elizabeth recognized tha
boat by a queer pennant you fly. O£
course, ihen she contrived to hava us
left behind when the fleet sailed back,
and signaled you when you cam» along."
"Poor soul, I wanted to give her one
more chance," he returned.
"Let's go outside going back." sha sug
gested. "It'll be rough out there la tils
wind."
"Tour aunt," he began doubtfully.
what she deserves." she said
grimly.
They went outside the chain of Islands
Into tho strong breeze and rough water.
Salt spray flew over tha bow ln bucket
fuls as they sped along, lliaa Martin sat
on the edge of the cockpit, her hair in
fine disarray ln the wind and hex eyes
shining.
"Isn't this glorious?" she said. "I'm
almost grateful to Aunt Elizabeth for
once."
One little hand grasped the rail near
the wheel. Fosdeck watched It hungrily
and suddenly decided tha wheel needed
but one of his own brown hands. The
other closed over the littla hand on. the
rail. She looked up in surprise, but made
no attempt to withdraw it
"If Aunt Elizabeth hadn't preached yon
to ma on all conceivable occasions I'd
propose," he said. Ma voice husky w!ta
emotion.
"If Aunt Elizabeth hadn't thrown me
at your head I'd accept you." aba re
turned.
"Let's call Aunt Ellzabeta nil," ha
cried.
"Let's," she replied rery softly.
His free arm drew her gently from th«
rail and close beside Mm. and at that mo
ment some ona cama up through tha
companlonway. Aunt Elizabeth stood be
fore them clutching tho little brass rail.
very white and shaky; but even la that
moment of physical anguish she beamed
upon them triumphantly as one who +*••
fought a good fight
"Ah. I knew it from tho vary first,"
she said weakly. • -' , •
"Last winter." he said Blowly, "when
your Aunt Elizabeth was preaching you
to me all the time I decided if I ever
met you to dislike you very much."
"I'm glad, after all, it hasn't made us
enemies," she said.
"So am I," he asserted, with a fervor
that made her glance up at him quickly.
"Poor Aunt Elizabeth!" he went on, "I
"A trifle chilly, though, Gertrude, dear,"
her aunt said. "If you'll both excuse ma
for a moment, I think I'll get a wrap."
"Shan't I get it for you, Mrs. Curtis,"
said Fosdeck.
"Oh. thank you, no," Aunt Elizabetft
returned. "I really don't know where
mine id. and I anticipate quite a hunt
before I finally run it to earth."
As Aunt Elizabeth disappeared around
the corner the girl sighed resignedly.
"Oh, dear," she said, "it's too absurd.
She invariably stampedes within three
minutes after you appear, and her mo
tive is so horribly obvious."
Fosdeck laughed. "Her methods are
a trifle open," he observed.
"I wanted you to hate me," she said.
"Ah, not dancing, I see," eald Fosdeck,
throwing away- tha newly lighted cigar
ette — with what inward thoughts may be
imagined— and taking the vacant chair by
Miss Martin.
"No," said the girl; "it's so delightful
here."
William Fosdeck Stepped through the
low window to the veranda with a sigh
of relief and a sense of duty done.
As he turned the earner to claim his
favorite nook some one called: "Oh, good
evening, Mr. Fosdeck."
He turned and beheld 'Gertrude Martin
and her aunt ln the shadow of the ivy
vine. It . was Aunt Elizabeth who had
hailed him.
(Copyright, 1903, by T. C. McClure.)
JF i|i id^ HE orchestra leader
V. m -f4jM7~/ waved his baton, en
•^^jffiMWK er ee«cally. as if
VsS.V^Wl^ summoning his
*^3^^^Iw dro °P ln «" charges to
*~^^WMm*r »P urt ln th8 last
K \L * Quarter. Then, with
\ * V. a flnaJ roar « ln w bich
' f \ -^\ drums and cymbals
strove to outdo each other, the waits
came to.an end, while the perspiring- mu
sicians mopped their faces and cursed ln
guttural German these Wednesday night
hops.
By Cyrus DericKscm.
BIOGRAPHIES WANTED
By Nicholas Nemo.
FABLES FOR THE FOOLISH
\L/ ><2\ i»/P HEN Alfred was
captured in the
(JJSIJs^JJ^^^r^^ Missouri jungles and
\\fX fv^VVj^'^*' brought Into the
v(C I i® J > '^~^? settlements he was
Mp^-fcj ¦¦ t£^> about tne best lml "
y(U& Xt'-A tation of & rough
\£2zL. £{•,] -*c^55r diamond that ever
. - ' came out of the tall
grass. He v as a child of nature and he
ifloried in It. His hair was cut a la Jo
fcann Most and his trousers had never
even Been his shoes, to say nothing of
having met them. His hat was of the
etanfiard soap-dish variety and his manly
throat was innocent of the clinging em
brace of a necktie.
Alfred had been shaken out of his na
tive tree by a philanthropist from the ef
fete East with a taste for collecting flint
arrowheads and other relics of the stone
ege; Alfred appearing to have all the ear
marks of a rough diamond, be had bid
fclra In along with the lot and taken him
East to have a little extract of culture In
jected Into him. After his hair had been
carefully manicured and a fifteen-dollar
cult of clothes had been hung on him he
was turned over to a dignified gentleman
¦with a black tie and a string of degrees
that looked like a hemorrhage of the al
phabet who was expected to chloroform
him and rub down some of the rough
places A bis Intellect
This was Alfred's first round with
the higher education tor which he
thirsted; we are led to believe that
thirst Is a necessary element In the
aforesaid higher education, at least in
the German kulturfests. Aside frcm
the thirst which he seemed to have in
herited along with his dislike of bath
tubs and other appurtenances of civil
ization, Alfred took to the culture-prop
osition about as kindly as a Governor
of Kentucky to undiluted spring water.
By degrees, however, ne came to see
the value of education. When the gen
tleman who presided over his intellec
tual destinies and made out the bills
pointed out to him that true greatness
was obtained only at the cost of much
cerebral perspiration; that no man could
wear a dress suit properly unless he
had a college diploma or was a waiter
in a German restaurant; that even the
President of the United States, the
chairman of the executive committee
of the steel trust, the gentleman who
mowed the lawn and shoveled the fam
ily Jewelry Into the furnace, and other
pillars of society were college gradu
ates; when the chief culture juggler
Indicated these things to him Alfred
gathered himself together and decided
that he would take a small portion of
the higher education on the half shell
even If It did do violence to all the tra
ditions of his ancestors.
After a sojourn of rour or five years
at the institution' presided oyer by the
gentleman with the black tie and the
monopoly of the alphabet Alfred was
There wasn't a feeling of brotherly love
between Silas and Reuben. Both wanted
to "run things," and naturally that
brought about a clash. Silas had some
thoughts of running for County Super -
of Silas Bebee, and Bat down to a boiled
dinner with him, and afterward held a
long and Interesting conversation. Mr.
Graves, as the stranger gave his name,
was one of tha partners In a big publish
ing house which made a specialty of pub
lishing the biographies of the old and
eminent families of America. The name
of Bebee, as he had discovered by long
and patient research, dated back to tha
year 90$ and had been , borne by princes,
dukes, counts, barons, poets and soldiers.
What Mr. Graves wanted was to bring
the Bebee biography down to Silas, and
let the world know that the family was
still on tap and as eminent as In days
of yore. The biography and the portrait
would be free, but in order to cover the
cost of the glue and the stitching Silas
would have to come down with J25 in
cash.
"I . don't think I'll trade," was tha re
ply when the caller had stated his case.
Mr. Graves seemed to have prepared
himself for Just such an answer, and he
turned away with:.
"Very well, i Mr.- Bebee. As you are tha
most prominent of the family I naturally
came to you first, but as you don't care
for the honors I shall go to Reuben. I
think he will jump at the opportunity,
being as he wants to be elected County
Supervisor next year. Good-day, Mr/. Be
bee." ' ¦ - ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ • ¦ '
Accordingly his discoverer launched him
into the glad wild swirl of college life
There for four long happy years he lived
the Joyous, care-free life that all old men
like to look back to and tell harmless lies
about. There he learned many new meth
ods of Imparting the proper shade to a
meerschaum pipe, how to make a welsh
rarebit with a handful of cheese,' a bottle
of dandruff cure and three bottles of beer
and also how to pass a hard examina
tion without revealing the unfathomable
depths of '"his Ignorance. The last Is the
real art of college life that is never for
gotten by those who have once acquired
It Greek comes and goes, Latin rises
and sets, mathematics has its perihelion
and Its aphelion, but the ancient and hon-
declared to be ( ready for college, in
addition to a speaking acquaintance
with polite literature — not to mention
the impolite variety on tap at the vil
lage barber shop — he could smoke a
bull-dog pipe and select his own clothes
without doing serious damage to the
regulations of the Board of Health. But
this was only the beginning. He had
been made aware by the few glimpses
he had had of the young men who were
favoring the colleges of the land with
their occasional presence that there
were a great many different kinds of
slang that he was not familiar with,
as well as a number of weird and as
sorted brands of trousers. . Clearly his
education was far from complete as
long as these heights still loomed above
him unattained. He „ thirsted for still
more culture and other thtngs too num
erous to mention.
he could not have 'told him from Ward
McAllister, Harry Lehr or any other
bright and shining example to his kind.
The four years came to an end at last,
as everything does except trouble, and
Alfred was turned loose on an Innocent
and unsuspecting world, wrapped in his
diploma and an air of grand and unsubdu
able magnificence. ', He was educated— oh.
no doubt about it He knew exactly what
kind of tie to wear In the morning and
the exact variety of trousers that should
gladden the world in the afternoon. He
could wear a Prince Albert as one to the
manner born, nnd he was an expert wit
ness on the subject" of hats. Also, he had
a large acquaintance among the chorus
girls of half the theaters in town, and he
could order a dinner for four at the
Walledorff-Castoria without ever letting
the waiter susoect that In his early youth
he had orushed . his hair with a curry
comb and performed his morning ablu
tions in & tin pall. Running an automo
bile was as easy to Mm as running in debt
is to the average man, and he could pick
the winner at least once out of twenty
neven times In the Gravesend Embezzlers
*Th? dark secret of" Ms birth
forever buried In the recesses of Ms -own
bosom and no one could have told from
the way he spent money that he had been
born west of Hackensack. His education
was complete and he was fully as useless
as though his name had been hyphenated
from his iblrth. Alfred's meteoric career
is merely another example of the grand
truth that knowledge is not only power,
but an excellent preparation for the re
moval of disfiguring birthmarks.^ ¦¦
. (Copyright, 1903. by Albert Brltt.)
orablo art of cribbing passes not away.
Alfred's alleged benefactor had of ten told
him tnat he sent him to college to learn
how to work: and he did work— every one
in sight, up to and Including the afore
said alleged benefactor.
If any wanderer from his native wilds
had met him at this stage of his career
"Resolved. That while the Bebees date
back to the year 900, this year of 1900 saw
the whole durn caboodle making fools of
themselves without reason or excuse and
we won't do It again t"
"By gum, but I always knowed BUas
Bebee was a sneak, asd now it's proved.
Ha wants folks to think he's the big Be
bee. does heT Wants the world to bellove
that all tha ether Bebees stand around
and look at Mm with their mouths open?
"Wail, m bust «p his little circus for
him,"
The rest was easy, of course. There
was Salathlel, his wife and two sons and
two daughters, and all had to go into
that book regardless of Bpace or cost mT
Graves was not an Impetuous man. and
he took his time writing out his notes and
managed to got five days' free board and
lodgings. Then he departed to "work"
Moses. Abraham. Joab, Peter, Paul and
several other Bebees. securing victims in
each and every family, and In one in
stance taking in everything f rom the
grandmother down to the infant In the
cradle. He put ta a full month at hla
work, and ha had the best bads and the
best meals. After his coming the Bebees
no longer neighbored, and they passed
each other with their heads held high and
their noses turned up. In one or two cases
tha young men cama to blows, and law
suits were started over old matters.
Things were edging alon* toward a griev
ous state of affairs when Mr. Graves and
his notes and his money departed, and
three day* later a detective arrived In
¦ef«h of Mm jid exposed him as a
swindler. Tha Bebees didn't want t» and
couldn't believe It at first but the evi
dence submitted was too strong for them
to stand against, and after a due amount
of weeping and walling and swearing a
meeting of all tha families was held and
it was unanimously
course, and than he headed for the house
of Reuben. It was understood that he
must call there to ask Reubea Ma exact
age, but he must not go beyond that.
Reuben was la the corn field with his
hoe, and he leaned against the fenoe and
heard what the publisher had to say and
then replied:
_>—" —^v EBEE . Settlement
V M/Kk\\\ was bo called be-
/i R cause bo many
jf^^? la^ai'v^J larmcra of that
v^#fr|^ Phvl name, and all re
4™\$&s v$$t\\ lated> had Bettled
fSy&ZjfpJ f&FZ/l 'there. It was at
*2r^»v^ peace with all
T' <T4 mankind, -and th«
t ayners hoeing their corn, when some
thing like a cloudburst happened.
A stranger arrived- at the house
"Well, very seldom." was tha reply.
"I believe they hava mentioned Cleo
patra and ona or two others, but those
were exceptional cases. Still, as your
wife says — "
The result was that Mrs. Silas Bebaa
was given three pages and a portrait
in the book, all for the sum of $3 cash
In advance, and the clock had struck
midnight before she got through telling
how often she had had rheumatism, hys
terics and . bronchitis, and how many
yards of rag carpet and barrels of roft
soap she had made during her married
life. There was a 'son In the family
named Joe. Ha had nothing to say that
evening, but ha got up next morning to
claim his rights. As the son of Bebee.
and tho biggest Bebee of them all, he
wanted to be known or men, and It was
finally decided that he should have two
pages and a portrait for five dollars. It
was dog cheap, and Mr. Graves would
lose money on It. but he had started out
to see the Bebee family through and
must do it even if he went broke. It
took him three days to get through with
tha family, during which he had free
visor himself, and It was news to him,
and news he did not like, that Reuben
was planning to mix In. - Ha did some
rapid thinking. Mr. Graves had not
climbed Into his buggy when ha was
called back and a bargain concluded. Tha
rest of the afternoon and all tha evening
was spent In listening to Silas Bebea's
history, covering a period of some fifty
six years. Mr. Graves made copious
notes. and nodded. his head from time to
time, and all went well with the story.
Bedtime had coma, and Sllaa had given
In sufficient matter for his tan pages,
when his wife, who had all along been
doing a heap of thinking, rose up and In
quired :
"Silas, am I to ba left out of this
thing as If I didn't amount to shucksT
'If I haven't helped you to be tha biggest
toad in the puddle, who has?"
"They never say anything In books
about big women, do they?" he asked of
Mr. Graves.
He honestly believed himself in love, and
truly felt for her a tender fondness that
had begun when, a sturdy little lad, he
had guided her tottering baby steps. He
meant always to guide, guard and cher
ish her as became a gentleman, even
tion in putting the ring upon her finger
end even chafed a little over the fact
that, by her father's express desire, she
was to stay single until ehe was one and
twenty.
pretty girl into an rifland queen. Millie
was. you see, a Spanish blonde, with vel
vet-dark eyfs and hair of the palest gold.
Email wonder— in the blue gown — she
swept John Eustace oft his feet and made
him forgtt some things he ought to have
remembered.
His betrothed, Alice Ellison, for exam
ple. Alice was as good as her plentiful
gold, but f tubby, dull colored, and. on the
surface, Cull witted. Ehe was above all
things, dutiful. Duty was. Indeed, the
early root of her love for John. If she
had not han>*.ned \o be born the Ellison
fortune would have gone to John's father,
Ellison Eustace. Her father had married
•In a fit of pique when he was on the edge
'of 70. He lived to see his daughter 9
years old and to impress upon her that
ehe must marry her second cousin and so
keep the money In the Ellison blood.
John, five years older than Alice, had
accepted his fate philosophically. Until
chance Rung Millie across his path he
had never repined. An only child and
motherless, he had grown up his father's
Intimate comrade. Thus women, especial
ly young women, had never worn for him
the roseate glamour of unschooled youth.
Etlll. his father had by no means tried
to put an old head upon young shoulders,
nor to breed in his son contempt for wom
enklnd. It was only that love and wom
en were pushed to the background, reck
oned mere episodes beside the rush and
ecurry cf truly manly pursuits. Mar
riage was honorable in all men— marriage
¦with Alice v.-ould be thrice honorable,
cafe and profitable. Thus, when she
came to IS. John had a certain satisfac-
Copyright, 1903, by T. C. McClure.)
r *__— V—^t F Millie had not worn
fft£sEm^S?f h" *>!«• sown tha
ilu&R«5?u£ff story might have been
Is^'S&S j different Whether it
'"F'^F jV^' I *as the color or the
5T v G*5i^3 £\ I *V-rr of it, or the way
[ t§&^Jjafeffii j It clung to and molded
£gg£asnESK{$E<^M her film suppleness, no
bofly cou'.d ssy. but the fact was patent,
•cnehow it trasiformed her from a very
tare. Beside It was a briefer statement!
"Let It ba understood of all men, if I die*
I shall have died In' a man's quarrel.
founded on no personal grudge, but re
senting unjust asperilons upon my native
State." She almost smiled over It — tha
native State counted to Joe for so very
little in the ordinary course of life.
Twenty minutes later. Just as the sun
peeped over rimmlnjr trees, she came out
In a llttla clearing upon a wooded hilltop
and saw two men. standing weapon In
band, face to face, ten yards apart. Threa
other men. a little way off, had scared
white faces, but neither combatant had
lost wholesome color. Millie sprang be
tween them, white as a dawn wraith, but
with eyes like glowing coals. She flung
up her arms and «ald very clearly: "Fire,
gentlemenl If anybody deserves death I
do!"
"Millie! Go back!" Joe Cantrell thun
dered. Eustaca dropped his pistol and
leaped to tha girl's Bide. In her ear ha
whlspereu brokenly: "Darling, let him
kill me; It Is the best way out of it all."
Millie shrank from him a little. There
is no need for bloodshed." she said; then
raising her voice so tha seconds could
hear. "I call all hera to witness that I
hava not been deceived. I knaw at tha
very first of John Eustace's batrothaL
"We have done no wrong to anybody— we—
we love each other because we cannot
help it Oh. It Is hard that my own
brother brines ma to such open shame.
"Come homa!" Cantrell said, roughly,
flinging away bis pistol and clutching her
arm. Eustaca caught tha other hand,
saying: "Stay with me. Millie! The whole
world may go If I have you."
"Oood-by," Millie said, drawing away
her hand. "I shall love you always, John,
but your wife need not ba Jealous."
By the strange orderings of fata that
was a true word. John Eustaca went
straight to Alice and told her all the
truth She gava him back his freedom.
and would have given him half her money
only ha would not have it. But ha could
not oersuade Millie to marry hfcn until
Joe. the masterful, had wooed and won
Alice Ellison and her fortune.
though In his swelling visions of the fu
ture she was no more than a dumb, sub
missive shade. If she would never be a
brilliant figure, still less would she be
one of whom a husband must needs ba
ashamed. Indeed, he was altogether a lit
tle more than content with the ordering
of things until, six months before his
wedding day. he earner under Millie's spell.
He saw her first upon a spring morning
full of hot, shining and languid ruffling
airs. Dew still sparkled on the grass, and
overhead in the green gold of new leaf
age robins fluted delicately the Joy of life
and love. To hU enchanted eyes Millie
embodied the shining, the bird song, the
softness of the south wind, the warmth
of the sun. What they said Is immaterial
—for two hours they walked together over
the ragged lawn turf, or stood In rapl
contemplation of newly opened roses. And
then, in a safe seclusion of greenest
shade, he drew her within his arms and
kissed her. not lightly, but as one who
takes what is supremely his own.
Then followed a heavenly fortnight
Eustaca masterfully pushed out «f his
mind all thought that might mar this new
bliss. He rarely spoke his love, and after
that first kiss was sparing of demonstra
tion—there was no need of it when each
understood so perfectly what was the oth
er's heart Yet at the end of every day's
comradery Eustace had a sense of some
thing impending, ever drawing nearer. He
refused to let himself, look further than
the next day's end, but somehow, some
where, he knew he would be called to pay
a bitter scot
His chiefest care was for Millie. No
harm must touch her. however It fared
with him. She was so young, bo Inno
cently gay. so innocently foolish, h© was
doubly bound to protect her even against
himeelf. it was heaven to see her bloom
and sparkle at his approach; she left her
self so artlessly undefended, now and
again there cam* a Jump in his throat.
A man who could speak, who could even
think, lightly of her would deserve death
twice over.
So the Idyl drifted through hours,
sunlit and starlit Perhaps It was some
111 star In its course that brought home
Joe Cantrell, Millie's brother, who lived
out In the big world and knew Its ways.
He came unannounced. Just as dusk fell
down, making- his way through the de
vious side path all tangled with sweet
shrubs. When Millie met him a little
later her eyes were star-like, her cheeks
of damask bloom, but sight of her
could not win him from Icy anger. He
never explained anything. Tou will be
ready to go back wttb me two days
hence," he said, frowning heavily. Mll
llo got very white, but went silently
toward the stairfoot As she was
mounting it. her brother said, with a
taunting laugh, "Next time you choose
to kiss and fondle a man, take care that
I am not In sight, or that he Is not en
gaged to marry another woman."
She knelt shivering by her bedside
until she heard him go out, after a
leisurely supper. And she was still
kneeling when he came In. stamping
heavily, well toward midnight. Ha
stopped beside her father's high black
secretary, flung down the lid with a
bang, then, after a minute, came up
stairs, still moving ponderously. But
his footsteps did not mask another
sound — the clicking of pistol locks.
Intuitively, she understood — ho had
strolled over to the Country Club, picked
a quarrel with Eustace, and would have
him out at daybreak next morning.
No thought of appeal to him stirred
in her. Instead there cams a firm de
termination matching his own. Sh«
knew her name had not been mentioned
In the quarrel quite as well as she knew
herself Its real root. The men must
not fight — she could not have her
brother's blood upon her conscience, still
less her lover's. There was but one
way to stop them — a way bitterer than
death — still (the set her feet toward it
unfaltering.
She sot up and sat by tbs window,
watching, with noteless eyes, the wheel
ing stars, the waning moonlight But
at the first pale dawn light she was
tensely alive. Below she heard a
stealthy stir, the cautious opening: of
a door, with muffled voices and cautious
steps outside. She got up and crept to
her brother's room.
Lighted candles still glittered there
upon the table there was a brief will, the
Ink not ury In the heavily scrawled slgna-
UNDER THE WHEELING STARS
THE SUNDAY CALL.
By T. Blair Eaton.
4The next the "minx" got a piece of
Mrs. Barnes' mind. It was a liberal piece
and ought to have brought her to her
knees, but it didn't. On the contrary,
after she got fafrly started, the red-head
ed girl got off three words to the other's
one and read her a long and savere lec
ture on minding her own business. la
this lecture were Included a few observa
tions on false teeth and gray hairs, and
when the battle was over it was the moth
erly Mrs. Barnes who didn't know where
she was at. She tried to get even by call
ing her husband into the cabin and tell
ing him what was what, and that she'd
take good care to eee that everybody In
Providence heard of it. ,
The Dalsv sailed on- and on, and the
flirtations went .on and on, and as the
brig. crept up the coaat Mrs. Barnes "lelt
It In her bones" that Boston would never
be reached. The red-headed girl had
brought disorganization from cabin to
bowsprit and almost taken command.
"You Jest wait, Joslah Barnes— you Jest
wait for Cape Cod," the captain's wife
grimly repeated a dozen times a day, and
Cape Cod was finally reached.
Then a gale sprang up. the big brig lost
her foremast, and though the red-headed
girl sought her stateroom and the crew
was left free to battle with the storm
the craft was driven ashore and became a
total wreck. Crew and passengers were
saved, and in due time Captain Barnes ap
peared at the office of the owners in Bos
ton to tell how it all happened. He was
listened to until he had finished, and then
the head of the firm handed him a letter
that had been received the day before. It
was from Martha, and it read:
"I want to report that the Daisy is
ashore on Cape Cod and a total wreck,
and I want to report that a red-headed
gal and a lot of fool-men are the cause
of It."
or shell get a piece of my mind that wiQ
make her red hair curl. I won't stand by
and see no such chit make fools of three
or four men who ought to know better.'*
The captain's advice was for her to'go
slow, and he was glad to* get on deck and
out of reach of her tongue. That was the
beginning of things. That night the red
headed girl walked the deck with a cap
tain on each side of her.
—^J HILE the brig
MTr^n^Ssi Y* Daisy, Captain Jo-
Hi y*M<y 1 f siah Barnes, mas-
W jnj|re/fr 1/ ter - lar ** Por t au
%VJ«\ZyS; / Prince, Ban Do
gXaV/^wJj mlr.go, a red-headed
* ** lrl came aboard
"^^*^*"*"™^^»mS- to secure passage to
Boston. She had
tone to the Island from Salem
two years before with an Ameri
can family as roverr.ess. but had be
come tired of It and desired to pet back
to the States. The wife of Captain
Barnes was aboard, and his crew num
bered seven men. He had also taken as
Patsengers two American tea captains,
whose vessels had been shipwrecked
axaon* the West India Islands. If it
hafin't been that one of the captains of
fered to surrender his stateroom to the
red-h«aded girl and sleep in the main cab-
In on a shake-down ehe could not have
taken passage by the Daisy. Indeed, it
was a doe* shave at best, as Mrs. Barnes,
who wa» fat. forty and plain-faced,
looked her over and eald to her husband:
"Joslah, she's red-headed, and * that
means that she's giddy and sassy."
"Yea, she's got red hair," replied the
captain. 'Taut I don't eee nothin' giddy
about her. Bhe look* aa sober as any
ral with any colored heir, and that pas
sage money will come in handy for us.
Bhe'll probably be seasick clear up to
Boston Light and not eat 12 worth of
provisions."
"Well, we'll take her." said Mrs.
Barnes with a doubtful shake of the
head. *T>ut you see If it don't result in a
tornado, waterspout or calamity of some
kind. Red-headed girls are born to make
trouble."
A day later the Daisy weighed anchor
end set out on her return voyage, and the
e-ttltu.Ce cf the red-headed girl as she
moved about was so demure that the cap
tain almost felt like patting her on ihe
head and speaking words of sympathy
end encouragement. The brig sailed at
* o'clock In the morning, and the girl
passeng-er did not make her appearancS
at the table at noon. Mrs. Barnes' moth
erly heart forced her to look into the
stateroom and offer her services, but at
the same time she wu secretly glad to
find the red-headed girl In her berth and
apparently suffering the pangs of sea
sickness.
Something like a surprise party waited
the dame when supper time came round.
She was thinking of making a cup of tea
with her own hands and adding a slice of
dry toast when the red-headed girl sud
denly appeared in the cabin fully dressed
and looking as pert and saucy as if the
old brig rested in a cornfield Instead of
climbing up and down watery hills of ex
ceeding steepness. \
"La, but haven't you been seasick!"
exclaimed the captain's wife, after a long
stare.
"Of course not," was the reply.
"And you ain't going to be?"
"I hope not. Where are the gentlemen?
They must have missed me. I'm so glad
I'm the only girl aboard, as I will have
them all to myself. Do you know if both
captains are married men?"
"Yes, ma'am, I know that they are, and
each one is the father of at least 'leven
children." replied Mrs. Barnes, with great
emphasis, being determined to crush the
red-headed girl at the very outset.
"Well, they can flirt with me for a few
days, Just the same," eald the girl, as she
surveyed herself in the" cracked mirror
hanging- over th« table.
At eupper the red-headed girl made
herself thoroughly "at home." She
laughed and chatted and made eyes, and
Mrs. Barnes could not help but see that
her own captain, as well aa the two
others were more than Interested. She
grew red In the face and her blood boiled
and as soon as the meal was finished and
the girl had gone on deck, escorted by
the two other captains, she drew herself
up before her liege lord with folded arms
and demanded:
"Joslah Barnes, of Providence, what did
I tell your*
"I dunno," he absently replied.
"Don't He to me, sir! I told you that
red-headed girl was an impudent minx,
and my words have come true. She even
made eyes at you across the table."
"I— I didn't see 'em. if she did."
"You Raw 'em and almost blushed.
Josiah Barnes, that girl has got to stop
LURED BY THE RED SFAIRED SIREN
THE SUNDAY CALL.
By Keith Gordon.
FACE IN THE CROWD
By Mary Wood
. "Protector, fiddlesticks!" said the ener
getic Miss Halloway. "Have you no spirit,
mother?" Bhe began to pace the floor ex
citedly. "Would you be treated as a no
body—you, the wife of Thomas P. Hallo
way 1 Consider your position."
Mrs. Halloway doubtless considered her
position— she was absolutely at the mercy
of her daughter's scathing tongue. There-'
fore she maintained a discreet silence.
"They must be taught the deference
due to "us, the Halloways, of Chicago,"
said the girl. She was very young and
possessed of the follies as well as the
graces of youth.
The bellboy now reappeared, holding
out a handful of telegraph blanks like a
VOh. Belle, Belle," wailed Mrs. Hallo
way, whose ample form had collapsed in
one corner of a red plush sofa, "how can
you mane such a disturbance? Now, if
your f athei was only here— but the two
of us alone, without a protector!" and
ahe rolled her eyes distractedly.
your way back. I have a few things to
say to my father and some of his friends
concerning the lack of accommodations at
the Great Eastern." x
fr—-f~~^*^r3 HB was so decidedly
<^J*S|"i|ft)^J! Petite that even when
lrAvw^r^aS' if Bh * &Tew her fl srure to
i£*^j&£^i|] lts greatest height the
I ''flljNSSBw*;!! aasum P tlon ot dignity
was laughable. But her
U^^^^^H eyes "P" 111^ danger-
Ltesfc-^MSi-ei ously as she faced the
bellboy. The bellboy was Impressed. He
eyed the door as If meditating escape be
fore she proceeded to stronger methods.
"Now, see here," she exclaimed bellig
erently, "this is the third note I have
written to the office, and X want a reply
this tlme."^
"If you would go down to the desk,"
the bellboy insinuated apologetically, "Mr.
Parker—"
"No, I will not go down to the desk,"
Miss Halloway interrupted decidedly.
"That head clerk Parker/ or whatever
name he answers to," shall come up' here
or I will know the reason why."
The bellboy departed promptly. "And
by the way," she called after him, "just
hustle along some telegraph blanks on
"I think that will make things hot for
the Great Eastern." she said triumph
antly. Bhe did not hear the knock at the
door, nor its noiseless opening. Her
mother's voice startled her: "Belle, hers
is Mr. Parker, but remember—"
Mrs. Halloway's voice trailed off into a
deprecating silence. Miss Halloway
straightened up in her chair with tha
laudable pride of a Judge about to confer
sentence.
"Mr. Parker,'* she said impressively, "I
have called you here to complain of the
treatment to which we have been sub
jected by this hotel." Bhe began delib
erately enough, but the words soon
tumbled over each other In her vehe
mence. "How dare you," she cried, "how
dare you put us Into this stuffy back
room, an eight dollar a day room, when
yellow flag of truce. "Mr. Parker," be
averred, "h» says— he's coming."
Mist Halloway selied upon the blanks
and flung herself Into a chair beside the
writing table. "There will probably be
ample time to get off the telegrams be-
Sore he comes. Things don't quickstep at
{he Great Eastern."
"But, Belle," Mrs. Halloway protested,
after the bellboy had closed the door In
reverential fashion, "had you not better
¦li.> on another waist Mr. Parker— »*
"Mr. Parker," her daughter Interrupted
superciliously, **ls a hotel clerk, a ser
vant This dressing sack is good enough
for him."
Bhe dashed off a telegram and read It
aloud reflectively:
"Dear Dad. we are being shamefully
treated at the Great Eastern. If things
are not remedied we will change to the
Grand to-night But don't worry. I am
running this affair and you can bet on me.
"Arabella Halloway."
"I can agree with you. Miss Halloway
of Chicago— but only in part Tour mon
ey Is as good as that of other people— but
no better. At the Great Eastern first
come must be first served, and that"
with a half bow, "is why we have been
forced to give this room to — Miss Hallo
way of Chicago."
His tone was courteous, but the girl
felt the sting of underlying reproof. It
was a new experience for her. All her
twenty years bad not discovered a person
who should dare to cross her. The great
T. P. Halloway himself lacked the neces
sary courage. Or, rather, he openly en
couraged her willfulness as a reincarna
tion of his own Indomitable spirit As for
Mrs. Halloway, she was always a minus
quantity on such occasions as demanded
firmness. She preferred to be comfort
ably seated and wring her hands— gently.
Tears came easily, and In no wise inter
fered with her heart action or gradual
Increase of avoirdupois. ' ,
- Now she looked entreatlngly at her
daughter and murmured, "Oh, Belle,
don't, don't!"
Miss Halloway did not hear. Her world
seemed falling about her ears. For the
we have always been accustomed to an
eighteen dollar suite? Do you know who
we are— the Halloways of Chicago? Is not
our money good, or better, than other
people's?"
The clerk remained silent And now
for the first time Miss Holloway looked
up — far ' up— and encountered the serene
gaze of his brown eyes.
Mr. Parker, the elerk, was tan-unusu
ally tall. But It was not merely his Inches
which gave authority of bearing— It was
his self-confidence, his mental poise. In
tuitively Miss Halloway of Chicago real
ized that here was a man who would al
ways bo the master of circumstances no
matter how adverse the contrlvlngs of
fate. Her Judicial complacency vanished,
and shame, hot-cheeked and defiant.
stood as a culprit at the , bar. For a
twinkle lurked In the cool depths of the
brown eyes as he said easily:
LA PETITE TERMAGANT
And the matter of her marriage pro*etl
no exception to the rule. She did. And
that Is how Miss Halloway of Chicago
became Mrs. Parker of New York.
"There Is Belle to be considered." Mr.
Parker Insinuated gently. "She usually
has her own way."
T. P. Halloway weakened visibly. **Yes.
she usually does," he repeated more
calmly. "^ . !
Mr. Parker was quite mimoved. "She
does not object," he said easily. "Some
day I shall own this hotel, then yon will
not object"
T. P. Halloway glared at him. *1 will,"
he snorted. "And tha sooner you taks
yourself off the batter It will bo."
He did not hesitate, but Mr. Parker
spoke first. It Is a way youth has. And
be did not mince matters. He struck
straight from the shoulder.
"Mr. Halloway. I love your daughter,
she loves me. We are coins to b« mar
ried. Have we your approval T*
"The devil!" ejaculated the astounded
T. P. Halloway. "Why you're nothing
but a hotel clerk. My daughter—** Words
failed him.
The girl lifted her head and— laughed.
Bhe had not been crying at all. "You can
stop your crying now. mother." sh« said
cheerfully* "It is all over with." She
turned to the astonished Mr. Parker and
-xtended her hand frankly. "And, since
you have acceded to my request," she
said sweetly, "let me apologize for hav
ing asked In— well— rather peremptory
fashion. It is a way I have, unfortunate
ly. Of course, your promise holds good?"
"Of course," replied Mr. Parkrr a tri
fle stiffly. He could not avoid taking her
outstretched hand. "Of course," he re
peated more heartily, as some mesmcrlo
Influence radiated from her finger tips
to his. There was added respect as well
as admiration In the brown eyes. He rec
ognized her powers as a strategist
Miss Halloway laughed. "I won, bat
X would not have If yon had not been—
a gentleman . Mamma and Z are very
pleased to meet you— even In this Informal
fashion."
Mrs. Halloway beamed noon them.
Peace and harmony were essential In her
scheme of things.
And peace and harmony — and Mr. Par
ker—attended her and her daughter for
the next few weeks. Mrs. Halloway
beamed. Miss Halloway was radiant, Mr.
Parker was assiduous. So assiduous. In
fact, that Thomas P. Halloway. on his
advent on the scene, felt called upon to
Interfere.
"Really, Miss Halloway." he said sooth
ingly, "the whole thing is a trifle which
we have foolishly exnggerated. In the
morning you will laugh at your fancied
grievances."
But still the girl's head was hidden In
her folded - arms and her shoulders
heaved. Mrs. Halloway sobbed, swaying
comfortably back and forth. "If your
father were only here," she wailed.
"Don't cryr Miss Halloway," he Im
plored, "please don't. I think that per
haps I can arrange the matter. A per
sonal friend of mine has one of the suites.
Perhaps, for you— yes, I am sure I can
arrange It."
"On your word of honor?" asked Miss
Halloway of Chicago, in a muffled tone.
"On my word of honor," he promised
recklessly.
first time the shameful helplessness of
her sex overcame her. But woman's wit
came to her aid. Her lips trembled pite
ousJy an<l two large tears ran down her
checks.
This was a new method of warfare. The
redoubtable Mr. Parker stood aghast.
Then, as became a prudent general, threw
out scout lines.
And then— well, they then forgot the
world and Its opinions to talk of far love
lier things.
When the maid ushered him In Natica,
looking rather more like a lily than usual
In her long, soft black gown, rose with
every intention of greeting him In the
most formal manner. Then a most un
looked for thing occurred.
For a moment they looked Into each
other's eyes. Then he stretched out his
hands toward her and she placed hers In
them. A moment later she was swept up
Into his arms as If she had been a child,
as he murmured softly, "My dear, dear
love."
"What shall we tell mamma?" wailed
Natica In despair a half-hour later. "How
can we ever explain ourselves?"
"We can't," replied Renwick, comfort
ably. "We might Just as well resign our
selves to being thought mad ! It all comes
from the ridiculous superstition that In
order to know people you must talk to
them!"
In the dim little parlor of the small
apartment where she and her mother
lived they met for the first time alone
save for the dead and gone Alstons that
looked down upon them from the walls.
Surely never was such a first meeting be
fore.
"What kind of a mystery is this?" In
quired Stoughton. "Jf I didn't know that
there Isn't a grain of romance in you 1
should certainly think "
"Now, don't think— there's a good fel
low." soothed Renwick. "Just follow In
structions. Tell Miss Alston all about ma
—and mind that you tell her everything
good that you can or I'll wring your neck
—and make an appointment for me to
call. Don't make any mistake. I want to
see her. and see her alone. I don't want
you there!"
When poor, mystified BUI Stoughton
broached the subject to Natica her be
havior was doubly mysterious. No, she
didn't want to know anything about himl
Then a moment later:
"Did you say he Is a. bachelor?" (Inno
cently). "I thought he was a widower!"
Stoughton, Indignantly: "I thought you
knew nothing about him?"
"I don't; but he wore mourning."
"That was for his mother."
• • •
"Certainly. I'll take you up there with
me. Natica will be glad to receive any
friend of mine."
"Thank you. old fellow, thank you."
Renwick paused awkwardly. He seemed
to have somt thing else to say, but scarce
ly knew how to say it.
"When I said— asked you to introduce
me— I didn't mean the usual thing. I'm
going to ask you to do something queer,
and to do it without asking too many
questions."
"It's Natica Alston — a cousin of mine,
you know," he explained to Renwick.
"Tough luck they've had, I tell you. But
she's a plucky girl. Bhe has earned her
own living now for four years."
"Will you present me?" demanded Ren
wick eagerly.
It was nearing the end of the third year.
He took the same train now with a reg
ularity which made her suspicious. The
results of chance were never bo unerring.
Intention was apparent.
But through it all, save at unexpected
moments when the curtain would lift for
a second and an unintentional glance be
tray a deeper knowledge, they regarded
each other with the baffling, impassive
eyes we keep for the unknown. No twen
tieth century romance ever moved eo
slowly.
Then Billy Stoughton— who In this par
ticular case was the Instrument of fate
— awakened one morning with an unac
countable but imperative yearning for
Broadway. Five years earlier an equally
compelling desire had landed him, on Th«s
Ranch, where he had bided contentedly
enough up to that particular morning. The
evening of the next day found him in
Denver, from which place he proceeded,
with as much haste as the railroad facil
ities would permit, to New York.
On the day of his arrival he planned
to dine with Renwick, the closest of his
college friends. He had just time to
catch him by telephone before he left his
office, which he did, arranging to meet
him at the c-levated station and go up
town with him.
The fir3t ettervescence of their meeting
over, Sioughton's beaming eyes roved
over the other passengers. A flight fig
ure at the far end of the car held his
glance. He looked again to be sure.
"Pardon me a minute, Jack," he said,
rising and making his way toward the
girl, with whom a moment later he was
shaking hands cordially and talking with
the ease of long friendship. Presently he
returned to Renwick, and as he did so
a revealing look passed between the two.
A bridge at last! s
wai a fatalist. If It were written from
the bejrlnnlnx It would occur! No man
could dabble In the affairs of fate!
Sometimes, for two or three weeks at a
etretcb. they would not encounter each
other. It was after one of these breaks
that, watching him as he entered the car.
her Interest and satisfaction at seeing him
again shone all unconsciously in her face,
and his glance was arrested by It.
As the faint color touched her cheeks
urder his gaze he looked causally away.
For a moment he had thought her some
half-forgotten acquaintance from the wel
come that he had surprised in her eyes,
but her quick annoyance as she returned
to her reading forbade that Idea.
Ehe did net look toward him again, but
more than once his keen blue eyes rested
upon her as ehe eat there, allm and
straight, with masses of pale brown hair
piled upon her small head. After this he.
too, began to_ watch of a morning:. A
habit is very easily formed!
Then for weeks he disappeared. The
plrl wondered anxiously what had become
of him. Had he gone abroad? Maybe he
was HI— or dead! At the thought she
shrank like one hurt, for he had become.
In a whimsical way. a part of her life. He
had become as near and dear as only
Ideals can rx»-
When he did appear one morning, tow
ering above a crowd of lesser men like a
god there was a new gravity in his face
which held her attention even before she
noticed that he wan In mourning.
That then was what these wee.is of abr
#>ence from business meant! Sickness and
suffering and death. His wiie undoubt
edly from the sorrow and oppression that
he showed. The Quick sympathy that she
felt hovered In her soft, wide eyes as they
rested briefly upon his face. And he.
re'ading that look, felt a curious thrill.
I>ong since he had begun to regard heT
with a-eort of tacit, silent friendship.
•The little girl with her soul In her face,
as be once described her to a friend, shak
ing his head deprecatlngly at the thought
cf a woman like her having to wrestle
with the world. Ehe seemed to him too
exquisite for the tips and downs of suca
tt He%ratched her surreptitiously now,
•wondering Idly who she was and whether
he should ever meet her. There was a
•way— be might follow her and bestow a
quarter on the elevator boy and the thing
would be done. But the coarseness or
euch methods repelled him. She seemed
the *nrt of a woman who would resent
that kind of thing.
Moreover. In his heart of hearts, and In
fplte of bis bigness and worldliness, be
The noise of the street below, dulled by
distance until it was as dreamy as the
humming- of bees at r.oonday, droned
softly in hrr ears a sort of living melody
— end her thoughts defied office hours and
¦went far afie'd in a fantastic search for
the reality about him, among the crowd
cf possibilities.
Over and over she gave him a local hab
itation and a name — but these changed
always with her mood. No name that
ehe could hit upon seemed to express his
personality, and ehe finally discarded
them all and thought of him only as The
Man.
The weeks mtlted Into month?, but her
Interest in him did not flag. Rather it
became deeper as time went on. Curious
ly enough, it was what might be termed
the non-essentials that baffled her.
About the man himself— his character and
what he would do in any given emergency
— ehe felt the same assurance that she
Aid about herself.
Bhe had decided that he was a lawyer,
though precisely why she thought so she
could not have told. Then one day she
raw him with a child, a girl of ten. who
bore a certain f.eeting resemblance to
him. •
He was married, then! An almost im
perceptible righ escaped her. Then, aa
the absurdity of the matter dawned upon
her, she laughed softly to herself. What
difference? Josephine and Marie T^ouise
had never dampened her affection for Na
poleon! She even began to feel a mild
Interest In the lady.
Insensibly, he became the touch of ro
mance In the dreary monotony of her
days — five and a half out of seven of
¦which were Fpent in Wall street, a place
where the advantages of being a woman
are not glaringly apparent.
Often during the flagging afternoons of
rummer, when business was dull and the
hands of the clock approached live but
¦lowly, she would Fit resting her face on
her hards ar.d wondering about him.
Who was he? Was he married or single?
(Copyright, 13C3. by T. C. McClure.)
f —r j FTER a while she
•^ \ i^//v»\« ) ' i when the train stopped
i'jr^/'^a^V* at the Fifty-third street
¦^^ * t T|*C V s ' atlon * n the rnorr.ir.g
' ~ tne tall> troad-shoul
*fZJal&trHsZY^ | dered man with the ag
< SSsJS? r! * g ' !ffB Z^2gl gressive chin and de
termined mouth. She felt vaguely dis
appointed when she did not see him.
5
Two Full Pages, of Fascinating Half-Hour Storiettes.WONDERFUL LAND OF UGANDA
tled in the affirmative, that chimpanzees
Inhabit the Uganda Protectorate, where
they build rude houses In the trees. These
and j the ourang are almost human In
their Intelligence and are very amusing
companions, when trained in tha ways of
civilization. " The Patas . monkey lives al
' ost entirely on the ground and has long
legs resembling a greyhound. , Its . head
Is chestnut on top and the remainder of
the .body I a white .and mixed yellow.
There are large, dark green monkeys and
little monkeys with" white-tipped nose*,
monkeys to suit the requirements of ev-
i ery person who deslrea such a pel er dlsti
i Some soecles are said. to form excellent
i dishes and the writer Is acquainted with •
i young Spanish woman. from South Amer
' tea who was found crying . In her room
one day because we have nothing decent
to eat in the United States She was long
ing , for a piece of bake! monkey. The
Idea seems to come a little too near home
. with some of us.
. Zebras are not uncommon In ths
Uganda 'Protectorate,' and numbers of
those most vicious, unsightly, nearly
blind left-overs,' the members of the rbi-
wnne others are entirely dissimilar to
these respects. Some are large, finely de
veloped specimens of the negro race,
others, the Andorobo, for instance, who
live with the Masai for protection, are
THE attention of the public being
turned, at this time, with so much
Interest toward the Uganda protec
torate. In Africa, the question nat
urally arising as to its resources for
sustaining life to settlers when they first
arrive In the country should' receive some
attention.
Its tree and plant growth furnish an
ample supply of fruit and vegetable diet
and the country abounds in game, while
the lakes and rivers are plentifully sup
plied with fish. Although the negroes
seem to be Incapable or disinclined to
tame for their use the wild creatures
which live around them, a great number
of domestic animals are found, descend
ants, probably, of those brought from the
north, from Egypt, Importations from
Asia, In the distant past. Great herds
of cattle and sheep form the chief means
of subsistence for the Masai and certain
other tribes. Dogs, a- few cats, goata.
pigs, fowls and horses are found In great
er or less numbers, but none of the an
cestors of these animals are Indigenous
to the country. They thrive because of
the natural resources of the land to which
they have been transplanted. So that be
sides the possibilities of mineral wealth,
as yet entirely. undeveloped," the excellent
pasturage gives promise of unlimited In
come to the farmer and cattle raiser. The
natives work for infinitesimal wages and
being great lovers of animal food may be
depended upon to take , excellent care of
the flocks and . herds.. Their wants are
few, simple and easily supplied.
Some of the Semitic or Hamitlo racea
teem to have domesticated . some of the
African animals. Elephants are found
In large numbers, herds of giraffes, which
form a strange feature of a," aistant land
scape, many varieties of antelopes and
monkeys galore may.be expected to come
into view at almost any turn.
It has been an open question, now set-
Interesting figure to the outside world, be- *
cause bo totally unknown. He Is hand
some and benignant, but not stately;
charitable and pious, but not too free
handed. In other words, he Is a good
looking, large-hearted, frugal-minded,
peace-loving man, made to be even a Car
dinal, If you like, but not the man one
would - naturally - picture as the head ot
Roman Catholicism, a leader of men and
director of a delicate machine like the
Holy Bee. I. COCHRANE.
ror which the poor ladles, no ' longer
young, cared for has been removed at one
blow. Beppo! he is their world, and Is
now practically dead to them. . Even if
they came to Rome they could not see
him. unless they formally asked an audi
ence, while the comfortable talks and gos-
Blps, the loving doing of little services,
the family meals are all a thing of the
past. He is Pope, they are peasants, and
no amount of love can bridge the chasm.
Strange Coincidence.
These three ladies, like all women of
their class, are superstitious and have
made up their minds that Beppo's election
to the chair of St. Peter has set a limit
to his life.
"If It had been next year the charm
would have been broken." said Maria,
"but now there Is positive proof that he
will die In 1912. Whenever the periods of
9 come I expect a change, and no one can
Bay without reason. At 9 years of age
and make more or less brilliant mar*
rlages.
That Sarto Boy Stole Cherries,
The Pope's early training was all
against fitting him for his new position.
His younger years were spent in a coun
try village emld the most dire poverty,
his days passed In helping his parents
and sisters In their work or In trying him
self to earn a few cents from time to
time; cften hungry, although not really
lacking the necessities of life. The win
ter was the hardest period, as cold pene
trated the walis of the little two-story
house, clothing was Insufficient and he
bad to wear shoes and stockings, which
be bated. School was not even mentioned.
Education in those days, sixty years ago,
was certainly not compulsory, and even
his parents thought little of It. for many
peasants then, as now. could not even
ultra their names.
Beppo (diminutive for Giuseppe), how
ever had the fortune to attract the at
tention of the parish priest, who taught
him the letters and set him on the road
to learning, and. once started, he went
on by himself.
An old farmer of the district, now near
ly 90 years of ege, when told that Giu
seppe Sarto had been made Pope, ex
claimed:
"Not Beppo? Not that little rascal?
Many are the cherries be has taken off
nay trees, me underneath the tree with a
•tick and he bidding me defiance and
pelting me with the stones. The last time
be did It I caught his boot and a merry
dance we had about that field. But he
was a good chap. When my old woman
died and he was already Cardinal he for
got his dignity and helped me not only
with mosey, but with prayers. If I was
not so eld I would go and visit him at
the Vatican!"
Bishop Monaco took a fancy to the
bright boy and sent him to school, where
he was head and front of all the mis
chief. He then took orders, and thus the
career which was to end on the pinnacle
cf earthly success was Inaugurated. At
the age of 23 he was assistant to the par
ish priest of Tombolo and here was first"
seen- the characteristic which was later
to distinguish him. Give, give — has al
ways been hta motto, give with one hand
and then with the other, and If neces-
noceros family, are found. These travel
In pairs, sometimes accompanied by a
calf, but never In herds. As this Is the
home of the ostrich, it would seem that
Its cultivation would be a most profitable
industry. It may easily be seen that the
¦ future wealth of the country will be
great. Added to the Incalculable mineral
'resources Is the climate, which Is so va
ried owing to its position relative to the
equator and the heights cf Its numerous
mountains, that nearly ail crops may' be
cultivated and fruits raired. The vast
. grazing tracts afford pasturage and the
hillsides furnish sites for health resorts
unsurpassed in natural advantages. The
bountiful supplies of fish and game at
tract the sportsmen.
While labor Is so cheap and plentiful
here comes the old story of how to reck
on with the present proprietors of the
eoII, those to whom It* has descended
from all past ages. It Is a foregone con
clusion that history will repeat Itself.
Meantime a study of the native tribes la
intensely interesting. The Inhabitants of
many of the provinces seem nearly allied
-In appearance, customs and languages.
?err ¦man. The little creature* subsist
largely on game poisoned by, arrows dip
ped in a decoction of leaves and bark.
The Masai appear to present as many
agreeable characteristics for study as any
of the many native tribes.
There are thought to be, all told, about
B0.00O members of this tribe within tha
limits of the protectorate. Of these about
30.000 are seml-nomadic. ranging: their cat
tle from one feeding ground to another.
Around the shores of Lake Barlngo art
about 15.000 more, calling themselves Bya
rusl. The remainder are colonized at dif
ferent points. -About 60.000 Masai ar» resi
dent In the East African protectorate. A
great many are employed in the construe*
tlon of the Ufranda Railway.
The tendency -of the tribe seems to b«
toward decrease. The women wear cloth-
Ins enough to enable them to present s>
decent appearance in accepted African
good eocietv. The men seem to re jar*
such possessions, except some tricing or
naments or a capo of leather or cloth
to throw over the shoulders when ex
posed to cold, as superfluities. Their ears
are weighted down with all sorts ot trash,
even small wooden milk palls being some
times pendant therefrom. Strings ot
beads on the neck and anklets are worn,
The Turkana and Buk languages are re
lated to the Masai Those who speak
them have the curious custom of comb*
ins out their hair as long as possible
and plaiting in that of their dead ances
tors, which has been cut oft and which,
they Inherit from generation to genera
tion. The huge bag depends from ths
scalp with an opening behind ths nap* of
the neck. The exterior Is coated with
fat and clay and ornamented with
ostrich plumes of various colors. At th*
end a stiff wire curves upward, to which
is attached a ball of white down like a
powder puff. Within this mass its owner
carries his most valued small belongings.
Many other races are found In this rich
country, where the labor problem seema
solved for years to corns.
(Copyright, 1903. by Curtis Brown.)
ROME. Sept. 1.— "Oh. what a mis
fortune! My poor Beppo. who so
loved a comfortable chat! Who
knows what misery he will go
through In that prison there In
Rome?"
These were the words. Eaid with tears
and real rrlef. with which Maria, sister
ef Pius X, received the newa that he
had been made Pope, and they epitomize
the feeling of the family about this ele
vation of their "Bepoo" to one of the
most powerful positions on earth.
The Sarto family is humble, has never
teen arj-thir.e else and never will be
anything else. The members have no am
bitions above their station and, as yet,
are too unsophisticated to count on what
the Pontiff can do for them. His only
brother, Angelo. the day after Pius X's
election, was found in the little piazzi
cf the village of Riese, near Venice, lord-
In* it over his fellow peasants abd talk-
Ing about "my brother the Pope": but
when approached by even so humble an
individual iis a Journalist he subsided
BUddeuIy, like a pricked balloon, and be
came his usual modest self. Asked what
he would do now, he at once began:
"Do? Why heaps of things. Beppo is
now Pope, you know, and he will buy
out my rival in the village, and I shall
be cork of the walk. He may perhaps
buy in* a mule and a cart, or even a
horse and trap. That would be fine!"
**I have debts." he continued, with a
eigh. "*lf Beppo will relieve me of tham
that would be much. Yes. I must owe at
least forty dollars, and shall never have
It by myself."
This was as high as his ambition could
pour. He is one year older than the Pope,
and has so far been distinguished merely
for a sturdy independence: not above re
ceiving help and favors from his brother
when the brother could afford it. but ow
ing his present relief from real poverty
to bis own exertions. In his little poik
and tobacco shop are to be seen usually
out cr other of his rather pretty dauer
ti*is. so that the youths of the town srend
most of their cents there, thinking a cigar
which they do not want cheaply bought
If it brines a smile from either of the
two cirls.
The cirls have a great sense of their
own Importance, and when dressed in the
latest village fashion, their black eyes
eparklir.p. their dark cheeks glowing and
their glossy curly hair carefully dressed—
as. of course, they have never worn hats
—they form a picture of health and vital
ity pieasant to look upon, but which cer
tainly nfcfdB th« background of the vil
lage street to set it off. They are both
unmarried and. being more modern than
the rest of the family. It is likely if they
come to Rome that they would assimi
late the atmosphere to a certain extent
he began to study. seriously; he was nine
years parish priest, nine years vicar gen
eral, nine years Bishop, nine years Car
dinal, and, of course, he will be nine
years Pope. And after that there Is noth
ing but heaven to attain, ao, of course,
he will leave us." And nothing would or
could persuade her to the contrary.
Meanwhile the Pontiff, for his part, is
not altogether happy in his "prison." So
far his entire time has been absorbed In
giving audiences and making appoint
ments, but the confinement has already
told on the strong, hearty man who does
not look much over 60. and he mlaaes the
care of his feminine relatives. A button
comes off, and there is only a man to sew
it on; his rooms are not well dusted, and
there seems to be no one to complain to;
his meals are dainty, but not prepared as
he is accustomed to having them; his
spiced wine does not taste as it should;
his bed has lumps, or his bath is too cold.
"Unhappy in the Vatican.
These little woes are felt acutely by one
who has never even had. to think of such
things. Above all, he misses the sea, his
swims therein, and his long walks along
the sands. To a familiar who was with
him in the Vatican gardens he exclaimed:
"Shall I always have this longing for
the country and for the sea? It is rather
an aggravation than otherwise to look at
the promised land, which is in this case
the sea (Mediterranean) from the obser
vatory, and not be able to go near it. I
want to walk, climb, run if need be, any
thing to make my. blood Circulate."
After which outbreak he seemed to feel,
better, and he went on laughingly:
"Do you know my temper is even de-;
terioratlngr, I who used to never let any
thing trouble me!"
This should not be taken, however, to
mean that Pius X is not proud of his new'
position, with a deep appreciation of his
responsibility and* privileges. He is an
eary with both together; but never cease.
Bobbed Him of His Soup.
So far has he carried this precept that
to go without his dinner while another ate
was too common an occurrence to cause
remark. Once, In those days, when he
sold his little horse to pay some debts
contracted by his family, he came home
half dead after a tramp of miles to the
deathbed of a man who proved to have
little the matter with him, and sat down
to a steaming plate of aoup.
"This Is good," he exclaimed, when the
spoon was arrested half way to his mouth
by the appearance of a young person who
came In at the door, sat down at the
table, reached over, took his soup and
calmly ate It all to the last spoonful. She
then roe<\ dropped a courtesy to the
epelibound priest, and as she left, said
jauntily:
"It was very good: they told me you
lived on bread and water to serve the
poor, and I wanted to prove that it was
a lie." V* •-
Such was all the thanks he got, and
this was the only time on record when
his charity was not only Involuntary, but
given with a bad grace.
His poor old mother adored him, but re
fused to live with him when he rose to
the splendid position of parish priest.
"No. my dear." she said, "I was born
here In Rlese, and here I shall die. Go
your ways, enjoy your good fortune and
send your linen to me when it needs
mendlnc-"'
, TJnsuited for Luxury.
And with this blessing she sent him out
Into the vast world, her best beloved son.
The old lady was very shrewd, and when
his sisters would have liked to live with
him in what was considered the brilliant
petition of sister <o a parish priest, she
eaid:
"So, no, daughters, you stay where you
are; there you will put on airs and so
never get married, while here you are
what you are, and the boys will take you
to wife." which proved true with three
out of the six. The other three, after the
death of their mother, lived in the Arch
bishop's palace at the Cathedral of St.
Mark's In Venice, with their brother, their
only object in life being to make him
happy and comfortable: hence the lament
with which this article begins.
Their case Is. In fact, rather hard. As
Pope, their brother can give them noth
ing for which they will much care. As
sisters of The Patriarch of Venice they
might have entered society and taken a
responsible position; but they took no
pleasure In such a life and positively re
fused all overtures. What can Pius X
do? Only make life easier by giving
them money which they do not want,
while In belne elected Pcpe everything
INCIDENTS OF THE NEW POPE'S
HUMBLE BOYHOOD
THE SUNDAY OAIiti.
"Not Beppof Not That little
Bases! f" Exclaimed an Ancient
Neighbor on Hearing of His
Election— Angelo Sarto Is De
lighted, as He Believes His
Brother "Will Now Buy Him a
Mule and Cart and Enable Him
to Become a Local Magnate.
His Sister Is Certain He Will
Die in 1912, and Gives Strange
Reason* for That Belief— His
Holiness Is Not Altogether
Happy as Prisoner of the Vat
ican.
6
HATS OFF...
To the
BONANZA
KINGS
I THE LITERARY FDO)]]
I OF THE YEAR. ||
Recollections
and Reflections
Of the Men Who Girdled
the World With Gold.
By THOMAS FTTCH
The Silver Tongved Orator.
begins m
Next Sunday's Call.Xnd**d, on on* c-t these occasions, she
told a certain sympathetic lady among
the oustoxners that she had a cousin— this
seemed more delicate— who 'was a fireman,
and so, of course, she was ;. worried to
death whenever there was. a fire.
This customer was an influential "lady,
a serene, kind, rich person; regarded as
almost Indispensable to civilization by
many women and girls. She was able to
persuade them to do almost anything,
more. It must be acknowledged, by the
dignity of her presence than by the power
of her thought, which was of the most
soothing and casual nature, and made
no pretense of being convincing v
She used to come with" her daughter's
children to buy candy for them; and on
these occasions Annie would talk to her
about her nieces and nephews; how her
eldest niece had hair reaching below her
waist; how they were all such perfect
cut-ups; how on April Fool's day they
mad* iom» chocolates with cotton bat
ting Inside, and gave them to a friend of
hers— it had been Mr. Murphy: how they
were Just in mischief all the time, and
bow her youngest nephew took the prize
at a baby Bhow.
Mrs. La Grange on her side made ap
preciative monosyllabic replies. She was
so pleased with Annie taat she invited
her to come to see her and to bring her
nephews • and nieces to play, with her
daughter's children.
"Th. day was so oppressively warm that
the streets were empty and almost still;
the grass of the empty lots was gray
and parched, and the dust was thick on
the roads and on the ¦ burning asphalt
pavements; the few people they met had
handkerchiefs tucked in their necks, and
a man passing on a bicycle stopped and
sat' on the curbing to fan himself with a
newspaper. The children's arrangements
of their turns under their aunt's new
v hite satin parasol had just been fairly
"Tes," sh* answered, "I don't s«* hour
anythlng could be more Inspiring thaa
such a perfect and humble courage."
Meanwhile two young girls,* admirers of
Mrs. La Grange, had come up from tae
end of ths store. ,
"I've felt proud of being a Chicagoaa
ever since yesterday," said on*.
"Yes. Indeed." said the other. They w*r«
refer* ng to Mrs. La Grange's paper.
Bat Mrs. La Grange's head was so foil
of fire that she honestly misunderstood
them. She was absorbed In tho sense of
something finer, more helpful toward pro
gress than any paper she had ov«r
dreamed.
"He certainly deserves to be mad* hap
py." said Mrs. La Grange. "And you.
Annie, you know how much I hope 70a
will be happy, dear child."
"Oh. I'm not afraid." said Acnit, with
humble confidence. "He's lots too good
for me."
"It's him I'm going to marry, too," said
Annie, glancing dlstraltly about the shop
with shining eyes.
Mrs. La Grange's heart beat with rym
pathetic pride. "Why, Annie!" sh» said.
"That was him." she said.
But when he saw on the outskirts of
the people pressing around him Annie and
the little McGarrlgles. laughing and cry-
Ing, it ocourred to him with thrilling con
viction that this Incident would give* him
a considerable pull over Mr. O'Mara and
Mr. Sullivan. His hope was not vain.
"I'm afraid I won't see you any more In
the candy store," Annie said to Mrs. L*
Grange on the next day over the counter.
Mrs. La Grange made a low, dignified
sound, expressive of regret and Inquiry.
"I ain't going to be her* after tho first
of the month." continued Annie. 'Tm
going to be married. I'll be real sorry not
to see you so often. I started to see you
Saturday, v but I didn't get the time."
"I'm glad you didn't come." said Mrs.
La Grange. It had. indeed, been th«
afternoon of her paper at the club.
"I got caught in that big fire. Did you
see about It In the newspapers 7"
"Yes, Indeed," said Mrs. La Grange. It
was not a part of, her Christian Selene*
philosophy to acknowledge that flames
might b« painful, but she was sometime*
etartled Into moments of sanity and Incon
sistency. "That brave fireman who caught
the girls— I thought of your cousin at tfaa
time— I hope he wasn't In It." ; #.; '.•.
Annie looked down at the candy box ah*
was filling: the tears crowded to her tya*.
They could a«* Mr. Murphy's too* body
hurrying up tba ladder; he stood oa th«
top rung and steadied himself wlta on*
hand on a projecting rain pip*. Th* girls
began to speak and to ding together
then, and the old woman stopped moan-
Ing. He held out his right arm.
"Just drop alsy." they could hear him
call; the girl pressed closest to th» win
dow casing got out and poised giddily oa
the sill. "Hang by your hands I" ha
shouted; she clambered down. hung, and
dropped safe and plumb, caught In his
arm.
The ladder trembled, th* crowd yelled
hoarsely, and the girl, dizzy and white,
was helped down by the other firemen to
the crowded sidewalk, where the old wo
man, her mother, stood, now in a parox
ysm of Joy, pressing her hands together,
blessing the saints, blessing the firemen,
with tears pouring down her cheeks.
When the last frantic girl was safe on
the ground Murphy turned around to tho
hurrahing, weeping people, and climbed
down the ladder. They shook his band,
some of them kissed it. they wept over
him; they cheered for him; they carried
him on their shoulders.
It cannot be said that Mr. Murphy
knew so well how to behave on this occa
sion as he knew how to behave in dis
tributing the prizes of the Elks or in lead-
Ing the grand march. He hung bis head
and even growled when the old women
kissed his hand, and wtshed they
wouldn't do it; and when no observed
Kitty and her parent excitedly approach
ing him he longed more than for anything
else to be able to get out of their way.
The engines were already playing, and
the steam from tn* jets of watar drew a>
thicker and thicker veil of wtUto mi»t. oo
casionally blown aside by a light and ris
ing wind. b«tw*«n th» clamoring ptopj*
below and the Isolated girls abo»r». TE*
old woman pressed her hands against b*r
head. "My Kitty! My Xittyr sh«
groaned monotonously ovor and ort
again. ,
They heard the Jarring of the hooks and,
ladders through the chuffing steam and
the murmuring crowd, and then in th*
blowing smoke they saw two men set.tb*
top of the- ladder against the row of win
dows marking the floor next below that
where the girls were. They could not put
it higher, for the fire had curled up
around the sill above, and evidently the
smoke was becoming -stifling there, for
the girls put their beads farther out of
the window.
But that Impulse of «xdttm«nt which
had drawn them to It as to an exhilarat
ing spectacle received a cold and dizzying
shock when they saw standing on tho
doorstep of a house opposite* a stocky.
grim-faced old Irish woman, her face
white and her lips working, straining her
absorbed gaze at one of the windows of
the stricken building, where a little group
of factory girla was occasionally and dim
ly visible through the mists of tho smoke.
The people in tho crowd wer* making
frantic and helpless gestures; they
stretched out their arms to th« girts; they
called to them not to jump— to wait. Th»
girls were .quiet and clinging tofwthar. ap
parently In a panic of dumb and hopeleu
horror.
decided, and they were approaching the
corner where the eldest child must give
up her place, when there sounded on the
heavy air the startling, hurrying clang of
a fire belL - -
People put their heads out of the win
dows; they rushed from all sides; .they
looked north and south and east and
west; they peered up and down the cross
streets, and then they saw and heard, far
down the street, a rattling, glittering
mass, the swept manes and headlong gait
of galloping horses,, and amidst smoke
clouds and clanging, in a furious whirl of
brass and scarlet, a leviathan fire engine
rolled past, reverberating. Two more en
gines rumbled fiercely behind, like char
lota In a terrific chariot race, with enor
mous plunging horses, and helmeted fire
men straining forward on the front seats.
Little boys chased behind through the
stifling clouds of dust, stumbling and
whistling and yelling in an ecstasy of ex
citement, and a hurrying crowd walked
and ran in their wake.
In this crowd Annie and the children
were swept. Just as they, were always
swept when there was sv fire in their
neighborhood, but this time with ah espe
cial enthusiasm, for high up on the front
of the Jarring hook and laflder wagon
that closed the procession they- saw Mr.
Murphy. What was more remarkable, in
all the crowd and in his, rushing passage
he had seen them and touched his helmet
and smiled magnificently at them.
And it seemed only fitting when they
reached the object of so rapid a chase,
led by engines so glorious, that this
should be a raging fire in a building so
given up to It that its square lines and
flat front were seen wavering and almost
hidden in clouds of black smoke, with
sheets of flame rising from its roof and
brilliant tongues darting from Its lower
windows.
A QUESTION OF SERVICE
Annie used to think with pleasure of
his arrival whenever she had a new hat
or a new collar; and she felt an especial,
even a proprietary. Interest when ' she
heard the fire bells clanging.
of her little nieces and nephews with h«e
Z, ° ahe 1 . went to walk in the park with
Mr Murphy or Mr. Sullivan on Sunday.,
mis, too, was not because she was apa
thetic to the charms of these gentlemen,
for, indeed, Mr. Murphy, 1 who was widely
Popular among his brother. firemen and
even in the social circles' of the police,
absorbed most of he C .r«lectiona. •
IrS'/^L^u Wa8 * ¦. lEr * e dark b^
irishman, with very square shoulders and
a -very long waist He had quick, gay
blue eyes, a small top for his head, an
enormous face and a '-'long upper lip
covered with a deep black cataract of
mustache. He used almost always to lead
the grand march. at the Elks' ball, and
he \. often awarded' the. prizes for the
wheelbarrow race, the three-legged race
and the fat men'a race at the picnics at
Ogden's Grove. It was a grand sight- to
see him swooping down a room in a two
step with- a high-stepping, prancing gait,
holding his partner's hand lightly and
proudly between his finger and thumb,
or cutting a pigeon wing after elegantly
handing a partner back in allemande left.
Besides these material exterior advant
ages he possessed the "innate spiritual
charm of good nature. He used to lunge
at and tickle the nieces and nephews
when they appeared ready for a walk in
stead of looking slightly sullen and mo
rose, as Mr Sullivan, and Mr. O'Mara
sometimes did. .-,. , ¦¦ . .
She lived with a married sister, to
whom she gave almost all her wages,
and of whose crowded Irish ilat she was
the light and joy: and justly, for she/ was
so good that she used to take numbers
Her days she spent in smilingly tying
up b«xes of candy, always hospitably
handing out a piece to the customer be
fore she closed the box; in tripping about
with a tray of Ice cream soda water, In
allowing children to choose their pur
chases by tasting them and in tactfully
guiding men, doubting over offerings to
young girls, into the judicious path of
mixed chocolates.
Her evenings and her holidays she spent
in the attendance of butchers' and gro
cers' picnics ' In Ogden's Grove, and of
the Elks', the Foresters*, and the fire
men's balls, masquerades and dancing
parties, at the numerous and pressing in
vitations of the happy young milkman,
floor walkers and firemen honored with
her acquaintance and favor.
soni»v«mes chaste, snowy squares of op
era caramels, looking doubtless much as
manna looked, but revealing to the taste
the ethereal sweetness of the ambrosia of
the ecstatic gods. Inside, of course, there
are lavender, candied violet leaves and
pink, candied rose leaves, whose flavor is
doubtless much like that of the pearl dis
solved in wine and which are probably
bought only by people who choose their
pleasures rather from a degenerate
esthetic ambition than from a healthy,
natural taste. •
Amid the mingled fragrances of these
condiments and of nuts, raisins and sug
ared almonds move lightly and gracefully
numbers of extremely pretty shopgirls;
and of all these shopgirls the very pret
tiest was Annie O'Grady.
Annie O'Grady had the sunniest smile,
the deepest dimples, the bluest eyes, the
fluffiest brown hair, the most fairy-like
figure, the whitest apron and the pinkest
shirt waist.
the midst of all the hurrying and
nervous anxiety of ehoppers and of busi
ness men, and it is Just as pay and as
gUtttrlng when the air la richly yellow
with damp, eort-ccaJ emoke, when all the
women's skirts are drabbled and when
every one i* either drapplr.g despondently
or hurrying: distractedly as It Is when the
walk* look wide and clean, when the air
blow* free and cool from the lake, when
the women have on white gloves and
every one seems to b© taking a pleasant
promenade.
It le decorated with pink and white
stucco 'and silver, like a birthday cake or
& paper-lace valentine, and It has a
gleaming" marble floor and dazzling mir
rors, plainly visible from the outside
through the broad, high windows. But
all this pink and white, these beveled
glasses and lustrous floors are only the
shrine of what lies In long rows on the
showcases. This Is sometimes balls of
rich, smooth, black chocolate; sometimes
twists of pale, creamy molasses; some
times dignified columns of shining-, striped
crimson and white peppermint sticks and
ON the moat crowded part of Btat*
¦treet. Chicago, 1b a beautiful
candy store.
It stands, cay and rlltterfng-, In
CCopyrig-fct, 1KB).
THE SUNDAY CALL.
7
ADVEBTISE3QS2TTS.
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD
Fop the Form and Complexion*
Has betn sueoesa-
/fSSv*!ft!"»s fully us«d by 1**4-
/tSJSv^ *v>w ln * aetraasaa, aing**
%>§?' vVcy fashion for mar*
Vv^J */ jj» tiian 23 jt»s%.
3S JTj "Wherewr applied
•V -J it la Instantly a.b>
, y 1 *T aorbed through th*
/ k^& c porea of th« ijun.
[y X *nd Its wonderful nu-
rr trttion feeds Ul*
'm wasting- tlssut*,
firftU Rsinovihg Pimplas
1*1 «PPHeatloa often
I Uc\»^M showing a remark*.
• *ZJ I / bl<» lmpnjv«rn«nc •
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD la poalttrely
the only preparation known to medical acienc*
that will round out hollows in ths neck ami
produce firm, healthy flesh on thin c&eeka,
arms and banda^ • •
70S DEVHIiOPUTQ TO.H BXTST
Or breasts shrunken from nursing It has th«
highest Indorsement of physicians. Two boxes
ar* often sufficient to male* th» bust firm.
larce » nd beautiful.
BOLD BY THE EMPORIUM AND OTHER
DEPARTMENT STORES AND DRUGGISTS.
Regular price. (1.00 a box. but to all who
take advantas* of this BPECIAL OFFEK and
send us on* dollar we will aend two (2) boxes.
In plain wrapper.
FD F 7 P — A aampls box and oar book.
K D C ART OB* MAS3AOE." folly ul
lustrated. will be sent free to any lady sanding
10 cent* to pay fcr cost of mailing. Address
CS. CEAXLS3 CO., 19 Far* Flaw. Htw Tirfc
Literary Furor?
Well Rather!
E. W. TOWNSEND
tHe Famous
Author of
Chimmie Fadden
Will Make His
Debut as a
Writer for
?5hQ Sunday Call
Next Sunday. .matic pauses between: sharp clicks of
the castantts rang through the hall; a
line of toes rose gradually toward tho
horizontal^ whirled more or less steadily
about, crossed behind, bent low, bowed,
and with a flutter of skirts resumed the
first position.
A little breeze of laughing admiration
circled the row of mothers and aunts.
"Isn't that too cunning! Just like a lit
tle 'ballet! Aren't they graceful, really,
now!" "¦
The whistle shrilled.
"Ready for the two-step, children!"
A mild tolerance grew on Richard. If
dancing must be. better the two-step than
anything else. Any one with a firm inten
tion of keeping the time and a strong arm
can drag a girl through it very accepta
bly. It was Dicky's custom to hurl him
self at the colored bunch nearest him,
seize a Sabine, so' to speak, and plunge
into the dance. He had bis eye on Louise
Hetherington, a large, plunmp girl, with
a tremendous braid of hair. She was a
size too big for the class, but everybody
liked to dance with her, for she knew
how, and piloted her diminutive partners
with great skill. But she had been "snap
ped up by the G-year-old Harold* and was
even now guiding his infant steps around
the hall.
Dicky skirted the row of mothers and
aunts cautiously. Heaven send Miss Doro
thy was not* looking at him! She seemed
to have eyes In the back of her bead, that
woman.
"Oh, look! Did you ever see anything
so sweet?" said somebody. Involuntarily
he turned. There in a' corner, all by her
self, a little girl was gravely performing
a dance. He stared at her curiously. For
the first time, free from all personal con
nection with them., he discovered that
those motions were pretty.
She was ethereally slender, brown-eyed,
brown-haired, brown-skinned. A little
ly considering flight.
He chuckled delightedly. Was ever such
engaging idiocy? She didn't know. Well,
well!" v;> V ¦
"Pooh!" he said grandly. "I guess you
know. Don't you, really?"
She looked hopelessly at her fan and
shook her ncad. Suddenly a light dawned
in her big eyes.
"Maybe I know,"' she .murmured. "I
gueth I know. He— he* th a really tbtate!"
"A really state? .That Isn't anything—
nothing at all. A really state?" he
frowned at her Judicially. Her lip quiv
ered. She turned and ran away.
/'Here, come back!" he called, but she
was gone.'- _ £
When at" length Miss Dorothy an
nounced "That will do for to-day" they
"What made you dance all the time
with Westoh? 1 .. She's art awful, baby— a
regular 'fraid cat.' We 'girls' tease her
Just as easy Do you. like her?"
"She's the prettiest one there!" he said.
His sister stared at' him. - .'
"Why, Dick Pendleton!*^he is not! She's
so little— she's not '.half so .pretty as Ag
nes, or— or lots of the girls. She's such a
baby. She puts her finger In her mouth
if anybody says anything at all. If you
ask her a single thing she does like this:
•I don't know, I don't know.' "
He emiled scornfully,.". Did he not know
how she did it? Had.heVnot seen that
adorable finger, those' appealing eyes?
:?i" And she can't talk plain! • She lisps—
she does." ; --.•¦'¦ . ¦-•-
VHeavens! Was ever a firl so thick-
"If you'll come over to my house I'll
showvou the biggest- rat hole you ever
saw— it's in the stable!" he said desper
ately. . It was a good deal to do for a girl,
but she was worth it.
"Oh! Oh!" she breathed, and her eyea
widened. . .. • •
"Maybe you can see the rat— he doesn't
often come out, though," he added hon
estly.. .
She shuddered and twisted her fingers
violently. ; .
"No! No!" she whispered revoltedly.
t§ I— I hate ratths! I dreamed about one!
I had to have the gath lit! Oh, no!"
Frightened at 1 -this long speech.- she
looked obstinately in- her lap, though he
tried persistently to catch her eye and
smile. ..::-, " : " . . . ¦ ¦
Their mothers' voices rose and fell; they
chattered meanlnglessly.^
anything to do with little girls before, so
we. are much impressed."
Oh, why did not the hassock yawn be
neath him and swallow him-up? To dis
cuss him as if he were a piece of furni
ture! ¦ •-• • •
Why c didn't she speak? If only they
were out of doors; in a room with pictures
and cushions a man is at such a disad
vantage. ' ' ¦ • " '
apologies rose above her sobbing; the
door closed behind Dicky and his mother.
Waves of rebuke rolled over his trou
bled spirit.
"Of air dreadful things to say to a poor,
nervous little girl! I am too mortified.
Richard, how do you learn such dreadful,
dreadful things. It's" not true."
"But, mama, it is! It truly is! When
they are little a man bites them off. Peter
told me so. He puts his mouth right
down" •
"Richard! Not another word! You ar*
disgusting— perfectly disgusting. You
trouble me very much."
He retired to the clothestree In the side
yard— there were no Junipers there— and
cursed his gods. To have made her cry!
They thought he didn't care, but, oh. ha
did! He felt as if he had eaten a cold,
gray stone that weighed down his stomach.
The eat slunk by. but he threw nothing at
her, and his ne'.ghbor's St. Bernard puppy
rolled Inquiringly into the hedge, stuck
there and thrashed about helplessly, but
he aaid nothing to frighten it He thought
of supper— they had spoken of cinnamon
rolls and little yellow" custards — but with
out the usual thrill. What was the mat
ter? Was he going to be sick? There
seemed no outlook to life— one thing was
as good as another. •»•.*
At night his mother came and sat for
a moment on the side of the bed.
'•Papa doesn't want you to feel too bad,
dear," she said. "He knows that you
never meant to frighten Cecelia so. You
know that little girls are very different
from little boys In some ways. Things
that seem — er— amusing to you seem very
cruel to them. To-morr6w would you like
to send her some flowers and write her
a little note and tell her how sorry you
are?" . .
lie could not speak, but he seized his
mother's hand and kissed it up to her lace
ruffle. The cold,"; gray stone melted away
from his stomach; again the future
stretched rosily vague before him. In
happy dreams he did the honors of the
rathole to a sweet, shy guest.
In the morning he applied -himself to
his- note of apology; his sister ruled the
lines on a beautiful sheet of paper with a
curly gold "P" at the top and he bent to
his -task with extended tongue and lines
between his eyes. He carried her the note
with a sense of Justifiable pride.
"It's spelled all right," be said, "because
•very word I didn't know Z asksA Baas.
and she told me." ¦ '
My Dear Cecelia; .*
I am going to send you soma fl*wm I
am sory they bite them of bat thay do. X
hopa you will not hafta Uta CSa ffa*» ¦*•"•
are all weU and bavetns; a good ttxaa. wtiLh.
much love X am your lortag saa,
RICHARD GARB FSSWSJOQK,
**Bsss did the period*, to! X rim «!>**
•d the large I's myself,** ha add** ewra
fortAbly. "Ia It all right!"
.Ill* mother left the room abruptly and
he, supposing It to be on of bar many
suddenly remembered errands, waa m*e
cifully unconscious of any oonnaqtion to>
tweeh himself and the roars of LauxhU*
that came from hi* father's study.
"Just as It Is. mind you. Liiata, Just aa
It is!" his father called after her as sh«
came out again; and though she Insisted
that It was too absurd and that some
thing was the matter with her children.
¦he was sure, nevertheless •&• Vf — 1 him
with no •• particular occasion and b*14 bar
peace nobly when ha selected a hideacs
purple blossom with spotty leave*. asalsV
?J by the Interested florist. 'i .
His offering was acceptable. That day
she met him on her walk and t™M'"b; al
most fearlessly, offered fr'"i a carnal an
imal cracker! True, the most obvious
projection was bitten off. and that pro
cess Is the best part of ¦"*""¦• araokars.
He gave hsr In return a long-cherlabed
canetop of polished wood, cut In the abapa
of a greyhound's head, with eyea of or
ange-colored glass. She- seemed almost ta
appreciate It. Ho had been offered a
white mouse for It more than once.
. For two long months the Little God lad
¦him along the primrose way. The poor
fellow thought It was the mala road; ha
had yet to learn It was a by-path. But
the Little God was not through with him.
Her brother, an uninteresting fellow at
first, had Improved on acquaintance, and
though he scoffed at Dicky's devotion to
his slater— thinking her a great baby— b«
had come to consider him a friend. Ons
day late In April he led Dick out to a
deserted corner of the grounds, and for
the sum of a small red top and a blue
glasa eye that had been a doll's most
. winning; feature, consented to impart to
him a song of such delicious badness that
it had to be song in secret Ha had Just
learned it himself, and the knowledge of
it admitted one. to a sort of club, whose
members were bound - together by tn»
vicious syllables. - Dicky was pleasantly
uncertain of Its meaning, but It contained
words that custom had banished from the
famtly circle.^ They crooned it fearfully,
with faces averted from the houso and an
exhilarating sense of dissipation.
Yellow belly, yellow beUy, com* aa* tak* a
¦ ¦ - ; ••Rim! -'¦ ¦ i ¦• ... ¦ - ,-'_
Tea, by jolly, when tae tide eomat tat
As he ' slipped . back to the house aien\
practicing it furtively and foretasting the
Joys of imparting It to Peter, the stable
man, Cecelia appeared suddenly from be
hind a Urge tree. She waa all smiles— «ba
was not afraid of him any more. Dancing
lightly oarone foot, she waved her bonnet
and began to sing, bubbling with laugh
ter. Horror! What did he hear?
Telly belly. y«Ily belly. oomlaT uuu a t&wtal
Tlth. by
"Oh, stop! Cissy, stop it I Too mustat
slnafthat!" he cried wildly.
She looked elfish.
"Why not? Dicky thlngth it," sha said.
with a happy smile.
She bad a heavenly habit, left . Croen
babyhood, of referring t» her Interlocu
tor and occasionally to horseif la the third
person.
"But girls mustn't sing It." he warned
her sternly. "Don't you dare to— (fa a
Becret-"
She danced farther away. )
"Dicky thingth It Thlthy thlssjth It,"
she persisted, and as he scowled ihsj
pursed her lips again.
Telly belly, yelly belly
"I won't sine It! I won't!** n« nilesl
desperately. "I won't If you'll keej» »tOl-
So there! I tell you I won't!"
She stopped, amused at his emotion. AH
ignorant of his sacrifice, all careless of
his heroic defense of, her. she only know
that she could teaso him la an entirety
new way.
And the Little God # knowing that Dicky
would keep his word, and that Peter
would never get the chance for the scan
dalized admiration once In store for htTw t
strutted proudly away and polished up
his chains. His victim was secure.
Her brother, on learning the facts, fmiw
gested slapping her well— good heavens'—
and having nothing more to do with her.
for a mean, sneaking tattle-tale. Her*
was an opportunity to break his bonds.
But to those who have served, the Little
God It will be no surprise to learn that
It was on that very evening that he mad«
his famous proposal to the assembled
family, namely, that he and Cecelia should
be really engaged like her Uncle Harry
and Miss Merriam, and In a little wall*
marry and set up housekeeping In the
guest chamber.
"That's what Miss Merriam Is goins; t»
do," he explained, "and Cissy's grandma
is sorry, too; it doesn't leave her any
place for company but the hall bedroom.
But they've got to have the room, she
s'poses."
"That will do, Richard! You are not to
repeat everything you hear. And I am
afraid I need the guest chamber. "What
should we do when Aunt Nannie comes?"
"Oh. Cissy could have her crib right In
the room. She wouldn't mind Aunt Nan
nie," he replied superbly. "She always
sleeps In a crib, and she always will. A
bed scares her— she's afraid she'll fall out.
I could sleep on the couch like Christinas
time!"
But In the manner of age the wide
world over, they merely urged him to
wait. J
It was that very night that he reached
the top of the wave, and Justified the
Little God's selection.
He came down to breakfast rapt and
quiet. He tn.tf<l his oatmeal by. mistake
and never Knew the difference. His sister
laughed derisively and explained his folly
to him as he swallowed the last spoonful,
but he only smiled kindly at her. Alter
his egg he spoke.
"I dreamed that It was dancing school.
And I went. And I waa the only fellow
there. And what do you think? Ail the
little girls were Cecelia!"
They gasped.
"You don't suppose he'll be a po«t do
you, Rl*h? Or a genius, or anything *•
bis mother inquired anxiously. *
"Liord, no!" his father returned. **I
should say he was more likely to be m.
Mormon!" .
Dick Jtnew nothing of either claaa. But
the Uttle God knew very well what he
was. and wa» at that moment mafcinr out
his diploma, *
(Copyright, 1903. by Josephine Dodge
Daskam.)
Uv vt *\HERE are you going?" said
\ A / somebod >' " he Blunk out
W toward the ..atrack.
* Tr "Oh, out." he returned,
wltn what a vaudeville ar
tist would call a good imitation of a per
son wishing to appear blamelessly forget
ful of something he remembered yu.te
distinctly.
"Well, see that you don't stay long. Re
member what it la this afternoon."
He turned like a stag at bay.
"What la It this afternoon?" he demand
ed viciously.
"You know very welL"
"What?"
"See that you're here, that's all. You've
got to get dressed."
"I will not go to that old dancing school
again, and I tell you that I won't, and I
won't. And I won't."
"Now, Dick, don't begin that all over
again. It's so silly of you. You've
«ot to go."
"Why?"
"Because it's the thing to do."
"Why?"
"Because you must ltarn to dance."
"Why?"
•"Every nice boy learns."
"Why?"
"That will do. Richard. Go and find
your pumps. Now, get right up from the
floor, and If you scratch the Morris chair
I shall speak to your lather. Aren't you
ashamed of yourself? <Jet right up. You
must expect to Le hurt if you pull so.
Come, Kichard! Now stop crying— a great
bey like you! 1 am soriy 1 hurt your el
bow, but you know very well you aren't
crying tor that at ail. Ccmo along:"
His sister riitted by the door in an en
gaging ceshabiiie, her accordion plaited
eklrt held carefully from the lloor, her
hair ia two glistening biue-knotttd pig
tails. A tiail of rose-scented soap tlitUd
through the hall.
"Hurry up, L»ick, or we'll be late," she
called Lack sweetly.
"Oh, you shut up, will you!" he snarled.
She locked met k and listened to his de
privation of dessert for the rest of the
week with an air of love for the sinner
and hatred for the sin that deceived even
her older sister, who was dressing her.
A desperately patient monologue from
the next r<^m indicated the course of
events there:
"Your necktie is on the bed. No, I don't
know where the blue one is. It doesrTt
matter. That is just as good. Yes, it is.
No, you cannot. You w;il have lo wear
one. Because no one ever goes without.
1 don't know why.
"Many a boy wou'd be thankful and
gLaxi to nave silk stockings. NoriSenso —
your legs are warm enougr.. I don't be
lieve you. Now, Kichard, how perfectly
ridiculous! 'Ihcre Is no left and right
stock.ngs. You have no t.me to change.
Shoes are a different thing. Well, hurry
up, then. Because they are made so, X
suppose. 1 don't kr.ow why.
"Brush it more on that side — no, you
can't go tj the barber's. You went last
week. It looks perfectly well. 1 cut it?
Why, 1 don't know how to trim ha.r.
Anyway, there isn't t.me now. It will
have to do. £t<<p your tc^wling, /for good
ness' sake, LMc-k. Have you a hanaker
chief? It makes no difference, you must
carry one. You ought to want to use it.
Well, you shouid. Yes, tlity always do,
whether they have colds or not. 1 doa't
know whv.
"Your Golden Text! The idea! No, you
car.net. You can ltarn that Sunday belore
chuich. 'J his is not the time to learn
Golden Texts. 1 never taw such a child.
Now take your pumps aiid find the plush
bag. Why not? Put them right wfta
KuthVs. That's what the ijag was made
for. Well, how do you want to carry
them? Why, I never heard of anything
so silly! You will knot the strings. I
don't care if they do carry skaies that
way — skates ait liot slippers. You'd lose
them. Very well, then, only hurrv up. I
Ehould think you'd be ashamed to nave
them dafigUnsj around your neck that
way. Because people never do carry theta
so. I don't know why.
"Now, here's your ccat. Well, I can't
help it; jou have no time to hunt for
them. Put your hands in your pockets —
It's not far. And, mind you, don't run for
Ruth every time. You don't take any
pains with her. and you hustle her about,
Miss Dorothy says. Take another little
glrL Yes. you must. I shall speak to
your father if you answer me in that
way. Richard. Men don't dance with their
sisters. Because they don't. I don't know
why." 9
He slatr.mc-d the door till the piazza
•hock, and strode along beside his scan
dal;s> d sister, the pumps flopping noisily
on his shoulders. She tripped along con
tentedly—she liked to go. The personality
capable of txti acting pleasure from the
hour before them laffled his comprehen
sion, and he scowled fiercely at her, rub
bing his Filk stockings together at every
step, to enjoy the strange smooth sensa
tion thus produced. This gave him a bow
legged gait that distressed his sister be
yond WOrdS. - »:>i
"I think you might stop. Everybody's
looking at you! Please stop. Dick Pcn
dleton; you're a mean old thing. I shou!d
think ,you'd be ashamr-d to carry -your
slippers that way. If you jump in that
w«t place and spatter me I shall tell
papa— you will care when I tell him. just
the same! You're Just es bad as you
can be. I shan't rpeak with you to-day!"
She pursed up her lips ar.d maintained
a determined silence. He rubbed his legs
together with renewed emphasis. Ac
quaintances met them and passed, uncon
scious of anything: but the sweet picture
of a sister and a brother and a plush bag
going daintily and dutifully to dancing
school; but his heart was hot at the in
justice of the world and the hypocritical
cant of girls, and her thoughts were busy
with her indictment of him before the
family tribunal— she hoped he would be
sent to bed. ,
He Jumped over the threshold of the
leng room and aimed bis cap at the head
of a boy he knew, who was standing on
one foot to put on a slipper. This de
stroyed his friend's balance and a cheer
lr.g scuffle followed. Life assumed a more
hopeful aspect. In the other dressing
rcom his sister had fluttered into a whls.
perlng. giggling, many-colored throng;
buzzing and chuckling with the rest, she
adjusted her Ellppers and perked ou her
bows, her braids quivering with eocla
bilitv.
A rhrlll whistle called them out In two
crowding bunches to the polished floor.
Hoping against hope, he had duns to
fi-.e brau'i'ful thoucht that Miss Dorothy
v.culd be sick, that shf hnd m'pst-d her
I rain — but no! there she was, with her
shiny. bigh-beeled ?Uppers. f.her o n.'t
*klrt that pulled out like a fan and her
silver whistle on a cha'.n. The little
clickirg caetariet* t*iat rnnjr out" sharply
were in htr hand beyond a doubt.
"Repf'y, children! Spread out. Take
your lir.es. First position. Now!" ,'..',
The large man at the piano, who always
lcok< d half asleep, thundered nut the
first 1 iirs of the latest waltz and the budl
r.css began.
Tlulr eyes were fixed solemnly on Miss
Dorothy's pointed shoes. They slipped
and slid and crossed their legs and arched
their pudgy Insteps; the bjys breathed
hard over trjeir gleaming collars. On the
r'.ght side of the hall thirty hands held
out their diminutive skirts at an alluring
angle. On tlie left neat black legs pat
tored diligently through mystic evolu
tions.
lha chorda rolled out slower, with dra-
fluffy white dress spread fan-shaped
above her-' knees; her .tiiKits wtre l>wii
•hkev ¦. The foot on which she poised
seemed hardly to rest, on the ground; the
other, point* d outward, hovered' easily—
now hen . how there. Her .eyes Wt»re ; se
rious, her hair, hung: loose* She. swayed
lightly: one. Httie gloved hand held o\it
her skirt, the other marked the time. •
L'icky advanced and bowed jerkily,
ffiasptd one ef the loops of her sash in
the back, stamped gently a moment to
vet the time, and the artist sank into the
pnrtner.
"''Don't they do It well, though! See
these little things near the door!" he
caught as they went by, and his heart
svolipd with pride.
"What's your name?" he asked abrupt
ly after the dance.
"Thethelia," r.he lisped, and shook her
hair over her ch^ek. She wis very shy.
"Mine's Richard Carr Pendlcton. My
father's a lawyer. What's yours?"
"I— I don't knowl" she gasped, obvlous-
'¦* .'.':¦ J- ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦¦/.-.' -
surged Into the dressing-rooms, to be but
toned up and pulled out of draughts and
trundled home;
She was swathed carefully in a wadded
siik jnckit and then enveloped in a hood- {
ed .Mother Hubbard- cloak. She looked.*:
lik<> an 'ahgelije" brownie. Dicky ran up to .
Yiir as a worfean'Med her oirt to a, coupe at J
the curb and,.-.tugged at the ribbon of her
cloek.
"Where do you live? Say, where do you
live?" he demanded.
Her hair was under the hood, but she
hid her face behind the woman.
•U"J— ! don't know," she said softly. The
woman, laughed.
"Why; yes, you do, Cissy," she repror
ed. <"TeII him directly, now."
' She put one tiny finger in her mouth.
"I— I gueth I live on Chethnttf thtreet."
she called as the door, slammed and shut
her in.
His sister amicably, offered him. half the .
pluah bag- to carry, and opened a run- .
nlng criticism of the afternoon. .
headed as that sister of his? Brains,
technical knowledge, experience jot ,the
world— these he had never looked 'to find
in her; but perceptions, feminine intui
tions—were they- lacking, too? .-. • • .
; "I .should HKe,"**n"e satd to his mother
the next day, J'to go arid see her."
"Well, you can go vrUhcpe to-morrow,
perhaps, when I call- on Mrs. Weston."
she assented.
"What? Why, of course not! Men
don't go calling in pumps. Your best
shoes will do. A re you crazy? A straw
hat in February? You will wear your
middy cap. Now don't argue the matter,
Richard, or you can't go at all."^
Seated opposite her on a hassock, their
mothers chatting across the room.- his as
surance withered away. There was noth
ing: whatever to say, and he said it, ade
quately perhaps, but with a sense of deep
ening embarrassment. She took refuge
behind her hair, and they stared un
comfortably at each other.
"And he has never condescended to hare
• ghe would not look at him: at his
wits' ends he played his highest card. If
she tfere of mortal flesh and blood, this
would Interest her.
"Look here! Do you know what Bos
ton bull pups are? Do you 7"
She nodded vigorously.
"Well, you know their' tails?**
She nodded uncertainly.
"You know they're Just little stumps?**
"Oh, yeth!" she beamed at him. "My
Uncle Harry'th got a j bulldog. Hlth
name lth Kit. He llketh me."
"Well, see here I Do you know how they
make their tails short? A man bites 'em
off! A fellow told me"—
"Oh I Oh I Oh!" Bhe shuddered off the
hassock and rushed to her mother, gup»
in* with horror.
"He thayth— he thayth" words failed
her. Broken sobs of "Ell! Oh, £211" filled
the parlor. He was daxed. terrified. What
had happened? What had he doneT He
was ¦*" < **^1 dlagraoafuUy from tao room;
THE LITTLE GOD AND DICKY
THE SUNDAY CALU
8
-:¦ . * CONDIJCTOR PJAgT FRANCIS ...
This Is the first of on exclusive iserles.of . nine of the.rnost thrilling
and genuinely realistic Railroad Stories ever written : : : : : : :
By FRANJC M. SPEARMflN.
BIG DOUBLE PAGES. : g : ; : ILLUSTRATED.
J ADVENTURE AND SENTIMENT IN EVERY LINE.
==NEXT SUN0eqy T ~CALL^==
If you read at all you know this author's creations are the talk, of -the world.apartments the bachelor does not always
ear* to reveal her nooks and crannies.
But she gets around this as she gets
around many other things. A few min
utes in the mornins count more than
half an hour in the afternoon when one
Is in a hurry, so she prepares her little
feast, draws a* screen partly about It and
feels secure In the knowledge that It la
ready and waiting.
There Is such an air of sociability, such
an air of good fellowship and so much
simplicity connected with an Informal
coffee that the bachelor has adopted It
as one of her favorite methods of en
tertaining. And then, too. she does not
dispense her hospitality unaided. A chap
can manage cups quite as well as she
can— that is. if he Is trained— and no girl,
no matter what her name may be. ever
gets over the love of cracking: the whip
and watching others do their little dance.
It is pre-eminently feminine.
This girl has taken tip a trick that hag
always seemed mannish and that is shak
ing hands with her friends when ther
come and when they go. She does not
trouble herself about a fellow's overcoat,
nor look to see whether he has forgotten
his stick; these things he must look to
himself and It would be worse than poor
venttonallsms . and .cares less what folks
think of her as long as they do not pass
the "erratic" mark, for her life has wld-
ened and she no longer treads the beaten
path, but has little side tracks paved with
Individuality.
Yet to .be the popular girl, the attrac
tive girl, there are pemnal qualities that
must be hers. She must know how to
receive guests and how to speed them on
their way. She must know how to en
gage them in light If sometimes frivo
lous conversation, and above all she must
have tact, presence of mind and the abil
ity to say the tight thing at the right
time. With these tucked under bet arm,
she could brave the world and be sure of
coming out on top of any shuffle.
But there are a few things that this
wondrous maid must- positively not; have.
Her little reception -room must be ' fitted
up In . good taste and to represent noth
ing, else under the shining sun but a re
ception room. There must be no wash
stands but half way. concealed,, a coucb
that has bed written all over It with
capital letters instead of pillows, or an
array of suggestive cookery articles
These things positively must not be.
: The , bachelor .„ who makes her apart
ments a study appreciates the cozy ef
fects. Her belongings may not be worth
more than a handful of pennies, a pot of
palms, a candlestick, a trinket here and
there and some glmcracks that take the
place of "bric-a-brac, yet they arc so ar
ranged, that they, give the appearance of
a homey home.
In one corner she finds that the chafing,
dish with ite bubbling mysteries gives
her excellent opportunities for harmless
frolics;, in another she establishes a coxy
corner filled with souvenirs of this, that
and the other thing that i never fall i to
be interesting, ..and. the rest .of her
"sphere" Is rounded off In coxy sections
with individuality.
If this maid bachelor can reach her
home a little before S In the afternoon
she may entertain In the easiest but one
of the most effective ways In the world.
Over her tea standard may bubble and
boll a .kettle, or If she prefers the 4
o'clock coffee, which so many do these
days, she has a small spirit lamp that
sends forth Its appetizing fumes almost
In the' twinkling of an eye.
No girl, no matter whether she Is a
bachelor, an old maid or a sweet bud,
can prepare coffee In a second. The ta
ble must be daintily set. thin bread, sand
wich fashion, must be buttered and sweet
cakes must be set forth, and In small
taate for her to assist to gmtaertar Ms
belongings; but she does extend her band
in a frank, cordial way and bid him wel
come when he wills.' An Invitation or*«
extended to coffee Is a permanent on* and
there Is no need to repeat It unle*s ua«
certainty Is decidedly noticeable.
. There are hosts of things that this ad
vanced young woman has added to her
rights. In forsaking the cheerless board-*
ing house she took the biggest leap of all.
but she landed high and dry and found
herself not only happier and more con
tented but a creature whoso whims and
fancies are pampered more than tb«y had
ever been before. She Instantly changed
from the drab to the rosy, from the ordi
nary to the fascinating and all because
she willed to be a happier woman than
¦he could have been under any other cir
cumstances. :
Society has broadened and the woman
who has alvocatlon need never be afraid
of being lonely, neither need she b«
afraid of gossip and unkind chattw, for
just as long as she adheres to certain
rules of etiquette the bachelor gtrl wtn
bean immense favorite, living happOji
and radiating contentment and oh*erfa|«
ness about her.
But the gods be praised we have I a
brand spanking new kind of an "old maid."
And she isn't an old maid at all. Best
of all ho one even ever thinks of her
summers, and winters axe positively sever
She was an "old maid" and If ever
znortai looked the part she did after a
summer or two. Instead of Keeping her
self fresh, and young looking to please
her friends she went about with that
don't-care expression eternally and for
ever on her face, and of a truth she
tfldu't care., for the simple reason that
BOpone entered her life that was worth
troubling about. Each hum-drum week
was the same as the one that bad gone
before It.
At twenty-five she was drab and slow.
Thirty found her too faded to be attract
ive and at thirty-five she ranked with
her own grandmother and all the maiden
avunts in the country.
THE bachelor maid and her new life
In a great city is the most attrac
tive and fascinating of all lives.
ThJs girl, by the way. is an en
tirely new type, for until the last
half dozen years she was an unknown
quantity, although on the ragged edge of
making herself heard and felt in a tiny
world of her own. All can without diffi
culty remember the fairy stories that
brightened chi!d:sh days in which the
fairy god-motlier invariably bestowed
coruentmtnt upon her chosen few rather
than -'great riches." It is more than un
fortunate that there are not a few fames
scattered about in this advanced age, for
there are great bands of discontented
people thoroughly dissatisfied with them
selves and their surroundings, entirely
out of gear with their environments and
absolutely uncomfortable, but thanks be,
help ha* poured in from ar. unexpected
quarter In the shape of the bachelor girl.
In the times of yore if a girl suddenly
found herself with poverty staring her
in the face, it is true she -made a brave
front of it and hustled from one place
to another until she had secured some
kind Dff employment. ;
She had been cut off by a sex line from
all the gt»od things of this earth and her
fate had, been determined from the day
of her birth, so she thought in her con
•ervatisrn. and without try:ng to alter
her condition in any respect she settled
herself down tc follow out a life narrow
and intense.
But, of course. ev->-ybody knows and
understands full wjihat the bachelor
girl, is .quite unlike "\iy other and they
grant her almost unlimited leeway They
know that she thinks but little of the con-
She receives her guests, both masculine
and feminine,' with as perfect freedom as
though a chaperon ; was :' standing t at, her
back and watching "every movement with
her eagle eye. She Is ever courteous and
she demands respect and courtesy by her
simplicity and ea^y, manner.
If she entertainsTier friends with a wee
small dinner, the evening is the time they
are Invited, and ehe cooks and serves It
herself, because, forsooth, there le no one
to do it for her, but in doing It. she makes
such rollicking fun out of It- that each
and every guest feels it a distinct honor
to be there • and enters into . the frolic
right royally. There. Is. no stiffness about
her or her home, but always that name
less charm called "manner."
So she dons her sweetest frock, tucks
a bow or a flower in her hair in a cou
quettish. fashion' and "prepares for war
generally. If it is war to the death she
takes the trouble to discover Individual
tastes and to find out what pleases' each
one the most, and then - with a slyness
and a deftness all her. own,, manages to
see that the right thing is forthcoming
at the ' right time, i
The evening of a bachelor girl Is her
day time and 'she is forced to use it as
such unless she is contented to Vork,
work, work and live otherwise in a state
of vegetation. It is true she may be
weary body and soul, but society demands
just so much of her time, "and whether
she will or.no it must be given or else
Borne bright day she will wake up and
discover herself a complete, nonentity.
Friends are queer beings. If you are ever
before them they remember you, but per
mit a few months to keep you apart and
lo and behold, you are as though you had
never been. •
self and spend her days In a dreary, lone
some fashion. So in selecting her flat
she keeps a weather eye out for conven
iences | and arranges her numerous be
longings so that she can do her own
work with little r or no trouble and then
skip away to her duties. It might be all
well and good to keep a maid, and no one
will deny that they are mighty useful
about dinner time, but comparatively
speaking they are too much of a luxury.
Space i3 limited, money is limited and
time «s limited."
• Her home, be It large or small, Is by
courtesy dubbed an apartment, for she
rarely can afford a flat proper and be
sides a perfect network of small fami
lies so far away and yet so near have
their compensations Although -she is
alone it is quite another thing to be
lonely.
And family! She has none. That Is ex
actly the reason which makes her a bach
elor maid and that makes her position in
life peculiar She stands alone without
a prop or a support she asks no odds of
an> one and she even denies herself the
privilege of having things made easier
for her just because fate decreed that she
must be a woman She stands shoulder
to shoulder to man and when she de
manded his lights she accepted his bur
dens quite at a matter of course.
And thle home of hers Of course, the
bachelor maid Is always a professional
woman, for what other excuse could she
offer' for cutting herself free from soci
ety and people in general to live by her-
This home, as it chances, is what rives
this business woman her new name, and
Incidentally it Is the halo which throws
the glamour of a subtle charm about her
Her rooms and her life are her very own
to do with as she deems best and It is
this very freedom that is her unquestion
able right which makes her the. center of
many wondering eyee.
And really that isn't the way of it at
all. What is her first move after finding
employment? Why. the hunting and fit
ting up of a home, no matter how small
ar.d cramped it may be, for after -a busy
day's work It affords her the rest, the
quiet and the peace that every home lover
finds in a pet corner.
mentioned. No matter what tier age may
be she is always a young maid. Into the
forties and into the fifties she Is attract
ive, and. in fact, justas long as she re
mains a bachelor maid there is a cer
tain fascination about her that makes
her simply charming and worth cultivat
ing.
And how this woman Is abused! It
has always been the mark of femininity
to do housework, to understand the art
of boiling potatoes and grubbing gen
erally, but when she added letter? to her
name, passed from college Into the world
with a profession at her fingers" ends.
It was a positive fact that she was mas
culine, that she was forward and apt to
be a decided crank.
THE ETIQUETTE
OF THE
BACHELOR GIRL
Sunday Call
Women and Children's Sectionspace. for the new art button hu.ltf
work to do. -
lime. Patti's Gown*.
Mme. Pattl, who is. the 'smartest of all
¦wellidressed women, has a way of turn
ing back a velvet cuff and fastening it
with a big handsome % button. • She also
knows how to -turn back'a.wide collar
and seta button to keep It in'place. Her
button collection is very large and some
of the buttons are very valuable. When
not in use upon a gown they are kept in
a Jewel case. ' Madame's twilight gowns
are of marvelous beauty.
The dinner gowns, for an Informal din-
ner at home when there is no one ex-.
Pected outside the family, can be cut on
charming lines and made of pretty ma
terials, but it should not look -like a
wrapper nor yet like a tea gown. Though
an informal 1 dress It has its formalities.
It Is quite different from a negligee,
which savors of the sleeping room al-
tucks, each tuck headed with a little
fancy fagoting. A skirt like this is with
in the skill of the home dressmaker,
who must remember, however, to make
the skirt very long even though It be very
simple in design.
A lovely little house coat which should
be in the wardrobe of every woman who
aspires to dress well Is made of panne
velvet. If you do not want to go Into
velvet you could make It of face cloth or
of satin or of , taffeta. It will be found
the most economical article in one's ward
robe.
Latest French Fashions.
The "French woman, without her house
coat would be lost and the well dressed
American woman should not be behind
her In appreciation of this garment ! It
can be made from odds and ends. A
pretty material from which to make it is
biscuit colored panne. Let It be cut short
and shaped like a cut-away Jacket, but
toning to the bust, then flaring a little.
The back Is very tight fitting and there
Is Just the suggestion of a frill around
the hips.
The beauty of the house coat is that
it can be worn all winter over the old
shirt waists of summer. It is cut low
in the neck and is provided with a wide
silk sailor collar. It can be cut off at tne
elbows and finished with a flare cut. Thus
made it is one of the prettiest of all gar
ments for house wear. The undersleevei
bag prettily below it and the throat is
made handsome with a lace finish.
That the summer shirt waist is to be
worn all winter is now a settled fact and
the woman who does not know how to
wear thin waists in the winter time must
speedily learn. She must get "on to" the
trick of the heavy lawn underwaist and
must master the intricacies of the little
house coat, which protects all but the
front of the waist and the sleeves, and
which is slipped on over any shirt waist
with stunning effect
. The science of the button, used as a
trimming, is something to be studied.
There is a great deal in knowing how to
use your very expensive buttons after
you have purchased them, and there Is
everything in understanding what not to
do with them. ' Buttons that stand like
sentinels in a stupid row upon the front
of the waist are no ornament at all.
Neither are buttons that occupy useless
"Where did you get the beautiful laoe
in your sleeves?" asked one woman of
anohter. '. ;,
"I cut up the best parts of an old lace
curtain," replied the woman, patting her
pretty house sleeves with conscious pride.
And this only goes to show how mater
ials can be used for gowning fair woman
this season and how every scrap of lace
can be utilized no matter what may have
been Its previous condition or servitude.
Fine linen, fine net and fine goods of
all kinds can be made into sleeves, for
fashion says that they need not match
the. gown. Big linen puffs may bag over
the wrists and .big lace puffs may bag
over the knuckles, regardless of the style
or kind of dress which they adorn.
Those who are looking for fashion
"tips" will be glad to know that the
beaded work which was so dressy and so
popular will remain in style. •
That yoke collars fitting closely over
the shoulders will be worn with a deep
ways, no matter how elegantly planned
It may be, and yet It has none of the
stiffness of the dinner gown.
One of the prettiest of all sights is the
shopping woman, worn with the labors
of the day, in a twilight gown, ready for
dinner. Her dress is a dainty flowered
stuff, making her look like a china wo
man. Her slippers are trimmed with fig
ured bows of ribbon, in the middle of
which there is a tiny but very brilliant
buckle. Around her waist Is folded a
figured sash and at her throat nestles a
wide ruching.
This same woman another evening will
wear the severe type of gown, the one
that is tucked as to the skirt in little
tucks laid all around the belt, while the
waist is made in baby waist style, but
toning in the back In French fashion. A
very- wide girdle, all in black, laid in
many folds Is passed around the waist
and tied in the back in a very severe
four-in-hand with very long ends.
Many of the twilight gowns, have laoe
sleeves, and, speaking of these, here is a
true story:
That there Is talk of reviving the cus
tom of dining In picture hats, and that
wonderful drooping hats are being de
signed for this very purpose.
That very large and very beautiful
mother-of-pearl buttons will be seen, and
that these exquisite pieces of pearl will
be trimmed with enamel decorations to
bring out the opalescent tints.
And that, while the main attention Is
turned to handsome gowns, the ey» roves.
nevertheless, toward tne very handsome
petticoats which are displayed In the
shops and which are made up with a reck
less disregard for cost or for anything
else except the beauty thereof.
The petticoat absolutely must flare
around the foot, and to make It do so is
one of the problems of modern dressmak
ing and modern petticoat construction.
Ruffles are set, one on top of the other, to
make the full foot flare, and under the
ruffles is set a frill of stiff silk which Is
warranted to keep the silk ruffles well
OUt. ¦/*.; ¦¦<
Ruffles are of all shapes, scalloped,
frilled, petal trimmed and cut in squares,
anything to make a fullness around the"
foot
Dame Fashion has other fads ready to
spring upon a willing feminine world, but.
like Dame Nature and all others of her
sex, she keeps her surprises well hidden
and springs them upon the world only in
her own good time.
That lingerie hats an of lace will be
worn all winter and that the dressiest new
hat seen this season Is made of silver
lace, trimmed with very small pink roses.
That hand-painted lace 'and embroid
ered lace will be used upon hats, upon
blouses and upon the skirts of evening
dresses.
That the milliners are busy trying to
raise the low crowns and are resorting to
various means.
That dressmakers are at the point of
mutiny, for all gowns must b« trimmed
with needlework and needlework of the
most trying description, fagoting, hem
stitching, smocking, French knots, trac
ings and coral stltchlngs.
That embroideries are to be used in
new ways, not merely as edgings, but as
trimmings, put on in bands a few Inches
apart, wherever the stylo of sown will
permit.
That the soft silk scarf play* a very
Important part In this season's fashions
and is used as a lacing for the front of
the bodice and for the front of to* little
street coat Large eyelet holes are work
ed into the coat and the allk scarf Is
laced through them.
That every gown must have Its cape
collar to be sometimes worn and some
times left off, but in the wardrobe,
whether it be always worn or not.
That autumn will see the high crowned
hat coming in and that the low crown is
slowly disappearing.
That It la absolutely necessary to have
a coat and skirt suit for early fall wear
and that the skirt may b« plain if pre
ferred, while the coat can bo simple Nor
folk Jacket. s
That the straight walking coat, com
ing Just to the hips and belted with a
loose leather belt. Is the nattiest thing of
autumn, and that this coat can bo of any
color to match the skirt or to contrast
with it.
That the straight flounce makes a very
nice finish for the walking skirt and that
three, four, five or eix of these straight
flounces can be advantageously used upon
the bottom of a street dress.
That linen must be decorated with small
embroidered dots no larger than a. speck
In order to be pretty and fashionable.
That scraps of chiffon can b« shirred
and used fs a trimming for evening
waists, and that the chiffon can be con
veniently disposed to cover worn spots.
flounce attached, lone enough to fan to
the elbows.
To b« very practical upon the subject
of the twilight gown on* can mention the
model which is made of cashmere In a
ehade of tan. a tan that is almost brown.
The skirt, which is of conventional cut.
Is long In the back. It Is very plainly
trimmed with four straight flounces four
Inches wide. There Is no heading to
these flounces.
Another of these pretty twilight gowns
Is made of light blue cloth with satin
sheen. The bottom of the eklrt. which is
very long, is trimmed with four very dean
One of the most charming women at
home is the Princess Troubetzkoy for
merly Amelie Rives. It was she who was
one of the first to discover the beauties
of the draped gown, and In her fondness
for It she was closely seconded by Mrs
William C Whitney and Mrs. Cleveland'
both of whom popularized it in that day
in Washington. Now you will see this
same gown made more conventionally
but retaining many of its old points of
beauty.
Modern fashions have much trans
formed the Roman toga gown until now
It is made over a fitted foundation and
the long flowing lines are bordered with
Persian embroidery and there is a Per
sian band around the foot of the gown.
A very conventional stock of Persian
stuff and very wide sleeves bordered with
the same give an up-to-date look to this
gown.
The Roman toga gown is flowing In all
Its lines But its particular feature is
that it is fastened upon the left shoulder
In Roman toga fashion, while from the
fhoulder it falls away in long lines clear
to the ground.
The Boman Toga Gown.
The Roman toga house gown, or twi
light gown. Is one that looks very simple
to the eye. but It is difficult to make.
Puxzling as this gown is to the amateur,
it is really worth the while if one is go-
Ing in for pretty house dresses.
The house gown, with its flowing lines,
may have the high empire belt, and this
is accomplished by the mere folding of
silk material across the waist line high
enough to outline the bust. This Is an
old style, but one that does not go out,
for you se« it repeated in all the new
fashions of winter.
Never under any circumstances in this
year of our graceful fashions should a
¦woman undertake to tighten the belt.
Lace. If lace you must, from the corset,
but let the outer garments be very easy
in fit. This is the positive rule, which,
unless well observed, will cause the gown
to look very much out of the mode.
Another way to make the girdle Is to
pupp'.y a foundation of boned crinoline.
This is covered with folds of silk that are
finished 8t the back with little knots of
ribbon. The bottom knot hangs down
long, with ends that almost reach the.
bottom of the Fklrt- These are knotted
two or three times to give a finish to the
girdle.
The French dressmakers Insist that the
girdle be very loose. They will tighten
the corset until the victim Is almost
strangled, but when it comes to putting
on the girdle this article is placed loosely
around the waist and its folds axe very
lightly laid. Its ribbon ends are loosely
tied and the whole girdle looks as though
It might be worn a great deal tighter. In
this way the figure Is given an air of
elimness.
To 2£r.ke the Figure Slim.
Almost a necessary feature of the twi
lipht govrn Is the wide girdle. This la
made of any material and Is finished In
any one of a variety of ways. The
French are very fond of the kid girdle,
which stretches to fit the waist and looks
very neat. A white kid girdle can be
worn a long time, as can one of black.
The red kid ones are very effective, while
the blue and gTeen are decidedly chic,
worn around the waist of house gowns
that are made In the pale green or the
pale cream tones.
When the girdle la made of silk or vel
vet, of ribbon or of cloth. It Is by far the
best plan to supply an Inner belt of the
desired width of crinoline. This Inner belt
5s covered with fl'k muslin of the desired
Fhade, and over this Is carelessly draped
the outer pirdle
A trimming that is new this fall is the
pit •« e of niching two or three inches long.
A yard of ruching is cut up In three-Inch
lengths, and these lengths are used to
trim the front of the house gown, taking
the place of the bow of ribbon or the
bow of velvet.
The fad for ruchlngs finds expression
1n the trimming nf Indoor gowns, which
ere decorated with nxchlnc* of all kinds.
A very pretty ruche is the one that Is
made of si'.k ard Bhirred through the mid
dle. A little vine cf flowers Is run along
the shirring and the little flowers are al
most r-ut not quite buried in the ruche.
Another ruchlng that Is very popular is
the one with scalloped edges. This nich
ing is gathered In the middle and little
knots of velvet are eet at intervals of
three inches. Ruchlngs are made of
everything and are made in all sorts of
ways, and the wonder is that there are
frowns enough upon which to place them,
for they are so numerous.
Kuchinjjs and Girdles.
Since all women wear the low cut neck
In winter now as well as In summer, and
since the low cut neck is both comfort
able and becoming, it is well to cut the
twilight gown in a wide point In the
front and roundine In the back. This
open ppace can be filled In with a chemi
sette if desired.
r* jr T infly. when the dusk of early
( \/l fa!1 bf e in8 t0 dee P cn Int0 twl "
I y I light aiid the dinner hour ap-
I proachcs. puts on. not a tea
•^ gown, of course, but a twilight
gown! This ia a crow between a dinner
dress and a negligee, with all the beauty
cf the former and all the comfort of the
latter. Its particular virtue ie that It IB
chf-ap without beir.s common.
There Is a certain distinction about the
twilight sown which will be at once ob
servable to you If you will Btudy it. It
Is fo loose, yet so clinging; so unconflned,
yet to firm about the waist line; It is so
dressy, yet bo unconventional, bo becom
ing and ao stylish, yet bo free from stiff
ness, that It reco trim ends itself to the
world of women £t eight.
A certain society dame who occasion
ally allow* herself an evening at home
declared to her modiste that her husband
did not like her dinner (towns. "They
look too much like wrappers." said she.
"Yet I must have something loose to wear
after the social round of the afternoon."
"Then get a twilight gown." said the
modiste; and immediately she fashioned
for her patron a twilipht dress which was
eo charming that It became a household
favorite,
Mrs. W. K. Vanderbilt Sr.. Just home
from Europe, a bride, wears for dinners
tit home, wh'fn there are no guests, a
charming twilipht gown which could be
easily copied. It is cut upon the style of
a court dress of a hundied years ago.
open in the front and worn with a lace
petticoat. The overdress is made of young
leaf green veiling, with knots of ribbon
end lace down each side of the front,
wh:»h opens very much like a polonaise.
Th«=re is a folded ribbon belt.
THE SUNDAr.CALL.
MY LADY IN HER
TWILIGHT GOWN
10
Literary Furor?
Well Rather!
E. W. TOWNSEND
the Famous
Author of
Chimmie Fadden
Will Make His
Debut as a
Writer for
&/>e Sunday Call
Nest Sunday*request th« vleatur* of
company at breakfast on Friday, tbe first of
June, at twelve o'clock,
at nine hundred and three Eighth avenue.
When ceremonies take place later In the
day the form changes a trifle:
Mr. and Mrs. Clark Swain
requeat the pleasure of :
company on ' Saturday, the first of May,
. ¦ at eight o'clock,
at -eight -hundred Van 'Ness avenut. ¦
Many times those who are bidden to the
ceremony are ¦ not invited to the recep
tion, or if cards are Issued for a recep-
tlon a separate' "one Is Inclosed to those
whom it is : desired to have witness the
wedding, 'Itself:
. Ceremony at half after seven.
The girl. who has neither relations nor
a guardian Is the one who- ponders and
puzzles, for she scarcely knows how to
gather her friends about her. Her best
Tour presence . la requested
-. at . the maniaga of
Mm Joan Bradley
¦to
Mr. Charles Albert Brown
on Tuesday, the eighth of August.
told that "Mrs. Gravey has gone to town
to spend the day." The little "at home"
cards are neat and very explicit:
¦Will be at home
on the afternoons of Wednesdays,
the fourth, eleventh and eighteenth of August,
at «lx hundred and four Sixteenth street.
Oakland.
Naturally it Is not at all fit to use the
name of the young folks on the cards as
they are. of course, not yet married. But
when they are Inclosed with the an
nouncements It is entirely different, and
they should read:
Mr. and Mra. William Henry Sessions,
Wednesday*.
after August the fifth, six hundred and four
Sixteenth street.
The hours and the days of smart wed
dings change as all other fashion* do. but
almost any hour that pleases the bride
is permissible, although "high noon" and
9 o'clock tn tbe evening are the most ap
proved houra for exceedingly fit affairs.
When noon Is chosen the reception
which follows ia designated "breakfast"
and cards are generally Inclosed with the
invitations:
Mr. and Mra. Jamea Dudley Brown '
(~* y EPTEMBER, the month cf chrys
>©. anthemums and brides. Is here,
V-Jvvhen the young maid's fancy turn3
hS lightly to thoughts of wedding tin
cry and wedding stationery.
Styles cf type, like all other novelties,
change every year, and just at present
the rather ; Equare tftects are aul lue
\CRUC.
Of course, it goes without faying that
In this newest of stationery there never
ehould be any abbreviations and lh:il fut
ures never should be used, as for instance,
the number nf the residence pbould l>e
written out and engraved in full. Per
haps the. greatest number or questions
arij'o over th«' issuing of invitations, but
It should be thoroughly understood that
all guests are bidden In the name of tho
faiher and mother, or if neither be. liv
ing, in the name of the bride's nearest rel
ative—her brother, unless lie chances to
be younger, and then it is wisest to make
thrm quite ns simple as possible. One
tr.ir.c must be rememb€T«-d thouch: If
tlie Invitations] nre sent by other than h«r
parents the prefix "Miss" is added, but
otherwise her name is given as plain
Miiry I»ui8e.
If the groom is connected u-ith the army
or navy below the rank of lieutenant the
prefix "Mr." Is n» d, bin a!I officers, as
a rule, have their titles prefixed In fii I
to their name. iVbfesjdonal titles, such
us Dr. or Htv.. may be employed if one
pleases* but it is far better to omit hon
orary titles
Never have the year engraved on the
Invitations It is the worst possible taste,
nnd as it Is invariably engraved on the
ar.r.ouncerm nts really is not necessary.
.Anothet important don't concerns the
Christian n:im» s. The time has passed
¦when initials are considered sufficienl and
all name? are. quite as a matter of course,
wrifun in full. And Fee to it that the
Tvnrd "and" is used between "Mr." and
"Mr*.*" in place o f the sign mark. That
It simp'y too provincial for any words
and never fails to make one appear hope
lessly ridiculous.
For a church wedding the. most pop
ular form of invitation reads:
Mr and Mr* Gpctk- Clark Thompson
request the honor
oresence at the'mVrr'la'cV'of their daughter
Katnryn Elizabeth
to
Mr. William Henry Session*
On th- rv-nii.c rf Wednesday, the fixth day
of July, at half after seven o'clock.
At St. Lukes Church.
A blank place Is left to write In the
name of the guest, as It Is thought to ba
far more personal than to merely * re
quest the honor of your presence." This,
however, is also perfectly correct, and if
one does not care to take the trouble to
fill Jn ell the names. Is the only form that
should be used. "Request the pleasure of
your company" never should be found on
a church invitation, but Invariably on
that of a home wedding or reception in
vitation .
Widows are forever In a quandary about
their second marriages, puzzle over their
wedding frocks and ponder over the
wording of their invitations, but it is
simple when one stops to think about It.
There really is but one way. Her parents
issue them, in the usual fashion, with her
Christian name and the surname of her
deceased husband. The prefix "Mrs." or
her married name may be given In
brackets below her Christian name if she
pleases, but it i* far more conspicuous
and but little liked.
Oftentimes the young people inclose
their new address and state when their
friends will be able to find them at home,
for it is anything but pleasant to travel
across the bay or Into the suburbs to b«
at h!xh boob.
Eltrht hundred Van Neit •.?•an*.
That covers all her difficulties and Xhm
lack of parents or guardians la hardly.
?otlced.
Now and then double weddings are cele
brated and- when the brides are sisters
nothing could be prettier. Instead of Is
suing two sets of requests one la ample
and the two names are engraved on tha
same card:
Mr. and Mra. Burbaak BmitSi
request the honor of
presence at the marriage of their daughters*
Isabel
u
Mr. Arthur Francis Rayne*
and
Janet
to
Mr. George Clarence Bandy.
oa the evening of Wednesday, the fourth of 11*7,
at nine o'clock,
at St. Mary's Cathedral.
When the bride's brother Invites their
mutual friends be may associate his
wife's name In describing the bride as
their sister, and a married sister includes
the name of her husband. However,
when desired, distinct relationship may
be made In this manner:
Mr. and Mrs. Lowell Gray
request the honor of
presence at the marriage of «
Mr. Gray's sister,
Elizabeth.
Buch a form simplifies matters and Is
quite the best to choose when the bride
chances to be a granddaughter, a niece,
a sister or a ward. Her surname Is al
ways given and all possible errors ax*
avoided by this method.
No matter how elaborate the prepara
tions may be, all Invitations and an
nouncements are engraved uniformly, the
announcements being sent out the day
following the marriage:'
Mr. and Mrs. Itolln Swaaey
announce the marriage of their daughta*'
I • Miriam
to
Mr. Frederick Edward Hammersmith.
on Saturday, th*> second of November.
nineteen hundred and three, at
San Francisco,
California.
The older form reads: .
Mr. Frederick Edward HammeramltX
Miss Miriam Swuey.
Married.
©n Saturday, the srt-und of November,
nineteen hundred and three,
San Francisco.
I California.
It Is a common mistake to Include the
entire family in one invitation. Properly
speaking there should be on» for "Mr.
and Mrs.." another for "the Misses" and
a separate one to the adult sons. If
there chance to be three or more daugh
ters It Is far wiser to address one to the
eldest. Then there Is no possible chanc*
of appearing cheap or of having the in
vitations rive out.
There Is but one other card that Is ever
used and that Is for reasons of Illness or
death In the family. As a rule they are
not engraved, but are printed from type:
Owing to Illness m the family
Mr. and Mrs. William Clark IlaramommltSk
. . are obliged to recall the Invitation*
for the wedding of their daughter
* en Tuesday, the twenty-fifth of August.
I San Francisco, California.
All Invitations depend largely upon the
circumstances. For instance, if the wed
ding is to be at a hotel or at a hail *
card Is enclosed Indicating the address to
which replies are to be sent:
R. s. v. p.
at seven hundred and eight Busb street.
It is surprising when one orders wed
ding stationery to aee how many cards
and tbe Uke are deemed necessary, but
as one Is. as a rule, married but once In
a lifetime they are all cheerfully ordered
and the lady fair leaves the shop with a
new dignity, for is she not almost Urs.
60 b. n <3 So ?
THE LATEST IN WEDDING
STATIONARY
A TH3: SUNDAY, CALL.
11THE SUNDAY C Alii*.
12
This is the fourth and last in
stallment of "BTexrster'a Millions."
Watch thes« pages for a genuine sur
prise next Sunday.
Copyright 1903 by Herbert S. Stone & Co.
All rights reserved.
CHAPTER XXIIL
AN OFFER OF MARRIAGE.
£~r> HE summer is scarcely a, good time
I to visit Egypt, but Monty and his
I guests had a desire to see even a
I little of the northern coast of
Africa. It was decided, therefore,
that after Athens, the "Flitter" should
go south. The yacht had met them
at Naples after the automobile pro
cessloa—a kind of triumphal progress.—
vas disbanded in Florence, and they had
taken a hurried survey of Rome. By the
middle of July the party was leaving the
heat of Egypt and finding it not half bad.
New York was not' more than a month
away as Brewster reckoned time and dis
tance, and there was still too much money
In the treasury. As September drew near
er he got into the habit of frequently for
getting Swearengen Jones until it was too
late to retrace his steps. He was coming
to the "death struggle," as he termed it,
an* there was something rather terror
izing In the fear that "the million might
die bard." And so these last days
and nights were glorious ones,
if one could have looked at them with
unbiased, untroubled ¦ eyes. But every
member of hla party was praying for the
day when the "Flitter" would be well into
the broad Atlantic and the worst over.
At Alexandria Brewster bad letters to
some Englishmen, and in the few enter
tainments that he gave succeeded once
again In fairly outdoing Aladdin.
A sheik from the Interior waa a guest
at one of Monty's entertainments. He
was a burly, hot-blooded fellow, with a
densely-populated harem, and he had
been invited more as a curiosity than as
one to be honored. As he came aboard
the "Flitter" Monty believed the invita
tion was more than Justified. Mohammed
was superb, and the women of the party
made so much of him that it was small
wonder that his head was turned. He fell
desperately In love with Peggy Gray on
sight, and with all the composure of a
potentate who has never been crossed he
sent for Brewster the next day and told
him to "send her around" and he would
marry her. Monty's blood boiled furious
ly for a minute or two, but he was quick
to see the wisdom of treating the propo
sition diplomatically. He tried to make it
plain to the sheik that Miss Gray could
not accept the honor he wished to confer
upon her. but It was not Mohammed's
custom to be denied anything he asked
for— especially anything feminine. He
complacently announced that he would
come aboard that afternoon and talk it
over with Peggy.
Breweter looked the swarthy gentleman
over with unconcealed disgust in his eyes.
The mere thought of this ugly brute so
much as touching the hand of little Peggy
Gray filled him with horror, and yet there
was something laughable in the situa
tion. He could not hide the smile that
came with the mind picture of Peggy
listening to the avowal of the sheik. The
Arab misinterpreted this exhibition of
mirth. To him the grin Indicated friend
ship and encouragement. He wanted to
give Brewster a ring as a pledge of af
fection, but the American declined the of
fering and also refused to carry a bag
of Jewels to Peggy.
"I'll let the old boy come aboard Just to
see Peggy look a hole through him," he
resolved. "No matter how obnoxious it
may be, it isn't every girl who can say
an Oriental potentate has asked her to
marry him. If this camel-herder gets dis
agreeable we may tumble him Into the
sea for a change."
With the beat grace possible he Invited
the sheik to come aboard and consult
Miss Gray in person. Mohammed was a
good bit puzzled over the intimation that
it would be necessary for him to plead
for anything he had expressed a desire
to possess. Brewster confided the news to
"Rip" Van Winkle and "Subway" Smith,
who had gone ashore with him, and the
trio agreed that it would be good sport
to let the royal proposal come as a sur
prise to Peggy. Van Winkle returned to
the yacht at once, but his companions
stayed ashore to do some shopping. When
they approached the "Flitter" later on
they observed an unusual commotion on
deck.
Mohammed had not tarried long after
their -departure. He gathered his train
together, selected a few costly presents
that had been returned from the harem
and advanced on the boat without delay.
The captain of the "Flitter" stared long
and hard at the gayly bedecked launches
and then called to bis first officer. To
gether they watched the ceremonious ap
proach. A couple of brown-faced heralds
came aboard first and announced the ap
proach of the mighty chief. Captain Perry
went forward to greet the sheik as he
came over the side of the ship, but he
was brushed aside by the advance guards.
Half a hundred swarthy fellows crowded
aboard and then came the sheik, the per
sonification of pomp and pride.
"Where Is she?" he asked in his native
tongue. The passengers were by this
time awaxe of the visitation and began to
straggle on deck, filled with curiosity.
"What the devil do you mean by com
ing aboard in this manner?" demanded
the now irate Captain Perry, shoving a
couple of retainers out of his path an*
facing the beaming aultor. Aa Interpreter
took a band at this Juncture and the
doughty captain finally was made to un
derstand the object of the visit He
laughed in the sheik's face and told the
mate to call up a. few Jackles to drive
the "dagoes" off. "Rip" Van Winkle In
terfered and peace was restored. The
cruise had changed "Rip" into a happier
and far more radiant creature, so it was
only natural that he should have shared
the secret with Mary Valentine. He had
told the story of the sheik's demand to
her aa soon aa he came aboard, and she
had divulged it to Peggy the Instant
"Rip" was out of sight.
Brewster found the sheik sitting in state
on the upper deck impatiently await
ing the appearance of his charmer.
He did not know her name, but he
had tranquilly commanded "Rip" to
produce all of the women on board
so that he might select Peggy from
among them. Van Winkle and Bragdon,
who now waa in the secret, were prepar
ing to inarch the ladles past the ruler
when Monty came up.
"Haa he seen Peggy V he asked of Van
Winkle.
"Not yet She is dressing for the occa
sion."
"Well, wait and see what happens • to
him when she gets over the first shock,"
laughed Monty.
Just then the sheik discovered Peggy,
who. pretty as a picture, drew near the
strange group. To her amazement two
slaves rushed forward and obstructed her
passage long enough to beat their heads
on the deck a few times, after which they
arose and tendered two magnificent neck
laces. She was prepared for the proposal,
but this action disconcerted her; she
gasped and looked about in perplexity.
Her friends were smiling broadly and the
sheik ha- placed his hands over his pal
pitating heart.
"Lothario has a pain," whispered
"Rip" Van Winkle sympathetically, and
Brewster laughed. Peggy did not hes
itate an Instant after hearing the laugh.
She walked straight toward the sheik.
Her cheeks were pink and her eyes were
flashing dangerously. The persistent
brown slaves followed with the Jewels,
but she ignored them completely. Brave
as she intended to be, she could not re
press the shudder of repulsion that went
"Are You Tired, Peggy?" Asked
Brewster, With a Touch of
Tenderness.
over her as she looked full upon this
eager Arab. •
Graceful and slender ehe stood before
the burly Mohammed, but his ardor was
not cooled by the ! presence of so many
witnesses. With a thud he dropped to
his knees, waobllng for a moment In the
successful effort to maintain a poetic
equilibrium. Then he began pouring
forth volumes' of shattered French. Eng
lish and Arabic sentiment, accompanied
by facial contortions so Intense that they
were little less than grewsome.
"Oh/ Joy of the sun supreme, Jewel of
the only eye, harken to the entreaty of
Mohammed." It was more as If he were
commanding his troops in battle than
pleading for the tender compassion of a
lady love. "I am come for you, queen of
the sea and earth and sky. My boats are
here, my camels there, and Mohammed
promises you a palace in the sun-lit hills
If you will but let him bask forever In
the glory of your smile." All this was
uttered In a mixture of tongues so atroc
ious that "Subway" Smith afterward de
scribed it as a salad. The retinue bowed
impressively and two or three graceless
Americans applauded as vigorously as If
they were approving the actions of a well
drilled comic opera chorus. Sailors were
hanging In the rigging, on the davits
and over the deck house roof.
"Smile for the gentlemen. Peggy," com
manded Brewster delightedly. "He wants
to take a short bask."
"You are very rude, Mr. Brewster,"
said Peggy turning upon him coldly. Then
to the waiting, expectant sheik: "What
is the meaning of this eloquence?"
Mohammed looked bewildered for a
moment and then turned to the Inter
preter, who cleared up the mystery sur
rounding her English. For the next three
or four minutes the air svas filled with
the "Jewels of Africa," "Star.' "Sun
light." "Queen," "Pleavenly Joy," "Pearl
of the Desert," and other things in bad
English, worse French and perfect Arabic.
He was making promises that could not
be redeemed if he lived a thousand years.
In conclusion the gallant sheik drew a
long breath, screwed his face into a sim
pering, grin and played his trump card In
unmistakable English. It sounded pathet
ically like "You're a peach."
An Indecorous roar went up from the
white spectators and a Jacky in the rig
ging, suddenly thinking cf.home, piped
up with a bar or two from "The Star
Spangled Banner."
Having accomplished what he consid
ered to te his part of the ceremony the
sheik arose and started toward his
launch, coolly motioning for h«r to fol
low. So far as he was concerned the mat
ter was closed. But Peggy, her heart
thumping like a trip-hammer, her -eyes
full of excitement, implored him to stop
for a moment.
"I appreciate ihis great honor, but I
have a request to make," she said clearly.
Mohammed paused irresolutely and in
some irritation.
"Here's where the heathen gets It
among the beads," whispered Monty to
Mrs. Dan, and he called out: "Captain
Perry, detail half a dozen men to pick
up the beads that are about to slip from
his majesty's neck." .
. xxiv.
THE SHEIK'S TRAGEDY.
Peggy gave the sheik an entrancing
smile, followed by a brief glance at the
beaming Miss Valentine, who nodded her
head approvingly.
"Won't you give me time to go belo-ar
and pack my belongings that they may
be sent ashore?" she asked naively.
"Thunder!" gasped Monty. "That's no
way to turn him down."
"What do you mean, Monty Brewster?"
she cried, turning upon him with flashing
eyes;
"Why, you're encouraging the old guy,"
he protested, disappointment in every in
flection.
"And what if I am? Isn't it my affair?
I think I am right in suspecting that he
has asked me to be his wife. Isn't it my
privilege to accept him if I wish?"
BrewBter's face was a study. He could
not believe that she was in earnest, but
there was a ghastly feeling that the Joke
was being turned on him. The rest of the
company stared hard at the flushed Peggy
and breathlessly awaited developments.
"It won't do to trifle with this chap,
Peggy," said Monty, coming quite close
to her. "Don't lead ; him on. He might
get nasty If he thinks you're making sport
of him."
"You are quite absurd, Monty," she
crl-ed, petulantly. "I am not making
sport of him."
"Well, then, why don't you tell him to
go about his business?"
"I don't see any beads lying around
loose," said "Rip" tormentin£ly. The
sheik impatiently said something to the
interpreter and that worthy reofiated it
for Peggy's benefit.
"The Son of the Prophet desires that you
be as quick as possible, Queen of the
World. He tires of waiting and com
mands you to come with him at once."
Peggy winced and her eyes shot a brief
look of scorn at the scowling sheik. In
an Instant, however, she was smiling
agreeably and was turning toward the
steps.
"Holy mackerel! Where are you going,
Peggy?" cried Lotless, the first to turn
fearful.
"To throw some things into my trunk,"
she responded airily. "Will you come
with me, Mary?"
"Peggy!" cried Brewster angrily. "This
has gone far enough."
"You should have spoken sooner,
Monty," she said quietly.
"What are you going to do, Margaret 7"
cried' Mrs. Dan, her eyes wide with
amazement.
"I am going to marry the Son of the
'One of the Boats Came Up and They
Were Drawn Over the Side
to Safety."
Prophet," she replied so decidedly that
every one gasped. A moment later she
was surrounded by a group of excited
women, and Captain Perry was culling the
"Jackles" forward in a voice of thunder.
Brewster pushed his way to her side,
his face as white as death.
"This isn't a Joke, Peggy," he cried.
"Go below and I'll get rid of the sheik."
Just then the burly Algerian asserted
himself. He did not like ,the way in
which hla adored one was being handled
by the "white dogs," and with two spear
men he rushed up to Brewster, Jabbering
angrily.
"Stand back, you Idiot, or I'll punch
your head off," said Brewster, with sud
den emphasis.
It was not until this moment that Peggy
realized that there might be a serious
side to the little farce she and Mary had
decided to play for the punishment of
Brewster. Terror suddenly took the place
of mirth and she clung frantically to
Monty's arm.
"I was Joking. Monty, only Joking," she
cried. "Oh, what have I done?"
"It is my fault," he exclaimofl, "but I'll
take care of you, never fear." Jj
"Stand aside!" roared the sheik threat
eningly.
The situation was ominous. Fr.'ghtened
as they were the women could not flee,
but stood as if petrified. Sailors eagerly
swarmed to the deck.
"Get off this boat," said Monty, omi
nously calm, to the interpreter, "or we'll
pitch you and your whole mob into the
sea."
"Keep cool! Keep cool!" cried "Sub
way" Smith quickly. He stepped between
Brewster and the angry suitor, and that
action alone prevented serious trouble.
While he parleyed with the sheik Mrs. De-
Mllle hurried Peggy to a safe place below
deck, and they were followed by a flock
of shivering women. Poor Peggy was al
most in tears with the piteous glances she
threw at Brewster when he stepped be
tween her and the ImDetuous sheik, who
had started to follow, struck deep into his
heart and made him ready to fight to the
death for her.
It took nearly an hour to con
vince the Algerian that Peggy had
misunderstood him and that Amer
ican women . w«re not -to • be
wooed after the African fashion. He
finally departed -with his entire train,
thoroughly dissatisfied and in high dudg
eon. At first he threatened to take her
by force; then he agreed to give her an
other day in which to make up her mind
to go with him peaceably, and again he
concluded that a bird in the hand was
worth two in the bush. "
That night Brewster entertained on board
the yacht, several resident French and
English acquaintances being the guests of
honor. The story of the day was told by
Mrs. Dan DeMillc, commissioned especi
ally for the duty. She painted the scene
so vividly that the guests laughed with
Joy over the discomfiture of the sheik.
Peggy and Brewster found themselves
looking sheepishly at one another now
and then In the course of the recital. She
purposely had avoided him during the
evening, but she had gamely endured the
raillery that came from the rest of the
party. If aha waa a bit pale it was not
surprising. Now that It was over the
whole affair appalled her more than she
could have suspected. When several of
the guests of the evening soberly an
nounced that Mohammed waa a danger
ous man and even an object of worry to
the government, she ftlt a strange catch
in her thoat and her now mirthless eyes
turned instinctively ta Brewster, who. It
seemed, was the sheik's special object of
aversion.
The next day she and Monty talked it
over. The penitence of both was beauti
ful to behold. Each denied the other the
privilege of assuming all the blame and
both were bo happy that Mohammed was
little more than a preposition in their con
versation so far aa prominence waa con
cerned. But all day long the harbor was
full of flsher boat*, and at nightfall they
still were lolling about, sinister, restless,
mysterious like purposeless buzzards. And
the dark men on board were taking up
no flsh, neither were they minding the
net* that lay dry and folded in the bot
tom of their boats.
Far into the night there was revelry on
board the Flitter, mote guests having
come out from the city. The dark hours
before the dawn of day had arrived be
fore they put oft for shore, but the flsher
boats were still bobbing about in the
black waters of the harbor. The lights
gradually disappeared from the port-holes
of the yacht, and the tired watch was
about to be relieved. Monty Brewster
and Peggy remained on deck after the
guests had gone over the side of the ves
sel. They were leaning over the rail aft
listening to the Jovial voices of the visit
ors as they grew fainter and fainter in
the. distance. The lights of the town were
few, but they could plainly be seen from
the offing.
"Are ycu tired, Peggy?" asked Brew-
Bter, with a touch of tenderness. Some
how of late he had often felt a strange
desire to take her In his arms, and now
it was strong upon him. She was very
near, and there was a drooping weariness
in her attitude, which seemed to demand
protection.
"I have a queer feeling that something
awful Is going to happen to-night,
Monty," she answered, trouble in her soft
voice.
"You're nerrous, that's all," he 'said,
"and you should get to sleep. Good
night." Their bands touched In the dark
ness, and the thrill that went over him
told a truth of which he had been only
vaguely consoious. The power of it made
him exultant Yet when he thought of
her and her too quiet affection for him it
left him despondent.
Something, bumped against the side of
"Try as He Would, Monty Could Not
See Peggy Alone."
the ship and a grating sound followed.
Then came other gentle thuds, combined
with the soft swish of water disturbed.
Prggy anu Brewster were on the point of
going below when their attention was
caught by these strange sounds.
"What is it?" she asked as they paused
Irresolutely. He strode to the rail, the
?irl following close behind. Three sharp
little whistles came from above anil be
hind them, but before they had time even
to speculate as to their meaning the re
sult was in evidence.
Over the aides of the ship came shad
owy forms as if by magic; at their backs
panther-like bodies dropped to the deck
with stealthy thuds, as if coming from
the inky sky above. There was in Instant
of dreadful calm and then the' crisis. A
flozen sinewy forms hurled themselves
upon Brewster, who, taken completely by
surprise, was thrown to the deck in an
Instant, his attem.pt to cry out for help
being checked by heavy hands. Peggy's
scream was cut off as quickly, and para
lyzed by terror, she felt herself engulfed
In strong arms and smothered Into si
lence. It all happened so quickly that
there was no chance to give the alarm, no
opportunity to resist. ,
Brewster felt himself lifted bodily, nnd
then there was the sensation of falling.
He struck something forcibly with all his
weight^and fell back with a crash to the
deck. Afterward lie found that the ef
fort to throw him overboard had failed
inly because his assailants in their haste
had hurled himself against an unseen
stanchion. Peggy was borne forward and
lowered swiftly Into arms that deposited
her roughly upon something hard. There
was a Jerky, rocking motion, the sudden
splash of oars, and then she knew no
more.
The invaders had planned with a,*craftl
ness and patience that deserved success.
For hours they had waited, silently,
watchfully and with deadly assurance.
How they crept up to the "Flitter"" in
such numbers. and how the more daring
:ame aboard long- before the blow was
struck, no one ever explained. Bo quick
ly and bo accurately was the abduction
performed .that the boats were well clear
of the yacht before alarm was given by
one of the watch who had been over
looked in. the careful assault.
Sleepy sailors rushed on deck with a
promptitude that, was amazing. Very
quickly they hafl found and unbound
Brewster, carried a couple of wounded
shipmates below and had Captain Perry
in his pajamas on deck to take command.
"The searchlight!" cried Brewster fran
tically. "The devils have stolen Miss
Gray."
While swift hands were lowering
the boats for the chase others were
carrying firearms on deck. The
searchlight threw its mighty white
arm out over the water before many sec
onds had passed, and eager eyes were
looking for the boats of the pillagers. The
ArabsLhad reckoned without the search
light. Their fierce exultation died sud
denly when the mysterious streak of light
into the sky and then swept down
upon the sea, hunting them out of th?
darkness like a great and relentless eye.
The "Flitter's" boats were in the water
and manned by sturdy oarsmen before the
glad cry went up that the robber fleet had
been discovered. They were so near the
yacht that it was evident the dusky
tribesmen were poor oarsmen. In the
clear light from the ship's deck they could
be seen paddling wildly, their white robes
fluttering as though Inspired by fear.
There were four boats, all of them crowd
ed to the gunwales.
"Keep the light on them, captain,"
shouted Monty from below. "Try to pick
out the boat that has Miss Gray on board.
Pull away, boys! This means a hundred
dollars to every one of you — yes, a thou
sand If we have to fight for her!"
"Kill every damned one of them, Mr.
Brewster," roared the captain, who had
retired behind a boat when he became
aware of the presence of women on deck.
Three boats shot away from the side of
the yacht, Brewster and Joe Bragdon in
the first, both armed with rifles.
"Let's take a shot at 'em," cried a sail
or who stood in the stern with his finger
on a trigger.
V'Don't do that! "We don't know -what
boat holds Peggy," commanded Brewster.
"Keep cool, boys, and be ready to scrap
if we have to." He was half mad with
fear and anxiety, and he was determined
to exterminate the bands of robbers If
harm had come to the girl In their power.
"She's in the second boat," came the
cry from the yacht, and the searchlight
was kept on that particular object almost
to the exclusion of the others. But Cap
tain Perry saw the wisdom of keeping all
of them clearly located In order to pre
vent trickery.
Brewster's brawny sailor boys came up
like greyhounds, cheering as they dashed
among the boats of the fugitives. Three
or four shots were fired Into the air by
the zealous American lads, and there were
loud cries from the Arabs as they veered
off panic-stricken. Monty's boat was now
In the path of light and not far behind
the one which held Peggy. He was
standing in the bow.
"Take care of«th© others!" he 'called
back to his .followers. "We'll go after
the leaders."
The response from behind was a cheer,
a half dozen shots and some of the most
Joyous profanity that ever fell from the
lips of American sailors, mingled with
shrieks from the boats they were to "take
care of."
"Stop!" Brewster shouted to the Arabs.
"Stop, or we'll kill every one of you!"
His boat was not more than fifty feet
from the other.
Suddenly a tall, white-robed figure arose
in the middle 'of the Egyptian craft, and
a moment later the pursuers saw Peggy's
form passed up to him. She was in
stantly clasped by one of his long arms,
and the other "was lifted high above her.
A gleaming knife was held in the up
raised hand.
"Fire on us If you dare!" came In
French from the tall Arab. ¦"Dog bf
an American, she shall die If you come
near her!"
Brewster'3 heart almost ceased beating.
'Peggy Was the One Eebel Against
the Conspiracy."
and every vestige of color left his face.
Clear and distinct in the light from the
yarht the Arab and his burden were
outlined against the black screen beyond.
There was no mistaking the earnestness
of the threat, nor could the witnesses
doubt the ghastly Intention of the long-,
cruel knife that gleamed on high. Peg
gy's body served as a shield for that of
her captor. Brewster and Bragdon rec
ognized the man as one of Mohammed's
principal retainers, a fierce-looking fel
low who had attracted more than usual
attention on the day of the sheik's visit.
"For Gods sake, don't kill her!" cried
Brewster In agonized tones. There was
a diabolical grin on the face of the Arab,
who was about to shout bark some de
fiant taunt when the unexpected hap
pened.
The sharp crack of a gun sounded In
the stern of firewater's boat, and an un
erring bullet sped straight for the big
Arab's forehead.
It crashed between his eyes and death
must have been Instantaneous. The knits
flew from h!s hand, his body straightened
and then collapsed, toppling over, not
among his oarsmen, but across the gun
wale of the craft. Before a hand could
be lifted to prevent, the dead Arab and
the girl were plunged into the sea.
A cry of horror went up from the Amer
icans, and something surprisingly UK© a
shout of triumph from the abductors.
Even as Brewster poised for the spring
Into the water a flying form shot past
him and into the sea with a resounding
splash. The man that fired the shot had
reckoned cleverly, and he was carrying
out the final details of an inspired plan.
The Arab's position as he stood in the
boat was such as to warrant the sailor s
belief that he could fall no other way.
than forward, and that meant over the
side of the boat. With all this clearly
In mind he had shot straight and true
and was on his way to the water almost
as the two toppled overboard.
Monty Brewster was In the water an
Instant later, striking out for the spot
where they had disappeared, a little to
the left of the course In which his boat
was running. There was a rattle of fire
arms, with curses and cheers, but he paid
no heed to these sounds. He was a length
or two behind the sailor, praying with all
his soul that one or the other might suc
ceed In reaching the white robes that
Btill kept the surface of the water. His
crew was "backing water" and straining
every muscle to bring the boat around
sharp for the rescue.
The Bailor's powerful strokes brought
him to the spot first, but not in time to
clutch the disappearing white robes. Just
\a he reached out an arm to grasp the
form of the girl she went down. He did
not hesitate a second, but followed.
Peggy had fallen from the dead Arab's
embrace, and that worthy already was
at the bottom of the sea. She was half
conscious when the shot came, but the
plunge Into the cold water revived her.
Her struggles were enough to keep her
up for a few moments, but not long
snough for the swimmers to reach her
3lde. She felt herself going down and
Jown, strangling, smothering, dying. Then
something vise-like clutching her arm and
she had the sensation of being Jerked up
ward violently.
The sailor fought his way to the sur
face with the girl, and Brewster was at
tils side In an Instant. • "Together they
supported her until one of the boats
came up, and they were drawn
over the side to safety. By this time the
abductors had scattered like sheep with
out a leader, and as there was no further
object in pursuing them the little Ameri
can fleet put back for the yacht in great
haste. Peggy was quite conscious when
carried aboard by the triumphant Brew
ster. The words he whispered to her as
she lay in the bottom of the boat were
enough to give her life.
The excitement on board the Flitter was
boundless. Fear gave way to Joy. and
where despair had for a moment reigned
supreme, there was now the most Insane
delight. Peggy was bundled below and
into her berth. Dr. Lotless attending her.
assisted by all the women on board.
Brewster and the sailor, drenched but
happy, were carried on the shoulders of
enthusiastic supporters to a place where
hot toddles were to be had before blan
kets.
The next morning he proposed to hunt
for the sheik, and offered to lead an as
sault In person. An Investigation was
made and government officials tried to
call Mohammed to account, but he had
fled to the desert and the search was
fruitless.
Brewster refused to acc*pt a share of
the glory of Peggy's rescue, pushing Con
roy forward as the real hero. But the
sailor Insisted that he could not have
succeeded without help— that he was com
pletely exhausted when Montv came to
the rescue. Peggy found It hard to thank
him gently while her heart was so dan
gerously near the riot point, and her
words of gratitude sounded pitifully weak
and insufficient.
"It would have been the same had any
body else gone to her rescue," he mused
dejectedly. "She cares for me with the
devotion of a sister and thafs all. Peggy.
Peggy," he moaned, "If you could only
love me, I'd— I'd— oh, well, there's no use
thinking about it! She will love some
one else, of course, and— and be happy,
too. If she'd appear only ono- tenth as
grateful to me as to Conroy I'd be satis
fied. He had the luck to be first, thafs
all, but God knows I tried to do it."
-Peggy was not herself for several dAys
after her experience, and the whole party
felt a distinct relief when the yacht
finally left the harbor and steamed off to
the west. A cablegram that came the
day before may have had something to
do with Brewster's depression, but he
was not the sort to confess it. It was
from Swearengen Jones of Butte, Mont..
and there was something sinister In the
laconic admonition. It read:
Brewster, U. S. Consulate. Alexandria: nave
a. good time while good times last. JOSIS3.
His brain was almost bursting with
the hopes and fears and uncertainties
that crowded It far beyond Its ordinary
capacity. It had come to the point, it
seemed to him, when the brains of a
dozen men at least were recimred to
operate the affairs that were surging Into
his alone. The mere fact that the end of
his year was less than two months off,
and that there was more or less uncer
tainty as to the character of the end,
was sufficient cause for worry, but the
new trouble was infinitely harder to en
dure. "When he sat down to think over
his financial enterprises his mind treach
erously wandered off to Peggy Gray, and
then everything was hopeless. He re
called the courage and confidence that
had carried him to Barbara Drew with a
declaration of love— to the stunning,
worldly Barbara— and smiled bitterly
when he saw how basely two allies were
deserting him in thla hour of love for
Peggy Gray. For some reason he had
felt sure of Barbara; for another^ reason
he saw no chance with Peggy- She was
not the same sort— she was different. She
was— well, she was Peggy, y v~
Occasionally his reflections assumed the
Importance of calculations. His cruise
was sure to cost $200,000, a princely sum,
but not enough. Swearengen Jones and
his cablegrams did not awe him to a
great extent. The spending of the million
had become a mania with him now and
he had no regard for consequences. Ills
cne desire, aside from Peggy, was to in
crease the cost of the cruise. They were
leaving Gibraltar when a new idea cam*
Into his troubled head.
He decided to change his plans and sail
for the North Cape, thereby adding more
than J30.000 to his credit.
XXVI.
Brave as he was in the presence of his
friends, in the privacy of hla stateroom
BREWSTER'S MILLIONS
By Richard P. GreavesTHE SUNDAY CAUU
Monty gave way to tho depression that
*m bearing down upon him; It wa» tha
hardest task of hia Ufa to go on with his
schema In tha face of opposition. He
knew that every man and woman on
board was asmlnst the proposition, for his
sake at least, and It was difficult to be
arbitrary under tha circumstances. Pur-'
posely ho avoided Peggy all forenoon. His
single (lance- at her fa.ee In the salon was
enough to disturb him Immeasurably.
The spirits of tho crowd were subdued.
Tha North Capo had charms, but tha
proclamation concerning It had been too
sadden— had reversed too quickly the gen
eral expectation and desire. Many of the
guests had plans at home for August and
even those who had none were satiated
with excitement During tha morning they
gathered in little- knots to discuss the sit
uation. They were all generous and each
one was sure that ha could cruise indefl
citely. if on Montys account tha now voy
?*,! ?.*?*. n . Ot ? Ut ot **• nation. They
felt It their duty to take a desperate
stand.
The half-hearted little gatherings re
solved themselves into ominous groups
and in the end there waa a call for a gen
ial meeting la tha main cabin. C^pUm
Perry, the first mate* and tha chief en
gineer -were included la tha call. but
Montgomery Brewster was not to ba ad
mitted. Joe Bragdon loyally agreed to
Keep him engaged elsewhere while the
xneetliic was in progress. The doors were
1 . * Od a Slance assured the
chairman of the meeting. Dan DeMllle,
that no member of tha party was miss-
Ing save the devoted Bragdon. Captain
Perry was plainly nervous and disturbed.
The others were the victims of a sup
pressed energy that presaged subsequent
eruptions.
An hour later the meeting broke up and
the oonsplrators made their way to the
deck. It wma a strange fact that no one
¦went alone. They were in groups of three
and four and the mystery that hung
about them was almost perceptible. Not
one was willing to faoe the excited, buoy
ant Brewster without help: they found
strength and security in companionship.
P*g*y was the one rebel against the
conspiracy, and yet she knew that the
others were justified In the step they pro
posed to take. She reluctantly Joined
them In tha end. but felt that she was
the darkest traitor in the crowd. Forget
ting her own distress over the way in
which Monty 'was squandering his for
tune, she stood out the one defender of
his rights until the end and then admitted
tearfully to Mrs. DeMllle that she had
been "quite unreasonable" In doing so.
Alone In ber stateroom after signing the
agreement, she wondered what be would
tfr^nv of her. She owed him so much that
she at least should have stood by him.
She felt that he would be conscious of
this. How could she have turned against
him? He would not understand— of
course, he would never understand. And
he would hate her with the others— more
than the others. It was all a wretched
muddle and she could not see her way out
of it
Itonty found his guests very difficult
They listened to his plans with but little
Interest and he could not but see that
they were uncomfortable. The situation
¦was new to their experience, and th»»v
were under a strain. "They mope around
like a lot of pouting boys and girls." he
growled to himself. "But It's the North
Cape now in spite of everything, I don't
care If tha whole crowd deserts me, my
mind is ' made up."
Try as he would.*h« could not see Peggy
alone. He had much that he wanted to
say to ber and he hungered for the con
solation her approval would bring him,
but she clung to Pettlnglll with a ten
acity that was discouraging. The old
feeling of Jealousy that was connected
with Como again disturbed him.
"She thinks that I am & hopeless, brain
less idiot" he said to himself. "And I
don't blame her. either."
Just before nightfall he noticed that
his friends were assembling; in the bow.
As he started to Join the group "Sub
way" Smith and DeMille advanced to
meet him. Some of the others were smil
lcg a little sheepishly, but the two men
were pictures of solemnity and decision.
"Monty." said DeMllle steadily, "we
have been conspiring against you and
have decided that we sail for New York
to-morrow morning;."
Breweter stopped short and the expres
sion on his face was one they never could
forget. Bewilderment, uncertainty and
pain succeeded each other like flashes of
light Not a word was spoken for sev
eral seconds. The red of humiliation
slowly mounted to his cheeks, while In
his eyas wavered the look of one who
has bean hunted down.
"You have •decided?" he asked lifelessly,
and more than one heart went out in
pity to him.
"We hated to do it, Monty, but for your
own sake there was no otner wajj," said
"Subway" Smith quickly. "We took a
vote and there wasn't a dissenting voice."
"It is a plain case of mutiny, I take it,"
¦aid Monty, utterly alone and heart sick.
"It Isn't necessary to tell you why we
have taken this step." said DeMllle. "It
is heart breaking to oppose you at this
stage of the game. You've been the best
•ver and—"
"Cut that," cried Monty, and his confi
dence in himself was fast returning. "This
Is no time to throw bouquets."
"We like you. Brewster," Mr. Valen
tine came to the chairman's assistance
because the others had looked at him so
appealingly. "We like you so well that
we can't take the responsibility for your
extravagance. It would disgrace us all."
"That «ida of the matter was never
mentioned." cried Peggy indignantly, and
then added with a catch in her roice,
••We thought only of you."
"I appreciate your motives and I am
grateful to you," eaid Monty. "I am
jnoT9 sorry than I can tell you that the
cruise must ead in this way, but I, too,
have decided. The yacht will take you
to some solnt where you can catch a
eteamer to New York. I ehall secure pas
sage for the entire party and very
soon you will be at home. Captain
Perry, will you oblige me by mak
ing at once for any port that my guests
may agree upon?" He was turning away
deliberately when "Subway" Smith de
tained him.
"What do you mean by getting a
steamer to New York? Isn't the Flitter
rood enough?" he asked.
"The Flitter la not going to New York
Just now," answered Brewster firmly,
"notwithstanding your ultimatum. She
la going to take me to the North Cape."
CHAPTER XXVII.
"We have found a solution of our diffi
culties," said DeMllle at an executive
meeting of the conspirators a little later,
and his manner was so Jubilant
that every one became hopeful.
••It Is desperate, but I think it will
be effective. Monty has given us the
privilege of leaving the yacht at any port
where we can take a steamer to New
Tork. Now. my suggestion la that we se
lect the most convenient place for all of
vs. and obviously there la nothing quite
•o convenient as Boston."
"Dan DeMllle, you are quite foolish,"
cried his wife. "Who ever conceived such
a ridiculous idea?"
"Captain Perry has his Instructions,"
continued DeMille. turning to the captain.
"Are we not acting along the lines marked
out by Brewster himself?"
"I will sail for Boston If you cay tha
word," eald the thoughtful captain. "But
he is sure to countermand such an order."
"He won't be abla to, captain," cried
"Subway" Smith, who had for some time
been eager to Join in tha conversation.
"This is a genuine, dyed-ln-the-wool mu
tiny, and we expect to cary out the orig
inal plan, which was to put Mr. Brewster
in irons until we ara safe from all oppo
sition."
"Ha is my friend, Mr. Smith, and at
least it Is my duty to protect him from
any indignity," Bald the captain, atiffiy.
"You make for Boston, my dear cap
tain, and we'll do the rest," said DeMllle.
"Mr. Brewster can't countermand your
orders unless be sees you in person.
We'll sea to it that ha has no chance to
talk to you until we ara in sight of Bos
ton harbor."
Tha captain looked doubtful and shook
his bead as he walked away. At heart
he was with the mutineers and hi? mind
was made up to assist them as long as
it was possible to do so without violating
his obligations to Brewster. He felt guil
ty, however, in surreptitiously giving tne
order to clear for Boston at daybreak.
The chief officers were let into the secret,
but tha sailors were kept In darkness re
garding the destination of tho Flitter.
Montgomery Brewster's guests were im
mensely pleased with the scheme, al
though they were dubious about the out
come. Mrs. Dan regretted her hasty com
ment on tho plan and entered into tho
plot with eagerness. In accordance with
plans decided upon by the mutineers,
Monty's stateroom door was guarded
through the night by two of the men.
For three days and two nights the
Flitter steamed westward into the At
lantic, with her temporary owner locked
in his stateroom. The confinement was
Irksome, but he rather liked the sensa
tion of being Interested In something be
sides money. He frequently laughed to
himself over the absurdity of the situa
tion. His enemies were friends, true and
devoted; his Jailers were relentless, but
they were considerate. The original or
der that be should be guarded by one
man was violated on the first day. There
were times when his guard numbered at
least ten persons and some of them
served tea and begged him to listen to
reason.
"It is difficult not to listen," he said
fiercely. "It's like holding a man down
and then asking him to be quiet But
my time is coming." ¦
"Revenge will be his!" exclaimed Mrs.
Dan. tragically.
"You might have your term shortened
on account of good conduct if you would
only behave," suggested Peggy, whose
reserve was beginning to shorten. "Please
be good and give in."
"I haven't been* happier during
the whole cruise," said Mon
ty. "On deck I wouldn't
be noticed, but here I am quite the
whole thing. Besides I can , get out
whenever I feel like it."
"I have a thousand dollars which says
you can't" Bald DeMllle, and Monty
snapped him up so eagerly that he
added, "that you can't get out of your
own accord."
Monty acceded to the condition and
offered odds on the proposition to the
others, but there were no takers.
"That settles it," he smiled grimly to
himself. "I can make a thousand dol
lars by staying here and I can't afford
to escape."
On the third day of Monty's Imprison
ment the Flitter began to roll heavily.
At first he gloated over the discomfort
of his guards who obviously did not like
to stay below. "Subway" Smith and
Bragdon were on duty and neither was
famous as a good sailor. When Monty
lighted bis pipe there was consternation
and "Subway" rushed on deck.
"You are a brave man, Joe," Monty
said to the other and blew a cloud of
smoke In his direction. "I knew you
would stick to your post. You wouldn't
leave it even if the ship should go
down."
Bragdon had reached the stage where
he dared not speak and was busying
himself trying to "breathe with the
motion of the boat." as he had called it.
"By Gad," continued Monty, relent-
"His Jailers Were Relentless, but
They Were Considerate." .
lessly. "This smoke Is getting thick.
Some of this toilet -water might help
if I sprinkled it about"
One whiff of the sweet-smelling
cologne waa enough for Bragdon and
he bolted up the companionway, leaving
the stateroom door wide open and the
prisoner free to go wnere he pleased.
Monty's first Impulse waa to follow, but
he checked himself on the threshold.
"Damn that bet with DeMille," he
said to himself, and added aloud to the
fleeing guard, "The key, Joe, I dare
you to come back and get It!"
But Bragdon was beyond recall and
Monty locked the door on the inside and
passed the key through the ventilator.
On deck a small part of the company
braved the spray in tne lee of the deck
house, but the others had long since
gone below. The boat was pitching fur
iously In the ugliest sea it had encount
ered, and there was anxiety underneath
Captain Perry's mask of unconcern. De-
Mille and Dr. Lotless talked in the
eenseleBs way men have when they try I
to conceal their nervousness. But the \
women did not respond; they were in no ¦
mood for conversation.
Only one of them waa quite oblivious .
to personal discomfort and' danger. ,
Peggy Gray was thinking of the prison- ,
er below. In a reflection of bar own ,
terror she pictured him crouching in tha
little stateroom, like n doomed criminal :
awaiting execution, alone, neglected, for- '
gotten, unpltled. At first she pleaOed i
with the man for his release, but they '
insisted upon waiting in the hope that
a aoaro might bring him to his senses.
Peggy saw that no help was to be se
cured from the other women, much as
they might care for Brewster's peace
of mind and safety. Her. heart wal
bitter toward every one responsible for
the situation, and there was dark re
bellion in her bouL it culminated finally
in a resolve to release Monty Brewster
at any cost.
With difficulty she made her way to
the etateroom door, clinging to sup
ports at times and then plunging vio
lently away from them. For some min
utea aha listened, frantically clutching
Brewster's door and the wall-ralL There
waa no guard, atid the tumult of the
sea drowned every sound within. Her
imagination ran riot when her repeated
calls were not answered.
"Monty, Monty," she cried, pounding
wildly on the door.
"Who is it? What is the. trouble T'
came in muffled tones from within, and
Peggy breathed a prayer of thanks.
Just then she discovered the key which
Monty had dropped and quickly opened
the door, expecting to nnd him cowering
with fear. But the picture was differ
ent The prisoner was seated on the
divan, propped up with many pillows
and reading with the aid of an electric
light "The Intrusions of Peggy."
CHAPTER XXVIII.
A CATASTROPHE.
"Oh!" was Peggy's only exclamation,
and there was a shadow of disappoint
ment in her eyes.
"Come in, Peggy, and I'll read aloud,"
was Monty's cheerful greeting as he Btood
before her.
"No; I must go," said Peggy, confused
ly. I thought you might be nervous
about the storm— and "
"And you came to let me out?" Monty
had never been bo happy.
"Yes; and I don't care what the others
say. I thought you were suffering "
But at that moment the boat gave a lurch
which threw her across the threshold in
to Monty's arms. They crashed against
the wall and he held her a moment and
forgot the storm. When she drew away
from him she showed him the open door
and freedom. She could not speak.
"Where are the othersT" he asked,
bracing himself in the doorway.
"Oh, Monty," she cried, "we must not
go to them. They will think me a traitor."
"Why were you a traitor, Peggy?" he
demanded, turning toward her suddenly.
"Oh — oh, because It seemed so cruel to
keep you locked up through the storm,",
she answered, blushing.
"And there was no other reason?" he
persisted.
"Don't, please don't!" she cried, piteous
ly, and he misunderstood her emotion. It
waa clear that she was merely sorry for
him.
"Never mind, Peggy; It's all right. You
"You'll Have to Give These People
a Good Time During the Week."-
stood by me and I'll stand by you. Come
on; we'll face the mob and I'll do the
fighting."
Together they made their way Into the
presence of the mutineers, who were
crowded into the main cabin.
"Well, here's a conspiracy," cried Dan
De Mille, but there was no anger in his
voice. "How did you escape? I was just
thinking of unlocking your door, Monty,
but the key seemed to be missing."
Peggy displayed it triumphantly.
"By Joye," cried Dan. "This is rank
treachery. Who was on guard?"
A steward rushing through the cabin at
this moment in answer to frantic calls
from Bragdon furnished an eloquent re
ply to the question.
"It was simple," eaid Monty. "The
guards deserted their post and left the
key behind."
"Then it is up to me to pay you a thou
sand dollars."
"Not at all, "protested Monty, taken
aback. "I did not escape of my own ac
cord. I had help. The money is yours.
And now that I am free," he added,
quietly, " iet me say that this boat does
not go to Boston."
"Just what I expected," said' Vander
pool. ;
"She's going straight to New York!"
declared Monty. The words were hardly
uttered when a heavy sea sent him
sprawling across the cabin, and he con
cluded, "or to the bottom."
"Not so bad as that," said Captain
Perry, whose entrance ,had been some
what hastened by the lurch of the boat.
"But until this blows over I must keep
you below." He laughed, birt he saw they
were not deceived. "The seas are pretty
heavy and the decks are being holystoned
for rtothlng, but I wouldn't like to have
any one washed overboard by mistake."
The hatches were battened down, and
It was a sorry company that tried to
while away the evening in the main
cabin. Monty's chaffing about the ad
vantages "of the | North Cape over the
stormy Atlantic was not calculated to
raise the drooping spirits, and it was very
early when he' and his shattered guests
turned in. There was little sleep on board
the Flitter that night Even If it had
been easy to forget the danger, the creak
ing of tha ship and the incessant roar of
tha water were enough for wakef ulness.
With each lurch of the boat It seamed
more incredible that it could endure. It
was such a mite of a thing to meet so
furious an attack. As it rose on the wave
to pausa In terror on its crest before sink
ing shivering into the trough it made
tha breath coma short and the heart stand
still. Through the night the fragile little
craft fought its lonely way, bravely ig
noring its own weakness and the Infinite
strength of ita enemy. To the captain,
lashed to the bridge, there were hours of
grave anxiety— hours when he feared each
wave as it approached, ¦ and wondered
what new damage it had done as It re
coded. As the wind increased toward
morning ha felt a sickening certainty that
the brave little boat was beaten. Some
how she seemed to lose courage, to waver
a bit and almost give up the fight. He
watched her miserably as the dismal
dawn came up out of the sea. Yet It was
not until 7 o'clock that the crash came,
which ihook the pasengera out of their
berths and filled them with shivering
terror. The whirling of the broken
shaft seemed to consume the ship. In
every cabin it spoke with horrible vivid
ness of disaster. The clamor of voices
and the rush of many feet, which fol
lowed, meant but one thing. Almost in
stantly the machinery was stopped— an
ominous silence in the midst of the dull
roar of the water and the cry of the
the sea."
It was a terrified crowd that quickly
gathered in the main cabin, but it was a
brave one. There were no cries and few
tears. They expected anything and were
ready for the worst, but they would not
show the white feather. It was Mrs. Dan
who broke the tension. "I made sure of
my pearls," she said; "I thought they
would be appreciated at the bottom of
the sea."
Brewster came upon their laughter. "I
like your nerve, people," he exclaimed,
"you are all right. It 'won't be so bad
now. The wind has dropped."
Toward night the worst was over. The
sea had gone down and the hatches were
opened for a while to admit air, though
it was still too rough to venture out. The
next morning was bright and clear. When
the company gathered on deck the havoc
created by the storm was .apparent. Two
"The Three Days in- England Were
Marked by Unparalleled
Extravagance."
of the boats had been completely carried
away and the launch was rendered use
less by a large hole in the stern.
"You jlon't mean to say that we will
drift about until the repairs can be
made?" asked Mrs. Dan in alarm. .
"We are three hundred miles off the
course already," explained Monty? "and
it will be pretty slow' traveling under
sail."
It was decided to make for the Canary
Islands, where repairs could be made and
the voyage resumed. But where the
wind had raged a few days before, it had
now disappeared altogether, and for a
week the Flitter tossed about absolute
ly unable to make headway. The first of
August had arrived and Monty himself
was beginning to be nervous. With the
fatal day not quite two months away,
things began to look serious. Over one
hundred thousand dollars would remain
after he had settled the expenses of the
cruise, and he was helplessly drifting in
mld-ccean. Even if the necessary repairs
could be made promptly, it would take the*
Flitter fourteen days to sail from the
Canaries to New York. Figure as hard
as he could he saw no way out of the
unfortunate situation. Two days more
elapsed and still no sign of a breeze. He
made sure ttyat September 23d would find
him still drifting and still In possession of
one hundred thousand superfluous dollars.
At the end of ten days the yacht had
progressed but two hundred miles and
Monty was beginning to plan the rest of
his existence on a capital of $100,000. He
had given up all hope of the Sedgwick
legacy and was trying to be resigned to
his fate, when a tramp steamer was sud
denly sighted. Brewster ordered the
man on watch to fly a flag of distress.
Then he reported to the captain and told
what he had done. With a bound the
captain rushed on deck and tore the flag
from the sailor's hand.
"That was my order," said Monty, net
tled at the captain's manner.
'"You want them to get a line on us and
claim salvage, do you?"
"What do you mean?"
"If they get a line on us in response to
that flag they will claim the entire value
of the shio as salvage. You want to
spend another $200,000 on this boat?'
"I didn't understand," said Monty,
sheepishly. "But for God's sake, fix It up
somehow. Can't they tow us? I'll pay
for it^' .
Communication was slow, but after an
apparently endless amount of signaling
the captain finally announced that the
freight steamer was bound for South
ampton and would tow the Flitter to that
point for a price.
"Back o Southampton!" groaned
Monty. "That means months before we
get back to New York."
"He says he can get us to Southampton
In ten days," interrupted the captain.
"I can do it! I can do it!" he cried, 'to
the consternation of his guests, who won
dered if his mind were affected. "If he tl
land us in Southampton by the 27th I'll
pay him up to one hundred thousand dol
lars."
After what seemed an age to Monty, the
Flitter, in tow of the freighter Glencoe,
arrived at Southampton. The captain of
the freight boat was a thrifty Scotchman
whose ship was traveling with a light
cargo, and ha was not. therefore, averse
to taking on a tow, But the thought of
salvage had caused him to ask a high
price for the service, and Monty, after a
futile attempt at bargaining, had agreed.
The price was fifty thousand dollars, and
the young man believed more than ever
that everything was ruled by a wise
Providence, which had not deserted him.
His guests were heartsick when they
heard the figure, but were an happy as
Monty at the prospect of reaching land
again.
The Glencoe made several stops before
Southampton was finally reached on the
28th of August, but when the English
coast was sighted every one was too eager
to go ashore to begrudge tha extra day.
Dan DeMllle asked the entire party to be
come his guests for a week's shooting trip
in Scotland, but Monty vetoed the plan
in tha most decided manner.
"We sail for New York on the fastest
boat," said Monty, and hurried off to
learn the sailings and book his party. The
first boat was to sail on the 30th and he
could only secure accommodations for
twelve of- his guests. The rest were
obliged to follow a week later. This was
readily agreed to and Bragdon was left
to see to th«> necessary repairs op the
Flitter and arrange for her homeward
"The Division of the Party Was
Tactfully Arranged by Mrs.
de Mille."
voyage. Monty gave Bragdon fifteen
thousand dollars for this purpose and ex
tracted a solemn promise that the entire
amount would be used.
"But it won't cost half of this," protest
ed Bragdon.
"You will have to give these people a
good time during the week and— well— you
have promired that I shall never see an
other penny of it. Some day you'll know
why I do this," and Monty felt easier
when -his friend agreed to abide by his
wishes.
He discharged the Flltter's crew, with
five ¦ months' pay and the reward prom
ised on the night of Peggy's rescue, which
was productive of touching emotions.
Captain Perry and his officers never for
got the farewell of the prodigal, nor could
they hide the regret that marked their
weather-beaten faces.
Plans to dispose of his household goods
and the balance of his cash in the short
time that would be left after he arrived
in New York occupied Monty's attention,
and most men would have given up the
scheme as hopeless. But he did not de
spair. He was still game, and he pre
pared for the final plunge with grim de
termination.- • i
"There should have been a clause in
Jones' conditions about 'weather nermit-
With the condemnation of his friends
ringing in his troubled brain, with the
sneers of acquaintances to distress his
pride, with the jibes of the comic papers
to torture him remorselessly, Brewster
was fast becoming the most miserable
man in" New York. Friends of former
days gave him the cut direct, clubmen
ignored him or scorned him openly, wom
en chilled him with the lcinesa of un
spoken , reproof, and all the world hung
with shadows. The doggedness of de
spair kept him up, but the strain that
pulled down on him was so relentless that
the ntruggle> was losing its equality. Ha
had not expected such a home coming.
Compared with his former self Monty
was now almost a physical wreck, hag
gard, thin and defiant, a shadow of the
once debonair young New Yorker.* an ob
ject of pity and scorn. Ashamed and de
epairlng. he had almost lacked the cour
age to face Mrs. Gray. The consolation
he once gained through her he now de
nied himself and his suffering, peculiar
as it was, was very real. In absolute
recklcssnees he gave dinner af Jer dinner,
party after party, all on a most lavish
scale, many of his guests laughed at him
openly while they enjoyed his hospitality.
The real friends remonstrated, pleaded,
did everything within their power to
check his awful rush to poverty, but with
out success; he was not to be stopped.
At last the furniture began to go, then
the plate, then all the priceless bric-a
brac. Piece by piece it disappeared until
the apartments were empty and he had
squandered almost all of the $40,350 aris
ing from the sales. The servants were
paid off, the apartments relinquished, and
he was beginning to know what it meant
to be "on his uppers." At the banks be
ascertained that the interest on his
moneys amounted to $19,140 86. A week
before the 23d of September, the whole
million was gone, including the amounts
won in lumber and fuel and other luck
less enterprises. He still had about $17.
000 of his Interest money in the banks, but
he had a billion pangs in his heart— the
interest on his improvidence.
He found some delight in the discovery
that the servants had. robbed him of not
les* than $3500 worth of his belongings,
including the Christmas presents that he
in honor could not have sold. His only
encouragement came from Grant and
Ripley, the lawyers. They Inspired con
fidence in his lagging brain by urging
him on to the end, promising brightness
thereafter. Swearengen Jones was as
mute as the mountains in which he lived.
There was no word from him, there was
no assurance that he would approve of
what had been done to obliterate Edwin
Peter Brewater's legacy.
CHAPTER XXX.
"Monty, you are breaking my heart,"
was the first and only appeal Mrs. Gray
ever made to him. It was two days be
fore the twenty-third and it did not come
until after the "second-hand store" men
had urlven away from her door with the
bulk of his clothing in their wagon. She
and Peggy- had seen little of Brewster,
and nls nervous restlessness alarmed
them. His return was the talk of the
town. Men tried to shun him, but he per
sistently wasted some portion of his for
tune on his unwilling' subjects. When ha
gave $5000 in cash to a Home for News
boys, even his friends Jumped to the con
clusion that he was mad. It was his only
gL. to charity and he excused his motive
in giving at this time by recalling Sedg
wick'«« injunction to "give sparingly to
charity." Everything was gone from his
thoughts but the overpowering eagerness
to get rid of a few troublesome thou
sands. He felt like an outcast, a pariah,
a hated object that infected every
one with whom he came in contact.
Sleep was almost Impossible, eating
was a farce; he gave elaborate suppers
which he did not touch. Already his best
friends were discussing the advisability
of putting him in a sanitarium where his
mind might be preserved. His case was
looked upon as peculiar in the history of
mankind; no writer could find a parallel,
no one could Imagine a comparison.
Mrs. Gray met him in the hallway of
her home as he was nervously pocketing
the $60 he had received in payment for his
clothes. Her face was like that of a ghost.
He tried to answer her reproof, but the
words would not come, and he fled to his
room, locking the door after him. Ho
ting,' " he said to himself. "A ship
wrecked mariner should not be expected
to sDend a million dollars."
The division of the party for the two
sailings was tactfully arranged by Mrs.
DeMllle. The Valentines chaperoned the
"second table," as "Subway" Smith called
those who were to take the later boat,
and she herself look.ed after the first lot.
Peggy Gray and Monty Brewster were in
the DeMille party. The three days in
England were marked by unparalleled ex
travagance on Monty's part. One of
the local hotels was subsidize©, for a
week, although the party only stayed
for luncheon, and the Cecil in London
was a ealner by several thousand dol
lars for the brief stop there. It was a
careworn little band that took Monty's
special train for Southampton and em
barked two days later. The "rest cure '
that followed was welcome to all of them
and Brewster was especially glad that
his race was almost run.
Four days out from New York, then
three days, then two days, and then
Brewster began to feel the beginning of
the final whirlwind in profligacy clouding
him oppressively, ominously, unkindly.
Down in his stateroom he drew new es
timates, new calculations, and tried to
balance the old ones so that they ap
peared in the light most favorable to his
designs. Going over the statistics care
fully, he estimated that the cruise, includ
ing repairs and the return of the yacht
to New York, would cost him J210.000 in
round figures. One hundred and thirty
three days marked the length of the voy
age when he reckoned by time and, as
near as he could get at it, the expense
averaged $15S0 a day. According to the
contract, he was to pay for the yacht,
exclusive of the cuisine and personal ser
vice. And he had found It simple enough
to spend the remaining $1080. There were
days, of course, when fully JoOOO disap
peared, and there were others on which
he spent less than $1000. but the average
was secure. Taking everything into con
sideration, Brewster found that his for
tune had dwindled to a few paltry thou
sands in addition to the proceeds which
would come to him from the sale of his
furniture. On the whole he was satlis
fied.
Immediately after the landing Brewster
and Gardner was busy with the details
of settlement. After clearing up all of
the obligations arising from the cruisa
they felt the appropriateness of reflec
tion. It was a difficult moment — a mo
ment when undelivered reproofs were in
the air. But Gardner seemed much the
more melancholy of the two.
Piles of newspapers lay scattered about
the floor of the room in which they sat.
Every one of them contained sensational
stories of the prodigal s trip, with pic
tures, incidents and predictions. Monty
was pained, humiliated and resentful, but
he was honest enough to admit the Jus
tification of much that was said of him.
was at work tnere on me transaction that
was to record the total disappearance of
Edwin Brewster's million— his final report
to Swearengen Jones, executor of James
Sedgwick's will. On the floor -were bun
dles of packages, carefully wrapped and
tied, and on the table was the long sheet
of white paper on which the report was
being: drawn. The packages contained re
ceipts — thousands upon thousands of them
— for the dollars he had spent In less than
a year. They were there for the inspec
tion of Swcarengen Jones, faithfully and
honorably kept— as if the old "Westerner
would go ever in detail the countless doc
uments.
He had. the accounts balanced up to the
hour. On the long sheet lay the record of
his ruthlessness, the epitaph of a million.
In his pocket was exactly |79 08. This was
to last him for less than forty-eight hours
and— then it would go to join the rest. It
was his plan to visit Grant & RIpley on
the afternoon of the 22d and to read the
report to them in anticipation of the
meeting with Jones on the day following.
Just before noon, after his encounter
with Mrs. Gray, he came down stairs and
boldly, for the first time in days, sought
out Peggy. There was the old smile in
his eyes and the old heartiness in hla
voice when he came upon her in the li
brary. She was not reading. Books,
pleasures and all the joys of life had fled
from her. mind, and she thought only of
the disaster that was coming to the boy
she had always loved. His heart smote
him as he looked into the deep, somber,
frightened eyes, running over with love
and fear for him.
"Peggy, do you think I'm worth any
thing more from your mother? Do you
think she will ask me to live here any
longer?" he asked, steadily, taking her
hand in his. Hers was cold, his as hot as
fire. "You know what you said away off
yonder somewhere, that she'd let me live
here if I deserved it. I am a pauper.
Peggy, and I'm afraid I'll — I may have to
get down to drudgery again. Will she
turn me out? You know I must have
somewhere to live. Shall It be the poor
house? Do you remember saying one day
that I'd end in the poorhouse?"
She was looking into his eyes, dreading
what might be seen In them. But there
was no gleam of insanity there, there was
no fever; instead there was the quiet
smile of the man who Is satisfied with
himself and the world. His voice bore
traces of emotion, but It was the voice of
one who has perfect control of his wits.
"Is it all— gone, Monty?" she asked, al
most in a whisper.
"Here is the residue of my estate," he
said, opening his purse with steady fin
gers. "I'm back to where I left off a
year ago. The million Is gone and my
wings are clipped." Her face was white,
her heart was In the clutch of ice. How
could he be so calm about it when for
him. she was suffering such agony? Twice
she started to speak, but her voice failed
her. She turned slowly and walked to
13THE SUNDAY CALL.
14
the v..nuuw, kiciung h«r back to tne i.w..
who walled bo eadly and yet »o heart
lessly.
"1 didn't want the million, Peggy." he
went on. "You think as the r^sst do, I
know, that I was a fool to act as I did.
It would be rank idiocy on my part to
blame you any more than the others for
thinking as you do. Appearances arc
against me; the proof Is overwhelming.
A year ago I was called a man; to-day
they are stripping me of every claim to
that distinction. The world says I am a
fool, a doit, almost a criminal— but no one
b«lleves I am a man. Peggy, will you feel
better toward me if I tell you that I am
going to begin life all over again? It will
he a new Monty Brewster that starts out
again in a few days, or, if you will, it
shall be the old one— the Monty you once
knew."
"The oM Monty." she murmured softly,
dreamily. "It would be good to see him —
so much better than to see the Monty of
the last year."
"And. fn spite of all I have done, Peg
gy, you will stand by me? You won't de
sert me like the rest? You'll be the same
Peesry of the other days?" he cried, his
calmness breaking down.
"How can you ask? Why should you
doubt me?"
For a moment they stood 6llent. each
looking into the heart of the other, each
seeing the beginning of a new day.
"Child." his voice trembled danger
ously, "I— I wonder if you care enough
for me to— to— " but he could only look
question.
"To start all over again with you?" she
the question.
"Yes — to iru<t yourself to the prodigal
who has returned. Without you, child,
all the rest would be as the husks. Peggy,
I want you— you! You do love me— 1 can
6ee it in your eyes, I can feel it in your
presence."
"How lorg you have been in realizing
it," she said pensively as she stretched
out her arms to him. For many minutes
he held her ciose. finding a beautiful
peace in the world again.
••How long have j'ou really cared?" he
asked in a. whisper.
"Always. Monty; all my life."
"And 1 too, child, all my life. I know
it now; I"ve known It for months. Oh,
what a fool I was to have wasted this
love of yours and all this love of mine.
But I'll not be a profligate in love, Peg
gy. I'll not squander an atom of it, dear,
not as long as I live."
"And we will build a greater love, Mon
ty, as we build the new life together. We
never can be poor while we have love as
u treasure."
••You won't mind being poor with me?"
he asked.
"I can't be poor with you," she said
simply.
"And I might have let all this escape
me," he cried fervently. "Listen, Peggy —
we will start together, you as my wife
and my fortune. You shall be all that is
left to me of the past. Will you marry me
the day after to-morrow? Don't say no,
dearest. I want to begin on that day.
At seven in the morning, dear? Don't
you gee how good the start will be?"
And he pleaded so ardently and so
earnestly thiit he won his point even
though it grew out of a whim that she
could not then understand. She was not
to learn until afterward his object In hav
ing the marriage take place on the morn
ing cf September 23, two hours before the
time set for the turning over of the Sedg
wick millions. If all went well they
would be Brewster's millions before
twelve o'clock, and Peggy's life of pov
erty would cover no more than three
hours of time. She believed him worth
a lifetime of poverty. So they would start
the new life wilh but one possession
love.
CHAPTER XXXL
Soon after noon on the 22d of Septem
ber, Monty folded his report to Swear
engen Jones, stuck it into his pocket and
sallied forth. A parcel delivery wagon
had carried off a mysterious bundle a few
minutes before. Mrs. Gray could not con
ceal her wonder, but Brewster's answers
to her questions threw little light on the
mystery. He could not tell her the big
bundle contained the receipts that were
to prove his sincerity when the time came
to settle with Mr. Jones. Brewster had
used his own form of receipt for every
purchase. Th*e little stub receipt books
had been made to order for him and not
only he but every person In his employ
carried one everywhere. No matter how
trivial the purchase the person who re
ceived a dollar cf BrewBter*s money
t^ned a receipt for the amount. News
boys and bootblacks were the only
beings who escaped the formality;
tips to waiters, porters, cabbies, etc.,
were recorded and afterward put into a
class by themselves. Receipts for the
few dollars remaining in his possession
were to be turned over on the morning
of the 23d and the general report was not
to be completed until 9 o'clock on that
day.
He kissed Peggy good-by. told her to
be ready for a drive at 4 oVclock, and
then went off to find Joe Bragdon and
Elon Gardner. They met him by ap
pointment and to them he confided his
design to be married on the following
day.
"You can't afford it, Monty," exploded
Joe, fearlessly. "Peggy is too good a girl.
By pad. It isn't fair to her."
"We have agreed to begin life to-mor
row. Wait and see the result. I think it
will surprise you. Incidentally it is up to
me to git the license to-day and to en
gage a minister's services. It Is going to
be quiet, you know. Joe, you can be my
best man if ycu like and, Gardie, I'll ex
pect you to sign your name as one of the
witnesses'. To-morrow evening we'll have
supper at Mrs. Gray's and 'among those
present' will not comprise a very large
list, I assure you. But we'll talk about
that later on. Just now I want to ask
you fellows to lend me enough money to
get the license and pay the preacher. I'll
return it to-morrow afternoon."
"Well, I'm damned." exclaimed Gard
ner, utterly dumfounded by the nerve of
the man. But they went with him to get
the license and Bragdon paid for it.
Gardner promised to have the minister at
the Gray house the next morning. Monty's
other request— made In deep seriousness
was that Peggy was not to be told of the
little transaction In which the license and
the minister figured so prominently. He
then hurried off to the office of Grant &
Ripley. The bundles of receipts had pre
ceded him.
"Has Jones arrived In town?" was his
first anxious question after the greetings.
"He is not registered at any of the ho
tels," responded Mr. Grant, and Brewster
did not see the troubled look that passed
over his face.
"He'll show up to-night, I presume,"
said he, complacently. The lawyers did
not tell him that all the telegrams they
had sent to Swearengen Jones In the past
two weeks had been returned to the New
York office as unclaimed in Butte. The
telegraph company reported that Mr.
Jones was not to be found and that he
had not been seen In Butte since the 3d
of September. The lawyers were hourly
expecting word from Montana men to
whom they had telegraphed for Informa
tion and advice. They were extremely
nervous, but Montgomery Brewster was
?~Z t-anf r and excited to notice the fact.
"A tall, bearded etranger wai here this
morning aeklng for you, Mr. Drewiter,"
said Ripley, hla head bent over some pa
pers on his desk.
"Ah! jonvi, I'm sure. I've. always Im
agined him with a long beard," eald Mon
ty, relief In his voice.
"It was not Mr. Jones. "We know Jones
quite well. This man was a stranger and
refused to give his name. He said he
would call at Mrs. Gray's this afternoon."
"Did he look like a constable or a bill
collector?" asked Monty, with a laugh.
•He looked very much like a tramp."
"Well, we'll forget him for the time be
ing," said Monty, drawing the report
from his pocket. "Would you mind look
ing over this report, gentlemen? I'd like
to know If it Is In proper form to present
to Mr. Jones."
Grant's hand trembled as he took the
carefuMy folded sheet from Brewster. A
"The Queerest-Looking Man Came to
the House to See You This
Afternoon."
quick glance of despair passed between
the two lawyers. ,
"Of course, you'll understand that this
report Is merely a synopsis of the expen
ditures. They are classified, however, and
the receipts over there are arranged in
such a way that Mr. Jones can very
easily verify all the figures set out in the
report. For instance, where It says
'cigars,' I have put down the total
amount that went up in smoke. The re
ceipts are to serve as an itemized state
ment, you know." Mr. Ripley took the
paper from his partner's hand and, pull-
Ing himself together, read the report
aloud. It was as follows: r «
New York, Sept 23, 19—.
To Swearengen Jones, Esq.
Executor under the will of the late
James T. Sedgwick of Montana: •
In pursuance of the terms of the afore
said will and in accord with the instruc
tions set forth by yourself as executor,
I present my report of receipts and dis
bursements for the year in my life end
ing at midnight on Sept. 22. The accuracy
of the figures set forth in this general
statement may be established by referring
to the receipts, which form a part of this
report There is not one penny of Edwin
Peter Brewster's money in my possession,
and I have no asset to mark its burial
place. These figures are submitted for
your most careful consideration:
Original Capital $1,000,000.00
Lumber arid Fuel" misfortune.. 5S.MO.O0
Prize fight misjudged 1.000.0C
Monte Carlo education 40000 {K
Race track errors *7OO OC
Sale of elx terrier pup» 150 0«
bale of furniture and personal
T effects 40,500-OC
Interest on funds once in hand 19.140.0C
Total amount to be disposed of..$l,lC0.040.0C
DISBURSEMENTS.
Rent for apartments |o.1 000 OC
Furnishing apartments 8S."7° 0C
Three automobiles 2l|000 0C
Renting six automobiles 25000 0C
t Amount lost to DeMille 10000(
Sa' ari " s 25,C50!OC
Amount Dald to men Injured ia
auto accident 12 240 O(
Amount lost In bank failure lisilr.s"'*:
Amount lost on races 4.000.0C
One glass screen 3.000.0C
Christmas presents 7)211 0C
Postage l.lOo.OC
Cable and telegraph 3.25r».0<
Stationery 2.400.0<
Two Boston terriers «OO.OC
Amount lost to "hold-up men"'.... 450.04'
Amount lost on concert tour OC.GSi.O'j
Amount lost through O. Harrison's
speculations (on my account).... fiO,OOO.OC
One hall (In two sections) C0.000.o(
Extra favors 6.OO0.0C
One yacht cruise 212 -TO!) V
One carnival '. 6.K24.OC
Clears 1.720.0C
Drinks, chiefly for others tt.040.W
Clothins 3.400.0C
Itent of one villa 20.000.0f
One courier 500.00
Dinner parties 117.no0.0C
Suppers and luncheons 38.0O0.OC
Theater sarties and suppers. ...... fi.277.Oi.
Hotel expenses 61.21S.53
railway and steamship fares 31.271.81
For newsboys' home ..* 5.000.0C
Two opera performances 20.0O0.0C
Iteiwxlrs to "Flitter" U.342.6C
In tow from somewhere to South
ampton BO.OfiO.Oc?
Fperlal train to Florida l.OOO.CW!
Cottajre In Florida r... r .CO.or
Medical attendance 3,100.00
Living expenses in Florida S,i)O0.O»j
Misappropriation of personal prop
erty by servants ...": 3.riS0.O(i
Taxes on personal property 112.2"
Sundries 0.105.01
Household expenses 24.S05.00
Total disbursements $1. 100.040.00
Balance on hand 0.000,000.00
Respectfully submitted,
MONTGOMERY BREWSTER.
"It's rather broad, you see, gentlemen,
but there are receipts for every dollar,
barring some trifling incidentals. He may
think I dissipated the fortune, but I defy
him or anybody else to prove that I have
not had my money's worth. To tell you
the truth, It has see/ned like a hundred
million. If any one should tell you that It
is an easy matter. to waste a million dol
lars, refer him to. me. Last fall I
weighed 180 pounds, yesterday I barely
moved the beam at 140; last fall there
was not a wrinkle in my face, nor did
I have a white hair. You see the result
of overwork, gentlemen. It will- take an
age to get back to where I was physi
cally, but I think I can do It with the
vacation that begins to-morrow. Inci
dentally, I'm going to be married to
morrow morning, just when I am poorer
than I ever expect to be agin. I still
have a few dollars to spend and I must
be about It. To-morrow I will account
for what I spend this evening. It la
now covered by the -sundries' Item, but
I'll have the receipts to show, all right.
See youT to-morrow morning:."
He was gone, eager to be with Peggy
afraid to discuss his report with th<
lawyers. Grant and Bipley shook theii
heads and sat silent for a Ions; tlnn
after his departure.
"We ought to hear something deflnltt
before night," said Grant, but thero wai
anxiety in his voice.
"I wonder," mused Ripley, as If tc
himself, "how he wiU take it If thi
worst should happen."
CHAPTER XXXII.
At 11 o'clock Pettingili's studio opened
its doors to the "Little Bons" and theii
guests, and the last "Dutch lunch" was
soon under ..way. Brewster had paid foi
It early in the evening and when he sal
flown at the head of the table there wa*
not a penny In his pockets! \ A year ago
at the same place and at the same hour
he and the "Little Sons" were having e
birthday feast. A million dollars cam«
to him on that night. To-night he wa«
poorer by far than on the other occasion
but he expected a little gift on the new
anniversary.
Around the board, besides the nine "Lit-
U e^?,? 3 '" l at slx * ues ts. among them th<
DeMilles, Peggy Gray and Mary Valen
tine. "Nopper" Harrison was the only
absent "Little Son," and his health wa«
proposed by Brewster almost before the
ichoes of the toast to the bride and groom
died away.
Interruption came earlier on this occa
sion than It did that night a year" ago.
Ellis did not deliver his messages tc
Drewster until 3 o'clock In the morning,
but the A. D. T. boy who rang the bell at
Pettingill's a year later handed him a tel
egram before 12 o'clock.
"Congratulations are coming in, old
man," said DeMille, as Monty looked
fearfully at the little envelope the boy
had given him.
"Many happy returns of the day," sug
gested Bragdon. "By Jove, it's sensible
of you to get married on your birthday,
Monty. It saves time and expense to your
friends."
"Read it aloud," said "Subway" Smith.
"Two to one it's from Nopper Harrison,"
cried Pettlnglll.
Brewster's fingers trembled, he knew
not why, as he opened the envelope,
rhere was the most desolate feeling' in
his heart, the most ghastly premonition
that Ill-news had come in this last hour.
He drew forth the telegram and slowly
painfully unfolded It. No one could have
lold by his expression that he felt almost
that he was reading his death warrant It
was from Grant & Ripley and evidently
had been following him about town for
two or three hours. The lawyers had filed
it at 8:30 o'clock. _~
He read it at a glance, his eyes burn
ing, his heart freezing. To the end of
nis days these words lived sharp and dis
tinct in his brain:
"Come to the office immediately. ' Will
wait all night for you if necessary. Jones
ias disappeared and there Is absolutely no
trace of him. GRANT & RIPLEY."
Brewster sat as one paralyzed, absolute
ly no sign of emotion In his -face. The
Dthers began to clamor for the contents
}f the telegram, but his tongue was stiff
ind motionless, his ears deaf. Every
Jrop of blood In his body was stilled by
the shock, eveVy sense given him by the
Creator was centered upon eleven words
In the handwriting of a careless telegraph
operator— "Jones has disappeared and
there Is absolutely no trace of him."
"JONES HAS DISAPPEARED!" Those
were the words, plain and terrible in their
;learness, tremendous in their brutality.
Slowly the rest of the message began to
urge its claims upon his brain. "Come to
jur office immediately" and "Will wait all
night" battled for recognition. He was
;alm because he had not the power to
express an emotion. How he maintained
control of himseli afterward he never
knew. Some powerful, kindly force as
serted itself, coming to his relief with the
timeliness of a genii. Gradually it began
to dawn upon him that the others were
waiting for him to read the message
aloud. He was not sure that a sound
would come forth when he opened his lips
to speak, but the tones were steady, nat
ural and as cold as steel.
"I am sorry I can't tell you about this,"
he eaid, so gravely that his hearers were
silenced. "It Is a business matter of such
vital importance that I must ask you to
excuse me for an hour or so. I will ex
plain everything to-morrow. Please don't
be uneasy. If you will do me the honor
'Monty, You Are Breaking My
Heart!" Was Mrs. Gray's
Only Appeal.
to grace the board or an absent host I'll
be most grateful. It is imperative that I
go, and at once. I promise to return in
an hour." He was standing/ his knees as
stiff as iron. 'W\-i'
"Is it anything serious?" asked De-
Mille.
"What!" has ! anything happened?"
came In halting, frightened ton^s from
Peggy.
"It concerns me alone, and it Is pure
ly of a business nature. Seriously, I
can't delay going for another minute.
It is vital. In an hour I'll return.
Peggy, don't be worried— don't be dis
tressed about, me. Go on and have a
good time, everybody, and you'll find me
the Jolliest fellow of all when I' come
back. It's twelve o'clock. I'll be here
by one on the 23d of September/'
"Let me go with you," pleaded Peggy,
tremulously, as she followed him into the
hallway.
"I must go alone," he answered. "Don't
worry, little woman, it will be all right"
His kiss sent a chill to the very bot
tom of Peggy's heart
CHAPTER XXXIII
"Close the door, please," came in steady
tones from Ripley. Mr. Grant droppe
into a chair and Brewster mechanicall:
slammed the door.
"Is it true?" he demanded hoarsely, hi
hand •till on the knob. • '..-..¦.
"Sit down, Brewster, and control your
¦elf.", said Ripley.
= "Good . God, man, can't you see I an
calm?" cried Monty. "Go on—tell me al
about it What do you know? _Wha
have you heard?"
"He cannot be found, that's all." an
oounced Ripley, with deadly lntentness
"I don't know what It means. There ii
no explanation. The whole thing is in
conceivable. Sit down and I will tell yoi
everything as quickly as possible." P
"There isn't much to tell," said Grat
mechanically.
"I can take it better standing," declared
Brewster, shutting his Jaws tightly.
"Jones was last seen in Butte on th*
Sd of this month,",said Ripley. "We sen
several telegrams to him after that day
asking when ha expected to leave fo;
New York. They never were claimed ahc
the telegraph company reported that hi
could not be found. We thought he migh
have gone off to. look after some of hi;
property and were not uneasy. Finallj
we began to wonder w,hy he had not wlrec
us on leaving for the East. I telegrapher
again and got no answer. It dawnec
upon us that this was something unus
ual. Vfe wired his secretary and recelvec
i response from the Chief of Police. H«
asked, in turn, if we_could tell him any
thing about the whereabouts of Jones
rhis naturally alarmed us and yesterday
we kept the wires hot The result of oui
Inquiries is terrible, Mr. Brewster." •::
"Why didn't you tell me?" asked Brews
ter. .-' , /
"There can be no doubt tnat Jones has
led/accompanied by his secretary. Th«
aellef in Butte is that the secretary has
murdered him."
"God!" was the only sound that cam<
from th« lips of Brewster.
Kipley moistened his lips and went on.
"We have dispatches here from the po
lice, the banks, the trust companies and
from a half dozen mine managers. You
may read them if -you like, but I can
tell you what they say. About the first
of this month Jones began to turn va
rious securities Into money. It Is now
known that they were once the property
of James T. Sedgwick. held in trust for
you. - The safety deposit vaults were aft
erward visited and Inspection shows that
he - removed every scrap of stock,' every
bond, everything: of value that he could
lay his hands upon. His own papers and
¦ effects were not disturbed. Yours alone
have disappeared. It is this fact that
convinces . the authorities that the secre
tary has~ made away with the old man
and has fled with the property. The bank
peorle say, that Jones drew out every
dcllr.r of thai Sedgwick money, and th*
police Bay V that he realized tremendous
sums on th« convertible securities. The
tirt.r.ge part 'Of It Is that he soM your
mines and your real estate, the purchaser
btlng a man! named Golden. Brewstcr,
it— it looks very much as if he had dis
appesred with everything."
Brewster did not take his eyes from
Ripley's face throughout the terrible
speech; he did not move a fraction of
an inch from the rigid position assumed
at the beginning. .
"Is anything being done?" he asked me
chanically.
"The police are Investigating. He is
known to have started off Into the moun
tains with his secretary on the third of
September. Neither has been seen since
that day, so far as any one knows. The
earth seems to have swallowed them.
The authorities are searching the moun
tains and are making every effort to find
Jones or his body. He Is known to be
eccentric and at first not much Impor
tance was attached to his actions. That
is all we can tell you at present There
may be developments to-morrow. : It
looks bad— terribly bad. We— we had the
utmost confidence in Jones. My God, I
wish I could help you, my boy."
"I don't blame you, gentlemen," said
Brewster bravely. "It's Just my luck,
that's all. Something told me all along
that— that .it wouldn't turn out right. I
wasn't looking for this kind of end,
though. My only fear was that— Jones
wouldn't consider me worthy to receive
the fortune. It never occurred to me that
he might prove to be the— the unworthy
one."
"I will take you a little farther into
our confidence/ Brewster," said Grant,
slowly. "Mr. Jones notified us in the be
ginning that he would be governed large
ly in his decision by our opinion of your
conduct. That Is why we felt no hesi
tation in advising you to continue as you
were going.
"The strangest circumstance of all, Mr.
Brewster, is that no such person as Gold
en, the purchaser, of your properties, can
be found. He is supposed to reside in
Omaha, and it is known that he paid
nearly three million dollars for the prop
erty that now stands In his name. lie
paid It to Mr. Jones in cash, too, and he
paid every cent that the property Is
worth."
"But he must be in existence some
where," cried Brewster, In perplexity.
"How the devil could he pay the money
If he doesn't exist?"
~"I only know that no trace of the man
can be found. They know nothing of him
in Omaha." said Grant, hopelessly.
"So it has finally happenerd." sail
Brewster, but his excitement had drop
ped. "Well," he added, throwing him
self into a deep chair, "it was always
much too stranee to be true.- Even .at
the beginning it seemed like a dream,
and now— well, now I am Just awake, like
the little boy after the fairy tale. I 'seem
like a fool to have taken it so seriously."
"There was no other way," protested
RIpley, "you were quite right."
"Well, after all." continued Brewster,
and the voice was as of one in a dream,
"perhaps it's as well to have been in
wonderland even if you have to come
Sown afterward to the ordinary world.
I am fooll.sh perhaps, but even now I
would not give it up." Then the thought
of Peggy clutched him by the throat, and
he stopped. After a moment he gathered
himself together and rose. "Gentlemen," he :
said sharply and his voice had changed: ."I
have had my fun and this is the end of it.
Down underneath I am desperately thed
of the whole thing, and I give you my
word that you will find me a different
man to-morrow. I am going to buckli
down to the real thing. I am golns to
prove thnt my grandfather's blood is J.u'
me. And I shall come out on top."
RIpley was obviously moved as he re
plied, "I don't question it for a moment.-
You are made of the right stuff. I saw
that long ago.- You may count on us to
morrow for any amount you need."
Grant indorsed the opinion. "I like your
spirit. Brewster," he said. "There are
not many men who would have taken this
as well. It's pretty hard on you, too, #ind
it's a miserable wedding gift for your
bride." . .
"We may have Important news • from
Butte In the morning," said RIpley, hope
fully; "at any rate, more of the details.
The newspapers will - have . sensational
stories, no doubt, and we have asked for
the latest particulars direct from the au
thorities. We'll see that things axe prop
erly Investigated. Go home now, my boy,
and go to bed. You will begin to-morrow
with good luck at your side and you may
be '- happy all >our life In spite of to-
night's depression."
"I'm sure to be happy," said Brewster,
simply. "The ceremony takes place at 7
o'clock, gentlemen. I was coming to your
office at 9 on a little matter of business,
but I fancy It won't after all be necessary
for me to hurry. I'11-drop in before noon?
however, and get that money. By the
way, here are the receipts for the money
I spent to-night. Will you put them
away with the others? I Intend to live up
to my part of the contract, and It will
• Bave me the trouble of presenting them
regularly In the morning. Good night,
gentlemen. I am sorry you were obliged
to stay up so late on my account" .
He left them bravely enough, but he
had more than one moment of weakness
before he could meet his friends. TKe
world seemed unreal and himself the
most unreal thing in it. But the night
air acted as a stimulant and helped him
to call back his courage. When he en
tered the studio at 1. o'clock he was pre
pared to redeem his promise to be "the
jolliest fellow of them ail."
CHAPTER XXXIV.
"I'll tell you about it later, dear," was
all that Peggy, pleading, could draw from
him.
At midnight Mrs. Dan had remonstrated
with her. "You must go home, Peggy
dear," she said. "It Is disgraceful for you
to stay up so late. I went to bed at 8
o'clock the night before I was married."
"And fell asleep at four In the morn
ing," smiled Peggy.
"You are quite mistaken, my dear. I
did not fall asleep at all. But I won't
allow you to stop a minute longer. It
puts rings under the eyes and sometimes
they're red the morning after."
"Oh, you dear sweet philosopher," cried
Peggy; "how wise you are. Do you think
I need a beauty sleep?"
"I don't want you to be a sleepy beauty,
that's all," retorted Mrs. Dan.
"Good Fellow, This Harrison; Says
You Grub-Staked Him."
Upon Monty's return from his trying
hour with the lawyers, he had been be
sieged with questions, but ho was cleverly
svaslve. Peggy alone was insistent; she
had curbed her curiosity until they were
on the way home, and then she Implored
him to tell her what had happened. The
misery he had endured was as nothing
to this reckoning with the woman who
had the right to expect fair treatment.
His duty was clear, but tne strain had
been heavy and it was not easy to meet
It
"Peggy, something terrible has happen
ed," he faltered, uncertain of his course.
"Tell me everything, Monty, you can
trust me to be brave."
"When I asked you to marry me," he
continued gravely, "It was with the
thought that I could give you everything
to-morrow. I looked for a fortune. I
never meant that you should marry a
pauper."
"I don't understand. You tried to test
my love for you?"
"No, child, not that But I was pledged
not to speak of the money I expected,
md I wanted ypu so much before It
;ame."
"And It has failed you?" she answered.
"I can't see that it changes things. I ex
pected to marry a pauper, as you call it
Do you think this could make a differ
ence?"
"But you don't understand, Peggy. I
haven't a penny in the world.'.' .
"You hadn't a penny when I accepted
pou," she replied. "I am not afraid. I
Delieve in you. And if youjove me I shall
lot give you up."
"Dearest!" and the carriage was at the
ioor before another word was uttered.
But Monty called to the coachman to
Jrive Just once around the block.
"Good night, my darling," he said when
they reached home. ."Sleep- till - eight
j'clock if you like. There is nothing now
n the way of having the wedding at nine,
nstead of at seven. In fact, I -have a
reason for wanting my whole fortune 4o
:ome to me then. You will be all that 1
nave in the world, child, but I am the
happiest man alive."
In his room the strain was relaxed and
Brewster faced the bitter reality. Wlth
3ut. undressing he threw himself upon
the lounge and wondered what the world
Held for him. It held Peggy at least, he
.bought, and she was enough. But had he
been fair to her? . Was he right in ex
lctlng a sacrifice? His tired brain whirl
ed in the effort to decide. Only one thing
ivas clear — that he . could not give her
jp. The future grew black at the very
thought of it. With her he could make
.hlngs go. but alone it was another mat
ter. He would take the plunge and he
would Justify it. •
Looking toward the window he saw the
alack, uneasy night give way to the com
ng day. Haggard and faint he arose
from the couch to watch the approach
)f the sun that is Indifferent to wealth
ind poverty, to gayety and dejection.
From far off in the gray light there came
the sound of a five o'clock bell. A little
ater the shrieks of factory whistles were
icrne to his ears, muffled by distance, but
pregnant with the importance -of a new
Jay of toil. They were calling him, with
ill poor men, to the sweat-shop and the
targe, to the great mill of life. The new
;ra had begun,. dawning bright and clear
to disperse the gloom in his soul.
Leaning against the casement and
wondering where he could earn the first
lollar for the Peggy Brewster ' that was
Peggy Gray, he rose to meet it with a
Ine unflinching fearlessness. , •-;..;
Before 7 o'clock he was downstairs and
waiting. Joe Bragdon Joined him a bit
ater. followed by Gardner and the mln-
later. TheDeMllles appeared without aa
Invitation, but they were not denied- Mrs.
Dan sasely shook her head when tow
that Peggy was still asleep and that the
ceremony was off till 9 o'clock.
"Monty, are you going away?" asked
Dan, drawing him into a corner.
"Just a week in the hills." answered
Monty, BUddenly remembering the gener
osity of his attorneys.
"Come In and see me as -soon as you
return, old man," said DeMille, and Monty
knew that a position would be open to
him.
To Mrs. Dan fell the honor of helping
Peggy dress. By the time she had had
coffee and was ready to go down she
was pink with excitement and had quite
forgotten the anxiety which had made
the night an age.
She had never been prettier than on
her wedding morning. Her color was
rich, her eyes as clear as stars, her
woman's body the picture of grace and
health. Monty's heart leaped high with
love of her.
"The prettiest girl In New York by
Jove," gasped Dan DeMille, clutching
Bragdon by the arm.
"And look at Monty! He's become a
new man in the last five minutes," added
Joe. -Look at the glow In his' cheeks!
By the eternal, he's beginning to look as
he did a year ago." '.;'•'
A clock chimed the hour of I.
"The man who was here yesterday is
In the hall to see Mr. Brewster," said the
maid, a few minutes after the minister
had uttered the words that gave Peggy a
new name. There was a moment of si
lence, almost of dread.
"You mean the fellow with the beardr*
asked Monty, uneasily.
"Yes. sir. He sent In this letter, beg
ging you to read It at once."
"Shall I send him away, Monty?" de
manded Bragdon, defiantly. ""What does
he mean by coming: at this time?"
"I'll read the letter first, Joe."
Every eye was on JBrewster as
he tore open the envelope. r Hls
face was expressive. There was
wonder In it. then incredulity, then
Joy. He threw the letter to Bragdon.
clasped Peggy In his arms spasmodically,
and then, releasing her, dashed for the
hall like one bereft of reason.
"It's Nopper Harrison!" he cried, and
a moment later the tall visitor was
dragged into the circle.
Bragdon' 3 hands trembled and his volca
was not sure as he translated the scrawl,
"Nopper" Harrison standing behind Mm
for the gleeful purpose of prompting him
when the writing was beyond the range
of human Intelligence.
"Holland House. Sept. 23. 19 —
"Mr. Montgomery Brewster, My Dear
Boy: So you thought I had given you
the slip, eh? Didn't think I'd show up
here and do my part? Well, I don't blame
you; I supposed I've acted like a damned
Idiot, but so long aa It turns out O. K.
there's no harm done.' The wolf won't
gnaw very much of a hole In your door,
I reckon. This letter Introduces my sec
retary, Mr. Oliver Harrison. He came to
me last June, out In Butte. with the pros
pectus of a claim he had staked out up
in the mountains. What he wanted was
backing and he had such a good show
to win out that I went Into cahoots with
him. He's got a mine up there that is
dead sure to yield millions. Seems as
though he has to give you half of the
yield, though. Says you grub-staked him.
Good fellow, this Harrison. Needed a
secretary and man of affairs, so took him
Into my office. You can see that he did
not take me up Into the mountains to
murder me, as the papers say this morn-
Ing. Damned rot. Nobody's business but
my own If I concluded to come east with
out telling everybody In Butte about it.
"I am here and so is the money. Got
in last night. Harrison came from Chi
cago a day ahead of me. I went to office
of G. & R, at eight this morning. | Found
them In a hell of a stew. Thought I'd
skipped out or been murdered. Money all
gone, everything gone to smash. That's
what they thought. Don't blame 'em
much. You see it was this way: I con
cluded to follow out the terms of the will
and deliver the goods in person. I
got together all of Jim Sedgwlck's
stuff and did a lot or other fool
things, I suppose, and hiked
off to New York. You'll find about seven
million dollars' worth of stuff to your
credit when you Indorse the certified
checks down at Grant & Rlpley's. my
boy. It's all here and in the banks.
"It's a mighty decent sort of a wedding
gift. I reckon.
"The lawyers told me all about you.
Told me all about last night, and that
you were going to be married this morn
ing. By this time you're comparatively
happy with the bride, I guess. I looked
over your report and took a few peeps at
the receipts. They're all right. I'm sat
isfied'. The money is yours. Then I got
to thinking that maybe you wouldn't care
to come down at nine o'clock, especially
as you are Just recovering from the Joy of
being married, so I settled with the law
yers and they'll settle with you. If you
have nothing in particular to do this aft
ernoon about two o'clock, I'd suggest that
you come to the hotel and .we'll dispose
of a few formalities that the law requires
of us. And you can give me some les
sons in spending money. I've got a little
I'd like to miss some morning. As for
your ability as a business man, I have
this to say: Any man who can spend a
million a year and have nothing to show
for it don't need a Recommendation from
anybody. He's In ij. class by himself and
it's a business that no one else can give
him a pointer about.- The' best test of
your real capacity, my boy, is the way
you listed your property for taxation. It's
a true sign of business sagacity. That
would have decided me in your favor If
everything else had been against you.
"I'm sorry you've been worried about
all this. You have gone through a good
deal In a year and you have been roasted
from Hades to breakfast by everybody.
Now it's your turn to laugh. It will sur
prise them to read the 'extras' to-day.
I've done my duty to you In more ways
than one. I've got myself Interviewed by
the newspapers and to-day they'll print
the whole truth about Montgomery Brew
ster and his millions. They've got the
Sedgwick ¦ will and my story and the old
town will, boll with excitement. I guess
you'll be squared before the world, all
right. You'd better stay Indoors for
awhile, though. If you want to have a
quiet honeymoon.
"I don't like New York. Never did. Am
going back to Butte to-night. Out there
we have real sky-scrapers 'and they are
not built of brick. They are two or three
miles high and they have gold in them.
There Is real grass In the ' lowlands and
we have valleys that make Central Park
look like a half an Inch of nothing. Prob
ably you and Mrs. Brewster were going
to take a wedding trip, so why not go
West with' me In my car?' We start at
7:45 p. m. and I won't bother you. Then
you can take it anywhere you like. Sin
cerely yours,
"SWEARENGEN JONES.
• "P. S. I forgot to say there la no such
man as Golden. I bought your mines and
ranches with my own money. You may
buy them back at the same figures. I'd
advise you to do it. They'll be worth
twice as much in a year. 1 I hope you'll
forgive the whims of an old man who has
liked you from the start. J."
(The End.)And swore eternal vengeance on all Inclined to shirk.
It was not long before the band had excavated deep
And made a place wherein the King on sultry days might sleep.
Just before the workers stopped to rest from labors long,
Watermelon caused a stir by shouting to the throng:
"Odds, bobs and likewise zounds, my stick has struck a thing
The like of which Fve never seen, believe me, gracious King!"
The object strange was brought before his Majesty, excited,
an--,^Bfj OW, give me your attention, sweets, and 3711 proceed to
TT |«H^|(^ Store about the wonderful place that started out bo well.
7 0U think, you may recall that Pumpkin, monarch
= 5 ¦ * fraud,
Karched his host to a beauteous spot, where he took up his stand,
The sovereign wisely laid his plans, and to his subjects loyal .
He Issued, through his general, commands both firm and royaL
"It is my regal wish," ha said, "that you give up your sport
And erect for me a palace, wherein shall be my court"
With ringing cheers and loud huzzahs the subjects, small and hie.
Straightway got some pointed sticks and set about to dig.
King Peter chose Prince Orookneck to superintend the work,
Who, afire with interest, said: "My subject shall be knighted
Who'll tell me what it is that has just been expavated—
Whose flesh is like the solid rock, whose skjn is corrugated."
Inspection dose and earnest each subject gave the find,
But none could satisfy the King— none could name its kind.
At last, when Peter, Xing of all, gave up in deep despair,
Old Onion knelt upon his knee and said with* reverent air:.
"I, O gracious sovereign, with the liquid of my veins, .
Can probably give life' anew to these wrinkled old remains."
"Experiment," the monarch spoke, "my subject brave and bright,
And if your plan does well succeed you shall be made a knight."
Old Onion took some of his skin and soaked it with his blood,
Placed it o'er the object's nose and plastered it with mud
Scarcely had the odor strong* reached its sense of smell . .
Than the object scrambled to its feet and gave a piercing yell. \
General Pippin tore away old Onion's plaster strong, .
And led the breathing being to a place before the throng.
"Zf you, my friend," King Peter said to the object of all eyes,
"Will tell us all about yourself you shall have a prize.''
The stranger deeply thought awhile, and seemed quite mystified,
And when he realized his state he with Joy and gladness cried.
In a voice pitched high and squeaky he began to tell his tale,
Which was by, far the strangest ever told In that green -vale.
"One hundred thousand years ago/' the stranger meekly said,
"I was laid away beneath the sod and given up for dead.
'Tis quite hard, I must confess, to revive the memories old,
But Z recall that Z once was a Plum, both young and bold.
The springtime of my life gave way to the winter cold and bleak.
And the ever-working hand of Time made m« old and weak.
At last, as Z remember," and he touched his wrinkled brow,
"I became so very ancient that I looked as I do now.
One br one my faithful comrades turned to dust and stone.
Until, at last, the world left me quite helpless and alone.
Who placed me 'neath the brilliant green I never lived to know. '
But Z suspect the spirits of my. comrades laid me low."
"Your story, friend, gives interest great," the monarch said, in time,
"But I am still much vexed about your days of auld lang syne.
Pray answer this: Zf you were called in youth a Plum so bold,
What are you now, when Time has made you weak and queer and old?"
"As I recall," the stranger said— and the thought came none too soon-*
"Sly comrades were disposed to call me Honorable Grandpa Jt*runs. .
Just why they gave me such a name I'xa at a loss to say, \
Sut probably knew quite well in that patriarchal' day."
"Zf Prune they called you, friend of mine," the sovereign lightly quoth,
"To change the name on this glad day Z should be very loth.
And so, my subjects, one and all, it is my wish that you
Henceforth shall call him Grandpa Prune— my subject loyal and true.
Now, 'twere meet Z keep my word and award to you a prize
For clearing up this mystery that opened wide my eyes.
You are too old to earn your way, but still you can't be missed;
So Z shall start a pension fund and let you head the list."
"Since you, 0 King, so good have been," old Grandpa finally said, •
"I shall tell you a secret great which I kept while I. was dead:
In the misty, far-off times our customs were quite strange,
And every being wore some garb, with now and then a change.
'Neath a rock in yonder wood lies a chest in strength complete.
Wherein are richest treasures and garments fine and neat;
There is clothing of all sizes, designs and patterns gay—
And if you the custom will revive 111 lead you there straightway."
"lead on, brave Prune!" the sovereign said, and waved aloft his hand,
And very soon a start was made for the secret treasure land.
While trudging through the woodland dense the King with ease did
capture j
A Potato and a Mushroom, thus adding to his rapture.
The King sought for enlightenment until he was much riled,
But Potato's only, word was "faith," and Mushroom only smiled.
The captives, though, were quite content to Join the happy throng,
And gladly took allegiance with vows both firm and strong
At last the treasure spot was reached, and the subjects ceased their )>.
While the strongest rolled away the rock and lifted up the chest.
Oh, my sweets, if you had seen the contents of that box,
You would be going everywhere and turning over rocks!
There were clothes of every color, every size and every cut,
'And the subjects donned them quickly, and began to prance and strut.
Of course, the fits were not the best in every case, you know,
But the wearers all were satisfied and let the misfits go.
A box of big and black cheroots caused the crowd to wonder—
And when old Watermelon smoked he coughed -like startled thunder.
The King, in robes of stately make, ran to his chosen spot, .
. The subjects following close behind in proud and haughty trot. \
! It .was not long, my precious ones, until the useful creatures
Had built their King a palace grand with many dazzling features $
Next time, my loves, 111 try to tell of something that I think
.Will interest you very much and drive away the blink.
THE WONDERFUL KINGDOM OF
WONDERFUL THINGS
THE SUNDAY; CALX*
15OR A BOX OF, SUPEBFINE FBENCH PAINTS.
.These are the TWENTY BEAUTIFUL BOOKS from which you may select if you solve all the puz
zles correctly: Treasure ';: Island, by Stevenson; Two Years Before the Mast, by Dana; Samantha at
Saratoga, by Holley;' Tom Brown's School Days, by Hughes; A Christmas Carol, by Dickers; A Dog of
Flanders, >by Ouida; Gulliver's Travels, by Swift; The'Magic Nuts, by Molesvorth; The Little Lama
Prince, by Mulock; The Blithedale Bomanco, by Hawthorne; Kidnaped, by Stevenson; Uncle Tom's
Cabin;' -by SHa"rriet-Beecher:Stowe;^ThWughthe'LookiEV-glas3a'ndVWhat Alice .'ound There, by Carroll;
Vic — The Autobiography of a Fox Terrier, by Marsh; Rip Van Winkle, oy Irvinf ; Rab and His Friends,
by Brown; The Courtship of Miles Standish, by Longfellow; Tha Adventures of a Erownie, by Mulock;
Black Beauty, by Seweh, and La'ddie and Miss Toosey's Mission. »
n XJBBAH! CHILDBEN, 'THIS IS A GALA SUNDAY, which means that there axe all sorts of goo4
V 4--4" things*happening. • -
' *1 ..'¦". I j:: - .. ;First— The names of the clever children who won the special flO and $5 prizes for the
¦^J highest percentage of the whole thirteen weeks of the Fourth Series of llame Puzzles are pub
lished on this page.
Second — These nine American Yacht-Cup Defender Pictures are the most timely ever published.
They are really too easy.
Third (and this is best of all) — The Puzzle Editor has just been informed that a special ship
ment of superfine French Paints — no more toy paints, but the real, professional /sort that the greatest
artists use — ordered some time ago especially to help you to color these Fairy Biddle pictures most artis
tically have been received direct from Paris. Isn't that glorious newsP So, you see, you may now have
your choice of any one of those fine books enumerated below or — and don't foTget this — a box of paints^
Each of the nine pictures in this, the third contest of the FIFTH SERIES of Name Puzzles, rep
resents the name of an American Yacht-Cup Defender. Can you guess them? And that Fairy Biddle — but
there it is in big letters at the top of the picture. Can you solve it? AH! There is rich reward for you if
you can. Now is your chance. Kemember there will be a SFECIAX $5 and $1O PRIZE for the highest
percentage of the whole thirteen weeks of the Fifth Series. 1/
And now listen carefully: THEBE ABE SIXTY PRIZES, and this is what you must do to win
one of them:
v'-'V v. y First— Find the name of an American Yacht-Cup Defender represented in each of the Nine Small
Puzzle Pictures on this page, and write it out in full in the space opposite the proper corresponding num
ber provided for the purpose in the coupon on this page, as per directions; and
' **V 0011 * 1 — Af ter solving the Fairy Biddle printed in big letters at the top of the big picture here
with, find all the objects the answer to the riddle represents;, outline each in pencil or ink, and then
color. -^ith paints, inks, water color or crayons the whole Paint Picture as artistically as you can make it;
nll^in* the coupon with your solution of the Fairy Biddle, your name and address and the prize you do
sire^If .you win— and send the picture, with the coupon attached, to the E1>ITOB OF THE FAIP.Y MID
DLE AND NAME PUZZLE PAGE; Sunday Call, San Francisco. Cal.
jA BEMEMBER— To the FIKST SIXTY BOYS AND GIRLS who not only solve the Nine Name Puz
zles and the Fairy Biddle correctly and find all the objects enumerated in tie riddle, but whose pictures
are the MOST ARTISTICALLY COLORED, one of these SIXTY BEAUTIFUL PBIZES will be awarded.
:^ And don't forget. this next point, because it is very important: ALL ANSWERS MUST BEACH
/THIS OFFICE BY FRIDAY NOON. This gives all tlose in the country an equal chance to cqxnpete.
,'Read everything on thispage, to. be sure that you overlook nothing that will help you to win a prize.
'% THE NAMESOF THE LUCKY WILL BE PUBLISrED IN THE SUNDAY CALL
TWO WEiKS FB0M TO-DAY, September 27.
Celia Hulbert, Georgetown, Cal. $5
Now there are two others who niatie very high .percentages, but y
who, unfortunately, did not make them *as early in the series as the'
two winners, but .who nevertheless deserve special vpTizes for • their ex^'
cellent work. They are: Anna Vera Hobro, 734 Washington street, San
Francisco, and Buth Dewey, 718 Petaluma street, San Balaet/; [Soj: if
these young ladies will select any prize they choose from the list on.
this page • and send ; a letter^ to the Sunday Editor, Call, the ¦ prize ~
will be forwarded ixnmcdiately. ' ' . .
rp+ H. CHLLDBEN ! HEBE FOL LO WETH THE NEWS YOU HAVE
r\ ALL iJEEN WAITING FOB SO IMPATIENTLY. It Is the
\ m . I names of the bright boy and. girl who won the. special highest
•A percentage prizes in the four tli series of name puzzles. As you
can see at a glance, there are 'more' than two names mentioned in this
article, lhere is a special reason fpr'that, os you will soon discover.
Meantime, here are the two lucky * winners: . •>. K
George Howell, Presidio, Cal.. .....*....;.. flO
-JSMM^WMiMM.
Scott street, San Francisco; Josie Gilligan, 261 Seventh ' street, San
Francisco; Louise Higel, Valle jo;* Mary Calogrias^.JUSO Silver' street,
San "Francisco; A. Calo^rias, 120 Silver street, San Francisco; Frank Kel
ly,, Vallejo; E» N. Atwood, Santa Cruz; Ge'nevieve Rouan, 8i5 Io^ira
street, San Francisco; George Calo grins, l"26 Silver street, San Fran- .'
cScb;'Chrissie Bradley, Visalia; I. Martin/. Stockton; Ella Levy, 1916
JEllis street, Saii 'JTancisco;^ Willie Asher,' 524 V'Po'st street, San Fran
ciflco. -: •_ , : ~ • }:' -' '¦'.' - --A;C ? '^55^
' "' ' '_'' • _' ¦ *"2 ; v o>- ' • ¦: ¦< ¦:¦ ¦ ' : .. ¦ 1
prize winners ofciqug. ill
BELOW Is given the list of prize winners in the New Fairy Biddle
and Name Puzzle Contest begun on- August 30. This was • the
First Contest of the Fifth Series — the Names of England's Rulers.
See if you are one of the lucky sixty winners: J > /
Frieda Klein, 2206 Polk street, San Francisco.^ . Harold Mosher,
Berkeley; Mary Hughes, 346 Arlington street, San Francisco; Gertrude
Perry, Tiburon; Edith Buslach, Alameda; Maud "'jacks,'** 12 1O Turk
street, San Francisco; Dora Brink, Lakeport; Mildred Nidever? ¦ Preston;
Susie Hooper, 251 San Carlos avenue, San Francisco; Lee Norvall, Val-i
lejo; Elsa Putzman, Alameda; Crystal Hoppe, Sacramento; Claire John-,
son, Hay wards; Irene Bennett, 11 1G Filbert street, San Francisco; Vir
ginia Ford, 161 Hawthorne street, San Francisco; Mary Bates, Rich
mond; Lafe Beadhead, 2919 Laguna street, San Francisco; Lillian
Cooper, Suisun; Irene Woods, Oakland; Gus Lefer, 2940 Fillmore street,
San Francisco; Iona Boyer, Oakland; Elsie Wharton, Oakland; Ethel
McAllister, 2436 Jackson street, San Francisco; Anna Sylvester, Geyser
rill e; Celia Coleman, 524 Post street, San Francisco; Anna Braese,
2622 Folsom street, San Francisco; W. G. Field, 1403^ Lyon street,
San Francisco; Harry B la ten, 1OO1 Pine street, San Francisco; Antoin
ette Xossak, Geyserville; & Lingenfelser, 122 Erie street, San Fran
cisco; Evalyn Louden, San Bafael; May Taylor, 858 Castro street, Oak
l&nd; Harry Marsh, 109 Noe street, San Francisco; F. O. Pendergast,
Vallejo; Audrey Cooper, Suisun; Leonard Coombs, Agnew; Helen
Hoerst, San Leandro; Lavinia Stone, Oakland; Buth Dewey, San Bafael;
Lucile Mosher, Berkeley; Johnnie Feirans, Angels; Dorothy. Bhein,
Lorin; Kenneth Pyle, Gilroy; Helen Breck, Oakland; Howard Duncan,
2721 Sacramento street, San Francisco; Gladys Ackley, Palo Alto;- D.
JTIlkens, 203 Clara street, San Francisco;' Genevieve Martell, 811
SIXTY PHIZES.
Each cp Thes* Nine Pictures Repre
sents an Amsi-Tcan yach*- C^p D«
p^ndei—-susss Thenpr-Th^H S
Solve the Pafyy F^fddT^-
OUR FAIRY
RIDDLE AND
NAME PUZZLES
THE SUNDAY CAIjIj.
16
Solve the Puzzles,
Fill Out the Coupon
and Send It to
ihe Fuzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S. F.
To Puzzle Editor, Sunday Call,
San Francisco:
Below in their proper num-
bers please find my solution of
the names of America.'* Yacht-
Cup Defenders represented in
th<« week's name puzzles:
1 •
8 .. ..............••••••««•«••«
3
4
6
6
7
8
9
My solution of this week's
Fairy Biddls is
September 13, 1903.
Name
Street or P. a
City
State
Zf I win I choost for prize
(8m List of PxiMi.)Sunday Call
Comic SectionTHE SUNDAY CALL.THE SUSDM CALL.THE SUNDAY CAM*SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13; 1903— FIFTY-TWO PAGES.
VOFIJi, Sept 12.— According to information brought to the revolutionary paper Jiutonomic, a force of Albanians, assisted by Turkish regular forces acting under orders direct from
the Yildiz ICiosfc, massacred the entire Bulgarian Christian population of the Okhrida and Leren districts. Awful descriptions are given 'of the sights seen there. The soldiers,
slaughtering men, women and children in every direction, displayed a barbarism never before witnessed. The number of kilted is not stated in the courier's dispatch, but according to
reports from other sources the total number of the victims will reach 6000.
TURKS PUT TO DEATH SIX THOUSAND CHRISTIANS;
BULGARIA WILL MOBILIZE TWO ARMY DIVISIONS
to send thecmiser La.Touche-
Trevilla to Turkish waters without wait-
Ing for the other, ships from the French
squadron ordered to bo tn readiness to
sail for the Levant. The La Touche-Tre
ville probably will be followed - by the
cruiser Duchella. Their special points of
observation will be Salonica, Beirut and
Smyrna, but they will not go directly to
these places. The warships -will rendez
vous at the small Greek Island of Syria
ARI9. Sept * 12.— Aftw a eonf tr-
B -f^ * nce between the officers of th«
fc^ Marine Ministry and of the For-
JL eign Office. It has been decided
Larger 'Force Is
in Readiness
- '¦ : to Sail.
Two French War
ships Hurrying
Eastward.
SCENE IN, THE. WAR- DISTRICT iOF BULGARIA WHERE THE ; INSURGENTS HAVE FORTIFIED A NUMBER
V " OF CITIES AND ARE RESISTING TURKISH ARTILLERY AND RIFLEMEN, AND VIEW ON THE FRON
" TIER OP FERDINAND'S TROUBLED PRINCIPALITY. * T \ C 4 . ; *• ~^ '¦' ' ' .
:¦¦'.'¦ : ''{%\ OFIA, Sept. 12.—- With; the arrival of new^and sensational
•1 reports of the wholesale massacre "of Christians in Mace
**^ donia, the situation here is hourly- becoming more alarming.
; If the latest messages, which state that 6ooo Bulgarians. have been
¦slaughtered in the districts of Okhrida and Leren, should be con
" firmed; W doubt exists that' the. Government will be forced to.or
.der'the mobilization of the army.
t" "• Official circles are so. far without information. regarding the
reported massacre, but, in view I of the "character of the latest ad
¦¦ vices from Macedonia," it is : feared that the news is' only too" true.
Rumors are. current that at a council of .the Ministers to-day
if was decided to mobilize immediately- the first and second army
• divisions? ¦ This is officially; denied; but well informed persons do
r '- not "doubt .that the Cabinet, whi ch is \ meeting -in council ' daily, is
seriously. considering such a' measure.' ..;. > ¦: .- .
Horrible Massacre Excites
the Sofia Government
Continued on Page 22, Column 4.
"The official gazette prints a notice that
Nazlm Pasha has taken temporary charge
of the administration of Beirut
"Minister Leishman also communicates
the substance of a report received by him
I WASHINGTON. Sept. 12.— The following
bulletin was posted at the State Depart
ment to-day:
- "Minister Lelshman telegraphs under
date of yesterday, the 11th. that the fol
lowing proclamation has appeared in the
papers of Constantinople:
" 'By command of Us Imperial Majesty,
the Sultan, Reshid Bey, Governor General
of Beirut, has been dismissed. Nazlm
Pasha, Governor General of Damascus,
has been appointed acting Governor Gen
eral of Beirut.'
NAZTTff PASHA ENERGETIC.
New Vali of Beirut Restores Feeling
of Confidence.
off the coast and - within steaming dis
tance of .the disturbed district. Admiral
Jaurigeberry and his flagship will remain
at Toulon, ready to reinforce the two
cruisers with a large naval force' in case
of a more serious turn of events.
SIOUX FALLS, S. D.; Sept 12.— A
band of eight masked men blew - open
the safe In the Minnehaha County Bank
at Valley Springs this morning and se
cured between $8000 and $10,000 In cash.
Residents of the town were f aroused
shortly before daybreak by several ex-"
plosions. When , citizens* . appeared , on
the. streets to ascertain the cause they
discovered that the town was picketed
by seven or eight men who drove the
residents from the streets on pain of in
stant death. The robbers then completed
their work and left town.
Armed Bobbers Picket Streets of
Dakota Town Until Booty
Is Secured.
EIGHT MASKED MEN *
BLOW OPEN BANK SAFE
NEW YORK, Sept. 12.— With the convic
tion that Mayor Low will accept the fu
sion nomination almost to a certainty,
and Charles F. Murphy's intention to
nominate Representative George B. Mc-
Clellan apparently crystallzing into ada
ment, the outlook to-day was that each
party would be pleased with its opponent
In this campaign. Tammany wants Low
to run. But Tammany does not want
Low any more than the f unionists want
McClellan. The mayor and his campaign
managers are confident that they .can
beat any Tammany organ man and espe
cially the. man of all others who Is close
to Charles F.~ Murphy "and a favorite of
Richard Croker
Congressman Seems Certain of Tam
many Nomination for New
York Mayoralty.
McCLELLAN TO MAKE /
RACE AGAINST LOW
"STAR-SPANGLED BANNER"
THE NATIONAL ANTHEM
Wavy Department Directs That Due
Respect Be Shown When Air
Is Rendered.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 12.— The Navy De
partment has Issued an order declaring
the "Star Bpangled Banner" the national
anthem and directing that whenever the
composition is played all officers and men
shall stand at "attention," unless they
are engaged in duty that will not permit
them to ido bo. It Is required that the
£ ame respect shall be observed toward the
national air of any other country when
played in the presence of official represen
tatives of euch country.
Anti-Semitic Blot In Austria.
LEMBURO, Austria. Sept. 12.— An antl-
Scmltlc riot occurred yesterday at the an
nual fair at Seeblatov, in consequence of
a woman having been murdered in a
Jewish bouse. Three Jews were seriously
Injured and a number slightly hurt dur
ing the riot. The windows In many Jew
ish bouses wertf smashed.
The Sta|e Minister declared In Con
gress that Jose Manuel Marroquin and
Lorenzo Marroquin would decline to be
candidates for the Presidency and Vice
Presidency of the republic.
BOGOTA. Sept. 12.— In the House of
Representatives to-day Senor Terah in a
speech attacked jthe honor and ability of
Benor Obaldia, the newly appointed Gov
ernor of Panama, and proposed bringing
charges In both sides of Congress against
President Marroquin for his appointment;
A heated discussion followed. The State
Minister eloquently defended Senor Obal
dia, speaking of him In the highest terms]
There Is great excitement here, and the
discussion of the canal treaty by Congress
!s the topic' of all conversation.
Colombian Legislator in Speech At
tacks Honor of Panama's
New Governor.
INCITEMENT IN BOGOTA
OVER CANAL DISCUSSION
A corrcsDondent of one of the London
newspapers has Interviewed a number of
wine merchants, who agree that a great
deal more liquor Is sold now than three
years ago.
LONDON, Sept. 12.— Fashionable wo
men's clubs in the .West End are very
much exercised Just now over a subject
one of the newspapers has labeled "The
Deadly Liqueur." It started from a
statement in the London World that the
habit among women of Indulging In what
are commonly called "cordials" is grow
ing at a rapid rate. Idleness is alleged by
the World to be the predisposing cause of
the growing Indulgence by young mar
ried women, especially o£> the upper
classes, In alcoholic drinks.
Coffee and liquors figure at suppers
after the play and at luncheon parties,
however simply planned. .< The gl^l In her
first season nowadays, says this journal,
thus drinks her benedictine or' creme de
menthe perhaps three times a day. The
young married woman takes her whisky
and aerated water as a matter -of course.
Herald Publishing Company,
Sj>ecial Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1903. by the New York
London Journal Says Use of
"Cordials" Is Growing at
Alarming Bate.
DEPLOBES LIQUOR HABIT
OF FASHIONABLE WOMEN
The officers are using every means to
apprehend the other members of the
gang. In the meantime the prisoner Is
kept in solitary confinement in a building
separate from the main county Jail.
The keeper of the house, James Daugh
erty, was arrested, but two of his con
federates, who had been living In the
house, made their escape. Thursday
evening Daugberty was put through a
long secret "sweating" and finally con
fessed the whole affair. He claimed that
he simply acted as "fence" for the gang
and that among Its members were thir
teen railroad men, Including two freight
conductors. He stated that the opera
tions of the gang had extended over a
number of months and that they had
three or four different places where the
stolen goods were secreted until disposed
of.
Accompanied by officers from San Fran
cisco, Sheriff Neabitt raided a resort on
the Castroville road, about a mile from
this city. Within the. building the of
ficers discovered a quantity of furniture
and beneath the flooring a large amount
of goods, including a quantity of hides,
was found. All of the goods had been
stolen from the freight trains passing
through here. ¦
For the past year it has been known
that aji organized gang was making a
business of pilfering from the various
freight trains. It was not until Thursday
afternoon that the , officers were able to
obtain evidence sufficient to warrant the
taking of definite action.
SALINAS, Sept. 12.-Sheriff W. J. Nea
bitt of this county, assisted by Southern
Pacific detectives from San Francisco,
has succeeded in unearthing a widespread
plot among railroad employes for the
stealing of goods in transit from railroad
cars.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The spot where, the crime was commit
ted Is within a ehort distance of farm
houses and the shots were plainly heard
by the residents.
Sheriff Jones sent out deputies to-night
and a diligent search for the desperado
Is going on. Should he be caught it la
feared that summary vengeance would be
wrought, for numerous threats of mob
law have been made.
The CoronerV Inquest was held . over
the body here to-day, but no new facts
were brought out and 'a verdict was ren
dered In accordance with the facts cited.
Although Kuhnle's pockets were rifled
and his satchel containing $C3 was taken,
there are few who believe that robbery
was the direct motive, though he had no
known enemies.
Kuhnle was about SS years of age and
a native of Germany. He leaves a wife
and three children. He was a prominent
farmer of that district and was in pros
perous circumstances. He had been a
resident of that neighborhood for about
twelve years. He was universally liked
end respected and the officers are at a
loss to ascribe a motive for the crime.
Kuhnle's body was found about twenty
feet from where the buggy was stopped
end about thirty feet from where Kuhnle
was shot, the body having been dragged
that distance into the brush by the mur
derer. It Is thought that the murderer
fired two shots into the body of his vic
tim after he had fallen to the ground,
as three shots were heard by those living
In the vicinity of the crime. The other
two shots took effect In his head and
lungs.
BODY WAS DEAOGED.
Wbea he was on the ground his aesail
t:.t told iiia to walk back a short dis
tance, but Kuhnle retreated In the oppo
tite direction. The asassin fired and the
contents of one barrel of a shotgun took
effect in Kuhnle'e head, literally blowing
it to pieces. This morning portions of
Cesn and brains were found scattered
over en area of twenty feet 6quare.
The firing of the shot alarmed Mrs.
Kuhnle and she whipped up the horse and
drove rapidly home, where she gave the
alarm. A ranchhand at once notified the
neighbors. The news was quickly taken
to Paso Robles and the officers were soon
In pursuit of the assassin. Late to-night
no trace of him had been discovered.
STBJLHGEB. OPENS FIRE.
SA2* LUIS OBISPO. Sept. 12.— Charles
P. Kuhr.le, a wealthy and highly re
epected German farmer, living on the
Estrella, about seven miles east of Paso
Robles, was brutally murdered last night.
Kuhnlo and his wife were returning
from an entertainment of a fraternal so
ciety of which he was a member, and at
about 12 o'clock, when be reached a point
within three miles of bis borne, a man
stepped cut cf the brush by the side of
the read and commanded ICuhnle to get
out of the bugg-y. • which he did. As be
*lig-bt«d from the vehicle ICuhnle made a
loud outcry, thinking to attract iho at
tention of some one living In the neigh
borhood.
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
No one was admitted to the navy yard,
and all accounts of the explosion and at
tending circumstances were obtained from
outsiders. The injured are said to num
ber from four to seven. 4 >;
The ship's company was assembled and
the ship's master-at-arms failed to re
spond'to his name. It is not known what
became of him. One report has it that he
was not on the ship at the time of the ex
plosion. • '
Yerkes and the unknown sailor went to
the barrel and one of them struck a
match. An explosion followed and both
men were enveloped In the flaming liquor.
They perished before a hand could be
raised to save them. The ship at once
caught flre and the blaze for a while was
stubborn, but was finally extinguished. In
the excitement the sailors concerned in
the affair escaped the parties sent out to
arrest them. -
The explosion, according: to reports from
eye-witnesses, followed the theft of a bar
rel of grain alcohol, containing flfty-Bix
gallons, by a party of sailors. This bar
rel, It is said, was taken from one of the
storehouses of the navy yard and re
moved to the dock near the Olympia.
There it was opened. Shipkeeper Daly on
board the Olympia detected the odor of
the spirits and summoned the ship's mas
ter-at-arms. A search led to the discov
ery of the barrel, which was taken aboard
the Olympia and, placed on the hurricane
deck. With the exception of a small
quantity, which had been 'consumed, it
was Intact.
The damage by flre was confined to the
deck of the vessel and embraced: Q'hij'p'the
canvas awnings and their "fixtures. The
decks, however, ¦ were .-slightly.. Injured. »? »--
Immediately aiter the* explosion '¦'- fire
alarms were sounded and the crew, the
navy yard department and a detachment
of marines under Captain Boots soon ex
tinguished the flames.
WHITE MAN, name unknown.
NORFOLK, Va., Sept. 12.— The explosion
pf a barrel of alcohol on the superstruc
ture deck of the cruiser Olympia, In the
dry dock at the Norfolk Navy Yard, to
night killed two men, severely Injured
several others and set fire to the ship.
The -master-at-arms of the vessel is miss-
Ing. The dead:
CORPORAL TERKES, U. S. M. C. I
Southern Pacific Men Ac
cused by a "Fence" Who
Is Under Arrest.
Victims of Accident, Envel
oped in Fire, Meet
Horrible Death.
Terrified Wife Gives Alarm
and Officers Search
for Slayer.
Missing Goods Found
in a House Near
Salinas.
Stranger Opens Fire
When Orders Are
Disobeyed.
Two Killed, One Miss
ing and Several
Injured".
Railroad Employes
Implicated in
Thefts.
Alcohol, Stolen by
Warship's Men
Blows Up.
Mysterious Crime
In a Southern
County.
AUTHORITIES
TRACE LOOT
FROM TRAINS
RICH FARMER
THE VICTIM
OF ASSASSIN
EXPLOSION
ON CRUISER
OLYMPIA
t Continued on Pag© 22, Columns 3 and 4.
Gathmann ha's already constructed a
model, . which, he says,. . clearly,.", demon
strates that the airship of the future must
be a "purely mechanical contrivance based
on scientific principles and not constructed
on the idea of ; flying" birds; any more 'than
steam engines should have been patterned
after, running, horses. ,' By securingegi-eat
horsepower from, his engines, sufficient .to
cause his . fans j to revolve I at' such \ high
speed as ' to displace • air, , he declares, , hla
machine will > arise from ' the ; ground and
sail at will, so long aa. the power Is. kept
up. The car is of the lightest construction
and gasoline is used to generate cower.
CALL BUREAU,. 1406 j G STREET, . N.
W., WASHINGTON, . Sept. ; ; 12.-^Lewls
Gathmann, the inventor of the' Gathmahn
shell, which received considerable, atten
tion on the part 'of members of Congress
some months ago, and which .Was tested
at Sandy Hook by officers ; of ;,the ; army,
has invented a- mechanical automobile air
ship which, he. believes, will solve : the
problem of aerial navigation..: ...u^,; V
Gathmann's "airship may 'become' of the
greatest use from a military standpoint,
according to the inventor, but he conserv
atively says thatj he 'does not believe ' that
any airship will ever become commercially
valuable. .._.'•>-¦"? , '.¦'.- • . .* ¦- '> -.•";¦ :i
An ordinary electric fan,' "inverted -so
that the fan revolves horizontally,. is. the
basis of Gathmann's Idea. .He has worked
out a machine with huge fans, measuring
thirty-six feet* from tip to f tip, which re
volve at a speed of 260 revolutions per min
ute, and the rushing air from underneath
causes the car attached . to rise' from the
earth. The : fans are , on huge spindles,
operated by a'double gasoline, engine. ."
Special Dispatch ;to The Call.
Inventor Believes
He Has Solved
, Problem. -
AUTOMOBILE
AIRSHIP IS
THE LATEST
Pages 21 to 34
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCIV-NO. 105.
PagMrt
The San Francisco CallSAN JOSE, Sept 12.— J. K. Castro and
Miss Margaret Munroe, two well known
young people of San Francisco, were
married at St. Joseph's Church here to
day. The Rev. Father Gleeson performed
the ceremony in the presence of a num
ber of friends and relatives. Miss Helen
Munroe, a sister, was bridesmaid, and
Arthur Castro, a brother, attended the
groom. A wedding breakfast was enjoyed
at the Lamolle, after which the couple
left for a wedding tour to Los Angeles.
Mr. Castro is a well-known member of
the Castro family of Mountain View, but
for a number of years has resided in San
Francisco. The bride is the daughter of
Mrs. Margaret Munroe of San Francisco.
Mr. and Mrs. Castro will make their home
in San Francisco.
Wedded in the Garden City.
MOSCOW,- Sept. 12.— Two high officials
of the Russian secret police have been
exiled to Archangel and Siberia, respec
tively. It is said they were ordered here
to organize a secret society, to hold se
cret meetings of workmen in different
towns of the empire, with a view to se
curing the arrest of the ringleaders ! of
such movements. Unfortunately for the
officials several of the meetings which
they arranged resulted in serious disturb
ances, hence the banishment of the two
secret police officials. The Incident has
caused a sensation in administrative cir
cles.
TWO POLICE OFFICIALS
ARE SENT INTO EXILE
Hussian Secret Service Men's Plans
Result in Serious Disturb
ances at Moscow.
Continued From Page 21, Column 7.
A cla"sh is likely at any time. Some of
the Indians who were opposed to the rat
ification of th,e treaty are threatening to
run the surveyors off the reservation. It
may become necessary to send out an
armed guard with every surveying party,
as trouble is likely in a number of quar
ters. One reason for the strained condi
tion is the recent death of Chief John,
who had the tribe under excellent con
trol. . His demise has left the more, rad
ical element is in the ascendency. The In
dians are especially bitter against the
"sooners," and some of these may be
killed before the opening unless they get
off the reservation. Two troops of col
ored cavalry are on the way to Fort Du
chesne as reinforcements and their pres
ence is expected to asist in preserving or
der. They were ordered there by General
Frank D. Baldwin, commander of the De
partment of Colorado.
SALT LAKE. Utah, Sept 12.— Serious
trouble^ is threatened on the Uintah In
dian reservation in the eastern part of
the State, and a detachment of troops
has been ordered from Fort Duchesne to
quell • the threatened outbreak. The
trouble Is due principally to the presence
of "sooners," who are awaiting the open
ing of the greater part of the reservation.
Although the Indian police and troop
ers from Fort Duchesne have been pa
trolling the country thoroughly, they
have not been able to keep off the "soon
ers," who have had frequent clashes
with the Indians. The red men are an
gered over the prospect of losing the rich
lands of the reservation, although the
matter has been settled for some time.
The more radical ones* among them are
counseling resistance. The sight of sur
veyors laying off the lands has incensed
them, and now comes the time when the
schools open, which often causes trouble.
A number of the Indians have defied the
authorities, declining to send their chil
dren to' school. A detachment of cav
alry has been sent out with instructions
to bring back the children and to arrest
the parents if, any resistance be shown.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Detachment of Troops Sent
to Quell the Threatened
Uprising.
Prospect of Losing Rich
Land Angers
MIM FASHA ENERGETIC.
Turkish circles are exercised at the ac
tion of the Greek Premier In protesting
to the powers against the atrocities per
petrated by the Turks upon the Greeks,
but confidence is expressed that there will
be no change in the attitude of the
Athens Government, on the ground that
Greece Is too much opposed to the expan
sion of Bulgaria to do anything which
might cause intervention and consequent
alteration of the status in Macedonia.
The dispatch of French warships to
nearer proximity to Turkey is accepted
here as an indication of the purpose of
France to be prepared to protect French
interests, not only during the present dis
turbance, but in the event of war. ¦
The suggested elevation of the Amer
ican Minister In Constantinople to the
rank of Embassador Is believed in official
circles here to be an excellent proposal,
on the ground that in the eyes of the
Mussulmans the United States occupies
an inferior position In near Eastern af
fairs, which is due partly to the lower
rank of it3 representative at the Turkish
capital. • .
Strong pressure is being exerted on the
British Foreign Office to cause it to take
more energetic action to stop the atro
cities on the part of the Turks. But the
policy of the Cabinet continues to be con
fined to preserving the concert of Europe.
On all sides It is said that the further ef
forts of every power will be to prevent a
general European conflagration. In the
event of an outbreak of war between
Turkey and Bulgaria being utterly un
avoidable, the policy of the powers will
be to avoid complications which may em
broil them.
LONDON, Sept 12.-From Informa
tion gleaned in various diplomatic
circles in London to-day It is
learned that the powers have come to
recognize the fact that only drastic meas
ures will maintain peace between Turkey
and Bulgaria. No one participating . In
the negotiations now denies that the two
countries are perilously close to war. It
is even suggested in a responsible quarter
that the Slavs are working with the Bul
garians to convince the world that a
frightful state- of affairs prevails In Mace
donia and that humanity demands the
intervention of the powers.
UINTAH INDIANS
IN UGLY HUMOR
Drastic Measures
Must Be Taken
by Powers.
PROMPT INTERVENTION BY NATIONS OF EUROPE
NECESSARY TO AVERT A DECLARATION OF WAR
Continued From Page 21, Columns 5 and 6.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Gross Receipts of the San Francisco
Postoffi.ce for August Were
1 $118,068.
WASHINGTON. D. C, 8ept. 12.—Post
masters commissioned: Oregon — Annie
Burkett. Divide, Washington — Jacob
Keve, Gross.
Gross receipts of the San Francisco
Postofllco for August were $118,068,
against $100,879 for August, 1902.
Army orders — Major Francis P. Fre
mont, Twelfth Infantry, from Philip
pines to San Francisco, thence to De
partment of Colorado.,
MASSACRE EXCITES SOFIA.
Rodenbach's "Delusion" Is Hissed.
BERLIN, Sept. 12.— Four plays hitherto
unseen in Berlin were produced here last
night. At the Deutsches Theater George
Rodenbach's play, "Delusion," was hissed.
It was followed by a one-act 'play .by Ar
thur Snltzler. entitled "The Doll Player."
At the Leisure Theater a dramatization of
Count Tolstoi's "Resurrection" -was per
formed. The newspapers pronounce the
play inferior. "Dalibor," an opera . by
Smetana was performed at the Theater
Des Westens. The newspaper critics
were Pleased with, the singing of Roxy
King In the part of Milack.
LONDON, Sept. 12.— No steps whatever
have been taken in connection with the
frequently reported contemplated visit of
the Prince of Wales to America. No in
vitation has been tendered to the Prince
of Wales, and neither the United States
embassy, the British Commissioners to
the St.* Louis Exposition nor C. L. Wat
son,. the secretary of the commission,
have an expectation that the visit will
occur. Nothing Is being done even in a
preliminary, unofficial way toward secur
ing the Prince of Wales' presence at St
Louis. ¦ \
NO INVITATION TENDERED
TO PRINCE OF WALES
Not Even Unofficial Steps Taken to
,. Secure His Presence at St.
Louis Exposition.
Stones and other missiles were' thrown
and the troops . were called out, the ar
rival of which incensed the mob. The
throwing of missiles became more general
and revolvers were drawn and fired, one
policeman and a soldier being wounded.
The soldiers thereupon fired and dis
persed the mob.
TIFLIS, Russian Transcaucasia, Sept
12.— Several persons "'were killed and
twenty-seven injured in an encounter be
tween several thousand Armenians and
police and troops yesterday at an Am
menian church near Elizabethpol. The!
Armenians met to protest against the
transfer of the Armenian church property
to the civil administration under an im
perial decree issued June 25. They pro
posed to resist the execution- of the law
and refused to heed the remonstrances of
the police.
Clash With Troops and Police and
Several Are Killed and
Many Injured.
ARMENIAN'S . RESISTTNTG
TRANSFER OF PROPERTY
ROME, SenV. .12.— The Porte has sent a
telegraphic report ;to v its embassy here
giving its version of the general outlook
in the Balkans, by which it appears that
the "work of suppressing 'the 'insurrection
has been successful throughout Mace
donia. The Turkish authorities expect to
have the insurgents completely crushed
within a few days and peace re-estab
lished. The report has been communi
cated to the Italian Government.
Turkish Report Optimistic.
from tha United States Consul at Beirut
The situation there appeared to have im
proved. The new acting Governor, Nazlm
Pasha, has called upon him, stating his
desire to treat the Magelssen matter
promptly and satisfactorily and express
ing his purpose to effect a complete reor
ganization of the police force of Beirut.
Mr. Ravndal says that the new Governor
enjoys the reputation of being a very cap
able man and his appointment has given
much pleasure to the people of Beirut."
WEISENFELS ON THE SAALE, Prus
sia, Sept. 12.— The army maneuvers were
this year more than ever a vast specta
cle, affording a gorgeous background for
Emperor William's massive cavalry at
tacks and storming of batteries. The
Emperor turned the working out of the
day's strategic problem, prepared by the
general staff, into a glorified sham battle
that delighted many thousands of specta
tors assembled on the elevated ground.
The maneuvers were preceded by four
parades, four provincial banquets and the
state entry of the Emperor and Empress
into Saale for the purpose of attending
the ceremony of consecrating a church.
All i these functions were attended by the
various sovereigns of the minor German
States." • . • . .
Emperor Turns Working Out of
1 a Strategic Problem Into a,
. Great Sham Battle.
GERMAN AEMY MANEITVEItS
PROVE VAST SPECTACI/E
Canadians feasfux
of yankee trlumph
Tear This Country Will Win Its
Contention in the Alaskan
Boundary Dispute.
LONDON. Sept 12.— A dispatch to a
news agency from Liverpool quotes Dr.
Robert J. Howard, the- son-in-law of Lord
Strathcona, the Canadian High Commis
sioner, who arrived there on the Cunard
Line eleamer Locania to-day, as saying:
"Every means is being taken to stiffen
the backs of the British representatives
In the Alaskan boundary matter to resist
the American demands."
He added: "The Canadians will be very
much incensed if the British commission
ers showed a disposition to give away
Canada's rights."
Dr. Howard's remarks were prompted
by statements published here from a Can
adian source, intimating that Canada
might be sacrificed by Great Britain for
the sake of the latter's friendship for the
United States. No one of the American
commissioners would consent to be quot
ed on the subject The British officials
openly cay that such criticisms certainly
will not predispose Lord Chief Justice Al
verstor.e to pass favorably on the Cana
dian arguments. One of the afternoon
papers to-day doubted "whether American
opinion would allow the American Gov
ernment to respect the findings; or. if it
is against Canada, it is possible that it
may spell eeparation from the mother
country."
Probably the largest can factory in the
world is that of the Standard Oil Com
pany at Long Island City, at which 70,000
five-gallon cans are made from Welch tin
each day for the export kerosene trade.
Three men have made 24,000 cans in one
dav:
BERLIN, Sept. 12.— Serious floods have
occurred in the Westphalia valley. Ems
is under water and several villages are
cubmerged. their inhabitants being com
pelled to flee frpm their homes.
Floods in Westphalia.
LIVERPOOL, Sept 12.— A rumor is now
current that the White Star Line will
soon cease to be a part of the Interna
tional Mercantile Marine Company and
will become a purely British individual
firm under the ownership of the Ismay
family. It is said that the report pub
lished by the London Times this morning
In a dispatch from Liverpool that the
White Star, Dominion and American
•teamship lines will shortly cease to exist
as distinct organizations, • the Dominion
and American lines being taken over by
the White Star, applies only to a merger
of the passenger departments, though a
merger of the freight departments may
follow.
The officials of all lines Interested re
fuse to give out any information, and
confirmation of the defection of the
White Star Line Is completely lacking. It
seems possible, however, that some pas
senger merger arrangement will shortly
be announced.
LONDON. Sept 12.-The St James Ga
zette says that while the Morgans' cfllce
here characterize the merger as pure fic
tion, the St. James Gazette has reason
to believe that changes have been decided
upon, though perhaps not so sweeping as
indicated by the London Times. These
will take the form of further develop
ment at London, and Liverpool along the
lines by which all the West End passen
ger business of the Dominion, American,
Leyland and Transport lines will ue
transacted at cne ofilce. The several
staffs and offices at Liverpool may be
amalgamated. The paper quotes an In
ternational Mercantile Marine official as
Baying that changes were inevitable, and
"that rough corners in the administration
required knocking off."
Another Liverpool dispatch reports that
the White Star line v-'I Immediately take
over the Dominion "I... »¦». Boston and
Mediterranean serv* e, j. the best Do
minion vessels being 'j'^nsf erred to the
White Star flag and probably having
their names changed. The remainder of
the Dominion line vessels will continue
their Portland and Boston services,
though it is believed they will eventually
all be transferred to the White Star line.
The report regarding the transfer of
the American line is said to be without
foundation.
NEW YORK, Sept 12.— The reported
defection of the White Star Line was de
nied to-day by a leading director of the
Mercantile •Marine Company, who de
clared the representatives of the various
subsidiary companies were, working in
complete harmony.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 12.— William Tecum-
Bch Thorndyke, crandson of General W. T.
Sherman, has been selected by the committee
having: the matter in charge to unveil the
Sherman statue recently erected in this city.
The ceremonies wiil take place Qctober 15.
Luk Kin was at one time a noted rob
her chief. Li Hung Chang admired his
bravery and gave him a commission un
der Colonel Yang." -
Luk Kin cheerfully undertook the dan
gerous commission of ¦., penetrating the
rebel ranks, and presented himself before
Li Lao. to whom he with some eloquence
presented Viceroy Tsen's offer of peace,
assuring him that the. past would be con
doned. After some hesitation LI Lap
agreed to accept Tsen's offer and de
tailed two of his principal officers to
return with Luk. Kin and dis
cuss terms of peace with i the Viceroy.
While they were passing through Kwal
Ping on the way to the Viceroy they were
arrested by Chan King Wa, the district
magistrate, who despite the energetic re
monstrances of Luk Kin ordered the in
stant decapitation of Li Lap's emissaries.
Luk Kin vehemently denounced the
magistrate's action, whereupon the lat
ter's soldiers riddled him with bullets.
CALLr BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
"W.. WASHINGTON. Se D t. 12.— In a re
port Just submitted to the State Depart
ment by Consul General McWade at Can
tori,' China, the tragic story of the life
of Luk ICin, a former rebel chief, is told.
.As a reward for his valor the rebel was
given a_ responsible office with the Gov
ernment forces and finally met his death
at the hands of a stupid Government of
ficial while trying to make peace with Li
Lap and a band of rebels under his com
mand.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
-Tragic Story Told in Report
of Consul General
McWade.
Mercantile Marine Company
Denies Truth of the
Rumor.
White Star Line Ex
pected to Join a
New Merger.
Luk Kin Killed While
Trying to Protect
Peace Envoys."
FORMER REBEL
SHOT TO DEATH
MAY WITHDRAW 5
FROM THE TRUST
Vitorica was sitting at a table In the
saloon. After asking the bartender for a
glass of wine Ambris turned on Vitorica,
produced a revolver which he had con
cealed In a side pocket and while within a
few feet of Vitorica discharged It. The
ball passed through the superintendent's
mouth, broke the Jaw and passed out at
the base of the brain. He was carried
Immediately to the house of a friend and
his physicians say that he cannot recover.
The two men had come up on the same
train from Nogales. arriving Friday after
noon. Vitorica had no suspicion that Am
bris was looking for him, but a written
statement found on the person of the dead
man stated that he had been following
his old employer with the Intention of
killing him.
TUCSON, Ariz., Sept. 12.— The Tertulla
saloon at Nogales was the scene of a
sensational shooting last night. Lam
berto Vitorica, superintendent of the
federal telegraph lines at Guaymas was
shot through the head by Luis Ambrls,
a discharged employe, and will die. Am
bris turned the revolver against his own
head, pulled the trigger and blew out his
own brains.
Telegraph Line Superintendent Shot
and Els Murderer Com
mits Suicide.
MEXICAN KILLS MAN"
WHO DISCHARGED Trnvr
FRESNO, Sept. 12.— Negotiations are
pending between the Building Trades
Council and the Builders' Exchange
looking toward the appointment of a per
manent committee of arbitration for the
adjustment of all differences arising be
tween the workers in the building trades
and their employers. A prominent clause
of the agreement between the two bodies
is that there shall be no strikes. The
walking delegates of the trades union,
instead of ordering his men oft of a Job
when he finds affairs running in a way
that does not suit him, will report the
grievance to the arbitration committee,
and the men will continue at work while
this committee adjusts the trouble.
Another clause of the agreement is that
all the unions in the building trades shall
establish a wage scale to be in force until
a stated time. This has already been put
into effect, the unions having pledged
themselves to demand no raises in wages
until May 1, 1904. The appointment of this
committee and the agreement as to wage
rates promise to stimulate the building
progress in this city to a great degree.
Labor troubles and the uncertainty of'
completing Jobs on the contract price
have made many property owners chary
about building. Now, however, the sta
bility of conditions will prompt the com
mencement of a large amount of new
work.
rangement to Prevent Labor
Difficulties,
Negotiations in Progress for an Ar-
AB.BITBATION COMMITTEE
TO AID FRESNO WORK
Several of the women who saw tha ac
cident fainted. Day was 22 years of age.
He came here to take the place of Barney
Oldfleld, who was billed to drive his ma
chine at a record-breaking pace, but who
met with a serious accident in Detroit
early in the week and eent Day on to fill
the engagement. The automobile was
running at about a mile a minute when
the accident occurred. The machine which
came to grief is a total wreck. It is said
to be the one which holds all records of
from one to ten miles.
MILWAUKEE, Sept I2.-Frank M.
Day, formerly of California, was killed in
an automobile accident at the State Fair
grounds this afternoon while driving; Bar
ney Oldfleld's record-breaking machine In
a flve-mlle race against time. Day had
covered about four miles of tha distance
when, upon reaching the head of the
home stretch, the powerful machine
swerved, ran into the fence and toppled
over. A3 the machine upset Day received
a terrific blow on the back of the head
which rendered him unconscious and he
died fifteen minutes later without regain
ing consciousness. :
Frank M. Day Receives Fatal
Injury in Disaster at •
L ; . Milwaukee. ; :
A Former Californian Is
Killed in Automobile
Accident.
TRY AT RECORD
ENDS IN DEATH
The Government appears to be'firmly resolved to, avoid giv
ing Turkey the slightest pretext for- declaring hostilities, and is
doing its utmost to restrain the war fever. Sofia and the country
generally are outwardly as calm as in' the most peaceful times, but
the Bulgarians say this calmis more < to be feared than at any
- , n engagement is reported to ; have occurred between a force
of insurgents "and Turkish troops at Suipir.dol, in which not a
single revolutionist was killed, while the Turks lost heavily..
Telegrams from Burgas say : the Bulgarian population is fast
disappearing from vthe district of . Eosengrad, and that every one
unable to escape to the Bulgarian frontier is .killed. The' War
Office here is greatly concerned over the increasing number of
deserters who go to join the insurgents;
A deputation of leading professors and representatives of
the professional classes yesterday waited upon the Ministers and
urged the Government to order, immediate mobilization. Premier
Petroff replied to the delegation that the Ministry was unable to
admit the necessity for such a step at the present time.
The Turkish Government is believed to have at the present
moment no less than 60,600 soldiers in the vilayet of Adrianople,
large bodies of them within ten to fifteen kilometers of .the'Bul
garian frontier. Confronted by such a situation it is .urged that
Bulgaria would be amply justified in mobilizing the v first and sec
ond army divisions, the headquarters of which are at Sofia and
Phillippopolis, and which comprise' the forces nearest-the-Turk
ish frontier. .':»..: . \
THE SAN FEAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1903.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 12,-Mlss Adeline "Wal
dorf, the young lady who committed sui
cide In San Francisco Thursday morning,
was burled here this afternoon. The
funeral was attended by a large number
of friends of the young lady. Miss Wal
dorf formerly resided here. She was a
kindergarten teacher and 26 years of age.
Funeral of Miss Waldorf.
22
SB. KZLSLSB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
HOW TO JIND OUT.
Fill a bottle or common glass with your
T-aler and let It stand twenty-four hours;
a. Mdimest or settling Indicates an un-
healthy condition of the kidneys; if It
stains th« linen It Is evidence of kidney
trcobta; too freer* at desire to pass It, or
pals tn the back Is also convincing proof
that the kidneys and bladder ara out of
order.
WHAT TO DO.
There is comfort In the knowledge so
cften expressed tnal Dr. Kilmer's Swarap-
Root. the great kidney and bladder rem-
edy, fulfills every \.-lsh In curias rheuma-
tism, pain In the back, kidneys, liver,
bladder and every part of tha urinary
passage. It corrects Inability to hold wa-
ter and scalding- pain In passing It, or bad
effects following' use of liquor, wine or
beer, and overcomes that unpleasant ne-
cessity of 1 »ing: compelled to co often dur-
ing the day, and to get up many times
during the night. The mild and the ex-
traordinary effect of Swamp-Root is soon
realized. It stands the highest for its
wonderful cures of the most distressing
cases. If you ne«d a medicine you should
have the best. Sold by druggists In fifty-
cent and one-dollar sizes.
You may have a sample bottle of
Enamp-Root, the great kidney remedy,
and a bock that tells all about It, both
rent absolutely free by malL Address Dr.
Kilmer & Co., Blnghamton, N. Y. When
writing- be cure to mention that you read
this generous offer In The San Francisco
Bunday Call. Don't make any mistake but
remember the name, Swamp-Root, Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the address,
.Blnghamton. X. Y., on every bottle.
1792 . 1903
STATEMENT
* — — OIT THE
CONDITION AND AFTAIB3
——Or* 'l~i-| e ¦
Insurance Company
OF NORTH AMERICA
(FOUNDED A. D. 1792)
OF PHILADELPHIA. TS THB 8TATB OS*
Pennsylvania, on th© 31st day of Dvcexa-
; ber. A. . V>. 1903. and for the year andlnc on
i that day. a a made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner or the State of California, pursuant to
i the provisions of Sections 810 and 611 of th»
i Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
[ nlshed by the Commissioner.
Capital $3,000.000 00
Amount of Cartta! Stock paid sp
In Cash 8.000.000 CO
ASSETS.
Real Estat* owned by Company.. 1723.300 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 1.130,997 29
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. 6,791,790 9$
Amount of Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds, Stocks and
other marketable securities as
collateral 821.400 CO
Cash In Company's Office 10.307 69
Cash In Banks 1.147.103 25
Interest due and accrued oa
Bonds and Mortgages 7.627 30
i Premiums In due Course of Col-
i lection 080,532 44
i Bills receivable, not Matured.
taken for Fire and Marine
Risks W.0B9 10
Book accounts due company 4,263 SO
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid 590 57
Total Assets llO.Ae4.lS3 CO
LIABD^TTTES. ~~
Losses adjusted and unpaid fl 13, 689 27
Losses In process of Adjustment
or in Suspense B69.612 70
Losses resisted. Including ex-
penses 49.713 03
Gross oremiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less $3,-
277.977 35; reinsurance Su per
cent 1.628.98S68
Gross Dremiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year.
$3,998,439 29; reinsurance pro
rata 2.C9S.433 23
Gross Dremiums on Marine Time
Risks. $ ; reinsurance 50
per cent - 862.119 00
Amount reclaimable by the In-
sured on perpetual flro insur- ¦i>^t-
ance policies 769.411 19
Cash dividends remaining unpaid 60 00
Due and accrued for salaries,
rent, etc 49.S4B $S
All other liabilities I 60.433 83
Total Liabilities $5.713.994 53
INCOME. -=5=
Net cash actually received for
Ftr« premiums $4,894,334 49
Net cash actually received for
Marine premiums 1.S3S.619 TS
Received for Interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 70.94S 43
Received for Interest and divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loans
and from all other sources 237.649 83
Received for Rents 42.044 44
Received from all other sources.. S11.S21 21
Total Incom* f7.415.713 17
EXFE?n>ITCItE3. ~~
Net amount paid for Flra Losses $2,823,417 53
Net amount raid for Martn*
Losses 1,017.858 41
TMvldends to Stockholders 339.940 CO
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 1.312,634 64
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 894 212 24
Paid for State. National and
Local tares 139.S79 00
All other . payments and expendl-
t°res 873.643 84
Total Expenditures $6. 449. OS I 33
Fire. Marine.
Losses Incurred
during the yeaj.$2.707.81T SS S1.1S9.S35 41
Risks and Premiums. Fir» Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Rinks
written during the
expired durlnr the
ye« r ; • 5OT.711.343 8.369.763 42
Net amount in force
December 31. 1902. 617.467.136l 7.279.476 64
Mar. Risks. Premiums."
Net amount of Risks
written durlnc the 1
year $302,609,703 $2.133,383 a
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
*««* 891.S36.11S 2.133.497 48
Net amount in force
December 31. 1002. tt.5O3.tl 4 362.119 00
CHARLES" PLATT. PreVt.
OREVILLE E.FRTER, Sec*y.
I Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 16th
day of January. 1903.
RICH'D. H. RETLLY. Notary Public
Losses Paid Since Organization, $111, 857.074- 87
JAMES D. BAILEY, General Agent
412 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
CEO. H. MURDOCK a SON, City Agents,
Announce a Reorganization of their
Mail Order Business
and are prepared to fill such
orders with
PROMPTNESS and DISPATCH
CLOur new style book, "About
Clothes," is now ready and will
be mailed to any address on ap-
plication. . j-
CLThe book is beautifully illus-
trated, showing the newest models
in Men's and Boys' Clothes, and
will be found to be of invaluable
assistance as a reference book for
those who wish to appear properly
dressed on all occasions.
CLWe send instructions for Stak-
ing measurements, give all possi-
ble information regarding • style,
material, etc., and shall be pleased
to open correspondence with you
on all matters relating to Men's
apparel.
C Write at once to Dept. B for our Style bookf
KEARNY AT POST
I DINING TABLE
I " $9.50
H Tour dlnlnc-room ta not complete
3 without a Round Table. W« are offer-
1 ° n " $9.50
if We ar« complete home furnlsliers--
g hotel*, flats or country Hotti«». Esti-
S ™t»s Riven. Free delivery within 100
J miles.
I T. BRILLIANT
I FURNITURE CO.
P 3^8 to 342 POST ST.
I WILL GIVE $1000
TJTITIL CURED
WOMAN'S BREAST IS CANCER
A lump or sore on the lip, face or anywhere
six months is nearly always cancer. 1 20 para
book sent free with testimonials of thousands
cured wbom you can see.
The Dr. S. R. Cbamley Cancer Core Co.
"Strictly Reliable" Two lady assistants.
23 and 25 Third St., San Francisco
SEND TO SOMEONE WITS CANCER
: lf>0, has in the last few years sprung into great pop-
W3 ™ s rer "art<able popularity rests upon its
mM individual merits— which are of a remarkably
W$$ m *gh order. Its tone quality is of singular rich- $$§&
f$d «ess, with a fullness and resonance all its own. '^§$?
fMg Inquire for our liberaland easy terms on -sill
MM the Hardman Piano. ' &&£?
M BASEMENT BARGAIN *? f
mi . i . : FOR MONDAY I
il^Sfli&\ s^?^y use d Ludwig Upright j
W^^^m Piano. Price when new $450. In first-
iliPl lElk cIass condition now. Present price
Wlmm ; $275.oo' ,
W*®h(L* I 93I9 33 Market St. . San rranclsco
Mt" ;^^/' \\X C ° r< 9th and Broadwa y '.•¦; Oakland t \"Your new brother is the eleventh child
in the family, is he not?" asked the call
er. "Yes ma'am," said the little girL
"Have you named him yet?" "I think
we're going to name him Jerusalem.
That's what papa called him when he
was born."— Chicago Tribune. •„
Value of his opinion— "Do you think it's
going to rain?" she asked. "Oh, I'm sure
it's not," he replied. "Then I'll take my
umbrella," she announced with decision.—
Chicago EveningPosL
ltOME. Sept. 12.— All along the seacoast
he-avy windstorms have occurred, doing; con
siderable damage. It Is not known If any fa
talities resulted from the storm.
Fraternal Brotherhood.
THE six lodges of San Francisco
of the " Fraternal Brotherhood
have under consideration a plan
to have Joint social functions for the pur
pose of attracting additional attention to
this California organization.
There is a movement to establish a fra
ternal home In this city for the several
local lodges. It Is proposed to build a
Fraternal Brotherhood Temple, where all
the lodges can hold their meetings and
also have a social hall, where entertain
ments and balls can be given. As a re
sult of two meetings, when the project
was explained, more than $10,000 has been
subscribed.
San Francisco Lodge had an open meet
ing September 11. at which there was a
large attendance and a good programme
of entertainment was presented.
Mission Lodge had a nightcap party the
sarne night in its meeting place in Excel
sior Hall and it proved a very delightful
social function.
Progress Lodge will have a party on
the night of September 23.
Golden Gate Hall on the evening
of the first Wednesday in September, was
a delightful function, that was attended
by a large number of ladies and gentle
men. The programme of entertainment
included the followinc numbers:
Welcome address, J. W. Millward; his
tory of Court Apollo and the order,
George J. Berger; vocal selection, Mrs.
'Richardson; song and dance, Miss Mar
tha Bowes; a few minutes with Harry J.
Boas; recitation. Miss Ruby Ramdophr;
piano solo, Fred Driden; recitation, "Sink
ing of the Kesper," Miss Gwenlta Allen;
Irish hornpipe, Miss Bowes; baritone solo,
Dillard Harker; trick table and barrel
Jumping, R. L. Stone; selections by Arion
Mandolin Quartet; mandolins, Miss Liz
zie Lagomarslno, Ernil C. Bose; guitars.
Miss Alma Bose, Frank O. Sullivan.
THE entertainment and ball that
was given by Court Apollo of the
Ancient Ord^r of Foresters, in
Ancient Forestry.
Mrs. Jor.es— I think Anna has a slight
leaning toward young Smith.
Mr. Jones — Slight! Good heavens,
¦woman, you ought to have seen them on
the porch last night.— Kansas Indepenu
ent.
priests themselves.
HOW IT BETAINS POPULATION".
Another curiously Irish phenomenon:
This region In Connemara keeps up " Its
population, while the people are flying
rapidly from the best lands in Ireland.
For example, the population of Muck
anaghederdauhaulla has remained prac
tically the same since 1831. while that of
Navan Union, in Meath. which has a val
uation of about £7 per head, and Includes
some of the best land in the United King
dom, has diminished by nearly 20 per cent
in the same period. This is no isolated
accident, but a strong example of a state
of things which Is general throughout the
country, graduated according to the re
sources. ' The people multiply on misery,
and fly from wealth throughout agricul
tural Ireland from one end to the other.
Irish-speaking p'eople have long looked
on the English language as n mean? to
"emigrate, and many have teamed It main
ly for that purpose. In accurate propor
tion as the English language has spread
In the west and south, the population has
diminished ; and this is particularly no
ticeable, in the various districts of Conne
mara,' where the priests tell me tha* the
main cause of the population not falling
Is that the people have known Irish, only.
In like manner education is regarded as a
means of. escape to some other country,
and so widely established is this idea that
I have lately heard it recommended by a
member of Parliament, even in a district
where the agricultural and other re
sources were about the average. Educa
tion in Ireland is carried on largely for
the benefit of America.
Muckanaghederdauhaulla means some
thing concerning "the pig between the
two seas"— literally, "between the two
salt waters." I regret to say that the
Petition for special letters of adminis
tration on the estate of Miss Isabella D.
Clark, who committed suicide on Wednes
day, was filed yesterday by Dr. William
F. McXutt. In his petition Dr. McXutt
states that the deceased made her will on
September 9, the day preceding her death.
He mentions none cf the provisions there
in. He states that the petitioner was
appointed the sole executor thereof; that
no application has been made for letters
testamentary; that there will be delay in
granting 6uch letters testamentary; that
said estate of said deceased needs the
care and attention of some competent
person, and that it is requisite that some
such person be appointed to take charge
of the estate.
The value of the estate is said to ex
ceed $10,000.
The following- property Is listed as be
longing to It:
An undivided one-quarter Interest in
three certain pieces of real property on
Front street, between Broadway and Val
lejo; an undivided one-quarter interest in
a certain piece of real property on the
northwest corner of Broadway and Front
street; a lot of land on the southwest cor
ner of Tenth and Market streets, with
Improvements thereon; a lot of land on
the southwesterly line of Tenth street,
between Market and Mission; an undivid
ed one-auarter interest in a lot of land
at the northwest corner of Sutter and
Stockton streets, with the improvements
thereon; books and wearing apparel.
The attorney for the petitioner is Max
well McXutt.
Property of Miss Isa
bella D. Clark Is Very
Valuable.
SUPPOSED TO BE CHRISTIANS.
The people are supposed to be Chris
tians, but there is no place of worship
of any. kind. The Catholic religion pre
vails.' on the mainland and the priests
make periodical visits when the weather
is fine. Fishing and a little precarious
agriculture, among quartz crags are the
sole support of the people, who In so far
as I 'Could make, out are the descendants
of' fugitives from wars which gave all
the land worth having in. that country to
a conquering race. At least that is the
popular belief, but the real history of the
people is little known.
Nominally, at least, the place Is said to
be under British jurisdiction, though it is
hard to believe this in view of the con
dition of the natives and the glory of the
British -Hag. The coloring' of the maps
makes it British, but that Is about all one
can see to associate this region with "the
greatest empire the world has known."
Such * was Muckanaghederdauhaulia
when I left there last January, but on' my
way through the adiacent mainland I
found the | resources and \ the people even
poorer, and I went through": one district
which was at least twice as poor, judg
ing from official statistics and from my
own experience alike. Yet the mainland
is certainly in the British empire.
Where is all this? It Is in the United
Kingdom, in Ireland. In . the county of
Galway, ¦ In the center ¦ of Connemara,
! about halfway between Galway City and
Cllf den. There is a place called Derrynea,
where the valuation for local government
: purposes. is only 4s per head, as against
£7 per head in the agricultural districts
of Meath.- The - statutory qualification
i for a ; congested district is 30s per head;
and it is a strange fact that the Congested
'Districts Board has; never done anything
for the! agricultural population of Derry
nea, while they have continually poured
-money into places eight times less poor.
; I Priests . tell me ¦ this Is d,ue to their . own
reverend representatives on the board, but
I that is a matter I'd rather leave to the
HOW THEY DBESS.
The male Rluckanaghederdauhaulian's
dress consists solely in two coarse woolen
garments, a jacket and a kind of trous
ers, spun and woven by hand. Some of
the less poor men wear also shirts, gen
erally cheap cotton, sent out from Man
chester: Some wear boots. As among
the backward races of the world, the
women's dress is less elaborate. They
very seldom wear boots, and those that
do don't seem to know how to lace them
on. The children are always barefooted,
and some of them are all but naked, even
in the severity of winter, up to ten years
of age..
The family commonly live in a single
small, rude apartment, with their domes
tic animals, mixing pigs, cows, goats,
fowls and children among straw, heath
er, and far less acceptable accumulations.
In one case I saw a single bed for a fam
ily of seven, with only a few rags to cov
er them, and* absolutely nothing to He
upon but a pile of bare heather. There
was no chimney;. the smoke was supposed
to go out through a hole In the roof, but
went out by the door instead, filling the
hut on its way. Those who live with
their beasts are the middle and upper
classes; the lower classes have no beasts
with which to live. A traveler who had
been that way before me tells me he saw
a whole family absolutely naked, but I
saw nothing quite so interesting as that.
mainland, within a mile as the crow flies
across the water. By road, however, the
distance is more than nine miles, and
there is no other way to the school. It
has been several times proposed to build
a viaduct over the sound, but the natives
have always opposed it on the ground
that it might hinder a local industry in
Illicit spirit, which has flourished there
from time immemorial..
Court Seal Rock Is hoping that by the
last day of the current year It will have
increased its membership from 340 to 400,
and to attain that end it has offered
prizes to the three members who before
the close of the year shall bring in the
greatest number of candidates for initia
tion. This court has Its committee at
work making arrangements for the grand
ball that it will give in Native Sons' Hall
on November 2L
THE quarterly social given by
Court Seal Rock, Foresters of
America, on the first Thursday of
the month in its hall in the Pythian Cas
tle was attended by as many as could en
ter the hall. A feature was the presenta
tion of a handsomely framed certificate
and badge to Past Chief Ranger H. Lang
by Grand Recording Secretary Dr.
Charles M. Troppman, who In elo
quent words spoke of the true for
estic spirit displayed Jby the one
selected to receive the nokens of ap
preciation from the court of which he
13 the most popular member. The pre
sentation was followed by dancing until
midnight. A large proportion of the mem
bership of Inter Nos Circle was present
The committee of arrangements was Otto
Johnson, J. Sullivan and E. Cjaldeen.
American Foresters.
I returned lately from that strange re
gion, and I think I have succeeded In learn
ing to pronounce the name accurately. I
will try to translate It lower down, but
must attend to the place Itself first. Prob
ably not one in five thousand London peo
ple has ever heard of it.
It is a populous peninsula, over four
miles long, running from the Atlantic in
land—a strange arrangement for a penin
sula, but not stranger than %)ther facts
connected with Muckanaghederdauhaulla.
The sea comes in on one side by the base
of the peninsula, goes round Its point and
back nearly to the base on the other side,
leaving it connected with the mainland.
That-is how the peninsula comes to run
from the coast toward the Interior.
The inhabitants speak a language which
Is said to be very, ancient, and which is
almost unknown in civilization except
among a few professors on the Continent
and a few of their pupils in the United
Kingdom. Among all the Muckanagheder
dauhaullans, I heard of only two who
could speak any other language, and only
one who could read or write. This was a
child, the only Inhabitant that had ever
been to school. I made extensive inqui
ries about this, assisted by local guides
and by my knowledge of the native lan
guage, but could not find a trace of more
than one inhabitant having been to school.
It is a fact that there Is no school on the
peninsula, although there Is one on the
At the urevious meeting of the lodge
Mrs. M. F. Wallis, the retiring chancel
lor, was, on behalf of the lodge, through
F. H. Jackson, presented a beautiful
jewel of her rank In the order In appre
ciation of the manner in which she ui
rected the affairs of the lodge during her
term of office.
San Francisco Lodge of the same order
1 has arranged for a series cf ten enter
tainments, the first cf whlth was in the
nature of a masquerade ball in Elks' Hall
September 5, and the last to be a lecture
on May 7. 1004, by Dr. E. C. Moore of
the University of California on "The Bet
ter Half." Among those who will enter
tain during the series art: Frona Eunice
Wait-Colburn, John G. Jury, Professor
David Starr Jordan, Howard Malcom
Ticknor, Joaauin Miller and Dr. E. C.
Moore.
DURING the latter part of August
California Lodge of the United
Moderns gave a surprise party to
it chancellor. Fred J. Bonner, on the eve
of his departure for the East. After the
expression of the hope that his trip to its
destination would be a pleasant one and
that he would return to this city -crith
new ideas for the beneflt of the Moderns,
there was a pleasing programme of mu-
Eical and literary numbers and special
ties, followed by the sen-ing of a lunch
eon.
United Moderns.
Ancient People With
a History That Is
Unknown.
SUICIDE LEAVES
A LARGE ESTATE
ODD COMMUNITY
ON IRISH COAST
Irving at first thought of giving up his
purse, but on second thought decided to
use a little strategy, so he threw his
matchbox on the road. As the footpad
stooped to pick up what he thought was a !
purse Irving suddenly darted toward the
path leading to Stanyan street. In his
excitement he came in contact with a
barbed wire fence and sustained a severe
laceration of the left hand. He continued
on his way, however, and meeting Patrol
men Williams and Anderson notified them
of the affair. The officers immediately
returned to the scene and Instituted a
search for the criminal.
Frederick M. Sweet, the man In custody,
was found near the scene and the fact
that he could not give a satisfactory ex
planation of his movements and that a
loaded revolver was found In his posses
sion warranted the officers taking him
into custody. Sweet maintains that he is
not g-ullty and claims that he had been
visiting an acquaintance who resides on
the south side of the park and was on his
way to the cars when arrested.
Inquiry at the boarding-house conduct
ed by Mrs. Friend at 307 California street
i elicited the information that Sweet was
employed there in the capacity of a clerk
1 and has always borne fan excellent repu
tation. Owing to the excitement of the
! situation Irving could not give a clear
! description of the man with the gun, but
will be given an opportunity to-day to
I Identify the suspect.
The hold-up occurred on the bridge on
the south drive directly opposite the
Haight-street entrance to the park while
Irving was on his way to visit Superin
tendent McLaren at the Park Lodge. As
he passed the bridge a man wearing a
white mask and holding in his hand an
ominous looking revolver stepped out from
a clump of bushes and commanded Irving
to deliver his valuables.
Samuel Irving, a well known Insurance
broker residing at 1918 Sutter street, is
the latest victim of the. knight of the
mask and pistol, who has been operating
in Golden Gate Park, and It was due to
his presence of mind that the robber did
not secure anything of value.
The audacious crime took place last
evening shortly after 8 o'clock within a
stone's throw of the Park Police Station,
and a few minutes afterward Frederick
M. Sweet, a clerk employed in a hotel
.conducted by Mrs. Friend at 807 California
street, was taken Into custody.
Clara Rodrigue wants her matrimonial
bonds severed from Aristede Rodrigue
because, ehe alleges, he has deserted her.
Martha Leo wants to be divorced from
Harry T. Leo on account of his alleged
habitual intemperance.
James J. Miller seeks a divorce from
Mary J. Miller, giving as a cause deser
tion.
May F. Stein wants to be released from
ties that bind her to Charles M. Stein
on the ground of extreme cruelty. She
alleges that he has frequently struck her
with his flst and knocked her down and
has used obscene language, too vile to be
set down in her complaint. She wants
the custody of her baby, Charles Stein,
and $25 per month alimony.
Laura G. Smith wants a divorce from
Robert H. Smith on the ground of deser
tion. He left her on September 15, 1899.
and she has not seen him since. She
wants the custody of her two little girls,
Olive and Esther.
Elizabeth Deuress'wants to be freed
from Peter Deuress on the ground of
neglect.
Theresa M. Sorensen wants to be di
vorced from Washington Sayer Sorensen
on the ground vt infidelity.
Judjr» Hebbard yesterday granted Ada
Seawell a divorce from Frank H. Seawell
t>n the ground of drunkenness, wife-beat
ing and general brutality. The testimony
was taken before Commissioner J. T. Ty
ler, and the hearing waa liberal. The
findings show defendant In the light of
a wlfe-b«ater, and on those findings th«
ties of matrimony were severed.
Th« testimony was that from the data
of their wedding. March 3. 1901, th© de
fendant began a fiendish career of chok
ing and beating. He throttled her, struck
her and dragged her upstairs. At Sac
ramento, where they went on visit, he
came home brutally drunk and chased
his bride about with a pistol. At Healds
burg the same experience confronted the
wife. At another time, when they lived
in a boardlngr-house- In San Francisco,
Seawell ran after the woman he had
sworn to protect, brandishing a razor,
and ehe took refuge in the room of a
woman friend, as she was afraid of be
ing killed.
Once when she waa cooking dinner he
came home drunk and struck her, almost
knocking her down. Numerous witnesses
of the different assaults gave testimony on
the subject, and the Judge at once set
her free.
Albert Clrimele wants to be divorced
from Mary Cirimele on grounds of cruelty
and desertion. He alleges that they were
married April 28, 1902, and three weeks
afterwards she commenced to abuse him
in an outrageous manner before his
friends, calling him vile names. He states
that once she brandished a knife and
threatened to kill him and told him. to
pack his things and leave the house for
ever, as she would liot occupy the status
of wife to him any more. He alleges that
in order to further humiliate him she
went to work in a cannery, although he
was able to and did provide bountifully
"for her, even going bo far as to give her
all of his wages, and she now refuses to
admit him to her house and also refuses
to come to him.
Samuel Irving Saves Coin by
Strategy and Suspect
Is Arrested.
Many Others Saek Relief in
the City's Divorce
Courts.
Golden Gate Park Is the
Scene of Another
Daring Holdup.
Mrs. Seawell Finally Set
Free From Brutal
Husband.
KNIGHT OF ROAD
STILL OPERATING
STANDS ABUSE
FOR TWO YEARS
THE SAN FBANCISCO C4LL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1903.
Of the alphabet, the letters most fre
quently used out of every 1000 letters
formed into words In daily use are first
the letter E, which takes the lead, occur
ring 137 times; the next T, running 8S; O,
76; S. 73; I. 71; R, 70; N. 66; H. 63; A, 64;
and L. 40.
name, as written officially, and as I have x
written It here, Is a syllable abort. I
thought of restoring: the lost syllable, but
the name may be long enough without It.
Some years ago a Government official
was sent to these parts to report, and
one of the first questions he asked was.
what Is the people's principal means of
support V "Credit, your Honor," was the
reply. That was years ago. and now the
very poor have not even credit. I know
one family of nine that had absolutely
nothing but twenty stones of very bad po
tatoes to live on from January to July •
English is the official language for agita
tion, and these people, knowing no Eng
lish, remain unnoticed by the agitator
and the Government alike, while all kinds
of v "remedial measures" aro undertaken
for those who are immeasurably less •
poor, but who know enough English to
agitate in other parts of the country
There Is a grea^ multitude of these pa
thetic wretches, and now It Is assumed
that they will be made happy by becom
ing the owners of their granite farms. It
can but make them owners of permanent
misery, more confirmed in all their squal
or. This applies not merely to Jluckan
aghederdauhaulla. but to fully one-fourth
of all the agricultural tenants In Ireland,
who constitute the real "land problem,"
and whose case can no more be settled
by this bill than if they lived among the
Ice packs of the Antarctic. — London Pall
Mall Gazette.
23
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
CURES WEAK MEN FREE.
Insures Love and a Happy Home for
All.
How any man may quickly cure himself after
years of suffering from sexual weakness, lost
vitality, night losses, varlcocele. etc.. and en-
large small weak organs to full size and vigor
Simply fend your name and address to Dr*
Kr.app Medical Co.. 1510 Hull building, Detroit
Mich., and they will gladly send free receipt
with full directions so that any man may easily
cure himself at homov This Is certainly a most
generous offer, and the following extracts
taken from their dally mall s£ow what men
think of their generosity:
"Dear Sirs — Please accept my sincere thanks
for yours of recent date. I have given your
treatment a thorough test and the benefit has
been extraordinary. It has completely braced
me up. I am just as vigorous as when -a boy
and you cannot realize how happy I am."
"Dear Sirs — Your method worked beautifully
Ilesults were exactly what I needed. Strength
and vigor have completely returned and en-
largement is entirely, satisfactory."
"Dear Sirs — Yours was received and I had no
trouble in making use of the receipt as direct-
ed, and can truthfully say it Is a boon to weak
men. I am greatly Improved In size, strength
and vigor." • .
All correspondence Is strictly confidential,
mailed in plain, sealed envelope. The receipt
is free for the asking and they want •.very
aaa to have It. '
ICZW ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE MICROSCOPE
Proves That Parasites Cause Hair
Loss.
Xlne-tenths of the diseases of the scalp
and hair are caused by parasitic germs.
The importance of the discovery by Pro-
fessor L'nna of the Charity Hospital,
Hamburg, Germany, cannot be overesti-
mated. Jt explains why ordinary hair
preparations, even of the most expensive
character, fail to cure dandruff; because
they do not and they cannot kill tho
dandruff germ. The only hair preparation
in the world that positively destroys the
dandruff parasites that burrow up the
scalp Into scales called scurf or dandruff.
Is Ncwbro's Hcrpicide. In addition to ita
<jo-*troying' the dandruff germ HerpJclde
is 3 '.so a df-llgrhtful hair dressing. Sold by
l^dir.g drugpists. Send 10c in stamps for
cample to The Herpicide Co., Detroit,
Mich.
f£ Headachy
No heart depressant or narcotic, but a
brqin dearer und itomach tetller; it brings
the liver a.;jd bowels into bealtby action.
Vied lv American Pftvnctant nearly «0 veart.
coe. a b« S 1 . at D ro zz>. tt « er by mall from
1WZ TARRAfTT CO.. 21 iiy Street. New York
Why don't your grocer
moneyback everything else as
Schilling's Best?
Because everything else isn'f
like Schilling's Best.
SB. PIEHCE'S REMEDIES.
He Price of Pleasure.
It is hard for a lovely woman to forego
the pleasures of the life which she was
created to enjoy and adorn. She may
have to be busy all day in office or in
store, yet she cannot deny herself the
eocial pleasures which are offered her.
i£j But the fatigue is
C7 "*»! often too great for
-^y her, and she suf-
*u^yi " • f ers from headache
- >^~V-^" an< * backache as a
S ~\ «^**^v*# consequence of
7^'/M/| \ /^ over-exertion.
S_ /. 'r-dP' Women who are
r^TfcJja^Si 1 tired and worn out
'c^NHgifcrfS will find a perfect
r^i Jm88p~bL~ \ * OI " C aQ d. nervine
fllffifreifflS \ v °nte Prescription.
J[|g|yP§|[3£''j It cures headache,
¦j^WggfjaggjI/ backache and the
ispifijta-lj^ffv) other aches and
fl vSraSkVa ening drains, heals
&Av&tamitfFlB ' inflammation and
1Hmm9 > cures female weak-
ness. It makes weak
TljBflBrgJSS^fc women strong and
to give you for
writes Mrs Mllo Bry-
ant, of I^ota, Thomas
ealss in my back and the lower part of my
stomach and palpitation of the heart, that at
times I could hardly lie down. Could hardly
' get up in the morning, but after using: three
bottles of ' Favorite Prescription ' and two vials
of Dr. Pierce' 8 Pleasant relicts, I am like anew
woman." •. .
Sick women, especially those suffering
from diseases of long standing, are in*
vited to consult Dr. Pierce, by letter,,/>w.
; All correspondence is held as strictly pri-
vate and< sacredly confidential. Adareaa
•Dr. R. V. Pierce. Buffalo, N. Y. ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Special Sales
How We Conduct Them
* o AHERE is scarcely a week in the year but
A what we have a special sale in some
department.
For these occasions goods arc actually reduced
from their regular selling prices. Sometimes
this reduction is considerable — in fact we
almost sell the goods at cost. Sometimes the
goods are odds and ends and then again they
arc new goods. In the former case we wish to
sell out the goods and of course draw trade.
When new goods are reduced our main object
is to bring in customers.
If a man comes in for a shirt or necktie at a
special price he may buy a hat, some under-
wear or even a suit or overcoat.
Our reductions are always genuine. Further-
more, merchandise in good condition can
always be returned.
Sometimes you sec a statement in our adver-
tisement to the effect that the goods arc sold
at such and such prices in other stores. While
our price b considerably less than that of other
dealers, we can prove the facts of the case by
the merit of our merchandise.
This is the store where you get -value and
satisfaction wrapped up in the same package,
Watch our special sales.
If you reside outside San Francisco write
for our 6fj>age catalogue.
740 Market Street
« ADVERTISEMENTS. . ; ? : .-
NERVOUS, DYSPEPTIC WOMEN
Made Well and Strong by Pe=ru=na.
Diseased Nerves Are Directly Traceable to Poor "v^?o"S'~~~ : -*^
Digestion— Poor Digestion Is Directly • >ov<-^
Traceable to Catarrh.- C^mTCm T^
MM^nd^w? s w«Sf? IANKi " mit6 "Since Early Womanhood I Was Fretful, Nervous and Irrl-
jhe Peruna Medicine Co., Co- table— Peruna Made Me Well."
lumbus, Ohio: - ._ -^ -_-_-_ -,_ -,_ t^^-^^^v^.
"I have been afflicted since Child- ( Forty^sixth street. N. T.. writes: s '
hood with a most unpleasant catarrh } "Peruna has changed me from a fretful, irritable, nervous '
of the head. Nothing I did seemed to \ woman ; nto d healthy and a happy one. Nothing seems to worry '
cure me, and when I caught a cold my ( . , . #»• , • . , a j _h. \
troubles increased. While visiting a and frei me an * more ' Swce ear/ ' » omanhood ' •**•"* ™* \
friend I learned the real value of Pe- \ bearing-down pains and nervousness. I was thin and worried, but (
runa. I had often heard it "praised, ) Peruna restored me. Those who knew me before cannot under- i
but never paid serious attention to it. ) stand the change, but I can sum it up in the blessed word, Peruna."— \
My friend, however, had been cured ) HaWe Grace. \
of catarrh by Peruna, and I decided A>^-> > _^v^^-^--^->-^---^->_-'>^-^^^--^^
to use it faithfully and await results. frequently the cauge of this condition, runa has cured more cases of nervous-
I am glad to Say that my greatest ex- Every mucous membrane in the body is ness than any other medioine In exis-
n *~*~*, n m« „,*** ..«/;,.j __J / ,„_. slightly deranged by systemic catarrh, tence. simply because it cures the con-
pectations were realized ana I was Thls i ea d 3 to a complete demoralization ditions upon which nervousness de-
Surpn'sed to find how readily I was ot tne digestive and assimilative organs, pend. v
j j i j-/ imjjl' and a bloodless condition of the nerve, a L«tt«r Tron a it 8 Smnm.tar'm urttm
Cured and how speedily. Within a centers ensues. Nervousness is the re- „ -, „ / Be f**°*' B Wlx# -
mnnfh nil th* nntnnnh w/rc nut nf mv suit; fretfulness. irritability, worry, Mrs. Verona E. Roach, wife of the late
month all the Catarrh was OUt Ot my C o mp iainlng— all of these mental condi- Senator Roach of North Dakota, writes
System and I have not been troubled tlons result from starved nerve centers, irom LArlmore. r». £>.:
a particle , ince. I do recommend ..SVSUttoS ft WSSS^S: JpilS? r?ml$%,£Si mm ?SS,«S'' 1 i
Peruna for catarrn."-M» Netti. »' K?unl l3 lhe r . meay that wln a<> thl3 . SK^'nT. fgUffiS&SL £
niemann. . Peruna is not a nervine nor a quieting Jtoacn.
Catarrh of the head is liable to spread medicine. Peruna cures Juet the condl- If you do not derive prompt and gatis-
to other organs. It is the direct cause tion — catarrh. factory results from the use of Peruna.
of many severe stomach derangements. Peruna cures , catarrh of the internal write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
Catarrh of the stomach and nervousness organs, and the nervousness disappears. full , statement of your case* and he will
go hand in hand. • The more nervines one takes for ner- be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
Nervousness is a vague term which vousness the more nervous he is. There vice gratis.
covers all of those aliments which re- is always a cause for nervousness. This Address Dr. Hartman, President of
suit from a bloodless condition of the cause should be discovered ¦ and reme- The Hartman Sanitarium. Columbns
nerve centers. Systemic catarrh is very died. Nervines are unnecessary. Pe- Ohio.
. . A TW K K.TTR V\ M HT^Tfi,
1
'^S^RIDDLE CONTEST
J$^Sjg£| No Ptuufeue Conditions. Everyone Eligible. Free to all.
fflwfflgtfffe I A contest full of interest and entertainment for I
gllllpSr j ¦ all ages and tastes. An evening's fun I
\«gSllg§| I POR RULES OP CONTEST ADDRESS, 1
raSp|^P||l 1 36 Geary Street, San PrancUco I
mailed free anywhere IHAMILTON, ' Mont., Sept. ,12.— Judge
Webster, this afternoon sentenced Wal
ter Jackson, convicted of the of
six-year-old ' Fonnle ' Buck, •. near, Stevens
vilie, tobe hanged October 13. " Jackson
received the sentence .with atolid indif
ference. ' - - > -
Child's Murderer to Be Hanged.
DENNIS, la., Sept. 12.— Jerry B. Sulli
van, the Democratic candidate for Gov
ernor, was greeted by a good sized crowd
here this afternoon, when he delivered his
first formal address of the campaign. The
address had been carefully prepared and
dealt almost entirely with the tariff and
trust questions. Governor Cummins was
taken severely to task for not standing
by his former attitude on the tariff ques
tion.
Iowa Democratic Bally.
DES MOINES, Iowa, Sept. 12.— Captain
E. P. Ely, in charge of the recruiting sta
tion here, has been instructed by the War
Department to disregard previous orders
curtailing enlistments and to recruit men
as rapidly as possible for immediate ser
vice. It Is said there Is the greatest need
of men for infantry service ln t&e tropics
and that the need of prompt action is lm-
American Train Robbers Convicted.
EL PASO, Tex., Sept. 12— Three Ameri
cans, who robbed the Mexican Central
train and Wells Fargo Express Company
at Bermejillo, Durango, July 23, 1902, have
all been sentenced at Maolmi, ln that
state, to fifteen years' Imprisonment and
fined $1000 each. The men are William
West alias Ingram, Lee Smith alias Whu
taker, and James Paris. They took from
tha Wells Fargo Company $52,500, and all
but $10,000 has been recovered.
Recruiting Officers Are Ordered to
Disregard Previous Rules Cur
• tailing Enlistment.
SOLDIERS ABE NEEDED
FOR SERVICE IN TROPICS
CLAY CENTER, Kans.. Sept. 12.— Last
night two unknown highwaymen at
tempted to secure money from several
persons. A party of four resisted and
"Dad" Stevens, J. W. Houseman, Night
Watchman Bush and Louis Behrtnda
were shot by the bandits and se
verely wounded. Behrlnds was hit
In the head and is not expected
to live. The bandits got no money al
though their victims had conslderabls
cash and Jewelry in their possession. The
highwaymen escaped west.
Resist Bandits and Are Shot.
. "The trials,- that have eo far been con
ducted with partisan Juries and perjured
testimony, leave justice unsatisfied. No
such travesties can fool the public, and
again they demand that the facts, which
they have reason ,„ to . believe are being
concealed for, political purposes and which
are vital to the truth In this case, be di
vulged." ¦ -,'. > '¦ • v • • '
"Mr. Beckham has asked me if, in the
event of j my election, I would pardon
Howard and Powers, or either of them.
I answer in the words of Lord Cofce:
'When the case happens. I shall do that
which shall be 'for a Judge to do.'." "
•Turning to the trials of the alleged as
sassins of Goebel, Colonel Belknap 'de
clared: • , — -..
one, although conspicuously Incomplete.
Still It shows that at least 1125 convicts
have been set free ln eleven yeara. Those
paroled, and not counted would easily
carry the number to 1200.
BELKNAP OPENS
HIS CAMPAIGN
Convention of Metroes.
NEW YORK. Sept. 12.— A call has been
isued to American negroes for a conven
tion to be held in Brooklyn on October 11
and 12, "for the purpose of organizing a
permanent national organization which
•will- provide tor the uplifting- of the negro
race along aD lines." The promoter of
the new echemve for advancing the race is
a colored man -who served as a. lieutenant
of volunteers ln the war with Spain.
Westlake Not Murdered.
DENVER, Sept. 12.— The autopsy per
formed on the' body of J. W.'Westlake,
late superintendent of the Big Kanawha
Leasing Company's mines at Creede/ at
the request of hla sister, Mrs. Carrie
Westlake Whitney, of Kansas 'City, who
suspected that he had been 'murdered,
furnished positive proof that heart dls-
ease was the cause of his death. -Mrs.
Whitney had- been very sick at the "Al
bany Hotel in thbr city since the death of
her brother, but is now said to be-Improv
ing.
Head of Kentucky's Re
publican Ticket
Speaks.
DENVER, Sept. 12.— A special to the
Republican from Boulder, Colo., says a
distinct earthquake shock was felt at that
place to-day. It was felt also at other
points in the vicinity. This is the second
shock felt ln that locality this week.
Colorado Feels Earthquake.
Sirs. Georgie S. Hatcher Dead.
CHICAGO, Sept. 12.— Mrs. Georgie S.
Hatcher of Washington, " D." C, corre
sponding secretary of the Daughters of
the American Revolution, Is dead in this
city: She had been here for four months.'
etoppiner here on her way home from Ari
zona, whither she had gone in search of
health.
MTJMFORDVILLE, Ky., Sept. 12.— In
the presence of several' thousand persons
the Republican .State campaign was
opened here to-day by Colonel Morris B.
Belknap, candidate for Governor. The
party leaders were ' ln \ attendance, | artd
other candidates on the State ticket, deliW
ered short addresses. Special trains
brought large crowds from nearby, cities.
Colonel Belknap' s speech dealt main]]
with the pardon record of Governor Beck
ham, which, he asserted, .was''largely-re
sponsible for the lawless conditions pre
vailing in Breathltt and other counties
He said ln part:
"The dramatic and tragic panorama o:
political events ln our State for. foui
years yis one from which we lnstlnctlvelj
turn away. It is heavy tragedy, with th<
slime of untruth clinging to its garments
Repulsive and reeking with the foul at
mosphere of dungeons, It displays a bodj
prostituted to perjury and fraud."
Referring to one of the more noted ol
the Breathltt County pardons, Colonel
Belknap said:
"Perhaps Raleigh was Innocent of hav
ing voted any other than the Democratic
ticket. Raleigh was the man convicted
of killing a little girl in Breathitt County,
It was he who waa pardoned by Mr.
Beckham. Your Governor by pardoning
this miscreant has shown that he thinks
the brute who would 'Improperly accost
your daughters and then shoot them llkt
dogs was fit after a few years' punish
ment to enjoy the full privilege of citizen,
ship.
"The table of pardons granted during
the last three administrations and ! sub
mitted to the public by the Governor lr
defense of his record is an interesting
It Is pointed out, however, that the
price of steel on the Continent is kept
extraordinarily low, which would facil
itate the. efforts to effect a combino,
though it Is doubted whether the vastly
differing Interests and methods of the va
rious countries concerned could ever "be
united under one organization.'
LONDON, Sept. 12.— Inquiry made at
the European offices of the United States
Steel Corporation to-day revealed the
fact that no serious importance is at
tached to the statement mn.de by the
Brussels correspondent of the London
Dally Telegraph that negotiations are ln
progress favorably between representa
tives of the large steel companies In Ger
many, Belgium and France for the forma
tion .of a European steel corporation. The
Associated Press is informed that, so far
as known, the Continental manufacturers
are no nearer a combination than when
the Idea was first mentioned a year ago.
Steel Corporation Officials Do Not At
tach Importance to Report
From Brussels.
TRUST DOESgNOT FEAE
EUROPEAN" COMBINATION
OYSTER BAT. N. T.. Sept. 12.-After
mature consideration and consultation in
person and by mall with members of both
the Senate and the House of Representa
tives, President Roosevelt had abandoned
the suggestion that Congress be called in
extraordinary session in October. The
extraordinary session which he announc
ed many months ago would be held this
fall will be called, according to present
plans, to meet on November 9.
Notwithstanding the fact that the sug
gestion of an October session of Con
gress cam* from persons who advocated
Its adoption, th,e suggestion waa not re
ceived with favor by members of Con
gress generally. The Idea of an October
session was opposed because it would
oblige Senators and Representatives to
leave their States and districts In the
midst of a campaign which to many of
them and to their party was of vital
Importance.
No agreement has yet been reached as
to the character of the financial legisla
tion which will be enacted at the ne*T
session. It is not certain that an agree
ment can be reached between the two
branches of Congress whereby any special
legislation can be enacted.
Protection, will be. furnished by armor
consisting of the water line belt. .Above
this for a length of 200 feet the armor
will be five inches, of uniform thickness,
extending from the top of the water line
deck to the main deck. Transverse armor
bulkheads, casemate armor and barbettes
make up the other protective features of
the vessel. The engines will be of the
triple expansion type.
The Maryland is a sister ship to the
Pennsylvania, Virginia, Colorado, Califor
nia and South Dakota.
NEWPORT NEWS, Va., Sept 12.— The
launching of the new 15.000-ton armored
cruiser Maryland was attended by a mis
hap which delayed the plunge more than
half an hour. An Imperfection in the
structural work under the vesel caused
the cruiser to sink into -the mud as she
slid down the ways. Later she was suc
cessfully floated uninjured. Miss Jennie
Scott Waters of Baltimore christened the
new warship. Among the guests at the
launching were prominent naval ani
State officials. . : ; - , ;
The cruiser Maryland Is 502. feet on load
water line; extreme breadth, 63 feet 6^4
Inches; trial displacement, 13,850 tons;
mean draught at trial, *24 feet 1 Inch.
The Maryland's armament will consist
of four eight-Inch guns mounted In pairs
ln two electrically controlled elllptically
balanced turrets, one forward and one
aft. on the main deck; four six-Inch guns;
on the gun deck a main broadside battery
often six-Inch guns, five on each side. On
the main deck forward and aft will also
be located the eighteen four-Inch guns of
the secondary battery.- The secondary
battery also will consist of twelve three
pounders, eight one-pounder?, two three
inch rapid-firing guns, two machine guns
and six automatic guns of smaller caliber
motinted ln commanding positions and on
the military tops.
Cruiser Maryland Slides
Into the Water* at
Newport News.
President Decides to
Await the Autumn
Elections.
EXTRA SESSION
FOR NOVEMBER
SLIGHT MISHAP
DELAYS LAUNCH
BRIDGEPORT, Conn., Sept 12.— In the
United States District Court to-day D. E.
Lowe & Co. of Danbury, hat manufac
turers, Instituted suits against the na
tional officers of the- American Federa
tion of Labor, the national officers of the
United Hatters of North America and
against 260 members of these organiza
tions, residents of Danbury, who were
formerly in the employ of the plaintiffs.
The plaintiffs allege that because they
refused to employ only union labor in
their factories upon demand of the -union
in 1901, their goods were boycotted, both
in the United States and in Canada, and
ln 1902 the union 1 men employed by the
plaintiffs were called out on strike. Dam
ages of $240,000 are asked for under the
Sherman anti-trust law.
Hat Manufacturers Begin Action
Against the Federation.
SUE tTNION FOR DAMAGES.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Sept. 12.-Presl
dent John Mitchell of the United Mine
Workers of America, having failed injiia
efforts to induce the striking: coal miners
at Novlnger, Mo., to return to work, can
do nothing further toward settling the
differences among the union miners of the
district until action has been taken by th»
miners' convention, which will meet her*,
to-morrow. There will be about 100 del*.
gates In- attendance from different parts
of the State. • There are 6500 union miners
ln Missouri, In fifty-seven local unions,
and all will be represented.
It te President Mitchell's plan. It is said,
to have the convention tell the men offi
cially to go back to work -and follow that
action, If necessary, by the extreme ac
tion of forfeiture of charter. President
Mitchell knows that If the agreement is
not upheld another will never be secured,
and the effect on unionism, not only to
Missouri, but in the wholo United States,
not only among miners but among all
other craftsmen, will be disastrous.
Mitchell Will Compel Missouri
Miners to Keep Agreement.
MAY FOBFEIT CHAHTEBS.
Sherman Parker, a member' of the
executive committee of District Union-
No. 1, was taken from his home at Inde
pendence this mornlngr by Lieutenant Mc-
Clelland and a detail of cavalry, who
conducted him to the camp and placed
him under guard. At the military head
quarters no statement would be given
out as to the cause of his arrest beyond
the significant remark that he was ar
rested after a meting held by; the strik
ers in Altraan last night. Several strikers
are- now Imprisoned ln the military
guardhouse and no charges have yet been
preferred against them.
TEL.LURIDE, Colo., Sept. 12.— The town
was quiet to-day. Forty tickets were
eold to-day to outgoing miners. The
exodus is now believed to be practically
over. The Smuggler-Union mill is still
running, but will, it Is said, clean up and
close on Monday. All three of the Ophir
properties are still operating mines and
mills.
It- was announced to-day that 550 men
are now at work in the various mines
which have resumed operations. It is
stated that a number of properties will
resume operations early next week. They
Include the Anchoria-Leland, the Conun
drum, the Vindicator, the Christman and
the Granite. • -
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo..- Sept., 12.— G.
C. Hamlin, uecretary of the Mine Own
ers' Association, to-day denied the rumor
that conferences had been held between
the officials of the association and the
Western Federation of Miners. He de
clared that no such meetings had been or
would be held.
Claim a Number of Cripple
Creek Properties Will
Resume Work.
Colorado Mine Owners
Deny Rumors of a
Compromise.
WILL NOT DEAL
WITH FEDERATION
• - ¦ . *
THE \SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13. 1903.
24
THE DOCTORS WHO CURE
SAN FRANCISCO'S LEADING PHYSICIANS and EXPERT SPECIALISTS
S WE TREAT AND CURE
OUB MOTTO: A low f»«,9 it&S^Z&St*.
g^ck^cure, mild and palnU.s l A^^^\
"o^sultktion ta person or £
by letter free to aU. call oi ©V
Dr. A J. Shores. A ' / ** ITV^JM
HOME CURES BY MAIL° K.
expert advice and treatment at home. Their ne w sraa'nm £i * ¦
covers every symptom of disease which enables them tL *i ™* r^rJ^Dy'j/
your case and tell you what your trouble U. wh it can L ,^5" /j-tr^f/^
you, and what the cost of a cure will be. Write I? von ? tor jCJ-rMrJ/^
call for their new symptom list and take advan taee o' th. £S™ '*r^j$&tI2'
WEAK MEN PAY WHEN^CURED
voluntary testimonials from home people. FEE until we cur. »«., V? ot de maod a
Private; OUea^ E">^««-H^ **
Becau~ It would betray confidence. Henc m%? P ° lSOa 4nd OU »
prs. Shores S. Shores. Expert Specialist j»T 1£S «,"*
" —il11 !^ 1^^"aPrancisco^ Cal.
. :. v i ;¦;. ' : ;'~ _ ADVERTISEMENTS. . ¦ /,
1 A SAL5 OF ; COUNTRY ORDEIli RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. ' GREAT
I Fleece F!a.nn el ctte $T j^ffi ' * « ¦ |Ajpi handkerchief w$\
fi with ji'-v-in and Persian stripes, flgur«3 &£*^^ . L ] /lB I 1 9 'lj_ \mrr-rmt^^' Imported direct ."from f-f
II ar.tl flots. At this iirico this material of- 1m W^Bg *Tfl \*« &J1 fffi^ifl^*^ N»\^ Ireland. On Bale rf Bf
IA ins a f-plcndid \a'.ui'. Monday and Tues- nf** ¦ raam " . . >#r Monday as a special \^Jjr
I NEW FALL DRESS GOODS* — GREAT sales planned for this week
I 51"^^^ w^' be the great dress goods week, for we have made preparations for the swiftest of selling in this department, " and offer the
J Yi'v Inost tempting 'inducements in the way of grand values.
J c1-"k:5 Our new fall line is pre-eminently "lip to the present requirements of Dame Fashion, and represents every innovation and effect
r desirable for Pall Gowns The newest and most popular materials are shown here in profusion, and we have never been able tp show so
j many new things at such an early date before Here you will find the very latest fall weaves — Plain and Fancy Zibelines, Scotch Tweed
I. Mixtures. Basket Weaves in Panama Cloth, Etamines, and a grand assortment of Priestley's Black Goods — Priestley is the world's foremost
f maker of black goods; further comment is unnecessary Every yard of goods in this department is stamped by fashion's approval and
i backed by unquestioned merit.... We want you to see what efforts we have put forth this season to procure the best that -is produced in
[ dress fabrics, and for Monday and Tuesday will offer in sale these grand values: ;
50 inch Wool Zibeline, 50 inch All-wool Panama Cloth 52-Inch Black Broadcloth, THE LINING SPECIALS.
I $100 quality— splendid weight 7 = c Jl.CO quality— an entirely <J?| f\(\ 51.50 quaJity— all wool, Eng- C1 fkfiS 36-Inch Mercerized Sateen,
I material - thoroughly ehrunk »«^ new weave-very popular <M»tlU ij s h manufacture-fast Lon- Ol»UO R e ™i»rlvfflpV«nl«n no!, «,rl
I und ppon^ed— all the new fall shadings- for suits-thoroughly shrunk and ready don dye— extra heavy weight, well rti?!,wf Z a ?*, .-«„*?«•££" "uC VQi
|| excellent for tailor made suits. for use-all the new fall colors and adapted-for suits and coats-panne fin- l\ iinini-comes in all" the new fall
N 46-Inch London Twine Etamine 2*. .„ , o . . T -, Ish " o . ¦ „, ,. , ' 8hadC3 « alBO wack.
m ti.w quanty-coaree open c ¦ nn 54in. All-wool Scotch Tweeds, 52inch Black Venetian, 36-inch "Sunbeam silk,"
J mesh material— colors of tj>»»vrvr $2.00 quality— elegant ex- Q| «f| J2.25 quality— all wool— ele- «J>1 Jtps Regularly 15c— highly fin- \\r *Tt\
S r.avA-. new blue, tan, castor, golden tra heavy material— all the O1»UU gantly finished French ma- tpl'TrO lshed lining with glossy »*V/ J"J.
j brown, gray and black— the latest eta- new mixed effects are represented— the lerial— rich 'lustrous black— extra heavy effect— specially adapted for drop skirt—
i tr - lne p ff cct - swellest material for tailored suits. weight— a very fashionable fabric. nil the leading shades and black.
I An €itra Value — Redfern Zibeline, Superb Special: Priestley's Black Etamine All-wool Black Voile Etamine, A Great Offering— Black Zibeline, -
i J1.B9 quality— £2 Inches wide QO r $1.25 quality— London twine— Qe r JL75 quality— 48 Inches wide C*f OK $1.25 quality— (6 Inches wide— QQr»
3 —all wool-entirely new weave *^^^ coarse open mesh— made by vOt —light weight material' that «J>1»^O all woo i_ €xtra heavv aatln fin- oov^
r^rw^a.^r^^r.sr'S iss^-s^-ss^^s^ffs: ssgrass^-ffifAstfi 1 !: ¦» «• ••«-* w « ckI '" ta H-, m r
m of the new season— hea\ j weight— all tumes this is i-e most popular black superior finish— extensively used for euIts and coats this ia a most desirable
H the latest ehadlngs in rich mixed effects material in use— regular $1.25 quality— street wear— this $1.75 quality offered fabric, as It is one of the season's best
§3 — well wprth $1.50— the special price 9Sc. epeclal at S5c. special for $1.25. weaves— the $1.25 quality offered for 88c.
I Interesting Offerings in the Suit Department. ?SSi§p
b T^ayVERY daj- brings new installments to the Suit Department Judging from the enthusiastic praise of all visitors, you are sure to be
(I fi^Z Eu r P r j se <i an d delighted with the Stylish New Dress and Walking Suits Although there is a decided leaning to the long coat style
{'¦ i"^/1 of suit this season, many of the new suits are made in the blouse style, and are equally as popular and modish We take a pride in
P our Suit Department, for it weekly gains for this store many new and stanch friends, and while the season has scarcely begun remarkable
I] activity has been shown here— accounted for by the styles and prices This week's offerings should be full of interest for you, for where can
I 1 you find better values than these?
New Arrivals— Fall Suits, 1 Cll u t .,. IOT c .. c .- .
1 TWre™t h S32.5O-TWO styles-the *~ ft . L. » 1 £™* J £££ T^n^
I new 30-inch blouses with capes in an as- \^ JjH J^ar^m ilT^TV .„ $5.50 PCaU de CygHC WaiStS, <£O.95
• (I tures. After October 1 cults like these will readily sell y» '^ S^g*i&Sf/J 5?IY* 1 ?i S t foreign designs To make your
IJ -Vri- * > "^ l _rir ,,1,-irw mi« n-i,-f> 1s *5*»-; <i(V > *#fi' '¦' - bJ — *5s^r visit of interest we will sell, as a leading special, a
H -ior $C2.jO-our a.a\ance sale price Is «-5.«W "^>$£? M^T^ Jot of new waists, which have just been unpacked.
N j I^^^Sw^ ' They are in colors of black and white, made of
H Extra Long EffCCtS — SuitS, j^^W^^^. heavy, lustroua Peau de Cygne, pleated and trim-
h| f^StfE-'iFt^^^ /?^Ht«? H ASQ^5 ( jfH med with braid, and all have the latest full sleeves.
\i Should be priced 840-Two styles-the new £9^ rn f^ifli^lv^S^'y /Viw%!^rrSiK Tne slzcs aro 32 " 44 - Tnls is a sreat waist offer, as
13 extra loner fitted coats— pleated or plain— Tk^/ Til t?CiS^ : '* 1 G»£vv"S^ // / nm&SAislsJtfVoiX these garments would be grand value at $5.50. Mon-
\i the late blouse effects-mat^ long with loose w " #t;w /// 1'f MvPr^\*\\ day's sale price ,SI$.?>5
\i fronts ar.d fltte-d backs. T^.csp suits come in new pat- lEKt ¦^ : v3j7 V^v^Sr // II i I-LU Vl\ "
(I terns .cf imported Hootch tweeds— numerous colorings— / \S&£ i 'i^'lf /&iffl II Ah' 1 ' iPa \ \ \ \BW CrGDB dC ChillP DfPSSPS
H vo'nr. or 140— our ',^-iri-c «;ain nrire «•?«? "<k I -^S^t /Ss?'^l \\ I f?*j3 /f/^k J ferting In the latest effects— the skirts are a mass of
n *a-e at Ji^-our advance sale price *?.{-. .iO > ¦ .. /»?& jL^Mlf^G^ ?} Pleats, circular or lengthwise, and trimmed with op«n-
D j !l 5vsShStfflSvr\ / // Jr XAv&XVdNuJ/rZe?' / wor k stitching. They como in colors of white, ecru, lav-
B ' ImnnrfPfl \nvPltfPS — ExnJnslvP StvlPS ' L I ff \ '\S$&tp7Y?\.J^~ S ender, gray, blue and black. They are the handsomest
fc imporiea .-\O\eilieb CXCiUSIve ai\ICS, Vi« M^^lV V L /l\M\\\V\P£— — - costumes, similarly priced, shown in San Francisco.
AU are worth S45-Etons and Blouses- &**- fa ffA^^t-^^^V^/^uUuvAr''' Prices # 55 ' * (J5> S7r> - * y7 >
with- Ions detachable skirts ard deep shoulder \\l 1 wn%^N^I wffl Ml Npu> <\fvlp«i Tlrocc
! capeo-also loiLe fitted coats- They come ln «?«••«« 3Sffiffi^)SSpWaJ7 iJ \ \\ Wi , " Z™, A T y t. /. ? KirtS iv ;-'-
' both -dress and street styles— the ekirts are all in the F 1 f^l\ ' \t,\\I • Etamines. cheviots and broadcloths-made in the- latest
latest and most exclusive styles, as these suits were - tt FSfflropW^ES^ I \\ "» effects with newest trimmings. Priced .. 87. 5O to 835
made after Imported Paris models. They come Jn a va- FK i§?feSB5CT**^l V \\ \'CW StVlCS WdlRifi£ SklftS
r'ctv of th<* now* irjxrd materials and riTiporte<3 zibelines f\*^S^^T^v!^S5^V( ' \ fiti-^^A ?,,.«,.^o i n „„,.. nn i n _i nnn «i«_ i^i i. _u_..i_i. » j
< tn o iit« o C cnr i "o"t nf rr>'nrirps v, lt „.„ nf ,(,„,.¦ SJZ^tuSiic^-r^S^Si V Mixed tweeds in new colorings— also black cheviot and
nlto wouldTe "5?h?riSfd at^°$ r 4^ur prke^. .837 50 *^^^^^^. ;
IThp Final Offprint— wash Snit«i I I A Suparior Special— New Waists,
ine rinai Urrenng ivasn ailllS, Good value at S2.50-We want you to see e« AC
E*tnilarlv priced S5.5O to S7.5O-^ e O 95 T^^r^^t®^YV^^^^5^ tne new st >' les shown in our waist depart- \\ U*1
' u J . tL w^t ¦?£?'*« ' hich *Z cleared **• fJ : Mffiftm^WA^^^O^^S, ment. and as an inducement for your visit, we «P*«/«
rut <*.'jr!np th« iifit two days. They ere ma-ie of cheviot.. l//&r?$"^^0pd^^:^O?i^^Sa/ will kpII to-morrow Tnd Tursdav now r-hpvlnt wqtctq
ricrham ar.d cha.rr.bray; tucked. cUtched and' trimmed with' fn nolk-i dot effect Se wfth L* nleatrLnd
band, ar.a pearl buttoni. They represent the last purcha B e. t?lmmed w^th oearl buttons AU ?rp tiflS? S
•ne rr.ade ianrg the Etascn. ar,J art In the l^t rtvios Re K - g" /^j-^.r^^* ! *^*-^ 7 *S- T trimmea »un pearl DUttons. All are ta "° r made
d?Zj?B°* * 5 *° " 7 -™- y ° Ur fc — tunIt - *%Z'k |?e d en ha wi1h fa w^te 8t dot k s 8 - Th^y M^lZl two
. .¦':¦.' ¦ \ *" ' - ' days' price • 8t.f>f>
AN ECONOMY-PROMOTING SALE OF HOUSE=FURNISHINGS.
TABLE LINENS, NAPKINS, TOWELS, BLANKETS, COMFORTERS, BEDSPREADS, SHEETS and PILLOW CASES
-- H Offered in Many Ins ances Below Present Wholesale Values.
• thl-S^n^e^ouwh^d'^pa^enf fn^v^u-u? h 0U8?lt *?*"? th ' 9 *"*? f0^ m H ch '"» »«»«y lhan may be ponlbl* later in th* year. .Thta. «aie is planned toif'force *- '.
Sil fthey ar» the Sne rel'abK^°ake. ihft'w? L.i 7 1 " 6 .° EXIT 0 * a "l n . Uo ? to f uture wants and accordingly. A«to the quality of the goods offered" we will eay
bv somr^th. l«.r^f l"sututlow i£& cnL» « hcl f ed r , u f, , In buil<1In » "P^thi. department until it is one of the leading of its kind ln the city, being extensively patronized
by some of ta« largest institutions aaa corporation* In California. Your chance to buy household soods economically Is right now. , i • '
All-Linen Table Damask, Double Thread Bath Towels, Extra Cal. White Wool Blanket, French Cambric Comforters,
TUkuUltIj 78c;. «tr» qualltr; rZfkr' Regularly 35c each; extra heavy; Qilr* Regularly $7.50; finest grade Cr= fid t»a*.iUMv M- nnmmn , tn n !r._
fcleached or unbleached; »ood a*- OUC bleached or unbleached; 1% yards £** C selected California white wool; OO.UU ..^/^p 3 .*, 3 ' *SX™ ", § . £l 82. 2S
wrtment of pattemB; will giv. euperior eer- long; 24 lnche. wide. very soft and fleecy finish; colored borders Fr?n- h ln c : m bJf c n covered' cotton «ati«»u
vice; u a treat value. Extra Heavy Linen Towels, . "d «tra wW. binding. F^rench^mbric covered, cotton antisepti-
Satia Damask Table Linen, m*^^ 1^*!! $1.00 Dozen E^S|« g^White WoolBlanke^ Eiderdown Comforters,
n »='• tMcei: eoft. fiura.ble grade; 72 lnchei Heavy Linen Huck Towels, ket«; largeet double-bed size; twilled ity; light weight; covered with €j>T-«OO
|1 wile; choicest Datterni. Regularly $2; made ei fZf\ n n - AM ground, with fine fleecy finish. French eateen; light and dark patterns;
j _ , , _ , , _ . of fine German Linen; OliOU ilOZcll „ , „ _ pure down filled. >
• Irish Table Damask, i red or white borders; full bleached: very «oft ricmmea Honeycomb Spreads, - - . _
iHrSff&pVSSS S& 75c r^H—tew Huck To mi ,. SKfff&E -"-- - 75c |1 ¦'«*»"»•«> val« E8
SSS'.'iS5ir"""° mn "" < " t " m °" ofTSS'&rvS S3.00 Dozen English Marseilles Spreads, SheetS 311(1 CaSeS
German Linen Nankins 80ft flnleh: fine damask patterns and nicely Regularly $2.50; extra good <J?1 QRJ .
t"~™*t hemstitched. quality; numerous designs; ex- <J>1«*7O Made from a fine soft-finished quality
Rerularljr $3.25; ex- CO RA Tlo7Pn p.-,.].- PmbVi T««,.lm^ tra larfre Blre tor double beds. standard sheeting; free -from - all artificial
tr» £e*Tr ouallty; 24 O AiOU UOZCU BaiTlSley Crash Toweling, t?-«.-« Tur a ,«,.:ii.. o^ a dresHing. All have three-Inch hems and are
i&cbe. Btxaix*: well fl=l«hed hem* and ready Regularly 12fcc; all linen: \ ft-, V~ r A txtra Marseilles Spreads, . ready to use. , •
tar um; only 160 dozen offered at tbU price. 17 Inches wide; bleached or lvW IttlU Regularly S3. 50; finest qual- cq Pti\ tr j o^'
m-.^^V,-^ ttn.n TM.,-!-*-,. - unbleached; fine Boft-flnlsh flax. Jty; very heavy grade; largest ©-5«OU riemmea bnCCtS,
» rvf?™ f?^-' -rv^ Checked Glass TowcUng, 8ire: numerou8 de «'e n «: nicely made. 6 4x00; regularly 55c; special... 4Se
I iJ^H M^ R a th ToweU CaL White Wool Blankets, ~ lth P ure vhlte co "° n : «>«l,r finished. 90x00 regularly .0c;, 8 pe«!.l...«Oc
j Extra Heavy Batn- loweis, R*gruiariy u.so-. extra fine «c*> nn Best Silkoline Comforters, Hemmed Pillowcases! -
II R»ru'.sj-!y 22o each; bleached or |O2 r quality; full 10-4 elze; fine €I>O»vr\J Regularly f2- covered with «r> ¦ A'^ic ,„„„!„ T . ,. , , --.
I tmbleYched; eire 21x44; weU Cn- lO 3 C fleecy nap on both Bides; colored border.; bestiality fancy sUkoflne- nu- 8If50 fS S I 5 C J ' P " lal r; > J2f,
j lAed an* very absorbent. wide^Uk binding. ¦ mtc^M^S^mli^VM^ oSSIkKiSJ SOci's'pedai If.ilSc °
* WE TRUST THE PEQPLE. I
1 THIS WEEK'S SPEaALg
•0" ThIl< e ' e **nt oak quarter taw- T * ! 9n2 <^\ &
V if^ — T3 M Ported P.arlor Chair. 'tf%^fi&iz*t<$V)W O
V H f*A i - ust es £h ° w n ln Picture, ead- \V*)/J^iV»i#§»53»y S
O U R*5 ' dle Be * t or upholstered, In all VWgZ^jJ&Sm?/ Q
',% {] YsiT J colors velqur and trimmed with Kfi«3V-3%r?«E*saMl o'
i% E V^T braas milmpe: a. very pretty lit- 'ff~ ir t'vfrTl 'n X
X f» fcf ! Ue ' ch * lr *°r Httle money, lj l|l| I If ' w
i> Rij| f(V3 th«e« elrsam larpe arm cobbler T?^- - V- g *'T^^V i m i\
H Wa " " 1KH 6Cal Kockers oa hand i BOld reR " S \/f QYE »
j EASTERN OUTFITTING CO. §
§S 1320-1328 STOCKTON STREET. §
S WE FLTiN-ISH HOUSES COMPLETE. ALL CARS LEAD TO OUR STORE. §
» COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED. ©
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Ban Francisco, Sunday, 13 September. 1903.
Superior
Smith's
Axminsters==$i.5O
Iyess expensive grades of Smith's goods are here
should you wish them. But if you are looking for a
really rich, high pile carpet of superior quality you
must pay $1.50 the yard. At this figure we sew, line
•and lay these floor coverings and offer you fifteen of
the very newest patterns to choose from.
When you start out to buy floor coverings remember
just these two points: 1st, that this is positively the
ONLY one price carpet store in all San Francisco;
2d, that when comparing prices, quality shouldl also be
i ' carefully considered,
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, San Francisco
1903 V : 1904
BARON'S
Grairf :M; Opening
In the latent Novelties of Ladies'
Military and other styles in tailor
suits.
LONG AND SHORT COATS
SKIRTS
• .. All models of , creation, a full
line of furs, neck pieces/stole ef-
fect. ¦ • ' - ,.
TAILOR-MADE SUITS A SPECIALTY,
• PROM $30.00 DP.
MR. BARON ANNOUNCES
that he has added a new depart-
ment to the store with a fine line
of imported tailor hats. '
An Invitation Is extended ....
to the fashion-seekers...-
762 MARKET ST;
1 "^^MMMMMMMMMiM'California Circle of the Women of)
Woodcraft will jrlve a grand ball In. the i
jisscmbly hadl of tlie Red Men's building!
next Wednesday evening, when a pro
gramme of the latest dance numbers wlli •
i>p crctcntcd.
Woodcraft Ball.
Game Law Violators Punished.
G. Ballant! of the Clay-street market
was fined 530 by Judge Fritz yesterday for ;
having undersized bass in his possession.
ICfaSef Deputy Fish Commissioner Vogel
f cng heard that tnfe dealer was violating
-»-m> game laws and caught his man with
four larcre boxes of small bass in cold j
borage after an investigation Friday j
night. W. George of Grand Island, Sac- i
ramento County, pafd $23* Into the State
treasury at the order of Justice Greene I
of ITpper L«ke yesterday for the pleasure
• if killing a few quail during the close |
L»uigi Gardlnl. who was arrested re
cently for practicing medicine without a
certificate, was taken Into custody yes
t<rday on a warrant charging him with
obtaining money by false pretenses. The
complaining witness, who swore to the
warrant before Police Judge Jlogan, is
Pietro Pustorlno. 424 Broadway, who" al
lrfccs that he paid Gardini $25 on his rep
ir.sentation that he was a regular phy
sician and surgeon. When be found that
<;ardini was not a regular physician and
mrp-eon he demanded his money back,
liut did n<it get it. Gardlnl was released
fin J2j cash ball.
Wants His Money Back.
>TEW TOEK, Sept. 12.— Professor J7 W.
Jenks of Cornell, one of the members of
- the International Exchange Commission,
who returned from Europe to-day on the
Campania, eaid that the commission,
after consultation with representatives of
th« various European powers, was pre
pared to submit a plan for the solution
of the Chinese money question and the
problem of the payment of the 450.000;000
taels Indemnity to the powers for the re
cent disturbances in China.
The commission was appointed at the
request of China to establish a standard
cf currency to allow the payment of this
indemnity In a way satisfactory to all the
powers concerned. Of the plan Professor
Jcnks would say nothing, as the report
has not been submitted to Congress and
the President.
Jenls Returns and Reports Comple
tion of Work Belating to Chi
nese Money Problem.
COMMISSION IS READY
WITH FINANCIAL PLAN
The application for possession of the
Hath Iron Works is denied because of the
fact that at the time of the lease there
were on hand certain contracts which the
United States Shipbuilding Company knew
could not be completed within the year
for which the lease was to run. The
Bath Iron Works is the referee entitled to
retain exclusive possession for the pur
pose of completing said contracts, part of
which are for Government vessels.
POHTUANl}, Me.. Sept. Judge Put
nam, of t^c United States Circuit Court,
has Issued a final decree in the case of
Roland R. Conklin et al. against the Unit
ed States Shipbuilding Company, the
Hyde Windlass Company and the Bath
Iroii Works, defendants. The appoint
ment of James Smith J. as receiver is con
lined within this district. It Is ordered
that the property of the Hyde Windlass
Co. belonging to the I'nited States Ship
building Company be delivered to the re
ceiver and he shall from time to time
furnish the Hyde Company with all'con
venient facilities to enable the latter to
complete the work on hand.
CIRCUIT JUDGE PUTNAM
• DELIVERS FINAL DECREE
Property of Bath Iron Works Not to
Be Given 'into Receiver
« Smith's Hands.
"•Undoubtedly it would be a great relief
to the department if the tenure of office
of fcurih-class postmasters was perma
nent and stable during a period of good
b#!iavior, but this rule has never ob
ti.i'i.d under any administration, and no
attempt has been made toward establish
ing such a rule until the present adminis
; ratio! 1 .. Postmasterships of all classes
bava been universally recognized as polit
ical appointments, not civil servilce_ _ai>
nointrnent*. and no claim has heretofore
Iwen made that they were under the civ
il service law. The department in deal
\ng with Senators and members of Con
gress must treat them uniformly."
WASHINGTON, Sept. 12. -Postmaster
Genera! Payne to-day made the following
natrmcnt rcgardinc bis policy In the ap
•pointment of fourth-class postmasters
with particular reference to the recent
removal of Miss Tcdd. the postmistress
of Greenwood. Del.:
"There is no law. regulation or rule
which applies to the department or to the
Civil Swvlce Commission regarding
changes in fourt,h-class postofSces except
ing that under the administration of
President McKinley an informal rule was
adopted that a postmaster should not be
considered as liable to removal until ho
had 6erved a term of four years, unless
for Eome cause affecting the propriety or
ability of the- postmaster holding the of
•"When I becam* Postmaster General I
«^avcred to prevent the removal of
poKmasters of the fourth class, even af
ter they had served four years, unless it
was for come rood- cause. But there
never rra« euch a rule formally adopted.
I am pleased to say that for* the most
part Senators and members of Congress
have acauJesced i n the wish of the de
partment.
jVThere appears to be an Impression that
after a fourth-class postmaster has been
permitted to remain beyond four years
that h© should then, by custom, be per
mitted to remain another full term of
four years. No such custom has ever
obtained, and the practice of removing
these officials at the pelasure of the Post
master General has prevailed, I believe,
since the foundation of the Government
ur.tll/the modification was put Into ef
fect 'durinc the term of President Me-
Klnley. The civil sen-ice laws do not ap
l>ly in any respect to fourth-class post
masters.
"One of the rules governing the action
of postmasters is that a postmaster shall
not allow his office to be made the head-
Qiiarters of a political party, or a faction
of a political party; nor shall he be ag
gressively active in stirring up factional
quarrels, political or otherwise. Miss
Todd, who was removed from the office
at Greenwood, allowed her cflipe to be, in
<"ffpct. the headquarters of her family
and herself to t»e the mo.st active in a
factional political quarrel inside the Re
publican party. This she virtually ad
mitted in her interview with me. and, ac
cording- to the rule referred to above, was
cause for her removal.
Fourth-Class Postmasters Not
Governed by Civil Ser
vice Rules. .
Removal of Miss Todd
Due to Her Political
Activity.
PAYNE EXPLAINS
FIXED POLICY
THE SAN FEAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1903.
25
I '^ h f^° f _ I • I ¦¦. " : 1 gey^s, i f^^ys^ ¦ 'if
5 Th e *3.5O?ubscripttonedito.th e Monday and Tuesday only, w M^^Sa^fliWcfot^! ' The "*" FalMmporta"^ here ,^£5,*°^=^ — ' "* "^ f
if authentic life and works of the excellent Gas Table Lamp com- J>' uMiiiiiiMh Jif- ' -— of the famous Empress Lamb- At 12o—sc*ni ** th« rch, zeiuu. J
6 illustrinns Pnntiff inrludiiw a plete; polished brass and black 43^,-"^^- jf*jo ' ¦ ' s^'i n Gloves— positively the best Sr'iltt: jc
\ erapWcdlscriDVono St Peters ' iron stand, best quality of hose. \ s6^^>$* -> f . * dollar glove made-tte co\or *s- 2»1S& $SS£ ft 8 £££ )J
* and The W^T^oi^W^ gooseneck; burner, chimney, >#^ #fe^ fT™* F^F V T} Y SSkffiFxZ^S&E $
fc . ana tne \ atican, proiuseiy ana • & • » » .n sbl /rff <r St^yaasJ wiB/JfJaaJsifW ran shades of gray, slate, f*id. violet, by Ro=a. t*h m-
jf beautifully illustrated; the Em- fluted shade, double frame & £ beaver, tan, brown, and there &£"£* h ;ri u ma™ y J
J ponum's great special OR n mantle and aluminum sinoke •rftrirrfnrilft" ; TTAnr,r~iT '"'"# ¦¦¦¦¦¦^~~^*** r^ g=^ are whites, with either white or At 7n r^?*"; nww * ra BrM1 , 3»
j; price-per volume . . «*•*** protector; regular- &* 9Q — -.« safflBffl^^ 885 " 8 '^ ' black stitching, and fast color 7O ~l°?? "^^"iiuSSi *
J! By mail 2 5 c extra. ly $2.10, for . . 3> *»«*£?[ -^^^m^^MJlZRlCA-S GRANDEST^ STORE black. | %£?& S5£. V* """"" |
I Snks r DressOoods chm new xyies^ r^dy. n t^ g = b^w^ I Sale of Unons^ I
I j Superior Styles and Qualities at the lowest possib i e pr i ce s consistent with reliable merchandising. The displays Bu y Now-The Prtpo Bars Are Down. |
|| Exclusive novelties, exclusive weaves in all of the sections are. well worth seeing, and those in th- "style" departments 1^ $
j^ and exclusive patterns — tor beauty you will be found most instructive and helpful now, when you are planning your win- nuny F ick. np t of nernnf ien«hie goods, much bdow thor «!««. Por 5
\Z rflnnnt Pvrpl ihpm fnr trilP PrnnniTlV the t^r outfit ¦'¦¦¦ "¦•¦¦' ' thr.c day*, beginning to-morrow, we place on tale »eTtr«l thousand dollar** .*
\h CannOL eXCei mem IOl UUe ecUHUUiy tne ler OUtlll. , • wort h o f wc:u i gO0<J , , t fiilly«nethrd off their ralues.
I If prices Cannot be Surpassed. Qiil« iWc*ntat*x*+4iii*c***'c a fd**+ . \ 'rish Linen Table Cloths- P»tttm border., ica pattern cream >r
|K PeaadeRex— A new plain weave with a very brilliant lus:re, for waists •*«¦*•? IwiianUISMGtUF&r 9 nSSiStpie ILhnO ¦ £&£& /S^fk damask, 7 feet long, a $1.75 yalue, ipecalialt prlct . . # -^ o •*
|tf and rr.-r.ing dr.sscs, in all colors, yard. ..." 75C LaiBSt SiyiO NeCKVIQaf* V^Mv "^ J
!»: Corkscrew Siik-W,h»ve received more new colorings in this rerypopu.. Th important Neckwear event so far this year is /^^ X?^ l^oX^ WM*} J&*>^ Fine Damask Cloths-Sewal gradei cleared out at a uniform X
,£ larv,«ve, and it U a verv dre:sv r!k, •: p:r vard $1.;O , c ;.J n 'j ... M J A T.,,«lav «l, n • 11 ff U iSSfV 5 W- Kfli^^ pr.ee, aU 3 yards long, nor.e worth leis than 13.50, lome o —^ •}
\\ Crepe d« Chin-.-We h-« a com^ lin, of coloring, in ,h» e«cp- "fJw.vZ^ T V^ f W^S^^mMWS M& —h more, .;ecial u'c price, each $2.78 J
jg tonally heavy grade f.r street and evening w.ar, t er ya.d . S5c "tirt "mpc line of Ladies' hign, grade Neckwear from S'^Sl^wM^ W^i?^ Damask Napkins-Fmt linen, 14U , inch .iae, «* dergrn, for X
* C*nva.SiIk-Th;«i.oneofthe mo«t popa'ar silk, rhs season for >hi-r Ncv y °« s >"S^ importers and manufacturers of this class of W!ffl$§BffimW > £?$ W v/t ' * hemstitching or monogram embroi erj-; Imtead of |s. 5 o f -^ *
IS waists,* the best vvrarlns 8 .!k made, a decided norelty, vard. .$1.25 g 00^ at a fraction of actual VClluCS- There arc hundreds of 'imwSTW \W ffi' •F«Ml«lepnee f aot«i_ ...&l.bOx
: 5 Black and White Silk*— For waists and dre.es in 1 dozen d ffirent this season's most stylish and de3irab:c neckwear novelties, con- ! '%v®*d# <& I 1 JJ Damask Napkins— The German Mercerized make, 10x20 inches, j
J l«ykt;y«« 75C sisting of Stoics, Cape Collars and Yokes in -linen, lawn, iace< Jll&fe 4^M^& a .ma. 1 lot; bstead of $1.75 dozen, «le price . > §f 28 ?
I J Gun Metal Si.k,_Th,t are all the ra fe in New York --djy d^ effect,, novelty braided and fringed hand-hem,ti:ched and Ara- Ml%H[ Dic ° NapWns-Hnbhed '.^ed^, a'ox'xo' Uhk* hea,y iwffl, for •*
S «>•!«, yard '. . . 8^ O and *I.W bian laces, in wh tt, ecru, cream, black and eombsnation colors— iffllfflfift ®W hotel, or breakfast use; a 5 ratue, .peciU nJe price, $
I J Black Cheviot - Thi* is an exceptional heavy qua ky that willgive w/tf ///(f marvdom p rke$ we are go i ng t0 8eil thcm £§ H \W\ j [ J| ||\ ioien 88C £
;J a good v,e.r, 43 ««he. «^, . ..... . . • • • 5OO Monday and Tuesday : — , ¦!« 'f' Fringed Napkins- With fancy borden, good heary dam- -« J
\te Granite Suitirg,- SS inches wide, a popular fail .uiring-all color, in- l^Acr^ ' ' ' 4^*^ ask; instead of 75c dozen, «le pricc . . 48C *
I* eluding back, vard 75o 5Uc to $1 .50 pieces • • 23c $2.50 to $4.50 pieces $1.18 <^_^^ d. . . ~ f, n . ... ,- ™ ,-- , ¦* . u J*
\tt • . . , . r ¦ . . • ci 7c ?„ ci nn »i«.-^ eo txnnt et** nn • ' tX .« Bleachsd Table Damask— Irish linen, B:L r ast make, 64 inches V
: H Scotch Mixturcs-46 inches wrtt, in a complete line of m.xed cocr.ngs, $1.75 to $2.00 pieces i 58c $6.00 to$12.C0 pieces $2.18 ¦ .. / v . wide, .ereral pattern, to choos; from, on .pecial .ate at, yard 1_ jf
: * vard 75C — ———--—------——---—---—-¦—-------—•--_-¦-_-__——-—•«--_ * * " 47C *
| v Covert Suitingi-52 inches wide, an extra heavy quality :n 11 ne^ and _ 5&&bBW&£* §%§£&&& Mi B R& B B &&f* B® G&BBE&& Tray CIoths-EJe-ant damiik, finely hsm.dtchsd, six: __ '5
\ % ' beautiful shade-, jar J 7 5G %&U&BBV*r BW Q& WW /Hi && B, USMBBbB 13t&&a53&£5* iox 3 o inchej; a 75c valus, now, each . . . . . ... . 4*4fC .«
if Flake SuUn S i- 5 oinchi S xY:de, beautiful effectrm shades of b-uebro«^ / |, .*' nsllgL^a C*- n mw-m < Turkish Towels -Fine bleached, the heary dcuUe _ „ 3
\fg red, green, tan and black, yari. S1.OO Hi&\f$tt&l SJHSlirSCtSVC &ty2€ SUSS Kle^BnCQ threaded, none better to wear, «p:cul ule price, each . ... 23 C #
J DontSaJ Homespun5-5= i^che, wide, in all the new mixtures, on- of Constantly increasing number, of wom.n are learning the • supe- Glass Towellnfi-Fuie checked Enen, ,g i.ehe. wide, perfect J
y the bcstucanngfabrcsm.de, yard $1.25 riority of the Emporium's Suit and Coat Department. Itfgenerally A^K tovedge,'; a I2^c raluej .pecial ule price, yard f/f %
j takes but one v!sit to make a permanent customer of the ncw comer. \ ?* *$£*££. "** MUG &
3£ C#1M«mIa O-r»w»«s<r» /*ff«M^4fM8» ¦•'•.' NJ^^^t There's a substantial reason for this continued growth. Style's n:w- /- *^J __ - -„ - ___ , m %
£ &csiIef3iG § ar 3?gF^9lLff&Bn€zBsMi& en H eas await y^ uh:rc . and wheth « youwuh to pay a few doiars or U ?/ B&SltliiiSS 3F3u rlsnnGIS *
j J. at nn/» nuartfH* tiff V^^f several hundred doiars for ycur: gown, we can show you the best of Sr^-ff m^^mmammmmmmg mmmmmm m mmmammm%^m%m %
IK „ J fJ: , ' • Ur • u r ( '-> 7& i . kind at the right P rce. . MM^ ' Fine Mission Blankets— Fully 72x84 inches, best Australian %
' * A M ™ da y a " d Tuesday - lempung iffcr m the Curtam ,££ Ncw Stre£t $25 . 00 _ Ju:t gg iUxiiU « lon> . choice aso tmen; vvoQ, beaulSy made. pair. . S8&S 5
j j. and Drapery Department ior housekeepers — 206 pairs of fW/K °f thes: new street and ouc.ng suits in pretty novelty suitings, made fflfflr^&trtS. . T ¦¦ AlkT 5«
i H sample curtains, no more, at a quarter off the cxceeding"y JjkTj^N. eith;r uniincd ev;n ltngth or tra'n s'cifts; the coats arc th: single- v llM 1 l^fh#\^ \ ficst California Wool White Blankets— L«rgc «izc, 6 lbs. %
$ low prices at which they are already marked. Oniy one f'W I \ ' breasted iwight fronr and splendidly lined throu S hout; excelent W&ffrtXSS^ weight, close weave, pair . . . $5.95 *
I pairofakind. ll you h 1VC use for a s^e pair ot curtains // A «K^ W Btad^-^ *«fe 7 - S
j; investigate thi5. 1 he assortment mciudcj: t| / A \ corded; waist is blouse front, fastening 5n s : de; col ar, front and curTs in pink, blue and red borders, pair • $3*95 **
\lt 50 pairs Muslin Curtains, marked $1.00 to $3.95 % i W\ neatly appliqued; has full mercerized drop tkirt; a very simple yet ei- / :\sTT- Fine Comforters — 6 dozen of assorted saxnp'es of fine makes, $
:£ 20 pairs Bobblnet Ruffled Curtains, $3.25 to $6.00 \ V / fcctivc dres3; fXCellent va>Uiat big stcre'. price . $27. SO I J3l • \ worth $1.75 to each, all at one price to close
It- 20 pairs Irish Point Curtains, marked $3.50 to $7.00 "98/7 New Oolh Suit, $37.50- Midc of fine broaJdoth, y^W <tf tZH 5
;J? 10 pairs Real BattenberS Curtains, $5.00 to $16.50 j Pty \\ braid, the skirt has a train and is unlined. the entire suit W ? itiX ing lull size, each . SSI 1Q *
|S 34 pairs Arabian Lace Curtains, marked $2.50 to $8.50, /-V* \\ teautifu'ly rrapped and ipiend-diy tailored, a- goo I m /Ai\\ F»nrhFi«'«.u Rn^Jt/m'tJiw* »«^ aUth«. c L O rV «,J «n« *
I 24 pairs Brusseis Lace Curtains, marked $4.00 to $.2.50 , / \\ value, priced here ggfXQ . l^jU 0^"?^!^^^ |
¦ %' 38 pairs Nottingham Lace Curtains, marked $1.25 to $6.50 / JL \ \ " v*' — mw*& p <-m/ \ hundred* of patterns yard mOG
£ \ \\ New Evening Gown, $4.5.00- Pretty Crepe de Ch : ne P * Ifl \ Printed Tennis Flannsls -In crepe and pain wea«i, napped m — \
); | Novelties in Laces SL_>P m$%tM$% W¥$$$ L^tt \ H^oSi ••••••••••-¦• 10 ° f
* „ „ . . r I^J=^^^\ appegreen, white, as"S in darker shades of red, tan or // ' « , \ I •; ffl/» flftlf WUft VAPff S
!§f Endless variety of novelties in colored /// \ \\ hUck - . The = e s° w «" «=>» made ove r r u ii ,;u d rop /// /.'//// \ reUMc "^ weaTC * • • • # K P »»« §^/^s yaru
»: and Medallion designs; in blue, gray, tan, J j \ \ ) one of OU r most po P uu r cre Pf de ch- ne Dresse, and ;. 3^^! i \V e are showing a •*
j; black andj-ed, black and green^ pongee vj^ ££1 "JS.S £ J^^ beautiful line of. new _^^^W |
J shades, ecru and white, black and white h - e them i na ii the most cham>^%^ , // 75= — O^ hats— Pans and %
* -ird two-tones of leading colors ~, , .n S cv tn in g ,hades;o U r pr ic C o n \ ) *p&& B^nj ' \\i ygg^ York models and stun- f!Isill££gC* 5
* A U U . v v. - j j u • Other Crepe de Chine Dresses, .ranting in pritc from $45.00 to $Ss 00 . ro ;i«r offo/-tc «
£ Oar new spangicd rcbes have arrived, and arc the prettiest s y /J> JlW - ning tailOF ejieCtS jggg^ &S&&IJ «
&: patterns ever shown in the big store. They have new iflft^---.-*-^ <35»crf«^^^jJ /#%^^. '«»^ ]ZI o» -^^ » " lame GainsborOUghs, T j^^^^ >r
I drop cfTects and are in silver and b'.ack; price ifiOi*i*GCt StrCet USlff* fiSGW FBI! StiyiGS trimmed With d/OOp- \ "S J^ |
I w^d^g^^eii^atifdrop'olfS;™ Uniforms $15.75 fOi* E3oj}f$ ing plumes artistically JllMb I
jt newest ideas. They arc made in p=arl, jet, spangle, ir- "We have had made ac- ' draped tUTDanS With '^^^^^^^» '%
i idesccnt. beaded, fringed, Persian and silk, and in colors ,. , -r • KH*) I I rst shipments from the Eastern manufac- marabout to match, the "^^^^^S. j»
!• . to combine with shadings of suitings. Prices range from COr . lng l C SpCC1 C at ' 01 " | t^SL J.I turers of boys' clothing (the best in their several COlor Of Velvet, in all Jl
| 7VzC to $2.5O each ofSan Frand'co ' I >O ?5^ '" the W0rld) have been unpacked and the the new fall shades-smart tailor hats of braids and birds %
I &1 7>K mr>*BB****CZ *?**> S;V " al hUCdrcd ™ f ° r ™ #)«^PVJl s - aren 7' onthe > h e.ves and tables. The as- }^£^^^^^j^&% |
X %f9Ba£n+Jf B^ttijrmMB &&? %J9Qjf*jr cither for conductors or 0 Vwil' sortment includes everything that is ne\V, Stylish chcnill.- braid, finished with wings and steel ornament. Jf
!JJ ; motormen, which we have ft^JPiBWj "^^Kiy an^ up-to-date for children, boys and youths, at • • • • $2.25, $2.75, $3.00 ™i.$3.50 j
! af ijf, —^ Monday only, made at the hitherto unheard fi!^^^lil|ufil.' prices which we know Cannot be duplicated for the We are also .howing a high claw novelty in ready-to-wear hat. b braver, £
jg .,* ~~"W a large collection °f price, each Fi! teen . '^^^^^ same qualities. Closest comparison invited. trimmed with Urge graceful knot of «na mnp j'
1 fW^^M^M^ f Of beautiful hand- Seventy-Five. These suits *^Hj|jP,- Hoys' KneO PantS SuItS-A^ S to ,6 y «r.; Norfolk h^; 0 * f tVmme/d^ hat,", ranging in pice frTm.. .'. . ?
\ It , iti£^±^£^-~-f ) # are made of twenty-SIX '/l/M'P** *** a Doublc-Brtastrd Styles, both dark and medium colors, ail nicely ' SO- R5 10 £25 OO X
3 , Skr^^ 1 I CO! ° rcd Iands "P :: ounce 'pure wool Indigo M#' " ta i? ored ' very derirable £ uit, for .chool wear, &O OlS J5
I*! i g, medallions, beau- flannel, trimmel in a first-c^s, SLLJ special value at ....._.. .&&m&%2 J1^^»F»^<B ITlM 1*91 id* Zn*S<S '5
if ! &»— — -^j§ ti{ul! colored and a good fi: guaran- } f r 'Wf/;f?/f|f| '/¦ Boys' Eton, Russian Salion Blouse Suits- mwa^SMM 9 r mma M*a^MMMMa*j9 £
I J |X NJ i tied. . ' Ages :^ to 8 years, in aL-wocl serge, and cheviots— red, brown, N&W StylOS fOt 'fall 1303
'f ¦ , m- • ii m b^ 8lass ' framcd Men's S««s, 5/5.00-Great values at >.o.oo; n!W faU . Men's Hi^h Grade StiB Bosom Shirts-Choice fall patterns J
5 m a pretty gut moulding 3 inches wide, with brass corners. sty.ei with cither single or double coats, the very nobbiest de.igns in Jars ' exceptional value at... 1?J %**%**& P J r Wiv#»rf iinpnn.lM in mak? and finish X
'M makinz a picture I O »4xi7 54 inches, a lot Of if I 2? pictures fanCy Cheviots « Tweeds, Ca.slmeres an 1 Worsted; also plain b!u« and Youths' Suits- Like picture; 14 ro =0 y<a«; the very nobbiest JUSX received, unequaiea '" mdKe J" u *• #s5l .^
maKjng picture io/ 3 xi 7/2 inenc., a Jot or 5 picture, bUcks; splendidly tailored, perfect ntting; hers A #-• f%g% designs in fancy cheviots, twerds and worsteds, £* -* g% *%*% , arate Cuffs, best" madras and percales . -$1.50 X
J. thst have been wghtiy damaged in transportation, g~g* for . . . -. .^BSlmiJM and buw and b!acks 5 splendidly uiored . . .fpBUaUtJ Men's Hall Hose- Plain black, tan and black with white 3
j£ to be closed out to-morrow, each »5Sf25 ' ' !— — — — — ¦— ¦ — — ¦ ¦¦—^— —^^— ;— — so | e 25c J
J Tb "m7^ 171 — TZ iMS&BBH&BSlXf*^ SSfilM F&BB+Eft5itfUIB*G* &£&£*&* B£&§<S£ Men's Neckwear— French Four-in-hands, Imperials, *
K NOVe§tiG& £n NotBOnS mwaWWXjy <S> &&nSLff ST ZBB EBB U MB Q? m9gJCS*Mt*2B& Ascots and Tecks, in a great variety of styles in '2
v A u'aai r* ' Tf , • • i.- i. l i i • i c^sssrt^? the neatest and latest effects now being worn in jt
L t . t M ¦ f /e f " Ces „ >/fV' S tr^;tr^"t lP C e S New York, gray stripes, broken figures and mixed ;?
» BaAour « and Marshall . Linen Pearl and Tu^uoisc Head H« Pin, fi<f if J ' j\JT »m!nrf our thousand or m. re sample pieces cfth: be.: furniture Ha k^ patterns • • . . V V . . . ; V 7. f . . . 50(J J
I*' &at.~DlrX > CoSoT O t taS' Frenci Spoof Cotton- Si! ic ."ubS -fP\L If < l^fl S%^&. j-nd carpet, that aremade We r.ot only will save you money, M9 y M . UndCFWCar— Camel's Hair' and Natural Woo!, f
J> Coats Uarmng Cotton — 3 calls '"""* >»t~"» "*"" au *- »">»»- rL — r-^^ " -^^ f j^nn W but vou can be ful.y assured that the furniture is properly made ! MS W ,' j j ->.i- j i_i *. J*
t : 5o o^XVshVd," 'air'' 50 y^5 "d will giv C satisfactory service. ix<^^^| the drawers are made with double seats; per gar- .,
if Nickel Duplex Fastener Safety R Xr CtoS'cttffil Check S •^^^^^^W^^A I i^ll Monday Only -White enamehd iron bed, cither full .ize, three- ment 91*00 '„
!g P:ns— dczen J C {crn -j r WJMfl'Ilftltt^^i, quarter or single, exact y like picture, 4T& f-J S f3~^ V . -^ -^ -J
. J. Shrunk Skirt Braid-Black and Shell S=curty Loo.. Lock Comb- l|.«ISiwfr^ffl^S- > 36. 00 bed for . $^.<&2* 9 ,£!l^^J S&fO StT8Vt*n& Rtlt3S %
j fc . colors, 5-yard p.ccr. . . WO each f O C ''^W/ftlWI'Hi-^-rTTr^ Monda y Only-Weathered oak arm chair, like picture, uphol- i»~^~ -^ . " # ! 2
* "Ho!d-u?" Skirt Supporters— Fancy Wood Darning Balls- each % ¦/! 'll--^ stered in imitation Spanish leather, an excel"ent chax for dens, f| | SGSSH1S BwtOFiU^^ *
«¦> « et 25o 5O f^I/^ _j — — — libraries, hall or smoking room, regularly |flh #"J J>2 fffa « " . & . ' • t -^ 1 i*^ j S
£. «'Only one" Long Wabt Fattrn- Hookon Hose Supporter. — all «" a J 9. 00 arm chair for . . . .... . .vP*J*B a fr%ff " '7 V ; ." When DUying any artlCle that IS CXpeCted J«
I "o r ur e o a f h sighV ; -shW ?v!S Fo^Horsup/ottriJb^cffnd do not belong- __ _ " Artistic^and de- to stand hard wear, it is always policy to |
J, Dre« shjeid,_pair . iff ? color.; ; P air . . so 0 to the Fumihu'e fel^^j'jP? ' _ • peudabU Furniture buy the best. There is nothing in the way ;,
A » Stock Collar Foundation. -dip Tade*. Celcbmed Dre;» Shield— , ~ _ irKjI^^^T? 9 ift I »ST"ii—^ — ,T«a5argiT5£5> Z' r»f flnnr rnvorinCTC U/hirh IC CiihlPrt trt <inrh -
2- and.tra-.ght i2*Ao No. 4 medium; pair .. S5o and Carpet Com- w\\ ' J? § I w M^4^/ >#* at Department Store ot tioor coverings wnicn is suDject 10 sucn .j
*: SilkCoUarFeatherbone-yard So Belt Sets -buckle and back^omi- fo*,^ jfetfe jt— rf^ 1 j'ttS | .^ J#^ ;r#i|f COnStant and hard Wear 3S 3 TUg. InOrder j«
Machine Keedh . - 3 for g c ment, .et. ..... g 5o O _^£ ||f| A^M,r^i^=^^^L ' to give satisfaction the rug should be of the 5-
i Ham* Lbbbbbbmb** F*g* s \Wi I If Fii M ff -^^^ very best quaity. Beginning to-morrow and 5
*•: ra*z***&j o-BogoauB &? em»m I h\ laA M 5^ Ji^}=£==^;p=si ¦ g^g^g*^^^^SSSg' during the week, we are going to offer you -,
I Ham^r. E r? raS .T. c r. d '. Mon . da ! y©c JJMw^ 3^213 il^lSl the oice of four sizes^ of 6 vcr y h * sl -
i 1 Firkin' creamery Butter -Moni. r .ruiT««d.y f ib. . 26o fp^t f^l^^Tl^ llSff^^^ffiili fflL #fibfS 1 * 113 Rv^ s manufactured, at thelowest
j: Best Coffce-Our famous Java and Mocha, Monday and Tucday tH MSM M" i^SSj W?B5Hff |^ j^fe^M^^^y^^ofe r J^P 8 ' l'l fRS^- DrJCCS We liaVe eVer knOWn SUCh TUgS tO •*
JI Nabisco Wafers— Ramona, A thenas and Champag'nci, Monday * "' j' j f^W" "' "" V ' 7""^^^ «* <? *jf be SOld K>r. I«
•' and Tue-'day, tin . . . . . ." 24o '".'/• \ • . ' ' • Ci en r>..^<- io_i/; ;„.),„- « o _ e« •-> V
f Olive OiI-Dr.Dohrman'.-California'.bestproduction,bottle..70o , .,.„.• r • ' • ' u . .J. . , ; . - f .\f - *L'S V> * \a\a . S 4 Cl"i5 *
K Duffcy's Medicinal Mait whiskey-For family use. Mon- Among the new arrivals in dining-room furniture is the set pictured— a true type ot $3.00 Rugs, 26x54 inches, for $1.82 • 5
I Hcc^w^^t^e^d;^ I Colonial, made by one of the best hi S h S rade . g£ r!£ ££ £2£ £ S£ |
I mmm^&^MM^ mahogany; beautifully finished and constructed; com We have thflargest and best assortments %
i P«bsJ d B T e u^Mkit 'Monda^ndTue'sdaVdoVv/l^ i- eveV-popu^ Mii ion FumiW we «^how^-l ' * '. * "'"""" '" of carets that we have ever owned—Bigelow, *
I .SSchSS^H^ndJliad^^^^^ w^J^Kck. w'%%.00 \ && f/i'fg Lowell & Smith Axminsters-Sxtra quality %
y 7 " > Carpets, Wool Velvets, etc. All al positively ,%
I Fall Wt^aanehs 9Sg Trunks— Suit Cases v New Automobile Bags the lowest prices. i
r, •«¦»» mw m mmg*gw*m *»» »*'«V**#» Duck covered, water proof panted trunk, with brass mounting jn.1 . ... D ' o «-' 11. u juj -u--j — — ¦— — i^i^— — — i—^^— —^-^— —^— -— —
6 We have just received a line of new Percale Wrap- <°' n « "umper., best lock and bolt, two strong i ea thcr .trap,, two Au *™*£ J$r5?S£:St fr^djc^ndic?! SJ 400-Day Clock. 5
j^ pers — in black and White, navy and White and red size*. . 30 in 34 in. ( 34 in. , -6 in largerme.. . ....... . . . .$1.25 The n:w year long clock will run 400 days with one winding and irafmr- 5
£ and White in SlZeS from 36 tO 44. They are made Of " " '- — -'— i— ll_— i____ WriirBatfs-Saftian leather, blue, red and green with purse t» match antcsJ ti me P' ece » P ricc S19.SO 5
fc- gOOd quality material, With deep pointed yoke. back. Price. . . $10.50 $1t.OO $11.50 $12.00 ..... ......... ..:...... . 600 Nsw l V ] ' Westminster Chimr Clock, chimes quarter hour, urn: as in j*
j: and front finished With full ruffles, edged With fancy ¦ WW U.lhirDrc»l Suit C«se,-Holland linenlined with .hirt fitted AVri,tBa«-W..rus stock, stylish shape, containbg purse and r 2Sm«^I^^P^^^^^b3S S
%" vvn^h hrTid<; Thf» «:1ppvp«; irp m-iHo hi<;rinn Affprr onrJ fold ms:de, brass lock and catches, strong handle, steel frame :— :V«J>«. ¦ ' c< en I w o-°*» °-«"7 " OC "™ I '" K *.." •*•»«»•*'•' •»
* wasnpraidS. I lie Sleeves are made Disnopeltect, and sizc . .. '. v ,_ a , ln 24 in . l61s ;Y« d ««-- ¦• ••••••••• •¦- • • 9I.5O New K ne »4-karat O. molu Gold Oocki just arrived dr the holiiay.; the 5
3k there IS a tight fitting lining. 1 he DOttOm IS finished -__^__L_ : Music Bags- Genuine English (Calf, harness stitches,^^ in pretty shades, finuh and movement are guaranteed, price from $1.35 to $30.00 %
Jf VJth adeep full flounce. .... .. . . .98C Prce . . $7.OO . S7.5O / $B.OO : docs not tear the music ... ... ...... . .\$t.5O Alarm Clocks, guaranteed good .timekeepen, each . . . .^ . 700 '2
ft * , • ' ' 2MEMBER OF THE FACULTY OF THE STATE UNIVERSITY WHO HAS
PREPARED A REPORT ON THE FRUIT INDUSTRY OF CALIFOR
NIA FOR THE AMERICAN POMOLOGICAL SOCIETY.
Students Punished for Dueling.
BERLIN, Sept. 12.— Four students of the
Technical High School of Stuttgart have
been sentenced to three months' . deten
tion In a fortress for^uellnc.
will be treated in another exhibit. How
lands that were once desert were made
to blossom as the rose will be shown in
a comprehensive manner.
In fruit California is in a cla$s by.her
self, and perhaps no one other display
made by this wonderful State will attract
more attention. Oranges, lemons, pine
apples, grapes, figs, peaches, pears, apri
cots and many other varieties of tree,
bush and vine products will be received
fresh every day and will be spread In
tempting array before the visitor. Trees
and plants will be transported from Cali
fornia soil and will occupy favored spots
in the gardens surrounding the State
building in the grounds connected with
the palaces of agriculture and horticul
ture. The cultivation of plants and trees
and the handling and packing of the fruit
will be shown.
In the great Palace of Agriculture will
be seen the wines for which California
is famed. Bee raising is one of the Im
portant industries in this land of fruits
and flowers and honey of all kinds will
be an attractive feature.
California's lumber interests will be wel)
A room In which soiled clothes or shoes
become moldy is too damp for health.
Frank Wiggins of Los Angeles and J.
A. Filcher, California's World's Fair
commissioners, when In St. Louis recently,
expressed themselves as amazed at the
magnitude of the Universal Exposition.
They were well pleased with their recep
tion and were surprised at the substantial
progress made In all directions.
There will be other exhibits, many of
them novel and all full of interest: indeed
California will be so weil represented at
the fair that a look through her exhibits
will afford almost as thorough a knowl
edge of the State as would a long visit en
the Pacific Coast.
displayed and a good showing will also
be made in the departments of Art and
Liberal Art.
Ancient Castle Found.
BERLIN, Sept. 12.— A castle which is
believed to have existed 400 years before
Christ has been brought to light near Cas
sel.
Which high ecclesiastical dignitary shall
represent the VatVan at St. I»uis, and
which are the best artistic, historic or lit
erary objects that the Holy See may ex
hibit*
It is expected that a delegation from
the exposition, with full power to con
tinue the negotiations, will be sent here.
The Vatican has been assured that when
all details of Its participation are ar
ranged Secretary Hay will eend an invi
tation exactly on the same basis as those
sent to the European powers.
ROME. Sept. 12.— The Vatican's partici
pation in the St. Louis Exposition was
among the questions which it was first
thought of reserving for the new Papal
Secretary of State, but as the appoint
ment is delayed Monseigneur Merry del
Val, acting Secretary of State, will take
the matter in hand. The two principal
points submitted to him are:
Take Up the Points to Be
Decided.
VATICAN'S REPRESENTATION"
AT FAIR TO BE SETTLED
Monseigneur Merry del Val Will
"The planting of oranges on the mesas
on the east side of the San Joaquin and
Sacramento rivers through a distance of
about 400 miles has increased the acreage
of this fruit in that region not less than
five-fold during the last five years. The
profitability of early ripening fruit, which
can be disposed of before the holidays,
cheap land and abundant Irrigation water
are the three attractions which have led
to this large Interest and Investment. In
Southern California also orange planting
has proceeded, and the planting of the
standard California orange, the Washing
ton navel, has been rivaled by the atten
tion given to late ripening varieties, nota
bly the Valencia late.
"A part of the increase of the orange
acreage at the south has been secured ut
the cost of the lemon by budding over
bearing lemon trees to the orange. This
has been freely done in the interior of
Southern California, the lemon acreage
now being almost wholly near the coast,
where temperature conditions best befit
it and where properly grown and cured
lemons are fairly remunerative.
"The apple acreage is increasing In all
parts of the State, but most notably in
the Pajaro Valley, including parts of two
counties, Santa Cruz and Monterey. This
compact area of deep, rich soil with its
abundant rainfall and cool summer, be
cause of nearness to the coast, produces
Bellefleur and Yellow Newtown Pippin
apples of exceptional beauty and quality.
In this region the commercial handling of
anced most notably are the two porno
jglcal kings— the orange and the apple. .
"Irrigation is continually winning 'wider
recognition as m. recourse for safety and
greater profit even in regions where here-
"The Raisin Growers' Association, Im
mediately upon Its organization, secured
control of about 90 per cent of the raisin
output and fixed the prices at figures
which yielded a fair profit to the grow
ers, sold the year's crop, cleared away a
considerable carry-over from the previous
year and brought a new era of prosperity
into the Fresno and Kings county district
of the Sap Joaquin Valley, enabling grow
ers to pay oft mortgages and have a good
supply of ready money besides. It has
worked five years or more, never reach
ing the. permanency and perfection of or
ganization which its most ambitious pro
moters aimed at arid yet always rescuing
the raisin interest from 'exactions and op
pressions. The association of prune grow
ers had a most difficult task in its ef
fort to sell at a profit the enormous prune
product of 1900, including the output of
rival sections and of people distrustful
of each other. It had rivals at home and
enemies at a distance. It made colossal
errors in the matter of ways and means
and from nearly all points of view It
failed utterly and will never outlive its
bad name. Out of its : failure, however,
comes a stronger disposition than ever
toward the formation of local associations
and their affiliation Into central control.
Lessons have been learned from failure
and the air is cleared after the storms.
Co-operation among California fruit grow
ers is all the stronger because of the fail
ures it has made.
"We have now In California from 75 to
100 local associations, most of them own-
Ing property in packing houses, etc., buy
ing and distributing supplies, grading and
packing fruit and drying In -many cases,
selling first-class products under their
distinctive brands, . and acting to
gether In securing advantages in
transportation and the . like. We
have associations of Bpeclal-product
people, walnut growers, almond growers,
ppune growers, etc., which are In some
cases fixing minimum price or arranging
public sales, accepting or rejecting bids
upon products in. bulk and representing
many producers. In these lines of local
co-operation steady and stalwart prog
ress is being made and general affiliations
Including these • units will in time , bring
all bur growers together in mutual un
derstanding and joint action. : .
IRRIGATION INCREASING.
LESSON OF FAILURE.
TBANSP0ETATI0N PROBLEMS.
"Transportation and marketing prob
lems still occupy a large share of the
time which producers can devote to local
and State assemblies. Though it is im
possible yet to record th<» permanent suc
cess of any great undertaking, still tho
benefits resulting from such degrees of
success as have been attained are nota
ble. The skeptic on the feasibility of co
operative . action among agriculturists
might truly claim, for example, that the
greatest undertaking the Southern Cali
fornia Citrus Fruit Exchange had never
secured control of more than half the cit
rus fruits produced; that the Kai'sln
Growers' Association had not only failed
to secure permanent organization, but
had difficulty even in getting a one-year
contract for 90 per cent of Its product
and was, therefore, forced to abandon for
the present, at least, all of its great am
bltion toward owning its own packing
houses, its own establishment for seeding
raisins and the distribution of its own
products; that the great association of
prune growers failed so iamentably in its
undertaking to sell at Its own prices the
150,000,000 pounds prune crop of 1900 tha<
it never was given another crop to sell.
"It is true that this is a sad record for
co-operative packing and selling, for
these are the greatest efforts ever made
In the State, but the impression changes
If a little color is thrown upon thes pic
ture. Though the Citrus Fruit Exchange
never controlled more than half the
product, It was able to double the return
per box to growers Immediately after Its
organization by correcting the methods
of It3 rival buyers and it has exerted a.
strong influence. ever since in correcting
abuses, in extending distribution, in re
ducing fixed charges; In short, it may be
said to have rescued the California citrus
fruit interest from collapse and during
the present year it has fdrmed a merger
with rival buyers to prevent gluts and
losses in Eastern markets, an example
which was quickly followed by those
handling the Eaaiern shipment of decidu
ous fruits. Its direct value and its indi
rect value in showing fruit growers their
power when working together are both
Inestimable, and yet It never controlled
more than half the crop. .
the apple has reached the most sys
tematic and greatest development. Tho
output of Pajaro Valley apples has in
creased from 765 carloads in 1*97-98 to 2200
carloads in 1901-2, and only about one
third of the trees are now of bearing age.
"On the whole, the fruit products of
California are being easily disposed of at
fairly remunerative rates, and the busi
ness is in good heart and enjoys a good
outlook. There Is, of course, fluctuation
in the values of different fruits and in
the market conditions which they meet at
distant points. Such 'off years' strike the
fruits somewhat irregularly, and are dis
couraging first to one special grower and
then to another, and as our localities are
largely given to specializing, according
to favoring culture conditions, there is
opportunity for complaint somewhere
nearly every year. Complaining is Vhe
traditional privilege of farmers, and fruit
growers are entitled to their share of It.
Still we find that our fruit growing dis
tricts have the busiest towns, the hand
somest rural improvements, the largest
assessment rolls and are most attractive
to homeseekers. While these things are
true, our fruit industries must be counted
in prosperous condition, although the
greatest anticipations are not always
realized.
ORCHARD AREAS INCREASING.
"Although the orchard and vineyard
areas are still increasing quite rapidly in
the State as a whole, there are some dis
tricts in which special extension is nota
ble. The fruits which have recently ad-
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SHIPMENTS IN TONS.
j
PRODUCTS. . 1800. y 1900 1 1902.
Citrus fruits | 34,200 22G, 540 ••225,068
Fresh deciduous
i. fruits ... .\ 34,042 01, 170 100,390
D r I « d deciduous
fruits 32.297 1 S»0.0.">2 151.344
ItaiBirm 20..VJO 36.O17 47.575
Nuts 787 «i.51S 10,918
Canned fruits 40. WO 7.V r .r.n 80.<i34
Wine and brandy... 47,650 00.0-3 88.CS2
Totals 209,C<fo | GM.5C8 | 705,811
•The rhiDtnenta In 1901 were ."i2:{.s71 tons.
COMPARATIVE AMOUNTS.
"An approximate idea of the compara
tive amounts of different fruits of the de
ciduous class which are shipped out of
the State can be had from the following:
Carloads
Ucclduous fruita — In 1902.
Cherries 245
Apricots 221
Peaches 1.777
Plums 1,480
Fears 2.fiO.J
Graphs 970
Apple* : *3TO
Mixed 20
Total 7,025
•Tl'e foregoing statement covers shipments
to November 5. 1002. and does not include the
total apple shipments which are probably about
three tim<?s &e great a« indicatPd: in fact.
direct shipments to Europe alone reached about
¦».'¦<• carloads.
tofore deciduous fruits have been crown
by rainfall. The older the trees become
and the greater their demand for moist
ure in order to produce large merchant
able fruit, the greater is the Irrigated
area. The addition of water artificially
during the rainy season to the amount
which comes by rainfall is growing In
popularity where the subsoil, is deep
and retentive enough to act as a reser
voir for such water. Where this is not
enough, one or two irrigations in the sum
mer are added.
"Protection against frost, or rather the
prevention' of low temperature . at the
place where it would do injury," is becom
ing a wider recourse, not alone for citrus
fruits which are menaced by frost in De
cember, and January, but for apricots, al
monds and grape vines which are liable
to Injury . by spring frosts. The burning
of crude oil In properly contrived Iron
pots, about forty to the acre of trees, has
been so fully ' demonstrated to raise the
surrounding atmosphere from three to six
degrees Fahrenheit, that outfits of these
pots with' electric alarms operated by
thermostats to give warning of danger
ous drops of temperature are being get
up In, all parts of the State. The old
methods of running water and smoke fires
are also employed, but the oil burners are
surer to protect the fruit. '
Quicksilver or mercury, that mysterious
metal which plays so important a part in
many industries, will form the basis for
an exhibit bristling with interest. How
the metal looks when It comes from tlie
mine, what processes It undergoes lo
make it form the background for the mir
ror or fill the bulb of the thermometer
and all its other uses, will be shown>
Irrigation, which has become a science,
QUICKSILVEB EXHIBIT.
., California's State building on the fair
site will be erected apart from the others.
a tract of land fronting on Skinker road
facing the Palace of Agriculture and
overlooking the Palace of Machinery was
selected by the Commissioners, and there
they will build a reproduction, with some
modification, of the Sar.la Barbara\Mis-
Bion. ' The central structure, facing on
Skinker road, will be fifty feet wide. It
consists of an arched entrance between
two lofty dome-topped towers. On either
side are wings, two stories high and
thirty feet long. The depth of the build
ing is seventy feet, and at the rear are
two more wings of the same size and
style of architecture as those tn front.
The entrance is reached by ascending a
flight of massive stone steps the full
width of the central structure. Even to
the bells the Santa Barbara Mission will
be followed as a type. Besides beirg a
clubhouse for Calif ornians, .many of the
exhibits will be shown in this building,
and it will be rendered no attractive that
It will be one of the many favorite resorts
for World's Fair visitors.
Besides showing the resources that
have made the great Pacific State fa
mous, many novel features are planned.
An ostrich farm can be seen, and in this
inclosure will be shown the care and
training of the great birds.' The feathers
which are so valuable will form an In
teresting part of the exhibit, and the va
rious processes which the plumes under
go from the time they are plucked until
they are ready to adorn the hat or are
attached to the ivory frame of a fan will
be in harmony with the exposition theory
— to show processes side by side with the
finished product.
Of course California will make an elab
orate display in the Palace of Mines and
Metallurgy. The annual production of
gold and sliver 'in the State is more than
$20,000,000 and more than 6CO.00O pounds of
quicksilver is annually produced. In the
outside mining exhibit she will show an
especially interesting attraction. A gulch
covering an area of more than 12 acres
lies southwest of the Palace of Mines and
Metallurgy and in this California will re
produce one of the famed 1S49 mining
camps, with vivid reminders of the pio
neer days. Here will be the cabin occu
pied by John W. Mackay, the bonanza
king. Pay dirt will be aent from Califor
nia and a placer mine in operation will
accurately show how -this industry ia
carried on.
STATE BUILDING APART.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 12.— California, whose
area is greater than all of' the New Eng
land States combined, with the added
area of Missouri, will make an exhibit at
the World's Fair at St. Louis in keeping
with her geographical size.
[ No State and no country presents a
greater diversity of interest and climate
than does this western member of the
Union, which embraces 155,980 square
miles- and monopolizes two-thirds of
America's share of the Pacific Coast.
In the southern portion oranges, lemons,
pineapples, olives, wines, barley, wheat
and sugar corn are among the chief pro
ducts. In the extreme north wheat, oats,
barley, potatoes and hay are among the
principal crops, while sheep and stock-
I raising is a profitable industry. Every
lone of California's 'fifty-seven counties
i possesses rich mineral deposits and there
I are mined with profit gold, silver, quick
j silver, lead, copper, iron, chromium, an
\ tlmony, borax, rock salt, soda, potash and
j sulphur.
i California's legislative appropriation
j for the exposition gives no adequate idea
' cf the extent to" which the State will par
i ticipate at St. Louis. It is $130,000, but
! many times that amount will be expended
j by different communities, societies and
i individuals. The State law permits each
! county to appropriate 2 per cent of its
| tax, levy for exposition purposes, sxid
: nearly every county has decided to show
; its resources to the world and has raised
i the required revenue.
Alameda County's method illustrates
; the advantage of California's exposition
laws. A 2 per cent levy there created a
fund of fcJO.OOO and this sura will be ex
; pended in an exhibit characteristic of that
| section. Three thousand dollars has
been sat aside for an educational exhibit,
the f«Tture of which will be a relief map'
of the county, 14 by 20 feet, prepared by
the public school pupils from papier
mache. The map will be returned to Ala
meda County alter the exposition. The
; remaining $17,000 will be expended in the
preparation of other interesting exhibits,
showing the county's resources. Thus
each county will make an exhibit that
will maintain its^individuality, and the
exhibits in the aggregate will constitute
one immense display, portraying the vast
: ness of the State and its manifold indus
: tries.
Products of the Mines, the Orchards,
the Ranches and the Factories
Will Be Shown to Great
est Advantage.
New Exposition Law Gives
Counties Great Op
portunity.
6. Colombia to receive from the con
tracting Government f^.OOO.OOO on the ex
change of ratifications of the treaty.
7. Regulations to be made fixing the con
ditions of purchase of private company
iproperty).
IJtaupre adds that the debates upon the
reported bill were to begin on Monday,
September 7.
The State Department received a second
cablegram from Boaupre this afternoon
dated Bogota, September 10, saying that
the canal matter has not once been dis
cussed m the Colombian Senate since the
report of the committee, the first consid
eration of the report having been post
poned until the llth inst.
5. The authority to be given to the
President of Colombia to make the fol
lowing concessions and conditions: Lease
of the canal zone for 100 years, not includ
ing: therein the cities of Panama and
Colon; annual rentals therefore until 1967
to be $150,000; lease renewable every 100
years, with increase of 25 per cent in the
rental for each succeeding 100
years' period: neutrality of the
canal and recognition of Colom
bian sovereignty over the whole
territory and the inhabitants thereof;
mixed tribunals only in the canal zone;
police and panitary commissions to be ex
clusively Colombian; a time limit to be
fixed for^be completion of the canal and
works.
WASHINGTON. Sept. li-The State
Department has received a cablegram
from Major Beaupre. dated September 6,
summarizing the provisions of the bill re
ported to the Colombian Congress by the
committee recently appointed to study the
conditions upon which the construction of
the Panama canal could be authorized.
The m&lh provisions recommended by the
committee are:
1. Approval of the action of the Senate
In rejecting the Hay-Herren treaty.
2. Authority to be given to the President
to conclude treaties for a canal or to con
tract for a canal with private parties,
subject to the rights of the companies.
3. The Panama Railway Company to be
permitted to transfer its property, all ex
isting obligations to be assumed by the
purchaser, including: the annual payment
of CSO.OOG. and the surrender of the prop
erty to Colombia in I?G7.
4. The canal company to be permitted to
tran?f«*r its rights and property on pay
ment of S10.Olk1.0uU to the Government of
Colombia.
Discussion' Not Yet Begun in
Senate of South Ameri
can Republic ¦>»
"The following statistics, compiled by
the California State Board of Trade, are
from transportation records and are gen
erally accepted as accurate. For compari
son I repeat the figures presented In your
last biennial report, adding those for 1902:
"The best general impression of the
status of our pomological industries can
be had from an examination of the statis
tics of the kinds and qualities of fruits
and fruit products which are shipped be
yond the State lines. The local consump
tion of these food supplies, although large
per capita, may be disregarded because
the population of California is not large,
and commercially, except In the case of
cherries and berries, local sale Is not the
motive in production. Cherries and ber
ries are rising in importance for long dis
tance shipment In fresh form, and both
move outvrard in tins, and yet local con.
sumption i» important In disposing of the
comparatively small product of all small
fruits except grapes.
the fruit industry of California
for th« American Pomological Society,
which has been In seeslon here for two
days past. The report Is In part as fol
lows:
B—^ 0ST0&. Sept 1 12.— Professor E. J.
Wickson of the University of
California has prepared an elab
orate and scholarly report upon
State's ExhibH at St.
Louis to Be Most
Complete.
Professor E. J. Wickson of the State University Presents
Report to the American Pomological Society, Which
Has Been in Session in Boston for Two Days Past
New Provisions Being
Considered by the
Colombians.
WILL SEEM
A VISIT TO
CALIFORNIA
BEAUPRE SENDS
PROPOSED BILL
CALIFORNIA'S FRUIT INDUSTRY
GIVEN A SCHOLARLY REVIEW
THE SAN FBAN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1903. v
26
. ADVEBTISEMENTS.
BBBHSHanHaHBSsDBHHnaaHHHsnnnHnnannnanaaann]
Here is what a well-known citizen says about our treat-
1 ment :
I j "Aus. 29. 1903.-I warf ruptured by a fall from a bicycle several years aro
After ten treatments by Dr. George D. Coe. I was radically, and. I believe'
permanently cured. I will cheerfully answer further questions with reference
thereto, upon receipt of necessary stamps. (Signed) A. DRAHMS
j We can cure you, too. Come and see us about itv
I FIDELITY RUPTURE CURE
[ 1344 Market Street, San Francisco.
lBIH^llllllllIll|||||| H ii nni|||| | |||B|
ADVERTISEMENTS. _____«___——
NEWNESS IS THE KEYNOTE
'No matter where you go in our establishment nowadays you will be im-
pressed with the idea of newness. Every department has taken on new
life. The various managers and thejr assistants have worked faithfully dur-
' ing the last few days arranjrinj? the new fall goods and getting them in shape
for your inspection. >, i .
In addition to' adhering strictly to our "Quality rule we have increased
to a considerable extent the size of stocks in all departments and have Riven
our Eastern buyers standing instructions to send along with all possible
speed the latest things that are brought out in our line. This feature not
only makes selection easy, but insures you the very latest in every thin jr.
We hope to have the pleasure of seeing yotl in the near future and show-
ing you through what we believe to be the best collection of dry jjooda in
San Francisco.
New Dress Goods New Tailor Suits
(First Floor). (Second Floor).
Tn the I>ress Goods Department TWEED DRESS SUIT— Made of
you will probably find best evidence good quality fancy mixed tweed in
of our ability as buyers. The display blue and white and black and
includes the latest novelties, and no white; front, back and sleeves
matter what your fancy is we can pleated; latest cut sleeve: blouse
please you. Zibelines seem to be the s t y i e with long coat effect; full
favorite, with novelty cheviots and flare skirt. The price £ 9 C Hfi
tweeds almost as popular, x oujcan j s »p~tJ. 1/1/
pay any price you choose, from 7oc
to #2.50. All dress Roods sponged BROADCLOTH SUIT— Made of
and shrunk free of charge. the best of broadcloth in black and
TWO-TONED ZIBELINES-iThe navy blue; trimmed with fancy
new, close-cropped kind: in all the ornaments; faSicy cut cape overt
new fall colorings and two-toned shoulders; blouse front, long coat
effects; 52 inches wide and strictly style; skirt full nine-cote P.ardP
all wool. The price per £ 1 f\f\ The suit is finely tailored
yard is *pl»\JU throughout. The price OOfk nt\
SCOTCH SHOT CHEVIOTS— i s ......; &OU.UU
Especially good for walking suits;
the latest colorings and new bright ZIBELINE SUIT— Made of the
mixed effects in gravs. browns. first quality black zibcline. with
new blues, greens, black and white cape over the shoulders and trim-^
effects; 46 inches wide and all med with fancy buttons and bands*
wool. The price per a*w fif) of the cloth: blouse front and lonsr
yard is \ &I.W coat; fl ,n flare 5^^. f\f\
FANCY CURLED ZIBELINES— The price is VOO.UU
All new colorings with silk shot ef- .
fects; very, swell high art novelty. * The above suits are all made tn the
56 inches" wide. The d* 1 f "C Louis XIV style, which is now so
In garnet, green, navy and . black ' . c ai . . ejn '
grounds, with cream color fancy smtsat prices ranging from $40.00
dot effects; • very neat: 52 inches to $75.00. •
wide and every thread wool. .
The price per yard 4*1 Gfl
is OL.*JV IWcc
NEW OXFORD \VAISTINGS— UreSS OKI ITS
Rich mercerized satin finish, new (Second Floor),
floral and dice designs, mostly in
cream grounds; also some new A fine quality black, all wool, canvas
colorings with fancy dots and DRESS SKIRT, trimmed with braid
stripes that are shown for the first and bands- of Peau de Soie and made
time in San Francisco. The ? E^ in full flare with nine c*t? Cfi
price per yard is I iJl> gores. The price is *p*J.*J\S
INE\A/ SILKS (First Floor)
Peau de Soie. Crepe de Chine and CfcEPE DE CHINE— In white.
Taffeta still hold their standing p;^ i; g h t blue, tan and all the
among the silks. They are rein- popu i ar evening shades: 24 inches
forced by some beautiful novelties * * _ .
which we are showing exclusively. Wlde / . The P nce ? er C/ QH
IMPORTED BLACK TAFFETA yard is v^«vv
—Extra heavy with fine finish: it The novelties we are showing are
has the rustle necessary to make the attract i ve Bourette Silks in cords
pe^yarS is 75C with flake effects; full line of shades
BLACK ONDERLE— This is a new including cream, maize, light blue
weave something like Armure; an and pink. We also have a number of
excellent silk for wear: good for exquisite designs in fall siJka suit-
both waists and dresses: it is 21 ahle for waists and dresses, in mixed
inches wide. The price <>1 £{\ colors, dots and checks, at. c* 1 rtf\
per yard is &1»OU per yard V>/.l/C/
i9©00©00©0©0«©0©e9000003000©000000©000000*OQ^
|-^^Hh| Rattan ' Rockers, j
! n^MMdAir-^J'4Sk Iwi /# For this week onl y we •
I Bff^^^^ap^^^ 'T-if / offer rattan rockers just like e
> P(J f 888888 !^ W iXTlf cut for $3;5°' made in latest %
I Y J _ iuy in || Vg pattern, with full round rolls; C
j wl _^^^f %jB - standerd size and finished in %
* /r w^v-^* natural rattan color. Comfort- " €
fl^fr^- able and easy. 5
I THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE CO. I
I 1017-1023 Mission Street, Above Sixth. Near New Post Office. * c
ADVERTISEMENTS.
<lj /^^^>^% I artistically decorated for the occasion, %£M
j j tiWfr§&'#&4 I showing the waning- of summer days, Mm
I llj . /^y^i'M / and the glorious colorings of approach- ||||
J I! W^/r^iL I ing fall will prevail. On these days we Mm
jjh Jhffl'ti&3![ 4 shall give you the first peep into the Wm
il ftef iJJI^R I pages of .the authoritative Fashion Book MM
ij i$'y/-'*ij£l'i ! I as ''l ustratcc^ by the actual gowns. SS
|: f/ri M^t^jfc I I We shall have ready for your inspec- WM
|j Illlm ' r*-l" $ I tion the most comprehensive showing of y WM
| j J/i'/IIm hM \ fil i new * a^ Costumes, Coats and Waists, j|j|
[.< ill I IW r il (' ji I / • e wor k °f tne foremost Paris and |||1
n JUff i la f&*$l if I'm I The fabrics represented Vangefrorri fej
H IlI£ $ Iw fo^llt III I ' e s^ eerest ti ssues f° r evening wear to p||
l| J II (fU $(!**> -MsMi !| K •*" e P ract^ ca^ c l otns *" or street apparel. We fl|g
*i A If ' ' W*s^ shall 'not attempt to tell you what, the II 11
II >^^ t^ti^iSr ''¦ \ modes are. This is our broad and hearty Mm
fmr\ */ai[^tf^~$4m'< ¦ l\ invitation to you to come and s.ee the Wm
//O^Sp^V^r !? Mn^ ' r concrete style expressions as shown by |||j
J^CrV,,^^ >^^k^3 \Nv Y the many exquisite gowns. p||
j Women's Apparel Exclusively il
I 117 GFARY STRFFT HiMoss litter taken from the bos lands Is
coming into use in many European army
stables. It costs only half as much as
straw.
The greatest successes In the electrical
transmission of water power have- been
made in the United States, forty-three
companies, having a total capacity of
177,300 horsepower, transmit power over a
line distance of 1549 miles, on an average
twenty-six miles, with a voltage which
ranges from 10,000 to 60,000 volts. The
maximum, distance over which power is
transmitted is from Colgate to San Fran
cisco, 220 miles, with a loss of 25 per cent.
At Colgate the body of water is small,
but the fall is 1300 feet.— Exchange.
Electric Transmission of Power.
Seats are dearer at the Paris Opera
house than in any other European capital,,.
in spite of the fact that the state gives
the building rent free and an annual sub
vention of $160,0000. ', , .
There exists in Algeria a small stream
which nature has turned Into Ink. It is
formed - by the union of two rivulets, one
of which is very strongly impregnated
with Iron, while the other, meandering
through a peat marsh, imbibes large
quantities of gallic acid. Letters have
been written with the natural compound
of Iron and gallic acid, which forms a
small yet wonderful stream, th© waters
of which, by admixture with sulphuric
acid, becomes bo sour that the river has
been appropriately named Vinegar River.
Philadelphia Ledger.
A Biver of Ink.
A well-known landscape painter was
busy "dashing in" the colors of a sunset.
The tints were hurriedly conveyed from
the palette to canvas, for the artist was
anxious to catch the effect. A rustic
standing by observed the operations for a
little' while and then remarked: "Ah, you
be a-painting two pictures at once.' That's
clever." He paused a moment and then
blurted out: "I like that picture best— the
one you've got your thumb through!"
Bustle Taste.
A Cabinet officer of the Mikado recently
referred to the Tact that there are 830,000
trachoma. patients ,in Japan, and that in
Tohoku district it is Impossible to obtain
the requisite number of recruits for the
army if some sufferers fr«m this disease
are not admitted, adding: "The Japanese
army, will | physically collapse if things
are to go'on'ln this manner." Trachoma
is a chronic inflammation of' the eyelids
which contracts them: inward until the
lashes scratch the pupil, causing, in many
cases, ¦ blindness!
Threat to Japanese Army.
A South Sea islander at the close of a
religious meeting, offered the following
prayer: "O Lord, we are about to go to
our respective homes.TLet not the words
\fe> have heard be like the fine clothes
we wear — soon to be taken off and folded
up in a box till another Sabbath comes
around. Rather, let thy truth be like
the tattoo on our bodies— ineffaceable till
death."— Carleton's Magazine.
A South Sea Islander's Prayer.
.Argentina has again become a factor of
importance. Jn surplus wheat production.
Its exports of this cereal since January 1
—the beginning of Its crop year— amount
to 52,821,000 bushels, compared wltb. 17,
724,000 lft the came time last year. Appar
ently it is to be a record year for the
South American republic in this particu
lar. But the country is making very slow
progress toward becoming. one which can
be relied upon to supply as much as 50,
000,000 bushels for outside: consumption
year after year. Its cultivated area is
still so, limited or confined to so uniform
a land surface that unfavorable climatic
conditions for one section means a gen
eral harvest failure.— Springfield Repub
lican.
Argentine Wheat.
By a system of magnets placed beneath
the rail of an elevated railroad— magnets
which, when charged, are attracted to the
rail and so lift the car Into space — Dr.
Albert C. Albertson, a distinguished elec
trical engineer of the Royal University
of Denmark, claims that he has solved
a great transportation problem, making
the speed of 300 miles an hour not only
possible, but probable. Not only this, but
trains equipped with this patent will run
without wheels, the railroad structure
will be lighter than a ten-horsepower en
gine will be used instead of one of 300
horsepower. . Dr. Albertson's Invention
alms simply to overcome the weight of
the present railway train by means of
powerful magnets. These are attached to
the bottom of the cars in such a way as
to lift the wheels and render a 1000 pound
car as light as one pound. The attraction
of gravity thus being overcome, the heav
iest train becomes light as air, and can
be rushed along the tracks with only at
mospheric resistance to contend with.
The magnets clamp the rail above and
below, so that it is impossible for the
train to leave the track. Mr. Albertson's
announcement Is that there has been dis
covered a method of abolishing the dead
weight of the train, leaving only aerial
resistance to be contended with. If this
can be "done, as Mr. Albertson asserts,
half of the battle is won. and the world
may yet be able to travel on the earth's
surface with the much-dreamed-of hun
dreds of miles an hour.— Express Gazette.
Three Hundred Miles Per Hour.
The bubonic plague la Increasing in In
dia. The official British figures are as
follows: In 1897 the death list was 56,000.
In 1898 it was 118,000. In 18D9 it was 135,
000. In 1900 it dropped to 93,000. In 1891
Jt was 274,000 and in 1902 it was 577,000.
making the deadly total for six years of
1,253,000 souls. But that was not all. Dur
ing the three first months of the present
year, the total of deaths from the plague
is 331,000, or more deaths in three months
from that disease than there were in the
entire year of 1901. At the present rate
the "b.ack death" .promises to reap a
rich harvest this year. According to
English accounts the Yersln serum has
proved to be worthless, but, according to
French and German accounts, it was
condemned by the British authorities in 1
India without a trial.— Medical News.
Bubonic Plague in India.
A remarkable scheme, which has for its
object the relief of congestion of traffic in
the streets of Chicago, is proposed by the
Illinois Telephone and Telegraph Company.
i The scheme is to run an underground
| trunk line to a tract twelve miles south
I of the city. A summary of plans and pos
i Bibllities of the project is as follows: An
! expenditure of $15,000,000 in tunnels, 6 by 7
I feet or 12 by 14 feet; transportation of
I freight by means of- ten-foot electric cars,
I which will be brought right into the base,
ments of Chicago's big buildings by means
of elevators. The tract, with its ware
houses and direct tunnel connection with
the basements of the principal buildings
of Chicago, will result in the abolition of
I freight sheds and depots in the heart of
the city. Congestion in the heart of the
city: will be so relieved that the running
time of street cars will be materially in
creased.— Exchange.
Underground Trunk Line;
: Presidents of Companies Paid More
Than President of United
States. ,
'¦ Several days apA the Commercial men
1 tioned the fact that A. J. Cassatt, presi
dent of the Pennsylvania Railroad, draws
the largest salary of any raliroad official
in the United States. He is credited with
receiving $75,000 a year. A number of
other railroad presidents were mentioned
who receive $50,000 a year.
In tlie matter of salaries the industrials
• appear t° be more liberal than the rail
' roads. S. C. T. Dodd, the General So
licitor of the Standard Oil Company,
probably receives as large a salary as
I any other person in this country. In
cluding commissions he is understood to
I receive $250.00} a year. It is not known
! what tne salary of John D. Rockefeller,
1 the president of the Standard Oil Com
pany, amount? to. If there is any other
! person in the United States who receives
as large a salary as Mr. Dodd it is not
! generally known.
i Charles M. Schwab, president of the
! United States Steel Corporation, draws a
I salary of $100,000 a year. There are twelve
i other persons in the employ of the United
' States Steel Corporation ¦ who receive a
\ salary of over $20,000 a year. S. R. Cal
; laway. president of the American Loco
¦ motive Company, is credited with re
j ceivlng a salary of $100,000 a year. To
• accept this position Mr. Callaway re
| signed the presidency of the New York
i central. As the head of the New Tork
! Central he drew a salary of $40,000 a year.
It is net known what the salary of
i Henrj- H. Rogers, president of the Amal
j gamated Copper Company, is. Mr. Ro
: gers succeeded Marcus Daly, who received
i $100,000. It is thought that Mr. Rogers
¦ receives a larger salary-. Henry O. Have
¦ meyer, president of the American Sugar
! Reflr.uig Company, is said to draw a eal
i ary of $100,000 a year. C. A. Coffin, presi-
I dent of the General Electric, is understood
to receive. $75,000 a year.
The largest salary paid any bank presi
dent in the country is understood to be
$50,000 a year. Several New York bank
presidents are known to receive this sal
ary. There is one bank president In Chi
i oago who is also said to draw a salary of
i $50,000 a year.' As a rule, bank presidents
i are usually very wealthy, and their salary
! forms only a small part of their entire
! income. George F. Baker, president of
j the First National Bank, is believed to
I be worth over $30,000,000. James Stillman,
i president of the National City Bank, is
1 worth about $12,000,000. Most of the other
j presidents of the large Wall Street banks
are millionaires.— New York Commercial.
HEADS OF ENTEEPRISES
WITH LARGE SALARIES
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 12-Owlng to the
shortage of water In the American River
and the large consumption of water by
the Folsom LJght and Power Company, j
the State prison at Folsom cannot derive |
enough power to operate the rock crush
ers on full time. In fact, the crushers
cannot now be run with enough speed to
turn out rock up to standard.
The Board of Prison Directors had the
matter brought to their notice a long time
ago end have In various ways tried to ob- j
viute the existing difficulty, but without
tangible results. The directors have now"
been submitted a proposition to alleviate
the trouble and at their next meeting at
Folsom prison on Saturday, September 19,
will investigate the proposition thor
oughly. ¦
The rock crushers at Folsom. are ope
rated by waterpower. Many years ago
the Folsom Power Company and the
State jolrftly dug a canal. Two falls were
Constructed in this canal, one of twelve
feet, and lower down stream one of seven
fe«.-t. The corporation was to get the
water from the steep drop, while the
prison was to be supplied by the seven
foot fall. A powerhouse was constructed
and sluicegates erected.
Subsequently the State officials and the
power company had a misunderstanding,
resulting in an injunction suit which is
still pending. In the meantime the cor
poration has closed the upper canal gates,
thus depriving the prison of as much
water as is necessary.* At this time of
year the water is low and the prison is
curtailed greally in their supply. Some
thing must be done at once or the rock
crusher plant soon rriust be shut down.
It is asserted that there is a movement
on foot to either effect a compromise with
the power company upon past differences,
to absorb It. or to entirely eliminate water
power at Foisom and Install an electric
plant similar to the one now in operation
at San Quentin. John Martin, president
of the Central Gas and Electric Company
was at San Quentin to-day and for sev
eral hours was closeted with the direc
tors. During this conference it is under
stood plans were devised for the solution
of the problem.;
Special IMspatch to The Call.
Director Felton was particularly anxious
that the convict be provided forthwith
a plate, but the other members of the
board, while concurring in the belief that
they were essential, yet asserted there
was no provision made for such pur
chases; that it would establish a prece
dent for convicts to ask for all kinds of
things, and that the bill would not be
paid.
"Very well." said Senator Felton, "let
us create a fund quick. If It can not be
done any other way, I will take up a
collection myself. There should be a
missionary fund for Just such purposes.
We do not have to buy wigs, toupees
and any old thing for these inmates, but
when a fellow needs teeth he needs them
bad. I fully appreciate the predicament
and believe in helping deserving cases."
It was finally decided that the matter
be referred to the Board of Examiners
with recommendation that the prison di
rectors be allowed to outfit Hansler with
a full set.
The directors have no funds available
for such purposes and Warden Tompkins
claims the prisoner Is fast losing his
health by being unable to masticate hla
food. The matter was presented , to the
prison directors during their session to
day and occupied considerable of their
time.
SAN QUENTIN, Sept. 12. -G. S. Hans
ler, a life-termer In San Quentin prison,
wants the Board of Prison Directors to
furnish him a set of false teeth. Hansler
has not a single molar in his head, is
utterly devoid of friends and claims his
entire worldly possessions consists of
$1 50 on jieposit at the prison treasury.
Prison Directors Discuss an Unusual
and Momentous Application.
CONVICT WANTS TEETH.
The offices of overseer of the Jute mill.
$100 per month; chief engineer, $135, and
tailor, at $100 per month, were abolished.
The office of chief electrician, at $135 per
month, was created, and the appointment
of J. A. Woohl was ratified. It was also
ordered that Warden Tompkins install
electric power to pump water for the
prison at a cost not to exceed $700. At
the present time the State is paying $*500
each month for the same work by steam
power. The electricity will cost $18 per
month.
The board adjourned to meet at Fo'sora
Saturday, September 19.
Various offices at the prison were abol- |
ished, while others were created. Some
salaries of attaches were increased and j
the remuneration of others was curtailed.
The prison guard was ordered increased
and new watch towers are to be con
structed. Other improvements at the
prison, as recommended by "Warden
Thompkins, were considered and some of
the ideas will be carried out. The board
was in session all day.
The meeting was called to. order at 10
a. ra. Chairman Fitzgerald stated that
he had hoped Governor Pardee would be
present, but it was not possible. Direc
tors Wray and Devlin were also absent.
Attorney W. W. Foote of San Francisco
and Senator Charles Shortrldge appeared
on behalf of Frank J. Klessner and
Charles B. Wilcox respectively. Both
men are life-termers and want to be
parol«d. Klessner was convicted in Red
Bluff of having murdered Theodore Tryor
and. has served nearly twenty-three years
of his term. The crime was the outcome
of land trouble. Klessner is an old Union
soldier and receives a large pension. He
came to California in 1875 and has a wife
and five children.
Wilcox's application has been on file for
a long time. In fact, at the last meeting
of the board prior to Governor Gage's re
tirement from office they recommended
executive clemency and fully expected
that Wilcox would be pardoned. He killed
a man ten years ago in San Jose during
a political argument. Shortridge wished
the board to change that portion of its
resolution reading "for valuable, extraor
dinary and efficient service to the State
we recommend executive clemency in De
¦half of Charles B. WSlcox," to read, "we
recommend a pardon." The 'matter will
be decided at the next meeting.
During the afternoon In an executive
session it was ordered that four more
guards be appointed, at compensation of
! $50 each per month. The salary of com
i missary, the position held by Irving S.
i Ballard, was increased from $125 to $150
1 per month. Right Gatekeeper Frank
; Arbogast will recelce $75 instead of $50,
and the boss of the road gang will re
ceive $100 Instead of $60 per month.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON. Sept 12.—
At the meeting of the Statf Board of
Prison Directors to-day considerable
business was transacted. No paroles
were gTanted, owing to there not being
a full board present. Many applications
for parole, however, were brought up for
discussion and urominent attorneys made
arguments in favor of their respective
clients.
Special IMepatch to The Call.
Directors. May Be Obliged to
Install an Electric
Plant.
Some Offices Abolished and
Improvements Are
Discussed.
Numerous Changes Are
Made at San Quentin
Penitentiary.
Water Scarcity at Fol
som Prison a Serious
Problem.
ROCK CRUSHERS
MAY BE STOPPED
PRISON BOARD
RAISES SALARIES
THE SAN FKANCISGO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1903,
27
. THE, CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24,
1903, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested to pre-
sent them immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium' rates will be
brought to a closa on Septem-
ber 24.
ADVEBTISFiTfENTa. v
{/ '/1-- (y *'>*••
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
MILLINERY
OPENING
Monday, Tuesday and
Wednesday
September 14th, 15th and (6th
It would give us sincere pleasure
to have you come and see the new
hats from Paris, London, New
York, and our own workrooms.
They are as full of witchery as
a dancing sea under a moon-
b/ight sky.-
And the prices are every whit
as fascinating as the Hats. This
is one of the very few stores that
isn't compelled to ask exorbitant
PBAGEBS ; PBAGEBS | PBAGEBS | PBAGEBS
Shoes for Men, Women, Children I Newest Style Silk and Kid Gloves
$1.CJ5 — Misses' swell dress shoes; pat- gpL J|fS ) 25c a pair — Extra fine lisle jjlove; two
•tnt leather vamps, matt kid tops, lace and jftgRal r^^^->rff^^'-^^^1^ >^^eg^Sl clasps. Black and white. Special.
light sole?, spring heels. A regular $2.00 fU'Eil Wi P lllr M ti&W a P a ' f ~"^^ e Kayscr silk glove, two
#2.'00— Boys', youths' and little gents' |^T V ?YtI >^P- M$r 9l".00 a pair— 1000 dozen pairs French
patent leather shoes; matt kid tops, me- Wl ¦ **&-J$r • gloves; two-clasp, one row embroid-
dium weight extension soles. Sizes 8 to fg£3 * "A. I WAYS REUAJ&LE er y* A11 staple shades. Special.
13. Youths' sizes, 13^ to 2, $2.25; and I |H * *Vl v* -_ A \v«riUv *yrl ?1.25— The Cupid French kid glove; Paris
boys' sizes, 2^ to 5K2, $2.50. | P 1238^ 1250 MARKET fflV 0 * 0 * 13 f Point stitching. Two clasps. '
Tempting Bargains ill the Newest* Timely Specials in Trimmings and Art, Goods.
ft if C Za /"* A A Cl * A ' e cannot °ff er anything more desirable at this time of the
" cili OlIllS* ViOcltS anQ dKirtS* y. car than th . e new idea .s in trimmings for gowns. It is the most
; , timely offering and will undoubtedly be taken advantage of by
~ . ¦'•'•»•- . D ' . . _. , those who are in the midst of 'dressmaking preparations. Our art
£,Xtra Values Beginning Monday. , department contes in for a big share in the specials of the anniver-
More new garments have been received within the last few days, sar y J ubilee saIe -
and we call your attention to the great variety for your selection that . . TRIMMINGS.
is now in stock. Each garment 1 is an exclusive style and carried Oc to 35c a yard— An elegant line of fancy fiber braids and
in no other store in this city. Our buyers were very careful to se- bands in all colors, mixed and plain effects. y 3 to 1% inches wide,
cure only the best patterns in the Eastern markets. Our prices are 4 5c to $3.oO a yard— New effects in black and white hand-
exceptionally low when the garments and the season of the year is made-cluny fiber bands, 2% to 6J4 inches wide. Also allover hand-
considered, made fiber to match at $10.00 a yard, 18 inches wide.
wai viwr» Awn nncc« <:trtr« $1.25*o $2.75 a yard— A full line of black spangled bands, J4
JJSbBP V ' $14.O5 — New autumn walking suits ' HEMSTITCHED SCARJS.
$M§$8 that are right up to date in style The inches
flR5 SS '"and %£$% S * lU &j£ w 23c .•Jcl-Hm.titchid Saft and sham,, 30 by 30 inches All
( : Jd*^,-' are cut seven-gore flare and perfect whltc ' w ith blind embroidery effects. Worth 50c each regularly.
' hanging. Colors blue, black and . *• CUSHION TOPS.
T'^StmV brown cheviots and fancy mixtures. IOr— Cushion tops and backs; all the newest designs. Nicely
, * $ia.7r>-Chic styles in walking | tinted, ready to embroider. Regular 3S fc values.
/ 3&ifliE$V$^ a dress suits, made of new mannish )
g '\rSsif v '¦$ mixtures, plain cheviots and broad- ¦ . wmmmmmm ~ — — — • ——————^ — i
f')\f i\ ffit/vi cloths, aii have the new swell long Remarkable Sale of Women's Muslin Underwear.
ft iJHftfeW i C 2r at m V the - r bl °" se or straight front The prepara ti O ns made for our gTeat anniversary jubilee sale have
HI !$*&?&¥'' i Ct ' alsc ;. m milltary style - Many given an unlimited variety of the choicest muslin underwear.. We
S ««o a -« S'lm , *•>- -tv have arranged a few lines at temptingly low prices.
Sii+iL l\l)r $22.oO, ?25.00 and SP-7.50— CHEMISE.
/nr'jfiM % . M ? n >' handsome stvles of hi 8 h f r . ade 35r_Made of cambric; round neck trimmed with narrow hem-
ytti WlW 4* ' S " ltS; af^ a i° P ,'S ? n iS" stitched India Hnon ruffle. A good quality.
¦$/,W h\H flV' U &3L ei & n m °dels, and the only thing lack- t\oawwi*«
WMt hi? ; \\W\ ing: is. the. Jabelbf some Paris or Ber- ukawcjv.3.
'*Wn\X\ HaWW lin maker. We want all women who 50c— Made of cambric with fancy umbrella flounce of India
SJP^m \&\Vt* are particular and who want exclusive linon, trimmed with three rows of herringbone and torchon lace
Styl ° S tO See theSe garments. edge; also several other styles to select from. ;
fflA^ £ ki*>4-» ThP tipvv* nleated coat ?1.OO— Made of cambric, with novelty yoke of fine Valen-
rzzzdr^^•W' * 1- i a J » FnaS cienness lace and tucks, V neck; sleeves and neck trimmed with nar-
covert and b.ack |^SSpB row Va.endenncs s^^^
smart dressers. SKIRTS. 7...f, -; ¦ ¦ -''. SKIR.TS
iagi^^^^P^^s S ISfiii musiin c^ETt h decp hcmstitchcd flounce -
shades of tan, gray blue, black etc^; yoke effect .and graduated Sizes o J4 y^ Jot of 1QQ of
walking] -eggug who^ale cos^ The line in-
Features of Our Great Silk and Dress Goods Sale. I FIRST SALE IN THE MILLINERY DEFT.
<T 2 ** C Black Swiss Taffeta for A K~ Splendid Opportunity for Low Price Hats.
$ 1 ,25 ,M W J!t Onlvf O^C . We Vill inaugurfte our first sale to-morrow, and as the chief
mmmmmmmmmmmamm wniy.; — =— — i feature will offer some moderately priced hats. We urge you to in-
Here is really a phenomenal, bargain. We have secured a line of spect our hats, and feel confident that you will be convinced of the
24-inch genuine Swiss Taffeta that cannot be had in any other store genuine bargains.
in this city or any other city for less than Si. 25. We have an option $«.5O — Children's trim- tirf^rf^^^^S^^^^Vs?
on the entire stock, and to give our customers a particularly good me d hats in all the latest rt^^^Y*^§^f^T^5w^l*'
snap we have marked it at 85c a yard. This price will be for Monday colorings and newest styles.
only. ' SILKS. A great variety to select /j^^^^^V^S^^^^^B^mL ggr
A'.\v a yard — Another new arrival of our popular "Invincible"' from — over 100 patterns. JS^a^^SS^SBBSBSff^ffm ' 2»3fc**^
taffeta in all the newest fall shades; pure silk, 19 inches wide. $2. ."5O and $!*.5O — Chil-
Too a yard— 27-inch guaranteed black taffeta; worth 85c. dren's sailors, trimmed iS^^y^BKg^^HS^BMlLr,.
JS?1..'J8 a yard— 36-inch guaranteed black taffeta. with bow and long ends, of
7."><«, fl."»e. $ l.OO and $1..">O — Our black peau dc soie cannot ribbon. ' >^:^!^^^^y^ s 'gE^a^
he matched. Each special for Monday. $o.OO — Velvet and chif- ju/JL*
$1.OO — 27-inch peau de crepe.in all colors, black and white. It is fon s i iapes> trimmed with !p^2Sk (£e* |S§ ;
much superior to crepe de chine and must be seen to be appreciated. t j ps> w j ngs ' or birds, and -^ B^
DRESS GOODS -Colored. finished complete with rib- '• \L^
nOc? to *1.2S a yard— The newest and neatest assortment of bon, ornaments, etc- AU <^ ¦ %Tc9* /&
Scotch suiting to be found is sold by us.' . «7.5O-Tust completed \Ld£*%R "*
«O« a yard-38-inch hair line suiting and the Sangher weave in ;'n our^rkroom— An ?m- • m&jP\
all the latest fall shades. Makes a swell street suit. ; mense line ofTrimm^ed ha^s - *M a«tL^«X
ROc a yard-38-inch etamine in all the newest colors just re- r T'lJlcTr J$Lz> Mvtff'W^^
ceived. Looks as\vell as the high-priced material. \^
5Oc a yard— 540-inch granite suiting; a firm, clean cloth. Worth trimmed in tlie latest de- ' ~-fwmF Wif /
much more. Special for Monday. signs. They are rnade of If wt
a yard— 46-inch zibeline; high finish, rich black. The the best of materials and \\r/
best value for the money yet offered. ¦ are exceptional values. *
Another Grand Sale of House Furnishings. Findings and Notions. Arabian
We will emphasize here that the quality of goods placed on sale . . . .
are the very best. The prices are in accordance with our policy of These reductions in prices are made only f*¥¥I*f «1WC
"Economy for the Customer." when the quantity of goods advertised here VrfliTlCllUS
/ SHEETS. u purchased . j We nceived
Made tof good serviceable sheeting that will stand the laundry s y , one of the handsom
test, nicely hemmed on lock stitch machine and hand torn. Cheaper 45c a dozen— 500-yard Basting. ... 9 a vi
than buying the -ateria^by^he yard a d d Ba5ting . S^Te^ino^
72 by OO-5OC. 81 by oo-64c. 4uc package-Eagle Pins. . The Hne btdxan &
PILLOWCASES. 45c spool— i-oz Machine Silk. the newest, patterns
8 l-3c — 150 dozen hemmed pillow cases; size 45 by 36. 50c gross — Dress Snaps. and some novel ones
12i^c_45 by 36. Extra quality. 25c 3 gross— Swan Bill Hooks and Eyes/ that, have never been
15C-5O by 36. Extra 5 0c dozen yards-Collar Featherbone. exhiWtcd d^
cuMfUKiJtKd. 83c dozen yards— Cotton Featherbone for TK-v «rts in heaw
75c each — Silkoline covered comforters, filled with pure white vVaUt* ¦ 1 , . -, __ --"
cotton; extraordinary values. . , . WaiStS - I \ <">*** effects. The
$1.3i> — Extra heavy large size quilted comforters; worth $2.00. L—i»^— ¦¦—¦¦¦¦•¦¦¦¦—¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦—¦¦¦¦¦¦» prices ronge at
J*?l!.liJ> — Sateen covered comforters; figured * on both sides.
Regular $3.00 values. BLANKETS . Green Trading Stamps given $2.50, $2.75,
a pair— ioo pairs of large size white wool blankets, pret- with all DUrchdSeS. Don't* fail tO $3.00 and
ty colored borders. Wide silk binding. Regular $5.00 values. s" »»*"*«*• jimwiuow. w ««i w
JH6.50— 60 pairs of extra heavy blankets. Regular $9.00 grade. OSK the CierKS IOr them. , ~ -'' ; • V**««* v
ADVEELTISElffEirrS. ¦
I B. KATSCHINSKI
Philadelphia Shoe &)?
10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
1 ?AjdsiXLff Call Banding-.
SOMETHING VERYSWELL
SOLO VERY CHEAP
j Here Is a good chance to make
us prove our words. We advertise
to pe!l you an tip-to-date, swell
fitting lace shoe, made with vlci
r kid vamps and mat kid. quarters,
coin toes and patent leather tips.
I pliable soles and high concave heels.
f°r S5U.1O. that wouid cost you
£3.0*1 elsewhere. NOW PUT US TO
THE TEST. Come in and try a
|>air. You don't have to buy and
you therefore run no risk; and If
the shoes are not as represented
0. tfon't buy. That's fair and square.
I OUR PRICE 8^.10: sizes 2 l i to
3 t; widths B to EE.
1 FRENCH HEEl'oXFORDS
<( No firm in this city gives the
j values in Oxford ties that we do.
1 We make a specialty of them and
> tfefy competition. 01 course, it's
J easy to make an assertion, but we
f will prove ours. Special— Ladies'
j vici kid Oxford ties, with dull kid
tops, circular vamps an<1 heel fox-
V ing, coin toes and patent leather
% lips, turned soles and French heels,
3 OUR PRICE ONLY SI.O5- Sizes
I S to 8; v.idths A to E.
i 1% s i i3 °
J LADIES' KID JULIETS
!For e-ag<" and comfort no article
¦ cf footwear can compare with Jul-
iets. Special— Ladles' vici kid Jui-
if-tg, f=e;un down the center, wide
toes and tips, turned soles and
low flat htfcls. OUR PRICE ONLY
?•" 1 ..'JO Size? 2^ to S; widths C
to EE.
g B. KATSCHINSKI
H Philadelphia Shoe Co,
[I 10 TZCX3S ZT., 3&a Pranciico.
A visit DR. JORDAN'S crcat^
OF fiHBTOEm
a Ch 1::: 'J-J-izzzzz.lv. .;¦**:£. s.f.ci:. a
'. \Hf Jhe Ltri;e»t Anttomical Mu.\cujn in tfce \
¦ f~~ B3i tntne p»aill*«>4r rvrej by the 'oldest W
C fEvJI on ifce CatiL l_»t. jt year-,. O
A $§£.*& DR. JCR3AM-D!SEASES CF KEN A
ff^ftj^H Consultation free ir. i strit'y prin'e. *
A I V|Jfjl Trentwi per«or.»l jr nt ii lencr. A Q
I »T yi H t " r (i "" '" every cue undertaken. T
API 110 Wntefor B^ok. raiLOHUFOV«r^
" * a i| Bianucc, mailco fkee. Cat
X A /I valuable book for l»»n) \
" Oft. JtlRtU.N A t'O.. 10CI Market St.. 8. F. Y
EVERY WOMAN
_. it interested and thould know
j^T 5 *^ ;^v about the woudcrful
jS^S^TC?\ HABVCI WHIRLING
. * , V fii«. a f^. i , 4 1 be new Varlaal S jtlcfe.
t v • 4,^ 7^'tl Injection and Suction.
\ I C^S :> ' ; 'r^*^vil Best— Saf cut — V ost < :<>fv
v.^^". ttSr^L^ venieaL ItCIeanacf
'^^Xi-^^^^^&^TT*^ laitanUy
Atkyorrdrcfi-tjUeTlt \ i^^Trr^^^*
I' h* cannot ww'-Y *** e >JV *w - fZ> *
WIARVClo «ccep» no V.. >"^y>>5—
«her. but iend ttamp for Hlum- V* ( f '' ',yy\/
tnlri'. hook— O' Bird. IteiirsfdH V., g ' M
txrti'-ulan •n'' usititiiw Invslut'jle ifl
i7;;«d:e- mahvm- rr..
p^rrp 20X Time* BCc.. titw Tortc '^*vu* r
At Manufacturer's Price.
J. MARTY, 23 Turk Street.
Factory — £26 Howard Street. Repairing.
DDTTCUE'C FOR BAREERS. BA-
JJ rill Oil IL^ ker8 « bootblackB, batii-
-iiuwiiuw house*, billiard tablet, '
brewer*, bookbinder*, candy-makers, caanert.
<>ers, -flour cslUs. foundries, laundries, papet-
tar.r/er*. printer*, painters, ebo* factories.
•Lablexnen. tar-rcoferm. tanners, tailors. «tc
BUCHAEaH BEOS.
truth Man nl actor era, 609 Sacramento 3 -
Weekly Call $1 per YearSOX OP BRITAIN'S FORMER PRE
MIER WHO WILL BE -PRO
MOTED.
« ? « ; *
Plague Scare Hurts Marseilles.^
PARIS, Sept. 12.— The unofficial and of
ficial reports of the condition of the plague
suspects at Marseilles conflict. The of
ficial afflrma . that the situation . Is not
alarming, but the . unofficial versions say
thirteen deaths have occurred, the last
being an infant Marseilles, which Is the
chief commercial port of the Mediterran
ean, is suffering : considerably. . from the
scare. Spanish and other ports "are estab
lishing quarantine against fillips ' and
goods from Marseilles. •
The London Times printed a letter dated
from the Midland Hotel, Manchester, in
which the writer announced that he ar
rived from America' on the White Star
Line steamer Celtic and went to Cork.
He added that he then visited Blarney
Cattle, where he liberated fourteen fairly
good-sized rattlesnakes. The; latter con
cludes: ¦ ¦ ;
"Time will tell if St. Patrick's edict Is
a myth or not.- Yours for science,
_"C. R. WARWICK."
Man Who Srgned Letter Saying "He
Liberated" Rattlers in Ireland
Not to Be Found.
LONDON, Sept. 12.— The Associated
Press is informed that no one of the
name of Warwick Is staying or has been
staying at the Midland Hotel, Man
chester. Judging from this it would ap
pear, that the London Times has been
hoaxed' into publishing the letter" to-day
which announced the liberation of four
teen rattlesnakes at Blarney Castle, near
Cork.
LONDON TIMES HOAXED
WITH A SNAKE STORY
POPE LEO'S NEPHEWS ASK
FOR CARDINAL'S ESTATE
Request Executors That Division Be
Made of Wealth of Late Pon
tiff's Brother.
ROMK, Sept. 12.— When Cardinal Giu
seppe Pecci, the brother of the late Pope,
died, Leo had all trie Cardinal's heirs re
nounce their claims to the Inheritance, as
suring then! they would be adequately
compensated. . Not having received any
thing, the Cardinal's nephews have now
presented a request to the executors of
Pope Leo's will that they enter into pos
session of the Cardinal's estate or receive
comDensation.
It- seems that among the objects found
in the late Pope's . apartments were four
large baskets full of silver belonging to
Giuseppe and which never had been
opened since the latter's death. It is sup
posed they were forgotten by Pope Leo.
sel to Fight Against His
Extradition.
Carey Snyder's Father Engages Coun-
AIXEGED HIGHWAYMAN V£i$
A MILLIONAIRE'S SON
KANSAS CITY. Sept. 12.— Carey Snyder,
undetv arrest at Billings, Mont.f for al
leged highway robbery In Kansas City, is
charged with grand larceny In Logan
County, -O. T., and if the. Missouri charge
falls In Montana the Oklahoma authori
ties will seek his extradition. Snyder's
father is a millionaire arid lawyers have
gone from this city to assist counsel en
gaged in Montana to resist extradition.
Given Bank of Field Marshal.
BERLIN, '-¦> Sept. 12.-^-General von Wit
tashle" of the Eleventh Corps and the
Count .von Schllffcno of the general staff
have been given the rank of field marshal.
¦ Great efforts . are being- made to induce
English.farm laborers to settle in Canada.
ROME. Sept. 12.— Deputy Farrl, the So
cialist leader, in answer to the movement
against the announced intention of the
Socialists to hia3 the Czar on his approach
ing visit to Rome, publishes In the AvantI
a vehement attack on"*Russlan absolutism.
In his artlcl" Slgnor Farrl quotes a let
ter from the secretary of the Socialist
bureau at Brussels expressing agreement
with the Italian Socialist party in its pro
posed action against the Czar and declar
ing horror for Czarlsm and Its crimes.
Deputy Farrl announces that the Social
ists first formed a secret committee to or
ganize a demonstration against the Czar,
but this has been dissolved and replaced by
a public committee, as each member de
sired to assume the responsibility for his
actions. The new committee has decided
on a parliamentary manifestation consist
ing -of a proclamation signed by all the
members of the Extreme Left and ad
dressed to the Italian people and foreign
Czar Will Not Visit Bucharest.
BUCHAREST, Roumania, Sept. 12.— Tha
projected visit of the Czar to Bucharest,
to act as godfather at the christer.ins of
the infant Prince Nicholas, son of the
Crown Prince Ferdinand Victor, has been
countermanded because of fear that tha
Roumanian police wou!d be unable suf
ficiently to Insure the Czar's safety.
parliaments in which will be set forth the
reasons for the protest against the crimes
committed by Russian despotism. There
will also be a popular demonstration
which, besides public hissing of the Czar,
will Include resolutions by communlcal
councils against the Russian Emperor,
meetings of protest, the distribution of
pamphlets and leaflets and the flyins «C
flags at half-mast. It must b- pointer!
out that Deputy Farri only represents the
most extreme section of the Socialist par
ty. The moderate section, led by Deputy
Turatl, opposes Farri's tactics.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 12.— Russia has
requested Dermlssion of China to post
pone her evacuation of one of the frontier
provinces of Manchutia for several months
after October 8, the date for the general
evacuation of Manchuria. Minister Con
ger cabled to the State Department this
fact, and thj»-niatter has been referred to
Secretary Hay at the Secretary's summer
home In New Hampshire, for considera
tion. The State Department apparently Is
not concerned over Russia's request, as
It is pointed out the province is a small
one and the postponement asked for Is
only for a short time.
The Washington Government has re
ceived satisfactory assurance from the St.
Petersburg authorities that the general
evacuation of Manchuria will occur on
October S. If for some reasons purely lo
c^.1 to the province in question, Russia
sliould request permission to postpone the
withdrawal of her troops from that par
ticular province 'for several months. It is
said to be for China to say whether the
request shall be granted.
The request, In the opinion of the State
Department officials, does not Indicate
that Russia intends to break her pledge to
the powers. Secretary Hay will prepare
instructions for Conger, upon receipt of
which the latter will advise the Peking
Government of the attitude of the United
States. * •!¦"¦:>
Socialists Prepare Dem
onstration Against
Nicholas.
Would Postpone Evacu
ation of Part of Man
churia.
FARRI DEFENDS
HISSES FOR CZAR
RUSSIA REQUESTS
TIME EXTENSION
ST. PAUL. Minn., Sept. 12.— A special
excursion train on the » Wisconsin divi
sion of the Chicago, St. Paul, Minne
apolis and Omaha road went into a wash
out at Kempton. ,Wis., to-day. Three
passengers were killed and a number of
others hurt, none seriously. The dead:
PATRICK CONWAY of Reedsburg,
Wis.
WENDELL BROWN of Cassanovia,
Wis.
MURPHY of Madison. Wis.
The train was bound for Duluth and as
a terrific rainstorm raged during the
night the engineer had orders to pro
ceed carefully. The train was running at
a speed of four miles an hour when the
washout was struck. The engine passed
over, It safely, but the tender, baggage car
and three coaches were derailed. The
other seven cars of the train remained
on the track. Conway was riding In the
combination car and was caught beneath
the wreckage and Instantly killed. Brown
was passing from the third to the fourth
car at the tkne of- the accident and in
breaking apart the cars threw htm to the
ground and were piled on top of him,
crushing him to death. _ A number of the
other passengers were slightly hurt, their
injuries consisting mainly' of minor cuts
and bruises. Only the fact that the train
was running slowly at the time of the
accident prevented a serious disaster.
Washout in Wisconsin Causes Wreck
of Tender, Baggage Car and
Three Coaches.
THREE PERSONS KILLED
ON EXCURSION TRAIN
Enforce Demand.
VIENNA, Sept. 12.-Reports from Sem
lin. Hungary, say fresh trouble has oc
curred at Nish. Servia, and fresh arrests
of officers have been made on account of *
another letter to the King demanding tho
punishment and expulsion of the regi
cides. There is a rumor that officers a: a
ready to march their reciments to Bel
grade in support of this demand.
Nish Officers Ready to Karch Their
Regiments to Belgrade to
NEW LETTER TO KING
CAUSES MORE ARRESTS
Sells Pictures of Louise.
, BERLIN, Sept. 12.— The keeper of the
restaurant attached to the Royal Opera-,
house at Dresden, which he has occupied
for fifteen years, has been refused a re
newal of his lease because he sold choc
olate bearing pictures of ex-Crown Prin
cess Louise of Saxony, who eloped with
the French tutor, Giron, and her children.
ROME. Sept. 12.— The Pope, fulfilling a
promise made to Rev. Dennis McConnell,
rector of the Catholic University at
Washington, when the latter was pre
sented to him by Cardinal Gibbons, sent
him to-day a most cordial letter con
taining a brief in favor of the Catholic
University at Washington. The Pope
most warmly recommends the university
to the support of the whole people of the
United States, trusting in their generosity
to enable it to accomplish Its object,
.which Is to maintain and augment the
Intellectual supremacy of America.
Warmly Recommends Institution at
Washington to the Support of
. the American People.
POPE PIUS SENDS BRIEF
IN FAVOR OF UNIVERSITY
The original cause for the summons sent
to the Cabinet at th:s unusual period of
the year was the discussion of Colonial
Secretary Chamberlain's fiscal proposals
und the preparation of Premier Balfour's
promiped upon that sub
ject. Since then the fiscal agitation has
become of ..almost Eecondary Interest, in
tense feeling having been aroused by the
Scuth African War Commission's report,
while public sentiment Is aJsoN3eeply ex
orcised in the* Balkan horrors. Such a
stanch supporter of the Government as
the Pall Mall Gazette warns the Cabinet
that it must take action to remedy the
LONDON. Sept. IT.— A special meet
ing of the Cabinet has been sum
moned for September 14, and the
pollttca.1 atmosphere Is thick with
rumors. These include reports
that the Government will break up and
that a general election will be held, or, at
'cast, that the Cabinet will be reorga
niw>d. On the other hand. It Is declared
that no open breach will be developed,
and that with the exception of providing
another office for the new Marquis of
Salisbury, who as Lord Cranbornc was
I'nder Secretary for Foreign Affairs,
Things will go on much as they have be
fore.
scandals revealed by the commission,
while the Times, backed up by the Lib
eral press, demands greater British ini
tiative in putting an end to the massacres
in Macedonia,
In this connection it is said Balfour will
see King Edward before meeting his col
leagues on Monday. The King has been
taking an active interest in the Balkan
situation, and the present interview may
. result in some statement of the attitude
I of the Government.
I BaJfour does not expect any crisis
' necessitating the Cabinet's resignation
arising on Monday, though the antago
nism of the Duke of Devonshire, Lord
President of the Council, and Chancellor
of the Exchequer Ritchie toward Cham
berlain's propaganda may create breaches
; which even Balfour cannot foresee.
; It is announced that by the middle of
next week the official papers showing the
result of the Government's investigation
of Great Britain's official status will be
published.
The, chief whinof one of the political
parties said to-day that the mest astute
politicians could not forecast the ap
proaching developments, but that the
sanest surmise pointed to another period
of uncertainty, with the members of the
Cabinet taking opposing views on the
fiscal question, while the Government as
a whole attempted to remedy the ill ef
fects of the w-ir scandals in all branches
of life, especially business and political.
Consequently Monday's meeting of the
Ministers is anticipated with intense in
terest and no little apprehension.
BERLIN, Sept. 12.— Paul Perwltzscky
and Ernest Wahl, directors of a work
house at Saalhausen, a suburb of Dres
den, and a policeman named Anton Bru
lch have been sentenced to two years and
six months, one year and six months and
six months' Imprisonment, respectively,
in connection with terrible abuses com
mitted on the inmates of the prison. The
Inmates were maltreated, compelled to
climb on a hot stove and march at the
double quick until they were exhausted.
One witness testified that he was bitten
by a dog, which he believed was trained
for this purpose. Another inmate who
escaped from the workhouse and was
brought back in order to be released gave
vent to insults against the Emperor,
which resulted In his getting a longer
sentence in a rejjular prison.
German Officials Are Convicted of
Jnhuraan Treatment of In
» mates of Reformatory.
WORKHOUSE DIRECTORS
ARE SENT TO PRISON
For instance, the commission recently
bought Kempf's "Two Sisters" of this
season's academy. What the Emperor
thought of that work Is related by Kempf,
who, as the commissioner In charge of
the academy's exhibit, showed the Em
peror around.
"Who painted this abominable thing?"
inquired the Emperor, stopping in front
of the "Two Sleters."
"I did, your Majesty," replied Herr
Kemrf. N
Director von Tschudl wanted the gal
lery to have a Whistler and had arrang
ed to buy "Xoturlne No. 3, St. Mark's,"
but the city commission In this case re
fused to support Herr von Tschudl be
cause, it is said, the Emperor suggested
the picture was not needed.
BERLIN, Sept. 12.-The Prussian Cab
inet order of Wednesday taking the na>
tlonaJ gallery from the control of tin
Berlin municipality and placing it undei
the Ministry of Public Instructions it
badly received by the artists and by th«
city authorities. The order Is ascribed
to the Initiative of Emperor William,
whose opinion as to what ought to go ir
the gallery has several times diverged
from that of the Municipal Art Commis
sion and Herr von Schudi, director •, ol
the gallery. V
Ascribe the. Change to th
Initiative of Emperor
William.
Object to Gallery Bein
Taken Prom Bgrlin's
ControL
ARTISTS OPPOSE
CABINET ORDER
THE SAN FRA3S CISCO . CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 1 3, 1903.
London's Political Atmosphere Is Thick With Ru
mors of the Impending Collapse, of the Balfour
Ministry and the Calling of a General Election
CABINET IS SUMMONED
FOR SPECIAL MEETING
28
t ADVEBTISEHIJE2IT3.
r c
I A FINE LINE OF
I FALL and WINTER WOOLENS
-. JUST RECEIVED. j
Stylish Suits made to order for $15.50 to $20.00
Perfect-fitting Pants to order for $4.50 to $10.00 \
Fine, dressy Suits, latest style cut, df first-class unfinished '
worsteds, piques, cassimeres and Scotch goods in all shades
for j
$25.00, $30.00 » $35.00
x ¦ *. A SUIT — — — I
These cannot be duplicated elsewhere for from $10.60 to *
$15.00 more. \
Stylish Overcoats from. : . $20.00 to $40.00
The best: of workmanship, linings and trimmings, and per-
fect fit guaranteed or no sale. /
¦ME PflHlMHE TAILOR..
201 and 203 Montgomery St7, 1110 and 1112 Market St..
SAN FRANCISCO.
LOS ANGELES, CAK.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
lA HALF CENTURYl
1 OF SUCCESS I
g is the wonderful record made by the .famous %
% US Hostetter's Stomach Bitters. For 50 years
g i||^^ '* has stood the test of public approval and 3
r: to-day is regarded as the leading family medi-. fj
cine of the world. * *^
I HOSTFTTF!?'^ I
I wmmMl Stomach Bitter* i
i Pfl is es P ec ' al| y adapted to those who have al- %
E lowec ' * heir s y s tem to become weak, and run =1
— down and ' who now suffer from FLATU=
1 i! LENCY, SOUR STOMACH, NAU= I
I MWSK^ SEA ' POOR APPETITE, INDIGES= U
i Hi^W T!0N ? DYSPEPSIA, KIDNEY AIL= 1
I g|^^« MENTS, CONSTIPATION OR MA= i
S LARIA. It will strengthen the stomach, %
l^^g^iss®& promote sound sleep and cure the above ail- H
g ments. Try a bottle and see for yourself. %
m^ yt t t t> ft
' E i: Indianapolis, Ind. W W " T ew York, N. Y. f. 3
g- ¦ Gentlemen: — For a long time I suf- li || Gentlemen: — I have used your Bit-- 1
g J fered from weak kidneys, but after tak- | I ters for stomach and kidney 'ailments !! 3
•g * ing your Bitters the pain in my t back has * I and found it very beneficial. 'I cheer- I 3
i gone and now I :un a well man. ',[ ',', fully recoif.mend it. '
g^: ROBERT H. SCOTT. il \\ ' T . C. 'CORNELIUS. t
„„, l L. Tttttt ,,,,i M ,,, MU ' Jt - t(l) ; i| i 3
E WOMEN WILL ALSO FIMD THE BITTERS UNEQUALED AS A /TONIC AND REGULATOR %
* IBPIMift— MH— WftiMitlTlf it— r
. . , : ADVERTISEMENTS. ' " *
W^^^^mi 3000 patterns from which to choose, and the finest, the S|)
b est lighted, the largest carpet floor in San Francisco Jj||
Wfj&fflySr i&N&u^ft ji» a IRi F—»n. A \T Hff¥lkTC"B^l"^B"^CT colorings; shaded from the (r^ Illl Qi *
Wvtfr&bt^ 7*8? '*S/ i*^ "^^/Sl \ \ WiIlV% 1 I^K% Nileto the forest grteo, from yk / Blip fl&illTfffl^o'
''^P&XrJLX) ti. K@Kgffi 2^r Jt*-^ /*!* *y I T M. H I i Vj7 B " Wj* the clear marine blue to the India. Cl/«tv/" -Jtrrn /ffi jAnJ
pS^ &mhi " QMITH'Q HIGH PUP s^"^'^ $135 ifl^ii 1 !^!
fell II 1**3 lilllll I IL/jL lor effects. By tyliVU JXimjA iO-CU
®7 ntjlll Cjrf» i?54!lvf«M Illl <> ¥ L^ Ulfll fD A HC °* rare Turkish, India tf»| r~ tl'AiJi Tf 7 / H If
f/'ZSWZ&fli Wl IW^M^M^W MiL. nluH llKADb andPerslanrugs. Sewed, S\ l\\ M ' [> \tfL V )M
¦WS^r^J^WSJj, \ *I^£Si> &/!/ *> iVOlM lArLJllVI^ grounds, in reds and 7\)L }]d^!K ' \| ( ( A
WMt "THE CREDIT HOUSE" 233-235-237 POST ST. -| sMJ. P. 'Asher of Denver, Mo.; had an ex
perience a few days ago which Indicates
how changeable ¦ climates can be. Mr.
Asher was working in his field one fore
noon. It was terribly hot, so, on going
borne to dinner, he left his shoes behind
A Missouri Weather Tale.
It Is commonly assumed by ornitholo
gists that every species of migratory bird
breeds in the most northern portion of its
range. It has been found, however, that
the Australian sand dotterel goes south
to breed, traveling to the south of New
Zealand, or as far toward Antartica as
H can now get. — Exchange. ._._. .
Go Far. North to Breed.
"The origin of the term 'grass widow,' "
said a philologist, "is puzzling. Some
eay it came from the French— that it was
originally 'grace widow*; that is, wjdow
by grace, or courtesy. Others say it de
rives from the old English custom of a
man's hanging out a broom when his wife
was away over night. To hang out the
broom was a common phrase. When this
thing was done the meaning was that the
house had been swept clear of the wife's
presence and the husband's friends were
to visit him and do as they pleased. In
time. Instead of hanging out a broom, the
husband came to hang out only a bunch
of grass. Thus he grew to be called a
•grass widower.' and his wife, a 'grass
widow.' "—Philadelphia Record.
The Grass Widow.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 12.— Mrs. E. Vande
venter, the woman who was Injured by
being thrown from her milk wagon on
Thursday evening, died late last night
Her horse became frightened at the cor
ner of First and Julian' streets and over
turned the rig. Mrs. V«nfleventer struck
on her head and received a fracture of
the skull. She never recovered conscious
ness. She was about 45 years of age. For
a number of years she has supported her
self and little daughter by running a
small dairy. -A-t the inquest this evening
a verdict of accidental death was ren
dered. A short time ago the husband of
the woman was committed to the asylum.
He was subsequently discharged, but the
authorities have been unable to locate
him.
Woman Dies From Injuries.
A Philadelphia artist, returned from
abroad, tells this story of the late James
McNeill Whistler:
A group of American and English art
ists were discussing the manifold per
fections of the late Lord Lelghton, pres
ident of the Royal Academy.
"Exquisite musician— played th© violin
like a professional," said one.
"One of the best dressed men In Lon
don," Bald another.
"Danced divinely," remarked the third.
"Ever read his essays?',' asked a fourth.
"In my opinion they're the best of the
kind ever written."
"Whistler, who had remained silent, tap
ped the last speaker on the shoulder.
"Painted, too, didn't he?" he said—Pub
lic Ledger, f ;J^ ;
A Whistler Joke.
Lorn Anglesey is credited with being
the pioneer of the idea of a scented mo
tor car. Thus when he goes abroa-1 on
his car, instead of the fumes of gasoline
or some other noxious odor being left in
his train, there is a fragrance of eau de
cologne.
vlctlon that In order to attain anything
like success the American Mining Con
gress "would have to be cradled In the
arms of the miners," which was taken to
mean that the congress' membership
should be held in mining districts, rather
than In cities of capitalists. President
Richards spoke of the necessity of mak
ing the congress a body membership in
which would be an honor, declaring that
the weakness which was becoming ap
parent In the miners' federation lay in
the fact that it was ceasing to be an
honor to belong to that organization. C.
L. Dimnowlty of Boulder. Colo., read a
paper on "The Revelation of Gold' Min
ing and the Economic Treatment of Low
Grade Ores."
The committee appointed to draft res
olutions of thanks to President Roose
velt for his recognition of the Ameri
can Mining Congress, by sending Secre
tary Shaw to represent him before that
body, made its report, which was adopt
ed by a rising vote.
It was decided that President Richards
should appoint a committee of fifteen
members of the congress whose duty It
should be to induce as many members of
the mining congress as possible to visit
the St. Louis Exposition in a body in
charge of this committee. The commit
tee, with Thomas Ewing of Los Angeles
as chairman, was at once selected. Just
before adjournment E. W. Martin, on be
half of the Black Hills Mining Associa
tion, presented to President Richards a
badge of membership in the American
Mining Congress made of Black Hills
gold, as a token of the appreciation and
gratitude for the manner In which h» had
given his services during the past year, in
the furtherance of the Interests of the
American mining industry. /
The close of the sixth annual session
showed 648 accredited and appointed dele
gates to the congress and 241 permanent
members, making a total of 789 legally en
titled to participate In the proceedings.
b'peclal Dispatch to Tbe Call.
NEW. YORK. Sept. 12.— Dorothy Scott,
a pretty San Francisco heiress, is the
latest recruit to the company which will
support Nat C. Goodwin In "A Midsummer
Night's Dream." Miss Scott, who is a
relative of the lat» Irving M. Scott. Is 18
years of age. She was an undergraduate
of fashionable Mills College last spring
when Goodwin visited San Francisco. The
comedian heard her sing and recite at an
amateur musicale and offered her an en
gagement In hi* company. Miss Scott's
parents objected to • a stage career, but
tears on the part of the young woman and
compliments from the comedian prevailed
and an extended contract was signed, by
the terms of which Miss Scott, will be neen
for several seasons with the Goc dwtn com
pany.
A French governess, an English chape
ron and a German maid will accompany
the young woman on her tour with "A
Midsummer Night's Dream." : '
"Who is that man back there asking for
a postponement?" Inquired St. Peter as
the candidates crowded around him.
"That's Swearemoff. the famous crim
inal lawyer." replied tha first assistant.
"We'll grant him a change of venue."
said the saint grimly. •
A moment later the dial on the auto- „
matic gate of the chute registered another
passengers- Cleveland Plain Dealer.-
Directors— Hon. J. H. Richards. Boise
Idaho; Colonel Thomas Ewintr, Los Ange
les; Richard C. Patterson, Omaha; Hon.
John T. Grayson, Portland, Or.; Colonel
Edward F. Brown, Aspen,- Colo.; John
Dem, Salt Lake City: Dr. John Holmes,
Raleigh, N. "C: James Lynch. Butte,
Mont.; John Gray. Terraville, 8. D. Offi
cers; President. Hon. J. H. Richards of
Boise; first vice president, Colonel Thomas
Ewing of Los Angeles; second vice presi
dent, Richard C. Patterson of Omaha;
third vice president. Colonel. J. T. Gray
son of ¦ Portland, Or. i treasurer, Thomas
Kins Malr of Portland. Or.; secretary,
Irwln ' Mahon of Carlisle, Pa.
\ Several resolutions were adopted, among
which 'was one to recommend to the leg
islatures of the several States and Ter
ritories the enactment of laws to afford
better ' protection to - life and limb of per
sons employed in and about mines. The
subject of increasing the membership in
the congress was brought up by Richard
C. Patterson of Omaha, who succeeded in
arousing the first burst of genuine en
thusiasm during the present session and
whose presentation of the purposes of the
organization and the essentials to Its
future progress had the effect of adding
immediately a score of new permanent
members to the congress, . for which the
congTess tendered him a vote of thanks.
President Richards expressed the con-
The following ticket for the ensuing
year, the unanimous recommendation of
the committee on nominations, was elect
ed by a rising vote of .the congress:
OFFICERS ELECTED.
DEADWOOD, 8. D., Sept. 12.— The
American" Mining Congress to-day re
elected J. H. Richards of Boise, Idaho,
president of the coming year, selected
Portland, Or., as the place at which to
hold the annual session in 1904 and ad
journed.
The recommendation of Portland as the
next meeting place came In the form of a
motion by Mr. Patterson of Omaha, and
no other city was suggested. Professor
•J. A. Holmes, chief of the Bureau of
Mines and Mining of the St. Louis exposi
tion, who came to the congress with the
purpose of endeavoring to secure the next
session at St. Loulsl seconded the motion,
and Portland's selection was made unani
mous. A particular brand of enthusiasm
peculiar to mining men which the mere
presence of such a great number of rep
resentatives of the mining Industry from
all parts of the United States seemed to
show could not be lacking here, but which
had not characterized the earlier days of
the proceedings, to-day's interesting ses
sions showed had only been lying dor
mant or working beneath the surface. It
only needed a spark of life to ignite it
and set the congress aglow with a typical
miner's ardor and adjournment came with
every one feeling the greatest satisfaction
in the results of the sixth annual session.
Unity and Glemrood send reports of
farms under water and great damage to
crops.
The through north-bound limited on the
Wisconsin Central Railroad from Chicago
was still at Abbottsford late to-day. It
should have passed! here at 3 o'clock this
morning, but was held on account of bad
washouts on the main line between Ab
bottsford, Medford and Chelsea, where it
is reported rain descended in torrents for
some hours, washing 1 out the track badly
and delaying all through trains In
definitely.
Merrill, Wis., reports the worst elec
trical storm In years. The Wisconsin
River is high and sixty feet of track of
the Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul
Railroad Is washed out at Pine River.
Rural mail carriers were unable to go
over their routes because of washed-out
bridges.
Mondova, Buffalo County, reports $30,
000 damage. - . ,
MILWAUKEE, Sept. 12.— A Sentinel
dispatch from Augusta, Wis., says that
town and its vicinity are flooded, the re
sult of a cloudburst. The levee went out
and the floods swept through the center
of the town, carrying everything before
it., The greatest losers are Finch, Worth
& Co.; Brown Brothers, wagon makers,
building and contents; Taggart & Mohr,
farm implements, building and contents;
J. L. Ball, electric light plant; John An
derson, one building; Cox Brothers Com
pany, barns and sheds; O'Brien, livery sta
ble. No estimate of the loss can be made
until the water recedes. Every railroad
running through the Northwest Is crip
pled from washouts.
Portland Chosen for Its
* Meeting Place for
Next Year.
Cloudburst Sends Rag
ing Torrents Over
Levee.
San Francisco Miss to
Begin Stage
Career.
.As. the vocation is that which calls a
man day by day, the avocation is that
which calls him away from his chosen
task and necessary pursuits, that which
turns him aside from the beaten path.-
There are not a few illustrations of the
avocation proving. In the long run, the
better, the more desirable, the more truly
remunerative of the two, says a writer In
the July Cosmopoutan. Tnis country will
long recall with gratitude the great ser
vices rendered in its behalf by Edward
Atkinson, economist and statistician, so
ciologist and humanitarian by avocation;
by vocation, an accountant. No one may
doubt that the name of Stedman, the
poet, the man of letters, will continue a
household word, standing for all that is
charming and sympathetic, yet Intelligent
and discerning In literary work and criti
cism, long after our children have for
gotten that he was a banker. The avo
cation of Elihu Burrltt— linguistic ¦ re
search soon outran the vocation of black
smith, though he carried the title of
"Learned Blacksmith" to his grave. Pe
ter Cooper was never so deep in his busi
neES as to forget or to slight his almost
lifelong study of the needs of the youth of
New York ouy. When Abram .Hewitt
died, many were surprised to know that
he had been a' great and successful Iron
master, so thoroughly had his avocation
of public service overshadowed his origi
nal calling. Robert Grant turns from hia
honored position on the bench, and Weir
Mitchell from his marvelous success in
his chosen profession, to delight us with
word pictures in fascinating tales. Exam
ples could be multiplied almost without
number of those whose power and Influ
ence have been enlarged,. whose hold upon
the confidence and esteem of their fellow
men has been strengthened, and whose
lives have been most remarkably Intensi
fied by the results of constant and faith
ful devotion to an avocation wisely chosen
In their earlier years.— New York Com
mercial/ !
Vocation and Avocation.
MINING CONGRESS
ENDS SESSION
FLOOD SWEEPS
THROUGH TOWN
DOROTHY SCOTT
JOINS GOODWIN
and returned to work barefooted. A so
vere hailstorm came up fc and Mr. Asher.
alighted from his wagon the better to
manage his team of startled horses. As
he stood there his feet were buried in six
inches of hail and were badly frostbitten.
The Clergyman's Advice.
"Sir," he said, as he stalked into the
clergyman's study, "you are the man who
tied the knot. I believe."
"I beg your pardon," said the clergy
man, looking up from his sermon.
"You performed the marriage ceremony
for me, didn't you?'
"Yes, certainly, Mr. Willlngs. What,
may I ask — "
"Then you know what the rights of a
husband are?"
"Why. yes, in a general way."
"And the riehts of a wife?"
"Of course."
"Well now, sir." said the caller, draw
ing a chair up to the clergyman's desk
and taking a seat, "has a wife a license
to torture her husband?"
"Certainly not."
"If she makes his life miserable he has
redress, of course?"
"Yes; but 1 should advise — "
"Never mind your advice now. We'll
come to that later. My wife complains
that I don't ehave often enough."
"Oh. that's a small matter."
"Is it. sir! Is it! Just wait! I told
her that that was my affair, and then
she taueht the children to cry when'. I
kissed them bo that she could say that
tny rough chin hurt them."
"That hardly showed a Christian—"
"Wait a minute! Yesterday morning I
found them playing with the cylinder of
a broken music box. You know how that
Eeems to the touch?
"Certainly."
"Well, she'd taught them to call it
'Papa's chin.'"
"Really, eir. I must admit—"
""Walt till I'm through. To-day one of
them eot up on my knee, passed his little
hand over my chin and called It 'Papa's
music box.' Now, elr, I ask you as a
Christian man. and as the man who tied
the knot what shall I dor
"Get ehaved." replied the clergyman
softly a« he returned to his work. —
Brooklyn Eagle.
"Can you speak English?" frantically
asked an American woman, rushing up
to the clerk of a New York postefflce last
week. Having spent the last year trav
eling about Europe, this question had
been the v?u«t preliminary to all business
transactions during that time, and from
cufitota she repeated it here.— New York
Trlbcne. :
Beal or AffectedP
WASHINGTON, Sept 12.— Rear
Admiral Casey, recently de
tached from the command of
the Pacific squadron, was re
tired yesterday on account of
ag-e, after forty-seven years' active ser
vice. Captain Charles J. Barclay, com
manding the Pupet Sound Navy Yard,
will become a rear admiral.
Captain B. P. Lambert, who Is ordered
to command the South Atlantic squad;
ron, now stands at the "head of the list of
captains and will become a rear admiral
on the retirement of Rear Admiral
Ketnpff on October 1L
• - -r
Ends Forty-Seven Years
of Active Service in
the Navy.
NAVAL OFFICER WHO HAS
* RETIRED AFTER YEARS OF
-. SERVICE.
But an extraordinary thing has occur
red. The President's secretary, Loeb, has
written a letter to Colgate Hoyt declaring
that neither Sir Thomas nor any of his
jiarty must come to the dinner. Loeb an
nounced that Sir Thomas had recently
been received as guest on the President's
yacht Mayflower during the naval maneu
vers at Oyster Bay and that the President
did not want to seem to be "overdoing
courtesies to him. and It might be thought
that Sir Thomas' presence at the dinner
was due to the fact that the President
v.as to be there. Anyhow the President
objected to the presence of Sir Thomas
or any of his party or of any persons ex
cept members of the club.
The committee was aghast. If it with
drew its invitation to Sir Thomas and his
party that act would be an insult to them.
If it allowed the invitations to stand the
President would refuse to attend. The
President's letter was written in unmis
takable lansruajre; neither Sir Thomas nor
any of his party must be at the dinner.
Just how the^committee arrived at its de
cision it is impossible to say.'buf the ln
vitatrons to. Sir Thomas, Mr. Fife, the-
Earl of Shaftesbury" and other members
of the party were withdrawn.
The Seawanhaka-Corinthian Clubhouse
Is on the shore of Oyster Bay, net far
from Mr. Roosevelt's home. As the time
for the club's annual dinner approached
it occurred to the members that It would
be courteous and neighborly to Invite the
PreFident as guest of honor. In further
ance of that kindly thought Colgate Hoyt,
senior member of the committee having:
the matter in charge, went In person to
Sagamore Hill and delivered the Invita
tion.
In order to serve Mr. Roosevelt's con
venience he was requested toTiame a time
when he would be free from engagements,
eo that the club might arrange to have
its dinner on that date.
The President accepted the invitation
and named September 18. A few days ago
the committee sent invitations to the din
ner to Sir Thomas Llpton, Mr. Fife, the
Earl of Shaftesbury and another member
of his party. Sir Thomas and his friends
gladly accented the invitation. The club
made ready to receive and entertain them.
NEW YORK, Sept. 12.— President Roose
velt Is responsible for the first rough dis
courtesy experienced by Sir Thomas Lip
ton In this country. The President has
forced the Seawanhaka-Corinthian Yacht
Club to withdraw invitations to a dinner
which It had Issued to Sir Thomas and
his friends.
Sped&I Dispatch to The Call.
Bases His Action on Ground That He
Had Extended Sufficient Cour
tesies to Shamrock's
Owner.
Chief Executive Asks That
Sir Thomas and Party Be
Excluded.
Yacht Club Yields to
President Roosevelt's
. Desire.
WITHDRAWS
INVITATION
TO LIPTON
ADMIRAL
CASEY IS
RETIRED
THE SAN . FBAK CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBEB 13. 1903.
29
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"DIAMOND MARKET
AFFECTED."
This was predicted about one year ago
Time alone has proven the assertion, but"
like all former triumphs of science this
wonderful gem (Sapph Diamond) baa had
to prove Its way to victory. •
These gems so closely rival the real dla-
mond in hardness that they are cut in
the name manner, receiving that high
polish which causes them to burst forth
with that prismatic fire and brilliancy so
characteristic of the real product. J. c
DAVIDSON has but one agency estab-
lished on this coast, and that is at 124
Kearny street, San >'ranci$co, Cal.
"BEWARE"
Of any one offering inferior substitutes
or claiming to represent me.
No electric lights used, "oply at night."
"DAVIDSON'S GEMS"
Are demonstrated side by side with real
gems and guaranteed to retain their phe-
nomenal luster. Reconstructed rubies,
emeralds, sapphires and pearls that
would foil the best of experts.. Direct Im-
porters of Australian and Hungarian
opals.' World's greatest diamond Imita-
tor. J. C. DAVIDSON; catalogues.
ADVERTISEMENTS*
lDOCSCri DUDlC tCAf| I Of
47~Hi B Br m ( S££P BUM f 0 Bl djjld-birth. The thought
of the suffering and danger in store for her, robs the expectant mother
of all pleasant anticipations of the corning event, and casts over her a
shadow of gloom which cannot be shaken off. Thousands of women
have fpund that the use of Mother's Friend during pregnancy robs
confinement of all pain and danger, and insures safety to life of mother
and child. This scientific liniment is a god-send to all women at the
'ime of their most critical trial. Not only does Mother's Friend
carry women safely through the perils of child-birth, but its use
gently prepares the system for the coming event, prevents "morning
sickness," and other dis- ___ _— — _
$1.00 per bottle. Book '
containing valuable information free. ffQ^SE&illE&^&ff&Tl
Tbe Bradfield Regulator Co., Atiaota* Go. B BwkmBZaBW gUli
lUU^iaKMhgwjwffj^^ .i-mrnTnMinnr-^-"' - — — - — ¦nr«.«r l '
I ! [!'<' A^" h- -6'* o/ *' AFIELD f|
I !' ftO* MO PREMIUMS OR PRIZES, BUT A FULL MONEY'S WORTH |
I !!v'' ' ' |l ' 'jllg^SS^>f/ ™ F0R EVERY PEMy YOlJ SPEIV1D - 'N THIS STORE. " j
I j V 1 ,'! 1 1 ' ¦ Good Liberty Silk Priced Low. Dress Shields. Hotel ti
Li 'mi 1 '" 1 I « Inches wide, made of all pure ltal- The pood kind; " perspiration proof; Here's something for you ladles with W
El V 1 ' 1 J^^^f^T^TS^^vyvC^ * • ¦'¦ 1 w ; extra hl % h luster, in blue, pink, made of good stror.se stockinet; wash- tired, sore or tender feet. Made of vel- El
m 'fi\i,i J^^^P^t^M^MM^ I ¦ f 'so w wte and black. At the price cut- able; medium size; now 7c vet finished cotton, fast black; also with H
gl '''V&v v .^^^h^S^^'^fr^ ' ¦ tors; yard C5c DRESS SHIELDS.-Xainsook covered; white feet. The price is low. but the H
I '''^^ss^^^^^^^' ' k ' You Can't Find These Ribbons S& 6 S.^ 8 Sior5 a £a b aVm e S*« ! SK- quaIUy l3 very sood: a palr 12 * c i
1 Most Anywhere. Xtfr. a°t n lni3 to iow prfcl^.^.^sc Have You Seen the Hew Trans- |
frf /"gg&Sy — T~ Neither can you find them fi&JQst, TA«» /«„£- I ,L n *l* n D nr ,l Al n * ± n 11 o l\
| 5^^^^*^^^^---^--- anywhere at the ? e low /^^^ ' "W LOOf( Ll/(e tnS " eQ ' — " Ot parent Collar? H
I *^~ r^^--^ J -'~Z>^ \. Eo™% M >, sllk J& ffeta ; rib - S$n$O SO With the Price. We have the lace for making them, f j
I — —^SP 1^*^?:^^^^. — -— . E "* ln< r n <;S wide, alpaca Hii-U m 1 \i.a* n t hltrhlv nollshed Italian shell Point Venlse lace bar.d. Vj lnchea wide, H
£1 i7T 1 — —^^^^ *.. cream, wnita nnd talarlr ( '»^}j&iJ * lsccd, me Kinu uiat win not puu or <«»«.rti« «*.« », » n v, 1~ j ~ r\ t ut
fl — -"^ ¦ Now..... Yard 1 Op scratch the hair: genuine In looks, but J ew els or nail heads. Our price W
3 -i=s— ==SS2^ ' ' • •- ••—..... a "*J- u c *>-***" n ot in price; six for 15c * ard - oC H
I Boys Will Be Boys. Read, Thin Women! Here's a j® ¦TgS^y3gJSSSud p ffi r* fW* a iS spiritb cor- r J Y Y fn. , H
m r Here is a HOSE SUPPORTER ,» „ „ . r ,. u/.n /_„,„>„<,, . j£k we can be of them-Maie of B 1 / MB f^y,, 1 ]^}^™**!*'??* IFor Boys and GirlS.J [
H T vhich will make them walk and Garment I hat Will Improve Lonsdale cambric; finished H / fiw l h g u^» J ,r h * To thoss that know and t*. U
M W stand erect Stra P s over the J$jf( with an 18-inch flounce and « \t fl B f^er exh ibl ted Made or thousands that don't Q\ €&£> I]
H itfL shoulders and makes them throw Your Form. 4£/H*L trimmed with three rows of X^# JsL* , lm P or L e ,? * a * e £F' 1^ know— Mothers, here 1b' 2tL r 7mS M
13 £& the che.=t out without bindlnp ... uul u ' WifFk Normandy Valenciennes lace large princess hip, double a stocking which la sec- Hri H
®f7 them. Velvet grip clasp, which THE SAHLIN - Perfect WjW\ insertion^andlac^ to match! 6 do . st h e t e1 ? 1 "T ond to none, malle of Wi ftjL W
Ej I.-} will not tear the stockinp-marle SSl form builder and corset &}fflW dust ruffl «: liberal in length f tr^£, nt , front s i eel fit, wtth t ? S it Picked sea island thread; YM J^VH
B '/, of extra strong: webbing-in {V$ combined, leading tailors and width, but small in price he ?' la f m.m bb0I fJ rl T .1^ fast b'ack; double heels. !*» «=bfc< 38
fa black and white and French lisle elas- lit their Karmenta over this 9 r «»««•" you pay double thi3 P rlce > ou cannot t d " krees . f , ,i \\ fWfffl 5-1
M tic. Sizes from 3 to 6 years old. No /<S V form, which gives the (Only one to a customer!) get a better corset. Special 81.OO length- perfect In' every \X^^& B'
H baits here but lull value for your money /W&$k wearer a natural and per- 50c and 75c VeilinaS How 25c detail;' velvet finish; me- U
H when you buy them at this price.... -r,f (\Jj|gr£> feet figure, with the proper Odds and Ends in Summer Goods. m , , f « %v nfr ,<. dium and heavy weight. Try a pair. H
I • ' ¦'. 1 " shapes and curves. Recom- W4IW rttttcj „*** . M v. ade - °, f . extra fine . sl , lk ch L fr °I! > X j and we are convinced that you'll buy S
£ Ir, n., n D n *4-',* nr .* rinnnntmnn* fi&ifi^ mended by leading pby- SHIRT WAIST SUITS, made inches wide; some chenille and hand no others- all sizes * n-*O
a In UUr fettlCOat Uepartment. *""n siclans as a health presetv- ot but/ther's linen, elaborate- -jh embroidered dots; also hemstitched bor- no <nners » au slZcS -5e Q
9 Recollections of quali- " ' '"/'/" er, causing no pressure on ly embroidered and lace trim- ders; in white, blue, green, also black. o__,_ u~ m /» J r\£t * c H
I tv remain long after the <fiK%, \-Lii • the lungs or stomach. The »^ l - dotted cheviots, piped /TO Only at the price-cutter's at this price.. Some More Good Offerings From |
j price is forgotten. Here bust is supported inside by horizontal »S's htost «tvl^ Reel &&£ I JoC D,,n r~~* nn , It
1 is one made of imported JS$&«&|&5 bra «S, therefore cannot cave In. and far S 6 a uaUtv marked down J8?L Whv Hot HnvP OnP nt Thp*P UUP H
S fancy strincd sateen. In ¦ padding or Interlining is unnecessary, '^f quallty marked d^V" i^fev WnyHOI nave Une OT I nese . L\DIFS' OO\VNS-\Iide of M
I the new black and white **• t4$S££W' These braces give a natural contour and « S i0 and"si*'Vuit;'ma?ked to Tab Ovprrallrr* A± .lntht, \ r mhrii .hi !.i H
0 striped effect. Trimmed "^77 preserve the shape of the form. The |i' *2° anfl m 9Ulta m »t no s *«r*" IOO UVerCOIiarS. £* double X cambric, the new H
H with deep flounce and finished with two elegance of the chape can be ga}ned. V - 1USO »'«w " **rtfit!i!EP m Made of soft finished Leslie style; square neck; H
S ruffles and six bias folds of tailor Fitters are delighted with the fit Jnct Rprpivnrl thp New Fall ¦ "^jraT lawn; embroidered in silk, ri mpfrfg, trimmed with tucks and em- O
fl stitched bands; generously made in O f the back, as it fits smooth liko .. " t ; oe/ *' eu l " e " vn ' u " S*t in the new cherry and leaf broidery trimmed wing col- M
i width and length. Our price $1.0O a waist and cfoea not show the distinct Mode/S of La Vlda Corsets. V designs; price them else- lar: neck and sleeves trimmed U
I Very Pretty ?SZ8£ ,-,,,„ , SE^ Sa^% rf c S£ *™™™& h ™f^&W^.$*c liSl JSSJT1 J"5528S: 5E I
1 fS 80 yi}?. n you see them. La- erly adjusted passing across the back ' x ""V s ~ onde rful We necd the room and we need >' our Mnrt> Gnnd Rinhnn* ll
1 dies' Kimona, made of Japan- around the hi D s and fastened tight to e i Mt , H t v flni , i.f. ThlhoM money, hence the low price. MOW UOOO fflOOOnS. U
« % ae S r !. pe . cl ? th wl^ e i Tlbr 5 i " the front hold down the abdomen and their sh^n^ T a viHa? Ar2 JK%\ LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS— This sea- The Alamo brand, satin taffeta, high M
i hi JP^tS, dered dots; In ox-blood rod— i nc i Ine the wearer to throw back the ,,,u» r thin !nt h« = /\*m 1 son ' 3 newest styles; made of cheviot luster, sash ribbon width, full 5 inches H
ra E&S41& shirred yoke back and front shoulders. Thev are light and com- h! t L^ tl h» -n?iv \ >^l \ and madras, in stripes and solid colors; wide; In pink, blue, cream, white and H
1 f&PL fn d brS e t S <SSnS a ¥n n . fane? fortable ' also 1!^ ht In P rl "-*1.00 SSeWt^flgu^ot'to Wj «•» «« $2.00 quality Now.. 75c WMtln.t^ of 40c, Monday's and I
i V/T\^- colors. The most fastidious _ ' , contour It. Numerous gores /^*/>/ There Will Be Some Great Do- lueaday s prlce - 5c H
fi ' will b<j pleased with these In .Teneriffe Lace _mm%^ S e^ mlt an exact, set to the ( .^gJ ".£ 4r n u Jim . , Ali; n n~r> I
m style and price 81.75 .,,, . id$ffi8&K ' body and bias cut accentu-^g^y ings in Our Hand Made Lace All in One. J
|»| ...... Wheel MF8iK&&mmm. ates this feature. Made from a n , _. , _ ABDOMINAL PKDUCFR I!
I There Is Every Element of Worth J ra V,V£ifr S£ -WBk SrrtT-f? Vl\ Battenber 9 ™y Depart- an ?^ho S e suppokte^ tfeft |
I h These Cushions. •'«. l£%£&Rl& JJJ' WmB ™<T^!.&t£$i 0 . W.L ,,, . tr . veler ..^ t K«rilS; # §
\i Made of the genuine Turk- fc. JsL lace. Made of extra Thp Vtnnp Thn+ 9/»i/oo Y n ,, M nna ,, file line, one-fourth A ,^V~1.^"' ?'?i\ st j h . a9 J our pieces of fancy it
ish cloth, front and back. &$§} . hard ¦ imported rubber TheStoreThatSavesYouMoney. 1«J. thy original %^gMl ffSuS^&h^ln 1 ? ffi bK jL
a h S ? 3 r^v a t C n^nuY^ Sn* ftM \ P&2 ' FLAN* ELETTE ' Doyfie^ "dies, scarf s. , &gg$®k *" *™ blaCk V R0 baIt9 here ' /1*\ I
S shed ready to rut the p- W|^> „,, „ p . SKIRTS - Made of J/ftlS^PSJ runners and table ! £&if^mJ8$»T but full value for your money.. ' r
J fe low in. At the quick eell- }£r2BP i ' Why Not bet a LOOm striped flannelette. /M\?«iiSs7 squares - Some with *W^ 2Sc |
; g ing price 24c ' ""/ . . ; extra wldo Hounce, PS; l\>VS*SSs7 Wwfn centers and lace Jg§*l£izh? ? %5» - . I
I At Last Thev Have Arrived ' <M Tf"' 1 " ' - h »™"S P^«-:" IMMW a^kSr,^. 11 °S JF#^ Every Lady m the Land Knars I
I m ' n %£™» r ™£ ES . 'K^fc^^ Sa.-rjWTSS flggflSfr i-c What Great Demand There
' >^»S7»^Sfcv WOVEN TIPPED" FIN- ''J^^^^^^^r^'^''^^ ffV* and ra y- At the^^- 1^-^^ 43c quality; now Uoc /<: in Herb Chain* f
!«§i^^^^ GERED GLOVES. Made n>in ! [ia!liLm ¦' " ." W price cutter's.... 43« . . 50c quality; now :«5c IS in H6CK LnOWS. I
I 2' i&i? * 4$2f of suede lisle, patent To make' up your own Indtan bead o-.J~~ ~~J M~4L~m~l ' 75c Quality: now rVOe ¦uuu. — Apd here are some far un-
1 5 V~ two-cliisp, stitched back; work, which is in such demand now? briaeS ana lYIOtnerS! $1.00 anil $1.23 quality; now T."»« Elslfi derpriced India bead chains:
f in tans, modes, cham- Simple and easy "to work. For making -. Here Is some fine em- Many others at the same low price. JHJggK In blue, white and large and
pagne also black and white colors Sizes belts, neckwear, chains, etc. Price.. U5c *\ fffi broidery needle work, made Ynn Mnv n* WpII Rp Gilt nf the small beads; full 72 inches
i from A2 to 8. Ki<l in fit and finish, but M „ -, „ n . anT . fmc , ni .,,,.,j. nn cunbrlts and nainsooR '"" May OS Well Dc UUl Ol Ilia i&Sft long; direct trom native
( 1 cool and comfortable. Price 5Oc N « B - Fu11 "sortment of beads. lO^ ?n bU^MrtT pom^a Ik y/u Q * Q f Styfe S&aR^aT^
jj ' ¦' 'A *>• yfi 1 openwork ra*terns not the rruiiu Ui UUl ui \iiyic. B4sS§3L ITALIAN BEAD CHAINS
% Low Prices Are Better Than Why Make Them dt Home? %$£ pS^k.nd at a^iow p ? ce. i£%\\^£?e\? F £% MR &fSfc^ l^5?^ife
J Arguments. rf\ dr KfX5 r rK J&S' Some a ™ ad 64 e ?fcffi H| i^SST^^^^
I sivfiXK 'These values do their own \*y LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS like 25c and 35c quality, now. 20c *"/*¦ **•-' HV long; hemstitched and ™*MwS change for your money
s *4^j5i\ talking. .See the goods, that's /•'BHU-v these at sutfh-lbw pujces^-mado . 40c and 50c quallty, now ...JtOc > \U* velvet dotted borders: 50c
I JyftnEA aJ1 we a8k you - WflBaA of . Fre « rh J™ n frame alpaca. co c and 75c quality, now 40c '-^VV in navy, brown, also AUSTRALIAN SHELL CHAINS
g! iYiSJQ LADIES' HOSIERY— Made i\« l*Jft \ tnmm cd with straps, tucks and AND OTHERS \f -^j black and white. 4oC Cwhere the pretty shells come from)—
W Wtf^i of Kn P' i6h thread, fast black. v»M.TJ buttons: hiprh-c. ass tailor made: • thp DDIPF PIITTFD High luster, small pointed shells; In
% SH «j Richelieu ribbed, colored em- ] 7/ new sleeve and new shaped I fb HZ OAOF^ D^DlP THE PRICE-GUTTLK pink, blue, green, nile and lavender: -'
\ /§k» li L oldere<1 instep, drop stitched ' M cuffs; detachable collar; .tlsht- « I i |j ij HulvJ^BllifiBi%lfl == full 72 inches long; a chain of these will
1 «Kfj| effect, embroidered in rec only. 3 littinpr lining; in white, bluo \Jr \Jr w-m BtvvLil«K'B«l«V pu t a finish to your dress; price them
i j rMF A "rnit° d quantity, so be and black. Only to be had at _,_ .. , _ f| n » p^^^^|. C f M «l- elsewhere, then come to us and you will
¦ t MS/ prompt if you want them at the quality store at this low olb IVIarKBt OlfCCt. II U rarreSI otrCBt. find how reasonably we sell. Price
J Mr this prite 15c price $2.25 MArL OEDEES SOLICITED. S1.35
ADVEBTISEMESTTS.
lf FafrIy Sparkling In Beer Goodness 11
; w <sfeOOD cJUDGES
OF BEER, DECLARE
Superior from all points cf
view; Possessing absolute par-
ity, proper tge and Honest
Flavor. Adapted to all tastes
according- to Brew «L&.d Brand.
IFCET VUKE FEIVATE STOCK M5CHE5IB
Ask for "BLATZ" at Club or Bar.
TAL. BLATZ BREWING CO., MILWAUKEE
Braunschweiger & Co., me.
5 end 7 DRUMM ST., San Francisco,
Tel. Main 1C40. Wholesale Dealer*.
$S0,000.00
TOBECIVEIMAWAY
Just out! Our magnificent super-
hard, extra loud Columbia cylinder
records. A single sample absolutely
free to every talking machine user,
whether graphophone or phono-
graph. Give us type and make of
your machine and receive a sample
record absolutely free. This offer
good for 30 days' only, to introduce
Colombia Phonograph Co.
125 Geary Street, San Francisco.
468 13th Street, Oakland.
CUTLERY^
EVERyBLADEMRRANTZD
u 1 Q B « W^m*^ ¦
I^uhe'y vegetable, mild «nd reliable. Cause*
p-ei-fect digestion, complete ab»orptt<m and
f b«-i!!ihful regularity.
E For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver. Bowels, Kidneys. Bladder, Female Ir-
ri«re]aiit!es. Sick Headache. Etliouunees, Con-
etlpaticn. Piles and all derangements of tiie
Internal Viacera. 2.V a box. At druggists or
**» «a*U- KAinvAT * CO.. New York, JLATE HISTORIAN WHOSE POSTHUMOUS VOLUME IN THE CARLYLE
CONTROVERSY. HAS PROVOKED A REPLY, SOON TO BE PUB
LISHED. ENTITLED "THE NEMESIS OF FROUDE."
The King of Portugal has been made an admiral of the British navy. English statesmen
evidently believe that in times of peace it is not wise to prepare for war, . .
Lecture for Teachers.
A lecture will be given under the aus
pices of the Teachers' Club at Occidental
Hall. 305 Larkin street. Monday. Septem
ber 14. at 8 p. m.. on the subject,. "My
Recent Trip to the Orient." AH teachers
are Invited. - •
No csty, ambitious of its future, strives to keep out transportation facilities, and so far social
ism has nowhere efficiently supplied those conveniences which are constructed by private capital in
the hope of gain.
The issue, in Alameda has reached the mass-meeting,, denunciation and injunction stage, and
charges against the Town Trustees are freely bandied about the streets, which no sober-minded citi
zen believes.- It would seem in order to cool off, look atthe matter with common business sense, and
do those things which will" keep the pleasant.town in marching order on the progressive road it has
so far traveled. .
The Call is not celebrated at home or abroad for its excessive love of the Southern Pacific,
and is as ready to oppose unjust pretensions of that corporation as it is to advise the people of Ala
meda that the day has gone by, if indeed it ever was, when a city can advance its interests by driv
ing out transportation facilities: That pleasant city exists at all because of its very abundant • local
railroad-and ferry facilities. -It has two lines of local road, while Oakland and Berkeley have only
one each, and it has', by these lines, the choice of three ferry systems, the Alameda, Oakland and
creek routes. The supplying of these abundant advantages involves a very large investment. Under
the law, at the termination of a franchise the terminal facilities may be alienated by public sale to
.a competitor, and under such circumstances it is natural that a franchise should be sought of a
tenure sufficiently lon.g to justify the large investment necessary for its use.
Of course the primary purpose of the railroad is to make a profit. But the secondary purpose
of the franchise is to continue to Alameda her present facilities and to enlarge them as may
be necessary. The railroad hopes that the number of its commuters will increase and its profits also,
but that means the attraction of more people to Alameda by the facilities it supplies. Under 'these cir
cumstances to refuse a franchise, or to put it under unbusinesslike limitations, appears like inflicting
more harm upon Alameda than upon the. railroad. To do this in furtherance of the socialistic theory
seems an amazing proposition. To anticipate that Alameda will create a railroad and ferry system of
her own, under socialistic conditions, and that to do so she will immediately oust, end and destroy her
present facilities, is fantastic. The immediate effect would be a large decrease in her population the
vacation of property now occupied by commuters, a decline in her local trade and a general disturb
ance of her existing prosperous conditions. .. . ' ¦l'..\./ l . .
In regard to the franchise a misunderstanding has arisen which is taken advantage of by the
socialist element, and in the public discussions we read the spokesmen of that part of the popula
tion, to the effect that it will be an excellent thing to drive the railroad out of Alameda entirely, for
then the city will supply its own system of transportation and live happy ever after.
IN the rebuilding of its ferry-house and betternjents of its service in Alameda it has become
necessary for the Southern Pacific railroad to make large expenditures and to secure its fran
chise for the use of the property. We know of no valid objections to the character of its ser
vice. The facilities it has furnished have enabled the settlement in Alameda of four thousand
commuters, who do business in San Francisco. If we were selfishly seeking to further the interests
of San Francisco we would advocate such antagonism to the railroad in Atameda as would force
these four thousand commuters, and their families, to come back to San Francisco, where their busi
ness is. They would make an appreciable addition to the consuming power of this city, where they
earn their living. But they prefer to livejn Alameda, and their preference is supported by the facili
ties furnished by the railroad, which has two lines running through that city, which is only about a
mile wide. The cost of running the local trains to supply that service, leaving out the ferry-boats,
interest on capital and deterioration, approximates $100,000 a year.
SOCIALISTS AND THE RAILROADS.
Should the citizens of Dublin decide to
accept Mr. Andrew Carnegie's offe- of
£28.000 ($140,000) for a free library It will
be interesting to watch the experiment
of turning Dublin Into a reading commu
¦nlty. From the bookseller's point of view
Dublin for its size is the worst city in the
United Kingdom. Leaving out the second
hand bookshops which cling to the streets
near the quays,, the bookshops in Dublin
where good" current literature can be ob
tained have to.be searched for, so lament
ably few in number are they. .The enter
prising managers who push the sale of a
certain encyclopedia had to confess In
print not long. ago, that their trip to Dub
lin, was practically a failure. Oddly
enough, while, Dubllners do not buy books
they support four morning and' three
evening papers, besides a host of miscel
laneous weeklies.
One announcement which is already cre
ating interest In social as well as jour
nalistic circles 13 that a book Is being
prepared dealing with "Ye Ancient So
ciety of Cogers," which celebrates Its
150th year in January next. All these
years without a break "Ye Ancient So
ciety" has met every Saturdcy night for
debate and other things in a room in
Salisbury Square. This record will con
tain unpublished legends of the society's
heroes. "Ye Ancient Society" is the sole
survivor of the debating societies of the
seventeenth and eighteenth centuries. One
of the oldest I members was the famous
Mayor Sir Richard Glynn. Then Curran,
Keogh and O'Brien were among Its Irish
debaters. Lord Denman, Lord Russell of
KUlowen, Lord Halsbury, Sir Edmund W.
Byrne and Sir Edward Clark, K. C. have
been or are among its lawyers. In litera
ture the membership roll has contained
or contains Charles Dickens, James Han
nay and T. P. O'Connor, and In oratory
Father William Burke. »
"Idylls of the King"— the story of what
he considers Wagner's masterpiece. He
has followed the opera as closely as was
consistent with his epic plan.
The legend of the Holy Grail. In which
Parsifal plays his part, took many forms
during the Middle Ages. It was told in
slightly varying ways in the twelfth cen
tury by the French writers, Robert de
Borron and Chrestlen de Troyes, and In
the early thirteenth century by Wolfram
von Eschenbach In the strong German
speech of Thuringia. The substance of
these legends was that the precious cup
used for the wine at the Last Supper
and also used to' receive the Savior's
blood at the cross was forever after cher
ished as the Holy Grail. It was carried
from the Holy Land by Joseph of Ari
mathea and taken first to Gaul and later
to Spain to a special sanctuary among the
mountains which was named Monsalvat.
Here It was to be cherished and guarded
by a holy band of Knights of the Grail.
The same legend appears In the chron
icles of Sir Thomas Malory, but Instead
of Gaul early Britain is the place to
which the Grail is taken. Tennyson's
"The Holy Grail" in his "Idylls of the
King" largely follows Sir Thomas Mal
ory's chronicles.
Wagner, on the other hand, followed
more closely in the steps of Wolfram von
Eschenbach. The present version, there
fore, is Wagnerian In story, though Ten
nysonlan In style.
It Is so painstaking and scholarly a per
formance that one hates to say to Mr.
Huckel what Jeffrey said to Wordsworth,
"This will never do." Perhaps Mr. Huckel
may console himself with the thought
that the world has decided that Jeffrey
was wrong.
From the opening lines of his work the
world may Judge for itself whether tfils
carefully polished but quite uninspired
verse will do as a paraphrase of Wagner
or an Imitation of Tennyson:
Within a noble stretch of mountain woods.
Primeval forest, deeD and dark and grand.
There rose a glorious castle towering high.
And at Its foot a smiling, shimmering; lake
Lay in the Etlll lap of a verdant glade.
'Twas daybreak, and the arrows of the dawn
¦Were shot In golden glory through the trees.
And from the castle came a trumpet blast
To waken life in all the s'.umberlng host —
Warriors and yeomen in the castle halls.
LONDON, Sept. 12.— One of the
most barefaced literary frauds
that can be recalled has Just
been perpetrated on . the Lit
erary "World. It was discoi-ered
by the editor of the Academy
that the article entitled "Dual Personali
ties." signed "A. N. t " which appeared in
the Literary World, was taken bodily
from so recent an issue of the Academy
cs February 14 last. Naturally the editor
of the Literary World feels very sore at
the fraud perpetrated on him and he says
this week's matter will be the subjec^ of
a judicial investigation.
The Literary World, he continues, has
often printed In Its correspondence col
umn many bitter complaints about the
ead behavior of the editors, but very little
is ever said of the grievous frauds some
times perpetrated upon the editors by
contributors.
This la a particularly flagrant one. An
individual writing from a, well-known
West End club submitted a number of
typewritten .articles to the editor, who,
suspecting nothing, accepted one of them
and promised to consider the others. No
sooner, however, had the first appeared
than the Academy spotted a barefaced
fraud. The editor of the Literary World
betook himself to Scotland Yards, so he
says, and obtained some Interesting infor
mation about the antecedents of the per
petrator.
It is premature to say yet what the de
velopments may be, but the article In
question would not have been used so
readily had not the name and the place
from which It was sent appeared quite
sufficient testimony of good faith.
• • •
Some surprise is expressed In literary
circles that a certain weekly paper should
have published a protest by Professor
Kenier of Turin and Dr. Alexander Luzio,
director of the Royal Archives at Man
tua, against the use made of their writ
ings in Mrs. Ady's book on Beatrice and
Isabclle d'Este, which have received most
congratulatory reviews as being Invalu
able to all those interested In the life and
art of the Italian Renaissance. But the
point In question seems to be how far
one author is Justified In quoting from
others. It is not as if It were a case of
plagiarism. As the St. James. Gazette re
marks, surely an Italian writer, say on
Charles of England, would be well en
titled by literary etiquette to avail him
self of the writings of an authority such
as Dr. Gardiner and others, provided
acknowledgment was made. ;
Now. Mrs. Ady most distinctly acknowl
edges her indebtedness to the gentlemen
who protest against what she has done
both In her list of authorities and her
foot notes, while in the prefaces of both
books she pays explicit and unreserved
tribute to them as the latest and greatest
authorities on her subject.
• • •
Sir James Crlchton Browne and Alex
ander Carlyle have finished their reply to
Froude's posthumous volume on the Car
lyle controversy. Lane is now printing
"The Nemesis of Froude," as the reply
is entitled. It may be looked for some
time in September. It is said to be reso
lute and frank, as indeed the discussion
has been all through.
• • •
I am sorry to record the death after a
long Illness of Lord Leighton's sister,
Mrs. Sutherland Orr. a close friend of
Robert Browning. She compiled a most
helpful handbook to the works of Robert
Browning, which ran through several edi
tions. She also wrote an authoritative
biography of that poet, and several years
ago she contributed sundry articles on
philosophical topics to the Contemporary
Review.
• • »
Mr.' Huckel has undertaken ,to retell-
In blank verse modeled upon Tennysonlan
iinM and otherwise reminiscent of the
"On June 13 last. In company with M.
Gulnoiseau— one of the observers of the
French commission— I made the ascent of
Pelee, and from the immediate crater rim
took a series of? photographs of Pelee's
singular process, probably the most- Im
pressive piece -of nature that I had ever
seen. The volcano, by comparison with
what it had been before, had 'slumbered
down to peace,' but yet It was too ac
tive to permit us to descend Into the cra
teral hollow, 300 to 350 feet In depth, that
doubtless that which is now
taking place — the pushing forth from Its
summit of an enormous obelisk of pol
ished rock as a cork Is pushed from a
soda water bottle by the expanding gas
within. This- wonder is thus described in
Science (August 7) by Professor Angelo
Hellprin. He says:
"Not the least remarkable of the many :
extraordinary conditions that have been j
associated with the recent eruptions of
the Martinique volcano is the extrusion
of the giant tower of rock, a veritable
obelisk, which to-day dominates the moun
tain, and which has given to it an added
height of S00 to 900 feet. Pelee is no
longer 4200 or 4428 feet in elevation, which
it had been, prior to the eruption of May
8, 1902, but upward of 5000 feet. This tower
of rock, the nature of ¦ which was first
properly made known by Professor La
crolx. Issues directly, and to all intents
and purposes vertically, from the summit j
of .the new cone of the volcano (of what
ever precise nature this cone may be)
which Has been built up In the ancient,
crateral-basln (the Etang Sec) to a height
of 1G00 feet or more, and virtually plugs
it. Where it Is Implanted it has a thick
ness of some 3C0 to 350 feet. From certain
points of view the obelisk seems to main
tain for most of Its height (S00 plus
feet) a fairly uniform thickness; from
other points It shows a rapidly tapering
surface, with a termination in a needle
summit, a true aiguille. It is gently
curved or arched toward the southwest,
or in the direction of St. Pierre, and on
this face It is cavernous or openly slaggy,
showing- where successive and repeated
explosions had carried away portions of
the substance. On the opposite side, or
toward the east-northeast, the surface
appears solid, Is smoothed and even pol
ished in part, and shows longitudinal par
allel grooves. and striae, very- much like
glacial markings. On this side it shows
plainly the marks of hard attrition, the
effect of rubbing upon the encasing rock
— the mold, in fact, that determined a por
tion of the exit channel.
"The constitution of this extruded
'cork' is undeniably lava— a lava whose
viscosity or rapid solidification did not
permit it to flow over, but which under'l
the giant stress of the volcano simply
moved upward, solid from base to sum
mit, and receiving accretions to its mass
only from below. The most cursory ex
amination of the' relations existing would
immediately point to this form of growth
and • development, but the carefully con
ducted angle measurements and observa
tions of contour made by the represent
atives at two stations of the French Sci
entific Commission leave no possibility
of doubt in the matter, and they further
furnish .us with data touching the rate of
growth. Thus, in eight days -preceding
June 7 this growth was, . as we are in
formed by M. Glraud, ten meters (thir
ty-three feet); and in the four days
preceding June 15 (a period within the
time of my recent visit to the volcano) it
measured six meters (twenty feet). .The
consideration of the depth to which this
giant monument descends solid into the
volcano "would be interesting were there
any way of. reaching the problem, but
for the present there would seem to be
none such. • • -
nosan HE strangest event connected
w ' - H with the recent activity of
M Mont Pelee, not even except
p Ing its sensational annihilation
¦££a of the city of St. Pierre, is
The model of this novel railway train
consists of some eighteen feet of track
and a small car which runs backward
or forward magnetically suspended, and
with an ease that Is remarkable. Briefly,
the whole Invention is the solving of the
problem of subtracting weight, by the alii
of powerful magnet3. To understand how
this' is accomplished let us suppose that
a train weighs 'twenty tons. Then. If we
use magnets possessing an attraction suf
ficiently powerful to raise eighteen tons,
the weight of the train will be reduced
to two tons. Th.en. as may be readily
understood, when the magnetic force is
turned on, the train would sll.lo aions
the rails with a friction equal to one
tenth of the original weight of the train.
At first glance it might seem that
whatever Is gained by the reduction oi
locomotive power must be applied to the
establishment of magnets strong enough
to lift a given weight. .But tfci3 .la not
so. Five hundred amperes, for example,
will lift at least sixty tons, the moving
of which ordinarily requires a steam, lo
comotive, but which, suspended, can be
drawn by a /ew horse-power. The' cur
rent for the purpose could be picked up
from a wire along the track or • from
storage batteries placed In the cars.
There Is at the present time on view at
Cable Building. New York, says The
Sphere, a model of a magnetically sus
pended train which has reached approxi
mately the terrific speed of three hun
dred miles an hour. The Invention la at
tracting considerable attention amon;
railway engineers, and capitalists arc
even now endeavoring to secure right
of way for a practical line of thfci kind.
The invention Is the work of D*r. A. C.
Albertson, a prominent member of tna
Royal University of Copenhagen.
*--; • '.-,•
"Geologists will naturally make a com
parison between the Pelee structure anil
that which was observed to rise In
Georgois, in Santorin, In 1S67; but the
dome of the latter is probably nearer to
the cone of Pelee. and suggests little of
the obelisk and of its method of forma
tion."
still surrounded the new cons. ' Steam and
sulphur puffs were Issuing everywhere,
and avalanches of rock were repeatedly
being disengaged from the obelisk. Pelee
was still 'ugly,' and the night before the
southwest base of Its crown or plug was
glowing with fire— with the liquid lava
that was rising In rift passages. -Two
days later I noted a feeble line of steam
issuing from the absolute apex of thf
summit, suggesting a continuous passage
or channel extending from base to sum
mit. On March 26 a discharge of in
candescent balls was observed also to
take place from the same position.
TWO VIEWS OF MONT PELEE ILLUSTRATING ITS REMARKABLE
INCREASE IN HEIGHT, AND A MODEL OF A LATE INVENTION, A
MAGNETICALLY SUSPENDED TRAIN.
The revelation is as singular as it is interesting. It exhibits the extent to which leaders, am
bitious for power, have gathered to themselves, by the binding force of an oath, a jurisdiction that
usurps the fjface of both civil and spiritual^ ealty. It goes without saying that such control of any con
siderable body of our people separates them from their fellow-citizens, both morally and politically, and
prepares them for use against the authority and supremacy of the state. The matter becomes exceed
ingly serious, in view of the enormous foreign immigration which immediately recruits the ranks of
union labor and is taught that there is in this country an allegiance superior to that to the Govern
ment itself. When this idea is reinforced by personal violence, unpunished, by compelling men to
resign from the National Guard, and by other acts that, going unrebuked and unhindered, convince
foreigners that a power superior to the Government is actually here,/ the effect is a matter of
the gravest concern.
All thinking men and genuine friends of labor feel that even the great displays of Labor day
are impressed by the use of a power that dilutes individuality and citizenship, since every member
must march under penalty of a fine, and every one must refrain from work under penalty of a fine
of $25, no matter what may be the necessities of his family. The sight of the marching hosts would
teach a higher lesson if it were known that every man in the ranks was there voluntarily to testify
his allegiance to a great.sentiment. Force belongs to the Government, and jiot to individuals or or- >
ganizations not recognized by the law. When such organizations claim the right of sovereignty
and also the right to absolve men from all religious and civil obligations, it is time tor the well-dis
posed to examine the effect upon our citizenship. Foreign immigration, to be safe and desirable,
must be as rapidly as possible assimilated by our institutions. Otherwise" it remains an undigested
increment and element of danger. To introduce it into the country under the supposed protection of
an oath and an obligation higher than that to the Government is to separate it immediately from
our institutions and assimilate it with a power paramount and inimical to them. Every good Amer
ican citizen in any union should see the enormous gravity of such a. situation and agitate reforms
that put them in line with their country and its constitutional purposes.
Archbishop Ireland and Cardinal Gibbons have already called attention to the denial of a non
union laborers right to work as an offense against society. Such denial is the assertion of power
that the Government itself cannot exercise, for Government cannot deny to any free man the right
©f private contract for the disposal of his labor.
. Justice Brewer wrote the opinion of the United States Supreme Court in the Debs case,' and
therein said, "If a State, with its recognized power of sovereignty, is impotent to obstruct interstate
commerce, can it be that any mere voluntary association of individuals within the limits of that State
has a power which the State itself does not possess?"
The question answers itself and the court so held. Applying the principle to denial of the right
to labor under private contract this self-answering question may be asked: "If a State, with its rec
ognized power of sovereignty, is impotent to prevent any man laboring under a private contract,
can it be that any mere voluntary association of individuals within the limits of tha^ State has a
power which the State itself does not possess?"
It will be seen that the idea of an allegiance to a power superior to the State is necessary to
effect the purposes of the union oath, to which first the State and now the church objects.
DURING the investigation of the case of, Miller, the bookbinder- foreman in the Govern
ment Printing Office at Washington, it was discovered that the oath of the labor unions,
represented in the Government employ, -forswears their allegiance to the constitution of
the United States, and that the members regarded their national allegiance as secondary.-
It was quite remarkable that at first they all determined to stand upon this paramodnt allegiance to
the unions, and the matter assumed an..aspect so serious that an order was issued for them all to take
the oath of allegiance to the .constitution of the United States, the same as other" Government em
ployes. Of course this means that they must abjure allegiance to their unions if they desire to work
for the Government. But the union oath remains upon the far larger number who are not in Gov
ernment employ, and presents a revolutionary issue that must attract attention. It^is not permitted
that an American citizen hold any civil obligation higher than that imposed upon him by the con
stitution, in his character as a citizen. The action of the Government seems to have called the at
tention of the Catholic church to the matter and the discovery is made that the same oath of the
unions requires priority of obligation and allegiance superior to any religious as well as political
authority. It is announced that Bishop Scannell of Omaha and high dignitaries of the church in Mil
waukee and Kansas City have decided to withhold the sacraments from all who have taken such
an oath.
THE CHURCH AND THE STATE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . ¦ . . . . . . . . v .' . . .. Address Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager
SUNDAY..... ...:;.... i...... ....... v^..... ....../I..... .^EPTEMBER 13, 1903
Publication Office -<t£fnll§l|t> Third and Market Streets, S. F.
THE SAN FEAKCISCO CALL, SUHDAY, , SEPTEMBER 13, 1903.
PELEE ADDS TO HEIGHT
By Pushing Forth From Its Summit
HUGE, POLISHED OBELISK.
"NEMESIS OF FROUDE,"
Soon to Be Published in London,
IS REPLY TO HISTORIAN.
30
Townsend"s California rlace fruits and
candles. 60c a pound, in artistic fire-
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bldg •
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping: Bureau (Allen's). 220 Cali-
fornia street. Telephone Main IOCS. . •
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close; on September 24,
1903, and all holders of Atlas
Crupcns are requested to pre-
sent them immediately, as this
gTeat 'opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates , ; will be
brought to a dose on Seotecx-
ber 24.Ringllng Bros.' great show drew tremen
dous crowds yesterday at both afternoon
and evening performances. At the night
performance the huge canvas was packed
to its fullest capacity, many being obliged
to stand during the entire evening. So
ciety was out in great force, the boxes be
ing crowded with elegantly dressed men
and women.
A large number of people spent the
nvhole evening enjoying the many wonders
of the animal kingdom that fill the big
menagerie tent. The great herd of ele
phants and the big band of camels all
came in for attention and admiration, but
the most attention was devoted to the
three little baby lions that were born in
the tent on Thursday night. Although but
two days old, they have commenced to
frolic about the cage like little kittens.
Their arrival caused a great sensation
among all the other little baby animals in
the lnclosure, and they , all evinced the
greatest interest in the new addition to
their kingdom. They all Insisted on be
ing allowed to be taken to the cage to see
the little cubs and Join in the christening
ceremonies. A procession of the young
sters was formed, and with great dignity
they marched up to the home of the new
comers.
First came baby elephant Boo, eight
months old. followed by baby camel Miss
Sahara, six months old; baby sacred calf
Little Tom, three months old; little spot
ted fawn London, three months old; the
three baby lion cubs, Dexter, Beloit and
Sandy, six months old; the three baly
tiger cubs, Hope, Faith and Charity, three
weeks old, and last waddled along the
two little black leopard kittens, An
tony and Cleopatra.
A circle was formed about the home of
the little strangers, and big elephant Jum
bo, standing in the middle, acted as mas
ter of ceremonies. Without any unneces
sary fuss he announced that the names
of the causes of «.il the commotion would
be Frisco, Alameda and San "Jose. This
was hailed with acclamations of delight
on all sides. When the expressions of en
thusiasm had somewhat subsided Dexter,
the father of the trio, and Sultana, the
mother, gave vent to their appreciation
of the kind reception tendered to their
offspring by a series of thunderous roars
that fairly shook the tent and sent many
of the more timid of the company to seek
Immediate cover.
The reception, which was the most note
worthy that has taken place this season
in the Ringllng show, came to an end at
midnight. .
There will be two performances to-day
and two to-morrow, which will close the
season here. •
Tuesday the circus, will give two per
formances In Alameda and then will go
to San Jose.
There are in use in the United States
1.640,220 railway cars and 41,223 .locomo
tives. Vri^-'t- :.¦¦:¦ .
Wrecked a Sideboard.
Antonio Rossi and V. Rosso, the Italians
who were run down by a switch engine
at Twenty-fourth and Mission streets yes
terday morning, are Improving and both
are out of danger. The men were re
moved to the City and County Hospital
after the accident, and at first it was
thought that both would die. Rossi Is
suffering from a possible fracture of the
skull, but has improved so much that he
is now out of danger. His companion is
also oh the road to recovery.
Engine's Victims Recovering.
Following the example of the police of
France, the police authorities of sections
of Switzerland have recently bought dogs
In order td train them to assist In catch
ing criminals.
Two-Day-Old Bafiy Lions
Attract Great At
tention.
Among the most popular attractions for
the best class of entertainment seekers
are the Sunday night psychic demonstra
tions by Dr. Alex J. McIvor r Tyndall, ex
ponent of th,e occult. Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall
appeals not alone to the'amusement seek
er, but to those who like to unite the in
itructlve with their entertainment. To
this large class Mclvor-Tyndall's lectures
and demonstrations of the wonders of the
human mind are interesting. He offers a
scientific explanation of the phenomena
he presents, and while his faculty of send
ing and receiving thought vibrations is
nothing short of startling, the manner in
which the wonders are produced is strict
ly in accord with scientific principles.
There has been a large demand for re
served seats at Steinway Hall to-night.
The first part of the evening will be de
voted to a lecture on VDlvorce: Its Rela-t
tion to Psychology."
Tyndall's Lectures.
In the high-heel country woman never
walks and is generally but of repair. Driv
ing-that is. being driven— and riding
while young afford many of the fashion
able women of France their principal ex
ercise. Meanwhile, the ultra fashionable
spend their leisure being compressed by
the modiste and being high-heeled by the
shoemaker.
Health statistics in Gaul tell the rest of
the story. What is lacking in one detail
Is apparent to even the untrained eye.
The French woman no longer Juvenile,
Is fat. shapeless. Inert and morgue, cyn
ical, selfish and blase. From being for a
few years "that dear old lady." she de
scends into that "horrid old woman."
This is the fate American girls are pre
paring for themselves by adopting Gallic
stupidity as to the heels and corsage. The
pathologic consequences of these perni
cious vulgarities afford the medical pro
fession the largest proportion of Its rev
enue.— Chicago Chronicle.
The Fate of American Girls.
CIRCUS STILL
DRAWS CROWDS
There is an international interest JuSt
now about the production'. : of Richard
Wagner's "Parsifal" in New York. Frau
Coslma Wagner secured attorneys to fight
Manager Helnrlch Conried of the Metro
politan/ Opera-house. The German press
and musical critics are bitterly opposed
to the performance of "Parsifal" in any
shape in America, but Conried has en
gaged Felix Mottl, the great Wagnerlan
conductor, to direct the programme.
All eyes of the musical world are cen
tered on New York, where "Parsifal" will
make its debut outside of Bayreuth. The
music Is the last-- of Wagner's and is said
to be the crowning effort of hte life. Fritz
Scheel will give selections from "Parsi
fal" at the symphony concert on Tuesday
afternoon next at the Grand Opera-house.
That it will prove a sensation is cer
tain and the music-lovers of the city will
be delighted to learn that they will hear
this music, even in advapce of New York.
In addition to this number the famous
Brahams No. 2 Symphony will be given
by urgent request of many who heard
the symphony at the last concert. I There
will also be "The Midsummer Night's
Dream" from Mendelssohn and a num
ber of surprises that Scheel has in store
for the patrons of these exceptional con
certs. Handel's Grand Concerto is among
the number. Seats are on sale at Sher
man, Clay A^Co.'s and on the day of the
concerts at the Grand Opera-house.
Selections From "Parsifal" Included
at the Next Symphony
Concert.
Automobiles made for the German
Mrmy'haul from five to eight ton loads
tbftracti hilly country.
JAMES I. HALLECK IS
LYING AT DEATH'S DOOR
Physicians Attending the Aged
Auditor of the Palace Hotel Fear
He Will Not Recover.
Jam<*s F. Hallock, for many years aua-
Itor of the Palace Hotel and for years
; -evlous to hi* removal to this city Con
troller of the State of Nevada, Is lying
dangerously 111 at his home on Church
Btreet He has been ill for some time.
but ha« EtuW>ornly trifd to fight off the
Fickne^s. until he finally found that he
mas growing too weaJc to get around. His
»<iv:mc*d age has afforded his doctors lit
tle encouragement, and late yesterday
i^y feared that the end was not far off.
1IV Hallock is widely known on the
coaet and has a large circle of friends in
thle city who will deeply -regret the fact
:;;at he" i* not expected to survive his
present fiiekness.
Antone Sweeney Identifies Thieves,
but Refuses to Have Them
Prosecuted.
ROBBED AFTER A NIGHT j
OF DISSIPATION IS OVER
Antone Sweeney, a saloon-keeper,
whose place of business Is at 713 Brannan
street, went out on a lark with Joseph
Qulnlan. Joseph Leady and Dick Austedt,
three Mission hoodlums, Friday night.
The toughs succeeded in getting Sweeney
drunk and took him to his room about
midnight." When he was stowed away
safely In bed the trio went through his
clothes and took $145 from his pockets.
Then they locked the door and escaped.
Yesterday Detectives Regan and O'Con
nell were detailed on the case, and after
a short Investigation they placed the
saloonkeeper three companions under
arrest. Sweeney went to the Central Po
lice Station last night and positively iden
tified the men. When asked to make a
complaint he refused for some reason that
puzzles the police and Captain Martin
was obliged to turn the prisoners loose.
SCHEEL WILL DIBECT A
WAQNERIAN MASTERPIECE
A Kind Father.
A young man in his shirt sleeves and a
straw hat was observed, one of the hot
test afternoons this week, wheeling a
baby carriage backward and forward In
front of one of the small houses In the
vicinity of Fairmount Park. Ha appear
ed hot, but happy.
"My dear." came a voice from ona «f
the upper windows of the house.
"Let me alone, can't you," he called
back, and went on wheeling and mopping
his face.
An hour later the same voica cama from
the window In earnest and pleading tones
"George dear!"
' ..ell, what on earth do you want?" h«
asked. "Have the water pipes burst?"
"No, George dear, but you have toeen
wheeling Anna's doll all tho afternoon: Is
It not time for baby to hava a turn?"—
N. T. Times.
Tho increase In tha imports of Man
churia In ten years has been, to tha vari
ous commodities, 100 to 600 per cent Tha
customs revenue in 1302 was $910,000.
The great growth in trade- haa resulted
from the free* exportation of beans, bean
cake and bean oil.
Antone Gularte, the barber in whose
shop at 415% Powell street a small flre
was discovered at , 1 o'clock yes
terday morning, may have to face
a charpe of arson. Yesterday he
was arrested and locked up in the
City Prison awaiting an investigation by
Fire Marshal Towe.. I£ Is likely that the
barber may be formally charged with ar
son In a few days.- .? - i '•,. -'-•;:
"When the fire was discovered .in the
shop the department responded, and' in
one corner of the room a small quantity
of rags soaked in coal oil was discovered.
No sooner had the first blaze been extin
guished when a second fire broke out in
an adjoining room and another bundle of
rags saturated with coal oil was found
there.
The matter was immediately reported
to Fire Marshal Towe and ho began an
Investigation. He learned that Gularte
had his furniture insured for $300 and that
he was to have vacated the premises to
day. This evidence, in connection with
the finding of the oil-soaked rags in the
place, convinced Marshal Towe that
everything was not all right, so he had
the barber arrested and locked up pend
ing an investigation.
BARBER MAY HAVE TO
FACE CHAEGE OF ARSON
Fire Marshal Towe Believes That
Antone Qularte Set Fire to
His Shop.
; : The delegation recommended the re
nominatlon of Edward J* Smith as Tax
Collector and indorsed the candidacy of
former State Senator Thomas C.'Maher
for Public Administrator.' The delegation
also recommended the candidacy of Harry
Baehr for Auditor.
The delegates to the Republican munici
pal convention from the Thirty-fifth As
sembly District; . United Republican
League, held a meeting last Friday even
ing and elected John D. Daly chairman
and H. N. Hall secretary^
. The Republican convention will be held
on Tuesday evening in the Alhambra The
ater.
Throughout the meeting a great deal of
enthusiasm was shown. ' Every delegate
favored a fight on the floor of the conven
tion. The "Horse and Carts" boast of
possessing all the orators.
When the convention is opened to-mor
row night in Native Son's Hall the first
fight will be for chairman. The conven
tion will effect temporary organization.
The various committees will be appointed
and an adjournment will be taken until
Wednesday night. On that evening
Franklin K. Lane will be nominated for
Mayor. It Is understood that all the
Democratic Supervisors on the present
board will be renominated.
That there will be strong opposition to
the Democratic County Committee at the
municipal convention to-morrow evening
Is evidenced by the organization of the
minority, which consists of the "Horse
and Carts" and Mahoney factions. There
was a lively meeting of these factions last
night in the California Hotel. More than
100 | delegates to the convention attended
and voted to give the McNab forces a
battle from start to finish. Their motto
will be "No surrender and no com
promise."
James H. O'Brien presided over the
meeting. There were full delegations
from the Thirty-sixth, Thirty-seventh,
Thirty-eighth, Thirty-ninth, Fortieth,
Forty-first, Forty-second and Forty-third
Assembly districts and a part of the del
egation .from the Forty-fifth Assembly
District. The majority owe allegiance to
the "Horse and Carts," but a number of
Mahoney's crowd were present.
j O'Brien stated tfiat he had been advised
to call a meeting of a few delegates from
each district, but decided to have a meet-
Ing of all the delegates. He informed
those present that it was the purpose of
the meeting to map out a plan of cam
paign to be followed in the contention.
There was a general discussion of the best
methods to Dursue and it was eventually
decided that a committee of eight, com
posed of district chairmen, be appointed
to draft a platform to be presented to the
convention and also act as a "steering"
committee.
Joseph E. O'Donnell's candidacy for
chairman of the convention will be advo
cated by the minority. He will be op
posed by Thomas W. Illckey, the choice
of the County Committee. The minority
cares not whether McNab has the votes.
They intend to show him that he is not
to control the convention. This will be
the first fight for the organization.
Clarence D. Clough and Louis Hirsch
will be nominated as secretaries of the
convention and Morris J. Tyson will be
nominated for assistant secretary.
In meeting th^varlous heads of the de
partments the Assistant Secretary ex
plained that ho was'anxious to secure as
much Information as possible So that he
might be In a position to thoroughly un
derstand various questions that would
come before him in the future at Wash
ington. • '
At noon the Assistant Secretary was the
guest of the Union- League Club at a
luncheon given In its rooms at the Pal
ace. There were about twenty members
present and President George Plppy pre
sided. To-day Henry Crocker will give
the Secretary and his party a ride
through Golden Gate Park to the ocean
beach, where the members will be re
ceived by Major Blakeney of the United
States life-saving station, who has ar
ranged for an exhibition of tho life-saving
crews in the .waters off the west shore of
the park. On the return trip the party
will be driven through the more interest
ing parts of* the city.
This evening Secretary Armstrong, ac
companied by Collector Stranahan o<- the
port of New York, Assistant United
States Treasurer Hamilton Fish and
Hamilton Fish Jr., will depart for the
East.
The visitors will travel in the private
car of President. Fish of the Illinois Cen
tral Railroad Company and will go East
via O«den and Salt Lake City.
Tfie Assistant Secretary also visited the
sub-Treasury and the Mint during the
day and at 'each place he insDected the
buildings from top to bottom and sought
much Information.
The Assistant Secretary put In a busy
day yesterday. He was an eafly riser
and after breakfast visited tha Custom
house and Appraiser's building. Acting
Collector of the Port W. B. Hamilton and
Surveyor of the Port J. Spear Jr. were
his guides and the Washington official was
shown the complete workings of the de
partment. "He was keenly interested In
all he saw and asked many questions and
at the close of his Inspection compliment
ed the local officials.
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury R.
B. Armstrong will leave for the East thl3
evening, having completed his short visit
of inspection of the branches of his de
partment In this city. /
Democratic Municipal Con
jvention Promises to
Be Warm.
Treasury Official Secures
Information for Future
Use.
"Horse and Carts" Ready
to Give McNab a
Battle.
Local Federal Offices
, Are Looked Over by
Armstrong.
SPENDS THE DAY
IN INSPECTION
MINORITY WILL
MAKE A FIGHT
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1903.
31
John Krelss, a saloon Keeper at 616
Montgomery street, discovered his bar
tender, Arthur M. Bingham, in tne act of
taking money from the till last night.
When Krelss ordered his employe to leave
the place the latter became abusive and
struck Krelss on the jaw. Krelss started
to return the .blow and two of his friends
seized him urging him not to quarrel.
%hlle the Baloonman wag thus handi
capped. Bingham brushed his hand over
the. sideboard and dashed bottles and
glassware to the floor. In this act he
cut his hand severely and caused damage
amounting to about $150. He was treated
at the Central Emergency Hospital and
was later booked on a charge of battery
at the Central Police Station by Detec
tive Taylor. . - ' - '
How to Carry a Cat.
"Yes, I think It's the best way to carry
a cat, and I've tried them all," replied the
woman In the railroad station who had a
cat In a gingham bag, the feline's head
being out of the openlnp. which was care
fully drawn up around its neck lest it es
cape. "A pet cat feels very lonely in a
hamper. In this bag. you see. the cat
feels me all the time, as I carry him In my
arms, and he knows he Is not deserted.
If he had not traveled with me up and
down to the seashore for years I shouldn't
have as much confidence in him, and cer
tainly wouldn't allow his head out now
for" a breath of fresh air.
"I .wouldn't even trust him If he could
get one paw out, for he naturally has the
scary-cat nature and might fly before he
realized there was no danger. As a mat
ter of fact, he's a bit intoxicated. Two
hours before starting I put a bunch of
flagrant catnip in the bag and didn't let
him .inside until he was crazy over It.
When I did he scurried in with a rush,
and that saved him the fright ; he'd have
felt at being put in against his will. When
we get to our cottage I simply put a bit
of catnip on- his cushion and he knows he
is at home."— Philadelphia Record.
I ...SPECIAL SALE OF....
I BSue Etamine
I Richly' trimmed with silk and
I ornaments, formerly $27.50,
1 closing out at $16.50
i New black Silk Coats, lined throughout, full
I sleews. ................ ..:...-S/O.OO
1 SEE OUR WINDOWS
j^r^^ Wholcsalo Manufacturers
I }^ 1142-1146 MARKET ST.
_ ; j;: : \ /_' '_ ADVEBTISEMENT3.
1 NEW LACECURTAINSl
; ' • ' - | '¦- # ' • ¦ ¦ " -
i
- .'Arabiairi Lace Curtains •¦¦/[•^ 7C
'. Good quality French net, j 1^1*"^'
With }i -inch braid application. ?[/v/ Pair
Arabian Lace Curtains d* J EA
Appliqued with i-fnch braid, • ni^L 0 *'"
In beautiful scroll and geometrical designs. Y^ Pair
| Arabian Lace Curtains rfcr EA
Extra quality French net, ; 'i^ \ VrV
With Lace Insertions^and Edgings. * JxJ Pair
Latest Novelty
Colored Lace Curtains, with Black and Red Grounds; ap-
pliqued with rich Oriental Colorings.
$9.50, $10.50, $12.50, $13.50, $16.50, $25,00 Pair
French Bonne Femmes rfrr EA
These curtains are used one to a window * jtt/v
and have beautiful 12-inch lace flounces. / v/ Each
A complete line of Nottingham Lace Cur- /tfc^ AA
tains, in White n Ivory and Arabian Color. | « y \J
3 yards long and 50 inches wide; from x|^JL p a | P
A small quantity of Irish Point Lace Curtains, with elabo-
rate borders, at \
Half Former Prices
Ul juvirai^ ured silk> j- Pla ? n \ 1 # 1 fj
. and Fancy Corners, Each
/ Cor.PostsKearhy Sts.
MISCELLANEOUS. * I
Mi —|| ul | Hi * CA S« CUSTOMER WKO TRADES . T AN [N'TALLIVIECT,-—^^^^^,
i KCUS^ HELPS TO PAY THE BAD OfcBTS )F OTHE? PEOPLE^"*™^^^ 0^ jff
I ' The Big Store— Sixteenth and Mission. Warehouse— Corner 16th and Harrjson Sts. . I
I Mattress Factory— Capp. between 15th and 16th. Parlor Furniture Factory — Capp, bet. 15th and 16th. I
• Mantel Factory— Folsom. bet. 18th and iotji. "Mission Furniture" Factory— Folsom, bet. 18th & 19th. 1
If selling the BEST FURNITURE and CARPETS at LOWEST PRICES is what the pur-' |
chasing: public demands of a furniture house, we have met the requirement. Our prices are absolutely n j
H the lowest by 25 to 40 per cent, and quality with us is always considered first. p
1 * THESE ITEMS THIS WEEK ARE THE PROOF: 1
I ELEGANT n . . n FINES r * HIGH CLASS I
In j r -i Dining Room Furniture, n^i*.. r,., „!*„„, 1
I Bedroom Furniture Parlor Furniture
¦ • - $45.OO Tliree-Piece CkiWen Oak square top .............. +T'*~V S nk damask JIO.DU fi
l! Suit — Highly finished: swell front Trench Beslgn Extension TaWe- Three-Piece Suit — Pattoalen'S gruar- H
iJ dresser; French plate oval «3* 7S Ro " nd top gracefully curved «27 85 nnteed upholstery in green «CQ flA «
| mirror 24x30 fO't.CD and carved legs Verona v * .... g
I : 880 00 Blrdteye Maple Suit— Two Quartered Oak Buffet— A most, artistic Goia corner Chair— Dainty yet |
I r^cc?: h^idof id bSutifully carved design, loaded glass closet .... J5^5Q substantially constructed ... CJ3Q0 1
1 rTSnch plate |£ss 2Sx?4 . $6'.5O *™Z%**c™ ' elegantly de ' $89.50 ered In rtch Imported llvor- J^QQ |
I $125 Quartered Oa* ¦ SJt-^.r- CWna closet— In golden oak. with n shiil-Skapid ' " Corner ' Chalr-With S
I ?K$i iSch d SSrgiS. jotSS y ounded . glass .. end9 .:::::::::: $24.50 **^&m*M^£ $22.50 I
fl. 31xSS in. Our price •P . j« n u Mirror Back Closet — Full quar- Parlor Bocker Mahopany or Oak B
H 560 Ckrral I>re««er Salt — Heavy ter-sawed oak. high finish $55 SO finish frame, velour seat <;/ h(\ £1
i Toll erect at head and foot of bed: ;..:....: -P3J.JV ; J>6.0U H
B French plate mirror 40 in. 5»41 75 Sideboard — A pretty design and of Davenport and Armchair — In B
B* lor.* .p**.!.* highly finished quartered oak... £4500 matched pattern silk tapes- for AA 1
IS35 Oak Suit Three pieces, nicely ••• J , try cover n
•f.^'fd and c-irved strongly built, Bidebcard— A palatial piece of furni- Reception Chair— In Mahogany fin- ¦
Sape?? pauern ¦••;;';;;;;; $23.75 E^^^^SSSS&S $68.00 $4.00 i
. nissio" Furniture. LaGB GUftaili M UlWi%.
1 Besides making every conceivaHe ; # *¦» H
' j ;" o r n 'rJrniture £? £%& Below we give a List of a few of the Bargains and Prices: |
1 OUt ti 75 Wottingrham lace curtains— Cable Wet curtains— Designs copied R
M >our h?e<ial ideas of decoration. L arpe variety, overlock cord- from the real Battenberg and Ara- H
S Pretty Hall Seat, 36 inches vlsf) edge— heavy net — many in real lace bian lace curtains— a rare op- C2 en D
j; wide / */^w patterns — special. $1.25 pair. portunity at $O.J\J U
I '¦Eaa&in.g China Set, S6 inches Cc QQ CC nn Point . d'Arate curtains — Bonne Femme curtains — All the 8
9 w id.' * rf * wl ' iJJ«wW r>eep Arabian lace coloring, newest Arab patterns— in fine nets, for g
9 Eookcaie double glass door. COA flft beautifully corded — very handsome — handsome parlor curtains — grand lot s
B 40 < r .hrs wide — artistic patterns— rare bargain at at $4.00. Others at $5.00 €Q AA I
I Eonnd Center Table, 30-inch C11 Cf\ 5 500 - Others at $9.00. and fiVV Q
n 7Zn * tf.^ aa Genuine Battenberg- lace cur- Irish point curtains, $3.75 and 84.00 3
¦ _ " ' /-, ,-ir-t ,^ " m? ic •J«'« vv tains — Real lace insertion and — Fish net curtains, $1.25; ruffled mus- Q
¦ Tabouret — yuaini ana V> # /i) Mace edge — made up in the best Sax- lln curtains — an almost endless va- ' I
e strongly bui.t .rr~: o retg — very specja i. J7.00. Others riety of new patterns at 11.25. C1 jc 1
B .Book Case — CS in. wide, <20 00 a * 5900. Others at $2.50 H
i- five movable shelves +GU.VV B
;] Buffet— Lnrpe uri)pr drawer J1425 Portieres— The manufacturer's entire stock— Bagdad. Kelim, Persian H
? •^»£7;'« Vn^v-.l' "ill the Cio en Bnd many rich colored effects, reproduced from antique hangings— many ex- 9
H fn^ io-r*s laired ..$1830 elusive— at practically mill prices, ranging from $3.00 a pair. Others cb qq 1
SaiSfct— l inches wide.' lined drawer Couch Covers — A great quantity of good, strong, serviceable sofa cov- 0
. 1~ r silver- ' other com- CM5 ftp. erinps— in all the new spring colorings— a matchfess offering— at §4.00. H
? partmenta ' •p'xO.VV others up to $6.00. g
® The masterpieces of the world's greatest mu- |r
(| *"""^ sicians as well as the popular airs of the day al- /|
$ ways at your command. The Simplex is adjust- '¦
i able to any piano, and it is so simple in construe- M
\ tion that it can be operated with expression by a m> ll
J8pj: Call at the store at anytime and convince your- /p^^B
x^^feif that it solves the musical problem. It will make
SEjffvoiir piano the most valued article in your home.
Jf^if^. We are agents for BEHR BROS. jr£&^§§
% If/ & BAUMEISTER PIANOS. Cele- tt*-J *||
I. Ik* brated for tone and action. V II p|
All the Popular Sheet Music at Lower Prio?s thai any
House on the Coast
ADVERTISEMENTS.
As prescribed by a law'
enacted by the/ last Legislature
the State Board of Commis-
sioners in Optometry has is-
sued certificates to the under-
signed firms, entitling them
and their employes to^ practice
the fitting of spectacles and
eyeglasses :f\
HOOVE OPTICAI. CO.,
an po«t st:
HIBSCH & KAISER,
7 Kearny St.
STANDARD * OPTICAI, CO.,
I ¦';_" .'i ;; 317 Kearny St.
BEBTEI.ING OPTICAI. CO.,
16 Kearny St. , ¦j/-
BASKEX.X. & JONES OPTICAI; CO.,
243 Grant Ave.
! CHINJT-BEKETTA OPTICAL CO.,
991 Market St.
CALIFORNIA OPTICAI. CO., \
207 Kearny Ct.
OEO. H. 2AH1T,
, 201 Kearny St.
EENBY KAEIT ft CO.
(The Ocularium),
642 Market St.WASHINGTON, Sept. 12.— Herman F.
Denbam. a letter carrier, to-day shot and
killed h's wife and then committed suicide.
Jealousy Is ascribed as the cause.
Kills Wife and-Himself.
Slayer of Brandt Arrested.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 12.— William A. Hoff
man, who shot and killed his father-in
law, William Brandt, near Mayestown.
111., and threatened to take the lives of
others is under arrest in Belleville, 111.
He was taken without resistance.
TACOMA, Sept. 12.— Two members of
the Chinese crew of the steamship ,Trc
mont escpped from the vessel at Seattle
Thursday. The owners of the vessel are
liable to a fine of $2000 by the United
States Government and an anxious search
is being made for the missing Chinese.
Chinese Sailors Leave Vessel.
SALINAS. Sept. 12.— E. K. Hall, a na
tive of Xew York, aged 70 years, who for
more than forty years was a resident of
this county, died here this morning. \ He
was engaged in the early days in mining
and latterly in r patent medicines.- He
leaves no' relatives as far as known. i 1
Pioneer Dies at Salinas.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 12.-No more
cents are to be made by the United States
Mint h«»re -for at least a year unless a
special order is Issued from the United
States Treasury at Washington. This Is
the latest instruction from Washington,
due to the enormous production in the
last five years— 3.000.000,393 pennies having:
been shrpped from the Philadelphia mint,
which is the only one that coins the one
cewt pieces, to various parts of the coun
try. Between July 1, 1902, and June 1,
1903. 89.600,000 cents were coined.
Will Stop Coining Cents.
Federal Officers Detain. Filipinos.
TACOMA, Sept. 12.— Eleven Filipinos
who arrived here on the transport DIx
a.nd who will build Philippine houses at
the St. Ijouis exposition, are being held
by the local immigration office. As the
Filipinos are Government laborers they
probably will be permitted to land under
instructions from Washington.
CHICAGO, Sept. 12.-i-In the presence of
her blind mother, Mrs. Clara Costellolast
night saturated her dress with kerosene
and touched a match to it. She was so
badly burned that she died a short time
later in the hospital. Her mother made
desperate efforts to save the woman, but
because of her blindness was not able to
accomplish anything. Family troubles
and illness are supposed to have un
hinged the mind of Mrs. Costello.
Saturates Dress With Kerosene.
Assailant of a Klondike Millionaire
Sent to Prison for Twenty
Years.
SEATTLE, Sept. 12.— George Van Hcrst.
the man who robbed and beat Ti. S. Llp
py, the Klondike millionaire, at his home
several weeks ago, was to-day sentenced
by Judge Bell to imprisonment for twenty
years in the penitentiary at Walla Walla.
Van Horst this morning changed his plea
to guilty. %
In passing sentence Judge Bell said
there were no mitigating circumstances
and that the thugs of Seattle needed a
lesson.
THUGS NEED A LESSON,
SAYS A- SEATTLE JUDGE
NEW YORK, Sept. 12.— The United
States transport Kilpatrick, from Manila,
arrived to-day. On the transport are the
bodies of 402 United States soldiers, who
lost their lives on the Philippine Islands.
This is the largest number of bodies ever
returned at one time from the islands.
The transport left Manila on July 2 with
C9 fabin paser.gers, thirteen servants, two
civilians. 321 enlisted men and the head
quarters staff and band of the First and
Third Battalions of the Fifth United
States Infantry. Lieutenant Colonel
George P. Borden commanding. There
were also on board the transport 402
bodies of United States soldiers, amen?
them being those of the men slain in the
Balangega massacre in Samar in Decem
ber. 1901.
rOUB HUNDRED BODIES
ABOARD 'A TRANSPORT
Kilpatrick Arrives • at New York
With Soldier Dead From the
Philippines.
NAPA, Sept. 12.— Ludwig Ubhaus, an in
mate of.tho Veterans' Home for many
years, died suddenly-Wednesday night at
that institution. For some time he had
been drinking heavily and Wednesday he
was taken to the home hospital. He re
fused, to stay there, preferring to sleep
In his accustomed b$d. During the night
his room-mate, F. G. Bryan, heard him
groaning. In the morning when Bryan
arose he found that Ubhaus was dead.
The deceased was a native of Germany
and 60 years of age. Several years ago
he lived in Napa and was employed as a
barber. .
Veterans' Home Inmate Dies.
Senator Mitchell was out of the Senate
from 1897 to 1901, having lost his seat |
largely by' reason of his advocacy of theA
free coinage of silver. The Legislature]
elected In 1898 was so everwhclmingly 1
against him that he would not permit his 1
name to be used as a candidate. Even his
friends believed that Senator Mitchell
had been permanently retired to private
life, and it is we'.l known that his 'return
to the Senate came about through acci
dent and the complete, change of heart
experienced by the gold standard wing of
the Republican party, which had pre
viously prevented his return to the Senate
and carried election of 1898 in direct
opposition to him. However, upon his re
turn to the Senate the Senator, being
popular with the national administration
and knowing how to use this influence
effectively, succeeded in controlling the
entire Federal patronage of the State,
and by its judicious use greatly strength
ened himself politically.
The present city government of Port
land is indirectly but largely the out
growth of the political turnover which
placed Mitchell in the saddle in 1900. This
municipal administration is looked upon as
a failure, and the unsatisfactory local
conditions are charged to Senator Mitchell
and his faction. The prediction's freely
made that the Simon people who were
displaced to make room for Mitchell will
again be placed in • control of affairs as
the outcome of: the next election. There
is no doubt that Senator Mitchell is very
greatly concerned over the situation, and
he has much reason to be so^ Unless all
signs fail there will be a complete over
turning of political conditions, and in the
upheaval that seems imminent the Sen
ator will very possibly be compelled to sea
another invested with the Uoga he lias
worn so long and is so lotn to part with. '
Under these circumstances the recent j
appointement of E. W. Davis and the j
turning down of J. W. Knowles for reg- ¦¦
inter of the La Grande land office has
been a severe blow to Senator Mitchell j
and has caused much uneasiness among 1
his friends. The Senator's strongest card j
was his supposed influence with the Pres
ident in the matter of securing appoint- i
ments for his supporters. His failure to j
obtain the appointment of Knowles, back- I
ed as he was by the 'unanimous recom- |
mendation of the entire Congressional del- 1
egation of this State, was followed by the
assertion that Senator Mitchell would en- j
deavor to defeat the confirmation of Da
vis, the President's appointee, in the Sen
ate. This put the Mitchell faction in the
very attitude of opposition to the national
administration which they had previously
been urging as an argument why the Si
mon people should not be supported at 1
the soils. 1
The main issue in Oregon, statements
of political leaders to ths contrary not
withstanding, is who shall be elected
United States Senator in- 1907 to succeed
Mitchell. And to this single end-«ll the
energies of both the old Mitchell machine
and the new organization which Senator
Simon is now constructing are being bent.
The Legislature that will be elected
next June 'will not choose a Senator, nor |
are there any important State offices to
be filled, yet the battle. for supremacy at |
that election promises "to be sharp and:
tierce, and at this early date is already j
beginning to show itself. There will be !
Jifteen State Senators elected, who will i.
hold over and participate in the election
or Senator Mitchell's successor. Of these ;
fifteen State Senators five come from !
Multnomah, the banner Republican coun
ty of the State and the real batt'.e ground
of the contest. It goes without saying
that Senator Mitchell desire^ to be re- j
elected, and the personnel of the State
Senate to be re-elected gives the distin- j
guished, Senator much concern. , It will be j
Remembered that Senator Mitchell owes |
his present seat in r the Senate to the votes
of Democrats, Populists and those Re
publicans who united to defeat v the Re
publican caucus nominee for Senator In
the Legislature of 1901.
SIMON FOBCES ACTIVE.
election in June and is thus
a forerunner of the Presidential
campaign gives unusual importance to
tha election. The feature of the contest
will be the' battle for supremacy between
the Simon Republicans and tho Mitchell
wing of the party, and while the Mitchell
people are In control of everything, in
cluding the Federal patronage of the
State, there are many Indications that
presage the return to power of the Simon
faction.
It will be remembered tnat on the ex
piration j of Senator Simon's term /last
March he deliberately accused President
Roosevelt of breaking a written promise
and produced thtf letter to prove his
charne. 'Phis incident was seized upon
by the Mitchell people, who thereafter re
ferred to the Simon wing as the "anti-ad
mlnlstratlon faction." Moreover, they an
nounced their Intention of making the
question of whether the administration
should be supported or not the main issue
in the coming campaign.
SETBACK FOB. MITCHELL.
PORTLAND, Or.. Sept. 12.— Oregon
will soon be in the throes of an
other fierce political contest and
the fact that this State holds its
Special to Ths Call.
PORTLAND. Or., Sept. 12.— Robert Lou
den, a timberman of this city, was placed
under arrest by a Deputy United States
Marshal to-day on a. certified indictment
by the United States District Attorney of
Minnesota, charging him with entering
into a conspiracy with several other peo
ple to defraud the Government out of
public lands.
Louden was taken before United States
Judge McKee. where he gave bonds in
the sum of $500 to appear for an examina
tion next Monday. The arrested man
avows his innocence and declares that
the authorities have caught the wrong
man. ¦
TIMBEEMAN IS ACCUSED
OF >, ENTERING CONSPIBACY
Government Causes Arrest at Port
land Because of Attempted
Land Frauds.
Mitchell and Simon Men
Aligning for Big
Contest. «
A large shipment of supplies and bag
cage for the surveyors, consigned to E. L.
Veuve, arrived this afternoon". There are
tent?, cooking utensils, canned goods and
provisions besides the men's personal and
professional equipments. For some time
Huntington has had in view the building
of an electric Und from Los Angeles to
Ventura and Santa Barbara. The first
work will begin on the Dixie Thompson
ranch east from Ventura.
VENTURA. Sept. 12.— A corps of Hunt
ington surveyors arrived In this city this
coon and will commence worlc early Mon
day morning. The corps consists of eight
men and a cook. The chief engineer will
arrive Sunday. A numbsr of local people
will also be employed. The men will run
lines from this city to Los Angeles, Ox
nard, Hueneme and Santa Monica. It is
believed that HunUngton will rush the
work and construction will be commenced
about the flrst of the year. The Ventura
street railway, operated with horse carp,
is controlled by Huntiri^ton. This line is
only operated to hold valuable franchises
over several miles of streets.
Work on the Hallway From Los An.
g-eles to Ventura Begins
Quickly.
SURVEYORS NOW BUSY
ON HTTNTDJGTON LINES
PROMINENT OREGOXIAN WHO
WILL FIGURE IN BIG POLIT
ICAL FIGHT.
P. A. Davidson, '98, San Diego public
schools; Irving E. Outcalt, '96. San fa
Roca High School; Ernest E. Balcomb,
'03, Fresno High School; Jennie T. Porter,
'03, Great Falls, Mont., public schools;
Frank E. Thompson, '01. San Diego Nor
mal School; E. M. Leonard, '03. Santa
Cruz High School ; Marie Jacobs, '03, Alias'
Knox's School, New York; G. C. Barton,
'03, Susanville High School; Jessie £*.
Bell, '03, public schools Napa County;
Charles E. Pugh. '03. Oakland public
school; B. J. Balros, '05. Greenville
school; J. C. Walker, '00, School of Mines.
Golden, Colo.; E. C. Hagmeyer, '03, An
tioch High School; W. W. Swing, '03. San
Bernardino public school; Frances E.
Short. '03, University of Nevada; R. J.
Sterrett. '03, Riverside schools: E. O.
James, '01, Pacific Grove High School; H.
L. Zint. '03, The Needles High School;
J. C. Ray. '02. Covelo High School; J. A.
Koontz. '01. Dillon. Mont., High School;
D. Montgomery. '01, 'Sonoma High School;
C. D. Scott, '03. StX Matthew's School;
Lucy C. Mount, '96, Corning High School;
A. J. Schwartz, '03, Eureka High School;
T. A. Hayes, '03, City Superintendent of
Schools, Albany. Or.; Wlnnona' Lathrop,
'01, public school. Saticoy; Edith M. Jor
dan. '00, Merced High School: Rufus Kim
ball, '03, Boone's School*, Berkeley; Zoe
S. Bartrilff, '02, Downie High School;
James Hyde, '01, University of Oregon;
Josephine Moulton, '02, Fraisler public
school; Miss C. Smith, '02, Prescott,
Ariz., High School; C. E. Haas. '9S, Ma
dera High Scnool; Miss Shirley Charles,
cx-'O4, Hoitt's School; Helen Downing,
'03. Los Angeles High School; Ella G.
Wood, '03/ Los Angeles Normal; L. G.
Stephens, '02. the Lyceum, San Francisco;
Clara D. Barnhisel. '02, Salinas High
School; Sophia G. Ramsey, *03, Fowler
public school; Frank Shepherd, '95, Uni
versity of Southern Calif orjiia; Bessie
Strange, '03. Colusa High School; Virginia
M. Kelly. '03, Nordhoff public school;
Marion /'Fuller. '03, San Mateo High
School f Lucy H. Waters, '99. Corona High
School; May Bradford, '03. Seattle High
School.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Sept. 12.—
The following list has been given out of
graduates jot Stanford who will occupy
positions as teachers during the ensuing
year : '
Several States.
Located in Institutions in
Former Students of the "University
STANFOBD GRADUATES
WHO ABE NOW TEACHERS
0
I-ater in the day Curtis, assisted by two
men from a neighboring cajnp, bundled
the man into a wagon and hauled .Jim to
the asylum. There U was learnad that
his story was correct and that lie had
been at large probably in the mountains
during the past fortnight.
Taking in the situation at a glanca, Cur
tis tirmed himself with a club and, attack
ing the maniac, suoceeded in disarming
him. Evidently realizing that he had met
his master the Insane man submitted. He
was then placed against a tree and h'is
arms bound to the trunk. Now fuliy mas
tered the man told his story. He said
that hia name was Frank Samuels anj
that fce # had escaped from the Highland
Asylum two weeks previous. He said
that it waa hia intention to cut up every
thing in the camp, then kill the horses and
di»U a fire of the entire camp.
SAX BERNARDINO. Sept. 12.— Eli Cur
tis had a terrific fisht with a maniac' who
visited his camp on the mountains this
morning. During the absence of Curtis
the man secured a fcutcher knife and
cut the tent beddlivg and blankets into
shreds, broke 'all the crockery and was
about to attack the horses when Curtis
appeared.
Special Dltpatch to The CaJl.
A wealth of beautiful floral pieces cov
ered the grave, prominent among the of
ferings being those of the Elks, the Driv
ing: Club and the Del Paso Outing Club.
The pall bearers were Frank E. "Wright.
John Mackey, R. O. Klmbrouffh, George
Myrick, John Nealon, Dr. W. A. Root, D.
Gillen and- George ,Lacke Jr. The Inter
ment was in the City Cemetery.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 12.— The funeral
of Homer O^Buckman, who died near
Colfax, Placer County, last Monday, took
place this afternoon from his late resi
dence at Eighteenth and H streets. Al
fho.ugh it was announced that tile funeral
would be private hundreds of friends
could not resist the desire to bo present
end pay the last mark of respect to one
whom they esteemed in life.
The funeral was conducted by the Sac
ramento Lodse of Elks, of which Mr.
Buckman had been a charter member, the
reliRious service being performed by tha
Rev. C. L. Mlel, rector of St Paul's Epis
copal Church. The Elks' Quartet, com
posed of R. T. Cohn. M. J. Desmond. "W.
E. Lrf>vdale and C M. Phinney, nans ap
propriate hymns.
Special Dispatch to The^all.
VALLiEJO. Beat. 12.— Charles H. Bade,
the GraiSl Army, veteran, who shot and
killed Lloyd Harston, a young colored
Spanish^merlcsui war veteran, in this
city last Thureday evening, was exoner
aterd by the coroner's Jury to-day.
The testimony at the Inquest sho-wed
that Bade and hia family live near a col
ored family named McPherson on Caro
lina street and that there had been trouble
between the women folks of the two fami
lies ¦which grew very warm early Thurs
day evening. There was an exciting
meeting in the street In front of the two
houses and Harston and peveral other
negroes were present as visitors of Ihe
McPhersons. Bade ordered . these men
away and got hi* wife into his own house.
Harston went down town, bought car
tridges tor hia revolver, returned to the
front«of. the residences*and in a loud
voice called on Bade to. come out. The
latter, who had been Informed that Hars
ton had been buying: cartridges, had load
ed his shotgun and placed it back of hia
front door. <
Upon responding to Haieton's challenge
to come out Bad© .found himsalf oovered
by tha negro's revolver, but by a quick
move y ha not his gun and as Harston
Btood in the act of firing Bado filled the
upper portion of the nesro'a right lung
full of heavy birdshot.
When Harston was picked up dead In
the street h« still had hia big- revolver In
his right hand. In his pockets were for
ty-six cartridges for his pistol, which was
already fully loaded, and a razor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Testimony Shows Lloyd Har
ston Made Preparation
for Crime*'
Vigorous Clubbing Makes a
Quick End cf a Brisk
Combat.
Rare Floral Tributes Testify
to Esteem for the
. Deceased.
Escaped Insane Man Is
Pound Armed and
Murderous.
His Life.
Vallejo Grand Army Man
Shot in Defense of
Remains of Late Homer
Bucfeman Buried at
Sacramento.
CAMPER F IGHTS
WITH LUNATIC
NEGRO'S SLAYER
IS EXONERATED
FRIENDS MOURN
AT HIS GRAVE
THE SAN FBANCISCO OAliL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13. 1903.
POLITICS
A-SIZZLE
IN OREGON
32
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TH«= VALUE OF CHARCOAL
Few People Know How Useful It Is
in Preserving Health and Beauty:
Xearly everybody knows that charcoal Js the
FCTat and most efficient disinfectant and pur-
ifier in nature, but few. realize its value wlien
taken into the human system for the same
clf-ansinj. purpose. .' .^ '
Charcoal ia a remedy that the more you take
.of it the better; it isfnot a drug at all. but
elmply absorbs the gaees and impurities always
present In the etomach and Intestines and car-
ries them out of the system.
Charcoal sweetens the breath after smoking,
drinking or after eating onions and other odor-
ous vegetables.
Charcoal effectually clears and Improves the
complexion. It whitens the teeth and further
acts as a natural and eminently safe cathartic.
It absorbs the injurious gases which collect
in the stomach and bowels; it disinfects the
mouth and throat from the poison of catarrh.
All druggists sell charcoal In one form or an-
; other, b-jt probably the best charcoal and the
j most for the money is in Stuart's Absorbent
j Lozenges; they are composed of the finest pow-
j dertd Willow charcoal, and other harmless an.
tlee'ptlc* In «ablet form or rather In the form
of large pleasant tasting lozenges, the charcoal
being mixed with honey.
The dally use of these lozenges will socn
tell m a much improved condition of the gen-
eral health, better complexion, sweeter breath
and purer blood, and the beauty of It Is that
no possible " harm can result from their con-
tinutd use. but on the contrary, great benefit.
A Buffalo physician in speaking of the bene-
fits or charcoal (.ays: "I advise Stuart's Ab-
eoibent Lozenges to all patients suffering from
gas in stomach and bowels, and to clear the '
complexion and purify the breath, mouth and
throat; I also believe the liver is greatly bene-
fited by the dally use of them; they cost but
twenty-five cents a box at drug stors, and al-
ihouKh In Mme sens* a patent preparation, yet
I belie\e I get more and better charcoal In
Btuart'8 Absorbent'l-ozenges than in ' any of
tbe ordinary charcoal tablets." I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦fj _«^ : —
... . . .-.-..
Bi AMV
. REINSTATED BY '
"SHT1IVE great railroads entering cured of the Liquor
&^ Kansas City will reinstate Habit wi " b 5 th ? r oughly
l MJ)\ s* T ployc dls^ har r J or TnT^ o lJ^ p O f rm m a ;
b^jfc--l drunhcnn f s S after hC has treatment. I will be glad
taken ; my treatment. to give the names of nu-
These railroads are AtChi- merous men in all walks
son, Topeka & Santa Pe Ry M Chicago, of Iife - residing in San
Burlington S. Quincy . Ry., Missouri Francisco, whom I have
Pacmc Ry., Chicago ¦ & Alton Ry and
tUC Chicago, Rock Island S, Pacific Ry. , of these men had taken
My treatment is indorsed by the high- to ure * sin s Ie , cas^ no
• I ., ... . ,. ¦ .. ., , " -, * matter hcyv serious the
est authorities " in • the ¦ United States condition.
Address AH Mail Dr. J. J. McKANNA
14 Geary Street, San Francisco Discoverer of the
Three- Day Cure
Telephone Main 1037 } for Alcoholism
_ ...
MINERAL SPRINGS, "
Located nine miles northeast of Red Bluff en
the line of the Southern Pacific Railway.
Cases of RHEl'MATISM, GOUT AND AL^
BLOOD DISKASES WILL BE ACCEPTED
UNDER A GUARANTEE THAT THEY WILL
BE CURED WITHIN A SPECIFIED TIME
OK ALL EXPENSES. INCLUDING RAIL-
WAT FARE, WILL BE REFUNDED.
These wonderful springs can be reached by
the Southern Pactflc Company's system of rail-
ways and its connections throughout the United
States
For rates of fare and routes of travel apply
, to any Southern Pacific Railroad Agent.
For guarantee or reference to cures effected,
address Medical Department, Tuscan Mineral
Springs Corp.. Tuscan. Cal.
IDEAL WEATHER
ZS THE EXPBZSSXOS OF
ever? one Ai.orra the
California Northwestern R'y
The Picturesque Route of California.
Ticket Office* of the Company. 630 Market
street (Chronicle Buildlr.g). and TIburon Ferry,
foot of Market street. Ger*ral Offices. Mu-
tual Life Building, corner of Sanscme aad Cal-
ifornia streets, San Franciaco.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen'l. Manager. Gen'l. Passr. Agent.
PARA3S0 SPRINGS
MOXTzsxnr cottott, cai..
The leading Summer Resort of the
Pacific Coast. Hot Soda and Sulphur
Baths, large Swimming Tank, first-
class table. Send for beautiful illus-
trated booklet and rates to F. W.
Schroeder, Manager, or San Francisco
Agent, 11 Montgomery street.
DEER
HUNTING.
If you want to set a deer, go to WllUa,
stop at the Willits Hotel. Mendocino County
Is best huntlns jfround la the State near t.»
San Francisco. Deer season open until S«d-
temper M. WM. WKIUANU. *Top.
ACUA CAUEIMTE SPRINGS
OPEN ALL YKAR ROUND. Natural he:
•ulphur springs, temperature 113 desrees. N..
•t:nin«;. Fare $1 10. Sure cure lor rheuma-
tism, asthma, kidney a;a liver trouble*. Tui
and hoi plunse baths. ' The largest mtter«!
water swimming tank ia tn»> Stats. Compe-
tent lady and gentlemen m^seurst. swlnu.Ung
teacher. , Special rates Irom now on. Peck ».
11 Montgomery st. THEODOR RICHAKUi.
Agua Callente. Sonoma Co.
VJCHY SPRINGS.
8 mt>s from UkiAh. Mendocmo Ca. Natural
•lectxic waters, champagne haiha Only p. <?-¦¦»
In the world o: this cl.tss. VUhlns. huatia*.
Crystal Spr'.nss. Accommodations: iaole An'.-
eUis.. J. A. KEI>EMEYKR & CO.. frop*.
Campbell Hot Springs.
1C hcurs" rail to.Bcca; suj:« ior spring* coa-
cects « p. m. train from city, round trip, la-
cludise stage, ill 5o, gooa lor suuno. U»u».
»lo uer week.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
; 818-820 /AARKTT 5T. 5AK FRANQI503.
IO specials for this week
with an immense reduction
Handsomely engraved 4-piece Tea Set, reg. $8.00, cut to., _«,
Elegantly embossed Cake Basket, quadruple plate, rcg. §3-75> OO Of
CUt tO •'• \$fm»<mO
Child's Set, Knife, Fork and Spoon. Mother-oi- Pearl handle, <>i >« £
reg. $2.25, cut to • v'*^^
Baby's Combs and Brushes, sterling silver, turqtiofse set in "7Qf»
handle, reg. $1.00 • 'ww
Amber Watch or Lorgnette Chains, «jo in. long, reg. $150. C| ap
cut to S»I.UO
Toilet Soaps, tep different odors, large variety of makes, reg. IQr*
25c box.. cut to 5 l«Jl»
Sponges, large size, reg. 25c, cut to..": , I^P
Tooth Brushes, 5000, always sold at 25c, cut to 2 for " . OCp
Tumblers, thin blown, letters enslaved N. Q. E. U., rejr. fi*?O
price S1.00 doz., cut to. per dozen "Ol»
Goblets, good, heavy, clear glass, reg. price 95c doz., cut, to, 75p
per dozen ; ••• / Iv
Purses, ladies' combination, all colors, reg. $1.00, cut to.... AftP
Writing Paper, 1 lb. package, ruled, containing about 100 IQf*
sheets, reg. 25c lb + . ' ZfKf
Veiling. Ladles' Neckwear. Ribbons.
JIallne or Illusion, la pink. Be each. BOc doz — Neck- 500 yards of all pun* silk
blue. red. white and black. wear, consisting of chiffon Taffeta and fancy striped
fine quality; regular price. bows, lawn aad pique puffs wide^ln all* shrid-^; '^SG-
15c. Special Sc yd and strings; regular value lar £oc value. Cut to...
15c each. >Oc vd
' 60 piece, best quality Veil- .^rTZ.n r^wn S11 t R">bons. la Dresden
lag: worth 2Sc to BOc per 1Oc «ach— Lln*n Lawn and TnK . t^ 3^ Jn . wic!e
yard. On special sale at Top Collars, silk embroid- best quality, rretty pat-
11c r*r vd ertd : blue ' whlte and terna and ™ Iors : regular
1^J UC >d black; resular value 23c. •* valu *- i^J. ale at X <> c
Satin .Taffeta Kltbcn. 4 In.
Drape Veils at lialf price — 2Se each — All our wash wide, all shades; r#gul*r
Sewingr Silk and Chlffon» Top Collars and Stocks, UOc. ; Special 10c
Veils, la blue, black and plain and fancy, trimmed Any of t^77 lbbons t i ed
white; regular 50c quality. with lace and embroidery: jj y expert bowtr-akers
Special ....25c regular value C5c. free of charge.
Women's Hosiery. Ladles* Belts. Ladles' Handkerchiefs.
60 doz fancy Hose, doubl. Fabric and silk ,eau de £ ad^L'^lZ^Ja™*
sole, heels anfi tees. Sp»- »°le and silk flnlsii. orna- co i or 9. Special ...2'ic ea
, . "Oo mented back r J ece and
1 •" front buckle; recular price *n 4 nz - n women" ¦» faicv
Black Lace Hose, different 50c. Special OSc H a nd^erchief a of flr.e Unen
patterns, all the newest de- lawn, with lace and in?er-
slgns; fast black; 25c Black and white silk and tlon; regular 10c. Special.
• , satin Belts, fine 'quality ." .Sc each
special. Iongr narrow perfecting
Ladles' Swiss ribbed lisle back; regular "1: Special Pure Irish Linen Hand-
Hose, Ilermsdorf dye; reg **5c kerchiefs, in tv. ft newest
, -,. ... e ~,t t designs and fancy color-
ular .5c quality. Special. A1 , our rejuIar ;. 5c r>n , tj ing!J . rfsu!ar j, rice r^V.
45c reduced to 17c sJp/clal 23c
50c Books for Boys and Girls 25c Latest Copyright Fiction $1.03.
The following elegant cloth-bound books Ten of the latest copyright fiction, pub-
with illu-strations in black and white ana ,, sht . d t $1 fl0 o rf j»|, O S:
also many in colors, best quality binding ,,.„, w T ' ,
and paper, on sale 25c each: Hie Ca.l of tho Wild, by Uorulon.
Little Lame Prince. Robinson Crusoe. The Main Thance. NIcholaon.
Robin Hood. Black Beauty. Tales from T . «___ ,-, (iak MarOrath
Shakefepeare. Treasure Island. Alice's Ad- Itl ' Ura> t-loak. JlacOratn.
ventures In Wonderland, Grimm's Kairy Uordoa.-K.eith. Nf>ls< n Page.
Tales, Andersen's Kalry Tales. Water Ka-» irnder the Ros-. Isham.
bles Rip Van Winkle. Age of Fab>. rarreV of the Blesatd Isle*. Bachellw.
Arabian Nights, Woods' Natural History. The niijrec Ball. Anna Green.
Christmas Stories. Through tto I-ookln;? Anr.e Carmel. Overton.
Glass. Life cf Christ. Story of the Bible The rautam's Tt.il Gate. Stockton.
and Pilgrim's Progress. Tho Cno Woman. Dixon.
Knives, Razors and Shears Ground end Repaired
Picture Frames of All Descriptions Made to Order
ALVEHTISE1ISKTS.
Consumption Cured
Catarrh Cured
Cancer Cured
Women Cured
-B> —
Electro -.Chemistry.
¦ Y < , • " ;' ' ¦- ' *"¦'''<»
"¦ ' < " *, .)¦;¦¦ ••:.<¦
*TE. FREDESJCK MEIEE.
¦ T;?+ Ttfta" rrffltmcEt at the ELiECTRO-
CKF.fill<" lX.'Tm'TE, IIS Orant ave.. cured
rr>» «f BRANCHIAL. CATARRH. ASTHMA tJiil
P.tinrMATIFil. mr.A it also cured me of
I>EAKVESS «ru3 RIXGING EARS and im-
tir-v»(1 mr er-e*i*:'it. 1 mm sts-ry-vtx yeuru olfi.
I h tr» nuiy ye«x» and nil th« other
tresixaesta wh!ch I fc*ui rawvieuslr us»<J did
ir.» to gvA." '
-fipr.es> FREDERICK METER.
Mil'» CaUex> F"- Ou Alamsda County. Cai.
"I was *-ur*a Tsr th» Electro- Cbemio tr»»t-
m«it cf ca_n<^er of th? breast witboot a Furgicai
"peratlon. Th^ treatment tra.s absolutely paln-
¦-i? and. icfiead of It maXteg za» weaker, I
jrsJnafl t«i r" v 0243 !3 weJeht and rsin«d In
6tresir!fc in everyway <Surtne ray treatment."
ME5. VnUJAif EA2XES. Blacif. Cai.
'¦v^^vL \~-~T~ --• -"Wrtfv^i?^ ?£$?•¦?
¦ liiilii !i^4
MKS. FREDERICK GOCHIA.
421 L St.. San Francisco.
"My stomach, liver aad bowels were In a bad
condition. 2iy feed did me no gcoJ: my blood
• if weak .L.".d ray. nervous system was a. wreck.
M((:cal treatir.M-.t s«me<l to re»x; me worse,
fcuv ia a row w*ek» the El*»ctro-Chemic treat-
ment has worfctd wonders in my case. My dl-
£fFi:on \<t good, my etomach. liver aad bowels
«!<* norms.;, ray blood circulates freely and my
nerve* are Etronrer than !n years."
MRS. FREDERICK GOCHIA.
421 L. St.. Saa Francisco.
COMSULTATION ¦- r* a- o-
a\d . r W r r
X-RAY EXAMINATION 3 B%sL.I_
Speclaltles — Ccasumptioa, Catarrh.
Eroachltie, Asthsia, Cancers, Tumors,
Deafness, Head and Ear Noises, Shcu-
matlsm, Paralysis, Neuralgia, Piles,
Siseases of the Stomach, Liver, Kid-
neys aad Bowels, Special Siseases of
Men and Women. All Chronic Siseases.
electro-cbemkT institute,
118 GHAUT AVE., Cor. Port St.,
sazt r&Aircxsco.
Office Hcurs — U a. m. to 5 p. m.' and 7 to S p.
tr. <5a1!y; SuniJayp. 10 a. m. to 1 p. m.
Soparate Apartments tor Ladies and Gentlemen.
&
" SOLD E.VER.YWHERJC.
HILBKKT Mh-'tCANTiLK CU. j
. r<tc:ric C'.ast Asents.
' ;
/^TV (PATENTED). fiH^S
(H SPHEROID y[)
\<P EYEGLASSES <4A
I 1 Ira ScitEtifc Creations, v^
/ "^ Givkg Perfect Visioa. Y
I I FRICES MODERATE. W
PPfSj WE/\K 7VVEIN
M«^*$H DH. HAUL'S REINVIGORATOR
BO D^p tfps all losses and unnatural dls-
jj B cbanfee In "1 hours. You ftel an
|T>71 ffffiH improvement from the first dose.
I JtJJ tTittl v< " have much cunflcJcnc in our
UUjJ HdM tr^^tnicnt that we offer Five IIjii-
i t'LjTHM d re< l r«-»ard for any case we can-
"^¦¦¦"¦¦« not cure. This secret remedy curej
loet r« 1wf i'. nightly oml.oticns, wasted urcans, '
varlwx-ele. Blecl. strictures, kidneys, falling
niemoiy. drains In the urine, gonorrhoea, dis-
ease fit the prewtate Klands and e.U other terri-
ble «ffwt» of self-Abuse or excesses, which lead
tin to ccnsumjitlon and death, f'osltlvely cures
ttf worst ca6se in *>ld or young of that mortify-
ing condition, quickness of the discharge, and ,
wanting to do. and you can't. Sent sealed. $2
per bottle, three bottles. $5. Guaranteed to
cure ary i»«.
C"*ll or address orders HALL'S MEDICAL !
IXSTITUTC J£3 Rroadway, Oakland, Cal.
Also for *a!» at lOTG'.i Market ft., a. F. Send
for fre* botk.
SPECIALTIES
Advertised by Responsible firms of S. F.
jggfc WEEKLY CALL
, Ccrti. «o txu 16 PAGES,
1 SO Et-rFEaiNl
|^£g_|SI per fear,Several of the delegates denounced In
the strongest language the lax adminis
tration of the Government land laws,
which permitted the perpetration of great
frauds upon the people In the theft of the
public domain. . , . .; /
engaged in, -a free and full discussion of
the subject, the Governor, who was cho
sen chairman of • the .* delegation, saying
it, was hla. desire to learn the general at
utuae of the California delegation on tho
subject of irrigation. " . . '.."'
It developed ! from , the discussion that
there exists amoung the California dele
gation strong opposition to the - national
irrigation law known . as the Newlands
bill. The delegation appeared to be of the
belief that while the national Irrigation
law may be a good thing for . the arid
States of Nevada, Utah and Arizona. It
was not a good thing for California, since
it would .prevent Independent irrigation
operations by this State. It Is claimed
that the lands In California which need
Irrigation are not strictly arid lands, as
understood by the Newlands act, and that
the State should not have to wait for tlte
slow processes of the national Govern
ment* when it desires to establish irriga
tion works.
About twenty of the delegates appoint
ed by the Governor and county legislative
and commercial bodies met with the Gov
ernor at the Capitol this afternoon and
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 12. — Governor
Pardee, accompanied by his private
secretary, A. B. Nye, will leave
for Ogden, ' Utah, to-morrow as a
delegate to . the National Irrigation
Congress, having been appointed as the
representative of the Oakland Board of
Trade.
Special Dispatch to The Call..
California Delegates to
Ogden Discuss the .
Newlands Act.
IRRIGATION LAW
NOT IN FAVOR
Paymaster Pearson Is Dead.
I NEW YORK, Sept. 12. — Clifford Pear
son, paymaster at the Boston navy yard
for thirty-eight years, Is dead at his
home in Plainfleld, N.J., after an illness
of two months from paralysis^ He served
during .the entire Civil War, and was
several- times mentioned for bravery lh
action.
Petitions to Administer Estate.
Abraham Kraus petitions for letters of
administration" on the estate of Barbetta
*Kraus, who died September 5, 1903. He
states he is her eldest son and that the
value of the estate; does not exceed $1000.
Of the 41,000,000 people in England more
than half of them i live on an income of
less than $12 a week, and the earnings of
T.0O0.OW of this number do not exceed $6 a
week for the family, j
SAN RAFAEL, Sepjt. 12.— Prison Direc
tor James H. Wilkln^ who was advocat
ing the appointment jo'f County Treasurer
Thomas J. Fallon for Warden of Folsom
and subsequently quoted in an interview
as advocating J. RtJl Stanley, to-day in
his own newspaper, Tocsin, absolute
ly denied any such statement. Mr. "Wil
kins in an editorial says:
"Relative to certain statements current
connecting ex-Sheriff! J. M. Stanley with
the appointment to j the wardenship of
Folsom prison, this paper departs from
its usual custom to eay this much: .The
office has not been {tendered to the gen
tleman by the Board of Prison Directors,
neither has the board nor any of its mem
bers telegraphed to Mr. Stanley, who is
now at Nome, that [the appointment was
open to him. From this It follows that
he could not have (wired his acceptance
and is not hurrying home to qualify , for
the position." i
Prison Director Wilkins States That
No Telegrani| Waa Sent
to Nome.
stanley not named ;
for folsomIj wabdenship
The Motoring Woman's Face.
Many women are discovering that "liv
ir.g on a motor car" is most destructive
of beauty. Moderate motoring, > by im
proving health and the capacity for sleep,
enhance* a woman's charm, but the hard
ened tourist type of IK) miles a day tans
and coarsens her skin and gets crow's
feet around her eyes, her face loses its
soft womanly contour and gains hardness
and determination.— The Tatler.
' Of the "crop"' of 1503 the Kentucky dis
tillers are making preparations for the
exportation cf 20,000 barrels of whisky to
German ports for storage. This is a new
Idea and is the first exportation in Ken
tucky history of any great amount of
young whisky to be matured in Europe.
It Is a novel incident of the trade. The
whisky to be sent abroad is intended
largely for the trade in California and
other Western States.— Pittsburg Post.
Aging Kentucky Whisky.
He- says it will be necessary for him to
vi3it New Jersey in order to settle some
property matters, but as soon aa he can
settle all ¦ his ¦ affaire and visit with his
brother he- will return to Yolo County
and make It his home for the remainder
of hla life. -
Mat Murray Irundled a wheelbarrow
across the plains In 1861. He says the
wheelbarrow Is still in Cacheville. His
intention has been 'to have it repaired
and trundle it back over the Bame route
to the St. Louis World's Fair. His eyes
became so sorely afflicted a short time
ago that ha . had about concluded that
he was physically unable to undertake
such a Journey. The discovery of his
brother has made it Quite certain that if
he acain crosses the continent it will be
In a Pullman palace car.
WOODLAND. Sept. 12.— The long parted
Murray brothers will have a 'happy reun
ion to-morrow. Both are now well along
in year3 and havo not seen each other
since they were boys.
Mat Murray arrived /In Woodland this
morning. He came as soon as he could
make the necessary arrangements after
learning that his" brother, T. A. Murray
of El Dorado County, had been here
searching for him. Mr. Murray will leave
to-morrow morning to Join hla brother in
Pleasant Valley.
The El Dorado County brother Is the
younger and was only 2 years old when
his mother died. ¦ Mat Murray looked
after him from that time until he waa
old enough to go ' out to work and take
care of himself. He .was working on a
New Jersey farm when his older brother
left for -California. They have not met
since that time, and for many years each
was unawaro of the whereabouts of the
other. The Circumstances which led up
to the discovery by the younger brother
that. Mat was in Yolo County and- in 111
health were narrated in The Call of Sep
tember 3. r V ; *
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The Pacific Coast Fjree Baptist Asso
ciation held its semi- annual conference
yesterday at the . Freftj Baptist Church,
1227 Bush street. This business session
was presided over by j Moderator A. C.
Daly of Oakland and j the work of ex
tending mission work in India and on the
Pacific Coast was discussed. In the af
ternoon an address was delivered by Rev.
M. J. Coldren of Chandbeli, India, his
subject being "Self-Denial."
Rev. Mr. Coldren will deliver an addres3
at this morning's servlbe at the Free Bap
tist Church, his topic being '"Mission Work
In India."
Free Baptist Church Conference.
Murray Brothers Now
to Meet in Pleasant
REUNION COMES
AFTER DECADES
Harlar.d. hastily putting his money In
his pocket, begged his pardon and said
a.« he was !caving very early the next
"inorninjr h<» had ventured to pay him on
the Sabbath.
In the black dawn Of a winter's morn
ing he put his head out of the window to
Kay to the caliman that he would be
down directly, and there beside the cab
Etood a dark, motionless figure.
"Who can be good enough to see me off
at this time in the morning?" thought
H&rlarjd.
When he cane down he found that the
deacon had come for his quarter. — New
York Times.
"Ah. my son, no business transactions
<5n the Sabbath day."
VrtDen Henry Harland was at Harvard
he spent his vacations at Norwich, Conn.
One Sunday he met an old friend of his
to whom he owed a quarter. As he was
leaving at 4:C0 Monday morning for the
long winter term he called to the old
gentleman and said:
"De.icon H., I owe you a quarter."
2Zew England Thrift.
The rest of the company were all ex
ceptionally good In the roles they played.
Not a hitch marred the work of anv of
the company even though It wag a first
night performance. The stage effects are
far above the. ordinary and in fact the
whole production is so good that it would
be hard to improve.upon it. There is lit
tie doubt that it will prove popular as long
as it runs.
Barry Maxwell, as the minister, was a
show in himself ; and every time he came
on the stage, it was a signal for a mur
mur of applause and laughter. Cecil Mag
nus, who acted the part of the friend and
adviser of the leading man. had plenty to
do at all times and he did it well.
Then Alice Johnson more than pleased
in the rn'.e of the woman who was un
consciously breaking up a happy home.
She played well and was the recipient of
many ovations. Emile La Croix as tho
French count, was a wonder for making
trouble for everyone In the cast. He has
the French accent and the French ways
down to a nicety and the way he fussed
and fumed around was laughable in the
extreme.
"A Friend of the Family" was produced
at the California Theater last night for
the nnst time, and before the Initial act of
the clever comedy had been played, the
audience felt satisfied. The piece Is a
comedy that really makes one laugh and
the actors are all capable of catering to
the tastes of the theater goer, so there is
no reason why "A Friend of the Family"
will not become a genuine favorite before
It has been produced many times.
George W. Barnum, in the title role —
the man with all the troubles— had a part
that is admirabli- suited to his taste.
From the moment he first made his ap
pearance till the curtain rajng down, he
kept the crowd in one round of laughter,
this by the unique way he tried to dodge
trouble, only to find more of It at every
turn.
Miss Mary Salowsky, 13% Eddy street,
secured a warrant from Police Judge Mo
fran yesterday for the arrest of B. C.
Park on a charge of felony embezzlement.
Bhe- alleged that ene soM to Park a fur
nishing goods etore at 232 Sixth street, to
be paid for in installments. There was
a safe in the store and she deposited with
Perk Jewelry c.f the value of 1293 for safe
keeping. When she called for her jew
elry a few days ago Park told her that
he had been pressed for money and had
pawned the articles.
Favras "Woman's Jewelry.
A group of Swedish players attracted a
larpe audience last evening at Turn Ver
rln Hall, 223 Turk street, when the well
known Swedish comedy, "Familjen Trog
_>c-I!n." was presented. The actors gave a
Spirited rendition of the play, which was
interepei-eed with songs, and the entire
performance wai keenly enjoyed. Those
'v.'hn took part in the performance were
O. F. Swenson, Mrs. Fred Johnson, Miss
Betty Vlnberg. Harry Mentzer, Miss Ag
nes Lundgren, Fred Johnson, Axel *Berg,
M. Lombard, Axel Alf and Mrs. H. M.
Llndskog. The entertainment closed with
a dance.
Present a Swedish Comedy.
BRIGHT COMEDY
PLEASES CROWD
SANTA CLARA, Sept 12.-Professor
James IL Lawrie, for more than
half a century professor of music
in Santa Clara College, died this
morning In Sa.n Francisco, aged 77
years. When but a young man, slightly
past his majority, Mr. Lawrie became
master of music in the early history of
the Jesuit College and the associate of
Fathers Nobili (founder of the institu
tion), Accolti. Caredda. Villager, Varsi,
Brunengo, Pinasco and others of the ear
nest succession who labored for the estab
lishment and extension of the school.
It was in 1S51 that Mr. Lawrie first be
came identified with the college faculty
and he' remained in the position of mu
sical Instructor without interruption up
to the time of his resignation last year.
Since "that time he'had lived 1n"San Fran
cisco. He had property interests here and
the remains will be brought here for In
terment. He leaves a wife, two daughters
and one son. The family home is at 404
Central avenue. San Francisco.
Rear Admiral Francis A. Cook, who
commanded the Brooklyn at Santiago,
was retired to-day aiter forty years' ser
vic^ on his own application.
Special Dispatch to The Call
This afternoon at 3 o'clock at the Young
Men's Christian Association building Rev.
W. H. Williams, known (as the "drummer
evangelist," will give one of his most in
teresting services before the mass-meet
ing for men; subject, h'Breaklng Home
Ties." There will be Special music for
the occasion and the services will be ex
clusively for men. I
Rev. E. A. Ross will preach at Penlel
Mission, Pine and Kearny streets, at 8
p. m., and at 49 Third jjtreet at 2:30 p. m.
t0 - day - _ _
Very Rev. H. H. Wyman, C. S. P., who
has been in New York during the summer
attending the general chapter of the com
munity, will preach this evening in the
Paulist Fathers' Church, j
Dr. Henry Frank will preach this after
noon in Golden Gate Hall. He will use
for his topic "The God of Science Versus
the God of Religion." j
Regular services will be held at the
Temple Emanu-El this j morning. Dr.
Voorsanger will commemorate the thir
tieth anniversary of hii ministry. The
services will be a historical review enti
tled "Then and Now." On this occasion
Cantor Stark will be assisted by the full
choir in special music. I;
Rev. Father Woods wil| preach at the
10:30 o'clock mass this morning in St. Ig
natius Church. Rev. Father Riordan will
preach In the evening. Jj
Plymouth Congregational — Morning,
preaching; evening, "The Destiny of
Man." Pastor, Rev. I. C. IMeserve.
First United Presbyterian — Morning,
"The Eleventh Commandment"; evening,
"Diligence in Business." Pastor, Rev. H.
H. Bell.
First Unitarian— Morning, "I Am." Pas
tor,< Rev. Bradford Leavltt.
Second Unitarian— "The Meaning of
Life," by W. C. Maxwell. No services in
the evening.
Third Congregational— Morning, "Work
ing IJard and Waiting Long on tbe Gospel
of Cause and Effect;" evening, "God
First; or the Man Who "Would Bury His
Father." Pastor. Rev. William Rader.
First Church of Christ. Scientist—Morn
ing, "Matter"; evening, "The Bible and
Science and Health, With 1 Key to the
Scriptures."
First English Lutheran— Morning, "The
Drama of Humanity as the Ange'ls See
It"; evening, "The Fifth Day o' Crea
tion." Pastor, Rev, E. Nelander.
First Congregational— Morning, "The
Power of a Blameless Life"; evening,
"Unstable as Water." Pastor, Rev.
George C, Adams.
Services at the churches this day are as
follows:
Father Wyman Returns From East
and Will Preach at the Paul
ist Church. I
SERVICES AT CHURCHES OF
DIFFERENT DENOMINATIONS
Professor Lawrie of Santa
Clara College Passes
Away.
PROFESSOR OF MUSIC AT SAN
TA CLARA COLLEGE WHO
DIED.
"So far It has proved inadvisable to lm
:t>ort foresters from Europe. Tho Ameri
can forester has to be thoroughly ac
quainted with his country. He must be
cble to tell a man how much his forest
Is worth now and what it will bo worth
. in tyeotjr-flva years.
"The preservation, of our forest* de
• ?>«nds more on private land owners than
on the Government because the bulk of
¦ forest development is at present in the
hands of private Individuals. The Gov
ernment has been greatly cramped in its
work through the lack of a sufficient
corps of foresters. The United States has
Sousd !t necessary to put its forest re
.eerves under the supervision of good men
and the different States must do the
same."
"A man may look forward to the mak
ing of a decent living but not a fortune
in tha profession of forestry. The ma
jority of those who have undertaken the
profession have dropped It because they
• were not adequately prepared. A good
forester should be not only a scientific
nan but a practical logger.
"There should be a school of forestry on
this coast because the forest question
both here and In the Philippines Is com
ing to be of the greatest Importance.
Such a school should be post-graduate in
order to turn out the most thoroughly
•¦quipped men poselble. The field of for
'"-.'ry affords a great opportunity to young
Tr.en at the present time. Fifty foresters
la the field now could be of more service
than five hundred some years hence. In
ray opinion there is no question that
the demand for foresters will exceed the
supply for some time to come. We are
.now on the verge of popular approval of
¦ forestry and Interest la the problem of
forest preservation is bound to increase.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept 12.—
Glffard Plnchot, Chief of the United
States Bureau of Forestry, delivered a
lecture in the old chapel la?t night on
the subject, "Forestry as a Profession."
The epeaker etrongly urged young men
to take up forestry as a profession and
advocated the establishment of a school
of forestry on this coast.
The Idea has received consideration at
Stanford before by those Interested in
that line of scientlf.c work and It is un
<Jersteod that eventually such a depart
ment will be created In the university.
President Jordan said this morning that
vhile the matter had been considered by
the authorities, no step in that direction
Trould probably be taken by the Board of
Trustees until after the completion of all
the college building* at least. Plnchot
epoks In part as follow?:
Special Dlepatcn to The Call.
WOODLAND, Sept 12.-Mias Eva Car
roll of Sacramento had been a pupil at
Holy Rosary Academy for two years. She
returned a few days ago and resumed her
studies for the present term. She attend
ed her classes until a few minutes of 3
o'clock yesterday afternoon, when she
laid by her books and notified the Sisters
that she was 18 years of age on- that day
and that she was going to leave the acad
emy. She said she Intended to go away
with a young man whom she had prom
ised to marry.
Her teachers remonstrated, but without
avail. As the young lady ¦was of age and
accountable to no one for her actions, she
left the premises at once, and ion Main
street was Joined by a young man from
Sacramento named Jud Flint. - [.
Flint and Miss Carroll applied for and
obtained a marriage license in Sacramento
late in the afternoon and were married in
the evening.
The climax was not altogether unex
pected. The two had been sweethearts
for some time. The father of Miss Car
roll strongly objected to a marriage, at
least at present, and urged her to com
plete her education. He sent her to Holy
Rosary Academy, hoping that new asso
ciations and environments might change
her mind. The Sisters, were | fully ap
prised of the situation. She was obedient
to the wishes of her father and the au
thority of her teachers until the day she
arrived at a lawful age, when she could
assert her rights.
She is a beautiful and highly accom
plished young woman and has musical
talent of a high order. Young Flint is the
son of a prominent Sacramento farmer
and hopgrower. He is a promising young
athlete, has been frequently fengaged in
amateur football contests and! is well and
favorably known in Woodland.
Spoclal Dispatch to Th« Call.
Miss Eva Carroll Surprises
Academy Teachers in
Woodland.
Preservation of the Trees
Now Becoming More
Important.
Sacramento Young Miss
Asserts Her Rights .
and Weds.
Federal Official Talks
to the Stanford
Studenta
LEAVES SCHOOL
FOR THE ALTAR
URGES FORESTRY
AS PROFESSION
NOTABLE
MUSICIAN'S
WORK ENDS
NEW YORK, Sept. 12. — Twenty-eight
tobacco shops in this city owned by the
Independent Cigar Stores Company, are
reported to have been purchased by the
United dlgar Stores Company, and the
strife between the two combinations is
at' an end. . It is said that more than a
half million dollars was paid.
Cigar Store Companies End Strife.
Mr. and Mrs. A. W. Scott Jr. have re
turned to the city after several months
abroad and have taken up their residence
at the Palace Hotel. ..<:-.
' Mr. and Mrs. Gerhard "Wetnpe, who are
spending their honeymoon in Europe, are
at present In Brussels.
:¦ ' f . * • ?
Miss Vlda A. Swain,' daughter of C. T.
Swain, and Eugene J. Phillipg, son of H.
G. Phillips, were the principals at a quiet
home wedding last Wednesday. Rev.
John Stephens performed the ceremony at
the residence of the bride's parents, Ho
tel Avalon,' on Bush street. Cut- flowers
and foliage 'were effectively arranged for
decoration throughout the rooms.
Mr. and Mrs. Phillips are spending their
honeymoon in Sonoma and Mendocino
counties', and upon. their return will re
side, in this city. .
Mr. and Mrs. George P. Beardsley Jr.,
nee Robinson, have returned from their
wedding trip to Southern 'California and
are at their apartments on Sutter street,
near Fillmore.
Mr. and Mrs. John D. Spreckols Jr. are
entertaining a pretty little daughter at
their home, 2617 Pacific avenue.
Preparations are being made for the
household | shower which will be given
by the Alden Club at Sorosis Hall on the
afternoon of October 17. No announce
ment cards are being sent out, but those
interested In the work of this little club,
which is a branch of the International
Sunshine Society, are invited to attend.
In addition to the sales in various de
partments, an entertaining programme
will be rendered. A feature of the pro
gramme will be impersonations by Jean
Durell. rv< . .
Any articles Intended for the sale may
be sent to any members of the following
committee in charge of arrangements:
Miss Jennie McFarland, Miss Virginia
Dare, Miss Lavina Gloating, Miss Meta
Stofen, Miss Marie Denervaud, Miss Ab
ble Edwards, Miss Elizabeth Edwards,
Mi?s Netta Sexton, Miss Sadie Fitch and
Miss Mabel Aycr.
The board of lady managers of the San
Francisco Nursery for Homeless Children
will hold a public reception at the nur
sery, 1534 Mission street, next Saturday
afternoon from 2 to 6 o'clock.
WILL HOLD
A RECEPTION
AT NURSERY
THE gAN FKAKC1SCO CALI)^ SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, X903.
A well-equipped eye sanatorium win
Boon 'be -traveling through Egypr In a
tent.
33
. . ADVESTISEMEKT5. "
I MY GRAND OFFER TO Mp/j
I I /""**^T xten^ One Month Longer,; ;>
B / H§9 ' nave (tedded a lain to extend my grand offer '. 3
" f?s 4M.BU- *S§3 of treatment at one-half my regular fee. This £*
? JOT raft* * £9*9 means If you are affected with any uncomplicated S
O 1/ uV alImcnt » ' w '" cure you for $25.00 and accept the 8
V \Jr^ ¦/ mone y In any way you wish to pay. AH cases ac- o
« sP^fc li cepted by me are taken under a positive guar- §
8 wfflt^ 1 antee to cure, or money refunded. My records S
o JfrK* show that three-fourths of my patients have §
o " / F%i — K either been pronounced Incurable, or failed to let o
P 1 **l / relief from other physicians. • I cure such cases P
g I En / ' simply because I understand them, so If you have S
<3 dr. holrman. become discouraged, come to me and talk It over, ft
g ci"ilt I have become famous by curlnj the. followlni &
X O- 6 aliments: \S
Q Zioit Vitality Xldney and ' I Strlctura, Bnptor* ! &
O Wcrvoui BablUty Bladder DiBeuss Varicocel*. Tamora S
O Special Diseases XTnnatural I.o«ses I Sluuei of the '• <>
ri Blood Poison . rrcnatur* Saeay | Heart, Ziiuigv, oto. g
O I make no charge tor a friendly t«Ik or correspondent*. I have Been exclusive/ * Q
O treating special diseased of tn«n for 17 years. Nothing icienc* can devise or money bur $5
n is lacking In my office equipment. I will use you ' honestly, treat you skillfully and g
g restore you to health In the shortest time, with the least medicine, discomfort and ex- cj
w ¦ pense practicable. I guarantee to euro any ca?e I undertake. On* personal visit is . h.-
ej always preferred, but If you cannot call at bit offtc* wtlt« m« your symptom* Xully. *' J*
« Many casea can be cured at home. FREE BOOK describing my specialty at offlc* O
Jx> or by mail. j O
8 P i< Hfll CM AM M Tl 729 MARKET ST. (Tcp Floor'. 8. P. g
g b. IV. nULOlYIAnl, IV]. U., Hours- J to » Dally; Sunday 0 to 12 S
ADVERTISEMENTS.
||^ES^S®&|v3L9@ i!^P^£J^KS!IP'^&tiS%@^JUJSJNIl^ t h ' ng^E?331E^^^^^^™"gSiBtg & ¦AM duplicate stock carried in our immense
H icy liberal, oar Roods the best arid oar prices the lowest. - Always 'remember' your
I * credit is cood. Nufced. •; • / „
Wardrobe- Solid oak ~ . . .- so^ai.^ifc
paneled doors, ample Dresser— Selected hard lnree-piece Bedroom bUlt — Massive oak suit, Cbiffonier-^SoHd oak fin! ' h - art!stlcaU {
cr m C mo f dL C ! Oth dr K aUr? S^SffiAS carved and finished in the .best possible man- «?i*Vj?, h i»S?',£55.- E«« '
= GARRETS - - - •; ' '••;
! - , , . ¦ • ¦ ' . • '¦¦¦-; 4
[1 Our Carpet Floor Is a Veritable Symphony of Color. AH the Latest Designs, Carloads ol Them, Just Arrived. \ "'-i -
,jj *«^ .^^^i^ww^wm-wpiwm Bi£clow Axminsters, Wiltons, Hartford and Smith Axminsters, Vel- ,_-*»H£$fe*tf
= vets, Body Brussels, Tapestry Brussels or* Ingrains. No matter how '^^^^^^^''J
I 'if '/WlffiWl'Wi ''//zM^/\ ill fastidious you may be we can please you. The items listed below will g y
Iii // fa'/?Ui'''jy / HI $w////fy / / lH fi' vc J' ou an idea of oun prices. Exclusive designs in Bigelow Axminsters^ teKSs^ixJiypy^^**
m J^MtW teQ/ffitfr iffl TADF^TRV TARDFTSi — Beautiful new patterns, a quality that will give ab-ilA^ Itsf •'"¦¦'< /;g jj-glfl , ''__
m /$?//,/> 1^'%%/// 3&1 1^^1-JllVl V/AAfLU solute satisfaction. Per yard UUC $ > 7 /<'.'. #|g|jfegj3a
VtL'f^I^IIZa^r* "' " %m DRU^FT f ARDFT —" Copics of Bodv Brussels designs, a large ranse of patterns 2 Mm $fz^X^"'^A
I " '"'///? '/ II mwjji-i-j v*u\rL,* to c h O o3e from., many of them exclusive. Borders to^r lal^r^aKilSBB '
'111 li^iii 1 " il /Miffs, Ira " IWVnV DDTI^KFT — Designs of unusual beauty. Xo carpet made to equal C* \ lgj. ( .ti&MViiSSSRBBBA '.':.
BS^-'" '¦ SB DU "» HKU^3CL3 this WO nderful weave for wear. Price per yard 4>1.£D $P^T*^S8lS
J^§** •'•;-- ''';'¦:?"« (H <MTTH'^ AYMTM^TFT? TARIiFT — Aft excellent quality. A wide range of pat- f : - ' /' a^St*3BSB \
8 WWlf$mf/AM*k 1 : iMUn5/UM^ MtK tAKPtT terns,mw of them exclusive, fine ffi ?r W^MM^^W'
$1 <^ii>liPfil! /^M//m \ \ deep pile, exquisite coloring, soft and delightful to the tread. Per yard cJpl*«?3 M ' pW igJCT^^
M}i^0&^^S^^B ALL-WOOL INGRAIN ~ The "?° d old-fash!oned weaves that appear never to wear §ig^P^l|g|
I %^SF^5?^fe^«3^^^»£^ «ffll <r " L *** T * v " 1 '** **!***v^a*i Qut Larce or small designs on hcrht or dark /IC^ &$ ™ nm " r W" n "~" r " " r «SJ j
ll " ri »<$g||g| grounds. Some very beautiful, designs. Reversible; full yard wide. Price UJC $_T" •S^. %£Z
Sffl£ M* ACATF DR ft RRTT^Fl C— Sanitary, moth-proof, reversible; full yard wide. r/\- <~- -• ,.
*p <gk AUAlL Pi?v JJJ-.JLJ p r ice ... . 4liC ComblnationBookcaae—
Bookcase — Quarter-sawed oak: gold- T TNftT FT7M — Made of best linseed oil and pulverized cork. A number of at-f ri swell front; curio cabinet;
en finish: beaded top; large enough «-**w*-*-v«* tractive patterns. Per square yard , 4DC to lfi, dr^ we ? : commodious
for the average library: finished in rn pi> f ARDFT -Equals Linoleum for wear. Deadens all sound. Soft andtf « #%n i SpoSSbil to ; JeErtbeTone
bine g rn^ke 1 ' $18.75 V ' iUV^ L1 delightful to the tread. Pleasing in color. Price per sq. yd.iJI.^J) £j d m^ b<u |^£V 0
I^ m _ I.,,.,,,- ,¦¦ " • : • ........... . :. '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. LAWRESCE'S WONDERFUL NEW IMPROVED |j
IS^ VACUUM DEVELOPER I
JrSf^&T With Tiexr Paten tetl I'trtect Diaphragm, and Other EJ
•*** 9 y3l? Improvrment«..Sold Only by U«. • B
*£*- Onlokly llcnlorr* Lout Strength. Permanently Cared W
#3s2S Varlcocrle. Drains, Stricture and Proatatto Trouble* I
I bra ¦lmple HOME TIII2AT.MEJVT. H
f: Tbe VACUUM UliVEIX»I»EK ¦umulmte» and enerjrirem the nervo El
I ' force and Infiucea a full and free circulation of blood Into the deblll- M
r tiled parts thus permanently strengthening- and developing them. fj
<f : Call cr write for «ur 64-pag:e Illustrated book No. 0. «howln» th» |4
m j Bile ryetem and explaining our special treatment. ' |lj
£u t Eent plain scaled free. 13
¦!¦ All DlieaicR of Men, Contracted Disorders, etc.. treated and H
*f? eur*d by our *peclall«ti. even when others fall. - •JSttttS" ft
h ' Consultation Free and confidential, at' offices or by mall. |3
l^!' Hours 9 a. m. to 9 p- m. Sundays. 10 a. m. to 1 p. m. Open evenings. ||
S-jXh \. Jio Bloney Ileqnlred Until r^red. rj
HEALTH APPLIANCE CO., I
6 O'Farrell St., near Market St., San Fruncisco. |DEPUTY UNITED STATES MARSHAL. INVOLVED IN CHINESE SUB
STITUTION SCANDAL. AND TWO ATTORNEYS WHOSE NAME8 ARE
CONNECTED UNPLEASANTLY WITH THE MATTER.
worth refused to give the slightest hint
of what was developed.
PRACTICE EXTENDS BACK.
"I regret that I cannot make public the
result of my investigations," he said,
"but the interest of justice demands the
utmost-' secrecy in order that those who
ere suspected of complicity In this sub
stitution business may not be forewarn
ed and d's-appear. I will present the mat
ter to the United States Grand Jury next
week, pot'sibly not before Friday.
"I am satisfied from my Investigations
that this system of substitution has been
going on for some time, just how long I
am not prepared to say. Undoubtedly
there are many Chinamen now In this
country who have been ordered to be de
ported and in whoso stead other men
have been sent back."
"Do you intend to present to the Grand
Jury evidence of these former - substitu
tions?" he was asked.
"Undoubtedly," he replied.
He intimated that while most of the
evidence relating to these past cases had
disappeared with the return of the sub
stitutes to their native land, still there
was some attainable that might be suf
ficient to secure the conviction of the
guilty parties..
. STJSPICTOTJS PROCEDTTItE.
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock . readily, recalled the circumstances
surrounding the remanding of the Chi
nese escapes and In the light of present
developments these appear to be suspi
cious. 'On September 10, the day before
the Gaelic Balled, Lee Fook Den, repre
sented by Attorney George A. McGowan,
and Jul Wing Chung, represented by At
torney Alfred ¦¦ Worley, were remanded
Preparing for Tug-of-War.
Preparations for the tug of war tourna
ment to be held In Central Park on Oc
tober 1 are under way. Twelve teams
have already signified their Intention of
competing. It will be a labor carnival In
the truest sense of the word. Many of
the unions will be represented by teams
and the laboring classes will take a keen
Interest In tha outcome of the tourna
ment. It is to continue for ten nights and
the winning teams will be awarded hand
some prizes. 1 1 A
TWO BIG BALLOONS.
Vosmer and Kile. AnetL
On this afternoon the much talked of
balloon race will take place at Coney
Island, near Cllu House, between Pro
fessor Vosmer and Mile. Anetl, to decid»
the championship of the world for a
purse of J500. •
Trapper' cOU curea rheumatism and neural*!*.
DniKKlata, 00c flask. Richard & Co., 400 CUy. •
The First Battalion of Artillery. Na
tional Guard of California, Major H. P.
Bush commanding, left the Ellis-street
armory on Admission day for a day's
drill and instruction with the high pres
sure guns at. the Presidio. The battalion
marched to the spot.
The command reported to Captain J. w.
Hinckley, Artillery Corps, United States
army, at 9 o'clock in the morning and it
was immediately ordered to "Battery
Slaughter" for instruction. Lieutenant G.
S Garber of the Artillery Corps. United
State's army, assisted in the instruction.
At the battery the command was in
structed In the nomenclature of the gun
and carriage, as well as mechanism, it
being the first time that the National
Guardsmen were at the eight-inch guns,
previous instruction having been given at
Battery Cranston, where there are ten
inch guns. Subsequently the command
was divided into three gun detachments,
with the usual details for observation,
range-flndlng, platting and ammunition.
Those who had not been previously in
structed were placed at gun 3, under com
mand of Lieutenant Garber. In a few
hours he had his detachment in such
shape that it could take observations,
make predictions and load and fire the
gun In three minutes.
The men worked very hard, being kept
at the guns continuously unu. 4 o'clock
in the afternoon with a short interval for
lunch, which was served at the emplace
ments so as to save time. The men
evinced much interest in and paid a great
deal of attention to the Instruction, al
though the day was very warm. They
practically put In the time usually allotted
to a three days' drill by the regulars.
The men of this battalion are deserving
of praise for their efforts to perfect them
selves in the branch ¦ of the service to
which they have been assigned, .their ser
vice when at the guns being more oner
ous than that of the regulars, as they are
compelled, on account of the shortness of
the time they can remain at the guns, to
take advantage of every moment's in
struction.'
Captain Petty acted as battery officer,
with Captains Keealing and Grattan and
Lieutenants Varney and Knerr as range
officers. v.
Both Captain Hlnckley and Lieutenant
Garber expressed themselves as well
satisfied with the progress the men made
and are now- preparing plans for instruc
tion at the battalion armory, -to be fol
lowed by drill at the guns each month.
Captain .Thomas ; A. Neruey, command-
Ing the Naval Militia. of California, will
go on the retired list October 1. It is
probable that he will be succeeded by
Commander G. W. Bauer.
The several battalions of the First In
fantry are arranging • for battalion drills
on Van Ness avenue."
Comprehensive Maneu
vers by First Artil
lery Battalion.
Tom Yung, who was arrested by Chi
nese Inspector Mehan Friday night In
connection with the substitution charges,
was released yesterday morning on bonds
of $5000 furnished by a surety company.
He kept out of sight all day and could
not be Interviewed. He Is a storekeeper,
a man of considerable wealth and a prom
inent mover in . the Chinese Educational
Society, an organization famous for • its
Tom Martin, the hackman whose name
Is connected with the substitution . along
with that of Gamble, has been doing this
kind of work for the United States Mar
shal's office for many years. Heretofore
he has escaped any scandal and was re
tained by Marshal Shine when he took
office, because of his good record. He
corroborates Gamble In every particular
and says that the substitution must have
been made on shipboard.
On September 4 Dong Poy, one of the
escapes, was remanded to the County
Jail at the request of his attorney, Frank
V. Bell, who made no attempt to establish
his client's right to remain, in this coun
try. Two months ago the cases of Lun
Fook, Lee Hon and Lim Soon were dis
posed of in like manner. The whole pro
ceeding seemed to indicate, In the light
of present developments, that the parties
to the suit were satisfied to get into the
County Jail, knowing that substitutes
would be secured for them and placed
aboard the ship for deportation.
MAKTIN'S LONG SERVICE.
without a hearing* on the request of their
counsel, who said that their clients Were
hopeless of establishing their right to re
main In this country and were anxious to
return on the steamer Gaelic. They were
accordingly' sent to the County Jail to
await deportation.
blackmailing propensities and general
crooked work. For a long time It levied
a head tax of $40 ori every Chinese woman
landed- at this port, whether she was re
spectable or not. The strictness of the
inspectors for the last year, and a half
has practically prohibited the landing of
Chinese women and the prime movers of
the Educational Society have been looking
for som« other means of "graft."
MILITIA HANDLES
THE HEAVY GUNS
Good printing: la the first quality to employ
in any business. Mysell-Rolhns, 22 Clay. •
The botanical papers report that De
Vries. the great Dutch experimental evo
lutionist, has by long continued selection
produced a variety of , clover which has
normally four leaves.
The San Francisco £70
Is almost constantly Irritated by wind
and mineral-laden dust; inflammation,
redness, itching and burning, followed by
granulated eyelids, cxe the results.
MURINE EYE REMEDY gives quick re
lief. Doesn't smart; soothes eye pain;
makes weak eyes strong.. Your druggist
or optician sells Murine at 50 cents. *
S. C. Doyle and William Galvin, who
give theiraoccupation. as switchmen, were
arrested yesterday morning by Policemen
McN'amara. and Clue and booked at the
City Prison on a charge of obtaining
money by false pretenses. They are two
of the men who have been collecting
money from merchants In this city and
Los Angeles for a "Mrs. Davis," whose
husband was alleged to have been killed
in a railroad accident. They had with
them. a circular letter, purporting to be
signed by the secretaries of the Switch
men's Union and the Brotherhood of Lo
comotive Engineers authorizing them to
collect subscriptions.
Two of the gang called upon Nathan,
Dohrmann & Co. some weeks ago asking
for a subscription, but F. W. Dohrmann
became suspicious and went to the tele
phone to notify the police. The men ran
away. Dohrmann made the matter pub
lic at the time, but the men continued to
solicit and receive subscriptions.
Last Thursday Doyle andGalvln made a
canvass of the Rialto building and one of
the subscribers there was L. L. Long, sec
retary of the Pacific Lumber Company.
He subsequently learned that the men
were frauds and made the fact known
throughout the building.
Yesterday morning Doyle and Galvin
ngaln visited the Rialto building, but they
soon nuspected that something was wrong
and left. The superintendent of the
building followed them till he met Police
men McN'amara and Clue on Third street.
He told the officers what the men had
been doing, and the policemen went after
them. Doyle and Galvin separated as
soon as they saw the officers were fol
lowing them, and ran. Doyle was cap
tured and taken to the City Prison, and
half an hour later Galvin was found hid
ing under a bed in the Revere House, on
Fourth street, near Mission.
The Supreme Court In a decision ren
dered yesterday e«tablished the prece
dent that the Judge of a Superior Court
can punish for contempt a witness who
refuses to answer proper questions In the
taking of a deposition. It is declared fur
thermore that the Judge can impose an
adequate penalty Immediately without the
filing of a formal complaint. The point is
a new one in California jurisprudence and
in fact there are -no exactly analogous
cases in the court records of other States.
H. J. Crocker hid commenced an ac
tion in the court of which N. P. Conrey
was judge and the latter was taking a
deposition when the witness refused to
answer any questions relating to the mat
tr r in controversy. Plaintiffs demanded
that the man giving the deposition be pun
ished for contempt and compelled to an
swer proper and pertinent questions.
Judge Conrey held that he was not act
ing in an official capacity when taking
the deposition and Crocker's attorneys
petitioned the Supreme Court for a writ
of mandamus compelling the Judge to
punish the recalcitrant witness for con
tempt. ,
The last named tribunal has held recent
ly in the case of Burns vs. Superior Court
that a witness who refuses to answer
proper questions when giving a deposition
before a notary public may be punished
for contempt. In that case, the filing of
a formal complaint before a judicial offi
cer is necesary before the witness may
b* sent to jail.
The Supreme Court holds in the present
instance that a Superior Court Judge Is
acting in an official capacity when taking
a deposition and that there is no need
that he be appraised by affidavit of facts
of which he Is already cognizant but that
he chould fine the witness immediately
and send him to jail until he shall be
ready to answer proper questions.
The Supreme Court also decided that
Auditor Browning of Yo!o County must
draw salary warrants In favor W. A. An
drews, who is engaged in a legal fight
for the District Attorneyship of the coun
ty. Andrews received a certificate of elec
tion, but H. L. Huston, a rival candidate,
began a contest for the office. The Su
perior Court decided in favor of the con
testant and the case is now on appeal in
the Supreme Court.
Although it is cuite possible that An
drews be counted out. the court holds that
he has the right to collect the salary of
( the District Attorney since he has been
igiven a certificate of election and is dis
charging the duties of the office.
Supreme Court Establishes
Frecedent in Legal
Procedure.
Make Canvass of the Rialto
Building and Are
Recognized.
Arrest of Two Men Who
Have Been Fleecing
Merchants.
Judge Taking Deposi
tion May Punish for
Contempt.
V . . %'.
UNITED STATEd DISTRICT AT
TORNEY WOODWORTH and hia
assistants are making a searching
Inquiry into the circumstances
surrounding the substitution Fri
day of six decrepit Chinamen for six
young men who were ordered deported
on the steamer Gaello because they were
not entitled to land in this country. As
far as the Investigation had proceeded
yesterday, the indications were that a
conspiracy will be uncovered Involving
several officials and a number of outsiders
who are suspected of systematic substi
tution of Chinese ordered for deportation.
From 9 o'clock in the morning until r
o'clock In the afternoon the United States
District Attorney and his assistants, D.
E. ilcKinlay and B. J. Banning, were en
gaged In examining the six Chinamen who
were substituted somewhere between the
county jail and the steerage of the steam
er Gaelic, for a half dozen young China
men who had been denied admission to
the country. The examination was con
ducted wiUj_the utmost difficulty, as the
witnesses were not only unwilling to an
swer, but In the opinion of the officials
present, had been thoroughly coached for
Just such an emergency to disclose as lit
tle Information as possible.
MANY IMPLICATED.
Although United States District Attor
ney Woodworth refused to divulge any
thing regarding the nature of the devel
opments reached yesterday, it was learn
ed that sufficient information was gained
from the substitutes to connect directly
with the crime three white men and one
Chinaman. Who these are can only be
surmised, but the developments already
made public point to DeputyUnited States
Marshal W. P. Gamble, Hack Driver
Thomas Martin and an unknown white
man, and Tom Yung, a Chinese meVchant
having a store at &56 Dupont street.
Suspicion of guilt does not stop here.
The names of George A. McGowan, Al
fred Worley and Frank V. Bell, who* have
been doing a remarkably large business
on behaif of Chinese ordered to be de
ported, are being connected in an un
pleasant manner with the present case.
In addition there is a decided clash be
tween the offices of the United States
Marshal and the Chinese Inspection Bu
reau and as a result there are undercur
rents of counter charges that may lead to
disclosures that will seriously compromise
these two departments.
Outside of the United States Marshal's
office the complicity of Gamble in the
substitution proceedings is generally re
garded by officials as established. The
Chinese Inspectors, who decline to talk
for publication, are a unit in declaring
his guilt. The United States District At
torney's office seems to share this belief.
His exculpation must of* necessity in
volve Chinese and Custom-house inspec
tors who were on the Gaelic when he de
livered the six Chinamen.
SHINE SUPPORTS GAMBLE.
On the other hand United States Mar
shal ' John H. Shine is positive that his
subordinate is entirely guiltless. He says
he has known him for more than thirty
years and he has absolute confidence in
his integrity. He first appointed Gamble a
bailiff in 1899 and on January 9, 1901, made
him a Deputy United States Marshal.
Previous to that time Gamble had been
in the butcher business in Modesto and
enjoys a splendid reputation there. Mar
shal Shine was present during the exam
ination of the six Chinamen yesterday and
stated at its conclusion that in his opinion
there was nothing developed that would
connect Gamble with the substitution. He
said that five of the Chinamen had failed
totally to Identify Gamble as the man
who had conducted them from Chinatown
and the sixth had made an identification
in such an unsatisfactory manner as to
convince him that it was- false.
GAMBLE'S STATEMENT.
Gamble does not bear the appearance of
a guilty man. He discusses his connec
tion with the case . freely but without
making any direct accusations against
anyone for the substitution. He sticks to
the story he told In the first place, main
taining unflinchingly that the men he se
cured at the County Jail were the men he
delivered to the steward of the steamer.
He admits that the six men taken from
the Gaelic are not the men ordered de
ported, whom he claims to have delivered.
"What is your explanation for this sub
stitution?" he was asked. •
"There is only one," he said,. "and that
is that the six men now in custody were
substituted on board the ship."
When ' it was suggested that Chinese
inspectors were present and allowed no
Chinamen to land he ansjwered that there
were several gangplanks and it was pos
sible that the Inspectors had been ¦ a lit
tle lax In watching them all. He said
the steward of the vessel merely locked
the Chinamen up and went about' his
other duties and it was possible for some
one with duplicate keys to release them.
CONTBADICT DEPUTY.*
Contradicting Gamble are Inspector of
Customs Joseph Wilson, several employes
of the Pacific Mail Company and a watch
man at the gangplank of the Gaelic, in
addition to Steerage Steward Leslie's
written statement taken before his de
parture. . All those named declare that
the six men now being held are the Iden
tical ones delivered at . the steamer by
Gamble. It was remarked at the time
he brought them that the men were un
usually old to have come from China
only a few months before. Inspector Wil
son says that Gamble started to go away
after turning the men over to Steward
Leslie and was called back by him with
the advice that he had better. aee his men
locked up. Gamble then , went to • the
steerage and watched the steward put the
men under lock and key. ....
It required the services of three In
terpreters to secure connected stories
from the .six substitutes during the ex
amination by . District 'Attorney Wood
worth. First Interpreter Gubbins was
tried, but failed to secure any Informa
tion from Ah Gat, an old Chinaman, who
admits having been in this country for
more than forty years. Then D. D. Jones;
the regular interpreter attached j to - the
United States District Attorney's office,
was given a chance and failed likewise.
Finally Dr. J. E. Gardiner,, the Chinese
inspector, was called In and he succeeded
in drawing forth whatever information
was obtained from . the sextet.
TELL SAME STOEY.
, The witnesses all told practically the
same story. They said that they went
to the store of Tom Yung, where they
were told they could return to , China
without paying fare and would receive a
bonus provided they followed Instruc
tions. Subsequently they were given $30
by Tom Yung and told to' be "at certain
localities in Chinatown on the morning
of September .11. -They were picked up
one by one by a white man whom they
describe as being thin, with a light mus
tache and a few tufts of hair on his
chin. They were taken first to a' "big,
red building," where they were escorted
up two or three flights of stairs" and
locked in a room. A little later they were
released and taken in a hack to the Pa
cific Mail Dock_ and put aboard . the ship.
Gamble was called In for Identification
and all but one said he was not the man
.who brought them from Chinatown.. This
one said he thought he' was the man,' but
the identification was made In such a way
as to leave a doubt as to whether he
meant that Gamble was the, man 'who
took him. to the dock or who escorted him
from Ctlnatown.
There were other revelations made dur
lng'the examination that are regarded as
import ant by the officials ¦ engaged In it
ar,d which are said to implicate others
in : the substitution scheme, but these are
being seduously ' kept secret.
United ' States District Attorney "Wood-
OBTAIN MONEY
BY A SWINDLE
VEXATIOUS LAW
POINT DECIDED
THE SAN FEAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1903.
CH INESE SUBSTITUTION FRAUDS
INVOLVE VERY MANY PERSONS
Secret Investigation by United States District At
.torney Shows Long Practice by This Method of
Unlawfully Admitting Mongolians to This Land
34
ADVEBTISZM2NTSL
This week we will show com-
plete lines of new goods in our
silk department, including taf-
fetas, crepe de chines, silk pop-
lins, peau de soies, velvets and
velveteens.
A Few SpeciaSs
20-Inch BLACK TAFFETA SILK, Yeru HeaYB aualltu,
•;.. 63c uard
20-Inch BLACK PEAU DE SOIE, warranted pure silk:
and" a Yeru lustrous finish 75c ua?l
20-Inch COLORED PEAU DE SOIE In a full assort-
ment or the nswest shades 35c Bard
24-lnch COLORED CREPE * DE CHINE, all pure Silk
and vero high finish; 20 different shades, SI uard
20-Inch POLKA DOT SILK POPLINS, In nam hrown,
- cardinal and cream, with solid colored dots,
...SI.00 uard
21-Inch POLKA DOT TAFFETA LOUISINE, In naYTJ,
hrown, hlacir and cardinal grounds, with white
dots, latest goods for Fall costumps, Sl.25uard
22-Inch METAL PRINT DOTTED .VELVETEENS, In
-Wack-anl whte, naYu and whte, hrown and
. white and red and wh'.tej extra inialltu, '75c Bard
19-Inch 0C0M0 SILK LINING— a new material male
expresslu for us and sultahie for Inexpensive
"silk lining. "We tiaYe a full as*optment of ail
the leading shades, also hlack, white and cream,
,...;:..:...i:.:. ............ 40c Bard
NOTE— Samples of ana of the ahoye goods' sent free
to anB address.
. ¦ * ¦ ...
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADVEBTISEMSUTaw
Oriental Goods
:: : At Wholesale Prices.
We Offer Oar Entlro Extra T2a« Col- '
lection of. '
Oriental Rugs
: AND CURTAINS
At 25 Per Cent '
> <
\ Diiconat from regular rttaU prices. '.
' We are sole agent.* for .
: JOHN CROSSLEY & SON'S
;CELEBRATED ENGLISH CABPETS
Chas. JH; Plum & Co.
Cor. 9th and Market Sts.
A D VERTISEMENTS.
I. MAQNIN & CO.
Announce that commencing to-morrow, September 14,
and continuing during the week, they will hold their
ANNUAL SALE OF
PARISIAN HAND=MADE
UNDERGARMENTS
Embracing an assortment of the choicest and most ex-
clusive designs in bridal sets and one-piece garments.
Night Robes
Chemises
Pantalons
Corset Covers
Petticoats
« y
Made of French cambric, nainsook and sheer linen, ex-
quisitely embroidered by hand and trimmed with real
laces.
This sale should be of great importance to women,
as the prices are the lowest ever quoted on garments
of the highest quality.
Sale commences at 9 a. m.
In addition we include a line of
ITALIAN SILK VESTS
Hand embroidered, in white only; sizes 34 to 42.
vg$6.50
LADIES' NEGLIGEES,
WRAPPERS, EIDERDOWN
. SACQUES and ROBES
Attractive showing of the very newest styles, made
of Louisine, India and Persian silks, fancy Kimona
cloth, Albatross and French flannel.
Of the many attractive features of this department
we mention the following:
Ladies' Sacques, made of all-wool striped French
flannel, in a variety of colorings; sizes 34 CO fi[ fl
to 40. A $5.03 value, reduced to *$&**J\3
Ladies' Sacques, made of all-wool French flan-
nel; collar trimmed with embroidery: Kimona
sleeves, hand- feather-stitched; colors, pink, blue,
red, black and lavender; sizes 34 to CO AA
44. A $5.00 value V*^» ""
918-922 Market Street
Our new Fall and Winter
Catalogue will be sent free to
Out-of-town customers. ¦ - ¦
ISMAB. . :¦¦ y • v
STRANGE DISAPPEARANCE
Accounted for by Ismar, the Woman of Mystery
Lewis Stanger disappeared, fronv home, happiness. I wrote the mininjr comoanv
on the 8th of last August and. notwith- you told me of and. sure enoufh he was
standing that detectives and others used working thereunder another name I^m
every endeavor to locate. him, no trace of more thankful to you than I can tell Yon
him could be obtained. In despair his are at perfect liberty to use this letter If
. J >^&~ =3> \ ' ? ou Uke, to convince others of your won-
j x*2£*fe4?s\ derful glfta. Gratefully yours,
;: A •*':¦ f/ytt\g&b$k <m, ™ ... MAUDE STANGER.
Sl\ /% J'/&*i*G4Z*'$£\ -sfeT The gifts of Ismar reach Into all afTairs
/l^/^//|iP^B jgj| bffi::L of human Interest, from delineation of fu-
/ Ki?^^W'i»^Zl^^aK-rT ture events t0 the locating of ailments
•^4s^-^ff ff»^SfeiS5?Paf\- and the curing of diseases. Indeed, dur-
. &&x&%1 *^<£lfS£fa/m l nB th ? past few year3 Ismar ha s per-
-j&X&i'ilX $r*\sSc3S^/5f M formed many wonderful cures through
J^m&WS^mZsf'XW VA r marvelous psychological and sclen-
"^^K^^^llk and &lm ° St mlraCUl ° U3
¦¦^Ms^&!$i&%S&! .# 9«\. Mr. Charles L. Loughram of Tuolumne
r /r^UW^^C^M '/ ¥ ; '^\ County was recently cured of Brieht's
/ '^P '/ Pi ' i\ disease by the wonderful healing powers
fJM&r ll\ or this mysterious woman. He?. healing
tWmU -J^^J0^A- %% Power" 6 M marvelous as her Prophetic
i'k^^mm^^Z^^ S/\ t P ro ° f of thi3 is 'ound in the cases of
fOTOTi^Er^'" r r J I, Mr.-Crowley and wife of 935 Kirkham
[m^m^^^^-^^ A treC V Oa £ land: J° hn W - Garball of Lo,
M WSfima * ¦• 4.\K^^-<s. -s *F '¦'. Angeles, ¦ Henry C.Edmonson of Pasa-
w.. ». »?_>...- .-^ ciena, R. H. Glnghame of Santa. .Barbara
wife came to Ismar, who told her that Mr. .L. E. Fisher of Monterey and scores of
Stanger was in Mexico; that he had be- others, all wonderfully cured by her of
come slightly deranged • mentally from diseases that were supposedly incurable
overwork and had .wandered away to that While there Is life there Is hope. SEE
country; that he had recovered his seirees ISMAR.
after a time and, being ashamed, had- ob- .Write her if you can't call. Three
talned a ¦ position '* with a large -.mining questions answered for $1. Full life read-
company owned by - Americans, . and that ing; $5. Send money by Wells-Pargo or
he would soon return to hla family.' - postomce money order or registered letter
Following is a letter from Mrs. Stanger: P^ct^^Se^uth'ffi'-Sffi^J
Dear Ismar: Lewis returned to me yes- io a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays 10 a, m to
terday/ and I hasten to tell you or 'my 12 m.-
EXPEBT OPTICTATT
A Bulletin Reporter
Convinced that llayerle's Glasses ars YAH
SUPERIOR to all others for weak eyes and
poor sight.
OFFICE OJ*
SAN FRANCISCO BULLETIN
Mr. Georso Mayerle— Dear Sir: Tb.
Glasses purchased from you recently ax*
the perfection of optical comfort. They fit
•o well tisat I am unconscious ot havlar
them on- Sincerely yours,
W. C. MAXWELI*
MATERLETS GLASSES STRENGTHEN
THE EYES AN? BRAIN. «±**x**»
I have used a 50o bottle of Georr* May-
erle' 3 German Eyewater, and it lias helped
me wonderfully.— Chas. Morgan, Rocklln,
GEORGB MAYERLE.
German Expert Optician.
1071 MARKET ST.. NEAR SEVENTH.
SAN FRANCISCO.SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1903,
Lagunitas Club Takes Steps to Preserve Forests, Then
Holds Barbecue to Celebrate the Event. .
TAMALPAIS PARK IS HOPE
OF MARIN COUNTY SOCIETY
Hopes to Be Cleared by a Hearing
Before a Commissioner.
ERWIN DETERMINES TO FIGHT
HIS CASE IN LOCAL COURT
SAMUEL KNIGHT,
zvhom James W. Er
win has retained to defend
him in • the proceedings
which . will ' be brought
against him by the Govern
ment, announced yesterday
that he will certainly clear
his client here in San Fran
cisco without the necessity
of his having to stand trial
in Washington. He hopes
to present such evidence of
Erzvin's innocence before
United States Court Com
missioner Heacock that the
committing magistrate here
will '¦ feel justified in zvith
holding an order of re
moval. Knight maintains
that the indicted postal of
ficial had no -Jia'nd in the
securing of contracts or
distribution of shares of the
Postal Device and Im
provement Company. Col
onel Daniel S. Richardson,
who is, thought to have tes
tified against Erwin 'Cat
Washington, is anxiously
aivaitcd here by all parties
interested.. '¦ ¦
¦¦• Reduced .rates on houieholdi goods to A from
the East * South. Bekla'i. 11 Montgomery. •
, A' first-class . . lunch and • auick - service ; for
25 cent* at The Noble Cafe, 209 Pino street,
between Sansome and Battery. •
Miss Virginia J. Thornton was ad
judged insane yesterday and sent to the
Napa State asylum. The occasion of the
trouble Is alleged to be grief for her
dead father. Her malady takes the form
of strange hallucinations, and recently
she has become - despondent, and her
brother feared she would take her life*
so she was committed to the ajylusa.
#
Has Lost Her F.eason.
The German: musical ¦society,/^ Verein
Arlon, will .give. Its! first,, concert ' of the
season 1903-04 ' on Thursday evening next
In Native, Sons' Hall: ' There* will • be
twelve numbers oh the programme,' which
will be rendered by a male chorus, 3 a la
dles' chorus, ! Mrs. Eve Koenlg-Friedhof er
and Paul'M. Friedhofer." The last named
will : perform ' on- the cello,' ; rendering
"Adagio" and "Dance Napolitalne."- The
majority of the vocal selections will be
in German. ' Freredick v Zech willact as
conductor. f
Verein Arion Concert.
San Francisco Rebekah J Drill Corps No.
2, composed of ladies v of the several Re
bekah lodges of this city, will give a
milltary-and fancy display drill in Union
Square Hall on next "Thursday evening.
This is to.- be . followed, by t a ball.- The
young ladles are better. drilled than. ever
before and a. number of novel features
will be > Introduced , in \ the .display.' drill
which will „ make. it the. most attractive
that has r ever . been given -by this body.
On October .' 5 v . the. corps will leave for
PasoRobles, and will, during the session
of the [ Grand -Encampment . of the Patri
archs Militants, enter into a^ competitive
drill for a trophy. - . ¦ x •
B«bekahs to Drill.
Dr. Koenlgsteln's Red Salve belongs in
every household.' Nothing like it for
cuts, burns, bruises, ; etc. •
Frank Miller, a clerk, 53 years of age,
waa found dead yesterday on the floor
of the bathroom at 212Vi Sixth street. Ha
had -been on a spree since the G. A. It.
celebration. Death was due to natural
causes.
Andrew Gorman, a. varnisher, aged 30
years, went on a spree on Labor day and
kept up the debauch until yesterday
morning, when he was found dead in bed
in his room at 192 Shipley street. Alco
holism and heart disease were the causes
of death.
Victims of Alcohol.
Mr. Wilder' s claim is for $1494, alleged
to be due on » ludc-ment for a promissory
note.
An order was made yesterday by United
States District Judge de Haven staying
all proceedings under the order of j the
Superior Court of this city and county
In the case of W. P. Wilder vs. Robert N.
Graves, requiring Mr. Graves to appear
at 2 p. m. on September 12 before Eu
gene W. Levy, referee appointed by the
Superior - Court, to , answer concerning
property which the petitioner is alleged to
have refused to apply toward the satis
faction of the judgment In said action.
Judge de Haven's order, In addition, en-
Joins the Superior Court from taking, any
further steps In the case until the further
action of the United States ! District
Court. Mr. Graves has been adjudged a
bankrupt by Judge de Haven. His lia
bilities are $132,218.
Judge de Haven Saves the Bankrupt
From an Obnoxious Order, of
Examination.
SUPERIOR COURT STAYED
IN THE GRAVES CASE
The Southern Pacific excursion to Yosemite
Volley September; 17 roes in "by 'Inspiration
Point and-out- by. Glacier Point- One day it
Wawona and the famous grove* of. Big Trees
The rate, - $48 50, . Is for five days' trip and In
cludes railroad and sleeping-car fare both ways
stage fare, hotels.: carriage . In valley, horses,
guides and all | necessary : expenses. . Personally
conducted. Itinerary at Information Bureau,
613 Market street. . - - ... .
The Only s Rout* l Via Wawona and
Maripbsa Big Trees* \
THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Excnrasiou" to . yosemite
WASHINGTON, Sept. 12.— The Postofflce
Department has been Informed that O. E.
Schebel of Toledo, who was recently in
dicted* here for complicity In- the postal
frauds, was arrested at Toledo yesterday.
He waived a preliminary hearing and
was put under $10,000 ball.
Schebel Is Arrested.
James Johnson and C. H. Betts from
Monterey were in the Grand Opera-house
on, Friday night in an intoxicated condi
tion. During the performance they
amused I themselves- by throwing their
hats In the air and shouting. The polica
were summoned and when the defendants
were placed under arrest for disturbing
the peace they made use of offensive
language. They appeared before Polica
Judge Mogan yesterday and were con
victed and will be sentenced to-morrow.
They expressed regret for their conduct,
but the Judge said he would make an
example of them.
Disturbed the Audience.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 12.-In the case
of Leopold Stern, the Baltimore contrac
tor under indictment in connection with
the postal cases, the Canadian authorities
have agreed to hold Stern for some time
and the State Department will forward
the necessary papers in support of Its
report of extradition as speedily as possi
ble. Conrad and Bonaparte, the special
counsel for the Government In the prose
cution of the postal cases, to-day filed
with- the Attorney General the report of
the consideration of the charges made by
ex-Cashier Tulloch of .the. Washington
Postofflce. •
Canada to Hold Suspect Stern.
Den went to China on one of these cer
tificates and upon his return to port pre
sented it for the purpose of gaining ' a
foothold in this country. The Federal au
thorities were apprised of this and the
United States Marshal was Instructed to
take the man into custody.
In the event that Dillard secures a new
trial United States • District Attorney
Wopdworth.will place Den on the witness
stand and by ¦his testimony hopes -to con
vict the negro. .
Louis Den, an Important witness in the
Dillard case, was arrested last night by
United States Marshal • Shine and will be
held awaiting • the outcome of Dillard's
application for. a new trial. It will ; be
remembered that Dillard was the colored
deputy clerk. In the office of the Collector
of Internal Revenue $ who was convicted
before Judg-e de Haven* and a Jury of
forging Chinese certificates.
Louis Den, a Chinese, Arrives in Port
With One of the Alleged
Forged Certificates.
IMPORTANT "WITNESS IN/
DILLARD CASE AKRESTED
back track. If we here gathered together
ever wish- to be of service in the world, if
we realize that we owe any duty to pos
terity, in spite of the fact that posterity
never did anything for us, here is our
chance. Xever again will the gates of op
portunity open so wide, never will that
pathway of beneficence be so plain. Never
again can we do so much good as by de
voting our time, our ability and our
means to giving to all the people the great
treasure : which mother nature so evident
ly dedicated to them." • •
Chief of the United States Bureau of
Forestry Gifford Pinchot was then intro
duced. He said in part:-
OUGHT TO. BE SAVED.
"When I first saw the forest of Mount
Tamalpais it occurred to me at once that
it ought to be saved.* Although I have
been up the mountain but twice or three
times I am convinced that it should be
used by every one and not be enjoyed
by a few individual owners. All great
cities are now purchasing parks and for
ests for the recreation of the residents of
these big cities. Forest parks are, in my
opinion, the best of all parks. I know a
little town In Missouri which recently
purchased a small forest that would not
for a moment compare -with the Tamal
pais reserve, yet every Sunday you* can
find the place thronged all day with chil
dren and men with their wives getting a
little taste of nature. Vienna, Paris and
the bis cities all over the world have pur
chased forest parks, but I cannot recall
one park which in my opinion can com
pare with the forest which you are now
contemplating buying.
"A good forest conducted in a scientific
manner costs nothing. The trees are
growing all the time and the selling- of
the timber alone will pay all the neces
sary cost of guarding the park. You have
a euperb opportunity and you should
avail yourself of the chance to buy this
property. . The question comes up. How is
this park to be obtained? It is useless to
ask the United States Government to buy
it; it is purely a State affair. Congress
would not be willing and you must re
member that the United States has al
ready been asked to buy the Calaveraa
grove. The only way for you to do It Is
to purchase the property by Individual
enterprise and public spirit.
GIVE IT- TO TTNCLE SAM.
"As a private citizen, I think that the
United States would accept the property
should you purchase It and donate it to
the Government. Uncle Sam would then
take it under his care and jruard it in
every possible way so that it could be
used by the people."
President David > Starr Jordan waa the
next speaker. He said:
"I am very glad to be here and to bear
witness this ' afternoon. Tou ought to
have the park and I hope you will get it.
You know all about it — perhaps a great
deal more than I do, but those of you
who don't only have to climb up back of
this mountain and you can get an idea
what a beautiful park it can make.
"Time changes everything, even timber.
I remember when I was a boy back in
New York how people uged to look upon
forests, or rather they called them woods
in those days, with horror. The forests
used to cause fires, and were* the place
for harboring wild animals which used to
come down and kill the sheep. The great
thing in those days was to get rid of the
forests as fast as possible. Then people
would cut down the trees to sell the lum
ber for firewood and to improve their
land.— 'They could not understand that
their land was worth less after the timber
ONE of the most Important and
far-reaching forestry movements
yet inaugurated in California
pained impetus at Ross Valley yesterday.
At the invitation of the Lagunitas Club
ar.d the. Tamalpais Forestry Association
there vr&s a meeting at the club grounds
ar.d plans were discussed for the purchase
cf a large forest reserve on Mount Tamal
pais.
Distinguished advocates of forest pres
ervation were present ar.d made speeches.
Cifford Pinchot. chief of the United States
.Bureau of Forestry^ President David
fctarr Jordan of Stanford and William
Kent, a tireless advocate of the park,
were the principal orators of the occa
sion. They Ehowed the advantages of
preserving the scenic gTandeur and
primeval freshness of the •woodlands of
the beautiful mountain.
A number of San Franciscans attended
the meeting and the city delegation was
met by a reception committee, most of
them \roraen of the Lagrunitas Club.
The conference was held at the tennis
court and by 3:30 o'clock the audience was
comfortably seated on benches and camp
Ftools. William Kent, a prominent advo
cate of the park, was chairman. As one
of the fathers of the undertaking he felt
that an explanation was due and he said
In part:
"By the coiirtesy of the Lagunitas
Country Club and under the auspices of
the Tamalpais Forestry Association, we
are met to inaugurate a great work.
NATCKE CALLS MEN.
"Whatever occupation man may follow,
there Is. planted within him a need of
nature, calling gently to him at times to
come and enjoy, imperiously commanding
et other times to eeek recuperation and
ttrength. From the bountiful mother
man is never weaned, and the attempt In
crowded cities means but physical, moral
and civic degradation.
"It 1* pitiful to see hundreds dragging
their way along the confines of the county
road, warned on every side of awful
penalties at the hands of stern Justice if
they cross the .'ence In trespass. But we
have our side of the story. We have
officiated nights and Sundays and many
an Independence day In endeavoring to
put out fires that the heedless have light
ed. Our trees are hacked, our flowers
picked, and stray rifle balls and deer
liounds too 6eldom make the proper con
nection. The less we flght people the
more we fight fire, hence our apparent
hostility to what Is a public need.
"It is because our ' uninvited guests
•with traditions running back to eand lots
and vigilance committees make the same
old mistake of confusing anarchy with
Independence, license with liberty, and
all of us are to blame.
BEAES ABE PETS.
"The history °* Yellowstone Park shows
how easily people may be trained to de
cency In their treatment of nature. Even
the bears of Yellowstone Park are re
parded as pets. When the competitive
motive la removed there comes a higher
enjoyment In watching wild things than
in destroying them.
••I would so very far with peaa in my
«hoes to see an inch or two of bayonet
applied to some vandals I have met, but
I am cure that 90 per cent of the now
heedless public would appreciate and en
joy the application to the other fellow.
That other fellow would be eliminated by
the mere presence cf authority.
"That authority for many reasons
:-;hould be the authority of the national
Government.
"First and foremost, because the park
¦we are going to «ecure Is a forest park
and because under the wise and devoted
service of our distinguished guest, Mr.
Iinchot, the nation Is developing a mag
nincent bureau of forestry. In connec
tion with the regular work of this bureau
there is an urgent call for our great uni
versities to rear up practical foresters,
and in ell the State of California there is
po one place where the problems of tree
culture and water conservation can be so
advantageously studied as on Mount Tam
alpais.
PARK SCHEME GOOD.
"Subdivision, building of houses and or
dinary so-called suburban improvements
tin Mount Tamalpais ¦will do more to ruin
Marin County than any other catastrophe
'ma^inable. A broad, comprehensive park
scheme will be of Incalculable financial
benefit. - v
"I have said enough. I could say more
but what Is the use? Every motive im
pels toward this consummation. I have
lalked this plan in general for years; I
have talked it in detail for weeks. I have
never found an objection to it. If I were
ra>it-hearted I might listen to those timid
souls -vho spend their time in scenting
difficulty. Such people are generally on a
Among those present yesterday were:
Mrs. F. F. Foster, Mrs. T. H. .Watters,
Mrs. K. J. C. Seymour, Mr. and Mrs. \V.
G. Sillwood, Mrs. John Rea, Frank
J. ' Symmes, Miss McDonald; Mrs.
Duff Green. Mrs. Winslow - Anderson.
Lovell White, William Magee, Charles
Splney, Mrs. Charles Webb Howard,
Charles Webb Howard Jr., • Supervisor
James Booth, Judge Lennon, Attorney
Hawkins, Thomas Boyd, air. and Mrs.
6. B. Cushlng, Louis L. Janes, Charles
Runyon, C. Augustine, Mrs. K. Pohll,
Harry Dodge, R. W. Johnson, Frank J.
Murray. Robert E. Graham. C. J. Dowd,
Mr. and Mrs. H. E. Botkln. Dr. and Mrs.
A. .Warner, Misses Alice and EleanorWar
ner. Superintendent of Instruction of Ma
rin County Davidson, Miss Allen. Attor
ney Eells, Clinton Jones. C. C. Olmstead,
Mrs. Harry Allen, Mr. Pixley, Mrs. Fan
nie Lent.
Chairman Kent asked for a motion to
make the organization permanent. The
motion was then proposed by Seward B.
McNear and seconded by Charles Webb
Howard Jr., with an amendment that the
association should be known as the Mount
Tamalpais Association and that the chair
man should appoint a committee of three
who should at once take active steps and
have full power to purchase the property.
The motion was carried.
"The United States Government in the
last twenty years has been developing,
its bureaus. It has put bright men in
charge of these bureaus, and I think that
the Forestry Bureau has achieved more
than a hundred battles of Manila."
"Up in the Calaveras grove an old man
told me that he had counted on a stump
eleven thousand rings. That tree was as
large at the fall' of Rome as it is to-day.
These trees are too valuable monuments
to lose. , ,.
"For every ten men there should be an
acre of land for them to use when they
need a breathing spell. We will say that
the population of San Francisco is 300,000
or 400,000, so we certainly ought to buy
30,000 or 40,000 acres" for tnem to recreate
in. Every living creature wants elbow
room.
TEN MEN TO THE ACHE*.
was cut down. Nowadays every one
knows that the Government is preserving
all the forests possible, for when the tim
ber is cut down the watersheds are gone
and the lower land is continually flooded.
SCENES AT ROSS. VALLEY YESTERDAY DURING THE VISIT OF THE
LAGUNITAS CLUB AND THE TAMALPAIS FORESTRY ASSOCIA
TION AND THEIR INVITED GUESTS.
Freel got a description of Nolan from
the janitor and arrested him on Friday,
placing him in the tanks for further de
velopments. He says that Nolan served
a term in New York. Treadwell says h»
•will defend Nolan if he returns the dia
mond cuff buttons.
John Patrick Nolan, a young man from
New York, is locked up In "the tanks" at
the City Prison, and Just how many
charges of burglary will be booked agaln.st
him the police do not know. They have
not concluded their investigation.
On Tuesday night Nolan visited the of
fices in th'e building- on the southwest cor
ner- of Sacramento and Kearny streets.
While In tha office of A. B. Tread well, at
torney, the janitor saw him and asked
him what he was doing there. He replied
that a . friend had been arrested and he
had called to see Treadwell about bailing
him out. The janitor noticed that a glass
case where Treadwell kept a lot of curloa
had been opened, and he charged Nolan
with being up to some mischief.
Nolan burst Into tears and said: "Don't
let the police get me. My parents ara
both sick, and as I can't get any work
I am forced to steal to keep them from
starving. Think what you would do it
you were in my place."
M.U the time he was talking the tears
were running down his cheeks and his
sebs were heartrending. The Janitor was
so affected that his tears began to flow,
and in a choking voice he told Nolan to
; go away and try to lead an honest life.
Wednesday was a holiday,' and when
Treadwell vent to his office on Thursday
morning he discovered that most of tha
curios had been taken from the case, and
also a pair of diamond cuff buttons that
he had put there temporarily. He values
the stolen curios at $100. He notified the
police and Detective Freel was detailed
on the case. Freel discovered that the
doors of most of the offices In the building
had been forced open. In the office of tha
Typographical Union the secretary's deslc
had been broken open and £ which he had
failed to take away with him on Tuesday
night had been stolen. Nothing of value
was taken from any of the other offices
except Treadwell's.
United States District Attorney Wood
worth said that he does not expect the
Indictment from Washington before to
morrow. ¦ When he receives it Marshal
Shirii? will Immediately serve it on Erwin.
who is prepared to put up the bonds to
Insure his presence at the trial.
Postmaster . W. W. Montague, whose
rumored _ connection with the alleged
fraudulent dealings of the Postal Device
and Improvement Company have occa
sioned reports that his resignation would
be . forthcoming, -was at his desk for a
short while yesterday morning. He reit
erated very positively the statement made
by him on Thursday that he had no In
tention of resigning and that he i had no
connection with the Postal Device and
Improvement Company other than that
of a nominal shareholder.
Daniel S. Richardson, superintendent of
the San Francisco postofnee and presi
dent of the company whose alleged fraud
ulent sales to \the Government have
caused the Indictment of Erwin. is still
en -route "to his home - from Washington.
The local postal authorities are eagerly
awaiting an explanation from him of his
part In the Investigation which resulted
in the issuance of the wholesale indict
ments by the Federal Grand Jury of the
District of Columbia.
nection with the Postal Device and Im
provement Company is through the pos
session of 60O shares out of a total of 40,000
shares of Its stock, which was given me
as a recognition of my services In per
fecting the Invention. I have never had
any connection with the company as a
director or officer, nor have I ever been
present at a meeting of the company or
its governing board. I have therefore
never participated in any way In the dis
tribution of stock, and the only profit I
have derived has been from, two divi
dends on the stock held by me, amount
ing in the aggregate to $96. In no way
have I ever conspired with- any one to
defraud the Government In this or In any
other case."
MONTAGUE REITERATES.
John Patrick Nolan Is
Pound in Attorney's
Office.
' "To .Attorney: Samuel' Knight •_ I! have
turned over the whole question of pro
cedure in the accusation which is. brought
against me. .' I have received gratifying
assurances from a' host of : prominent peo
ple, in tho city, that they consider, me In
nocent and . I . f eel : that, I ; can soon prove
that their confidence- Is -nof misplaced. :
¦-'fin addltion\to,;the 'statement;. already
made bv me I will say that mv onlv con.
VWhen j the indictment arrives Erwin
will be heard before Commissioner Hea
cock. I I .will then bring all the evidence
we possess before the court. The Gov
ernment will naturally have to produce
Its witnesses and I doubt 'not that
Superintendent Richardson will be the
man upon whose, evidence ' Its -case will
rest, since he evidently testified against
Erwin before the Grand Jury at Wash
ington. ' ' '- . < : v-;,-f
"My client is not' afraid to face ." the
court at .Washington, but he feels that
his i innocence can be so conclusively, es
tablished here that to go before the East
ern tribunal would be but superfluous.
It the charge against . Erwin Is made to
stick, then each t and every one of the
stockholders ' in the Postal , Device and
Improvement Company is equally, culp
able,with him, for. he has had no more
complicity In the alleged frauds than the
othe/s." -
' Thought the news ¦ comes from ..Wash
ington to the effect that Erwin has been
dismissed from the position of , assistant
superintendent of special delivery of San
Francisco,,-, the formal announcement of
such action has not .yet reached him and
yesterday he waa-at his desk in the Ferry
building./ -When - Interviewed .concerning
the measures he has taken to acquit him
self of -the charge brought' against him,
he said: S'? .. "¦'.'' .
When seen yesterday, Attorney Knight
outlined the legal policy which he will fol
low in the 1 case and gave, some strong
opinions upon the injustice of the charge
as he considered It. He said:
"It Is shocking— this fllingof an'indict
ment against a man who is entirely inno
cent. Of course, Mr. Erwin can clear
himself without a shadow of doubt, but
the very fact that he should have been
under suspicion ¦works a hardship on a
man whose Integrity and faithfulness to
duty have been unlmpeached heretofore.
"Erv/ln's only connection with the Pos
tal Device and Improvement Company
upon ¦which there can be possibly based
a charge of fraud was the trip which he
took to Washington with Daniel S. Rich
ardson, superintendent of the local post
office. At that time he had . an Interest
in the postal box device as part inventor
of it and merely ¦went to the capital to
bring this contrivance before the eyes of
the department as a public benefit. He
exhibited j it. and praised it with an en
thusiasm born of his part in its invention,
but he had absolutely no. knowledge of
or. connection with the arranging of con
tracts, with the Government there or. the
distribution , and disposal of stocks here.
"The Government has tried to make this
postofnee Investigation far reaching, but
that Is no excuse for 'involving . In it a
manifestly ' Innocent man. George W.
Beavers and August W. Machen undoubt
edly are Justly Indicted; I believe that
there Is a guilty party in the San Fran
cisco postoffice, but Erwin Is certainly not
the '» man - and should not be made the
scapegoat.
WILL BE CLEARED HEBE.
According to legal . procedure, the first
step taken after the arrival of a certified
copy of the indictment will be for United
States District Attorney Marshall B.
Woodsworth to file a- complaint before
United States, Court Commissioner Hea
cock. It will be Heacock's duty then to
review the allegations In the instrument,
calling witnesses both for the Govern
ment and for Erwin to testify upon the
facts of the case. Erwin's attorney hopes
to bring such conclusive testimony before
the Commissioner's court that the Com
missioner will see fit to recommend to. the
committing magistrate that he withRold
an order of removal and thus, unless Er
win voluntarily went before the court at
Washington, he would be cleared of the
crime imputed against him. - ... .
KNIGHT OUTLINES DEFENSE
Attorney Samuel Knight of the firm of
Page, McCutcheon, Harding & Knight,
whom Erwin -has retained to defend him,
declared yesterday that be will make a
vigorous effort" to ' have the committing
magistrate hore refuse to grant an order
of. removal after reviewing the evidence
brought before him., i -,'.. -1 . .'-. ¦•
JAMES W. ERWIN. formerly assis
tant ¦ suDerintendent of ¦ the ¦ San
Francisco special delivery system
and at one time inspector of the
rural free delivery system on the coast,
is confident that he Qan clear himself of
the charge brough against him by the
Federal Grand Jury of the District of. Col
umbia on Friday. He will. make a fight
to have himself cleared by testimony giv
en before the United States Court Com
missioner of the Federal courts in San
Francisco and. thus preclude, the necessity
of a trial at Washington.
Mrs. Harris herself told her story of ag
grievement before the court and Mrs. An
na pole, Mrs. Mary Crawford and Cojonel
E. D. Berry, together with Williams, the
defendant, also testified. The case will
be resumed on September 25. Meanwhile
Mrs. Harris lias Instituted civil suits to
recover $20,000. apiece from Williams and
and Mrs. Thatcher in Department 3 of the
Superior Court.
At the Instance of the attorney for the
defense, two photographs of Mrs. Thatch
er—part of the stock in trade of "Dr."
Williams— were produced to show the al
leged shocking effects of Mrs. Harris'
treatment. One had been retouched by
the photographer, so as to make the sub
ject a model of beauty and the twain
were used to exemplify the "before and
after taking" mode of advertising, claimed
to be used by Williams.
Upon cross examination, she did not re
member how many of these unpleasant
excrescences of the skin she owned; there
may havo been seventy-two, certainly
more than six.
PHOTOGRAPHS PRODUCED.
Mrs. That,cher stated that when she
went to Mrs. Harris she had some freckles
and a few wrinkles which marred the
ethereal beauty of her countenance, but
when she had received two i treatments of
acid rubbed in with a brush at the hands
of the Psyche manufacturer she still had
the wrinkles and freckles, plus a fiery red
tint and boils and pimples various.
"Dr. L. 'Williams— Dear Sir: I wish to
testify that I came to you with a face
covered with pimples and small boils and
so frightfully red that I could not appear
on the street without a double veil. The
above defects were caused by a treatment
I had taken from M. Ella Harris. I went
to her to have a few wrinkles and
freckles removed. I still had the wrinkles
.when I finished with her treatment and
as time went on my face became worse
and I concluded to consult Dr. Williams
(yourself). I am happy to say that you
have entirely cured the boils and pimples
and the redness is changed to fairness.
My skin is smooth and free from all
roughness. I remain, yours gratefully,
"MISS HAMILTON."
"P. S.— If this letter would be of any use
to you to show it, pray do so.
Miss Hamilton, the author of the trou
blesome comDliment to "Dr." Williams'
powers, was the 6tar witness. As Mrs.
Margaret Thatcher, her present name,
whlfch through modesty had been kept
from the eyes of the world In the com
mendatory epistle, she took the stand to
testify; to the 'marvel of how under the
careful hand of Williams her face had
risen, phoenix like, from the ruin which
she claimed had. been done to it by Mrs.
Harris. I JEv'en. HIs-Hpnor,, was moved to'
opine that;; her face, was better than an
advertisement In the street cars at $30 a
month.
"SAN FRANCISCO, June 10, 1903.
THAT CKUEL LETTER.
The letter in, question Is as follows:
Cheeks of peachblow tint, cheeks with
out flaw or blemish, cheeks that would
put to blush the rosy streaks of dawn—
these were the uncontrovertlble evidences
of the skill of M. Ella Harris and Leon
Williams," the rival beauty doctors, who
were brought before Police Judge Ca
baniss yesterday to add their weights of
testimony to the teetering scales of Jus
tice.' Before the open-mouthed crowd of
court hangers-on there were displayed by
the witnesses to the skill of the warring
complexion artists such a galaxy of per
fect Greek noses, shell-like ears and rosy
tints of flesh as has rarely illumined the
prosaic seats of the law.
Mrs. M. Ella Harris, whose beauty
workshop is situated at 780 O'Farrell
street, was the aggrieved specialist in
classic features, who had charged "Dr."
Leon Williams, ner rival practitioner,
with libel in circulating as an advertise
ment a glowing letter of indorsement,
wherein her reputation is thrown into a
rather unfavorable light. . ,
Warring Complexion Artists
Bring Their Handiwork
Before the Bar.
Manufactured Beauties
Di Vide Honors With
the Law.
GRECIAN NOSES
VEHSUS JUSTICE
Pagcs^S^^
Pages 35 to 48
LOCAL. POSTOFFICE OFFICIAL,
WHOSE STATEMENT OX POSTAL.
INVESTIGATION IS WANTED.
BURGLAR'S TEARS
AFFECT JANITORJ. Ross Clark, brother of Senator Clark
and vice president of the latter's rail
road, arrived from Los Angeles yester
day and is at the Palace. .
Charles Victor Thomas of Paris, who is
interested in mines in South America, and
who has paid several visits to California,
upon which .he has '.written a book.'ar
rived here from the Eaat yesterday and
is a guest at the Palace.
J. C. Ruddock, a lawyer of Uklah, is
spending a few days in this city and is
staying at the Grand.
Brigadier- General C. li. Cooper, TJ. S.
A., retired, arrived from Denver yesterday
and is registered at the Occidental.
S. G. Freshmann, treasurer of the Sier
ra Railway, , returned from Sonora yes
terday and Is registered at the Palace.
Rev. George W. Stone of Santa -Cms is
at the Occidental.
M. C. Heallon, head of the San Diego
Water Company, Is at the Palace.
E. H. Cox, banker and lumber man of
Madera, is registered at the Palace.
L. B. Vance, superintendent of the coal
depot at Mare Island, Is at the Occiden
tal.
Mayor Snyder of L^s Angeles Is in the
city for a few days and is staying at the
Palace. ./, 'J.
PERSONAL" MENTION.
Ten applicants took the civil service
examination yesterday for chief plumbing
Inspector, Deoartment of Health. The
questions asked covered general knowl
edge of duties and writing of a. report.
Takes Civil Service Examination.
EXCTTBSION TO WILLITS
Via the California Northwestern
Bailway, the Picturesque Route
of California.
Willits, the terminus of the California North
western Ry., is the center of the redwood belt
or Mendocino County, and Is a fast growing
town. The mills of the Northwestern Redwood
Co. are within th'ree miles. The tracks of the
railroad company extend five miles into the
redwoods, and contractors are at work on trn
miles more to be finished this season.
The large country around, just entering Its
first stage of development, with the branches
and further railroad extensions In prospect, give
some idea of the future of- Willits. This ex
cursion Sunday, Sept 20, will afford prospec
tive buyers an opportunity to view the lots for
Mile in the Northwestern addition of TVllIits
The streets are graded, curbed, sewered and
water mains laid. The water comes from the
mountains. ¦ Electric light and power. Burn
ham & Marsh Co., 211 Montgomery street, are
the aeents for the sale of the lots * of the
Northwestern addition to Willits. Maps, plats
terms, etc:, are to be had at their -office. -'
To all parties who go on this excursion and
purchase a lot within thirty days thereof. Burn,
ham & Marsh Co. will refund the fare paid
which will be $3 for the round trip. Boat will
depart from Tiburon ferry, foot of Market
street, at 7:30 a. m., Sunday, Sept. 20 On
the return train will leave Willits at 4 n m
Tickets on sale at Burnham & Marsh Co "and
650 Market street (Chronicle building),, com
mencing Monday, Sept. 14. Each ticket sold
insures a scat. ' •
Calif ornians in New York.
NEW YORK, Sept. 12.— From 8an' Fran
cisco—A. B. Evans and wife, Metropoli
tan; L. F. Haber, Hotel Bartholdi; J. p.
Melton, New Amsterdam; Mr. Cronln, Jefl
ferson; Mrs. W. J. Ryan, Imperial; W.
M. Howard and wife, Jefferson Leech*
J. R. Rucksell, Grand Union: W. H. Mur
ray, ' : Cosmopolitan; A. E. Van Enlden
Normandie. From Los Angeles— W. d'
Owens. Mrs. P. W. Owens, Marlboroueh-
Miss E. Gilchcer, Victoria.
Chetwood, Luce and Sutton each put
up In proportion to his financial strength
and three or four score intimate friends
and friends of Intimate friends were let
in on ; the ground floor. The schooner
Herman ids chartered and as she blew
through the Golden Gate Captain James
Brown shook hands with his shipmates
and told them that within sixty days all
aboard the Herman would ,be. money
kings.
The Herman failed to clear when she
left this port and. when she reached Hon
olulu, where Captain Brown decided to
call. Collector of the Port Stackable fined
the skipper 5100 for his omission. It was
at Honolulu that the trouble began. Cap
tain Brown, In spite of the fact that he
had lived his allotted span of three score
years and ten, proved a pretty young
sort of old fellow and a spender of liberal
tastes. He had such a good time In Hon
olulu that he forgot to pay the bills for
stuff supplied the schooner and appeared
to have lost all interest In the treasure.
His shipmates remonstrated and after a
bitter quarrel Sutton, Chetwood and Dr.
Luce returned to San Francisco by steam
ship. With Frank Sharratt and John
Hoffman, also stockholders, Brown left
Honolulu In the Herman. He cleared for
Sydney, but put into Apia, where there
was more trouble. The United Statea
Consul at the Samoan port refused to
permit the "Herman's departure, j By this
time Sharratt and Hoffman lost faith in
the enterprise, abandoned the trip and
WOULD ALL BE RICH.
Luce listened and was lost. He wrote
to a friend, G. W. Button, a retired con
tractor, who was living quietly at .New
Rochelle, 'N. Y. J. Chetwood, an attor
ney of this city, was attracted by the
glitter ahd as the leaven of the old man's
tale began to work the circle of believers
in Its truth gradually widened. When
Captain Brown suggested that he was
feeling restless and would just as soon
show a few particular friends where the
treasure was located the proposition to
float a company was speedily put into
execution.
After the treasure had been burled
something happened. When it had ceased
happening Captain James Brown was the
sole survivor of the expedition and the
only man on earth who knew the last
resting place of the pirate's booty.
Whether the sight of the treasure inspired
his companions with a fighting frenzy, In
which the story of the Kilkenny cats was
duplicated; whether the sight of so much
wealth caused them to die from heart
disease, or whether the sturdy young
Erown played Samson and single handed
made all the others bite the dust, "Captain
Brown, •will not ! vouchsafe to explain.
Neither will he reveal how that 14-year
old boy got away from the island nor how
he kept record of its location.
It was this story told in a San Fran
cisco hotel five years ago that led to the
formation of the Herman treasure hunt
ing expedition. The narrator was Cap
tain James Brown. His audience includ
ed Dr. O. D. Luce, a local dentist, who
now resides at 290C Bush street, but who
then was a guest at the hotel that shel
tered Brown.
ONLY BROWN SURVIVES.
It had been buried In 1S22. It was ex
humed by the skipper of the Black Witch
in 1845. Instead of carrying the treasure
to civilization, however, the captain of
the Black Witch steered a course for
another South Sea island and there
planted his rich find. From this point
Captain Brown's story calls for the aid
of a little faith. • .
ing of numerous South American cities.
The Jewels of grand ladies, the golden
service of palace and cathedral, the treas
ures of town and city, were all pourad Into
that pirate hiding place awaiting the day
when the pirate chief cried "enough" and
the grand distribution was made.
Bullets, ropes, unstable planks and other
aids to exit caused the passing of the
pirates before the spoils could be divided.
The captain of the Black Witch was alone
in possession of the secret and Captain
James Brown, late of the schooner Her
man, was with him when he visited the
treasure island. It was on the island of
Cocos, says Captain Brown, and the
treasure was located with little difficulty.
The Herman, although the property of
the stockholders, stood in Brown's name
and at the Australian port the captain
offered her for sale. With the aid of in
junctions and the American Consul he
was prevented from disposing of the ves
sel. Ho was deposed from the command,
which was turned over to Sutton, by this
time a pretty fair navigator. Luce re
jofned the party at Sydney.
Brown promised to be» good, agreed to
travel as a passenger and to show them
where the treasure was located. Sail was
set and a course steered in accordance
with Brown's directions. The Island was
never sighted, however, the ancient mari
ner doling out excuse after excuse, until
all hands beg^in to find the lack of logic
in the old man's dream.
Many islands were visited. Promises
were made and broken. The worm turned
when the Herman entered the harbor of
Papeete. The disillusioned treasure seek
ers told their troubles to United States
Consul Doty, who gave them permission
to sell the schooner. Having no-jufisdic
tion over the case as far as the more se
rious charges against Brown were con
cerned, he tried him on a charge of abus
ing a Japanese -steward, ordered him sent
home as a prisoner on the .Mariposa and
sent to United States District Attorney
Woodworth a copy of the depositions
taken before him with the request that a
warrant be issued for Brown's arrest.
How that failed has been told. Brown
declares that the treasure exists and that
he will return to Auburn, R. I., and there
organize another party. Luce, Chetwood
and Sutton, who returned with Brown on
the Mariposa, express their intention of
securing the old man's arrest on charges
varying from battery to embezzjement
and prosecuting them to the bitter end.
Brown says he does not care and do,es
not look as if he did. He expressed his
opinion of his former shipmates at the
foot of the Mariposa's gangway and once
more, as he ended the audience he grant
ed to a collection of reporters, policemen
and dock officials, his voice rolled out its
former oracular apostrophe: ••¦
"Fools."
TRIES TO SELX SCHOONER.
returned to San Francisco by liner. ' Sut
ton and Chetwood, learning of the trouble
at Apia, proceeded to that port, straiehU
ened out the tangle with the Consul,
patched up a truce with Brown and sailed
for Sydney.
ANCIENT MARINER, WHOSE STORY OF BURIED MILLIONS PROVED
A MYTH. THE EXPLOITING OF WHICH COST THE CREDULOUS
$30,000 AXD MAT RESULT IX TROUBLE FOR THE AUTHOR. -
"Walter J. Thompson, whose name ¦was
affixed to an imitation court document
served by J. N. Ross of the National Law
and Collection Company upon W. A.
Nevills, that his signature was
placed on the paper without his authoriz
ation. Thompson, sent two letters he had
written to Ross in May and July to Jus
tice of the Peace Van Nostrand. to whom
complaint was made that Ross was in
timidating defendants to compel payment
of damages. In the letters Thompson calls
Ross to account for using his name with
out his permission and Informing s him
that T. P, Riordan, Nevills' attorney, told
Deputy Justice's Clerk McDonald that he
intended to bring the matter before the
Grand Jury- Thompson told Ross that he
did not want Ross to sign his name to
any papers unless they were first sub
mitted to him (Thompson).
Uses Name Without Authority.
The modifications as recommended by
the City Engineer were adopted by the
committee and ordered Incorporated In
the ordinance granting the proposed fran
chise, the representatives of the Southern
and "Western Pacific companies having
previously agreed to the Joint use of the
crossings under the conditions as fixed by
the City Engineer.
John Kelso appeared before the com
mittee and stated that the John Kelso
Company, of which he is president, is
blasting and grading the roadway of
Lombard street, between Montgomery and
Kearny streets, under a permit granted
by the Board of Supervisors in 1899. The
committee decided that the permit is in
operatl% e - because the blasting is being
carried on in a prohibited district, and
order that operations cease at once.
"Provided, however, that all subgrada
crossings of railroads for which franchises
may exslt or be' hereafter granted the
depth from top of rail to the lowest part
of the superstructure shall not exceed 2.4
feet where an Increase In said depth will
reduce the clear bead room to less than
twenty feet."
STTBGRADE CROSSINGS.
The Board of Works transmitted to the
committee the report of City Engineer
Grunsky regarding the franchise for the
bay shore route where it is crossed by the
Western Pacific, for which the matter of
the application 'for a franchise is now be
fore the Supervisors. Grunsky makes cer
tain modifications regarding the grades to
be followed by the bridges at certain
crossings, fo they may be used by both
roada should the applications be granted.
The mortifications noted as to the route to
be followed by the road are as follows:
"Crossing Tulare street by a bridge be
tween the east line of Mississippi street
and the east line of Texas street, with an
elevation of the top of rail of at least
20.767 feet above city base and with a
clear head room of at least fourteen feet.
' "Crossing Army street by a bridge be-"
tween. the .west line of Pennsylvania ave
nue and the west line 'of Mississippi street,
with an eleVatio'n of the top of rail of at
least 19.12 feet above city base and with
clear hrad room of at least 13.8 feet.
The ordinance provides for a grant of
the franchise for fifty years, and recites
that the main line of the road shall enter
the city from Sunnydale avenue, formerly
Tobln street. Viaducts and bridges are to
be constructed over specified crossings,
and additional bridges or viaducts are to
be constructed upon the order of the
Board of Supervisors over any track, laid
or to bo laid, on Fourth street south of
Channel or across Sixteenth street at or
near Seventh street.
The committee eliminates from the or
dinance the requirements that the South
ern Pacific Company shall build a viaduct
across Fifth street and shall abandon a
strip sixty feet wide through the Market
place , lots to «be reserved for a public
street. In exchange the company agrees
to give a strip of land twenty feet wide
for a distance of about a mile for the
widening of Fourth and Kentucky streets
southerly from Channel street, and this
condition is made part of the ordinance.
The matter of a franchise for the Mission
tracks and along Islals Creek is not in
corporated in the ordinance at all.
For the Market place lots th© company
is to pay a rental of $600 per month for
five years, and thereafter an amount
equal to 3 per cent per annum on a valua
tion to be fixed by arbitration, but the
rental after the first five years shall not
be less than $750 per month. The rights
granted to the Southern Pacific Company
are granted on the further condition of
the contribution by the company of at
least $55,000 for the construction of a
bridge across Channel street from Third
street to Kentucky. v
OBANT FOR FIFTY YEARS.
The Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors held a special meeting.yes
terday for the purpose of drafting th© or
dinance providing for a proposed grant of
franchise for. right of way to the South
ern f Paciflc Company, for a bey shore line.
A copy of .the ordinance was sent to the
officials of the .company to give them, an
opportunity to study its provisions before
the matter comes up before the Board of
Supervisors at to-morrow's meeting, when
the report of the committee will also be
submitted.
Supervisors to Act on Peti
tion of Southern Pacific
Company.
Street Committee to Re
port on Bay Shore
Application. (
Party That Left Here Fourteen Months Ago on Schooner
Herman to Dig $50,000,000 From the Sands of a
South Sea Isle Returns on Mariposa, Empty Handed
When a bit of a boy he served on the
schooner Black Witch. The captain of
that vessel was a man with a past. He
had either been a pirate himself or had
come into possession of valuable informa
tion relative to the cache of certain re
doubtable buccaneers. Buried, so many
feet in a certain direction from the tree
upon which the sun on a special day in a
particular month cast a shadow of char
acteristic 6hape. lay untold wealth. This
wealth was the loot gathered at the sack-
SCHOONEB BLACK WITCH.
IJeir.g- Saturday afternoon, however, it
was impossible to secure a Federal war
rant for Captain Brown's arrest Without
this warrant the United States Marshal
would have none of the prisoner. The po
lice protested their Inability to hold the
man and Captain Howard for the Oceanic
Steamship Company declined to take the
responsibility of converting the Mariposa
into a place of detention.
"He must be held," cried the men who
claim to have, been victimized by the
ancient mariner.
"Hold him yourselves," replied official
dom, and Captain James Brown was re
leased from the room to which he had
l>een confined when the liner entered the
harbor. -_ « - '
As he walked down the gang-plank he
looked anything but the nautical bunko
man his former friends charged him with
I .ping. More than common tall and of
peculiarly stalwart build, he more resem
bled a venerable viking. Snow white hair,
frosty board, straight nose, firm chip,
V.ead of intellectual lumpiness and frank,
pale blue eyes, all seemed in contradic
tion to the picture painted by the men
who claim to have found him out. His
belongings, packed neatly in a couple of
canvas covered grips, he turned, over to
the customs inspectors with the air of
a king, gracefully submitting himself to
the laws he had made for his subjects.
As the inspectors searched the old man
held up his head and glanced in the direc
tion of the nien he is charged with hav
ing victimized. His stare was long and
som vhat cptuemptaoas, melting, as he
turcid away, into a look of pity.
He eished sadly and, as he turned his
attention to the inspector at his feet,
there rolled from his lips In sonorous
tones the one word:
"Fools:"
BANISHES SIS SHIPMATES.
That was all the attention Captain
James Brown paid the men who would
have l.im behind the prison bars. From
then until he stalked from the Oceanic
dock he vouchsafed them not as much as
a glance. They had ceased to exist. He
had banished them from his 150,000,000
we rid.
The story of the Herman's mission
when she left here is, in brief, as follows:
Captain Brown, who is 72 years of age,
retired from the sea some fifteen years
ago. His life on the deep, according to
his story, had contained more of adven
ture than usually falls to the lot of one
man. It commenced when Brown was
Fti'l of tender years and from the start
was strongly tinged with the romantic.
For his neighbors in Auburn, R. I., where
the o'.d tna.n tried to settle down after his
retirement, and for all others who listen
ed to him, Inclufil2:g such as might have
rnor.f-y for treasure-hunting expeditions,
be had yarns that made the wildest 10
cent thriller setm tame. "VThen he told of
storms it wan of disturbances such as
rnoOern sailors know nothing. His tales
at fast passagr-B made the modern ocean
greyhounds »eem to limp and h!s calms
wore almost ettrnities and stiller than
the eilence of the grave. There was
nothing small about Captain James
lirown. He had examples from his own
career to Illustrate every happening of
modern days and when the wealth of
America's money kings became subject
for general discussion Brown was there
with the reminiscence that three of the
Mariposa's passenger's now declare to
have been a wicked dream.
COULD GET NO WASBAUT.
July. 1502. on the tight little
Fchooncr Herman returned yesterday on
the Hr.er Mariposa, thoroughly awake and
once more in full possession of their rea
ponlng faculties. The dream, in wh.ch
for the greater part of a year they spent
Rn unharmonious existence, is for them
Fhattcred. The old man whose tales of
piratical loot had been the lure that hyp
notized, is a wicked old pirate and his
v hltc lock.-, that in the dazzle of contem
plated fortune had seemed venerable, are
now regarded as the hoary emblems of
an ice cold heart, the outward and visible
signs of inborn, deceit and treachery.
The old man who left here as Captain
James Brown, the man with the key to
a cavern containing golden coin and Jew
tls worth the modest sum of $50,000,000,
returned in irons, with all sorts of legal
vengeance hanging over his head. In the
name of logal vengeance, however, the
old man won the first move. The ammu
nition of his enemies wa# contained In
an official envelope addressed to the
T'niied States District Attorney and con
taining a record of an investigation held
in Papeete by United States Consul Doty.
The old man's, alleged sins are numerous,
but the one for which his former ship
mates hoped to hold him until they had
time to set a stronger legal trap was the
abusing of the Japanese steward of the
tchooner Herman.
AFTER fourteen months of chasing
an- old man's dream through the
balmy breezes of the South Seas,
treasure hunters, who left here In
DISILLUSIONED TREASURE
HUNTERS SAY BROWN LIED
PREPARES BILL
FOR FRANCHISE
In Germany workingmen are visited at
their homes on pay days by savings bank
officials to collect their savings for bank-
Ins.
Superintendent of Schools Lansdon has
issued the following circular of instruc
tions to teachers and principals:
"In accordance with the resolution of
the Board of education, passed Septem
ber 10. 19C3. principals will Instruct pupils
of the A- sixth grade to purchase imme
diately-the new State text book in United
States history. The course of study in
history for the A sixth grade Is amended
so that the field of history to be covered
in this grade will correspond to that out
lined In chapters I. II and III of the new
history. The use of history readers and
other history texts as supplementary to
The Board of education yesterday ap
proved the award - of contract made by
the Board of Public Works to the City
Street Improvement Company for the
grading of the lot adjoining the newly
built Noe Valley School. The cost of the
work will be 1722, which 1 Is considered a
reasonable figure. The board made a spe
cial request of the contractor that the
grading be prosecuted at once and the
work will be commenced immediately.
The board has also approved plans for
the drainage system of the school and
this work will also be soon begun.
School Director Roncovierl is of the
opinion that the building will be ready for
ocupancy by October 15 If nothing inter
venes. The residents of the district will
then be provided with a modern up-to
date school building, for which they have
been clamoring for several years.
SCHOOL NEARLY
READY FOR USE
Professor Stephens has agreed with the
trustees of the" Mechanics' Institute to
organize a university extension in con
nection with that institution. All of the
lectures will be held in the Mechanics' In
stitute building, after which a class will
be conducted for, the benefit of those that
wish to make further Investigation of the
subjects. The dates and subjects are as
follows:
October • 7 — "Louig XVI and Marie Antoi
nette, King and Queen of France"; October 21
— "Mlrabeau, the Leader of the Third Estate
in . the National Assembly" ; November 4 —
"Lafayette, the Commander hi Chief of - the
National Guard, of Paris": November IS—
"Mlrabeau. tha Statesman. Who Tried to Pre
vent Excesses and Who Labored for a Stable
Government"; December 2 — "Brissot. the Pol
itician, Who Brought on the Foreign 'War";
December 16 — "Vergnlaud, the Orator of the
Glrondlns" : January 13 — "Marat, the 'Friend
of the People, 1 as Representative of Public
Opinion": January 27 — "Danton, the Cham
pion: of Strong Government"; February 10—
"Barere, the Spokesman of the Great Com
mittee of Public Safety"; February 21 — "Robe
spierre, the Puritan" : March 0 — "Merlin of
Doual, the Thermldorlan" ; March 23 — "Bar
ram, the Director."
A course of lectureB will be delivered
during the coming season under the aus
pices of the department of extension worts
recently created by the University of
California. The course will consist of a
Beries of evening lectures to be conducted
by Professor H. Morse Stephens, pro
fessor of history In the university and
until lately connected with the extension
work at Oxford, England.
Benefit of University Extension
"Work Is About to Be Felt
In This City.
SERIES OF LECTURES
' ON FRENCH POLITICS
"The second grade meeting in geography,
scheduled as per circular No. 2 for Sep
tember 22, will be changed to Thursday,
September 24. and held Jointly with tha
third grade.
"There have been numerous requests for
additional gTade meetings. The office will
meet these requests by having two extra
meetings, attendance at which is entire y
voluntary. Principals may suggest, not
request, the attendance of their teachers.
"The first of these meetings will be held
at the Girls" HTgh School at 3:45 p. m.
We» 7 .re3day. September 16, 1903. The sub
ject will be "The Detail of Fifth and
Sixth Grade Geography."
"The second of these meetings will ba
held at the Girls' High School at 3:13
p. m. Wednesday, September 23. The sub
ject will be "Fractions."
•¦'Miss Carpenter, supervisor of music,
will be in her office at the Lincoln School
to meet teachers every first and third
Tuesday from 3:30 to 4:30 p. m. Principals
will announce that Miss Carpenter will b«
glad to assist teachers who desire or need
additional instructions."
Auditor Baehr returned to the board
miscellaneous schqol demands aggregat
ing J2S53 54 sent to him for approval for
the reason that if they are audited tha
school appropriation would be overdrawn
under the one-twelfth act.
"Principals will send to the office of tha
Superintendent of Schools an inventory
showing the name and number of all seta
of supplementary reading books now ia
their respective schools.
"In accordance with the ruling of tha
State Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion teachers are required to mark all
pupils tardy who enter the school after
the opening of the sessions, even though
excused by the principal.
the text books is in nowise restricted by
the change in course of study; on tha
contrary, it Is encouraged.
"The new history text books will not ba
used In the evening schools until July,
1904.
THE PAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1903.
City officials in New York whose duties
require them to visit various places are
taking to the automobile as a means of
locomotion, the city paying the bills In
36
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Kidney and (ft/^P
Bladder 4j W
ONE BOTTLE CURBS.
Chicago. 111.. April 8, 1896.
Mr. \V. F. McBurney, Los An-
reles. Cal. — Dear Sir: It affords
me pleasure to testify to the ef-
ficacy of your Kidney and Blad-
der Core. I have been troubled
with my kidneys and bladder for
over four years. I have been
treated by the best physicians of
this city during that time. (I
mention two who stand at the
head of the profession, viz., Dr. C.
A. Purdy and Dr. Frank Walls,
the latter being my son.) I re-
gret to say they did me no good.
I waa advised to spend the winter
in your glorious climate and try
the ocean baths. I visited San
Diego, Santa Monict. and Santa
Barbara, but received only tem-
porary relief from .»e baths. On
the night I left home I got a
bottle of your medicine. The first
dose did me good, and I was well
when I reached home, and I can
say in conclusion that I am grate-
ful to you. If this letter is of
any use to you, use it.
THOS. WALLS.
Send 25c for first day'c treatment
and get relief in twenty minutes. Mc-
Burney'B Kidney and Bladder Cure.
Prepaid $1.50. 226 S. Spring St.. Los
AngelcsC Cal. All Druggists.
W. F. McBUHNEY 226 8. spnm st.
L08 A1TQELE8, CAL Al Draggiiti.
ll" nnvpnii'o 1 free with §
I dH I dUi o ; <¦* NEXT |
s LADY ' "b__l- " : • _ __ _ . _, s
I "nnnncTTC" IIN sunday
1 bUUUfc 1 i t RED ,r^an i I
«5 ¦¦ ' 4* ¦ ¦ ''¦•'•'¦• j&Zr ¦'¦<•* '^vi& ¦ ¦¦¦¦ • ¦¦-' t - ¦ ¦* \ * >- ,. ,\ '^yjf£%3&&?w&?MS^3&* * ' -***-*-l t
i LADY IN RED. • 8
| FREE ART PICTURE WITH NEXT SUNDAY CALL, September 20 |
I TRAIN NEWS AGENTS AND ALL NEWSDEALERS SELL THE CALL I
| Price 5 Cents. Price -5 Cents. Price 5 Cents. 1
I THEY ARE FRAMING THE CALL ART SUPPLEMENTS |1
g _____ Tb: Following Art Dealers Are Making a Specialty of Framing Call Art Supplements: I g
•g SACRAMENTO — Hevener, Mier & street; Gage's art store, 609 East SAN DIEGO — W. P. Fuller & Cow. O
Q Co., 616 J street; C. N. Davis, book Main street; Weber's art store, 425 71 F street &
8 store. 817 K street. Cast Main street. FRESNO — Bronco & Dick. c
Q PETALUMA^-H. S. Gutermute. J. MARYSVIL.L.E — G. W. HalL REDDING — W. H. Bergh, -B«rgH c>
g M. Wyckoff. OAKLANI>— E. J. Saake. 13 Tele- Furniture Company"; T. J. Houston, C
Q. SAN JOSE — George Denue, M. Len- graph avenue; A. A. Barlow, 369 Houston Furniture Company. c
rt xen & Son. Twelfth street. REDWOOD CITY— W. L. Kllna. C
S STOCKTON — Morris Bros.' book ALAMEDA — C. P. Magagnos, 1858 SANTA CRUZ — H. E. Irish. Cook« S
Q store, 20 North El Dorado street; Park street. Bros.. F". R. Hew. George Hoban. 8
O Stockton Racket store, 711 East Main CHICO — Fetters & Williams. JACKSON — E. O. Freeman Co. gPROMINENT OAKLAND PHY
SICIAN WHO SUCCUMBED TO
ATTACK OF PNEUMONIA.
For the first time in twenty-flve years
cane sugar- is being exported from Cuba
to England.
- - - jl
The total amount of nuts chipped from
the Amazon valley so far this(| season is
CS53 tons, and has been about equally di
vided between Euroye and the United
State*
Russia's Gold Holdings.
Bank of Russia gold holdings at the
time of the last report, now on hand,
amounted to $37842X».uOO. a gain over the
previous report of $4,880,000. and over the
same date last year of $15,540,000.
OAKLAND, Sept. 12.— Mrs. Carrie John
son, wife of Thomas W. Johnson, a tile
setter living at 71 Pearl street, was taken
with a sudden attack of hoart disease this
afternoon s while downtown with ¦ her
young son and died on the way to the Re
ceiving Hospital.
Mother Dies Suddenly.'
OAKLAND. Sept. 12.— Judge E^iC. Hart
of Sacramento has continued tli(e matter
of the settlement of the bill of exceptions
on motion' for a new trial in tlj|e 6ult of
the Contra Costa Water Company against
the city of Oakland from September 15
to September 21. i
Continues Water Case.'
Ballet music from "William Tell".... Rossini
Descriptive. "A Musician Astray in the For
est" Herman
Grand Fantasia, "La Boheme" '..Puccini
"America" -
Overtiire, "Miunon" i . .Thomas
(aj Mexican Intermezzo. "Orizaba" .\..Dewey
(b) Song, "Let Me Die en the Deep" (new)..
Dewey
Words by Lowell Otus Reese.)
.: . • PART I.
"Star Spangled Banner."
March, "Koko Bolo" Stlckney
Overture, "Jessonda" Spohr
Waltz- '-'Morning Journal" Strauss
Solo for barytone (selected) W. H. Colverd
March. VLa Relne de Saba" .Gounod
PART II.
The following programme will be ren
dered by the Golden Gate Park Band this
afternoon:
Music at the Park.
OAKLAND. Sept. 12.— Jack London will
lecture under the auspices of thif; Social-
Is; party, at 1000 Broadway, Sundiay even-
Ing, September 13, at 8 o'clock. ifHis sub
ject will be, "The Class StruggM." The
public Is invited.
Jack London to Lecture.
BERKELEY, Sept. , 12.— The second of the
series of lectures on "American Anthropologry"
to be delivered by Professor Frederick XV. Put
nam, professor of "anthropology, will be deliv
ered In room 22 of South Hall at 4 o'clock on
Monday. The title of the lecture is "The Ex
ploration of an Ancient Site in the Ohio Val
ley.'' •
The following college, men have been Initi
ated as members of the Wlng-ed Helmet Soci
ety the junior class honor society: Leo E
Bishop, Pel Up^on fraternity; C. H. Cheney,
Phi SiKtna Delta; \V. C. Crittenden. Delta Up
sllon: W. H. Dehm, Abracadabra: R. C. Hack
ley. Phi SlRma Delta; W. T. Hale. Phi Delta
Theta; E. R. Hallett. Delta Upsllon; H Helt
muller. •W. M. Howard, Kappa Slgrma; R. XV
Klttrelle. Phi Sl&ma Kappa; F. H. McConnell,
Kappa Alpha; T. E. Rlsley, Theta Delta Chi-
J. G. White. Abracadabra.
University Events.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Sept. 12.— The fdllowlng
marriage licenses were issued py the
Clerk to-day: Charles "*?. Reed.
3. and Mary Knudson, 22. both ht Oak
land; Cornelius B. Sweeney, over, 21. and
Frances C. Otis, 17. both of San Francis
co; Lawrence Cohen, 21, and Birdie Cohen,
IS, both of Berkeley: Manuel Souza, 23,
unit Acid* Silva. 20. both of San I^eandro.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
SAILED.
Saturday, September 12.
Stmr O C Llndauer, Allen, Grays Harbor.
OUTSIDE, BOUND IN, 12 MIDNIGHT.
Schr Viking, j
DOMESTIC PORT.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Sept 12— Br ship
King David, from Port Blakeley, for Valpa
raiso.
* — . . — : — — *
! Cousin of William McKinley Sen
; tenced to Jail for Defraud
ing an Innkeeper.
KALAMAZOO. Mich.. Sept. 12.— Captain
: Harry S. McKinley, a cousin of the late
| President William McKinley, was to-day
i sentenced to thirty days in County
i Jail for "jumping" a board bill at a ho
j icl in this city two months ago. The
trial was a hotly contested one. The de
fendant's attorney attempted to prove
that McKinley Intended to return and pay
i the bill. The prosecuting attorney, how
1 ever, furnished abundant proof -that such
! was not his intentions,
i The jury was out three hours and ten
J minutes, and brought In a verdict of
guilty. The Judge imposed a straight jail
j sentence, refusing to allow the alternative
of a fine, which McKinley's attorney
pleaded for. \ When leaving the prlson
j ers* dock for the jail McKinley broke
j down and said: "My God, why did I do
] It? I have shamed the name of the dead
' President."
SHAMES THE NAME OF
MARTYRED PRESIDENT
Senators Proctor and Dillinghzan. being
both ex-Governors, Vermont has a unique
distinction in her Senatorial representa
tion at Washington.
In cutting a canal at Bordeaux, a bur
ied statue has been discovered of Anne
of Austria, queen of Louis XIII, wEo
died at Paris in' 1666.
In England the annual consumption of
Southern fruit amounts to fifteen pounds
a head. In Germany It averages not
quite three pounds a head.
Dr. Ekenberg. a Swedish scientist, has
invented a machine for converting sklia
milk Into a powder. which when dissolved
in water gives the properties of ordinary
milk.
Steps were taken recently toward form-
Ing in Paris a Canadian chamber of com
merce to extend commercial relations be
tween France and Canada.
In' recommendation of the thirty years*
war, the battlefield of Lutzen, where King
Gustav Adolf of Sweden met his death.
13 to be turned Into a public park.
Emperor William has determined to
have a grouse moor of his own In the
royal domain about Koenlgsberg. The
grouse is an important bird in Great
Britain, but so far as known it does
not exist in a wild state elsewhere.
Mr. Haysede— I see .by your advertise
ments that you're going to issu« some
more stock. What's that for? Oil Presi
dent—What for? Why, my good fellow,
we've earned so much money In tie past
six months that we're obliged to have
more stock to pay dividends on la ordei
to set rid of it— Puds.
The old world custom of leaving lega
cies to servants is beginning to develop in
this country. Recently quite a number of
wills set apart funds for this purpose.
Mrs. Emma Matthiesson, widow of the
wealthy sugar refiner, whose will was
probated in New York recently, leaves
$1000 to each servant who had been in her
employ for over a year and not exceeding
two years. To every servant having been
in her employ for more than two years
Legacies to Servants.
Until about fifteen years ago life insur
ance companies uniformly refused to in
sure the lives of women , on any terms.
Until five years v ago such companies as
did write policies on female lives dis
criminated against them to the. extent of
$3 in the thousand; Only, a very few com
panies, even now, and these quite recent
ly, Insure ;women on the same terms as
men. And [yet the life tables of seventy
five years -show the average death rates
of all males , to : be 21.8 per ; thousand, and
of all females 19.7 per thonusand. Female
lives are. therefore, 10.6 per cent better
risks than male lives.— Exchange.
Insurance on Women's Lives.
"The Brown cotton corner," says a New
Orleans man, "is taking a great deal of
queer cotton to New Orleans. The staple
has become so valuable that the owners
of cotton gins are scraping the floors,
and have made up several bales of waste
cotton. Perhaps the most extraordinary
bale however, is one that arrived there
from Georgia. It was of the crop of 1872.
and is consequently 31 years old. Its
owner held out for 16 cents that year,
but when the market broke and cotton
went down he swore he would never sell
it for less than 16 cents.
"When cotton went up to 14 cents in
New Orleans he shipped it there, to be
ready for the 16 cents he pledged himself
to, with orders to his agent to sell when
ever that figure was reached. ,The cotton
has been stored in one room for thirty
one years, and is thoroughly dried out. It
lost fifty pounds In. the process. Experts
declare the staple to be as good a3 ever."
—New York Commercial.
Cotton Bale of 1872.
ITEMS OF INTEREST.
Ehakcs Salvation Army Man.
BERKELEY. Sept. 12.— N. E. Sr^Ith, a
member of the Salvation Army. ra(n Into
Miss Ethel Spauldingr, 4 12-year-olii girl,
on Center street this afternoon TCfth his
bicycle and injured her right leg. jjW. R.
Wright, a tobacconist, saw the accident
and remonstrated -with the Salvation
Army man and when the latter answered
back Wright shook him severely.! Smith
went oft threatening to have Writht ar
rested.
. «¦ . I.
The summer "cottage" on the seashore
is the selected place of all others for,
those who have nothing to do. who have
no desire to do it, and an abundance of
time in which to do it. There arc tens
ol thousands of them in a circle - of a
score fir two of miles about New York.
Many of them are occupied year after
>ear by their owners and many others
are built for lease, and see a new tenant
each season.— New York letter.
The Summer Cottage.
Ceylon and India, It Is claimed, are pro
ducing by far the largest part of the tea
grown in the world. China having ceased
to be the factor In the tea market she
once was. The teas from Ceylon and In
dia are not only regarded as more deli
cious, but they are said to be more health
ful than the Chinese teas, and there 13
an utter absence of artificial coloring
matter and other adulterations. The trade
carried on by the Salada Ceylon and In
dia Tea Company In the "United States.
In their sealed lead packets. Is Increasing
wonderfully. The tea Is put up in such
convenient shape that it can now be pur
chased in 10-cent and half-pound sealed
lead packets.— Washington Star.
Cey" z~. and India Teas.
OAKLAND, Sept. 12.— A second trial
with the marriage license clerk to-day
and Cornelius Sweeney of San Francisco
was given a permit to marry Miss Fran
ces Otis of the same place. Several days
ago the father of the girl appeared at
the clerk's offlce, and warned him not to
issue a license to Sweeney as the girl
was not of ace. The father had hardly
left the building when Sweeney came in
and asked for a license, but his request
was refused. He said that he could get
the consent of the girl's mother and de
parted with the expressed intention of
doing so.
To-day they returned. They were ac
companied by some friends. Sweeney at
first was not recognized and had secured
his license, stating that the «irl was 18
years of age, when his Identity was dis
covered. He then produced the written
consent of the mother of the girl and
another license was issued to him. They
were married shortly afterward by Jus
tice of the Peace Geary. Just how
mother and father arranged the matter
between them the young people refused
to state.
Parents Disagree as to Marriage of
Daughter and Love Finds
a Way.
OAKLAND, Sept. 12.— Preliminary ex
amination of Esmond Smllh, a telephone
company employe, who shot Joseph jjFrel
tas in the arm, thinking Freitas and his
brother Frank were attacking him out
of sympathy for the striking linemen, was
commenced to-day !n the Police ! Court
before Judge Mortimer Smith. The Frei
tas brothers told their stories arid de
nied having assaulted Smith. The hear
ir.g was continued until next Thursday
morning.
Ssiith-Freitas Case Begins.!
YOTJNG COUPLE FINALLY
' LAND COVETED PARCHMENT
Because of the frequent assaults made
upon working linemen in Oakland, a po
lice guard is detailed wherever the com
pany's employes are compelled to go out
alone on work.
The continued cutting of telephone wires
and the blocking of the service has stirred
the town officials of Berkeley to action
and steps designed to put a stop to the
vandalism are to be taken Monday night
by the Town Trustees. The Trustees have
been asked to adopt a resolution empow
ering the. linemen employed by the tele
phone company to carry firearms and to
make them deputy marshals.
The suggestion to make the linemen of
ficers comes, from Louis Jacobi, general
superintendent of the telephone company.
Thomas Rickard, president of the Board
of Trustees,, called upon Jacobi yesterday
with" an offer, by the city, to aid in the sup
pression of midnight vandalism and from
Jacobi obtained a statement as to the de
3lres of the company touching conditions
in Berkeley.
"I explained to Mr. Jacobi." said Pres
ident Rickard to-day, "that the town has
but three or four peace officers, so that it
would be impossible for us to patrol the
streets and stop the cutting of wires. The
telephone * company and the people have
been annoyed long enough. I said, and It
is time we act together. Mr. Jacobi then
suggested that we make all the linemen
deputies, and that. I think, will be done
when we meet again."
When the Trustees meet Monday night
they will be addressed by E. J. Ellis. Ala
meda County superintendent of the com
pany, who will explain the difficulty of
keeping lines open in Berkeley.
Berkeley Offlce San Francisco Call,
214S Center Street. Sept. 12.
Trustee Rickard Confers
With a Telephone
• Official.
OAKLAND, Sept 12.— Manuel Krialjand
Manuel Sousa, neighbors at 28 Water
ftreet, engaged in a vigorous religious
controversy to-day, the argument, I ac
cording to Krial, causing Sousa to BTab
a hatchet and attempt to end the disjpute
and K rial's existence at the same time.
But Krial dodged the weapon and planted
such a Etout blow on Sousa' s jaw !| that
the disputant In theology went to thej mat
and stayed there a while. Krial appeared
this morning !n the Police Court to an
swer to a charge of battery.
¦ , ¦
Religious I>ebate Leads to Blows.
An amusing story is told of Commodore
John S. Chauncey, one of the "old sea
dogs" of the navy, while In command of
the New York navy yard. One Sunday.
at the usual religious service of the men
on the training ship, the chaplain on duty
at the station read a notice before the
bluejacket congregation, closing with "by
order of the Bishop." The commodora
chanced to be passing within hearing as
the last words were uttered, and he
quickly turned about and addressed
the chaplain thus: "By whose or
der did you say?" The chaplain polite
ly replied, "By order of the Bishop of this
diocese." Without stopping to Inquire as
to the nature of the notice Commodore
Chauncey, appreciating that It emanated
from some other source than his offlce,
which was enough for him to know. In a
serious and commanding tone said: "Well,
the notice will not be obeyed. I'll give
you* to understand that I am the only
Bishop of this diocese."— New York Trib
une.
No Other Bishop In His Diocese.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center Street, Sept. 12.
As a result of accidentally sticking a
hatpin into her right eye Mrs. Jacob
Scheuern . of 2438 Fifth street is tem
porarily blind and tho chances are that
she will never regain the sight of the in
jured eye..
The accident happened in San Francisco
yesterday while Mrs. Scheuern was try
ing on a hat In a millinery store. She
was taking off the hat when her hand,'
in which she held a hatpin, slipped and
dabbed the sharp point into the retina of
nhe eye. She withdrew the pin imme
diately and a great quantity of vitreous
humor spurted through the hole In the
eye.
Mre. Scheuern was Immediately taken
to an oculist, who treated the wound.
Te oculist was unable to say that his
patient would recover her sight and until
the bandages . are removed the result of
the Injury will not be known.
OAKLAND. Sept. 12.— <reorge Collins
and Lee Roberts, expert bunko men from
Ean Francisco, were arrested vrhile try-
Ing to work the ".change" swindle on Mc-
Millan & Cox. gTocers at Seventh and
Market Etreets. The men were under^the
Influence of liquor when they were 'ar
rested, but gave names other than those
tinder which they are so well known to
the police. Collins, es Elmo Barnett was
held to answer last November before] the
Superior Court In San Francisco on a
charge of bunko work that gained him
188.
Bunko Hen. Arrested.
The Statist is a well Informed journal
on British investments abroad and surely
it would know if American investments
here were, but another name for large
placements of British capital. To Mexico
it matters little whence comes the money
required for the development of her Im
mense resources, although It Is to be said
that the active participation of Ameri
cans In business undertakings here tends
to keep the two countries in close and
friendly relations.
Within the past fortnight lieavy invest
ments of American capital have been
made in Mexican mines, investments of
really great sums of money, and though
in one deal London is supposed to have
an interest the greater part of the funds
employed have been raised In New York
and other American cities.— Mexican
Herald.
When United States Consul General
Barlow reported to the Washington Gov
ernment that J300.000.000 of American
money was invested here, local critics
raised .the objection ttiat In reality this
was in great part British capital, and
that the "Americans were only figure
heads in ' enterprises really owned across
the Atlantic."
If this were bo, why do we find the Lon
don Statist, in Its last issue to hand, say
ing: that the measures for stabilizing the
peso here "do not much concern us?"
And the London paper continues:. "Our
Government naturally will co-operate with
the United States Government as far as
it possibly can do this as in other mat
ters; but Its interest in the Question, ex
cepting so far as we all desire to aid the
United States where we can, Is but small.
The proposed change in China is different.
That is a matter in which British inter
ests are largely concerned— quite as much
concerned, evidently, as American inter
ests."
terested as Generally
Supposed.
Not So Much European Capital In-
AMERICAN INVESTMENTS
IN MEXICO VEBY LARGE
Mrs. George Doubleday has returned to Xew
York.
Mrs. Henry Butters will take her two
youngest daughters. Misses Marguerite and
Marie, to Xew York early next month, where
she will place them in a finishing school.
The F. M. Smiths are expected home the
latter part of this month. Miss May Burdge
and Miss Nightingale, who have been abroad
for the past year or two, will return with
them.
> : •--•
Miss Cornelia Stratton entertained pome of
the girls of the younger set at luncheon this
week, her cruests lelnis Miss Clarlsse Lohse,
Miss Ethel Kent. Miss Ann McEIrath, Miss
Jessie Craig. Miss Arlinc Johnson, Miss
Marion Walsh. Miss Noell ie Golia. Miss LI!
lie Rued. Miss Letty Barry anj Miss Ruth
Houghton
Dr. Frederick Peabody will deliver a lec
ture on "American Archaeology-" before the
Starr-King Fraternity on Thursday, evening,
September 17. Dr. Peabody Is oroiessor of
archaeology and ethnology at Harvard Uni
versity and a member of the advisory com
mittee for the department of anthropology of
the University of California.
The lecture. -will be illustrated. It Is free
to members of the Starr-King, but a. small
admission fee will be charged to the general
public
Miss Annie Fitzgerald and Peter Gllardln
•were united in marriage last Thursday even
ing at the Church of the Immaculate Concep
tion, Rev. Father F. X. Morrison officiating.
The bride and croom were attended by Miss
Annie Gllardln and Daniel Hurley. The
church ceremony was followed by a small re
ception to a few intimate friends at the resi
dence of the bride's cousin, Mrs. T. A. Deasy,
In East Oakland.
Mr. and Mr».,J. \V. Tierney celebrated their
tin wedding last Monday evening at the resi
dence of Mrs. Tierney's parents. Mr. and Mrs.
T. A. Deaay. on Athol avenue. Vhe decora
tions were unique aj»d artistic, a profusion of
pink blossoms and huckleberry foliage being
Interlaced with strings of tin hearts. Forty
or fifty rueste were present and enjoyed sev
eral games of whist, the prizes awarded ' being
won by Mrs. Mortimer Smiti:. Mrs. J. R. t Case
and Mrs. McGinn of Stent, Joseph Murphy
and J. M. ColKttt.
An orchestra played during the evenlnj?. An
elaborate supper was served, the souvenirs be
ing quaint little bonbon dishes of tin.
Mr. and Mrs. Tierney were assisted In re
ceiving by Mrs. J. R. Case, Mrs. Joseph Mur
phy and Mrs. J. W. Coltett.
OAKLAND. Sept. 12. — The new home on
Merrtmac «tr«et of the. David Gases was the
scene of a pleasant, informal affair yester
day, when Mrs. Gage entertained a dozen
friends at luncheon In honor of Mrs/ Glk-s H.
Gray. Mr. and Mrs. Gray leave next Monday
for an extended visit East and the luncheon
•was In the nature of a farewell.
... . « ; . .
Mrs. Jacob Scheuern
May Lose Sight, of
Right Optic.
OAKLAND. Sept. 12.— The Associated
Charities of Oakland will hold Its annual
meeting Monday evening at the Board
of Trade rooms, £22 Twelfth street- Tihe
business will be dispatched rapldily thfit
ample time shall be given for an address
by the Rev. J. K. McLean on "The "Work
of the State Board of Charities and "Cor
rections." Dr. McLean is a member I of
this board, which was created by an act
cl the last Legislature. The meeting •vim
be public.
Will Talk on Charities.
On the last trip of the ferryboat Oakland
last. night, a splash was heard and the
alarm was given that someone had
jumped overboard. Boats were lowered
and a search was made but no trace of
a body or any particle of clothing could
be found. It is supposed that the splash
was made by the paddle wheel or that
something fell overheard.
Search for Man Overboard.
JABS A HATPIN
INTO HER EYE
A considerable portion of the tunnel Is
already In use, and many business houses
have shafts opening into it. equipped with
elevators. Although an underground
freight railway of this kind seems an ex
pensive substitute for trucks and horses,
it. is quite possible that it may promote
economy, as well as convenience, in hand
ling and transferring merchandise. Every
one must see that the maintenance of a
stable full of horses and wagons and of a
multitude of grooms and drivers is an im
portant Item In the cost of carrying on
business, especially when, as is often the
case, the wagons are driven half the time
empty, or with only, one small package In
them, and a system by which goods ar
riving by rail could be at once delivered
at their destination, with the minimum of
handling, while those shipped could be
billed through from the shipping clerk's
desk, would be of Immense advantage to
merchants, as. well as to the public-
American Architect.
It appears that an Interesting work has
been going on In Chicago for several years
without the knowledge of the public, in
the excavation of a tunnel fourteen miles
long under the business district of the
city. This tunnel, is a business undertak
ing simply, and , is to contain a railway
for the transportation of freight among
the great mercantile houses and between
them and the freight stations of the for
ty-two railways which enter Chicago, be
sides furnishing accommodation for tele
phone wires and possibly wires of other
kinds. It is almost incredible that a tun
nel of this length, varying in width from
6 to 13 feet and In height from 8 to 14
feet, could have been constructed under
the most crowded part of a great city
without the knowledge even of the news
paper reporters, but the tunnel Is far be
low the surface, the depth varying from
27 to C5 feet, so that it was unnecessary
to make temporary roadways over It, and
the excavated material has been • taken
out at night through "shafts opening in
private .ground and taken away to the
lake front. The ground under Chicago is
a soft clay, which was easily excavated,
but it has been necessary to line it every
where with concrete.
Nobody in Chicago Knew Anything
About It Until It "Was
Finished.
A FOTJBTEEN-MILE
TUNNEL QUIETLY DTJG
OAKLAND GIRL WHOSE EN
GAGEMENT IS ANNOUNCED
AND A RECENT BRIDE.
OAKLAND, Sept. 12. — Former Police
man Percy Jacobus was arrested to-day
en complaint of William Ward, a striking
lineman, en a charge of using vulgar
lar.gu&g-e. Jacobus, since his resignation
from the police force, has been a guard
In the employ of the telephone com
pany. A crowd of strikers eurroundeded
a construction wagon on which Jacobus
was riding, and 'Ward, according to the
former policeman, insulted him. With
that Jacobus, who bag a record for never
taking water when trouble Is brewing,
jumped from th© wagon and offered to
hreak Ward's head If the striker repeated
the remark. It was not repeated, bet
AVard retaliated by causing Jacobus' ar
rest.
Former Policeman Arrested.
PLAN TO CHECK
WIRE VANDALISM
Dr. Blood was a member of Alcatraz
Lodge No. 2U. F. and A. M,, In whose
charge the funeral services will be con
ducted Tuesday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock
at Alcatrnz Hall, Peralta street^ near
Seventh.
his residence, 1466 Eighth street,
of pneumonia.' His last illness was man
ifested In lung trouble that developed two
months ago. Thinking that relief would
come from a trip to the seashore, Dr.
Blood went to Capltola, but ten days ago
his condition became so serious that he
returned home. For several days the
patient had been slowly sinking. He
had been under the care of Dr. Frank L.
Adams.
Dr. Blood was a born physician. At the
age of IS years he entered the University
of California and three years later had
graduated from Cooper Medical College
in San Francisco, barely reaching hl3
majority. He came to Oakland at once
and commenced the practice of his pro
fession, attaining a high place among the
medical fraternity. In politics Dr. Blood
was active during the days of the old
regime in the Republican party organiza
tion of the county.
The deceased physician was a big
hearted, genial companion and had scores
of friends . in this city, who will mourn
his untimely death. Dr. Blood was 39
years of age. a native of Plumas County.
He leaves a wife, Mrs. Charlotte L.
Blood, and two daughters. 4 and 9 years
of age respectively. In Chlco reside his
mother and married sister, airs. H.
Camper.
OAKLAND. Sept. 12.— Dr. Warren
H. Blood, formerly prominent In
Republican politics of Alameda
County, died to-day at noon at
"Have you ever realized, Harry, dear,
the amount we pay during the year for
paper bags and wooden platcsT*
"Paper bags and wooden plates! Why,
Mollie, what do you mean? Why should
you buy them? Of what use are they?"-
"That Is just what I want to know.
When I was a little girl. If my mother
sent me to the grocery to buy sugar, tea.
coffee or any dry article, it was scooped
up from the barrel or box and weighed In
the scales, which were kept immaculately
bright for the purpose, then carefully
wrapped in suitable paper. Now, for all
of ti-ese, pager bags are used, placed In
the scales and weighed and sold at the
rate of from 5 cents, to $1 a pound, and
often more. If we bought butter In thoso
days, a delicate piece of white paper was
laid on the scales and the butter laid on
It. Now, the wooden plates or boxes are
used in addition, weighed android at tho
rate of from 30 to 40 cents a pound. One
unexasperating paper bag or wooden but
ter plate Is as nothing, even when the
latter Is bound with tin, but when we are
forced to buy them by the dozens all the
year round and consider the infinitesimal
cost to the grocer and his yearly profit
from them, then it becomes exasperating
and makes one's mathematical nerves
quiver at the consumption. And- the fun
ny side is that we cannot rail against any
'trust* for this. It Is Just a plain, every
day steal on the part of the grocer.
"Why should not the dry goods mer
chant measure his wrapping paper with
his silks, his muslins, flannels, ginghams,
all textures? The necessary quantity of
wrapping T>aper, If measured with each
of those and sold at a like price, would
give him a nice increase In profits. What
Is fair and just In one line of business
should be equally so In another."
"Mollie, are you insane?"
"No, Harry dear; but when we have
paid the Iceman dally for the weight of
his tongs and the grocer for his paper
bags and wooden plates, I would like to
know where our 'cinch' comes in."— New"
York Times.
A Cinch for the Grocer.
— , -~.
Eminent Physician Falls
an Early Victim of
Pneumonia.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
OAKLAND, Sept. 12.— Miss Ada M.
Trefethen, whose engagement to
Clement P. Rust of this city has
been announced. Is a brilliant
pianist s.nd one of the most ac
complished members of the Wednesday
Morning Musical Club. She is also prom
inent in the Unity Club.
Mr. Rust, the groom-to-be, is the local
representative of a large Eastern manu
facturing firm and enjoys considerable
popularity both in business and social
circles.
No date has been selected for the wed
ding, but It will probably take place In
the near future at the home of the bride's
mother, Mrs, A. S. Trefethen.
• • •
Miss Elizabeth Zissen and Charles
Moore, a young business man of Oakland,
were married on September 5, at the
bride's home on Broadway, the ceremony
being witnessed by the relatives of the
contracting parties only. The Rev. J. H.
Theiss. pastor of the Reformed Lutheran
church, officiated. There were no at
tendants. - The bride was attired in a
pretty gray traveling gown.
Mr. and Mrs. Moore have gone to Del
Monte to spend their honeymoon and on
their return will reside on Telegraph ave
nue, in the home just completed and fur
nished by the i?room.
o 1 1 : n i i"i M"X-i-:-i"i"i"i.i i m-*»
BERKELEY. Sept. 12.— The unusual
¦epectacle of a Congregational minister
•addressing the congregation of a Unltar
,lan church is to take place to-morrow
morning at the First Unitarian Church.
'The Rev. J. K. McLean, for many years
•pastor of the First Congregational
'Church of Oakland and president of the
•Pacific Theological Seminary, Is to take
the place in the pulpit of the First Uni
tarian Church usually held by the Rev.
' F. L. Hosmer, who will officiate to-mor
row at the Stanford Memorial Church.
"Both ministers believe that they can
change pulpits with perfect consistency
• end when ppoken to about the unusual
occurrence said they had thought cf It
simply as a fair exchange and in line with
the broad-mindedness of the times.
The Bev. J. K McLean Will Occupy
the Pulpit of His Friend, the
Rev. F. L. Eosmer.
CONGREGATIONAL PASTOR
TO ADDRESS TJNITAILIANS
ALAMEDA. Sept.- 12.— As a result of
the violent talks on tar and feathers de
livered at a meeting on railroad fran
chises of the Board of Trad© last night
against four members of the Board of
City Trustees, a number of prominent
citizens Inaugurated a movement to-day
to call a mass-meeting of the conservative
residents and business men who believe
that the good name of Alamcda is suf
fering abroad through these utterances.
The meeting Is intended to indicate to the
City Trustees that many of Aiameda's
citlzjna are opposed to the radical «peech
€S and Trtli support the Trustees In
¦whatever they think best to do for the
Interests of AJameda. The date of the
gathering has not yet been, fixed, but will
' b© early r.ext week. -• •
• Among those -who to-day were arrang
ing for the gathering of citizens were
. President J. E. Baker of the Bank of
Alarneda, Joseph Knowland, one of the
directors of the same institution: F. W.
Van Elcklen ar.d Dr. G. P. Reynolds.
Moore took rule and map and with the
evidence he introduced tried to show that
the accident could not have happened as
the girl stated. He endeavored to show
that she was attempting to get off the
moving train while it was In motion in
order to save a walk of several blocks. A
twenty days' stay of execution was asked
for .the company and the time was
granted.
The arguments "were masterly efforts.
Delmas made the most' of the fact that
his client was a young. girl with her life
spreading out before her'and that this In-
Jury might develop at any time In the fu
ture.
The trial has been a hard fought one.
Matched against each other were D. M.
Delmas for the girl and A. A. Moore for
tho railroad. Both attorneys had assist
ance, but these two carried on the fight.
Every point was challenged and every
piece of evidence scrutinized before It was
allowed to go to the jury.
Yesterday all the testimony had been
taken and this morning the arguments
began. After some preliminary skirmish-
Ing between the attorneys It was agreed
that the arguments should be limited to
three hours to- be divided between them.
Oelmas opened the case ¦with an hour's
argument ' and then gave way to Moore,
who talked an hour and a half, when
Delmas closed with a speech half an hour
In length. The "jury was out but a short
time. - With 'the exception of one man.
they were unanimous In the granting of
the verdict as rendered.
The Jury which tried the case was com
posed of ex-Senator M. W. Dixon (fore
man), Carl Berlin. W. E. Acheson. E. K.
Waterman, C. H. Cole, E. J. Blandlng,
H. turn Suden, R. H. Casterson, W. • D.
Thomas, M. Y. Smith, A. A. Demars and
C. B. Rice. Acheson stood out for the de
fense, and when the jury was polled
stated that he was opposed to the ver
dict.
A jury this afternoon gave Gertrude
Johnson a verdict for 111,000 against the
Southern Pacific Company for damages
she received in being. thrown off a train
near Niles station. The girl claimed that
the brakeman had gone through the train
and called out that the next station would
be Niles and when the train came to a
standstill she took her basket and was
about to alight, when it suddenly started
again and she was thrown on to a pile of
tits. Her 6kull was fractured and her
arm broken. j
Her injuries necessitated the removel of
a piece of skull 2*3 Inches, over which
there Is now no protection but the skin
and scalo. The defense tried to show
that In the case of a lG-year-old girl, as
the plaintiff Is, she would entirely recover
from the effects of such a wound and that
It was through her own carelessness that
she was hurt.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. 12.
While Walkirez was waiting for the ver
dict he was perceptibly nervous. He kept
his feet going and drummed with his lin
gers. He lit a cigarette, but threw it
away before he had smoked half of It. A
smile of relief came over him when it
was announced that he could still live.
The trial of the case has lasted for two
weeks. The jurors said that three ballots
were taken. The first one was to deter
mine his guilt and eleven stood for convic
tion and one for acquittal. A second wa?
taken with the same result and then it
was found out whose was the dissenting
vote. Troy expressed his beilef that
Walkirez was Insane at the time he com
mitted the deed. Arguments were used
to dissuade him from the stand he had
taken and one or two determined ones an
nounced their, intention of staying there
three weeks before they would agree to
anything less than imprisonment for life.
A third ballot was then taken and a
unanimous verdict fixing the penalty was
agreed upon.
Attorneys on both sides of the case ex
pressed themselves satisfied with the re
sult.- District Attorney Allen and Dep
uty District Attorney Philip" M. Walsh
said thft conviction of the man satisfied
them, while Attorneys Frank Herald and
Thomas Pearson both thought they had
won a victory in saving their client's life.
Victor "Walkirez, the murderer of ased
Elizabeth Leroy, escaped the extreme
penalty of the lav/ by the verdict brought
in by a jury to-night. One man raved the
negro's neck for him. "When the verdict
was read it was discovered that the jury
had fixed his punishment at life imprison
ment. Sentence wlll.be pronounced upon
Walkirez next Tuesday at 10 a. m.
Tho jury went out shortly before 5, re
turning: at S o'clock. Tho members agreed
upon a verdict In a very short tlme?~but
Judge and attorneys had gone to their
dinners and it was some time before they
returned. When the jury filed In the fol
lowing men answered before announcing
the verdict: William Berry, Patrick Car
roll, J. F. A. Schnoor, William H. Rouse,
Reuben TV'iand. John.H. Troy. S. L. Pot
ter. Emll KlrchofT. Charles M. Cornell.
Nelson . Provost, j W. Thornally and
Thomas E. McGulro. . Troy voted not
guilty on the fir3t ballot, but after some
argument imprisonment' for life wa?
agreed upon Instead of the death penalty
favored by most of the jurors.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
J118 Broadway. Sept. 12.
Helplessly fast, the girl felt herself be
coming weaker and weaker from th©
straln. Her companion, a witness to the
accident, galloped off down the track for
assistance from a gang of section hands
half a mile away. While they were hur
rying to the rescue an Overland train
hove In sight. Mies Colby saw the loco
motive and was chilled with horror. fear-
Ing that it would bear down upon her be
fore warning could be given. But tha
trackmen signaled the approaching train
In time and after stopping It went to
work to get the Imprisoned girl and her
horse out of the trestle. This was ac
complished, and Miss Colby. much
bruised and suffering severely from the
shock, was sent to her residence in Clare
mont. Since then the young woman has
been confined to her bed under a physi
cian's care.
Pinioned In a railroad trestle crossing
with an Overland train approaching was
the perilous plight of Miss Vesta Colby,
17 years old, daughter of Professor
George Colby, at West Berkeley Wednes
day afternoon, while she was out horse
back ridlne with her friend, Miss Alary
Downey.
The young women In a daredevil spirit
had started their homes across the tres
tle to make a short cur through the
fields. Miss Downey's steed safely mads
the walk. Half way across Miss Colby's
horse slipped and went through between
the heavy timbers and the young rider
was caught with the struggling animal.
Berkeley Office San Frar.claco Call,
2113 Center street. Sept. 12.
Delmas Gets a Verdict for
$11,000 as Ccmpensation
for His Client.
Mis3 Vesta Colby Has Peril
ous Experience on West
Berkeley Tracks. >
Wild Talk of Tar and Feath
ers Arouses Quiet Ele
ment of Residents.
Jury's Verdict Is Guilty, but
Life Imprisonment Is
Recommended.
ConservativeAlamedans
Prepare for a Mass
Meeting.
Gertrude Johnson Wins
>Suit Against the
Railroad.
Walkirez's Neck Saved
by One Dissenting
Voice.
Fallen Horse Renders
Rider Helpless With
Train Near.
WILL SUPPORT
CITY TRUSTEES
Engagement of Accomplished Musician to Clement
P. Rust, a Prominent Manufacturers' Agent, Is
Formally Announced — Zissen - Moore Nuptials
GIRL AWARDED
HEAVY DAMAGES
CHEATS GALLOWS
OF THEIR PREY
PINIONS GIRL
ON A TRESTLE
MISS ADA M. TREFETHEN
SOON TO BECOME BRIDE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY. SEPTEMBER 13. 1903.'
DR. BLOOD
ANSWERS
LAST CALL
37
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24,
1903, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested to pre-
sent them immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium r *fites will b»
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24.MANY PLAYERS
ON THE COURTS
The manufacturers of absinthe in Wis
consin are now exporting to Europe- a
part of their product, ,80 that the; French
have competition in the . business of
makine their most important liauor.
It Is proposed in France to^ establish
subterranean observatories by drilling
miles Into the earth with oil well ma
chinery. In these the strata, temperature
and gases at various depths would be
studied.
Some of the seamen returned to New
Zealand from the -Discovery, who have
had experience of both the Arctic and
Antarctic, say that the I cold In the latter
is -less severe and the atmosphere drier.
A curious phenomenon .they did not ex
pect and' cannot explain- is the fact that
the cold winds in the Antarctic J wera
usually north, -while : the comparatively
warm .winds were southerly. ,. . .
Strange Climatic Conditions.
The. curator had a plan' and he. called
for an \ extra fat snake pill. T When the
stuffed snake appeared it -was distended
to the bursting point. In more than a
month the cobra had not touched food.
Mr. Dltmars summoned five keepers,
armed himself with a surgeon's pincers,
and proceeded to the attack. Through a
circular aperture, protected with a slldel
the snake pill was threaded. The hungry
snake took hold of It at once. Frequently 1
she stopped. In evident pain, but each time
she resumed uritil the long, black thing
was half-way down her throat. ''
This was the moment to act. The door
was ; thrown open and before the cobra
could disgorge, herself to fight, she was
seized by the head and throat, while other
hands grasped her body and tall. Then
the mouth' was forced wide apart, while
the pincers did their work, and the finest
specimen of cobra in captivity was thus
saved to the collection.— McClure's.
A remarkable feat of snake surgery took
place recently In tho New York Zoological
Park under Curator Dltmars. Nalgina, a
splendid 10-foot king cobra had developed
an abscess next to one of her poison
fangs, and unless this were removed she
would die. • To capture the dangerous rep
tile, to force her jaws apart, and to cut
the abscess, was the problem.
Surgical Operation on a Cobra.
It will do the visiting and make social
calls without the trouble of "dressing
up" and making a dusty, sultry or freez
ing ride.
It will get a doctor on a moment's no
tice, and maybe save a loved one's life.
It will get election returns as soon as
they are in.
It will keep away insolent tramps and
prowling burglars.
It will keep the boys on the farm, and
also the daughters. :
It will make homes happier, brighter
and better and more delightful In a thou
sand different ways.
Progressive farmers . throughout the
country are installing telephones in their
homes, and In the near future every ag
riculturist will have a direct means of
communication with the outside world. —
Charlottesvllle Chronicle.
Have you ever thought how many hours
out of every week can be saved for your
self, your family and your teams by the
assistance of the telephone? Have you
ever calculated the minutes that can be
gained in case of sickness or business
emergencies? Have you ever thought of
the dollars that you might gain were you
only in close touch with the markets?
Can you conceive the pleasure to be de
rived from having In your home means
ol immediate communication with rela
tives, neighbors or friends, though situat
ed miles away?
The telephone win pay for itself by get
ting better market prices.
It will save several dollars every month
by avoiding needless trips to town.
It will deliver and receive telegrams and
important ..messages immediately and
without extra expense.
It will keep you informed on weather
predictions.
It will order repairs instantly when ma
chines break down.
Telephones and Farmers.
Metropolitan — Boradori, Nicely, Smith, De
Bolt, Ba Ian tine, liaruth, Stewart, McManus,
Gleaeon and Murray.
A match game of baseball was played
yesterday between teams from the Pa
cific Mutual and the Metropolitan Life
Insurance companies. The former team
won an excitmg game by a score of 16
to 10. The teams were mad© up as fol
lows:
.Pacific Mutual — Irvlngr, Otto, F. Elster, Pen
fleld, Heffernan, HraunuBel, It. Elster, John
ston, Sloan and McCandllsh.
Insurance Men Play BalL
" LOS ANGELES, Sept. 12.— Manager J.
F. Morley /of the Los Angeles Baseball
Association eaid to-day regarding the ac
tion of the National Association of Minor
BasebalJ Leagues in assigning Pitchers
Newton and Corbett to Brooklyn: "We
have something to say .about this. The
action of the National Association will
not aiTect Corbett and Newton as long as
they want to play in this league. This
Association of Minor Leagues has to
come to us. and any action they may
take in arbjtrarily assigning players now
in the Los Angeles Club will cut no fig
ure. I have already signed Newton for
next season and he will rtay right here,
I hope to sign Corbett also."
Morley .Hopes to Retain Corbett.
Promptly enough the future Attorney
General said: "It would be worth at least
5200,000 to me"— not wanting to remain
and believing that the sum would be suf
ficient to end the matter. He was re
tained, and that was his fee for the next
month's work.
Mr. Knox lives in on© ' of the finest
houses in Washington and indulges his
fancy for fast horses. Every day that
the sun shines he may be seen driving
about the capital behind one of his horses,
which cost thousands of dollars. . , .
Secretary of the Interior Hitchcock was
rich from the time of his birth and has
been associated with big business enter
prises in the West, which make his
wealth grow with each day. The salaries
of any of the Cabinet officers named
would hardly pay their house rent. AH
their other expenses for entertaining, for
horses, for the diversions which they seek
in summer and for their households dur
ing the social season must come from
their private fortunes.
They are necessarily losing large sums
of money by remaining in the public ser
vice. But each of them has some good
excuse for remaining.
Mr. Root stays in office at a .sacrifice
because he has yet to work our some of
the army reforms which the legislation
of the last session of Congress provided
for. A year ago he was telling his friends
that he would remain only* until he had
secured the legislation.
Mr. Hitchcock stays in the Cabinet be
cause he wants to put the entire Interior
Department on a business basis before
giving way to a successor. Mr. Knox
stays, not because he wants to, but.be
cause he Is Interested In the great legal
fight over the interstate commerce law.
So each man can give a special reason
why he retains his Government place at
the sacrifice: of his personal Interests.—*
New York Commercial.". ...
Mr. Knox explained that he would be
unable to do so because of his plans for a
foreign tour. Pleadings were In vain until
he was asked how much It would be
worth to him to postpone his trip and
take the suit
In every branch of the Government ser
vice in the departments in Washington,
as well as in the Federal offices of the
various cities, rich men are found working
faithfully and hard because of the Inter
est they feel In their duties, writes the
Washington correspondent of the New
York Sun.
John Hay, Secretary of State, Is per
haps in his present place because of pa
triotic sense of duty. There are many
reasons why he should want to retire
from the cares of state. He Is rich and
has one of the finest homes in the na
tional capital, Just across Lafayette
square from the White House.
His social station could easily be main
tained were he out of office, and he could
continue to lead In the set that has been
led by him for so long. But he remains
in the public service because he is told
that no one knows the foreign relations
of our Government as well as he, or Is
qualified to fill his place just as he has
filled' it He serves because of a patriotic
sense of duty and because some of the
ambitions which he has had for the na
tion have not been entirely worked out.
Secretary of War Root is also rich. It
is said that his income at the time when
he went into the Cabinet was in excess
of $50,000 a year from his profession.
Attorney General Knox, too, is rich.
One Incident is cited to show Just how
some of his wealth came to him. He had
planned a trip to Egypt with his family
one winter and made every preparation
for it. Two days before his departure he
was approached by the representative of
one of the big Western Pennsylvania
companies and asked to take charge of a
suit which would require about a month
of his time.
Many Rich Men With Large Private
Incomes Serve Their Country
for a Pittance.
g > Delicacy. p
a. Eg > a z Si
J S?S *1 5j 5 5g
CONTESTANTS '* 3 02 <Y< "*- SC
I : f I" % \l
C. O. Young.. 87.4 89.8 88.4 89 88.3
C. R. Kenniff.. 100 93 89 93.4 91.2 98.3
T. W. Broth'ton 112IS6.8 S4.8 86.8 83.8 D5.9
T. C. KlerulfT.. 94185 78.4 86.8 82.6 89.3
W. B. Brooks... 111|S5 80.8 82.6 81.71....
A direct weekly train from Mo'scow to
Dalny, on the Yellow Sea, has Just been
installed. The time is thirteen and a half
days, with two days* steamer added to
Shanghai and one and a half added to
Nagasaki, Japan.
DOING HAB.D,DTJTY
FOR, PURE DUTY'S SAKE
SALT LAKE, Utah, Sept. 12.— Jack
Clifford of Salt Lake and Benny Tang-er
of Chicago have been matched for a
twenty-round contest before the Sham
rock Athletic Club of this city for Octo
ber 16. Clifford received word to-day from
Yanger's manager finally, arranging the
meeting.
Clifford and Yanger Matched.
The last of the regular contests of the
San Francisco Flycastlns Club for the
season were held yesterday at Stow Lake.
Golden Gate Park. Only five members
took part The official scores follow:
Flycasting Club Contests.
LIEUTENANT CASEY WINS
MILITARY CHAMPIONSHIP
New York Guardsman Scores 192
Out of Possible 21O at Big
Tournament.
SKA GIRT. X. J.. '(Sept. 12. — The big
shooting tournament closed to-day Im
mediately after Lieutenant K. K. V. Ca
sey. Seventy-first Regiment, New York,
had won the military championship of
the United Stales byf scoring 192 out of
a possible 210. He captured the title by
iinishing the lead j ;in the President's
match, together wltljjja gold medal and
$130 .in cash. Sergfeant A. S. Corbett,
s-eventy-first New Yiirrk, finished second
with 1S8, and Lieutenant Ramey, also
of the Seventy-first jj New York, third,
with 1T5.
Thope who finished in the lead in the
several re-entry individual matches
were:
Hyposcope match — Edward Breeze,
Jfew Jersey. #
Consolation match — Lieutenant Xa
than Speering:,- Pennsylvania.
All-comers' . military match — Lieuten*
ant W. M.' Farrow, "Second District of
Columbia.
Kuser trophy, rap!id-fire match — J. L.
Kuser, X«wr Jersey! brother of the do
nator of the trophyj!
Reading match— Captain B. B. McAlli-
Bon, New York.
Members of National Rifle Associa
tion — Sergeant W.j F. Leishner, New
York.
Hays match. New Jersey Rifle Asso
ciation — Captain HJlM. Bell, Second New
Jersey.
General E. P. M finny match — Sergeant
Charles Moore, Pennsylvania.
The Perrine memorial match — X. J.
McCarner, Fourth New Jersey.
New Jersey State Rifle Association
trophy match — R. I-. Bowen of Rhode
Island and TV. G. Hudson of New Jer
sey tied. They divided the prize.
Grif Jones Exonerated.
PHILADELPHIA; SeDt. ' 12.-The Coro
ner's Jury which to-day investigated the
death of Joe RIley, pugilist, who. died
after a cix-round boxing match Tuesday
with Grif Jones of jiNew York, found that
the pugilist died of uraemia. • Jones was
discharged. \ *', I '
For the second eight trophy Douglas
Hardy will play W. J. Casey In the final
round. In the first round F. H. Green
won by default from Dr. H. O. Howitt:
W. J. Casey beat R. B. Hellman. 7 up 5
to play: Carleton Curtis won by default
from W. L. Dean, and Douglas Hardy de
feated J. Heintz, 5 up 4 to play.
In the second or semi-final round "W. J.
Casey won by default from F. H- Green
and Douglas Hardy beat Carleton Curtln.
1 up.
Mrs. R. O. Brown and Mrs. Hoe tied
with scores of 31 strokes for the fifteen
balls. The "tie will be played off to-day.
The ocores were as follows: Mrs. Brown,
31, scratch; Mrs. Roe, 34 less 2—31; Mrs.
Hooper, 83 less 2—33: Mrs. Hardy. 83 less
2—34; Mrs. Skinner. 40 less 2—33; Mrs.
Crooks, 33, scratch. The following ladles
entered, receiving the handicaps set after
their names: Mr3. Curtis, 2: Mrs. Davis,
4; Mrs. Howitt. 6: Mrs. Casey, 5; Mrs.
Hilbert, 8: Mrs. "Williams! 0; Mrs. John
son. 0; Mrs. Green, 0.
The competition for the Council's cup
for men has reached the final round,
which will be between E. J. Hooper and
R. J. Davis. In the first round E. J.
Hooper beat R. G. Brown. 2 up 1 to play:
George Heazelton beat H. Dibblee, 3 up 2
to play; R- J. Davis beat G. M. Pinckard.
2 up; J. J. Crooks beat C. A- Belden, 7
up 6 to play.
In the second or semi-final round E. J.
Hooper beat George Heazelton. 8 up 2 to
play, and R. J. Davis won 2 up from J. J.
Crooks.
The ladles of the San Rafael Golf Club
held a handicap putting contest yester
day on the Happy Valley course, five balls
each from the edges of the ninth, first
and fourth greens, for a prize presented
by Mrs. H. O. Howitt.
Coursing of the open plains variety was
seen yesterday at Ingleslde Park. Mc-
Henry and Linda Vista ran seven minutes
before they were finally taken up. The
hare eluded the relief dogs and it was
with difficulty the course was -ended be
fore the dogs could be Injured.
Pacing Billy beat Roulette in a trial
lasting three minutes and fifteen leconds.
Judge Tierney Jumped off his horse and
picked up the game little hare before the
greyhounds could injure It.
In another long trial the hare darted
into Slip Steward McHugh's stand and
was 6aved. There were a number ¦ of
courses extending over two mnlutes. The
scores in some of the long courses were
unusually small, the dogs getting but few
turns out of. the hares.
The most prominent - candidates for
etake honors to-day are: Homer Boy,
Siskiyou, Young Fearless and. Special.
They were all fortunate In getting short
trials, which will give them a decided ad
vantage over the dogs -which had hard
running. The results in detail, with
Judge Thomas Tierney's official scores,
follow:
Rosetree beat Bella Lloyd, 8-8; Anchor beat
Golden Links. 7-1 r Commercial Traveler beat
Fair Play, 7-5; Irvlgton Tralee beat Tom Hur
lick,-5-4; Adams beat Our Motto, 6-5 ;" Fireside
beat Miss Grizzle, 7-5; Miss Wilson beat To
basco Bob, 8-3; Marguerite beat Meddlesome.
11-8; Sofala beat Welcome Light, 16-8; Lily
Wright beat Fannie Hughle, 13-8; Little Lucy
beat Imperious, 16-6; Equator* beat White
Mystery, 19-7; Honor Bright beat Silver Lass,
10-4; Flora Belle a bye. Free Born withdrawn;
Intruder beat Flower of Kerry, 6-2; Snapper
Garrison beat Menlo Prince, 9-3; Young Buck
beat Flora Bird, 12-6; Yellow Tail beat On
ward Maud, 8-5; Maid of the Olen beat Lazy
Bob, 12-1; Belfast beat Lady Pluto, 14-0; Spe
cial beat Minnie Sankey, 6-0; Old Ironsides
beat Royal Sport. 4-0; Pacing Billy beat Rou
lette. 8-4; J EH beat cruiser, 6-0; Little
Plunger beat Master Clalr, 7-6; Una beat Odd
Eyes, 2-0; Articulate beat Tom Sayers, 3-1;
Cluster beat East lake, 6-5; Pepper Jack beat
Krishna, 13-4; General Dewet a bye, Roy
Hughie withdrawn; Haddlpgton beat Luxury.
8-6; Van Nora beat Anner Boy. 9-5: Gold Lily
beat Glaucus, 7-3; Firm Fellow beat Jingle
Bells, 12-8; Free From Flaw beat Hesper, 5-3;
Concord Tralee beat Pure Pearl, &-7; Whisper
beat Kittleman, 14-6; Advance Guard beat Ru
ral Artist, 13-3; Idaho Boy beat Prometheus,
4-3; Yankee Boy beat Yukon. 4-2; Wattles beat
Idle Fellow. 10-4; Young Johnny Rex beat Our
Myra, 16-7; Fenli beat Braw'n Hill. 4-3; Mc-
Henry beat Linda Vista, 13-6; King's Pride
beat Golden Light, 8-1; Siskiyou beat Roxana,
4-2: Doc Burns beat Fair Glen, 8-2; Gramercy
beat Boco Girl, 8-2; Homer Boy beat Vagrant,
8-1: Topsy Turvey beat Gunpowder, . 7-0; Or
slna beat Rockefeller, 8-6; White Buck beat
Manhattan King, 10-8; Young Fearless beat
Lulu Girl, 5-3; Half Moon beat-Balmy Climate.
15-3; Cascade a bye, Doreen withdrawn; Har
vest John beat Thetis, 6-5.
Seventh race, seven furlongs, selling, purse
$225— C. Mulholland's b. m. Mlsa Vera, by
Amigo-Fame. Ill (See). 5 to 3, won; The Mil
ler (114 (Powell), even, second; Limber Jim
114 (Frawley), 8 to 1, third. Time, 1:27%.
Blondura and Miss Remsen also ran. Hondu
ran left at post.
Fifth race, five furlongs, handicap, purse
$225 — Elmwood Farm's t>. c. Instructor, by
Brutus-Imitation. 120 (See), 1 to 2, won; Annie
Mario, 113 (Bozeman), 2 to 1, second; Metla
katla, 100 (Jackson). 2 to 1, third. Time,
1:01%. Miss May Bowdlsh also ran.
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs, selling,
purse $225 — J. D. Mlllln's g. g. E. M. Brattain
by Captive- Leora, 108 (Burk), even, won; Bliss
ful, 104 (Chandler), 7 to 5, second; Glenden
ning, 113 (Hildebrand). 2 to 1, third. Time.
1:00%. Royal F also ran.
Third race, five and a half furlongs, selling,
purse $225 — B. F. Hobart' 8 ch. m. Skirmish, by
War Song-Lady Lyons. 113 (Powell), 4 to 1,
won; Skip Me, 112 (Tullett), 8 to 1, second;
Little Margaret, 106 (Hildebrand). 5 to 4,
third. Time, 1:07%. Gold Scratch and Step
Around also ran.
Fourth race, one and a quarter miles, Presi
dent's Etake — <J. Webb's b. g. Solon, by Clieve
den-Arethusa, -102 (Powell), even, won; Illowa
ho, 10S (Jackson), even, second; Cambaceres, 00
(Hildebrand), 4 to 1, third. Time, 2:07#. Con
etellator also ran.
Time— 2:24, 2:22, 2:22%.
Second race, live and a half furlongs, selling,
purse $225 — J. Stolte's ch. m. Madame Bishop
by The Bishop-Caster Lady, 105 (Chandler),
even, won; D wight way, 114 (Bozeman), 7 to 1.
eecond; Roltaire, 105 (Lewis), 5 to 1, third.
Time, 1:06%." Billy Young, Ora Viva, Malpla
quet and Quldado also ran.
day-Eva B (Donnelly) 1 11
H D B (Bell) 3 2 2
Lad7 Madison (Ward) 4 3 3
Mary Elizabeth (Maben) 2.4 4
Moor Hose (Hoy) 6 5 5
First race, consolation purse for green.trot
ters:
C. A. Arnedous' ch. h. Sutter by Noon-
STTMMARY.
Miss Vera, with See in the saddle and
3 to 1, came from behind In the final
seven-furlong run and beat The Miller a
head. The last mentioned gelding was an
even money favorite. Limber Jim wa3
third. F. E. MULHOLLAND.
The gray horse E. M. Brattain seemed
to have regained his form, for In the sec
ond five and a half furlong scramble he
defeated Blissful, Glendenning and Royal
F in fast time. The winner was an even
money favorite in the ring, and after rac
ing Glendenning Into subjection was
brought to a fierce drive to down Blissful
a neck In l:06& Chandler on the latter
filly "rode a poorly judged race or she
would have been returned the winner. '
E. M. BBATTAIN" IN FORM.
Madame Bishop was reported to be the
cherry-ripe one for the first running
dash and received considerable backing
at even money. » Chandler got the mare
away In front, and at the end Dwlght
Way was the only one to prove bother
some, losing by half a length In a drive.
Poltalre finished third.
Bookmaker Caesar Young's filly Little
Margaret, with Hildebrand up, went to
the post a 4 to 6 favorite for the next
number, and finished third. Powell had
the mount on Skirmish to-day instead of
Hobart, and the aged mare won. easily
after Gold Scratch and Skip Me had
raced out in front to the stretch. Cut off
soon after the start, the favorite run Into
the show. , ,
In the five-furlong handicap for two
year-olds there were only four starters,
and Instructor, carrying 120 pounds, was
installed a 1 to 2 favorite. Of the other
starters Annie Marie was about the only
one to carry any support. Overconfldence
on the part of See almost lost the race
for the favorite' He waited to the pad
dock . for Annie Marie to quit, and then
had to sit down and ride hard to earn
tho decision by a head. The show went
to Mettakalta.
FAVORITE FINISHES FIRST.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 12.— Tha fiftieth 1
annual State Fair race meetirfig closed at !
Agricultural Park this afternoon, with
a moderate . sized crowd present. Unlike
most get-away dayB, the clean-up for the
books was not a heavy one, as the bet
ting was light.
Despite the fact that the odds laid by
the ring have been of the airtight order,
the layers have laid away nothing, and
are lucky to get out with a small balance
to the good. The pea and shell game man,
with his duster and false whiskers, is fast
becoming a thing of the past, and the
sooner the syndlcater and his 80 per cent
book shuffles off to some .other land the
better it will be for the racing game in
this State. The bier has been prepared,
the mourners are ready and the floral
pieces are In course of construction.
gutter captured the consolation purse
for trotters in straight heats, selling a 10
to 4 choice over the field. Six running
events followed, of which number favor
ites toak four. B. M. Brattaln ran five
and a half furlongs in 1:06^, making a
new track record.
Both Divina and IJoratlus were ab
sentees from the President stake, over
one and a quarter miles, making that
number devoid of all Interest. Solon car
ried all the wise money, and In a mild
drive finished more than a length ahead
of Illowaho in 2:07%. Cambaceres dis
posed of Constellator, the only other
starter, for the show.
SIXTH RACE— Handicap; for three-year
olds and upward; one and a sixteenth miles
on turf:'
•Betting. .Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1— Stamp. Ground. 102 (Hlgns) 9 7 11%
9 to, 5 — Injunction. 116 (Oannon).. 5 6 2 %
8 to 1— Rostand, 102 - (J. Martin).. 13 3 2
Time.' 1:47 4-5* Start good. Won driving.
Winner. F. R. Doctor'*! br. f. by I^ampllghter-
Elsie.' Mollle Brant- 100, Daly SS Gay Boy
112. Flora 00, Knight of Rhodes 102, Stroller
100 Sentry S>8. Colonsay 81, ali<> ran.
FIFTH RACE- Selling; all ages; five and a
half furlongs on Futurity course:
netting. Horse, Weight. 'Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1— Funny Side. 104 (Redfern) 2 2 1 M
IS to 5— To San. -03 (Hlggins).... 112 3
«U to 1— The Bowery. 107 (Gray).. 8 6 3 l'i
Time, 1:07 3-5. Start bad. Won driving.
"Winner. SI^sT. .W. I4ttlefleld's br. f. by
Galore- Lerriness. Monet ; 105.' Gold ' Splnk 97,
Oriel 110. Uda Ueb 104, San Remo 97. Florl
zel 99, Yellow Hammer 1OT. Ruby Ring 99,
Vagary 10S Agnes Brennan 102 Canteloupe
101. Gold Tip 97. Russell Sage 103. Extralaw
104. Cheripe 100, Silver Rays 100, Silex 101,
also ran.
j FOURTH RACE — The Annual Champion
ship of f-5,000; for three-year-olds and up
ward; two and a quarter miles:
Hetting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1— Igniter, lia (Fuller) 4 3 1 1 >£
7 to 5 — Douro. 110 (Gannon) 2 4 4 6
7 to 1 — M. Daingerfleld. 117 (Odom) 1 2 3 1%
Time. a:53 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. A. Featherstone's b. c. by Lampllght
er-Trlana. River Pirate 1C8 Charles Elwood
112. also ran. v
Time. 1:12. Start fair. Won ridden out.
Winner. W. Clay's br. f. by Ben Brush-La
Colina. Greencre-st 105, Conjurer 119, Mon
tana King 1CK3. Wotan 110. Topic 106, Palm
bearer 120, Masedo 1OS. Orthodox 110. also ran.
THIRD RACE— The Great Eastern handicap;
two-year-olds; six furlongs on Futurity course:
CetttnZ- Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1— Ladv Amelia. 114 (Martin) 1 1 1 2>5
G to r — Pulsus 123 (O'Neill) 3 2 2 Vj
5 to 1 — Kobadil 105 (Fuller) 2 3 3 h
Time. 1:13 1-8. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner, Albemarle Stable's br. m. by Rain
b&w-Prosperity. Forward 100, Mlladl Love
101. Embarrai>smcnt 104. Illyria 102. Cassville
'.»U, Canajoharie 1112 Judge Fulton 90 Blserta
US. St. Gallen 92, Miss Melton 90, also ran.
SECOND RACE— Highwplght handicap; all
ages; six furlongs on main track:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
10 to 1 — Wealth. 116 (Coburn).... 4 2 1 l'i
9 to 1— Futurita. 114 (Gannon).. 0 3 2 1^
0 to 5— Mamie Worth, 115 (Fuller) 3 7 3 2VJ
NEW YORK, Sept. 12. — Before a crowd
of 25,000 persons, Arthur Featherstone'a
Igniter won the $25,000 Annual Champion
stakes, at two and a quarter miles, at
Sheepshead Bay to-day. Igniter was
quoted at 7 to 1. Douro, the favorite, was
second, six lengths in front of Major
DaJngerfleld. The time, 3:53 3-5, breaks
the track record by 2 2-5 seconds, made
by David Garrick in 1900. j
They were sent away to a perfect start.
O'Neill on Charles Ellwood, at once drove
his mount to the front, followed by Major
Daingeriield and Igniter. At the far turn
Puller, on Igniter, and Gannon, on Douro,
went at their mounts with hands and
heels, and, passing the three-eighth pole,
they were in front, running head and
bead. Rounding Into-, the stretch they
were running like a team, but under a hard
drive. At the last eighth pole Douro be
gan to tire and Igniter drew away, win
ning by one and a half lengths. Sum
mary:
FIRST RACE — The Westbury steeplechase;
handicap; about two and a half miles:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. <& Fin.
U to 10— I-and Clover, 1C3 (Veltch) 3 1 11^
7 to 1— Borough. 1-fct (Donohue).. 4 2 2 h
7 to 1— J. Phillips. 142 (O'Brien). 7 3 3 15
Time. 5:20 3-5. ¦ Start good. Won easily.
Winner. Mr. Chamblet's b. g. by Flatlandii-
Lucky Clover. Zlnzabar 157, Tankard 14S,
baron Feprer 140. Daryl 133, also ran.
Special D; r patch to The Call.
Time, 1:50 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, J. McAllister & Co.'s b. g. by Kins
Regent-Miss Knieht. Alfred C 102. Bard of
Avon 09, Kunja 98, Lodestar OS, Prince Blazes
93, also ran.
SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
selling: •
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to 1— Carat, 06 (L Spencer) 4 3 1 3^
7 to 1— Dodle S, 102 (Buchanan) .14 2%
4 to 1— O'Hagen. 102 (Hoffler)... 2 5 3 1
FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs; purse:
Betting. Horse. "Weight. Jockey. St. % Ft".
8 to 8— Roekaway, t>0 (S Bonner) 5 3 12
3 to 1 — Nannie Hodge, 87 (L. Wll) 1 12 4
4 to 1— Ahola, 07 (Robbins) 8 4 3 1Vj
Time, 1:16 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, Bums & Waterhouse's ch. c. by Alta
max-Recreation. Father Tallent 91. Cruzados
106, Tcotsey Mack 79, also ran.
FOURTH RACE — Seven furlongs: handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
5 to 1— Callant. 98 (Robbins) 2 3 1 nk
4 to 1 — Ragtag, 98 (Adklns) 6 1 2>,4
4 to 1 — Brulare. 100 (H Phillips). 4 4 31
Time, 1:31 3-5. Star good. Won driving.
Winner, C. D. Huzzler's g. g. by Klatlanda-
Calliopsia. St. Tammany 93, Wltful 94, also
ran.
THIRD RACE — One and three-eighth miles;
Tecumseh Handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Kin.
3 to 1— Ungulst*. 103 (Adklns)... 8 1 14
4 to 1— Major Tenny, 96 (L. Wilsn) 12 2 1
3 to 1— Lendln*. 01 (H Phillips)... 2 4 84
•Coupled In betting.
Time, 2:25 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. F. Cook's ch. c. by Linden-Ella H.
Foneoluca 107, Judge Himes 112, Barrack 104,
also ran.
SBCOKD RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
selling :
Betting. Hors*. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1— Major Dlxon. 98 (L Wllsn) 9 2 1 V»
12 to 1 — Compass, 98 (Coleman). . .. 0 1 2 3^4
76 to 1 — Old Mike, 97 (£. Spencer) 2 7 :< '
Time, 1:55. Start good. Won easily. "Win
ner, J. T. Stewart & Co.'s br. g. by Sir Dixon-
Vlllette. Frank M 04, Fingal 99, Learoyd 98,
Frank Me 08, Win* Dance 103, Give All 08,
also ran.
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1— Lord Melbourne/ 94 (Oll
phant) S 6-12
7 to 6 — First Attempt, 94 (S Bon) 2 ' 2 '- 2 h
60 to 1— Safeguard, 101 (Davlson). 11 3
Time, 1:17 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. 8. 8. Bender's b. g. by Prince of Mo
naco-Gondola. Vestry 96, Albermarle 94, Mir
iam W 94, Pea Ridge 96. Prodigality 94, Jack
ful 94, Americano 102, also ran.
CHICAGO. Sept. 12.— The third race, the
Tecumseh handjeap, was the feature at
Harlem this afternoon, and .was won
handily by Fred Cook's Linguist. Judge
Himes, the heavily backed favorite, had
no excuse and was beaten away off. Tho
weather was clear; the track good. Sum
mary:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The records broken to-day were made
regular by two purseii events run oft in
advance.
Preceding the breaking of th!s record,
the world's wagrm record was broken by
The Monk and Equity, 1 driven to pole by
their owner, O. K. G. fillings. The home
team broke the recortlof Z'.iZM. held by
Helle Hanilin and Honest George, trotting
i he mile to-day In 2:0?&,'.
. CLEVELAND. Ohioj' Sept. 12.— Two
world's records were broken, this after
noon at the Glenrille t^ack. Lou Dillon,
3:00, paced by two runnjars and driven, by
Millard Sanders, lowerejl to 2:05 the high
eulky trotting record of 2:0S?i, made by
Maud S in 1SS5. Tim« iby quarters, :32Vi.
1:04. 1:25, 2:05. The sulky used to-day
weighed fifty-two pounds, eight pounds
more t?ian the sulky usied by Maud S. It
%vas not ball-'bearir.g. Ijiut of the old axle
fype. being many yearj'old.
2:05.
Reels Off a Mile to an Old
Style Vehicle in
Outgames Douro in a Terrific
Drive Through the '.
Stretch.
Despite Air-Tight Odds the
Ring Is But Little
Ahead.
Interesting Competition Is
Held on the Happy Val
ley Links.
California Colt Rockaway
Scores Third Straight
Victory.
Judge Tierney Jumps From
His Horse and Saves
a Hare.
Trotting Queen Breaks
I High Sulky jjReeord
of Maud S.
Minutes at Ingloside
irarJs.
One Trial Lasts Seven
Judge Himes, the Favo
... rite, Is Not in the .
Running. V.
Mrs. Brown and Mrs.
Roe Each Returns
the Same Score.
Featherstone's Horse Is
First in the Annual
Champion.
President Stake Is Won
by Solon in Mild
Drive.
RICH STAKES
FOR IGNITER
MORE LAURELS
FOR LOU DILLON
WOMEN GOLFERS
IN A TIE MATCH
COURSING SEEMS
OF THE PLAINS
GET-AWAY DAY
AT STATE FAIR
LINGUIST TAKES
THE TECUMSEH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13.Y 1903.
SPORfrS OF THE TURF, THE LINKS AND THE TENNIS COURTS
CHICAGO, Sept. 12.— Miss Bessie An
thony won for the fourth time the title of
Western women's golf champion by de
feating Miss Mabel Higglna, the runner
up, 3 up, two to play, on tha Eimoor
links to-day.
miss Anthony Defends itla.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 12.— Tha AU-
Phlladelphia golf team was defeated by
the Oxford-Cambridge Golfing Society,
which Is now touring this country, on thd
links of the Huntingdon Valley County
Club to-day, by tha score of 11 to 0.
English Golf Team Wins.
Harry Rolf* beat Drammood MacQavta. 3 -ft,
7-5 8-4; Harry Gabriel beat L.. C Bozarth.
€-2) 6-3 7-5: Robert Drolla beat Herbert Gray.
6-2; W*. Little tied Bozarth. 6-1. 1-6; Dr.
Sumner Hardy and Sidney Salisbury beat Drs.
Hill and McChesney. 6-4. ft-7. 7-3; Herbert
Long beat Harry Halght. 6-3. 6-4. 8-2. 2-6;
7-5; Norman Hodgkinson tied Will Allen. 6-3.
6-1. 4-6. 6-8; I>r. Lovegrovo beat W. S. Dole.
8-6 6-3* 2-6; Merlo Johnson beat Salisbury,
6-4' 3-6. 7-5; Dr. Noble beat W. Murpfty, 6-4 1
Noble and LovegTov* beat Murphy and Doi\
12-10.
The California Club tennis courts pre
sented a lively ttpp«uranco yesterday af
ternoon when aurn« spirited practice
matches were played. The most Interest
ing match was a doubles between Dr.
Sumner Hardy and Sidney Salisbury and
Drs. Hill and McChesney.
Hardy, the- ex-cbamplon, was easily th»
star of the- four and played almgst as
good a gama as ever. Hardy and Balls
bury proved a trifle too strong for Hill
and McChesney. winning two seta out of
three. AJ1 three seta went to deuco and
¦were, exceedingly close. The loaers are-
Improving rapidly and will maka a strong
team by next year. Salisbury Is also
playing a fine doubles game and with
Hardy makes a strong combination.
In singles Harry Rolfa distinguished
himself by beating Drumznond MacOstvla
two sets out of three. Young Rolfa'a
occasioned considerable eurprlse la tha
San Rafael tournament. Ha Is making
rapid strides and Is undoubtedly made at
championship material.
After an absence of several weeks from
the courts Will Allen made his reappear-,
ance yesterday and played as cleverly as
ever. After losing the first two seta to
Norman Hodgkinson, tha crack profes
sional, he won, the next two and divided
the honors.
Merle Johnson, another crack, who haa
not played for several months, also ap*
peared on tha courts and, despite a Iac4
of practice, took Sidney Salisbury into
camp. The lattter made him work hard
to win, the match being close.
Herbert Long, one of the most promis
ing young players In the club, beat tha
veteran Harry Haight four sets to onaw
Halght showed a lack of practice and
was considerably off In his game. Long
was particularly clever In tha bacis
court.
The following matches were played:
Sumner Hardy, tho Ex-Cham
pion, Shows His Oid-Time
Form.
Tennis Experts Play
Some Fast Practice
Matches.
38
A2> V KBTISTnvrF.TJTS.
..I OJLJRE..
j Permanently
1 By My Own Original
jj Methods.
i * « » » »»»«»<« «»»«»«»» »¦
I ;! DR. O[. C. JOSLEN, j;
fl " The Leading Fpe eialist. ,
i j A thorough underetanding as to the
Fj nature of an [(ailment le the first <->¦-
Ej fentlal <n its inccessful treatment. Be-
ll cause this first wsential has been lack-
1 1 Ing those firnctlonal derangements
i J commonly knijwn as "woakneps" have
I never be"ii permanently overcome by
II the method! 1 commonly employed
i\ among phyric|»ri«. "Weakness" Is not
M a nervous d!sttr£>r demandinp a tonic
I myiaii cf treatment, but Is merely a
Ei rymptom cf irhronlc Inflammation or
SI congestion in I the prostate gland. This
JJ condition cxiiiu as a result of early
m 'dissipation on. Borne improperly treated
I ] contracted disorder, and" requires care-
¦ , fully directed local measures only.
ii Under my treatment all parts of tha
I 1 organic cystem are quickly restored to
i I n. normal eta^e, which results In full
|| and complete ¦ return of strength and
1 1 \1e°r. j ¦ "'-". ''";-*
(I AND YOUU CAN PAT WHEN
I < ' II CURED. .
H . Z cure with unvarying suc-
I 1 cesi XtOtt i Manhood., Seminal
i I Weiknen, Spermatorrhoea,
I Varicocele, Diseases of the
y .Prostate I| Gland, Unnatural
j I X.osses, Stricture, Contagions
|| Blood Poison and all Diseases
1 1 Common tp Men.
t] * Consultation, advice and Interesting; f
jj pamphlet. "Ijlve All Your Life a Man," '.
f J all 1r+*. •*'!&«• at office or by mail.
|| .; Colored ij chart of the sexual '
|| org-ans Inn too.
U Eomt treatment is always |
n certain and satisfactory. r
I DROjaJOSlEN, |
Market end Kearny Sts.
fl I' '
B PriralB Eisf ranee, 702 Market Sfreef I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Every season has its own diseases, but Rhenma- \& \V// VJ^ 3
tism belongs to all, for when it gets well intrenched X^^^-S^^^^^W gfigj
in the system, and joints and muscles are saturated Y AJJ^^-/^& §5
with the poison, the aches and pains are coming and e J^7a<^*'**lh§!$0s^^^ f^^""'
going all the time, and it, becomes an all-the-year- jffi \Y$
round disease; an attack coming as quickly from sud- *y \
den chilling of the body when overheated, a fit of in- ?77 \
digestion or exposure to the damp. Easterly winds of C7| \ •^^^^4y»^|fcijl\Hr'
Summer as from the keen, cutting winds, freezing t^z^JJ^WL^X U nfu^^b"^^
atmosphere and bitter cold of Winter. 0 '^^^'
Rheumatism never comes by accident. It is in *^^^*^ < z!^*J>Q&**^^^'^z
the blood and system before a pain is felt. Some ""^^ "1 >^^ •
inherit a strong predisposition or tendency; it is born in them; but whether heredity is
back of it or it comes from imprudent and careless ways of living, it is the same always'
and at all seasons. The real cause of Rheumatism is a polluted, sour and acid condition
of the blood, and as it flows through the body deposits a gritty, irritating substance
or sediment in the joints and nerves, and it is these that produce the terri-
ble pains, inflammation and swelling and the misery and torture of Rheumatism. No>
other disease causes such pain, such wide-spread
suffering. It deforms _ and cripples its thousands, HIS WIFE A GREAT SUFFERER.
leaving them helpless invalids and nervous wfecks. My -wrifehad be<m troubled with Rheam*-
i When neglected or improperly treated, Rheuma- SS£frtTS£rjJ^& 1 SSSi <l JJ g»£ :
tism becomes chronic, the pains are wandering or p*«teiy, as she has not «uff«r«d since. I reo-
shifting from one place to another, sometimes sharp !£? a "^rrekder. i
and cutting, again dull and aggravating. The mus-
cles of the neck, shoulders and back, the joints of the knees, ankles* and wrists, are
most often the seat of pain. Countless liniments and plasters arc applied to get relief,
but such things do not reach the poisoned blood; their cftect is only temporary; they are
neither curative nor preventive. The blood must be purified, and all irritating matter re-
moved from the circulation before permanent relief and a thorough cure is effected, and no
remedy^ does this so certainly and so quickly as S. S. S. It contains not only purifying
»and tonic properties, but solvent qualities as well, all these being necessary in eradicating the
poison and making a complete and lasting cure of Rheumatism. S. S. S. cleauses the
• • : ' : L^r^^- ¦ _^_ v bloodof all irritating matter and the acid particles are
a^sH*^il J=S *^ dissolved and filtered out of the system, thus relieving
I C f CZ***^ the muscles an( * joints and removing all danger of future
\^^^W, attacks. Under its tonic effect the nervous system jre-
Mi Ifc^^^l gains its normal tone and the appetite and digestion im-
t * at^Jr |r^**^\/ prove, resulting in the upbuilding of the general health.
imi ii^ S. S. S. contains no Potash or minerals of any descrip-
• tipn, but is guaranteed purely vegetable. Old people
will find it not only the best blood purifier, but a most invigorating tonic — just such a remedy
as they need to enrich the blood and quicken the circulation.
Whether you have. Rheumatism in the acute or chronic stage, the treatment must be
internal, deep and thorough in order to be lasting. Never be satisfied with anything less
than an absolutely perfect cure. This you can get by the use of S. S. S., the Oldest
and best purifier and greatest of all tonics.
. Write us fully and freely about your case, and medical advice will be given without
charge, and our special book on Rheumatism will be mailed free to all desiring it.
V THE SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY, ATLANTA, GA.The Beggar Gave Credit.
Chekib Bey. the Turkish Minister to
Washington, attended in Philadelphia the
recent launching of the Turkish warship
Medjidia at the Cramps'- shipyard. ,
During the luncheon following the
launch Chekib Bey animadverted for a
moment on the beggars of Philadelphia,
"You have here," he *ld, "an enter
prising and intelligent cSllecton of beg
gars One of them approached me this
morning. ) He "told a moving tale of mis
fortune ; then he asked me for a little
money. . "".'*¦, _ ,
"f. put my hand in my pocket to find
th/t I* was altogether out of change.
" 'My man,' I said, 'I have nothing for
you now, but in an hour I shall be pass
ing this way again. Then I promise you,
you shall get something from me."
" 'All right, sir,' said the beggar; 'but
all the same,' he added fretfully, 'you
wouldn't believe the amount of credit I
give in this way.' "—New York Tribune.
Colonel Thomas "Wilhelm, inspector gen
eral of rifle practice, supervised the con
test and he was assisted by Captain John
Zlttlnger of Company G, Second Infantry,
of this city as ranee officer.
Sergeant F. J. .Povey of Battery B,
First Artillery, of San Francisco, won
the first medal in the rifle shooting by
making the highest score, 70 out of a pos
sible 75. Second Lieutenant L. K. Brown
of Company G, Seventh Infantry, won
the second medal In the rifle shooting by
a score of 66. He "Creedmoored" a num
ber of other guardsmen who made the
same number of points.
In the pistol shooting three of the com
petitors made the possible 50 points each.
They shot off the tie with the following
result- First Lieutenant F. Winham,
Troop C (cavalry), 48; Trumpeter J. W.
Bubar. Troop C (cavalry). 46: Private W.
Landgraff,- Troop B (cavalry), 44. Win
ham was awarded the first medal and
Bubar the second medal.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 12.— There was a
large attendance of National Guardsmen
at the State rifle and pistol champion
ship shoot near this city to-day. The
weather was favorable for good shoot-
Ing and a number of good scores were
made with rifle and piftol.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
State Soldiers Compete
for Rifl,e and Pistol
Honors.
GUARDSMEN RIP
THE BULLSEYES
NEW TORK, Sept. 12.— Cliarlea Hubert
of the New York Athletic Club, at the
country home of the New York Athletic
Club at Traverse Island, yesterday made
two American swimming records. He
f warn £50 yards in 8:151-5. the old record
bpins 8:41 3-5. held by E. S. Schaeffer, and
he also made a record for 770 yards, swim
ming the distance in 11:44 3-5. The former
record of 11:51% was also held by Schaef
fer.
Breaks Swimming Records.
Stolen bases— Casey. Mclaughlin. Townsend.
Doyle Graham Blake. Errors — Xadeau, El
sey Butler. Three-base hits— Francis. Hilde
bra*n<J Townsend. Two-base hits— Doyle (2).
Hollingsworth. Sheehan. VanBuren. Sacrifice
hit— McLaughlln. First base on errors—Sac
ramento ,2. First base, on called balls— Off
Brown 1 off Butler 2, Left on bases— Sacra
mento 8,' Portland 9. Struck out— By Brown
1 by Butler 5. Hit by pitcher — Nadeau. Wild
SUMMARY.
Sacramento 1 0 0 0 3 17 1 0—13
Ease hits 2 1113 2 7 2 2—21
Portlan.l O 2 O O 0 1 1 0 1—5
Base hits ...V..0 2 O 0 0 3 3 1 3—12
Totals 45 13V21 27 10* Totals 39 5 12 27 13
RUNS AND HITS BY- INNINGS.
Sacramento — 1 Portland —
AB. R. H. P. A! AB. R. H. P. A.
Casey 2b C 2 3 1 5 Blakr.rf. 4 0 110
Hildbd.lf C 2 6 4 O VHurn.cf 5 12 3 2
McLgn.rf 5 12 10 Nadeu.lf 4 0 13 0
Eagan.s. 5 2 115 Francs,3b 5 13 3 1
Twnsd lb 5 1 3 12 0 Hlgswh.s 5 12 1 3
Shehn.Sb 5 110 2iElsey,lb. 4 0 v 0 4 3
Doyle.cf 5 2 3 6 0Raidy.2b. 4 0 14 1
Craham.c 3 2 2 2 OHess.c... 4 116 3
Brown.p 5 0 0 0 O.Butler.p. 4 112 0
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 12.— The Senators
beat the season's record in slugging the ball
to-day, making 21 safe hits off the delivery of
Butler the National Leaguer. The chief bat
ting rally came In the seventh inning, when
s^even hits were made and seven runs scored.
Brown, who twirled for the Sacramento team,
pUchrd a good, steady game. Score:
Senators Have a Batting Streak and
Pitcher Butler Suffers.
•MAKE TWENTY-ONE HITS.
r. ii. n
Cleveland ». 4 6 1
Detroit 0 6 3
Batteries— Donahue and Abbott; Kit t on ana
McGuire. I
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 12.— SudhoS shut Chicago
out thl» afternoon. The feature was a bril
liant catch by Heldrick in the first Inning. At
tendance, 2S00. Score:
a. h. e.
Ft. Louis . 11 1« 3
Chicago 0 6 2
Batteries— Sudhoft and Sugden; Flaherty and
Flatter}'.
Second fixe —
First came— R. H. E.
Oeveland .16 1
!><?trolt 2 3^2-
Batteries — Stovall and Bemis; Donovan and
liuclow.
Of-veland. In the first game Detroit did not
make a hit off Stovall until the eighth, but in
ih«? ninth they took the lead on a base on
ball« and Crawford's triple. Attendance, 7C0O.
Score :
R. H. E.
Washington * .1 7 6
Philadelphia!. 5 10 1
Batteries— "Wilson and Klttredge; Bender and
Fchrtck.
CLEVELAXD. Sept. 12. — The local baseball
Fusion ended to-day with two victories for
luskey and Bcville.
WASHINGTON. 9*>pt. 12. — Philadelphia con
r.ected freely with Wilson 1 * delivery and. to
gether with *U mieplays, three of which Rob
ineon contributfJ. lost the fame to-day for
Washington. v Attendance, 14S0. Score: I
I'Htsburjr Ij 6 "¦> ?;
ITiiia'JcSpbla .jjjJ 5 9 1
Batteries— PfcSSlirpi "rid Phelp*; Fra^er and
Hotb. Cnsgt rcr-iO" Day.
ClSCl'S'SATll Sept. 12. — Cincinnati won
• Efilv fr<"m JiOKtnn by timely hitting. Attend
anc«;27*, Score: § p "^ , £
Cincinnati ....* s H :i
Boston -jij. 5 S 4
Batteries — Pool* and Peitz; Wilils and Mo
rRn. L'mrire — ?* ur£t -
CHICAGO. Src>t. 12. — The locals had plenty
of char.ee* to lain to-day's game, but foolish
baee-running and costly errors threw the game
•o Brooklyn. <*hleago cutbatted their oppo
nents, but ReJfiy held th^m safe when hits
would score. Attendance, Ji'JCO. Score:
R. H. E.
•hicapo 5 13 2
Brooklyn ~ 11 • 2
Batteries — Wicker and Kllng: Reldy .and
Jacklitech. Umpire* — Moran and Emslie.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
BOSTON, Sept. 12. — Deering was easy for
the locals to-ftay and the Collins team found
no trouble in winning. Attendance. 814G. Score:
R. H. E.
Botton 10 13 0
New York 19 0
Batteries — Kus-hes and Crlger; Deering, Za-
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
HT. LOUIS, fitf*- !-• — Farrell's playinc In
the field cave t^e Scv: Ycrks to-day's game
after ted innir.gsi.; Farrell's error allowed the
visitor* to ta!l}-j their winning run. Attend
. :¦. <¦. lioO. Score:
R. H. E.
S: Lout* I 3 12 1
N..v Vc-rk II 4 10 *
KattPrles — Hacikett and Ryan; Matthewson
: nd Warner. Ujnrlre — JoVir.stone.
PITTSBtTBCl jBept. 12. — Pltteburs won in the
icveiltb Inning on ihre* bases on b\l!s. Clarkeis
•.hre<?-t-£REtr and Leach's single. Pittsburg
•liade four errcrs In the eighth. Attendance,
tsso - Score: n. h. e.
Ten-Inning Contest at St. Louis
Is Lost by the Local
I Team.
FAEBELL'S IEEOE GIVES
THE GAME TO NEW YORK
Special D>patch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 12.— The New Century
stakes, a handicap sweepstakes for two
year-olds, was the feature of Delmar's
Saturday programme of seven events.
Next to" the stake the second race, a
purse event for two-year-olds, was the
most Interesting. Old Stone carried a
bulk of public money to defeat. The
weather was clear, the track heavy and
lumpy. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs : selling:
{letting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
h to 1— Aline S, »5 (Gullott) 5 1 In
13 to &— Blrdslayer, J«4 (Calvit).... 6 6 •-», 2
10 to 1— Crime, Ufe (Boyd) 8 4 8 Ii
Time, 1-.24V2- "tart good. Won driving.
Winner, J. A. Abeinathy's b. m. by Saxopia-
Susle F. Donna Bella 101, Badger 10O. San,
Luticn 106, Called Hack OS. Creeslda 80, Model'
Monarch 100, A Truant U4, Goudy 89, Cather
ine Knox £3, also ran.
SECOND RACE— Six furlonzs; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Joottey. St.' % Fin.
6 to 1 — Wenrick, 11A> (C. Miller;.. 2 4 14
12 to 3 — Ben Adkins. 104 (Mahon). 1121
Even — Old Stone. 110 (Pheehan). :! 1} 3 :{
Time, 1:24 Vi- Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, A. F. Dayton & Co.'a ch. c. by Pirate of
Penzance-Celestin. Matt Wadlelsrh 07, also
ran.
THIRD RACE— Mile; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. $; Fin.
5 to 1— Lynch. 1<X> (Perkins) 12 16
3 to 1— Our Lady, li>5 (Castro)... 4 5 26
15 to 1— Whitmore. 1CK» (Uvgston) 8 4 3 !i
Time, ' l:53ii. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J. C. Cahn's b. %. by Inspector B-
I.a Danseuse. Exapo i>0. Scotch Snuff 1)5,
Duke Uashaway »«. Peter Duryea 108, Daddy
Bender 83, Tlckful 105, Little Henry II 100.
also ran.
— — —
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; New Cen
tury handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. 9i Fin.
5 to 1 — Baggarly, 90 <Shea> 2 1 1 %
Even —Bugler, »C (D. Austin) 3 2 2 1
6 to 5 — Brancas. 114 (J. Sheehan). 4 3-3 10
Time 1:23. Start good. Won handily. Win
ner, B. Schrieber's br. c. by Saln-Parole. Don
O'Hlgh 92. also ran.
FIFTH RACE"; — Mile and seventy yards;
selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Fon Spray, 101 (C. Miller). 6 1 1 \\< t
3 to 1— El Caney, 104 (Sheehan).. 1 2 2 12
5 to 1— Goo Goo. 91 (McKinney).. 8 6 3 1^
Time, 1:56. Start good. Won easily. Winner,
C. A. Haberl*tn's ch. g. ty Fon Tom-Oak
Spray. Chickasha 8tt, Pay the Fiddler 90,
D'Arcy 02, Faquita 101, Frisco Ben 99, Lord
Roberts 96, Georxe Lewis 8(5, also ran.
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs: selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1 — Gus Lanka, 103 (Brknuth) 3 3 11""
10 to 1 — Sid Silver, 100 (Sayers)... 1 1 2 h
Even — Echodale, 109 (Howell)... 2 4 1! 15
Time, lt2Xhi. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, G. Lanka's b. g. by Huron-Lone
Princess. Requisition 95, Zirl 103, Burgoyne
100, Stub 92. Evening News 91, Glen Learning
100, also ran.
SEVENTH RACE — Mile and seventy yards;
felling:
Betting. Horse, 'Weight, Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
10 to 1— L. Clieveden. 1)6 (Austin) 4 1 1 l'J
15 to 1— Eliza Dillon. 96 (Shea)... 12 28
5 to 1— Baronet, 101 (F. Smith).. 2 4 3 20
Time, l:55^i. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, C. Scbawacker's ch. m. by Clieveden-
MIrs Lou. Welsh Girl 107, Russellton 107,
Brown Vail 06, Class Leader 94, Little Lois
09, also ran.
British Accuracy in Firing
The wonderful target practice of the
British navy, 49 per cent hits (which has
since been beaten two points by our At
lantic squadron in its' quarterly practice).
Is said to be largely creditable to a me
chanical contrivance Invented by Captain
Scott of the English navy, called a "dot
ter," by which a small paper targ«;t
drawn to a scale, is caused* to move in
front of a gun with a combined vertical
and horizontal movement. While the tar
get Is In motion the gun pointer endeavors
to train the gun so as to keep the cross
wires of his telescope on the target;
Whenever the cross wires are "on" an
electric connection causes a pencil to
make a dot on the target, the dot repre
senting a real shot on a real target at'1000
yards. Thus the men are accustomed to
train the guns under the disturbing con
ditions of a ship in a seaway.
Ethereal Vibrations.
The effect of movements in the ether de
pends upon the rapidity of the vibrations
producing them. The unit of measure
ment for short waves in the ether Is the
blcron, which is about 1-25,003,00'Jth of an
Inch. Waves measuring 3S0 to 810 bicrons
affect our sense of sight, the formar num
ber giving violet and the latter red color.
The invisible rays— to which the actinic
and Roentgen rays belong— are shorter
and have been measured as short as 100
bicrons. Ether waves longer than those
giving light give the feeling of warmth.
The longest heat waves are eight times
the length of those of the red rays, or
l-350th of an inch. At the other end of the
scale are- electric waves above 150 feet <n
length — those used by Marconi being one
eighth of a mile.
"Caue Horse Sickness."
"Cape horse sickness" Is a disease
which resembles human malaria. It es
pecially attacks horses that are left to
graze all night in marshy regions. Dr.
PHchford found that horses stalled by
night in stables protected by wire gauze
remained perfectly well, and therefore
concluded that mosquitoes are responsi
ble for the disease.
0 ¦ I .. I .. I .. I .. : .. I . M .. I , I .. I ., : . H .^ H .^^ H .^
pitches — Brown 1. Butler 1. Time, of grame —
1:45. Umplre^ — O'Connell.
Ross Jofns the Banks of the Angels,
Who Are Injured.
LISTLESS GAME FOR UNCLE.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 12. — San Francisco
won another dull, listless game from the crip
pled leaders to-day by the score of 8 to 4.
Iberg was batted about as hard as Hall, but
Me local twlrler was wild. Both teams made
a bunch of bad errors. Ross is the latest of
the Angels to succumb to the prevailing epi
demic of. lameness. Attendance. 2000. i Score:
Los Angeles — San Francises —
AB. R. H.T. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Hoy, cf.. 3 0 0 2 2 Lynch, If 3 2 t 3 0
Whelr,2b 4 12 2 2 Meany.cf 2 0 12 0
Smith.Sb 4 1 2 1 :! Irwln. 3b. 3 2 10 3
Spies, lb 5 0 1 10 0 Leahy.lb 5 1 3 11 0
Crvth. rf 6 1 1 2 0 Zearfs, c 5 12 5 1
• 'orbet.lf 4 1 13 0 Krugr, s.. 5 1 2 0 2
Toman, s 4 0 1 0 2 Delms,2b 4 0 0 4 2
Hurlbt, c 4 0,2 6 0Lndsy,rf3 1 1 2 0
Hall, p.. 4 0 0 0 2 lberg, p. 3 0 0 0 4
Totals. 3" 4 10*26 111 Totals.33 8 11 i\ 12
•Zearfoss out: bunted third strike.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco.. ..3 100*011 0 2—8
\ Base hILj 3 0 10 0 12 1 3—12
Los Angeles 0 I 0 0 0 0 0 12—4
Base hits.. 0 1 0 10 2 2 1 3—10
SUMMARY.
Stolen base* — Smith, Cravath. Corbett, To
man, Leahy, Zearfoss (2). Errors— Corbett,
Toman (2). Hurlburt, Krug (2). Delmas.
Three-baM hit— Smith. Two-base hits— Kru,j
(2), Cravath, Spies. Sacrifice hits — Wheeler.
Meany. Irwln. First base on errors — Los An
geles 2, San Francisco 2. First base on called
balls — Off Hall «. oft lberg K Struck out —
/By Hal! 2, by Iberg 2. Left on banes — Los
Angeles 10, San Francisco 8. Hit by pitcher —
rvirh»u. liny. Umxjire— McDonald.
The rlnke in Golden Gate Paxk present
ed a lively appearance yesterday after
noon when the concluding matches in the
first round of the Scottish bowling tour
nament were played. • i
The closest and most exciting . match
waa that between John McGllvray and
Andrew Wood. The game seesawed and
the outcome was In doubt until the last
"end" had been played. The score in
favor of McGllvray was 21-20.
James Hutchinson waa In fine form and
easily outbowled John T. Dare. The score
was 21-7.
Of the eleven matches scheduled for
yesterday five were actually played, five
won byes and one went by default. Fol
lowing: are the results of yesterday's
play: John Read beat James Mearns, Si
ll ; John McGllvray beat Andrew Wood,
21-20; James Hutchinson beat John Dare,
21-7; J. M. Earsman beat R. R. l'Hom
medleu, 21-9: T. G. Aitken beat James
Rolph Jr.. 21-8: J. Elders vs. J. B. Lost,
default; D. L. Dunn won a bye over W.
H. Stewart, M. L. Crowe won a bye over
J. D. Robertson, Robert Park won a bye
over C. Hamilton, John McLaren won a.
bye over the Rev. W. K. Guthrle. /
THE BOTHERSOMETCESS OF
TOO MUCH ADIPOSE
Humorous Instances of the, Incon
v venience of Being Too
Dr. SImonton is very keen on advancing
in his profession; the healing art has no
more zelaous devotee. Alas for his ambi
tion, he quite neglected the regimen of
the late Mr. Banting, so that when he
applied for the post of assistant surgeon
on board one of the ships of the United
States navy the committee of selection
politely rejected him on the ground that
he was too etout to get through the
hatchways.
Two years since the guardians ,of Pet
worth, near Ashford, were obliged to re
fuse admittance to a female pauper in
consequence of her excessive corpulence.
Firstly, because they had no clothes large
enough to fit her massive per^pn; sec
ondly, because she could not walk up
stairs, and by reason of her abnormal
avoirdupois the \ workhouse officials were
unable to lift her from the ground.
At the time when an Ohio damsel be
came engaged to the man of her choice
she weighed, but ten stone — a moderate
weight that 'reached the alarming figure
of twenty-two stone. This was too much
for her fiance, who promptly cried off,
enly to find himself sued for breach of
promise, the deserted lady declaring that
as her excessive weight — an insuperable
bar to other offers— had accumulated dur
ing their engagement, her lover had, by
unduly prolonging his courtship, been
guilty of contributory negligence.
While strolling through a French_falr
Lablache, the celebrated singer, a man of
enormous proportions, was accosted by an
Irate showman, who, with much indig
nant gesticulation, inquired what was the
use of exhibiting a "fat man" when the
public could see one much bigger for
nothing. It was taking the bread out of
an honest man's mouth— that it was!
Tickled with the humor of the situation
Lablache gave the man a handsome gra
tuity and laughingly promised to quit the
fair ground forthwith.
On another occasion, when leaving Co
vent Theater after rehearsal, the same
singer found that his carriage had not ar
rived. A fourwheeler was therefore
hailed, into which, with some difficulty,
Lablache hoisted himself poised on the
edge of the jmaller seat. To change his
position was necessary, but as he rose
to' do so the 'floor of the vehicle, con
structed only to bear normal weight, gave
way with a crash, and the celebrated ar
tfst found himself standing In the road.
From this awkward position he was,
amid the laughter of the onlookers and
the objurgations of cabby extricated with
no little difficulty.— Tit-Bits.
Women Worth Millions.
In connection with the appearance of
Senora Alvarado of Mexico as one of the
richest, if not the very richest, women
In the world, the following lfet of some
of the Mexican multimillionaires' com
panions in great wealth Is Interesting.
The amounts are estimated, but are be
lieved to be approximately correct:
Senora Alvarado, $100,000,000.
Miss Krupp of Essen. $70,000,000.
Miss Hetty Green, SM.OOO.OOO.
Daughter of Baron Hirsch. $35,000,000.
Duchess of Hamilton, $35,000,000. i
Mrs. William Astor, $30,000,000.
Baroness Burdett-Coutts, $30,000,000
Mrs. Elliott F. Shepard, $30,000,000.
Mrs. J. W. Mackay. $20,000,000.
Miss Helen M. Gould, $20,000,000.
Miss Martha T. Flske. $12,500,000. , "
Miss May Goelet, $12,500,000.
Mrs. Alex Van Ennslaer, $12,000,000.
This is by no means a complete list, of
the world's very rich women, but It con
tains the names of some of the richest
and most noted.— Baltimore Herald, i
Oakland — . ' Seattle —
AB. R. H. P.A.: A.B. R. H. P.A.
O'Har.cf 4 O O 4 0 Mohlr.2b 5 0 0 2 4
Frncks.s 4 O O - 2 2 Sraith.rt . 4 0 2 2 1
IVver.rib 3 0 O O IBrash.lb 4 1 0 11 2
Schwr.2b 3 0 13 3 ZinsEr.lf. 4 1 2 0 O
Murdk.rf 3 0 0 3 2 Jansin.3b 3 2 110
Messer.lb 2 1 1 10 OAndrs.cf. 5 1 3 3 0
Gorton, c. 2 10 4 2 MeCart.s 3 10 4 4
""Krugrer.lf 3 0 10 OByers.c. 4 1.-2 3 1
Orahm.p. 10 0 0 2 Hughe»,p 4 0 110
Moskn.rjb 2011 Oi
Lehman. 1 0 1.0 0^ Totals 36 7 11 27 12
Totals 28 2 6 27 12 :
Lehman batted for Devereaux in ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle 0 0 0 4 0 0 0 O 3 — 7
Base hits 0 113 0 0 11 4— U
Oakland 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 O 0 — 2
Base hits 0 1 0 1 0 0 1 1 1—5
i SUMMARY.
Hits — o\ Graham 5. oft Devereaux 6. Stolen
l.ptf., — Hughes <2). Smith. Janslng-, Gorton. Er
rors; — o'Hara, Smith, Brashear, Murdock, Dev
ereaux, Francks, Byers, Janslng;. Two-base
hits — Hughes. Zinssar, Andrews. Sacrifice hit
McCarthy. First base on errors — Oakland 2:
Seattle 8. First base on called balls — Off Gra
ham 3; Devereaux 2; Hughes 2. Left on bases
— Oakland 2. Seattle 10. Struck out— By Dever
eaux ."".; by Hughes 3. Hit by pitcher— Janslng.
Double play*— Murdock to Gorton (2); McCar
thy to Brashtar; Schwartz to Messerly; Mohler
to Bra*hear <2). Wild pitch — Graham. Balk —
Devereaux. Time of game — 1 hour CO minutes.
Umpire — Levy. V
Seattle got Its gdod start in the fourth
inning, when they began to take a few
rides on the offerings of Graham. Then
the latter 1 s supporters went skywar*. and
ere they regained their composure four of
the Northerners were over the rubber and
the game was practically theirs.
Bill Devereaux got into a mix-up with
Byers in this inning. Murdock dropped an
easy fly from Mohler's bat and McCar
thy, who was on third, scored. Byers
was anchored at second and started "for
third. Murdock recovered the ball and
made a good throw to Devereaux, but the
brindle one let it pass him.
Byers started for the plate and Dev
ereaux deliberately jumped on his back
and tried to hold him. They came near
mixing it. When they were finally sepa
rated Levy allowed the massive backstop
to go home. From that time on the
crowd on the bleachers took turns hissing
and cherrinc the two players. Byers
came off with all the honors at this game.
When Graham got his beating in the
foTirth inning he was relieved and Dev
ereaux trotted out on the slab. He was
the master of the situation for a few
rounds. "Th*»n the Seattleites began to
Slve him a beating in the ninth and they
•acidPd three more tallies to their list.
Murdock made two wonderful throws
from the * right garden. He caught
Hughes at the rubber in each instance.
The first happened in the third round,
when Hughes got a double and went to
third on an out. Then Mohler hit a long
fly to right and Hughes started for the
plate as soon as it was caught. Murdock
returned the sphere with lightning speed
and just caught the runner a few Inches
from the pan. In the sixth inning he re
peated the trick in the same manner,
making 1 an almost impossible play in this
instance, as Hughes seemed to have the
ball beaten by several lengths. The
score :
The Cripples had It passed out to them
yesterday afternoon at Recreation Park
after winning a bunch from the northern
twinWer?. As usual it was a badly
played game, hut peculiar in its way.
There were enougrh double plays executed
to make It look grood on paper, but that
Is the only place It did look at all present
able. Score. Seattle 7, OaklanO 2.
Jay Hushes was in the points for the
visitors and It was his work alone that
made the game worth viewing. The big
fellow was there all the time and pitched
a magnificent game. Were It not for the
miserable backing up he got in the second
round the Cripples would have been
blanked. They only reached him five
times and all these hits were scattered
along the line.
(Pacific Coast Lrasue.)
„ W. U Pet.] W. L. Pet.
L*w A.n*eles.92 M .fCS Portland ...64 76 .45S
Saa Fran...St CS .CviC Oakland ....68 01 .42J
Sacramento.. 75 72 MSi Seattle 60 S2 AZ3
STAxmxa of thb-clubp.
The suggestion that an official number
to be used in all club and interclub regat
tas be assigned to each yacht was ap
proved.
Votes of thanks were passed to J. M.
Macdonough. j donor of the Macdonough
trophies, and to Herbert E. Law, giver
of the l^aw cup.
The trophy committee will be notified
lO add the value of the cup for the twen
iv-five foot class, in which there "was no
race, to the trophies awarded in the other
classes. .
The report of Rollo Smith, judge oa the
windward stakeboat. that the yawl Roy
al fouled the starboard stay of the stake
boat and that the^ sloop Aeolus fouled the
main eheet of the sloop Truant was ac
cepted. V
It was decided that if a halyard block
Is dropped frcm a. pennant the perpendic
ular b« measured from the point from
which the pennant is dropped.
A protest from Carl "Westerfeld that ail
the yachts in the thirty-foot class be dis
qualified for non-compliance with the rule
requiring that cabin floors, galley fixtures
ard fittings be retained, and a service
able anchor and rope be carried on board
Then a yacht is i orSclally measured, was
Dot allowed.
The regatta. oararnlUee of tha Paclflo
Icterc^ub Yacht Association held a. meet
is* at the Merchants' Exchange on Fri
riay evening, at wihich most of the dele
gates from the various clubs on the bay
were cresent. S. illdfiJaaias of the Cor
inthian Tacht Club acted as chairman.
Tii« following yachts were declared wtn
r.ers lc thp Admission day regatta: Twen
ty-foot special class, Ruby first, KUU
v.ako second; thlr<j-foot class. Challenger
first. Helen second; thirty-six foot class.
Harpoon first, Edna second; forty-four
foot class, Speedwell first. Xixle second.
Heavily Backed Old Stone
Fails to Annex, a
Purse.
Concluding Matohes Played
in First Round of Tour
' nament. >
Committee Decides Against
a Special Race for
25-Fcoters.
Baggerly Wins the New
Century Hapdicap at
Delmar.
Prizewinners in the Va
rious Classes Are
Announced.
Followers of Scottish
Pastime Out in
Force.
Devereaux and Byers Engage
ih. a Lively M : x-Up at
Third Base.
Bad Errors^ Save Pete's
Followers Prom a
Shutout.
REGATTA MATTERS
ARE ADJUSTED
HUGHES FOOLS
THE CRIPPLES
TWD-YEAR-OLDS
IN STAR EVENTS
PARK BOWLERS
IN MATCH GAMES
BASEBALL, BOWLING, YACHTING
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER A 3, 1903.
39
ADVEBTISEMENT&
EN, WAKE UP!
Is Your Back Weak? Have You /Dragging Pains?
Are You Easily Tired? Have You Rheumatism?
|j8jj§pi \ AA " Have you "come and go" pains in your back and
1S ¦ t^ e k est wa y to use Electricity. It pours a gentle
Ina^^^©^^ stream of life into the weakened parts continually
\!il <^* for hours every night. It refreshes the nerves, ex-
Kr. Harvey E.Olark, BokerBflelA, CaX., Bays: "Your Belt * Mr. F. W. Blmok, Tncsoa, A. T., says: "Tour Belt ha*
has cured my lumbago and vital weakness." ' cured me of lumbago and greatly Improved my general
Mr. J. F. Johnson, Wooley, Waih., wrltei: "I suffered for health. I gladly recommend It to all sufferers."
three years with kidney and stomach trouble and rheuma- Mr. John B. St7iii Prtaluma, CaL, says: "Two months'
tlsm, but your Belt cured me in less than a month, and I use of the Belt has restored me to perfect health; am gain-
feel better than I have for years." Ins in flesh and strength daily."
I am receiving'such letters* ever day; they come from everywhere. There is not a town or ham-
let in the, country which has not cures by Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt.
If you are not what you ought to be, can you ask any better proof to make you try it? Is there
a remedy which is as simple, as easy to use, as sure to cure and as cheap as Dr. McLaughlin's Electric
Belt? I have not seen one. You must try it. In justice to yourself, and to those who look to you
for their future happiness, try it now. Act this minute. Such a matter ough*t not to be delayed.
It's as good for women as for men. , Worn while you sleep, it causes no trouble. You feel the
gentle, glowing heat from it constantly, but no sting, no burning, as in old-style belts.
Call to-day, or send for my beautiful book, full of the things a man likes to read if he wants to
be a strong man. I send it sealed free. Inclose* this ad.
DR. M. C. MCLAUGHLIN, 906 Market St., ML
"(:¦ . OFFICE HOURS— 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays, 10 to I.
JLDVEBTISEME2TTS. o>
rtone equal r S
lii^Marouetteii 1
Should be upon the^^^^ 1
I buffet of every y^chtffl^K|.
i in California waters. It|P^ra I
is the ideal drink for^^^i
f the sportsman, as it is I
most carefully distilled and |
blended, having the quality of I
I exquisite softness and smooth- I
ness* I
Marqucttc Whiskey has built
| up a reputation among the lovers ii
of sport in the East and is a \\
familiar word in every clubhouse I
I and on every yachts Western rl
! men are giving it a worthy wel- j]
i come, I
\ & ULLRICH; Distfllers, CHICAGO, ILL. 1
W. J. KEARNEY, Representative, 401 Battery St., San Francisco. 1
I Telephone /Vlatn . 536. I
Weekly Call, $1.00 per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' ..'.../.-„...
[striking ™^|
IS in STRIKING BAGS and GLOVES I
FOOTBALLS, GUARDS and SUITS . I
all ATHLETIC SUPPLIES 1
TENNIS RACKETS and BALLS |
\3\ Y X-J\ A LI\O TRACK >SUITS 1
Bath Robes and Towels A^£/Y|V 4 '¦ i
U Open Saturdays till 10. 00 P. M. 60 Geary St., San Francisco iA German named Sporry has published
a book of nearly two hundred pages, with
one hundred illustrations, showtng th«
varied uses made of bamboo in Japan.
Lady Cecilia Roberts reports that there
are now 217 branch temDeranc'e societies
en British warships. She asserts 'that It
Ik easy to make soldiers give up strong
drink if they have cood food.
11. Fremiet. the French sculptor, has
received a commission for a monument,
to be erected In Paris, In memory nt the
pigeons which carried messages during
the siege. At its commencement the in
stitution of the pigeon post was of marked
service, and thousands of letters and dis
patches were sent out from Paris by this
means.
AT VICHY SPRINGS: From San Fran
ciscor-Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Collins, Mist Collins
ST. O. Kane, W. A. Douglass, M^s. M. I*
AT SEIGLER SPRINOS: From San Fran
cisco — Miss G. Prat. Eugene J. Burns. F
Frederick, MUs E. Winters. Mlsa K. McGow
an. Miss H. McGowan, Peter McGowan.
Charles L. Glller, Ike Springer, Mrs. R. c.
Mattlson, Charles Geggus, Frank Foley, J. E.
Devlin, M. Freedman. GeorKe 8. Dunn, Mrs
J. F. Dunn. Mra. J. Dunn. Miss Rose Arm
strong,'J. G. Mortza and wife, William Arm
strong,' Miss K. Nolan, Miss A. G. Sheridan
Alexander It. Imbrle, Andrew Jackson and
wife. Arthur A. Lotto, Dr. A. F. Lotus. Miss
A. E. Erlckson. Harry Wurd. Dr. M. J. Judell
Fred Hall. Charles Wlnkler, Dr. R_ <yConneU
and wife. Oakland — L,. . A. Mitchell, c A.
Mitchell, C. A. Clark, D. Oaunce. Mrs. R*. X.
Gaunce.
AT PARAISO SPRINGS: From San Fran
cisco — Teresla Johnson. Lillian Dayfleld, J. £.
Breen. E. S. Hueter. Mrs. E. Hueter, Mlsa
Hueter. Miss Brune. Mrs. Hahn, £. Wallach,
Fred Ouhret. Mrs. F. P. Hansom. A. N. Blow,
Mrs. F. Hanson, E. F. Armstrong, John Boyd
and wife, Mrs. H. Lucke and child. Miss T.
Gorman, A. F. McQuade. Fred A. Tllton, Eu
geno Gorman, Owen Gorman, Joseph Hahn, O.
A. Ostrom, F. J. Ostrom. San Jose — George
A. Steiger. Alameda — J. J.' Tompkinson.
Fresno— Mrs. \V. W. VVyatt. Chualar — Peter
Uoysen, C. Boysen. Watsonvllle — J. K. Car-
Iln. M. R. Perelra, Julius Younr. Monterey —
Mr«. Charles White, Mrs. R. Chambre, Mrs.
8. ShanCele. Oakland— J. Seulberger. W. H. J.
Mathews. Santa Cruz— Joe Nolan, D. P. Cou
ran. 8. J. Strasg. Salinas— James Taylor and
wife, lion — Mm. 8. N. Laughlln. Mill Val
ley — Miss A. Hlnz. Chicago — Mlsa Agnes
Leahy. Charles O. Collins.
AT AETNA SPRINGS: From 8an Francisco
— T. II. B. Varney and wife. Miss Eva Var
ney. Miss Maud Varney, Walter T. Varney,
A. N. Splero. A. H. Fotter and wife. F. O.
Gellnas, Wlllard N. Drown and wife. Mrs.
Len Owens, George B. Thomas and 'wife, Dan
Jones. Berkeley — Frederick Russ. Piedmont —
Isaac L. Requa, Misses Amy and Sallie Long.
Napa— A. It. Voorr.ees. Oakland— N, B. King.
San Rafael— Robert H. Renebone.
AT BARTLETT SPRINGS: From Ran
Francisco — U A. Levy. J. E. Mullen, Ed Lo
zlnsky, Mick Neary, J. Howe]], R. W. Mc-
Murray, Mike Casserly. G«ne Casserly, M. W.
Brady, R. J. Welch, E. Alklns, Bessie Gar
dener, W. G. Houston, Mrs. H. Dutard, Ira
G. Betts and wife. A. V. Callazh&n. A. B.
Christensen, F. J. Devlin, John Kenney and
wife, B. Edson. Mrs. A. B. Hammond. Oak
land — R. E. Shurk, D. Knobbe and wife, M.
Q. Miller, C. Flathma'*o. Los Angeles — K." .'
Hosby shell and wife, Z. D. Mathuss and wlu
Monterey — A. Artot. New Town — Miss Irene
Henderson. Birds Landing— M. Callaghan and
wife, Miss Callaghan. Needles— J. H. West
Butte City— Pi H. Vancleaf. Pinole— M. O
Afonso, Manwell Nunas. Tonopah, Nev Ed
K. Jones. Stockton — T. J. Corcoran, John
Carroll. Kureka — II. II. Jackson. Moores
Flab — Tony Buck.
AT THE RESORTS.
There were Ftiftches of roadbed over
which the construction train moved at a
rate of ISO feet an hour. The machine
VtDixei tva« cm> which differs In many
essentials from that which has been used
«is cl the Missirslppi River. One of
the most Interesting features is the man
ner in which the material Is delivered to
the roadbed, and the comparatively few
men required for the different operations,
me the tfrs and rails are lifted and moved
from the cars on which they are carried
to the roadbed, being connected and
sria.^d while the train is In motion.
An endless chain carrier puts the ties
in position, uMle a crane suspended upon
a Etec 1 . truss !>iwers the rails in advance
of the construction train. In this manner
the ctij?li)«-ci's in charge of the road hope
ti run into Clnci-'nati many weeks earlier
than they could otherwise have done.
The vork done upon the Cincinnatf,
Richmond and Muncie road demonstrated
that a force of lorty competent men were
nil tliat ;-*-cre i<t|i'ir»d to operate the mi
chine to Its fullest capacity, and that
wh^n renditions \\cr? favorable over tbree
miles ';f track in a day of ten hours could
be r"t down without difficulty, while an
«\<*raj:r 1 1 eve- two and one-half miles
could b« refolded. The gearing on which
t!.» mutCTiil Is conveyed from the plat
form through the machine can be oper
ated at the same rate of speed at which
t!.o trjtii ir nif.vfJ, or its speed '1:11 be
doublr-d. The weir hi of the rails h'a.tdied
Include the heaviest used for standard-
Euug*; cotiiJroctiori, some of them aver
aciins: 4'jO tors to the mile— New York
C<;irini<.rfiHl.
This track-laying machine automatically
end accurately lifts the ties and rails into
po.-ltion, the most drudging labor in all
railroad construction. It also furnishes
the motive power for its own construction
tram.
This piea» of mechanism is the invention
cl a man named Hurley, who has spent all
of the paSv ten years in perfecting it; be
sides expending thousands upon thousands
of dollars on models, and so forth, before
success crowned his efforts. The machine
weighs about fifty tons, and was made in
Scranton, Pa. It is the only one of Its
kind in existence.
At the rate of three and a half miles a
<Jay a mos' peculiar machine Is now en
gaged In laying the tracks of the Cincin
nati. Richmond and Muncie Railroad.
It is calculated that if the right kind of
trees can be made to crow, on the in
vestment of a small sum, the State in 30
years will get something like $20,000,000
from the sale of the standing timber and
that thereafter the income of the State
will amount to millions of dollars every
year. — New Tork Commercial.
When the land Is taken the work of
carrying out the reforestation of the
State will be carried out - by • Chairman
Pettlgrove. the head of the State Depart
ment of Prisons.
The work will be done on a large scale,
and practically every section of this State
where forests are needed will eventually
benefit by the policy. As for the State,
there is good reason for saying that the
profits of the undertaking will in tfme be
big enough to wipe out the present State
debt. Possibly it may make all State
taxes unnecessary.
The State will take lands by the right
of eminent domain. Only land now con
sidered worthless but good enough to
plant trees on. will be taken. Outside of
the large cities of Massachusetts, such
land exists almost everywhere. The
land long ago refused to pay taxes on it
It is. to all practical purposes, public
land to-day. The back taxes on such land
are enough to wipe out any claim to
ownership that might be set up. There
Is other land, almost as worthless, on
which small taxes have been paid the
land being assessed at only a nominal
price. This land also. If taken by emi
nent domain, could be bought for little
more than the expense of condemnation
In almost every case, this land was
once the site of a forest, but the wood
ha* been cut off. As it Is good for noth
ing else but woodland, the owners will be
glad to get anything for It. The takings
by the State, therefore, will amount in all
to a good many thousand acres, probably
The total cannot yet be stated, because
even the State officials have not yet de
elded upon that total.
Under the general direction of Governor
Bates, plans are in progress for restoring
the forests of Massachusetts by the work
of convict camps. This will be the first
experiment of the kind in the United
States. It will probably attract the no
tice of sociologists all over the world,
says the Boston Advertiser.
The old ccment-llned noria, or com
munity well, was cleaned out while the
committee was on the ground, and after
twenty-five years" Inactivity it save forth
a fine volume of Ice-cold water. This
work on the well has been in contempla
tion by the neighboring people for twenty
years, but Jolon la a "manana" country
and it remains for the leaguo to place it
onco again in commission.
The lumber for the restoration is fur
nished by the Sans lumber mill, situated
on the Santa Luclas, about twenty miles
from the mission, and Its proximity haa
reduced the price almost one-half. It is
an interesting fact that most of these
giant Umbers are being cut and hau'.od
by descendants of the mission Indiana,
who have continued to practice the in
dustries taught their ancestors by the
padres in the long ago.
So, too, will the walla be rebuilt large
ly by their hands. The work is in charsa
of Architect Will r>. Shea, but tne im
mediate superintendency' Is in the han<H
of J. Alonzo Forbes, who for thlrty-sevon
years has lived within call of the mission
bells and is familiar with every detail of
the famous old cloister. Alany of tho
Spanish "residents of the surrounding
country have volunteered to donate a
week's labor toward the restoration of
their beloved chapel, within whose shad
ow many, were reared, and this offer be
speaks a "patriotism that is good to see.
for the eun shines hot on the San Anto
nio Valley and produces an overpowering
antipathy to labor.
The league has obtained proprietorship
from George Dutton of many furnishings
of the mission and numerous articles usetl
about the ancient workshops. These. In
cluding a beautiful copper baptismal font.
will be replaced in the cloister when tho
restoration Is complete.
The league has on hand $1100. which it
confidently hopes will b<* augmented as
the work progresses. The Native Son*
and Native Daughters have manifested
great Interest in the belated work of res
toration, and at Its last Grand Council
the Young Men's Institute announced itj
intention to asisst in the patriotic work.
The first actual work of restoration oa
the ruins of San Antonio de Padua be
gan on Monday last by the California
Landmarks League, when the descend
ants of the old neophytes gathered in
the sanctuary to clear out tha fallen
beams and gather the unbroken tiles and
adobes with which to replace the root
and walls.
Governor of Massachu
setts Would Use Con
vict Labor.
W ork Begun by the Cali
fornia Landmarks'
League.
Mechanism on Indiana
Road Saves Much
Labor.
TRACK-LAYING
BY MACHINERY
MISSION RUINS
TO BE RESTORED
PLAN TO RESTORE
DENUDED FORESTS
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. .Cousins returned
last Saturday from Seattle.
Mrs. J. H. Noah will be at home Thurs
days at 1451 Franklin streets.
• / • *
William C. Carl of New York City, or
ganist of the First Presbyterian Church
and director of the Guilmant Organ
School, registered in San Francisco at
the Palace Hotel during the first week
of September for a short sojourn.
He visited Lake Tahoe, Mount Tamal
pais and other particular points of
local interest in California and Alaska.
He opened a modern organ In Dawson,
and is now concertizing en route East. Mr.
Carl recently entertained as guests at
dinner at the Palace Hotel Organist Louis
C. Eaton of Trinity Protestant Episcopal
Chapel and Manager Marcus M. Henry.
the Stewart cottage for September, near
the beautiful Hotel MInnehaha at Brook
dale, Santa Cruz Mountains.
Nlles, Mrs. XV. W. "Wart, J. ' Delma*. Charle»
Hartley, C. F. B«nton. Mm. W. II. Miller,
Mlna A. Browne, H. F. Adler, Mr. and Mrs.
Welsbaum, ilr. and Mr«. K. W. Dennis, A.
W. Hlnninfe. Mr. and Mrs. H. Maataelm. Mr.
and Mrs. II. Walker. Mr. and Mr/ E. Ham
ilton. Mr. and. Mrs. Ives. H. King. D. M.
Huffy. M°. A. Bullard. Miss I. Delhanty. Miss
L. Ryan, Mr. and Mrs. O. II. Kllborn. Mr.
and Mrs. C. C. Qulnn, Henry Qutce. J. II.
Conray, Mrs. S. B«>clf, J. F. Wickxnan. Mr.
and Mrs. E. B. Gfrobal and baby. A. \V. Man
ning. G. I-. Cahlll. Mrs. \V. L. Nuckolts. Miss
It. Nuokolla. Mrs. J. M. Finch, C. A. Marston.
A. B. Sanford. D. M. Brerston. J. W. Van. H.
W. Campbell, Mlm Tab*r, E. C. Conroy, J. G.
Tyrell, Mr. and Mrs. F. C. Friedlander. Mrs.
McClelland. W. II. Ro»«. Mr. and Mr». W. B.
Hellman, Master W. Hellman. Mr. and Mrs.
A. B. Smith. Miss N, Smith. William Kllncer.
Arthur Hoar, Mrs. Rowland. Mins N. Row
land. Miss S. Rowland. \V. .11. Parks. Oak
land — Mrs. E. H. Forester, air. and Mrs. L»
Hewlett, H. D. Smith. II. Ench. W. Gray,
Mre. A. Deme, Charlotte Deme. Mr. and Mrs.
R. W. Tutt. Miss Bernlce Tutt. Berkeley-
Robert Elliott, Mr. and Mrs. James Palache,
\V. J. Schmidt. W. P. Clark, Mrs. R. Beal.
Miss W. Beal. Alameda — Mr. and Mrs. C. O.
Flint. Sausallto — Mrs. J. Brown. Salinas —
Mr. and Mrs. J. E. McDousall. Guatemala —
A. 6. Rollins. Omaha— Miss E. Smith. Ohio-
Mrs. C. B. Chapman, C. Loughlan.
A Southern sea elephant captured by a
whaling vessel on an Island In the Ant
arctic circle has been received by the
National Museum, at Wasnington. It is
an amphibian with but the suggestion of
a trunk, which has no prehensile power.
The open meeting held by the California
'Women's Whist League on Thursday, the
3d inst., was the largest gathering of play
ers called together by any club in this
city for many months.
The directors' and members were much
pleased, as the ladies, who numbered qver
150. acknowledged having 'i?pent a delight
ful afternoon. Light refreshments were
Rerved and music furnished by Miss M.
Gelshacker. Many visitors expressed a
desire to Join the club.
. The visitors' prize was won by Mrs. C.
Mouser of Berkeley 'and the members'
by Mrs. James Gallagher., ,
After the play a social hour was I iri-
The Verona Literary Society held Its
first "at home" last Sunday afternoon and
evening- at the residence of Messrs. Jo
seph and Charles Greene. The affair
proved successful and promises a good
term for the young organization. The
committee In charge had arranged excel
lent entertainment, consisting of games,
recitations, songs and dancing. Refresh
ments were served during the early part
of the evening, followed later by a sub
stantial supper, during which many toasts
were given expressing best wishes for the
futuTe of the new* society. •
The affair was under the management
of the dramatic committee of the society,
consisting of Joseph Greene, chairman;
Norbert Cills, Frank Borel, Charles
Greene and Ira Harris.
Among those present were: Miss Fan
nie Levy, Miss G. Sullivan, Miss Aren
son, Miss L. Cooper, MIbs E. Roark, Miss
E. Lazansky. Miss N. Schwartz, Miss W.
Macdonald, Miss Silverstein, Miss Crock
er, Miss J. Horn, Miss Rose Levy, Miss
M. Donahue, Miss Eva Greene, Miss Rose
Blume, Miss Blanche Wolf, Miss Sadie
Bernstein. Miss J. White, . Miss Lizzie
Glloriee, Leon Gutman, Joseph Greene,
Frank Zizak, Harris Raphael, Ira Har
ris, Arthur Gram, Charles H. ' Greene,-
Morris Raphael, Howard de Corsey, Nor
bert Cills, Morris Katz, Joseph Elchwald,
Sidney Bloomenthal, Frank Borel, H.
Blume, Melville Stokes, Samuel Ginsberg
and many others. The rooms .were hand
somely decorated with smilax, flowers
and the colors of the society.
The Deutscher Club will receive its
friends at Golden Gate Hall, Wednesday
evening, September 16.
v • •
The MaccabeaTi Club will hold its first
weekly lecture on Monday, September 14,
under the supervision of Dr. Voorsanger,
Its director. The public la invited.
• • «
The annual meeting of the Women's
Country Club was held at Mrs. Joseph
Tyson's home, with Mrs. Roach as host
ess, September 1, 1903. Luncheon was
served. The club was called to order by
the president, Mrs. H. C. Turner, and the
usual business was transacted. As new
work for the club, the literature of the
nineteenth century was outlined by the
chairman of the executive .committee,
Mrs. J. E. Thane. ' Mrs. Chisholm ren
dered two vocal numbers and Mrs. Oliver
Blanchard of San Jose favored the club
with two whistling solos. A number of
visitors were present After a very en
joyable afternoon the club adjourned to
meet with Mrs. C. Runckle of Decoto
October 6.
The Contemporary Club will hold Its
first meeting of the season to-morrow
(Monday) at Utopia Hall. The club will
now meet regularly second and fourth
Mondays of each month.
CLUB PARTIES.
Mrs. Clara K. Peterson and her daugh
ter. Miss Ella E. Peterson, have taken
Mrs. R. B. Pechner and Miss Jennie
Pechner will receive at the residence of
Mrs. L. H. Levy, 1257 Clay street, prior
to the departure for Europe of Mrs. Pech
ner.
Jacob S. Jonas of San Bernardino Is
visiting relatives in this city.
Thomas F. Quinlan haa returned from
a two months' visit to New York.
Miss Kate Splivalo left last Sunday for
New York, where she will spend a few
months with relatives.
Mr. Edouard Clerfayt, stockbroker in
Belgium, after spending several weeks In
this city with his brother, left Wednes
day on his return trip to Belgium.
Mrs. N. Solomon (nee Ullman) of El
Paso, Tex., is at the Majestic, and will bo
at home to her friends Mondays in Sep
tember.
PEBSONAI*S.
Mr. and Mrs. II. Levy of 929 Eddy
street, formerly of San Jose, announce
the marriage of their daughter Estelle
Rose to Oscar Krause of New York City.
The wedding occurred September 6 at
Unity Club, Brooklyn, New York.
The young couple were the recipients of
many handsome pieces of silver and cut
glass. They have gone to Southern Cali
fornia on their honeymoon. They will re
side in San Francisco on their return, as
Mr. Martin is vice president of the Hol
land Company of Chicago.
Miss Ethel Stealey and Jesse C. Martin
Jr. were married last Wednesday noon,
at the residence of the bride's mother,
Mrs. M. L. Stealey, 2S22 Van Ness avenue.
The entire home was artistically decor
ated, the color scheme being pink thwugh
out. Rev. William K. Guthrle officiated.
The bride's gown was a beautiful crea
tion of crane da mignon and lace over
silk and chiffon. She carried a shower
bouquet of lilies of the valley.
Miss Susie Martin was maid of honor
and MUs Grace Bruckman was brides
maid, both attired in pink net over silk
and carrying pink roses. The ushers
were Dr. .H. Gray Martin and Samuel P.
Russell. Eva Louise Btealey and Leila
Raisch < nieces of the bride, were flower
girls. A wedding breakfast followed the
ceremony.
WEDDINGS.
Mr. and Mrs. George A. Boden gave a
farewell party recently in honor Of Cap
tain Laverge of the steamship Minne
waska, bound for New York. On this oc
casion, to the surprise of all present,
Captain Laverge's engagement to Miss
Catherine Gorman of thla city was an
nounced. Among those present were:
Captain Laverge, Miss Catherine Gor
man, Mrs. Marie O"Brlen, Mrs. F. Clegg,
Miss Hettie Burke, Miss Addie Brown,
Miss Dayton and J. Harbeson Burns Jr.
of New York, Louis E. Beban, Mrs. Cap
tain Beadwell. The following day the
captain entertained the same party of
friends on board the steamer.
Mrs. R. Rosenblum announces the en
gagement of her sister. Miss Laura Ellis,
to Melville B. Rosenberg of this city. Re
ceptions will be held to-day and "Wednes
day, September 16, at their residence, 2211
Buchanan street. ?
Mr. and Mrs. S.^Caro announce the en
gagement of their daughter Birdie to Lew
W. Lampert. The reception will be held
Sunday, September 20, at their residence,
2026 Howard street.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Estelle Splivalo. daughter of Mr.' and
Mrs. A. D. Splivalo, to Dave J. Martin.
The wedding will take place in Novem
ber.
? • 9
Mr. and Mrs. S. Hartman of Santa Ynez
announce the engagement of their drfugh
ter Hannah to Isidore Goldstein of San
Francisco.
Mr. and Mrs. Andrew Christenson an
nounce the engagement of their daughter
Ada to J. B. Faget of New Orleans.
Mr. and Mrs. I. Friedman of 121 Rubs
street announce the engagement of their
daughter Millie to Benjamin Lachman.
Mr. and Mrs. Max Lewie announce the
engagement of their daughter Flossie to
Benjamin Milford Eisner. The reception
will be held .Sunday afternoon and even
ing. September 20, at 13G3 Ellis street.
ENGAGEMENTS.
Mr. and Mrs. S. Schloss celebrated their
silver wedding last Sunday evening, Sep
tember 6, at their residence, 1139 Turk
street. Those present were Mr. and Mrs.
S. Schloss, Rev. and Mrs. Samuelson, Mr.
and MrV M. Schloss, Mr. and Mrs. M.
Heyman, Mr. and Mrs. C. Israel, Mr. and
Mrs. J. Henry, Mr. and Mrs. E. Orack,
Mr. and Mrs. J. Strauss, Mrs. E. Harsh
all, Mr. and Mrs. S. Jonas, Mr. and Mrs.
M. Koshland, Mrs. Peckner, Mr. and Mrs.
D. Cohn, Mr. and Mrs. Sendacz, the
Misses Anna and Ada Schloss, Annie and
Birdie Israel, Rose and Julia Orack. Lena
Sendacz, Jennie Peckner, Annie and Bes
sie Cohn, Miss Goldman, Jeannette Israel,
Messrs. Philip Asher, Isidore Orack, Sam
and Abe Israel,. Max Cohn, Masters Huj
man, Sendacz and Cohn.
A reception was held at the home of
Mr. and Mrs. G. C. Hubbard on Thurs
day evening in honor of Mr. and Mrs.
Charles K. Deweese (formerly Miss Edith
Hubbard). A delightful hospitality was ex
tended to a large number of friends from
both Bides of the. bay. Mr. and Mrs.
Deweefie have left for Southern Califor
nia, where they will remain indefinitely.
Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Madsen celebrated
their twentieth anniversary on September
1 at their home, 1164 Fell street, which
was beautifully decorated for the oc
casion with Chinese lanterns and draper
ies. A most enjoyable evening was spent
in music, games and dancing, after which
supper was served. The couple were the
recipients of many beautiful presents of
china. Among those" present were Mr.
and Mrs. John Madsen. Miss M. Farris,
Mr. and Mrs. Ernest Arnold, Miss Anna
Lacy, Mr. and Mrs. John Olson. A. Gett,
Mr. and Mrs. John Sherburn, Miss Mary
Waters, Mr. and Mrs. Daniel O'Leary,
Miss M. Quatman, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
Burk, Miss M. Sherburn, Mr. and Mrs.
William Coom.be. Miss K. Madsen, Mr.
and Mrs. M. Anderson, Miss E. Moore,
Mr. and Mrs. - Charles Collins, Miss M.
O'Leary, Mr. and Mrs. John Owens, R.
Lawton, Mr. and Mrs. John Fitzhenry,
Miss R. O'Leary, Mr. and Mrs. A. Carley,
Miss M. Olson, Mrs. John Lawton, Mrs.
E. Davey, Mrs. M. Cook, D. Arnold, Le
Roy Ellis, H. Wheeler, Miss E. Hayburn,
Miss Blanche Davey, Hon. R. J. Tarrell,
C. Freed, A. Dunn, Miss May Lawton,
Hon. A. Quatman, Fred Cook, Miss L.
Fitzhenry. Miss May Lacy, Miss R.
Smith, Mrs. S. Dagget and Miss J. Moller.
Dr. Blanche L. Sanborn and Arthur B.
Sanborn gave an at home at their resi
dence, 1786 Sutter street, last Sunday in
celebration of moving into their new
home. The couple were congratulated
upon the choice they made and there was
an evening of music, songs, recitations
and 'storytelling, followed by a midnight
supper, at which Dr. Sanborn was the
hostess. Those present were: Mr.
and Mrs. Robert Day, Mr. and Mrs.
Rufus E. Ragland, Mr. and Mrs. S. C.
WalliB, Mrs. Wolf, Mrs. M. L. Reddlck,
Mrs. Lizzie Stariton, Professor and Mrs.
Dudley Mansfield. Madame Blanche
Bouvier, Mrs. George Elkus, the Misses
Lucas and Cordelia Elkus, Messrs. Eu
gene B. Cohn. E. K. Rountree, Ernest C.
Stock, Harold Heiss and A. M. Sanborn.
HOME PARTIES.
busily arranging charitable
work for the autumn. Benefits will be
given earlier thlSwVear than usual; A
kitchen shower by the Alden Club and a
bazaar for the Maria Kip Orphanage are
already in preparation. Many of the fair
Bex are busily at work on dainty articles
which will be sold in the booths by at
tractive girls, thus bringing many shekels
for practical work amors the poor.
. URINQ the transition period,
V—^""T" > \\ when early homecomers are
(\A ) I waiting for their friends to
ScY // return to town,/ their femi-
nine hands and heads are
joyed and the ladies retired leaving the
members delighted at the success of the
affair.
The league finds its present hall entirely
too small to entertain its many friends,
so will hold lta next reception at Native
Sons' Hall some evening: in the near fu
ent about 10:30.
The duplicate series will begin on Thurs
day, September 17. and members wishing
instructions in whist will please be pres
ent about 1:0.
Monday prize was won by Mrs. Treat,
Thursday by Mrs. Houseworth.
¦ ¦ ¦- / ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ' .
THE SAN FBANC1SCO CALL, • SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1903.
SOCIETY EVENTS
40
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
MADAM DEVAS
SCIENTIFIC PALMIST AND
ASTROLOGIST,
UEBES BUILDING.
139 POST STREET.
/? xj HOGR8-10 to 1! ».m., 1 to 5 p.m.,
1 / »»d TUESDAY EVENINGS.
Jlfe Palm Reading
IP $ M 0> '
fights T. STAR CHAMBERLIM,
Manager.
#*SA7WS.yj;zzvfAWm ?* -iRHfef 1
smajlz ak wr- VHi I
¦ zovo>x JCAJtSsXsL JaJrfjr I
JU*rovzj> I
ATI CrEARy^T^F
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed oy
DR. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donoho«
building. 1170 Market street, cor. Taylor, rooms
BS-29. with the electric needle without pain or
•car; permanency guaranteed; hours 1 to A P-oa,
ADVEUTISKMENTS.
NOT TO = DAY,
THANK YOU!
Perhaps you have found out how
hard it is to obtain employment
now that youth has passed away.
Perhaps YOU have heard the "Not
to-day, thank you," in reply to
your earnest applications for. posi-
tions. You need not be handicap-
ped in this way for another week.
Scores of ladies have had your ex-
perience, and are now filling re-
munerative places.
Those gray hairs must go, and
the only safe and natural way to
bring back girlhood's tresses in all
their glory is to use
\ Mrs. Nettie Harrison's
4 DAYS' HAIR
RESTORER
It never fails and has made' thou-
sands of enthusiastic, firm friends.
We trust your experience may
be the same as our many .other
lady friends. $1 a. bottle. All drug-
gists.
Mrs. Nettle Harrison's
LOLA MONTEZ CRBME
Makes Facial Beauty
Possible to the plainest featured
lady. Wrinkles and dry, faded skin
— all the marks of care, worry and
illness. — speedily replaced by a
clear, . osy complexion. 75c a jar.
X.aits Three Month*. All Srug-gliti.
FPFF A Trial Pot of tta* Creme
I ftCI. Prte to ladles sending this
ad. and 10c in stamps. Also book of
instructions and a box of my race
Powder rBEE.
5oS£S?o£ ay Superfluous Hair
' THE ELECTRIC NEEDLE
In Skillful Hands, as Operated at My
Dermatological Parlors. ¦ •
Warts, Freckles, Moles, Pimples
and all; Facial Blemishes scientific-
ally treated and permanently , cor-
rected under .my personal super-
vision at my parlors.
We employ no traveling affents.
MRS. NETTItHARRISON
DEBMATOtpOIST, .
140 Geary St., San Francisco.
NEWMAN & LEVINSON. £ ".^J^S
Kearny and Sutter Sts.
Grand Opening To-morrow of Our £ (g££°SD
New Blapk Dress Goods 9 Department
This is one of the most important announcements of the year — Yvehave been for months
preparing for this great event and our New Black Dress Goods Department starts to-morrow upon
its business career with everything in its favor — It offers the finest and most representative fabrics
from all the best manufacturers — everything is entirely new and PRICED RIGHT — The
collection includes such fashionable dress fabrics as
Voiles, Etamines, Batistes, Zibelines, Granites, Crepe de Paris, Serges,
Crystals, London Twines. Mistrals, Mousselines, Cheviots, Sicilians, etc., etc.
To Introduce This New Department We Will Offer Monday:
46 INCH BLACK MISTRAL, WORTH fx.oo a yard at - Sale Price
46 INCH BLACK MOMIE, WORTH Jr.oo a yard at -*=7iTN
46 INCH BLACK PEBBLE CHEVIOT, WORTH I1.25 a yard at > / I B^ '.
46 INCH BLACK FANCY CANVAS, WORTH fi.io a yard at I " v^
46 INCH BLACK FANCY MISTRAL, WORTH $1.25 a yard at J YARD
Exceptional Values in Table Linens (9ttt °"' rI2r) !
It is t pleasure to shop in our new Linen Department in the Sutter Street Annex, it b so
roomy and brigffk— and we never had better values than those we are offering now :
Half Bleached Table Linens, 60 inches wide, in dice Bleached Satin Damask Table Linens, 70 inches wide
pattern, a good strong serviceable article for every _ n in a great variety of new patterns; worth $1.00 Q -
day ute, special per yard ..- 3UC a yard, special • o^C
Silver Bleached Table Linens. 62 inches wide, in the Double Satin Damask Table Linens, in pretty Fleur dc
neatest of polka dots and floral designs; excellent __ Lis, Snowdrop and floral designs; sold regularly at ~ f --
value per yard CHJC fi.soayard, special -^*»^
Stylish Silk Mitts Reduced (--?£')
This item will arouse much attention — These mitts are just what warm weather demands,
for they are light, cool and comfortable — They are in elbow lengths in black and white — Ready
to-morrow with all sizes, at these tempting prices :
fi.eo Silk Lac« Mitts, Reduced to 75c fi.75 Silk Lace Mitts, Reduced to ......$1.40
$1.25 Silk Lace Mitts, Reduced to '. 90c $2.00 Silk Lace Mitts, Reduced to -^ $1.60
Special Sale of Pin Cushions CESWM
They are all finished ready for use — covered with fancy satin In such desirable colors as Pink,
Blue. Green and Yellow — some trimmed with dotted swiss and ruffle, others prettily trimm«d with
lace — all on sale to-morrow at these prices while quantity lasts :
Pin Cushions 5 inches square, were fi.oo, Sala Price 75c
Pin Cushions 9 Inches square, were J1.25, Sale Price - $1.00
Pin Cushions 9x12 inches, were $1.50, Sate Price «. $1.00
Pin Cushions 9x12 inches, were $2.00, Sale Price- - $1.50
Leather Suit Cases and Bags
Our enlarged Leather Goods' Department challenges comparison with any in the city — Here
you will find Suit Cases and Bags in large assortments and newest styles in Seal, Alligator, Walrus,
Calf Skin and Grain Leathers — superior qualities at lowest prices. These splendid values to-morrow:
Sole Leather Suit Cases, with best solid brass catches, Alligator Club Bag?, with brass catches and slides,
linen lined and shirt flap $8.00 leather lined— made good and strong;
*. . * x. « t. . #»« .. • • Sli« it inch 14 Inch ij inch
Sole Leather Suit Cases, fitted with comb, brush, mirror p r j ce $4.00 $4.75 $5.25
and complete toilet outfit $19.75 Alligator Bags rn Oxford shape, with gun metal trim-
Club Bags made of English Grain Leather, In dark mlngs, leather lined, special at
,,-,,, , ¦ *, «/» ,« Sl»e 14 inca 11 inch ifl inch
brown, finely finished; 14 In. >5.>s; 16 In $6.50 p r j ce $7.25 $7.75 $8.25
An Excellent Stock of Corsets ( ™«»? sT >
We carry a most complete stock of corsets, comprising all the very newest models of the most
celebrated makes and prices are very moderate — as for instance:
Straight front Girdles, made of extra heavy tape, in Straight front Corsets, made of pretty figured Coutille.
pink, blue and white; special per pair —Si .00 in light and dark colors, perfect in shape, per pair $2. 50
Bias gored, straight front Corsets, with low bust and Fine Corsets with bias gored straight front, low bust,
medium hips, in white, pink and blue, per pair.. $1.25 long princess hips for full figures; black, white, gray; $2.75
Mail Orders Receive Prompt Attention — Samples sent to any address
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Young girls at I J \y \
this period of life, I y~ * '
or their mothers, xH | i V
are earnestly in s Jr^ »
vited to write Mrs* <£$
Pinkham for advice; all such letters are
strictly confidential ; she has guided in a
motherly way hundreds of young women ;
and her advice is freely and cheerfully given.
School days are danger days for American girls.
Often physical collapse follows, and it takes years to recover the
lost vitality. Sometimes it is never recovered.
Perhaps they are not over-careful about keeping their feet dry;
through carelessness in this respect the monthly sickness is usually
rendered very severe.
Then begin ailments which should be removed at once, or they will
produce constant suffering. Headache, faintness, slight vertigo, pains
in the back and loins, irregularity, loss of sleep and appetite, a tendency
to avoid the society of others, are symptoms all indicating that woman's
arch-enemy is at hand.
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound has helped many a
young girl over this critical period- With it they have gone through
their trials with courage and safety. With its proper use the young
girl is safe from the peculiar dangers of school years and prepared for
hearty womanhood.
A Young Chicago Girl "Studied Too Hard."
"Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — I wish to thank you for the help and ben-
efit I have received through the 'use of Lydia E. Pinkhain's Vege-
table Compound and Liver Pills. When I was about seventeen
_-**^z^*52^ years old I suddenly seemed to lose usual good
health and vitality. Father said I studied^ too
hard, but the doctor thought different and
i^^}^^^^^^^^^^S^\ prescribed tonics : which I took by the
fl^^^^^^^^^^^^^.^1 quart without relief. Reading one day in
the paper of Mrs. Pinkham's great cures.
M^^s^^^^^^^g^ Wk and finding the symptoms described an-
j **" swered mine, I decided I would give Lydia
( i W^^§5**£?^f/i I*^ 11^* 121111 * 8 Vegetable Compound b
¦ tr * a^ * not sa F a WOI "d to . the doctor :
iflAJT'* ./'jiiiP^lr k° u Sht niyself, and took it according
*§§£& *° di rect i° ns regularly for two months.
rra8feAMg^^Py*vgggiy and I found that I gradually improved,
Hp$jj&S*^*j^pSF^ an( * a^ a^ P 21 " 18 left m 6, and I was my
T^^yr fy fl f "¦* old self once more. — Lilue E. Sinclair,
/ ' 17 E. 22d St, Chicago 111."
"Miss Pratr 'Unable to Attend School."
"Deak Mrs. Pinkham: — I feel it my duty to tell all young women
how much Lydia E. Pi nkham's wonderful Vegetable Compound ha;
done for me. I was completely run down, unable to attend schooL an?"
did not care for any kina of society, but now I feel like a new person,
and have gained seven pounds of flesh in three months.
u I recommend it to all young women who suffer from female weak-
ness." — Miss Alma Pratt, Holly, Mich.
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound is the one sure rem-
edy to be relied upon at this important period in a young 1 girl's life
SPfiflO FORFEIT if we cannot fcrthwitb produce the original letters and signatures o-
nil*?'' :i*««»»# testimonial!, which Till prore their absolute genuineness.
• • ' * ' J.jdia K. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn, KMfchis invention, but tn« explosion that
killed him destroyed any records there
might have been ofliis work. It was not
"fulmite" that killed him, but an acci
dent with ordinary nltro-glycerlne.
The rate, $42, Includes rail and stage
fare, hotel bills en route and at tho Sen
tinel Hotel in the valley, ride over the
"double loop" and floor of the valley, car
rlagft ride to Mirror Lake, guides and
borses to Vernal and Nevada Falls and
Glacier PoSnt. The route is via Bower
Cave, llaarcl Green, Big Trees, Merced
Canyon and Capcado Fails Koinjr into the
Valley, and via New Inspiration Point and
Oak F!at road and Big Trees to Hazel
Green on the return trip, th;isuaking you
into the valley one way ami out another.
All about it ut 641 Market street, Santa
Fe offices. ?
to Yosexnite Via Santa Fe Leaves
San Francisco Tuesday,
September 15.
The Pt-sonally Conducted Excursion
$42 Y0SEMITE AND KETURN. $42
Cleveland's oldest inh-ibltant Is George
Robinson, see 103. He has an original
theory for living U'Um. "I think I w.uld
not be alive tn-day," h" say:--, "if I had
not lost my lrg at thp age of 28. It made
me take care of myself."
Ix?w Vl'ing Lee. alias Ah Louie, was
J^eld to answer- before the Superior Court
by Police Judge Mogan yesterday on a
charge Of turglary In $3>X» bonds. He en
tered the rorm of William Nevegold at
9"11 Powell etrrct en August 17 er.d Ftole
several articles of Jewelry. He is an ex
convict, havir.g served three terms for
burglary. Jue L5m f-nd Tee Hip were
held to answer on a charge of prand lar
ceny in J2000 bonds <ach for stealing a
irold bracelet from Qim Hi. Sll Dupont
street, on August 21.
Chinese to Stand Trial.
Harry Edwards, aged about 33 years,
who roomed at 24 Sixth street, was taken
to the Emergency Hospital yesterday
morning suffering from gas asphyxiation.
His life wns paved by the prompt assist
ance rendered him by Dr. James D. Mur
phy after his arrivai in the hospital. He
was out of work and had tried to end his
life.
Wanted to Die by Gas.
Harris said that Jensen and the two
Japanese were employed by his firm, on
commission, buf had no authority to col
lect money. He ascertained that they had
collected $52 on September 1 and hud ap
propriated the money.
Harris also alleged that the three de
fendants had been in the habit of making
out orders for rice and other goods on
firms ostensibly for other lirms and after
getting- possession of the goods would sell
them and appropriate the proceeds. To
what extent they had done this was not
yet known.
Jensen was arrested, but Harris called
at the City Prison later and said that
Jenren had been mistaken for another
man and he wanted him released. Jenst-n
was taken before Judge Cabanlsa and re
leased on his own recognizance in open
court.
F. E. Harris, manager of M. Phillips &
Co., commission merchants, 20 Pine street,
secured a warrant from Police Judge
Fritz yesterday for the arrest of J. M.
Jensen,' R. Kawanami and S. C. Sugita
on a charge of felony embezzlement.
One of Three Defendants Is Arrested
and Is Subsequently He-
leased.
ACCUSED OF EMBEZZLEMENT
BY A COMMISSION FIRM
rested yesterday by Detective Freel and
booked at the City Prison on a charge of
attempting to obtain money by false
pretenses. It was originally Intended to
charge him with forecry, but the District
¦ Attorney advised that the minor charge
be made.
Beverl(Jse was employed for two years
in the printing department of Sanborn,
Vail & Co. and was recently discharged.
• On September 9 he went to the office of
' the D. H. Tollman Company, in the Par
rott building, representing himself as
Augrust Blumberg. foreman of Sanborn,
Vail & Co.'s printing department, and
asked for a. loan of $100. A fcrm of appli
cation ¦was filled out In accordance with
information given by Beveridge as to his
residence, salary, age. references, rela
tives and value of personal effects,
pevcridge forged Blumberg's name to the
application. He was to!d by Tollman to
cail again yesterday.
Tollman meantime made inquiry about
Rlumberg and learned that some one had
been impersonating him. The police were
notified and yesterday morning when
•- Bevtridpe called uj>on Tollman Detective
Freel placed him under arrest.
rMPEBSOITATES ANOTHER
MATT TO BORROW MONEY
Archie Beveridge, a Printer, Nar
rowly Escapes Being' Charged
With Forgery.
Archie Bevcridee. a printer, vras ar-
But such is the extraordinary fatality
that seems to dog inventors that Saw
bridgo was killed In an explosion in his
laboratory, which wrecked the entire cot
tage. This happened soon after the
British Government had begun to nego
tiate with Sawbridge for the purchase of
In one way t is perhaps as well that
the new gunpowder "fulmite," invented
by Herbert Sawbridge six years ago, nev
er came to a head.
Saw bridge discovered this powder by ac
cident in his little chemical experimenting
room at Kxeter, Kngland. He perfected
the powder after a good deal of study
and trouble, and finally showed that in an
ordinary service rifio this powder could
drlvp a bullet accurately a distance of
nearly six miles, and that at ordinary
ranges It gave over tjjn times the penetra
tion that "cordite," the present powder,
gives. A bullet propelled by it at 600
yards would penetrate twelvo men. It
would have been a terribly destructive
invention, and one of its best points was
that it did not strain or corrode a gun in
any way; and, above all, damp could not
harm it.
THE SECRET OF "FULMITE."
Tho Mills lamp was an incandescent
Untit produced without any using up of
materials— it had nothing to do with com
bustlon, and tho "flame" of it was per
fectly cold. It was certainly one of the
mnpt wonrtr rful Inventions of the age,
and not at all an expensive affair.
made two of those lamps and demonstrat
ed their absolute success, but an ex
traordinary thing happened before the in
vention was put at the disposal of the
publl :. On the night of May 20, 1SS9,
Mills' laboratory, in Hampstead. was
brokf-n into, both lamps broken into frag
ments and all the papers describing the
invention, involving years of work, were
stolon. Th^re was not the slightest clew to
the perpelratora of the burglary, which
was done most scientifically, nnd the
crime has never been traced.
Even the reason for it is not known —
whether it was mallc-e, jealousy or theft.
No use lias been made l the stolen
papers, and Mills, who depended on these
papers, fot to work again, but two
months later he contracted typhoid and
died, and the world was thus deprived of
his secret.
The extraordinary "perpetual lamps" of
Henry Mills, which h<- invented, perfected
and proved th<- worth of twelve years ago,
wore lost in finite a different manner.
MILLS' WONDERFUL LAMPS.
Trains or any other vehicles, as it was
proved, would be able to travel at nearly
double their present speed If constructed
of "talium," and there was no kind of
edged tool that wouid not bo r.s k ¦•<•$!, as
well as much lighter, if made of the new
metal. The commotion caused by , this
discovery wa? extraordinary, and ' still
more so was the upshot of it, .for the
magnitude of ita success overcame Ad
ams' reason, and he became insane before
ever the secret of the construction of
"talium'.' was given out. Adams died a
year later ti hopeless lunatic, and as there
were no papers explaining his method the
great secret was lost. All the tools and
engines "f "talium" which he had made
remain, but no analysis has revealed the
imthod by which the metal was blended.
Thon there is tho lost secret of the
wonderful new metal called "talium,"
which would certainly have been worth
many millions to the Inventor. Grantley
Adam.- discovered it just eight years ago,
and during its short ltfo It was one of the
prc-acst wonders of the "science and
commerce',' v/oi. u . "Talium" was an al
loy of metals electrically treated, nearly
;a. per cent lighter than steel, both strong
er and tougher, and costing! 30 per cent
less t.i produce. It was tnp fruit of four
years' hard work and study, and event
ually Adams completed It and publicly ex
posed ii to every kind of test.
So complete was his disappearance that
from that day to this not the smallest ex
planation has been h!t upon.
"TALIUM."
He. like Waymouth of heat power fame,
manufactured his diamonds before an au
dience of scientists und produced three
fine stones, which were tested and pro
nounced faultless. Two of them are still
in existence and are the greatest curiosi
ties the jewel world haa ever seen. But
within a fortnight of this triumph, before
any new stonei were put on the market,
Warner utterly disappeared from his
house on Harley street, London, leaving
no trace whatever.
He invited a committee of scientists and
engineers, including Prols, Huxley and
Forbes Brown, and showed them that his
two machines worked to perfection. The
affair made a great stir and it was proved
that a great power of unlimited scope
had been discovered. Waymouth was
flooded with offers of huge sums for his
Invention, but, for no apparent reason,
except, perhaps, the alleged madness of
gtnius. he absolutely refused to either
bring it out himself or sell the secret. He
announced himself satisfied with the tri
umph of the invention, and before hi3
doath, a year later, he destroyed all the
rapers and pluns explaining the system
and removed the essential parts of the
two engines. These engines are still pos
nesped by his heirs, but nobody has been
able to make anything of them.
LOST ART OF DIAMOND MAKING.
Still stranger was tlie famous loss of
the recipe for the manufacture of dia
monds some iiftoen years ago.
Herbert Warner, who aiong discovered
and held the secret of diamond making,
did not live to wreck the diamond indus
try as people thought he would, and the
circumstances of the loss were mysteri
ous and tragic. Inferior diamonds can
still be produced artificially, but only at
a cost of about ten times their value.
Warner, after years of experimenting,
was able to turn out a genuine diamond
of large size und of the first water at the
cost of a small fraction of the complete
stone's worth.
He had produced beforehand a round
doten of excellent inventions which still
bear his name, including the modern re
volving chimney cowl; and, having made
a large fortune, he devoted himself to
harnessing the ordinary heat of a fire
and making a new power of It. The idea
was laughed at by all his friends; but,
after four years of study and experiment
ing, he produced a stationary engine that
gave double the power of any steam
driven mechanism at about one-third of
the cost, and also a small model heat
locomotive large enough to draw a truck
with a man on it.
A recent isaua of the most prominent
exponent of the steam engineering indus
try— Power—reviews a dumber of inter
esting Instances which cannot do other
wise than convince even tha most doubt
ful that engineering la to-day very, very
far from having reached a pinnacle of
perfection. Among other notes it states
that It Is hardly twenty years since John
Waymouth, the Wolverhampton engineer
and designer, discovered the motive power
of heat, exhibited it in one of the sim
plest, cheapest and most useful engines
imaginable, and then deprived the world
\>i its benefit.
What Mme. Curie says about the
cause of the mysterious properties re
cently observed deserves to be quoted
in full:
"From the beginning of the investiga
tions on radio-active substances the
spontaneity of their radiation has been
a problem which has had the greatest
interest for all students and Investiga
tors In physics. T'o-day we are" further
advanced in our knowledge of radio
active substances, and we know how to
Isolate one radio-active body of great
radiant power — radium. By taking ad
vantage of the wonderful properties of
radium we have succeeded in making a
profound study of the rays emitted, by
radio-active bodies generally. The dif
ferent kinds of radiations which have
been studied up to the present time all
present certain analogies with the
groups of rays which exist In Crookes
tubesT with the so-called cathode rays
and with the Rontgen rays. Similar
groups of rays are also to be found In
the secondary radiations produced by
Rontgen rays, and In the radiation from
substances which have, by induction, ac
quired radio-activity.'
"While the nature of the radiation is
actually better known tnan before, the
cause of spontaneous radio-activity re
mains as much of a mystery as ever, and
this phenomenon is still an enigma for
us. Spontaneously active substances,
and, above all, radium, are sources of
energy. Tho amount of energy in which
they give rise is revealed to us by the
radiations of Bacquerel and by the
chemical and luminous effects produced,
and the fact that there is a constant
disengagement of heat. .
"It haa been asked, then, if tho en
ergy thus manifested is created in the
radio-active substances tnemselves, or,
rather, it in not borrowed by them
from external sources. None of the nu
merous hypotheses which have been
founded on these two methods of view
ing the question have ns yet received
any experimental confirmation." — The
Independent.
Several bits of history new to most
readers are brought out by Mme. Cur^e.
One Is the share which Bhe and her
husband had respectively in the ' fa
mous discovery of polonium and ra
dium. As long ago as 1898 she had found
that salts of thorium emitted substan
tially the same peculiar radiations as
uranium compounds. A German,
Schmidt, seems to have hit upon the
fact simultaneously, but, bo far as the
Paris chemists were concerned, Mme.
dufie alone deserves the credit of that
discovery. It was then noticed that a
large number of natural minerals, which
are mixtures of several salts, but which
contained either radium or thorium,
were radio-active. At first It was be
lieved that one or the other of these two
metals was responsible for the phenom
enon. Mme! Curie then undertook an
experiment which suggested a different
conclusion.
One of these minerals was chalcolite,
which is a compound of phosphates of
copper and uranium. • In Its native state
It was about twice as powerful as ura
nium In emitting what are known as
Becquerel rays. Mme. Curie manufac
tured an artificial chalcolite, putting in
the proper ingredients to insure gen
uineness, but this product failed to ex
hibit the same radiating power as the
native Bait. This has excited a sus
picion that some other element was
present in minute quantities in the lat
ter. It was at this point that M. Curie
was tempted to Join his wife in the
hunt. Two new elements were elimin
ated, polonium, which resembles bis
muth In its chemical properties, and ra
dium, wTilch is allied to Darium. For
the second of these part of the honor Is
due to M. Bemont, who assisted In 1 tne
research.
Cause of Mysterious Prop
erties of Radio- Active
Insanity, Fire and Theft Oan
oei tne rtesults of
Wonderful Inventions
and Their Peculiar
Fates.
Mme. Curie Discourses
on Polonium and
Radium.
CONCERNING TWO
NEW ELEMENTS
STRANGE TALES
OF LOST SECRETS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1903.
41
AMUSEMENTS. , .
xgSSffii'. MONDAY
FIFTH AND LAST WEEK OF THE
HENRY MILLER
AND — —
riARGARET ANGLIN
Season First Time Here,
"THE AFTERMATH."
An Adaptation by Henry Miller of George
Ohnet*s Novel, "Le Maltre des Forge*.
MATINEKS WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY.
CDHPIAI ! BEGINNING OJaJ
OrtUlAL ! MONDAY, SEPT. Zldl
"VOS YOU EFFER IN -ZJNZIIMIMATI?"
¦ ' ¦ 1 . Henry W« Savage Announce*
The Greatest Musical Comedy Triumph
PDiisirP
PILSEN
By Tixley & Luders. Authors of "King Dodo."
i METROPOLITAN CAST'"
CAPITAL CHORUS!
OPERA ORCHESTRA!
Seat Sale Opens Thursday.
T1\/A1 I OPERA
I V UU HOUSE.
NOTE— Performance commences at 8 sharp;
Saturday Matinee at 2 sharp.
TO-NIGHT— Last Performance of "RIGO-
LETTO."
THIRD W~.EK OF GRAND OPERA.
Monday. Wednesday, Friday and Saturday
Evenings, Verdi's Immortal Opera,
"ILTROVATORE."
Tuesday. Thursday and Sunday Evening*. sJat-
. urday Matinee. Bellini's Famous Work,
"LA SOMNAMBULA"
Prices the same as ever 25c, 50c, 75c
Telephone Bush 0.
IB^ fezz Jut! 3 U»rTaEl3i
BELASOO & MATER, Proprietors.
Market Street, near Eighth — Phone South 533.
*•«$¦'¦ "lose Bah Are Ton"
List Tim« '
MONDAY NIGHT— ALL NEXT WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Th* MAGNIFICENT MILITARY SPECTACLE
"The Cherry Pickers."
Gorgeous Drama of Love and War in India.
ELECTRIC SUCCESS IN NEW YORK!
Stage Settings of Oriental Splendor!
Thrilling SCENES! Powerful CLIMAXES!
nnircc evenings loo to noe
rKltfcj MATINEES 10c. 1.1c. 25o
Week of Monday, Sept. 21. "AFTER DARK.'*
MATINEE TO-DAY.
Every la«ly and child presented with a »ou-
venlr picture of one of the Pollards at all
matlneCS - THIRD WEEK
POLLARD LILLIPUTIAN OPERA CO.
THIS AFTERNOON,
TO-NIGHT.
To-morrow, Tuesday and Wednesday nights the
American version of the Sparkllns:
Musical Comedy.
THE LADY SLAVEY
Thursday Friday and Saturday Nlirhts and
Saturday Matinee. "THE GEISHA."
PRICES — EvenliiKS. 15c. 23c. 50c, 75c.
Matinees. 15c. 25c. 50c.
GRAND ',3854
San Francisco Symphony Society,
X FRITZ SCHEEL. CONDUCTOR.
NEXT SPLENDID CONCERT.
' . TUESDAY AI-TESNOOH. SEPTEMBER 15
AT 3:18.
A Magnificent Programme Including Selections
From
1 ...PARSIFAL...
E All tickets "are sood for Tuesdays of the
Eanie week they are dated.
[PRICES....*! 50. $1 25. 50c.
Tickets at Sherman, Clay A Co.' a.
On days of concerts at the Grand Opera
House.
! \ AMUSEMENTS.
fOTTfFORN 1 A
\ n ' TRKMENDOUB IIIt! ISrSl
\M Greatest Laughing Piece in g\
; Years. * *
The clever and hilariously
funny farce,
. A Friend of tbe family.
Featuring George Barnum,
' for years, leading comedian
with May Irwin, and Alice
Johnson, leading lady of the
original Frawley Company.
3 ; '-W3JJ Regular Season Prices, RBI
Tij 25c tagl. jg^
.8 H 8L'ATI\y
EYTRfll CALIFORNIA
la In Hi theater
Sunday, Sept. 20th,
MR. SAMUEL. THALL
Presents Isadore Witmark'a Famous
Comedy Opera, -.'•:
! ..THE CHAPERONS..
Original New York All-Star Cast and
Beauty Chorus of Fifty. .
I^JCTTJRES AND C0NC3BT8.
S^is&^&iin STKtHWAT HALL,
li^ilii^^v TYIMDALL
WgKSffiHRi^ISkxl,! " Tne Marconi of the
"Lees and Leaven"
wwpwett BUNTON watched the cWk
>• ¦ ¦_-—¦¦^ * „« "«* I t0 s d° s k nni1 rntPr a charge
' J[ against a customer for a ton of
¦¦'-..'; J&m coal. Thrn he turn<?<l again to a
- yf j 1;ihk1c of (igup >• )••- !.;:¦! n;...!. ;,:..- Ttii:t-
• ""V>J tc-red, 'A ton of coal: Kali! A thousand,
y^^^tr^ "'*' tcn * a hundro<l thousand! That ought to
_ii^''V^S«w*. - ' '"' : i e : '"'' s;ze <f !: ¦•' ' ¦'" Piijiron? A
t &? ' 'v^' A truckload'— as a truck stopp< J mi the
f W& "*& ' ¦ stales — 'with tf-r. th')U^;iinl t;..!,:- r^f it al-
.. ; :^B -* — •% J . * most on my hands. In my haiuls. If I
<^f* m t^3''---^''- i could raise &W nmrol Tho bank 1r run
£/•"'.„ '-, i by a lot of sr<i^ni'!=, who r:ro In a panic
1 W ,: -^ \'j -;v : , because I've mortsnpod everything— even
'"/' : " '' •'•-•— m/y* ! - ¦'¦' ;^ my nome - Th? flr^t iier chance of my
;. _*ti $&$' rS»^*' i« life; an advance of two dollars a ton —
]jt$££&}&, ' "ffi '¦*¦:'¦'?¦¦¦ '¦¦'¦¦ '¦'¦¦¦' J-^i three, four, five— almost a certainty!"
&%ft&*h :&$* K_*s»8sl|}fi»w "Thrrr was a rins al thi door, and,
p'-'^Apil vQ^gj^^^S^^^fct^ without waiting for tho giaid. Mr. Runton
' : <^^^^J«JTOSflH answered it. A telegram Ii. did not
: M^ : 0^t ''>^^±£S$&&tW8^& open it until Y.<~- ha-1 r.MiriK <] to th- Fit-
¦v^> ¦£. '-.j» ~ '»&^'£if!yiEj£*Gi$$i ting-rnom. Thru he r< rid :i. and let it
W. ; t^m >-^iw5aHKaci^igl I»H <1rop from his hand with a cry of rap;i\
'Marred! To a sneaking good for
JpMJIJPft^PHffi "Mrp. Bunton picked up the dispatch.
i Wl^^^^^e^S^i^ but nprs was ;i ' "¦'¦' of J° y: 'Oh, thank
i£&&i&&* ' ''?'* iM&*$i P><li(llfli^ '"Sho had ncvor before seen the man
' &$$$& ' * who now turned nn her, the man to whom
r ' ?0?"£s*f l/r'^i^f^^^^^t / r ¦ S^ e na^ ljt ' n '¦'"'¦>' twenty years raar-
4~'. "J'^^-rt&M^far ' That i'f= literattire, the tense, vigorous,
|fiii|§Pilir "••¦¦• ¦ i concentrated, passionate literature of to-
ni^ii n *' "' ' : a Vt the fort of powerful word pictures
: jf^_?_— aw5Stt5S i tl!at ' ;irri '' ! '¦-• v - Townsfnd of "(.'him-
$m$>$%$^ fcd^^m^^*B@B^fig| ¦ rnie Fadden"' fam< to tho lop of th<' lad-
rier at a bound, !(:•• sort of clean, human
|M| r^JSu^^j mm !m lltet-ature that has placed The Sunday
81*-^*^?*^ NT y\^y r 6 '* al ' * n an ' x -'''"' ! position in up-to-date
JJ8&& XtSP/yt*. journalism, never before attained by any
T_ur -1} other paper in the entire West. And
, / riPf +jP those are only two little excerpts from
/ /r-' x \'sti- jt.fi *^*xz • VIr - Townsend'n latest success, "Lees and
I y ¦ I' if*' Kk<ST- leaven." which begins in the next Sun-
l ' .tip /VcT* *^ ajr t - a "- an<^ "strikes an altogether
\ /Q / PtL_ new and novel note in American literal
\ / *^^? BS^^^_m^^ ture— th'' rij-tit ol a young t'irl to make a
>. 4**"^^ free choice of a husband. However, you'll
te/ read the story for yourself.
V, And then, who' has not hoard of Frank
II. Spearman, the writer of American
% railroad storiep, whoso thrilling, fascinat-
ing qualities are the talk of the whole EngllFh-ppeaklng world. Next Sundfiy
bfsrfn.- the first of a series of his best work. It is "How Conductor Pat
Francis Saved the Yellowstone Special From the Tea Train." With the pic-
tures it fills two whole pages.
Then there are two full pages of "Half-Hour Storiettes," "The Hero, the
Husband and the Boy," a little bit from real Hfe that would make one of the
best one-act plays over written. There is mystery, humor, pathos and senti-
ment fr. every line of It. "A Romance of the Great North Trail." showing the
perfectly Inexplicable and fascinating things a woman will do for tho man she
reailv loves; "Carrington's Mystic Mermaid." "Klizaboth« First Proposal,"
"The" Real Trouble With Dan." "Uncle James' Great Victory," "Fables for the
FoollFh." "A Study in Piracy.", by Josephine Dodge Daskam.
There is genuine substance In fiction for you. Now here you have the very
best that is written in wit and wisdom. Next Sunday you will got the finest
contemporary thought In four entirely new and distinct series. ••Recollec-
tions and Reflections of the Bonanza Kings Who Put a Girdle of Gold Around
the World" by Thomas Fitch, "the Silver-tongued Orator"; "Why Amer-
ican Is More Successful Than the Briton." by John Foster Frazer; "Talks to
Parents on the Training of Children." by William J. Shearer. A.M.. Ph.D.:
"Letter* From * Self-made Merchant to HSs Son." by Old John "Gorgon"
Graham.
And here's substance in humor. Have you seen those cats? Just watch
for "The Meows of a Kitty" next Sunday and you'll see why everybody is talk-
ing about them. /
I Dry Goods -^^^^ Company, |
9 • t/
9 : T J
I ...Curtain Department.., 5
J (SECOND FLOOR.* <
» ' I
i New Arrivals This Week I
9 ' I J
9 Ecru and White Nottingham CurtaIns-25 patterns Scotch J
% Madras and Cable Weave, a pair $2.75 to $3.75 J
| Ecru and White Saxony and Cable Net Curtains— 20 patterns J
g in the very latest designs, a pair $3.75 and $4.00 i
9 Brussels and Saxony Net Curtains— IS patterns in various «
q Oriental designs; a pair : $5.00 and $5.50 j
0 Portieres— New colorings and designs; another new shipment this J
• week as a special at, a "pair $8.50 «
• Bobbinet— (6000 yards) Inches wide 48 54 71 108 !
o Price 35c 45c 60c 90c j
O Regent Rugs — A new consignment of 16 designs of novel color- \
J ings, 30x60 inches, each $2.00 <
| Tablecovers— A full assortment now open in sizes 6-4, 8-4 and J
9 * 12-4. exceptional values at upwards from, each $2.00 <
9 (
| Curtains and Portieres made to order for quick delivery. <
9 , J
| CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, j
S f etry and StooVtoa Strssts. Union Squire. <
3C0000C0C000C00CG0CC03000C000000C0C03©000©30<
AMTJSEMTENTS.
0 .Week Corcmenclng TMj . AXtococon. |A
# September 13. 1 A
I Vaudeville Rarities ! §
% Europe's Greatest Sensation I |
• FIRST TIMK IX AMOUCA OT 0
© E. Rouibr's Latest Spectacular Novelty O
i"IIM PARIS"!
O An Electrical Rerttw In. Foot TaMe«nac 0
|^ J
0 - Th» Inceinp«xmbl* Gymnast. q
I James Richmond Glanroy I
0 "Th» Man With the Green Glorca." #
: TSessTosoroT !
O Prlnxa Dcnna of Royal Lineage. O
S I
0 Th* Peerleaa Trio of Athletic Enter- A
0 tainers. Z
I issfinrsoiir |
0 The Inatromental Hussars. «»
S TiOTlnTwAcST |
® Comic Tyrolean Duettlsts. J
1^ fBiTioGRAPH I
I Showing the Latest Motion Picture*. £
0 TREMENDOUS BLOC ESS OF q
I Frederic Bond & Go. S
2 In Tbelr Laughable Farce, "My Awful w
0 Dad." ®
I 9 • 9"~
Q Parquet, any seat. 29c; Balcony. 10c; Q
Q Children, any part except reserred. 10c. a
, X A few front Orcheatra row*, reserved. ,
55 60c; front rows of Balcony, reserved. 5
I © 23c. t O
UNION
COURSING
PARK
ANDREW DEAN.' Judws. •
JAS. P. GRACE. Slipper.
To-Day, Sunday, Sept. 13, 1903
WELf MATCHED
FUR-CHASERS
IN ALL-AGE_ EVENT
IN PREPARATION
SUNDAY_SEPT. 20
COURSING COMMITTEE STAKE
SEPT. 26^ AND 27
. CALIFORNIA FUTURITY
THOUSANDS OF
DOLLARS IN PRIZES
'C-3 SPECIAL. TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townwn.) its. at 10:18
a. m. and 1 v. m. Twenty-fifth and Valencia
Kts. 5 minutes later. San Mateo electric cara
| make through connection wltti the park en-
1 trance every 4 minutes durlns the day.
ADMISSION. 85 CE^TTS. LADIES PTtES.
ANOTHEll THEMENDOr3 HIT!
ANOTHER GREAT DOUBLE BILL' "
THE TALK OF THE CITT!
1 "Tha Glad Hand" and "Tha Con-carers" I
BRIM FULX. OT JSTETW NOVELTIES.
Onr "All-Star" Cast. Inculdin*
KOLB AND DILL.
BARNEY BERNARD.
WIMFIEL.D BUtKB.
HARRT IIERMSF..V.
MAUDE AMBER.
ELEANOR JENKINS.
RESERVED SKATS— Nlyhta. Me, 6O; and
73c; Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 23c and
50c: Children at Matinees. 10c and 23c
High-Class Specialties Erer} Afternoon and
Evening!!) His Beater.
JOHN t-E CtiAIR; OEORGE SCHTNDLER;
HENRY CUVE: ANDERSON AND W*L-
LACE: MR. AND MR3. MORTON: REESE
BROTHERS; MAT LAMSON. AND NEW
MOVING PICTURES.
Visit the MYSTIC MIRROR MAZB.
CHINESE ~BABY GIRL
IS THS I5TAKT IHCUBAT0K.
ADMISSION. IQc; CHILDREN'. 5c -
mSCELXANXOTJS AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND EXCURSION
To VAXIjEJO. on the new steamer SITNOIh
SUNDAY. Btbt. 6. 1903. 'Win Tlslt all points
of Interest on the bay. Music and dancinc
Round trip. 60c; children. 23c. Tickets for
?al- at wharf and also aboard steamer on
Sunday morning;. Leaves Washlngton-st.
wharf. Pier 3. at 10 a. m.
P^I^rp DOiVT FAIL TO
laiaWV see the beautiful
« COURT Lounging
/) till room, the EMPIRE
aUU PARLOR, the
p 1 PALM ROOM, the
Iinif1fl LOUIS XV PAR-
Ul UI1U LOR. and the LA-
D ij,, DIES' WRITINQ
Hotels room -
AMUSEMENTS.
LAST 1 To-Day and
four To-Morrow
TIMES at 2 and 8 p.m.
" Doors open at I and 7.
Show grounds, eleventh & market.
RINGLING BROS.'
*L f w *ff v -
W03IiD'S OBBATXST BXOWS.
And the Sublime Spectacle.
AND THE CRUSADES.
CHORISTERS \^fa^^*
100 SENSATIONAL CIRCUS ACTS.
Hundreds of Wonderful Trained Horses.
Three Herds of Performing Elephants.
Two Troupes Educated Seals.
4$ is., CLOWNS 1 108 CA6E ZOO
f£fI E BABY BOO ££°£S"!
S hi fl&J V 91 JAN -8=! l«03
ONE 50c Ticket Admits to EverytMa*. •
Children Under 12 Years Half Price.
Tini/rTA of admission and actually
ill 1 p I \ numbered reserved aeats on
I IUi\l- I LJ «'« *t Sherman. Clay &
1 ' , Co.'« Piano Warerooma.
Kearoy and Sutter atreets. at exacUy th*
same prices as charged at the regular ticket
wagons on the show grounds.
ALCAZAR i5_™
BELASCO & MATER. Props. Phone Alcazar.
E. D. PRICE. Gen'l Met.
TO-NIOHT I*4ST TIMS—
The Brilliant Success,
THE UNWELCOME MRS. HATCH
HONDAT NIGHT— AL.U NEXT WEEK.
First Time Her* of
FLORENCE ROBERTS
AS
MAGDA
Evenings. 25c to 75c: Sat. Mat.. 15a to 50c.
EVERY SATURDAY MATINEE.
D'ANNUNZIO'S GIOCONDA.
When Night Price* "Will Prevail.
Art Programme Souvenirs.
NEXT WEEK— MISS ROBERTS In
; "THE ADVENTURE of the LADY URSULA."
¦ H @QVr9 af v E ©*tJ I fir * 'S Vm 6wil
i-Mdy »t.. Above Mason. ...
Beginning TO-MORROW NIOHT.
POSITIVELY LAST SIX NIGHTS.
The XVth C«ntury Morality Play.
EVERYMAN
Farewell Matinees, Thurs. and S«t. at 3.
Reserved Seats. $1. |1 50 and $2.
Box Office. Sherman. Clay & Co. 'a.
Coming— AUGUSTA COTTLOW. Planlste.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Tea e ;
. k . » « < V , ADVERTISEMENTS.
C8e«^S©3©OQ©©G©00©©9©«5»©0««©0©t)0000000000000
g Announcement Extraordinary I
! GREAT SUIT SALE
§ 5000 Newest Fall and Winter Styles at
§ PRICES1.QWER THAN ANYWHERE
O W^^^^^^^WWWj Bejrfnnlns: to-morrow we shall place on
® Wc5«bW f/y*"W ?a ' e 0O ° °* ent * re^ new, exquisite styles
2 r^*£rW a' f Tailor Suits. They are made well, care-
S /^^P 1 u^ y fi m3 bed and made to fit. They com-
© d&Wr**^ TC^*f{ pr ' se ie most asn io na^^ e weaves, such as
© iliHK—fC^ EwfwM Zibeline. Camels' Hair, Fancy Tweeds,
® I^^VW^ i'^W Blind Cheviots. Venetians and Novelty
® \ ' vfV 1 1 W\ Mixtures. Manufacturing in large quan-
• T-T>3if\ Competition Impossible
S I' 1 1\ Vw\ V ? Th* p "? e {or * hese . st y lish » well-made, per-
© '1 ! >1 f*^^ feet fitting Suits will be
• /JTBiM 912.5O. 914. $15, l?17.5O and ?20
S " jyt&S€ A 7 Hi «h Novelty Tailor Dresses, the per-
O "*T.Tt^\ i f fection of hiRh-class tailoring, at
• fa h I \ vk. * ?27.5O 935 and
O New Style Silk Monte Carlos at J«% Wn
O #10, $12.o<>, $15 V
Noveity Silk Coats at * 1'
g $2O, $22.5O, $25 jMrtixWiJl V
O New Style Box Coats at • • • • • . • • ff[A \Al!/«L 1
g .$10, $12.50, $14* rf{%*EI - l|
| FURS. FURS.
O Electric Seal Capes at ttffflIii\iMn!*\
O $10, $12.50, $15, $17.50 and $2O 'WjtilMBr?*'
® Choice quality at lowest market prices. Pf WFi^
? Fur Jackets, Near Seal, at get h\\ 1
© . . . . "[ .$27.5O, $35 and $5O JJf !/| \
O Misses' and' Childs' Newest Style Autumn Ml] l\\\ )\
% Coats *«.»O to $2O JfoMf y/J J\i\
O 400 New Style Skirts at fiBgf //•/] H^»
O 7 $2.50, $3.50 and $5 wl\ JLr^^
o 1230-1232-1234 Market Street, near Jones.
Qa®®pooQOO®oee83Qpoo9®co««»g©»QO»«g)acosoo+o«Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE. '
Steamer. From. f Dub.
Chico Coquille River .Sept. 13
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma Sept. 13
Coronado San Pedro Bept. U
State Callforn Ban Diego & Way Pts. Sept. 14
Kureka Humboldt Sept. 14
Del Norte..... Crescent City Sept. 14
City Puebla. . . Puget Sound Ports.... Sept. 14
Chaa. Neison.. Seattle : Sept. 14
Corona Humboldt Sept. 14
Tellus Oyster Harbor Sept. 14
W. 11. Kruger. San Pedro Sept. 14
St. Paul Nome via Seattle Sept. 15
G. Dollar Orays Harbor Sept. 15
Rival Willapa Harbor Sept. 13
Nebraskan Honolulu & Kahulut. Sept. 15
Alliance Portland & Way Ports.|Stpt. 15
F. H. Lcggctt. I Portland |Stpt. 15
Bonlta Newport A Way Ports | Sept. 15
Edith Seattle Sept. 16
Ceiuralia San Pedro Sept. 10
North Fork... Humboldt Sept. Hi
Phoenix Mendocino Sept. 10
Rwdondo San Pedro...' Sept. 16
San Pedro Humboldt Sept. 10
S. Barbara.... San Pedrd Sept. 17.
Pomona Humboldt Sept. 17
Columbia Portland & Astoria... Sept. 17
City Sydney.. New York via Panama | Set?'.,, 17
HariUUosa... San Diegto & Way Pts. | Sept. 17
Point Arena. . . Mendocino & Pt. Arena Sept. 17
Arcata Cocs Bay & Pt. Orford. Sept. 17
Argo Eel River Ports Sept. 18
City Peking... China i- Japan Sept. ID
Umatllla Puget bound Ports.. .. Sept. 13
Coos Pay San Pedro & Way Pts. Sept. ly
Luxor Seattle Sept. 20
J. Dollar battle & Tacoma Sept. 21
Newburg Grays Harbor Sept. 21
Alameda...... Honolulu ....f Sept. 22
G. W. EMer.. . Vortland & Astoria.... Sept. 22
Newport New York via Panama. Sept. 2a
TO SAIL.
Steamer. | Destination. | Saila.l Pier.
September 13. | |
Nevadan... Hono. ~& KahuluL.I 3 pmlPier 23
Claverlng... China & Japan.... 2 pmlPier 23
Phoenix Mendocino City .. -1 pm|Pler IS
Pomona.... Humboldt . 1:30 p Pier 9
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
S. Rosa San Diego &.Way. 0 am Pier 10
September 14.
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Iaqua Humboldt 2 pm Pier 2
Acme...... Sluslaw River 4 pm Pier 2
Arctic Humboldt ...*. 4 pm Pier 10
C. Nelson... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier a
Coos Bay... San Pedrd & 'Way. 9 am Pier IB
September 15.
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
September 10.
Centralla... Grays Harbor :.... 4pm Pier 10
Kan Pedro.. Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
Kureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Alliance.... Portland & W. Pts. 10 am Pier 10
Chlco Coquille River... C pm Pier 2
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier D
September 17.
S. Barbara.. Seattle &. Olympla. 4 pm Pier 2 '
Phoenix.... Mendocino City.... 1 pm Pier 13
State of Cal. San, Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 1»
Sonoma Sydney & W. Pts.. 2 pm Pier 7
September 18.
Argo Eel River Ports. ...j 4 pm Pier 2
Rival Willapa Harbor...! 4 pm Pier 2
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports|ll am Pier 9
Bonlta Newport Way Pts. | 9 am Pier Is)
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 110 am Pier 2
September 10. I
Pt. Arena.. Pomi Arena I 4 pm Pier 2
Arcata..... Coos B.&Pt. Orford 10 am Pier 13
North Fork. Humboldt 8 pm Pier 2
H. K. Maru China k Japan.,... 1 pm Pier 40
Colon N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
September 20.
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Mariposa... Tahiti Direct 11 am Pier 7
F. H. Legge Humboldt' 4 pm Pier 2
September 23.
Umatllla... ¦ Puget Sound Ports. fll am Pier 9
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. Satis.
Oregon....... Nome direct .......... Sept. 13
City Seattle... Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 14
Santa Ana.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Sept 16
Dolphin'. bkagway & Way Ports. Sept; lo
Nome City.... Nome ..."....'......'... Sept.' 20
Portland Nome & St. Michael.. Sept. 20
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports Sept. 20
Valencia Nome Sept., 22
City Topeka. . Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 28
Roanoke Nome & St. 'Michael... Sept. L'S
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographio Office, U. S.. N., Mer
. chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
September 12. "
The time ball on the Ferry building wag
dropped exactly at noon to-day, | i. e..- at noon
of the 120th meridian, or at 8 p. m., 'Greenwich
time. % - f J. C. BURNETT. '¦.--•
Lieutenant. U. S. N..- In chars*.
C.-M. Wooster and J. B. de Jarnett,
representing the Sa.cramento Valley Land
Company, have. bought the Packard ranch
of 6500 acres, lying along: the Sacramento
River, for about $150,000.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Time and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE! — The high and low waters occur at
to Samuel B. Jennings for $3200.
County lands have been sold by the C.
M. Wooster Company as follows:
Ten acres in the Horace Hawes tract at
Redwood City to William Elliott for $3500,
and In the San Martin rancho, Santa Clara
County, 30 acres to F. W. Stevens, 16 1 ,*
acres to 'R. Henboldt and 14 acres to H.
Tuttle of Humboldt County at $100 an
acre.
Sun, Moon. and Tide.
The steamer San Juan sailed yesterday for
Panama and way ports with a general mer
chandise cargo, valued at $75,274, and dis
tributed as follows: For Mexico, $0124; Cen
tral America, $8024; Colombia, $3077; New
York, $53,049; Hamburg, Germany, $4500. The
leading exports were as follows: .
To Mexico — 23 pkgs fresh fruit, 23 crts po
tatoes, 22 cs whlpky, 4<i cs canned goods, 20
pkga groceries and provisions, 192 lbs butter.
2 crts onions, 8 pk£i machinery, 4802 ft lum
ber, 12 pkgs paints and oils, 153 lbs ham and
bacon, 108 lbs cheese, 4000 lbs cement, 8 cs
drugs, 100 lbs spices. »
To Central America— 65S bbls flour, 100 gals
wine, 0 bdls oa», 272 lbs ham and bacon, 20
crts potatoes,' 2 crts onions, XI pkgs paper, C
bdls dry gooda, 3 bales brooms', 10 pkgs paints
and <olls, 37,621 ft lumber, 69U8 railroad ties.
11,166 lbs bluestone, 10 pkgs groceries and
provisions.
To Colombia— 865 bbli flour. 160 crts garlic,
201 crts onions. 111 crts potatoes, 10 pkga
fresh fruit, 20 cs salmon, 4 cs canned goods,
313 gals wine.
To New York — 83,500 gals wine, 54 gais
brandy, 3818 pigs lead, 30 eks horns, 5 pkgs
provisions, 40 bales Junk, 1500 cs salmon, 12,
550 lbs dry hides, 8 cs curios.
To Hamburg, Germany — 71,830 lbs dried
prunes and 37,200 lbs dried apricots.
The San Juan's Cargo.
The British steamer Claverlng was cleared
yesterday for Hcnekong, via Yokohama, Kobe
and Mojl. with the following cartro:
For China — 11,500 bbls flour, 230 pkgs old
glaas, IS bdls brass, 13,403 lbs dried fish, 4o
coils rope, 100 cs soap, ,4030 lbs copper, 2800
iba pearl barley, 30,000 lbs shrimp shells and
(£40 lbs salt flsh, valued at $.",l,.vor».
For Japan — 10 bbls bottled beer, valued at
(100.
Exports for the Orient.
The barkentine S. G. Wilder was cleared
yesterday for Honolulu with an assorted mer
chandise cargo., valued at $23,326. The cargo
Included the following: 500 bbls flour, 1ZJ57
ctls barley, 10,849 lbs bran. 3(KJ8 gals 2 cs
¦wine, 5 cs brandy, 1(1,284 lbs bread, 130 ctls
oats, 434 bales hay, 1518 gala 82 cs whisky,
13 cb liquors, 76 pkgs groceries and provisions,,
480 lbs srlcea, 11.145 lbs beans, 134 ctls corn,
133 ctls wheat, 41.193 lbs middlings, 16 pkes
dry goods, 125 cs canned goods, 161 bxa soap.
2000 lbs 1 cs" tobacco, 2 ca hats, 7 ca paints
and olle, 441.*! pes pipe.
A Cargo" for Honolulu.
The barlcentlne Tropic Bird was cleared yes
t»rfiay for Papeete, Tahiti, with an assorted
merthandlBe cargo, valued at $0223, and in
cluding the following: 675 bbls flour, 437 lbs
sugar, 200 gals wine, 4 pkfrs beer, 26,640 lbs
bread, 11,000 lbs salt, 108 bales hay, 271 lbs
beans, S pkgs notatoes and onions, 1C6 pkgs
Krocerles and provleiops. 7500 lbs rice, 35 ca
10 half-bbls salmon, 2 cs canned goods, 7 cs
mineral, water, 76,1)00 ft lumber,' 1100 gals
gasoline, 100 cs coal oil, 3 pkgs paints and oilb,
.'{ coils rope, 35 pkgs mill work. 60 cs soap, 1'
cs dry goods, 117 pkgs hardware, 13 pkga
nails, 5 cs drugs. 12 cs boots and shoes. 60 cs
dynamite, 15 bales bags.
Merchandise for Tahiti.
Tlie BritUh steamer Yeddo "(now at Port
land) is chtrtered for lumber, thence to Ma
nila
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OP THE OCEAN.
Ship Austrasia Leaking.
The British Fhip Austrasia, bound from
Antwerp for Seattle, has put Into the
Falkland Islands leaking badly. She wirr
bo surveyed as soon aa possible and such
repairs as are found necessary will be
made.
The Pacific Mall Company's steamship
San Juan sailed yesterday for Panama
and way ports. She carried a full cargo
and about a score of passengers. Htf
cargo included 2000 barrels of wine.
San Juan Sails for Panama.
Three ships of the salmon fleet arrived
yesterday from the north. The ship Sea
Witch, twenty-four days from Nushagak,
brought 22,000 cases of salmon. The Sea
TVltch encountered a heavy northwester,
which blew with terrific force throughout
September 9, 10 and 11. High seas made
rough traveling for the ship, and In the
battle a number of sails were blown away
and other damage wrought about the
decks. The ship Lucile, twenty-one days
from Nushagak, brought 31,000 cases and
COO barrels of salmon, and the ship Colum
bia, twenty-three days from Bristol' Bay,
has below her hatches 57,375 cases of
salmon.
Three Salmon Ships Reach Port.
The Kosmos liner Uarda arrived yester
day from Hamburg. She is a new vessel
and is here for tho first time. This is her
second voyage since she was launched.
She broug-ht 6740 ton^ of cargo and two
passengers. Her cargo includes a large
shipment of ore from Chile and 45,549 bags
of nitrate. Her last port of call before
reaching San Francisco was Junin, Chile.
The officers of the Uarda bring word that
the recent murder in Patagonia of an
Englishman, J. Swain by name. The
Uarda's voyage was uneventful. Owing to
the length of time that had elapsed since
she was in port the quarantine inspection
did not detain her long, and the liner
docked at Lombard street wharf early in
the forenoon. Her passengers were R. D.
Hall and T. M. Burnell.
Big- Kosmos Liner Arrives.
Two auction sales are announced by G.
H. Umbsen & Co. The first will take
place to-morrow at 20 Montgomery street.
On Monday, September 21. the following
properties will be sold:
Three holdings of the Mary A. Roberts
estate* at 1821 and 1S33 Ellis street, lot 30x
73 feet, with two dwellings renting for $65
n month; 30x75 feet, and three-story house
lit 1229 Ellis street, renting for $45 a month;
25x125 feet, on the north line of Randell
street, 25 feet west of Dame street;
twelve-room house and lot. 27x120 feet, at
S76 Eddy street; five lots each 27:6x137:6,
on the north Bide of Jackson street, be
tween Hyde and Larkin streets; two lots.
Lot 2SxlC2:6. and flats on the south line
cf Lake street. 30 feet east of 8econd ave
nue 25x100. and dwelling on the southeast
line of London Etreet, 125 feet northeast
of Brazil street; 125x114, and cottage on
the south side of Hill street, 283 feet east
cf Noe street; 29:6x114 fe«t,-with two flats
on the south line of Twenty-flftn street'
175 feet west of Sanchez; 25x110, on the
cast side of Devleadero street, 102 feet
north of Jackson; 25x104:3. on the south
fi!de of Sacramento Etreet. 37:6 east of
Spruce; 25xS2:6. with dwelling, on the east
side of Third avenue, 75 feet south of Lake
street; 23x90:5, and cottage on the south
line of Vulcan street, 274 feet «ast of Juno;
1*5x118 feet, and a cottage, on the north
line of Vulcan street, 28 feet east of Juno
street.
Next Tuesday Easton. Eldridge & Co
will offer at auction the following proper
ties:
Harvey H. Dana will place an elght
etory builfirns; on the southeast corner* of
Stockton street and Union Square avenue
£t an estimated cost of about $100,000.
THEEE CITY AUCTIONS.
Carrie H. Mooney hss bought from
Charles H. Abbott 28:9x137:6 feet on th<»
north !!n<? of Broadway, 108:9 feet west
from Ixiguna street, for $9500. /
Sol Cetz & Son renert the following
sales: East line of Forty-seventh ave
nue. ir>o fwt south of II street. 23x130, for
JM» to C. D. Humphrey; southeast cor
r.er of I street sr.d Thirty-sixth avenue
r:CslOO. for l\'Ji to Charles S. Wheeler :
r-ast line of Ninth avenue, 123 feet south
at Clement street, to A. ICelly, 25x120; east
»~<» of Forty-seventh avenue, 2*5* feet
south of H street. 25x120, for $S00 to L. C
Wlssltt*; west l!ne of Twentieth avenue'
1£5 feet 5outh cf J street, 25x120. with im
provements, for $700 to S. J. Swift; north
ssde of I street, E7:6 feet east of Forty
eighth avenue, 25x100. for $750 to M Gash
weller; south line of J Etreet. 676 /feet
*ast of Tenth avenue, 25x100, for $1000 to
T. Renfro.
Mrs. Lewis Gerttle will erect a colonial
residence, two stories high, on the north
line of Pacific avenue, between Steiner
ar.d Fill more streets.
Paul Bancroft has bought the lot on
Flitter street. C4xlW feet, adjoining the
St. Dunstans Hotel and an addition, seven
stories high v.ill be constructed to give
St. Dur.stans Z7Z rooms.
The following sales have been made by
David Bush & Son: Kstate of Mary Green
to E. N. Learn, lot 25x70 feet and flats on
the west side of Mofs street, between
Howard and Folsom, $5650; c. J. Ellis to
E. SC. Lrfiach. lot Mxl20 feet ard a new
house on the east side of Seventh avenue,
between A and B streets. J4S00; lot 29:6x
327:S'i on the south line of Jackson street
117:9 fert west of Maple, from O. P. John
won to B. B. Low. $32.'Q: F. B. South worth
to Mrs. Rainsbury, house and lot 25x100
feet, on the west side of Fifth avenue
north of Lake etreet. J^OOO.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. report the follow
ing recent sal<-s: The Cogan estate to L..
P. Kerner, 22x117 :C feet, with improve
ments, on the south line of California.
street, €S f^et east of Leavenworth, for
17000; D. K. Hall to W. Wertsch, lot 23x
300 feet <>n the east line of Fillmorc street,
feet north of Oak, fJW); S. B. Mertes
to H. Petry, iot 40x100 feet on the north
line of Nineteenth. s=tre<>t, east of Dolores,
JI750; the Hiberr.ia Savings and L*>an So
ciety to Oscar Heyman. lot 101:6x105 feet
on the southeast corner of Day and Xoe
streets, $2000; , James Coghlan to Hugh
Masorty, Zoi 24:jX*0 feet, with improve
ments, on the southeast Aimer of San
daes and Seventeenth struts, J6750;. the
Pedruzz! estate to W. Greeg, lot 25x75 feet
and Improvements on the southwest line
of Vassar place. 123 feet southeast of
Harrison street, tZidj; John H. Brown to
Carl Schmidt. r.(htl2i feet on tho eaat line
of Howard street. HO feet south of Four
teenth, $2,^0; E. H. Parry to Oscar Hey
man, lots 49 and 51 in the Park Lane
tract, with improvements.' $2150; D. A.
Twigg to M. Freldman, iot 25xS0 feet on
the southwest line of Madison avenue, 275
leet southeast of Harrison street, $S300,
nnd Mrs. E. Duane to James Coughlaa,
lot 24:CxS3 feet, and improvements, on the
southeast coiner of Sanchez and Seven
teenth streets, $5100.
The estate of P. F. Bergerot has sold to
E. C. Chapman 43:7x137:6 feet on the' west
line of Stockton street, 137:6 feet north
from Pine, for $11,0(0.
Thomas Mapee & Sons have sold 80x90
feet on the southeast line of Minna
streef; L'23 feet northr-ast from Second,
with old buildings, for the Greenwood
Kstate Company to Henry K. Bothin for
tJT.'.Km. Tli^ same firm has also sold lot
5 l4 xl37:C fret on the east line of Masonic
avenue, 100 feet north from Page street,
with two-story house, for Mrs. H. B.
Crocker, for tltti.
Guy T. Wayman has bought for a client
from Calvin E. Knickerbocker and John
V. Barker lot 3."xia-1 feet on the south line
of Turk street. C5 feet eaut from Gough,
and running through to Elm avenue, for
$39Ai>. On the site a four-story apart
ment house will be erected. Guy T. Way
man has also sold jf<x.1'4) feet on the east
line of Polk, street, £7:t> feet south from
Valiejo. for Mrs. Morton to Frank H.
KOdaS lor 14500.
Baldwin & llowell have sold for John
Nightinsa!? to Albert M«-yer. the banker,
Punsft district block CS2, along the H-
Ktreet frontage of CJoldon Gate Park and
on Twenty-first avenue. Meyer will grade
the block for residences and It will be
sold In lotp by Baldwin, Uoweil & Co.
John Dougherty has *o!d to the Metro
politan Improvement Company seventy
Jots, ccmprlsinp four and a half acres,
in the O Neil & Haley tract in South
San Frar.cisco, in blocks 172, 178 and 215,
<n Isiais Channel, between T street South
and Kignth avenue South, on private
ter%is.
CorneMus D. O'Sullivan has bought
from the United Railroads Company,
through the agency of Thomas Magee &
Sons, thr Gfty-vara lot at the northeast
<orn#» of Po!k and Pacific streets for
J40.000.
Eerton, Eidrldge & Co. have bought
for a client 25x100 feet and three flats on
the north line of McAllister street. 60 feet
from Baker, from William Ambrose for
HMOS. The present rentals are J10SO per
year.
The realty transactions of the past week
include none of sensational Interest, but
th© volume cf business ha« been large
and the prices obtained have been good.
Deals in country lands are reported by
f<*veral agencies.
An excursion will be run to Willits, the
terminus of the California Northwestern
Railway, on Sunday, September 20. The
object is to show the lots for sale in. the
northwestern addition to the town, which
have been placed In the hands of the
Burnham & Marsh Company. The street3
have been graded, curbed and sewered
and Water mains have been laid therein.
Water from the neighboring mountains
furnishes electric light and power. The
announcement Is made that to ajl persons
who go on this excursion and purchase a
lot within thirty days thereof the Burn
ham & Marsh Company will refund the
fare paid, which will be $3 for the round
trip. Boat will depart from TIburon fer
ry, foot of Market street, at 7:30 a. m.,
i Sunday, September 20. On the return the
train will leave Willits at 4 p. m. TickeU
on sale by Burnham & Mash Company,
211 Montgomery street, and 650 Market
/street, commencing Monday, September
14. Each ticket sold Insures a seat
Chatfield & Vinzent report sales of
country lands as follows:
Tract of 1C2 acres of stock and . grain
| land near Guernevllle, Sonoma County,
I from W. B. Carrouther to R. S. Stockers
! for $15,340; 800 acres of stock and meadow
1 land near Valley Springs, Calaveras Coun
! ty. from J. F. Ferregus to Robert W.
I Starlint for $16,000; 87»4 acres of orchard
and grain land near Monticello, Napa
County, from Jerome Carrean to A. S.'
I/Peabody lor $8775, and 22 acres of orchard
j with Improvements near Gllroy, Santa
I Clara County, from Frederic F. Mitchell
COUUTBY PROPERTY.
Old People's Home property on the
northwest corner of Stockton and Chest
nut streets, 80x137:6 feet, for $8000; Bouth
west corner of Potrero avenue and Twen
ty-fifth street. 100x140 feet, with cottage,
to Aaroj Miller for "Wiiiiam T... Murphy
for $3000.
Mrs. Esther M. Wilson, *at a cost of
$35,000, will erect a four-story and base
ment frame apartment house at Broder
lck street and Pacific avenue.
each 25x80 feet, 'on the west line of 111s
eipn street, between Eighteenth and Nine
teenth streets; 27xl27:S\4, and residence at
242" Green street: northeast corner of
Thirteenth and Isla streets, 50x80 feet,
with improvements; adjoining properties
on the southwest corner of Harrison and
First streets, and at 410 to 416 First street,
lots 43x100 and 75x73 feet." with five flats,
on the corner and four flats on First
street; 25x100. with two flats, at 3755 and
S737 Seventeenth street; 25x80, and ten new
flats, on the southwest corner of Bryant
and EUery streets, four building lots on
the east line of Noe street, 200:5 feet north
of Market street.
Additional sales hy Thomas Magee &
Sons include the following:
Trading in bonds displayed little feature
of Interest. United States new 4's ad
vanced \i per cent and the 2's -li per cent,
as compared with the closing call of last
week.
At home the financial situation Is ap
parently viewed with calmness. There Is
an abundance of money for mercantile
end similar purposes, but the banks con
tinue to show extreme conservatism
where money is wanted for stock market
purposes. Reports that Secretary Shaw
will discriminate against banks retiring
their currency find new believers. In
this connection it is to be noted, how
ever, that the applications of banks for
the retirement of circulation still come
In large numbers, the limit for this month
having been already exhausted.
Coal trade conditions are exciting some
Interest by reason of the apparent Inten
tion of the eo^l carrying railroads to re
strict production. Indeed, it has already
been announced that the anthracite ton
nage in the future is not to exceed the
demand.
BANKERS ABE CAUTIOUS,
According to estimates of the Govern
ment's own experts, the crop reports
show an increase of something like $150,
000,900 in the mnrket value of six, import
ant items, notwithstanding a decrease of
other crops of lesser importance. In keep
ing with this exhibit Is the latest Gov
ernment crop contrasting the extent and
volume of this country's foreign trade for
this year and that of ten, years past. The
figures show an increase on the export
side for the period named of ' 5577 ,000,000,
as against an increase of Imports for the
same period of $159,000,000. Despite thia
marvelous growth, foreign critics con
tinue to remind us that our accounts are
still on the debit side, to which they were
transferred when our speculative fever
was at its height.
The most depressing feature of the
week was the depression of the steel
shares. The recent reduction in the price
vf Southern pig iron naturally served to
militate against the Steel and Iron stocks
generally, added to which it is admitted
that orders in almost all branches of the
trado show a falling off.
The week's business was probably the
lightest of the year, the total transac
tions barely aggregating as much as a
single day's operations in the bull cam
paign In 1902. In fact, dullness was the
chief characteristic of the market, which
from Tuesday's opening until to-day's
Hosing' bore frequent- evidence of flagrant
manipulation by the professional element.
The resumption of business after the
triple holiday brought no demand for
stocks, although the attitude of London
and the Continent generally was friendly.
Some comfort was derived from the fact
that the excels reserves of the Asso
ciated Banks, In face of a further drain
age upon their holdings, is well over $15,
000.000. as compared with about $700,000
this lime last year.
WEEK'S BUSINESS LIGHT.
XEW YORK,* Sept. 12.— Trading during
to-day's brief seesion of the stock merket
was so lifht and otherwise commonplace
aa to call for little comment. Only slight
response was made to the London market,
which reported better prices for our se
curities, and particularly the Pacifies and
grangers, the features over there being
Union Pacific and St. Paul. Even the
steel stocks were bought abroad. ' The
exchange was very small, and from th«
outset here the market was narrow and
Irregular, early tones showing advances
and declines in about equal proportion.
St. Paul alone exhibited firmness at the
opening, although an easier tone was
shown by such issues aa Pennsylvania
axid Reading. The first transaction in
United States Steel common was at a
slight advance, which was soon lost, while
the preferred was altogether neglected.
Atchison, the feature of the week as to
activity and strength, opened down and
sustained a material net loss.
Before the end of the first hour the
market became so listless that it could
scarcely be said to have either tendency
or tone. The -bank statement, with a loss
of cash almost three times as large as
had been predicted, together with a fur
ther expansion of the loan contraction,
brought increased weakness all around,
the chief sufferer being Brooklyn Rapid
Transit, which made an extreme decline
of 2 B i in spite of a moderate Increase of
net income over the previous year. The
list closed weak.
Dullness the Chief Charac
teristic of the Stook
Market.
Three Auctions Announced
With Long Lists of
Offerings.
New Owners Take Up
City and Also Country
Holdinga
Year's Record for Lack
of Transactions
On 'Change.
Oceanic Steamship Company's Liner Mariposa Arrives
From the South Seas, Spotless as a Well-Kept
Yacht, With Twenty-Nine Passengers and Full Cargo
TUB Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Mariposa arrived yesterday
afternoon from Tahiti with twen
ty-nine passengers and a cargo of
— tropical products. As has been
the case ever since she commenced to use
liquid fuel, the Mariposa came Into port
with her decks and paintwork guiltless of
smear or 'smudge and In general looking
more like a well-kept-up private yacht
than a vessel engaged in commercial
transportation.
C. X. Fulcher, formerly purser on the
Mariposa, came up on the Mariposa with
his wife and family. Fulcher has been
engaged in business in the South Seas
since he left the service of the Oceanic
Steamship Company. The Mariposa's car
go included 110,218 cocoanuts, a large ship,
ment of copra and ninety-eight barrels of
wine. Her passengers were as follows:
Dr. G. J. I-uce, Captain G. W. Sutton, J.
Chetwood. G. H. He'.lman, G. T. .Wright,
F. W. McDanlel, C. N. Fulcher, Mrs. C.
X. Fulcher, Miss M. Fulcher, Master C.
N. Fnlcher, P. Chaze, A. Mpssiu, Mrs. A.
Masslu, F. Masslu, M. Massiu, Miss B.
Massiu, J. E. Allen, J. S. Jones, O. W.
Earl. Quan Tong, C. Wilson, J. Peterson,
E. Fisher, James Brown, Vong Kuk Cho,
R. Kanaehina, E. . Poullaries, C. Hen
derlckHon and R. Akagi.
TOTAL OF SALES
IS VERY LARGE
WALL STREET'S
LIGHTEST WEEK
LINEN OUTFIT
OF OCEAN LINERS
DUNE SOCIETY
OF BIG BRINY
Big Steamships Carry
Enormous Stock of
Dry Goods.
Stewards on South Sea
Liners Members of
Fraternity.
Fifty Thousand Piecas Are
Necessary for a Trip
Supply.
Corks Are Their Tokens and
"Bung Up" Is Their
Passwords.
•IS'EW KOSMOS LINER URDA THAT ARRIVED -YESTERDAY FROM
HAMBURG AND CHILE WITH A VALUABLE CARGO OF ORES AND
XITRATE IX HER HOLDS. • (
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height of
tide is the same at both places.
SUNDAY. SEPTEMBER 13.
Sun rises £;«»
Sun sets • • • ¦ ~ '
Moon rises 10:30 p. m.
C ITlme Time JTlme| Time
S Ft. Ft. ( 1 Ft. Ft.
J |H W L W JH W| % L W
13 I 4:.*i iTl 9:2&l 2.71 3:41) 6.2 10:46 0.6
14 5:52 4.1 1O::J8| 2.»| 4:43| 6.2 11:54 0.4
15 7:O7 4.3111:55 2.9 5:oO| 5.-J
L, W II W L Wl H W|
16 0:5S O.2[ 8:08 4.5 1:05 2.8 7:ff'.| 8.3
17 1:54 0.1 8:57 4.81 2:0G 2.4 8:12| 5.t
18 2:45 0.0 9:40 5.1| 3:00 2.0 0:15 5.fl
10 3:32 0.0 10:-0| 5.4| 3:51 1.5 10:14 5.7
NOTE — In the above exposition of the-' tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column jives tho last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
Eometimea occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United Statea
Coast Survey charts, except when the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters. •
Aug 29. lat 15 N. Ion 25 W, Fr bark Ed
mond Rostand, from Shields, for San Fran
cisco^ ¦ •
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Sept 12, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 28 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
REDONDO— Arrived Sept 12— Stmr South
Bay, from Santa Barbara.
Sailed i Sept 12 — Stmr Noyo, for San Fran
clsco; stmr*.£outh Bay, for San Pedro.
. Arrived Sept 12— Schr Mary Dodge, from
Eureka.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Sept 12 — Stmr Asun
cion, hence Sept 10; stmr South Bay, from Re
dondo. ¦ *
Sailed Sect 12 — Stmr Asuncion, for San
Francisco: atrr.r Samoa, for San Franclaeo;
etmr W H Kruger, for San Francisco; schr
Fred JWood, for Gray.* Harbor: schr Wins
low, for Port Townsend; schr Sadie, for Ump
8AN EIEGO — Sailed Sept 12— Br ship Van
duara. for ¦ Puget Sound.
UMPQUA— Arrived Sept 10— Stmr San Ga
briel, hence Sept 7.
NUSHAGAK— To «ail Aug 27— Barks Hima
laya and Coalinga.
SEATTLE — Arrived Sept 12— Stmr- Santa
Ana. from Skagway. Sept 11 — Stmr Umatllla,
hence Sept 8..
Sailed Sept 11— Stmr Umatilla, for Skag
way.
Armed Sept 12— Stmr Tamplco. from Skagr
way.
Sailed Sept 12— Stmr Al-Ki, for Skasway.
PORT HADLOCK — Sailed Sept 12 — Stmr
Lakme, for San Francisco. ¦ '
COOS BAY — Arrived Sept 12 — Stmr Alliance,
from Astoria, for San Francisco.
ALBION— Arrived Sept 12^-Stmr Navarro,
from Westport: «tmr Greenwood, hence Sept 11.
ASTORIA— Arrived Sept 12— Stmr Himer.
from Dutch Harbor; Br »tmr Yeddo. from Port
Townsend; stmr Columbia, hence Sept 10.
POUT LOS ANGELES — Arrived Sept 12^ —
Stmr Santa Barbara, hence Sent 10.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Sept 13— Stmr Na
tional City, from San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Sept 12— Ital
ahlp Herat, from Honolulu.
Passed In Sept 12 — Strar Tampico, from
Shipping Intelligence.
• ARRIVED.
Saturday, September 12.
Stmr Mandalay, Payne, 35 hours from Cres
cent City: bound south; put in to land pab
«en*ere.
Stmr Cooa Bay. Nlcolson, 68 hours from San
Pedro and way ports.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall. 60U hours from
rortland, via Astoria 44tf hours."
Stmr Prentlss. Ahlatrom, 17 houn from
Hardy Creek; bound south; put in to land
passengers.
Stmr Santa Crui, Glelow, 12 hours from
More Landing.
Stmr Santa Monica, Olsen, 45 hours from.
Redondo. ,
Stmr MarlDOsa. Rennle, 11 days 23 hours 9
minutes from Tahiti.
Stmr Ruth. Reed, 40 hours from San Pedro.
Stmr Arctic, Reiner, 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Jlinnoia, Klrkwood, 00 hours from Ta
coma. •
Ger stmr UarcSa, Peteraen, 125 days from
Hamburg, etc. »
Ship Luclle, Anderson, 21 days from Nusha
wk. ...
Ship Sea Witch, MacLochlan. 2-1 days from
Nushagak.
Ship ' Columbia, I.leblc, 23 days from Bris
tol Bay. \
Hark Carondelet, Doyle, 16 flays from Prince
William Sound.
Scbr Defender, Helllngsen, 22 days from
Hondlpu.
Schr Lettltla, Flesher, S days from Grays
Harbor. •
CLEARED.
| Saturday, September 12. .
Stmr San Juan, Urry, Panama, etc; Pacific
Mall Steamship Co.
Stmr Nevadan, Weeden, Honolulu and Ki
hulul; Williams, Dlmond 8c Co.
Stmr Queen. Couelns. Victoria, eto; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.
Stmr Coob Bay, Xlcolson, San Pedro; Pacific
Coast. Steamship Co.
Stmr South Portland, Mclntyre, Portland;
W S Seammell.
Br stmr Wyefleld, Watson, Xanatmo; West
ern Fuel ' Co.
Br Ktmr Clav»rlnc Barton, Hongkong; China
Commercial Co.
Bkln Trorlc Bird, Jackson, Tahiti; J Plnet
& Co. . -
Bktn S Q Wilder. Jackson, Honolulu; Wil
liams,'Dlmond & Co.
6AILED.
. ' Saturday, September 12.
Stifr.San Pedro, Johnson, Eureka.
Stmr Mandalay, Payne, San Pedro.
Stmr Montara, Reilly, Port Harford.
Stmr San Juan, Urry, Panama.
~ Stmr" Arcata, Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Premiss. AhUtrnm, San Pedro.
Stmr S»n Mateo. Locke. Tacoma.
Etmr Point Arena. Miller. Mendocino.
"Stmr Sequoia, Thompson. Tlllamook Bay.
Stmr Westport. Smith, WeStport.
Stmr Santa Monica, Olsen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, Caspar.
Stmr Newsboy, Adler, Mendocino.
Br etmr Wyefleld, "Watson. Nanaimo.
Br ship Slieve Bawn, Ferguson, Callao, via
Tacoma.
Bktn Skagrlt, Robinson. Port Gamble.
Bktn Tropic Bird, Jackson, Tahiti.
Schr Melancthcn. Stork, Coos Bay.
SPOKEN. »
On© of the problems of the efflclcnt
management of a great ocean lirer is the
ehip'8 linen. There Is the bed linen for
the first and second class passengers and
officers, numbering on a full trip about a
thousand souls. There are towels galora
to be furnished for each stateroom, and
the tablecloths and napkin?, all of wh'ch
must be renewed dally. Moreover, the
quality of linen supplied to a modern
ehlp like the Oceanic or the Cedrlc of tha
White Star line, or the St. Paul or Phil
adelphia of the American line, is the very
best that can be bought in the market,
finer even that that ordinarily supplied
to the patrons of a first-class hotel on
shore.
On a liner this linen is changed every
day. and as there Is no opportunity to
launder the accumulation of stock on
board, the ship must start with a full
supply for the trip and a liberal margin
for emergencies. For instance, the St.
Paul took out on a recent trip soma 50.000
pieces, including 10,000 napkins. 10.000
sheets. 300") pillow slips. 1000 tablecloths,
1000 counterpanes, 8000 bedroom tow%ls and
an astonishing number of dusters, cooks'
cloths, glass cloths, dresser cloths and a
variety of minor pieces known only to th«
cooks and stewards.
This necessitates a mighty linen-room
at each end of the line whence are sup
plied the clean pieces In exchange for tha
soiled ones brought ashore at the end of
each trip. It H estimated that 149 ships
of the International mercantile marine.
as the largest .aggregation of ocean-going
liners in the world, have at their com
mand 4,000.000 to»6,000,000 pieces— a supply
on each ship and an equal supply at eaeh>
end of the line, clean and waiting th«
arrival of the vessel In port. This neces
sitates an army of shore employes, whose
task is to launder this linen, check it oft
and furnish it to the outgoing vessels.
On each ship there is one steward
whose sole care is the linen. lie has this
stored by the thousand pieces in various
linen-rooms below and delivers the re
quired amount to the bedroom and table
stewards, the cooks and scullions, who
come to him daily with the soiled pieces
In their charge and exchange them for an
equal stock of clean. The soiled linen is
dried thoroughly in a drying-room heated
by steam, and stored in bags, which are
sent ashore at the end of the voyage la
New York or Boston, Liverpool, South
ampton or Antwerp as the case may be.
The steerage, or a3 they call It nowa
days, the third class, has its linen depart
ment as well as the first and second class,
but thi3 does not Include bed linen. Tha
immigrants are provided instead ¦with
straw mattresses and stout, comfortable
blankets, which receive equal attention
with the other bedroom supplies at tho
end of each trip, the blankets being thor
oughly washed, boiled and disinfected, ai
well as the mattress covers. The straw
from the latter la also replaced with new
clean straw each trip. Nevertheless there
is much third-class linen, for the third
class passengers now sit at tables cov
ered with white cloths, and the cooks'
department uses supplies similar to thus*
in the first and second class.
Losses of linen on the trip are charged
to the general profit and loss account of
the ship, and are not accounted to either
steward or "passenger. The linen man.
however, takes special care of the nap
kins, which are most easily lost and th«
most costly of the supplies. The table
stewards who come to him for these have
to sign a book for the amount taken and
this Is suppaped to, make them more care
ful In the handling.— New York Times.
Many quaint and curious customs, hu
morous and pathetic, survive among sail
ors, and now and then a new one arises
which seems to have no connection with
the old ones. Just as the Uner has bred
a new type of seaman, and a new sea
faring class— the stewards— so these latter
seem to have established a Neptune "of
their own— a humorous social deity known
as the Grand Worthy Bung, head of the
Society of Bungs.
The Grand Worthy holds court princi
pally in the China and Australia trade,
though members of his court frequently
spend the summer in trips across the
Atlantic, generally on such vessels as sail
from Southampton, whither come the
ships' from the south ar.d east. When
trade is dull on the passenger ships of
the Oriental lines. In summer. It is good
on the trans-Atlantic liners, and stewards
are transferred to them, where the harv
est is greatest. It is only below decks,
however, that the steward puts off his
alert and respectful manner and frolics
with his fellows.
In the seclusion and freedom of the
"glory hole," when the stewards are off
duty, you might see a steward draw a
cork from his pocket, step up ta- another
and cry: "Bung up." Then must the
man addressed produce a similar cork.
If thin badge of membership is lost or
mislaid, the loser Is fined twopence for
the benefit of the treasury of the society.
Then there Is apt to be a chorus of "Bung
up!" from the onlookers, who are also
members, and for each who so addresses
him the unfortunate who has mislaid his
precious token must pay the twopence
fine, up to the s!xth time. After that he
is exempt— until the next time.
That la about all one will see of the
Bung Society on the short Atlantic trips,
but on the longer voyages to India and
China it flourishes to a much greater ex
tent. There, In the forepeak or the "glofy
hole." the Grand Worthy Bune holds
court on frequent evenings* with » quaint
and amusing ceremony. None at these
sessions may address the Grand "Worthy
Bung unless spoken to, under penalty of
twopence; none may enter the lodge with
out the password, and if a member is ad
dressed by the Grand Worthy he must al
ways In replying call him by his full title,
or be mulcted. The penalty for profanity
is a penny a word and for dumb motions
there is a like fine. There are fines a!so
for misappropriating another marts In
signia of membership, for falling asleep
during lodee meeting, for neglecting to
learn passwords or ritual, or for disclos
ing either to another member, and a host
of other things that insure alertness and
loyalty.
The chief steward, though one of the
dignitaries of the ship, generally belongs
to this whimsical society, but it Is not
permitted to "Bung him up," and he is
not subject to the penalties: instead lie
stands a stated assessment of half a sov
ereign. The society is thus not only per
mitted but encouraged. It conduces to
fellowship among the stewards, trains
them to be alert, watchful and respectful
—qualities valued highly In the nrofesgion
—and elves that touch of hunjor ;o'!ife
on shipboard that brightens long hours
and wearying labor. The money -which
accumulates In the treasury Is spent at
intervals In a Jollification ashore, when
the members of the society ar-j able to
attend, and this may take the form of a
dance in London, a picnic up the Hugli
in India, or a chopstlck dinner in soms
Chinese tea garden. — Baltimore American.
The statement shows a fairly gocd baT*
ance, the gain In loans, less loss of cash,'
calling for an Increase of $256,300 In de
posits. One feature was a gain of $327,400
In circulation, following more or less de
creases In previous weeks. The loans are
$8,387,200 In excess of deposits, again? t
$6,2S4,500 In the previous wook. The daily
average of • clearings for the five days
was $153,000,000, while in the week ending
September 5 it was $162,000,000.
The reserve surplus Is $14 A 637.127 greater
than It was a year ago and therefor©
the banks are In a far better position to
meet the season's requirements from the
Interior for crop and for business pur
poses.
NEW YORK, Sept 12.— The Financier
aaya: The chief feature of the statement
of the* New York Associated Banks last
week was the loss of $1,003,500 in cash re
serve, an amount larger by $1,226,600 than
the decrease which was estimated upon
the basis of the traceable movements of
money during the week. The discrepancy
was probably principally caused by largs
unreported withdrawals of money early
In the week, which much more than off
set the later gains due to the return to>
the city of holiday money. The deposits
were increased only $64,300, malting th©
reserve requirements $16,075 more; adding
this sum to the loss of cash made $1,924.
775. as the decrease in surplus reserve,
which now is $13,372,200. Computed upon
the basis of deposits, less those of $37.
285,900 of public funds, the surplus is $21.
693,675. The loans were increased $2,617,
000, or $S62,700 more than in the previous
week. •'. i .f.;
Financial Concerns in Good Condi tioa
to Meet Season's Re
quirements.
WEEKLY BANK STATEMENT.
The "Stocking" Room.
The National Bank of Commerce of
Kansas City is one of the foremost fi
nancial institutions of the Far West.
Capital, $1,000,000; surplus. $1,000,000; undi
vided profits, $550,000; deposits $33,000,000.
Following the example of our Fifth Aven
ue Bank, it Is paying particular attention
to the accounts of the fair sex. Its stock
Is worth $355 a share, and if the women
are allowed to have more to say about
its affairs the price may one of these
days go to $4100, the price of Fifth
Avenue Bank shares. A unique feature is
the "stocking" room. We have heard of
"stock" rooms In financial institutions,
but never before of a "stocking" room.
I do not believe President Algernon Sulli
van Frissell has a "stocking" room In
his bank at No. 530 Fifth avenue.— New
York Press.
Acid by Electricity.
The production of nitric acid by elec
tro-chemical methods Is a new process
that promises extensive changes in our
agriculture. The manufacture of nitric
add from the nitrogen and oxygen of the
air in sufficient quantities for commercial
use has been the dream and hope of sci
entists for years. At Niagara experi
ments have been Conducted successfully
in producing commercial nitric acid by
using a high tension current In an air
chamber, by which a yield of one pound
of nitric acid Is obtained for every seven
horsepower hours.— Exchange.
Skagway, for battle.
Sailed Sept 12— Schr Polaria. for Manila.
GRAY8 HARBOR— Sailed Sept 11— Schr Roy
Somers. for Sail Francisco.
EVERETT— ailed 9fpt 11 — Etmr Eureka, for
Nome.
EASTERN PORT.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Sept 11— Bark
Nuuanu. from Honolulu.
: ; ; ; ; ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Salle-d Sept 11—Bktn Archer,
for San Francisco: U S stmr Thomas, for Ma
nila: bktn Amazon, for Port Townaend; bark
W B Flint, for Makawell.
Arrived Sept 12— Bktn Lahalna, from Xs*
castle. Aue; bktn W H Dlmond. hence Aug 20.
HILO— Arrived Sept 5— Stmr Enterprise,
hence Augr 2fl. .
KAHULUI— Arrived Sept 12— Schr Golden
Shore, from Tacoma.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HAMBURG— In port Aub 27— Dutch ship
Nederlar.d, for Port Loa Anseles.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed Stpt 10— Br bark
InverniU. for San Diego.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Sept 10— Br - »tmr
Tartar, from Vancouver. Prior to Sect 12
Jap stmr Kapi Maru, from Seattle.
Sailed Sept 12 — Br stmr Doric, for San Fran
cisco.
FALMOITTH— Arrived S«pt 12— Ger «hla
Peru, from Oreron, for Liverpool.
STANLEY, F I— Arrived Sept 12— Br «hlp
AuEtrasia, from Antwerp, for Seattle, In dis
tress.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Seat 12— Stmr Pre
toria, for Hamburc. via Plymouth: stmr Mel
saba. for London;. stmr Finland, for Antwerp
stmr EtrurJa. tor . Liverpool;' stmr Furnessla
for Glassow: itrar Callbra, for Naples and
Marseille*: stmr Island, for ChrtstUnla and
Copenhagen.
LXVEKFOOL— Arrived 3ept 13— Stmr Luca
nla. from New York. • uc *
GENOA— Arrived -S«pt 12-Stmr Hohenjol
lern, from New .York.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Sept 12— Stmr An
guate Victoria, from Hamburg, for N«w York-
Btror Philadelphia, from Southampton for
New York. ~ *
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Sept 12— Stmr Cvn
rlc, from Liverpool, for New York
Arrived S«pt 12— Stmr Arabic." from New
York, for Liverpool. .. irom. isew
ANTWERP— Sailed Sept 12— Stmr Kroon
land, for New York. ™ r *- roon 
fo" New^ork!^ *** 12 - Stmr ** Bretajrne.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Sept 12— Stmr Kot
terdam. from New York, via Boulogne
Sailed Sent 12— Stmr Noordam. for New
York, via Boulogne.
LONDON— Sailed Sept 11— Stmr Minneapo
lis, for New, York. •
BRINGS TROPICAL PRODUCTS
FROM THE ISLE OF TAHITI
THE J3AN FKANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13. 1903.
42
THE. CALL'S *
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24,
1903, and air holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested to pre-
sent them immediately, as this
great opportunity to secura one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates will be
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24. -
leading Business college of thjo
. WEST. 24 Pest «t.. Saa FraacUco, Cal.
Established 40 years. - Open entire y»ar.
Writ* for illustrated eatalorua (free).
A POLYTECHNIC
fj'\ Bosiaesa Collee* an l
«£*-*4\ "»^-v School of Er.«in«er-
„ fpSteJ^fywiAT ¦» In*. Oakland. C«l.
£^^j!3'>'Vt«P i a ' J-«rze*t « n <l *>*¦«
dga*?»pSj»^j?f;£J,r «ra!pp«d school pt
B3ya>J< ••"It? r^**n ' *>"*»:>•-** «horthaal
PftSwlfc A A W&PT* ¦ r>d « n £lneertr.g west
Cfl5*L9£A51WtH0filC «* Chicago. Par f set
'Vpfe-M-V»^Aji2&i?5wa c 'i~ a «- expenses low.
c « 5 1 ! a 'lji.*-1E A *T-V r .^r Write tor t rt* 100-
paee catalogue.
ST. JOSEPHS ACADEMY,
PERALTA PARK. BEP.KELET.
Boarding and day school for boys uniier 13 year*
of age. Studies commenc* MONDAY. August \
1302, Send for prospectus to l>ro. Genebraa.
St. Mary's Coiled
OAKLAND, CAL.
Etudiea will b« resumed MONDAT. August X
1903. BRO. ZENONXAN*. PrwifeOI.Lord" Jersey, who Is a man of 58 years,
rich, popular and respected, is principal
proprietor of Child's Bank, a rule of
which establishment is that one partner
should always sleep on the premises. In
addition to this a head clerk is constantly
on duty "keeping offlcership," as It i3
termed, and seven Junior clerks also live
and sleep In the house. Another quaint
relic of past days is the habit of calling
the front of the bank "the shop" and Its
back premises the "counting-house."
Much Is written of the modern business
woman, but she existed as a social factor
nearly a century ago. From 1S0S till 1867
Sarah Countess of Jersey ruled Child's
Bank as head partner, and signed the.
firm's books and shared profits until the
day of her death.— Tlt-BlU.
The Child's Bank.
A private car has recently been built by
the Bethlehem Steel Company for It3 own
use. The company Is supplying some very
large castings for a 12,000-wi forging
press for the Carnegie Steel Company,
and this car 13 for their transportation.
The car has two slxteen-wheel trucks
connected by bridge trusses 6G feet It)
inches long and 6 feet deep at the center.
The distance between the king bolts is 61
feet. The car Is 103 feet lOVi Inches lonj:
over the couplers, 10 feet. ZU inches high
and 9 feet 9 inches wide. It weighs 196,420
pounds and has a rated capacity of 300.00Q
pounds. The largest car hitherto con
structed was probably that used by the
Pennsylvania Railroad for transporting a
Krupp sun to the Columbian Exposition.
It also had thirty-two wheels, but its
rated capacity was somewhat less than
that of the new car.— Exchange.
Largest Railroad Car.
TACOMA, Sept. 12.— WHEAT— Unchanged:
Bluestem. 62c; Club, 79c.
PORTLAND. Sept. 12.— WHEAT — Walla
Walla. 78c; Bluestem, 82c; Valley, 80c.
WASHINGTON. -
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
SEATTLE, Wash.. Sept. 12.— Clearings,
$747,868: balances, $134,805.
TACOMA, Wash.. Sept. 12.— Clearings,
$352,745; balances, $48,158.
PORTLAND, Or.. Sept. 12.— Clearings.
$058,031: balances, $88,215.
SPOKANE. Wash.. 8ept. 12.— Clearings,
$353,514; balances, $41,054.
Northern Business.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
itcniecn 2.100 £7% t>0% oti'/i
The advance In Butter Is maintained, sup
plies being light, but the market, lacks snap.
Quotations are unchanged.
Cheese continues very waak, with supplies
too large for the current consumption.
Eggs are steady and In light supply and
prices sho^ no further change. Stocks of
cold storage and Eastern are being freely
drawn on. which cuts down the demand for
fresh ranch Just so much. -
Receipts were 17,600 lbs Butter, 835 cases
Eggs and 65,500 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery. 29030c for extras and
25fi27%c for seconds; dairy. 21@23c; stora But
ter'. 17 %@19c: cold storage. 24@25c; Eastern,
23024c per lb. .
CHEESE— New, 12®12%c; Young America,
13@14c; Eastern, 15@16c; Western, 14@15c per
lb. • *
EGGS— Ranch, 35®30c for large , white ee-
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 12. — The cotton market
opened firm, unchanged to 5 points higher and
closed steady and quiet, 6@11 points higher.
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Con for money. 89 5-I6(N Y Central 126%
Do acct ......83 7-16 Norfolk & West.. 64%
Anaconda 4V H Do prefd 01
Atcblson 69% Ontario &• West. . 24
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — 1 Mining — ..,*¦ ¦
Call loans 4 ®5| Adventure 5%
Time loans 5%Q6.Allouez 5
Railroads— Amalgamated ... 47^i
Atchison *. 66% j Daly West 40*4
Do prefd 92 Bingham 26%
Boston & Albany.2. r .O Calumet & Hecla.400
Boston & Malne.lfiS Centennial 18%
Boston L . ... — 130 Copper Range Cl'
N Y N H & H..196 . Domin Coal 72
Fitchburg pfd ...1.14 (Franklin ...8%
Union Pacific ... 75% Isle Royale .. . 7
Mex Central 11% Mohawk 41
Miscellaneous — Old Dominion.. ." 8%
Amer Sugar ....115 Oeceola 67
Do prefd 118»4 Parrot ....... 1914
Amer Tel & TeL132%!Qulncy 91
Dominion I & S.. 12%jSanta Fe Copper. 1U
G«n Electric 161 I Tamarack ...... 90
Mass Electric ... 2»«ilTrinlty e T 4
Do prefd 78% United States.... Ifl«
United Fruit .... 100% Utah 27
U S Steel 20%:victoria ' 3%
Do prefd flfl jWinona 7%
Westlngh Common 80% Wolverine ....... 68
BAGS— Grain Bags, 5@5%c; San Quentln.
5 65c; Wool Bags. 32@35c; Fleece Twine. 7%«
8c: Cotton Fruit Bass. 6%c. 0%c and Ttfe for
the' three grades; Brown Jute, «%®7%c.
COAL Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington $8: Seattle. $6 50; Bryant, $6 60; Bea
ver Hill $5 50; Stanford. $7: Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay $5 GO; Greta, $7: Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond $7 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
$14 *>5 In sacks: Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump. $11 00; Cannel. $8 50 per ton;
Coke $11 50W13 per ton in bulk and $15 In
Facks- Rocky Mountain descriptions, $S 45 per
"000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to brand.
OIL— Linseed, 44c for boiled and 42c for raw
in barrels; cases, 5c more; Castor Oil, In eases,
No 1 70c: Bakers' AA, $1 ldgl 12; Lucol, 41c
for'bo'lled and 39c for raw tn barrels; Lard OH,
extra winter strained, barrels. 00c: cases. 95c;
China Nut, 65@70c per gallon : pure Neats
foot, in barrels, 75c; cases, 80c: Sperm, pure.
70c- .Whale* OH, natural white, 50® 55c per gal
lon' Fish Oil, in barrels, 45c; cases, 50c; Co
coanut Oil, in barrels. CSc- for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian.' "sB^BSip*
- COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil in bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil in ca^es, 20%c; . Astral, 20%c:
Star, 20%c: Extra - Star. 24%c: Elaine. 2tS%c;
Eocene, 23%c; deodorized Stove Gasoline. In
bulk 17c; In cases. 23%c: Benzine, In bulk.
13c- •' In ' cases. 19%c: 86-degree Gasoline, in
bulk 21c; in cases. 27%c.
General Merchandise.
NEW YORK, Sept. 12. — No Important de
velopments appeared in any of the metal mar
kets to-day, the usual quiet Saturday business,
being transacted, with yesterday's quotations
pretty generally ruling. Tin was steady at
$27 20Q27 35. '
Copper— Dull ; lake, $13 75; electrolytic,
$13 62%<S18 75: casting, $13 37%@13 50.
Spelter — Quiet and unchanged at $6.
Lead— Firm at $4 37%.
Iron — Weak and nominal. Prices not quota
bly changed.
Nezv York Metal Market.
Poultry closed the week firm with the mar
ket bare. During the' week 4 cars ot Western
were marketed and the receipts of California
were liberal, but* the demand was good and
prices were steady throughout. A car of West
ern Is scheduled for to-morrows market.
There -were moderate . . -eipts of Game and
good quality offerings found ready sale. A con
siderable portion of the receipts came to hand
In bad condition and had to be dumped. .Doves
are scarce, as the bag-limit law prohibits the
marketing of any large quantity.
POULTRY — Youns Turkeys, nominal;
Geese, per pair. $150: Goslings," $1 5o@2;
Ducks, $3 50«y4 50 per dozen for old and $4®5
for yoting; Hens, $4 50@5 50; young Roost
ers. $5©8; old Roosters, $4 60^5; Fryers,
$3 50®4 60; .Broilers, $3®3 60 for large and
$2 50®3 for small; Pigeons, $1 50 per dozen
for old and $1 60@l 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Rabbits, $1 25*51 75 per dozen:
Hare, $1®1 25; Wild Doves, 75c@$l per
dozen. ¦; > <->;.;-<--i. .
Poultry and Game.
CATTLE— Receipts, 3000; Texans, steady;
good to prime steers. $5 fkK?*? 15; poor to me
dium, $4'§3 75; stockers and feeders, $2 50®
4 15; cows, ?4 10®4 60; heifers, $2®5; ean
nera, $1 50£2 75; bulls, $2@5 20; calves,
*:: lOfiO 80; Texas fed steers, $3 25@4 65;
Western steers, $3 25ff4 50.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 12,000; Monday,
30,000; 15^[20c lower; mixed and butchers,
$5 40@0 10; good to choice heavy, $5 70<&'B;
rough heavy, *5 S0«T5 40; light, $5 65@5 75;
bulk of sales, $5 60@5 80. m
SHEEP— Receipts. 2000; sheep, steady;
Iambs, steady; good to choice wetherp, $:50
3 G5; fcir to choice mixed. ?2#3; Western
sheep, $2 15@3 70: native lambs, $3 50@5 60;
Western lambs. $5®5 25. "
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
oer cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE-«-Steers. «®9c: Cows and heifers.
7(S8c thin Cows, 4®3c per lb. ' .
CALVES— 4@5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 3%@4c; Ewes. 3Q3%c per
lb (gross weight). '
LAMBS — $2 75®3 per head.
jjOGS Live Hogs. 150 to 250 lbs. 6c; under
150 lbs 5V'©5Tic; Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars,
50 'per cent oft. and Stags. 40 per cent oft from
above quotation*.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
af BEEF— CS7c" for Steers and 5®Gc per lb
°VEAL-^Large. 6%@8%c; small. 9@10c per
Wethers. 7%®S%c; Ewes, 7@Sc
P6 LAMB — 9©10c per lb. ---'..».' .
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 8K®9Vie per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Everything remains as before quoted, with
plenty of livestock coming In to satisfy the
demand. DHESSKD MEATS.
Meat Market.
Wheat — Sept. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 20 80 21 05
Closing 20 85 2100
Flour —
Opening 29 50 28 00
Closing 29 45 28 00
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Oct. Dec.
Opening 6 5 6 5>4 6 5%
Clo3ing .65 6 5Vi 65%
Foreign Futures.
Adams Con ... 10 Ontario 4 75
Alice 17 Ophir 1 C5
Breece 15 Hhocnix OS
Brunswick Con.. 03 Potosi ... 24
Comntork Tun .. 07%:Ravage 20
Ccn Cal & Va..l 50 jSierra Nevada.. «*2
Hern Silver ...1 30 Small Hoses ... 20
Leadvllle Con ..<>2 Standard ... ...2 00
Little Chief .... (Hi I
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
rrarket was firm; creameries, 15®20c; dairies,
13§17%e. Kggs, steady, 17iglSc. Cheese,
firm, 10Sll!4c
POWDER. I
Giant .. 63 C5%fVlgorit — 5»i
SUGAR.
liana P Co. — — Kllauea S C — —
Hawaiian C. 44% 45 Makawell C. 22% —
Honokaa S C 13 — Orfomea S C. 30 —
Hutch S P C 13 " — Paauhau S C 16 16}J
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.152 15* | Oceanic S Co — —
Cal Fruit As. 91»i «5 Pac A F A. . 2% —
Cal Wine As. 90% 97%|Pac C Borx.167 —
/Mornin- Session.
Board —
25 Presidio K R 39 50
5 S F Gaa & Electric Co 69 87%
5 S F Gas & Electric Co 60 75
10 Trust Cert (S F O & E) 69 00
$3000 Contra Costa Water bonds ICO 50.
Street —
$3000 S P ot Arizona (1010) 109 50
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil stock — Bid. Asked.
Caribou Oil Co 1 05 1 10
Four Oil .,..¦ 70
Hanford Oil 130 00 134 00
I Home Oil .....' S5 90
I Imperial Oil 19 Ort
i Independence Oil : 17 IS
i Junction Oil 20 21
Kern Oil 5 50
Lion Oil 03 04
Monte Cristo Oil 77 ',i 80
Monarch Oil W ....
Oil City Petroleum 28 30
Peerless Oil 13 50
Reed Crude Oil 41 ....
San Joaquln Oil 5 50 ....
: Sterling Oil 2 «
Thirty-Three Oil 7 00 8 00
Twenty-Eight Oil 4 20
Union Oil 6» 00
United Petroleum 100 00
West Shore Oil 3 00 a 25
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & lma 1 20 1 45
Alameda Sugar 29 00
American Biscuit 88 00 ' 95 00
American District Tel ....
Bay Counties Power. ....
Cal Central Ctis & Electric ....
Cai Cotton Mills S8 00
Cal Jockey Club 105 00
Cal Powder ••••
Cal Shipping Co 23 00
Cal Title Ins and Trust- 130 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland.... 60 00
Chutes Company 850
City and County Bank
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 6 50
Eastern Dynamite ....
-Ewa Sufcar Plantation .... ....
Gas Consumers' Assn 22 50
Honolulu Suear 18 00
London and S F Bank (Ltd) ....
Mercantile Trust
Northern Cal Power 8 50 0 60
Nevada National Bank ....
North Shore Railroad 9 00
Orpheum Company 15 00
Pacific States Tel & Tel 122 50
Parafnne Paint 33 00
Postal Device and Imp ....
San Francisco Drydock 47 00 ....
Sausallto Land and Ferry... 16 W ....
Sperry Flour Company ..'... 27 50 30 00
Standard Electric 18 00
Truckee Electric 13 25 IB 00
Union Sugar 22 30 ....
United Gas and Electric 34 50 ....
Western Fish Co ....
Tesla Coal 32 50
SALES.
Mornlnr Session.
Board —
300 Monarch Oil 55
2000 Sovereign Oil as
200 Home Oil 87%
200 Home Oil. s 30 87%
1000 Lion Oil 04
Street — • •
100 Home OH. s 60 83
400 Caribou Oil 1 10
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the Rales on the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange board yesterday: •
Mornlnj . Session.
1000 Alpha 11 1C0 Mexican 1 15
10O Andes 1« 100 Mexican 1 n
500 Andes 17 200' Ophir 185
20O Belcher 31 50 Potosl 24
200 Caledonia ... 94 600 Seg Belcher >. IS
200 Con Cal & Va.l 65 100 Sierra Nevada K)
lOCd Con Imperial. 03 200 Sierra Nevada 70
2C0 Con N X.... 19 1 100 Sliver Hill... 11
- TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
Second Feet.
DATE. 1
1902. 1903.
August 30 15
August 31. ............... 7 ......
September 1 15 . ......
September 2 113 ......
September 3 SCO ......
September 4. ............. 115 ......
September 5 115
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
Second Feet.
DATE. .
1902. 1903.
August "0 820 3C0
August 31 SCO 360
September 1 * 360 3fi0
September 2 320 36O
September 3 32O 26O
September 4 32O 3M0
September 5 32O 400
TULE RIVER NEAR PORTERVILLE.
~ ~~ Second Feet.
DATE.
I". 1902. 1003.
August 30 19 13
August 31 IS 13
September 1 " '•¦
September 2 - 1» I-'-
September 3 10 t;
September 4 16 !•'•
September .5....... .'. 1« 13
Articles — Receipts. Shipmentfe.
Flour, barrels 22,108 11,310
Wheat, bushels 131,610 ll'J.050
Corn, bushels B51.S00 045. ISO
oats, bushels 203,450 97. 70S
Itye. bushels 3.800 . 930
Barley, bushels C7.1G0 15.&40
VEGETABLES — Green Corn, 75c(J?$l 50 per
sack; crates from Alameda, $1@1 75; from
Berkeley, 75c©$l 25; Green Peas. 2@3c per lb;
String Beans, 2%(ff.'!c per lb; Wax. 2%@:ic;
Lima Beans. 75c© $1 25 per sack: Tomatoes,
!!0©tiOc per box for river and 30®(i5c for bay:
fcunimer Squash, 25@40c per box; Cabbage, 75@
85c pei ctl; Carrots. 75c per sack; Cucumber*
25<g40c per box; Pickle Cucumbers, 3®3y. c for
No. 1 and 1©2%c per lb for others; Garl!cr2ff:tc
per lb; Green Peppers. 250>4Oc per box or sack'
Green Okra. 35<350c per box; Egg Plant, 40*»)
50c per box; Marrowfat Squash, $10@12 per
ton.
Conditions in the vegetable market showed
little change from the previous report, stock
of all kinds being ample and the demand about
as usual. Green PepperB ' moved off better
than for some time past under a steady in
quiry for shipment North, but stocks were
too heavy to admit of any advance in prices.
Tomatoes arrived freely and were weaker, with
the canners buying the bay article at the. min
imum rate. Occasional lots sold at a pre
mium over the quotations, but the general
run of supplies sold within the quoted range.
Green Corn 'and String Beans were in good de
mand and steady. The other vegetables were
unchanged.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, 60c@
$1 per ctl, with some fancy higher: Salinas
Burbanks, $101 50 per ctl: River Reds, SOcSJ
$1 per ctl:. Sweet Potatoes, $1 50@2 per ctl
ONIONS — 5O(gC5c per ctl. -
Stocks of Potatoes are heavy and dealers
generally report a quiet market with the de
mand for local consumption light and con
fined chiefly to strictly fancy Btock. The out
lcok for shipping is rather gloomy, ias the South
and Middle West markets are being supplied
from outside points r.nd prices here are too
high to admit of profitable shipping. Sweet
Potatoes are offering freely and sell off well.
Fancy Onions are steady," but common and In
ferior offerings are plentiful and dull.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Everything remains as before. Hops being
very firm. Wool tied up by the strike and
Hidea and Tallow easy.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy Baited
Steers, Q%c; medium. S%c; light. Sc; Cow
Hides, 8c for heavy and 8c for light:
Stags, fie: Salted Kip. 8%c; Salted Veal, 9%c:
Salted Calf, 10c: dry Hides. 15@15%c: dry Kip,
13c; dry Calf. 17c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25'tf
30c each: short wool, 40@50c each: medium, 70
©t)Oc; long wool/ $1@1 50 each; Horse Hides,
salt $2 75 for large and $2@2 50 for medium.
$1 2o«l 73 for small an. I 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 50 for me
dium. $1@1 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican, 32%c; dry salted
Mexican. 26c; dry Central American, 32%c.
Goat Skins— Prime Angoras. 75c; large and
smooth 50c; medium, 35c: small, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%®4&c per lb;
No. 2. 4®4Vic; grease. 2%©3c.
WOOL Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs'. 1V?>
12c Foothill. 1Ci312c: Middle County, ll«13c.
Quotations for spring clip are as follows:
Humboldt and Mendoclno. l«@20c; Nevada. 13
@15c; Valley Or*gon, An^._ lSfc'lOc; do, medium.
1701 Sc: do. coarse. lfi(817c per lb.
HOPS— 20<&25c per lb for both 1902 and 1903.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
quiet; No. 2 red wheat, 79%(g'S2c; No. 2 corn,
51'Jc: No. 2 yellow. 52 »i if 53c; No. 2 oats.
34V,c; No. 3 white, 37<i?3. l > 1 -3C; No. 2 rye, Obc;
good feeding barley. 47050c: fair to choice
malting. 52©5Sc; No. 1 flaxseed. 97c; No. 1
Northwestern, |1 OS;' prime timothy seed, $3;
mesa pork, per bbl. $13 50913 62%; lard, per
100 lbs. $!) 23%f?9 25; Khort riba skies (loose),
$8 o7%4?8 70- dry salted shoulders (boxed),
•i'KCte^c: short clear sides (boxed). 8V4&8%c;
clover, contract grade, $9 25 nominal.
FLOW OP BIVEBS.
The following tables glv* a comparative
statement for two year* of the estimated flow
of certain California rivers In cubic feet per
second, or second feet, one second foot equal
ing So California miner's Inches, or about 40
Colorado miner's Inches. The figures for tho
last year may be revised by later measure
ments. The figures are by J. B. LJppincott,
hydrographer. United States Geological Purvey:
Beans and Seeds.
l.lmas rule firm at the advance already noted.
The other kinds of Beans remain about the
same.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 0003 05: Pea, $3 25*
Buttere, $3 2.">: small White. $2 S3iU3- lnr"e
White, $2 50® 2 65: Pink. $2 75©2 90- Red
$2 0003] Lima. ?3 40«3 50; Red kidneys'
nominal; Blackeye. ?2 40 per ctl; Horse Beans'
$1 40«tl 50
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $1.7001 SO; Canary
5!g5%e for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal- Rape'
l : *i@2%c: Timothy. 6@«%c; Hemp 3UO3&C
per lb; Millet. 3@3%c; Broom Corn Seed $"04»
23 rer ton . '
DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 80^2 per ctl
Firem's Fnd. — — /
BANK STOCKS.
Am Natl Bk. — — L.P&A — —
Anglo-Cal . .. — — Mer Trust... — —
Bank of Cal. — — Merch Ex... — —
Cal Safe Dp. — — S F National — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L... — — Sav & L Soc 95 ' —
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk. — —
Mutual Sav.. — — Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U.. — 700
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — — 1 Presidio .... — 41%
Geary — — I
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
Sei>t. (new) SO 80', 79% SO
Dsc. (new) 81 % 82 Sl% S2
May 84 S4% 8.1% Sl%
Corn No. 2 —
•September Cl 51^ 50% 61
December r-0'fc f>0% W> Mi">8
May 50% 50% 50% 50%
Oats No. 2—
September- 35 Hi 30% 33'4 35%
December 37% 37% 37% 3754
May 39^ 39% 39 % 39» 4
Mess Pork, per bbl —
September IS 50 13 NO 1." 50 13 50
October 13 50 13 70 13 50 13 02%
May 13 40 13 45 13 37% 13 42%
Lard, oer 100 lbs—
September 0 25 0 25 0 22% 0 25
October 8 25 8 10 8 25 8 32%
January 7 tf2% 7 35 7 32% 7 35
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
Feptembsr 8 55 8 55 8 35 S 55
October 8 <17% 8 70 8 C5 8 C/%
January (J 00 0 95 6 90 'J 95
There was no change of any consequence,
either here or at Western centers. The Chi
cago letter of Bolton, de Ruyter & Co. said:
"There is not much change In prices. The
general feeling Is fairly steady, with senti
ment probably favoring- th;> bull • side. The
advance from the low point has been a mate
rial one. but has been contributed to largely
by the demand from shorts. Receipts of hogs
are moderate and demand fair. Several weeks
of what should be a good period of consump
tive demand are Immediately ahead of us and
this influences the speculative feeling. It is
therefore probably too soon to begin selling
provisions short and perhaps they may be
bought on the soft spots for .some profits."
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12%c per lb for
heavy, 13c for light medium, 15c for light,
15%c for extra light. 17 %c for sugar-cured and
lS%c for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugar
cured Hams. 15-Uc; California Hams. 15'^c;
Mess Beef. $11 50#12 per bbl: extra Mess. $12
fill! 50: Family. $13 SO: prime Mess Pork. $19;
extra Clear. $25; Mess. $20; Dry Salted Pork,
12%cr -Pi? Pork, $28; Pigs' Feet, $5 25;
Snioked Beef, 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7?io per lb for
compound and 10%@10-'!4c. for pure; half bar
rels, pure. ll#HVic; 10-lb tins. ll%«U%c;
5-lb tins. 11 %c; 3-lb tins. ll?ic
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 95Jc; three
half barrels. 9%c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces,
0V4c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
Provisions.
Receipts of FeedstulTs from the North are
still liberal and the market is kept weak there
by. There is nothing new in Hay. A dozen
cars were burned up in the fire at the South
ern Pacific freight sheds on Friday night.
BRAK-~$23624 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $2G 50<g28 per ton.
SHOHTS-*:3fi24 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, ?24@25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the. mill. $20@2(i 50- Job
bing, $27@27 50; Cocoanut Cake. $21((i22:
Corn Meal. $.13033 50; Cracked Corn, $33 oO<a
34 50; Mixed Feed. $22 50523 50 ; Horse Beans
$28^30 per ton. "
HAY— Wheat. $ll 1^14 50. with eales of extra
choice at $13; Wheat and Oat. $11@13 50- Oat
*10@13; Wild Oat. $9 50@ll 50; Barley $9@ll'
Clover, $S.50@ll; Stock, $S©9; Alfalfa* tit 50«
10.no rer ton.
STRAW— 35@65c per bale.
Hay and Fecdstuffs.
Bank Clearings.
Local bank eleaj-insrs during the week Just
••ndrd were f23.7O3.99O. ag&lnct $2<3.437,99S <Jur
liyr the -corTeFpondlng weok of 1902. showing
a decrease of J2.674.c9S. The fact that there
were two holidays last »wk against one In
3 '.<02 accounts for the decrease.
Flour Exports in August.
The export* of Flour from San Francisco by
s*a during the month of August were as fol
io we:
To— Barrels. Values.
«"hJna 5S.151 $211,225
¦lap&n 1O.11S «1,S7Y
Manila 1.07S • 4,57.".
ilawalian Islands 11.337 61,675
Tahiti 2.160 y.."5l
Hamoan Islands 16S 742
«"entral America 9,'Mn} 37.CS5
Mexico 74 2S3
Colombia 3.10C ll.lito
Ecuador 1.823 7.MK>
Peru l.liUO 6,723
British Columbia • 10 42
Totalr 93,010 $413,070
In Aurust. 1902. the exports were 122.039
tarrels. valued at $390.4U4. The* total ship
ments lait month i»«?re the largest thus far
this year. The trade with the Orient has been
quite active during the past few months ow
ing to reduced freight rates. As will be
seen, prices have been much higher this year
than in 1902.
Government Fruit Crop Report.
From the Crop Bulletin. United State? De
partment of Agriculture. Washington, D. C.
week ended August 31 :
Favorable reports re^r^cting apples are re
ceived from portions of the middle Atlantic
States. New England and the upper Ohio Val
ley and from Southern Kansas, but elsewhere
there ha* been a general decline In the condi
tion of thl* crop.
New England— An abundance cf apples In
pome localities, frw or none in others.
New York — Large quantities of apples blown
from tr»Cf; grapes light.
Nc-w Jersey — Grapes beginning to rot; late
tomatoes will be shcrt.
* Pennsylvania — Plums fairly plentiful in lo
¦ cailtirs: reaches fcarce; api>l?s fair to good.
Maryland and Delaware — Apple* plentiful;
toma-toes badly In need cf warmth and eun
shine.
Vlririnia — Arrles plentiful; gathering of some
varieties begun.
North Carolina — Prospects for late apples
poor.
Tennessee — Apples drcrrlr.ff.
Kentucky — Aprle crop short.
ilJlnrrts — Aprlf* Frarce and of inferior qual
ity: grapes ripeniiiff; fair yield.
Michigan — Wet weather detrimental to fruit.
Witiconsin — Cranberries t-roellent; gathering
begins tbifl week.
Iowa — Fair crop of fall r-rrle* being gath
fred: winter apple crop very light.
Oregor. — Prunes ar.d pears doing Eplendidly;
ari'les fair to good.
Oregon Crop Bulletin.
. The report of Edward A. Beals, tection di
rector. United Plates Weather Bureau, for the
Orf-tron Crop Bulletin for the week ended Scp
temlx-r 8. is as follows:
The -f.rrt five days of the week were warm
and pleasant and excellent for harvesting
wheat ar.d ho^s. On Saturday the weather be
came showery and uiisml-d sr.d light rains
ccurrvd In all parts of the State.
These rair.s were cf great bc-mfit to pas
ture* and late potatoes, but they interfered
with the harvest of "prinK wheat, and a.l?o
caused an increase of vermin in the hop
yards.
Spring wheat harvesting !s drawing to a
clore and threshing Is prognFFlng rapidly.
The grain /ie'ds continue fatisfactory. and
the reports from nearly • -verywhere are that
the quality is above average. Hop picking
is being pushed as fast ar possible; In fact.
foms correspondents nay that the hops are
t»"ing picked too er«n. But in general the
crop Is ripe, and it 1? beli.-vt-j will turn out
to be a goni one. although slightly smaller
than that of lasc year, a
The third crop of alfalfa is b'ir.g harvest
ed, with average fields. Ftock is in >ror»d
oondition. and prpc-n and Hubble feed is now i
plentiful. Sugar beet* iiromUc w« 11, and late
potatoes are doing Fplendidly.
Psun"! 8 are «iowly rr.aturlr;g and th- v picking !
< f this crop will becorne general in about two
weeks. Pears are now being harvested, and
the crop is an extra good one. Applea are.
do!r.g fairly well.
Weather Report.
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN FHANCIFCO. £ept. 12-^5 p. m.
THE COA-5T IiECORD.
1 n it "i i 1
ETA11ONS. Z \% 2 3 ="a 2"* ?
¦ g = : : §
n n ;
\ ¦ • * ¦
Baker 29.74 44 40 JfW Cloudy TsS
t.:ir!--.ri iri.fJC fifi 4<i JJ Clear .«K>
Kureka 3O.O2 .%s 52 N Clear .14
Frt-Mio 2*.».7<J hi- .'.2 NW Clear .OO
FlagFtafiT . ...L'ft.W «',4 72 FW Cloudy .00
Iniependencp .T.t.TM M M SW I*t.Cldy .<*)
l>s Anj,-elt-5..ir.«>4 74 CO S Cloudy .f«i
lit. Tarr.alpaiy29.77 fi2 B4 NW Clear .<*>
North Head.. 21). *8 r.S R2 W Clear .OS
PbOenlX »4 72 F\V Cif-ar .CK> !
Pocatello 2S.7O 4S 30 K\V Cloudy .us
Portland U«>4 **2 4S KW Clear .12 |
Pt. Heyes .2«.77 57 Do NW Foggy .(»)
P.c-d Bluff £>.74 7fl C2 W Clear .00
Ro&et>urg £9.!«4 GO 40 W Pt.Cldy .14
Escramento -.29.74 78 5« . ..'W Clear .00
Salt I^ake 2It.7tf «4 40 NE Uain .i«
Fan FranciECol'a.^2 C(J . M XV Clear .Ot) •
h- L. ObUpo..23.^ 72 U) W Clear .00
San Diego.... 29. fc8 «W 06 fc'W Cloudy- .«>
Secttle 29. h8 6<> .. BW Pt.Cldy .00 |
Spokane 29.74 Ws S8 NE Cloudy .40
T&toosh 29.S2 58 48 SW Clear .. .1«J
Walla Walla. .29.78 f.4 48 N Cloudy .70 j
Wlnnemucca .29.72 CS 42 N.W. I't.Cldy .<«i
Yuma 2S.C2 94.66 SW Clear .00
REATIIEn CONDITION AI.'D GENERAL
FORECAST.
A storm of some severity is passing south
f-attward between the Flerra Nevada Moun
tafrs and the Kock}' Mountains. High winds
prevail throughout Nevada and Utah. High
north winds are also blowing along the coast
d California. The wind velocity at Point |
Heyes reaching 72 miles per hour.
The temperature has fallen 10 degree* or
more from Winnemucca to Boise City and has
riK^n 10 degrees *t Seattle.
PjLin haa fallen in Idaho. Northern Utah and
Northern Nevada, Cloudy, unsettled weather
\revail« in Southern California.
lfor«;8rt made at San Francisco for thirty
-~ — —• sl.v.k- midnight, September 13:
Norta-.'rn California— Fair ¦ Sunday; brisk
northTTCEt winds.
Southern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Sunday, poeslbly showers;- brisk
southwest wind.
Nevada — Fair Sunday: warmer.
F«n Francisco and vicinity — Fair Sunday;
brisk westerly winds.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
CHICAGO. Sept. 12. — Trajingr in wheat was
largely of a professional nature to-day, with
local traders Inclined to take profits on the
bulges. Some selling of this nature caused
the market to ease off from the top Just be
fore the close, final figures being a shade
lower at Sl"i4f82c.
Trade In corn was rather quiet, commission
hous<?s doing the greater part of the business.
December opened about steady at yesterday's
close, sold up to 50%c and closed firm at
5<J%(\ v.ith a gain of He. "
There was little feature in trading In oats.
but there was free selling on the advance and
a portion of the gain was lost. The elope
was steady at a gain for December of Ho at
.•57»s<&37* 4 c.
There was weakness in provisions at the
start, but the feeling became strong on support
by the packers, reacting later on profit tak
ing. October pork was unchanged at $13 (52%,
with lard 2%c higher at $8 32%, and ribs
down 2%c at ?8 67%.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs- R VP
Flour. 53 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour $7-
Corn Meal, $3 25; extra cream do, $i; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hom'ny. $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Klour. *i M0i 75: Cracked Wheat. $:i 75- Fa
rina, *4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. ?3 50: Rolled
Oats, bblst. ¥7 25#S t;o; in sacks, $0 73«ij 10 .
Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas. ?5 00 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, fi 60®
4 80, usual terms: Bakers' Extras, $4 50S4 fi(J-
Oregon nnd Washington. ?3 00@4 20 per hhi
for family and ?3 90Q4 40 for Bakers. ;
Flour and Millstuffs.
Firmness still characterizes fruits, and the
demand is very fair. Raisins are also firmly
held, but buyers are slow to take hold at the
high opening prices.
The first car of new Prunes of the season
went East from Naca on the 8th.
NEW FRUIT — Apricots. 7%<&U%c for Royals
and OSllc for Moorparks: Evaporated Apples.
5(SUc; Peaches, 5y 4 @7c; Pears, G^Jc; Nec
tarines, 4£4%o for white; Figs, white. 4%0
4%c in boxes;. Plums, pitted. 5@7c per lb.
PRUNES— 1902 crop. 2%(S2^c for the four
sizes, with %@lc premium for the large sizes.
RAISINS — New prices are as follows: Two
crown, OifiUVic; three-crown, 6>46t»%c; four
crown. 6-%ift:7c.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 12%®13c;
No. 2, 10%(fj:n%c; No. 1 hardshell, 11%©12c;
No. 2 10@l6%c; new Almonds, lie for Nonpa
reils, lO'/.c for I X L. lOVic for Ne Plus Ul
tras and "S for Languedoc; Peanuts. 5(&7c
Icr Eastern; Pecans, ll^lSc; Cocoanuts. $i 00
65.
HONEY — Comb, new, 12%@13Mi 1 c for white
and 9@llc for amber; new water white ex
tracted, 5%©(i%c; light amber extracted, Oc;
dark. 3%<&4%c.
BEESWAX— 27ff£0c per lb.
D ried Fru its,Nu ts,Ra isins, Honey.
SATURDAY. Sept. 12—12 m.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
4s qr coup... — — 4s qr e (new) — —
4s qr reg — — 3s qr coup. . .107 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5«. — — Do 5s lllV4113Vi
Bay CPC 5s. 102% 105 Do con 53. — —
Cal C G 5s.r — — O W C G 53. — —
Cal G & E g Oceanic S 63. — —
m & ct 5s. — — Ora C R 6s.. — —
Cal-st 5s ... — — Pac G Im 4s. — —
C C Wat 5s. — — P E Ry 5s.. 110 111
Ed L&P 0s. — — P & C H 6». —
F&CHfcs. — — P&OR«a. — —
Geary-st 5s.. — — Powell-st «3. — —
H C & S5%s — — S E G&R 5s. — —
H C & S 03. 09 — SF & SJV59. — —
Hon R T «s. — — S R of C Us.111% —
L A EIcc 6s. ¦— 105 S P of A 63
L A Ry 5s .. — — (1009) — —
L A L Co Us. — — (1910) 109lil09'fc
Do Ktd 6s. — — S P of C 6a
Do gtd 5s. — — (1905)Sr A. 104% —
LAP lem 5s>. — — (1905)Sr B.105% —
Mkt-st C Cs. — — (100C) 107% — .
Do lem 6S.118H — (1912) 117 117T S
NRR of C fls — — S P C l(?c 53. —
NRC of C ?s — 119% Do stmDd..lO8 108%
N P C R 5s.lO7%108U S P B R Cs. — —
N C R 5*.. — — S V Wat (Is. — 106>;
N C P C os. — 102 Do 43 2dm. — 100
N S R 5s.. — — Do 4s 3dm. — —
O G L H 3s. — — Stkn O&E Ca — —
O T Co Cs.. — ¦ 122Vi U G & E 5s. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 49 Y t 5S lPort Costa.. —
Marin Co ... — — ISpring Val.. 84 85
GAS AND ELECTRIC."
Cent L & P. — 5 Pac E G &»R — —
Eqult Gas... — — SFO&E. 60 70
Mutual EL.— 14 S F Gas — —
Pac G Imp. 54 55 Htock G & E —
Pac Lighting 50 — U G & E 34 —
• TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES. ' .
S F G & E.. C8*i — /
INSURANCE.
4400 Con NT.... 201 200 Union Con .. 72
200 Crown Point.. 15' 1400 Utah 17
600 Exchequer ... 15! BOO Yellow Jacket 60
100 Gould & Cur. 2C<
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morn Ins Session.
300 Andes 16! 3C0 Hale & Norcs 51
1O0O Andes 17i 500 Justice Oft
20O Belcher 32 30O Mexican ...1 12 Ki
20O Caledonia .... 95 30O Mexican 1 15
200 Caledonia .... 9<J| 200 Ophlr 1 85
100 Caledonia .... V.i\ 200 Overman .... 2'J
600 Caledonia 1 00 500 Overman .... <52
200 Chollar 15 300 Potosl 27
2CO Con Cal & Va.l «5 .TOO Potosl 2S
40O Con NY IS) 200 Saval?© 2r»
1000 Con NY 20 20O Seg Belcher .. V*
500 Crown Point. . 13| 30O Sierra Nevada «E>
2500 Exchequer .. 15 i 300 Sierra Nevada 70
500 Gould & Cur. 28 1 400 Union ....... 72
BOO Gould & Cur. 2» 3CO Utah 17
600 Gould & Cur. 30' 500 Utah 19
300 Gould & Cur. 32; 200 Yellow Jacket 64
300 Hale & Norcs 50; 500 Yellow Jacket M
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Tonopah and
San Francisco Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
400O Esperanza. ... 04 250 Ton N Star.. "SO
600 Mizpah Ext.. 3:5 50O Ton N Star.. 40
500 Mont Ton ... 96
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, Sept 12—12 m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 11 12 .Tulia 03 1 .*.
Alta 05 07 Justice 11 V.
Andes 16 17 Kentuck ..... 02 04
Belcher 32 35. Mexican 110 123
Best & Bel...l 75 — ! Occidental ... 37 39
Bullion 06 07 Ophlr 185 190
Caledonia ....1 05 1 15 Overman .... 30 32
Challenge.... 28 30 Potosl 2tt 28
Chollar 16 17 Savage 27 2S
Confidence ... 88 95 Scorpion ..... C3 05
Con C & Va.l WO 1 C5 Seg Belcher.. 12 14
Con Imperial. 05 0« Sierra Nev .. 71 7:5
Con N Y .... 21 22 Silver HU1 .. 77 73
Crown Point.. 15 17 St Louis .... ltt —
Eureka Con.. 40 «",o Syndicate. .... — 03
Exchequer... 16 17 Union Con ... 73 74
Gould & Cur.. 21 S3 Utah 18 19
Hale & Nor.. 55 o> Yellow Jack.. S3 «O
Lady Wash.. 01 C6
TONOPAII MINES.
Bid. Ask. ! Bid. Ask.
Cblehan ...... — 21 1 Pins Grove... — 54
Esperanza ... 03 04, Rescue — " 10
Glpay Queen. — 27 Ton Belmont.1 BO 1 70
Gold Mountn. — 10j T & Cal .... 20 —
Hannapah ... — 20(Ton Fraction. — 60
Lucky Tom.. — 10 Ton & G W.. — C5
MacNamara . 10 15 Ton N Star.. 45 47
Mizpah ~ 34 Ton Midway.. 37 4.°.
Mont Ton ... 95 9» Ton & S Lak« — 45
Paymaster ... 12 — 'United Ton.. — • 20
Atchlson pfd 2,300 82>4 91 02
Baltimore & Ohio.. 700 ' 82 81*4 8H»
Bait & Ohio pfd . 300 87 «7 86%
Canadian Pacific... 3(*> 123»i 123Vi 123V*
Ctn of New Jersey » . . . 158
Chesapeake & Ohio. 400 33«i 33% 33%
Chicago & Alton... 22
Chi & Alttm pfd.. 100 64 64 (W
CM Great Western. loO 1C% . 10% lti^s
Chi G W B.pfd 30
Chicago &N W...V.; 1«4
Chi Term & Trans 9
Chicago T & T pJd. 200 20% 20 20%
C, C, C & St Louis 73%
Colorado Southern 13^
Colo South 1st pfd 63
Colo South 2d pfd 22
Delaware & Hudson 1C2
Dela. Lack & West 237
Denver & Uio 0 26*s
Den & Rio G prd 77
Erie 2,400 2J>T, 29% 29%
Erie 1st pfd 5u0 «7«fe tfi^, 07 Va
Krie 2d pfd 51
Grtat Northern pfd U'<0
Hocking Valley «9
Hocking Val pfd 78
Illinois Central 200 13314 133 133
Iowa Central 19
Iowa Central pfd 37
K C Pouthern 2l*i
K C Southern pfd 38*«
Louis & Nash 2.400 105«i 105% 105%
Manhattan L-. 200 134<h 134' 134
Metropolitan g t Ry 30O 114*; 114".; 113%
Minn & St I^ouie .' . 55
Missouri Pacific 1,200 !>4 l i 93% 9'{%
Mis, Kan & Tex ...'. 19%
M. K & T pfd S00 42U 42>-i 40%
Ntl RR of Mex pfd 41»i
New York Central. 1,300 12.5Vi 122U 122%
Norfolk & Western 400 * C3^j C2% «)2^»
Nor & West pfd 88
Ontario & Western. 200 23 22 7 « 22%
Pennsylvania 4,:j00 125 124» 8 1".'4^,
P. C, C & St L «.'}%
Heading 8.400 54% ffi'i 5:5%
Heading lEt pfd 79
, Ii«-adi rig: 2d jifd CS ¦
Hock Island Co.... 2,100 211 2s~s 2S%
Kock Island Co pfd .' . C5
St L & S F 1st pM 05
St L <& S F 2d pfd 49H
St Louis S W , 100 10 1C • 15%
St Louis S W pfd. 1,000 37H 30% 30%
St Paul 11.700 14.J'* 141» 4 142 ; i
St 1 aul pfj v 172
Pacific... 2.200 4."^ 4!>>-i 4.Vi
Southern Railway.. "•»> lEi T -% 225^ 22'i
Southern Ry prd.. .10O S5% S5% £3%
Texas & Pacific... 100 27 27 26k
T. Si L & Weft 21
T. Sf t L & W pfd 28%
Union Pacific IS, 900 7C r * s 75% 75^.
Union Pacific pfd fusv,
Wabash 21 1£
Wabash I'fd 20O 35'1 33>4 35i»
AVheol & L E .7 .... IS
Wisconsin Central. ."!<"«) i<,% 18% IX
Wisconsin Cent pfd 200 40 40 40
Exjiross Companies —
Adam? 223
American .; jso
United States 103
Wells Farg.j 210
Miscellaneous —
Araal Copper C2.200 47% 4fl T i 47%
Amer Car & Foun. l.-TX* V.l'l 31U 3Hi
Amer C & F pfd.. 100 Si S3 82
Amer Linseed Oil \q
Amer IJn Oil pfd .." 33
Amer Loco „ .... 18
Am«-r L»oco pfd (j5
Amer Smelt & Ref. 100 4.1^ 4:{ii 4.-JU
Amer S & Ref pfd. 83%
Amor Supar Ref 115'
Anaconda Min Co.. 500 78 70 77»I
Brooklyn Rap Tran 10,000 42 s i 40<i 40U,
Colo Fuel & Iron * ..„ 4314
Colum & Hock C ,.*" 14>i
Colsolidated Gas .. 200 174 173-X 173%
General Electric ... 100 1C2U 1C2% 1«2%
Inter Paper .... 13
Inter Paper r>fd... ICO C7% C7% «7%
International Pump 34%
Inter Pump pfd .". 70
National RIrcuH "" ;{i)i-i
National Lead. ..... ,. 15
! North American .... 77
| People's Gas ;... 5131^
I Preyed Steel Car. 200 40U 40 40>.i
Pressed Etf-ei c pfd „.. 791I
Pullman Pal Car £1(!
Republic Steel ..".. "lOvA
Republic St. el pfd. 400 «;<5% *;0ti ci!»4
Rubber Goods 1<K> 18% 1ST4 jqij
Rubber Goods pfd .;.. 75*
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 100 3t» 39 3S"X
V S Leather 300 8 8 ?tt
I' S Leather pfd £,>
l r S. Rubber 100 12'i 12U 1«»
I' S Rubber pfd... 5<:0 42'i 4"U 4<>
U s steel in.noo 21 n av. »ou
U S Steel pfd 2.2O0 70% 70 70%
Western Union .... 200 83% . 83% S3J4
Total shares Fold. 120, 100
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Sept. 12— Bond transactions of
the United Railroads of San Francisco- 20 000
at 7)>V*. 10,0(10 at 79%. '
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref :>s reg..lOS%|L & N un:f 4s 9S%
Do coup 103 Manhattan lif'
Do Ss res 10S Mexican Ccn 4s. 7.'{
Do coui> 108 Do 1st Inc .. lfjii
Do new 4s reg.115 Minn & St L 4s.' 95-i-i
Do coup 139 M K & T 4s .. dn
l)j old <s ng..l<)9 Do 2ds 78U
Do coup 110 N Y Cm en 3%s. 95S4
Do 5s rer 101 %>N J Cen tren 5s.l2sii
Do coup 101% 'Northern Pac 43.101
Atchison »ea 4s. UK) Do 3s ... 71
Do adjust 4s.. 90%!Norf & YV ccn 4s. !>G%
Bait fi; Ohio 4s.. 100% [Pennsylvania BO'
Do 3%s O2vi}!ileadlnjj gen 4s.. 94"4
Do conv 4.« 100 jHock' Island .... 73»Z
Can South 2ds. . .105%:.St L&I II con 5s 111
Central of Ga Bs.lOSHJSt L & d K 4s.. 92
Do 1st lnc 70 |St L S W lets.. »4
Cheg & Ohio 4%s.l«! j Do 2ds 72
CU & Alton 3' a s. 73%;Sa n A & A P 4s. 77%
C 15 & O new 4s. 9:{ j Southern Pac 4s. m%
C liitStP sen 4s.lO5 Southern Rv Cs.,113%
C & N W con 7s.i:»O T 4' Texas & Pac lsts 114%
C H I & H 4s.'. ..100 iTol St L A W 4s. 71%
CCC&St L Kn 4s. 90 D S Steel 78%
O>i Termira! 4s. 73%, Union Pacific 4s. i»3->i
Colo &. South 4s. SI j Do conv 4s ... 94%
C F'& I 78 Wabash lsts .i.114-%
Con "Tobacco . . . 50% I Do 2d s 105 '
Denver & R G 4s. 08% I Do deb B 59%
Erie prior lien 4s. !>«** West Shore 4s..l09'i
Do gen 4s 83*i|W & L E 4s 8s'
Ft W & U C l*ts.l03%<,Wiscon Cen 4s.. S9«
Hocking Vnl 4%s.lO5 I
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
NEW YORK. Sept. 12.— FLOUR— Receipts.
17.80S barrels; exports. 11,299 bushels; dull;
winter patents. $3 JH>®4 30; winter straights,
$3 G.Va'3 90; Minnesota patents, $3 90@o 05;
winter extras, $2 90#3 25; Minnesota bakers',
S3 75@4; winter, lower grades, $2 70@4 05.
WHEAT— Receipts, 14,025 bushels; spot,
steady ; No. 2 red, 84»ic; No. 3 red, 87%c f. o.
b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 93»ic f. o.
b. afloat: No. 1 hard Manitoba, 93c f. o. b.
afloat. There was a Btrong tone to wheat this
morning, due to higher Northern markets.
The close was firm at V4@^c net advance.
September closed at 87c; December, bl%@
H7Y t c.
HOPS— FIRM.
HIDES — Steady.
WOOL — Quiet. ' ¦
COFFEE — Spot Rio, firm.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; 'fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal, UO test, 3 vie; molasses sugar,
3%c: No 6, 4.60c; No. 7. 4.55c; >*o. 3, 4.50c;
No. 9. 4.45c: No. 10. 4.40c; No. 11. 4.35c; No.
12. 4.30c; No. 13. 4.25c; No. 14. 4.20c; confec
tioners' A. tt.85c; mold A, 5.25c: cutloaf,<
5.00c: crushed. 5.60c: powdered, 5.10c; gran
ulated, 5c; cubes, 5.20c.
DRIED FRUITS. -
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is
quiet and shows little change from the condi
tions recently reported; common, 4@6c; prime,
6V«<53'>ic: choice, 6@CVjc; fancy, 6V. @7VaC.
PRUNES— Were in fair demand and the
peneral tone of the market was firm within
the quoted range. Prices range from 3'/4c to
7c for all grades.
APRICOTS— Were firm here and on the
coast. Locally a firm demand is reported.
Choice, 9i*.tfr!t : ric; extra choice, 9%©10V4c;
fanoy. ll«^.&12c.
PEACHES — Rule steady to firm; choice, 7%
(J7?4c; extra choice, 7»i©SV4c.
Nr<v York Grain and Produce.
Stocks were quiet all along th« line, with no
fluctuations worthy of note ' ¦; '.
Sales on the California Oil Exchange last
week were 17,815 shares, valued at $11,902,
the leading sales being as follows: Caribou.
6900 shares; Home. 1215; Lion 1000; Monarch
and Occidental, 2000 each; Independence. 2500;
Sovereign. 2100.
The Alaska Packers' waa ex-dlvldend of $1
or f4S,000 yesterday.
California-*treet Railroad paid a dividend
of 75c or $7500 on the. 10th.
The report of the directors of th«* Hongkong
and Shanghai Banking Corporation,' presented
at the semi-annual m-etlng of shareholders In
Yokohama August 15, shows earnings for the
half year ended June 30 of $3,590.6S3. includ
ing $1,435,472, balance brought forward from
last account.
The sum of $500,000 was transferred from
profit and loss account to the credit of the
silver account, making that fund $6,000,000.
and the sum of $200.0oO was written off bank
premises account leaving $2,875,683 for ap
propriation. A dividend of £1 10s sterling
was declared, and the balance. $906,660. was
carried to a new proflt and loss account.
The White Pine Copper Company of Nevada
has levied an assessment of 5 cents per share,
delinquent October 3.
NEW YORK. Sept. 12.— The statement of
averages of the clearing-house banks of this
city for the week, five business days, shows:
Loans, ?&26.(>86.6OO, increase. $2,167,000; de
posits, J918.185.6OO, increase. $24,300; circu
lation, ?it,795,S0O. Increase, $927,400; legal
tenders, J72.852.9O0, decrease, $1,240,900;
specie, $172,068,200, decrease, $367,800; re
serve, $244,921,100, decrease, $1,908,700; re
serve required, $229,548,000, Increase, $16,705;
surplus, $15,372,200. decrease, $1,924,775; ex-
United States deposits, $24,093,675, decrease,
$1,912,000. •
Associated Banks Statement.
Flour, qr sacks. 8.70Si Middlings, sacks 655
Oats, centals... 1,730 Shorts, sacks .. 3,123
Bran, sacks ... 3.635J ?¦?•%'¦
OREGON.
FOR SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER 12.
Flour, qr sacks. 16,600; Shorts, sacks ..230
Wheat, centals. 8,350 Wool, bales ... 272
Parley, centals. 7,350 Screenings, sks.. 1,164
Corn, centals 135|Tallow, centals. 2«8
Beaas. sacks ... . 1,327 Sugar, centals.. 3,000
Potatoes, sacks. 2,280| Pelts, number.. 4,091
Onions*, sacks... 510;Hldes, number. 1,130
Bran, sacks ... 935 Quicksilver, flks 95
Middlings, sks.. 135 Leather, rolls.. 378
Hay. tons 57tt Wine, gallons... 46.30O
Hops, bales ... 58 1 Lime, barrels .. {CO
Receipts of Produce.
Last week's holidays cut down the bank clearings.
Wall-street stocks easy on the day and quiet
Nothing new in local stocks and bonds.
Silver declined again. Excliangc unchanged.
JVkiat and Barley futures lower. Corn still weakening.
Sharp demand for black Oais for Seed. Rye steady.
Lime Beans firm at the advance. Other sorts unchanged.
Fecdstuffs coining in liberally from the north.
Hay in ample supply and unchanged.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as previously quoted.
Dried Fruits firm and in good demand.
Provisions about the same, here and elsewhere.
Hops firm, Hides easy and Wool tied up by the strike.
No further change in live or dressed Meats.
Potatoes quiet, with heavy stocks. Vegetables plentiful
Poultry closes firm, with a bare market. Game still tainted.
Fresh Fruit in active local and shipping demand.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Do 1st pfd 69Vi|U B Steel 21^
Do 2d pfd .... 62»V Do prefd 72Vi
Illinois Central ..137U, "\Vaba*h 22%
Louis & Naah ...100U Do prefd 36Vj
Mo K & T 21%!
Bar eilver, quiet, 26>4d P«r ounce. Money,
2*403 per cent. The rate of discount In the
open market for short bills is 3%@3% per
cent, and for three months' bills 3% per cent.
Do prefd 94% Pennsylvania 61H
Balto & Ohio ... 84^4 Rand Mines . 9?i
Canadian Pacific. .127% Reading 28
Ches & Ohio ... 34% 1 Do 1st pfd .... 40Vi
Chicago Q W • 1T% Do 2d pfd 35\4
Chi Mil & S P.. 147% Southern Ry 23%
EteBeers 20 j Do prefd 88H
Denver & R O... 25%! Southern Pacific. 4"Vi
Do prefd 81 Union Pacific ... 79
Erie 30% Do prefd S0»£
OATS — Continue steady at previous prices,
with the exception of a further rise In Lilaek.
which are scarce and in brisk demand for
seed. ' ¦
White, $1 20@l 32%; Black, $1 40@l 60;
Red. $1 20@l 22% for common and $1 25@
1 :<5 for choice; Gray. $1 27% per ctl.
CORN — The market continues weak owing to
the liberal receipts from the West. The Chi
cago letter of Bolton, de Uuyier & Co. says:
"Market Is a little higher. There are fur
ther general rains throughout the West which
are not needed and which are unfavorable to
the growing crop. There Is also a cheerful
prospect of frost, particularly In the western
boundary of corn belt. The cash situation
la a fairly strong one. Receipts are moderate,
and corn Is being freely taken for shipment.
There is a large short Interest and equally
aggressive trading 1 on both sides of the mar
ket." .
Western, sacked, $1 42%©1 45 for Yellow
$1 42% for White and $1 40 for mixed; Califor
nia large Yellow. $1 50-ffl 55; small round
do, $1 lOifil 73: White, 51 55 per ctl.
RYE — fl 20(&l 27Vj r>tr ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 50 per ctl.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..?! 14V4 $1 14Vi $1 13% $1 1 4 V4
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. tn,
Feed $1 12Vi©l 15:. Shipping and Brewing.
$1 20® 1 25; Chevalier, ?1 20@l 50 for fair to
choice. : : ¦
CASH EARLEY.
; Open. . High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 40«i $1 4t>9i $1 40% $1 4«%
May $147% $1 47% $1 47 $147
BARLEY — Closed the week a fraction lower
in sympathy with a decline in futures. Some
holders, however, still refused to sell choice
Feed under fl 13%,
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
California Club, $1 45®1 02%; California
White Australian, $1 55<fcl 00;, Northern Club
$1 45#1 GO; Northern Blue Stem.. $1 65@1 57%:
Oregon Valley, *1 52%.
FUTURES.
WHEAT — Foreign futures were weak. Chi
cago was higher on rains and predicted frosts
in the Northwest. The Chicago letter or Bol
ton. de Ruyter & Co., said: "We cannot see
much In the short side of wheat. We have
been bullish, both on facts and on the theory
The facts are that the world's crop of wheat
is short; the supplies of old wheat aro ex
hausted, and ' at current rates of consumption
it Is difficult to see whence supplies for the
year are to come. Stocks of flour are exhaust
ed and the demand Is large and urgent. So
far as this country Is concerned farmers are
v/ell to' do and both able and disposed to mar
ket their surplus slowly". Thesp are the facts.
Our theory has been that with small European
crops, considerable damage and delay by bad
weather and material Injury to other food pro
ducts, the European demand In this country
must soon materialize on a considerable scale
and become urgent. So far bur theory Is a
disappointment. We still feel, however, that
time Is the only element of uncertainty. In
the meantime -at the height of the movement
stocks are not increasing and are very small."
In this market the only change was a de
cline In futures.
CASH WHEAT.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight ..... — . 4 86%
Sterling Exchange, cables........ — 4 87 ft
New York Exchange, sight...... — 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — . 10
Silver, per ounce — 66%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 47%
Exchange and Bullion.
QUINCES — I0@rt0e per box.
FIGS — Black, 75c@51 for double layers, 30®
50c for drawers and single layers and
for large boxes from the river; white, 50<3"5c
for double layers and 25@40: for drawers and
single layers. . ¦„
PRUNES— 50<g(K>c rer crate and 35@50c per
box; larce open boxes, 5O@75c.
PEACHES — Small boxe*. B0<re00c: carriers.
C5@0Oc; large open boxes, 65c® $1; per ton, $25
for Clingstones.
POMEGRANATES— !iO@75c per box.
GRAPES— Seedless, 50@C5c per box: Isabel
la, 7C@85c per box or crate; other varieties, 25
!350c for small boxes: 5C<S"5e for crates and
(fbcSJl for large open boxes; Wine Grapes, $20
@25~ per ton for Zlnfandel and $15@1U for Mus-
Ca MELONS— Cantaloupes, fl 75@2 60 per
crate; Nutmeg Melons, $1@1 25 per box; Wa
termelons, 20*5350 each. »
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges, $2 75(33 for fan
cy Valenclas, $2©2 50 for choice and ?1 25(7?
1 DO for standard: Seedlings, SlffJl 25: Lemon?.
$1@3 per box: Grape Fruit, ?1 ~o<@2 23; Mex
ican Llmea, ?7 CO®8 50; Bananas, per
bunch for Central American and $1 25@2 for
Hawaiian; Pineapples, $2 50@3 per dozen.
Trading In the Fruit market was active. Re
tailers were stocking up for the Sunday trade
and the demand for shipment on the Puget
Sound steamer, out to-day, was steady. Mel
ons were the strongest feature of the market.
Two cars of Watermelons came In and as the
market had previously been bare pricea had
a sharp advance and the btock found ready
sale. ".Cantaloupes and Nutmeg Melons had a
further advance, receipts being light and the
demand brisk. Peache9 were firm, particularly
choice freestones from the mountain districts.
There was a steady inquiry for - Strawberry
frees, but there were none received. That de
scription would have found ready sale at $1@
1 25 per box, had there been any available.
Wrapped Sol ways sold well for shipping at 50©
60c per box and clingstones In bulk met with
a steady demand from canacrs and the regu
'¦¦ lar trade. Prunes. Pears, I fancy Apples and
I Quinces were in good request at previous
l prices. Common, wormy Apples were abun
i dant and very dull. Figs moved freely and
I although receipts we're ample, prices were
i firmer. Pomegranates were offering freely
I and attractive lots readily cemmanded the top
I quotation. Choice table Grapes in crates were
; in rather light supply and sold well for phlp
' ping, with occasional lots of fancy Tokay
: commanding a small premium over the quota
i tlons." Offerings in large and small boxes were
.liberal and moved freely. Prices of Wine
Grapes were unsettled. Several cars were on
the track and the demand was limited. Sales,
of fancy stock were reported at $28 per ton.
but the quantities were too small to JUKtify
such a quotation. Berries arrived freely and
, attractive lots met with prompt sale at good
prices. Huckleberries were weaker under
heavy receipts.
Trading In Citrus and tropical Fruits wu
fair. Mexican Limes, ex-steamer, were close
ly cleaned uj> and firmly held at high prices.
There were no Central American Bananas of
fering. . •¦ ' , ;
STRAWBERRIES— $1 50@3 50 for Mallndas 1
and $4@5 for other large varieties; Long
worths, nominal.
RASPBERRIES— $5@7 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $2®3 per chest for ordi
nary and ?4ffj5 for fancy from Santa Crur.
HUCKLEBERRIES — 6®7c per lb.
APPLES— 85c@fl 10 per box for fancy, 50®
75c for good to choice and 25@40c for common;
Crabapples, — .
PEARS— Bartletts, $1@1 25; winter varie
ties. 50<jj»0c per box.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits:
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, .tO
6%c per lb; Whits Lead. «5@0%c, according to
Quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining
Company quotes as' follows, per lb. in
10O-lb bass: Cubes. A Crushed and Fine
Crushed. 5. S5c; Powdered 5."0c; Candy.Gran
ulated 5.70c: Dry Granulated, fine, 5.60c; Dry
Granulated, coarse. 5.60c; Fruit Granulated.
6.60c; Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only). — ;
Confectioners* A. 5.60c; Magnolia A, 0.20c; Ex
tra C. 6.10c; Golden C. 6c; "D." 4.90c; barrels.
10c more; half barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50o
more; 50- lb bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tab
lets—Half barrels. 6.10c; boxes. 6.35o per lb.
No orders taken for less than seventy-five bar
rels or Its equivalent.
TURPENTINE — 7Sc per gallon In cases and
72c In drums and Iron barrel*.
LOCAL MARKETS.
lected and '. 30034c for 'fair to choice; store,
22&@27c; cold storage/. 24@26cf Eastern, 22@
25c cer dozen. ' • *" *".,**-*¦'¦*¦
>'¦-¦¦ . , ' *-
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1903.
STOCK MARKET.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
43
AUCTION SALES
JT\_ UNDER ELECTRIC LIGHT *\_
¦ * Grand Auction Saie of Cholc* -*^*A
TBOTTllTO AND PACXSTQ KOBSXS,
Containing well trained <K>ns and daughters ot
McKinney. 2:11 Vi; Diablo, 2:0»*»; Truman.
2:lt$ Falrose. 2:18%: Tuberose. Ibex. 10.675;
Clarence Wllkes, 2:29%; Gossiper Jr.. Sidney.
2:19%: Alexander Button. 2:26V4: Del Rey.
2:23; Senator B (by Mendocino>. 2:l»Vi;
Nephew. Winwood. Silkwood. Sable Wilkes.
2:18; Gossiper. 2:13%; Richards' Elector. Lu*»
trldon. Direct. 2:00*a, Good Gift. Hart Boswell.
Bayswater Wllkes. Montesal (by McKlnneY).
Antevolo. 2:19H; Boodle. 2:11H: Charles Der-
by, 2:20. and many other famous trotting stal-
lions and sires. - Perfect, stylish road horaea.
guaranteed in every way. having faultless ac-
tion and extreme speed. Fine surrey horse*:
well matched teams; standard and registered
brood mares; extremely fast and promising trot-
ters, handsome saddle horsea and several all-
purpose horses. Seekers after the finest repre-
sentatives of the best trottinsr families will be
suited. Not a cull will be offered. Every ani-
mal must be sold without reserve or limit.
Sale takes place at the
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
216 THIRD ST.. NEAR FOLSOM.
MONDAY EVENING, Sept. 14«x, 1903,
Commencing at 7:45 O'clock Sharp.
Horaes at salesyard Sept. 12. Catalogues
ready. WM. C LAYN'O. Livestock Anctloneer.
£** £* fe
AUCTION SALE
At the B. T. McCrjLLOCQH RANCH, two
miles esst of Crows Landing. Stanislaus Co..
I will sell at 10 a. m..
Wednesday, Sept. 16, 1903,
120 mares and reldinss. 75 3 and 4 year old
mules. 35 yearling and 2-year-old mules. 1
Norman stallion. 1 Belgian stallion and 4 fine
Jacks. •
Free conveyance from depot to grounds.
Free lunch.
* Tenni of gale— cash.
B. T. McCULLOUQH. Proprietor.
£^ £» £fc
TO CLOSE OUT MY ENTIRE STOCK of S7
work and driving horse*. 4 surreys, 4 top bugr-
gies. 3 carts, 12 road and business bungles and
30 sets of single and double harness, I will sell
at 1140 Folsom st.. Tuesday. Sept. 15. 11 a. m..
the entire stock at auction.
GRAND AUCTION SALB
All horses, wagons, harness, plows, scrap-
era and other material belonging to GREELT
& SON, contractors, will bo sold at auction
without reserve TUESDAY. September 15. It
a. m.. at stables. Seventh ave.. between Point
Lobos and Clement.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1903.
44
jjjJBAI,^ ESTATE-— CITY— FOB "A""-
EAST9NVEL^ lS5i ' & ' C & MARKET ST.
AUCTION
AUCTION .
TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 15, 1903,
At Our Salesroom, 638 Market »t.,
•— - At 12 o'clock noon.
RICHMOND RESIDENCE.
S line of 3d ave., 75 ft. S of Lake at, being
No. .100 Third ave.; a modem 2-story and full
basement dwelling, containing 7 spacious rooms
and porcelain bath; tiled sinks; Iron fencing;
cement sidewalks; plumbing Al; small cash
payment, balance in monthly Installments; no
taxes or Interest; do not fall to inspect this
magnificent property; Eddy-st. cars^ get off
at Third ave.
• RICHMOND FLATS.
S line of Lake st., 30 ft. W of Second ave.,
being No. 15 Lake St.; lot 25x102:8 feet.
ALSO
P line of Lake r,t., 55 feet E of Second ave..
and being No. 3'J Lake St.; Improvements con-
sist of 4 flats of 5 rooms each, porcelain baths,
tiling, etc.; artistic iron fencing; patent con-
crete sidewalk; renting extremely low for $45
per month: this property can be purchased with
small cash paymeut, balance easy terms; will
be" sold separately; Eddy-*t. cars take you to
the door.
MISSION COTTAGE. ',.- .'¦¦;
S lino of Hill St., bet Sanchez and Noe; No.
440 Hill st.; elegant' new cottage; modern in
every res-'pect: 5 spacious rooms, porcelain bath;
flne high basement; property commands a mag-
nificent marina view: small cash payment, bal-
ance easy terms; Castro cars 1 block from
property. .
MISSION HOME.
BE line of London st. 125 ft. NE of Brazil,
being No. 317 London st.; Improvements con-
sist of a handsome 2-story dwelling of 5 rooms
and bath: modern In every respect: commands
a mngnlflcent view; San Mateo and Mission st
electric cars within 1 block of the property.
MISSION COTTAGE.
S line of Vulcan St.. 28 ft W of Juno, being
lot 2. block T. Park Lane Tract; handsome 4-
room and bath cottage; connected with sewer
and water; Just finished and within 20 minutes'
ride from the Emporium: take Castro-st. car.
ALSO
N line of Vulcan st., 274 ft. S of Juno"; block
U, lot 15. Park Lane Tract: new modern cot-
tage of 4 rooms and bath; revelation In archi-
tecture.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS BUILDING LOT.
W line of Devisadero st. 2C2 ft. N of Jack-
son: elegantly situated building lot in the 'best
portion of the Western Addition; flats erected
upon this magnificent property could be made
to realize a handsome revenue; lot 2.1x110 ft.
SACRAMENTO-ST. BUILDING LOT.
S line of Sacramento st. 37:0 ft. E of Spruce;
particularly desirable building site In an aris-
tocratic neighborhood: level and ready for
building; patent concrete sidewalk; lot 25x101:9
feet. <
MISSION INVESTMENT.
S line of 25th St.. 175 ft. W of Sanchez; ex-
tremely large lot, 29:0x114 ft.; No. 4023 25th
st; 2 elegantly situated flats of 5 rooms and
bath each: patent toilets; brick foundation;
modern plumbing; no water bi'.ls to pay, as
there Is a flne windmill. 2000-gallon water
tankr all In fine order, en the premises; rents
very low for $30 per month ; mortgage of
$1300 can remain.
For further particular* and catalogue.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
C38 Market at
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 MARKET ST.
(Estabished 1S75.)
$190,000 — Cor. on Grant ave., near Market st. :
nearly a full 50-vara lot; 4-«tory brick
hotel of 140 rooms an<V 5 stores and
fine finished basement unUerneath; rents
$9600 a year; cculd be handsomely In-
creased If present tenant could secure
a lease. >¦
$50,000 — Ellis st, near Market: 4-story and
basement hotel of 44 rooms; net In-
come $3CC0 per year.
$45,000 — Downtown location on Geary st. ;
splendid business block; lot 50x137 :«
ft: present Improvements consist of i
large house: at a small expense could
be made into a rooming house.
$45,000 — BlBgrest business bargain on Polk st. ;
large lot 50x137:6 ft.; flne building!
containing stores and rooming-house
above; very low rental at $1920 year.
$16,500— Rents $15«0 per year; 3 beautiful
flats of 0. 6, 7 rooms and porcelain
bath, tiled bathrooms, gas grates, elec-
tricity, etc.; Steiner St., near Fell;
lot 25x106:3 feet.
$14,000— Rents $13S0 per year; Fell st, near
Buchanan st; 4 swell up-to-date flats
of 5-0 rooms nnd bath: sunny side of
street; largo lot. 50x137:6 ft; perma- i
r.ent Investment in progressive district. !
$11,500— McAllister-*.. Investment: rents $100 :
per month: 2 elegant modern flats of
7-10 rooms: 2 toilets In each flat; oak
finished dlning-rcom and marble steps
etc.
$11,000— Harrison st.. corner; let 73x75 ft;
improvements consist cf store and flats;
rents for $1050 per year.
$10,000 — Rents $1110 per year; 4 new modem
flats cf ¦!-."> rooms and porcelain bath, j
etc.; on San Jose ave.; biggest snap
ever offered In this neighborhood; 35
feet frontage.
$7,250 — Rents $S52 per year; new modern f
building containing 2 large stores and 2
flats cf 5 rooms and porcelain bath,
etc.; best business portion of the Mis-
sion.
$7,0CO— Pays big Interest $1080 per year: Har-
rison st., close to Oth; these flats are In
Al condition: lot 27x137:0 feet; no bet-
ter speculative proposition in market.
$6.000 — BuKh Ft., near Steiner; 3 elegant flats
in fir?t-claKS shape of ii rooms and bath
. each: present income of 5750 per year; I
could be easily increased; cement side- '
walk, street bltuminlzed; Inspect this j
bargain at once.
$C,50O— O'Forrell st. cor.; a handsome 2-story
residence of 7 rooms and bath.
$5,250 — Greatest speculative bargain In the
market: near Fclsom and Third sts. ;
4 flne flats and good house, facing on
another street: brick foundation, patent
flush toilets; rents $700 per yenr.
$l,5C0 — Eddy ct. . near Steiner; elegant 2-
story residence of S rooma and bath,
brick foundation: lot 2CxlOO tt. : lot
alone almost worth price asked.
$2,300 — Big snap in a bulldinsr let: on Fulton
St., near Steiner; lot 27:0x82:6 ft.; a
forced sale.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
038 Market street.
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST CO.,
410 MONTGOMERY ST.
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN
HAYWARD BUILDING.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
WHEN YOU SELL REAL ESTATE a policy
of title insurance in this company will satisfy
the purchaser better than an abstract and closo
the transaction without delay. Because the
purchaser knows that before this company will
issue such a policy It searches the title for its
own safety, has every legal question Investi-
gated by its law department, and only when it
approves the title will it issue the policy. As
the policy is backed by the entire capital ami i
surplus of this company, the purchaser knows
further examination Is useless.
THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY having a complete lo-
cality plant or copy of the real estate records, I
constructed especialy for Insuring real estate j
titles like modern plants of New York. Boston.
Chicago and Eastern cities; reasonable ratts;
regular trust company bM3ines_ transacted un- ;
der State charter; al! matters controlled and '<
managed by the following
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVORD.
President Bank of California.
CHARLES R. BISHOP.
Vice Pres. Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE,
Of Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
HENRY L. DAVIS.
President California Optical Co.
P. N. LILIENTHAL,
Manager Anglo-Californlan Bank.
WARREN OLNEY.
i Olney & OIney, Att'ys and Counselors.
I CHARLES PAGE.
Pape, McCutchen & Knight, Att'ys.
A. T. SPOTTS.
Mgr. Cal. Title Ins. and Trust Co.
JOHN R. SPRING,
¦ Capitalist. 530 California at.
CENTER & SPADER,
11 Montgomery st. Lick House Block.
$16,500.
Rents $150 per month; 3 new up to date flats
on Post at., close In: 2 frontages; very cheap.
$5000.
Sixth st. near Townsend; choice lot, 25x80;
old Improvements .
$23,500.
Rents $175; 6 new up to date corner flats. 6
rooms each; choice location; large 00 feet
front; 24 feet vacant.
$5500.
Rents $47 50; 2 modern flats near Twenty-
third and Guerrero sts.: 6 and 6 room's; base-
menu; large lot, 30x123; an offer considered.
X $6000.
Rents $52; 2 two-story bay-window residences;
containing 6 rooms and bath each; lot 31x
117 :C to rear street, on pne of the best
streets In the Mission; this is a very flne
buy; Investigate.
$1000.
Church St., near Twentieth; choice lot. 25x105-
1-3 cash, balance to suit purchaser.
$14,500.
Rents $1400; Fell st. north aide, near Fill-
more; 4 modern flats; large lot, 50x137.
$9000.
$900 rents; new flats; close to Sixteenth and
Church sts.; safe investment; lot 25x125.
$3750.
Washington st.. near Cherry; modern cottage
,6 rooms; lot 28x127; cheap.
$4500.
$456 rent; 2 modern flats; in Mission warm
belt; choice location: on car line. ¦ ¦ <
•¦-. . CENTER & yADER.
FOR sale— As a whole or In subdivisions; 50-
¦ vara lot; south line Union at. 137:6 feet east
of Pierce; lot northeast corner Green and
• Pierce sts.; lot 103:_xl37:6 feet Inquire o(
CHARLES C BEM1S. Real Estate Broker,
221 Sanaome gt. * \
FORCED sale of 2 cottages. 5 r. and b.; on
2i»th st., near Castro;. one chance In a life-
time; $100 down. and- $20 per month.- 1245
Sanchez; $300 down and $20 per month.
D. COFFIN _ CO.. 3303 Mission st
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of th» San FraneUoo
Call, ccrner Market and Third streets; open
cstil 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 8:80 p. m.
SOO Bayes -treet; open until 9:30 p. m.
659 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. ra.
C1S Larkln atreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
124 1 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2-61 Market atreet. corner Sixteenth; open
cntil 9 p. m. \-
106 Eleventh -treet: op«n cntil 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan street*;
open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Tw enty-«econ_ and Ken.
tccky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fill—ore -treet; open until 9 p. m.
XtX-Ai, _S1AT_ CIT* KOtt SALE.
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market Bt., cpp. Kearny,
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
Full Charge Taken of Property.
BATTERT-ST. INVESTMENT
§155.000 — Battery St., one block from Market:
10O feet frontage; want offer; a rare
buy.
DOWN TOWN BUSINESS PROPERTY.
fl40,000— Half block from Market and Mason
ets.; modern eix-story brick and iron
building; store. 100 rooms and bath;
rent *S«tK>; leased with cash security;
lot SSxlSO.
SUTTER STREET.
$75,000— GS:9xl37:6; opposite Hotel Pleasan-
ton; magnificent site for hotel, apart-
ment-house or office building; Sutter
et property close by has recently sold
at 11300 per front foot; make offer.
LARKIN-ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
*53,000— Very best corner; 87:6 frontage; fine
bull-ing, stores and lodging-house; al-
waya rented.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.
$50,000— Annual rent* $5172; beautiful mod-
ern -building; lot S7xS5; pays over 10
per cent; rents $431.
NORTHWEST CORNER.
S50.COO — 137:6x137:6; substantial improve-
ments; insured for $20,000; mortgage
$00,CO0 at 5Vs Per cent can remain;
pays 8 per cent net.
SECOND-ST. CORNER.
$48,000—1^ blocks from Market St.; 47 feet
front; cheapest downtown corner to be
had near Market Ft. ; a chance to make
a turn at good advance.
POLK-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$20,000— Polk Et. ; stores and lodging-house;
lot CCfxlCO feet; rents $155; no better
buy for the money.
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER.
(19,000 — Stori* and flate; new building; lot
27:6x100; rents J164.
$18,500 — Vicinity Haight and Scott sts.; CS:9
xl37:ti; fine improvements; rents $140
a month
GOLDEN GATE PARK— FLATS.
$:S,000 — Lot 60x137:0; flne. substantial flats;
facing Golden Gate Park; rents $1SO;
can be increased. •
OCTAVIA-ST. RESIDENCE.
$17.500 — Choice location: 34- rooms and baths;
8 bedrooms; lot 39x137:6 feet.
$16,500— Yearly rents $1770; 3 modern Cats;
Post Ft.; 2 frontages.
CORNER FLATS
S15.500— Rents $IM>; Western Addition cor-
ner, near Market st. ; new flats.
FILLMORE-ST. CORNER.
$15,000 — Corr.er Fillmore and Lombard sts.:
K!7:Cxl20 feet; 3 frontages; want oiTer;
Lombard et bitumiriized from Van
Ness ave. to Presidio.
PINE-ST. CORNER.
$12,500 — Unimproved: HE corner Pine and
Webster; 62:6x100 feet.
$7.000 — Three good flats in Mission; rent $65
a month.
$6,500— Three fine flats, vicinity Eighteenth
and Castro; rents $5S a month; lot
25x125.
$5,250 — Kifth and Clementina; fine front and
rva.r improvements; leaded two years
at fGOO a year.
$5,000— Four pood Cats in Mission; always
rented at $48 a month.
$5.500— Washington Ft., near Spruce; 60x
127:SV 4 ; worth $'J00O; went offer
$2,C50 — New cottage in Mission; 6 rooms and
bath : flne lot.
$1,400 — Corner lot. near Golden Gate Park-
ZTiXlOO feet.
SPECK & CO..
t>67 Market Et.
NELSON. JOHNSON _ CO..
_t»5 Montgomery Et. Opp. Mills bldg.
SNAP.
MUST BE SOLD
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
$92jO— Rented low. $1002; 44 ft. frontage,
facing on a handsome park and running back
to rear street; 7 minutes' walk from Market
and Kearny; attractive, bay-windowed build-
ing; 6 light and tunny flats; perfect condi-
tion; sanitary plumbing, etc.; brick founda-
tion; bitumiriized street; cement walk.
$27,500 — Choice downtown business property;
-*:6 ft. frontage on one street and running
back, having a frontage of t_I:C on another
•treet: improvements 2 stores, rooming-house
end <i Hats; taking recent sales of adjoining
property as a basis this property Is $37,5U0;
m_Jie offer.
$12,000— Situated on the choicest car line
street in the Western Addition, in a progres-
sive business location and only a few feet Irom
a busy transfer point: lot _T feet frontage by
over 100 m depth, with 5 attractive, well-built
flats in Jirst-cla.ss condition; rented low, $1200.
$10.OGG— North EiOe Golden Gate; 30x100;
best block, with 2 handsome, well-built resi-
dence- of b rooms, bath, basement, servant's
room, etc
$5250 — Pine st; attractive bay- windowed
residence of 6 rooms, bath; first-class condi-
tion.
J7E00 — Buchanan *t. ; 2 attractive, bay-win-
dowed fiats of tt and 7 rooms and bath; i<or-
celain tubs, tile mantels, inclosed porche"
etc.; rents ¥720.
*7750— Lot 27:6 by 137 :C, with 3 attractive,
modern flate. having a flne marine view; well
rented and in good condition; near Buchanan.
tfslOG — North side Fulton st.; choicest resi-
dence block; 40 feet frontage; 2 houses of S
rooma and bath, basement, laundry, etc.; in
perfect condition; pays 10 per cent
NELFOX, JOHNSON & CO.,
2C5 Montgomery st. Opp. Mills bldg.
ASHTON & GARDINER,
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE
411 MONTGOMERY ST.
N. TV. corner Hairht and Fillmore: 137 :Cx
150:6; magnificent Bite for stores and flats -
make offer. ' j
— . !
North cor. Ninth and Bryant sts; 50xR5; part- :
ly Improved; rents $105 per mo.; offer wanted, i
$12.500— S. E. corner Halght and Cole sts. ; a
fine business corner; U5x75; would pay hand-
comely if Improved; very cheap.
$15.000— Sutter et., near Octavia; three flats-
rents $il«0 per annum; lot 27:txl20 to Walnut
ave. ; effer wanted..
_______
$12.5C0 — P. W. corner Union and Dupcnt ets •
improvements consist of 3-story building, rent-
ing for $12t>0 per annum.
$10,0W_Fif teenth tt. near Church: 3 new
flats; S rooma each; renting for $1050 per
annum.
*e25&-Oak et., near Webster; 2 flne flats-
rents, low at $47 60 per month; $2500 bank
mortgage can stand.
$Ot ?^ WebEter 6t - Dear Oak : flne building
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG & CO '.
Real Estate. Room 2. 7th floor Mill* w<i
$21.000-New flats on Herm_£n-« 'corner- aji
rented before building was finished- no
vacancies; moderate rents; pays 14 per
$37,500— nittery-st. corner. 71x137 :C; old 1m- '
j>rovements. *~ ¦ _¦¦¦
$32,500— Drumm st. : good brick Improvements -
good rents; flrst-claes tenant
$22.500— « fine modern flats on Broderick *t •
•,_,_ V J V <letache<1 buildings; well rented
$14,000-Corner on Market st. noi far from
Castro; vacant lot; time ripe f or Im-
proving.
$16,000— Presidio Heiehts comer; residence of
10 rooms. 2 baths, etc.
$15,000-New colonial residence. Presidio
Heights; 10 rooma. furnace; finished
basement •
$C,000 — Lovely modern home; WJllard st •
oxerlooks park; lot 37:« front: stable'
carriage-house, poultry yard, garden. '
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG & col
1250— PARK lots: 1 and 2 blocks from H-at
electric cars; the great future property
flOO— Park lota near boulevard and ocean
bearh extension of Market st
{150— Lots close to Forty-eighth ave. and Ocean
boulevard.
f200 — Lots near Twenty-ninth and Mission st
carhouse.
$75— AJvln tract Iota; facing Elmhurst'- near
railroad etation; 10 minutes' ride from Oak-
land.
Contract* taken to build houses in all parts
3f the city on easy payments.
JACOB HEYM.VN CO..
117 S-tter at
ANOTHER chance to get a home with your
rent money.
Just finished; a new modern 5 room and bath
tottage on Alvarado et., near Hoffman ave.
Go out and examine It then come to our
ifflce and make your own terms.
JACOB HEYMAN CO.. 117 Sutter at
DESIRABLE sunny building lot- close to Du-
- bose Park; bitumlnized streets; lots level and
ready to build on; a rare chance to obtain
& holding admirably situated and close to
the city at s very reasonable price. Dia-
gram price and all further particulars al
oar office. C. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Mont-
«omei7 rt.
nEXIj ESTATE— CITY FOR 8 ALB.
BALDWIN — HOWELIV '
¦ • 25 POST ST.
$3,500 — Twenty-flrst st. . near -Valencia: lot
50x115; or house' and 25 feet for $05C0.
$20,000 — Slxth-st. business property, 50x80;
stores, etc.; rents $125.
$4,500— Liberty st, near Valencia; 2-story
house, 8 rooms and bath.
$32,500— Drumm at, near Market; 3-story
brick building; rente $150.
$11,000 — Corner property; store and flats; large
lot. 75x75; near Eighth and Harrison.
$10,000 — Guerrero St.. 35x90: new building, 4
flats; rents $92 50; $6000 mortgage.
$7,100— Rents $71; large, lot, 38x00; 2 stores,
2 flats; Guerrero st.
$60,000— CO-vara corner lot, 137:6x137:6; Gold-
en Gate ave.; residences; rents $225.
$7,000— Lake St.; lot 30x100; rents $C2 50; 2
new flats.
$4,000 — Third ave.. near Lake »t.; lot 25x120;
rents $25; 2-story residence-. 7 rms, etc
$9,000— Rents $72 50; Broderick st, near
Washington; 25x110; 2 flats.
$10,750— Washington at., close In; down town;
rents $97 50; 3 flats.
$17,000— Clayton St.. near Haight; 27:6x106:3:
rents $150; 3 new flats.
$13,500 — Folsom St.. ntar Sixth; lot 25x165. to :
rear street; two stores below, two floors
above; house on Shipley st. of 10 rooms;
rents $94 per month.
$6,000— Lewis st.. off Jones, bet. Taylor and
Jones; three flats of 4 and 6 rooms; i
rents $47.
$6,000 — Clay st. near Steiner; opposite Alta
plaza; key lot. 25xlO2:SH: exception-
ally well situated; abundance of light
and sun; residence of 6 rooms and bath;
splendid lot for new flats; mortgage of
$2500 can remain.
$7,500— Union st, nr. Fillmore- lot 30x100;
two flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath
each; rents $65 per month.
$15,000 — Make an offer; large lot 55x120 on
Bush-st. corner. In good neighborhood,
in central portion of Western Addi-
tion; present frame buildings of no
value; all the money's worth In the
land: very suitable for flats; very
sunny.
— Z_H ¦
HAVE YOU HEARD?
About the new subdivi-
sion of home lots now
being offered by us and
known -as Parnassus
Heights, fronting Gold-
en Gate Park, the
grandest recre a t i 0 n
grounds for the chil-
dren in all of San
Francisco.
Most attractive resi-
dence property in San
Francisco. Close to
Chlldr e n 's P 1 a y-
grounds, the Aviary,
Buffalo Paddock, Mu-
sic Stand. Recreation
Grounds and all of the
principal attractions of
Golden Gate Park.
Streets completely sew-
•ered and paved with
bituminous rock. Gran-
ite curbs, cement side-
" walks. Gas and water
mains In all streets
and separate service to
every lot fully paid for.
Also, 6lde sewers to
each lot. All street
work cone under the
supervision of the
J Board of Public Works
and accepted by the
city.
Maps and full Informa-
tion at our office; also
agents at our new
office on the grounds,
corner Seventh ave.
and H st.: open every
day. Including Sun-
days.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 POST STREET.
BOVEE, TOY & CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
117 Montgomery street. Opp. Occidental Hotel.
$15,000— Sutter st, near Buchanan; 4 splendid
flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath; rents
$93 per month; can be raised to $120;
lot 50x137:6 feet.
£->5 000— Pays over 6 per cent net; large 2-story
anu basement brick building in whole-
sale district; lot 61x137:0 feet.
CS.000 — Two modern flats on eunny side of
Baken st. near Jackson, of 6 and 8
rooms^and bath; rents $70 per month;
lot 25x100 ft
$12,500 — An elegant new up-to-date residence,
north side of Clay St., Presidio Heights.
10 rooms and bath, hardwood finish,
electric lights and gas throughout; lot
20x120 ft
$10.000— La rkin st. right down town; two
choice flats of C and 7 rooms and bath;
rents $75 per month: lot 27:6x87:6 ft.
$5.250 — Greenwich St.. near Broderick: two I
strictly up-to-date flats of 5 and C 1
rooms and bath; income $55 per month;
lot .'50x125 ft.
$15,000— Clay st. near Polk; two houses of 7 1
rooms and bath each: also rear house;
income $S7 per month: key lot to Polk
st. business property; let 42x127 :8Vi ft.
$19,000 — Sutter St., north side; three modern
flats of 8 rooms and bath: lot 27:0x112:6
ft: rents $150 per month; everything
Btrictly up to date.
$5,500— Lombard fet. near Fillmore: 4 modern
flats; rents $55 per month; lot 26x127:6.
$?,750 — Choice N.E. cor. Eddy St.. close to
Fillmore: impts. consist of stores and
Hats: rents $72 month: lot 2SxlOO ft.
$05.000 — O'Farrell St., close to Orpheumr 3-
story brick and frame bldg.; income
$300 per -month.
J4.000— Mission warm belt; choice cottage of C j
rooms and bath; finished basement; lot
23x100 ft.
$37,500 — Geary st.. close to Powell; large lot;
old improvements.
$S.OCO— Larkln St., near Washington; three
good flats of 5, 6 and 7 rooms and bath
each; rents $04 per month; can be raised
to $75; lot 25x87:6.
$20,000 — O'Farrell St.. close to Gough: three
brand new flats of 8 rooms and bath;
lot 25x112 feet; rents $C0 per month.
$10,000 — Oak st, near Octavia; 3 good flats of
7 rooms and bath each; lot 30x120 ft;
2 frpntages; Income $70 per month;
rents very low. can be Increased.
$4,000 — Natoma st., near 11th; rents $34 per
month: 2 good houses, ti rooms.
$3,000 — Lot S. W. cor. Halght and Belvedere j
sts.: 25x100 ft; this Is an elegant loca-
tion for stores and flats.
$8,500— Fell st, near Devisadero; 3 good flats I
of 6 and 7 rooms each; rents $63 mo. '
I HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
$500 to $1200 — Only graded lots fronting
boulevard, ocean and park. Unobstructed
view from every lot. Fronting electric cars.
Don't miss this opportunity. Easy terms.
$60 to $250 — Near ocean and park — $5 monthly.
Oceanslde branch office on 49th ave. and K st
OPEN SUNDAYS.
SELLING FAST— SEE THEM TO-DAY
SiOO to $1000— New lots In Sunset District.
Graded and sewered, near cers, $10 monthly.
Sunset branch office on Oth ave., near H st
$150 to $200 — Level Excelsior Homestead lots
near Misslon-st electric cars — $5 monthly.
Choice Richmond District lots, $10 monthly.
$1000 to $3500 — 4, 5 and 6 room modern cot-
tages. Sunset. Richmond and Excelsior
Homestead. All bargains!
Easy terms'.
SOL GETZ & PON. owners and dealer*,
Room 54, Chronicle building.
B. GETZ, ROOM 22, CHRONICLE BLDG.
OWNER AND DEALER.
Ocean Heights and Ocean Boulevard Lots!!!
New Level Block on the Market.
All Lots and Corners Have Grand Ocean View.
First Come— First Served.
$100 to $400; Splendid Bargains; $5 Monthly.
19TH AVENUE BOULEVARD LOTS!!!
THE CREAM OF THE SUNSET!!!
LOOK AT THEM YOU'LL LIKE THEM
Elevated— Level— Graded— Ready to Build On
On Very Easy Installments.
EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD LOTS!!?
WARM BELT OF THE MISSION!!!
If You Haven't Seen Them Go at Once'"*
Choicest "Home" Bldg. Lots Perfectly Level
$150 up.... $5 month.... On Mlssion-st car line
$300 to $1200.... Sunset and Richmond Lots!!!
New Cottages ..Easy Terms
Sunset. Richmond and Excelsior. -
"Buy Direct from Owner"...... Title Perfect.
HAWKS _ SKELTON. ~"\
Rents collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property.
$13.000— Taylor st . Investment near Sutter: lot
22:11x87:6; new. building here would
pay well.
$S,500 — Fine house of ten . rooms and large
basement; Grove st, near Fillmore; n'
side; good neighborhood.
$9,0CO— S. side Washington at, near Baker-
good house: 8 rooms; sunny garden-
choice neighborhood. ¦
$5.500 — Lot N. side Post St.. near Buchanan -
25:10x90. '
$8,000 only for 10 lots on Twelfth ave. and
B at, between Point Lobos'. ave. and
Park: Twelfth ave. graded; must be
sold as a whole: a good investment..
$5, ICO — Lot on SW. corner Larkln and 1 Lom-
bard sts.: 25x105; magnificent marine
view from every window.
$5,000 — Let on SE. corner Larkln and Green-
wich sts.: 50x02:0; elegant- view' of
city. Golden Gate and bay. x -
HAWKS _ SKELTON. 323 Montgomery at.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR ' ¦ >A— B.
C. M. WOOSTER CO..
C. M. WOOSTER CO..
C. M. WOOSTER CO.,
, • . ft48 Market street.
$400 cash, balance very easy terms ; 2 new
modern up-to-date cozy homes, Ju&t
finished; all the latest ideas; half a
block from Guerrero-at car*.
MARINE VIEW LOTS.
$800— V4 cash; Lake st, bet ISth and 10th
aves.; 15 beautiful lots ready for build-
ing; overlooking . the Golden Gate. ¦
$l;«00 — 2 new modern flats. 4 and 5 rooms,
bath, etc.; on 21st st.; rents $432; lot
25x114.
$3,250— Handsome residence of 8 large rooms,'
bath, finished basement; 7 years old;
on Pine st, near. Scott; very, best of
condition.
$7,000 — Lot 77.6x85. to rear street; handsome
2-story bay-window residence of 7 rooms
and bath; on Filbert st.
$7,000— Modern 2-«tory residence of 7 rooms
and bath; on Fell st, near Buchanan;
lot 27:Cxl20.
$62,500— €8.0x137.1!. north side of Eddy st,
near Hyde.
$6,250 — 2 modern bay-window flats, 6 and 7
rooms; on a Laguna-st. corner; high
basement should be converted into a
store; lot 28x87:6.
519.000— Lot 23xS0; on Mission at. 200 feet
from the new Postofflce.
$7,250—2 modern up-to-date flats and a cot-
tage .of 3 rooms; Scott st, near. Girls'
High School; rents $S10; one of the best
buys on the market.
'$4,500 — Rents $UO0; 4 flats and stable; near
Sixth and Folsom sts.
$7,000—3 flats, cottage of 6 rooms; rents $822;
on Filbert st, near Mason.
$3,650 — I flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath
' each; rents $504; near Third st.; lot
fronts on two streets; buildings in good
condition.
$7,000 — Two residences of 6 rooms and bath
on Bush st., east of Devisadero; lot 50x
112; good improvements.
$5,500— Make offer; 3 flats; near California
and Fillmore sts.; rents $636; lot SO
' foot front; can be further improved.
$4,100 — 2-story and basement residence on
Harrison et., near 10th; $1000 will con-
vert this into three flats, which will
rent for $720; lot 25x75.
$3,100— 2-story residence. 10 rooms, bath, high
basement, etc. ; could be remodeled Into
flats; on Chestnut st.,~ near Dupont;
rents $4C0.
$3,000 — Rents $30<? ; five new flats in the very
best of condition; near Montgomery ard
Vallejo; always rented; an exceptional
bargain. -
$10,000 — Make offer; owner absolutely forced
. to sell; 11 flats In the very best condi-
tion; new plumbing; near 4th and Bry-
ant sts.; rents $1164; lot 40x75.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648 Market St.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
CHEAP CORNER.
South of Market, east of Eighth st; lot 75x
75; store and flats; rents $S7 50 monthly; price
$11,000. i ¦
guerrero st.
Two flats and 2 stores ; lot 36:8x87:6; rented
for $71; price $72OQ.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
East of Kearny; over 3000 square feet; solid
brick, iron front; leased for $350 month; rents
can be raised at termination of lease; price.
$60,000.
SUTRO HEIGHTS.
ON EASY TERMS.
A FINE CHANCE.
To secure a beautiful marine view lot over-
looking Golden Gate and the ocean; on main
driveway to Sutrq Heights; gas and water in;
street cars pass; there lots will soon be worth
big money; buy one on easy terms; prices only
$350 up to $550; you won't get this chance
again.
MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE.
On Paclfle Heights: Rplendld new residence
commanding marine view; everything the very
best; hardwood floor; billiard room; 2 baths;
furnace, etc. ; price $15,i>uO.
FINE NEW FLATS.
Near the park; 4 and 5 rooms; sunny; rent
$3S; price $4500.
LARKIN-ST. CORNER.
Fine building corner. 35 feet frontage; sure
to inert. i«o In value; rents now for $122
monthly; a flne investment; price $20,000.
SOUTH OF MARKET ST. INVESTMENT.
Fine corner; size 55x80; rent $126 per month;
price, $20,000.
WARM BELT OF THE MISSION.
Cottage of 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x122:6;
price reduced to $2000.
CHEAP LOTS.
Looking into Golden Gate Park, one block
from Stanyan: street to be bltuminlzed and
paid for by owner; any size; car line passes;
cheapest lots in the marketj from $1250 to
$1CCO.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
32:7x112:6; onbituminized street; only $2250;
key lot. . v
McAllister, near fillmore.
North side: 105x137:6; or will subdivide; flne
investment property; price, $24,000.
Send for list of cheap'lots In all parts of the
City. McAFEE BROTHERS.
IPS Montgomery st,
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO., ~~
' 216-220 MONTGOMERY ST.
$35,000 — Mlssion-st. corner; 100 ft. front; pays '
over 10 per cent net; stores and apart- !
ment house above: flno Investment.
$17,500 — N W. cor. Paciflo and Sansome sts. ;
lot S3xC7 ft. more or less; lmprovemcnta
conMst- of stores and flats; monthly
rents $132; mortgage of $8000 can re-
main.
$ti,250 — Mission st. near Twentieth; 6-room
cottage and store in front; lot 28x122:6 i
feet. :
$4,500 — Clementina st.. near Eighth: tene- ¦
merits; 4 tenants; rents $11; lot 25x75 :
ft.; always rented.
$13,500 — Steiner st, near Ellis; 3 new flats !
just finished, 6-7-7 rooms and bath; 1
rents $32 50, $37 50, $37 50; total rents
$107 50; all leased for one year.
$16,500— California St., near Laguna; flne res-
dence of 9 rooma and bath; large lot,
34:4Uxl32 ft.; house will readily rent
- for $100 per month.
$11,000 — Clay Bt; near Buchanan; beautiful 12- 1
room residence: all modern Improve- !
mints; lot 25x100 ft.; a bargain.
$22,500 — Corner of Seventh and Natoma sts.;
frame improvements, renting for $06 per
month.
Lake st. — Various lots from Thirteenth to
Twenty-third aves., at very low figures;
full Information at office.
$1,750 each — Broderick St., near Post; flne
building lots. 25x125 ft. each; ready to
build on: only 3 lots left.
$£,100 — Sutter st., near Devisadero: substan-
Mil residence; stable; large lot; M:3 l ix
114 ft.; or will sell 34:3x114 ft. for
$0500.
$15,000 — Bush St.. inside of Hyde; a large. !
substantial residence of 15 rooms and
bath; now renting for ?95 monthly; lot
27:6x137:6 ft; mortgage of $8500 at 6
per cent can remain; property must be
sold within 90 days.
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for sale.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO..
Real Estate Agents,
218--20 Montgomery st
_______________
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
ESTABLISHED JANUARY. 1858.
30 Montgomery st Opposite Lick House
Sacramento st., between Larkln and Polk; 3
house, and lot 55x118, paying large in-
come; only $16,000 asked.
Fillmore st, corner of Geary; 185 feet on
Geary and 137:6 feet on Fillmore; the
largest and finest corner on the market
on any .business street; $40,000; call for
particulars.
~" * -~ ¦ — — ' •
Jackson Et. 50-vara lot, corner Lyon; an ele-
gant, sightly building location; commands
grand, unobstructed .view and best neigh-
borhood In city; «nly $30,000.
$8000 — To* close an estate: Dolores st. near
Sixteenth; 3 houses: rents $60; large lot.
must sell Immediately; call for partlcul-
lars.
$9000 — Hayes-st. investment, near Buchanan- 2
buildings; rents $68 60 per month; 27-6x
120 to rear street
$2350— Shotwell, near 24th st: 6 rooms and
bath; lot 22:3x122:6.
Cheap home; only $2300;- on Twentieth st
near Guerrero; 4 rooms and bath; cottage
and lot 25x114. .
LOTS
$4200— Steiner st. near O'Farrell; 25x109:0.
$2500— Lota on Larkln, near Broadway- $100
per foot ¦ , • * .^
Choice residences lots on Sutter. Post and
Steiner sta. in sizes to suit.
Building lots, northeast comer Golden Gate
ave. and Baker st. in sizes to suit
Prices from *2000 upward. '
„.. ,, MADISON & BURKE.
30 Montgomery st.. cpp. Lick House.
JOSEPH STRAUB. «>{0 Market st
,? 14 i C , 0 £T 6 v natB on Centra > ave.; rents annu-
ally $1302; bargain.
$9000— :j, flats on McAllister _t; rents $030
annually: good investment. -
$2700— House of 2 flats and attic: basement-
rear house; vioinity Mason and Filbert fits
$*0G0— Cottnge of 5 rooms, bath. bas?ment;
stable: lot 30x117:0 to rear street
FOR sale— An Weal home In the warm belt of
tho Mission: the best residence block r.n
Howard st.. north of 21st st.: this house
contains 10 rooms; plumbing all the latest:
large grcunds: carriage house: nva lawn-
i sun In every room. Address L. C. CULL"
24th st. and Potrero ave. *
* 3 k""'_^\ RGAIN / 2 fla <«: rents $J0. Apply
8J1. Alabama st; upstairs.
KEA- ESTATE-^TY^_1_Ott^_££
LYON A HOAG.... .^MONTGOMERY ST.
Send for Our Monthly Price List of Prop«W j
-¦-» ¦:¦ •¦ . for Sale — Complete List.
THREE SWELL FLATS. - '.
$lC.50C-^Three handsome new "»** °"f I ° 1 ,
not far from Franklin; contain 8 room? a
bath; all conveniences; lots- of light ana j
sun; rents $147; lot has double frontage.
TWO GOOD FLATS.
$5000— Rent $47 50; lot 26x100; brand-new.nais.
splendidly located in best part of R'^hinonU
district; contains 4 and 5 rooms and baui
each: modern and complete In every respeci.
FACING GOLDEN GATE PARK. |
$1C.OCO— Kents. $S)2 50; 3 new flats; modern in
every respect; command a splendid view 01 ,
main drive in Park; an excellent renting 10-
011 A* BARGAIN ON SCOTT STREET.
$6700 — Two bay-window fiats. 5 and 6 rooms
and bath, with driveway to stable in rear.
rents $52 50; close to the Park. L_*_l_
INVESTMENT PAYING 10 PER ChST.
$11.000— Rent $05; 3 flne bay-window flats on
the sunny side of Page st., close to the ram.
j lot 23x100. . _
! A— GOOD. BUT ON TURK STREET.
$45,0GO — A big lot on Turk St., east of Larkln.
contains over 65C0 square feet: has double
frontage: Improvements all rented.
ANOTHER GOOD INVESTMENT. •
$18,000— Rents $102 60; .1 swell flats, cloao to
Broadway and Franklin St.: contalnins 3
rooms and bath each: a good Investment.
NEW FLATS NEAR THE PARK.
$9000 — Two brand-new Oats. containing B
rooms and bath; extra room in basement; ex- j
ceptionally well finished:' rents $72 CO; a
mortgage of $50CO can remain.
$20,000 — A good buy on Golden Gate ave.: 2
blocks from Market st. ; lot 50x67; good Im-
provements. ¦
FINE BUSINESS CORNER.
$3500 — Rent $33; corner Florida, near Seven-
- teenth St.; 2-story building, with store and
flat above of 4 rooms, bath, era: this Is a
flne business corner and the price makes It
a great bargain.
$42.500 — Big lot on Geary st. east of Leaven-
worth; contains over 510O square feel; »ub-
s tan tial Improvements on part of lot; ranta
$170; could be Increased materially If balance
of land Is improved.
$30,000— Rent ?207 50; can be raisad materi-
ally; McAllister st, not far from Van Ness
ave.; splendid Improvements; great, big lot.
more t^An 50x13*6. ....
$12.000 — Rent $11S; two 3-story buildings on
Vallejo et. ; good flats; all rented; lot 49x
137 :6.
$8500 — Grove st.; lot 26x126. to rear atreet; Im-
provements, 2 flats, 2-story residence; rcpts
$C3. .
$4500— Fine new 2-story house, 7 rooms and
bath; newly built; on Castro fct. near Twen-
ty-fourth; good location; good house.
LYON & HOAG.
116 Montgomery ft. '
TAKE YOUR WIFE AND FAMILY
TO MILL VALLEY ON SUNDAY
And »:e the splendid lots we are viTcrnjr rlsht
at the station for $100; terms, 10 r'r cent
cash, balance $10 monthly; largo 1 Is, 5Ox
123; the new electric trains are now running,
the best service In the country; you will have
a pleasant outing, and if you buy a lot It will
prm< a very profitable one; values are bound |
to increase: agent on the -,-rounJs Sundays.
LYON & HOAG. 110 Montgomery st.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
FILBERT. NEAR POWELL.
$25,000— 6S:9xlC0 to rear street; four 10-room
houses; renting for $112 50.
MODERN DOWNTOWN FLATS.
$21, COO — Mason St.. near Pine, running
through to rear street: 4 new artistically fin-
ished flats of 10, 6. 6 and 4 rooms, renting for
$183 00 per month.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS HOME.
$8300— 2C:t!x91:8; corner Vallejo and Buchan-
an sts. ; well constructed house of 7 rooms and
bath.
LARGE MISSION LOT.
$3000— 70x154; Fifteenth street, near Dolores;
old Improvements; renting for $22 per month.
MARINE VIEW LOT.
$5750 — 34:1x103; W. line Devisadero st, near
Green; beautiful marine view and in a rapidly
growing locality.
MISSION HOME.
$1500—30x122:6; Capp at. near Eighteenth:
2-story bay-window residence of 1 rooms and
batik renting for $35 per month. •
VAN NESS- AVE. BUILDING LOTS.
55x137:6; west line Vang Ness ave., near
Greenwich; splendidly situated for a home or
flats.
Vnion-st. building lot.
$5200 — 41:tixl25; Union st., near Van Ness
ave.
MODERN BAY-WINDOW FLATS.
$45liO — Laguna st., near Union; two modern
bay-window flats; rents $34.
FILLMORE-ST. BUILDING LOTS.
$»_."0 each — 2 lots, 25x87 :« each; Fillmore.
near O'Farrell; flne locality for flats.
CORNER GEART AND BRODERICK.
$4000—25x02; Improvements flats; renting for
$36 per month.
BARGAINS.
$2300 — Cottage. 4' rooms and bath, etc.: brick j
foundation; in flne repair: lovely home: lot |
25x114: sunny side 27th st, bet. Dolores j
and Church.- j
$1300— Cottage, 4 rooms: lot 25_80; Folsom
st.; Vi block from cars; street work all tlone.
$S."O<> — $T>itO cash; 2-story, 7 rooms; modern;
lot 20x125; fine neightorhood: betneen |
Twenty-nfth and Twenty-Fixth sts., Fair
Oaks.
$21(K> — Cottage. 4 rooms, bath and stable: un-
finished basement; can be made into a flat;
Duncan st., sunny side, batween Guerrero
and Dolores.
$1100— Lot 25x125: Fair Oaks st.. between
Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth; sunny side;
flne neighborhood: lots In same block held
at ?2Oh>; 5500 cash, balance long time.
$1630 — Lot 23x78 :(i; San Jcse ave., between
Twenty-fifth and Army sts., bitumlnized and
sidewalk.
$550 each — 2 lots, 23x114: Duncan st.
J. F. PLU-IBE. 1402 Valencia st.
$1400 — Modern cottage; 5 rooms and bath; city
wattr: lot 50x100; $150 cash. $25 monthly.
$1500 — 5-room cottage; redwood finish; electric
lights; hot snd cold water: easy payments.
$1000 — Lot 50x135 on main avrnue; $20 month.
$2000 — 2-story house: store and 11 rooms; city
water and weil; broad street; macadam-
ized.- A34.
$2600— Half block by the Santa Fe: $50 month.
$1500 — Lot for factory site. 221x125. 172.
$2000 — House, 4 rooms, attic and high base-
ment; lot 100x130; street macadamized.
$1000— Ccrner. OSxlCO. on railroad; $13 montn!
$1200 — Hcuse, 5 rooms; barn; well; macadam.
A50.
$450 — Cabin. 1 room: lot 32x125; near station.
CHAS. A. BAILEY. 1056 University ave.,
near San Pablo ave., Berkeley.
2 HOUSES, just finished, 1320 and 1322 Castro
St.. near 24th. opposite carhouse; 7 large
sunny rooms, tastefully decorated and fln- ;
lshed basement: all modern and up to date; !
price low and easy terms to effect immediate :
sale. See owner on premises.
WHY PAY RENT? $40O for house and lot
$35 — Must sell level lot at any price.
$400 for 4 beautiful lots. S. V. water, etc.
$1200 — 4-room cottage, bath, toilet, etc., near
THISTLETON. 272 Sadowa st. Ocean View.
: $1600 — HOUSE. S rooms and bath: brick foun-
dation; lot 25x125. Call at cigar store, SW.
corner of Sixth and Mission sts.
! 5-ROOM house and outbuildings; free water;
I suitable for poultry or hounds: 100x125 ft;
I also unimproved 75x125. 120 Palmetto ave.
! CHOICE Investment flats; paying big Income.
Inquire THE McCARTHY CO.. 646 Market.
A BARGAIN— $4250: CORNER LOT. 2
FLATS. LOT -5x114; 184 CLIPPER ST.
SEE, OWNER ON PREMISES.
'
I 2 FLATS, 5 rooms and bath each; San Jose
ave.: renting low for *47 60: no agents. See
owner. 3500 Twenty-fturth st.
FOR sal* — House 8 rms. ; high basement: sanny
, side 10th, bet. Valencia and Mission: no reaa.
1 offer refused. Stephens & Co.. Union-sq. Mkt.
I MARKET and Dolores — 75xSO feet, u.ilm-
t proved. See owner's sign on premises.
I A WEEK'S news for 5 cent* — The Weekly Call.
I IB pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per yenr.
I rOIST KICHMOXn HR.AL ESTATE.
THE BEST RICHMOND LOTS
ARE IN THE SANTA FE TRACT. ;
$5 PER MONTH. ALL LEVEL.
STREETS GRADED.
! McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st
I SOLE AGENTS.
'WATER front lot* and bargains: all tracti:
m»w. rhotos. "tc. BELI.. 417 Parrott Milr.
! HE-Al. ESTATE TO _.\CHA.\GK.
for" exchange -—¦ ~-~ - ~~
j A RARE CHANCE.
! Modern 7-room hr-us?. lot 43xl5O, on Ala-
meda ave.. between Morton and Willow _t«..
1 for a vacant lot In Western Addition In S_n
' Francisco, or for sale on easy . terms.
! Apply to A. R. DENKE.
1400 Webster st. Alameda.
WANTED — To exchange 160 acres, Monterey
Co., Improved — house, barn, orchard, water. .
fenced — for cheoD house and lot or oth-r
property in city. Box 1751. Call.
OWNER of choice Berkeley real estate would
like to exchange for some In this city. Ad-
dress box 4148. Call office.
REAL ESTATE— Co-atry—yoF Sale.
•WILLITTS. Metiaodno County, Is now th«
center of a large and important railroad ae-
tivlty. W» have for sale In that ?icnlltj
1973 acre* of choice. Improved farming, fruit
and timber land, which we can sell as a
whole at the remarkably cheap price of $13
per acre. McAFEB BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery st, San Francl_co.
10 ACRES fronting on San Leandro road, i
blocks out of San Leandro; elegant buildings
fruit flowers, etc.; a?l in fine condition;
$18,000. '
[ STNDICATE INVESTMENT CO..
Fruitvale. Alameda County, C«J.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards.,
vineyard-: Inspected bargains; monthly cata-j
loguea sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. friS. 1
Market st. t
ALFALFA our specialty; best alfalfa land at
$20 per acre: ditch and artesian water. P. H.
JORDAN CO... 118 Montgomery st.
SAN WATEO HEAL ESTATE.
suburban homes
sa/m/£o MATEO par *
Ee-utlful home lots, averaging about t acre
each In San Mateo Park, the flne.it suburban
j evidence property near San Francisco; thia
property the,famou_ Clark Tract, held for over*
4" year* by the same owner*, recently »_bdl-*
vlded into cottage, bungalow an.i villa homer
sites with wide ana winding avenues; bor-*
dered with thousands of costly shade tree*
ami comprising the most desirable of all the
eligible horn* sites in beautiful San Mateo.
Suburban electric trains now rur.r.'.ng every
"« ramutea from San Francisco for San Mateo
The** villa, lots will be «old on terms of one^
third cash, balance In one and two years.
For maps catalogues and full particulars
apply to or address BALDWIN & HOV.-ELL.
Real Efctate Agents. 25 Post st.. 3. p O r
FRANK S GRUMMON. San Mateo.
San Mateo office open Sundays.
SAN MAXEO. • BCRX-reOAME.
Best suburban home near San Francisco; no
ferry; electric railroad no— running: lot* and
residences for sale. We can sell good lots as
low as $500 each. We will be glad to show
them. We also have some acreage land near
by as low as $100 to $200 per acre.
TO INVESTORS. ' _ '-. ,
"We liave several large tracts suitable for
subdivision. We Invite inspection. "
McAFEE BROTHERS,
1C8 Montgomery st, San Francisco. ResM*nt
Agent. S. O. GOODHUE. Western Union T« 1-
egraph Building. San Mateo.
REAL ESTATE WASTED.
WANTED In a good location, 2 modem flats of
6 rooms each; will find a cash purchaser if
reasonable. Apply box 12.'iS. Call office.
TZ— BZS _AHT>3.
REDWOODS, near R. R.; solid Investment:
$8000. Owner. 837 Alabama St.. upstairs.
STORAGE AM) WlKGUOlSES.
A — EMPORIUM Storage — Van Co.: furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard St.. near Third: phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flee Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. S71.
CO-VXLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 128.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 84O
Mission »t.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore it : phone Jackson 2SL
DEKINS Vtr. and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.: tel. Main 1340. Shipping at cut ratea.
TTPHO-ST— — — 1TO.
Upholstering and mattresses made over at
your house. Box 1?-tft. ran.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
TWO NEW RAILROAD 8YSTEM3 APPLY-
ING FOR CONNECTIONS IN A LAMED-*
EVERYTHING BOOMING NOW.
NOW IS THE TIME TO PURCHASE PROP-
ERTY THAT WILL ENHANCE 23 PER
CENT IN VALUE BEFORE THE
NEW YEAR.
ALAMEDA IS THE PRETTIEST RESI-
DENCE CITY ON THE PACIFIC COAST.
BUT WHILE YOU HAVE THE OPPORTU-
NITY.
WRITE US CONCERNING TOUR. WANTS.
IF YOU WANT TO SELL LIST TOUR
PROPERTY WITH US.
THE LARGEST AND BEST EQUIPPED
AGENCY IN THE CITY.
SPACE PROHIBITS ENUMERATING BUT
BELOW WILL BE FOUND A LIST OF
SOME GENUINE BARGAINS.
READ VERY CAREFU__Y.
$1300 — Fine 5-room cottage; can sell this on
easy terms.
$2000 — Modern cottage of 5 rooms; porcelain
bath; a snap.
$2300— This is a well-appointed house of 7
rooms; porcelain bath: right between the
railroads and schools; near station; lot
40x150; just see this and you wil know
that it is the best buy you ever «aw.
$3730— Beautiful cottage of S rooms; oa Santa
Clara ave. ; just the home for you.
$3000 — Beautiful home; almost new; 8-room
house; everything up to date; sunny; good
view; can be bought for $300 down, bal-
ance on easy monthly payments.
$3250 — Swell modern cottage of 6 rooms; nice
lot; swell location; on Mozart st.
$5CC0 — An artistic, cozy home; built for the
owner; contains S rooms; sun all day;
near Chestnut-st. station; U cheap for
the money; nearly new.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND,.
1422 Park at..
YOUR CHOICE OF BARGAINS.
EXTRA VALUES.
THE BEST PROPOSITIONS IN REAL
ESTATE EVER OFFERED. ACCEPT THE
OPPORTUNITY TO GET A HOME CHEAP.
SPECIAL — A beautiful 8-room modern home.
new, all latest improvements, laree lot. only
$34C0. Easy terms, better than paying rent.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
Only $2500 — Fine 5-room cottage; lot 50x1-0;
chicken yard.
Only $2250— Fine 6-room house; lot 33x187.
Only $2650— Beautiful modern cottage; large
lot; 6 rooms and bath.
Only $4220 — Elegant 8-room modern home on
Grand st.
Who wants the best, corner lot. 50x150, on
the finest avenue In Alameda at the lowest
price ever offered? Thia la worth investigat-
ing. First comes will get It,"
Homes Built, Rented and Exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND CO..
f- *;-.--' 1500 Park st. Alameda.
00OC$ — ANY size house or cottase you may
desire.
0000$ — Any sized lot In any location yon may
want.
0000$ — Any kind of a home In any part of the
beautiful city of Alameda on terms that
are reasonable.
$3CC0— A business that will pay $100 per month
with 3 hours' work; and principal secured
by real estate.
W. K CONGER _ 'CO..
1501 Park St.. Alameda. 2 -
A HOMESTEAD— 10-room house, with stable
and outhouses: let 300 to 450 froniase by a
depth of 300 feet: near station; suitable for
a flrst-class boarding- bouse; terms.
! Also 7-room house: lot 50x294: t-atwesn
both railroads; near Grand st; a bargain.
Also 7-room bouse on Morton st. ; between
station; lot 50x200; a bargain.
A. R. DENKE.
n 14uo Webster st,
Alameda.
DELANOY-RANDLETT COMPANY. "
Our Laurel-st tract is the finest bay shore
property in thia city.
The bungalow is nearly completed. Don't
fall to «ee It.
We win build any style yoa may desire.
DELANOY-RANDLETT COMPANT
1330 Park, st.. Alameda.
$270— LOT. 30x153; $100 cash baUnca $10
per month.
$_t55O— New house of C rooms; chclca lot- $°C0
cash, balance $r» per month.'
J. H. YOUNG. Builder.
- ' —.'13 Park st. Alameda.
REAL ESTATO--CIT~- — FOB'gALB.
O. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery St
Real Estate Agents.
$100,000— To close an estate; MarRet st.; rents
$4200 per annum; 30x80; 3-story and
basement brick building.
$75,000 — Fine Golden Gate ave. corner Invest-
ment; rents $475O per annum; 7 houses
— and lot nearly CO vara; 3 frontages.
170,000— Mission st; water lot; 45:10x137:6;
rents $4200 per annum.
$30,000— Rents $1824 per annum; partially Im-
proved; If fully Improved would pay a
handsome rate of interest on the in-
vestment: to close tin estate; McAllis-
ter st. and rear street; b2:6xl20; sub-
stantial Improvements.
$26,000 — Cor. on Fillmore and Halght sts.;
' repts $2100 per annum; 5 elegant new
modern flats; larsre lot.
$20,000 — Fine business Investment, near Cali-
fornia and Montgomery sts.; brick
foundation; rents $108O per annum;
-large lot; 2 frontages.
$17,500— Rents $1440 per annum; 3 houses;
Sacramento st. inside of Polk; large
' lot; double frontage.
$16,500— Sunny corner on Webster st; rents
$1350 per annum; 5 elegant xundcrn
flat- and lot 27:6x87:6.
$10,500 — Rents $9«0 per annum: flne invest-
ment on Golden Gate ave.; 2 substan-
tial bay-window houses, b rooms and
bath each; 30x100.
$9,000 — Rents $*J30 per annum; near Halght
and Webster sts.; 3 substantial sunny
flats, 7-6-6, rooms and bath each; 25x
100.
$8,500 — Western Addition residence O—..11
' rooms and bath; choice location; 27:0
xl20; renting $600 per annum.
$3,000— 6unny corner on Steiner St.; 80x
106:3; both streets accepted.
$8,000— By order of bank; on easy terms:
San Joce ave.; 2 nice lots, each 2GxBS,
Irregular. ,
$7,000— Rents $6OO per annum: Paclfle
Heights; 2 nice flats; 6-7 rooms and
bath each; very modern; 23x100.
$6.000— By order of bank; very easy terms;
corner on Valencia 6t. and Tiffany
ave.; buslnezs property; large' lot.
$4,850— Rents $570 per annum: 2 flats and
rear house: near Sixth and Harrison
sts.; 25x112.
£3,500 — Rents $300 per annum; 2 flats of 5-4
rooms and bath each; brick founda-
tions, etc., and lot; near Eighth and
Folsom sts.
$3,500— Rents $40S per annum; Vallejo St.; 2
flats of 5 rooms and bath each; brick
foundation, etc.
$3,250— Kents ?3!>0 per annum; near Ninth
and Mission sts.; 2 bouses, 6 rooms and
bath each, and lot.
$3.250— Very co_y Richmond home; Califor-
nia st.; house of 8 rooms and bath; all
modern improvements.
$2.600 — Thirteenth St., near Valencia; 25x95.
$1,600 — Hattle tt.. near Eighteenth; 4-room
cottag«; rents Jltffe; above water; bay-
windows, etc.; 25x100; only $250 cash.
For further particulars of the above and
for the Real Estate Record containing a list
of propsrties for sale In all parts of the^clty,
inquire at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
2U Montgomery st.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
G. H. UMBSEN _ CO., 20 Montgomery Bt
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
Of Investment, residence and unimproved prop-
erties will be held at our salesroom, Monday,
September 14, 1903, at 12 o'clock neon.
MARIE TABOR ESTATE.
Executor's Sale.
The following three properties must be sold
to close above estate. Subject to court con-
firmation:
NO. 1.
217 Vallejo st., bet. Battery and Sansome;
frame improvements consist of 6 tenements;
rents $45 per month: lot 25xS0.
No. 2.
4C-50 Itausch St.. bet. Howard and Folsom;
Improvements consist of 5 front Hats and 2
rear flats; rents $72 per month; lot 25x112.
No. 3.
221-6 Shipley st, north line, bet. Cth and
6th; Improvements consist of 4 tenements;
rents $33 per month; lot 25x75.
MARGARET L. HENRY ESTATE.
Exec-tor's Sale.
2464 Mission st.. west line, bet. 20th and
2lEt; 2-story bay-window residence of 8 rooms
and bath; lot 24x90. Splendid holding to re-
model. Subject to confirmation by court
CHOICE BUSINESS PROPERTY.
> Greenwich st.. north line. bet. Baker and
Lyon; 3 desirable lots in good business block;
27:11x137:0 each.
HAYES ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
5S1-3-5 Hayes st. and 482-4 Linden ave.; 3-
story and basement building consists of store,
with 4 rooms and bath, large light basement, 2
modern flats above of 6 rooms and bath each
and 3 fiats of 3-5 rooms each on Linden ave.;
rents Jl.Vi per month. All in rood order.
Bank mortgage of $12,000 at 6 per cent can
remain.
LARGE FACTORY SITE.
415 Fulton St., south line, bet. Gougk and
Octavia; choice large holdtnc, with frame
buildings, splendidly adapted for factory pur-
poses: 95:3x200:3. with L 27:Cx6S:9 to Grove
st. ; two f rontases.
REFEREE'S SALE.
NW. cor. Sanchez and Duncan sts.; lot
&0xll4. Subject to confirmation by Superior
Court.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
11-13 Lexington ave.. east line, bet. Valencia
and Mission. 17th and 18th sts.; 2 flats. 4-5
rooms each; rents $30 per month: lot 25x80.
CHOICE WESTERN ADDITION LOTS.
Jackson st., bet. Cherry st. and First ave.;
5 choice lots, level and ready for building;
27x120 each.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
721 Brannan st.. bet. <ith and 7th; improve-
ments consist of store and 3 flats. 6-3 rooms
each; rents £41 per month: lot 25x100.
CLARA ST. INVESTMENT:
142-H Clara St.. north line. bet. 4th and 5th;
3 tenements of 4 rooms each; rent.- $_."> per
month; lot 25xS0.
For catalogue an<l further particulars apply
to G. H. UMBSEN * CO.,
20 Montcomcry st.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery St.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION-
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
Of Investment residence and unimproved
properties will be held at our 6alesrocm Mon-
d_y. September 21. at 12 o'clock noon.
MARY A. ROBERTS ESTATE.
Administrator's Sale.
The following: three properties must be sold
to close the above estate, subject to confirma-
tion by the court:
(1)
lS:Jl-3 Ellis Ft., bet. Pierce and Scott 6ts.: '
improvements consist of 2 frame dwellings, 8 i
rooms and bath each; rents $C5 per month; lots
50x75.
(2)
1829 Ellis St.. bet. Pierce and Scott; substan- '
tial improvements consist of 3-story frame
dwelling of 12 rooms and bath; rent $45 per
month; lot 30x75.
(3>
Randall st., north line. bet. Dame and Whit-
ney; desirable building lot, 2fixl25.
CHOICE EDDY-ST. HOLDINGS.
976 Eddy St.. north line. bet. Franklin and
Gough; pood, substantial :j-story frame dwell-
ing containing 12 rooms and bath; splendid
holding to remodel for flats or apartment house;
lot 37x120. with 2 frontages.
JACKSON-ST. LOTS.
Jackson St.. north Fide, bet. Hyde and Lar-
kin: 5 very desirable building lets, suitable for
residences or flats; rents are proportionately
higher In this section than in any other portion
of the city; lots 27:6x137:6 each.
MISSION-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Mission st.. west line. bi*t. Eighteenth an!
Nineteenth; 2 choir* building lots, in splendid
business location: 2."x80 each
GREEN-ST. RESIDENCE.
2427 Green st.. bet. Pierce and Scott; el»gant
modern residence. 10 rooms and bath In per-
fect order; rent $50 per month; this dwelling is
located In a very choice residence section- lot
27x127 :SV«.
CHOICE MISSION CORNER.
Northeast ccrner Thirteenth and Isis sts.. bet.
Folsom and Harrison: improvements consist of
store and 3 rooms, flat of 5 rooms and bath
and 2 dwellings of 6 rooms and bath each- all
In perfect order and steadily rented for $80 50
per month: lot 50xS0.
CHOICE CORNER INVESTMENTS
(1)
501 Harrison St., southwest corner First-
Improvements consisting of 5 flats, 8-6-5 room*
and bath each; rents $119 per month; lot 43x
100.
«)
- 410 to 416 First Ft., near Harrison: improve-
ments consist of 4 fiats 5 rooms each; rents $S0
per month: lot 75x73.
CHOICE MISSION FLATS
3755-7 Seventeenth st. bet. Church and San-
chez; improvements consist of 2 bay-window
flats. 5-6 rooms and bath each; rents J47 50 per
month: lot 25x100. *
BRYANT-ST. CORNER INVESTMENT
321 Bryant St.. southwest corner Ellery, bet
First and Second; new, modern building con-
taining 10 flats of 4-5 rooms and bath each- '
rents $95 per month: lot 25xR0.
CHOICE NOE-ST. BUILDING LOTS
Noe St.. enst line. bet. Fifteenth and Market-
4 desirable building lots. 25xl4C Irregular
For catalogue and further particulars apply
to G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery st.
NE. COR. 19th and Dolores; lot l?6xl20
Sanchez st, nr. ICth — 3 flats, 0 rooms' and
bath each.
$11,000—3 new flats: renting for $100 per mo
$28C0 — New cottage, 0 rooms, bath; easy
terms. -.
Taylor, nr. Bush— 3 flats: let Ctal37:6.
tZiOO — Cottage. 4 rooms; lot 25xl-X>.
$2800 — 2 flats. 4 rooms, bath each.
Guerrero, nr. 21st — Elegant residence- lot
32x117.
$1500— Vlckrtmnr. nr. 22d; lot 25x100. .
PATTERSON. 11 City Hall square.
FOR sale — Residence of 8 large Funny rooms
and bath: everything In first-class condition;
lot 4CxlOO ft.: Sne garden. ¦ Inquire of own-
er on premises. 27,71 Twenty-fourth st. !
$S,75O — BuFinesF. property near Market,* ami
* Fourth nts: sUr* n.nd fW*: nav« npariv
x>J rer c-nt G. II. UMBSEN & CO., 20
Montgomery st J•rnja sajv TliAK CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, ¦.¦SEPTEMBER 13, 1903.
45
OAKLAND ADVERTiSEMENTS.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO..
Real Estate Agents and Dealers. *
1172 Broadway, cor. 14th st. >:A'
BARGAINS IN HOMES.
BARGAINS IN HOMES.
CHOICE REAL ESTATE.
CHOICE REAL ESTATE.
$1750 — Neat little home; handy to cars and
school; house haa 5 rooms and bath;
large lot, 45x150; stable.
$2500— Pretty cottage home on northeast cor-
ner In Piedmont; has 5 fine large rooms
and bath; all modern; larse grounds and
lots of fruit.
$2750— Here Is a bargain; nevr and modern
cottage,* containing 6 rooms and bath; a
beautiful little place in desirable locality,
close to cars.
$.0200 — Nice home on Filbert St.; house con-
tains S rooms and bath; has good stable;
. large lot, 50x125.
$3250— Splendid 8-room house, all new; every-
thing modern and right up to O.ate; loca-
tion the best. This must be reen to be
appreciated. Easy terms.
$3500 — Fine new and modern honw in Pied-
mont; house contains 8 nice rooms and
bath; gas and electricity; nice lot, 5 feet
above street grade; handy to cars and
school.
$3750 — Very desirable cottage of 6 rooms and
bath; all modern: one-half block to two
car lines: one block to school; 5 minutes
to local trains.
$4250^ — Could not offer you better value for the
money; splendid house of .0 rooms and
bath; front and back stairs :: every con-
venience and exceptionally well built.
FINE NEW HOMES.
FINE NEW HOMES.
ON EASY TERMS.
* . ON EASY TERMS.
Let us show you the beautiful homes ¦we
have on the Tubbs block. They contain 7 and
8 rooms and have every possible convenience.
Gas and electricity, hardwood floors, large
reception halls, etc.
PRICES RANGE FROM $4250 TO $5250.
OPEN DAILY FROM 1:30 TO 5 P. M,
SUNDAYS BY APPOINTMENT.
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO..
Real Estate Agents and Dealers,
1172 Broadway, cor. 14th St.,
, Oakland.
ALEX. MURDOCK. Chronicle bldg.. San Frao-
cluco: for Oakland. Berkeley or nn 1 home*.
OAKLAXD FURNISHED HOUSES.
$30— MODERN and up to date 6-room upper
flat, completely furnished; new porcelain
bath; good back yard; only 2 blocks from '\
local tram stations; also opposite beautiful
park on Grove et. ; no children; good back
yard.
GEO. H. VOSE, Real Estate,
111S Broadway, Oakland. '
Mill Valley Advertisements.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
TAKE a trip to Mill Valley to-day with your
wife and children; the ride on the boat to
Bausallto will be very pleasant; arriving at
Sausallto you take the new 3-rall electric
road (the only one on the coast); rides like
a Pullman car, and make the trip to Mill
Valley in $» minutes. You will enjoy the trip
' and the natural beauties of Mill .Valley. In-
cidentally we would like to have you look at
the lots In the Sunnyslde Tract, which are
right at the terminus of the new electric
• road. These unequaled traveling facilities
, are bound to add greatly to the value of land
In Mill Valley: you cannot* lose if you buy
one or more lots: they now vary In price
from $<> to $15 a foot, extra deep; never will
be less, and. In fact, are bound to be worth
more. The terms are only 10 per cent down
and balance . In $10 monthly Installments.
Don't delay this trip, as the lots are selling
very fast; over 00 have already been sold.
Prices will be advanced shortly. 'Call or|
send for our Illustrated and descriptive book-
let. Agent on the grounds , Sunday. LYON
& HOAG. 11« Montgomery '«t.
MEDICAL.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
cold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's
syrir.se and toilets: price J2 50. By express
only on receipt of price. .OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesalo druggists. Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; SO
years' experience; removed to S2tf Post st.
Itr.j, OR. KOHL.' reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 10CSV. Market St.. opp. 3th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL — AH who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on femaia
complaints: positively corrected ; \the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult case* treat-
ed: advice free. Office. 1018 Market gt.
Drs. Goodwin. 7M Turk, nr. Van Nes»— Export
In obbtetrles, female complaints; Inst. relief:
treatment $10; hours, 10 to 5; 25 yrs. eipcr.
MRS. D. ALLEN, Ills Market — Reliable ladlej-
rppclalint; a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; \ow fee*.
A maternity villa; private: secluded; confiden-
tial. Dr. E. Funke, 1416 Etehth st., Alameda.
DR. KOSEX moved to 2095 . Folsom st.. cor.
20th; relief $10: ladies' exclusive otnc*.
IjK. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HEHb);
original method cf treatment. 1126 Market »t.
DR. NO TOY KEE. 319 Powell st.. opposite
1'nion nquare: all diseases cured bv h«rb».
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY, >
601-CC2-C03 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates •¦•cond mortgages, undivided Inter*
ests assignments of rents, property In trust,
•tc. i legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES on furniture and planes without
removal; to salaried people on their note
without security or knowledge of employer;
lowest rates; terms; quickest service and
absolute privacy; special rates to municipal
employes and teachers. The National Credit
Co., ri 68-69 Donohoe bid., 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, aj
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846
Market st.; tel. Main 1644. granch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments: largest business in
48 principal cltlea. Tolman. 653 Parrott bldg.
STRICTLY confidential loans on furniture,
pianos or to salaried people on their note;
proper treatment guaranteed. Illinois Trust
Co., r. 16. Phelan bid.. Market and O'FarreU.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant are-.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000. —
AT cut rates on real estate 1 , furniture or piano;
no commission. E W. LICK. 1003 Mutual
Sav. Bk. bid.. 708 Market; phone Main 818.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
- . people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan Bldg.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds ' pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J.' HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MONEY leaned to salaried employes. O. W.
MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle bldg.
8% ON furniture A pianoe; $18 up; no removal;
V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy «t.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo m 6. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 633 Ksarny.
ROOMS FOR HOCSEKEEPI5O.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk st— Strictly modern; 4-9
room apartments; fur. or unfur. for hslcpg.
BUCHANAN. IS 11— C sunny furnished rooms!.
bath; gas and coal ranges; porch.
BUSH, 2133 — 2 sunny rooms and small kltch-
en; running water, gas range.
CHESTERFIELD, Bush. bet. Stockton. Powell
—Mod. apartments; nearly com.; call 1 to 4.
DEVISADERO. 504, near Panhandle — Two
large connecting sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; privilege light housekeeping; bath
and phone; no other roomers.
DOLORES. 034 — 2 sunny housekeeping rooms;
bath. gas.
> FOLSOM, 625— Large sunny furnished room;
' llaht housekeeping; $1 50 weekly.
FOURTH, 225 — Light housekeeping rooms; also
single rooms.
FULTON, 231— Two furnished housekeeping
rooms; gaa range, grate.
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartment* for
housekeeping; gas ranges; lust newly fur-
nlsbed. 1530 Polk st.
HOWARD. 649— One or two large rooms fcf
housekeeping, with gas and bath.
HOWARD. 1G03- 2 sunny connecting complete-
ly fur, bay-wlnci. rma. ; elec. lights; others.
HYDE, 505— 2 nice sunny rooms for housekeep-
__ing; gas range, bath and phone.
MISSION, 10«— Nicely furnished suites, com-
plete for housekpg; other rooms fl 30 wlc. up.
MISSION. 1312H. near Ninth— Floor of 3 nlc«-^
ly fumUhed rocms; rent $22 50.
NATOMA 701 — 2 large housekeeping rooms; no
children.
OAK. 111—2 or 3 nicely furnished rooms (or
housekeeping; gas stove.
OAK, 117 — Furnished front suite; gas range.
hot bath, laundry; adult; <-.>-$;».
PINE. 1300. cor. Hyde — 2 sunny front corner '
connect, fur, rs.;, folding bed; gas range; $13. ,
ST. JAMES. McAllister an* Laguna— Furnish-
ed sunny suite with separate sunny kitchen;
gas range; all complete for housekeeping:
$15 up. ¦¦, "^
SUTTKR. 2510 — H unfurnished rooms;, 3 large
closets: large back porch; water in kitchen;
bath; adults; only $15.
STOCKTON. 1206— Model: housekeeping: front;
new furnished; $5-$12; phone, gas. bath, sunny.
THE Gille«.pie. 119 Ninth St.— Nicely furnished
rooms. $1 50 ta $3 per' week; phone; quiet.
THIRD. 14" — Sunny housekeeping rooms, com-
plete; front: first floor; hot and cold water.
VALENCIA, 1C96 — Sunny bay-window room.
with use of whole, house during day.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmors.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
(ubscriptions has been established at 10M
Valencia «t.
APARTMENTS TC> LET.
EL MONTEREY, the city's newest apartment
hotel, located on the north side of Pine St..
between Hyde and Leavenworth; a superb
brick building of Spanish architecture; all
the comforts of housekeeping combined with
the conveniences of hotel life; prices very
reasonable.
HO QMS TO LET — Fnrn. and I'nfara.
A — THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP-TO-DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN; 150 ROOMS; 35 SUITS
WITH PRIVATE BATH; ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT; TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM-
SUITS WITH BATH, fl SO TO $2 50 PER
DAY; SINGLE ROOMS, 75c TO $1; HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041.
A ASHWORTH
320 MASON ST.. bet. Geary and O'FarreU.
ROOMS SINGLE AND EN SUITE
..PRIVATE BATH— BOARD OPTIONAL...
SU^' IN ROOMS ALL DAY
A HANDSOMELY furnished, sunny bay-win-
dow room in prtvata residence, four blocks
from Park entrance, and within easy walk-
Ing distance of Affiliated Colleges, $15; aUo
large unfurnished room with private en-
trance; gentlemen only. Address box 1705.
Call office
A — BRUNSWICK House. 149 Sixth — Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte" 873 Market st. (or No. 1
. Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1. $1 B0 night;
$1 60 to $10 week; house open all night.
ASH ave.. SS— Large sunny room, bath, run-
ning water; also large back room, JS.
BELVEDERE. 152 — Large sunny furnished-
rooms to let. near the Park.
BURNETT. 142« Market— (old No. 13S4)— Fur-
nished rooms, suites, single; also untarnished.
CASTRO. 4S6 — Furnished room, with or with- .
out use of kitchen.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 722 — Elegantly furnished sunny front
suite, suitable for doctor's office.
ELEVENTH. 3S — Four rocms. partly furnished.
FILLMORE. 823 — 2 nicely furnished rooms,
suitable for married couple. Call Monday;
references.
GLEN PARK ave., 5 — Sunny furnished rooms;
ring upper bell.
GOLDEN GATE. 847 — Desirable front suits or
single -rooms; opposite Jefferson Square.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms BOO
to $1 50 night; $2 to $3 week; reading-room.
HAIGHT. 11S3— Sunny furnished room; gas
and bath.
HARRISON. 784>j, near Fourtli — Finely fur_
sunny rooms; bath; all convs». ; $1 week up.
HOTEL GRAY3TONB
66 Geary St.; phone Bush 880.
, Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished suites, with baths and singles.
HOWARD. 10C3. "The Harvey 1 *— Sunny single
_ and double, neatly furn. rooms; 11 50 per wlc.
HOWARD, 24fXJ — Large bay-window sunny
room; suitable for one or two men.
HYDE. 819 — 2 sunny front rooms, en suite o*
single; reasonable to right parties.
JESSIE, 363. near U. 8. Mint— Furnished room.
$5; large one,. 2 beds, $10.
JESSIE. 508 — Sunny front room; suitable for
one or two gentlemen; bath, phone, gas.
NATOMA. 102, near Second — Sunny furnished
single rooms; $1 per week.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights: day, week, mo.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night. 35c to $1 EC; week, $2
to $S: month. $9 to $30; elevator on ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; bath*.
SHOTWELL, IS — 1 small front room. $5; 1
large rear, $7; both sunny; gaa.
ST. JAMES, McAllister and Laguna Front
sunny rooms: all pew; very cheap; telephone
Page 5751.
TURK, 254 — Large sunny fror.t room; two or
three gentlemen.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy st.. near Market —
40O single and family rooms; 35c to $1 night:
$1 75 to $6 week; elevator; electric lights; .
reading-room: free bus and baggage. ...
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room; free bus: baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 220O Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions haa been established at 1C06
Valencia st. , '
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
1C pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year"
ROOMS A.\O BOARD.
S^E^EX^O^r^Jan^^rC^^^C&iitornlar stf— At-
tractlve and sightly rooms; best table and
servtcc; lowest rates. ¦'*¦•)
VAN NES3 ave., 1714 — Private boarding-house,
home like, everything first class; sunt.y
suites; single rooms: choice locality; ref.
WANTED — One or two gentlemen to room and
board in private family; terms reasonable.
1042 Stotwell st.
HAYES. 671— Nice front room with board for
gentleman; private family; reasonable.
ROOM and board, double. $5 per week: single
$6: parlor: bath: phone. SOB McAllister st.
PAGE, 151 — Roocns and board In suites or sepa-
rate; modern: homelike: $20 each.
THE LAKE. 268 Turk— Nicelr* furnished
rooms with board. "*^ *
ROOMS A XP _p_ OA^ P WAXTKP.
WANTED — A working woman wants good
home for ag*d «ister: state terms, which
must be reasonable. Box 1753. Call.
SPECIALISTS. ~
.CATARRH. DEAFNE93 and NOISES In EARS"
'positively cured; new method: 1 week's treat-
rotnt free. Dr. Cottlnyham. 204 Sutter st.
For Additional Classified Advertise-
ments Sse Page Forty-Six.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND ;R_AX ESTATE.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
. 460-462 Eighth Street, Oakland, Cal.
1 * BUYERS AND SELLERS
• TAKE I ADVANTAGE OF OUR SUPERIOR
FACILITIES AND QUICK METHODS
FOR SELLING, RENTING OR EX-
; CHANGING PROPERTIES.
; TOO LATE NOW.
That beautiful residence, situated on the shores
of Lake Merritt, with large grounds,
boathouse, etc., worth $25,000 (as ad-
1 vertised by us), Is sold.
____ mm
DON'T BE TOO LATE FOR THIS.
• ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ -.'
I $7,500 — Magnificent two and a half story res-
idence, » large rooms, with every de-
sirable feature of a fine home; auto-
matic gas sparks, inlaid floors, furnace
1 and frescoed ceilings; 6 blocks of post-
offlce; fine terraced lot; terms can be
l arranged.
A RARE PROPERTY.
! $15,000— Worth $20,000; nearly 3 acres, in the
! heart of a large city; a beautiful home
on khe height?, containing 12 I rooms,
sucjounded by beautiful shrubbery and
fruit trees; all modern conveniences;
• marine view; situated in the choicest
| location and on car line; wfll sacrifice
I for a quick sale; grand investment. How
many such properties can you find to-
; day in Oakland? Think over this a lit-
tle.
) A LINDA VISTA HOME.
$0,000 — Magnificent new modern residence, 10
rooms and reception hall, double par- j
lors; pressed brick fire places, frescoed
ceilings, electricity and concrete foun-
dation; Brand elevated lot; marine v^w.
FORECLOSURE SNAP.
$3,100 — Modern house, containing 6 large sun-
ny rooms, all on one floor; extra well
built; lot 50x150 (lot alone worth $1500);
near car lines and locals; investigate.
MUST BE SOLD.
$3,650 — Fine 2-stcry house, 0 rooms and bath;
sunny corner lot; accessible to every
convenience; cost $0000.
INVESTIGATE THIS.
$1,OCK> — Good house, 0 rooms and bath: lot 100
xl25; fruit trees, barn and chicken-
houses; half block to car lines; a nice
home for a person of moderate means.
$500 DOWN, BALANCE TO SUIT.
$2,400 — Bay-window cottage, 6 rooms and
bath; high basement, driveway and
' lawn; street work complete; lot 35x100;
6 minutes' walk to City Hall.
LINDA VISTA LOT.
$50 per foot — In the choicest section of
Piedmont; size 60x125; perspective posi-
tion unexcelled; worth $60 per foot; an
Ideal spot.
GOOD FOR BUSINESS PURPOSES.
$1,500 — Fine open corner lot. 45x100, near
Twenty-sixth st. and San Pablo ave.;
must be sold.
HOUSE WORTH PRICE.
$1,300 — Modern cottage, 5 rooms and bath: lot
35x134; barn; near Valentine's resi-
dence. East Oakland.
FINE LOCATION FOR FLATS.
$1,350 — Beautiful West-st. corner lot with 35
foot frontage; 0 blocks to postofflce;
cheap.
$750 — Neat cottage, 4 'rooms and bath; lot 25
xl33; 1 block from Santa Fe ferry.
-EXTRA SPECIAL. \
A new, modern, colonial dwelling- of 7 rooms
and bath, with every convenience; easily
accessible to market?, car lines and lo-
cals; fine neighborhood. The character
of this house and the extremely low
first payment and easy terms gives any-
one an opportunity to procure a fine
home. Investigate.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
4G0-4C2 Eighth Street, Oakland.
'. •.
« ¦ j
GEORGE H. -VOSE. 1118 Broadway, -
REAL ESTATE.
$1,850 — Corner lot. 75x150 feet; close In;
worth $3000.
$0,000— Large corner lot, 75x100 feet; only 2
blocks from 11th and Washington sts.
$1,000— Lot 75x140 feet, in Linda Vista Ter--
race.
$12,000—10 acres In heart of Frultvale, all
surveyed Into lots of 40 feet each.
$300^ — Lot 50x100; only Wfl feet from Tele-
graph ave.;- must be sold at a sacri-
fice; come and see it immediately.
GEORGE H. VOSE. Exclusive Agent,
111S Broadway. Oakland.
GRAND lNV<pSTMElfT.
$10,000 — Bullness property, store, flats, cot-
tage, etc.. on a corner and rented $112
per month steady. Call and Investigate
this bargain.
THE ALDEN CO.,
1118 Broadway, Oakland.
$20 PER month on the property and only 6
per cent Interest buys a new. modern home
of S rooms: porcelain balh and sink; !aun-
i dr>'; sanitary plumbing; gas and electric
i lighting: sunny side of street. fronting
! electric line and within walking distance of
I /local trains to San Francisco; choice resi-
\ dence location; street work all done; >.tone
walk al! laid: open lawn In front: or will rent
for $30 per month; small first payment re-
quired if sold; Investigate at once; excep-
tional chance to eet a home on payments
like rent. GEORGE W. AUSTIN, 1002
Broadway, Oakland.
$100 CASH and $30 a month buys new, colonial
house; fine marine view; cAtral and con-
venient: dining-room paneled in curly red-
wood: open and nickel plumbing; lot 5Ox
145; surrounded by" magnificent homes-
owner rreTers to sell on terms rather than
rent: ?0O a month refused as rent for this
house; a rare opportunity to buy a mag-
nificent home same as paying rent; abso-
lutely ns represented and price SloOO less
than cost to duplicate
GEORGE W. AUSTIN' or I. S. MYERS
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$250 CASH, ?8 50 monthly will buy a nice 4-
roomj cottage, bath, pantry, closets; Al well
of water, none better In quality; large shed
barn nnd patent chicken-house- loads of
shrubbery. Email fruit and flowers- some
young fruit trees, two ornamental palm trees
2 lots fUxlCO, all nicely fenced in; a lovely
section adjoining East Oakland, away. from
raw winds and fogs, sure; come and see it
for it is a barpain. Call or send for circular'
455 Seventh St., opp. Broadway station Oak'
land; carriage free; price all told $S90 H
Z. JONES. Land Owner.
#.
BPEClAt BARGAIN"^
$1500— Cozy cottage of 4 rooms and bath-
sunny side of street; near Twenty-sixth
nnd San Pablo ave. : walking distance to
Fourteenth and Broadway.
THE ALDEN CO.,
1118 Broadway, Oakland.
E. P. COOK] ~ 503 Fourteenth stl
.$3S00— An Meal home, located on Oakland ave.
In -Piedmont, commanding a grand view'
The house Is new and modern, has 6 large
rooms, bath, a beautiful receotlon hall
large lot, terraced with cement bulkhead'
For a beautiful home this cannot be du-
:; plicated.
E. P, COOK, 503 Fourteenth st.
» JUST WHAT YOU WANT. ; """^
GOOD MODERN HOME ON OAKLAND
HEIGHTS.
HOUSE has parlor, dining room, hall, kitchen,
large pantry down stairs; four bedrooms and
bathroom upstairs. "Will be sold for $3T50-
close to crosstown line; see this. '
J.TS. NAISMITH.
464 Twelfth St.. Oakland. , ; ,
•'> OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
FOR rent — Cottage. 8 rooms; up-to-date; stable
etc.'; $20 a month; carpets for sale chean*
031 Sixtieth St., Oakland, at Adeline station
on railroad to Berkeley. . - '
OAKLAXD 'FUnXITUIlE POR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furn£
ture. H. Schellhaas. lllh st.,cor.store,Oaklnd.
FRlilTVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
_» y WtJITyAJL,E RKAt ESTATE. -J
_„ ,. , J- V. MATTESON.
i fruitvale ave., near E. 14th st. Frultvale. Cal.
Phone Broak 205.
| WE HAVE BUMMER ALL WINTER LONG
l?,r. F i tl:ITVALE: A DELIGHTFUL RB-
X!:F^T FROM THE BUSY CITY, AND A
iv, 1 ',^ HOME PLACE. WHEKE FOGS
AND \\ir;r>S SELDOM VISIT.
™^-., LA ,? GE T ' IST OF MODEL HOUSES TO
CHOOSE FROM. AND MY TIME IS TOURS
IF YOU CARE TO SEE THEM.
$2350—7- room cottare; corner lot 4OxlS3; hljrh
basement; city and well water: chicken
houses and barn; fruit and b<-rries; near
station, school and electric cars.
$3000— Grocery; corner lot, 50x130; complete
stock and fixtures; excellent location; no
competition; laying well; owner leaving
on account of sickness; 8-room house on
lot SOxloo adjoining for additional sum
I . of $3000; fin, garden, barn, etc.
i $24C0— 5-room cottage; lot 34x1 2j; 1 block
from station; h'gh bpsement: gas, tlec-
tricity. city water, chicken house and
yard; very ea*y terms to right .party;
must be disposed of.
$3000— 7-room 2-story h»use; lot 35x125; fine j
location; every modern convenience; easy
Unas.
$1900 — 4-room cottage; large lot; located near |
station, electric cars and school; gas. por- I
( celaln bath and other modern conven-
iences; terms.
i $150 — Corner lot; a bargain seldom offered; '
100x100; good location.
j _ UNIMPROVED PROPERTY IN ANY IX5-I
; CATION; TEH1IS TO SUIT PURCHASERS. !
j ARTISTIC HOME3 DESIGNED AND I
I nuiLT TO ORDKR FOR A SMALL AMOUNT I
i DOWN AND THE BALANCE ON INSTALL-
MENTS.
J. V. MATTESON.
Fruitvale ave.. near E. 14th st..
Fruitvale. Cal.
; zz
ETNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY.
FRUITVALE— FRUITVALE— FRUITVALE.
THE CLIMATE IN FRUITVALE IS IDEAL.
THE SOIL IS DEEP AND RICH.
ALL KINDS OF FRUIT AND FLOWERS
. GROW IX ABUNDANCE: EXCELLENT CAR |
SERVICE; .VOENT- FARE TO OAKLAND, j
j SAN FRANCISCO AND DERKELEY.
! WE HAVE SEWERS. GAS ELECTRIC-
j ITY AND FINE GRADED STREETS.
I AS AN IDEAL HOME LOCATION FRUIT-
! VALE HAS NO EQUAL ABOUT THE BAY.
| We are exclusive agents for the Sather
I Tract, one-half cf which has already been sold
this present year. This tract surrounds the I
Dewey School, fine of the best graded schools
I In the county. Prices for the above range from
I $175 ud to $40O.
j 4
Half acres, $700 to $'J00.
Cash or installments; interest only 7 per
I cent.
i We also have over .VK) lots In different loca-
tions surrounding Frultvale Station at prices
ranging from $100 to $250.
SPECIAL BARGAIN.
Corner lot. 71x125. with new cottage of 4
rooms; near local; $:W0O.
WE HAVE AND ARE CONSTANTLY
BUILDING 4. r>. U AND 7 ROOM COTTAGES
; WITH LATEST IMPROVEMENTS AND FOR
SALE ON TERMS TO SUIT PURCHASERS.
OUR CARRIAGE AT YOUR DISPOSAL AT
ALL TIMES. EVERY COURTESY EX-
TENDED TO PURCHASERS.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY,
(Incorporated.')
VALENTINE G. HUSH. President.
L. L. M. BALSBCRT. Salesman.
Fruitvale Station. Fruitvale, Cal.
Phone Afh IJS7.
S. F. Office. 207 Montgomery st.
H. A. PLEITNER, Frultvale Station.
$1600 — Beautiful new modern cottage of 4
rooms and bath. hall. etc. ; high base-
ment; good brick foundation; cement
walks: convenient to local trains and elec-
tric cars; $lo0 cash, balance same as rent.
$1200 — House cf 4 rooms and bath: pantry. 2
closets; large barn; chicken and brooder
houses; good well; lot 100x230.
$2200 — 2-story house of 0 rooms, bath and all
modern, improvements; lot 37:6x105; cniy !
4 blocks from Fruiivale station; easy i
terms. J
$1600 — Special bargain; cottas«\of 5 rocms. 2
rooms finished in basement; nice stable;
fruit trees; chicken houses; lot .V!x225;
all tenced; $150 cash, balance same as
rtnt.
$1350^ — Modern bty-windnw cottage, of 4 rooms
and bath: lot 35x120; located In the beta j
par: of Fruitvale; half block from elec-
tric cais.
$1100^ — For sale in Oakland: cozy cottape of J !
rooms and lawment; large stable: city )
water; lot 50x133; $100 cash and $14 per
month. :
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale station.
CHARLES F. LEE. Phone Vale 203. ;
One-half Block from Station.
$1000 — Nice 4-room cottage; fine well; lots
Of flowers und berries; close to church school '
and cars; lot C4xlOO.
$12m> — Queen Ann C-room cottage; fine well, '
fctabio. chicken yards and house; also city
water; flowers and fruit trees; lot 100x100.
Sl.'.r.O — Stylish 5-room hlrh basement brick |
foundation cottage; 20 fruit trees, chicken j
yard and house; fine arbor; nice fence -all'
around: boautiful Fhade trees; close to town j
hall, school church, postofflce; a bargain; easy
terms.
$1700 — 5 room and bath Queen Ann cottage;
close to station.
$180<^—5 room and bath cottage; stable; near !
Ftation, school and cars.
$2200 — 6 room and bath Marie style cot- :
tajte: new. and only $200 cash required.
$¦".000 — 0 rooms and bath; windmill; lot 50 ,
x220: tn the hills: fronting two streets
$4000 — 8 rooms and bath: stable; abundance
of shrubbery, fruit trees and flowers; cars pass j
the door; let 80x203; on a corner.
$75 lots. $5 cash. $5 monthly; Rosa Lee ;
Tract: no *vlnds or fogs here.
CHARLES F. LEE. u, block Frultvale. sta-
tion; carriage free.
ELROD &. HULL. ~ -— — —
$1050— 2- room cottage; barn, fruit trees, • ber-i
ries; lot 53x120: near school and electric i
cars; terms can be arranged.
j $1800 — 7-room cottage, bath, city water: barn- i
berries, flowers, shade trees; lot 50xl2r> :
near electric cars, school and local station; '
here Is a real bargain.
i $1900— R-room. 2-story house; modern; one
block from street cars; corner lot, 50x125-
a very small payment dqwn, balance no I
more than rent; come and see this place, j
$1000 — Corner lot. 90x170. with cheap grocery '
etore building: a good location; adjoining |
this place we have a 4-room cottage; mod-
em: lot 50x176. to sell cheap; small pay-
ment down, balance monthly.
$2C00- T «-room cottage; hot and cold water,
bath; good barn; 40 bearing fruit trees,
flowers; close to cars.
ELROD & HULL, ™
Frultvale. Phone Brook 1145.
$650— A FINE 3-acre chicken ranch, close to
car line; 5-ropm cottaee, with new fur-
niture; 400 chickens, chicken houses. and
"fencing for 10 large yards; Incubator,
brooder house. 1 horse and surrey, 1
wason, bone .machine and tocls etc •
windmill and tank. House, barn 'and '."I
acres of land with 2 years' lea»e at $12
per month.
$2000— A new all-modern 5-room cottage; on»
block from street cars and jlose to sta-
tion; lot 33x115.
$1400 — A fine new 4-room modern cottage 2
blocks from station; lot 25x125; $200
cash, balance' to suit.
$2500 — New 7-room modern 2-story house In
fine locality; street work all done; lot
¦ 35x110; $175 cash, balance to suit.
$4000 — Z% acres of fine sandy loam, with street
on three sides; about 5 minutes' walk
from street car line.
Apply to ALAMEDA LAND CO..
1151 iUJd ave. station. East Oakland, Cal.
4-ROOM modern cottage, stable and outbulld-
Ings; electric lights, -etc.; lot fi0xl20; large
apricot trees; city water; sell on terms;
$1650. .-¦>,_ .¦,.¦¦,'¦ ¦
SYNDICATE. INVESTMENT CO.,
\ Frultvale Station.
$3200 — MODERN cottage of o rooms and "bath-
high ba^ement; barn, tank and windmill;!
family orchard; lot 00x140. Inquire on prem- |
icee, first house on Fremont ave., off East
Fourteenth et., Fruitvale. C. O. DANNET.
CHEAPEST ar.d best in America — The Weekly
Call. 10 pases, eent to any address in- the
United States or Canada cne year for $1.
i HvKFUrVjjTOrnSEMENTS '
-!iil!y : ::v H «"*I. K«T\»Tie.
'"'N.S"Vi?;u?'*'!f ; 3 ™'"°<~ "°™
rc.Vl down 1. r » 1 '»-'i«4 stallun; lorniB.
c^diniTt^^^^-nth.ln.
S'.»r,,^y ou £f C m, gooA welu Jot £
tenn* i"r £?" railroad nation;
«» »a> , Fold on easj- terms.
t3S °?te a 3^°V' h °«~. 8 rooms and bath;
h J*j ' a eo<A PronotfUori; terms can be
* 3im ~^i f ' V \ u ll room ho «~ on Telegraph ave. :
L?7 : l^ e r ? om3 : elegant bauh; lot. 41x
*-«. Jet us show you this fine place.
* CS5 °w v>w h0u * < '- v - room * U| l bath en Col-
£1 .»: el l gilnt in *¦*"•>• way; this is
our &L r ' Mtt I ' I * Oe * th * t we have
CENTRAL REAL ESTATE COMPANY
2149 Center et.. Berkeley Cal
. ** J. Andergor.. City Agent. 4U3 Montgmry.
°^ * .F 00 * 5 bu!I(! i"* s'-te in Berkelev. \i>
fot /u-i ™ U r tO " day a lanre> nlcely "^ated
'01. full 50 reet south frontage, street work
? OM f^ * S0 °- K™ 1 "^ is B "«-e to ad- -
\an^e 50 per cent in value in lees than two '
, J?- "* hav<? a '- so a sightly 40-foct lot'
in North Berkeley for $S50; and still another
choice hcrne eite, south of the University and
p*fn ° f Co i !t « e avenue. 45x135 reet for $11^5 |
6U1I another cheap lot east of Telegraph
near IJwicht way. a. first-class residence dis^ .
trirt. havir^ a frontage of 50 feet, eastern I
exposure; can be had for $1150.
WE are offering a great bargain in a ©-room
house; art:stic and modern In every resnect-
lot eoxieo; basement, lawns, etc./f oT»6000 :
r location is the beautiful Hillegas Traci. '
• A stylish, modern, new, 7-room house In ex-
cellent location; lot 4<*120. convenient to S P I
• local and the new ferry system. This prop-
S2 ™ falrly wcrtf > 83*10: will eell for &SU>-
t«k* tZSO flown, balance tn easy monthly pay-
ments. Tfeis is a real snap.
For full information about th« above and
other bargains in Berkeley property, oall on
cr adiress ALLEN i- ELLIS, 2129 Center st.',
Berkeley. V
$800 — 3-ROOM house, stable, wagon shed
chicken oou*e; lot y0xl25; V» block to
cars; good chicken ranch.
$S(X) — 3-room cottage; handy to cars; rooms
. hard, finished: high basement; patent toi- j
let; street work complete; small cash !
paj-ment. balance $10 per month. ;
fSOO^ — Store and i rooms; fixtures; electric
lights; fine location: larv*? lot; street
work complete; $250 cash, balance $10
per month. ¦
$1500— 4-room cottage: well: basement; large I
lot: $300 cash, balance $14 per month.
$2000 — Fine 6-room house; street complete:
c!ose to care; fine location; $300 cash,
balance $20 per month.
. }.'.<». — ft rooms; one of Berkeley's finest
houses; 2 toilets; gas and electricity;
er-l^ndid location.
.$*<XX> — I lots and cottage of 4 rooms and one
of 2 rooms, to exchanre for a ranch of :
equal value; street work complete: eaey !
term*; will take fcous* and two-seated sur-
rey as flr*t paymert on a lot.
W. C. MORAN. Lorin Station, or C. C. EMS-
LIE. Ashby Station.
HERE IT lt=.
7-room house, bath, patent toilet, stationary
tubs, china closet; large lot: oonvenlent to ]
both ferry line*; price $2250; terms $150 ¦
cash, balance easy payments.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sunday. Lorln.
_______ [
A n«r 5-room cottage; bath, patent toilet,
stationary tubs; cloee to station and street
cars; j>rice $1550; terms $100 cash, balance to
suit.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sunday. Lorin.
A BARGAIN.
0 i i ucwil cottape: bath, toilet, stationary tubs; i
larpe lot; fruit trees, flowers: chicken-house •
and yard; Ffice flOOu; ttnr.s $100 cash, bal- |
ance sazr.e as rest.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sunday. Lorin.
f l'< mi — HOUSE of 5 rooms and bath; near
Santa Fe P.. R.
J'JTi'x) — Hovse of 5 rocm* and bath: larpe lot.
$25*0 — House of C rooms asi bath; Telegraph j
ave.
$24w — Kousie of 6 rooms and bath; sunny side
cf street; near North Berkeley Station.
$30<X» — Bor.nie little herae near the hills; house ',
of 5 rooms and bath; lot 100xl?>5.
$^500 — New house of 7 rooms and bath; near '
the station; a thorough bargrain.
i ' . r. — 6 acres of land with cottage house, i
lance bams; or.ly 15 minutes' *al_ frcm I
station. ,
$7000 — A new house of 8 rooms, furnace, etc.; !
fine comer lot. ;
$C500 — Here's a chance to make meney; fine ,
corner lot. 135xl ri 0, and good hou.se of H j
rooms; street work all done; only 2 bluck* '
from station.
JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Estate.
Berkeley Station.
$125<* — BIG sr.ar.j cottage, 6 rooms; basement; '
mill and fine t&akhcuse; large lot; close
to cara.
$2600 — Cottare, 4 rooms, bath; hlg-h basement; !
nice garden; fruit trees; lot 40x110.
$1000 — Cottage. 5 rocms. bath, large hall; nice I
garden; fruit and berries.
$2400^ — Fine barraln; modern houne, 7 rooms,
bath, laundry, etc.; lot COxl35; close to !
station, etores, etc.; a genuine «nap; $200 '
cash.
$:i000 — Splendid opportunity; new, up-to-date '
home: » rooms and bath; large lot: close '
to station ; fine location; a little cash and :
monthly payments takes it.
OH. D. IRWIN,
Lcrln» Eutlon. Berkeley.
CHENET & BERRY'S SPECIALS.
30 lots near Grove St.; $400 to $500; In-
stallments.
One acre cheap; North Berkeley ; $1500.
House 6 rooms and bath; east of Telegraph:
lot 60x120; $2250. "^ ' j
, Will build to suit on Parker ave., near j
Grove, -r.d sell en installment.
House of 7 rooms and bath; new and mod-
ern; lot 25x100; Derby, east of Telegraph: I
$4000; cheap: j
A bargain — 60x130; Prince and Fulton; $600-
ea«y payments. : *.
CHENET & BERRT,
P. O. Block. Berkeley.
? DESIRABLE country home at Walnut
Creek, Contra Costa County. Cal.; 5 lota. &0
xl40 each; house with 3 bedrooms, kitchen,
par,try. china closet, washrooms, bathroom,
etc.; hot and cold water In house; two wells I
windmill with 6000-gallon tank: chickenl i
house. 5 varieties of grapes, 2 fig trees. 4
plumf S apples. 4 pears, 12 English walnuts I
< bearing). 22 eoftshell almonds, 60 English
walnuts to graft this year, large variety of
flowers and r.io lawn; barn holds 40 tons of
hay and ti horses; cfiee $4200.
W. J. MORTIMER A CO..
2123 Center «t-, Berkeley. Cal.
WHDtf you come to Berkeley amn you will
find the best bargains in town in our new
ofnee in the Fink block, 2123 Center st.
We are making a special run on lots by
the fcalf acre back of the university grounds;
a!w> on fine building- zite« In the sightly
Wheeler Tract and XwUy's Scenic Park, near
the university.
W. J. MORTIMER & CO..
Successors to
MAY & MORTIMER.
FINE rhlcken ranch property; clo»e in; near
car line; a snap.
$2«;0— Good etore building; lot 37:6x100; good
location to ctart a. business,
LITTLE & WOOLSEY.
2110 Shattuck ave., Berkeley. Cal.
UWTOS & ALBEE. real estate, have for sale
Berkeley homes, residence and business lot* j
at lowes* price? ; choice Investment property,
paying 6 to 10 per cent net. liefer to either
bank In Berkeley. 2139 Center et.
11 acres, adjoining university, whole or, dlvi-
elon«. IjR. MOl'EER. owner. 7O7 Bush. S. F.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent*— The Weekly Call.
1*\ paces, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
M I K E S A \ D MIX I X G.
LAI5T owning hlrh-rrade ffioia* dairnn wishes
lady r»rttn-r with means?" • MIIS. CIFFXEY.
1101 Twenty-second m Oakland.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
- FRUITVALB REAL ESTATE.
H. BARKMEYER, ™—
1200 Frultvale ave., Frultvale, Cat.
Tel. B^ook C33.
LOTS. LOTS.. * LOTS.
$100 each — Two short blocks from car lino and
mr_n county road; 5c carfare to Oakland
> and Berkeley.
$C50 — Cottage of 4 rooms; corner lot, COxlOO,
all fenced; 2 blocks frcm car line; near
school and church; terms $50 cash, bal-
ance $7'50 per month; very cheap. (Fitch-
> burg.)
11200 — Cottage of 4 rooms, pantry, closets, etc.;
lot lf»i>x2aO, all fenced; large 2-6tory barn,
good well and pump; 1' block from car
line; terms if desired; fine chicken ranch.
$1CCO — Neat new cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
| all modern; lot 40x115; % block from elec-
; trie cars.
U7C0— Cottage cf 7 rocms and, bath; all fur-
nished; large veranda, high' basement; let
50x141; fine well, windmill and tank; 2-
slory barn; 2 blocks from electric cars; a
sacrifice; owner is going to Europe.
' SiyoO — Splendid cottage of 5 rocms; all mod-
ern; high ba&t-ment; situated on Fruitvale
: ave., 1 bloik from Fruitvale station;
terms, $101) cash, balance same as rent.
j Business opportunity — Corner grocery stcre.
btook and fixtures; lot 90xl7»5, in bearing
orchard: chicken »nd pigeon houses; on
macadamized street: thrifty location; all
! . for ?H€0; also adjoining cottage of 4
rooms and bath, hard finished, lot 50x170;
I .for $1060. ,y, ,
S-.';<'0 — Almost new cottage of 4 rooms and
bath: corner lot. 71x125; 1 block from
Fruitvale station;- terms If desired.
H. BARKMEYER,
, 12CC Fruitvale ave., Fruitvale. Cal.
i ' ' — ¦¦— i
I '*•¦»« l t ; i v . .i . l i (v \ ; ¦•(»».;< iilil <<K».
j C-ROOM cottage, furnished. Apply first house
on Fremont ave., off East Fourteenth st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD IICAL ESTATE.
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCR6FT (INC.),
1W» BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
BANK PROPERTIES. EASY TERMS.
LOW PRICES.
i $l,S30 — Neat bunsalow cottage; 3 rooms, bath,
etc.; barn; driveway; lot 32:tixl25; $350
cash, balance easy.
$2,000^ — Nearly new cottage. 1% story. C
rooms, bath; every modern convenience,
very neat; eunny; close to broad gaugo
local schools, etc.; an exceptional bar-
; gain; easy terms.
1 . 0142
I $2,000^ — Cost to duplicate, $2500; the neates.t
and cqgtpst cottage of the year; 5 rooms,
large Wreption hall; artistic tinting; gas
and electric lighting; open plumbing; the
dining-room a special feature; large
bathroom with the latest finish; high
basement, etc., etc.; lot 40x124; street
work complete; marine view and good
surroundings; small payment down, bal-
ance easy monthly payments.
$3,000 — On Piedmont ave., near Moss; home*.
7 rooms, bath; modern; fine condition;
lot 40x125; terms.
0133
$r»,2.*.O — Howe et., near Moss ave.; house. 6
large rooms, bath, etc. ; strictly modern;
40xly0; terms to suit. ,
I $4, COO — Walsworth ave., near Moss; house, 12
rooms; modern; barn, driveway, flowers,
lawn; etc.; fine view; good surroundings;
lot 35x120; terms to suit. *
— --O12S 0
$4,750— Adeline st. L near Fourteenth: house, 8
rooms; modern; fine lawn, flowers, etc.;
lot 5»xl27; close to local trains, schools,
etc. ; easy terms /
014S^
$8,500 — Elegant property, corner on Fourteenth
st.; house of 13 rooms; modern; indi-
vidual water supply on premises; proper-
ty includes besides the home ground 2
fine lots for flats, which will make a
fine investment: offer wanted; further
particulars at office.
$10,000— Original cost $fti.0O0: an elegant home
on Durant St., near Franklin; 14 rooms;
lot 75x100; must be seen to appreciate
value.
NOTICE — THE ABOVE PROPERTIES ARE
GOOD VALUES; OWNERS WISH TO SELL-
OFFERS MADE ON SAME WILL BE SUB-
MITTED. TERMS, SMALL CASH . PAY-
MENT. BALANCE BANK MORTGAGE
FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED.
| HOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT
1000 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
FRANK P. LEE. — — —
011 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
$4250— New, up-to-date colonial, 7 r., attic-
cemented basement: lot 50x100; near Tel-
egraph ave. and Thirty-third.
$3650 — Modern O r.. driveway, barn; lot 35x
135; Telegraph and Twrnty-flfth.
$2000 — Modern 5 r., colonial; best plumbing-
barn; elevated lot, 35xl!iO; West and Thir-
ty-seventh.
: ?3150— New Swiss colonial. 7 r.; elevated lot
40x150; Market and Thirty-seventh.
S2C50— Swiss colonial, 7 r., almost new; lot
35x125, on 80-foot street, near Telegraph.
I $2250 — N. W. corner on ilort ave., near Tele-
graph; modern 6 r.; lot 50x100.
! $2S00— Grove, near Thirty-seventh; new colo-
nial, 7 r.; sunny.
j $2000— Cor. Grove and Fifty-ninth: modern I
Cottage. 6 r.. basement; lot 40x120.
i ?2y00— New 1 '4-story cottage, 5 r., pbaslng I
arrangement; lot 36x122; In Piedmont
district; owner going away. :
; $3750 — On Telegraph; ave.: extra good co'.taire
6 r.. basement; lot 50x300 to Clairmont
ave - '
! $2800— Fine cottage, 6 r. r basement; Union st
within call limits; 30x133.
RESIDENCE LOTS.
$1150— Thirty-fifth St., near Grove; 50x122
$G00— Thirty-elRhth (80 feet wide), near Tele-
graph: :i5xl25.
' $1000— Twenty-ninth, nr. Grove: 50x140
: $2009 — Corner on Brush; 41x105.
I $«*X> — Silver St.; sewered; 5uxl25.
I skm:ii — Twenty-second, nr. Grove-'
$1450— Eighteenth, nr. Filbert; 3Sxl3O " '
$9000— N. W. cor. Eleventa' and Webster'
50x75.
; Bargains In San Pablo-ave. business prop-
; erty. v
FRANK P. LEE.
011 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
E. M. DODGE & SON. ~ " " ~
Splendid Piedmont lot, 40xlC0; near cars-
good view; $S75. <-«" = .
Good Investment: Grove-st. lot; near new
crosstown line; • 50x125; bargain; $1100.
Handsome cottage on Twenty-third bt near
Telegraph ave.; 9 blocks to local train; $2050.
Neat 2-story house near Fortieth st en
Grove; 7 rooms and bath; $2500. '*
S. SI. DODGE & SON, ;
1160 Broadwny,
an^uer^nt^e e rt^c a i^. SyndICatepr ° P " U ' >S
WILLIAM P. TODD. EsTA^ E 1070 BroadwaT.
$2500— Nice 5-room cottage; lot 37:6x115; near
Telegraph ave. - . - •
$3250— New bungalow cottage; 7 rooms; mod-
ern; near trains; easy terms.
$4200— Fine S-room 2-story house; barn; large
lot; between Telegraph ave. and Grove st •
• walking distance to town. '.'
WILLIAM P. TODD— c| . ; 1W0 Broadway .
DEAN & MITCHELL * " ~ *
052 Broadway, Oakland.
For exchange, a fine home In Berkeley for
Oakland home of near equal value.
$5000— 2-story house of 7 rooms, all modern-
windmill and tank; lot 3Sxl38: corner Vir'
glnla and Walnut sts.
$5000 — l'^-story, 0-room housej all modern-
bath, electric lights, barn, etc.; lot' lOOx
, 100; Pine st. '
We seH and exchange city and country prop-
erty. • ;
SPECIAL bargain— House almost new- 7 large
rooms and bath; nickel, plumbing; all mod-
ern; beautiful electric and gas fixtures and
mantel; most complete house In Oakland.
Price $2750; must be seen to be appreciated:
,.vr c « P - W - ANDERSON.
127 San Pablo ave.
HO.\EY TO LOAN — Con tinned.
"6TAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R.311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bid
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndor»»r. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bid.?.
\
A — TOU will not have to pay for special sale
advertising on these bargains. Uprights:
Collard. $37; Sherman & Hyde. $117^ Fllaher.
$95; Singer, almost new, $163; 2 Stelnways.
good condition, large nnd small size. $163.
$325; Chickering, $S5.$15O: 3 Heine, second-
hand, $195; slightly used, $237. $395; 1 Heine
baby grand, $725; Krell, slightly used, dark
mahogany. $295. New bargains: Mason &
Hamlin upright. $2S5; Behr Bros., mahoeany.
$247: Conover, $2t>5. Piano players tllxhtiy
used from $60 up. Pianos rented. $2 up.
apply en purchase. Installments. $4 up.
Cash discount if paid in two years. H KIN 12
PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st. ; largest ex-
clusi\-e piano house of the West; agents for
the Gabler, Krell. Steger, Heine, Singer, etc.
'A SMALL walnut Emerson upright, absolutely
like new. $135. 237 Geary st.
STEINWAT uprljcnt. left ' by private party.
- $165; a great bargain. 237 Geary st.
YOU do not take any chances when buying
from us. Our methods^ are well known to b?
open and above boards "Big bargains, not
big ads," is our rule. All goods gruaranteed
as represented or no sale. Call and se« largo
assortment of new and used Instrument*.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 7G9 Mar.
ket st.
A FEW upright bargains from $70 up, compris-
ing such makes as Chickering. Jaeobson,
Vose. Sterling. Knabe. Fischer. Schwechten.
Weser Schuman and others; easy payments.
\BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell St.; no
branches in San Francisco.
THE greatest opportunity ever offered. In San
Francisco to get a good reliable piano cheap.
Before our removal we will sacrifice any in-
strument for cash or installments. Call or
write for prices and terms at once. KOHLER
& CHASE. Established 1850. SO O'Farrell.
BAND Instruments: F. Besson, Paris, maker.
Gus Maiwald. Agt. Pac. Coast. 273 O'Farrell;
skillful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments sold.
RARE chance: cash or payments; elegant high
grade upright. 16 McAllister st.
/Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltehead's Storage. 1636 Market at.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's.285 O'Farrell.
BUY direct from the factory and save 50 per
cent. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st.
BEST renting piano in city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
6OHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos Cecilian piano
player. • BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zither*, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
IB pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 year.
_ PERSONALS.
A GRAPHOPHONE trte with two dozen rec-
ords. Make your friends a present. Talking
machines and records of all makes ex-
changed. We are manufacturing headquar-
ters r.nd our guarantee means something.
COLUMBIA PHONOORAPH CO.. 125 Geary
S. F., and 4«8 Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
'•VrUikiw, yellow and flabby skin, birthmarks,
Emailpo* plttings and scars scientifically re-
moved without cutting, massage, electricity or
medicine-; special demonstrations this week.
Call or write Dr. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
SPECIAL — Reduced for the month only, home
treatment that you can use at your own
home, removing wrinkles, tan.' freckles, leav-
ing skin clear and smooth : to be had only at
my office. Call or write M. ELLA HARRIS.
"SI OTarrell at.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its grwth.s'ops falling, ct.re« <1andui.t
and Itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp: at druggists', hairdressers" ;ac-
'cept no substitute. Star RemedyCo..385Ceary.
IF ALFRED AITCHESON TRACEY will com-
municate with the undersigned he will learn
something to his advantage. R. C. *T-
WOOD, P. O. box 2205, San Francisco, Cal.
RAO carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chcnille-wove rug3. silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth St.. Oakland.
NOT how cheap, but how good is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, ayent, 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave..
corner Suttcr »t. ; fee moderate.
MARRIAGE directory free to all; pay when
married; new plan;. send no money. For par-
ticulars address II. A. HORTON. dept. 143,
Tekonsha. Miclu : ' '<
REMOVAL— DR. W. C. STRATTON has re-
mcved his office from 2255 Mission st. to
rooms 573 and 574, Parrott bldg (Emporium).
BED-WETTING cured; package of Pen-ine,
direction and booklet mailed free. Missouri
Remedy, Co., dept. 620, St. Louis, Mo.
LADIES are guaranteed full busts by use of
the great Mammalene: treatise sent for 4c.
Mammalene Co.. P. O. box 2013. S. F.
HAIRDRESSING In all branches taught: $5 for
2 weeks. Up-to-Date Halrdressing Parlors.
1026 Market St.. room 1. upstairs.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall. Howarti
et.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
AT less than «st. uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trjusers, at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
THE highest price paid for ladies' or gents"
cast-off clothing and all articles of value at
WEINBERG'S. 114A Ellis Bt.
ELEGANT suits on easy Installments: 50 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127
Market st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
B. GREENFIELD, tailor — Communicate with
your brother Homer, 74S Harrison st.
THE best place to buy good umbrellas or
have them covered or repaired Is 120 Stockton.
ALL styles hairdresslng 25c; hair goods: manl-
curinK. 25c G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton St.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50: dress pants $2 60.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
fcUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electr'c needle. Dr.&Mrs.Trav<rse.H70 Market
•MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs,
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henr.a restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
Supenluoua hair and moles removed with elec-
tric needle. Mr*. & Miss Eaton. Ilia Sutter.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents — The Weekly Call.
i*» naeen. In wrapper, for mnlllnar. $1 per year.
BUSINESS PEBSONAI.S.
LADY owning high-grade mining claims wishes
lady partner with means. MRS. GIFFNEY,
1101 Twenty-second st.. Oakland.
PHVSICIAAS A.\D SLRUEOAS.
DR. C. C O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021 % Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh..
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
treats all diseases of the human body; {or
part four years at 115-117 Mason; cow lo-
cated at 6<!7 Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY, successor to Dr. LI Po
Tai. herb doctor; cures all diseases of human
by iis« of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All di«-
easea cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
¦PIANOS AND ORGANS.
PART of our list of bargains in second-hand
pianos for September. 1903 —
Original -
Price. Now.
1 SCHUMAN & SONS —
Walnut case, : medium size, 7 1-3
octaves, three pedals, raised carved
panels. In good condltton ,$3C0 $140
1 RICHMOND—
Mahogany case, small size, raised
. carved panels. 7 1-3 octaves, three
pedals, slightly used, but In good
condition 300 175
;i SPENCER—
Walnut case, cabinet grand, en-
graved panels, three pedals, 7 1-3
octaves, good condition 325 180
2 HOWARDS —
Walnut cases, medium size, 7 1-3
octaves, three pedals, mandolin at-
tachments, good condition; each.. S80 1S3
I MOLLENHAUER & BACH—
Walnut case, large size, raised
carved panels, three pedals. 7 1-3
octaves. In very good condition... 350 100
1 NEWMAN BROS.—
Walnut case, large size upright.
7 1-3 octaves, thoroughly renovated
equal to new 330 200
1 LUDWIO & CO.—
Oak case, medium size, raised
carved panels. 7, 1-3 octaves, three
pedals, good tone. In fine condltton. 350 210
Complete list- furnished on application at
our store. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
. Corner Keamy and Sutter sts.
TYPEWniTEBS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT 'BARGAINS i IN^^PEWRriTGR^-^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals S3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 53ti California: telephone Mala 208.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; set par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
. gomery st. - •
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inioec. Co. 20!) Suuom*.THE -SAN . FBAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, Y SEPTEMBER 13, 1903.
46
KELP W ANTED— FEMALE Con.
WANTED — Girl to do general housework; 3 in
family. Apply! Monday afternoon. 542 Clay-
ton st. t J ¦ . .
A— OPERATORS on ladles' underwear; good
pay. 056 Mission St.; ihird floor.
A — GIRrfs to learn machine sewing on ladles"
underwear. 650 Mission St.; third floor.
GIRL for general housework and to assist in
bakery at 1794 Halght Bt.
WANTED — Competent French second girl. Call
10 to 1, 2015 Buchanan st. — .
EXPERIENCED finisher on ladies' tailoring.
H. ASHER. 52t Post st.
GIRL for/ general housework and plain cook-
Ing. 305 Scott St., near Page.
AN elderly German woman to do a. few houiV
work in a rooming-house. 22 Sacramento st.
W ANTED — First-class finisher on pants; steady
work. 104 Kearny st.
WANTED — A middle-aged lady to take care of
an old lady. Box 1244. Call office.
GIRL or middle-aeed woman to assist with
housework. 1710^a Sacramento st. '
APPRENTICES for glove trada; wages from
start. Carson Glove Co., 123 Second st.
EXPERIENCED saleslady; steady; for candy
store, at 1409 Polk St.; call after 10 a. m.
FINISHER on custom pants. 622 Clay, room
ISA. «,. r
REFINED ycuns lady light office work; small
wages; refs.; 473 Valencia at.; call Monday.
WANTED— Competent girl for general house-
work. 2316 Pine, between Pierce and Scott.
A REFINED, educated woman to Iravel. Box
1239. Call office. ET% \
A LADY, -of indomitable energy to make money
and~a convincing talker.- F. PERSON, 477
and 47S Parrott building.
GIRLS wanted to wrap chewing gum. New-
ton Gum Co., Second and Folsom sts.
GIRL for general housework. 61 Cumberland
St.. bet. 19th and 20th. Guerrero and Dolores.
GIRL to assist in small family; sleep home;
$10. 115 Bartlett St.; before 1p.m.
GOOD tallorcss wanted on coats. 701 Geary
street.
WANTEE^— Young lady to work In candy
store; n» experience necessary. 148 Fourth.
WANTED — A first-class talloress on coats.
655 Geary st.
WANTED — Reliable German girl for upstairs
work and wait at table; wages $20 to $25;
call after 5 o'clock. 517 Buena Vista ave.,
between Frederick and Waller sts.
NEAT young woman for general housework,
Fmall family; good wages. Call 1524 Va-
llejo st.; carfare.
EXPERIENCED sewers on silk and wool
waists: best pay; steady employment.
KONIGSTEIN. 28 First St.
APPRENTICES for glove trade; wages from
start. Carson Glove Co., 123 Second st.
"WANTED — Lady cook for small hotel. Inquire
at 13C0 Stockton st. Phone John 6761.
LAllY agents on salary. Call 3 to A, otflco S3,
Columbian build.'nsr, 916 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
\ received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call adveAsements and
subscriptions has been cstanfahed at 1006
Valencia at.
UK LI' WANTED — MALE.
SALESMEN — To call on business and profes-
! slonal men by Introduction and request only;
• must engage with view to permanency: have
good address and executive ability and be
capable of presenting In forceful and con- L
vlnclng manner; a strictly high-grade propo-
sition; preference given to man from 25 to 45
years; compensation $4000 annually. Address
1124 National Life bldg., Chicago.
SALESMEN wanted to fill vacanoies: 2 travel-
ing specialty salesmen, worth $3000 per year
and expenses; staple, attractive, fast selling
line; trade well established; responsible, weii-
known house. Write, giving age, experience"
and references; personal interview arranged.
Address box 1235, Call office.
j
WANTED — Flrst-elass hardware man to take
charge of dept., understanding shelf, heavy
hardware, vehicles, implements; state age,
salary, etc.; refs. must accompany applica-
tlon. Add. Dlnkelsplel Bros., Bakerstleld.
WANTED — Educated man to learn our busl?
ness and take responsible position when '
qualified; position permanent; salary $900;
references required. GEO. L. SHUMAN &
• CO., t>4 Columbian building.
TRAVELING salesman; an active, energetic
man for Cal. territory; staple line; estab-
lished high rated house. F. R. JENNINGS,
Sales Manager. Detroit, Mich.
SALESMEN make 600 per cent commission
selling "Novelty Sign Cards": merchants
buy 10 to 100 on sight: 80O varieties; cata-
logue free. SULLIVAN CO., 1133 Maple-
wood ave, Chicago? 111.
WANTED— Educated gentleman to locate In
Oaklanu and write short articles for publica-
tion, $18 per week; no communications an-
swered without references. Box 1720. Call.
A YOUNG man about 15 years of age with
grammar school education; In wholesale gro-
cery business: good penmanship and refer-
ences required. Box 4200. Call office.
WANTED — Boy from 16 to IS years of age to
make himself useful around a printing
office: one experienced preferred: state
wages expected. Box 1234. Call office.
MALE Diano player to demonstrate popular
sheet music in a large music store; hours 12
to 6 p. m. : state experience, salary expected.
Addres box- 1745. Call office.
WANTED — Young man about 18 years old as
stenographer, typewriter and office assistant
in wholesale house. Address, stating salary
desired, box 12IS, Call office.
TRAVELING salesman for Calif., capable of
producing results with staple line to coun-
try merchants; bond required. Box 60S,
St. Louis, Mo.
EXPERIENCED traveling salesman for Calif,
at once; we want a salesman, none other
1 need apply. Address Drawer S. Chicago.
WANTED everywhere — Hustlers to tack signs,
distribute circulars, samples, etc.. no can-
vassing; good pay. Sun Adv. Bureau. Chicago
WANTED— Men everywhere; good pay; to dis-
tribute circulars, adv. Jnatter, tack signs,
etc.: no canvassing. Nat'l Adv. Bu.. Chicago.
DETECTIVES — Every locality; good salary;
experience unnecessary. International Detec-
tlveAgency, Milwaukee, Wis.
FIKST-/:iJASS man for general office work;
state,' age, experience and salary expected.
Address box 1247, Call office.
WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Applx between 9 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED— Office boy In wholesale house-
hours, T to 6: give age and salary. Address
box 1237. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS salesman for linings; state ex-
perience and salary expected. Address box
1750 Call office.
TAILORS — First-class coatmaker wanted for
the country. STEIN, SIMON & CO.. Mar-
j ket and Second sts.
WANTED — Barber: first-class workman to
take charge of shon for a few weeks; state
wages. C. JORDAN, St. Helena, Cal.
GOOD porter; references; steady job. Apply
Sunday between 11 and 12. PAUSON & CO
"00 Kearny st. . , [
A YOUNG man to take orders and help in
/ meat market. Call to-day, 2070 Ellis st be-
tween 1 and 3.
$50 PER week; solicitors wanted; salary or
com. PYROX, 161 New Montgomery st.
ALL-ROUND printer wanted by Petaluma
Courier. ' . -<
ERRAND and cash boys. ROOS BROS
• Kearny at Post.
PLASTER mold makers at Lincoln Cal
Gladding. McBg^n _ Co.. Rlalto bldg.,' S. F.
ERRAND boy Avith good recommendations
"ROGERSOS'S, 535 Valencia st.
SHOEMAKER wanted at 239 Third street.
WANTED— Energetic outside men! THORN-
fc CO.. 207 Montgomery st.
BOY. about 16 years old, to learn trade: steady
employment. 35 Glen Park- ave.
TVANWCD— Bill clerk, wholesale house. : Ao%
dress, stating references, box 1740, Call.
WANTED — Strong errand boy. • E. II LEVY
Inc.). 513 Market St.
WANTED — Man for nursery and general work.
500 Halght st.
TWO chair barber shop; cheap if sold within
three days. 105 Santa Clara st.. Vallejo.
WANTED — Good general blacksmith and
shoer. II. HORTOP. Rutherford. Cal.
FIRST-CLASS pre.sser on vests. .230>^ Ninth
St.. opposite Clementina.
.WANTED— A good cook for boarding- house.
Jefferson Hotel. Harbor View.
B 9. Y i', l £-£°^ to ' work -In blacksmith shop.
Call Z&tU Folsom at., near Twenty-second.
BO T r°. f i 1 \ wholesale good opening;
$4 .k» start; name references. Box S22, S. F.
RELIABLE boy, wholesale house; $1 CO start-
references required; apply 7:30. 1U1 First at.'
COTTAGES TO LET. '
$14 — 5-ROOM cottage on Cottage row, be-
tween Bush and Sutter sts.. near Webster.
Inquire 21114 Bush st.
sriniTi-ALisai.
READ on page 34 of the discovery of a lost
husband by Ismar, the Egyptian Gypsy.
ARRIVED— PROF. FRED P. EVANS, the fa-
mous psychic; stamp tor circular. 1112 Eddy
¦St.. uear Octavia. -
A— ETHEL. CRINDLE. materializing seance*
Friday end Sunday eves.. 00c. 1115 Post st.
KATIE HECSSMAN, circle Friday evening,
25c; sittings. 1C0O Harrison st., cor. Sixth.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings daily.
C:.1O to 4; eeancea Sunday and Thursday.
MRS. WINCHESTER. 1609 Clay St.— Last clr-
cle Sunday night, s o'clock.
CLAIRVOYANTS,
ATTENTION— $1 $1 ?I *T $1
My regular $3 readings this week for-
II II II |1 II II II 11
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE,
The first registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist, ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge If I fall to tell you your
name, occupation and what you called for; I
promise to tell you whether husband, wife
or sweetheart is trae or false; I tell you
whom and when you will marry; in fact, I
. will tell you every hope, fear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; I improve
your character so that you will reach the
highest possible development In mental vig-
or, health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth, so you will live happy and contented
the rest of your life. H^s— 10 a. m. to 8 p.
m.; Sunday, 2 to 8. 326— O'Farrell at.— 328.
¦ A $5 READING THIS WEEK FOR
II II II $1 $1 $1 $1
KYRA DE LIDDY,
The Celebrated Yagl Adept,
Palmist, clairvoyant and psychic healer. Mme.
Ce Liddy reads your life by the Hindu Yagi
method, that Is only taught by the adepts of
Inpia. Arc you In financial or domestic
trouble? Have you had disappointments in the
past, and are anxious as to your future? Mme.
tie Llddy points out your opportunities and
places you in the way of obtaining wealth,
health and happiness. Her system of curing
all forms of nervous diseases by her. method of
harmony is something marvelous. Consult this
wonderful psychic and you will never regret it.
460 Geary 6t.; hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. in.
MMF- M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
t occur In the future; it you are In trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied in life, or have do-
mestic, love or business troubles, this'
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice in all affairs
of life; 25c up ;' satisfaction guaranteed; read.
ings by mall. Tel. Black 45C9.
ARRIVED — Prof. Fred P. Evans, the famous
psychic from N. Y. ; known as the independent
glate-writer and clairvoyant; remembered as
Cal.'tnnoBt respected and gifted medium; in-'
dorsed by the leading societies and Journals
devoted to spiritualism and psychical re-
search for the marvelous manifestations that
occur in his presence: consulted daily on all
Important matters. Spiritual or material of-
fice, 1112 Eddy st., near Octavia; send stamp
for circular.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St., cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, J5: send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. Send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered lettsr.
A — MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond Eight; tells the past, present and future;
Sadies, 60c; gents, 51 ; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting; $1 SO. 126 Turk st.
Mrs. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading. 10c, for
a short time only; when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clalr. and palm.;
has second sight: a wonderful prophetess;
gives names; L. 50c: G. $1; 3 questions by
mall,|2;hrs. 10 to 9. 714 Franklln.nr.Q^G.ave.
BEAD on page 34 of the discovery of a lost
* husband by ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy.
FREE— FREE: — Your fortune told; send birth-
1 date and .1 2-cent stamps new. DR BEST,
144. D. 166. Chicago. "
: A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th st. near Market.
MISS WARD, high psychic medium and palm-
ist : hours 8 a. m. to 9 p. m. 413' Maeon st.
MME. 11ARCEAU, clairvoyant card reader;
love, marriage, •business; 25c. 542 Minna st.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la, 25c.
gents 50c. 951 Mission St.. nr. 6th; open Sun.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader: ladies
2Sc: gents 50c: readings daily. ' 132 Sixth st.
! OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
26Vi Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c, gents 00c.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
tlngs dally. 448^ Jessie St.. bet. 8th and 6th.
CWCT BEATOGAKD CLEANING.*
AIR, compressed.' dry, ice cold, is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning: carpets, on
'floor, without removal or Injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid. ; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'8 Pioneer Carpet-beat-
I ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co., J. McQueen
proprietor. 329 Guerrero gt.; tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating--
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard ;South 216
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1*03 Harrison st. f tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
?~U Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE, B0 Geary— All
ailments of the feet cured: corns, bunlona.etc.
DENTISTS. ¦•-———
DR. LUDLOM HILL. HiTMarketrnrl-ievcnta
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. SOc; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown, |3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth at.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Set teeth, $1 SO up; crowna. $2 up; fllllngs.2gc.
GOLD fillings. 75c; sliver, 33c; crowns. J2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewitt,204 Sutter.
10 PER CENT off this month; estimates free.
New York Dentists. 9CT Mission *t.. cor. 6th.
mttlSSMAIvEllS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDowell dressmaking
AND MILLINERY SCHOOL
¦Will fit you for business, r
Will give* you practical course in full.
Will teach you to cut. baiite, fit and finish.
Will give you the leading system of cutting.
Any pattern cut to measure. 1010 Market st.
McDOWELL Dressmaking nnd Millinery School
—Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art't button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
DYEIMG ASP CLEANING. "
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights Dve Works. 8915 Sacramento; phone
for wagon. West 45.3. H. HICKMAN. pres.
Ct» U C A'riOX A— .
A — CALDWE LL College of Oratory, Acting,
Opera and Authorship; largest in the West;
14 teachers; positions guaranteed; fill term
begins Sept. 7; day and evening class! beauti-
ful new catalogue free. 1295 Market, cor. 8th.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Poet. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches;
day and night sessions; ill us. catalogue free.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 123e"i.Tar^
ket; modern,' progressive, practical; esttib- !
ltshed IS- years. Gregs shorthand, fastest,
easiest, most readable. Actual business
bookkeeping; typewriter at home free.
AYRES, the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket bt. ; epeclal summer course In all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship. $50; day and evening sessions:
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkin st.
"A thorough school" ; positions | secured for
. graduates; modern" methods; Individual in-
struction. Write for illustrated, catalogue.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st.,
between Pino and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
HEALD'S School of Mines — Electrlcity.24 Post
st., S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Fpecial catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Ctyil. elec., mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; eat. 1864. Van
¦ <5er Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SYSTEM, discipline and results; the Golden
Gate Commercial College. Van Ness and Gol-
den Gate aves., S. F. ; fills every requirement.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION....... Day and
- PAKTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.... Night class.
HELP WASTED MALE Con.
AT CALIFORNIA EilPLOYilEN'T AGENCY.
50 Third St.. n«-ur Cali t!a«. ; pnoae Vaali -.v*>
'? NEVADA— FRED FAKE— NEVADA.
200 laborers, fouihern FfcclUc"* own wort,
new /job. >2 a nay; $!s board.
\V*g snl» —very Day — free Fare,
?o sectltm Lands, an partd of CalUurni—,
EUREKA. HUMBOLDT* COC3JTX
FARE ADVANCED.
]0 lumber Diiern, *35 and board.
10 laborers, $30 and bcarri.
SHIP TO-DAY (SUNDAY).
,-.'•* BY. STEAMER POMONA.
FREE FARE.
10 lumber handlers and read graders. 52 »
day and ?40 a month.
Timber ftllers, crosscutters and other wood-
men. S43 to {80 a month and board.
CASPAR. MENDOCINO CO.
FREE FARE. BIG LUMBER CO.
7 tunnelmen, 52 75 a day.
7 laborers and teamsters, $2 a day.
8 teamsters 1 and muckers, $2 2.'. a day.
10 men for the mills and yards, $Gi> to $<~>
a month and board.
FEE- 51. FARE- FREE.
4 rough carpenters, country,* Ions job, 8
hours' work. $3 CO a day.
7 laborers, city, 9 hour*. $2 23 a day.
Office cpen to-day (Sunday).
CAL. E_P. AGENCY. 58 Third at.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENOY.
620— Sacramento St.— 520
Phone Main 1101. Cor. Leldesdcrff St.
ASTORIA. OREGON. _,> £
5 NeaV PORTLAND. FEE $1. £
T FARE only $3. NO DISCOUNT. T
0 25 laborers, $31 and founJ. "
R • 25 rockmen. $50 and found. «
1 CALL and se« US to-day— SUNDAY I
A Company work; year's Job. A
We ara th« only office shipping.
15 fruit pickers, Napa Co.; board where you
please; $1 75 day; long Job.
OUR OFFICE OPEN TO-DAY (Sunday) A.M.
We shiD to Butte Co.. Chico. Astoria, Coos
Bay. Wlllits. Caspar, Reno. Eureka, all
over on the S. P. R. R. Co.'s own work. etc.
EUREKA— HALF FARE— LARGE L. CO.
20 laborers, you'll Kilt. $2 day and up, board
only We day; HUMBOLDT CO.
Centrifugal man. auxar refinery.
Baker, see bo*s here to-day. $12 week up.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
620 — Sacramento st. — 520.
COMPETENT and reliable cutter; none othef
need apply. S. N. WOOD _ CO.. 740 Markat.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 M per pair; foot-form shoes at- $2 50. or
orthopedic shoes. $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Tlilrd St.. Exam. bdg.. S doors from Market.
WANTED — Stock clerks wi|h experience in
the wholesale millinery business. Apply
HOLM — NATHAN. 512 Market st.
WASTED — Errand boys. Apply HOLM _
NATHAN. 512 Market st.
JEWELERS. 32S Bush St.. third floor, room 4,
WANTED — Gardener; must understand fully
entire work of garden and lawa and glv»
reference as to ability and Industry; good
wages and comfortable home. Address G. B..
box 33. Ross Postofflce, Maxin County.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 an<t
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pax
express or mall chgs. 11 Third St.. Exam. blJ.
WANTED — Flrst-claas fancy goods and notion
man to accept position In Los Angeles; must
come well recommended; state age, experi-
ence and salary expected. Apply box 4191.
' Call office.
WANTED — Young man who Is thoroughly ex-
perienced In silk and dress goods to go to a
city not far from San Francisco. Apply be-
tween 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Experienced bookkeeper for lum-
ber company's mill office; state experience
In lumber; salary $150 per month. Box 410J,
Call office.
FIRST-CLASS tinner and sheet Iron worker:
steady work. 814 Kearny at.
BOY wanted to learn Instrument making; paid
while learning. Call at 500 Clay st.
ARTHUR MILLS— Please call at 1108 Post »t.
BOY about 15 years for men's furnish! n*
store. 424 Kearny st.
BARBER trade taught free. For particular*
address W. B. C. 647 Commercial st.
WANTED — For the U. S. Marine Corps, abl?-
bodied. unmarried men. between 21 and; 33:
rood character; must speak, read and -writs
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
In all parts of the world, on land in our u*-
and possessions, and at naval stations la th»
United States. Apply at recruiting office. 4O
Ellis st., San Francisco. Ca!. : 222*4 N. Malta
st.. Loa Angeles. Cat., aod 401 K St.. Sacra-
mento, Cal.
WANTED — Educated gentleman to locate la
Oakland and write short articles for publica-
tion; $1S per week; no communications an-
swered .without references. Bex 1720, Call.
MEN to learn barber trade: only eight -weeks
required; special offer this month: catalogue
and full information mailed free. 1'CLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 655 Clay* st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to knot*
that Ed Rolkln, Reno Housa . proprietor, has
added ICO new rooms to the D»nver Hous*.
217 Third s_j 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per r.ieht.
WANTED — Roujjh carpenters and laborers.
Apply room 14, 26 Montgomery St.. Saa
Francisco Construction Company.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen fcr Europe and
Anstralla. HERMAN'S. 2« Steoart St.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 10. Phelaa
bldg. Past Com. Gep. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition in 9. B*.
Barber School. 741A Howard st.
¦WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Ma>
ket — 700 rooms, 35c night: reading room*:
*; free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmorsw
ALL sizes men's ajjoes, slightly damaged, halt
1 price. 5C3 Mission st.. bet. lat and 2d st*.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting: 25o
to 50c. 5t3 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2J sta.
HOT— LS AMD BOARDIXC-HOISES
THE PRINCETON """
(Eurotiean Ptan).
Superbly furnished and the only high-grad*
residence hotel in the city which Is operated
on the European plan: located at No. 710
Jones st., between Sutter and Post aim. and
reached by 3 street car lines: rooms""*»nostly
'arranged en suite, with bath, electric lights,
steam heat, long distance, telephone In every
suite} billiard and smokins rooms and a mag>
nlficent grillroom. Rates are very reasonable.
HOUSES TO LEI.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for dr-
cular. Q. H. CMBSEN & CO..14 Montgomery*
A — HOUSES and fiats to let; an immense list:
service absolutely free: take advantage off
this department: it -win aava you time and
trouble. Cordea Furniture Co., 243-259 Geary
at., on the square.
TO let— Three elegant residences on PresMla
Heights. Ni*s. 3030 Jackson St.. 8 rooms and
bath, social hall: C02S Jackson st.. It rooms
and S baths and storeroom: 3<X>4 Jackson st.,
11 rooms. 2 baths and stcierrom: these resi-
dences are all up-to-date In every way. hava
separate entrances and are open for inspec-
tion dally. • For further particulars apply
A. J. RICH * CO., 112 Montffomery St.
CHEAP rent — 10-room house on 40th ave..
near Ocean boulevard.
$7 50 — 2 furnished car* on 4Sth ave. near
ocean beach. JACOB HKTMAN CO..
H7 Sutter st.
A NKWLT finished house, eight rooms, bath,
l.irc- basement: rent $t>O. 824 Fulton St.,
near Kill— .ore.
VAN NEFS ave.. 21W5. near Parlflc avs.—
Modern house. 10 rooms; rent $70.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN' & KOWELL. 2.1 Post »t.
HOUSES TO LET KIU.MSHKO.
OAK. 41!> — Elegantly furnished hcuse; 10 roomi
ami 2 baths; lat— e garden: grand view.
— _— .—-__~»— —-»————»— —————— - ——_——» _ —^
3EL TEJEBE HOPSZS.
TO let In Belvedere — A small sunny hou*?-
cczy and well furnished. Box 4302. Call of-
fice.
l !f :^'
WANTED— For six months or longer: mod— n
furnished home; Pve»ldio Heichts district-
rent no object: must contain ten roorr.-i or
more. Bex Ii38, Call office.
UV-STOCIC rOB SAXJ»
j : ~
SOMETHING NEW.
A Diet of eood milk made into a pound of
xoch} butter In less than a minutes; send st
bill for receipt. Address Staticn C P o
her 5ni. Ln 3 Angeles. Cal. ¦ ' ' '
LOFTS TO LET.
LOFT to lease— «8 Mission st. ttVr conw
cf Ancle; light loft of 4000 «quar» feet^o**.
tender and freizht elevator service ; wIIUmim
for a term; rent reasonable. SHAIXWArn.
I HELP WASTED MALE C°j___
OPEN TO-DAY,
SUNDAY.
MURRAY - READY, _ ,
PHONE MAIN 5S4S. 631 and 638 Clay si-
LEADING EMPLOYMENT & LABOR Agts.
Office half block long; 11 clerks employed:
by cur own printing plant we publish a
"FREE" Bulletin of Labor, containlns ev-
ery position segregated under departments,
ready for distribution 7 a.m.; also noon and
evening editions.' GET ONE FREE. Ger-
man. Italian. French. Spanish, Portuguese.
, THIS IsNvHAT
; MADE US FAMOUS.
We know no distinction between man and
man.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WE _COME.
1902 WE GAVE . 1003 WE'LL GIVE
45.000 MEN WORK. 60,000 MEN WORK.
TO-DAY WE SHIP FREE TO
NEVADA. ARIZONA,
OREGON, LOS ANGELES,
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS. WILLIT3. UKIAil.
AND ALL POINTS S. E. and Santa Fe.
NORTH. EAST AND SOUTH.
RAILROAD HELP of ev^ry description. In-
cluding drillers, hammer and corner men,
muckers, laborers, teamsters, blacksmiths,
cooks and waiters. $5, ?4, $3. $2 day. •
MURRAY _ READY. 334-636 Clay at.
CARPENTERS FREE FARE.' *
4 carpenters: large winery: fare $3; $40 fd.
Carpenter; ranch; $3Oc faro; $40 and found.
6 carpenters, house work, fare $1 30, $3 50
day.
16 carpenters, big 'lumber company, north.
boss here.
15 carpenters. 6 helpers; big water power;
south: $90 and $67 SO.
MURRAY _ READY. 631 and 636 Clay st.
ARE YOU GOING FRUIT PICKING TO-DAY
. OR TO-MORROW? 293 men w_ ottd; any-
body can do the work; a man or a boy who
can eat fruit can pick fruit.
$1 FEE $1 FARE.
FRUIT $37 60 found FRUIT
PICKING $30 found PICKING
TO-DAY $34 found. TO-DAY.
"Some to work about Backing and dry houses:
you can have a good vacation. Go. come back
with $90 to $120. We ship NORTH. EAST.
SOUTH: also many to the great wineries.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
COME.
363 laborers, teamsters, city and country
Job?. $2. $2 CO and $3 day. All classes of
work. ,
Come, see.
155 Italians. $2 25 day.
•You board yourselves. Steady Jobs.
26 laborers, free fare. 14 miles away, $42
and found.
155 coal miners, free fare, $3 to $5 day.
103 laborers, teamsters. Wlllits, Uklah, ir««
fare, $67 50.
Do you know — Free fare.
On every train we snip to S. P. Co's own
work, on all divisions, laborers, extra gangs;
also section hands.
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
156 teamsters and ax men. $75.
107 laborers and drillers, $75.
155 track layers, ballast track. $67 CO.
~ Cost you only $1; no discount: steady Job.
MINES. QUARRIES. TUNNELS.
155 labprers, you'll suit. $60. $75, fd.
96 miners and timbermen. $30 found.
156 quarrymen, also drillers, $82 to $90.
96 carmen, furnace men, $75. .-
STABLES. FARMS. DAIRIES. HARVEST.
196 farm, orchard, vineyard hands. $30 to $43
found. ,
38 mllke/s, butter makers, $30. $35. $40 found.
156 har/est hands, hay balers. $2 50. $3 day.
fc'S chojemen, coachmen, gardeners, $30-to $50
and found.
16 stablemen, city and country. $30 to $45 fd.
86 men for brickyards. $35 to $80 found.
MARRIED HELP WANTED.
12 men and wives, farms, orchard*, mines,
mills, $40 to $70 and found.
MURRAY & READY.
\ t 634 and 636 Clay at.
WHERE ARE THEY?
86 lumber trusts and syndicates.
Located in Four States.
Managers Here. ' Two Territories.
FREE— FREE— FREE.
995 laborers, no experience wanted, $35 to $70
and found.
188 experienced mill and yard men. $40 to
$150 and found. .
383 wcodchoppers. $40 to $50 and found.
386 woodchoppers, tiemakers. shingle, post,
picket and box bolt makers; tools and pro-
vision* found. *
BIG L MURRAY & READY,
TRUSTS. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— COOKS. BIG PAY.
COOKS. BIG PAY, COOKS COOKS.
26 cooks for harvest and fruit ranches, hay
presses, etc.. $70, $60. $50. $40, $30 found;
very few men to cook for; no women there.
"4 cooks for different mines. $70. $65, $50. $40
found.
, 46 cooks, hotels, restaurants, cafes, saloons,
etc.. $70 to $40 found.
WAITERS.
S2 waiters, different places, including cafes,
grills. $45 to $30 found.
6 bell and elevator boys, city and country
positions. $15 to $30 found.
0 porters and bedmakers. city and country
positions. $45 to $20 found.
86 dishwashers, etc.. city and all parts of
, California. $40 to $25 found.
IS boys to kearn trades and work in fac-
tories. $6 to $12 week.
MURRAY & READY, ' 634-636 Clay st.
SPECIAL —BY— TELEGRAPH
MIDNIGHT —BY— PHONE & LETTER
Carpenter.. Solano Co.. fare $1 50. $3 75 day.
3 Germans, wine cellar, city. $1O. $12 week.
15 laborers, large mine company, fare $2,
$30 found.
Fireman, |2 50 day; assistant foreman, $2 25
city.
12 laborers, city factory, board home. $60.
3 young men. city mill, $9; laborer, help
carpenter. $60.
16 ranch teamsters, different Jobs, $32 to $40
and found.
TUOLUMNE CO.— FARE PAID.
39 laborers, flrst-clas3 lumber company, $60.
-ARIZONA TO-NIGHT.
EUREKA — HUMBOLDT— FARE PAID.
•32 laborers.. blg-,> good lumber Co.. $6O to $73.
EL. DORADO COUNTY— FARE PAID.
16 more laborers, big lumber trust, $42 found
RESERVOIR WORK.
25 laborers and teamsters, fare $1 50: $67 50.
• 68 TRACKMEN. NEW WORK. $67 50.
2 tank coopers, winery, $3 50 day.
26 lumBer pliers. Santa Cruz County. $60
TO FRESNO MOUNTAINS FREE.
25 laborers*, mills and woods, $40 to $S0 fd
SOUTH TO-DAY.
25 laborers, pile lumber, $40 found.
0 young men. pile lumber, free fare, $40 fd
WAREHOUSES.
12 laborers, fare SI. you'll suit. $3 day
2 blacksmith helpers. $2 day; 3 blacksmith?
$90; blacksmith, vineyard, fare $1 25. $40 fd
Boilermaker's helper, country, $2 25 day
German or Scandinavian choreman, private,*
$23; buggy washer, harness cleaner, country
stable.
HALF FARE TO CHICO.
1C5 laborers, teamsters, axmen. $75.
NORTHEAST— SOUTH— FREE
2555 RAILROAD LABORERS, TEAMSTERS
2 waiters. Eureka, fare paid. $35 and found!
Experienced nallins machine man, city, $75
Dump-cart driver, mine, $35 and found.
Painter, Sonoma County, $2 50 day.
Butcher, all-around man. fare $1, $40 found
Blacksmith, lumber company, fare paid, *73
and found.
8 men. work in beans, fare $1, $50 and found
2 waiters, same country hotel, fare SI CO. $o0
and found.
Candymaker. Monterey County. $12 a week
SPECIAL NOTICE TO-DAY
3563 POSITIONS NOT ADVERTISED
COME SEE. .
BEST PLACES AT MURRAY & READY'S
BIGGEST WApES AT 634-636 Clay st.
BLACKSMITH for woods; fare paid; $73 and
found: boss here.
> MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
TO FRESNO— FARE PAID.
25 laborer? TO (»O TO-DAY
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
THREE first-class jewelers for Seattle! Inq!
Alphonse Judls Company. Mutual Bank bldg.
YOUNG man, strong, willing; cream helper
candy factory. 538 Washington st.
BOY wanted to carry morning newspaper route
lit Morris ave. ,
A CARRIAGE painter wanted at 1168 Mis-
sion st. »£
BOY about 16 wanted to work In wholesale
house; good opportunities.. Box 1242, Call.
WANTED— Errand boy. A. BEKBERT „
BRO.. 1450 Market st.
FURNISHED barber shop: rent reasonable to
right man. Apply 16H.1 Turk st.
SHORTHAND in 30 days; Boyd's Syllable; no
ruled lines; no shading; nothing to confuse;
only 5 characters; easily read; study by mail;
circulars, testimonials and first lesson cover-
ing one-fourth course, for two 2c stamps.
Chicago Correspondence b<chouU. Inccrixirai-
ed. 62 National Life blag:. Chicago. 111.
GOVERNMENT civil service examinations will
soon bo held lij every State; Information and
questions used by the Government free. Co-
lumDlan Correspondence College. Washing-
ton. IX C. »
WANTED — A youne man with some knowl-
edge of electrical work and some experience
for station work; $r»0 per month ard board.
, Address Pacific Portland Cement Co.. Ce-
ment, Solano County. Cal., stating experience.
GOVERNMENT positions — Examinations soon;
write for free circular 14. giving various po-
sitions, salaries, etc. . Polytechnic Business
College. Oakland, Cal.
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON
477 and 4SS Parrott building.
WANTED — A strong boy. from 14 to 15 years
of age. Apply S. N. WOOD _ CO.'S Powell
and Eddy st. store.
TRY our men's shoei. union made, at $1 and
$1 60 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 SO; we pay
express cr mall chgs. 11 Third at.. Exam. bid.
1 - * E nu^A~OXAL— -ContlBUcdj^
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall, Howard
bt.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
MUSIC taught by experienced teacher in 6 mo.
and 3 mo. 8 lessons; special attention to
adult beginners. Box 4199. Call office.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing,
1 etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mi33lon.ni^3th.
WHISTLING lessons. M. GERTRUDE JUDD,
7S5 Geary et.: phone Hyde 033.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market. nr.lOth.
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkpg.. $8 mo.
_ _._"_ FINANCIAL.
STOCK companies organized and financed; we
secure capital for business propositions, un-
derwrite, guarantee bonds and stocks of
meritorious enterprises. International Bond-
»ng flo.. Arrott bldg. Plttsburg. Pa.
' FLATS TO L— T. ~~
! A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free: take advantage of.
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
«.. on the s<iuare :
UP-TO-DATE, modern flat, corner Van Ness
ave and Lombard St.; latest architecture and
finish throughout; 10 rooms, baths, attic;
rent very reasonable to desirable tenants. Ap-
ply BALDWIN & HOWELL, 25 Post st.
EIGHTH ave 750 Richmond District, near
Park — Modern 6-room flat; appreciated If
seen; convenient to town, with all-night cars;
rent reduced; open until 4 p. m v .
HYDE. 841, near Sutter— Elegant, modern
flat; 10 rooms. 2 bath's. McAFEE BROS...
108 Montgomery > _^
A SUNNY corner; modern flat; 6 rooms. NR
corner Fulton and Devlsadero «ta.
BAKER, 733-745—2 ii middle flats, 6 rooms;
modern; new; near McAllister; very eunny.
BUSH. 1421% — 0 rooms and bath; lower flat,
yard; rent $23.
CASTRO, 644 — Elegant, modern, sunny middle
flat; 6 r., bath; basement; yard; nr. 19th; $24.
LARGEST list of new flats and houses. Get
printed list. LYON & HOAG. 116 Montg'ery.
OAK. 336 and 33S — New flats, 5 rooms and
bath; modern improvements.
OAK, 403, cor. Laguna— Flat of 4 nice rooms.
SUNNY upper flat, 4 rooms, bath, gaa; rent
$17. 2 Farren ave.. bet. Pierce and Scott sts.
SUNNY flat, 5 rooms and bath: $2Q. 2731
Golden Gate ave., near North Willard.
SUNNY corner flat. 7 rooms and bath. 2146^
Market st. _—_—_______—______.
TO let — Flat of four rooms; 1897 O'Farrell.
HOOKER - LENT. 14 Poat St.
2 ELEGANT new flats. 6 and 7 rooms; rent
$30 and $35. Church and Seventeenth sts.
$7— FLAT; large yard. 726% Harrison st-!
between Third and Fourth.
$37 50 AND $40 — Middle and upper new flats;
6 rooms, bath each. 1735 Page, nr. G. G. Pk.
FLATS FOR aAL ° s ; „
A BARGAIN— $4280: CORNER LOT. 2 FLATS:
LOT 25x114; 184 CLIPPER ST. SEB
OWNER OU PREMIS-3.
FLATS TO LET-— FURNISHED.
SUNNY, new. modern, upper flat,, complete for
housekeeping, piano: near Golden Gate Park;
convenient several car lines; right party very
reasonable. Call 10 to 6, 260 Carl St.; phone
Page 150.
A REFINED family not to exceed three adults
can get a sunny furnished flat in "a very de-
sirable locality; rent free for owner's board.
Box 17-17. Call office.
TO LET — Modern furnished flat. 6 rooms and
bath $50 per month. 1027 Fillmore st.. near
McAllister. ¦
FLATS FOR SALE: FURNISHED.
1602 SACRAMENTO st. — At sacrifice: elegant
sunny 6-rcom flat and basement, completely
furnished; can be seen from 2 to 4 p. m. only.
73S FOURTEENTH st.— Furniture 6-room flat;
must be sold; easy terms. Call 12 to 4; Cas-
tro and Fillmore cars. ;
H8JTIOOM furnished flat, cheap. 4 Antonio St.,
bet. Ellis and O'Farrell, off Joaes.
6 ROOMS; eunny furnished house for sale
cheep. Apply 324 Linden ave. '
FLATS WASTED.
WANTED — By October 1. flat of 3 or 4 con-
venient sunny rooms; vicinity of Van Ness.
Golden Gate and Market st; adults. Address,
stating price, box 4189, Call office.
KOK SALK.
4 ROOMS, $30; call 2 days. 730 Folsom st.
FCRMTUR— WASTED.
A. WO— LPERT. 773 Mission, phon* Red 4482.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture,- carpeta.
A L. STORRS pays highest cash prices furni-
ture, carpets, etc.; tel. Larkin 3631. G34 Ellis.
U__ P WANTED FEMALE.
WANTED Monday morning — Cook, small deli-
catessen, $3l>; cook, »American family, city,
$35, and a second girl, same house, $30; 4
cooks, $30-$35; 2 parlor maids. $?>; 5 second
girls. $20-$25: cook and second girl, same
house, San Matco. $3u-$25; cock and cham-
bermaid, private house, Oakland. $30-$25;
laundress, $25; kitchen helper, $25; ii first-
class nui^es, $25 and $30; housework, Mar-
tinez, $35; Napa, $30; 4 waitresses, $s week;
chambermaid, wait one meal, $'J0; cham-
bermaid, $17 50, and other places too many
to advertise; good wages. Apply to J. F.
CROt-BJT & CO.. 334 Sutter St.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12—
Masseuse for springs $30; head waiter $30.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning:; steady work: highest wages.
Apply California Canneries Co., Brannan
st., between Third and Fourth.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslny,
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks;' $0 to those entering now;- 3 po-
sitions to fill* Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school in
West. 233 Geary Bt.. room 13. ¦
A— LADIES, learn all branches hairdressing
trade; manicuring, massage, ett; 1236 Mar-
ket st., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at ht5lK.1t wages; day and eve. class; call.
A— Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish in 1
\ month for $10; .positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32VS FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION, NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit: steady
\ employment; day and piece work: highest
wages. CODE-PORTW00D CANNING CO.,
Bryant and J^enth.
LADIES having fancy work to sell, dollies,
centerpieces, Battenberg, drawn work; all
kinds bousht and sold; send stamped envel-
ope Ladies' Exchange, 34 Monroe st.,
Chicago.
LADIES — To do piecework home; w«» furnish
all materials and pay from $7 to $12 weekly.
Send stamper* ' envelope to Royal Co., 31
Monroe Bt., Chicago. .
LADIES for plain sewing at home; materials ¦
furnished; no depC3it: particulars stamped ;
envelope. Woman's Rem. Co.. B 3$. Chicago.
$20 |A 100 writing letters home; addressed en-
velope. Electric Remedy Co.. dept. 101,
235 South^ Michigan, South Bend, Ind.
DRESSMAKER wants first-class help; also
Improvers and apprentices. BRYANT,
2570A Mission st. - -¦ ¦
WANTED — An experienced young woman to
'give massage to a lady; charges must "be
moderate. Box 4191. Call.
EXPERIENCED operators on muslin under-
wear: steady work: good pay. G. -W. REY-
NOLDS & CO.. 597 Mission -et. >
MIDDLE-AGED women — for.- general house-
\*rk; 2 adults, 1 child; good home. 256
Frederick st. ; : carfare.
NEAT girl for light housework and cooking;
'. adults: no window cleaning: email washing;
good 'wages. Call at 2721 Clay St.
YOUNG girls to strip, leaf tobacco. THE
JOHN BOLLMAN CO., cor. Front and Pa-
clflc. . ¦ \ ¦ | . ¦. - - '. . " • •
YOUNG girls to work on light running ma-
.chines. THE JOHN BOLLMAN CO., corner
Front and Pacific. >¦
WANTED — First-class saleslady'on cloaks and
suits with good references.' BARON/ 760
Market st. V
A GIRL to aesitt in general housework. 1262
1 I'ate st ,•
I AGENTS WAXTEP. J
SI. 00 l'ER HOUR and upward POSITIVE. .The
manufacturers of the BEST, most attractive
and RAPID SELLING ladle*' and men's
' ' dress shce known desire men and women i
j demonstrators everywhere. Ten NEW. re-
• marUable sight selling health aad comfoit
leatures: original selling plan: possibilities
unlimited. NO RISK. Writ* to-day.
Kushlon Komfort Shce Co., 1155 Market St.,
San Francitco. Cal.
BKGIN' business for yourself; stop working for
others. We start you in profitable mall-order
business at your home: pleasant work; lm-
'mense profit*: unlimited possibilities; lull In-
formation for stamp. Franklin-Howard Co.,
Denver. Colo.
AGENTS — Send 20c In stamps for the handsome
''Blue Leaf Quota of Bible Quotations and
Selections." Agents are selling thousands of
them. W. P. SMITH — CO., box 1538. Provi-
dence. It. I.
OUR woman agents are "earning $20 selling
novelties which nearly every woman buys '
on Eight; write to-day. NORCROSS & CO.,
*41 Marquette bldg.. Chicago, 111.
WANTED — HuMler to sell gold bonds; big
pay. International Security and Banking
Association, Colorado Springe, Colo. '
$32 A'WEEK salary and expenses for men with
rigs to sell poultry compound. Imperial Mfg.
Co., dept. ."4. Pars.->x_ . Kans.
TREAT ave., 1220 — S. F. headquarter* for
news and best selling goods for agents.
AGENTS — A new money-maker. F. PERSON,
4J7 and 478 Parrott hulldlrg. '
AT?OK.\KV8.AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE. ESTABLISHED 22 TEARS.
Divorces 9 specialty. Private. Quick.
NO PAT UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
G. W..H0WE. ATTORNEY AT LAW,
1122 Market St., offices 1, 2, 3. 4 and 5.
BE WARE OF FRAUDS.
Any one can advertise, but unless the adver-
tisement says "Attorney at Law" the party
advertising 1« not a lawyer; don't be fooled.
ADVICE FREE
COLUMBIAN LAW AGENCY ...
Rm. 85. tUG Market: tel. Red CIS: bad ten-
acts ejected speedily and reasonably; collec-
tions attended to: attachments: corporation*
organized; civil aad criminal practice.
ROBT. W. KING. atty-at-Iaw. Examiner bid.,
rm. 611; all cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation
free; no advance charges; call or write;
evenings by apr>olntmer.t. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost In meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
rases: no fees In advance: open every even-
lng. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market St.. r. 31.
DIVOP.CE— Costs $12; quick, quiet; open even-
:r.gs. 927 Market et., room 301.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 027 Mar-
ket bt.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
AITKEN _ AITKEN. attcrceys. rs. 309-10-11.
Clunle bldg.. B03 California st. ; tel. Main 727.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
law business. W. W. Davidson, 927 Market.
ADVICE free: all cases; cpen evenings. M.
L. RYAN. b50 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year_
. BCSIXES3 CHAKCEs!~
B» G. WILKE. 20»i Kearny st. ~"~"
Established 12 years. Real estate and busi-
ness agency. If you want to sell cr buy go
to 26^ Kearny. References: Examiner,
Call and Chronicle.
A $1600 RESTAURANT and coffes saloon, opp.
ferries bldg.; leaser place clearing at least
$300 per munth. See R. G. WiLKE. 26%
Kearnj- st.
C. M. PETERSEN, 1035 Slarket st '
Phone Foleom S518.
Hotel, restaurant and lunch house bargains.
22-room furnished hotel, with lease, best
trade, well known and offered cheap; see
owner here.
$1500— All-night oyster, chop and coffee
parlors; clears f3C0 per month: books open
for Inspection; trial given; don't delay.
First-class restaurant. Market st. ; good
lease; place for bakery; elegant and cheap
at ?2000.
For other bargains please call in person.
TO LEASE* ~~
On Mason st., ajolning the "Poodle Dog,"
a fine modern rooming-house of 105 rooms,
under construction, but almost finished; 60
single rooms and 55 baths; great location;
reasonable rent ; a sure money winner if run I
on the right plan. Speck & Co.. 6C7 Market.
A SNAP— Must be 6Old at once; sixty-room
corner lodging-house, right down in heart of
the city; only opened about six months and
everything new and modern; will be sold for
less than cost. Apply In a hurry to room
1404. Call building. Third and Market sts.
FOR sale — Furniture, carpets and good will
of a new brick apartment-house of 175
rooms, in the city's gwell-st locality; partly
furnU'hed and although just opened is over
half filled with regular tenants already; long
lease; if you want an apartment-huuse don't
fail to get particulars of this at rooms
14X)4-OT>. Calf building.
NEW HOTEL FOR SALR "
Brand-new brick hotel, 100 rooms, magnifi-
cently furnished, with the best grade of fur- j
¦iiitur.- and carpets: located in the heart of 1
the high-grade residence hotel section, on a
corner and equipped with every modern hotel \
convenience, such as electric lights, electric
elevator, steam heat, phones In every room,
billiard-room, grillroom, etc.; long lease.
Apply rooms 1404-05, Call building.
$20 EARNS ?1000 IN ONE MONTKL ~^
This represents average profit for past 7
. months; no oil wells, gold mines, grain or,
stock*: a straightforward, honorable business'
proposition, coming from an established cor-
poration with JIUO.OOO capital; National
Bank refs; write fcr particulars. Star &
I Crescent Co.. 22C-22S La Salle St.. Chicago.
WANTED— Man of wide business experience
to take half-Interest in lucrative and legiti-
mate enterprise: one accustomed to handling
agents pref. ; $2000 required. Box 1737, Call.
WANTED — Party with capital to take up new-
invention, protected by 2 U. S. patents, for
purpose of putting on market in U. S.; in-
vcKtlgatc. Box 1736. Call.
WANTED — Partner in fine paying manufactur-
ing business; factory in this city: orders
ahead; must enlarge jlant: splendid oppor-
tunity for right party. Address box 1748, Call.
FOR sale — General merchandise business, 50
miles from S. F. fSee. WELLMAN, PECK _
CO., Wholesale Grocers.
"WANTED— Law library; send list with price!
- W. R. BRIGGS. San Jose. Call.
CORPORATION controlling business estab-
lished 1S65. desires energetic business man
who can furnish unquestionable reference as
to ability and Integrity to take management
of branch office for th« State of Cal.; salary
$2500 per annum. Address Auditor's Dept..
box S36. Madison. Wls.
GET your share*! Great success! See the new
saw filing machine. Office room, 4 Flood
bid?., or at M. P. SCHELL'S. Model Maker
529 Mission at.
FOR sale — The HOTEL NEVADA, ~ii flrst-
class hotel at Reno, Nov.: fine location; sur-
rounded by trees, large lawn and doing- good
business; selling account of poor health.
PARTNER with ?200 for mechanical shooting
gallery and ball game; novelty. Apply 163
Minna st.
FOR sale — 1-32 Interest in large new schooner;
I fine Cleveland bicycle cheap. 14 McAllis-
ter st.. room 16.
$700— GROCERY and bar! Apply at 368 Elev-
enth st.
BAKERY — Fine location In Rio Vista: good
baker -will do *ell. Addrees DAN Mc-
GRAUGH. Rio Vista, Cal.
FOR tale cr rent— Fully equipped, modern,
paying hospital In Southern California city.
Address P. O. box 457. 8an Bernardino.
FOR sale — Restaurant; cash register; 5 living
rooms; receipts S2O per day. 27_{ Sutter st.
FOR sale — Good oyster and chop house. 126
Seventh st.
FOR sale— A good saloon in Oakland. Inquire
- H GLOY. 1 Telegraph ave.
FOR SALE — An Inside route on this paper.
For particulars apply at office.
A bakery: delicacy; all store trade; $25 a day;
price $1800; no agents. 715 McAllister gt.
L<4JPGI.\U-HOUS-S FOR SALE.
100 "ROOMS: bouse for men: rent $140. .. .$4000
B8~rooms; south of Market; rent $100.. 2000
24 rooms; corner; part cash; bal. ea»y. R50
II rooms; good Income: rent $20 350
21 rooms; water front; rent $40; lease.. 650
120 rooms; good kate; low -rent 6500
67 rn_. ; apartments ; Western Add. ;rent 250
Money loaned at 1 per cent
Hctelg. roadhouees. flats. 8 to 100 rooms
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny at.
FOR sale— 22 rooms. Fourth «t; house Just
icnovated: Rood carpets; bargain If Bold this
month: people going to country. Box 125O.Call
$lO0O: INVESTIGATE to-day: must sell: 21
rooms; rent $5O; clears $S5. 1003 Howard st.
EIGHT large rooms oTT~Grant ave. For all
particulars Inquire at .116 Sutter st.. saloon
COLLECTION OFKICKS.
BANGHART "it WEYElC "~ ~™ '
- Collectors.
No. 1170 Market et. Room 37.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 115 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. C580.
• CHlllCII SEKVICI33. . :
UNITARIAN Church (First). SW. ccr. Geary
au2 lYaakUti tits. — Rev. Uradford Letvltt,
tn::;!siTr. !iev. Jiradroni L»avitt and Qua.
.\. Murdoclt. suj.;.«. of Sunday echool. The
)u_kj* chuich ai.d Sunday sviiool are at 10 ¦
o'clock. The r-.ortunjr service Is at 11 o'clock.
Her. l>-adfcrU Lravilt will preach; subject,
••I Am," Music by <juartct. under direction
cr 1!. Uretherlck. orjan'.st. AH are cordiaUy
Invtttd. Vhere is no evening' service. Par-!
enta way leave their children with the Kin-
dergarten during service.
LWJTAUIAN Church (Second), corner 20th
&3.J Capii rts. (Take Mission or Valencia
car.) liev. Jay \V_iam Hudson, minister;
residence. MX* i'app st. The Sunday tchool
f'.ut 11:45 D'dock, W. C. Maxwell, superin-
tendent. At the morning service at 11
«i'elo<k. Rev. GeotS* W. Stonr. field secretary
vt the American Unitarian Association, will
l-reacri; tubj*ct. "The Meaning of Life.
Mcsic by oirhrstra and choir, directed by
JaWsh dement. AH seats free; no regular
even tog sendee.
FIRST Presbvterlan Church. Van Ness ave. and
Sacramento st.. Rev. William Kirk Guthrle.
raster — Morning servic* 11 o'clock: subject.
"The Cor.ditioTis or Entrance Into Gcd'n Klng-
cicn;— Repentance and Faith." Evening ser-
Hre 7:45 o'clock; subject. "Saving Faith.
Th" raster will preach at both services: Sab-
hath-nchool 12:30 p. m.: Christian Endeavor
<(:15 p. in.; Wednesday K p. m., midweek ser-
vice, loader. Ilev. W. K. Guthrle. All are
cordially invited^
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner of
.Ia"ks.^n and Fillmore sts.. Rev. John Hemp-
hiil, D. D., pastor— Morning service at 11
I'clock; irmon topic, "Fitness for Office and
H<-.w to Get It." Evening service at 7:45
o'clock: sermon topic. "Dn Worldly Men
Have the Best of Itr' The pastor will preach
at both services. The newly elected elders
«-;21 be installed and ordained after the morn-
ing *ermon. Sabbath-school at 9:30 a. m. t
crohestral music; Christian Endeavor meeting
st ff.30 p. m.; prayer meeting Wednesday
eienlr»g at 8 o'clock. All are cordially in-
vlted.
*T JOHN'S Presbyterian Church, corner Cali-
U rnia and Octavia streets— Rev. George O.
Eldredge. pastor. Morning service at 11
«-' clock. ,E venlng eervlce at 7:4ft o'clock, at
which ther» will be a epecial musical ser-
vice. Sunday school at 9:45 a. m. ; Christian
I~t deavor Society, vacation. Prayer meeting,
Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock.
THIRD Or.preKationa'. 15th St., near Mission
— Rev. William Radcr, paetor. At II a. m..
'•V,"o.-kin»r and the Discouragements of
W.-:t'.ng." At 7:45 p. m., "The Man Who
Would Bury HI* Father."
PLYMOUTH Ccrgregational Church, Post ?t.,
near V.cbtter— Rev. I. C. Meserve. D. D..
ruMor. MominK -worship at 1 1 .. preceded by
Sunday rchocl at 9:30. Evening wcrshlp _C
7:45. In the evening the pastor will con- !
c!iide hi* s-erle* of popular sermons In Illus-
tration of the FirFt Psalm, his topic being I
• The Destiny cf Man." The quartet choir
»ill render the anthems "Rejoice in the
Lord" I— Ivryi. and "God Is Our Hope and
Strength" (Weber). -
CTB-T Baptist Church. 320 Eddy st. — Preach-
ing et 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. by Rev. Dr.
T. G. lirownson; In the morning on "Paul,
a Serv_-.t of Je&us Christ." and in the even-
ing on "Joshua, the *on of Nun." Baptism
at evtn'ng service. Bible school at 12:30.
Y. P. S. C. E. at 6:30. Prayer meeting,
V ><ir!ee<2ay*at 7:45 p. m. Seats free and all
invited. _________
FIKPT Church cf Christ, Scientist. Central
block. 223 Sutttr et.. bet. Kearny and Grant
ave. — Christian Science service at 11 a. m.;
subject cf leefron-t-ermon. "Matter." Sun-
day school for children at the same hour;
Wednesday evening meeting at 8 o'clock;
fief reading rocm. 206 Kearny et., room*
*Cy-5IO; all are welcome.
AT tlm Young Men'e Christian Association
building Mason and Ellis sts.. to-day (Sun-
day* at '3 o'clock. Rev. W. H. Williams, the
"drummer evangelist," will deliver the ad-
dress on "Breaking Home Ties." There will
be f;v?rial mu?lc en the harp, violin and
piano and voral selections by Mr. Elliott.
A 11- *eal* free to men.
Till-: People's Church holds services every Sun-
dry cvrr.ing at 223 Sutter St.. Elks' Hall.
Subject tMs evening, "The Devil's Disciple."
Pastor. Mrs. Anna L. Gillesple; residence,
1101 O'Farrell st. All ere welcome.
BIBLE Spiritual Church, Incorporated — Sermon
" p. m., subject. "Our Church the Militant
<"hurch of God," by E. R. Davis; debate chal-
!»'.]Ked; free. Crusade Hall. 903 Market st.
SPECIAL Bible addrees at the hall. 17 City
Hall Square, near Market St.. Sunday even-
ing. Sept. 13, i»t 7:45. Mr. A. C. Gaebeleln
«f New York, editor of Our Hope. Seats free.
THK Theosophlcal Society— CoL H. S. Olcott. j
prerident-founilcr. Headquarters at Odd |
Fellows' build'nr. Public lecture at p. m.
by Miss J. C. Brodie; subject, "Personality
and Individuality." Lotus sroup, 11:30
a. m.; study class. Thu^day. 2:30 p. m.
HEADQUARTERS Golden Gate Lodge of The-
osophjr. Flood building. 609 Market st.— Free
publi.- lecture to-night. 8 o'clock: subject.
"Msn'p Whence and Whither." Library and
rcadingr-room open daily, 1 to 4 p. m. T. S.
' • < i » on pale.
MEETIX3S — SDKDAY.
TK.-n>'. Mt Market, rear hall, 2-S. 10c; Rev.
I lew-land, ringing evangelist; Gilsoa. Hovct
Mi ucwd I.
'PROF. Fred V. Hvehs. noted psychic for siate-
writing -clairvoyance. 1112 Eddy.nr.Octavla.
KATIK HEUSHMANN. &C9 Market. Cclanthe
II— tt: vpitituil meeting to-n!gtit; admis. free.
M.«i VIGARS' spiritual test meeting, 10c;
«vory right. 14* Cth st., room 32; sit. daily.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing Fplrit messages to-
nigM. 10c. 019 McAllister; readings daily.
FP.tKND.SHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
M*yT: sit, daily: t°st to all every night; 10c.
C. V. MIL>L.KR, returned from his European
trip; «eance to-nlsht. 8. $1. 1084 Bush ft. i
MRS. STODDARD'H seances. 10c: reliable In-
f<->rmatlcn other Eide; Sun. Tues. 278 9th.
W. <;. KEEGAN holds test seance every night
«-xi-fpt Sat.. 1<W; ¦}_; 10 to 5. 148 6th st. j
TE.rrs. fw, IKtt Market, front haJl. 2 and 7:30.
Itr.J.W.Cowan.Wilson. 7::X>; Mrs.Gtllingham.
EARLE'S marvelous seance to-night, demen-
str«.t:ng flatewrlting. 1052 Ellin street.
SCSOAV __ CTtJR— S.
AFTE UXOON <only). 3 o'clock to-day. Golden
Gate Hall.
HENRT FRANK
oC New York. *"n:inent author and lecturer
on Kelinion of Science: fourth lecture, sub-
ject. "The God of Science versus the God
of Theology." Hfat3 free; good music;
orm? e_rty for stats; or.ly two more lectures.
AA-L'R. JOHN A. KEROANS free lecture
thih evening, Crjstal ilall. Pythian Castle,
•M<n» Market *t.: subject. "Rheumatism," fol-
lr>Tv«>d by slews of a tour of Scandinavia;
:rr+- tickets will be distributed for X-ray ex-
hlMtioa at Sanitarium Tuesday evening; re-
member the question bos: Fpecial music.
¦WAMI TRIGUNATITA will deliver bis seventh
tectur*- on "How to Bwnme Most Happy"
to-night. K o'clock, adm. 25c: he also lectures
on th» Olta Monday evenings, adm. 50c. 3
tickets *1. 4<» etelner st.. \>danta Society. .
«». N. ORLOW will deliver a lecture
In Uolden Gite Hall (upstairs), 623 Sutter St.,
Tills evening at 8 o'clock sharp. Subject.
"Human Electricity and Thought Building."
Coti music and singing. Admission in free.
II.^RVKIAI'S manifestation? of psvehic power
f-y Dr. Mclvor-Tyr.dall at Etelnway Hall, 22.J
Sutler, to-night: lecture, "Divorce: Ita
Relation to I'Fychologv.*'
"Tli? Organic Heavens." "America's Industrial
Problem." It_T£3A. Thad. Kritr of Forward
M »eir.»nl, Occldtl. Hall. Larkin & McAllister.
"Nk.>W" lecture; Henry Harrison Brown. "Why
Vote the City Bou-Is?" Odd Fel. bldg. 8 p.m.
T. O. DK f-'TONE. M. D., lecture.' Gulden Gate
Hall. Sunday. S p. m.: subject. "Be."
M_ISTI\G NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. _
M.-Ttic oUken and members of tfacYy
nbove-r.ani^d lodgf are hereby notl-^^^V
«1<«i -.o attf-rH the funeral cf BROTH-
nil ALBKItT DAW KKKItELL., late of
I - rud«n( Brrthra— Lodce No. 145. London
England. In Mist-ion Masonic Temple, 20C8
StiMtoa «., THIS DAV I.Sunday), Sept. 1,1,
1903, tit 1 p. in. Master Masons and friends
<>f thr- devease<1 erv invited. By order of the
Master. FRANKLIN II. DAY. Secy.
CXITT Lodge No. 131. I. O. O. F. ... _-.m v
Initiation TL'EFDAY K v '^'--^ftjA
l.\<;, Sept. 1."; visitors «-or»1ially t ifT'<siPr | «
invited. F. H. HOLCOMB. N. G.
K. H. ANDREWS, Rec. Soc. rv ,
THE California Debris Commission having re-
i-etveo 1 applications to mine by hydraulic
procefcs frota C. A. I'oace, In J'h-Mps Hill
•nine. near Washington. Nevada County
Oil." draining into Jefferson Cretic, which
rc_ cbea South Yuba River; from Plumas
Mines Company, in- Plumas mines, near
Quincy. Plumas County. Cal., draining into
Squirrel Creek, which reaches North Fork of
Keathex River: from Excelsior Hydraulic
Mining Company. In Uxcelsior mine, near
Lowell Hill. Nevada County. Ca!., draining
Into North Fork Stt'j ¦Hollow Creek, which
rcach<?« Feather River, gives notice that
meeting will be held at room M. Flood build-
ing, San Francisco. Cal.. September 25, 1303
at 1 :;:<• D. zn.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
"1 TM»re». in wrapper, for mailing. f\ per year.
BICfCLCS — For Sale or Exchange.
i*ntK wheel,' Mcrran-'u'right tires. Morrow '
brake; with a cyefsories. $20. Bos 1241. Call.
DIKUS. DOGS. ETC
; /
TOtTNG talking pcrrc_.$5 each.German tinging
canaries, 92; we will try to please you; every-
thing la our line at right prices. 154 U Market. .Oil has been adapted to a. valuable ser
vice In the desert sections of -Arizona,
New Mexico and portions of .California,
where excessive draughts are productive
of much dust. It Is used for sprinkling the
tracks. Sixty-seven miles • of track In
California, 118 - miles in Arizona and 139
miles in New Mexico,- or a total of 316
miles, receive this treatment. The value
of the "¦ experiment cannot be overesti-'
mated when the benefit of the traveler is
considered. Only one objection to the
method remains. Oil-soaked, particles of
dust will soil the .clothing, and it be
hooves * the • travelers , to protect their • gar
ments against this damage. Many roads
do not use oil to lay: the dust on this ac
count.—Express Gazette.
OilVs. Dust on Roads.
"There is quite a difference between
railroading in the United State.3 and in
Cuba, "and some of the things that are
said about the Cuban railroads are hard
to believe," said a returning traveler tcom
that country. r '?>',: ;
"The Americans, when they first, go to
Cuba, laugh at some of. the practices that
are in vogue in that country, and par
ticularly In the railway service. For in
stance, it sounds very funny to an Amer
ican to read in the passenger tariff that
a third-class passsenger has a right to
carry so. many chickens as luggage in the
third-class, car.
"It is also hard for an American to be
lieve that on some of the older roads the
switch engines in use on the- line are a
team of oxen; but I have photographs
showins such to be the case. The new
road, however, now being built -between
Havana and San Juan will be an Up-to
date line and many of the old customs
¦will be done away with."— Express Ga
zette. '
Bailroading in Cuba.
Just as a man on a bicycle is enabled
to cover more ground than a man on
foot, so is his capacity of travel through
water augmented by the use of the swim
ming machine, which has been recently
designed and patented by a Chicago man.
In fact, the principle of the bicycle seems
to enter largely Into the construction of
the swimming machine. The machine Is
strapped to the operator about his wa'st
and Is held rigidly in place by mean* of
a saddle-like arrangement below, a bar
of adjustable length. In order that it may
be made to suit men of different build,
hanga from, the paddle and is supplied
with pedals revolved by the operator's
feet, and these in turn drive a propeller
of -suitable size. This wheel does air the
work of driving the swimmer through the
water and does the work with much more
facility, and speed. than a man can force
himself through the water unaided..
The Inventor says the weight of the
mechanism Is readily overcome by the ac
tion of the wheel, and that any swimmer
can soon acquire the knack of its ¦- use.
The buoying tendency of-jthe body and
the weight of the contrivance serve " to
maintain the swimmer at the right angle
to get the best results from the use of
the machine.— Philadelphia Record.
Swimming Matches.
Abble B. Smith to Silas A. White, lot on
W line of Larkln street, 137:6 N "of Green
(130 N from former line), N 7:6 by W 137:6;
*10.
Silas A. White to Abble B. Smith, lot on W,
line of Larkin street. 127:6 N of Green.' N
7:0 by W 137:6; $10.
Abble B. Smith to Augusta Lauterbach, lot
on W line of Larkln street, 110:6 N cf Green
(103 N from former line or Green), N 27 by
W 137:6; $10.
Pope Estate Company to Joseph Henry, lot
on S line of Turk street, 162:9 W of Laguna,
W S2:6 by S 137:6; S10.
Joseph and Rose Henry to Solomon Schloes,
lot on S line of Turk street, 102:9 W of ,La
guna, W 27:6 by S 137:0; $10.
Pope Estate Company to Herman and Solo
mon Rosenblum, lot on S line of Turk street,
245:3 W of Laguna, W 27:6 by S i:t7.C;'$10,
Addle M. Abbott (executrix estate of Charles
II. Abbott) to Carrie M. Mooney. lot on N
line of Broadway. 108 :» W of Lacuna street,
W 28:9 by N 137:6; $9500.
Gertrude Rayfleld to Lillian M. Grimes, lot
•on W line of Buchanan street, 34:6 N of Her
mann. N 30:C by W SO; gift.
Caroline J. S. and A. Louis Haake to Anton
H. G. and Henrietta H. Stohlman, undivided
1-5 cf lot en SW corner of Fillmore street and
Germanla avenue, S 48 by W 81:3; $200.
E— lille M. L. and Bernhard • A. Schmidt to
game, undivided 1-5 of same; $200.
George W. and Anna S. Condoi to Bertha
M. Honeywell, lot on W line of Lyon street,
ICO N of Hayes. N 25 by W 112:6; $10.
Bertha M. Honeywell to John M. Kepner,
came; ?1O.
Christian and Marfjareth Jann to -"Patrick
Landers lot on N line of Hayes street, 75 E
of Central avenue. E 25 by N 100: $10.
Mary A. and Eujeno N. Fritz to E. A.
Bridgford and Burrell G. White, lot on W
line of Masonic avenue, ISO S of Frederick
street. S O.">:2 by W 100; $10.
Laura B. Roe to Edward A. Roe lot on S
line of • Oak street. 123 E of Ashbury E 25
by S 137:0; $10.
Edward A. Roe to Sidney and Frances Wal
ker, same; $10.
Louis r.nd Amelia A. Kuebler to Claus and
Maria Brandt, lot on SW line of Brady street.
14«:4«i NW of West Mission. NW L'5 by S\V
M); $10.
John Center to Frank II. Mesow. lo; on E
line of Foleom ptrect. 125 S of Nineteenth, S
f,0 by E 1211:0. $10.. -
L. D. and Susan Botrhclor to Samuel D.
Macnos ami Matthew W. Brown, lot on W
line of Folsom strict. 50 N or Eighteenth N
CO by W 100; $10. . *
Peniam'" • n-/isli to Samuel Cohn. lot on
NW line of Market street. 24S SW of Church,
SW r,0 NW lO4:8>i. E 7:3. NE 44;6 SE 100;
O. D. and Millie E. Baldwin to Charles L.
Iiinkel. lot on E line of Castro street, 26'6
N of Twenty-first. N 50 by E 100; $10.
Cornelius Daly to Mary Conway. lot on S
line of Twenty-third street. 25 E of Columbia
(Florida). E 25 by S 104; $10.
James W and Kate W. Dunbar to Florence
M. Dunbar. lot on W line of Dolores street
74 R of Twenty-third, B 10 by W 100; also lot
on W line of Dolores street. 84 S of Twenty
third. S 30 by W 100; gift.
Katherine A. Rivera (wife of Thomas w )
to Cornelius Mahoney. lot on S line of Twen
ty-eighth street. ISO E of Diamond E 25 br
S 114; $10. ' 7
Margnret McDermott to Alexander F Mor
rison, lot on NW lino of Minna street 435 mv
of Third, SW 20 by NW 70; $10.
Swedish Evangelical Church of San Fran
cisco to George French, lot on SE line of
MlsBton. street, 155:11 NE of Ninth. NE
89:7%. SE 80. 6\V O:6T4. SE 80. SW 40 NW
75. NE 0:11. NW 85; $23,750. ' • VV
Matilda and Hans Olsen to Elmo T. and
Katherine Houk or Honk, lot on E line of
Utah street, 150 S of Nineteenth. S 25 by E
100; $10. ¦
California Paving Company to Frank D
Madison let on W line of Arkansas street 3"i6
S of Twenty-fifth. S 83 by W 100; $io
Minnie J. Flaherty to Myrtle M. Rickoff lot
on E line of Eighteenth avenue. 125 N o'f n
street N 25 by E 120; $10. OI u
Margaret P. or Maggie P. Btddle to Bern
hard Gctz. lot on N line of Fulton (D) street
57 :« E of Thirty-eighth. E 60 by N 100- $10
Bernhard and Rose Gets to Henry o. Meyer
samn; $10. " "
John and Ellen Nightingale to Albert Meyer
ff-SUr* C0O n brW !2 W o! n $fo: flm *T«™ and
Albert. Meyer to' Attonzo Harrington, lot on
E line of Sixth street, CO S of Hugo. S 50 by
William' II.; Grace M., William H. Jr., Sam
uel M. and George S. Crlm and as trustee of
the estate of Samuel Crlm (deceased) to O
r McGee and William N CanHeld, lot on W
line of Twelfth avenue. 225 S of I street. S 60
bV Arthur J. and ; Cora B. Boone to Eugene J
KPller lot on E line of Tenth avenue, 275 s n'r
M street. S 25 by E 120; $1000. ' 7S S of
Mary E. Dodge, formerly Mary E. Brown or
May E. Brown (wife of Samuel F.) to Samuel
H Brown, lot 631, gift map 3; $10. '
Marlon F. Agard to William B. Agard. all
real and personal property; gift.
¦ J. Frank and Marea Walter and George A
Turner to Gustav J. Frlckman, lot on W line
of Ashbury street, 169:6 N of Seventeenth N
37:6 by W 00, block I, Park Lane Tract 7; $10
Port Blakeley Mill Company to H. and Nttl
tie Emanuel, lot on NW line of Laldiev atj-aat.
SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 12.
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Sarah E. and Charles C. Hamilton to Mary
E. and Lora G. Rush, lot on W line of Mary
street. 152 :S S of Bancroft way. S 50 by W 130.
lot 4. block 14, McGee Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Christian A. and Margarethe Wleben (wife)
to Katharine P. McClell&n. lot 22 and S half of
lot 23. block 771, may of subdivision of block
771, Levy Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Eleanor S. Deering (widow) and Chester
Deering (by Frank H. Brooks, attorney) to
Charles H. Joy Jr., lot 41, map of Fruitvale
and San Leandro Road Tract. Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
L. C. and Miriam Moorehouse (wife) to Mrs.
L S. Meginnis (widow), lot on S line of Davis
street. 40 E of Hayes. -E 35 by S 100, block 2,
Ban Leandro, Eden Township; $10. . .
Daniel and Delia AUlscn (wife) to Mary E.
Oulsnam, lot on E line of Lorlna street,- 75.t>5
S of Russell. S 40 by E 110, lot 17, block D,
map of Adeline Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Augusta M. , Taylor (executrix of estate of
John Taylor, deceased) to Kate Love (widow),
lot en E line of Milvia street. 210 N of Vine. N
30 by E 135. being N % of lot 14. block 2.
Graves. and Taylor Tract, Berkeley; $550.
Victor Lubeck to Antonio Mosconi. lot on W
line of Grove street, 75 N of Fourth, -N. 25. by
W 75, lot 10. block 47, Kellersberger's map.
Oakland ; $5.
C. Chlsholm (married) to Frances H. Chis
holm (wife), lot on N line of Merrimac street,
227.04 W of Telegraph avenue, W 40 by N
70.96, lot 5. map Austin Park. Oakland; $10.
Hannah Work (widow) to Hattie L. Wich
man (wife of H. F.). lot on S corner of
Seventh avenue and East Fifteenth street, SW
110 by SE 100, block 58, Clinton, East Oak
land; also lot on NE line of East Fifteenth
street, 70 SE of Seventh avenue,- SE 80 by
NE 100. block 71, same. East Oakland; also
lot on NE line of East Sixteenth street, 113
NW of Fifth avenue. NW 37 by NE 100.
block SI, same, East Oakland; gift.
Christina G. or Gertrude C, Elizabeth J.,
Robert, Tina, Helen E. or Robertlna Helen E.
and Ethel H. or Ethel Gunn to Mary Y,- Roch
ford (single), lot 'on SE line of Sixth avenue,
150 SW of East Ninth, SW 30 by SE 125, block
2. same. East Oakland; $10.
May E. Roberts (Single) to Josephine Kane
(wife of James A.), lot on NE line of East
Sixteenth street, 00 SE of Tenth avenue, SE
35. NE 100, NW 25. SW 30, NW 10, SW 70 to
beginning, block 87, Clinton, East Oakland;
$10.
Margaret and Thomas Keane (husband) to
R. B. Hill, lot on NW line of Ninth avenue.
50 NE of East Eighteenth street, NE 00, NW
125, SW 100. SE 26, NE DO, SE 100, block
107. Clinton. East Oakland; $10.
Mary UlUHand (widow) and 'William' J. and
Mary E. Gilliland (wife) to Adam GUliland.
lot on E line of King street, 150.6 N af Mason.
N 75.3 by E 120, lot 38, block 11. map lands
Regent-street Homestead Association, Berke
ley; also E 25 feet of lot 18, block J, Klink
nerville Tract, Emeryville. Oakland Town
ship; $10. .
Katherine V. Kllnkner (executrix of estate
uf Charles A. Klinkner, deceased) to Louis
Scbaffer, lots 2 and 3 and lots 16 and 17* block
11, map Herzog Tract, Golden Gate, Oakland;
$»10.
Harvey S, and Laura ' S. Haseltine (hus
band) to E. M. and I. W. Bridenbecker. lot
on W line of Kelsey street. 64 S of Maple
(now Stuart), S 60 by W 120, lot '46 and por
tion of lot 47, block C, map University Villa
Tract, Berkeley; $10.
E.' M. and I. W. Bridenbecker (wife) to
Lewis A. Pier, same. Berkeley; $10.
Joseph and Maggie Davis (wife) to Lillie R.
Boone, lot on W line of Spring street, 309:11
S of Vine, 8 CO by W 135, being E^ half of lot
5, block 2, property Berkeley View 'Homestead
Association, portion of plat 84, etc.. Berkeley;
$10.
Mary F. Davidson (widow) to Alice H. Mar
quis (married), lot on W line of Telegraph or
Humboldt avenue, 130:7 8 of Stuart street, W
128:4, N 33:8, E 137.71, S 30, -portion of lot 4,
block G.^ Leonard Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Levl J. Moran (single) to Ludwjg and So
phie- Fischer (wife), lot on N line of Prince
street, 400 W of Calais, N 135, W 163.04, 8
135.12, E 160.10, lots 9 to 11. block J. map of
subdivisions of blocks I, J and L of Harmon
Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Mrs. Harriet A. Hansen (widow) to Hannah
B. Rulofson, lot on W line of Harper street,
280 N of Ashby avehue, N 40 by W 122.33,
block 9, amended map and resubdivisloti of
Central Park, : Berkeley; $10." - .
Hercules A. and Hattie C. Morln to Ella M.
Tanson (widow), lot E and W 6 feet of lot D
In block 16, map town of San Leandro, Eden
Township; $10.
Mary C. Dolan (single) ' to Helen F. Tobln
(Dolan), daughter, ¦- lot 11, map of Broadway
and Weston avenue lots, Oakland; gift.
La Monte E. Brown to Henry Klngdon, lot
7, block K. Golden Gate Tract, Oakland; $10.
Lawrence or Rev. Lawrence Serda' (single)
to William H. Macklnnon, lot on S 11ns of
Forty-«econd street, 2C5 W of Grove, W - 25
by S 137:7*i.:iot 24, block 2089, Paradise Plat,
Oakland; also lot on S line of Forty-second
street. 100 W of Grove. S 137:6 by W 63, Oak
land; $10.
William H. and; Frances Maekinnon to
George Sterling, same, Oakland; $10.
George and Carrie R. Sterling (wife) to
Realty Syndicate (corporation), same, Oak
land; $10. . -
Same to same, lots 35 and 30, map Rock
RMge, Oakland Township; $10. •
F. Atzeroth (owner) with Cox Bros, (con
tractors), architect none^ — All work for. a two
story basement and attic frame building" (flats)
on W line of Flllmore street, 122:6 S of Fell,
S 27:0 by W 100; $7330..
Alameda County. .
. P. O'Connor (owner) with Mager Bros, (con
tractors), architects Shea & Shesj — AH work
for a two-story frame building on H line of
Park Hill avenue 177:0 8 of Buena Vista
avenue. 8 50 by B 115; $3789.
G. E. Porta (owner) with B. Beccas and A.
Caccia - (contractors), I architect owner—All
work for alterations and additions to a three
story frame building on B llpe of Second ave
nue, 200 8 of Clement street, S 25 by E 120;
$2400. ¦ - -• ¦•.":¦ •
Builders' Contracts.
f!3 SW of Roanoke. BW 25 by NW 100, lot 110,
block 4. Fair-mount Land Association; f 10. - -
Oscar Heyman to Emma Nlblock/ lot on W
line of FoUom street, 75 S of Stoneman. S 25
byW 80, Cheseman's map 1, subdivisions of
Preclta Valley; $10. v
John P. Jackson to Spring Valley Water
Works, Lake Merced lands, 5 chains of tho
strip known as Weaver title, lying within . 5
chains distance of the present margin of the
water of Laguna de la Merced and of the land
on each I side of the outlet and all In land
acquired. under agreement with P. L. Weaver
and. John P. Jackson on December 12, 1874; *0.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL,. SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1903.
47
EMPLOYMEirr*OFriCBS.
GEORGE AOKI, 421 Pet .t_: tel. Bash 133—
J4V P* a **« - Chines* employment of floe; fur-"
r.l»hx b*«t help ; contracts for farm h«lp, eto.
_.— ORPHEUM Employment OfQc«— Japan eae-
a-ctai help. <26 PowelL Tei. Main S752.
? — GR.AJCD Japanese-Cb'.nesc Emp. Offloa 415
•Stockton; t«L Grant 168; expert. reUabl»*h«lp
CHINESE EmplojTr.ent Office — Beat help at
Leon Seuag's. 411^ OTarrell; tel. E-st 420.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
floe; all klnda help. 315 Btockton; Main S1S8.
CHINESE and Japanes. help; est&b. 20 jr*arm.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLET * CO.. 64O Clay.
LMI'LUVMENT WA.NTKO KKMALE.
A .VtAT. reliable, respectable German rlri C
month* in this country requires situation to
ao housework and asslrt with cooking In a
pood family. Address MISS TIEMAMX, 03
Tehetns. et.
RELIABLE, strong, honeet vomtn —-ants •work
by texn day; carpet sweeping and flannel
•*-Bhing. eppdaity; ji 25 day; car fare for
calliBic. 174 Fourth st.. room 10, one flight.
BUSINESS woman, used to handling corre-
spondence and meeting public, some knowl-
edge of bookkeeping, desires position sls sec- :
rgt«— r or m_na_«r; ref. Z. 015 Larkin st_
DRESSMAKER and ladles* suitmaker, artictlc,
reliable; expert cutter and nttrr; only flrst-
claaa work done- will eew in families day or
week. MISS BARSS. 1024 Mission et.
R-EJLJABLE woman -wants work by the day;
house cleaning and flannel washing specialty;
II 50 day. Box 1742. Call.
TOUXG lady d*»£-ires position to do efflce work
or fis cashier; writes a good plain hand; ex-
I«rlenced ; can cyerate Box Yi'Oi.
fall offlce.
A REFINED, capable German girl wishes po-
Fltioa as managing housekeeper in apart-
ment house or like place. Box 1740, Cail.
ELDERLY woman would like situation In
srcaJl American family to a*Flst in house-
work; city or country. Box 1C45. Call.
ROOM and board In exchange for light house-
work; rear lhlh and Caslro Ets. L. .W..
1U»6 Valencia ft,
LADY returning to China orders ce— i-lcea as
chaperon, maid cr ruree, for passage; refer-
ences. Box 1713, Call offlce.
BY a first-class seamstress on white work, to
go out by the day. $1 and carfare. Box
1240, CaJl office.
WOMAN wishes position to do light house-
. work by the week; $3 ti0 per week; sleep
'hotr le; Sunday off. Box 12*3, Call.
FEW more encagernrnts wanted; specialty of
infants' and children's clothe* and b~nd-
woe_. EEAMSTItKSS. 612 Treat ave.
A GOOD experienced seamstress would like to
ret sewing. 75c per day. Seamstress, Call
branch, 200 Hayes ct.
FIRST-CI_tES laundress wishes work, three
<laya a, week; wages J2 per day. t>12 Treat
•T«.
GIRL wants a place for general housework in
eziall family for plain cooking in city. Please
e_ll 2222 I'oet st.
"TOMAN wants day work, washing or clean-
Ing. Call 23<3 Hickcry ave.
FIRET-CLAES cook desires a i-ituation. Call
18 Tehama tt. MRS. J. LADXIElt.
A*~\ experienced stenographer wishes position.
81* Examiner building, third floor.
DRESSMAKER. «rict!y first-class. wishes
work by the day. Box 4301. Call.
A GIRL wishes general housework In Email
family of adults. Please call at 34 ij Dia-
mond tt.. between 17th *nl 18th.
Nr*KEERY (covernees wishes situation: English,
French. German; no objection to country Adi
dress box 41»O. Call office.
EXPERIENCED nurse for child or invalid; no
objections to leaving city; good references.
Box 4135. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER and cashier now employed
withes to make change: capable of talcing;
entire charge of offlce. Box 1224, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED lady want? employtr lent to do
light housework. Call at 1130A Pacific st.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAIHstec^Bt.
CLASSIFIED advertiFe— tents and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 nilmore.
EMPLOYMEXT WANTED — MALE.
UNENCUMBERED, healthy, active, reliable,
henest, . refined, elderly widower desires posi-
tion as companion to invalid or others on
land cr era: guardian, custodian cr some
• .other ssitable employment. Address R. F.,
P. O. box 21G3, San Francisco, Cal.
"FIRST-CLASS coachman; Swedish; private
family; permanent work; thorough horseman
and driver; tine all-round man; very best
cltjr and personal references. Box 17U5, Call, j
A BOY of 16, understanding shorthand and j
tvDewritirig. would like to <!o efflce work
where there is a chance of advancement. F. i
L.. hox 1?4»3. CaJl of flee.
CAKPENTER, union man. 55. good mechanic,
will work for £J 1*0 per day if given steady
employ— lent ; jobbing Ehop, ranch or factory. '
Box 41H7, Call office. ]
MARRIED couple with one child. IS tt lonthe,
would like i>lace in Ftock range or winery
>«rd; wire would cook for a. few men. Ad-
dress J. L.. »16 Paralta St., Oakland.
J'OUNG msn working short-hour day wants
scree work in exchange for board and room;
t«ke« care of 1 rses. Bex 1132. Call.
FOBER, industrious and reliable young man,
a<\ wants situation: can make himself handy
at anything. IJox 1744, Call offlce.
AN* elderly couple would like position to tike
charge of gentleman's home In country; ben
of reference* given. A. G. S.. box 419S-. Call.
IIAXD7 elderly man wants work to c*re for
horse, cow, pardon and chickens; references.
Address Handy, box 1249, Call offlce.
A TOUKG colored man dezires work of any i
kind; best references. 171 Minna tit. J
MAN desires steady place do chores; under- j
stands horeet, gardening and housework; is
reliable, eober; city preferred. Box 1£31,
• Call office.
UPHOLSTERER and decorator; understands
carpets, curtains, shades, mattress; union
rr.tr: wishes eteady work, city cr country.
M. II. VAKASION. 4C3A Minna st.
BAKERS — Finst-class cake baker and confec-
tioner, rood on bread, wants situation, city
or country. JONES. 310 Turk et.
ENGINEER (stationary) wishes situation; city
or country; can do own repairs; reference
fTtven. Box 414-1, Call.
WANTEI>— Situation by an experienced mixol- |
oglst; German, with best of references. Box
417«, Call office.
BT young man aa bartender, night or day; I
also experienced in wholesale and ret— 11 gro-
cery business. Box 4177. Call offlce.
CHINESE first-class cook; private, family or
boarfling-houBe. Apply CHONG'wIXG, 002
Clay et.
A TOITNO Japanese boy war.U a position to
work as schoolboy. Address 431 Stevenson
mt. MOTODA.
JAPANESE very good boy wants position.
HARRY. 807 Thirteenth et.. near eteiner;
Ul. Page *3C3.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscription*
received at Call branch of"«. 22tjO Flltmor*.
HORSES AAD WAGOS8.
GIIAND auction «ale; all horses, wagons, har-
ness, plows, scrapers and ether material be-
longing to Greely A. Son. contractors, with-
out reserve. Tuesday. September 15. 11 a. m..
at st— bles. 7th. bet. Pt. Loboa and Clement.
ALMOST every fashionable trotting- Fire in j
f allfornia has a representative m V»'il!lsm
O. Le)*ncs* great auction i>ale. . to- morrow
night; see advertisement under auction sales.
Catalogues ready.
ON account of guing to build, entire stock of
wagon*. fcugKles snd harness must be sold at
tarriflce. Corner 15th and Valencia »t».
FOR rale— Expreiw wagon, with top frame
canvas. Arply 4<M7 Twenty-sixth et.
yoi'NG black mare for ranch. $45; two email
mareg. S30. 79 City Hall s-ve.
FOR gALE— Handsome trap; cheap. Box 1000,
Call offli-u
ONE fine surrey. 4 bugglea. 1 pony and 2 pony
carts for sale. 1504 Fo'jom- st.
F'G<V1*> hrt-v* for sale cheap 3?* Sixth «t.
Al EXPRESS waeron. light Mnsplagr wagon
and rocart for gale cheap. 632 Mission st. .
LOST A»U VOVKD.
PA HTY who found lady* a. purse, j containing
two ring*, watch, keys fend owner's cards,
lost August 22, can claim own reward re-
tuming to 1156 Ecott st.
Lost Between Thirteenth ave. and Broadway,
a set cf plans of 2 cottages; finder please re-
turn; suitable reward. Address box 823, Call
efflec-. Oakland. m
LOST— Ladles' watch. E. A. on back.
Liberal reward; return to Kochaaibeau Hotel.
404 E11U Bt. .
115 REWARD for return of two rings lost in
ladles' toilet, California. Cafe, Sept. IL
WHITAKER. RAY & CO.. 723 Market gt.
»/3ST— Small ereen enamel cross, on Market
et.. between Third and Sixth. B«turn to W.
IL HOEUBT, 4408 Eighteenth St.; reward.
James 11. Lawrie, bsloved husband of Eliza
D Lawrie, and father of Ella and Harry D.
L«wrle and Mrs. W. A. Todd, a native of
London. England, aged 79 years 4 months
and 20 days. (Oakland- and Santa, Clara,
Cal., and Syracuse, N. Y., papers please
copy.) ¦
E^'Fiiendl and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tho funeral services
Monday, September 14. 1903, at 2 o'clock,
at the mortuary chaDel of the Golden Gate
Undertaking: Company. 2475 Mission , street.
near Twenty-first. Interment Banta Clara
Cemetery Tuesday morning, on arrival of
train.
LEVY— In this city, September 11, 1903, Setta
J., relict of the late Jacob Levy, and beloved
mother of Fred H. Levy, Mrs. William Gold-
stein, Mrs. Sam Well, Mrs. Henry Cahen
and Mrs. Joseph Welssbaum. a native ot
Kaatel, Germany, aged 00 years 10 months
and 7 days. (San Jose papers please copy.)
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, at her late
residence, 1721 Pacific avenue. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery, by train leaving
Third and Townsend streets at 11 o'epek.
Please omit flowers.
McGONIGLE — In this city, September 12. 1903,
Annie M., dearly beloved daughter of the
late Patrick and Grace McGonlKle, and de-
voted sister of Willie, Cornelius, John,
James, Dennis and Daniel McGonlgle, Mrs.
George H. Murphy and Mrs. Charles Colgan,
a native cf San Francisco. 1
(CTTte— talna at the parlors of the United
Undertakers, SCO Mission street, near Fifth.
MELLETZ — In this city, September 11/ 1003,
Helena Melletz, beloved mother of Adolph
Mel lets and Mrs. Lizzie Blangy, a native of
Germany, aged 70 years 7 months and 7
daya. ¦ •
IC~Funeral and Interment private. Ploasa
omit flowers.
MOULIN— In this city, September 11, 190J,
James B. Moulin, beloved .father of Louis
D. and Henry L. Moulin, a native of France,
aged 74 years and 14 days. A member of
Spartan Lodge No. 36, A. O. U. W.
IC?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at 11 o'clock, from the funeral parlors of
Porter & White, 423 Golden Gate avenue.
Funeral under the auspices of Spartan Lodge
No. 36, A. O. U. W. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
ORR — In the City and County Hospital, Sep-
tember 12, 1903, James B. Orr, a native of
Canada, aged 05 years.
POPPE— At Sherman Island. September »,
1903, Carl Poppe, beloved Bon of Hans and
Annie Poppe, and brother of John," Edward
and Christina Poppe, a native of California,
aged 23 years 5 months and 14 days.
KTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
September . 13, 1903, at 2 o'clock, from
Charles J. B. Metzler's undertaking parlors,
«33<i Washington street. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemttery.
RENO — In this city, September 11, 1003, Cath-
erine Reno, beloved mother of William G.,
Joseph S. and the late Peter J. Reno, and
sister of William Farrell, a native of Hall-
fax. . Nova Scotin, ased 7'J years 5 months
and 10 days. (Huston, Mass.. and Halifax,
Nova Scotia, papers please copy.)
|C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. John's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for tho
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ROSCHER— In this city, September 9, lpOS,
Frederick, beloved husband of Margaret
Roscher. and father of Frederick G. and
Henry RcBcher, a native of Germany, aged
53 years 0 months and 21 days.
STROM— In Alameda, September 11, 1003, Adel
Strom, beloved wife of. Mr. C. V. Strom,
mother of Victor A.. Carl and Alma Strom,
and Mister of Mrs. J. Carlson and Mr. Axel
Landregren, a native of Sweden, aged 40
years 5 months and 2S days.
lOFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, September 13, 1003, at 2 o'clock, at
her late residence, 1179 Regent street. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
WALLACE (or DRIVER) — In the City and
County Hosoltal, September 12, 1903, H.
Wallace (or H. J. Driver).
WALTERS — In Irvington, Alameda County,
Cal., Sectember 12, 1903. Fannie Alvira
Walters, beloved mother of Mrs. George A.
Cash, a native of Aurora, N. Y., aged 80
years 7 months and 11 days.
WARNER— In Napa. Cal., September 10. 1903.
John William, beloved husband of Hilda
Warner, and father of Charlotte and Alice
Victoria Warner, a native of London, Eng-
land, aged 48 years C months and 4 days.
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, September 13, 1003, at 1:30 o'clock,
at the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate
Undertaking Company, 2475 Mission street,
near Twenty-first. Interm*nt Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by carriage.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave hiiU are duo to arrive »* •
SAN FBANCISCO. __|
'¦''¦'?.' ¦•'¦¦ '<-. (Main Line. Foot of Market Street.) ~^
LB1TI — FtOM 8HTHMBKB 3. 1903. — Aa»ITB
7.00^ Benlcla, SuUun, Elmlra and Sacrs-
mento £•*§*
7.00a Vscavllle, Wlpters, Rum»ey_ 7-25r
7 JO a Martinez, Sffn Ramon. Vallejo,
Napa, Callstoga, Santa Rota 6-25r
7.30a Nlles. LlTermore, Lathrop. Stock-' -
ton.... ' 7.2S>
8.00a Davis, Woodland. Knlz&t* LaadlnK.
JlarysTllle. OroTllle. (connects
at Marysvllle for Grldley, Biggs
and Chlco)..; : 7.5o>
8-OQa - Atlantic Express— Ogden »nd Baat. 1 0.25*
8.00a Port Costs, Martinez, Antlocb. By-
ron,Tnu:y,Stockton,Sscrsinento, .
Los Hanoi". Mendots. Htuford,
Ui. .;>. VUalla, PortnxYllle 4J23*
8. 00* Port Costa. Murtlnex, Tracy. Lath-
rop. Modetto, Merced. Fresno,
Ooshen Junction, Hanford. VI- '
¦alia, Itakenfleld 6.2Sf
8-30a Shasta Kxprest— DavU, William •
(for Bartlett Sprlngi). ¦Willows,
IFruto, Hed Bluff. Portland 74J61 1
8.30a ~11c£, San Jose, LtTermore, Stock- -.».-;
- ton, lone, Surramento, Placer* Me,
• MarysTllle, Chlco, Bed Blnfl 4-2Sr
8.30a Oakdalc. Chinese, Jamestown. &>
nora, Taolnnine and Angel* « 25i"
9.00a Martinez and Way Sutloni 8 55f
tO.OOA Vallejo_ 12.25*
10.00 a El Pato Patten rer. Esstboand.—
• Port Costa. Martinez, Byron,
Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton.
Merced. Raymond. Fresno, Haa-
fcri. Vttalla, Bakertfield, Los
Augelet sad El Paso. (West-
bound arrives via Coant Llae)... «1.30>
, 10.00a The OTerland Limited — Ogden,
Denver, Omiiha, Chicago. 8-25*
12.00* Hayward, Nlletand Way StaUont. 3.26r
11.00p Sacramento Klrer Steamert TlLOOr
3.30r Benlcla. Winter*. Sacrsniento.
Woodland, Williams, Coln«*. Wil-
lows. Knights Landing. Marys- _
Tllle. Orovllle and way ttationt.. 10.55a
3.30* Hayward, Nllet and Way Button*.. 765p
4.00r Martinei.San Kamon.ValleJo.Napa,
Callitoga. Santa Rota. ... ••25*
4.00i« Martinez, Tracy. La ihrop.8tocktoa. 10-25A
4.00r Kile*. Llvcnnore. Stockton. Lodl.. £.25r
4 .30* Hayward. Nile*. Irfington, Ban I t8.55»
Jote. Liver— .ore (til. 55a
6 COr The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tulare.
Uakertfleld. Lot Angelet 8 55a
"6X0r Port Cotta, Tracy, Stockton, Lot
Banot 'ft'si'
' t630r Hayward. Slle* and San Jos« 7.25 a
6.00 Hayward. Nlles »nd San Jote 10 25a
B.OOr Oriental Mull— Osrden. Deny er. - .
Omaha, St. Louis. Chicago and
East. Port Cotta, BcnlcU, Bui-
can, Elmlra, Darts, Sacramento,
Kocklin. Aabtrn, Colfai,
¦.. Truckee. Boc*>, K«no, Wadf
! ;'-v-i worth, Wlnnemocea, Battle
Mountain, Elko .... 4.25F
b.. feeno, Truckee, Sacramento, Davit,
SufSun, Benlcla, Port Cotta 7.55a
. 6.00p Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... I 7 eg.
7.0Cr Vtllejo, Sunday only.....*. »
7JQ0r 6an Pablo, Port Cotta, Martlnei _.'_.
and Way Sutlon* 11.25a
8C5p Oregon & California Eipreis-Sa-c-
ramento, Mary avoid. Bedding.
" Portland, Poget Hour d and East. 8-55 A
8.10F Haywurd, NlietandSan Joae(Snn-
d«y only) - II-OB*
11 ,2B> Port Costa. Trtcy. Lathrop, Mo-
deito, Merced, Raymond (to To-
»emtte). Fretno. Hutford. VI-
talla. BakersflBld 1225f
COAST LINE (Sarro- «»«g«). .
(foot of Martet Street.)
745a Santa Crnz Sxcarilon 'Sunday
only) MO*
81 6 a Newark. Center vllle. San Jose.
Felton, Bonlaer Creek, Sa»U
Crax and Way Stations 6 25r
, 12.1 5r Newark, Centervllle, Sun Jote,
Ke w Aim aden. Lot G atos.Felton,
Boalder Creek, Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Station* 1053*
4.15* Newark. Sun Jote, Lo* Oatos and
way tUtioBR (on Saturday and
Scnday n ins through to Santa
Cruz; Monday only from Santa
Crnz). Connect* at Felton to
and from BonlderCrwck t8-5>A
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN MIAN CISCO, Foot of Market 8L (SHpS)
— n:15 9:00 11:00 A.M. 1.00 3 00 6.15 P.K. .
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t«:0O t*:09
tS:03 1U:0Oa.m. 12 00 2 00 4 00 P.M.
COAST LINE (Broad «a.ge).
tar (third and To-nsend Street*.)
6-10a San Joie and Way Station* B-30*'
17-00 a San Jote and Way Station* 6-38'
7.1 S a Monterey and Santa Cruz Exctrr-
Bton (Sunday only) S-30P
8-00a Xew AlruadrrUTuc*., Frld., only). 4.10r
• 00a Coat t Line Limited— Stopt only San
' Jote, Gilroy (connection for Hoi-.
/ llrter), Pajaro. Caitrovllle, Sv
Unas. San Ardo, Pato Koblcs.
banta Margarita. San Luis Obfipo.
Guadalupe. Surf (connection for
Lompoc >. Santa Barbara, Saagus
and Los Angelet. Connection at -
Cattrovllle to and from Monterey
andPacinc Grove 10.45*
9.00a San Joie. Tret Ptnoi, Capitols,
8antaCraz,Pacl0cGrove.Sa!tnas,
San Lull Obispo and Principal
Intermediate Station* 4-10f
t0. 30a Ban Jose and Way Station! 1.207
11. 00* Cemetery, Passenger — South Saa
Francisco, San Bruno 1.05*
11.30a Santa Clara, San Jose, Los Gatoi
and Way Station* 7.30P
a1.30r San Joie und Way Station* X7-0QP
2. OOp San Jote and Way Statlona 19.40a
2.3Cp Cemetery Passenger — South Saa
Francisco, San Hruno 4-351*
' t3.C0r Del Monte Exprexs— Santa Clara.
Sun Juae, Del Monte, Monterey,
'" • Pacific Grove (connect* at Santa
Clara for Santa Crnz, Boalder
Creek and Narrow Gansre Points) t12.1 &>
8.301* FaclQc Grove and Way Stations—
rlurlinp»mt\P»n Mateo. Kedwood,
N M.-nlo I'nrk. Palo Alto Mayfleld.
¦ Mountain View. Lawrence. Santa
Clara. Ban Joes, (Gilroy. Hollls-
ter, Tre» Plnos). Pajaro, Watson-
Tille. Capltola. Santa Crtu, Cat-
trovllle, galfna* 10 45 a
4-30p Ean Jote sud Way Stations 8-3Sa
bXOr Ban Jimc, (vl* Bant* Clara) Loa
Gatot, Wright and Principal Way
Station* (except Sunday) 9.00a
5520i- San Jute and PrlnclpalWny Station* fS.OO-
tS.ior SanMateo.Bereiford.nelmont.8aa .
Carlos. Bedwood, Fair Oak*.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto 1945p
f.30r San Jose and Way Stations 6.36a
CUp Snuset Limited. Eactbound. — Saa
Luis Oultpo. 8anta Barbara, Lot
Acgelet, Denilng. £1 Pato, New
Orleans, New York. ( Westbound
arrive* via 6>tnJot<julnYallej)... tr82S*
. 8.00 r Palo Alto and Way SUtlons 1015a
1 1. 30 p South San Francisco. M (librae. 'I
' _ Burllngame, San Mateo. Bel- {
moat, San Carton, Redwood, I M .»
Fair Oaks, Memo Park. Palo}- I2"_I»
Alto. MaytteM. Mountain View. | ?' "*
' Sunnyrale, Lawrence. Sacu j
Clara and San .lose J
A for Morntnc. P for Afternoon.
X Saturday ami Sunday unly. t Sunday only.
( Stops nt All r-tnttoni* on Sunday. . - . :
t Snni!u> vxc-cpted. a Saturday only.
r \ i>, c<i*M Une. v Via Ban Joaquln Valley.
tr.enotrnln eattbonnd dlsconttnaed.
tifouiy trains stopping at Valencia St.southbonnd
arc 0:10 a.m.. t7:<X>A.M..U:00A.*.. 2:30 P.M. and i:30 P.M.
IB^PS^SJO SAN RAFAEL
|H^^M,SAN OUENTIN,
lia^Draa^M^fl^l VALLEY*
IcftftH^JUi 'CA2ADER0, ETC.
via Sausalito FerTy
WEEK" DAYS=(HolJdaya excepted>-^J.43. ,
f7:45. 8:45. 9:45. lla. m.. 12:20. •lliS, 3.13.
4:15. tO:15. >B:15. 6:45. 9. 11:45 ra.
7:45 a. m. train week daya does not run to
2-11 •VKo 5 6 7:30 9, 11:43 P- nx
¦•THHn,B..rk2. ('I 1 ™ to San QuenUn.
Those marked (t) to Fairfax. ""P 1 615 P- "?•
Saturdays. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train
'"FROM SAN^RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Vl^ek /ays— 5:25. t«:25. 7:40, 8:15. ti*:W.
11:05 a. n?. 12:30. 2:20. J3:45. 4:50. 6:30. QAi, |
10 Sl?N?iAYS— 6:15. 7:35. tS:10. 0r<0. J10:M.
111-45 a m.. 12:50. 2:30, J3:25. 4:40. JS.fWi
ti-05 7:35 10:20 p. m.
Tralhs marked <f> start from San Quenttn.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Week days— 5:45, 6:40,-7:45, 8:25.
0:45. ll:10a. m.. 12:40. 2:45. 4:15, 5:10. 7:05.
10 *4t) D. OT.
SUNDAYS— 6:35, 7:55. 10, 11:10 a. m.. 12:05.
1-05 2-40 3:45. 4:55. 6:05. 7:10. 10:40 p. m.
,>*.--* ' THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m., week daya — Cazadero and way
itatlon*. .
5:15 p. m.. week days (Saturday* eiceptea)—
Tomalea and way stations.
3:15 p. m., Saturdays — Cazadero and way
statlona. -' - -
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 8 a, m., Caza- '
dero and way stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. m.. Point
Reyes and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market «t.
FERRY— Foot ot Market at. ' '
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
. Leave Ti* Stualit* ftrrj I Arri-»
SaaFran. H*d toxin*. San Pian.
Week Sun- Stm- Wwk*
»j4Ba »:OOa fS^jfiSSMa. 1<:OOm»:1«;
l:45r 8:00a \_W^K_^ 13:0Op3:3Or
6:15r 10:00a X^S^J^J 3:30p 5:50*
.1,1,. ,.| 2:35 pj B:OO, *
_tar*»ys«_j. ita-i Tt-gaY wiBOr.tniwlf. il:3o-
T1CUT \ 6a» Maxmmt St^ (North Shore RaOroadJ
Of ?K33 ) aad S ausauto Pekxv Foot Market St.
The Weekly Call
$1 pep Year*
LOST AJVD Pcpyp — Contln-««1.
LOST— A pass book with th« Htbernla Barings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In th«
nam« of martin olsen. No. 237-832. Th*
finder will pleas* return to bank. - . '.
IT will pay to "Remember" that tb* California
Watch Case Co.. 220 SutUr st-, needs old
cold and sll— >r to make new wateh cases.
_^ HUXlMillV.
LADIES, you are ipvited to visit my millinery
opening to-day and to-morrow; Imported and
New York hate. MME. DOSCH, 207 Post st.
MJiS. RUMPLE will be pleased to meet old and
new friends at her millinery parlors.221 Geary
~^ "~"~~~~— ~" ~**~*~~~~i~T~~~~~1
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SAXB.
DOES YOUR KOOi' LEAKT
Repair It with elaterlte; Jn rolls easy to lay;,
needs no painting or coatlnc: good over old
Iron, tin or shlnxles; best for new roofs.
ELATKRITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HD. machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged- nee Sunday paper*.
H. 8. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 180-132 Beale st.
SLOT machines — Machines of every descrip-
tion, picture, lifting, punching:, electric shock
and fortune telling; send for catalogue.
\VATL1NQ MFQ. CO.. 2tt Second st.
A— Kine suits, JT 50; dress pants. *2 60. Orijrt-
nal Misfit Clothliuc Parlors, 238 Kearny st..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— *3 50 DEKBY and fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near
Pine: open till 8 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shaft!:)*, pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
FIVE thoroughbred Holstein yearling calves
for sale cheap. Twenty-seventh and San
Bruno road. WM. SCIIAEFER'S Stockyard.
SLOT machines repaired; we have a fully
equipped ref.alr department; charges reason.
able. WATLIN, MFQ. CO.. 20 Second st.
NEWSPAPER route for sale; fine chance for
th* right man. Address N. A. LABSEN.
1715 Pacific ave.. Alameda.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shces at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d Et.. Exam, bid.; catalog, free.
BOILEKS. engines 2d-hand machinery. MclN-
TOSH _ Tv'OLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
TICKET to Chicago; male, dark, medium. Ad-
dress, etatlng price, box 1746. Call offlce.
FOR SALE— 2 good, hralthy milk goats and
! baby bugsry. cheap. 731 7th ave.. Richmond.
I MOTOR tandem for rale; almost new; can be
! seen at Millers Bicycle Store, SO Second et.
I $150 — NATIONAL cash register, almost new;
; cost $8». WOLF & FRANK. 2S2 Kfarny st.
j NEW wheel. tx>Ft double tires, Morrow brake,
accessories, $2U. Box 1241. Call.
SAFE — IMce $r>0. Bella Union Phonograph
Parlors. SOT> Kearny st.
A FINE 4\-carat perfect white diamond at a
bargain. 10 Sixth St.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 317-423 Sacramento st.
A JULES JURGENSEN 5-minute repeating
watch; very reasonable. 10 Sixth *t.
PAIR ."-karat diamond earrings at a bargain.
10 Sixth st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard * Breck. 131 Post «t.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all fixes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film and song slides. 109
: Montgomery st.
j SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains ;camp stools and chalrs.hammocks.
metal beds.tnattresces.J.F.Hotter,712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalup». 933 Mkt
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches,
all elzes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont St.
ASK for pri<—^ en eerorid-hand typewriters: all
makes. AL~XAXr>— R «¦ CO.- 1TO Miwtf'T.
MISCKI.T.AXKOIS \VAVrS.
WANTED— A Fecor.d-hand dark wood upright
piano: stat» bottom price, age and maker.
Box 1741. Call office.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES,
1149 Market St.; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st.: tel. Jessie 2831.
A BIG price paid for sealskins: send postal.
25 Et<-x-kt.- n ft.: rbinf Bush 4K4.
OFFICES AXP STORES TO LET.
$15 — STORE and 3 living rooms; 530 Sixth
St.- newly renovated.
JACOB HKYMAN CO.. 117 gutter St.
| PALallSTRV.
! READ on page 34 of the discovery of a lost
husband by Ismar. the Egyptian Gypsy.
MME DEVAS — Scientific palmist and astrolo-
gUt. Palm readings ?1. Hours 10 to 12 and
1 to 5. and Tuesday evenings. 139 Post st
I MRS. L. EHRHOHN. clairvoyant and palmist;
circles Monday and Thursday. 8 p. m., 10c.
cai Linden ave.. near Buchanan gt.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phone Black '561.
~ SPECIAL XOTICES.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Transfer
Books fir ihe transfer of stock of The Bank
cf California will be closed September 15,
1303, at S o'clock p. m.. and will reop«n on
Friday. October 2. 1903. By order of the
Beard of Directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
September 3. 19O3. •
; Ladles T Chichester'* English Pennyroyal Pills
{ «r« beet; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
' stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles,"
In letter by return mail. A*k your druggist
! Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia, Pa.
! DR. J». .E. NEUMEISTER. Surgeon — Special
attention given to medical and surgical dls*
eases of women, disessen of the liver, stom-
ach and bowels. 513-14 Starr King bldg..
121 Grary ft.: tel. Private Exchange 216.
STl'TTKUIXC AXD STAMMKIUXG.
MELBOURNE System t School. Van Ness and
Market: positive cure for all. Don't delay.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Th$ following marriage licenses were Issued
yeEterday :
Claus Kemme, 35. 019',4 Filbert street, and
Msria Meh>Ioh. 24, 910 >4 Filbert street.
Hans T. Danlelson, 25, 107 South Park, and
Martha A. Hval. 18. 4222 Twenty-fourth st.
Janus s. Wells, 23, Black Diamond, and
• Edith G. Groeper, 19, flHo Dolores street.
William W. Osborn. 2ti. 714 Bryant street,
and Pearl Hodden. 18. Elk Grove. .
Emldlo Bonetti. 23, 1029 McAllister street.,
and Mary Righetti, IS, 1029 McAllister street.
Giovanni Lulsl, 4.">, South Ran Francisco, and
Catorina Daneri. 27, South San Francisco.
Edward J. Johnson. 30, McKittrlck, and
| Maude Peters, 19, McKittrlck.
William A. Cooke, SO. city, and Anna F.
Dolan. 24. city.
William H. Spencer, 29, 919 Clay street, and
Lottie Lewis, 25, 10 Stockton place.
Harry L. Duckett. 21. 726 Post street, and
Eth'l D Scharer. 15. 72C Post street.
Ralph G. McNeill, 22. 405 Octavia street,
and Ella Behlow, 19, 100 McAllister street.
Joseph Champion. 26. 409 Felton street, and
Amelia de Bernardy. 17, .*KK) Utah street. .
Nelson W. Brown. 55, Sacramento, and Julia
A Wlnden. 48, Sacramento.
Harold L. EltreL, VX New York City, atid
Mav Anryc. 1". 'Xl~ Buchanan street.
George It. Magprl. «4. Hotel Savoy, and
3di(M>l if. Mcv'urdy. IS. 1W3B Clementina street.
IJTHS^MAEiAGES-DEAir
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted.' They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BENNETT — In this city. September 4, 1903.
to* the wife of Alfred E. Bennett, a daugh-
ter.
FOLEY— In this city, September 12, 1903, to
the wife of D. Foley, a daughter.
HANLEY— In this city, September 1, 1903, to
the wife of George W. Hanley. a son.
KERRIGAN — In this city, September 9, 1903,
to the wife of M. Kerrigan, twin sons.
RENWICK— In this city, September 11, 1903,
to the wife of Charles A,'Renwick, a daugh-
ter. **
jjttff- in this city. September 6, 1903, to the
wife of Rudolph Ruff, a son.
RCHMIDT — In this city, September 10.' 1903,
to the wife of Fred J. Schmidt, a son.
BMIRCICH— In this city. September 9. 1903,
to the wife of A. J. Bmircich. a son.
cTUART— In this city. September 7, 1903. to
the wife of Justes Stuart, a sot». • _
" ~ ~ MABBIED.
nn-GER— MANTHE— In this city. September
« 11*03. by the Kev. J. Fuendelin*, Andrew
Driver and Henrietta Mantbe.
iriFIELD— McCULLOUGH— In this city. Sep-
tember 10, 15*03. at the First United Presby-
terian Church, by the Rev. H. H. Bell. Wil-
lard G Flfleld of San Luis Obispo, Cal.,. and
Aimes ' Ruth McCullough of San Francisco.
IIEVNING— FOOMANN— In this city, Septem-
ber J2 1903. by the Rev.- J. Fuendellng,
Adolph Hennln. and Hedwle Soomann. '
HAFNER— CONHA— la this city, September
0. 11)03. by ths Rer. 3. Fuendellng, Georgs
\V. Hainer and May Louise Conha.
NOVAK— DOUTV- In this olty, SeptemBer 6.
1803. by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, John
Novak aad Ella Dout.
RUHLFFS— 8CHMIDT\-Ia thta city, Septem-
ber 8, 1903, by tha Rev. J. Fuendellng, Peter
H. Ruhlffs of San Francisco and Mrs. Meta
Schmidt of Fruitvale, Alameda County, Cal.
6IEM— EVERS— la this city. September 0,
1903, by th* K«v. G. A. Bernthal, C. Henry
Slem and Clara a Evers, both of Ban Fran-
clsco.
DIED.
Atkinson. William - , Kennedy, Alice C
Bergln, Annabella Kerrell, Albert D.
Bergin, James Lawrie, James R.
Blood, Dr. Warren Levy, Setta J. - ; ' 1
Bush. Peter McGonlgle, Annie M.
Coulter, , Catherine Molletr, Helena %
Downey, John Moulin, James B.
East, Bertha Orr, James B. '. -.^; -
Gallagher, Nancy Poppe, Carl
Gorman, Andrew G. Reno, Catherine
Grubb, Samuel N. Roscher, Frederick
Htnavan, Bridget Strom. Adel
Jones, David R. "Wallace, H.
Kamlada, Mamie - Walters. Fannie A.
Kelleher, William Warner, John
ATKINSON— In Oakland, September 12, 1903,
nt 41W Lusk stwet. William Atkinson, be-
loved fafer of Mrs. Ellen Plunkett. Wil-
Ilani J. and Arthur A. Atkinson, Mrs. Sadie
Bankhead and Mrs. Hattie TUplln, and
brother of Mrs. Ellen Pritchard and George
Atkinson, a native of England, aged 09 years
2 months and 8 days.
BEKOIN— In this city. September 0. 1003. An-
jj nabfclla, beloved wife of Michael Bergln,
mother of John and Theresa R. Berlin,
daughter of James and Elizabeth Allen, and
sister of Mrs. N. Pedersan, Mrs. G. Belzel,
Theresa, James, Joseph and John Allen und
the late Mrs. Elizabeth Mack, a native of
San Francisco, asod 2S years 8 months and
2 days.
(T7Frlends and acquaintances q.re respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 430 Harriet street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church for services at
12 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-'
tery. A requiem high mass will be cele-
brated at St. Charles Borromeo's Church
Monday, September 14, for the repose of her
soul at 9 o'clock. Friends and acquaint-
ances are respectfully Invited to attend.
BERGIX— In this city, September 10, 1903.
James beloved son of Winefred and th<» late
John Bergln, and brother of Michael and
John Bergin, Mrs. M. Neaion and Mrs. Cath-
erine Helmer, a native ot San Francisco,
aged 19 years and 4 months.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 11:30 o'clock, from his mother's
residence, 220l» Sixteenth street, between Po-
trero and Bryant avenues, thence to St.
Charles. Borromeo's Church for services at
' 12 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
A requiem hleh mass will be celebrated at
St. Charles Borromeo'* Church Monday, Sep-
tember 14. for the repose of his soul, at 3
o'clock. Frlc-nds and acquaintances are re-
spectfully invited to attend. ,
BLOOD— In Oakland. September 12, 1303, Dr.
Warren Home Blood, beloved husband of
Charlotte L. Blood, a native of California,
aged 39 years and 4 months.
BUSH — In this city. September 12, 1903. Peter
Hush, father of L. C. Bush, a native of
Denmark, aged SO years 2 months and 25
days.
COULTER— In this city. September 11," 1003,
Catherine, dearly b*loved wife of Alfred
Coulter, daughter of Michael and Kate Kane,
and sister of Daniel and Joseph Kane, a
native of San Francisco, aged 28 years.
(New York papers please copy.)
d>"Fiicnls and acquaintances are reepect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, via
11 o'clock funeral train from Third and
Townsend streets.
DOWNEY— In this city, September 10. 1903.
John Downey, beloved son of Edward and
Catherine Downey, a native of Ireland, aged
01 years 2 months and 17 days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
September 13, 11KM, at 10 o'clock, from
Charles J. B. Metzler's undertaking parlors,
tvill ¦\V'.-)Ehlncton street. Interment Laure.I
Hill Cemetery.
EAST — In this city, September 11, 1903, Ber-
tha East, beloved mother of Marvin and
Burnice East, daughter of Mrs. Nettie Logan
(formerly Mrs. Nettle Howe), and sister of
Mrs. B. F. Schell, W. G. Harden, Ernest
Howe and Mrs. C. L. White, a native of
California, aged 28 years 2 months and 8
days. (Humboldt papers please copy.)
jryFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the residence
of her Bister, Mrs. B. F. Bchell, 1210 Mission
street, between Eighth and Ninth. Inter-
ment Cypres3 Lawn Cemetery.
GALLAGHER — In this city, September 11,
1903, Nancy, relict of the late Thomas H.
Gallagher, beloved mother of Mrs. J. D.
Powers, Thomas H. and William J. Gal-
lagher and the late Mrs. E. J. Reynolds,
and sister of Mrs. Ed Rooney and Arthur
and the late John Kearney, a native of
County Down. Ireland, aged 65 years 10
months and 10 days.
ETTriends ard acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at -9 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros.. 224-226 McAllister
street, thence to St. Brlgid's Church, where
a solemn requiem hleh mass will be cele-
brated for the repoee of her soul, commenc-
. ing at 0:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
GORMAN— Iu this city, September 12, 1003.
Andrew J. Gorman, ton of the late John
and Mary Gorman, and brother of John, Jo-
seph and Chris Gorman. Mrs. M. Power
Mrs. J. E. Smith, Mrs. F. Christ, Mrs. Alice
Marbin and Clara Gorman, a native of New
Orleans, aced 50 years. Member of Var-
nlshTs' and Polishers' Union.
ET'Kemains at the parlors of -Carew &
English. 29 Van Ness avenue. Notice of fu-
neral hereafter.
GRUBB — In this city. September 12. 1903.
Samuel N., beloved husband of Rosa Grubb,'
. a native cf Baltimore, Md., aged 07 years
ti months and 7 days.
HANAVAN— In this city, S?ptember 12, liWi,
Bridget, beloved wife of John H. Hanavan,
mother of John T., William J., Josephine
und Agnes Hanavan, Mrs. G. M. Leddy and
Mrs. U. J. Hybiskl, and sister of Mrs. M.
Kentfick, Mrs. J. Coleman and Mrs. J. Mc-
La!n, a native of County Cork, Ireland, aged
55 years.
(TXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invltc'd to attend the tuneral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, -712 Seventeenth street, near Bryant,
thence to St. Charles Borromeo's' Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the refuse of her soul, commenc-
ing at l»:30 o'clock. Intermen.t Holy Cros.3
Cemetery.
JONES — In this city, September 11, 190.1. Da-
vid R. Jones, beloved father of John It
Jones, Mrs. F. P. ButterHeld, Mrs. II. c.
Cookson and the late Mrs. Z. V. Dodge, a
native of North Wales, aged 83 years 3
months and 11 days. (Eureka, Cal., papers
please copy.)
G5'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1S24 Pofct street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets.'
KAMLADE — In this city. September 10. 19O.J.
Mamie, beloved wife of Fred Kamlade Jr.,
mother of Madeline. Raymond, Mildred and
the late Milton Kamlade, dearly bejoveo
daughter of Bridget and the late Patrick
Culllnan, and ulster of Maggie, James and
Amelia Culllnan, a native of San Francisco.
(Virginia City papers please copy.)
(ET'Friends and scqi'alnfances are respect- !
fully invited to attend the funeral tu-day I
(Sunday), "t 1 o'clock, from the residence
of her mother, 110 Gilbert Ftteet, the:ice to
St. Rose's Church for services at I:o0
o'clock. Interment Holy Cr*.83 Cemetery.
KENNEDY— In this city. September 12. 10Oi,
A'.iue C beloved dauchter of Alice and the
late Ji-hn Kennedy, and. sister of Ellen. Ken-
nedy, a native of San Francisco, aged 4
. months and 23 days.
KERRELL — Entered into rest, September 10,
1003. Albert Daw, beloved husband of. Mar-
garet Daw Kerrtli, and father of Amy D.
and Albert G. D. Kcrrell and Mrs. W. W.
Topping, a native of England, aged U2 years
4 months and 4 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at 1 o'clock, from Mission Masonic Temple,
Mission street, between Twenty-second and
Twenty-third, under the auspices of Cali-
fornia Lodge No. 1, F. and A. M. Inter-
ment private. Remains at the funeral par-
lors of Bunker & Lunt, 20CJ Mission street,
Mission Masonic Temple, between Twenty-
second and Twenty-third streets.
KELLEHER— In this city, September 12, 1003.
William Kelleher, a native of Ireland, aged
60 years.
LAWRIE — In this city, September 12, 1003,
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher )
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mer.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Kmbalmera.-
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple
Now at 8C<$ MISSION. Tel.- South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, Near Fifth st
Finest Equipments at Moderate Ratea I
I James McGinn. Henry HanK^^I
JAMES McGINN & C O °- I
Formerly With McGinn Bros. 1
. Funeral Directors and Embalmerg .
.. 214 Eddy St.; Tel. South 576. "
¦F. J. Monahan, President.
MONAHAN & CO.,
(Inc.)
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2339-2311 Mission et. Telephone Mission 31. /
EAILWA7 IBATZL
CALIfORNU NORTHWESTERN ILCO.
• i_h:ssice3
UH FRANCISCO ANU NQBTH PAC1H5
SAIIVAT COMPAITT.
Tletiron rerry, Poo? ox Market. 81.
BJLXt TUATfClSCO TO SAN SATAS&.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 8:00. 8:00 • 11:00 a. m.:
12:35. 2:20. 3:40. 5:10. 5:60. 6:30 and 11:30
p. m. • •
Saturday- — Extra trip at 1:30 p. n_
SUNDATS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:80. 11:00 a. m.j 1:90,
2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. m. • .
SAW EAFAEL TO BAB FBA2TCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:06. 6:80. 7:33. 7:50,. 9:20.
11:15 a. m.: 12:50. 8:40, 0:00,. 5:20.
0:25 p.. m. .. • ¦
Saturdays — Extra' trip at 1 : 43 p. ' m.
SUNDATg— 6:60, 7:S5, 8:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:43.
3:40. 4:50. 5: OO, 5:20, 9:10. 6:25 p. m.
•Except Saturdays.
Leave j In ECect j Arrive-
Ban .Francisco. I ' May 3.' 1808. [Ban Francisco.
Week I Sun- - Destlna- . I Sun- 1 1 Week
Days." ) days.) tlon. . | day. [ Ptya,
'. 7:30 af . . 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30a 8:0Oa 9:40a 8:4Oa
8:00 a 9:30 a Ixnacio. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30p . - 6:00 p 6:20 p
C:10p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
7:80a 7:30a 7:45 a 7:43 a
8:00 a 8:0Oa Norata. . 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:80 p 9:30 a Petaluma, 6:2Op 6:20 o
6:10 p 2:30 p and , 7:25 p 7:23 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa.
7:30a 7:30a 10:20 a|lO:20 a
8:00a 8:0Oa Fulton. 7:25p 0:20p
2:30 p 2:30 p ¦_ -• 7r23p
T~\ I Windsor. .. ;-|
7:30 af 7:30 a| Healdaburt, 10:20 a 10:20 a
(-• J Lytton, | :
2:30 p| Geyserrllle, T:25 p 7:23 p
I Cloverd— le.
7:30 al 7:3Oa| Hopland 110:20 a|10:2O a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and LTri-h. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
~7:30a| 7:30at W1111U. |7:25p|7:25p
"8:00a| 8:COa| Cstmp Vacation. 110:20 all0:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Guexnertlla. | 7:25 p( 9:20 p,
8:0Oa| S:0Oai Sonoma. |-8:4Oa| 9:40*
5:10 p| B:10p| Qlen Elian. ] 6:0O p] 8:20 p
7:30 al 7:30 al 110:20 atl0:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| EabastopoL | 7:25 p| 9:20 P
STAGES connect at GrMO Bra* for Saa
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for Whit* Sulphur
Springs: at Fulton for Alt— aria, and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Osy-
servllle for Skargs Sprtr.g-s : at CloverdaJe- for
the Geysers, Boonevllle aad Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Laks-
pcrt and Bartlett Springs; at TJklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Bin* I_ikes, Laural
Deir Lake. Witter Springs. Upp«r Lak«. Pomo
Potter Valley. John Day's. Rivanlda. Llexly's'
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. HuIlTiIle, Cur's
Hot Springs, Halfway House. Comptcha. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins, Mendoeino City. Port Bragg
Westport. Usal: at Wllllts for Fort Bragg.
Westport. ¦ Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Layton-
vllle. CumxninKS, Bell's Springs. Harris, Ol-
sen' 8, Dyer, Garbervllle, Pepparwood, ScoUa
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday— Round-trip tickets to an points
beyond San Rafael at halt rates. .
Ticket office. 650 Market stx-et. Chroolcl*
building.
H. C. WHIT-NO. R. X. ETAN.
Gen. Manager. O«n.PasJ. Agt.
' ml f V^^0E5^^^^_V f
¥m af i " \ ¦ \\ " : ¦ *^»'-- ; .'
I CALIFORNIA
I LIMITED TO CHICAGO
¦ let»«« Mondt-i tod Thnruit—i « f.» ».».
M TiMujh la 5 <i»yi witi Dia€t« tflj »il tripjrfnn.
W Our otivct tnlas gt> fts .-',' . * / -.
y 7:38*a 1 (or Stockton* Vreaao,
f] f :30am > BakersSeld. Merced,
II S:OOpm) Haaford, Visalla. ' f/i
[I 4:00pm for Stocktoa.
£l t:flW for Kansas City aad C&lcajro.
« OHlce. 641 Market St., aad la F-rry
H Dtpot; 1112 Broadway, Oakland.
H Trains here* Mark a Strut Fttr*.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
e Steamers leave San Fran-
cisco as follows: •
For Ketchtkaa. Jnsean,
Haines. Skagway. etc..
Alaska— 11 a. m.. Sept. 13.
18. 23. 28. Oct. 3. Changs
to company's steamers at Sa-
attle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattle, "Ta-
coma, Everett. "What com — 11 a. in.. Sept. 13.
18. 23. 2S. Oct. 3. Change at Seattle to this
company's steamers for Alaska and O. N, Ry. :
at Seattle for Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Van
cat iver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka - (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:3©
p. m.. Sept. 13. 19, 25. Oct. 1; Corona, 1:30
p. m.. Sept. 10. 16. 22. 23. Oct. 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Loa Anjreles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 0 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Pantt Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Sept. 14. 22. 30, Oct. 8.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Sept. 10. 18. 26. Oct. .4.,
For Er-ienads. Magdalena Bay, San Josa del
¦ Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
| salia. Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th ot cacti
month.
For fjrther Information obtain folder. V
Right Is reserved to chance steamers or sail*
Ing dates.
TICKET OS? VICES — -4 New Montg-om-
•ry street. (Palace Hetel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf. ¦."•*'¦' •¦
Freight offlce. 10 Market street.
C D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent,
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. /?.« iV.CO.
"Columbia" rails Sept. 10. 20. 30, Oct. 10, 20,
80. "George "W. Elder", sails Sept. 13. 23.
Oct. 5. 15. 23. Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND, OR,, and short rail line from Portland
to all points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail art LOW.
EST RATES. ] Steamer tickets Include berth
'and mealc. Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at
11 a. m. 8. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept.,
1 Montgomery st; C. CLIFFORD, Gen. Agt.
Frt. Dept., 3 Montgomery »t.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave ¦wharf, corner Ftrst* and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling- at Kobe (Hloso).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. • N<j
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
S. S. HONGKONG MARU (callln* at Ma-
nila) Saturday. September ID 1903
S. S. NIPPON MARU ".. ..
Thursday. October 13 1903
S. S. AMERICA MARU <... .
.». Tuesday, November 10; 190TS
Via Honolulu. Round trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage, apply at Com-
pany's offlce. 4^1 Market street, corner First.
TV. H. AVERT. General Agent
oceapies.5.co.E?_^;
S. S. SONOMA. . for Honolulu. Samda, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Sept 17. 2 p.m.
S S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Sept. 20. 11 a. m,
S.S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Sept 28, 11 a.— _
dl.S?RECI£lS& BSU.CO, A|ts..r£_itX_n»B41 Tirtna
Jntytl&a.US ButaUUhrli ih&lL
. . . ___ _»
COKPAQiaX 6E5ZBALX TBA53_TLA~Tiq~~. ,
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. j t4 t t m tm
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of^lffQErk
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, «3Ho_aS»
North River, foot of Morton st.
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. See-
ond-clasa to Havre. $45 and up— ar4. GEN-
ERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets' sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Hire ?sTanrt asft Vallejo JtMam
--.¦ — : ~— ¦>.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
0:45 a m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 8 r45 a. ra.. 8:30 r m. Leave Vallejo.
7 a. m., 12:30 noon. ftp. ra.. ex. Sunday. , Sun-
day, 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Fare, 50 cents. Tel
Main IMS. ' Pier 2. Mlsslon-st dock.. HATCU
BROS. •
The British National Pavilion at tho
World's Fair. St. Louis, will be a repro-
duction of the orangery or banquet hall
of the Kensington palace, in Kensington
Gardens. LondonA nickel -in-the-slot X-ray machine has
been invented. The observer places a
coin In the slot, moves a lever, puts bis
Try to Find Owner of t Watch.
Detectives Regan and Sheehan . caught
Philio Kelly in the act of disposing of a
Eva Bournler, 16 years of age. was ar
rested last night in a dance hall on ' Du
pont street ' between Bush and Pine
streets. She is charged with violating a
city ordinance on complaint of her father,
Young Girl Is Arrested.
hand, or whatever -he wishes to examine
Into a box. without any sides and looks
vT n i.V lt throu sh the fluorescent screen *
which forms the top of the box.
PORTLAND. Or Sent. 1" tv .»_
L. F. Bournler, a watchman employed in
Oakland. The girl says she earns |2 a
night and supports her mother and aged
grandmother, who live at 1143A Folsom
street.
the best functions ever given by this
chapter. ,
- Ivy Chapter, one : of the most sociable
of the local chapters of the ; Order of the
Eastern Star, will celebrate the twenty
seventh' anniversary of its institution -by
a grand ball and supper in Golden Gate
Hall on the evening of Tuesday, next. .The
affair is being arranged by an active com
mittee. *vhlch lurooses to fake It one of
Ivy's Anniversary.
OAKLAND. Sept. 12.— Because some one
let a black cat on the stage of the Mac-
Donough Theater during the performance
of "Ten Nights In a Barroom" to-night.
John Martin, a stage hand, became wroth
and accused Washington Jenkins, the col
ored doorkeeper, cf the hoodoo offense.
Black Cat a Hoodoo.
valuable gold watch to a second-hand
dealer at Sixth and " Minna streets . yes
terday afternoon. Kelly rushed from the
place and threw the timepiece to the
pavement He , was later captured and
will be held until . the ' police can ascer
tain who the watch belongs to. It is a
heavy gold Waltham; case No." 48,560 and
the works are numbered 3.113.948/
Jenkins retaliated by,, hitting the stage
hand over the head with a cane, laying
Martin's scalp open. Jenkins was arrest
ed. The cat that nearly upset tne snow by
the mlscued entrance escaped.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1903.
48
HALE'S. | HALE'S. | HALE'S. | HALE'S. . ._ r _ ' ._ . [ . ,_^_:_ HALE'S. | 1 HALE'S. 1^ TT^ Tl ' R> S. ¦
fThis is tlfe week to see them and en joy them and take advantage of -the op- T*l^*Qk WTi nn \ j-» C4- 1 * C *4- w^«& '
portunities they afford. Our opening display two weeks ago was remarkably com- I IIC VV lOIHrig &IV16S lfl <*&&&£&
plete and comprehensive. But the last two weeks has brought so many notable ad- Hale's tailored dresses have already taken first rank. ." Y- $$W&fe>
pg* ditions that we make. ' - ! —They have an individuality that keeps them frotn being common. I^Wlffl^
IrT Oiff- Pftll^cf Antnmti Hicnkv Thic WaaL- —And a price that isn't high. • fe^M#fM
f V/lir JrlllieSL AUlUmn L^ISPlCiy Illla VV CCK Women see in them ' nnMihii;*;* ~t a i r j- a • , L M^'- : £'-W^y^m.
U . ryi i • , mi ii 51 1 , • tt i i •--, women see^in tnem possibilities of dress rarely found in ready-made costumes that now they M'^P-Iuk^/\^^
These later, riper Styles will not be shown till to-morrow. Hale Styles have a may have an outfit different from any one else's and without paying an exclusive price There's no fis^'^mtW W*ft 3
W$ml winsomeairTheyseem to appeal to one rightaway-so appropriate
so sensible, so on ones level. They are not extremes, not beauties to admire and stores to distribute them among. The tailor is K lad to make changes— maybe put a lining in the \^iSM«t^%i4 p'^sSv H
pass on. Zit^r^Hxi^z^^^^ I
A3B5**t.¥^t rla1p**c rirkm^— I ilr^ t — — ¦ — — — — ¦ — «^— s— — — , S22-SO , A mlxed Sutt - flouble brea8te <i wous« coat, wim GvSi^-^^x^^r a
Apj^^*.^? IldlW O OtJ lIfJIIlC-l-4lK.W . ._^.', - . . . : 1 rtWM jacklt n fll" klrt ' Ub C0 " ar> s°ev ldlZed bUttoD8 ' bUh0I> M^^^^'TA
f^'i^-H l! [i}:T^ That's the first thing that strikes so many women when ¦ raTtllf i>" X ~N »S2S OO SuIt wlth a mannish cut-away coat, cut collar clo-o MfitS^i^-'^^^ W
I ¦ they first come in. They feel free and easy-and not out r^^MwW^L- -) flarTtkirt^"0^^ i£?m&£ Un " ninKl " vea '*°« a
'• J^^^.V of place if they don't buy. Then there arc so many cozy i^^S^d^^^^Sl^ vi^^^^^^f -^ S30 OO A Ilght cny Btre<>t dress wlth * ttainim blouse. ffi 3N*lN$£-6f
°'^. &^^;^1 home spots about the store where one may rest and visit. /^^ffi'«^^^^^^ -'4^^^^^^M\' \§\\\ braided vfive^Lta' 111 " efreCt> wlth b!aCk Bllk bu " ons * ad i!l%H«»
Up in the millinery and cloak salons are carpeted floors. :" iK )/V S3 O SO A «"««"«»• ««»>•«»• •«« «n biack. trimmed with fT (
rockers and chairs and leather upholstery, where one mav |^^g|^^^ Iw ¦ f 1 a^the^S,
i^^Xfe^^^^S enjoy all the home comtorts while they are communing drooping capes over shoulders, faced and lined with white satin* • ¦•^¦'¦^Ss^V 8
liiM^^M^^^ A-ith fashion. <^IP, $3^* $35.00 , A t een m ! iei1 1 u ! fit wlth long - clos( fltud wat - he!l1 Mi^>^^^B2J^V I
mMMW&*m* No" «d then we like to fix up our home for visitors- J*P$ 7 fallS^T f teel n " a«e/? r^ P^ h ca^^^n'lYn^t^'^o^^Vta^l JWM0mmk< 3
/^•i^^#^ii^^5#K'^&^v —^ vc . Jt a welcome air for those wc expect. So we have "\^ ?r m- •¦ ' EkirthaVa si^pii 8 ia" ed fl wlth changeable " llk - newest a:ee%-es. I
yv^5&''^*^ r v.^i*^^K^ done it with the store this week. The prettiest ribbons /<3*«^1&, > S,^UV . C^O en An et a rr,rn» a /hl^ n » •„ v, v ..v /^^^^¦^t^^^M^'f^^ *l
>j^^^Si?^^P^ are out. the newest dress goods (tweeds' and zibelines). . ¦ tWM W^ ' § 1^E9 h \Z?%JZ #ifepli^#
#i^#P^«^^ and laces and trimmings. But upstairs the rooms look f V?$> Wk \ "ta£hn* roiSr Pe B fv P n n nt S g " to Jf 9 ' tlpp * d wlth t * MeU - -rf&F&sj -*". w .1 W&SS&P
4m&!mW$^W&^^ like crape arbors_in fact that's what they are. for there / &m ,\ <-,'^Vl0-O^ *fMnn^~™?o£^tl£ t i*.u*.* , :^^MM^M?Mff^T^
m tnili««Yne. Md hanging grapes : TO • " \, -J J £&£$&'¦ ' .< A I *S2dd2 ffl Si'¥" oubI ° -^ -e r"^ *SSS!SS5f
£^-^kK All says "Welcome." . o/r^^M-^s^ ||. $M^ty*aP#AMfX34* , gg 1 metal buuon, w O ve h r tS g ta " el9> wood flber ' lllc bratl3 '
Ribbons Rather Remarkable i^ nery Magnificence -Staple White Dinner Ware
All this factory's ends of staple saiin taffeta ribbons come to the Hale store at half At Its Height at Hale's TO ArOUSe MOVQ EnthuSiaSITI
regular price. n« l.,1-.;^ ft c^ n * I ~.,~+V.«m- f«^« +/-L_»^«^^^,,r t *• ««> better qn»Uty— and th« prices are tie lowest In tie city. Why shouldn't house-
T 11 -Ji-l. /XT ?« V rt -»r> t in tr> e in nil rnW<: all fr«»«;Vi anH ille kal eidOSCOpe takes another turn tO-morrOW. keepers be anxious to buy It? Do you know we get It In carloads and yet we can't keep up an B
In all Widths (NO. 5 tO AO. 30 — I in. tO 5 in.;,, ail COlOrs, ail iresn ana ¦ r - , , , . t assortment but a few days after It's In? Women keep finding: out what we are doing; the business!
. . , . . „ . u -~ Wf m->V^~ Wh^r ,,ta mnlnn'r mv» vnn -> hptt^r A]l the scores 01 maturer Styles the last tWO Weeks have keeps jumping up. We even ask less for this good kind than the poor kind sells for! 1
bnght and new —all are the very best quality. W hy, We COUldnt glVe^OU a better ¦j Mr .i- fW i 5r/i 1f r rtr : Ua r rci . +:„_ + n mnrrnw -R^,,^ ;« « J5 8 u ls th / 1 thln ' "eml-vltrous goods; every piece Is positively guaranteed not to crackle.fi
opjLtnnity in colors, in variety, or in thequalities if we let you go Jour regular developed are out for the first time to-morrow. Beauty is Such high beware is usually for the few but we .put it in \
s?odcs and pay about imct as much. We have these same goods in regular stocks intensified. The focusing interest of the season » centered • Here 's a Set at $7.50: Worth $1 1.00
,., , , Upon thlS display. Nothing: has been left Undone. PariS has ; ¦ *"-00 \M what you pay elsewhere; 57.50 Is our price— a saving of J3.50. Ther© are 100 pieces N
now like everv °TOCer who lias SUSfar. , ., J . ' . ¦__ , r , . ... , , In embossed designs, scalloped edges. 50 pieces at 53.6o if you don't want a whole set. We'll sells
uu>v mt t a ; b i^i 5 sent her contribution. New York is richly represented, and peces separately . g
Of course thev are onl\' ends 1 tO Q V'ards each SUCh pieces as are left I .,,. • , ¦ . / v . ' Dinner plates, six for 48c Sugar bowls, double handled... SOc Open vegetable dishes— 1
. , . , -i ti. c u a ' » j r 11 j our own milliners have been on their mettle turmner out clever Pie plates. 8ix for 32c Fancy shape tea pots 4sc f-inch ones i2cB
over after 10-vard bolts are cut. 1 hey are folded instead 01 rolled. . , r ,. , , . ° soup plates, six for 48c Gravy boats ioc 9-inch ones iscQ
5c .actorV «-.: «*«£* P*. 1- T^c; 13c^-F-tory en d8 Re^ar gog^ price la gc; l^SiOT thlS WCdc S showing - 5!±SSSS?S[SMl3« ISc? 87SS^»^£ 5fi8 SSS??§«^?S|
6«^-iw^rV^- i SSitf%.tal0c:'xaT SS":**l£ «* w5u biacL^"" lnthebesl The novdty and Variety IS Surprising. There Was never I Individual butters. 8 lx for 15c Meat platters- * 5-plnt one. 30cl
Mtin ufletu bfrtrrafle beat colors. 20c yard-For factory ends; etock price Is 35c; 5 inches, , U J ' A'CC *. 4.1 'j L Bone dishes, six for 50c 10-inch ones 12c 3^-pint ones 1S C |
So yard— For factory ends; our recular stock prte* Is wide; satin' taffetas, black, white and colors. . a SeaSOn Wfien We had SO OianV dltterent Styles- — and each a Tea cups and saucers, six for..55c 12-inch ones.. 20c 2-pint ones 15c fi
iiVjC 15c and ISc: N"o». 9 and 12. best satin taJTeta 2Oe yard- —Factory ends: our regular stock price, is 40c; ¦ ¦ * J Coffee cups, six for 65c 14-lnch ones 33c 1-plnt ones 12c U
in assorted colors, as weU as No. 16 In black. they're satin taffetas, wide and rich. Studied Stvle, tOO. 1 tt
I solid GoidJewdry T«hl^ I inAti OffAt-c we planned it so Flannelson the Move Some good news now in
1 hTo rtu *tv lflDlC Lrineil UlierS We wanted to be able to give each -woman a different * *«llllCiaUll LUwlT 1U Y Carriage Bags, Wrist Bags I
A Kemar ca_j_uppo ry Peculiar to Hale's style. If we did we knew, she would think more of us and.of "S^^l'SATi 11^ 1B& and Automobile Bags |
_ _» . j p " *-Vi<» t\* 1 " '*" * — itiore new piques mappeas, oui i^tsc. *^ g
10 Get a Aew btyie anQ ray tne ~. trices are unusual The aualities are not .¦ tne hat. . —Other German velours. 15c. 20c. 25c Carriage bagg. 11.00 to $10.00. 1
I Leaser It. w JX "t get '« ibu^ you would We have succeeded better than we thought we could. We §j| '— — ~ «=¦ WS?l™i. fyrfg |»
| Here are sonffe of the hand- be disappointed with what you got. So we are were never so well fixed to supply any taste or any purse, par- How can they stand still with so many new They are the favorites justl
scmest pins, brooches, sleeve as careful with, the bargains as we are with the Ocularly things coming in? H ale's are in the flannel busi- now, whether riding or shopping!
links, necklaces, chains or such regular stocks. We want you to have that good- Black HatS ill AbUtld^nCe ness this fall with a vim. Not a new idea has °J h^ Slting * f WOI r er , tOr
like we have seen. All of them so goods feeling whether you are paying what a A special f ea ture of them this' week, not just a few been overlooked ; not one has been slow in get- 1-Hsh^heyXare' ° W *" Y ** \
new the morning dew is still linen is worth or not ' dozen like you are in the habit of seeing, but nearly 300 ting here. j The carriage bags even at $i.oo
sparkling on them. a iSS'^SShi^ DIFFERENT STYLES. :The very .newest ideas frqm- Paris and And with them comes a bargain now and
But look aeain wears well. XT at- i xt ' , ° in colors, iney come m Rus- ¦
~. ' ' j* -I 4 .. . . , 300 samuk goes on sale to-morow. it's unbleached, so New York. Not one you wouldn t be proud of. Not one that then — with the maker's "compliments." For in- sfen leather; more expensive B
! lTU^^^^KJiS^E oY^^ t ' - doesn ' t . showsomeneweffect - Some with high roll, many of stance: ' ]£& d r j^ s . waIrus 8kia 1
'" D £ rr u *. £™5ti» s^!ncL 00 7^ e for S to7S\^% I LS 8 for the 72 inch, g them with^^ nodding plumes ; others have the shower spangle The automobile ha« at c™- I
And 2 5 C for these sleeve but- H.p^to xnatch these are ,2.00 and . 5 3.50 a fadng women think SO well of. IOC Cashmete Wrapper FlaflHels at 7C htve^iSchains.^S ,50 wS 8
tonS " . , 70c for a 95c Sunuk is another good thine: It's silver Then there are winsrs. quills, jet, steel ornaments, velvets and satin 2000 yards in a full range of colorings. . new styles. leather handles, and even a few i
Yes, it's prices we are as proud Reached.^ with a B oft satiny nnish, all pure linen, 64 ribbons, with hiRh and idWtWWjs;^ sweeping Gain'sborouRhs and the ..pinks.' lwljt blues, tans and green pounds- with small fnner StSn ' tOP * 3
Of as we are of the Styles and the tlnen xouata we just got from a mill. They're bleach- PdS^IoiS SfcUfons $i f 7S ISs^fc 2?$6^ind $?S * There stri P cs - Il ' s a cloth wc usua "y sel1 at I0C » but this man $2.00 and $5-00 ones are 8
qualitv. We got an "inside" not wV™. l Iwl a w wL^uIualfy I but a we 9 vl ' can't be anything newer. We are readier than we ever were in'black hats. had only a small lot left, so he let us have it at a bar- in Russian leather; others in wal- 1
. , / , ¦ 4.U ~ marked them aU at $1.10. ' " I mi n 7c. rus ?3- 2 5 and 5-J-5O. And in seal B
a half dozen concerns in the coun- . ¦ . — ¦ — — ¦— — — t— ** " T—^ —^— — — I z* in - * with silver frames $5.50. But the |
tryo-et iTT1_ J_ J T^»H Y* 4d££&i'' $ti£ " _ , special word is of
Sheets and Fillow Cases j^Sk^ Away Go Fancy Silks M^.hL^e.S^u,^,
Solid gold ytick pine. e.E!ort<»d de»!cn*. In ni^-r c t i -r.t - . * i *. V V .vicuium, nanuy Size, >\ Jtn metal WT1S1
wishbone ar.a crescent, with Fettini?. or pearls, — as well as sheeting for z. b eptember sale. Its just what s$*a?5 Trc~ A C^ -I £~\~^~~ —*^~^. d\^. chain, lined with chamois as well as in
S»SAf4f&££?fi housekeepers want- just when thev want it And at a time when T 75caild$l OneS HOW 50C side coin purse and pocket.
HSS^^JOiALiu^ T^^Tt * JUSt^ hen ! hey^ antlt And at a time when ,|:sj«. Six charming styles : Two-toned louisines, pretty for waists Wrist Bags at & have
lth .«,, , 1 . 75 . the >' wouId least "P^ a bar^ ain - Jy or child ' s Presses; and brocaded louisines and illuminated louis- s e ±t '"mS*™ Jalrus fnd
ulTctS SK'cSin'^ISk'Vs.oo. Cotton prices are way up, yet Hale's have some way down this - X '^^m'" ines elegant for finines and coat facings. Fancy louisine stripes suede leather. These at 35c. 50c, u
! Some Notions week! Do you know . that many of these values are less than the $t %J^ ¦ ¦ (light blue, rose, violet, light green) on jasper grounds-what's Sc'eptVoSSiiy Se loosing 1
— ffood as they can be. wholesale market price? ; wk^C4^^D^^ \ ' prettier for waists? Also small figured taffetas and fancy striped Some of them have leather I
° _ J TTnhlparri#»H ATn«;1inQ ( if\ in ar*» cr -wxriK VrtssT^Kfrir'-^'-^^^r^^v -\ i£fi r j \"*'H tops, most of them have inner 3
Some Prices unDieacnea .uusiins (30 in.; are 5 c \ard. _ Kn^UJ^mM>^ \ taffetas for drop skirts. fittings. Some of them have 8
—as low as thev can be manv full-size pillow cases are 8c— regular price ioc. I Three of them were ?$ c ' Three of them $I y e3terda >'- All 50c leather handles instead of |
of them even lower than they 00 all " WO01 blankets are $4 '°°- $I - 00 comforters are 8 5^. ,; ' J/ to-morrow. Four and five and six colors of a kind. By grouping s^Opcra Bags. $ 2 .oo, «S |
usuallv are I2^c Pillow Cases at 9^c. offer to spoil their standing in the \sWms^^L^^/ them together you get a magnificent choice, and for a third and $2.50, $3.50. Some with metal 'I
?tftrW «?h,>Mc i!«« «r Mo. -, n A - That's a mill bargain of the rarest sort community. There isn t a better . fltt^Sgr*^ /W//j ¦ Half nff tor. frames and chains and some |
btockmet bhields «c pr . iMos. 2 and 3. -the kind th* Hales' storeR are ko for- and heavier grade of sheeting'that #V U W^^ !\ !&/// ' with draw strings One nore i
hnamel Darners, -c. tunate in getting-only a factory's big- gO es into ordinary sheets than is tfMWffin 1 l\\7/// Surah Silks reduced to 40c— 19 inches wide, used so much now for linings, good thinj? ° * I
Cu n be C p^ s O! iet or colled* «» 5o ™ s SfSiSSru^tnSd'hff r^rn^nfs found in these. The four prices mfBrr ]\v/ l anc y ™\ an , d trimmings; come in light blue, pink, dark green, 25c Music Rolls 1
> b e t'ins. jet or colored, 100, &c. of 6he etln & into pillow cases. So even are: . ifwV / / \\ ' ' brown, dark red and navy. They were 60c, but the assortment is not N . ? -"Auau. x^uiis h
1 bhoe Laces, tubular, lOe a dozen. If he did sell them at a loss he was ahead boo— 54x90. 65c— 81x90. * I) XL/ / , W full so we marked them 40c - are m & rain leather, full length, and B
Hair-pin Cabinets, straight and waved 'n the end. . coc— 72x00. 70c— ocxoo. 1 -I;- T1« nLf n«ro r« : Jo'V \ t, r t^u^.- - with a strong handle. 3
or invisible ones. 5c boJ - 0 " 1 l %.^ »"* time to-morrow, o*c pm ow Cases come with these sheets, "Excellence Or Noth- C BeSt DrCSS G °° dS eWS Is of These « 3
NE DL PT Pins. 5c paper. Other Pillow Cases to sell at 15c. A made from the same standard brand wi ¦ Q^r.f/-^ AAivorl Moforiolo Seotember Oonortiimtv I
Kid Hair Curlers, 2^c bunch. little larger. of muslin and are as unusual as they >!Hg" . OCOtCll 1111X60 iVlcHenalS oepiemDCr UpportUlUty j
Lennox Tape, 3-yard pieces, white, 50x36 inches, with a 2-mch hem. can be at the price. 15c size, 45x36 —is the axiom that has $1.50 and $1.75 a yard. • lO Buy Kitchenand HoUSel
16 "-, - . Ot , Hemstitched bheetS 65c. inches. euided the 'manufacturers 'nf There is nothing quite as smart for a new walking dress, especially if you H^l«^ 1
Tape Measures, 60 inches 2^c. Are bleached ones for double beds, meas- 2 qc Sheeting at 20C. guioea me mantliacturers Ot gi vc it a mannish touch in the collar, the sleeves, the lapels and the pockets. A Helps y . B
Uastmg L-otton, 100 yards, 3 spools ure 81x90 inches. A very good quality J . . ° - Her Ladyship Corsets. few of the new colorings are in the window. Will you see them? (Downstairs.) Ij
00, white. and very unusual for the price. It's the U-* (99-lnch). That's extra wide. -rj ,. , . . ., •.- - ¦, • Mrs. Potts Sad Irons Xr re r*i r>r • H
Fancy Frilled Elastic, colors, 7V 2 c White Sheets at i7r They are wider than you usually get at By patient labor, with na- f ¥ j. • Th , vV , „^ 1 *'*'¦'•> 5eto f3- 3
,. ar j ' vvniie oneets at 37c. 20c. We got It for a man. No* he doesn't *^«i „ *u • j 1 it- 1- 1 €1 f^ £X I «HTOIf1C . .. y re not the common kind. 1
v : » ' c ( * -D- ' 1 1 1 \ j Single bed slze (54x9 ° laches); en ex- want It. We took this loss of 5c yard in ture as their model, they have - L^ClCC Will Idllld hollowed in the center like a mere I
Kingston s Safety Pins, nickel plated, vellent quality of muslin. 1300 we are order to turn It into money quickly. -„' j • 1 • ¦, ,r , —^ These arc net ««/,»{ B
k^mm^^ o^S^^ 1 1 white canton F,anne. at ,^c. S^Sn"^*; Por Special September Selling |5SSSS| ' ;
s Cc /? C,, SP , „ ,„„. ggW n^e y ou wou.d h rn^e r^ r d Here's th" Ha.e sale for Xch housekeepers have been M W^W*^™ ¦ l
Child's Hose Supporters sc. -«-«•«»¦- w.,, watMT< ,,^ for the natural poise oMhe in g- They know they get good curtains. They knew they would " S^^d E5& ¦¦
They have safet>'-pin top with button All f\l t f H^ACC HP*** *-»^ *-m S *^ rk*£? body. Wearing a pair a woman save money. They won't be disappointed. The variety is almost as such.
ciasp;.three si«s, sman, medium and /\11 W {f^^ 1 nilimingS looks natural, feels natural complete as if they went to regular stocks. The prices are even *£££* ¦/&£^ISISSffi
; A bargain too for the women. Fancy Six months old and older have been sorted out and is natural lower than they would expect. Most of them in force for the first bottom. v
Frilled Side Supporters 10c; black, and marked to almost nothing to close Dressmaker are of i.n/M,™.,.. time to-morrow =..< : "'^- Flour Sifters 9 e.
pmk, blue, cardinal, lavender and yellow. : -.. . . & , f -Lressmaicers are otterK blamed "uic w morrow. Asbestos Stove Mats 2*4c
i them OUt at Once. . for. the poor "set" cf a gown; many 75c— Nottlnshama. white and ecru. «om» rery $3.20 pair— Usually sold at $3.60. $3.75. Som« AV,i>/ Pw To-.-; p t j
\\r-: + : M^. r»-,^. • ..".'-' Women never StODoinsrtO think that neat P a «erns and quite dainty for «mall handsome designs in cable thread weaves. T ,Jf^ftl- /OtCet JSracHetS gc. .
I Writing Paper A piece or two in this box, a piece or two in that one; a part possibV&e 8^ pattern8 are added KS w p " lw w uw i^^-jSs^^g^^
ioc, I5C2OC box. . O f anoth e r i n ano ther box, amounts up when we put them to- ftj r own corset 'Wearers of Her x £lS?^**r^ nso pair for Arabian curtains-ioo pair, or Romans 25c Sink Drainers 13c
New style stationery with a finish gether. We find' so many of these we didn't know we had,. we're' pS^fflftlffiSs .«.
; and air. to it. one wouldn't ex- going to stop a couple of days to sell them out. It'll be a littlehar- ' , ,. r ' f • "•¦ ' that e Now we've JroppeTthTprii t
! OeCt tO find for SO little monev v*»cf for rlr<»ecmQUrc «r «,Vir»1ocn1« *,•!„, ..U • i.t- -11- - Ladyship Corset COmCS. in very etrong serviceable curtains. • J n J^ new cord ed ideas. They're plain J 3C- We could sell all we could get at
loc^x u h1.Z,!i cr«m sITin w^ '^ dreS . sm akers or wholesale : tailors ; even the /mother, will 15 models, each with a distinct air 1 :^ ? nC h^ 25 wiS? SS ! '' ch curtalns ' W. but « want an extra eood 7hin ff ;
tmper: envelop** to match. • find rummasfingf amongr them mierhtv orofitable There 'are braids ' ot gracefulness. Prices are from 54 and some ee. They're very lacy and a $5.00 Arabian curtains are the resniar $3.50 so we marked them 13c. They're the
15c a box Is Colonial Vellum paper, tinted , . r *• , •, , , , , , . mac diCUldlUS ?I.OO to $10 SO . • good-to-wear kind. qualities— Only SO pairs of them. They best sanitary sink drainers- com, .r.^
in azure and blue. , and gimpS for children S Clothes (mohair and Hercules V totS Of * The nf««n,V **t*r,f, nn «f ' »2.45 pair-Usually sold at $2:75 and $3. ¦ Some have bordered designs of soutache braid and el Jj s<iI1 " ar y 5in K arainers. Come enara-
20c a box is Crepe <Je Velowr. a linen fin- & • r *7 **-" WUU1V - J v" llJ1U111 rt "«J iiCiCUlCb J.- l^Ulb OI . J. ne personal attention. Of an dainty Ideas for the dining-room, library or heavy French net. A very effective curtain CICd *
. »«ht^paper. tinted m heliotrope; envelopes them are recent enough for any one' s use. Of course these are the- P x P ert .fitter in our private parlors even the parlor, one dozen choice dwims. ror parlor uses. ; .; - Gas Stoves — Gas Ovens.
i 10 "V.^. ' ' fe-rp* ones that will go first. So don't come late if you want the best. I^SjS^^^-' Brass Curtain Rods I2l^c. Cottage Curtains 6 ;c. For- light- housekeeping. The #*
! ThYb^X!^ Dress Garnitures %^»^fe« SP^ -coK^^^^ rZ^^'ST ST, TT" S ?" wc "
of it in a book than usually comes at !^2^ r wet»^Set?^»S^k Al" Heroalei.ta black. ..«' inches y°ucam e in person to the store. ,| . ¦ the Great Bargain of the Day Is in This ¦ Skes biscuits iiri elk. h^'
ioc Three ssizes, - packet, note and fald appHqued with beads and * nets. 7^; and black mohairs and corded ef- . We have just issued a fall catalogue _, ui.uic wwi udigdiu ui me jr makes biscuits, pies, cakes and roastmj?
letter size We M t'an "incMe" nn Then there are sIlk corded drapes for , fect £ o £, £ Ia £ k mohair and Florence for folks who can t come to the store. JZ n r+-tf\V*-%r C^Acx**** I Tn r^T riintaitlC meat is^a pleasure with, this oven.
Ihem begetting srmaSy. ° D ZSTrMSFSS- C ° llars ¦«* yoke8 ' The " SSff* Kj^f SS'n^S 6^^ " you haven't already received one " raCtOry Cleail-Up OT CUPtaillS Gas Tubes, only 4 c foot Comes in
f ,_ • -_ 98c each: were worth $2.50 m Beawn. . 5 C YARD were 15c and 20c black'mn drop us a car ?' . At least one-third under the regular prices. . aiucngins. I
<&MJff^^ ffl ftSSSlSS^ffiSdViFSUm. hair gimps. fLcyUck and gSd\ "ml *mf There are 12 different designs in white and Arabian effects. They're all fr *BT
I -&£& /&[a / &i&Z^£*3X. ?3- 6 8 «»*; wsre worth $o and jio in Bearon. ming. /W ji&^&^&fm* yards long: they re all in the latest designs. The mill was enlarging — getting > Ar a '
, Jjl^£5t*i^*&&4Se*^^^£&' Trimming Braids. 3«"»e YARD, were 23c and 35c ; colored Jffl /ffl^iSz&Js&^g^^&S&k straightened up for bigger business. They discovered these short lines — some- /ffl/ffl<@£z$(i^4$^Z<£3& 5
I I© A TARD or 1Oc a dozen 'or mohair mohitr and sUk'Smns M WeU " bIack M^>G^ ' ~^-^~ times. only 2 pairs to. the pattern, sometimes 4, 6 or 8 and up to 30 pairs, which M^^G^T--——^^^ I
braids, l'4-inch. ?i-inch, i^-lnch; also m °nair ana suk o imps. —^*&OO£> Getot»&^'^ they let us have at a price. The variety is very choice and very broad. .>-.u(). ~~^* z2HP <~i Hi 1 1 !
Market Street Near Sixth black ¦ mohair and ¦ silk . tubular braids, 25c YARD, were 50c and 75c: Jet bead " ¦¦ „ ¦-..• - -¦-¦-. T^f ¦-?¦¦"¦ ?«, S?3.50, $4, $3, $5.5O, ?G, ?«.5O, ?7, ?7.oO and 90,50 __ .'.''»
/YiarKei Sireet, l>ear r>lXtn regular prices have been 2c and 3c. fringes; gold, black and spangled gimps. Market Street, Near Sixth We never had better vSuesT / '.' V . .'' Market Street, Near SixthPages^t<f52
MsM$te 52
•..--¦->'
•I ¦ ->_. -*
SAN^FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1903.
SIMPLE COUNTRY WOMAN, BELOVED FOR HER CHARITY
AND DOMESTIC VIRTUES, IS FIRST LADY IN FRANCE
'•what *• worries he will now -have!" *
Madame Emile Loubet does not take
FIRST LADY IN FRANCE, AND
AMERICAN BRIDE, OF ENG-'
"LISH: AUTHOR/"-.
dignity that pleased them well, and has
done her duty by Paris society as easily
and effectively as if all her life had been
devoted to that sort of thins.
Mme. Loubet belongs to one of the best
bourgeois famll'es of the Drome. Her
maiden name V...8 Picard and until her
marriage in 1869 she lived with her pa
rents at Montelimar. M. Loubet was at
that time a barrister there.
" Montelimar Is quite a commercial town
In these days, noted for Its hats, coal and
nougat But it has a good bit of his
tory transcribed in the pages of its past
and was the scene of much warfare at the
time of the Huguenot troubles. In some
parts of the old town are quaint build
ings and vestiges of the ancient walls
and towers. In all the boxes of nougat
on sale until quite recently a few lines
of poetry were always enclosed affirming
that:
. Montelimar est la Datrie
Des bons coeurs et des bons nougats.
And judging by the interest Mme. Loubet
takes in all charitable works it seems as
though she, has the . proverbial "kind
heart" of which her native town boasts.
A SIMPLE PAIR.
M. Loubefs father owned, a farm near
Marsanne. some, ten miles from Monteli
mar, and was 'Mayor of Marsanne for
thirty-seven years.
• Emile would have taken up farming
willingly, but his father was ambitious
for his two sons and wished one of -them
to study law and the other medicine. '
¦ When the President of to-day was a
young man preparing for. his legal exam
inations he had a room on the sixth floor
of a house in Paris just near the Luxem
bourg Palace, where, forty years later,'
he was destined to . live for a time.
M. Loubet,' like his wife, is extremely,
simple in his habits and his dreanv Is to
end his days in the country In the midst,
of his family, with his gun- and plpe v "for*
recreations. It is generally known that
he has bought . a ; chateau, to" which he",
intends to retire ; when hia term of Presi- ?
dency comes to an end, and that Madame*;
looks forward to this chateau as much as*
her husband ¦ does. This simplicity "runs' ¦
in the Loubet blood.; Parisians have not
yet i forgotten ; the way in ; which M. -Lou- ['
bet's aged mother took the news of ¦ the *
honors .which had fallen to the lot of her
son when he^was elected President. ? " ;;•'¦ '
"Poor fellow," she evclaimed vwhen sh'e' ¦
read the telegram announcing the event,;.
She Is a famous housewife, economical,
simple and fond of her children; she real
ly cares little for society and looks for
ward to the time when she and her be
loved Emilc may retire from the Elysee,
the French White House, to a quiet farm
Lack in the country whence she came;
yet ehe has ».ntertalned a long succession
vt kings under her roof with a simple
simple country folk it Is usually
forgotten that, officially, Mme. Loubet
is "the first lady In France." But the
fact that she Is almost never wrltte*n
ebout makes her all the more Interesting,
and, besides, the mistress of the Elysee
Is no ordinary sort of woman.
PARIS, Sept 12,-Just because
some of the haughty old aristo
cratic families of France under
take to look down on President
i<oubet and his wife as being
Entertains Kings
With a Rare
Grace.
LONDON, Sept. 12.— Mr. and Mrs. An
thony Hope Hawkins, who have been in
the country since their marriage, have
now emerged from their honeymoon suf
ficiently to come up to London occasion
ally. They were dining at the Carlton a
night or two ago and expect to be at that
hotel mora or less until late in the au
tumn, when they will probably take a
house In town. *
Mr. and Mrs. Sheldon. Mrs. Hawkins"
parents, who have done considerable en
tertaining at the house they have been
occupying near Regents Park, are en-
Joying a holiday after the gayetles at
tendant on their two daughters' weddings.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Ainley have gone to
Constantinople. This Is their real wed
ding journey, as at the time of Mr. Aln
ley's marriage with Miss Suzanne Shel
don his stage engagements would not per
mit of a Ions absence from London.
The Ainley wedding, by the .way, was
celebrated at Chlddlngfold, the little town
where Mr. and Mrs. William Faversham
(Julie Opp). who have taken Richard Le
Galllenne's house there, expect to live
until after the visit of the stork, late In
the autumn.
Author and His American Wife Will
Taks Up Their Besidenca
in Town.
ANTHONY HOPE. VISITS
LONDON WITH: HIS BBIDE
favor of the army and Is to bo seen at all
military reviews and balls.
* In ordinary everyday Ufa M. and lime.
Loubet are by no means ostentatious.
The President Is an early riser. H«
usually get3 up between 5 and 8, takes a
cup of chocolate and Is with his family
until 'about 8 or 8:30. He then goes out
for a constitutional with his son. M. Paul
Loubet, who is now about 20 years of age,
a barrister at the Cour d'Appel, and also
a conselller general of the Drome Depart
ment. From about 9:30 to midday the
President attends to state affairs and re
ceives the various embassadors. Prefects,
Mayors. Deputies or Senators who have
requested an audience. At noon luncheon
is served and at about 2 .o'clock, if there
should be no official visit to pay, the
President drives out. sometimes' taking
the reins himself, with the groom mount
ed behind.- and sometimes accompanied
by Mme. Loubet. He dines alone with
his family whenever he can, preferring a
meal of only three courses with a little
light claret. Throughout the evening he
usually reads and smokes steadily.
Mile. Marguerite Loubet, the eldest of
the President's three children, married M.
Soubeyran de Saint- Prise, who Is now a
judge at Marseilles. The youngest boy,
Emile, Is about 11 years old.
Not only does Madame Loubet enter
tain well, but she always welcomes to
the Elysee artists and scientific and lit
erary men. She always accompanies the
President on his visits to the salons and
to the studios of many of the well known
artists. ' She also ..takes a keen interest
In ¦ women's work of all kinds, and al
though not by any means one of the
"platform women" species, she Is always
willing * to discuss the feminist question.
Furthermore,, she always accompanies
the President to any manifestations In
Madame Loubet is an excellent hostess
despite the gibes of the old aristocracy,
and has proven herself quite equal to the
entertainment of royalties from other
countries. At the time of the exhibition
the kings of Sweden, Greece and Bel
gium, the Bey' of Tunis, the Khedive of
Egypt and the Shah of Persia were all
received by » the President and his wife.
and during the Franco-Russian fetes the
Czar and Czarina were delighted with
their reception at the Elysee.
AN EXCELLENT HOSTESS.
On New Year's day she makes a pres
ent in money to a certain number of
widows who ; are left with children to
bring up and who, during the winter sea
son,' find it to make two, ends
meet. It was due to Madame Loubefa
petition to the Prefect of Police that the
vendors of Christmas toys were able to
keep" their stalls upon the boulevard a
week, longer than formerly. It Is general
ly acknowledged that no ' one who Is
worthy appeals to the President's wife
in'vain, and her help is all the more val
uable from the. fact that she takes the
trouble to learn . something about the
charities to which she subscribes so gen
erously.
Madame Loubet is above all, things an
exemplary wife and mother and sha has
made a special point of visiting most of
the creches and dispensaries in all the
various departments of Paris. She has
also been indefatigable in her rounds of
the hospitals, making generous gifts wher
ever she. goes .and invariably carrying
with her to the children's asylums a sup
ply of toys and sweets for distribution.
any active, part in political matters, all
her spare time and energies being devoted
to charitable works. As soon a» she was
installed at the Elvsee Palace sha was
elected president of the Society of the Bed
Cross,- and only a few days later she was
presiding at the meeting of that admir
able "Union of French Women" the ob
ject of which is to train women as sick
nurses. Many ladies of the highest rank
belong to this Union and ambulance work
is specially taught so -that in case of .war
French women of every station in life will
be ready to devote themselves to hospital
service.
Mme. Loubet Longs for Quiet Life
.Which Will Follow Her Hus
band's Retirement.In the discussion of the proposition of
Mr. Chamberlain, the Secretary for the-
Colonies, to establish preferential tariffs
between Great Britain and her dependen
cies it was stated that Great Britain's
trade with her* colonies was only one
fourth as much as with other countries.
An annual report of the Admiralty. Just
issued, shows trade with colonies £237,
098,000, and with other countries £711,-
BUfiS,
Working of Preferential 3.
Many Chinese frequent Philippine mar
kets and are good patrons, as many have
restaurants and need large supplies. They
drive as keen a bargain as a*Fillpino him
self. He usually buys a number of eggs
and always carries with him to market a
small tin pall full of water to te3t their
usefulness! If the egg falls to the bottom
of the pall it is good; If It rises to the top
it is bad and Is refused, only to be care
fully wiped off by the vender and put
back In stock to catch a customer with
out a pall.
Chinese Judgment of Eggs.
South Africa ia the place for Shake
speare."
I could not have been more astonished
had Mrs. Crawley mentioned Milpitas as
an art center, but managed to maintain a
conventional surprise in my "South Af
rica!"
"Indeed, yes," Mrs., Crawley Insisted,'
with complimentary ~ emphasis. "Why,
they will ride a hundred miles In a bul
lock wagon to see a Shakespearean per
formance."
"Think of that for devotion to art! You
were there long?"
"Quite a long time, in the Henry Irving
repertoire. We were the first -company
allowed in Pretoria after, they war and
were in Bloemfont;ein when peace was
declared. But you must not persuade me
to talk of Africa, I shall never stop,"
laughing richly and jingling her barbaric
gold chain, .heavy with tiny ; powder
llasks, soldier buttons and other war tro
phies:
"I am very willing," ,'T said.
"Well," she began, her eyes becoming
deep pools of enthusiasm, "how I wish I
could make you see it, that wonderful,
immense weirdness, Africa! It is tremen
dously beautiful.' When they say to me
in Italy, 'Isn't this lovely?' I want to
say, 'But you should see -Natal!' ; The
great arid stretches of the 'cursed lands,'
the fields of arum lilies, the weird trees
like witches turned -into trees,, crouching
and looming.. The hills are of ; the
strangest, softest purple, and at every
turn you 6ee. the mirage. You know; the
Burne-Jones landscape, queer, old, half
enchanted ? 'There » was . his \ country/ I
said when I saw Africa."
"You paint," I challenged her.
"A little, only a very, very little. V
"Oh, yes; I remember! It was in "The
Dancing Girl,' a great big part and a
wonderful cact." '"Lira. Crawley roundly
says "cahst" and "dahncing." ; "It was
in London, too."
"And you have done much Shakespeare
—you will be the Viola in the 'Twelfth
Night' at Berkeley?" /
"Yes, to both questions," she answered,
"though my first three years were in lit
tle society plays. They were lovely years,
happy and; content,, but I really ought to
have been . slaving . away at- the big
things," she ?. laughed. "I • have played
Juliet and Katharine' quite frequently.
"How did you come to the' theater?"
"Mr. Tree thought I had a. face," she
quaintly put it. .
•'He saw you in private theatricals?"
"No; just saw me."
"Your first effort— you doubtless-;remem
ber?" '
it."
"Mr. Sttevens at the Tlvoll yonder would
have it that everything was taught her."
Mrs. Crawley's eyes blazed incredu
lously as she said: "That's absolutely im
possible. Why," she put it, "it would be
Mrs. Pat's natural Inclination If one said
'do this' to do the other thing. ' Genius
always 'rouses antagonism, you know.
Her wonderful ways are not their ordi
nary ways, and some people can't forgive
her her originality."
"We eeem unable to keep to Mrs. Craw
ley as a subject," I discovered. "Tell me,
you were not born to the stage?"- though
I did not need to ask.
"No; my people are all church and
army persons," Mrs. Crawley replied.
roman I ever saw who could turn white
n the stage. I don't know how she does
VAnd doubtless play?"
"Not at all."
"Then you certainly write?"
"A little, again," less diffidently. "One
can't help that, you know."
"Plays?"
"Yes, madam," humbly. "Do you?"
"Not guilty— but we'll return to Africa,"
I decided. "How did you find the peo
ple?"
"Absolutely the most Interesting I have
ever met," she . asserted unhesitatingly.
"The men from up-country, who have
lived in those strange solitudes, seem to
find thoughts there as big and huge as
their hills."
"Did you meet Rhodes?"
"No. I met Mr. Kruger."
"Interesting?"
"Not at all; too unfriendly— bews this
way to you"— executing a stiff, Boer sa
lute that would have made even Kruger
Chuckle. "But everybody goes to Africa
now, painters and all sorts of people,"
she went- on. "I should like myself to
play six months of the year in Pieter
maritzburg."
"Well, well." :. ,
"The social life"— was she going to de
molish my visions of dancing Zulus?—
'.'the social life, too, is most attractive.
You have only to say 'What a night for
a picnic,' and Immediately some one ar
ranges a picnic, and you should see the
African moons! Or one has' only to
think 'what a day for a drive,' and some
one cornea along, with, horses.. But I am
afraid - it is not only the liking for a
little cleverness that makes: people do
things for you . down > there," she laughed
with •¦ frank coquetry. /'There are " about
four hundred men to one woman."'
"Ah. I see why you like Africa!"
MRS CONSTANCE CRAWLEY, THE "EVERYMAN" OP THE MORALITY PLAY, WHOSE RARE HISTRIONIC
TALENT AND PERSONAL BEAUTY HAVE CHARMED THEATER-GOERS WHO HAVE SEEN THE PRO
DUCTION AND WHOSE RESEMBLANCE TO MRS. PATRICK CAMPBELL IS REMARKABLE.
"You think her very great?"
"The greatest actress, in England. You
know after her performances when you
go home there are the men actually fight
ing on the cars about her. They always
like or dislike her violently. There's no
neutrality— which is fame, I suppose. Oh,
ehe's tremendously clever. The only
"But this is ungrateful," I owned, "the
production is so extraordinarily Impres
sive and harmonious, so wonderfully rev
erent. It seems to me that only one
member of the cast could ever have been
within miles of a rouge pot. I uave won
dered, Mrs. Crawley, whether you felt
the strain of being on the stage so con
tinuously?"
"A little," she owned. "You see I am
there only for a few moments throughout
the whole performance. Must you go?"
this to Mr. Crawley, who had risen to his
feet.
"It will leave you freer to talk," the
actor said. }¦¦ •[;:
Mrs. Crawley looked charmingly as if
she did not want to be left any freer, and
I ventured to say: "But you also ar© in
this."
His "Really, no!" only left me more de
termined, for it is not everyday one meets
Death, and really one could hardly have
hoped to find him a person of such charm
and distinction.
He bade us good -by, however, and I
asked Mrs. Crawley what had preceded
Death in her husband's repertoire.
"Sherlock Holmes," ehe smiled.
"Sherlock himself, of course?" He looks
It.
"Sherlock himself."
"And what has Miss Constance Crawley
been doing?"
"Most lately Roma In 'The Eternal
City!' "
"You like the part?"
"Oh, yes, very wen," in her deep, full
blooded tones. "It is a baby 'La Tosca."
"Miss Viola Allen did not like the part."
"And changed it completely, I under
stand. I cannot imagine ' how it was
played."
"You like 'La Tosca," I know from
that phrase."
"That— I'm almost afraid to say It— is
my greatest ambition, to play 'La Tosca.'
I keep on hoping that Mrs. Pat won't play
it first!" Her, eye traveled to the mantel
piece, whereon I immediately discerned
Mrs. Campbell's subtle profile.
aloofness, and I think somewhat detracts
from the novelty and impresslveness of
Everyman's pilgrimage."
"I think I rather agree," Mr. Crawley
said.
A member of the "Florodora" company
tells the following funny story that hap
pened during the last season's tour? "We
were playing in Indianapolis, and the per
formance was frequently interrupted bv
Frank Daniels, who fell off his very
tame famHy horse. "Ttng-a-Llng" (so
named from previous connection with a
New York crosstown car service), the day
he signed with Charles B. Dillingham to
present a new opera, "The Jockey," and
who had to close this season prematurely
on account of the accident, is himself
again, but slightly "horse-shy," a fact
that is particularly apparent at rehearsals
now in progress in which a steed named
"Greased Lightning" figures in a scene
with Mr. Daniels "up." At first the horse
was as full of ginger as an electric Jar,
but he Is getting sadder every, day. It is
suspected that he ia being surreptitious
ly drugged by the comedian.
She has conceived a fiendish dislike to
Dick, fills his glass when he has taken
to drink and In a moment of ungovern
able rage destroys his picture. His doom
reaches him. The light fails. He Is blind.
Malsie icnows not of this. She Is living
away in her cottage at Vltry-sur-Marne
when Torpenhow takes her the news.
She returns to England, visits Dick In
his studio, is repelled by him. for He will
have no union of pity, but eventually
her tenderness and love prevail, and with
a pathetic and touching little final scene
the play comes to a triumphant 'conclu
sion.
the "specials," who hurry off to witness
the engagement. Unable to withstand the
temptation to join them, Dick tears ' off
the bandage. The curtain descends on
his dearly bought temporary power of
sight. '
The Test of the story, told In three acts
and four scenes, could be told "In half a
dozen lines. Heldar loves Maisle, but she
refuses his offer of marriage and deter
mines to win . fame as an artist on her
own account. Dick worships her. They
are driven to a sort of trial of artistic
strength. She will paint a "Melancholia."
rather than marry Dick, and he will paint
one against her.
The minor Incidents that lead to this
dual essay make much for the strength
and interest of the play. Dick succors
a poor slattern of a girl, Bessie Broko.
a cockney of an unregenerate type, dying
of starvation, and this creature becomes
his model. She is an evil little person,
yet with something of "woman" in her
nature. She cleaves to Torpenhow, and
Dick, to save him from her, dismisses her.
Mr. Aubrey Smith's Torpenhow, a
strong character sympathetically realized,
is one of the features of the prologue,
in which of course, Mr. .Robertson's fine
impersonation of Dick Heldar occupies
a prominent place, rounds of firing rouse
In the camp scene of the prologue Dick
Heldar, who has a saber cut across the
eyes, and who frets under his blinding
bandage, is the objecf of a general kindly
solicitude, his friend Torpenhow especial
ly-constituting himself his nurse. Maisle
Is spoken of, for the artists know the
lady, who is a hard working student of
their art, and tho author is informed in
a charmingly' natural way that Dick is
her suitor.
The oft-repeated prediction th*t «he> «£
of the book-play Is ended is hardly borne
out by the really . wonderful success in
London of Constance Fletcher'sdramatic
version of Rudyard Kipling's "The Light
That Failed." which Forbes Robertson
and Gertrude Elliott will present in this
country this season under the direction
of Klaw & Erlanger, openlnr to Buffalo
September 28.
Constance Fletcher, who write* unfler
tho pen name of "George Fleming." has,
in the opinion of London critics, adapted
"Tho Light That Failed" to the stage
with notable skill and dramatic power.
The prologue and the three acts are
brought together deftly, character in
each Instance is graphically portrayed
and interest in the touching story is
maintained without abatement to the
very end. . ¦ r £«¦
Without apparently striving for it there
is a delightful atmosphere of reality
about the entire piece, while the dialogue,
being in the main Rudyard Kipling's
own. is refreshingly virile. An old Royal
Academy student and a painter and ex
hibitor at the Royal Academy, Mr. Kob
ertson is just the man to sustain the pa»t
of Dick Heldar. Author and adapter were
alike fortunate in securing the alliance of
Mr. Robertson.
Plays and the Players.
"I shouldn't have thought so by 99,973
years," I laughingly appraise her. "But
may we not return to 'Everyman 1 ? It so
f urprlsed me to learn that you have only
now essayed the role, Mrs. Crawley.".
"I am only now beginning to feel its
possibilities," she returned simply.
"What do y°u think the effect on the
"Is it a family trait?" I asked.'
"Ghost eeclng? Oh no," she laughed.
"And I don't want to meet one, do you?
There are too many interesting people to" 1
meet. Still I have had rather odd ex
periences. The sense of having been be
fore In come of the Roman streets, ages
and ages ago, for example, was almost
overwhelming. I'm not a bit modern,
sometimes I feel as If I were a hundred
thousand years old!"
Mrs. Crawley unexpectedly subscribed:
"My sister is in one ot them. Three
times" — with her .voice lowered mystic
ally and a sphinx-like finger up-pointed—
"phe has seen a ghost.""
"Yes," his wife replied with sympa
thetic amusement for her husband's anx
iety. Had the prophecy concerned Mr.
Crav.ley she would evidently have been
less equable. "By the way," ehe contin
ued, "what a lot of that kind of thing
there is here, teacup people, spiritualists,
'psycho'— all sorts of things."
"We should give them ten shillings and
ccEts in England," this from Mr. Craw
ley.
"Yet," I protest, "look at your Psych
ical Research Society, with its volumes
and volumes of nightmare stories, in Lon
don itself."
"You dreadful person!" I laughed, then
said: "I don't quite get the significance of
the fur collar In your present — er — quite
sufficiently awful, Mr. Crawley—make
up."
" 'Where, moth and rust do corrupt,'
you know. It is moth-eaten," he replied
simply. "The costume is much like Hol
bein's Death, of course."
"Isn't it odd," Mrs. Crawley eald, lean-
Ing forward with her luminous smile,
"that twice the fortune-tellers told me not
to come to America, that Death would be
near me all the time. It must have been
you," and she looked over with teasing
tenderness at the enviable Mr. Crawley.
"There's nothing in It," that gentleman
exclaimed hastily. There was naive re
lief, too, in his tone a» he said: "You
cald it was a fortune-teller, not a clair
voyant?"
"Well, I wanted to draw the whole skel
eton," the mimic Death said cheerfully,
"and then wear a floating, ashen cloak
that would give shadowy glimpses of it.
It could be done quite easily," and Mr.
Crawley grimly picked out a rib or two
with a thin finger.
He was interested, keenly interested,
curiously interested. I looked at him
rather wonderfngly. then suddenly
thought: "It could not be possible that— ''
gasping aloud: "But you're not—" \
"Yei, I am," the actor smiled. It was
Death himself who had brought me to
Mrs. Crawley. ¦whose lean handsomeness
was now smiling at me. Like the other
weak-wltted females I couli not down
a little shiver at the memory of his make
up. Then he appealed gruesomely. to
Mrs. Crawley: "I couldn't use the other
make-up then?"
She nodded a thoughtful "no," and I
asked: "That is—"
"Everybody says the same thing," Mrs.
Crawley said, with a radiantly good-na
tured patience of my plagiarism, per
haps also a little enjoyment! Her re
semblance to Mrs. Campbell Is Indeed
mest marked. The chin Is IJonger— the
face has the Georges Sand, the George
Eliot length — and the eyes are rounder,
but these are as nothing compared with
the resemblance. She is somberly haired
like Mrs. Campbell, the black, nltent
waves curving from a face as warmly
white as Mrs. Pat's own. The eyes are of
the same proud brown, but without the
shadowed deeps of the Campbell orbs.
They have, too, the same wide, gracious,,
wondering gaze on occasion and the
eame trick of turning blue on the stage.
Her lips, as finely scarlet, catch the
Campbell melancholy in their delicately
drooping corners, and open — more fre
quently — on teeth as pretty.
And again there Is the characteristic
walk, the same miracle of movement
without a suggestion of its machinery.
Mrs. Crawley has, too, the Campbell
genius for lounging, and as she leaned
back among her cushions in her white,
thin, silken waist, that left the neck bare
and hung in careless clouds from the
arms, I could easily imagine Mrs. Pat be
fore me. Not for lonr, however, for
where Mrs. Campbell Is the "Weltschmerz
Incarnate Mrs. Crawley is the spirit of
optimism.
"The voice, too." I murmured, as the
actress— singularly inapt the term seems
In the connection— replied in her N warm,
woody contralto.
There was talk then, and more later of
Mrs. Campbell, and then I asked If there
had been any more fragilely minded wo
men frightened by Death at the "Every
man" performances.
"Why, have there been some women
frightened by Death?" Mr. Crawley
asked, much interested.
"Four that I know of," I replied.
/'Really." Mr. Crawley exclaimed.
My handy query, "Mr. Crawley, I be
liever* met with courteous assent and
he informed us that "Mrs. Crawley"
would b« ready to see us in a moment.
Which was not so wonderful as what
1 did not discover perdie. as Everyman
would say.
The lady, accustomed to the miracles
of lightning changes in costume, kept us
not long. She cwam In, bringing a clear,
delicate perfume of soap and water, with
which ehe had been removing the "dust
of rehearsal," as she laughingly inform
ed us, putting up her long, slender hands.
"But you are like Mrs. Pat," I stupidly
began. "They all told me so— my devoted
family who have been among your most
devout congregations. I couldn't see It.
Now I wonder how I missed the like
ness." '
IT was unpardonable, Lut for the sec
ond time I had teen "Everyman,"
and after the ix'rforrr.nnce had beg-
C-ed Ben Greet to ansr.ge an Interview
for me with the charters woman who
B&tneletsly plays the name role.
"You see we — she— really wish to pre
serve the Incognito," the manager de
murred, Elizabethan Stripe Society eti
quette informing every shade of his ges
ture, tone and expression.
"But I don't care about the name," I
shamelessly argued.
A pause then.
Further pause.
Then, after another spasm of artistic
and Elizabethan unwillingness, the man
ager turned to a reighboring satellite and
asked:
"Where do the Crawleys etay?"
"Aha!" I laughed. "I know now. Where
do the CRAWLEYS stay, Mr. Greet T
He looked amusingly reproachful for
a moment, then handsomely furnished me
with the Crawleys' address and the
promise of an appointment.
I had the grace not to ask who "they"
were. It waa, however, a man, a quietly
courteous person, who met me at tha
hotel office the succeeding day.
Rose Coghlan will play the role of
Penelope in "Ulysses," when Stephen
Phillip's greatest work is represented at
tha Garden Theater.
Mrs. Fiske, who is rehearsing at th»
Manhattan Theater every day, ha3 seen
••The Earl of Pawtucket" four times
since she returned to New York. She
says that the clean, delicate humor of
the comedy appeals to her and declared
a day or two ago that she would enjoy
playing Harriet Fordyce, If she were not
so engaced with her own work.
"The Bonnie BrleT Bush" goes out this
season with the same company that has
been presenting this charming Idyl for
several seasons. There are one or two
minor changes, but they are so unimport
ant that the cast may be virtually con
sidered the same. Of course, J. H. Stod
dart continues as Lachlan Campbell. Ha
has made that character a classic.
Miss Jean Lane Brooks, the young
American dramatic soprano, arrived from
abroad last week on the Kaiser Wllhelm
der Grosse. Miss Brooks, who returns
to this country to Join Henry W. Sav
age's English Grand Opera Company, is
a daughter of the late General Edward
J. Brooks of the United States army. Miss
Brook3 received her musical education
under Julian! In Paris. She will maka
her debut with Henry W. Savage's Eng
lish Grand Opera Company in Brooklyn
late in September.
A concert In which fiddlers will be In
terested Is that of little Katherine Par
low, who is little no longer, by the way.
but tops her mother by at least an Inch
of that Beethoven brow of hers. M!3S
Kathleen gives a recital on Thursday
evening next and will doubtless have
something good to show for the honest
and earnest work she has lately been do
ing with Mr. Holmes at her elbow. This
young: girt Is perhaps the most promising
violin student of her age among the local
budding Nerudaa, -and the proceeds of th»
recitals are to help to send her to Europe.
Those who are familiar with Kathleen's
work through the Holmes chamber music
concerts will doubtless welcome this Dp
portunity to aid youthful genius.
Perhaps the greatest modern sym
phonlst, in Johannes Brahms, will be rep
resented on next Tuesday's symphony
programme. Since Mr. Scheel went to
Philadelphia it Is- said that that city has
become a Brahms stronghold. The con
ductor acknowledges to having done his
best that way, and the critics have said
that the works were interpreted in most
loving and luminous fashion. But Mr.
Scheel's Brahms is not new here, but
more eminently welcome to-day than
when he last played it for us. The sym
phony is the second, with its lovely inter
mezzo, richly fashioned adagio and a
finale as fine as any movement in modern
orchestral literature. Some "Parsifal"
excerpts are also programmed, and
the Mendelssohn "Midsummer x Night's
Dream" is another number.
the crying of a child In the gallery. It
finally became quite annoying and our
comedian stepped to the footlights and
exclaimed in tragic tones: 'Ladies and
gentlemen, unless the play is stopped tha
"child cannot possibly go on.' This mada
one of the hits of the evening and even
the child seemed to take Its cue and
stopped crying instantly."
Miss Dcglow, a pupil of Mr. Stelndorff'8,
has made a pleasing debut this season.
She has a fine mezzo-contralto poise and
a pleasant personality. I hear very nice
things of »her Marta that at writing I
have not heard. Other "Faust" echoes
are that Dado this year excels himself a3
Mephlsto, that Agostlni does Faust ad
mirably and De Spada's sure vocalism 13
welcome in the Marguerite role.
"La Sonnambula" and "II Trovatore"
are this week's bills.
THE week's opera has brought
us a new Rlgoletto and a new
Gllda, In the persons of Signer
Gregoretti and Signorina Trrm
ben. Further hearing of Greg
oretti only justifies one's first
pleasure in his work, In the fine, sympa
thetic voice, its artistic us© and la his
conspicuously intelligent acting. Ha mr>st
gratefully refrains from the bellowed hlsh
note, which is among the radical vices of
the Latin singers. Altogether his work is
notably free from exaggeration and never
monotonous. One needs no "opera book;'
—as the Tlvoli's small boys have it— to
understand Gregoretti. Ills acting leaves
the words only lightly necessary, and hit
vocal sympathy gives yet another key to
the story. The RIgoletto of Scottl was
no better. Nor as sympathetic Next
week, as the Count dl Luna in "II Trova
tore," Signor Gregoretti will have oppor
tunity to exhibit more largely his remark
able flexibility of voice. I don't remember
a good Count di Luna at the Tlvoll, not
even Salassa, who sang it sulkily because
he didn't like it. \
The little Tromben is a frail and fiery
little person whose vocal volume hardly
clothes her strong dramatic impulses.
The voice is fascinating,' pure as a fluta
in its best notes, going up aloft with ut
most ease and fluent in execution. But
her fortes frequently degenerate into a
mere scream, and the "Venetian nightin
gale" must be more tender of her delicate
throat or she will not be long able to
sing at all. Like most of this year's sing
era, she impresses one as being very com
fortably sure of her parts.
The "boy wonder," Alfredo Tedeschl— a
and married, De Spada whispered me— is
an attractive singer. His voice Is a true
tenor, quite light, but used with grateful
ease and modesty. Like Gregoretti, he es
chews the rubber high note, and if ho
keeps to his present policy of quiet artis
try Master Tedeschl may some day sinff
very well indeed. He has a nice littld act
ing instinct.
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
"In the Santa Clara passion play they
represent the Christ very effectively by
a light," I recalled.
"Apropos, I wonder why we have Botti
celli angels in 'Everyman' with the rest
of the costumes Dutch?" Mrs. Crawley
conjectured.
"I don't mind the anachronism in cos
tume, but their wigs distress me," I tes
tified, "though, you know, the occasional
crudity, awkwardness, seems only to add
to the archaic quality of the thing and
with Mr. Greet's kind of manager is. un
doubtedly intentional."
"Of that I am sure," Mrs. Crawley said;
"he is the most wonderful person, you
know."
"Still, there were features of the Berke
ley performance I liked better than the
local one, the players making their exits
at the front of the hall instead of through
the audience for example. But one must
own it is managed with notable dignity.
Yet It brushed off some of the necessary
"Doesn't eound come from where you
Imagine it?" Mrs. Crawley queried. "But
we should have to use a little balloon to
get it above and In the center at Lyric
Hall."
"And," Mr. Crawley thoughtfully inter
rupted, "one hardly wants Everyman to
look attractive there. To me the figure
is artistic in its pathetic ugliness, all
worldly beauty forgotten, you know.
Then how does the introduction of the
Diety strike you?"
"As no more Irreverent than- a stained
glass window," I t'-stifled. "He was too
much like Wotan, however. I think you
were wise, to omit the personification,
though. It is better simply for the voice
to be heard, as you now have It. I feel
it should come from above, in the center,
and not from the side."
"Ah, we've tried to obviate that in sev
eral ways," the Everyman replied. "But
there is even now a little shiver— don't
you feel it?— when the coat of worldliness
slips to the waist. I couldn't take it off
completely." •
"Certainly." <
"It seems to me inartistic— from the
objective side— when in putting on the
ccat of penance you leave on the other
coat, beneajh. The lines trouble one."
actress of much playing of such a part
would be?"
"I am much interested to know. 1
should think," thoughtfully, "that on'e
saying those tremendous prayers every
night could not be very wicked.' But" —
her face lighted drolly— "Mrs. Beerbohm
Tree has often told me that when Mr.
Tree was playing saintly roles his tem
per was appalling off the stage! Also
that he was perfectly charming in every
day life when he played the villains!"
"May I suggest something?" .
"No," she tossed her head gracefully.
"I find women much more interesting—
In masses— than men."
-••How are the Africans as audlences7
"Most friendly. By, the way. how won
derfully quiet the African audiences are
Not even a British audience keeps quite
80 still. You give us not even one tiny
hand," and our Everyman looked a shade
Pl »£htt I- Mr. Great's, fault he barred
applause." I said. "And I like it that
way don't you?" ,
She owned she did In the case of
-Everyman." then said how uncomfort
ably sensitive she was to her audiences
••If there is a corner of the- room that
is irresponsive I feel it all over. I re
member a man who sat In front at one
of our. productions. That man
me' I told my husband. He laughed of
course. But I found afterward that the
man actually did dislike me .He doesn t
now" and Mrs. Crawley smiled "^"i
°l' suppose I must let you go now, I
said, unwillingly. Africa again.
"Well, come and tallc Arnca »5*i".
won't your' she smiled.
THIS SAK -IfKASrCISCb CAtli, SUNDAY, SEFTEMJ5EK 13. 1903.
50Mt. Hamilton Lodge celebrated its sil
ver, anniversary In Odd Fellows' Hall,
San Jose, last week. Past Grand Master
WUJIam Vlnter cave a history of, the
lodge. Past Grand Master -Workman W.
H. Barnes delivered the address of the
evening. This was followed by a banquet
Ancient Order Workmen.
THE thirty-fifth anniversary of the
founding of the Ancient Order of
United Workmen ¦ will be cele
brated by an entertainment, and dance
under the auspices of the San Francisco
Extension Committee in Native Sons'
Halb October, 26.
OFFICERS OF LADIES* AUX
ILIARY OF CALIFORNIA
COMMANDERT, K. T.
IN the discharge of a duty entrusted
* to him, John S. Heed, * one of the
oldest members of Yerba Buena
Lodge No. 15, I. 0. 0. F., on the
first Thursday in August presented to the
lodge the photographs of the committee
that recently had charge of the celebra
tion of the fiftieth anniversary of the in
stitution of the lodge. Frank . Krull re-;
aponded for the lodge, and hereafter the
framed pictures will adorn one of the
walls of the lodge room. The noble
grand,, on behalf of the celebration com
mittee, presented to Reuben ;H. Lloyd, a
beautifully engrossed letter in a morocco
cover, expressive of appreciation of the
valuable assistance he rendered the com
mittee. The recipient made a very pleas-;
ant response, after, which there was a
programme of music and song, and all en-
Joyed a pleasant evening.
On the evening of September 11 Henry
Payot appeared before the Past Grands'
Association in the Memorial hall of tho
I. O. O. F. building and delivered his_very
Interesting lecture on the "Land of the
Rising Suo;" In addition to the member
ship of the association, there was a large
number of ladies and gentlemen , present
•who had been invited to listen to the de
scriptive talk of Mr. Payot and see the
illustrations of the places described. ,
, The anniversary, celebration ! of Fidelity
Lodge, on Septernber 7. on which date it
attained its thirtieth year, of existence,
was attended by as many people "as could
enter the Memorial HalL of the Odd Fel
lows',, building:. . Under the direction of
Messrs. t 'Macphee, 'Christens and . Raynev,
the following was ; offered , as the pr3-
Improved Order Red Men
THE consolidation of Blazing Ar
row Tribe with : Altahmoa Tribe in
the long house of the order on the
evening of August 28 was witnessed by
The Odd Fellows.
This tent has set aside the third Friday
of each month as a social night and it
will give a first-class programme of en
tertainment. A feature of the programme
will be the mandolin club, composed of
members of the tent, which will give se
lections under the direction of Professor
Heldon.
At a recent meeting of San Francisco
Hive of the Ladies of the Maccabees,
Captain Kate Hare, commanding the
drill team of the hive. wa3 presented with
a beautiful gold medal, suitably in
scribed, as a token of the Hive's appre
ciation of her efforts in bringing the team
to tbe degree of perfection she has.
, By a unanimous vote the division of the
uniform rank, the drum and fife corp of
San Francisco Tent has decided to accept
the invitation to attend the Maccabee en
campment at the St. Louis Exposition la
August. 1GC1. BBS
SAN FRANCISCO Tent of the
Knights of the Maccabees has
formed into two divisions In a com
petition for membership. One faction
composed of all the members' of the uni
form rank of the tent and known as the
Red team, under the captaincy of Cap
tain Seeley. has challenged the balance of
the tent, some 400 members and known as
the White team, captained by Sir Knight
Greenberg, to make a better showing in
new membership than It can in the next
four months. Captain Greenberg thinks
he has "a pudding."
The Maccabees.
Vrs. Radky. At ihe close of the business
meeting, Mrs. H. Damkroger acted as
hostess for the remainder, of. the after
noon. The ladles were entertained with
several piano selections by Mis3 Cecil
Cowels, and Mrs. E. Heald recited a
love story in a charming manner. Then
followed the opening of a grab-bag, each
lady receiving something pretty, the
handiwork of the members. After this
there was served a dainty luncheon.
Among the strangers present was Mrs.
Jones of Fresno, who was so delighted
with the manner in which the auxiliary
conducts its business meeth-gs and ar
ranges its social functions for members
that she declared that upon her return
to her home she will set about to organ
ize an euxilinry to the Fpcsno Command
ery. This auxiliary, under the active su
perintendence of President Mrs. Jones,
has led a remarkable career of prosperity,
the membership during that time having
doubled. Miss Mary J. Bragg, the sec
retary, is expected home during the first
week in September, she having been ab
eent on a visit East for several months.
The ladies of the auxiliary will tender
her a. welcome breakfast at one of the
first-clas3 rotieseries. Those who were
present at the A*ugust meeting' were:
Mrs. William Roderick Jones, president;
Mrs. S. A. McDonnell, first vice-president;
Mrs. Val Schmidt, second vice-president;
Mrs. W. Martensteln, secretary; Mrs. J.
F. Logan, treasurer; Mrs. C. E. Dorn,
Mrs. Timothy J. Crowley, Mrs. T. Byron
de Witt, Mrs. George Haas, Mrs. James
Young. Mrs. Charles Humphrey,* Mra, E.
Heald. Mrs. .Nichols, Mrs. R_dke, Mrs. A.
B. Holmes, Mrs. George Wittman, Mrs. P.
gramme of entertainment: Vocal solo,
Martha Davis; violin selections, \ Pro
fessor O. F. Warbs; vocal solo, Corlnne
Christens; vocal duet, "The Johnson
Twins"; recitations, N. F. Macphee, and
baritone solo, Carl ton Lane. "Noble Grand
Caesldy was the master of ceremonies for
the evening. After the programme there
was the Berving of ice cream and cakes,
and then dancing for an hour.
Templar Rebekah Lodge No. 19 will give
an entertainment on the evening of Sep
tember 26 in its hall for the benefit of
the Orphans' . Home. The feature of the
evening will be the presentation of a farce
by members of the lodge. It is entitled
"Beautiful Forever." . There will also be
several Interesting vaudeville numbers.
3 Grand Master Baker will pay an official
visit September 21 to Encinal Lodge in
Alamedajon the 23d he will visit Porter
Lodge, Oakland, and on the 24th Franco-
Americaine Lodjre, In this city. .
| Mission Rebekah Lodge Is arranging for
a grand fair In the Mission district In
the first week in December.
At the meeting of the San Francisco
Relief Committee, September 13. arrange
ments will be made for visitations to the
various lodges of the city by tho commit
tee," which Is to be accompanied by talent,
which will after the flDeechmaklns: .en
tertain the members of the lodges visited.
given It an enviable reputation In the res
ervation of California. Expression of fe
licity and good fellowship for the guest
of the evening Were uttered by J. B.
GrlfBth, who presided over the festivi
ties: Sachem Adam Smith, Senior Saga
more J." J. Byron, Junior Sagamore F.
M. Bertwell, Prophet David Marr. Chief
of Records J. L. Griffith, Keeper of Wam
pum Samuel F. Graham, Physician Na
than Rogers. Henry Leason. H. R. Win
ter. C. J. Tucker, J. T. Welch, W. Y.
Neisch and J. J. Kennedy. A new team
is being organized for the tribe by Wil
liam R. Twamley, who proposes to in
struct the members in the new ritual.
Sachem Smith of Manzanita Tribe is
taking an active Interest In the progress
of the new council of the Degree of Po
eahontas, which has taken the name of
the pioneer tribe- of the order in this
city and will endeavor to advance it to
the very front rank of the degree.
F. Ferguson, Mrs. George Bennett, Mrs.
Duncan, Mrs. Marsh, Mrs. A. A. Badkln,
Mrs. Cox, Mrs. Charles Taber, Mrs. J. F.
Prior, Mrs. Wheaton, Mrs. M. J; Johnson,
Mrs. J. P. FraBer, Miss Eva Powell, Mrs.
Lowe of Redwood City, Mlsa Murray,
Mrs. George Slebe, Mrs. H. Graves, Miss
McJunkln, Mrs, Isaac Grant, Mrs. George
Brown, Mrs. John Fraser Mclntosh, Mrs.
Humphrey, Mrs. Jones of Fresno, Miss
Lottie Petrie of Sacramento and Mrs.
Brlnck of Winters.
The entertainment given In Native Sens'
Hell on the evening of the first Wednes
day in September by Calaveras Parlor,
the beauty parlor of the N. D. G. W. of
tins c:t v. was a greater success than eves
A correspondent asks: "Why is it that
the fraternal department of The Call does
rot publish any account of the official
visits « of ' Grand President Miss Stella
FinkUdey to the parlors In the Interior?"
The reason It does not is that no one in
terested in the official • visits of Grand
President Mise Stella Finkeldey sends the
fraternal department of The Call any
notes of her visits to .the parlor* In the
interior.
Grand Secretary Laura J. Frakes. hav
ing been granted by the Grand Parlor a
month's vacation, left last Monday for
her parents' home in Sutter Creek, Ama
<lor County. All communications cent to
her home during her vacation will receive
attention.
A report from Murphys, situated near
the entrance to the Calaveras Big Tree
Grove, is to the effect that the member3
of Ruby Parlor, Native Daughters of the
Golden West, have done much to Improve
that place. The parlor was the first to
induce the authorities to oil the etreets
cf the. town to keep down the dust and
improve the condition of tbe thorough
fares, and it is reported that everybody
Is pleased that the suggestion was
adopted. 'One of the most active members
of the parlor along the line 'of improv
ing and beautifying the town is Mrs. Ella
Dunbar, its recording secretary, yet while
she Is interesting tbe membership along
that line she does not neglect the fra
tornal features of the parlor and order.
Winona. Parlor of Arcata, with other
parlors of the Native Daughters and
of Native Sons, were the guests on
Admission day of Oneon>ta Parlor at
FcrndaJ-s. It was fair week and # the Na
tives were admitted free to the grounds.
In the evening- there was a grand ball.
The Native Sons of Weavervllle and the
members of Eltapome Parlor of the Na
tive Daughters of the Golden West joined
In the celebration of Admission day.
Kach organization had a float In line.
The old eettlers of Trinity County took
part with the Natives In the celebration.
The Initial at home given by Gabrielle
Parlor In Eagles' Hall was a great suc
cess. There was an excellent literary
programme, after which sherbert and
lemonade were served. There was during
the evening a guessing contest, each one
present guessing "how many peanuts there
were in a bag. Miss Blanche Kerfoot of
Sutter Creek guessed 413 and a count
showed 412 In the bag. She was awarded
a fine cut glass chrysanthemum vase.
QUITE a delegation of the mem
bers of Callfla Parlor of Sacra
mento spent Admission day in
Chico.'
Native Daughters.
San Francisco Degree Team NoJ 437,
First Regiment, Ninth District of the
Uniform Rank, W. O. W.. gave its third
exhibition drill and ball in Harmony Hail
on Mission street .September 11. The
drill was perfect and the programme of
dancing was enjoyed by the many who
were in attendance.
The report of the auditing commutes
of Redwood Circle of the Women of
Woodcraft presented at the last held
meeting of the circle shows that it Is
In a better financial condition than It has
been for the last three years. At that
meeting it appeared that the circle had
more than $300 In Its treasury.
Woodcraft.
"1W T" ORTH END CAMP of the Wood
iVI ' men of the World during the
X latter part of August had a
Woodmen's night in the Broadway Thea
ter, where there was a programme by
the vaudeville company to which several
Woodmen contributed specialties. Among
these were W. W. Brackett and L. A.
Ray. „ They proved the taking card. Dur
ing the evening Merton C. Allen of Gold
en Gate Camp addressed the audience.
During one of the closing days of Au
gust Richmond Camp gave a smoker in
its hall in the Richmond district at which
there were present at least 130 strangers.
A high class progremme of entertainment
was furnished In addition to cigars and
pipes and a result of the meeting was the
presentation of ten applications.
The ladles' night given by Golden West
Camp in Its hall on Mission street in" the
latter part of August was one of the
most pleasant functions ever given under
the auspices of this camp. There was
a pleasing programme of music, songs
and specialties, after which there was
dancing and the serving of a collation.
A prize offered to the lady who should
bring the best cake was awarded to Mrs.
M. Crooks.
Supreme Regent Robinson reports that
the order is rapidly reaching the 300,000
mark and that "up to date, 1903 is a rec
ord breaker."
G. L. Davidson. D. O. R.. of Los An
geles, Is in this city working for San
Francisco Council and reports good re
sults on behalf of the "baby" council.
The new council being organized by Past
Regent Howell will have on Its roll of
membership the names of a number of
prominent business men. The council
will be instituted during the current
month.
ARGONAUT Council of the Royal
Arcanum at Its meeting Septem
ber 14 will welcome Grand Regent
Gus Gunzendorfer, also Grand Secretary
D. W. Maloon, a resident of L03 Angeles.
who on that occasion will pay his first
visit to the council. Special efforts are
being made to give the visitor a first
class fraternal welcome. The grand re
gent will be accompanied by his staff of
deputies and several of the grand of
ficers. A. F. Howell, P. R., will U>e in at
tendance and after the meeting will en
tertain with specialties.
Golden West Council at Us last held
meeting initiated three strangers and re
ceived two applications. H. G. W. Din
kelspeil, P. ' R., who recently returned
from a visit to the East, gave an Interest-
Ing account of the several cities he vis
ited.
Buena Vista Council elected two candi
dates for membership and received one
application. The candidates vrvl be Ini
tiated on September 17. During Iho even-
Ing Grand Regent Gunzendorf < r. In an
eloquent speech, presented W. N. V^Bay,
P. R, a past regent's solid gold pin from
the Grand Council In recognition of his
activity In having secured the greatest
number of members during a stated pe
riod and of having otherwise assisted In
building up the order. After business
hours there was progressive whist and a
collation.
Royal Arcanum.
AT the last held meeting of the La
dies' Auxiliary to California Com
mandery No. L Knights* Templar,
held In Eutopia Hall. Elks' building, Pres
ident W. R. Jones presiding, there was the
Initiation of one applicant for membership,
Ladies' Auxiliary.
The members of the degree team, of
Manzanita Tribe, Improved Order of Red
Men, after conferring the adoption degree
upon a paleface found astray in the for
est, quenched the council fire and
marched to a rotlsserle. where there -was
a feast of corn and venison in honor of
the anniversary oi the birth of J. J. Bry
an, the captain of the team, and in appre
ciation of his attention in bringing tho
team to a degree oi proficiency that has
The following named were the merger
committee: Gus Wessllng, G. W. Baltic,
William J. Blalsdell, Carl Jacobeon.
Frank Hardy, Dr. S. R. Zacheriah, J. H.
McMahon, Jg«eph G. O'Connor, N. 12
Choynskl, Gus Pohlman, Dr. I* W.
Spriggs, H. M. Teague, Fred Albrecht and
David Becker.
about two hundred 'warriors and braves
and a number of great and past chiefs
and sachems. The reading of the dispen
sation for consolidation, signed by Great
Sachem J. Samuels, was read by Great
Keeper of Records Bliss, after which the
amalgamation of the tribes was perfect
ed according to the customs of the or
ganization. This was followed by long
and short talks by J. Harry Hutaff. rep
resentative of the Great Council of the
United States, also a past sachem of Al
tahxnos. and Past Sachems Gus Wessllng
and W. J. Blalsdell. who welcomed the
adopted brothers, and when responses
were in order these were by Past
Sachems J. II. McMahon and Joseph G.
O'Connor of the adopted tribe. Then
there was a banquet "¦ and a good time
generally. After the smoking of the pipe
of peace G. Wessllng, chairman of the
merger committee. Introduced Dr. A. C.
Nathan, the medicine man, as toastmas
ter. The following was the programme
that followed the feast: -
"Our Tribe," responded to by N. M. Blanken.
•teln, the sachem; tenor solo, J. Harris: "A
Few Remarks for the Occasion." David Becker;
"HUtory of Aluhmos Tribe." J. Harry Hut
alt; comic songs, J. Franklin; "Duties of the
District Deputy." G. IXutague; "A Few Fun
ny Sayings." G. Wessling; ¦ remarks. John S.
Patterson; "Altabmos and Its Seven Hundred
Members." IL F. Ogrdenkamp. and "Au Re
volr," "Prince" Laurence Vincent, j
During the last week Grand Recorder
Spencer received a check for $30,000 from
the supreme relief committee, which, to
gether with $50,000 received from the Cal
ifornia jurisdiction, was applied to the
liquidation of claims against the bene
ficiary fund, amounting to $80,000.
Grand Master Browning- visited the Val
lejo lodge September 2, and now Is visit
ing the lodges from Santa Barbara to San
Diego.
Grand Organizer Freeman Is visiting the
lodges in the San Joaquln Valley.
Grand Recorder Spencer and Deputy
Grand Master Hlrshberg during the early
part of September visited the lodses in
Ventura, Hueneme and Santa Paula, for
the purpose of explaining the new plans
of the order. During .the last week thu
Grand Recorder visited Keystone and
Pacific lodges In 'Oakland for the same
purpose.
at which the Mayor of San Jose and Mrs.
Bacon, grand chief of honor of the De
gree of Honor, were the principal speak
ers.
Carnation Lodge on the last Friday In
August had a very pleasant dancing pax-
In Its lodge room In Shiels building.
There was a good attendance and dancing
was kept up until midnight.
Excelsior Lodge No. 126 of the Ancient
Order of United Workmen will celebrate
the twenty-fourth anniversary of Its in
stitution In Excelsior Hall September 23.
All delegates to the Grand Lodge of the
order, which Is to meet on the following
day In special session, will be Invited to
attend the celebration. It Is expected
that W. Warne Wilson, past supreme
master workman and at present chairman
of the finance committee; Grand Master
Workman F. W. Browning and other of
ficers of the Grand Lodge will be present.
It is anticipated In view of the legisla
tion that will come up In the Grand
Lodge on the following day that tho
meeting will be an Interesting and profit
able one.
ing was an instructive as well as Inter
esting one, and efter the close of the
;jrove there was a banquet for the mem
bers and the visitors. Justice was done
to the excellent cupper and the oratory
that followed the black coffee was as
tounding.
A new grove, to be known as No. l£0,
will soon be instituted in Oakland with a
pood charter list.
On September 7 the noble grand arch,
grand secretary. C. F. Wedemeyer, grand
trustee, and Past Arches G. B. Harmon
and F. Diavolo paid an official visit to
Pleasanton Grove. The membership of
Livennore Grove, of which the nobl*
grand arch is a member, came over in
three carryalls and assisted in making
the evening a pleasant one. The meet-
tir.oni, in company of C. Sericano, visited
Firebaugh, Fresno County, and organized
Firebaugh Grove No. 123, with fifty-two
charter members. The Institution was
followed by a fine banquet.
At a meeting of the Past Arch Associa
tion on the last Sunday In August the fol
lowing-named were elected officers for the
current term: L. M. Fabry, president;
C. F. Wedemeyer, vice president; E. Ma-
Finnifs, treasurer; J. M. Wolff, secretary,
vice James M. MartinonL who declined a
lenominatlon; Neil Johnson, messenger;
M. Summerfield. guard. After the su
preme representatives from this State
had exemplified the work in the three de
press L. M. Fabry, C. F. Wedemeyer
and D. Bamman were appointed a com
mittee on entertainment for the anniver
eary celebration of the association.
On the official visit to the court In Hay
wards Noble Grand Arch Beck was ac
companied by Grand Secretary Martinonl,
Grand Marshal Antonovich and L. A.
Wolff of the Druids' Magazine. The
grove from Centervllle, headed by M. C.
Ef tteneourt. and the one from Elmhurst.j
under the leadership of B. Mang-elson,
visited the sitting court. The secret work
in the three degrees was exemplified by
the grand officers and after the routine of
business was over there was an excellent
banquet and instructive adresses were de
livered by the visiting officials.
On September 5 Grand Secretary Mar-
On the first Saturday evening In Sep
tember the ladles cf Beadlcea Circle,
after the routine business, rprang a sur
prise on the male members of the organi
zation. They inaugurated a needle-thread
ing contest for the men, and the one who
threaded the greatest number In a given
time was awarded a prize. This wu fol
lowed by blind-folded drawing of a pig,
also for prizes. After the award of the
prizes the ladles served a collation and
hot coffee and then there was dancing for
en hour. ± There were many there and all
had an enjoyable time. The affair was
admirably conducted by the committee
consisting cf Mrs. Jennie S. Clark, Mrs.
E. R. Samuels. Mr«. Lena Sonnemann and
Mrs. M. Tapkan. The men of tho circle
rxpect to return the compliment some
time.
Cypress Circle of the Druidesses gave
a ball et Colrsa September 6. It was at
tended by many of the residents of that
place and vicinity.
During the latter part of August Grand
Arch Druidess Mrs. Louise Zazzl. assist
ed by Grar.d Secretary Mrs. A. Thorn
hill and First Grand Bard Mrs. Henry
Lange cf St. Helena, Instituted Justice
Circle at Napa with thirty-five charter
members. This new subordinate was or
ganized by Mrs. Frances Arnltz. and the
prospects are that It will become one of
the most active in the Jurisdiction. After
the ceremony of Institution there was a
darce, followed by & banquet, at which
t he grand officers delivered very interest
ing and encouraging addresses.
DURING the past week Nobl©
Grand Arch Beck paid an offi
cial visit to Haywards Grove
In Haywards. to Monteverde
Grove la this^ city, Volta
Grove, also la this city, and
Roma Grove In Oafc'.and. This offi
cer announces the following official
visits to be made during the current
month: September IS to Sonoma Grove,
Sonoma; 15th. to William Tell and Fra
ternity Groves In joint session. Napa;
20th, St. Helena Grove e.t St. Helena; 22d.
Galileo Grove, Ssn Francisco; 24th. Man
zanita Grove, San Francisco; 27th. Sera
Pinta Grove. Oakland, and 29th, Hespe
rian Grove. San Francisco.
The financial secretary of North End
Grove having resigned his offlce, W. Gus
apari was elected to fill tho vacancy.
Past Noble Grand Arch Joseph Leicht
of the jurisdiction of Missouri was In this
city recently and paid a visit to the office
of Grand Secretary MartinonL He spoke
encouragingly of the proepects for the or
der in the Missouri jurisdiction and rtated
that a number of the German-speaking
groves are adopting the English rltuaL
Oro Fino Parlor celebrated Pioneer day
on September 5 with an interesting liter
ary and musical programme, under the di
rection of a very efficient committee.
There was an opening address by Presi
dent Brown of the parlor; "Pioneer Days
in California," Mrs. Winner; vocal solo,
Mrs. M. Kalloch; "History of California's
Seal." Miss Nellie Mulcay; instrumental
solo. P. Wirtner; address on the day by
Frances M. Edwards, and closing chorus,
"My Native Land," members of Oro Flno.
This parlor will be officially visited by
the grand president on October 24.
Darlna Parlor Is making -arrangements
for a reunion, September 18. for the pur,
pose of celebrating the fourth anniver
sary of Its institution. There is to be a
banquet This parlor, ¦which Is growing,
is now classed as the third largest In the
city. At a recent meeting Rosa Mc-
Gough, sister of the grand trustee of that
name, was initiated as a member.
the members of the parlor anticipated.
The programme that was presented for
the pleasure of the audience that crowd
ed the hall included the following num
bers: Song and dance by Little Victor;
eoprano solo, Hiss Budde; cello solo. Pro
fessor Widder; "An Amusing Quarter of
an Hour." Billy Hynes;" Indian club
swinging. Professor Hlnz of the Olym
pic Club, and banjo trio. Messrs. Reggo.
Driscoll and Ekelton. After that there
was a ball, under the direction of the
following named: Floor manager, Lena
C. Moore; committee of arrangemente,
Sophie C. Struss (chairman). Lena C.
Moore, Alicia A. Nunan, Agnes McVerry,
Martie McFarland. Tillle Bchlmpf, Jennie
A. Ohlerich. Josephine C. Budde. Eleanor
W. Garros. Alice A'. Vice and Leah T.
Wrede.
ECHOES FORM THE LODGE ROOM
THE SAS FBAKCISCO XALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 33. 1903.
51Eastern Star.
GRAND PATROX I*, a BTCB. a*.
¦lsted by Grand 8»cr9tary airs.
Kate J. Wlllats and Mrs. L> c.
Byce, worthy matron of the chap
ter, In Petaluma on the evening of Sep
tember 5. Instituted Almona Chapter at
Walnut Creek, Contra Coeta Connty. with
a good charter list. After tha work of
The Puritans.
THE midsummer social and hoo
that was given In hall 2 of the
building of the Ancient Order of
Foresters on the last Friday in August
was a most delightful affair. The attend
ance, which was sufficient to fill th& hall
was limited to such as were Invited by
the committee of arrangements, and tha
result was that the assemblage was most
congenial. The hall hart been tastefully
decorated by E. M. Elsf*4der. one of the
members of tha society, and, la addi-ioi
to b«ln* the decorator, he was tho floor
manager. The manner in which he dis
charged the duties of hia offlco for that
evening showed that he la aa adeut in
that line.
was concluded August 20 in the hall of
the last named court. Tha tourney was
won by Court Lincoln by a very narrow
margin and It was awarded the mag
nificent cup donated by James H Dun
can. The presentation of the cup'to tfia
winners was followed by a collation
served to the losing by the winning court.
There was a good attendance of the mem
bership of each organization and an en
joyable evening was epent. The members
of the two courts are arranging for a
moonlight walk to the top of Mount Tam
alpais during the current month,
Court Diana at Its last held meeting
elected six strangers to become members
and received two new applications.
Court Seal Rock at its meeting Septem
ber 7, received six applications.
Court Golden Gate gave a snowball par
ty In Its lodge room August 10, being as
sisted in that function by the ladies of
Golden Gate Circle. .There was a good
attendance and the affair was a decided
ly enjoyable one. This court, at its last
held meeting, obligated three strangers
and received seven applications.
Companion Court Yerba Buena at Its
last held meeting initiated one stranger
and at the next win have six more to ini
tiate.
Court Southern Heights at its last held
session received fourteen applications for
membership.
Independent Foresters.
AT a special meeting of Court Pre
cita of the Independent Order of
Foresters held September 5, sev
en strangers were obligated and seven
new applications were presented.
0 !^" 313 ANG *=LES WHO HAS BEEN a'cUEST^SAI^
' «oA^S^°tW ; BRIDE - T O-BE, AND A POPULAR SAN FRANCISCO
BUUltil (jlRL. • ¦ • « ¦•:..¦;-¦¦« ¦ ! ...
spending the- summer with 'her mother,
Mrs. W. J. Landers, at their ¦ country
,place, in San Leandro. Mrs.. Johnston is
-^looking extremely" well and Is „ evexTmore
charming than ..when,' as Bernlce ' Lan
ders, she became'*a September bride last
year.
Miss Elsa 'Cook has returned to her
home in town after spending'the summer
at Santa Barbara and Berkeley.
' The wedding of Miss Cook and "Teddy"
Greenfield will be one of . the charming
affairs of early spring, although the exact
date has^ not been decided upon. The
marriage of .this popular couple will be
the outcome of a pretty romance which
has been an open secret since both ap- .
peared in the Florodora society sextet at
' the doll show ' for charity. *
I- * • •. v
Lieutenant and Mrs. G. W. .Winterburn
of ,the Ninth Cavalry, Monterey, have
gone to Fort Leavenworth, Kana. Lieu
tenant Winterburn has been ordered to
attend the eeneral service and staff col-
Former Supreme Secretary Duden will
soon work for the order as an organizer.
Volunteer Council has appointed a com
mittee to prepare a programme of enter
tainment for its members and friends in
the near future.
The last held meeting of Golden State
Council of Oakland was well attended
and a number of applications were re
ceived.
All of the local councils report initia
tions at almost every meeting and at no
time In the history of the order in this
city has the order been so active as it has
been during the past six weeks.
GOLDEN Gate Council of the Or
der of Pendo will have a number
of candidates to initiate. This
council Is arranging for an open meeting
and entertainment in the near future for
its friends and acquaintances.
Order of Pendo.
Daughters of St. George.
THERE was a , great gathering of
people In Pythian Hall on the last
Wednesday. In August to attend
the Dolly - Varden . party given by
Britannia Lodge No. 7 of the Daughters
of St. George. Under the supervision of
the general committee, composed of Mrs.
Staples, Florence Beauford and Dolly
Day, there was offered for, the entertain
ment of the many who attended a varied
and interesting programme, made up of
the following numbers: Instrumental
overture, M. D. Paulson; vocal solo, Al
Bentley; ballads. Miss Moore; fancy danc
ing. Miss Williams; recitation, Clara
Cook; and there were other numbers out
side of the regular programme. The fea
ture of the evening's entertainment was
the dancing of the Dolly Varden minuet
by Florence Beauford, Anna Merrill, Tina
Foster, ; Martha Shaylor. Fannie Parker
and Mary Mosley, all attired in old-time
Dolly Varden dresses. They • made up a
pretty picture of the olden time and pre
sented the dance In a very graceful man
ner. It was a very enjoyable affair.
¦ The programme .was followed , by the
ball- under the direction of J. D. O'Leary
as floor manager, assisted by J. H. Ful
ren, H. J. Gallagher, George J. Berger,'
Dr. W. E. Darneal.H. M. Walsh and W.
A Nichols and by the committee of ar
rangements, F. E. Trimble chairman.
The whist tournament between Court
WIesdale and Court Lincoln, A. O. F..
few days with Dr.' and: Mrs. Russell, H.
Cool at their country home in Los Gatos.
. _ • • » • -
Ti^ irnnM Rontlu hiu raturnait f™—
a six. weeks' sojourn in New Mexico and
Arizona. ,
* ¦ • 1 • . .
• Mr« .Tn/iU- JnhnstAn' of Los Ane-clcs Is
Mrs. Lucie May Hayes U soan/5««~ •
The Homer Kings. will not be at home
to stay until the middle of October but
have been in town for an occasional week
between their several short tnps to the
country. i.«~ :;¦
Mrs. King is at present . In Shasta
County. Misses Genevleve and Hazel
King returned from ! Burlingame a few
days ago and have been entertaining Mrs
Page, .wife of Dr. Page of the navy, dur
ing their mother's absence. Mrs. Page
was formerly Miss Mamie Burling who
has been a favorite In army society for
several years. . . .
At an informal dinner given laEt Thurs
day for Mrs. Page by her hostesses sev
eral popular officers of the Protet were
among the guests.
M f vT ™ WeSley Burn «tt. formerly
Miss Viola Piercy. has returned to the
Burnett ranch-, near San Luis Obispo after
a business trip to San Francisco. During
part of her stay in this vicinity Mrs. Bur
nett" was the euest of Mrs. Lucie May
Hayes at her home In East Oakland.
Mr. Nahl is a son of the late Arthur
Charles. Nahl. . the - well known artist, a
founder of the Olympic Club and early
member of the Bohemian. Club. Two
brothers of the groonvelect. . Virgil and
Perham Nahl, are also artists. The young
couple will live at Llano. State of Sonora
Mexico, whera the groom Is manager of
the San Francisco mines.
The young principals at a quiet wedding
this week will be Miss Jessica Marion
Davis and Arthur C. Kahl. The bride Is
the beautiful daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
A. M. Davis oJ this city,- and a cousin
of Miss Jessica Peixotto. who carried off
a master's degree at- the University of
California. Miss Davis is also a graduate
of the same college, . class of 1903, and
Mr. Nahl finished in the class of 190L The
bride's mother comes of an old Spanish
family in Louisiana.
liberally educated. The couple will go to
Europe for their honeymoon. , . <
A charming debutante of last winter,
with several millions coming her way, so
strenuously denied an announcement of
her engagement to a popular young man
in society that I dare not venture to men
tion It in. these columns, 'although the
pretty romance has progressed consider
ably of late and is now almost an es
tablished fact The, young woman will
tell you the news in her own good time.
A new engagement which will come in
the nature of a surprise to San Francisco
society is that of Miss Bernle Terry and
Frank West, both of Stockton.
Miss Terry is an old friend of Miss Her
rin and Miss Alice Herrin, whom she vis
ited last winter at their handsome home
at Broadway and Scott street. She was
popular with the young Eet at once and
was seen at all of the smartest affairs
during her stay in this *lty. Even Miss
Terry's intimate friends did not know of
Frank West's possibilities last season, as
the popular bud was corresponding with
a younger man In Stockton, who had
been paying her considerable attention.
The new groom to be is a widower, of
orominence who is widely traveled and
After the Redlngtons end Miss Hazel
Noonan return from Europe another en
gagement will be made public— unless the
fiame has been extinguished by titled for
eigners, and the young woman is hardly
the sort to forget good Americans bo
easily.
Probably next to being In love yourselt
the keenest of all interests Is to watch
young people's first affaires de co&ur.
There Is something genuine and refresh-
Ing In these early romances and a de
lightful freedom from the mercenary ten
dencies which have a way of cropping out
in those of later years.
An interesting engagement is to be an
nounced In a very few days, but I am
unable to confide It to you at this mo
ment, v
CtTFID Is making great strides
of late in our debutante set
and his latest achievements are
heard with nothing short of
eagerness on the part of so
ciety.
Mrs. I* H. Bryan and Mrs. James Louis
Bradbury are on their - way East for a
six weeks* visit. After spending a few
days in Denver they will proceed to St.
Louis. Kansas • City, Chicago and New
York. During their stay In St. Louis the
ladles will be entertained by prominent
mining men,/ who have been entertained
by Mrs. Bryan'3 mother, Mrs.'Felton, at
her home, Mazatlan, Mexico.
Debutantes of the coming winter will
comprise less; than a dozen and will win
more attention than their sister buds of
last year, who numbered twenty. They
will include Gretta Pomeroy, Ethel Deaa.
Newell Drown, Anna Sp'erry, Miss Bailey,
Lucy Gwin Coleman, Ethel Kent and Miss
Annie Wooster. --Vv''
Mrs. Ashton Potter Is making prepara
tions to return to her ' husband in the
Philippines on the next transport.
Whether Miss Ruth McNutt will accom
pany her elster or visit her later is not
yet definitely settled.
lege. Mr. and Mrs. "Wlnterburn will bo
greatly missed at Monterey.
the evening thers was a pleasant social
hour.
The grand parton has authorized Past
Grand Patron Charles E. Mitchell to In
stitute Sunset Chapter at Pico Heights,
Los Angeles. This will make tha seventh
In that dty.\
Worthy Grand Matron Mabel B. Sey
mour la visiting a number of the chapters
In the Northern Sacramento Valley.
Ivy Chapter of this city had a pleasing
•watermelon party on the evening of Sep
tember 8. Thfere was a large attendance
and a very pleasant evening was spent
by all. This chapter Is working actively
to make its party in Golden Gate Hall oa
September 13 a grand success.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1903.
52
SOCIETY